LOUBET REVIEWS
DEPARTING TROOPS
MARSEILLES. Aug. 12.-Prcsident
Loubet, accompanied by SI. Del
casse, General Andre. Minister of
War. and M. de Lanessan, Min
ipl<?r of Marine, arriwd here this, morn
ir.jr and proceeded immediately to the re
viewing grounds, where they 'inspected
the Chinese expeditionary corps. There
was much enthusiasm, with cries of
"Vive Loubet'." "Vive la Renublique,"
arili "Vive I'Armec!" The cheering was
continuous.
After the review II. Loubet. taking his
position on the reviewing stand to present
. v<> flag: to the corps, said:
W 'In the name of the republic I deliver
to you the flags of the expeditionary
enrps. They are confided to your loyalty
and patriotism, which I guarantee.
j •• 'Honor the fatherland* la your motto.
Soon you will subscribe upon their folds,
the name of a campaign rendered neces
sary by the violation of our right*, the
disregard of our legitimate interests and
the brutal assaults made upon those who
represent us In China. .
"Officers, non-commissioned officers and
soldiers, let these flags be to you a sacred
gift. They recall the lofty mission- of
France, a mission confided to your cour
age, to exact from a country where; the
essential laws of civilized countries have
been odiously violated the, chastisement of
the guilty and to. impose some, vivid "In
demnities for. the past' with necessary
guarantees for the future. , They tell ' you
that the heritage ¦ of -^honoiv the scare of
which your, elders • confided J to ; you,* can-"
not grow less at'your -hands, and; that,
CALI, HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Aug.
12. — Twenty warships representing the powers of the world are concentrated
at Shanghai and more are proceeding to that point. •
It wa.s learned to-day on excellent authority that the German Govern-.
ment has ordered a squadron of warships to sail at once for Shanghai. . No in
formation has boon received in Washington confirmatory of the -report that 5000 •
German troops have been ordered there. Germany's action is the result of the an
nounced purpose of Great Britain to land S000 British troops in Shanghai, ostensi
bly fcr the protection of the foreign settlomonts.
Shanghai has assumed an Importance In international diplomacy that can only
b*> los«t by Great Britain's revocation of her orders for troops to proceed or by a
promp: settlement of the whole Chinese question. The German warships have gone
to Shanghai to protect the German interests, not only in that port,
l>ut in the whole cf the Yangtse Valley, and as these are of Immense value the
Kaiser would undoubtedly object to the acquisition of this great territory by the
UritSsh Government, which haa hitherto contented itself with declaring that It
phall be always open to the trade of the world. The best information obtainable
h^rc is that Japan will not formally object to the landing of the British troops at
Shang-hai. .
GERMAN WARSHIPS FOR SHANGHAI.
FRANCE GIVES WARNING TO CHINA.
PARIS, Aug 12. 10:30 p. m.— The Tsung 11 Tamen forwarded through the Chi
nese Minister in Paris. Tu Kons. a message to the French Government com
plaining of the "tardiness of the foreign Ministers In Peking in replying to
the offer of the Chinese Government to conduct their escort." The message
proceeded to eay that the Tsung 11 Yamen declined to be responsible for any casu
alties which might follow this delay, and Insisted that the European Governments
order their representatives to leave Peking. To this communication M. Delcasse,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, sent the following reply:
"No order to depart from Peking will be given to our Minister so
long as the route is unsafe. If a casualty occurs the responsibility -will
be entirely with the Chinese Government. Its strict duty is to protect
foreign Ministers, even more than its own.
"If it be trur that the Chinese Government has great difficulty In defending
them and in defending itfw-lf against rebels, it should order its troops to stand
aside before the allied forces. This would render free the road from Tientsin to
the capital and would accomplish the work of protection which is Incumbered.
The Chinese Government should understand that the only means of proving the
6lnc«rity of Its designs and of limiting its responsibility is a cessation in the plac
ing of obstacles In the way of euch an arrangement."
PABJS, Aug. 12.— The Patrle publishes the following: "The pro
cureur general of the congregation of the Lazarist missions, Mon
signor Bsttembourg-, informs us that he has just been advised
by TSL. Delcasse that, according to a dispatch from the French."
Consul General at Shanghai, received yesterday, 7000 Christians have
b?en massacred at Paoting, east of Peking. No other details are at
hand."
The French Foreign Office received this morning from M. Plchor.. French
Minister at Poking, what Is evidently the delayed dispatch which 'he referred to
in th«> first messag-e received from him. published here last Thursday as "my
cipher ?Co. 1. dated Augrust 3." It is as follows:
•'From June 20 to July 17 Chinese troops besieged, fired upon and bombarded
us. Four legations have been burned and that of France three-quarters destroy
ed. We still hold out. thanks to the heroic defense of the Franco-Austrian de
tachment. Our loss Is sixteen. The general loss Is sixty more and 110 wounded.
All the missions in Peking have been burned, save the Peitang mission, which
Is standing, but Its condition is uncertain. Despite anguish and privations the
members of the legation are In good health.
•The bombardment ceased on July 11. Offensive works, Chinese barricades
and intermittently shots continue without victims. The Government Is attempt
ing indirectly to negotiate with us for our departure; but wo cannot leave with
our Fome protection other than that of the Government.
"Our forces, ammunition and provisions are almost exhausted. The Inter
rupted attacks may recommence and place us at the mercy of the Chinese Gov
ernment. On July IS I received a telegram which I was not allowed to reply
to in cipher."
Seven Thousand Christians Are
Reported to Have Been Massa
cred by Hordes of Fanatical
Boxers at Paoting, East Peking.
BBbOME, Auq, 12. The Italian Foreign Office has received the following dispatch from the Italian Minister in Peking, Marquis Raggi, dated August 5:
Mm "Shots exchanqed between the defenders of the legation and the Chinese. One killed and two wounded.* We have no news from the allies since
TOITSUN, Aug. 8. To Adjutant General, Washington: This message was received torday: "PEKING, August 4.— We will hold until your ar
rival. Hope it will be soon. Send such information as you can.— CONGER." ; ; CHAFFEE.
SUMMARY OF CHINESE SITUATION.
¦ 9 — i
Having received a copy of the edict appointing Li Hung
Chang to sue for peace, the American Government has replied
to tlic Chinese authorities demanding as preliminary to the nego
tiations co-operation zvith the forces of the allies to arrange for
the liberation of the Ministers and the restoration of order.
Shanghai still holds a highly important place in interna
tional considerations. Washington learned yesterday that, in
ziew of the British proposal to land 3000 men at Shanghai,
the German Government has ordered a squadron of warships
to at once sail for that port.
A dispatch from General Chaff ce leads to the belief that the
allies are abend half ivay to Peking. He sends a cheering mes
sage from Minister Conger, dated August 4.
The Italian Government has received a dispatch stating tiiat
a 7vcck ago there was an exchange of shots at the British le
gation in Peking, one man being killed and two wounded.
The French Government has sent a peremptory message,
holding the authorities at Peking to account for the {envoys'
safctx and refusing to instruct its representative to leave.
ITALIAN LEGATION CABLES
. OF BATTLE ON AUGUST 5
MINISTERS ARE FIGHTING
FOR DEAR LIFE IN PEKING
SEYEN THOUSAND CHRISTIANS
SLAIN NEAR THE CAPITAL
CRASHES
THROUGH
A BRIDGE
Disaster to a West
bound Southern Pa
cific Train in Louisi
ana.
Escape of the Passengers
From Instant Death Re
garded as Almost Mirac-
BUT ONE LIFE WAS LOST
Locomotive Strikes an Omnibus
Containing a Funeral Party in
Pennsylvania and Fifteen Are
Killei ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAKE CHARLES. La.. Aug. 12.—South
ern Pacific Company westbound passenger
train Xo. 9 was completely wrecked this
afternoon at 5 o'clock. The train, running
at full speed, bad Just struck the trestle
over the Lacaslne Bayou when the tender
jumped the track and broke loose from
the engine. The engine went on. and nine
coaches of the train were thrown In every
direction, only one Pullman car staying
on the track. The cars were nearly all ;
thrown into the mud and water of Laca
slne Bayou_ .The trestle was completely
demolished. The railroad men on the train
declare it was the most complete, smash
up they ever saw.
On board the train were 150 people, and
the fact that only one boy was killed la
beyond explanation. Fred Chattin was the
unfortunate boy's name. He was the son
of Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Chattin, also on
the train. Mrs. Chattin. who had a baby
in her arms, was seriously hurt on the
head. The boy was asleep by an open
window when the- smashup occurred and
was thrown partly out of the window, the
car falling upon him and breaking his
neck. '
A brakeman's hand was slightly hurt,
and Lucius O'Brian, mail clerk, was bad
ly bruised on the arm. and shoulder. All
others on the - train miraculously escaped
without a bruise. The news of the wrecx
caused great apprehension in Lake
Charles, as there were a number of Lake
Charles people on boards A Ozst I rumor -
said forty were killed.
' .A relief train went out at 8:S0 with doc
tors and Interested citizens. This ' train
returned at midnight -with the body o*
Fred Chattin and his mother, together
with baggage and passengers. Every at
tention is being given Mrs. Chattin.
The small loss of life and bodily injury
Is the greatest marvel of the disaster.
Passenger trains will operate over the
Watklns road via Alexandria until th«
wreck is cleared.
FIFTEEN KILLED.
Train Crashes Into an Omnibus in
• Pennsylvania.
SLATINGTON, Pa.. Aug. 12.— Fifteen
persons were instantly killed and eleven
others, several of whom will die. were
seriously injured to-night on a grade
crossing about three miles east of this
city, a passenger train on the Lehlgh and
New England Railroad crashing intrt an
omnibus full of people. The dead and In
jured were In the omnibus. But three of
the occupants escaped injury. The dead:
¦ Ell Remaley. ased 70.
Mrs. Eli Remaley, his wife.
Mrs. James Kern, their daughter, iged 23.
Samuel Mummy.
Mrs. Samuel Mummy, hla wife.
Mrs. Eliaa Sourwlne. a widow, ag»d S3.
Mrs. William Kane, ased CL
MUs Carrie Smith, eted 22.
Mrs. Til Oilman Kuntz, aged 33.
' Mrs. James Mtnnieh. ased 33.
Mrs. SteDhen Reinhard. ased 60.
Mrs. Susan Cohen, ased 67.
Mrs. Alfred Rhori*.
Mrs. Robert Selbert.
David Kern. 5 years old, son of Mrs. Jaxnea
Kern.
The omnibus came along at a good rate
of speed, the occupants unconscious of
any impending danger. As the bus swung
around the curve the engine came in
sight. It was too late to stop either the
omnibus or the train, and as the driver
of the former whippet! up the four horses
to cross the track ahead of the train the
latter crashed Into its middle. The occu
pants were thrown m all directions,
bruised and bleeding. Eleven were killed,
outright. Physicians and a special train,
were sent. from hero and the injured were
taken to South Bethlehem. »
No watchman is employed to warn
teams or pedestrians of any approaching
train and those living in the vicinity
state is Is impossible to hear an ap
proaching train. The horses drawing the
bus escaped unhurt.
The omnibus passengers were returning
to Slatington from a funeral. The dead
and Injured were nearly all relatives of
Sophia Schoefer. whose obsequies they
had attended. The accident occurred at
5 o'clock. The train was a special and
was running at a lively rate of speed.
NOTABLES TN A .WRECK.
Train Disaster in Italy in Which Six
Persons Are Killed.
ROME. Aug. 12. — A ' train b«aring many
notable persona, who had been attending
the recent ceremonies here. .collided with
another a few miles outside the city. Six
persons were killed outright \and several
others fatally injured. The King antt
Queen went Immediately to the scene of
the accident. The names of the victims
have not been ascertained, but It is under
stood that Grand Duke and Duchess
Pierre of Russia are safe.
BOXER OUTRAGES .IN
KWANGTUNG PROVINCE
HONGKONG, Aug. 11.— The United
States Consul General here.; _Mr. Wild
man, has received a telegram from- the
Baptist mission of Swatow, province of
Kwangtung. saying three more chapels
have been demolished and that there has
been much looting of mission " property.
The dispatch adds that an attempt was
made upon the life of the preacher there
and that the officials are taking no action
In the matter. The troubles are attributed
to the "vegetarian society," so called.
Continued on . Second Page.
Continued' on Second \ Page.
WASHINGTON/ Aug. 12.— Indication!
of the desire of China for a peace
ful settlement - of her; difficulties
have i been :. multiplying I for; several
days. Official evidence of. that desire iwas
presented .' to the Department of State ¦ to.-'
day. " It' was in ' the ; form i of , an : edict ; pro
mulgated by the Emperor, Kwang Su. ap- !
pointing; LI ' Hung ; Chang ' as rEnvoy ¦ Pleni
potentiary to 'negotiate with the.; powers
for an "immediate- cessation? of [hostili
ties" pending a- solution: of 'the -problems
which have grown out 'of -the anti-foreign
uprising. In ,the ; emplre.yEarU Li; is! to; act
directly for. the* Emperor," and a fair infer
ence is that whatever, terms of 'settlement
ply; as yet has not been; received. Later
edict and discuss it briefly.
; Mr. , Wu ¦ expressed the belief ' that the
iedlct' presented a means of peaceful- ad
justment of; the trouble, and that the re
,quest of the Chinese Government for a
cessation of hostilities pending peace ne
gotiations was entirely reasonable.
;; Immediately upon the conclusion of the
[conference the text of the edict, togeth/r
.with the details of the call, of Minister
Wu, :.was communicated- to President Mc-
.at Canton. .The" President's re-
ference with '. acting Secretary Adee at
10:30 "o'clock, having previously A made an
engagement for: that f hour," and presented
to ; Mr. ''Adee, a' copy of the imperial edict;
which he^had; received last night.'. It had
been i transmitted to ; him in c the 3 Chinese
Foreign 1 Office; cipher. -and Its -.translation
and''- preparation ¦': for ;.i submission i to : the
State 1 Department ; had - much i of
.ttie7night.v Mr.'iWii' remained? with'Secre
tkry'' Adee! f or ¦ three-iuarters of ''an-.hour.
discussing the , edict • and ; the ; probable ; re^
sponse -,to it ! of .'ibis [ Government. Shortly
( beiore Mr.\.Wu"left\the department;Secre
;tary]Root'jbinedlthe;party,-but,remained_
only^ long .enough; to .obtain ? a', copy; of ! the
[J, During ? the ; day > only ;, one '\ dispatch ; that
was madel public \ reached • any .of the Go v
ernmerit departments from" China? ; It was
a '.belated rmessaBC; from i> Minister.; Conpcr,
transmitted 5 to ~,the ...War^ Department ;¦ by
General ChaiTee;- and "expressed simply, his
ability, to "hold" on"?untiraenGral*Chaffee
should "conie" to; his v AllUheJpower
of the'Governmeht Will be exerted, to; set
the *' relief i to > him and ".the j other " liripris-*
oned ;• 1 egationers ; at the 7 earliest 'f possible
"moment."-' ¦.-./ ' ;"¦.': ."..'¦..' ,'.'., ".•;' : !'.;- ¦'••.'.'¦*
','¦¦ Minister) Wu was' an I early Jcaller at [ the
Department* of; State. He 'went? in to!con-'
he may, reach with the powers will be ap
proved Iby; the imperial; Government. •¦¦. --•„•
day (August 11).
"The imperial edict, as transmitted by the Privy Council, is as
follows: '
" 'In the present conflict between Chinese arid foreigners there
has been some misunderstanding on the part of the foreign nations and
also a want of proper management on /th« part of some of A the local au
thorities. A clash of arms is followed by 'calamitous results; and ; hns
caused a rupture of friendly relations which will 1 ultimately , do no good
to the world. "We hereby appoint L.i Hung Chang "as 'our* Envoy^^^Pleni
potentiary, with instructions: to propose . at once by telegraph to • the
governments of the several: powers concerned" for the s cessa
tion of hostile demonstrations pending negotiations .which he is hereby
authorized - to ' conduct for our pact, for the settlement of whatever ques- ,
tions may have to be dealt with. ; ,Th« i questions are to be severally con
sidered in a satisfactory manner • and {the result; of ; the negotiations "'re
ported to us for our sanction. _ Inspect this.' •
"The above is respectfully copied for.transmissioii'to your,Excel
lency, to be communicated to the Secretary of State [for (his Excellency's
information."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12. — The State Department makes public the
following imperial edict appointing Viceroy Li Hung\ Chang as
Envoy Plenipotentiary to propose a cessation of hostile demonstra
tions and negotiate with the powers, a copy of which was delivered by
Minister Wu to the acting Secretary of State this (Sunday) morning at
10:30 o'clock:
"An imperial edict forwarded by the Privy Council at Peking, un
der date of the 14th day of the seventh moon (August 3), to Governor
Tuan at Tsinan, Shantung, -who transmitted it on the 17th day of the
same moon. (August 11) to the Taotai at Shanghai, by -whom it was re
transmitted to Minister Wu, who received it on the night of the same
Appeal of Emperor Kwang Su to
President McKinley to Stop the
Warring and Accept Li Hung
as the Peace Plenipotentiary.
UNCLE SAM WILL MEDIATE
IF MINISTERS ARE SAVED
Response of President McKinley to
Emperor Kwang. Su, in Which
He Expresses His Willingness to
Act Under Certain Conditions.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— Acting Secretary of State Adee this aft
ernoon handed to Mr. Chung Mun Yew, secretary-interpreter of
the Chinese legation, 1 the : . note prepared by Secretary ..Root and
himself and approved by Mr. McKinley, accepting Li Hung Chang as
China's representative to treat for peace, provided this remaining con
dition set forth in the President's response to the appeal of Kwang Su,
Emperor of China, be complied with:"
"To place the imperial authorities of China in communication with
the relief expedition,' so that co-operation may be secured between them
for the liberation of the legations, the protection of foreigners and tha
restoration of order."
In ¦ his reply to the Chinese Emperor's appeal for mediation the
President announced that if these objects were accomplished "it is the
belief of this Government that no obstacles will'be found to exist on
/the part of the powers to an amicable settlement of all the questions
arising out of the recent troubles, and the friendly good offices of this
Government will, with the assent of the other, powers, be cheerfully
placed' at your Majesty's disposition for that purpose."
The : first step toward carrying out this promise was made this aft
ernoon when the circular instruction, embodying the decree appointing
iii: Hung Chang and, the President's response thereto, was cabled to our
representatives abroad, with. the request that they present it to the Gov
ernments to which' they are accredited. There will be an active inter
change; of views,; but the demand of the United States for the liberation
of i the Ministers as a preliminary. to the negotiations will, the authori
ties feel confident, 1 be approved by Europe and Japan, and when this
¦ demandtis complied ! with the powers will arrange upon the concessions
-' which" China must make.
THE DEFENSE OF TIENTSIN.
THE GUNS FROM H. M. S. TERRIBLE IN ACTION AT THE RAILROAD STATION
(From Le Journal . Illua^e.)
SAN FRANCISCO,---. MONDAY^ -AUGUST 13, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE:NTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 74.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.WASHINGTON, Aug. 12-Mr. Wu is
much olatcd over the appointment of Li
Hung ChanK as a plenipotentiary to ar
range peace. He sincerely hopes that It
•will be accepted by the powers, as the re-
Bults attained, in his cpinicn. would be
patisfaclory to all concerned.
"I think Earl Li's designation a capi
tal one," he said. "Aside from the Em
peror and Empress he is the highest offi
cial in the Government, and he has the
implicit confidence of all Chinamen. In
many ways he is eminently qualified to
act as an intermediary between his own
Government and the representatives of
the ppwers" which may be appointed to act
with him. He* has done excellent work
for the Chinese and they have great con
fidence in his discretion and wisdom. I
CONGER'S ME'SSAGE EVIDENTLY DELAYED-
WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.— The War Department's dispatch from Minister Con
ger transmitted through General Chaff ee, had evidently been delayed long
In reaching Chaff ee. as his own dispatch was dated four days ago." It is
presumed the dispatch of General Chaffce was .Jated at Yangtsun and that
an error was made In transmission. While the message of Minister Conger con
tains nothing new. It is encouraging to the odcials to have renewed assurances of
his ability and determination to "hold" until relief reaches him. That General
Chailee will communicate to the besieged Minister tidings of hope and good cheer,
if the opportunity be afforded him. . officials here -are -certain. Minister- Conger's
expression of hop* that th% long looked for relief may scon reach him simply, adds
to the determination of the Government t» press forward to Peking as rapidly as
possible. It is evident that the distance half-way to Peking has been covered.
SIR ROBERT HART'S MESSAGE FROM PEKING
LONDON. Aug. 13. 3 a. m.— "The sooner we can be got out of this the better,
for It fs Inconvenient for the. Chinese Government' and unsafe for ourselves."
This is .a message received; lasU evening from Sir Robert- Hart; dated Peking.
August 5, and i=ent in cipher to the Chinese maritime customs offlce in Lon
don. ' • " : " ¦ ' / ' " '
• Cheng. Director General of Uallroadsnnd Telegrapys.'.accoraJngAo.a Shanghai
dispatch lo the"' Standard." 'expresses 'grave fears for the members of the legations
»ten the defeated Chinese troops return to the capital.
LONDON, Aug. 12— The Daily i Mail pub
lishes an interview with the Chinese Min
ister in London. Sir. Chih Chen; Lo Feng
Luh. quoting him as "urging the foreign
Ministers to leave Peking. ¦ -• w
"Some people say," remarked Sir 7 Chih
Chen, "that the : Europeans are * still ¦ be
sieged. It is not so. ¦ When you. are be
sieged you are . not allowed communica
tion ¦ with the outside world,' but', you -'are
receiving messages, /.cipher
from' Sir Claude Macdonald." 1 - ;:- 1\,
Commenting upon the.-various'prbposl
tlons made by China Ij the powers :the
Daily News well, expresses -the ', predomi
nating British opinion as follows; . : .
"What the Chinese . authorities say in
effect Is this: Stop your, advance upon
Peking and we willglve your. Ministers a
safe conduct to Tientsin. If you do not at
once Instruct them- to leave Peking we
cannot answer for, the consequences. ;
"To this abominable and not very
thickly veiled threat 5 there ¦ can. be only
one answ4?r, and M.Dclcasse has' given fit
in very cogent terms. -The Ministers can
not leave except under- absolutely con
vincing guarantees : of • safety.'; In the
speedy advance of the allies lies 'tho only,
real hope of saving the Ministers." ' :¦.
-In ;the same .vein /the Daily.' Telegraph
says:- ' \. .... ~,.^ =• ;•».¦..¦.:, ,;..-.,
. "American statesmen .take- up" what
seems to be the only-" ' logical attitude
> r hen tney tell-; Mr.~; Conger u they i have
never for. a ; morcmnt j entertained the idea
of his placing himself at the mercy of a
Chinese official : uledce."
NO FAITH IN PLEDOES.
:. LONDON, Aug. 12. — Korea, according to
a Seoul dispatch, consents to Japan send
ing troops there to - provide for emer
gencies. • ¦
PARIS, Aug. 12.— According, to -dis
patches received to-day from -Vice Ad
miral Courrejels of the French ¦¦ naval
command, native Christians and mission
aries on tho line to Hankow, 500 kilome
ters from Peking, are. in great danger,
the point being entirely outside the
sphere of the allied operations.- He has
also- received bad news regarding - Nlu
chwanjf. captured August 4, which, as he
is advised, has since been evacuated. ¦
According ¦ to his advices ¦ from • the
French colony in Peking, eight marines,
one cadet and one customs employe have
been killed. He says a Danish > company
has laid a cable from Chefu to Taku,
KOREA WILL WELCOME
JAPANESE TROOPS
HANKOW MISSIONARIES,/ ): y .
IS ARE IN DANGER
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 12.— Troop B of Sacra
mento, after a week's encampment at Dolphin
Park, has struck camp and left for home
? I £? E k NIX \' A ? S u- ¦¦¦*"*' 1- -A dispatch re
ceived here to-night from Aztec says w S
Moffatt was murdered and robbed, presumably
by Mexicans, near Harrisburg, Yuma County.
No further particulars are obtainable
EL PASO. Tex.. Aug. 12.-C.eorge . Landers
alias Georce Brennan. wanted in Kansas City"
£"£"•• t?° ,? £harKe of swindling the Evans-
Snlder-Buell Commission Company in cattle
deals; has been adjudged insane and -ordered
sent to the btate insane asylum.
•SAN JOSE. Aug. 12- -The last will of James,
Hart, . the . coffee kins," was filed for probate
yesterday. The estate U valued at 150.000.
Oscar D D«wey Eunice Dewey, Ann MurVer,
James John Murrer. Kate Stefan.
J ame» Cogan and Kate Law are legatees under
MONTEREY . Augr. 12.-John P. Brown, sec
retary of the Indiana Forestry Association has
spent -the past week 'In; this city and vicinity
In the Interest of the preservation and renewal
of forest areas In this fcountry. Mr Brown has
been traveling- in the "West since May last, and
has met with » considerable mensure ; of suc
cess, it Is eald, in inducing the people at large
to take an interest and an active part in the
important work whtch^he represents. ;
-PACIFIC GROVE. Au's. 1!.— At a special meet
ing of , Paclilc Grove • Lodge No." 93 Degree • of
Honor, A. O. U.'W., the following officers
were installed for the coming term by Grand
Recorder Miss Loretta Donnelly of San Fran
cisco:- Mrs. Ina Garber. , past chief <>f honor-
Mrs. Serena Dodge, chief of.'honor: Mrs. Anna
A. Gallauer. lady of honor: Mr*. Mary Gomez,
chief or ceremonies; Mrs. Martha Gomez, finan
cier; IH. « C Wornes, * recorder: ""Mrs.' Mary
Carmody." usher; A. Heath, receiver; B. A.
Eaxdley, Inside watch.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
*NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Battery C, Sev
enth United States Artillery, Lieutenant
Johnson commanding, which has been
ordered to China, will start to-morrow for
San Francisco. The command consists of
sixty-five men. ninety-five horses and six
field pieces, and is at present at Fort
Adams, R. . I.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., Aug. 12—Com
pany A, First Infantry.has received or
ders to proceed at once to San Francisco
It will leave to-morrow.
TROOPS COMING TO
SAN FRANCISCO
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 12.— Tang Tu.
the Chinese Minister here, says there is
every reason to suppose that the Ministers
have left Peking under the escort of a
strong detachment of Government troops
commanded by General Yung Lu, and that
they may be expected to arrive at Tien
tsin any day.
YANG YU TRYING
TO CHEER THE POWERS
This afternoon the strikers tried'to pre
vent the- Polynesian leaving the harbor
by blocking the entrance with a number
of barges. Ten strikers entered by the
scuttles and threatened the firemen with
death. They were arrested. It was only
by the greatest : difficulty the company's
tugs .succeeded in driving : the •* barges
toward the . quays, where all the ' rioters,
some: fifty, "were arrested. ! '
:~ M. de Lanessan was . appealed to " for
mediation, and after, a: conference he de
cided to . act i as intermediary.
The transport Melbourne, with a thou
sand troops of the China expeditionary
corps, : left' at midnight.
The strike of the firemen of the Trans-
Atlantic Steamship Company, which be
gan- this morning, seriously interfered
with the arrangements for the departure
of the transports, only one, the Poly
nesian, getting away.. The stokers of the
others left the vessels. .
"This monstrous effort will fall. It has
already failed, I am certain. Is not the
army a part of the nation. itself? When
military service is completed will not the
army, return to their own firesides? The
army and the nation make one, and are
only Inspired with the same devotion to
France and the republic."
"I came here as I went to Cherbourg, in
order to dispel the criminal equivocation
which party spirit attempts to create and
which it wishes to perpetuate by trying to
dig a ditch between tne army and the na
tion. . .
At the luncheon following the cere
mony M. .Loubet, replying to a toast to
his health, said:
in this international army, which is
formed for the defense of civilization,
those wearing the French uniform must
not yield in discipline, endurance or cour
age to any." /
Continued from First Page.
LOUBET REVIEWS
DEPARTIHGTROOPS
BERLIN'. Aug. li-Field Marshal Count
von Waldereee. according to the Ber
liner.Tareblalt. will go on a special mis
sion to Renw before tailing for China.
VON WALDFRSEE WILL
FIRST GO TO ROME
Th«? attitude assumed by the diplomatic
representativ.ws of European Governments
in \Yashinjrion is pufficient evidence that
th<» powers 'will* preps vigorously the de
mands that they have mad<» upon the Chi
roso Government. To Peking the allied
armies will go. it is declared frankly, un
less every demand is arooded to and all
possible reparation Is made by China for
the damages already committed.
•
JCo reply— at least no direct reply— has
be^n l eceived yet to the memorandum
transmitted to the Chinese Government
through Minister \Yu by the Department
of Stale. It may be that the Imperative
demands contained in the memorandum
induced the promulgation of the edict de
livered to this Government to-day; but
the edi^t in itself is not accepted as a re
ply to those demands.
Minister Wu is Inclined to take an op
timistic view of the situation, but it can
be said authoritatively that his view is
not shared in fully by the Washington of
ficials. There is no disposition evident to
day to abate by one single jot the de
mands which have been made upon China,
A strong hope Is expressed, however, that
the Chinese Government will accede to
the demands eventually, and perhaps
vory' soon. This, Is based upon the edict
crpolnting Earl Li to sue tnr peace. To
this extent it may be said that the view
of the officials here is optimistic.
l*ntil these demands have been acceded
to It is regarded as highly improbable
that the Government of the United States
or any of the European Governments, all
of which have made the same demands
upon China, will consent to a "cessation
of hostile demonstrations" which are be
ing conducted, at least so far as this Gov
ernment is concerned, with the sole pur
pose of succoring the besieged legatloners
:n the Chinese capital.
In the day Acting Secretary Adee made
public the text of the edict.
While it is conceded by the Washington
officials that the conference of plenary
authority ui>on Earl Li to negotiate with
the powers for settlement of existing
troubles Is a Ftep in the right direction, it
is hy no means assured that the United
States Government will consent off-hand
to open negotiations with the distin
guiFhed Viceroy. The demands of this
Government upon China have been made
plainly and without equivocation. They
cannot be misunderstood. Assuming that
the Chinese Government is acting in pood
faith, the demands are reasonable and can
be complied with readily.
Continued from First Page.
UNCLE SAM WILL
MEDIATE IF THE
MINISTERS ARE SAFE
LONDON, | Aug. 12.— General Grodekoff
reports to the Russian War Office the
occupation of Santchau and the passes
across the Chlngau Mountains. Orders
have boon Issued for the formation of
two additional Siberian army cprps. A
semi-official Shanghai telegram publish
ed in St. Petersburg describes the send
ing of British troow? to Shanghai as
"without the least necessity."
RUSSIAN TROOPS
OCCUPY SANTCHAU
LONDON, Auk. 12. — Cheng Ten Yuang,
the Cantonese who was the special Em
bassador of China at Queen Victoria's
jubilee and- who is now in banishment at
III. has been ordered, according to a
Shanghai dispatch, to commit suicide, an
imperial edict having been issued to that
effect.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times, referring to the fate of Cheng
Yen Yuang. says he was executed and
that no reason is given for this barbarous
act. The same correspondent understands
that Li Shan, vice president of the Board
of Revenue, has been imprisoned on a
charpe of rendering assistance to the
members of the foreign legations.
IMPRISONED FOR
HELPING MINISTERS
I am pratifled to receive your Majesty's mes
paj?e of Rfxxl will in relation to the selection of
0»unt W«lder»ee, and. like you, I see in our
common effort to discharge a common duty to
humanity an additional recognition of the
Kindly ties and mutual interests that exist be
tween this country and Germany.
WILLIAM McKINLET.
I received with pleasure the decision of the
T'nlted States that American and German sol
diers shall fight together lor the common cause
r.f civilization under one Commander-in-chief.
The brave army of your country, which has
shown of late so many warlike qualities, united
with F>urope will be irresistible. Field Mar
shal Count WaJderree. who will have the honor
of leading: your forces. Is not a Etrang^er to
America. His wife 1b an American by birth.
I ben yoar Excellency to accept my heartfelt
thanks for the confidence of the United States
placed In the leadership of Count von .Wald-r
se«. WIL.HEL.M II.
To this telegram the President cabled
the following acknowledgment to-day:
WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.— The Depart
ment of State made public to-nlght the
correspondence with the German Govern
ment and the Emperor relative to the se
lection of Field Marshal Count von Wal
dersee for the chief command of the co
operating foreign forces In China. Follow
ing are the final messages:
MESSAGES ANENT THE
CHOICE OF WALDERSEE
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
fdd. CopyriRht. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
YANGTSUN, Aug. 6, Evening, via Che
fu, Aug. 9 and Shanghai, Aug. 12.— After
marching fifteen miles from Peitsang the
allies to-day captured Yangtsun. The
fighting lasted, four hours. The Chinese
lines extended from the railway bridge
eastward three miles. It is estimated the
enemy numbered 20.000. The Russians,
British and all the Americans were en
gaged. Colonel Daggett led a beautiful
charge.
Chaff #« estimates the casualties and
prostrations from the terrible heat pre
vailing amounted to 40 per cent of the
force engaged. The English and Russians
confounded the Fourteenth United States
Regiment In the night with the Chinese
and shelled them. Ten Americans were
wounded before the mistake was discov
ered- The Americans had ten killed and
fifty-five wounded in the fighting. The
British had fifty wounded, the Russians
ten, including a colonel. The Chinese
losses are unknown. The. troops will rest
to-morrow. . • ¦ '
Ten Men of the Fourteenth Infantry
Were "Wounded Before Error
Was Discovered,
hope his appointment will be acceptable
to the powers, and; I know the results of
the negotiations conducted by him will be
satisfactory aJike to Chinese and to for
eigners, for he will be Just. and honorable
In all his dealings."
AMERICANS SHELLED BY
BRITISH BY MISTAKE
FILIPINOS UNDER
COLONEL GRAS5A LAY
: DOWN THEIR ARMS
•WASHINGTON, Aug. 12. — The
War Department ; received to-day ¦
the :] following dispatch ; containing
cheerful', news from- General Mac-
Arthur:' ¦¦'"¦ : ¦¦"'¦ '¦ . ;
MANILA, Aug.. . 12. —Adjutant
General, Washington: .- Colonel
Grassa, August F 12, " In , vicinity of
Tayug", ; surrendered '¦ his command
to. Colonel Freeman of the Twenty
fourth "Infantry/ It. consisted £ of
one major/ six -captains,; six lieu- .
tenants, and 169 .men. - One; hundred'.
rifles and 50 bolos .were also turned .
6ver.\ •'¦"¦:"'• '"'.*, *¦:"¦-¦¦¦'{ \- .*'•-•-- . *-v
Imperative as is the need of troops in
the Philippines, the authorities,- to their
great regret, are compelled to begin ar
rangements for the withdrawal of volun
teers. Transports -which are now con
veying regulars to China will be used to
bring back • volunteer regiments, which
under law must be - discharged In tho
United States before July 1.1001. .. , ¦
If the backbone of China's resistance is
broken, as the authorities hope and an
amicable settlement of the Chinese ques
tion is accomplished, the regulars in
China will be ordered to the Philippines.
It is apparent, however, that the forces
In China cannot be withdrawn until ne
gotiations for. the solution of the Chinese
question are concluded, and In official cir
cles it is believed that these will con
tinue until next spring.
The withdrawal of 35.000 volunteers will
sadly curtail the military force in the
Philippines and necessitate the reduction
of garrisons.
In order to prevent recruiting to. the In
surgent army Major General Young, com
manding Northern 'L.uzon, ,has, issued; an
order declaring that after June 10 no na
tive over 14 years of age will be per
mitted to travel outside the limits of the
jurisdiction of his :. pueblo : without a
written pass from the president of the
pueblo. Ten years'-; imprisonment'. Is the
penalty for violation of this rule. .; ' .
The situation in the Far East and re
sult of the Presidential election will have
much to do with the recommendations to
be made by the President this fall for an
increase of the army. ( ¦•',•
If McKlnley be, re-elected and 'the Chi
nese question Js> settled 'he : will v :recom
mend that J the strength • of ' the " regular
army be fixed at 65.000 men. If the situa
tion in China necessitates the presence of
American troops N then .he will ask that
the' army- be increased to.- 100,000. men,
some of whom.may.be volunteers.'
iCALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL.' WASHINGTON, Aug. 12: ~
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many Volunteer Regiments
Must Soon Be Brought
WILL WEAKEN
GARRISONS IN
PHILIPPINES
FIFTY LIVES LOST
BT SINKING OF A
FRENCH WAR VESSEL
PARIS, Aug. 12.-During maneu
vers of the French fleet off Cape St.
.Vincent last night a collision occur
red between the first-class battle
ship Brennus, flying the flag of
Admiral Fournler, commander of
the fleet, and the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Frames of thirty-one tons
displacement. - • . ?
The Framee sank Immediately.
Only fourteen of the crew, con
sisting- of four officers and fifty-six
men were saved. The losses include
throe officers, Captain* Plasslx, the
second lieutenant and the chief en
gineer. Admiral Furnler in a dis
patch from Cadiz says that at the
time of the accident the Brennus
was steaming ahead of the Framee
on the left. The flagship and the
torpedo destroyer were exchanging
signals, when tho latter approached
too near to the Brennus. The cap
tain of the Framee ordered his
helmsman to steer to the left, while
he increased the speed. The man
misunderstood j or badly executed
the', order, steering to the right/
which brought the destroyer under
the ram of the Brennus. the Framee
being cut in, twain. ¦ ; -.--. .
CO VBLO, Aug. 12.— Information was
received here to-day from George Ray
mond, a hog rancher, who lives in the
vicinity of Anthony Peak/ the country
recently traversed by the posses in pur
suit of Murderer King. Raymond states
that he saw Zaccarinl's posse Saturday
morning emerging from a canyon where
the men had camped the previous' night:
They had not struck the trail, but .had
been advised by parties the day before
that King and the half-breed Indian who
is piloting him were in hiding, in a rock
canyon at the mouth of one of the Mad
River tributaries, and Zaccarlni's posse
was heading in that direction when Ray
mond left them Saturday morning." Rock
Canyon, on Mad River, Is only thirty-two"
miles from Weaverville, Trinity County.
"Word reached here to-day that Sheriff
Taylor and posse touched at Redding
Thursday . and immediately left for
Wea very-ill e on a good clew. The position
of both Zaccarlni's and- Taylor's pos3e3
now would bring- them together close to
Weavervllle to-morrow, where, it is be
lieved they will certainly surround their
man. Raymond further states that Zac
carlni's pos»e showed signs of having
undergone great hardships, their clothing
being- torn in shreds from contact with
the brush thickets. The posse struck out
directly Into the mountains from Covelo
Thursday morning and has not touched
on a highway yet. Its members were
greatly alarmed at not being able to gain
any information from Sheriff Taylor's
pursuing' party. . v,.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hen Under Zaccarini Seen by a
Rancher and Give Evidence of
Having- Undergone
I Hardships. .$&{
* * — . . •
Murderer Believed to Be
Surrounded by the Two
\ Posses. '
PURSUERS HOPE
SOON TO CLOSE
IN ON KING
When confronted with . the , evidence
against him. Ferrell broke down and con
fessed to the detectives.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 12.-Charles R.
H. Ferrell. a former employe of the
Adams Express Company, was arrested
this afternoon In this city and confessed
to the killing of Messenger Lane and the
robbery of the way safe of the Adams Ex
press Company on the Pennsylvania east
bound train Friday night. One thousand
dollars of the money he stole was re
covered. .. i ¦ ¦.
Ferrell was to have been married Thurs
day next to Miss Lillian Costlow. daughter
of an engineer on the Pennsylvania line.
He had been discharged from fhe employ
of the Adams Express Company and con
fessed that the motive' of the robbery was
to secure money for the approaching mar
riage. The money, recovered be had given
to Miss Costlow to keep for, him, saying
he had saved it from his earnings. ! ;
Ferrell Is but 22 years of age.
He was at the home of his afflanced and
in her company when placed under arrest.
The confession of Ferrell disclosed a
premeditated and bloodcurdling crime 'al
most impossible to believe. He said -he
had become despertfte because of his in
ability to secure . employment and., a
realization of the fact tjiat he must have
money to defray the expenses of his ap
proaching marriage. \ The robbery." in
cluding the murder of Express Messenger
Lane, had been planned carefully. Hav
ing provided himself - with a sixshooter
Ferrell . went to Urbana Friday^porning
and waited for Lane's train. ' .¦wBien* the
train arrived Ferrell went at once 'to the
express car and told Lane that he was out
of money and asked permission to ride, to
folumbus. Lane consented. For a short
lime after the, train l?ft Urbana they
thatted pleasantly.^ki ne sat in the chair
in the end of the ''-4fla i'' 1 his back slight
ly turned. When^TJ'errell had flnally
nerved himself for the crime he 'drew Ills
revolver, stepped up behind Lane unob
served and fired three shots in rapid suc
cession into the messenger's back.- Lane
rolled off his chair and Ferrell tired the
remaining shots at the prostrate body.
Lane v.as unconscious but Ferrell, fear
ing that the" wounds , already, inflicted
would not cause death, took < Lane's re
volver and fired two more bullets Into the
body. . ¦
Charles R. H. Ferrell Tells How He
Accomplished the Robbery of
Adams Express Com
• . pany's Safe.
Killed His Friend to Secure
Money Enough to Get
Married.
CONFESSES TO
THE MURDER OF
MESSENGER LANE
5 HERE will be an exodus of transports from San • Francisco to China before, month is out. Eight vessels are now
being quietly got ready, and some of. them will carry the most formidable instruments of war ever sent out of this
country. On one of the first ships that sails will go a batteryof siege guns, a light battery ana the requisite men
and horses. — •*" f
The Siam is loading with horses and provender at Folsom-street wharf No. 1, and the Aztec is being similarly
loaded at Folsom 2. The Rosecrans and the Strathgyle are to take a siege battery and the accompanying horses and
men between them,- while the Warren will take the colored troops. The Sherman and the Logan are ready to sail at a
moment's notice. The Sheridan will be ready to depart for the Orient in a week .or two. There will be no trouble in
getting all the troops ordered to China away inside of two weeks. «;.;- .
Senator Mason is of the opinion that
Secretary Hay made an ignoble surren
der. During his vis'it to the Porcupine
district the Senator addressed a mass
meeting of miners and heard their com
plaints against the cession of their rich
district to Canada. During his speech the
Senator said he would use his every effort
in the endeavor to have the temporary
agreement set aside by a permanent ad
justment of the question.
Senator Mason is enthusiastic over the
wealth of the Porcupine district, and he
eaid his trip had given full realization of
the great importance of the territory
which Secretary Hay had temnoran y
surrendered to the Britishers. He said
that the property ceded to Canada by the
temporary agreement was rich was
proved to him when he assisted in a
clean-up on claim No. 1 below Discovery.
He and Captain Havey assisted the
miners to take out eighty-four ounces of
gold. This represented the work of six
men shoveling for thirty hours in the
eluices. Further proof of richness of the
VICTORIA. B. Cr, Aug. 12.— After hav
ing personally investigated the effect of
the Alaskan modus Vivendi, from an ob
servation of the teritory affected. Senator
W. E. Maeon and party .returned to £kag
uay from the Porcupine district on Aug
ust 7, having spent a week in looking over
the temporarily established boundary line.
Tee investigation has not changed Sen
ator Mason'6 expressed Ideas on the ques
tion. On the contrary, he is more resolved
than ever to fight for American rights in
opposition to the modus Vivendi.
district was also given the Senator by the
specimen of gold which came out from
there when he did.
Jack Dalton, the pioneer of . that dis
trict, and J. Dalton came to • Skaguay
with the Senator's party from Halnes
on the steamer Alert, and he brought
out six hundred ounces of dust from Dis
covery claim of Porcupine; - The- consign
ment was very coarse gold and Included
a number of goodly sized nuggets.
Mr. Dalton in conversation with the
Senator told him that the specimen was
a very small one for the district, as every
claim under development was turning out
very rich.
While at Skaguay awaiting the arrival
of the steamer Alki, on. which he was to
sail for the south. Senator Mason was
initiated into the Arctic Brotherhood, to
gether with Ely T. Weare, President of
N. A. T. and T. Co.
Captain Rant, who has been appointed
by the Canadian Government as Gold
Commissioner for the Porcupine district,
passed through Skaguay en route there
cn August ;.
The steamer Danube also brings news
that Canadians are doing the trade of the
lower Yukon. They are freely shipping
goods from Dawson and do not have to
pay duty, as there are no American offi
cers on the boundary.
The Skaguay Council has decided to
tax foreign ships landing there.
The body of AValter Monastes, one of
the victims of the Florence S disaster, has
been found. Three men from Douglas
Island and a Juneau man w.ere shot at
with rifle by an Indian hiding behind
cabins on August 6. --
The^Danube brings 175,000 in gold dust.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"General Rundle's task is a colossal one,
and any sane man' would think that
gigantic efforts would be made to keep
him amply supplied with food for his sol
diers. But such is not the case. The men
are absolutely starving. Many of the in
fantrymen are so weak that they . can
barely stagger along under the weight of
their soldierly equipment. They are worn
to shadows and move with weary, listless
footsteps. People high up In authority
may deny this, but he who denies it sullies
the truth. This is what tie soldiers get to
eat, what they have been getting to eat
for a long time past and what they are
likely to get for a long time to come un
less England rouses herself and bites to
the bone in regard to the people who are
responsible for It: One pound of raw
flour, which the soldiers have to cook
after a hard day's march. Is served out
to each man after "every alternate day.
"The following day ne eats one pound or
biscuit. In this country* there is no fuel
excepting a little ox dung dried by the
sun. If a soldier is lucky enough to pick
up a little he can go to the nearest wa
ter, of which there is plenty, mix his cake
without yeast or baking powder and
make some sort of a wretched mouthful.
He gets one pound' of raw fresh meat
daily, which nine times out of ten he
cannot cook and there his supplies end.
"What has become of the rations of
rum, of sugar, of tea, of cocoa, of gro
ceries generally? Ask at the snug little
railway sidings, where the goods are
stacked and forgotten. Ask in the big
stores in Cape Town and other seaporc
towns. Ask in your own country, where
countless thousands* of pounds' worth of
foodstuff lie rotting in the .warehouses,
bound up and tied down with red tape
bandages. -Ask— yes. ask; but don't stop
at asking— damn somebdy high up in
power. Don't let some wretched under
ling be made the scapegoat of this crim
inal state of affairs, for the taint of this
shameful thing rests upon you. upon
every Briton whose home.* privilege and
prosperity is being safeguarded by these
famishing men. The folk* in authority
will probably tell you that General Run
die and - his splendid fellows are so
isolated that food cannot be obtained for
them. I say that is false."
Hale censures the transport people for
their lack of activity and continues:
"Our men on the neld of war are fam
ishing while millions' worth of food is
lying rotting on our wharves ana in our
city, food which ought with ordinary
management to be within easy reach of
our fighting generals. Britain asks of
Rundle the fulfillment of a task that
would tax the energies and abilities of
the first general in Europe and with a
stout heart he faces work in front of
him. faces It with men whose knees
knock under them when they march,
with bands that shake when they shoul
der their rifles— shake, but not with fear;
tremble, but not from wounds, but from
weakness, from poverty of blood and
muscle, brought about by continual hun
ger. Are those men nt to storm a kopje?
Are they fit to tramp the whole night
through, to make a forced march, to turn
a position and then nght like their fath
ers, fought next day? I tell you. no. And
yours be the shame if the empire's flag
be lowered — not theirs, but yours — for
you— what do you do? You stand in your
music 'halls and shout a chorus of songs
full of sentiments, full of pride for your
soldier, full of praise for his patience, his
pluck and his devotion to duty; and you
let him go hungry, so hungry that I have
often seen him quarrel with a nigger for
a handful of raw mealies on the march."
"I will deal now particularly • with the
men who are acting under the command
of Lieutenant General Bundle. This good
soldier and courteous gentleman has to
hold a frontage line from . Wlnburg via
Senekal almost to the border 'of Basuto
land. His . whole front, extending nearly
a hundred miles. Is threatened constantly
by an active, dashing, determined enemy—
an enemy who knows the country far bet
ter than an English fox-hunting squire
knows the ground he hunts over season
after season. To hold this vast line intact
General Rundle has to march from point
to point as his scouts warn him of the
movements of the tireless foe.
"Let me tell you how. our army in Af
rica is treated by the incompetent people
In the good city of London. I pledge my
word as a man . and a jour
nalist • that every ". written ; word is
true. I will add .nothing nor de
tract from nor set down aught [in - malice.
If my statements are proven false, then,
let me be scourged with the tongue and
pen of scorn from every decent Briton's
home and hearth for ever after; for he
who lies about his country at such an
hour as this is of all traitors the vilest.
LONDON, Aug. «.-r-A. G. Hale, repre
sentative in" South Africa 'of the Daily
News,. is the latest war correspondent to
attack the methods and the red tape of
the British War Office. He ! says: 7
¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ - \
Buming Attack on the Bed Tapd of
' ' the British War Office by a
London Newspaper
Correspondent. *
Criminal Negligence on the
- Part of , the -Higher
Authorities. .
SOLDIERS OF
ENGLAND STARVE
ON THE FIELD
MANY KILLED
BY LIGHTNING
IN A STORM
Pour Persons Lose Their
Lives, While Two Others
Are Fatally Hurt.
Electricity.
The Hot Spell Throughout the East
ern Is Broken by a
Violent Display of ,
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— In tho storm
which passed over this section this after
noon four persons were killed In Brook
lyn and two others stand very Uttla
chance of recovering from Injuries re
ceived.
¦Thomas Dunn, i« years of age, was
killed by: lightning while standing under
a tree. • v i :
Frank Valentine wad. crushed. In the
wreck of- his barn that had been set on
flre by lightning and Clarence Week*, a
farmer, who was In the -barn before the
lightning struck It. Is missing.
Chauncey Lay, 16 years of ago, became
entangled In a .broken electric wire ana
was burned to death.
Fannie Byrnes, 17 years old, was badly
burned and shocked In alighting from a
Brooklyn Heights trolley car during the
storm. The arm of the trolley car, broke
and fell upon Miss-Byrnes* shoulder. She
tried to pick it from her arm and was
badly shocked. Her condition is despair
ed of. . .
Angelina Rosa. 30 years of age. stepped
upon a live electric wire and was burned
and shocked so badly that she may die.
At Tecafly, N. J.. Lizzie North was.
killed and her mother and two sisters
were so severely . Injured by a bolt of
lightning that they will probably die.
The backbone of the hot spell was
broken to-day by a. violent thunderstorm.
A large number of prostrations occurred
in the early part of the day before the
storm. • Twenty -two fatalities were re
ported up to to-nlght.
. ¦ In New York the havoc wrought by tha
lightning and wind was unusually severe.
Lightning struck the GUsey House, split,
one of the flagpoles and shock the hotel
to Its very foundations. The great gilt ball
and' a twelve-foot piece of the pole fell
into Twenty.jilnth street. Another section,
of the pole struck the street on the Broad*,
way side. It weighed more than 300
pounds.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 12.— The heat
to-day resulted in seventeen deaths and
.fifteen prostrations. The maximum tem
perature was 99 degrees. -¦ .
USED STRATEGY IN
ARRESTING MADMAN
Special Officer Samuel Daggett used
strategy in arresting a violently Insane
soldier on Barbary Coast Saturday night*
and by employing the tactics that he did
he saved himself a desperate battle, which
would undoubtedly have resulted In injury
to the unfortunate tighter.
About 10 o'clock in the evening Das
gett, who was standing at Kearny ar.d
Pacific streets, was approached by John
Leahy, an Insane soldier, who escaped
from the Presidio some time ago. Before
the officer could realize what had happen
ed the soldier had him by the throat.
Dagrgett immediately saw that the man
was demented and a struggle commenced.
"Shall we charge on the enemy?"
shouted the soldier. "They are pressing
us hard." The speaker imagined that a
crowd of men behind him was a body of
Filipinos.
Daggett s&w his chance to use strategy
and not his club. Breaking himself loose
from the other's grasp he said:
"No. Let us retreat for reinforce
ments." . - •
The soldier. Innocent of any trick that
•was being played on him. followed Dag
gett on the run down Kearny street, at
the head of a curious mob, which served
to make the soldier more spry In his
movements. When California street was
reached E>agget turned the corner ami
lead Leahy into the police station. In
this place he was subdued with the as
sistance of four men, and handcuffed. He
was retunred to the Presidio yesterday.
Canadian Government.
Declares That Valuable Rights of Americans
Have Been Surrendered to the
Senator Flason Returns From Trip
of Investigation in the Porcu
pine District.
WILL FIGHT AGAINST
THE MODUS VIVENDI
BIG FLEET OF TRANSPORTS
SOON TO SAIL FOR CHINA
¦•-.•/ . . . r '¦/"'- ' •
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 13, 1900.
Social - and Entertainment.
'. Ani entertainment^ and 'social will' be
given * by the ladies. In : charge of • St. Pat
rick's ; booth. In . St. John's fancy, bazaar ;
at ¦ Mission ¦ Opera ? Hall,"- between Seven
teenth and ' Eighteenth streets, next " Wed
nesday evening. >; An elaborate programme
has-been -arranged,- and the . ladles :; in
charge promise . everybody a pleasant
evenine'a amusement.
A. dispatch to a; news agency from
Tientsin; says: "Junks -and stones- block
the river . beyond the - advanced . po'sts of
the. allies for a considerable distance; but
the dryness continues and: the country is
In 5 ;" good marching . order, subsldlary
dykes having made the enemy's damming
Ineffective. -It- Is believed that- some -500
have been added to the expedition by the
increaseJn the number of the Efitish na
vah brigade." -
LONDON, Aug. 12.— The Austrian na
val • commander reports- to Vienna that
the 'allies decided to'icst for three days
after the taking of ,Yangtsun. -
the Fall of Yangtsiin.
Allies Took Time to Recuperate After
BESTED THREE DAYS.
ELATION OF MR. WU
OVER LI'S APPOINTMENT
2
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS (lateTrom Eu-
rope), 1013 Market Street, San Franctsco.
Hours— 9 to 5 p. m. Kvenings, 7 to 9 p. re
Sundays. 11 a. m. to 1 p. m
X-RAY EXAMINATIONS.
In order to *lve every-
2gg»cterih.v.r. bod y who 1» «ufTerhsi an
*ttmih*r.*i*mitLl opportunity to have tlwir
rrByfM'feHifj ca»e diagnosed by th«
$BV f *j?yr/rt X-RAY, we will to* the
S^S*M*im»i r ensuing week make txam-
-y?r i ~ ; '*^r7Y ination frr half uur usual
Hrara*S5 } rate-or $2.";o.
tes535k3? L 1Jy th * X - RA * w <? local*
1 ' KT&J-i *PM} the trouble through any
¦"^'yj^rt'^i't » fT'ton of the bo'ly see-
2V\fl\tLi5*£F\ 1"R t!>c tame and making
l-ggf" 1 *' "J photograph* at the pa-
pm>mi'< !*" Uent'a request.
Diseases of MEN.
WOMEN and CHILDREN. CAXCEU and.
CONSUMPTION', diseases of th« BLOOD. Kir A
KEY, SKIN. HEART. LIVER an.t BONESjl
KHEl'MATISM. PARALYSIS. PILES, etc. »
The X-RAY cures when everything *ai!a.
Professional advice free.
PROSPECTIVE
FURNITURE AND
CARPET BUYERS
Will ledrn something to th*lr advan-
tage by giving us an early call.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
Free Delivery WltWa 100 Mllw.
j^S^-^hv tiat raj Kidney Cure
. /5jHSSfl$3^ will cure 00 per cent.
£jy* 3k5^S ooirsplalnt and Jn
$*^ .3^5? msny Instances tie
tfi S^Sff^T^Jf most serious fonas of
r "=f w*v? Bright's disease. II
\r S^jAja the disease Is com-
V > "Zffflffi plicated Bend a fonr-
¦jfcCs- rffalijL ounce vial cf nrlne.
— «afes^"^^f^V We will asaljze It
>sf I giK wbat to do.
±t in drazrliti, fflo. • n«L aa!«J» to neiltb
AJDVERTISEjiSGEINTS.One Chicago man la clamorinjj for the
coinage of a silver 75-cent piece.
Teachers' Annuity Society.
The Public School Teachers" Annuity
and Retirement Society of San Francisco
will hold its regular meeting In the as
sembly chamber of the Board of- Edu
cation on Friday next at 4 p. m. The
tournament committee will make its final
report and turn a sum approximating
$10,000 into the treasury. Miss T. C. Stohr.
financial secretary, will receive dues In
room 1. superintendent's department. In
the City Hall, on Tuesday and Thursday
of this week and thereafter oa Mondays
at 4 p. m.
escaped Instant death. The horses became
unmanageable and ran away. David
Gutman, manager of the Sheep Ranch
companies. Jumped to the ground and es
caped injury. James Muir. a contractor,
Charles Erdin and Louis Ragio. tho
driver, were thrown out and banly
bruised. Another conveyance was se
cured. The party reached here to-day at
noon.
tion became alarming and at noon he was
removed to the Waldeck Hospital, where !
he died six hours later. No arrangements
have been made as yet for the funeral.
James Edward Keeler was born in Illi
nois. September 8, 1857. His parents moved
to Florida while he was still a child, and
his boyhood was passed there. His mother
is living, her home being in Washington,
D. C. His sister is the wife of Dr. T. D.
Day of the United States Geological Sur
vey. She is now in Paris with her hus
band, who Is there on official duties.
DK. JAMES EDWARD KEELER.
director of Lick Observatory, died
suddenly last evening at 6 o'clock
at the Waldeck Hospital of a
stroke of apoplexy, superinduced by heart
disease. He had been seriously- ailing
since Friday last, but death was not ex
pected. '
For nearly a month Dr. Keeler had been
enjoying a vacation from his duties at the
observatory, though making an occasional
visit to Mount Hamilton. Part of the
vacation was spent with relatives of his
wife at their country place on Clear Lake,
some distance from I^akeport. Dr. Keeler
had been troubled with a weak heart for
years. He found last week that he was
Browing worse. In particular he had dif
llculty in breathing. He decided to come
at once to S«n Francisco to put himself
under a physician's care. With Mrs.
Keeler and their two children he arrived
here Friday evening and went to the Cali
fornia Hotel. Dr. M. Herzstein was sum
moned to treat him.
Yesterday morning the patient's condi-
DR. JAMES EDWARD KEELER
CUT DOWN IN PRIME OF LIFE
Director of iLick Ob
servatory Dies of
Apoplectic Stroke
Caused by Heart
Disease.
He Expires at the
Waldeck Hospital
After Short Illness
Following a Vaca
tion Outing.
After his undergraduate course-, young
Keeler went to Johns Hopkins University
In JS<8 for advanced work in physics. He
soon made his mark there and was given
a tellowshlp. He received the degree oC
fi • ,,• amon S the first upon whom Johns
Hopkins conferred that honor. During
his work at that university he was a mem
ber of the solar eclipse expedition sent to
Colorado in 1S78. Before he received his
degree he went with Professor Lansley on
the famous Mount Whitney expedition
for the study of solar physics.
Dr. Keeler went abroad for two years
after leaving Johns Hopkins and rtu.iie.i
with Juincke at Heidelberg and Von
Helmholts at Berlin. In 1SSG he was mads
an astronomer at Lick Observatorv
which position he held with honor until
five years later, when he was elected Di
rector of Allegheny Observatory *o suc
ceed r>r. Langley, who went to the Smith
sonian Institution.
Dr. Keeler was elected Director of Lick
Observatory March 8. 18SS. to till the va
cancy made by the resignation erf I>r. K.
S. Holden. The Regents exercised tne
greatest care in the selection of the new
Director, and the final choice wa.* no*
made until six months after Dr. HoiderTa
resignation. Among those who recom
mended Dr. Keeler for the position were
Professor G. E. Hall of Yerkea Observa
tory, Professor Simon Newcomb of tho
National Observatory. Professor ('bick
ering of Harvard and Professor S. L.
Langley of the Smithsonian lnstitut;on.
Dr. Keeler was one of the most eminent
astronomers in the United States and h:"3
death is' an irreparable loss to science.
His achievements in spectroscopy have
made him famous among astronomers the
world over. Since coming to Lick Ob
servatory he has devoted himself particu
larly to photographing nebulae. He has
had in preparation a very elaborate work
embodying his researches In, that line. He
planned to devote two years more to it3
preparation before giving it to the world.
Now that he is cut down in his prime the
work will remain uncompleted, no one
else being qualified to carry it on from the
point where he left It. m
Vancouver Labor Council Takes Ac
tion Which Officers Declare "
to Be Seditious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 12.— The Van
couver Trades and Labor Council has
passed a resolution that no member of the
militia can consistently be a trades union
ist. They have expelled all members of
the militia from'the unions.
The trouble arose over the recent strike
of fishermen on the Fraser River, when
militia were ordered out to preserve
order. Union men claimed that they were
there really to protect the Japanese arid
fight for them as against the whites. Six
union men have been expelled from the
union membership, and formal notice is
given by the Trades Council that no more
union men in Vanvouver need encourage
intentions of becoming soldiers of the
Queen. Militia officers are very much
Militiamen expelled
FROM TRADES UNIONS
disturbed over the action of the labor peo
ple, and declare that their action Is sedi
tious and the talk of anarchists, scarcely
less serious than treason. The trouble has
caused a sensation all over the province.
INJURED IN RUNAWAYS.
Narrow Escapes of Two Driving Par-
ties Near San Andreas.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .»
SAX ANDREAS, Aug. 12.— Last Even
ing while being driven from Mokelumne
Hill to San Andreas Deputy Internal
Revenue Collector L. C. Wlttenmeyer of
Contra Costa was thrown from his buggy
and narrowly - escaped serious injuries.
The horse became unmanageable on a bad
part of the road and overturned the rig.
Hughes, the driver, Jield fast to the reins,
though thrown into the road, until the
horses were stopped. The buggy was de
molished and the occupants badly shaken
up.
This morning early, while driving In a
surrey from Sheep Ranch mining camp to
San Andreas the four occupants narrowly
Fatally Shot by Bobbers. .
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 12.— Joseph
,J? l!?!-J !l { 5 *' months ending March 1.
l«0. 29.C25 horses were exported an
average price of * 120. u "* "¦"
Hope to Make Bryan ITotification at
Topeka Biggest Political Event
Ever in Kansas.
TOPEKA. Kar.s.. Aug. 12.— Kansas Pop
ulists and Democrats are combining to
make the Bryan Populist notification at
Topeka on August 23 one of the biggest
political events that has ever taken place
in Kansas. Besides the lion. T. M. Pat
terson, who will make the notification
speech, it is btau-ti that Webster Davis
and J. B. Weaver will address the
crowds. John W. iirotd«'nthal. Popullst-
Uernocra.i nominee for (juvernor, predicts
that 50,(K*> Kansas people will come to the
meeting.
WICHITA. Kans., Aug. 12.— George
Locke. chairman of the Democratic Sta^e
i.xtrcuiive Committee, said to-day:
"ijrjan will make one and ptrnaps two
Epeecnes in Kansas berore election day.
One will be at Topeka and the other
fcere."
Ex-Congressman Jerry Simpson has
made the novel suggestion to tne Fusion
tstate Central Committee that women in
vrsted in tuslon success in the coming
campaign snail give entertainments, sucn
as lawn parties, in various sections, and
while entertaining the men in social wayj
tress upon them the necessity for voting
Tor fusion. "I do not think." 6aid Mr.
fclmpson, "that women should take tne
btuiap and make speeches."
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.-Senator Heitfeld
and ex-Senator imbois of Idaho left lor
their names to-night. Their conference
with the officers of the National Com
mittee was satisfactory- The tnree fu
sion elements have a tentative agree
ment by which the State officers are to be
cuvidea between the Populists and the
L»emocratE. and the Senatorship is to go
to Fred Dubois, representing the Free Bu
ver Republicans.
REBELS LOSE HEAVILY
AGAINST THE FEDERALS
Bo Many Killed After the Battle of
Panama That Some Bodies Had
to Be Burned.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Aug. 12.— There
was heavy fighting last week south of
Carthagena, Colombia. The rebels lost
heavily and retreated. Writers describe
the Bufferings of the people as very great.
One Bays that a disorder resembling bu
bonic plague has developed at Panama.
So many were killed in the last battle
at Vun&mii. that some of the J>odies had
to be burned.
Visit the New King.
HOME. Aug. 12.— King Victor Emmanuel
III rc-eHv»d COO members of the Senate
and Chamber of Deputies to-day, who de
sired to acknowledge their devotion to the
t^rcne and to the present king.
Newark Sails for Cavite.
WASHINGTON. Aug. J2.-Acting Secre
tary Hackett of the Navy Department has
revived a dispatch from Admiral Kempff
the crui.^r N.-wark. his flagship.
T^fc* tailed from Nagasaki for Cavlte.
POPULISTS PLAN FOR
A BIG DEMONSTRATION
Yuba County Estoppel Suit
Demands Action of Min
er's Association.
There are signs of renewed war be
tween the miners and the farmers as a
result of the decision of the Superior
Judge of Yuba County In the Injunction
case against the diggers of gold. Owing
to the fact that the decision clashes vital
ly with the Caminetti law and prac
tically makes it a dead letter, there Is
much anxiety among the mining men,
and they want to ascertain where they
are located as between the Federal law
and the law laid down by the State
court. In consequence, a meeting of the
executive committee of the California
Miners' Association has been called, and
It will endeavor to-day to solve the
difficult problem that has been pre
sented. .
The Yuba County court issued an in
junction against Nichols brothers of Dutch
Flat, enjoining them from continuing
their operations as hydraulic miners. The
clash arises over the fact that the.par
ties In question were operating by a per
mit issued under the law by the legally
constituted Commissioners. The Cam
inetti law was supposed to be the re-
Juvenator of hydraulic mining in this
State, but the action of the up-country
Judge knocks all the calculations into a
Jumble. A part of the business of the
meeting will be ' to ascertain whether
the enjoined miners were working
within the provisions of the law and
properly Impounding the debris.
If the restraining dam and other
appliances of the company in ques
tion were legal there will be trou
ble to prove the fact. and if
the Nichols brothers wen» evading the
provlBions of the statute there will also
be trouble, for their plant was supposed
by the miners to be all right, and they
looked forward to successful operations
in the future. In whlqh the farmer would
not suffer, while the gold seeker would
mane "good money."<
In connection with this mining situa
tion, which blockades hydraulic work
throughout the State, the committee will
hear a report from ex-Congressman Cam
inetti and Attorney General Ford regard-
Ing their successful efforts to secure the
Immediate application of the Caminetti
law. It is anything but an easy problem
to solve, for It not only involves mighty
business Interests, but politics affecting
the election of a Congressman. There ap
pears to be war in the air, and to-day's
meeting should develop it The meeting
is to be held at «h» Palace Hotel, and
other Important matters are to be
brought up.
TANGLE OE LAWS
REGARDING THE
HYDRAULICKERS
Philpot and Frank Craig, both wealthy
stockmen, were fatally shot near their
homes three miles from Nodaway, Mo.,
early this morning by two men who at
tempted a hold-up. The stockmen had
visited the St. Joseph market with cattle
and the robbers doubtless expected to se
cure a large sum of money, which had
already been deposited in a bank there.
¦
Jhe £ay'$ Read
Madame Camacho.
Frantz Bentz.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Madame Cama
cho, wife of the Minister of Railroads of
Mexico, died suddenly this afternoon on a
Pennsylvania Railroad train as it was
leaving Newark en route for Jersey City.
Madame Camacho was 27 years old. She
was bound northward in search of a
lower temperature.
BERLIN, Aug. 12.— Frantz Bentz, the
well-known Wagnerian singer, died m
Berlin to-day.
VETERANS GATHER.
Meet to Organize the Society of the
Army of the Philippines.
DENVER, Aug. 12.— Veterans of the
Philippine war and their friends began ar
riving to-day to attend the reunion which
begins to-morrow. The first meeting will
occur at 2 p. m., when the organization of
the Society of the Army of the Philippines
will be effected. In the evening a public
meeting will be held, at which speeches
will be made by Governor Thomas, Sen
ators Teller and Wolcott. General Mer
riam, General Francis V. Greene, General
Ower Sumner, General W. S. Metcalf
and other prominent men.
Letters of regret were received to-day
from W. J. Bryan. Governor Roosevelt of
New York and Secretary of War Root,
who had, been invited to attend.
STSITCK BY LIGHTNING.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Nine persona
who Bought shelter under trees Jn
the woods in the . Bronx section
during a storm thfs evening were
struck by. lightning. They were
James Brown, a Hungarian tailor of
this city, his wife and five children, and
Bertha Leschowitz and Bertha Silverman
They were taken to Fordham Hospital.
At a late hour to-night attending physi
cians said they thought Mrs. Brown, two
of her children and Bertha Silverman
could not possibly live. The physicians
said Bertha Leschowitz would either die
or become hopelessly insane. The par<y
were camping out.
Invalid Attempts Suicide.
NEEDLES, Cal.. Aug. 12.— William Car
rothers, 52 years old. an invalid, shot him
self six" times in the head this afternoon.
The man came here from San Bernardino
two days ago. None of the shots were
fatal. His mind is unbalanced. He used
a cheap 22-callber % revolver, which' ac
counts for his being alive.
May Pass in Bond.
VICTORIA. B. C., Aug. 12.— The Can
adian customs authorities have decided
that all American whisky will be allowed
to pass through Canadian Yukon territory
in bond.
Social Dispatch to The Oil
SAN' RAFAEL? Aug. 12.— The body of
Miss B^s-ple Warren, who was
drowned 'July 13 while sailing with
Tobias J. Kelly, was found last
eight in the bay about a quarter of
a mile above the El Campo picnic
grounds end off shore from a place
krnwri a> Xaylurvilie Camp.
Between U and 31 o'clock last night S.
Prarsm. Victor Emanuelson and L. J.
K'jcra went down to ih^> shore In front
of thptr ccir.z* and sauntered cut on the
o.<i \ iKorii Powtler Coim'-a-ny's wharf.
Tl)<> tide vas fairly high. They had stood
o:i the wharf but a few minutes when
they noticed an object floating in the
\vi»icr about 110 feet frcra the tr.d of the
•whari. In the moonlight it looked as
though it might be a human body, and
th< v determined to invesUsate.
They procured a boat, and rowing out
discovered it to be the body of a woman.
Making fast to it they to-^-e<l it to the
htaefc. where preparations were made for
itf- tare. Groping about in the moonlight
a vide r>lank was secured. This was
tal-"«*n to the water's edge an<l passed cut
under the floating body. Several men
waded out to the enu of the board, and
with the aid of the men on shore the
bVdy of the unfortunate young lady was
taken out cf the T.atcr. whero !t had been
for ri<ror!y a month. The body was tak«?n
to the c:d powder house, where it was
kept over night. It happened that at the
time of the discovery several campers
were on the b^-ach digging clams. They
assisted in taking the body to its crude
Fheltcr.
So certa.:i were the men that the body
was that of Mi?s Warren that they im
mediately notified Coroner Eden and the
young lady's family in San Francisco.
The Coroner went to Tiburon this morning
iind made preparations for the inquest.
A portion of the jury was secured at that
place and the balance near the scene of
the find.
Two friends and neighbors of the "War
ren famll^. Miss Irene Day and T. !>.
Haskfl, came from the city early this
morning and attended the inquest. The
)>rocef dings wrre very short. Several wit
v.esses testified as to how the body was
found and then came the identification by
MIfs Irene Day, who ha-d a small piece
of the material of which the dress that
Miss Warren wore on the fatal day was
made. This alone was enough, but fur
ther evidence for identification was dis
covered in a small gold cuffbutton, with a
diamond setting in the center, which was
found in the left cuff on the body. Several
small rings were found on the left hand,
which, tojretheowlth a pair of white duck
ties, plainly established the identity of the
body.
The body has been in the water several
weeks, and the bay had not treated it
kfndly. Nothing was left of the features,
the right arm was gone, but the left, more
Native Sons Making Active Prepara
tions to Join in Admission
Day Festivities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUMA, Aug 12.— Sonoma County
parlors of the Native Sons have decided
to Jointly participate in the semi-centen
nial celebration. Extensive preparations
are in progress and an effort will be made
to adequately display the resources, prod
ucts and hospitality of this section of the
State.
The parlors of the "Windsor Hotel in
San Francisco have ,,been secured for
headquarters during the celebration.
They will be lavishly decorated and liber
ally stocked with wines and fruits,' which
already have been promised in great
abundance. Open house will be maintained
day and night.
It is expected that at least two hundred
Sonoma County natives will participate
in the parade. They have been assigned
to the same division and will be arrayed
in similar uniforms. The Healdsburg
band of eighteen pieces has been secured
for the occasion.
Sonoma Parlor will have as Its distinct
ive feature the antique carriage in which
General VaJlejo used to ride. Occidental
Parlor will have in its ranks during the
parade a survivor of the Donner party,
while Bear Flag Parlor of, Petaluma will
have one of the pioneers who assisted in
the raising of the original Bear flag. ¦
Delegates from the various parlors met
Saturday night at Santa Rosa and elected
L. W. Julliard of Santa Rosa, J. T. O'C«»n
nor of Healdsburg and F. A. Costello of
Petaluma to make all necessary arrange
ments.
NAPA PRIMARIES.
Republican County Committee Fixes
the Date as August 25.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, July 12. — The Republican County
Central Committee met Saturday after
noon for the purpose of preparing to call
primaries and a county convention. The
committee rescinded Its former call, which
had been made in compliance with the
Stratton primary law, and followed the
instructions sent out by the State Central
Committee. The primaries for electing
nine delegates to the State Convention at
Santa Cruz and forty-seven to the local
convention will be held on Saturday. Aug
ust 25. It was decided to hold the county
convention, at which an Assemblyman
and three Supervisors will be nominated,
at Napa on Thursday. October 4. The nine
delegates to the State Convention will
also sit in the Congressional and Sena
torial conventions.
TRAFFIC DELAYED.
Washouts Along the Northern Pa
cific Cause Much Damage.
HELENA, Mont.. Aug. 12.— The present
d^lay along the Yellowstone River be
tween Glendlve and Billings on the
Northern Pacific Railway is the worst
known In this section. Two steel bridges
were wrecked and about twelve nils
washed out. The sudden rise of the water
was caused by cloudbursts. Five west
bound passenger trains are waiting for
the breaks to be repaired. The north coast
limited of Friday, east bound,. transferred
passengers with a west-bound special to
day. Railroad men are of the opinion that
it will take until about Wednesday to get
the track In shape for the through tratne.
DATE FOR PRIMARIES.
San Luis Obispo Politicians Prepare
for Their Elections.
Special Dispatch to The Call. V
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 12.— The Re
publican County Central Committee has
decided upon August 25 as tne date of
primaries and September 22 as the date
of convention for this county.
The Democrats will hold primaries on
Tuesday and the county convention en
August 23. Both county conventions will
be held at San Luis Obispo.
Shoe Factory for Napa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Aug. 12.— Through the efforts of
the local Board of Trade, Napa Is to have
a new shoe factory. The citizens have sub
scribed a bonus of $7000 toward the estab
lishment of the proposed new enterprise.
The firm that is to locate its factory here
Is the Kast-Glanvillc-Nolan Shoe Company
of San Francisco. The company will
probably be ready for business by Janu
ary 1. 1901. .,
Rich Gold Strike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash.. Aug. 12.—
News has just reached here of an ex
tremely rich strike, of gold quartz on the
properties being developed by Charles D
Lane of San Francisco and associates, on
Red Mountain In the Mount Baker district
east of here. The claims upon which the'
strike was made are located but a short
distance . south of the British Columbia
line, not far from Chilllwack.
Hurt at a Logging Camp.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 12.— John Giistavl
son met with an accident that nearly cost
him his life yesterday.
. He was greasing skids at Dougherty's
logging camp and fell before a load of
logs. His right arm was nearly torn from
the shoulder and his scalp ; was almost
severed from his head, The wounds were
filled with' grease and dirt. He will prob
ably recover unless blood poisoning de-
Gustavson'ls but 19 years of ago.. #
SONOMA COUNTY PARLORS
WILL BE REPRESENTED
fortunate, had caught in the folds of the
dress and was thus protected. The small
hand looked o.ulte natural. Contact with
the rocks and wreckage of the bay had
torn the dress to rags, and the body was
terribly bruised.
After the inriuest the jury returned a
verdict of accidental drowning and the
body was turned over to a San Francisco
undertaking firm and shipped across the
bay on the 1:10 boat.
It Is believed by many who know the
bay that It was Miss Warren's body that
was seen drifting out of Richardsons Bay
some days ago and reported in The Call.
At th»* time it was thought tha.t a strong
current had carried It into the straits.
The finding of the body last night seema
to strengthen this theory.
.On July 15 Miss V.'arren started out
with 't'obias Kelly in a frail Pratt to -wit
ness the yacht races. They did not return
at the expected hour, and the next day
searching parties visited every cove and
Inlet in the vicinity of where they were
last seen, but no trace of the missing
couple could be found. A party of yachts
men told of having seen a small boat go
down in Raccoon Straits, and the search
for the living gave place to one for the
dead. The body of Kelly was found near
Vallejo two weeks ago.
The funeral of Miss Warren will take
place to-morrow (Tuesday) afternoon at
2 o'clock from the residence of her pa
rents, 2215 Van Ness avenue, this city.
FINDING OF BODY OF THE UNFORTTTNATE YOTTNG WOMAN DROWNED IN THE BAY JULY 15.
Found Floating Quar
ter of a Mile Above
El Campo by a Party
of Three Campers.
Features Are Unrecog
nizable but Clothing:
and the Jewelry Are
Identified by Friends
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 12.-Assistant District
Attorney Edwards has filed an informa
tion In the Superior Court charging Fred
and Frankie Himes and Elmer Martin
with murder. They will be arraigned be
fore .the higher tribunal in a few days,
when a date will be lixed tor their trial.
Whether the boys will be tried separate
ly or together has not yet been decided.
The District Attorney expects to encoun
ter considerable difficulty in securing: a
jury to try the case, inasmuch as the
crime has been given tne greatest pub
licity and the boys have many sympathiz
ers on account of their extreme youth.
Mrs. Archie Combs, a sister of Fred
Himes' mother, called on the boy at the
jail to-day. She had just returned from
Santa Cruz, where she attended the
funeral of Hime3. Mrs. Combs told Fred
that he had many friends at Santa Cruz
who would testify regarding his father's
cruelty to him. This encouraced the lad
and he was apparently in a happy frame
of mind when a Call correspondent called
on him a few minutes later.
"How is the air outside?" he asked, run
ning up to the grating from a little table
in his cell where he had been plaving
solitaire. He Joked about jail life lor a
while and then laughingly told the cor
respondent that notwithstanding all his
father's friends in Santa Cruz only twelve
carriages attended the funeral.
"The boys over there," said he. "sent
word to me that if I needed arfy help to
call on them."
The boy was very voluble and began to
discuss his prospects for acquittal. "Be
fore I heard Frankle's statement," he
declared, "I had a good deal of hope, but
now I don't, know what will happen.
Frankie lied. They took him up there and
got him rattled and he told everything.
He said father only whipped me once or
twice. That was a He. He lied, too. when
he said I poisoned father twice. I only
gave him one dose."
Assistant District Attorney
Takes Further Steps in
the Prosecution.
Young Fred Himes Laughs and
Jokes in His Cell When Speak
ing of His Father's
Iteath.
INFORMATION
AGAINST FRESNO
BOY POISONERS
BAY GIVES UP THE BODY
OF MISS BESSIE WARREN
THE SAN r FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 13, .1900.
3
THE LATE JAMES A. KEELER.
1|| A IZ.jU CllcVlOI J§|
H'iV-H When we call them $i2.co suits we mean that we have sold lr : :V~iil
Ev"'iffl tne suitls f° r $12.50, and customers considered them good suits for @)f:'S
||>"VSb the price. The suits are as good now as they were when people g. : ->||
B^;:H were satisfied with them at $i2.co. Of course, the assortment is fifel!
not as complete, but that's the only difference. Yet, we have almost ra^li
n*>>'@ every one's*size, say from to 44. v • M'V^
B'^'B saving of $^.6ij is all due to our Remodeling Sale — prices HfV^'H
H''''>'ra are cut ' n a^ to et custorners t0 overlook the noise and incon- Sr^'/B
BvV*:h venience they encounter when buying — and, incidentally, it is these l|w'Sil
S'*'i'B a^ P r^ ces al are keeping us busy. @S-S
m}M Ready=riade Suits Youths' Suits fel
K^fl FanCy CheVi ° tS and blaCk Clay W0 " s,z« J r^n^ S but S^.r%^^rn;l^l
!¦;.*/• Eg steds of better quality than the above worth $7.50, f8.co and {900; now cut to 9'**t*H
n'^-'H su '^ s » as t^ e y so| d once for $15.00 — q» q — tm •'/:*» |ra|
B/":*B about four months ago. The assort- h>^-O^ a su lt w^-'S
can get what you want ; price HrltQ ot"'*^-W'
fa"''"" Wi also stylish shapes — nats that arc sold for $1.50 g| r^.*»".re
B??B Made=to=Order Suits i^i
ra'-*-;ra We have just taken some more Si 3. 50 is^f^il
W~ : M and 3l5lO ° " U ' tS and drapCJ th£ Cl ° th G^ If and stiff-bosom shirts, In percale andS?&g|
J i.|S ready tor you to pick out a suit and madras Dair ot separate link cuffs with eachra)V'gS
have made to order for shirr, detachabl; lay-down collars with some ;S';?: 1 :^COME UP WITH THE COIN
Ca!. jrlarf rruit l'-r r>>r Tt> m Tnwnitnd *
There is something funny in the announcement that
the Mexican Government has begun an elaborate sys
tem of national irrigation of arid lands in that country
while we are still treating the subject as if if involved
,1 problem too complex for solution. Shall Uncie
Sam have, to go to school to Mexico to learn how to
manage his farm? "•
Various foreign companies have concessions for
constructing about 5000 miles' of railway in China, arid
the chances are that any one of them could be had at
this time quite cheap for, cash.
The Gold Democrat who said he would not vote
for the best man in the country if he stood on the
Kansas City platform, nor for Bryan if he stood on the
best ! platform ever drawn, has neatly expressed the
sentiments of the business elements of the country.
Neither the candidate northe platform could be made
acceptable under any circumstances.
"Now. madam, there is something about
you that I should like to see about an inch
shorter." . ' •
"Then.*' said the old dame, handing him
the scissors, "cut it to your liking."
"Come, then, good woman." said the
parson, "put out vour tongue."— Spare
Moments.
In a certain village cf Kent there lives
an old lady known as "Talkative Sal."
The parson showed too much linen at his
wrist for her liking, so one day, meeting
him In a lane, she said:
"Excuse me, parson, but would you mind
my cutting about an Inch off your wrist
bands, as I think It very unbecoming to a
clerical man?" ... . ,
"Certainly," said the parson, and she
took from her pocket a pair of scissors
and cut them to her satisfaction.
Having finished, the parson said:
AN EXCHANGE OF CUTS.
The other day a married couple were
walking down one of the main thorough
fares of a north country town and the
husband, noting the attention other
wnirien obtained from passers-by, re
marked to his better half:
"Folk nlvver look at thee. I wish Id
married some one better looking."
The woman tartly replied:
"It's thy fault. Dusta think a manil
stare at mo when you'rt- walking wl' me?
Thee step behind and thah'll see whether
folk don't look at me."
He hung back about a dozen yards ana
for the length cf the street was surprised
to see every man his wife passed state
hard at her and turn round and look after
her when she had passed.
"Sal lass!" he exclaimed, I was wrang
an' tak f it back. I'll nlvver say owt about
thy face again.", . t .
His wily spouse had accomplished the
trick by putting out her tongue at every
man she met.— Tit-Blta.
NO WONDER THEY LOOKED.
SOLDIERS* R1GHTS-E. R. Manila, P.
I. Congress did not pass an act allowing
Boldiers who served in the Spanish-Amer
ican wax a deduction of time in which
to obtain a patent, in case they took up
homestond land in the United States af
ter discharge from the army. Congress
has. however, said that if a man who had
taken up n piece of land as a homestead
onlisted as a bcldler- he would be con
sidered as not having lost hia residence
upon the land during the time he served
in the army. .
IN THE NAVY-A. M., Gilroy. Cal. If
a man joins the United States navy he
enlists for a stated time and Is required
to serve that time, unless discharged for
Physical" disability or good cause. If he
deserts ho is liable to arrest at any time
and the punishment depends upon the cir
cumstance of the case. The pay of men
in the navy Is rated according to the po
sition. A landsman Is paid $16 a month
and an ordinary seaman $10.
NOT ENTITLED TO PENSION-N. N..
City. The widow of a man who died of
disease contracted at the expiration of five
years in the United States revenue serv
ice is not entitled to pension unless hf-r
husband while in the revenue service waa
thore detailed from either the array or the
nnvy.
ENTITLED TO PENSION— W. B. S. S..
City. If a man becomes sick while in the'
naval service of the United States, is
treated for many months In a United
States naval hospital and is discharged
from the service for physical disability
ho Is entitled to apply for a pension.
DENTAL REGISTRATION-Tesla, Cnl.
One who desires to practice dentistry In
the State of California must be registered
and to be registered must apply to the
State. Board of Dental Examiners, of
which G. S. Bachman of San Francisco
} S $io e presldent - The fee for registration
FAILURES— E. O. S.. Oakland, Cal. The
failures In the United States In 1829 were
9393: liabilities $123,132,679. In 1S98. 12,205;
$149,057,039. In 1S97. 13,351. $154,332,071. In
1896, 15.0SS; $226,006,834. In 1S95, 13,197; $173.
1&6.060. In 1S94. 13.SS5; $172.992,S56. In 1803,
15,212; $316,779,SS9. ;_
ENLISTED MEN— TV. B.. City. A man
who enlists in the United States army
must serve for the time cf his enlistment,
unless sooner discharged for cause. He
cannot, like a commissioned officer, ten
der his resignation at any time that he
might wish to do so. ¦'*: ¦ - '
Congress did not pass an act directing
that all who enlisted in the army between
March 4 and July 4. 1S0O, should be dis
charged on July 1, 1900.
NO SUCH BILL— A. B.. Oakland. Cal
REDEMPTION OF PROPERTY— S. I..
San Lucas, Cal. The law allowing prop
erty sold after foreclosure to be redeemed
within a year was approved February 28.
1S97.
RAZZL.E RAZZTL.E— C. M.. City. The
highest throw In razzle dazzle Is five aces.
BACHELORS— G. S. D., Drytown, Cal.
There is a publication devoted to bach
elors known as the "Bachelor's Book."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The duty of every honest Republican at this time
is plain. He who has not registered should attend to
it at once. He who has not enrolled should straight
way do so. The fight for genuine Republicanism in
the city, the State and the nation cannot be won by
talking. There must be action. Register and enroll,
and then see to it that your friends do the same.
The contest is to be an important one for the State
as well as for the nation. Free silver cranks, free
traders, Populists and all other political vagarists or
fanatics have banded together under the lead of Bryan,
and there is, therefore, in the national field an oppor
tunity to defeat all of them at one swoop. Some
thing of the same sort is to be found in the State con
test. The railroad is fighting to obtain control of the
Legislature, and all the local bosses have combined
with it. Herrin, Kelly and Crimmins work together,
and the Democratic bosses are lurking in the shadow
ready • to help them. Thus the whole corrupt and
corrupting forces of the city are on one side. A vic
tory for genuine Republicanism now will crush, the
whole gang.
When you have registered, then enroll yourself in
the Republican club of your district and attend all its
meetings, so as to keep in close touch with the cam
paign at every step uf its progress and ready to act
in behalf of genuine Republicanism and honest poli
tics.
GET your name on the great register. There
are a good many of you who have neglected
that duty of a citizen. The closing days of reg
istration will see a rush at the Registrar's office, and
then it will be troublesome and inconvenient, by rea
son of the rush. Better attend to the duty at once.
REGISTER AND ENROLL.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.-F. H. Bushnell of
Sari Francisco is at the Wardorf ; Timothy
Hopkins of San Francisco is at the Hol
land; John Knight of Los Angeles is at
the Aator; H. V. Reeves of Alameda Is at
the Park Avenue,
CAIilFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Why does the association which is supposed to rep
resent the honor of the bar of San Francisco permit
a self-confessed criminal like Chretien to retain the
richts of an attorney? Why is James Taylor Rogers
allowed to continue to practice at the bar? The issue
i« one which the better members of the bar cannot
evade. It is up to them. If Chretien and Rogers are
not to be disbarred, the public will make a shrewd
guess at the reason why.
Thus far the press has done its full duty in trying
to bring the guilty .attorneys and their fellow-con
spirators to answer for the wrong they have com
mitted not only against the rightful heirs of Sullivan
but against society itself. The Grand Jury has acted
and the court has upheld the action of the jury. To
that extent all is satisfactory, but there remains one
other power in the community 'from which action is
expected, but from which no action has come. What
is themntter with the 'Bar Association?
Frederick Hansted, charged with connection with
the conspiracy, is now in jail in this city, arid asserts
he came back for the purpose of meeting the charge
and proving the falseness of it. He has declared he
will go into court this morning "refreshed and ready
to prove that the charges made by Chretien are false
as he has been proven."
The testimony Hansted is likely to give and the
proceedings against Rogers will doubtless aid ma
terially in bringing to light any still hidden secrets of
the conspiracy which The Call was fortunately able
to expos- in time to prevent the final distribution of
the estate. Possibly, in the new light which .is thus
to be thrown on the affair, some other rascal may be
brought w thin reach of the law, and thus justice be
able to attain a completer triumph than would other
wise be possible.
JOHN T. GREANY, Assistant District Attor
ney, has begun proceedings to collect from
James Taylor Rogers the $500 fine imposed upon
Rogers for his refusal to answer questions before the
Grand Jury in relation to the conspiracy formed for
the purpose of looting the estate of the late Joseph
Sullivan.
THE B0R ASSOCIATION.
Recent reports are to the effect that the French
Government having made successful tests with wire
less telegraphy over a distance of sixty miles is to
adopt an extensive system of such telegraphy along
the French coast. By and by the yellow journals will
learn that wireless telegraphy has come to stay and
then they will get in and claim it as a scoop.
It appears the British are not to be permitted to play
a lone hand in the Shanghai district of China, for it is
said the Kaiser has resolved to send 5000 Germans
there to take part in the game, and now if the Mikado
would send some Japs over to assist the Russians in
Manchuria the lone hand terror that has been disturb
ing the powers would vanish from the horizon.
As far as San Francisco and California are con
cerned, much depends on the' course of events in
China. If a general war results there the demand for
fr-rm and orchard products in this market will be
rrcatly stimulated, nr.d indeed agents for different
rovcrnments have for several weeks been nosing
about among the commisison mcrchints for future
nt-otations. in view of a possible war demand. But it
China proposes peace, and obtains it. we will have to
do without this extra call for our products. In any
ovrnt. there will he a good movement in produce thU
fall, so the outlook for California is very good.
In the local situation there are few changes. The
agricultural outlook 'n California seems to be getting
better day after day. though the improvement is grad
ual. It has been pointed out in this column for two
mocthi that all crops are smaller than anticipated in
the spring, and buyer.- of all products, having finally
discovered this, are paying increased prices. This is
notably true in wool, hogs, grapes, dried fruit of all
kinds, canned fruits nnd vegetables, barley, oats^atid
hay. not to mention a number of minor products of
the soil. The reduction in tho wheat yield has not re
sulted in any marked improvement, because wheat is
vox a local but universal proposition, where the pro-
of the whole world has to be t:\ken into con
sideration, thougha decrcieein the yield of any one
important country of course modifies the situation
more or less.
In fact, the great staples are showing more tone.
The improvement in wool, which set in several weeks
ago, continues, and the primary markets all report
more activity, while the manufacturers are also buying
more freely. It is remarked, however, that this in
creased movement is ?t the expense of new business
as orders are not up to expectations. The Chinese
trouble has diminished the demand for coarse raw
cottons, but the other grades are less affected. The
spot demand for dry goods has been checked con
siderably by the hot weather, but fall orders are com
ing in more liberally. There are also heavy engage
ments for iron and steel products, particularly at
Pittsburg and Chicago, and steel bars are $4 per ton
higher in the West, where the manufacturers have sold
their output op to 'he close of the year. The pro
duction is being steadily diminished by further shut
ting down of mills, and it is supposed that this is help
ing the market. The boot and shoe trade continues
<!ull and unsatisfactory, and hides and leather are
still in the dumps, -xcept here in California, where
an improved demand for leather has lately been ob
served. It U noteworthy that the sharp decline in
quotations which characterized the spring months has
ceased, and that there is a reactionary movement
toward firmer prices for some goods.
TR^DE APPARENTLY IMPROVING.
7"* RADE reports from all pans of the country
s-how little change in the situation from the
previous week. Some profess to see improve
ment in certain lines, ,and it is noteworthy that none
teport any further decrease in business, which is a
good though negative sign. The bank clearings
show the same comparative decrease, week after week,
that last week being j6.2 per cent, the largest five
cities exhibting a loss, while the number of second
and third rate cities showing a gain is distinctly larger
than of late, which- is another indication that general
business throughout the country is gradually working
around to a firmer basis. The failures last week were
177. against 136 last year. When it is considered that
the weather last week was intensely hot all over the
country, from the Rocky Mountains to the Atlantic
seaboard, and that hot weather invariably checks
trade, it will be seen that if business were still de
clining in volume the loss in bank clearings would
be greater than the average for the past few weeks,
which is not the case. Hence, the inference is natural
that there is really an improvement in commercial
r finHitinnc
Miss Rose Hooper, daughter of Major
Hooper of the Occidental Hotel, returned
from Europe yesterday. She was absent
three years and spent the most of that
period in studying the art of painting.
She made great progress and returns well
satisfied with her work.
John A. Gill, the well-known railroad
man, left for the Sound last night. He
will visit Seattle. Tacoma and Victoria and
return in about ten days.
Frederick M. Biggerstaff arrived from
New York on Friday after three years'
study of the piano in Berlin, Paris and
London.
"W. F. Prisk of Grass Valley, member
of the Legislature and a Journalist. Is at
the Occidental. Ho is accompanied by his
wife.
J. L. Sperry, proprietor of the hotel at
the Calaveras Big Trees, la stopping at
the Occidental.
J. D. Bradley, a prominent officer of the
Pacific Improvement Company, Is a guest
of the Grand.
j Dr. P. T. Turner of Stockton, accom
panied by his wife, Is In the cltv for a
few days.
"W. T. Ellis Jr., a prominent merchant
of Marysvllle, is registered at the Grand.
I>r. B\ K. AInsworth of Los Angeles is
at the Grand.
Judge R. N. Baskln of Salt Lake City
Is registered at the Occidental.
Frank H. Farrar, a prominent citizen of
Merced, Is stopping at the Grand.
P. W. Reed, a wealthy Guatemalan
planter, is a guest of the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The German battleship ¦WittHsh.neh.
launched July 3 at Wllhelmshafcn. is tho'
first of a new type of which five are to hn
built. The other four, known as D. E. F,
Q. are tr> be distributed to Schirhan at
Dantzle. the Germania yard at Kiel. Vul
can yard at Stettin and to Weiheims
hafen and will shortly be taken in hand.
These five battleships are an Improve
ment on the Kaiser type, their dimensions*
being 413.6 feet length. 6S.83 feet beam and
24.83 feet draught, displacing 11.500 tons.
They will have triple screw engines of
lo.OWV-horsepower. calculated to give a
speed of ID knots arid have a bunker ca
pacity of l'lOO tons. The armament con
sists of four 9.6-lnoh guns In two 10-inch
turrets, eighteen 6-inch quick-firers in
broadside and turrets, protected by 6-inrh
armors: twelve 3.32-inch, twelve 1.43-Inch
and eisht machine guns, making a total
of fifty-four guns. The axis of the for
ward heavy guns will be SO feet above
waterllne and of the after guns 21.5 feet.
The ships will have two torpedo tuhf>s
on each broadshide. one In the stern anil
one\n the stem. The Krupp armor belt
Is from 9 inches to 4 Inchrs thick. Tho
cost of each ship is estimated at 5I.1^2.5*H)
for hull and machinery. $l.i">O.0Oi» for arr^i
ament and $177,500 for torpedoes, a toii^
cost of $c..590.000. which is only $300,000 lesi
than the cost of the American battleships
Alabama and Kcarsarge of about 12.0m
tons. The Wtttlesbach will be ready for
her guns by April 1, 190*
The French submarine boat Morse does
not appear to be a great success, as com
pared with the Holland type adopted in
this country- The Morse Is 120 feet in
length, 9.2 feet beam and displaces 146
tons. She has a surface speed of 12.3
knots with two and a half tons spars
buoyancy and her endurance under that
condition Is 150 knots at a speed of 5U
knots. She can be submersed in four
minutes and It requires fourteen mlnutea
to turn her completely around. When en
tlroly submerged and using electric motors
only for propulsion her traveling distance
is twenty-five miles at eight knots and
ninety miles at five knots. The comple^
ment is one officer and nine men.
British naval vessels have nicknames
bs well as merchant ships and the people
that man them. The battleship Resolu
tion prior to being fitted with bilge-keels
was dubbed the "rolling Resolution." but
as she has got over that uncomfortable
feeling the old name has been dropped
and she Is called "Rcso" for short. The
Prince George Is known as the "O. P.,"
the Mngniflcent as "Magnificat." "Mag
gie" or the "Mag." "Hannah Ball" la
what the sailors call the Hannibal, and
"Jew Peter" comes pretty close to Jupiter.
The Howe is known as "Anyhow." the
coast-guard ships are known as "Gobies,"
the Trafalgar is abbreviated to "Trafy"
and th« Nile is nicknamed "the Jew."
A commission has been appointed by
the British Admiralty to inquire into the
causes of failures of water-tube boilers
In the navy. The Inquiry will go thor
oughly Into the subject and the report will
be of the greatest Interest and value to
naval and mercantile people. The boiler
trouble Is practically confined to the ¦
Belleville type alone, and as France Is
steadily Increasing its use In the navy
It would Indicate that no trouble Is ex
perienced with the Belleville boiler In that
country and that its alleged failure in the
British navy Is chieflly due to Inexperi
ence and Ignorance of stokers and engi
neers In her Majesty's navy.
The British cruiser Europa is alleged to
have consumed coal at the rate of flv«
pounds per horsepower during her recent
voyaire to Australia. On the other hand
the battleship Goliah. fitted with the
same type of boilers as the Europa. used
only two pounds of coal per horsepower
on her run from England to Gibraltar.
This extraordinary discrepancy would
Indicate that the fault lies with the boiler
room force rather than with the boilers.
The supplementary British naval esti
mates for the present year amount to
$6,a-fS.50O, among the items of which are
$1,753,000 for the purchase of five torpedo
boat destroyers: $400,000 for bulldinjr a
repair ship and JSS.OJO for the placins of
Maxim prvins where old machine sruns
were hitherto used. The supplementary
estimate brings the total naval estimates
for the year up to $143,959,500.
The turbine propeller boat Viper was
tried for speed on July 13 off the River
Tyne for one hour. On two continuous
runs over the measured mile the boat
nveraped 36.S3 knots, and the average
of six runs was 36.58 knots.
Another dock is to be built at Chatham
dockyard, bringing the number up to ten.
equal to that of the three principal navy
yards in the United States.
NEWS OF THE NAVIES
t
Oh, I long for the glow of a kindly heart
And the clasp of a friendly hand.
And I'd rather live in Bohemia
Than In any other land!
Oh, I long: for the glow of a kindly heart
And the clasp of a friendly hand!
And I'd rather live In Bohemia
Than In any other land!
There are no titles inherited there:
No hoard nor hoj>e for the brainless heir;
No gilded dullard, nobly born
To stare at his fellow with leaden scorn.
Bohemia has none but adopted *>ons;
Its limits— where Fancy's bright streamruns —
Its honors— not garnered for thrift or trade.
But for Beauty and Truth men's souls have
made.
To the empty heart In a Jeweled breast
There Is value, maybe, in a purchased crest;
But the thirsty of soul soon learn to know
The moistureless froth of th« social flow;
The vulgar sham of the poiSpous feast
When the heaviest purse is the highest priest.
The organized charity, scrimped and Iced
In the name of a cautious, statistical Christ;
The smile restrained, the respectable cant —
"Where a friend in need is a friend in want!
Where the only aim is to keep afloat
And a brother might drown, with a cry In his
throat 1
THE following poem was written by
John Boyle O'Reilly, the Irish pa
triot, and was published in an edition
of his poems. Tbe book is not at pres
ent in print. John Mason recited the
touching verses last week In one of his
sketches at the Orpheum. So manv- re
quests have been made of the popular
young actor for tbe lines that he Kindiy
loaned a reporter of The Call a copy of
them.
O'REILLY'S BEAUTIFUL
LINES ON BOHEMIA
SALLY SHARP
• • •
There was a delightful bit of romance
connected with the marriage of Trudle
Curtis and Alfred Donau. Donau was al
ways boasting that he was Immune and
that there was no woman who could steal
his heart from him. And Trudle Just went
down to Arizona to see her father's vast
mining possessions there. She saw and
conquered the vain . boaster, and their
marriage Tuesday was the result.
however, than was originally Intended.
The death of Mr. Follls* father brought
the young people back from foreign
shores. Mr. and Mrs. Follis are the guests
of Miss Lillle Follis at her elegant homo
out on Washington street.
Mr. and Mrs. James Follis are back
after an extended honeymoon trip, shorter
They are telling us to look out for the
engagement of the blonde Consul and
dainty Miss — . No, I won't tell her name.
It really would not be fair until it is an
nounced. They will make a very hand
some couple, she dark and he fair.. I
hope It is really a betrothal, for she 13
sure to have a handsome wedding. • Her
sister Elizabeth had and her dear, girl
ish looking mamma is not likely to slight
her youngest daughter.
• * *
ton Latham. News from Nome Is none
of the best and Milton has not succeeded
as ¦well as he wished and hoped. Come
back. Milton!
MISS ALICE HAGEB.
Other constituencies may well profit by the wis
dom of the Republicans of the Fifth. The Repub
licans of the Third have set them a good example.
Mr. Metcalf's rcnomination being now assured he
should be re-elected by an overwhelming vote. He
merits the support not only of all Republicans but of
all independent voters and of that strong body of
conservative Democrats who are desirous of ridding
their party of Bryanites who are now controlling it.
It is an issue that appeals to all citizens, for it means
that California in Congress shall be inferior in power
and influence to none of her sister States.
The people of the Fifth District have long re
elected Mr. Loud term after term, and they have now
the satisfaction of seeing him chairman of one of the
most important committees of the House and within
a measurable distance of the Speakcrship itself. He
is sufficiently prominent to be regarded as an as
pirant for that high office, and consequently he has
a much more potent influence in all matters of legisla
tion than a new man could possibly have, no matter
how eloquent and energetic he might be.
When all California constituencies learn the advan
tage of having experienced men at Washington, Cali
fornia will* attain to her rightful prestige in the
Union. The older States have long since learned of
that advantage and consequently their power at Wash
ington is altogether out of proportion to their wealth
and population. A long term in Congress gives a
man an opportunity to learn the characters of the
leaders on both sides, to understand the workings of
committees, to make influential friends, to confer fa
\-ors which will be reciprocated, and in a hundred
ether ways acquire a personal influence in the House
which he can exert greatly to the advantage of hi3
constituents.
The record of Mr. Metcalf s first session in Con
gress gives promise that in him California will have an
able and influential representative. Speaker Hender
son and several of Mr. MetcalPs colleagues in the
House have borne witness not only to his fidelity to
his State and to his steadfast industry in attending
to his Congressional duties, but to his aptitude for
the work required of him. He makes friends easily
and has the faculty of retaining them. Few mem
bers in their first term attain so much success as he
has done, and it would have been a political blunder
of the worst kind had the Republicans of the Third
District set him aside for the purpose of electing a
new and inexperienced man to take his place.
CALIFORNIA IN CONGRESS
UPON the victory of Congressman Metcalf in the
Republican primaries in the Third District all
Californians may unite in congratulations.
There is nothing in this to reflect upon the character
of his principal competitor, Mr. Dalton. The satis
faction in the vote for Mr. Metcalf lies in the fact_
that it shows that '.California, constituencies are be
ginning to understand the importance of re-electing
to Congress representatives who have rendered faith
ful service and who have acquired in the House that
experience which is necessary to every member who
aspires to influence there.
MONDAY AUGUST 13. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .
Add-««i All Communicator* to W. S. LEAKS. Manner.
MAX AUCR'S OFFICE T S}^^^ZSS^J^.
I'l'ULICATIU.X OFFICE. .Market nnd TUird. S. F.
T#-I«t>Jio-j«- Press 2oi.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 KtevenaoB St.
Telephone PrCM 202. - %
DrllTrrrd *»? Currlrr*. IS C«-n«« Per W«rrlc.
5lf!K>«- Coptra, 5 Crntn.
Terra* !»» M.nll. Including PoMn«ei
D*.rLT CALL, (lnclufllr.i Sunday). ©n# year **•*>
PAILT CALL, (Including Sunday). < months 3.04
l.'AH.Y CALL. <1r.s-!u<5!r.p bundar). * months ................ 1.50
r>A!L,Y CALL— By Slnple Month «5o
BCKDAT CALL. 6n» Ymr 1-M
WKEKLT CALL. One Tear LOO
AJ1 |iu>nui>l<r> are xnthnrlird to rrcrlre
•shiirrlpdoa*.
S*xnpl* oc&les «111 be forwatded wbei requiated.
Mall PubwHb»-~» Is ordering change of a<9dr**« should be
particular to flir botli NEW AND OLD AHDHX3S in order
to lusurw a prompt nnd correct compliance with their request.
UAKLA-Mi OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C dEORGE KROGNESS. '
Veneger Foreign Ad-ertisinj, Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Lobk Di»unc« Telephone "Central 2CTV)
XEW TORK COimESPOVDENT?
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN a SMITH 30 Tnbun* Building
CTIICAOO NEWS BTANDS:
Fherman Route; P. O. Kews Co.; Great Northern Hotal;
TVesaoct llcuae. Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK 2CEWS STANDS:
tViiicrf-AMr ria Hotel; A. Brentaao, tl Union B<jua.r»f
Kurray hlU HouL
WASHINGTON D. C\ OFFICE „.'.... Wellington Hotel'
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspandent.
KRA.tCP OFFICES -CJ7 Montgomery, comer of Clar. op«o
until 9.38 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. CSS
McAUlttter, oppn until » JO o'clock. 614 Larkin, ojxn until
1:80 o'clock. «« Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2251 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cyen until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until a o'clock. 1G« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N'W oor
¦ver Twexujr-second and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.'
• • •
We are all dreadfully sorry about Mil-
• • •
The riding school has a new riding mas
ter. Captain Dillon was so ill that he was
forced to resign. Wasn't It kind of the
directors of the club? Their thanks to
Captain Dillon for his long and splendid
services went with a well-filled purse.
Captain Dillon Is over at San Rafael try
ing to win his health back.
* ? «
I met Marie Wells the other day, just
back after a stay at Monterey and a trip
to Tahoe. She was brown as a berry, and
oh! hew becoming. It was.' Of course she
had.been doing any amount of horseback
U-in g " + °/ er t0 §an Ra'aei goes Miss
ittells to-day i O r a few days' stay with
Wfc tfi U t UiUl ousln . M * r >« Oge. and then
hn« «J tow n for the present. Miss Wells
has made what she believes is a wonder
general C0Very re^ ardln S Englishmen in
TTn^i 16 "*^ 0 " meet them first," said sweet
Marie -they are so cold and forbidding;
bu T twhen you get to know them-ohl"
Thnt'/f^ PVer B f; ft ' Marie's eyes sparkle?
; "oh}' way they did it when she said
• • .
_ Everybody is to meet at Del Monte to
day, and there is not one pretty girl- in
my set who will be missing. Personally I
H H- i ffisaaseas .as
6 #reTt a o n n K^°
Addie Murphy is going down to Del
Monte to-day. She Is so petite and dainty
well to beware when she is around.
VmlaT } h&n a " the debutantes
put together, and certainly beloved by all
the young people, is dear old Mrs. Eleanor
Martin We owe half our entertaln-
Thtnt 3 i?*£ er# . and she « n ters into every
thing with quite as much vim as if she
r e btnnv lnSt , ead of -*°- Arid she ha S lf such
Tw£ P r P 1^ 3 -" 1 w ay with us girls.
Ihl, l e , S s . ometh *ng so delightful when
she smiles her approval. All the men seem
to follow where she leads. If she likes a
girl the men like her, too, but that is not
the reason we all want her to love us.
Down at Del Monte she is Just the life of
the place, and she has given more lunch
eons and dinners than all the other guests
put together.
SALLY SHARP GENTLY PRODS
THE APPLES IN THE SWIM
"JQ-aVERY one of us girls owes a vote of
; H% thanks to Alice Hager; she has
jl ¦? broken away from the hard and
fast rule which makes a chaperon
a superfluous incumbrance. She has gone
her way beautifully Independent of
silly custom, :ind has constituted herself
all the chaperon she and her sister Ethel
need. We girls have always thought a
chaperon all kinds of a bore. It la not
unusual for the chaperoned party to have
to ko e p a watch on the chaperon. That
is why. we are. all looking: up to Alice
Hager Here's to her good common sense
that declares a sensible, self-respecting
girl Is a fit guardian for her younger sis
ter and that her own dignity is all the
protection she needs
By the display of that spirit the victory in. com
mittee was won, and by the exhibition of the same
sentiment and resolve the victory in the primaries
will be won. Boss candidates of the type of Dibble
and Wolfe cannot be elected in this campaign.
Those men have been tried in office and it has been
found that they represent neither the Republican
party nor any other class of the people. They are
indifferent to their constituencies and to the State
They are for themselves and for such corporations as
are noted for affiliation with corrupt legislators. No
such man will be permitted to masquerade* as a Re
publican this year. California needs an honest Legis
lature, and it is the duty of Republicans to do their
uttermost to supply that need.
In the contest in the County Committee the tools
of the bosses were beaten only because the stalwart
Republicans told them plainly they would not sub
mit to the control of Herrin, Kelly and Crimmins.
One honest member after another rose and warned
the gang that boss dictation would result in the defeat
at the polls of any corrupt rascal the bosses nomi
nated. They declared emphatically the decent Repub
licans of the different districts would not permit their
party to be dominated by Herrin, Kelly and Crim
mins. As Mr.- Metzner put it: "Republicans who sup
ported Horace Davis will not submit to be deprived of
their rights by the bosses."
I It is to be borne in mind, however, that what has
I been accomplished is nothing more than opening a
! way for fair dealing at the primaries. It is a sure
( thing the bosses will carry their fight there and make
it with all the vigor they have. It is not a battle they
I are going 4o shirk or to enter upon with any feeling
! of indifference. The Legislature that is to meet this
winter is to apportion the Assembly,, the Senatorial
and the Congressional districts of the State, and the
apportionments once made will stand for ten years.
Should the bosses have control of the Legislature
they can so gerrymander the State as to have virtual
domination in many cf the districts of each class. It
is to achieve that object Herrin is now working hand
1 in hand with Crimmins and his partners. It matters
! nothing to the "respectable" Mr. Herrin that Crim
| mins has been charged from the witness-stand in open
j court -with getting a 25 per cent rake-off from the
' profits of skin gambling games in return for "protec
j tion." In the game Herrin is playing any partner will
i do. Moreover, as his boss, Mr. Huntington, has fur-.
1 nished him with a long spoon he feels safe in supping
I with the devil.
It is against that gang of Mint saloon toughs and !
• loafers, joined with the railroad supporters, that the
I honest Republicans of San Francisco have to make
I the fight in the primaries. To achieve victory there
needs resolution, unity of action, organization and
that universal earnestness among the rank and file
which will bring to the polling booths every public
; spirited and honest member of the party.
BY reason of the firmness of the men who 'rep
resented and upheld it in the Republican
County Committee on Saturday evening, the
cause of genuine Republicanism and honest politics
attained a victory over the combined forces of the
railroad and the Mint saloon bosses which promises
to yield' important results. By that victory a scheme
of the bosses to obtain control of the primary elec
tion boards was defeated, and decent Republicans can
now expect an honest supervision of the election of
delegates to the county convention.
HONEST/ IN POLITICS.
Bear in mind the money is needed at once. Sub
scribe to-day. Let the committee in charge of the
celebration have the $50,000 before the end of the
week. Come up with the coin. .
Over and above such benefits as the city will derive
from the multitudes who will attend the celebration
are those that the city and State alike will share in the
repute which California will acquire by this new
demonstration of her wealth and her prosperity. The
attention of Eastern capitalists and home-seekers -will
be drawn to the State by the evidence of the richness
of her resources and the public spirit of her people,
and as a result we shall acquire great profit from this
patriotic form of advertising.
The festival will bring thousands of visitors td the
city and the trade of our merchants will be at once in-
Creased. From their hands the money will flow into
the general channelsof trade and tKere will be a quick
ening of activity in si! lines of industry. What San
Francisco contributes to the celebration will be re
turned to her tenfold either directly or indirectly.
stimulation of public spirit, and the effect of the
stimulus will be felt not only in the glory of the holi
day, but in business and in enterprise. It will revivify
popular ardor in the progress of the State and go far
toward promoting every important movement for the
development of our resources.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, 5IONDAY, AUGUST 13, 1 900.
The : Santa Fe will eel! tickets . to . Chicago
and.return on August 21an<i 2J.at the very
low rate of J72 GO. good for sixty dayi. This
Is a very low rate and la open for all. They
will tell you all about it at «2S Murket aired.
As this is not to be a j'e'.Jow dog year with Repub
lican*, all the bosses might as well withdraw their can
didates and save them for the next bench show
\V. B. "Word claims to be the champion
wolf catcher of the country, basing his
claim on the fact that he appeared In
Rapid City, S. D., recently with 332 pelts,
244 of the gray wolf and seventy-eight of
the coyote. The bounty on the lot amount
ed to ?S10, which is the largest, wolf
bounty ever paid to one man so far as is
known.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1012/ •
. This is an issue that appeals at once to the patriot
ism and the pockets of the people. The money ex
pended in making- the celebration the most splendid
ever known on the Pacific Coast will not be, wasted.
Such outbursts of patriotic demonstration tend to the
SUBSCRIPTIONS to the Admission day. cele
bration fund are now in order. It is time to
set about in earnest at the work of preparation,
for the date of the festival 15 rapidly approaching.
Money is needed, and it is needed promptly. Before
the close of the week the $50,000 expected from San
Francisco ought to be subscribed and in the hands
ofthe committee. Come up with the coin.
? i
4
AUCTION SAXES.
Ey Chsse and MenSenhall— This day, Horses and Mules, at
172 Market street.
By *v '.Vat kins— Monday. August 13. at 11 o'clock. Honses.
at Twelfth and Harrison etret-ta.
By Occidental Horse Exchange— Tuesday, August It, at 11
o'clock. Horse*, at T21 Howard street.
Ofjihfum — Vaudeville.
Grand Oiwra-House— "Trilby."
California— "The Drownirs in Fairyland."
T!voli— • •Othello."
Alcazar— "A Suit of Sable."
Columbia— "Heartgease."
O'ymp.a. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
?venlr.j.
Fis-her' b— Vaudeville.
S'jiro Iiaths — Open Nigh'jj.
Stato Fair. Pacramento— September 3 to 15.
AMUSEMENTS.LOST HIS MONEY AND
THEN TOOK HIS LIFE
¦ The easiest man in : the world to bunko
Is '¦ the man : who : has enough .- success to
make him :. have ¦ confidence In his
own Judgment.— Life.
Whales at the Cliff.
Pleasure . seekers at the beach were
treated to an unusual attraction yester
day. A school of whales came up "to
blow", not far out tosea. and enjoyed a
pleasant spout in the sunshine. The mon
ster mammals attracted much attention
and were watched by thousands until
they "sounded" and returned no more.
Though the crowds were large at the cliff .
park. Chutes and baths, no accidents were
reported during the day. Forest Seabury's
high dlvlng.was the feature at the Chutes,
and the crowd - at the baths was enter
tained by the usual aquatic contests.
UNFORTUNATE FINANCIALLY, HE FOUND LIFE A BURDEN.
THE body of H. F. Eggers was found
lifeless lying on the floor of a room
he had recently hired at 1079 Howard
street at 9 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing. The body when found by a roomer
In the house was stretched on the floor
a fev.' feet from the door and partly
dressed; lying beside it was an old-fash
loned revolver with one chamber empty.
A stream of blood flowing from the man's
mouth told the story.
The Coroner's office was notified and the
body removed to the Morque.
Later in the afternoon It was ascertain
ed that Kggers had left a chest at the
residence of C. XV. Groth at 1071 Howard
street with the request that it be used an
firewood. To this same person the de
ccaspo 1 gave $120 last Friday with the re
quest that if anything should happen to
him the money was to be used in cremat
ing his body at the Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery. On examination of the content? of
the chest a will was discovered which
was executed on Hay 17 In which Eggers
left all his property to Frank Stegemann,
with whom he had been living in Peta
luma since February 15 last. . Eggers
bought the place and Invited Stegemann
to go up and take care of It and of him
solf as lonp as he lived. The property is
worth about $1000.
The deceased was a native of Germany.
He left there in 1S5S and on his arrivel in
California he engaged in mining. He made
some money which he invested in a gro
cerv store at the corner of L<eavenworth
and O'Farrell • streets. Having sold : out
there he located at Mason and Jackson
streets and made more money. On both
occasions he sold out to his friend Grcth.
"What money he made in the grocery busi
ness he spent in paying assessments on a
lot of "wildcat -stock -that he had become
possessed of and In the end he found him-A
self almost penniless and in broken down
health. He was over, 70 years of;age and
had never been married. •* In his. will he
declared thnt he had no relatives, in this
country and requested that Stegemann
see that his body be cremated. ,
The united lodges of the Order ot Her
mann's Sons held their annual outing and
moonlight picnic at Shell Mound Park
yesterday. The attendance was -large.
Besides the ten lodges of Oakland,*Berke
ley, ¦ Alameda and San Francisco many
friends participated In the pleasures of
the day. The principal feature of the oc
casion was dancing in the big pavilion
among the trees. The success of the af
fair is due to the following- committee of
arrangements: R. Balbrusch. (chairman),
F. Fortman (secretary). F. W. Rose
(treasurer). YT. Miller, C. Thiele. Frank
Gunther. Charles -Kimpel. ¦ W. Luddecke,
F, Voighthelander, J. Wrade.
Hermann's Sons' Outing.
Chilean Consul General Shows Cour
tesy to Fellow Countrymen
From Training Ship.
Hon. J. Aatorgas Pereira. Consul Gen
eral of Chile at this port, gave a farewell
luncheon to the officers of the Chilean
man of war General Baquedano last Fri
day at the Occidental Hotel.
The dining room was elegantly decorated
with the natl6nal colors of the United
States and Chile.
Speeches were delivered by Hon. J.
Astorgas Pereira, Consul General of Chile,
and Commander Wilson ¦ of the General
Baquedano. Seated at the banquet board
were Hon. J. Astorsas Pereira, Consul
General of Chile, H. Aldunate, : ex-Consul
of Chile, and the following named officers
of the General Baquedano: Commander
A. Wilson, Lieutenant E. Errazurlz, Lieu
tenant E. Eastman. Dr. J. Monecal and
Paymaster M. Alvarez.
.After the banauet the officers were the
guests of the Chilean Consul at the
Columbia Theater, where a pleasant even-
Ing was spent.
ENTERTAINED BAQUEDANO
OFFICERS AT LUNCHEON
Proximity to a fire ensrine house does
not insure one against danger from
flames. A woman in Chicago recently
moved near a We?t-sid«» engine house, and
the very next day her gasoline prove
blew uu and set fire to the house, which
burned to the ground.
La Lista, fire dancer; Baby Ruth Ro
land and Seabury In his sensational high
dtving are among the new attractions at
the Chutes and Zoo.
• • •
The Orpheum offers an exceptionally
good bill this week, as usual. Mrs. Bessie
Blitz-Paxton will appear, as will also
Bennett and Stembler. Macart's wonder
ful dogs and monkeys, Sam Morris and
company and good hold-overs from last
week.
"A Suit of Sable," a new play by a San
Francisco playwright. Miss Charlotte
Thompson, will be produced by Miss
Florence Roberts and White Whlttlesey
at the Alcazar Theater this evening.
"Sapho" will be revived next week.
The popular "Trllbv" will be revived
this evening at the Grand Opera-house,
with Wilton Lackaye in his most famous
role of Svengali. Mary Van Buren will
play the title role.
Owing to the enormous demand for
seats for "Othello" and "Rlgoletto" and
the heavy preparations for "Tannhauser"
and "Mignon." the Tlvoli Opera-hou3e
has decided to continue "Othello" nnd
"Klgoletto" for another week, beginning
with next Monday, August 13. "Othello"
will be sung on Monday, Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday nights, while "Rlg
oletto will be heard on Tuesday. Thurs
day, Sunday nights and Saturday mati
nee of next week. All seats purchased for
the performances of "Tannhauser" and
"Mignon" for this week can be ex
changed seven days ahead, commencing
with to-day, for the week of August 20,
when "Tannhauser" and "Mignon" will
positively be produced.
"Heartsease" will continue to be the
programme at the Columbia Theater
until Wednesday evening next, including
Wednesday matinee. Anthony Hope's
comedy, "The Adventures of Lady Ur
sula." wil follow for the remainder of the
week, and next Monday evening the piece
de resistance of the* Henry Miller season,
"The Only Way," will be put on.
The fifth lecture of the Burton Holmes
series is announced for next Thursday
and Sunday evenings at the Columbia
Theater, the subject, "Moki Land."
TO a full house the "Brownies" open
ed yc-sterday afternoon for a week's
engagement at the California. There
are more than a hundred children in
the cast and in this hundred there
are more juvenile stars than can well be
counted. The flowers, it appears, were
greatly troubled with beetles, and to rid
themselves of the pest Queen Flora, God
dess of Flowers (Lillian Rhodes in
civil life) appeals to Prince Aidebaran,
ruler of the lirownie band, and he, or she,
for Alice Condon, the young "Bessie Bone
hill " takes the part, bends his shapely
knee and vows to do battle in defense of
the queen and for her lavor. She sings
her thanks, and followed by little \ era
Albor«-U, who leads a small detachment of
cupids. she takes her place on a throne
with the prince, and the flowers pause in
their flight and the Brownies pause in
their march until the talented little people
of the company can take the center of
the stage and do their turns. Maude
Sorensen does some clever dancing and
some pinging nearly as clever. Queenie
Tilton. a tot not table high, sings rag
time iike a dark daughter of the South,
and Lillian Rhodes, tho queen, slng3
prettily and with expression. There are
others "in the cast, too, who sing and dance
like veterans, and the number of them is
evident from the order— "positively no
encores." The "Brownies" will be played
every night this week with matinees on
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sun
day.
AT THE THEATERS
Captain Jordan was tnlcen sick a month
or so ago and started East to see a spe-
There is trouble among the pilots. The
Commissioners are ruling with a rod of
iron, and, apparently, those who are not
out-and-out Gage ro«?n are getting the
worst of it. Once or twice durinc the
present administration there have been
suspensions, but only for a few days.
Now two of the best-known men in the
service have come under fire and both of
them have Rot the ax.
Captain Newell B. Jordan has been sus
pended for thirty days and Captain
Charles W. Reed for sixty days.
Sixty Days.
Good Excuses by Both Men Availed
Them Not — Jordan Got Thirty
Days and Reed
Two of Them Were Sus
pended by the Commis
sioners Last Week.
SOME PILOTS
HIVE TROUBLES
OF THEIR OWN
The California Naval Volunteers who
served on' the tugs Iroquois, Active and
Vigilant during the war are to have a
banquet at' the old Poodle Dog on the
night of August 27. The reunipn will be
a most enjoyable one.
William Judd, late chief officer of the
Sacramento steamer Aurora, left the ves
sel Saturday night, but turned up Sunday
morning to go to work. Cantain Martin,
ordered him oft the ship and Judd showed
fight. Judd was treated at the Harbor
Hospital by Dr. Dorr for .a compound
fracture of the nose, caused by a belaying
pin. ,
There was a great old time in docking
the Occidental & Oriental Company's
Gaelic yesterday. The first attempt to get
her alongside the wharf failed. . The tide
was running like a mill-race and hawsers
would not hold. Then she was backed out
into the stream and anchored. Another
attempt was made, but it also failed, so
the mail boat was run across the end of
the wharf and the crew came ashore. At
hir-h tide the vessel was finally got along
side the wharf.
Water Front Notes.
The briK Pitcairn also arrived from
Nome yesterday. She was thirty-live days
making the run.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer St. Paul Is held in quarantine at
Aiigel Island. She arrived from Cape
Nome via St. Michael early yesterday
morning, but was refused pratique, as
smallpox is said to be prevalent at Nome
and Oolovln Bay. The chances are that all
hands will be held over at Angel Island
for at least a week. The St. Paul brought
down four boxes and two cases of treas
ure, valued at a million.
Held in Quarantine.
The British ship Giencaird that left
Newcastle, N. S. W., a week behind the
La Bruyere made port a few hours ahead
of her. The Giencaird weathered the
Three Kings at the north end of New
Zealand and in that way beat the French
ship, even though the latter had a start
of a week.
The tug Relief went at once to 'the La
Bruyere. A number of insurance men
went out in launches, but one and all
found that the smoke and steam were
coming from the donkey engine. Captain
Lesage did not want to worii his men, so
ho had the ttrts lit under the donkey
boiler in order to pump out the bilges.
There was a great scare on the water
front --yesterday. The French bark La
Bruyerv, ninety days out from Xewcastle,
N. S. W., was reported from Point Lobos
as passing In on fire. The smoke seemed
to be pouring out of her hatches and the
steam that curled upward from abaft the
main seemed to show that water was
being poured on the heated cargo.
Causes a Commotion in In
surance Circles.
Busy Donkey Engine of La Bruyere
FRENCH BARK REPORTED
ON FIRE OFF THE HEADS
The explanation did not suit the Pilot
Commissioners, and Reed was suspended
for sixty days.
Jordan and Reed are two of llie most
capable pilots in the service of the State.
Captain Reed was detailed to. take the
transport Grant to Sea. When he reached
the vessel the master told him she would
not to go tosea until next morning. Captain
Reed verified this at the transport office
and went home. Late at night it was de
termined to send the Grant to sea. and as,
Reed was not on hand another pilot had
to take the Grant out.
clallst. Before going he notified the Pilot
Commissioners. Each pilot is licensed to
serve for a certain length of time, and
while he was away Jordan's license ex
pired. Friends in the city notified him of
the fact and he hurried home. His de
mand for a renewal of his license met
with a stern refusal, and the result was
a trial and thirty days' suspension.
THE body of William Rufus Wheat
on, somof Mr. and Mrs. George
H. Wheaton, who died from pneu
monia after a sudden illness, ar
rived to-day on the steamer St. Paul
from Nome City. The family had re
ceived advance news of the death
of the young man. and arrange
ments were made to have the remains
brought home as soon as possible. There
will be some delay from the fact that the
steamer was ordered into quarantine up
on arrival at San Francirco because of
smallpox existing at Nome City. ,
Immediatelv upon the release of the
vessel the body will be taken to Oak
land, where the funeral will be held, if
possible, on Tuesday.
When the Nome excitement broke out
Mr. Wheaton went to the new mining
camp in the Interests of the company.
He contracted pneumonia there and lived
only five days after he was stricken.
He was one of Oakland's popular so
ciety men and was only 2S years old when
he died.
The death of young Wheaton was a
sad shock to his many friends In this city
and Oakland. For several years
he had been a trusted agent of the Alas
ka Commercial Company In Alaska,
where lie had charge of much of that cor
poration's extensive business.
Mr. Wheaton was stationed at St. Mich
ael for a time during the Dawson boom.
Then he went up * the Yukon to Circle
City, later to Dawson and then back to
St. Michael.
THE LATE WH/LIAM B. WHEATON.
I raised. For this thanks should be ex
. tended to Captain of the Post Jarvis and
' Dr. Carl, vtic, tosjetiier with the mili
tary, have worked nobly to achieve this
i end. Nome, which at the beginning rc
1 SLmhled a cesspool more than anything
! else, is now clean and la good order. This
¦ has been brought about oy the splendid
I work of Dr. James E. Miiler of the army,
; who has sanitation aj his share of the
j general good work.
l :i£.>rt.uva!ely this condition could not
j prevent the death from pneumonia of W.
j R. Wheaton, the cashier of the Alaska
i Commercial Company, which occurred
Friday last as the result of a five-day
I Illness. Wheaton. or "Brick," as he was
1 familiarly and affectionately known, was
I about the most popular man in Nome, ar.d
; his death is looted upon in the light of a
; general calamity. Before coming to Alas
' ka he. was with the firm of J. A. Folger
j & Co. of San Francisco, ami was one of
I the leaders among the younger members
; of the smart set on both sides of the bay.
\ Services over the corpse were held in tne
; Alaska Commercial Company's freight
shed to-day under the auspices of the
; Society Brothers, of which he was
; a member. Every one in the entire camp,
, irrespective of social cast or occupation,
: attended, and there v/as not one in the
¦ entire assemblage but who had something
! good to ?ay of the young fellow whose
unhappy end had come just as he was
, making his preparations for a visit to his
i home.
McKee*s Suicide.
Another sad occurrence was the suicide
: of Lester Howard Frank McKee. a Sun
¦ Francisco boy. who shot himself on Anvil
, I'reek v. bile temporarily insane. McKee
was a native of San Francisco and about
; SO years of age. He was at one time a
¦ member of G Company, First Infantry. I".
• S. V., and was employed in the office of
, the Strckton water works before leaving
I home for this place. McKee leaves a
I mother and sister in San Francisco to
: mourn his loss. He was buried here.
i Still another death is that of Ole Holder).
| a carpenter, who fell and broke his neck
; while working on a building that is belnf»
j erected here. Nothing was known of him
! beyond the fact that he w.is a member of
j *he Order of Red Men and had been for
| many years a resident of San Francisco.
I A body was discovered in the sand of
; the beach Thursday last by some men who
j were engaged in laying pipe. It was
badly decomposed and had no floubt been
buried for a long time. Tart of the skull
| was so crushed ;<s to lead to the supposi
i tion that murder had been committed,
i This theory wa^ strengthened by the find
: ing of a large hammer near by. The body
; has not yet been identified, but the au
: thorities are still actively at work on the
; case.
Several pood things, in a mining way.
i have been reported. The beach is said to
; be paying $20.<w> a day. and it probably is.
i This sounds big. but when one remembers
: that about 3000 nren are working it. it does
j not sound so good. Many prospectors are
j out on the hills, but as yet they have not
! come !n to tell us of their find:?. Some
| very rich bench diggings have been found
! on the divide between Anvil and Dexter
: creeks.
Refused 860,000 for a Claim.
A. Lorine- is the namaof one owner who
refused SGO.OOO for his claim. People think
him foolish, but he says he has a good
thing and means to stick to it. There are
a number of other rich claims in the im
mediate vicinity, but they suffer from the
same scarcity of water that is affecting
the output of the creek?.
Notwithstanding these Isolated cases
the camp is a cheap one and ia dal'v grow
ing eheai>er. Prices are tumbling all
along the line. Canned vegetables retail
at 25 cent?: meats are at 33 1-3 c?nts: a
can of butter may be purchased for 50
cents; flotir is onlv $2 50 a sack: milk and
cream are had at 23 cents: eggs are quoted
; at ?11 and J12 a ease, and me.ils that only
I cost 50 cents may be eaten. This !•? a fall
j of about 50 per cent all along the line.
Indigent poor continue to multiply and
| their care Is still an unsolved problem. A
[ subscription has been started to provide
i medic.il attention for the penniless sick,
but I fear that only enough will be collect
ed to show the lmpotency of the char
itably inclined.
BY FRED J±. HEAL1T.
Special Correspondent of The Call at Nome.
NOME, J-uly 9.— Judging from the
passengtr lists of the b;g stram
erp that have been arriving from
the outside during the last few
days the Nome fever is com
mencing to abate and the temperature of
those afflicted -with the gold craze is rap
idly getting down to normal. The first
boats of this latest lot to arrive were the
Valencia., Orcgcr. and San Pedro, whose
combined passenger lists showed only a
total of 113 souls added to Nome's popu
lation since the Robert Dollar. Charles
Nelson and Centennial have come in
and the St. Paul has arrived at Su
llichael, sending her passengers over
here on the Dora. These vessels have
come up nearly as light as did the first
three.
The rush hoir.c. however, is getting
heavier every day ar.d the diflerer.t trans
portation companies i:i their efforts to
tpcure full r>a.sc-r.ser lists are cutting
rates in a way that would turn the
•whiskers of E. O. McCormlck gray in a
¦week. The different companies em;)ioy
runner; 1 , spielers ar.d sandwich men, who
traverse the streets ia all directions in
search of the cold-footed, who thoy hold
up and force a ticket upon if given the
slightest chance.
This is a good thinp for Nome, whose
population can stand a decrease of W.000
ar.d still leave the city sonvwhat over
crowded. The only unfortunate thing
about this rush to return home is that
It dors not seem to affect the criminal
classes.
Surplus of Undesirables.
The town is pimply overrun with
thieves, thugs, dissolute women and all
rour.d hard cases. This element is at
present kept wei! in hu:id by the military,
¦which, under the command of Capiain
French of the Seventh Infantry, is doing
Itself proud. But as soon as darkness
ccmes and the soldiers give way to civil
lars something: is poir.g to happen.
Xotwithstiindingr this general depres
sion, there is "somethin' doin' " all the
time, ar.d new metropolitan improve
ment? are daily becoming manifest. Nome
now has water works. . a telephone and
meesenper eyvtear, one railroad almost
complete arid another projected. The
completed line belongs to Captain Lane
and is live nii!es in length, running from
tidewater to the head of Anvil Creek. It
opens up the Anvil uud Dexter creek',
which, with their tributaries, constitute
the basis of Nome's linancial prosperity.
The read has been in working order som«i
three weeks. This road has cost about
S12.00Q a mile or twice as much as the
same construction would figure up at
home. On the line there is one 500-foot
trestle and a 24-foot drawbridge. The
projected read is an enterprise of much
greater magnitude. It will run from Port
Clarence to Golovin Bay and will open
up the vast mineral belt In the interior
back of Nome. New York and London
capitalists are said to be backing the
project.
Another enterprise of considerable mag
nitude Is the construction <".f an army
rirst at the mouth of the Nome River.
The work is under the charge of Major !
Van Orsdale. It is rapidly approaching I
completion, and when finished will b*» ;
able to furnish accommodation for about j
fcnlf a repiment. thoush only two compa- ]
riee. •will bo stationed there during the
coming winter.
Good reports are coming In from all
the mining districts along the coast, but
that is about all that is coming in. Many
of these are startel by boomers, who
have something to sell, though here and
theie some real strikes have been made
The country is undoubtedly rich, but has
not yet even commenced to develop, nor
will it until tht- miner3 get water to work
with.
Sanitary Conditions Better.
Disease has considerably decreased, in
fzrt it h2s been almost eradicated. Small
pox may now be considered a thing of the
past, and the quarantine which has so
long encompassed us has now been
Modern Improvements Adding to the Com
loiu of Residents and Sanitary Con
ditions Are Better.
City of the Arctic Goldfields
Being Freed of Hamper
ing Congestion.
NOME'S POPULATION
IS FAST DECREASING
Chief of Police Sullivan has detailed De
tective Crockett to thoroughly investi
gate the conduct of the jury In the Henry
Schwartz pool-selling case, and after re
ceiving his report the Chief will decide
whether he will take the matter before
the Grand Jury. "There is something
wrong." said the Chief yesterday, "and
I am determined to find out just what
it Is, if at all possible."
"Baum," continued the Chief, "could not
give me any reason why he voted for an
acquittal after hearing the evidence,
which was not contradicted, and the law
as explained so pointedly to the Jury by
the Judge. He told me that he had asked
the Judge to be excused, as he was on a
panel in the Superior Court. It was a
curious excuse to make. I shall ask the
Judge about It."
Judge Cabaniss was seen yesterday af
ternoon, and said he could not say defi
nitely whether Baum had asked to be ex
cused, lie had a" faint recollection of one
of the jurors telling him that he was busy
and as the case would probably take a
long time he could not spare the time.
The excuse was not accepted, but the
Judge could not say whether or not Baum
was the man who gave it.
Bailiff Fleming, who served Baum with
the summons, said yesterday: "I am al
most positively certain that Baum did not
ask to be excused. After returning from
serving the summonses on the ten Jurors
1 met the Judge in the basement and we
went upstairs together to the court room,
entering througn the warrant clerk's
room. The Judge took his seat on the
bench and I dictated the names to him,
which he handed to the clerk. Dan Sul
livan was sitting beside the clerk, and
wrote the names on slips of paper. It
only took a minute or two, ana 1 looked
at my list to see that the names corre
ponded. Just as the clerk was placing
the slips in the ballot-box. Baum, whom
I had seen among a group of men at the
door of the court room, came in and took
a seat on a chair. He sat there until his
name was called, and went straight to
the jury-box. His was the thira name
called. I noticed him particularly, be
cause he had told me he would fool me
and would not serve on the jury, and
when he took "his seat on the chair he
sort of smiled at me — I suppose after what
he had said to me. I am certain none
of the ten asked to be excused, but I
recollect that two out of the previous fif
teen did so and were excused. I think
the Judge must have one of them in his
mind."
Chief Has Detailed Detective Crockett
to Make a Thorough Investi
gation of the Jury's
Conduct.
Told Chief Sullivan That He
Had Asked to Be
Excused.
STATEMENT OF
JUROR BAUM IS
CONTRADICTED
THE SAX FKAXCISCO GALL, 4 MONDAY, AUGUST 13, 1900.
BODY OF OAKLAND MAN
BROUGHT FROM NOME
• •
5
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Fidelity I Casually
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Ycrk. en the 21?t <Iay of December,' A. D.
1J?S. and for the year ending on that day, as
made t.o the Insurance Commissioner of the
Ftate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of pectlcr-s 610 and «1 cf the Political Code,
cc-nder.ted as per blank furnished by the Ccm-
mitsicner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ISO.OOO 0©
ASSETS.
Real Ertate owr.ed by Company K3.1M 34
C»5h Market Value of all Stocks and
Sonds owned by Company 2.3T0.33 DO
Carh In Company's Office 2*>.C39 t»
Cash In Bank* 10S.610 IT
3--t r< > r ; due and accrued on all
Stocks ar.d Loans !.soa
Premiums in due Course of Collection 23S.o€0 €i
R*nt!« due ar.d accrued 1,56} 71
Reserve reinsurance deposit 22,1?7 46
; . .- - .•- '.
—
TotaJ Assets JS.4W.65! 76
LIABILITIES.
Losses !n proc*« of Adjustment or In
Susper.se J192.S37 V
Looses resisted. Including expenses.. £04.283 74
Grcfs premiums on Risks. run-
nlnr cn« year or less, $ : reln-
Furance DO p<r cent 1.5S.5J2 £4
Gross premiums on Rifles, run-
ning more than one year. $ ;
reinsurance pro rata 20€.937 41
Do- and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 2S.€« 5S
• —
Tctal Liabilities 12,462.139 94
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $J.«1,S14 46
Itecelvsd for intereetand dividends on
Bck£s, Stocks. Loans and from all
other rource •• S5.4S* SO
Pecelved for Bents 59.S1« 71
Received frcna all other eourcea 14.7:c 25
TotaJ Income J3.C31.235 SC
EXPENDITURES.
Net aisoust paid for Lo«8<» (inc'u3-
Inr } . losses of previous
j^rs) IL5»7.8*> M
Dividends to Stockholders £0.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brofcerape «!.S30 28
Pa(<J for F8lari»s Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 218,104 41
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes S3,01« 9»
All other payments and expenditure* 4(8,739 C8
Total Expenditures $J.216,CS3 a
Losses Incurred during the year Sl.*31.743 52
OEO. F. REWARD. President
HENRT CRORSLET. Acting Sec'y.
eub«orlb*d ar.d «morn to before me, this 27th
Cm.7 of March. 1SOC.
GEO. W. VARIAN. Notary Public
PAGinC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C PARDEE,
Manager and "Attorney.
MUTUAL, LIFE BUILDING,
SAN FHAXCISCO. CAI*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 38.
SEMI-ANNUAL
Stock-Taking Sale of
tiopse-Fprnishing Goods
and Kitchen Utensils
AT 20 PER CENT DISCOUNT
FOR THE WHOLE WEEK.
This sale includes our entire lines
of Agate, White Enamel, Tinware,
Refrigerators, Icecream Freezers,
Cutlery and Carving Sets, Dusters,
Brooms, Sweepers, Brushes,
Sponges, Indurated Fiber and Wood
and Willow Ware-
Baskets of every description.
Window Screens, Shelf and Table
Oilcloth. Garden Hose, etc., etc.
A few prices selected at random.
Clothes eIseeettSb
Wringers $2 J||||||p|
Idga 5-qt, agate 90c
Regularly, $i 15.
Carpet
Sweepers * Jg|ggiS3fi
Bissell's Amer- 65mj- — __i=iu-s/
ican Queen. Best in the world.
Regularly, $3 50.
f- Coffee Pots,
3 qts. 60c
Regularly, 75c
Agate Berlin &&&51S
Saucepan 80c mSST
Regularly, $i. |||§||lP
Family Scale
V" t' -"S^s Accurate; weighs
\JvOjKh3. up to 24 pounds.
Regularly, $200.
anlillii -^; , -
Regularly, £¦*&
CIGARS.
Oha'eau La Rose or Old Glory,
Our hteh-grade 5-cent 0 f nr OC«
leaders for thl3 week.... 0 IIH ZOb
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I ijSVt
/**?& No Plates Required, jp^l
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDCE WORK 13
beautiful and curable. Warranted 10 years.
Our S5 Plates fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extractlrg Js patented
and used by no other dentist on th« PaclSo
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS I
Painless Extraction 2J»c
Removable Brldgework $.1.00
Amalgam 5Oc
Mrs. Dr. P.. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teetl. — painlessly.
DR. R. L-. WALSH,
SIB'Ji GEARV STREET, between Hyde aad
Larkin. Telephone Polk 1135.
Cured
Consultation free at office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market St., San Francisco.
A viarr OR- JORDAN'S great i
| MUSEUM OF AHATCHYt
| QA 15a X42SST & to. tllTX 1?. &1. A
\ G( The Latent Aoatnnictl Musemn in the \
¦9 _',_/V World. v\ ntne*^« or any ctmrracted SB
W K§7SQ& dise»«e pr»ltlvcl;t»r«4n r i!ir oldest 7
fjf SgZ'^i Speciilia ca Ux. Coait. Est-jSyesrv
4 fl*^'ft 08- .'ORDAH-PRIYATE DISEASES $
\ ¥&*tttu Cn.^«nlt»tlcn frc« »nd strictly pn»»tt \
a fl jyAit n *'"" l * Tn '" lt pT3Ona»ly <*r by l*tt<rr. A M
7 Q mt TkH f**.tm C%sr* In ctery ca»c ttndertali-n. T
APU lltf> "ntefcr Exl.?niLOiUI'nit.i
™ (1 1' SBARaiAGB. MAILED FKilS. '.AT
X Q It *>hsabl4 book fcr mra) \
7 »K JUBDA5ACO, 105! Market St.. & F. "
§VIM, VIGOR, YlTALITYforMtN
MORMON BISHOP" S PILLS
nave b-en In use over flrty
years by the leader* of the
Mormon Church and thetr fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases In old and young
¦ rising from effects of aelf-
¦ buse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Irapotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unrttnesj to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, /mm Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops ne *3 KM rvocs Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects T%. -Jirlare Immediate.
Impart vigor and *-=•/» 19 potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure U at
band. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain aad nerve centers; 30c a
box: 6 for S3 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with ( boxes. ClrccUrs
free Address BISHOP RKMEDT CO.. 40 Hills
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUQ CO..
18 and 40 Third st.
IrfS 1 i§§
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Canae
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. ¦ Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Plies and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
fear malL t RAD WAT & CO.. New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
• ""TVE^TrRNED ~THKM
B AWAY in bunchy yesterday
tt. afternoon, with that beauti-
y^^\ jt * u ' o&eretta.
ttgf^C*-*!? " THE BROWNIES
MtifW? IN FAIRYLAND "
M^^P^^^ftA. Presented by a cast of 200
E£§~* *&%>**? professional ch;:dr-»n. No
far amateurs in this production.
\A Iff^r SEE the won«lerful Irans-
49 f¥ formation scene. th<» fairy
>gX e » barge, the sliver Imllpt. £>
Ac3S. Cj original si>eeialti<»s. SpTial
V.itln«"e-» Tuesday. Thurs-
J day. Saturday and Sunday.
Children under 12 years, 23c W^ any afternoon
or evenlnir performance. Next V.'eek— LEE. the
World' 3 Greatest Hypnotist.
A NOVELTY BILL cf UNUSUAL EXCELLENCE
FOUR JUGGLING JOHNSONS.
RATST MORRIS AHI> CO.
MRS. BESSIE BUTZ PAXTO^.
MACART'S DOGS AND MONKEYS.
Bennett and Stembler: Meeker Baker Trio;
Hooker and Davis; Jolly John Nash;
American Blorrapn,
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 19c; opera chair*
«nd box seats, SOc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday aad Sunday.
To-XIsht. Tuesday and Wednesday Xtshts and
Wednesday Matinee. Charles Frohssaa
Presents
HENRYMILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANT,
In the Romantic Comedy,
HEARTSEASE.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinee,
"The Adventurejnbe Lady Ursula"
Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Night.
Fifth Series,
BURTON ROLWES LECTURES.
Subject— "MOKI UV.XIV*
Xmtt Week— 'THE ONLI WAT."
TO-NIGHT, Wednesday. Friday. Saturday
Nights,
"OTHELLO."
Tuesday. Thursday. Sunday Evenings and
Saturday Matinee.
"RIGOLETTO."
Next Week— TANHHAUSER and MIGHGN.
Seats bought for "Tannhauser" and "Mig-
non" for this treek can be exchanged for next
week If desired, commencing to-day. Seats ex-
changed seven days ahead only.
POPUI^AR PP.ICE3— 23 AXD SO CENTS.
Telephone— Bush 9.
Walter Morcsco Sole lessee and Manager
NEW B«e£p%Wu SsaSa ¥ PAHY
THIS EVENIXO.
WILTON LACKATE a» SVENGALI.
IGNACIO MAP.TINETTI as 7.OV ZOU.
MART VAN BUREN as TRILBY.
PRICES— 10c. 13c. 23c. &">c.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 73c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
THIS MONDAY NlflBT,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by 'WHITE WHITTLESET.
In Charlotte Thompson's New Play.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Tinrsda; AttariiOjn.Teletil LAUHH CREWS.
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOOM AND EVENING.
BABY BTJTH, yAT.fm.ATTS, ZA-
RELI<A, BOGOS AND HAE-
WABD, LA LISTA, "WATERMAN
SISTERS. THE LION ACT, NEW
MOVING PICTUBJES.
CANNON, THEf FAT MAN.
SEABURY^igh Diver,
AMATEUR NIGHT, THURSDAY.
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS— PARK 23.
ITTCrWlJP'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOi/XlUn. O Admission lOsr.
Ethel La Crolx, Soprano; Irene Franklin, Cor-
netist: Little Hazel Sexton; Berlin Sisters, Vo-
calists: Eudora Forde. Contralto, and Conlon
and Ryder, Comedians.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Matinee. Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS ~~
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlns from 7 a. m. to li p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
isJg? FAVORITE
H tr O R *y JEAft. WOMESI .
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of tho
Orcans of Generation.
Price 11 a bottle. For sale by druggist*.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per YearResults at Sutro Baths.
¦A I". v- . ?," .nts was
cnjoy<(i by u large crowd at Sutro baths J
yesterday afternoon. The results:
Tifty-yard dash — Won by Oeorg-e Adlcr;
frank Thompson second.
Oue-hundred-yard dash, amateur rac« — Won
by Frank Crowdtr; Fred Hurlbert second.
Divtnc for r!ate»— First prize. J. lUmniv
S5««d<1 prise. J. O'Brien; third prixe. J. Dlxon
Htph <!lvins— First prize. C. Duke: second
prize. G. Adlcr.
Bprfnjr-boarf dhinsj-Flm prize, J. O'Brien;
Kf-<-ond prize. F. Crowd»r.
S»-imm!iat, under water— First prize. H. See
bieb; sc-coud prize, J. Gibson.
Handball at Ryan's Court.
The handball play at Phil Ryan's court.
S58 Howard street, yesterday was up to
the standard. There were ten well con
tested games played off. Following are
the scores: W. Walsh and T. Quinn beat
Charles McKown and J. Brady. 21—11.
21—14. 21—20; S. Wurkhelm and J. Lange
beat M. Levy and E. Levene, 21—17, 21—19,
15—21; T. McManua and J. Dooley beat J.
Bolster and S. Garvey. 21 — 10, 13 — 21. 21 — 15,
21—16. 21—12; G. McDonald and M. McDon
ald beat N. Poltdorl and L. Escolbe, 21—20
21—17. 21—19;; M Dillon and G. Hutchinaon
beat P- Hutchinson and P. Kelly 21 — 11.
21—15, 21—20: G. B. Hayward and "P. Ryan
beat W. Fisher and W. H. Sieberst 21-15.
21—19. 21—17; A. McVIcker and T. Leach
t«?at J. Condon and T. Foley. 21—14 21—13
20—21. 13—21. 21—17; W. Walsh and G. Ma
sruire beat W. Fisher and G. B. Hayward
21-14. 1S-21. 21—13. 19-21. 21-12; T. Defty
and W. Johnson beat J. Kllllan and R.
Regrll. 21—15. 21—18. 21—13: J. White and
W. Maguire. beat J. Rlordan and R. Mur
phy. 21— 16, 21— IS, 17—21, l»-il, 21—20-
OLYMPICS TRAMP TO
THE BOHEMIAN GROVE
Big Attendance of Club Members at
a Most Successful Cross
country Run.
The most successful cross-country
tramp in the history of the Olympic Club
took place yesterday under the direction
of George James. The clubmen left this
city early yesterday morning for Mill
Valley, which was the initial point of
the tramp.
From Mill Valley the runners and
trampers left on different roads, joining
forces at Bohemian Grove, the terminal
point, where lunch wu served. The run
ners took a course by way of Manzanita
and the trampers went over the ridge
Burgess, Sherry. King anu Cagiieri
made the trio In very fast time, takinsr
only thirty-three minutes. Cagiieri lead
ing. King again demonstrated that he
could win out from Sherry when It came
to the sprint.
The following took part In the tramp:
F. J. Sherry. N. C. Paddock. Preston
Rauch, H. W. Gallett. Antone Schmitt
R. Bowman.: ."W. Bush, J. H. Horric-an'
?r, d S, avi !i' T om , Stanton, Herbert Hauser'
Vic Cagiieri, C. Cloughr Charles Conlln i
Jerry Johnson, George Croal,. George '
Melhling, George Knell. A. Kleinhaus '
>,ed Harrlman, George Hensley , Guv :
Ransom Thomas J. Powers J. Scanlan; I
PW. Burgess, Thomas G. fcpillane, W
Mackay, F. G. Montealegre, W. A. Hew
son. A. Castelager, R. F. McLeod. A. Me- '
™? o & §f ott £r eal T' H - Lallan, Fred Howe
W. Pedlar .WClawaon, Charles Jenkins
Eugene Van Court, E. Gough, R. H*
Bchluter, R. W. Emery, J. P Simmon^'
E. Greller. Ed KragneVs. E. Co^oUy'
Harry^ Herbert.; Arthur Till, Percy Rob- 1
erta. George James. Charles Long j ¦ j
Schram; H. S. Grey. W. F. Damper W !
Abader -W. Kin* . ¦? Luke Wer£ n. 'mc! |
L.am. A. Jones - and George Kroets. |
Mammalian Creates Havoc Among
the Fleet of Corinthians at
'Brotherton Victorious in Longr-IMs
tance Event and Reed Makes
Most, Accurate Cast.
The San Francisco Flyeastlng Club
held Us eleventh Sunday contest yester
day at Btow Lake. There was a light
wind from the west, but the fog which
rolled In made it somewhat disagreeable
for the contestants.
In the long distance cast Brotherton
scored the greatest distance with a cast
of 120 feet: Daverkosen second, 114 fg£t;
Reed and Everett tleing for third pMce
with a cast of 105 feet.
In the accuracy event, Reed carried off
first honors with 95 per cent; Muller sec
ond with 80 per cent, and Reed third with
8S>& per cent.
In the delicacy event Brotherton won
first with SS 1-12 per cent; Miller second
S 9^12 De P r e ce C n e t ntf and Y ° Ung thlrd with
The scores follow In detail:
HEAVY FOG BOTHERS FLY
CASTERS AT STOW LAKE
Good Scores Made at the Traps Yes
terday by the Cracks of
the Club.
The Olympic Gun Club held a live bird
shoot at Ingleslde yesterday. The con
test was to decide the finals In the medal
race, and was won by C. Nauman. At the
last shoot he was two birds ahead and
yesterday, though C. A. Ilalght tied hl3
score, the former won the medal.
The birds yesterday were only fair, tha
weather cold and the attendance very
lieht Owing to the conditions the shoot
imc was very pood, Nauman and Halght
killing every bird straight without a miss.
The score follows:
j Golcher i:«2111212212tlini2inn-a
siatte 121111112211«l'111122112J-23
° f stone!! n«nmyimmimcttm-a
c' xauman vrtintmvtnmrmrn-tk
e. a. dc£ etarn'oooarr.
The San Francisco Gun Club's clay
pigeon shoot resulted as follows:
Murdock 15, Foster 23. Kin* 1«, Rlckelson
°0 Feudrer 19, Nauman 21, I'.ekeart Z2, Bekeart
19* Rickelson 22. Rlckelson 22. Karney 21. Will
li' Schulti 2C. Derby O, Feudner 20. Wanda 17.
Bruns 2".. Wilson 23. Klevesahl 20; Feudner 22.
Golcher 22. . ,
NAUMAN WON THE MEDAL
AT INGLESIDE EASILY
The Ingleside Association put up a good
programme of coursing at San Mateo
Park yesterday, and closed a most suc
cessful meeting.
Union Park will have a turn at the game
for the next four ¦weeks, during which
time the Ingleside management will ar
range for a big event for their next open-
Ing.
l'erigo's Bohe took first honors In the
open stake, beating Sterl & Knowles' For
Glory In "the 'deciding course by a score of
7 to 2. For Glory took a decided lead up
the field from the slips, but when Bohe
joined in It was all her way.
L. F. Barters Best Bargain ran in great
form and made quite an Impression by his
clever work.
Deckelman's Rocker ran a very much
improved doe and reached the flfth round
when Golden Rule took his measure.
Ben Lomond, a futurity candidate, beat
Plough Boy in the second round and then
lost to Controller after an undecided. The
youngster certainly showed speed and will
bear watching.
Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald
won the champion stake, with Kellogg's
Sweet Emma as runner up. In the first
round she beat The Grafter, a 5 to 3 favor
ite, and followed by putting the stake
favorite, Luxor, Curtis & Sons' fast one.
out of the stake after two hard undecid
eds. * .fiora was on the short end in this
go at 1 to 2.
Sweet Emma beat Brutus pointless in
the first round. A big play of 2 to 1 went
on Thrift's dog, but he could not score.
Then came the fast Greenhall. who had
had things his own way with Sylvanus in
the first round. The doga were slipped to
a fast hare and Greenhall took the lead.'
He did his work In the first of the course
and then In the long mix-up Emma rolled
up twenty-nine points when the flae: was
raised In her favor. Greenhall was favor
ite at 5 to 2.
The hard work was too much for her
and In the\ final , Flora ; McDonald won as
she pleased. Sweet Emma failed to score.
The day's results, with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores, follow :
Open stake, first round— W. C. Glasson's
Santonin beat J. Byrnes' Battleship, 6-1; J. H.
Perleo'8 Boho beat Erwin & ¦ Lyon's Sllvei
Lion, 9-4; Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat E. M.
KellogR's Kid McCoy. 6-2; L.' F. Bartels* Best
Barsraln beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl. 4-0;
Erwln & Lyon's Silver Wings beat Captain
Cane's Wandering Tom. 9-5; L. F. Bartels'
Beer ..Brewer beat Lowe & Thompson's Little
Fullerton. 3-2; R. E. de B. Lopez's .Whltehead
beat J.Maher'a Swedish. 6-0; Sterl & Knowles'.
Sleety Mist beat Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida,
3-2; J. P., Thrift's Forget '-beat B. W. • Bar
tels' Mac'8 Melody, 6-5; H. A. Deckelman's
Rocker beat George Whitney's Theron. 4-0: J.
II. Perljro's Controller beat J. R. Smith's Vic
tor Queen. 6-2; G. Parkinson's Ben Lomond
Runs in Great Form and
Wins the Big Event at
San M.teo.
flora McDonald
has the speed
over champions
beat P. J. Rellly's Plough Boy, 6-1; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma beat Lowe &
Thompson's Scotch Heel. 6-4; Connell Bros/ St
Helen beat J. Horn's Bona Fide, 5-0; O'Shea
Eros.' Golden Rule beat R. E. de B. LoDez's
Crawford Lad, 3-2; Sterl & Knowles* Ollta heat
T. Tierney's Tea Hose, 10-8; H. A. Deckel
man's Ben Kirby boat O'Shpa Bros." Younc
America. 9-5; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat
J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory. 7-2; P M
Clarkson"s Headwater beat A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan, 3-1; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Norah, 5-3; Lowe & Thomp
son's Prlneo Hal beat E. D. Fallon's Lily of
the West, 3-2; Russell, All«>n & Wilson's Victor
Boy beat H. Lynch's Lexington, 3-2.
Third round — Boho beat Santonin, 4-0- Best
Bargain beat Narcissus, 6-5; Beer Brewer beat
Sliver Wings. 5-2; Whitchead beat Sleety Mist
6-0; Rocker beat Forget. 0-1; Controller beat
Ben Lomond. 8-5; Lady Emma beat St. Helen
5-4; Golden Rule beat Olita. 4-3; St Michael
beat Ben Kirby, 6-1; For Glory beat Head
water, 12-2; Victor Boy beat Prince Hal S-6
Fourth round— Bohe beat Best Bargain 3-0-
Whltehead beat Beer Brewer, 9-2; Rocker beat
Controller. 12-&; Golden Rule beat Lady Emma
8-0; For Glory beat St. Michael, 5-1; Victor Boy
a bve. ?'/.¦-¦¦
Fifth round— Bohe beat Whltehead 4-1 •
Golden Rule beat Rocker, 9-4; For Glory beat
Victor Boy, 6-4. "cat
Sixth round— Bohe beat Golden Rule, 4-0 • For
Glory a bye.
Deciding course— Bohe beat For Glory 7-2
Champion stake, first round— Lowo & Thomn-
Bon's Flora McDonald beat P. J. Relllv's Thn
Grafter. 6-4; Curtis & Son's Luxor beat P J
Reilly's Royal Union. 7-3; Captain Cane'a
Oreenhall beat J. R. Smith's Sylvanus 4-0- E
M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat J. P. Thrift's
Brutus, 5-0. * "
Second round— Flora McDonald beat Luxor
4-2; Sweet Emma beat Greenhall, 21-9
Deciding course— Flora McDonald beat Sweet
Emma, 5-0. |
Score of Tennis Enthusiasts Cross
Rackets in Practice and Tour
nament Play.
Many good matches were played on the
courts of the California Tennis Club on
Saturday and Sunday. In the "continu
ous" Dr. Root defeated II. \V. Crowell,
challenger, by a score of 7—5, 1—6, 6 — I. R.
Cornell beat J. A. Code. 6—1. 6—3. Werner
Stauf beat W. H. Moreland. challenger,
6—1, 6—3, 6—4. R. Erskine beat L. Delano,
challenger, 7—5. 6—2, 7—5. Walter Mc-
Gavin beat W. Stauf. 7—5, 6—0.
Among the visitors were Charles A. Els
ton and wife of Honolulu. Elston is ex
champion of the islands in singles, while
his wife still holds the ladies' champion
ship. In a double match they beat Dick
Erskine and Percy Kahn, 6—0, 6—3. Nor
man Spangler beat Mrs. J. S. Wallace,
6—2, 6—3. 6—2, 6—2. Grant Smith beat Wal
ter McGavln, 6—3. 6— 2, 3—6. J D. Mc-
Gavin and W. Stauf beat Ray Cornell and
Professor Dally, 4—6, 6—3, 6—2. R. Ers
kine beat Mr. Dodge, 6—2, 6—2, 6—1. J. D.
McGavin beat R. Cornell, 6—3. 6—3, 6—1,
7—5, 6—4.
On Saturday Grant Smith once again
took a fall out of W, B. Collier Jr.. 6—2,
6—2. 1—6. On Sunday Collier turned the
tables, score 7 — 5, 6 — 1. 6—2.
L. Delano beat Charles Kuehn In a hot
match, S — G. 6 — i. Joseph Mayhew beat
McLean, 9—7. Paul Jones beat R. Erskine
8— 6, 4—6, 6—2. Al Rosenberg beat Merle
Johnson, 8—6, 6—4. W. B. Collier beat J.
A. Code, 6—1, 3—3. Joseph Mayhew beat
Kuehn, 6 — 4, 6—0. Paul Jones received
odds cf 15 from Collier, but still was beat
en three straight sets, 6—2. 6—2, 6—2. Jo
seph Mayhew and R. McLean beat H.
Mayhew and Dr. Lane, 6—2, 6 — 2.
The Southern Association of California
has very generously invited two of the
northern men to play in Its tournament.
Reuben Hunt and Percy Murdock of Ala
meda have gone and will give the south
erners a battle for double honors
MATCHES PLAYED ON THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB COURTS
CHAPTER I.
THE MAN FROM PIKE
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 11.— He had
come from Pike County, Mis
souri, to the land of flowers,
fruit and sunshine. When he
came to Rincon Valley, that lies
just two miles as the crow flies
from Santa Rosa, he decided that the val
ley was Just about what he had been look
ing for, and there he pitched his tent on
five acres of ground that made an ordi
nary farmer look tired. But the Pike
County man was chock full of ideas, and
he intended to make that five acres "blos
som as the rose."
John W. Keithley was the Missourian's
name, and he was not born yesterday.
CHAPTER II.
THE BUFFALO DOG,
Thereby hangs a tale relating to the
"Buffalo dog." Now "Buffalo dogs," be it
explained, is the name given by Rancher
Keithley to a variety of canines regard
less of breeed, whose shoulder develop
ment is abnormal. It means the typiflca
tion in a dog of the peculiar physical de
velopment affected by Pugilist Fitzsim
mons. A brute thus constituted naturally
has considerable horsepower in its shoul
ders.
When the Missourian bought the little j
five-acre "patch" the natives eyed him |
askance. When they could no longer con
tain their curiosity they plied him with
questions, but to little avail.
"You all keep on your sunbonnets," he
remarked facetiously, "an' I reckon I kin
snow you which shank of a razzerback
hawg comes nearest to havin' fat on it."
He built near his dwelling an outbuild
ing which looked like a barn, but its
ground floor was laid out in stalls hardly
large enough to house Shetland ponies.
Then he planted an acre of his holdings
to strawberries. "That fellow's nutty."
remarked Neighbor Wellington. "Those |
vines '11 need water the year "round, and j
even if he had some way of irrigating \
thorn it would cost more than the crops
will bring. I sort o' feel sorry for him."
"And them's my sentiments, tew,"
echoed the valley.
But in the flat lowlands where lles\
Keithley's taxable realty there is water
anywhere at a depth of ten feet. The
cost of irrigation comes not from a lack
of water, but from the need of bringing
it up from the subterranean storehouses.
CHAPTER III.
LIGHT ON THE MYSTERY.
Rancher Keithley having planted his
strawberries and dug canals between th»
rows of vines, then sunk several wells at
various points in the "patch." Into each
of these he placed a simple home-made
pump, operated by means of a drive
wheel of peculiar construction, about six
feet in diameter and hollow in the cen
ter. The neighbors wondered if he in
tended to utilize a horse for each wheel,
and continued to shake their heads sor
rowfully. At last the Pike County man's
preparations were complete and his se
cret came out.
One morning he led from the mysterious
outbuilding a pair of "buffalo dogs," each
of which was driven on to one of the
wheels. The neighbors, in anticipation of
"some doings," had gathered in num
bers. The dogs in the wheels began to
get restless, and as they moved the
wheels began to turn. There followed
such frantic contortions and such a bed-
lam of "ki-yis" that the Missourian was
glad to invoke the aid of his exultant
neighbors to stop the wheels and bring
peace and comfort to the canine heart.
Rancher Wellington lost a couple of sus
pender buttons in laughing, and the Mis
sourian was subjected to a torrent of ag
gravating comments from the others.
"Boys, I admit it's a hoss on me: but
'never say die until you're dead' is my
motto, and if you'll come around at this
time to-morrow you'll be snortin' out
t'other side o' your faces."
CHAPTER IV.
TRIUMPH OF GENIUS.
Again it was morning, and again gath
ered the ranchers, gleefully, to "laugh and
grow fat." Rancher Keithley stroked his
buffalo' dogs and winked the other eye.
The dogs were driven on to the mills,
when, lo, and behold! the wheels began to
spin so the spokes were invisible.
Silence deep and profound, then
"Jumpin' Jehosaphatl" . came a voice,
choking with wonder, "how d" you do It.
Keithley?"
And Keithley, swelling with pride,
winked the other eye.
CHAPTER V.
REVELATION!
For fifteen minutes the dogs kept up
their whirlwind race, and finally exhaus
tion compelled them to stop. Then the
cause of all their energy was discovered
Suspended In each wheel, in such manner
that It would remain stationary, a foot
or two from the dog's nose, was a dead
rabbit.
That was all there was to it— the dogs
did the rest.
That is why buffalo dogs are In demand
in Rincon Valley, and why the strawber
ries of the man from Pike are big as
peaches and as luscious as a watermelon.
Being a True and Humorous Tale in Five Chapters.
THE TRIUMPH OF GENIUS,
OR A WATER-WHEEL MYSTERY
Target shooters of all kinds were out In
fuil force at Shell Mound yesterday, and
a number of them made more than aver
age scores. While there was not much
wind the light was varying, owing to the
passing of banks of fog over the sky.
On account of changes in the range pre
paratory to the holding of the big rifle
tournament the pistol and rifle shooting
stalls of the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club have been separated, the rifle depart
ment having been moved into the midcie
of the building. There was a fair attend
ance of members of this organization
yesterday. A number of marksmen from
other clubs were present as guests, and
all had a pleasant time at practice. On
the rifle range the honors of the day fell
to D. \V. McLaughlin. his score being 223
on the twenty-flve ring target In ten
shots. While making this ran McLaugh
lin surprised his friends by winding up
with three 25's.
On the pistol range, fifty yards, there
was much practice with revolvers, as
there is a prospect of a match with these
weapons in the near future. In his pl3tol
practice J. E. Gorman In s»*ven scores
made an average of 93 3 £, standard Ameri
can target count. The scores of the day
were as follows:
Rifle. 200 yards. 25-rlng target, 10 shots—Bush
nell trophy, D. W. McLaughlin, 215. 214, 223. 217;
F. P. Schuster. 207.
Second class trophy— J. Kullmaon. 208, 137,
199. Ii3; G. Tammayer. 194.
Gold medal— D. B. Faktor. 222; A. B. Dor
rell, 213, 213. 220.
Silver medal— J. F. Bridges, 201, 211; H. Hln
ket. 210. 20«.
Pistol, 50 yards, standard American target,
10 shots all comers' pistol trophy— J. E. Gor
mar-.. 55, S3; M. J. White. 91; W. Bennett, 79;
L. C. Hinkel. 78.
The regular monthly medal shoot of the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein was well
attended. To D. B. Faktor fell the hon
ors. In his twenty-shot score he made
sixteen bullseyes, of which fourteen were
consecutive, and he wound up with 44D,
with a flier of 14 In It. The scores stood
as follows:
Champion class— D. B. Faktor. 449 rings.
First class — R. Stettin. 403. Second class not
filled. Third class already won. Fourth cl»sa
— J. Beuttler, 365. Rest first shot— D. B. Fak
tor, 23. Heat last shot— F. P. SchU3ter, 24.
Nearly all of the members of the Ger
mania Schuetzen Club assembled for the
regular monthly class medal shoot and
contest for cash prizes on the continuous
matches. In the latter no improvement
was made on previous scores. Following
are the high scores, in ten-shot strings,
on the twenty-five ring target:
First champion class— F. F. Schuster, 2*7. 21«
rings. Second champion class— R. Rmttn.
2i.6. 201. First class— J. F. Bridges. 21*. 207.
Second class— D. SalfleM. 2C2, 200. Third class—
J Beuttler, 177, 171. IJest first shot— J. F.
Bridges, 24. Best last shot— F. P. Schuster. 25.
The attraction at the Nordd^utscher
Schuetzen Vereln'a monthly gathering
was the competition for cash prizes on
the bullseye target, best centers, meas
ured by machine. Annexed are the prize
winners and their records in points:
F. P. Rust, 36S: F. ¦Rathjeri, 46<>; F. P. Schns
ter, S40; J. <1e Wit. S53; G. Schulz. 909; F. Koch,
932- II Stelliner. 10©; D. Salfleld. 1173; H. Hup.
pert il?v J. Oefkln, 1237; A. Mocker, 1297; W.
Gottschalk, 123S.
The Independent Rifles shot for class
medals, using the musket and Blunt mili
tary target, ten shots to a score. The
scores stood thus:
Corporal P. Schonig. 43; C. Iverson. X7;
Sergeant G. Mitchell, 3S; C. Schefer. 23, R.
Hither, 29; J. H. Kuhllte. 44; II. Gaetgen Jr.,
20- H. Felix, 26; M. Gaetgen. 34; Lieutenant
E Moennine. 34; J. W. Relley. 8: F. Brtnk
mann. 21; D. StefTens, 27; A. \Volf*ramm. 14;
Dr. W. A. Meierdlercks, 34; Sergeant J. Heln
bockel. 17; H. Marzholf, 33; F. Schmidt, 23.
There was a large attendance of mili
tary marksmen on the fange competing 1
for class medals, ten shots on the Blunt
target. Following are the scores by the
several companies:
Companies C and Q (Nationals) — L. Banna.
23- O LippJ, 10: S. H. Stewart. 13; T. MeOU
very **¦ G - Kllpatrlck, 26; R. Kilpatrlck, 17;
W Kilratrick, 33; II. J. Musgrave, 40; C. J.
Wetherbee. 35; S. W. Grant. 33; J. W. Cobby.
41 C. F. Wathara. 47; E. R. Armstrong. 34;
C B. Harding. 36: A. J. Ruddock. 42; W. B.
Hurd 29; J. W. Galbraith, 30: F. J. Povey,
«• f' F Carson, 37: V. J. Garibaldi, 23; T. O.
Bauti, 37; H. W. Fawke. 36; A. M. Bolllnger.
17- J Hyer. 41; C. F. Toolcer, 33; Lieutenant
Petty 34' W D. Grant, 38; W. S. Grattan.
3S- \' E Anderson. 43: W. F. Unfred. 3«; C.
j' McDonald. 26; C. Meyer, 47; E. Williams,
26- P. J. Neumann, 41; C. R. Mclnto«h. 20;
J. ' C. Roberts. 3S.
Company D of the First Reslment—Lieuten
ant G. Stephens, 35; I>. H. Anthea, 17; I>. M.
Isaac 17 - N. J. Malville, 27; O. Landuccl, 36;
O X^Ahrens. 26; Sergeant B. J. O'Neill. 21;
t' J Galvln. 30; Captain C. G. White. 38; J.
IIuRhea. 11: J. Nelson, 22.
Company F. First Repriment— Cleveland. 33;
Jones 3S; Dossher. 30; Varney. 33; MlUag©. SO;
Griffith 23; Cohen, 33; Nathan, 33; Simmona,
3->- Irvine 41; Nlppert. 43; Surryhne, 37; Wll
mans. 29;' Homer. & Schatz. 14: Block. 11.
Paktor Makes a Good Run
of Centers in Medal
Competition.
Three Twenty-Fives in a Bunch to
Credit of McLaughlin—Mili
tary Marksmen Out
for Records.
ALAMEDANS WIN
CRICKET MATCH
BY WIDE MARGIN
ALL DAY THEY
POURED LEAD
INTO TARGETS
SPORTING EVENTS
¦ ¦ ?
Howard Makes a Gallant Effort With
Bat and Ball to Save Losers
From Defeat, but
Fails.
California Eleven, Weak
ened by Absence of Dick
enson, PI y3 Poorly.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
.Bowler — B. R. M. W.
II. Ward Jr 66 3 5 2
W. G. Fortmann 36 11 2 0
B. Bird 43 10 3 1
F. Crol! 42 11 2 0
J. H. Saunders 32 11 2 5
Total 54
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 0,
two for 10, three for 36, four for IS, five for 51,
six for 53, seven for 13, eight for 54.
E. G. Sloman. c. F. Croll, b. Ward Jr 0
L. Schroeder. c. Price, b. Ward Jr 2
W. II. Howard, c B. Bird. b. Saunders 27
W. Reed. c. Stahl, b. B. Bird 17
J. Guild, b. Saunders 2
A. Willis, b. Saunders v 2
J. Brown, b. Saunders 2
J. Turner, b. Saunter* 0
H. Medcraft. not out 0
J. Bird, absent —
Extras 2
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Howard 12S 63 2 4
Sloman 43 23 0 0
Guild 84 30 3 5
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
Total 129
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 34.
two for 61. three for 80. four for 80. five for
103, six for 107. seven for 110, eight for 117, nine
for 117, ten for 120.
ALAMEDA CRICKKT CLUB.
F. Croll, run out 15
B. Bird, c. and b. Guild 43
H. Ward Jr.. c. Willis, b. Howard 11
J. H. Saunders. c. J. Bird, b. Howard 9
It, B. Hogue. b. Guild 20
V. Seebeck, b. Guild 11
W. G. Fortmann, c. Sloman, b. Guild 0
P. E. McLean, b. Guild 0
F. Stahl, b. Howard 4
F. S. Price, not out 0
W. Richter. c. Willis, b. Howard 3
Kxtras 4
The Californias were unfortunate from
the start, Sloman being caught off Harold
Ward's first ball, and L. Schroeder mak
ing only two runs. W. H. Howard 27, and
W. Reed 17, were the only batsmen who
scored double figures. Saunders bowled
most successfully, capturing five wickets
for eleven runs. The innings closed lor
54, leaving the Alamedas winners by 66
runs. The full details are given below.
The Alameda and California cricketers
met yesterday for the fourth time this
season on the Webster-street grounds,
Alameda. The California team was much
weakened by the absence of Arthur Dick
enson, who is a tower of strength both
with the bat and the ball. Alameda went
to the bat first with F. Croll and B. Bird,
the former of whom made 15. while the
latter compiled 43 before he was caught
by Guild. R. B. Hogrue scored 20 runs.
The total for the Innings was 120. Guild
and Howard did all the bowling for the
Californias, the former taking five wickets
and the latter capturing four.
Oakland Has a Bad Day, but the
Afternoon Match Is a Close, -
Even Contest Until
the End.
•
Sacramento 3, Oakland 1.
Jay Hughes' swinging right arm with
etiok in hand won the game for the Sena
tors yesterday at Recreation grounds.
Far down the column 01 innings the same
l;ad progressed, neither the Dudes nor the
Statesmen .seemingly being able to shat
ter the painful tie of a single tally. The
proper swat came at last and Jay Hughes
took three sacks on It. Beyond the flag
l"ole the ball rolled — one of those swift,
!'>ng drives that show an affection for
ftnees. Then Hanlon came to the bat and
Hughes was lodged safely on the benches.
The Dudts behaved like well-mannered
tossers. They forgot their Beau Brum
mcl air at times and really surprised
thercsfclves into action. What they might !
have done had the affliction of fear of j
Mr. Hughes not sat upon them is food |
for speculation. At any rate, they gave i
Mr. Borcbers a fair support, not political, '
which their manager, Mr. Ewing, is busily j
fostering these days, but the real dia
xnor.d variety.
The game was a battle of slab perform
ers. The champion twirler of the cham- ]
pions brought his well ami to the contest, '
and he ust-d it unerringly. For the mat- I
ter of that '•Chief Borchers displayed j
few paralytic arm muscles. But seven
limes were his whizzing curves unrolled,
and it was only In the eighth that a
bunch of hits was registered against him I
a.nd this bunch consisted of but two. j
•Champ" Jay was hit but six times— all j
scattered.
Oakland's new baseball players per
formed in less heartrending style yester
day, a'l save Weed on the third sack. The
oombined errors of the Dudes fall upon
the shoulders of this young guardian of
the l*-ft inlield. It may have been due to
diamond fxisht and it may not. The more
rational explanation reflects upon Cal
Ewing's managerial ability.
The runs were scored in the first inning
by a few Dudes finding the sphere — Ltren
naa and Arreilancs doing the stick work.
The lirst named scored. In the fifth the
Senators shot Mclaughlin (tt*sr the plate i
because Brummel Weed, forgettine that i
he was on earth, threw the ball at the ris- |
Ing moos, when first base was his mark. |
McLaugblln took three bases on the ef- I
furt and scored later on a slow hit over <
third by Devercaux. The score is:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
U I.aujrhlin. 1. f... 5 1 1 1 0 0 0
I»<v«-r<aux, 3b 4 0 3 0 2 10
Kacan. 6. e 4 0 0 12*0
liu^h.-s. p 5 1110 3 0
Hanlon. lb ' 4 1 1 1 12 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 4 2 0
I>.yle. c. f 4 0 0 0 3 10
Cb 3 0 10 0 2 1
Pitt, r. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Totals 5« 2 7 4 27 12 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Prpr.nan. c. f 4 1113 0 0
Uockinu, lb 3 0 0 0 12 0 o
Franoks. >. s 3 0 0 0 5 2 1
Arr«-Ilanes. :b 4 0 2 0 2 3 0
Borcberm, i> 3 0 2 0 0 3 0
Weed. a> J 0 0 0 0 3 2
Held. r. f 10 10 10 0
Bowman, 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
MHnp.-r!na. c 3 0 0 0 3 00
•Hardie 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals SO 1 6 1 27 U S
*Batted for Weed in the ninth-
Itl'NS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Fa<-rarnc-nto 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 2 0—8
Hase hits 1 11010120— 7'
Oakland 1 00000 0 00—1
lia*e hits 2 001 0200 1— <
SUMMARY.
Buss responsible for— Huchei 1, Borchers 1.
Thr«-ba«- hit— Hugh.-s. Two-baw hit— Held.
SacriAoa hits— Bowman. Stanley. First base
SLililAKI.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 3, lburg 2.
Three-base hit— Streib. Two-base hits—bab
bitt, Schwartz. Sacrifice hits — Courtney,
Reilly. Double plays — Moore to Courtney;
Schwartz to Krug to I'abst; HlldebranU to
I'abst. First base on errors— Stockton 6, San
Francisco 3. Left on bases— Stockton %, San
Francisco 10. Bafes on balls — Off Whalen 3.
off Iburs 4. Struck out — By Whalen 3, by
lburg 2. Passed ball — Pace. Time of game— 1 :4H.
Umpire— J. O'Ccnnell. Official scorer— A. H.
Harlin.
«
Minor Games.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 12.— In the baseball
at Haywards the P. and H. defeated the
San Francisco Athletic Club by a score of
10 to 6. The features of the game were
the battery work of Norriss and Ford and
the batting of Nelson of the P. and H.
team.
VACAVIL.LE. Aug. 12.— The finest game
of baseball ever witnessed in Vacaville
took place to-day between the Baker &
Hamilton team of Sacramento and Vaca
ville's representative nine. Vacaville
presented the Baker & Hamiltons with
nine goose-eptrs. The score was 7-0.
PITTSBURG WINS EASILY.
Rain Stops the Game Between New
York and Cincinnati.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
TottJs 37 7 10 1 27 10 6
KUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 2 01100000—4
Base hits 2 11110 0 0 1—7
San Francisco 0 0130003*— 7
Hase hits 00241003 •— 10
Totals 33 4 7 1 24 12 6
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhcff. c. f 4 2 2 1 0 0 1
Hildebrand. r. f 5 0 1 0 3 1 0
Schwartz, 2b 5 0 2 0 3 10
Sullivan, c 5 0 0 0 6 11
Pabst, lb 3 1 1 0 5 2 0
Levy, 1. f 4 12 0 10 0
Krug. s. s 4 0 0 0 3 3 3
I'.eilly, Sb 3 110 5 11
lburg, p „ 4 2 10 110
Whalen Was Found Ten Times Dur
ing the Game — lburg Allowed
but Seven Safe Hits
All Told.
»
San Francisco 7, Stockton 4.
STOCKTON. Aug. 12.— Uncle Henry'n
aggregation of pretzel-eaters played havoc
with Mr. Whalen of Stockton to-day and
by some timely hitting added another vic
tory to their long list.
From the fourth to the eighth Inning
the game was four all, and then the
microbes of the sloughs began working
In the mits of the Millers. Bunched errors
In artistic profusion by Harper's men and
a bunch or two of hits by the German
Equad gave the scorer enough work for a
series of games. The crowu was looking
lor a prolonged match, but this outburst
and red-lire display settled the diamond
struggle then and there.
The work of the visitors was concen
trated in two innings, the fourth and the
eighth. Around the bases the Hanksmen
flew to slow Stockton music, lburg was
on the slab tor the visitors and pitched
ball that was a shade or two too involved
for the curve-untwisters of Stockton.
Only McGucken, Streib and Whalen were
free from baseball improprieties, every
other member on the team having an error
registered against him. The score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 5 0 0 0 1 0 1
McGucken, c. t 5 0 0 0 4 0 0
Pace, c 1 1 0.0 3 0 '. 1
Streib, r. f 4 2 2 1 0 0 0
Lockh«>ad, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 Jl
Uabbltt. 2b 4 0 2 0 0 11
Moore. Sb 4 1 1 0 3 G 1
Courtney, lb 3 0 0 0 10 0 1
Whalen. p 4 0 2 0 14 0
on <rrors — fiacrarnento 3, Oakland 1. First base
in catted balls— Sacramento 3, Oakland 3. Left
on l a>-fs— Sacramento fc; Oakland 6. Struck out
— !!>¦ Itorchers 1, by Hughes 2. Hit by pitcher
— Borchtrs. Double l>!ay— Doylo to Hanlon.
¦\Vtld piU-h— Borchers. Time of game — 1 hour SO
minutes. Umpire — Donohue. Official scorer —
J. . W. 6ta»Ieton.
MORNING GAME
Sacramento 8, Oakland 4.
The game at Oakland yesterday morn
ing was thrilling during a few innings and
quiet and unobtrusive during the rest of
them. Moskiman, who was on the slab
for the Dudes, was found for the un
lucky number. Devereaux twirled for the
Senators and he was none too good.
In the fifth Sacramento found Mos
kiman for tlve hits, sending as raanv men
over the rubbor. In the eighth Dever
eaux was untwisted for three hits, which
combined with an error gave Oakland a
bunch of four runs.
One feature of the pame was a series of
double plays, which atoned for the num
ber of infield errors. The 6enators were
playing in all sorts of strange positions,
and the Fame thine was true of the
L»udes. The score Is:
Clubs— W. L. Pet.- Clubs — TV. L. Pet.
fSrooklyn — 55 32 .632 Boston 43 43 .4S1
Pittsburg ...49 40 .550 Ft. Louis 33 47 Ml
Philadelphia 47 40 .540 Cincinnati ..» 5) .«9
Chicago 44 45 .494 New York. ..34 it .403
ST. LOUIS. Auc. 12.— Brooklyn sot to Jones
In the ninth and won out In a fighting finish.
Jonen pitched in good form until this time.
Attendance, S700. Score:
Club- R. ii. B .
St. LCBi* 2 5 2
F.noklyn j 3 12 2
Latteries— Jones and Crlsrer; McGinnity ard
Fa.rrell. Urrj>ire— Emslie.
CHICAGO, Au*. 12.— Hard and timely hit
ting cave Ptttsburs an easy victory to-day.
Attendance, 6000. Score:
.Club— r. H . E
Chicago 2 6 3
Pittsburg 6 13 2
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue; Tannehlll
and Schrlver. Umpire — Terry.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 12.— naln stopped the
game to-day In the last half of the fifth Inning,
after one man was out, with the score 6 to 1
In favor of New York. Newton and Garrlck
were the opposing pitchers.
OAKLAND
American League Games.
Totals 29 8 IS 4 27 14 6
RUNS BY HITS AND IXNING8.
facram*-nto 0 2 0 16 0 0 0 0 8
Hase hits 2 2 1 2 5 0 1 0 0—13
Oakland 0 00000040—4
Bate hit« 1 0 2 11113 0— 10
SUMMARY.
Hunt responsible for — Moskirnan 5. Devereaux
1 Xluxe-btM hit— Franck*. Two-base hit—
hanlcn. Sacrif.ce kit— fc-tultx. First bane on
• rrore— Oakland 3. Sacramento J. First bai>»
an < a!i«»rt *' 9 ' ! » — Oakland J. Sacramento 1. I^eft
— TVr Mr,«k!man !, by Devereaux 2. nit by
r!tcfcpr- Devreaux. Double plays— Arrellane*
t'» Horrhers tr> Manperitia.; Weed to Arrellanea
to norrhers; Rasan to Hu!ti to Hanlon; Ar-
WBHW to Weed to Borchers: Stultz to Eacaa
to Hanlon. Time qr game — 1:40. Umpire—Doa
chue. Offlclf' fw.rer— H. S. McFarlln.
AB. U. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennen. c. t I 0 2 0 2 0 0
Sdosklmim. p 4 10 0 0 4 0
francks, 2b 4X8O0S1
Am>'tltLr.e«, e. • 3 10 0 2 11
Bowman. 1. f 4 110 10 1
IJorchers. 1b I 0 1 0 11 1 0
Held. r. t 3 0 10 2 10
V.v.-d, 2b 2 0 0 0 3 4 1
Mangerina. c 10 2 0 5 0 0
•llardie 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 23 4 10 0 27 18 4
•Batted fcr 'Weed in the ninth.
BACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLeurhlln. I. t 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
l>evereaux. p 4 0 10 0 2 0
'i.:-.~:ir., B. E 6 12 14 6 1
I Union, lb 6 1 1 0 10 0 I
Stanley, c « 2 0 0 3 2 0
!*>>!<>. Sb 6 2 2 0 2 2 2
«u!u, £b 1 2 S 2 E 2 1
;V. c. 1 4 0 1110 0
i ¦'.:::'.': r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
DETROIT, Aug. 12.— First game: Detroit. 2:
Buffalo, l. Becond game: Detroit, 7- Buf
falo. 2.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 1.— First game: Mil-
fighter of some reputation In the West,
died to-day at St. Joseph's Hospital from
the rupture of a blood vessel which oc
curred during a boxing bout about two
weeks ago.
YACHTSMEN STARTLED
BY A WHALE'S VISIT
DENVER, Aug. 12.— Billy Lewis, a prize
¦waukee, 7; Kansas City. 0. Second game: Mil
waukee, 2; Kansas City, 1.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 12.— First pame: Min
neapolis, 0; Chicago. 1. Second game called
in third inning on account of darkness.
Lake Wins Championship.
PARIS, Aug. 12.— The three-day meeting
of the world's bicycle championship con
tests began to-day with the trial heats.
The crowd was very large.
Lake won his heat in the amateur cham
pionship over a course of 333 metres.
Time. 2:22^.
In the professional championship, Tom
Cooper was the only American winning
a heat. McFarland finished third. Coop
er's time was 1:43 1-5.
Cooper and McFarland were second in
their heat in the tandems, but will have
no place in the finals. Tomaselll and
Meyers won the heat.
Billy I/ewis Dead.
°»t °t 17.O-J0.O00 oiecee of registered
mail handled annually In the United
fetatos the loss has been one-thousandth
or l per cent, and In the transmission cf
ordinary Wters the '.ess is but seven
thousandths of 1 per cent.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 12.— A large whale In search of new worlds to conquer
came blowing and rolling through Raccoon Straits about 4 o'clock this
afternoon with the outgoing tide. While he was In the straits he kept a
lot of small boats on the jump. The whale evidently thought khat Stone's
yacht, the Presto, was a pilot boat, and he frightened the crew by chasing
around her as she sped home down the straits. He finally crossed to the
Tlburon wharf, where he compelled a hundred fishermen to pull In their lines
Not llkins the vicinity of the inhospitable wharf Mr. Whale turned hia prow
in the direction of the Corinthian Yacht Club cove, which was filled with
boats and arks of all sizes. The whale here did a splendid stunt He started
after a small boat in which were Dudley Dean, Benjamin Dean, Raloh
Chick and R. A. Dean of the Sierra Lumber Company. The occupants thought
their hour had come. The whale came up within four feet of their boat sev
eral times and once nearly drowned the rowers with spray he blew in the air
By hard rowing they reached the shore. . '
The whale then went diving among the yachts and the kelp beds that
cover the bottom of the cove. One Tiburon humorist said he was searching
for large anchors. It is not known whether he found any or not but more
than one boat owner is out his little barrel buoy and the whale is supposed to
be in an equal number. After disporting himself for more than half an hour
in the cove the whale Btruck out in disgust past Belvedere Point? whteh he
Eide-Bt^pped in good styic. and stood off Jn the direction of Fort Point
During the whale's occupancy of the cove Sam McDonough stood on his
Bunches of Hits by the Ger
mans and Stockton Er
rors the Cause.
Two of the Series of Three
(janies Are Won by
Champions.
HUGHES TWIRLS
AND THE DUDES
MEET DEFEAT
SPORTING EVENTS
BOTH GAMES OF
THE SERIES GO
TD HANK'S TEAM
THE SAN.- 'FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 13, 1900.
Aftermath of a Picnic.
6
THE MAN FKOM PIKE COUNTY'S BUFFALO DOG EXPEBIMENT.
Event No. 3,
Delicacy.
NAME.
3 P 0 ? > 3 s;
r •» 3 o 3 « : 3
: 2 2? 3- •
SSSSS^P.8S 82 - s w - 8 sy «
Muller 100 89 ' 'H.i' "si.V it."
5 eed 105 95 86.4 73 SO S
Z ou ?, s 95 **.i 83 77 6 S'9
5<> u »k« •• 90 S5 79.4 73 4 782
Hcller 74 77 70.9 73.11
Event No. 3,
Delicacy.
NAME.
3 P 0 ? > 3 s;
r •» 3 o 3 « : 3
: 2 2? 3- •
SSSSS^P.8S 82 - s w - 8 sy «
Muller 100 89 ' 'H.i' "si.V it."
5 eed 105 95 86.4 73 SO S
Z ou ?, s 95 **.i 83 77 6 S'9
5<> u »k« •• 90 S5 79.4 73 4 782
Hcller 74 77 70.9 73.11A Cherokee Indian, after having been it;
the penitentiary for five years, returned
to his tribe, but he had forgotten ¦ their
language.
! The invasion has its serious side. It will
be almost Impossible to secure a passage
i to America In the autumn. Already near
t ly every berth is booked on the great lin
ers. Doubtless many of the visitors will
find themselves forced to remain beyond
their allotted time, as they wers la JuW-
Iea v&ax
I.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aue 12— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Ao? 12— Stmr Iver
nia from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Sailed— Stmr Lucanla. from Liverpool, for N«w
I/)N*DON*— Sailed Au* 12— Stmr Mlnnehaha,
for NVw York.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Tunisian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
The Veteran Firemen's Association has
arranged for an invitation outing on the
bay on the steamer Resolute next Sunday.
After the excursionists have had the bene
fit of a view of marine and bay shore
ecenery they will be landed at McNear's,
where an old fashioned clam chowder will
be served up. The excursion is to be man
aged by the committee composed of
Itichard Cox. J. B. Barber, Charles Bell,
T R. Carew, W. O. Cue, Samuel Baker,
Jameo H. Kelly. William H. Williams, W.
Lawton and J. T. Bonnifleld.
Veteran Firemen's Excursion.
British-Americans Organize.
The British-American Union, a society
the object of which la the closer political,
social and commercial union of the British
empire and the United States, has been
organized, with headquarters at the Acad
emy of Sciences building. The officers of
the club are: William Greer Harrison,
president: Dr. P. W.-d'Bvelyn, J. J. New
begin and Lucius Howard Foote. vice
presidents; Arthur H. Vivian,- secretary.
Meetings of the organization will be duly
announced.
RERKELET. Aug. 12— Leroy Anderson,
the new instructor in dairy hunbandry at
the .Hate I .nivtrsity. aR d George Bulke
ley \\akomar.. Th.l,.. the new instructor
• n history, have arrived in Berkclev to
££? U V), lh w 'l U ' Jrs at «h- open?5 o?col
lege. Di. Wakeman is from th«i history
2E£ Em Ui 15 of I!r "w Univer-
Coff.eU doctor's degree from
»»". Anderson !s to give practical ln
ri/ktion in the Grtlez* of Apnru ture in
the dairy arts. He will visit California
creameries, cheer* factories and cattle
ranches, and otherwise thoroughly inves
tigate the problcma of dairy husbandry in
this £ut» y IU
TWO NEW INSTRUCTORS
ARRIVE IN BERKELEY
Her Definition.
A little Memphis girl, who is constant
ly surprising her elders with her sage re
marks, was invited out to luncheon one
day. and while she was at the table she
was helped to a croquette.
"What is this you gave me?" she quer
ied,-with the frank inqulsltiveness of
childhood. ,
. She was told that it was a croquette.
V'Well, what is it made of?" she in
sisted. } $£s*&fl85&®se&&&
"Of chicken," her amused hostess re
plied.
"Oh, I suppose that is the reason it is
called a crow-quette," she naively re
marked.— Pittsburp Dispatch.
Rushing Work on the Wyoming.
Bvery man who can find standing room
on or about the United States monitor
Wyoming, which is being built at the
Union , Iron Works, is at work driving
rivets and fitting plates on the hull of
the vessel. The extra rush is not in con
sequence of the pending scrap with the
"moon-eyed" empire, but rather that tho
vessel may be in shape to make her initial
dip into the muddy waters of the bay in
time to Join in the semi-centennial cele
bration of the Native Sons on Septem
ber 9.
The Higher Ground.
The regular Sunday evening lecture un
der the auspices of the Socialist Dem
ocratic party was delivered at the Turk
street Temple last night by S. Good
enough. The lecturer took for his sub
ject "The Higher Ground," which, he said,
consisted in Knowing one's self. He held
that self-knowledge is the essence of
all practical knowledge, which puts us
on a higher plane and qualifies men to be
socialists. By knowing ourselves we are
able to solve all economic and social prob
lems, and also come to a full realization
of salvation as worked out for us by God
himself, the speaker Bald.
Bernal Park Improvement
Superintendent John McLaren has given
assurance to the members of the Precita
Valley Improvement Club that the work
of improving Bernal Park will be finished
during next month. This park, that has
given so much concern to the residents of
the valley. Is a small strip of oval land
lying in the fork of the two arms of Pre
cita avenue, and when put in condition
will be a pleasure spot to be much en
joyed by the families residing in that
neighborhood. For this and other im
provements in this section President J. H.
Vizzand and Past President John Graham
are to be given credit, as they have la
bored most assiduously in obtaining them.
RAILROAD DEVELOPMENT
IMPROVES REALTY OUTLOOK
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— There have been
no Transactions in real estate during the
week past of more than ordinary mo
m<-nt. Brokers report a steady inquiry
for residence property ajid a good renting
<i*mand.
4 Considerable attention is being given the
¦ '*veJopm«-nts with relation to the Hen
vV''aw-Maedonald electric system from
Point Uichmond to Berkeley. The syndi
cate has announced that it will shortly ap
ply for a franchise through Berkeley and
i.MO Oakland. This move, coupled with
the fact that the Santa Fe Kailroad has
possession practically of the California
ar.<i Nevada road, gives impetus to a
te* :.r:c among real «state men that there
*'in be a. steady improvement in real
?Etate values on this tide of the bay.
Tn*; contracts for a two-story brick
¦tructure, with frontage of 110 feet on
Broadway and 100 feet of depth, at the
tit the fcoutheast corner of Sixth street,
have b*> (n i eU Mrii A n n a Whittel owns
the property. The contract price is $33,000.
i rere wu b« Ktores on the street floor and
oulc^s aLovf
Cruelly Beat a Horse.
The same sulky brute which dumped
Officers Potter and Crackborn into a ditch
at the Six-Mile House ¦when the shorty
pair were bent on their vacation came In
for a thorough beating yesterday at the
hands of John Buckley, a young Califor
nlan aged 23 years. Buckley had hired
the sulky brute from Sam Gilmore, at
Twelfth and Mission streets, on last Fri
day for the purpose of going camping at
Point Pedro. On the return home the
horse refused to move, and Buckley used
a long ptrap, to which a good-sized buckle
was* attached. With this for a whip he
belabored the onimal in such a manner as
to peel the skin off Its legs at every
stroke. Officer J. A. Hayes of the Seven
teenth-street Htation saw the abuse and
placed Buckley under arrest on the charge
cf cruelty to animals.
STORY OF A VIRGINIA MAID.
Mary Ball, "Washington's Mother, as
a Nurse Won a Husband.
Mary Ball, who afterward became the
mother of Washington, was born early in
the eighteenth century, her parents hav
ing emigrated to this country from Eng-
Uid only a few years previously. Her
girlhood was not materially different from
that of the average pioneer child in the
wilderness, and spinning and the other
arts which she learned were such as were
acquired also by her playmates. The mar
riage of Miss Ball to Augustine Washing
ton attracted not a little attention in the
country-side for two reasons— the age of
the bride and the fact that the groom
was a widower. Ii those days marriages
¦were usually contracted when .the girls
were mere children and a bride of 24 was
naturally looked upon as an exception to
custom. The" engagement of Mary and
Augustine was of short duration and the
spring wedding which followed was one
of the events of the year in Virginia so
cial life. There was no bridal tour, but
instead the young couple journeyed to the
estate of the brlaegroom, which enjoyed
the distinction of being the largest planta
tion in Westmoreland County.
I: is only fair, of course, to presume
that the bride was beautiful, but we have
also the authority for it of an old letter,
the writer of which designates her as the
"comeliest maiden" she knows, and grows
very enthusiastic in expressions of admir
ation for her flaxen hair, blue eyes and
cheeks "like May blossoms." Nor was the
love story of the Virginia maiden devoid
of the always-desired tinge of romance,
for tradition has it that the dashing
Augustine gained a realization of her
charms as she nursed him back to health
after he had been seriously injured by the
upsetting of his carriage before the home
of his future bride. The friendship In
augurated on that interesting occasion
speedily ripened into mutual love. Be
reaved of her husband when George was
11 years of age. and with four younger
children to be cared for, she discharged
the responsibilities thus sadly devolved
upon her with scrupulous fidelity and
firmness. — Home Companion.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— Miss Ethel Mld
dleton was the hostess at an informal
luncheon last Thursday in honor of Mrs.
Frank Short of Fresno. The guests were:
Mrs. Frank Short, Mrs. Muller, Mrs.
Rousseau, Mrs. Rising, Mrs. Griffith. Mrs.
Bornmore, Mrs. Moultrie, Mrs. Hays,
Mrs. Akerly, Mrs. Jennings, Mrs.Thomas,
Mrs. Grant.
• '. '¦¦ •>'"¦•
An informal luncheon at which Rev. Mr.
and Mrs. Mynard were the guests of hon
or was given this afternoon at the
Piedmont clubhouse by Mrs. and Miss
Bishop. The decorations were pink roses
and maidenhair ferns. Mr. Mynard was
formerly rector of St. John's Episcopal
Church, and is here on a visit.
The wedding of Miss Nellio Pearl Mc-
Cabe of Berkeley and George F. Martin,
a prominent young business man of Wat
sonville, took place last Wednesday at the
Church of St. Francis de Sales. The Rev.
Father McSweeney performed the cere
mony. A wedding supper was serve* at
the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. H. C. McCabe. The young couple
left for a short bridal trip to Southern
California.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
John H. Nlssen last Thursday evening.
The guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Hallett, Miss Sadie Hallett. Mr. Berg
stein, Mr. Lynn, Miss Lynn, Mr. and Mrs.
ilahn, N. : Hahn. Mr. Labe, Miss Rose
O'Brien. Miss Teresa O'Brien, Mrs. Bas
sett, Miss M. Bassett. Miss Ada Western.
Mr. Phelps. Mr. and Mrs. Halden. Mr.
and Mrs. Schaefer.
The young ladies of Plymouth Guild
gave a surprise party last Thursday
evening to Miss Amy McCall at tho resi
dence of Mrs. J. A. Hill, on Telegraph
avenue. A fad guessing contest was won
by Miss Anita Miner and a game of pro
presslve anagrams" by Miss Grace Duns
moor and H. J. Waters. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Hill, Mrs. McCall,
Mrs. Whitman. Miss Amy McCall, Miss
Reba Ingols, . Miss i Grace Dunsmoor, Miss
Edith Miner, Miss Anita Miner, Miss
Maud Collier, Miss Blanch Collier, MUs
Ollle Bennetts. . Miss Mabel Doub, Misa
Emily Swain, Miss Daisy Alexander, Miss
Frances Alexander: Messrs. Russel Whit
man, Charles McCall, Carlos White, Sam
Bennetts. Dr. James Gilbertson, H. Wa
ters A. Waters, Herbert McFarlin, A. L..
Hannaford. Stephen R. Wood, Archibald
Jones. James Greaves, Alfred Hare.
The Human Interest Club will hold its
next meeting at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. Ring. 554 Thirty-fifth street, on Aug
ust 20. Mr. Ring, Mr. Ulrlch and Mrs.
Fowler have been named as a committee
to arrange a programme for the meeting.
The Starr King Fraternity contemplates
giving a harvest festival during the early
part of September.
The Rollio Club, a new social organiza
tion, met last Saturday evening at . the
IN THE SWIM
ACROSS THE BAY
DISCOURSES BY PASTORS
OF OAKLAND CHURCHES
' OAKLAND. Aug. li— Rev. James E.
I>ay, chancellor of Syracuse University,
New Tork, occ -led the pulpit to-oay at
the First Methodist Church. Dr. Day is
cr.e of the distinguished leaders of Metho
dism in the United States.
Rev. Louis Scucider of the Arcot Mission
India.. delivered an address this <-v*-nin*j
at Market-street Congregational Church.
"Right Method in Religion" was the
theme of a discourse to-day by R*>v. C. R.
Brown at the First Congregational
Church.
Hev. E. R. Fuller prcachrd to-day at the
Fruitvale Congregational Church.
W. E. Eckk-s of the Pacific Theological
Seminary occupied the pulpit of Oak Cha
pel to-day
"Corruption Caused by the Liquor Traf
fic" was the eubject of a discourse by Rev.
A. T. Needham at the Eighth-avenue
Methodist Church.
Mrs. Iiach&el E. Davies of Walertown
preached to-day at Welsh Presbyterian
Church.
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills preached tr-
Ahy at the Firet Unitarian church, his
subject being, "Who Is the Infidel?"
Rev. R. C. Brooks, pastor of the Pil
grim Congregational Church, dellvere.i
an address to-day at the Young Men's
<"Vir1st1nn AKsnriaTion meetinc
Death of Stockbroker Doud.
William A. Doud, the stockbroker whose
ofllce was at 304 Montgomery street, died
at St. Luke's Hospital on Saturday night
from injuries received by falling down the
stairway on August 7. It is thought the
fall which proved fatal was accidental,
as the deceased, when seen entering his
office earlier in the evening of the acci
dent, was perfectly sober.
Strassman Is Insane.
Leopold Strassman, the ex-convict and
"dope fiend" who shot his old, almost
blind father. Dr. Max Strassman, 141S
Larkin street, last Friday morning, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on
charges of assault to commit murder and
insanity. He is a physical and mental
wreck, and was taken from the prison to
a padded cell in the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Strassman continues to improve.
Asylum to Open.
BERKELEY. Aug. 12. — The State Insti
tution for the Deaf. Dumb and Blind will
open on the 22d inst. The buildings have
been thoroughly cleaned and repaired
during vacation.
Influx Has Seen Unprecedented and
Heal Estate Men Find Difficulty
in Supplying Demands
for Souses.
BERKELEY, Aug. 1*.-The academic
year of the University of California opens
lo-morrow. At that time entrance ex
aminations to the colleges at Berkeley,
the Hastings College of law', and, the
medical department wiil ownmence.
Recorder James Sutton expeefs nearly
800 freshmen this year or abotft 200 mere
than entered the college a year ago. This
will be a remarkably large class and
shows the increase in the tendency toward
higner education throughout the State.
livery train is bringing in returning and
new students. The demand for boarding
places has been such 'hat late corners
will find it hard to secure accommoda
tions. All houses ior rent in desirable
locations have been taken, and this in
spite of the fact that there is hardly a
block in the university part of town that
has not had from one to three houses put
up on it during the last six months. One
fraternity was unable to secure a house
and was compelled to rent a ilat, an un
heard of thing in university fraternity
lite. The increase in the number of ac
credited schools throughout the State is
partly due to this unusual influx of
ttudents.
Entrance examinations will commence
to-morrow and close Wednesday. On
Wednesday and Thursday professors and
instructors will keep office hours to con
cult with students. Instruction will be
given for the upper classes on Thursday,
August 10, at 1 o'clock. On Monday,
August 20, at 11:15 o'clock the freshman
class will meet the president and the
faculty in the gymnasium. At the same
hour the cadets in uniform will assemble
at the flagstaff, where Captain Henry
de H. Waite, the new instructor in mili
tary science, will be presented to them.
On this day freshman instruction will
begin.
Remarkable Number of Stu
dents at the University
This Year.
EIGHT HUNDRED
FRESHMEN WILL
ENTER COLLEGE
BERKELEY. Aug. 12.-".\*inet.y-five per
cer.t of the people of Berkeley drink In
toxicating liquors." This statement was
made in an anonymous communication
read before the meeting of the Anti-Saloon
League which was held this afternoon in
the North Berkeley Congregational
Church. Friends of license had been in
vited to present their reasons, either verb
ally or written, why saloons should be al
lowed to run in Berkeley. That 95 per
cent of the people drank was given as a
reason for openl&s saloons here, thus
kef jiing the money frum liquor tales in
town.
"That 95 per cent of the people of this
city rir.nk intoxicating liquors is a He."
t-ai'i Rev. W. H. Soudder. who spoke be
fore the league. "The assertion Is false:
every wi rd -if it." Rev. Scudder denied
that money would leave a town if saloons
were r.ot there, staling- that it was a. law
of political economy that money sought
It? own level.
Other EpeaJcen at the meeting were O.
G. May. the prr-=i<ir>nt of the league, and
Eev. Benjamin K. Fanrrnt.
The Rev. Dr. Ludder Denounces tha
Assertion as One Utterly-
False and Without
Foundation.
Read in Meeting.
Communication Sent to the
* Anti-Saloon League and
SAYS PEOPLE OF
BERKELEY ARE
MOSTLY TOPERS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, August 12.
The first grand rally and essay contest
of the fifth district of the League of the
Cross Cadets, which includes all the com
panies outside of San Francisco, was held
this afternoon in St. Francis de Sales
Hall. The hall was filled with the cadets
and their friends. For the best essay on
"The Moral and Physical Effects of Cigar
ette Smoking on the Youth of America,"
Gerald Lawler, a private of Company N
of St. Francis do Sales parish was dec
orated with a silver medal. Richard
Lloyd of St. Joseph's parish in Berkeley
was Lawler's only competitor.
The young essayists were introduced to
the audience by Lieutenant J. H. Long
of Company K, who presided. Their
papers as they were read showed careful
preparation and a clear Idea of the sub
ject treated. Each was loudly applauded
as he finished, members of the rival com
panies shouting: for their favorites.
It was unanimously agreed by the
judges, Brother Agnln of St. Mary's Col
lege. Professor Martin Centner of the Uni
versity of California, and Lieutenant K. J.
Dowdall of San Francisco, that Lawler
was entitled to tl\e medal.
The winner of the medal Is entitled to
enter the general essay contest to be held
Sseptember 19 in Metropolitan Temple, San
Francisco. Lawler has signified his inten
tion of doing so.
After pinning the medal on the breast
of the victor. Rev. Father Philip O'Ryan
at San Francisco, spiritual director of me
League of tho Cross Cadets, addressed
the assemblage on the "Future of the
League." The speaker dwelt at length on
the good work already done and outlined
numerous plans for the future. He said
that next year instead of writing essays
the young men will compete in debates on
appropriate suhjr-cts.
First Grand Rally of Fifth District
Cadets Attracts Large Crowd
to St. Francis de
Sales Hall.
Successful Competitor in the
League of the Cross
Contest
GERALD LAWLER
WINS MEDAL FOR
THE BEST ESSAY
The Republican National Convention
rrtft June 17. 1S64, at a daik hour -"or tho
national cause. The people were become
restive under the Ion? continuance of the
war. War taxes were burdensome, and
the great suffering and losa of life al
ready experienced seemed after all of un
certain result. The more radical Union
ists had previously met and nominated
General Fremont for the Presidency. Tha
Baltimore convention comprised not Re
publicans only, but the various groups
and faction* devoted to the preservation
of the Union. Every State represented.
Missouri excepted. cast Its ballot for Lin
coln For reasons of policy the second
place on the ticket was given to Andrew
Johnson of Tennessee, a Union Democrat
of strict construction principles.
Peace Democrats controlled the Nation
al Democratic Convention, which met In
August and nominated General George B.
McClellan. Their platform declared the
four years of war a failure, charged the
Republicans with repeated violations of
the constitution and demanded that hos
tilities should cease. The more offensive
articles of the platform were repudiated
bv the candidate tn his letter of accept
ance, but the result of the campaign was
a foregone conclusion. The radical fac
tion withdrew its ticket and Joined In the
support of Lincoln, who was overwhelm
ingly the choice of the States whose votes
were counted. Eleven States chose no
legal electors.
The election marked the turn of the tide.
The war was quickly brought to an end.
In the midst of the rejoicings over th«
conclusion of terms of peace, on tne lotn
of April. 15©. the wise and strong hand
of President Lincoln waa withdrawn from
the heim of State by the act of an assaa-
Iowa College. •
The President early adopted a settled
and logical theory respecting the status
of the seceded States. Refusing to admit
the possibility of the withdrawal of any
State from the Federal Union, he main
tained that the State governments had
been overturned by the act of secession.
He therefore felt himself bound to recog
nize the equal rights In the Union of all
States or parts of States which returned
to their allegiance and to see to It that
regular legal governments ¦were set up in
them as soon as conditions permitted. As
early as December. 1863. a proclamation of
amnesty was made, offering most liberal
terms to those who would take the^ oath
to support the constitution of the United
States, with the exception of certain pe
culiarly guilty classes, and it was pro
vided that whenever In any of the dis
loyal States one-tenth of the voters by
the census of 1S60, having taken the oath,
should set up a State government In ac
cordance with the constitution, such gov
ernment should be recognized by the
President, leaving Congress to pass upon
the admission of its representatives to
Congress was, on the other hand, dis
posed to take the view that the States
which had attempted secession had by
that act divested themselves of the rights
and privileges of States In the Union, and.
having been defeated In their efforts to
withdraw, were not States, as before, but
were rather In the condition of Territories
dependent upon the will of Congress for re
admission to Statehood. New goye-nmenta
in Arkansas, Louisiana and Tennessee
had already received recognition from the
executive before the death of Lincoln led
to a disastrous change In the course of
affairs.
Election in 1864 and End of the War.
eral support throughout the free States,
but there were some within the Repub
lican party who questioned Its constitu
tionality, and there was a temporary fall
ing off in the party majorities.
Other measures into which the adminis
tration believed itself to be forced by the
Intensity of the struggle had a like effect,
gaining only a hesitating approval from
party supporters and calling forth un
measured denunciation from the peace
Democracy. Such were the draft acts, the
suspension of the habeas corpus writ and
the act creating a legal tender paper cur
rencv.
Lincoln vs. Congress on Reconstrnc-
FROM LINCOLN'S DRAFT OF THE EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION.
still held by the loyal forces. The new
administration had a new government to
create almost from the very foundation.
Party Readjustment.
The first shot fired at the flag floating
from the ramparts of Fort Sumter, In
Charleston harbor, roused the North from
Its lethargy and united the people in a
passion of resentment and patriotic devo
tion as years of argument cou'.d never
have done. For the moment party lines
were effaced. The clamor for putting
down armed rebellion by force of arms
¦was loudest of all from the Democrats.
Led by Douglas, whose earnest, wnole
hearted loyalty to his country in mis hour
of her need did much to atone for past
errors, the war Democrats, aa they were
termed, were practically absorbed into
the Republican party along with what
remained of the Americana and Freesoil
ers. There was a tendency to ignore par
ty names and unite all loyal forces In the
one great Union party.
President Lincoln in assuming the head
Of the Government had avowed his single
purpose to be to preserve the Union and
the constitution intact. No "minor mat
ter" was to be considered until the safety
of the nation was assured. To this policy
he held with inflexible purpose, but in a
conciliatory temper, in spite of pressure
from every quarter. The National Demo
cratic party, a mere fragment of its
former self, quickly gathered Itself to
gether, and as peace Democrats assumed
the critical functions of the party in op
position to the administration. They per
sistently opposed the prosecution of the
war, professing to adhere to the strict
construction views ot the constitution
which prevailed in the South, and deny
ing to the Federal Government any legal
power to coerce a State. Doubtless the
party served a useful purpose aa a re
straining influence, annoying and embar
rassing aa that Influence often was to the
Government. There were many who
looked with genuine concern upon the
conduct of a war by the party of loose
construction principles.
Even In the case of previous wars, when
the Democrats had been In power, consti
tutional authority r"id been repeatedly
subjected to severe strain, and there
seemed real danger lest the party of
broad constitutional interpretation should
wreck the foundation of the Government.
But there is no more strongly conserva
tive force than a keen sense of responsi
bility. Such a sense profound and solemn
ever controlled the President's action and
sobered the temper of the whole party.
Extra constitutional measures were ven
tured uBon. as the President and his ad
visers believed, only in obedience to the
sternest necessity. The constitution was
violated that the constitution might not
be utterly destroyed. As the war went
on the opposition of certain elements of
the peace Democracy became more viru
lent, and overt acts of resistance to Fed
eral authority were inspired if not actu
ally instigated by them. Serious riots in
defiance to the military conscription which
became needful occurred In New York
city In 1S63. In numerous instances the
Internal revenue law was deliberately and
persistently violated, and In a few cases
United States officers engaged in the en
forcement of the law were murdered.
Republicans gave various opprobrious
names to the Northern opponents of the
prosecution of the war. That which found
widest and longest favor was "copper
heads," which likened the closest foes of
the republic to the "snake In the grass,"
the venomous reptile In her very bosom
striking slyly and treacherously at the
nation's life. ¦
TJivided, Counsels in the TJnion Party.
But the Republican or Union party was
not Itself a unit. There were those among
its ardent anti-slavery members who be
lieved from the outbreak of the war that
the stars in their courses had fought for
their cause and that Providence has itself
In a tragic and spectacular way called
upon the nation to strike the death blow
of the evil institution. These urged the
administration continually to aggressive
measures of emancipation, and the Presi
dent's steadfast adherence to his great
central purpose, regardless of factional
clamor, won him enemies among them.
Time has fully vindicated Lincoln's
calm strength, his wine moderation and
good sense. To the judgment of the more
radical leaders of opinion his attitude was
one of timidity and Irresolution. He
moved slowly when they would have
driven him swiftly toward the desired end.
Lincoln's quiet reserve of strength, his
patient waiting In the face of misunder
standing and the alienation of trusted
friends until he was assured that the
right moment for going forward had
come, were due In no small degree to his
intimate knowledge of the common, "plain
people" of the country. He knew. that he
must have their sympathy and support
In order to accomplish any enduring suc
cess, and he knew that these were not to be
won in a day. He thoroughly understood
their simple manner of life, the slow
movement of their thought and Its nar
row range, and the steady, faithful ten
acity of their adhesion to a purpose once
formed- as few public men have, ever
residence of Joseph Montz, on Sixth
street. The music during the evening was
furnished by an orchestra composed of
members of the club. At midnight a sup
per was served. Among those present
were: Mr. and 'Mrs. O. Olson. Mr. and
Mrs. R. Wetherwood, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Ax, the Misses
Stack, G. and E. Stack, F. Fitzgerald,
Miss M. Fitzgerald, Mrs. Luckey. Mr.
Mclntyre, the Misses Ad, Mr. Gillen, Mr.
Mitchell, Miss Marshall. Mr. Peterson,
Miss S. Fitzgerald, Mr. Busch, Mr. Car
roll and wife. Miss Sharkey, Mr. Lemon,
Miss Cool, Mr. Richmond, Miss Shepherd,
Miss Fisher, Mr. Ligoni, Mr. Ross, Miss
Elliot, Mr. and Mrs. C. Smith and Louis
Kennedy.
Chief Justice and Mrs. Beatty were en
tertained at dinner last Sunday by Pro
fessor and Mrs. Paget. Other guests were
Judge and Mrs. Slack, President and Mrs.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler and Dr. and
Mrs. George C. Pardee.
The delegates appointed by the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society to attend the Thir
teenth Annual Grand Council, which Is to
be held at Santa Cruz, August 28. are Mrs.
Jennie Jordan, Mrs. James McAllister,
Mrs. Hamilton Coleman and Mrs. Gilbert.
Ho Yow, the Chinese Consul General at
San Francisco, has been invited to deliver
an address Monday evening before the
Twentieth Century Club.
The round-table dinner given at the
Piedmont clubhouse last Saturday by
Mrs. P. N. Lillenthal was in honor of the
eighteenth birthday of her daughter. Miss
Elsie Ltlienthal, Sixteen young friends of
Miss Lllienthal were the guests. The
table was prettily decorated with pink
roses and ribbons and maidenhair ferns.
Amaryllis formed the center piece. A
unique feature of the dinner was a cake
with eighteen tiny pink and white candles
burning brightly about it. After dinner
the young people enjoyed a danco.
Mrs. Frank Burteau with Master Aubert
and Clarisse, have gone to the Santa
Cruz Mountains for a month.
went out to encourage their home team,
but the encouragement was not sufficient
to pull them through, for the score stood
16 to 9 in favor of Stockton. The Stock
ton boys tried to make it 16 to 1, but the
Oaklanders said that they were all Re
publicans and wouldn't stand for anything
of the kind.
This evening the Oakland Lodge held
jinks In their hall for the visiting members
of the order, and tendered them a royal
banquet.
The Stockton boys agTee that the Oak
land Elks can give a good time when they
want to and that they did.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Fifty ( members
of Stockton Lodge of Elks came
to Oakland to have revenge for
the drubbing that the Oakland Elk's
baseball team administered to the Stock
ton Elks three weeks ago on their own
grounds. At the same time the Oakland
Lodge of Elks wanted to give their antler
ed brethren from the Gas City a taste of
what an Oakland "good time" might be.
The visitors arrived last night and the
baseball game was played this afternoon
at Golden Gate. Six hundred Oaklanders
PRINCE DAVID. THE YEARLING JERSEY BULL.
Special IMfpatch to The Call
GLOBE-TROTTING BULL
TO BE AT STATE FAIR
ACRAMENTO. Aug. 12.— The State
Fair, which will open in Sacramento
September 2, promises to be Tinted
for the variety of its f- atures and
he novelty of its exhibits. One of the
most Interesting animaJs to be shown
there !s the highly-bred yearling Jersey
bull Prince David. This animal is a globe
trotter. It first saw the light on th* island
at Jersey, in the English Channel, and
was purchased there for A. B. Sprerkt-ls,
president of tne State Agricultural So
riety, shipped throuch the Straits of Gib
raltar, by way of the Mediterranean Sea,
Red Sea. Indian Ocean and Manila to the
Hawaiian Islands, where It was located
¦m one of Mr. Spreokels' sugar farms. Mr.
Bpreckels latT presented the bull to an
iffieer of the State Agricultural Society
¦•hn fn inTpr*»st*>rt in hr*»*»<11nir far.rv Jprspv
cattle, and the animal was shipped from
Honolulu via San Francisco to Sacramen
to.
The animal !s one of the highest bred
Jersey bulls living and of the .most cor
rect typo and dairy form.
Another interesting animal to be shown
nt th<» State Fair is the two-year-old
Hereford cow Armour Rose. She was
bred and owned in the famous Armour
herd, near Kansas City. Mo., and was pre
sented by Mr. Armour, as the best female
in hi? herd, to the convention committee
as his contribution toward defraying the
expenses of the national convention re
cently held there. She was exhibited in
Fhow windows In Kansas City and after
ward sold at auction with other high bred
Herefords. She was purchased by John
Sparks of Reno, New, for $2500— the
largest sum ever paid at auction for a
Hereford. Mr. Sparks will send her, to
gether with other famous animals owned
by him, to Sacramento.
THE FESTIVITIES AT HIGHEST POINT.
The new Republican party entered upon
Its first administration under conditions,
as President Lincoln said, more difficult
than those which had confronted Wash
ington him3elf. While warlike prepara
tions had for months been going vigor
ously forward in the South, the North had
looked, calmly on, as if expecting the ex
citement to die away once more as In
former days. Probably neither party real
ly expected to come to blows, but the
South was fully determined to settle with
the North the status of slavery. Her
leaders were doubtless ready to dissolve
the Union if driven to extremes, but there
was among the people strong opposition
to secession, which was yet to be over
come by the progress of events. \
President Buchanan, while maintaining
the unconstitutionally of secession, was
unable to discover any constitutional
authority for coercing a sovereign State,
and weakly held his peace while the
power of the Federal Government
crumbled away before his eyes. The
whole military and civil service was dis
organized. Federal munitions of war and
all national possessions within the bound
aries of the retiring States were quietly
appropriated by them. Only Fortress
Monroe, the forts at Pensacola and Key
West and Fort Sumter at Charleston were
known them. When he saw that th!«
slowiy awakening but Irresistible force in
the national life was stirred at last then
he, too, was ready.
The policy of the administration was at
nrst one of exceeding caution In respect
to slavery. Those slaves who escaped to
tne Lnlon lines were surrendered to their
masters If the claim could be proved.
After a time fugitives were admitted to
service In the army. When General Fre
mont, commanding the Department of
Missouri, proclaimed the freedom of
the slaves of that State his order was
overruled by the President. But in Vir
ginia General Butler's more prudent ac
tion of accepting the slaveholder's view
of the negroes as "property," and there
fore liable to confiscation as "contraband
of war," was indorsed and a constant
stream of "contrabands" set in toward
the Union lines. By the end of 1S62. a year
of sad and serious reverses to the Union
arms, the times were ripe for the blow
which should encourage the downcast
friends of the Union and dishearten their
enemies and put them in the wrong be
fore the nations of the. civilized world.
January 1, 1S63. President Lincoln Issued
his emancipation proclamation, by which
all slaves within that portion of the coun
try then in rebellion were declared • free.
This had been preceded three months be
fore by a proclamation addressed to the
seceded States warning them of the Pres
ident's purpose, in case they refused to
return to their allegiance, to proclaim the
freedom of their slaves. The emancipa
tion act was hailed with rejoicing by th«
Northern abolitionists and received gen-
Copyright, 19OO 7 by Seymour Eaton-
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIBS.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
POLITICS OF THE CIVIL WAR PERIOD.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 12.
Henry P. Dalton will not be an inde
pendent candidate for Congress. This is
probably the most important development
of the post-election period.
"My statement issued last night and
that issued before the election mean Just
what they say*" said Henry P. Dalton
to-day. "The primaries are over, and the
people have expressed their wishes, and I
shall abide by that expression."
Whatever inclination Henry P. Dalton
may have had to run as an independent
candidate has been overcome by his friend
Dr. George C. Pardee. Mr. Dalton re
fused to make a statement last night until
very late, and this delay was believed to
mean that he would become an indepen
dent candidate, and when the statement
linally did come it was believed to be the
result of the efforts of Dr. Pardee to keep
him in the party harness.
Dr. Pardee has ambitions toward the
Governorship two years from now, and
the defeat of his friend the County Asses
sor will have a decided effect upon his
future as well as upon that of the County
Assessor. To have had Mr. Dalton run as
an independent candidate would have been
fatal to all ambitions upon that side.
The Democrats of Alameda County were
building great hopes upon the split that
was to be created in the Republican party.
They were ngunrig that County Assessor
Daiton. who lias never hesitated to run
as tn independent' candidate wnen it serv
ed his ends, would kick out of the harness
if he were defeated, and that he would
make an independent run. If that were
the case they ligured that a good Demo
czat would have had a possible chance lor
election and they had already selected
M. P. Tarpey of Alameda, National Com
mitteeman of the Democratic party from
tnis State.
This was one of the reasons why so
many Democrats were supporting Dalton
in his candidacy against Metcalf. In Ala
meda Thomas Stoddard, who Is one of the
henchmen of Tarpey, was out making
Dalton's tight, and all over Alameda
County Democrats were urging Dalton on
in the hope of splitting the Republican
party.
But Dalton has decided that he will not
be a candidate, and so the plans of th©
Democrats have gone astray.
One of the cries made against Dalton
was that he was not a Republican, and
down in the First Ward a job was ar
ranged, but not carried through. It was
proposed to challenge Dalton's right to
vote upon the ground that he was not a
Republican and make him sign one of the
affidavits required as a test which pledge
a man to support not only McKinley and
Roosevelt, but the Republican nominee or
the Third Congressional District. By
forcing Dalton to sign this it was thought
that it would prevent his running as an
Independent. But the challenge was made
against Mr. Dalton's father and not
against the County Assessor himself
The vote of the election Saturday by
precincts is as follows:
FORTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Details of the Vote That "Was Oast
at the Primaries Throughout
the County on Last
Hopes of the Democrats to
Elect a Congressman
Have Vanished.
DALTON DECIDES
NOT TO RUN AS
AN INDEPENDENT
THE SAJS" FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 13, 1900.
STOCKTON ELKS GIVEN
RECEPTION AT OAKLAND
• . •
tion.
* •
XVII.
7
I MetcaJf. i Dalton.
Castro Valley 73 51
Haywarda 113 J29
Alvarado 73 gj
Centervflle 128 4
Irvington 71 : 14
Mission San Jose 43 10
Niles 85 61 -
Newark 53 24
Pleasanton IS! 17
Altamont 15 4
Corral Hollow 63 24
Livermore 143 71
1
1.058 I 479
Metcalf s majority, 609.
FOIiTY-SKVEXTH ASSEMHLY DISTRICT.
I Metcalf. j Dalton.
Elmhurst 127 61
Alameda, Precinct 1 227 1M
Precinct 2 237 105
1'recinct 3 1S1 63
Precinct 4 160 $2
Precinct 5 181 43
T'pper Fruitvale, Precinct 2 68 75
Lower FruitVale. Prec. 1-3.. 167 152
Han Leandro 1S1 17
Kan L/orenzo 153 57
I I -
Totals I 1,652 I 767
Metcalf' ¦ majority. 91S.
FOKTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
I Mctcalf. I Dalton.
I'reclnct 1 3?3 234
I'reclnct 2 206 100
Precinct 3 115 £6
Totals I 714 300
MetcalfB majority. 324.
FORTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
I Metcalf. j Dalton.
West Oakland. Precinct 1.. 42S 212
Precinct 2 216 160
Precinct 3 167 91
B Street 131 70
Emeryville 363 49
Colden Gate 143 64
Lx>rin 72 78
¦\Vee-t Berkeley 23 20
Precinct 9 131 41
Precinct 10 133 21
. Precinct 11 21
Totals I 1.E26 |
806
Metcalf s majority, 1020.
FIFTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTIU
[CT.
I Metcalf. I
Dalton.
Precinct 1
Treclnct 2
Precinct 3
Precinct 4
Precinct 5
200
232
121
245
172
190
167
57
1M
100
Totals I
970
708
Metcalf s majority,_262.
FIFTY-FIRST A6SEME
X.Y DIS1
~Metcalf.
RICT.
| Dalton.
—
152
273
74
47
38
IS
IS
Twenty-third avenue
Thirteenth avenue
Sixth avenue
Fourteenth and Wester Bts..
Piedmont power-house.......
Piedmont. Precinct 6...".....
Cemetery. Precinct 7
Claremont, Precinct 8
Temescal (2), Precinct 9....
Temescal (1). Precinct 10....
Peralta, Precinct 11
Herkeley, A ahny avenue
Berkeley, Telegraph avenue
Berkeley, Dwlght way
Berkeley station
North Berkeley ¦
163
260
1S5
105
82
45
35
26
192
123
78
66
73
68
105
93
(9
106
48
.47
57
70
62
76
Totals .'...;
Metcalf'p majority. 572.
1.603 *| 1.127
I MetcaJf. i Dalton.
Castro Valley 73 51
Haywarda 113 J29
Alvarado 73 gj
Centervflle 128 4
Irvington 71 : 14
Mission San Jose 43 10
Niles 85 61 -
Newark 53 24
Pleasanton IS! 17
Altamont 15 4
Corral Hollow 63 24
Livermore 143 71
1
1.058 I 479
Metcalf s majority, 609.
FOIiTY-SKVEXTH ASSEMHLY DISTRICT.
I Metcalf. j Dalton.
Elmhurst 127 61
Alameda, Precinct 1 227 1M
Precinct 2 237 105
1'recinct 3 1S1 63
Precinct 4 160 $2
Precinct 5 181 43
T'pper Fruitvale, Precinct 2 68 75
Lower FruitVale. Prec. 1-3.. 167 152
Han Leandro 1S1 17
Kan L/orenzo 153 57
I I -
Totals I 1,652 I 767
Metcalf' ¦ majority. 91S.
FOKTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
I Mctcalf. I Dalton.
I'reclnct 1 3?3 234
I'reclnct 2 206 100
Precinct 3 115 £6
Totals I 714 300
MetcalfB majority. 324.
FORTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
I Metcalf. j Dalton.
West Oakland. Precinct 1.. 42S 212
Precinct 2 216 160
Precinct 3 167 91
B Street 131 70
Emeryville 363 49
Colden Gate 143 64
Lx>rin 72 78
¦\Vee-t Berkeley 23 20
Precinct 9 131 41
Precinct 10 133 21
. Precinct 11 21
Totals I 1.E26 |
806
Metcalf s majority, 1020.
FIFTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTIU
[CT.
I Metcalf. I
Dalton.
Precinct 1
Treclnct 2
Precinct 3
Precinct 4
Precinct 5
200
232
121
245
172
190
167
57
1M
100
Totals I
970
708
Metcalf s majority,_262.
FIFTY-FIRST A6SEME
X.Y DIS1
~Metcalf.
RICT.
| Dalton.
—
152
273
74
47
38
IS
IS
Twenty-third avenue
Thirteenth avenue
Sixth avenue
Fourteenth and Wester Bts..
Piedmont power-house.......
Piedmont. Precinct 6...".....
Cemetery. Precinct 7
Claremont, Precinct 8
Temescal (2), Precinct 9....
Temescal (1). Precinct 10....
Peralta, Precinct 11
Herkeley, A ahny avenue
Berkeley, Telegraph avenue
Berkeley, Dwlght way
Berkeley station
North Berkeley ¦
163
260
1S5
105
82
45
35
26
192
123
78
66
73
68
105
93
(9
106
48
.47
57
70
62
76
Totals .'...;
Metcalf'p majority. 572.
1.603 *| 1.127THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. AUGUST 13, 1900.
8
SAS FRAXCISCO CALL.
PTSIVEPS OFFICE of Th» San Franclnco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock even' night In the year.
SXtAKCn OFFICES—^*7 Montgomery street,
corner r;ar; cpfn until 9:30 p. m.
m Hnycs Ktrcet; opcr; until 3:30 p. m.
CS McAllister street; open until ?:-» P- ™.
Rl L-rkln t<tr<-et: open ur.til S:S3 p. m.
ir-41 Tllsrlm Ftrtrt; crer: until 30 p.»m.
2TC1 Mission Ftrrct. corner Sixteenth; open
urtil S ». m.
ICC Elpvoivh street: open until 9 p. m.
W<6 Valore!« street: open until 9 P. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tsckr meets; o]>«j until S P. ~>.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Ix-dre No. 22. F. and A. «
M -THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at % *U_
7:?3 o'clock, f.rft degree. By order of J^^
'' WALTER G. AS'DEnSOX. Sec.
E3CCEL8IOB. Lo_ee No. ICC. F. and A. n
£1.— 6pec!-J -Meting TUESDAY. Au- jU\^
pun i4. at l:C0 o'clock r>. m., for the J^^\
ru' r TH i_Te "brother. PAST UASTEB WM. A.
DOUD. FrVr.ds are respectfully Invited. By
or-ier of the ina ."-Ter.
TIIEO. E. SMITH, Sec.
_I\(f"sOI/tMON"S Lodce ICo. 250. F. /m
an.'. A. M.. Franklin Hall. Flllmore Ft., **
between Bush and Sutt.r— Flirt dPjn -fv e jt
TJiiS EVENING Bt 7:3?> -"clock. /V^
I3ARRT IUEHK. Secretary.
STANFORD Parlor No.
75, N. S. O. W.-Of- :
fi~rs and member* f.ro AcltffS, £ H^«fi^\ 1
reqursied to fcttend the %^Clft»<fc:-i <*^*>jfr \'*ia
funeral of our lat« igi^ZittiiF* '<
brother, WILLIAM A. —aS^TSJ
DOUD, TO-_IOaBOW """^ -—--' ** .
i'TL'E.SDAY), fit 2 o'clock p. m., from the i
Masor.i2 T«np!e. corner Post and Montgom- |
try Ma. By order
WM. F. IIVMPIIRKT, President. j
FRED EL JUNO. Secretary-
6T. ANDREWS 'Society will eele- A <y >,. '
fcra'.e the 12it!i r.nn'v»r-ary of the J, C+Oj I
hiitr. <¦: an wa_.tek scott. oa 'iXvCi.e <
FRIPAT EVENING. ITth in^t.. at *«*b*» ¦
f o'clock, in Seou.sh Kail. 107 Larkin st. Ad- >
tfrrrs by PrOtrtacr Hod sen . Views ar.d vocal ;
telections. Admission 2f>c. rnyable at door. 1
VTILUAM BAX-CAV-S. President.
A. R- PATTERSON. Secretary. |
FORWARD movement meetings. Pythian Cas- j
tie. 9'<-< Merket ¦— . this w.-.k. 2 and 6 p. m. ;
O;as6*s. frf-e r>jieninR lecture. MorwTays. 4 p. J
rr... I^-tV.icn Ouftie: * p. m., I>r. Morse's resi- !
<Jnuce, CI OTarrell Pt.
TH" KBBSal rr.retirc ct the Ladles' Seamen's j
Friend Poejety -a-IU be h«-U at the Pallors' ;
Bnn-.e. Harrison ar.d Main rte.. San Fran- :
o??~<\ rn WEDNESDAY, August Ij, 11*00. at ;
3 o'clock p. m.
MRS. WM. H. RARNES. Cor. Sec.
TliK annual meeting or the WtOCkhoUexm of the •
P— d— c I'miertakiTf wiU be h*M at Ko. 777 j
M;rsi-n Ft., Pan Francisco. C-L, TIIURP- |
I 'AY. Auiruft S?. W<i, a* S o'clock p. m., f:r
tlie election of ilir»ftor« f.->r the mmiac term '
_n<1 also to consider an _— )*_ dmes t to the i
f>y!aw* redncine the nurpbvr of f>ir<»ctors 1
from ? to 7, an-1 the tranFactiAn of surh oth?r j
h'j^iness ns m ay rume before the meeting. •
Transfer books will '-lo*» Monday, August ;
T\ lfr'0, «t 4 o'clock p. m. By order of the I
tx^arrJ of <Jlre<~'or£. j
M. C. GORHAM. S»<T»tary.
AGEVTS WASTED.
A<"!FTVTS of a!«i'ity and f _r>erlrnc.> in life Insur- !
an<v. <"all at room 301, s-97 Market, cor. Sixth. I
F<>rR Kood canvasser* or agents wanted at j
8U3 Fsllmore et. !
TVK handle nenfet novelties for upnts. PA- I
CIFIC AOKNTf STrrrLY CO.. :>4~ ; ISth *t. |
[ ¦ ¦ I
ASTROLOGY.
H3X— , HICKET. netrolcjrist : r«-t your r.oroscpe '
with full cxpla nation "f your f-jrure. ouc: carj 1
i<M0 ng rod D_rm_rtTT. 2'c. ::<33 Mission et. |
ATTOBXEYS AT LAW.
R. TV. KING, attorney at Ia»-. S27 Market St., ;
room. €27; **tate«. darr.aires, attachments, '
bankruptcy, collect ions; ail casep; fair fe«?, '
no advance charge?; money losned on estates.
AT'VICH free; divn— -e law a xjwi.-Uty; private;
no f«> mltfaoijt eiiooees; collection?. O. W. !
HOWE, any at law. SiO Slarket, cor. Stockton, i
FREE advice; divorce Jaws, damag-i^?. estates. I
crllectiorss. J. A. Mitchell. 314 ilontgcmery. j
ADVICF: free; no charjre ur.lesi" vscceaafnl. W. i
W. DAVIDSON, sr Market St.. opp. Mason. \
L. B. CLAHK, F.mrr.a Spreckcls bldg.. iT, Mar- I
krt st.; consultation free: no fe»s in aflv^nce. :
CTJETEK IinnMAS J.. attorney. ?n Market j
Ft., r. ZZ>; o;>?n eve. 7-S; consultation free. :
' 1 ¦ j
J--TOMOBI-,CS.
Al'TriMOIill.FP — FP.ro WARD & SOX. i
Agent*. 46 Fremont Ft.
n\ni cabixets.
ROB1XFOX fr.. 4-psneI foldir.y: door opens; firrn '
cni f*<p. W. S. liROWN. yen, apt.. 42? Ei'.'.s. '¦
BBLCIAX QAAES.
r 1
Iy~>Rr> FASHCnA CHIEF and Lady I^imbT ¦
:!r«t 1 r\r.» in E— d_o4. at 314 Golden Gate ave. •
DOABDiyC FOR CUILDHEX.
HKATLf1SY~s^rr^i[^rir~^tIke~_^SuT~_) \
~-fctnjrg<; at hume. Isl Hickory ave.
GOOD honie; private Fchooling; music; terms I
V.I a n-.onth. Box 2S4?. Call. '•
ill MM>>- CHANCES.
A-SIKO; DAIRY, rrotfuce and dellcacy~ store i
v. : -.;. milk route; 4 horses, 2 wagons. 1 bug^y, '
3 ccts liarn^se. cream separator, etc.; rent '
tZ,; btwinr-ss cli'_rlug SIM per month. Call It. ¦
OttlLKn, 26>- Keuray tt.
A-S3CH;; CORNER grocery and bar; one block j
south of Market and Fifth sts. ; rent J4S; a '¦¦
eocd correr; iill ce>h trade, mostly la bar. i
'OH K. <i. WILKE, 26^i Keamy »C
A— J4-G; RESTAURANT, with tell furnish-d
roomti 1 block from Chronicle; rents SI7 60; .
the place clfars 1125 per month. Ca!l It. G '
V II.KE. 2U 1 , Kearny Bt.
A— f750; SALOON, with pool table; close to;
Call bliic. ; rent JCJ; a splendid location ar.d :
trocd paying business. Cail R. G. WILKE. :
'¦K.\i K'arr.y rt.
A— Sr«O; DELICACY ar.d dairy produce, in Ala- •
iBtda; rent \<i; dally receipts ?12; b.Tsiness eg- :
_ tabl. S yeans. Call R. G. WILKE, rcvi Kearny. j
A— S£0>-: RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa- '
Mr Iron: ; rent t:5; bartain. It. G. WILKE. I
JCS Keamy St.
A-J1QK-; CORNER crocerx- end bar: established
Visr* tnd kr.own as a money making place: '
lw*t location: close to Chronicle Luilding _ee !
Jl. <i. WILK;:. 7S% Kearny tt.
|10C»-6ALOON near Mari;et st.; hnrpain, go- '
\r.e n»»'t rauso of fale. McLAU-HLIX ' &. '¦
_ <:O.. 777'^ Market st. j
JSW— CORKEIt Kr.KTO' and b_r; bargain: eolne :
i:sst ca\i»v ct E»ie. McLAl.'GIILIN <_ CO. 1
fTPi .".::.:k-1 St.
$":'•".— SALOON; dojiarture cause of Fale. Me- i
LAirOHLIX & CO., 777^ Murkft st.
3;7i — li'JTCIIKIl shop: proiiwrous country !
town; I argain. McUUGKUX & CO. 777>4 i
Market gt. . : j
/-t^J: BCTCIIKJt rhop. with her* and cart: !
furnierje.1 complete: established and conducted !
rucct-sf.fully icr years; in a f!rst-clas>s i
v.'.zhiiOrhciQC.; north at Market st. ; rent, with '
Fistlf-. enly t» monthly; will give a long ;
J"at>e t" it desirable tenant: other encaxe- c
nr.«-n** demand <»»-ri«>r' s atroatior. and Ci.mp»Ia !
Fai-rlflr»: ti:is bargain ran not bs equaled 11 i
f a brooks. :; Go-ien q__» nve. ;
A—VfKB: CANIJY and i^e ci»om parlors, with j
rectory, *n thf* lx*^t locatim n'jrth of i
Market: fine fixtures; good iui*ln»i>«. clearing
BW nmnthly. LANE & CO.. SCi Market st.
A-12:, : LOnOING-HOrSE. 9 rnr?Tro7ntr7lly"lo^
cpTfi. all nr.i-. rented; owner must sell leav-
ln« State. STENBERO CO.. »K Market at.
PARTNER with $600 in optical buslne?«T money j
tio object; reopi-.g from $0M to $1000 Der '
ytaaotb: r-.v*t be a .graduate optician. Box I
2^!. Call office.
GROCERY, bar ar.d stock win lie sold 10-11 a.
m. to-day. Ninth end Fclsom Ets.
8AT/OON for rale. opi>os!te ferry. Apply 111
BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present j
owtier thT? 0 year*. 607 Third st." '
FIVK bnk-— y anJ res'aurant; cs:abil»hed trade; I
f"ir s«!f at reaRcnflbl^ price; Felling account I
of ilineas. 714 Valencia st. i
AN intf-r'st In a paying legitimate business,
when; service* r.l capable man are reqi:lreti:
tn»c-Fti»rai!on and refneef. A. B.. bcx 32. Call.
BESTACSAKT :if-a.r 3 facU>rie«: rno<\ buFlneaa, I
cJit-jj rent; lar^e yard with chickens. OK
BtvaOb st.
Foil B»ile — Uutcher buslnees. near cltjr; munt
f^»ll at itf.it Ai'1re«s P. O. box IS. South San
Fr-nci«co. San M?.t.eo County, Cal.
VOU SALE— A bargain: a Fmall ml!k business;
o^n-.p'.cte. Apply H. DLAXKES', .Six-ilile
Hou»f. San Ilruno Road.
FOU sale— tltoo will buy a Email mjam laun-
«li-y in a <*ountry town in California. Address
bo* ::24K. C»ji nffier.
POAHDING-HOUSF.. 26 rooms north of Mar-
ket; a baiTatn. EMERY ft SMITH. 3 Eddy.
WANTED— Oood clear et-nd north of Market
pt. Addrees box 1505, Call offlce.
OLD established saloon on East ft. for sal* at
QQ<e. Call 25 East at.
OLD and bmrt established dellc-Cjr store In city.
U-x. 1916. Call clflce.
*
nrsixEss chaxces — continued.
i FOR cale— Steam beer brewery with saloon and
I bottling works attached; everything In tes>t
working order. Address City Brewery, Santa
Barbara. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and cafe doing good busl-
ntas; gocd location; reason of sale, other busi-
ngs; fullest investigation allowed: will take
part trade. Address box 3277. Call office.
TO r.KNT-For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered; ccntalr.s 3
stalls: rent only J15; water free. Inquire \\ M.
i HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
ATTENTION shoemakers!— Fine store to open
shoe business in rapidly growing neighbor-
hood; no opposition: fixtures In; 4 rooms. Cor.
Third ave. and Clement; Sutro cars pass door.
DRESSMAKING jiarlcr to let; business estab-
liB-Od. ;CJ Halght st.
TOIt SALE— Saloon; good business; cause, slck-
i ne«i. Inquire 44 Second Ft. •
j $175— DELICACIES and branch bakery: 3 living
j room;'; rent %li. with water. 428 Sixth St.
! COFFEE and tea routes tupplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offl?e. 2200 Flllmore at.
i A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
I tuhfcrii tiens has been established at 1096
j Vn'rn<-ia 5t.
Lonoi.vfi-iiorsics for salis.
I Wi CW DBCKBH,^ I«9 MARKET ST.
j 40-rw>yn house, on Powell st $2500
I 10-roum; ue»; el^srant furniture 550
I 21-rooro- clear? J1o» 1250
I FELL HOUSES ON INSTALLMENTS.
I li5-rcom boarding house; full $1300
I S-ruoni flat; downtown 400 ;
! 24 roorrs; tine corner; clears $200 2G0u
' I LOAN MONEY AND CHARGE NO COM-
MISSION.
: l'X-roora house in payments 10 suit $4500
! HOUSKS FROM 2 TO 200 ROOMS. FROM $150
TO $10,000.
' DKCKEH, 1023 Market St., phone Mint 78-
A BIG bargain; partly furnished corner.
Flrt:;. 6. 7. g, 9 rooms, fcwO. *4W to $210
14 r.. pan cash; rent J45; full: pays well 450
S3 r. <hotc?i): 3-yr. lease; income $S00 mo.. 1600
35 r.; cor.; r<>nt J8.">: income $»20 3100 i
44 r. ; rwk; clean; l>on ton; money ma_er;
Ir.w rent; part cash; low interest; fine lo-
co tion SOOO
B* r(N.mt; JIOOO. J2T00. $3300 and./ 70C0
Ix>n« Hat: r-learr call. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mar-
ket, nr. Cal! bidg. ; room 1; tel. Black 1803.
A— 22-P.OOM rooming-house; central $1000
ll-rocm house; $300 down, balance easy.. 500
2<)-rf>om house; Urst class 1050
SA-roon 1 bouse; all newly furnished 3100
11-room house, $475: 6-room flat 315
FISHER_&_CO.,JW2 Market tt^
HOT.'Sr^? from 10 to ISO rooms; _uod locations;
hinfst value, perfect title jjuaranteed to buy-
ers; raor.cy leaned; to buy cr sell your lociglng
hniiF? or furniture ar..l Becure satisfaction I
writ« or call SCHWF.iNHARD & CO., 917
Market st.. above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
ltOOMIXtf house of 44 rofvms; north of Market;
bt-H laying house in city. EMERY & SMITH,
3 i;ddj st.
TRANSIENT house of Zi rooms; flne loc-tlon;
must arlL EMKRY & SMITH. 3 Eddy Bt.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. l6M"M_ritet~_-
15 rooms; $230 cash- bal. $10 monthly $423
24 roomy; cornel; r«nt $70; only 1250
51 rooms; r«nt t'.O^; comer 2SM j
WELI-r-Fl'nXISHED hrune of CO rooms clo«e to j
the theater**; al! runny room*; lea*?: electric i
elevator: c:ea»-ine $l'.n to $200 mo.; for ca*h or
will tn!<e smaller house In part payment.
B<-,x S!7S. Call offlre.
FOR sa!»» account of Kicknesa— Newly furnished I
9-ro'im houfe; i> steady roomers; pays rent; !
price J^ffi. Call at 1212 Howard St.; no agents. |
WILL pay cash for lodging-house; 25 to 40 j
rcxttr.r; must be a bargain. Box 195L Cn.Il.
WANT a lodging-house, 100 to 123 rooms; must
be cheap. Vox 1G0C. Call office.
CARRIAGES A.\D WACOXS.
FOR sale cheap— A good phaeton; adapted for
family cr country use. Devisadero-st. rftable.
£34 Uevfj^dero Et.
ALL kinds of -wacons, bu^ies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AX & SON. 2117 Mission st.
FOR «ale— Doctor's buggry team, cheap. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 60i Golden Gate ave.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single, also light
camping wagon, fcr sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NKW ft id-has- wagon", buggies, carts A har-
ii"^. Ti-ork & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTOXS.
MFT of all kinds ct photo buttons and Jewelry;
•wholrsale and retail; Bend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market at.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAMXO.
WHEN you bocorae disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULniXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Jng Works. 2o3-S57 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
40J Ptev>:npcn ft.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beatlner and Reno-
vating Ci .. 240 Fourteenth £t. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteun CorpA-Beating Works, Q. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Rth et.: tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc Der yard, laid at 4c.
ETRATTOX'S. 3 E-ghth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Miin 3SL Gi:O WALCOM. proprietor.
CO.NKLI.VS Carp-t-Iieating Works. 333 Golden
riutf av?. ; telephone East 1"6.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath. 1306 Larkin
«>t. ; apply 1318 Larkin.
COTTAGK 01 !> bunny rooms, basement, |1_
32TH- Morris ave.. off Bryant, near Sixth.
GROVE. 7:0H — 4 large sunny rooms, gas, bath;
separate yard and srarden.
SUNNY cottage, 212M: l J <rry St.; rent reason-
ab!e. Apply G. II. CUB-EX A CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
3 KOOMS; JR; 137 Sunnyside ave.. or will sell
156 cath, 110 per month. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. T.<iC Market Ft.
SPIRITUALISM. I
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world^renowrT-
«»d eniritua! medium; advice in all affairs of
life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the
wjiat-jtfd; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.. 1
Wed. anil Fri. evening*; come and be con-
vinced. (Permanently) C13 Eddy, bet. Hydo
and Larkin; no Flsn.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 638 Mls-
slon;. readings daily; J5c. r.Oe and Jl; circle
Tuts., Thur-.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; ;0c.
MRS. LESTER, circle this~evenlng. 8 p. m.;
10c; sittings daily, 5Cc. 127 Turk st.
GO to V.-ATSOX. "only" criminal "gypsy palm-
ist and nif-dlum." lfcSl Market St.. nr. 12th.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; eitt'ng $1. 1104 Market.
MRsTrENNER. ltTFern"Tve.. bet. Sutler and
Push, nr. Polk; planet reader; ladiea only Cue.
MR?. ICOTTrR. 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day 2 &
S i>. m.; 10c; sittings daily; O. Jl; L. 50e.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 23S McAllister— Mrs. C. .1.
Meyer, sit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. STODDARD. wonderful spirit messages;
Turs. and Thurs.. S p. m.; 10c. 278 Ninth st.
E. J. HATCH: circles; Sun.. Tues.. Thurs.. 7-31
I». -1.. Fri. 2:30: git, dally. 13Sg Market, rm. 26.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
r»eoer. born with double veil & second sight
diagnoses diseace with life reading?; ladles 6<»c;
; grnts Jl; palm & cialr. nit. $1 JO. 12G Turk ct.
1 MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past.
i present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
912 MIerIou; laOjp?, 2,"-c; gents, 60c; Frawley.
ilMB. Z.EREDA. the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st. : no sign.
MME. LCNEMAR— Fortunes *by planets; pn»-
I dieted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mascn Bt.
WHO to rr.arry: hew to win him (her), 2ic. L.
DTKRSSEX. mind culture. 5 Seventh it., S. F.
MISS MELVILLE, prcat clairvoyant and vrater
mider; German speken. 92U> Mission. cp.Mlnt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reaflor and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Miss iort s
I MME. ECIIAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 2i2' / j Sixth at. ,
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names gtveu: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME P YHILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture; Sic: ladles. 814 O'Fnrrell et.
j COLLECTION- OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less yuccesFful. Room 310. g?7 Market st.
DENTISTS. ~
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood b!dg.. you can
have your extraction* done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
IS r« up; piates. extractions fret. $1 JO up; of-
fice hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. D to 2
p. m. G. \V. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has . returned from
the Paris Exposition with . some • of the finest
patents for painless, dentistry. Plates,' teeth
without a plate, crown and brldgewortt; all
work warranted; plates., full set, ¥5: fillings,
SOc; crown.ta^O. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 eth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full fcet of teeth. U: crowns. J3; filling!, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and 8un-
_-ay.. ISO. Market ._. corner Sixth. •
DENTISTS.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like now; teeth
from $3 per set: extracting. 50c: Kas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk "St. ¦ ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
1? pag«^<. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S DcT7ii7FpTiar"posTrFmmore-
Advice nnd medicine 75c: city visits $150: .-.11
treated: dogs bonnled. Tel. West 6W.
DR. CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggist* or at hospital. S10 Golden Gate av.
DHESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking amf Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1013 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French eystem. 411 Van. Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st.. dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made o\ r er; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
echolarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
2u new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school ror tho university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and class?* taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
; VIKKE, Lyceum Theat-r School of Actloar.
j 310-312 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lesions
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
Is'ELL. room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; i
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt.. 423 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS COLLEGE, ir.fi Market Et.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. our-,
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : aot. 1S64.
I VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 205 Larkln—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German: pupil of Conservatory In
Leipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poat bt.,
S. F. ; founded 1S6S; SO-pnge catalogue free.
I LE JKUNE Art and Craft School: modeling.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: *stab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japan»so-Chine«e emp. office — Be«« help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush CT3.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter-. tel. lllaek 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Of nee;
best hfflp furn.: tel. John 21C1. KW-Vi Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
He*t help. 411H O'Farrell et. : tel. Ea«t 42fl.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTKD — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Norwegian parlor maid and
waitress wants a position: IH years last
place. MISS CULT-EN. 325 Euttcr Bt.
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under- I
stands German, French and American cook- '
Ing: ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN. '
825 Sutter st . |
RELIABLE middle-aged lady seeks position as
housekeeper; needs a good home. Address A.
B.. 216H Sixth St., room 5. '!
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper; city or '<
country. 206 O'Farrell st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, flfst-class i
cook, rtrong and active, wishes situation as
Independent cook or housekeeper In good fam-
ily, farm or Institution; can do cooking for
30 to CO persons; speaks only German. 725 I
Eiphth St., Oakland.
A YOUNG lady would like a good home in
country: n-111 assist in light housework; no
washinp; state wages. Address box 2009, Call
offlce, Oakland.
WOMAN wants work for a few hours morning ]
and evening: sewing, clerical or housework, i
Box 2933. Call office.
GIRL wants a plnre In bakery or candy store; 1
speaks German and English: Box 2S41, Call, j
WOMAN wishes srwing and mending to do at
home. Call at 11C Sixth Bt.. room L
DRESSMAKING— A thorougii fitter In tailor
and evening suits; $1 00 per day. 244 Taylor.
WOMAN wielies plain sewing and mending
to do at home. 890 San Jose ave. *
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kte; 2C0 rooms; 2r>c to Jl 00 night; » 50 to J6 '
week: convenient nnd respectable; free bus
and liagRaje to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions!
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptlcns has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A COMPETENT man and wife deslre~Bltua^
tions; understand all kinds of ranch work-
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG man wants position to take charge of
restaurant or oyster houso. Address (JEO
MILLER. Winchester Hotel. ES Third st.
SITUATION — German. Ph. D. (Lelnslc). 25 y •
unmarried: strictly temper.; English. French,
Russian, Latin; piano, organ; scientific: li-
brary; translation and tuition work; lato i
teacher Tokio, Japan, Government College of |
Languages; with attests and references;
wants any suitable position. 273 Ninth St.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and !
tools, wants light work; no milking; good ref- !
erences; good home tho object. H. W 410
Sixth st.
COACHMAN; thoroughly understands his bu«i-
ness; young man with best oi city references;
flrst-class all-round horseman. Address J C
box S936. Call office.
SPANISH and English correspondent, stenog-
rapher, translator, Interpreter, desires posi-
tion; 2 years' experience; references. Addre-s
1021 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by one advanced in mind-
his object Is home, no money; desire tlmo
to write and think for the world. Address
box 3:&0. Call office. !
STEADY, reliable man wlshe3 place, as coach-
man and gardener; city or country; refer-
onceB. Box 2US3, Call office.
MAN (35) would like to have some kind of
L°i\&cZi\^° 1 p - m - dally - AddleS8
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position ns
bartender or anything in grocery store- flrst-
clats reference. Box 1J>?6, Call office.
A YOUNG man. single, gardener, with best of
bo? l S r 9 2; e c5i e omce. e ' lreB ' PlaCe " Addreas
NIGHT watchman with best references would
iz- C Turk >C ' iltlOn ' Addres " C - HARTMANN.
NURSE, graduate ot an Eastern training
school ar-d experienced masseur, wishes a
position. Address A. M- 317 Stockton st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class restaurant
cook. Box 1945. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st. 1
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109G Va-
lerscla st. ,
EXCHANGE^
TO exchange for Oakland oT^AUrn^XTnTprov-ed
property, a homo place In Santa Cruz: house
or 6 rooms, largo lot barn, room for two
horses, hay and carriage: no Incumbrance;
value $2000. Box 4C03, Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS^
E 7 E S examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Mwnasse. oculist optician. 810 Mkt.
~~
IF vou have stocks or bon-3r"or^nT-~kTnd~fSr
Efl"- call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWR1TING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO . LET. "~~
ELEGANT sui«Ty~corner r 'flaC 6 rooinsiiind'bath"
4600 Eighteenth >t., west of Castro.
FINE lower sunny S-room flat; $10: cheap. _8
Pine place, off Pine st.. near Mason. -
FINE flat. 7 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments. 625 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath; rent J12
716 Natoma st.. between Eighth and Ninth. ¦'
FLAT. 3 rooms and 6unny yard; water free-
17. Apply at E24' Fell ..st. ¦¦:.•' -¦..... ' '
HAIGHT, 456. near Flllmore— Flat of . t sunny
rooms; modern improvements; yard and base-
ment.
* I
PLATS TO LET.
HYDE. 717. bet. Post and Sutter— A beautiful
eunny flat, 4 rooms, bath; desirable location;
modern improvements; elegantly fitted.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN sunny 6-room flat, yard, etc.: rent
reasonable. 9 Chattanooga st., bet. Dolores
and Church. -
ON account of departure; elegant new lower
fat. 7 rooms, bath, etc.; 838 Geary St., be-
tween Larkin and Polk. Apply on premises.
$LV— NEW 5-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free; 374S Twenty-socond. nr. Castro. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
...PLAT- TO LET— Fl'HMSIl_U.
SECOND, 5_^Two~nIce sunny rear flats. 3 and
4 rooms; rent $8 and $10: bath, yard.
___^JF'Un,\ITUItE FOR^SALE.
FURNITURE bedding, etc. of 3 rooms for
¦ sale cheap. 816 Division St.. below Folsom.
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth; call
after 5:30 p. m. or Sundays.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak* for $4S 50. with No. 7
lanpo. K;n^ Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
PDRXITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Mnrlcet Et. ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1S05 Lnrkln;tel.Polk 094;
furniture & furr.'d houses bought, spot cash.
$25— THE furniture of 3 rooms; complete for
housekeeping; rent $S. 217B Perry st.
$3000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
II. Sllverstein, 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry <fe Co.) buys
furniture, carpet*. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WAKTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
' HOTEL ORDERS
Waitress. Paralso Springs, $20; 3 waitresses.
Woodland, X20; waitress, Berkeley, $20; San
Jose, $25; Jo-rysvnie. $20: Palo Alto, $25; Car-
ville, $20; Vallejo, $20; Coultervllle, $25: New-
man, German, $20; Orovllle, $20; waitress, in-
stitution. $10: second girl, same place. $20; 2
waitresses, Cornlns, $20; Wlnnemucca, Nev..
$25; 2 German chambermaids, city, $15; 5
chambermaids to wait, $20; fancy Ironers;
plain lroper.
FAMILY ORDERS
Houseslrls, Alameda, $20: 2 houseEirln, San }
Rafael. J25 and $20; San Rafael, $25; Healds-J
burg, Jj: ; Santa Rosa. $20; San Mateo, $20;
German girl, Palo Alto, $15; Haywards, -San
Leandro. J20; woman with a child. *20; 2
bushel-women, JS week; nursei?lrl. $12. nnd
housejjlri. same family, $16. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 GERMAN cooks, city, $35 and $30; 6 cooks.
$25 each; housework. San Mateo, $23. '*"O
lady here Monday morning; Mill Vallc-y.
$20; Vallejo, $25; Isleton. $3); Berkeley, S20;
Concord. $20. and several other towns; co,»k
nnd second girl, Fame house, across the Day,
530 and $20; woman cook, restaurant, H;a:''i-
burg, $33; cook, private boarding-house, l'alo
Alto. $25; a Swedish laundress, $25; working
housekeeper, country. $12, fare here; mother
ami daughter or two friends as cook and
waitress, boarding-house. $30 and $20: 40
housework Klr!.i. city. $20 and $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
COOK, Redwood City, $30; waitress. Institution,
425: laundress, country hotel, $20; two sec-
ond jtirls. country. $25 each: cook, country. $35; I
houaeKlrl, Belvedere, $30; second Klrl. Oak- j
land, $25; two housegirls, small American 1
family, $23 f-ach; nurseglrl, $20; a mtddle-
airrd woman to assist in hotel. $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. _^
RENT free; 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, good
location, to a couple or woman with home
employment, with reference; exchange for 1
hour's work dally. Box 194B. Call offlce.
WOMAN to assist in housework and mendlnar:
ifood home; wages $6; short distance from the
! city. Box 1033. Call offlce.
I — _
! NEAT German or Swedish girl for general
! housework; must be good cook. 2426 Pino st.
THOROUGH girl for general housework and
1 cooking; good wages. Call mornings at 1S33
! Ellis St., near Scott. !
YOUNG Rirl to assist In care old 'lady and help
in housework; $15. Call 2 to 5 at 1706 Broad-
"•ay.
; WANTED— A middle-aged woman to take care
! of child. Apply between 10 and 11 a. m. at
! 1453 Franklin 6t.
I — .
WANTED— A reat girl for general housework.
1218A Fulton at., near Scott.
I LADY solicitors wanted; a new thing; pays
well; no experience necessary. Write box
1919, Call office.
GIRL for general housework: 4 In family; no
¦washing; must understand cookiner; wages
$20. 1608 Scott St., near Sutter.
YOUNG girl, speaking German, competent to
take charge of a one-year-old baby, can find
desirable and lasting employment at 1302 Post. '
COUNTRY hotel: 1 waitress nnd a Klrl to do !
laundry work: fare paid. See proprietor for 2
days at 3033 Twenty-third St., telfl. Capp 9M.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit,
preparing and canning; steady work; highest
wages paid; premiums paid for quick work, i
Apply Immediately U. S.. FRUIT PACKING
CO.. Harrison ave., betiween Seventh and
Eighth sts., off Folsom.
300 GIRLS end women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girla for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornian Canneries Co.. Ltd., Brannan St..
between Third and Fourth. •
QIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32Vi Fremont st.:
no experience, necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts. ;
WANTED— Girl for general housework at 1001
Bnker st., wno understands cooking; wages
/Slj without windows and washing. $20 with. •
WANTED— An active woman as representative
for wholesale house on the road. Box 1997,
Call office.
SEWERS on ladies' gowns to take work home.
723 Market St., room 35."
SEWERS on ladles' waists to take work home.
723 Market St., room 35.
Al OPERATORS wanted on cloaks. Apply M.
SIMONOFF. 122S Market St. ' .
2 GOOD experienced vestmakers at 8>i Antonio
st., bet. Elll» and O'Farrell. off Jones.
WANTED— A girl to do cooking. Coll at 136S
Geary st. . . '
CIHL for housework In a small family. 1708
Octavla st. •
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply at 3320 Twenty-second st., near Valencia.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
.wages $10. 2005 Pine st.
GIRL for housework and children; wages $20
to $25. CGI Geary st. s ; - ¦' ¦
APPRENTICES and girls for dressmaking
wanted at 1407 Lacuna st. '
GIRL for housework and plain cooking, $20.
1533 Geary Et.
GIRLS wanted Apply bookbindery, 638 Clay
street.
YOUNG woman for general housework: refer-
encea required. 1007*4 Harrison St., nr. 6th.
NEAT slrl to do light housework; sleep at
home. 120 Twelfth st.
FIRST-CLASS waist hand. Call after 12. 1264
O'Farrell st. ¦¦'-¦¦:
GIRL for cooking and general housework: 4
in family; small wash. 2700 California st.
GIRL for general' housework. 720 Fourteenth
St., above -Church: Castro-st. cars. .. . -
GIRL to assist in general housework: wages
$15; evfininars off/ 1S20 Butter »t. ;¦:.-•-¦¦•.--:
WAITRESS wanted. 615 Valencia St.; $18 a
_nionth and room. ' ¦
WANTED— A tallorees; steady work In stor«.
U75A Market Bt. -.C / ;
GIRL to attend office; wages $3 per week.
Standard Laundry Office. 114 Hayes st. <
GENERAL lroner wanted. Standard Laundry, ¦
114 Hayes «;• .
WAITRESS wanted; etcady. Bruess' Cafe, 70
Third st."
A GIRL to work In shop: wages 84 per week;
must bo neat and intelligent. Box 1618, Call.
COMPETENT woman; general housework; $15.
Call 3641 19th St.. bef oro 10 or, after 3 only.
WANTED-^-Firet-class finisher on custom coats
•¦¦' and bushellng. -- 623Vf Post , at. .-':.'-
YOUNG woman to watt at table and sew for
family; , wages $20. ; 340 - Page, cor ! Buchanan.
GIRLS from 14 to 1G to loam cigar making;
paid while learning. 303 Eighth Bt. £.< i
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL to assist In light housework and tend to
children; wages $S; good home. 1930 Stockton.
A GIRL for light housework. 1477 Valencia st.
WANTED— A. woman cook at "Will" A Res-
taurant, 755 Market ft.
2 WOMEN to work on military clothes. 2916
Lron st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. 328
Eddy st.
SMALL girl to take care of baby; must sleep
home. 501 Geary st., cor. Taylor, room 35.
WOMAN to take care of 1 or 2 children; Ger-
man preferred. 1300 Turk 8t.
GIRL to help In house and take care of, child.
603 Lyon Bt.
COMPETENT girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 1217-Grcf-nwich st.
WANTED — A competent girl for cooking and
houstwoik; references preferred. 2519 Wash-
ington st.
WANTED— Girl to do plain cooking: wages $20.
2210 Central ave.
WANTED— A flrst-class button-hole maker:
6tea<ly work. 40 Ellis Bt., rooms 41-42.
A YOUNG lady to learn halrdresslng. Apply
1C08 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gent'" white
shins; steady work good hands. 535 Valencia.
APPRENTICES. to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. 541 Market et.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom »t.. between *13th and 14th.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
<£¦- HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts.
good pay. 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelv-d at Call branch ofttce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038 Va-
lencia £t.
HELP AV ANTED— MALE.
15 FRUIT packers and dryers, $1 and $1 15 day
and board; milker and wife for Nevada. $30:
farmer and wife. $43; 2 farmers for Napa.
County. $25; stickerman. $3 day; blacksmiths.
$3 day; 8 miners. $3 and $2 SO; 2 muckers, $2
day: £0 laborers for lumber road, $26 and
board; 20 railroad laborers, free fare; woods-
men. $30 to $50 and board, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacraniento at.
COOK for Central America, $50. fare paid;
cook for mill crew. $40: cake baker, country.
$i0 to $30; baker's helper, city, $40; ranch
cook. $20; waiter and wife, country hotel. $45;
dishwasher, country, $30, fure paid; 3 bell-
boys, $15; restaurant and hotel waiters, $25
and $30. and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 623 Sacramento st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 G*-ary st.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters. Bakersneld $2 a day
200 teampters. Coast road 12 a day
100 lnborers for different divisions
Ship dally Offlce fee $1 Free fare
WantM for big tunnel, Chatsworth Park:
60 tunnelmen $2 to $2 50 a day
Ship dally Offlce fee $1 Free fare
IB laborers, concrete work. Coast road. J2 25
day and up Fee $1 Free fare
20 fruit picker?. $1 day and board; 20 swamp-
ers for woods. $30, fare advanced; miners and
machine men. $2 50 and $3 a day; gardener
and wife, $50; farmer and wife, $35; 6 stable
men, $25 «nd $30; blacksmith. $43; wagon-
maker, $45: harnessmaker. }35: 6 milkers, $25
and $30; sawyer. $45; farmers, choremen and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef. $75; night cook, $50, country restaurant;
ranch cook, $20; hotel baker. $50; German
butcher, country, $33; dishwashers, kitchen
hands, bellboys, porters and others.
Extra Ironer, hotel laundry. $1 50 day and
found, free fare; marker and distributor, $50:
polisher. $'0; 6 ironere. $25 to $35; all-round
lnundryman, $15 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A BARKEEPER; flrst-class place, country; $75
a month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
EXTRA man. first class country hotel, $1 GO
day and free fnre both ways. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Farmer for orchard and wife to
cook for men; 3 six-horse gang plow men. $30;
hostler, country stable. $30; 2 farmers for or-
chard. $26; 2 choremen, country. $25 each-
vegetable gardener for ranch. $25: man to
care for race horse*, $20; hack driver and
stable work. $25: 3 men handy with carpenter
tools. $40 and board: 10 railroad laborers, free
fare;, company work: 6 miners. $3 a day; 6
woodchoppcrs for mine, $1 30 and $2 a cord;
cook for 15 men, $30; cook for vineyard. $30:
2 waiters, country hotels, $30 and $23; lunch
counter man, $35: cook for boat, $40. W D.
KWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
A BEDMAKER. £17 50 and found. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter Et,
A WAITER. Vallejo restaurant. $33. _?ISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
A BOY to work around institution, $15 ot $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H, Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
RELIABLE man to drive milk wagon; $50 and
room; references. Apply 22C0 Point Lobos
ave., ccrncr Eleventh ave.
MIDDLE-AGED man. dishwasher; one who un-
derstands the business; $20 and found. 193
Tenth st.
EXPERIENCED coatmakcrs ; to work Inside.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 G«ary st.
WANTED-Good stock clerk at RAPHAEL'S.
PORTER wanted at 310 Montgomery st; ex-
perience required. Call before 9 a. m.
WANTED — 20 men; stn«re entrance Columbia
Theater to-day at 9 o'clock.
DISHWASHER wanted at S22 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED waiter for coffee-house work.
612 Kearny st.
WANTED— A cook for ranch. Call 1502 Ken-
tucky st.
A BOY to assist In bakery and carry out !
bread. 1515 Devlsadero st.
BOY to feed Gordon press; some experience. 819
Market st.. room 47.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 553 Market st.
MACHINE hand, engineer and general wood-
worker; single; sleep in shop. 618 Third St.
BOY wanted to run errands and do work in
grocery store. 701 Hayes st.
LUNCH cook wanted; $7 a week. 1077 Mar-
ket st. ,
OLD man for all-round work In restaurant;
clean paint work, etc. 29 Stockton st.
SIGN-PAINTING: strong boy or young man;
steady work. 79 Third st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 517 Montgomery
st. HREUSS.
BARBER, young man. with 1 year's experi-
ence; steady. 17th and Telegraph. Oakland.
A MAM to work about place. 1443 Harrison st.
DISHWASHER wanted at Magnolia Cafa, 4
East st.
A SECOND waiter wanted in German hotel.
560 Howard st.
GOOD barber for steady work. 112H Eddy st.
BOYS wanted. MUTUAL L1THO. CO.. 23
Main st. - . '
WANTED— Flrst-class waiter; call early. 105
California Market, California Restaurant.
MAN to solicit work; painting, whitening,
whitewashing; and strong activo boy or mid-
dle-aged man. handy, with tools; reference.
Box 1932. Call.
GOOD coatmaker and a bushelman; steady
work. P. II. GALLAGHER & CO.. 8 Flood
building. ¦ ¦
MEN. women, learn chiropody, dermatology* by
mall: diplomas. Correspondence Department.
254 Sixth ave.. New York. Write.
VEST-MAKER who understands running fac-
tory. 54^Market St. ¦ •
COAT makers. ' coat pres»ers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market st.
PARTNER wanted to increase present profita-
ble business. - Box 2)31, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
EOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED-r-Errand boy for drug store: give
age and residence. Address box ¦ 1900, Call.
WANTED— A man that understands nursery
work and florist business. Call 500 Halght st.
WANTED — Four teamsters to drive team. Ap-
ply to J. O'SHEA, 17th and Vermont »ts..dty.
WANTED— A '¦ man to sell plants on commis-
sion. ' Call GOO'Halght st.
JEWELRY, salesman who can engrave: stats
¦ age, experience . and reference. Box 4604. Call.
WANTED— Young man for shooting gallery.
Call 443 Dupont st. v
GROCERY clerk wanted at corner Twenty-flrst
.nml Mission, sts., R. SPECKTKR.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed. Rolkin,* Reno House proprietor, still
runs . Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per nlcht: $l:to $2 per week.
MENand women to learn barber trade; small
.'.' wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
r S. F. ¦ Barber : College, 741A Howard st. .
SAILORS, ordinary seamen' and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A—MURRAY & READY. „....". Phone Main S84S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want at 7 a. m. Monday
We Ship Free
7469 men for all parts of California. Hah,
Washington. Arizona; Oregon. Colorado. Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hav/allan Islands
.......Free Fare and Offlce Fee Only $1
And no other expenses to Reno (N>v.) district
Los Angeles district Truckee district
Santn Barbara district Shasta district
Salt Lake City distrlct-Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district.... Newman district
Dunsmulr district Bakersfleld district
Soda Springs district... Madera district
San Luis district .„ Surf dUtrlct
Special to Shasta County district
Redding f>. Delta Dunsrr.ulr
and other points good wage*
and other places; we ship free Iree
•- COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammermen,
quarrymen. splkers. section hands, tunnel-
men, steel "gangs, etc.. wages $3, $2 50. $2 25,
$2. Jl 90 a day and free shipment
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only SI fee; no other expenses; come see
FREE FREE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE
Mines Gold Silver and Other Mines
1C3 miners, some single-hand, some double,
some machine and Burleigh drillers, for 37
different mines $30. $73. $60 and found
305 men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience required,
SCO. JfiO, $JS, |40 per month and found: come
pee; fireman, 16 muckers. ISO; 12 men to learn
mining. Crowd going— MURRAY & READ*.
Big wages paid 334 and C36 Clay st.
A-.. MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
12 .arpenters $3 day and free fare
machinist for large company
38 carpenters, different jobs.. $3 and 12 SO day
?0 laborers to help carpenters $40 and found
2 coopers; 27 blacksmiths, also some helpers.
$3, 12 50, $2 day and Jl 75 and 12 day
6 boys 01 men to work In a city factory: gen-
eral utility man; 2 farmers and wives; C men
for warehouse work, free fare. $73
6 laborers, warehouse %2 50 day, free fare
horst breakers
3 coachmen. $30 and found: 3 gardeners. 130.
6 men to break stock on ranch.. $43 and found
5 laborers, warehouse, $2 GO day. free fare
......AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
236 laborers for 23 different sawmills. $26 to $40
and found, any body will suit: a5 woodsmen,
millmen; also all kinds of planing mill help.
?95. *80, $65 $70. $60. $40, $50. $30 and found..
364 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc., 13. J2 £0, $2,
Jl pnd 7i>c cord, tools and food found
1S6 farm hands $23. $30. $26 and found
36 milkers and butter-makers. ..J.TO. $2T. fount!
che?semakers $35 and found
24 f tablemen, etc.. $23, $50, 5G0. $40, $30 four.d
18 hay-balers, $3 day; also harvest crews
In San Francisco; all Darts of California.
*64 laborers and teamsters. $2 SO. $2, $1 7a day.
some board yourselves home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city Jobs, cabinet-makers,
wood-workers, carriage-makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.: come see
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEK-.
MURRAY St READY. 634 and 635 Clay St.
A- HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY
BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT
Walters for mines $jo and found
4S cooks; corn«? sw J70. $60 *..O. $»O J.311 fri
89 waiters $S5, $30. $25 found
19 dishwashers 130. $26, $25. $20. $15 fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for ln-
etltutlons, sausage-makers, pantrymen..
9 butchers $3.>. $10. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants. 2d, 3d hands; »lso
boys, $30, $60, $40. $30. $25 and found
14 laundrymen, $35. ?30 and found: come see.
Laundrymnn nnd wl:e. country. $27 week,
marker and distributor $12 week
MURRAY & READY. 634 nn<1 63S Clay Pt.
A— 6 HOUGH carpenters fcr a syndicate doing
their own work, $2 50 to $3 day. SOc fare
lineman, sawmill company.... SC7 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FRUIT-PICKERS... BOOKKEEPER. ETC
25 fruit-pickers, men or boys, fare from $L
wages 130 and $26 and found
bookkeeper stenographer and typewriter.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL
25 woodsmen. San Cruz Co., $32 50 and found
PLANING-MILIL HELP
eticker hand. $3 .V> day: planer. $3 day: match-
er. $3 day: machine man, $3 day
FRUIT PICKERS and MEN for DRY YARDS
6 men, dry yards, large fruit company, $35
and found: !30 fruit pickers, all parts of the
country. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 6!«
Clay st.
IMPORTANT FOR MONDAY MORNINO. '
1 young men or strong boys to help painters,
no experience necessary. $1 30 to $1 75 day.
FOR M'VE ROART->TNO-HOi;PR.
Beccnl cook, $49 and fd.. Third cor,_. J33 anil r ,i
«. ock's helper, $3u and fd..Po f .wai"h3r. $30 & fd
Three waiters $30 and found
2 young men to help In Institution. $13 and
found: 4 two-horse teamsters, large company.
$60. fare paid: road teamsters; camp cooks
near city: bedmakers. etc. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOY for this office. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st. J
WANTED— Recmlts fcr the United States Ma-
rlne Corps. IVP, Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 33 years; not less than a feet 4 (
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch' In height: •
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read write i
ard speak English properly. For further In- j
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of- j
flee. 40 Ellis nt.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K St.. I
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1C58 J St.. Fresno, Cal. |
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood bulldlnz.
ALL sizes- men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 5P2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 1* j
years" practice: Examiner bldg. j
WINCHESTER House, 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry. •
LIN DELL noiU>e. corner Sixth and Howard — ;
Rooms 15c t.> 23c per night: 73c to $2 per week. 1
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- ;
lencla St. j
CL\KSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions i
rrceive.1 Pt Cull branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. i
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
£27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGY mare, for sale; gentle and stylish. Call
between 9 a. m. and 1 p. in.. 114 Stockton st.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN" & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 1507 Howard »_. near 21st; 10 rooms
and bath; French range; large garden; rent
._»?: I
HOUSE of 9 rooms with bath: 5 bedrooms:
rent $37 50. 2S15 Pine at.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath, in good order.
1427 Post Bt.
HOUSE to let; 4 rooms and bath. 2303- Polk
street. -.¦ , .-
SUNNY house. 8 rooms; gas; bath; water free;
nice yard. 36 Fair Oaks St.; rent $20.
100 FLATS, houses. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 I
Market st.
31CO California et.. store and flat 5 rooms I
above, $iO; 2211 Webster, c. 6 r., $30; 215H Elm i
ave.. f. 5 r., $15; 1400 Jackson, h. 9 r.. $55: H21 ;
Howard, f. 6 r.. $18: 710 McAllister, h. 8 r..
$32: 1630 Golden Gats ave.. h. 8 r.. $30.
HOUSES TO LIST — (•"-K.'Vi.SIIED.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms near the park: 111 De
Long ave. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO..
17C6 Market St.
LOST AND FOUAtK \
LOST — One 3x7 Premo camera; left on Ellls-st. I
; car Sunday afternoon. Return to 2434 Howard \
st. and receive liberal reward. j
$250 REWARD for Jewelry lost August 7 on
steamer Corona. Return to DR. KEE.N'EY, I
794 Sutter st.
LOST— Foresters ' gold badge; Columbia 55.
Return to 13SU Rose ave. ; reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CHRISTIAN HANSEN. No. 46-197.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Collection book. Return to »C6 Pacific
st. ; reward.
— MEDICAL. ™
DrI and^XmsrDAVIEs'r l-2s"*Mar_^rs_^iBeH-
1 able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
I practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
resstully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-!
j rice: ladles treated can return home the name '
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat- ]
I ment for home cure; any one can use it by dl- J
j lections: perfectly harmless; home for confine.
tnent. Send five S-cent stamps for circular. 1
1 MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $3; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
intention: consultation free and confidential.
I 4lti Eddy «t.. bet. Leavenworth ami Hyde.
' DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: «ife nnd reliable; has prac-
j tlccd in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of ca«fs successfully; treatment can be
uwd at home; conxultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023U Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN.' well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.: maternity
home; low fees. I007fc Market •_» near Sixth.
MEDICAL. * W >
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs
practice; home in confinement: treatment at
offlce. $.1; any ailment: consultation free- con
lldentlal. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin"
DR. XG TOY KEE. Ute of Canton. China- dlT"
eases of alt kinds cured: herbs and t»a»; san'"
tnrium 7>l S.Tcramento.ccr. Kearny ;advlce frv«"
I DR." TOPPER, ladies' physician; call on nU^T,
clan with man's knowledge; treatment can bl
j u^ed at home. 21S Kearny st.
I MRS. J.I. ALLEN*, 1035 Market-Ladles' "sD^ciaf
I ist: home in confinement; safe ar.d reliable*
consultation fre>?: hsurs 10 to 8. "
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENKR— IMvate horT*
In confinempnt. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladies" 3pec!aK7
j OfHee 1118 Market st.
I DR. WOXG HIM. herb <lcK-tor7Treat7~an~du;
t^ayeg of the human body. 11' Ma.i-^n st.
_IISCEI.LA>EOrs FOU 9AUB.
BOILKRS. engines. :<l-'nanrt mae_t_erv \tT
t IXTCSII & WOLPMAN, ISS-IS? yj^, t 7
BARS, back bars, mirrors. shn»f,;... "
ters. linoleum, store and office furniture »^i
fixtures; n°w nnd .«econd-hand; w» alwiV
have a lart;e ."toci: of saloon outfits .-. n h-inri-
32 complete outfits Ml our floor, ready nart«
we can ship everything in 24 hours, j \ri."
XAX. 1017. 1013. MCI. inn llisaion st abo v ,
faixth; write fcr catalogue. '
A— ALMOST new sur\eyor"s level and trinrnj
rr.ade by Heer & Seelit;. Chicago, for $l".o- tor
sale now for J55. At UNCLE IIAHHIS*" 14
Grant ave.
A— BUYS, shells or rents gear machinery e-
rlnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, puhey'a
etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear st.
A— ICO H. P. engine, boiler, mo dril! al- com.
pressor. JARDIXE. T?) Fremoal 3t.
A-K 50 DERUY and Fedora hats. Jl ;s pTt^I
tilar Price Hatters. SO Keamy at., near Pine/P
A NO 1 fresh Jersey cow, 4 yen T9 0 \£ an j ,
Durham: large irilkers. 1312 Folaom st.
F ?u^e a^^ofk s"" aUa mah^»y gurali
r 3i?* > F I im. R «7 A lat of old " 3tyl9 mah0^ aa y «
F^x s 2 a o£rg a i7 jasif A '^^- c i P 7-^a^
ACOOD talking parrot; cheap, ion Stocktja
2D-HAND photojrraphlc and maitic lantern out-
¦ flts booght. »^ld. exchanged. 10? Montgomery.
i A 1C-TOX Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
I proof safe. 216 California »t.
1 FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ard
! boilers bought and sold. KROiiH Mf*. Co.
2D-HAXD gasoline and «tearn en^inrt. lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Ke*> st.
ID-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motor*
and gasoline en<. H. S. White. 51« Mission.
A FINK suite, $10; dress pants. tZ ".>. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPKWRITER. N^! 2 Smith Premier: l&ta
model: cheap. Typevrritcr Exchange. 4C» Cal.
f EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced prir*
; *73; concert record?. illO. Ilaclgahipl. j33 Mkt.
POP.TAP.LE enginps. boilers; iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 123 Bfate.
2O-IIAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burglar
proof safe; chfap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new anil 2d-hand: movlnf
pictures. EULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. TOE HER-
MANN' SAFE CO.. 417-4C3 Sacramento st.
EAFKS— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1P9-U1 Market »t. t San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
A SKCOXD-HA.ND 4 H. P. boiler, complete. In
good condition. Inquire of I. H. BURTON.
44 Main st.
1 — — — _____
i SFAI.PKINS are what we pay big prices Tor.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st^
: IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
; call on R. COTTKN. 157 Third: tel. Blnck <ir..
MOSEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d raort^
Rapes, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
late; mortgages nnd legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. 11. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
J f«cond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
I In estates, les-clea. corporation loans, chattel
1 mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
j Chronicle bldg. HALLORA.N & OLSEN.
1 HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Italdwtn Jewelry Store S48 Market
st. : tel. Main 1*44. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and panos without removal; quicic
service: money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
£S and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgage- ani on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount-
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FCRXITURB
O. H. HARSHBARGER. K2 Ellis, room U.
AT 126 Kearr.y st.. room 9. respectable privata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis. 395.
JjOO.CCO at « per cent In sums to suit in city: also
JIjO.OOO on large ranches: also on second mort-
gagea. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
>>rY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI. 201 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned: personal security; 1% per cent -
private party. Room 20. 7th floor. Mills bld<°
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; con_-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
MONEY to lean on furniture, pianos. fi_t:ir»*-^i
low rates; confld. Rm. SOS. Winchester Hot*,^V
/NY amount on furniture and* pianos: 3 pep'
cent: no removal: no com. Room 81. 8 Eddy.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds o'
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates. etcT
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month- no>
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. S Eddy st.
AXY sum, 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. It. 603. Examiner bu!Min<.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MOItRELL. 60» Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; n^om<
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
AU purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CTLAT
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time within tfcree years
and full purchase price allowed: th» best
makers of every grade to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights $6 ca5h. J6 per month: some
good pianos for $3. $» and $"> per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY _: CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter su..
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir-
toenth St.. Oakland.
AS tjsuiI we offer some rlne bargains.
Ore Steck Upright, walnut case: like new.
One Weber Upright; walnut case; new.
One Fischer Urright: In fine order.
One .Sterling Uprlsbt: mahogany cas«.
One Neumann Upright: very good.
One Curt.-iz Uprish:; oak case: excellent.
Prices from $135 up; $."• per month.
BENJ. CL'RTAZ A SON. 16 OTarrell st.
FINE Baby Grand Decker & Son at a very low
r.rlce for a few days only: gvxxl as r.ew.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76? Market st. -
EEAUTIFL'L Arlington or Marcellus mahog-
any upright can be had to-day; don't buy n:i- V
til you see them. MAUVAIS. Tii Market^*., h
THE Olympia Interchangeable disk music Vv
Is the greatest Invention of the age; they
play 1." tunes in succession; prices are very
reasonable. MAUVAIS. 763 Market st.
VR^OLUTELY the oldest and lnrjr?st housa
" west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. js and JO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs ami
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to 923 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks: open ev'ngs; call a-d get low prices.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In the world;
making and repairing of all kin. Is of musical
In5truments. Carl C. Anderson/ 417 Geary st.
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storage -
at your own price: also Spencer's retired
stock. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
SQUARE piano for sale cheap. 2823 Bryant st.
MOVING »oon; will sell new piano cheap cash:
3 days only. $15 Van Ness ave.
$70: FINE large upright: also folding be_; must
sell; 11 to 3. 3648 Eighteenth St.
$L*0— ELEGANT large 3-pe»lai upright, or rent
for 52 a') month. 342 Kfrarny st.
SPECIAL sale— Uprights $73 up: installments li
up; rents f2 up. HEINE. 100 Ellis st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. SU Post st.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos. * i ,
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Ha'nff-
ton pianos. 308 Poat st.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment »
per month. SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento at.. ag?nt for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & DbtU pi__p*-Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY. AUGUST 13.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
NOTE— In the ' above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three, tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are. in addition to the soundings on the
United. States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes - the height.
and then the number given is . subtracted from
the d<?p£>! given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of _Hieh and 'Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority, of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hish and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street ' wharf) ¦ about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Arizona^-Falr Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy or fogrgy
In the morning; fair during the day Monday;
fresh west. wind. "¦•- . G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
cloudy or foggy along the central coast; fresh
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind. "
'- Nevada— Fair Monday.
' Utah— Fair Monday.
Conditions are favorable ' lor fair weather In
California Monday, except cloudy or foggy
alonr'the central coast.
.; Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 13, 1900: I
The temperature has risen slightly over the
Pacifls States and Is generally below the
normal. . , ;
The pressure has fallen slowly over the Pa
cific Slope. An area of high pressure is central
off the- Washington coast and the lowest press
ure is reported from Southwestern California
and? Southern Nevada. \ ;
Cloudy -or foggy weather prevails along the
central coast of California" and partly cloudy
over the Sound and Northern Arizona. Else
where west of the Rocky Mountains the weather
Is clear. ; - V '
FORECAST.
- (120th . Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 12, 1900—6 p. m.
The follewing maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka ...:... ...'..... 60, Los Angeles.'.... 78
Mount Tamalpals.. .. 72. Sacramento 84
Independence 84iSan Luis Oblspo 74
Red Bluff"......:......' 90 San Diego 6S
Fresno... 90) ; •"
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, 53; mean, 5S.
WEATHER* CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
'Julia Cogan (owner) * with O. . A. Craemer
(contractor)."" architect C. -A. Meussdorffer— All
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades,
for a two-story and basement frame building,
on S line of Bush street,* 1».E of Pierce. E 25
by S 137:6; J4176. ¦ ¦< ; - - ¦ "
Pistante, lot 10 on map of Smith's subdivision
of San Leandro, Eden /Township; $10.
. ' , Builders' Contracts.
Sunday, August 12. I
Stmr Empire. Nelson Coos Bay.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen/-— .-_,.. ,
Stmr Rainier.. Hansen. St. Michael. .
\i Stmr Navafro," Jensen, .
Bktn. 1 Portland, Seymore." New Whateom.
' Schr Maid Of ¦ Orleans," Johnson. Karluk.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, .
¦i Schr Jennie Grlfnn., Low. Point Reyes.
.^. \ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 11— 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy, wind southwest, velocity 12 miles.
r-; ; ;V^V-,^ '¦¦¦.¦¦: i SPOKEN. ",.¦% '
: Per Aus Rtmr Federlca— Auc 7. lat-45 N. Ion
143 W— Br ship Australia, from Honolulu, for
P«Eet Sound. MigcEtLANEoug '
' Schr Neptune^ previously, reported ashore be
low the South Side Life Saving Station— An at
tempt was made to-day, with the assistance of
tugs,t6 float her. which was unsuccessful. Ves
sel still remains high and dry on the beach.
;:; - ¦' -% •¦:¦'¦ ---'I ¦¦ DOMESTIC PORTS." ¦ ;• ."
* NOME-^Per stmr St Paul. " Aug 8— Vessels in
port; < Stmr Robt Dollar, stmr Centennial/ U S
stmr Lawton, stmr Roanoke.' stmr Albion, bark
Mercury. "i barge : Skookum, schr,- Dora fSeward,
brie Geneva. .¦,.-'¦'-.,¦¦-¦."' - -•.--.--• •---.>
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr. Coquille
River for : stmr _W-. H Kruger, for .
Sailed Aug 12— Schr C H Merchant, for Grays
SEATTLE— Sailed Aue 11— U S stmr Egbert.
for San i Francisco; Br stmr Pakling.' for Kobe. :
•EUREKA— Arrived Aug '¦¦ 12— Stmr ¦ Orizaba,
hence ' Aug 11. Sailed— Bark ; Hydn Brown, > for
SAN* DIEGO— Sailed Aug 12— Schr Mabel
Gray.^forfEureka. • •.."¦¦.¦' -_. .- -..
• ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 12— Schr 'Pioneer, for"
San : Francisco. -<• • '
-BOWENS', LANDING— Sailed Aug 12— Schr
Ocean Spray,' for San Francisco. • . . •» •. • -
~ NEAH BAY— Passed ; Aug 12— Br.: stmr ; Pajt
Ling 'from Port Townsend, for China; Br ship
Troop, from • Port ; Hadlock, for Valparaiso; Br
ship Brynhllda,' from Tacoma." for Queenstown;
schrj Honoipu,' f rom ¦: Port Hadlock, for Nou
mea;^ S stmr Egbert."
SAILED.
Sunday. August 12.
- Stmr St Paul, Hays. 10 • days from Cape
Nome.
Stmr Luella, Miller, E7 hours from Tlllamook.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy, 83 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 60 hours from Coos Bay.
via Port Orford 40 hours.:
Stmr! Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 21 . hours v from Moss
Landing:. . ¦
Stmr National City, Dettmers. 15 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, ' Duggan, : 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Sunol. Green. 21 hours from Usal.
Aus | stmr Federlca, Ivanclch, 21 days from
Mojl. ««"--¦: . * ¦
Br ship - Glencalrd, ; " English. . . S3 days from
Newcastle, Australia. - • ,'
Ship -Edward Sewall. Sewall, ¦ 206 days from
Baltimore, via Montevideo 94 days.
Fr bark La Bruyere, Lesage, 91 days from
Newcastle, 1 Australla.
Br bark Dunearn, Gill, 142 days from London.
Brig Pltcalrn, Gilbert, v 85; days from Cape
Nome.: • ' • ' ¦¦¦¦¦"¦•
Schr Abbla, ¦ Peterson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor. '
Schr Helen N Klmball, Hansen, 3 days from
Eureka-' * '
Schr Corinthian, North. 30 hours from Bowens
Landing.' '.'... 'J : ' „ 1
- Schr ¦¦ Newark. Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
Schr^foseph & Henry, Rasmussen, 8 Mays
from CoQullle River. v „- - M ¦;¦•¦;
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Fort
ROSS. ¦• ¦ ¦ ¦• : •
ARRIVED.
William Boertcke to Kate F. Boericke, lot on
N line of Washington street, 123 W of Van
Ness avenue, W 27:6 by N 127:3%; gift.
W. W.-Stow to Kate GUllss. lot on N line of
Jackson street,' 160:5 E of Webster, E 24:7 by
N 117; $10.
Susan R. and Henrietta' Casebolt to Charles
H. Gruenhagen, lot on W line of Pierce street,
100 N of Vallejo, N 75 by W 200, quitclaim deed;
$10. •
Estate of Henry R. Casebolt (by Susan R,
Case bolt (executrix) to same, same; $7500. .
• Ray :T. and Julia E. Spencer to Annie E.
Spencer, Mot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
100 E of Central avenue. E 25 by N 137:6; gift.
R. C. Chambers to Wells, Fargo & Co., lot on
SW corner of Frederick • and "Wlllard streets,
S 275, W 100. N 137:8, W 75, S 137:6, W 94 ;4. NE
to Frederick. E 226:11; IH&fc-f
Cora B. Smith to MarysHrRoee, lot on N
line of Paciflo avenue.- 148:9 "W of Central ave
nue, N 16:6. SW to point. K 192:7; WO. •
Louis T. HaKKin (trustee of emate of Mary
E.- Butterworth) to same, undivided half of
same $10. '
Estate of Abraham Beerman (by Rachel
Beerman, executrix) to Joseph D. Hodgen. lot
on N line of Clay street. 137:6 W. of Maple. W
67:6, N 137:4 29-165, E 69. S 1S3MH; J5200.
Clementina McDonald to Thomas Rychold,
lot on N W line of Natoma street, 135 SW of
Tenth, SW 60 by NW 75; $1(T.
> Catherine T. H-arney, Richard D. and Fran
ces J. Barton, John J. and Eliza Butler, Charles
C. and Edward F. Montague, Maud Montague,
Joseph Lewis Jr. and Harriet J. Lewis to Grace
G. MacKenzle, lot on S line of Dorland street.
113 E of Church, E 25 by S 100, quitclaim
deed; Jl. *•¦ J .
\ Grace G. and William Alexander to James
2nd Winifred O'Donnell. same; $10.
¦ J. J. Rauer to James T. Fitzgerald, lot on W
line of Davis . street, 60 N of Washington, N
24 by W 75. quitclaim deed; $10. -
City and County of, San Francisco to Paul
Barbleri. lot on 8 line Of Clay Btreet. 127:6 E
of Leavenworth. E 10 by S 75; $ .
i- Theresa J. Hare to M. Augusta Hare, lot on
W line of Hyde street, 167:6 S of Bush. S 40,
W 137:6. N 31. E 42:6. N 9, E 95; gift. .
George A. Ross to Mary Ross, lot on NE cor
ner of Twenty-eighth I avenue and L street, E
32:6 by N 100; gift: ,
Estate of Mary A. Smith (by Henry Blyth,
executor) Ho John P. Pf orr. lot 56. West End
Homestead Association; $325.'
Cornelia Beahanto R. H. Lareen. lot on W
line of Orizaba street, 175 S of Randolph, S 100
by W 100, lots 36 to 33, block 63, City Land As-
Bodatlon;; {300. x
r- Alameda .County.
* Hugh and "Anna S. Hogan ; to •; Harry Kany,
lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 105.34 8 of
East Twenty-seventh street/ E 117.70, S 83, W
114.76 N 35.12. to beginning, being lot .6.; block
87, Highland Park, East Oakland; . J1S00. * ¦¦ <*¦
Henry I East to James W. Miller, lot on NE
line of Monroe street, 283 SE of Adeline, SE 35
by NE 143:6, being, lot 9 and SE 10 feet of lot
10 on map of subdivision lots 5 and 6, blopk E.
Revised Map of Oak Tree Farm Tract, subject
to a mortgage for $lS00. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mrs. J A. •; J. Brander (formerly Gertrude S.
Forman) to Frieda' Munk (single), lot IS,- Elm
hurst Park.' Brooklyn Township; $10. - • - -
Lynden Reckless to -William ; J. Smith,' lot on
NE comer, of San Antonio avenue and Grand
street. N BOby E 138, being Iot7, block G,
Oak ¦ Park, r Alameda; also . lot ; on E - line ; of
Grand street, 100;N of San Antonio. avenue,- N
50 by E 138, being lot 9. block G, Oak Park,
Alameda; $10.. -¦- -\i/'' • ¦ - ,
• Edgar W. Abbey to Frances J. Abbey, .lot on
W line of Grove street, 47.50 S of Thirty-eighth
8 50 : by W , 125.V being lot 12, block B. Ap K ar
Tract," Oakland;; $10. , , ,
' Phoebe and Aaron ' Cerf , to Harry ; Bercovlch
lot- on ' Ss ltne^ of Fourth street, 112:6 W>of
Alice,, W>37:6 by S: 100. being 'lot 12 and W li
of lot 1S> block 3*.~- Oakland: $10. ;
• - Rachel ¦; M. Smith. ' Lucy :¦ M. ¦ Hale, i Agnes M.
Noyes and Harriet W.iComstock to George Mo
var.lot 23, map of Pacific Theological Seminary
Tract. ; Oakland ;¦ $5. V~- " ,>¦.'-. . ...-_;.
¦ Miranda < and : Sarah J/, Kimball . to' Frederick
H. and - Margaret • Parker. ¦ lot - on SE . Una > of
Eleventh^ avenue, .25 SW of East Seventeenth
street. 8W. 25 by SE 100/ block SS, Clinton, East
Oakland; $S00.' .'/••¦- ,-. ¦ ¦* : .¦•_ • .,
r John F. and Maria S. Dlngwell to William J.
Dlncee."; lot I on E • corner ! of ¦ Ninth avenue and
East Twentieth street. *NE 125 by SE 75,^ block
126,^ Clinton, ".East i Oakland ; $10. ,> .- ; . ,
- Same to 'Amanda ¦ LWAnderson," lot 42, same,
Brooklyn: Township; $10.- a .- ;• ;. : ; .• .".---.--¦,-" > x
~ • Roflno ? and 5 Johannah Franck -; to : Lechander
Joseph Bremer to James Hall, lot on N line
of Post street. 82:6 E of Franklin, E 27:6 by N
120; $10.* ..-..-.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Ashton. Alaska -.,
G Lowland. Dawson
A J Dobbins,- Cal ,
J F Lang. Shasta
A M Camel, Palo Alto
A J Larson, Lodl
H Dermlck, Vallejo
PS Huch, San Jose
W C Lundston. Cal
F Cunningham, Cal
E P Livingston, Texas
W T Hover, Mich
V Greenbure. Sacto
R Bettner, Florid
M A Foster, San Juan
B A Towne, Sacto
S Malcom. Mo
B F Sanborn. Loo A
S F Danforth. Los A \
W F Born, Los Logrne
W D Ellis. Mill Valley
E N Forbes; Seattle
M H Orr. Stockton
F Adams, Wrights
E B Maza, S Rosa
S Jones, Sacramento
R A Brownlee, Vallejo
J D Smith, Danville
E C Ward, U S A T
Sherman
C H Warford. Vallejorf
W S Vurth & w. Call?
C W Fontaine, Mont*-*
J R Surrey. Fresno
M EM wards & w, Cal
W R Glynn. L Angeles
C L Williamson, Cal ,
A N Hart, N Y
Mrs Campbell, Cal
W S Gibba & w. Cal
Mrs E H Vance. Cal
J D Bradley, Merced
Mrs CHara, Cal
Ctse de Monblopc, ¦ ¦
Cairo
J D Armour, Ontario
F H Farren. Merced
J H Windsor Jr. Ilia
R H Balderson, Cal
F E Harris, Ashland
G Phillips. Sacto
MIbs Stevens, Sacto
Miss A Stevens. Sacto
FA Seawell, S Rosa
Mrs F H Haleht, Cal '-¦
F K Alnsworth, Cal
R D Clark. Peoria
¦J F Emmet L& w, Nev
F Lyman £9w, Sacto
A. L Murray, ' Cal
Mrs V'Jefktns, Cal
Miss V L Newklrk, Cal
P B Baker, San Jose
Iv Rodgersr San Jose
Mrs H M Aubury, Cal
{Miss Kirk, Colusa-
H Albury, Colusa
'0 G Brooks, Colusa
I A. V Johnson, Cal
IJV C Winans. Nev
I Mrs J B McClatchy.
I Sacramento
|jr C ShlfTer. Cal
'¦M McWhorter, Cal
M r Biggs, Orovllle
C M Heartley, Cal
i It ir Burke, San Jose
J Boldneld. Colusa
J S Craig & w, Cal
B Allen. Woodland
W S Williamson. N Y
C G Raub & w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
C B Fraser, Stktn
H S* Packard. Bksfleld
W Bennett, Phoenix
E S Ives, Yuma
Mrs H Uhl, SkN 7
Miss A GMt's:. N Y
Mr A Uhl. NY -
J Slegel & w , K Y
Miss J Kelly. N Y
J J Kelly. N Y "-¦
Dr C J Klpp. N J
J C Amle, NY
Mrs J Marshall, Pbrtld
J M Kellerman, L Ang
C W Fox. L Ang
T J McCarthy, L Ang
R ,T Dyas, St Louis
B R Nlckerd, Bltlmore
Wm Dunlevy. N T
H G Wllshire. L Ana
Hugh May/ L Ang
C G Griffith, N T
A R Katz. N Y
P A Demens, L Ang
E C Voorhees, S Creek
P A Dale. USA
H D Kundler. USA
Wm E Tower, USA
EC Howe. LAng
W>H Merrltt &w;. Colo
W,N Baylls &.W/-N--Y
Mrs J Young, Phi tad .
Virginia Bailey, Mich .
J S Webb, Washing ton
H Doyle, S Mateo ¦
B E Green, L An? ..-->
NEW WESTERN HOTEL;
J Kelly, Martinez ~
N G Bereholt, Seattle
J Frederlckson & fam,
Petaluma
O V Estee. Mass '
W Chlnn, Vallejo
Miss J Ryan & sister,
StockteJn - ~ .
F Burke, Vallejo \
)J Mulroy, Ingleslde '
fV W Kalatloff, Cal • , .
IE B Green. Ariz 1
Mrs L C Randall, Ariz
D C Raran, Ariz
H Leibrandt & w. Cal
C Knees, Canada
W Gerrans, Jamestown
J J Guage & w, Cal
THE SAN FR-YjSTCISCO CALL, MpKDAY, AJJ^USTV 13, 1900.
9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kureka ...... ;..|Humboldt... .....
Barracouta Panama
Columbia Portland
Coop Bay.. Newport
W. H Kroger.. San Pedro; ,.!
Washtenaw .... Tacoma.:
Ban Mateo Xanalmo
Warfleld Oyster Harbor
Auitralia ....... Honolulu
Del Norte ...... Portland.......... .".
Orizaba ........ Humboldt .*......
Corona San Diego .....
"Walla "Walla .. Pu^et Sound........
Newburg ..(Grays Harbor
Coquille River. San Pedro.................
Crescent City .. Crescent City........
Matteawan .... Tacoma
Point. Arena.... Point Arena
Bontta ...... Newport .,
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor i....
State of Cal.... Portland
Honskontr MarulChlna and Japan
|Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. n
Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. 14
Aug. 11
Aug. 14
Aug. 14
Augr. 14
Auk- 15
Aug. IS
Aug. IS
Aug. 18
Aug. 1«
Ang. 1«
Aug. 17
Aug. "
Aug. 17
Aug. 18
Auk. IS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Eureka ...IJHumboldt
Santa Rosa San Diego
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
San Juan... Cen. America.
City Pueblft Victoria.......
North Fork Humboldt."....
Arcata .....!Coo« Bay......
W. Kruger.jTillamook.....
Coos Bay.. [Newport......
Columbia ..IPortland
Del Norte . . I Portland
Orizaba ... Humboldt.....
Is'ewburg .. Graya Harbor
Corona .... San Diego.....
San Jose...jNew York.....
Bonita .....(Newport.......
Aug. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Aue. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Aug. 13, S pm Pier 2
Aug. 13, 1 pm PMS3
Aug. 14, 11 am Pier 9
Aug. 14. 12 m Pier 2
Aug. 14. 12 m Pier «
Aug. 14 Pier !
Aug. 15. 9 am Pier 11
Aug. 16. 11 am Pier 24
Aug. 16. 8 am Pier 23
Aug. Id, 2 pm Pier 6
Aug. 17. 5 pm Pier 13
Aw*. 17. 11 am Pier 11
JAug. 18. 12 m PMSS .
(Aug. 19. 9 am Pier 11
Sun i
Sun i
Moon
¦lses.
lets..
rise.'
5:23
7:05
8:28 p. m.
¦ J» :
* i
11 ...
13 ...
13 ...
14 ...
15 ...
16 ...
is ...!
(Time
|L W
6:02
H W
0:43
0:43
1:42
2:51
4:04
6:451
Ft.
0.2
5.4
5.4
6.0
4.6
.4.2
I 3.9
Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L. W H W
12:54 5.4 6:28 1:4
L " W H W L W t
6:4S 0.7 1:30 n 6.4 7:23 1.2
6:45 0.7 1:30 .6.4 7:23 1.2
7:30 1.2 2:09 6.5 8:20 0.9
8:12 1.8 2:52 6.7 9:26 0.7
9:01 2.4 3:40 5.7 10:401 0.5
11:03 ¦ 8.01 5:34| B.7[......
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Kureka ...... ;..|Humboldt... .....
Barracouta Panama
Columbia Portland
Coop Bay.. Newport
W. H Kroger.. San Pedro; ,.!
Washtenaw .... Tacoma.:
Ban Mateo Xanalmo
Warfleld Oyster Harbor
Auitralia ....... Honolulu
Del Norte ...... Portland.......... .".
Orizaba ........ Humboldt .*......
Corona San Diego .....
"Walla "Walla .. Pu^et Sound........
Newburg ..(Grays Harbor
Coquille River. San Pedro.................
Crescent City .. Crescent City........
Matteawan .... Tacoma
Point. Arena.... Point Arena
Bontta ...... Newport .,
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor i....
State of Cal.... Portland
Honskontr MarulChlna and Japan
|Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. n
Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. 14
Aug. 11
Aug. 14
Aug. 14
Augr. 14
Auk- 15
Aug. IS
Aug. IS
Aug. 18
Aug. 1«
Ang. 1«
Aug. 17
Aug. "
Aug. 17
Aug. 18
Auk. IS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Eureka ...IJHumboldt
Santa Rosa San Diego
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
San Juan... Cen. America.
City Pueblft Victoria.......
North Fork Humboldt."....
Arcata .....!Coo« Bay......
W. Kruger.jTillamook.....
Coos Bay.. [Newport......
Columbia ..IPortland
Del Norte . . I Portland
Orizaba ... Humboldt.....
Is'ewburg .. Graya Harbor
Corona .... San Diego.....
San Jose...jNew York.....
Bonita .....(Newport.......
Aug. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Aue. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Aug. 13, S pm Pier 2
Aug. 13, 1 pm PMS3
Aug. 14, 11 am Pier 9
Aug. 14. 12 m Pier 2
Aug. 14. 12 m Pier «
Aug. 14 Pier !
Aug. 15. 9 am Pier 11
Aug. 16. 11 am Pier 24
Aug. 16. 8 am Pier 23
Aug. Id, 2 pm Pier 6
Aug. 17. 5 pm Pier 13
Aw*. 17. 11 am Pier 11
JAug. 18. 12 m PMSS .
(Aug. 19. 9 am Pier 11
Sun i
Sun i
Moon
¦lses.
lets..
rise.'
5:23
7:05
8:28 p. m.
¦ J» :
* i
11 ...
13 ...
13 ...
14 ...
15 ...
16 ...
is ...!
(Time
|L W
6:02
H W
0:43
0:43
1:42
2:51
4:04
6:451
Ft.
0.2
5.4
5.4
6.0
4.6
.4.2
I 3.9
Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L. W H W
12:54 5.4 6:28 1:4
L " W H W L W t
6:4S 0.7 1:30 n 6.4 7:23 1.2
6:45 0.7 1:30 .6.4 7:23 1.2
7:30 1.2 2:09 6.5 8:20 0.9
8:12 1.8 2:52 6.7 9:26 0.7
9:01 2.4 3:40 5.7 10:401 0.5
11:03 ¦ 8.01 5:34| B.7[......
MTTSICAL INSTRUMENTS. j
A FEW bargains; beautiful upright piano, $100;
!n?tallments cr cash; a flr.e Chase Bros
DEWING & CO.. Flood building.
PfPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: $5 payments;
for ri>r.t. S2 up. BRtTgiOf. 20S Popt st-
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.-
YOUNG, lady piano teacher desires a few
pupils; terms moderate. 2204 Pine et.
VOCAL lessons wanted in exchange for board.
Adare«; box 1605. Call office.
GOOD piano teacher like few more pupils; 25c
a Season. ESO <T Fart-el! Et.
AXD STORES TO LET.
OFFICE to rent; 3 fine, light front rooms en
Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel: rent ISO
per month. Address DR. PIERCE & SON.
€20 Market Bt.
OFFICES to let en Market st. Inquire at No.
3 Eddy st.. National Real Estate Exchange.
TK>H. rent— Elepant offices and rooms In T. M.
C. A. bldg.; all modern Imps.; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern etcre: well lighted; 21x140;
rent r~nisnn»hl<». Sfs Hayes nt.
PALMISTRY.
UME. Neerpaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
TERSOXALS.
MRS. W. R. MYERS—Call aT^uss~Hou»Tfor
letter*. • -.?,- ¦•
THERE Is but one hairdresser; Lederer dresses
your hair ln the very latest modes for only
25c. G. LEDEHER. 123 Stockton.
LnDERKP.-S Quimonlca hairTonlc will make
your hair perfectly t>ea,utlful; 35c bot.; try m
LEDEKEH Foamo Shairpiio is perfect; can use
at horaf ; 5c pkg. 123 Stockton et.
1IMF.. ADA. U Keairy. 47 Vost. office 10-11: !f
Fick. suffering from any «aw. see thla won-
derfully giftfd hea)<»r: she will cure you.
INSTITT'TE cf Pcl^rp'; suggestive therapeu-
ties; magnetic healinjr: personal magnetism;
hpynotifm. Prof. Fisher, instructor. £17 Masn.
riLES— 3<# permanent cures in San Francisco
who can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
t:u!rars spiit. Ad. Physician, box 19iO. Call.
THE HUDSON RIVER OX
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and r'.notrj roafle to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest wm guaran-
teed: prices defy comj't'tiiion: fine V>lstery;
phone £309: factor?-. 31S and 220 HK -nth st. ;
f.r*t-<-las» cleaning and dyeing. 40» .. ;tter St.,
S-an Francisco.
r.LEOTPJC lights !a every room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., npar Market: 700 rooms;
2T-C to fl no f*>r r.lirht: fl £.0 to $6 per week;
frr-e 'bus ar.d ba«rRagre to and from the ferry.
ECTT8 to crdT on Installments: $15 upward;
Jl a™**. LEON LEMOS. U17 Market et..
I'ftAti Seventh and Eighth.
liAlK <juickly curl*Kl or waved by ur'.r.s Tal-
rott's curling fluid: 25c bottle: druggists.
LADIES* end rent*' cart-eff clothing bought &
foM. Pllverrr.an. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED — Old-fa>=h!onf»d silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, a!! description*. Eli Oupont Bt.
FT'ITP to crier on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
AI.FREDfMS Kcrptian Henna restores gray
hair tn its natural color. SI; at all drur^ista.
CAST-OFF clothlre. old gold ar.d Fllver bought;
f-vA postal rnLEMAN'S F.06 Kearny st.
PHVSICIASS AXD SlUGCO.o.
PR. CRANFTON. the great rpecialif t, haV re-
furr:<»d practice at 1206 Market St.. corner
Taylor: offices 15 and 16; take elevator.
CHROXIC, oth<*r dis^asos of mpn, woinffl ; cum
puaranteed. Dr. C5or<3!n, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny.
IiR C. C. O'DONNELL— Of fie* and residence.
;":r-. Market ft., h^t. Fixth and Soventh. ,
PROPEHTV WASTED.
SOME one who will build a modern house o)
ten or twelve r<x>ms; location between Cali-
fornia and Broadway. Gough and Central
ive. ; will take long lease and pay food rent.
B-x iSSfi. Call office.
BXSJX ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A. It. SPECK & CO.. €57 MARKET ST.
REAL ESTATE AOENT&
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
s:2.oco.
Lot 366x120 feet and improvements; 3 front-
ICHI vicinity of cew City Hull; splendid ln-
* «trw.-.t
150, m.
Farsome-et. corner; 137:6x137:6 feet; brick
tiu'.ldir.ir: leased; pays better Interest than bank
or bonds.
J42.000.
Corner; COxllO feet; modern building: dose
to Powell and Suiter ets.; pays 8 per cent net;
1 tenant.
s«.ooo.
Corner; rer.Ts $4500 annually; lot 89x137:6 feet;
rays 10 rer cent net. •
$29,00—
Pirty-foot corner: Jones st., near Poet; In the
c>-n*»r of the Enert hotel and lodging' house
district.
fjn.OQO.
McAll'.ster-rt. corner: store and fiats; new
baSMiOf'. rer.ts Sltw annually.
tii.foa
Corner: near O'Farrel! and Leavenworth eta.;
Ftore. fiat and house.
I3SO0.
Market-«t. corner; *ton». flat and basement;
in '<d ern buildinff: former price $15,000.
$0000.
Post rt.: 3 flats: r«>nt $60.
t32ZX
Mission flat*; rpr.ts $310 annually; near
Twenty-fourth Ft.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market Et.
KXF<~VTORK - Sai«— Kstate of tho late FFR-
• QOS O'LKAUY, on Market 5t.. No. 1380, m-'v
r.umher 14W. lot (Zo) twenty-five feet front
by one hundred <100) feet deep; aleo two lots
<".:i—-<~t.!y ln rear, twenty-five <K) by one hun-
dred <l<w*). on City Hall ave. Apply to WIL-
LIAM P. OLEARY. JOHN McDOXOUGK
EDWARD J. LEARY, executors. Rues
House
500 ROOMS; prominent, eunny corner $2S®0
82 ror.m«: cieprn $130; pood location 2S00
60 roriras; e'.f-gantly furnished; corner.. 6(K»0
Bouses from 7 to ino rooms; city and coun-
try hotels. EITEL & CARROLL. 1008^ Mkt.
Rr:?ir>KNCT; tor sale: a. bargain: $SOC)f>. W«t^
ern Ad<*Uien; cnnvenlent to cark; 27?'-xl3T'/..
9 toom.«, bath; terms to suit parchaser. Ad-
dress box 8. Call office.
tTTT'ft— THREE new rSodern flate. with marbl*
Ftep«i. frescoed celling*, etc.. ln the best rent-
Ing Beet Ion of the city; 1 block from Haipht-
ct. care, on Waller ft., near Pierce; rents t'M
per y*>ar; easy terms.
HAVE you real estate north ot the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell? Then call
en IV. J. GUNN. r.30 California st.
MOI'ERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
ertin-ites furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
icnw cottage, « rooms, bath; lot 60x109: Mis-
sion; easy terms or vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
REAL. ESTATE COf.VTRV For Sale
TOR sale — A beautiful country home of 10 acres
garden land, with nice orchard, new bouse, S
rooms, furniture, barn, windmill, tankhouse.
farming implements; only 2% miles from Pet-
aluma and 6 minutes' walk from R. R. eta-
tlos; price ST/OG; this place must be seen u»
l>f appreciated.
S^t acres adjoining, all Rrarden land, with
orchard and barn; price S2S0O; will eell as a
whole or subdivide: will take part mortgage.
For particulars Inquire of H. F. SURHOFP,
r>0 Fourth ct. So agenu.
T>ILLON"R CEACH for sale; finest summer re-
eort property on Pacific Coast; including cot-
tages and hotel. SOO-arre ranch, horses, cattle,
farming utensils: well watered. GEO. DJL-
1X)X. Tomales. Marin County. Cal.
C1.ES ELLEN— Grape and fruit land; 160 acres
timber and water equity J2000; what have you
for ltr Must sell, so speak quick. HENLEY.
11 Montgomery el.
TO LEASE- Father ranch. San Pablo Creek.
Contra Corta County: 1150 acres: 250 acres
Krafn land; well watered; railroad facilities.
In person to R. K. ROW-LAND. Ortnga Park.
JTUNTEr* list; farms and city property ex-
' ranged and >r.ld. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market.
ItEAL. ESTATE TO EXCUAAGI2.
--_- ;
ln B *,'? eley ' i 25^*^: «n« marine
Vr Tif* J4 r * Ri<lence Ia s - F".: will pay J20OO
cr t25C0 difference. T.. box S23S. Call office.
AliMJAlDYERTlSEMENTS.
A^AM^»A REAL ESTATES.
I2a^.^nt : T, 1^ fOr lne P^tion until «old
IZ3 Regent Et., or t*e owner 12«> Park st.
BERKELEYADVERTJSEMENTS
BCDKBLEY REAL ESTATE.
iiOO— NEAT cottage of 5 rooms :^ood~rixe~ioT-
A-ulcndid well of water, windmill and tank'
|T worth ;:500. O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley. '
15000— LOVELY now modern house of ft rooma
ln the Scenic Fark. adjoining university
STOtxcdx: laive corner lot: streets improrod;
owner rone East. O. G. MAT & CO.
J3000— JUST completed; pretty 2-story house,
including all frirniture. of new and pretty de-
d£_*. O. G. ilAV & CO.
.BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS '
¦ ¦ . ¦ -
BERKELEY" REAL ESTATE.
THE finest business corner ln Berkeley'.!!
.60x100 ft.; one-story frame, facing 200-foot
street: C. P. depot ln front and principal stop
or station of electric cars; same corner can be
leased for One Income if properly Improved.
A. J. SNYDER & CO..
4«7 Ninth St..
Oakland. Cal.
_________ _____
Safe Investment for $7500; block of land favor-
ably located near coming Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars CHAS. WILLMOTT. 916 Market
Bt.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAICD ItE AL ESTATE
$1760 ON INSTALLMENTS— COST OVER »4500
A pair cf flats containing S rooms each, with
all the modern improvements; also a rear cot-
tcire of 5 rooms; improvements alone cost over
$3000" the lot Is 37%xl4O feet (note the size)."
fronting right on electric line and main street;
only a short distance to local train; Btreet mac-
adamized, sewered and sidewalked; fruit trees
and nice carden; an excellent Income and home
property combined; will rent readily for $27 50
per month- all occupied now; can be seen. at
any time; buildings Insured for $2000; no mort-
gage: guaranteed clear title; nice sunny ex-
posure; will develop into business property;
price reduced -for a quick sale: liberal dis-
count, for spot cash; this property merits Im-
mediate investigation; reason for selling, own-
ers need the money and don't want to mort-
rage. See GEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO.,
The Exclusive Agents,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
CHOICE INVESTMENT.
Corner that for present income and future
possibilities none can equal; 50x75: three-story
brick: Income $300 per month on five-year lease;
expenses are only taxe» and t2S per year on
110 000 insurance, with water paid by tenants;
price $55,000. A. J. SNYDER & CO..
487 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
$4500— THE prettiest home ln Oakland: $4500;
Just completed; near town; could not be du-
plicated for less than $5500; see this at .once.
A. J. SNYDER _ CO..
467 Ninth St..
Oakland. Cal.
$S50O— HOUSE of 6 rooma; $3500; finished ln
curly redwood; Just completed. «
A. J. SXYDER & CO..
467 Ninth st..
Oakland. Cal.
$500 — FOR five hundred dollars. $500, you can
obtain a fine home and business, and 136 per
mo. pays balance, J2700. on a property that
cost more than $&000. Call at our of flee and
be convinced. A. J. SNYDER & CO..
467 Ninth et..
Oakland, Cal.
$3000— MxlO, NEAR Telegraph ave. ; choicest
residence lot ln Oakland; will exchange equi-
ty for city- property. Address box 122, 318
Bush st.
I A— 14 PER cent income property; modern flats,
few blocks from Broadway: renting for $20 per
month; owner non-resident and Instructs to
fell at once; $1700 buys them: see us Imme-
diately. BELDEN & COOK, Washington and
Fourteenth gts.
OAKLAND FCRMTtRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, Uth and FrankUn, Oakland.
. ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT €2 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 50 to $2 50
per wk. ; single and double. Si to 52 50 per wk.
¦ BYCE. 62, off Oary— Four nice, large, sunny
rooms to let with* large yard and basement;
rent $8. '
, BUSH. 726— Part of dwelling, floor of four un-
furnished rooms for hskpg.; bath; sink; $18.
CAPP. 5S2 — To let, 4 or 6 large sunny rooms for
; housekeeping. . -
EDDY, 604— Sunny furnished corner room; run-
ning water; gas stove and kitchen; complete
f 1 for housekeeping.
f ! EIGHTH, 34B, nr. Market— Largo sunny back
parlor and regular kitchen; furnished for
I housekeeping; private family; bath.
! ! ELLIS, 1127— Housekeeping; nicely furnished
. j front room; grate; folding bed; kitchen; gas
rtove. • 1
ESSEX place, 1, off Essex st/, Rincon Hill— 3
rooms for hsekpg.; bath; hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1063H — Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; also others. .
HTDE, 408— Sunny front alcove suite; com-
A plete for housekeeping. .- . - •: - v- .
JACKSON, 924—2 large unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; water free; $5 SO.
Juniper. 2. on Foisom. bet. 10th and 11th—
Two unfurnished housekeeping rooms; bath;
sun all day; rent $5 M.
MARKET. 102S — Large light room and connect-
ing kitchen; furnished; folding bed; gas; $10.
MARKET, 163S, opp. Tenth— Large sunny al-
cove, $7; comfortable kitchen and bedroom. $7.
O'FAIIRELL, 742-»Two or three neatly ¦ fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, Sll to $20.
PINE, 704— Sunny front suite; furnished: stove;
folding bed: running water; no bill; $12 60.
TEHAilA. 478. near Sixth— Three furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping, $11.
THIRTEENTH, 329, near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms: water; stove;
separate entrance. '
VAN NESS. 402—2 elegantly furnished sunny
I rooms; complete housekpg.; gas store; reas.
VAN NESS ave.. 43 — Front sunny rooma for
housekeeping. $1S a month: also large front
room for 2 persons, 112 and $S; front Van Ness.
! $2 MONTH— Two large rooms, sunny yard, to
i parties willing to care for old per»on. -Box
j £335. Call office. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
i subscriptions has been established at- 1096
! Valencia st. . •¦
j ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
i A^BRUXSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
i 2Ec to $1 p*r night. $1 25 to J3 per week, and
: j light housekeeping; open all night.
! BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Finest sunny suite* ln
' { city for families and gentlemen; all convetii-
' i ences; special accommodation for tourists.
i BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
• ! nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
. ! BUt-H. t20 — Nicely furn. sunny rooms; $1 50 to $7
i wk.: 25c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
1 I FELLA pi.. 10, oft Powell, bet. Bueh and Pine—
. j Elegant sunny rooms; modern Improvements.
j FIFTH. 3SJ— Sunny furnished single rooms, $4
. j and th. ¦
i FOLSOII, 7S4— Single furnished sunny front
, j room: rrlvate family; reasonable.
. i FOLSOM. S65," cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms, single or suites; reasonable.
! GEAUY, 55&— Elegant sunny suite; other pleas-
1 ant rooms; priv. light housekeeping; phone.
¦ GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
1 eingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
1 HOTEL Frandsce*— Elegant suites; single: tran-
. k dent; baths. MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 8»-Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 373, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnlshe*
rooms, $5; housekeeping, $3. .
L-AS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rniB.: private; bath; 6ln. rms.; board optional.
I MCALLISTER. 114. flat No. 6— Newly furnished
sunny suite of rooms; also comfortable room
for 1 or 2; rent cheap.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished single and double
rooms, 75c and Jl per week. -.
MINNA, 6C7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 830— Elegant suite parlors, suitable
for doctor or other professional gentleman.
MISSION, 122L near new Postofiice— Nicely fur-
nished single room: $*. ' " . " .- '
MISSION. 1514, ¦ nr. Eleventh— Bright sunny
rooms; private family; $1 25 per week. . . -
OAK. 117—2 Bunny parlors furnished for house-
keeplng. $14; single room, same. $8; telephone.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POST. €21— Two furnished rooms to let. $5 and
$S- no smoking or- drlnklnar in the house;
Protestant ChrUtian preferred. _
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.: suites or sin-
gle: transient; running water; rates reduced.
POWELL. 009— A new and very nicely furnish-
ed ;^_V______
POWELL. 612A — Pleasant suite of rooms; large
sunny front room and others: reasonable.
POWELL. 803. near. SacrameiUo— 2, 3 or. 4 un-
furnished rooms; marine view; sun all day.
ROSEDALE House: 319 and 321 Ellis »t.— Roorr.a,
night 25c to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 12« Ellis Bt.— Incandescent
light; reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 00; week, $2
to IS; month, $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
, rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House,; 2S Eighth St.,
near Market-i-Furnished or. unfurnished, p
SIXTEENTH. 3233A— 2 - or , S furnished roomj ;
use of kitchen if desired; cheap. v- •
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. svnd Unfnrn.
6OUTH PARK, 47— A nice furnished room, sun-
ny and pleasant, ln private family; terms rea-
sonable. .
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A- pood roomint house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. * ¦' -.;¦¦¦ - .¦•-• ¦'.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ALMORA, corner Twentieth and Mission sts.—
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
all modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate. . '
AT |40; room, board for 2 gentlemen; refined
family. Add. "Advertiser," P. O. Station H.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractlve Interior and table. 807 California st.
NICELY furnished room in a private family;
breakfast given if required. 1613 Gough st.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 X^fFURNISHED rooma wanted by gentleman i
and sister; must be downtown and in a prl-
vate family. Box 13S7. Call office. ,
SPECIAL SOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, {1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
POKE, 13S0 Market et., above-Jonea. -
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city' or country. PACIFIFC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 65S0.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com"
pany. 2320 Flllmore tit.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission »t.;
. tel. Main 1840 — Packing, moving and storage.
SEWIXG MACHINES' AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th_
ALL kinds bought, Bold. v exchanged, rented; ¦
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. •
JTVPEiVRITERS AXD SUPPLIES, j
GP.EAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITEIti^rt'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
.Exchange. 636 California, telephone Main ZSG.
NEW typewriters, J3 down, $5 month payments.
REVALK, 409 California st. ,>
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Oats and Hay— DepoT~Quar^
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco, Cal., August 13, 1300.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., August 23.
19C0, Pacific standard time, and then opened
for furnishing 3000 tons Oats and 1300 tons
Compressed Hay. Preference^ will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent
'of the consumption required by the, public
service there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication. Envelopes containing proposals will
be indorsed "Proposals for Oats and Hay."
aiid addressed to Major OSCAR F. LONG.
Quartermaster. U. S. Vols., . Depot Quarter-
. master.
CONSTRUCTION of sewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marln County. Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction of a system of eewers tn
Ross Valley. Marin County, as per plans and
specifications on file with the secretary.
Right reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
9 a. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 n. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, on Friday, Aug. 17. at U o'clock a. m.
, Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for & per cent o£.the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a satisfactory bond for the full amount
of the contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. n. HKRRY. Sec. 180 Sutter St.. S. F.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— -DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and <leath notices eent bj
mall will not be. Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed with the name and ' residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
, BOSN.
DTJNPHT— In this city, August 9, 1900, to the
wife of William H. Dunphy, a daughter.
MAGEE— In this city, August 13, 1900. to th«
wife of J. F. Magee, a son.
STAUFFBR— In this city. August 10, 1900,"- to
the wife of Fred R. Stauffer. a daughter.
MARRIED.
CROSS — GORHAM— In this city, August 6, 1900,
by the Rev. E. J. Lion. Edward L. Cross and
Ida M. Gorham. both of this city.
DiEJ). •
Doud. William A. McMahon. Michael
Dunne, Bridget C. McNally, Mary A.
Edmondson, Sarah J. Michaels. Lilian P.
Eggers, H. Fred Munro, Reuben
Herrmann. Oscar O'Reilly, Patrick
Kane, Mary Porter. Clara A.
Keeler. Jame» E. Zelmer, Daniel
Kennlff. Rose Warren. Bessie T.
McLoughlln. Eva I.
DOUD— In this city. August 11. 1900, William
A., .beloved husband of Octavla . Doud, and
father of Royal A. and William E.. and son of
Aaron ajid Flora H. Doud. and brother oft
Mrs. H. B. Edwards, a native of San Fran-
cIhco, aged 40 years 4 months and 17 days.
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at t o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be he-Id under tho auspices.
of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, 1 F. and A. M. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
DUNNE— A solemn requiem high mass (month's
mind) will be celebrated for the repose of. the
soul of the late Bridget Cecelia Dunne, at St.
¦Brigld's, Church, to-morrow (Tuesday), Au-
gust 14, 1900, commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend.
EDMONDSON— In this city, August 12, 1900
Sarah Jane Edmondson, beloved mother of
Alfred and William Edmondson, a native of
New Hampshire, aged 59 years. -
EGGERS— In this city. August 12. 1900, H. Fred
Eggers, a native of Holsteln,. Germany aged
6S years and C months. ,
C7 Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eichth.
HERRMANN— In San Jose, ¦ Cal.. August 1L
1900. Oscar, beloved husband of Kate Heir
mann. father of Vera. George and Kenneth
Herrmann, aud brother of William James
1 and George Herrmann, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 43 years. ..i&a&X&fH
CTTYlends and acquaintances are resner-t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dav
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 122 Scott street. Interment Masozjlc
KANE— In this city, August 10, Mary, beloved
wife of the late_Robert Kane, and beloved
mother of Richard Kane, and sister of John
Heany a native of Clifton, County Galwav
Ireland, aged 64 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street
thence to St. Mary's, corner of California and
Dupont streets, where services will be held
for the renose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment private, in Calvary Ceme-
tery. - v
KEELER— In this city. August 12, 1900, James
Edward Keeler, director of the Lick Observa-
tory for the past two years, a native of Illi-
nois, aged 42 years 11 months and 11 days
CTNotice- of .funeral hereafter. , .
KENNIFF— In this city.' August 12. 1900, at the
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
:. - DANIEL P. DONOVAN. MgT? \
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM2RS
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School
Is...- Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
n and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 187. '
IDKERAL DIBECT0E3 AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
mc a voy , «fcp co.; ; g
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &' EMBALMERS, I
1239 Market st. between 8th and 9th. B
¦ Telephone South 247. - - ¦ ,. ¦• , I
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
' On March 30 of this year" the "i Board of
Supervisors of San : Francisco passed Or-
dinance No. 25, prohibiting -the burial: of
the dead within the city and county. '.This
law goes into effect August < I; 1901: His-
tory shows that all large cities have found
it necessary to close their cemeteries, and
immedi^ply. tho relatives "and friends be-
ein to nWiove their loved'.ones to-cemeter-
ies less, liable to be disturbed I. by the
growth ; of "the, city. ? For , full * particulars
and expenses in disinterring and , transfer-
ring* bodies apply, to ; Charles ' H. : Jacob c - &
Co/TnAneral directors ; and ? embalmers, 31S
Mason street. Telephone ; Main 6213.
wovtiikkk iM«:iri«: ronMXi.
|l'At.-iriC HVSTKM.>
S*.% »'lt A. \f !*«'«>.
(Uain Line. Foos of Market Sireet.)
LSatb — Ktto.u AfiiL'-T 12. 1300. — aRRIVS
•7: OO* Benida*Suisuu. Kliaira. VicaTille,
Rums'j ami MMruufiiw •7:». - »p
m l :«« a Shasta Eipre»»— Datu. Willuuu (for
Bartlett Sprinjs). WUlowi. KeU
Blutf, Fonutid... *7rl3r
*7:Su« Martinez. .^a.u U;tiiioii, V»!!eju. Napa,
Calistita uid Santa Koi* c ail3p
•«:<)<• a Davis. Woodland. Kuigbta Laodlnc.
-Mary»vjlie. I'rntiil-. •7:l5p
| • "»:<>Oa Atlantk: Kxpres»-Ogtlei» sail Kwt # l*r45p,
•S:OO a Nilu, Tr-cy. lathrop, S;ockton "Ji 13a
•lilUt .S:m .1(.b«, l.iteriuiire. .SUwktoii.
Inue. . Saen»umuti>. " I'Ucrif iilo.
M»r>»VilU. Chici. Keit Itluir MilSr
*S:3Oa Oakdale, Chinese, (for Yosemite),
Uoiiora. Ortera *<>13p
*0:UOa Haywards. Nilrsacd Way .Sutiuui. *l li«">*
"J:»«> Los Angelas Exvresn — MarMnez.
Tracy. Latiirup. .IMK-kton. Merced
Frentio and Los As sale* *7:13r
•!I:;HM Vall.-j». Murrjim/. ;itiu Way HUblom 'atl.lp
•10:0ttA The OrerUn.1 Li'iiiMMl-OBtleu. Dan-
»er, Omaha. Chios i •SilSp
•11;OOa KUea. Stocktou. Maeramento, Men-
dotn. Fresno, Uanlurd. VlmlU.
Portertllte "liisir
•1 1:00a Llvennore, 3an;-r. Goshen Juno-
tioD. E ikerefteld, Loa XugcU s
•I2:OOm Haywarils. Nileaaiul Way citations. *2:l3r
tl:tlt»l" S«cr»iut*iir.u I'lfl iiUMiueni. ; 13:O»A
•:i:O»p Ilayirards, Niles aud Way Stations. •JUlr
M:O«p Maitiuex, s»u lUniou. V*llejo,
Napo, <i»l[«toK». SmiU Hom *«ilSa
•litmp lt,nid». Wlnten. Maer»inanl«.
Wooilland. KiiUUta Lauding.
M»ry»»il!-. Oiaitlla •!«: IT »
•4ia«»p NUe». SauJ(.«e»iid5lt.icktou *?s!3r
•3:00rThe Owl Limited— Trae7, Fresno.
... mic«sti«!il. SaiiiciM for a*ata U*r-
\ . bara. Los Angeles. • I O : I -% *
•5:O«p Stockton ?1»»«3a
. •S:OOp New Orleans Czpreaa— lt»k«niil»lil.
' M*ntA H«rbara. lios Angnies, l)«-iu-
, Ihk. El 1'aso, New Orleans and
Kast •7j41a
•OjOOp Haywards. Nilca »i.<l H*u Jose •7:«t*
? «:««r ValUjo »ia«iar
•ttsOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cbejenae.
Omaha, Chicago *12M3a
•0:00r OrienUl -Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. ChiC4«o Mil.ip
•7:OO» NU««. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... •¦'-t>13p
t~>O«r Valleju. Purt Coat* a»d Way rtta-
' • tiuua. _ J»>3»p
• 8 iO3p Oregon aad Calif ornH Kipreis.Hao-
ritnieiitii. MarjKille. KeiMliiK.
r..rU.4».l. 1'iiKwt Mo.i.i.1 ami >U»t *»il3\
COAST HI VIsION (RstftWM W» HR e).
( Foot of Market Street.) ¦'
{7:43a Santa Crnz Excnrsion for Hanta
i Cruz and Principal Way Station! |9iO3r
•SilSA Kewark.Onterfitle.Han.luae.Poltan,
BottUlnrCreek.SantaOruaand Way
t»il3p Newark. CenterVlflV, &an Jose, 'Heir
Almaiinn, Fr'.tun, Itonlilrr Creek,
Santa ('run and rrinclpat Way
Hutlotia •l»t»i»%
•4jI3p Newark. Saw Jkm. Los Gatoe f»rt«.t
q4i!5r Glenwood. Felton, Santa Crag «»:.t«»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frimSH rkiXCISCO— raal *f Hirkit Strnt(S:i>S>—
*7:15 a.00 ll:00%.U. ll.ZZ *2:03 13.33
•4:03 J5:03 •8;03r.i..
ff«fflO»KU8B-rnl»rgf»»(l«.T.— *«:00 8.00 10:00*. M.
t!2:03 »l:03 t3:C3 *3:C3 |t:C3 "3:C3r.M.
COAST III VISION (UroiiMinHUf).
flhlrdmidTownaeii.t SU.) -
t«:l«\ Ocean View, Houtb Han Kraacisco. . t«s:'»r
t":«»A Ran Joite and Way Ht«tii.iii».(Xev»
Almatlen Wwluesdaysonly) *l:3»r
JT::tO* Sanday Excursion fr 8an Jose,
V. Santa C'tok. Pacific Gro»e aad
Frinupal Way Stations tS:33p
•9iOO» Sun Jnw. Tres I'iitos, HitnU I'tiin,
Taeinc Cinie. i'aso Uohles. San
l>nls Ol>inpo, Hnrf. Louipuc sihI
l"rinci|>»l War S_.ti..im MilOJ
•l»it<l* Saa .loso an«» Way Station* "»iX'J»
•ll::tl>» ManJnae.LosGatosiunlWayHtatloiia a 3i»Op
ft: I5r San MaUo, Umlnood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. 8anU Clara. Man .Inse,
Tres Pinos. .Santa Crnr, Salinaa,
Momaray and I'aciHe l.rovo U<»:U<K
43:!ISr!<uJoai>uul Way St.itl<ma '"i.Ttlp
flllSr San Jose an.l Principal Way Station* "J:U4
i3:O«p San Jose, Los (iatos and Principal
Way Stations <»:««>»
•3::t»F San Joae and Principal Way Stations I*H»»4
•«::t»r Sail Joae aud Way Stations »":"<»» C
611 1 i5 F San J o»e and War Htati.nn , . . »" ;3O r
j A for Morning. ~ 1* for A f ternoon.
I 'Daily. f .Sunday etcented. J Sunday only.
i « Saturday ocly.
; a Saturday and Sund»» e Monday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN ET. CO.
t ¦Tn'?-'?'^'^
SAH FRAHC1SGQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
l'/i RAILWAY COMPANY.
! Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
1 SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAPAEL.
VEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 sv m. : 12:33.
t-JO. 5:10. 6:30 r>- m- Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1M
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 8:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. €:2O o. m. ,- .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:E0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
3:40, . 5:15 p. m. Saturuays— Extra trips at
1:55 and S:35 D. m.
BUNDATS— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:10.
E:OS. 6:2; p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schoetzen Park
•ame schedule aa above.
Leave J la Effect. I Arrir*
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. li00.| San Francisco^
Week J Sun- I x I Bun- I Week
Days. ( days. [ Destination.! days. ] Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 4:05 pm 10:25 am
1:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor. 110:25 to
HeaMsburg. I
Lytton. I
Geyservllle. I
1:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:S5 pra! «:I0 pra
7:30 ami | Hopland J |10:K am
1:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah/) 7:35 pm[ t:20 pm
T^Oam '. ¦ '¦ j J 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. I 7:35 pml
«:30 gm \ I 8:20 P«»
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and •*
1:19 pm| 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm t:20 pn»
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 110:23 an
8:20 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebaatcpoi. i M". pm| 6:20 pm
Btasrea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
PprlnKs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints: at
Geyservlllc for Skasja Sprins3: at CIov«n]a!9
for the Oeysera: at Honlar.d for Cnncait
8prln»r*. Highland Sprln^ra. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Sprinss, Soda Bay. Lukeport and Bartlett
Springs; at IHtlah for Vlchv Sprinars, Faratitri
Bprtnirs, Bine Lafcw. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Bprtnes. Unp«»r Lake. Porno. ¦ Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s. TSurkneM's.
Panhedrtn Heights. HullvUle. Orr's Hot
Bprtnss. Mendoclno City, Fort Brag?, W»st-
port. Usal. WHUta. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Eprinirs, Harria, Olsen'a. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trlD t'ekata at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
•Ticket offle*>s. 630 Market St.. Cnrontcle bids.
H. C. WH1TINO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Cen. Pass. A cent.
ROBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Cerr.menelntr April 23. 15W.
1 FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, -Srlu. »:J0. 11:00 a. m-S
U:'5. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. *3:15. 6:li. (:40 p. m.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. »S:CO. *9:00. *li):00. 11:00. ll:»
su m.; 12:45. "1:30. 2:30. *3:45. t:00. t:00. 7:»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael Sua-
4ayi.
Trains marked {•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO > SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:33. •«:». 7:50. a:4». »10;li a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 1:15, »3:3<). 4:30. 5:30 p, m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at M:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:13. »8:0O. *9:5<>. *ll:«0a. m-: •«:<»
m.: l:C0. 1:15. "3:30. 4:30. •5:45. «:45. 1:30. 10:J»
p. ' m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANC13C<X
WEEK DAYS— 6:13. «:45. 8:00, 8:55. 10:30 a.
m.: 12:35 1:43. 1:45. 3 JO. 4:S0. a:29 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wedneadaja
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:29 p. m. , . ¦
SUNDAYS— «:S5. »:03. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; ij:u;
l:!0. ZM. J:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadcro and way sta-
tions.
1:15 p. m. weekdays <Saturdays except sd)—
: Point Reyw and way stations.. ..
! 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way rta-
[ tlor.t.
1S:4S p. a. Sundays— Point Reyes and «%#
jtatloca, »
SAJSTA F*E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-bTREET ygnitY.
Leave:' Overland: Dally forChica- Arrive:
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern polnta.
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
:\ nix. Ariz.. Cakersaeld.
• a. m. Vlsalia, Tulare. Han- ip. m.
•ford. Fresntx Merced.
Stockton. Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. •Dining
, car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For Sanl
4:10 p. m. Pablo. Pinole, Mulr. Bay 11:08 a. m.
Point. Cornwall. Anti-
och and Stockton.
JBakerafleld Local: For San
• Pablo. Pinole. Mntr. Bay
Point, Cornwall. Anti-
1p.m. ooh. Stockton. Merced. Km
¦ Fresno. Hanford. Vlsa-
Ila, Tulare and Bakers-
field. - Sleeper* to Fresno
and Bakersnetd. -
TICKET OFFICES: S2S Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market St.. San Francisco.
1113 Broadway. Oakland
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Paciflo Coast Steamship Co.
~ ml^J 1^1 ; DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SElsTATOR
WILL SAIL FROM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
ON OR ABOUT
SEPTEMBER 4.
Passengers are advised to Inspect the Senator
before purchasing tickets via other steamers,
as her second class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Nome. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been running its steamers to Alaska— winter
and summer— for 25 years, and Is the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further Information
Inquire of H. H. LLOYD. Ocean Dock, Seattle.
Wash.; N. POSTON. 249 Washington st.. Port-
land", Or.; W. PARRIS. 124 West Second St..
Los Angeles. Cal.: GOODALL. PERKINS &
CO.. Gen. Agts., 10 Market st. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 New Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
;, Steamers leave Broadway
>>¦ *".;'". wharf. San Francisco:
VSfc»w- *" or Alaskan rort!< — 11 a.
MJk5«5J»v m., Ausrust 14. 19, 24. 29, Sept.
|wfri3»*»Sk 3. Chance 'o company's
tSkt%\Kl steamers nt Seattle.
kSS^SbN HAS For Victoria. Vancouver
Kjg&S2pf^ria1 <B. C). Port Townyend. Se-
j^"'^KiB$SH attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
i "^ fKilii cortes and New Whateom
™ (Wash.)— 11 a. m., August
i 14. 19, 24. 29, Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
-For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. August
11. IS. 21. 26, 31, Sept. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavinta,
Santa Rarbara, Ventyra, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anirele^) and Newport— 9
a. m.. August 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4.
and every fourth day therafter.
For San Dieso. stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obisno), Santa Barbara, Port
Loa Angeles and Redondo (Los Anceles) — V
a. m., Auerost 13. 17. 21. 25, 29. . Sept. I. and
every fourth day thereafter. ¦• '
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay,' San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. '
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
• The company reserves the rlttht to change
steamers, tailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. •
TI(Kf"f ow»< K— 4 New Montgomery
street tPalace HoteT).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Ajtents..
10 Market St.. San Francisco..
THF 0. R. & N. P.O.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
•PORTLAND
¦ From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
rinr SI2 First Class .Includlnq BsrVi
iflnC $8 Second na%y and Af.ealx
STATE^OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 11. Jl. Si
COLUMBIA sails August IS., 26, Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
- . . E. C .WARD. General Airent.
_ 630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
¦ Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Bran nan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe- (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallins. •-•¦• ' ¦"--,.:* --'.* ¦
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.......".. .....Wednesday. August 2S. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU.;
...Saturday. September tt. 1!«V)
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip I tickets at . reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
flW T0RK. SOUTHAMPTON L0.HD0W. PlTOl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Eyerv Wednesday, 10 a., m.
St. Louis .August 2I[ St. Louis... Sept. 12
New Ynrk....Au trust » New York Sept. 19
St. Paul. Sept 6'. St. Paul Sept. M
RED STA^ UNZ.
v rwl Yo'V'end Antw*-^
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August KfWesternland ...Sept. 12
Frie?land ....August 29} Kensington ....Sept. 11
Southwark Sept. 5 Noordland ......Sept. 26
j INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. .30 Montgomery Street ,
O0MPA8NIB 8E1TERALE TR*N3ATLANTiQT?E.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <£*/£f'V
Saturday, from November 2. IS99. at *^*
10 a. m., .from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton Btreet; LA BRETAGNE. August 16; LA
LORRAINE, Aus-ust 53: LA TOURAINE, Au-
gust 30; L'AQUITAINE. Sept. «. First class
to Havre. - J32 CO and upward. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA., 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. ' J. F
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. Ran Francisco.
0CEA3aO 8. S. CO.— HOXOLUX.U, APIA
AUCKLAND'AXU SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) ...."
........... ...\. Wednesday. August 22. 2 p. m
S. S. ' MARIPOSA (via Honolulu), to New
Zettland and Australia Wed., Sept. 5. g p. rn
L 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. (14 Montaomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frefaht Office. 3;? Market St
I BAY, AND RIVER ." STEAMEBS.
Steamer "MonticeUo." N '
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9^3
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p.- m. {ex-Thura. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. '2." Telephone Main 1308.
FARE '...... ,50c
* BAILROAD TBAVEtT"
MOUNT r TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave -San Francisco via " Sausatlto Ferry :
WEEK DAYS....9:*) a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS..-....8, ». 10. U a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p.m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
r ll^Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flm jJTjOlM U£AS3I K ST, KstaDllshed
¦nrM 111 1»54 tor the treatment of Private
HL/Ai'ilv* OlseRses, Lost Man hood Debility or
HK50?ESm disease Tearing on bodyand mind and
kSgBSj^l^ Hkin Diaoaaea. Th« doctorcureawheii
01 " 61^^" l >r 7 him. Charge? low
iiiwilTTiiiti Ttt~t~ pi — iTnntrr 11 Callorwrtta
Or. J. *". ulBBOST. Box l«J37.aan i'raaciaco
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
£** £^
THIS DAY. 7~,
MONDAY. August 13, at 11 O'clock, at
SNITZER'S SALESYARDS. TWELFTH AND
HARRISON STS.
I will sell 100 head of choice, sound, .young
horses, suitable for all purposes; weigh from
900 to 1600; broken and unbroken; from 4 to 8
years old, and must be sold>
S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
£a> AUCTION SALE fe
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY, Aue. 14. 1900. at 11 a. m.
; 79 head HORSES from Marlposa Stock Farm.
From 1000 to 1600 pounds.
¦ Several well-matched carriage teams. Some
big truck horses. Fine business and saddle
horses. Every horse well broken. Stock now
on exhibition.
OCCIDENTAL 'HORSE EXCHANGE,
..' y - 721 HOWARD ST.
5^ JUST COME IN!' fe
20 head CHEAP HORSES and MULES.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
¦¦ . " ' ' : 1732 Market st.
Z. T. WHITTEN. G. P.
H. W. QUITZOW. G. S. •
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1Q o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1404 Ellis street, near Buchanan, and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train tcfHUls of Eter-
nity Cemetery for interment.
KNIGHTS and Ladles of "Honor— The Grand
Lodge and members of the order will meet to
attend the funeral of P. P. Daniel Zelmer. a
charter member of G. L.. • this day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at 1404 Ellis street.
i CTRemains at the parlors of Carsw & Eng-
lish. 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter. :;•¦-'• * w.,
MICHAELS— In Alameda, August 11. 1900.
Lilian Frances, beloved wife of C. F., Mich-
aels, and only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ar-
thur F. Green, a native of Connecticut, aged
29 years 9 months and 20 days.
CyFuneral services this day (Monday), at
I o'olock.^from her late residence. 1637 Central
avenue, Alameda. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
MUNRO— In this city, August 10. 1300. Reuben,
beloved husband of Ella E. Munro. father of
Alice E. and Annie Irene Munro. son of Mrs.
A. H. Munro, and brother of Silas.. William •
Scott and Minna Munro. a native of Canada,
aged S3 years 10 months and 18 days.
(rjTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday).- at 2. o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33 California avenue. IntermenU Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by, electric funeral car
from Thirtieth Btreet. ,
O'REILLY — In the City and County Hospital,
August 12, 1900. Patrick O'Reilly, a native of
Ireland, aged* 65 years.
PORTER— In this city, August 12, 1900, Clara
A., beloved daughter of Edward and Ida C.
N. Porter, aged 14 years 4 months and 22 days.
WARREX — Drowned In San Francisco Bay.
near Belvedere, July 15, 1900, Bessie True
Warren, only daughter of C. A. and Ada W»
Warren, a native of San Francisco, aged ID
years G months and 8 days.
CTServlces at 2 o'clock, to-morrow (Tues-
day), at the residence, 2215 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private.
ZEIMER— In this city, August 13, 1900, Daniel,
beloved husband of Lizzie Zelmer. and father
of Isidor. Gilbert,- Albert and Hattie Zelmer.
. a native . of Austria, aged- 46 years. (New
York City papers please copy.) ¦ 1
cisco, aged 12 years 6 months and i days. . .
• (n^Xotlce of funeral hereafter. .'• ."
McLOUGHLIN— In this tity, "¦: August 12. 1900,
¦ Eva Imelda, beloved daughter of William J.
', and Mary L. McLoughlln, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 18 days.
MclIAHO.V- In this , city, August 12, 1900,
Michael McMahon. a native of . Carnacalla,
Kllrusn, County Clare, Ireland, aged 43 years.
(C^RemainB at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of funeral
" hereafter, i .' ;
McNALLY— In this city. August '1L 1900. at St.
Mary's Hospital, Mary A:, beloved wife of the
late John McNally, and mother of Mrs. Mar-
garet Allman, Mrs. W. Wetherell. Mrs.' Alice
Valiant and William. Eddie ¦ and Emily Mc-
Nally. a native of "Ireland.
residence of her parents. 2GH$'Larkln; street.
Rose; beloved daughter of C. : A. and Emily
Kennlff, and sister of Agnes, Clare, Gerald
and Joseph Kennlff. a native of San Fran-German Carpenters'. Annual Ball.
The thirteenth annual ball of the Ger
man Carpenters' Union No. 304 was given
at Teutonia Hall, 1220 Howard street, last
night. The attendance was large. The
committee of arrangements consisted of
Paul Mager.^ president of the union*. John
Felix. A. Hennings, Fred Miller, Frank
Treichel. Henry Conrad. John Bromlage.
Henry Schiller. Emil Stroth, Gottlieb Bay
and John Dlechle. Jacob Mager was floor
manager and A. Hennings and Henry
Ruppel were assistants.
Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, while Richardson was In bed. he
heard somebody open the door of his room
John Richardson, a machinist, living at
235 Langton street, told a startling HLory
to the police last night of how he had
been forced to sign a promissory .note for
$100 at the point of a pistol. Richardson
some time ago engaged a middle-aged
woman to keep house for him. Recently,
he claims, he had a growing suspicion
that'she was not attending to business,
and he decided to dispense with her ser
vices. On' learning of his intentions, he
Bays, she went to him and pleaded "with
him not to discharge her. She promised
to do better in the future, and on this con
dition he decided to retain her.
John Richardson's Story of
Midnight Crime Told
to Police.
COMPELLED TO
SIGN NOTE AT
PISTOL POUT
Last evening Richardson visited police
headquarters and told his tale of woe
to Captain of Detectives Seymour.
Richardson doubts whether he will be
able to identify the stranger, even if he
is arrested, i He says : he wore a dark
slouch hat which -was pulled down over
his eyes, partly concealing his face. He
Is particularly anxious that the police
arrest the woman, as he strongly believes
that she Is the main conspirator.
After returning to his house Richardson
round a half written promissory note
lying on the table and covered by a news
paper He believes that the strangers
Intended to compel him to sign- this one
in conjunction with the other, but at the
last moment. he decided not to.
Captain Seymour at once detailed two
of his best men on the case with Instruc
tions to do all In their power to land the
stranger and the woman. • '
The stranger then started for the door,
and as he noiselessly walked downstairs
Richardson started after him, intending
to compel him to-give him the paper. As
he grabbed himj. by. the arm the man
thrust his revolver in his face and order
ed him back into his room.
"You can't * get away from me," de
clared Richardson. ? "Give me the note
or I'll call a policeman."
Tho stranger, after releasing his arm
from Richardson's grasp, struck him a
light blow on the side of the head with
the pistol and ran from the scene. Real
izing the foolishness of following him,
Richardson contlned his efforts to find
ing a policeman.
Meeting a patrolman on Harrison
street, the machinist told him what had
happened. Accompanied by Richardson,
the policeman went to the latter's homo,
intending to Interview the woman, but
she had fled.
With trembling hand Richardson says
he took the pen that was proffered him,
and wrote his signature to the note. Dur
ing all this time the stranger kept his re
volver trained on him, frequently threat
ening to "blow his head off" if he made
any move. After the note was signed the
armed visitor , examined • the signature,
and, after placing the document in his
pocket, cautioned Richardson not to
report the occurrence to the police under
penalty of being made a subject for the
Coroner.
The stranger instantly drew a revolver,
and, pointing it at Richardson, ordered
him to keep quiet. Just then, the machin
ist says, the woman appeared, and, pro
ducing a promissory note for $100, com
manded him to sign it
"Take your time about it," the woman
declared, according to Richardson, "as
we do not want any dispute to arise over
the signature when we try to negotiate
the note."
ar.d strike a match. He called to the In
truder, who proved to be a man, and
ask<»d him what he wanted.
Dr. F. P. McGrovexn Gets Mixed. TJp
in a Saloon Row With Dis
astrous Results.
Dr. F. P. McGovern of 619 Valencia
Btreet was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital early yesterday morning by Police
man Cleu, where it was found that his
left leg was broken. The physician was
under the influence of liquor, and accused
the attaches of the hospital, individually
and collectively, bf stealing his gold
watch and chain.
Yesterday when he was sober McGovern
asked that the police be notified about the
theft of his watch and chain, and De
tective Dillon was detailed on the case.
The physician told the detective that the
last ealoon he recollected being In was at
the corner of Fourteenth and Valencia
streets. There he got into a row with
some men he thought were prize-fighters,
and he was punched In the face and
thrown out. He suspected the men of re
lieving him of his watch and chain, which
be valued at $75.
LOST WATCH AND CHAIN
AND HAD A LEG BROKEN
Where Is ; FelixP
.Air business and club men remember
Felix, .who for ¦ the last ten years ' has
catered, to their appetites in the old Bo
hemian - quarter; and -his disappearance
from i ! the Sacramento-street establish
ment has caused 'much grumbling com
ment."--But; Felix- Is notlost; he has sim
ply been '¦ carried - along with the wave of
progress ' and prosperity and opened the
coziest rotisserle in town at .537 Califor
nia street, where he: will be pleased to
serve his old patrons in 'his new model
establishment. ..Felix's promise Is a'guar
antee' for perfect service .. at - modest
prlces:_ :" :.'j^'_- :¦„--'¦--•.:''.; ¦ V
: . It; has' been- computed, that that : there
axe ' 100,000- ¦ railway locomotives ; «n . •; the
world. •;.- .
I Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggt»t3, 50o flask, ft lchaxds & Co.. KM Clajr.
Disappointed Because I*arge Siego
Guns Were Left at Depot.
General Williston Sick.
Hundreds of people visited the Presidio
yesterday with the expectation of viewing
the large guns of Siege Battery O. but
thoy •" were disappointed. The guns and
equipage were left. at. the freight depot,
aa their great weight rendered their trans
portation to tho Presidio too great an un
dertaking.
General E. B. "Wllllston was removed
from his quarters at the Occidental yes
terday to the general. hospital. The gen
eral is suffering from nervous prostration
brought on by exposure in the Philippines,
and it was feared that the number of calls
to which he was subjected at the hotel
would prove too great a strain.
Private Payne. Troop A of the Ninth
Cavalry, had an encounter with the ser
geant of the guard Saturday night and
had to be treated at the 5 hospital for a
severe scalp wound; The 'wound was in
flicted with the butt end, of, a, carbine. :
Thomas Ashe, the' teamster who was
kicked by a horse, had not recovered con
sciousness up to a late hour yesterday
afternoon. The doctors fear the injuries
will prove fatal. ' ... —
• Private S. E. Hoffman, a recruit, recent
ly assigned to the Third Artillery, was
shot through ; the foot yesterday. When
brought to the hospital he told the stew
ard he was cleaning . his . gun, and not
knowing it was loaded was careiess In the
handling.* He wlll.be confined. to his bed
for. a few weeks. * v
HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE
VISIT THE PRESIDIO
The second of the course of lectures on
"Infidelity** was delivered by Benjamin
Fay Mills at Metropolitan Temple last
night before tho Ethical Institute. The
subject was, "Wh'j Are the Believers?"
"The believers," said Mr. Milts, "are not
only those who believe in any particular
faith, creed, dogma or doctrine, but those
who believe In nature, in the succession of
the seasons and in the ultimate good
•which may be accomplished by indi
viduals. Those who believe in these
things and in their continuance for some
good purpose have faith— the highest,
jiol-le^t and erreatest faith. It Is a greater
and nobler faith than the belief in any
particular events alleged to have occur
red in the past or in any particular ordi
nances imposed by revelation upon man
kind. Those believers are everywhere,
amonjr all peoples, none of them perfect,
but all in various Stages of perfection."
"Who Are BelieversP"'
The feature of the affair which lends
it an air of mystery is the reticence
of the dwellers in No. 623. When a
Call reporter visited that place
last night he was told that nothing un
usual had taken place on Friday night.
That any shooting had occurred was em
phatically denied. Yet Miss Nettle Hrnne'
and Mrs. Henne both assert positively
that from No. 623 the shots came,
and from the front door bearing that num.
A Mysterious Silence.
The portion of Fillmore street in which
the mysterious shooting occurred is thick
ly populated. On the southeast corner of
the five lrundred block is the Sacred Heart
Church. On the northwest corner of the
block below Hayes Is the Convent of the
Holy Family. All round are fine resi
dences.
Fogarty then went to the house of Wil
liam J. Mulcahy, a janitor in the City
Hall, to compare notes in the night's
happenings. Mulcahy had heard nothing
but had noticed the trail of blood.
From Fell street to Hayes on the east
sidewalk of Fillmore, the course Mrs.
Henne declared that the man had taken,
was a thick trail of blood. It ran as far
as the center of Hayes street. There all
trace ended. So well defined was the
bloody trail that oven yesterday it was
still plainly discernible.
Next morning John Henne told John T.
Fograrty, of the Royal and Queen Insur
ance Company, who lives at 606 Fillmoro
street, of tho night's happenings. Fo
garty and he then went out together to
look at the course the mysterious man
was said to have taken.
other shot followed; then there was a
crash, and a woman's voice cried, "Put
the light up, will you?" \
The two frightened women then saw. so
they say, a man, bundled up in a long
black overcoat, stagger out of the front
door of 623 Fillmore street. When ho
gained the sidewalk he made his way up
Fillmore street as far as Fell, then came
across on to the other side of the 1 street
and went down Fillmore in the direction
of Hayes. Mrs. and Miss Henne watched
the man across Fillmore again. Then, as
he passed ,by the Convent of the Holy
Family, they lost sight of him. As all.
then remained quiet they returned to beJ.
The house of mystery. No. 623, 13
owned by. a man named Ullenthal, at
present in the country. On' Thursday
night, the night before the shooting, the
place, which had been unoccupied for
some months, received new tenants. They
moved In at dusk, and their few' modest
possessions, of which a piano was the
chief, were contained In one express
wagon:- . ' .. -
"The flat was unfurnished." explained
Miss; Henne, "and the new .tenants
brought very little furniture. I don't
know what a burglar could want there."
.William J. Mulcahy told of the crimson
trail along the sidewalk. "It was as dis
tinct as possible," he said. "There was no
possibility of its being paint or anything
else. It was blood. I think the police
should be informed of the affair."
John T. Fogarty declined to • say any
thing about the affair. "Go over to 623."
he said; "they can tell you there. I don't
want to bo bothered. Yea, I saw the
blood. "We all did."
ber staggered the man who left the trail
of blood which all the neighborhood has
seen and puzzled over.
"It was about half, past 2 on Friday
morning," said Nettle Hennie last night,
"that grandmama awakened me. She
called me to her window and told me that
there had been some Bhootlng in 623. We
both stood at the window for a few sec
onds. Nothing happened and we were
about to retire again when we both were
brought to the window again by a terrible
scream. Then came- a sharp report like
that of a- revolver and a woman cried,
"Put that light up." Almost at the same
time a man In a long black overcoat stag
gered out^of ;the door of 623.
"The nwon showed every object up
clear as daylight. He wore a slouch hat
and had, 1 think, a beard, though it may
have been the shadow. He ran up the op
posite sidewalk to Fell street. There he
crossed over to our side and ran down to
ward Hayes. He crossed Hayes and In
the shadow of the convent we lost sight
of him. I called my brother and my
father, but after a brief consultation we
decided to do nothing till morning. It was
clear moonlight, bright as day. I could
not be mistaken as tcnthe occurrences of
Friday night." -j
Heard a Piercing Scream.
Hardly had they taken their eyes off the
house when a piercing scream brought
them to the window again. An-
Plan Showing the "House of Mystery" and the Course Taken by the Unknown.
Number 605 Is the house from which Miss Henne watched on the night of August 10 after she had been awakened
by shooting. Number 623 is the "House of Mystery." Dotted line indicates tracks.
THREE pistol shots heard
shortly before dawn on
Friday last, followed by
a woman's scream of terror or
supplication, and next morn
ing a trail of blood from the
house -whence the startling
sounds apparently came, have
caused the wildest excitement
and surmise among the resi
dents on Fillmore street, be
tween Hayes and Fell. Two
credible witnesses saw a man
stag-ger out of a house, but
this is the only light on the
Western Addition mystery.
On Friday morning last, shortly after
2 o'clock, Mrs. John Henne. who resides at
608 Fill more street, was awakened by two
shots fired In rapid successon somewhere
outside. She went to her window and
drew up the shade, but saw nothing. Still
thinking, however, that her ears had not
played her false and that she had ac
tually heard shots she roused her grand
daughter. Miss Nettie Henne, who slept
in the next room, and telling her of the
startling sounds which had awakened her
called her to the window. There was a
bright moon and every object showed
clearly. The two women stood looking at
C23 Fillmore street, the hou6e opposite
theirs, from which they believed the
shots had emanated, but as all remained
quiet they turned away again.
Fillmoire-Stireet Residents Hear Screams amd Fining
After MMnigitot— Next Day Bloodstalins
xi/T ji *\/* A. 9 9 TCil * Jl<»<t-
Hoots and Yells for the
Directors Who Advocated
Alteration.
•
Stormy Meeting Ends in Wild Stam
pede to Signify Disapproval of
French. Hospital's Board
of Trustees.
Stormy words " flew and confusion
reigned at the meeting of the French
Benevolent Association held at Native
Sons' Hall yesterday afternoon. The meet
lr.g was called by the board of directors of
the French Hospital to consider the ad
visability of constructing extensive Im
provements and ait.era.Uons In that Insti
tution. About 60u men assembled In the
old hall and demonstrated their disapprov
al of the directors' plans by hoots, yells
and making "rough house" generally. The
lie was freely passed and members whose
sentiments diu not meet with the approv
al of the meeting were howled down.
Finally the question whether the Im
provements ebould be made was put to
the assembly. •
"Those who disapprove move to the
right of the hall," cried President R.
Chartrey. __,. ,, . .
The entire meeting with wild yells, hats
hoisted on car.es and waving handker
chiefs lined themselves in a solid mass
as near the right hand wall a« they could
get. "It will be unnecessary to count
votes," eaid Chartrey. . dryly. Three
small boys who didn't understand French
¦were the* cnly ones left.
When the meeting was called to order
Chartrey told his audience that they were
there to" discuss how the $25,000 set aside
¦for repairs on the hospital. was to be used.
Howls of derision greeted him.
"The negotiations with the contractors
have been already entered into," he said.
"Are they signed?" cried some one. "No."
¦was the reply.
Then Editor E. Gostleux sprang to his
feet. "Oh, no; they're not signed," he
cried. "I saw the signatures on the con
tract, but they're not signed."
"Liar:" came from the platform, and for
a moment It looked like a session of the
French Chamber of Deputies.
Gostieux asked the members how they
•ucre to provide for the sick if all the
;no>:ff was tr-trt on alteration.*?
"We have the finest hospital in the city:
•we must keep adding to it or it will soon
be but a second rate one," said Chartrey
a.-; suon as he could make himself heard
above the applause Gostleux's speech had
excited.
"Vote: Vote!" cried the crowd in the
hall. •
"The question Is not what kind of
alterations are we to have, but are we to
have them at all or no?" shouted Alex
ander HergeroL
"Yee! Yes! that's r'ght. No improve
ments!" yelled the metting.
.. The directors emlled diplomatically.
•Chartrey rost to put the question. Then
came the stampede. It Is evident that the
French Hospital will remain as it is for
a while.
FRENCH SOCIETY
WANTS SAME OLD
MAISON SANTE
"President McCarthy of the Building
Trades Council and other leaders are con
tending that they are trying simply to
get' for the millmen what all the other
building trades have. They do not realize
that the building trades come in compe
tition with products from the outside. If
a house is to be built the brick must be
laid here, the plastering must be done
here, and so with the carpentering,
painting, and all the way through.- But
tho mill work may be done in New York
or Stillwater or Grand Rapids, where ten
hours is a day's labor. Outside mills are
direct competitors with us. and that is
why we contend that there is no injustice
in maintaining a nine-hour day though all
the other building trades have the eight
hour day. The unions refuse to protect
us against even the competition of mills
in the California lumber regions because
it is too big a proposition for them to
handle. In consequence we must either
maintain our present footing or get out
of the business."
"The fight against our demand. J. J.
Williams, secretary of the Mlllmen s
Union, said to a Call representative, 'is
being made principally, by C. A. Hooper
& Co. Now Hooper has had the advan
tage of the other millowners for the last
twelve years by 12W. per cent. He has
worked his men ten hours as against nine
hours in most of the other mills. He has
had other advantages over them through
the general lumber business. Yet they
have survived that competition. We be
lieve they will be better off if put on an
equal footing here by a uniform eight
nour day, and It Is only Justice to the
worklngmen that we are demanding.
In four San Francisco mills and in all
of the Oakland mills the union men were
paid off Saturday night after their re
fusal to return this morning under the
old schedule, and were ordered to remove
their tools from tne mills. In a number
of others they were notified to appear at
the usual time this morning for work, or
else to call at 10 o'clock to receive the
wages due them for last week's work,
and to remove their tools. Still other own
ers were content to Vait until this morn
ing, giving no notice to the men supple
mental to the answer made by their as
sociation to the Building Trades Council.
"Unless some understanding is reached
before the end of the week." Andrew Wll
kie, proprietor of the Mechanics' Mill,
said yesterday afternoon, "I believe build
ing will practically cease in San Francisco
and the bay cities, and the 15,000 men in
the building trades will be thrown out
of employment. Builders will simply de
cline to undertake new work until the
trouble is adjusted. They will not be able
to get mill work from us or from outside
mills because the unions will refuse to
handle the material. Building cannot pro
ceed without the mil? work, and all of the
trades concerned will be tied up. This, too,
in the best season of the year.
"There Is no personal feeling between
the millmen and the millowners in this
contest, so far as I know. Nearly all of
the owners would be glad to see the eight
hour day in force, but when we figure it
up and find the balance on the wrong side
of the ledser we .would be madmen to
grant the demand of the union.
The millowners will meet to-night. The
meeting will be a Joint session of the San
Francisco Planlng-mill Association, the
San Mateo Planing-mlll Assocation and
the Oakland Planlng-mill Association. It
will probably be decided then whether the
mills shall try to continue operations with
non-union men or shall adopt the other
policy of closing down until an adjust
ment is effected.
The non-union phase of the question
just now Is commanding most attention
In both camps. Should the millowners be
able to continue operations with the' help
of the few non-union : men in the mills,
supplemented by unemployed mlllmen
now in the city or non-union men se
cured from the outside, the contest will
at once assume bitter features. If the
mills are compelled to close down for lack
of laborers the effects of the contest will
be been mainly in the negation of opera
tions in the Dulldlng trades. In either
case It is conceded that if a settlement
is not effected within two weeks at most
the building- trades will be tied up, either
through strikes or walkouts of the union
men to prevent the use of mill work pro
duced by non-union men, or by -.the re
fusal of contractors to undertake new
work.
The executive committee of the Build
ing Trades Council, which is directing
the millmen's light for the eight-hour day.
will go into session at 8 o'clock this morn
ing, and will receive reports from men
employed In the various mills. In case
non-union men continue work in any of
them efforts will be made to induce them
to join the union, or at least not to Jeop
ardize the cause of their fellow working
men by working under the nine or ten
hour schedule. The leaders say that no
violence or intimidation whatever will
be used. •
Mlllmen and millowners are waiting
somewhat nervously for developments
thajt to-day will bring forth. The work
ingmen no longer expect any of the bosses
to weaken and let the men go to work
under an eight-hour rule, and few of the
owners expect more than a corporal's
guard of the employes to continue wont
ing under the old arrangement.
Much Interest Manifested as to Num
ber of Non-Union Men the ""
Employers Will •*»
Secure.
Prediction That All Build
ing Will Cease Within
MILLOWNERS AND
MILLMEN AWAIT
TO-DAY'S EVENTS
PISTOL SHOTS AND CRIMSON
TRAIL POINT TO A MYSTERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MON DAY, AUG UST 13, 190
Recommended by physicians. Water always
dean and warm.'' Tub department beat In city.*
Swim at .the Crystal Baths.
. Albert. Glllman., proprietor, of a lodglnj*
houseat: 1055'.4 Market 'street;: complained
to n the ; police ~ yesterday ; about k a ; family
named Bailey^ who lived in his house."; He
said the husband Is dying from consump
tion and ¦ unable to ./work. : and the /mother
drinks and neglects her two children.. who
have/ to be 1 fed -by other, roomers .in : the
house. Officer McMurray of ; the l Society
for the Preventlon;of Cruelty to Children
will be asked to investigate the case.;; . «<•
Accused of Neglect.
B. Ash, a stalwart (butcher living; at
441 Natoma street, acter so queerly yes
terday morning that his wife telephoned
to the Southern police station. Policemen
Donovan and Conlon * were Bent to the
house with the patrol wagon. "When Ash
saw them he attacked , them, and a; des
perate struggle ensued for a few mln'utes^
Ash was overpowered. ¦ He was ! taken to
the Receiving Hospital; to be placed in the
insane ward, but his wife called later and
refused to swear Ao a . comnlalnt ; charg
ing him with: Insanity. They went away
together. '-. .V^t ..-:\ ¦ • .¦¦ - •:¦¦¦». ¦•:
Sudden Fit of Insanity.
10
We Are Giving
Teas, Coffees,
I Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Bay j
Baa Amrlai hmu Tea Go.
MONEY-SAVINC STORES."
IlC-CIi Grant Ave. (Bet. butter and Post).
>tl Market St. lOpp. FoweU).
140 etxih st.
lii Hayee St. 211 Third St.
14l» Polk St. C21 Montgomery At*.
Z&1S Mission St. 70S Larkln St.
S006 Sixteenth St- IK9 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth £U 476 Hal£ht St. - •
?OCS Fillmore St. 22S5 Mission St.
12 Market St. 2722 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
jCf-J 'CTasblscton St. C1C E. 12th St.
1227 £roadw8jr. hq 23d Ave.
0110 Seventh St. 1S55 Park St.. Al&xnedt,
B St.. sear 4th. San Rafael.
A Big Premium Given With
Every Purchase.
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
IncluClnif Lematres. with and ¦without handle*.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premise*. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^^'^W.
642 Market 5t. instruments
ufoc« CHBONiat ButL3i»<&. LATAtOGUt FR£E.
PALACE HOTEL
It is universally acknowledged that these
hotrl* i*.f#r-tt the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cutslne and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a cov»r«»d paasajfeway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|fc A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IlS'VIGORA-
tcr and Nervine,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
aeys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agentl,
K3 Market st, S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
BDWEN
& CD
The right goods to talk
about makes our weekly
mention valuable to you—
profitable to us
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Macaroni— French J2hc
Spaghetti— Verm'celli— Lettrs& "
Numbers — finest quality — fr sh —
reg'ly 15c lb
Chutney— Bombay pint 30C
reg'ly 40 and 60c 5OC
Indian mangoes prepared after ah
Army recipe
Whiskey— g'b'a Co bottle 75c
reg'ly Si bo $4 gal gallon $^
Old mellow rye — Pennsylvania —
mature— pleasant -T ¦'
Orange marmalade-tfeffzer 20c
Dundee preserve — tempting even dur-
ing fresh fruit season — reg'ly 25c jar
Rice— Carolina 5-lb carton 45c
reg'ly 10c lb 10-lb *! 90C
Our Creole brand will be appreciated
by refined tastes — white — flaky
Pimientos Mor rones 20c
Stuffed Spanish peppers — used In
numerous recipes appearing in August
catalogue— reg'iy 25c can
Shelled almonds— Jordan 37^
Best quality for blanching and grating
imported— reg'ly 50c lb
OHveS— Dolly Varden 25C
Cured in properly made brine— retain-
talning natural flavor— variety of sizes
in bottle — reg'ly 35c
Root beer-tffres' #,
. Sparklinc— ready to use— pleasant and
invigorating— reg'ly $1.15 doz
Breakfast mush^ s eat \ &P 25 c
Steam cooked— makes bone and v
, muscle — thoroughly cleaned
University brand
Vinegar— Estrayon 25c
Flavored with pure herbs— free from
» mineral acids— reg'ly 30c bottle
MolaSSeS— New Orleans 55c
Real old fashioned flavor— now is the
_ time fora candy pull— reg'ly 75c gal
Sultana. raisins— imported 15c
No. 1 Turkish- : -^eedless— cleaned by
our own machine— reg'ly 25c lb
.Tooth powder— Wright 25C
Antiseptic myrrh— pleasant and effec-
tive— reg'ly 25c bot '
Bran^bagS— French 25C
Softens and- perfumes the bath water
soothing to the skin— reg'ly 25c
Cigars— Key w^t 4 for 25c:
Perlade Santiago j * box of 50 . $> 3
. .Going rapidly— secure a- box at this
price y. ;> '
A few good recipes in August catalogue
—secure a copy to-day
. 432 Pine 232 Sutter i3oo California San Francisco
1073 Clay between Eioventn and Twelfth Oakland
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF 'THE—
Pacific Surety
COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1S99. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions cf Sections 810 and 811 of the To-
Htlcal Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the CommlK-iior.pr.
CAPITAI*.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash £30,000 00
ASSETS. V
Real Estate owned by Company M.500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 161.711 4i
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
BOTlds owned by Company 54.333 19
Cash In Compary's Offlce 413 *>
CasS In Banks S.2S7 10
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1.937 U
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages »T0 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 4,812 72
Cash deposited In Savings Banks 73,345 52
Total Assets J3C7.W2 51
LIABILITIES.
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less. 9 ; reinsurance £0
per cent I1S.S90 03
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; reinsur-
ance pro rata 3. OS) S3
Taxes due and to become due......... 1.230 "i
Total Liabilities CL1U H
¦ * ¦
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for prem-
lums ?53."' •»
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortitages 11.473 K
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources r£I ??
Received from all other sources * 2.»j9 9j
Total Income K2.407 IS
EXPENDrTCRES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
Ins 1 1"*«« * Previous years). $3.S» 15
Dividends to Stockholders......... ...... 14.2*0 00
,Paid or allowed for Commission or
Paid° for * Salaries',' "Fees. *nd oin'er
charges for officers, clerks, etc-.... 11.8CS CO
PataWor State. National and Local -^
Another" payments" and expenditures.. ll.!C3 73
Total Expenditures $46,510 M
IX5SSES Incurred durlnff the year......J4.1C2 13 \
WALLACE EVERSON, President.
A. P. REDDING, Secretary.
Rn*«.rih#d and sworn to before m». this 13t,*»
day oT^ Jaguar?. 1300. M. M RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Paid-up Capital and Reserve - $313,000.00
Gcarintea and Casualty.
Bonds of Suretyship.
Steam Boiler and Plat3 61as3 Insurance.
HEAD OFFICE— 326 Montgomeij Street.
"DR.MCNULTY.
T1HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT.EOLD
. sp.-cin'.islcuri'j Private, Nervous, and Uiooil l)i»-
eaues of Men only- Book on Private .Diseases ami
We»kne™es of Men. tree. Over20y"rV experience.
Patients enrednt Home. Terms reasonable. Ilonrs!)
to3d*Ily:&30to8:a> pv'sts. Sunday*. 10tnl2. Consul.
tationfreeaud sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. UOMCOK McXl'l.TY. .11. 1>.
2GJ J liearny St., Man .Franei»e«>, Cal.
_ :
IA/. T. HESS. X "
KOTAKT PUBLIC AND ATTOKMT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
. Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, SSI California st.. below Pow«n. .
San Francisco. « '
Or Monday, August 13th, we will Dlace on sale
an elegant assortment of NEW NOVELTY
SILKS for FALL WEAR, We call SDecial at-
tention to the following extraordinarg values.
Braided effects in Solid Colored TAFFETAS, 20 inches
wide $1.00 Yard
Pllsse and Corded Striped TAFFETA (sort flnlsH), all
newest shades, 20 Inches wide SI. 00 Yard jg
New colors In Soft Finish TAFFETA, white and hlack
hralded effects, In stripes' onlg, 20 Inches wide
SI. 25 Yard
Light colors In Satin Stripe TAFFETA PLISSE, 24 Indies
wide $1.35 Yard
White Ground TAFFETA, with light hlue, cardinal and
J navg satin stripe, hralded effects, 20 Inches wlde...^
SJ.5O Yard
New Corded Striped TAFFETA, In turquoise and white,
grag and white, and lavender and white, 21 Inches
wide $I.5O Yard
Complete assortment of colorings In NEW TAFFETAS,
SILK POPLINS, CREPE de CHENE, SATIN DUCH-
ESSE and PANNE VELVETS.
All the latest shades In our standard qualities of SILK*
velvets at SI.50 and $2.00 Yard
ISTOTE.
Our customers In the Interior ape requested to
write Top samples of our New Fall Goods. All
orders for either samples or goods filled and
shipped the same dag theg are received.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P^J3 || I) , - methods have made the BraB
|HJW| 11 lu KomMer*. *nd *eenre a Col- Hnfi
THOS. B. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth Streets, S. F.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.