PARIS, July 13.— The Chinese Minister
here has communicated to M. Delcasse,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, an imperial
edict dated June 2S. To this M. Delcasse
has replied that since the Chinese Govern
ment has the means to communicate with
its representatives aboard, it ought to
guarantee communications between .the
foreign powers and their representatives
at Peking,'. and' he has therefore charged
the. Chinese Minister- to transmit, a tele
gram to M-Pinchon, the French Minister
to China.
been evacuated, the Boxers having ap
peared and are threatening to massacre
foreign servants and native Christians.
The motto on the Boxers* flags is: "Assist
to overthrow the dynasty and expel for
eigners." There was no gunboat at Wen ;
chau. All the foreigners ¦ from there ar
rived at Ningpo this morning. • Trouble
Is imminent at Ningpo.
.
RUSSIANS ORDERED
FROM MANCHURIA
ST. PETERSBURG. July 13.— The latest
advices received here regarding the
spread of the revolutionary movement 4 in
Manchuria added but little material In
formation. On June 24 an edict of - the
Emperor of China was intercepted, order
ing the Chinese troops to unite with the
Boxers. , . . . r :
Subsequently .the Governor of i Moukden
informed the chief engineers that the rail
road line' must be 'handed "over ; to the
Boxers Burning a French Mission Near Peking and Murdering the Converts.
From Le Petit Journal.
translated into the official cipher of the
State Department. The contents were not
made known to Mr. Wu. but in its unin
telligible cipher form it waa entrusted to
him to be placed In the hands of Minister
Conger at the earliest possible moment.
Wu determined to act through the
medium of an Influential Imperial officer
at Shanghai, who, by reason of his
position, is better able than any one el?o
in China to execute such a mission. Be
sides forwarding the message to Minister
Conger. Wu sent to the Chinese official
a detailed and urgent explanatory mes
sage In which was set forth the imper
ative Importance of performing this serv
ice for the American Government. The
official was urged to spare no effort or
expense In forwarding the message by
couriers, runners or any other means. In
to the hands of Mr. Conger, and to tzs«
like means In getting back the answer to
the American Government Two days
have now elapsed since the message to
Conger went forward, and it Is confident
ly believed that It is now on Its way from
Shanghai to Peking, surrounded by such
safeguards and such efforts for speed that
a reasonably early answer may be expect
ed. At the same time it is remembered
that it took ten days for China's official
decree to get from Peking to Washing
ton. Minister Wu Is bending every energy
to accomplish this task at the earliest
possible moment, for he looks upon it
not only as a duty, but as a means by
which Chinese oUidals can show their
sincere desire to render every assistance
to the American Government In the prw
ent emersency.
Chinese Minister at Washington Aiding
. the Secretary of State in an Effort to
Establish Communication With Peking.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— The
Chinese Minister, Mr. Wu. has
undertaken to get through a
cipher cable message from
Secretary Hay to United
States Minister Conger at Peking and to
deliver back the reply of Minister Con
ger, If he be alive. Wu forwarded the
cipher dispatch, together with an extend
ed explanatory message of his own, on
Wednesday and the results are now being
eagerly awaited both by Secretary Hay
and the Chinese Minister, although It is
appreciated that some days must elapse
before runners can carry out this plan of
opening up communication between the
American Government at "Washington
and the American Minister at Peking.
It was soon after Minister Wu present
ed the text of the edict Issued by the
Chinese Imperial Government that Mr.
Hay requested him to get through a mes
sage to Mr. Conger. Since the Chinese
Government succeeded in getting through
Its own communication from Peking. Mr.
Hay felt that It was quite reasonable to
ask that liks communication be opened
between our Minister and the Govern
ment here.
Wu readily assented to this proposition
and evinced an earnest desire to use all
his personal influence in getting through
the message.. He suggested, however,
that Mr. Hay himself should write the
message in cipher, as this would be proof
positive to Mr. Conger of its genuineness,
whereas any open message to the Minis
ter might be open to suspicion of having
emanated from the Boxers. Mr. Hay
.v^eteupon wrote the message and had it
WU TRYING TO GET
MESSAGE TO CONGER
REPORT OF MESSAGE
TELLING OF MASSACRE
LOXDON, July 13.-A news agency re
port Fays that an important message re
ceived in London states that ail the for
e!*mers in Peking were murdered July 6.
This story }<= «aJd to have emanated
from the Japanese legation, but all diplo
mats there denied ar.y knowledge of It.
URGED TO SEND TROOPS
TO AID FOREIGNERS
EECLIX, July 13.— According to a semi
official telegram from Canton, dated
Thursday, July 12, LI Hung Chang, July
6. received a written Imperial edict dated
June 17, ard sent overland. In which
all the Governors were urged to dispatch
troops with the utmost speed to help
against the rebels, among whom Prince
Tuan was clearly indicated. Acting on
this edict, which is said to be undoubted
ly genuine, LI Hung Chang is sending
some thousands of troops to Peking and
the other Governors are probably doing
the same.
ITAXY'S QUOTA OF TBOOPS.
ROME. July 13.— A contingent of troops
for China will leave Naples July 18. Ac
cording to the Tribune, a second contin
gent, which, like the first, will be com
posed of two battalions, will be sent. The
expeditionary corps will thus be raised to
5000 men.
Consul General Goodnow Cables the State
Department the Depressing Information
That the "Final Attack" on the Legations
at Peking Had Been Arranged for July 7.
Chinese Diplomats Entering
Upon the Last Stages of
Preparing the World for
the Worst.
was during a conterence the Minister had with Secretary
Hay on Wednesday that the suggestion was made that it would
be advisable for the department to prepare a cipher dispatch and
intrust it to the Minister for transmission, if possible, to Peking.
When asked to-night if he had received any reply, Wu said he
had not, nor does he expect an answer for some days.
It is apparent to the State Department that Li Hung
Chang does not propose to proceed to Peking, though he has
been strongly urged by the powers to do so. Scgne days ago the
department offered to convey him by the cruiser Brooklyn to
Taku. Li Hung Chang could not go north at that time, the
orders to Admiral Remey to proceed to Taku were imperative,
and the Princeton was then sent to Canton to receive, him. But
Li was still unwilling or unable to leave, and the Princeton, be
ing needed in the north,' had to leave yesterday and arrived to
day at Hongkong.
A dispatch was received to-day from Consul Me Wade at
Canton stating that "Li Hung Chang has engaged quar
ters upon the Chinese steamer Ah Ping, but the date of his de
parture for the north is as yet undecided."
Li Hung Chang probably appreciates the fruitlessness of
his going to Peking and the inadvisability of placing himself in
the power of his enemies who are in control.
world for the worst. Consul General Goodnow cabled to the
State Department to-day the depressing information that the
''final attack" on the legations had been arranged for July 7
This statement was made public at the State Department rela
tive to the contents of Mr. Goodnow's message.
Minister Wu is extremely anxious for the allied troops to
start for Peking. ' For several weeks past he has been urging
upon this Government and representatives of other powers to
have the allies commence their march on the capital. Mad
prompt action been taken he is satisfied that the Ministers by
now would be safe. The Minister docs not like to openly criti
cize the foreign governments, but he thinks if they would go as
quickly as possibly to the assistance of the imperial government
in Peking it would be much more sensible than to prolong the
discussion which has been in progress. The Minister also be
lieves that the troops now at Taku and Tientsin are sufficient to
force their way to the capital and occupy it. While he is pre
serving a hopeful demeanor, he is as much in the dark regard
ing the true situation of affairs in Peking as are the officials. He
apparently cannot fully rely upon the information contained in
the dispatches he receives,. though he persists in placing reliance
upon the imperial 'edict which he presented to the State Depart
ment on Wednesdav.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLIXGTOX HOTEL,
WASHINGTON. July 13.— While Wu Ting Fang, the
Chinese Minister, is making a determined effort to forward
to Minister Conger the cipher dispatch handed to him by Sec
retary Hay, news was received here to-day which indicates that
the Chinese are entering upon the final stages of preparing the
CHICAGO, July 14.— A special to the Record from St. Petersburg, July 11, via Paris, July
13, says: The Czar has received with great emotion the dreadful details of the catastro
phe at Peking in a cablegram from. Admiral Alexyeff at Port Arthur, confirming the horrible
details of the assassination-ofM.de Giers, the Russian envoy. He was dragged through
the streets by Boxers, insulted, beaten, tortured, thrown into a kettle and boiled to death. The
remains were thrown to the dogs..
iVime. de Giers suffered a fate worse;than death. She was beaten and tortured with
sharp sticks until life was extinct. The legation officials were tortured fiendishly until death
ended their sufferings. M. de Giers and the legation officials resisted desperately and killed
many of the attacking mob.
In the midst of the tortures the envoy is said to have heroically proclaimed his faith in
Christianity. He was encouraged by his wife, who so soon shared his martyrdom.
The announcement of this intelligence to the relatives of the Russian martyrs in China
was accompanied by heartrending scenes. Count Lamsdorf received the friends of the mur
dered ones at the Foreign Office and unfolded the tragic story:
. The scenes of frenzied terror and grief that followed were unspeakable. The building
of the Foreign Office was besieged by an excited throng and the whole of St. Petersburg was
full of lamentation. Immediately upon the receipt of Admiral Alexyeff' s dispatch the Czar
ordered the Cabinet and Council of State to go into session.
From St. Petersburg Comes a Story
of the Terrible Torture and Death
of Baron de Giers and His Wife,
and the Brave Fighters Who
Defended Them.
LOXDOX, July 14. 5 a. m. — The Tientsin correspondent
of the Express, telegraphing" under date of July 9. asserts
that the Chinese are daily driving in the allies. They have
mounted, says the correspondent, twelve fresh guns in advan
tageous positions, with which they are sweeping the streets of
the foreign settlement, the incessant fire rendering position after
position quite untenable. The Daily Mail's St. Petersburg cor
respondent says that in the last six hours' battle outside of
Tientsin the Cossacks captured six Krupp guns and killed num
bers of fleeing Boxers. The Chinese lost 3000 killed, including
General Kek.
LI HQNG CHANG REMAINS AT CANTON.
The scanty cable dispatches received yesterday add noth
ing to the knowledge in London of the Chinese situation. It is"
stated positively from Canton that Li Hung Chang will remain
there until the allied troops have defeated Prince Tuan's forces,
and will then go north to lend his powerful aid in arranging
terms of peace, co-operating with Prince Ching, Yung Lu and
the other pro-foreign Viceroys. For the present Li Hung Chang
considers that he can best control and direct the Viceroys from
Canton, and also keep in check the turbulent province of
Kwangtung.
All the foreigners and missionaries have evacuated Wen
chau and have arrived at Xingpo. Large bodies of Boxers
appeared at Wenchau and threatened to exterminate the for
eigners and Christians. They also distributed banners, badges
and inflammatory anti-foreign appeals.
DEFEAT OF THE REBELS NEAR PEKING.
BRUSSELS, July 13. — M. de Fabreau, Minister of For
eign Affairs, has received a telegram from M. de Carther Meis
senne. Minister of the Belgian legation at Peking, dated Shang
hai, stating, on the authority of a Chinese source, that troops
faithful to General Xieh had defeated the rebels near Peking.
and they recognized the authority of Prince Ching- and General
Lu, who strove to defend the Europeans.
In a Recent Six Hours' Fight Cossacks Cap
ture Six Krupp Guns, and the Celestials
Lose 3000 Men— No Tidings From Peking
and the Most Gloomy Views Prevail.
Besieging Mongols Sweeping
the Streets of the Foreign
Settlement With an In
cessant Fire.
SLAUGHTER OF THE RUSSIAN
LEGATION OFFICIALS REPORTED
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVI1I— NO. 44.
PRICE FI^E CE^TS.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Htr
alrt. CopyrlKht, 1300,. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
SHANGHAI, July 13.— Wenchau has
WENCHAU EVACUATED
BY THE FOREIGNERS
SHANGHAI. Thursday, July 12.— The
foreign Consuls are offering large sums
for the production of the letter which a
Chinese merchant is said to have received
from Peking dated June 30, saying the
legations were demolished and that the
foreigners had been killed. The merchant
declines to show it, alleging that he fears
punishment from the Chinese officials.
Rioting is reported to have occurred at
Ningpo, but no confirmation of the re
ports have been received, j
LARGE SUMS OFFERED
FOR A PEKING LETTER
OTU TING FANG. CHINESE MINISTER AT WASHINGTON, AND
SHE5TO TAJEX, DIRECTOR GENERAL OF CHINESE RAILROADS
AND TELEGRAPHS. THROUGH WHOM HE EXPECTS TO HAVE SEC-
E1ETABY HAY'S CIPHER MESSAGE CONVEYED TO MINISTER CON
NER AT PEKING.
Chinese and that all Russians must per
manently leave Manchuria. The engineers
protested and requests that the Governor
ask for assistance of the Russians at Port
Arthur to annihilate the Boxers did not
avail and the Chinese troops continued to
mass until the rising: culminated in the
murders and attacks on the railroad and
towns, already reported.
DEMA2JDS COMMUNICATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.POWERS PREDICTED \:£
DEATH Of GOEBEL
Colonel Campbell's Testimony in the
Trial of the Kentucky
Suspect.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. July 13.— The Jury
was completed this morning in the case of
Caleb Powers, former Secretary of State,
charged with complicity In the Goebel
shooting. The first evidence was heard
tl rolone e i n Campbell. in stating the case
for the prosecution, reviewed the political
events of last fall. Caleb Powers, he al
lesred was the most aggressive among
those' who sought to settle the guberna
torial contest by violence and to him
l-ireely was due Jhe Importation of moun
tain "feudists" to Frankfort. He claimed
that it would be put into evidence that on
January 28 Mr. Powers made use of a
statement that "Mr. Goebel has not as
many days to live as I have fingers on my
D Meado Woodson. ex-City Engineer of
Fra'nkfort who made the measurements
bv which the prosecution will attempt to
n ; ove that the Phot was flred from Pow
ers' office, was the first witness placed on
the stand.
INDIANS SUFFEBING.
Cattle Bapidly Dying and Then Is
but Little Grain Left.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 13.— The pro
longed drouth, probably unprecedented in
the history of this portion of Arizona, has
ereatly augmented the sufferings of the
famine-stricken Pima Indians on the Sa
ca reservation. Members of the tribe In
this city to-day told Superintendent Cow
an of the Indian scfrool that their cat
tle are dying so rapidly from starvation
and thirst that they have difficulty in
hauling them away fast enough.
A few of them still have a little grain
left, but most of them now depend on
the few who still have provisions and the
supply cannot last. long. They are ema
ciated and suffering, and unless the $33,000
Congressional appropriation can be put
into use at once private subscriptions or
similar measures must be taken.
up between China and various parts of the
United States.
This rapid and vicious onslaught. Indiscrim
inately made by the mobs of certain districts
of North China upon the Western peoples, must
for the moment stultify and •taggerUrade with
those particular localities; but in the turmoil
it ls comforting to know that the Imperial
Government has at all times been earnest In
its desire to suppress the assailants, has
shown utterly no sympathy with the mob, lt«
views and its purposes, and will undoubtedly
when order is again restored punish the of
fenders with the severity which is their due.
The Government of China, as much as it
may be misrepresented in the West, ls favor
able to progress and Is desirous or • extending
throughout the empire the light of Western
knowledge and of adopting and applying to the
industrial and strategic advantages of the
country those marvelous benefits which West- '
em thought has wrested from nature and
brought under the control of man.
That this development must go. on, that
neither Boxers' revolt, mob violence nor recogni
tion by high and misguided officials can swerve
or crush it down, ls a truth recognizable upon
an Instant's reflection. Thoso stupendous
potentialities, resident within the vast breadth
of China, must be released to the uses;, and
benefits of the world. China must take the
station which her great Innate power entitles
her to hold among the nations.
The true value of China to the world is not
CHINESE Consul General Ho Yow
has addressed a communication to
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, In which he expresses the
greatest concern and regret for the actions
of the lawless and riotous element in the
Celestial empire. The Consul General la
a member of the Chamber. As a repre
sentative of China he ranks here only
second to Chinese Minister Wu Ting Fang,
stationed in Washington. Ho Yow is
anxious to have the American citizens
view the troubles in China as not em
anating from the imperial Government,
but from fanatical factions. Particularly
does he deplore the breaking up of com
mercial relations between* his country and
this. Some time ago Ho Yow undertook
to form a combination with the commer
cial people of the United States, whereby
those in the scheme in this country/would
reap a golden harvest by having a monop
oly of China's trade through valuable con
cessions from the Chinese Government.
The Consul General's letter is as followa:
SAX FRANCISCO. July 12, 1900.— To the Hon
orable President and Members of the Chamber
of Commerce, San Francisco— Gentlemen: As
a member of your body and a» a representative
of the imperial Government of China I beg to
express to you and through you to the Lmsiners
people of San Francisco generally who may
have friends or interests in China imperiled
by the prevailing conditions there my most
profound sympathy for them and their friends
in the disturbed districts. Happening as this
occurrence has at a time when the United
i States showed itself to be recovering from
past reverses in the trade of China ami when
the future was big with promise for an im
mense business between this coast and China,
it is exceedingly unfortunate that these con
ditions of growing favorableness should be In
any way menaced by anything transpiring in
Our great effort ha» been to get the Amer
ican people, and especially the people of the
city of San Francisco, to realiae .what it must
mean to have a considerable share of the
trade of a nation of more than 400,000,000 of
people who are proverbially models of industry
and of high commercial honor, and who are
business men from instinct. I had believed
that my efforts through the business people of
San Francisco had begun to arou»e some at
tention to the great opportunities lying yonder
for them, and It was with exceeding gratifica
tion that I perceived a great trade springing
to afford a field for land sequestration by mili
tary exploiters anxious to Install branches of
their Governments In Asia, but It ls a vast
womb of production whose potentialities must
be reflected upon the world in the form of trade.
It is by sending its goods abroad in exchange
for the goods of the nations that China ls to be
of service to the people of the earth.
Through the grand medium of exchange of
the products of labor for the products of labor
must accrue the real benefits which one nation
can be to another nation and to all nation?,
and the people who are highest endowed in
their ability to nut forth the best and most
! desirable products and who have thereby the
largest capacity for the taking of products to
other nations is the nation chief among the
Integrals of the world. This nation to-day I
regard as the United States. And I say
fronting as It does across the most magnificent
sheet of water upon the globe, the country
perhaps the richest in material resources, of
most continuous and unbroken •territorial do
main and of a distinctly radical population,
greatest in multitude of any perhaps of the
world under one government, that in the
presence of such conditions the United States
should reap the very highest advantage from
the Incomputable potential possibilities in
China.
Let not our minds be diverted from the great
scheme of commercial acquisition and exchange
by any acts which Ignorant mobs may commit
in any part of China. That which concerns us
here ia the commerce of what is practlcally
the Orient. No band of robberies, of maraud
ers, of anti-Caucasians or of fanatics should
swerve us In this creat project. We are deal
ing not with the moment, but with the ages.
We are dealing not with units, but with popu
lations.
San Francisco should and by your help will be
the commercial entrepot of this coast, and
as our Government and the influence which
attend It is and will hereafter be alert to sup
press anti-Caucasian bias, so must you here re
sift, discountenance and denounce all antl-
Monogolian prejudice and feeling in order that
amity and comity may prevail which in a con
dition absolutely necessary to precede and abide
with any volume of trade between people what
soever.
It ia my devoted hope that when the atmos
phere of North China ls again cleared It
shall be found that no Injuries have been In
flicted uron American citizens and that no
harm has befallen any of your friends or the
interests in which you or they are engaged.
HO YOW.
Imperial Consul General.
ST. LOUIS. July 13.— Ten detectives en
paged this morning in a thrilling street
light with John Nelson, alleged to be one
of the gang that robbed the Illinois Cen
tral express car of $10,000. near Wickcliffe,
Ky.. early Wednesday morning. In the
battle, which began in the house at SCob
Finney avenue, and extended to the Van
de Venter station, forty shots were ex
changed. Nelson was badly wounded, but
escaped.
General Special Agent George Murray,
chief «if the Illinois Central Railway de
tective bureau, was shot by the fugitive,
and is in a hospital, with his left thumb
shattered and a ragged pistol wound
ranging through his leit arm from the el
bow to the shoulder.
Charles W. Barnes, alleged to be a
member of the gang, was quietly over
lowered at C300 West Belle place, at 3
o*dock this morning, and is now in jail.
A decoy note, sent by the detectives,
opened the fight with Nelson. At 3:30
u clock a messenger boy awoke Nelson
and his wife at 3«i>S Finney avenue. The
•hole told Nelson that Mrs. Barnes, wife
of his allegr-d partner in crime, had been
taken suddenly ill. and requested him to
come over to the Barnes residence.
Leaves a Trail of Blood.
Nelson fell into the trap. Tho detectives
were lying in wait at the front and rear
of the* house. Nelson appeared at tho
Iront door. He discovered the officers and
«larted back into the house. A moment
later Chief of Detectives Smith .beheld
Nelson at the first story rear window with
a revolver. Nolson jumped into the yard
and ran through the gate into Finney
avenue, whore lietectlve Murray and sev
eral men opened on him with revolver?.
NelfOD wps wounded, but continued to
ward the railway yards at Van de Venter
station, where he disappeared. Drops of
biood showed that he was badly hurt.
Barnes, who was arrested at 3 a. m..
was taken by surprise and made no re
sistance. He was decoyed from his house
by a' false telegram. At police head
quarters he was searched. It was found
that he carried a revolver of heavy
caliber, a large pair of Held classes in a
case -carried over the shou.'iers by a
strap, and a small hand reticule, much
worn and containing a photograph of hfm
peif, his wife and child. Eighty-five dol
lars In currency, which was damp, as
though it had been exposed to water, and
33 lti silver were taken from a small black
wallr-l.
After a searching examination by Chief
Desmond, names asked what terms would
be made with him if ho told all he knew.
The Chief placed the suspected robber in
the lioinover after telling him that he
would think it over.
San Franciscan Implicated.
During the afternoon Barnes confessed
tWat he. tocetber with John Nelson and a
man nanud Doyle, alias Connelly, com
mitted the train robbery. According to
The police, he paid the plot was con
cocted in St. Ix>uis. Doyle came from
San Francisco four months ago. Barnes
did not account for the three ad
dltiona! men. According to railway
men, there were six in the gang. Accord
ing to the detectives. Barnes and Nelson
escaped from 'Kentucky, took a eatboat
on the river near Cairo and were making
their way up the stream. It was learned
that the men deserted the boat at St.
Genevieve and boarded the Iron Moun
tain train for St. Louis, arriving in the
Succeeds in Making Sis Escape After
Disabling One of the Attack
ing Officers With a
Bullet.
Bandit Wounded in a Thrill
ing Street Fight at
St. Louis.
DETECTIVES IN
A BUTTLE WITH
TRAIN ROBBERS
city some time Thursday night. The cat
boat was found on the river bank. Chief
Desmond held his discovery to be an im
portant one, since the money in the pos
session of Barnes had been saturated with
water.
ine telegram and note which led to the
capture ol Barnes and the wounding of
Nelson were sent naphazard. The detec
tives had learned tnat the two men lived
in the vicinity, but were not sure of the
numbers. Fortunately the right houses
were selected in each instance. The ofn
cers are confident of running Nelson
down.
Confession of Barnes.
Barnes" confession* this afternoon was
made voluntarily, but later, when he had
seen a lawyer, he declared that the state
ments he had made were made solely to
secure the release of his wife, and that
his replies were dictated and suggested
to him. His confession brtelly Is as fol
lows:
"I am 32 years old and am a grocer's
clerk. I have been working latterly as a
salesman for the Earl Fruit Company of
Redlands. Cal. Mike £>oyle, Nelson and
myself conspired to rob the Illinois Cen
tral train. 1 only know Doyle slightly. I
never spoke a dozen words to him. Nel
son sent to California for him, asking him
to come and help rob the train. I met
Doyle at the Union station July 5, alone.
Nelson told me of his plans; Doyle was
not present them, but I met him later.
Xelson never let me out of his sight
after he revealed his plans to me. I
don't know where Nelson got his in
formation as to how much money would
be aboard the train. We had a skiff and
rowed down to a point about two and a
half miles from where the robbery took
place. Each of us had two revolvers. We
had a shotgun, too, but did not use It, and
left it on the river bank.
"Doyle nagged the train. I only stood
guard at the engine, covering the fireman
and engineer. Doyle is the one who
struck the fireman. Doyle and Nelson
went to the express car and made the
messenger open the safe. 1 don't know
who shot at the messenger. There were
about twenty or thirty shots fired, just
to intimidate the crew and passengers. I
fired several shots myself into the air.
When we srot. the money we got on the
engine and ran down about three miles.
Nelson ran the engine and Doyle fired
it. Then we got off and went down to the
riv«r and eot In the boat and divided the
money. I do not know how much we got,
but I guess there was not more than $800.
I got about $100. Doyle left us at Cairo
and we came on to St. Genevieve and
surrendered. I got home Thursday morn
ing and Nelson, got. home Thursday night.
I and my wife met him at Forest Park,
and we came back to town together."
Ho Yow Regrets the Reign of Bloodshed in
the Celestial Empire and Makes a Plea for
His Government and the Building of Com
merce Between This Country and the Orient.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLIAMS, Ariz., July 13.— Chris John
son, the noted scout, gambler and all
round picturesque character, met a
tragic death to-day at Klngman. John
son was out riding about 5 in the after
noon when his horse became suddenly
frightened, leaping away from him.
breaking the reins and hurling him to
the ground, breaking his neck.
"Dutch Chris, the Dane." as he was
familiarly known, was about 55 years of
age and had been prominent in the West
for the past twenty-nve years as a sport
ing and mining man. Chris played in
many of the greatest poker games that
ever took place on the Pacific Slope, win
ning heavily at times. He was always
known as a plunger and was generally
Johnson made many of his biggest win
nings in San Francisco, where he played
with "Lucky" Baldwin and others well
known in sporting life. At one time
Johnson was the possessor of a large for
tune, which easily slipped away from
him. the most of it being given to
For some years past Chris has been en
gaged in mining in Arizona, having at his
death many of the richest prospects in
Chloride and Kingman. Few men had the
wide circle of friends that Johnson had
and few men have been so widely known
ln He 9 was U a a big- n h e earted man that, with
all his seemingly misspent life, did a
great deal of good in countless ways. His
death is received with profound sorrow
throughout the entire sporting fraternity.
Was at One Time One of the Best
Known Gamblers on the Slope
and Won and Lost a
Fortune.
Thrown From His Horse
While Riding Near King
man, Arizona.
CHRIS JOHNSON
AFAMOUS SPORT
KILLED BY A FALL
ERNEST GRAVES DIES
IN SAN LUIS OBISPO
Was Well Known Throughout the
State as a Criminal
Lawyer.
SAX LUIS OBISPO. July 13.-Attorney
Ernest Graves died this morning at hia
home here after an Illness of two weeks.
Deceased was 4S years old, and for 21
years has been the most prominent lawyer
in this county. He was a son of Superior
Judge "William J. Graves. He was born
here in 1S52 and has lived here ever since.
He haa been connected with the most
important cases in the county. His rep
utation was that of a. successful criminal
lawyer throushout the State. His consti
tution, ever vigorous and robust, broke
down two years ago after a severe attack
of pneumonia. From that time until his
death he has been growing constantly
weaker.
For two term? from 1S79 to 1R53 he was
District Attorney of San Luis Obispo
County and since retiring from that office
has been the acknowledged leader of the
San Luis Obispo bar.
The local bar association thi3 afternoon
passed resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the deceased attorney. Flags
throughout the city are at half mast in
His memory.
Mrs. Mary Tutt Perry-Eyre.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyricht. 1D0O, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS. July 13— Mrs. Mary Tutt Perry.
widow of Colonel E. E. Eyre, for many
years a resident of San Francisco, died in
Paris yesterday after an illness of two
months She was a daughter of Calvin
Luther Perry of Charlottesville, Va.
L. B. Churchill.
SACRAMENTO. July 13.-L. B. Churchill
died Jn the County Hospital to-day from
a shock caused by a fracture of the left
thigh sustained by a fall from hia bed
last night, lie was a native of New York
aged 82 years.
Although Badly Handicapped, Fire-
SPERRY FLOUR MILLS
DAP/IAGED BY FIRE
men Save a Large Portion of
the Plant
x FRESNO. July 13.— Fire broke out at
about 10 o'clock thia morning In the
machine room of the Sperry Flour Mill*,
bursting eventually through the roof and
making a great blaze which was not
under control before the hour of noon
In 1893 the mill was destroyed by fire
Better fortune attended this flre, for the
stock warehouse, offices and storage
rooms were saved, the loss beins mainlv
to the machinery, and estimated to exceed.
The flre started from a hot box In the
cleaning room. The Fire Department was
handicapped both by reason of slowness
In bringing out apparatus not in commis
sion and by reason of the height of the"
building, making it impossible for a time
to throw water on the blaze. Hose was
dra&ped Into the building and the names
eventually overcome.
Accused of Starting a Fire.
ANGELS CAMP, Jvly 13.-Mrs. M. Reed
was arrested on a charge of misdemeanor
and taken to the County Jail at San An
dreas yesterday. The crime with which
she is charjred is that of setting flre to
the grass on the ranch of David Marsoni
near Vallecito, this county, on the 7th
Inst.. destroying pasture, wood and doing
other damage. Marsoni swore to the
complaint.
CHINESE CONSUL GENERAL
WOULD INCREASE TRADE
Francisco in the early part of 1896 and
as a result of their finding was sentenced
to suspension on half pay for an indefinite
period.
He was recalled to duty and assigned to
the command of the McCulloch in May
last and in her sailed on the 2Sth of that
month from Seattle for the north. His
friends had great hopes that he would
more than redeem the past, and the un
fortunate termination of his service is a
great disappointment to them, of whom
he had many, especially among the mtn
who had served under him.
WASHINGTON. - July 13.— General
Grosvenor of Ohio, while talking' to-dny
of the political situation, said the plans
of the campaign will be formed at once
and preliminary skirmishing will be car
ried on all along the line. The real fight
ing will come later on, when tho weather
is a little cooler and the rival leaders have
organized their forces. He says the situa
tion in Ohio and other Western States is
entirely satisfactory for the Republicans,
but in some places there are indications
of overconfldenee as to results, and at
other points there are disturbing signs of
internal dissensions over local issues.
Tarpey Visits Bryan.
LINCOLN. July 13. — Congressman J. J.
Lentz and K. C. Phllbury of Columbus, O.,
were with Mr. Bryan a few hours this
afternoon, leaving for the East to-nigtt.
Congressman Lontz is anxious to have tne
Democratic headquarters removed from
Chicago to Columbus and that, it is be
lieved, was his principal mission. Mr.
Bryan would not discuss the matter after
his visitors had left. Democratic National
Committeeman Tarpey of California was
another visitor to-day.
Croker and Hill Accept.
NEW YORK. July 13. — Mayor James A.
Maguire of Syracuse, who is managing the
Bryan campaign in this State, was in con
ference to-day with Richard Croker and
ex-Senator Edward Murphy. Mr. Croker
was invited to serve as 1 , a member of the
State Executive Committee, and accepted.
David B. Hill. Hugh McLauphlin and ex-
Senator Murphy have accepted. The other
members of tho executive committee prob
ably will be selected next week from the
members of the State Committee.
Nebraska Prohibitionists.
LINCOLN. July 13.=*The Prohibition
State Convention adjourned to-day after
Dominating the following ticket: Gov
ernor, L. O. Jones. Lincoln: Lieutenant
Governor. Charles P. I.awson. Santee
Agency: Secretary of State. D. L. Whit
ney. Beatrice; Treasurer." O. C. Crowell,
Blair; Land Commissioner. Erastus Hick
man. Seward; Auditor. Wilson Brody,
Holt County: Attorney General. D. M.
Strong. North Bend: Superintendent of
Schools, Barttey Blair, Page.
Ratification at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. July 13.— The Democrats
held a big ratification meeting at the
Atheneum, celebrating the nomination of
Bryan and Stevenson. W. F. Cowan
tailed the meeting: to order. State Sena
tor Sims presided. Former Judge Robert
Ferral of San Francisco made the princi
pal address. A. B. Ware. D. R. Gale, A.
D. Laughlin and others also spoke.
calf. Two resolutions were passed,
amid much enthusiasm, unanimously in
dorsing the candidacy of Victor H. Metcalf
¦for Congressman in the Third District
and the nomination of J. J. Luchsinger
for State Senator and Aldon Anderson for
the Assembly.
WARNING AGAINST
OVERCONFIDENCE
CLEVELAND. Ohio, July 13.— In the
c&lce of Senator Hanna to-day the Re
publican national executive committee
¦was selected as follows:
M. A. Henna. Cleveland, chairman.
Hon. Henry C. Payne, Milwaukee, Wip., vice
chairman.
Hen IVrry £=. Heath. Muneie. Ind., secre
tary.
Hon. Cornelius N. nils?. New York, treas
urer.
Hin. Grartr.? Stewart. Chicago.
Hon. Richard C Kerens. St. K-iuie, Mo.
Hnn. Joseph H. Slangy. Au^ufU. Me.
Senator N. B. 8<-nH. Wheeling \V. Va.
Hon. Frederick s. Gfbta, New York.
Hon. Franklin Murphy. Kll.eron. X. J.
Hon. Harry S. NVw. irv'.lsr.ai'OllP. Ind
With the except ion of Joseph H. Manloy
end Franklin Murphy, all the members
of the committee were at the meeting.
The two sessions of the committee to-day
were devotod entirely to mapping- out a
plan of campaign. The selection of an
advisory committee, such as aided the
exerutlve committee of 1S93, was
thoroughly considered. Senator Hannu
eaid thai an advisory committee would be
composed of about twelve members se-
Jected from headquarters where there are
likely to be close contests between the
KepiiMieans and Democrats.
The campaign work, as In IS!*;, will be
carried <>n from the headquarters in New
York and Chicago. The following mem
bers of the new committee will be located
at the New York headquarters: forneiiur-
X. Bli^s. Joseph H. Manley, Senator X.
B. Scott. Frederick S. Gibbs and Franklin
Murphy. Graeme Stewart, Henry C.
I'ayne. R. C. Kerens and Harry S. New
¦will be at the CblCMTO headquarters. Sen
ator Hanna wiil lie at the Now York head
quartcrs continually from the latter part
of this month until September 1. after
•which time ho wiil divide his time be
tween Now York and Chicago.
SOLANO BEPUELICANS MEET.
The resignation of General Dick as sec
retary nrai accepted nnd Perry S. Heath.
First Assistant Postmaster General, was
Immediately unanimously elected to suc
ceed Colonel Dick. Myron T. Htrrick of
<.'!evclar!d was chosen for the vacancy on
the national committee caused by the
usignation of George B. Cox of Cincin
nati.
Delegates Appointed to the State and
County Conventions.
Sl'ISl'N. July 13.— The Republican
County Central Committee of So'ano
County mot in Suisun to-day. Among the
business transacted was the appointment
of delegates to the Congressional . State
and county conventions. For the first
convention Solar.o is entitled to fifteen
delegates. thr<>c from each of the five Su
jif-rvisorial districts. It was decided that
the commitTcomen in each township rec
ommend name? for delegates and submit
the same to the secretary on or before
July 2L For the State convention the
county is entitled to thirteen delegates.
The apportionment was two delegates
«;i<h to the rive Supervisorial districts
and three delegates at large, viz.: H. F.
Stahl, Vallejn; J. F. Brown. Maine
Prairie: and E. P. EUlborn. Suisun.
The basis of the Republican vote last
election gave fifty-two delegates, which
were apportioned to the different pre
cincts. AH the delegates to the Congres
sional convention were pledged for Met-
Special Dispatch to The CaU -
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July 13.—
Captain Michael Healy of the United
States revenue cutter service, in
command of the handsome cutter
Hugh McCulloch, was brought here
this morning in that vessel from the
north hopelessly Insane and dangerous to
himself and those with whom he comes in
contact. He is in the Marine Hospital
here now in a straitjacket, having be
come so violent this afternoon that this
was the only means of restraining him.
The unfortunate man has in the past two
weeks made three unsuccessful attempts
on his own life, once by cutting deep into
his arm and twice by attempting to leap
overboard from the vessel, on which he
changed places from commander to that
of a prisoner, whose every act was closely
watched by a detail of two men from the
crew stationed in his stateroom to prevent
him doing himself injury.
The first evidence of Captain Healy's de
mentia was shown in Dutch Harbor, when
he gashed his left arm with a sharp knife
and had nearly bled to death before being
discovered by the Japanese cabin boy.
Prompt work by the surgeon saved him
from bleeding to death.
A few days Liter lie was caught on the
rail of the steamer, just ready tf> plunge
into the sea, by one of the junior of
ficers, and it required . the herculean
strength of this youns fellow to prevent
him from accomplishing his purpose. The.
surgeon of the hospital has 'grave doubts
that the sick man will ever recover M3
faculties.
Captain Michael Healy is 63 years of age
and has followed the sea ever since his
sixteenth year.
He entered the service of the United
States Government in March. 1S65, and
continued on active duty therein ever
since, except for an Interim of four years,
from June. 1SD6. to' May. 1900. during which
he was suspended on half pay.
Soon after the purchase of Alaska by
the United States Captain Healy was put
in charge of one of the United States rev-,
enue cutters for duty along that coast
and spent every season until 1S% In the
far north. He was esteemed one of the
best ice navigators in the service and for.
that reason was generally sent to the far
north— Point Barrow and beyond— when
other vessels were held south of Bering
Strait.
It was in the performance of this ardu
ous duty, it Is said, that he contracted
the habit of drink that brought about his
suspension. On the return of the Bear
from the Arctic, in November, 1S95. some
of his subordinate officers preferred
charges of drunkenness and conduct un
becoming an officer against him. He was
tried by a court-martial sitting in San
Makes Three Unsuccessful Attempts to End His Life
on tne Cutter McCullocli,: Which He
Commanded,
CAPTAIN MICHAEL HEAEY
BECOMES VIOLENTLY INSANE
Will Direct the Fight for McKinley and Roose
velt Prom Headquarters in New
York and Chicago.
Republican Executive Committee
Named at a Meeting of
Party Leaders.
GIVEN CHARGE OF
CAMPAIGN WORK
the Boers. A major of the Scots Grey*
was then taken prisoner, but escaped.
Men continue to come into Pretoria- Tha
Boers looted Schuman's farm before re
tiring.
"The enemy reappeared this morning
upon kopjes to the northeast of Dorde
poort. ten miles out. Our guna opened
tiro and several companies of the War
wickshire regiment and part of Dickson's
Cavalry attacked. Action at long rang©
proceeded for hours. Infantry* was also
engaged in the fighting, which continues
at this hour.
"General French and Colonel Mahon,
v:ith General Hutton, had a skirmish yes
terday at Kietfontein. driving the Boers
from the hills t*> the south and frustrating
attempts to cut the railway."
''Bobs' " Oppressive Silence.
Lord Roberts has sent nothing further
concerning the Nitrals Nek affair. Pre
toria dispatches, however, show that tha
Lincolnshire* lost half their officers, in
cluding Colonel Roberts, who was wound
ed and taken prisoner. Stragglers con
tinue to arrive :it the camp, but few fur
ther details can bo gathered. Th*- British
fought stubbornly until nightfall, when
the- cavalry turned their horses loose.
The Beer report of the engagement
places the British casualties at over 2t».
In the r>ordepoort affair mentioned in
Lord Roberts' dispatch the men in the
front rank of the Boers wore khaki uni
forms and h?lmets. and the c!ragoon3
passed them unsuspectingly, under the im
pression that they were hussars. The mis
take was not discovered until the Boers
opened a heavy firf. when the dragoor.3
were within 400 yards.
British prisoners who have escaped t-->
Kroonstaflt report that Genera! Dewet's
force of 10CO men, with ten guns, expelled
from Bethlehem by General Clements and
<3eneral Paget. has taken up a strong po
sition fifteen miles to the southward. In
the hills around Reteif Nek. President
Steyn is* reported to be with them.
Another case of the Boers wearing khaki
is reported to have occurred at Lindley on
June 26. when they surprised a picket of
twenty-five men of the Yorkshire Light
Infantry, eighteen of whom were killed or
wounded.
WITTPOORT. Transvaal. July 13. — Gen
eral Clery's column, which has moved
easterly, is now camped here. During the
march the mounted infantry engaged 200
Boers, shelling a ridge occupied by tho
burghers.
It is expected that this movement ¦will
clear the country from Standerton to
Heidelberg, as the troops found but ono
remaining laager, from which the Boers
hurriedly retired.
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 190O, by New York
Herald Company. Eepublication of this dispatch is prohibited. All
rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
Three Companies of the Lincolns and a Squad
ron of the Scots Greys Captured
by Boers.
LONDON. July 14.-The Daily Tele
graph publishes the following dispatch
from Its correspondent. Bennet Burlelgh:
"PRETORIA, July 12.— Yesterday's fight
ing of a somewhat serious character, be- (
lieved to be part of a Boer plan, was an
attempted attack on the outskirts of Pre
toria. Three commandos— those of De
larey, Erasmus and Mlwcrs— with six
guns during the previous night took up
positions facing the lesser kopjes five
miles north of Wonderboom Range, but
extending to Zwartkoppies. At daybreak
yesterday Squadron C of the Seventh
Dragoon Guards advanced from the regl
menfs cair«p near Doornpoort on a scout
ing expedition. The regiment had a long
line to watch. Cholmlys troop was lead
ing when, three miles away, nearing a
farm, they saw a score of khakl-clad and |
helmeted men. One showed a white flag,
which he afterward dropped. This be
came the enemy's signal tor a fusillade at
a range of from liw to 200 yards on the
front, rear and flanks of tne dragoons,
who had supposed the enemy to be the
Fourteenth Hussars.
"Horses and men fell, but Cholmiy,
though suffering from two fresh wounds
and with his clothes and saddle riddled
with bullets and his horse hit. made a de
tour and. halting his men and tiring, re
gained the outpost with eight troopers,
the rest of the squadron assisting Lieu
tenant Church, who also was wounded.
From their camp the dragoons advanced,
and two guns shelled the Boers, checking
th<m: but later, owing to an action break
ing out farther west, the whole of the out
post line retired to tije main range.
British Forced to Yield.
"It seems that while the drago- ns' fight
was proceeding th*> Boers att .eked the
outposts to the westward, held jy the Lin
coln Regiment, the Scots (Jreys and an
other with a battery of two guns. Tho
enemy finding good cover behind rocks
and a"mid the thick brush surrounded and
overwhelmed three companies of the Lin- ;
coins and a squadron of the Scots Greys.
who strove to save the guns. Owing to
the terrific Mauser fire the task became
impossible and the cannon were both lost. ,
Colonel Roberts of the Lincolnshire Regl- !
ment was wounded in the arms.
"The force surrendered only when cut
off and it was found that the guns could
not be brought back. Some horst-s of the
Scots Greys sot lost and escaped into
town. Detachments of men fought on un
til night, when they escaped. Reinforce
ments arrived after 4 o'clock In the after
noon, but it was then too late to attack
Heavy Losses Sustained in the
Affair on the Outskirts of
Pretoria.
BRITISH WALKED
INTO AN AMBUSH
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, SATURDAY, JJJLTXj 14 % 1900.
EDITH M. VAN BUREN
BECOMES A BARONESS
Adventurous Heiress Who Camped
Out in Dawson Marries a
/' Title.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 13.-"Miss Edith M.
Van Buren was married in London on
July 7 to Baron Vesichio de Castleme
nardo."
w! h J?i an £? UI V ce . I ? en . t a PP, ear s in to-day's
PrJSlf Th % brlde , ls wel1 k n°wn in san
Francisco. Several years ago, accompa
nied by Mrs. Itoswell D. Hitchcock, widow
of Commodore Hitchcock of the United
States Navy, she visited the Klondike re
gion, camped out. in the Dawson tent
town, had many strange adventures, and
it was reported at the time, staked out
her own claim. Shortly after their return
to New York Miss Van Buren sailed fo?
Baroness de Castlemenardo is a great
grand niece of President Van Buren and
a niece of Mrs. William Walter Phetps
widow of the former Embassador to Ber-1
lin, and cousin of Mrs. Franz von Rotten
burg of Berlin Her father for manV
years was Lnited States Minister to
Japan. Nearly all her life has been scent
in foreign lands and she has been around
the world four times. She is a capital
rider, a gifted linguist and enjoys friend
ship with many notable' people in Europe
including King Leopold of Belgium, who
has repeatedly showered the 'fair Ameri
can with favors and attentions. The Ba
roness has always prided herself on her
strong resemblance to Marie Antoinette
About four years ago she won the prize
of honor in the carnival at Nice for her
flower decked carriage. She has a coun
try, place. at Englewood, N. J.. where
she kept a splendidly equipped stable.
JAPAN WILL AID IN
TRANSSHIPMENT OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, July 13.-The State De
partment anticipates no difficulty in ef
fecting transshipment of troops and ani
mals intended for the army in China at
the Japanese port of Nagasaki. The point
raised in some quarters that the use of
Nagasaki as a base in this fashion would
be a violation of international law, con
stituting a hostile act against China in
the absence 'of a" declaration of war. Is
declared by the officials here to be ad
solutely frivolous. As a matter of fact,
the War Department has been . freely
availing itself of Nagasaki as a point for
transshipment and a port of rest ever
since the end of the war with Spain, and
the Japanese Government, having made
no objection so for, is scarcely, likely
either to make a. protest Itself or to en
tertain one from any other nation under
present conditions.
Japanese officials here expect that Mar
shal Nodzu will accompany;; the Japanese
expedition about to sail; for China. >The
rank of marshal, probably will .be su
perior, to that of any other foreign com
mander, military or naval, in China. Un
der the Japanese system the rank of mar
shal corresponds with that of field mar
shal in the French system. As a result
of the Chino-Japanese war three marshals
were created by Japan, namely. Yama
gata, who made the remarkable march
into China from the north; Emaya Oya
ma, who entered China farther south" and
seized- Por t " Arthur; and General ) Nodzu,
who had the honor of being the first Jap-
anese officer to score an Important tri
umph on Chinese soil. Yamagata Is now
Prime Minister and Oyama is In charge or
the staff, leaving Marshal Nodzu.'as the
available one of the first distinguished
trio of soldiers. He is beyond middle age,
a sterling disciplinarian and has therep~
utation of being an impetuous fighter.
He is a strong believer in cavalry. 5
DISPATCH FBOM EMPEROR.
LONDON, July 13.— In the House of
Commons to-day, replying to questions on
the subject, the Parliamentary. Secretary
of the Foreign Office. Mr. Broderick, said
that little news had been received from
China. Her Majesty's Government, he ex
plained, had been unable to communicate
with the British naval officers in; China,
the lines between Chefu and Shanghai
having been cut. A dispatch purporting
to have been sent from the Emperor of
China to her Majesty's Government was
received yesterday, but the Secretary said
he was unable to Dromlse to make Its
contents known.
Narrowly Escaped Drowning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 13.— Captain Shelly,
an old resident of this county, who lives
near Mill Valley Junction, had a narrow
escape from drowning late this afternoon
in the creek near that place. The captain
was walking down the track when a south
bound train overtook him on aitrestle. In
the excitement of the moment Captain
Shelly plunged . from the trestle - into the
water. A strong tide was running and his
plight was serious. The train was stopped
and the crew dragged Shelly from «, the
water. He was none the worse for. his
experience.
TROUBLES OF MARCEAU
NOT YET AT AN END
Colonel's Wife Will Continue Her
Legal Fight for Possession of
Their Child.
Ppcclal r>is:iatcli to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 13.— Colonel Theodore
C. Marceau, who was arrested on Tues
day, charged with kidnaping his own
child, on n warrant issued in Ogdensburg,
N. i., and wns promptly discharged by
Judge McAdam in the Supreme Court on
a writ of habeas corpus obtained by A. II.
Hummel, hap not seen the end of his legal
dispute yet. Mr?. Marceau, accompanied
by Louis C. Boardman, a lawyer of San
I-rancireo, reached this city to-day from
Toronto. Canada, and they will seek to
obtain a writ of habeas corpus requiring
Colonel Marceau to produce the boy In the
Supreme Court bd that Mrs. Marceau may
have an opportunity to show wherein she
is entitled to his custody.
"Mrs. Maroeau is entitled to the custody
of the child," said Mr. Boardman to The
Call representative to-night, "and she will
have it awarded to her by the courts be
fore we return to San Francisco. When
Colonel Marceau went from California
wlrh the child he "Became guilty of con
tempt of court in that State. He has
been high handed in his methods of dodg
ing court orders. Mrs. Marceau was a
woman of large means— worth probably
$400,000. When she and the colonel could
not agree and it was decided to get a di
vorce, she settled a sum of money on him.
It was arranged that the child should not
be out of the State of California. There
is no doubt that before any court in the
land Mrs. Marceau will be able to prove
her right to the custody of the child."
Grass Fire Near Hooker.
RED BLUFF. July 13.— A jfrass fire
started Thursday afternoon near Hooker
from a railroad engine and burned over
3000 acres ot pasture land and considera
ble fencing. . .
CAPTAIN MICHAEL HEALY, THE NOTED VETERAN OF THE REV
ENUE CUTTER SERVICE.
2
HO TOW, CHINESE CONSUL
GENERAL AT SAN FRANCIS
CO.
Jhe Pay's £>ead
Keep Your
Biood Cool
In hot weather, and make it pure, rich
and healthy with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
which has a toning, invigorating effect on
the whole system. It creates a good ap-
petite, strengthens the nerves, overcomes
that tired feeling and braces you up to
resist the effects of the heat and the
danger of serious illness. Remember *-
Hood's SarsapaHiia
Is the Best Medicine Money Can Buy.
Hood's Pills cure constipation. Price 23 cent*.County Convention Called.
An Appeal for Aid.
SANTA CRUZ. July 13.-A bottle was
picked ni> on the beach to-day at Capitola
containing a message which caused a rip
f»le of excitement. The note read as fo!
ows: "Lydia lost. Foundered ei*ht mile*
oft Santa Cruz July 1. 1300. For God' a
saJce send help. L. D. H." It is h#tk>v»<t
the bottle was thrown into the water a3 a
Joke.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
NEW YORK. July IX— A dispatch from
Chrlstlania ar.nouncfs the serious illness of
Herrik Ibsen from erysipelas.
CHICAGO. July 13.— 0. P. Dillon was arrested
In this city early to-day charged with hein?
r.ne of tho burglars who roM>ed the American
Espr»>«a Company at Storm Lak?. Iowa, of
blank orders that could be tilled out to aggre
gate $20.'X«. . »: ; :
PITTSBURG. July 13.— The Garland Chain
Work3 at Rankin. Pa., wer-? destroj-ed by are
at 4:3>) o'clock this afternoon. Lnss IIOO.CCO. The
fire was caused by the explosion of a tank ol
chemicals, but no one was Injured.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The report that th«
annual meeting of the Western Union Tele
graph Company had been held In Jersey City
yesterday and certain directors and officers had
been elected was entirely erroneous. The meet
ing referred to was a meeting of the stockhold
ers of the American Union Telegraph Company,
whose organization Is maintained In New J«r
sey.
MARSHAL-TOWN'. Iowa. July 15.— Fear men
wer? caught in the act o( roDbing Xaaon &
"WhitehlU's general store at State Center early
to-day. A number of citizens surrounded the
buildlr.sr and a Bitched battle ensued. Ben
VChitehlll, one of the proprietors, was shot in
the Itg. One of the robbers was also wounded
and with one of his associates was capture^.
The otlver two escared.
Camera Club's Lecture.
The one hundred and twenty-second Il
lustrated lecture by the California Cam
era Club was held at the Metropolitan
Temple last nipht before a large and se
lect audience. The lecture, entitled. "Ire
land, and How I Kissed the Blarney
Stcr.e." was delivered by the Rev. Vlfre.1
Kummer. and was beautifully illustrated
with photographs taken from many of the
most interesting points of the little jrreea
Isle, and wan listened to with closte at
tention. G«^r?e Hammersmith nwde a
hit with his son^s and impersonations.
OUTBREAK OF BLANKET
INDIANS IS FEARED
I Bulletins Posted Ordering Friendly
I* Indians to Keep Away or Suffer
t the Consequence.
SOLWAY. Minn.. July 13.— Danger of an
outbreak of Blanket Indians on Red Lake
is Increasing. The Indian police from the
agency have gone over to the point where
the Blanketers are still holding their war
dance, and it is expected trouble will en-
May Lose His Eye.
Bulletins have been posted in the Chip
pewa language warning all friendly In
dians and whites to remain away from
the point or suffer the consequences.
Twenty mounted men left Solway late
last night and will proceed to the agency
and take lnstrucions from Indian Agent
Mercer. The men are all well armed and
carrv each a thousand rounds of extra
ammunition which will be distributed
among the settlers.
A petition will be sent to Governor Lind
to-morrow asking that a detachment of
State troops be sent to Red Lake at once.
The Indians keep up their war dances
and their shouts can be heard for three
miles at frequent intervals. They dis
charge their rifles in the air
It is said that a large body of the reda
from the northern part of the State has
Joined forces with the Blanketers and
small bands of Indians are joining the
main body hourly. It is estimated that
the entire force numbers over 300 at pres
ent' The squaws and papooses have been
sent- north and only the young bucks re
main at the point. The white settlers at
the point are preparing for an attack.
The Indians at the agency have assured
the whites of their support, but It is
thought that many of them are going over
to the Blanketers.
Vohing has been heard from Captain
Mercer since his departure for the Lake
and fears are entertained for his safety.
Sp*cial Dispatch to The Call..
MONTEREY. July 13.— The two-year
old son of George Lelst of Seaside, a sub-
Passing of One Who Was Troml
nently Identified With Growth
of the City.
By the death of James Monroe Goewey
yesterday at hi3 residence, comer of Pa^e
end Laguna streets. San Francisco loses
one of its oldest and most respecfd citl
?r£ S - a Y' T - S!?* w f y S? me to California in
i. and resided in San Francisco up to
the time of h:s death, with the exception
of a few years spent in Shasta Countv
He was connected with the early m'nir
industry In this State and on his arrival
in san Francisco became a broker deal-
Ing in stocks and real estate. He retired
from active business twentv years aro H->
was a member of the Society of California
Ma^n"' Racine-Union Club and the
v Mr^ Go?w *- v was a native of Albany. N.
T^a years of ace. and leaves a wifa
and five grSwn children, all of whom are
prominent In the social circles of this city
JAMES MONROE GOEWEY,
A PIONEER, IS NO MORE
ested itself yesterday, therefore, a sensa
tion was created.
The first result of the activity of th*»
Grand Jury, obtained through the work
i of Its expert in examining the records of
J the Probate Court of Judge James M.
| Troutt. is to reveal the fact that Judge
I Troutt has shown in the distribution of
his favors the grossest partiality to his
ex-partner. Martin Stevens, and to A. O.
j Colton. who occupies an office with
, Stevens. Judge Troutt has the power to
I appoint attorneys for absent and miner
I heirs and creditors. He has the power to
¦ appoint ¦whom he pleases and no one his
j a right to question the motive which
prompted his appointments. It ia at least
Interesting to know, however, that the
vast majority of these appointments were
j made by Judge Troutt to hi? ex-partner
, ar.d intimate friend. Martin Stevens.
Groat sums of money are made by these
[ attorneys for absent and minor heirs. The
i court takes an especial interest in these
| lawyers, as they are his choice to repre
j sent people whose interests might other
j wise be left unprotected. The court is
j therefore lenient in his treatment and
i genorous of his favors to them. Ten3 of
¦ thousands of dollars have been made by
; Martin Stevens from the simple fact
I that he wa« the partner and is the friend
| of Judge James M. Troutt. During the
• last few months Stevens has received
i score? of such appointments from Judge
I Troutt. Day after day he was honored [
by the court's favor in this regard. As I
already indicated, this fact bears no other
significance than an indication of gross
! favoritism.
: One instance of the favor of Judge
j Troutt in making Martin Stevens an at
i torney for absent and minor heirs is of
exceptional Interest. A short time ago
Julius Friedman, a very wealthy man.
died at the Palace Hotel. His friends
were concerned to see that In the admin
istration of his estate there should be no
extravagance and within two hours after
his death therefore they hastened to court
to see that their choice of attorney for
absent and minor heirs should be honored
by appointment by Judge Troutt. They
had no reason to believe that In that short
space of time any one but the close
friends of Friedman knew of his death.
They were astounded therefore upon ar
riving at court to learn that Martin Stev
ens had been appointed by Judge Troutt
to represent the absent and minor heirs.
It is said that the fees of Stevens in this
estate alone already amount to housands
of dollars.
But Judge Troutt has not stopped in his
favors to his ex-partner with his ap
pointments as attorney for absent and
minor heirs. Judge Troutt has gone fur
ther than this. In strores of cases he has
appointed Stevens as appraiser to deter- |
mine whether estates shall be sub- j
ject to the collateral inheritance tax. Out
of this field Stevens has also reaped a
rich harvest. While Judge Troutt has
been so exceptionally kind to Martin Ste
vens, it might be expected that he would
also be generous to the friend of Stevens.
A. O. Colton. The records show that Col
ton has received many appointments sim
ilar to those given to Stevens and has
won from them many rich fees, j These
are the facts that are interesting the
1 Grand Jury. It is perfectly apparent that
Judge Troutt has a right to appoint
whom he likes as attorneys in the cases
which may come before him. He can be
arraigned, however, at least upon, the
question of good taste in appointing so
often men so intimately associated with
him.
There is a movement on foot in the
Bar Association to investigate these and
other facts In connection with the scandal
in Judge Troutt's court. Lawyers, as well
as laymen, recognize that probate prac
tice ia the most serious of all legal prac
tice. The property of the unprotected
dead must by all hazards be guarded and
there is a disposition on the part of Home
of the leading attorneys of . the city to
C — . IKEP.E were fwo startling develop
ments yesterday in the sensational
scar;<!al which, through the ex
£> pese of The Call, has fallen upon
the probate court of Judge
Troutt. The Grand J::ry of this city, un
drr« tan ding- the enormity of the offense
v-T.!<"h wes committed In Judg^e Troutfs
court, fcas undertaken an investigation of
the entire affairs of this court. An ex
pert has been employe! to inquire thor
oughly into the ccs^s which have passed
tbroosb the court. ar.d it is expected that
hi* report w:ll soon b* rendered.
This inquiry has already proved what
The Call assorted yesterday morning.
that Judjre Troutt has displayed toward
fc;s ex-partner. Martin Stevens, end a
fr!«?r;«5 of Martin Stevens. A. O. Colton.
the grossest sort of favoritism in making
them, whenever the opportunity present
ed, the attorneys for absent heirs In the
« states of the dead. This favoritism
ibvn Itself during the entire oSicial ca
reer cf Judge James M. Troutt and has
given to Stevens a fortune.
He has had scores of cases ar.d has been
awarded by the court fees that have ag
jrrc-crated thousand? upon thousands of
dollars. Not only has he thus been fa
vored by Judse Jarne« M. Troutt. but he
has received by authority of the court
other emoluments. In scores of other
J cases, in -which he was not appointed at
torney for the absent heirs, he has been
made by the court an appraiser to deter
mine if estates are subject to the col
lateral inheritance tax of the State. As
such appraiser he has received five dollars
a day for even' day employed In his in
j vestigrations and in this field alone, small
j as It is, he has earned about one thousand
I dollars in a few months.
There have been day? when he has been
| appointed appraiser for at least three
i estates and his fees therefore have
| amounted to fifteen dollars a day. The
i significance of these proceedings lies in
! the fact that Judg-e Troutt has 'seen fit
i to favor his ex-legal partner with c-nor
! mous patronage from the Probate Court
over which his Honor presides.
The other deeply significant incident of
yesterday's proceedings in the scandal
i which The Call has exposed was the fact
j that the police authorities of this city
are doing absolutely nothing to apprehend
the other scoundrel who conspired with
Chretien to rob the estate of Joseph Sul
livan. The District Attorney's office ap
ptars to be equally listless in doing any
thing that might lead to the detection,
j arrest and prosecution of men who are as
' g-uilty as Chretien in the robbery of tne
| intestate dead.
The police and the District Attorney
j heard the sensational exposures matie in
j Judge Troutt's court. These officers know
j that the man who impersonated and rep
rtseated himself to be John Sullivan is
still at liberty. The Call has given his
name and Is ready to supply his present |
address. It is not the province of this
paper to perform the duty of the police,
who have done absolutely nothing to ap
prehend the man who committed the j
crime against the courts and the people !
of California.
Charles Latner, the loafer who repre
sented himself as an heir to an estate to
which he was not entitled and to whom
Judge Troutt awarded the property by
decree, is still at liberty. He has commit
ted, a gross crime, for which he should
euffer punishment, but the police have
done nothing to charge him with las of
fense or to bring him back to this city,
where he will be tried and punished. Even
a casual Investigation will reveal his
whereabout*, but the police have not even
done this. They have taken no means to
discover the whereabouts of Fred Han
sted. one of the othtr conspirators, who is
now in Nome, and whose conduct in the '
shameful affair is as culpaile as that of
Chretien, Latner and others. It is under
stood, however, that Lee D. Craig is to
fee prosecuted for his negligence in issuing
notarial certificates upon representations
which were not true.
John M. Chretien appeared in the Police
Court yesterday and through his attor
ney insisted that he had committed no
crime. The rascal who presented a bogus
i heir to ttie court declares that he is guilty
j of no offense, and with an audacity which
characterized his other actions demands
that he be released from custody. His de
mand was of course refused, but the pre
liminary' hearing of this case in Police
Judge A. J. Fritz's court was continued
until Monday. In the meantime Chretien
will remain In jail.
A sensation was created yesterday when
It was learned that the Grand Jury had
at last decided to take up the. whole
scandalous affair. It Is to be hoped that it
will be probed to the very bottom and
that no' one guilty of crime shall escape
¦ punishment for his acts. The people of
the entire State are interested In this
scandalous matter. Every newspaper In
California Is discussing It as a matter of
the most serious moment, for it touches
upon affairs which are closest to the peo
ple. The fact that the property of the
dead can be stolen by a decree of a court
of Justice has astounded California and on
all hands comes the demand that the mat
ter be Investigated with absolute thor
ouffhaen. Whan the Grand Jury lnter-
till 11:30. and when it was called Whiting
saJd that a continuance had been agreed
upon till Monday morning at 11 o'clock
ar.d It was so ordered.
District Attorney Byingtcn is preparing
another complaint aeainst Chretien and
it will be ready to-day.
urb of Monterey, was the victim of a very
painful and serious accident ¦while at play
in his house. He was playing- with a pair
of pointed scissors which he had got held
of without hia« mother's knowledge, and
in his play he ran one of the blades into
his rr-iht eye. It was at first believ>?»l the
eyeball had been pierced, but the physi
cians now think the wound 1? not so seri
ous ar.d hope the sight of the eye may
be saved.
CRITICAL CONDITION
OF CAPTAIN COGHLAN
Noted Naval Officer Near to Death as
the Result of an Opera
( tion.
BL00MIXGTON. Ind.. July 13. -A tele
pram has been received by relatives an
nouncing the critical illness of Captain
Coghlan. who commanded the cruiser
Raleigh in the battle cf Manila Bay. He
had an attack of pneurr.or.ia. an opera
tion was necessary and his recovery is re
ported doubtful. He is -with his wife at
Colorado Springs.
Judge Troutt, Who Has Favored Stevens With a Fortune in Fees.
THE startling expose made by The Call of the fact _that an estate of the intestate dead had been awarded by
Judge James M. Troutt to an impostor has led to an investigation by the Grand Jury of the probate affairs of
Judge Troutt. An expert has been appointed^nd is already at work upon the books. One o: the first results
of his inquiry is the sensational discover}' that Judge Troutt has appointed his ex-partner. Martin Stevens, attorney
for absent heira in scores of rich estates. These appointments mean no more than the grossest favoritism. Thou
sands upon thousands of dollars have been made by Stevens and his close friend. A. O. Colton, through these ap
pointments, some of which, made during the last few months, are given in the following table:
MARTIN STEVENS REAPS A RICH
HARVEST IN JUDGE TROUTT'S COURT
GOLDEN PROFIT
BY TROUTT'S
COMMAND.
Martin Stevens has not or.lj- -won
enormous Je^s as attorney for atsent
heirsi through :fce favor of Ju<l?e Troutt,
but be £as found a financial feast in
the c'.ty^treaaury by bolne appointed
appraiser by Judg-*? Troutt to determine
whether the estate* of the dead
are subject ti> the collateral inheritance
tax. Some o? the more recent of the*«
appointments and the profit which re
sulted from tfcea are given In the fol
lowiny table:
Date. Estate of— Amount.
June 2')... Robert llr-llurrar H* 00
July 19... Herman I^ipr.ltz COW
July 19... Leopold LiebcMn 10 00
Sept. 7 Jamea C. Sanger ,V> 00
Sept. 7 Sydney A. Rai-kllfCe ZZ 00
Oct. 2.... Caroline B. Watson 10 B0
Oct. 2.... Adeline Boyle 10 M
Oct. 9 Serah Bums S> 30
Oct. IS.... Maiaskla. S. Walsh 25 W
Nov. IS... George HellabrooU S*> <X>
Nov. :4... Frank Baher!ch Sift)
Nov. 24... Joseph Fritz 15 00
Xov. TT... Isaac Johnson 25 00
Nov. 17... John Vog-el 1> CO
Nov. !7... .Julia Galllgan 15 00
Nov. Zl... Robert K. Fattridge. 10 CO
Nov. 23... William Tiederaann 10 00
Dec. 4.. - . William K. Foster IS 0O
Dec. 12... John Satchwell , l'> 00
Dec. 15... Joan N. G. Hunter 25 00
Dec. IS... Lydia Yv'codworth 10 00
Dec. 19... AdeUa. J. Gadin V> 00
Dec. 21... Morttz Dacweitz 10 00
Dec. 21... William Johnson WOO
Dec. ZL.. Robert E. Nell 10 00
Dec. 21... Jonathan I*. White 50 00
Dec. 23... Mary McKenna IO00
Dec. 23... V. A. V. Vanhove !3 00
Dec. Zl... William A. Piper 23) 00
ISOOl
Jan. 13™ Marie Beehtel 20 CO
Jan. IS... Gecrsre lUordan 10 09
Feb. 19... Margaret T. Gay 15 W
Feb. 13... Henrfette Dettelbach 10 OCV
March S. Sa.Ji» Mulvaney 15 00
March 19. Llsette Chesney 15 00"
April 3... Mahlon B. Sturges 25 0>
Total »342 00
censure every lawyer who is Involved in
the Sullivan case, even If that censure be
no more serious than a reprimand for
carelessness. What shall come of this
movement, however, remains to be seen.
More important duties should now en
gage the authorities. They should see
that John XL Chretien does not go un
punished. They should probe the out
rageous affair to the bottom and make
sure that no one guilty of offense is
permitted to escape. They should bring
back to this city and force to trial
Charles Latner, who impersonated an
heir, defrauded the court and brought the
probate laws of California Into contempt.
Nothing should be left undone to bring
Hansted back to this city and to trial.
Whoever else is guilty should be sought
out and punished. Not until this Is done
can the authorities of San Francisco
pect to be considered men who understand
the seriousness of their duty and are will
ing to perform it.
Jud^e Fritz's courtroom was crowded
yesterday morning when John SI. Chre
tien, the disgraced attorney, made his ap
pearance, escorted by Detective T. B.
Gibpon. He looked nale but during the
proceedings he was the most unconcerned
man in the crowded courtroom. He was
represented by Attorneys Barnes and
Curtis, restrict Attorney Byington and
Captain Seymour sat together and
carefully noted every move made by the
attorneys for the defendant.
When the Judge called the case Chre
tien stood up and was Instructed as to
his rights. Then the Judge ordered Clerk
Groom to arraign the defendant on the
charge of forgery. When the clerk start
ed to read the description of the land in
cluded in the deed on which the forgery
charge is based Chretien said noncha
lantly:
"Oh. I know all about that You can
skip it."
When Chretien took his seat, Barnes
said:
"We are ready."
"The prosecution is not ready." said
Prosecuting Attorney Whiting. "We pre
fer to have the matter go over for a day
or^so. Our witnesses are not all present,
as one or two are out of town. Let the
case go over for two days."
"We are exceedingly anxious," said
Barnes, ."to proceed -with the case. We
believe that the hearing before your
Honor on the preliminary examination
will demonstrate that the complaint made
here cannot be sustained . by the testi
mony. Mr. Chretien has been in Jail for
two days, thrown In there from the Su
perior Court. So far as the absence of
witnesses is concerned, there are many
witnesses whose testimony I presume we
would be willing to stipulate should go
in as to what they are going to testify."
"We are willing," said Whiting, "to let
the case go over to any time counsel will
agTee upon so as to suit their conven
ience, but we are not ready to go on this
morning. It Is only fair to the prosecu
tion to allow the case to go over for a
day or so."
"As long as the defendant doesn't con
sent," said the Judge, "you will have to
file an affidavit.*-*- -.
"We will do that," said Whiting, "un
less Mr. Barnes consents to a certain
day."
District Attorney Byington whispered
to Whiting, who promptly said: "AH
right, the prosecution will proceed. We
can start now. and if necessary get a
continuance later on."
"I cannot hear the case In Its entirety
to-day," said . the Judge, "and there are
a number of cases waiting now."
"We do, not desire," Barnes, "to b«
captious, but are anxious to proceed as
far as we can."
It was then decided to continue the caa*
Startling Revelations
Are Made by an
Official Expert in
the Records of the
Probate Court.
Grand Jury Begins
an Investigation of
the Crime Against
the Unprotected In
testate Dead.
JUDGE J. M. TROUTT ENDOWS MARTIN STEVENS WITH FORTUNE IN FEES
-•¦¦ V' :
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!!.
PLACTTRVrLLE. July 13.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee cf th s
county, at a meeting- held In this city this
afternoon. Issued a call for a county con
vention, to convene in this city Saturday.
August :;.
3
No. of Case.
"flame of Deceased.
Attorney tor
Absent Heirs.
22654 I
| John T. Lyons !
I A. 0. Colton.
22656 !
22631 j
! Michael Roach I
i George P. Wallace !
; A. 0. Colton.
[ A. 0. Colton.
22682 !
! Joseph Clark |
; A. 0. Colton.
22725. I
22784 '
j Juiius Friedman j
Angela T. Antonnucci j
; Martin Stevens.
I A. 0. Colton.
22797
22804 ...--..
; Henry C. Costello \
; Richard Slevin
; A. 0. Colton.
A. 0. Colton.
22808 !
22823 I
! George J. Hughston |
S John Butts ;
A. 0. Colton.
A. 0. Colton.
22842 !
! Charles T. Ledwtth
Martin Stevens.
22933 !
22S43 j
Charles Sondstrom j
j Carrie Sankey j
Martin Stevens.
; Martin Stevens.
22952 : !
| Joseph Roux :
A. 0. Colton.
22971 j
22392 !
! Katie S. Van Shaiek j
I William A. Levinson
A. 0. Co!ton.
A. 0. Colton.
22993 |
23010 |
! Amelia Steiger j
! Dominick Harrison j
I A. 0. Colton.
i .Martin Stevens.
23014 !
| Benjamin M. Hartshorne I
? Martin Stevens.
23020 . . j
23044 |
1 Ellen Delaney ¦
| Mary F. Nichols I
! A. 0. Colton.
I Martin Stevens.
23052 |
23068 i
j August Black •
i Louisa S. Devoe j
1 A. 0. Colton.
1 A. 0. Colton.
23070 |
I Louis Parent {
I Martin Stevens.
23099 |
23107 |
S Jennie C. McCauley i
[ Catherine Mueller.'. I
j Martin Stevens.
I Martin Stevens.
23146 |
! Charles Litterman j
j Martin Stevens.
23153 ...Z |
I Albert Meyer j
j A. 0. Colton.
23211 |
'Catherine Hallet j
I Martin Stevens.
23221 !
23239 !
\ Emma O'Keane j
; Mary Keefe !
1 Martin Stevens.
• Martin Stevens.
23264 !
! John Huston |
! Martin Stevens.
23265 !
! Max Metzel |
1 Martin Stevens.
23280 I
: Robert R. Searle j
i Martin Stevens.
23318 |
23338 !
! Henry Meyers j
ilouisa Kopp i
( Martin Stevens.
I Martin Stevens.
23382 I
23399..'. i
l Euphraise J. Chardine !
i Mary Smith !
j Martin Stevens.
i Martin Stevens.
23412 |
I John Hurley I
! Martin Stevens.
23392 !
23428
| John Hillman.. j
Elizabeth Muckelbaugh i
i Martin Stevens.
I A. 0. Colton.
No. of Case.
"flame of Deceased.
Attorney tor
Absent Heirs.
22654 I
| John T. Lyons !
I A. 0. Colton.
22656 !
22631 j
! Michael Roach I
i George P. Wallace !
; A. 0. Colton.
[ A. 0. Colton.
22682 !
! Joseph Clark |
; A. 0. Colton.
22725. I
22784 '
j Juiius Friedman j
Angela T. Antonnucci j
; Martin Stevens.
I A. 0. Colton.
22797
22804 ...--..
; Henry C. Costello \
; Richard Slevin
; A. 0. Colton.
A. 0. Colton.
22808 !
22823 I
! George J. Hughston |
S John Butts ;
A. 0. Colton.
A. 0. Colton.
22842 !
! Charles T. Ledwtth
Martin Stevens.
22933 !
22S43 j
Charles Sondstrom j
j Carrie Sankey j
Martin Stevens.
; Martin Stevens.
22952 : !
| Joseph Roux :
A. 0. Colton.
22971 j
22392 !
! Katie S. Van Shaiek j
I William A. Levinson
A. 0. Co!ton.
A. 0. Colton.
22993 |
23010 |
! Amelia Steiger j
! Dominick Harrison j
I A. 0. Colton.
i .Martin Stevens.
23014 !
| Benjamin M. Hartshorne I
? Martin Stevens.
23020 . . j
23044 |
1 Ellen Delaney ¦
| Mary F. Nichols I
! A. 0. Colton.
I Martin Stevens.
23052 |
23068 i
j August Black •
i Louisa S. Devoe j
1 A. 0. Colton.
1 A. 0. Colton.
23070 |
I Louis Parent {
I Martin Stevens.
23099 |
23107 |
S Jennie C. McCauley i
[ Catherine Mueller.'. I
j Martin Stevens.
I Martin Stevens.
23146 |
! Charles Litterman j
j Martin Stevens.
23153 ...Z |
I Albert Meyer j
j A. 0. Colton.
23211 |
'Catherine Hallet j
I Martin Stevens.
23221 !
23239 !
\ Emma O'Keane j
; Mary Keefe !
1 Martin Stevens.
• Martin Stevens.
23264 !
! John Huston |
! Martin Stevens.
23265 !
! Max Metzel |
1 Martin Stevens.
23280 I
: Robert R. Searle j
i Martin Stevens.
23318 |
23338 !
! Henry Meyers j
ilouisa Kopp i
( Martin Stevens.
I Martin Stevens.
23382 I
23399..'. i
l Euphraise J. Chardine !
i Mary Smith !
j Martin Stevens.
i Martin Stevens.
23412 |
I John Hurley I
! Martin Stevens.
23392 !
23428
| John Hillman.. j
Elizabeth Muckelbaugh i
i Martin Stevens.
I A. 0. Colton.
A mighty man is he," but he is not
eighty enough to defy disease. It is a
f. pitiful thing to
Jtsfl see the strong
>v2vk aan brought
4F?t?jf$A low, his muscles
r ~\"^Jj \ji melting away
£" ~~ "^ocn'j until ne c* 3 "O
/.f swing the
/¦&„ .{.*- \ heavy sledge to
j&Kr J&&: § shape the glotr-
L^iJiV A ing in> n -
/£\ W>^ [\ v"-l WI ¦*** traabled
Mfjf VLSd A'jjk Y-.3 with malarial fever
i '' «1 ZJ *» » Vy °f *^ o ° t three years'
/^J^w^yiuil H «tandiajr: and was
V^Q?-^~-*Zf3*3?> ti under doctors' care
foT < < T:ite * time.*
KaJWrtj'/? writes Mr. J. E.
1 1 >ms PJ f I ville. Wayne Co.. Ky.
I \| ,-*T \m "They had almost
15*3"' 15^V*» M (r.^ra m- up, and
G3tt lyfyC-ft^/fr my saiStriaj was
*^t r^?.n>;r&^l very jreit. My
Y*.A Jal*r^>>1 pn!«t was very
jgVESr^*2P" j weak, breath short
y -*--*^fc-~yj S and I had were
' pains in tie back,
head and legs. ILad palpitation of heart, and
from Jcne ist. 1-55. to May 1st, 1S9S, I wa» not
able to do a day's work. I purchased five bottles
cf Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and
before I had fisitfaed taking the first two bottles
I was very mnch better. I continued taking the
medicine; and fav the time the fifth bottle was
gone I was a well ma."
Dr. Pieroe's Golden Sledical Discovery
cleanses the blcod of the poisons which
feed disease, cxres diseases of the stotn-
£ch and orgcrs of digestion and nutri-
tion, and enables the proper assimilation
cf food. It is a flesh forming, muscle
caking xsedicine, making sound flesh
and not flabby fat. It contains no
irhisky nor alcohol in any form.
||!||||| FOG STOMACH
||||j||| A\'P LUNGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I I f \ %Jt y P And many are profiting by^the uncqualed Bargains ia our CLEAR-
Pj ' £i ANCE of THIS SEASON'S SHOES, some of which we here men- fig
lTdIES' Chocolate Kid Lace Oxfords, new round toe A< f\f\ fea
v3 Dark Brown Kid Lace Boot, r.ev.- coin toe -ind tip. chic AA ftp £«
Nj|^\>^^Jsi« de>i?n, extension sole, medium heel; a!! size>: the \J ST
Pp = Dark Brown Kid Vesting Top Lace Boor, pretty toe AA Ap ./<3
H W^^'>^^^»1 MISSES' Chocolate Ki<! Vesting Top Kid Lace Boot, fti ( j- {§
j^S \^^jF^^j1j]^^jj^O4^3 Bm spring heel, wide coin toe and tip: >izes ri to 2; the > I I K J*a
ijt^L-^^^^^^p^^Sfej CHILDREN'S Chocolate KiJ Lace Ve^tir.- Top. .vide Aj CA '^
jj^^SBBKayacaHfc&gt^feateigS^^^^ coin toe and tip; spring l:ee!: sizes 7 to io r j: the jk\ j|*J cd
Q TtlQ — 74O' M < 1 r a I L -
H /jo /-rw g j eG our winc ) 0W 5 f or other choice ||
m MARKET f\T m offerin^s-^ny of tHe above sent to out- of- §1
P -¦•• ¦'•"•• g town to 1H by payment of pO5tage. gTURNINGS OF THE WHEEL.
The annual old-timers' run of the Bay
City Wheelmen will be held to-morrow,
the destination being San Anseimo. where
one of the club's members. Mr. Parisot.
will act as host. The committee on games
Is making arrangements for a baseball
Fame netween new and old members of
the club, captained by Fred Boeckmann
and Bert Mcnne respectively; also a game
of "shinny." teams captained by George
Stancenberger and "Pop". Rambo. and
STALLION STAKE OFFERED.
The executive committee of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Agricultural As
sociation has determined to give a stal
lion stake, to be contestedfor at the fair
to be held September 24 to October .6 at
San Mateo. The conditions are:
Entrance $100, of which 525 must accom
pany nomination; $25 payable September 1
and remaining $50 September 17; $1000
added by the San Francisco and San Ma
teo Agricultural Association. Stakes and
added money divided— GO, 30 and 10 per
cent. Five to enter, three to start. Mile
heats.three in five,! \
HOMING PIGEON RACES.
The Pacific Coast Pigeon and Homing
Society held its last young bird race of
the 1900 series on the 7th inst. from Red
ding, the 200-mile station. Of all the orig
inal entries of this series only twelve
birds were left to compete. This being the
longest distance ever flown by young bird*
on the Pacific Coast much interest was
taken in the result. '
The winning bird was H. C. Worth's
Minerva 1X-430. which flew at the rate
of 1036.21 yards per minute. This bird also
won second prize from Marysville on May
23. It was hatched in February and shows
great speed and endurance for so youn£
a bird. . . - s
William Hartery's Nick IX-551 won see
ond prize, having flown at the rate of
881.59 yards per minute. No other lofts
had returns within the time limit.
IN THE CRICKET FIELD.
The Pacific Cricket Club team will meet
the California eleven to-morrow in the
second match of the third series for the
pennant of 1D0O. The Pacific eleven will
be chosen from the following: J. Myers.
C. P. Coles. George Theobald. H. C. Cas
ldy (captain). George Wiseman p. Jamle
son. W. Jamieson. A. B. Willis. C. H
Hill, "W. McDonald L. H. Sandilands, \V.
Henderson and J. J. Theobald.
The California representatives will be
selected from the following: A. Dicken
•son E. G. Sloman, L. Schroeder, E.. J.
Loughman, W. Reeves. J. V. Bird A.
Willis J. duild. C. Roberts. G. Schroeder,
W Reed B. Bromfield and T. U. Smith.
The Pacifies depend almost altogether
upon two or three batsmen and if these
fail to get set the whole team collapses.
When he has had a little more practice
George Wiseman should prove a useful
man. as he is a hard and free hitter. On
July 29 the Pacific will go to Santa Cruz
to play against the Country Club Cricket
Club there.
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S.
Followlr.gr are the entries for swimming
events at Sutro's Baths Sunday, July x$ w
at 2 p. m.:
50-yard dash. Juveniles— G. Anderson, P.
Sunbers. G. Hughes,. P. Bogen, F. Jory
J. Douglass, R. Herman, C. Duke \v
O'Brien, G. Irvine. P. Louis. C. Donovan'
J. Kogers. G. Rankin, E. Kipp p Lo C fc"
wood. E. Wells, C. Greenan, J. Patton A
Kae. ' *
Under water swimming contest. dlvin~
for plates and high diving for boys ooen
to all.
100-yard race, amateurs— F. Ralston P
Riding, L. Greenan. G. Mitchell ' r
Harnes, C. Augustus. O. Lowenbere ll!
Hanlon W. Carroll. H. Wilbert, M Car
L°Scbt?' lnSt *h. Havw ara 3 ; E. Ben,
Trick ami fancy sprlnprboard dlvire-r
Duke. F. Carroll. V. . Wallace P i,:r Hl
R. Cordetl. O. Misner. K. '
ber, J. A. Jackson. P hxtean vu t- ,
J Hanton. G. Kelly JL^fiecYitt °T*
Thompson. *»ct.Keii, i.
High diving for boy a , open toalL
week to S1° "«5=3 iroia 29 ner
PRIZES FOR RIFLEMEN.
The local delegates to the National
Schuetzenbund are getting down to active
work, preparing for the big rifle tourna
ment which is to take place at Shell
Mound twelve months from this July. The
date of the tournament had been changeu
so as to avoid a break in the shooting
when it once starts. The former date of
the event included the 4th of July, and
when Shell Mound range waa selected
Captain 1* Sieby declined to break an
agreement with one of the Scottish organ
izations which has picnicked there for
many years. The delegates concluded
that it would be better to make a change,
and the new date for the tournament 13
trom July 14 to July 23, 190L
Since the resignation of R. Finking as
president no one has been selected to fill
the vacancy, and Captain F. Attinger, the
first vice president, occupies the chair at
the meetings. The election of the new
president has been set for the August
meeting. A number of names have been
mentioned, but from all accounts Superior
Judge George H. Bahrs Is favorite. Invi
tations are soon to be sent by the secre
taries to all of the riile shooting clubs in
the United States asking them to take
part in the tournament. Nearly all of the
shooting organizations of this State are
members of the bund, and will send liberaf
representation.
The collection of prizes is well under
way. Considerable hard cash will be re
quired for prizes, and several well-to-do
members of the' bund have offered sums
varying from $50 to J300. Medals, trophies
and merchandise prizes will be offered
without number, and there is no doubt
but what every resident and visiting
marksman will have something to show
for his ability with the rifle.
RACKET WIELDERS BUSY.
Tennis is all the rage with the lady
?or y , e h S f'i re . Mt ' M lhe >" are preparing
Hall » H a xt es S^" RleS next mont h. Miss
H mL ¥ rS ," CharIes EI *ton -are prac
ticing regularly at San Rafael, and Miss
Hunter, Miss Edith Waterman, Mrs Kin
caid and May Bramhall are frequent vis
forn.oVM Alameda At the Cal-
£ r>rni %. < r luh grounds Miss Laura Denson
M.ss Elsie Clark and Miss Bessie Bow
man are getting into championship form
Miss Hunter of Alameda visited the Cal
ifornia pub and played a tie with Miss
Bessie Bowman. 6-4. 3-€. Joe Dally beat
Miss Hunter. 6—3. Miss Weiner beat P
I\fhn. 4-«. 6-2. 6-3. Joe DiUly defeated"
«S SfcS$« and Miss Bowman! H, 6^2
Miss O. Pierce beat Miss A. Clarke, t%.
During the week the male contingent
plave°d So^T^f 3^ maJiy matches to?!
pla>ed. Some of the scores were as fol
frn£ : ,? e K r ?^ Vhltney and w - Stauf won
i r< i m , Hob Whitney and Joe Dally j e
f^'ttt'r G f or f e Whftne y then took
on Stauf In a singFe and won 6-1, &-0,
flj' £o e Daily beat Be "ret. 6^0
One of the best matches of the week
was between Merle Johnson and Grant
£3 "£Li J< £? Son , won . fn three setB, &-4,
6—3, 6-4. The winner is playing a strong
fm^oveme^t! 86111 "^ WS wonderfiSI
Cornell and H. Halght played a tie 6-0
4—6 McGavin and Gooding of Santa
Monica played a tie match. &-3 4—6
Miss Elsie Clark has just returned from
Sacramento loaded with tennis scalps
having successfully defeated all the lady
players of the Sacramento Tennis Club.
Mrs. II. H Sherwood, at one time the
best lady player of the California Club
visited the tennis grounds the other dav
with her son and the two played several
P. Kahn and Albert Cunha will enter
the doubles at Del Monte and will be the
ht-riviest team ever seen together.
The second annual tournament for the
State championship of Oregon will be
held July 18 on the grounds of the Mult
nomah Athletic Club. In all, there will
ho five events: First, sentlemen's sin
pies for the State championship and the
Fisk challenge cup; second, gentlemen's
doubles for State championship; third
ladies' singles for championship; fourth'
ladies' doubles; fifth, mixed doubles for
the championship.
To-morrow the Corinthians will hold a
regatta on the bay over a course to be
determined by the regatta committee.
Yachts may be entered at any time before
10 o'clock to-morrow morning, when the
course will be announced by the commit
tee. Presidio Shoal buoy will probably
be one of the marks. The race will start
at about 11 a. m. and the yachts will be
in cruising rig. Yachts will be divided
into the usual classes and will be sent
off to a one-gun start. There will be no
time allowances, the yachts crossing the
finishing line In each class being ad
judged the winner and receiving the prize
in that class. The prizes will be present
ed in the afternoon, when the awards
won in the Corinthian regatta held on
Decoration day will also be distributed.
This is the first time that the Corinthians
have held such an event, and it promises
to be very interesting. On the 4th of
next month the Corinthians will start on
their annual up-river cruise.
Early last Saturday morning Vice Com
modore H. R. Simnklns' yawl Tramon
tana left for a trip down the coast to
Santa Catalina Island. Besides her owner
and crew she had on board Harold
Wheeler, Frank Findley, W. G. Morrow
and W. M. Edgell, the last three being
members of the San Francisco Yacht
Club. The yawl has visited Santa Cruz
and Monterey and will spend a month at
Santa Catalina, where E. A. Wlltsee's
schooner now Is.
The Corinthian commodore was accom
panied on last Saturday's cruise to Peta
luma drawbridge by one of the largest
fleets that haa been out during the pres
ent season. On the return trip the sloop
Speedwell lost her topmast. The wind
being light the sail down was slow.
To-day and to-morrow are "open" on
the programmes of the San Francisco
and Encinal yacht clubs, and the Califor
nias start to-day on their annual up
river cruise. The South Bay yachtsmen
and the Oakland canoeists have no events
for to-day or to-morrow.
At a meeting of the regatta committees
of the San Francisco and Corinthian
yacht clubs August 4 waa selected as the
day for the race between the challenging
sloop Aeolus and the defending yacht
Gadder for the perpetual challenge cup.
The race will be on a flood tide. Imme
diately upon Its conclusion the Corinthi
ans will start on their annual up-river
cruise. Next Saturday and Sunday, the
21st and' 22d, the Corinthians will cruise
to Sierra Point, about three miles below
Hunters Point. Cruises In the southern
waters of the bay are usually more hon
ored in the breach than the observance,
few yachtsmen liking the hard knock
downs and ugly sea encountered there.
But Commodore Hawks says that the
cruise will take place this year even if
only one boat makes the trip.
CORINTHIANS
WILL HOLD A
BAY REGATTA
Many Cruises by Clubmen Are
Promised Within the Next
Few Weeks.
THREE TEAMS
ARE BUNCHED
FOR A PLACE
Hot Race Between Stockton,
San Francisco and the
Oakland Nines.
There has been much rejoicing among
the local baseball enthusiasts over the
recent performance of the home club.
Their hopes have been buoyed up by the
clean-cut defeat of the Stocktons in a
series of well played games, and it is
conceded that if the Germans can con
tinue to swat and manipulate the ball
with the skill and esprit de corps that
marked their work last week, the Sacra
znentos will be given a surprise when they
next go up against the metropolitan ag
gregation. The Frlscos are just recover
ing from the shock that the champions
gave them a few weeks ago, and having
fought their way up to within two points
of second place, they are beginning to
get that confidence which is necessary to
win ball games. Much will depend on the
rcwult of this week's series with the Oak
lands, for if the Friscos keep up the good
work the rooters will be fully assured
that Hank Harris has a real flesh and
blood ball team, and the players will feel
that they have a chance to contest ¦with
Sacramento for first place honors. So
the situation Is ripe for some sensational
ball playing. Will it come? -
How close Hank and his men are to sec
ond place and how far away from first
Is told In the following table. Oakland,
San Francisco and Stockton are now
bunched. The standing of the teams Is:
Games Per
Clubs — Won Lost Played Pet
Sacramento 24 13 37 .643
Stockton 17 20 87 .459
San Francisco 17 21 83 .447
Oakland 16 20 38 .444
Judging from the recent work of Pitcher
Hughes the belief is warranted that h!s
always frail but cunning right arm is not
in first class shape. Pitching a team in
to the championship as he did for Brook
lyn causes somewhat of a strain, and
Hughes has realized that his arm was
affected. Yet it may be that the hitters
of the league have solved his methods,
for it teems unlikely that he would go
Into the box if his arm was not in good
twirling shape.
Manager Harris Is going to utilize three
pitchers in his efforts to accomplish as
many victories this week. Phil Knell, the
strategic south-paw twirler, who signed
a Frisco contract two weeks ago, will
make his first appearance with the team
Sunday afternoon. Knell should lend con
siderable strength to the team. He claims
that his arm is as good as over it was and
that having had a long rest he should be
able to pitch winning ball.
The game to-day between Oakland and
San Francisco at Recreation' Park ought
to be close and exciting. The line-up is
as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
Sullivan Catcher Mangerina
Iburg Pitcher ...Borchers
Pabst First base Hutchlnson
Schwartz ....Second base Arrelanea
Reilly Thlnl base Lange
Krug Shortstop Francks
L*vy Left field Mosktmaa
Brockhoff Center field Drennan
Hildebrand Right field Held
Paid for Breakages.
George Okausi, the Japanese waiter at
1206 Market street, who juggled with glass
and crockeryware and broke. $2 50 worth,
agreed to pay the damage in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday. The Judge there
upon dismissed the case. He also dis
missed the charge against him of having
lottery tickets In his possession.
GOLF MATCHES
TO BE PLAYED
AT SAN RAFAEL
Men's Tournament Will Take
Place This Afternoon, the
Ladies' Next Week.
There will be a match this afternoon on
the links of the San Rafael Golf Club be
tween two teams, one captained by Carter
P. Pomeroy and the other by George
Heazelton. All the men who are able to
be present will take part in %he match,
so that the teams will consist of from six
to nine men each. The game will be over
eighteen holes, match play. The teams
wfll be arranged In the order of the play
ers' ability, number one of C. P. Pom
eroy's team playing against number one
of George Heazelton's team, and so on.
The team with the most holes to Ha
credit when the results of all the matches
are known will win. The ladiea will have
a similar match next Saturday. The San
Rafael course, though somewhat hard,
is in excellent condition, the dryness of
the ground causing the ball to roll, thus
adding considerably to the length of the
drives and brassie shots.
Though many of the members of the
San Francisco Golf Club are at Monterey
or other rescrts. several play regularly on
the Presidio links, among them being
John Lawson and his friend Mr. Adam
son. Hugh Tevis, H. Golcher. J. W. Byrne.
Worthington Ames. H. B. Goodwin,
Charles Page Jr. and Horace D. Pills
bury.
The Santa Monica Golf Club has
lengthened its course and Is having a
larger club house built. Though the
course is In bad condition, being hard,
rough and encumbered with stones, the In
dependence Day tournament drew a list of
entries such as was never seen in Central
California, forty-eight scores being hand
ed in in the men's handicap and fourteen
In the ladles' handicap. The men's event
was over thirty-six holes, and the
women's over eighteen. The men's event
was won by S. C. Lines, a left-handed
Philartelphian. with a score of ITS less 20—
159- H. P. Anderson (1ST less 20—167) and
P. II. Lyon (2^5 less 25-167) tying for Sec
ond handicap prize. \\ . H. Young of
Santa Monica made the second best gros*
score. IS-. The ladies' handicap was won
by Mrs. W. H. Sadler with a score of II. 1 ?
less 12—101, Mrs. W. T. Bishop (1U less 12
—Iii2) and Mrs. E. E>. Silent (110 le3S S
102) tying for second handicap score Mr*
J. D. Foster made the best gross score'
ice.
FOUR MEETS A
WEEK FOR THE
COURSING MEN
News About the Fleet Hounds
and the Owners Who
Run Them.
It is not yet proved whether the two
<2a>s' coursing in the middle of the week
•will be a success or not, although the at
tendance Wednesday and Thursday was
big enough to warrant its continuance.
The shoe pinches In the matter of dogs.
Ordinarily there are entered 120 dogs for
the Saturday and Sunday coursing. This
¦week the entries numbered but 80, the
falling off being due evidently to the two
Hakes in the middle of the week.
Last Saturday and Sunday the gate re
ceipts at Union Park amounted to $542 t»U,
e. tidy sum that will help swell the Swee
ney benelit fund.
For some time past coursing men have
been complaining about the excessive
charges which the railroad company has
laid upon them in the shipment of dogs.
An understanding has been reached by
•which a person holding a whole ticket
will be allowed to ship one dog free.
Trainmen will be ordered not to charge
txtra for the carrying of one dog.
At a meeting of the California coursing
committee Thursday evening Gus Bonnell
cf Pleasanton was ruled off until further
riotiee. His malfeasance consisted of a
false registration. He registered a litter
as whelped on June 'J when the actual
date was March 12. Dr. Clark of Stockton
vas the innocent purchaser of two of the
litter. His dogs were accepted, the
iiroper dates being inscribed in the reg
ister.
Lady Blanche whelped a litter to St.
Lawrence on July 7. This is the last that
v.-ill come from St. Lawrence. Sunrise
•whelped a litter to Erin's Hope— four
bitches and two dogs. Kay Brothers' Lady
EtbcJ whelp'-d a litter io Dudley Diamond
0:1 June L Mike Welch's Lady Norbourne
whelped to A. Massej'b Hot Stuff. <_5irl
From Paris whelped a litter on July 3 to
Hot Stuff. D. \V. Heir.tz's Rustic Heauty
wheiped a litter to O'Shea Brothers"
Young America. M. II. Scheper's Lady
Rose whelped a litter to same owners'
The Exile on July 7.
The Richardson Brothers expect the ar
rival this week of Wyson, a famous
Kr.jrlifh dog. whose pedigree is Patrick
lilue. out of Nordica. John Doe. a four
jear-old Irish dog, is expected also.
J. Ii. Rosseter is briiiRini; to this coun
try from England Glance, half-brother to
Crawford Braes. Glance is nve years old
end is from Young Fullerton. out of <ilan
adda. This dog <ilanc-<? has been a great
nake winner. Kosseu-r will use him for
breeding purposes.
F.ugine Geary's litter of Electric, out of
Fanta .Bella, two dogs iind four bitches
were registered.
The California coursing committee has
Indorsed the action of the Ingleside Aeso
<:ation in regard to xt»? ruling off of Joe
AVatkins and his kennels.
The Stockton Club, through Dr. Clark
has applied for membership to the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee. This was
allowed. Stockton will run one park
The coursing to-day will not begin until
the arrival of the 1 u'clock train.
' board will choose a president, secretary
and treasurer. E. B. Thorning was elect
ed captain, George Lewis lieutenant cap
tain, James Lewis sergeant-at-arms ana
W. B. Hinchman. John A. Hammersmith
and W G. Hansen were elected delegates
to the Pacific Association. The club is in
a highly- nourishing condition, having 10»
members in good standing and a balance
at the bank.
The South End Rowing Club recently
elected the following officers for the com
ing half-year: T. I. Fitzpatrick. president;
James D. Feehan. vice president; "William
H. Mead, recording secretary; Charles
Creighton. financial secretary; Joseph
O'Dea, treasurer; Thomas P. Grennan,
sergeant-at-arms; E. Scully, captain;
James Pallas, vice captain: James P.
Foley, Harry Kelly, John Bogan. Charles
Jenkins and E. Blumlein. trustees.
If the Supervisors should decide to cut
Third street through to the channel the
north half of the handball court and the
south half of the boathouse of the South
Ends would be cut off. The club received
permission from the Harbor Commission
ers to maintain Its buildings on Third
street, but It seems doubtful whether the
Commissioners were empowered to giv»
any such permission.
CAMPO BELLO
COVE WILL BE
GAY TO-MORROW
Dolphins to Entertain the
Ladies With Boat and
Swimming Races.
To-morrow the Dolphin Swimming and
Boating Club will hold Its annual ladies 1
day at the boathouse. at the foot of Van
Ness avenue. The programme will consist
of a tub race, a handicap swimming race,
fancy divine. Junior and senior barge and
outrigger skiff races, a shell race and
walking the greasy pole. The pole
stretches out tweney-flve feet over the
water, and at its end will be attached a
prise for the member who successfully
walks its whole length. During the inter
vals a brass band, under the direction of
T. Sousa Keogh. will serve tp distract the
guests.
There are fifteen entries for the handi
cap swimming race, the distance being 300
yards and the limit man receiving seven
seconds. President F. W. Woernner and
T. M. Ferguson will have a race in gigs,
carrying cockswains, who will not be al
lowed to assist the scullers as they did
last year. George Baker and W. O. Patch
will row a race In outrigger skiffs for the
championship of the Dolphin Club. The
usual international barge race between
the Irish and German crews will take
place and will bo keenly contested. The
Irishmen won the first of these events in
1S98, and the Germans were victorious last
year. There will also be music, dancing
and an Informal entertainment in the boat
house. Professor Hynes presiding at the
piano. Refreshments will be served, and
a pleasant day Is confidently expected.
The committee in charge of the ar
rangements consists, of W.o. Patch (chair
man), A. W. Pape. J. S. Earls, F. SIcEl
rath, T. J. Kennedy, W. L. Bush and T.
R..Dlxon. The following are the olHcers
of the day: Referee, Adam Schuppert;
starter, A. P. Rothkopf; judges. T. A.
Keogh and A. B. Treadwell; timers, T. J.
Sullivan and J. B. Keenan; marshals, V.
Kehrlein and H. Perazzl. Sydney Cavlll,
champion swimmer of the world, assisted'
by one of his Olympic Club pupils, will
give an exhibition of life-saving. Lester
Hammersmith, who is a member both of
the and the Olympic clubs and
was a prize winner at the last exhibition
given in the Olympic tank, will be seen in
fancy diving. The races will begin at 10
a. m. punctually.
The Alameda Boat Club held Its annual
championship races on Sunday last on
Oakland Creek over a course three-quar
ters of a mile and return. John A. Ham
mersmith was referee; W. B. Hlnchman
starter: David Greenleaf. timer; the'
Judges being George H. Miller. W. C. Don
nelly and A. G. Bell. In the first heat for
junior scullers E. Hainan beat E. B
Thorning. In the second C. J. Hague beat
Bert Guild, In the third E. Hansen de
feated Nartowa Brown and in the fourth.
Andrew Webb beat W. • Little. The final
was won by E. Hainan In 12 minutes 3S
seconds. In the first heat for senior skiff
men F. W. Ayers beat John Lewis, in the
second C. G. Ayers defeated J. C. Stamer
and the final was won by F. W. Ayers
who beat John Lewis by the narrow marl
gin of three seconds after a very even
race. F. W. Ayers will represent the Ala
meda Boat Club in the senior champion
ship skiff race on Admission day, and E.
Hainan will be the junior representative
The Alameda Boat Club held a well at
tended meeting last Tuesday night, at
-which the proposed amendments to the
by-laws were carried almost unanimously.
The election of officers was quite spirited,
there being fourteen candidates for the
board of eight directors. The following
were successful: C. H. Smith, TV. B.
Hinchman. A. G. Bell. W. C. Donnelly,
Theodore Etsfeldt, John Lewis, David
Greenleaf and George H. Miller. The
Gemans baby " by the °« rnians and *nti
nrr^w in^ ml i h ex P ects that this run will
£^! U( r.. t £ e . "gest attendance of the
th^ >i f- be f. ldes those who will wheel to
t^ke^h » na V on many " has beens- will
take the train to avoid overexertion.
the <f a m ™ m c ers a , nd pucsls wiil Ieave on
befnt fr™A S c U?al t0 boat - the run Proper
|P^| O oTaIo U ur^e°l^m S .1e n s An Tl e eTaV.t
0 C ° nClUde th a race
tfS&TiE.JJ?" .S^ddara. well known in the
wlek. Southern California this
HIS FIRST SHOT AT A BUCK THIS SEASON,
FROM mountain stream end ocean come reports of good
fishing. Seemingly all th© flycastera and deep sea fishers
In the State are hard at their favorite pastime. And the
fish stories are beginning to float in from the country
and go the rounds with wondrous growth. But the foun
dation of big catches is solid, as there have been many tangi
ble evidences of them from one end of the State to the other.
Fly fishing on th© mountain lakes has not been at Its best
during the past week, the trout generally refusing to rise to
the gaudily colored artificial flies. Some flsh have been taken,
but only by the most persistent and the cleverest of the
anglers. There has been quite a colony of the rod wlelders at
Webber Lake recently, including W, C. Murdoch. R. R. Flint.
A. B. Finch. Messrs. Bean and Lowe of San Jose. Mr. Avery
of Oakland, Ell Marks. Dr. Levinson, P. W. Watson, Walter
S. Hobart and R. Edgren. At Independence Lake Frank Hall
and J. J. Winner have been the most successful.
A. B. Finch has been the most indefatigable angler at
Webber. He fished Jackson Creek twice, some ten miles from
the lake, securing sixty good sized trout at the first attempt
and fifty on the second. The pools and riffles of the tiny stream
are fairly teeming with the finest trout. Mr. Finch's second
attempt on the creek is a genuine flsh story. The water was
undisturbed In the pools and the flsh refused to take any kind
of a lure. A dainty fly presented properly had only tha effect
of scattering the flsh in every direction. Standing: on the bank
of the creek It was possible to count from twenty-five to fifty
trout In many pools, some of them weighing fully a pound and
a half. Mr. Finch was on the stream at midday, but purposes
staying there over night shortly to avail of the evening and the
morning fishing.
Mr. Finch took twelve Eastern brook trout from the brook
in the meadow near the lake last Saturday morning. In the
afternoon he fished the Little Truckee and secured thirteen
trout, although they were not taking the fly readily.
J. J. Winner is "high hook" at Independence Lake, having
landed the star flsh of the season — a three-pound Dolly Varden.
He is also credited with the best basket, twenty flsh having
Buccumbed to his skill in one night's fishing.
Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Cannell are fishing on the Upper Mc-
Cloud. They left this city Thursday evening and will pass
their vacation whipping the streams In that country.
James Cunningham, whose devotion to the rod draws him to
the mountains every season. Is at Ahwannee this year. Ills
many friends are waiting for boxes of flsh that represent the
•work of his rod.
Professor Henry Sanger of the University of California la
trying his luck at Sugar Pine on the Tuolumne.
Judge John Hunt left Thursday for Deer Park Inn. on the
Truckee. For the next few weeks he will wipe out considera
tion of legal technicalities and lawyers' bluffs by work with rod
and reel.
John Hurd, who was fishing near Sims, reports good sport
in that section of the country-
Ortn Peck and F. G. Sanborn will visit Charles Wheeler at
his home on the McCloud. The fishing at this point has been
all that could be desired.
Frank Maskey has returned to the Eel River, where he will
remain until his present high fever for fishing subsides. His
catches so far have been of good size.
Reports come from Petaluma that striped bass are found
In the creek. J. Homer Fritch has had a streak of luck flsthing
this creek, and many others are out daily, with varying suc
cess. The best results come from patient fishing at the head
of the creek.
Catalina, always the chosen place for ocean fish'ns?. is prov
ing no exception to its great reputation. All kinds of sea fish
ing is found here, but the big tuna 13 what draws the sports
men to Catalina these days. The catches have been big. and
every dav some fisherman comes back to the hotel with a
monster in his boat.
In Santa Cruz and Monterey bays the fishing has been
streaky, sometimes very good and sometimes very bad. It ia
a bit early in the season for the best fishing in these waters.
River and Big Stream Fishing in the Truckee
, Region Seems to Be Favored
by the Experts.
Good Fishing Is Reported by the
Men of Rod and Reel From
North to South.
ANGLERS WHIPPING
MOUNTAIN STREAMS
THIS I? the time when the rifle Is unpacked and the deer
hounds are let loose for the greatest shooting- sport In
California. To-morrow, July 15. the deer season opens
anil the big game hunter will oast his fortune in the
mountains and forests, where the antlered monarch
roams. Already the exodus of shooters has begun. Eager for
their favorite pport and with appetites whetted by long wait
ing, the sportFrnen are leaving the city in large numbers to
take advantage of the first chance permitted them by the laws
cf the State.
As far a? San Francisco shooters go, the season will open
to-morrow for the reason that adjacent counties have game
lawp that pormit sportsmen to shoot deer on and after July 15.
There is a multitude of varying laws in regard to the opening
of the season. Every county in the State has adopted game
legislation of itP own and fixed its own dat»>s for the opening
cf the season. The seasonal time for shooting varies from July
1j to October l"as the initial date.
From present reports this season will be a happy one for
the deer hunter. Not in many years have more favorable ac
counts been received from the districts where deer has been
found ia former years. The preserves owned by shooting clubs
end the open public country throughout the State seem
etocked with the big game. This is due in great measure to the
law prohibiting the marketing of venison and to an awakening
on the part of the shooters that ruthless slaughter of deer is
vicious in the extreme.
A number of Country Club men will try their luck Sunday
morning. Those who will use this preserve for their first deer
shooting are F. \V. Tallant. F. S. Hicks of L,os Angeles, Wil
liam Bere. Alexander Hamilton. J. Le Roy Nickel, W. S. Kittle
ai;d Charles Tuttle of Colusa. \V. S. Kittle has been driving
over the grounds during the week and he pronounces the deer
plentiful. As is their custom. Kittle. Hamilton and Berg will
travel tog-ether, and it is a certainty that some line, big bucks
¦will be sent to this city Monday, the result of their work with
the rifle. William Berg, the great German traveler, has im
ported a number of hounds specially for this season. lie will
try some of them out to-morrow.
A merry party of sportsmen, headed by William F. Roeder
of this city, wiil go Into camp to-day near Sargents. They will
remain out some weeks and have high hopes of great sport
¦with the deer. In addition to Mr. Roeder the party will include
Joseph Nolan and M. J. Desmond of this city, I>r. S. A. Sheets,
Edward Rta and George Loewry of San Jose, Elmer Rea,
George Dunlap and Pony Moore of Gilroy, J. A. Sargent of
Fargente. J. F. JDunn of San Felipe and (Jaston Ashe of Tres
Pinos.
A party made up of almost the same gentlemen camped in
th_e_pame vicinity last year and were quite successful, securing
&. ti"umbr r r of fine deer.
Messrs. Jessop and J. Harhart loft lapt night for Jerry
Llerly's. forty miles* above Tkiah. The deer are plentiful in
this district and the hunting always of a kind to delight the
eportsnian who is out for the chase.
The Tamalpaip Club will have its contingent of shooters out
Tvith the rifle and hounds. W. C. Brown. Fred Dnnkhouse,
I"r«>d Butler, H. Wagner and F. La Coste will work over the
club's preserves in J.Jarin County in quest of deer.
Fred Howard and a party of hunters will work from San
Mateo over the mountains to the coast. Reports coming from
this country pronounce an abundance of big game and the
shooters will senn fiork down there in large numbers on ac
count of the propinquity to the city.
Hut the best prospective hunting and shooting reports come
from Humboldt and Mer.doeino counties. This seems to be the
most popular hunting ground in California, and despite the
difficulty of convenient access draws great numbers of sports
men at the beginning cf the season.
Colonel A. B. tfoemer, General riirkinsnn. Oolonc-l K M
Miles and Major Leo Schmidt, all wearers of the blue cloth and
brass braid, have planned a trip for the first days of the season
in Mendorino County. They will be on the trail of deer for a
f»-w slaves and then return to the city with numerous weird
tales and stacks of venison. They will* do some fishing on the
trip.
Ed Priggs will leave to-day for Mendocino.
The Field and Tv}o dub. an emanation of the Olympic Gun
Club, has secured preserves in Marin County, which will be
used for deer hunting later on in the season. * The land of the
Fir-Id nnd Tulc Club is made up of the Bull Tail. Rodgers and
P.ock Point ranches. During the early part of the sr-ason the
mrmbrrs of the Field and Tule Club will make smaller came
their quest. fo<«"e
Country Club Shooters Will Try Their Luck
the Very First Lay on Their
Marin County Preserves
Good Sport in Prospect for Hunt
ers of Big Game in
California.
DEER SEASON OPENS
IN MANY COUNTIES
SPORTS
xi±rJ SAJN: JTJiAJNUlbLJU (JALIj, SATUKUAY, JULY 14, 1900.
4
Whenever a woman makes an enemv of
a man for life she always tells him they
can still be friends. . .-„¦¦;•. •;¦;*CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLCB3.
SUPERBAS BADLY BEATEN".
Clubs — "W. L. Pet. ! Clubs — "W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....42 21 .636, Cincinnati ..34 33 .433
Chicago 36 30 .54.1 St. Louis 30 36 .435
Pittsbur* ....37 32 .536 Bnston 2S 36 .43S
Philadelphia 33 32 .130 .New York 22 41 .343
NEW TORK. July 13.— The New Torks grave a
splendid exhibition of batting against the
Brooklyn this afternoon and won an easy game.
Attendance. 1000. Score:
Clubs- R. . H. E.
Brooklyn 1 « «
New York 1* 13 1
Batteries— HowelL T>unn. Kennedy. McGln
nity and McGuire; Hawley and Warner. Um
pire — Snyder.
PITTSnURG, July 11-The battir.gr averages
of the Philadelphia players were materially
fattened to-day. Wolverton taking the lead.
In the first half of the first Inning Leever gave
six hits and five runs. Chesbro followed with
fifteen hits and fifteen runs. Attendance. 3«0.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburjr 8 9 5
Philadelphia 23 31 <
Batteries— Leever. Chesbro. Wapner and
O'Connor: Piatt and McFarland. Umpire—
Swartwood.
CINCINNATI. July 13.— To-day's game was a
pitchers' struggle between Phillips ajid Jones,
In which the former came out on top. Bar
rett's hit gave Cincinnati the rictory In the
tenth inning. Attendance. 20OO.- Score:
Clubs- R. , H. E.
Cincinnati 1 S l
St. Louis 0-5 -'
Dattiries — Phillips and Peitz; Jones and
Criger. Umpire — Terry-
American League Games.
CLEVELAND; July 13.— Cleveland. 1; Min
neapolis, a.
BUFFALO. July 13.— Buffalo, 10; Kansas
City. J.
DETROIT, July 13.-Detroit, «; Chicago, i.
INDIANAPOLIS, July lX-Indlanapolls, 8;
Milwaukee. Z.
New Manager for Piemies.
NEW YORK. July 13.— Announcement
<s made that George H. Davis has been
appointed manager of the New York
Baseball Club, displacing "Buck" Ewmg.
The change. It is stated, was necessitated
by* the Inability of Ewlng to suppress the
feeling of factionalism that has existed
among the players during the present
season.
LONDON. July 13.— At the first day's
racing of the Lingfleld summer meeting
to-day the Lingfleld Park stakes of 3000
sovereigns, the owner of the second to
receive 300 sovereigns and of the third 100
sovereigns, for three and four year olds,
one mile straight, was won by Lord
William Beresford's four-year-old chest
nut colt Caiman, ridden by L. Reiff. Lord
Feremoy's three-year-old chestnut colt
Courlan. on which Sloan had the mount,
was second, and Mr. Falrle's three-year
old chestnut colt Mahdl was third. Six
horses ran. • ~:
Three other races were won by the
mounts of American Jockeys. The Jacks
bridge \ Handicap of 100 sovereigns for
three-year-olds and upward, six furlongs,
straight, was won by Mr. W. Low's brown
colt Knighton. ridden by Tod Sloan.
The Waterside Selling Handicap plate
of 103 sovereigns for three-year-olds and
upward, one mile straight, was won by
Consolation, also ridden by Sloan.
The Oak Tree Handicap of 150 sov
ereigns for three-year-olds and upward,
seven furlongs, straight, was won by
Friarlike, with J. Reiff In the saddle.
Lord. Beresford's Caiman Wins the
Lingfleld Park Stakes.
YANKEES RIDE FOUR WINNERS.
CHICAGO, July 13.— Jockey Bullman
kept up his star performances at Wash
ington Park to-day by winning the first
three races, and speculators who have
been following the rider hit the book
makers hard, while the combination books
were nearly put out of business. Wads
of greenbacks poured into the combina
tion bankroll on Boney Boy, Sly and Kirt
Cox, all to win. at odds of 15 to 1. Thomp
son Brothers, owners of Sidney Lucas, a
few days ago purchased Kid Cox for $2230
and the colt won the third race easily.
In the opening race Boney Boy got off
absolutely last and was pocketed and
bumped around to the three-quarter pole,
where Bullman began to work like a
fiend The game chestnut closed the gar
of three lengths in the next furlong from
Eva Rice, who was leading. A furlong
from home Boney Boy was on even terms
with the pacemakers and Bullman, fairly
lifting his mount at every stride, passed
the wire a length to the good. It was
said that $60,000 changed hands on the
F fell In the fourth race, seri
ously injuring Jockey Southard. Track
fast. Results:
One mile— Boney Boy won. Eva Rice second,
Great Land third. Time. 1:40.
Six furlongs— Sly won. May Beach second.
John Yerkes third. Time. 1:13U.
Five furlcngs-Kld Cox won. Princess Tat
yana second. Grardon third. Time, 1:01.
Mile and fifty yards-Wax won, Arthur Be
han second. Etussell R. third. Time. 1:43U-
One mile— Malaise won. Klnstein second.
George Kratz third. Time, l:40ii-
One mile, selling— John A. Morris won. Tap
pan second, High Jinka third. Time, 1:30*4.
XEW YORK, July 13. — Henry earned
the jockey honors at Brighton Beach to
day nuttins three past the judges. He
won with Kamara at 13 to 5 In the flrs».
Annie Thompson at 6 to 1 In the hfth and
Snark at 9 to 5 In the. last race.
He also was second with Jack Point m
the handicap. This race was the feature
of the day. It resulted, however. In the
defeat of the Brighton handicap hero.
Jack Point, a hot favorite. Old Maximo
Gomez, at 8 to 1. won easily. After the
race' Mike Clancy sold the winner to Sam
Hildreth for $50u0. Results:
One mile— Kamara -won. Queen of Song sec
ond. Andrisa thira. Time. 1:40 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— First Whip
won. Precursor srecond, Carbuncle third. Time,
Five **f urlongs, Glennellle won. Malstcr sec
ond. Demurrer third. Tlm». 1:01.
Mile and an eighth— Maximo Gomez won.
Jack Point second. Favonlus third. Time. 1:52.
Mve and a half furlongs, selling— Annie
Thompson won. Mauga second. Princess Ottil
lle third. Time, 1:08.
Five furlongs, selling — Snark won, Qreat
American second, Double Six third. Time,
1:01 1-5-
MONTREAL. July 13.— Franconl. which
•won the dagh of six furlongs for maidens,
and Poorlands, which beat a good field
In the seven furlongs, -were the winning
favorites at Bellaire to-day. Weather
showery: track heavy. Results:
Six furlongs — Viturla won, Seelmore second.
BaMe third. Time. 1:26.
Six and a half furlongs— Dousterswlvel won.
Nanny Till . second. Prince of India third.
Time. l:33*i.
Six furlongs— Franconl won, Minnie Burns
Plungers Give Bookmakers
at Washington Park a
Drubbing.
THOUSANDS OF
DOLLARS LOST
BY PENCILERS
second. Jack Adie third. Time. 1:27.
Four furlongs. 2-yefer-old9— Lizzie A. won.
Bow Jangles second, Cupa third. Time. 0:58.
Seven furlongs— Poorlands won. Daryl second.
King Elkwood third. Time. 1:40%.
Six furlongs, gentlemen riders— Infellce (Mr.
Stevens) won. Lizzie Kelly (Mr. Lindsay) sec
ond. Rey Salazar (Mr. G. Strathy) third.
Time, 1:28^4.
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— Results:
Seven furlongs, selling — Iron Chancellor won.
Insurrection second, Klldarlle third. Time,
1:29%.
Six furlonirs— George TV. Jenkins won, Rob
ert Jr. second. Frank Johnson third. Time.
l:16»i.
One mile and seventy yards, selling:— W. B.
Gates won. Sprung second, Bonnlvard third.
Time, i:47Vi.
Six and a half furlongrs. selling — St. Cuth
bert won. Mlzzourt second. Verify third. Time.
i:n'i.
Four and a half furlongs— Frcnchle won.
Eva's DarHns second. Crimp third. Time.
0:iS?i.
Seven furlongs — Libbie won. Sam Lazarus sec
ond. Klsme third. Time. 1:2S.
Closing Day at Windsor.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
DETROIT, July 13.— The closing pro
gramme of the Windsor Association's
trottlnp meeting Included two pacing
races, both of -which were easily won by
favorites. Results:
2: IS pace, puree $500— Fay Highwood won sec
ond, third and fourth heats. Time, 2:144 —
2:15H— ::14'j. Prince Exum won first heat In
2:12H- Texas Jessie. Brooklyn Belle. E!vena
2:06 pace, purae J600— Billy Andrews won la
three straight heats. Time. 2:07^—2:07— 2:0«i 2 .
Coney, Eyelet. Ace. Don. Choral. Giles Xoyes
and Indiana also started.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NAPA, July 13.— It was virtually a half
holiday here to-day. Nearly all of the
merchants closed their stores and a large
crowd viewed the sport at the track.
Favorites did not enjoy clear sailing.
Santa Anita Star, the supposed good thing
of the 2:40 class trot, being bowled over by
McBriar, costing the stable and the tal
ent a small wad of coin. In the running
events Gundara, Grand Sachem and
Homestake were the purse winners.
During the afternoon the turf events
were interspersed with foot races for the
small folk, both boys and girls, under the
direction of Si Stebblns. This furnished
much amusement for the occupants of the
sland.
When the nine starters for the trotting
number were called, Santa Anita * Star
brought 10, McBriar 5 and the Held 7. At
the word the favorite, closely followed
by the veteran, "Billy" Donathon, behind
McBriar, soon drew away from the Held
and to the stretch the result looked In
doubt. Here McBriar gradually forged to
the front, winning cleverly in 2:17. After
his decisive win of the heat, McBriar sold
a 10 to 6 choice over the entire field and
justified the confidence reposed in him by
taking the following two heats and the
race. Santa Anita Star earned second and
Bob Ingersoll third money.
The running events proved the greatest
attraction. For the first five furlong
.scramble, Gundara, ridden by McNIchols,
was backed from 2 to 3 to 5 favoritism,
and, getting away first, won all the way.
Coming from last place, the poorly rid
den Candlelight II, which opened favorite,
finished in the place, five lengths before
Fine Shot. March Seven, a heavily backed
one, never looked dangerous.
The six furlong sprint which followed
saw Nettle Clark, a warm 4 to 5 choice,
with Collis In the saddle, beaten by Grand
Sachem in the most exciting drive of the
day, the pair being joined at the close by
Zurich. The first choice made all the
running, but weakened near the end, los
ing by a nose. W. H. Martin squeezed
through next the rail with Zurich, fin
ishing third, beaten but a head.
A mile selling run concluded the racing.
Homestake, backed from 6 to 5 to 4 to 5,
carried the smart money, and, after
catching Kootenal in the run home,
scored cleverly in 1:42^. Collis, astride
Expedient, the opening choice, which ran
into the place, put up such a weak effort
that he was reprimanded by the judges.
"Long Shot" Conley, the one time fav
orite rider, appeared here to-night with a
troupe of colored minstrels. He has ap
parently left the turf.
To-morrow A. B. Spreckels' mare Dlone
will trot an exhibition mile. She Is
handled by Charles Jeffreys. Last waek
In Santa Rosa she made the mile in 2:07»4
In an exhibition race, but it is hardly
likely she will equal that time here as
this track Is not In such good condition
as the other. Following Is the summary:
Trotting: 2:40 class: purse $S0O.
McBriar, b. g., by MeKinney-Brlar Bell
(Donathan) I l i
Santa Anita Star, br. h., by Guy Wilkes
(Maben) » 2 3 4
Bob Ingersoll, b. g.. by Xutwood Wilkes
(Cecil) 5 2 3
Altherine. br. m. , by Patron (Hodges) 7 8 2
Bell Patchen. ch. m., by Otto Rex (Ward). 3 6 5
I*uerto Rico. br. m.. by Sable Wilkes (Cur
cello) 4 5 7
Juan Chico, ch. g., by Bay Rum (Helman).fi 4 6
V. Sheller. b. g.. by Hambletonlan Wilkes
(Hill) 9 7 9
Prince S. br. g., by Escort (Brown) S 9 8
Time. 2:17— 2:17— 2:17^.
Five turlongs, selling, purse J150.
J. D. Dunn & Co.'s b. f. Gundara 105 (Mc-
Nlchols), 3 to 5 1
Miss Ethel Kln^s ch. c. Candlelight 110 (J.
Narvaez), 2 to 1 2
H. Whitman's ch. g. Fine Shot 107 (Fraw
ley), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:03.
El Arte 107, Ahwanee 105, March Seven 105,
Judge Shropshire 107 and The Scot 107 also ran.
Time, 1:16%.
Six furlongs, selling, purse $100.
J. J. Moran's b. g. Grand Sachem 113
(Thomas). 2 to 1 1
P. K. Smith's ch. m. Nettle Clark 106 (Collis),
4 to 5 2
G. Boland's ch. g. Zurich 109 (Martin), 3
to 2 3
Clarando 107, Manzanillo 109 and Romany 113
also ran.
One mile, selling 1 , purse $150.
F. Qulgley's b. m. Homestake 107 (Vlckery),
4 to B 1
P. K. Smlth"s ch. g. Expedient 94 (Collis),
even • 2
J. J. Moran/s b. R. Kootenal 107 (Thomas),
3 to 2 3
Time, 1:42^.
Whitcomb 109. Roadrunner 112, Tenrlca 109
and Coda 107 also ran.
VALLEJO ENTRIES.
Coming Race Meeting.
Horses That Will Compete at the
VALLEJO, July 13.— The entries to all
the fixed events, excepting the running
races, on the programme for next week's
races havo been closed. They are as fol
lows: .
Tuesday— First race, pacing:, 2:30 class, purse
$1000 — I. L. Borden's Doc Wilkes, G. Y. Bol
linger's Our Boy's Sister. Santa Rosa Stock
Farm's Margaretta, S, H. Hoy's Yellow Jacket,
P \V. Hodges' Queen R, G. A. Davis' Rey Di
rect W. M. Cecil's Irvincton Boy.
Second race— Special trotting. 2:13 class.
Third race— Running.
Wednesday— "Vallejo Day"— First race, trot
ting, 2:40 class, purse $1000 — J. O. Parrott's Dol
ador R L. Mulcahy's Algroneta. L. Zimmer
man's McUrayar, E. AiKeltinger's Ruby J. G.
Y Boliinjrer's Vic Schiller, P. AV. Hodges'
Atharine, W. M. Cecil's Bob Ingersoll, A. B.
Siireckels' Czarina.
Second race. "Vallejo roadsters, purse J200—
A Mini's Klection Boy, H. C. Meyer's Kaster
I), Berry Shouse's Rebecca, T. F. McGlll Jr.'s
Trilby. Sam Sadler's Echo.
Third race— Running.
Thursday — First race. 2:14 class, purse $300 —
"W H Meek' a Win. Harrold, J. M. Nelson's
John A. W. II. Whitney's Bernard, W. G. Dur
fee's AVilhelmlna.
Second race — Special trotting, 2:17 class.
Third race — Runntiur.
Friday— First race, pacing. 2:17 class, purse
$450— Bob Burrls's Bob. Ed Kavanagh'a Gaff
Topsail C. E. Clerk's Chloe. S. W. Wilson's
Waiter" K. L. D- Slocum's Teddy the Roan.
Fdward Picketfs I-ucky Bob, H. H. Dunlap-s
Kins Cadenza, J. S. Hodges' Sam H.
Second race— Special trotting, 2:15 class.
Third race — Running:.
Saturday — First race, trotting, 2:12 class,
purse $500— I» E. Clawson's Phoebe Childers, T.
J Crossley's Addlson, Vendome Stock Farm's
Dr Fiasse. P. W. Hodges' Hazel Kinney.
Second race — Trotting, for Benicia. road
horses, purse $100. ¦
McBriar Outf oots Santa Anita Star
in the Trotting Event, Win
ning in Straight
Heats.
Wins From Nettie Clark,
With Zurich Only a
Head Away.
GRAND SACHEM
FIRST IN A NOSE
FINISH AT NAPA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO July 13.— J. Parmley
Paret, the Kastern tonnls crack,
met his Waterloo to-day, being
beaten in straight sets by Sumner
Hardy. Hardy used his chop stroke
considerably, passing Paret often as he
ran to the net. Paret played a safe,
steady game, which was not effective
STJMNEB HARDY, THE CALIFORNIA KNIGHT OF THE RACQUET.
play Collins and Paret, to see which team
shall face Little and Alexander of Prince
ton In the finals. Sumner Hardy plays
Kreigh Collins for the Western cham
pionship. Summary:
¦Singles, semi-finals— Sumner Hardy beat' Pa
ret, 6-2, 6-4. Collins beat Samuel Hardy, 3-G,
6-4, 6-3. '
Doubles, second round — Collins ~ and • Paret
beat Poulscn and Johnson. 8-6, 6-4, 6-3.
Scml-flnala — Alexander: and Little beat Bond
and Seldon, 6-1, 6-3, 5-7, 7-5.
against the swift strokes of the Western
er. Sumner had his back-hand drive un
der control and crosscourted Paret again
and again. At no time was the New
Yorker In the lead. .
Sam Hardy lost his nerve after the first
set. for some unaccountable reason, and
Collins, by forclnp the play, driving and
volleying hard, .won in a three-set match.
Sam failed to pass Collins as he ran Into
the net. The Chicago man volleyed -well.
On Saturday the Hardy •Brothers will
SUMNER HARDY BEATS PARET,
THE EASTERN TENNIS EXPERT
Joseph Peckerman, Joe Mohan, Dan
Crowley and John Gallagher were arrested
yesterday and last night for violation of
the anti-poolselllng ordinance. The men
were released on $50 bail.
The following demand was served on
Captain Seymour, acting Chief of Police,
at his office last evening:
Captain Seymour, Acting Chief of Police,
San Francisco — Dear Sir: Demand is hereby
made that you cause to be immediately with
drawn and removed from the premises and
place of business occupied by H. E. Corbett.
the premises and place of business occupied by
D. J. Crowley and the premises and the place
of business occupied by Zeke Abrams, the po
lice officers now in attendance at said places
respectively, and you are notified that said po
lice officers are in said places apainst the will
and without the consent of said Corbett, Crow-
round was Cole's, his opponent being
staggered by left swings, which he could
not avoid.
Cox fought Cole to a standstill In the
next round. Cole lost much of his speed
here, his opponent showing the greater,
powers of recuperation. Cole hung on re
peatedly from this point to the end. He
showed remarkable sameness and seemed
on the point of going out several times.
Cox scented victory and seemed to gain
new strength from that fact.
The twentieth round was a sensational
one, each man fighting desperately. Cole
went down once from an overhead swing
but was up quickly. He was trying all
the time, but could hardly see. At the
end both had fought themselves to a
standstill. The referee. Jack Welch, gave
the bout to Cox on points.
POOL-SELLERS DEMAND
WITHDRAWAL OF POLICE
der of the bout, but his opponent, al
though taking a tremendous amount of
punishment, never gave up hope. In the
fifteenth round Cole staggered the Austra
lian Just as the bell sounded the end of
the round. Cox seemed completely bewil
dered and could hardly find his corner, the
whole ring apparently whirling about his
head' The bell barely saved Cole in the
seventeenth round and again in the nine
teenth. .. , ./
When the men were sent together in tne
first round Cole was the aggressor, show-
Ing a neater style than the Australian.
The latter seemed a veteran of the ring,
but his stvle was not that of the modern
school of" boxing. In the second round
he punished Cole considerably, the latter
clucking into a stiff left on the jaw and
getting another in the stomach.
Cox Is Hissed.
Cox was hissed in the third round for
his rough tactics. His favorite blow was
a shortarm swing which he landed fre
quentlv. Cole missed a vicious right
swing.* but Just at the bell staggered the
Australian with right and left to the head.
The fourth round was in favor of Cole,
his opponent hanging on to avoid punish
ment. The fifth was also Cole s round,
as at one time Cox nearly went through
the ropes from the onslaught of Cole. He
recovered near the end of the round and
in a rally hurt Cole, after the men had
fought all over the ring. There was a
EliBht lull In proceedings in th* sixth
round. They went at it lively :<Tain In
the next round, but neither was damaged.
The elphth was give and take, neither be
ing badly punished. Early in the ninth
Cole Etaggered Cox with a left to the
head Cox was doing the most effective
work toward the end of the round.
Both cut loose at once in the tenth and
there was some lively milling. At the
*>nd Cox was tired from the pace at which
he had been made to go by Cole. The next
ley and Abrams. Please retain this demand as
evidence. Very respectfully,
GEO. D. COLLINS,
Attorney for said Corbett, Abrams and Crowley.
The officers report to me that they have
been ordered to remain In possession.
GEO. D. COLLINS.
The cases of Henry Schwartz and others
were again called in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday and continued.
How Celebrities at the Ringside Looked to Caricaturist Warren.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Bill Hanrahan of
this city and Jack Bonner of Summit Hill.
Pa. were billed to fipht twenty-five
rounds at catchwelghts before the Broad
way Athletic Club to-night, but In the
twenty-first round Bonner was put
through the ropes and counted out. Bon
ner was badly cut ud about the face and
both eyes were closed.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. July 13.—John
Nelson's speed and endurance In the
"Golden Wheel" six-day bicycle race at
Charle3 River Park to-night were the
most remarkable seen in a race on the
local track. He clipped out mile after
mile at terrific speed toward the end of
the two hours, in the twentieth mile
Stinson had a bad fall, but remounted
and lost only a lap. At the end of the
first hour Miller had made 34 miles. Pierce
and Nelson, 33 miles 2 laps; Stinson. 32
miles 2 laps. Nelson's distance, at the
end' of two hours was 67 miles % lap,
while Pierce was second with 66 miles 2
laps; Stinson. 64 miles 2 2-3 laps; Miller,
64 miles 2Vi laps.
Total distance for four night's riding of
two hours each night: Nelson, 264 miles
573 yards: Pierce, 254 miles 748 yards;
Stinson, 250 miles 690 yards; Miller, 249
miles 83 yards.
Whipped in T-wenty-First Round.
NELSON FAR IN THE LEAD.
*jp? JJL. that was lacking In the flstlc en-
II \\ tertainment at Mechanics' Pavilion
ft last nicht was a couple of knock
outs and a ring that possessed the
semblance of stability. With these three
attributes the 6000 people, who entered the
Pavilion and saw Jack Moffatt get the
decision over Al Xelll at the end of the
twentieth round, and Tom Cox receive a
stellar award from Referee Welch when
the limit had been reached, would have
been most happy and satisfied with the
entire pugilistic proceedings.
In both fights the referee's decisions
were eminently Just, but so closely fought
were they that one man or the other
might have had them were the slight mar
gin of superiority Inclined the other way.
The public will forgive the absence of
knockouts, but It will not soon forget
the flimsy, roped Inclosuro which went
down In the second round of the principal
evert of the evening, delaying the fight
about thirty minute*. The ring Itself
should never have been put up In a barn.
"With no epace to spare the fighters were
constantly slipping off the stage whenever
they were forced to the ropes. The climax
came when Moffatt went down and In at
tempting to protect himself held on to
the rcpes, dragging ring, support and all
with him.
Fighters Greeted With Cheers.
Great was the preliminary fight between
Cole and Cox and this put the crowd in
sood humor. Ilardly had Referee Welch
announced his decision when Al Neill,
backed by Johnny Mitchell, Mike Sul
livan and the "Big" Lawlor, entered the
ring amid a howl of cheers. Moffatt fol
lowed some time afterward, receiving an
equally vociferous reception. Preliminary
discussions were soon over and the two
men stepped toward the center of the
ring.
The second fight between Moffatt and
Neill showed both in better form and o:ie
of them vastly improved In every par
ticular that makes a fighter. From be
ginning to end, two rounds excepted, Mof
fatt, strong and sure of his own power,
confident of his ability to wear out his
oj'jjonent. bored into Neill. sacrificing the
< b&nces of sudden victory by a well
timed knockout punch for consistent and
recurrent jabs and ricrce blows leveled at
his opponent's body. And these blows had
a tf riling effect. In the fourth round Mof
fatt Bbot out his right, which caught Neill
in the very pit of his stomach. The spec
tators could almost feel the jar as Neill
winced. This gave Moffatt his cue and
his greatest execution was with his right
on N'eill'S body till the end of the fight.
The sensational round was the eighth.
Neill did not like the persistent jabbing
he was forced to take from his antagonist
and started to mix things. At close
riiH^e, nphting his man with both hands,
Neill ru!-;if>d Moffat from one side of the
ra:g to the other. He was over-eager
in bis anxiety to end Moffatt then and
i!.t-re. The- latter was in distress and
li. r*- were many present who were a4
ready counting their money and the Cali
fornian was cheered and cheered.
Moffatt Turns on Neill.
But just then the tide of battle took an
unexpected turn. Moffatt pulled himself
logittii-r in most phenomenal fashion and
tivatcd Neill to some of his own medi
cine. Biff, bang, he came at the Call
iv>rnian. who in turn was forced to the
r< <!>•¦* and for a minute it looked very
much like Moffatt as the winner. Juat
when Neill teemed on the verge of col
lapse he pulled his waning strength to
gtther, and again it was Moffatt's turn
to etep back. For a full two minutes this
wavering rally lasted, and when the gong
s-ounded Moffatt's arms were hanging at
hi= sides and Neill was blowing and limp
with the excess of effort. Neill lost his
passion of blows that were without
chance by an indulgence In a whirlwind
range and without destructive force.
From that round to the twentieth Mof
fatt was at his man with unremittent dog
gedness. There was no getting away from
his vicious right and Neill was constantly
weakening- under the well directed blows.
In the last round Neill, grown desperate
at the prospect of defeat and with the hope
of a rapid finish by a grand coup de grace,
went after his man and he found him.
With right and left he was working Mo»
fatt first in one corner and then in an
other. The spectators were up in their
teats shouting themselves hoarse. Again
It looked a bit like Neill, but Moffatt re
peated his recuperation performance and
held off until the gong sounded. The last
blow was a stiff left from Moffatt, which
caught Neill full in the face. Neill was
bleeding from a gash over his right eye,
his face was badly battered and his stom
ach was raw with the beating adminis
tered by Moffatt's strong right. Moffatt
was not pretty to to look at. He, too,
though not disfigured, had received a few-
Jolts that will serve to remind him for the
next few days of the fact that he was in
a tight.
The Ring Collapses.
The second round brought the downfall
of the ring. Moffatt rushed Neill to the
ropes on the south side of the ring and
Neill swinging quickly around changed
positions. It was then that Moffatt
clipped off the stage while drawing back
end the ropes went with him. Just a half
hour was consumed In readjusting the
ring.
Up to the fourth round the honors as far |
bs hitting- went were evenly divided, i
though Moffatt seemed surer of himself
and confident of ultimate victory. At this
Ftage of the game each man was reaching
for the other's head, making the ohin
the objective point. Then came the Hrst
body blow, which Moflatt scored on Neill,
and from this time on till the end that
was Moffatt's strong play. It was very
much like the way George Green wont at
McKt-evcr, whipping in his right over the
heart with slow, sure, steady and appre
ciable effect ,..,,«
I- torn that point to the flghth Moffatt
f..upht cautiously, measuring his distance.
an<i Workine both right and left with good
t-JTeot Neill was always there and
ready to iipht back, but he seemed
to fc-ar the other man's right.
Ncili was also cautious, forgetting to pose
and lighting hard whenever at close
Some Whirlwind Fighting.
Th^n came a quick, lichtninclikp charge.
Tor tho tim<' caution ml thrown to tn*
winds and a rcjrular whirlwind of blows
rained on thp hVad of Moffatt. who be
came ?o \>r wildfre'd at the onrush of his
opponent that he nearly indulged In a ten
***rr>n<5s' slf-opful abstraction. But Mof
fatt's turn at this pam*» did almost as
much for NeflL Wh'-n thf> third change
came the < rowd was rr-ady for anything.
Th* light proprrpspd evenly from the
eiphth to the twi-ntieth. when the second
great T"n of cyclonic fisticuffs broke
out. It was a drspcrate effort on NelTs
ty.rt. and h<- finished like a tornado. But
Moffatt had boon pteady and sure. Inces
santly battering imj at his opponent's
body all through the riprht from the eighth
to the twetttictbi and the battle was his
own by virtue of the referee's decision.
Cox Gets the Decision.
The preliminary fijrht. between Tommy
Cox of Australia and Willie Cole of this
city, wa.s one et the best exhibitions ol
hoxing ever s^oij here. It went to Cox at
the f-nd of the tw^ntir-th round on points.
From the first tap of the electric timer
until the end of the bout the result was
always In doubt. First one and then the
other of the gladiators In miniature had
the advantage, and so the battle was
n-aced throughout. Cole was the ag- I
rresfor throughout the first ten rounds.
But Cox wouM not give way an Inch. In ;
the twelfth round Cox had Cole In diffi
culty, when the latter turned the tables
yu him momentarily. Cox came back again
and fought Cole to a standstill.
Ccx was the aggressor tor the remaln-
Cox Wins From
Cole in the
Twentieth After
a Desperate
Battle.
Both Boxers Show Improved Form Over That Displayed at Their
First Meeting— Neill Has the Chicagoan in Distress in the Eighth
Round, but Through Eagerness Fails to Reach a Vital Point.
MOFFATT GAINS DECISION OVER
AL NEILL IN TWENTY ROUNDS
¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
5
Concert at 7:30 this evening.
July f4*
To get these big price concessions you must buy before thz
closing hour to-night.
I La Felicidad, 2 for 25c \
i Cigars, on sale to-day- \
i Saturday i
I 4 for 25c. i
men's All- £Z\ f%
Wool Suits JjtjL jM.
. %pS?sj &%#n / /fi\ ' lit ! ' ' '\
Serges, Cheviots and Cas-^fe P^VoS. Ml ! ' ~ ' ! fwi
simere^ in this season's u**\ :||| Ili^y/i^t^?-*^ \3v 'mH VrS/*
newest patterns; round //^^tK'l^P*^ 3^ 1
or double-breasted sack [^vImH^VV\ - M 8
coats or cutaway frocks ' >v W$
— 25 styles to choose WBIWi$&y!^y ')&¦%'$
from — perfectly cut, J^^ I \ f Atwwkii t^ I* '£
nicely trimmed suits. fmjl *| Uf \ -t
Until 10:30 to-nieht. M W §1 W || *t
special price^^, G5 llm >| j 11 '¦]
Men's Wool Pants &jj 1| / \ I if
$1,45 — Neat pat- ffl §1 JJ !L-cb»'^
terns, strongly made — per- feji Jf^^T \~j ¦ $3". ' i »** '
feet pants that should ba — "^£S\ :F
$2.00 or $2.50, to-day $1.45. W @T
Boys 0 3 'Piece Suits, $4.95— Sizes for 10 to 16 years,
knee pants, coat and double-breasted vest, good assortment of pretty patterns
'this season's) in all-wool fancy Cassimerea. To-day only.
Boys' Long Pants Suits, $5.45— All-wool, durable
Cassimeres, light, dark and medium colors, single or double-breasted vest; also
a line of all-wool blue Cheviot suits, with double-breasted coat, our regular
fair price, $7.50, the very special price to-day, $5.45.
Mercerized Socks, 3 Pairs for BOo— Look up'M
like silk, uretty coloring3, b!ue3, drabs, cardinal, etc. JftllM
Eoys' S1.OO Stra iv Hats, 39c— Rough braid, white .Syr * \
with colored bands, and fancy mixed with fancy bands, to- &;& \
day only at above price. J r |l ¦ ?
Porcato Golf Shirts, 48c— Good patterns, separate fr:J
cuffi, to-day on ; y at this price. j$%/ /v
Men's Balbriggan Underwear, 39c— Shirts or /&/. s5% **
Drawers, closing out three of our be3t selling lines at this f*jf y^^^
price. ttl '~jr<
Book Saie — Large-type edition of the best works
of famous authors, printed on a superior quality of paper in
handy volumes, colored frontispieces and etched portraits of
authors, Japanese inlaid veneer binding, designed in gold and
colors. Publishers' price 50c — our price to-day (Sat- '
urday) 22c
In Ladies' Departments
These Offerings for To-Day.
Standard Percales 7\C |30c Wa?h Crepon3 2Oc
B'eachei Sheeting, 2* yards wide.2i?£c 40c Bourette Zephyra 23c
ojc Ribbcm for 19o JSl.CO Embroidered Flannels 6So
2 c Dress Linings - f/c i Ostrich Fans that were $1.75 to $6.00,
20c Piquea 1 1Oc j now half price.
2?c Japanese Crepe* 13c Lace _Robes and Suit3, now half
Cretonne Table Covers— 18c priCD.
Lidies' 25c Handkerchiefs 11o Commenced Pieces Art Linens that were
2oc Curtain Chains, pair. 5c 50c to $5, now half price, and
20c Printed Corded Batiste 12 C many more equally as got J offerings.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.From the way the forest fires are raging just now,
it is literally correct to refer to forest preservation as
a burning issue.
Marvels, it seems, will never cease. A new railroad
is to be constructed in Mexico and there is absolutely
nothing to indicate that Huntington has anything to
do with it.
Since the Republicans of Berkeley have indorsed
Mr.. Waste for State Senator, it is fair to assume that
he will not live up to his name should he get the
office.
•Diplomacy is certain' that we arc not at war with
China, but concerning every other phase of the situ
ation it admits a degree of. uncertainty that is painful.
TiHman's insistence that the constitution follows the
flag is evidently designed for export only and not
for domestic use in South Carolina.
If you have not registered yet it is up to you to
strike a bee line for the Registrar's office and get there
before the rush.
At least one invitation to participate in the ap
proaching festivities of the Native Sons will not be
accepted. When the committee of celebration asked
General Geary to take part in the demonstration the
gentlemen forgot, perhaps, that General Geary has
been dead for twenty-seven years.
The failure of conspirators to blow up the Kingston
penitentiary a few days ago is probably a matter of
the deepest congratulation to those convicts who were
not sentenced to capital punishment.
• v
Famine sufferers, it is said, are increasing in India
at the rate of 25,000 a day. This is perhaps one of
the commentaries on English civilization which Eng
lishmen do not care to discuss.
Nome diggings are very rich for those who strike
them in the right place, but a majority of the adven
turers who go there would have done better to stay
at home and dig potatoes.
A SPECIMEN DELEGATION.
\A ASSACHUSETTS is clamoring to the coun
/ \ try to listen 10 her indignant repudiation of a
majority of the men who went from her bor
ders to Kansas City to rcnominate Bryan. She ad
mits that the men are citizens of her commonwealth,
but denies that they are representative citizens. She
will not even concede that they are representative
Democrats, and insists that they be regarded as
freaks, irresponsible themselves, and for which she is
not responsible.
A correspondent writing to the New York Post
for the purpose of making the matter clear to the
readers of the metropolis says: "This Massachusetts
delegation left Boston, as is generally known, at noon
on Saturday. The baggage-car was stocked with beer,
whisky and other alcoholics. With exceptions, which
are numerically trifling, the whole party promptly
proceeded to get drunk. * * * A disposition to
fight soon developed among the party, for which an
opportunity was afforded by the charge that the Ver
mont delegates, who had a car attached to the same
train, were helping themselves too generously to the
Massachusetts refreshments. This charge was de
fiantly hurled back, and in words on both sides that
could not be mistaken for even brutal humor."
The route taken by the festive Bryanites was by the
Grand Trunk through Canada. As soon as ' they
crossed the line some of the delegates began waving
green flags, and when they reached Toronto those who
were able to get out of bed inarched about the station
cheering for the Boers. It was when theytarrived at
Kansas City, however, that the height of the glory
was reached and their brilliance was made most man(
fest. Thus we are told that as soon as they were
shown to the rooms assigned to them at the hotel
"one of the party, who occupied one-ninth of a room
opening out on a balcony over the main entrance,
went out there and without waiting for the formality
of an introduction began to address the crowd as
sembled below. He said he had come to bring the
greeting of Boston to Kansas City. He referred to
McKinley's majority in Boston four years ago, but
told his audience he could guarantee a 10.000 maj'ority
for Bryan this time. They cheered lustily. He went
on to added flights of eloquence in praising free sil
ver and berating imperialism, when suddenly, to the
surprise of his hearers, he shifted his ground by tell
ing them that he was speaking just to introduce a new
citre for corns."
Is it any wonder Boston protests? When an osten
sible representative of her culture goes forth to speak
for Bryan and winds up by advertising a cure for
corns it is time for indignation at the Hub. Had the
gentleman said something about beans or codfish the
word might have been pardoned, or even applauded,
but "corns"— never.
MARYSVII.LE DEMOCRAT.
The time has come to say something upon the place and function of the news
paper In society. Wo by no means magnify the press. We do not ascribe to it the
obsoletion of the pulpit, nor of the schools, nor claim that it assumes the duties
of the individual conscience. But we do feel that the press is on equal standing
with the pulpit, school and individual conscience in guardianship of the purity and
morals of society. Without insisting that all newspapers take this view of their
duty and place, and we are painfully aware that too many become the promoters
of immorality, we must still remind the public that in that respect newspapers are
exactly like men and women, many of whom are conspicuous moral forces teach
ing by example nnd precept, while some are promoters of vice. The latter are dan
gerous in proportion to their social position, just as a newspaper that may be so
cially classed with them Is dangerous by reason of Its command of publicitv —
San Francisco Call.
The Democrat concedes that The Call has taken a stand to be commended and
it has exercised a potent influence In San Francisco during the past two years. It
has exposed crooked politicians and dishonest officials, without regard to party or
the standing,pf men. t
STOCKTON RECORD,
NAPA REGISTER.
, The San Francisco Call Is to be credited with a good piece of detective work
in bringing to book a self-confessed scoundrel, John M. Chretien. It was a start
ling expose of crookedness that The Call made, and was to the effect that the
attorney (Chretien) appointed by Judge Troutt to represent the absent heirs in the
Joseph Sullivan estate had foisted a bogus heir upon the court and swindled
riglit and left in carrying out the trust committed to his hands. Judge Troutt lost
no time in starting the wheels of investigation — appointed Garret McEnerney and
Reuben Lloyd to assist in the sifting, and put the protesting Chretien on the stand.
In probing tor the truth Mr. McEnerney's sharp questioning soon had Chretien on
the defensive. The witness was wobbling wnen court adjourned for the day.
Tuesday. That night his home was kept under the eyes of the police. This was
fortunate, as the bird had planned to escape. "Wednesday, when Chretien again
took the stand, he coolly confessed— acknowledged that he had paid "Young
Dutchy" Hansted, a notorious rascal, to procure a bogus heir to the estate of
Joseph Sullivan, had coached Dutchy's heir, had imposed him on the court, had
procured an ignorant colored janitor named Colthorp to sign the name "John
Sullivan" to various papers in the case, and sold the false heir's interest to Jake
Rauer, the collector; had received the money therefor from Rauer and divided It
with "Young Dutchy," and had committed flat perjury the day before on the wit
ness stand. "Whatever wrong has been done has been done by me. and I am the
only one to Buffer," said he. Judge Troutt knew nothing of the man's crooked
character when he appointed Chretien, the only applicant for the attorneyship.
Chretien now occupies a cell in jail, and will, of course, "go across the bay."
The court has vindicated itself, leading members of the San Francisco bar have
confirmed public confidence in their honesty, and The Call has performed splen
did service for the people. Proceedings of this sort are calculated to put an end
to the robbing of dead men's estates
Is the looting of the estates of decedents such a disgraceful crime In San
Francisco that It should cause a sensation in that city? In the play of "East
Lynne" an actor, who represented Sir Francis Levison, was accustomed to solil
oquize, while the manacles were on his hands and he was on the way to Jail*
"Is murder a disgraceful and ungentlemanly crime?" San Francisco has had
so many cases of estate looting that public sentiment has been as badly de
bauched on the subject as Levlson's conscience was on the subject of crime in
ge«ieral.
Lawyer Chretien Is a victim as well as a villain. Without the fame to get
into a big case like that of Fair and its kind, and probably also without the
ability to "hold up his end" in conducting; such a case, he -went about trapping
smaller game In the estates of obscure Strangers. His "raw" work came to
notice in the office of The Call and that paper put men on his track, in three
days they had him before the court he had deceived and on the fourth he was in
jail after having confessed his guilt in open court.
It may be a mere coincidence, but the occurrence of the name of a notary
in the Chretien fraud, after having been prominent In the Craven-Fair cases
looks peculiar. That name has bobbed up in strange places during a dozen
years and not always serenely, but it appears to bo able to maintain a position
from which to bob after enough has occurred to cause it to court obscurity
The difference in abstract morals between Chretien's methods and those of
some other lawyers is one of degree rather than of guilt. It is also a difference in
skill and shrewdness. The instruments he employed were clumsy and the methods
were crude— probably like his knowledge of law— and he is in jail as much because
of his lack of skill as for his lack of honesty. The beginning is good, however and
if The Call will only take up that line of work it will be likely to find it as rich in
news treasure as Nome beach is in nuggets.
• •
WOODLAND DEMOCRAT,
We have been watching with much interest the development of the conspiracy
case among certain unscrupulous lawyers in San Francisco, who no doubt would
have consummated the robbery of the unprotected estate of a dead man but for
an expose made in The Call. The charges were of such a startling character that
for a time we suspected that The Call might have overreached itself, but the de
velopments of the last two or three days have demonstrated conclusively that our
contemporary was conservative in its statements and prepared to prove more than
it published. The Call has not only scored a remarkable scoop, but it has per
formed a service for the public the value of which cannot be overestimated
FUNCTION OF ThjE NEWSPAPER.
BACKSTAN'DING WAGES— A. R., Sa
linas, Cal. The law of California does not
limit the amount that a man may sue
for should the debt come under the head
of "backstandlng wages;" but there Is a
law that regulates the amount that may
be collected under an assignment. In such
a case the amount that may be collected
is limited to J10O. To answer the question
more intelligently It ia necessary to know
for what class of work the wages were
earned. The precedence of a chattel
mortgage depends upon conditions.
NEVER DECIDED-T. F. L., City. Tht3
correspondent asks: "If a man rent3 a
house, pays rent in advance, the house
burns down a week after he moved in.
would the landlord have to refund the
balance of the rent or furnish other quar
ters to the tenant?" That is a matter
that has never b?en decided In California.
A decision In the State of Washington
was that the tenant could recover. The
court, however, says that the decision was
not on any cited authority, and that there
is no authority, for the reason that no one
ever questioned the right of a tenant to
recover. A right to recover might depend
on the covenant.
PATRIOTIC EXERCISES- E. R.. East
Oakland, Cal. Section 1702 of the Political
Code of California says: "It shall be tha
duty of all teachers to endeavor to Im
press on the minds of the pupl!.<* the prin
ciples of morality, (the) truth. Justice and
patriotism; to instruct them in the prin
ciples of a free government and train
them up to a true comprehension of the
rights, duties and dignity of American
citizenship." In pursuance of this section
the School Department of San Francisco
has the teachers carry out the Ideas set
forth, and in addition there is an Ameri
can flag In every schoolroom. The pupils
salute the flag every morning and repeat
four lines of allegiance to flag and
country.
MARRIAGE— M. A.. Stockton. Cal. The
law of California requires, in order that
a marriage may be solemnized, that there
must first be presented to the party who
is to perform the ceremony a license au
thorizing the marriage of the parties. Any
one authorized under the law to solemnize
a marriage would not undertake to mar
ry a couple without such license being
produced, notwithstanding tho fact that
"the parties represented that they had
been previously married by a minister but
had lost the license."
There id a provision of the Civil Code
of this State which says: "Marriage must
be solemnized, authenticated and record
eu as provided for in this article (article
2), but non-compliance with Its nro
visiona by other than parties to the mar
riage does not invalidate that marriage."
CALL COMMENDED
For Its Startling Revelations of the Fraudulent Practices
in the Probate Court.
OWING to the large number of inquiries made
whether statistics of the religions of the people
would be taken in the enumeration of this
year, the Director of the Census has found -it neces
sary to issue a circular of information to the effect
that no such statistics will be taken at present, and
that it is doubtful whether they will be collected at
all under the present act.
By way of explanation the circular states that the
census act divides the inquiries to be made into two
groups. The first of these includes those subjects on
which information can be obtained through the
agency of the census enumerators, while the second
includes subjects which can be dealt with without
the aid of enumerators, by correspondence, or by the
use of special agents. The seventh section of the act
restricts the first group to "inquiries relating to the
population, to mortality, to the products of agricul
ture, and of manufacturing and mechanical estab
lishments." The reports on these subjects are to be
"published not later than July i, 1902." The eighth
section provides that "after the completion and re
turn of the enumeration and of the work upon the
schedules relating to the products of agriculture, and
to manufacturing and mechanical establishments pro
vided for in section 7 of this act," that is, after -July
1 1902, "the Director of the Census is hereby au
thorized to collect statistics relating to" several sub
jects specified, of which one reads: 'To religious
bodies."
It will be seen that under the terms of the act noth
ing can be done this year except in a preparatory way
for taking a census of religious organizations.
Moreover, the Government cannot undertake to col
lect such statistics by enumerators, for it docs not
concern itself with the religious opinions of its citi
zens, and has no right to inquire into their religious
faith or ecclesiastical relations.
The church statistics of 1S00 were obtained by a
special inquiry made by means of schedules placed in
the h.-tfids of competent persons in each of the minor
ecclesiastical subdivisions of the various churches.
The director of the present census is authorized to
make a similar inquiry after the regular census work
is over, but he is not required to do so. In his cir
cular he says: "The value of a religious census of
the population of the United States is somewhat
probieryitical. The publication of the volume in
which the statistics of churches are contained has
exerted, so far as can be judged, no appreciable in
fluence upon the religious. thought or life of the na
tion." t.
It appears, however, the Director has not yet de
cided whether or no he will undertake the collection
of such statistics when the proper time comes to do
so, for he concludes b3' saying: "This is a subject
which wilt bear serious consideration and discussion
on the part of those more particularly interested in
this inquiry, and any suggestions relating to it, ad
dressed to the Director of the Census, will be wel
comed."
A CENSUS OF RELIGIONS.
LIBERTY FOULARD DRESS.
The dress represented is of white ground
foulard, with nasturtium colored flowers.
The bolero corsage has braces edged with
vellow guipure insertion, the yoke and
iront are of bouillonnee mousseline de
sole. The skirt is made with small pleats,
widening from the waist behind.
WHEN WtBSTER DAVIS SPOKE.
Then up ro«e Webster Davis,
And nodded to the roars,
Atid gave his helpless hearers ¦
His lecture on the Boers.
Then he sang to "Old Hundred"
In plaintive melody;
"Oh, William Jyan Brennlngs
Is the candidate for me.
"No, no; I don't mean Brennlngs —
I suffer from the heat —
But Wenning- Brilliants Jyan —
I'll save him from defeat.
"For with him as our leader
Our march shall never pause.
Hail! Jllllain Bryning Wennans
And his see frllver cause.
"Hurrah for Oom Kraul Puger,
Who has our sympathy,
And "Willing Jynam Brennans,
Who'll march to victory."
As on and on he rambled,
The delegates would screech:
"It seems that Debster Wavis
Has kopjes In his speech."
— Josh Wink in Baltimore American.
INJUNCTION GOVERNMENT.
ONE notices the extreme satisfaction of the Ex
aminer in the issuing of an injunction to re
strain the renewal of high rates by the South
ern Pacific Railway in the San Joaquin Valley.
The people \}ill see in this a most radical inconsis
tency. The Bryan platform, supported by the Exam
iner, denounces the use of the injunction as a tyranny,
fraud and usurpation of power. The Examiner's
party proposes to abolish the injunction and deprive
property of the protection of that writ. The courts
deal with property to protect it. The railway takes
the money, the property of the people, for perform
ance of a necessary service in its capacity as a quasi
public corporation. The court by injunction forbids
the corporation taking by that process an undue
amount of property for the service performed. The
court therefore is simply protective of property,
whether against the greed of a corporation or destruc
tion by a mob. Rights are equal. As the writ re
strains a corporation from despoiling others, it also
protects the property of a corporation against at
tack. The Examiner cannot say that its party intends
to leave the injunction standing for use against cot>
porations. but deny its shelter to them when attacked.
\i abolished for one the injunction disappears for all,
and we request the citizens of the San Joaquin Valley
to cast about and find what protection they will have
against a raise in rates if the election of Bryan destroy
and abolish the judicial injunction. We ask. also,
that the people who farm in the valley of the Sacra
mento, Feather. Vuba and Bear rivers to consider
what resort they will have against destructive hy
draulic mining when the injunction is destroyed.
They have lived ar.<l farmed these many years under
government by injunction. Do they desire to quit
and live under government by Bryan with no injunc
tion?
J. M. Larue of Stockton .is registered
at the Grand.
Clarence Russell, a capitalist of Albany,
N. Y., is at the Palace.
D. L. P. Mullinlx of Washington, D. C,
is a guest at tho Lick.
William McDermott, a mining man of
Redding, is at the Grand.
Richard Johnson and family of Los An
geles are at the Occidental.
Charles T. Tullock, a contractor of Oak
dale, is registered at the Ltck.
G. L. McCandless, a well-known drug
gist of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
George F. Blck and wife, -well known
people of Stockton, are registered at the
Lick.
M. C. Mayer, a prominent merchant of
Chicago, accompanied by his wife and
daughter, is a guest -at the Palace.
Professor Charles P. von Oer, the vio
linist, who has been spending some time
in Northern California, has returned to
this city and. is at the Windsor.-
PERSONAL MENTION.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SPANISH IN SCHOOLS— A. T. T. S..
City. Spanish has been discontinued at
the Business Evening School at Buah and
Stockton streets.
WHEN DUE— J. B.. City. A btll dated
June 10, bearing the words "6 per cent
off, ten days," would be due ten days
after date, when 6 per cent would be de
ducted from the amount of the bill.
NO OFFICE HERE— O. F. R-. Fruitvale.
Cal. The records of the Insurance Com
missioner for California fail to show that
the Prudential of New Jersey has an office
in San Francisco.
E. J. MORGAN— F. F. S. Jr., City. E. J.
Morgan, Henry Miller's leading man. was
with the Miller Company in this city dnr
ing the last season. His engagement was
for two weeks, being a special one to ap
pear In "The Liars."
MOONLIGHT SERENADE— A. S.. Be
nlcia, Cal. The serenade that was suns
in the "Three Guardsmen" at the Tivoli
some time ago by Helen Merrell and
chorus girls who were dressed as cavaliers
in red was "The Moonlight Serenade."
FREE EVENING SCHOOLS-S. A. B..
Sulsun, Cal. There are several public
evening schools in San Francisco. They
are open from 8:15 until 9:15 o'clock. This
department cannot advertise private
schools that will receive pupils at night.
FLOATING THE FLAG— E. R.. East
Oakland, Cal. The rule of the Board of
Education of San Francisco directs that
the principals of schools shall order the
American flag raised on schoolhouses on
all legal holidays, and on such other days
a9 may be ordered by the board, the presi
dent of the board or the superintendent.
USED BT FORAKER- A. G. R.. City.
Ex-Governor Joseph B. Foraker of Ohio,
in nominating William McKInley for Pres
ident of the United States at the conven
tion In St. Louis. June 1*. 1306. used the
language asked about. It was: "If we
make no mistake here the Democratic
party will go out of power on the 4th day
of March, 1SS7. to remain out of power
until God, In his Infinite wisdom, shall see
fit once more to chastise his people."
THE PRESIDEXCY-A. B. C. Elm
hurst, Cal. In case of the death of Presi
dent McKInley before his term of office
expires the vacancy, there being: no Vice
President, would be filled by the Secre
tary of State. In case of that official be
ing disqualified, or unable to act, the of
fice would go in succession as follows:
To the Secretary of the Treasury, Secre
tary of War, Secretary of the Navy, Post
master General. Secretary of the Interior
and Attorney General.
<ew York Herald.
UNCLE SflM— SAY, EOYS, Wh}Y DON'T YOU RIDE fJN UP-TO-DflTE WHEEL?
SATURDAY JULY 14, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAXAGRirS OFFICE •' I^ r -H'^*L-J^^L3Ei
rJlMLICATIOX OFFICE.. Market nnd Third, S. F.
T>I«-iilione l»rc«B 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 StereniOB St.
Telephone Prewa 202.
Delivered *t C«irrler«. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Silicic Copies. 5 Cent*.
Termn l»y Mnll. Including I'ontaset
DAILY CALL, (Including Purday). one year JJ-Nj
PAILY CALL, <lnc!udins Sunday). 6 months *-y2
PAILY CALL, (Including- Sunday). 3 months 1.50
PAILY CALL— By girdle Month «e
6UNI>AY CALL One Tear '. }•*>
WEEKLY CALL One Ye«r LW
All poatmnatera are nnthoriied to receive
¦abacrlptlonii.
Fample ccples will be forwarded when requested.
OAK I AM) OFFICE HIS Broadway
C GEORGE KRCGNESS.
Marager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lens Distance Telephone "Central KU."}
BRA \rH OFFICES -5!7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
crttl $:S0 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. *33
McAllister-, open until »:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
1:80 o'cJock. JWl Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, rpea until 9 o" clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. JOS Kleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-»eeccd acd Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
THE PROBATE FRAUDS.
IT is not with any feeling of exultation that The
Call directs attention to the unfolding of proof
after proof of its charge against the robbers of the
estates of the dead.
We would rather have been able to point to the
safety of such estates in the keeping of our courts and
their officers, the members of the bar, and to have
exalted the fame of our city. But we realize that the
only way to secure such a praiseworthy condition and
maintain the fame of this city for care in handling that
property which must pass the courts from the dead to
the quick is by pursuing the rascals who have made a
vocation of stealing estates between the dead hand
and the living.
The offense which we have found to be rife here is
one of the most serious forms of attack upon prop
erty. All the property of a State goes through the
Probate Court once every generation. The owners
and winners thereof live their day and pass, a part of
that ever marching procession which does its work
and goes hence. The property of the people that is
dropped every hour by the dead is in the custody of
the courts. They guard its passage to those to whom
it belongs. They keep its title good and serve thereby
the interests of all future owners. They handle per
sonalty and realty alike. If frauds can steal personalty
they can steal realty, and easily can corrupt the titles
to estate until transactions in realty will become pre
carious, because the courts were subject to criminal
imposition in the probating processes.
It will be easily seen that if such frauds go unex
poscd and unchecked the value of real property de
clines, since certainty of title is the prime element in
value.
Therefore, looking far afield from the interests of
individuals, those of the State are involved in the
most serious way.
These considerations impressed themselves on The
Call, and it saw its duty in line with the good name
of the city and State, the fair treatment of the courts
and the punishment of those who impose upon the
bench that they may steal the property of the dead.
Our readers who have followed the case have no
ticed that it has disclosed a matter of great interest
relating to journalism. The parties whom we accuse
went into court crying out against sensational and
yellow journalism, and striving to identify what The
Call has done with that offensive and malicious policy
of the yellow press, which, in search of cents and sen
sation, attacks indiscriminately everybody intrusted
with public responsibilities, or who happens to step
into the focus of public attention. That sort of jour
nalism, as we have often insisted, is the most potent
partner of crime. It dulls the public sense, and finally
makes it safe for any rascal to class himself with the
decent victims of sensational and yellow journalism,
get public sympathy and escape punishment. We may
confidently appeal to our readers and the public to
be entirely differentiated from that class and kind of
journalism. We have recently said something about
the place and function of a newspaper as a member of
society, a part of the community and one of its legiti
mate forces. We apply the principles then laid down
to the probate frauds. A newspaper is among the
social forces, and so is an attorney at law. Suppose
an attorney, an officer of the court, had been cogni
zant of the forgeries, perjuries and frauds which we
have exposed, and had kept that knowledge from the
court and the public, would he not have failed of his
duty as a member of the bar, and still more grievously
as a member of society?
Having to a great extent the same social and pub
lic responsibility as a lawyer, we detected these frauds
and exposed them, not for a news sensation, nor to
attack any one, but to do our duty.
Here, then, appears the line of difference and part
irg of the ways between yellow journalism and decent
journalism. The yellow variety has in view harming
rather than helping society. Its purposes are purely
selfish. It has no interest in social amelioration, and
would rather promote than prevent crime and abuses,
for it has to invent them if they do not exist, in or
der to gratify the rank and morbid taste which sup
ports it. So finally its sensations make the public in
different, and it becomes the refuge and protector of
scoundrelism.
We think we have made the difference plain. The
Call's established ways made it all in vain that the
parties to these probate frauds cried out that our
charges were yellow and willful and made for the sake
of sensation. The bench and bar knew better, and
the whole city knows better, and all citizens who ap
preciate the need of absolute honesty in probating
estates know better.
When we get through with these culprits the es
tates of the dead will be safer. The admonition will
go out to all who touch them. The senseless delays
and subsidiary actions and waste of estates in litiga
tion that ought not to be will occur less frequently,
and the surviving families of the dead will not be as
likely to have spoliation added to bereavement and
beggary to sorrow, as now.
T "'HIS is Bastille Day. On this day, one hundred
and eleven years ago, the people of Paris de
stroyed that cruel stronghold of monarchical
tyranny, the Bastille Prison; on this day, after
months, nay, years of agonizing throes,, the French
Revolution was born. To that Revolution the states
of Western Europe owe what measure of freedom
they enjoy to-day.
The taking of the Bastille is one of the most dra
matic events in the history of that most dramatic of
nations,\the French. It contains elements enough for
a dozen poignant/tragedies, — love, .hope, rage, despair,
loyalty, treachery, cowardice, courage, brutality,
heroism, ambition, revenge. Perhaps no single day
in the history of the world has witnessed on so large
a scale so terrific a display of human passions in their
utmost intensity.
For the awful bloodshed and slaughter of that day
the people of Saint-Antoine were far less responsible
than were the rulePs of France who had made these
people what they were, — not a little lower than the
angels but a little lower than the brutes that perish.
The remembrance of centuries of "perfidious wrongs,
immedicable woes" could be wiped out only, in blood.
Not those who shed this blood but those who
wrought these wrongs and woes were the real crimi
nals.
As one looks back upon those troublous days, it is
perfectly evident that only by some such deed of vio
lence as the storming of the Bastille could the French
people have kept the little ground they had gained in
their advance against the fortress of Privileged Feu
dalism. On the 23d of June, 1789, Louis 'XVI, in
fluenced by the Queen, the Comte d'Artois and the
Duchesse de Polignac, had attempted a coup d'etat
not less infamous than that which cost Charles I his
life. He prohibited the joint meeting of the States
General, charged them to avoid discussions about the
very questions for which they had been summoned, —
property and cb.ss privileges, — and insisted that they
should deliberate only concerning certain minor re
forms which he professed himself willing to granr.
A portion of the States General, — the Clergy and the
Nobles, — intimidated by the King's threats, withdrew
from the joint session; the Third Estate, heartened
by the fiery eloquence of Mirabeau, defied the King
and declared they could be forced from their posts
only by the bayonet. On the nth of July the Court
Party at Versailles, deaf to the mutterings of the
storm gathering in Paris, followed up their threats
with deeds. Forty thousand troops were stationed
around Paris: Necker, the reform minister, was dis
missed and there were introduced into the ministry
four ardent imperialists, Brcteuil, Broglie, Laporte
and Foulon, who had said that the people might "eat
grass." When the news of this reached Paris, the
popular voice gave answer, in no uncertain tones,
through the lips of Camille Desmoulins. "Friends,"
he cried, "shall we die like hunted hares, like sheep
hounded into their pinfold, bleating for mercy when;
there is no mercy but only a whetted knife? The
hour is come; the supreme hour of Frenchman and
Man; when oppressors are to try conclusions with
oppressed and the word is, Swift Death or Deliver
ance forever!" This was on Sunday, the 12th of July.
On Monday all shops were shut save wineshops atid
bakeries; all trades ceased save the making of pikes.
Arms were sought everywhere but in vain; not until
Tuesday the 14th were there discovered twenty-eight
thousand stand of muskets, hidden in the cellars of the
Hotel des Invalides. Then came that assault on the
Bastille whicii makes this day ever* memorable in the
history of France and of the world.
The happenings of this famous day have been
painted in detail by two of our greatest masters of de
scriptive writing, Dickens and Carlyle: to attempt to
retouch after them would be indeed presumption.
Suffice it here to state in Carlyle's words the lesson
which that day teaches: —
"Great meanwhile is the moment, when tidings of
Freedom reach us; when the long-enthralled soul,
from amid its chains and squalid stagnancy, arises,
were it still only in blindness and bewilderment and
swears by Him that made it that it will be FREE!
Free? Understand that well; it is the deep com
mandment, dimmer or clearer, of our whole being,
to be FREE. Freedom is the one purport, wisely
aimed at or unwisely, of all man's struggles, toilings
and sufferings, in this Earth!"
THE FOURTEENTH CF JULY.
¦ . . ¦ : — ¦ :¦;-¦ ¦ .¦«.„
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
• •
6
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). BID Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1043. •
81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery
stores, best eyeglasses, specks, 10c to 40c. -
Cal. elace fruit 30c per lit at Townsend's.*
Alca zar— ' # Camllle."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Op^ra-h"use — "Tiif Pancing Girl."
Columbia— "A Marriage of Convenience."
California— "A Contented Woman."
Tivoli— "The Geisha."
Olympia, corner Mason anil Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute?, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every aftemom and
evening. ,
Fi8"her>- ' Martha."
Jt«-r»«tion Park— I>aF«-ball.
French Nutiotial CflefonttoR— At the Chutes.
Sutro H.tths— <)r*>n Nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
Add twenty drocs of Dr. Sle^erfs Angos-
tura Bitters to every glass of Impure water you
drink.
Xeclect of the hair brings baldnes*. Us«
rarlter** Hair Balsam and save your hair.
Illndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 ct».
"It is a disgrace to die rich," said the
sociological student. a
"Maybe so." answered his chum, "but
I'd be willing to take chances on beine
able to exonerate myself."— WashingtonThomas Cooney, 2854 Twenty-fifth street,
was sent to the County Jail for six months
by Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge
of battery. July 4 he gave his wife, Mary,
a severe beating, and as it was not his
first offense the Judge gave him the limit.
Wife-Beater Sentenced.
Clerks Employed by ex-Tax Collector
Sheehau File Big Claims With
Supervisors.
A number of -claims for working over
time aggregating J1S37 50 were filed with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday by
clerks employed by former Tax Collector
Sheehan. The presentation of the de
mands was delayed until Sheehan had
settled ui» several clerical errors which
left an apparent small shortage. Those
who filed demands are:
William L. Cole, 1G0 hours overtime at
75 cents aTi hour, $120; F. Burnett, 1G0
hourf, J120; George H. Hobro, 160 hours,
$120; D. Rosenblum, 200 hours, $150; E. C.
Philps, ICO hours, J120; E. P. Donovan, 200
hours, $150; H. C. Maguire, 240 hours, $180-
F. Lundqulst, 150 hours, $112 50; J. A. Fitz
natrick, 200 hours, $150; William J, Forde,
200 hours, $150; L. Henry, 150 hours, $112 50;
C. E. Broad, 200 hours, $150; H. Koch, 100
hours, $120; Homer Warren, 110 hours
$82 50.
WANT REMUNERATION
FOR WORKING OVERTIME
There will be the usual Sunday excur
sions to-morrow to El Campo, the Uklah
making three round trips for the accom
modation of patrons. As the season- ad
vances the resort is experiencing a return
of its old time popularity and the hills are
thronged every Sunday with family pic
nickers. / -
El Campo.
Peter Kelly, who was convicted b/ a
Jury in Judge Fritz's court Thursday on
a charge of petty larceny for stealing- car
penters' tools on the Santa Fe Railroad
wharr, was sentenced yesterday to pay
a line of $120 with the alternative of 120
days in the County Jail.
Stole Carpenters' Tools.
Rescr ted an Insult.
The long-drawn-out case of Masujl Mi
yakawa, the would-be Japanese reformer,
charged with extortion, was advanced a
stage before Judpe Fritz yesterday after
noon. One of the witnesses was J. B.
Nakada and Mlyakawa prompted his at
torney to ask him questions reflecting
upon his learning. When court adjourned
Nakada met Miyakawa in the corridor
outside and struck him a violent blow on
the jaw, knocking off his plug hat.
Friends interfered, but Nakada threat
ened to attack Miyakawa whenever he
met him.
Case in Mogan's Court Stopped Be
cause Witness Could Not Make
Himself Understood.
The preliminary examination of Joseph
Bresenco on the charge of assault to mur
der for stabbing E. J. Becker, bartender
in the Louvre, Eddy and Powell streets,
about two weeks ago. was commenced be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday. The evidence
was strong against the defendant and a
continuance was granted till Monday at
the request of the defense.
One of the principal witnesses, Joseph
Voshlmaga, a Japanese, could not under
stand the English language, and C. H.
Geffeney, the Japanese interpreter, on be
ing called upon refused to act unless he
was paid. He said he had done it gratu
itously for a long time, but as he had a
wife and child to support he thought it
was time to be remunerated.
Tbe Judge sent for District Attorney
Byington. who agreed to pay Geffeney for
his services, and said he would use his
influence to nave an interpreter appointed
by the Board of Supervisors,
NEED OF JAPANESE
INTERPRETER SHOWN
THE building: up of Market street
continues with pleasing results.
The contracts awarded for the
building to be erected for the Cal
lag-han Estate Company make up a total
cost of over $G6,000. That will provide a
five-story and basement building to grace
the Market and McAllister streets yore.
The Hale Bros, building, on the south
line of Market street, is up to its full
height, and it makes an excellent ap
pearance. Workmen are busy at several
points on iiarket street. 'Hie Van Winkle
building nas been renovated. The five
story building just west of the Claus
Spreckels bulldinp and the structure for
the John Breuner Company will be »ue
next to attract public attention on the
south line of Market street.
Meanwhile the building activity in the
manufacturing section does not slacken.
"W. F. Whittler will put up b. three-story
and basement brick building on the east
line" of Fremont street, north of Folsom,
to cost about $1S,000. William Ede will
build a four-story brick ana steel ware
house at Minna and First streets to cost
$16,000.
The extensive alterations and additions
to the Commercial block on the south
side of California street are underway.
The roof is off and the contractors are
busy. The tenants have not been dis
turbed.
The structure to be placed on the north
line of Turk street, west of Mason, by
Florence A. and \V. II. Deming will cost
about $42,030. It will be six stories high.
The principal material will be brick.
Mary L. Phelan is about to alter and
add to her residence at the southwest
corner of Seventeenth and Valencia
streets at a cost of nearly $30,000.
Plans have been designed for the new
St. Luke's Hospital buildings, which will
stand on the site of the present buildings
at Valencia, Twenty-seventh and Twenty
eighth streets and the San Jose road.
There will be an administration building,
and this will be flanked by four pavilions.
The cost of the entire group will be about
$225,000. The structures will be isolated,
but will have connection by corridors.
The sum of J50.000 has been appropriated
for one of the flanking pavilions, which
avill be the first of the group to be
erected. The hospital will be conducted
in connection with the Episcopal Diocese
of California.
Builders' contracts have been placed
on record as follows:
Richard Bl*nn»rhassett, with Thomas O'Con
nor, for a 14-stnry cottage on Tenth avenue,
cost J1015; W. C. I> BerRe, gruardlan of the
ertate of John Henry Frost, with "SV. R. Ken
ny, contractor. W. O. L« U*>rKe architect, for
a five-room and basement cottage on the south
line of J street, 67:6 feet west of Eleventh
avenue, cost $16(7; Blna P. Ycamans, with
John O. Cook & Co. and Shepard Bros., for a
2-story and basement frame building on the
west line of Taylor street, 137:6 north of Kut
ter, cont $3078; Kan Francisco and Pacific Glass
AVorks. with F. II. Mascow, for a 3-story frame
warehouse en the northwest corner of Fifteenth
and Harrison streets, rent $10,730 f.0; W. F.
¦\VhlttiT. with Merrltt F. Oale. for cutting off
and removal of certain portions of White L,ead
Works and the erection of a 3-story and base
ment brick building on the east line of Fre
mont street. 1S3:4 north of Folsom. cost $18,639;
Max I'osner. with Val Franz, for alterations
to a 2-story and basement frame residence on
the southeast corner of Webster and Paclnc,
cost $4520: Florence A. and W. H. Deming,
with E. Smith, for a 6-story and basement
brick building on the north line of Turk street.
206-3 west of Mason, and also with Brndn &
Clark Iron Works, Gilley & Co., Joshua Hendy
Machine Works. Steiger Terra Cotta and Pot
tery Works. James F. Forderer, George H. Tay
Company, Gas Consumers' Association, Daniel
Leahy and O«rge J. Smith & Sons, for work
on same, total cost $42,653; Callaghan Kstate
Company, with Raymond Granite Company,
Dyer Bros.. McGilvray Stone Company and
M V Brady, for a 5-story and basement build
inir on the southwest corner of Jones and Mc-
Allister streets. cost $66,036 EO; Alice Scott
Smith, with Arthur V. Andersen and K. T.
Letter for 3-Btory frame building, bix Hats,
on the north line of Hayes street, 194:4 east
of FUlmore. cost $13,369; William Ede Corn
pa nv with Vulcan Iron Works, for a 4-story
brick and steel warehouse, on west corner
of Minna and First streets, cost $16,380; Louis
Sloss Jr..' with Cahill & Hall Elevator Com
pany for five elevators, chutPB. hatchways and
pumping system for building on corner Fre
mont a-nd Mission streets, cost S11.36j; W. B.
Bradbury, with Wybro-Hendy Company, elec
tric elevator In building on corner Van Ness
avenue and California street, cost $1450: Ed
ward F Delger, with W. B. Anderson, stable,
etc on northeast corner of Fair Oaks and
T went v-flf th streets, co»t $2970; Charles Berger,
with Charles Koenlg. for 2-story frame build
in* four fiats, on west line of Minnesota
street, between Twenty-first and Twenty-sec
ond streets, eoRt $1650; Mary L. Phelan. with
Andrew McElrov. alterations and additions to
a 2-story frame residence on the southwest
corner of Seventeenth and Valencia streets.
cost $28 149: Society of California Pioneers, with
Hannah Bros, and Allen & I-ooney. for car
penter and mill work, painting tinting hard
ware glass, gasflttlng. plumbing, marble and
tiling for alterations and additions to third
floor of Pioneer building, cost S53M; M. Dpbner,
with R Rechenbach. alterations and additions
to a frame building on the west line of Fourth
'«reet.l™ feet nortn of Brannan, cost $1900; 'H.
Perazzi with P. A. Antonelll. alterations to
make a 3-story frame building on the north
east corner of Union and Jasper streets, cost
JS40- R H. Gatly. with W. E. Grant, for 2-
Ftorv frame buiiainpr. flats, on west line of
Guerrero etreet, 52 feet north of Eighteenth
cost JSS42; A. Aronson, with M. Levy, for a
6-story attic and basement concrete, brick
and sTeel building, on the north line of Geary
street. 62:6 east of Jones, cost $»200.
The more important loans of the week
are as follows:
Hlbernia Saving and Loan Society to Ida
Precht $16,000 for one year, 6 per cent, on
..„,.. line of Kearny, near California, and south
line of ' Bush, near Hyde; Antolne Borel to
Charles Gallhard. $36,500 for one year at 8
ner cent on south line of Plne % near Kearny.
ond west line of Morse avenCTe, near Pine;
German Savings and Loan Society to San
Francisco and Pacific Glass Works, $33,000 for
one year at 6 per cent, on northeast corner Fif
teenth and Folsom streets: Mutual • Savings
Bank to Joseph Fredericks, $10,000 for one year
at « I>er cent on north line of Sutter. 160 feet
east of Polk; German Savings anil Loan So
ciety ~to Mary C. and George E. Hauni, $.18,000
for one year at 7 per cent on west line of
Mission street, 99 feet north of Fourteenth.
The more important releases of the
week are: .
German Savings and Loan Society to Daniel
B. Hlnckley. Jame» and Daniel E. Hares, east
corner Kolsom and Second streets, 175,000; Hl
bernia Savings and Loan Society to Pelton
Water Wheel Company, east line of Main
street, 2C6:3 west of Howard, $20,000; M. L.
Ryan to AVlllard B. and Fannie M. Farwell,
southeast corner of Steiner and Washington
streetF, $12,000; Mutual Savings Bank to Fred
erick B. and Llgne M. Hultlng, southeast cor
ner of Gfary and Wrbster streets, $10,000; Hl
bernfa Savings and Loan Society to Richard
H. Plummer, lota on Jackson, near Cherry,
Washington, near Cherry, and the northeast
corner of Lyon and Jackson streets, $30,000.
The loans of the week number SI and
amount to $271,397. The releases aro
C7 and the amount I2S1.600.
Sol Getz & Bro. report the following
sales:
51x120, vrest line of Eighteenth avenue, 175
feet north of A street, for *400; 75x100, north
west line of Athens street, 175 feet northeast
of Persia street, for $600; 25x100, south line of
L street, 57:6 feet south of Thirtieth avenue,
for $2^0; 32:GxlOO, northwest corner of Tenth
avenue and L. street, for $1400; 25x125, south
line of Minerva street, 100 feet east of Capitol
avenue, for $125; 50x123, south line of Montana
street, 225 feet west of Plymouth avenue; lot
9 in block C. Getz Addition to Lakevlew.
There is some movement in country
lands. David Bush & Son have sold ten
acres for W. G. Harnett to George West
of Stockton, the lands being near Fow
ler, Fresno County, for $100 per acre, with
the option of ten acres more at the same
price. Mr. West will erect a winery on
the tract that he has just purchased. He
owns other wineries in tne San Joaquin
Valley. The same brokers have sold for
C. H. Williams two and a half acres,
with improvements, situated at Ben Lo
mond, Santa Cruz County, to E. D. Doud
for $2000.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
On Monday next the Commercial News
and Shipping List will celebrate tbe
twenty-fifth anniversary of its existence
as a newspaper. Just a quarter of a cen
tury ago Morris TT. Bates under the firm
name of Bates, Woods & Co. began the
publication of the paper and has con
tinued to administer the affairs of the
paper ever since. Under the fostering
care of himself and his colleagues the
Commercial Mews has grown to be one
of the Influential papers of California and
an acknowledged authority on shipping
The British ship Cralgend arrived from
Newcastle, N. S. W., yesterday after a
smart passage of fifty-six days. The bark
Albert made the. run in sixteen days and
the schooner Aloha in twenty-four days
from Honolulu. Both vessels brought
loads of sugar, while the Cralgend was
Ion (led with coal.
W P. Fuller & Co. filed a libel in inter
vention yesterday in the United States
District Court against the schooner Fi
dalgo to recover $367 fdr materials fur
nished.
The Hawai'an ship John Ena and the
British ship Robert Duncan both arrived
In port last night after sundown.
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Afon Alaw, which ar
rived from Swansea last Thursday night,
had an unusually rough trip of It during
the first part of the run. Captain Thomas
says:
•'I must say that during- an experience
of forty-two years at sea I never exper
ienced anything like such weather in such
narrow quarters."
The vessel was snugged down until she
was under lower fore and main topsail3
and a foresail, but even these were taken
off her or blown out of the bolt ropes and
then she was scudding along under bare
poles at the rate of ten knots an hour.
The Afon Alaw made the run in. 140 days,
which Is a pood average run. It is not in
with the ninety-six day record made from
the same place several years ago by
Captain Thomas in the Merioneth, how
ever. In that memorable run Captain
Thomas started in with a similar pale
and it followed him all the way to San
Francisco.
Under Bare Poles in a Gale.
The steamer Nome City while on her
way from Cape Nome for Portland lost
two of the blades of her propeller in the
ice and was towed into Port Townsend by
the United States revenue cutter McCul
loch. The Nome City was under charter
to come to San Francisco and take a lot
of merchandise north for the Alaska Ex
ploration Company, but the vessel has
now been withdrawn and the goods will
go north on the Ohio about the middle of
next week.
Nome City Breaks Down.
When the children reached this side
again one of the passengers told Sergeant
Mahoney that they had. considerable
money tor such babies. When questioned
bv the offlcer Ray said his mother had
given him the money and told him to ko
across the bay and bring his aunt over
on a visit. A search showed that the
boys had $3 40 between them so that since
starting out in the morning, they had
spent $1 60. All of them were chewing
gum and each had a bag of candy. Of
this sum the Southern Pacific got 90
cents, there was 15 cents for papers, >so
really all the youngsters spent on them
selves was 55 cents. Sergeant Mahoney
confiscated their wealth and then sent
word out to the parents that they would
find the truants at the Central police
station.
Three lads, the eldest of whom is not
more than 8 years old, were cut short In
a proposed outing by Sergeant Tom Ma
honey at the ferries yesterday. Ray Ja
cobs of 511 Van Ness avenue went to his
mother's purse and helped himself to $3.
Then he secured his faithful dog with a
clothesline and leading the animal went in
search of Dick and Johnnie Reese, who
live on Ivy avenue. The trio and the dog
went to the ferries and bought three pa
pers, for which they paid 15 cents, and
three round-trip tickets to Oakland, for
which the company assessed them CO
cents. At Broadway station. Oakland,
they tried to sell their papers, but the
boys drove them away, so they decided to
come back to San Frajicisco. In the mean
time they lost their tickets and had to buy
three more in order to get home.
Were Out for a Time.
The transport Hancock got In from the
Philippines via Nagasaki last evening. She
made the run from the Japanese port in
the smart time of fourteen days, and Cap
tain Struve says she is ready to sail again
at a moment's notice. The Hancock left
Manila on June 15, but was forced to put
back again by a typhoon. She sailed
again on June 19, but at Xagasaki was
drydocked and overhauled. She brings up
seventy cabin passengers, thirty-one in
the second cabin and 547 soldiers. There
were five deaths from natural causes and
two suicides during the rtin from Manila-
Thirty bodies of soldiers who died in the
Philippines came up on the transport.
The Hancock went into "quarantine last
night.
The transport "Warren is also expected
to arrive during the next ten days, and
then the Government expects to send 50C0
men to China or the Philippines. The
Sumner will get away Monday, the Han
cock on August 1 and the Warren on Aug
ust 15 while the Californian will leave
here next Tuesday with freight and horses
and the Aztec will follow her a week later
loaded in the same manner. The Belgian
King and Pak Ling will load at Seattle
for the same ports. All four vessels will
call at Nagasaki for orders.
Hancock Arrives From Manila.
The Californlan's place will be taken at
Folsom-street wharf by the Aztec. The
latter vessel has been rechartered from
the Pacific Mail by Uncle Sam, and besides
her general cargo she will carry a deck
load of horses and mules. The Aztec is
now on her way here from Nanaimo, B.
C, with a cargo of coal, and as Boon as
she is discharged the work of getting her
ready for China or the Philippines will be
gin.
The work of loading the bie steamer
Californian for her trip to China or the
Philippines is keeping everybody busy at
the transport wharf. The stevedores are
working night find day and still they can
not get rid of all the merchandise that Is
being piled up on the wharf. For three
blocks wagons loaded with supplies are
awaiting a chance to get on the wharf,
and still the big freighter is ready for
more. About S000, tons of general mer
chandise will be put into her hold, and
then about Tuesday she will get away for
the Orient.
Five Deaths From Natural Causes
and Two Suicides During the
Voyage — Vessels to Be
Rushed to Orient.
Transport Hancock Arrives
From Manila With Dis
charged Soldiers.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
BUSINESS TRANSACTED
BY LABOR COUNCIL
On the side of the laborers the effects
will be far-reaching. Between 12,000 and
10,u00 men will be affected by the strike.
Carpenters, bricklayers, stonemasons,
plasterers, painters, paperhangers, fres
coers. lathers, glaziers, plumbers, stair
builders, mantel and tile setters, metal
roofers, •will all be out of employment.
Where so many men are concerned, bne
shrewd contractor points out, there is
grave danger of the strike spreading to
other than the building trades.
Among the large buildings that would
be affected are the new postofflce, the
contract for the millwork of which is not
yet let; the Hale Brothers' building, on
Market street, its mill work also not be
ing let; and the Miller, Sloss and Scott
building, on Mission street. Though the
amount of building Is not unusually large
at present, the excellent character of the
buildings being erected would make the
tying up of the trade particularly unfor
tunate.
Should a stubborn contest result be
tween the unions and employers on the
lines in which the demands are made,
the entire building trade would be in
volved. Comparatively little work can
be done on a house until the mill work
is supplied. Th« unions will not let It be
supplied from outside sources, for that
would only result In driving the work
away from San Francisco to the ultimate
injury of labor, l nable to get mill -work
done at home and forbidden by the unions
from getting it done out of the city, build
ers will be unable to turn a hand. Real
izing this, many contractors are making
no attempt to secure new contracts, pre
ferring to wait for the outcome of the
threatened sirike.
'The Building Trades Council." said W.
M. Page, its secretary, "and the unions
will be very sorry If their demands are
refused and a conflict follows. We con
sidered this question thoroughly and be
lieve our demands are reasonable. The
council is prepared to follow its demand
to the logical end. It camiQt be foretold
what will happen, or what decisions the
council will reach, but 1 believe it will
tie up the whole building trade if neces
sary to win the point."
Unions Are Determined.
"We think the demands of the union un
just because they should first be enforced
(rhere the volume of trade is. We come
into direct competition with the furniture
manufacturers of the Kast and lose a
great deal of cabinet work that should be
done here. We do not think it just that
we should have to fall in line on the
eight-hour question until it is established
at Grand Rapids and elsewhere, centers In
which they already have numerous ad
vantages. If we should be forced to it
nil the more of the trade will go to the
Kast and San Francisco labor will suffer
along with the manufacturers. It is* up
to the unions. They must decide whether
they will wa!k out or not. for the manu
facturers and millmen will stand firm."
The furniture manufacturers .are organ
ized into a sort of branch of the Planing
mill Association, some of them being reg
ular members of It. Joseph 1* Emanuel
of the 'West Coast Furniture Company
said for them:
Think Demands Unjust.
San Francisco that would not be glad of
shorter hours for his employes. On the
score of employing only union men we
can never give in to that. It Is too hard
for us to get good men as It is now and
we must be free to take them wherever
we can find them."
That a i.atrol could not be enjoined unless
it prevented persons from havlns access to
the of the plaintiff.
That one person had the right to ask an
other not to work for a third, and he had the
tame right to ask a person not to patronize a
third.
That the only things that could be enjoined
or restrained were threats to commit bodily In-
Jury upon those working for a third person un
less they quit, or threats to commit bodily in-
Jury uj>on another in caee he went to work for
a third person.
The following names were placed in
nomination for the offices to be filled at
the next meeting of the council: Pres
ident, K. L. Clapp: vice president, W. D.
Goff; recording secretary, Ed Rosenberg;
treasurer, Krnest Koenlg; financial sec
retary. C. Parker; sergeant at arms, P.
r$arrett* executive committee, F. Barrett,
W. D. Goff, O. Schultz, O. Sten, Thomas
Wright and J. Kunge; trustees, John
Nugent, J. Schultz, Charles Schuppert
and W. MacArthur; organizing commit
tee. \V. Goff. T. E. Zand, V. Britton, F.
liarrett and J. K. Phillips; law and. legis
lative committee, C. H. Parker, \V. Mac-
Arthur, T. E. Zand and A. Iten.
Appointment of Committees on Vari
ous Subjects, With Nominations
of New Officials Made.
Steps are being taken by the unions to
have a mass meeting In Metropolitan
Hall on Angust 4 at which the object of
the Labor Temple will be intelligently laid
before the general public. A committee
consisting of C. D. Parker, Thomas Wright,
Charles Scuppert and H. Gallagher was
appointed at a meeting of the Labor
Council last night to co-opo-ate with a
similar committee from the Building
Trades Council to make all necessary ar
rangements for the meeting.
The secretary was instructed to com
municate with "the Board of Health on the
subject of procuring better sanitary ac
commodation for the men employed in the
various dairies. The Del Monte dairy sig
nified its irfteiuion of unionizing its estab
lishment.
A resolution was passed in which the
Council declared its intention of issuing
a bovcott against the horseshoeing shop
Of McGee, who Is at present shoeing the
horses for the Fire Department, on the
ground that he employs scab help. In
order that the Fire Commissioners may
have proper information on what the
union requires a committee consisting of
A. Dejeau, H. Gibb, A. R. Andre and
Con Manning will wait on the board at
Its meeting this forenoon.
The ruling held by Judge Seawell in his
decision regarding the boycott on G. M.
Kutz & Co. was pleasant news for the
council. The following extracts were read
and received with much Joy:
Unless Building Trades Council or Employers
Recede From Their Position a Bitter
Contest Will Follow.
cr^p STRIKE of the men employed in
'/\ the planing mills of San Fran-
Jf^^ cfj&*. 'he cabinetmakers and the
varnis-hcrs and polishers, on Aug
ust 13 seems inevitable. If it be
not avoided it will almost certainly spread
throughout the building trades, affecting
probably 12/KKi men and absolutely stop
ping ali building.
The planing mill proprietors and the
furniture manufacturers are organized
and are preparing to resist the demands of
the labor unions for the extension of the
eight-hour rule to their factories and
mills and the unionizing of the labor em
ployed. They gay they will be ready for
a long contest, mough they hope that an
agreement may be reached by which the
trouble will be avoided.
The labor union leaders contend that
they ask only what is reasonable in de
manding that mechanics in the mills and
factories be put on an equal footing with
those of the same classes who work di
rectly on the buildings. Believing their
demands to be just, the building Trades
Council representing 1-.00' men. will staiin
firm for the concession* demanded. Bay the
leaders. , «
Employers Are Organized.
The notices served on the planing mfll
men the furniture manufacturers and the
employers of polishers and varmshers
were sent out sixty days ago, giving the
employers ninety days to fill contracts fig
ured on the present basis of cost of labor.
Since that time the employers have or
ganized, with a cash forfeit large enough
to lr.sure the adherence of the individual
employer* to the association during the
contest that threatens.
Tl;<» jilar.lng mill men's organization in
cludes practically all the mills of San
Francisco. Oakand. Berkeley, San Jose
and Santa Clara. It was formed after the
demands were made upon it l>y the union
for the concessions to be made August 13.
for the express purposo of lighting those
demands. _,„
The president of the association is \\ II
liam < "rocker, proprietor of the San tran
cisco planing mills, and the secretary is
Frank Wilkie ol the Mechanics" Mill. t>.
C 1'iteher and the Union Lumber Com
pany are the onlv San Francisco mill- that
nave not joined the association. There
8-e nineteen planlr.g mills in the city that
have cast their fortunes with the associa
tion.
Hill "Work Being Bushed.
In every mill work on present contracts
1? being rushed, in preparation for closing
down August 13. It Is claimed that work
on buildings for which the contracts have
been let for the mill work will not be af
fected by a strike, if there is one. as the
unions will not Interfere with the con
struction of buildings the mill work for
which 5-haJl have been cornpjeted bv the
date fixed bv the Buildfcig Trades Coun
cil for the "extension of the eig-ht-hour
The attitude of the mill proprietors is
explained by the keenness of competition
in the trad'e. The proprietors say that
It wili be absolutely impossible for them
to compete with the out of town mills
that work theif men over eight hour?,
Fome of them as long as twelve and four
teen hours. The demand of the union has
been made upon the San Francisco and
Oakland mills alone. Even should the
union extend it to other California mill?.
there would still be the competition of
the Portland mills, which the proprietors
do not t-eJieve can be reached by the
union. Should they attempt it by a boy
cott tbe result would probably be a pro
longed struggle between the unions and
The builders that would not produce
definite or satisfactorv results. The plan-
ItnvmlU nr-n argue that the most profit
able branch of mill work is done at the
Kiw mill? and shipped to this market
ready to be used on the building. These
mills are running ten and eleven hours a
day and pay less v.-aees than the mills in
tfan Francisco pay for nine hours.
Would Drive Out Foreign Trade.
As a furtl;pr justification of their
position the j>!animj-mi!l men say that
the fr.rr'r'.i trade which has been quite
expensive to p?tabli?h and has been the
means of keeping a number of mills run
ning when There is very little for them in
the local market is beinp done at a very
close margin, owinp to the competition ot
mills in the heart of the timber belts and
as far north as British Columbia, and as
a result this trade will be driven out of
San Francisco entirely if thf cost of man
facfurinp: is increased in any shajie.
The planing-mill men complain of other
features of the demands made of them
by the ur.ior.. They are notified to union
lif their mills. At present three-fourths
of the men are in the union. Out of about
550 men employed nearly 400 are union
men. The proprietors object to discharg
ing men that are not In the union. An
other demand is that the foreman of a
mill shall only lay out work and shall
not touch a hand to tools himself.
"Tbe planinR-miH' men hope," Frank
¦\Yilkie. secretary of the San Francisco
Planing-mills Association, said yesterdey
afternoon, "that trouble will be averted.
It Is out of the Question, however, for
us to grrant either of the two principal
demands. We would be glad to see the
<-ight-nour day prevail If we did not have
to compete with mills where they work
longer hours. Except for that competi
tion there is not a planing-mill man in
Planing Mills' Association Formed
. to Resist the Demands of the
Labor Unions.
BUILDING TRADES
STRIKE IMMINENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
The condor recently sent to the Park
Commisisoners by George Schwlnn of Hu
ron, Fresno County, was declared yester
day to be the property of Golden Gate
Park by that individual. The fact that
the value of the condor had been variously
estimated in the newspapers at from $1500
to $2000 Induced Schwlnn to Inform the
Commissioners that the bird was not In
tended as a gift, but if a reasonable price
were set on it he would agree to sell. The
Commissioners informed Schwinn that
there were no funds available to buy
birds, so Schwinn relented an* donated
the condor to the Dark.
Condor Belongs to the Park.
tTNUEB BARE POLES IN A HURRICANE.
7
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT liESTOUATIVE. INVIGOUA-
*tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Rrmnriy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Blailder. S»ll» on Us own merits.
NABEIJ. ALKij & BRCNK, Asents.
C3 Market st.. 3. F.— (Send for Circular.)
(£*) CHICME«TER'S ENGLISH
PENNYROYAL PillS
pi _/£"\. <»rlglnnl anil Vn\j GeoutiMW
tr-' .¦sUNBAFE. v.*av«r»ii:«Mii. Ladle*. ¦»* Drarr'rt
ut CmC'HllSTKirS ENGLISH
KE1> u>4 Cold m,-t..:..- boxeo «•.!<¦ 1
-tS'*i( wUhllllier<bl>OB - '»'«'"' »« other. Krf.1 •«
f4 iV . DangeraM "abultMtion* anil Imltn.
fjf tlnnn. But Af jonr Dr-j^n. o.- ..-n-l 4e. in
Jf stampi thr Partlrulert. Te.tlmoaUU
12 not " Rrller tor I.sitl**." m ;-««•. Sy wv.
L' Inm >:»li. l».'HI()!-OT,i:..«. S--'.1 T
-I •:? :-ru;;i»-<. CM-hf.lwC'irmlf.lC.s
Uentloa Uils paper. Uadtoon i-qaarr, I'CiLA., vil
Mrs. Pinkham has
helped a million women
vfho suffered with female
troubles. She can cure
YOU. Her addro&s is
Lynn, Mass.
Write _/ or a book Mrs.
Pinkhsm has fust pub-
lished which contains let-
ters from the mayor of
Lynn, the postmaster of
Lynn and others of her
ov/n city who have made
careful investigation.
The letters from women
are opened by women
only.
They are read by wo-
men only.
They are answered by
women and only women.
The correspondence is
sacredly confidential.
Mrs. Pinkham person-
ally attends to her tre-
mendous correspondence
with suffering women.
'-far trained assistants
dtre all women.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAND BALL, Evenin
ADMISSION," 25 "cents; CHILDREN, 10 cent*.
Literary Exercises Afternoon Begin at 1:30.
ELECTRIC CARS RUN ALL NIGHT.
LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT, PY-
ROTECHNICAL SHAM NAVAL BATTLE
OX THE LAKE: FIREWORKS.
SATURDAY, JULY 14,1900.
ALL DAY ! ALL NIGHT!
AT THE CHUTES.
Fall of the Bastiie !
FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION.
FLORENCE ROBERTS IHOOMAR,
SALE NOW ON FOR NEXT WEEK,
Supported by WHITE ¦WIIITTLESEY In
LAST TWO XIGHTS OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
HYheatre
WEEKLY GALL
61 per Year*
Enlarged to 16 Pages
THE FOUR COHANS
STKLLA MAYHEW: CLAYTO.V WHITE
AND MARIE STUART. Assisted by MIS3
EVA RANDOLPH: QUAKER CITY QUAR-
TET; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH and
LAST TWO APPEARANCES OF
SMITH & FULLER: BARRERE & JUtES;
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAT, JULY 14.
Parquet, 23c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; children,
10c, any part.
A RARE BILLJF NOVELTIES !
DUNNE AND RYLEY'S
ALL - STAR CAST
In the funniest creation on earth.
"AT GAY CONEY ISLAND"
Commencing TO-MORROW NIGHT,
MATHEWS & BULGER
And the full strength of
AT 2:15 P. M. AXD TO-NIGHT H0YT3
A CONTENTED WOMAN
MATINEE TO-PAY
THE HEAT,
who perspires freely, will be ' surprised
when he notes how much longer the linen
done up at our laundry keeps fresh and
cool when the thermometer Is on the ram-
page, than that done up at other laun-
drics. Our hot weather laundry work Is
"done up" fnr keeps, and you save money
by having it den*» here.
"Xo saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offica 1004 Marke? Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Off Sce-363 12th Street.
A SUFFERER FROM
SUTRO BATHS
Open Dally From i a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. tt> M p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing Including Admission. 2jc: Children 20c.
FIXAL MATINEE TO-DAY AT 1
AMTJSEBLENTS.
And Last Two Nlsrhts
of the Enormous Operatic Success
THE GEISHA
Next Week— Revival of WANG
MONDAY. July JO. Gala Opening of th«
GRAND GPERA SEASON.
Watch the Papers for Full Particulars.
POPULAR PRICE?— 2.'c and 50c
Telephone — Bush 9.
"THE LIARS."
SEATS NOW READY.
July 19— First Burton Holmes Lecture Matinee
Next Monday— Fourth Week of
HEXRY MILLER SEASON.
Last Season's Great Comedy Success,
HENRY MILLER
And
A SPKCIAL COMPANY
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
Sydney Grundy's Comedy of Manners,
"A Marriage of Convenience"
MATIN'EE TO-DAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
Prices— 75c, ;>0c. 25c. 13e.
Saturday Matinee — a<V. 23<*. 15c. 10c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Children In Anna Not Admitted.
"THE GREAT RUB T."
Next Week — Auirustln Daly's Greatest
Success.
THE DANCING GIRL
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
BT THE
NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY
MATINEE TO-DAY.
ANOTHER SPLENDID SUCCESS
AMUSEMENTS.
Walter Morosco Solo Lessee and Manager
SPECIAL BARGAINS
Will ,Be Placed on Sale This Day.
Ladies' Shirt A/Vaists, value for 78c, QCft
will be offered at uOb
Black Crepon Skirts, value for $3, QQ en
will be offered at dZiOU
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits, Flare
Skirts, value for $20, will be Q IF fin
offered at dlUiUU
1146 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR COLD DREDOINO PUMPS
1/DArU Were successful at Nom» last
S\S\Vlljn y!>ar. All others failed. In opara-
tlon dally. 3 sstevensoa si. a. V-
17TCpiJr'R»C CONCERT HOUSE.
Third A« of "MARTHA," In English. DEETS
and DON. BABY IXJLLIVEK. ISAUE1XE
UNDEKWOOD and New Moving Itcturea
by EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE.
CAPE NOME
A1ACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Cl - 6 PATEMTS! J
MARKET ST. S.F. **£*/?
Elshth and Harrison Streets.
RECREATION PARK
TO'DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O F*. M.
Oakland,
BASEBALL !
San Francisco
h£W WESTERN MOTEL.
KEARXT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
rcetleled and renovated. KINO, WARD 4
CO. Kuropean plan. I'ooms, iOc to tl 10 day:
Jj to $3 week: JS to JCO month. Free batns ; hot
anj co!d water every room: lire grates in •very
room; elevator runs all nJcht.
vs.
iciANT AIR COMPRESSORS
B ' ...AND...
I CIANT ROCK DRILLS,
ISTEAM ENGINES, HEATERS AND
I CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
B Our reputation among contractors and miners Is evidence of our
N responsibility. Estimates furnished upon application.
I WM. A. HEWITT. P. H. REARDON.
COMPRESSED AIR MACHINERY CO.,
I 11 to 18 FIRST STREET, San Francisco, CaLStanford Trustees Object to a Restau-
LIQUOR LICENSE OPPOSED.
rant Near the University.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 13— A
recent attempt to establish a saloon on
the boundary between Palo Alto and
Stanford University by two members of
the Alumni, has caused much surprise
and Indignation in the community.
While the applicants claim that it is
not their intention to set up a bar, but
to conduct a small restaurant at which
liquor will be sold in connection with
the lunches, the wise ones are of the opin
ion that the resort will in time degenerate
and be in the end a disgrace to the"com
munity.
The Trustees of Palo Alto have taken
the matter in hand and at a recent meet
ing adopted a resolution against the
granting of a license and decided to go
before the Board of County Supervisors
at its next meeting and oppose the appli
cation.
The report became current last night
that the application had been withdrawn,
but later developments reveal the fact
that the projectors are determined to push
their scheme through in spite of the op
position of the community.
The feeling among the University au
thorities is very strong against the project
and much indignation is expressed that
two former students should be Interested
In the affair.
Lecture by Dr. Dille.
Sppclftl Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 13.— Rev. Dr. E.
R. Dille. of Oakland delivered an ad
dress in this city iast night on John Bun
yan. the lecture being one of the series
of five on the famous Johns of rellgrlous
history that is being Riven under the aus
pices of this year's ministerial encamp
ment In this city. The lecture was a
stronpr and scholarly delineation of the life
and character of the writer of the great
allegory. "Pilgrim's Progress," and was
delivered in the speaker's usual clear and
forceful style. A large audience was pres
ent and the speaker was given a very
cordial reception.
m
Wilpret Held.
SONOMA. July 13.— The preliminary ex
aminat on ( of T. A. Wilpret, who shot
and dangerously wounded Charles Barker
on the O"DonnelI ranch a couple of weeks
ago, was held before Judge Cheney
in Glen Ellen to-day. The defendant was
held to appear before the Superior Court
on a charge of assault to commit murder.
Ills bail was fixed at $1500.
Corinthian Disabled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 13.— The Schooner
Bond Sale Ordered.
MONTEREY. July 13.— The Board of Su
pervisors of Monterey County has just
passed an order directing the County
Treasurer to advertise and sell the refund
ing bonds of the Monterey and Del Monte
school districts, to the amount of $20,000
and $6000. respectively.
ORGANIZING BEFORiTERS.
Leung Kough Enlists Many Recruits
in Arizona.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July 13.— Leung
(Cough, rroxa San Francisco, has been in
Phrxmix for several days and ha? suc
peeded In adding many members to th<*
['., IVong V. <»->• or '•hinr-fe Reform party,
lie left 10-day for Tucson and other Ari
zona points to continue his work.
In San Francisco there are 30.000 mem
h,.-< SvikiTi in \'p»- Ynrk 3ii0 in L,o«s Ane"!e?.
500 in Chicago and ltKi.000 more pcattered
throughout the country. Over JliO.oOO.O'W
has been subscribed and most of the fund
has been sent to China. The original ob
ject was to pave the empire from dismem
bf-rment. to depose the Empress and put
Kwang Hsu back in power. Since for
eigners have intervened the aim of the
society will be to first turn its strength
toward expulsion of the powers and then
to the settlement of internal disturbances.
Claim That the Executor Has Failed
to Account for a Large Sum of
Money.
SAN JOSE, July 13.— What promises to
be a spirited contest over the estate of
Adele T. Lefranc, deceased, was inaugu
rated to-day by the filing of a contest and
objections to the final account and dis
tribution of the estate by Marie Lefranc
and Louise Masson, daughters of testator
and heirs to about two-thirds of the es
tate. The executors of the estate are
Henry Lefranc, a brother of the contest
ants, and Paul Masson, but the principal
objection is to the actions of Lefranc, who
is accused of withholding some $60,000
worth of property from his sisters.
Mrs. Lefranc died a few years ago, leav
ing an estate valued at $80,080. This she
divided nearly equally between her three
children. The final account which is ob
jected to was filed April 2 last. It is al
leged by the two daughters that the ac
count does not truly set forth the correct
and full sums collected by the executors,
and that the executors fail to charge
themselves with large sums of money that
have como into their hands. They also
state that Henry Lefranc should charge
himself with an undivided five-eighths of
$4462 received by him, and Paul Masson
with five-eighths of $5332 received by him,
instead of one-half of each of said sums,
as the executors have done.
The contestants further object to the al
lowance of every item in the account. It
is further alleged that the account should
set forth large sums of money and otner
property of great value, worth at least
$60,000, which is a part of the estate of
Adele T. I^efranc. and which was received
and taken possession of during the life
time of Adele T. Lefranc by said Henry
Lefranc, who still has possession of the
same and which he has refused to ac
count for. For this reason they ask that
the account be not allowed, and that
Henry Lefranc be examined by the court
and be compelled to give a true account
of the same.
TRIBUTE TO T. J. FIELD.
Petition Being Circulated Requesting
Him to Run for Supervisor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. July 13.— A petition ad
dressed to Hon. T. J. Field of this city,
one of the most prominent Republicans
in Monterey County, is being circulated
among the voters of this district and so
far is being signed by all, irrespective of
party feelings. The petition asks Mr.
Field to allow his name to be presented
as a candidate for re-election as Super
visor for this (the fifth) district.
The petition is in the nature of a testi
monial of the high esteem in which Mr.
Field is held by his fellow-citizens of
Monterey County and of their apprecia
tion of his splendid work during his long
term as county Supervisor is an honor
such as few men hereabouts have re
ceived. <
m
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— The name of
the postofflce at Deweyvllle, Kern Coun
ty, Cal., has been changed to Wasco and
Joseph R. Glazebrook has been commis
sioned postmaster. K. F. Salnave has
been appointed postmaster at Hooker, Te
hama County, vice W. N. Wade, resigned.
These pensions were issued to-day:
California: Original — Augustus W. Brann,
San Francisco. $6; Gabrle) Johnson, Pasadena,
$6; Fielding W. Robertson. Burbank, $8; Lu
ther Ashley, Yuba City. $6. Supplemental—
John T. McDroom, Los Angeles, $S. Increase —
John F. McBroora, Los Angeles, J17. Original
widows— Jennie W. Hodges, South Pasadena, $8.
Oregon: Original— George M. Irwln, Port
land,. ?fl. . ¦:.:¦:•.'.
Washington: Additional— James H, Ashley,
Brookfleld, |8; - Benjamin F. Davis, Colum
bus, $6. RelBsue— Hamlln B. Williams, New
. Wbatcom. m.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— The Secretary
of the Treasury has received a letter from
G.. Rudolph, living at S25 Broadway,
Brooklyn. N. Y., on the situation at Cape
Nome, Alaska. The department sees no
reason to doubt the trustworthiness of the
story told by Rudolph and suggests its
publication. It is becoming daily more
apparent to the officials that the condi
tions in the new gold Held are almost cer
tain to result in great suffering during
the coming winter, especially as epidemics
of tmallpox and typhoid fever are threat
ened.
Kudolph takes a very gloomy view of
the outlook at Nome, where he arrived on
June 12, and whence he departed on June
20. Of the men working on the Nome
beach, he says not one was taking out
enough gold to pay for his "grub." The
only place where he saw gold being taken
out, he says, was between the beach and
the tundra, and there men were only mak
ing wages of $7 to $10 a day.
This place, he says, is about three-quar
ters of a mile long and it is all taken up
by about 500 men. Like the beach, it is
now nearly worked out.
Along the several creeks, the writer
says, probably 1500 men were at work.
Of general conditions at Nome Rudolph
says:
When I left 20,000 men were in the district
and the only work was unloading or putting up
new buildings. The former tas<k kept about 5i«J
men busy and the building employed 300. When
1 left June 2U between oiKj and 1*0 w«re arriv
ing daily. 1 went up on the San Bias, which
made a trip on to St. Michael, and brought
down 300 men. The Aberdeen, on which I
came back, made two tripi and brought a few
more than 500. Several other boats made one or
more trips to St. Michael and brought more.
There are far more destitute people at Nome
than those on the outside know of. The water
wells 1 eaw were from twelve to fifteen feet
deep and are sure to be contaminated by all
these people huddled together.
When 1 left there were tents twenty feet
deep and about three mites long. Now, you
don't want to forget that it took more than
fifty vessels to bring all these people to Xome,
to "say nothing of over 5000 coming from the
Yukon. There are not inducements for the
steamship companies to send their vessels back
again for a busted mob. You may think that I
am a cold-foot miner, but ask any miner who
was in that country whether he saw any cold
dust in circulation. That la the way to tell a
good camp. In eight days I saw only one man
pay for a purchase with dust. When asked
about it he said that it was from the Klon
dike.
CONTEST FILED BY
THE LEFRANC HEIRS
Corinthian of San Francisco, Captain
Kortz, drifted into port here to-night
shortly after 7 o'clock badly disabled. 8he
experienced a rough time twenty-live
miles west of the Faralone Islands and
her two masts were broken down. This
occurred Sunday morning at 2 o'clock and
she has been all this time in reaching thia,
the nearest port she could make. Part
of a RHil was rigged on a half mast that
was left standing. A tug has been sent
for to tow her to San Francisco.
GLOOMY VIEW OF THE
OUTLOOK AT NOME
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 13.— An important meet
ing of the Sempervirens Club, which is
making an organized effort to save the
redwood forests of the "Big Basin" of the
western slope of the Santa Cruz Moun
tains, was neld this morning at the St.
James Hotel. Hon. William T. Jeter of
Santa Cruz presided, and there was a
large attendance, many being present
from Santa Cruz, San Mateo County,
Stanford University and elsewhere.
Professor W. R. Dudley of Stanford
University and one of the leaders in the
movement made a report of the work ac
complished. He had recently had a con
ference with Gifford Plnchot, head of tho
United States Forestry Department. It
was an able report and exhaustive. He
exhibited maps of the entire section upon
which the names of owners and the as
sessed valuation of the various tracts
were inscribed, and also described tha
minimum and maximum boundaries of the
proposed park, the smaller including the
Big Basin proper and a small environ
ment, some 35,000 acres; the larger includ
ing Pescadero, San Lavigo, Boulder Creek
and La Honda basins, some 75,000 acres.
The valuation of the various holdings
could not be immediately ascertained, but
would be done as soon as practicable.
Addresses were made by Rev. Father
Kenna of Santa Clara College, Hon.
George C. Rosb of Redwood, Rev. A. L.
Brewer of San Mateo, Duncan McPherson
of the Santa Cruz Sentinel. Professor
Wing of Stanford, Professor Volney Rat
tan of the Normal School.
The meeting decided to push a campaign
of education, and to push the movement
to secure the Big Basin reservation in
every way possible. Also to open sub
scription lists asking for contributions
from wealthy men and thus to a fund
that should be put to the aid of the Gov
ernment in the purchase of the tract; in
other words, not to go empty handed In
asking the purchase from Congress.
The executive committee was continued,
with power to appoint other committees,
and do everything they considered neces
sary in carrying out the work.
Subscription Lists Will Be Opened
and Wealthy Men Requested
to Contribute to a Pur
chase Fund.
Important Meeting of the
Sempervirens Club Held
in San Jose. *
PLANNING TO
SAVE TREES IN
THE BIG BASIN
to-morrow and arrive in this city at 6:30
p. m., the encampment' will bo the largest
ever held by the cadets. Military disci
pline will be strictly enforced by Colonel
Power and other officers of the regiment.
The boys will have every opportunity for
having fun. and every effort will be made
t.y the citizens of this city to make their
stay a pleasant one. Parents need not
worry over their absent sons. Many of
them will go in swimming In tho ocean,
which is a stone's throw from the camp
grounds, but the cadets will only be per
miltod to enter the water at prescribed
hours, when a guard composed of mem
hers of the hospital coups will be in at
tendance. Caterer Abrams and his corps
of assistants put in an appearance this
afternoon and prepared a bountiful sup
per for the hungry advance guard.
The boys were delighted in the posses
sion of pie ami sang the cook's praises to
the skies. Their llrst night under the
tents will be remembered for all time.
NoCnne in the aggregation closed his eyes
for a minute. The cadets played all kinds
of pranks on each other and seemed sat
istled to sacrifice their night's rest. J.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SISSOX. July 13. — The train of seven
teen freight cars which broke loose near
Upton last night attained an almost un
paralleled speed. The grade here and for
many miles south Is over a hundred feet
to the mile. The cars that were loose
immediately started down hill and were
not long in attaining great speed, and
shortly after the people of this town
heard the roar of the approaching train.
Before they could hardly realize what
was happening the runaway cars had
passed through at a tiemendous rate of
s«p<?ed all enveloped in a cloud of dust.
The section foreman a short distance
below town put a lar^e four-inch board
on the track to ditch the runaways, but
the speed was so great that the board
was ground to kindling wood. A mile
below here, where the Pioneer box factory
is situated,- twelve of the rear cars broke
from the rest and piled up in the ditch.
Great holes -were torn in the ground, rails
were twisted double and the freight
thrown in every direction. The other cars
rushed on in their wild run. gaining in
speed at every turn of the wheels, until
they fairly flew.
Two mile? from where the first ears
left the track two more of the runaways
jumped off and the others Hew on past
the town of Mott. eight miles from where
thoy started, making the distance in seven
minutes. At a pnint two miles farther on,
known as the eighteenth crossing of the
Sacramento River, the last cars had de
veloped such a great rate of speed that
when the sharp curve was reached they
could stay on the track no longer and all
jumped into the ditch. The rate of speed
at limes must have been over a hundred
miles an hour.
After the train had passed wild rumors
were afloat that a man was seen on the
top of the cars trying to put on the
brakes, but they proved to be groundless,
as none of the train crew Is missing. For
a time fears were entertained for the
safety of the Oregon train, as it had only
passed going down an hour before, and
had it been delayed at u.ny place a fearful
accident would have happened. This is the
third wreck in three days. Seven freight
cars were ditched near Castella Tuesday.
The Pullman on the local jumped the
track at the same ; place Wednesday
morning and rolled to the edge, of the
water in the Sacramento River.
Track Was Clear Along the Entire
Distance or a Disastrous Wreck
Would Have Been
Inevitable.
GREAT SPEED
ATTAINED BY THE
RUNAWAY CARS
Made Eight Miles From
Upton to Mott in Seven
Minutes.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SANTA
CllVZ, July 13.— Everything is in
readiness for the reception of the
First Regiment of the League of
the Cross Cadets, which is to hold
its annual encampment in thia city. The
advance! suard, consisting of forty mem
bers of the organization, arrived here last
evening and all day to-day was busily en
gaged erecting tents. As a result of these
efforts 130 tents now stand on the ball
grounds. They present a picturesque ap
pearance and are laid out with military
exactness. The regiment will camp inside
the baseball grounds, which will be an
Improvement over last year's camp. Suf
ricient space has been left for guard
mount and dress parade and for playing
of games. The camp will be called "Camp
O'Ryan," In honor of Rev. Philip O'Ryan,
spiritual director of the regimenL
Judging by tho number of cadets who
will leave San Francisco by the 2:15 train
Reillv the comedian of the camp, donned
" Chinese costume and furnished enough
excitement among the cadets to last them
a The* advance guard is in command of
Lieutenant Vincent Carroll of Company
land William Beasly of H. The cadets
who compose the aggregation are Lieu
tenant J. Maher. Captain Kennedy, Quar
ermaster Scr&cant Wld Torres Corpo
rals P. Sullivan. G. Ryan. F. McCarry,
\V. Quinan; Privates J. Curley. T. Me
Keon. J. Iteddy, D. Toonpy. J- Rpn. J.
Welsh, A. Burke, W. O Connor 11 Wai.
tor.s. J. Dwycr. T. Creesbre, J. Vetterlein.
J Flynn. G. Nolan, T. Roe, O. Cosgrlff,
R. Power, II. Burns. C. Parker. J.
OTSrien. G. Thompson. J. Nagle, D Brocl
erick 0 Crowley, J. Thiltsen; Musicians
N. Tooncy, J. Reilly. W. Buckley; Hos
pital Corps, J. Odee, L. Drossel, S.
Corporal Phil Hauer of Battery C, Third
Artillery, U. S. A., gave the cadets the
benefit of his army experience and was
of great assistance to them in laying out
the camp. He will remain . with the
cadets the rest of the week.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
Boys Work With, a Will, and as a Result of
Their Efforts 130 Tents Have Been Erected
in the Ball Grounds Ready for the Main
Body.
NOME, July 27 (via Seattle. July 13>.—
Though it is now over a month since the
first neesei to arrive dropped her anchor
In the shallow waters of the Bering Sea
and unloaded bier swarm of ireasure-seek
«:> oa the low, swamp coast, yet the rush
continues with but little diminution. Ow-
Ins to the manner in which the people
Bcaltrr M soon as they set ashore, it is
bard to estimate the number that have
thus far arrived, but it is generally esti
mated .-it between twenty and thirty thou
eacd This, together with those who were
already on the ground from the previous
•. i arid those who came down over the
jce tram Dawson. make the total pupula
tlon at fr«.m thirty-five to forty thousand.
O\V; s to the fact that the previous se-a-
BY FRED fl. HEflLY.
Special Correspondent of The Call
son has been devoted almost entirely to
prospecting arid locating, the clean-up has
been comparatively small, as but littu
work baa been dune on the few claims
over which there is not an ownership con
troversy and Whlcfc arc nut involved in
litigation. This question of title am]
ownership of both mining property and
city roal estate la as involved and chaotic
;is"thf- thousands of tor.s of Rtxiils that lit
ter the beach and will result in almost
endlesa loyal battle before things are lir.
ally cleared up and a man can rest secure
in the- possession of that which he has lo
cated or purchased.
At present nine-tenths of the claims and
city building !ots have been jumped from
one to half a dozen times, and many
pieces of property have been sold by one
party <>r another nearly as often. The
custom at present is for the man who
thinks he own* a piece of ground to oamp
at nisht on it and to try to forcibly prevent
any one else from squatting there. Of
C"un=e, he is not allowed to remain Ions
without having his slaying questioned by
some one. The result is a row and the
lot goes to the man with the best Rrit or the
bijrprcpt backing. Naturally this leads to
serious trouble and up to date has re
sulted in about ball a dozen killings.
As:d" from the?e rows over property,
and two or three suicides, the canii) has
been very well behaved, and is exceed
ingly orderly when the conditions under
which it exists are considered. Sickness
thus far has not been very prevalent;
thouph much pneumonia will probably re
sult from lack of proper shelter during
ihe winter, and unless better sanitation
Is inaugurated tjphoid will also cause
many deaths.
Uwinp to the immense crowds of pas
sengers that are coming up on the differ
ent vessels the need qf a large patrol of
revenue cutters In Bering Sea is Impera
tive. They should be under the command
of some man who is thoroughly acquaint
ed with the country and its waters, and
who is Ftrong and firm enough to main
tain order and carry out his duty under
all circumstarce?".
Li»>u:enart Jovis at Xome !s doing ex
cellent work ashore, b'ut a man is needed
on a vessel who can take in all the coast
fr..m Dutch Harbor north and maintain
o-ucr among the thousands who touch at
the different ports.
Business of all kinds Is boomir.p here
ard every one is making money v;ho has
anything:" to sell. The town is so crowded
with professional men that they are forced
to take to other occupations, and the re-
Bu'.t is often ridiculous in the extreme.
Wapes here are about tl an hour, but a
mar. cannot ebooee. He must take what is
offered Pan Francisco is so well repre
sented that the main thoroughfare looks
like Market street.
Rut comparatively little dust Is to he
seen, ow'ne to the lack of work on the
claims. Checkowka money is the most in
evidence, and will remain so until the
creeks commence to send in their treasure.
People should not come here expecting to
do much on the beach, which is greatly
worked out. The gold lies further away.
There is any amount of it, but it is only
fcr those who have the spirit to dare and
endurance to continue.
UNITED STATES MARSHAL
LEAVES FOR CAPE NOME
HELENA, Mont., July 13.— Neal Vautor
of Helor.a. United States Marshal for
Alaska; Deputy Marshal Captain J. V.
Me v er, and George Lrcekly. chief clerk in
the" Marshal's office, have left this place
for Cape Nome, and as the discontinuance
of martial law there depends upon the ar
rival nf I'nited States court officers, it is
}if-iipv« <\ order will be soon restored.
Accused of Defrauding the Gov
ernment and Juggling With
Contracts.
--¦'- ¦ - ? '¦¦¦ %
In Retaliation He Says That Captain Wright,
His Accuser, Has Been Guilty of Dis
obedience of Orders and Files a Com
plaint Against Him.
CHARGES AGAINST
MAJOR P. H. RAY
ADVANCE GUARD OF THE
CADETS AT SANTA CRUZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900»
I Japan haa become alarmed over the emlsra
j tlon of many of her residents to this country.
i It is stated that they are lured here by mls
j representation and then turned adrift. This
Is like the mlarapreaentatlon which delude
people Into believing that any other medicine
is equal to HcBtetter's Stomach Bitters for
i stomach disorders. In the Bitters He safety
j and surety. It Is worth Its weight In pold In
I all cases of indigestion, constipation, dyspep
j bla. malaria, fever and ague.
Japan Anxious.
N ¦¦>;:¦;. June -" fvla Seattle. Wash.,
July '.Hi. —No United States mill
ary- department can oonplder lt
nelf c implele until among its other
iiiiimr- K. distinction it has one or
mure hrsi-dass scandal* to advance. The
department of Alaska is as yet but in
it* InfuKf. yet it has suc«-ee.iPil in Involv
|ng J'^-i: to a * pretty a controversy as
ever diHghte.i the bear! of an array gus-
Bln The central figure* in the quarrel
aro Mnjur I»a trick H-nry Ray. who. pre
v; us'to the coming ot 15r;«ra<iier General
II commanded Ihe troops in Alaska,
and Captain W. K. Wright of Company L.
g ¦ ¦ ., i'nited State* Infantry.
'I ne trouble has been brewing since last
July »ben Hay w;is given command ol
tr.>ops In ASaska. and hi« culminated in
cbarsfw against l-.im by Captain Wright.
Tl,, .hargx, COnUUa uver twenty speci
ficaUons. Among Lac most serious are de
fraudtog the G«vernment. vulgar and
abusive lansoaee. untruthfulnese. jug-
CUKS «rita "™y contract* lor ni.. tl elary
mvaC c ndm I unbw i mins an officer and
rWient of ;- ¦ service a:;u making «he army
r licuiou. by frivolous, uiiwarranteu , and
BuniR.A this t U>&t .-:-io ot the case.
in retaliation Bay has brought charges
luralnst Wright In «*ich be accuses that
5Sce?of\5wbedtoic. of orders. Though
•u-rny officers ar« dtelncUned to discuss
K? trouble, the itenerai opinion seems
lo :., ;h;-i vn.;.- the charges against
noiifing Ray has pot Wm»elf !£»;£
fnsp^rUon and upon his arrival at Fort
Egbert, where Ray Is at present, a caurt
rtfi?SK i V£?ffii known military
S sJfluntry, where ho has spent much
time making Govf rr.ment furvry?.
tmon* the civilian etnployea -^who re
-• ¦ . ,1' r-.Th.-r than serve tind»;r Ray were
, " . ¦ of Construction Baldwin; formerly
a r^rBeant of Wllce in Ban FrunciFCo. and
rif>orRt! K French, who is an old San
v. ¦:<;.. ne»-BP*P«r man and who was
for some time associated with D'-Jmas and
Shortridee In the i>ract!oe «>f law. Mr.
i'-'r.-iuh has charge <.f the prosocutlon of
i'':v and the defense of Wright.
LEGAL TANGLES OVER
CLAIMS AT NOME
8
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
¦ Commencing April 11, 1909l
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V-JLLLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, *S:aO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m-i
12:«, «l:43. 3:15, 4:15. •5:15. «:15, «:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley pnd "Saa
Itafael. on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at S:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. •4:00. •9:00, *V):W>. \\-w ii^a
a. m.: 12:45. •ltfO. 3:30. 'SUi 5:00. 8:00. "i:a
.p. m.
1 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Train* marked <•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYB-5:35. M:30. 7:50. S:40. iiO-lii
m.; 12:30, 1:15. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. V/'ednesdays
and Saturdays at # S:45 and 10:20 n. m
6UNDAYS-«:15. *S:W. 'StlO. •11:00a. m • »12-00
m. : l;00. 1:15. '3:30. 4:33. 'SUS. «:457 ™20. io-*»
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALI.KY TO SAN FRANClIco
WEEK DAYS-6:S3. «:45. S:00. I iC lO-M t
m.: ll:3i. 1:45, 2:45. 3:30. 4:E0. S:M p rp
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 121S.
1:20. 1:30. 1:45. 4:55. 8:13. 7:C5. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. week days — (Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caxadero and way sta-
tions.
1:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
lUtlona.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC KAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9, 10. 11 a. m., 1:30; 2:S0 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return 81 40.
KEW TAVERN OF TAMAUPAIS NOW OPJK*.
BAII.KOAD TRAVEL.
0SVVBBBUI PACfVIC OOBsFJjnb
tPAriri< •»t->t«m.»
Tvc«Ib* !•»•»•» «••«• mwm •«••«¦ »• «r»t»s» sM
(Hun Li i.e. Fooc or Uatkal Stre«l)
t ",,,, _ From Mat H 1900. — •.»«*»
•7seO* Brtilclt, butsiu. KhDir*. VacaTfll*,
Bnir»f aaA Magfai— tn . ., •7rI0»
•1-tttt* Sha»ia jjior'ss— D*Tis. »Vi!ii»ins(fof
UArtlelt Spiio«s>. Wi.l.i«*. Uoi
l.iurt i"ort.»l«i. *7l4*f
•7:S»» MartiMK. »»« i:» i .ion.VUIejo. N.p*.
I'alisti-ia ami S.inU Uuta ••il»r
•H'OOa Davis Wctxllaud. KnijbU Laodlor. i
V^.,,,;, orioillo. «7j«S»
• »:O«» Ailmuti^ K*pr«M- U K Je« and E».» Ml:**.
••¦at»* S«t. J'**. li'^riu'r-. StocHtm.
l.u.e hacraineiit". FUcrriUle.
M.f**«IIK *-M°<>. '•«'« •5. llllT - I v ******
•«:3Oa O»h <!»!*. Chine*, (for Yosemite).
B ,mr*. »*"»iter«. u- , •¦•:|i»r
•» : oo. HmsmmMd*. NlWaa^lWmi st»»l«n.. M».-«!»*
•D:OU« Los Angeles Eipttn — M»rUi.o*,
Tracy, Uthrop. rtiockton, Metced , -|43f
•«:.-to» V*n.'i.'. f M»«tli.«>«»n.i W»| St»t!mi. •«•••¦»*
•toiou* Th« OrerU.-l U...it«.l-«g<le.u. Deo
rrr O.u»h». CI»oa« » •»!<»»
•|I:OUa Nil^». Uimn*—, Jiuickton, 8m»»-
mcn» Mendota. lUnfnrd. VU»1I»,
forwirttl* !i .'i*
•lt:OO H Ha»Kr.r.l«. Nilw »i>d W«» 8t»Uon». *¦ JJ2»
1 1 :«»«!• Saci>u»ei<t4> IlllH S; ¦<it l >-i> t».O<» *
•!i:O»r '|Ui«mO«. NUrs »a.: VV»j SUtlons. •^•.i!»r
M:»Ur M»itliH<x. H»u IUh.o.i. V»!l«Jo.
Nap*, l.'allntog*. H»iiU lt'-»* •¦»•!»*
Mioor !;-.f. ; ri». Wtnton. KMcmiucqMX
Wuniliud. Kuiiflito t»adld«.
M.r/»UI». <>r.>.m- l? 8 1ti
•4»8«p Nile*. «a»i Jiwe»'i.l StwiSoo •7il»»
•3:UUrTbe Owl I.imlteil-Tracr. riesna
BihersUelil. .Sn.igiis tbt 8»i.U Rar-
bar*. l.os Aiix-Im • ••*»•
•SiOOr Frcsnn I'Mwurr-Mtrtlnn, L*th-
rop. oK<«ton. Mnrr.1. lieroa.'.*
(lUrmoml for Yp»emi>«). >»"•'"».• 'I2:l»f
•SiSOr New >il.-aaf Express- lUkerslielu.
Haut» BarWrn, i.«« Angeles. l>" m-
ln«. El r»»o. New Orleans and
¦Uat •• •••«»•
•»i*wr IiiiU r» Itwiit^-A .»utlo EipriMa
fitr Mnjata ami K»<it .?.?'
••io»r (i a ,.wr,li, Rlls«a*d.taa Jo»» . 7 .2*
t»:lnn V»lto!n *I4iI»»
•u-UWr Oriental M ill Og.leu, Ctiejenos
Omaha. Chtaaga •Ilt4»»
•«iO«»f Or!e>ital M»ii-OgJen, Danfer.
. On»al.a. niic*«.» '4il8f
I7iOOp V»]l«-K Tun i.mUtndWlf ftU
ti..iia J»:»5»
• »i»5r (itr..m mi-) <:-.::: m. i» Kn>tM»i.»<»»
nuu«nlo. M«r,»vill o Ifr.Mlus.
I-,.,*'-;;.;, j-.^.t s I m.,: V.tu ******
lOisr imvinHin iSarnra i.«»»l.
_^ -K.x.t ¦! M-rk^t Street. >
n>*>A fent» i;iui Uxc-.TV.'-: Tor «anta
Cruz anJ 1 :::.olv*l Way Stutiuo? I"! r **r
•tllB* Newark, Out*. ;ilU-.^vi.l.«ir.rV:t.m.
B4iu!ilerCr.«<i.Sii.t»Oriiii:>ii.l W»»
Swtl.-. « ••>»•»
tSKl.tp ?!•>•¦«»•. Cat, tent!:'.. S-»» .!.*». »»V
Al*ui:i*n, rfitur,. l»,.iililef <rr»s.
HaiiU < nil odd rrindpal >V»j
HUMoh. tl«;.1«»
•«tl."»r Netvsrk i«ii.1hm. !«fi»l« *»:-»»4
aJiISp t;lrn».,.^l KoltPt., ">nii> l~ru» . . ,;»:»«*.
CREEK ROUTEFERRY
fnaStS fKiSClSW— ?.-il (1 ¦<mn Sum «S!i» S)-
•713 90O II 004. a. 113- '2 33 13:39
M:C3 13:13 "!.:3 1-.-.
| fit* 0»tU«»~Foal »f Sttmiwj. — -«.00 100 10:004. SU
112:03 *ltC3 ti:3 *3:CJ lt:Q3 •!:;>.«.
CO4ST KIVISION <llro*<H;»u*«).
. (thlr.l ii net Townnen.l St<)
t«il*4 Oovau View. H.»ith H*n Fr»i>.:l«c>.. «•«•••
?7iO»», s«n Jos« «f..l »T«j NteUuM (New
A>matli>H \V»>lii««<ai**Hly) 'lilt*
fJiSO* 8nnday Exatnton f r Bail Jose,
Bact* Cri*. J*a-(flc «ro»« and
rrindpal Way s--.uio»» !»:*»»
' •*¦<•<•* Man J-Mc. t'trn l'i....» M,.,,i,i Crux.
I'arit.r !;¦,¦»» V*m lt..*»i.-s. Nu
I, m's (il. i»!.. i. Mwff, l.oinroc aiuS
rtii>ci|i»l Way MtatiiMia •*:••»
I >l*il«. Han Joas ami Vfmj it.tlo... •«::«.*»
; ?lli:i«« ?«!ij..«.,l.,a(;»Mi .H',,;-.',!!..,!! •.¦»^«r
tai l»r San Mat-<>. K«-<lwoo.l. Menjii P»r».
F»li> AMo. Santa t.'!»r%. **» ¦'"«•.
Tres Pinos. Mania Urns. Salinas.
Mumeifj »im1 r.cilic (;n>w« ?•»»:M«a
ISiMr^inJoKtiul «»7 ntm'.una •~::i«.r
Mjl3r-3anJo»a*nil Principa! Way Stations •»»*»«
tS:OvrSau Joa^. Los Cttos and Principal
War Stations »!W»O»
•StSAp SuiJum «u.l Principal Way Station* t»:S-1a
•«.:H>r S»ti .lima »n.l Way Stations t":<M»A
flll-i-tr 3a:i Ji.«rai:.l Way Htatiutia »7:3i>r
* A for Morning P for Afternoon
•Dally tKuiKtar «<erpted. t Sunday nntj
6 Saturday i>nly
elfclllliin and Sun.Ur < Siandas a&4 Irtfini—
CALIFORNIA NDRTfiWESTEEN EY. Ca
L.ESSB3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburoa Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:i0, 1:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:35,
1:30. 6:10. 1:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra tr.p
at 1130 d. m. Saturdays^ — Extra tries at l.SJ
•nil 11:30 D. tn.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra : 1:30. l:3X
6: CO. (:20 v. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO PAN FRANCISCO.
TTEKK DAYS— «:10. 7:S0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
1:40. 5:1J p. rr.. Saturdays — Extra trlpa at
1:55 and S:35 o. m.
BTN'DAYS-8:10, S:40. 13:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:4*
6:C:>. 1:25 p. ra.
Between ran Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
line schedule aa above. .
Leavs J In Effect. I Arrive
; Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 13C0.J 8an Franclsca
I Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week
Days. [ days, f Destination.! days. | Day*.
T :30 am S:00»ml Novat<x I0T4O am.! *:«0 »m
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, C:05 praU0:23 am
t:13 pm 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmi «:?0 pra
Kulton.
T:JO am Wlndsoc 10:2 am
Healdaburg.
Lytton.
Geyscrvllle.
8:S0 pm 8:?0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm t:i0 pa
7:30 am! I Hoplan.1 I jl»:IS am
t:30 pra| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm! «:20 pn>
7:30 am 10:25 oia
8:00 am GuerneTille. 7:35 pm
t:80pm t:25 pm
7:30 am! 8 :C0 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 5:40 am
1 and
8:10 pm| 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. I «:C5 pm 1:20 pn>
7:20 am! 8:00 am! 110:40 am;iO:K am
j 8:30 pm! 5:C0 pm| Sebastcpoi. I 7:3j pmi «:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wat
1 Springs and White Sulphur Sprtnjs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytten for Lytton Spring-a: at
, Oeyservllle for Skaiss gprlr.es; at Cloverdal*
1 for the Geysers: at Hocland for Duncan
! Spring. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carla-
' bad Pprlnsrs Snda IUy. L«keport and Dartlelt
Bprin^s; at LTc'aA for Vichy SprlnRS. Saratoga
Bprlnfra Blue L "tea. Laurel Dell Lske. Witter
er-lnrs Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
i Jonn Day's, Riverside. Ll^rley's, BueknelVs.
i Banned tn Helrhts, Hullvllle, OtT"s Hot
¦ SprlnK" Mendoemo Oty. Fort Bra»s. West-
i port Usal. Wll'.lts, Laytonvllle. Cummtna,
! Bell's Sprints, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer. Scotia
1 an<^ Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
I reduced rates.
On Sunday rorsnd trip tickets to all points
beyond San.Rafa"! at half rates.
Ticket vtivtm, *50 Market st.. Chron!c!# bU».
H C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Masaser. Gen. Pass. Agant.
WABASH
FROM
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
The finest, fastest and best equipped train
out of Chicago, with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for superior accommodations.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Agt.
Los Anseles. CiL
AND BOSTON.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY
HOME FOR ALL.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lout
vitality, night losses, varlcocele, etc.. and en-
large small weak organ* to full size and vigor.
Ik W. KNAPP. M.D.
Simply send your name and address to Dr. L.
\V. Knapp, 1680 Hull bldg., Detroit. Mich., mnd
he wlil gladly send the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. Thle is certainly a most »en-
eroas offer and th» following: extracts taken
from his dally mall show what men think of
his generosity:
"Dear Sir:— Please accept my sincere thanks
for your« of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thWroueh test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vlcorou* as when^a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
••Dear Sir:— Tour method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strengta
and vlEor have completely returned and en-
larcemsnt la entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir: — Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making us* of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully eay it Is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly Improved In sixe, strength
All correspondence la ¦ strictly confidential,
mailed in Dlaln sealed envelope. The receiDt Is
free for the asking and ht wants every man to
Ju.v« It.
Asleep at the
Switch
Every man In town who
don't know that the Santa
Fe trains go every day In
the year at 9 a. m., 4-:10
p. m. and 8 p. m. down
the valley to Stockton,
Fresno and Bakersfield
and the towns between.
9 a.m. train goes through
to Kansas City and Chi-
cago with sleepers.
Get a map at 628 Mar-
ket street or In the Ferry
Depot.
94108
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Socialists will hold at Paris next year
th<* alrc^st congress in their history.
OR- JORDAN'S sreat^
iNUSEUM OF miQWiJ
' Of The Larjr^t Anatomical Museum in the T
i ¦* 3nL _*_ Worl< *- VV'eaknejses o> *iy contracted A
Y J5S?'|Ej d'»c*<e po«I«l»pl7 eared tty the oldest T
5 1 |)fSl3S i P ec!Cll ' itfulh< - tc»»t Hst 36 ynr-7 4T
fi'-^** Ofi - *'O8OAM-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
T ?(5fi£%Ei Cn.nultation free and ftrirt:v prirate. \
S I ifaN r * l:ment P"»onaliy or by letter. A ff
A to I \\lf> w nt-fir B-.Gk. paaosci-nvct A
V » 1/ J 7 « JJAailJAIiK. MAILHD FRES. <A»
i JJ JJ, valuable book lot mm; \
f OR J«B».1!« A IO, 1051 MarfeetSt-,8. K f
DR. mEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Ven,
731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO
eoeeooeooooooQeooooeea
| NEW BICYCLES |
O REDUCED TO O
| $20 and $25. S
*» Men's and Ladirn*. ®
o Bargains in 2d-haod Bfcjcles, o
• $5, $10, $15. |
0 SEnsrD por.list. o
1 LEAVITT & BILL, |
Q 3O9 LAFtKIN ST. Q
Q Cleveland Cyclery. (J
eOGOOOOGCOOOOOOCOOOOOO
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&~^&^z£
Terr »s»«ai Tifl as easy
«% take «s •mgar.
SEE I^ADTrD'C fOBHEADACHL SEE
f |TT , - FOR BILIOUSNESS. rr . TTTIUO
IVFBl FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
ff PI 1 1 FOR COHSTIPATIOa.
WBAPPFD j ra FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPEB
WKAPFtK 'r^Wgl IrORTHECOMPLEXlOa WKArrM
"PKIKTTE33 ~htt RED PAPER.'
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
ADVERTISEMENT^.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
?25 KEACyv Hi. EstaWlabed
in IH3 1 tor the treatmentof Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
2i??^i P I2 arln ?.. < i! > and mind and
skin I>'«eas<-3^Vh' <loctorcnrea»»hpii
othenjfaJL Try him. Charge* iow
tDre*icnarantre1. Callbrwrltn.
Or. 4, k\ %m mint*. Box 1»37, tiia itaacUA
i^StifvJ'^W^^y y»7ffi tSSS^*^
fl ' ! ¥
« i ¦¦
SEETHE UFE OF \
GREAT COMIC CALIFORNIA \
Ar.D BOYS ;
HALF-TONE AT j
j SECTION. HARVARD.
\
THE WHEN I
| ADVENTURES JAS. G. BLAINE \
OF A WAS A |
4 "HOODOO" CANDIDATE. I
SAILOR* BY MRS. J. S. CLARK3ON. '
i- / — i
'*-¦ - / IT LEADS N_ 1
~f THEM ALL-THE >y y,
t==^pUNDA Y> j
I F= EEEE^JCA LL/ e !
THE THE
STORY LATEST
OF CALIFORNIA
MAY YOHE. PRINCESS.
* _____^__^^_^_~«_-_ _ |_J1MH_1|
! HOOKS, ¦ MAltY
i FICTlOa 8TORIE3
\ AND TUB OF
\ LATEST TMMLLINO
i FASHIONS. INTEREST.
- T^^^_^^^^^^^^^^^We can please the most fastidious with
the many new styles of moldings in their
varieties of widths, shapes and finishes to
harmonize with all styles and tones of
pictures. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 'Market
street. ;> :V
Picture-Framing- a Fine Art.
I>rive Through the Park and Theater
Party Part of Yesterday's
Programme.
Yesterday was one long day of pleasure
for the Grand Council of the Young La
dles' Institute. There was a short morn
ing session at Loyola Hall, which was de
voted entirely to amending- the constitu
tion. The following committee on forms
and blanks was appointed: .
Miss Sadie Garvin of No. 49, Stockton:
Mrs. Devine of No. 20. San Francisco;
Miss Driscoll of No. 1. San Francisco;
Miss Donevan of No. 2, San Francisco;
Mrs. Stone of No. 47, Merced.
In the afternoon the delegates enjoyed
a cruise on the bay on the tug Governor
Markham, and on their return they were
taken for a drive through the park.
Last evening the Grand Council was the
guest of Institute No. 2 at a theater
party at the Grand Ocera-house.
DELEGATES ENJOY A
CRUISE ON THE BAY
DOWN A RUSSIAN
HILL EMBANKMENT
Edna Cline, a Little Girl, Falls About
Ten Feet and Is Seriously
Injured.
Edna Cllne, a pretty girl 10 years of as»
living on Hyde street between Jackson
and Pacific streets, met with a serious ac
cident yesterday afternoon. She went to
Russian Hill with her little brother and
nephew and while she stood on the top
of a rocky embankment facing Taylor
street she slipped and rolled to the bot
tom, a distance of about ten feet.
She was picked up in an unconscious
condition and taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in the ambulance. It was found that
she was suffering from concussion of th»
Drain and possible fracture of the skull
and internal injuries. Beyond that there
was only a slight abrasfon on her left
knee.
The girl's father is employed In a ¦ware
house on California and Front streets.
His wife died recently and left him witn
three young children, Edna being the
oldest.
Preliminary Examination of Ange
lina M. Abbott for Shooting Him
Continued Till Tuesday.
Angelina M. Abbott, the young girl who
Ehot De Witt Clinton, the actor, several
weeks ago, appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday. Clinton has recovered from
his wound and was in court with his
fiancee, Edna Ellsmere, the actress at
whose home he has been since the shoot
ing. It was thought that he would not
care to prosecute the case, but he seems
determined to do .«o for the purpose of
clearing himself from the reflections con
tained in statements made by the defend
ant.
When the case was called, ex-Judge
Graham, who represented the defendant,
asked for a continuance as he was not
ready to proceed. Prosecuting Attorney
liarris was anxious to proceed at once,
but as it was the first continuance asked
by the defense the Judge continued the
case till Tuesday.
Attorney H. Davis, who has been engaged
to specially prosecute the case, came
into court after the continuance was
granted and wanted the day changed to
Wednesday but the Judge refused to ac
cede to his request.
Clinton's marriage to Miss Ellsmere is
apparently not far distant. Yesterday
he filed suit for divorce in the Superior
Court under the name of Ira De Witt
Clinton from Grace Beebe Clinton of New
York. The complaint alleges that they
were married in Wenominee, Wis., and
that Mrs. Clinton deserted her husband In
Kansas City In October, 1S97.
ACTOR CLINTON ABLE
TO APPEAR IN COURT
Hall of Justice Acceptance.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Buildings recommended yesterday that
ih» HaJl of Justice be accepted in ac
cordance with the City Attorney's opinion
and the act of the Legislature providing
for the occupancy of the building by the
various criminal departments. The com
mittee also instructed th*- board of Public
Works to lit up two rooms for use of the
filatlonery cleric
Judges Lawler and Dunne Will Hold
Special Sessions for Natur
alization.
According to figures prepared by Reg
istrar Walsh the total registration to date
is 17,3'2. During the iiatt four days 4'XK)
citizens have registered. Taking the fig
ures of the last Presidential election in
JK<$, when 72,000 voters were on the roll,
this leaves about 55.WU yet to be enrolled.
Unless the average of lOOO per day is
materially increased there will be a large
number of Citizens who will be deprived
of their votes for failure to register. Reg
is! ration for the primary election closes
July 2* and the ofSce will remain open to
accommodate citizens from 8:3'j a. m. to
2u p. ni. from July 10 to July 28 inclusive.
h or the convenience of those desiring
to become citizens and who have no op
portunity of attending the courts in the
day time. Judge Dunne, Department C,
Superior Court, will sit in chambers on
Monday, July 16, from S to U p. m. and
Judpe Lawler, Department 11, Super
ior Court, will Fit in chambers on Tues
day, Thursday and Friday, July 17. 19 and
S9. from *> to J'.' p. m. * Those desiring
to be naturalized must, in order to vote
at the coming Presidential election, do so
previous to August K 1900, which is ninety
daye pnor to November G, the date of the
election.
CITIZENS URGED TO
REGISTER IMMEDIATELY
John A. Carr Fiies Protest With Board
of Works — More Appointments
Made.
Because W. E. Holcomb, representing
John A. Carr, a manufacturer's agent,
was three minutes late yesterday morn
ing the Board of Public Works refused to
accept his bid on surveyors' and engi
neers' instruments. The board was in
session from 10 o'clock until 11 and when
the latter hour Ftruck President Mendel
declared the bids closed. Three minute3
afterward Holcomb rushed in excitedly
and brandished his bid in the air. Colo
nel Mc-ndel informed him that no more
bids would be received. Holcomb de
clared that it was three minutes to 11
by the Fire Commissioners' clock, but
the board ruled against him. He then
declared that he had been misdirected
and for that reason was somewhat late.
John R. Carr, the agent, tiled a protest
later in the day, in which he insists that
his bid was In proper form, accompanied
by a certified check for the required
amount and was presented before the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m., on July 13, while
p;i'd board was in session and before the
time for the presentation of said bids was
advertised to be closed. Carr alleges that
he will be greatly damaged if the board
refuses to consider his bid and that he
will hold it personally responsible in any
damage by reason of the refusal to open
and treat the same as any other bids pre
sented.
The board made the following appoint
ments:
Bureau of buildings. Fire Department shop —
John T. Burns, John Campbell. George Van
Hyck and William K. Fotey, carpenters, at
S3 GO per day; James Byrne, plumber, $4 per
day; Walter MaJloy. r'umber's helper, J2 50
per day; Thomas Smith, janitor. Hall of Jus
tice, $2 per day; John Castle. Janitor, City
Hali, vice A. E. Carpenter, resigned, J2 per
day.
Bureau of fitrepts— James Davis, side sewer
man, $2 00 per day.
COMES IN LATE AND
HIS BID IS REJECTED
Milk-Dealer Throws Up Contract and
His Bond Is Declared
Forfeited.
Superintendent Sussdorf of the City and
County Hospital informed the Supervi
sors' Health and Hospital Committee yes
terday that the cotton batting and shaker
flannel supplied to the hospital by Mur
phy, Grant & Co. were unfit for use. P.
J. Lavin, representing the contracting
firm, stated that goods of the character
specified in the schedule were delivered
and were unsatisfactory. Temporarily ha
substituted the best brand in the house,
but does not desire the board to force him
to continue to supply the superior article
when a figure was not given on it. He
asked that the matter be adjusted so that
the firm would not lose money on the con-""
tract. Consideration of the matter was
postponed.
Joseph Kennell threw up his contract to
furnish milk to the City and County Hos
pital at 11 1-3 cents a gallon, as he said it
was a losing proposition. Kennell's bond
in the form of a certified check for $400
was declared forfeited. Two other con
tractors who bid at the same time as
Kennell. but whose bids were rejected
were Invited by the committee to furnish
the milk at the figures submitted by them
but they refused. Joseph Fassler had bid
12V4 cents a gallon and W. O. Miller I2»4
cents, and the committee decided to re
advertise for bids.
Thomas Doyle, a teamster for William
Wolff & Co., was arrested yesterday after
noon by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and
Special Agent Patrick Kindelon of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company and
booked at the City Prison on three charges
of misdemeanor embezzlement.
For the past eight months the railroad
company has received numerous com
plaints from the merchants of this city
charging that cases of merchandise de
livered by the company had been tam
pered with and in many instances goods
had been removed. The merchants de
clared that their country customers made
similar complaints to them.
C C Crowley. chief detective for the
railroad took charge of the case and
learned that L. Blkus of 29 Battery street
was a heavy sufferer. A watch was nut
on the teamster, with the result # that
Dovle was seen to abstract goods from
cases on the way to the ferry and dispose
of them in a second-hand store on Mission
street. On his return he would do the
same to the cases directed to the firm.
Flkus & Co. and Rosenthal & Feder, shoe
dealers at 11 Sansome street, swore to the
complaint against Doyle. Other team
sters are under surveillance.
From Cases Given to Him.
to Deliver.
Thomas Doyle Is Caught Stealing
THE general committee having charge
of the Golden Jubilee celebration of
California met last night in Native
Sons' Hall and received reports from
a number of the sub-committees. w
James Gallagher, J. B. Keenaii and L.
J. Aubert of the committee on transpor
tation reported that the Southern Pacific
Company and the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany promptly granted the request of the
committee that a half rate fare from all
points in the State of California be estab
lished for the coming Admission day cele
bration — that is, the regular one way fara
for the trip to San Francisco and return.
This is the first time that such a favor
able rate has been given, and it was im
pressed upon the committee that it must
not be taken as a precedent for future
ordinary celebrations. The railroad offi
cials express themselves as taking a most
hearty Interest in the success of the cele
bration, and state that the railroad com
panies and their employes will do all in
their power to assist the Native Sons of
the Golden West in making this the most
magnificent celebration that the State has
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
stated that it will grant a three-fourths
round trip rate. The committee will call
upon the other railroad companies during
the coming week, and feels assured that
it will be able to secure a one-half rate
from them. A vote of thanks was passed
to E. O. McCormick and James Hors
burgh Jr. of the Southern Pacific and to
W. A. Bissell of the Santa Fe for having
granted a round trip fare.
The committee on invitation presented
a special form of invitation to be sent to
those who are to be specially invited, and
requested that each sub-committee fur
nish the names of those who are to be In
vited, and that a ticket be inclosed for
each function. The committee suggested
the names of a number of officials who are
to be invited. A list of such invitations
will be submitted to the general commit
tee before being sent out.
The committee on bulletins suggested
the issuance of 20,000 bulletins eight inches
wide and eleven inches long, to be made
CRAND TOTAL OF THE
SWEENEY RELIEF FUND
CONTRIBUTIONS to the fund for the benefit of the widow and children
of the heroic fireman, John Edward Sweeney, are practically closed,
and Chief Sullivan yesterday gave out the grand total of the money re
ceived, which amounts to $18,405 91. Such a response speaks volumes for
the generosity of the public and their admiration for a heroic deed.
The Chief received yesterday contributions of $542 75, being the proceeds of
the meetings at the Union Coursing Park last Saturday and Sunday, and $10
from Rev. Father Yorke, and these are Included in the total received by him.
The following is the list:
Received by Chief Sullivan $15,403 86
Call subscriptions 647 10
From other sources 2,354 95
Grand total $18,405 91
DISHONEST TEAMSTER
IS LANDED IN JAIL
INFERIOR GOODS. FOR
CITY INSTITUTIONS
for power.
W. J. Martin, business manager of The
Call, was maJe an honorary member of
the general committee. He was added to
the decoration committee.
The committees of publicity and general
information have been consolidated as the
committee on general information. The
new commltteo is now composed of L. M,
Bannon, James O'Gara, H. Faure, J. H.
Roxburgh, R. H. Morso and A. Mocker.
The Foresters of America will parade
about 2500 men and a float.
Winters Parlor No. 163 of Tolo County
has notified the grand marshal that it ex-'
pects to be represented In the parade by
twenty members on horseback.
A letter has been sent to Secretary Long
asking for the loan of two modern guns to
be placed on a float so they may appear in
comparison with two old cannons used In
1846, when the State was under Mexican
rule. i
Brooklyn Parlor will turn out seventy
five men in a neat uniform.
up of twenty-four pages, these to contain
such information as will guide those who
may be interested.
The souvenir button and badge which
has been recommended by the special
committee and described in The Call were
adopted.
The entertainment committee reported
that the Harbor Commissioners are heart
and soul with the committee in any move
ment in reference to the use of the ferry
building in connection with the celebra
tion. The Commissioners will erect two
band stands and prepare the building for
a promenade concert. It reported that a
sub-postofiice will be established at the
pavilion. The committee recommended
that it he authorized to make arrange
ments for fireworks on the 10th and 11th
of September. The committee's proposi
tion for a bullshead breakfast was re
jected.
The committee on decoration and illu
mination reported that it had received a
number of plans for illumination, but
there being such a divergence as to prices
and designs it asked for one week's fur
ther time to consider. The electrical illu
mination, it was stated, will cost not less
than $17,000, without the amount required
George Bonny's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late George Bonny was filed
yesterday. The appraisers find the estate
consists of stocks and bonds and other
Eersonal properties and are valued at
I47.82L
w
self on any one — and he never did. But if
at any moment the world needed a clarion
cry here wns the herald, here was the
trumpet and here was the call to battle
with no uncertain sound. All men knew
then that they must prepare themselves.
He wrote one of the marching songs—
"The Songs of Degrees," as the book of
Psalms calls them — for the Kansas emi
grants of 1*54. 1S55 and 1S56. the men and
women who showed the courage of their
convictions in those trying days:
We cross the prairies as of old
Our fathers crossed the sea.
To make the West as they the East
The homestead of the Free.
I*I>holdlnB as the Ark of Old
. The ISible in our van.
¦\Ve ro to match the truth of God
Against the fraud of man.
And this is one of the battle songs which
has really been sung by those who were
doing the fighting. Often and often did
the emigrant parties sing it as they
waited for trains or gathered on the
decks of steamboats.
Without at this moment saying any
thing more of Whittier. to whom I will,
perhaps, return again. I will ask some
of the readers of these papers to do a
little literarv job for which the world is
waiting If i ever have eight days In the
week for a vear I will do it myself. For
the present I confide the necessity to him
who reads. , , _
Do the work carefully and make up the
history of America from the shorter
poems of Whittier. Emerson. Longfellow.
Holmes and Lowell. You may add about
twenty more from Mrs. Howe, from Mr.
Burge'ss and other people who were In
spired The collection may besrin with
Dr. Holmes' splendid appeal which was
the reply to the arrogance which meant
to destroy the dear old frigate Constitu
tion, the "Ironsides" of New England en
thusiasm:
Ay! tear her tattered ensign down
and it may end— somewhere within twen
ty years of to-day.
In writing of these pcets I am not going
to try to analyze their work nor in any
way "to criticize their poetry. I shall be
glad If I can make the reader feel how
unaffected and simple and human each of
them was. There was nothing of the
rolling up of the eyes, of the fluttering
hair, of the loose necktie or open shirt
front in any of them. Their manners were
perfectly simple and in each case very
cordial, though I might say of Whittier.
perhaps, that he was a little shy in un
expected interviews or in talking with
those who were new to him.
I suppose I had seen Emerson in the
pulpit, but of this I have no recollec
tion. I do remember perfectly hearing
him lecture on Mahomet when he was 23
years old and I was 10. And I remember
that the lecture interested me. The sub
stance of It was afterward printed as an
article in- the North American Review.
But it was ten years before I spoke to
him. The interview was characteristic,
so I will describe it In detail.
It was in the college chapel at Cam
bridge, the occasion being what we called
the junior exhibition. In itself this was
not unlike other school exhibitions, but
for undergraduates it had the special In
terest that on this occasion the parts were
taken by the young men who had proved
themselves to be the first scholars of their
class in the first three years of college
life. As it happened, the first scholar was
a dear friend of mine and a near relative
of Waldo Emerson. His "oration" was the
last part of the exhibition, so that as soon
as he closed the company broke up into
groups and there was good occasion for
congratulations. I s-aw Mr. Emerson
standing alone. I joined him and spoke in
high terms of his cousin's bearing and
address. "Yes," said the philoaopher with
a gravity which seemed to me a little
oracular, "I did not know what a fine
young cousin I had. Now, if only some
thing can go amiss, if his father can be
bankrupt, or if he should be unpopular
here and the boys perhaps send him to
Coventry, all will be well— all will be
well."
I was young enough to be very indig
nant, though I did not say so. I was
very fond of the "line young cousin," and
I thought this a very brutal way to wel
come his successful entrance into life. I
even thought that it was affected, that
Mr. Emerson was posing as a philosopher
and wanted to say something out of the
way.
But afterward I came to see how un
just I had been and how foolish. He was
never affected. When I found in one of
his essays the words "Good Is a good
teacher, but bad is a better." I saw that
he had learned that great lesson of life
before I heard him express It in the col
lege chapel. And when T came to read
between the lines in his biography, when
I saw that he took the drudgery and petty
economies of life so sweetly as he did, I
could imagine him going back to his own
college career. "President's freshman"
he was— that he might save to his mother
the rent of his college room — and after
ward all along he was eager to relieve
her of any cost or charge in the burden
which was upon her in the training of
all those fatherless boys whose lives re
flect such honor upon her management
of them.
After he abandoned the regular duty of
the ministry he threw himself on ths
world, so far as what men call a "living"
goes. He had to maintain In his af
fairs the most rigid economy. But you
will search in vain in his essays or in his
letters for any syllable of complaint. Such
annoyances were no more of a hardship
to him than a summer shower when he
should have been glad to have it clear.
The publisher of "English Traits," the
late Mr. Phillips, told me that when in
1850 or thereabouts he paid Emerson a
check for. the royalties on the first six
months* sales of that book, he did not
know how to indorse or cash a check,
and he told Mr. Phillips that this was the
first money he had ever received from the
sale of any of his books. He owned many
Btereotype plates and many copies of the
"Essays," but money from the sale of
LEWIS MAYER OF COMPANY F, THIED UNITED STATES AR
TTLI/EHY, WHO CAME TO CALIFORNIA ON THE LEX
INGTON IN 1846 AND HELPED FIRE THE FIRST NATION
AL SALUTE AT MONTEKEY.
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
VI.
I first met Whittler when I waa a very
young man in a night ride in a stage
coach. I did not know his name. Twenty
years afterward I made his acquaintance
in a way which I like to describe to
young people.
I had been teaching in rather a forlorn
way In a place rather forlorn. To meet
my home engagements the next day I
had to rise and dress before daylight, to
eat a very poor breakfast and to hurry
to a very early train. All this before sun
rise.
Once in the car I nestled down in a dark
corner and said to myself: "Now, at last,
I can finish my night's sleep." I adjusted
hat, shawl and curtain for the most com
fort and closed my eyes. But not my
ears! For a voice saluted me: "It la Mr.
Hale, I believe."
"Could I not even sleep in my own car?"
This was my mental ejaculation. It was
met. I am glad to say, by the right reply
of my decent conscience: "You fool, who
are you that you cannot speak to a fellow
traveler? 1 ' I simulated cordiality. The
traveler never knew how cross I was as I
offered him my hand and a seat, and lo!
the despised traveler was the poet Whit
tier, lie was charming in the fifty-mile
ride which followed, and was I not glad
that I had not been curt or rude — that I
had, indeed, met him more than half way!
Dear, sweet saint, child of God who
knew his Father by sight, as the pure in
heart do, he never meant to force him-
them he had never received until that
time.
Lowell calls him the Yanke« Plato and
Holme? call9 him the Buddha of the
West. Both phrases are admirably cho
sen. But he had a steady touch with
daily life which is more like Socrates than
Plato, and which you look for In vain In
the traditions of Buddha. Fortunately for
us. this touch is revealed very distinctly
in his letters and in Mr. Cabot's admira
ble biography, and perhaps even more
distinctly in the "Reminiscences." by Pr.
Edward Emerson, his distinguished son.
He was as happy at Concord in his sim
ple Xew England home, as he ¦was in
Karnak or in speaking before a chosen
audience In London. He would go down
early to the village In Concord for hia
mail, that he might stand on the side
walk with the market garden men or
with other neighbors, to discuss politics
or to get the latest points In the village
nows of the day.
When we tried to organize what I think
he called the "Town and Country Club"" in
Boston he -was the working center of the
common-sense party, who wanted a con
venient place where out-of-town people
could meet people who had slept in town,
could leave a wet umbrella or take "a.
hasty plate of soup." Alas! we of that
crowd were "beaten out of our boots" by
the larger crowd of cranks who wanted to
"read papers"' which nobody -wanted to
hear. Such people are the bane and mis
ery of all clubs. In this case they rallied
In' such numbers that they entirely out
voted and defeated the common-sens*
minority. And so th«
'C'CtOtC'tl '"Town and Country
T Club" died before it
t was born. But wh
- -£%» A. went down fighting
"*"7 / X gallantly to the last.
' T overwhelmed by th-5
• 4> hordes of cranks, and
if2fW' f 1 ln every defeat we
L&- «Lv, > rallied round tho
* i 5S2£-' ' ? white plume of Em-
Sg^jjSSSj* ? erson. our common
3vt^ttjK/ I g e nse leader.
-^i'-Hf^^r ? * do noc think that
v'i***^*^^^ & Emerson had met
¦*^' I Longfellow before
"^sd^??*^'^ i the summer of lscti,
«'- «*F; ,* ff # vh«n Longfellow
f£5S!fc^3Jr|l I came to Cambridge.
-t^-£a ! f3'.'ftil L I hirdl y ? '° years of age.
- '^>»Jij4yi'! Cl J' 'V as "Dmitri professor
t- «tC2*» ' o f tn e modern lan
*^ ' I gauges." In this post
1 — ¦~^ % . y I>>ngfellow succeed
—— ? ed Ticknor, whose
?r> \TA<3q 4 sludles ot Spanish
*D, MASS. T literature are well
t known. Longfellow
«&-+—<§> * *$— »-<»-?- O and Emerson became
Intimate friends.
Their tastes were similar, though in a.
way their methods seemed different, and
they often met. Longfellow was but four
years younger than Kxnerson.
I was in college when Long-fellow ap
peared. Ilia coming had been awaited
with a good deal of interest by us buys.
His brother, Samuel Longfellow, am! I
were intimate personal friends, so that
his arrival meant more to me than It did
to most undergraduates. But to all of us
there was a summer-day feeling when
this handsome young man. fresh from
France and Germany and Italy, with the
very latest tidings of the literature and
fashion and social life of Europe, ap
peared like a flash of sunshine in the well
shaded retreats of what our president.
Quincy, vised to call "the seminary. '
The duty of the Smith professor had
been understood to be a general superin
tendence of the study of the modern lan
guages. The details of that study were
intrusted to different gentlemen, who were
called instructors. Mr. Longfellow was
expected to oversee their work and to lec
ture on such general subjects as he chose
relating 1 to the literature of modern
Europe.
But Longfellow Intimated at once that
he should have a class of his ow*n In
German. He thought he could teach Ger
man by plunging right Into the language
with less detail than was then usual. And
to this class of sophomores taught by him
it was my good fortune to belong. He
made us commit to memory a good many
German ballads. We learned only the
simplest Inflections of nouns and verbs.
So to speak, we pitched Into the language
and then paddled about In It as well as
we could, much as little boys do who are
learning to swim.
It did not require such association to put
us on good terms with Longfellow. From
the beginning he was on easy terma. I
think, with everybody in college. Certain
ly with all those in the three upper classes,
all of whom were required to study some
modern language. You could go to walk
with him. You could call upon him. You
could play whist with him when making
an evening visit. He was older than we
were, but he did not hold himself In the
least aloof from us. And when I look back
over sixty years upon Harvard College I
am apt to think that Longfellow's arrival
and such freedom of his intercourse with
the boys almost marks an epoch in tha
college. I think It had a great deal to do
with the establishment of those cordial re
lations between teachers and pupils which
give a special charm to the Harvard life
of to-day.
His life and letters, as edited by h!a
brother Samuel, give a charming picture
of the successful work of a kind-hearted
man who loved work, who succeeded In
his own line and who worked resolutely
for mankind while he was satisfied with
no standard less than the highest of lit
erary excellence. But I have thought that
from a sort of modesty Innate In the
vounger Longfellow he did not say what
he might have done as to Henry Longfel
low's broad and generous liberality to
ward all the children of sorrow. By a
certain divine law, of which the reader
can guess the origin, every traveling tramp
In America who had the slightest cla!m
to a connection with literature found hU
way to Longfellow's hospitable door. Rus
sian. Pole. Moldavian. Bulgarian. Greek
or Hungarian. Swedish. Norwegian or
Icelandic, German. Dutch. Flemish.
French or Spanish, Portuguese or Italian,
black or white, brown or red. barbarian,
Scythian, bond or free, all came to confide
their penury to him and to be relieved.
Had he not translated Bishop Tegner?
Had he not written of the St. Gothard In
the eleventh century? Had he not written
the "Spanish Student"? Indeed, Indeed he
had.
And with his own self- forget ting cordial
ity he welcomed them all. And they al
ways left richer In pocket, more cheerful
of spirit, less hungry and better clothed.
He lived through all his Cambridge life
in the old Washington house, as we loved
to call it, because there was Washington's
headquarters in the beginning of the rev
olutionary war. The doors of that house
were always open. To the youngest liter
ary aspirant he was as cordial as to the
most distinguished traveler. And no one
ever asked for his criticism or advice but
was glad he had asked, and went away
happy from the Interview.
EDWARD E. HALE.
Roxbury, Mass.
Copyright, 1DOO, by Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY REMINISCENCES BY DR. E. E. HALE.
Spring Valley, Standard Oil, Wells-
Fargo and the Powder Works
Moaning Over Their
Burdens.
?
There were three incidents of interest, If
not three of importance, at the meeting of
the Board of Equalization yesterday af-
ternoon. One was the demand of E. S.
Pillsbury that three big franchise assess
ments be canceled on " the ground that
franchise assessments are illegal anyway
and should not be levied; the second was
the peculiar foundation of the water com
pany's demand that its franchise be low
ered over $2,000,000, and the third was the
inability of Isaac Cohn to find a two-by
four pocketbook, of the advertising kind,
in which he kept track of several hun
dred thousand dollars' worth of business.
Mr. Pillsbury represented the Standard
Oil Company, "Wells. Fargo & Co. and the
California Powder Works. It was on the
assessment of the powder works that he
based his argument.
The franchise of the powder works is
assessed at J2a0,000, and this he wished
stricken out altogether. He raised the
same questions regarding the taxation of
franchises that have been raised ever
since franchises were taxed, and he sub
mitted figures to show that if the powder
company were taxed a quarter of a million
for Its franchise it would endanger its ex
istence in this State.
Some figures nrepnAfd by the Assessor
showed that the markYt vnlup of the stock
of the corporation was $2,250,0(30; that it
pftys taxes as follows: In Santa Oruz
County $4295. in Contra Costa County $3t24,
in San Krancisco County (35S6, in other
counties $520, a total of $11,825; this is on
an assessment of J654.S04, leaving an un
assessed valuation of $l,5!)6,106. The yearly
dividends are J1SO.O0O, or equal to $12 a
share, and the franchise tax would amount
to $14,000. which would reduce this divi
dend to $11 74 a share a year. The matter
of canceling the assessments was taken
under advisement.
In the case of the Spring Valley Water
Company Mr. Kellogg made the contention
that when the Board of Supervisors fixed
the water rates last February they made
a certain allowance for the taxes the com
pany would have to pay, and that allow
ance was made on the basis of an assess
ment of $3,500,000 on the franchie. The
company was willing to nay this, he said,
but in the meantime the Assessor had
raised the assessment to $5,395,223, which
meant an Increase in Ihe taxes of $34,000.
When the board fixed tht« rales at a figure
that would allow the company operating
expenses and a reasonable profit besides
Its taxes, Kellogg snid, they fixed !t on a
valuation of the franchise of $3,500,000. and
by raising the assessment so as to in
crease the taxes by $34,000 they took just
that much away from the stockholders.
The company had figured on a certain tax,
Mr. KelloRg argued, and when the board
raised that tax it reduced the dividends
of stockholders. He asked that the as
sessment on the franchise be lowered to
what it was a year ago— $3.500 .000. The
board seemed to view the proposition with
favor, but action was postponed until next
Monday at 10 o'clock. In reply to the ar
gument of Mr. Kt-llogg it was asserted,
that the rates of the company had been
figured on so high a valuation that there
is ample margin to care for the increase
In the assessment.
The cases r.f the Standard Oil Company,
the franchise of which is valued at $">000.
and that of Wells-Fargo. which is valued
at $750,000, were both submitted by Mr.
Pillsbury on the showing in the powder
works case, the contention in all three be
ing the same.
Isaac Cohn furnished the only bit of
humor of the afternoon. He declared he
had only $?00 in the bank, real estate
worth $!>7,000, a few outstanding notes and
some other things not worth much. As
sessor Dodge had heard of one note for
$300,000 held by Cohn, but Cohn did not re
member it. He said he discounted a great
many of his notes at the banks, but when
he was asked what notes he discounted he
could not remember. He said he kept no
books, and finally when Mr. Tobin pinned
him down to the fact that he sometimes
made a memorandum he was ordered to
bring it before the board. The board had
experience with Mr. Cohn before, and it
was freely wagered around the table that
he would never- produce the book. And,
sure enough, when at 5 o'clock, the time
he was to be present with his book, he
turned up it was to say that he could not
find his book and therefore could not pro
duce it. Mr. Cohn could not remember
how much he had discounted in notes nor
how many notes he had sold. All he could
say was that he had $900 in the bank and
that was all.
Mr. Cohn is assessed for $100,000 on per
sonal property and $97,000 on realty. If he
does not produce a satisfactory statement
before the board adjourns his assessment
will remain as it is.
Abe Ruef was before the board to have
reduced several assessments on real es
tate. His applications were all taken un
der advisement..
The Contra Costa Water Company was
represented by Mr. McCutcheon. He want
ed a franchise assessment for $250,000
knocked oft. He said that by ordinance
the Council of Oakland had fixed rates to
allow the company 5 per cent on $3,000,000,
and he declared that the company is now
trying to pay 5 per cent Interest on an in
debtedness of j::,o00,W0. In view of that
fact, he said, and also hecause the fran
chise of the company is pretty well as
sessed In Oakland already, he asked that
the assessment be canceled.
W. E. Mighell filed a petition with the
Board of Equalization yesterday in which
it is alleged that he is erroneously as
sessed by the Assessor for the following
named vessels and water craft: Carroll
ton $6250: Charmer. $24 (M0; Florence. $9500;
General Falrchild, $6250; Jabez Howes,
$11,000: James Nesmith. $16,000: J. B.
Brown $6750: Oregon. $9000: Rufus E.
Wood. '$6500; Wachusett, $10,500, and El
well, $6750.
The petition says that the vessels named
are required by law to be registered, and
they were not enrolled or licensed In the
port of San Francisco, but they are regis
tered out of the State of California and
plying out of the waters of this State.
Bartlett Doe wants the assessment of
$93,550 on his personal property reduced to
$30 550. the difference being the value as
assessed of Blue Lake bonds at $63,003,
which bonds are claimed to be not assess,
able and valued in the market at only
$47,250.
The Sanitary Reduction Works asks for
a reduction from S60.000 to $20,000 on real
estate at the northwest corner of Seven
teenth and De Haro streets.
Corporations Appear Before
the Local Board of
Equalization.
DON'T WANT TO
PAY THE TAXES
LEVIED ON THEM
The Democratic County Committee met
last night at Native Sons' Hall and dis
cussed ways and means of carrying on
the coming: campaign. It was decided
that the plan of organizing district clubs
would be of benefit, and the following re
port of the committee on organization was
accordingly adopted:
To the County Committee of the Democratic
Tarty In and for the City and County of San
Kranclpco— Gentlemen: Your committee on or
ganization rti-crts: That having tirst decided
to ortanize a ltryan and tStevenson Club In
euch of the eighteen Assembly districts, and
for that and the purpose of creating harmony
and maintaining uniformity of action In each of
the clubs your committee appointed a tempo
rary chairman and secretary with authority to
commence enrollment of Democrats, and fur
r.ished rolls and cards to the temin>rary offlceis
to make the enrollment; that on Thursday
evening, July 12, a very large enrollment of
ardent supporters of our standard bearers, Wil
liam Jennincs Bryan and Adlal K. Stevenson.
was made; that meetings of the clubs will be
held on Monday evening, July 16, and Tuesday
evening, July IT, for enrollment before the per
manent organization of the clubs, which will
be effected on Thursday evening, July 19, in
each district by the election of a president, vice
president, a recording and corresponding secre
tary and treasurer.
AX1>RE\V G. MAGUIRE, Chairman.
THOMAS E. CURUAX, Secretary.
A petition to permit the Democratic
party of San Francisco to participate In
the primarv election on August 14 was
r<-ad and adopted. The document will be
tiled with the- Election Commissioners to
day.
The local convention to nominate Judges
of the 8ui*r!or Court, Justices of the
Peace. Senators and Assemblymen will be
held before September 26. The convention
will consist of 232 delegates, apportioned
as follows:
Twenty-eiehth Assembly District, 10 dele
gates; Twenty-ninth. 12; Thirtieth, 12; Thirty
first. 14" Thirty-eeeend, 11; Thirty-third. 14;
Thirty-tourth, 17; Thirty-fifth, 12; Thirty
p:\th. 20; Thirty-sevc-nth. IS; Thirty-eighth, 15;
Thirty-ninth, 14; Frrtieth, IS; Forty-ftrst, 13;
FTty-Fecond. 10; Forty-third, E; Forty-fourth,
JC; Forty-fifth. 7.
In the matter of the apportionment of
delegates to the State convention, to be
held August SO, it was decided to divide
the city into combinations of primary pre
cincts to be represented by from four to
ten delegates. In this manner San Fran
cisco Democrats will send US delegates.
The secretary of each district club Is
empowered to add any name to the roll
that is handed in to him properly vouched
for. Cards for the purpose will be Issued.
The rengnation of J. II. Grady of the
Thirty-fifth District was accepted. As
several more resignations are expected the
matter of electing a successor to Grady
was not taken up. '
Lists for the Enrollment of Members
Now Open and Permanent Or
ganization will Be Ef
fected Next Week.
At a Meeting of the County
Committee This Plan
Is Adopted.
DEMOCRATS TO
HAVE A CLUB IN
EACH DISTRICT
Twenty State Senators, to be elected
thli fall from the odd numbered Senato
rial districts, will hold office for four
jea-'s, and in the Legislature of 1903 par
ticipate in the election of a United States
Senator to succeed George C. lerkins. it
U ttsentlal to tne welfare of California
that men of hiph character should be
cent to the State Senate. Men who take
boodle in one hand and orders from the
railroad company in the other should be
turned down.
San Trancisco will elect five of the hold
over Senators, and the Republicans ought
to win four of the live. The Seventeenth
fc>enatorial District, composing the Twen
ty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Assembly
districts, will elect a Senator to succeed
Samuel Braunhart. A first-class Repub
lican could easily win in the district, al
though it is regarded as the etronsrhold
of the Mint saloon bosses.
Among the Republican aspirants In the
districts axeAi-semljljnun KenneaJly, Pete
Kelly and E. i\ Smith. Uctlcr material
Is easy to find.
In the Nineteenth Senatorial .District
the Republicans oupht to elect a Senator
to euecet-d L. J. J»\vyer. Assemblyman
W. 11. c-Jbb, a capable and honest man,
will publicly Signify to the convention his
willingness to lead the party in the Sena
torial district.
Kdwaxii I. Wolfe is a candidate to suc
ceed himself as the Senator to represent
the Twenty-first District. Wolfe ouzht
not to be returned to the Sonate. His
career in the Legislature was discred
itable. He did not speak the sentiments
of the Itepublican voters who delegated
him to represent the district. He was
a programmer of the rankest kind from
start to finish. His fellow-Senators of
known character and integrity had slight
rtspect for him. Wolfe ¦was weighed in
the balance and found wanting. General EL
S. Salomon and Frank Grimes are in the
Ji^ld for the Republican nuirunation in
this district.
The Twenty-third Senatorial District
will elect a candidate to succeed Sidney
Jiall. James Wilkinson, John J. Sullivan,
l<en McKJnley and Jack Tyrrel have in
dicated a readiness to make the contest
lor election.
The Tw< nty-fifth Senatorial District
will olect the successor of John Feeney.
There is no scarcity of aspirants for the
honor of i< presenting; the Xorth Knd in
the State Senate. The list embraces A.
liuef. Daniel Crowicy, Thomas Chandler,
Mike liarry. Dr. Glover a:.d K. 11. donts.
The Twenty-ninth Senatorial District,
which comprises itie counties of Santa
Cruz and Ban Jl&teo, will elect a Senator
to succeed I>. H. Trout. San Mateo is en
titled to the Republican nomination this
term. Thi re is a strong: sentiment in fa
»or of Dominating Assomblyman H. \V.
Urown. H" was an influential man in
The AFSfmbly. His f. How-members had
<onfldence in his juu$rm»~nt. and they
knew by his straiRhnorwaril. mrinly con
duct that h>' was honest, t>anta Cruz con
cedt-s the Domination to San Mateo.
Time to Turn Down Boodlers and
Railroad Hirelings Who Dis
graced the State in the
Last Legislature.
They Will Hold Over Until
1903 and Vote for a
D. S. Senator.
STATE SENATORS
TO BE ELECTED
NEXT NOVEMBER
PROGRESS OF GOLDEN
JUBILEE CELEBRATION
THE S7VJN FKAJs'UlSUU CALL, SATUKUAY, JULY 14, 1OOO.
EMERSON'S HOME AT CONCORD, MASS.
Died From Lockjaw. .
Milburn Homer Logan, a boy 13 years
of age. died at the residence of his par
ents, 770 Oak street, Thursday from lock
jaw resulting from a gunshot wound in
the palmlof his left hand. The accident
occurred m Calistoga fourteen days ago,
and the boy was removed to his home Im
mediately for treatment. He succumbed
to the injury, although heroic efforts were
made to save him.
Archbishop Riordan will not arrive In
this city to-day. He has changed his
plans and will' not leave Chicago until
next Wednesday, remaining in that city a
week longer than he originally intended.
He -will not come directly through, but
will atop several days in Salt Lake City.
This Information was received last even
ing in a dispatch from Chicago.
Decides to Remain Another Week in
Chicago— Will Visit Salt
Lake City.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
CHANGES HIS PLANS
Council Officers Installed
Portola Council No. 470, Young Men's
Institute, installed the following officers
on last Thursday evening at Its hall on
Tenth street: Past president. John H.
Radford; president, Robert A. Cahalan:
first vice president, E. G. Fitzgerald; sec
ond vice president, J. J. Clancy; recording
secretary, D. T. Powers; financial secre
tary. James J. Cantlan; corresponding
secretary, Jerome J. Sullivan; treasurer,
John G. Steimle; marshal, Frank J. Law
lor; inside sentinel, J. J. Finn; outside
sentinel. John J. Connell; medical exam
iner. Dr. B. F. Fleming; executive com
mittee — John A- Kelly, George Mayerle,
W. T. Dwyer; delegates to Grand Coun
cil—Dan T. Powers and Harry Hay; alter
nates to delegates— John A. Kelly and E
G. Fitzgerald.
Slgnora Repetto, known as the Italian
Melba, and her husband, Signor Ferrari,
the famous barytone, arrived from the
East last night and are at the Commer
cial Hotel. They have come to sing at
the Tlvoli during the grand opera season
which -will open on the 29th inst. Neither
is a stranger to the music-loving public
of this city, for they were both members
of the Lambardi Opera ' Company that
was here last summer and installed them
selves as favorites then. They were mar
ried in this city just before their return
to' Italy. Their opening- opera this season
will be "Lucia," in which they made a
tremendous hit during their last engage
ment In San Francisco. - .
Two Noted Singers Arrive.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
We save money for amateurs. We loan yon a
kodak. Backus Studio, 11 Geary at.; supplies. •
POSTUM CEKEAL.
"COMMONLY USED DRUG"
I>r. Wood Befers to Coffee.
Dr. James Wood of Philadelphia,
speaking of the effect of coffee, says:
"These symptoms bear silent but im-
pressive witness to the terrible injury
which is being wrought by this com-
monly used drug."
If health is worth anything, it is worth
looking after carefully. Any person
who drinks coffee 2nd has any sort of
ailment that can be traced back, through
even a very long line of disturbances, io
the nervous system, may depend upon it
that coffee is the cause of the difficulty.
The drug contained in coffee has a di-
rect action upon the nerves, differing in
different people. The effect may show
in one person in the shape of dyspepsia;
in another person in weak eyes; in an-
other, palpitation of the heart; in an-
other, kidney or bowel trouble; in an-
other, bad complexion or eruptions on
the skin; in another, a general feeling of
lassitude ar.d weakness at times. All
of these and a long list of other disturb-
ances come directly from a disturbed
r^vous. system, where the nerve matter,
the delicate gray substance that is con-
tained in the nerve centers and in the
brain, has been destroyed, to an extent,
and not replaced from the food.
That is the exact work of coffee with
highly organized people. Such people
feel the loss of coffee for a tirne. unless
something is given to take its place.
This is the mission of Postum Food
Coffee: it not only furnishes, when prop-
erly made, a delicate coffee flavor in it-
self, but carries with it the phosphate of
potash ar.d other elements required by
Nature Jo rebuild the nervous system
and reconstruct the tearing down work
that has been goincr on from the use of
"drug coffee." (We use the words
'•drupr ccfFee" because all regular cof-
ftr is in reality a drug, and its continued
\§f will, in ninety oases out of a hun-
dred, bring on trouble of some kind.)
Postuni Food Coffee is sold by all
first-class grocers. . v *~CHICAGO, July 13. — The opening tone of
wheat. was firm, September starting at an ad
vance of %c to %c at SO^4(g'SO?4c. This was
due entirely to pit trading, local speculators
being Influenced by tha fact that foreign mar
kets did not show an adequate, response to
yesterday's decline here and to the aerious
ness of the Chinese situation. The strength
disappeared almost Immediately. Reports from
the Northwest told of an Improved condition
of wheat as a result of rains and the cooler
weather prevailing and figures on the crop
given out to-day by the Trade Bulletin were
raised considerably. This quickly changed the
balance of trading in favor of the bears. Jhe
Northwest sold continually and the steady de
cline in the prico finally discouraged longs and
resulted In considerable liquidation, which was
kept up with more or less steadiness all day.
Toward the close of the session there was "a
¦light Improvement In tone caused principally
by covering by Northwest traders who , had
put out wheat earlier In the week and who
had good profits In sight. The closing, how
ever, was heavy, though at a little better than
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 8<Vi
Sterling Cables — < 8S!4
New York Exchange, sight...... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61',*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4SH —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago continued to decline, the
persistent belittling of crop damage by In
dividuals and different publications having a
dampening efTect on epeculatlon. Some strong
holders are letting bo and the small fry have
turned bears. The weather Is unfavorable for
Corn In Kansas, Nebraska, and Western Iowa,
but favorable elsewhere. The decline was led
by Minneapolis on telegrams reporting improved
crop prospects. Broomhall cables that the
French estimates are belns raised. The bear
sentiment Increased and the crowd were ag
cresslve sellers.
The local market was lower, both on and oft
call - ' - ¦¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping:, $1 05@l C6>4; milling,
11 07'iffl 10. _ _ -_-•;;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock — December — 2000
Ctls. U 14%; 6000. n,14tt: 13.000, *1 14*; 20,000,
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, Jl 14^.
Repular Morning Session— December— 22,000
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
|1 14%; 2000, U 14%; 28,000, -Jl 14%.
BARLEY — Quotations remain unchanged,
with light trading.
Feed, 70c for No. 1 and 65@67V5c for oft
grades; Brewlrg and shipping grades, .i^fSoc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
1 Informal Session— No sales.
Becond Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — Ko sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctla, 73Hc:
10.000, 73c; 2000, 73Uc; 2000, "!Z%c.
OATS— Continue firm at previous prices.
White, *1 1691 SO; Surprise. »1 27&©1 33; Red,
NEW TORK. July 13.-The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at principal cities for the week ended
July 12, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percenta ges.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec
New York 5SCO.391.341 .... 31.9
Boston 126.416.175 .... 18.0
Chicaero 128.511, .".04 3.2
Philadelphia S2.S:,4.C3<> 6.6
St. IxiuIf 82,879, 7S8 3.2 ....
Pittsl.urg 33.795,400 15.6 ....
Baltimore ;2.';5S.SrS 11.8
Han Francisco 18.523.271
Cincinnati H5.16O.O5O 12.7
KansiiB City lS,909,fi32 11.7 ....
New Orleans »,406,221 49.3 ....
Minneapolis 11.420.960 3 8
l'Ptrcit S.327.SS0 10.7 .'.!
Cleveland 11.M4.2S4 11.3
Louisville F.263.020 .... 9 2
Providence 6.S50.CO) .... ....
Milwaukee C.lOfi.SSl 1.4
St. Paul 4,729.202 8.7
nuffal.. &.OS\oe7 1 9
Omaha 6.422,795 6.4
Indianapolis 7,037,428 .... 6 6
Columbus. 0 6.6^,100 3.9
Savannah 4, 251. SKI 9J.1
Denver 3.419.C5O ]2 0
Hartford 3.356.S43 2.1
Richmond 4,005,273 13 9
Memphis 2,239,081 27.7
Washington 2.S72.415 7.2
Pecria 2.4*4.385 17.3
Rochester 2.043,890 13.6
New Haven 1.7S«.I6S is 4
Worcester l.39fi,cs2 .... 16 9
Atlanta 1.697.608 13.2
f-'a!t Lake City 2 72P S49
.Springfield. Mass... 1.61^549 6!i
Fort Worth 1.831.701 .... li!8
Portland. Me 1,203.029 .... 21.4
Portland, Or 2.239,fS6 .... 54
St. Joseph B.lfi2.37'J 3«.5
Los Angeles 2.KOO.C27 3S.0
Norfolk 1.378.7CS 7.0
.Syracuse 1,3*2,749 4.7
Dcs Urines 1,603,082 g.g
Nashville 1,401.594 7.4
Wilmlnpton, Del... 928.573 2 2
Fall River S74.636 27.4
Scranton 1,119,203 5.1
Grand Rapids 1.322.e<}0 13.6
Auffusta, Ga 615.487 6.5
Lowell 716 364
Dayton. 0 1,286.174 l!l III!
Seattle 4.619.681 148.1
Tacozna S19 992 44 .
NEW TORK, July IS.— R. Q. Dun A Co.'a
Weekly Review of Trade will say:
If the great increase In failures to $100,570,134
In the first half of 1900, against $49,664,661 last
year, and especially to $43,893,079 In the second
quarter, against J21.S95.635 last year, gave occa
sion for diligent search, failure returns will be
worth noting. But to-day it is shown that
thirty banking failures for *25.822,6S2 against
thirty-one last year for $7,601,728 accounted for
much of the difference; that 265 brokerage and
real estate failures for $22,122,346 against 145
last year for only $2,328,215 accounted for
another part, and that In building and lumber
working trades other large failures distinctly
connected with those In real estate explain much
more of the difference between manufacturing
and trade failures last year and this. In these
and much less Important changes In a few
other lines are seen substantially all the com
mercial disasters as yet resulting from the
amazing rise in prices last year, followed by
weary but largely successful efforts during: the
past few months to get a normal state of busi
ness. When this is seen and the remarkable
steadiness in number and size of the great
majority of failures not for exceptional
amounts, there appears ground for especial
satisfaction that business has been on the whole
soundly conducted under conditions of un
usual danger. The Iron Age makes the output
of pig 2S3.413 tons weekly up to July 1, but the
decrease of 16,000 tons has by this time been
exceeded, other furnaces having stopped this
month, and repairs of works and wage scales
may yet occupy some weeks. The increase of
S6.958 tons in stocks unsold Implies a decrease
In manufacture more than double the decrease
in output and the works of five of the great cor
porations are waiting for a decline In wages
Just when the workers have looked for an in
crease. Or>en markets are now admitted at
PIttsburK. where quotations have been for some
time nominal and Bessemer pig Is offered there
at S16. Structural makers decided not to re
duce prices, but steel bars there and plates at
Philadelphia ore said to have, sold at $115 in
some cases. The sheet works open Monday
with large orders. Coke works, about 19 per
cent idle, have no demand now. and In con
tracts It is said that even $2 50 would be shaded
Wool Is growing weaker and even offered by
some Westerners at prices which were refused
not long ago. but the mills don't yet know
what goods they will be able to. sell and from
a temporary idleness there oeems to be no es
cape.
The end of the crop year has brought the
usual estimate, which command no more confi
dence than usual. If the country Rets out of a
crop officially called 547,000.000 bushels all it
wants for food and seed, and 200,000,000 bushels
for export, with considerable left over In sight
it is the easy inference that anxiety is need
less.
Failures for the week have been 196 In the
Lnlted States, against 169 last year, and 28 In
Canada, against 24 last year.
Review of Money Market.
There la no evidence as yet. and for some
time to come cannot be, that Injuries sustained
have been as great as some supposed, so that
alarm i« not more necessary than lt was last
i NEW TORK. July Wi-The Evening Poet
eays: A further advance In the price for de-
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK. July 13.— FLOUR-Recelpts. 15,
300 barrels; exports, 23.SSS barrels; sales, 7850
packages; market was very dull and weaker
at 5@15c decline; winter patents. $4@4 60;
winter straights, $3 80fi'4; Minnesota, $4 50@
4 90; winter extras, $2 75@3 10; Minnesota
bakers. $3 ]0@3 CO.
WHEAT— Receipts, 4750 bushels; exports, 55,
970 bushels; sales, 5,310,000 bushels futures; spot,
weak; No. 2 red. 85"4c afloat; No. 2 red, 83%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 8S%c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 90%c f. o.
b. afloat. Options opened firm on the improve
ment in English cables and covering, but at
once turned weak. Under liquidation, better
Northwest crop new». foreign and Southwest
selling, a break in corn and absence of buying
power this heaviness lasted- all day; closed
weak at %©l'.4c net decline: July 84Vi@86 1 ,ic.
closed at 84%c; September, 83»i@85V4c. closed
at S3'ac; October, &5V4<H853ic, closed at S5Vic;
December, S4%'SS. r ;%c. closed at S4%c.
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDEfr-Flrm.
WOOL-Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 invoice. 9%c;
mild, steady: Cordova. 9V4'S'13^4c : futures closed
steady, with prices 10 to 20 points net higher;
total sales. 23, "CO bags, Including July, $7 75;
August, $7 85; September, $8@S 05; October,
$8 10; November, $S 15@8 25: December. %S 40®
8 43; March. J8 60®S 70; May. *8 80^8 85.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 4Uc;
centrifugal, l S6 test, 4&c; molasses sugar, firm,
: 4c; refined., firm.
•BUTTER— Receipts. C441 packages; dull and
weak; creamery. 17@19i.4c: factory, 14S16Hc.
j;qGP — Receipts, 6481 packages; firm; West
ern, at mark, HftlSc for average lots; West
ern, loss oft, 14'4'315e.
NEW TORK, July 13.— The market for
evaporated • apples continues quiet and un
changed, California dried fruits were dull, but
about steady at old prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3%<35c; prime, SMQBVsC choice, E%®«%c; fancy,
7®7ttOi
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-34@7c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. lKgHc: Moorpark, 15<S17c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled. 6@9c
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The only change worthy of not* on th» morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange was a firmer
feeling In Gas and Electric at $49 25 a 43.
The oil stocks were dull and nominal.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was still
higher at *4:> 12Htl« 50.
Ths Spring Valley Water Company will pay
the usual dividend of 42c per snare on tha 20th,
Hume Ilros. & Hume will pay a dividend of
65c per share this month.
The Oakland. San Leandro and Hajrwards
Electric Company will pay a dividend of 20c
per s^hare on the 2(Hh.
The Presidio Railway Company will pay a
dividend of 10c per share on the 16th.
The dividends! of the Makaweli Sugar Com
pany will be paid on the 2;th of, the month In
stead of the 15th.
FRIDAY. July 13—2 > m.
Btd.A.sk.. B I A-K.
U S Bonds— Eqult O L Co. »\ 3T t
4s quar coup..lM4113 Mutual El Co. 10^ H
4s do reg lUValli O G L & H... — 49*»
4s do cp new..l33%134H Pac Gas Imp. — 47 1 *
Ss ciuar coup..lOSV»110 I"ac L Co 49 —
Miscellaneous— S F O & E.... — 43%
Cal-9t Cab 5S..116V4 — San Francisco. 4% 6
C C Water 5s. — 103 Stkn Q & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 88..12SH — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — 11* Flrem's Kund.228 —
Geary-st R 5s. — W Bank Stocks—
II C &. S 5%s. — — Anclo-Cal Ltd. M —
Do Es — — Bank of Cal... 413 415
L A Ry 5s — 105£i Cal S U A T..lu» _
L A Lt Co- «#- — — First National — 290
Do entd 6s.. — — Lon P & A 132 —
L A gntd 5s... 1C0 — Merchants' Ex 13 —
L A P R R 5s. — 101% Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-it S«..12S — Savings Bank —
Do 1st M 5s.ll7TsllS Cer S &. L 1S9O —
N C N Ci ii 7s. — - Hum S & L.. — —
N R nf Cal Bs.lU' - Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
Do Js — lWi'S F Sav U....M5 —
N P C R K 63.101 — |Sav & L So.... 74 TS
Do as lfti — | Sec Sar Bk
N Cal R IS fis.lll — Union T Co. —
Oak G L&H3S.111 — Street Railroads—
i)ak Tran «s..U5 11514 California 122U —
Oak W Co .is.. -- Urt Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Co-.IMH — Market-ot Ry.. S3 M
P & Cl Ry 6B.103H — Presidio '. — sv!
P & U H K ts.U.. — Powd?r Stocks—
Powell-st R tls.Ui) — California 135 ir>U
Sac L & GRos. 95 10l> Giant Con Co. S« 86*i
S F & fJV 53.119 120 Vlgorlt :% 3*
S Itv of i'al fis.in — buga- frocks—
S P of A 6s... Ill lllH Hana S P Co. 8^ STi
K P C 8«(lwo;.llt» Ilu-, Haw C & S Co 97Vj ggiT
Do <ISC€> ....111^113 Hotiokaa S Co ZvZ —
Do <1912) 119 122V4 Hutch S H Co. 24^ —
PPRC ist*nt> — — Kilauea S Co. 19T4 —
S P Br 6s. »... 131*4 — Makaweli 3 Co 48 46»1
K V Water.Cs.lt.-> — Onomea S Co — to
Do 4« 103\i — Paauhau S Co SI
Do 3d mtg. .. 101^102^ Ml«ce!laneou«
Stocktn ua.i tis ?.«;, — |A1 Pack Asn.117 US
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn — 9S
Contra Costa.. 67?4 SS'.iiMer Kx Assn « iu»
>,ur.n Cuunty. 3» — Oceanic S Co. — «3Vi
Spring Valley. 94*i 05 Pac A F A... — -T*
Oaa & Klectrlc — Pac C Bor Co.150
: Ca1ult 3 I>arPalntCo -» -
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Honokaa S Co *• «
50 Makaweli " t; f;
»3000 Oceanic S S Bonds.. .' ,«? S
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 4- no
'SWcal 2*£jfeg P
30 S F Gas & Electric Co.'.'.'.'.'. 49 S
Streei— ¦» w»
100 Contra Costa Water <j qo
Afternoon Session. * " N i
Board . . >
200 Honokaa S Co S3 M
Neiv York Stock Market.
NEVT TORK. July 13.— To-day's stock market
t :.s t'Ut a dull and uninteresting affair and
marked further relapse from the manipulated
rise In the earlier part of the week which
came into pervirr yesterday. Selling to take j
profits was the order of the <*.ay and the L^ant •
put out some fresh short lines. That neither j
of the^e operations was on a very extensive j
i-cale is Fhown by the email figures of the j
total Bales of the day and the greater part I
o f even tbtM •tnall dealings took place in the j
forenoon when the hull interests were still ',
making futile efforts to continue the advance, j
The efforts ur-re not put forth in th» opening ;
transactions and the sympathetic depression I
from foreign markets was allowed its- full !
*ffert. The weaknef-s there was due to re- !
aewed fears regarding the Chinese situation j
end to the rnichap to the British forces in ;
S"Jth Afrk-a. The effect here was purely sym- j
pathetic and when it was seen how pmall the I
rellinT for London account was the bul!s j
trarrd their eaergi*'? and attempted to resume <
control of the market. The pressure of profit- I
taking uhieh met the market when last night's
level was approach^ discouraged the attempt
and the market lapsed into an almost lifeless
rt&te. The sharp break in the wheat mar
ket which might be fairly construej as in- i
dicatlrs: a. more hopeful feellns regarding the
croj., \vas lowerless to sustain the i-tock mar- !
ket. Small as the offerings were they were |
fuffirient U> drive prices sharply below last ;
nigiit's level. A further advance In sterling I
exchange rates, the hardening of the London i
discount and the continued drain on the gold !
reserves of the Bank of Enpland led to the |
opinion among International h"us<-s that j
further eh!pm*nt« of gold from New York to .
I'»rti< are likely to be made next week.
The bond market continued riull and the i
changes were mixed. Total sales, par value,
Jl.r,35.fioo.
United States bonds were unchanged In bid :
quotations.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Erid. Stocks— Bid.
2.',;3 Atchison 2Sv;
13.130 AtchiBon preM 65>H
3.125 Baltimore £ Ohio _ 74V;
Oani.<i!an Pacific tS%
I«S Canada Southern 4S
2.C70 Chesapeake Ai Ohio 27H
If") Oilcsuro <;iea.t Western 11
7,975 Chicago Burlington A- Qulncy 124V*
400 Chicago irA & Louisville 22
Chicago Ir.d & Louisville prefd 50
<T.ieajro & Kamern Illinois 95
300 Chicago & Northwestern 15S
IXJSOt Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1C6%
1C0 CCC4 St Loji? 67* >
100 Colorado Southern 6V« j
SCO Colorado Southern lft prefd 41
Colorado Snmhern'M prefd 164
Delaware & Hudson Uli^
Delaware J^r.ckawanna & Western. .176 "
8200 Denver & Rio Grar.de , ku^ |
3M I>enver & Rio Grande prefd 6."»
Hh Erie 1st rrefd '.'.'..'..'. 32'i
61^ Great Northern prefd 152', I
3-0 Hocking Coal 13:,
!f/0 H.Joklns Valley 2T,
230 Illinois Central 117'^
liO Iowa Central 18
100 Iowa Central prefd 47 |
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 16
Lcke Krie & Western 2g
I^ke Krie & Western prefd 90
Lake Shore 210
€.tC3 Louisville & Nashville 72-i
525 Manhattan L S3 ]
3«0 Metropolitan Street Hallway 150%
100 ilexlcan Ontral 12?*
500 Min & St Louis t5
Minn & St Louis prefd 91
6.J-70 Missouri Paollic El',4 I
Mobile & Ohio 37"
....... Missouri Kansas & Texas 10i,i j
lf.0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd Z\\
CO New Jersey Central, ex div 120
J.IM New York Ontral 129 [
t.tti Norfolk i Western 23=i
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 77=-,
10.C20 Northern Pacific i9\ I
1.32j Northern Pacific prefd 70} 4
S10 <"*r.tar!o & Western m 4
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
f'rf-Kon ]<M.ilwsy & Nav prefd 76
3,712 Pennsylvania 12S
Z ( <0 Heading 1C%
B.OSO Reading 1st prefd S8
Reading £il prefd 2*%
Rio Grande Western L9<?± .
<00 Ilio Orande WeFtern prefd 85 '
St Louis At Kan Fran 9»i
K* St Lou'.s & San Fran 1st prefd 6^*i
139 Ht Louis tt Han Fran 2d prefd 23
8t Louis Southwestern 30 I
478 *=t Louis Southwestern prefd 25'i
9.820 St Paul UC*
St Paul prefd i7i "
....;.. St Paul & Omaha. • 110
S.070 Southern Pacific 32
125 Southern Railway Hl^ |
62S Southern Railway prefd tlH
4J0 Texas & Pacific nul
NEW YORK. July 13.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will *ay: While trade Is still only of mid
rummer volume, the beginning of Improvement
in demands are apparently becoming visible.
The improvement is ftill one of tone, rather
than of demand, but v.-tth a yield of 540.CO0.000
bushels of wheat, a next to record-breaking
yield of corn and a very large production of
oats, the Western crop situation contains many
encouraging features. The Southern cotton
crop has undoubtedly suffered and conditions
are unprecedented!}- low for this season of the
year, but the acreage planted was a leading one
and prices are so much higher that a satisfac
tory financial return Is confidently looked for.
In addition, railroad earnings point to the
maintenance of the business of the country at a
volume )n excess of last year.
The effort of the big iron and steel concerns
to control prices. If really made, has proven
abortive and another wholesale slashing of
quotations Is to be reported this week. Produc
tion, however, is falling off and Increases of
6tocks. though conFlderable. would seem small
if renewed activity occurred.
It is liard to see how lower prices can be ex
pected and it la said that present quotations are
attracting some business, particularly at Chl
caco.
The industrial situation Is rather better as a
result of agreements upon Wages by a number
of iron and steel manufacturing concerns and
their employes. Lower prices for lumber are
apparently Inducing more activity in build
ing, thoush how much Is due to this or how
much to the settlement it labor disturbances
is hard to measure.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2.823.910 bushele, against 3.018.
£32 bushels last week, 3.2G3.813 bushels in the
corresponding week in 1899, 2,910,827 bushels in
1S9S. 1,622,092 bushels In 1897 and 2,953,949
bushels In 1896. From July 1 to date the wheat
exports were 5,845.742 bushels, against 7,022,787
bushels last season and 5,669,469 bushels in
1S&S-99.
Business failures in the United States for
the week number 221. as compared with 14fi last
week, 174 in this week a year ago. 22S In 189S
241 in 1897 and 255 in 1S96.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 22. as compared with 25
!o«t week. 22 in this week a year ago, 28 In 1S9S
33 in 1407 and 31 in 1896.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Prunes— Tragedy, 5.5c
to 80c, single crates; Slmonl, Me to 55c; Ger
mans, COc. Pears— Bartletts, 30c to $1 S5 box
and 65c to $1 half-box; Lawson, $1 25; Clapps
Favorite, 80c to Sic half-box; Congress, SOc to
H half-box. Plums— California Red, SOc tb
$2 tO single crate; Japan, 70c to 75c; Bradshaw,
70c; Washington. 45c to 75c; Burbanks. 60c to
$1 70; Satsuma, 50c to 80c; Ogon, 75c; Wickson,
$1 to $1 65; Diamond, 75c; Peach, SOc to 75c;
Splendor, S5c; Yellow Egg, 95c; Peach, SOc.
Grapes— Fontainebleau, $1 75 single crate.
Peaches — McKevitts. 70c box; Early Crawfords.
COc to Jl 10 box; Festers, 75c to $1 35; Deckers,
7Cc to $1 25; St. John, 40c to SOc; Hales, COc
to 70c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Pears — Bartletts,
$1 20 to tl 95 box. Peaches— Decker, 65c to 85c
box; St. Johns, 45c to Sac: Imperials, 55c to COc.
Plums— Burbanks, 30c to jl 05 single crate; Sat
suma, 40c to 55c; Kelsey Japans, 65c to $1 65;
Ogon. 40c to Jl 05; Purple Duane, 45c to 75c;
Yreka. $1 40 to $1 45. Prunes— Tragedy. 35c to
ioc single crate. Twenty-two cars fruit sold
to-day. -v,
CHICAGO. July 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows:
Pears— Bartletts, $1 75<{?1 S5. Peaches—Craw
fords. &6c®*l 15 box; Foster. 70c@$l 20; St.
Johns. 60c@$l 10; Decker, 90c®$l 10. Plums—
Burbanks, 45c© $1 20 single crate; Ogon, 6uc@
$1; Satpuma, 45ig90c; Purple Duane, 45'iT90c;
Washington, 60©90c; Wickson, $1 06@$l 85.
Prunes— Tragedy, SO^OOc single crate. ,
Porter Bros. Company's sales were: Plums—
Washington. CjifrS.'e single crate; P. D., 45@9Oc;
Botan, 95c ; Burbanks, 45c: Ogon. 70@90c ; ¦ Sat
puma, 45®75c; California Red, $1; Japan, S5c;
Royal natives. 5Cc; Yellow Japan, 90c. Prunes —
Tragedy. 50S8Jc single crate; Germans. 70^xS0c
Pears — Bartletts. $1 75ifil SO box and 73C8J1 15
half box; Wllders'. 95c half box. Peaches —
Early Crawfords, 70cff$l 10 box and $1 10 single
crate; Clings, 65c box; St. Johns, S0c&'$l; Fos
ter's. $1 0G4fl 10; Imperials, S5c. Grapes — Fon
tainebleau. J2 Elngle crate. Seven cars of fruit
sold to-day.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 13.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartletts. Jl 75©'2 £0 a box, average $2 39. Plums
— Burbanks, average per single crate, $1 10;
Peach, 60c»T?l, single crate, average 90c; Purple
Duane, S5c$|$l, single crate, average 92c.
Prunes — Tragedy, SOtfjSOc, single crate, aver
age 84c. One car sold to-day.
BOSTON. July 13.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears — Bartletts.
9Oc«7$2 20 a box, average Jl 64. Peaches— Hale's
Early. 30@75c a box, average 65c; St. Johns,
C0c§$l 50 a box. average $1 40. Plums—Bur
banks, 30r©$l 10, single crate, average 59c.
Prunes — Tragedy. EOJf'Oc, single crate, average
63c Ten cars sold to-day. *
MONTREAL, Quebec, July 13.— The Earl
Fruit Company's sales of California fruit at
auction to-day are as follows: Pears — Bart
letts. $2 25SJ2 55 a box. average J2 41. Peaches — ¦
Hale's Early. 5C@90c a box. average 70c. Prunes
—Tragedy, 75®90c, single crate, average 79c. Six
cars 6old to-day.
Eggs are dearer. Butter and Cheesa are un
changed.
The early fruits, such as Cherries and Apri
cots, are giving way to Peaches. Grapes and"
Melons, though the two latter are still dear
and scarce. Berries are plentiful, of course.
There is nothing new in Vegetables.
Meats and Poultry stand about as before.
Coal per ton —
Cannel $ ©13 OOlSouthfleld
Wellington . @10 00 I ¦Wellington — <®11 »
Seattle $8 COJp |Coos Bay & J 5w
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per aqr.-Mn^S Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 30335 dozen -. 2O^CS
Cheese. Cal 10"g 15 1 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. . 17'c2<> f pound ViQlS
Ch»e!>e. Swiss {DOS Do. extracted.. .lOfjjH
Common Eggs 13iS17|
Meats, per !b —
Bacon lo / S17|Pork. salt 11^315
Beef, choice 153201 Pork Chops l'v'.j
Do. good 10'il2;Round Steak 1<V£13
Corned Beef —©10 , Sirloin Steak 15#—.
Ham Eastern. .15@17'-j I Porterhouse do....20®;S
I.ard — "jrio ; Smoked Beef —©15
Mutton lC&UjPork Sausages.. lZ^ft^
Spring Lamb 12-y U Veal — 915
Pork, fresh U320i
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each SO'jj'SO 'Turkeys, per lb-..13#:o
Tounr Roosters. I Ducks, each 5di*55
each TSCgJl 00'Geese. each...Jl 23<@l 59
Old Roosters, ea.-^oOlPigeons. pair 40©5O
Fryers, each 4<ya45 Rabbits, pair 4CS5i>
Broilers, each 30<g40)Hare. each —4320
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots 4t? 5:Grapes. per lb 10f3S>
Almonds, per lh..l.Vy — [Oranges, dozen... .10Cgf25
Apples V't o'Lemons. dosen 10fg2O
Bananas, dozen... lOfiC* Nectarine*, per lb tit S
Blackberries, clwr^f)^) Plums, Der lb 4^ 5
Crabapples. per lb *''t 5 Italsina. per lb... S^IS
Cantaloupes. each.25'^3Ilaspberrles. dwr..J0 / g4<J
Currants, drawer. 3CJ£5im Peaches, per lb... 43 8
Figs, per lb Ztf S Strawberries, per
Logan Berries, per j drawer 29®85
drawer £0^60, Walnuts, per lb. — @1J
Nutmeg Melons, ¦ Watermelons, ea,.— <if—
each Cg^i
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz ... 30^60 ! Lettuce, per do2..UO—
Asparagus, per lb 4^10: Onions, per lb.... JiJ 5
Beets, doz Kir 13 1 Okra. green, per
Beans, white, lb.. oS— ! lb 15®M
Colored, per lb.. Vit 3 1 Peppers. green.lb »#li)
Lima, per lb — !ff 8 [Potatoes, per lb.. Z r Q 5
Cabhage. each 5<<J"10j Parsnips, per doz. 15®—
Cauliflowers, each r-'<*10 Rhubarb, per lb.. 4"t* 9
Celery, bunch i#— I Radishes, da bchsU>3l3
Cress, doz bnchs..2')'g2J Sage, doz bnchs. .25^35
Cucumbers, per j String Beans, lb.. 49 I
dozen ......r 10@ — Summer Squash
Egg Plant, lb.... l&tn per lb 49 5
Green Corn. doz.AZ'aZO jThyme. per lb 20#39
Ore^n Peas, lb — 1@ a rurnlps, »er Jay. .liW.5
Lentils, per lb C& S [Tomatoes, per lb. 59 •
Fish-
Barracuda l?t? — Shad .......129—
Carp ... v S§10 Sea Bass —ail
Codfish 12@— ISmelta 12©—
Flounders icSlOiSoles 12®—
Halibut 12ai5'Skates, each g®«
Klngflsh — / Sl2lTomcod —619
Mackerel lCft — Clams, gallon B0@—
Do. Horse — if— Do hardshell.lCO. 4Oft50
Perch 1C<@12 Crabs, each 10®l5
Pcmplno — <g— Do softshell. dz.2Stf.t5
Rockflsh — '{£12 Mussels, quart.... 10<aia
Salmon, fresh 12315 Oyster*. Cal. 10O..40Q5O
Do. smoked — {£20 Do Eastern. doz2j^4O
Shrimps Sj£io
• ' —
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' " July. Bept.
Opening » :?*
Closing «3^
Wheat— July. Sept-Dec.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
Flour —
Opening
Closing
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July 13.— CATTLE— Receipts. 8W.
Steers, steady; butchers' stock, firm. Natives,
good to prime steers, $5 lOtfo "0; poor to me
dium, $4 E0@3; selected feeders, steady, fifp
4 75; mixed stoekers, $2 7*>@3 ?5: cows, $2 C(V9
4 75; heifers, $3@5: canners, $2@2 75: bulls. J2 60
(34 45: calves. $4 I0S6 75. Texans— Fed steers.
$4 15rft5; grass steers, $3 40<34 10; bulls, «2 50
©3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 15,000; to-morrow,
13,000 estimated:, left over, 250O. Active. 10c
higher; top, $5 45. Mixed and butchers', $5 15@
5 45; good to choice heavy. $5 2006 45; rough
heavy, $:>f?5 15; light, $5 2005 43; bulk of sales,
$5 S5@5 42>*.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2<">0. Sheep and lambs,
good to choice,' stronger: others, steady. Good
to choice wethers, $4 lO-g* 50; fair to choice
mixed, $3 lCKr?4 10; Western sheep and year
lings, $3 65174 60: Texas sheep, $3 15@4; native
lambs, $5 23<S?6 90; Western lambs. $566 25.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July is.— METALS— Iron con
tinues in the same unsatisfactory shape. Plsr
iron warrants were quoted at $13 50 nominal.
Tin in London adx-anced £1 on spot. The lo
cal . market continues firm at $33 75'5'34 12»^.
BuslneES. however, was very quiet. Copper in
London war. 5s lower, but the local market
ruled unchanged at $16 50. Lead ruled dull at
$3 97»A©4 02H and spelter dull and easy at ti 20
Qi 25. The brokers' price for lead was $3 SO
and for copper $16 25.
Philippine Duties in Court.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 13.— Portland export
ers who have made shipments to the Philip
pine Islands have decided to institute proceed
ings against the United States Government for
the recovery of duties paid at Manila. As soon
as the papers are prepared the case will be
filed in the Court of Claims at Washington,
and if the decision is adverse to the claim
ants an appeal will be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The claim amounts
to about $10,000.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July 13.— At the wool auction eales
to-day 12,377 bales were offered. Including a
full and good selection, which was mostly sold.
Good medium greasy merinos and coarse cross
breds were in strong demand. The improve
ment was due to a better demand from the
continent.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., July 13.— Clearings, 1454,
844; balances, J131.S00.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 13.— Offerings of
Wheat are so light it is difficult to get accurate
quotations. No. 1 Walla Walla Is quoted at
57ffi)5Sc, but as much of the new wheat that Is
offering will grade considerably better than
the present standard for No. 1. a premium over
these figures is offered in some cases. Valley
is nominal at 56©57c,
Cleared— Bark Flfeshire for Queenstown with
75,744 bushels of Wheat.
TACOMA, Wash., July 13.— No change in
Wheat. Fifty-seven cents for club and 59o for
blue item.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 13.— Consols. 09; Silver, 28%d:
FTench rentes. 99t 90c: wheat cargoes on pas
sage, rather easier, 3d lower: No. 1 Standard
California, 30s 9dj Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English
country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, July 13.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4d@-6a 4%d; French
country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 29-32d.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL. July 13. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 6d; No. 1
California. Gs 4«4d®Gs 6W.d. Futures, quiet;
July, nominal; September, 6s 3%d; December,
nominal. .
CORN — Spot, new firm; old. quiet: American
mixed new, 4s l%d; do old. 4b 2d. Futures, quiet;
July 4s l&d; September, 4s 2%d.
NEW YORK, July 13. — Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
Much attention is jA<1 at this period by th«
speculative world to corn crop conditions and
prospects. The news bearing on the subject at
present has been favorable, though drought and
hot winds in the western portion of the corn
belt have furnished material lor stories of a
total loss to the crop In that section. This was
the occasion for some selling of the granger
stocks during: the week. The Chinese troubles
also continued to look very grave, though at
the beginning of the week the disposition In
l^ondon and the other foreign financial centers
was to look on tha absence of news from
Peking as a good rather than a bad sign. Lon
don's sales of American stocks were partly
counterbalanced by renewed purchases, and It
was noted that all of the foreign offerings have
been very well taken. In fact, the market,
though narrow and at times a very dull one,
has Fhown a considerable degree of under
lying strength, and this activity was in con
nection with the advances of several prominent
trading stocks, like Union Pacific, Baltimore
and Ohio common, Illinois Central, Norfolk and
Western and Sugar. In the case of the two
first-mentioned securities the movements were
ba*e-d on renewed reports of favorable action
in connection with dividends, the expectation
being that both stocks will be placed on a 4
per cent basis. The declaration of a 2 per
cent semi-annual dividend on Louisville and
Nashville had a favorable effect, although it
v.-as about what had been confidently looked
for. The disposition of the street, In fact. Is to
take a more cheerful view of railroad dividend
prospects.
The l>nnn: market, too. Is bare of offerings,
and in come cases prices for favorite, moder
ately high ifsues have fully recovered the
amount of their July coupons in the past fort
night.
Family Retail Market.
Bradstreef s Financial Reviezv.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@lSc; dairy, 14
©17c; che«se. quiet. 9Vi@10^c; eggs, firm;
fresh, llo.
Charters.
Th« ElweH loajis lumber at ChemaJnus for
Cape Town. CTs €4. cr Dela^oa Bay. 70s; option
of EyrJner. 47» 6d: or Me'.bourn* or Adelaide.
E5»; prior to arrival. ¦
The Falls of Clyde loads mercha-nflise for
HIlo- the Uifldekel loads wheat and barley for
Europe. S*s 5d (Cd lepg direct), prior to arrival;
the Haydn Brown loadf lumber at Eureka for
Australia- the Ripel loads wheat for Europe.
?7s CO, prior to arrival: the Callfornlan. sup
plies to Mar.ila for United States Government.
An Additional Manifest.
An aoCitlcnal ir.an'.feet has been reported for
the Moans, trhich sailefl Wednesfiay for Aus
tralia. valtiM «t $1171, consisting of the fol
lowir.ir:
For "Australia— * ct pas engines, 9 pkps mls
cellcne^us: mdse. f pkps rnl!l work, value 11109.
F<-r New Zealand— 4 pkgs nslscellaceous radse,
value j;2.
Weather Report.
FORECAST
O5<Hh Merifllan— Pacific Time.)
Pan Francisco. Cal.. July 13. 1S0O. S p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
TSureka. P-ed Bluff 9S
Mt Tamalpais 74 Sacramento 94
Iridependence 5>5 San Luis Obiepo. 80
Frryno 108 Ban Diego 70
L>* Anceles f6.
San Francisco ficta: Maximum temperature.
C . minimum, £1; mean, £7.
V.'EATIIEK CONPITIONS AND GENERAL |
Owing to wire trouble reports are missing
fr^m all stations on the Pacific Coast from
T'-irrka northward. An extensive area of low
pressure overile* the pouthern half of the Pa
cific Klope and pmlably extends northward into
Idaho and Oregon. Conditions are unfavorable
for settled ciear weather.
Th» temperatures continue hiph throughout
California. In the San Joafjuin and Sarra
merto valleys the temj'eraiurt-s are 5 degrees
fibove the normal.
The following maximum wind velocity is re
ported: Independence. 26 miles from the west
Cloudy weather is reported in Southern Cali
fornia, "and there are prrne indications of the
fl-PP r <~<.i r h of a BuOUll storm.
FcrecaFt? mac> at San Franclsoo for thirty
hours. en<i'.np r.-.idnlpht. July 14:
Nrrthem California— Cloudy Saturday: unpet
tlf-d weather; fresh southerly -winds in the In
terior; brick westerly wir.<2« on the coaet with
fog.
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Saturday; possibly showers In the extreme
eouthern portion: fresh southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
Utah— «1ou<ly Saturoay.
Arizona — Clou>1y Saturday.
Ksn Kr«n<-!sco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday;
fresh westerly winds with fog.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
21.040 Union Pacific 54%
1.344 fnlon Pacific prefd 73^
Wabash 6»»
200 Wabash prefd 1SH
ECO Wheeling & Lake Erie t%
1C0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2ZM
Wisconsin Central 14
Uxrrefs Companies —
Adams 116
American ....153
United States 46
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 34U
American Cotton OH prefd 88
100 American Malting 3&
2.2M American Malting prefd 19%
1.EO0 American Smelting and Refining 3rt%i
An.erican Smelting and Refining pfd SS
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
150 American Steel Hoop prefd 19
American Steel Hoop prefd BS*i
1.670 American & Wire Z2hi
420 American Steel & Wire pr*M 72
110 American Tin Plate ?0
200 American Tin Plate prefd 75
S00 American Tobacco 91%
American Tobacco prefd 125
100 Anaconda Mining Co 40
11.6J5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit W*
Colorado Fuel q Iron E2 : s
165 Continental Tol.<iCCO 2^
120 Continental Tobacco preM 7^4
6,os; Federal Steel 32
«K) Federal Steel prefd C'H
General Electric 130
270 CJlucoee Sugar , 51%
Gluc'^se Sugar prefd 97
ICO International Paper 22%
S00 International Paper prefd 64
Laclede Gas 73%
National BiscUit -S\
National Biscuit prefd S2
National Lead 13
National Lead rrefd 96
6*0 National Steel 2.1'i
L290 National Steel prefd 83\
New York Air Braka 135
North American ! l.'\i
Pacific Coast 50
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2J prefd 60
4C0 Pacific Mail 27H
710 People's Oas 9SU
Pressed Steel Car 43
Prised Bteel Car rrefd .J 73
Pullman Pa lore Car .....' 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine i%
C.5:.O Sugar 117'i
Suear prefd 117
l,r«K) Tennessee Coal &: Iron 15%
3.CM United .States Leather Mi
United States Leather prefd 67Va
130 Unite.! Stnte r Rubber : 23
109 United States Rubber prefd 81
155 Western Union 7S»;
Republic Iron find Steel Co 11 5 »
Republic Iron fc Steel Co. prefd 03
P C C & St Louis 57
Third Avenue 110
190,800 Stares Fold.
CLOSING BOND!?.
U S 2s ref. reg. ]M K & T 2ds 69%
wnen issued 103'ii Do 4s 90
Do coup: 103%(X Y Cent lets 10S
Do 2s rear 100 iN J Cent sen 5E..1224
Do 2s rrg lOSUiNorth Pac 3s 66>«
I)o !< wrap lOSiil Do 4s 104 1 ,
Do new 4« reg....l34 iN T C «r St L 4s..H>6
Do cM 4s coup... 134 'Nor & West con 4s S7
Do oM 4= eoup..ll4'j:Oregnn Nav lsts...lO7
Do new 4s coup. ,134 I Do 4s 102
Do 5a reg .113U Oregon S L 6s 127H
l)o If coup 114 j Do con 5f 112
Dist of Col 3.6.'!>....m jReading Gen 4s 88*4
Atchlsen pen 4s 101t; It G & W IMS 97^4
Do a.M 4s S3U St L & I M con 5s. 110
Canada South 2<ls..l f ;7V Do gen 6s 121
Ches & Ohloi'is... 9*4 ! Pt Paul con 167
Do 5s llfi»* St P C & P lsts-.imfc
Chi &¦ N con 7s 144V Do 5s 118'-4
Do 8 F Deb 5s. ..120 So Ry 4s »79»i
Ch\r Term 4s 92 i Do 5s 108'^
Colo So'ith 4s 84S; Stand R & T 6s.. 71H
D & Jt G lirts 102 Tex & Pac lsts 111"*
Do 4s B2% Do 2<Js 55
Erie Gen 4s RS» 4 U Pacific 4s 105-%
Ft W & D C lfts.. 70' 2 WabaFh lsts 116
GeaElecGa HCtf Do 2<is 101«i
Iowa Cent l^ts 112>i West Shore 4s 112V4
K C & P G lsts <2tijWki Cent lsts SS
L & N unif 4s 98%IVa Centuries SO
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 1« Ontario 6 2T>
Crown Point CC'Ophlr 66
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Plymouth 10
Ifc-adwood 40 Quicksilver 1 50
Goul'l & Curry 20| Do pr»fd 6 CO
Hale & Norcrops... 22 Sierra Nevada 4 10
Jlomestake 50 00, Union Con 17
Iron Filvcr f.3 Yellow Jacket 10
Mexican 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iWest End 85
Call loans 2 1 /tS3% \Ve ? tinKhouee El... 44'i
Time loans 3 ; Bonds-
Stocks— 'Atchison 4s 100
A T £z S F 23%{Tf E Gas&Coke 5s. 64
A T & S F r>r<"fd. ry, i Mining Shares-
American Sugar 117 ! .i!Adv«-nture» 2%
Am Sugar prefd...H6 |All«>uez M!n Co 1
J<ell Telephone 14T> :Amalg Copper 85
P.oston & Albany. 250 [Atlantic 22
Bifton Elevated. -.141 (Boston & Mont 299
Boston & Maine.... KH jButte & Boston 64
Chgo, IJur &; Q....124'4 Calumet & Hecla..728
J>iminion Coal .... SS v'entennlal 17
Federal Steel 32'i i'ranklin 13
Fed Steel prefd 6J% Opceola 64
Fitrhburg prefd. ...137 ; Parrot, ex div 40
Mexicar. Central... 12Vi,Qulnc-y HO
Mich Telephone S7 iSanta Fe Copper.. 4%
N E Gas & Coke. 15% (Tamarack 140
Old Colony 205 { Utah Mining 26Vi
Old Dominion lS'^IWinona Z\
Rubber 22 J i (Wolverines 87
Unicn Pacific 64*»i
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 19.000
Wheat, bushels 39.000 14.000
Corn, bushels 467,000 97o,0O0
Oats, bushels 131.000 522.000
Rye .bushels 4.000 3.0C0
Barley, bushels 6.000 19.000
Sih-er lower. Sterling Exchange higher.
Wheat declined again. Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay steady at the noted advance.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Vegetables continue plentiful.
Eggs showing more firmness. Butter and Cheese quiet.
Poultry firm under moderate supplies.
Prune situation in the Santa Clara Valley unfavorable.
Provisions dull at previous prices.
Hides, Hops and Wool unchanged.
Hogs weaker under increased arrivals.
Epokane 1.137.S5S 4.T
Bloux City 1,078,190 13.5 ....
New Bedford 010,460 .... 3.7
Knoxvllle. Tenn.... 535,556 .... 23.2
Topeka S70 S13 50.7
Birmingham 7S6.071 2S.8
Wichita 482,222 .... ....
Blnghamton 373,960 .... ....
Lexington. Ky 502.796 .... 11.1
Jacksonville. Fla... 264.040 8.1
Kalamazoo 403.635 10.7 ....
Akron. 0 5S3.0O0 12.8
Chattanooga 380,597 20.6 ....
Rockford, 111 382,789 .... 9.4
Canton, 0 229 000 ' ....
Springfield. 0 324,044 9.4
Fargo, N. D 828,252 B.I ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 155,146 1.8
Hastings, Nebr 164,972 .....
Fremont, Nebr 150.314 87.6
<Jalve?ton 4.3S9.CO0 16.6
Toledo 2.ES8.148 12.1
Davenport 1,253,678 26.6
Houston 6.228.C66 12.0
Helena „ » 638.300 .... 18.2
Evansvllle 1,050,256 4.2 ....
Mar-on 776.000 C7.6
Little Rock 4^9,252 S3.0
Springfield. Ill 648,335 41.8
loungatown, 0 830,289 .... 8.4
Totals. U. S $1,525,014,558 21.1
Totals outside N. T 664,G23,315 .... 0.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $16,542,904 3.2
Toronto 11,947,373 20.5
Winnipeg 2.143.900 11.1 ....
Halifax 2,090,061 41.0 ....
Hamilton 815,573 4.4 ....
St. John, N. B 879,296 24.3
Vancouver 1,108.664 36.0 ....
Victoria 913,679 4S.9 ....
Totals _... (36,441,450 12.7 ....
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July ;.... 79H 7914 77% 77T4.
August 79% 79% 7S»i 78%
September 60?i S0?4 7D 79U
Corn No. 3—
July 44U 44'/ 4 43>4 «%
August 44*i 44H «H 43%
September 45 45 43% 43%
Oats No. 2 —
July 24 24 23% 23?4
August 24'4 244 23% 24
September 24?i 24?i 24V4. 24%
Mess -Pork, per bbl —
July. 12 45
September 12 674 12 67ft 12 60 12 62*4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 S7H 6 87*4 6 85 .« 85
September 6 92% 6 92% 6 90 6 92%
October 6 90 6 93 6 90 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 6 95 6 95 6 90 6 90
September 7 02V4 7 02V4 6 97^ 7 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 wheat, 74S77c: No. 2 red. 7S5i®
80Hc: No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yellow, 43*i@44V!.c:
No. 2 oats, 24%fg23Vic; No. 2 white. 2Sc; No. 3
white, 28W<S"2«c; No. 2 rye. 60@61e: good feeding
barley. 3S©42c; fair to choice malting, 43<ffi-iSc;
No 1* flaxseed. $1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 SO;
prime timothy seed, J3 27H; mess pork, per bbl.
|12 50@12 55: lard, per 100 lbs, |6 85@6 87V4; short
ribs sides (loose), *5 D0@7 20; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 69i@7c; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 5007 60; whisky, basis high wines, *1 23;
sugars, cut loaf. 6.78c; granulated, 6.22c; con
fectioners' "A," 6.18c; off "A," 6.03c; clover,
contract grade, $8.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
manrt sterling to-day revived discussion In Wall
street of possible gold exports.
The bid price for demand bills, $1 86%.
brought the rate above international parity
and within rante of -engagements If conditions
abroad should become sufficiently urgent to
Justify the allowance of "interest in transit."
One foreign exchange house said that to-day'fl
market looked like shipments next week if the
present tendency toward higher rates should
be maintained. A rumor •was current that one
banking house was actually figuring on a ship
ment by next week's steamer. A prominent
house said it waa too early to predict where
the sold would go "in case a, shipment should
be negotiated; higher money prevailed in Eng
land axid discount was easier in Berlin. Paris,
It Is believed, will get some gold by next Thurs
day's steamer if negotiations go through. No
Bold has been shipped from here to Europe
since June 21, the total exports of that week
from New York having been $4,251,000, most of
which, I3.500.C00. went to Germany.
Berlin was at that time in financial straits,
its money market ruling at 5Vs per cent and its
exchange on London having fallen consider •
ably. The market has eased since then, aa to
day's reduction of % per cent in the Imperial
Bank of Germany's official rate shows. But
Paris exchange to London, which in June stood
at 25f 12',4c to the pound sterling, about the
usual point when gold goes to France from
London, has subsequently fallen 2c further.
and it is estimated that on a "triangular opera
tion" this very low Paris rate would offset the
low point of New York exchange as the spe
cial inducement offered by Berlin did last
month. The last gold shipment to (Jermany
was arransed with sterling at |4 86%, or H«
above to-day's rate.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July IS.— Close: Money on call,
quiet, at 1V4@2 per cent. Prime mercantile pa
per, 3%@3H per cent. Sterling exchange, firm,
with actual business in bankers' bills at J4 S6?i
@4 86% for demand and J4 84V4 for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 85<g4 87%; commercial bills,
U SSViQ'4 S3V4. Silver certificates, 61%@C2%c.
Bar silver. 61V4c. Mexican dollars. 4S">4c. Gov
ernment bonds, steady; State, inactive; rail
road bonds, lrrecular.
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON. July 13.— To-day's sta.tement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the SIM.OOO.OOO gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $150,22S,691; gold, $70,954,958.
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The markets here were exceptionally idle to
day Influenced by the dismal rumors about the
legations In Peking. Business, however, was
very small and prices were not much affected.
The reduction of the Berlin bank maximum
discount rate from 6H to 6 per cent steadied the
markets.
American securities moved within a narrow
range without future.
The bank loet £7000 gold to China.
The cement combination, recently mentioned
In trade dispatches, was formally announced
to-day. It has a capital of £5,0O0.000.-
LONDON, July 13.— Atchison, 26'/4: Canadian
Pacific, 91U; Union Pacific preferred 7CV4;
Northern Pacific preferred, 78: Grand Trunk.
6%i: Anaconda, R. Bar silver, steady; 2S%d per
ounce. Money, 1^4 per cent.
bottom prices. September sold flown to 79c,
but recovered to 79%c on the late buying. The
close was at 79%@79Uc. a decline of \y»"i l'ic.
Corn was steady. Influenced by reports of
continued hot weather in Kansas and Ne
braska. Opening prices showed a substantial
advance, but this Induced profit-taking. The
close was '/4@%c lower for September.
Oats followed corn. September closed H@V«c
lower. - "
Provisions, though rather dull, showed stead
iness throughout the session. Hog receipts
were light and the cash demand for meats
was good. At the clcie September pork was
2>/4iS5c higher, lard 5c higher and ribs 2Vic
higher. •
The leading- futures ranged as follows:
n 07tf@l 20; Gray, n 10@l 15; Black. *1 02%@l 13
Pe cORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 17%@1 10 per
ctl: Eastern White. |1 17^81 20 per ctl; Mixed.
»1 15®1 17H- v
RYE— 92Vi@95c per cti.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California family extras, 13 60-&3 73.
usual terma; bakers' extras, ?3 4033 50; Oregon
and Washington. 12 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and *3 1303 50 for bakers' ; Eastern. |4 7 i<3
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 73; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. *7; Corn Meal. 12 7C;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 £0; Hom
iny, S3 5C«p-3 75; Buckwheat Flour, |4'ii4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. 14 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), Jtift
7 25, in sacks. $3 75@7; Pearl Barley. |5; Split
Peas. |5; Green Peas. $5 £0 per 100 lbs.
Hay rules steady at the advance, which,
however, has been so sharp that It has checked
the buying demand. Prices show no further
charge. Reports from tha leading districts
say that Hay Is selllne higher in the country
than In San Fran<*i;<co. From present Indica
tions this year will be a great surprise to every
body in the Hay business.
BRAN-H2 lO'un 'M per ton.
MIDDLINGS— tl7<920 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $18 per ton:
Oilcake MeaJ at the mill. $2C®27; Jobbing. »27 50
628; Cocoanut Cake, J20@21: Corn Meal. |24 £0:
Cracked Ccm. |25; Mixed Feed. JH.
HAY— Wheat. |S 5Cgll for common to good,
Sll 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. |3 50^11; Oat,
*7 cO@9.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, 14 50ff<i FO; Wheat.
17 £0@10 50; Wheat and Oat. $^10: Oat, 17
®3 10; Clover, $4 60S3; Alfalfa, JS®7 10; Barley.
$6£S per ton.
STRAW— 25S37HC rer bale.
Beans and See'ds. j
There Is nothing; new to report.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 S5S3; Small Whtta, 13 230
3 40; large White, |2 7502 90; Pink, J2 50@2 90;
Red. $2 5OS3; Blackeye. 12 5003 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. |5 30®5 40; Pea. |3 43©3 50; Red
Kidneys. |4®4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, |1 9O@2 20; Canary, 3^ic per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp. 4'S4%c; Timo
thy. 4O4^4c.
DRIED— PBAS-Niles. |2 25@2 50; Green. *2 S
@2 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, -Onions and Vegetables.
The market is well supplied with all descrip
tions and prices show no marked change.
POTATOKS— Garnet Chiles. SO@7<>*: New
Early Rose, 30@40c; New Burbanks, 35't£75c pel
Ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. E(Vt65c; Yellow. 90c@W
per ct!.
VEGETABLES — Green Com, 50c® |1 23 per
Back; SI per crate for Berkeley and Jl'gjl- 50
for Alameda: Asparagus, 73ciffJ3 per box;
Green Peas, 2@3c per lb: String Beans, 13
3c; Limas. — ; Cabbage. 40*?£0c: Tomatoes. 15'gJ
35c per nmall box; Rivers. 75C&J1 25; Egg Plant.
73c© $1 25 per box; Green Okra. 10c; Green
Peppers, 40c® $1 per box for Chili and 50cg|l
for Bell; Dried Peppers, S'QlOe; Carrots, 25ft £>c
per sack: Summer Squash. 50-5 35e for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 23®35o for Alameda; Garlic.
24r3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern sold at 12%c for Turkeys,
|1 50 for Geese, |3 50JI5 for Ducks, $6®6 30 for
Hens. J6@7 50 for young Roosters, $1§3 for old
Roosters.
I.»oeal stock was not materially changed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gob
lers and lOf/llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 2">;
Goslings. II 2Z/Q1 CO; Ducks, $31?4 for old and
f3 5O^?4 50 for young; Hens, ll'SS: young Roos
ter», |4 50^0; old Koosters, $3 50S4; Fryers. 14;
Broilers. S^fj3 5f> for large and $1 75fi2 50 for
small: Pigeons. ?1 23t?l 50 per dozen for old and
|1 23<gl 30 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eg-g3 continue to show more firmness and an
other slight advance is noted. Butter and
Cheese are still dull.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18H019c: sec
onds, 17*it7l8c.
Dain - — Fancy. 16%: good to choice. 15-4*?16c;
common. 14515c.
CHEESE— New, S@9c: Toune America, »'i®
10c: Kastern. 16' a l7c; Western. 15« ltic per Tb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14.913c for store and 17©
lSV4c per dozen for ranchj Eastern, 14^®15c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches are doing rather better. Melon* ara
also somewhat higher. Other fresh fruits stand
about the same.
Limes, have again advanced, being la light
supply.
L»Kl - ir>T'OTTP FRT'ITS—
APRICOTS— y>!Qo0c rer box and crate; In
baskets, 20@30c and $7 50@20 per ton to the can
ners.
APPLES — 40c§n for large boxes; Graven
etelns. 75C0H 25; Crabapples. 2.">'i?30c per box.
PEARS— 25'fT5Oc per box; Bartletts, 30gi73c.
PLUMS— 2ty^4Oc per box and crate and 2C'335o
per basket; in bui*. tiwHih per t"n: Prunes,
S5"550c per crate and 2O'ffST,c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— 12 5033 50 per chest for
large and $2<<j4 for small berrie*.
RASPBERRIES— JC56 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— 12154 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— S?«S per chest.
CURRANTS— $1 5^T3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— €37c per lb.
FIGS— Per box, 23@40c for single and #>@73c
for double lavers.
NECTARINES— White, 40®€!)c per box; red.
40@75c.
PEACHES— 30350c per box and 3fr350c per
basket for common and 30@50c per box and
3O0."Oc per basket for Crawfords; in bulk. |1»@
20 per ton.
GRAPES — From Arizona, I1®1 50 per crats;
Fontainebleau. from Vacavllle. 55@85c.
MEIX5NS— Nutmegs, "ZcQll 25 per case and $2
@2 25 per crate: Cantaloupes. $1 75 for Arizona,
per case, and $3.'ff4 $0 for nearby.
CITRUS— FRL'iTfe— St. Michaels. I1S2: Va
ler.cias, $1 50<fi'2 30; Lemons, llffl 50 for com
mon and 82^3 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes. $3®3 SO; Bananas. 73cf?$2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, Jl 50<g3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The Prune situation in tin Santa Cicra. Val
ley Is unfavorable. It was the Intention of the
packers to announce prices for the new crop
on Thursday, but the reports from the orchards
were bo significant that after a session pro
tracted until 1 o'clock yesterday morning they
decided not to name any quotations until Aug
ust 1. It seems that the Prunes have stopped
growing and are turning yellow, in addition to
the serious drop already mentioned. Those that
will mature will probably be small. The enor
mous crop which has been expected Is a thing
of the past, thoueh it must not be Inferred that
anything like a failure Is anticipated.
DRIE1J FRUITS — O!d Crop — i'luurs. In sacks,
*M<S*\ic for 40-&0's. 3»i®4c for ,'0-60's, 3Vs#3»ic
for 60-*70's, 3Vi@3Uc for 70-SO's, 3S3V4C for 80-97 s
and 2 s itT3c for 90-lOG's; Peaches. 4Vi@4s;e for
Standards. 5c for choice and 5Vs@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches. 10tfl2Vfcc; Kvaporated Apples,
5^@Gc: sun-dried. 3#4c per lb: Pears. 3^(ftA^c
for dark and 7@Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs. 1%®2c: White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums. 7Vic; Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and IVic for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots, 6<S27^c per tt>.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
n>. 10c; choice. 9c: standard. 8c: prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per Tb. 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb, SHc: choice, 7%c: standard, 6U C 
prime. Oc; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless.'
50-lb boxes, oc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5U C ;
3-crown. 6*40; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.'fl
crown. %l 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, |2; Dehesa, 12 50; Imperial. 13. All
prices are f. 0. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8<?9c for Standards and fvj
10c for softshells; Almonds, HH®12c for paper
shell, 9® 10c for soft and 4£5c for hardshell-
Peanuts. I'HQ^c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7%^Sc; Filberts, l'aruc
'Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. 13 50^5.
HONET-Corab. 12H©13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber: water white, 7%S7u, c - li-hr
amber extracted. C^gTc; dark. 6c per lb
BEESWAX-24©26c per ft. °'
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOSlO^e r>er lb for
heavy. 10U@10>4c for light medium. 1114c for
light. 12Vic for extra light and 14Vic Tor su-ar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12©i3c
Mess Beef. 112 per bbl; extra Mess. $13- Fam-
l 1 /' W i,f& ra B Pri I?!. Pork - JU: « tra «»«r. «»:
Mess. S16 50: Emoked Beef. 12<A©13c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8V4c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
S'ic; 10-lb tins. 9Uc; 5-lb tins, 9Kc
COTTOLENE- One half barrel, "s-ic; three
half barrels, S»ic; one tierce. 8tte: two tierces,
8Vic; five tierces, S»ic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
All descriptions under this head are quiet
and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9>4c; medium. Shic: light, SHc: Cowhides. S^ic:
Stags, Gc; Salted Kip. Sc; Calf. 9c; Dry Hides,
sound, 16c; culls and brands. 13c; Dry Kip,
15c: Dry Calf, 16c; Sheepskins, Shearlings, 20©
30c each; short Woo!. 30©50c each: medium, 60
©80o; long Wool. 90c@Jl 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2@2 25 for large. Jl 75 for medium, il for
small and 50c for colts: Hors? Hides, dry, $1 50
for large. $1 23 for medium, Jl for small and 23
@SOc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c# winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c:
large and smooth. EOc; medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c: refined, 5V?c; grease, 2®2»4c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 11215c; Northern defoctlva. ISA
Flour, qr sks .... 16.712 Sugar, sks I.0PO
Wheat, ctls 5.920 Sugar, bbls K3
Barley, ctls 22.310 Shorts, sks 250
Oats, ctls S.910 Lime, bbls 150
Rye. ctls 1.600 Wine, gals 25.000
Butter, ctls 380 Quicksilver, fisks 2*
Chee?e. ctls 43 Leather, rolls ... 231
Beans, sks 339 Esgs. doz 23,040
Potatoes, ska 4.316. Hides, no 143
Onions, sks 548 Hay. tons *0«
Bran, s*ks 2,42;> Straw, tons ...... 27
Middlings, ska .. o$> Wool, bales ...... ISO
OREGON'.
Bran, ska 4131
FOR FRIDAY. JXTL.T 13.
Receipts of Produce.
RAGS - San Quentin Bars. 13 63: CalcutU
Grain Hags, 6^c: Wool Bags. 28*s©32%c;
Flt-ece Twir.e, 7>,c; Fruit Bags, GW-SS^ic for
white and 8V»@S s ic for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, *'•>; Seattle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coo«
r:ay, $5 30; Wallsend IS; Co-operative Walls
end. $S: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
cel, |li per ton: O>ke, J15 per ton in bulk and
$13 in -sacks; Ca?t!e Gate and Rock Sprlnx».
|3 4G per 2i;C>> pounds.
HICK— China mixed, t* 10: China So. 1. ** 25
cfi4 79; extra do. j:-ifr. SO; Hawaiian. t5®5 23;
Japan. 14 73#-5 £0; l^uislana *4 50@7.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rennins Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb ba«: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.10c; Powdered.
6.70c; Candy Granulated 5.70c: Dry Granulated,
5.60c; Confectioners' A 5.80c; Magnolia A,
5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c: Golden C. 5c; barrels, lOo
more: half-barrels. ;; c more: boxes, 50c more:
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for le««
than 7* barrels or Its equivalent. Domino*,
half-barrels, 6.35c; boxes, 6.60c per lb.
General Merchandise.
Hogs are weaker, receipts having be«i some
what large during the last few days. Other
descriptions stand about' the same.
BEEF- 0@6'ic p*r lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, S^tjac; small. 9fct?10Hc per
pound. ___, ,
ML'TTON— Wethers. 71i@Sc; ewes. t&TVtc per
round.
LAMB-SprliK. 8HS?c Per lb- ¦ •' ~
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small, »%$o T !io
for medium ana 5W*W for large: stoch. nogs
and feeders. 5Vbc; drtsaed Hogs. 8#SVic.
San Francisco Meat Market.
14c: Middle County, free. 14©16c; Middle County
defective. 12®14c; Southern Mountain, 13
months', Ilfjl2c; Southern Mountain free, 1
months" 10@12c: Southern Mountain delectlve.
7 months'. 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendocino.
"KaU'cilp^San Jeaquin Lambs'. 8@9c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5®l0c per lb; new, 9©l0c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
Bradstrect's on Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
PARIS.
CLOSE
10
Neiu York Grain and Produce.Old Berkeleyan Buried.
BERKELEY. July R— Jamea Barry, an
old resident of Lorin. who died in Sacra
mento last "Wednesday, was buried this
afternoon from an Oakland undertakers
parlors. The Interment was hold In St.
Mary's Cemetery. Mr. Barry was 11 years
old and had lived in Lorln for twenty
years. He leaves two brothers. Harry
and David Barry.
Will Convene September 1.
OAKLAND. July 13.— The Democratic
County Central Committee at a meeting
this evening decided to hold the regular
county convention on September 1. Tho
delegates will be selected from Assembly
districts and will nominate Superior
Jurist Supervisors and State Senators.
The three Supervisors will be nominated
by separate conventions.
Oakland Labor Day.
OAKLAND. July 13.— The Building
Trades' Council of Oakland has decided to
hold an elaborate celebration on National
Labor day. Wednesday. September 3.
There will be a parade of all the trades
unions and a picnic. The following com
mittee is In charge of the arrangements
for the celebration: F. H. Pratt. W. J.
Baccus. J. A. Frates. A. J. Hillan and F.
J. Newell.
Representative Grosvenor of Ohio Believes
I That Minister Conger and All the For
eigners in Peking Have Been Put to
LyOCLU I Uy I I Mo I II I lt>.
CALL HEADQUAETERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 13. — Representative Grosve
nor of Ohio arrived here to-day from home on his way to New York, whence he will sail for a brief
trip to Europe. The political outlook is not causing him as much concern as the terrible condition ex
isting in China. His long personal association -with Minister Conger and the dread that the latter has
met an untimely end at barbarous hands is forced upon him by the conflicting and unsatisfactory reports
coming from the Far East.
"I apprehend," said Grosvenor, "that Minister, Conger and all foreigners in Peking have been put
to death by this time. I cannot, convince myself that American ingenuity combined with that of the rep
resentatives of the foreign powers would fail to^ invent some means of communication with the outside
world during this long period of silence if any of them were alive. I cannot help believing that our rep
resentatives and their allies, if alive, would have found means of getting word to us at home. In my
judgment, this Chinese question is more terrible to contemplate than any other question we have to deal
with. Of course, it can cut no figure in the coming political campaign, except that it will continue to
overshadow^ in public interest any subject that may be 'suggested by either of the political parties. Even
now the tidings from China are being discussed throughout the land to the exclusion of all other topics,
and the newspapers are relegating national politics to back pages to give the right of way to Chinese
news." , • ¦
BERKELEY, July 13.— Considerable tn
fluence Is being brought to bear upon tho
Berkeley graduate manager, Reno Hutch
lnson, relative to the appointment of a
trainer for the football season. The two
aspirants, Al Lean and Georgo Huffcr
dine, have many friends among the under
graduates and alumni of the University
of California, and each is being pushed
forward as much as possible.
Al Lean had been the athletes' guld* In
training didpllne for two successful sea
sons, but his contract was not renew«»d
earlv this year. He was succeeded by
Hufferdine. who put the track team In
condition and went East with It. Both
are good men. though Lean fcas had con
siderable more experience. Hufterdiaa
was more attentive to his duties.
Manager Hutchlnson will not make hla
choice until college opens, when he will
have the advice of &11 the athletes.
BOTH WANT TO
BE UNIVERSITY TRAINER
OAKLAND. July 13.— The members of
Oakland Hospitlum. Bohemians of Amer
ica, will go to Vallejo next Saturday
evening to co-operate with San Francisco
Bohemians Will Go to Vallejo.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 13.— After five
months' duration the lockout of long
shoremen by the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company has been ended. The company,
as a result of the agreement, will allow
the union the privilege of listing the men
and in return the union agrees to the su
perintendence of the companv's stevedore.
The wages are to be 35 cents per hour for
day work and 40 cents per hour during
the night.
Longshoremen Compromise.
Stowell's Examination Set.
OAKLAND, July 13.— John A. Stowell,
who stabbed Thomas Rohan last Wed
nesday night in a row over a dice game
in a saloon at Eleventh and Franklin
streets, was arraigned in the Police Court
to-day and his preliminary examination
was set for July 20. Ills bail was fixed
at $1000 cash or $2000 bonds.
CHANGE FROM STATE
TO NATIONAL BANK
now being considered and will shortly be
# put into effect by the Central Bank. It
'involves the change of the institution into
a national bank with a savings adjunct
under State laws and a safe deposit at
tachment. The only point remaining un
decided Is the exact date when the change
j will be made.
The Central Bank does a very large
i commercial business now, the bulk of its
! operations being In that form. The change
| from a State bank to a national bank
would not be very great and would give
the bank the beneiit\of the greenbacK
circulation, of which 5t cannot take ad
vantage as long as It remains under the
State banking laws.
The plan involves the changing of the
name of the bank to tne Oakland National
j Bank, with the saving? department to be
i known as the Central Savings and Safe
{ Deposit Company. The present quarters
i of the Central Bank will then be occu
pied by the National Bank and the safe
deposit vaults and savings department
will bo moved into the large store in the
Central liank building across the hallway
from the present quarters.
These changes will involve some consid
erable expense, particularly the moving
of the safe deposit vaults. A system of
tuch vaults would involve the expendi
ture of $50,000. including the cost of the
vaults and the setting of them in place
with proper burglar and lire proof appli
ances.
"In common with a great many other
lianklng institutions we have been figur
ing to sec whether It would be benellcial
for us to change from a State to a na
tional bank," said Cashier Charles Yates,
"and we have always had plans for a safe
deposit system. But when the changes
will be made or whether they will be
made st all has not been determined "
But despite the uncertainty of the state
ment of the bank officials the only point
that remains to he decided Is the exact
date for the changes and that Is not like
ly to be far distant.
The point which lias caused the delay
is the objection upon the part of the stock
holders of the Central Bank to transfer
ring a large amount of deposits to a new
bank. This has been ol-vlated by granting
the stockholders of the Central Bank per
mission to subscribe to the stock of the
new-national bank at par.
An Important Move Contemplated by
the Directors of the Central
Bank of Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 13.— One of the most
Important banking changes in Oakland is
OAKLAND, July 13.— Manager Cal
Ewing Is the victim of another deserter
from the ranks of his baseball aggrega
tion. Pitcher 1i. C. Eeville, after giving
repeated assurances that he would stay
with Oakland, has gone back on his word
and signed to play with the team of
Butte, Mont. Beville is the fifth of
Ewing's players to leave him on short
notice. He Is promised $175 a month sal
aryt
Ewing has suspended his erstwhllo
pitcher from the California League for a
term of five years. Beville is a compara
tively new player and this was his first
season with a league club. He made a
good record as a pitcher and batter. His
place in the box will be filled by Mos
klman.
EWING THE VICTIM
OF ANOTHER DESERTER
ROW OVER PROFITS
OF IRON FOUNDRY
Martin O'Connell Accuses His Part-
ner of Misappropriating Funds
of Phoenix Works.
OAKLAND. July 12.— The Phoenix Iron
and Structural Works of this city is In
volved In a partnership row which threat
ens to be bitterly fought In the courts.
Martin O'Connell has accused hla part
ner of misappropriating the funds of the
firm and refusing to render an account
ing when requested. He claims that ho
has been mulcted In a considerable sum
of money and in a complaint filed In the
Superior Court to-day petitions for the
dissolution of the copartnership and the
appointment of a receiver to take control
of the Iron works until a final decision
is rendered.
The Phoenix Iron and Structural
Works Is a thriving concern, the alleged
wronged partner declares, and the profits
from the business are large. Since tho
copartnership was formed on May 1, 1S9»,
a large amount of money has passed
through the hands of the firm the ac
counts of which have been kept by Hen
neberry.
According to O'Connell his time during
the past year has besn spent away from
the works. It being necessary for him to
superintend outside work and make bids
tor contracts. During his absence. h«
says, hia partner. Henneberry, collected
money which he kept and for which ha
made no accounting. The complainant
also accuses his partner of threatening
to make further collections and wlthholil
the money.
WHY SHE WANTED
A SHORT SENTENCE
*JpP LAMEDA, July 13.— "Look here,
//_j\ Judge, I don't want you to keep
j[~~\™e in the jug any longer than you
can help. My birthday comes on
the 23d of August, and I've got to get out
and enjoy myself."
And Justice of the Peace Morris, who
contemplated giving ancient Jennie Hart
six months in the County Jail for va
prancy. relented. He did not want to be a
party to the spoliation of a lady's day of
pleasure. Forty days, the Judge guessed,
would serve the ends of Justice, and the
prisoner was taken across the estuary to
take the rest cure in Sheriff Rogers'
summer resort.
Although Jennie Hart will be 73 years
old on the day of her liberation, she is
still full of youthful fire. Last night sh.e
destroyed all the furniture in the
woman's department of the City Prison,
and let loose such a volume of oaths that
the police found it necessary to lock her
up in the steel tank. She made kindling
wood of two chairs, a bed and a table, and
twisted the gaspipe out of shape. Supper
dishes viere smashed into bits and
thrown at the officers when they tried
to subdue the woman. The compartment
looked us if it had been struck by a cy
clone. The woman did not cease to swear
roundly when finally reduced and forced
Into solitary confinement. She was
caught yesterday while trying to "lift" a
box of fruit from a grocery on Park
street.
BURKE'S LAND
GOES ASTRAY
OAKLAND, July 13.— John
Burke of Commerce street,
Melrose, is trying to solve
The question as to where he
resides. Up to yesterday he was
sure b,e owned and lived on lot 30
of the Melrose tract, but when he
called at the Tax Collector's office
to pay his taxes he was told that as
the lot was mortgaged the mort
gagee would pay the taxes.
Burke could not remember having
borrowed money on his land and
told the Tax Collector so. That of
ficial, however, was sure of his
stand and showed the Melrose man
the records. There, sure enough,
was the entry of a mortgage on lot
30 of. the Malrose tract. .The mort
gage was executed by Norman J.
Pryde to the San Francisco Sav
ings Union. .
More puzzled than ever. Burke
left the Tax Collector's office bent
on seeking an attorney who could
determine whether he owned lot 30
or had the terrific explosion of the
Melrose Fuse Company's powder
magazine Jolted his flfty-vara lot
over into somebody else's territory.
Burke declared that he was not
averse to having hla taxes paid by
another person, but he objected to
the accompanying mortgage.
Young Man's Bravery Hewaitied.
ALAMEDA. July 13,-Bradford Perry,
the young man who made a gallant res
cue of little Clyde Clarke, at the Green
Arbor baths last Thursday, has been re
warded by the father of the rescued child
with a suit of clothes and a twenty-dollar
piece. The child young Perry saved was
going down for the last time In deep wa
ter when he jumped Into the water with
his clothes on. and after a struggle
brought the little fellow safely to shore.
The child's father did not know of tho
brave act until several days after Its oc
currence.
which the Twenty-seventh Senatorial District
Convention Is called^ will appeal with special
force to the Republicans of the Fiftieth As
sembly District. The Fifty-nrst District will
have twenty-nine votes In the Senatorial con
vention and the Fiftieth but nineteen. These
two Assembly delegations will constitute th«
Senatorial convention, making forty-eight
votes. It Is seen at a glance that the iwenty
nine votes from the Klfty-first will not only
name Its Assemblyman, but will, without any
reference to or regard to the Fiftieth District,
also name the Senator. This arbitrary blanket-
Ing of the Twenty-seventh Senatorial District
has so clearly been done in the Interests of
Mr. Metcalfs candidate for the Senate that it
cannot fail to react.
OAKLAND, July. 13.— The Republican
county campaign was launched in
Alameda County yesterday by the
action of the Republican County
Central Committee, which fixed the plan
for the conventions and the primaries.
The launching was not accomplished,
however, without considerable creaking '->*
timbers and groaning in the spirit of con
tending factions.
The fact was that the friends of Con
gressman Viator H. Metcalf controlled the
County Committee and they fixed the plan
adopted, by which every district fight was
left by itself and trading and combina
tions were made Impossible. It has been
recognized in Alameda County for many
years that trading in conventions was one
of the great evils in politics. A man
might secure his delegates and go Into a
convention applying for some honor and
by a trade lose everything. In the past
combinations have been made between
wards and townships to control conven
tions by trades to the exclusion of other
wards and townships and much bitter
feeling has been engendered tMereby. Can
didates for district nominations have been
at the mercy of trades made between dele
gations not in their district. Assembly
men and Supervisors and Senators have
been nominated by deals between seta of
delegates from other parts of the county.
Under the plan adopted yesterday this
has all been done away with. Every dis
trict will hold its own convention, which
is separate and distinct from every other
convention, with a separate meeting
place and a separate set of delegates, un
der this arrangement every candidate
stands upon his own popularity in his
own district and the results of the pri
maries will be practically a nomination.
Supervisors cannot trade off Assembly
men and Judges cannot trade off the
Supervisors and it resolves Itself to mere
ly a question of whether a man can secure
the delegates from hlf. own district, and
if he can he can be nominated without
danger of being thrown out by combina
tions.
There was a strong tendency to make
combinations throughout Alameda Coun
ty,.the combinations to extend from Con
gress down to local officers. Those who
desired district nominations were seeking
the protection of candidates for Congress
or making combinations with legislative
or supervisorial candidates. Things
threatened to become complicated, for
district lines cut across each other In
most peculiar ways. and. the County Com
mittee made up Its mind to force every
local candidate to stand squarely upon
his own merits and do away, once and
for all. with trading in conventions. It
was a contest between the friends of Vic
tor H. Metcalf and Henry P. Dalton. in,
which the Metcalf forces won.
The Oakland Enquirer, which is the or
gan of Henry P. Dalton and Is supporting
him for a Republican nomination, makes
this attack upon the action of the Re
publican County Committee in the Issue
of this evening:
Never has such a spectacle of political Job
bery been exhibited In Alameda County as that
presented yesterday afternoon at the meeting
of the Republican County Central Committee.
On former occasions there have been incidents
and programmes that have been repudiated by
decent voters at the polls, but the bold and raw
work of yesterday afternoon stands unparalleled
In the history of politics In this county. Prom
ises were broken, decency was cast aside, men
fermltted themselves to be moved abcut like
pawns on a chess-board, and the only redeem
ing? feature of the repulsive spectacle was th*;
fidelity to decency and to manhood shown by
the minority of the committee.
No sooner was the rollcall ended than It was
made evident that the County Committee had
already been controlled to do partisan politics
of the most offensive character.
The resignation of Committeeman Hutton of
Berkeley created a vacancy, and at once the
gang proceeded to fill It by the election of
George D. Metcalf by a vote or 6 to 5.
Under the leadership of Messrs. Nusbaumer
and Frick. the managers of Victor U. Metcalf.
the programme commenced by putting in Mr.
Metcalfs law partner, the appointment of
whose ton as a cadet to Annapolis was one of
Congressman Metcalfs first official acts, as &
member of the committee, and ended by making
the Superior Judges the sponsor* for the party,
and putting the judiciary hopelessly Into the
very vortex of politics.
The most serious aspect, however, of the
whole nefarious business Is the placing of the
superior bench directly In politics. For the
first time the delegates chosen to nominate the
two Judges will also name the new County
Committee. This makes the two Judges ab
solutely responsible for the party machinery,
which cannot but fail to be a position es
pecially repugnant to Judce 0?<1en. who has
always been very positively opposed to dotns
politics. Nor can the situation be ony more
satisfactory to the many friends of Judxe
Ogden. who have become his friends largely
because of the fact that he has persistently
refused to allow the ermine to be tainted with
the practice of politics.
As the matter Is left by the County Com
mittee the Judseshlps and the County Com
mltteemen are inseparable, and they must
stand or fall together. In other words, a man
¦who would secure a nomination for the bench
must "do politics" or lose.
The manifest unfairness of the manner in
American Athletes at Paris Cease
Hard Training.
RESTING FOR THE CONTESTS.
PARIS, July 13.— The American athletes
who are to take part In the contests or
ganized by the exposition authorities
spent the day In relaxing their muscles
from the strain of their recent work and
are giving themselves a thorough rest.
Pennsylvania's men did not come hero
from Versailles, but spent the day in
lounging and taking short walks at Neu
illy. The Princeton men adopted the same
tactics, while the members of the other
teams, which are located In the city
hotels, kept indoors, avoiding the heat,
which is Intense.
At the grounds of the racing club som«
of the foreign entries were at work in tlio
early morning, but the scene was
bright and lovely when the grounds were
filled with well-built specimens of man
hood, representing the highest develop
ment of all branches of athletics engaged
In putting the finishing touches on their
training. Workmen were busy arranging
the track and hurdles and softening the
jumping spots, the hardness of which
caused some complaint. Many of the
officials were making final arrangements
trying to meet the demand for tickets, the
pressure for which Is enormous. The
grandstand Is unpleasantly contracted,
and where the crowds which are expectod
will be accommodated is a hiird propo
sition. Unless a storm should make the
grounds wet and break the summer heat
the weather should be Ideal.
The first of the preliminary trials will
begin at 9 a. m. to-morrow. The day's
meeting will be completed by 1 p. m. in
order not to conflict with the grand mil
itary review which occurs In the after
noon.
CHICAGO RIDEKS IN FRONT.
MILWAUKEE. July 13.— Chicago riders
captured most of the honors in the sec
ond nigrht's- events of the Grand Circuit
National Cycling Association at the Ex
position building. Exciting finishes char
acterized each- event and not an accident
of any kind occurred. Earl Klser was In
jured during practice work this afternoon
and will be unable to ride for a week.
Newhouse of Buffalo captured the mile
national championship (professional). The
results:
One mile, national championship, professional
— M Xewhouse, Buffalo, first; John T. Fischer,
Chicago, second; James B. Bowler, Chicago,
third Time, 2:23 1-5.
One mile. 2:15 class, professional — John T.
Fischer, Chicago, first; Al Newhouse. Buffalo.
second; Otto Maya, Erie, third. Time. 2:19.
N. C. Hopper of Chlcaco won the one-third
mile amateur race. Joseph Lake of Port
Richmond captured the two-mile handicap.
FISHERMEN'S STRIKE GROWING
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 13.— The fish
ermen's strike on Fraser River is grow
ing more acute. The canners state that
the fishermen are being held up In the
gulf and the catch destroyed. The Japa
nese and the white fishermen are now act
ing in unison. The Japanese have asked
permission of th£ white union to fish for
their own food,' as supplies are getting
low. This request was granted.
Members of all the local, labor unions
have been requested by the fishermen's
union to eat fish for a month so as to
make a demand on the market. The
strikers are more confident of success now
that the Japanese have Joined forces with
them. They say that the Albion cannery
will next Monday pay the price demanded
by the union of 25 cents per flsh.
Republicans Prepare a Plan of
Campaign That Will Prove
* Fair to All.
TRADES AND DEALS
NOW NOT POSSIBLE
and Sacramento Hospltlums in the organi
zation of a branch of the order in that
city. The Oakland Bohemians will meet
at the Sixteenth-strest depot at 6:30 p. m.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 13.
Thomas B. Freeman, a local carriage
maker whose domestic difficulties have
kept him before the public for some time,
is entitled to the distinction of being cited
for contempt of court more times than
any man whose name ever graced the
civil records of Alameda County. He has
been before the bar of justice a dozen
times to show cause why he has not paid
his wife $20 a month alimony as ordered
four years ago, but has on .each occasion
demonstrated his Inability to pay and
thus has escaped punishment. Though
she ha3 about reached the conclusion that
her recreant ex-husband Is a citation im
mune, Mrs. Freeman still perseveres and
her latest attempt to secure alimony will
be considered by Judge Ellsworth next
Monday.
When Sarah Freeman was granted a di
vorce from Thomas B. Freeman, the
plaintiff was awarded $20 a month ali
mony, $20 costs and $50 attorney's fees. A
demand was made on Freeman, but ho re
fused to pay, pleading poverty. He was
cited for contempt, but was dismissed.
Every three or four months since he has
been regularly commanded to appear In
court, but the citation proceedings have
not had the effect of making him produce
a cent.
About a year apo, tlrincr of the Inef
fectual citations, Mrs. Freeman lay In
wait for her former spouse with a horse
whip and pave him a sound thrashing.
Even this had no effect and she again
resorted to the citation process. The
seeker after alimony has three times
changed her attorneys, for a time trying
a legal representative of her own sex.
Mrs. Clara Foltz, but she Is yet to re
ceive the first alimony payment.
stock yesterday, when It fell from 72 to
67, was due to the fact that the board of
directors met yesterday and decided to
pass the regular dividend.
Whether this was done because of the
expense attached to the litigation and the
uncertainty of income from the new con
dition of things, or whether it was done
deliberately In order to prove to the court
that the new water rate ordinance would
seriously injure the value of the com
pany's stock. Is something that cannot be
proven without the evidence of the com
pany's officials.
Experts for the City Informed
That the Accounts Desired
Were Burned Long Ago.
1 /^=5\ AKI.AND, July 13.-The attorneys, i
[{ jl officials and experts of the city of !
vLJ/ Oakland have at last officially sat- >
— isfkd themselves that the story of I
the destruction of the books of the Con- I
tra Costa Water Company, as published
In The Call some weeks ago, was abso- ;
lutc-ly correct. They made their applica- j
lion for the books of the water company j
to-day and were politely informed that
the books had been destroyed, but that ;
they were welcome to examine euch
books as the company now has. ; ;
The application was made by W. A. M. I
Van Bokkelen and J. C. Crandall, the two
experts? chosen by Robert Y. Hayne. and
appointed by Judge Hart as the official
expert* of the city. They were taken to
the office of the Contra Costa "Water Com
pany by Assistant District Attorney Con
don and introduced to President J. H. T.
Watkmson. Then Mr. Watklnson made
the official announcement that the books
had been burned.
The experts asked to look at the books
that were opened after the destruction
of the r,ld books, and were shown the
books as asked for. The two experts
•went over the various accounts in the
ledgers and copied, for the use of the city,
the balances that were carried over into
the new books from the old ones some
thing over a year ago.
These balances showed nothing that
would be of the slightest use to the at
torneys for the city, and the experts
found that there was little that they
could do. So. armed with the figures that
they had secured, they went to San Iran
cIpco to consult with Mr. Hayne and de
cide what they should do with Judge >
Hart's order that th^y be permitted to j
examine books that did not exist.
Destroyed Long Ago.
/ President J. H- T. Watkinson of the
f Contra Costa Water Company made a
statement to-day for the first time as to
the destruction of the account books.
"The books were destroyed long ago,
before this agitation was begun," said Mr.
Watkinson. "in May. If.*, they were all
taken to the p'P^ > aru of the company.
at the foot of Webster street, and there
burned.
•'There was no intention of trying to
prevent any one from peeing them, but
pimply to R p t a lot of oM truck out of
the way. When we moved from the old
office on Eighth street we had the ac
cumulations of many y^ars and we
tried to find vault room for them. When
we moved from the office in the Blake
& Moffltt building we found that our
vault room would be very much re-
Ftricted. and we decided that we would
ptr!ke new balances and burn the old
books.
"Experts were put at work on the
books and when everything had been
put in shape « struck final balances and i
opened a new set of books.
"Then we found ourselves wljh a lot
of old material that only cumbfred the
office There wore the accumulations of
twenty-five years, and we decided .that j
they would be best destroyed. I took |
five carloads of old books and papers, j
moldv and dusty, down to the foot of
•\\>hster street, and we built a fire in the 1
middle of the yard, where it would not
'nJure anv buildings and where we could |
cremate everything. I stationed three i
men about the fire so that the leaves
and scraps would not blow over the en
tire neighborhood and we burned the
whole lot.
Kept Valuable Documents.
"Of course, we kept all of the documents
that were of value, such as surveys, ab-
Ftracts of property, titles, maps and such
papers of that kind as would be of use In
the future, but the old accounts all went
t un in snok'. -The maps, titles and sur
7~vevs are still in existence, and if they are
of "any use to the city we will allow them
to be "inspect, d.
"The demand made this morning was
only for certain books prior to the date
of the destruction, and as we did not have
them we told the gentlemen that they had
be«?n burned and under what Circum
stances.
"There was no intention of trying to
prevent the city or any one rise from ex
amining; the books, because the water rate
ngitation had not begun at that time. We
\Kfrf merely trying to set rid of a lot of
uscIofs truck. I am only sorry now that
we have not got the books so that we
could give them to the experts, for we
would like to oblige the gentlemen, par
ticularly 8F the city has (tone to a Great
deal r>f trouble to serure this permission.
"As a matu-r of fact, however, the books
would be useless as showing anything that
the city would need In its suit. The mere
examination of a lot of old figures and ac
counts would show nothing."
Got a Gold Brick.
But the books and accounts are pone,
and Judjrc Hart'* order permitting- the
city to examine books that did not exfet
l\';s hardly proven as valuable as the in
junction graritffd the water company, un
der which the water company Is fixing
rates* for the city and collecting the rates
fixed by themselves. The ord«*r permitting
th«» examination of the Sooks has provon
v<a">* barren, and what Mr. Hayr.e will do
r.# ' - s a matter of conjecture.
?i-o city find? Itfflt in the position of
having received permission to examine
something that dots not exist, and the
Eliding has worn completely off the gold
The drop in the price of Contra Costa
WATER COMPANY'S
BOOKS DESTROYED
5T took five policemen one hour to dis
entangle the troubles of Walter Gann,
a young farmer, who hails from tho
giant tree region in Mariposa County.
He is enjoying his first city experience.
The rural resident's suspicion for every
thing that bears a metropolitan taint, and
a few drops of blood, caused unlimited
excitement In the neighborhood of Pine
and Kearny streets Thursday night and
nearly thrust upon the "upper office" an
other mystery.
One week ago Gann came to town. As a
boy in the rural districts he had listened
to wondrous tales of city sharpers with
big diamonds and had formed an opinion
that the big town's Morgue was always
well stocked with victims of the crook's
craft. His first departure from home was
a matter of great moment, and kindly
neighbors breathed Into his ears a warn
ing to avoid the snares and temptations
that would soon surround him. They cau
tioned him about blowing out the gas,
purchasing gold bricks and green goods,
playing dice games, becoming familiar
with "old acquaintances" from the coun
try, and told him to place the back of a
chair against his door at night. Hence
waiter arrived In town impressed with a
grave terror and strove to follow his
friends' advice.
Thursday night he went to sleep In the
Carlton House, 403 Kearny street. His
room was as secure as a life-timer's cell,
and in one of his hands he held the
handles of an old carpet bag, used fifty
years before by his father. He went to
sleep thinking of burglars: he dreamed of
burglars, and when he awoke shortly after
10 o'clock cold shivers were playing tag
on his vertebrae. His forehead smarted
and a few beads of blood stood out from
th« flesh.
"Great Scott!" he shouted, "they have
tried to kill me for my gold." Terrified,
he burst the door open and dashed down
stairs, out through the door and along
Kearny street in an almost nude condi
tion. A great crowd gathered as he
screamed for the police. Patrolmen
Frank Engel and William Hines respond
ed and listened to the man's story. They
found that the man's so!i» possessions,
consisting of $8 75. remained In the grip,
and that the room had been securely
locked when he awoke.
As the mystery of the wound deepened
Officers Allen Frary, Frank McGrayan
and "Con" Carroll were detailed by Ser
geant Duncan of the California-street
police station to assist in solving the
problem. Two questions could not be an
fcwered: "What produced the wound on
Gann's head?" and "How did the mur
derous villain escape?"
The police searched for clews with the
sagacity of a Sherlock Holmes. With
magnifying glasses they scanned every
Inch of the carpeted floor for footprints.
Hines looked under the bed and pulled tho
mattress to pieces. McGrayan, who has
servrd several terms on the squad in
Chinatown, looked for secret panels.
Even fly specks were carefully cut out
on sections of wall paper and preserved
to be used as evidence.
"They must have opened a hatchway In
the roof and dropped something on him."
said Carroll. "It was a cowardly act."
Thereupon Engel spent half an hour on
the roof.
'¦Thfrf'll be something drop on us» all
!f we don't unravel this mysterious case."
decided Frary as he climbed down, cov
ered with dust, after having inspected the
transom.
Few more words were spoken. Each
man was too busy with his own thoughts,
which were of broad sergeant's stripes
and short coats. Meanwhile Gann stood
in his scant attire and shivered.
After an hour's investigation the truth
dawned upon the bluecoats. Gann had
scratched himself, while asleep, with his
ring and his fears, born In country life,
did the rest. The patrol wagon drove the
policemen back to the station and each
called the other a fool.
BERKELEY. July 11— The marriage
of Miss OUv« Vail of Los Angeles
and Axgyle Tully of this dtr took
place in Sacramento Thursday
night, the ceremony being performed on
the. eta^e of the Clunie Opera House after
the regular performance. The bride- and
groom are members of the Lyric Opera
Company and surprised the big cast and
ell their friends about the bay, in Sacra
mento and Los Angeles by suddenly an
nouncing their Intention to wed. Rev.
A. C. Herrick of Sacramento officiated,
the opera house orchestra playing the
¦wedding march from "Lohengrin." Emile
Barransan. formerly of the Tlvoli, was
best man and Miss Annabel Gordon was
bridesmaid. Both are members of the
company.
The entire ca*t. members of the two
families and nearly a hundred friends
¦were prf*ent. Some handsome floral and
other presents were given Mr. and Mrs.
Tully.
The bride will be remembered as one of
the daintiest and sweetest of all tho
young singers in the Grand Opera Com
pany in San Francisco. After her en
gagement at the Grand Opera House she
sang at the Tivoll. She was seen in the
firincipal roles of "The Queen's Lace
landkerchlef" and "Boccaccio." During
her present engagement she is singing
leading parts. She has a high soprano of
great power and beauty and Is looking
forward to the highest class of operatic
work.
Mr. Tully is the tenor of the Lyric
Company, and met his bride a year ago
at the Grand Opera House, where they
l>oth appeared for many weeks. He is a
son of ex-Mayor and Mrs. Tully of Stock
ton, now residents of Berkeley. His
brother Is Richard Walton Tully. author
of tbe clever Berkeley Junior farce of last
year*. "James Wobberts."
Mr. and Mrs. Tully will eventually go
E;u=t for advanced study and axe planning
grand opera singing, at which they have
both already been extremely successful,
as the'r life's work.
MIL Ain> MBS. ABGYLE TULLY.
The Union League Club tendered a re
ception to General O. 12 Spaulding. As
sistant Secretary of the Treasury, last
night at the club rooms In the Palace Ho
tel. Besides prominent members of the
club, a large number of well-known citi
zens attended as puests.
A. G. Booth, president of the club, made
tho welcoming speech and introduced Gen
eral Spaulding. General Spaulding thank
ed his hosts for their nattering reception
and kindly treatment. Continuing, he
Sa "I*have had the pleasure of meeting
your representatives in Congress. While
vou have honored them by sending them
there they have reflected great honor up
on vou and the State of California. Your
Inte'rests are safe in their hands.
"Tho Treasury Department is under
stood to be a great fiscal Institution, and
so It i° for an institution that receives
and disburses a million and a half of
dollars Per day is something of a nnan
cial institution: Then there are the vari
ous bureaus, such as the Bureau of Nav
igation of Steamboat Inspection, the Ma
rfne Hospital and Quarantine Service
"You ma" have heard of the quaran ine
service Whatever has happened of late
I hop!' we may say in the language of
diplomacy that the incident is closed. We
•slialHtt charge you with the plague un
less you say you have it. Then we shall
pl-ice our surgeons, the finest experts in
The world, at your service and sWll try
to give you the maximum of service with
the minimum of embarrassment. I will
say in parsing, that a few sanitary meas
ures up in Chinatown might discourage
1 '"The department has accumulated a sur
plus of $S0 .tiOO .000. of which $17,000,000 was
Piled up during this last month of June. In
my experience I have found it much easier
to wrestle with a surplus than a deficit.
The appropriations of the last sessions of
Concross with those that may be expect
ed of "he next, will reach $1,000,000,000. We
hear criticism of billion-dollar Congresses,
but for my part I rather like to live in a
billion-dollar country.
"Many things are being said of expansion,
but we" have 'done expanded.' The time
has come when we are one of the nations
of the v/or'.d and we cannot stand aside
any longer. He would have been a bold
man who two years ago would have said
our flag would be planted half way around
the world. .He would be bolder still who
now would haul it down.
"Commerce is rapidly moving westward
and San Francisco will be largely in it.
Indeed, I may say I think San Francisco
will be it. When the next census is
taken you will have no reason to complain
because you have not grown. enough.
"We want to do our own carrying trade.
I have great confidence that before Con
gress adjourns next time we shall have
some law that will help us recover It. The
coastwise trade is yours now. The Treas
ury Department has done what it could to
keep any one from taking it from you."
The Knickerbocker Quartet sang a se
lection and addresses were made by
Colonel John P. Jackson. Collector of the
Port: Captain Charles Nelson, president
of the Chamber of Commerce, and Irving
M. Scott, after which those present were
given a chance to meet the distinguished
guest socially.
An Honored Guest of the Union
League Club at a Reception at
Its Rooms Last
Night.
General Spaulding Expresses
Views* on Present
Questions.
AMERICA MOST
SECURE ITS OWN
CARRYING TRADE
SIGHT OF GORE SPURRED
THIS FARMER TO ACTION
MARRIED ON CLUNIE
OPERA-HOUSE STAGE
December 7, 1896 — Ordered to pay
alimony, costs and counsel fees.
January 8, 1897— Cited for con
tempt of court for failure to comply.
Dismissed.
February 28, 1897— Again cited
for contempt, but did not appear. At
tachment issued, but dismissed with
out action.
June 15, 1898 — Cited for contempt,
but escaped punishment > on plea of
poverty.
January 18, 1899 — Again cited and
discharged.
May 27, 1899— Execution issued
on property for a claim of $320 for
alimony. Sheriff returned.
July 11, 1803— Cited for contempt.
Dismissed.
January 24, 1900 — Cited for con
tempt. Dismissed.
July 13, 1900 — Cited for contempt.
Will answer Monday, July 16. •
Ineffectual Attempts of His Divorced
"Wife to Collect the Alimony-
He Was Ordered to
Pay.
He Escapes Punishment for
Contempt of Court a
Dozen Times.
THOMAS FREEMAN
BREAKS RECORD
FOR CITATIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
11
INCIDENTS THAT FOLLOWED WHEN GANN THOUGHT OF CROOKS
THOMAS B. FREEMAN.
A remarkable natural curiosity Is that
of a woman.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
12
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MUP.RAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 7 a. m. To-Day
WE SHIP FREE ••
7263 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon, Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day,
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. m. for S. P. R. R. labor-
ers and teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division free
Wadsworth (Nev.) division " ee
Sacramento (Cal.) division " ee
Western, Fresno. Madera, Bakersfleld di-
visions fr ea
Coast divisions of California tree
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
muir free
laborers, teamsters, etc., regular wages paid,
office fee $1 free fare
FREE FAIR CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammermen ?]••
150 laborers, inside work, free fare »60
25 hard-rock miners *' 5
MURRAY „ READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers, $3, $2 50, $2 day; $55, $60, $50,
$45, $40. $30 and found: come, see
Coremaker and S3 other mechanics, wages run
from $4. $3 5tl, $3, $2 50. *2 a day and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay, St.
A— STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country. J5*. »40.
$35. $30 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
$1 75 day
126 men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL
3S6 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 56, $2 25, $2, $175 day; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES. HAY
....PRESSES, VINEYARDS. HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS
Fruit pickers $26 and $30 and found
326 farm hands $35, $30. $26 and found
126 haying hands $1 25 to $1 50 day and fd
38 harvest hands, $1 50 to $2 a day and found;
56 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers. $10, $35, $30 and found; come. see....
36 chore men and boys, $30, $26, $25, $20. $15
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-TO MINES! GOLD MINES! MINES!
MINES! SILVER MINES'. MINES!
MINES! OTHER MINES! MINES!
&3 miners, single hand, different Jobs $75
6 machine miners, gold mines $90
32 miners, single hand, excellent job
,$60 and found
62 laborers for a large mine, $40 and $48 per
month. Including board and lodgings; If you
give satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
at $60 per month with board and lodgings;
(special, good, steady jobs; remember all the
above laborers for all mines need "no e_perl-
B5 laborers" 'different 'mines'," "$30." "$4S.' "$42","$4ol
$35 and found, fares from $1 50. COME. SEE
CROWDS MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY £24-636 Clay St.
A— COME down and get our list, containing
723C different jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS.. LAUNDRY HELP
IS bakers first, second and third hands, $55,
$30. $43, $10, $33 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand, $50; second hand, $40
and found, sairfe country job, boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young mnn to work in bakeries, $20,
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses,
etc.. $40. $35. $30 and found; COME. SEE....
15 laundrymen. washers, markers, starchers.
polishers, Ironers, etc., $35. $40. ?30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay 8 t.
A— HOTEL.. ..CANDY. ...and OTHER DEP'TS
63 cooks, also 6 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $65. T60. $55. $50. $43. $40. J35. $30. $25
and found; 32 waiters. COME SEE, $35. $30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps,
$30 and found; YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country
$30. $25. ICO and found
MURRAY A READY, 6C4 and 636 Clay Bt.
A-40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERS
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAJS' DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY, 634
and €36 Clay st.
A— 1553 II EN for sawmills and woods. $26 to 149.
fd., fare paid; 20 laborers for a manufacturing
company, fare $1 10, $30 and found; a sack
sewer, $2 50 a day; derrick forker. $2 50 a day:
6 laborers to work in a warehouse. $40 and
found: sheep herders, $30 and found: cook,
thrashing outfit, $45 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 631 and 636 Clay st.
HOWARD HOUSE. 649 Howard St.. bet. First
and Second sts. — Single rooms, per night, 15c
to 50c: per week. 75c to $2; also beds for 10c;
cheap, clean, quiet; reading room; morning
calls.
GOOD barber for Saturday till 7:30 p. m. ; S3. |
20>j California St. ;
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth \
street.
WANTED — A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 1073 Market St., near Seventh.
WANTED— A steady barber to run a Bhop.
Apply at 321 Eighth 6t.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday; wages $4. S9V4
Turk st., corner Taylor.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 131 Va-
lencia st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davis
etreet.
BARBER wanted. 203 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 131 Third st.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop. 105
Fourth st.
PAPERHANGERS wanted; call early. 235 Va-
lencia St.
WANTED— A porter and waiter; also a dish-
washer, at 1522 Kentucky St.
WAITER wanted In Nevada Restaurant. 806
Mission st.
NEAT, sober man to wash dishes; good wages.
409 Twelfth st.,- Oakland.
WANTED-
laboring men, $1 85 to $3 40 per day.
Skilled men, $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS.
Keswlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendpnt at the mines or to the company, at
32S Montgomery , st., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K
St.. Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J St.. Fresno, Cal.
COMPETENT draughtsman to detail structural
Iron work; must have experience; good pay to
right man. 4 California st.. room 8.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; $4 guaranteed,
and Sunday^ IPS Fourth Bt.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly, damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Cook for small restaurant. 1915
Central ave., bet. California and Sacramento.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 23c to
50c. EC2 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WAXTED — A man to help In kitchen. Jeffer-
son Hotel. Harbor View.
WANTED— As collector, man who can speak
Spanish; good salary. Apply E. C. LITTLE,
room 6. 405 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 627 14th St., near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WAXTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary senmen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Houpe, corner Sixth and Howard—
¦ Rooms 13c to 23c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HOKM:>. 1.1 VU MOCK. i:«c — For Sale
BARGAIN for a cash buyer; handsome lady's
or child's pony, cart and saddle, worth $200,
for $125; no use for it; buyer who knows a
good thing can make a quick deal. 443
Buena Vista ave., near Chutes, or 125 Geary
street. , .
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
15C0 pounds: the horses can be seen now at
the Stanlford Stables. 308-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY' S. 2170 Market St.; Castro
st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale— 2 extra fine carriage terms. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
11OCM-.H TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for dr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AXD KOU.VD.
LOST^Sutter st.. between Powell and Grant
avenue, small purse, money, ring, keys; re-
ward. 211 Sut'ter St.
LOST— Large pointer dog, brown and white;
leather collar and short rope attached. Return
to Lick House and receive suitable reward.
LOST— Corner Van Ness and Fulton, gold cuff
button. Finder will be suitably rewarded by
returning to S01 Van Netw ave.
~~~ MEDICAL.
MRS. DrC KOilLTVemoved to 44« Eddy St., the
well-known and reliable ladles' physician:
guaranteed treatment at ofllce, $5; homo for
patients before and during confinement ; con-
sultation free and confidential; hours. 9 to 5
and 7 to 8; Sundays, 10 to 2. 446 Eddy st.. b»-
twecn Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O"DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1C23H Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market St.; . re-
llable ladles' specialists; 30 years practice;
patients' private home; positive cure at of-
tioe; celebrated HINDO HERB home treat-
ment; send 5 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR3. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of. cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. V. ; maternity
home; low fees. 10O7H Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs'
practice; home in confinement: treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 842 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles* special-
ist; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. N'G TOY KEE, late of Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sanl-
tarlum,740 8acramento.cor.Kearoy;advlce free.
DR. WISE (YS), the ladles" specialist. 1118
Market st.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom gt. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Maaon st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines, id-band machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-1S7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters,' linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of. saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, 1015, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
ANOTHER Standard callgraph typewriter re-
modeled: prints like new; $23; will send for
trial and examination. L. _ M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery gt.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers. ¦— 'ater pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price 113116:-, 220 Kearny st., near I'lne.
1XD-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. SIS Mission.
A FIXE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE- 2 half breed Dane and New-
foundland pups at 239 Sanchez st.
S-LB. steel T rail for sale cheap. BURNSTINE
BROS.. S3S Brannan st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 499 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
$75; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 21-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg,
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Mala st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
.pictures. BULI^ARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 21« California st.
SAFES— Ne-w and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and necond-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1U9-1U Market St.. San Fran.
OXE 4-sMed sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
ftUSCKIXAHKOL'S WANTS.
"WANTED — A Petaluma hay press In good condi-
tion; state where can be seen. Address aC2
Ea.«t Thirty-fourth St., Oakland.
GOOD wagon; capacity about 3500 pounds; will
pay cash. Apply 430 Brannan st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay bi_ prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 23 Stockton at.
IF vouwljh full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 8d mort-
gages undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN*. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: S per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18, first
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN _ OLSE.V.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain j
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low- i
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S43 Market '
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms |
63 and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
OX real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER * CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 13 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds, j
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential. !
BOXELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT 1S6 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis SS5.
rO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big. j
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no •
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, S Eddy it. J
MONEY loaned salaried people without security, i
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif, j
ANY sum, 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 603, Examiner building.
H. MURPHY, C30 Market »t.. solves all kinds ot
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
DN furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission ; private. LICK. 116 McAllister, st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL l.\STKt'MEXTS. j
SVE have only one of the lisrtar_alnsrieft '
now; If you want It come at once. MAU- '
VAIS'. 769 Market st. j
'ACKAltD organs, for parlor or church use !
are way ahead of all others; cases are high I
and low; prices are all low. MAU VAIS' 163
Market st.
)ECKER & Son. Packard and Booth- Bros.'
are our great sellers; call and see the line
styles and low prices? we have some good
squares at almost your own figure. MAU-
VAIS'. 7C3 Market at. ¦ "^
\.S we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash. $6 per
month: other pianos, $3. $1 and $5 per month.
SHEIIMAX, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to 933
Market st., between Fifth and Sixth, next to
Hale Bros.; reduction sale will continue for
two weeks to make room for new stock; open
evenings: agency- for the celebrated Shonlnger
_ Behning pianos. New York.
L NICE upright $60
A better one 100
Fischer upright, good condition 1&>
And 50 other good second-hand bargains.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 Q-FarreU st.
OHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamll-
tnn nlATim 9A9 I»._f s» nnr> T"nfnn anuirs I
MUSICAL IXSTRIJMEXTS.
AN* elegant high grade, three-pedal upright
piano offered this week at a sacrifice. Room
12. Flood building.
$100— LARGE upright piano. 3643 Eighteenth
street.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of planoa this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. O. BADGER, 41_ Sacramento «t.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davia pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. oM ar.d new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerlng. Sl»: Installments
13 to 310; rent $2 up. HELVES. 138 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos. $5 payments;
for rent. $2 up. ERUTTNN. 2CS P-^t at.
PAL.MI5TUY.
MME. Neersard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. 61$ Geary, nr. Jor.o*.
PASTUItAGK.
300 TO JCO acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER. Antioch. Cal.
PEHSO5ALS.
LEDERER Is th<» hairdresser that gives you th«
very latest hair styles for 25c; Foamo Sham-
poo Be pkg. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights la every room-Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 £0 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week:
free bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order en installments: $15 upward-
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 31
Kearny st., room 11. cures nervousness, in-
iomnla, blindness. Bright'* disease, rupture.
AKLBORN House. $_» to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
Ing German-American hotel of 8a_ Francisco;
II per day and up; finest meals In city, 25c.
LEDERER sells fine switches for only $1; maka
them of your own hair at a small price.
LADIES' and gent?' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
WANTED — Old-fashicned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
LEDEREH'S Qulntontca hair tor.lc cleanses,
gives a fine gloss; nothing like It; 33c bot.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card r-ader.
850 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co., Examiner building, room 437.
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna restcret gray
hair to Its natural color. II; at all druggists.
CAST-OFT" clothing.old gold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S. £0« Kearny ¦_
O. D. MORSE, photographer, 2606 Pacific ave.,
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 3331.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio, 11 Geary «t., ground and top floors.
PHYSICIANS AM) Sl'UGEO.NS.
DR. C C. 0'DONX__X--Offlc<> and re«ldencei
1021^ Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY AVA.1TEO.
WANTED— To purchase about an acr« of land
for camping. Box 1345. Call office.
HEAL £ST.\T_i— CIT* — FOR SALE.
1 TUTTLE—
(30 Market at. Tel. Black _7_
$1S.EOO—
Three 8-rooin flats, Eddy »t.. near
Gough; rent J1S0O year; first-class, up-
to-date; Sunnyslde.
$37,500—
First St., corner 105x73.
$3750-
Speclal 10-room bouse, lot 50x100; one
block from Golden. Gate Park.
$3000—
7-room house; Just completed; Install-
ment.
J430O-
7-room house: Just completed; Install-
ment: near ilalght.
$13,500—
Jones, near Turk; 27:8x107:1
$75,000-
Second St.: corner; 108x100.
$:eoo—
8 rooms and bath; new; Installment; Fan-
handle.
$3800-
2 flats. Clayton ; rent J45.
$8000—
Eighth St.. near HowirJ; $85 rent.
$43,000—
43xlS7:6; Mission, near First.
$1000—
4-room cottaeo on the beach.
$110,000—
Mission, near FImc; rent, $500 month.
$so.cco-
Rent. $3400 a year: 13?:«_r5; 7-year
leaae.
$1S.5OO—
Main, near Folsom; 4Sxl4O.
$20,000-
13-room house, Hyda st. ; &_:„__!:(: near
California.
$8500—
7-room ho-se, almost completed; rolng
to Chicago ; must sell.
BUILDING LOTS:
$<500—
Jackson st-, northeast corner. !
$r:oo—
Lycn St., near HaJght; toxlOOl
$5000-
Pase »t-: corner..
$3600—
Washington st,. near Lyon; _5x_!T.
Offer wanted. Church St., near Twenty-eis_t_i
30x100.
$;oo—
Thirteenth avenue; Bxl20; snap.
$1500—
Waller «t., near Pierce; 23x137:4.
$5000—
Waller st.. northwest corner Stelnert
80x106:3.
N_W cottage, 4 rooms, and or.a oC t rooms; I
stable; lot S0xl50,% fenced; must be sold.'
Twenty-first and Douglass.
A RE SIDEKCE on Harrison at., near broad-
gauge. Oakland: $2000. Address Box 1353. Call.
BARGAIN— For sale; a snap In «;ood tenement
property; situate near Eleventh and Howard
sts. ; 5 tenants; rents $45 per month: prlco
$3«00: must be sold; owner going —way. F"or
further Information apply room 603. Examiner
building.
$1300— MODERN >-room house In choice location
on Waller St.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Halght-et. cars; finished with marble steps.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-fln-
Ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance ST.O monthly. F. NELSON*, builder.
MODERN houses _nd flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for alt
bulldinn work. CAMPBELL. 1H7 Mission «t.
MODERN cottasre of 5 rooms and bath. Sea
REAL ESTATE — COLWTHY — For Sal©
S3 ACRES choice orange and grain land: tltla
perfect: taxes 1000 jjM: reservoir on land;
prlte $C00. SCHYVEINHARD _ CO.. 917 Mar-
ket St.
170 ACRES. 40 valley, balance rolling: good
fruit and vegetable land: eaay terms; Pet
Valley. Uklah. S276 Twenty-third »t.
FOR sale or rent, at Mill Valley, two 5-room
cottages: modern Improvements; fruit tree*
and vines of every variety. Address J.
A DA US. Corte Madera. Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th»
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE:
list More than all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent, g Geary.
A— PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 7U» Market
«t.. rity and countrv property noli or exrhngi.
ItOOMM KOIl IIOISEKKEIMAG.
EDDT"~207— Nicely furnished large front roomai-V
lUht' housekeeping allowed; gas, bath; quiet.
EDDY, 917 — Very desirable sunny connecting
housekeeping roorr.s: no children.
ELLIS. 209 l 3 — One or two rooms, light house-
kacptBffj reasonable; private family.
F1LMORE, 2212. near Clay— $10; 3 large, sunny.
FOLSOM. KS— Three- unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
Fl'RN'ISHED apartment, parlor. 2 bedrooms 8c
kitchen: rent $12. Apply at store. 513 Second.
HOWARD. V61-2 connecting, completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; running water;
also others. •-¦ .-.,
MISSION. 94S— A nice front room and kitchen";
complete for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 14^3. corner Oeary— Sunny bay-win,
dow room, mantel and gas; suitable for two
persons; $10.
SILVER. IK. near Fourth- Parlor and kitchen
furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH. 126— Front and back parlors; suitable
for office; also rooms for light housekeeping.
rHIRD. 340— One room complete for housekeen-
lng; rent $3. . r
[¦HIRTEENTH. 3=3. nr. Valencla-1 large front
room, complete for housekeeping; rent $«.
rURK. 727— 2 unfurnished rooms and kitchen,
with stove.
rURK MS-Large front room, complete fte
housekeeping. $10; also single, fc. JT
i SMALL unfurn. rooms: $2 50 each- i,vit.< l
Fifth and Market. Particulars MJ Keamy ,L
l «.?£; X S« °^ Ce f v or Ca " advertisements R nd
leS'SL 10 ™ ha * beea «-Wtahed at 109* Va-
DRlSSSMAKEnS AXD SEAMSTItESSES
S. F. Dressmaking:. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
RKltOVED- McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN* dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made. *.". up; dresses made over; perfect flu
MME. RE.MBERT, £30 Sutter St.. dressmakln*
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEOX pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Mofratt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bueh 135.
UXION Japanese-Chines* emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic eerv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay SB.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Butter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4U'£ O'Farell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
THilEE Scandinavian girls desire situations
as cooks or general housework in American
families. J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter Bt.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper In |
hotel or lodging house; references and ex-
perience. Box I960, Call.
A GIRL wishes general housework and codlc-
lng. Please call 1009 Natoma Bt., near Elev-
enth, before 2 p. m.
WOMAN wants work by day; washing; iron-
ing or house cleaning. 4C0 Linden ave., near
Laguna.
WOMAN wishes plain- sewing to do at home.
821 Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG lady wishes place as visiting or nur-
sery governess: able to teach English
branches. French, music, nrt, and good
seamstress; has had experience; references.
Address box 2734, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady with 3 years' experience as he-
touchar. eclorist and reception lady wishes a
position: no objection to country. Address
box 27! 5. Call office. Oakland.
REFINED Protestant young lady wishes posi-
tion as lady's companion: willing to help with
lipht housework; fair wages. Box 1964, Call.
POSITION wanted by neat reliable girl for
housework or second work. Address 15
Clement St., Richmond District.
WANTED— By young lady situation ae com-
panion and maid fcr young girl. Address
bux 1969, Call office.
MIDOLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
housework in small family. Call or address
175 Linden ave.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman to do
light housework; references. Apply 131 Wildey
Ft., off Pteiner, bet. Bush and Pine.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day.
Call or address 114 Fourth St.
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation to take care
of children; sleep home. Call cr address 1305
Greenwich Kt., near Larkln.
A COMPETENT woman would do housekeep-
ing for reliable parties. Address box 2793,
Call office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER Hcuse. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; S00 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 £0 to $6
week: convenient ami respectable; free Bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200FHlmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia Ft.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man, single, care horses; can
milk; good caxdener; care chickens; handy I
With tools; low wages; refs. C, box 19o2 Call, j
RELIABLE German man wishes steady work; |
handy in woodwork. 2 Winters place, Union
and Mason Bts.
JAPANESE couple, man cook, wife waitress
and hoiifceworker. want place in city or coun-
try. N. O.. 721> California st.
YOUNG man wishes to learn carriage black-
smithing. Address box 1956, Call.
GOOD barber wants a steady Job; wages not
less than $10 a week. P.ox 1944, Call office.
HONEST and steady man would like position
as superintendent or foreman on large ranch;
has had 15 years' experience in handling
green and dried fruit for East and city ship-
ment; uned to handling men; good reference.
Address W. L., box 1966, Call office.
STEADY young man would like position of
trust or otherwise, in city, in some wholesale
firm; used to city; beet of reference as to
honesty and ability. Box 1967, Call office.
POSITION wanted as gardener; understands
lawn, greenhouse. Janitor work; take care of
poultry and milk. Address F. H., 631 Sacra-
raento st.. S. P.; room 134.
PAINTER and paper-hanger: first-class, prac- I
tlcal mechanic, with complete outfit, wants
employment; Jay or Job; city or country.
Box 1961. Call office.
YOUNG man. honest, reliable, good driver,
wishes poFitlon on delivery or laundry wagon.
Address box 1965, Call office.
A YOUNG colored man wishes Janitor or porter
or any kind of work; good reference. Ad-
drfss box 196$. Call office.
GOOD all-round cook want* a place; city or
country- Address box 3600, Call office.
POSITION by all-round general mechanic; ex-
perienced an foreman machinist, draughtsman,
master mechanic, erecting and operating ma-
chinery; 15 years handling men; steady and
a hustler; good reference; go anywhere. Ad-
drc?s box 1378. Call office.
HUSTLING ycung man (married), with wide
business acquaintance In city, wants position
as city salesman or collector for reliable firm;
unlimited references. Address box 1978, Call
office.
¦WANTED — Situation, city, by steady experi-
enced Swiss, to do stable work or drive de-
livery wagon or other employment. 120 Sut-
ter it., room 75.
BARTENDER wants a position: city or coun-
try; first-class references. Address 72S 4th st.
STRONG boy would like a position in a store;
has good reference?. Apply at 12S6 Eddy Bt. i
BAKER — First-class foreman wants place as
such, bread and cakes: city or country. Ad-
dress Baker, 225 Third St., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, hos-
tler or to <lo general work around place; city
or country: reference. Box 4400, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla st.
EXCHANGE.
TOWN SITErAJnTmADIXGipOSTM
G40 acres, nearly half in grain, all fenced: well
of good water, house and barn; storage facili-
ties; switch station; 2 passenger trains each
way dally, and many freight trains; school near
by; I65C0, 20 per cent cash, balance at 7 per cent
per annum.
ALSO.
S?;oO— Terms liberal: stock ranch of 640 acres,
wi-i; watered; one-rjuartpr cultivable to grain,
gardening and hardy fruits; will make a good
hog or fheeo ranch; water abundant; small
house and barn.
Apply to J. W. COX & CO..
606 Ninth St., Oakland,
Office hours, 9 to 12 a. m.
.EII'ERT OPTICIANS.
GEoTtGiTM"A^RLE?^
1071 V. Market (rear Seventh): examination
free; German eye water by mall. 50c; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Munanse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
l^ATS TO LET.
A— S-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay-windows-
nil modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417& Third.
DEARBORN, S. off Seventeenth, near Valencia
— 5 rooms and bath; rent fH 50.
FIFTEENTH, 1S76, near Dolores-Sunny bay-
window flat of 7 rooms, bath; house, 5 rooms
stable.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine middle flat; 7 rooms;
bath; near City Hall; $35.
GEARY. 813%— Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath-
gABI^r^Kearny-st.*^ *^™ R * C ''
GROVE. F1S— Flat of 7 sunny r-oms and nttle-
front and side gardens, electric liphtern- also
lower flcor of 6 rooms: furnished or unfur-
nished: stil.lo if desired of 4 stalls; carriixco
floor, coachman's room, etc.: sultabl" for
physician; rent $30 and J35. Apply (in urem-
is-es cr MADISOX & BURKE.
IF you want to move ret printed list flats to let
from BALDV.'IN & HOWELL.IO MontRdmery.
IVY AVE., 60, near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat; four rooms.
NINETEENTH. 3iS0. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. car?— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $18; water free.
SHIPLEY St., 291, near Sixth— Flat. 5 rooms;
bath: eas; nice yard; $12.
JS— REAR flat; 3 large rooms and bath. E10
Castro st.
$12— 3 ROOMS and bath; in good repair. 1713A
Leavenworth st.
$12-SUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms and bath. 410%
Fourteenth ft., near Valencia.
J12-FOUR upper sunny rooms, ar.d lower
rooms, $10. 133 Ivy ave.. near Van ' Ness.
$11— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St., oft Market, near Valencia.
FlinXITDRE FOR SALE!.
FURNITURE of 3-r^n~^a^~liseJTlnonths ;
one of the most desirable flats In city for
rent; reasonable. 1310 Larkln Bt.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50, with N. 7
range. King Furniture Ca. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITUUK WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT7^73~MlBslon st., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. R, CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & OTCTrrrrrrT/Ph^ieT^ranTlSS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, same springs, $20; 4 waitresses,
water resort. $20; waitress. Capitola, $20, to go
to-day; waitresses Sacramento, Fresno, $25,
fare paid; 12 waitresses, commercial hotels,
|20; waitress. Ban Mateo. $20, to go to-day;
2 chambermaids, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, |20; 2 chambermaids, $18; plain laun-
dress, country hotel, $25, fare paid; woman
cook, city, $:o to $60.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
6 children's nurses, city, $10, $15, $20; 15 house
girls, city, $15, $23; 10 house girls, country;
German or Swedish woman to take care
of old lady and act as housekeeper, $15, se«
party here at 10 o'clock.
C. R. HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 8 waitresses, hotel, springs and
summer resorts, city and boarding houses,
$20, $25; 2 firBt-clnj-s cooks, plain wash, $30; a
woman to do cleaning, steady work, for Insti-
tution, $25; an assistant kitchen helper and
to do some plain wash, $30; cook and second
girl, same house, $20, $25: 4 German and
Scandinavian second girls and nurse, $20;
cook, small country hotel, $35; kitchen helper,
9 In family, $25; a large number of girls
In city and country too numerous to advertise.
Apply to J. F. COSETT. 318 Sutter Bt.
A— GERMAN cook. Institution across the bay;
$30; pastry cook, hotel, $35; German cook, $30;
cook, San Mateo, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ' ¦¦¦ .- \
A— COOK and second girl, same house. Sausa-
llto, $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A WOMAN cook. Institution; no bread baking;
S32 60; German or Swedish preferred. MRS.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell st.
WANTED— Experienced canners; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately, The
U. S.' Fruit Packing Co., Harrison st., oS
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
CANNERS— Women and girls; steady work and
highest wages. Apply California Canneries
Company, Ltd., Brannan St., between Third
and Fourth.
WANTED— 12 ladles to travel; $7S and expenses;
absolutely no canvassing; pertnanent position;
references; Inclose self-addressed stamped en-
velope. Colonial Co.. 330 Dearborn. Chicago.
WANTED— A young lady for office work; must
have knowledge of bookkeeping. S. N. WOOD
_ CO., 71 S Market Et.
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's custom
shirts; steady employment to good hands. 533
Valencia at.
GIRL, family of 3: housework; %% or $10 per
month. 1W9 McAllister st. Call Sunday.
GIRL to repair gent's clothing at the Califor-
nia Clothing Renovatory, 116 Geary st. !
WAXTED — Crockery saleslady; give reference
and experience. Box l'9M, Call office.
A LUNCH waitress wanted; call early. 30A
Second St.
"WANTED— Woman for scrubbing and cleaning; •
night work. 70 Third Ht.
HOUSEKEEPER WANTED; _ood homo for
right party. Box 1943, Call ofllce.
A GOOD tailoress wanted at 2197 Powell st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32^ Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply i
to MR. DAVIS. j
TWO good stenographers: Remington opera-
tors. Call WYCKOFF, SEAMAN'S & BENE-
DICT, 211 Montgomery st.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
drcss C. H., box 1S24. Call office.
KXPEMEN'CED ironers on ladles' and chil-
dren's wear; also girls to learn Ironing at
United States Laundry, 16th at., nr. Valencia.
WANTED— A German girl waitress for a coun-
try hotel. Apply at 616 Clay st.
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady; 9 hours' work;
$6. SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth ft
WANTED — Experienced restaurant waitresses;
good pay. Apply Cllne'e Creajnery. 413 Mkt. j
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WAITRESS wanted at Hotel Repelier. 781 Sut-
ter Bt.
WAXTED— Women and Blrls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce. 2200 Killmore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and ;
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED
German or Scandinavian driver for delivery
wagon, city, $30 and found; machinist and
run a lathe, country, $3 a day; meat cook,
country, fc»0 and fare; cook, country hotel, $45;
man to drive hack viJ stable work. $25; 2 la-
borers around mine. *2 a day; 2 farmers, near
city. $26; woodsmen and ax men. shingle bolt |
makers, woodchoprx-rs and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 aay Bt.
DRIVER for milk wagon; stableman and can.
washer. $35; German attendant for invalid.
$35 and room; farmers. ?23 and $30; milker,
$30, steady work; sheepherder, $30; man about
place. ?20; assistant gardener, $25; American
man and wife, $50; 50 laborers for mill and
woods. $2 25 day and $30 and board; 5 team-
sters for lumber company, $2 30 day; scraper
teamsters, SI day and boaxd; 20 railroad la-
borers, \\ 50 day and board; SO woodchoppere
and tlemakers. good payinp job; 3 machinists,
$3 to $.1 B0 day; 2 Iron molrfers, and many
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, C2S Sac-
ramento st.
HOTEL cook, $40; dishwasher, same place.
$20; 2 boarding-house cooks. $»0 and $45; res-
taurant ccok? and kitchen men; elevator boy,
$12 and found; hotel waiter, country restaur-
ant and waiters city and country and others.
J, F. CUOSETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento *t.
HOTEL cook for Mexico, $100; fare paid. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento at.
A— 1500 MEN to build new railroad and tunnels
for State of Nevada, Los Angeles County,
Hakersfleld. Santa Barbara $2 a day up
Ship daily. Fee $1 Free Faro
S00 men for the woods and sawmills, $30 to
$45 and found; 8-hors« mountain teamsters,
$40 and found; .10 miners, $2 B0 and $3 a day;
50 farmers, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, cooks,
bakers, waiters, kitchen hands, laundry men
and hundreds of others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary Bt. •
A— BELL boy and elevator boy. country hotel:
free fare; $15. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st^
A-CARLOAD of laborers for Coast Road; ship
Sunday and Monday: call to-day or be at
Third and Townsend St. depot at 8 a. m. Sun-
day and Monday with blankets: of flee fee $1;
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A MAN and wife, fruit ranch. $40. MISS CUL-
LKN, 325 Butter st.
A HOTEL cook, Santa. Rosa. $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union-Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie Ia3.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 3->; cit-
izens of United States; of good cnaracter
and temperate habits, who can speak, reaa
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sired for service in Philippines. For Infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 Isew
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
MAN; good character to deliver and collect for
old estab. manufacturing house: T900 yearly,
expenses guaranteed; Inclose references ana
self-addressed 'stamped envelope. Address
Manufacturer. 3d floor, 323 Dearborn. Chicago.
WANTED— A man who Is willing to work
round the house; $10 a month: short distance
country. NE. cor. Market & Mason, basemt.
WANTED— Steady man: light Indoor work;
will pay $6<> i>e.r month, with chance of In-
crease; small capital. 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— A good salesman In liquor store;
must come well recommended; good salary-
Address W. N.. box 191S. Call office
ERRAND hoy. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM,
1103 Market Bt.
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy, domestic, men's
furnishing salesmen. Box 1S46. Call office.
WANTED— Good tlnBmith; no other need ap-
ply; steady work. 67/ Fourth st.
WANTED — Two retail 'grocery salesmen. Box
1S53. Call office. '
WANTED— A man to make hlmseir generally
useful. Hotel Repelier, 7S1 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 444 Brannan St.,
Mechanic's Hotel.
FIRST^CLXsS~palnter; call early. 3726 Twen-
ty-third st. .
WANTED — A man to work on cakes. 123 Tay-
lor -t.
WANTED— A blacksmith's helper on wagon
and truck work. 537 Brannan st.
SA> FRANCISCO CALL.
DUE—NESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cali. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFF!Cns-C27 Montgomery etr«et,
corr.tr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
r.00 Hayes- Ftreet: cj<?n until P:30 p. m.
6SJ McAllister Btreet; or«n until 3:30 p. xn.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street; cpt?n until 10 p. m.
2261 Illusion street, corner Sixteenth; open
ertil 8 n. in.
106 Eleventh ftreet: or«*n until » p. m.
I0: < « Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthv.-cet ccrr.er Twenty-second and Ken-
t-joky ftre»ts; epen until 9 p. m.
MEI2TING XOTICES.
CALIFOIINIA Chapter No. C, R. A. M.. «
Will c.ect THIS (SATURDAY) E'*'EN-^V-
ING. July 14, at 7:2'.' o'clock. R. A. 7&_K
degree. Uy order at the H. P. /TT >
rRAXKLIX H. L>AY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A^ X. •
Kuneral notice — Officers _nd ni^*nt<e:s_#%
are reguoirted to tie present at Masonic
Temple <ti SUNDAY, lith Inst at 8 a. /^T>
B_. for the of c^iduotlr.g the funeral
ceremoclc- of our late brotber. M1CHAKL J.
JOSEPH, ihe-nee to Home oi Peace Cemetery
by l!:C0 a. m. tt-ain. By order of tl:e W. M.
,F_J-D_3U CK BARRT. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. i^_a_U_»
1. O. O. V. — Regular metting =3>?_3«_£-
TH1*; rgATt'KKAYj EVENING.
Third d^sree. *'%»itw i
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
UEBEL Curk lU-nevolent Society — Fourteenth
a:ir.ual flcnic will take place at Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley, Sunday, August 5, 1300.
Adults' tickets. 10c; children under 12 yeans
free; union ir.unic; a large amount of earn
given as prizes.
JCOTICH to stockholders. July 14, 1900— Pleasa
take notice that shares of stock of Stanley
Aerial Navigation Company will be $3 per
fcft&re aiter this date.
J. T. ROBINSON, Secretary.
ANNUAL rr.eetlr.e— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Pan Francisco
and San Joaquln 'Vtliey Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
221 Market st.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY, the 37:h doy of July. ISM. at the hour
of 11 o'clock forenoon, fcr the purpose of
electing a beard of directors to serve for the
er.suincr year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the tr.eet-
lr.* ALKXANDKK ItACKDS. Secretary.
ACKXTS WAXTED.
AOENTS can make from $75 to 1100 per month
eelling rur can-.raign borks. Issues and lead-
er.*. -Battle of IJiiO 11 ; also W. J. Bryan's new
book. -'Kejn:b!lc or Empire?" Fend 15c for
outfit and agents' instructions. We give same
terms is Eastern Ones. OCCIDENTAL PUB-
USHING COMPANY. Oakland. Cal.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. Sadie Dunn, of Pittshurg. Pa., strictly
reMaMe on all matters i-ertaining to life and
business: h^—i-enp'' readings, tl. 2710 Sutter.
AroH.XtVS AT LAW.
K. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market Ft..
rooms C27; estates, damages. attachments.
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fe<?s;
no advance charges; money loaned on estate.
AliVIi'E tree; divorce law a specialty; private;
re f<»<> without success; collections. G. \V
HOWE, any at law. s:o Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE frre; no charge unless successful. W. i
W. I'AVIIiSON. 9:1 Market st.. opp. Mason. !
T. S <-_AKK. nir.rr.a Fpreckels bid?.. ?27 Mar- !
krt ft : consultation free: no fees in advance. |
AUTOMOBILES.
ACTOMOBILES— FRED WARD & SOX, |
Ape:,t.*. 4C Fremrnt ft.
BATH CABINKTS.
liOBINSON V: 4-panel foIdlngr^ooTcpensY^rm
ar,d safe. AV. S. BROWN, pon. agt., 42S Ellis.
D__-L__ HARKS.
P_LGIA_f HAP.ES!^
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HAliE A.S- j
eOCIATION. Alamoda. Cal.
TVKOX, Red Hover and Bonanza Prince
hurkF; service $2 M up. 214 Golden Gate a\~.
CHOICE pedlcreed Belgian hares; cheap. 100S^
J^uttt-r at.
GOLDEN GATE BKLGIAN HARK CO..W Gol-
den Gate ave.. S..F.. STO rabbits for sale cheap.
BUAUUING I (lit ( tlll.UKIi.V.
HOME for child, 2'j years old; state . terms ;
nfrrenoey. Box W'&, Call office.
UOOKS SEW AND OLD.
FCKOOL BOOK- bought and exchanged'
Holme. Rnok Co., tOt Mission St., near Third.
_l'SI.\_.SS CHANCES.
A-C00-nESTAUP.A.\f and cho'phouse on i
vater front; rent Jlo; bargain. EL G. WILKE, i
Sti'i Kearny st.
A — I4S0: 13AKEKV estatl. many years in lively \
country town; place doing a Fplendid busi-
ness; rer.t t20; sickness of proprietor only
cause of tale; fullest investigation solicited.
Call n. G. WILKE. 261* Kearny st.
A— SlZr.O; PABTVEB wanted in old-e«tabl. cor.
procery and bar on Third st. ; daily receipts
S2r>; retiring partner had to leave for north;
rer.t ti'l: leue; rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C- Kearny et.
A— J1C>O; COKXEP. procery and bar, with 4 Ilv- !
ir.p rooms, on Mission st. ; a first-class paying '
Lurries* and large. rre«h Block Invoices the
pri"e. Call K. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— -TATXOX— RT. notions and branch bakery
on Mission «. : rer.t J12. Including 3 rooms;
owner kept store & years; price $i."A or will 1
'.r.vire. K. G. WILKE. KM Kearny St.
>— S3.'f': ELEGANTLY fitted saloon: established 1
;>an =: in large private hotel; rent $40; loca- |
tier. 2 blocks from Market et. R. G. WILKE,
rs 1 ? Kearny Et.
A— IS0O: PARTNER war.ted in coffee saloon
pn<*. ch^p house; close to Market St.: a splen-
did offer for the right man. Call It. G.
WILKE, 2C' S Kearny et.
A-J4 f'O: CORKER grocery and bar; established
year* and known as a money making place;
l.fH location: close to Chronicle building. See
R. O. WILKE. 2C'i Kearny ct.
A— Sl><0: CORXEE; wine and liquor store: only
one block from Market; rent VJi; horse,
— at'.n and _ lartte stock; splendid paying
business; disagreement of partners cause of
B-U. See R. G. WILKE, 26'i Kearny st
ilOOO-SALOOX. 1 block from Market st.; flx-
turet- and »"to<-k worth $1500; good reason for
selling. MCLAUGHLIN' _ CO.. 777 1 * Market.
flSC^O— SALOON, centrally located, near Market.
No. 1 stock and fixtures; clears I'liQ month;
sold only account of sickness in family: best
l.argain ever offered. McLAUGHLIX & CO..
777's Market *t.
!"',:»— -CARPENTER and ftibUsg shop: buelr.ess
location. McLAl'OHLIN & CO.. TTT^jMarket.
j jno — LAUNDRY route; good horse and watjon:
receipts aV>ut $•;" i^r week. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO., T" 1^ Market et.
Ji.—U-'O flvO $450
Restaurant
L*r«fIiTiK «reet
North Market
Hardwood furniture
Kine proposition
Kight party
BTEamBKO CO.. 935 Market dt.
TO baker*— For sale* cheap; large, well-fitted
con fectloaenr and candy store, with ice cream
parlors: excellent opening for a practical ba-
ker. Call LAXE _: CO.. f-65 Market st.
CORNER grocery and delicacy north of Mar-
ket; choice Ftock of goods; fine bupinese;
clieap j-er.t: nice living moms; opportunity to
run bar if desired. LANE & CO.. t63 Market.
f4.V>— RESTAURANT, very elegantly furnished -
v.pll worth $i'/w. Apply 1). McllAE, M7 Mis-
sion j-t.
Xli'* — ELEGANTLY furnlphed rooming- hnuso
::ilf* Ft.; <_*y terms. D. McRAE. K37 Mission.
V.'ANTEl*— A partner with some capital tc
latent and develop several useful inventions;
_ thorough investigation invite<l. Box 1SS2. C-ll. I
STEAM la.undry for sale or exchange; cheap; I
easy terms; fine rhance for good laur.dryman.
£P. O. box 4Xi. W-UQPTiUe, Cal.
fHOEMAKEH chop for Bale: FickneFs cause;
f!ii>ap rent: kou<1 location. 6C2 Mission et.
COOO baker}- for pale: cheap; baking 2U bar-
r'-\f. Address box 1SS7. Call office.
yir_5T-CI.,AF.S shoe- shop: good prices; goo<J
«..ik; small stock of Fhoes. 232 Buf-h st.
TO rcr.t— Fcr coal yard, milk depot, etc; fine
location: rlace i? entirely covered: contains 3
Ftalln; rent only tlS: --ater free. Inquire WM.
5 U-XTHUC— 39OX & CO.. C14 Cal! bldg.
LEA I ING hotel in Monterey; Zj rooms, parlor,
cir.'.r.E-rocm. kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
~.ill rent. *e!l or exchanpe. For particulars
¦ «rrlt» JOHKSOX A- CAKIi. Monterey. CaL
nt'fl-TiOOy: the be?t-fltte<l pl3ce for th«
prire on Market tt and barcaln; must >a.v«
city August „ Pox 1971, Call.
SKiOO— PALtjON. In Rood runr.i_R order: rood
payir.p: in the centra! part cf city; including
S furnished r>oms; low rent. Kox 1S77, Call.
FOR sale—\Ven-r>ayirp pickle factory and vin-
egcr route; ?irfK). Address box 1970, CalL
A FIIOE *hoj) for sale: good bueiness; fine lo-
cstion. wr.\i, nilmcre st.
FOK Sale— rirst-clam restaurant. Address P.
LA MM nits. l7r,SK Mh^ion st.: no agents.
CANUT ttore for sale; good etoek and fixtures;
Jow rest; no _eccu. 12S Hayes «„
BUSI.VESS CHANCES COXTIXUED.
FOR sale — A strictly good business; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
; ing 2 barrels flour dally: horpe and wagon;
lodging-house, 24 rooms, newly furnished;
flnt-st «. pportunlty to make money. Inqulr*
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
field. Cal.
BARBER shop and bath house for gale; estab-
lifheil for over 25 years; splendid location;
flrst-claKF regular trade: beFt of reasons foi
depiri!'^ to eell. Address H. L.. P. O. box SSO,
Facramento.
FOR sale— At a bargain: 4 flr?t-cla5s saloons:
3 Icdpinp-houses; 2 cigar stores: grocery and
bar. Inquire at office, 930 Howard Bt., Me-
BRIDE & CO.. agents.
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at th«
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary: other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla Ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
27 HOUSES. $200 to $250; part on time.
10 houses of 14 to 20 rooms, $000 to $1100.
21 houeen of 23 to 41 rooms; fine, paying big.
Long list. Call on M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market
«.. room 1, nr. Call blJg. ; tel. Black 1S03.
POO— SNAP; 2S rooms; all rented: fine location;
near Market st. BASILE, 3 EMdv Bt.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished hotel, situated in coun-
try. 12 rooms and bar. $15. For full particu-
lars call FRFID APCHMANN, Milpitas, Santa
Clara County, Cal.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF"Y. of all kinds of rhoto buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholesale ar.d retail: se?.d for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market et.. S. F.
CAPE NOME.
FOR sale — Claim in the Cape Darby Mining dis-
trict of Alaska; located on Portage Creek,
near Care NVme. Box 19^0. Call office.
CAItl'ET 11EATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disjrupted with poor work
send to PPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing 'Works, 353-C57 Tehama Ft.; tel. S. 4C.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
242-344 McAllister St.; phene South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pteara Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. UcQCEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South HZS; lowt-«t rates.
CARPETS clpancd at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Ft.; tel. Jessie \>U.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-Bpating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of watrons. buprgles, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wason, single, also light
camping waprn, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2J-hand waconp. buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & iJrivlr.R horsen. 15th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
OKORGE \V. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, i"27 Market Bt.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Apency, in-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE runny fi-room modern cottage In
East Oakland: nigh l>a«ement; corner lot. 9"x
135; fine grounds and fruit tre*»s: location
Al: .I mlnute< walk to local station. H. H.
COLBY, Express <.ffio?. East Oakland.
?OTTAGE.S to l^t; 4 looms, and bath, furnlsh-
e<l; basement. Inquire grocery store corner
Twenty-eighth r.nd Alabama sts.
DFF feeon<l Ft., near Brannan— Sunny 11-room
cottage; $10. Key C23 Hecond st.
HO — BUSTNT comer. 5 rooms; larce yard. OEO.
H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market ;t.
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, S5S Mis-
sion St.; readings daily, 25c, foe and $1; cir-
cles Tnesd-jre, Thursday.?, Saturdays and
Sunday evening, 10c.
MRS. J.J.WH1TXEV, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
WYI.LIE, tlip L^f Angel"? plicto medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays included.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings daily: cirT
Tues., Fri.. 2, 8 p. m. u McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER. Fplrltual medium; Fittings; G.
$1. L. 'Sc: clr. Mo.. Wed.. Frl.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
THIS week only — Full sittings 23c. WATSON,
medium, p.ilmist. K,S1 Market St., near 11th.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME.LANGK.the great clairvoyant, tells past?
future; never falls ; has the greatest Egyptian
Fpcrei; j-hoTvs picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and uj>; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with d.-.uble veil & second slight,
d'.acncws disease with life reading; ladles £0c.
gents $1; palm, ii elair. ; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSOX. palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future. 2»c. 14s Sixth St., room 14.
MIPS AIMEE, glffd clairvoyant, card reader.
286 Natoma Et.. near 4th; Thur., Fri., Sat.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader: advice on all
business affairs. 25c up.S23 Mission; ring bell.
MME.. ZnnEDA.the gypsy, is the gr«at palmist
_and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh st. ; no sign.
MME. RENNER. S18H Geary (Saratoga court)"
clairvoyant, life and iilant render; ladies, 2jc!
MIPS MELVILLE, great Clairvoyant and water
reader; German Fjjoken. T21'-i Mission. op.Mint.
MME.Aug-ust. clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & LOc. lliJ Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
sittings dally. I12H Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
VME. SYIJILLE— Cradle to grave; future hu»-
band'e picture: I. r ,c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
DENTISTS.
A.T the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket «t.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bhig.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; j,-old crowns,
J3 &0 up; fl-tes. extractions fr?e. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours J» a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to '
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. L>.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for test crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
p^ri^nce; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and puaranteeJ: lady attendants.
Vli. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DK. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from 18 per set: cxtraftir.g. DOv; gas given.,
PLATES from tt; crowns, $3 W; nlllng*, 50c.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 Sixth at.
PARIS I>ental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fllilngK, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
SET at teeth without plate. DR. iff! oT
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cull,
16 Dages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per ye_r.
DOG IIOSl'ITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dor H'«pita.l, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 SO; all
treated; dogn boarded. Tel. West 63»>.
DR. CRKELY'S C. P. maxige cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. SlOGolden Gate av.
EDICATIO.VAL.
A.VKES' Ruslne^s College, 723 Market Bt.; life
6chrj:aiThip, $iO; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkfjping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just —oiled new business practice offices and
20 new tyi»e— ritei— ,
ALL nudents but two taking lull course this
year got positions. SAX FRANCISCO ULbl-
NESS COLLEGE. 1ZM Market at.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 300 Larkln St.;
the coming thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. eur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.: eft. 3S64.
VAN DKU NAILLEN SCHOOL, S33 Market.
5-W_EKS' course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Ueagy. court reporter. «12 Hearst bldg.
L.AW schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 903 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 rao. 1024 Mission, nr. Cih.
SCHOOL OF A CTI NG-Io'ceu™ ~Theater7 310
O'Fanrll; pot-itions gmtd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post et..
8. F. ; foundetl 1S63; $0-rage catalogue free.
L.E JEUNE .rtrt and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine Et.Shipping Intelligence.
Time' Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc OfHce, U. S. N.; Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
July 13. 1900.
. The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 e., at noon of the ]2flth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
. C. G. CALKINS.
1 Lieutenant Commander, U. S. X.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. •
NOTE— In the. above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
eecond time column slves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the - last or right hand column gives the
last tide o( the day. except when there are but
three tlde»,"^* - sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JX^Lx 14.
Sun rises • 4:58
Sun sets • 7:32
Moon rises ....*« .8:45 p. in.
Marin Supervisors Sued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eighth. District Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. July 13.— Alexander Mc-
Combie began ibuit to-day against the Su
pervisors of this county and one John Tut
tle, a contractor. The suit was commenced
in Justice Rodden's court and the com
plaint states that McComble is a tenant
under a lease of a certain portion of the
Reed ranch, and that the Supervisors and
Tuttle, dlsregaidlng: his rights under his
lease and without his consent, broke
through his fences and tore up his land,
to his damage in the sum of $299.
PLACERVILLE, July 13.— The annual
fair of the Eighth Agricultural District,
in El Dorado County, will begin August 28
and end Saturday. September 1. This
county has been blessed this year with
bountiful cropa, and the exhibits should
be of unusual excellence. The premium
list is more extensive and the premiums
more liberal than for many years past.
Funds for the Fair.
VISALIA, July 13.— The Board of Super
visors of Tulare County to-day appro,
priated $1000 toward the promotion of the
agricultural and citrus fair to be held at
Tulare City next November. The action
of the board Is generally Indorsed. .
Sunday-School Picnic.
BERKELEY, July. 13.— The final of , a
series of interdenominational Sunday
school picnics will be held to-morrow at
Bath Beach, West Berkeley. The com
mittee in charge consists of William Whit
ney, N. L. Freese and Dr. F. S. Abbott. .
KEAJL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Crimmlng to Ellen Swett (wife of Wil
liam), Hannah Byrne (wife of James) and
Margaret Campbell (wife of S. J.). lot on NE
line of Ritch street, 100 NW of Harrison, NW
25 by NE SO; t500.
Peter J. Kllm to A. W. Dlckleson, lot on E
line of -Tenth avenue, 275 S of H street. S 25
by E 120; $10.
Jonn Andrews Jones Estate Company to Joe
Anna Huber, lot on E line of Forty-ninth ave
nue. 275 S of I street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Lena Spengler (\vldov>) to Margaret Cassidy
(single), lot on E line ot Prentlss street, 75 N
of Union avenue, N 25 by 70, lot 867, Gift Map
2; $10.
John H. Brlckwedel to Pilade A. Q. Guillani,
lot on S line of North Point street, 87:6 E of
Polk, E 25 by 8 137:6; $10.
Thomas W., Katherlne A., Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to .Edward Ryan, lot on W line
of Dolores street, 58 S of Army, S 25 by W
90t *jn. • -i\- ¦•
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Frunk A.
O'Connor, lot on N line of Jersey street, 133:4
E of Diamond, E 26:8 by N 114; $10.
Frederick C. Jnnpsen, Alexander A. Koch,
William W. Sanderson and Jacob Samuels to
Philopena Sheu, EJmund L. and Ferdinand
F Koch, lot on SE line of Mission street, 175
NE of Sixth, NE 45 by SE 80; $5. .';„,.
Frederick C. Janssen vs. Alexander A. Koch.
Philopena Scheu, Edmund L. and Ferdinand
F Koch. William \V. Sanderson, Jacob Sam
uels (by H. P. Umbsen, referee) to same, same,
referee's deed; $16,000..
Alameda County.
Maggie Mallley to John Ryan, lot on N line of
P street G8 E of Louine, E 25 by N 100. being lot
H block 800, on Map of B-street Subdivision
w'atts Tract Oakland; also lot -on N line of
I aurel (or Twenty-fifth) street. 600 W of Grove,
W 50 by N 100. being lot 2S, block M, Kelsey
Tract Oakland: $10.
Frederick A. Mrrrltt to Irving Coonradt. lot
on SE line of Chotwood street, 240 NE of Santa
Rona avenue, NE IS by SE 132, being the S 15
fe«-t of lot 11, block G, Stanford Tract, Oakland,
irunject to mortgage; $10
William and Julia O'Connor to- Henry A.
Pleltner lot on W line of Wheeler avenue, 55
N of Lloyd avenue. N DO by W ISO, being lot 5,
block 747, Map of C. C. Clay's Subdivided
Block 772. and fractional blocks 72S, 734, 747,
7ol to 751 and 776, Levy &. Lane Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Sadie V. Carr to Philip Kolb, lot 20, block E
of th- Kottlnger plan of E extension of town
of Plrasanton. Murray Township; $300.
Luke B. Carr to "Annie T. Johnston, lots 2
and 3 of Louis Castro's Survey of Rose avenue,
same. Murray Township: $1500.
Maurice Wurts (single) to William Clephane,
lot on N line of Emerson street, with SE line
of Stanford avenue, NE 40 by E S5, S to N
line of Emerson street, W S9.13 to beginning,
being portion lot 15. . block L, Amended • Map
Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 13.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 45 hours from Coos Bay,
etc.
Stmr Sunol. Green. 9 days IS hours fromUn
alaska.
etmr Point Arena. Hansen. 15 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Sunol, Green, 9 days IS hours from Un
alaaka.
Stmr Tlllamook. Hughes, IS hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. 20 hours from
Needle Rock.
U S stmr Hancock. Strove. 24 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki M days.
Haw ship John Ena, Madsen. S3 days from
Newcastle, Atis.
Br ship Robert Duncan, Maclean, 63 days
from Newcastle. Aus.
Br ship Craigerne, McBryde, St days from
Newcastle. Aus.
Bark Albert. Griffith, 15 days from Honolulu.
Bktn Retriever, Sloan, 7^ days from Port
Hadlock.
Bchr Nettle Sundborg, Anderson. 7 hours from
Russian Landing.
Schr Berwick, Pederson. 10S hours from
Sluslaw River.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Rasmussen, 6S hours
from Coquille River.
Schr Newark. Beck, IS hours from Bo wens
Landing.
Schr Conflanza, Chrlstensen, 3 days from Co
qutlie River.
Schr Aloha. Fry. 24 days from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Friday. July 13.
Stmr Cogs Bay, Shea, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship E B Sutton, Carver. Honolulu: Welch
& Co.
. Br ship Musselcrag, Johnston, Queenstown;
Epplnser & Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird. Jackson. Tahiti: J Plnet
A Co.
SAILED.
Friday. July 13.
Ktmr Geo Loomls. Badeer. Ventura.
Etmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar, with schr Rio
Rey in tow.
Stmr Olpsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. .
Ship May Flint. Woodslde. Seattle.
Bark Highland Light. McLure, Tacoma.
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsen. tversens Landing.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. Point Arena.
8chr J Eppinger, Skipper, Stewarts Point.
Schr Mao' Etta. Anderson, Bowena Landing.
Bchr Esther Buhne. Salvesen. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOa, July 13. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles. « "
SPOKEN.
June IS. lat 17 S, Ion 33 W— Br shin Spring
burn, from London, for San Francisco.
June 17. lat 20 S. Ion 33 W— Ship Aryan, from
New York, for San Francisco.
July 2. lat 3 N. Ion 27 W— Br bark Heath
field, hence March 8. for Queenstown.
Per stmr Tlllamook— July 13. at 9 a m. lat
SS 11 N, Ion 123 16 W. tug Monarch, with schr
Mary Dodtre In tow. hence July 12, for Eureka.
Per Haw ship John Ena — July 12. 2S0 miles
west of San Francisco. »chr Dora Bluhm. from
Kahulul. for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM,
Per stmr Sunel— Left In port at Nome schn
Ethel Zane and J M Colman. atmm Noyo, Al
bion and Sequoia and Br stmr Garonne.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWNSEND. July 13— Stmr Nome
City, bound for Portland. Or, from Nome-, ar
rived disabled In tow of U S stmr JlcCulloch.
with three bladetdof her propeller gone. The
McCulloch picked her up 300 miles off Cape
Flattery and brought her here for Inspection.
SANTA CRUZ. July 1£— Pchr Corinthian, from
San Francisco July 7 for Dowens Landing, put
In on account of carrying away both masts
July 8, 23 mllwi west of the Farallones.
DOMESTIC PORTS
GREENWOOD— Arrived July 13— Stmr Alca
traz. hence July 12.
WHATCOM-Salled July 1J— Bktn Portland,
fcr San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed July 13— Schr Metha Nel
son, for Iillo.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 13— Br
ship Penthesilea. from London.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 13— Br stmr Brae
mer. from Victoria; Br ship Nithsdale, from
Shanghai.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 13— Schr Eu
reka, from Kahulul; schr Jennie Thelln. frcm
Bristol Bay.
Sailed July 13— Schr L*ura Mad.-en. for San
Pedro: schr Ida McKay, for San Francisco.
BOWEN3 LANDING-Salled July 12-Stmr
Navarro. for Port Los Angeles.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 13— Stmr
Nome City, from Cape Nome, in tow of U S
ptmr Hugh McCulloch; schr James H Bruce
and ships Age'nor and Standard, from Honolulu.
Arrived July 13— Schr Philippine, hence Jne 24.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jcly 13— Etmr Oregon, for
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,
PALACE HOTEL,
G C Turner, Stockton |A Anderson, Euisun
II R Moss. S Mateo Mrs Anderson. Sulsun
E G Ramer. Auburn V Skinner, N Y
(} Pelrano, San Jose J S Dovey, Phi la
V 3 Loftus, FhaFta E M Cox, Sta Rosa
G de Trocst, Oakland L F Warner. Auburn
A W Maltby. Concord |Miss L Babcock. Conn
M Warner, Oakland J R Laughier. Conn
VT A Lamar, Iowa T D Davis, Portland
Mr» Lamar, Iowa G \V Klmble, Cal
A L Brown, Rpd Bluff G A Dungan, Eureka
W McDermott. Redding C Cunningham. Or
M Harm, St Paul M Pedro, 1'endleton
L Harm, St Paul W D Ogly. Cal
A W Coots, Phoenix |G W Wright. Boston
J Henry. Fresno Mr« A W Wllley, Utah
J H Mops. Bakersfleld 3 Kamper, Wis
G McGowan. Los Ang tJ Schlingman, Mill V
S D Foreman. Cal |«J B Powers. Cal
J J Kolberg, Chicago |R W PhillipB, Cal
M E Butterfleld. S J W F Ellis, Yountvllle
G B Evans, Los Ang !J J Edgar. S Quentln
J M 1-a Rue. Stockton |T D Ryan. Sacto
Cr L McCandless, Sacto iR S Morris, Cal
J AV Brown, Los Ang IMlse Teel, Cal
C H Simpson. Ind IS P Cavanagh. Oletna
Mrs> Rhoades. Sacto IE Morrison, Omaha
F Carter. N Y G Clark, wf, Oakland
C G Bonner, Fresno
C E Gilman. Stanford I A Vincent, Saglnaw
O P Jenkins, Stanford j Miss Ambrose, Sagnw
C Melrose, Luninff PrkiF K Moody, Chicago
B Well, Alexandrla.LalC Russell & w, Albany
R K Culver, Stanford |G McGowan, Lob Ang
E P Sheehy, M E, Monti Bam Jones, Louisville
W Conlln. Butte.Mont IMax T-lrlck. Texas
O Peck, Butte, Mont IT G Ferguson & w.Ky
R Farley, Butte.MontlC F Jarret, N Y
S Kamm, Waph. I) C 1 Major It S Smlth.USV.
A Hecht. Wash, D C New York
M T Hecht. Baltimre J Bray. Tampa, Fla
L Kahn. Oakdale J C Fuller. Mollne, III
M C Mayer & w, ChpojW Brennan, N Y
Grace Ellager. ChlcsoiW Lynch, Brookln.NY
J B Miller & w, Psdna^P II Qulnn, N Y > ¦•
S McKeon & w. L AntfiH French, N Y
J E Vincent, Saginaw |\V Coleman & w, S C
Mrs Vincent, Sapinaw I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Hollenbach & w,L A T Orchard, Ogden
C FinberB. Madera G A White, Marysvlle
J C Warren, S Rosa P Maxwell, Col fax
L C Flcsher, Benlcia L Storey. Riverside
A L Falk, Livermore J R Barton, S Sfhteo
T Fa«can. Vallejo P McCann, Redding
T Johnson Merced J J McGulrk. Rockvlle
J C Duffy, Redding L C Hendrlcks, Or
P F Martin, San Jose '
100 Honokaa S Co 32 37&
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 &7'/i
$1000 Market-st Rv con 5a bonds 118 00
23 Mutual Electric Light 10 73
300 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 12V4
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 25
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 50
33 S F Gas & Electric Co 4J 37»4
£5 Spring Valley Water, cash 94 75
Street—
$12,000 Market-st Ry con 5s bonds 113 00
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 119 CO
PRODUCERS: OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 4 80
Afternoon Session.
Board—
33 Home Oil L 4 SO
Street—
25 Homes-take 12 £0
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
200 Belcher 18 500 Utah 11
600 Con New York. 04
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 16 900 Justice 10
100 Best & Belcher 22 100 Justice OS
r>0 Caledonia 91 100 Ophlr 70
CO Caledonia 92 500 Seg Belcher 04
2U0 Chollar J9 200 Sierra Nevada. 26
100 Con Cal & Va.l 45, 100 Silver H1H 6S
100 Con Cal & Va-1 BO' 600 Utah 11
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornins Session.
200 Best & Belcher 23 500 Occidental 10
300 Chollar 20 400 Ophir 70
200 C C & Va 1 47'i 400 Ophir 69
200 Con New York. 04 300 Silver Hill 63
300 Gould & Curry. 24 J0OO Utah 10
1500 Justice OS E00 Utah ...-. 11
Afternoon Session.
BOO Alpha Con 05 1000 Justice I... 10
500 Beicher 16 1500 Justice ....Jt... 11
500 Bullion 04 1500 Justice 12
250 C C & Va 1 47H 300 Savage 17
600 Hale & Norcrs. 23 800 Silver Hill 63
1600 Justice OH
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July 13—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.j Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05IJustice 10 11
Alta 07 08 Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 15 16 Mexican 18 19
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental ../.. 07 10
Bullion J03 04 Ophir 69 70
Caledonia 90 . 95 Overman 14 16
Chollar 18 20 Potos! 15 17
Challenge Con. 14 15 Savape 16 17
¦Confidence 75 S0| Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.,1 45 1 B0 See Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 26 27
Con New York. 03 04 Silver Hill 63 6S
Eureka Con — 60 St I^uis 16 —
Crown Point... 07 OSlStandard ,4 10 4 25
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 07 08
Gould & Curry- 23 25 Union Con 20 21
Hale & Norcrs. 23 25 Utah 10 11
julla 01 02 1 Yellow Jacket. 13 14
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON. •
Tl'OLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
STANISLAUS RIVKR AT OAKDALE.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRY
Following la a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per eecond, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 'Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. LIpplncott of the L'nit<sd States
Geological Survey:
Flow of Rivers.
TO ARRIVE.
CHARLESTON. B. C. July 13.— The Na
tional Educational Association closed its
convention here to-night. During the day
two sessions of the general convention
were held, during which Beveral papers
were read. ' * .
President-elect Green was introduced
and spoke briefly at the night session,
after which the committee on resolutions
made its report as follows:
In accordance with established customs and
in order better to enforce those beliefs and
practices which tend most powerfully to ad
vance the cause of popular education and a
civilization based on Intelligent democracy, the
National Educational Association, assembled
In its thirty-ninth annual meeting, makes this
The common school Is the highest hope of the
In developing character, In training intelli
gence in diffusing information, its influence is
incalculable. In last resort the common
school rests not upon statutory support, but
upon the convictions and affections of the
American people. It seeks not to cast the
youth of the country In a common mold, but
rather to afford free play for individuality and
for local needs and alms, while keeping stead
ily in view the common purpose ot all educa
tion. In this respect It conforms to our politi
cal ideas and to our political organization
which bind toc»ther self-governlne States in a.
nation, wherein each locality must bear the re
sponsibility for those things which most con
cern its welfare and Us comfort. A safe
motto for the school as for the State is: In
essentials, unity: In non-essentials, liberty; in
all thing.< charity.
A democracy provides for the education of all
its children. To regard the common schools as
schools fnr the unfortunate find the less well
to-i'.o. and to treat them as such. Is to strike a
fatal blow at their efficiency as democratic in
stitutions; It is to build up class distinctions
which have no proper place on American soil.
Thp purpose of the American common school
is to attract and to Instruct the rich, as well
as to provide for and to educate the poor.
Within its walls American citizens are made
and no person safely can be excluded from Its
benefits. :'¦¦¦¦
What has served the people of the Uraited
States «o well should be prominently placed at
the service of those who, by the fortunes ot
war, have become our wards. The extension
of the American common school system to
Cuba. Porto Rico and the Philippine Islands is
an imperative necessity In order that knowl
edge may be generally diffused therein and the
foundations of social order and effective local
pelf-government laid on popular intelligence
and morality.
Reorganization Urged.
The provisions of law for the civil govern
ment of I'nrto Rico indicate that it Is the in
tention of the Congress of the United States
to increase the responsibilities "of the Bureau of
Education. We earnestly urge upon the Con
gress the wisdom and advisability of reor
ganizing the Bureau of Education upon broader
lines, erectlns it Into an important department
on a plan with the Department of Labor; pro
viding a proper compensation for the Commis
sioner of Education, and of so constituting the
Department of Education that while its inval
uable function of collating and diffusing infor
mation be in nowise impaired, it may be equip
ped to exercise oversight over the educational
system of Alaska and of the several islands
now dependent upon us. as well as to make
some provision for the education of the chil
dren of the tens of thousands of white people
domiciled In the Indian Territory, but who
are without any educational opportunities what,
ever. Such reorganization of thn Bureau of
Education and such extension of its functions
¦we believe to be demanded by the highest in
terests of the people of the United States, and
we respectfully but earnestly ask Congress to
make provision for such reorganization and
extension at their next session. The action so
strongly recommended will in no respect contra
vene the principle that it is one of the recog
nized functions of the national Government to
encourage and to aid but not to control the
educational instrumentalities of the country.
We note with pride the rapid extension of
provision for a. separate secondary and higher
education as well as for technical, Industrial
and commercial training. National prosperity
and our economic welfare In the years to come
will depend in no small measure upon the train
ed eklll of our people, as well as upon their
Inventiveness, their persistence and their gen
eral Information.
Kvery safeguard thrown about the profession
of teaching: and every provision for its proper
compensation has our cordial approval. Proper
standards— both general and professional — for
entrance upon the work of instruction, aecurity
of tenure, decent salaries and a systematic
pension system are indispensable if the schools
are to attract and to hold the service of the
beft men and women of the United State?,
and the nation can afford to place Its children
in the care of none but the best.
Standards of Efficiency.
We welcome the tendency on the part of col
leges and scientific schools to co-operate In
formulating and administering the require
ments for admission to their several courses
of instruction, and we rejoice that this asso
ciation has constantly thrown its influence in
favor of this policy, and has Indicated how, in
our Judgment, it may be beat entered upon.
We see in this movement a most Important
step toward llfihtenlnB the burdens which now
rent upon so many secondary schools and are
confident that only good results will follow its
success.
The efficiency of a school system is tr> be
Judged by the character and the Intellectual
power of Its pupils and not by their ability to
meet a series of technical test*. The place
of the formal examination In education Is
distinctly subordinate of teaching and its use
as the sole trs>t of teaching is unjustifiable.
We renew our pledge to carry on the work
of education entrusted to us la a spirit which
shall be not only non-sectarian and non-politi
cal, but which shall accord with the highest
Ideals of our national life a,nd character. With
the continued and effective support of public
opinion and the press for the work of tha
Fchools. higher and lower alike, we 6hall enter
upon the new century with the hiKh hope born
of successful experience • and of perfect con
fidence In American policies and Institutions.
NICHOLAS MURRAY BUTLER.
New York,- Chairman.
EDWIN A. ALDERMAN. Louisiana.
CHARLES D. McIVER, North Carolina.
AV W. B. POWELL,, District of Columbia,
ALFRED BAYLIS8. Illinois.
J A. FOSHAY. California.
JAMES H. VAN SICKLE. Maryland.
WILLIAM R. HARPER, Illinois.
CHARLES F. THWINO, Ohio.
Committee on Resolutions.
The report was adopted.
Before the department of business ed
ucation Dr. H. M. Rowe of Baltimore
read a paper on "The Advantage of Diffi
culties Experienced in Introducing Com
mercial Branches Into Their Grades of
the Public Schools."
Several other departments which did
not conclude their work yesterday held
brief sessions during the afternoon.
The executive committee, which has un
der consideration the matter of the next
meeting place, will visit Detroit and Cin
cinnati early In October.
Advisability of Reorganizing Bureau
of Education Upon Broader
Lines Is Pointed
Out
Resolutions Adopted fey the
National Educational
Association.
EXTENSION OF
PUBLIC SCHOOL
SYSTEM URGED
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— A special to the
Tost-DIspatch from New London, Mo.,
says: Ex-Governor Charles P. Johnston
of St. Louts, one of the chief attorneys foV
the State in the trial of Alexander Jes
ter, charged with the killing of Gilbert
Gates, brother of John W. Gates, mad« a
statement to-day as to the reasons which
led to the prosecution by Gates of. the
aged prisoner. Said he:
Gates family had long since given
up all intention of ever pushing the case
ot the murder of their boy to trial, but
one year or more ago this man was
forced again to the attention of the
Gates family under the most peculiar cir
cumstances by Jester's sister. John W.
Gates told us he felt it a duty he
owped to the memory of his dead brother,
a duty he owed the State, and, above all,
a duty he owed his aged parents, to de
mand a vigorous trial and an unearthingf
of all the testimony possible. We have
had detectives follow the trail through
four States and know every act of Alex
ander Jester for the past thirty years."
Francis Marlon Dawson, who lived
about four miles east of the Hulin lane
and south of the Harris, Mo., road, in
1871. took the stand to-day. He testified
that in January, 1871, he met Alexander
Jester In this lane. The old msji had two
teams and wagons. They were standing
still in the road at a point east of the
¦\Vest Madison road. As Mr. Dawson
passed. Jester asked him how far it
was to a road that he could turn south
on. This evidence is considered to be
sufficient to show that Jester's turning
from the main thoroughfare was not an
accident, but to conceal this alleged
crime.
John D. Mott of Valley Center, Kansas,
testified that he had lived there twenty
years and had known Jester thirty
years. He said Jester lived with his wife
and seven children, and that he never
knew him as Hill. He had seen at his
place in 1S70 a two-horse "jolt" wagon and
a buffalo calf. The witness said Jester
farmed and also exhorted a little. He
attended Sabbath school.
J. C. Temple of Rennick, Mo., testified
that he saw Jester and Gates at this town
In 1871. Jester exhibited the buffalo calf
there and took up a collection. This is
supposed to have been a short time before
Gates was killed.
Joseph B. Delaney. an old citizen of
Monroe County, testified to the truth of
the story that his wife had made him
get up at their home near Mlddlegrove
one night In January, 1871, stating that
she heard cries of distress. Mr. Delaney
said that the next morning he went to
the camp and asked the old man what
the noise meant. He said Jester told him
he had choked young Gates while he.
Jester, was dreaming. The witness to
day pointed to Jester as the same man
that told him this story that morning In
January, 1S71.
Witnesses Tell of Jester's
Movements Thirty
Years Ago.
To One the Accused Man Had De
clared That He Had Choked His
Companion While Suffering
From Nightmare.
COILS TIGHTEN
AROUND YOUNG
GATES' SLAYER
FOREIGN TOUT;
Nome. July 12— Stmr City of Seattle, fcr Ska«r
uay: stmr Lakme. for Vancouver: stmr Ruth,
for Skagtiay: stmr Alliance, for Nome.
Arrived July 12— Cr stmr Pak Ling, from .
July 13— Stmr Ohio, from Port Townsend; »tmr
Dolphin, hence July 10.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived July 12— Stmr Wm II
Kru~er. heuce July 9.
HONGKONG— Arrived Juiy 11— F.r stmr Al
fcoa. hence June I. July VZ— Jap strar Honskong
M.jrn. h«-nce Junu 14.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed July 11— Bark
Abby Palmer, tr.r Honolulu.
FALMorTH— Arrlvrd July 12— Br ship Celtic
Monarch, hence March 7.
QUEENSTOWN-Salle.l July 12-Ger ship
Marrretha. for Antwerp.
NANAIMO— Arrived July 12— Hr stmr Robert
Adamson, from Victoria; stmr Aztec, frtm,
Port Los Angeles.
VICTORIA— Arrival July 5-Hr ship Thistle,
from Hongkong: Nor atmr Kvarven. from Lon
don. July 13— Pr schr r.imap. from Cardiff;
Chll war stmr Generar Ba<iuedana. from Tal
cahunno.
Sailed July 13—H . R II stmr Arethusa. for
China.
CHEMAINTS- Arrived July 13— Ship Elweli.
from Honolulu; ship James Drtimmond. from
Victoria.
n^EAN STEAMER?
COPENHAGEN — Arrived July 13 — Stmr
TMr-Kvttla, from New York.
TORT ISLAND- Passed July 12— Ptmr Gre
cian, from Montreal, fnr Glasgow: stmr Sitw
rian. from Philadelphia, via St John. N F. for
Glasgow and Liverpool.
UZAKD-Psssdi July 13— Stmr Kensington,
from N>w York, for Antwerp.
HAM RrilO— Arrived July 13— Ptmr Kaiser
Fritrterlch. from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
OEXOA- Arrived July 13— Stmr AHer. from,
New York, via Gibraltar and N«p!es.
ffEW ' YORK- Arrived July H-Strnr Pre
toria, frrnn H.inhunr and Plymouth. •
BROWHEAD— Passed July 13— Stmr Etmrta.
from N>w York, for Que»n«town an* Liverpool.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
13
r) Time Time Time Time
(. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
; «f- LW H TV , L W H W
14 .. 6:311—0.4 1:40 C.I 6:45 2.4
' H W L. W H W L W
15 ... 0:45 6.4 7:14 0.0 2:17 5.4 7:45 I.I
16 .. 1:43 5.1 7:66 0.5 2:56 5.5 8:49 l.{
17 ..". 2:52 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 S.6 9:51 l.J
18 ... 4:05 4.3 • 9:32 . 1.6 4:23 6.8 11:01 0.!
[9 ... 6:23 3.3 10:26 2.2 5:10 5.9
LW H W L VV H W
>0 .. 0:11 0.5 6:48 3.9 11:25 2.7 6:03 6.(
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Corona |San Diego |July it
Columbia "Portland Uulr u
N«xrburg Grays Harbor [July 14
Orizaba Humboldt iJuly 13>
Matteawan Tacoma IJuly IT.
Willamette Seattle [July IS
Bonlta Newport iJuly 18
Walla Walla... Victoria &t Puget Sound! Julv IS
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 16
Belgian King:... China and Japan July is
Stem Oyster Harbor July 17
Warfield Oyster Harbor July 17
Coptic China and Japan July 17
Abydos Hamburg July 17
Australia Hcnotolu July^7
Santa Rosa San Diego July IS
Empire Coos Bay July IS
Cre*cent City... Cre-cent City July 19
State of Cal Portland July 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma July 19
Colon New York July 2)
Coob Bay Newport July 2>
Arcata Coob Bay July 20
Point Arena Point Arena..*. July 20
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Coquille R.. [Grays Harbor July 14. 3 pm[
Coos Bay... (Newport July ;4. 9 amiP'.er 11
ft Paul Cape Xome... July 14. 2 pmil'ler 34
Eureka Humboldt July 14. 2 pm|Pier 13
Arcata .... Coos Bay July 15. 12miPIerl3
City Puebla Vic & r*t Bd. July 13. 11 anvPirr »
Nowburg ..|Grays Harbor July 16. 6 pm|Pler 13
North Fork Humboldt July !«, 11 miHier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 18. t pm.Pler 2
Corona .... San Die>ro July 15. 11 amjPler U
Columbia .. Portland July 17. 11 am Pier 21
Orizaba ...Humboldt July 17. 2 pm Pier 9
Newport ... X. Y. v. Pan. July 18, 12 m PMSS
Bonlta San Pedro..... July IS. 9 am, Pier 11
City Janeiro China A Japan July 19. 12 m.PMfcS
Ohio Cape Nome... July 19. 5 pml
Santa Rosa San Diego July 20. 9 am Pier 11
Walla W..|Vlctorta July SO. 11 ami Pier 9
1 Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1S93. 1900.
* —
July 1 2*53 24.10
July 3 2SS2 1930
July 4 2SS4
July 5 »30 1642
July 6 22J2 154«
July 7 I 1930 1S34
Second Fe«t.
DATE. J-
1S99. I 1900.
July 1
July 2
July 3
July 4
July 5
July 6
July 7
3105 3443
2940 2940
2940 2780
2940 2C3O
27SO IS35
2315 1765
2170 1765
Second Ft.
s
DATE. j Mn'j? Co. I Turlock
1S33 1500 Canal. Canal.
iTot
IMC
! 1
July 1 25H 1 1M0 12
July 2 2309 1740 12
July 3 2104 1590 12 '
July 4 2104 1180 12 1
July 5 1914 10«O 12 1
July 6 1764 »5O 12 !
July 7 1614 S50 12 |
i...;
I Second
A Feet.
DATE. ¦ 1
1S39.
1900.
July 1 1"«
July 2 1120
July 3 1C45
July 4 970
July 5 900
July 6 ~M
July 7 760
1045
7S0
760
650
«3O
620
620
DATE. j
)
I Second Feet.
ISM. 19C0.
:
— —
uly 1
uly 2
uly 3
Uly 4
uly 5
uly 6..
ulv 7 1
4760 4760
47«0 4760
4760 4764
4760 45*1
4760 4360
4760 4560
I 4360 4560
r) Time Time Time Time
(. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
; «f- LW H TV , L W H W
14 .. 6:311—0.4 1:40 C.I 6:45 2.4
' H W L. W H W L W
15 ... 0:45 6.4 7:14 0.0 2:17 5.4 7:45 I.I
16 .. 1:43 5.1 7:66 0.5 2:56 5.5 8:49 l.{
17 ..". 2:52 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 S.6 9:51 l.J
18 ... 4:05 4.3 • 9:32 . 1.6 4:23 6.8 11:01 0.!
[9 ... 6:23 3.3 10:26 2.2 5:10 5.9
LW H W L VV H W
>0 .. 0:11 0.5 6:48 3.9 11:25 2.7 6:03 6.(
1 Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1S93. 1900.
* —
July 1 2*53 24.10
July 3 2SS2 1930
July 4 2SS4
July 5 »30 1642
July 6 22J2 154«
July 7 I 1930 1S34
Second Fe«t.
DATE. J-
1S99. I 1900.
July 1
July 2
July 3
July 4
July 5
July 6
July 7
3105 3443
2940 2940
2940 2780
2940 2C3O
27SO IS35
2315 1765
2170 1765
Second Ft.
s
DATE. j Mn'j? Co. I Turlock
1S33 1500 Canal. Canal.
iTot
IMC
! 1
July 1 25H 1 1M0 12
July 2 2309 1740 12
July 3 2104 1590 12 '
July 4 2104 1180 12 1
July 5 1914 10«O 12 1
July 6 1764 »5O 12 !
July 7 1614 S50 12 |
i...;
I Second
A Feet.
DATE. ¦ 1
1S39.
1900.
July 1 1"«
July 2 1120
July 3 1C45
July 4 970
July 5 900
July 6 ~M
July 7 760
1045
7S0
760
650
«3O
620
620
DATE. j
)
I Second Feet.
ISM. 19C0.
:
— —
uly 1
uly 2
uly 3
Uly 4
uly 5
uly 6..
ulv 7 1
4760 4760
47«0 4760
4760 4764
4760 45*1
4760 4360
4760 4560
I 4360 4560
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Coquille R.. [Grays Harbor July 14. 3 pm[
Coos Bay... (Newport July ;4. 9 amiP'.er 11
ft Paul Cape Xome... July 14. 2 pmil'ler 34
Eureka Humboldt July 14. 2 pm|Pier 13
Arcata .... Coos Bay July 15. 12miPIerl3
City Puebla Vic & r*t Bd. July 13. 11 anvPirr »
Nowburg ..|Grays Harbor July 16. 6 pm|Pler 13
North Fork Humboldt July !«, 11 miHier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 18. t pm.Pler 2
Corona .... San Die>ro July 15. 11 amjPler U
Columbia .. Portland July 17. 11 am Pier 21
Orizaba ...Humboldt July 17. 2 pm Pier 9
Newport ... X. Y. v. Pan. July 18, 12 m PMSS
Bonlta San Pedro..... July IS. 9 am, Pier 11
City Janeiro China A Japan July 19. 12 m.PMfcS
Ohio Cape Nome... July 19. 5 pml
Santa Rosa San Diego July 20. 9 am Pier 11
Walla W..|Vlctorta July SO. 11 ami Pier 9
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Corona |San Diego |July it
Columbia "Portland Uulr u
N«xrburg Grays Harbor [July 14
Orizaba Humboldt iJuly 13>
Matteawan Tacoma IJuly IT.
Willamette Seattle [July IS
Bonlta Newport iJuly 18
Walla Walla... Victoria &t Puget Sound! Julv IS
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 16
Belgian King:... China and Japan July is
Stem Oyster Harbor July 17
Warfield Oyster Harbor July 17
Coptic China and Japan July 17
Abydos Hamburg July 17
Australia Hcnotolu July^7
Santa Rosa San Diego July IS
Empire Coos Bay July IS
Cre*cent City... Cre-cent City July 19
State of Cal Portland July 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma July 19
Colon New York July 2)
Coob Bay Newport July 2>
Arcata Coob Bay July 20
Point Arena Point Arena..*. July 20
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
•SAN FRA.\Ci:CO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the chaste for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle fcr the ashes and organ service*
is $30. The same for members of the family. ,
GEORGE tt. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
PKOPOSAIjS.
FEALED proposals will be received at the Bu-
reau of Medicine ar.il 8urg*>ry. Navy Depart-
ment, until 1 p. m.. Monday, July 39, 1S00, for
La New Holler House and eiufpment at the
t'. S. Naval Hospital. Mare Island. Cal.
V'lnns specification* and blank forms of pro-
jx*al can tie had upon application to the Med-
iccl Officer In charge of the Naval Hospital,
Mar* lBlan-1. Cai. W. K. VAN REYPEN.
Surgeon General. U. E. Navy. July 2, 1300.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth Et. Tel. South 16J^
rr.NERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALXER3.
Finest Equipment nt Moderate Rates.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannapan & Gallagher).
DANII'L P. DONOVAN. Mcr.
FUNERAL DIHECTOnS AND EMBALMERS,
10 Fifth st.. opuoslte Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
iji\!iji;\i» .Mj'i'ii i;>.
DIVIDEND NuTICE— The Nevada National
liar.k <-f S;in Francisco. At a regular rneet-
'.r.c of the Heard of Directors of this bank.
h»-!<J July 3. !'jc<j, a dividend was declared for
the bail yonr »-nd!ns June 30, 1'jOO. at the rate
of ee\*n <TJ tvr cent per annum, payable on
«.nd after the Kth inst. Transfer books will
l>e closed from the 10th to the Hth Ir.st.. both
£i-,K Inclusive. GEORGE GKANT.
July J. 1W0. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 11 -iwen-
t)~-five crnts jrf-r share) of the ICIlauea Sucar
Plantation Company will b» pavyble at the
t.frf'-e at the mmpany. j?" .Market M., on and
aitf-r llom!.iy. July ]€, 1900 T'-insfer books
fiowd TuvrJay. July 10. lfOO. at 2 o'ol >ck
p. m. H. H. PIIELDON, Swretary.
DIVIDEND NVitic< — Dividend No. 81 (twenty-
five cfn'.n per share) of the Hutchinson Hupar
riir.tati'.r. Company wli; t>c paynble 'at Hie
f fflce >'f the c< mpany. Z2~ Market st.. on a:i<l
*::er Friday. .'«!y >ih. J%0. Tn»n.«f>r hooks
v.'i\\ rir-he on Saturday. July Hth. j:«00. at It
o'clock m. I-:. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
TVI'KWUITKKS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAItOAtXS [Kf TYPEWRITERS— We
sell Letter mar-bines for less money than any
hoOM in the city: i-entd!«, I 1 !. Th»- Typewrit»r
T'x< h.ir.«r<\ MS <;aliforniu. telephone Main 2C6.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON UUOS.. !=torase and moving: covered
var.s. Truth and Market; phone .South 7C2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pj.riy. ZZ20 Fillmore »t.; phone Jackson 2iL
PKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 721 Mission st,
tel. Main lMD— Packlnc. moving and storage.
A WEEK'S news for S <-.»nts~The Weekly Call.
It rat;'--*, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
STAUL£» IO LKT.
STABLE. TS *'all*: suitable for express or milk
depot; month'* rent free: ch«ap. 2<\?.i Mission.
SHU'ISG MACHIXES A.NO SLI'I'LIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
Bnteed. Chas. Plamheck, 1S13 Mi?«ir,n. nr. Uth.
ALL kinds boui?; . sold, exchanged, rented;
HAD tenant* ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
r'O., 415 Montgomery st. room« 9-10: tel. 5i80.
CHEAPEST and be*t in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 r«P°5. pent to any address in the
I*nited states or Canada one year for Jl.
ROOMS papered from tl: whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
NOTICE. — j r«- Fecretary of the Fan Francisco
Protcwtant Orphan Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half-or-
fhar. Klrls and boys have been received at the
asylum, on Haight Et., from January l, 1900,
to July 1. J&'O: Alice C. Nelson. 10 yrs. 8
rnif. : Magpie Green. 15 yrs. ; Marsraret £•.
Al"sander. 7 yrs. S mos.; Amelia Ilatmussen,
7 yre.; Rose Rasmus-sen, 1 yr. 9 mos.; Mabel
Gorden. S yrs. U mcs. ; Helen W. Bcsch, 8
yrs. 3 mos. : Florence J. Bo?ch, 3 yrs. S mos. :
Vivian Anderson. 7 yrs.: J'.jr.a Anderson. I
ITS. 10 m^s.; R<->sie Smith. 3 yrs.: Lilian
Fher.k. 11 -. -rs>. ; Ci ar a Phenk. 9 yrs.; Estella
Fhenk. 5 yrs.: Ar.r.i? Fher.k, 1 yr. 10 mos.;
Agne* Kelly. 7 yrs. 6 mos.; Florence Kelly. 3
yr*. Gff;rffe A. Heid. 10 yrs.: Duncan Mc-
I^an. T yr*.; i.larfnr« L». Alexander, 9 yrs. 9
mos. ; R' bcrt Alexander. 2 yr«>. 6 mot. ; Carl
G!ecke, & yrs. 6 mos.; Joseph Geary, 5 yrs. 10
trios.; Carl MorFe, 7 yrs.: William McK. Gor-
don. 4 yr* : George E- Hosch. 10 yrs. 2 mos. ;
Frank Bo*rh. 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Charles Bopch. 2
yre. I mos.: Edward Anderson. & yrs. 9 mos.;
Percy Smith, S yre. 1 mo.; Walter Smith. 8
yrs.: Joseph Fmith. I yr?. 11 rnos:: Laurence
I>av!s, 1 yr«. S rr.os. ; Ch^ptor Davi«. 4 yrs. S
not; PhUij. Kelly, € yre. 5 mos., and John
rnmus. 11 yrs. 7 mos.
DIED.
Barrett. Maria A. Joseph. Michal J.
BrownFtone. Isaac Logan, Milburn H.
Brumfleld. Mrs. A. Lowe. James M.
Burdick. Harriet G. McCarthy. Mildred
Culberson. Man' A. McKernan. William
Chandler. Richard D. Meaeher. James
Cutter. Horace F. O'Brien. Cecelia I.
Demarals. Emily Peterson. Carolina
Friedrlch. John W. Pope. Mary
Goewey. James M. Qulnn. Katie
Grifnn. Catherine fcchuler. John *
Hale. William E. Smith. Clara B. A.
Harker, Benjamin C. Winkler. George
Hirschberg, W.
BXRRETT— In Oakland. July IS. 1900, at 1?61
Grove street. .Maria A., beloved wife of C. R.
Barrett, a native of Maine, aged GS years and
1 month.
BKOWXSTOXE— In this city. July 13, 1900.
Isaac, beloved husband of Dina Brownstnne,
and father of Joseph, Harry, Charles. Albert,
Loui*. Hattie. Abe and Milton Brownftone,
Mrs. Mark Lasky and Mrs. M. C. Lasky, a
native cf Germany, aped €3 years 6 months
and II days. (Fresno papers please copy.)
C^FYieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1CK3 Post street. Interment f-alem
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
BR I'M FIELD— In this city. July 12, 1900, Mrs.
Annie Urumfield, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam Terry, and plcter of John. William.
Mary and Michael Terry, a native of Santa
Rosa. Sonoma. County. Cal.
BCRDICK— In this city, July 13, 1900, Harriet
Goodrldge Burdick, mother of Colonel George
R.. Fannie G.'. Edward S. and Benjamin E.
Burdtck. a native of Vermont, aged 71 years 7
months and 11 days.
CyXotice of funeral in Sunday morning's
paper.
Cl'LIinnPON— In this city. July 12. 1900, Mary
Ann. beloved wife of Cliff Culberson, siste-
of William Duean of Portland, Or., and sis-
ter-in-law of Richard Heaseley and John But-
terworth. a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years 11 months and 25 days.
CHANDLER— In this city. July 12. 1900. Rich-
ard IX. eldest son of Richard B. and Laura.
E. Chandler, aged 1 year and 11 months.
CUTTER— In this city, July 13, 1900, Horace
P. Cutter, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged
*1 years.
DKMARAIS— In Oakland. July 13. 1900. Emily
Demarale. beloved wife of George D«marais,
mother of Claude and Laura Oakley De-
marais. daughter of Mrs. V. C. Younir, and
sister of Sarah M. Coleman and Percy Younjr.
a native of St. Paul, Minn., aged 46 years 6
months and 22 days.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Giers Hall. Four-
teenth and Washington (streets. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
FniF.DRICH— In this city, July 12, 1900, John
William Friedrlch.- beloved son of John G.
and Caroline Friedrlch. and brother of Ed,
George and the late Itosle Friedrich, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 7 months
and 12 days.
C^FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at ? o'clock, from the parlors of
Castagnetto & Ravenna, C43 and 643 Vallejo
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery-
OOBWET— In this city. July 13. 1900. James
Monroe Goewey. beloved husband of Kate tj.
Goewey, and father of Charles. Frank, Ger-
trude. James and Herbert Goewey, a^natlve
of Albany, X. Y.. aged 72 years.
(TT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Funday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, northwest corner of Page and Loguna
streets. Interment private.
GRIFFIN— In this city. July 1L 1900. Catherine,
wife of Thomas Griffin, and aunt of' Mrs
Thomas Ernest Furman and Mary and Katie
Callaphan, a native of Queens County, Ire-
land, need tl years.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:4". o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor &¦ Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a mass
will b#t celebrated for the repose of her noul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
HALE— In Oakland. July 11. 1900. William El-
mer Hale, a native of HolIIs. N. H.. aged 57
mn and 11 month*.
lT7Fri<-n(1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
MARRIED.
ELLSHOLTZ— KKLTERER— In this city. July
10, 1500, by the P.ev. Hermann Gehrcke.
George Elfsholtz and Dora Kelterer, both ol
Pan Francisco.
McCILL— CARTER— In Eunol Glen. July 4, 1900.
by the Rev. W. H. Cooke, Dr. Henry Gorden
McGlll ar.d Jessie May Carter.
PEXNA— rOINSOX— In this city. June 13. 1M0.
by G. W. F. Cook. Justice of the Peace. Jo-
seph Penna and Pauline Poinson, both o: San
Francisco.
•SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE GirN' Directory <">rr>han Asylum elves
notice that the loilowJnp orphan, half-orphan,
abandoned children .ind foundlings have
been received in the orphanage from Decem-
ber SI. IS?». to June SO, 1900: Mary Kllif-
¦n-oith 7 '.vars 3 inontn: Asr.etta. 11 years 3
month*, and Mary Cca'.es. « year?: El.=ie. 30
yeare 4 mqntha, Ethel, It years 4 months, and
Lii'.io Coletnan, 11 years 2 months; Ella, 7 yt-ara
C month* and Hurie] Punn, 4 years S months:
Bertht. T vcart ari IJabel P:verst<»n. S years
6 months: ISa Durham, 'J yean? S months: I<la
Korea. S yf-arp 7 months: Marparet SpracrrHng.
1 years 3 month*; Ruth Hurbert. 3 years 4
months: Maria Cline. 3 years: Mar>'. 7 years.
Atrlf. I > .\ir >. a.id Marcaret Ha rriein. I y»ai>;
Qu"*enle l>T.ny, 7 years 6 months; Mary St.
D^r.r.'is. 2 vears 4 months; Anm<\ <i year^ 10
months. Francis, 5 years 4 months, and Em-
ma Kiel. 4 year*: Irene. Z years. Evaline, 9
year*. K;.;*". 4 y^ars. and Marparet Hurley. S
yean?: Theresa. 3 years and May Skelley. S
year?: Mary Uyan. i run 1 month; Angela
Andcrp-n. 3 yeavt; Shrah Ulrlch. 9 years 3
months: Irene Hnsbes. S years 4 months:
l.curn I>»ne. 7 year* S month*: Emma Spreck-
;»*. ]i >fars i months: Alice Manheim, 9
:.<*ar« 6 month?; Francis Lyons. 12 years 2
month*; Florence Hughes, 5 years 2 months;
K.irry Coleman. 7 year* 10 months: John
X'f*'l«"y. 3 y*arp I rri'-.ruh*; Harry iliddox, 5
y*r* v moaths; J' hn Johnson. 7 years: Ches-
t» r Romanj ( years; George Sivertspn. 4
yr?.vf ?; miintho; r.eorRe Trlbon, 2 years 2
meette: Fratvis Piatlus. I years 11 months:
Trasik Hum. 3 yc-ers 2 months; Charles Haldt.
2 rears 6 tr.or.ths: William McTolloush, 3
ypar? ) months; Walter O'Farrell, 1 year 3
rtcnths; Louis Monge. 9 years; Harold. 4
y-ar«. and Bdvard <.'l!r.e. 2 year* 6 months:
TVilliam Harrigran. 5 yearn 6 months: Thomas
Kurran. 2 yars a ir.cnths; Willie. 3 years 6
months, and Edward Lar.e, 5 year?: Geor.TJ
Gonzalf-?, 7 years 3 months; John Ulrich, 6
yarn I month: Joseph I'.as'ana, 4 >ea'.i; Wil-
liam Putt. 3 m<-nths; Tliorr.as McLauctiiin. 2
year* 7 months; Paul Vainioor, 4 years 11
months.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices pent by
mail Will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GREENBERG— In this city. July 13. 1900, to
the wife of Meyer Greenbergr of Fresno, a
TYSON— In this city, July 12, 1S00, to the wife
of Robert J. Tyson, a son.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license w&s Issued
yesterday:
Michael Long, 31. Eureka, and Isabella Re-
voy. 21, city.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALtf.
A*? introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
fiirniturr dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Etearnert leave Broadway
fcg^ wharf, San Francisco:
C.^Vi^_ Fcr Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
V'T?v2EV j "''- v Kl - -"• ""'¦ ""• August 4.
|£j££j3>j«v Change to company's steamers
&exV3Jr*vr\'l For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
S&S^f^il r >- r ' rt Townsen.i. Seattle.
Jr^ B Hss i ynfM Tamrr-a. Everett, Anacortea
"I^S*! an( j jjew Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July 15. 20. 23, 30.
August *. and every fifth day thereafter.
Chans-e at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y.; at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July
12. IT. 22. 27. August 1. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cay»
ucc«. Pert Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. July 14. IS. 22. 26. 30. August 3. anil
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Obl.'po). Sar.ta Barbara. Port
Los Anfjeles and Hedondo (Los Anjteles)— 11 a.
m .. July 12. 16. 20. 24. 2S. Aurust 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Majcdalera Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Sar.ta Rosalii
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
' month. _
For further information obtain company^
foldera.
The company reserves the right to char.**
steamers, failing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-! Sew Montgomery
utreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. C,en. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francl3co.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 Hrst Class including Berth
lAHC $3 Second Clas* anJ /V.eali
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 12. 22. Aus. t
COLUMBIA .•ails July ">. 1". *>- An %- 8
Short line to Walia Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, Oen<ral Agent.
630 Market St..
GOODALL. PERKINS fc CO..
Superintendent^
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dl.«ratch fcr
INO/V1B,
PORT CLARENCE. CAPE YORK AMD
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elecant. Commodious. Fast Al Paueii
«:er Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Tw»ntT-flv* hundred torn*' displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Ptsnenjser and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
2?0 Market »t.. San Francisco.
S. S. OHIO,
FROM f AX FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or abont July 23d.
For passage sti<1 other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION' CO.. 133 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
WVft TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LC.VDOH. P1211
Stopping at Cherbours. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul July ISf New York ...Auyust 8
St. Louts July 23 St. Paul August 13
RED STA^ LIN2.
•>>W Yorl( crjd Antwt»%
From Xew York every Wednesday. 12 nocn.
Frlesland July lSjWesternland .Auffust 1
Southwark July 23! Kensington ..August %
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montjomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S. 8. "OHIO" from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael May 14. Subsequent eallinea from
Seattle to Nome. Pt. Michael and Yukon River
pfllnts, July 31, August 30. For rates and other
Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
mTeise^eaishI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Urannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONOICON'O. calllnir at
Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Ilonekons with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailins:.
S3. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARL*
.¦ Saturday. September 22. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
\V\ II. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGSIE OEHFRALE TRANSATLAHTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
Saillnp; every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S39. at
10 a. m.. from Pier -12. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA I5RETAGXE. July 13; LA
CHAMPAflNE. July 20; LA TOURINE. August
I; L'AQVITAINE. August 9. First class to
Havre. $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $C3 and upwari: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New Vnrk. J. F.
FUGAZI Sc CO.. racific Coast Agent* 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
HAMBURG- AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS> AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSF.XOEn SSRVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERKOCItO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailins:. etc.. Apply to
HAMBURO-AMERICAN LINK. .TTTfdw'y. N. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved if secured befcre departure.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. A«rts. for Pacific Coaat.
401 California st.. corner Sansome. M. y.
0CEAXIC S. S. CO.-HOVOI.irLU, APLA
AUCKI.A.NI) AJTJD SYD.NJSY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA* t Honolulu onty)
Wednesday, July 23, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia. .Wed.. Aur. 8. S p. m.
;. O. 6f«tC;icLS 4 <3:.Cb.CO..;3ts.. i+ t'ontsomen
Pisr 7. Foot Pacific St. FreigWOSice.327 Market St
"TiauTs. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer "Montlcello."
HON.. Tuea.. hnl.^.iun. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. v ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. I. Telephone Mala 1303.
FARE We.
CHEAPEST and- best in America— The Weekly
Call 1* pases, sent to any address in the
I'r.lt'ed States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
J1500. Half ca<?h: S acres adjoining Richmond
Heights- f.o minutes to Saji Francisco: 20 min-
utes to Oakland; two railroad stations. Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific; worth double the price
!,-k'>i; owner must sell. ' '.'.'
For patlcular* Inquire. LATMAN _,
Room 10, G32 Market Et.. San Francisco.
THREE BLOCKS FROM BROADWAY.
j2,-,oo Cottape of 6 rooms, bath, hall, base-
ment and bay-window on sunny side and In a
choice location- one block to public plaza;
above Seventh^treet^ &
100S Broadway, Oakland.
IIOOMS TO I,liT — Fnrn. ntnl Infnrn.
A— BUCTCSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
;."k- to SI l*r :;:;.ht. Jl -'•> to Si i>er week. a::d
light In>u5* keeping ; «;pen all night.
BCBXKTT.'lCI Market Ft. (old No. 13G4)-Fur-
r.ithed rms.. suitor, single: also unfurnished.
r»=Tl'7l BU— Two unfurnished roorr.s; modern;
r^-H V«" "
FDPY <U4^Larse desifable room for gentle-
i-kr. ¦' Hornet: running water: bath; "phone;
j'.r^.-ise family;
mjw ;(3 cTr. Uarldn— Sunny front room:
'folding bed: WeW— ct» lights: suit.-i'.ue for two.
VOI <OM~ PC- oor. <;th (The OI»vr>— Newly ft— -
nlshed noony ro> ms. single or suites ; reasor.bl.
GF\nV 4'*" (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms:' suites or single ; travcl<*rs acco'dated.
CEAKV. «U— Suanr furnished and unrurnisli»*d
room*
GE U*T. :.:f-n.!<>Fant Bonny parlor suit"; piano,
telephone: other rooms; lipht hotMtkepeing.
«;KANI» soi;T!J-*nN. Fnuthc-an corner Seventh
si'.'i Mission \-;s.— Sunny rooms, en puite or
Finpie; ladies' parlor; rcadir.g room: elevator.
HARRIET. l~. between Sixth. Seventh. Howard
and Fol«om— Two separate furnished rooms
vith board in private German family; good
Gennan cooking.
HOTEL Ftaactoen " decant suites: single; tran-
¦ienl; bfttll*. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. MS, cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
: ma reasonable; by dny, week or month.
HOW'AED, 1059. near Twelfth— Rooms, clean.
new anJ sunny; references.
MARKET, 1C5S. between Sixth and Seventh—
Punr.y furnished doubie rooms; $£ month.
McALLISTKJt. i'0' — 3 tunny fura'<«hed bay-
window rooms arid bath; German family; $1"?.
MCALLISTER. lOCO— Very eunny front room;
cuirt : K.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished
rooms; 3.V a day up; ii a week up; transient.
O'FARRKLL. £0 — Sur.ny famished rooms and
rff.r-rs-: elevator; electric liKhts; day, wk., mo.
POWELL. 121— Lieht. riean rm?. ; suites or sln-
Cle; transient; running water: rates reduced.
nOSEHALE House. 319and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. C5c to Jl; week. Tl 25 to $4: open njglit.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Fllis M.-Incandescent
light. — -adinK rocm. em. kir.g ro^m and lR<!!ef»'
parlor: rooms. |«"r n'.Rht. 3'k- to $1 Si): wet-k. $1
to f*: month. T* to J20; elevator on ofnee floor;
rr>cm» with hot and cold water; baths.
PACRAMF.NTO. 649 — NVat furnished rooms;
private family; tl and ar'arii.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth Et..
near Market-Furnished or unfurnished.
TENTH. :r,6— Two furnitJied back rooms; sunny
yard: alno s-lr.Kle.
THE OAKS llf Third— A Rood ronmlr.gr house
for pood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor^
CLA.SSIKinD advertisement* and subscriptions
received at fail branch i ffice. 2200 Fiilmore.
A BRANCH .>ffice for Call advertisements ar.d
eubfcrirtions has been established at 16S6 Va-
lenr!n i=t.
ROOMS AND BO MID.
LAP PALMAP. 1S2S Market Bt.— Suite of 2 or 3
rtns.; private: bath: Fin. rms. : board optional.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WASTED— Br per.tlf-ir.an. room and board
with use of yard in vicinity of Thirtieth st.
anj Fan J..«e" av«nu-. Box i:-47. Call offloe.
TO SAVE FORECLOSURE.
$'500 buys a beautiful 8-roomed nearly new
Colonial style home in Frultvale, with lot 75x
140 feet on high ground; close to Fruitvale
ave.: barn and lot of fruit trees; mortgage ot
$•"000 Is pressins: such chances are scarce and
generally sell quick. &
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
RENTAL VALUE J32 PER y MONTH.
JIOOO— Two new 5-roomed flats with all mod-
ern improvements: lot 30x125 feet, with street
work nil done: lower flat rents for $15; upper
occupied by owner: will bring $17: these are
low figures and sure; a big bargain for ln-
v !u. 1. geq AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland.
NEW house of 8 rooms; your own price and
terms; choice location: Rood house of 5
roims: $16:0. J. H. YOUXG, builder. 1243
Park St.
AL.AMEUA ItHAi INSTATE.
K. 1). JUDD CO..
1414 Park St., Alameda.
JC;rO-LOT 43x140; finest location on Central
ave.. with eooJ house of S rooms.
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, Harrison street, opposite
Fourteenth. Oakland, under the auspices of
Oakland Lodge No. 1S8. F. and A. U. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
HARKER— In this city, July 12, 1900. Benjamin
C. Harker, a native of Liverpool, England,
ared 40 years.
HIRSCHBERG— In this city, July 11, 1900, W.
Hlrschberg, a native of Germany, aged 6i
years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking: Com-
pany. 2420 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOSEPH— In this city, July 13. 1300, at his
residence, TOO Jone» street, Michal J.. be-
loved lrusband of Henrietta C. Joseph, a na-
tive of England, aged C7 years 11 months ana
11 da;-B.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:30 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets, un-
der tho/auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120, F.
and A. M. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by the il:S0 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Remains at the fu-
neral parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 31$
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
LOG AX— In this city, July 12. 1900. Milburn
Homer, eldest son of M. H. and Leta Logan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years 10
months and 12 days. (St. Helena papers
please copy.)
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irrvited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 770 Oak street, corner of Steiner. In-
terment rrivate.
LOWE— In this city. July 12. 1900. James Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Catherinp- Lowe, son
of Catherine and the late Bernard Lowe, and
brother of Mary, 'Jennie, Katie and Annie
Lowe, a native of Vallejo, Cal.. aged 27 years
and 27 days. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
tTT" Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 1001 Diamond street, corner of
Twenty-fifth, thence to St. Paul's Church
for services at *:13 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
MCCARTHY"— At the residence of her parents,
1923 Sixteenth avenue south. July 13. 1900,
of scarlet fever, Mildred Mary McCarthy,
dearly beloved daughter of Andrew nnd Effle
McCarthy, and sfster of John McCarthy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 4
months.
McKERXAX— In this city, July 13, 1900. Wil-
liam McKernan. a native of Xew York, aged
4$ years.
O"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
Ptreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEAGHER— In this city. July 13, WOO, James
Meagher, husband of the late Annie Meagher.
and father of A. J. and the late James
Meagher, a native of Ireland.
ir^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sundsy). at 1 o'clock, trom the chapel of at.
Marys Hoppltal. corner Bryant and First
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN- In Menlo Park, July 12, 1900, Cecelia
I., beloved wife of Joseph M. O'Brien, and
daughter of Mrs. M. A. Walsh, a native of
San Francisco.
ICT The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from the Church of the Nativity.
Menlo Park, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 7:30 a'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 8:34 o'clock train from
Menlo Park, arriving at Holy Cross Cemetery
at 9:20 o'clock.
PETERSON— In this city, July 12, 1300, Caro-
lina Peterson, beloved mother of Albert. John,
Axel, Osrar. Gustav and Eric Peterson and
Mrs. E. Grinberg, a native of Sweden, aged
78 years.
(£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son, Albert Peterson. 64 Pierce Btreet.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POPE-In Oakland, July 12. ISCO.at 613 Ninth
street, Mary Pope, a resident' of Redwood
City. San Mateo County, a native of Ire-
land, aged 5S years.
QUINN— la this city, July 13, 1900, Katie, be-
loved daughter of John and Mary A. Quinn,
Fister of Maggie, Patrick. Mamie, John, Til-
lie and Henry Quinn, and niece of Patrick
Quinn and Mrs. Catherine O'Xeill. a native
of County Derry, Ireland, aged 19 years and
17 da;s. '
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 604 Second street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a'requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SCHULER— In Oakland, July 13, 1900. John
Fchuler. a native ot Germany. aj?ed S4 years
and 13 days. A member of Porter Lodge No.
272. I. O. O. F.
SMITH— In Oakland. July 12. 1900. at E6S
Twelfth street. Clara Belle Albro. wife o£
George E. Smith, formerly of Cleveland, Ohio,
and mother of Mrs. Arthur E. Hill.
WIXKLBR— In this city. July 13. 1900. George
Winkler. a native of Lohndorf. aged 54 years
10 months and 22 days. A member of and
past chief of Schiller Stamm No. 278. U. O.
R. M.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND UEAL 12 STATE.Sunday-Closing Movement.
At a meeting of the Retail Fruit Deal
ers' Association last Wednesday night It
was decided to enforce the Sunday dosing
law, commencing Sunday, July 15. This
law affects only those fruit dealers in the
Mission from Eleventh street toUhe hills
but the association hopes in a short time
to extend it all over the city.
Damages Awarded.
VALLEJO, July 13.— F. W. Plummer of
Vallejo received Judgment in the Supe
rior Court yesterday against the railroad
company for $6 05. He sued for $105 and
secured Judgment in Judge Browne's
court, from which the case was appealed.
Plummor, while on his wedding tour,
flagged a train at the Orphan's Home
crossing:, but it failed to stop and he and
bis wife were put to much inconvenience
thereby. He was allowed the amount of
his actual damages. v
Fifteen wounds on
his head and neck
F. W. Emmons Viciously Attacked
With a Broken Bottle by "John
Doe" McDonald.
F. TV. Emmons, who is engaged in the
transport service and lives with his wife
at 103 Van Ness avenue, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
for the arrest of "John Doe" McDonald on
a charge of assault to murder.
On the night of July 2 Emmons heard
some one at the door of his room, and dis
covered McDonald, who lived in the house
looking through the lteyhole. They had
some 1 , words, and McDonalu, who had a
bottle in his hand. struckiEmmons on the
head'wlth it, breaking the bottle. He con
tinued striking Emmons on the head and
neck with the Jagged edges of the broken
bottle, inflicting fifteen wounds. Emmons
has since been confined to bed, and yes
terday was the first day he was able to
leave the house. >
The Case Will Probably Be Trans
ferred to the United States
Circuit Court.
Attorney Bert Schlesinger appeared be
fore Superior Judge Murasky yesterday
and succeeded in having the $25,000 judg
ment secured by Thomas J. . O'Brien
against Superintendent of the Mint Leach
set aside, on the ground that the defend
ant had innocently neglected to make an
swer to the suit brought by O'Brien for
false imprisonment. The court had pre
viously ordered judgment by default en
tered because of the failure of defendant
to make answer. The court's order was
conditional upon the payment of $20 costs
by the defendant.
The legal tlrm of Denson & Schlesinger
has been retained by the Government to
represent Superintendent Leach in this
case. They are now preparing an appli
cation for the removal of the cause to the
United States Circuit Court, on the ground
that the act of Mr. Leach in causing the
arrest of O'Brien because he insisted in
making political speeches from the steps
of the Mint, contrary to the orders of the
superintendent, v.as by virtue of his posi
tion as a Federal officer, and that the only
proper court to try a Federal officer. on a
charge of that kind is a Federal court.
The defense will be that the steps of the
Mint are for business purposes, for the
Ingress and egress of people who have
business in the place, and are not to be
used for political purposes.
JUDGMENT AGAINST
LEACH IS SET ASIDE
Court Robin Hood Gives a Vaudeville
Entertainment in the Alcazar
Building.
Court Robin Hood of the Foresters of
America gave an entertainment to its
friends in the social hall of the Alcazar
building last night. The programme was
made up of the following numbers:
Introductory remarks, chairman of the even-
Ing, F. C. Hensley, P. G. C. R.: cakewalk. Ivan
Parker and A?hton Boardman: specialties.
Baby Shultz; cornet solo. Master Clemmona
Baler; vocal solo (selected), Robert Plunkett:
choice selection*. Golden Gate Quartet; comic
song. Mid. Thornhlll: ; sword dance. Miss
Georgle Bacon.
Then followed a programme of danc
ing. The function was undei the direc
tion of the following:
Reception committee — A. J. Ludwlg (chair
man). E. J. O'Reiley, Thomas Caine, J. C. Shil
ling. Charles Caine.
Committee of arrangements— F. A. Miller
(chairman). W. H. Murray. W. S. Lawson, D.
K. Cumberland, F. C. Hensley.
-Floor committee— F. A. Miller (floor man
ager), W. J. Jones. C. Michlche, J. A. McLeod.
W. H. Ramsar.
AMERICAN FORESTERS
ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
CHARLES MONTGOMERY
FILES HIS SCHEDULE
Owner of the Brooklyn Hotel Fails
for More Than One Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
The schedule of debts and assets of
Charles Montgomery r.f the Brooklyn Ho
tel, an involuntary bankrupt, was liled in
the United States District Court yester
day by G. H. Perry, representing the
creditors. The total liabilities are J12S,-
S7S 43 and there are no assets. The names
of the creditors for sums exceeding $1000
are: i
James Donnelly. Dllley, Texas, note,
$1250; J. R. Gates, San Francisco, assess
ment liability on twenty-one shares stock
People's Home Savings Bank. 51400; estate
Mark Strouse, $1719 70; George "S. Mont
gomery. San Francisco, note, $2*395 SO;
Ransford Taylor, Hydesville, Cal., 53300;
L. I>?rcari & Co.. San Francisco, $1114; J.
P. Cogswell. $3000; Albertira Hedman, San
Francisco, $1599 44; N. T. E. Larson, Pla
ccrville. $4500; Mansfield Lovell. San Fran
cisco, J»>i50; A. H. Rapp. San Francisco,
$11SO; Racine Wagon and Carriage Com
pany. tl&OO; estate of S. D. Ingram, de
ceased. $45S0; Dr. John Montgomery, San
Francisco, medical services, $2000; Wil
liam H. Jordan, San Francisco, legal ser
vices, $5000; Fuller & Johnson Manufactur
ing Company, Madison. Wis., $10,885: Wi
nona Wagon Company, Winona. Minn.,
J5704; Norwegian Plow Company, 94S71;
Advance Thresher Company. Battle Creek,
Mich., $12,954; Joan Hunter. San Francisco,
$42»1; Pacific Bank, San Francisco. $11,348;
John Currey. San Francisco, $i:tC4 so;
Charles Bone, San Francisco, $1743 70;
John H. Wise and Mrs. E. W. Coit, San
Francisco, $2700; John Matthewson, San
Francisoo. $2800; Charles Rlckoff, San
Francisco, S103S 54.
All the books of the debtor wore deliv
ered to a committee of creditors on- Feb
ruary 17. 1900. Nearly all his liabilities
are on notes and judgments.
Special Services at St. Francis.
The solemn vespers of the fr-ast of Our
Lady of Mount Carmel will be sung at
Bt. Francis Church to-morrow evening.
After the vespers the parishioners will
be invested with the scapular of the
blessed virgin. As the church in Alta
California was founded at Ban Diego on
the f^ast of Our Lady of Mount Carmel
331 years ago, the pastor. Rev. Father
Caraher. will preach upon the topic,
"From San D;e«ro to Sonoma."
BRIGADIER GENERAL, THOMAS
II. BARRY.
BRIGADIER GENERAL. THOMAS
H. BARRY arrived in this city yes
terday and is stopping at the Occi
' dental. He is on his way to Manila,
having been appointed chief of staff to
General MacArthur. General Barry has
seen considerable service and is well
known in this city, having served in the
First Infantry at the Presidio as captain,
and later as major in the adjutant gen
eral's department.
This will not be General Barry's first
service in the Philippines. He was adju
tant general on the staff of General Oti3
and sailed with *that commander for
Manila in June, 1S98. His return to the
land of the Filipino is rather sudden, as it
is only about two months since he came
home from the islands.
General Barry will sail on the transport
Sumner next Monday. The ship will also
carry four companies of the Fifteenth
United States Infantry, under command of
Colonel Moale. The troops are destined
for Chica, via Nagasaki.
Unknown Man Drowned Near the
Mission-Ltreet Wharf— Pulled
Out With a Boathook.
An unknown man was seen to fall into
the waters of the bay from Mission-street
pier 2 yesterday evening by E. Boelsems.
pipe inspector for the Spring Valley Water
Company. The inspector immediately put
out for the drowning man in a boat and
finally succeeded in catching him with a
boat hook before he sank for the last
time. Life was not extinct when he was
brought to the surface, but the man ex
pired an hour later at the Harbor Hospi
tal.
When the body was taken to the Morgue
there was nothing on it that would reveal
the identity of the unfortunate. The man
was apparently 70 years of age. had gray
mustache, hair and eyes, weighed 175
pounds, was five feet ten inches in height
and had false teeth. He was poorly
dressed in a dark overcoat and dark serge
pants and vest. A silver watch and 80
cents in coin were found in his pockets.
Whether the man committed suicide or
accidentally fell into the water Boelsems
is unable to say.
RESCUER WAS TOO
LATE TO SAVE HIM
Brigadier General Thomas
H. Barry Returning to
MacArthur's Staff
OFF TO THE WARS
IN THE FAR EAST
Gay Costumes, Music and Tea-Drink
ing Have Caught the Popular
Fancy.
The second day of the Russian tea fes
tival, held in the parlors of the Graeco-
Russian Church, under the auspices of
the ladies of the church, for the Indian
famine sufferers, was even more success
ful than the first. Hundreds of people,
attracted by the pretty tea girls in their
charmirg Eastern costumes and the mu
sic and mirth that pervaded the whole
place, gathered around the tables and
enjoyed the tea that had been carried
nearly around the world and was served
from massive samovars by charming
maids and matrons.
The scene at night was partlcularly
charming, the costumes of the ladies un
der the bright lights giving a kaleido
scopic effect as they glided in and out
among the assembled guests. Mrs. Met-
ropofcky and Mrs. Krasoff presided at the
samjjpnrs. The costumes of the tea girls
weijtawis follows: Mrs. O. C. Schroder,
KoujfiLnian- Miss Mary Dabovieh, Ser
vi.ubflQSiss G. Ayov, Syrian; Misses Nata
lietflB^ Alexandria Metropolsky, Russian;
MinHPl. Krasoff. North Russian i>ea-sant;
liis^^LJzzie KashevnikolT and Miss Val
entine Ligda. Russian; Miss George and
M£s Holtz, Roumanian.
The musical programme yesterday af
ternoon and last night was very enter
taining. George Leron and Mr. Warren
played the piano and violin, respectively;
the Misses Sophia and Lucy Czarnecke
rendered a charming vocal duet and Miss
Mary J'urin entertained at the piano in
the afternoon. Professor Moser's Zither
Club was an attraction in the evening.
Father Popoff made a hit by singing a
bass solo, and the Russian church choir
sang several national hymns and popular
Russian songs. Vocal solos were given
bv Miss Lottie Irving, Mrs. Irving and
Mrs. Whitney.
To-day will be the last day of the festi
val and' the ladies expect to have a big
crowd to take care of this afternoon.
There will be a special programme, full
of novelties for those who have not at
tended a Russian tea drinking. Every
body is invited to bo present.
RUSSIAN TEA FESTIVAL
ATTRACTING LARGE CROWD
Crusade Against Law-Breaking Deal
ers — Health Omcials Condemn
Government Supplies.
Health Inspectors Lahaney, Dunster,
Tracey, Robinson, Murphy, Slivers and
Williamson were stationed at three differ
ent points throughout the city eafly yes
terday morning and In a few hours four
hundred gallons of milk were taken from
passing: wagrons and poured down the
sewers at Eighteenth and Mission streets.
The milk was found to have been watered
not wisely but too well and consequent
ly It was condemned by the Inspectors as
unfit for human consumption. One of the
dealers whose milk was destroyed for not
coming up to standard quality was Joseph
Kennell, who threw up his. contract yes
terday for supplying milk to the City
and County Hospital. Dr. Sussdorf says
Kennell had not supplied any milk to the
hospital, so the patients have not suffered
from Impure milk. The operations of the
Health Officials were directed by Chief
Sanitary Inspector Chalmers and they
will be continued until the watering of
milk ceases.
Policeman Butterworth, detailed to the
Health Department, located a lot of Gov
ernment supplies which had been sold to
firms presumably for fertilizing purposes.
The stuff Included 94,475 pounds of beef in
barrels, 12,217 pounds of pork and 42,200
pounds of flour, and was stored in the
Government warehouse at 103 Market
street. The officials learned that a man
named Irkson had arranged to ship the
flour to Berkeley to have it manufac
tured into starch and it was detained
pending further investigation. According
to the health authorities the pork be
longed to Roth, Blum & Co. and the beef
to Captain A. Thompson. It will all be
coal oiled and sent to the fertilizing
works to-day.
MANY CANS OF IMPURE
MILK ARE CONDEMNED
Have Purchased $40,000 in Salary
Demands and Will Try to
Collect Them.
Treasurer Brooks has received informa
tion that the Bank of California and the
1'irst National Gold Bank are contem
plating the bringing of mandamus pro
ceedings to compel him to pay demands
out of the t:c.">,<XKj set aside for St. Mary's
Park. The two banks named have bought
up the salary demands of employes in the
Itoard of Public Works and the Police De
partment to the amount of J40.000. Brooks
fay? that if the writ of mandate is issued
from the Supreme Court he will comply
with its directions and pay the remaining
demands of $100,<xK), which have been held
u;> since July L
So confident wr-re the banks that the
fur.d laid aside for St. Mary's Park will
be ultimately decided to be a part of the
general fund and available to pay de
mands apainst that fund that they only
?xa<~ted 1 per cent discount on the first
$2^.000 worth of demands, though the dis
count has since been increased, to 1*4 per
cent.
"I am anxious to see the city's creditors
paid." said Mr. Brooks yesterday. "This
deficit has given mo a groat deal of worry.
because I have been misunderstood and
often misrepresented in the matter. I de-
Kire to eee that fund released, and will
certainly give precedence to a mandamus,
¦whirh I rather court in order to end this
trouble. I have held up the $125,l*«i pur-
Etiant to a notice served upon me that an
appeal from the latest decision of Judge
Hekbard would be taken to the Supreme
Court by the park promoters. I have no
Information that Fuch an appeal has been
perfected, and if ordered by the court to
pay out the money 1 will most certainly
<3o so."
BANKS WILL MANDAMUS
THE CITY TREASURER
WILLIAM HENRY WARE
IS SUED FOR DIVORCE
Two Aged Couples Have Trouble
Over Alimony — Ssveral New
Divorce Suits Filed.
William Henry Ware, a wealthy mer
chandise broker, was made the defendant
in an action for divorce yesterday by his
wife, Sarah K. Ware, who charges him
with infidelity. Mrs. AVare names Jo
sephine Smith, sometimes known as Nor
ton; as corespondent. Mrs. Ware claims
that her husband went on a camping trip
to Point Arena in July of 1S99 and at that
time met Miss Smith. She says she did
not secure proofs of her husband's asso
ciation with this woman until recently.
In addition to a decree of divorce Mrs.
Ware demands a division of the commu
nity property, which is worth a large sum
of money. .
Isaac Joseph, a tailor, appeared before
Judge Hebbard yesterday to show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt of court for having failed to obey
an order directing him to pay his wife,
Henrietta, $25 a month alimony pending
the conclusion of her action for divorce.
Joseph, who Is 64 years of age. married
his wife, who is a few years his junior, in
April of last year, live weeks after their
first meeting. Joseph said yesterday on
the stand that his silver haired bride had
taken all of his property, including his
diamond stud, since their marriage, and in
consequence he had no money with which
to obey the order of court.
Mrs. Joseph, made a vehement denial,
but the court avoided a controversy by
ordering a continuance until next Tues
day.
After thirty years of married Mfe, the
parents of eleven children, Jan. .3 Allen
and his wife. Elizabeth, appeared in Judge
liahrs" court yesterday to submit a dis
pute regarding unpaid alimony. Judge,
Bahrs concluded that the differences be
tween husband and wife were trivial and
he set about to effect a reconciliation. He
suggested to Mrs. Allen that she make up
her differences with her husband, and she
finally said: "All right. If he will make
up I'll shake." Allen was backward about
accepting his wife's offer for some time,
but finally when his attorney, Ben Hea
ley, said that if he would accept his wife's
offer he would remit his fee Allen capitu
lated and arm in arm with his wife left
the courtroom.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Al
vin Barrora apainst Lena Barrera for de
sertion. Ira De -Witt Clinton against
Grace Beebe Clinton for desertion. Abra
ham Lewkowitz against Cecelia Lewko
witz for cruelty. Rose T. Malgan against
Thomas W. Malgan for cruelty and James
L. H. Manning against Maud Layton Man
ning for cruelty. Mamie Lewis has sued
her husband, William S. Lewis, for main
tenance. I
son of a Kanaka girl and an American
laborer.
When the young wife discovered the
truth she left her husband, and with the
aid of the French Consul at Honolulu she
managed to escape and came to this city.
PRINCIPALS IN THE SHATTERED ROMANCE OF AN ITALIAN
PRINCESS' DAUGHTER AND A HAWAIIAN ADVENTURER.
' self the role of a modern Claude Melnotte.
He represented himseii as the son of King
r>avld Kalakaua I. declared he was the
legitimate heir to the Hawaiian throne
and dwelt with . noble eloquence on his
castles In the tropical islands, where one
day he hoped the poetess would rule with
him.
In due course of time, in the spring of
'S7, Wilcox and Miss Sobrero were married
and the "heir presumptive" to the Ha
waiian throne carried his bride with him
to his island home.
Once in the land where she hoped one
day to reign Mrs. Wilcox found herself
virtually a, prisoner: deprived of the so
ciety of her equals and excluded from
the presence of her inferiors. However,
she scon learned that the man she had
married was not of royal birth, but the
ROBERT WII.LJAM WILCOX, the
Hawaiian revolutionist, according
to a recent decree of the Supreme
Court in Turin, ItaJy. is no lonper
a benedict. That Wilcox Is the husband
of the Princess Kaohelelani, and the father
of her three children, did not seem to af
fect the Italian tribunal when it de
clared that the Hawaiian was a free and
eir.ple man and that his previous marriage
to Miss Gina Sobrcro was null and void.
This Is the first marriage to be annulled
In the courts of Italy since the famous
divorce of the great Garibaldi and Miss
Kaimondi early In the '7i"s. and It has
created no end of gossip In aristocratic
and military circles in which Mrs. Wil
cox la a shining llgbt
The wooir.g of the noble Italian maid
by the man from Honolulu and the subse
quent events which marked the early days
cf their union reads like a modernized
version of Claude Melnotte. All the facts
¦were brought out during the trial for di
vorce, much to the delight of the "high
life" of sunny Italy, which derives its
rarest pleasure by feeding its inflammable
Imagination on a diet of romance.
Kobert William Wilcox Lunama Kaaiu
eno as the Hawaiian revolutionist was
known in Italy, was *ent by the Hawaiian
Government to the land of the o^ive to
rtudv military tactics and with that end
in view was enrolled in the Royal Artil
lery School Of Turin. While attending
the artillery school Wilcox met the best
people, was receiv<xi in the most aristo
cratic houses in Italy, and was a welcome
guest at the home of one of his instruc
tors at the military institute, Baron
Scbrero. colonel in His Majesty's army.
Sobrero had a daughter, Gina. famed !
alike for her beauty and her v.-it. and in
the direction of the Italian belle Wilcox |
looked with greedy eyes. Miss Gina's j
position in Italian society was an exalted i
one. Her father wa< a Baron, her mother j
the Princess Oolonna de Stlgliano; while I
the young lady herself had more than
aristocratic birth to be proud of. She was
a recognized poete?s and novelist and had
g-ained fame under the nom de plume of
"Mawea."
It was whiie wooing the fair "Man
tra" that Wilccx began to create for him-
Is First Italian
Divorce Since
the Garibaldi
Separation.
Promised Lady a
Royal Crown in
Return for Her
Fair Hand.
ITALIAN WIFE OF WILCOX, HAWAIIAN
REVOLUTIONIST, SECURES A DIVORCE
Declared He Was
King 'David's
Son and Heir
- Presumptive.
Exciting Career
of the Man
Who Married a
Turin Novelist.
Mrs. Gina Wilcox is now in Rome, where
she is living with her mother, the Princess
Colonna de Stlgliano.
In spite of the Italian divorce and his
Hawaiian mate it would appear that Wil
cox still loves the wife he woed and won
under false pretenses. Two weeks ago the
Hawaiian revolutionist was in this city
and he called on his ex-wife's brother,
¦who lives with his family on Green street,
just above Stockton. The object of Wll
cox's visit was to beg a picture of his
Italian wife so that he might carry It back
with him to his island home.
During the Spanish-American war Wil
cox offered his services to President Mc-
Klnley, but no attention was paid to his
offer.
When peace was again restored in the
islands Wilcox returned to the land of his
birth and is now serving his adopted coun
try as a public oftic'al.
Since the day the poetess GIna deserted
him Wilcox has led a turbulent existence
and followed a picturesque career. He
was the head of the rebel party In the late
Hawaiian Insurrection. He/ was taken
prisoner, convicted of high treason and
sentenced to death. President Dole after
ward commuted the death penalty to a
fine of $10,000 and thirty-five years impris
onment. Wilcox made his escape and
sought refuge in this city.
During her stay here the petted daugh
ter of a Baron and a Princess managed
to gain a precarious existence by con
tributing to the local Italian papers. Her
countrymen,- however, soon came to her
assistance and made up a purse for her
so she might return to Italy.
On the 4th of April, 1S95. Mrs. Wilcox
landed in Turin and immediately brought
suit for the annulment of her marriage,
alleging that Wilcox had married her un
der false pretenses. After a contest of
nearly two years' duration the case was
decided against Mrs. Wilcox, the court de
claring the plaintiff had not produced suf
ficient evidence to make good her com
plaint.
Mrs. Wilcox then appealed her case to
the Supreme Court, and two days ago that
tribunal granted tne decree of annulment.
While the case was pending Wilcox once
again went through the marriage cere
mony, this time not posing as a Prince,
but taking a Princess for wife — Princess
Kaohelelani, a direct descendant of the
Kamehamehas.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900
14
Bank Stock Paper saves the slgrht. Mrsell-
Rolllns, 22 Clay, stationery manufacturers. •
Don't drink the first thing the bartender
offers. Call for Jesse Moore "AA" wh'fkey
and Insist on cettine It,
sale or
CHILDREN'S AND
INFANTS' WEAR.
CHILDREN'S CAMBRIC DRESSES,
skirt hemstitched, yoke neck and
sleeves, trimmed with embroidery and
insertion 4Oc
CHILDREN'S WHITE LAWN
DRESSES, Pkirt hemstitched, bre-
telleg, neck and sleeves trimmed with
embroidery or lace 74c
The clearing prices of better grades of Chil-
dren's Dresses are »Sc, !?I.-\'{. $1.4N, JJ1.HS.
$2.4*. up to $r».OO, every Imaginable hem-
stitching, tucking, dainty laces, embroidered
effects, etc., are included in the make-UD of
these dresses. A saving to you of one-third
during this sale.
INFANTS' CAMBRIC SLIPS, neck nnd
sleeves, neatly trimmed 25c
INFANTS' CAMBRIC SLIPS, skirt
hemstitched, lace or embroidered yoke,
neck and Fleevea trimmed 4Se
INDIA LINEN SLIPS, embroidered
yoke, iasela trimmed with* embroid-
ery or lace, neck and sleeves trimmed OSc
INDIA LINEN SLIPS, bretelles, neck
and sleeves trimmed with embroidery
or lace 74c
Prices of Slips made of better materials and
more expensive trimmings have been reduced
to 91.25. 91.-1JI. »H2.<H>, 92.40, up to $4.03.
The way we marked down prices on CHIL-
DREN'S and INFANTS' WEAR will Justify
laying in a supply for future as well as Imme-
diate use.
HEAD WEAR.
WHITE LAWN HATS, ruffle, neatly
trimmed 19c
EMBROIDERED TOKE BONNETS,
made of fine materials. 41c
INFANTS 1 AL.I, OVER EMBROID-
ERED CASHMERE CAPS l!>c
We are closing out all that's left In CRASH.
COVERT CLOTH, PIQUE SEPARATE
SKIKTS at biff reductions.
CHILDREN'S WHITE PIQUE CAPES,
tli ree ru files, each ru Me edged with
embroidery ..f 1.15
LADIES' WAIST SPECIALS.
LADIES' and MISSES' PERCALE
WAISTS, all sizes 25c
LADIES' WAISTS, neatly trimmed and
Inserted, made . of best white lawn
24 tucks front and hack........ 07c
LADIES' SAILOR BLOUSE SHIRT
WAISTS, with vest of white pique. ...fl.lfi
To-day we're offering some bi»? bargains at
our MUSLIN UNDERWEAR and WRAPPER
COUNTERS.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers of Children's and Ladles' Wear
Retailed , at Wholesale Prices.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of th»
Clcbe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
DR.MQNULTY.
rVItr.S WELL-ICNOWJi AND RELIABI.KOI.D
X. Specialist curr* Private. Xetvotw, and Ulootl Itt*.
ea.ies of JIl-b only. Book on rrivitte .Disease* a-ut
Weaknesses of -Men. free. Over-0 yr.i' ax perienre
Pntienucnrpd.il Home. Terms rensonnhie Hnur*0
to3<iaily:a30to8:30 ev'srs. Stviiinr*. intoli < nn»ul-
WUonfreei*nrt. sacredly conti.lentia). Call.oratKiress
P. ItOSCOK 3Ic.Vtl.TY. .11. l>.
2GJ5 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
Weekly Ci $1.00 DGrYesr
Hale'flL
Hale'*.
) SSStewart JJ^
Banjos j^^eo
\J!rB andGu^ ars
These instru-
ments, by rea-
son of their ex-
cellence in make and tone, are
to-day the foremost products
in their line in all America —
oi the world, for that matter.
Amateurs, professionals and
teachers use Stewart Banjos
r^nd Bauer Mandolins and Gui-
tars solely through the merits
of the instruments themselves.
Call or write for catalogue. ;
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Piano and Music House, cor.
Kearny and Sut- ; (t
tcr sts., S.F. ; cor.
13th and Broad- ><^y*^>
way, Oakland.
P : glancing backward but 1|
|| looking forward ' j|
lii The week ending to-day has here been a successful one
Eh in no uncertain way, the after inventory sales proving a OS
fyj source of much profit to our patrons and great satisfaction eft
I i to us in the knowledge that the new store — big and fine as it roj|
g |I -will be — will be none too large to meet the requirements of our m
B 1 increasing trade. The after inventory sale continues to-day, £p
I 1 and next week with increased vigor. j££
P| chNdren's garments ||
ff!n mothers can spend an hour thoughtfully looking through our ready- V?j
ena to-wear garments for the winsome little ones, and at this after lnven- lbs.
SgH tory sale make decided monpy-?avlng purchase;". r,£S
BSM children's reefer Jacketa, of cheviot, in brown, tan nnrl jrreen mix- t^o
Krai tures. round sailor collar trimmed with three rows of soutache braid, *g2
jfcjjg 2, 4 and 6 years; the present price Is one-fourth leas than former. jE|
jEfcn "children's reefer jackets. In red and blue, mmie of fine aldine Ran- ?•*
**£j nel, Bailor collar trimmed with two rows of white cord; each H 00 S
ggSf children's capes of aldine flannel, pome arv prettily trimmed pi
f;*3 with braid on hood, collar and around cape, others are made with \ a
KB circular flounce and trimmed with rows of silk conl on collar. i 5
B||! flounce .and around cape, each $2.00 •*-»'
II after inventory sale of belts 1
5$$ It is a bis: collection— in all more than 1000 piece*— there is not one &
Kg that has ever before been priced under 65c. -while there are many 2|
&j that were formerly marked Jl.CX they are plain and nickel studded Eg-
Ett In real seal, alligator and suede. In brown, tan. srreen, white, red ffi
Sa and black, and the "clean- up" after Inventory price is. each 33c ¦»
¦i&a pulley belts — only SO of them, but the short quantity will add ze«»t Sc
Kgg to your coming, they are either made of satin or proa grain ribbon S
|H and finished with a stylish bow, each 4Sc j|
B^ti^i ' / ' very best values we \$*.
$*£ j&gjiy have asked you to 14*
£§£; H.Vf* l{ i became interested in, 4.r£
H pretty einghams it
g§| You will have to be prompt to share in this opportunity, as the foi
B&S entire lot Is but 1200 yards, and good grtnsrhams at reduced rates £f£
Hg£ are a novelty In these days of climbing prices, these ginghams are Kg
gfg in those pretty blue and pink plaids and stripes that are so desirable £5,
ig| for children's wear, 27 Inches wide; the regular price Is 8 l-3c; while &
Ma they last you may pick out the prettiest In the lot. per yard 5 ! ;C *£?
II toilet necessaries /\0£i^ i§
jjki our price? are usually controlled by / /^^fs V;vjp^ j£vj
BBS the economy of big buying and big /$-$- f>-+iiA 5 S fe<
f§£8 selling, but the examples submitted to- y>^%5§$*O'i£Ilif w 0 G2
jjffjiq day are also ba.=etl upon the desire for s .'¦ ¦ AYftfr ~f!55?*>i SV
E£E a quick after-inventory "cloan-up." / ? J^J»'^J / t'^%^v\ ! :
gsg 1410 boxes borated talcum powder. / A* '?C&'\W!'--'a<J p':
KpH the best 10c kind: we make the prire / r*YvJfey V/ t t*--^*G/ e2
Gjw Just half. or. per box 5e /^sV.%»NS^cV/&—^^StV **"^
EH 275 horn combs, with fine or coar?e / -J&^-^jl "V?w/sS?<^ T-^nc* *"'
Era teeth; inventory disclosed an over- / >^^& yii^/fESwYft* - ££
CV? stock of those splendid 13c combs, and / \^/'$fi£S'i»— x/ > i\
fgij wereducpd them for a speedy "clf.in- -5§§§§S^§h£^ V7\S!«i'* \l~y&' ?<*
fejSJ violet and rose toilet soap, delicate! ! v *"^5 / !--.- F*~ :
SXJ perfumed. p>T cake 5c /aa 5t U\
E33 fino white castile soap, one-half '"^ r*
Egg pound bars, each 5c "* '
Great (jit Price S^e
China
Grockery
Gfasswaira
Silver Piafed Ware
20 P er ccnt - off Dinner Sets
20 per cent, off Jardinieres
20 P er cen *' °ff C!ock3
20 P sr cent - °H Glassware
20 P er cent - °H tamps
20 P er cet ft' °f* Knives, Forks, Spoons
Hl!{".i Grade Silver IMnteci Ware
30 Per cent, off all Odds and V.nis
Grey Enameled Ware, prices away down
! Table Glassware, prices away down
DLNiNER SETS
44 ple=e Dinner Set, S3.OO
60 piece Dinner Set. C4.4O
loo piece Dinner Set, $6 95
GLASS BERRY AND TABLE SETS
35. 4O. 45. 55, 7 5. 90 Cls. per Set
GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AND SPOON HOLDERS
S» to, in, in, 35 ctB. each
LEMONADE AND WATER SETS
45» 55. 63t 75» 90 Cts, per Set
co»n; just to srcE-:
Good Time and Place to ony
Great American Importins Tea Co.-
MONEY-SAVING STORES
21&-212 Grant Ave. (B«t. Butter and Post).
S61 Market St. (Opp- Powell).
?55 Hayes 'St. 21S Third St.
1419 Polk St. 521 Montgromery Ave
2;>16 Mission St. 705 I.arkin St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 1S19 Devlsadero St.
l£L Xlnth St " *"» HaiKht St.
200g Fillmore St. 32S3 ML-slon St.
52 Market St. 2732 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
iOW Washington St. 616 E. 12th St.
123i Broadway US5 23d Ave.
1310 Seventh St. . '. .1355 Park St..' Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monda*.
Who Is interested In raving MONET am LES.
SEEING the cost of LIVING? See us. "Write to
us. Give us a trial ordeV and be CONVINCED.
EASTE N SUGAR-CURED HAMS I?J]
Guaranteed extra choice. Regrular 15c
LEA & PEB.WS SAUCE 2Cc
Genuine imported Worcestershire.
Limit 2 bottles. Regular ZZc.
FINEST CREAMERY BU1TER, 3 VftST 35c
We handle the best creamery in the city.
Regrular 45c.
PETALUMA Strictly Fresh E66S, doz. Mil
Guaranteed. Regular 25c.
GHIRARDFLU'S Ground Chocolate, ££2Fc
Limit 2 cans. Regular 30c.
SNIDcR'S HME-MJCE CAFUP 2Cc
Cincinnati, Ohio. R«*jru!ar 23c.
HOOVER'S HEALTH CilCOA 25c
H-lb. cans. Extra bargain. Regular SOc.
DUFFTS PURE M*LT W.HSKY 75c
0RAN6E"MAFMAUD5. 3 cans 2 r c
A breakfast arpptl^er: extra fine; pt:rt»
and pood. Pa^kfd by Bishop & Co.. L09
Angeles. Regular Ltd can.
MACARONI, VennkeH. S'aiii-ttl. fcox 20:
White or Yellow. Regular 23c.
5W£Sr CAKZ3 Ti; 3*r. Gingsr, Lemon, Sie-
Nies. Coeo>not Taffy, 'b l?o
Regular Uc and 20c lb.
YOUUQ AM --RICA C. J E-i3E 503
Kxtra fine. Regular 73c each.
Send for Monthly Price Lint. Free.
Country Orders Promptly Attended to.
Freight paid by us when -within 100 miles.
1348-1354 iV..<irket Street.
Opp. 7th; phone S. 232. No Branch Stores.
1875+15=1900
MONDAY- - - July 16, 1900.
SOUVENIR
Edition In Magazine Form as Supplement to the
DAILY COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Over 100 Pages. Profusely Illustrated, together
with the regular Issue, all for U5c. celebrating
the twenty-fifth anniversary of the found;.-.,;
of the paper. Send In orders to
COMMERCIAL PUBLISHING CO.,
34 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
1875+25=1900