Kit', was"; rumored >that- 40,000;. Chinese
would make an attack at noon. The troops
'* Several thousand troops ,under ; General
Nleh^are holding: the native city five
miles south'of.Tientsln; ~
C. --ier.il Tuns: Fuh Siang. With n
Large Army, Marching Toward
ilie Capital.
(Copyright. 1900, by tho Associated Press.)
TIENTSIN; June 19 (via Chefu July 1
and Shanghai July I).— Those best In
formed in Tientsin consider the position
of tho foreigner* in Peking as almost
heiplerp. It Ifi hopeless to attempt to
force the way with the force available.
Commanders are willing to resort to des
j>^ratc means, but to attempt a forced
rnarch .from Tientsin with the forces at
¦hand means certain destruction to the
frrmy. besides the. slaughter of the civil
ians loft at Tientsin. Enough soldiers are
rs«*oe«-ary to defeat the Chinese army.
maintain communication with the base of
TROOPS INADEQUATE TO
FORCE THE WAY TO PEKING
Eunplies and guard the hospitals en route.
The water supply Is an important prob
lem in a country furnishing none except
river wells, which are being poisoned.
The Chinese are committing' terrible
atrocities upon the wounded. They are
mutilating all the dead which fall into
their hands. General Tung Fuh Slang,
with 10,000 of the best disciplined troops
In the Chinese army, Mohammedans. Is
marching from the southwest toward Pe
king. The army thereabouts numbers
oO.OOO. The Empress fled to her summer
palaco. The Mohammedans and Boxers
are fighting in Peking. Ten regiments of
General Nieh's command north of Tien
tsin arc reported to have deserted and
gone to pillaging the country. Residents
declare that a Chinese commune was in
augurated and the peaceful Chinese are
the greatest sufferers. The foreign \ sol
diers are burning the. outskirts of Peking
to deprive the enemy of shelter. ,The Box
ers are destroying outlying villages for
loot. The smoke of a hundred fires can
be seen In every direction.
Tientsin was not bombarded to-day, for
the first . time for a fortnight. Families
are returning to their homes for their pos
sessions. The women; and children will
be sent to Taku as soon as travel, Is safe.
No unfriendly Chinamen are visible In the
streels. A few of the richest, with, their
families, are huddled in the outhouses for
protection, badly ' frightened. OtherB,
concealed in various houses, shoot at the
Europeans on the streets. : The Chinese
dead about Tientsin number thousands.
Most of those who have been killed .; lie
unburied in the fields. The river to Taku
is full of floating bodies, and many have
been washed up by the tide. Dogs -are
feeding on these bodies along the banks.
The small American contingent " every
where? distinguished themselves." Captain
McCalla and Major, Waller are at Tien
tsin. Their men are; placed in the lead
of every movement by common consent^
LONDON, July 7, 2:40 a. m.— The Russian Government announces that it will sive Japan a free hand to apply mili
tary force in China. The terms of this consent are summarized in the subjoined dispatch from St. Petersburg,
unoVr date of July 6. In reply to an inquiry from the Japanese Cabinet regarding the dispatch of Japanese troops
to China to render aid to the foreigners in Peking. The Russian Government declared on .May 27 that It left the
Jnpanrsc Government full liberty of action in this connection, as the Toklo Cabinet expressed Its readiness to act
in full agreement with the other power?.
It is in consequence ot this, no doubt, that Japan is preparing to embark 20,000 more troops. Political considerations
•hat were thought to have been Influencing the action of the powers are thus laid aside for a moment, at least by the
Government * supposed to have the dearest purpose respecting China's future. Japan's sending of troops can have little
bearincon the Cate«t the forfisrners in Peking. .;- :- : -
Baron HayoshlJ the now Japanese Minister, who arrived in London on Friday, said that ten days would probably be
--«>qu!rr i d for tbe'caxryfns of troops to China. His dictated statements contained these, sentences:
"If all the conditions Japan has asked were conceded, I see no reason why Japan should not undertake the task
of Fuj>pros>;:r.;; the trouble. The powers are all agreed in wishing to put down the rebellion, but it does not seem that
ihcy or* 1 agreed on the moans."
From this authoritative utterance it is inferred that Japan does not name the conditions, and that the concert of the
powers is a Jittl* jangled. . _V_ ''
RUSSIA WILL GIVE JAPAN A FREE HAND.
The following Is a list of the foreign MlnJn
ters and attaches of the legations at Peking:
united: states.
EDWIN H. CONGER, Mtnister.
H. G. SQUIERS,' Secretary of Legation.
\V. E. BAIXBRIDGE, Second Secretary.
F. D. CHESHIRE, Interpreter. -
MRS. M. S. WOODWARD and MISS IONE
WOODWARD of Chieaeo . were guests of -Mr.
and Mrs. Conner. , . . - .
.. "GREAT BRITAIN.
SIR CLAUDE M; MACDON'ALD, Minister.
H. G. O. BAX IRONSIDE, First Secretary of
Legation. • .
H. G. N. DERING, Second Secretary. .
H. COCKBURN, Chinese Secretary.
CLIVE BIGHAM, Honorary Attache.
G F. BROWNE, Military Attache.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. DR. BUSHEL.
GERMANY.
BARON VON KETTELER. Minister.
DR. VON PRITTWITZ and DR. VON GAF
FRON, Secretaries of Legation.
BARON VON DER GOLTZ, Secretary and
Interpreter. . . . ' "
H. CORDES. Second Interpreter.
O. FELSEN'AU, Chancellor.
; RUSSIA.
M. DE GIERS. Minister. ', I
B. KROUPENSKI, First Secretary of Lega
tion.
B. EVREINOW. Second Secretary.
P. PONOW. First Interpreter.
N." KOLESSOW, Second Interpreter.
. ; FRANCE. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . .
8. PICHON, Minister.
— D'AUTHOUARD. First Secretary.
H. LEDUC. .First Interpreter.
VIDAL, Military Attache. .
¦ JAPAN. ¦
BARON NI8HII. Minister.
ISHII KIKOUJIRO, First Secretary.
. . ' >¦¦, ¦ . ¦..•" ....SPAIN. . ... ..'.¦
B.'J. DE COLOG AN, Minister. ' ; ,
* • ITALY. .
MARQUIS SAL V AGO RAGGI, Minister.
austro-hunoary:
baron czikann von wahlborn, min
ister. *<
DR. A. VON ROSTHORN, Secretary of Le
gation. ».,.,
;BELGIIjM.
BARON DE VINCK, Minister.
PORTUGAL.?
F. H. QALHARDO. Minister. *¦
FOREIGN GUARDS. '
Nationality— cers. Men.
American •• -7 n6
British • S. .72
German • ' *>
French 3 72 »
Russian ......' 4 ¦ . 71 ,
Italian 3 39
Austrian : • 2 30
Japanese 2 -24..
: Totals • .......26 899
European and American residents of Pe
king/about ............" •• : ...250
,; MISSIONARIES. :
. The following is the revised list of mission
aries of the American board in North China
at the beginning ' of the ( trouble, who V are
thought to have fled for. refuge to Peking:-.
. PEKING.
William S, Ament, D.D.; Rev. C. E. Ewing,
unconquerable jealousies of the European
powers stays the hand of Japan, though
it is hoped an understanding will soon be
reached.
The Foreign Office here has received of
ficial dispatches from Tofcio to-day, and
the Associated Press understands that th»
Japanese Government informed the For
eign Offier that In addition to troops al
ready landed In China. Japan has 23.000
troops mobilised and ready fur action at
a moment's notice when f=he ifttlM the
mandate of the powers. Great Britain ia
now awaiting answers from the chancel
leries to its proposals.
The British Cabinet hart a long meeting
this morning under the presidency of
Lord Salisbury and fully considered the
crisis.
ESCAPED GREAT PERIL.
PARIS. July 6.— The Foreign Office hero
received a telegram - to-day from M.
Francois, the French Consul General at
Yunan Sea. who left Tunan Sen with all
the foreigners, after being in a position
of great peril, announcJng his arrival at
the French outpost station within the
Tonquin frontier. All the party are safe
and well.
FOR A DIPLOMATIC BUREAU.
LONTDCOT, July 6.— In concctlon with the
Cabinet meeting a story is current that
several Foreign Office officials and other
Government representatives will start for
China via j Vancouver immediately, the
circumstances permitting. It Is prejumed
in some quarters- that they are Intended
to constitute a new diplomatic bureau
which will temporarily take the place ot
the Peking Legation.
PREPABE TO HEAR THE W0EST.
LONDON, July fi. — In response to in
quiries cabled to Shanghai In regard to
the situation at Peking the following
cablegram has been received from an au
thoritative quarter:
"SHANGHAI. Thursday, July 5.—Pre
pare to hear the worst."
Missionaries Still Safe.
NEW YORK. July 6.— Dr. Halsey of th«
Presbyterian Board received a telegram
from Chefu saying that Cortlandt Van
Renssalaer Hodges and fcfcj wife. Dr. G.
Taylor and the Rev. S. E. Slmcoxe anil
his wife are at Pao Tins Fu and have
not made their escape. The Rev. J. Low
rie has escaped from Pao Ting Fu and
is now at Tientsin, and the Rev. J. A.
Miller and Mrs. Miller have C3caped and
gone to Korea. The cablegram also Indi
cates that the Peking missionaries are
still at Peking. The final part of the
message Is Important in that it show j
that all the missionaries, some sixty tn
number. In tfce Shantung district, uo
sar*
Miss -Bessie G. Ewlng, Miss Ada Haven. Miss
Virginia C. Murdock. M. D. ; Miss Frances B.
Patterson. Miss Nellie M. Russell, Miss Eliza
beth II. Sheffield, Mrs. Man' L. Ma'teer.
TIENTSIN.
(Port of Peking, ?0 -Miles Southeast.)
Rev. James . H. Roberts, possibly. at Kalpan:
Mrs. Frances D. Wilder. Mrs. Mao* (Stanley)
Gammon (Mrs. Charles F.).
PANG CHUANG.
(220 Miles South ot Peking.)
Henry D. Porter, D.D.; Miss Mary II. Porter,
Kev._ Arthur H. Smith, Mrs. Emma D. Smith.
Miss Gertrude 'W'yckhoft, -Miss Grace Wyckhon".
. TUXG-CHO.
(12 Miles East of. Peking.)
Miss Mary E. Andrews, . Miss Abbie G. Cha
pin. Miss Jine B. Evans. Rev. Howard S. Gait.
Mrs. Louisa A. Gait, Rev. Chauneey Goodrich,
Mrs.' Sarah IV Goodrich, James H. Ingram, M.
.IX ; Mrs. Myrtle B. Ingram, Miss Luella Miner,
•Rev.- E. G. Tewk»bury. Mrs. Grace H. Tewks
bury. Rev. George D. "Wilder, Mrs. Gertrude
H. Wilder.
KALGAN.
. : .(125 Miles Northwest of Peking.)
- Rev. . William P. Sprazue. Mrs. Viette J.
Sprague, Rev. Mark Williams, Miss Engh.
PAO -TIN'G-FU.
(1C0 Miles Southwest of Peking.)
Rev. G. H. .Ewlne, Mrs. Sarah II. Ewtng,
Miss. Annie A. Gould, Miss Mary S. Morrill,
Rev. Horace T. Pitkin.
LIN CHING.
(270 Miles South of Peking.)
- Rev. F. M. Chapln, ¦ Mrs. Flora M. ' Chapln,
Rev. H. P. Perkins, Mrs. Estella L. Perkins.
Other American missionaries who were sta
tioned at Peking:
"" Presbyterian— Rev. John Wherry, D.D.: Rev.
J. L. Whltlns, Rev. C. H. Fenn, Mrs. C. H.
Fenn, Rev. Charles A. Killie. Mrs. Charles A.
Killle. r>r. John M. Inglls, Mrs. John M. Inglls.
Miss Eliza E. Leonard. M. D. ; Miss 'Grace
Newton, Miss Bessie McCoy and Miss Jennie
McKHlan. f . /
Methodist— Rev. F. D. Gamewell. Rev. H. E.
Klng,> Dr. George D. N. Lowry, Miss Alice Ter
rell, Mrs. C. M. Jewell, Miss Anna D. Gloss, '
M. D. ; Miss Effle G. Youny and Miss Ger
trude Gilman.
, ¦ AMERICAN CONSULS IN CHINA.
..The list- of American Consuls in China is as |
follows: . . .
Amoy— Anson B. Johnson, Consul; Carl John
son, Vice Consul and Marshal.
Canton— Robert McWade, Consul: Hubbard T.
Smith, ( Vlce Consul and Consular Clerk; Frank
R. Mowrer, Marshal. •,
Chefu — John Fowler, Consul; Henry Acmery.
*Vice and Deputy Consul.
..Chlnkiang— William Martin; Consul; George
E. . Eevey, Marshal.
Chunking— Henry Miller, Consul; Spencer
Lewis, vVice Consul.
Fuchau— Samuel L. ¦ Gracey. Consul; Wilbur
T. Gracey, Vice i Consul and Marshal.
Hankow— Levl S. Wilcox, Consul; Frank B.
Crown, Vice Consul and Marshal.
Hongkong — R. WHdman, Consul; General W.
F. Aldrich, Vice and Deputy Consular Clerk.
- Newchwang— John Goodnow, Consul General;
Arthur H. White. Deputy Consul. General;
George A. Derby, Marshal.
Tientsin— James W. Ragsdale, Consul; Sylves
ter G. Hill. Vice Consul; Bertrand Ragsdale.
Marshal. ¦ . . .
HEARTRENDING APPEALS i
COME FOR INFORMATION
were under, arms, but the Chinese failed
to materialize.
LONDON, July 6.— The danger of a gen
eral revolt, in China becomes more and
more patent and Europe , Is being con
fronted with a rapidly Increasing force,
not merely that the international column
will be forced from Tientsin but that the
International forces of colonies and treaty
ports will stajid In grave danger of expul
sion. In view of the fact that- the pre
vious assurances of • [ the Viceroys h#ve
proved ' untrustworthy, , their . promises of
protection for; the whites are hardly con
ylriclnsv; In the -meanwhile the hitherto
EMPEROR TO PRESIDENT.
CANTON, Ohio. July 6.— The following
cablegram was received by President Mc-
Kinlcy Friday:
"RENDEZBURG. July 6.— The President
of the United States, William McKinley:
For your Excellency's warm words of
condolence in -the murder of my repre
sentatives In Peking I express my most
sincere thanks. I recognize therein the
common Impulse of the interests which
bind the civilized nations together. .
"WILLIAM, iimperor."
JAPAN HAS AN ARMY
READY TO MOVE
BERLIN. July 6.— Emperor William has
telegraphed to the commander oi the
German squadron in Chinese waters, to
the Governor General of Shantung, to
the Viceroys and to others, offering a
thousand tael3 to any one accomplishing
the deliverance of any foreigner of any
nationality whatever ' now shut up In
Peking who is handed over to any Ger
man magistrate, 'ami offering to pay the
expenses of the publication of this offer In
Peking.
"WTLI-IAM OFFERS REWARD.
WASHINGTON. July S.-The State De
partment is waiting with aim' at an agony
of expectation for n?n-s from Peking, 'out
none comes. Heartrending appeals are be
ing received from the relatives and friends
of the persons supposed to have been_ In
the United States legation at Pekfns:.
praytngr for some Information as to the
fate of their people, but the department
Is unable to give them any satisfactipn.
Secretary Root was In conference with
Secretary Hay this morning and it was
admitted that, although no more troops
have been ordeied directly to China, yet
great activity has been decided upon In
the matter of dispatching additional
troops from, this country to Nagasaki,
where they will be in readiness for either
Chinese or Philippine service
List of Diplomats in Peking Who
Reported Massacred, and Consuls, Guards
and Missionaries in the Danger Zone.
FO RE IGN ERS WHO HAV E
PROBABLY BEEN SLAIN
der restraint.
The Chefu correspondent of the Express, telegraphing on Thursday, says there is no
longer any doubt that disaster has overtaken the Russian force of 3000 that left Tientsin for
Peking June 11. The Russians had a full field gun complement and carried their own trans
ports.
As nothing has been heard from them for twenty-four days "it is assumed t that they ; have
been overwhelmed. Trustworthy news is received to the effect that all the country to the north
cact of, Peking is covered with the corpses of men and horses of the western garrisons. Fight
ing of a desperate character took place in the immediate neighborhood of Tientsin on June 30.
Taku dispatches say an attack in great force is expected at any moment. The Chinese
commanders are awaiting the arrival of more guns and reinforcements before making an effort to
retake the city.
A dispatch from Shanghai to the Daily Telegraph, dated July 5, says the losses of the allies
une 29 totaled 600.
According to the Daily Telegraph's correspondent, in a dispatch dated Thursday, United
States Consul McWade has great influence with Li Hung Chang, and has persuaded him to issue
a proclamation containing detailed instructions to prefects, sub-prefects and magistrates. It or
ders them to detect, behead and otherwise severely punish Boxers. These officials, the proclama
tion says, will be held responsible for the safety of the missionaries and native Christians. The
Governors of two Quoungs join in the proclamation.
Another proclamation issued by Li Hung Chang directs that persons starting an uprising
shall be at once beheaded, and that those spreading false rumors shall be severely punished. This
latter phase, in a Chinese sense, means slow strangulation by means of a wooden collar. Whole
sale executions are expected to follow these proclamations. Official dispatches from Port Ar
thur to the Russian Government, bearing date of July 2, show that the country to rthe northward
is in a state of disturbance and that bands are destroying property. Six pirate ships "have been
captured by Russian naval vessels at the island of Elliong.
The Hamburg-American Steamship Company has placed at the disposal of Emperor Wil
liam their steamer Savonia, due at Hongkong to-day (Saturday), for use as a hospital ship for
China. The Emperor has accepted the offer with warm expressions of thanks.
A missionary who has returned to Berlin says that while in China he learned that hun
dreds of Mauser rifle? had been brought in in coffins supposed to contain the bodies of Chinese
who had died abroad.
A special dispatch from Shanghai, dated Friday, says the situation is becoming extremely
critical owing to lack of sufficient supplies, but only as a last resort will the town be evacuated in
favor of concentration of forces at Taku.
S0L.DIERS OF THE IMPERIAL CHINESE ARMY IN SUMMER UNI
FORMS.
From Collier's AVeekly.
LONDON. July 7, 3 a. m.— Details of further horrors in Peking gathered by corespond
ents at Shanghai from Chinese sources, especially of the slaughter in the Chinese and Tartar
city of thousands of native Christians, say that the capital reeks with carnage. The ruthless
thirst for blood is spreading in all of the northern provinces; and Av*herever there are native Chris
tians the scenes enacted in the capital are reproduced in miniature. From these provinces nothing
further comes regarding the legation forces-, except a repetition that they are all dead. The cor
respondents aver that if the Chinese officials in Shanghai wished to throw light on the real state
of affairs in the capital they could do so r and. therefore, the worst reports are accepted as true.
Prince Tuan's coup d'etat is described by the Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Mail
as a sequence to the grand council of Ministers, at which Yung Lu advocated the suppression
of the Boxers promptly. The Dowager Empress gave her whole support to Yung Lu, and a
scene of disorder ensued. Prince Tuan passionately intervened, backed by Kang Yih. They
rushed from the council and their partisans raised the cry "Down with the foreigners/' The effect
was electrical. The eunuichs, palace officials 'of all sorts and most of the populace took up th
cause of Prince Tuan, and his agents immediately put the Emperor and the Dowager Empress un-
Ruthless Thirst for Blood Is Spreading in All
Northern Provinces — Disaster Believed to
Have Overtaken the Russian Force of 3OOO
That Left Tientsin June 11 — Desperate
Fighting in Progress.
Details of Further Horror From
Mongol Sources State That in
Addition to Foreigners Thou
sands of Natives Have Been
Put to Death in Peking.
Special Cable . to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, jy the Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, July 7.— The Dailly Telegraph publishes this dispatch from
its special correspondent: N
6ANTON, July 5 (via Hongkong, July 6-7)— Intense excitement
has been caused here by a dispatch from Sip Robert H'irt to the effect
that the British Legation fs in fames in Peking. Fears are entertained
that the foreign ministers have been massacred.
The entire French colony has fled irom Tun£ Chow The mission
station there has been converted into a little fort. The Bo£ue forts on
Canton River have been reinforced by oOOO viceregal soldiers. Viceroy
Li Hung Chang issued a proclamation this morning which r^«ds: **By
imperial, orders people and property are to be protected. Troubles be
tween-natives and native converts are to be prevented. Starters of any
uprising are to be at once beheaded. Those spreading fa se rumors will
be arrested and severely punished."
"Severely punished" means slow strangulation by the cangue.
Wholesale execution of Boxers, pirates and other criminals will surely
follow that proclamation.
FEARFUL SLAUGHTER OF CHRISTIANS IN
THE CHINESE CAPITAL.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. .37.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
with* the British close beside them. The
foreigners In Tientsin 'declare they ¦ owe
their lives to the Russians, without whom
the. other small ; detachments must' have
been'; overwhelmed. '¦ On the darkest 'day,'
Wednesday.week. when the ChlneseTwere
pressing ; on. every} side and the v , bra vest
men were, abandoning hope, the Russian
commander,'. Colonel ; Wosacki ¦; arranged
that the main body.of the troops .' should
make '. a sortie; with j the , civilians , in ? the
dlrection^of ,Taku,i leaving 400 r Russians ;to
defend' the city.* engage -the Chinese and
ultimately sacrifice ¦, themselves. \ '-The ; ar-
rival of the Americans saved the day
and proved a surprise. Among the mili
tary; evidences of the immense 'Chinese
preparations for^war it may be mentioned
that arsenals and stores hitherto unknown
have been discovered. About ten million
dollars' worth of arms and ammunition,
mostly, modern, , Has . been destroyed *' In
three arsenals outside of Tientsin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
CHINESE MOB, INSTIGATED BY BOXERS. THREATENING FOR
EIGNERS AND CHINESE CONVERTS NEAR PEKING. .
From Leslie's Weekly.Careers of
the
Nominees.
in the full strength of his manhood and able
to canva.'s every State in this Union.
Gentlemen of the convention, Illinois makes
no' exaggeration when ehe tells you that in
that great State the conditions are far better,
the prospectB are much brighter for Democracy
than in 1S02, whon our candidate for Vice
President carried it by 30,000 majority. (Ap
plause.) ,
We h»ve a. State ticket stronger than we ever
had before. We have but one Democracy in
Illinois. We voice the sincere sentiment of the
Democracy in Illinois, from one end of that
State to the other, when we ask you to nom
inate the man whose name we shall present —
a man who nan been tried and found true to
the contest, with no weak spots In his armor,
a man whose character and ability recom
mend him to the people in .every part of this
republic; a man who possesses all the noble
attributes of a noble man, great enough and
good enough to be President of the United
States with a platform that reads like a Bi
ble, ond with these two faithful Democrats
standing together, shoulder to shoulder, we can
sweep criminal aggression and McKinley hy
pocrisy off the face of the earth.
Gentlemen of the convention, we now present
to you as the choice of the united Democracy
of our State that dlEtingulshed statesman, that
splendid, vigorous, reliable Democrat, ex-
Vice President Adlai E. Stevenson, of Illinois.
(Great and continued applause.) : .
Mr. Williams spoke rapidly and briefly,
and at his mention of Adlai Stevenon,
Illinois was on its feet cheering wildly.
Kansas was up. as was Alabama. Arkan
sas, Mississippi and a large number of
delegates In different parts of, the hall.
The applause, while vigorous, was short,
not lasting above a minute.
Towns's Name Presented.
When the. roll call reached Connecticut,
that State gave way to Minnesota amid
cheers and cries of "Towne." A. A.\Roes
sing of .Minnesota then took the platform
to present the name of Charles A. Town*
of his State. ¦ , .
Mr. Roepsing is a tall man, with a voice
befitting his stalwart frame. He could be
heard in every direction. His .first- ap
plause was gained when lie spoke of- Mr.
Towne as a man who embodied the best
characteristics of American manhood.
When he pronounced the name of Towne
there was cheering from the Minnesota
delegation, which arose to Its feet," wav
ing flags in frantic fashion. -The galleries
Joined in the applause, but there was less
enthusiasm among the men upon the floor
who had the votes. A stout woman
climbed upon a chair waving a picture of
Bryan and Towne with her left hand,
while with her right' she waved a. hand
kerchief vigorously. Congressman Shaf
roth of Colorado, a zealous supporter of
the candidacy of Mr. Towne, climbed into
the gallery in an effort to get- the wo
man forward to the platform, but she de
clined to come.
j By degrees the enthusiasm spread
throughout the delegations and in a short
time men were up in the States of .Wyom
ing. Montana and South Dakota, but their
number was less than, that which, had
arisen to the name of Stevenson. :
Urged Hill to Accept
While- tho galleries were enthusing over
Towne, there was an excited little group
about the chair of Hill. In it was Cro
ker. "-¦¦"¦ • ¦ - ¦¦¦'¦ ¦•: ¦¦ - ..
"You must take the nomination . and
save the day," said Edward , Murphy . ex
citedly. ¦••-. atSJMtecai
might decline, but "declines don't go," he
shouted. "New York's united and solid
seventy-two votes will be cast to the end
for David Bennett Hill." He continued:
The representatives of the Democratic party
of New York State recognize their responsibility
to the Democracy of the nation and believe they
appreciate the expectation of the Democracy
of the Union in the presentation of this hon
ored name. There is no State in the Union
with eo much to gain through Democratic suc
cess and 80 much to lose through Republican
triumph as the State of New York. We are
to elect this year not only the entire State
ticket, from Governor to State Engineer, not
only, as in every other State of the Union, every
member of Congress, but every member of our
State Senate and every member of the Assem
bly. Desirous of strengthening our hands at
home, we desire more to strengthen the na
tional ticket. And we stand here, seventy-two
as one, to pledge you the electoral vote of the
State of New York If David Bennett Hill shall
be the nominee of this convention for Vice
President. (Applause.)
This Is no idle sentiment. We believe that
David B. Hill, by the side of William J. Bryan
and standing upon the platform framed by this
convention, Is by thousands upon thousands of
votes the strongest man that can be named to
the Democracy of New York, New Jersey anil
Connecticut. He Is. not. nor has he been In
any senne a candidate for this nomination. He
has suggested any and every means which he
thought might bring about harmonious action
on the part of the delegation from the State of
New York and secure the electoral vote of that
State for our nominees. He may be pre
pared to decline the nomination which the dele
gates have_j>fTered to him ami now oresent to
this convention. cCrles of "No, no.") •
Hill Declines the Honor.
Vv'e say to you, decline or not decline, from
the first to the last ballot in this convention
New York's ' seventy-two united, true-blue
Democratic votes will be cast for David B.
HUL '(Long continued applause and cheering.)
While Senator Hill, on the platform,
waited for quiet and for Senator Grady
to finish his speech he kept repeating "I
wlli -sot. take it." To Senator Grady he
said:
"This is absolutely unfair. You must
not do It." '
Judge Van Wyck kept urging him to
accept and not make a declination. Hill
was obduratr. His face was like marble,
his hand trembled and. he wiped the per
spiration from ; his brow.
• While Grady ' was speaking Hill asked
to see Senator Jones, and, when the chair
man of the national committee came, the
ex-Governor said to him: >
"Jones, stop this thing. It is not wise.
It should not be forced upon me. Help
me stop it."
Chairman Jones said: "I will help you.
Go on and decline and I'll help you out.
I will see the delegation leaders. You are
right. 'Go 'on and make your, speech."
Then Senator Hill advanced to the plat
form. He stood with head bowed a few
minutes, expressive of gratitude for the
cheers that rolled in heavy volume to
ward him from every part of the hall,
and when finally there was a chance of hia
voice being heard he said:
Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: (Great applause.) "While. I greatly, appr
clate ; the action • of _ the delegation from New-
York, ft Is proper for me to say that It Is with
out my approval. ¦> (Cries of ¦ "Xo, no.") I ap
preciate also the manifestations of friendliness
on the part of the delegates from ether States,
but I feel It IS. my : duty.', to ¦ rise here and now
to i say - to you that : for : personal - reasons — and
good and valid reasons— I cannot accept this
"I cannot, I cannot," replied Hill, his
face white and set; "I do not want it.
"You must take it." said Croker, lean
ins over him, while Norman E. Mack and
Frank Campbell held Hill, one on each
side, and urged him to accept. An ex
cited man from New Jersey, ahaking his
lingers under Mr. Hill's nose, shouted:
"l'ou can't refuse, you can't. The party
must have you to save the Kast."
"I don't want it. You can nominate
Stevenson. He's as good as I am, said
Hill, and turning to Murphy. and Croker,
and gripping his hands, he said: "Please
don't force this, 'please don't."
Mr. Murphy, then gave an indication or
a prearranged scheme to nominate Hill by
saying to the excited New Jersey man :
"You keep quiet. It will be all right.
We have It fixed." ¦ ; ¦¦"¦¦ '¦ '•'-" *
. Meanwhilo the confusion continued to pe
so great in the hall that even after Chair
man Richardson had recognized Governor
Thomas of Colorado, to second the nomi
nation of Mr. Towne, not a word of his
speech could be heard by either the dele
gates or the people in the galleries.
Finally, after Governor Thomas had been
speaking for a minute or more, former
Senator White went to the platform and
in a ringing voice warned the convention
that if order were not restored, he would
move that the galleries be cleared.-
When the State of Delaware was called,
the announcement was made that tne
State would yield to New York. Then the
result^ or the Hill conference was appar
ent. A tremendous shout of applause
swept through the hall. Delegate Grady.
one of the leaders of Tammany Hall, had
already ascended the platform, and as
he stepped to the front to address the
convention the applause and cheering in
creased.
Grady Nominates Hill.
His first sentence rang . through the
great convention in trumpet tones:
"On behnlf of the Democracy ¦ of. New
York I present to this convention for the
nomination of Tlce President the name
of David Bennett Hill." . ~v.
It was dramatic in the extreme. The
effect was electrical. His words set the
convention in a frenzy of enthusiasm. The
scone which followed was by far^the most
tempestuous of the session and tne name
of Hill echoed find re-echoed through the
hall. State . standards were seized and
helds aloft and the convention, hall was
filled' with fluttering flags. Delegates and
spectators cheered and the great struc
ture fairly shook with the noise when the
galleries became Infected with the en
thusiasm. , ,: , '
Governor Hill meantime had worked
his- way through the surging multitude
to. the platform. As he ascended it his
hands were eagerly, grasped and he -was
escorted to the seat' of the .^permanent
chairman.. He asked Mr. Grady to yield
that he might make a statement, but Mr.
Gmdy , declined. . .'
> Mayor Van Wyck"of the New York dele
gation hurried to ex-Governor Hill and be.
gan an ¦ earnest conversation : with: him,
urging him not to decline the nomination,
which . evidently seemed to be within v his
grasp. -Hilt only shook his head.
It was a pretty even a dramatic scene
play. All tne while the convention : was
pulsating with- enthusiasm' and « cheers. ,
--.When finally ' Mr. Grady ¦ was permitted
to proceed, he said that ex-Governor Hill
First . Gained Promi
nence as an Opponent
of High Tariff.
WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN, the Democratic
candidate for President of the United . States, '
id probably known to more people and over a'
wider area, than any other man In the country,
though ten years ago he was a comparative stranger out-
Aide of Nebraska.
He was born of Virginia stock at Salem, Marlon Coun
ty, Illinois, on March 19, 1860, where his father had for
many years been engaged in the practice of law. He en
tered Illinois College at the age of seventeen, where he
took high standing in his classes. On his graduation, in
1881. he delivered the valedictory of his class. He then
studied law at Union College, Chicago, and in the office
of Lyman Trumbull, and on admission to the bar began
practice at Jacksonville, Illinois. There a year later he
married Mary K. Balrd of Perry County. In 1887 they
removed to Lincoln, Nebraska, where his wife also was
admitted to the bar, and gave him efficient aid in the
practice of his profession.
Mr. Bryan made his first reputation as a political or
ator In the campaign of 18S8. and became widely known
as an advocate of a "tariff for revenue only." In 1890
h«; was elected to Congress on a platform written by'him
self. In the House he attracted national attention by
his speech in the debate on the "Wilson Bill." lie was
re-elected In 1S92, but declined a third nomination In 18D4
to run for the United States Senate, but failed of election.
In 1P96 Mr. Bryan was a delegate from Nebraska to
the National Democratic Convention at Chicago, where '
a timely and brilliant speech on the free silver question
caused his nomination for President. His subsequent
canvass of the country and his defeat by Mr. McKinley
are well known to the public.
Served Wltlhi Distlmction
in the Cabinet amid as
Vice President.
e fn? DLAT BW'ING STEVENSON was born in Chris- C
//,\\ tinn County, Kentucky, , on October 23, 1833. After >
'/ r ~~V > ' graduating at Centre College, Danville, Kentucky. \
- he removed with his father to Bloomlngton, Illi- ¦¥
nols, where he studied law and was admitted to the bar. /
In 1S59 he settled at Metamora, where he practiced his *
profession for the next ten years, during which time he .
was Master in Chancery for four years, and District At- V
torney for a like period. . In 1S64 he entered national pol- ¦>
itlcs as Presidential Elector on the McClellan ticket, and /
canvassed the entire State, speaking In every county. Y
In 186!* he returned to Bloomington and formed a law 7
partnership with General J..-S. Ewing, which still exists. (-
In 1S74 he was nominated by the Democrats for Congress, +
and was elected by 1200 majority over a strong opponent, ?
though the district had a normal Republican majority of V
3000. He was beaten for re-election, but in 1878 was again 7
elected by 2000 majority. V
Mr. Sievenson was a delegate to the/National Demo- -i
cratlc Convention of 1S84, and after the election of Mr. )
Cleveland was appointed First Assistant Postmaster Gen- V
eral. During his incumbency he had charge of all ap- "J
polntments, and ably seconded the President in his civil (,
service reforms, never dismissing a faithful employe for 4
political reasons. )
In '1802 he attended the National Democratic Conven- V
tlon as delegate-at-large from Illinois, when he was named "?
for Vice President on the ticket with Mr. Cleveland. He
was elected, and served through the term. . • 4
Mr. Stevenson married in December. 18C6, a daughter of >
Dr. Lewis W. Green, president of Centre College. Ken- V
tucky. They have one son and three daughters, all of i
whom are living. , ...V.. v . C
STEVENSON.
Some Scenes at Kansas City Not Mentioned m the Dispatches.
HOW STEVENSON
' CARRIED THE DAY
the Closing Hours of the
Convention/
Scenes of Wild Disorder Mark
KANSAS CITY. July 6.— The final day's
Democratic convention broke clear and
hot. The sun blazed pitilessly down
through the same brilliant sky that has
marked every day of cenvention week ard
the cloudlces blue gave no promise of re
lief from the intense heat. But the grate
ful wind which has saved the week from
being intolerable did not forsake the
swslterlng crowds to-day. It blew steadily
from the southwest— hot it is true, from
its passage over the plains, but neverthe
less a wind. It swept in through the
great windows at the south end of the
hall, fluttered the bunting and flags and
fanned the vast crowd!
An hour before the convention hall was
opened dense crowds were packed around
the various entrances and hundreds more
were coming on every thoroughfare that
afforded access to the . building. About
thirty minutes after the doors were
opened the galleries were all occupied and
still the crowds around the entrance and
in the streets had suffered no diminution.
Yesterday the hall was so densely
packed that it was at times impossible to
move around upon the floor; one-fourth
of the delegates were unable to see the
chairman and three-fourths of them could
hear nothing uttered from the platform.
The aisles were choked up to a degree
that was dangerous and passage through
them was at ail times diflicult and late in
the evening it was impossible. Both the
police and sergeant at arms started in
with great vigor to-day to prevent a repe
tition of the disagreeable features of yes
terday's session and for a considerable
time met success, but they were gradual
ly overwhelmed and made comparatively
helpless by the heavy crowds that were
allowed to pass by the gatekeepers.
The crowd waa not as boisterous as last
night, the great features— the reading of
the platform and the nomination of a can
didate for President— being over.
Sulzer was the flr*t Vice Presidential
candidate to appear in the hall, and his
appearance seemed to excite very little
interest. He came down the aisles from
the delegates' door, coat thrown open, hat
jammed hard down on the back of his
head, his tall form towering over a
smaller delegate at his side, across whose
shoulders his arm was caressingly thrown
and into whose ear he talked with great
energy.
White Quells the Disorder.
At 10:40 a. m. Chairman Richardson ad
vanced to the front of the platform, a
great bouquet of sweet peas in his but
tonhole, and. with a sweep of his gavel,
cut off the strains of tne band, slowly
stilled the confusion and brought the con
vention to order for its third day's work.
But it wae some minutes before there was
enough quiet for the opening invocation,
and then the great audience arose while
the Rev. Rabbi Harry H. Mayer of Kan
sas City delivered a prayer, breathing the
etrnee of the itsponslbility resting upon
the convention.
Immediately following tho prayer the
call of the States began for the purpose of
making nominations for the Vice Presi
dency. Great confusion prevailed and very
few of the delegates were aware of what
was going on until Alabama and Arkansas
had been passed and California had been
called. Then the doughty form and florid
voice of Senator White emerged from the
Californians and in stentorian tones he
demanded to know what was going on and
that the aisles be cleared of the disorder
ly Intruders. When the chairman re
sponded that California was being called
for nominations. Senator White an
nounced that California yielded to Arkan
sas. "Arkansas yields to Illinois to place
in nomination Adlai E. Stevenson of Illi
nois.*' shouted Jefferson Davis, Demo
cratic candidate for Governor of Arkan
sas, standing on a chair, and raising a
cheer by his mention of Stevenson.
• Now all business was suspended, as the
confusion had become so overpowering
that the call of the secretaries was in
audible above the roar. The police and
sergeants at arms struggled vainly to
suppress the mob which was well nigh in
possession of the floor. Men fought to re
tain their places and there were exciting
encounters which threatened to precipi
tate a tight under the eyes of the multi
tude.
Illinois Nominates Stevenson.
It took several minutes to restore some
semblance of order, and then the spokes
man for Illinois, Representative James
R. Williams, presented the name of Stev
enson.. He *said: . •
¦ Oentlemen of the Convention: Illinois Is
grateful to Arkansas for this evidence of her
regard. The united Democracy of Illinois de
sired to present to this convention for the
next Vice President of the United States, a
Democrat (cheers). One who <3r*w his first
hreath from the pure Democratic atmosphere
of old Kentucky (cheers). One baptized in th«
great and Blowing Democracy of Illinois; one
who has stood squarely on every Democratic
platform since he became a voter; one who has
twi<-e represented in Congress a. district over
whelmlnrly Republican; one who Is . not a
rough rider but a swift rider (cheers); not o
warrior, but a statesman. A man who stands
for civil government ncalmt military rule; n
man who believes a Prrsldent of th<* United
States who Ignores the constitution, n« the
present administration has dcr.e, must be one
who loves his or.n glory ' more than he doe»
H20 rrnublic. A man who believes American
<Jep[>oti5in 1« no better than any other des
jiotisn:. A man who places his human blood
above human creed.. A man who will not
trade away the precious "¦> life of an American
Rcldlet for a nugset of gold in the Philippine
Islands. (Cheers.) A man who would, not
Irtve the 3000 or MOO brave American soldiers
whom MeKlnley has racrlflced In that hotbed
of dlneane und destruction for all the Inland*
In all the reas. (Applause.) ., A man who/dur
ing Jour, years of faithful administration as
Flirt Assistant Postmaster General of ¦ the
United States, demonstrated to the country
tr.* he knows a Republican when h« Bees one
in an office that belongs to a Democrat.
(Laughter and applause.) Nominate our . man
and you will not have to explain any speeches
made against Democracy, forhe has never made
any kind cr.Ix Democratic. (Applause.) A man
tic approval and again State standards
and banners were borne about the build
ing in tribute to the party nominee.
There are eentlemen here whose names have
been or will be presented to this convention.
any one of which names is stroneer than my
own. (Cries of "No. no.") There is no dif
ficulty whatever in making a satisfactory choice
and I ought not in Justice to tnem permit my
name to be used a single moment. This con
vention should proceed to name a candidate
from some of those who have been named. In
justice to me, in justice to them. In Justice to
the party, in justice to the ordinary procedure
of this convention, it is unfair to me to plare
me In this position without my consent.
(Great applause.)
He was frequently interrupted by pro
tests as he. insisted he could not accept.
From Nev York came cries of "Yes,"
"Yes. you can."
"When he sa*d, clearly and firmly, "I
did not come into this- convention as a
candidate; I did not expect to be a candi
date and I cannot accept the honor."
again came the cries of "Yes, you can,"
in greater volume than before: but they
had not the slightest effect. He left the
platform, cheered to tho echo and sur
rounded by his friends, who pressed for
ward to grasp his hand.
When Georgia was called Mr. Hutchin
son of that State, who spoke briefly and
clearly, delivered a short speech in sec
onding the nomination of Stevenson.
James Kennedy of Connecticut had
yielded tn Illinois in the rollcall and re
ceived a like favor from that State when
its name was called, and James Ken
nedy, chairman of the State delegation,
mane a. short seconding- speech for Ste
venson of Illinois.
Lewis' Name Presented.
When Idaho was called she gave way
to Washington, and W. H. Dunphy placed
In nomination the name of James Hamil
ton Lewis of Washington. The name of
Lewis was received with but feeble cheers
that lasted but a few moments. .
Indiana gave way to Virginia, and Con
gressman William A. Jones of the latter
State seconded the nomination of Steven
son. Iowa seconded the nomination of
Stevenson from the floor. Chairman Sells
of that delegation contenting himself with
the simple announcement. . ¦
Kansas did not respond and at the call
of Kentucky there were cries of "Black
burn," but the Senator did not respond,
and ex-Governor McCreary of Kentucky
came forward and seconded the nomina
tion of Stevenson of Illinois,-; whom he
claimed as a son of Kentucky, he having
been born in that State.
Delegate E. E. McCaleb of Louisiana,
when that State was called, announced
from his seat that the delegation from
Louisiana unanimously seconded the
nomination of "that gifted leader and
statesman, David Bennett Hill of New
Again the name of Hill aroused the con
vention to cheering and applause.
Delegate A. Leo Knott of Maryland,
formerly an assistant Postmaster Gen
eral, presented in a brief speech the
name of Governor John Walter Smith of,
Maryland.
Massachusetts Seconds Towne.
When Massachusetts was called Hon.
George Fred Williams ascended the plat
form, amid considerable applause. In hia
address, delivered in clarion tones, car
rying to the uttermost parts of the hall,
he paid a handsome compliment to the
State of New York, which, he declared,
was unitedly in favor of the platform and
ticket of. this country. For this reason
no State in the Union was entitled to
greater consideration than New York.
This was received with a shout of ap
proval, the belief becoming prevalent In
some manner that Mr. Williams was
about to second Mr. Hill.
"The name which seems most desirable
In the interests of the party," Mr. Wil
liams declared, "Is that of a man who
is intellectually and morally the peer of
the candidate for first place, Charles A.
Towne."
• Cordial applause was given to Mr.
"Towne. but it was tempered by the re
mark from one of the delegates: "We
want a Democrat; this is not a Populist
Convention," and other remarks that
raised in question Mr. Towne's Dcmoo
racy.
In response to these remarks Mr. Wil
liams insisted that Mr. .Towne was as
much of a Democrat as any. man in the
convention.
At the conclusion of the speech both
Williams and Towne were heartily
cheered.
Minnesota, when called, yielded the floor
to Mr. Cummings of Connecticut, who
briefly seconded the nomination of Towne.
His speech, as usual with those second
ing the nomination of Mr. Towne. was
received with much applause from the
galleries.
Senator Money of Mississippi arose
when his name was called and made his
way to the speaker's platform. He de
clared the ticket should be composed of
men both of whom had been Democrats
in every political affiliation. He, therefore,
seconded the nomination of Adlai E. Ste
venson.
The audience then received Governor
Stone of Missouri with great enthusiasm,
rising to its feet and cheering and wav
ing .flags, while the band played "Dixie."
When Tie spoke it was with deliberation
and he was given strict attention, par
ticularly by the local portion of the audi
ence. His closing remarks seconding Mr.
Stevenson and saying that all who dif
fered in 1896 should be welcomed to the
party In 1000, if they would come, were ap
plauded..
Spectators Grow Impatisnt.
• Nebraska passed in the call for nom
inees, saying it had nobody to present
as a candidate. Nevada had F. G. New
lands present its views. He named Towne
as Nevada's chelce and the minute he
mentioned the name there were calls for
a vote. The audience was displaying Its
Impatience with the delay.
"When New Hampshire was called Col
onel Henry O. Kent made a very short
speech in favor of Stevenson.
Delegate Daly of New Jersey ¦ arose to
second the nomination of Hill. He spoke
vigorously and . his terse speech called
forth loud cheers.
Patrick H. McCarren arose from his
seat when the roll call reached New York
and announced that the Empire State
would yield lta time to Delaware. Irving
Handy of that State took the platform,
and. like Mr. Daly, spoke for Hill. He
declared that although the Senator had
declined, a better soldier had never
walked beneath the Democratic flag and
when be was nominated he would take it.
The convention was becoming very im
patient" over the long list of seconding
speeches and there 'were freauent calls
of "Time" before he concluded. , . : ;
Senator White of California spoke ener
getically . from the. platform, • declaring
that those who did not desire to hear the
nominating speeches could go out. If they
did not care to go out they should keep
auiet.
KANSAS CITY. July 6.— The Demo
cratic national ticket was com
pleted to-day by the nomination
of Adlai B. Stevenson for Vice
President. The nomination was
made on the first ballot. State after State
joining in the wild scramble to record
their support of the winning candidate. It
was not accompanied by any such fran
tic demonstration of approval as has
marked the proceedings at previous
stages, although the result followed a
spirited and at times highly dramatic
contest between the advocates of Steven
son. Towne Hill and the lesser candi
dates.
The distinct triumph of the day In the
way of a popular demonstration was that
accorded to Senator Hill, and its spon
taneity and its wild enthusiasm formed
one of the most notable features the con
vention has produced. It was accom
panied, too. by a remarkable scene, when
Hill earnestly protested to his friends
againtt being placed in nomination, and,
then, finding his protest in vain, strode to
The platform, and in tones which left no
doubt of their sincerity earnestly be
sought the convention not to make him
the nominee.
Thirty Thousand Spectators.
The proceedings to-day moved with
greater briskness than on the preceding
two day?, for there were none of the te
dious waits over platform and commit
tees. The aspect of the vast auditorium
was truly democratic when the session
began. Anticipating the close of the con
vention, the general public was admitted
freely, and as a result great crowds emp
tied into the body of the hall, not only
filling every available seat In the area
and aisles, but also overflowing Into- the
arena reserved for delegates, while some
more adventuresome individuals scaled
the iron girders and looked down from a
d!zzy height on 33,000 people parked be
low. The crowd practically took posses
sion of the jiroceedincs, and at times the
chairman and his officers w?re so power
less to proceed that they gave up to -the
multitude until the various demonstra
tions spent themselves.
On the call for Dominations Alabama
j :rldcd to Minnesota and the latter State
presented its young champion of silver
Republicanism and Democracy, Charles
A. Towne. The mention of his name was
a signal for a nattering demonstration in
his honor, men and women joining in the
outburst. Far off in a corner of the au
ditorium a young woman could be seen
frantically waving In one hand a litho
graph of the Minnesotan, and In the other
the ftarp and stripes. On the floor the
Nebraska, Minnesota and one or two
other delegations joined in -the demon
stration, but it was noticeable that it did
not evoke any widespread enthiisiasm
among tho?? who were about to do the
voting. Gradually other delegations be
gan to arise, some of the New Yorkers
petting to their feet, and for a moment
it looked as though the convention might
be carried off its feet. But against this
•was heard a counterstorm of protestation
and discordant hisses. For ten minutes
the demonstration for Towne lasted, with
varying degrees of Intensity. . . ; .i -'
Vain Pleading With Hill.
Meantime attention was being directed
to an excited group marscd in front of
the New York section, with I III! as the
vortex of a struggling throng of delegates.
They pr<»FFod forward from all "quarters
of the hall, urging him to permit his
name to be placed Lefore the convention.
The face ct the Xew Yorker was a study
as the demands upon him came from all
sides. He sat in the front row of dele
gates, with cx-Scnator Murphy on his
right and Judge Van Wyck on his imme
diate left. A second scat away was Mr.
Crcker. Hill protested vociferously.
Judpe Van Wyck said he could not refuse.
Mur;>hy and Croker pleaded with him to
ol>«»y the will of the convention and ac
cept.
While the pleadings continued the call
ol Delaware was h".-ird above the roar,
and Delaware yielded her place to New
York. At this? the bulky form of Senator
CJrady. the pilver-tor.gued orator of Xew
lork, pushed through the densely packed
aisles up to the platform. There was a
hush throughout the hall to hear what
word New i'ork had to offer.
"In behalf of the united Democracy of
><•«¦ York." shouted Grady, "I present as
a candidate fcr Vice President the name
of David Bennett Hill."
The effect was electrical and a tidal
•wave of enthusiastic approval swept over
the convention. Delegates stood on tiieir
chairs and waved frantically.mot ir. a few
scattered groups but in solid phalanxes.
I- lags and standards were acain mingled
in triumphant procession, while a roar as
from Niagara rolled through the great
structure. Grady stood there proudly
waiting for the «<»rm to subside. But as
ho wait€-d the audience observed a 6trange
pa.ntnrr.ime. They Faw Hill leave the New
York dotation and pu*h through the
throng up to the platform. They could
sfe him appeal to CJrady to withdraw,
while Gra.dy ? answer was apparent from
the shake of his Iwad and his advance to
the front of the platform to continue his
nominasing spetrh. When the demonstra
tion had suicided Grady completed his
epcech placing Hill before the convention.
But as hf stepped from the platform, the
man v.ho had just been placed in nomi
nation took his p!a<?e. The Senator looked
out Bternij-, even savagely on the shout
ing thoutand3. When he could be heard
he made due acknowledgment of the
honor done him.
"But I cannot, I must not be the nomi
nee of this convention." he declared with
explosive emphasis. He was frequently
interrupted with enthuMa-sle shouts of ap
proval, but when he left the platform the
delegates were firmly convinced from his
words a:id manner that he was sincerely
desirous of haying his name withheld. It
is provable this alone prevented a nomi
nation by acclamation then and there, for
the tempestuous spirit manifested showed
that th« convention was on the point of
bf-ing carried off Jts feet.
Stevenson Second Choice.
It was soon apparent that, with Hill
out. Stevrnson was a strong favorite
State after State seconded -his nomina
tion—Oeoigia. .Indiana. Virginia, Iowa
Kentucky. Illinois*. Some of the devoted
friends of Hill still maintained their al
lpgianre tG him. and the delegations of
N«»w Jersey. Louisiana and some others
seconded his nomination. Maryland
brought forward Governor John Walter
Smith, Washington named James Hamil
ton L»»wis. North Carolina nominated Col
« nc-1 Julian Carr and Ohio presented the
name of A. W. Patrick.
It was after 2 o'clock when the «ec
onding Fpc-echeF. many of them weari
sorr.o. w*re concluded and .tho balloting
hegan. As the roll was about to be called
Mr. Lewis appeared on the platform and
in a few v.-ell-chosen words withdrew
'rorri tho contest. P*BMH
The vote was followed with intense In
teroFt. for when Alabama announced 3 for
Stevenson and 19 for Hill It looked as
though a c!o*e and exciting contest was
to occur.
But it soon was evident that Stevenson
had a strong lead. At the close of the call
lie had ioS 1^ votes, which, however, was
not enough to nominate, the requisite
number being C2i. Hill had received 200
votes and Towne W%.
But before the announcement of the re
sult a strong-lunged delegate from Ten
jtps.«eo stood on his chair and announced:
"Tpnn^ssee changes her 24 votes from
Hill to Stevenson."
That started the tide Irresistibly toward
Stevenson. From every quarter of ¦ the
hall came demands for recognition. Ala
banfa changed for Stevenson: California
did the name; North Carolina changed
from Carr to Stevenson;. wen N*w York
finally and reluctantly announced its
change from Hill to Stevenson.
That ended it. Stevenson's nomination
v.£j» assured, although for some time
longer the various States continued to re
cord their changes from Towne and other
candidates to Stevenson. In the ond the
nomination was made unanimous. Its an
nouncement was cheered with enthusias-
i North Dakota, from the floor, seconded
! the nomination of D. B. Hill.
I S. M. Gates, a tall, powerful son of
I North Carolina, presented the name of
I Colonel Julian Carr from his State. He
spoke briefly ar.d escaped the usual re
minder conveyed in the call of "Time.
Ohio put in nomination the name or
A. W. Patrick of the Buckeye State. His
name was presented by M. A. Daugherty.
who was one of the few speakers whose
seconding speech could be heard at any
distance from the platform. «
Oregon from the floor seconded the nom
ination of J. Hamilton Lewis of Wash
j Ington.
¦ J. H. Snowden of Pennsylvania read
I his speech seconding Stevenson from a
I yellow slip of paper. Although he spoke
\ clearly and distinctly, tne crowd in its
I impatisnee repeatedly interrupted him by
j call i of "louder." "time," "vote." He
lead readily, and the tumult Increased to
such an extent that Chairman Richard
son was compelled to use his gavel freely.
! South Carolina, from the floor, seconded
I the nomination of Stevenson.
Tennessee, also from the floor. Charles
E. Case making the speech, seconded the
nomination of that "matchless leader of
the New York Democracy, David B. Hill."
This was greeted with a howl of applause.
Texas for Stevenson.
Jonathan Lane of Texas promised to
be brief when he took the platform and
he kept his word, seconding the nomin
ation of Stevenson.
Utah, from the floor, seconded the nom
ination of Stevenson. ¦¦*'¦' .^>-
Washington, when called, yielded back
to Idaho the time it had received from
that State, and the Idaho delegation sec
onded the nomination of Lewis.
J. W. St. Clair of West Virginia ap
i pealed to the delegates to vote for the
man who would bring the greatest num
| her of votes, and that man he declared
was Stevenson of Illinois.
O. C. Cooper of Wisconsin spoke for
I Towne. His short speech was ably de-
I hvered and called forth much applause,
i Wyoming, from the floor, seconded
• Stevenson.
I Mayor Hose of Milwaukee sprang upon
his seat, and announced that despite the
address of Mr. Cooper Wisconsin would
cast its vote for Stevenson.
John H. Wise of Hawaii, from the floor,
seconded the nomination of Hill.
New Mexico, from the floor, seconded
the nomination of Stevenson.
J. Hamilton Lewis of Washington
whose name had already been presented.
was next recognized by Chairman Rich
ardson. He expressed his thanks to the
i States of Washington and Idaho which
! had championed his cause, and announced
l his withdrawal from the race.
Beginning of the Roll Call.
The rollcall for the first ballot then b*-
I The announcement of Alabama that it
had nineteen votes for Hill was received,
with a roar of applause.
"Four for Hill," a man from Florida
called forth, amid a yell of applause.
"Illinois," shouted the clerk, and back.
came the cry. "Forty-eight for Steven
son." and then the Stevenson enthusiasm
was unbottled in good earnest, and it
arose higher still when Iowa and Kan
sas cast their full votes.
Louisiana was the next to go for Hill.
Her delegation gave him the entire vote
Michigan, which' had all along strongly
approved of Towne. gave him but tivo
votes, the remainder going to Stevenson.
• The shout from Missouri. "One for
Hogg of Texas." called forth loud laugh
ter and applause.
New Jersey's twenty votes for Hill
called forth another ripple of cheers, and
then came "New York." The r«p*>.
"New York casts her entire 8c>enty-two
votes for the Hon. David B. Hill. in
creased the ripple to a wave of applause.
Pennsylvania's sixty-four votes for Ste
venson caused the adherents of the Illi
nois man to shout until the rafters rang.
The Hill people cheered wildly when
Tennessee went solidly for the New York
man. and the Stevenson people answered
the cheer when Texas came to their man.
The convention recognized the signln
cance of the action, and cheer after cheer
went up. Stevenson was nominated now
without question, and all over the hall
chairmen of delegations were on their
feet, shouting and wp-ving their arms in
their efforts to get recognition from the
Washington was tfce first to secure the
privilege, and the teller's cry. "Washing
ton changes its entire vote to Steven
son," provoked wild enthusiasm. The
confusion became so loud that it was al
most impossible to catch the changes as
the teller called them out.
After Washington came Xorth Caro
lina, and then John L. Shea of New
York managed to make his voice heard
as he called out: J
"New York changes her entire vota
from 1I1U to Stevenson."
Landslide for Stevenson.
This simply pulled out the plug, broke
in both ends and all the staves at one
time, and the roar that went up was
deafening. The Stevenson men danced
around in delight. v«- . ¦¦_-
Then in rapid succession the following
States changed their votes to Stevenson
in the order given: California. Louisiana.
North E>akota. Nebraska. Hawaii. Flori
da South Dakota, Montana, and Connec
ticut. After tRat they all made a rush
for the coming candidate.
The cheering while the first changes
were being made was enthusiastic in the
extreme. A procession was formed to
march around the hall, but the long ses
sion that had preceded the nomination of
Stevenson and the exciting scenes of yes
terday bad worn the delegates out and tho
parade waa short in length and still short
er as to its line of march, and the dele
gates confined themselves for the chief
part to cheering.
The vote of the leading three candi
dates before any changes were made waa
as follows: Stevenson, 559Vi; Hill. 200;
Towne, S9'/i.
While the changes of the various States
were being made pandemonium reigned
in the hall. Delegates and alternates
stood on their chairs, and throughout all
of the galleries people were standing and
cheering. Practically the entire delega
tion from New York, headed by Croker,
left the hall. Women and children and
other spectators who had been standing
in the aisles during the proceedings and
a lot of superfluous special officers and
pages swarmed over the delegates' sec
tion. When order had been partially re
stored the floor section of the hall bore
more the appearance of a miscellaneous
gathering that of a political convention.
Sergeant at Arms John I. Martin, bis .
assistants and the police had the utmost *
difficulty in clearing the aisles, but tho
people were finally forced to their places
or out of the building.
Speech by a Colored Delegate.
As soon as quiet was restored J. Milton
Turner, a prominent negro from Missouri,
the chairman of the convention of Afro-
Americans which onlv recently nominated
llr. Bryan for President, was Invited to
the platform and briefly addressed th«
convention.
The usual formal resolutions of thanks
to Kansas City end to the officers of the
convention were adopted amid the great
est confusion, and then at 3:21. on motion
of Chairman Jones, the National Demo
cratic Convention of 1000 adjourned.
nomination. (Great applause and cries of No
r.o." and "You have cot to take It. ) I ha*e
not been a candidate. I do not desire to be a
candidate and I must not be nominated by this
convention. (Renewed applause and cheering
and cries of "You must! You must 1 . )
David B. Hill Dramaticallu De
clines Second Place on the Demo
cratic Ticket When It Seems
Within His Grasp,
Towne of Minnesota, the Candidate
Favored Dij Bryan, Receives
Scant Support When the Vote
Is Taken.
STEVENSON NOMINATED ON THE FIRST BALLOT
THE S AJN Jf it A-JN "OipuiJ v&SjIj; SAT U KDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
2
Warn? W&afhsr
Weakness Is Quickly Overcome.
The cooling, tonlnsr nnd blood enriching
qualities of Hood's Sarsuparilla are won-
derful. It strengthens :he stomach and
digestive organs and creates an appetite.
It has an unc-quale»l record of cures of
scrofula, salt rheum, hoils. pimples and
other diseases cauped by impure blood.
Hood's Ssff'ssira^ii/ai
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Price %h
Prepared by C. I. HOOD & CO., Lowell.
Mass.
Hood's Pills cure Indigestion, Price » cent*.Towne's Plea for Harmony.
"I don't want you to do It," said Mr.
Towne. "I understand what my duty Is
in this matter."
"We must insist on it," put in another
delegate. "You have no right to refuse.
You will break us to pieces."
Mr. Towne, palefaced but determined,
shook his head emphatically.
"Please give him a chance to be heard,"
shouted Chairman Brown, and the dele
gates, one by one, took their seats.
Mr. Flemmlng, a delegate from New Jer
sey, mounted the platform and demanded
recognition. He regretted to say that the
proposed conference between a represent
ative from the Populist party and one"
from the Silver Republican party with a
representative of the Democratic National
Convention had not been held, and for
himself he believed that it was the duty
of this convention to go on and complete
the ticket by the nomination of Charles A.
Towne for vice President. Mr. Flemmlng
then gave way to Mr. Towne.
after cheer went up and flags and hand
kerchiefs were waved by the excited del
egates. Towne was Immediately surround
ed by those on the stage.
"Mr. Towne, we want to nomfnate you,"
said an Indiana delegate.
"W. T. Foster gained the floor and Insist
ed on the chair putting the question. Dur
ing the \ confusion .that' resulted, Charles
A. Towne entered the hall and In an In
stant the hall was a pandemonium. Cheer
Towne Enters the Hall
Two minutes after Chairman Browne
called the convention to order at 3:30 p.
m. the convention voiced Its feeling con
cerning the nomination of Stevenson by
howling down Delegate Lewis of Ne
braska. • -
"I believed this morning," said he, "It
was our plain duty to nominate Bryan
and Towne, but I believe now it Is our
plain duty to Indorse Bryan and Stoven-
A* perfect storm of groans and protests
arose from the delegates, many of them
standing on their chairs. "Iso, never!
"Sit down!" "Rats!" they shouted, and
Mr. Lewis was finally compelled to take
Ransom of Nebraska pleaded for moder
ation, but he, too, waa interrupted by th«
impatient delegates. '
"What do you favor?" asked one dele
gate. "Tell us now."
"I favor the nomination of Towne, said
Senator Ransom. "But let us not act
until we hear from him. He will be her*
soon.**
W. H. McNall of Kansas waa then rec
ognized.
"It Is not necessary to go outside of our
party for a Vice President," said he,
amid shouts of approval. "J>o you gen
tlemen think to take the tall end of the
Cleveland administration? Do you believe
It good judgment?"
The hall fairly trembled from the storm
of "noes."
"Nominate Charles A. Towne." yelled a
delegate. Amid much confusion and the
pounding of the chairman's gavel Mr.
McNall shouted:
"I move that Charles A. Towne be de
clared the unanimous nominee of the con
vention." v
"I second the nomination," Bhouted a
dozen delegates.
"Walt, gentlemen." shouted Senator
Teller, spring to his feet. "We want some
calm deliberation."
"We have had It for three days," inter
rupted a t-eleerate. . _
"No living man should stand In the way
of this cause," continued Senator Teller.
"I believe this contest involves the life
of tho republic. A contest for liberty, a
contest for free government. Let us wait;
let us wait until wo hear from Mr.
Towne." . i. ,'- ; .
"Senator Teller, I would as soon vote
for Stevenson as for a black snake." In
terrupted a Nebraska delegate. (Cheers
and hisses greeted this remark.)
"Don't, gentlemen," pleaded Senator
Teller. "Be moderate." With his voice
betraying deep emotion. Senator Teller
continued:
"I am going to support Mr. Bryan and
the ticket In every way I can, not for Mr.
Bryan but for the country which I so
love " and then Senator Teller, with tears
streaming from his eyes, took his seat.
Rage of the Delegates.
once and work for the ' nomination of
Towne for Vice President.
form as amentia! was then adopted with
a thunder of "ayes."
Nomination of Bryan.
"We would like to h$ar from the com
mittee on conference." shouted a deleftaU..
"The committee is stll in session," said
Senator Teller. "There has beea no for- j
rra! expression by the Democratic mem
bers, but I betray no confidence when I
my that a majority of the delegates ar«
friends cf Mr. Towne. I^et us no west i
these Friends of Mr. Towne In the Demo- j
cratic convention want us to do— wait and ;
give them a chance to shov.' that Mr.
Towne is the logi'.al candidate of the
Democratic party."
"But there is no objection to nominat
ing Mr. Bryan now, Is there?" asked a
delegate.
"No. sir," replied Senator Teller. "He
has been nominated for the past four
years."
A storm of cheers came from" the dele
gates at the mention of Bryan's name.
Senator Teller, though still hoarse from
his speech t>f Wednesday, then launched
into an eloquent tribute to W. J. Bryan.
The Senator In conclusion placed William
J. Bryan in nomination as the candidate
of the Silver Republican party for Presi-
Long continued cheering followed the
nomination. Delegates stood on their
chairs, waved hats and flags and shouted
acclaims of the Nebraska statesman until
they could shout no more.
Seconded by California.
H. S. Hazard of California made the
first seconding speech of the nomination
of Bryan, and he was followed by Sena
tor Ransom of Nebraska, who declared
that the Silver Republicans of Nebraska
were not for Bryan because he was from
Xebraska. but because he was an Ameri
can and had no English idea*. ¦ Senator
Ransom concluded:
"We nominate him as the Incarnation
and personification of Americanism."
Brief seconding speeches were also
rnnde by Lieutenant Governor Hutchlnson
of Idaho. Captain H. D. Lason of South
/Dakota, H. S. Turner of Kansas, Judge
Van Voorhis of Indiana, Judge Spurrier
of Iowa. S. I... Gary of Louisiana, Judge
S. W. Hopkins of-Michigan, W. T. Foster
of Missouri and others.
"Gentlemen of the convention," said
Speaker Brown*, "the name of William
J. Bryan has been placed in nomination
for the Presidency. It has been numer
ourly seconded. Are you ready for the
question?"
"Yes!" thundered the delegates.
A rising vote was called for and every
delegate jumped to h!s feet, cheering r.nd
shouting for Bryan.
"The vote was unanimous," shouted
Speaker Browne, and again the delegates
joined In a rattling chorus of cheering for
their nominee. \
Webster Davis was then introduced. Mr.
Davis gave the convention a brief history
of his trip to Africa and of his with
drawal from "the Republican party. Mr.
Davis* frequent reference to the ability
of the American people to take care of
their own Interests, to have its own ca
nal, to have their own gold, aroused the
enthusiasm of the convention, which be
came more heated as Mr. Davis apotheo
sized Ltncoln and compared him to Bryan.
The convention adjourned until 3:30 p.
m.. after passing a resolution making
every delegate a member of a committee
to attend the Democratic convention at
ar,<i it was the intention to complete the
ticket in ttoe afternoon ty the nomination
of former Congressman Tov.Tie. The
action of the Democratic convention, how
eV i>r. in placing Adlai E. Stevenson in
norrinaticn. took the delfga'es on* their
fret, hut most of them asserted their de
tcrri'.nr.ticn to nominate Mr. Towne, not
¦w-lthFtarding. For two hour?., Senator
Telicr, former Congressmen Shafroth of
Colorado and Cheadle of Indiana, and
others, mnde speeches In favor of Indors
!np th'? Democratic ticket, but it v.-as not
until Towne himself appeared and ap
pealed to the convention not to nominate
him but to concentrate its forces, that
the deiesratrs calmed down and the Vice
Presidential nomination was referred to
the National Committee.
Speeches From a Phonograph.
The delegates were late In assembling,
this raomirg. notwithstanding practically
f . the important work of the convention
*a« scheoukd for to-day. For a few mm
,. f s previous to convening the aclesates
»t.? ««ntcrta!nrd by speeches and prayers
delivered 'r</m a phonograph, and this re
sulted in one rather touching Incident.
The pravor d-ilvered by Dr. Blgelow of
C'ncirnaii. at the opening of the conven
tion and which brought cheers from the
<icU-£.nicF . was repeated amid dead silence.
At its conclusion a white-headed delegate
from Ohio started ringing "John Brown s
Body." One by one the delegates joine-J
In the old sonar until the auditorium rang
with the thunder of a thousand voles.
A committee was appointed to invite
Former A«fcis:ant Secretary Webster
Davi.s to addresp the convention.
The committee on resolution* an
nounced it was readv to report and D. C.
TiHotsou of Hansa? City took the plat-
Iforro to read the party's declaration of
principles. Great ch«*«-rir.g greeted the
reading of the Filver plank, the indorse
ment of the initiative and referendum and
the Nlcarafruan canal. The most en
thusiastic demonstration occurred when
the speaker read the plank extending
sympathy to the Boers, the delegates ris
ing en masse and cheering for over a min
ute.
At the conclusion of the reading an In
terruption occurred. The Traveling Men's
Hrj-an Club of Lincoln, headed by a brass
band, marched into the hell and up to
the stage. The band started "The Star
Spangled Banner." and Mr. Tillotson.
turning from his manuscript, led the dele
gation in singing the anthem. When
.quiet had been restored a dcle
imte offered a substitute for the
"NIcaraguan plank, favoring "the speedy
construction of the Kicaraguan canal,
to be built, owned and defended
by the Government of the United
Elates." This was adopted. Tho plat-
KANSAS CTT"", July 6. — After a Ions
and exciting <3»bate. during; which
it iooked several times as if
Charles A. Towne would be nom
;r.ate<3 for Vice President In ppit'i
of h*s r rot est apainst such action,
the National Convention of the Silver Ro
pnW.ran r-irty adjourned sine die, without
xr.aV.'.r.z u nomination, the ¦whole inatter
t.oir.F. TVtBrreC to the National Cnrnmlttfe,
with power to act. W. J. IJryan was madn
tbfl ur.iiiiirv.ous choice of the cor.vmUon
i< >r Pr. .O>:;: Jurirs. the morn'.nc session.
Only the Pleading of Towne Him
self Prevents His Nomination
For Vice President as a Defiance
to the Democrats,
UNBOUNDED RAGE OF
SILVER REPUBLICANS
We declare It to be our intention to lend our
efforts to the repeal of this currency law, which
not only repudiates the ancient and tlme-hon-
We the Silver Republican party in natlonad
convention assembled, declares these as our
principles and Invite the co-operation of all
who agree therewith:
We recojrr.lze that the principles set forth In
the Declaration of American Independence are
fundamental and everlastingly true In their ap
plication to governments among men. We be
lieve the patriotic words of Washington's fare
well adJress to be the words of soberness and
wisdom, inspired by the spirit of right and
truth. We treasure the words of Jefferson as
priceless gems of American statesmanship. We
hold In sacrod remembrance the broad philan
thropy and patriotism of Lincoln, who waa the
great interpreter of American history and the
great apostle of human rights and of indus
trial freedom, and we declare, aa was declared by
the convention that nominated the great eman
cipator, that the maintenance of the principles
promulgated In the Declaration of Independence
and embodied in the Federal constitution.
"That all men are created equal: that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain In
alienable rights; that among these are life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness: that to
secure these rights governments are instituted
among men deriving their just powers from the
consent of the governed." 1b es?>ontlal to the
preservation of our republican institutions.
FOR BIMETAIililSM.
We declare our adherence to the principle of
bimetallism ob the right basis of a monetary
system under our national constitution — a
principle that found place repeatedly In Re
publican platforms, from the demonetization of
silver in 1873, to the St. Louis Republican Con
vention Of 1S96.
Since that convention a Republican Congress
and a Republican President, at the dictation
of th* trusts and money power, have parsed and
approved a currency bill which In itself Is a re
pudiation of the doctrine of bimetallism ad
vocated theretofore by the President and every
great leader of the party.
This currency law destroys the full money
power of the silver dollar, provides for the pay
ment of all Government obligations and the
redemption of all forms cf paper money in gold
a jr, ne _ r etlres the time-honored and patriotic
greenbacks, constituting one-sixth of the
money in circulation, «nd surrenders to banking
corporations a sovereign function of issuing all
psper money, thus enabling these corporations
to control the prices of labor and property by
Increasing or diminishing the volume of money
in circulation, thus giving the banks power to
create panics and bring disaster upon business
er.terprlf-ps.
The provisions of this currency law making
the bonded debt of the republic payable In gold
alone changes the contract between the Govern
ment and the bondholders to the advantage of
the latter and is in direct opposition to the dec
laration of the Matthews resolution passed by
Congress in 1S78, for which resolution the pres
ent Republican President, then a member of
Congress, voted, as <l!d also all leading Re
publican*, both In the House and in the Senate.
CURRENCY AND INCOME TAX.
KANSAS CITY, July 6.— After many
changes the national convention
of the Silver Republicans adopt
ed the following platform:
The Silver Republican party of the United
States, in the foregoing principles, seeks to per
petuate the spirit and to adhere to the teach
ings of Abraham Lincoln.
We declare the Porto Rican tariff to be not
only a serious but a dangerous departure from
the principles of our form of government. We
believe in a republican form of government and
are opposed to monarchy and to the whole
theory of imperialistic control. We believe in
solf-government — a government by consent of
the governed — and are unalterably opposed to
a government based on force. It Is clear and
certain that the inhabitants of the Philippine
Archlpelugo cannot be made citizens of the
United States without endangering our clvi'
izatlon. We are therefore In favor of applying
to the Philippine Archipelago the principle we
nre solemnly and publicly pledged to observe
in the case of Cuba.
There being no longer any necessity for col
lecting war taxes, we demand the repeal of the
war tuxes levied to carry on the war with
Spain.
We favor the Immediate admission Into the
union as States of the Territories of Arizona,
New Mexico and Oklahoma.
We demand that our nation's promises to
Cuba shall be fulfilled In every particular.
TO RECLAIM ARID LANDS. ,
We believe the national Government should
lend every aid, encouragement and asslftance
toward the reclamation of arid lands of the
United States, and to that end we are in favor
of a. comprehensive survey thereof and an Imme
diate ascertainment of the water supply avail
able for such reclamation, and we believe it to
be the duty of the general Government to pro
vide for the construction of storage reservoirs
and irrigation works so that the water supply
of the arid region may be utilized to the great
est possible extent In the Interests of the peo
ple, while preserving all rights of the State.
Transportation is a public necessity and the
means and methods of it are matters of public
concern. Railway companies exerclee a power
over industries, business and commerce which
they ought not to do and should be made to
serve the public interests without asking un
reasonable charges or unjust discrimination.
We observe with satisfaction the growing
sentiment among the people In favor of the
public ownership and operation of public utili
ties.
WOULD EXPAND TRADE.
We are in favor of expanding our commerce
In the' interests of American labor and for the
benefit of all our people by every honest and
peaceful means. Our creed and our history
justify the nations of the earth In expecting
that wherever the American flag is unfurled
humane labor laws and political liberty will be
found. We protest against the adoption of any
policy that will change In the thought of the
world the meaning of our flag.
We are opposed to the Importation of Asiatic
laborers In competition with American . labor
and favor a more rigid enforcement of the laws
rPlRtins thereto.
We tender to the patriotic people of the
South African republics our sympathy and ex
press our admiration for them In their heroic
attempts to preserve their political freedom
and maintain their national Independence. We
declare the destruction of these republics
and the subjugation of their people to be a
crime against civilization. We believe this
sympathy should have been voiced by the
American Congress as was done in the case of
the French, the Greeks, the Hungarians, the
Poles, the Armenians and the Cubans—
and as the traditions of this country would
have dictated. «
SYMPATHY FOK BOEBS.
In view of the »rreat sacrifice made and pa
triotic services rendered, we are in favor of
liberal pensions to deserving soldiers, their
widows, orphans and other dependents. We be
lieve the enlistment and service should be ac
cepted as conclusive proof that the soldier was
free from disease and disability at the time of
Ills enlistment. We condemn the present ad
ministration of the pension laws.
orea principles of the American people before '
the constitution was adopted, but Is vlnlative
of the principles of the constitution Itself, and
we shall not cease our efforts until there has
been established in Its place a monetary system
based upon the free and unlimited coinage <?t
silver and cold Into money at the present lefral
rntio of 16 to 1 by the Independent action of the
United States, under which system all paper
money shall be Issued direct by the Govern
ment, nnd all such money coined or Issued shall
be a full lesal tender In payment of all debts,
public and yrivate, without exception.
We are In favor of a graduated tax upon in
comes and if necessary to accomDllsh this we
favor an amendment to the constitution.
We believe that United States Senators ought
to be elected by a direct vote of the people,
and we favor such amendment to the constitu
tion and such legislation as may b» necessary
to that end.
We favor the maintenance and the extension,
wlierever practicable, of the merit system In
the public service, appdlntments to be mad.? ac
cording to fitness, competitively ascertained,
and public servants to be retained in office
as long as shall be compatible with the effi
ciency of the service.
TRUSTS AND MONOPOLIES.
Combinations, trusts and monopolies contrived
and arranged for the purpose of controlling th<
prices and quantity of articles supplied to the
public are unjust, unlawful and oppressive.
Not only do thes>e unlawful conspiracies fix
the price of commodities in many cases, but
they Invade every branch of the State and na
tional governments with their polluting influ
ence and control the actions of their 'employes
and dependent!! In private life until their influ
ence actually Imperils society and the liberty or
the citizen. We declare against them. "We de
mand the most stringent laws for their de
struction and the most severe punishment of
their promoters and malntalners and the ener
getlo enforcement of such laws by the courts.
' We believe the Monroe doctrine to be sound
in principle and a wise national policy, and we
(lomand a firm adherence thereto. We con
demn acts Inconsistent with it and that tend
to make ua parties to the Interests and to in
volve us In the controversies of European na
tions and the recognition by pending treaty of
the right of England to be considered in the
construction of an interoceanic- canal. We de
clare that such canal, when constructed, ought
to be controlled by the United States In the
interests of American nations.
We observe with anxiety and regard with
disapproval the increasing ownership of Ameri
can lands by aliens and their growing control
over our International transportation, natural
resources and public utilities. We demand leg
islation to protect our public domain, our na
tional resource*, our franchises and our inter
national commerce and to keep them free and
maintain their independence of all foreign mo
nopolies, institutions and influences, and we
declare our opposition to the leasing of the
public lands of the United States, whereby
corporations and syndicates will be able to
secure control thereof and thus monopolize the
public domain, the heritage of the people.
We are In favor of the principles of direct
legislation.
Nevada sent up Congressman New
lands, more dapper and exquisite than
even George Fred Williams. He repeat
ed Governor Stone's picture and threw a
halo around Towne. Following him Con
gressman William Daly of New Jersey
created some excitement by seconding
Hill's nomination. Daly Is the man who
suggested Imperialism as the paramount
issue In the committee on resolution's. It
was due to his efforts that a compromise
v.-as effected and t.iat the convention w,as
spared a bitter contest over the platform.
ItiUeed. It is said that Daly himself drew
up the resolution. Next Levin Irvlns
Iiandy, ex-Consressraan from Delaware,
appeared in a figured blue shirt and neg
ligee costume, and seconded Hill's nomi
nation. The audience had received about
all it could stand. It objected to being
tuked to death. Handy's speech was good,
but so lengthy that he was fairly driven
from the platform. S. M. Gaddl3 created
some wonder by placing Julian S. Carr
in nomination on behalf of North Caro
lina,. Ohio developed a peculiar oratori
cal bird, who twittered long and sweetly
Newlands Talks for Towne.
When Kentucky was called there were
«hrill shouts for Joe Blackburn. Gov
ernor McCreary took his place. His picca
dilly collar, white cravat and Immaculate
shirt front were typical of his speech. Ho
was as meek as his personal appearance
Indicated, and his speech was In the gen
uine Kentucky style.
J. Leo Knox of Maryland presented the
name of John W. Smith, Its new Gov
ernor. Then George Fred Williams, as
elegant as an English Duke, paid a deli
cate tribute to New York, and seconded,
Towne's nomination. His voice was as
shrill as the chirp of a locust. He made
the remarkable statement that Towne
wanted to become a Democrat several
years ago, but was dissuaded by the
Democrats themselves, who thought that
he could be of more advantage if he re
mained within the ranks of the silver Re
publicans. By this time, the- play became
wearisome. The audience shut off the
elegant George Fred by shouting "Time,
time, time." He took the hint and bowed
his acknowledgment.
Hernado de Soto Money, Senator from
Mississippi, scored the suggestion of
Towne's nomination, because ho was not
a Democrat, and substituted the name of
Stevenson. Here there were loud shouts
of "Stone. Stone." The ex-Governor of
Missouri climbed the platform when the
name of his State was called. The band
played "Dixie, 1 and he received a per
fect ovation. He had an Ideal Southern
face. In choice words he rebuked Sena
tor Money for his reference to Towne. He
pictured the scene in the National Re
publican Convention four years ago when
Senator Teller and Charles A. Towne
walked out of the hall. Towne was en
titled to great honor and to respectful
consideration here. Everybody supposed
that the Governor was about to second
Towne's nomination, but he wound up by
pledging himself to Stevenson.
Illinois yielded to Connecticut. Homer
S. Cummings. a new political star In the
land of steady habits, took the platform.
He surprised everybody by seconding
Towne's nomination, and none more so
than James R. Williams of Illinois. He
sprang upon the chair and protested. Ho
said that Illinois had yielded to Connecti
cut with the express understanding that
a delegate from that State was to second
Stevenson's nomination. It turned out
that Mr. Cummines had mistaken his
turn. Minnesota had promised to yield
to him to express his personal prefer
ence. At this Connecticut sent a second
delegate to the platform. He was James
Kennedy. Illinois was satisfied with h!3
tribute to • her favorite son, and W. II.
Dunphy appeared and shot off a rocket
for James Hamilton Lewis. It had hardly
dlappeared before Indiana gave way to
Virginia, Congressman William A. Jones
of that State in terse words pledged the
old Commonwealth to Stevenson.
Springs a Surprise.
These personal reasons had been pre
viously stated to one of his closest
friends. To this friend he said that he
could not take it because If he did so he
would be forced to give up Wolperts
Roost, as he could not aoffrd to run two
establishments, one in Washington, and
the other in Albany. His Income wa3 In
sufficient to maintain the exalted position
of Vice President in the way that it ought
to be maintained. In his view the Vice
President ought to keep "open house and
lavishly entertain."
He said: "I did not come Into this con
vention as a candidate. I did not expect
to be one, and I cannot accept the honor."
As ho started to leave the platform a
crowd of distinguished men began to
eagerly shake his hand. The cheers of
those witnessing the scene were almost
appalling in volume.
The next speaker to appear on the plat
form was Thomas Hutchmson of Georgia.
He -was as meek and trim in appearance
as a block of polished steel, lie placil
a written speech upon the desk, and read
it three feet away, declaiming it perfectly
and speaking so that every ear in the
vast building could hear each word. Mr.
Hutchlnson on behalf of his State sec
onded Stevenson's nomination.
As Mr. Grady descended the steps and
rejoined the . New York delegation Hill
advanced to the desk. He bowed his head
in recognition of the volume of cheera
that greeted him. and declined the nomi
nation. When he declared that he felt it
his duty to say that for personal reasons
and good and valid reasons he could not
accept, there was renewed applause and
shouts: "You must accept It."
Ex-Senator White of California an<l
Senator Jones of Arkansas bent their
heads and were apparently urging him to
accept the compliment. Hl!l shook his
head repeatedly, and the crowd of digni
taries added their importunity to those
of the Senators. Meantime the tumult
subsided and Senator Grady resumed his
speech. He said that Governor Hill might
decline, but decline or not. he added. New
York's united and solid seventy-two votes
would be cast to the end for David Den
nett Hill. At the end of each sentence
Hill repeated: "I will not take it. This
is absolutely unfair. You should not do
lt." Finally Hill appealed to P«r;k» —
Jones, saying: "This Is not wise. It
should not be forced on mo. nel;> me fti.^
it." The Senator is reported to have re
plied: "Go on and decline. I'll help you
out. I'll see the district leaders. You
are right. Go on and make your speech."
Urged to Accept.
While the delegates were in this parox
ysm of enthusiasm ex-Governor Hill and
Augustus Van "Wyck sat Just behind Mr.
Grady. Hill was apparently exceedingly
annoyed. His face was a study for a
physiognomist.
"On behalf of the united Democracy of
the State of New York. I present to this
convention the name of David B. Hill as
its candidate for the Vice Presidency."
A dramatic scene t nsued. At first the au
dience .seemfil to distrust its e;irs. It wa.i
apparently lost In wonderment. Finally
comprehending -the full force and slg-
Clttcanct ol tne St-nator's words, it burse
into an Indescribable uproar. Hundreds
of flags were produced and waved with
spasmodic enersy. The uproar hus fear
ful, at least twenty guidons, Including
those of Hawaii. Mississippi. California.
North Dakota, Alabama. .Maryland an«l
New YorK, were instantly grouped in
front of the platform. Tin? hand played a.
martial air and the New iuik guiaon was
twirled in time with the music.
tpeech Senator Thomas F. Grady of New
lork had mounted the platform and stood
at the side of Senator Jones. With unusual
celerity David B. lliil followed him. As
Governor Thoma3 disappeared the State
oi" Delaware was called. She yielded tt>
Senator Grady of New York, and Hill was
apparently chagrined. Stanaing upon the
highest pinnacle in the hall. Grady swelled
out his chest ar.d threw hts raagnirtceni
head backward. There were shvuts of aa
lodshment when, in a full, rich tone ot
vcicc. he said:
BY AMOS J. CUMMINGS.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS
CITY. Mo.. July 6.-A11 night long
were tho tribes warring over the
prooosed candidates for the Vice
Presidential nomination. The New
York mfsjionarits worked unceas
ingly for Kel!ar with no encouraging re
sults. The Stevenson men wore far more
successful. At least a dozen Unite! States
Senators who had served with Adlai E.
Stevenson when he was Vice Pres'd-nt
were taking an interest In his canvass. To
this force were added a score of ex-Con
grepsmen and i score of the present Rep
resentatives of tho House, al! of whom
were personally acquainted with him ar.d
were his admirers. Mr. Stevenson made
hlmsMf very popular while In AVyshins
ton. Of an eminent and social disposition;
he was very approachable, and always
ready to do his friends service. Aside
from this he is a Kentuckian by birth and
a relative of Henry Watterson. Senator
Blackburn entered into tht- tight with all
his ardor and Governor McCreery and
each member of the delegation were act
ively at work. They penetrated to the
mos't obscure delegations and engendered
a sentiment that was sure to lend him as
sistance. Meanwhile the friend3 of
Charles A. Towne were not idle, under
the leadership of Senator Teller of Colo
rado, the Towne conduits were laid, but
the electric batteries were weak, and no
currents were preceptible. Strong efforts
were made to get Air. Bryan to visit the
city before the vote was taken. It was
thought that his presence here, and pos
sibly an occasional word for Towne,
might Insure a favorable result. It was
alleged confidentially that Bryan was sure
to come, but there was no confirmatory
news from Lincoln. Without his presence
the struggle was hopeless. No other can
didate developed any strength whatever.
This morning David B. Hill sent word
to Senator Murphy and Croker that if the
New York delegation would change Its
candidate for Vice President. Mr. Hill
would present him to the convention. The
proposition was received with some sur
prise. It was probably at first regarded
as a bid for the nomination of Elliot
Danforth. Further negotiations were post
poned until the New York delegates had
taken their seats in the hall. The con
vention had adjourned until half past 10
this morning. At that hour the New
Yorkers were In their places. Friends in
the outside delegations who were favor
ably disposed toward Governor Hill were
called into confidence with Senator Mur
phy and Croker. and Hill was asked
whether he would present the name of
Lewis Nixon to the convention. As Nixon
is a firm believer in the doctrine of the
American Shipping League, and an ardent
supporter of restoring our merchant
marine by liberal subsidies, and makes no
concealment of his convictions, outsiders
protested against this selection. Hill was
then told that he could have the support
of the New York delegation if he desired,
and again refused to accept it. He had
been offered the nomination In his confer
ence with Croker and Senator Murphy
prior to the first meeting of the delegation
on Thursday afternoon. He declined It.
saying he did not believe the ticket could
be elected if the platform contained a
specific plank declaring for free silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. This statement was
made by one of the conferees during the
conflict "between Croker and himself when
Augustus Van Wyck was selected as the
New York representative on the commit
tee on resolutions. It was not denied by
Hill.
Disorder and Confusion.
The hall this morning was packed to
suffocation when Chairman Richardson
appeared at his desk. The weather was
excessively hot and the atmosphere
stifling. There was hardly breeze enough
to waft the thistledown through the air
and banners hung limp for a long time.
The disorder and confusion was so great
that Chairman Richardson pounded his
desk at least ten minutes before he could
begin to restore order. About this time
Benjamin Shlvely threaded his way
through the struggling crowd, and took
his seat with the Indiana delegation, fan
ning himself lustily. The confusion was
so great that very few recognized him. It
was increased by the action of some one
who had shifted the guidons of the New
Jersey and Texas delegations. Each squad
had followed Its guidon and as there were
less seats in the New Jersey delegation
than in that of Texas there was great
trouble.
It required some time to straighten It
out At last, however, partial order was
restored and the rollcall of States for pre
sentation of candidates was begun. Ar
kansas promptly yielded to Illinois, and
Congressman J. R. Williams of that State
wended his way to the platform. His
short alpaca coat was buttoned across his
breast, and he wore a white tie. He looked
even thinner than on the previous day.
Bending forward and Inflating his lungs,
he launched himself Into his speech plac
ing Adlal Stevenson in nomination. The
confusion was so great that only occa
sional sentences could be heard. Applause
followed the statement that Stevenson
was "One who Is not a Rough Rider, but
a swift rider." "When he added that he
was also a man who places human blood
above human greed there was profound
silence. There was a great demonstration
when Williams concluded. The Illinois
delegation led with a rousing salvo of
applause, at least two-thirds of the dele
gates loinlng in. The uproar lasted fully
five minutes.
Towne's Boom Launched.
Connecticut yielded to Minnesota. She
sent to the platform L. A. Roesing. As he
took the chairman by the hand there were
loud shouts of "Towne!" "Towne!" They
came from the galleries on the right of
the chair. Clad In blue serge and wear-
Ing a broad leather belt and stand-up col
lar, Mr.. Roesing pitched his voice in high
tenor and launched the Towne boom. His
speech lacked energy and magnetic force.
While acknowledging that Mr. Towne was
not a member of the Democratic party he
declared he was a Democrat by conviction.
As he closed the Minnesota delegation ex
cited an outburst of enthusiasm. It rose
In a body waving flags and shouting itself
hoarse. There was no response from other
delegations, but there was from the gal
leries. -It was evident that Towne's
friends were there In full force. They
reallv did all the cheerins and shouting,
but failed to budge any voters. The up
roar lasted several minutes, varying in
force, and at times resembling the noise
of a tornado. For a long time did Long
Jim Richardson pound his desk and wave
his fan in an effort to bring the conven
tion to its sober senses. Once he nearly
secured order, but the band burst Into the
strains of "America," and Towne's friends
in the galleries regained control.
Meantime there was some excitement in
the New York delegation, its leaders sur
rounding the chair of Mr. Hill. Among
them was William Daly of New Jersey.
Secator Murphy was urging Hill to accept
the nomination as a candidate from New
York Hill repeatedly refused. Croker re
peated Senator Murphy's request. "Go
ahead and accept it." he said. "I do not
want it." Hill replied. Daly shouted:
"You can't refuse." Hill tried to convince
them that Stevenson was as good a can
didate as he was. It was evident that the
vote had been taken in the New York del
egation and that it had. been determined
to place the Elmlra statesman in the field
regardless of his wishes.
Hill's Name Presented.
When Colorado was called Governor
Thomas of that State seconded Towne's
nomination. His speech created no furor,
because it could not be heard. In vain
did he teeter up and down, shaking his
head and using both index flnger3. Not a
word was audible to the ears of three
quarters of , the audience. There were
shouts of "louder" and he subsided amid
wild cries of "Time! Time!" During his
Delegates Grow Weary of Long
Seconding Speeches and Fre
quently Call "Time" on Talkers.
Cummings Tells Whu Hill Could
Not Afford to Accept the Vice-
Presidential Nomination.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. KANSAS CITY. July C.-Adlai E. Stevenson of
Illinois was to-day nominated for Vice President by the Democratic Xa
tional Convention in obedience to the orders received from William J.
Bryan, candidate for President Mr. Stevenson's nomination was predicted
in The Call on Wednesday morning, and since that time there has not
brer\ the slightest doubt tnat he woul.l win. There was only a remote possi
bility that the convention might run wild and nominate Hill, "out even this pos
sibility was dispelled by Hill's resolution not to accept the nomination under
ai y circumstances. At 1:30 o*cio« k this mcrninj? he concluded a conference with
«¦ srht eheirmen of State delegations, ami instructed them 10 pass the word around
t»~at he positively could not and would not accept Hill was met by The Call's
Hiil fW nl ¦Ilv on the way home from ttaie conference, ana the statement made by
h;rn pub!iFh*<3 in this mornings Call, that he was determined not to accept, and
predicting Stevenson's nomination, settled the matter beyond a doubt.
Several of the correspondents were at a very late hour last night aware that
Ec-ator "White £nd other chairman of dedications were in .tttcntlance at the con
ference but could not stata this fact without violating conliuence. At the
6-n-c time they were perfectly at liberty to print Hill's statement. This was
an important piece of news, for it showed that Bryan and Hill. Senator White
and other leaders had teen in conference and that they had all decided on Ste
venson as Bryan** running mat*-.
The New York delegation deoided to vote for Hill Instead of Ivellar at the
last moment for just before entering the convention Croker stated to a Call
representative that Thomas F. Grady would place Mr. Kellar in nomination.
F.ut after boidins a confab in their reservation in convention hail. Tammany
and tbe delegate* from Kinps County united in an attempt to stampede the con
vention for Hill. It was nipped In the bud by Hill himself, who took the plat
form i-na announced that he could not take the nomination under any clrcura-
Ounlo" 1« divided in regard to Croker's motive for attempting to force the
nomination upon Hill In spite of his expressed wishes. The general impression
here however, :s that l*e did It for the purpose of embarrassing Hill.
There was a dramatic Kese in the conception when Senator Thomas F.
GraiV- p:aced II"!'s carr.e before the delegates. During the whirlwind of ap
pau«=<? aid ch~ers which followed the announcement that New York would n^om
«"ai<* her farmer Seaator, Hill himself strode to Senator Grady's side and de
cided to be allowed to make his position known. Senator Grudy refused to
yield to Hill, and it was ciHy after nominating speeches had been made that Hill
wa« able to celiver a diplomatic speech, in which he gave the convention to un
derstand that if :t persisted in making him Bryan's running mate he would de
cl'.ne the nomination.
If it was the hope of Kill's sponsors that fc'.s refusal to accept the nomina
tion »-ou1d caufs hiin to be criticized they were disappointed. Stevenson, while
fce did rot ";iepire enthusiasm, vras looked upon by the convention as a safe
and conservative candidate, who would add to the Populist. Silver Republican
arid Chicago platform Democratic following of Bryan a portion of the Cleveland
vote, which left the party four years asjo.
Brvan'e irfiu^r.ce was exerted for Stevenson, and this insured his nomination
3*1 tne first ballot. At the end of the roll call Stevenson had received 568^
rotes.- BUI IPS votes, Towne 91% votes, while Elliot Danforth of New York,
former Governor Hogg of Texas. B. S. Carr of North Carolina and A. W. Patrick
cf Ohio received one vote each.
As socn as it -was seen that the nomination of Stevenson was inevitable the
Elates which hcA given complimentary votes to other candidates made haste
to join with the majority, thus making the nomination unanimous. It was
noticeable that the vote of Nebraska. Bryan's own State, was divided between
Eteverson and Tuvr.e. the nurnlr.ee of the Populists ar.d the idol of the Free Sil
ver liep-utlicsns. Towne got the 1km" s share of the vote and this was regarded
a* substantiating the report that Eryan wished to show his friendliness for
Towne. though he knew his nomination in a Democratic convention was Im
possible.
Townc'i defeat was a severe blow to the Silver Republicans, but they had
foreseen it ar.d had made up their minds to make the best of It. Towne him
s.?lf is preparing to withdraw from the field altogether, so that the Populists and
Silver Republicans may unite with the Democrats upon Bryan and Stevenson.
As socn as the convention had b*«n declare© adjourned all of the delegates,
who could do so, hurried to the railway station and Jeft for home. The heat
In Kansas City to-day has been very oppressive.
At the meeting of the national committee this afternoon James K. Jones
was re-efested chairman and all other officers were re-elected. Therefore the
easapafsa of 1900 will be fought by the karoo generals who conducted the campaign
Of 1*X. +¦
BY C G. CARLTON.
After Defeat Towne Prepares to
Withdraw From the Field Alto
gether, So That Populists and
Silverites Man Unite With the
Democrats Upon Bryan and
Stevenson.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJJ/S" 7, 1900.
SEVERE BLOW TO THE SILVER REPUBLICANS
DA IAIN iLilAoil,IJ
WITH OUTCOME
LINCOLN, July 6.— Mr. Bryan reiter
ated to-day that* he was unable as yet to
outline his programme for the coming
campaign. He did not know when a con
ference with the- National Committee
would be held in regard to the matter.
Mr. Bryan had a number of callers to-day,
all coming to extend congratulations and
express gratification over his nomination.
There was more real Interest locally in
the outcome of the struggle for second
place on the ticket than in Mr. Bryan's
nomination. When the bulletin came an
nouncing the selection of Hon. Adlal E.
Stevenson, Mr. Bryan experessed his
pleasure and soon afterward dictated the
following:
"Mr. Stevenson is an excellent man for
the place. He supported the ticket In 1S96
and can defend tne platform of 1900.
Towne would have strengthened the
ticket in the States where there is fusion
between the Democrats, Populists and
Silver Republicans, but the support given
Mr. Stevenson in the convention shows
that Mr. Stevenson is a more available
¦man. The choice has fallen upon one
who is in every respect worthy of the
position."
Mr. Bryan then sent the following tele
gram:
LINCOLN. Nebr.. July 6.— Hon. Adlal E.
Stevenson, Bloomlngton, 111.: Accept congratu
lations upon your nomination. It was a de
served recognition of party service. >!
XV. J. BRYAN.
All through the day telegrams of con
gratulation poured In upon the Presiden
tial candidate.
Among Mr. Bryan s early callers were
H. B. Paul and J. S. Smith of New.'Jer
sey, who came in from Kansas City this
morning. They told Mr. Bryan that they
were hopeful of carrying that State for
him and they believed New York without
doubt would go Democratic. Mr. Bryan
this evening received the following tele
gram :
MINNETOKA BEACH, Minn., July 6.—Ac
cept my congratulations upon your unanimous
nomination.? ADLAI E. STEVENSON.
Mr. Bryan said he expected a number of
visitors, some prominent in the councils of
the Democratic party, beginning to-mor
row and continuing this week. He would
not specify -who they were.- People !n
Lincoln are predicting a crowd from Kan
sas City after the adjournment of ' the
National Convention, and preparations
are already- going forward for some sort
cf a local demonstration.
Tillotson of Kansas City chairman and
Genera! E, S. Corser of Minnesota secre
tary and treasurer. The selection of an
executive committee was deferred. Sen
ator Dubois offered a resolution pledging
the support of the Silver Republicans to
A dial E. Stevenson, but there was oppo
sition and action was postponed until
after a conference with the committee
appointed by the Democratic Convention.
Mr. Towne was followed by Delegate
Shafroth of Colorado, who favored sup
porting the ticket nominated by the Dem
ocratic Convention. Meanwhile the great
est confusion prevailed. Delegates gath
ered in groups on the floor and excitedly
discussed the situation. • Senator Dubois
was recognized and said:
"While there are manysad hearts here,
no one feels more keenly than my
self the disaster which has overtaken us
to-day. But we must view it as our
leader, Charley Towne. wants us to. I
move that the whole question be left to
the committee with plenary powers."
Amid much confusion the previous ques
tion was called for. It was . on Senator
Dubois' motion and by an almost unani
mous vote lt - was carried and the conven
tion adjourned Bine die.
The national committee : of the Silver
Republicans organized by electing D. C.
He insisted that there was an Issue In
the coming election which towered above
men and he implored the convention to
look at it as he did. lie begged them to
remember that Bryan was still at the
head. The platform of the Democratic
party was almost identical, at least in
principle, with the platform of the Silver
Republican party.
While Mr. Towne was speaking several
attempts were made to Interrupt him with
questions. The convention howled down
these attempts until Mr. Towne yielded to
the question, after which Mr. Towne
again insisted that It was his wish that
the convention should not nominate him.
The convention gave Mr. Towne a most
respectful consideration and while he was
speaking it was evident that the con
vention was disposed to follow Mr.
Towne's advice and wishes.
"The Silver Republicans have made a
good fight," said Mr. Towne. "They have
been defeated, but it Is our duty to sup
port the ticket nominated by the Demo
cratic National Convention."
Said the Governor o Tennessee to the Governor of Texas,
PLATFORM ADOPTED BY
THE SILVER REPUBLICANS
3
Continued on Seventh Page.ESCAPE FROM KUMASSI
ACCOMPLISHED
Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson, Gov-
emor of the Colony, Loses
but Six of His Column.
LONDON, July 6.— The Colonial Office
has received a dispatch from the Governor
of the Gold Coast Colony, Sir Frederick
Mitchell Hodgson, dated Atekwaute, June
26, saying that owing to the non-arrival
of the relief column and the reduction of
the food Eupply he had decided to push
through the rebels and had deceived the
enemy regarding the route followed. The
column suffered great privations, but the
loss was only six men killed and several
wounded, i Governor Hodgson expressed
the hope of reaching the Gold Coast in
ten days. He added that the suffering at
Kumasst was terrible, the mortality from
starvation being thirty persons per day.
The column of the Governor numbers ¦KK)
and includes all the Europeans, among
them being members of the mission.
FIFTY PERSONS KILLED
BY POWDER EXPLOSION
Magazine at Mukden, Russia, De
stroyed With Terrible Loss
of Life.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 6.— An official
dispatch from Nikolelky, dated July 1.
says that fifty persons were killed by an
explosion of powder at Mukden. .
Temll Again Wins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— One more of the
many charges against Samuel B. Terrlll.
the young attorney, was wiped out to
day, when Judge Rhodes sustained the
objection of the defendant to the admis
sion of the note in evidence upon which
the alleged forgery in the Ann Smith case
was predicated. This was the eighth trial
for Terrlll, and was the outcome of busi
ness transactions had between Mrs. Ann
Smith, an aged lady of New Almaden,
and the defendant, In which $350 is said to
have been exchanged for a bogus note
and mortgage.
•
To Curtail Cotton Product.
FALL RIVER, Mass.', July 6.—The sell-
Ing committee of the local Cotton Manu
facturers* Association estimates that by
next Monday 2,000,000 spindles will have
joined the movement to curtail production
for four weeks between July 9 and Sep
tember 17. This means a reduction of
about a million pieces and a loss of, half
a million dollars, in wages to 19,000 opera
tives. •
Claims That the Government Ha3
Prevented Many Citizens From
Obtaining Justice.
PARIS, July 8— A disgraceful scene oc
curred In the Chamber of Deputies to-day.
M. Lascies (Nationalist), noted for his ex
treme views, interpellated the Government
upon the pressure which he alleged was
put on the Judiciary by the Government
in order to prevent many citizens from
obtaining Justice. He instanced the suit
of Major Fritsch against M. Urbain
Gohier. based on the latter's article in
the Aurore. stigmatizing Fritsch as a
felon. ,/ .. . ,
Fritsch is the officer who was dismissed
from the general staff by General the
Marquis Galifet, the former Minister of
War. for divulging the Temps' letters.
The hearing of this suit was postponed
by order of the Government because it
would result in Inconvenient revelations.
M Lascies was several times called to
order and finally, at the request of M.
Deschanel. President of the Chamber,
the house voted a refusal to hear him.
This action created an uproar and M.
Deschanel was compelled to suspend tne
sitting. M. Lascies. who remained in the
tribune, emphatically declared he would
The' Deputies left the benches, shouting
mutual recriminations and violently ges-
The "premier, M. Waldeck-Rousseau,
Fhouted to the Leftists. "You are trait
ors'"
a' Socialist Deputy retorted. "Get out,
M Lascies, pointing to M. Waldeck-
Rousseau. who, with the Ministers, was
yet in the hall, cried, "He is a Judas,
• M Lascies then descended from the
'tribune, elbowed his way through the
throng of Deputies and tried to strike M.
Waldeck-Rousseau, but some of the Depu
ties held him back.
The ushers intervened and separated the
belligerent parties. M. Lascies then re
gained the tribune.
In the meanwhile similar scenes were
occurring in the lobby. Cards and the
names of seconds were exchanged be
tween several Deputies. Including M.
Lascies and M. Odion "Harriot (Republi
can).
After the session had been suspended
for half an hour business was resumed.
| The Deputies In returning found M. Las
cles still In the tribune. ,M. Deschanel
! asked him to leave and he replied with
I reproaching M. Deschanel for not safe
! puardinK liberty of speech. But he
finally descended and the Chamber then
voted, shelving his motion, and quiet was
restored.
| California's oil output is 15,000 barrels a
1 flay-
M. LASCIES CREATES A
SCENE IN FRENCH CHAMBER
Mining Camp Burned.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. July 6.— Fire thra
morning destroyed the greater portion of
the small mining camp of McCabe. twenty
miles from Prescott. The only business
houses left In the place are C. W.
French's and George Flammer's stores
and the Cabinet saloon. The fire Is sup
posed to have been of Incendiary origin.
The loss Is about $7000.
FIRST CAVALRY TO
GO TO PHILIPPINES
HOP-GROWERS ORGANIZE.
Detachment at Fort Myer, Virginia,
Is Also Booked to Go to
the Islands.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— Although the
War Department officials will not admit
It. it is practically settled that the First
lieRiment of Cavalry will be the next rog
imt-nt sent to the Philippines for the relief
of volunteer troops. The regiment is now
stationed in the \\>=t. The cavalry de
tachment at Fort Myer. Va., is also book
ed for an e*rly departure for the Phlllp
j;nt-s. It compri5es troops B. G. H and
J of the Tnird Cavalry, together with the
regimental band. Thf- other squadrons of
this regiment are already in the Philip
pines.
Other troops supposed to be destined for
the Philippines for possible diversion into
China are the home battalion of the Sec
ond Infamry at Fort Thomas and Colum
bus barracks; the home battalion of the
Fifth Infantry at Fort Sh'-rldan and the
home battalion of thr Eighth Battery at
Fort Snelling. Minn. Their places will be
supplied by the Cuban battalions of the
regiments named, the excess being used
no far as possible for supplying the gar
risons in New York. Vermont and Geor-
Kia vacated by the prospective departure
cf the Fifteenth Infantry for the Philip
pines.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 6.— The transport
Lennox sailed this evening for Manila,
via Nagasaki, wiih 5uO horses and mules
for the Sixth Cavalry. It is understood
that if the situation demands it, the Len
iiox will land her livestock at a Chinese
I>ort.
Will Attempt to Begnlate the Supply
and Keep Up Prices.
SANTA ROSA. July 6— A meeting of
hop-growers of this State was held here
to-day and the California Hop-growers'
Association formed. The convention was
tailed to order by \V. E. Lovdal of Sac
ramento. Elwood Bruner of Sacramento
Ftated the method of organizing and aft
«rward offered a resolution that the
growers proceed to organize, which was
adopted. A number of delegates were
j> resent.
The object of the association will be to
Improve the hop industry, regulate the
supply and demand and maintain fair
prices. S**ven directors were elected. They
are: C. It. Farmer and J. Purrington.
Santa Itosa; \Y. E. Lovdal and G. C.
Brewer, Sacramento; C. R. Rogers, Wat
sonville; E. C. Riggs. Lakeport; L. J.
Fine, I'kiah. To make contracts of the
association binding 75 per cent of the hop
itcreage of California must be secured.
The directors elected Purrington of Santa
Rosa chairman of the temporary organi
zation. They will meet at Sacramento the
lirst Saturday in August.
Chewed a Bomb.
Special Dispatch to The Cr.!!.
SAN JOSE. July 6.— A three-year-old
pen of Joseph Orlgha, a <rook at Slavlch's
restaurant, was the victim of a peculiar
accident yesterday. The Origha family
lives at 153 Orchard street, and the little
follow, while playing In the yard. In some
manner secured possession of a Fourth of
July bomb. Somehow the child managed
to get the explosive Into Its mouth and
then tried to munch It, and the result was
a explosion In his mouth. The mother
was much frightened at the appearance
<:f hrr child as he lay bleeding and smok-
I'ir from the mouth, but It was found that
the injury was not as serious as was at
first feared. The inner portion of the
mouth was badly burned, but no perma
nent disfigurement will result.
«
Officers Installed.
Sr^clal Dispatch to The Ca'.l.
SAN JOSE. July 6.— The Fraternal Aid
Society has installed the following olB
ccra for the ensuing term: President,
William II. Johnson; vice president, Mrs.
F. II. Hus=ted: treasurer. Edward Lenz:
chaplain. Bertha Rice; sergeant-at-arms,
O. A. Clark; mistress-at-arms, Mrs.
Henry Van Dalsem; inner doorkeeper,' J.
T. Lawson; outer doorkeeper, George
FwlnK; finance committee — G. C. de
>;ulo«). K. Schlaudt; trustees — F. M.
Thomas, 13. Lenz.
River Improvements Suggested
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦WOODLAND. July 6.— Commissioner of
Public Works Ryan and Government F.n
gineer Heuer have Indorsed reenmn""'"
tlons for certain river Improvement*
recommended by a former Commissioner
that are of great Importance to Yolo
County. These improvements lnvolv*
channel corrections in the vicinity of
Grays Bend and the effect will be to ma
terially lower the high-water line by elim
inating head resistance to flood water,
shorten the steamer line and make it easy
to construct and maintain levees In the
vicinity of. Grays Bend.
NINE STRAIGHT FOR CHICAGO.
No Break in the Orphans' String of
Victories.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— VT. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....39 21 -SSot Cincinnati ..23 33 .46S
rhllaxlelphla.35 27 .565|Uoston 26 33 .4U
IMttsburg ...31 29 .540 St. Louis 2.. 34 .414
Chicago. 33 29 .6«lNew York....21 37 .362
CHICAGO, July «.— Hamilton's mlsjudfrment
of a difficult fly and a clean muff of another
helped Chtcago to two runs, the other four aria
ln«r from clean hitting. Boston could do noth
\n* with Griffith until the ninth, when they
hit him for three singles and a double. At
tendance, 1400. Score :
Clubs- **" **• E 2
Chicago 5 " 1
Boston * '
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue; Cuppy and
Sullivan. _____
CINCINNATI, July 6.— Kltson duplicated
Nops' performance of yesterday and shut the
Cincinnati out with one hit. Sttmmel ™s
easy for the Champions. Attendance, 1400.
Score :
Clubs- **• "• E j
Cincinnati J .\ I
Brooklyn 10 " x
Batteiles— Stlmmel and Peltz; Kltson and
McGuire
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— The Phlladelphias
bunched their hits at opportune times. St.
Louis outbatted the visitors, but their hlta
were badly scattered. Attendance, 900. Score.
Clubs- **. H. E.
Ft. Louis * " i
Philadelphia 10 10 *
Batteries— Hughey and Robinson; Donohue
and McFarland.
PITTS BURG. July 6.— Pittsburg-New York
game postjxmed; rain.
American League Games.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 6.— Indianapolis 8. De
tr KANSAS CITY, July 6.— Kansas City 9, Mln
"IbUKFaLo, July 6.— Buffalo 0, Cleveland S.
HOWELIi DEFEATED.
American Oarsfnan Beaten at Hen
ley Owing to Poor Condition.
HENLEY, July 6.— Showers ushered in
the final day of the great English rowing
matches. The attendance was far below
the average. The rumors which were
abroad early as to the indisposition of the
amateur champion. B. H. Howell, the
American were unfortunately confirmed
by the result of the final heat for the
ticulls. in which he was defeated by E. G.
Hemmerde of Oxford by three quarters of
a length, after a spirited contest which
so exhausted the American sculler that he
fell out of his boat and would have been
drowned but for prompt assistance from
the umpire's boat. The time was 8 min
utes 42 seconds. ' „ ,,
In the final heat of the Grand Challenge
cup Leander beat Trinity College. Cam
bridge, after a magnificent race. Time, 7
minutes 6 seconds. In the Thames Chal
lenge cup, final heat, Trinity College.
Cambridge, beat Dublin University. Bad
steering, due partly to the wind, lost the
Irishmen the event, which was. won by
one-third of a length. Time, 7 minutes
23 seconds.
In the Stewards Challenge cup Lean
der beat Trinity College, Cambridge, by
one and a quarter lengths. Time, 7 mm
i In the Visitors' Plate Trinity College,
Cambridge, beat Magdalen College, Ox
ford, by two and a half lengths. Time, 7
minutes 53 seconds.
In the final of the Ladies' Challenge
plate New College. Oxford, beat Eton by
half a length. Time, 7 minutes IS sec
onds.
Trinity Hall, Cambridge, won the final
heat of the Wyford Challenge cup, defeat
ing the Kingston Rowing Club by two and
a half lengths. Time, 8 minutes 4 seconds.
• The Silver Goblets were won by C. J. G.
Goldle and G. M. Maitland of Trinity Col
lege. Cambridge, who beat W. Dudley
"Ward and R. B. Etherington-Smlth of the
same college by two and a half lengths.
Time. 8 minutes 33 seconds.
WINS TN ONE ROITND.
Maher Disposes of Steve O'Donnell
in Short Meter.
NEW YORK, July 6.— Peter Maher
knocked out Steve O'Donnell In the first
round of what was to have been a twen
ty-flve-round bout at the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-night. The bout lasted only
one minute and forty-eight seconds. In
that time O'Donnell was knocked down
three times. ; :.: ¦
Maher at the outset cornered O'Don
nell and dazed him with a rap on the jaw.
O'Donnell clinched. After breaking. Ma
her rushed and sent his man down like
a log. O'Donnell scrambled -to hla feet
and as he put up his hands he got a
swing on the neck and fell on his back.
He arose slowly and Maher rushed at him
and smiled as he whipped a right to the
Jaw. O'Donnell btaggered, and, as he
was falling. Maher landed on- him atraln.
. The. referee stopped further proceedings
and awarded the fight to Maher.
WORLD'S RECORD LOWERED.
Voter Heels Off Six Furlongs in
1:12 1-5 at Brighton Beach.
NEW YORK. July 6.— This was the
opening day of the season at Brighton
Beach. The race of the day was the first,
in which the crack sprinter Voter ran the
six furlongs in 1:12 1-5 and broke the rec
ord for all circular tracks. He went
through his field like a flash and won just
as he pleased amid the cheers of the
crowd. Results:
Six furlongs — Voter won. Firearm second. Lew
Krait third. Time, 1:12 1-5.
•Five furlongs, selling— Screech won. Educate
second, Maxlmus third. Time. 1:01 4-5.
Six furlongs, the Montauk— Commando ¦won.
Crrsson second. Bedeck third. Time. 1:14 3-5.
Seven furlongs, the Saragossa — Belle of Lex
ington won. Her Ladyship second. Motley
third. Time. 1:27 2-5.
One and a sixteenth miles — Herbert won.
Jan:es second. Mayor Gilroy third. Time.
1:17 2-5.
One and a sixteenth miles, s«eninK— Maximo
Gomez won. Rare Perfume second; LJadula
third. Time, 1:54.
CHIC4GO. July 6.— Modrlne was the
only winning favorite at Washington
Park to-day. Results:
Six furlonits — Modrlne won. The Lady in
Blue second. Parmenlon third. Time. 1:13%.
Five furlon&s — Likeness won. Kid Cox second.
Small Jack third. Time, 1:01%.
One and a sixteenth miles, selllnx— Esplonajr*
won. Catastrophe second. Red Pirate third.
Time. IMS**.
One mile — Silver Garter won. Honeywood sec
ond, George Kratz third. Time, 1:14%.
Sever, and- a half furlongs, selling— Tuthlll
wen. Star Chime second, Chappaqua third.
Tlmo. l:3«i.
One mile — I.lvadla won. Ldmerlck second.
Great Land third. Time, 1:39%.
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— Results at the Fair
Grounds:
Mile and seventy yards, nelllns— Celtic Bard
won, Forget Not second, Crossmollna third.
Time. 1:46%.
Five furlongs, maiden two-y«ar-olds— The
Butcher won. Walla secend, Scorpolette third.
Time, 1:03%.
Five furlongs, selling; two-year-olds— Money
Muss won, Zack Ford second, Orleans third.
Time, l:02H-
One mile — Annie Oldfleld won, Maude Wallace
second. Tlckful third. Time. 1:02%.
Six furlongs, selling— Randazzo won. Cotton
Plant second. Lexell third. Time. 1:15.
Six and a half furlcyiRs. selllns— E!*ht Bells
won. Grant Or second. Macon third. Time. 1:22.
FIGHT IN CONVENTION HALL.
KANSAS CITY. July 6.— In Convention
Hall, where the Democratic hosts have
assembled for tour days past, there was a
marked change of scene to-night- The
thousands of handsomely gowned women
have disappeared. On the platform
where but a few hours previously states
men of national prominence had faced
cheering thousands, the tables and chairs
had given way to a squared rlnfc. In which
Oscar Gardner and Eddie Santry of Chi
cago appeared for a twenty-round go.
About 3000 admirers of the manly art
gathered to witness the contest of the
featherweights.
The so-called fight was a more or less
gentle contest, which terminated In a de
cision by George Slier in favor of Santry
at the end of the stipulated twenty
rounds. Both men came out of the fight
as fresh as they entered It. and aside
from a swing by Santry on Gardner's sore
left eye, which opened up the old wound
and another swing on Gardner's right eye'
which started the blood a little, there was
nothing In the fight that approached hard
jolting. Santry was the aggressor, but
most of his blows were blocked
The real pugilistic event of the evenlnr
was a rattling preliminary In which Bobbv
Quade of Kansas City knocked out Tom
my Redman of Chicago in the second
round. They met for ten rounds.
Working Force Reduced.
VALL.EJO. July 6— Tile allowance for
the steam engineering department this
month has been cut down $10,000, which
necessitated the discharge of forty me
chanics Thursday and sixty more Friday
The discharged men were employed In the
metal working trades.
Benefit for Slater.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
S^* J0 F- July 6 -Harry Slater, the
pugilist who broke his arm In his recent
encounter with Jack Ortega, will be ten
dered a benefit Monday evenine Amnn\r
KranVffiWT 111 W* T ™ K& rfoffSS
BaS anf^l?"^- Youn *
Nominees Popular'In Yolo.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, July 6._The Democrats
of lob express great satisfaction with
o«i a i! on . of Bl> y an and Stevenson,
m n inH?J^ d & lns an ol <*-time Democratic
majority in this county.
Candidate for West Point.
LOS ANGELES. July 6. - Senator
wSffli '¦S a 5 d naa 8Cle «ted Hugh L.
infrnn^i of . A f gdesto as Ms candidate for
Academy' est Point MUUar y
LEXIXGTOX, Ky., July 6. — Starter James B. Ferguson Is dying here to
night at High Oaks Sanitarium, where he was taken a few days ago on hla
return from Louisville, where he had placed himself in the care of phy
sicians. His ailment is the result of an old wound inflicted in a fight
here some years ago. The bullet was carried in his body for years and
until removed recently In California. His son, Garnett Ferguson, arrived to-night
from San Francisco and his daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Phil Chlnn,
who are in New York, have been notified to come at once to his bedside.
NEW YORK, July 6.— News has been
received from Rome that the Popt
has excommunicated J. Rene Vil
latte, at one time the head of the
Old Catholics in this country,
whose submission to the Roman church
was announced about two years ago. The
Catholic authorities had refused to recog
nize Villatte's title to an archbishopric,
and there was a rupture which caused
him to leave Rome and go to France. The
act for which Villatte was excommuni
cated was the consecration as Bishop of
an Italian ex-priest known as Don Ml
raglia.
PARIS, July 6. — An American who
styles himself "J. Renatus, Archbishop,"
has for some months set the church au
thorities of Paris by the ears. The fol
lowing circular issued by Cardinal Rich
ard, Archbishop of Paris and Primate of
France, to his clergy on April 1, will ex
plain how:
Archbishop's Circular.
"It has come to my knowledge that Mr.
Villatte, who calls himself an American
bishop, has performed, to my annoyance,
two sacerdotal ordinations in Paris and
has given to them the license with which
ecclesiastics are provided. I have been
informed by the holy office that Mr. Vil
latte has not received any authority nor
jurisdiction from the Sovereign Pontiff.
In consequence, if any of the ecclesiastics
are presented to you, you will not permit
them to celebrate the mass in your
church."
To this Villatte. who has established
himself in a mansion surrounded by a
garden and containing a chapel, on the
Boulevard Pereire. where he dispenses
hospitality and spiritual aid to American
visitors, replies:
Vilatte's Reply.
"As you question my archtepiscopal
character, I Inform you that I have been
legitimately consecrated Archbishop and
that I have the proof at your disposal.
In regard to the ordinations, you were
not informed of them, because I have an
abundance of personal authority, which
makes my ordinations valid. Moreover, I
performed four ordinations, not two. and
1 have only licensed those ordained to say
mass in my chapel and not in churches
where you are master. You say further
that you are informed by the holy of
fice that I have received no power from
the Sovereign Pontiff. You are badly in
formed. I have made complete submis
sion to Rome. By this act alone I have
regained possession of temporalities, ac
cording to the example of the bishops of
the first aces. It has pleased your Eml
! nence to declare me a dissenter from
| Rome, but I declare myself to be in unity
with Jesus Christ and the Holy Koman
Catholic and Apostolic church."
Villattc claims that his reconciliation
with Rome took place April 2, 1S92.
Pretender's Identity.
Archbishop Villatte Is known all over
the United States and in Canada and Eng
land as "J. Rene Villatte." He was the
leader of what has been termed the "Old
Catholic movement" in this country, and
was at one time the head of a secession
of Polish Catholics In Wisconsin.
The following sketch of his life was
grfven to the press by his adherents:
: "Archbishop Villatte was born in Paris
forty years apo (which would make him
forty-six at this writing), and was edu
cated for the Roman priesthood, coming
to 'America in 1878. while pastor of the
Church of Calvary at Green Bay, Wis.,
he became convinced that the doctrine
of Papal infallibility was an error, and
went to Switzerland, where he was or
dained' deacon by the Old Catholic, Bish
op of that country.
"Returning to Wisconsin, he went to
work In a one-story cottage at Little
Sturgeon, one side of which was used as
a chapel and the other as the priest's
official residence, furnished with boxes
and barrels for chairs, and hay and an
old carpet for a bed. He lived there a
whole winter on cheese and bread. His
congregation grew rapidly and finally a
church was built, and then another and
another. Then came the revolt of the
Polish churches, and Villatte established
himself at Cleveland, Ohio, where he pro
posed to become the Pope of a church
which should make that city as important
as Rome itself."
Expoused Various Creed3.
According to the claims of the Catholic
press Villatte was successively a Calvln
ist. an Episcopalian, an Old Catholic, a
follower of Dollinger, of Pere Hyaclnthe,
the Metropolitan of Malabar, "whose re
ligion Is a mixture of Nestorianism and
Buddhism, and who is shunned by Cath
olic, Greek and Anglican clergymen."
While in Asia he became Interested in
reform, and issued a catechism which
the Roman Archbishop of Colombo de
clared to contain seventy heresies. Cath
olic leaders in this country say that
Villatte was consecrated Archbishop by
the schlpmatlc Metropolitan of Antloch.
in Asia Minor. The best Informed of VII
latte's supporters claimed that he had re
ceived his archlepiscopal rank from the
Archbishop of Goa, Ceylon, who conferred
on him the title "Archbishop of Amer
ica."
STARTER JAMES B. FERGUSON.
CHOSEN TO SERVE
ON COMMITTEES
KANSAS CITY. July 6.— The following I
committees have been named to notify i
William Jennings Bryan and Adlal K.
Stevenson of their nomination and to
manage the campaign:
National Committee.
Alabama— H. D. Clayton, •
Arkansas— James I*. Clarke.'
California— M. F. Tarpey.
Colorado — Adalr Wilson.
Connecticut— Humer S. Cummlngs.
Delaware — It. I\ Kennedy.
Florida — Georje P. Kaney.
Georcia— Clark Unwell.
Idaho-E. N. YHUe.
Illinois— Thomas Fahan.
Iowa — Charles A. Wnlsh.
• Indiana— Thomas F. Taggart.
Kansas — J. O. Johnson.
Kentucky— I'rry WoodMO
Louisiana— X. C. Blnnchard.
Maine— Arthur Bewail. ¦
Maryland— A. P. Gorman.
Massachusetts — GeortCf Fred Williams.
Michigan— D. J. Campau.
Minnesota— Thoman D. O'Brien.
Misslpsirrl-A. J. Russell.
Missouri— \V. J. Stone.
Montana — John S. M. NelH.
Nebraska — Jame« C. Dalman.
Nevada— Joseph R. Ryan.
New Hampshire— True I* Norris.
New Jersey— William B. Gorlay.
New York — Norman E. Mack. ' • •
North Carolina— Josephus Danlela.
North Dakota— J. B. Eaton.
Ohio— John R. McLean.
Oreson— Not elected.
Pennsylvania— R. it. Guffey. e !
Rhode Island — George \V. Green.
South Carolina — Benjamin R. Tillman.
South Dakota— Marls Taylor.
Tennessee— J. M. Head.
Texas— R. M. Johnston.
Utah— D. C. Dunbar.
Vermont— J. H. Seuter.
Vlrrinia— Peter J. Otey.
Washington— \V. H. Dunphy.
West Virginia— John T. McGraw.
Wisconsin— Timothy E. Ryan.
Wyomlnr— John E. Osborne.
Alaska— Louis L. Williams.
Arizona— John B. Breathitt.
Indian Territory— Thomas Marcum.
New Mexico— H. B. Ferguson.
Oklahoma— Contest.
District of Columbia — Contest.
Hawaii— W. H. Cormoell.
To Notify Mr. Bryan.
The following constitute the committee
to notify the Presidential nominee:
Alabama— C. L. Lavreta.
Arkansas— Jefferson Davis.
California— R. F. del Valle.
Colorado— James Doyle.
Connecticut— Bryan F. Mahan.
Delaware — E. D. Hearne.
Florida— J. Emmet Wolfe.
Georcia-J. E. Hill.
Idaho— Colonel W. H. Dewey.
Illinois— Andrew Welsh.
Iowa— A. M. Potter.
Indiana— W. H. O'Brien.
Kansas— S. F. Neely.
Kentucky— R. L. Suter.
Louisiana— E. Howard McCabe.
Maine — John' Scott.
Maryland— E. J. Chriijty.
Massachusetts— John J. O'Garra.
Michigan— J. R. Whltln*.
Minnesota— C. O. Baldwin.
Mississippi— W. D. Cameron.
Missouri— D. M. Ball.
Montana— Walter Cooper.
Nebraska— J. A. Creishton.
Nevada— V: G. Newlands.
New Hamoshlre— J. F. Dowd.
New Jersey— Georre Pfelffer Jr.
New York— Frank H. Mott.
North Carolina— J. A. Brown.
North Dakota— H. D. Albert.
Ohio— M. A. Doucnerty.
Orecon — B. M. Veateh.
Pennsylvania— John S. Rollins.
Rhode Island— D. J. McCarthy.
South Carolina— W. B. Wilson.
Pouth Dakota— T. W. Taubman.
Tennessee— W. W. Wallace.
Texas— William Campass.
Utah— A. H. Farbst.
Vermont— John W. McGeary.
Virginia— P. H. O'Bannan.
Washington— W. A. Mosler.
" West Vlrtlnia— T. E. Chllton.
Wisconsin— George Hilton. r -'. \ .
Wyoming— Horace C. Alices.
Alaska— W. M. Hale.
Arizona— B. A. Packard.
Indian Territory— James Gibbon.
New Mexico— Marcarlo Gallesos.
Oklahoma— H. 8. Emerson.
District of Columbia— J. Fred K*lly.
Hawaii— Prince David Kawananakoa.
Vice Presidential Committee.
The following committee will notify the
Vice Presidential nominee:
Alabama— F. M. Tankersly.
Arkansas— A. R. Pkillen.
California— William McFadden.
Colorado— A. T. Gunnell.
Connecticut— William L. Huntingdon.
Delaware— L. H. Harrington.
Florida— R. D. McDonald.
Georgia— George T. Cann.
Idaho— W. B. McFarland.
Illinois— Reed Green.
Indiana— M. N. Hathaway.
Iowa— E. N. Murtagh.
, Kansas— W. W. Letson.
Kentucky— W. P. Thorn.
Loulsana — E. Howard McCobb.
Maine— Harry D. Stewart.
Maryland— John Keating.
Massachusetts— Charles D. tiewls.
Michigan— A. A. Ellis.
Minnesota — Humphrey Barton.
Mississippi— J, T. Senter.
Missouri— W. B. Leeper.
Montana— F. E. Corbett.
Nebraska— Jonas Welsh.
Nevada — George Frazler.
New Hampshire— J. F. Dowd.
• New Jersey— David Crater.
New York— M. N. Kane.
North Carolina — Lemenuel . Harvey.
• North Dakota — Thomas Reacan. -..--.'
Ohio— R. I.. -Rockwell.
Oregon— (Not selected).
Pennsylvania — William S. Thomai.
Rhode Island— Geprge W. Greene.
South Dakota — Stephen Donahue.
South Carolina— J, A. Mooney.
i Tennessee— E.M/Holmes.
Texas— J. W. Blake.
Utah— A. G. Home.
Vermont — J. W. McGearr.
' Virginia— Pannill Rucker.
Washington— J. W. Goodwin.
West Virginia— J. B. West.
Wisconsin — F. B. Hoskina.
¦Wyoming: — R. A. Keenan.
' Alaska— William M. Hale.
¦ Arizona— George W. ¦ P. Hunt.
v Indian Territory— James Glvena.
New Mexico— Maearlo Gallegos.
Oklahoma— T. L. Hill. -
, District of Columbia— K. «U iord.;. u>: \r; ,
Hawall-J oha IL \Y1e*
POPE EXCOMMUNICATES
PRETENDER VILLATTE
Claimed Title to an Archbishopric and
Sought to Consecrate an Ex-
Italian Priest.
Bpectel Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, June €.— Society at Bo
linas is stirred up over the elope
ment of beautiful Miss Josie Garcia and
Albert Reynolds of Olema. this county.
The young lady in question belongs to one
of the oldest Spanish families In the
county and has long been famous for her
Furjiassiiig beauty. She was raised at
Olema.; the home of her family, and is
about 17 years of age. Mr. Reynolds,
the gallant lover, is a hard-working young
man who was raised in this county. It
appears that the present disappearance of
the your.g people is due to close and long
acquaintance. Miss Garcia's parents ob
jected to the suit of Mr. Reynolds upon
the ground of the extreme youth of the
young iady and the lijjancial condition of
the prospective proom.
Bevi rai month? ago Miss Garcia went
to Boiinas to visit some friends and Mr.
Reynolds was also a frequent visitor at
that town. On the night of the Fourth
a ball was priven at JJruids' Hall in Bo
linas ar.d among the young ladies who
lent charm to the occasion was Miss Gar
cia. Mr. Reynolds was also there.
From the developments in the case It
appears that Mrs. Guadaloupe Garcia, the
firi"s mother, suspected the meeting of
The young people at the ball and conse
quently drove all the way from Olema for
the purpose of frustrating any plans the
young folks may have formed. Mrs. Gar
cia drove to Mrs. I-a Joran's home,
whore her daughter was staying. Just
what happened will perhaps never be
known. Humor has it that a desperate
liattle was fought between mother and
daughter, in which the ffirl's ball dress
was torn from her person. The mother
wa? afterward seen carrying the tattered
fcarmem in nor arms. The angry words
of the mother and the subsequent flight
of the younn lady are taken by their
friends to mean that something out of. the
ordinary has happened.
After the trouble between the mother
and daughter Ilc-ynolds. true to his role
as lover, took — some say stole — the girl
away and departed for the stage office,
whore arrangements were hastily made
for a conveyance to take them to San
Rafael in time to catch the 5:30 train for
Par. Francisco. With her baggage. Miss
Josie Garcia and Albert Reynolds, the
man of her choice, departed from Boli
ras at half-past 2 In the morning and
made the long journey over twenty-two
miles of the roughest mountain country
in this county.
It was a long ride and a ffist one, and
as the foamins horses and dust covered
ftage came Into the dopot In time for the
outgoing train more than one quiet citi
zen of this city asked himself "What's
up?"
Fince the time the young folks loft the
ftnee at tho San Rafael depot nothing is
known of their movements. Where they
went and how fortune has treated them
are questions to which dozens of their
lri'->nds wn-jld Hke to find an answer.
V. hr>n the young folks fir«t mot Rey
nolds was driving a s-tage at Olema. It
Is needless to say that since the ride
over Bolinas ridge the county knows him
rn more. Wherever fortune may send
him and the young lady, who by 'all tra
ditior.F of romance If now presumed to be
liis bride, it is= confidently predicted by
his friends that his two wiMIng hands
•will earn an honest living for himself and
the cirl of his choice. In the meantime
the young people will hrir.g comfort to
the hearts of a sorrowing mother and joy
to their friends if they will but send a
¦word as to tholr whereabouts.
Parents of the Girl Refused to Give
Their Consent to a Marriage Be
cause of Her Youtii and
Reynolds' Poverty.
Reynolds.
Pretty Josie Garcia of Olema
Elopes With Albert '„
MARIN BELLE
AND HER LOVER
ARE MISSING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEBANON. Ind., July 6.— Will F. Wood,
who gained wide notoriety in 1S9S through
his connection with the Pearl Bryan mur
der case, created a sensation by eloping
with Blanche Dally, only daughter of. A.
C. Daily, ex-Auditor ot'tlie otate, and
heiress to u big estate. Wood left here
.Monday evening announcing he intended
to visit his aunt at Lansing, Mien. Miss.
Dally iett Tuesday attenioon ostensibly
to spend the Fourth" In Indianapolis. They
met in Danville, 111., and were married
mat night.
Wooo/s father. Rev. D. H. "Wood, D. D.,
pastor of the .Centenary" Methodist Epis
copal Church, received a letter yesterday
breaking the news and stating they in
tended to go to Lansing on tnelr wed
ding trip. Mr. Daily received a telegram
announcing the event and immediately
took a tram out of town without telling
any one his destination. It is thought he
has gone to overtake them. He has op
posed the attentions of Wood . to hla
daughter and the couple have been meet
ing at the home of a prominent member
of Mr. Wood's congregation. Daily is a
man of determination and his friends say
ho has threatened to disinherit Blanche
if she married Wood. He is worth a half
million dollars and has but two heirs,
Blanche and her brother. Before leaving
Blanche secretly removed her wardrobe
from her home. It Is said Daily gave
orders to his housekeeper not to admit
Mr. and Mrs. Wood If they return.
After Wood got out of the Pearl Bryan
murder scrape in Covington, Ky., In 18%,
he enlisted in the navy and became a yeo
man on the battleship Iowa. He served
during the naval battles at Santiago with
credit. Was discharged last winter and
claims he. acted as reporter on a San
Francisco paper. He returned here last
February and was Immediately taken
into society and church circles. His first
meeting with Miss Dally took place at his
father's home and an Immediate attach
ment began. Miss Daily is 18 years of
age, well educated, accomplished, and haa
traveled extensively.
Bride Is the Daughter of
A. 0. Daily, a Wealthy.
Indiana Man.'
WILL F. WOOD
ELOPES WITH II
LEBANON GIRL
SANTA ROSA. July 6.— An unpleasant
affair marred to-day's programme at tre
race meet now being held In this city un
der the auspices of the Breeders' Asso
ciation. C. A. Durfee. the well-known
driver, became Involved In a dispute with
a groom by the name of Robert Thomp
son, better known as "Dusky Bob." and
while on the track In full view of (ha
spectators and judges, struck him a heavy
blow on the back of the bead with the
butt end of a whip, cutting? a bad gash.
Much excitement was created.
The trouble occurred during the last
race on the card, the 2:20 pace. Thomp
son 'was up behind Tou?hnut, George W.
Ford's entry. In place of J. C. Brooks,
the regular driver. Durfee had replaced
James Thompson, who had been sched
uled to drive Monica. It la claimed that
while away on the half "Dusky Bob"
struck Durfee's horse Beveral times across
the face with hl3 whip. At the finish
Durfee berated Thompson, whereupon the
latter became so abusive that Durfee
struck him. Thompson was taken into
town and the gash sewed up.
The Judges now have the matter under
consideration. The general opinion seems
to be that Durfee was as nearly Justified
as such conduct could be Justified on c
racecourse. He certainly had strong prov
ocation. ¦ a
For to-morrow an especially fine card
has been arranged, some of the best
horses on the coast being entered.
"With to-morrow night the meet will
come to a close. Summaries:
Special match, purse I20O, mils heats, two ta
three:
S. R. Dillon, by Sidney Dlllon-Blmcara.
(Abies) 2 1 1
Thomas R (Bunch) 1 2 X
Time— 2:30. 2:25. 2:31
8p«clal match, purse J200. mile heats, two la
three:
Electresa. by Nutwood Wlllces by Rich
ard Elector (Cecil) 1 I 1
Hazel D (Rama**) ~ i 1 1
Ttme-2:21. 1:21*4. 1:28%.
1:49 class trot, purse J~0. mils heats, t&rta
Santa Anita Star, by Guy Wllkea (MabenU l 1
Bob Ingersoll (Cecil) 3 2 a
Atherlne (Hidses) 2 7 2
Lady Me (Hogoboom) * * 7
Una K (Williams) 5 5 3
Janice (Simpson) » 3 4
Juan Chieo (Hellman) 7 « S
ruerto Rico (Hellman) S S »
Time— 2:16. 2:15. 2:15%.
Special for members of the Golden Gate Driv
ing Club, mil* heats, three In five:
W. Klngsbury's Lynall 3 12 11
H. Schwartz's Mattle B 1 2 4 2 2
D. Mlzr.er'a Harvey B 2 3 13 4
D. Croner"B Butcher Eoy 4 4 3 4 3
H. Patrick's Crescent r>lstanc"d
J. Cuicello's St»ve Pistanc»d
Time-2:15',. 2:16. I^L 2:1D. 2:20V».
Special 2:20 pace, purse JC30. mile heats, two
In three:
Queen, by Redond© (Hodges) 2 1 1
Montca (Thompson) 1 2 -
Toughnut (Brooks) 3 1 *
Imp (Park*) 4 .*. 4
Cock Robin (McGregor) 3 3 •
•Distanced.
Time— 2:13%. 2:19. 2:13\.
Excellent Itey's Sport Furnished by
the Trotting Horse Breeders'
Association Is Marred by
the Incident.
Driver Durfee Strikes a
Groom Across the Head
With His Whip.
DISGRACEFUL
SCENE OCCURS
ON RACETRACK
Well-Known Turfman's Ailmsnt the Result of
an Old Wound Received in a Fight at
Lexington Years Ago.
STARTER FERGUSON
DYING IN KENTUCKY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
4
J. RENE VILLATTE, WHO HAS BEEN EXCOMMUNICATED BY
THE POPE. •
AT> V K R.T IK KM"K MTM.
Women can keep secrets. yf^J^i
They often keep secret for j^<OL\Jr
a long time the fact that t^jfiSrn
they are suffering from J^/TSa^i
drains, inflammation, ulcer- \ T^lJS'k^'
ation, or female weakness. -/ffw<sLQ
But they can't keep the se- fQ(jjC§\
cret very long, because the yV^A^!?j
hollow eyes, cheeks that fJy£CM
have lost their freshness, and LyV(\£S(
the irritability which comes tTt^TTk'
from sorely tried nerves, all V^i^>»C
conspire to publish the sto- vjy \ £*
ry oi suffering. The usual /^i^^J?^
motive for such secrecy, *— »
dread of indelicate questions and offen-
sive examinations, is removed by Dr.
Pierce's methods. Diseases of the wom-
anly organs are perfectly cured by the
use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.
Sick women can consult Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., by letter free.
"Your wonderful medicine. 'Favorite Pre-
BeriptJon.'" writes Mrs. C. N. Anderson, of Rock-
bridge Baths. Rocfebridge Co.. Va., "is a God-
send to weak and sickly women, restoring good
health without subjecting their weak nerves to
the shock of an examination. I wa.» all run
down in health; could not work but a short ti::ie
without resting. Waa very nervous and had a
very poor appetite. / decided to write to Dr.
Pierce and state my case, and am thankful that I
did, for I receivea a favorable reply. I took sue
bottles of ' Favorite Prescription.' one of ' Cold-
en Medical Discovery, 1 and one vial of * PclTctV
and I can now work as well as I could before I
was taken sick. I think Dr. Pierce's medicine
the best in the world for sick and nervous
women. **
Avisr* OR JORDAN'S srsat,
OF ANATOMY*
1 gh un msxx; sv. ut ea* ». :.r . s± ,
\ 'EZf The Larjen Anatoaoical Museum in the
W jfivtfe^ World. Wt«ne"s« cr &iy contracted ,
V C? OJ> disease pcsi<l*el7 cared t>y the olaeu
ff fSffjLJS ipeualiwctttiv.Ccatt EitjSysai* '
6 Azi&l cr. joaawr-HuvArs diseases *
\ Vra2^3 .t«o«oH»t>on freo and itrirtly pr,wi:e \
JO I JEVftfn Tn ument penonaliy or by letter, a «
\ 0 If Mn **•"*»•• Cwr» la every case undertaken. \
AS* I \\ik Write far Book. P3iL0<tOl'U»«l *
" !i II ¦ADtlAGE, MA1LSO tSLLS. ' A r
X £ / J. valuable book for sica; \
7 OK. JfuttHAX A CO.; net Merket St. ,8. 9. YIU these days of qtilck travd snfl occasional contact of the "West and East
In sporting matters a Journey of a few thousandxmiles means nothing 1 . Kv
ery year sees a clash of arms between the representatives of both sections
of xhe country in some sport or other. Last year the four foremost tennis
men in the country came to the coast and tried the mettle of our local ex
perts. On Thursday Sumner and Sam
Hardy speeded eastward. They will
meet the best of the Middle "West at
• inn.. win. Chicago and then proceed to the far
,£g«£gig$§§|Kg5gw East for further honors.
r >*^"V^"'^^»/* S S k George Whitney, champion of the
r&M?^'**: >V'^V#£WV coast, and Robert N. Whitney will not
\ «fev> </% *S /^ r i '*** * *V\ make the trl P tnla year - WhlJe Georpe
Whitney la the undoubted champion and
V^l^^^^i^** ¦ r/*F?f*&$- best player on this coast. It la a ques-
W^^^^^^^r^t^t^/^^m "on whether he would represent the
coast better than Sumner Hardy, whoso
VWKW^WI playing has always been of a h!sh call
\^^^*w^^^^r# ber but ln late yea " not equal ln 8peed
S^^&m^**^^Mr¥ ° r accuracy to that of Whitney. Whlt
*\?^ ***f&**}L'*Y-f ney when playing his game Is the
* » ~%$&^^ strongest on the coast.
> °*>«- ,,„ UJ 1**$^ Tennis will be comparatively quiet
for a few weeks, until the next tournament at Del Monte ln August. Much talk
and argument is heard every day about the Fourth of July championship. The
general public was surprised at Sumner Hardy'9 defeat, knowing how well he
played at Del Monte, when he made Dwlght Davis hustle for five sets. But the
talent picked Whitney when the Collier-Hardy match was over, as Hardy had
all he could do to beat Collier 10-8 ln the second set. Whitney could at any
time in practice beat Collier easily 6-2. The tournament furnished several
more surprises-Hunt's defeat of Rob Whitney and Collier's defeat of Hunt.
Hunt and Whitney lost for the same reason. Thev both beat themselves by
their unsteadiness. O. Murdock ln his match with Hardy demonstrated the
fact that with good practice and training he might soon reach the first class.
This might also be said of Nicholson.
The Hardys will play In at least five tournaments and should make a good
showing, as their strokes are such as to be equally effective on grass or bitu
men. The Western double championship should be won by them, as there 13 no
team ln the Middle West to compare with the Eastern, and the Hardys proved
themselves equal to the best at Del Monte last September.
Four of the local players will visit the Santa Clara Club ln Santa Clara
shortly and play a round robin tournament, it is to be quite a social affair,
luncheon at noon and a dance at night. •
While in the East Sumner Hardy will write a series of tennis articles special
ly for The Call.
HARDYS OUT FOR
EASTERN HONORS
Store Closed.
Monday, July 9, I will open the assignee
sale of shoes. You can afford to wait un
til then, since your $1 will buy $2 worth
of shoes at 775 Market street, near Fourth.
F. C. Kelly, assignee. •
In the Divorce Court.
- Emma Shrakkart has been granted a di
vorce from Charles Shrakkart on the
ground of cruelty. '' Mrs. Shrakkart was
graried alimony in the sum of 545 a
mon"i. Suits for divorce on the ground of
desertion were filed yesterday by Georgia
Hubbard against W. W. Hubbard, W.W
Eager against , Ella Rose Eager, F. v!
Daniels against Hilmer Daniels and Mary
Reid against James £>. Reid.
Three hundred dollars" vrorth of ostrich
plumes. Bilk kimonos, handkerchiefs and
laces were seized yesterday as smuggled
goods on board the transport Sumner by
Customs Inspectors O'KelUey and Stone.
Smuggled Silks Seized.
SWIMMING MATCHES.
Following are the entries for aquatic
rj-^rts at Sulro Baths:
."n-yard <5ai«h. juvenile*— J. Shelton. Ft Hn-
Pian. E \\fl\p. C. Donovan. E. Klpp. W
Culne. \V. McGulre. C. Duke. E. McKeniie, J.
Mclntyr*. a. Rne. W. O'nrien, L. Greenan J
v Cr^- t , VV - T fimtth ' AV - I>l5U K an . G - Anderson]
J. Rar.kln. L. rinnely. K. Jorry, P- Bogen P
Punbcnr, P. lookwood, Ci. Irvine. F". Hushrs
J. I'atton. P. Luis. M. Patton.
Lnder- water swimming contest and divine
for plate* will bs cpen to all.
100-yard ra'-e. amateur*— F. Eunn A Bau
daln. C. Aucrastun. G. Mitchell. F. Hal.<=,.n E
Holl. G. Oruensan. C. Harzne*. J. Eraamy' L.'
ficptt. R. Riding, A. Reese. L,. Haywarda' M
Carroortr. E. ffmlth. H. Wllvert, G. Irving o'
Lowenberr. W. Carroll.
Triek and fancy eprtnirboard diving— I*. Cor
«*I1. F. Brown. L. Doud. P. Loffan, L. Bodle.
J. Haneen. D. illener. O. Krtljr, J. A. Jackson
J. Heckeu. P. R'.tter. W. Cook, G. Kelber. e!
Wrtle, T. Thompson, G. Chalmer.
Hieti diving for boy» open to all.
WILL BOX FOR CHARITY.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
render its charitable assistance, to the
widow and orphans of John Edward
Sweeney. On Tuesday evening, July 10, at
their clubrooms at 317 Sixth street, the
following excellent programme of four
round bouts will come off: Ed Jones vs.
Pete Fransen. 115 pounds: Jack Hart vs.
Kid Parker, 120 pounds; Al Whitman vs.
Hugh Friel, 123 pounds; Jim tittle vs.
Frank Wall. 123 pounds; Fred LUrsen vs.
Jim Waller. 133 pounds; Harry Classman
vs. Gus Salsbury. 140 pounds: William
Matheson vs. Jack Anderson, 140 pounds;
Ed Tomalty vs. Dick Anglecy, 145 pounds:
Frank Nlcholls vs. H. Schillings, 154
pounds, and Walter Moreno vs. Joe Long,
157 pounds.
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
The cricketers had an off day on July 4,
there being no game scheduled on the pro
gramme of the California Cricket Associa
tion, and the California* not being able
to get together a team and visit Santa
Cruz, where they had been invited by the
cricket club of the Santa Cruz Country
Club. To-morrow the Alameda eleven will
meet the Pacific team in the first of' the
lI ll r ir serlPS °f matches for <ihe pennant.
There will probably be no obstacle in
the way of making up a comblned^team to
visit Lake County during the Admission
day holidays. The secretary of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association has received
a communication from T. W. Beakbane,
secretary of the Bums Valley Cricket
Club, in which it is stated that the Burns
\ aJJey men will be pleased to play against
a city eleven on Sunday, September 9.
The Lakeport Cricket Club has already
promised to play on the 10th. and a Lake
County team will be made up from the
Burns V alley and LakeporJ; men to -play
on the 11th. The city players will leave
Ban Francisco on September 8, and if they
arrive too late to be taken by the Lower
Lake residents to their homes will spend
what remains of the night at the hotel.
They will, after playing three matches
r £ tur , n ,. t0 JL an F'nineisco on Wednesday
the 12th. There have been no matches be
tween San Francisco and Lake County
since 18S5, when a team of Lake County
men visited this city. The only basis for
a comparison of strength is the result of
the play against the Placer County eleven
in 1898. In that year the Lake County
"Within the past two weeks the cham
pions have made their greatest spurt of
the season, winning six out of seven
games. Notwithstanding the big lead the
other managers are still hopeful, for while
they acknowledge that the Sacramentos
are a strong aggregation, they feel that
luck has been with the champions. They
have won at least three games, one of
the last seven on errors of the most fla
grant an.l inopportune as well as of the
most costly character. Though the Fris
cos are still at the. tail end they have held
their own against every team except the
Sacramentos in all their recent meeting*.
And though they lost three straight to thn
champions they Rave a record of nine vic
tories out of the last sixteen games
played. They have lately been handi
cap'ped bv the absence of Reitz and Reilly.
but the latter Is in the game again, and
Reitz is expected to . participate in this
week's series. He has been sick at his
home in Sacramento.
Phil Knell has been signed by Harris
and is now In training. He expects to
Join the team in anrther week. Knell is
a clever south-paw twirler, and while in
the . East ' last year proved that his arm
had not lost its cunning. He refused to
go East this season, preferring to- remain
at home. He' Is not only a jrood pitcher
but he is an excellent run-getter as well
as a general utility fielder.
The line-up to-day at Recreation Park
is as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Stockton.
Sullivan. Catcher Pace
Iburg.... Pitcher .Whalen
Pabst....... .....Fhst base...;.........Streib
Schwartz .Second base.:.. :Babbltt
Rellly ..'.:.: base....... Moore
Reltz.... Shortstop ......... .Lockhead
KniK. ....Left field ...McCarthy
Brockhoft... ....... ...Center field. ...... .Courtney
HUdebrand. ;... Right field.... ..:... .Morrow
Companies H and B of the League of the
ABOUT THE BOATHOUSES.
Things are very quiet among the oars
men Just now. To-morrow the. Alameda
Boat Club will hold some races in out
rigger skiffs on Oakland Creek, with the
view of learning what material there is
among the new members. One or two of
the likely men will represent the club In
the championship regatta on September 9.
This is the event that all the rowing men
are looking forward. to, and as the regatta
committee of the semi-centennial celebra
tion of the Native Sons of the Golden
West is taking up the matter with enthu
siasm, and as valuable prizes will be of
fered, the regatta will doubtless be highly
successful.
The junior barge crew of the Ariel Row
ing Club is already in practice and the
club will probably enter several men for
the outrigger skiff ami shell champion
ships on September 9. Charles Wilson and
probaby William McCausland will enter
the race for the senior outrigger skiff
championship; while J. A. Geddes, W.
Horton and E. J. Lynch will try for the
junior championship. F. J. Kelly. will pull
in the junior shelf race and possibly J.
Wilson in the senior shell event.
The Dolphin Boating Club will hold a
ladies' day at its boathouse at the foot of
Van Ness avenue on Sunday, July 15, be
ginning at about 11 a. m. As Stanley Ad
derley ¦will be away from town on a va
cation the proposed race between him,
George Baker and W. O. Patch will not
take place, but Baker will row against
W. O. Patch for the outrigger skiff cham
pionship of the Dolphin Club.
NAUMAN BEATS WALSH.
C. C. Nauman beat P. J. "Walsh yester
day in a pigeon shooting match, 100 birds,
at the San Francisco Trap Shooting As
sociation grounds at Ingleside.
The match was for $100 a side at 23
yards. The winner was in fine form and
made an excellent showing, scoring 97
kills against his opponent's S6. Walsh
missed his first bird and lost his second
out of bounds. This seemed to worry him
and in the first 25 he missed 3 and lost 2.
In the second 25 he lost 1 and in the third
and fourth missed 3 and lost 1 in each.
Nauman missed but 2 birds in the match
and lost 1 dead out of bounds. He killed
his last 45 birds straight. Walsh had the
worst of the hard birds up to the seven
tieth Inning, and after that Nauman had
more than his share of them. Walsh
made a number of long kills, many of
them at 50 or CO yards. On some of these
he made some fine shots which seemed
Following is the score: •
P. J. Walsh 0*2U"101U 1U01 2111* 22211—20
11122 111*1 11212 21111 12111—24
11101 20122 01222 11111 1*211-21
11011 20221 21211 21111 '10U-21-S6
C. C. Nauman.. 22112 22212 02222 22212 22212—24
22212 22222 02222 22212 22222—24
2222* 22212 22212 22221 22222—24
22112 22221 22111 12222 22112—25—97
WITH MEN OF THE WHEEL.
It is proposed to hold a cycling demon-
stration of considerable magnitude In this
city In September, during the days of the
Native Sons' celebration. Already steps
are being taken in this direction, and
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan has been ap
pointed chairman of the committee. It
has been suggested that this would be
a good opportunity to bring together all
the crack relay teams of the coast In a
fifty-mile race on the Ingleside track.
With teams from the Olympic and Bay
City , Wheelmen, Garden City, Sacra
mento, Stockton and Reno entered i the
race would be highly exciting, and this
plan is being worked at with this definite
object in view.
The route committee of the Cycle Path
Association will go over the ground be
tween Ingleside, the ocean boulevard and
Colma to-morrow, accompanied by City
Engineer Grunsky and A. B. Maguire, the
new member of the Board of Public
Works, with the object of selecting a de
sirable route.
The annual old-timers' run of the Bay
City Wheelmen will be held Sunday, July
15, to San Anselmo.
PIGEON CLUB RACE.
The first of a series of three young bird
races for the Schlotzhauer cup was flown
from Marysvllle, Cal.. on the Fourth.
Birds representing tei; lofts of members
of the Pacific Pigeon Club of Alameda
were in competition. The birds were lib
erated at 6 a. m., and the result of the
race was as followi:
First— A. Schaffer's BBS1 arrived at 8:38 a.
m., flying 1C0 miles and 2C0 yards at the average
speed of 1119.11 yards per minute.
Second— J. G. Lubben'a BB42 arrived at 8:43
a. m., flying; 101 miles and 467 yards at the aver
age speed of 1093.41 yards per minute.
Third— John Mole's BB202 arrived at 8:40:30
a. m.. flying: 9S miles and 1320 yards at the
average speed of 10b6.66 yards per minute.
Fourth— Georpe D. L,ubben's BB511 arrived at
8:46:30 a. m., flying 101 miles and 470 yards at
the average speed of 1070.45 yards per minute.
Fifth— T. R. Qunyle's BB561 arrived at 8:41:30
a. m.. flying 99 miles and 710 yards at the aver
age speed of 104(3.62 yards per minute.
Sixth— A. Lernhart's BB107 arrived at 9:01
a. m., flylngr 110 miles and 1371 yards at the
average speed of 1053.35 yards per minute.
Seventh— B. T. McBaln's BB137 arrived at
8:46:30 a. m., flying 93 miles and 1060 yards at
the average speed of 1052.85 yards per minute.
Eighth— E. Wichman's BB473 arrived at 8:49
a. m.. flying 101 miles and 107 yards at- the
average speed of 1052.23 yards per minute.
Ninth— Dr. T. Carpenter's BB161 arrived at
8:5 0a. m., flying 100 miles and 733 yards at the
average speed of 1033.60 yards per minute.
Tenth— A. Mclntyre's BB264 arrived ¦ at 8:30
a. m.. flying 93 miles and 1435 yards at the aver
age speed of 1033.35 yards per minute.
The second race in this series will be
flown from Red Bluff, Cal., on August 5.
cricketers did very well, dismissing their
visitors for a low score and scoring freely
at the bat. The Lake County men are en
thusiastic cricketers and feel that they
can at least make things interesting for
the visitors.
Cross Cadets will meet in a match game
of baseball Sunday, July S. at tho Six
teenth and Folsom street grour.cls. The
team will line up:
Company H. Positions. Company B.
Meyers Pitcher McDonald
Mapree Catcher Doherty
Atkinson First base..Kende!aw (cap.)
Kwlng (cap.) Second base McWanham
Butler Third base McCarthy
Martin Shortatop Iburg
Anderson RtRht field Hlldbrandt
"W. J. CTDonnell L*ft field Griffln
Edward* Center field Rader
Smith Substitutes "U'eltan
•. Substitute Frawley
Up the column the champions go like
an inflated balloon. There Is a greater
distance between Sacramento and Stock
ton, the second team, than between Stock
ton and Frisco, the fourth and last on the
list. In all this success of Sacramento
there has been a few swats of luck, error
making by the teams opposed to the
Senators. But the champions keep right
on. saying nothing and winning every
thing in sight.
San Francisco has been treated to the
best kind of baseball lately. Twelve in»
ning, ten inning and regulation games
with the score 2—1, 4—3 and 1—0, in base
ball that curls the hair of the fanatic.
Last Sunday at Recreation grounds there
was all • kinds of the old time racket at
the game. Three times the game was
won and lost. The same teams play the
series here this week.
The standing of the clubs is:
Outdistancing All the Other
Teams In the California
Basehall League.
HARDY BROTHERS, WHO WILL PLAY ON EASTERN COURTS
SENATORS ARE
RUNNING AWAY
This has been a busy week for the
coursing men. On "Wednesday and Thurs
day two complete stakes were run off and
surprises took the first purses. On the
long-odds book Pleasant Girl was a 25 to 1
shot for the stake, although In her races
she was generally the favorite. The run
ner-up, Bohe, was also one of the unex
pected good things. But Dew Drop, the
winner of Thursday's races, was the big
surprise of the week. On the long-odds
book this dog was selling for odds greater
than 20 to L Everything met went by
the boards before Dew Drop, who led In
every race.
The great subject of conversation
now among the owners of fine dogs is the
two big stakes, tho Futurity and the
John Grace challenge cup, which will be
run some time in October, instead of Feb
ruary. The second payment has been
made on 121 entries in the Futurity stake.
This will insure at least ninety-six nomi
nations and a purse of at least $1000 to
the winner. The aggregate purses of the
John Grace stake will reach a higher fig
ure than $60(1). D. E. Wiley has the honor
of making the first nomination — $50. He
will run the promising pup Buck, by Fly
ing Buck and High Born Lady.
Frank McComb bought Chicago Boy
from Ruseell. Allen & Wilson for 1350.
"When the dog was taken to the kennels
Rusty Gold, O'Hara and For Glory looked
upon the newcomer as an intruder and
gave chase. They cornered Chicago Boy
and damaged him considerably.
G. W. Heintz has sold Herschel's Pride
to Dr. Leonard for $400.
Miss Skyrocket has whelped to Pre
tender, Border's Valentine to * Royal
Flush, Bed of Stone to Pretender.
The stake that will be run at Union
Coursing Park this afternoon and to-mor
row promises to be one of the best in
many weeks. High-class dogs from Aus
tralia, England, Ireland, the East and
California are entered. Coming close upon
the Fourth of July and Midweek Reserve
stakes it will be a noteworthy week of
coursing in this city.
The entire gate receipts of to-day's and
Sunday's coursing at union Park will go,
to the Sweeney benefit fund.
Four Big Days at Union Park
This Week Means a
Boom.
piNE OUTLOOK
FOR COURSING
The second ar.nual competition for the
Prince Poniatowskl cup on the links of
the Burlingaxne Country Club on July 4
resulted in a victory for Miss Caro Crock
ett, who by three strokes defeated her
nearest competitor, Mrs. J. W. Bowers of
Garvanza— the winner of the first tourna
ment for the women's championship of
Southern California. Miss Alice Hoffman
¦winner of the Council's cups for women
of the San Francisco and San Rafael golf
clubs, and regarded as the strongest play
cr of her sex In San Francisco, made a
score of 124. This score Mrs. R. G. Brown
of the San Rafael Golf Club tied. Miss
Hoffman drove a longer ball than the
winner and made her first round of the
links in 5G, which would gi\-e a total of
112 for the eighteen holes, but on the sec
ond round she got badly bunkered, requir
ing CS strokes for the nine holes. The other
compe'itors were Miss Edith McBean,
Mrs. H. H. Sherwood. Mrs. F. E. Magee
and Mrs. Dunham. Tlie winner's victory
is doubtless to be attributed to her famil
iarity with the links, and to her successful
avoidance of the hazards. Her short
»?ame. moreover, was accurate. She will
be entitled to the possession of the trophy
until July 4. 1901.
There was a large number of visitors at
the San Rafael links on Independence
day. the events being a bogey handicap
fir m^n and a similar event for women
Mrs. R. G. Brown and Miss Alice Hoff
man being absent the ladies' contest was
not quite eo inttresiinp as usual. It was
¦won by Mrs. Frank S. Johnson. The han
dioap for men was won by I. J. Wlel.
Other competitors in the women's event
were Mrs. W. J. Gemle and Mrs. Buck
bee; in the mon'f handicap. Carter P.
pomerojr and Gforge Heazelton.
To-day there will be a team match on
the San Rafael links, one of the teams
being captained by K. J. McCutehc-n and
the <»ther by E. L. Griffith.
The men's open handicap, over thirty-
Fix hoU-s. recently played on the links of
the SanJa Catalina Golf Ciub, attracted
seventeen entries and was won by C. E
Maud of Riverside tilth a score of 167
props and n<»t. K. B. Tufts of the Los An
geles Country Club was second with a
fcore of ITS' less 4-175: H. W. Vail, •with a
*eore cf J7!« l^ss 4—175. tying his net
reore. C. K. Maud made the b^st round
of the whole tournament — nine holes in 3S.
The ladies' handicap was won by Mrs
<~i. Holterhcff with a «core of 115 less 36—
79. Mrs. J. D. Foster was second, with a
sonre of 5^5 less 32 — £4.
The m^n's driving contest was won by
C. E. Maud, whh a drive of 200 yards 1
foot. w. Walton being second with 196
yard* 1 foot. The ladies' driving compe
tition was won by Mrs. J. D. Foster with
a driv» of 117 yards 2 feet. Miss Ethel
A3«r>- Ix-ins second with 104 yards 1** feet.
Maud Wins the Santa Catallna
Club Handicap and DriY-
Ina Contest.
f.OLF DRAWING
M MANY PLAYERS
In the California Yacht Club race on
the Fourth E. F. Sagar's sloop yacht
Edna won the Wallace trophy for the
third time in succession. In 1S0S she de
feated Commodore E. N. Walter's sloop
Embla by more than twelve minutes; last
year she finished more than half an hour
ahead of the yacht Embla; on July 4 she
defeated her nearest competitor, the sloop
Thelma, by 2 minutes and 4$ seconds, cor
rected time. The wind was rather light at
the start, but freshened out in the chan
nel. Edna crossed the starting line 2 min
utes" 53 seconds after the gun-fire of the
thirty-six-foot class at 1:30 p. m., but as
soon as s»he got into a good breeze, went
to the front, with Thelma next. Edna
rounded the Presidio-shoal buoy 10 min
utes 15 seconds before Thelma. which was
followed by Pactolus and Gypsle. Edna
did not set her spinnaker on the run home
until she was past Melggs wharf, and oft
Goat Island took it in, setting it again,
however, later in the race. J. T. Carrier's
sloop Jessie E., which was regarded as
Edna's most dangerous competitor, sailed
very poorly, the substitution of a longer
bowsprit and the reduction of her main
sail making her slow. "When the Edna
had got past Goat Island on the return
home, she ran into a calm, and the rest
of the fleet almost overhauled her. She
got the wind, however, soon enough to
cross the finishing line off the Alameda
mole, a winner. E. F. Sagar sailed his
own boat, and had an excellent crew,
made up of H. W. Westerfeld. Frank
Thompson. "Jack" Short. J. C Brikell and
S. C. Delamater. The sloop Emma, with
Carl Westerfeld at the helm, cruised over
from TIburon as a pilot for the vice-com
modore's craft.
The San Francisco Tacht Club will
cruise to McNear's Landing this evening,
and to-morrow there will be a clam-bake
on the beach. The Corinthians will cruise
to Petaluma Creek to-day and return to
morrow. The Enclnals and Callfornias
have no events scheduled. The South
Bays will take a cruise to-night, and to
morrow wil sail to Redwood City. The
Oakland Canoe Club had a reception at
their club house on Sessions Basin and a
race for the Holiday Cup on the Fourth.
E. A. Wiltsee's schooner Aggie dropped
anchor at Santa Cruz at 9:30 a. m. on
July 5, with the owner. W. R. "Whittier,
and N. W. Wilson on board. She lay In a
calm off Light House Point .for eight
hours. At 8 o'clock on the evening of July
4 the yacht, while near Pigeon Point,
struck a whale, which became angry and
threw great quantities of water over the
yacht. The water entered the cabin and
broke the sky-lipht on«the starboard side.
There was considerable danger for some
time but at >.ast the whale swam away,
and the yachting party went gladly on its
way to Santa Catallna.
San Frandscos Sail to McNear's
Landing and Corinthians to
Petaluma Creek.
VACHT AGGIE
HITS A WHALE
It Is too late in the season for the pro
jected race meeting in Montana to at
tract any California stables. According
to last advices from the Copper State,
Racing would be inaugurated at Great
Falls on August i for a spell of ten days,
followed by meetings of similar length at
Helena, Big Timber and possibly Deer
Lodge. The stables of Billy Randall.
Morton antl McArthur and Frank McMa
hon will leave Denver for Montana as
soon as things are definitely settled. Tho
tracks at Butte and Anaconda, formerly
operated under the Daly regime, will not
open this year.
Joe Wheeler, 2:07U, the sensational
black pacer of two seasons ago, has
broken down. Owner Charley Owen had;
him hard at It on the Fresno track, but
his underpinning would not stand the jar
ring, necessitating his retirement.
While the Reiff brothers. Tod Sloan and
Rlpby receive almost daily notice for
their prominence in English racing- affairs,
no mention Is made of Ed Corrigan, the
Tanforan crusader. Neither does word,
of any sort reach this side of faithful
Tommy McGee. Some weeks ago a New
York paper stated that Corrifran had
been refused a license by the racing stew
ards of the tight little Isle, and the ban
has probably not been lifted. If true, what
a crushing blow to the meek, modest, dig
nified, unassuming, unpretentious horse
man.
Rumors from the other side of the hills
say California bookmakers chalking odds
on the St. Louis and Chicago tracks are
not faring the best. At last accounts Joa
Harlan was $12,000 behind the game, while
Fred Cook and "Shorty" Pesch were
$20,000 to the bad.
So Frank Rutter. a prominent member
of the Armstrong family, has been given
another chance, and is again In the sad
dle at Harlem and Hawthorne. Politics
figure largely in racing in the neighbor
hood of the Windy City, and Frank had
the benefit of a strong pull. If the Turf
Congress could be lenient in this case
why not give J. McDonald another
chance? The latter boy won eighteen
races at the Denver meeting, nearly all
being held at prohibition odda In the bet
ting. At present McDonald occupies tho
peculiar position of being in good stand
ing, and still of not being in pood stand-
Ins. Two years aero h«» was suspended by
Captain Rees at Hawthorne track for a.
supposed bad ride on the horde Wilson.
Later the Chicago Racing Association,
controlling the track mentioned, rein
stated the lad. but he Is unable to obtain
a license from the Turf Congress.
The many friends of Thomas H. Wil
liams Jr. will be gratified to learn that
he Is once more on the road to early re
covery from the effects of a painful sur
gical operation performed some days aaro.
Ambition and business cares caused Mr.
Williams to leav*» his house too soon, and
suffering from the indiscretion, he was
aerain compelled to take to his bed.
Zlck Abram's poolroom crew tried an
expensive joke on the other rooms tak
ing coin on the Eastern races on tn»
Fourth of July. When the results reach
Sausalito they are telephoned to Abrama*
room on this stele of the bay. which la
turn 'phones the thre« placed horses to
the outside firms dolnsr business. It s^ems
that on the Fourth the racing at Wash
ington Park began half an hour earlier, op
1:30 o'clock, a fact not generally known
by tr«e poolroom neople. Hernando. a 9
to 1 shot. won. backed to a standstill. Tho
trick was discovered and the joke Is now
on the A brains crew, as the rooms caught
on to the trick and not onlv refused to
pay oft* bat went on a lolllflcation wltl\
the original wa?<" ni^c^d
F. K. MULHOLLAXD.
Racing In Montana— Corrlgan
Evidently Sidetracked— Joe
Wheeler Breaks Down.
ODDS AND ENDS
FROM THE TURF
F I MUl, second period of the fishing season, the time when the scaly lnhabl-
I tacts of sea and stream are easily brought from the waters to make the
I heart of the sportsman palpitate with joy. Is at hand. With the begin
ning of July, when the warm weather strikes the country, the best fish
ing: begins and the flycasters take first to their books and then to some chosen
stream where the trout abound.
Every train that leaves San Francisco these days carries with it a number
of the rod devotees. Reports from all over the State reach this city, indicating
that the fishermen are whipping rivers and streams wherever there Is a chance
for a catch.
The flshlag at Cisco during the week has afforded sport of the highest class.
A. S. Carman and Andrew Talbot of San Francisco have been getting big
catches. Mr. Carman averages about twenty-five trout of good quality each
evenlrg on the south fork of the Tuba River. There are also a number of
campers on the river who fish regularly.
"William Dickinson, a young angler, caught fifty trout fishing down stream
from Cascade six miles.
On Tuesday Mr. Carman and 2Ir. Talbot made a pilgrimage to the lake, an
hour and a half ride on horseback over the trails. Mr. Carman was quite suc
cessful. His first cast resulted in hooking a one and a half pound Mykiss, which
he landed after a game fipht on the part of the trout. Later In the day he se
cured another of identical weight. Nine of the Mykiss weighed five pounds. The
total catch was seventeen fish, of which four were Eastern brook trout weigh
ing a ha!f pound each. The lake was stocked on Tuesday with 25,030 trout
fry- It gives promise of becoming a noted resort for sportsmen, although it is
almost inaccessible now. It is still unnamed. It is a beautiful sheet of water
about a half mile In length and varying in width from 100 feet to a quarter of
a m!le.
The best reports come from the Truckee River and lake country- Return
ing fishermen pronounce the sport along the State line the best experienced in
years. John F. Siebe and Walter Carr fished the Truckee near Verdi last week.
In three days they killed seventy pounds of fish. Colonel Young returned from
Boca, and his report was equally bright.
"During the early part of the week a gloom settled over the fishermen at
Santa Cruz" is what Dr. C. G. Levison has to say about the fishing in that
bay. Everybody is waiting patiently for an Improvement, The doctor captured
a twenty-pound codfish.
Lake San Andreas will open on July 15. Then there will be a rush of rod
wielders to this place— those who cannot get far away from the city for their
Ej»ort.
A queen of the waters fly is being used to good advantage on lake Lagu
nita.s. • "
H. T. Whitley. R. Bangster, W. Chambers. VC. F. Smith and P. Rodgere will
leave next we*k for Smites Hog Ranch on the EeL
J. A. Parriser landed five bass, ranging from two to three pounds, while fish
ing in the estuary.
UP STREAM FOR
BOUNDING TROUT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
5
SPORTS
o a ¦ a *s
sg la srg 2
- 3 s fs 3
CLUB3. : ' Q. S 1
• : • w
; ; ; »
Sacramento 23 12 35 .657
Stockton 17 17 34 .500
Oakland i 13 19 34 .441
San Francisco 14 21 35 .400
o a ¦ a *s
sg la srg 2
- 3 s fs 3
CLUB3. : ' Q. S 1
• : • w
; ; ; »
Sacramento 23 12 35 .657
Stockton 17 17 34 .500
Oakland i 13 19 34 .441
San Francisco 14 21 35 .400
"Did you have any trouble selecting a
name for the baby?"
"None at all: there's only one rich un-
cle in the family." — Richmond Dispatch.The part of Hill's speech in seconding the nomi
nation of Bryan mo.<t worth remembering is that in
which he said of the platform: "Those who do not
admire some portions of it can speak for others. If
there are some issues they do not desire to present
as striking as others, they can at least talk about
something in this platform that is worthy of their ap
proval. In some portions of the country the para
mount issue is going to carry, and carry strongly."
Was there ever in a convention a franker statement of
u policy of playing fast and loose with principles? It
is to be a silver carapnigr; where silver is strong, and
in other places it is to be something else.
It looks now as if the Boxers had nothing to do
with the war between China and Japan and were
simply laying back /or the Japs to make a reccrrl.
BOLERO MANTELET.
The bolero mantelet shown in the il
lustration is of ivory taffetas, embroi
dered with designs in Pompadour silk and
applications of ecru guipure. The half
length sleeves are of guipure, and end
In a deep accordion-pleated flounce of
ivory muslin. The bolero Is trimmed
with a similar flounce, which falls over
the hips. - - _ y*.
ANSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE SHOOTING OF TERRY— S.. City.
It was on the 14th of August. 1SS9. at I*
throp, that David Neagle shot David S.
Terry.
HOW SLEEP THE BRAVE— A. S..
City. The poem which commences "How
«leep the brave, who sink to rest" was
written by William Collins, a lyric poet.
A LATIN PROVERB— R. \VY, Sacra
mento, Cal. "Re opltulandum, non ver
bls" Is a Latin proverb and means "We
should assist those who need our help by
deeds and not by empty words.
FIRMAUN— R. W., Sacramento, Cal.
Firmaun. commonly written firman, Is a
decree order, warrant or passport. Issued
by the Shah of Persia or the Sultan of
Turkey. No subject dares disobey the
firmaun of the sovereign. It supersedes
all laws and regulations.
¦ MINERAL — X. P., Slssons, Cal. There
Is a decision to be found in "Mlnera^
Lnnd<» " p 1+t ( 12 D which declares that
••where mineral deposits are discovered
on agricultural lands after patent has is
sued to an agricultural claimant they pass
with the patent/;
POSTAL CARDS— S., City. Postal cards
were first, adopted by Germany. By an
act of the Congress of the United States
June 8, 1S72, the Postmaster General was
authorized and directed to Issue postal
cards to the~"public at 1 cent each. The
first were issued May, 1S73.
SUNDAYS IN FEBRUARY— Curious.
City. There were five Sundays In Febru
arv 1S24, again In lS52*and in 1SS0. That
makes it once In twenty-eight years. Were
it not for the fact that the present year
1D00 is not a leapyear there would be five
Sundays In February. 1908, but that being
the case such an event will not occur
again until the year 1920, to occur again
in 194S.and in 1976.
CANNOT ANTICIPATE— R. P., city.
This department cannot anticipate the
judgment of a court and for that reason
cannot inform you whether the, United
States Government would have to pay for
the Improvements that have been made
on Belvedere Peninsula, in case the suit
to determine the rights as to the Corte
Madera grant should be decided in favor
of the United States, and the Government
occupy the territory.
THE TIENTSIN- MASSACRE— C. E.,
Berkeley, Cal.. During' the early part or
the : year 1870 the animosity of the Chi
nese against foreigners Increased In a
marked manner ; and grew ¦ In bitterness
so that before the summer there were vio
lent demonstrations and serious outbreaks
occurred in , several places. At Hankow
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, July C-R. J. Davis of San
Francisco is at the Buckingham; G. L.
Lumbard of San Jose is at the Grand.
OWNERS of property in Chinatown are re
ported to be much aggrieved by the demand
that their property shall be subject to sanitary
inspection and regulation as are buildings in other
parts of the city. It is said they have suffered a good
deal by the quarantine imposed by the bubonic Board
of Health, and are now in a fit humor to fight any
attempt on the part of the authorities to compel them
to put their Chinatown houses in good order and keep
them so.
If these reports be tiue, the public will watch with
considerable interest to see in what form the fight
against improvement is to be made. The sanitary
laws of the city are plain in their terms; they are per
fectly valid; they apply to the Chinese quarter as well
as to other districts 'of the municipality, and the city
officials are in duty bound to enforce them impartially,
flow, then, can the irate owners of foul buildings
n:ake a fight with any profit to themselves? What
have they to gain by persisting in a violation of ths
ordinances of the municipality instead of promptly
conforming to them?
If the owners of Chinatown property will con
sider the situation with an intelligent under
standing of its various features, they will per
ceive that a fight against, the health ordinances
would be a fight against their own inter
ests. For example: It appears from '" their . own
showing that they have lost heavily by reason of the
bubonic quarantine; but the quarantine was brought
about solely by the filthy condition of most of the-
Chinatown buildings. Had the sanitary laws been en
forced in the past there would never have been a
quarantine, for there would have been nothing on
which even so blundering a body as the bubonic
board would have dared to base it. That much even
the most irate property-owner must admit without
further argument. It is, in fact, self-evident.
What has happened once is always likely to happen
again if the same conditions continue. An unsanitary
Chinatown gave excuse for quarantines in the past
and it will serve as an excuse for other quarantines'
It wouk >e, therefore, no more than an act of intelli
gent self-interest on the part of those who have suf
fered by the quarantine to take such action as is cal
culated to prevent a repetition of the loss.
There arc. moreover, other advantages to be gained
by the owners of Chinatown* property in cordially co
operating with the authorities in enforcing the law
The property in the district has depreciated in value
FOR THEIR OWN GOOD.
WS. WITHAM of Georgia is one of the fore
most business men of the South. Indeed he
• is one of the enterprising men whom the na
tion as a whole is proud to regard as typically Ameri
can, for he believes in progress and has the energy
and the, sagacity to carry out his belief by actions that
are beneficial to thousands of people. He is president
of thirty-two banks in Georgia, is owner of nine cot
ton mills, and is interested in many other industrial
institutions of the State. By reason of his widespread
business connections he is brought into relation with
all classes of the thrifty people of Georgia, and :s
therefore well fitted to speak for them in matters that
affect their material welfare. •>
He has been recently interviewed on the trend of
political sentiment in the South, and his statements
can be read with instruction as well as with interest.
He began by saying his practice has been that of
voting like a good citizen and keeping track of po
litical matters so far as they affect business." He de
clares the Southern people, notwithstanding their
Democratic affiliations, desire the re-election of Mc-
Kinley, and when asked why answered: "We know
when we are well off. We are not fools down South.
If everything is going well we don't want to risk any
change. There is great prosperity through the South
and it has come with this administration. We've had
8-cent cotton. Do you realize what that means to our
people down there? Well, it doubled the deposits in
my thirty-two banks. That's one thing it did. And
this year cotton will open at 10 cents. That's the sort
of business conditions that we appreciate in the South.
And the business men don't want any change that will
tisk that prosperity. That's the feeling among all
classes. McKinley stands for the prosperity that the
Republican party has brought in. The business men
are for McKinley becatise'.he totes fair and makes
good- business."
The Southern States will give their electoral votes
for Bryan solely because the business men v of the
South are sure 'McKinley will be* elected anyhow.
.Were the issue a matter of doubt there would be an
active and powerful McKinley party in every # South
ern State, and more than one of them would'cast its
vote for him. Even as it is Mr. Witham estimates
that the Bryan vote in the South this year will be
one-third less than it was in 1896.
Whatever may be put forward during the campaign
by the oratory of the Bryanite" party, the dominant
issue in the minds of the people is going to be that
of prosperity. The voters of the country are not
fools. They know when they are well off and they
are going to vote 'for McKinley because, as they sav
in Georgia. "He totes fair "and makes good business."
PROSPERITY fJS AN ISSUE.
The Portland Telegram has had such a high degree
of. prosperity during the past year that it has been
able Jo make a showing of 32,000 more inches of dis
jlay advertisement; than in the year ending July
1, 1899. That record speaks as well for the business
of the community as for the paper that serves it, and
accordingly congratulations are due to all Portland
as well as to Editor Owen.
The employes of the Board of Health who are re
belling against the order of dismissal are evidently
adverse to a sacrifice of that public snap which their
superiors have made notorious in the public mind.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento Is at
tho Lick. < .
II. H. Biauvet, a prominent merchant or
Now York, is at the Palace.
E. B. Yerrington. a mining man of Car
son. Nevada, is at the Palace.
• J. Steinmcier, a prominent mining man
Of Idaho, is at the Occidental.
Major G. Russell, U. S. A.. Is registered
at the Occidental from Denver.
H. Postlethwalte, a leading fruit grower
of San Jose, Is a guest at the Lick.
S. N. Griffiths, a well-known oil specu
lator of Fresno, is at the Occidental.
Colonel L. F. Moulton, one of Colusa's
leading ranchers, Is registered at the Lick.
W. J. Kerekhort of the Los Angeles
Electric Company Is registered at the
Palace.
A. W. Maltby, one of California's lead-
Ing ranchers, is at the Grand accompanied
byhis wife.
Assemblyman C. B. Jlllson, accompanied
by his wife, Is at the Grand. They are
registered from Hornbrook.
T. S. C. Lowe, founder of the observa
tory on Mount Lowe, Southern California,
is registered at the California.
R. C. Vllas Jr.. son of the former Post
master General under President Cleve
land, is here on a pleasure trip and Is a
guest of the California.
C. A. Canfield and E. L. Doheny, who
cleaned up over a million apiece In the
recent big C&allnga oil deal, arrived from
Los Angeles yesterday and are. at fho
Palace. y,y?-
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
HIS PORTION.
Ruth— Caesar said all Gaul was divided
Into three parts.
Kitty— Did he say how much of tt a
Chicago drummer got? — Detroit Free
Press.
STRIKING SIMILARITY.
"The cuckoo in that clock reminds mo
of a poor ball player and an arrogant
labor union."
"How so?"
"It goes out on so many strikes."—Chi
cago Times-Herald.
THE REAL, PUZZLE OF LIFE.
Fidelia— FlavUla, doesn't the great mys
tery of our being fill you with awe and
wonder?
Flavllla — Well, to tell you the honest
truth, Fidelia, what to wear bothers ma
more than anything else.— Indianapolis
Journal.
"I shall not pay any further attention,
to these criticisms until my accusers
agree upon a charge," said Senator Sorg
hum.
"Haven't they done so?" • ;'"
"No. sir. Some of them say I got all in/
money by holding lots of offices, antl
others say I held all my offices by having
lots of money."— Washington Star.
"No." she haughtily replied. "I wouM
not think of marrying a man to reform
him!"
The look he gave her was terrible.
"You are right!" he said. In a strango
voice. "The only way to reform a man
Is to be kind to him!"
Then he strode away, leaving her numb
with the consciousness that the horse was
on her all right.— Detroit Journal.
A BOOMING BUSINESS.
"You are In business In Montana?**"
asked the passenger In the skull cap.
"Yes." said the passenger in the smoking
Jacket. "Is business good out there?"
"Yes. In the last two years our plant has
Increased In size more than 1000 per cent."
"Great Scott! What was the size of your
plant originally?" "It consisted of a pal?,
of Belgian rabbits." — Chicago Tribune.
an attack was made on the French ar.d
English missionaries and the French -were
treated most outrageously, their houses
were burned and one clergyman was
killed. The French Minister Immediately
ordered the French admiral to his aid.
He steamed up to the city with several
gunboats and ordered the Governor to
make reparation and punish all persona
engaged in the attack. The demands as
to reparation was complied with and sev
eral of the leaders were beheaded. The
quiet which followed did not last long.
JCor soon after there was a plot to mur
der every foreiRner in China. There was
an attack all along the line from Nan
king to Tientsin. In June of that year
attacks were made on convents and for
eign legations and many persons were
murdered. France demanded an Investi
gation, which resulted In the execution of
sixteen Chinese and the exiling of two
mandarins In October. The leading offi
cials who took part in the many out
rageous crimes went unpunished.
CHINESE PHILOSOPHY.
THE thinking men of the world may well profit
by reflecting upon the statement of the Chinese
merchant who acknowledges himself a Boxer.
He declares that China long. ago underwent the ex
treme development of civilization which is still in
process in the Western world. There was the same
feverish pursuit of wealth and power; the same mar
tial and missionary spirit; the same war of class upon
clasi-, that may now be seen throughout the Occident.
Then from the?? extremes the race recoiled and re
traced its steps to a happy medium, and there im
movably planted its feet and founded its enduring in
stitution-. According to this China, instead of being
a case of arrested development, is an instance of ex
periment Kith the extreme of development and th-3
canceling out of life all elements not necessary to its
support ar.il its happiness. {
That what this Boxer says is true may be regarded
us hiphly probabie. The criticisms of Confucius couid
not have been directed at the China o! to-day. Like
aii prophets and reformers, he assailed the selfishness
end corruption of luxury, the lust of power, the c\ils
of a highly organized society in which wealth had be
coir.e an dement of iveskness. And like all reformers,
loo. he died scci;:s no impression made by his phil
osophy upor. tiie people he r-ttempted to redeem. The
dsy of hi> death he cried out in bitterness: "No
I'rirjce will employ tny instruction. None listens to
me. The tall mountain must some time be as ths
plain, and the stout oak must bend. So cometh my
time." Aside from the evidence furnished by the life
of Confucius — or, in the language of his country.
Kur.: r -iyt-se, Kung, the Wise— archaeology gives tes
timony to the wide stretch of Chinese power so re
mote that history known it not. Far down below the
foundation of the Troy of Priam modern excavations
have found buried the bones of a Chinese city. Orna
ments in the precious met3ls and articles of utility in
j-ottery .i;;d other things in great abundance, of Chi
ncfe'ori^iti. prove that the vast empire reached there
Lcfore the first Egyptian dynasty ruled, before Persia
was, -nd probably the Eastern bight of the Mediter
ranean was not its frontier. Remains of the race arc
found in Ir.dia. Burmak and Siberia. All these things
indicate a time when China was to the world what
Assyria and Roive were in later ages.
One may well ad:r.:t that an empire that stretched
from the Yellow Sea to the Bosphorus must have ex
celled in civilization, and must have drained the cup
of experience from :he froth to the dregs. The
swarming of that race under Genghis Khan, and later
tjnder TiiiTQur. was nothing: more than the survival in
it of the spirit of conquest and love of power de
scended from the remote pr.st when it was the Colos-
The further interest in this intelligent Boxer'? state
rrrnt is. will modern mankind undergo the same expe
rience? We arc «<rt in the psth trod before us by ths
Chin-se. We hnve tatipht ourselves that many things
arc «rcc?sitics which r.rc not at all necessary to human
existence and happiness. Will we in due time have a
K^r.R. the Wise, who will deduce from our tense
conditions a philosophy o; this life which will dismiss
the exhausting strugtzie we call high civilization ar.d
ytrrtch crar tired race upon the pillow of contentment
and repose?
showed the general many honors n
the great American soldier was on nl3
journey around the world. After he na-l
gone Li Hung Chang. In making som«
comparisons, said: ''General Grant and I
have suppressed the two greatest rebel
lions known in history." He referred, on
his own part, to the great Tal-Ping rebel
lion, probably the greatest uprising of its
kind known to the world.
When the great Chinaman was In New
York he was entertained by Mayor Strong.
During his Interview Li asked the Mayor
why he had not taken part In the civil
war. The Mayor replied that his brother
had been In the army, but that he haO,
stayed at home to take care of the fam
ily, and was in civil life. "Ah," said LI.
"you were a verv good soldier in time or
peace. I suppose." and a very good civilian
in time of war."
At another time he was discussing gov
ernments'and said: "Five thousand years
ago China was a republic Just as tho
United States is to-day."
"What made you change your form of
government?" he was asked.
"The change," he said, "was the most
gradual In the world % and our first em
peror was a plowboy."
When he was In England he uttered an
aphorism, the result of a short acquain
tance with the two gentlemen concerned
In it It was as follows: "Your Lord
Salisbury Is a man who says little and
means much. Your Mr. Gladstone is a
man who says much and means little."
When Li was In Germany the Kalw
asked him. "How do our women compare
with those of China?"
"I really cannot tell." said Li. s!yly.
fastening his eyes on the corsage of a
Wdy who was present. "Wf> never sp«
half as» much of our women as you do of
yours."
Li Huhg Unique Personality.
SHE most eminent Chinaman in Chi
na—Li Hung Chang— is pure Chinese
in descent. This may sound like
saying that truth is truth, but, as
a matter of fact, the rulers of China
are Manchus and Tartars, and not China
men at all.
Li Hung Chang's success, aside from
his Intellectual gifts, which are great, is
perhaps partly due to his great stature,
six feet two inches, a height seldom
reached by Chinamen, and by his ability
to raise a heavier beard than usual In a
country where" the beard is the only pos
session of the white man that the China
man envies him.
Li's person Is large and bulky, and when
he was a young man he must have pos
sessed remarkable physical strength.
Even in his old age he carries himself in
a manner that shows plenty of reserve
strength; his bearing is soldierly, alert
and imposing. His eyes are large and
black, their penetrating quality veiled by
long lids when he wishes to conceal that
which they might possibly betray. His
skin is a deep yellow, very much wrinkled.
He wears a heavy white mustache and
Imperial. His cheeks still have color In
them in spite of his age. due partly to his
correct habits and good digestion, for he
is very abstemious, and to applications of
electricity for the relief of partial facial
scfbrlety of LI Hung Chang Is pro
verbial. Of all the charms of life that al
lure other men, he cares only for power,
and disdains thac which is simply pleas
ure In his own philosophical way he
savs: "Flowery paths arc not long. In
conversation he is either quietly and stu
diously polite and deferential, or brutally
and vehemently frank, as best suits his
ends. His most characteristic qualities
are Inflexible purpose and the courage of
his convictions.
When LI Hung Chang rises he goes to
work, and at 7 o'clock eats a breakfast
composed of birds' nest soup, rice congee
and coffee without milk or sugar. At the
close of the meal he takes a grain or two
of quinine and goes to work again.
Li Hung Chang has always been thrifty
and has taken advantage of his great op
portunities to make money. It has been
said that he is the richest man in the
world, but of that no one knows, as Li
has not divulged his financial status.
However, he practically owns the rail
roads and telegraph lines in China, which
he put In on his own responsibility and at
his own expense, and derives the revenue
from them. He Is behind every progres
sive European innovation Introduced into
the country, and, while hi3 motto is
"China for the Chinese," he is not averse
to using the foreigner and the good things
the foreigner can provide.
In no country is the short, pithy proverb
more valued than in China. The fashion
was set by Confucius, founder of Chines.?
philosophy, who habitually spoke In pro
verbs. Li Hung Chang Is known to the
Occident chiefly by reason of his genius
as a soldier and statesman, but besides
these he is a philosopher and retailer of
proverbs and apothegms of no mean or
der. During his memorable trip around
the world he continually surprised Euro
peans and Americans by his witty and apt
sayings, as well as by his abrupt ques
tions, both pertinent and otherwise.
Many years ago ne laid down a policy
for the treatment of foreigners which has
become universal In both China and Ja
pan. It is: "Let us use foreigners, but do
not let foreigners use us."
He admired General U. S. Grant and
THE TAX-SHIRKERS AT BAY.
BY an order of the United States Treasury De
partment all public officers are notified to see to
it when shipping money by the United States
Express Company that each receipt issued for a ship
ment be stamped in accordance with the war revenue
act by and at the expense of the company. This order
brings the tax-shirkers to a stand. They are now at
bay, and it remains to be seen whether they will make
against the Government the fight they have so long
made against the people.
What is fair for ths Government is fair for private
citizens. If under the law the express companies are
required to affix at their own expense the revenue
stamps upon receipts given for shipments by the of
ficers of the Government, they are also required to
affix the stamp when shipments are made by indi
viduals. The order of the Treasury Department
shows that the Government takes the same view of
the revenue act that has been taken by the people.
The Government is powerful and can enforce its or
der. To that extent at least the tax-shirking of the
express companies will be stopped.
This action on the part of the Federal Government
impo?C5 upon the Attorney General of California the
duty of taking steps at once to put an end to the tax
shirking here. That duty can be fulfilled by bringing
an action against the express company and compelling
its officers to submit their books in open court in or
der that it may be determined whether the -war rev
enue tax would amount to an unjust imposition upon
the business. If the Attorney General will do his duty
in this respect there is ample reason to believe the
fraudulent tax-shirking of the express company will
be stopped in this State, however extensively it may
be continued elsewhere.
The issue is up to the Attorney General. The peo
ple of Califorriia will wait with impatience to see what
action he purposes to take. The Federal Treasury
Department has set an example for him to follow. He
cannot indeed imitate it by issuing a summary order
requiring the express companies to affix stamps at
their own expense to all shipping receipts, but he
can force them to .come into court, and submit their
books for inspection! The claim made' by the express
managers that the tax would be confiscatory and
ruinous to their business is generally believed to be
a false pretense and a fraudulent statement. If that be
lief be wrong the express company is entitled to a day
in court in order that it may prove its honesty. If, on
the other hand, the belief be well founded, then the
company should be exposed in open court and its tax
shirking schemes baffled and beaten.
Webster Davis has takenhis jaw over to the Demo
cratic party,- and now if Bryan should wish a mate to
take the stump with him and keep up the leather lung
e-xercise without a break until election day he knows
where to look for him.
SATURDAY... T..... Jfr'LY ~, iooo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
_^__ „_,._,_ _,. ,. ,_, -,,.._„_.._.>. — .,-,.-, — —^- — —.*—^
Address AM Communica'-ians to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
HWACEH'S VFFfCE
rTKlTl^ATIOX^OKFICB..5tnrket nnd Third. 9. F.
Telephone 1'ress 2O1.
EDITORIAL HOOMS....21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone I're«» 2O2.
Delivered tir Carrier*. 15 Cen#« Per Weelc.
fttnffle Cople*. £» Cent*.
Terms l»T Mall. Including PoMnflrei
PAII/T CALL finciudint Eur.dny). on* year 1*M
I'AII.y CAJ.L. <!nrlufiir.r Sunday). « tnCnths JJJ
1>AJLT CALI- <:nc!udin* Sunday). 1 month* 1-W
r>AII-T CALL.— IM- Slr.gle Month «o
Ft'NPAT CA.LX. On» Year }¦£>
WEEKLY CAIX One Year 100
All poMuiaater* are authorized ta receive .
¦ abacrlptloD*.
Eampla ccpJe* will te forwarded when req'jected.
Hall *tit»;rit*r* in ordf-rtng change of »fiare»s should b«
particular to rive both NEW AND CUD ADDRESS In order
to insure a proanpt «n3 rerrrot compliance with their request.
OAKLA\D OFFICE ". 1US Broadim* !
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
k'.&ntger Fcre'gt Advertising. Marqu«tte Budding. Chicago, j
(Uct Distance Telephone ••Central 5611.")
KTTW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON „ Heraid Square <
j
NETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bb«TB«.n Hocse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel: :
Fremont Hrufe; Auditorium Hotel.
XITW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TCaJdcrf-Afterta Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square: ;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON iD. Ct OFFICE Wellington Hote.
MORTON t. CR.SNE. Correspondent.
Bn*\rHOFrin;S — f57 Montgomery, rernfr of Oar. op"n j
ccttl »:S0 o'rtc.rk. $00 Hayes, open until 1:SO o'clock. 6S5 ;
McAlliyter. open trull 8:30 o'clock. CIS Lsrkln. open tmtll
t:30 o'clock. :«1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. J2C1 Market, j
ccnv Sixteenth, cpea until 9 o'clock. 1056 Valencia;. op»n I
ur.t.i S B'CteCtt. 10C Eleventh, open until i o'clock. XW cor- :
oer Twenty-iecr-rid and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
A POLITICAL DAY.
DURING the Revolution the people of the
Thirteen Colonies had on hand too much sad
and serious business to permit much attention
i to the anniversary of the assertion of their right to
I independence.
Doubtless the long and uneven struggle, with its
! increasing sacrifice of life and cost in treasure,
\ caused many an American to question, sometimes,
I the wisdom of the company in Philadelphia, who
I burned the bridges behind them by signing the
! "Unanimous Declaration." In those days it was not
j called the Declaration of Independence, but was con
j sidcred to be exactly in the nature of a declaration of
j war, stating the reasons for an armed conflict and lay-
ing down the principles to be established by it.
After the war ended and the inalienable right to in
dependence had been established by the sword, the
; historic document ceased to be regarded as a declara
! tion of war, and, in the spirit of the institutions
founded upon it, came to be known as the Declara-
; tion of Independence. Then no man doubted the
• wisdom and foresight of its signers, and the reverence
I felt for them has come to be attached to their de
| scendants, whose lineage comes as near being a
! patent of nobility as anything existing under our in
; stitutions.
i The- original Declaration, long exposed in the li
; brary of the State Department at Washington, has
| faded until scarcely. legible, and is now kept under
1 lock and key in a cabinet. Though its phrases have
i paled and nearly lost their identity, and the signa-
I turcs may be read with difficulty, he is a dull spirited
I American who can look upon that yellow sheet of
! parchment, the scripture of the civil liberty of all
| men, and not thrill when he thinks of the living
! hands that crossed it in making signatures which
\ might have been the death sentence of the signers."
All Americans have joined in celebrating the anni
versary of that heroic act. By common consent no
ether interest, no other sentiment, no other act, has
been permitted to overlap it. Great actions have il
luminated our subsequent history. Great battles have
been fought even on that anniversary, but nothing
has been permitted to divide interest with the original
event, which is set among the greatest things in the
history of man. The annual celebration of the day
has been used wholly in contemplation of the charac
ters of the men who gave the Declaration to man
kind, and in tracing the mighty issues of that day's
act.
It remained for the Bryan Democracy to attempt to
divert the day to a partisan purpose, to make it a
partisan anniversary, to try and put into the great
company of heroes who made it a crowd of rheumy
e3ed politicians, in the hope that this desecration will
pick up a few votes.
It has been discovered that many dignified ancient
parchments have been written upon repeatedly. The
original inscription, being the oldest and therefore,
if for no other reason, the most valuable and impor
tant, is erased by some means and another is written
on top of it This second one may meet the same fate
as the first, and in its turn be scoured off and some
thing take its place. When such parchments are
found modern science has the means by which each
inscription may be read, from the last to the first,
like turning the leaves of a book. Such a parchment
is called a. palimpsest. Colonel Bryan and his fol
lowers arc trying, in effect, to make a palimpsest out
of the Fourth of July. By a supcrimposition of their
small personalities and their feculent partisanship
upon the day they attempt to use the great signers as
an underground upon which to inscribe themselves.
It is as if they had abstracted the immortal parch
ment from the cabinet where it lies in the State De
partment and had written over it the Chicago plat
form, making a palimpsest of the document itself.
We predict that th:s attempt to give a partisan sig
nificance to the day will fail. There are some things
the people will not permit. They will not put these
modern Don Quixotes in place of the ancient knights
in our crusade for liberty.
The day will be pursed of the desecration and the
people will keep in touch with its original and hal
lowed purpose.
because the locality is kept in a foul and pestilential
condition. It would be useless for one or two own
ers to improve their buildings while all around them
is the contamination of a thousand abominations. As
individuals, therefore, they can do little for the im
provement of the value of their property, but if the
law be enforced impartially and the whole district be
cleaned there will be a general benefit' to every
property-owner in it.
These matters should be carefully considered by the
property-owners before they engage lawyers and en
tei upon a costly struggle to defeat the law and main
tain their buildings in the present condition. It will
be money in their pockets to avoid the contest. It
will cost them in the end about as much to hire law
yers for a prolonged struggle ,as it would to clean' up
their property; and in the end the money paid to
the lawyers would be wasted", for the Chinatown dis
trict is going to be cleaned up, the health ordinances
are to be enforced there. Upon that the people of San
Francisco are resolved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
Look at' them carefully;
The eyes of all the Foreign Devils are
The earth Is getting dry:
This is because the churches stop the
heaven.
The Gods are angry.
The Genii are vexed;
Both are come down from the mountains
to deliver the doctrine.
This is not hearsay.
The practice will not be In vain
To recite incantations and pronounce
magic words.
Burn up the yellow written prayers:
Light incense sticks;
To invite the Gods and Genii of all the
grottoes (halls).
The Gods will come out of the grottoes.
The Genii will come down from the
mountains.
And support the human bodies to prac
tice the boxing.
When all the military accomplishments
¦ or tactics
Are fully learned.
It will not be difficult to exterminate
the "Foreign Devils" then.
Push aside the railway tracks.
Pull out the telegraph polra.
Immediately after this destroy the
steamers.
The great France
Will grow cold and down-hearted;
The English and Russian will certainly
disperse.
Let the various "Foreign Devils" all be
killed.
May the whole elegant Kmpire of the
Great Chlng dynasty be ever pros
perous.
"The translation of one of the prose
Placards is as follows:
The relatives and friends of all around
notice recently that members of the
Protestant and Roman Catholic religions
poison the wells with poisonous powder,
TIEXTSIX " letter to the London
#1 Standard, bearing date of April 30,
1^1 gives an account of the antl-forelgn
I propaganda then in progress in
f Northern China. The writer re
marks that similar "literature" was cir
culated largely in Hoo-Xan ten years ago
and led to the serious i riots of that pe
riod.
"At the present time." he continues,
"we are having a not dissimilar, if less
violent, recrudescence of anti-foreign lit
erature, of which the, following are very
good samples. The first of them Is in
rhyme of a peculiarly attractive form, the
meter throughout representing two lines
of three characters each, and one line of
seven characters. This is particularly
easy to memorize. I know some Chinese
Christians whose families can repeat it
by. heart after one or two readings, and
they assure me thafit Is a style of pla
card which would be universally memor
ized, whereas the prose placards are read,
but make no lasting impression. I ap
pend a literal translation of the poem
without any attempt at rhyme, for fear of
destroying the effect:
Gods assist the Boxers,
The Patriotic Harmonious Corps;
It Is Because the Foreign Devils dis
turb the Middle Kingdom.
Urging the people to Join their religion.
To turn their backs on Heaven;
Venerate not the Gods and forget the
Ancestors.
Men violate the human obligations;
Women commit adultery.
Foreign Devils are not produced by man
kind. .
If you doubt this.
CHINESE BOXER PLACARDS IN RHYME
THAT HAVE CAUSED THE UPRISINGS
¦nd that whoever drinks the water hay»
their lungs and Intestines rotten within
eighteen days. Two men have been ar
rested by us at Liu LI Chuanff, and w«
flnrt they ha\-e poison all over their
bodies. They are silent when questioned
and bold when tortured. Those who
smell the poison will ille immediately.
You must be very cautious In drinking
the water. Those who see this notice
must make It known; it will avoid
calamity befalling the people. It mu3t
by all means be done.
"Both these placards were posted up In
a district called Taicheng. in this (Chih-
L.1) province, six days apo— i. e., since the
last proclamation. TaichenK is about 140
II. or fifty miles, south of Tientsin. The
dense and universal ignorance of the peo
ple makes th?se placards, silly and child
ish as they may appear to us». very dan
gerous and highly calculated to excite the
wildest ideas and promote trouble. The
people are Just now peculiarly in the
mood, moreover, to be so excited. The
autumn and spring rains have not fallen:
the earth is lying hard and parched, anrl
starvation stares them in the face. They
cannot explain it. nor understand why
the clouds gather hut produce no refresh
ing showers. In their blindness they
blame the foreigner. To illustrate the
public temper of the day. I may mention
that the wildest superstitions are now ex
tant current about kerosene oil. Several
large fires have occurred through the
breaking of lamps, and the people are
now discovering that kerosene promotes
the scarlet fever, smallpox and plague, in
jures tha eyesight and otherwise brings
calamity. Upon this overwrought state
of mind such placards as the above act
very strongly."
The correspondent adds that there la no
doubt that these inflammatory placards
have official sanction.
In the howl of indignation which has been raised
by the mob of taxeatcrs at the non-payment of their
salaries there is no suspicion that any of the disap
pointed ones intends to resign. " •
6
FASHION HINT PROM PARIS.
In Doubt.
The Cook— Sure. Ol had another row wit*
the missus, an Oi dunno if she'd loike me
to lave or not. • .,
The Maid— She hasn't said anything to
me. Bridget. K *
The Cook-Bedad! if she wanted me to
shtay Oi'd lave, an if she wanted me to
lave Old shtay.'-Puck. e iO
Luxuriant h.iir with its youthful color assured
by using Parker's Hair Ealsam.
Hlndercorns. th* best cure for corns. 15 ct*.
All danger of drinking impur* water Is
avoided by adding 20 drops of Dr. Slesert't An-
ifcstura Bitters.
The Slot Machine Habit.
Mrs. Brown— Oh. dear, that dreadful
Miss Smith Is singing again. I wonder
what started her?
Tom Brown (aged 7)— I dropped a penny
down her back when she wasn't looking.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main IOC - •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per It) at TownsemTs.*
AUCTION SALES.
Bj »w Vnrk Auction Co.— This day. at 10 o"cl«xk, l."00
Trnts,,at IK Clay *trt*t.
By K. Watfciiif- M >¦ day. July ?. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
T*v» Ifil. and H»rr!s">!i t-trvets.
Ti\Tl!-"Th<" Orisha."
Alr»rar— '"•"•nafn."
Orj'hf-um— Vaudeville.
Craad Ojht* - hour*-- "Children of the Ghetto."
Cojumb'.a— "Zu* of KnowteOce.*'
California— "A Dr.y and ICieht."
<i:>irj.ia. <r,rivT liana and Kiidy rtrerts— Sr*cla!t!*8.
Chutes. Zoo an<l Tt-»tcr— Vaudeville «very afternoon and
•vnjirc;.
rikctwr'j;— '"Romeo and Juliet."*
liecrt at'.on I'ark— Dascli&lL.
Sutro r.aths— <>i«-n nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
GIANT AIR COMPRESSORS
x :'.'¦ ...AftD...
% /GIANT ROCK DRILLS,
STEAm ENGINES, HESTERS Anq
CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Our reputation among contractors and miners is evidence of «»«•
• WM ' A SP HEW^TT y '' ESt ' mateS furnlshed U P°" apSKtkS! °
COMPRESSED AIR MAGHINERTI.,
11 to 13 FIRST STR£ET, San Franeiseo, Cai; ?LONDON, July 6.— General Paget Is
moving toward the heart of the country
held by Dewet.
Lord Roberts telegraphed to the War
Office under date of Pretoria, July 6, 2:26
p. m., as follows:
"Paget engaged the enemy on July 3
successfully at Pleiserfontein. He drove
them out of a very strong position across
Leeuwkop to Bronerifonteln, where he
bivouacked for the night. He followed
up the enemy on the afternoon of July 4,
who were at Blaauw Kop, fifteen miles
northwest of Bethlehem. He reports that
all of Steyn's Government officials, except
the Treasurer General, who has gone to
Vrede, are at Bethlehem, which has been
proclaimed the capital. Steyn himself is
reported to have taken flight to the moun
tains.
"Buller reports the line to Heidelberg
restored, thus completing every communi
cation between Pretoria and Natal."
Lourenzo Marques on Friday learned
that the Boers are showing fresh activity.
A British force is reported within forty
miles of Koomatipoort.
The Times' Lourenzo Maroues corres
pondent in a dispatch dated Friday says:
"From a trustworthy source it is learned
that ex-President Steyn and Christian De
wet are the only obstacles to the termi
nation of the war In South Africa."
A special dispatch from Pretoria says
that an inter-tribal fight, in which more
than 1000 natives are engaged, is taking
place in the plains of the Boer position.
The fight. It is added, is for the posses
sion of Boer cattle.
MASERU, Basutoland. July 6.—The
Boers made a determined attempt to re
take Ficksburg- (Orange River Colony)
yesterday. They attacked the pickets at
midnight. The fighting was short but
fierce, lasting an hour, when the Federals
were repulsed.
©-?-<$>-•- <$> -•- <s>-»-^—#~<^-t- <$>-?- <$•-1-#
inaries were over. Thomas Taggart of
Indiana, who had been mentioned as a
possible chairman, nominated Senator
Jones for re-election and he received the
unanimous vote. The Senator was sent
for, and in accepting the chairmanship
said that the committee entered the cam
paign in much better shape than four
years ago. Then the members were all
new and untried in party affairs, which
had been in the hands of men who were
overthrown in the great Issues dominat
ing the 1S96 convention. Now, they had
a complete organization.
The matter of selecting the executive
committee was left to Chairman Jones. It
is understood that many of the members
of the last committee will be chosen.
A committee consisting of Tillman' of
South Carolina, Johnson of Indiana. Wil
liams of Massachusetts. Osborne of Wy
oming and Wilson of Idaho, was appoint
ed to confer with representatives of the
Populist and Silver Republican parties
as to the best plan of campaign.
TABULATED RESULT
OF FIRST BALLOT
Stevenson Far in the Lead of
Hill, With Towne a Badlu
Beaten Third.
KANSAS CITY, July 6.— The vote for
the leading three candidates for the Vice
Presidential nomination is given in the
subjoined table. Of the scattering votes.
Ohio gave her 46 to Patrick. Carr received
1 from Montana and 22 from South Caro
lina, Smith received Maryland's 16 votes
and Hogg and Danforth were accorded 1
vote each.
Former Officer Reported to Have
Left the New Boer Capital
Steyn and Dewet Sole Ob
stacles to Termination
of Transvaal War.
TWO GENERALS
ONLY OPPOSED
TO SURRENDER
PRAISES TICKET
AND PLATFORM
Mr. Belmont Says the Work
of the Kansas City Con
vention Will Be Satisfac
tory to All Democrats.
By OLIVER H. P. BELMONT.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS
CITY, July 6.— Of all national con
ventions that were ever held this
has probably been the greatest. The
mere mention of the name of Bryan
has made the people wildly enthusiastic.
It Is the most magnetic name that can be
mentioned. Of course, the greatest dem
onstration was made when Air. Bryan was
nominated, and who could fail to wonder
and be deeply impressed by the wild en
thusiasm of the spectators. 13ryan has had
hold of the convention from the opening
bang of the chairman's gavel to the last.
Now that the convention has adjourned
It can be said with truth that what was
done, both in regard to the platform and
nominee, is wonderfully satisfactory to
everybody. Whatever differences any of
the delegates may have had they have
locked them up In their breasts, and have
apparently forgotten them and they 'will
choerfully abide by the conclusion of the
convention. Everything has passed off
smoothly and nicely. Even the weather
for the last few days has been all that
could have been wished for. The New
York delegation will go back home filled
with enthusiasm and with a determina
tion to win the fight In the State.
The result of the November election will
certainly place New York In the list of
Democratic States. Also we will find in
the same column, safely Democratic, the
great States of Illinois and Indiana. The
declaration making Imperialism the para
mount issue will find great favor in the
East, as will also the plank sympathizing
with the struggling Boers. The ticket is
the best one that could have been made,
and will assuredly meet with success in
November.
JONES CHOSEN TO
SUCCEED HIMSELF
KANSAS CITT, July G.— The new na
tional committee of the Democratic party
met at the Kansas* City Club. Senator
Jones, who was not a member of the com
mittee, remained outside until the prelim-
POPULISTS MAY
STAND BY TOWNE
Three-PartB Conference Falls
to Bring About His immecLl
* ate Withdrawal.
KANSAS CITY, July 6.— A protracted
meeting of the conference committees of
the Democratic, Populist and Silver Re
publican parties was held at Lyceum Hall
to-night, av which the Vice Presidential
situation was discussed, with a view to
bringing about. If possible, an agreement
between the three parties. The members
of the Democratic committee urged the
Populist and Silver Republican represent
atives to use their influence In uniting
their parties in support of Bryan and Ste
venson. • '
"The Democrats all over the country,"
raid Commltteeman Johnson, turning to
the Populists, "know that Mr. Bryan is
your kind of a man.. If the two parties
were to unite and factions arose,
every Democrat knows that Mr. Bryan
would be found with our party. Demo
crats felt that the nomination of Mr.
Bryan was In deference to the more radi
cal reform element of the party, and that
a selection should be made for Vice Presi
dent to hold the conservatives. This
brought Mr. Stevenson's nomination.
There was a time that Mr. Towne had a
Ehow of success."
The conference of the representatives of
the three parties developed a peculiar sit
uation In some respects. The Democrats
were anxious for the withdrawal of
Towne from the Populist ticket, and the
Silver Republicans said as far as they
were concerned thjy would, through their
committee, nominate Stevenson for Vice
President, although profoundly disap
pointed that Towne was not named by
Affable Passenger— Indeed, and you are
a music hail artist. 1 am a banker, and
I think it is twenty years since I was in a
music haJ!.
Music Hall Artist (regretfully)— And
I'm. certain, guv-nor. It's twenty years
Finer- I was in a bank.— Moonshine.
"From what I have read I can see that
It Is a cunningly devised scheme to catch
the unwary and the unthinking voters. I
think the most labored effort in their
document was to create a difference be
tween expansion and Imperialism. It Is
rather amusing to see their line of demar
cation; they apparently rely upon the con
stitutional question to establish that
difference as to whether the flag follows
the constitution or the constitution fol
lows the flag. "We are perfectly willing
to meet that issue on their hypothesis. So
far as the free silver plank is concerned,
I think all Republicans will be satisfied. It
is certainly satisfactory to me."
CLEVELAND, July 6.— Senator Hanna,
asked for an expression on the Demo
cratic platform, said:
HANNA PLEASED
WITH PLATFORM
the E>emocratic convention. The Popu
lists w^re not in favor of the withdrawal
of Towne and maintained that the Popu
list National Committee, acting under in
structions of the Sioux Falls convention,
would be compelled to put another candi
date in the Held if Towne should with
draw, and that the committee could not
withdraw him. More than this, they as
serted that if Towne should be with
drawn and they should not put another
man in his place, their organization
would be endangered, and such action
would result in the Populists going over
to the middle-of-the-road ticket nominat
ed at Cincinnati. This would lessen the
chances of carrying States in the West
and intermountuln country.
It was also said that Mr. Bryan had
been apprised of the situation and that
several men had received word from him
to keep Towne in the field and to run a
double-tailed ticket in order to hold the
Populist and Silver Republicans in the
Western States. The fact that a number
of United States Senatorships depended
upon the success of the fusion of all
forces was given as a reason why the
Populist ticket should be kept in the field.
It was claimed by the Populists that two
Senators in Nebraska, one in South Da
kota, one in Kansas, one in Colorado and
possibly one in Wyoming depended upon
perfect fusion of the three forces.
The Populists made a plea for flelay,
saying that thirty days from now they
would have an opportunity to confer with
their people, and the conditions which
might make necessary the withdrawal of
Towne or his retention would be then
better understood. When the conference
broke up no conclusion had been reached.
A meeting of the Silver Republican
National Committee was held immediately
after the close of the conference and at
the end of a brief discussion it was voted
unanimously to place Adlai E. Stevenson
In nomination for Vice President and to
co-operate in every way with the Demo
cratic party for the success of the ticket.
The Populist committee met afterward,
and after a somewhat torrid discussion,
decided to take no action until after Mr.
Towne shall have had a conference with
Mr. Bryan. Mr. Towne "Mil leave for Lin
coln to-morrow.
and placed Abraham W. Patrick In nomi
nation. Ex-Congressman William H.
Hnowden of Pennsylvania pledged his
State to Stevenson. He talked so long,
however, that the audience drowned his
peroration in derisive cheers. .
Texas, Utah and Vermont- responded in
a similar manner, all seconding Steven
son's nomination. The spectators greeted
them with cheers and seemed inspired
with new hope when John W. St. Clair
of West Virginia took the. platform and
began to talk like an electrified revivalist
preacher. This created another infernal
uproar and his words were lost in the
confusion. It is understood that he sec
onded Stevenson's nomination.
Perfect Human Calliope.
Wisconsin sent up William Cooper, who
started off like a frightened rabbit. Ho
was a perfect human calliope, and as hb
subsided there were loud cries of "amen."
He was for Towne.
A delegate in the Wisconsin section re
plied that twenty-two of her sons were
for Stevenpon.
Arizona turned into the same path and
Prince David from Hawaii, with the un
pronounceable name, followed. John H.
Wise, his colleague, proclaimed himsell
for Hill. These announcements were
made from their seats in the hall.
Alaska tried to stem the tide by taking
the platform. Her representatives walked
backward and forward and were literally
hissed off the stage. This was the last
Territory called. J. Hamilton Lewis, car.
rying a 'straw hat, picturesque in appear
ance and picturesque in elegance, then
appeared at the desk and withdrew his
name from the list of candidates. There
was no interruption, and he was applaud
ed to the echo as he thanked his friends
and retired. , , ,
A ballot was then taken. It was quickly
evident that Stevenson was polling nearly
two-thirds of the votes. Hill had nearly
200 votes and Towne 85.
Tennessee nominated Stevenson by
changing her 24 votes for HilH Alabama
followed, and the different State delega
tions tumbled over each other in their ef
forts to be enrolled in the Illinois column.
There were loud cheers when Minnesota
renounced her claims, but they were in
creased tenfold when New York an
nounced her acceptance of the nominee.
At the conclusion of the changes the
chair said that Adlai Stevenson had been
unanimously nominated as the candidate
of the Democracy for the Vice Presidency.
The convention roared like an ocean In a
tornado, and the ticket was Placed be
fore the American people for their In
dorsement. ":¦"..;.
DELEGATES GROW
MY OF TALK
Continued from Third Page.
ination reported, without signifying the
same, that it had considered a plan and
asked for an appropriation of 525,000.
Chairman GursburRcr reported that the
placing in position of the electric display
will cost about $10,000; that $5000 will be
required for light.* for the electrical dis
play and about $4000 for bunting and flags.
The matter was referred back to the
committee with instructions to. present a
plan in detail at the next meeting, and the
committee was instructed to confer with
the financial committee.
J. Green of California Parlor suggested
that "the new music stand in Golden
Gate Park, the gift of Claus Spreckels,
one of the most enterprising citizens of
California," be dedicated during the cele
bration week. The matter was referred
to the committee on entertainment.
Dr. C. W. Decker and John A. Steinbach
were added to the decoration committee.
All subcommittees were directed to pre
sent an estimate of possible expenditures
to the finance committee and report back
at the next meeting.
There was a general talk about the ne
cessity of the several committees doing
a little hurry up work.
Congressman Kahn suggested that the
committee on press, on publicity, general
information and bulletins confer with the
railroad companies and induce them to
get out folders to advertise the coming
celebration in and out of the State.
The salary of the assistant secretary
was fixed at $150 per month.
Claus Spreckels was elected an hon
orary member of the general committee.
H. I. Mulcreevy stated that the Park
Commissioners will decorate the lawns of
Golden Gate Park with emblems of the
State in flowers.
A vote of thanks was passed to Con
gressman Kahn for his Interest in the
celebration, and a similar vote was
passed to the local press for the interest
manifested in the Admission day prepa
ration.
The decoration committee reported fur
ther in favor of advertising for bids for
flags and designs for an arch.
Alcatraz Parlor of this city has received
from its members $1000 in aid of the 1900
fund. One hundred members will parade
in navy fatigue uniforms of black cloth
with black braid trimmings. The parlor
has secured Union-square Hall for several
days and proposes to entertain in a lav
ish manner. The parlor has secured a
band of twenty pieces for its own use.
H. D. Anshro, chairman of the committee
on entertainment, has taken a great in
terest in this matter. Henry Lichtenstein
and Walter W. Burke will be the aids
from this parlor to the grand marshal.
Grand Marshal Costello has received a
letter from Colonel E. A. Forbes of
MarysviUe, who asks permission to bring
a Wild West show, composed of Digger
Indians, bucks, squaws and pappooses.
They will all take part in the parade.
An Indian non-union band of nine pieces
will accompany them and give some
Wild West music free of charge. They
propose to erect a tent in a vacant lot
somewhere In the metropolis and live in
genuine aboriginal fashion.
THERE was a large attendance last
night in Native Sons' Hall of the
members of the general committee
of the semi-centennial celebration of
the admission of California into the
Union. Judge Frank H. Dunne, first vice
chairman, presided.
W. M. Abbott and M. H. WMIken were
added to the parade committee.
The committee on badges and regalia
presented a report announcing the selec
tion of a badge for the members of the
general committee and a souvenir badge,
which will be issued by a private firm
which will allow the celebration fund 15
per cent of the proceeds of sales.
The excursion committee reported that
it is obtaining estimates as to the' num
ber of steamers and their capacity. The
committee recommended the appointment
ot, the honorary list of the general com
mittee of Rear Admiral Merritt. com
mandant at Mare Island, and Irving M.
Scott of the Union Iron Works.
The regatta committee, whose work
last week has already been published, re
ported additionally that ?3oO be appro 7
priated for trophies to be given yachts
that are to take part in races.
The souvenir committee reported that it
had received proposals to furnish buttons
and badges. This was referred to the
badge committee with a request that it
patronize home manufacture.
The committee on decoration and Ilium-
MEMBERS OF THE GENERAL CELEBRATION COMMITTEE.
CANTON. O.. July 6.— The home city of
the President to-day aceorcUd to his col
!• ayue on ihe Republican National ticket
an ovation almost unprecedented even In
Canton. It would be hard to say whether
the citizens of Canton voiced a more dem
onstrative welcome to President McKinley
or Governor Roosevelt, yet it may be said
with truth that Canton did not discrim
inate in to-day's demonstration, the first
occasion on which the Republican candi
dates for President and Vice President
personally met since the Philadelphia con
vention. Governor Roosevelt arrived in
Canton over the Valley Road at half past
E. His only companions from Cleveland to
Canton were the newspaper men who
have accompanied him on his lor.g trip to
Oklahoma. As the Governor alighted
from the train whistles blew and cannon
Loomed and an immense crowd gathered
about the station and gave him a mighty
cheer of welcome.
The President's secretary. George B.
Cortelyou was the lirst person to meet
bUa as be stepped from the platform.
Carriapc-s were in waiting. All alcng the
lir.i- irvm the stiitioa to the McKinley res
idence, nearly a miie, tl.e streets were
lined with people, and Governor Roosevelt
was kept «.»usy bowing his acknowledg
ments to the acclaims of the people of
Canton. A brass band played patriotic
airs and led the procession. The carriage
In Which Roos-.'velt rode was surrounded
by small boy.? shouting at the highest
pitch of their" voices, and bicyclists, who
Eeem< d anxious to feast their eyes on the
Rough Rider. The yard of the McKinley
residence and the streets a.ijaccnt were
Literally packed with humanity when the
Governor alighted from his carriage and
walked briskly toward the house. Then a
tremendous cht^r burst forth from the
assemblage. President McKinley was
standing on the porch waiting with out-
Etretched hands to greet his associate on
the national ticket.
Whm they shook hands the scene was
inspiring indetd. The assemblage was
clamorous for speeches, and when some
thing like quiet was restored the President
Introduced Governor Roosevelt in the fol
io wing words:
"1 cannot express the pleasure it has
given me to s>ee the enthusiastic wel
come my fellow citizens have given to
Governor Roosevelt, and also the pleas
ure of presenting him to you."
The Governor spoke by a few words,
but hi6 voice rang clear and loud and the
great crowd had no difficulty in hearing
iilm. He said:
"My fellow citizens: I thank you most
cordially for the way you have come for
ward to greet me. I know that none of
jou, least of all my old comrades here,
will grudge me in saying that I thank par
ticularly those who wear the buttons that
show they fought in the great war. *Ap
jjlausej
"1 cannot say how I appreciate this,
coming- as it does from the townsmen of
the President, who is now in a peculiar
tense my loader, and whom I shall fol
l«.w and" support with every ounce of
sarengih that there is in me. And. at
least, there is to be said for our side
that we know what tve believe. In Kan-
M s City they have had a little difficulty
In finding out what they believe. I see
!>y the papers that they had some diffi
culty, extending finally to a vote of 27 to
25, in pitting in free silver. Now. we be
lieve with iui our faith in a dollar worth
a hundred cents. Apparently they have
E2 per cent of faith in a 4S-cent dollar. I
do not intend to do mere this afternoon
than to apain thar.k you most cordially.
and to say that I appreciate what this
greeting: mcar.s. coming as it does from
the home of the President.
••I shall try to show myst-lf not wholly
unworthy of" the way in which you have
met me this afternoon."
The President and the Governor then
Tetired into the house, but the crowd was
not satisfied. The demand? for McKin
lev were so persistent that at length he
stepped out again upon the porch. A
gnat cheer vent up. which he silenced
with a wave of his hand.
"I only appear," said the President,
"that I may fay to you that I am going
to be with you most of the summer."
Cheers arid laughter followed this re
mark of the President and the crowd soon
liroke up. At dinner the only puests at
The McKinley residence besides the regu
lar household were Governor Roosevelt
and Judge and Mrs. Day. President Me-
Kin!ey and Governor Roosevelt were in
conference most of the evenine. but noth
itipr could be learned as to the matters
dipcusp^.
The Governor left for New York at
1:50.
"I am colng: direct to Oyster Bay to
morrow afternoon." he said, "and we are
pning to have some fireworks, a sort of
brlair-d Fourth of July celebration."
Governor Roosevelt refused to discuss
tho Kansas City platform or the candi
dates.
Makes a Short Speech, but Refuses
to Discuss th.e Platform Adopted
by Democrats at Kansas
City.
Followed by Thousands
From the Depot to the
President's House. #
CANTON GIVES
HEARTY GREETING
TO ROOSEVELT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTTLY 7, 1900.
SUB-COMMITTEES URGED TO
BE ACTIVE FOR THE JUBILEE
7
OJ « -3 M
» : 3 r
3 • (9 2
STATE. o ¦ • 3
F : : *»
Alabama 3 19
Arkansas 11 5
Calitonila 15 '. 3
Colorado 8
Connecticut 8 4
Delaware 4 2
Piorida 4 4
Georgia 26
Idaho 3 3
Illinois 48
Iowa 26
Indiana 28 2
Kansas 20
Kentucky 26
Iloulslana 15
Maine 10 2
Maryland --• ••¦-•- ••;;•• ls
Massachusetts » 13 11
Michigan 23 5
Minnesota "
Mississippi JS
Missouri 23 « 3 2
Montana * 3 •":•• x
Nebraska « •••••• 10
Nevada ••• * *
New Hampshire 8 ....
New Jersey •»
New York '2
North Carolina 22
North Dakota 6
Ohio • ; ••• <6
Oregon *«
Pennsylvania 64
Rhode Island 8
South Carolina 18
South Dakota 2 ...... 6
Tennessee •••• «¦*
Texas »>
Utah f
Vermont »
Virginia 24
Washington • 8
West Virginia 12 :...
Wisconsin 21 5
Wyoming 6
Alaska 6
Arizona 5 l
Indian Territory 6
New Mexico 5 1
Oklahoma SV4 2»j
District of Columbia.... 6
Hawaii ¦ •• «
Totals 659% 200 S3% 87
OJ « -3 M
» : 3 r
3 • (9 2
STATE. o ¦ • 3
F : : *»
Alabama 3 19
Arkansas 11 5
Calitonila 15 '. 3
Colorado 8
Connecticut 8 4
Delaware 4 2
Piorida 4 4
Georgia 26
Idaho 3 3
Illinois 48
Iowa 26
Indiana 28 2
Kansas 20
Kentucky 26
Iloulslana 15
Maine 10 2
Maryland --• ••¦-•- ••;;•• ls
Massachusetts » 13 11
Michigan 23 5
Minnesota "
Mississippi JS
Missouri 23 « 3 2
Montana * 3 •":•• x
Nebraska « •••••• 10
Nevada ••• * *
New Hampshire 8 ....
New Jersey •»
New York '2
North Carolina 22
North Dakota 6
Ohio • ; ••• <6
Oregon *«
Pennsylvania 64
Rhode Island 8
South Carolina 18
South Dakota 2 ...... 6
Tennessee •••• «¦*
Texas »>
Utah f
Vermont »
Virginia 24
Washington • 8
West Virginia 12 :...
Wisconsin 21 5
Wyoming 6
Alaska 6
Arizona 5 l
Indian Territory 6
New Mexico 5 1
Oklahoma SV4 2»j
District of Columbia.... 6
Hawaii ¦ •• «
Totals 659% 200 S3% 87
GRAND MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2
AND ETERY EVENING AT t.
The Enormous Comic Opera Success.
THE GEISHA
Which Next Monday Enters on Its Third ar.d
Last Week.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c
TELEPHONE BUSH ».
PHONE MAIN 535.
Walter Morose© Manager
MATINEE TO'OfKTT.
Immense Success of the
NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY
last two nights or
CHILDREN
OFTHEGHETTO
Next Monday-'THE DANCING GIRX*"
Prices— 73c. 50c. 25c. 15c. Matinee— 50c. 23c.
15c, 10c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATCRDAT). JTTLT T.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
SAN FRANCISCO NEVER SAW A BETTER
BILL.
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Awisted by MISS EVA RANDOLPH.
Quaker City Quartette.
THE FOUR COHANS
TODD-JUDGE FAMILY. GILBERT AND
GOLDIE. CARRIXGTOS. HOLLAND AN i>
GALPEN. MUSICAL DALE.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA^
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
THIS WEEK. EVERT NIGHT (Except Sun.).
CHARLES FROHMAX Present*
HENRYMILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANT
In the New York Lyceum Theater Success. THE
TREE OF KNOWLEDGE!
A Powerful Play by R. C. Carton.
NEXT WEEK-HENRY MILLER and Special
Company in the Comedy of Manners,
"A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE!"
Adapted From the French by Sydney Grundy.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
MATINEE" TO-DAY
AND TO-NIGHT LAST TIMES
"A DAY Al A NIGHr
TO-MORROW (SXJNDAT) NIGHT.
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST
IN
HOTTS SATIRE ON THE FAIR SEX IK
POLITICS.
"A CONTENTED WOMAN."
MISS NORMA WHALLEY in the Title Rcl*.
THIS WEEK ONLY
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY.
LAST TWO /V/CMTS
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by^WHrTE WHITTLESET.
Costly Scenic and Costume Production.
CARMEN
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS— "CA-
MILLE."
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
The Celebrated Wilson Family.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
Monster Cakewalk I
Order Seats by Pbohe. Park 23.
BASEBALL!
Stockton
vs.
San Francisco
TO-DAY AT 3 f*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O f*. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Earrlaoa Street*.
UNGLE SAM'S HOLIDAY
Is yours also, when you want your hotl-
day shirt front on. and a collar that won't
detract from your pleasure when cele-
brating. Take your linen to a reliable
laundry, where the edges of your collars
and cuffs will not be frayed and where
the color and finish will do you proud
anywhere, such as is always turned out
at the United States laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 363 12th Street.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
T^JT FTTH wl U you have. th»
1 1—i— 1 II* comforts of jfood teeth, or
the wretched misery, suf>rln* and terribla
pangs of toothache and brokea-down constitu-
tion, caused by polluted breath from decayed
teeth. And yet many struggle on through Ufa
and allow their teeth to get ln this moat de-
plorable condition without seeking the proper
source to have their teeth restored to their
natural condition.
We are making a specialty of gold crown and
bridge work; the most beautiful, painless and
durable of all dental work known to the pro-
fession. Our name alone will be a guarantee
that your work will be of the best. We hava a
specialist ln each department.
Full a«t of teeth 13. a perfect fit guaranteed
or no pay. Gold crowns, |5. Gold fillings, jv,
Silver filllnrs. 50c.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
| DR. MEYERS & CO.
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
fit ,T *X' I 1
*& » p. V m.,__^ /» {** * n
', Urgest Medical Institute and Most Extensive
Practice. Consultation Free.
I 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO \
' X Home Cures. Eealsd FriTsts Boole, Fr;». .
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe rhow their appreciation of the
comforta and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and. operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
Mfe CHICHE«TER'8 EN6LI8M
P EfJNVrsGVfiL RllS
¦9 «/V^w Original ud Only tieaulne.
P-TV^g^NBAFE. *l«j»'»»i«t>i«. Ladles m* Drn*?1rt
frS\ &$«, »w CHICHESTEK'S ENGLISH
Lt'yS&kJiS+S 1» KED tad Oold metallic boxes, if »:M
*trv -—^MfJ -»tt!i blae ribbon. Take no other. Rcfkao
T?1 ***» *VJ J>a«ser<na Sabstltatlms aad Imlta-
1"/ ~ fW tlon*. Bujof jour iirajgist. »r urnd 4c. la
i 1 w ' Jf stamp* for Partlealara, Testimonials
1<B* Li and "Relief for Ladle*," in ferrsr, b? r*.
_A L' tars Mall. 10,000 TetumoaUlj. Sold by
v — — / all DrBj«l««. «hleh».ter Ckemlaal C«_
M«atlon thl« p.»«r. Ma<Ua»» Saaarg. PUIL^. flZ
A'^t&fi&a&^&iM m * ? tt * s non-poisonoi»
««V< l 5«^^ v *^fe*a r?nt>d 7 fr* Gonorrhoea,
VPJjSrCDBEb Sgfl Gl^t. bparmatorrhoea,
jfSt^Flal to6<»*7*-^H Vrhitta, unnatural Jl»,
&£*£f Ocuuucl Jg charges, or any inflcT>m»
jtjafijj not to •ertotare. tion, i irritation or ulcer*
flt^gjPnTtntt oeauflon. tion ot Bacons cjenb-
ffJ*aTHEEvWS CHEXlOuCa branes. Nan-«atriagent.
'tapAcJNCWHATI.O •gfctSi Sol<1 DT DntXViatM,
«*iiy*k. n ¦» a vSsi; or sent ln plain wrapper,
"la&^l fcy "Fras. crcpiUa. tCi
TGffiSfi^T'^^a i 1 - 00 ' or 3 Iwuibt, #.74.
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR OOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
1/DArU Were aacccaafal at Nomt laat
IVrCUUll 7*ar. All other* failed. la opera,
tlon dally. > Btcveoaoa it. 3. F.
AMUSEMENTS.
PTOPlirDJC CONCERT HOUSE.
erma wixg; isabelle underwood
and SIG. ABRAMOFF ln Scene From "RO-
MEO AND JULIET"; NORMAX PHILLIPS,
rTESTELLE SISTERS. LITTLE MELVILLE
COAKLEY and EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE
SU17RO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily From J a in. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 8c
Bathing Including Admission. S3c; Children 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
and Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound have
restored health and
happiness to scores . ©/
women. This Is not a
mere advertising claim,
but a positive fact.
The reason Fflrs. Pink"
hsm is so qualified to ad'
vise ivomcn is because
for 20 years sho has been
treating and studying
woman's ills. Her ad'
dress Is Lynn, Mass*
if you ara ill, writo to
her far help, as thousands
of wonsQFf are doing.
I Lydia E. Phklun'f Vegetable Compound
relieves painful periods
and regulates menstrU'
aticn. it cures backache,
kedney^trozhtes and all
uterine disorders.
Read the letters front
women appearing regu»
iarly in this paper.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"absoujte^
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /^^^^,
T«rr •¦tall acad as •asy
S» take aa swear. V
SFF In a dttdVI"" 1 headache. ccp
ML CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. StC
._.._„._ SPITTLE r0R BIUGUSHESS. nmmxin
GENUINE f ver for torpid liver. GENUINE
H p| its F0S CON $TIPAT1QM.
WBAPPFB II S3 * FOR SALLOW SKIS. WIMPPFfl
THE TIR5T
LOT- IT^TO YOUR INTEREST TO SEE THEM - FOR THEN YOU'LL BUY i
CHILDREN'S Chocolate Vid Kid, button, pretty designs, spring heels, latest model toe, sizes 7 to 10H fl.OO the pair
MISSES' Chocolate Vlcl Kid. £utton, with sprinr heels, very pretty shoes, indeed; new designs, sizes 11 to 2 $1.15 the pair
LADIES" Chocolate Viet Kid, lace, new coin toe. straight tip, medium heels, very smartest . design and shoe, built for both
comfort and style, all sires.......... • ........................; fl.OO the pair
LADIES' dark tan kid Oxfords, lace, wide colntoe. turned soles, chic and pretty; a wear-well shoe '..'..fl.OO the pair -
MEN" S Finest Vici Kid. lace, new meteor toe and tip; Just the shoe for comfort and appearance.. $2.65 the pair
THERE ARE MORE LINES TO FOLLOW- ANY0FTHE5E SHOES
WILL BE SOLD TO OUT-OF-TOWN-FOLK PROVIDED THEY PAY THE PO5TAGE.
5ee qur Widows. KA5T S 73Q-74O MARKET 5T.Insolvent Liquor-Dealers.
LOS ANGELES, July 6.— E. Laventhal
&; Sons, wholesale dealers In liquors and
cigars, filed a petition In insolvency thi3
afternoon. The liabilities are 130,000 and
assets $3000.
What Will Become of China P
None can foresee the outcome of the quarrel
between foreign powers over the division of
China. It is intere«tlne to watch the K oln« to
pieces ol this ancient but unproicresslve race.
Many people in . America are also gain* to
pieces because of dyspepsia, constipation,
blood, liver and stomach diseases. We are liv
ing too fast, but strength, vigor and good
health can be retained if we keep off and cur«
the above diseases with Host«ter"« Stomach
Bitters. '
GOLD IN MONTEBEY.
Rich Ledge of Quartz Found in tho
Los Burros District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, July 6.— News has reached
here of a rich gold quartz find in Los Bur
ros district, in the southern portion of
Monterey. County. The new find Is be
lieved to be a "float"' from some rich
gold bearing ledge In the immediate vi
cinity, and considerable excitement has
been the result of the discovery. A num
ber of claims have been located in tho
vicinity of the find and already some val
uable nuggets have been taken from the
place.
A three-ounce nugget was found by A.
Crulkshank, and about a fortnight ago
four nuggets, which sold for $415, were
found by Peter Glllis on Spence Creek.
Glllis also took over J1000 worth of nug
gets from his placer claim in the last
month. It Is said, the largest nugget
weighing fourteen ounces.
? —
Smallpox at Jackson.
Special Di«patch to The Call.
JACKSON, July 6.—After a thorough ex
imination the physicians to-day an
lounced that the little Guerra girl Is suf
'erlng from smallpox and not measles as
was at first reported.
Conflagration Has Nearly Burned
Itself Out and Damage Is Esti
mated at $2,400,000.
NEW YORK. July 6.-The fire at the
Standard Oil Company's works was prac
tically under control at e o'clock to-night
and will probably burn Itself out *by to
morrow morning. The official estimate of
the damage is $2,400,000. The company In
sured its own property, a fund being set
aside for that purpose.
DEATHS FROM HEAT.
Three Persons Succumb to the Hot
Wave in Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 6.— Heat caused three
deaths and several prostrations to-day
The dead: - •
Anthony Sedlock, J. Cronin, Hugh F
Moore. ;
Burned by Electricity.
SACRAMENTO. July 6.— This evening
Fred Holden. an electrician in the power
station of the Sacramento Electric Com
pany, was badly burned In the face and
eyes by a flash of electricity caused by
a hammer which he held lightly touch
ing one of the bus bars. • The flash was
from the whole force of the big dynamo
&t Folsom. His face la badly burned and
it is feared his eyesight may be destroyed.
"Wreck Near Summit.
SACRAMENTO, July 6.— About 1 o'clock
this morning a locomotive crashed Into a
caboose of a freight train on the Central
Pacific Railway in a tunnel east of Sum
mit. The caboose was set on fire by lamps
and destroyed In a short time. The com
pany's fire train prevented the spread of
the flames. The track was blocked for
several hours with the debris.
STANDARD OIL FIRE
PRACTICALLY CONTROLLED
OREGON GOES AGROUND
FOR THE SECOND TIME
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1500, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Now Safe in Deep Water and Proceed
ing to the Imperial Docks
in Japan.
CHKFU, July 5.— The United States bat
tleship Oregon after being floated
grounded again. She Is now safe and Is
in deep water, proceeding to the imperial
docks in Japan for repairs.
rNTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Ap-
I ¦ pointed and Postal Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 6.-John H. Sar
gent of New Whatcom, Wash., has been
appointed Immigrant Inspector at $5 per
day for duty in the Puget Sound district.
The appointment was made through the
Civil Service Commission.
Postmasters appointed: California — Ber
lin. Colusa County, C. M. Weaver.
Oregon— Croston, Marion County, C. E.
Tyler; Spicer, Linn County, R. W. Norris;
Vistallis. Klamath County, A. Lapham.
Postomces established: California—
Smeltzer, Orange County, Daniel K.
Smeltzer, Postmaster.
Washington— Badger, Whatcom County,
Carl Glenman, Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Frederick \V. Reed, Piano.
Pensions granted to-day: California,
original— William L. Campbell, Los Ange
les, $6; Enoch Crook, San Jose. $6: Edward
H. Moran, San Diego, $G; John Mclntire,
San Francisco, $6: Klizabeth Baldridge,
nurse, Pomona, $12; Joseph Engel, Peta
luma, $G; John R. McVicker, Poplar, $8.
Restorations and supplemental— David
Mains, dead, Red Bluff, $6. Widows-
Louise Adams, San Bernardino, $S; Eliza
J. Mains, Red Bluff, $S. Spanish war:
Original— Louis Bracht, San Pedro, $12:
Sarah M. Lily, Benicia, $40.
Oregon*:.. Original— James F. Lee. River
ton, $6: Hiram Weatherly, Scottsburg, $8.
Restoration and Increase— Solomon A.
Hammsrsley, dead, New Pine Creek, $3.
Widows— Celina Petre, Monmouth. JS: Su
san E. Hammersley, New Pine Creek. $8.
Washington: Original— Richard A. Rew,
Harrington, f6: James W. Alexander.
Seattle, $G; Henry A. Brown, Soldiers'
Home, Ortlng, $8: John Cole. Orting, $6:
John E. Miller, Getschell, JS: Charles
Rock. Soldiers' Home. Orting, J6. Widows
— Hattle A. Adams, Shelton. $3. Spanish
war: Original— Walter Smedley, Fremont,
$10.
Ed Kripp Arrested.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 6.-When Ed
Kripp, the well-known baseball manager,
was leaving the Courthouse this after
noon his wife's father, Thomas J. Wald
ron, after some words with him attempted
to draw a revolver to shoot him. Kxlpp
disarmed him and Waldron later caused
his arrest for battery. Divorce proceed
ings are pending between Kripp and hia
wife.
Drilling for Oil Stopped.
LOS ANGELES, July 6.— The city or
dinance forbidding *he drilling of oil with
in a limit of 1600 feet from Westlake; and
Sunset- parks has been sustained by Su
perior Judge Smith.
rrustees Entrained
BACKAMEXTOi July €.-Judge Hughes
Df the Superior Court this afternoon i.<=
rued an injunction restraining the Board
of Trt:*-tee« fr^m payir.g any money on a
contract entered into with A. J. Coffee of
Fan Fracclsco for f-QuIpping the olty with
t'.ve GaraeweU t.re alarm and police tole
(zrzyih avprrm at an eipf-n?e of rome
BtJSOI. Judge Huphes holds that th«s
Hoard cf Trustees had no right to enter
into n contract for *o large an amount
witho-jt first submitting the proposition to
a vote, of the people and further that it
vras not «0:own that there existed an
UT?*-r.i r.re3 for the pystem.
Speaker Henderson Coming.
DTTBCQUE. I;*.. July 6.— Speaker D. 13.
HtftlemoJ wife and <?auRhter, left last
night in a private car for Yellowstone
Park zr/l (he Pacific Coast, going via ?t.
P»nL
Veterans Elect Officers.
Fr«*-!*I Dispatch to Tne Ca
Mrs. Avilla Sues for Divorce.
Fractal iji«;atch to The ea
SANTA CRUZ. July 6.— The North Cen
tral California Veterans' Reunion Asso
ciation encampment in this city has been
a most successful and enjoyable one and
is fast drawing to a close. This morning
the annual buslnes session was held and
the following officers elected for the en-
Fuing year: Commander, D. H. Bryant,
San Jos-e; senior vice commander, Charles
Crashili. Santa Cruz; second vice com
mander. Mrs. KJith H. Kvans, Lop Gatos;
third vice commander, L. B. Mallery.
I>os Gates: fourth vice commander, Mrs.
L. Woodruff, East San Jose: fifth vice
commander. Miss Jennie Fitch, Los
Gato*: quartermaster. W. H. Lawrence,
\^rs Gato«: surgeon. C. AV. Mallory. r.os
Gates; chaplain. Comrade Wolf. San
Jose. Other officers will be appointed to
morrow, including a council of adminis
tration.
SAN* RAFAEL, July 6.-Mrs. Maggie
Genevlevp Avilla of Sausalito has filed a
suit for divorce from her husband. Man
uel V. Avilla, charging him with Infidel
ity. A fiftocn-ycar-cld girl is named as
co-re«ponc!<;nt in the case. Avilla has dis
appeared from the country and Is now
fupposeii to be in Portugal. He if> well
kncv.n araoii? the merchants of San
Francisco, being the senior mem'xT of
the firm of Avilla & Sherry, commission
merchants cf 321 Clay street, that city.
Attorney John T. Hogan Is Charged
"With a Serious Offense by
Jacob Schnepf.
John T. Hcgan, an attorney, app^ar^o
before Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge
of obtainiuK money by false pretf n«c-s.
The complaining witness was Jacob
Sctrnepf. : r JT Main street. The amount al
leged :n the ccmplair.i was J17 50. but
:.'.,'-'.>i claims that Kogan obtained a.1-
U getber auout $4 ¦) from him.
;-ci:::»-pf tf^tifced that he has an in
terest in the tstate of Bab«tta M<*yer. So-
notsa County, and made a contest of the
will. lie lost the cu^e and Hcfran came
to him prt-tendir.g that h*» could by an
i>jjj.*-tl to the Supreme Court reverse the
Hogea made several trips to Sonoma
< oacty to look, as he paid, through the
r< DOFCJt, and pot JSj for each inp. The
County O*>rk t<-stirt>d that he never saw
Kcexa there. Jt was «hov.a thai Ifr.gan
is n<.t entitled to practice ir. the Supreme
Oomti ar.d the Judge ca:d he was con
vinced that Hogan had deliberately
li'.aziv.f-'*. to ro'j Schnepf.
At Hr.jran's request a continuance waa
eraotod till WPdn^Ftfay to enable him to
bring forward witn^s^es in hlF behalf.
ACCUSED OF SWINDLING
HIS GUILELESS CLIENT
Indians Burned.
SAN DIEGO, July 6.— Two unknown In
dlans were burned to death in a brush
fire on the Manzanilla Indian Reserva
tion, near Campo. last night-
CHICAGO, July 6.-A special to the
Record from Canton, Ohio, says: A
statement made by Judge "William R.
Day, president of the Paris Peace Com
mission and former Secretary of State, In
his address here at the celebration of In
dependence day, has been construed by
many to mean that the United States
Government held Spain responsible for the
blowing up of the battleship Maine.
The following is the. paragraph in ques
tion: "In the realm of international law
we have set a ntw and high example to
the nations of the earth. Enduring, un
til patience ceased to be a virtue, {he
cries of an oppressed people, observing
the obligations of neutrality until organ
ized tyranny and oppression culminated
In wanton treachery and the destruction
of an American vessel and an American
crew in a harbor where they had a right
to be secure, the Americaji nation de
manded, not vengeance or pecuniary in
demnity, but the termination of a sov
ereignty which made such a condition
possible. And then came a national up
rising, not of section against section, but
of all the country."
When questioned to-day about the para
graph Judge Day said he meant in hia
speech just what the words said. Asked
for a direct statement whether the Gov
ernment did not regard Spain as the
party resposible for the destruction of
the. Maine, he repeated that the words of
Wednesday's address meant nothing more
nor less than they read. He gave the fol
lowing additional statement on the ques
tion:
"I do not think it requires elabora
tion. As was well known, the destruction
of the Maine was one of the causes that
led to the war. Undoubtedly while an
chored at a pier chosen by Spanish offi
cials the Maine was blown up by the ex
plosion of a mine outside of the vessel.
Just who did this has never been demon
etrated, so far as I know. It must have
been by some one who knew the location
of the mine and had access to the means
by which It was exploded."
Judge Day then quoted a statement
from the protocol.
In a Fourth of July Speech He Out
lines the Attitude of the Amer
ican Government at the
Time of th.« Horror.
SAYS SPAIN US
RESPONSIBLE FOR
MAINE DISASTER
Direct Statement Made by
Former Secretary of
State Day.
The United States transport Rosecrans
had a lively time of it in the ice while on
the way to Nome. She went from here to
Seattle, where she took aboard two com
panies of the Seventh Infantry, In com
mand of Major Van Arsdale, twenty me
chanics, nineteen longshoremen, 800,000
feet of lumber, a large quantity of com
missary stores and some general mer
chandise for the new post to be estab
lished by the army authorities at Nome.
Leaving Seattle on June 2 the Rosecrans
made good progress until June 15, when
6he went on a sand bar off the coast half
way between St. Michael and Nome,
where she remained three days. Nearly
all the lumber and supplies were light
ered Into the boats before the Meteor
towed the transport off. and these 'got lost
In the tog and may never be heard from
again.
A graphic running account of the
trouble on the Rosecrans arrived from
Dutch Harbor yesterday. The writer says:
Early in the morning of June 10 we ran Into
a heavy fog bank. We came to anchor about
10 p- m. and lay there until the morning of tha
14th, when, to the delight of every one on
board, the heavy fog which had been hang-
Ing over ui for three days lifted, and at 2:30
a. m. the anchor was taken In and we again
started on our trip northward.
The sun faas beer, shining brightly since 2:15
a. m. and the air Is cool and bracing. Every
one on board In In the very best of pood humor,
expecting that we will reach our destination by
2 p. m, to-morrow.
At 3:30 p. m. we passed the three-masted
schooner Fred Sanders running south. She
reported that «he had been far to the north,
but, like the others we had met, waa stopped
by the lee; she also reported having met sev
eral steamers trying to work their way to-
A regular watch is now kept in the crow's
nest, and great hopes are entertained that we
will reach tht land of gold by noon to-morrow.
But alas, man proposes, etc., and all hopes of
reaching Nome at an early date ar- now laid
aside. We have a more difficult problem than
getting through the Ice to solve.
On a sand bar In the middle of Bering Sea,
hard and fast. After dodging in and out,
through immense fields of ice for the past
forty-eight hours, until 3 a. m. June 15. we
wake up to- find our engines at a standstill,
not because we have at last reached that prom
ised land of riches, but instead the good ship
Rcsecrans Is hard and fast on a sand bar
("and as helpless as Billy Bryan trying to
solve his 16 to 1 to the satisfaction of the
American people").
Vk'n find we are about eighty miles from
Norr.e and the same distance from St. Michaels.
There is no excitement on board. Every one
Is fully aware of the fact that we are stuck
hard and fast, and here we will stay until such
time as enough labor Is expended In lightering
up the ship to make her float.
At 5 a. m. the 3tearrtr Charles Nelson of San
Francisco I« giving us all the help she can.
She has brok*n two large hawsers and a steel
cable and still we did not budge an Inch. The
pteam barkentlne Morning Star came up close
tc us and asked if we wanted any assistance,
but she cr-uld be of little or no use to us, so
The Charles Nelson,*, finding she could not
move us, left for Dutch Harbor. She has
nearly 400 people en board and has run short
cf provlsicrs.
The work of lightening up the Rosecrans has
now commenced and all hands are at work
taking out cargo. Rafts are being built along
side. Our. big life boats and four surf boats
are being ueed for lighter*,' and the general
merchandise Is being transferred to them as
fast as the winches can lift It out. Another at
tempt was made to move the ship at
high tide to-day, but still not a move. Another
trial was made early on the morning of June
16. and although we moved some distance
astern we are still hard and fast.
At 5:30 p. m. June 17 the tug Meteor came
alongside and was engaged to stand by us
and give any assistance we might need to get
the ship out In deep water.
We have four large rafts of lumber, three
of the ship's life boats and four surf boats all
loaded with freight alongside.' Soundings have
been made to find the deepest channel. One of
our large anchors, with 100 fathoms of steel
cable attached, has been laid out In readiness
to give a haul when the proper time comes,
and the tug Is all ready to give any assistance
that may be required of her.
During the day the wind has been steadily
Increasing and Is now blowing a good stiff
breeze and blowing great fields of ice down
on us. ;¦- ¦-: " •:"
At 3:30 a. m. the tug took hold of us. the
steam windlass put on all its power, the ship's
engines went full speed astern, and after a
few moments of anxious waiting the Rose
crans slipped into deep water.
At last we are once more in deep water. But
every raft and boat we had loaded with freight
Is out of sight. While the work of getting
ready to pull the ship off was going on very
little attention was paid to anything elee. and
the wind that kept driving the ice toward us
sent a large pack of ice along, which took hold
of our rafts and boats and carried them away.
The Meteor was at once sent oft to hunt them
up, and she returned about 9:30 with two of
our large rafts and one of the life boats. She
again went out and brought in two more of
the boats, but ail the freight they contained
was gone. The other rafts, four surf boats
and one life boat are still at large and we
have no hope of ever seeing them agaJn.
Reloading the freight and lumber saved Was
then pushed on rapidly and at 8 a. m., June
19, the anchor wan again taken up and we
headed in. toward Nome,, ahy about 100,000 feet
of lumber. 500 packages of general merchan
dise, one life boat and four new surf boats. We
ran up elope to the Ice, and-after finding It
was lmposFlble to get through to Nome we
turned about for Dutch Harbor, and before
reaching open water had to run through sev
enty mllw of very heavy drift Ice.
Thursday, June 21. .we arrived at I>utch Har
bor at 6 p. m. and dropped anchor. All the
Nome and St. Michaels fleet had left for the
north some days ago and . the steamer* Robert
Dollar and Cleveland have been to Nome and
landed all their freight and passenger*. They
went up early In the season and rot In by the
western paisacd going around St. Lawrence
Island. • ¦¦<. -'
Ran on a Sand Bar — Cargo Was
Loaded Into Lighters and. the
Bergs Carried the Light
ers Away.
Transport Rosecrans Meets
With Disaster in.
Bering Sea.
LOST HALF OF
HER CARGO IN
TIE ICE FLOES
The people who live In Southern Cali
fornia and those whose business it is to
travel between the City of Angels and the
metropolis of the Pacific will find deep
satisfaction In the fact that the Southern
Pacific Company has arrived at a point
where they can see "daylight" In the con
struction of the coast line.
The engineers' department announced
yesterday that the tracks being laid from
Surf southerly and north from Ellwood
are only fifteen inileu apart and that at
COAST GAP SOON TO BE
CLOSKD.
the present rate of construction the con
tinuous rail from San Francisco to Santa
Barbara and I-^>s Angeles should be com
pleted within sixty days. There are sev
eral viaducts to be finished, but the pro
press of the contractors is now satis
factory.
There has been a railroad to Surf for
seven years, but under the new impetus
which competition has given the Southern
Pacific, the difficult and costly work be
yond that point has been continued. From
Surf south thirty-two miles have been
completed and from Ellwood north nine
more miles of track have been added to
the coast system. The work on the road
bed and bridges is of pood quality, calcu
lated for fast and heavy traffic as well as
comfort for the traveler.
The equipment department is prepared
to do its share in opening up the new line
and unless there should be some unfore
seen delay in startinp the trains, due to
managerial policy, the people of Santa
Barbara should be afforded the long-de
ferred opportunity to hold the great rail
road celebration In a few weeks. It has
long been intended that this Jubilee shall
be one of the greatest ever held in the
State.
One of the high officials of the Southern
Pacific Company said yesterday that the
large majority of the public, who believe
that the line will be an "all-cool" route
(lay and night, will be disappointed, as the
Salinas Valley has considerable claims to
being a "hot spot" and that in starting
from this city at 8 o'clock in the morning
the traveler would not reach the coast
till five o'clock In the evening. In his
Btatement, however, he provided some
consolation In the announcement that the
running time would be reduced nearly
one-half, "thus 'reducing the hot-weather
agony in that proportion."
The work of straightening the line from
Ellwood through Santa Barbara to Ven
tura Is under way and will prove a cost
ly one. as it passes through very valuable
Improved property, particularly in the
city of Santa Barbara.
In connection with the construction of
this road, there is no excuse for the empty
dinner pall, by reason of the fact that
the company officials cannot procure labor
fast enough to meet their demands, and
they are still sending orders to Salt Lake
for men to do their work. "We are not
ioingr this to Rive the workingmen of this
State a black eye. but because we are
compelled to have the labor and cannot
set It here," said Chief Engineer Hood
yesterday.
The accompanying diagram shows the
condition of the famous gap that has so
long been the worry of Southern Cal
fornlan3.
Southern Pacific Company Announces
Definite Progress in Construction.
and Difficulty in Securing
Track Builders.
September Should See the
Long Delayed Union of
Steel Rails.
FAMOUS COAST
LINE GAP WILL
SOON BE CLOSED
CREW OF THE BLACKBRAES BENDING SAIL ON THE BALCLUTHA.
Word has ecrne to the adjutant general
of the National Guard of this State that
the cruiser Philadelphia will be assigned
to duty as a training ship for the Naval
Ite*erve of CaJifornia during the first
«voek of Aug-ust next.
There has been a well defined rumor
for scir.e time to the effect that eome ves
tel of the navy wouJd be assigned to the
service of trainir.g the naval reserves on
their annual cruise, but it is only within
the past week that the Philadelphia was
ipoken of as the ship to be assigned. The
notice of bfcr assignment caxne to the ad
i'jtar.t gen»?raJ last everBng and he at once
con-.rnunicated with Captain James ; the
commanding officer of the State Naval
Reserve.
It was the expectation of the oracer*
End men of the reserve to be ordered on
i. cruise with the Marion, their own ship,
and preparations for such a cruise have
bettn going along for some time, but the
essig-nment of the Philadelphia seems to
get the possibiiitv of. going out on the
Marion aside. It Is possible, however,
that before the Philadelphia is ready for
th^ duty she will have been sent out to
L'h.'r.a to duty on the Asiatic coast and
the oripinaJ intention cf the reserves may
therefore be carried out.
La?i year the Naval Reserves had a
cruis*- on the United State* steamship
Badger, just After her return from Sa
moa. The seven divisions, from Eureka
dnwa the coast to San Diego, were takei.
DO hoard and were put through all the
Brills and duties of the regular seamen.
Ther* wa.» a cruise to the north after tne
Eureka division with the San Francisco
divisions. Then the Eureka men were set
Kfhore and the vi-ss«?i cruised back to put
;he Sa« Frar.cisco men ashore. Then she
tv«-::t pouth and took up the divisions at
Santa <"ruz. Santa Uirbaxa azid San
Lit-go and gave them all a week out in
blue water. Boxnc such programme is be
ing arranged for this year, but there hai
Dot been, so far. any Intention to take
»i:y vessel but the Marion.
Thf report of the work of the California
reserve* that went to Washington after
tht- cruise last >*ar was a very favorable
one and it is probable that has caused the
e^:jrr; mem of the Philadelphia, in every
way a more suitable vessel than the
J;adger fur such a purpose, to the duty
th is year.
The I'hiladelphia !s now at Astoria.
Che Is Under Orders to De-rote the
First Week in Angnst to
California Militia,
Sailors.
Cruiser Philadelphia Has
Been Assigned to
the Duty.
PREPARING TO
TAKE THE NAVAL
RESERVE TO SEA
There was trouble on the Hawaiian ship
Baiclutba and the British ship Black
braes a couple of days ago. One vessel
loaned some men to the other to bend
sails, and while they were at work they
were stolen by the boarding masters. The
mate of the vessel that lost the men made
the round of the boarding houses and took
his men aboard in spite of ail resistance.
Then the boarding mr-.sters tried to rescue
the sailors and there was a free flght -In
which many a ckuil was cracked and the
runners got the worst of It.
The Blackbraes arrived here on May 24
after a passage that lasted nearly a year.
Not a man aboard has less than $000 com
ing to him and In consequence there were
uo desertions. •
The Balclutha. will go to the Sound to
lead lumber fur Australia and was short
of men. Captain Hatiield wanted his sails
bent a*id l-eir.g handed asked for the
loan o' a. few men from the Blackbraes.
As soon zs the men were at work on the
Balclutha the runners appeared on board
with several bottles of water front rye.
As soon as the whiskey got to work the
men were read— for anything and willing
ly deserted when a run ashore was pro
posed.
When the mate of the Blackbraes heard
that his men had been stolen he at once
went ashore armed with a pistol. He
m«.de the round:, of tne hoarding houses
and Inside of an hour had all of his sail
ers aboard the ship again. The next
morninp the boarding masters made a
combined raid on the Blackbraes. but the
mate and second mate, aided by the
boatswain and carpenter, met them with
belaying pins, and inside of three minutes
the whole invading force was driven over
the side, some of them much the worse
for wear. Yest?rday the Blackbraes went
to Port Costa and there will be more
trouble when she comes down. To-day the
Balclutha will go to sea.
Vesesls at Home.
Private advices received here yesterday
,Ftate that the schooners Fred E. Sanders,
Annia M. Campbell, Winslow and Ante
lope have arrived at Nome.
Water Front Notes.
The San Jose was also among the ar
rivals and the passengers passed resolu
tions of thanks and appreciation for the
manner In which Captain Brown bad
cared for them and thefr welfare.
Captain Palmgren of the schooner
North Bend is to take command of the
barkentina Encore, vice Captain Atwood.
decea!«ed. From here the Encore will go
to the Columbia River to load lumber for
Australia.
The steamer Umatilla arrived from Pu
get Sound ports yesterday with a large
cro-»d of cabin passengers, but very few
Japanese. Since the war began all the
"little brown men" are staying at home
in order to get another chance at the
Chinese.
The new schooner William Olsen will
sail to-day for the Sound to load lumber
for Honolulu. She will come home with
a load of pugar and will then enter the
Mexican trade.
John L.. Prvor is just back from a. visit
to Congress Springs. He left his wife up
there, but expects to bring her home next
month to a fine new mansion he has had
built on Gur-rr*ro 5=tref-t.
The Balclntha Was Short of Hen and
the Blackbraes Loaned Her Some.
Banners Stole Them and
the Fun Began.
Lively Times Over Stealing
Sailors From the Ship
Blackbraes.
NEWS FROM TIE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The new Democratic State Central Com
mittee t wiH mret for organization at the
California Hotel In this city on Monday,
July 16. The call for the meeting was 13
sued yesterday by Seth Mann, chairman
of the outgoing State Committee.
The Democrats axe making extensive
preparations for the Bryan and Steven
son ratification meeting at Metropolitan
Temple this evening. Ex-Governor James
H. Budd. Robert Ferral and W. H. Alford
are among the speakers on the list.
The Kansas City nominations were not
received with special demonstrations of
joy Ky San Francisco Democrats. Four
years ago, Just after Bryan was nomi
nated at Chicago, the local lights of the
party went wild with enthusiasm, pre
dicting that the ticKet would sweep tha
country. v es terday there were not many
predictions of Democratic triumph. Re
grets were expressed that Hill of New
i'ork declined second place on the ticket.
Extreme disappointment was caused by
the action of me convention in yielding to
the decree of Bryan in reference to the 16
to 1 plank of the platform. Leading
Democrats threw up tuelr hands ana ac
knowledged that the main chance of
party success had been thrown away in
the declaration for free coinage of silver.
Democrats had hoped to go into the cam
paign as advocates of sound money, but
Bryan's determination to force the silver
question to the front and the convention's
surrender of principle to his whims
dashed their hopes to the ground. No
one could be found yesterday at the head
quarters of the party in the California
.Hotel. ' v
Inquiries develop the fact that tha
Democrats propose to devote special at
tention to candidates for Congress and
the State Legislature. There is Demo
cratic sentiment in favor of nominating
State Senator It. Porter Ashe for Con
gress in the Fourth District. It is said
that Judge Coffey will not accept the nom
ination. Conjecture tha.t Gavin McNab
desires the nomination is not founded
on fact. Last night Mr. McNab said that
he would not accept the position even
if it were offered to him by appointment.
In Republican ranks it is admitted that
Julius Kahn will be renominated. No
doubts of his election, were expressed un
til the report was confirmed that Martin
Keily and Phil Crimmins Congressional
Committee In that district had petitioned
for a separate convention. Members of
the State Central Committee were sur
prised when they heard of the petition
for a separate convention in the Fourth,
as no opposition whatever to Mr. Kahn's
renomination had been reported. So far
as can be ascertained the main purpose
that Crimmins and Kelly have in view
is to perpetuate their hold on the com
mittee of the district. The convention
that nominates the candidate will also ap
point a committee to comprise the gov
erning body of the party in the district
for the next two years.
Republicans should not blind them
selves to the danger of losing a Represen
tative in Congress from the Fourth Dis
trict. If Mr. Kahn's nomination Is de
sired from a convention controlled by
Crimmins and Kelly he will be defeated.
The clean and loyal Republicans of the
various Assembly districts comprising the
Fourth Congressional District should or
ganize at once to defeat at the primary
election every delegate put forward by
the odious and corrupt. bosses of the Mint
Saloon. The bosses expect that the con
test for delegates to the State convention
Ht Santa Cruz will divert the attention of
voters from the duty of selecting respon
sible citizens to compose the Congres
sional district convention. At first glance
the easy-going citizens will say, "What's
the use of scanning the list of delegates to
the district convention, as there is no op
position to Julius Kahn." Therein lies
the dancer. If the district convention be
composed of delegates put up in the Mint
Saloon the brand of Kelly and Crimmins
will be placed on the nominee of the con
vention. The bosses already apprehend
that the people Intend to elect decent men
to serve the party in the State convention
at Santa Cruz. Hence they are afraid
that the clean and decent delegates at
Santa Cruz will name a clean Congres
sional committee to govern the party In
the districts. To prevent the selection
of a reputable governing committee the
petition for a separate convention was
filed.
W. M. Cutter, secretary of the Repub
lican State Central Committee goes to
Santa Cruz to-day to confer with the con
vention committee of that city.
Colonel Georce Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Committee, will soon
leave San Francisco to attend the con
vention at St. Paul of the National
League of Republican Clpbs. He Is presi
dent of the league and will calL the con
vention to order.
The executive committee of the Toune
Men's Republican Leagxze of San FVan
cisco Clubs met last evening in the Mills
building. The committee met for the pur
pose of receiving reports from the com
mittees recently appointed to reorganize
the Assembly district clubs of the league
The committee reported the election of
officers In each of the district clubs, and
also that the membership In some of the
districts was unusually large in compari
son with two years ago.
The date for holding: the annual hiph
Jinks was set for October 6, and a com
mittee was appointed to secure B'nai
B'rlth Hall for the occasion.
The president was empowered to ap
point a campalgm committee consisting of
four from e#ch Assembly district.
Democrats Depressed Over the De
cree of Bryan In Forcing Silver
Forward as the Cam
paign Issue.
Scheme of the Crimmins and
Kelly Committee in the
Fourth District.
DANGER SIGNAL
TO REPUBLICANS
OF THIS CITY
KANSAS CITY. July &— Evelyn X.
Baldwin of Kansas Arctic fame to-day
said to an Associated Press representative
that Captain Ernest Andre, brother of thw
polar aeronaut, had Just written him that
several European expeditions have been
fitted out to look for traces of bis missing
brother and his companions, Striiuiberg
and Fraenkel.
Baron K. von Toll will head the Russian
expedition, which la to search the Arctic
coast of Europe and Asia. It will siar T .
from Norway, proceed by way of Nova
Zembla, pass the ensuing winter at Cape
Chelynskiu, Taymir Peninsula. anil,
searching the Siberian coast during; the
summer of l^-il, endeavor to reach Bertn r f
Straits. This dangerous passage has not •
been attempted since Its accomplishment
by Baron Nurdensjoid. In 1ST1-T3.
Captain \\". Bode will this summer tak;»
a party of Germans to Franz Josef Lnr.«l
and communicate with the Italian expe
dition under the Duke cf Abruzzi. A
Swedish and Russian expedition will op
erate in Spitzbergen. Three expedition;-. —
one a Swedish, under Professor Vatthoff:
a Danish, under Professor Amsdrup. and
an English, under Captain Robertson—
have already started for the east coa.** of
Greenland
Germans, Swedes, Italians, Danes
and Englishmen Are Also Mak
ing Preparation* for Sim
ilar Exploits.
Baron E. Von Toll Will
Head a Party of Russian
Explorers.
EXPEDITIOUS TO
SEARCH FOR THE
AERONAUT ANDRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
r-isiim
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
%/ »«**«*.
\ Mrs May Hawkins Will Help Every
Woman Save a Drunkard.
i A Trial Package of Her Marvelous
| Home Treatment F R E E i or the asking.
Any true woman migUt well be proud to fcavo
; eared one poor seal from the shackles of <2ri&k, but
M rs.Hairlcins has redeemed thousand* by her ocbla
i aad practical work amon? thoso who hava beat
victims cf intemperance. Airs. Hawkins for year*
suffered the grief and anguish shared by socsany
; true and faithful women of America to-day, whs
I haTedriak-afflictediathcr^husfcandscrsorls. S-fca
j determl&ed toorercome this fearful eTil if pcssibJe.
Her search for a harmless, perfect and secret fccn=a
! core wu at last rewarded ¦when an o'.d friend can:*
j to her and g^xve her a remedy which had sever fceea
j Jaiown to fail. Mrs. Ea wkim fare the remedy sec-
I retl7 and ia a few weeks, to her great joy .her dearest
j relatiTe was entirely cured ot hia a ppe'tite for drinlc
[ and waa a^ain restored to health and manhood.
After th:3 wonderful resrlt, Mrs. Hawtcin3 d>
j dded toderote her life to the work of he!piny her
; sisters eTerywhercwhcm the found sufferinp as sha
I had suffered from the effects cf alcohol u; «.t a hua>
band, fattier or eon. With the assistance cf other*
she perfected the oxi?;nal treatment a&d noir
1 offers to send this treatment free to any distressed
; wife, mother cr sister who will write for it. Mrs.
; Hawkins has ovivis of her cn-a and no charg«
j whatever Is made (or the treatment, because her
• gTeat desire i» that every woman who needs this
medicine will write at ence to her and get it.
: A Grateful \Vomnn.
I SIRS. 2IAY HAWKIN3. Grand Kapld«. Mich. —
' Blj Dear Friend:— Yoa haTo b»en tha meana of brtne-
1 Ing laMhme Into my home. X_r..-t Acc-'t I got jour
! rpno.l/ and be-a-i ji»lns it to ray husband, aad from
: tiiattiEauntilth3jr«»«r.t h»>h«8Eotta^ca a drcp cfj
enykindofalechol.a arlnka. I cannot »aT too much fir
what roar rem«i7 has doco forma and I ore* It u a
halpartoauymorhar. Bister or wll«who eh±)l need it.
East Hampton. Me.,F«b. II. V*,% "^^ *—-«.
i Thousand * hare saTed their bemea aad ksret]
ones by this remedy andyoucan beoEcnffthensm-
ber If you only wish it. Mrs. Hawtir.a treat sever?
: letter she receirei sacredly coendentia] and yoa
; need haTe no hesitancy whatercr la writine herfcr
assistance. Do not delay; write her today. Addres*
¦ Mrs. AUy Hawkins, Box 123 Grind Rap idi.Mkb,
SEMI-
CENTENNIAL
CELEBRA TION
Decorators and Bag manufacturers are re-
quested to furnish designs and bids fur specfat
design Oaga. American ttrtKs. bear nags and
bunting in colors of red. white, blue ami sold
next TUESDAY EVENINO. July 10. at head-
quarters N\ S. O. W. semi-centennial celebra-
tion committee. Palace Hotel.
II. L. GUXaBCRGER.
Chairman Committee Decorations
_^ and Illumination.
NEW WESTER* HOTEL,
K EA !FfT. AN , D WASHINGTON' STS.-ItE-
modeled and renovated. KING W\rd a
CO. European plan. Kooms, iOc to Jl io day-
J» to $3 week; W to $20 month. Free bat ns hot
and co.d water every room: fire gxatea la «verv
room; elevator runs all night. "*«rjr
CAFE ROYAL iSS
ac. Overcoats and
VaUses checked free.
Weak Men and Women
fcTHOL'LU USE DAMlA.NA BITTKRS. THE
v ereat Mexican semedy; *!**» health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. ZZZ v-r'n'
ui] in I itti ' rnTi
GREAT COMIC SECTION
•..OUT NEXT SUNDAY...
I ll < '
===== MY EXPERIENCES IN THE
<' BLACK KID" KOLD-UP.
THE By JUDGE BOMANJI A COLONY
MYSTERY OF ===================== OF GIRLS
DOLOHOS WH0
MIRANDA f LIVE ON
OF f \ * $2.50
MAYFIELD. / i n Next \ A WEEK.
GREU COMIC I' 1 1 E 1 I I I /y W B GREAT COMIC
SLCII S OLT H k*J U4i ii XI 4# £*& T *»* B SECTION OUT
NEXT SUNDAY. 8 ft/ B NEXT SUNDAY.
AROUND \ Vtlii / GENERAL
THE \ 1 LAWTON'S
PARIS \^^A EAST
EXPOSITION. CHARGE.
™ VE SAN FRANCISCO SCHOOL HA B B U E C^ M
GIRLS OF MA\Y YEARS AGO.
TRAINED MONKEY WORKS
AS A FARMHAND.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALLWindow Scratcher Convicted.
Luis Bracho, the "student from Mexico,
who scratched ,'a number of store win
dows on Market and Kearny streets with
a diamond ring, was convicted by Judgo
Fritz » yesterday On the charge of ma
licious mischief. His only excuse was
that he, was drunk and did not know what
he was doing. : He will be sentenced Tues
day.
Sunnyside Club Officers.
Sunnyside Improvement Club at a meet-
Ing last night elected the following offi
cers: President. Gustave Schnee; vice
president, W. B. Peel; secretary. R. T.
Hansen: treasurer, W. Hottum; delegates
to Federation Club. G. Schnee, W. A.
Hicks and W. B. Peel. The club will seek
to obtain a portion of the surplus money
for a school building, which the residents
claim Is an absolute necessity. A petition
will be presented to the Board of Public
Works for the cutting of a tunnel under
the railroad track of the Southern Pacific
Company which would connect the Sunny
side directly with, the Mission roa—
Patience Is a Virtue.
The combined stock of the Boston Shoe
Company, this city and Fresno, Cal., con>
sistlngof $35,000 worth of the best shoes
made, I will place on sale, regardless of
cost, next Mondav at 775 Market street,
near. Fourth. F. C. Kelly, assignee. •
Advertising Swindle.
The examination of J. R. Hay, the ex
messenger boy. charged with obtaining
money by false pretenses from the Duns
mulr Coal Company by representing that
he was an agent for different papers, was
commenced before Judge Mogan yester
day. Attorney Joseph Dunne specially
prosf-cuted and Hay was defended by ex-
Judge Ferral. The witnesses examined
were John A. S. Low. manager, and Wal
ter A. Gompertz, cashier for the com
pany; Stephen Gill, a saloonkeeper at
O'Farrell and Jones streets, who cashed
a check for $40 for Hay. and W. H. L.
Corran of Langley's directory, testified
that to his knowledge no such paper as
the Mercantile Gazette was published In
the city. The case will be continued to
day.
Strange Woman Arrested.
Mrs. May Palmer of 328 Third street
was arrested yesterday by Officer McMur
ry of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children for cruelty to her two
little ones. It is probable that the wo
man's mental condition will be investi
gated before the charge is pressed. Sev
eral weeks ago. while she was living '¦¦ on
Ellis "street. Officer McMurry had occa
sion to visit Mrs. Palmer. She told him
a strange story of being branded with a
figure 8 and some Masonic characters on
various parts of her body when she was
a child in the Alps. An examination
showed that the scars might have been
produced from" something other than a
branding iron. The" woman has been
making ner children, aced 11 and 8 years,
sell chewing gum and papers on the
streets at all hours of. the night.
Hall of Justice Muddle.
That the Hall of Justice muddle Is far
from being settled was shown yesterday
when Acting Auditor Wells refused to
recognize the authority of Shea & Shea,
architects, to certify to the bills of labor
ers, carpenters and plasterers employed
on the building in April and May. De
mands amounting to over $13,000 were
accordingly held up. Wells bases his re
fusal on the charter stipulation that pay
ments on any public buildings shall only
be made when the Auditor Is satisfied
that the certification of demands has been
done by those authorized.
Tracing Moody's Actions.
Mrs. Leon Roylance. who was shot by
her lover. AI Moody, the jockey. Wednes
day morning, continues to hold her own
at the Receiving Hospital. She was re
ported as somewhat improved yesterday,
but it will be some days yet before the
worst or best is known.
Detective Cody, who is working on the
case, reported yesterday that Moody
called on Edward Rolkin, proprietor of
the Winchester House, about 12:10 of the
morning of the Fourth. He wanted to
see Roylance, but Rolkin refused. He
got the number of Roylance's room and
left. He called again about 8 o'clock, but
did tnot see Roylance. He seemed very
much excited. After leaving the Win
chester shortly after midnight he hired
a room at 123 Eddy street, but did not
occupy it. Instead he called upon Mrs.
Upton. Mrs. Roylance's mother, at 423
Body street, and wanted to see her daugh
ter She told him she had gone out with
her aunt, being afraid to tell him she had
gone with her husband, as he had threat
ened to shoot them both.
Class of 1900 Has Been Graduated
From Van der Naillen School
of Engineering.
The A. Van der Nalllen School of Engi
neering has just graduated the following
students:
Mining department— I. C. L. Thomas. O. E.
Colbert J. W. Woodford. L. Everett. J. D.
Helm. E. Schmidt, J. F. McDonald and A.
Muir.
El-etrical department— Guy A. Dunn, H. K.
Zeimar H. C. Hass>elbach. E. J. Bowen. E.
Mlelenz. J. F. Endert. J. Levansaler. R. E.
Morgan, K. J. Blake. T. P. Doughty, R. E.
Cranley J. Ilayne. B. Dougrall, H. M. Hoare.
C E Lowrie. C. E. Howard. J. M. Boyd. E.
Mercer, J. Dorcan. A. R. Powers. P. W.
Smith. H. Jesaer. F. Boucher. D. Martin. P.
M Lev! R. Rasserusson. M. Loken. W« Eipper.
11 A. lair.
Surveying department — J. E. Gardner. F. A.
Gawthorne. II. II. Cardwell. O. F. Rhodes. H.
B. Tiedetnan. F. C. Davis, E. B. Olney. E.
Whaler. C. J. Prlr-gle. F. Watt. H. H. Glass.
E. E. Petty. H. A. Kun. C. 8. Winter.
As*ay d<"r>artment— H. G. Slskron, J. C.
Riggs. E. E. McWayne. P. I* Shelfoni, C. Far
rel F. Lucas. D. Haberbosch. A. Wrtghtson.
II. F. Lyons. A. E. Foster, F. C. Schllke. H.
Norman. E. B. James. H. T. Cofflh, W. Dt
Davidson. N. 'Wrinkle, K. Wrightson.
Marine department— Ray II. Craigr. J. P. NI»
sen. S. Crisp. H. H. Moore, F. J. Walah. R.
Chrlsteosen. W. D. s-utlivan. M. D. Sullivan.
SHEEPSKINS ATTEST
N THEIR PROFICIENCY
Want Assessments Reduced.
A number of appeals against the As
sessor's estimate of property valuation
was filed by property owners yesterday la
the office of the Board of Supervisors.
Isaac Kahn, 309 California street, swears
that he has been erroneously assessed In
the sum of $100,000, whereas he is worth
only $10,000. Mrs. Rosalie Dusenbury of
the Hotel Pleasanton, assessed for $18,408,
states that she does not own any Sutter
street railway bonds nor San Luis Obispo
railway stocks. Ludwig Altschul, 2417
Sutter street, assessed for $50,000, claims
that he owns but $155 worth of furniture.
G. Podesta, 242 Sutter street, assessed for
$3800 swears that he owns nothing, as his
property was destroyed by fire.
Former Accused of Ungentlemanly
Conduct, Latter of Being Secre
tary of a Fraud.
Ex-Governor James H. Budd was ac
cused of ungentlemanly conduct yesterday
by a witness who In turn was referred to
as the secretary of a fraud. This ended
thf trouble, however, as the court Inter
vened. The action by which the Pacific
Debenture Company seeks to enjoin In
surance Commissioner Clunie from com
pelling it to pay a license, as is re
quired of insurance companies under the
State law, was en trial. Alfred Yordi, sec
retary of the company, was on the stand
and ex-Governor Budd was endeavoring
to elicit information from him regarding
the transfer of bonds from one series to
another or the consolidation of the so
ciu!ed $400 and $500 debenture bonds. Yordi
was evasive in his answers, whereupon
Uudd exclaimed: "He is the secretary of
this fraud, and he has got to testify.'
"If the counsel representing the defend
ant would be more gentlemanly in his
conduct toward me he would get the de
sired Information," said Yordi in answer.
"Read the -witness' statement, Mr. Re
porter," shouted Budd as he stepped
through the railing in the direction of the
witness. "That will do, gentlemen. Con
tinue with the examination," said the
Court, and the disturbers resumed their
stations. An adjournment waa then or
dered until Monday morning.
EX-GOVERNOR BUDD AND
WITNESS HAVE A TIFF
Market-Street Numhers.
The Board of Public Works will not re
commend to the Board of Supervisors that
the numbers of buildings on the south
side of Market street be changed so as to
conform to those on the north side.
Street Deputy Donovan, to whom the pe
tition of the North Central Improvement
Association asking that the changes be
made in order to put an end to the con
fusion resulting from the present system,
filed his report yesterday in which ho
recommends that the petition be denied.
Donovan states that the proposed change
has raised such a storm of protests from
Interested property owners and storekeep
ers that he believes it would be againat
public policy to put it Into effect.
Brooklyn Hotel Insolvency.
On petition of the creditors of the
Brooklyn Hotel Company. United States
District Judge de Haven yesterday ls
*-ued a restraining order to prohibit the
Sheriff from felling the property of the
insolvent by virtue of any proceedings In
the State courts.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
TURNS DOWN HIGGINS
His Charges Against the Manage
ment of the Navy Yard Are
3>eclared Frivolous.
The United States Grand Jury, through
Samuel Polack, foreman, and Robert C.
Mitchell, secretary, made Its final report
yesterday to United States District Judge
de Haven, and was discharged with the
thanks of the court. Since April 23 the
jury has returned true bills in ten cases
and ignored the charge against Frederick
Lagomarslno of opening and destroying a
letter addressed to a person other than
himself. The report adds:
"In addition to the foregoing the Grand
Jury investigated a petition of one John
Higgins. said petition relating to and
complaining of treatment of employes at
Mare Island Navy Yard, and alleging cer
tain actions of various officers ana em
ployes thereat. Five witnesses were ex
amined and after careful consideration
the Grand Jury deemed the charges friv
olous and supported only by hearsay evi
dence and ignored the same."
Higgins is a veteran of the Civil War
and pronounced opponent of the present
administration. His charges were that
men were allowed to spend considerable
time In "loafing" at the Mare Island Navy
Yard; that employes were in the habit of
making presents of cigars and other valu
ables to their superiors and that mater
ial and labor were being wasted.
Board of Police Commissioners Asks
Supervisors to Build One in
Southern District.
The Board of Police Commissioners pe
titioned the Board of Supervisors yester
day asking that $25,000 of the excess rev
enue to be received from the increased as
sessment be set aside for the building of a
new police station on property owned by
the city on the northwest corner of
Fourth and Clara streets. The Southern
Police Station on Folsom street was
burned out some years ago and the head
quarters have since been located in the
basement of the City Hall. The board
says that this branch of the department
has been seriously handicapped because
the station is not located In Its district as
it should be. The Board of Education
having been Interviewed in regard to this
matter will by resolution give consent to
the use of the property for the described
purpose.
PETITION FILED ~FOR
NEW POLICE STATION
HONORED FOR WORK
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Exception Given by Young Men's
Christian Association to Secre
taries Glunz and Jackson.
A reception was given la?t night in the
parlors <¦( the Young Men's Christian As-
Eoclatloa building to Charles A. Glunz and
Frank A. Jackson, who returned a week
ago from Manila. Messrs. Glunz and
Jackson were the first Christian workers
iu accompany the array of occupation and
[they n_-majned at their post until nearly
a year after the return of all the volun
teer regiments originally sent to Manila.
H. J. McCoy, general secretary of the
Ean Francisco APFOCiation, presided.
Chaplain Potter of the Presidio gave the
Invocation and addresses were made by
W. M. Parsons, State secretary; R. H.
Chamberlain of Oakland. Noel H. Jacks,
penerai secretary of the Oakland Associa
tion: W. H. Dannt-r. genera! secretary of
the Denver Association, and Mrs. Danner.
Messrs. Glunz find Jackson responded
feelingly, thanking their friends and co
worker* for the honor bestowed upon
them. Following the exercises a general
reception was held, many old friends
greeting the returning secretaries.
of Hawthorne quite aa much as that of
Emerson which tardily convinced Luro
pean readers that America was to develop
a literature of its own.
; Two American writers had undoubtedly,
i In point of purely original creation, pre
ceded Hawthorne — Charles Brockden
j Brown in Philadelphia (1793) and "William
i Austin in Boston (1S24). Under Brown 3
i turgid style and endless complication we
can now recognize a genuine power of
original creation, and though he often
reminds us of the tales of William God
win and of Mrs. Shelley. Godwin's daugh
ter, there is yet evidence that he, on the
whole, influenced them at least as much
as they modified him. William Austin's
two stories— "Peter Rugg. the Missing
Man," and "The Man With the Cloaks"—
showed him distinctly as a pioneer in the
path of Hawthorne. His style Is less ex
quisitely finished, but his method of crea
tion is essentially the same, and he re
sembles Hawthorne, even In one of the
latter's finest gifts— that penumbra of
haziness In which Hawthorne Involves
his purely imaginative creations, leaving
you in doubt at the end whether Arthur
Dimmesdale really had a fiery scar on
his breast or what became of Miriam and
I her lover. _ .
i We notice this the more because Ed
[ ward Bellamy, who In his early writings
gave more promise of reproducing Haw
thorne than any other young American
has given, could never quite master this
I portion of his art. His two early books—
' r *Dr. Heidenhoff's Process" and "Miss
I Ludington's Sister"— have much that Is
I Hawthornesque In their conception and
even In their execution, but when the
magician approaches the end his wand
falls from his hand and he has to dis
miss his puppets with the commonplace
explanation that it was all a case of
somnambulism In the one tale and of
plain lying In the other.
If the examples of Brown and Austin In
dicated that there was in the American
mind some tendency toward the ideal, the
style of Hawthorne at least was so abso
lutely his own as to still lack historic ex
planation as to what Influence produced
it. Growing up beside Emerson's, it had
little in common with Emerson: nor was
there any English author of the day to
whom Its delicate precision could be
traced. It seems to nave been born full
grown, for It was essentially the same
when he began to write for the Token,- at
23 as at any later period— as simple, as
clear, as pellucid. He wrote at a period
when the Johnsonian traditions still lin
gered; when men used polysyllables:
when writers made a statement in the
first half of a sentence and then said it
over again. In different words. In the last
half; when there were labored parenthe
ses and astounding personifications, as of
"Inoculation! Heavenly Maid!" How did
, It happen that Hawthorne, unaided,
dropped all this literary lumber behind
him? His early tales and sketches were
always short, except in the case of the
"Gentle Boy," which was doubtless too
long drawn. Sometimes too chaste and
cold, perhaps, they yet escaped "the heat
that ofttimes breeds excess." Observe
the entire absence of Italics, though It
was a period when those weeds flourished
In the best trimmed gardens of litera
ture. Even in his "Note Books" we see
not merely the germs of many thoughts,
but often also of this delicate and dis
criminating utterance.
So far as the sound of his physical
voice went, he was the one habitually si
lent author of his circle, and this en
hanced the dignity of his commanding
presence, dark skin, fine eyes and somber
forehead. Emerson said once to George
Curtis, after an evening assemblage in 1
Concord, "Hawthorne rides well his horse
of the night." Though I never exchanged
a word with him. I shall always be grate
ful to have sat in his presence and to have
seen him thus mounted on bis shadowy
steed.
VI.
Oliver Wendell Holmes.
My earliest recollection of Dr. Holmes Is
as a quaint little elderly man. for such he
seemed to me, owing to the difference of
fourteen years at a time when he still de
scribed himself In his poems as "a pallid
boy," and had attained the ripe age of
27. His nephew was my favorite play
mate, an orphan boy of my own age. who
lived with his grandparents In "the gam
brel-roofed house" next door to my
father's. It Is a source of great regret to
all Cantabrigians that this house, intrin
sically more picturesque and quaint than
that of Lowell or Longfellow, should not
have been preserved like theirs. Dr.
Holmes himself often described It, enu
merating Its details and Its contents, and
there Is scarcely an item of these descrip
tions which is not familiar to me In boy
ish memory. Dr.' Holmes himself appears
but little there, but I knew his first vol
ume of poems almost by heart when I was
12 years old and remember vividly when
ment when his temperament did not keep
him substantially j-oung for all practical
purposes. There Is little doubt, however,
of his having begun to feel after the ago
of SO some of that latent depression hard
ly to be escaped by a man who has dis
tinctly outlived his contemporaries. It
is doubtless their narrowing circle which
commonly makes men willing to die at
last.
Charles Sumner used to say of himself
with great truth that he was by nature a
cistern, not a fountain, and Holmes might
have made of himself the opposite state
ment- Though he had read much In var
ious directions and had a quick and avail
able memory, yet the best part of his
talk wa? always that which bubbled up
from within. Few wits have made less
premeditated and deliberate use of their
own witticisms. One of these might in
deed pop into his head and be reissued,
but there wa3 no deliberate housing or
husbanding. I knew in Newport a good
talker of Dr. Holmes' generation who one
day at a dinner table gave off-hand, hav
ing led up to it. a list of the successive
queens of England, with their birthdays.
It seemed to the hosts miraculous until
there was picked up under the chair of the
guest after his , departure a little
condensed manual of knowledge con
taining among other things precise
ly such a list. Nothing could be
more remote from Holmes' temperament
or habit than any such artificial structure.
He was not so good on the whole In re
partee as In soliloquy, but he surnassed
most men in both.
Holmes differed from most of his con
temporaries In this — that his life had dis
tinctly two periods, and the scene of his
final fame was not that in which his first
laurels were won. If he had died In No
vember 1S57. in the forty-ninth year of his
age, he would have been remembered sim
ply as an amusing companion and a good
professor of anatomy. The foundation of
his actual fame was laid at a time when
most people have passed the climax of
theirs. This is not. of course, to be called
an accident: all his previous life had been
unconsciously preparing for this; but it la
startling to think how trivial an accident
might have utterly transformed his po
sition In the history of letters. In this
he was as unlike as possible to his neigh
bors Longfellow and Lowell, who had
marked out their own destinies from early
years. — HIGGINSON.
Cambridge. Mass.
San Francisco Royal Arch Chapter No.
1, F"ree and Accepted Masons, this after
noon and evening will celebrate the
golden jubilee of the institution of the
chapter.
This chapter was organized on July 7,
1850, the fourth anniversary of the raising
of the American flag at Monterey by
Commodore Sloat, V. 6. N., and two
months and eighteen dayn after the or
ganization of the Most Worthy Grand
Lodee of Free and Accepted Masons of
California, upon a dispensation granted
to John W. Geary, the first Mayor of San
Francisco, who was designated aa high
priest; A. C. Labatt as king; Captain
Abram Bartol, who commanded the
Washington Guard, scribe, and Compan
ions John II. Glhon. William P. Burdick,
Muriel D. Schwartz, Gregory Ttale, Al
bert A. Nunes, James Knowles, Joseph C.
Barnam and Abram Waters. The first
convocation was held In the Masonic Hall
on Kearny street.
The celebration this afternoon will con
sist of an entertainment at Golden Gate
Hall, on Sutter street, and in the evening
there will be an elaborate banquet in the
Palace Hotel. The present officers of the
chapter are:
M E hish priest, James M. Troutt; E. king,
Charles W. Taber: E. scribe, Bralnard N.
Rowley captain of the host, -James E. Gor
don; principal sojoumer. Charles C. McDou
rall' royal arch captain, Thomas L.. Henderson;
master "third vail, E. J. Vogel; master second
vail, Ernet A. Buchse; master first vail. Gua
tave Gunzendorfer; treasurer, Benjamin Harris;
becretary. Henry G. Prince; organist, Theodore
E Smith; guard. Edward Gilberts. Choir-
Clarence T. Wendell and Daniel M. Lawrence,
first tenors: Alfred Wllkie and James E. Gor
don, second tenors: A. A. Batkln and C. 1^
Gage, first bassos; Edward G. McBain and
Walter C. Camr-bell, second bassos.
There "Will Be an Elaborate Pro
gramme and a Banquet After
ward—Those Who Will
Be in Charge.
San Francisco Chapter, the
Pioneer of California,
Will Entertain.
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF MASONS TO
BE CELEBRATED
The Civil Service Commissioners have
completed the list of successful appli
cants for positions as ordinary clerka who
were examined at the Girls' High School
on June 15. There were 436 contestants In
this examination, of whom 152 obtained
the necessary 75 per cent, and thereby
gained places on the eligible list. Not
withstanding the directions printed at
the head of each examination sheet,
! warning applicants not to affix their
j signatures to the papers, a number signed
their names to the letters written as part
of the examination. Applicants that thus
¦ disobeyed the rule of the commission will
! not be given a place upon the eligible list,
• but those who would have been eligible
except for their disobedience of the rules
will be permitted to take another exami
nation within six months.
The eligible list was adopted at a spe
cial meeting of the Civil Service Commis
sioners yesterday afternoon. Immediately
after Its adoption tho Election Commis
sioners made requisitions for fourteen
clerks to be employed during the next
four months In the Registrar's office. The
clerks were certified to the Election Com
missioners and will go to work next Mon
day morning. The salary attached to
these clerkships is $100 per month. The
Auditor will employ fifty clerks from the
eligible list, beginning Monday, July 16.
The eligible list of ordinary clerks fa as
follows:
Name — Standing.' Name — St*ndia».
T. Philip O'Brien. .99.2 Philip McAnany.. »2
Frederick Head. ...98.5 C. H. Squires gi*7
Erland GJesslng... .83.35 William J. Rlley 8116
Alex D. d'Ancona.97.6 O. T. Poultney. Si's
Mlse J. H. Weed. ..9496 Sara M. Kane . 81 2
Fred L. Ruddock. .96./ FrancU X. Foley"8l'*
Miss VanKostrand96.4 Thomas M Welch sa'si
P. H. Barrett 96.05 \V. J a Powers 80 75
D-n J. McCarthy.,96 Henry A. sJo?^!^
Andrew Mc(.reery.95.9 G«<5rKe Miller 80 65
Ignatius Dwyer....95.4 K. M. Boland 80 8
C. J. Benninger — 95.4 j onn White. ""so s
Thomas J. Powers.95.3 Michael Rvan "*'£»*
Ralph W. Bliven..95.» g. H Sullivan""soi
Richard J. Cline..95.1 P . R . Henneue^IaOl
Charles A. Sankey.95. j. j. TwohiK 79 «s
H a Moynihan..94. A . A. pfe":^
J. P. Roeeman 94. Edward C Hawi w a
Parker W. Jones..93.75 Oscar Painter 79^
Mies F. McAuliJre.'J3.6 Fred L Wafbel""™!
James a Cowden.93.55 Andrew J t5i«;*"to'»
D. E. Willlamson..92.8 George^ 11 HriSkVw"?
James Wiseman. ..92.7 !££[? pViJiSlS -a"?«
Robt. H. He 8 sion..92.6 iJJ™, l -'»-"
Isaac Citron 92.4 GuTtav* T iw ""In'^
Stanley Horan ....91.55] °hlrf« fn Y£ 1 fr""*-o'«
F. E. Madden 91.5 !ot£fi 4>i» Oftey 'i?'2 5
Thomas Kenney ..Sl-WH-'liV™?^"'-"-'*
George W. Mckell.90.05j £££7 /• j"* «• "78.95
Wm. N. Swa 8 ey...90.4 I ?.£*;*, v>1u. lth ""!f 07
O. D. Sanderson. .90.05 jo hn M I?' 5
Chas. B. HIgKina..S9.S ;i oh " "• -"-S
C. A. Pistoles!...... »9. 75 1??}* °J McLlwee.78.5
Robert A. Mlller..89.3 £i1f*, n^ er I>Uea.u.78.6
Oscar L. Tuttle....«9.3 ? h U ip . T - O-Brlen.7S.45
Edwin a Tripp....SS. A- J* Morgenstern.7S.J
John A. Robs..... .8*. *S*™ A. Connolly.7S.l
A. W. Meyer S7.9 Sj, ar ' e |. B iT Meese.77.9
James A. Douglas.87.6 Hu .G h "-Hay 77.8
Charles H. Do<lge..S7.4 ffhn Shields. 77.7
W. G. Antonovich.87. ?^, ?? ?' Ha y"-77.6
Frank J. Burke.... 87. J °^ n Boyle 77.5
Richard Garvey....86.3 i° h 1 p - W. Huck.Tf.15
Ed B. O'Connor.. . .86.85 V' A - R °wland....77.1
George E. Glblln..»6.2 £ O- Schroder.... 77.06
Georjte M. .Bowne.S6.2 Homer C. Warren. 77.
James F. Pressley.86.1 £• J. Leonard 76.95
Nathaniel Sanders. 86.1 I Frank Maurlno....76.9
E. W, Hawley.....85.9 IW. M. Muller 76.9
, E. R. Faucompre..85.SJ John D. Lynch.. ..76.9
Isaiah M. Silver... 85.S William A. Shaw. 76. 9
E. A. Greenblatt..85.7 J. P. Sullivan 76.75
James O'Halloran.. 83.7 T. H. Douglass.... 76.7
John D. Cuneo .85.4 John J. Harrold..76.7'
E>aniel S. Curran...SS.l J. N. Harrison 76.7
Miss Zimmerman.. .85. George W/ Ratto..76.3
Wm, T, Kearns....85. Charles D. South. 76. 2
Francis E. Kane...S4.»F George P. Taafe..76.1
Albert E. \Vheeler.8t.S John T. McGowan.76.1
Jas. T. Donahue. ..84.7 J. J. O'Connell....76.05
Frank Kltz 84.4 W..H. McCarthy. .78
Wm. F. Brechtel..84.6 Elizabeth Quinn... 76.
Elizabeth C. Kane. 84. 35 Adolph Geli?er.....76.
Edward T. Rus4sell.S4.8 Matthew O'Reilly 7595
Wm. ¦ K. Elfendahl.S4.1 Frank Conley 759
T- H. Stahle........83.6 H. L. Auerbach... 75.95
William G. Karpe.83.65 Thomas Foley.....75 6
John.Hannan .83.5 Mary E. Hill.... ..15.6
Allan H. Browne..83.3s G. H. Bradshaw..75 5
William F. Harris. S3. 3 O. W. Henderson's 4
C. K. Harman....S3.3 M. ,1. Rodrikue....75.3
Allen A. Garner.. S3. 23 Grant W. Gaj:an.75.3
Frank Rlttlgstein..83.1 John F. Eteert...75.3
Henry J. Dunn. ....83.1 James P. RIIey....75.2
James E. Murphy. 82. 8 Paul McAnulty:...75.1
J. R. CouBhlan 82.7 M. J. Whelan.....7S.
Frank E. Metcalf.82.5
Of Four Hundred and Thirty-Six
Who Took the Examination One
Hundred and Fifty -Two
Are Successful.
Civil Service Commissioners
Announce Names of the
Lucky Ones.
LONG LIST OF
ELIGIBLES FOB
ORDINARY CLERKS
i Kentucky Contestant "Wants a De
cision by the United States
Supreme Court.
It seems as though the Blythe estate
j case would never be settled, although the
I matter in many forms has been before the
! courts for the past seventeen years. Bos
i well 11. Blythe of Kentucky, known as
[ one of the Gypsy Blythes, is about to car
! ry the case to the United States Supreme
! Court. After Probate Judge Coffey passed
Judgment and made an order of distribu
! tlon of the estate of the late Thomas H.
' Blythe to Florence Blytfae-Hinckley (now
! Mrs. Moore), Bos well M. Blythe attempt-
I ed to have the order and judgment set
aside, but without success. He appealed
to the Supreme Court and last January
that tribunal handed down a decision
which sustained the lower court.
Yesterday Attorneys S. \V. and E. B.
Holladay petitioned the Supreme Court
for a writ of error in order to remove the
case to the Supreme Court of the United
States, with the object of upsetting the
final Judgment of the State courts. The
alleged errors and grounds upon which
the case goes to the highest court in the
country are that Florence Blythe was an
alien and under common law an alien can
not inherit property unless specially per
mitted by treaty. The State has no right,
he contends, to make statutes providing
that aliens may inherit a right that
should only be exercised by the Federal
Government and then only in the. form of
a treaty. The Supreme Court of Califor
nia has upheld the State statute, which
is now being attacked by the attorneys
for Boswell M. Blythe. The writ was al
lowed by Chief Justice Beatty.
It is feared that this last litigation may
delay the erection of the Mutual Savings
Bank's projected building on the Blythe
block on the corner of Market and Geary
streets, although the title to the property
was favorably passed upon by a number
of the most reliable title insurance men
before being sold for 1325,000.
BLYTHE CASE TO GO
THE HIGHEST TRIBUNAL
Locations on Sites Near Life Saving
Station Filed in the Recorder's
That the oil industry will be developed
ripht here In this city was shown yester
day by the filing of three claims in the
Recorder** office to sites which it ie be
lieved will yield large quantities of the
oily fluid. One claim is to fce known as
the < 'oean Oil and Mineral Placer Mining
• "laim. which was located by George
O>rk on June S. 1900. The location
comprises the southwest corner on the
Fouth Fide of the -United State? Life Sav
h a Station grounds, thence south along
the ocean beach on the western boundary
line of San Francisco County. 1300 feet,
thence west 600 feet; thence north 1500
:"«•";. thence cast GoO feet to point of com
nior.ctmtnt. The claim was filed by
Stephen Maybell, attorney for the claim
ant.
Maybell also filed another claim for Miss
H!la \Voodhou?e. situated 1509 feet north
from the r-laim just named, to be known
r:« the Oolden Gate Oil and Mineral Placer
Mining Claim. A third claim to the north
wett corner of Cook's claim was filed by
Maybell fur Mary Maybell. It runs north
I>j feet and west 6J0 feet.
THREE OIL CLAIMS ON
OCEAN BEACH RECORDED
OLIVER WENDELL. HOLMES.
r? RS. ROSE STYERS, who de
//y/\ clares she has the right to sign
11 Ik \> ner naiT!C Clements, is preparing
to make trouble for Coachman
Joseph Clements and the lady who re
cently became his brido. .Mrs. Stycrs-
Clements has carried her troubles to
an attorney and there is likely to be
something interesting happening when
the hack driver, his new love and his old
flame meet.
Mrs. Styers-Clements is living alone In
a little room at 220 Seventh street. She is
weak, pale and wan from the effects of a
long illness, brought on, she says, by
Clements' neglect and broken faith.
"On the ISth of January. 1S94," she
said, "Joseph Clements and myself en
tered into a verbal agreement of mar
riage. He was then and still is in the
employ of the United Carriage Company,
and I was keeping a lodging house. After
we entered into this agreement of mar
riage Clements introduced me to all his
friends as his wife and I conducted my
business under the name of Mrs. Clem
ents.
"Many times," Mrs. Styers-Clements
went on, "Clements asked that I have our
union legally solemnized, but I refused.
He is a man that is in the habit of going
periodically on protracted sprees, and I
thought that by threatening never to
marry him until he gave up drinking
I had a strong hold over him that I might
use to his advantage.
"A year ago last February Clements, at
my suggestion, took a room in town. He
claimed that my lodging house waa too
noisy. He worked nights and conse
quently had to sleep during the day. So
I advised him to take a room where he
would not be disturbed. While he waa
rooming out he used to come up to see
me at my home, 219 Jessie street, and we
used to go out together for our meals.
About three months ago we went up to a
little chophouse at 3S Eighth street and
there my husband met Inez Dott, a wait
ress. After that I saw him no more.
Friends used to come to me and tell me
that they saw Joseph and Inez together,
but I paid no attention to their tales un
til I heard that they had been married.
"He is my husband," concluded Mrs.
Styers-Clements, "and I am going to call
upon the law to protect me and separate
Joseph from that woman."
According to Mrs. Styers-Clements, Inez
Dott was formerly the wife of Thad
Bowles, who is serving a ten years' sen
tence in San Quentin for the murder of
the Dott woman's brother, Clarence de
Spain, at Comptche, Mendocino County.
v.
Nathaniel Hawthorne.
The many young writers who are now
dazzled at the thought of selling by the
hundred thousand the copies of their un
written novels may well turn back In
memory to the Image of Thoreau carry
ing upstairs to his attic the 706 unsold
copies of the original edition— 1000— of
his first published book. "I believe," he
says "that this result t3 more Inspiring
and better than If a thousand had bought
my wares. It affects my privacy less and
leaves me freer." But more remarkable
than this, as a matter of literary his
tory, is the slow development of Haw
thorne's fame. For twenty years he was,
by his own statement, "the obscurest lit
erary man in America." His publisher,
Goodrich, says in his reminiscences that
Hawthorne and Willis began to write to
gether in the Token in 1S27, and that Wil
lis "rose rapidly to fame." while Haw
thorne's writings "did not attract the
slightest attention." Even ten years later.
Goodrich testifies, Jn 1S37, It was almost
impossible. to find a publisher for "Twice
Told Talcs." Poe wrote of Hawthorne In
1S46: 1 "It was never the fashion until
lately to speak of him Jn any summary of
our best authors." Hawthorne himself
said to Whlttier in 1817. when one of his
productions was accepted by the National
Era: "There Is not much market for my
wares." Yet It was ultimately^ the prose
LITERARY TALKS MIND REMINISCENCES.
Alas! the odea of Horace I then knew
by heart have vaj-itshed. th« hundred lines
of Homer's "Iliad" are forgotten; but this
delicious doggerel still lingers In memory
as fresh and recent as If the little man on
the chair had been Apollo chanting to his
nymphs.
It was this quality of perennial youth
which was the charm of Holmes' wholo
existence and which lasted him— instead
of its poor substitute, dignity— until hta
eighty-nfth year. Dignified, in the strict
sense, he never was. In the early days
of his professional practice he strove con
stantly to seem older than he was, and
was fond of hinting In his poetry at gray
hairs> and wrinkles. This -was with rea
son, because hi3 youthful appearance was
at first a uerions hindrance to his pro
fessional practice, a thing which many
young physicians have reason to discover.
As he grew older there never was a mo-
Married and dead by the score.
on my first meeting with the Phi Beta
Kappa society, four or five years later, he
waa called upon to stand ia his chair — by
reason of smallnesa — and to sing a song
not yet, I think. Included in his printed
poems, to the air of "Thou. Thou Reign
est In This Bosom." as follows:
Where, where are the visions of morning.
Fresh in our early prime T
Gone like tenants that flit without warning
Down the back entry of time.
Where are the Marys and Anns and Elizas.
Beaming so brlfthtly of yore?
Look in the columns of old Advertisers-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
HAWTHORNE AND HOLMES: BY COLONEL HIGGINSON.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Miss Etta M. Brooks, principal witness
for the Government in the case of Fred
erick A. Taylor, charged with stealing
gold from the Mint, gave testimony so
much in favor of the defendant at the pre
liminary examination yesterday that
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock ordered the case dismissed on motion
of Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning."
Taylor was employed as melter in the
Mint and was arrested last Saturday
night as he was going into his house after
leaving the Mint. Secret Service Agent
Hazen found in the prisoner's purse three
small beads of pure gold, and in the room
of Miss Etta M. Brooks, the house servant
at the prisoner's home, a nugget of gold
valued at $80 and three small "buttons" of
the same metal. In a locked trunk be
longing to Taylor, Agent Hazen and
Operator Browne discovered three cru
cibles, some text books on assaying, and
a plush casket containing old jewels and
a slip of paper on which had been written
in pencil in the prisoner's handwriting the
words: "My dear mother's jewels; in
memory of her. P. A. Taylor."
Taylor made a statement to his captors
to the effect that he had made the nugget
out of his mother's jewelry and some
small pieces of virgin gold that he had
obtained when engaged in mining many
years ago, and gave them to Miss Brooks
as a gift in lieu of pocket money, she be
ing at liberty to sell them whenever she
chose. .
Miss Brooks made a statement to Agent
Hazen in the presence and hearing of
Operator Browne and Assistant United
States Attorney Banning to the effect
that ever since she accepted employment
In the Taylor household, Taylor had "per
secuted" her with amatory attentions;
that his wife took all his money every
pay-day; that he gave her the gold In
order that she might convert It into
pocket money with which she and Taylor
might go out and have a good time, he
telling her that if he went to sell it him
self he might be asked questions about it
because of his employment In the Mint.
She accepted the gold, but did not sell it
because she feared that Taylor would
take all the proceeds. This statement was
taken down in writing by Agent Hazen.
In the preliminary examination before
Commissioner Heacock, Taylor was de
fended by D. J. Murphy and Henry E.
Highton, and it was mainly owing to their
skill and stubbornness that Taylor es
caped.
Miss Brooks was the first witness for
the Government. While admitting that
Taylor gave her the gold for pocket
money, she refused to remember the
statement she had made to Hazen,
Browne and Banning, and Mr. Banning
1y reason of the vigorous objections of
.ounsel was prevented from cross-examin
ing her or attempting to impeach the
credibility of her testimony, she being his
own witness.
Agent Hazen was placed on the stand
and asked to state what Miss Brooks had
told him, but the testimony was objected
to as irrelevant, hearsay and incompetent
and the objection was sustained.
Mr. Banning thereupon moved to dis
miss the case and Judge Heacock granted
the motion.
After Agent Hazen had turned over the
gold to Miss Brooks and the crucibles and
Jewelry to Taylor, that gentleman ap
proached Superintendent Leach of the
Mint and extended his hand, with the re
mark:
"Well, Mr. Leach, I hope you are now
satisfied as to my innocence, and I want
to shake hands with you."
"I am not satisfied that you are inno
cent," responded Mr. Leach, "but I have
no objection to shaking hands with you."
The handshake, however, was very frigid
and the men separated without further
conversation.
Miss Brooks, the Government's Prin
cipal Witness, Repudiates Her
Statement Implicating
the Accused.
Mint Employe Charged With
Stealing Gold Is Given
His Freedom.
MELTED TAYLOR
DISCHARGED BY
JUDGE HEACOCK
Bartley Lee, a laborer, is lying at the
point of death at his home, 1005t£ Na
toma street, and Dr. Connelly, who is at
tending him, says that a clot of blood on
his brain has paralyzed him and will
cause his death.
Lee went to a picnic at Schuetzen Park
Wednesday with John P. pignan, J. C.
Canty and D. Sheerin. When they re
turned to the city they went to a restau
rant on OFarrell street and had a French
dinner. .Lee left the restaurant about 10
o'clock, saying he was going home. From
that time till about 12:20 next morning
nothing is known as to his movements.
At that time he staggered into the bar
room of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifth
and Mission fctretts, appearing to be very
drunk. He had evidently fallen, as his
back was covered with dust.
He ai=ked John Forcsman, the bartender,
if he could sit down for a few minutes.
He sat in a chair and fell asieep. About
4 o'clock he fell oft" the chair. He was
deathly sick, and the bartender and some
men who were playing pool carried him
to the sidewalk and bathed his face with
Ice water. Policem: 1 Eskew came along,
and as no one seei;i« <1 to know L,ve, Kskew
rang for the patrol wagon and sent him
to the City Prison to be booked as drunk.
When searched *9 25, a nickel watch, a
badge and a bunch of keys were found
:n his pockets.
About 10 o'clock he was found uncon
scious in his cell and was sent to the
Receiving Hosptal, where Dr. Dorr found
that he was suffering from paralysis of
the brain. He was taken to his home In
the afternoon and Dr. Connelly was sum
moned. The police were notified yester
day morning that he was dying, and an
investigation was started.
What caused the clot of blood on his
brain is so far a. mystery. There was
no mark on his head or face to show
that he had been struck by any instru
ment with the object of robbery. Besides
his money, watch and keys were in his
pockets when taken to the prison. Po
liceman Morrissey, who took him to the
prison in the patrol wagon, says that he
sat upright in the wagon, and ho ap
peared to be all right when booked, ex
cept feeling sick at the stomach. He
drank four bottles of wine ax the French
dinner and possibly that might have
caused the trouble.
Attended a Picnic on the Fourth, Had
a French Dinner, Was Arrested
and Is Now Near to
Death.
Mysterious Case of Bartley
Lee, a Laborer of Na
toma Street.
DYING FROM A
CLOT OF BLOOD
ON THE BRAIN
6t. Brendan's Catholic Church was
crowded to the doors last evening, the oc
< aslon beir;g the celebration of a triduum
in honor of Our Lady of Perpetual* Help.
Rev. Father Quinn gave the Devotions
and Rev. Father MacCorry. C. S. P..
preached the sermon. The speaker took
hie text from the book of Ocnesis: "Unto
Him let the gathering of the people be."
He said in part:
Iaii us uatber around our Saviour first of a.11
for forgiveness. I place that not last but
lirst. Somehow our part muet be readjusted,
our mistake? condoned, our Fins forgiven, our
transcr.-sskns blotted out. Christ adjusts the
tast b> obliteration. I'nto him. then, let the
Fathering r-i the people be.
Aniin. l»>t us gather around our Saviour as
a Fynjpathlzinfc friend. There are Mmf, I
know, that fay they have no need of such, but
that la only because grief has never taken their
h< arts inio it* two rough hands and crushed
tlieni until they blK-d. We all do need a sympa
j>athy In our wmni.n ¦ympathy in our be
reavements, sympathy in oar wopc. The Sav
iour has tt— the Saviour Is It. Unto him let
th« KitheHng of people be. Let us gather
around our Saviour, finally, because he Is alto-
KrthCT lovely— beautiful beyond tie »on» of
men.
Father MacCorry then drew a picture of
the surpassing loveliness of the Saviour's
countenance and personality and urgred
that durinp those blessed days of his
mother's triduum worshiper* shouid bpg
that she intercede, that. In the <~n<l. they
might enjoy "the vision of his face."
Next Sunday the forty hours adoration
tv:!! }-efr:ri at i?t. Urendan's. After ti»« W.oO
mass ihf procession of the blessed sacra
ment will take rla<*e. In the evening Rev.
Father Kcare of St. Joseph's Church will
l>reaeh a special sermon. Monday even
ing Hev. Father McKlnnon of St. James
will deliver a sermon.
Rev. Father MacCorry, With Elo
quent "Words, Exhorted Them
to Drau- Near to the Saviour
as to a Friend.
St. Brendan's Church Filled
With a Great Throng
of Faithful.
SOLEMN SERVICE
TO HONOR "OUB
LADY OF HELP"
Contract Wife "Laying Low" for the
Fickle Joseph and His New-
Made Bride.
TROUBLE IN STORE FOR
HACK' DRIVER CLEMENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
To Command at Norfolk.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— Rear Admiral
Colton has been assigned as commandant
of the Norfdlk; navy yard, vice Rear: Ad -
mlral Barker.~MB»rfwn
JOSEPH CLEMENTS AND THE WOMAN WHO CLAIMS TO
BE HIS TRUE WIFE.
9
POSTUM CERE AT,.
INTERESTED LADIES.
Working in a Good Cause.
"In the Institution where I am em-
ployed as nurse (The Home for Aged
Women) we find many ladies suffering
from gastric trouble caused by coffee.
"My own personal experience is that
since a child I have been a moderate
drinker of coffee, but most of the latter
years have suffered from acidity of the
Stomach, sluggish liver and nervousness.
"I finally gave up coffee entirely,
about tluee years ago, using hot water
in its place. Of course, after removing
the cause, the symptoms disappeared,
but I seemed to need a beverage more
ftrengthening than hot water, as my oc-
cupation of nurse required considerable
exertion. I began to look about for a
suitable breakfast beverage and under-
took the preparation of one by brown-
ing some wheat berries and using that
;is coffee, but the result was far from
satisfactory. Finally I came across Pos-
tum Food Coffee, on a visit at my home
in Rofcl'.e, N. J.. and found it exactly
fitted the case.
"I have been using it regularly and in-
troduced it to our institution. When it
was first served it was not satisfactory,
but I looked into the matter and in-
M*ted upon having it boiled fully fifteen
minutes after the actual boiling had
started, not counting the time that it
• was on the stove before boiling began.
The next time it appeared you would
not think it was the same article; it was
fo much improved. Several of the pa-
tients decided to use it to the exclusion
of coffee, and I found that its use re-
duced the number of cases of indiges-
tion. The result has been very gratify-
ing, and for two years now Po'stum
Food Coffee has bceti in daily use at the
Home.
"Mrs. Matilda Seaver and Miss Anna
Merrill ?re desirous that their names be
r.fed to help forward the good cause.
. My mother has been greatly helped by
/ the discontinuance of coffee. She was
I formerly subject to cramps, but they
have entirely disappeared since she has
abandoned coffee and taken up Postum
We save money for amateurs. , We loan you a
kodak. Backus Studio, U Geary St.; supplies. •and shoe force is inactive and no change in
prices has resulted since those of some weeks
ago which, according . to later accounts, were
made by fewer of the manufacturers than was
at the time belle\'ed. The crop year for grain
Is over and the outward movement of wheat has
rot been stopped, although somewhat dimin
ished by the vagaries ln prices.
While exact figures for the year will not be
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK. July 6.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Failures ln the first half of 1900 were 5362
with liabilities of $100,570,134. There were thirty
failures of banks and financial corporations of
J25.S-2.SG2, leaving 5332 commercial failures with
liabilities of $74,747,457.
Had it been predicted that the vast iron In
dustry would be thrown from unprecedented
activity into great- depression, with many
works closed and prices reduced fully a quarter,
with practically no failures,' it would have
been thought Impossible. Yet the six fail
ures ln that department - for the last quarter
were in all for only $28,935. though Bessemer
pig has fallen from J25 to J18. and plates from
S.lc to 1.5c. and the average for iron and steel
products has declined about 25 per cent since
January 10. Some further decline Is now ex
pected before things are adjusted for another
active season and efforts to arrange wages are
progressing.
The Fall River committee has decided to close
their cotton mills for a time and some of the
largest woolen works have been closed or much
reduced in force. A large share of the boot
NEW YORK. July 6.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank
clearings at principal cities for the week ending
July 6, with the percentage of Increase and de
crease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Per ct. Per ct.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York J?G1. 256,619 .... 7.1
Boston 115.3C2.200 .... 15.8
Chicago 1JS.5T.6,9O1 11.7
Phtlndelphia 1OO.SS4.O1O .... 8.6
Ft. Txiuls 25.T9F.646
PlttKtmrg 27,;27,K29 29.8 ....
Baltimore 25,196.102 21.5
Fan Tranclsco...... 20.C3S.334 19.7
Cincinnati 14.242.2.V) 1.7 ....
Kansas City 11.254.925 12.9
New Orleans 7.1S7,SJ>0T 8.4 ....
Minneapolis 20,191, 4SS 22.1
Detroit 7.6OC.76S 9.5 ....
Cleveland 1U47.R96 21.5
I»uisvil!e 8,»».O28 3.8 ....
I»rovld?nce !'.73S.70O 46.6 ....
Milwaukee 6,485,459 11.4 ....
Bt Paul 4.W0.997 7.2
Buffslo 5.O24.S45 ...
(miaha ¦ fi.$ss.f. r <6 13.9 ....
lndian.-i polls '. 5,178.014 . 15 S»
Columbus', O B.K'S.ROO 3.6
Kavanp..ih 2,892,617 48.5 . *!
Ixr.ver 4,111,504 60.7
Hartford 2.S64.292 .... 15 j
Richmond 4.263,4<!5 13.5
Memphis V454.4S4 6.6
Washington 2,508,737 .... U.o
PHILADELPHIA, July 6.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-d#y were as follows: Pears— Bartletts (half
box*, average $1 60. Plums — Burbanks (small
crates), 90c to *1 85, average $1 14; St. Cather
ine, 75c to $1, average 83c; Royal Hatives, 80c
to 90c, average 86c; California Red. average
Jl SO; Washington, 90c to 95c, average 93c;
Botans,. 90c to Jl 15, average 99c. Prunes—Sl
meni (small crates), average Jl: Tragedy (small
crates), 00c to $1 50, average Jl 33. Two cars
sold to-day.
NEW YORK. July 6.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit at auction to-day:. Pears — Bartletts
(box); J3 15 to $3 85, average J3 22. Plums—
Botans (small crates), 90c to Jl 30, average
Jl 04; Burbanks (small crates), 60c to $120.
average 80c; Royal Hatlves (small crates), 65c
to 60c, average 77c; Satsuma (small crates), 65c
to 85c, average 78c. Prunes — Slmoni (small
crates), 55c to Jl 20, average Jl 01; Tragedy
(small crate), SOc to Jl 20, average $1 02. Cher
ries—Black Republicans (box), DOc to $1 50,
average 96c; Royal Anne, 45c to Jl 65, average
83c; Tartarlans, 80c to 95c, average 66c. Sixteen
cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
CHICAGO, July 6.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts
(box). Jl 80 to *2 CO.' average J2 27. Peaches-
Kale's Early, average 75c. Plums — Burbanks
(small crate), COc to 80c, average 67c. Prunes
—Tragedy (small crate), 85c to $1. average 99c.
Apples— Red Astrachan, average 99c. Six cars
sold to-day.
' CHICAGO. July 6.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Cherries— Republican
:>OcCT$l 20 a box; Royal Annes, 55c®Jl 20. Prunes
— Tragedys, 75@93c, single crate. Plums—Sat
euma, 35(ft 35c. single crate; Royal Hatlves, 56<ai
65c; - Abundance, . 45®70c: Burbanks. 55@90c; P.
D., II; Peach, 55c. Apricots— 45©SOc, single
crate.- Pears— Bartletts, |1 S0@l 35 a box and
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening .6 2% 6 3V*
Closing 8 3 6 3Y4.
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 Co 2185
Closing 20 70 21 SO
Flour-
Opening 27 70 28 80
Closing 27 65 23 85
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: 15(fl3%c; dairy. 14@17c;
cheese, firm, 9>4@10Vic; eggs, slow; fresh, lO&c.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 6.— The professional oper
etors in ytneks who have be>-n able to manip
ulate prices for an advance, owing to the
£ir.;'!l amount of floating stock in the mar
kr-i, found their efforts to maintain the higher
level unavailing to-day. There was nothing in
the news of the day that exerted any marked
influence on the market and the relapse must
In- attributed to the natural reaction attending
rrcfit takins on an arivance and the renewed
Feilinp for short aocotnt attracted by the higher
level of prices and th<* |>aJpably chaky condi
tion of the market a« the day progressed. The
lower prices for Americans in London had
little efTeit, as on previous day. and the cro
fe«<si<">rjal bulls rrs-jmed the tactics which were
eo sycoessful yesterday ln lifting the level
ot jirices.
The steel stocks suffered from reallrlne on
the rubllFhed report that the eteel Interests
werr ron'errlr.g to mairmln prices. The Lon
don selling was persisted ln later than usual
and had an effect ln combination with the
break Sn the steel sticks.
The whole market fell below last nirht's
level and closed heavy at about the lowest.
fritted States Ii.u5.ibox fell 4H on the failure of
the directors to declare the expected 1 per cent
dividend for the quarter. The stock rallied s
jjcints.
To-rr.orrrWs bank statement is expected to
ehow a cain in '•ash of upward of J3.CQO.0M,
nearly J2.000.noo of which comes from Sub-
Treasury operation* in the payment of Gov
ernment bond interest. This makes the Im
mr-.'.ia'e future in the money market clear. But
th* tjwculative surmise begins to concern itself
with the more distant periods, v.hen the Sul>
'Xreasury will begin to take up the surplus
r»»\t.-nue from the money ma-Uet. when furthtr
calls of Government dein^Us will have lo be
iT.f-l arA when requirements for moving the
crops BIO be felt. New York exchange at Chl
crj«o ha* gor.e lo a discount and there was a i
sharp rail to-day at New Orleans. The private j
Ctmcoaat rate in I»ndon continued to hartien
an<< tlie Bank of Kr.gland raised its price for I
Fold tars K'~. The rate for Loth Fterling es- j
ch.-rjre ar.<3 Berlin exchange ln New Vcrk rose I
ln resp-Dn&e.
The bond market to-day was dull outside ot !
ea!os Ot Reauing general 4b and the market :
WHs irrerular. Total gales, par value 1L- '
I 'riled States bond» were unchanged ln bid
quotations.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
KoM. Stock— Uld
1.S30 At.-hiscn «?il
ir>.<i'.O Atchlpon prefd " 7]iJ
lfc.lii lialtimcre & Ohio 73i*
Canadian Pacific SS
Canada Southern .". 4K*; j
1.S01 Chesapeake & Ohio 23=74 I
Chicago Greet Western io% '
9.JS0 Chicago, Burlington & Qulney 12\\ I
Chicago, Inrt & I^ouisville 21>t
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd ;>0
Chicago & IZnst'rn ITinois 93
K2<*> Chicago Jtc Northwertern lis i
,453 Chicago, Hock Island & Pacific... 105%
:20 C C C & St Louis ;. £$S \
1W Coicrado Southern 6 1
2tX> «">>!ora<lo Southern 1st prefd 41 |
....... Colorado Southern !<1 prefd J5^4
l«-!a%vare *r Hudson HX !
Delaware, Lack a. Western 175 j
TOO lionvrr & Rio Grande 17
400 Denver & Rio Grande j.refd 65 '
tSrtc jO3i
210 Eri- lrt r;rcfd 3 >i7
332 Great Northern prefd 150'*
r»0 Hocking Coal 13i2
2M Hocking Valley ..\ 2-i2
4.«VtO Illinois Central '"ll4
«~C Iowa. Central "*'' j$
«UO Iowa Central pr»fd * 4s
Kar.s City, TittFturg &. Gulf...!..."! 14^
Lal:e Erie & Western "5
Lake I'rie & Western i>refd gs j
....... Lake i-hore «« I
IS.T.nfl Louisville A- Nashville Tivi i
7,r.m Manhattan Elevated $7*4 I
1.W0 Metropolitan Street Hallway.. .".'.'!! 150*4 j
300 Koxlcan Central 12'4
4% Minneapolis & St Louts ' 4914 j
V<C Slinneapolis & t?t Louis prefd 89
I7,€15 SJlesouri I'ac'.f.c (50% I
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers ln cubic feet
per second, or second leet. one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. LIpplncott of the United States
Geological Survey:
NEW YORK, July «.— Bra<5»treefs will say
to-morrow: Business is unusually dull at this
season, and this year no exception to the gen
eral rule is remarked. A review of the past
six months, however, gives little comfort to
pessimists. Bank clearings. It is true are
smaller by about 11 per cent than they were in
the, first half of 1S9D, but railway earnings are
about 10 per cent larger, and business failures
as reported to Bradstreet's are the fewest re
ported for eighteen years back, with liabili
ties of failing trades the same, with one ex
ception, and that last year, since 1S?2. Winter
wheat has about all been harvested in the
Southwest and the yield there has been very
large. Copious rains in the Northwest, too,
have apparently w/irked some Improvement,'
judging from the more cheerful tone of advices
received thence this week. Wool Is dull and
manufacturers are supplying only actual wants.
Prices ar« at the lowest point reached this sea
son, ln sympathy with the lower opening of
the July wool sale • at London, where finer
grades are relatively weakest.
In manufacturing lines dullness and weak
ness are most marked In products of iron and
dteel. Talk of an effort by the great combina
tions to control prices in the Ip.tter industry is
heard, but in the almost tbtal lack of new busi
ness the basic material, pig Iron, weakens
steadily, with some authorities predicting a 23
I>er cent reduction from present prices, which
are not attracting buyers. X
The settlement of labor troubles Is reflected
ln the better demand for building materials at
affected centers, while rains In the Northwest
have allowed white pine manufacturers to open
their works and give employment to many
thousands of men. Southern pine prices are
weak and the market for that material is very
dull.
Anthracite coal has advanced 23 cents a ton,
and, while demand has not increased heavily,
the feeling in that trade is rather more cheer
ful. Sugar has been marked up again this
week, coffee Is higher, while tea holds the full
advance scored on the outbreak of the Chinese
troubles.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.01S.832 bushels, against 3.I.M.
144 bushels last week; 3,738,972 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1899; 2,723,642 bushels in
189$; 2,502,606 bushels In 1897, and 2,167,076 bush
els ln 1816.
Business failures In the United States for
the week number 196, as compared with 185 last
week, 136 ln this week a year ago, 241 ln 1898,
213 in 1S97 and 219 In 1896.
Business failures ln Canada number 25, as
compared with IS last week, 25 in this week a
year ago, 16 in 18J8, 34 ln 1897 and 32 in 1S96.
Dun's Review of Trade.\
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84^4
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 87
Sterling Cables — * &8
New York Exchange, Eight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4S}4 —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign quotations stood about the
same.
Chicago declined from 80Uc to 79c and recov
ereo to Sic. Foreign cables tended to sustain
the market, but operators were timid. - Re
ceipts of new Wheat were 22 cars, against 4
last year. Duluth reported 27 cars. Condition
of Ohio wheat was reported at 25 and Corn at
107. A million bushels of Corn were engaged
on Thursday. The corn crop looks fine every
where: Seaboard exporters of Wheat were bull
ish for the first time and 50 loads were char
tered from Gulf ports. A good business in ex
porting is predicted. The Northwest got ad
ditional moderate rains Thursday. Toward the
close of the session Corn advanced on reports
of damage by dry hot weather in Kansas and
Nebraska.
Local futures advanced, but spot prices were
undisturbed.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 05; milling, $1 07H
Pef Ct CALL BOARD SAXES.
Informal Session— 9:13' o'clock— December—
2000 Ctls $1 141,6: 22.000. $1 14'^; 4G.0C0, $1 14%.
Second Session— December— 24.000 ctls, $1 UV Z .
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000
ctls, $1 15%: 8000. $1 15»4: SCOO, $1 15%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 18%! 2000. $1 BK; 2000, $1 16; 2000. $1 15T4; 16.
0C0. $1 15*i: 2000, $1 15%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and un-
Feed, 6R?4®7Hic for No. 1 and 82%@6Sc for oft
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2Q0Q ctls, 74c.
OATS— Rule flrm at the improved prices, with
a fair demand.
White. $1 10S1 30; Surprise, $1 27%@I 35; Red,
$1 1001 15; Gray. $1 07^@l 15; Black, $1@1 10 per
ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow. $1 17%@1 20
per ctl; Eastern White. $1 17V»®1 20 per ctl;
Mixed. $1 lofril 17VJ. •
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Cal Itornla family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 1303 E0 for bakers'; Eastern, $4 750
5.75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacics are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 73;
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50(S3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $I@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $t 50; Whole
"Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25, in sacks, $5 75©7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 £0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Dealers report a much stronger market for
both old and new Hay, with higher quotations
for most kinds. Receipts are light. An oc
casional cars of old Wheat brines $10 50.
There Is no change' ln Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $12 50@13 CO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17620 per ton.
FEEDSTL'FFS— Rolled Barley. $18 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing, $27 50
<g2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20ff21: Corn Meal $24 60*
Cracked Corn, J2'i; Mixed Feed, $14.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@U 50 for common to good,
$10 for choice; Wheat and Oat. |SS9 50: Oat.
$7<??S 50; Alfalfa. $5ft?7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $4 SOS'S 50; Wheat
$6 50@9; Wheat and Oat, $S 50@8; Oaf. $633-
Clover, U 50<g«; Alfalfa; $5@7; B*rley, $5g > 7 per
ton.
STRAW— 25©37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new beyond a chancre In
larfre White Beans, which are In better de
mand.
BEANS— Bayos, Jl 85®3; Snjall White, 13 25®
3 40; large White. J2 75@2 90; Pink. $2 50ff2 90-
Red. $2 50@3: Blackeye. J2 50©3 75: Butters'
nominal; Lima. »5 30®5 40; Pea, $3 4003 50- Red
Kidneys. $404 E0.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
-Mustard, 4c; Flax. $1 90®2 20; Canary; 3*3 per
lb : for Calif ornia and 4c for Eastern: Alfulfa,
nominal: Rape, 2H63C: Hemp. 4® 4 Vic; Timo
thy, 4&*Mc •-.---¦
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2 2502 50; Green, S2 25
02 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for Potatoes . and Onions stand about
CHICAGO, July 6. — The wheat market opened
with a degree of steadiness, beacause Liverpool
at the outset failed to show as much decline
as had been expected. August, to set the ball
rolling, sold at 79'/i378%c at the opening and
shortly afterward attained 79V4'g73*4c. The
bears took a hand in the game. Argentine ship
ments were heavy. Liverpool turned weak,
Minneapolis was bearish and there were more
rains in the Northwest. August, on selling by
persons who noted these facts, slumped off
during the forenoon to 76Uc. New York report
ed a better export inquiry and Jlfty loads taken
for foreign shipment. Attention to the gravity
of the situation In China was directed by a
report that Germany was chartering transports
to take troops to China. In these Items shorts
found reasons to cover. One man was reported
to have taken ln one million bushels.
Corn was active most of the time and strong.
The hot dry weather ln Kansas was a consid
eration on the other hand. Damage was re
ported from this State and from parts of Ne
braska. Bulls allowed the market to drag and
then got to work. Shorts covered and the mar
ket responded with a rush. August closed %c
better.
Oats were quiet and toddled along after the
big market. The market dipped early with
wheat and rallied later with com. August
closed %c over yesterday.
Provisions opened strong on light hog re
ceipts and an advance at Liverpool, but the
market slumped off on the selling of a local line
of ribs. September pork closed 12V4@15c under
yesterday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 wheat, 75c; No. 2 red, 80@8nV4c;
No. 2 corn, 43>ii?44c; No. 2 yellow, 43%@44Uc;
No. 2 oats, 23-%®24>4c; No. 2 white, 25S4®26',4c;
No. 3 white, 25®2Gc: No. 2 rye, 59c; fair to
choice malting barley. 43<345c: No. 1 flaxseed.
XX 80; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO: mess pork, per
bbl's. $11 E0ST12 60; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 75@6 87^i;
short riba sides (loose), $6 90-07 20; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). C%®7c; short clear sides
(boxed), $7 <5<S?7 55; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 23; clover, contract grade, $8. -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14.000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 81.000 9,000
Corn, bushels 52S.0OO 733,000
Oats, bushels 31S.000 . 602,000
Rye, bushels 9,000
Barley, bushels 11.000 2,000
NEW TORK. July 6.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Although activity has been of the restricted
kind, suitable to the summer season, and
though speculation still has almost entirely a
professional origin, the past week has witnessed
both a strong and an interesting market, lu
fact. Its strength in the face of dullness and of
adverse^ political developments at home and
abroad has been somewhat remarkable.
The Chinese situation, involving danger to the
European markets, with the possibility of fu
ture international complications, brought a free
selling of stocks here for account of Berlin,
and to tome extent for London. These offer
ings were, however, readily absorbed and Watl
street wan apparently indisposed to borrow
trouble by looking too far ahead in connection
with China. The adoption by the Kansas City
convention of a free silver plank, without mod
ification of the 18 to 1 principle, was also ap
parently disregarded, or it might be said that
the market was inclined to a belief thnt this
action renders the outlook ln the national cam
paign that is now beginning more certain -tlvin
if the Chicago platform of four years ago had
been modified in Its tinanical sections. Conserv
ative people, of course, give due weight to the
uncertainties that are liable to develop in con
nection with domestic politics, and there is in
euch quarters a due recognition of the dangers
that are Involved ln China. This seems to have
brought back many large flnanlcal Interest!*,
but on the ether hand money is easy and the
enormous disbursements of income on July 1,
have brought a large supply of funds into the
stock market for reinvestment.
Although scattered, the buying of dividend
paying stocks has been large and persistent.
and commission houses report a considerable
demand of that kind, which, of course, re
duces the floating supply. The fact that rains
have improved the wheat situation in the
Northwest and have caused expectations of
half a crop to replace the estimate of a total
faliure of the spring wheat yield in three im
portant States also helped the market and
caused coverings of shorts throughout the list.
The belief that a change for the better Is at
hand in the iron trade also had a good effect
on the Industrials. In the railroads the an
thracite group was the active feature of the
week, with sharp advances in several of the
members, giving rise to the idea that some im
portant deal involving trunk line interests Is ln
prospect.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Butter. Ekss and Cheese remain about th»
same as last week.
| JIcat3 are rising again la th« wholesale mar
| kets. Veal being particularly scarce and dear.
! Surr'les of Muttcn. Lamb and Pork are also
I light. The Poultry market la only fairly
stocked, receipts lrora th« East being small
j this week.
I Crabapples. Nectarines. Grapes and Melon*
are auded to the Fruit list, though they ar»
dear and scarce as yet.
There 13 no particular chanyt la Vegetables.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @13 00 [Seattle $3 00(3
Welliiinton . ©10 OOiSouthfleld
New Welling- Wellington ®10 00
• ton OK OOiCoos Bay.--. — — 6 1 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Batter, per sqr... t(K-i45' Rnr.ch Eggs, per
Do per roll SogSuj dozen lTHii3)
Cheese. Cal iO'tt 15 | Honey Comb. P«r
Chee3e, Kasfrn...l7<i2v; pound ....US-J
Cheese. Swiss 2C933 Do. extracted. ..10^13
Common Eggs — —SIS'
Meats, per lb— ..._,-
Bacon 15317 IPork. salt ....Htm
Eeaf choice 15@20Pork Chops 15^18
Do good l'JSri2 ' Round Steak H"f*13
Corned Beef —@W: Sirloin Steak 15®—
Ham Eastern. -15i@ IT do — 20&25
j ar d" — gir.Smoked Beef — ®15
iiutton 10ii 12 1 Pork Sausages.. 12V •'<¦;¦>
Spring Lamb 12ffl5 Veal
Perk, fresh 15320]
Poultry and Game—
Hpns. each &O360 Turkeys, per lb... II 3^9
Ycun? Roosters. I Pucks, each 5f»?M
each 50<973,Geese. each...H 25®1 30
Old Roosters, ea.— <B-iO'Plgeons. pair ¥)QM
Fryers, each 40^45 ! Rabbits, palp 4C85i>
Broilers, each 20@40jHare. each —©20
Fruits and Nuts—
Apricots 4@ 5 Nutmeg Melons.
Almonds, per Ib..l3*— each 15^2$
Apples 4JJ 5iOrar.ses. dozen. ..loU-i
Bananas dozen. . .10^1 20i Lemons, dozen Kf?2O
Blackberries d-wr20-S25! Nectarines, per lt> 8^19
Cherries per lb..liV312* Plums, per lb *& &
I Crabapples. per lb 4g 5| Raisins, per ib... S'alS
Cantaloupes, each.25'a-3 Ra-spberrien. dwr.2."«X>
Currants, drawer. 3«.-*i5C Peaches, per lb... 4^ •
)-'ii? p«r lb S'a Str^^^^¦^^•rries. per
Grapes, per lb 10-J20 drawer 20^35
[ L-tar Berries, per V limits. r*r lb...— -¦>'>
j drawer 50g6O Watermelons, ea.— <QZi
Goosiborrles lb... 5©10;
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz...30e60 ' Lettuce, per doa.. 13-3 —
Asparagus, per lb 4t»10: Onions, per lb Z@ S
Eeets. do* 12<3i5'Okra, green, per
Beans, white, lb.. 5®— lb 20@C3
Colored, per lb.. 49 5 Peppers, gre«n.lb 8'^10
Lima, per lb....— 4* 8 Potatoes, per lb.. ip 5
Cabtajre. each 6<lTli> Parsnips, per do«.15<a—
CauliHowers. each 5«10| Rhubarb, per lb.. va 9
Celery, bunch — i Radishes. Az bchsl.v<7!3
0re!"3. «Joz br.chs..20'tf;ijSaga. do2 br.chs.. 23-335
C'j'-umbers. per T String Beans, lb.. *Q S
dozen St£10:Summer Squash
Egg Plant, lb.... S'-iW Per lb 4fi 5
nrecn Cum. doz..l5'fj30:Thyme. per lb 20«")
Oreen Peas, lb — -¦& 5 ! rurn!ps, per day.-WrtlJ
Lentils, per lb 60 si Tomatoes, per lb. 53 <
Fish—
Barracuda 12@— Shad 12^—
Carp S§10 Sea Bass —©13
Cod:ish XZ'Ui-— ISmelts U^—
Flounders S310 Soles 121J—
Halibut 12-& 15; Skates, each 8$1J
Kincrflsh — «S12|Tomcod —©19
Hackerel YJ9— 'Clams, gallon 50-(> —
Do. Horse — ii— I Do hardshell. 100. 10®;!)
Perch l(VfZi;!Ciabs. each 10<f?l3
Pomplno — jZ — ! Do softshell. da.25-335
Rockflsh — (f?13! Mussels, quart 10^13
Salmon, fresh 123 13 'Oyster*. Cal. 100..40<{i.-,0
Do. smoked — **20! Do Eastern, doz2if»4O
Shrimps SS101
NEW YORK. July 6.-FLOUR-ReceIpts, 81.
420 barrels; exports. 27,434 barrels. Moderately
active and steady at old prices.
WHEAT — Receipts, 105,450 bushels; exports,
65,570 bushels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red, 8Sc t. o.
b. alioat; No. 2 red, 85Vfcc elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 89^C f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth, Sic f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions — Opened higher and steady on a rally in
Knglish cables, but almost immediately turned
weak under foreign selling, local liquidation
and the Northwest rains. This was followed by
an afternoon reaction and partial recovery of
the strength of corn and a scare of shorts.
Closed flrm at %c to %c net advance. July,
S5<ySC>ic. closed S6V4c; September, 83%@S5»ic,
closed S5c; October. 84%gS5%c. closed 85Vic.
COFFEE— Futures opened irregular at un
changed prices to 20 points decline, closed
steady at 5@15 points net decline. Total sales,
3G.0O0 baps, including: July, J7 75®7 50; Sep
tember, $7 95<&8; October, $S 10®S 15: November,
JS jr,@S 20; December, $S 40@8 50; January. $8 45
WS .15; March. JS 5C<fiS 65; May, $S 65<&8 75. Spot
Rk> Rio, barely steady; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, flrm; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS. «
Price variations were conspicuous by their
absence in the market for evaporated apples
to-day. Trading wa3 of the hand-to-mouth
order, with sellers ln control. California dried
fruits were quiet and unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3%<35c; prime, oVSaohic; choice, 5K<3Wic; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3*4@7c per
lb, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS — Royal, 12 I .i@14c; Moorpark, 15®
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 6@3c.
Chicago Grain Market.
Charters.
The Bertha leads lumber at Burrard Inlet
for Valparaiso; Highland Light, coal at Ta
coma for Honolulu ; bark Santa Rosa, lumber
at Pert B'.akelcy for Payta, Peru, on owners'
account.
Receipts of Coal.
Receipts of coal at this port during the first
half of the year amount to 734. S70 tons, agralnst
733.570 tons during the same t!me last year,
the principal de?cripti'>Tce being as follows:
Pupet Found, nC3,.',67; Australian, 61,441; British
Columbian. :CS,6C0.
Merchandise for Guam.
The ATr.erir.in brig John D. f-prerk^ls cleared
yesterday for Guam with a general cargo
valued at J940S. mrfnifeste.1 as follows:
20CS TT>s sugar. Si. 000 cigarettes. 544 lt»s to
bacco, 24 cs gin, 43 cs whisky, CC pkgs groceries
ar.d provisions, i% gals wine, 4 crs bicycles,
S ors sewinK machlnr-s. lf.O cs canned fruit. Z6
cs Ciinnel ve»;etal'lrs. Tl jjVks household goods.
BIS JT>s bread. KX> bales hay. IS otl3 nats. 27
re canned poods, 2. r 0 kbls salmon, C0-) bbls nour,
2QM t! • i-ice, 4'J os soap. 29 cs bf ans, 200 crs
potato**. 20 crs onions, IS pkgs hardware, lO.O'fO
bricks, SO c« kerr.sone. 10 cs cheese. 6 cs dry
F^'-ds. C6 rltsrs furniture. IS kr-ss srun powder,
4 cs rartnei^es, 6 frrlndstor.es. 15 reels wire.
5 bar*. 22 bdls 10 cs iron, S pkgs agricultural
implements.
Additional Cargo.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Walla Walla, which sailed Thursday for Vic
toria, carried the tollowlnc: 1701 pkgs fruit,
CC jik»rs ¦»[»t»M»« l T sks beans, 37 bxs lemons,
€0 crs or.ions, 171 rks potatoes; value, 31771.
WeatKcr Report.
CUf Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., July 6. 5 p. ra.
The following maximum temperatures were
r»;v->rted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60 Red Bluff SI
Mount TamaJpa'.s fej Sacramento S6
Fresno 102 Fan Luis Oblspo.... 76
Lo« Angeles (¦> Han Diego C6
£an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72; minimum. 50; mean, C2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tbe pressure has risen rapidly over Idaho,
OreKon and Wathir-gton. An area of hleh
rrepvure &pi>ears to be movlr.g in over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. Over the
BOBtbeni half there has been but little change.
The temperature has risen from & to 10 de
erces ov^r <^rejron an<i Ka^tern \Va5hin?ton; It
ha« remained nearly stationary throughout Cal
iffrnla. In the Han Jnaquin and Sacramento
Valleys temperatures rantir^g from 95 to 105
degrees are reported. Conditions are favorable
for continued warm weather Saturday Bttd
frobably Sunday, with increasing north winds.
Rain has fallen ln Montana and North Da
kota. No rain has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Forecasts ir.aiie at San Franciseo for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 7, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; continued
»arm weather; fresh northerly winds in the
lr.tertcr; brisk westerly winds on the coast.
Southern Calif ortiia— Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm weather.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday: not bo warm.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco . and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
continued warm weather; light northerly winds.
chancir.2 to brisk westerly winds with foe in
the a/ternoon. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
400 Mobile & Ohio ,,.. 85^
Missouri, Kansas & Texas Wt
1.C50 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 303i
1.&70 New Jersey Central 129
1,34b New York Central 127H
4,310 Norfolk & Western 31T»
3.-.0 Norfolk & Western prefd 75
14.S50 Northern Pacific 60*4
2.004 Northern Pacifle prefd 7OV4
2.700 Ontario & Western 19H
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
10.<C0 Pennsylvania 127
500 Reading W%
1S.CG0 Heading 1st prefd 6»"»
*25 Reading 2d prefd 2S
Hio Grande Western E9%
1C0 Rio (Jrr.nde Western prefd S8
2'jO Bt Louis & San Francisco 9>,i
Bt LquIs & San Fran :?t prefd 65
610 S: Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd 32*4
St Louis, Southwestern !*^*
2"0 Ft Louis. Southwestern prefd 24
10,775 St Paul 1U«4
St Paul prefd 171
ICO St Paul & Omaha 110
£.L"vi Southern I'acifl..- 31%
? ¦0 Southern Hallway 104*
2,443 Southern Railway prefd 60Vi
&*) Texas i Pacific 14
S.'r>5 Union Pacific '. 60»4
2.41G Union Pacific prefd 72'g
100 Wabash , « 7 4
400 Wafca&h rrefd IS
231 Wheeling & L E 8%
:% Wheeling &• L E Id prefd 22\
H)0 Wisconsin Central 12
300 Third Avenue 110H
Kxpress Companies —
Adams 114
American 150
United States 45
Wells Kargo 122
Miscellaneous —
8,050 American Cotton Oil 33*i
American Cotton Oil prefd 8S>£
American Malting 3'4
American Malting prefd lS^i
1,200 Am Smelting & Refining 3614
100 Am Smelting & Reanine prefd 87
American Spirits 1«£
American Spirits prefd 17
2,075 American Steel Hoop 20H
3C0 American Steel Hoop prefd 6SV»
8.E29 American Steel & Wire 32H
3.C70 American Steel & Wire prefd 72>/.
P.".5 American Tin Plate 2OVb
310 American Tin Plate prefd 74
6,6tn) American Tobacco 91
Air.erlcan Tobacco prefd 125
Anaconda Mining- C 39
2S.256 Drooklyn Rapid Transit 56
Pf>0 Colorado Fuel & Iron ZZ%
2.075 Continental Tobacco 24'j»
733 Continental Tobacco prefd 77 l »
6.7K0 Fedf-ral Steel 33
130 Federal Steel prefd 65H
2i*> Oener.il Electric 129
730 Glucose Suear 49%
Glucose Sugar prefd 0(1
300 International Paper 21%
100 International Paper prefd 64Va
Lacledfc Gas 70
National Hiscuit, ex dlv 33
N.iticnal ISiscult prefd S2H
300 National Load u
National Lead prefd S6
{¦50 National Steel 24«-4
S50 National Steel rrefd fi3%
ll* New rorfc Air Brake 135
9,210 Ncrth American 15
Pacific Cr-a?t fc 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefa 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd C3
260 Pacific Mail 27
8,'l*0 Pecjilti's Gas 'SSVi
100 Pressed Steel Car 44%
210 Pressed Steel Car prefd 74'
Pullman Pnlace Car 179
Standard Kone & Twine 5
S7,r,55 Supar H6H
3 fl 0 Sucar prefd U5
1.7M Tennessee Coal & Iron 63
l.W United States Leather B
:?i(> T'nited St:ites Leather prefd 63
5.731 Uniti-d States Rubber 24
1,110 United States Rubber prefd 90
lfi!» Western Union SO
2T..1 Republic Iron & Steel Co 10^4
41'5 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 52
P C C & St Louis S3
243.S00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. reg. M K & T 2<3» 65
, when issued 101 N Y Celt Jsts 108
Do coup .1 irs x j cent ceil 5s..lif.'/4
Do 2? rest.' 1M |X P .;* f6%
Do 2s re-s IGft&l Do '« 194%
Do 2s coup lOS'ilN Y 'J & S T.. 4*. .IOC "
Do new 4g rar..l34 j Nor & W con 4? . J'flH
Do coup 134 |Or Nav lsts 107'
Do old 4s res...ll4*i- Po 4s ... . iniu
Do coup 1I4VO S Line 6* 123 ;
Do 5s rei .. .. ...ll"'t ! Do cot 3s HIM i
Do coup 11". 14! Reading On <«... E7»i i
DiFt of C 3.C5S.J...113 jR Q W Ut s ?;% j
Atchlson g?n 4b... .107^4 1 S L & I M con G* 110 I
Do adjt 4s 83 |S L ft S F Gen <! s 121
Canada So 2ds 107 St P con 166
C& O 4>is 99V4 St P C & P Ists.-DGH
Do H 110M- Do Zu 117
C & N con 7s 140',i|S P 4b 7SU
Do 3 F Deo 5s. .119 So Ry 5s ."..ilOSVi
Chicapo Term 4s.. 193 Standard R & T 6s 70
Colo So Is M?i Tex & Pac lsts....UHi
D & R G lsts 102 Do 2ds ..........55
Do 4b 97^iU P 4s 104};
Erie fen 4s 88*& Wabash lsts ... .116
Ft W & D C lit?.. 72 Do 2ds 101U
Gen Electric 's....317»4 West Shore *a lwl
Iowa Ont lsts ....1:2 ' Wl s Cent 1st 87^4
IC C P & G lsis.... 70*4) Va Centuries 91K
L Sc N Uni 4s 9SH !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lojOntario ¦ 75
Crown Point OS'Ophir «5
Con Cal & Va. 1 40 1 Plymouth I'.'.'. 10
Deadwood 42! Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 10: Do prefd 7 00
Jia:e & Norcross.. 80 Sierra Nevada 'S
Homestake 60 00 Standard I 50
Iron Silver 52, Union Con JO
Mexican 17 1 Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Pac E0»4
Call loans 2%@3% j West End ! 93
Time loans 3Vi94jWi s Cent 13
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch Tci. & S F.. 24»ij Atchlson 4s 99%
Do prefd JJ'iiN R 0 & Coke 5s. 65
Aemr Sugar 116 j Mining Shares-
Do prefd 115k ; Adventure 2
Bell Tel 145 Allouez Mln Co.... 1
Boston & Albany.. 244 Amalg Copper 85
Boston Elevated ..O',4 Atlantic 22
Chi Bur & Q 124Vtk>ston & Mont... 20
Dominion Coal S3 j Butte & Boston 62
Federal Steel 33 | Calumet &. Hecla..72O
Do prefd 66 icentennial IS
Fitcvhburg prefd. .lSi'i Franklin 12
General Elec 128V4 Osceola 60
Kd Elec 111 205 I Parrot 40
Mexican Cent 12U!Qulncy 135
Mich Tel 85 jSanta Fe Copper.. 44
N E Gas & Coke.. 15 Tamarack 17S
Old Colony .203 Utah Mining 26H
Old Dominion 17% Winona 2%
Rubber 23^4 i Wolverine* 36}»
The 'stock and Bond Exchange will resum©
bi.'slness to-day.
The Mutual Electric Company will pay th«
usual dividend cf 8 cents per share next week.
The Nevada National Dank has declared a
serai-annual dividend of J3 50 per share, pay
able on the 10th.
The Crocker-Woolworth National Bank will
pay the usual semi-annual dividend of J4 per
share this month.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend oi 35 cents per share on tiis 10th.
Family Retail Market.
Silz'er and Exchange as before quoted.
ll'Jwct firm at a slight recovery. Barley steady.
Oats firm and -wanted. Corn and Rye dull.
Both new and old Hay doing better. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Increased demand for White Beans.
Potatoes continue in free supply. Onions steady.
Fine creamery Butter firm, but dairy grades weak.
Eggs and Cheese as previously quoted.
Poultry in moderate supply and steady.
Canners buying Bartlett Pears >at $20 per ton.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit. \
Provisions inactive and weak.
Peoria 1.700,714 .... 21.7
Rochester 2,518,041 30.2
New Haven 1,668,46s 41.4
Worcester 1.3C1.1I37 16.2
Atlanta X.2S9 028 ....
Salt Lake City 2,S94,!iOO 26.4 ....
Springfield. Mass .. 1,533,413 2.4 ....
Fort Worth 1,528.915 12.8
Portland. Me 1,223.781 21.5 ....
Portland. Or 1.728.663 16.9 ....
St. Joseph 3.9M.663 52.1
Los Angeles 1.600.775 .... 10.7
Norfolk 1,313.845
Syracuse 1,203,850
I>e.« Molnea 1,220,000 .... 17.4
Nashville 924 479 27.0
Wilmington. Del .. 1.011.034 25.5
Fall River 674,784 6.9 ....
Scranton L074.8O6 7.6
Grand Rapids 1*40,594 .... 9.4
August, Ga 648.059 27.1
Lowell 432.595 10.4
Dayton. O 1.051.081 6.3
Seattle 3,101,562 46.3 • ....
Tceoma 746,122 41.8
Spokane L057.SSS .... 11.7
Sioux City 1,589,120 65.8
New Bedford 452.818 13.2
Knoxville, Tenn .. 4S3.SI2 .... 24.0
Topeka 403.33S .... 15.1
Birmingham 733,953 45.4
Wichita 420.433 .... * ....
BInghamton 373,900 ....
Lexington. Ky .... 419,104 ....
Jacksonville. Fla .. 203,742 25.3 ....
Kalamazoo 894,436 12.2 ....
Akrcn 424,400 9.5 '
Chattanooga 404.407 8.8 ....
Rockford. Ill 283.-196 4.8
Canton. O 229,000 .... 2.9
Springfield, 0 263,002 .... 7.1
Fargo. N. D 349.S60 .... ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 133, 1SS .... 9.6
Hastings, Nebr .... 161,972 88.9
Fremont, Nebr .... 122 638 .. . 17.5
Davenport 1,131.671 5.3
Toledo 2.2CS.S92 2.8 ....
Galveeton 4,320,000 .... 12.4
Houston 4,343,643 .... 2.2
Helena 574,722 7.4
Maoon 455,0(0 .... . ..
Yimngstown 203,258 41. P
Evansville 670,035 .... 1 7
Little Rock 3S9.74S 0.8 ....
Total ln U. S... $1,599,912,705 .... 33 2
Totals outside
New York 63S.656.0S6 3.S ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J12.663.0S3 .... 8.0
Torcnto 10.765.3S2 .... 4.0
Winnipeg 2.162.SS3 12.9
Halifax 1.4S6.660 9.3
Hamilton • 700,257 .... 12 9
St. John. N. B 779,371 25 5
Vancouver S26 SIC 12 9
Victoria CC6.S96 5.3
Totals J2S,9SC,848 .... 2.0
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
known for some days to come, they differ very
little from 400.000.000 bushels wheat and corn
together, which was almost exactly the quan
tity exported last year, while ln 1898 It was
slightly larger. It Is now asked by the most
conservative whether Indian corn -has -not at
last crept into such favor» in place of other
grain that a larger quantity of It will be re
quired hereafter, lessening the strain ln this
country when wheat Is in short supply and
without curtailing the supply to the world's
needs or the sum due to this country on bal
ances. A single -moderately short wheat crop
might change all calculations ln this respect
for the future.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. July 6.— Money on call, easy,
at I%©2 per cent; last loan, 1H per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%@4^ per cent. Sterling
exchange, firm, with actual business ln bank
ers' bills at $4 SG% for demand and $4 83%©
4 S4 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 S5@4 87H-
Commercial bills. $4 S3@4 83*4 . ' Bar silver,
61%c. Silver certificates, 62@C2%c. Mexican
dollars, 4Sc. Government bonds, steady.
London Market.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram to-day
says: Business was on the Increase In the
markets here to-day, but the tone was firmer,
yesterday's scare having been overdone and
Berlin's tap being turned off. The deoartinent
was cheerful, London regarding the silver plat
form as fatal to Bryan's chances and beginning
to discount the re-election of President Mc-
Kinley. I
The bank sold £56,000 in French coin and lost
£50,000. taken for the Cape and £26,000 taken
for South America.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 6.— Atchlson. 96V4; Canadian
Pacific, 91; Union Pacific preferred, 75; North
ern Pacific preferred, 72%; Grand Trunk, 6%;
Anaconda. 77&; bar silver, steady, 27 l-16d per
ounce; money, 1%@1% per cent.
95c@Jl 20, half box. Peaches— Hale' s. 15@85c a
box; Strawberry, 60<S65c; Imperial. S5@90c.
MONTREAL, Quebec, July 6.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Apples-
White Astrachan (box), average Jl 62, half-box,
average S9c. Two cars sold.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000,
Including 500 Texans. Steers steady; butchers'
stock, steady to strong; natives best on sale
to-day, twelve carloads, at J3 45; good to prime
steers, J5 lS^o 73; poor to medium, J4 65@5 10:
selected feeders, steady, $3 Sj@4 85: mixed
stockers, quiet. J2 60J?3 75: cows. $2 90®4 40;
heifers. J3©3; canners. $2 23ig i 2 75: bulls, steady.
|2 5004 50: calves, steady, |4 50® 6 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 10.5C0; to-morrow,
13.000: left over. 2500; average 5c higher to J« 50;
mixed and butchers'. J5 054i5 50: good to choice
heavy. $5 2C@5 45; rough heavy. *S O. r .®3 15; light.
$5 15<a5 50; bulk of sales, $3 30<Jt5 37H.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; sheep, dull; good to
choice lambs. 10@15c higher, others steady to
slow; good to choice wethers, J4 1504 SO; f«*r
to choice mixed, $3 15<??4 25; Western aheep, $4®
4 75; Texas sheep, $3 7504; native lambs, $4 25'tf
6 SO; Western lambs. $5@6 10.
Afoe; York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 6. — The Iron markets con
tinue in their downward course. Warrants
were reduced from J14 to $13 50 and nominal at
that. Future deliveries could be had at actual
cost, less prices ln London. Tin ln London
was £1 5s higher, and the local market was
firm and also higher ln sympathy with the
advance abroad. The close was firmer, but
quiet, at J31 25.
Copper here as well as ln London was very
quiet at unchanged prices.
Lead ruled very dull at |4 10®4 15.
- Spelter declined sharply ln London and wu
2tt points lower here at Jl 224@4 27ft,
Tin plates ruled very quiet.
The brokers' price for lead was J3 90 and for
copper JIG £5 and flB 50.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 6.— Strong Liverpool cables
dominated the local cotton market to-day and
inspired considerable bull speculation. The
close was steady, with prices 9 to 12 points
Mgher. j
London Wool Market.
LONDON. July 8.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 13,203 bales were offered. Competition
was brisk for crossbreds. Greasy wools of
Kood quality were ln demand by the Contin€nt.
Americans were more active. Cape of Good
Hcpe and Natal wools were Blow and Punta
Arenas were in quiet demand and sold from
\b& to 3 farthings lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., July 8.— Clearings, J348,
633; balances. $54,460.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 6. — There vu a firmer
ttej'.nz ln the wheat market to-day, but
there id such a email amount of business doing
in Portland that it Is a difficult matter to make
an accurate quotation. Walla Walla Is nom
inal at CC®67c and Valley at about the same
flitire. Bluestem, SS^Cc.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. July 6.— Wheat— Club, 66c; Blu*
stem. 53c.
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July 6.— Consols. 99H: Silver.
2S 7-16d; French rentes, 93f 65c; Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard
California, 31s 6d; Walla Walla, 30s; English
country markets, weak.
LIVERPOOL, July 6.— Wheat, flrm; No. 1
Standard California. 6 S 4%di06s, 5d: Wheat In
Paris, dull: Flour ln Paris, dull: French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, BTid.
The imports of wheat Into Liverpool for the
past three days were 2S9.000 centals. Including
220,000 centals American.
WHEAT— Spot, flrm; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 5d* No 1 California, 6s 6d. Futures— Quiet;
July 6s 3d; September, 6s 3V*d; December, nom
inal.
CORK- Spot, quiet: American mixed, new.
4s 3d- American, old. 4s 2ftd. Futures— Quiet;
July 4s 5tt<l; September, 4s l«4d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, flrm, 8s 3d.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Poultry and Game.
the same, supplies of neither being excessive.
Tomatoes are ln better supply and weaker.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, nominal; New
Early Rose. 35@50c; New Burbanks, 35®. 5 per
ctl • - '
ONIONS-New Red. 65©75c; Tellow. J1©1 13
P 'vEGETABLES— Green Corn. WSSoc per
sack for Vacaville, 75c per crate for Bejke
ley and J1®1 50 for Alameda; Asparagus, uc^
Jl 75 per box for common to choice and Jifj2 50
for fancy large: Green Peas. 2Hfi3c per lb:
StrinK Beans, l*2@3c: Cabbasre. M03Oe: Toma
toes. «>©S5c: Rivers. U 5O@l 75; Ess Plant. 4'a)
5c; Green Okra. 15c: Green Peppers. J1-&1 IS i>?r
box for Chili and Jl@l 25 for Bell; Dried Pep
pers. S@10c; Carrots, 25@S3c per sack; bummer
Squash. 40@65c for Alameda: Cucumbers. 40StK;c
for Alameda; Garlic, 2S3c per lb.
Owing to light receipts from the East th's
week the market Is steady, though the demand
Is light, as usual during midsummer.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10311c for Gob
blers and ll@12Uc for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1
©1 25; Goslings. SI 50@l 75; Ducks. $3 ZO^il for
old and J<!j4 50 for young; Hens. J4fi-3; young
Roosters, J5 50@6; old Roosters, ?I©4 iO: Fryers,
$3@4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for iarse and J2 23Q2 7j
for email; Pigeons. $1 60 per dozen for old and
Jl 75 for Si'Jaba.
GAME — Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
sales over the top quotations, but dairy d
Fin* Creamery Butter Is reported flrm. with
scrlptlons are getting inferior, as usual at
this time of the year, and are accordingly weak.
There is no change ln Cheese. Eggs are sta
tionary, as the demand and supply about bal
ance.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lS%SWc: sec
onds, 17HS1SC.
Dairy— Fancy, 16tfc; good to choice. 15'.j'S16c:
common. 14 V ljc.
CHEESE — New, SH@9c: Touns America. 9'i
©10c; Eastern, 16® 17c; Western, 15gl6c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13gl4e for store and li'u)
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, H'y'H'^c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The canners are after Bartlett Pears and art
willingly paying $20 per ton. Some are buying
them second hand from Eastern shippers as
hlfe-h as (25. The fact is. the usual glut in
fruit did not come to hand this year, much to
the surprise of the whole trade, and nobobdy
seems to understand why. Some think that th#
crop of all fruits Is much less than expected
two months ago; others that the Eastern and
Northern demand has been so great that all
the .surplus has been taken to satisfy It. What
ever the cause, however, we are certainly hav
ing one of the best fruit seasons for six or
seven years, and it bids fair to continue so.
There is no accumulation of stock, and both
canners and Eastern shippers are obliged to
pay living prices to obtain supplies.
Oranges and Lemons are In better supply and
weaker.
Supplies of Peaches. Apricots and Plums are
moderate and all are steady.
Grapes are green and slow of sale.
DECIDUOUS FKU1TS—
APRICOTS— 23@60c per box and crate; ln
baskets. 20^35c; in bulk. 2^30 per tb to the
trade and $lu'';2.*. per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 13@25c per basket and 35c(S*l for
large boxes; fancy Gravenstelns. $1 25; Crab
apples, 40@50c per box.
PEARS— 30<go0c per box; Bartletts. 73cg$L
PLUMS— 20<&40c per box and crate and 2'J@40c
per basket; in bulk, tlOWlo per ton; Prunes.
25@£0c per crate and 25@40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— %2 5CQZ 50 per chest for
Urge and $2«J3 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3®5 per chest-
BLACKBEKK1ES— $2^4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES — ?T@S per chest.
CURRANTS— $233 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@Sc per lb.
FIGS— Per box. 25S&C for single and 40®73o
for double layers.
NECTARINES — 'White. 75c per box.
PEACHES— 40@65c per box and 40<365c per
baFk*t for common and JOfiSoc per box and
4u®Sf.: per basket for Crawfords.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona. Jl 75 per
crate. Fontainebleau. from Vacaville, 75ct?*l-
CHERRIES — Nominal at 5(SSc per lb.
MELONS — Nutmegs, per case from Ari
zona and 75c(5Jl 25 for nearby. Cantaloupes, $1U
1 75 per crate for Indto and "5c<S$l 25 for Vaca
ville Watermelons, from Indio, per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 50c®*l 50; St.
Michaels, Jl@2; Valenclas. fl 50®2; Lemons, $1
Ql 50 for common and $2'?3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4£5; Bananas, 75c®$2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 50Q3 SO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, ln sacks.
4@4V4c for 43-50's. Z^'SZ^c for BO-60-3, 2%@3^c
for 60-70's. S@3^ic for 70-SO's. SjiS^c for 80-908
and 2%02%c for SO-100's. Peaches. 4H04*;c for
Standards, 5c for choice and SH'gSc for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, lO'gl'Hc; Evaporated Apples,
bu.rdte- sun-dried. 3@4c per lb: Pears. 3V4i*4^c
for dark and 7(ftSc for bright halves: Black
Fl^s l\®2c; White Figs, 233c: Bleached
Plums, 7%c; Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted !
and me for unpitted.
NEW CROP— Apricots, 6@7Hc per lb.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb l»c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. €c. / Sultanas-
Fancy per lb, S%c; choice. TUc; standard, 6^;
P'ime' 5c- unbleached Sultanas. 3c: Seedless,
SO-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
"-crown 6^c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 £0 P'*" box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. *2 50; Imperial, »3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
isjUTS Walnuts 8®9c for Standards and 9^
10c for softshells: Almonds, HHUI2c for paper
shell 9® 10c for soft and 4tf5c for hardshell:
Peanuts 5%S6»ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. TOGSc; Filberts. 12©12},c;
Pecans. 111213c: Cocoanuts. J3 5035.
HONET-Comb, 12H@13c for bright and 110
12c for light amber: water white, 7V*@7^c; light
amber extracted. WiSTc; dark. 6c per lb,
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@10Hc per lb for
heavy. 10%®10%c for Jlght medium. 11**0 for
light, 12%c for extra light and 14%c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@13c;
Mess Beef. J12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam
ily $u: extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear. J19;
Mess tl« 60; Smoked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c p»r ll> for com
pound and 8»4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
Sfcc: 10-lb tins. 9\ic; 5-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S%c; three
half barrels, S^ic: one tierce. Sftc; two tierces.
8Vic; five tierces. 8Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted,
with a dull market.
HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands eell
about lo under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9V4c: medium. 8%@9c; light. 8%c; Cowhides.
S^ic; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, SVic; Calf. 9Vic: Dry
Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands. 13c: Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 205330a each: short Wool, 30®50c each;
medium, 60@S0c; long Wool, SOcQU lt> each;
Horse Hides, salt. $2^2 23 for large. }1 75 for
medium/ $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, do*. Jl 50 for large. Jl 23 for medium. «i
for small and 25@30c for colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins. 37U@40c; fall or medium
skin?. 32"£©35c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
¦ 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2,
Sc; refined. 5Vic; grease, 14c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15® 16c: Northern defective. 13®
15c; Middle County, free. 15(g:i7c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 130150: Southern Mountain. II
months'. 12f?13c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll(*J13c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendocino,
17ffl9c: Nevada. 14(J717c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at u@10c per lb; new, SiglOo.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5<56'ic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8!~@9'ic; small. 9"«tno&c per
pound.
MUTTON— 'Wethers. 7'.i®S*4c; ewes, ?@7Hc
LAMB-Sprlng, 8H@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6:36>*c for small. S-^—Jc
for medium and oH'Su'Sc for large: stock Hogs
and feeders. SHc; dressed Hoes. S@0c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. J5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c; Wool Bags, 2Sy.<g32'.4c •
Fleece Twine. T^c; Fruit Bags. 6H©6*ic for
white and SU@S 3 ic for bleached Jute
COAL— « ellington. JS per ton: new Welling
ton. $3: Scuthfiel.l Wellington. $S; Seattle $6-
Bryant. JC: Coos Bay. $5 50: M-allsend.t3-.Co:
operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland. ai'in bulk
V?~ 'u 3 r" Sa fH : ,, PenRs y lv anI* Anthracite
r. *vitr Rni i e «.' 1 . 1 per ton: Coke - * 16 P er
t? J n c bl i lk and J1? ln Ba(l ks; Castle- Gate and
Rnck Springs. $8 4u per 2000 pounds
RICE-China mixed, |4 10; China No. L M 25©
: w X 7-«- ?a %@ : \ rj >'' Hawaiian. $5<33 23: Ja
pan, $4 7j(3o oO; Louisiana. $t 50«7
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Penning Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-ib bars: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6c; Powdered. 5.80c;
Candy Granuated 5.60c: Dry Granulated, 5.Mc
Confectioners A. 5.50c; Magnolia A. 5.t0c; Ex
tra C. oc: Golden C. 4.90c: barrels. 10c more:
half-barrel*. 23c more: boxes. 60c more: 50-lb
baps, 10c more. N'o orders taken for less than
.^ barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 6.23c; boxes. 6.00c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY/ JULY 6.
Oatsv ctls. ........ x 34* Straw tons 5
Cheese, ctls "104 Ejtks, 'do2...V.V.".V 13.720
Butter, ctls 303 Wine, gals 73.S0O
Ta»ow ctls 2S2 Pen.,: bdls . 341
nran' «t „ 237 ! Brandy, gals 7.K0
?«i55'i. • ' 2. ICO. Quicksilver, neks 22
Middlings sks... 2.320 Leather, rolls.... 103
Onions, sks 333 Hides, So 802 j
Potatoes, sks 2.5711
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO "rOAIiIy SATURDAY^ JULY 7, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS:
Flow of Rivers.
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
Continued on Pago Thirteen,
United States Coant and Geodetic 8nrrey—
Times and HeUrhts of High and Low
10
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. 3 U Mer
chnnM" KxcUnge. San Francisco. Cal..
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 «.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock d. m.. Greenwich time.
„ c. a. calkins.
nontenant Commander. IT. S. N.. In charge.
.Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 7S% 73T4 77V4 78T4
August "3V4 SOU 7S',i 80
September 8OV4 81H 75H 8074
Corn No. 2—
July 42% 43»i 42V6 48%
Ausust 43U 44i4' 43 44Vi
September 43?i 44»i . 43% 44H
Oats No. 2—
July 23U 24 23 24
August 23% 24'i 23 237*
September 23»4 24H 23% 24 V4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 60
September 12 97»/4 13 00 12 77'.4 12 77 ',4
Lard, per 10 Olbs—
July 8 774
September 7 00 7 02% 6 90 6 90
October 7 02H 7 02% 6 95 6 55
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 02%
September 7 15 7 17V4 7 02H T 05
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLY3 FERRT.
I Second Feet.
DATE. j
1S33. I 1300.
June 24 4363 &90
June 25 5170 53S0
June 26 5170 53S">
June 27 '. 49*3 5170
June 28 '. 4365 4965
Juna 29 4?«5 4965
June 30 4365 4760
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
I Second Feet.
DATE. I j —
1S33. 13C0.
«jj. j «w.
June 24.: 13^3 - j 1365
June 25 1540 1200
June 26 1540 1013
June 27 1365 1043
June 23 1365 1200
June 29 1120 1045
June 30 1045 1045
TUOLCMSE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
(Second Ft.! ! :
DATE. ¦ 'Mn'sCa-ITurlocklTofl
1S39 1300 j Canal, j Canal, j UuO
*
June 24 1 3S54 3S30 13 10 3So2
June 25 3121 S3-J5 13 133 34itJ
June- 28 2713 S10O 13 133 3251
June 27 2S24 2900 12 133 3031
June 2S 2514 2900 13 133 3(51
June 29...... 23C9 2430 13 133 2641
Jur.e 30 2303 22S5 12 133 21M
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HBRNDON.
I Second Fe«t.
DATE. !
1S93. 13C0.
June 24 4173 4370
June 25 4570 4570
June 26 4175 4175
June 27 31C5 3SC0
June 2S 2620 39S5 .
June 29 2340 ' 3TW5
June 30 2340 3620
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
DATE. Second Feet.
1SS9. 1900.
1 ' — — .
June 24 4110 4110
June 25 3440 4110
June 26 :. 5120 430O
June 27 2SS4 3320
June 2S 2&2 36C0
June 23 2852 3410
June 30 2S52 2386
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLY3 FERRT.
I Second Feet.
DATE. j
1S33. I 1300.
June 24 4363 &90
June 25 5170 53S0
June 26 5170 53S">
June 27 '. 49*3 5170
June 28 '. 4365 4965
Juna 29 4?«5 4965
June 30 4365 4760
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
I Second Feet.
DATE. I j —
1S33. 13C0.
«jj. j «w.
June 24.: 13^3 - j 1365
June 25 1540 1200
June 26 1540 1013
June 27 1365 1043
June 23 1365 1200
June 29 1120 1045
June 30 1045 1045
TUOLCMSE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
(Second Ft.! ! :
DATE. ¦ 'Mn'sCa-ITurlocklTofl
1S39 1300 j Canal, j Canal, j UuO
*
June 24 1 3S54 3S30 13 10 3So2
June 25 3121 S3-J5 13 133 34itJ
June- 28 2713 S10O 13 133 3251
June 27 2S24 2900 12 133 3031
June 2S 2514 2900 13 133 3(51
June 29...... 23C9 2430 13 133 2641
Jur.e 30 2303 22S5 12 133 21M
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HBRNDON.
I Second Fe«t.
DATE. !
1S93. 13C0.
June 24 4173 4370
June 25 4570 4570
June 26 4175 4175
June 27 31C5 3SC0
June 2S 2620 39S5 .
June 29 2340 ' 3TW5
June 30 2340 3620
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
DATE. Second Feet.
1SS9. 1900.
1 ' — — .
June 24 4110 4110
June 25 3440 4110
June 26 :. 5120 430O
June 27 2SS4 3320
June 2S 2&2 36C0
June 23 2852 3410
June 30 2S52 2386
.Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 7S% 73T4 77V4 78T4
August "3V4 SOU 7S',i 80
September 8OV4 81H 75H 8074
Corn No. 2—
July 42% 43»i 42V6 48%
Ausust 43U 44i4' 43 44Vi
September 43?i 44»i . 43% 44H
Oats No. 2—
July 23U 24 23 24
August 23% 24'i 23 237*
September 23»4 24H 23% 24 V4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 60
September 12 97»/4 13 00 12 77'.4 12 77 ',4
Lard, per 10 Olbs—
July 8 774
September 7 00 7 02% 6 90 6 90
October 7 02H 7 02% 6 95 6 55
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 02%
September 7 15 7 17V4 7 02H T 05
AUCTION SALES
NEW YORK AUCTION CO.
12O BATTERY STREET.
J. GOLLODEP.. President.
Will Sell at Public Auction
1530 TESTS! 1510 TfiN^i! 1400 TEHT3 1
ASSORTED.
ON PREMISES. IB CLAY ST.. ON SATUR-
DAY, JULY 7, at 10 o'clock a. m.. rn lots to
suit. On Inspection Friday. July J. from 1 to
5 p. m. new yoi:k auctiox co..
Auctioneers.
£* AUCTION SALE! ft*
Monday. July 9, at 11 o'clock at Sw1txer"s
Stock Yard.". Twelfth and Harrison sts.. of
Ilcrses. brck?n and unbroken. Included in this
Fale 13 one handsomely m.itchefl pair of black3.
15 ban£a high. 6 and 7 years- old, pacers, well
broken; also cne bay team roaiist^rs and sev-
eral fine, gentle driving hnrsea. A3 we intend
to hold regular sales every Monday at 11
o'clock we will positively KUarantee every horse
to be as represented or money refunded. GEO,
S WITHER. Proprietor. S. WATKIX3. Auc-
tioneer.PRINCIPALS IN A UNIQUE
WEDDING.
:hurch, though Mrs. Xaylor Is In direct
charge of the congregation.
BERKELEY, July 6.— Mrs. M. M.
Arnold, an ordained minister of the
Friends' ! Church, Berkeley, united
in marriage her son, J. Clement
Arnold, and Miss Ora Anna Cook at the
home of the bride's parents In Whittler,
Los Angeles County, last Friday. There
were none present except the immediate
relatives of the contracting parties.
Mr. Arnold Is business manager of the
Berkeley Gazette, .prominent In affairs of
the town and interested in politics. Mrs.
Arnold (nee Cook) is the daughter of Dr.
C. J. Cook of Whittler.
John H. Coverly, a Stanford graduate,
was best man, and Miss Delia Coryelle
of Berkeley maid of honor.
Mr. and Mrs. Arnold returned from their
honeymoon, which was spent In touring
the cities and watering resorts of South
ern California, this afternoon and will re
side at 2000 Dwight way.
Mrs. Arnold, the mother. Is very promi
nent In the work of the Friends' Church on
the Pacific Coast. She Is editor of the
church paper, and a minister of the local
Goes to Relieve Hobson.
Thomas F. Ruhm, naval constructor,
with rank of lieutenant, U. S. N., arrived
In San Francisco day before yesterday.
He is on his way to Manila to succeed
Naval Constructor Hobron. now stationed
at Cavlte-vMr. Ruhm expects to sail next
Tuesday on the steamship Nippon Maru.
Not a Drinking Man.
Morgue » Surgeon Leland has reported
the. cause of the death of Frederick Hel
mer as heart disease. Helrrier fell dead
in a-vacant lot on Nebraska street a few
days ago. and it was reported to the Cor
oner's deputies that he had been drink
ing. Helmer's relatives say that he was
not a drinking man.
iLADY'S MAIDS IN EUROPE.
A Necessity There, Though Held to
"Be a Luxury Here.
"For one thing European women are to
be envied," said a young student of sing
ing who has Just returned from a sojourn
of three year3 In Europe. "That la the
facility with which they are able to keep
lady's maids on little or no income. 1 have
known women abroad to keep maids when
I wondered how they could employ them
working on the meager wardrobes they
seemed to possess.
"A lady's maid is looked upon by moat
American women as a luxury. An Ameri
can woman never thinks of engaging a
maid until she has pretty nearly every
thing else in the world that a reasonable
woman would want. After she has ac
quired Jewelry, clothes and an Income
which is likely to enable her to enjoy
these things permanently, she thinks of
getting a maid to take care of them. But
the maid abroad Is a necessity, to judge
from her unexpected appearance In the
service of many women." I have met
frowzy old women of title In Germany,
dressed in shabby black and living in
Charge d With Mayhem.
: Frank Tutschcr, a boy 17 years of age,
living at 503 Sixth street.' surrendered
himself . to the police yesterday and was
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
mayhem. Wednesday he fired off a toy
pistol into the face of Lilly Ryan, a girl
living- at 217 Harriet street, and she may
lose the sight of her right eye.
Held for Grand Larceny.
Herman; Meyer Hastings, ex-color ser
geant in the Pennsylvania regiment, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Jud?e Mogan yesterday on the charge
of grand larceny In $3000 bonds. He stole
$t»0 worth of jewelry from the room of
Mrs. Jennie Kean. 90C Market street, and
was arrested with the property in his
Towe Seeking a Clew.
Fire Marshal Towe continued his In
vestigations yesterday into the Incendiary
fire Wednesday night at the residence of
Mrs. Mary Weise, 138 Capp street, but
he has not yet been able to get a clew
to the man and woman supposed to have
started the lire. A gallon demijohn filled
with coal oil and wrapped in brown paper
was found at the house. It was care
fully tied, apparently the work of some
grocer. The Fire Marshal thinks the coal
oil was purchased at another part of the
city*and if he could ascertain the grocer
from whom it was purchased he thinks he
could get a clew worth following.
Student Rescues Child.
BERKELEY, July 6.— Clinton «. Morse,
well known in university circles, rescued
a little girl from drowning in the" Rus
sian River last Wednesday. Mr. Morse Is
camping nqfir Guerneville and was watch
ing some children in bathing, when one
of them sank in deep water. Ho Imme
diately leaped In and saved the child.
READY FOR THE MILL.
Al Neill and Jack Moffatt, who will fight
at Mechanics* Pavilion on July 13, are
hard at work at their respective training
quarters, the Terminus and the Seal Rook
House. Reports have It that both fighters
are In fine fettle and will be ready to mix
matters In a most satisfactory manner
when the gong sounds next Friday night.
It is quite the programme nowadays
for parties to visit both men and see them
at work. Neill is confident of victory this
time. Ho admits that he was over-con
fident during the last battle. He will cer
tainly leave this feeling when he toes the
scratch for the next encounter. Moffatt
Is not neglecting an hour of the day in
his training. He is almost up to the
mark.
Pays Delinquent Taxes.
OAKLAND. July 6.— To prevent the for
feiture of his property to the State be
cause of the non-payment of taxes Moses
I Frank, an extensive East Oakland
land holder, has paid up the delinquency
amounting to about $1300. Frank paid
no taxes for five years and his property
would have reverted to the State but for
his tardy payment.
Wife Wants a Divorce.
OAKLAND. July 6.— Katie W. Peter
son commenced suit to-day for a divorce
from Fred W. Peterson on the ground of
desei Jon. : - : :.»r- --¦.:.¦.'
Realty Company Formed.
OAKLAND. July 6.— Articles of Incor
poration were filed to-day by the Ro
dolph, Perkins & Lyon Company to con
duct a general real estate business. The
capital stock has been placed at $20,000,
of which $320 has been subscribed by the
following- directors: Otto A. Rodolph,
John R. Perkins. Charles E. Lyon. Stacy
W. Gibbs, George D. Mayle.
Reception to Mrs. Merritt.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Mrs. Cora Merritt,
department president of the Ladles' Re
lief Corps of the G. A. R.. was the guest
at a reception tendered to the ladies of
Lyon Relief Corps by Mrs. Augusta Ros
enberg last Tuesday evening. Mrs. Mer
ritt read an interesting report of her re
cent visit to the Soldiers' Home at Yount-
Vllle.
Japanese Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND, July 6.— A marriage li
cense was issued yesterday to two na
tives of Japan. They are Yokichi FiyI
and L. G. Kitsutaln. Both are Christians
and to the Deputy Clerk stated their de
sire to be married by an ordained min
ister. This is the first time the clerk's
office has been called upon to issue a
marriage, license to Japanese. .
Berkeley Library Report.
BERKELEY. July 6.— The annual re
port of the Berkeley Public Library has
Just been presented to the Board of Trus
tees. It shows the library to be in a
flourishing condition. There is a total of
Toll books, 1114 of which have been added
during the past year. A total of 133 pe
riodicals is received. Over $2000 is in the
treasury. The number of readers is in
creasing very rapidly.
"Yes, I caught a beautiful string." said,
the sunblistered, banker. "Many of 'em
weighed four pounds."
There was a brief silence.
The voice of the insurance agent broka
it.
"About how many did it take to weigh.
It?" he mildly asked.
"Not over ten," replied the unabashed
banker.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Caught on His Fish.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Llllle Carlsen, the
little daughter of Mr. and y Mrs. Fred F.
Carlsen of 1080 East Twenty-second street,
who was burned while playing about a
bonfire on the Fourth of July, died this
morning as the result of her terrible in
juries. The child was unconscious from
the time of the accident until death came.
It was thought yesterday that the girl's
burns would not result fatally, but she
sank gradually until this morning. Fred
F. Carlsen, father of the child, was se
verely burned about the arms and hands
while attempting to rescue the little one.
DEATH ENDS SUFFERING
OF LILLIE CARLSEN
OAKLAND, July 6.— The Standard Soap
Works of West Berkeley has changed
hands, an Eastern capitalist named
Bowles having purchased it from the
former owners, Mrs. Richard P. Thomas
and Daniel E. Dowling. It is the purpose
of the new proprietor to start the worka
again . within a week and run It to its
full capacity, employing about fifty hands.
The Boap works has not been running
with regularity of late on account of the
financial embarrassment of the former
owners. The people of Berkeley are
pleased over the resumption of the manu
factory.
STANDARD SOAP WORKS
SOLD TO EASTERN PARTY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
< 111S Broadway, July 6.
A number of children of the vacation
school, about twenty-seven boys and girls
all told, went to Trestle Glen on a botan
ical excursion this morning. The chil
dren gathered at the schoolhouse at 9
o'clock and from there went on a car to
Trestle Glen. The ladles of the Oakland
Club had provided a basket lunch and
everything was done to make the little
students of nature enjoy, as well as profit
by. their outing.
For several days preceding Mrs. Cun
ningham had been instructing the children
In botany and other nature studies, and
she accompanied the children this morn-
Ing The young students were delighted
with their object-lessons and came home
laden with varieties of leaves and flow
er" The boys, turning more to zoology,
made collections of polllwogs, beetles and
frogs.
The' teachers who had charge of the
excursion were Hiss McClees, superin
tendent of the vacation school: Miss Alice
McChesney, Miss Carlton and Mr. "Wel
kins, superintendent of the play ground.
The vacation school will probably close
next Friday, unless the Oakland Club
should decide at Its next, meeting to con
tinue the school for another -week. The
exercises on that occasion will be very In
teresting and the work done by the chil
dren during the term will be on exhibition.
On the day before the Fourth a patriotic
programme was rendered by the pupils of
the vacation school. Giles \V. Gray of the
Board of Education was present and made
a speech, which was very much appre
ciated by his youthful auditors. Mrs. G.
W. Bunnell, president of the Oakland
Club, was also present and entertained
the children with a little story effectively
told.
How the Institution Has Been Run
During the Warm Summer Days
for the Benefit of tha
Scholars.
Children of the Vacation
School Given an
Outing.
OBJECT LESSONS
FROM DELLS OF
TRESTLE GLEN
small hotels of the kind I visited, who
might have gone for years without a ne-wr
bonnet, to judge by their appearance. But
they all had their maids. I found the
same thing true In France. Thin, sharp
faced, unmarried women, who had long
passed the age when they needed the pro
tection of a maid and who might be en
tirely without vanity or thought for their
personal appearance, to judge by * their
looks, had their maids. English women
who would . ask for the smallest and
cheapest room In the hotel and would
haggle with the proprietor over rates un
til he was almost ready to let them go
rather than take off n cent more, might
arrive with a very small allowance cf
luggage, but their maids were in charge
"No American woman who had to live
so economically as these women would
ever think of dragging a maid after her.
But It always seemed as if the maid were
a distinctly necessary part of the exist
ence of the women to whom I refer. Most
of them looked as If they had a hard time
In struKpIlng alons? themselves, but they
were determined to get the comfort that
came from having a maid to look after
them. Most women appreciate the luxury
that Is supplied by the services of a maid,
even if they would net consider that It
afforded sufficient compensation for the
economy necessary in other directions.
The foreigner has her maid, however,
even if she has to be parsimonious In
other matters."
One reason for the custom of employing
lady's maids In Europe, even when tha
mistress Is not rich, could probably ba
found In the greater cheapness of living
for servants abroad. In New York hotels
the mistress must pay nearly as much for
her maid's entertainment as for her own.
and, combined with the maid'3 wages, the
cost for keeping her can be borne only by
the wealthy, or at least by those who can,
indulge themselves in any luxury they de
sire. Lady's maid3 are so rare In th*
United States that no arrangements for
housing 1 them reasonably have ever been
made. The lady's maid Is probably em
ployed as frequently here as in Europe In
the families of well-to-do people. Prob
ably every New York family of a certain
Income employs one or more lady's maids,
in accordance with th<? number of daugh
ters there may be in the household. Under
such circumstances a lady's maid is Ies3
expensive than she is in a hotel. Mald3
who are not accomplished seamstresses
will find it difficult to get employment.
They are relied upon to do much of the
plain sewing: of the youns girls and usu
ally make their gowns when these are not
too elaborate. So they are not an extrav
agance. It is only to the woman who
boards that the lady's maid is a luxury la
this country.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The recently elect
ed officers of Oakland Lodge No. 123 of
the Fraternal Brotherhood were publicly
Installed last evening at Chapman's Hall.
Several hundred members of the order and
their friends were present. The Rev. Guy
W. Smith was the installing officer.
After music by the orchestra the follow,
ing officers were Installed with elaborate
ceremonies:
President, Philip M. Walsh; vice president.
Mrs. H. H. Hornlck; past president, H. A. Lut
trell: secretary. Robert B. S. York; chaplain,
Mrs. A. D. Dunham: mistress-at-arms, Mre.
Alice M. Merritt; sergeant, David P. Hooe;
O. D. K., E. D. Woodward; I. D. K.. Mrs.
Emma Woodruff.
The reception committee consisted of the
following named:
Mrs. Henry W. Adams, St. Clal^Hodjtkins,
Ed P. liasrgot, Mrs. Sadie E. CWrr, F. N.
Faulk, Abner L. Hunt, John Ferrin, Dr.
Jlyra \V. Knox, Emma C. Garrison, Mrs. Corn
A. Merritt. Max Marcuse. Mrs. Clarissa J.
Morris, Anna W« Trescott, John "W. McCly
monds. Dr. Richard Fricke, Ada B. Roeers,
Mrs. Edna Patton, John W. Stetson, Dr. Carrli?
B. Schofield, Mrs. Victoria F. Anthony, Mr.
and Mrs. A. S. Ormsby, Mr. and Mrs. C. X.
Poulson. The members of the floor commlttte
were: Harry W, Merritt, Dr. J. C Pease, J.
Patton. Dr. L. F. Herrick.
FRATERNAL BROTHERHOOD
INSTALLS OFFICERS
men of the profession are arrayed
against each other. I, of course, had no
conception of the nature of the case un
til I went to Oakland to hear the de
murrer. Up to that time I did not know,
nor had I ever seen, that I knew of, any
of the parties connected with the liti
gation on either side; and at this time,
the only parties connected with the
cause whom I know to call by name are
the attorneys. Even If I had known,
and did know, all the parties Interested
In this migration. I know myself well
enough to say that I could try the case
with absolute fairness according to the
evidence and the law as I understand H.
If I had the slightest suspicion that I
would permit anything which has thus
far occurred In this case to interfere
with that fair and impartial trial to
which all people are entitled under the
law, I should consider it my bounden
duty to not go farther with the case.
I realize the importance of the ques
tions involved, not only to the people of
Oakland but also to the plaintiff, and
the issues should and shall be deter
mined upon the merits of the case, let
the consequences be what they may.
Deeply deprecating any unpleasant
ness which may have come to you by •
reason of this unfortunate proceeding,
and with best wishes, I beg to subscribe
myself, yours truly,
K. C. HART.
The following letter was sent by Judge
Hurt to Judge Ogden to-day and given
out for publication:
BORRY HE WAS CALLED.
SACRAMENTO CITT,' July 4, 1900.
Hon. F. B. Ogden. Superior Judge.
Oakland, Cal. — l>ear Judge: Rome time
nfto. Immediately upon learning of the
petition to the Supreme Court for a
' writ of prohibition upon the part of
the defendants In the case of the Contra
Costa Water i Company vs. the City of
Oakland et al., to prevent me from fur
ther participating in the trial of said
case, 'I addressed to you a letter, which
was written under the Influence of the ¦
earnest importunities of my family, say
ing that I would. In all probability, retire
from the trial of said cause, even If the
Supreme Court sustained me. A day or
two later, upon consultation with a
number of my friends h<»re. I sent you a
t^lesrarr. recalling that letter nnd saying
that I would not rttire from the trial of
the case.
In tha outset, permit me to say that.
If I felt Justified in following my per-
Eonal wishes in the matter, I would have ¦
no hesitation, under the circumstances,
in refusing to go on with the trial of
the case; but last night I carefully read
the decision of the Supreme Court and
after further consultation with the most
reputable lawyers f this bar, as well
ns other prominent citizens whose JudK
ment I respect, I was forced to the con
clusion that I could not Fee my way
cl^Rr. honorably, to pursue any other
course than to remain as the trial
Judge In said cause. The Supreme Court
has said that I could not retire now ;
without embarrassment, except upon
consent of cour-sel on both sides. This
is concurred in by all my friends, be- ¦
cause by the lanpruape thus em- •
ployed by the Supreme Court It •
is undoubtedly meant that, as •
a Judicial ofneer, I owe a duty .
to the Judicial arm of the Government ;
and should fearlessly discharge it. This i
I am determined to do. Personally, I
wish from the bottom of my heart that I
had never been called Into the case, and
¦understand me that. In saying: this, I .
am suggesting or Insinuating no com- ¦
plaint aealn«t you for having called me •
In; but to permit myself to be driven
from Its trial now. under circumstances •
such as characterized the proceedings In- •
volved in the objections against me, .
would be cowardly, and a severe rertec- .
tion upen me personally and upon the ¦
entire Judicial system -of the State, fsh
DECLARES HE IS SINCERE. /,
While I deeply deprecate that the at- •
torneys for the defendants conceived It •
to be their duty to object to me In the •
manner in which they did. yet I desire >
to emphatically Impress upon the cltl- ,
zenB of Oakland that I am sincere when •
I say that I entertain and harbor no per- •
Bonal feellns .iRalnst them that will In .
the slightest degree preveny me from •
trying the case with perfec/t/Valrness and •
As to the Inspection of plaintiff's .
books concerninK which and my refusal .
to allow the same under a motion made .
some time ago much has been said. I ,
will say that I believed at the time the .
application was made that the defend- .
ants ought. In Justice, to have the privi- .
leee of so doing, but I only followed .
what I considered to be the plain rules <
of law ns t0 the sufficiency of the show- <
ing" required, in denying the motion. I .
granted the defendants I their request to <
renew the moticn, and I Intended and do >
Intend to make an order allowln? them <
to examine such books of plalntlfT as re- <
late to the merits of th«lr defense upon <
a proper showing.- and I believe such a ¦
shov'ng can be made. ' .,
I never at any time intended to force <
a trial until all parties were prepared <
and ready to go to trial. I have abso- <
lutely no ¦ feeling- in the case, one way .
or the other, and propose to demonstrate <
that I have the ability to rise above per- <
sonal feeling in the discharge of my Ju- <
dlcial duties. While I necessarily regret <
the unpleasant notoriety which the <
course taken by counsel : for defendant <
has given me, I shall assume that they .
did -no believe- it. to. be their duty,'- and <
I shall, therefore, dispel the unpleasant <
Incident and let It take its place among • <
the things that belong to the past. v ? /;,
CAME AS A SURPRISE. <
When I received the dispatch from you <
inviting me to sit in this ' case, : It was <
Indeed a great surprise to me. As I <
stated from the bench, I regarded It . as <
a compliment, and as an opportunity of <
meeting and : becoming -acquainted with |<
the members, of your bar. . I presume <
there is no Judge in this State, particu- u
larly a young man on the bench, but who <
has an ambition ,. to : meet the .eminent , <
and leading . lawyers of • the country and I <
to preside at trials In which the ablest <
Ogden Hears From Hart.
Tho affidavit of William D. English sets
forth that he was present at a meeting
of the City Council on March 15, at which
Councilman George R. Stetson stated that
he had not investigated the question of
water rates and knew nothing of such
matters. The Councilman Is said to have
declared that if -any wrong should be done
by the passage of the ordinance author
izing the reduction of 25 per cent, thd Fire
and Water Committee should be held re
sponsible, as he had not thoroughly ln
vcstlgcted the matter himself.
In defending the claim of the corpora
tion that the plant acquired from the
Oakland Water Compapy is essential to
a proper water supply for the city of Oak
land, Watkinson says that the wells at
Alavarado are now supplying 4,000,000 gal
lons of water daily. In addition to the
'artesian water, the company supplies
from its other sources 7,000.000 gallons
dally. AH of this water is necessary, ac
cording to the president, anel without the
Alvarado wells the corporation could not
properly supply its customers. W'atkin
son estimates that during the year the
artesian wells will be called upon for a
daily supply of 3,500,000 gallons.
The affiant further states that the Con
tra Costa Water Company now supplies
1200 consumers, whose average monthly
bills are $1 60 each. He alleges that If the
city should force the collection of the
bills at the rates fixed by the Council,
and It should later be held that the ordi
nance is invalid. It would be Impossible*
for the corporation to collect any sum in
excess of the amounts first secured.
New Wells Essential.
The affiant concludes by quoting from
an alleged statement made by Councilman
Louis Schaffer. which Is as follows:
"I wanted to see something from a
civil engineer before I voted. It may be
that the rates proposed to be established
in the ordinance of March 5, 1900, are all
right, but I saw nothing presented to the
City Council that' justified me in accept
ing them."
In behalf of the Contra Costa Water
Company, President Watkinson alleges
that the water rates fixed by the City
Council are more than 25 per cent lower
than the rates of July 1, 1899. Instead of
25 per cent he says there Is a reduction
of 35 per cent.
Wanted Expert Testimony.
"The only intelligent way for a City
Council to fix the water rates is for it
to employ competent engineers and have
a full Investigation of the water com
pany's plant made."
Councilman H. D. Rowe is said to have
expressed his ideas of the water-rate
question as follows:
"I consider that what was the property
of the Oakland Water Company or the
Dingee plant was properly excluded from
the City Council's estimate In fixing wa-
Councilman J. G. Lemmon, according to
President Watkinson, made the following
statement in regard to the establishment
of the water rates:
The following is alleged to be an extract
from a signed statement made Alarch 15
by Councilman Frank F. Mott:
"This question of fixing water rates is
a complicated matter. We really ought
tc have meter rates. We could then tell
the number of feet used and the charge
could be made accordingly. Citizens of
all portions of the city told me that the
water rate was too high and the cut of
25 per cent in the rate was made because
so great a sentiment demanded respect.
This reduction will give the people a very
low rate."
Councilman Anson Barstow is said to
have declared on March 16, a week before
the rates, were fixed, that the Council was
groping in the dark with regard to the
fixing of water rates, and that it was
impossible for that body to determine the
valuation of the water company's plant
during an investigation of a month's dura-
Groping in the Dark.
thrown out we saw our way clear to cut
the rates 25 yer cent.. Of course to fix
the water rates as they should be fixed
we should have heard from expert ac
countants and competent engineers."
The Oakland Union of Electrical Work
ers has only been organized a year. It
started with but seven members and now
includes nearly all of the electricians in
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. New
members arc being added at each meet
ing and care is taken that the men added
to the union are competent in their line.
The officers of Oakland Union are: Past
president, L. Lewis; president. Alexander
E. Ross; vice president, William Hender
fchott: corresponding secretary, H. Ken
ton; financial secretary, H. Bell; treas
urer, C. Henderson,.
Arrangements— A. E. Rcss. L. Lewis. B. C.
SIbley. D. Fish.
n^crpUoD— William Trebell. T. Itowley. C.
Anderson, D. Extrom? floor manag-er, • James
MrKeenan.
Floor— Charles Bell, C. Beerts. H. Itenton.
Games— Bert Brown. J. A. Thompson.
Judge from Oakland Union— W. Hemlershott.
Gatekeeper— W. Klllien.
OAKLAND, July €.— The Interna
tional Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers will give a picnic at Agri
cultural Park, San Jose, to-mor
row. San Francisco Union No. C and Oak
land L'nion No. €4 will unite for this ex
cursion and picnic and the continued
pleasant weather now prevailing makes
success certain. An excellent programme
cf games, races, dancing and amusements
of all kinds has been arranged, and the
excursion rate has been fixed at the very
moderate sum of $1 for the round trip.
A special train will connect with the 9:13
a. tn. boat from San Francisco, the 9:15
a. m. local train from Oakland and stop
ping at Park street, Alameda. Tickets
include admission to the grounds and gate
yrize checks.
The committees in charge are as fol
lows :
Attracted by the screams Terry, with
out divesting himself of even his coat,
plunged into the tank and swam to the
landing steps with the half drowned hoy.
It took i curly an nour to resuscitate hi-.ii.
and paid bo attention to his struggles in
the water until the boy to save himself
siezed a little girl named Rose Anderson
and caused her to scream.
OAKLAND, July 6.— Mrs. Mary Helen
Wentworth, wife of Ira Wentworth, wno
was a member of the last Grand Jury,
died yesterday at 1 cr home, 1622 Four
tee-nth street. Death came after a-long
illness. Mrs. Wentworth was a native of
Rochester. N. H.. ar.d aged 59 years. De
sides her husband, she leaves one daugh
ter, Mrs. Charles W. Stillwell. Oakland
Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star, will
conduct the . ..neral services, which will
be Held from the Masonic Temple Sunday
next at 12:30 o'clock.
DEATH OF MRS. WENTWORTH
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
•.'In fixing the water rates the Council
threw out and did not consider the plant
of the former Oakland Water Company
We simply Ignored the plant, and this en
abled us to make the 23 per cent cut. The
only way to get at the real facts Is to
have one or more competent engineers
to place an intelligent value on the plant
and then fix the rates on a basis given
by these figures."
Councilman Felton Taylor is quoted as
saying that expert accountants and ex
pert engineers should have been heard
from before the rates were fixed, as fol
io W!? : IMMIfMMf ill II \f f \mutbpir- , -
"I think that the ordinance will give
general satisfaction. With the : Dingee
plant ' or Oakland Water Company
The following is said to be a portion of
a signed statement by Councilman Edwin
Meose- .
Charged to Meese.
"With a municipal , r water supply the
rates would not be much lower than un
der the ordinance passed to print by the
City Council March 5, 1900, wherein we
made * horizontal cut of 25 per cent."
Councilman GIrard is quoted as follows
"This horizontal reduction will nut
about JS0.000 into the pockets of the peo
ple and take it out of the pockets of the
rich Contra CoBta v stockholders. The peo
ple of Oakland ought, to appreciate this
big cut. The Council showed itself to be
for the people and not for the Contra
Costa monopolists. In arriving at the
rresent water rates we left the plant of
the Dingee company, or the Oakland Wa
ter Company, entirely out of considera
tion." ¦
Stetson's Alleged Statement.
To prove that the plant and rights ac
quired from the Oakland Water Company,
better known as tha Dingee company, are
necessary for the supply of sufficient
water to the Contra Costa Company's
subscribers in this city, President Watkin
son presents a sworn statement snowing
that the wells at Alvarado, a portion of
the Oakland company's plant, are now
furnishing a large proportion of the water
consumed in Oakland. It is further set
forth by the head of the corporation that
a still greater dependence jyill be placed
upon the Alvarado wells during the com
ing year. President Watklnson then
auotes alleeed statements from all of the
City Councllmen which, ho claims, show
that undue haste was used in fixing the
rates. First he asserts that Councilman
George R. Stetson made the following
statement:
New Plant Necessary.
To substantiate its claims with relation
to the allegeel Illegal course pursued by
the City Council in establishing water
rates for the year, affidavits are presented
by J. H. T. AVatkinson, president of the
Contra Costa Water Company, and Wil
liam D. English, who is set forth as a tax
an<l water rate payer of the city of Oak
land. Both affidavits allege immature
action and illegal figuring by the members
of the Council, Each member of the City
Council is quoted at length in an effort
to show that snap judgment was taken on
the Question of water rates and that tho
city's legislators were unduly influenced
by the popular cry of exorbitant rates,
without a proper consideration of the cost
of the wa^or company's plant and tho le
gal interest allowed on the investment.
As further grounds for the motion the
water company's legal representatives re
cite that if the water rate ordinance Is
enforced It will work irreparable damage
to the corporation.
This injunction is asked upon the ground
that the ordinance is void, by reason of
the acts of the Council, thus enforcing a
ruling upon this point, which Is one of the
main points of their original action.
This motion for an injunction prevent
ing the city from putting the low rate or
dinance in force is at once an effort to
secure legal permission to collect water
rates of some kind without the penalty
provided by the constitution of forfeiture
of its franchise and plant/ and an effort
to try the legality of the low-water ' rate
ordinance upon the injunction proceed
ings. It is literally a trial of the case by
injunction.
The specific motion made by the Contra
Costa Water Company in the documents
filed to-day Is for an injunction to pre
vent the city of Oakland from compelling
the collection of bills for water at the
rates fixed by the ordinance adopted by
the City Council on March 24 last, and to
prevent the enforcement of this ordinance,
which went into effect on July 1.
A Corporation Trick.
At that time this paper showed how the
Contra Costa Water Company, under the
suit instituted by itself, would be unable
to collect any water rates at all, anel that
until a final decision was reached by the
Supreme Court all of the vast income of
the company would be tied up. It is ob
vious that no water company could afford
to have its income tied up for twelve
months, even though it knew that au the
end of that time it would receive every
cent that was elue. It wouK'Stake a vast
fortune to carry on a water company
for a year without any income whatever.
The company now finds itself in the posi
tion of being compelled to collect under
the new and low-rate ordinance, thus rec
ognizing that ordinance in law and in
fact, or not being able to collect any at
all under penalty of forfeiture of its fran
chise.
This motion of the Contra Costa Water
Company for an Injunction against the
city of Oakland is an effort to get Itself
out of the corner in whiSii It has been
forced over the collection of water rates
pending the settlement of this action.
This position was fully described in The
Call a few days ago.
Judge Hart also announces that he will
stick to the xUameda County bench and
will try this case in spite of fire, water
and the city of Oakland. He was writ
ten a letter to Superior Judge F. B. Ogden
to this effect, saying that he will be com
pelled to defend the honor of the bench
and remain to try the case. At the same
time he announces that he will hear the
motion of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany for a trial of this case by injunction
upon one day's notice.
It is fair to Judge Hart to say that he
does not specifically announce that he will
hear this particular motion on one day's
notice; but he says that he will consider
one day's notice sufficient upon which a
hearing for an injunction can be had. Al
most at the same moment, with a re
markable coincidence of time, the Contra
Costa Water Company files a motion for
an injunction.
Hart Determined to Stick.
But one conclusion can be drawn from
the notice sent by Judge Hart and the
motion for the injunction that is made by
the Contra Costa Water Company. It
means that the city of Oakland will have
to answer this very important motion
upon one day's notice, and that the city's
attorneys will be asked to prepare an an
swer upon a point that the attorneys for
the corporation have been studying for
months, with less than twenty-four hours'
notice. Every advantage was taken in
the filing of the papers. They were pre
sented to the County Clerk almost at the
last moment to-day, and Judge Hart gave
notice that he would be ready to near the
motion to-morrow morning."
City Attorney W. A. Dow Is out of
town on his vacation ar.d Robert Y.
Hayne. the special attorney of the city
of Oakland, will have to go over the
ground that has been studied by the cor
poration's attorneys for months in their
long preparation of their case, in the
brief period of one night.
GOOD cause being shown
therefor, it is hereby
ordered that plaintiff's time
for giving notice of motion
for an injunction in the above
entitled matter be and the
same is hereby shortened to
one day.
E. C. HART, Judjje.
Dated July 5, 1900.
OAKLAND, July 6.— The above re
markable notice from Judge E. C.
Hart, together with five extremely
long affidavits, were filed in the of
fice of the County Clerk of Alameda
County a few moments before that office
closed for business to-night. The afn
davits requested Judge Hart to grant the
Contra Costa Water Company an injunc
tion against the citj^ of Oakland and all
water-rate payers therein, restraining
them from paying water rates under the
water-rate ordinance that was adopted by
the City Council last March.
BUT FEW OF THE
ftUMEOft VOTERS
ARE REGISTERED
Ill Consequence They May
Have to Use the Old
Great Register.
Tangles Resulting From the Failure
of Citizens to Record Them
selves — The Precinct
Boundaries.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. July 6.
It was practically decided to-day that
the old great register would be used at
the corning Congressional primary elec
tion, if not at the county primary, which
•will come later. Registration has pro
ceeded so slowly that only a small per
centage of the voters of ;hc county are
on the new register, and to h»ld an elec
tion with the new register only would
enfranchise probably half of the voters
cf Alameda County.
The Board of Supervisors held a meet
ing to-day to <ii?cut-s registration and pre
cinct boundaries, and it was during this
discussion that the registration matter
came up in such forcible manner. J. P.
Cook. Chief Deputy County Clerk, ap
peared before the board to ask for more
help in getting out the register, and he
was questioned very closely by the Super
\isors.
"The old rogiFt*r of two years ago will
have to be> used at the coming primaries,"
i-aid Mr. Cook, '"with the new registra
tions as a supplement."
Then he add"d. in response to questions
by Supervisor Roeth: "Probably forty per
cent of the narm-s on the old register are
now illegal through removals."
The matter of additional help for the
preat register was referred to the District
Attorney, and h*> was requested to report
to the board on Monday.
The consolidation e»f boundaries of pre- ;
cincts for the approaching primaries also
occupied considerable time. In order to
pave money in election polling places and
i election officers; the full limit of consoli
dation will Le adopted, and three regular
election precincts will be rolled into one ¦
primary precinct. As the lines of the]
various Supervisorial. Assembly and j
Senatorial districts crofs each other at
unusur.I points ane! angles, this consolida
tion will be a complicated matter.
The board decided to settle everything
at its regular meeting on Monday. j
Georpo W. Langan of Livermore has
announced himself as a candidate for Su
pericr Judge.
The Young Men s Metcalf Club will be
organized at Fraternal Hall, on Washing
ton street, between Thirteenth and Four
teenth, to-morrow evening.
ENGAGEMENT OF MISS
CLAY IS ANNOUNCED
OAKLAND, July 6.— The engagement
of Miss Anr.le Clay to Harden
Lake Crawford of New York, was
announced this afternoon at a tea
given at -the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C.
C. Clay at Fruitvale. The announcement
was as much of a surprise as It was a
pleasure to the (Mends of the young- lady,
and following so closely upon the engage
ment of Miss Jean Hush, the friend and
near neighbor of Miss Clay, it was given
double interest.
Miss Annie Clay is a member of a very
musical as well as social Bet in Oakland.
She has been a resident of Oakland for a
number of years and during that time she
has made many friends. She has traveled
much, and is most accomplished.
Harden Lake Crawford is a young New
York broker with an enviable standing 'on
the street." He is a member of the firm
of Thompson, Tennejr & Crawford of Xew
York City, a firm of high standing and
great resource?. He | s a Southener and a
graduate of Princeton. No date for the
wedding has been set.
• • •
The marriage of Miss Eva Humbold
and Frank A. Jackson will take place
Tuesday, July 17. Mr. Jackson recently
returned from Manila on the transport
Sumner, where he has been since the
outbreak of the war.
• • •
Benjamin Perkins, until quite recently
assistant secretary of the Oakland Y.
M. C. A., has gone to Santa Barbara for
his vacation. On his return Mr. Perkins
will enter the firm of Coxhead & Cox
head, architects.
Mrs. Mason \V. Mather of Plumbago is
visiting her mother at L2H Kleventh street
in this city.
A. G. Stephens, a prominent capitalist
from Boston, Mas?., and Mrs. Stephens
are at the Metropole.
Mrs. Samuel Klmorc and daughter of
Astoria are visiting Mrs. Klmore's mother
and later will make their home for the
summer at the Metrcpole.
Frank McDonald, who was a prisoner
In the Philippines with Lieutenant Gil
more and Harry Huber. of Oakland is
visiting friends In this city.
William B. Sink Jr. and wife are at the
Metropole for the summer.
Dr. A. J. Russell, who has been in Sis
kiyou County looking after his mining In
terests, there, is in Oakland for a few
days.
Miss Clara .Field and Miss Ella McEl
roy have gone to the McElroy ranch in
Redwood Canyon, for a few weeks '
Mrs. E. L.. Warner and son have re
turned from Pacific Grove.
Mrs. Will Meek is visiting Mrs. Egbert
Stone at Ben Lomond. s««i.
Miss Jane Rawlings of Linda Vista will
be the guest of Miss Anne Apperson. Mrs.
Phebe Hearst's niece, at Pleasantoh. for
the next ten days.
Claude Sharon, eldest son of Mr and
Mrs. W. E. Sharon of Piedmont, will
leave on the steamer St. Paul next week
for Nome.
YOUNG LADY'S COOLNESS.
SAVES DAMAGE BY FIRE
L. \V. Weeks, who conducts a barber
fhop next to the Kowalsky store, threw
a lighted match among some paper and
went out. unconscious of the conflagra
tion that was breeding through his care
lessness. Miss Kowalfiky happened to he
passing the shop and saw the blaze the
paper was making. Without a moment's
hesitation *he ran into the shop, grabbed
up the burning material In a basket and
threw it into the street. She was highly
praised for the heroic act.
OAKLAND. July C— The coolness of a
young lady at a critical point saved a
number of frame buildings at the corner
of Twt-my-fSllh street ana Telegraph ave
nue from destruction t;y fire this after
noon. It was Miss Edna Kowalsky, the
la-y<?ar-old daughter or IT. ii. Kowalsky.
who proved to be the heroine in the face
of danger.
ALAMEDA. July 6.— But for the pres
ence of mind of Bradford Terry. Clyde
Clark. 7 years old. would have drowned
yesterday afternoon in the deep-water
tank at the Green Arbor ftaths at the
"West End. The boy had gone to the bot
tom for the third time when hauled to
f.afety by Terry, who is a youth of 18
years.
The Clark boy iiad pone to the . aths
with an older sister, but esc a P' n S her
v*Kll« k*. jumped Into the d**»p tank
The bystanders thcught he could swlnj
CHILD SAVED FROM
DROWNING BY A BOY
LIEUTENANT DE WAITE TO
BE MILITARY INSTRUCTOR
The university cadets have been with
out a military instructor since the out
break of the Spanish-American war, when
Lieutenant S. V. Colman. now major,
serving in the Philippine Islands, was as
signed to the Fifth Army Corps as com
missary officer. Professor Frank Soule
has since been acting * in that capacity
besides, his work In the engineering de
partment of the university.
BERKELEY, July 6.— Lieutenant W. H.
de Waite. who graduated from West
Point in 1S79. has been appointed military
instructor of the cadet corps of the Uni
versity of California. He served with the
Second Infantry and Fourth Cavalry and
Is well known here, havinp been stationed
at the Presidio lor eorae time. He was re
tired in 1SSS.
Corporation Makes a Move to Prevent Enforcement
of New Water Rates, and Judge Hart Gives Muni
cipality One Day to Meet Combine's Attack.
CONTRA COSTA COMPANY
SEEKS TO ENJOIN CITY
ELECTRICAL WORKERS
WILL GIVE A PICNIC
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
MOTHER OFFICIATES
AT SON'S WEDDING
11
FOUB FEOMZNENT MEMBERS OF THE ORDER.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FnAA
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY
HOME FOR ALL.
Row any man may quickly cur* hlmsMf after
years of suffering: from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele. etc.". and en-
large ¦mall weak organs to full slza aad vigor.
. I* W. KNAFP. 1I.ZX
Simply send your name and address to Dr. X*
W. Knapp. 1SS3 Hull bldg.. Detroit. Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may aaally cur*
himself at borne. This la certainly a most gen-
erous offer and the following extracts taken
from bis dally mall show what men Utlnk of
his ceneroslty:
"Dear Sir: — Pleas* accept my sincere thanks
for jrours of recent date. I have given yonr
treatment * thorough test and th» benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. 1 am just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir:— Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Str«ngta
and vicar have completely returned and en-
largement la entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir: — Yours was received and 1 had no
trouble In making- U9« of the receipt a* directed
and can truthfully say it Is a boon to wea*
men. I am greatly Improved In size, strength
and vtzor."
All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed tn Dlaln scaled enreloD*. The recelot t*
f rea for '.he asking; and h« wants every man to
bava it.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SAT UKDA_T, J l/LY .7, 1900.
12
SAN* FIIANCISCO CALL.
BUSEC_SS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call. -corner of Market and Third streets, open
until J2 o'clock pvery night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
S'TO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C£9 McAllister street; open until S:S0 p. m.
€15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street; ojwn until 10 p. m.
_•€! Mission ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until S i>. m.
IOC Eleventh Ftreet; op»n until 9 p. m.
If 36 Valencia rtrwt; open until 9 p. m.
Northwept earner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky stri^tg: fi>on until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lodce N<\ 13«>. F. and A. ML, o
_1 EUdy St.. m«ets THIS EVENING. >4 #V_
7:30 o'cl»ok. Third degree. /5_#V
GEORGE PKNLINGTON. Sec. /^r >
MISSION l^idge No. 169. F. end A. M.— ¦
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _#i_
EVENING at ":3'l oVIock. First de- j_ JZ
pree. GEO. P. FLACK. Bee. P. T. /~T >
TO the officers and members of Yerba v< <^T}>
Buena LoOr:? JCo. 14. A. O. U. W.: Youj/£%_
" are hereby notirW to attend the' fu-VjAE?
n*>ral of "ur late brother. flKORCB '-S*
DICKSON. from tbe undertaking parlors of
CraiC ft <",>ohran. 22 Mint ave.. at 2 o'clock
p. m. BUyPAY. July S.
ANNUAL mooting— Tbe regular annual meet-
in«r of the rtirkholdens of The San Fn Lncitco
nrA Pan Jr>aiuin Valley Railway Company
will be held nt the office of the company. No.
521 Market r-t.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the I7th day of July. 1900. at the
hour of U o'cJork forenoon, for the purpose
of electing; a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuinK year, ond the transaction of such
other busiress as may come before the meet-
lrg. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
SOLICITOR wantM at JALI'NSTEIN & PLA-
TO Printing Company, S10 Hayes Et.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. Sadie Punn. scientific astrologlFt. strictly
r*:2iatle on all matters pertaining to life and
bu Fin <><=?: hnropoopp readings, tl. 2710 Sutter.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market et..
room C27: estates, damages, attachments,
bar.kruptcy, collections; »all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE »ro<»; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without fucceF*; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. ESS Market, cor. Stockton.
X&VICK free: no charge unless successful. W.
\V DAVIDSON. 927 Market gt.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bldfc.. 227 Mar-
ket Ft.: confutation free: r.o fees In advance.
1
AtTOnOltlLES. j
A I : T> tMCBI LKS-Fred WARD _ SON.
A cms. 46 Fremor.t Et.
PATniCABDtETS.
ROBINSON 13. 4-paneI folding: door opens; firm
ar.d Fafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN' HAKES. I
BELGIAN hares: the right kind; Imported and
domestic: strictly pure: pedigree guaranteed;
j.ric<?s reasonable: wr.te for free illustrated ;
catalogue. 1'etaluma Incubator Co.. Petalums, 1
BELGIAN HAKES'.:
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
price*. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE j
ASSOCIATION. Alameda. Ca.1.
CHOICE PHDIGRKED BELGIAN HARES;
chtap. lOCS^i Sutter et.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..6C9 Gol- I
<3en Gate ave.. S.F.. Sl*J rabbits for sale cheap, j
HIGH Fcciing. pedigreed 6tock. reasonable.
Hoyal Rabbitry. Golden Gate ave.. S. F.
BOOKS" — SflBW AND OLD.
BCHOOL COOKS bought and exchanged.
H y.rrp* Tir-ok Co.. 7"4 Mission ft., near Third.
BUSINESS CK.VXCES.
A— SS.V-; KLEGANTLY fitted saloon; established
years; in large private hotel; rent H'j; location ;
2 blocks from Market tt- 1_ G. WILKE. j
Keurry rt. j
¦ !
A— $&•; COFFEE taloon close to Chronicle i
building; a good business: investigate at
. nee. Call H. G. WILKE. I'G 1 * Kearny St.
A — iSOC; COKNEK grocery and bar on Brannan |
Bt,; rent J^.'; living rooms; a good paying !
business. Ca.ll R. G. WILKE, K_ Kearny et. |
A— tZM: PARTNER wanted in coffee saloon
and chop bouse; close to Slarket St.; a eplen-
did offer for the right man. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26Vs Kearny et.
A — $4l'O: CANDY store and factory; close to
Powell and Market tts. ; rent $44); good pay-
ins business; fickness cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. ICH Kearny et.
A-4i0W; COKNEK grocery and bar; established i
y*-ars and known as a money making place;
best location; close to Chronicle building. See
K. G. V.ILKE, i>3S Kearny M.
A— tlSOO; CORNER; wine and liquor store; only
one block frcm Market; rent $i0; horse.
wagon and a large stock; splendid paying
bufcinets: disagreement of partners cause of j
eale. See It. G. WILKE, 16H Kearny at.
A— (2000; L'EST paying corner grocery and bar
en Hayes st. : no rent to pay; a splendid
chance. See R. G. V.'ILKL. g|j Kearny et.
A— !Z'XX) SSOOO $3000 I
PASTXER WANTED !
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor; j
must have partr.er; too much business for i
proprietor to handle alone; bert possible lo- j
cRtior. across the hay: near railroad <JetK>t: I
fall first-class custom; i>oBltive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a mo. ; books
open for Inspection: investigation solicited.
STENBERG CO.. S35 Market rt.
PCft-SALOON"; north of Market St.; best loca-
tion; lull value in Fight: soi'l only on pecount
of oil ace. Apply McLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
~T-i Market st.
FOR sale — Cheap: complete outfit of grocery
sn<1 barroom : vl'Te to let: cheap rent; lease;
1.<-ft corner ir. Mission. Northeast corner of
Dolorea and Valley Ms.
DARBER Fhnp for Pale; 4 chairs: doing good
I ,usin<"<=f>; poor health reason for selling. 761 j
Howard st.
TO let— ISarlw shop; 2 chairs; rent cheap.
S46 1 ,* {Seventh «"t. '
CIGAR stand for rent chtap. Oppoplte rail
road <3ej«ot. Third and Townsend &ts.
HOME l-skery for hale immediately on account '¦
of Firkness: $75. Box B. 300 Hayes st,
FOIl Sale — First-rlass restaurant. Address P !
UM11EB8, ITCSi-j Mission st. ; no agents.
UAKERY. cigars, laundry and notions; present !
owner there 6 years. V)7 Third gt.
A BBRTACHAKT for sale; also living rooms. |
12C fecond et. :
CIGAR cartel for rent cheap. Opposite rail-
read depot. Third ond Townsend pts.
FOR fale-A Ftrictly good buslnets; restaurant;
100 chair* and ft-eding 100 people: bakery us-
ir.K 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lcdging-hou^e, 24 rooms, newly furnished;
f.nett Opportunity to make money. Inquire
American LSakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
feld. CpI
FOR Kale — UliiokFroith ehop in prosperous town;
doing znoil tiusiness; no opposition; best of
reasons fcr wiling. Address F. _., P. O. box
CC7. BttnSK&ta.
TO ~*nt— For ooal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine,
location; jjiace Is entirely covered: contain* 3
s=*allt.; rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKfON & CO., C14 Call bid*.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
diring-room. kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
will rent. s*ll or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON _ CARIt. Monterey. Cal.
CAN1A' store for sale; goofl stock and fixtures;
k,w rent: no agents. 133 Hayes fC
X^O?*;*T miss th** triixxjs and Ian.; « at th*» i
BACKUS HTUDIO. 11 Geary: other bargains! j
C'iFFEK ar.d tea routes fuppllfd from GEO. '
W. CACTTE-L & CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22.30 Fillmore «t.
A B8AS6CH of lice for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 10% Va-
l»»n<-i» st.
I.OI>GI\G-HOl<inS FOU~SALEU
tSOO-LODGING-HOrsr:; MrTo^nJsT^harf^ood
furniture; clears ST." per month: «old at sacri-
fice thlE week. 2£cLa.U£hlin _ Co.. 77714 Mkt.
Jl-^-KNAP; C2 rooms ;~an~rented; fineToca^
tion; near Market ft. DASILE. 3 Eddy st.
CAIII'KT D— ATXXG AUTO CLKAMNG.
Y.HKX you become disgusted with poor work
twrid to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
jftK Works, Sa-ZST Tehama St.; tel. 8. 41
SANITARY Carpet Cleanicc and Dyeing Co..
ZiZ-ZU McAllister et. ; phone South 148.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpct-Beatinff end Ueno-
VhUrjj Co.. UP 14th ft.; tel. Mission 74.
CJTT Steam Carpot-Reating Works, O. H.
STEVKNS. nifc-r .. SS-40 Mh e_; tel. South 259.
j. aio<3UErN"S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
<:.; Stevenson Bt.. tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPET, .leaned at 3e~r>er yard, laid at 4c
_ STRATTOX'B. » Kighth at.; tel. Je»*le 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Clearing Co.. 402 Sutter e_-
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONICLIVS Carr*t-Beatlnt Works. 333 Golden
Gfitc _vc; telephone _aat 126.
A^IPAIGX JPMOTO BUTT J2£5^
MFT. of all kind** of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 833 Market Et.. S. F.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harnes*
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission et
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
COLLECTION" OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less euccessfuLRoom3K_92J_M__k_t______
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corporated.; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms and bath. 3S35 Twenty-
flfth St.; rent $3.
TURK, 1705, near Bcott— $S; cottage. 4 rooms
and yard.
____________
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 808 Mls-
eicn St.; readings dally. 25c, 5«c and $1; circles
Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and Sunday
evening, 10c.
PROF. GEE medium: readings, 50o and $1: clr.
every night. 25c. 1206 Market, cor. G. G. ave.
WTLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis., 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays included.^
MRS KOTTER, spiritual medium; sittings; G. I
1. L. 50c; dr. Mo.. Wed., Frl.. 10c. 34 Sixth. ;
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily: cir. 1
Tues., Frl., 2. S p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
THIS week only— Full sittings 2:, c . WATSON,
medium, palmist. 1DS1 Market st.. near 12th.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
~ CLAIItVOYAXTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-Known trance me-
dium, permanently located at 205 Turk St.,
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for circular with
tpecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
et., near Jones. t-^ '¦"•
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundavs. 11«7 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
- . ' ¦ —
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease —ith life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm. & clair.; sit. $150. 126 Turk st.
MIS? MELVILLE, gr "eat clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 921'-£ Mission, op. Mint.
YOUNG clairvoyant, card reader: Thursday,
Friday, Saturday only. 2S6 Natoma, nr. 4th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA.the gypsy, is the gre"at palmist
and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. RUTH, great prophetic card reader, 50c.
70S Ellis st.. near Larkin.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader: palmis-
try; truth cr no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
eittins? daily. 212H Sixth et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Et.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: Se; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg. , you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
tice hours 9 a. m. to 13 p. m. ; Sundavs, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate*, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling? by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. _> O'Farrel! st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh !
— No charge for extracting when plates are J
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 225 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full ?et of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VKOOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1541 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 7F.c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR.CREELY'S CP.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTItKSSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market Bt.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter St., dressmaking
echool: any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor&Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, and accredited prepartory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL Ftudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
AYRES'. the leading busineos college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship. $S0; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & e.ve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN' DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
OTarrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free. ¦
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand: bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine Bt,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing:,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay 86.
O R I'll BUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese htlp. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. bOfi'4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlee^ —
Best help. 41Hi OT"arre!l St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER would like a few mor<T~2n^
eragements by the day; a. perfect fit guaran-
teed; tailor suits a specialty. Apply 52S Ala-
bama st.
SITUATION in private family; first-class New
York cook; town or country; good references;
wares J40. Box 3i«7. Call.
A PROTESTANT woman; first-class American
cook; clean and careful housekeeper; small
family, small wages. 770 Hnrrison st.
RELIABLE woman. German, desires household
work by the day or week; cooking, - ironing,
mending. Apply 1C2 'Jessie st., near Third.
EXPERT darner and mender. Box 356S. Call.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing- to do at home.
821 Mission St.. room L
YOUNG woman wishes position as second girl
In American family. e50 Willow ave.
YOUNG Finnish girl wishes position as clerk In
store; 2 years' experience. 650 Willow ave.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. 114 Fourth gt.
YOUXG woman wishes work by the day. 186
Hayes et.
A SWEDISH girl wants situation as flrst-clasg
cook; city or country; reference. MRS. NOR-
TON. 212 gutter st. ¦
WANTED— By a woman; housecleanlnK or
washing; Tl and carfare. Address SSS Mission.
SITUATION wanted by a competent cook at
cooking anl general housework. Call at 3760
Diamond st.. near Moss ave.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2io to $1 50 night; ?1 50 to 15
vreek; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED ad%-ertiBements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b?en established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED — MALE.
PAINTER, paperhanger, gralner and tlnter
wants employment: is a first-class up-to-date
mechanic; best city references; if you need
any work In my line you will save money by
addressing Painter, box 8561, Call office.
EXPERIENCED packer and marker (married)
desires position in notion, glassware or pic-
ture house; sober and strong; also speaks
German; Al city references. Box 356S, Call.
YOUNG attorney, leaving the profession, will
accept responsible pcattion; real estate or
mercantile prt 'erred; will invest. Address-
box 3564. Call office.
POSITION as cook,, either In private family or
Institution where neither lard nor pork In any
form is used. Address G. E. W., 308 Sutter
St.. room 44.
YOUNG married man wants work; has lost use
of left hand; speaks four languages; strong
and willing and needs work. Box 3566, Call.
POSITION wanted by an electrician, gaafltter,
fixture hanger; have a full kit of tools re-
quired. Address box 3562, Call ofHce.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country; colored man. Box 36W. Call office.
RELIABLE man, handy with tools, wishes
work in an electric or machine shop or work
of any kind; references. Box 3579, Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery salesman, with ref-
erences, wishes situation; city or country.
Box 35&O, Call office.
AN experienced wheelwright wishes a situa-
tion. D. BOULET, cor. Broadway and Mont-
gomery, Golden Eagle Hotel."
DENTIST; young man, 26, 3 years' experience,
seeks steady situation In dental office. Ad-
dress box 3573, Call office. "
WANTED — By re'iable man: to work for doc-
tor or business man; take care of horses,
drive and other work. F. F., box 3572, Call.
SITUATION wanted by engineer and elec-
trician; competent in setting up or running
steam engine or dynamos; country preferred-
Box 35S3. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as drummer or collector;
well acquainted In city; good references. Box
35SG, Call office.
TWO first-class painters and paperhangers (
want work In' hotels or for property owners
by day or month. Address box 3585. Call.
A YOUNG man ot refined appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15: reference. Address Box 11, San Mateo, Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE for bicycle or cash, good sewing
machine, with or without power. Box 3581,
Call office.
expert opticians:
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market (near 7th)— Examinations free:
German eye water by mall. 50c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Mananse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— UPPER flat. 4 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent JU. 114 San Jose ave., bet. 23d and 24th.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay-windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417V6 Third.
FOURTEENTH, 738, near Market— A handsome
lower flat of 6 rooms and bathroom, base-
ment and garden.
GROVE, 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
pant sunny top flat. 6 rooms and bath.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN& HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
HYDE. 731. near Sutter— A new top flat; sun
all day; electricity and all modern Improve-
ments. Inquire EASTON & ELDRIDGE, 633
Market st.
LOVELY sunny 5-room fiat: rent $20. 218V4 Elm
ave., near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
MINNA, 727, near Ninth— $7; S rooms; large
yard.
MISSION, 2943—6 rooms and bath; stable if de-
sired.
NINETEENTH, 3980, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars — Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $1S; water free.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
$12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 171SA
Leavenworth st t
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSE for eale of 7 rooms; nicely furnished;
reasonable.. 1150 Mission 6t.
FUUKITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, n7~MIs7lon St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
fumlturp. carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, summer resort, $25, near city,
call early; 2 waitresses, Institution, $25 and
found; 2 waitresses, city, $20; waitresses for
Marysville, Visalla, Vallejo, Fresno, San Ma-
teo; chambermaid to wait. Pacific Grove, J20,
free fare; 2 chambermaids, same resort, $20;
3 fancy ironers, city and country, $30 and
found 1
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Invalid's nurse, $25. good home; second girl,
Ross Valley, $23; houseglrl. Grass Valley, $25
and fare; 2 friends to go together, $25 each;
15 houseglrls across the bay and country, $25;
houseglrls, city. $15 and $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian woman for washing
by the day; $1 and car fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waitress. $23. and waitress, $20, same
springs. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Girl for companion to Invalid, $25:
2 girls for general housework, country, $30;
starch Ironer, country, $30; cook, small re-
sort, $30; cook and dishwasher, small country
hotel, $60; man and wife as cook and helper,
small country hotel, $60; 6 waitresses, private
boarding-houses, city, $20; 4 waitresses and
chambermaids, city and country, $20 and $25;
Protestant second girl, country. $23; 50 girls
for general housework, city and country, $20,
$25 and $30; laundress, $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
A CHAMBERMAID and laundress, private
family. $25; German cook, city, $30; cook,
American family, $25; boarding-house cook,
city, ?1 per day; second eook, hotel, San Jose,
$30; working housekeeper, country, $20, one
v.-ho speaks French; nurseglrl, 2 children, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — Young girl to make beds in insti-
tution, city, $15 and found. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 3 experienced lady canners to act
as forewomen: must have experience; refer-
ences required; good salary; all letters win
receive fair and Impartial consideration. Ap-
ply box 3558. Call>
WOMEN and srirls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work and highest wages. Apply
Callfornian Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan at.,
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— 12 ladies to travel; salary $78 & ex-
penses; absolutely no canvassing; permanent
position; references; inclose self-addressed
stamped envelope. Colonial Co., 330 Dearborn
St.. Chicaeo.
WANTED— An experienced capable Protestant
second grirl. In small family near the city;
wages $25; must have references. Address
A. E., PostofHce box 33, Ross, Marin County.
WANTED— Lady stenographer; must wrlfc good
hand; wages ?20 a month. Address D. A. W
box 3563, Call office. :
A YOUNG girl to assist In general housework;
private family. 828 Turk et.
RELIABLE nurseglrl for child one -year old
Address L. M., box 25C9, Call office.
GIRL for dininsr room work wanted at* 9"
Battery st.
WANTED— Woman to wash napkins and help
In dishwashing lunch. 307 California st.
NEAT, respectable girl for light housework:
call to-day. S12 Ellis st.
WANTED— Young woman for light housework;
2 children; good home; $12. 18Sft Mission st.
WANTED- Girl for . shooting gallery. Call j 11
m.. 424 Dupont st.
GIRLS wanted to -rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS &:CO.' factory, 32>_ Fremont st.;
m> experience necessary; good wages. Apuly
to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on Bhirts and overalls; Inex-
perienced Instructed., HEYNEMANN- & CO
410 Mission. , , .
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators.
Apply J. J. PFISTER Knitting Co.. 412 Polk.
GIRL for housework and cooking, in small
family. 822 Ellis st.
SEWERS, experienced or Inexperienced, for
light . work. Ideal Mfg. Co.. 23 Stevenson at.
HELP WAItTED— FEMALE.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, Cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— German woman, good plain cook,
for a lunch house. 7 Hardie place, off Kear-
riy. bet. Sutter and Bush st. - -
WANTED — A young respectable woman to
* make herself generally useful. Address box
3584, Call office.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience.' salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H., box 1824, Call office.
WANTED— A Protestant woman for house-
work. Apply at 679 Harrison st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY MAIN B84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
•• WE HHIP FREE
<263 men for all parts of California. Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon, Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day,
9 a. m. and 5:30 u. m. for S. P. R. R. labor-
ers and. teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
•• ...COME ONE— COME ALL
• FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division free
Wadsworth (Nev.) division free
Sacramento (Cal.) division free:
\\ estern, Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld di-
visions free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
muir free
laborers, teamsters, etc. regular wages paid,
office fee $1 free fare
FREE FARE CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammermen $75
150 laborers, inside work, free fare... $60
25 hard-rock miners $73
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseahoers, wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers, $3,, $2 50, $2 day; $55, $60, $50,
$45, $40, $30 and found; come, see :..
5 coopers 5 brick molders
5 cabinet makers. spool tender
engineer, also a fireman
coremaker and 53 other mechanics, wages
run from ?4, $3 50, $3, $2 50 $2 a day and fd.
MURRAY & READY) 634-636 Clay St.
A— STABLES, FACTORIES, FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ne»s cleaners, etc.. city and country, $50, $40,
$35, 120 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
$1 75 day
126 men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL
886 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia. $2 50, $2 25. $2, $1 75 day ; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS, ORCHARDS DAIRIES. HAY
....PRESSES. VINEYARDS, HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS
326 farm hands $35. $30, $26 and found
125 haying hands $1 25 to $1 50 day and fd
36 harvest hands, $1 50 to $2 a day and found
66 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers, $40, $35, $30 and found; come, see
36 chore men and boys, $30. J26, $25, $20, $15
and found
6 sheep herders, fare $1 50 $25 and found
superintendent for large orchard and vineyard.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— TO MINES GOLD MINES MINES
MINES SILVER MINES MINES
MINES OTHER MINES MINES
53 miners, single hand, different jobs $75
6 machine miners, gold mine ?90
32 miners, single hand, excellent Job
$60 and found
62 laborers for a large mine, $40 to $S0 per
month, including board and lodgings; if you
give satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
at $60 per month with board and lodgings;
special, good, steady jobs; remember all the
aboVe laborers for all mines need "no experi-
ence"
1S5 laborers, different mines, $50, $4S, $42, $40,
?35 and found, fares from $1 50. COME, SEE..
CROWDS HURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634-636 Clay St.
A COME DOWN and get our list, containing
7236 different jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A-BAKERS.. BUTCHERS.. LAUNDRY HELP
18 bakers, first, second and third hands, $55,
$50. $45, $40, $35 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand, $50; second hand, $10
and found, same country job, boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work in bakeries, $20,
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses,
etc., $40, $35, $30 and found; COME SEE
15 laundry men, ¦ washers, markers, starchere,
polishers, lroners, etc., $35, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL.... CANDY and OTHER DEPT'S
53 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc., $65, $60, $55, $50, $45. $40, $35. $30, $25
and found; 32 waiters, COME SEE, $35, $30.
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps,
S30 and found. YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country
$30, $25, $20 and found
9 porters and bell and elevator boys
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw-
mill company
man to help In bakery of a mine.. $30 and fd
lunch counter man $35 and found
candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mines, restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories, hay
presses, resorts, institutions, etc. MURRAY
_ READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTER3
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS, TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER, and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 638 Clay st.
AGAIN WE 1 PAY YOUR FARE
to 25 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
663 men for different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to |40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we. want help of every description for
eawmills. woods, etc., $S0, $75. $90, $120, $60,
$f-0, ?40. $30 and found: F.84 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, come at mines.
$3. $2 50, $2. $1 50, $1 and 75c cord; ehlngla
joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
A — ENGINEER for mine, $90, boss here; fore-
man for woods, also foreman for sawmill,
also 20 woodsmen, all for Oregon; sailor to
splice ropes, $60, city factory; carpenters for
ranches; blacksmith for a foundry, $3 day; 6
iron molders, $3 day; blacksmith helper, $40
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
A FOR SAME BLACKSMITH SHOP
Woodworker. $2 60 to $3 day; blacksmith. $2 50
to $3 day, fare 50c. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEER for mine, $3 day; 3 Burlelgh drill
miners, $3: 3 single hand miners, ?2 50 day; 2
car • men for mine. $2 25 day: laborers for
brick yards, mines, railroad work,
mills and -woods, $26 and ?30 and
$2 day; woodsmen of all kinds, $30 to $50; 3
teamsters for lumber company, $2 30 a day:
drillers for R. R. work. $35 and board; 3
blacksmiths, J2 50 and board and $3 50 day;
blacksmith's helper; ten farmers for steady
work. $26 and $30; choreboys, ?10 and $15; man
about place, $25, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
2 MEN and wives, private families, $50; 3 hotel
cooks and wives, $50, $60 and $65; cook for
resort, $35; restaurant cooks, $10 and $12;
. bakers' helpers, $30 and $40; 3 waiters, coun-
try hotels, $25 'and $30; dishwashers, vege-
tablemen and others. J. K. CROSETT
Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .104 GEARY ST.
1CC0 men for railroad work: new work In Ne-
vada; tunnel men for Los Angeles Co.; tenm-
Bters for Bakersfield ; laborers and teamsters I
for Coast Road; laborers for S. P. Co.'s own
work; laborers for the different divisions....
..$2 a day and up
Ship Dally .......Fee $1 ..Free Fare
Sawmill men. blacksmiths, mlnera, machine
men, stablemen, farmers, choremen and oth-
ers.
Cooks, bakers, dlsh'.vashers, kitchen men,
waiters, porters, laundrymen and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ......104 Geary st.
ERRAND boy who knows city for this office....
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
A FIRST-CLASS butler; city; $35 to $40. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt. . - .
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers wanted. Apply
C Ninth st. .
GOOD paper-hanger; call early.' 307 Montgom-
ery ave.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
704 Brannan st. • :
WANTED — A marker at United States Laun-
dry, Sixteenth. at.,' near Valencia. .
BOY In tinshop; age 1«. Apply 7 to 10 o'clock,
533 Mission st.
A .WAITER wanted at 922 Battery st.
WANTED— dishwasher. 125 Seventh st
WANTED — A stood cook at 207 Third St.
WANTED— Strong boy to carry papers. Ad-
dress box 25C0, Call.
WANTED— A dishwasher. . Hotel Repelier. 781
Sutter' st. ¦ - .-..-. , • -
DISHWASHER at 1201 Fillmore St.. corner
.Turk.
STEWARD and second waiter wanted at Ahl-
; born House, 319 Grant ave. •.. ; •
HELP .WANTED — MALE.
wX7?T3nirT!?!TTTrTrrrTr7r?^^
Young man, single, to drive delivery wagon
in city; references required: $30 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. -
WANTED— 2 laborers around furnace In mine,
no experience required. J2 a day; 2 laborers
around mine, Jl 75 a day; 60 men for woods
and mill at going wages, see party here;
blacksmith for ranch, 140; porter and do
chores for resort, $25; bath porter for springs,
steady, $20; 5 farm laborers for ranch at
Palo Alto, steady job, $20; dishwasher for
springs, steady. $25; 2 men to haul grain, $2
V. D. EWER. & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than G feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Kills st., San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K
St., Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J st., Frenno.Cal.
MAN of good character to deliver & collect for
old, established manufacturing house; $900 a
year & expenses guaranteed; Inclose refer-
ences & pelf-addressed stamped envelope. Ad-
dress Manufacturer, 3d floor, 323 Dearborn
St.. Chicago. '
YOUNG man wanted for the butcher business
with some experience. Call at 3033 Sacra-
mento st. -
BARBER wanted for Saturday. • 257 Third
street. •
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 797 Mission st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 626 Fourth
street.^
BARBER wanted for Saturday; $3 50; must be
good. At 527 Broadway.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
715 Davis st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 131 Va-
lencia «t.'
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday;
?3 50. 1304K, Valencia St. '.
WANTED— Flrst-cla se barber for Saturday and
Sunday; $5. 442 Geary st.
BARBER wants steady extra Job. Address
box 3576. Call.
BARBERS— 3-chalr 15c barber shop at your own
price; make an offer; must sell: cause, s>lck-
nes*. G. S. P.. 133 Autumn st.. San Jose. Cal.
BARBERS— $150; two-chair shop doing gt>od
business; cigar stand; laundry office; 2 liv-
ing rooms; $13 rent; see it. 1405 Devlsadero.
BARBER shop; In country town; furnished or
unfurn.: fair trade. H. BERNARD. 104 7th
"WANTED— A good dinner waiter at 304 Mason
St.; wages $3 50 week.
WANTED— A man or boy to run elevator. 23
Stockton st.
DISHWASHER wanted. New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
HOME for man; small pay, board, lodging. 39
Hannah St., Oakland. Watt3 Tract.
WANTED— An elderly party to cook. 323 Main |
street. _^_____
WANTED— An oyster and lunch man"- at 19
Powell Bt. ____^
JEWELERS— 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
WAXTED-A baker, third hand, on bread; $30.
board and lodging. 2S0S Twenty-fourth st.
WiVNTED— Energetic young man. Box 25SS.
Call office.
WANTED — Third-hand cook in small restau-
rant; day watch. Ill Larkln st.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at E27 14th St., near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber^College. 741A Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
00c. E62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD grinder and saw flier at 1232 Mission st.
J. MIGNOLA.
WANTED — Young grocery clerk. Apply 1712
Eddy st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
HOUSES. LIVE STUCK, Etc— For Sale
A T CARLOAD of well-broke^ draft and drivinsr
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 rounds: the horses can be seen now at
the Stanlford Stables, 308-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A NEW lot; 25 driving and work horses from
Haggln's ranch; matched pair pacers. Sales-
yard 1732 Mkt., CHASE & MENDENHALL.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S, 2170 Market St.; Castro
st. cars pasB the door.
AUCTION sale horses every Monday. 11 o'clock.
SWITZER'S. Twelfth and Harrison stB.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st., nr. Third.
FOR SALE — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
¦ ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
HOUSES TO LKT.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CQ.. 14 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house. 4 rooms; 212 Perry St..
near Fourth; rent $10; water free. Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, basement and yard; bath;
in Rood order. 1205 Golden Gate avenue.
HOUSE of 4 rooms; rent $S; water free. 720
Willow ave. Apply 626 Eddy st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pace", in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — July 3; tan-colored "grip" with name
C. S. MIDDLF.TON, stamped on side. Suitable
reward paid upon its delivery at 1024 Green st.
LOST— On San Bruno road, last Tuesday, large
Dane dog; white collar; ears cut. Finder re-
turn 316 Broadway and receive reward.
LOST— July 4, lady's diamond ring. A liberal
reward will be paid If returned to 1123 Pierce.
FOUND— Pocket-book with $30 41 on Haight-st.
car No. 15S. at 10 a. m. P. M. ALMQUIST.
9S3 Folsom st.
LOST— On the 4th of July, a brown curly Eng-
lish retriever tlog from 2 Jurl ave., nr. Vulen-
cla-st. depot. Reward If returned W.ADAMS.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, removed to 446 Eddy St..
with Mrs. Dr. Guyer, the well-known and
reliable ladles' physician; guaranteed treat-
ment at office, $i; a home fcr patients before
and durlns confinement: consultation free;
¦ hours. 9 to 5 and 7 to S: Sundays, 10 to 2.
446 Eddy St.." bet. Lea%'enworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
heme; consultation free.- After all others fall
call on him. 1023V4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
I cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 13 years' practice In S. F*. ; maternity
home; low ¦ fees. 1007% Market St., near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
9 office. $."•; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 952 Post Bt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clallst; home In confinment; safe and reli-
able; consultation free: hours 10 to S.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late ot Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento,cor.Kearny;advice free.
DR. WISE (YS), the ladles' specialist. 1113
Market st. ; every case guaranteed; $> np. *
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DU. \VONG HIM, herb "doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st. • ."•
POISON • oak : cured In one application or no <
, pay.- 4G9 Hayes st. . = »^.V •
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Cal 1, 16 pages, • sent to - any addresb In the
United. States or Canada one year for $1, .
postage paid, v
MISCELLANEOUS — FORSALE^
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our P.oor. ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. MX>
NAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission Bt.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— HUTS, sells or rent* gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 216 Spear St.
CHEAP lot best new Rodcers Bros.' silver-
ware, spoons, forks, knives, carving set. su-
gar, butter, creamer. 771 Fifth St.. corner
Market. Oakland.
A— J3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near I lne.
50,000 GALLON redwood tank and frame com-
plete. THOMPSON. 40 Main st. ;
ATTENTION deer-hunters— 2 very fine and well-
trained fox-hounds for sale cheap. 12< Second.
FOR sale— 1 good 36-Inch screw cut metal
lathe, cheap, at 323 Mission st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULLJine cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. XV. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete; almost
new; cheap. H. S: WHITE. 516-513-320 Mission.
EDISON concert phonosraph-Reduce-J price.
*75; concert records, $1 5O..Baclgalupi. 533 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit. ?10: dress pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 137 Montgomery st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. HULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st^
SAFKK— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and necond-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at., San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher, 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MJSCKLLA.NfciOljS WAVE'S.
WANTED— Counter and shelving, 12 to 14 feet.
14% Bluxome st. _
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ft.
IY you wish full value fcr your cast-oft clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 41l':i.
MONEY TO LOAS.
ANTTmomira.r6"peTcent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgage?, estates In probate, interest
in estates; legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life insurance. Room 16, first
floor Chronicle big., HALLO RAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohoe building, 117-j, Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchange, 431 Calif.
ANY sum. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 6C3, Examiner building.
II. MURPHY. 620 Market St., solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, €09 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
6. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
WeTh~Tv : E~X : REAL BARGAIN. If that's what
you want: fine large Mahogany Upright for
J1S5, if you buy at once you'll get the bargain.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
CAMPERS should take along some of our fine
Sllkene strings for Banjo; they excel In tone,
strength and quality; 30c per set. MAVVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
WE >>ell Olympla Music Boxes, and all other
kinds jf musical Instruments on Installments;
comeand see, even If you haven't much money
to pay down. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763
Market st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we ar? the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $6 cash, $6 per
month: other pianos. J3, H and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway. Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at ccst; owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
closed out regardless of profit; a better op-
portunity has never been offered; terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 CFar-
rell et. j
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicapo is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
"6, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap,
ranging from 575 up. take advantage of our
closing out sale. SPENCER'S, MM Market st.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage: offers wanted (cash or in-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co., 1710 Mrkt.
SELLING out regardloss of cost— Entire sto"k
of pianos; store to let: fixtures for sale.
JAMKS KEEFFE. 1013 Van Nes3 ave.
A $550 UPRIGHT, good as new; must be sold to
close up an estate. Room 10, Flood building.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 3GS Post St., opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
ON furniture, planes: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, 6 Eddy st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallstt & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway, 1 Chlckpring. 3190; installments
$."> to »10; rent J2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION' sale; new pianos. S3 payments;
for rent. S2 up. BRITENN. 208 Post st. i
A WEEIC'S news for a cents— T.he " ,'eekly Call.
16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
U^VICKS AM. Vl'Ull_!t--.Tt» LKT.
AFTER the 12th. inst. fine larg-t- store to let
opposite the Orpheum. Apply 15 Grant ave.
PALMISTUV.
MME. Xeergard. Pres. St. Germain Colleg«T'of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
PASTUltAGE.
300 TO 500 acres green pastureT^ctover^mT'wild
grasses mixed. for horses or cattle For
terms apply A. B. FULLER, Antloch. "Cal.
PERSOXALg -
Hotel. 44 Third at., near Market; 7C0 rooms;
2oc to $t trt per night; |l CO to J$ per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments: S13 upward-
tl a week. LEO.N LEMOH. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S QulntonJca"ke7p S the hair In fine
condition, *5c bot.: Lederer-s Foamo Sham-
poo can t be beat, oc pkg. 123 Stockton st.
MME. ADA, wonderfully gifted healer. 34
Kearny St., room 11, cures nervousness, fn-
Bominla. blindness, Brlght's disease, runture.
AHLBORN House. to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
Ing German-American hotel of San Francisco:
II per day and up; finest meals In city. 25c.
M JSS pIELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
SoO Market St.. second floor, room 37.
LEDERER. the popular hair dresser, gives
you the very latest hair styles for only 23c.
LAD I E ?! an<J Rents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. bHverman. 084 Folsom. tel. Folsom 119L
LEDERER sells the very best switches at the
very smallest price, from Jl up.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. Examiner building, rw-rn 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, 11; at all druggists.
PERSONALS.
C\ST-OFFclothlns,old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. »G6 Kearny st.
O. r> MORSE, photographer. 2808 Pacific av?..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner :ci.
rHOTOGKAnilC SUPl'LIiiS.
WE loan kclaks free; pltotfi fuppli— *. B*C_M
.etudio. 11 Geary St.. trr"'in<1 anrt top floors.
PIXYSICIAXS AXD SIRGEOSS.
£trT~cT~cT~OT>ONNELL— -Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth anrl Seventh.
KEAI, ESTATE CITY FOIl S.\LK.
jjjOO MODERN D-rcom house in choice iccatiou
on Waller st.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Halsht-st. cars; finished wtth marbl.? steps,
frescoed ceilings. 3 woo<1 rnant-- 1 !.*, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.: terms one-fnurttj carh.
balance JCO monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale— Northeast corner "U'ali^r nnd Shra<l-r
sts. ; improved four stores and f>v > flats: brtnga
10 per cent on investaieat. Owner, fl?» Shrader.
MOIiKltN houses ami flats built at Jnwest
rr'.Crs- plan'* and e»ttn_lte~ fisT:i;»tvii for all
buiMintf work. CAMI'UKLL. 1147 Mi'-.-.-n at,
MODERN eottasa <>f t roems and tat. 1 :. Sea
owner at HI Twenty-seventh st. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th» V.'eekiy
Call 16 rnces, *ent 10 any a<Mr°>>s in Iba
I*n!:efl Ftntes or Canada one year for Jl.
pfist»£r<» ya'.d.
IREA— ESTATE COIWTRY — For Snle
ACCURATE persona! knowledge; jcr.h of the
30CO ranches on my BALE anil i-.XCHA.NMK
list More than all nthrr *sent* put together
In S. V. N. V. FICKEL.". Lan<t Agt.. 3 Geary.
EIGHTY acres level anil partly rtrained tuld
land near city: fin» for speculation; cheap.
Address H.. box 1S32. Call office.
FOR sale— Gwd-paying investment: country
hotel; rented at \atK For particulars appiy at
southwest corner Ediiv arrl Taylor »ta.
IIOOJIS FOR HOISEKEEPIXG.
ELEVENTlf. 320— 2 sunny furnished rooms:
stove and bath: modern conveniences: flu.
FOLSOM. 5^— Three uniumi3hed roorc3 tvi
housekeeping; hut and cold water: ran?e.
FtTRNISHEr* apartment, parlor. 2 bedrooms _
kitchen; rent »12. Apply af store. 515 Second.
GEA RY. 4lT-¥iInny xurnishsd or unfurnished
j rooms; reascnat'le. _____________
! GEARY, S60 — Furnished or unfurnished rooms
i fcr housekeeping ; rent reasonable.
GE^RY 913— Bay-window front room, newly
furn.. with or without hgkpng.; also tourist.
HOWARD, 915— Sunny suite for li_ht house-
keeping; also others^ ;-..- '.-- '
MISSION, S21— Lar?e sunny suite, complete;
housekeeping; yard; 510.
NICE furniture of a T-room flat for sale or rent.
11C0 Mission st.
OAK, 113—2 newly furnished housekeepl.-.?
rooms. tlO: 2 large front unfurnished rms.: <¦¦>.
OCTAVIA, 1103. corner Geary— Sunny front
and back parlors; folding beds; gas stove; $11.
OTAKRKLL. "12—2 to 4 nicely furnishel
hcusekpirg rar 1a. : complete; ga». bath; phont-.
PAGE. 9, off Market— Sunny bay-window suites,
furnished and unfurnished, for housekeeping;
$3 to $14: traa; batha.
POLK. 522— Large sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
SIXTH, 11-fA — * connecting rooms with piano
and jtaa. furnished for housekeeping, $22 GO;
also other rooms.
SILVER, 163, near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen,
furnished for housekeeping.
TURK. "27 — 2 unfurnished rooms and kitchen,
with stove.
VALENCIA, 191— Large front room and kitch-
en; furnished for housekeeping; newly pa-
pered and painted; use of bath: >I0.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2lf»> Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IOSiS Vu-
lencla st.
noOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and t'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE . 143 Sixth— Ruoms
25c to $1 per night. Jl 2i to JG p«?r week, anl
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1_6 Market st. (old No. 1354)— Fur-
nished rras.. suites, single; also unfurnlaheii.
EIGHTH, 103— Sunny rooms. |1 25 to $2 uO p.r
week.
EI.LIS. 837— Sunny bay-window room for 1 or
2 gentlemen, with or without board; priv. fam.
FIKST. 413— Single and double sunny rooms; tl
and $3 monthly.
FOLSOM. 96T>. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooma. single or suites; reaaonbl.
FOR REN'T — A pleasant and quiet room in a
central location; reference given and re-
quired; rent moderate. Call or address A. _.
\V., 1123 Polk st.
FOURTH. 2C2'4 — NMcely furnished rooms; tl
week and up; moderate; quiet.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House)— Furnished
rooms, single; gas; running water: all conv.
FRAXKLIX. 325— Nicely furnished front bay-
window room; suitable for 2 ladies or gentle-
men.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furr.!she<l
rooms: suites or single; travelers acco' dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
sir.?le; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HARRIET. 57. between Howard and Folsom—
To let; two nice furnished sunny rooms. — 'itl»
board: plain German cooking; a married cou-
ple preferred or two single gentlemen.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 3&3. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
room* reasonable; by day. week or month.
LAPIDGE. 20, off Nineteenth, near Valencia—
3 nice sunny rooms; gentlemen preferred:
home comforts.
MINNA. 514 — Nicely furnished double and sln-
glj rooms; reasonable.
MINNA, 731— A large bay-window room, suitable
for two.
OAK. V.9—2 sunny large front rooms. $3; un-
furnished; closets; see them; other rooms.
O'FARRELL. 10 — Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric lighta: day. — k.. mo.
POLK, 717— One nicely furnished front room.
$0; also one, $4.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
Kle: transient: runninp water: ratea reduce L
ROSEDALE House. 315 and 321 Ellis gt.— Rooms,
nlslit, 25c to SI; week. $1 2o to $1; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladiea"
parlor; rocnij. per night. 3Cc to $1 iO: week. i3
to $S; month. $S to 120 ; elevator on office tloor;
rooms with hot ar.d coM water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 613 — Neat furnished rooms;
private family; Jl an>^ upward.
SAN ANTONIO — Up-to-date fireproof building;
elevator; new furniture: ocean wat.'r bath*;
suites and single rooms: appreciated when,
seen: popular prices. 21 Taylor st.. neAr Mkt.
SHERMAN Apartment Hocsf, £> Eighth, St..
near Market— Furnis-lied or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 135— Furnished front and back parlors;
'suitaV; fcr doctor'" office or dressmaker.
SUTTER. 313— Single and en s»i-.lte: for gentle-
men and for families; special attention to
tourists. . ¦
SUTTER CCS, rear— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms;
call after 6 p. m. ' - V
VALLEY 26—2 furnished roo~!5. 1 sunny. — -Ithi
bay-window; ruitable for 2 persons; $5 and J6;
references required.
A BRANCH nfticf for C.i!l artvertlserr.ent* an.l
subscriptions has been established at 15?o Va-
lencia Et.
CHEAPEST ar.d best In America— The Weekly
Call. 15 pai?cs. sent to any address In the
United Sta»f* or Cannrlg one year for $1.
ROOMS AND UOAKd!
A FAMILY havlnc a large, rcnned.^welT'fuiu
nished home will aceommoitate a few per-
sons with references; table and alt appoint-
ments tlrst-clasas. Box 3071. Call office.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3377. neaT^lirsTon— Nicely
furnished sunny rocms. with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
LAS PA-MAS. 1SCO Markel~3t^!= ult( . of ' or 3
rms.; private: bath: s=!n. rms.: board optimal.
SPECIAL .\OTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that"the~M^rla Kip
Orphanage of f 0 Lake st.. San Francisco, has
received the following orphan, half-orphan
and abandoned girls from March 31 to Juna
*>. 1S00: Manrietta E. McKewen. { yeara 1
months: Sarah C. McCarthy 13; years I
months; Mary E. McCarthy. 10 years 5
months;. Esther H. Snyderr. 1 , y^-a- 4
months: Emma E Fisher. 11 years S months;
Pertha C. I Ishe r. 7 years 2 montha.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. Jl up-
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 31? Third!
BAD tenants ej??tetj to r « : coll-rtfonT'ma^
ro X m'vS PACIFIC COLLECT |O* ,
sewixc M^""RSA.itD 'scVp-iEal-
A h^ klD^ S - b0U /, ht - ___ and "-Pairing Ku7r~an^
teed. Chaa. Plambecli. 1315 Mission, nr. Uth.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, exchanged, rented;
repalrlns at lowest rates. !05 Fourt_ ¦_TO SAIL
Jupiter furnace, at St. Louis, Mo., which
hat? been Idle for a long time, will soon
be put In blast. . ..:.'
Statistics also show that the sales of
six months. Just past, have been distrib
uted as follows: Fifty-varas 205, value
$4,779,125; 100-varas 130, value $2,083,579;
city slip and water lots 16, value $298,648;
South Beach 3. value $2G,500; Potrero 63,
value $154,210; Mission E65, value $1,027,570;
Western Addltron 414, value $2,263,563;
South San Francisco 77. value .$51, 340: out
side lands 262. value $199,498: tax, skeleton
and blackmail 30, amount $t>,500. The total
sales of six months numbered 1785 a"nd the
amount was $10,8«),563. The amount is
over $3,500,000 in excess of the sales for the
first six months of 1839. and leads the first
six months of 1S98 by $5,554,760.
The loans of the past week have been
small. The total amount is $142,900 and the
number fifty-six. The releases numbered
thirty-eight and the amount is • $64,970.
Tho larger loans of the week are the
following: Hibernla Savings Bank to
Mary McCrellish, $13,500, for one year at
6 per cent, on the property situated on the
southeast corner of Twenty-ninth street
and the old San Jose road; French Sav
ings Bank to the Cuneo and Costa Com
pany, $16,000 on the southeast, corner of
Vallejo and Powell streets. Tho more Im
portant releases were the following:'.'Re
gents of . the University of California,
south line cf Grove, 97:0 west of Webster
and also lot on the west: line of- Folsom.'
125:6 east of Sixth street. ?10.000; Barnard
Trezzlni toAttillo Morettl. north line of
Hermann,. west of Buchanan. $6500: Rob
ert R. Hind to Charles A. Jones, southeast
corner of Pine and. Bacon place, $8000. ?¦¦¦
Lyon & Hoag report the following sales:
Two new houses on the east line of Clay
ton street. 222 feet south of Frederick,
$4800 and $5500; for Mrs." Grace Bryant to
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived July 6—Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg, etc.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived July 6—Stmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia.
HAVRE—Arrived July 6-Stmr L'Aqultaine,
from New York. r*
QUEJENSTOWN—Arrived July S—Stmr Luca
nla. from New Ycrk. for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed July 6—Stmr New .England, from Liv
erpool, for Boston.
PLYMOUTH—Sailed July 6—Stmr Deutaeh
land. from Hamburg- and Cherbourg., for New
York.
LONDON—Sailed July 6— Stmr Manitou. far
New York.
• CHERBOURG—Sailed July 8—Stmr De-utsch
land. from Hamburg, for New York, via Ply
mouth.
MOVILLE—Sailed July 8—Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New Tork; stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
HALIFAX. N S-Arrlved July S—Stmr Car
thagenlan. from Liverpool, via St John. N F,
for Philadelphia.
Alameda County.
EEAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William Pchneider to Lena Schneider, lot on
N line of fc'aanders street. 40 W of Mitchell. W
120 by K )-S:3. portion of lot 30, Ghlrardelll
Tract. Brooklyn To\vnsh1;>; gift. '
Alexander G. Glenn to Virginia J. Glenn, lot
on N corner cf Monroe and Julia streets, NE
i'7. XW 172.16. SW !»7. BE 190 to beginning, being
the SW S7 feet or lot 4. bl.ock E. Revised Map
of Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn Town
fr-hip; U.
lilinor F. Elmer fwife of R. G.) to William
B. Dcnnison. lot on SW corner of Mono and
Sh«ttuck avenue?. \V 126. S 88. E 120.9S, N 8S.14
to beginning; bHiis lots 14 and 15. block D, Re-
Euiidivision of Urumacim Tract. Oakland; $10.
Hannah Cbofci David Freid?nrich, Joseph and
Sarah Naphtaly to Moses J. Frank (single),
all interest In following: Lot 6, block 7, lots
13 to 24. blork 35, Town San Antonio: also
lots 15 to 18, bl<>ck fi2; iot 15, block IS: lots S,
16. 17 and 1?. block 16; lots 1. 2 and 3, block 14;
lots 7 to IS. block 46, San Antonio; also rear
portions of blocks 1 to 4. beginning at a line
drawn parallel with Washington or East
Twelfth street. 50 S from S line of Washins
toa. extending 50 SW from S line of Wash
ington- or East Twelfth, Into what Is known as
San Antonio Bay: also strip ot land 37:6 wide
along entire K side block 65, fame; also begin
ning at SE romcr lat 9, block Crt. thence SE
37:6 by NE S00. same; also beginning at SW
corner lot 9. block 61. San Antonio, SE 37:6 by
NE S00; also beginning at SE corner block 62,
San Antonio, SE 37:6 by NE 300: also begin
ning at SE corner lot 9, block 63, San Anto
nio. SE 37:6 by NE 200; also beginning at SE
corner lot 9. block 64, San Antonio, SE 37:6 by
VE 300- also beginning at SE corner lot 9, block
K, San Antonio. SE 37:6 by NE 300: also begin
ning at BE corner lot 9, block 66, San Antonio,
SE 27:6 by NE 300; also lot 7, block 13; lots
1 p-nd 7. block 1, Town of San Antonio. East
Oakland; *10.
J<-hn A. Ow)k to David Freidenrich. all block
C, lets 7 to 18. block 46. SE V, block 62, W %
Mnok 25, lots II. 12 and 13, block 31, lot 15,
Wo'-k 1* lots 5, J<5 and 1R, block 16, lot 6, block
ISM block SI. lots I. 2 and 3. block 9. lot 15,
li'lock 13. lot 4, block 4, Town of San Antonio,
East 'Oakland ; *;0.
Catherine D. Stevens to Jessie Campbell, lot
rn KE line of Esst Tenth street, 135 SE of
f-eventh aveni'f, SE 30 by NE 150, block 19,
Clinton: East Oakland; $10.
Agnes' E. Gardner to Henry V.* Martin, lot on
E line of Spring street, 115 S of Vine, S 63 by
E 3C<1. being lot IS. block 3, Map_ of Property
Berkeley View Homestead Association, Berke
ley. $10
Francois Platania to V. Uuval, lot on W line
of MoPhorson street,, \7A N of Central avenue,
i; W by W 120. Alamerta; S2J00.
Henrietta Cook «' widow) to Hannah Cook,
lands described In a deed from John A. Cook to
I)a\ Id Frlemlenrich, dated December 27, 1S50 (a»
re-corded): $10. ' ;..,.
Builders' Contracts.
Richard Blennerhas*ett fowner) with Thomas
O'Connor fecntrac-tor) — All work for a one. and
a half ftory frame cottape. on lot commencing
jM) S of L Ktreet. traversing northerly line on
TYnth avenue, thence S 2-"i by 120; flO15.
\V. C. l^i Btrce 'puardlan estate of John
Hi-r.ry Frost. Incompetent, owner) with W. R.
Kenny (contractor), architect VV. q. Le Berse—
All wort lir "¦ Rve-motn and basement cottage,
on S Mne of J J-treet. .'7:6 \V of Eleventh ave
nU /-. W 25 by S 100: $1€I7.
l?!na F. Ycraans fowner) with John G. Cook
A Co. (contractors), architect Albert Sutton —
All v.-ork cxc«?pt plumbing, gas fitting and sew
ering for alterations to a two-xtory and base
ment frame buSMing, on W line of Taylor
rtrect. 1=7:6 N of Sutter. N 28:9 by W 137:6;
J64M>.
Sara* downer), with Shepard Bros, (contrac
tort), architect same— Piuaablng, gas fitting,
sev.-erlr* gas fixtures fbr same on, same; $2594
•s- — ; t
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 6.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. 62% hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 63 hours from Vic
toria and way ports.
Stmr Progreso. Zolllng, 86 hours from Ta
coma,
Schr Laura May, Hansen, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday. July 6.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria: O R & N Co.
Brig J D Spreckels, Rooker, Guam; AVestern
Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Friday, July 6.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. •
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Tlllamook, Hushes, Fort Bragg.
BHk J I) Spreckels, Rooker, Guam.
Schr Robert Lewers. Goodman, Honolulu.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, Coqullle River.
Schr Fortuna, Luberg, Eureka, i
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Rosa.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 6, 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed July S— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed outward July 6—
Chil bark Paclflco. for Valparaiso.
Arrived outward July 6— Ital ship Teocle, for
Buenos Ayres.
- Sailed July 6— Nor bark Fortuna, for Port
Arrived July 6— Chil bark Kma Louisa, from
Valparaiso.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 6— Stmr
Alcatraz, from San Pedro.
Sailed July 6— Haw etmr Aztec, for Nanalmo.
USAL— Arrived July 6— Schr Glen, from .
SEATTLE— Sailed July 6— Stmr Dirigro, for
Arrived July 6— U S stmr Iowa, from ;
stmr Queen, from Skaguay; Jap stmr Rio Jun
Maru, from Yokohama.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 1— Schr Ida
Schnauer, for San Francisco. July 6— Nor bark
Fortuna. for Port Pirie,
COQUILLE RIVER— Arrived July fr-Schr Jo
seph and Henry, hence June 24. '
.'NEWPORT— Sailed July 6— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka. ' „
NOME — Arrived June 22 — Schr Antelope, hence
May 1. June 18— Schr, Fred E Sander, from
Port Gamble. June 21— Schr Annie Campbell,
from Seattle. June 22— Schr Wlnalow, from
COOS BAY— Sailed July 5— Etmr Del-Norte,
for San Francisco. •
VENTURA— Arrived July 6— Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka; stmr Geo Loomls, hence July 6.
Sailed July 6— Stmr Pasadenr. for ; stmr
Geo Loomls, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 6— Br stmr Strath
gyle, for Kan Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 6— Stmr Del Norte,
from Coos Bay. \
CASPAR— Sailed July 6— Stmr Cleone, tor San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 6— Stmr Alcazar,
; f ? r ;~" . EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Sailed July &— Ship St Mark, for
M NEW YORK— Sailed July 1— Ship Alex Gib
son, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived July 3— Stmr Finance, from
New York. .
Sailed July 3— Stmr Advance, for New York.
DUNGENESS— Passed July "4— Br ship Glau
cus, from London, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrived July 6— Stmr Mlneola,
from Port Los Angeles.
-SUVA— Arrived May 22— Schr Repeat, from
Port Blakeley, to sail about June 4 for Grays
Harbor.
•¦¦ SHANGHAI-Salled July 5-Br ship Genista,
.for Portland. ¦ v ¦.'¦ -
' YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 30— Br stmr Coptic,
i for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed July 6— Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco. .¦ -. *
Shipping Intelligence.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI
A F KelMnper, Cal
P Sonthwf rth. Carson
R F Ij«-onanl. Denver
J C iMiffy. Cal
II Krrn, w & c, S Cru*
A Allen. Highland Sgs
L B".',th. Cal
J K Heaman. Ix>s Ang
II B Oriffitb. Cal
K A Oilhert. Sac
W D Madlpan, Cal
J W Koarth, Colupa
C f5 Gillson. Hornbrk
H A GraWIt, Keswick
tV O Muster, Ind
w R RauUtn & w.Stk
W *\Y Worthing. Sfkn ;
J H<v=- .7r, Sutter Crk
E W Cijiy, Cal
Lt A C Allen. OS* A]
I» J Kfilcr. Philadelphi
W B Tomb USN .
C D Roukridge. Hit Lk 1
,W D Thompson. Bit L,k
J McMillan, Los Ang
S Diopal. Sacto
C H ¦\Varfleld, Merced
M W Patten, Calistoga
T Maxuire. Pinole
A J Larson, Lodl
R C Dal<». Bakersfleld
J G Bernay, Texas
.1 R Sweeny. Red Bluff
A W Cormlck, Eureka
Mrs H McKay, Napa
A Weilheimer. Fresno
O Gronsky & w. stktn
J A Graack, Tucson
Mrs Ij J Keith. Mo
Mif=B M Wod, Mo
F, Perry. Cal
I>r O S Trimmer & w.
Pacific Grove
W Jereslaw, Brentwd
J Small. Gait
1WLACE HOTEL.
J 1$ Wicht.^VashinKton
"\V P,ur7#e & w. Phil
W Jones, rhnadelphia
J Larkey, Philadelphia
V." Martin. Kan Mateo
J L. Kisrrdrath. Chgo
M nnppnblum. Chicago
C * Morris. New York
H H Merritt, Nome
H K HolKate, Vanvouvi
H W K^r.t, Vancouver
It CralC. Hakersfleld
T." Sinclair. New York;
C Isaacs. 1>"is Angeles ,
W t; KirckhojT. h Angi
K W 15ro\vn. Fresno
E L Dohesy, L. Ang
NEW WEST!
Miss Hart. Seattle |
J J West & w. Alaska
B Johnson. Vallfjo
E K Vcrrill. Prtld, Me
J Kinp. San J<,*e
A Bawman. Hakerffld
O Hull. I5aker*fiel.i
Mrs R n Collina, \V?h!
J Moxun & w. Eureka i
I CA Canfleld. L Ann-
Mrs F ¦\Veinjrer Vallejo
Mrs F K Hunt. Vallejo
¦H II Blauvelt. N York
Mrs Blauvelt. N York
II Rijl>erts>on. S Crua
K Kfnnaul. Spokane
C L. Spaulfling. Wash
Mrs Spaulding, "Wash
W Wri(?lit, Chicago
Mrs Wright. Chicago
J O Ogden. USA
H H Knapp, Naoa
E U Yerlngton, Carson
A A Mitchell. L Ang
Mrs W G Gates. Tallac
Miss A Sweaney.Tallac
:rx hotel.
S Bailey. Colorado
A Sylvester, sta Rosa
J L Scott, Tresno
II Lyndall. Haywards
C U Brown, Ukiah
H C Ani!»r«on, Mrysvl
J B Martin, Modesto
M Lyons, Santa Cruz
NOTE— In tba above exposition ot the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of thu
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
tbe day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, a* sometimes occurs. The helchts
given are in addition to the soundings on tho
Uni'ed States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slen (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
thfi depth riven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is tha mean of the lower low waters.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
A Populist Statesman.
"Why do you call him a good Populist
statesman?"
"Because his Congressional record shows
that he has Introduced more resolutions
of Inquiry than any two other men."—
Chicago Post.
W. DEED has been placed on record
// \y conveying the northwest corner of
jf *\ Geary and Jones streets, the con
sideration being $50,000. The par
ties selling are W. H. Linforth and C. M.
Judd, trustees, and Mrs. R. A. Root. The
purchaser is Mrs. Annie Drlscoll. The lot
is 37:6xS7:6. The improvements consist of
stores and flats. The brokers were the
Von Rhein Real Estate Company. The
same brokers have also sold for Bertha
von Gregory to W. M.'Hoag a lot on the
north line of Sutter street, 96 feet west
of Leavenworth street, 41:6x137:6, with
two large houses thereon.
- The Italian Bersaglieri Mutual Benevo
lent Society has conveyed to the Bersa
glieri Building and Hall Association the
southwest corner wf Union and Stockton
streets, the price mentioned in the deed
being $23,000.
Margaret A. Cowles has purchased the
property on the east line of Twelfth
street, 142 feet north of Howard street,
from tho estate of Samuel Cowles for
$9300.
. Charles 1». Tilden has executed a deed
of trust to the San Francisco Savings Un
ion to the property on the west line of
Spear street, 137:6 feet south of Folsom,
the consideration being $20,000.
Frank Maskey will build a residence on
the south side of Bush street, 95 feet east
of Leavenworth street, to cost about $12,
000, the contracts calling for the expendi
ture of nearly that sum.
The Building Review finds that with
one exception the record for the month
of June of this year exceeds that of any
June in San Francisco since records have
been kept, and it predicts that 1900 will
be one of the banner years in building
activities. The total for six months in
1900 is $3,129,598, the improvements num
bering 538. The total for June is $912,151,
the improvements numbering 124. In 1SS4,
1SS5, 1SS6, 1SS7, 18S9, 1890, 1S91, 1S92, 1S95 and
1896 the improvements reached a higher
total for their first periods of six months
than in 1900. The highest building total
for the rlrst six months in any year in
this city was in 1830, when the improve
ments numbered 781 and the total cost in
volved was $5,576,070.
Builders' contracts have been put on
record as follows: Mrs. Maria Louise
Raymond with A. Hurthere and P. Lous
talet for frame cottage on north line of
Vallejo street, 157:6 feet east of Taylor,
cost $1755; Harvey H. Dana with Thomas
W. Butcher for three-story and basement
brick and concrete building on the east
line of Beale street, 137:6 feet north of
Howard, cost $19,650; Felton Taylor with
G. Weismann and H. Whittle and G. C.
Sweeney for two three-story frame build
inps •with brick foundations on east line
of Polk street, 87:10 feet north of Wash
ington, cost $7160; Ida J. Moody, execu
trix of the estate of Joseph L. Moody,
with John H. McKay for a one-story
brick building on the south line of Bran
nan street, 245 feet west of Fifth street,
cost $7677; John Stratman with Wilson &
Long for a two-story frame building on
the east line of Eureka street, 173:S feet
i north of Eighteenth street, cost $2000;
Crocker Estate Company with Richard
Rice for repairs on Golden Gate block
on the south line of Post street, 113 feet
east of Grant avenue, cost $2787; S. N;
Wood & Co. with Mailer & Lass for alter
ations to their store on Market and Geary
streets, west of Kearny, cost $5885; Frank
Maskey with James S. Fennell, Walker
Bros.' Company and W. F. Wilson for
two-story attic and basement frame resi
dence on south line of Bush street, 95 feet
east of Leavenworth, cost $11,5S2; Dr.
Hartland Law with Charles M. Depew
for alterations and additions to make a
1 three-story frame building on the south
line of Ellis street. 110 feet east of Jones,
cost $5675; James D. Phelan with Andrew
McElroy for alterations and additions to a
one-story building on Market street, near
Sixth, running through to Stevenson, cost
$5696: Thomas Hancock with J. T. Loren
zen for a two-story frame building on the
east line of Devlsadero street, 75 feet
south of Oak. cost $5550; D. L. Farnsworth
with Jones, Peterson & Rountree for a
two-story and basement frame building
and a two-story stable on southeast cor
ner of Golden Gate avenue and Broderick
street, cost $S455; Caroline Wingartner
with J. Fred Wagner, Carl Krecker and
Duffy Bros, for two two-story attic and
basement frame residences on the south
line of Clay street, 26:6 west of Pierce,
cost $9200; C. Specht with L, Morrison for
alterations and additions to a two-story
frame building, flats, 110:6 feet east from
northeast corner of^Guerrero and Camp;
streets, cost $2500; Claus Sprcckels with
Gladding, McBean & Co. and Pacific Roll
ing Mill Company for terra cotta, for
II At court and fire walls and fire iron and
steel work in connection with western
wall on a five-story building or, .the : south
line of Market street, west of Third, cost
loans on city real estate for the first
six months of the present year have
amounted to $9,562,920 and the releases m
the same period make a total of $s,30o,oos.
The comparison with the corresponding
period in two years preceding shows that
Fn the first six months of 189S the loans
amounted to 57.470,046 and the releases £0
$5,326,848; in the first Elx months of 1899 the
loans amounted to $0,200,004 and the re
leases to $6,937,590. There have been 20il
loans and 1781 releases in the six months
of this y "ar as compared to 1970 loans and
1391 rellases in tho 'first half of 1S98 and
1981 loans and 1609 releases in the first half
of 1S9« Thomas Magce comments on the
ngu-es for the first half of the present
vear in the matter of loans and releases,
and calls attention, in his Real Estate
Circular, to .the fact that the savings
banks of the city, notwithstanding that
they have invested probably as much as
$3,500,000 in bonds and stocks during the
past half year, have about So.OOO.OOO on
hand and unasked for. The reason that
there has been such a small demand for
money is, so says Mr. Magee, because
buyers of real estate have been mostly
buyers with money in their hands for per*
sonal Investment or manufacturers — who
have purchased for actual use, their ob
ject being to become owners at the pres
ent reasonable prices for factory and
warehouse properties. The following table
is furnished by Mr. Magee. showing the
mortgages and releases for 1900 up to
July 1:
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
The Real Estate Record, published by G.
H. Umbsen & Co., says: "The most
marked feature of the year just elapsed
has been the heavy investments made
south of Market street and particularly in
the water front district of the city. Al
though many of the deeds have gone on
record to individuals, it is no longer a
secret that the real buyers are corpora
tions with which Collis P. Huntington ia
connected. It is also a fact that all of
the land sought for has not been acquired
and that more transactions ¦will soon be
made public." At the time the news ot
these transactions was published in The
Call there was a general inclination, in
some quarters, to dispute the accuracy
of the statements made.
Renting business is better than during
any previous June in six or seven years.
The ability to rent houses helps mater
ially to fix the value of residence prop
erties. >-
Jacob Hertz, No*. 2727 Clay street, lot
25x100, Improved, with two-story building,
$COCO; southeast corner of Oak and Oc
tavia streets, 50x80, improved with stores
and flats, $13,500; lot 25xS0, east line of
Sanchez, $500; two lots on the west line
of Mississippi street, $400 each; new house
on west line of Ninth avenue, between J
and K streets, $3250; lot and two flats
on west line of Fremont avenue, 200 feet
north of Frederick, $3400.
THIS; SAiN". JfKAJN CISCO GALL, .SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1900.
Averages for individual batting and po
sitions, team fielding and batting, of the
players and teams in the California Base
ball "League are given below. They are
for all players in the league since the be
ginning of the season. Since the exodus
to Butte many have dropped out. Among
these are Joe McCarthy, Hammond, Stef
fanl and McHale.
The averages in tabulated form tel'
their own. story. They are: r
RANKING OF THE
LEAGUE PLAYERS
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-vThe high end low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both .places.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
13
SATURDAY, JULY 7.
Sun rises 4:53
Sun sets ...~ 7:35
Moon sets 0:01a. in.
~C Time Time Time Time
e> Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L, W H W It V,' H W
7 ... 1.-3S1 1.0 S:34 3.4 12:16 1.9 7:01 5.4
8 ... 2:23 0.4 9:35 3.6 1:18 3.1 7:41 5.6
9 ... 3:07-0.1 10:23 4.0 2:13 S.2 8:26 5.7
10 .. SMS —0.4 11:07 4.4 3:12 3,2 9:14 B.S
11 ... 4:30—0.7 11:48 4.6 4;0S 3.1 10:03 5.9
12 ... 5:11 —0.8 32:25 4.8 4:57 1.9 10:55 5.8
13 ... 5:32—O.7| 1:04 5.0 5:50 a. 7 U:43J 5.*
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City R. JaneirolChlna and Japan July 7
Del Norte IPortland July 7
Eureka |Humboldt July 8
Newport New York July 8
Bonlta Newport July 8
Empire Coos Bay July 8
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 9
Strathgyle China and Japan July 9
N'orth Fork ... Humboldt July 9
State of Calif.. Portland July 8
Willamette Seattle July 9
Santa Rosa San Diego July 10
Orizaba Humboldt July 10
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 11
Universe Oyster Harbor July 11
Biem Oyster Harbor July 11
Crescent City... Crescent City July 12
Coos Bay Newport... July 13
Xewburg Grays Harbor July 12
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor July IS
Point Arena...; Mendocino July 13
Corona San Diego July 14
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. 1 Pier.
Curacao ... Mexico July 7. 10 am Pier U
Columbia . Portland July 7. 11am Pier 24
Orizaba .... Humboldt July 7. 2 pm Pier 9
Serapls ....| Hamburg |July 7. 10 am Pier 7
Corona ....itSan DieKO lJuly x. 11 am Pier 11
Eureka iHumboldt..... July 9, 2 pm Pier 13
Acapulco ..IN. Y. v. Pan.. July 9. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 9, 2 pm Pier 2
Del Ncrte.. Portland July 10. 8 am Pier 2i
Nip. Maru. China &Japan July 10. 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. July 10. 11 am Pier 9
Bonita Newport July 10. 9 amlPier 11
Nome Clty.lOape Nome.... July 10, 2 pmiPier 34
St. Paul....|£ape Nome.... July 11, 2 pm|Pler 34
Moana Australia July 11, 8 pm Pier 7
Santa Rosa. San DIepo July 12. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt July 12, 9 am Pier 3
State of Cal Portland July 12, 11 am Pier 24
Arcata ..... Cooa Bay July 13, 12 m Pier 13
Steamer.
Destination. !
Sails.
INDIVIDUAL BATTING.
o > a a je >
P «¦ C P o 5
3 3 M . S. ft
¦ S ? ? a 3 i
NAME AND CLUB. : ; : ~ m ?
: : » » :
" • : ¦ = : 55 !
; - • ? ;
Rank. • : . : • : :
1 Reitz. San Francisco... 8 29 3 11 0 .379
2 Hutchlnson. Oakland... 35 133 25 4S 7.361
3 Pace, Stockton 33 128 19 42 17 .328
4 McHale, Stockton... 13 54 9 17 7.314
5 Hanlon, Sacramento 35 123 2S 40 17 .310
6 Enean, Sacramento 35 127 33 38 10.2:19
7 Schwartz, San Fran.... 35 138 24 41 f. .237
S Brockhoff. San Fran.... 33 133 22 39 4.293
9 HUdebrand, San Fran.. 35 124 25.36 10.290
10 Devereaux. Sacramento. 35 118 20 32 23 .271
11 SKj-uk. San Francisco.. 30 124 23 33 4.266
* Franks, Oakland .... 35 135 17 36 11.266
12 Pabst. San Francisco... 23 85 7 23 1 .2fil
13 Sfcanahan Sacramento.. 27 90 10 23 6 .255
14 Hardie, Oakland......... 21 71 8 IS 31.253
15 Sullivan, San Fran 16 60 10 15 41.250
16 Stanley, Sacramento.... 33 125 15 31 6|.24S
17 Babbitt. Stockton 33 123 21 30 1/1.24-1
IS Mangerlna, Oakland.... 11 37 3 9 j 2I.2J3
19 Moskiman, Oakland 32 120 14 29 101.241
20 5 Courtney, Stockton 33 113 9 27 61.239
$Streib, Stockton 19 71 9 17 12.239
22 McLaughlin. Sacto 35 147 32 35 2^ .237
23 Hughes, Sacramento.... 31130 IS 31 7 .2?.l
24 Hammond. Oakland 24 100 14 23 9 .230
25 Dunleavy, Oakland 30 114 14 26 6 .228
2« Doyle, Sacramento 34 121 5 27 2 .218
27 5 Drennan. Oakland 30 116 14 v 24 12|.207
- JLange. Oakland 35 140 9 \«9 9.207
29 5 Levy San Francisco.. 32 117 16 24 9 .'WS
J Moore, Stockton 33 117 15 24 8.203
31 Fitzpatrick, San Fran.. 18 54 8 11 0.204
32 Lockhead, Stockton 26 99 14 21 9I..B
33 Stulz, Sacramento 35 127 13 25 7|.107
S4 Pym>, Sacramento 13 47 3 9 5 .191
35 McCarthy. J., Stockton 2S 10S IJ 20 7I.1S5
86 Peeples, San Francisco 21 70 6 12 4 .171
37 Selna Stockton 6 18 1 3 0 .16.1
38 McCarthy. Joe, S. F.... 16 «1 6 50 0.164
33 Morrow. Stockton 33 126 9 19 8 .IjI
40 Reilly, San Francisco.. 33 123 10 IS 2 .146
41 iArrelanes. Oakland.... S 29 1 4 3.139
I Harper. Stockton 14 43 4 6 1.139
4S Iburff. San Francisco... 19 60 5 S 1 .133
44 "\Vhe.lan Stockton 20 64 6 S 3.125
45 Borchers. Oakland 5 17 0 2 0.117
46 Salisbury. Sac-Stockton 6 21 1 2 0 .095
47 Steifanl, Oakland 17 53 3 4 0.075
_ __ FIRST BASE.
n 3 !> K >.
p _ to -i «j
2 0 S ? g
name. : £ : : >5
• . '. a ; • I
!____: :_ iili-1-
1 cpabst 16{214 8 4 .952
JMcCarthy. Joe 23 165 11 3 .982
4 fl'ilo I ?8_5S
5 Hutchinson : 35 379 21 15 .9«
6 Selna 5 50J 02^
SECOND BASE. ¦ i
SiJ S >
a 'S- _
? 9 » ? n
NAME. • £ ¦: • ?
Rank. * - • , '
1 A rT*«»liin*»« -•• 8 37 2a 1.9*7
2 RHlly . 20 53 57 7 .940
3 Babbitt 21 BO s8 " - 92 *
4 Franks 24 60 7() u - 922
I c, r u," kS 35 7S113 17.914
6 Courtney ? £ £ \ f^r
7 Schwartz 1» 2!> 36 s - s>3
THIRD BASE.
o •? > a >
3 r» 1 1 fi
name. . • = : : ?
• ° • ; t
Rank. :' . ' ¦_ •_ _•
1 Devereaux 3_i « « " •«"
2 Reilly f W " _ -«^
3 Peoples 8 » ' * •»»
1 Mrvnrp *3 57 17 il .11!
5 Langt ¦¦'.;!..-- 35 27 79 17 .752
6 5r^ckhoK IS 25 32 20.741
3 SHORTSTOPS.
fl "3 > B >
to c a g < .
3 " I- 3 3
name. * % " : ? ¦
• * ' ;
• • : : : :
Rank. :
1 Rellly C 13 13 2.928
2 Frankg H 34 4! S .919
3 Lockhfead 24 12 SS 13 .SS0
4 Babbitt '¦ 9 12 24 S .878
5 Kacan 34 69 113 37 .S75
6 Reitz » M 21 6.854
7 Pceples ...•- 1" IS -10 10 .853
S Sohmeer 24 46 SI 23 .847
9 Krag : 5 14 19 9.785
_ 1
CATCHERS.
_____ _______
p c a 1 P <
3 " S- ° I 3
S o » ? 2. J5
kame. ': 5 : : ?
' V : \ : I :
• ¦ : • 5» ¦
Rank. • : : : • :
1 Mangerlna 11 B3 24 1 1 .973
2 Hammond 24 126 33 10 1.935
3 Pace 33 1G7 U 9 6.933
4 Sullivan 16 70 37 7 4.916
5 Stanley 33 S5 32 6 6.914
6 Schwartz 19 68 22 11 5 .849
" PITCHERS.
9 3 _" 2 t £
3 *"*¦ SI o j_ "
NAME. ' f I F " 2 I
• ? : : S •
• ; ; ; ro •
Rank. • • • • : :
1 Iburg 19 5 44 1 1 .962
2 Hughes 15 7 41 1 1.960
A Harper 14 1 40 2 0 .954
4 KtefTanl 17 2 '.7 2 1 .912
5 Whalen 18 - 2 39 2 1.909
6 Doyle 16 6 39 5 0 .900
7 Fitzpatrick - 17 8 52 ,3 5.882
8 Mo.kiman 6 2 13 0 2 -SSl
9 Salisbury .'. 5 1 13 • 2 0.875
10 Bevllle 13 9 20 4 0 .871
11 Borchers 5 49 3 0 .812
FIELDERS. — ™—
O 1 >• W >
a c g q <
3 " £• ° t
NAME. " : c ? j
Rank. : • • • •
1 AIcHale ; n 30 4 0 1000
2 Hughes ie 30 3 1 .976
3 Courtney 21 28 6 1 .971
4 Drennan 20 S3 2 3 .966
5 HUdebrand 35 4S 8 4.933
6 Morrow 33 47 7 4 .932
7 Pyne 10 27 0 /S 1.931
8 Doyle 17 23 3 2 .928
9 JHardle 21 32 5 ¦ 3 .925
2 McCarthy 28 4S 2 4.925
11 Levy .. 82 67 2 6 .920
1? Brockhoff 17 86 € 4 .9J3
13 Dunle&vy 27 29 6 4 .896
14 Shanahan 26 45 3 6 .888
15 J RIOFkiman 32 53 2 7 .SS7
? Mclaughlin 34 61 5 9 .SS7
17 Kn.g 21 35 2| 7.811
TEAM BATTING.
a > » a to -a
v> —¦ c s> jr <*
§ 3 » S. 3
? % "• a * 3
Jia nk. • • . . • *
1 Oakland 35 1709 143 2S7 74 ->49
2 Sacramento ............. 35 11S3 184 279 104 "230
3 San Francisco 35 1203 164 1 277 47 230
4 Stockton 33 1050|U9|225 92 ]2U
¦ TEAM FIKLDINQ. • ~"
" .. ¦ ' O 3 > H *
• . P — 00 -1 f»
3 "• a 2 ¦ 2
N J 0 ! 3 i
club. ! r § ? : i
• • : f '•' <n
'. '. ' I . ¦*'
Rank. . ;, .*li •' : • : :
1 Stockton 33 840 413 85 .936
2 Oakland. 85 960 474 103.933
_ Sacramento-...; 85 941455 120,921
4 Ean Francisco.... ,v;| 35 904 468 134 '.911
145
184
IM;
HSj:
t)
o
I
1 Stockton
2 Oakland
t Sacramento
4 Ean Francisco... ....... ...i.
33
35
S5
35
_'-¦ • I
By "Whom Taken or Released. I
Mortgages.
No. I Amount.
Private Individuals
Hibernia Savings and Loan....
Savings and Loan Society
French Savinss and Loan
German Savings and Loan .
Humbdldt Bank iW""
San Francisco Savings Union..
Security Savings Bank
Mutual Savings Bank
Columbus Savings and Loan
Union Trust Company
California Savings and Loan..
719 $3,191,104
7C9 3,192.872
54 147.450
41 250,750
228 960,3551
53 272.260
95 487.490
45 249.120
92 446,475
30 265,200
5 98.450
2071 $9,562,920
Totals'.
Releases. \
By Whom Taken or Released.
No. I Amount.
Private Individuals
Hibernia Savings and Loan....
Savings and Loan Society
French Savings and Loan |
German Savings and Loan
Humboldt Bank.
San Francisco Savings Union..
Security Savings Bank
Mutual Savings Bank
Columbus Savings and Loan
Union Trust Company
California Savings and Loan..
Totals
788 J2.6S2.059
417 3.211.207
60 158.960
31 132.C5O
! 172 994.171
82 208.444
125 464, 387
61 227,200
33 112.3S0
20 -lsa.soo
2 21,000
L 1781 ?S. 305, 008
_'-¦ • I
By "Whom Taken or Released. I
Mortgages.
No. I Amount.
Private Individuals
Hibernia Savings and Loan....
Savings and Loan Society
French Savinss and Loan
German Savings and Loan .
Humbdldt Bank iW""
San Francisco Savings Union..
Security Savings Bank
Mutual Savings Bank
Columbus Savings and Loan
Union Trust Company
California Savings and Loan..
719 $3,191,104
7C9 3,192.872
54 147.450
41 250,750
228 960,3551
53 272.260
95 487.490
45 249.120
92 446,475
30 265,200
5 98.450
2071 $9,562,920
Totals'.
Releases. \
By Whom Taken or Released.
No. I Amount.
Private Individuals
Hibernia Savings and Loan....
Savings and Loan Society
French Savings and Loan |
German Savings and Loan
Humboldt Bank.
San Francisco Savings Union..
Security Savings Bank
Mutual Savings Bank
Columbus Savings and Loan
Union Trust Company
California Savings and Loan..
Totals
788 J2.6S2.059
417 3.211.207
60 158.960
31 132.C5O
! 172 994.171
82 208.444
125 464, 387
61 227,200
33 112.3S0
20 -lsa.soo
2 21,000
L 1781 ?S. 305, 008
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. 1 Pier.
Curacao ... Mexico July 7. 10 am Pier U
Columbia . Portland July 7. 11am Pier 24
Orizaba .... Humboldt July 7. 2 pm Pier 9
Serapls ....| Hamburg |July 7. 10 am Pier 7
Corona ....itSan DieKO lJuly x. 11 am Pier 11
Eureka iHumboldt..... July 9, 2 pm Pier 13
Acapulco ..IN. Y. v. Pan.. July 9. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 9, 2 pm Pier 2
Del Ncrte.. Portland July 10. 8 am Pier 2i
Nip. Maru. China &Japan July 10. 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. July 10. 11 am Pier 9
Bonita Newport July 10. 9 amlPier 11
Nome Clty.lOape Nome.... July 10, 2 pmiPier 34
St. Paul....|£ape Nome.... July 11, 2 pm|Pler 34
Moana Australia July 11, 8 pm Pier 7
Santa Rosa. San DIepo July 12. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt July 12, 9 am Pier 3
State of Cal Portland July 12, 11 am Pier 24
Arcata ..... Cooa Bay July 13, 12 m Pier 13
Steamer.
Destination. !
Sails.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City R. JaneirolChlna and Japan July 7
Del Norte IPortland July 7
Eureka |Humboldt July 8
Newport New York July 8
Bonlta Newport July 8
Empire Coos Bay July 8
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 9
Strathgyle China and Japan July 9
N'orth Fork ... Humboldt July 9
State of Calif.. Portland July 8
Willamette Seattle July 9
Santa Rosa San Diego July 10
Orizaba Humboldt July 10
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 11
Universe Oyster Harbor July 11
Biem Oyster Harbor July 11
Crescent City... Crescent City July 12
Coos Bay Newport... July 13
Xewburg Grays Harbor July 12
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor July IS
Point Arena...; Mendocino July 13
Corona San Diego July 14
SATURDAY, JULY 7.
Sun rises 4:53
Sun sets ...~ 7:35
Moon sets 0:01a. in.
~C Time Time Time Time
e> Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L, W H W It V,' H W
7 ... 1.-3S1 1.0 S:34 3.4 12:16 1.9 7:01 5.4
8 ... 2:23 0.4 9:35 3.6 1:18 3.1 7:41 5.6
9 ... 3:07-0.1 10:23 4.0 2:13 S.2 8:26 5.7
10 .. SMS —0.4 11:07 4.4 3:12 3,2 9:14 B.S
11 ... 4:30—0.7 11:48 4.6 4;0S 3.1 10:03 5.9
12 ... 5:11 —0.8 32:25 4.8 4:57 1.9 10:55 5.8
13 ... 5:32—O.7| 1:04 5.0 5:50 a. 7 U:43J 5.*
INDIVIDUAL BATTING.
o > a a je >
P «¦ C P o 5
3 3 M . S. ft
¦ S ? ? a 3 i
NAME AND CLUB. : ; : ~ m ?
: : » » :
" • : ¦ = : 55 !
; - • ? ;
Rank. • : . : • : :
1 Reitz. San Francisco... 8 29 3 11 0 .379
2 Hutchlnson. Oakland... 35 133 25 4S 7.361
3 Pace, Stockton 33 128 19 42 17 .328
4 McHale, Stockton... 13 54 9 17 7.314
5 Hanlon, Sacramento 35 123 2S 40 17 .310
6 Enean, Sacramento 35 127 33 38 10.2:19
7 Schwartz, San Fran.... 35 138 24 41 f. .237
S Brockhoff. San Fran.... 33 133 22 39 4.293
9 HUdebrand, San Fran.. 35 124 25.36 10.290
10 Devereaux. Sacramento. 35 118 20 32 23 .271
11 SKj-uk. San Francisco.. 30 124 23 33 4.266
* Franks, Oakland .... 35 135 17 36 11.266
12 Pabst. San Francisco... 23 85 7 23 1 .2fil
13 Sfcanahan Sacramento.. 27 90 10 23 6 .255
14 Hardie, Oakland......... 21 71 8 IS 31.253
15 Sullivan, San Fran 16 60 10 15 41.250
16 Stanley, Sacramento.... 33 125 15 31 6|.24S
17 Babbitt. Stockton 33 123 21 30 1/1.24-1
IS Mangerlna, Oakland.... 11 37 3 9 j 2I.2J3
19 Moskiman, Oakland 32 120 14 29 101.241
20 5 Courtney, Stockton 33 113 9 27 61.239
$Streib, Stockton 19 71 9 17 12.239
22 McLaughlin. Sacto 35 147 32 35 2^ .237
23 Hughes, Sacramento.... 31130 IS 31 7 .2?.l
24 Hammond. Oakland 24 100 14 23 9 .230
25 Dunleavy, Oakland 30 114 14 26 6 .228
2« Doyle, Sacramento 34 121 5 27 2 .218
27 5 Drennan. Oakland 30 116 14 v 24 12|.207
- JLange. Oakland 35 140 9 \«9 9.207
29 5 Levy San Francisco.. 32 117 16 24 9 .'WS
J Moore, Stockton 33 117 15 24 8.203
31 Fitzpatrick, San Fran.. 18 54 8 11 0.204
32 Lockhead, Stockton 26 99 14 21 9I..B
33 Stulz, Sacramento 35 127 13 25 7|.107
S4 Pym>, Sacramento 13 47 3 9 5 .191
35 McCarthy. J., Stockton 2S 10S IJ 20 7I.1S5
86 Peeples, San Francisco 21 70 6 12 4 .171
37 Selna Stockton 6 18 1 3 0 .16.1
38 McCarthy. Joe, S. F.... 16 «1 6 50 0.164
33 Morrow. Stockton 33 126 9 19 8 .IjI
40 Reilly, San Francisco.. 33 123 10 IS 2 .146
41 iArrelanes. Oakland.... S 29 1 4 3.139
I Harper. Stockton 14 43 4 6 1.139
4S Iburff. San Francisco... 19 60 5 S 1 .133
44 "\Vhe.lan Stockton 20 64 6 S 3.125
45 Borchers. Oakland 5 17 0 2 0.117
46 Salisbury. Sac-Stockton 6 21 1 2 0 .095
47 Steifanl, Oakland 17 53 3 4 0.075
_ __ FIRST BASE.
n 3 !> K >.
p _ to -i «j
2 0 S ? g
name. : £ : : >5
• . '. a ; • I
!____: :_ iili-1-
1 cpabst 16{214 8 4 .952
JMcCarthy. Joe 23 165 11 3 .982
4 fl'ilo I ?8_5S
5 Hutchinson : 35 379 21 15 .9«
6 Selna 5 50J 02^
SECOND BASE. ¦ i
SiJ S >
a 'S- _
? 9 » ? n
NAME. • £ ¦: • ?
Rank. * - • , '
1 A rT*«»liin*»« -•• 8 37 2a 1.9*7
2 RHlly . 20 53 57 7 .940
3 Babbitt 21 BO s8 " - 92 *
4 Franks 24 60 7() u - 922
I c, r u," kS 35 7S113 17.914
6 Courtney ? £ £ \ f^r
7 Schwartz 1» 2!> 36 s - s>3
THIRD BASE.
o •? > a >
3 r» 1 1 fi
name. . • = : : ?
• ° • ; t
Rank. :' . ' ¦_ •_ _•
1 Devereaux 3_i « « " •«"
2 Reilly f W " _ -«^
3 Peoples 8 » ' * •»»
1 Mrvnrp *3 57 17 il .11!
5 Langt ¦¦'.;!..-- 35 27 79 17 .752
6 5r^ckhoK IS 25 32 20.741
3 SHORTSTOPS.
fl "3 > B >
to c a g < .
3 " I- 3 3
name. * % " : ? ¦
• * ' ;
• • : : : :
Rank. :
1 Rellly C 13 13 2.928
2 Frankg H 34 4! S .919
3 Lockhfead 24 12 SS 13 .SS0
4 Babbitt '¦ 9 12 24 S .878
5 Kacan 34 69 113 37 .S75
6 Reitz » M 21 6.854
7 Pceples ...•- 1" IS -10 10 .853
S Sohmeer 24 46 SI 23 .847
9 Krag : 5 14 19 9.785
_ 1
CATCHERS.
_____ _______
p c a 1 P <
3 " S- ° I 3
S o » ? 2. J5
kame. ': 5 : : ?
' V : \ : I :
• ¦ : • 5» ¦
Rank. • : : : • :
1 Mangerlna 11 B3 24 1 1 .973
2 Hammond 24 126 33 10 1.935
3 Pace 33 1G7 U 9 6.933
4 Sullivan 16 70 37 7 4.916
5 Stanley 33 S5 32 6 6.914
6 Schwartz 19 68 22 11 5 .849
" PITCHERS.
9 3 _" 2 t £
3 *"*¦ SI o j_ "
NAME. ' f I F " 2 I
• ? : : S •
• ; ; ; ro •
Rank. • • • • : :
1 Iburg 19 5 44 1 1 .962
2 Hughes 15 7 41 1 1.960
A Harper 14 1 40 2 0 .954
4 KtefTanl 17 2 '.7 2 1 .912
5 Whalen 18 - 2 39 2 1.909
6 Doyle 16 6 39 5 0 .900
7 Fitzpatrick - 17 8 52 ,3 5.882
8 Mo.kiman 6 2 13 0 2 -SSl
9 Salisbury .'. 5 1 13 • 2 0.875
10 Bevllle 13 9 20 4 0 .871
11 Borchers 5 49 3 0 .812
FIELDERS. — ™—
O 1 >• W >
a c g q <
3 " £• ° t
NAME. " : c ? j
Rank. : • • • •
1 AIcHale ; n 30 4 0 1000
2 Hughes ie 30 3 1 .976
3 Courtney 21 28 6 1 .971
4 Drennan 20 S3 2 3 .966
5 HUdebrand 35 4S 8 4.933
6 Morrow 33 47 7 4 .932
7 Pyne 10 27 0 /S 1.931
8 Doyle 17 23 3 2 .928
9 JHardle 21 32 5 ¦ 3 .925
2 McCarthy 28 4S 2 4.925
11 Levy .. 82 67 2 6 .920
1? Brockhoff 17 86 € 4 .9J3
13 Dunle&vy 27 29 6 4 .896
14 Shanahan 26 45 3 6 .888
15 J RIOFkiman 32 53 2 7 .SS7
? Mclaughlin 34 61 5 9 .SS7
17 Kn.g 21 35 2| 7.811
TEAM BATTING.
a > » a to -a
v> —¦ c s> jr <*
§ 3 » S. 3
? % "• a * 3
Jia nk. • • . . • *
1 Oakland 35 1709 143 2S7 74 ->49
2 Sacramento ............. 35 11S3 184 279 104 "230
3 San Francisco 35 1203 164 1 277 47 230
4 Stockton 33 1050|U9|225 92 ]2U
¦ TEAM FIKLDINQ. • ~"
" .. ¦ ' O 3 > H *
• . P — 00 -1 f»
3 "• a 2 ¦ 2
N J 0 ! 3 i
club. ! r § ? : i
• • : f '•' <n
'. '. ' I . ¦*'
Rank. . ;, .*li •' : • : :
1 Stockton 33 840 413 85 .936
2 Oakland. 85 960 474 103.933
_ Sacramento-...; 85 941455 120,921
4 Ean Francisco.... ,v;| 35 904 468 134 '.911
145
184
IM;
HSj:
t)
o
I
1 Stockton
2 Oakland
t Sacramento
4 Ean Francisco... ....... ...i.
33
35
S5
35
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
# 8t«amers leav« Broadway
h^ wharf, San Francisco:
i\nte»». I'or Alaskan rorts—lt a. m.,
l?t*£S3?k. Ju!v 10 < 15> -°- '''' 3fl- AUgUSt
K^Sj"52Ss^ 4. Chanse to company's steam-
K»T EgMV^Hi ers at Seattle.
K^SsSS v\3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
KJS^i^^^al C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^**W*iJ*?aJ Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortea
an(i New Whateom (Wash.)—
¦^ 11 a. m.. July 10. flS, 20. 23.
30. August 4, and every fifth day ther^ajfter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y.; at Taeoma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay—S p. m.. July
7. 12. 17, 22. 27, August 1. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Antreles) and Newport —
9 a. m.. July 6, 10. 14, 18, 22. 28, 30. August
3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Fort
Los Ansreles and Redondo (Los Anfe!es> —11 a.
m., July 8. 12. 16. 20, 24, 2S, August 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mazdalena Bay, San Jose del
Capo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas iMexico) —]0 a. m., 7th ot each
, month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. "
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
Street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0, R, & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharl at 11 a. m.
PA PC $12 First Class including Birii
IMriL $8 Second Clast and \Ua\i.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 12. 21. Augr. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27. Aue. «
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Genera! Agrent,
630 Market St..
GOODALL. PERKINS- A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
mtW T03K. SOUTHAKPXOH. L0MDOS. VAXO.
v Stopping at. Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. tn.
New York July llfSt. Louis July 25
St. Taul July lS'New York August 8
RED STAF{ LINi.
New York, cod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland July lliSouthwark July 25
Friesland July lSIWesterniand ..August 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
80 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. "OHIO" from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
points, June 30, July 31, August SO. For rates
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montjoraery street.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m. —
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of satllns.
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10, 1500
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 1D0O
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAONIB QINFBALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of <^W7vr*s
Saturday, from November 2, 1S99. at ****/»
10 a. m., from-.Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA LORRAINE, July 12: LA BRE-
TAGNE. July 19; LA CHAMPAGNE, July 26;
LA TOURAINE, August 2. First class to
Havre. $82 W and upward. Second class to
Havre. $33 and upward: E per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY TOP.
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
HAiYlBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
<PARIS> AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSEXGKR SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.37 B'dw'y N.T.
PARIS HOTEL. ACCOMMODATION
Reserved Jf secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California St., corner Sansome, S. F.
Oceantc s. s. co.-noxonn.ij, apia
AUCKLA5O ASD.8YDXE1-.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu), to New Zea-
land and Australia....Wed., July II, 8 p.m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. July 25. 2 p. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. f!4 Montgomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St FreightOttce.327 Market Si.
BAT AND BIVEK STEAJffERS.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.\ Tues.. tVed-. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; S:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15C8.
FARE .., BOc.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
HQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 22, M0A.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MIIX V.ALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS—7:00. *8:M. 8:20. 11:00 a. m-i
12:43. »1:45. »:15. 4:13, *5:15. 6:13. 6MJ p. m
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sunday*, at 9:04 and 11:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS—7:00. •S:CO. •9:00. •10:00. 11:00, 11:10
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. •»:«*, 5:00, S:W. 1:20
p. in.
11:00 a. m. does oot run to San Rafael Saa-
dayB.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—4:36. *f:30. 7:50, 8:40. «10:15 a.
in.; 12:S0, 1:15. 2:15. #a:30. 4:30, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at •6:43 and 10:29 p. m.
SUNDAYS—«:15. *8:«). »3:5O. *ll:0Oa. m.: «12-CO I
m.; 1:00. 2:15. #3:30. 4:»0. •5:45, 6:45. 1^0. lB^l
p. m.
Trains marked <•) sUrt from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—6:M. «:45, 8:C0. 8:55. 10:i0 a,
xn-: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. S:30. 4:50. 5:20 r»- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Weduesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS—€:S5, 8:05. 10^5. 11:10 a. m.; 12:13.
1:20 2:30. 1:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:05. 10:JO p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. -week days —Oazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays—Cazadero.and way na-
tions.
E:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays—Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. ni. Sundays—Point Reyes and way
stations.
WABASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
FROM
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
AND BOSTON.
The finest, fastest and best equipped train
out of Chicago, with NO EXTRA CHARO.E
for. superior accommodations.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Agt.
Los Anzeles, CaL
C. S. CRANE. G. P. A*t..
St. Louis. Mo.
STOUAGK AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS.. Etorase aad moving: covered
vans. Tenth ar.d Market: phor.s South 762.
PACIFIC Stcrag? and Furniture Mcvlne Ccna-
lar.y, tO^3 Killmorv tt.: pnone Jackson ISt.
BEIQXS Van .inti Ftorace Co.. T22 Mission Et..
tel. ?.5:i!*> 1^» r . — Pnckinff. movinpr ami ttt^ras:'.
TVrEAVniTEItS AND StrFLIlSS.
GREAT UAHGAINS IN TTFeWRITBRS— W«
ecll bctur njachitifs fcr less money than any
hcuse in tht- city: r«nta!s, 53. Th- Typewriter
CKrIian**. OS <"alif<-irr;<a. floplir re Main JH6
ALiMJAliiiTWMiE
at-amiT-na BBAI. KSTATK.
$^ M-LOT VxiW; fir.eFt location oa'xrentral
n\e. ; with 8 <vi hou^* nf 9 rooms.
K. r>. JUDD CO..
U2i Park Ft.. Alameila_
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nCHKELEY IU;\I. ESTATE.
J.T7 u— I/yVBE#T new 7-room house on Durant
ave.. n«>ar college; terms to suit. O. G ilAY
& CO. '
P00-rF{XB cimer lot in the Hllleeasa Tract!
o. O. MAY & CO.
$fi&V-KINn lot in the scenic park near college.
O. <i MAY & <'O.. Berkeley Station.
Ciso-XKIV, modern house of 6 rooms, bath-
room and laundry; hardwood finish; 1 block
from university and Herkeley station. See
umrmtr at V.ll Addlson et.
OAKLAND ABYERTJSEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD Fl'RMTIHE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to ycu from H. BcbeUhaaa. the
furr.iturp dpaler. 11th an.] Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND AOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Hank of Fan Francisco. At a. regrular me«»t-
jnc of the Board of Directors of this hank,
held July 3. PM, a dividend was declared for
the hall year ending June 30. 1S01, nt the rate
i.f »=even <7) p<?r cent per annum, payable on
and after the ltith !nst. Transfer hooks will
be closed from the J'th to the i«th inet. both
days inclusive. GEORGE GRANT,
July 3, 1&00. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— THE C5IANT POWDEIt
COMPANY. CON. A dividend. No. 19, of sev-
cr.'.y-flve cents (75c) per share on the issued
capital Ft'»ck of the company has l>een de-
clared payable at the office of the company.
430 California Ftreet. San Francisco, on July
10th. 3«cj. Transfer books close July Sd. 19*.
at noon. A. A. SPAItKS, Secretary.
THE Continental BuiMinp and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Sansorae sts.,
for the half year endinp June 30, 1!*». has de-
clared a divioend of i per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits: 6 per cent on term de-
polity; in per cent to Class "F" ftock, and 12
per cent tn Claps "A."
CAPT. OLIVER KLDKIIXJE. Tresident.
WILLIAM CORBIX. Secretary.
HDXBOU9T Savings and I»an Society. 18
GeRr>' Ft.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing F»nn-annual divirier.d?: 3.*Vi per cent
r>er Mnnum on term and 8 per cent per an-
num or crdinarv detwits. pavalile on and
after Jajy 2. IHOB. HRXEST BRAKD. Pec.
I'ROI'OSALS.
PROPOSALS for npar^Jos— Depot Qiiart^rmas.
ter » ofiice. 3? New Montgomery street. San
Vmricifcn. Cal., July 5. 1900. Sealed proposals.
ir. duplicate, will be received at this office un-
til It o'clock a. m.. July 2L 1S00, PacSic
F # ar.>'.ard time, and then opened for furni>h-
inp £S0 aparejos Complete, and extra parts.
I'rereitni-e arJU be ffivn to articles cf domes-
tic production an<l manufacture. conJitions
of price anil o,ua!lty KiolnR equal < including In
the price of foreipn production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and ruch pretprer.ee
»i!i i*e given to articles .*f American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the i'acifie
C>i3f' to the extent of the consumption re-
<;uiiv.! by the public service ther^. The United
Ftaic* re*ervei t!i° right to accept or reject
any or r.ll proposal* or any part thereof.
Information and blanka for proposals wl'.l
I* furoijhpd on spjiltcatlon. Envelopes ccn-
tainir.g proposalc will ;.e endorsed "Pro-
posals for Aparejos, No. EM7.7 and adiireissed
t« Mr*, r OSCAR F. I/)NG. Quartermaster
I". S". Vctm— DejMt Quartermasfer.
ilAKBIAGE LICENSES!
The f( !l r >Ti-!r!s marrlajre liccrifes were Issued
ynntidayt
M^'o.ilm n. McLeod, 23. Fort Brags, and |
Alv« T. Jordan, 22. Fcrt Bragg.
Sainuel Badler. r*. 4^3 Leavenworth ftrect, t
and Lily '"antrowlth, 'J 4 . 403 I>>avenwcrth ft.
<.'harie«! N. Pecker. 30, city, and Enillle O. E.
Wattiiev.«. 2S, city.
Aaus F. Sewell. «, city, ar.d Lille Wetl, 25.
city.
\Vi!!:am Kflier, 27. Wl Sutter street, and
(VUheteQaa R. WlM. M. Alr&rada
A'frei f. Ueyr.o!dj, 27. 13f'l Vallejo street,
ar1 Kcima J. Oarcia, If. Ol»ma.
Msx Davidson. 2s 31 Lafayette Ftreet, and"
Alrr.a ITerzfeld. IS, 30 I^afayette Ftreet.
BlB!BS|4tABBm§DEMs|
Birth, marriage and death notice? sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at ritber o/ the publication offices and be
Jniior^ed with the narne end residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BO EN.
HART-In Alameda. June 13. 10C0. to the wife
of iv-rt Hart, a daughter.
6EVKRIN— In this city. July 5. li-00, to the !
wife of K. Antcn Severin, a son.
eMIl'H— In this city. July I. 1500, to the wife
of William A. Smith, a daughter.
mabried~
IIILI^— LOEWEL- In Kisson. Siskiyou County.
July 3. IMQ, Charles A. Hill and Carrie Lue-
wel, both of Fan Francisco.
~DIEIL
Cohn. n^Eina. Miller. Hertha
Daley, Jerry illnton. Felice L.
Fa!!s. William G. ilitchfl!. David
Feie. Seaman Mitchell. Elizabeth
Getz. M»r>- A. liulvin. Mary
Harrison. IWva Schmidt. Antonette
Jensen. Rouble IL Stanoiirh. Llila M.
Jone?. Edith F. Htorm. E(!«!n W.
Lindfay. Thomas Tayrtor. I^wis E.
Lee Wcng Bang Wentworth. Mary H.
COHN-In thi« city. jUly e. l£-iO. ITegina. be-
loved wife or l^r, «; ( .hn. and *i?ter of Mrs. K. I
EJia.«. Air*-. L. 15a.-r of Oakdale. Saul I^ow- i
er.bcrf c»f Visalia anl Itichard Lowenberi? of
Tuscarora. -N'ev.. a native of Germany, aged !
S3 years.
OALEV-In this city. Julv €. 1508. at the resi- i
dence of his aunt. Ci Pleasant street Jerrv j
beloved son of Jeremiah and Elizabeth Daley I
&vA brother of Nellie and John Ouley, a na- !
tive of Jersey City, N. J., agod II years and i
22 <iaye.
FALLS — In Lof AnEe-Ies, Cal.. July 3 IS00 i
Georgre Falls, dearly beloved son of '
Mr?. A. F. and the late Colonel I>. J. Falls '
and nethew of Mrs. M. O. \V;!i;ams. a na- j
tive <d' San Francisco, agr-d "2 years 11 inunths
-• •¦ ! 19 days.
CT3"Fr1epds and ncquaintancs are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
f Sunday), Rt 1:30 o'clock, from Grace M. E. I
Church, corner Twenty-flnst and Capp streets J
Interment Cypress Uwii CetneUry by car-
riage. Kemalns at the home of his mother.
BS Cari 1 *trctt.
FEIG— In Osliland, July 6. IMQ, Seaman Feig, I
l(elo\>.d son of Alexander Feljt, and brother I
<f Mike, Haphael end Joseph Feig and Mrs. '
- A»w> Filverstf-in, a native of San Francisco, j
.'tc^d 3ti years.
GKTZ- In UUa city. July 6. 1900. Mary Anner I
Gctz. a native of Germany. ?.se<) »s yoare.
HAUmSuN-In this city. July S. 1908, BelvaJ i
1-eJovc-d <lau>4lutr of W. H. an«l «."arolln»? Har- ;
ris^.r.. a nari%-«? of San Francisco, aged 2 !
months- end 'j da vs.
E^The funeral will take place this diiy j
<?titurrtay). at 2 o'cloclt. from the residence
of Um parents. ?1 Zoe street. Interment Mount j
Caivjiry Cemetery. :
JKXSK.V-In this city. Ju'y C. 1M». Sophie Hoe- j
pelle StStMtn, dearly bf-lnved rfauphter of An- j
<jrcw J 1 . an>l Mary Jensen, a native of Sacra- j
r.icnio, Cal.. aged 2 years 6 months and 26 i
rtayr. " - j
JON'KS— In this city. July C. 'l9C0. Kdith F.. i
beloved dbu»rhi«r of David and .Senah Jones,
a native cf .c an Francisco, aged 4 yearn 5
rfiTThg vrA 4 dayt.
ItENRY «J. GALLAGHER CO..
¦ (Succowon: to Flnnnapan A- Gallagher).
DANIKL P. DONOVAN. Mtr.
FCN'F-RAL iJlItECTOl'.S AND KMHALMEKS.
20 Firth rt.. op;x>sft« Lincoln School.
Telephone South id.
p- — t 3u_m, m l -iLi.m ... mi ii ««. "m
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery jlssociKion. j
8AW FSATiCi C«>. CAL.
OBaf^^nB Y AS A "EMBER CF ANi ]
vi. .A.M/AT1OK having « i>re«ldin» o.'flcer
r*r rel "?' tl: * char se far cremation, a cop-
cro^r.t 7 "" u ' r mt>rn *>era or the family. J
CEOBOE a. FLETCHER, SuperlBteadcnt. . [ I
RAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
.- ... . . , ¦ . ¦ .
G-o Tito
Antloch — 9AM 4:10 PM 8PM
Baksrsfield. -3 AM 8 PM
Chicago ....9 htt
Mm SAM
Fresno 9AM 8PM
Hantord — 9AM 8PM
hliet 9 AM
Kansas City.. 9 AM
Uavenwarth - 9 A M
Msreed 9AM 8PM
Newton — SAM
Phoenix -...9AM
Stockton ... 9 A M 4:10 PM 8pm
Tiilare 9 AM 8 PM
Visalia 9AM " 8PM
Williams ...-9_AM
A New_Route*
628 Market Street and Ferrj Depot
O4IO8
¦•OTOBBB PACIFIC COrirMBX.
(nciriu avsTMf.)
Train* !•»»• •••»•« «r. .!»• •• .rrtv* m
MAN nUNCWCAi
(Main Una, Foot of Uiriet Street)
tKATB — Fkom Mat IX 1900. — aMW
•7:00* Banlcia. SiiUun, Elxnlra, V»o»tIU%
Kuaney«uJ b&craiueutn *7i4|Sv
•7:00a ShiiU Kiprfw-Dim W tUUm*(fo»
Bkrtlett SpriDOX Wiilow*, Rod
Biufl. l>erti»u<t Tt-iSy
•7tS«A »l»rtiiioJi. a*u i:»aion. V*ll«Jo. Smpm.
C'»l;»t<n» »iid S»nl» Koaa *«ilSp
•8«00a Dii»U. Woudl»nd. Kuljhu Lsndloc
>Urji«iUe. Orotilia. •7:W»
•SiOOa AUaatla Rxpi«M-Ozaait anJ Kent *llitS«
•liSOtSan Jot*. Lirenoutr. OtuckS.ni.
loita. Hftermmento. PUeenlUa,
Mar<«? lUt. Chlco. Kail mud Mil»r
•»iao* O*k!a>. Chine** (for Yoiemlte).
Sjuot*. C»rt«r». Miia»
•9:OO* Hiywanls, Ni.cd and W»j Hutioni. *1 1:15*
1 •»:O«a Lo« An^slea Czprau — Uartiuea,
Tr»cr. Xatlirop. rtiocktou. Meieed
amtFrettio "•!«»
•H::r»l V .•»:!.¦),.. M»itiue« aad Way SUtious '»i»V
•|O:OU« Tbe OtarUnd Limited— Of d«o. Dm*
vex. Umaha. Chicagt *9lt3v
•IIiOOa Kilts. l.l»»rnK.re. Htootton. Haors-
mm>- MendGte. lUuloid. VUaUa.
Po»l«tfiUa •«USf
•I ?:O<»m Ilaywrrdi, Mlei and Way Btatloui. *•¦»> t*r
JliOOp «»eram«nt« liltar Stoummi f3:0tt«
•:t;O»r ll*y«a.->li. Nilra and Waj Button*. •"»; ir.r
Msour M.utliw*. K»i. llaniou. Vallo^o.
Nip*. UalUtnxK, S»nta Kou 'IH1 ¦»•
•»n»»r Bcnivia, Winlexs, Hacraaiaoto,
Woutllaud. K night* Uadlii*,
M irj»r;;ir, Orovllie a IO:«S*
*4iSOp Nile?. San JoManttHtiNktOD *7:I»#
*3:«OrTke Owl I.lcilted— Tracr. Frtmo,
i;j.k»r*a^U. xau <ii« tut a»uta l«*x»
bar*. t.<» Aiik-!e» •»:!*»
•SiAOp Fresno raa.«Bnger— Marti»««, Lath*
rop, Stiicktun, Met coil, ileread»
(lUymood for Yoatruif-). Ki*iiio. . *13:!*»
•3(S*)rK«w )j!m.d« Expr«w-l^ke»lifil<I.
Hautk lUrlnu. l.ua AliC^les. U«U>*
lug. El 1'nu, New Crlcau* aad
Eul •"»«*
•SiSOr NauU F» Ilimin— AtUnilc Exprew
f.ir M.»j».» ami Ka*» *«t:ISf
•liMr naytrards. Nile* «»•! r>au Jo» *7:l*4
««i««r V»lleji» "I 2:137
•tttttur Oriental Klall-Ogilen. Cbejenu*.
Omaha, Chi«4x:> 'II:***
••iC0rOrlei.Ul Mill— Viiea. Denver.
Omar. a. Chicagn *ll!3f
t?tOOp Vallnjo. r, it Vomta and Way Sta-
tk.ii. t9>34»
•8i«ap Oregon and CallfornU Ki ptvaa. H»>
IHiiianti), M»r;-n.i!'e. UeiMinV,
I'm'/.u.-l I-..--.L ,- I himI l^»> *tt»»>
COAST DlftHtoa (Narrow <<ap«e).
(foot <.% M .rkrt Htreel.t -
17r45A Bin^k Cruz Cicurnioii for SanU
Cruz and ruaet^al Way Station* :8:0^»
••lIBaNawark.OHi.t-r.i.Jr.Hvi Juse. 1-Vlt.m.
Houlilrr('tva«,!-:aii'.«Criil»iiJ Way
HUtioua •«;»•»
t*tl-lr Kawark C»iter»lll-. Baa .I;>af>, Na*
AlniKiieii. Krlturi, lloul.icr Crvek,
Santa i'.vxt and 1'riuelpal Way
Sutlm.a |l»:n«4
•4>t»p Newark. Nu .loan. \.n* CSatn* •Mi»**
a4i!5r Ol«nwoo.l. Fa'.tnn. Hant» Cru» «*:»•>,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrwSll rauC^CO-?o«t «f Sirkit Strut (SUt I)—
•7:15 ICO 21:00*. M. 1 133 *133 13:00
M:03 tS:C3 *8::3f.i».
rr«0iIU»D— r.,t»f Br»ad«.T.— "COO 8:00 10.00. .¦.
112:33 •1:C3 t2:03 '3:33 t»:03 •IQSr.M.
COAST DlflMIO.1 (Knw.MJ.tnsf).
(Thlnl ai.d Io.viiscimI His.)
t«il«A Ucmii View. Houtb Man Fra.ai-.iaen.. »«i*»»
tisOUt H>u Joas hmI War »Uti..na (New
4>inad«>i \Ve.lnftid»y» >>iily) *liSO»
I7iS0a Sandaj Eicunion f r flan Joml
8ant» Cm. PaclSc G.-o»a and
rrindpal Waj Stations X» «»3»
•tiOUi Han Taaa. Trn> 1'ii.wt. M»nt» <"ru*.
Paciilc «ii. .to. l-nn.. rtafclam Hau
I.nia Ol,i»iM>, 'rurf, F.on^poe anu
rrii.cljml War Ktatlun* MrlwT
•IO><«* San Jixe ami Way .iUlinnn •«:X1*
•llt3O« Han Jose, LosCiltosamt Wa;Htatioiia *3:3Or
t^s I5r San M*f». K ,->lw,«!. Meoln Park.
Palo Alto. .1.111 1» Clara. H«u .Irnni.
Tre* Finos. Haatji C'rna, Salinas,
MoutejeT ami facISc Grofe fJOrlHU
t3:3npKan.Iot«an>1 Way Stations •T:3nr
M:13r SaaJoaaaiiil Trineicial W»y .Stations •UsI.Yi
fS:OVrSan Jose. IWUtxto* and Principal
Way .Htatious t»:0«»*
•5: so r San Jose ami Principal Way Station* t«::»A
*A:»0p San Jose ami Way Station* tVn'U
ftl;45r San Joe* ami Way Station* •l-.iOr
A for Moruing P lor Aftarnoon.
'Daily. t Hunrta» •icepted. | Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
M fcUmdaj acd Sunday t Sunday tad Mao<»Jl
CALIFORNIA NOSTHWESTEfiN RY. CO.
LESSEB
SAN FBAKCISCO AND NORTH PAGIPIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry. Foot of Alarket St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN ItAKAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:M. 9:C0. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:20, J:10. C:30 p. n. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 p. m.
6VNDATS-!:M. 9:33, 11:00 a, rau; 1:80, 1:30.
5:CO. «:» d. m.
SAK RAFAEL* TO SAN FRAJJCTSCXX
WEEK DATS— 6:10. T:S9. »:». 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
8:10. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:£S and C:33 o. m.
6TNDATS- 8:10. t:4O. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:«U
1:05. «:25 p. m. . .
Between Saa Fr&nclsco aad Sciustzen Putt
iame tchedule as above-
Leave I In Effect. I ArrtT*
Ban Francisco. |Apr. 15. 1900-1 San Frand»c<x
Week J Sua- I I Sua- I We«*
Days. [ daya. | Deattnatlon.] daja. I Day*.
7:30 am IKMam Novatcx 10:40 ami 8:40 am
1:31pm l:S0iim Petaluma. «:C5 pm|10:2S aa»
8:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm| *:20 pm
Fulton.
1:80 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburx-
Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
t:30pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. T:S5 pn> <:3>pio
1:30 ami I Hopland I |10:M an»
»:» pml 8:00 ami and LTtloh. | 7:35 pral <:20 pta
j ; ;0 an 10:23 an*
3:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pn
8:S0pm C:20 pn>
7:33 azn I 8:00 am Sonoma t:15am 8:40 ana
1 and
8:18 pml 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:05 pm «:g> pm
7:30 ami 8:C0 ami !10:40 am|10:23 a«t\
S:30 pm| 5:C0 pm| Eebastcpol. | 7:33 pm! 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rorji for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lyttcn Springs: at
Oeysprvllle for Skaers Springs: at Cloverdalo
for the Geysem: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring. H!shinnd Springs. Keineyville. Carls-
bad Sprlnss. Soda B*y. Lakeport and Bartlett
Fprinifa: at TTklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Bprinss. Blue L 'tes. Laurel I>e!l Lake. Witter
Sp-lncs, Upp»r Lake. Peitio. Potter Valley.
John Day'*, nivertlde, Uerley'*, BuclcneU's.
Banhe<* In Kelxhts. Hullvlll*. Orr*» Hot
Bprlngs. Menrtoclna. City. Fort Brarx. 'West-
port. ITsa). Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Spriass, Harris, Ol&en's. Dyer. Scotls
and* Eureka.
Saturday to 5'ondiy round trio ticUcts at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevortd San Rafa«t n* half rates.
Tlck»t nfflcps. «i0 Market «t.. Chrcr>Ii?li» bids.
H. C. WinTINO. P.. X. HYA-W
Genaral Manaser. Oen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT !PAMALPAI3 SOBKIO RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS..'J:30 a. m.. l:4i and t:13 p. m.
StTNDAYS S. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. l:a). 2:30 p. m.
Fare Pan Francisco to Summit and return, tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPA1S NOW OPKN.
dT "^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ifjrll-rt In !.1.> I tor Vac treatmcr.* ci Private
|7jX?k jtj i¥ Diseases, Lest ManhiMid D;'hility or
•iST/^S??*^*^ disease wearing on iwxtyancl mind and
a^W&ISbtfWSjSIcinlttaeaaeSL The<loctorc:irc:iwnen
: S> >^'n3ntcersfcJl. Try him. Chnrg:a» low
i^daaf?i&SiJ«'i«rT*BrnJ»rnnt're I. Callorwrl:«,
Dr.J.*'. «if ni:o^'> Box lt»37.dan Krauciaco
Wnffly Calfioo BerYear
LINDSAY-In San Mateo, July 5. 1900, Thomas
Lindsay, beloved husband x>f Mary J. Lind-
say, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years and 11
months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
I.-O. O. F. building. San Mateo, under the
auspices of Haywards Lodge No. 226. V. and
A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Friends from city take 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets to ceme-
tery.
LEE WONG SONG— In the City and County
Hospital. July 6, 1900. Lee Wong Sons, a na-
tive of China, aged 40 yea«.
MILLLIl— !n this city. July 6. l?00. Bertha,
dearly beloved wife cf Charles H. Miller, a
native of Ijorlin, Germany, aged 43 years 2
months i'r.tl 21 days.
CCTFritrn.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitc-U to attend the funeral to-morrow
cSunr^y), at 1:3k o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 12 Collingwood street, between Seven-
teenth and Kightecnth, and thence to the Odd
Fellows' Crematorium, where the remains will
be incinerated.
JIIXTO.\- At the Fi-ench Hospital. July 6, 1300,
Felice L., beloved wife of William M. Mln-
ton of Honolulu, and mother of William M.
Uinton Jr., nped 3« years 7 months and 24
days. (Honolulu. New Tork. Chicago and
New Orleans papers please copy.)
tT5"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MITCHELL-In Colma. July 4. 1900, David.
l>c-lovc-d t=i.n of William Mitchell, and brother
of Sarah E. Beal and Rudolph. William,
Henry and Ucse K. Mitchell, a native of San
Fraivisco. ajred 22 years.
E^TFrlpnti? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sund:iy). at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the i'allfornia. Undertaking- rCompany. 405
Poweii street, near Post. Interment Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery-
MITCHELL— In Colma. July 4. 1900, Elizabeth,
t*!ov«l wife of William Mitchell, and step-
muther of Sarah E. Beal and Rudolph. Wil-
liam. Henry and the late David and Rose E.
Mitchell, a native of New York, aged 42
years.
fj" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California I7ndertakinK Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
I-awn Cemetery.
MULVIN— In this city, July 5, 1300, Mary, be-
loved wife of William Mulvln, and mother of
J. K. and Mary B. Mulvin. a native of Gal-
way, Ireland, aged S5 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
resitier.ee. 22 Rondel place, thence to Mis-
sion Polores Church, where a requiem high
mass ¦Rill be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city. July 6. 1900. Anton-
ette A., youngest and beloved daughter of
Herrmann and Wilhelmine Schmidt, and sis-
ter of Di.ra. Frledrlch. William. Catl F., Ber-
tha A. and Eveline A. Schmidt, a native of
San Francisco, aged R months and 14 days.
STANOVICH-In this city. July ~ 1900. Ella
M., beloved wife of Robert J. Stanovlch, sis-
ter of Mrs*. Louis Heitz. Mrs. W, H. Monroe,
C. G. Davis and Mrs. G. P. Dakin of Calls-
t<^a, Cal., and mother of Mrs. J. J. Mans-
field, a native of t'allstopa, Cal., aged 3S
year?.
STORM— In this city. July 6. 1900. Edwin W..
h*-loved ton of Victor and Caroline Storm, a
native of Mendoclno County, Cal.. aged 1 year
and 3 months.
CyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. & South Broderick street, end of Four-
teenth street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by 11:10 o'clock train from Twenty-
sixth aiid Valencia street!".
TAVNTOR-In Oakland, July 5. 1900, Lewis E.,
dearly beloved son of Eliza and the late Eld-
win K. Tayntor, and nephew of Edward Ed-
wards, a native of Brooklyn, N. T.
C^Funeral services will he held this day
(Saturday), at 12:30. o'clock sharp, at his late
residence. S»l« Seventh street, I Oakland. In-
terment I>aurel Hill Cemetery at 3 o'clock.
WENTWORTH-In Oakland. July 5. 1900. Mary
Helen, beloved wife of I. M. Wentworth. and
mother of Mrs. Charles W. Stllwell, a native
of Hochester, N. H., aged BS years 2 months
and 1 day.
(T7Frlc-nds and aoquaintancrs are Vespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, at Ma-
sonic Temnle. corner of Twelfth and Wash-
ington Ftreetp, Oakland, under the auspices
of Oakland Chapter No. 140. O. E. S. Inter-
ment private. In I. O. O. F. Cemetery.Fatal Railroad Accident.
James McKay, a car repairer in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific Company,
who was injured in Oakland several days
aRO, died at the Railroad Hospital in this
city yesterday evening. Earlier in the
day McKay's left leg was amputated in
Oakland, after which h<* was brought to
this city.
Discussed Labor Topics.
At the San Francisco Labor Council last
night in regard to the boycott of Kutz
& Co. it was stated that Katchinski
of the Philadelphia shoe store on Third
street had signified his Intention of with
drawing his custom from the objection
able firm after his standing contracts had
been filled. The N'oonan Furniture Com
pany promised to discontinue the sale of
Oregon convict-made stoves. The secre
tary was Instructed to communicate with
the Board of Public Works to ask that
only union pavers and rammers work on
the public streets. It was stated that the
Equitable Gas Company is still employing
non-union pavers to the exclusion of union
hands.
A Course of Preparatory Instruction
for Pupils Deficient in Certain
Courses.
The preparatory classes and the third
academic class of St. Ignatius College
opened for the new term yesterday morn
ing, and quite a large number of pupils
were enrolled.
The advantages of the classes opened
yesterday are many, chief of which is the
preparation of pupils In the particular
branches in which they may prove defi
cient, and which otherwise might act as
a drawback to them during the scholastic
year. . .
The regular term of the college will be
inaugurated on the 6th of August.
NEW CLASSES OPENED AT
ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE
Authority on Belgian hares— Park News,
•very week. Mysall-Rollins, 22 Clay, Pub. • •
Bosenbaum's Will - Contested.
1 The long expected contest to the will of
the late Emll D. Rosenbaum, who died
Juno .4 last, ¦ leaving an . estate of j great
value, was filed -¦ yesterday. Albert M.
Rosenbaum, a brother of the deceased,
appears as the contestant. As grounds of
contest It is alleged that at the time of the
execution of the testament. August 22
1899. the testator was of unsound mind:
that; he was unduly influenced by divers
persons and was prejudiced by these same
persons ' against the contestant. Garret
W. ¦ McEnerney and Sidney M. Ehrman
appear as « coupsel f or-the- contestant." '¦ •¦'
Ladlf s' tailor-made suits, , silk akirts, fur
capce; liberal credit.' M. Rothschild, 526 Sutter. •
Mrs. Rickard Pays Judgment.
An order dismissing the injunction is
sued by Judge Bahrs restraining Mrs.
Mattie Rickard, daughter of R. H. Mc-
Donald, from disposing of her personal
property until a Judgment entered against
her in favor of the defunct People's Home
Savings Bank for 559.000- was satisfied, has
been dismissed. It is said that Mrs. Rick
ard has paid $55,000 on the judgment and
as soon as she can realize on the personal
property that was tted up under the in
junction she will satisfy the balance. Al
though it is said Mrs. Rickard will satisfy
the judgment, she will not waive her right
to appeal if so advised.
Xre Blanche Is Penitent.
Mrs. Catherine Le Blanche, who was
shot by her husband in the Webb House,
Second street, early Sunday morning-, was
taken from the Receiving Hospital to St.
Luke's Hospital yesterday afternoon. Her
husband will defray all her expenses, and
before she was taken away she frankly
said that so far as her husband was con
cerned she would not prosecute him. That
means that P. J. Curtln. the private de
tective, against whom she was so bitter
for holding her while her husband shot
her, will also escape prosecution. Attor
ney O'Brien, who represents Mrs. L©
Blanche, had promised to have her re
moved to St. Mary's Hospital Wednesday,
but there was a hitch somewhere. Thurs
day night Mrs. Roylance, who was placed
on: a cot near her. moaned so badly that
Mrs. Le Blanche could not get any sleep
and was fretful and impatient to get out
of the hospital. Her wish was gratified
yesterday afternoon.
The Constable , at Vacaville telephoned
to the Chief of Police of this city last
night that H. H. Young, a San Francisco
machinist, had been found dead by a
roadside near that place. Details were
omitted.
Died by a Roadside.
MANAGER AND PORTER
MIX AT HOTEL RAFAEL
Baggageman's Grievance That He
Was Discharged Because of a
Recent Burglary.
There was an exciting setto at Hotel
Rafael yesterday morning between Man
ager F. V. Halton and John B. McCue,
the second porter, ¦which resulted in the
arrest of McCue on" charges of disturbing
the peace and battery. Many of the most
prominent guests in the hotel were wit
nesses to the affair, and when the cases
come up for trial before Justice of the
Peace George Rodden next Tuesday they
may be required to appear as witnesses
In behalf of the defendant.
• The trouble started about 7:40 a, m., just
as many prominent business men were
leaving the hotel to catch the early train.
Half an hour before McCue had been dis
charged because, as he claims, he had
been forced to throw a burglar out of the
hotel on last Tuesday night, and Man
ager Halton did not w r ant him to tell the
story to the guests, who had become
frightened. Halton claims that he dis
charged McCue because the latter was un
ruly and loud-mouthed and had more than
once made trouble about the office.
When Manager Halton notified McCue
that his "services were' no longer wanted
about the hotel" the latter demanded lu
know why he had been discharged and
asked for a recommendation. The man
ager' denied both the demand and the re
quest. A dispute followed, which resulted
In Halton telephoning to City Marshal
Heaiy for assistance.
McCue left the office, but reappeared
half an hour later. Just as the business
men were preparing to take the early bus.
He again demanded to know why he had
been discharged and denied a recommen
dation of good service. Being again met
with a refusal he declared that the man
ager was unfair, a hypocrite and numer
ous other things. Halton told him to keep
quiet and keep off the place, but McCue
would not down.
The men closed in and it looked as if
blows would surely be struck. Halton
seized the porter by the shoulder and then
put his hand back as If to draw a pistol.
McCue placed both hands against the
manager and repeated his previous as
sertion, but gradually backed, out of the
hotel and climbed into the bus. which
drove off to the station. He was over
hauled on the road by Constable Treancr
and arrested. He furnished $25 bail.
Manager Halton says he believes tho
story of the burglary, but denies that
McCue was discharged on that account.
The three men arrested Thursday on
suspicion of having slain Mrs. William
Mitchell and her son David near Colma on
July 4 were charged with the crime of
murder at Redwood City yesterday. The
evidence against them is not only cir
cumstantial, based on the existence of a
terrible- and long-HVed feud, to which the
victims and their suspected slayers were
parties, but positive, extending to the
identification of the prisoners by the aged
William Mitchell, their actions at the
scene of the crime and their purchase of
the weapons with which the foul crime
was . committed.
The most important testimony that will
be placed in the hands of the prosecution
is that of I. Bachmann, a gunmaker at 729
Clay street, this city. At this man's shop
the guns were purchased, together with
the cartridges that were scattered about
the house and premises and which were
afterward found by the police. The sale
was made on July 3 and the buyers were
*rank Lemoscher and Caesar Ehlers.
.fc-acn took away one gun. Albert Gayer
was not with them, but the evidence that
he used one of tho weapons comes from
another source.
.The men were charged by Sheriff Joe
Mansfield primarily on the evidence of
William Mitchell, the husband and father
of the murdered people. Mitchell swears
that he saw Lemoscher shoot; that Gayer
passed around and up the hill with a rifle
in his hand and that Ehlers was in the
Imsand house in the dusk of that event
ful night. He says he cannot be mistaken
and identified all the men at Redwood
City. After this story had been told each
man was taken from his ceil and the
charge of murder placed opposite his
name on the prison books. A letter which
contains much regarding the bitterness of
tne feud in the colony of hog ranchers is
also said to have been discovered and will
throw much light on the tragedy.
Bought Guns of Bachmann.
As a completing link in the chain of evi
dence that has been cast about the sus
pects comes the statement of Bachmann,
the gunrr.aker. He was reluctant to talk
at first, saying that he did not wish to
be put In the light of an informant against
his own countrymen. He however admits
that Ehlers and Lemoscher came to his
place on the afternoon of July 3 and asked
to look at some rifles. He showed them
many and they finally purchased two
weapons, both 32 caliber, shooting a 32-44
bullet. They paid for a box of cartridges
and then left his place. From his conver
sation, which was closely guarded, Bach
mann intimated that the accused had
talked much of the crime and that their
guilt was known from one end of the
Swiss colony to the other. To-morrow he
will make a complete statement to the
police and Sheriff Mansfield will come to
this city on purpose to subpoena him as a
witness.
The shots that brought the unfortunate
woman and her son to their fate must
have been fired from these guns. Tl-e
empty cartridges found on the floor of
the Imsand house are proof of this.
Mitchell Protects His Dog-.
There is. however, one piece of evidence
which the officials cannot secure without
the taking of another life. Mitchell's dog
that was shot carries- a bullet somewheru
in its body. Its limbs are paralyzed, but
•t still lives. Sheriff Mansfield suggested
the killing of the canine that the leaden
missile might be extracted and introduced
as evidence, but Mitchell refused to per
mit this, saying that the dog had been a
faithful creature and that nature mu3t
take its course in the extermination of Its
life. - .
The three accused men still refuse to
talk. They have been asked to make
statements, but remain as silent as the
tomb concerning the terrible crime. Yes
teraay they asked to see an attorney, but
none has as yet been employed. They
seem, however, to begin to realize the
seriousness of their position. When the
charge of murder was placed against
them all were visibly perturbed.
The first legal procedure will be taken
at the Coroner's inquest, which will be
held at Colma a week from to-day. A
Jury consisting of J. H. Imwalle. M. Grif
fin. A. Mogani. P. Armannlo. John Rodg
ers, Alfonso George, John Blggio, V. J.
Hohman and Fred Pierce of that town
has been chosen by Deputy Coroner
Claude Fox to serve. All the evidence
now in the possession of the police will
be presented at that time.
Mitchell "Will Not Consent to Killing
of Wounded Dog for Purpose
of Securing Evidence Against
the Defendants.
Guns With Which. Dark Deed
Was Done Were Bought
in This City.
MURDER CHARGED
AGAINST THREE OF
COLMA SUSPECTS
HE LETT HIS HAPPY JOB FOB HER.
WALTER JONES, the gay, light
hearted "tramp" of the vaude
ville stage, found .Dunne & Ry
ley's company too small to con
i tain himself and Norma Whalley and yea
! terday he severed his connection with the
company and left on the evening overland
for Chicago. To a few Intimate friends
he confided the fact that he was engaged
to a wealthy young ¦woman there, whom
he would marry soon after his arrival.
Each member of the company playing at
the California Theater received a note
from Jones yesterday announcing his de
parture and expressing his regret. In
some of them he hinted that the recipient
knew why he did not care to stay in the
j company. Jones Is very popular with the
I members of the craft, and general regret
. was expressed. The girls of the com
pany even shed copious tears over the de
parture of the handsome comedian— all
j but Miss Whalley. She maintained an im-
J perturbable manner and made no com
ment on the action of her former part
ner in vaudeville.
Some months ago Walter Jones and
Norma Whalley were doing a sketch at
the Orpheum which was the best draw
ing card on the programme. Oft the stage
they were seen much together, and the
gay fellows who sought to win the favor
I of the beautiful English girl found Jones
j a stumbling block in their way. But she
j liked the gayety of the tov.-n and accepted
1 attentions to such a degree that an es
! trangement between her and Jones re-
I suited.
Two months and a half ago their sea
son at the Orpheum here closed and they
went to Los Angeles, the next place on
the circuit. In less than a week the vi
vacious Norma left Jones and returned
to San Francisco, breaking the vaudeville
team and leaving Jones desolate. There
were attractions here for her with which
Los Angeles and the society of Jones
could not vie.
After a short stay here Miss Whalley
wen * to New York and signed a contract
with Dunne & Ryley. but she soon broke
that to go to London, it was said, with
the approval and financial aid of her
many admirers.
Jones came to San Francisco later and
joined Dunne & Rylev upon receiving as
surance that his former flame would not
be a member of the company.
\,\ n s ?^i c way things did not go well with
Miss \\ halley in London, and a week ago
last Saturday night when the perform
ance was In progress at the California
she swept into the theater attired in one
of the latest London creations in the way
of a gown and took a seat in a box. The
people on the stage were astonished at
her appearance when they supposed her
In London, and only vigorous propiptings
Kept the plot moving. The mummers say
that throughout the play Walter Jones
had her undivided artcntion. though he
seemed oblivious of her presence.
It was soon whispered about that Miss
\\ halley had come back on account of
Jones and was ready to be reconciled.
However that may have been, Jones'
heart was flinty. He kept out of the way
of his former partner and did not hesitate
to say that she had caused him too much
troublefor a reconciliation to be possible,
i. Jo ". e^ misery was complete when he
heard that Miss Whalley had been taken
back by Dunne & Ryley to fill the engage
ment that she had broken in New York.
\\ hlle there was nothing specified In his
contract, he felt that as he had joined the
company with the assurance that he
would not have to be associated with Miss
\\ halley, he could not be expected to re
main to complete his engagement,
Followlni?>-the estrangement Jones had
re-newed an acquaintance with a fair ad
mirer in Chicago and had become engaged
to marry her. She heard lately of
Norma A\ halley s return to San Fran
cisco, and Thursday Jones received a
suave but firm little note from her with
the ultimatum that he must not remain
with Dunne & Ryley If Miss Whalley
should be reinstated.
Jones has not confided the name of hia
betrothed to even his Intimate associates
. but has said that she is not an actress
! and Is wealthy. He says he does not ex
pect to give up the stage after his mar
riage. The date of the wedding was also
j left Indefinite, as Jones was particularly
j desirous that none of his stage asso-
elates should know of his intended depar
ture.
He made his preparations quietly and
coached an understudy to take his unim
portant part, that of the old stage-door
tender in "A Day and a Night." Not a
member of the company knew until the
notes were received yesterday that the
popular comedian contemplated breaking
his engagement with Dunne & Ryley.
"I am very scrry," said John Dunne last
evening, "that Jones did not come to me
and tell me what he Intended doing. Some
way to avoid the trouble might have been
found. Walter Jones is one of the best
hearted follows alive, and we are all
sorry to lose him from the company."
But Jones is gone, and an understudy Is
tending the make-believe stage door
THE SAJN Jb\UAJN CISCO (JAJL.JL, SAT U It DA X , JUkY 7 , 1 900.
Popular Comedian Not Willing to Be Friends Again With
His Former Partner on the Vaudeville Stage.
JONES BREAKS A CONTRACT
TO AVOID MISS WH ALLEY
14
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY AND MONDAY !
Who la Interested In savin* MONET and LES-
SENING the" cost of LIVING? See us. Write ti>
u». Give us a trial order and be COSVI.NTED
Granulated Best Cane Sugar. 20 lbs $1.00
To every purchaser of Three Dollars' worth
of ifrocerlea we will give 20 lbs. Sugar for
$1 00.
Fairbanks Gold Dust, 3-lb pkg 15c
Finest Creamer* Better. (3 sqs. $1) i;31c
¦ We handle the best Creamery Butter in the
city. Regular 43c square.
Petaluma Strictly Fresh Eggs, doz. ..17^
Guaranteed regular 23o dox.
Dr. Price's Bakin? Powder. Mb can- . 15c
Unusual bargain. Regular 23c.
Paris Extra Quality Sugar Corn ••-... IJXc
Just received. This Sugar Corn Is the fin-
est that ever came from Portland. M3
Rerular 20c can.
Baltimore Cove Oysters. 3 cans 25c
Limit 6 cans. Regular 12Tjc.
Usine Pafmer Sardines, large can. . . -20c
Finest Bretonnes Clubs. Imported from
France. Regular 25c.
New Cal. Mild Cheese, lb ioc
Regular 20c lb.
Choice Family Flour, 5n-!b sack 80c
Take advantage of this -«ale. Market has
advanced and will ro higher. Regular ?3c.
Tpji English Breakfast. Oolong. Un- c'l nn
ica, colored Japan : 3 jba gli'JU
New arrival. Regular 60c lb.
Whiskey. Cream Pure Rve. gal'on..S2.5O
Rare bargains. Regular U 00.
Cigars and Tobacco.
Call on ua for Cigars and Tobacco at bot-
tom prices.
TOURIST AND PICNIC SUPPLIES.
Just Received— Full Assortment of Pcttel
Meats. Sardines. Pate de Fole Qras and all
Table Delicacies at Lowest Prices
Send for Monthly Price List Free
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Orp. 7th. 'Phone S. »2. No Branch Stores.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Mails I
on Application. :: -;- ...
ATTORNEY.
V. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Cton»» by.
COAL. COKB A.ND PIQ 1WOX
J C WH * f ft * 00 B»««T Street.
J- C» niLJl/ii U tU-.Telephon* Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CMfTH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
\r H- J.'illll. skip Work a specialty. It ana
18 Washington -st. Telephone Main 5*41.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. M East st.
~~ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
US RnVFS & ff) Shlpplnc Butcher-.. 134
JAj- DU I E J (1 Wv» Clay. T»L Main ltii.
OALVAMZINT AND METAr.S.*
Mf*ir. & Dealer In Metals & Oalvantzin*. JOHV
FINN' METAL WORKS. 315 Howard at.
HAR*E«>S DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Chem. Co.. 1163 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
Union LJthogrraph Co.. E5 Sansome St.. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government LJ-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
, __ METAU ~
Extra, linotype and atereotyps metal. Pacific
Metal Worm. m-» First at.. San Franci"^
OILS. ~
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EL-
LIS, 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS. ~~
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider**: Mminv
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Frent. S. fT
~ P1UNTI.XJ. ™~~
F.C HUGHES. mJSggghVr.
PRINTEPS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
t3 Flrat tt.. Saa Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER
T "c' o ?^ h ' a PARTRIDGE ,. : ** SffST"*
MllEASn STEAM COAL, ?& E §^
i ii i '
12I2-12S4 MARKET STREET
Between Taylor and Jones,
Manufacturers of Ladies' arid Children's Wear.
Goods Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
CHEMISE.
LADIES' CHEMISE, made of good Mus-
lin, yoke neatly tucked, full length.... lOc
LADIES' CHEMISE, square yoke of
wide Embroidery or open front trim-
med with embroidery 34 C
CHEMISE, made of best Muslin, round
or square effects, 18 tucks in yoke,
5 rows of insertion in same,. 48c
LADIES' CHEMISE, made of best
quality Cambric, trimmed with Nain-
sook Embroidery, 4 different styles.... 74c
WHITE UNDERSKIRTS.
LADIES' WHITE. SKIRTS. neatly
tucked, made^ of best Muslin, deep
dust ruffle, cut full....... ;..... 45,.
LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS, cluster of
tucks, ruffle trimmed ¦ with wide Tor- ¦
chon Lace v 74 C
WHITE SKIRTS, made, of best Muslin,
ruffle trimmed, linen Insertion and
edged with wide Torchon «Lace OSc
WHITE SKIRTS, cluster of tucks, ruf-
fled with white embroidery OSc
LADIES' SKIRTS, made of best Cam-
bric, * ten-inch flounce of wide em-
broidery ....; fl.45
CORSET COVERS.
Some of the Corset Covers we' place on tale
are worth regularly nearly twice the amount
marked.
Lot 1 Corset Covers will be Bold at lOe
Lot 2 Corset Covers will be sold at IBe
Lot. 3 Corset Covers will be sold at.....;25c
Lot 4 Corset Covers will be sold at.... ..48c
are offering the Greatest Values In San
Francisco, ever shown In the lines of LACES
EMBROIDERIES and RIBBONS. A^-*-».
Special prices at our Wrapper, Waist and
Overskirt Departments.
Wonderful sale of Muslin Underwear still flourishing. During last few
days thousands of people partook of our great offerings. The unanimous
opinion is that for lowness in price, excellence in quality, artistic in de-
signs, this sale lias never been equaled. This morning ushers in the
beginning of the second week of this successful sale. Bargains more
astonishing ¦ than last week await you; •
NIGHT GOWNS.
GOOD MUSLIN LADIES* GOWNS, two
rows of lace Inserting in yoke; neck
and sleeves trimmed with lace 20o
LADIES' GOWNS, made of best muslin;
high neck; yoke neatly tucked and
double row of embroidered insertion in
same 49o
LADIES' GOWNS, made of best muslin,
revere front, 2 rows of lace Inserting
in yoke, revere, collar and cuffs trim-
med with linen lace: this gown, in con- .
Junction with 5 other styles, same ma-
terials. Just as elaborately trimmed,
choice of any of these Ktyles 74c
GOWNS, good materials, sailor collar,
yoke of Inserting and edged with em-
broidery, collar and cuITg trimmed with
neat embroidery, 5 different styles,
choice O80
GOWNS, made of best cambric, h!*h or
low neck, back and front of lnsertln/rs, -• ', -
square or round en"»ct; Empire cowns,
yoke of deep duchess, point de Tarls, -'
Torchon and Valenciennes laces or em-
broidery; choice of 6 different styles.. .91. 20
DRAWERS.
LADIES' DRAWERS, eood Muslin,
neatly tucked, trimmed with wide Tor- • -
ohon lace 23c
CHILDREN'S DRAWERS— Neatly tuck-
«-d. made of best Munlln, pair... .....8 l-3c
LADIES' DRAWERS— Cluster of tucks,
cut wide, trimmed with linen lace or
embroidery 34e
LADIES' DRAWEHS. made of best
Muslin. Umbrella style, double clus-
ter of eight tucka each, trimmed with
wide Embroidery or Point de Paris
Laoe 40c
LADIES' DRAWERS, made of best
Cambric, 12 neat tucks, trimmed with
Point de Venice Lace or five inch
width of good Embroidery.' 74c
LADIES' DRAWERS, made of best
Cambric, trimmed with row of wide
insertion and flounced with wide Tor-
chon Lace, neatly tucked 74c
Tho whiskey that touches the rleht 8po t every
time is Jeeze Moore; tp be had from a!l flrat-
class dealers.
Fifty-seven new cotton mills have been
built in the South during the past twelve
months.
..IN.. ?
Second-Hand
If you want a piano and do
not wish to pay the price of
a new one, we offer you be-
low some exceeding- bargains
in slightly used and made-
over pianos. We consider
that, for the price mentioned,
every instrument is excellent
value. Sold on, easy payment
system, if desired.
Uprights.
1 P*»a?e Piano, medium Ffze, ebon-
lzc-d case. 7 ]-3 octaves; good
condition '. $175
1 J. B. Xupcnt. pmall size." "rosV^
wof«J cape. 7 octaves; has been
made over like new; looks and
sounds well 175
1 King^bury. large size. "-'walnut
case, 7 1-3 octaves. 3 pedals;
pllphtly used. In g-ood . condi-
tion : 175
2 Smith & Barnes, medium sizes,
one in walnut case, the other In
oak. 71-3 octaves. Z pedals;
FJiphtly used, but pood as new.. 200
1 Emerson, small size, oak case,
7 octaves; slightly used, but In
fine condition 225
1 Smith & Barnes, large size, dark
Hungarian ash case. 7 1-3 oc-
taves. 3 pedals; slightly used-
regular price. $375; sacrificed at
2M
1 Smith & Barnes. large size, oak
case. 7 1-3 octaves, 3 pedals;
does not show the very slight
use it has had; regular price,
5375 275
1 Emerson, large size. eboniz«d
case, 71-3 octaves; sliphtly used,
but good as now; regularly, $125. 275'
1 Geo. Steck & Co., medium size,
rosewood -case. 7 octaves ; made
over as gx>od as new 275
S Ludwlg & Co.. large sizes, ele-
gant walnut, mahogany or oak ' '
case, 7 1-3 octaves, 3 pedals;
slightly used, but good as new.. 300
1 Emerson, large size, oak case, . .
7 1-3 octaves. 3 pedals; slightly
used, but In fine order; regu-
larly, J4jO; a fine bargain at 300
I Weber, small size, walnut case,
7 1-3 octaves; slightly used, but
good as new; regular price, $523;
a pick-up at 325
1 Cnickering, extra large size,
ebonized case, 7 1-3 octaves;
made over Just like new 250
1 Steinway & Sons, small size,
rosewood case, 7 octaves; made
over just like new; original cost,
$375; a sensational bargain at... 350
1 Steinway & Sons, medium size,
rosewood case, 7 octaves. 3 ped-
als; made over Just like new;
cost. $700; cannot be duplicated
at anything like the price we
ask of 400
1 Steinway & Son?, medium size,
rosewood case, 71-3 octaves;
sold regularly from new stock
at $750; offered at 500
Squares.
1 Raven & Bacon, rosewood case,
carved legs and lyre, 7 octaves;
made over and then used but
one year $100
1 Hallet & Davis, square grand,
rosewood case, carved legs and
lyre. 71-3 octaves; second hand,
tine condition 125
1 Gabler. rosewood case, carved
legs and lyre, 7 octave?; made
over: looks and sounds like new. 150
1 Hallet &. Davis, square grand,
rosewood case-, carved legs and
lyre. 7 1-3 octaves; made over
like new 175
We have other squares at from $25
to $75, but cannot recommend their
purchase.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
Piano and Music House,
Comer Ke&rny and Sutler Streets, S. F.
Great Cut Price Sale
China
Crockery
GfasswBre
Silver PBated Ware
20 P er cen t> °ff Dinner Sets
20 P er ccnt - of Jardinieres
20 P sr cent, off Clocks
20 P er cent, off Glassware
20 P er ccnt - °tf Lamps
2O per cent, off Knives, Forks, Spoons
High Grade Silver iMated Ware
30 per cent, off all Odds and Ends
Crey Enameled Ware, prices away down
Table Glassware, prices away down
DINNER SETS
44 piece Dinner Set, S3.OO
60 piece Dinner Set, 54. 40
100 piece Dinner Met, 5© 95
GLASS BERRY AND TABLE SETS
35i 4O. 45. 55. 7 5. 9O CtH. per S<zt
GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AND SPOON HOLDERS
• s« 10, J.%. go. 3t 3 eta, each
LEMONADE AND WATER SETS
45. 35. 65, 73. 90 ct9t per 8et
COflE JUBT TO 8K5J
Good Time and Place to Buy
Great IiDtjrting. Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES. -
l«^^f» °J a . n «, Ave " (Bet - Su "*r and Post).
861 Market St. (Odd Pnwrm
140 Sixth St. ¦ PPl owem -
rSwri'".!, • 5n Montgomery Ave.
Zolfi Mission St. • 705 Lrfirkin "?t
»«« l, 1^"" 1 St - 1M» D#l£Ji-ro St.
146 Ninta St. 475; n ,i<-), t «t
2f s M F '»™r? St. Ukm£on%
52 Market St.. 2732 21th St. ¦¦.
OAKLAND STORES. •
1<£2 Washington St. 616 E. 12th St.
£*l Broadway. - 1185 23d Ave.
lolO Seventh St. 1355 Park St., Alameda.
Hale's. I . Hale'a. Hale>9 -
M i5f^fl|L hundreds of these handsome capes were brought here "^ j? l j5 ""^j ff
I /fcitt S™ I
M /HfiWmm Cl ° S^£ s'k-Hned broadcloth capes, in black, tan. castor and blue; trimrne.l |
H //- ///innnllV with a wide band of sUk! edged with silk braid; new style scalloped collar, gg
i // '// Pi Waicth^^ g
M I I i> V \ I J appliqued, others elaborately trimmed with braid. "^f^SfJ II
H (J\L-$ h \1?£ ladies' light weight kersey capes, in black, blue and castor, hand^°™^||
Ejs 7^*]r4 irTT appliqued, now, each ." " "¦ i -It r ;ii. T, n ', j £h
H MXOT misses' broadcloth capes, in blue, castor amj red. trimmed with silk braid ||
m ' • "Clttft on collar and shoulders; were $6.00 each, now, each ¦ • • - v.vj*g g
H OT ™sses '9- in « h broadcloth capes, silk-lined, prettily trimmed with soutache »
11 - 1 braid, colors red, blue and castor; were $6.00 each, now, each .$4-73 fej
H millinery clearing ladles' tests. at half price homespun suitines H
Hi romp -iml sre how much a little * he headline promises much— the ideal tabric tor roiiRh and tgl
H money wffl buy^ yoTir eyei rwil tell two vests for the price of one. rC ady dresses and separate skirts; M
m the actual offering sustains the stap le as gold certihcates our ||
IS LvVrff/ P ment promise, the vests are made of dress goods buyer cleverly landed Kg
H children^ trimmed hats- Icehorns genuine lisle thread and are hand- IC) oo yards of these popular proods &3
H and fluted briSS- simo e oret"v somely finished with silk braid a t a figure that permits us to sell a ||
H ivies each $ n S - and fronts and pearl buttons, they are genuine 65c all-wool quality. .18 Eg
M drlss ha?s in S* fl e la'te shlues J"scv ribbed, have high necks and ilic hes wide, in those stylish grays f|
H and^^rS^dois^tylifhVtrTm! Ion* sleeves clastic covered scan, and beiges, at yard ..... .50c g
H med: also black mousseline de and are in the nopular ecru color. (see window display.) ||
I *™ £^-s mi r^#^^v^ an a P r <>" chance i
H untrimmed hats, in a variety of here and there, they would rcadilj ]a(Hes , wWtc Jawn apron5i p m
M straws and colors; just the thing .command fifty cents each they in . hes j inches wide> 2 .| n " h •&*
g|| for shade and school hats; need *>» not wait long for takers at lac< . trin}ming at bottom, i-inch §|
RJ very little trimming; were 25c to eac " ,*"**\ — ", ¦¦ band, wide strings, each 9- Bjj
igg $1.00 each; now, each domestic SSVl'n^S , . 13
Q ••••• .....ioc, 15c and 25c two ; tems ; n m odest type that trimming remnants la
HI silk or muslin chrysanthemums. are SU r e to stimulate the energy of th; d ff mar k e d or i ce t h ; s Ifl
Eggj very desirable; regular price Si. 25 f n ,fnl hnvpre- . one-third ott marKea price, in.s j^a
H a Lunch- now ner bunch -oc g ou>ers. \ , , s an example of how the sales ff
Itafl ti UU1HH, UUU , WC I UUUlil ->Uv ¦?» W1 virn.? mnrrni m cinninn- • ••• « 1 it • kill
Ml J 3wo > a ra^ gingnams. in nanc- c h ec k will read, and tells its own B|
Hi more about fflOVeS fonie P Iai(J s and stripes and all the t fei
gSS mure dUUUL t^iUVCS preitv bright colors for children's 6to °- gi
m advertising this glove department wear and house dresses ,27 inches - ¥ . _. • fcj
is like writing a continued story- w ide, value ioc a yard; while they HaleBfOSlnC M
Eg| each succeeding chapter is intend- last per yard $V<c t> A" J fe'3
&$ f<f to be more interesting, here is 20 dozen extra '" large " "bleVched OF V VJOOQS It!
m the- one ? for to-day: Turkish towels; the maker says he " ¦? " r-^ M
m ladies real French kid pique lost money on them, and we guess TfU^^^sd: M
m suede gloves, in the pastel shades he is right as the are i dent T C ally f±r-\"*.± • L~JSZ. VA
if <!/ gray ' m °- c ; Slzes 5 £ to th e same quality you have always H _ • M- I Pi
m 6^ ; , P c f R air - .........$1.50 cheerfully paid 40c for: they arc /V *~ • • . n N
Eg ladies pique mocha gloves, in certainly an exceptionally strong 7^" . I- .1 'if. \{\
g^ mode, gray and tan ; sizes s l A to value at> cach _,, c . | , ¦ I :; , gr- Md
rag 7: a new lot that arrived in the this store for rent, for occupancy after — ™ fT~ = - I Px3
Egg nick of time for to-day's selling; September 1. apply to G. H. Umbsen SO. y