May Close Negotiations.
"To this Inquiry the following reply was
sent on the 1st of August:
"'Goodnow. Consul General, Shanghai:
I do not think it expedient to submit tl.o
proposition of Earl Li to the other pow
ers. Free communication with our rep
resentatives in Peking is demanded as a
matter of absolute right and not as' a
favor. Since the Chinese Government ad
mits that It possesses the power to give
communication It puts itself in an un
friendly attitude by denying It. No nego
tiations seem advisable until the Chinese
Government shall have put tho diplomatic
representatives of the powers in full and
free communication with their respective
Governments and removed all danger to
their lives and liberty. We v.-ould urge
Earl Li earnestly to advise the imperial
authorities of China to place themselves
in friendly communication and co-opera
tion with the relief expedition. They are
assuming a heavy responsibility In acting
otherwise.
" 'You will communicate this informa
tion to the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
" 'HAY. 1 "
Free Communication' remanded.
"This message was delivered by Mr.
Goodnow on the 31st to the Viceroy, who
then Inquired If whether, if 'free com
munication was established between Min
isters end their Governments, it could be
arranged that the powers should not ad
vance on Peking pending negotiations.'
WASHINGTON. Aug. Tha
State Department has * made
public the following corre
\ 1 gtpondence between LI Hun;;
Chang and the department ro
gardlng the abandonment of the cam
paign on Peking:
T legram sent to the United States em
bassies in Berlin. London, Paris, Rome
and St. Petersburg and to the United
States Minister to Toklo:
"DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASH
INGTON, Aug. 1, 190").— In reply to a sug
gestion of LI Hung Chang that the Min
isters might be sent under safe escort to
Tientsin provided the powers would en
gage not to march on Peking, the Secre
tary of State replied on the SOth of July:
" "This Government will not enter Into
any arrangement regarding disposition or
treatment of legations without first hav
ing free communication with Minister
Conger. Responsibility for their protec
tion rests upon the Chinese Government.
Power to deliver at Tientsin presupposes
power to protect and to open communi
cation. This Is insisted upon.'
closa % to actual war .in. Secretary Hay s
declaration that ,the -cWfCuct*"6f the Chi
nese Government is "unfriendly." That
kind. of, language is extreme in diplomacy
and It is only a narrow step between it
and formal war.
The impression prevails here that the
Chinese Government, If It Is not absolute
ly bereft of power to act in defiance of the
Boxers, will accept our terms, and som«
such action la looked for very soon.
Possibly One Battle.
Possibly a battle— not more, it Is be
lieved, than one at most — will be required
to bring the imperial Government to the
point of acceptance, though In that case
It is questionable whether the original
conditions would bo regarded as still open
to acceptance. If the Chinese Government
now accepts, however, tho United States
Government will be face to ftice with one
of the most delicate. and momentous dip
lomatic tasks ever undertaken. It must
attempt to redeem its promi.se to use its
good offices in favor of China, and In the
present temper of some of the European
powers the greatest difficulties may be
expected to arise In the prosecution of the
attempt. It In the confident expectation
of the officials here, however, that if the
Chinese Government' actually and in good
faith meets all four of the conditions laid
down by the President In his reply to the
Chinese Emperor's appeal for aid at least
a majority of the powers will accept that
as a proper base upon which to cease the
present hostilities and open negotiations
for a settlement. The decision of the ma
jority in such case without doubt would
receive the acquiescence of the minority,
el?e an Interminable entanglement might
arise.
Message Sent to Chaffee.
• Secretary Root said this afternoon that
there had been no developments which
would necessitate any changes In tho In
structions to General Chaffee, or ,whlch
would change the intentions of the.Gov
ernment In the least. A cipher cable mes
sage was sent to General Chaffee by Sec
retary Root to-day, which contained ad
ditional Information and facts which have
developed since the last message was sent
to him from Nagasaki. The message con
tained no additional instructions, but
merely information which he may use as
a guide to his actions.
It Is not believed at the War Depart
ment that an advance has been made aa
yet from Tientsin. It is explained that
the last dispatches indicated a great deal
of delay In unloading the transports, and
before any advance can be made the
troops must have all their equipments and
transportation for them. The Indications
are that the plans being matured at Tien
tsin contemplate a rapid advance' when
the movement begins, for It seems to be
understood that there will be carried with
the army a sufficient quantity of supplies
to maintain the troops on tho march to
Peking and return, if a return should be
advisable.
The fact that no. reports were received
from General ChafTec during the day. was
not surprising to the War Department of
ficials, who said that the general was
busy "preparing for the campaign, and,
moreover, communication between Taku
and Chefu Is uncertain.
SORTIE OF AMERICAN MARINES FROM BRITISH LEGATION COMPOUND.
(Drawn from a photograph of the wall of the compound and the gate from which the sortie was made and description
..of the scene.) . , : ;
THE CHINESE MADE A RUSH TO FORCE -THE WALL, BUT THE. AMERICAN MARINES, UNDER CAP
TAIN J. T. MYERS, MAKING A SORTIE BY -THE 'GATE, ROUTED AND DROVE THEM BACK AND CAP
TURED SEVERAL HUNDRED RIFLES AND A QUANTITY OF AMMUNITION. WHICH WAS MUCH NEEDED
BY THE BESIEGED. CAPTAIN "JACK" MYERS, WHOSE PICTURE IS GIVEN ABOVE, HAS ESPECIALLY
DISTINGUISHED HIMSELF THROUGHOUT THE SIEGE. AFTER THE BRILLIANT SORTIE ON THE NIGHT
OF JULY 3. NOTED ABOVE, HE AND HIS MEN DROVE BACK. THE KANSU CAVALRY WHO WERE HAR
ASSING THE FOREIGNERS AND. LATER DROVE THE ENEMY FROM THEIR POSITION ON THE CITY WALL
FROM- WHICH THEY WERE FIRING ON THE PEOPLE WITHIN THE BRITISH COMPOUND A_<_» HELD IT
THEMSELVES. IN THE FIGHT WITH THE • KANSU CAVALRY CAPTAIN MYERS WAS WOUNDED, BUT
NOT BADLY. . . .....
In Forcible Language Secretary Hay In
forms the Chinese Government That
There Can Be No Bargaining Regard
ing Minister Conger's Safety.
PAIIT OF THE CITT WALL, OF PEKING OVERLOOKING THE LE
GATION DISTRICT AND FROM WHICH THE CHINESE WERE FIRING
THEREON', WHICH WAS TAKEN AND HELD BY THE AMERICAN
MARINES. THEREBY PREVENTING MUCH LOSS OF LIFE AND THE
PROBABLE DESTRUCTION OF THE BUILDINGS OF THE • BRITISH
LEGATION.
TAKEN AND HELD BY THE AMERICAN MARINES.
IT ONDON, Aug. 3, 3:45 a. m.— According to the Daily Express -
i-* cablegrams from Chefu announce that imperial troops advanc
ing to oppose relief force have wiped out a Christian town near
Peking, killing five foreign priests and 10,000 native Christians.
REPORTED SLAUGHTER OF
CHRISTIANS BY THE CHINESE
Imperial Troops Sent to Oppose the
Allied Relief Force Said to Have
Descended on a City Near Pe=
king v Killing Ten Thousand
Native Christians and Five For=
eign Priests.
GREAT DANGER OF* TREACHERY
[Special Cable to the -Jew York Herald. Copyright, 19OO, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company. B-epublication of this dispatch
is prohibited. All Tights reserved in the United States and Great
/\ Britain.] : ______
¦ .. .; vLONDON, Aug. 3. — These advices from its special corre-
Vspon dent are published by the Daily Mail:
: : .• SHANGHAI, Aug. 1. — A courier who left Peking on
July 21 explains there is great danger of treachery on the part of
the Chinese. They were strengthening the barricades around
V the legations and placing artillery on the walls of the Imperial
. City commanding the legations. Should they make another at-
" tack the Europeans could hardly expect to hold out, since their
: ammunition was almost exhausted. .
:..Tlie Chinese in Peking are kept informed of the weakness
of the foreign forces now gathering at the coast by Shanghai
officials^ If Peking reports are correct, Europeans there are by
no means out of danger, for should the defeated Chinese forces
after an encounter, with the relief force fall back on Peking it is
very probable that they would wreak vengeance on the practi
.' caliyi defenseless foreigners. .
m/VY FLANK . EUROF»E/\N ARMY.
[Special Cable to the Ne-wr York Herald. Copyright, 1000, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company. Republicatdon of this dispatch
Is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great
¦¦) Britain.]
LONDON, Aug. 3. — The special correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph sends this dispatch:
SHANGHAI, Aug. I. — Trustworthy information reaches
me that the Chinese troops are steadily advancing northward
from the Yangtse Valley and also toward the south, and may
attack and flank the European army.
LONDON. Aug. 3. 3:45 a. m.— No word
comes this morning regarding the
fortunes of the comparatively small
body of troops tK-U'ved to be forg
ing thoir way toward Peking. The
pilence is probably duo to diligent censor
ship rather than to any lack of develop
ments. A Shanghai s-p^cial announces the
receipt of an oJficl-il telegram from the
Teung li Yamon. assorting that the Minis
ters were all well on July 3'J and that
vegetables-, fruits and other supplies had
b*>*a sent to the legations on several oc
casions. '"Friendly intercourse," the offi
cial telegram pays, "is now bring carried
cn between the Ministers and the impe
rial Government."
General Gasrlee. says the Express cor
respondent, was strongly opposed to an
Immediate advance of the allies, but he
was overruled by the other commanders
end influenced by Washington's order to
General ChafTee to "proceed without an
Instant's delay."
Murder of Missionaries.
From Shanghai the Dally Express has
received confirmation of the reported mur-
j d«>r of fifty missionaries in the province
j of ShanrM, with the additional information
• that eight English women were dragged
I cut of the mission buildings by a Chinese
I mob. who beheaded them in the streets of
: Chuchou.
I The Tientsin correspondent of the
j Standard says: "A heartrending letter
j has been received from the Japanese lega
tion, dated July 22. stating that the casu
j alties number 60 per cent; that only twen
j ty-flve cartridges per man are left, with
j sufficient food for five days, and that It
I is feared the legation will succumb within
a -week."
William's Warlike Words.
Th» Berlin correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle, who reports Emperor William's
extraordinary sermon of Monday on board
the Hohenzollern, says that some of the
most ttriking sentences attributed to the
I Kaiser are the following: "Once again
i has th> heathen spirit of the Amalekites
j been raised in distant Asia, with great
power and much cunning. With destruc
tion and murder it will dispute the way
to European trade and European culture.
It will dispute the victorious march of
A prominent foreign diplomat acquainted with the character
of the country about Tientsin said to-day that If such an act
were committed the only effect would be to make transporta
tion more difficult and thus Impede the march of the troops.
War Department official* admit that at this moment transpor
tation Is the most serious problem, and General MaeArthur
will be depended upon to relieve the needs of General Chaffeo
in this respect.
The disposition in official circles seems to te to believe that
the administration of another defeat to the Chinese forces out
side of Tientsin will mean the collapse of organized opposition.
It was pointsd out to-day that the Chinese have stnee the cap
ture of Tientsin and its partial destruction made every effort
to stop the advance of the allies, and these efforts could oniv
have been caused by the apprehension that Peking would sur
fer as Tientsin, but the defeat of the Chinese troops by tho
expedition sent to the relief of Peking will, in the view of the
officials here, undoubtedly cause an ascension of the peaca
party in Influence.
It Is expected by the officials that the Chinese troops will
make an effort to stop the allies a short distance from Tientsin,
and victory by the foreign troops will probably cause the Chi
nese to determine hot to make a further stand in force except
behind the walls of Peking. It has been noted by military ex
perts that the Chinese are reported to have dammed the Pelho
River. It is expected that when the allies commence their march
the dam will be broken and the lowlands flooded.
cently reported that a strong body of Japanese had been sent
there.
S~i ALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHING-
I TON Aug. 2— It would not be surprising to well Informed
I military experts" here should the Chinese army, which
I proposes to dispute the advance of the allied troops upon
Peking, be caught between two fires. Because of the in
advisablllty of permitting information relative to. the move
ments of troops to reach the Chinese, the authorities hesitate
to discuss the plan of campaign that has been adopted, though
undoubtedly they have been acquainted with at least some of
Its features.- In fact, it is stated by officials that the situation
in China Justifies them in resuming the reserve thrown off when
the war with Spain was closed. ' , J V."" '
¦ Secretary Root as3erted late this. afternoon that he had not
been' advised that the allies had started for Peking, nor in
diplomatic circles is it believed that the mainarmy has com
menced the march. The. operations which have thus far taken
place are believed to be confined to the advance guard, which
is expected to establish a base a short distance from Tientsin.
When the main body has come up. with the advance guard the
latter will again be sent forward. In this way the troops will
be operating from a base close at hand.
-" surprise would be expressed by officials should a column
of "allies be reported as having left Shanhaikwan. This port
Is on. the same parallel of latitude. as Peking. There is a good
road leading to Peking from Shanhaikwan, and a column
following It 'could "co-operate with one leaving Tientsin. No
American " troops " have gone to Shanhaikwan, but It was re-
Military Experts at Washington Believe the Chinese
Army Which Proposes to Dispute the Advance
of the Allies Will Be Caught Between Two Fires.
Christian customs [ and Christian faith.
And again is heard God's command,
'Choose us out men and go out to fight
with AmHlek.' A hot and sanguinary
struggle has begun. Already a number
of brethren are over there under fire.
Many more are traveling along hostile
coasts. You have Been them, the thou
sands who, to the call of volunteers to the
front who will guard the empire, have as
semblrd themselves to battle with victo
rious banners. We who remain, at home
are bound by other sacred duties. Woe
unto us if we remain slothful and sluggish
while they are engaged in their diincult
and bloody work, and if, from our placo
of security, we only curiously look on
while they wrestle In battle. Not only
should we mobilize battalions of troops,'
but we should also and shall set. in mo
tion an army of trained people to beg and
entreat for our brethren that they may
strike Into the wild chaos with sword In
hand. May they strike for our most sa-
cred possessions. We would pray that
God the Lord, may make heroes "of our
men and lead those heroes to victory, and
that then, with laurels on. their helmets
and orders on their breasts, he may lead
them home to the: land of their fathers.
Our fight will not be finished in one day;
outlet not our hands grow weary or ciiik
until victory is secured. Let our prayers
be as a wall* of fire around the camp of
our brethren. , Eternity will reveal the
fulfillment of an old promise, 'Call upon
me in trouble and I* will deliver thee.'.
Therefore pray continuously." . .
The -Vienna correspondent of the Times
says: | "The Neue Frelc Presse greets the
decision of the British. and American gov
ernments to advance to Peking independ
ently 1 with the greatest satisfaction. . It
believes that the resolution of these ;two
powers .will • put an end to tho paralysis
occasioned ¦ by the unsolved question of
the-chlef command, and- wilMnspire<the
combined forces with fresh life and vigor.
It says that. when oncethe Anglo-Ameri
can troops assume the offensive the others
will follow suit." -
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— XO. 64.
Secretary Hay's reply to LI Hung Chang
has closed the negotiations with China
unless the old Viceroy Is able to secure
the full acceptance of our terms relative
to the foreign Ministers, and that at once.
No orders, therefore, looking to the re
laxation of the preparations for the ad
vance on Peking have gone out of Wash
ington, for, as the situation is described
by one of the leading ofiicials here, "there
will be no bargaining on our part in ad
vance of the concession by the Chinese
authorities of full and free communica
tion with the foreign Ministers."
There is, moreover, a note ominously
The San Francisco Call.
FAR EAST SITUATION AS
TOLD BY CALL DISPATCHES
AX advance by the allies upon Peking, says the Chinese
Minister in London, will be regarded by the Imperial
Government as an unfriendly act, if not indeed as tan
tamount to a declaration of war. .
Secretary Hay, replying to the proposal by Li Hung
Chang that the allies should engage not to march on Pe
king on condition that the foreign envoys be sent to Tien
tsin, practically forestalled Sir Chih Chen's objection by
pointing out that the Chinese Government put itself in an
unfriendly attitude by denying free communication with the
United States Minister in Peking.
What progress has been made by the relief expedition
is not known, but it is assumed to be forging ahead.
Friendly relations, according to an imperial edict, now
exist between the imperial authorities and foreigners in
Peking, who, according to the same authority, are being sup
plied with fruit and vegetables, which would undoubtedly be
a welcome change froin the Manchu ponies which Mac
donald reported was their main diet.
Meanwhile the relieving column is assumed to be mak
ing progress, though details are lacking, while what is re
garded in Shanghai as trustworthy information has it that
the Chinese troops advancing northward from Yangtse and
also toward the south may flank the allied army.
Shanghai has rumors that fifty missionaries have been
massacred in Shanhai province.
William St John Broderick, in the House of Commons,
defined the position of the British Cabinet as unanimous
against the partition of China, and as opposed to setting up
there anything but a Chinese administration.
; Among special cables published by The Call this morn
ing is one giving further details of the gallantry displayed by
the American marines in Peking.nese army. I do not take kindly to these
stories to the effect that China has a large
and well drilled army as a result of the
war with Japan. ¦
"I have traveled extensively in China,
and in fact wrote a book from my notes,
but so far as telling what is going on
tnere^is concerned, it Is like guessing : at
what s beyond a fog bank. , • Li Hung
Chang I nave a persanal acquaintance
with, but I am satisfied that even that old
diplomat does not know where he stands.
As to his sincerity in this crisis, he is just
like all -other Chinese— the Caucasian
cannot understand him." :
General Wilson had no predictions to
offer as to wh^at would happen and could
not foresee any conditions that would
cause the United States to take a slice of
China in the event of Its dismemberment
in the future. He thought that Japan
could quellthe disturbance shortly if th»
other powers gave her freedom to act.
The aged war horse is remarkably ' well
preserved, and after, his long hot trip ar
rived bright i and not apparently fatigued
and was ready to me^t all callers. Among
those who sent In their cards was Gen*
eral Shaf ter. General "Wilson is , accom
panied by, his aids, James H. Reeves and
G. : S. Turner, and • Orderly Alleyne.v He
travel in company with Commissioner
Kocknill.
BRIGADIER GENERAL JAMES -H.
WILSON, one of the veteran com
manders of the war of the Rebel
lion, arrived- on the delayed over
land train late last night, on his way -to
the scene of "conflict -in. China.- General
Wilson fought in the Spanish war, and
was until a few days ago Governor of the
provinces of Matanzas and Santa Clara,
in Cuba. He applied for duty. In China
and President McKlnley granted his re
quest. .;; ¦>'¦ ¦;,.'
"I belong to the get-there crowd," said
the general last night in . his rooms . in • the
Palace. "I think I made record time from
Cuba, having covered the distance in nine
days. To-morrow I leave for. China, No,
I do not know anything about the situa
tion there, and the whole world Is In-the
same fix. So far as my duties are con
cerned, I do not know what I will be called
upon to do. I do not think I am to ¦ go on
General Chaffee's staff, but will obey or
ders, whatever they. are. . ' i!
."' "The country between Taku and Peking
generally, has either a flood or a drouth
and it is not particularly easy. to traverse,
but. the proposed army pf 20,000. troops of
thcallied powers can go through to the
capital without being stopped by the Chi-
BRIGADIER GrENEBAL JAMES H. WILSON.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. '-Copyright. . 1909,' by.- the Herald Pub
; llshing Company; ¦ ¦',:-
; NIUCHWANG, July .29, ; via Chefu, Aug.
1.— Russians are guarding the barricaded
and the situation 1 is grave. They have
¦ landed reinforcements .to the number of
1G00 men. The Chinese, bombarded Tashls
; chad., but .were • repulsed: with great
I slaughter. • : ¦ . • ' . ¦ . . ¦ \ :
CONGER'S MESSAGE
PREDICTED MASSACRE
Fpe.clal Cable so The .Call and New York Her-»
aid. : Copyright. l&OO, by the Herald rub
'¦: lishijis- Company. •
TIENTSIN. July 28 (via Chefu. Aug. 1).
A- messenger, who left Peking on the 21st
arrived to-day with messages . from sev
eral Ministers. United States Minister
Conger, sends' the following dispatch to
Consul. JJtagsdale: .-.
'behave been besieged In the British
legation for'flve weeks. Under, continual
: fire of. Chinese, troops, ;but since the 16th,
by agreement, there has been no firing.
Fifty marines of all nationalities have
been killed and more wounded. "We have
provisions .for several weeks, but little
amnjunitlon.. It they continue to shell us
' as ' they have- done we cannot hold out
long and complete; massacre will follow.
We hope -relief can come soon. Glad to
hear of. victory at Tientsin."
. The^gist >of - the.' other .., messages , Is .-.that
-the missionaries "are .uninjured, "but" t Sat
the. missions, are destroyed. The customs
Staff, and their families . are. uninjured.
The Chinese approached the British' Min
ister under a flag of tnice and proposed "a
CHINESE REPULSED
.WITH GREAT SLAUGHTER
Mr. Broderick thought it was a time
when the less said the better. Great
changes- might result from the recent
calamitous events, but he hoped the Euro
pean powers would discover some founda
tion on which to build a Chinese govern
ment which would insure civilizing rule
to.'a population forming one-third of the
human. race. . , ; :¦•:
Later in the session Mr. Broderick said
that although the international forces
were now at Tientsin they were not yet
fully armed and equipped. As far as he
Was able to judge at present, there was no
lack of co-operation among the command
ers and no avoidable delay. In giving the
daily record of the steps the Government
had taken with a view of rescuing the le
gations. Mr. Broderick stated that on July
C the Government proffered financial as
sistance to Japan with the special object
of relieving the legations. The Govern
ment, he .said; would press forward by
every means in its power to the relief of
the legations. In the Yangtse sphere
British ships and forces would assist the
Viceroys, but must bend their undertak
ings to the defense of Shanghai. The
Government had thought it wise to organ
ize a third brigade from India, in readiness
for possible emergencies. The Cabinet,
Mr. Broderick said, was completely unan
imous against partition of China, which
would be fraught with infinite danger, and
the Government had no reason to believe
it was at variance with any of the Euro
pean powers in that respect. Further, the
Government would do nothing to set up
anything but a Chinese administration in
China. The Government had not in con
templation the idea of organizing the Chi
nese army under foreign officers. What
form the indemnity should take must be
left for future consideration.
Replying to a query by Sir Ellis Ash
mead Bartlett as to whether the forces
of Great Britain and Japan were prepared
to advance in strength on Peking and as
to who is commanding the allies. Mr.
Broderick said he had no fresh informa
tion to communicate.
TT ONDON, Aug. 2.— Replying to a
I question in the House of Commons
! ' to-day, the Parliamentary Secre
1/ . tary for the Foreign Office, William
* '-'St.* John Brcderick. said a report
reached the Admiralty Tuesday, July 31.
from Admiral Bruce, stating t.iat al
though Rear Admiral Kempff. of the
United States navy attended the council
of admirals before the attack on Taku he
was unable to take any action because he
had received no authorization from Wash
ington to do so.
cessation of hostilities. The Ministers
agreed, providing the Chinese made no
advance. Treachery is feared. On July 3
Captain Myers of the American marines
made a wonderful sortie, capturing guns
and standards. He was slightly, wounded.
The Chinese also were badly defeated
when they attempted a night attack." The
foreigners hold Legation street from the
French to the American legations on" the
north. All are working at the barricades
and trenches and fighting, and are nearly
worn out.- The Chinese seem to be short
Broderick Declares That Great Britain Is
Against the Partition of China and Will
Do Nothing to Set Up Anything but
a Chinese Administration.
regarding a young: woman, who married
an Italian in New York, in December. 1S37,
giving the name Tomaso or Tomato Cari
celi, whom she believes to be identical
with the assassin of King Humbert. She
declares that the photograph of the
assassin is that of the man sha married.
m
HUMBERT'S WILL HAS
NOT YET BEEN FOUND
ROME, Aug. 3.— According to declara
tions made to the Milan police by per
sons who witnessed the assassination of
King Humbert, and especially the King's
footmen, four or five persons wearing
around their necks black handkerchiefs
such as Bressi wore were seen around
the royal carriage at the time of the
crime. After it was committed they be
gan shouting, evidently to increase the
confusion and to help Bressi to escape.
II Corriera Delia Italia says the police
have discovered that a huge plot was
formed in America to murder King Hum
bert, and that his assassination was to
be followed by tlmilar crimes throughout
Europe.
Another discovery is that Bressi last
Sunday entered the royal chapel of the
Villa during mass, evidently with the in
tention of assassinating Humbert If he
were there.
A man suspected of being an accomplice
of Bressi was arrested yesterday at a
railway station here. He had recently
arrived from the United States and will
be sent to Monza for Inspection.
Notwithstanding the most thorough
search, the will of King Humbert haa
not yet been found.
CHANG TRYING TO
CHECK ALLIES' MARCH
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— The Solace,
with the sick and wounded from China,
reached Nagasaki to-day on her home
ward trip.
SOLACE AT NAGASAKI.
PARIS, Aug. 2.— The French Consul-
General at Shanghai telegraphs as fol
lows to-day: "LI Hung Chang has stated
to the United States Consul that the Min
isters will be put in communication with
their respective Governments if the al
lies arrest their march on. Peking. Chang
is yet unable to secure a reply to the
message in his care to M. Pichon, the
French Minister in Peking, as the Tsun?
II Yamen would not consent to the for
warding of a cipher message for the Min
isters. It is asserted that the foreign
ers within the imperial city and the con
sular corp3 have decided to Intrust the
defense of the concessions to the Interna
tional naval forces."
In the opinion of the general staff to
march on Peking .before the end;, of the
rainy season would be = risky,!. the climate
being changeable.. . . • ; . : '. ¦ .
¦ <m i — '— ' • '.'¦¦•:'•¦
GEEMAN TRANSPORTS SAIL.
BREMERHAVEN, Aug. .2.— The German
transports Rheln and Adria" sailed, for
China to-day tvllh the- staff <>f the expe
ditionary corps, under General' von; LesseL
Emperor William and the Empress visited
both vessels on the eve' of their departure
and bade the officers adieu. :^ : They', were
enthusiastically' received." : "".' "- '••'* z '1: '.'-
Advices received by ' the . general staff
from .Tientsin estimate .that there • are -50.
ocw trained Chinese troops In Peking? in
addition to a large force of Boxers,. whose
strength is not yet broken. ' . . •• ¦ . ::
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 2.-The. Chi
nese Minister, Yang Lu. on behalf of the
other Chinese i Minister's at ' European
capitals, has cabled the Governor of ¦ Shaa
tung.a demand that the members' of "the
legations • be permitted free .telegraphic
communication- with their Governments
and be 6ent- to . Tientsin under a Chinese
escort. ; . ' ; . • ." ; .V
To do so wouiq oe almost tantamount
to admitting that the Chinese Government
had made war upon the powers. Anything
which tends to implicate the Chinese
Government In the siege and the massacre
of foreigners would make the reparation
arid indemnity harder and heavier. But
all these are matters for the future. The
object of the administration now . is. to
rescue our Minister and. prbtect 'the .lives
and property of American citizens. One
of the Cabinet officers said that we had
no vengeance to gTatify and would par
ticipate In no wanton act as a measure of
revenge. . - ' . . *' ¦ ¦ ..
DEMAND: CABLED FOR
T: FREE COMMUNICATION
, -.As. long as J.he administration has no ab
solute, knowledge that the Chinos- e Gov
ernment has . been implicated in the at
tacks'.' upon "• the legations it will be as
sumed that its attitude is correct and the
administration therefore is not prepared
to. .'tieeept at this time the' statement of
Morrison, the London Times' correspond
critln Peking, that imperial edicts encour
aped "the. Boxer movement in the earlier
Mag-eg cf the trouble.
Iflorrisou's Story Not Accepted.
; No change in the present policy of the
Government resulted from, the meeting to
d'ai% The action of Secretary Hay in no
.tifying the powers that the United States
Government had informed LI Hung Chang
that- we insisted on' being placed in com
munication ¦with -our Minister waa unani
mously indorsed and commended as a step
which .must impress upon Li and the Chi
.n-ese Government the fact that this coun
try is. not to be trifled with. The covert
.threat's' thrown out- by L4 aiid the other
Viceroys as to the disaster that might
overtake the .iegationers if the advance of
the al!ifs ¦was insisted upon was charac
terized by one, of the members of the
.Cabinet as a bluff. If harm should befall
tJi"m after the Chinese Government's an
nouncement of its ability to protect them,
its acccHinttiljiliiy woufcl be. all the greater.
2«o Change of Policy.
•»¦ X 7 *£HINGTON, Aug. 2.—Advan
\ A / tape was taken of the opportu
-;'.': \ / 1 / nity afforded by the President's
W y return to Washington this
: v. * . forenoon to hold a ppeclal
rrHvfihK of the Cabinet. . Secretary Hay
"tame prepared with a full report of all he
had done in relation to the Chinese trouble
¦since the President's departure and there
\vjts little for the Cabinet to do but to
get the s£al of its approval upon the Sec
retaryV policies, and particularly upon
Xh<? language of the corresponds
'¦en&P.'-'',. '.: -' ¦ ¦'¦ '¦ ¦•¦' ¦ " ¦¦""••;" ¦"•: : . '•¦¦• '.'.'¦':¦'
•'¦¦: Th^ Cabinet meeting lasted about two
and a half hours. There were present, be
sides th* President. Secretaries Hay. Root
¦aml'.O^ and Postmaster General Smith.
/The discussion was almost ex
cltiFlvely to the Chinese situation. All the
.avails, of the situation since the Presir
¦<fent went. to Canton two '.weeks ago were
carefully gone -over and a general ex
. charts of views . was had. : The. definite
information of the safety of the lesation
ir ; rs at Peking and the hope for their final
rescue were considered the best features
¦ot, the MiuaUon. : The administration de
•fires. an tmrn'odiate.,' movement on Peking
if it can be. inaugurated without too much
danger, and while no news has come from
General Chaff ee that the forward march
lias begun such news Is hourly expected.
The failure of the allies thus far to agree
upon a commander is disappointing, but
no new instructions have been or will be
pent to- 'General Chaff ee.' He* Is on th«*
ground, and tile, administration has the
greatest, confidence in . his ability,, and
: ih«»re is no purpose here to handicab him
¦viiih. instructions.' ¦' .• ¦• .
(Prom the Sphere).
MUZAFFER-ED-DIN, THE SHAH OF PERSIA.
THE PEIHO IN FLOOD NEAR TIENTSIN.
FOR MTI,ES ON EITHER SIDE OF THE PEIHO, FROM TAKU TO PEKING, THE COUNTRY IS AS FLAT
AS A TABLE AND INTERSECTED BY NUMEROUS TRIBUTARY STREAMS CONNECTED WITH EACH OTHER
BY CANALS. IT IS SAID THAT THE CHINESE ARE PREPARING TO FLOOD THE PLAIN BY DAMMINO
THE PEIHO IN CASE OF A MOVEMENT OF THE ALLIES ON PEKING. FOR THIS REASON THE AD
VANCE WJLL BE MAINLY ALONG THE* LINE OF THE RAILROAD. THE EMBANKMENTS OF WHICH RISE
ABOVE^ FLOOD- WATER. : ... \
of ammunition. The American marines
have fought like tigers against fearful
odds, and only Chinese cowardice has pre
vented hordes of savages from massa
cring all foreigners.
AMERICA'S SI AND IS
PRAISED BY .GERMANS
BERLIN, Aug. 2.— The National Zei
tung, In a leading article on "America In
China," says: "If the movement upon
Peking has now really begun America un
doubtedly deserves great credit. Immedi
ately after the first direct news from Mr.
Conger, the United States Minister, was
ceived— a communication firmly regarded
at all times In Washington as authentic
—Mr. Hay insisted with all earnestness
that Mr. Conger's cry for help absolutely
Remanded speedy relief. It even seemed
for a while that the American Secretary
of State entertained the thought of send
ing a purely American expedition to Pe
king if necessary."
The paper is gratified at President Mc-
Kinley's refusal to accept Li Hung
Chang's offer to deliver Mr. Conger if % the
American expedition is countermanded. It
thinks, however, that Washington's China
policy has been wavering and it explains
this as due to the exigencies of the
Presidential campaign and to the presence
of the Chinese themselves in the United
States. The Kreuz Zeitung has an article
on the same subject. Assuming that the
United States is still ready to mediate this
journal remarks:
"It would be a brilliant electioneering
coup if President McKinley's administra
tion could come forward as the preserver
of the world's peace. With its separate
role the administration would draw nearer
the goal which American concert of great
ness ' is already striving for, namely,
American hegemony in the Pacific. This
goal is not one to be reached easily, but
the prospect can do President McKinley's
party good service in the coming elec
tion."
The papers print a sermon preached by
Emperor William last Sunday on board
the imperial yacht Hohenzollern, from
Exodus, chapter vii:7: M And it came to
pass, when Moses held up his hand, that
Israel prevailed; and when he let down his
hand Amalek prevailed." "
The subject was "The Holy Duty and
Holy Power of Intercession." The reports
show that the discourse was quite belli
cose toward China. Of the soldiers going
thither the Imperial preacher said:
"They shall be the strong arm which
punishes assassins. They shall be the
mailed fist which smites that chaotic
mass. They shall, defend, sword in hand,
our holiest possessions. True prayers can
still cast the banner of the dragon into
the dust and plant the banner of the cross,
upon the walls."
FOR HURRIED ENLISTMENT.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Aug. 2.— Sergeant
George "Whitemeyer of the local recruit
ing station received telegraphic orders
from the Surgeon Goneral to enlist men
for the Hospital Corps, consisting of stew
ards, wagoners and mechanics. The or
der is considered significant of a hurried
movement in the near future, as the or
ders allow any one to serve who has a
common school education, whereas here
tofore men for hospital service were re
quired to have had some experience.
Covert Threats of the Mon
gol Viceroys Will Not
Change^the Programme
of the United States.
President AlcKinley
and His Advisers
Meet and Discuss the
Chinese Situation.
CABINET APPROVES OF THE
POLICY OF SECRETARY HAY
ATTEMPT ON THE LIFE OF
SHAH OF PERSIA IS FOILED
Assailant Seeks to
Shoot the Monarch
as He Rides in His
Carriage in Paris.
Officials Believe That He
Was Not Alone in His
Plot, but That He Had
Several Accomplices.
SATS SHE MARRIED BRESSL
BRUSSELS/ Aug. 2.— La Reforms says
an Inquiry has been opened at Antwerp
MONZA, Aug. 2.— King Victor Emman
uel III, "upon arriving here, met his
mother, Queen Margherita, at the castle.
She fell into his arms weeping." The King
knelt before the body of his father and re
peatedly ; kissed and embraced it. After
ward, for an hour, he, his mother and his
wife, prayed in the death chamber.
Subsequently the King received the
members of the Cabinet, the audience last
ing an hour and a quarter. All the Minis
ters, with Uhe exception of the Ministers
of War ; and . Justice, who are in Rome,
took the oath of allegiance.'
MINISTERS TAKE THE
OATH OF ALLEGIANCE
ROME, Aug. 2.— The regicide Bressi still
maintains his excited demeanor and has
to be dressed forcibly. To-day he ex
claimed to a warden:
"It .will be the Czar's turn next."
! Bressi has been removed from Monza
to Milan.
The police have found evidence that
Bressi acted in collusion with others and
numerous arrests have been made.
Bressi's brother, a . shoe dealer, another
kinsman named Marozza and several an
archists have been arrested at Prato.
Natale Possanzlni, who was arrested at
Ancona, admits traveling with Bressi
from Milan to Monza.?,
MURDERER BRESSI MAKES
THREAT AGAINST CZAR
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Several hundred
anarchists held a meeting in Bartholdi
Hall at Paterson, N. J., to-night for the
purpose of discussing the situation In
Italy. There ' were many Frenchmen, a
number of Spaniards and a few Austrians
in the assemblage, which consisted for the
most part of Italians.
Pasqualle Frank presided. At the open
ing he denounced the newspapers "In gen
eral and claimed that they were mis
representing the anarchists. He said the
papers made anarchists out of bad men
and pictured them in revolting actions.
He said this was untrue and that anar
chists were the same as other people. -
Resolutions were adopted as follows:
"We, here assembled. Intend to state
that Bressi's deed was the result of the
.present social state of affairs, and there
fore we are trying to establish one where
violence could not be possible.
"We deplore as foolish the idea that there
would" have been or existed a plot in this
city (Paterson), and protest against those
who attribute it to and are trying to make
the Italian colony of Paterson responsible
for Bressi'a deed."
NO PLOT WAS FORMED
TO MURDER HUMBERT
PARIS, Aug. 2.-Muzaffer-ed-Din,
Shah of Persia, who has been a
visitor to the exposition since Sat
urday as the guest of France, nai
... rowly escaped an assassin's bullet
this morning. It had been arranged for
him to-day to visit Sevres and see the
National Pottery Works, going after
ward to "Versailles, and it was just after
ne had loft the sovereign's palace on his
way to the Seine to go on board a yacht
placed at his disposal for the trip that
•the attempt upon his life was made
Only five minutes before the pistol was
presented at his breast he was the re
cipient of a letter which warned him that
his life jas in danger. No serious
thought, however, was given to the con
tents, so numerous had been former warn
ings of the same character. As he was
seated in the landau before leaving th
j court of the palace his secretary brought
him a letter dated Naples, but posted in
Paris last night, signed with a name bear
ing an Italian termination. It said
"To-day you shall meet the same fate
as Humbert."
In no wise disconcerted the Shah hand
ed the letter to the officer on guard and
gave orders for the carriage to start. The
gates of the palace were thrown optn
and as the monarch emerged a large
cri£ ft ""J- 10 " 3 , °nl°°kers broke into
h?,Hpn a^ au v. to l" obiles where h e was
™ en aRd rushed toward the imperial
man In a bicycle police
w«U roIIed under the feet, of the
stin aR Hn'?rt! ant h £ was on the carriage
step. Holding the door with his left
foward Vit ,h hiS K rlsht he P"»hS a revolvS
sp?m»i- t \ breast of the Shah. He
fhWh tO^ hP fJ ta ; te J or a -moment a*
». undecided where to aim. Thi*
uZ U ?ol° k ? ave< L the Persian monarch's
1 «,'tr« t for S he could P uI1 the trigger
wr2nnh 5 Jl and f. ras P ed his wrist and
wrenched it so that the weapon dropped
../£ Ie n? ly t0 l he bottom o' the landau,
mnn •• V? , have ' a Photograph of that
Thfn "°" ch a.lantly exclaimed the Shah.
Hvft'nn^ re f si Sf a lew wor ds in his na
r\l% e h S f f? h i s comP^Jons in the car
<»«t»Vi f ?L S 116 f oa chman to drive on.
Seated in the landau with the Shah at
ort^ ?- the as -? aul t was made were the
Grand \ izier, the personal physician of
the monarch, and General Tarent,* his
Personal aid General Parent, in the
course of an interview, subsequently said:
Jt was the court physician who met the
criminal s advance. It was he who seized
the individual by the wrist and arrested
the movement of aggression for a suffi
cient time to allow the pistol to be knock
ed from the assailant's hand. I am in
clined to the belief that th« man is an
Italian.
The Shah did not appear to be excited
by the attempt on his life, and when the
man was taken away he reseated himself
in his carriage and quietly spoke in Per
sian to the Grand Vizier. Then he said to
the coachman, "Drive on," and the car
riage proceeded by the Alexander III
bridge, where a boat was taken for
Sevres. -
The pistol carried by the would*be mur
derer was of the bulldog type, loaded with
five cartridges. When the. police seized
the man he tried to break away and cried,
"Vive children of the people!"
An officer tried to stop him, but he
shouted. "To my assistance, friends!"
Then he quieted down and submitted.
AVhen the knife was found on his per
son an officer remarked, "You also had a
knife?" to which the man replied: "Yes;
I took some precaution."
"Why did you attempt to assassinate
the Shah?" the officer asked.
"Because." was the reply, "it pleased
me. That docs not concern you."
To all other questions the prisoner re
mained dumb.
The police believe the man who attack
ed the Shah was not alone in his effort.
The whole police department is at work
seeking for his accomplices.
Up to midnight the investigations of the
police had not resulted in any develop
ment tending to establish the Identity of
the would-be nssassin and associating any
others with his attempt, s The prisoner
struggled desperately to avoid a picture
being taken, and he had to be bound han-i
and foot and his head held between the
knees of the photographer's assistant.
The impression is gaining ground that he
is an Italian. He certainly is a native of
a southern country.
As a result of the assault, the Shah will
hereafter be surrounded by a guard wher
ever he goes. I^xtra precautions will also
be taken to protect President Loubet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
GENERAL WILSON BOUND
FOR THE WAR IN CHINA
2
RUSSIANS
IN SERIOUS
POSITION
SHANGHAI, Aug. 1.—Ad
iniral Alexieff has gone to
Niuchwang 1 , where the posi
tion of the Russians is regard
ed as serious.
X5Hfe^ DR. "WONG WOO. Chinese Tea
t»*S&^ and Herb Sanitarium. 7(>4-T <
C Clay st.. cor. Erenhatn plac*-,
1 « t» 3 San Francisco; Cal. AH disease
rL« 7 cured exclusively by Chinese
\p*-\^ herbs. Advice free. Hours. 9
to 11 a. a, 1 to 1 and 7 t> 3
To Whom It May Concern:
*0J>**JjJ<*\ , S tQ certjjy that i, the
undersigned, have been suffering from Chronic
Rheumatism for over three years, which finally
grew «o severe that about 7 months ago I was.
utterly unable to walk. Alter trytn« everything,
¦without receiving the slightest relief. I was at
last induced to consult DR. WONG WOO. who.
after a seven-months' treatment, has now com-
pletely cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGE
SCHERER. HO Landers street.
ss^ FAVORITE
1L fORWEAKWOMEW.
IAI. X. HESS.
KOTAKT" PU3LI0 . A»3 ATT0E!»S7-AT-I.AW.
Testii floor. Room 1015, Claus Sprecktls Bid?.'
Telephone Brown Ki.
Residence, ttl Calif orni* »c, btluw PoweU.
Eaa Fr*ncl*co.
APVERTIB'FTff'rTNTS.
W 7- O
• -*¦'¦ -- ¦ -¦ • -- ¦ - .-
Will place on sale this morning 1
THREE Extraordlnapy Bargains 1
In LADIES' and MISSES' JACK- |
ETS (special purchase). I
ioo MISSES' TAN JACKETS, extra value for A M prt|
$6.50, will be placed on sale at &*p * 3 U .
ioo LADIES' TAN JACKETS, good value for Aft nflS
$16.00, will be placed on sale at JyUi UU o
100 LADIES' TAN JACKETS, extra fine quality, fly front?
and double - breasted, sterling value for AQ CflSt
$12.50, will be offered at UUlOU S
J.O'BRIEN&CO.i
1146 Market Street. I
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Men,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
. igiSg^DgVgr,STRONB &C0./ggk
vl ?gATEj£fsf Z$
Val^320MARK£rsrs!r^SSr
SANS SOUCI, / '
RKIVATE HOME FOR PATIENTS.
- i Equipped with the last?»t scientific applt-
f.nces. CHRONIC DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
Chaises reasonable. DR. SCHIRJJAX. Con-
sulting Physician. 1409 Van N'ess iave.. near
Busli st * l-$&eSBB&Sm%;~: I JWUULSalesman Killed by Bullet From His
Revolver That Is Accidentally ; -
Discharged.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Bascom I*
Wyatt, a traveling salesman, wa3 th©
victim of an unusual accident last night.
He was In a compartment of a passenger,
train. His coat was hanging on a hock,
near where he was standing. The train,
suddenly turned a curve and the motion
threw the coat, which held a pistol,
against the side of the car. causing tho
discharge of the weapon. The ball passed
through Mr. Wyatt's head. Deaih waa
instantaneous.
TIVOLI PRISONERS ARE
HALED INTO COURT
Two of the Sixty-Two Persons Ar
rested in a New York Dancd^
Hall Are Sentenced.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — Eighty-one
women and eleven men, who were arrest
ed in the Tivoli, a tenderloin resort, were
arraigned In the Police Court here to
day. Two of the women were fined 510 for
disorderly conduct and another was sen
tenced to three months' imprisonment a*
a vagrant. TKe other cases went over.
The men all were discharged excepting
John F. O'Connor, the temporary man
ager of the Tivoli, who was held in JLWO
bail for examination, and John F. Me-
Avoy, the waiter, who Is alleged to have
assaulted State Senator Ford in the Tivo
li a few nights ago and against whom
Senator Ford appeared as the complain
ing witness. McAvoy was held in $1000
ball for examination to-morrow, his coun
sel stating that he desired to bring coun
ter charges against Senator Ford.
FULL BLOODS WIN.
Election in Choctaw Nation Results
in Selecting Judge Dukes for
Governor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTH MCALLISTER, I. T., Aug. • —
The election of Governor of the Choctaw
nation was held yesterday. Returns re
ceived show that Judge G. W. Dukes has
been elected by a large majority. Dukes
ran on the fullblood ticket, while his op
ponent, K. Wright, ran on the progressive
tlckeet, which wants the opening up of
Indian Territory to white settlement.
The fact that the latter is thus honored
is taken as evidence of royal sympathy
regarding the Astor controversy.
NICARAGUAN CONGRESS.
President Zelaya Personally A<1-
dresses the Body.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Aug. 2.— The
Nicaraguan Congress convened last even
ing and was personally addressed by Pres
ident Zelaya, who declared that the condi
tion of the country, especially from the
viewpoint of the finances, showed distinct
improvement. He announced the termina
tion of the concession to the Maritime
Canal Company and formally proclaimed
the existence of the Eyre-Cragin canal
concession. He also emphasized the Gov
ernment's programme for extending the
national railroad. It was received
throughout with enthusiasm.
Superior Mine Sold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 2.— A deed was
filed In the office of the County Recorder
in this city to-day from W. H. Martin of
Oakland, conveying to Alvinza Hay ward
the Superior mine, on the mother lode, a
mile south of this city. Fifteen thousand
dollars was the price paid for the mine.
I lay ward has been operating the mine un
der a bond for a number of months past
and has done a great deal of development
work on tho property.
LONDON, Aug. 2.— The Prince of
Wales, the Duke of York and the Duke of
Connaught have gone ' to Coburg . to at
tend tho funeral of the lnte Duke of Saxe-
Coburg and Gotha. Among those selected
to represent the Admiralty at the funeral
are Admiral Sir Frederick Richardson and
Captain Sir Archibald Berkeley Milne.
"Wales at Coburg.
LETTER BY TAYLOR IS
PLACED IN EVIDENCE
Resolutions by the Mountaineers
Held to Be Incompetent
Testimony.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.,.Aug. 2.-The de
fense in the Powers case offered the testi
mony of six 'new witnesses in court to
day, and much of the two sessions held
was taken up by the wrangling of attor
neys for both sides,- the jury being sent
out a~4«s.lf dozen times.' One of the fea
tures of the day was the presenting by
Colonel Mengel of the First Kentucky
Regiment of States Guards of an auto
graph letter from Governor Taylor writ
ten on January 18, two weeks before the
Rhootlng of Goebel. In which he instructed
him to obey "all orders and signals"
given him by Adjutant General Collier.
Thl? officer offered to explain the cipher
messages "all J»!ght." sent out by Collier
Immediately wlcr the shooting. The de
fense was overruled on two Important
points during the day. Judge Cantrlll re
fusing to allow one witness to relate a
conversation he claimed to. have had with
Wharton Golden relative to receiving pay
for testimony and refusing to -allow an
other witness to~read to the jury the
resolutions adopted by the mountain peti
tioners, and which they attempted to pre
sent to the Legislature. The defense ex
pected to show by these resolutions that
the assembling of the petitioners was not
for an unlawful purpose. ,
Fourth District Fair.
PETALUMA. Aug. 2.— Santa Rosa has
been awarded the Fourth District Fair.
Petaluma was desirous of getting the
award, but Santa Rosa outbid this city In
the amount of its subscription, Santa Rosa
raising 53000, : against the $2000 subscribed
by Petaluma. ¦,.,.
DR. TANNER SUSPENDED FROM
THE HOUSE OF COMMONS
THREE PERSONS DIE FROM
TOADSTOOL POISONING
LONDON. Aug. 2.— Once more Dr.
Charles Tanner. Nationalist member of
the House of Commons for the middle di
vision of Cork, has been suspended, and
although in this instance the suspension
•was only for one night it was accompanied
by scents that would have done credit to
the most disorderly Legislature in the
world. ' . _
After opposing a vote In supply. Dr.
Tanner «as appointed a teller. Subse
quent to the division, the chairman an
nounced that Dr. Tanner had grossly ln
eultfcd him vn account of the appointment,
jind that in consequence, he would sus
pend him for the remainder of the sitting.
Gesticulating wildly. Dr. Tanner defied
the chairman, the House and the whole
English nation. Amid a deafening uproar
lie declared that the chairman was "mere
]v one of the Premier's minions." Then
he exclaimed: "X defy the whole lot of
you I throw that in your teeth. As an
Irishman I leave the House with greater
pleasure than I ever entered it."
Then while staid members rose In their
foats and tried to drown these utterances.
IjV. Tanner ttill yelled dc-lianco and went
out. ¦ _j_;
Irish Member Defies the Chairman,
the Entire Body and the Whole
English Nation.
DYNAMITE EXPLODED
UNDER A STREETCAR
Lives of Four Others Saved by One
of the Victims, Who Heroically
Hode for a Doctor.
CHICAGO, Aujr. 2.— Three persons are
dead in the home of J. A. Norrls. near
Harvey. 111., and four others are seriously
111 the result of fating toadstools, which
thev mistook for muFhrooms. The dead:
MRS EDITH NOIIH1S.
•MAI'D NORTHS.
THOMAS NORIUS. •
Thomas Norris, 13 yrars old. undpubt
r-dlv saved those yet alive. Half-clad and
suffering with pain that almost crazed
Mm. he rode bareback to Homeviood.
three milos away, and fell exhausted a*
h«» reached the house of a physician. He
<il<-d s=oon after, but the doctor reached
the Norris house in time to save four of
the seven who at«? the deadly toadstoos.
Charles Kahn.
. CINCINNATI. At:?. 2.-Cha>js Kalin.
aped €5. died FUddcnly to-day. He was
the founder of the present stock yards
/.ere and had held prominent municipal
/effices.
Gold on the Marlposa.
SYDNEY, N. 8. W., Aug. 2.-The steam
er. Marlpcsa, which left this port to-day
iax San Francisco, carries £353,000 gold.
Striking' Motonnen in ths City of
Dallas Disclaim Knowledge N
of the Affair.
DALLAS. Tex.. Ausr. 2.— There was an
oxiiloFjon under the tracks of the Dallas
Consolidated Electric Street Railway
Company on South Harwood street! this
afternoon as one of its cars passed. 'The
or w;is damaged, but not wrecked. The
union motormc'ii. who hnve been on strike
for six -wer-ks. disclaimed all knowledge
of the affair.
Quarantine at Once Ordered by the
State Health Officer of
:; , ; Florida.
KEY WEST, Fla., Aug. 2.— Dr. Porter.
Florida State Health Officer, who is now
In this city, received to-day from Dr.
Weedon, medical representative of tho
board at Tampa, a message an
nouncing two cases of yellow fever in
that city and saying that he believed the
Infection to be general. Dr. Porter at
once wired Dr. Weedon to place quaran
tine restrictions on all travel to and from
Tampa. It is believed that the disease can
be confined to Tampa.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Aug. 2.— Tho
Governor of Alabama, acting upon infor
mation of the existence of yellow fever In
Tampa, Fla,, has issued a quarantine
proclamation against that place.
SEEKS THE POLB.
German Naval Officer to Start for
the Frozen North.
•BERLIN, Aug. 2.— Captain Banendahl of
the Imperial navy will start for the north
pole in a fortnight. He will sail directly
into the pack ice region northof Spitz
bergen and - then westward to the open
sea, when he believes he can reach the
pole. v He will take three years' pro
visions. . ' X ¦ \
TWO CASES OF YELLOW
' FEVER AT TAMPA
Crash Tlirough Eleven Stories of a
Building', Burying the Inmates
in the Dehris.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Three persons
were seriously injured and six others bad
ly cut and bruised to-day by the falling
of five heavy pieces of structural Iron
from the top of a twelve-story building In
course of construction at Broadway and
"YValker street. Fannie Cohen, 17 years of
age; Morris Blelcher, 16 years old, and
David Waldemann, 19, were so badfy In
jured they had to be taken to the hos
pital and six others were painfully hurt
All will recover.
All of the Injured persons were employed
by M. Goldberg & Co., pocketbook mak
ers, who occupied two floors of the flve
story building on Walker street, directly
In the rear of the building in course of
construction. Four heavy iron girders,
each weighing over a ton, were being
hoisted to the top of the big building.
They were being swung around to the top
of the building, when they slipped out of
tbe chain. Three of the heavy girders
crashed through eleven floors to the base
ment and the fourth stuck at the second
floor. Over a hundred workmen were at
work in the building, but they escaped
Injury.
When the big boom of the derrick. waa
released of the girders it swung around
and struck a fourteen-foot Iron upright,
snapping it off and throwing it over the
side of the building. This piece weighed
over a ton. It crashed through the roof
of the Walker-street building, where thir
ty people were at work on the top floor.
They were buried in the debris. Those
who were not hurt badly made a rush
for the flre escapes/leaving a number of
women who had fainted and the Injured
persons lying helpless on the floor.
Alfred F. Norton, foreman In charge of
the iron workers, waa arrested on a
charge of criminal negligence and ar
raigned In the Center-street court. He
was paroled until to-morrow.
HEAVY FALLING GIRDERS
INJURE FACTORY HANDS
Daniel W. Chichester.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 2.— Daniel Wood
Chichc-ster, one of the oldest residents of
the county, died at his home in this city
last night. Mr. Chlchester was a terri
torial pioneer of the State, arriving at
San Francisco early In 1S50, after a long
voyage around Cape Horn in a sailing
vessel. For nearly fifty years he was
prominent In the business and social life
of this city. He was one of the owners
of the sawmill that in 1S32 stood where
the Sacramento and Placerville Railroad
depot now stands. For the past fourteen
years he was associated with S. G. Beach
of this city as a partner In the Pioneer
sawmills situated in the timber belt at
Badger Hill, twelve miles northeast of
this city and the Pioneer box factory and
planing mill in this city. Mr. Chichester
v.-as a .native of New York and wa^ aged
C9 years. A wife and" son and three
daughters survive him.
Joel Doss.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PBTALUMA, Aug. 2.— Joel DOss, a high
ly respected pioneer farmer, succumbed
to an attack of peritonitis this morning at
his residence east of town. Mr. Doss was
widely known throughout Sonoma County.
He was born In Indiana and In 1S54 he
came to Placervllle, where he was occu
pied for a number of years as a miner.
At the time he was taken 111 he was su
perintendent of a mine at Randsburg. A
widow and large family survive him. The
funeral will take place to-morrow.
Colonel J. M. Loomis.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2.— Colonel John Mason
Loomis. one of the best known lumber
merchants in the West, died at his home
here to-day after a lingering Illness. Ho
was aged 75 years. Colonel Loomis com
manded the Sixth Illinois Infantry during
the Civil War. He was a charter member
of the Loyal Legion and succeeded tife
late General Phil Sheridan as the head
cf the Illinois commandery of that mil
itary organization.
Professor G. I*. Farnliaxn.
niNGHAMTON, N. Y., Aug. 2.—Pro
fessor George L. Farnham of Riverside,
Cal., died here suddenly of heart disease
this evening, oged 76. He was visiting
In this city, where he was formerly Su
perintendent of Schools. Later he was
Superintendent at Council Bluffs, and af
terward was principal of the State Nor
mal School at Peru, Nebr. From there
he removed to California.
William J. Nay.
PETALUMA. Aug. 2.-Willlam J. Nay,
an old and respected resident of this
place, died yesterday. Deceased came to
California In 1833 and settled near this
place, where he engaged In fruit growing.
He was a large landowner. A daughter
two brothers and three sisters survive
him. Deceased was born in New York
Jn 1£27.
Delo3 A. Goldsmith.
BOSTON. Aug. 2.— Delos A. Goldsmith,
a well-known young journalist of this
city, died this afternoon at Quincy aired
£. In 1895 Goldsmith ilgured in a duel
with swords with John Crowley, a -Bos
ton lawyer, the affair of honor taking
place early one morning in Franklin
Park.
"W. Irwin Shaw,'
CARACAS, Veneznela, Aug. 2.—Infor
mation has reached this place of the
death of the United States Consul at Bar
anquilla, Colombia, from cholera.
The United States consular list gives
the name of W. Irvin Shaw of Pennsyl
vania as Consul at Baranqullla.
«
Louis Johnson.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 2.— Louis
Johnson, at one time one of the best
known bicycle racing men In the coun
trv, died at his home to-day after a
lingering illness.
WASHINGTON. Aug. Z.-CommaxiAer
Benjamin F. Tilley, in charge of the
United States naval station on the Island.
of Tutuila. Samoan Islands, transmits in
a recent report to the Navy Department
tipen the condition of affairs on the isl
and an "instrument of cession" executed
Ijy the chiefs of Tutuila and the United
Statc-s Government. The document form
ally ced."« and transfers to Commander
Tilley, as the representative of the United
States Government; the Islands of Tu
tuila, Aunuu and all other Islands, rocks,
reefs, foreshores and: waters '. lying be
tween certain degrees of latitude and
longitude named, to erect the same into a
separate district to be known as the Dis
trict of Tutuila. ;..;¦¦ ¦ .'
"The instrument of cession" was sighed
by the marks of twenty-two chiefs, with
their sea!s affixed, on the 17th day of April
3ast, immediately prior to. the raising of
xhf stars and stri;x'S over. the naval sta
tion at l^ago Pago. . . • .
The provisions of the document set
forth that the chiefs of the towns shall
be entitled to retain their individual con
trol of the separate towns, provided the
Hne shall hi> in accordance with tho
laws of the United States concerning Tu
tuila. It also provides that thjs Govern
ment shall respect ar.d protect the indi
vMual riphts of the people 'to their land
¦nd property, and rhoultl the Government
require- their lands it sha.ll take the same
on paymr-nt oi a lair consideration, .
Commander Tilley visit* {1 Kcse Island,
tile eastern meml>»-r of the" Samoan group,
which lk-s seventy miles to the east of
Manua. hoisted the American flag and
took formal possession. This island is
nothing but a ccrai atoll and is of no
value.
Wry stringent regulations have been !s-
Fucd by Commander Tilley iwohlbiting the
importation of finarms, dynamite and
other explosives into Tutuila. An order
recently issued forbids the importation of
wir.es. "beers or liquors except by permla
jt>ion of the commandant.
Aunuu and Several Other
of the Samoan; Group
Relinquished.
CHIEFS CEDE
TUTUILA TO THE
UNITED STATES
PARIS, Aug. 2.— An unpleasant split in
the • Interparliamentary Congress for
Peace Arbitration was narrowly avoided
at to-day's session. M. Dorand, speaking
of the impotence of The Hague confer
ence, protested against the war in the
Transvaal and expressed astonishment
that the requests for arbitration made by
the South African republics had not
found nn echo In Europe.
Lord Stanhope, one of the English dele
gates, in reply paid that friends of peace
in his country had done everything possi
ble to prevent war. but he said it would
be impossible for representatives of Eng
land to participate in a discussion imply
ing the least blame of England.
The presiding officer turned aside the
approaching storm by calling for a'vttte
on' --'the following resolution, which was
adopted:
"The Congress, acting on The Hague
resolutions, expresses its gratitude to
those contributing to the results in the
turn hope that the powers will not neglect
In the future to utilize the means at their
disposal for the appeasement of interna
tional conflicts and its regret that they
have not been able to do so. Actual war
in the TransvaXl calls the attention of the
various liele^atA* to the duty devolving
i-pon them to call the attention of their
respective governments to the obligations
the powers contracted in eiving adhesion
to The Hague resolutions."
Trouble Caused by Discus
sion of the War in the
: Transvaal.
DELEGATES TO
PEACE CONGRESS
NEARLY SPLIT
Judge Smith Hands Down a
Decision in the Long
Pending Suit.
» /
Decedent Had Deeded Over All His
Property to a Woman of Whom
He Was Enamored a Short
Time Before Death.
»
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.-Justice Smith of
the SuDrnmc Court rendered a decision to
day iinding for the plaintiff in the long
pending suit of May Thorno Brantingham
against Eunice E. Huff over the will of
Joseph Thorne.
Mr. Thorne died on May 4, 1S97. His
wife had died only eleven days before. The
suit was over a transfer to Mrs. Huff by
Thorne of the record title of stock paying
monthly dividends of 5 per cent on $300,
000 and various other property owned by
Mr. Thorne. estimated in ail at some
thing/ like S500.000. In 1SC3 Joseph Thorno
and his wife adopted May Lillian Lee, the
plaintiff, then nearly two years old. The
child was the daughter of Lieutenant
William Henry Lee of the British army,
who had been drowned at San Francisco.
The plaintiff lived with tl* Thornes as
their child from December, 1S63, until the
month of April, IK'5. .
Rich Mr. Thorno lavished all his affec
tion upon her, as did his wife. But one
day, in li>r»S, there came a sudden change.
In the railway station in Boston Thorne
met Mrs. Eunice E. Huff. The Thornes
were living at "West New Brighton, S. I.
The daughter had married G. S. Brant
ingham and had children. She lived In
a beautiful home next door to the Thorne
mansion.
Mrs. Thorne, who had spent forty happy
years with her husband, sued for divorce.
Thorne, then 75 years old, bought a new
home at Sing Sing. Mrs. Huff, accord
ing to the papers in the case, "kept him
.«o under control that Thorne was not
permitted to see his friends or relatives
or his wife, and he so continued under the
influence and control of the defendant,
Eunice E. Huff, down to the time of his
death." .
In May. 1897, the old man died. Then
Mrs. Huff produced a paper to prove her
claim to his estate. This paper showed
that Thorne had assigned his property to
Mrs. Huff for the consideration of $1.
Mrs. Thorne had died, broken-hearted,
eleven days before her husband passed
away.
Mrs. Brantingham sued for her rights
under the agreement by which she be
came the old man's adopted daughter.
The case came before Justice Maddox in
the Supreme Court, Brooklyn, and he de
cided In favor of Mrs. Huff. On the ap
peal ho was overruled, and on the new
trial of the case Mrs. Brantingham got
her rights. Mrs. Hun* is ordered by the
court to turn over the estate which she
got from Thorne for $1.
GENERAL BOTHA IS ON
VERGE OF SURRENDER
Indications That the Boer Command
ant Is Tiring of. the Difficult
Task Before Him.
LONDON,- Aug. 3.— The Pretoria corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, telegraphing
"Wednesday, says:
"Commandant General Botha is weak
ening. He has sent a messenger to Lord
Roberts asking for confirmation of the
report of the surtapnder of General Prins
loo, and reque-WTng permission to com
municate with General Dewet."
CAPE TOWN, Aug. 2.-W. P. Schrelner,
tho late Premier of Cape Colony, speak
ing in the House of Assembly to-day, an
nounced his Intention to supj>ort an
amendment to the Government's treason
bill, which, without disapproving the law,
declares its continuance In certain dis
tricts contrary to the rights of British
subjects. He took the ground that the
amendment wcmld not hamper Imperial
action.
? The occasion was seized by Mr.
Schrelner to make a long and eloquent ex
planation of his attitude throughout tho
war in South. Africa. "If I have been
guilty," he exclaimed, "regarding the In
sufficient colonial defenses, the military
authorities have been ten times more
guilty. I delayed calling out the volun
teers until the invasion of the colony com
pelled it. I wag not aware at that time
of the weakness of the imperial forces."
He vigorously denied the existence of an
Afrikander conspiracy, declaring that
sympathy with the Boers rlld not mean
disloyalty, provided true allegiance was
maintained. Mr. Schrelner paid an en
thusiastic tribute to tho humane methods
of Lord Roberts. •
FOSTER CHILD
HEIRESS TO THE
THORNE ESTATE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Miss Lottie Gil
son, variety actress, is once more a bride.
This will be a surprise to most of her
friends, and they will be still more sur
prised to learn that her present husband
is J. K. Emmett, actor, son of Fritz Em
mett, once a famous German comedian.
They are ppending their honeymoon at
the Belvedere Hotel, at Far Rockaway.
Miss Gilson coyly admitted to a Call
correspondent who saw her at Far Rock
away to-night that she and Mr. Emmett
were quietly married in Jersey City on
July 23.
"A Judge married us, but I've forgotten
his name," she said. "Maybe Mr. Em
mett knows."
But Mr. Emmett was lying down and
she did not want to disturb him.
Miss Gilson had hoped the news of the
wedding would not get out, for she waa
afraid it might hurt her attractiveness on
the stage. After the marriage she and
her husband had gone to her home at
Pearl River, X. Y., and the next day they
had returned to this city. They then went
down to Far Kockaway for a brief stay.
Later they will appear together in a
sketch.
This Is Miss Gilson's third venture in
matrimony. Her iirst husband was
Thomas J. Ward, who was sent to the
penitentiary in 1892 for setting tire to his
wife's Hat, a crime he contessed. She
secured a divorce from him and then she
married Lem B. Sloss. She secured a di
vorce from Mr. Sloss a few months ago.
Mr. Emmett also has had some matri
monial experience. His first wife dlvorctd
him in 1894 and he soon afterward married
Kmlly Lytton, leading lady of his,com
pany. They did not live happily together
and he was accused of trying to 1 kill her
in San Francisco in 1895. The next year
she was granted a divorce. Recently J2m
mett has bocn playing in short sketches
in vaudeville houses. .
Several Years Ago in This- City
She Caused His Arrest
for Having Shot
Her.
Latter Was Once the Hus
band of the Actress,
Emily Lytton.
LOTTIE GILSON
SECRETLY WEDS
J. K. EMMETT
White Voters of North Carolina
|jj||^jiJP^(|teB^ Man of
RALEIGH. X. C. Aug. 2.— After one
<if the most bitterly contested cam
paigns <2v<?r known in. North Caro
lina the Democrats and white su
premacy triumphed to-day! by a
majorit y- of about 38,000.' To-day's election
iJisfra'tichiscs the negro and changes the
St-itc Legislature x from its combination
majority of Republicans and Populists, to
straight Deinocratic, insuring the. defeat
tit Marion Butler for re-election as United
States Senator. The negroes,, as a gen
eral thing, remained away from the polls!
The election; unexpectedly, passed off
without :ar»y trouble, excepting at a little
tov.n iianjed Fanlson. .' Afire there, which
started in a drugstore wherein was kept
the registratioiKjbooks, destroyed the
apothecary shep, Kie work being attrib
uted by the Democrats to those opposed
to white rule. Bloodhounds were used.
but failed to find any trace of the alleged
incendiary. •. fe : . '::y.--;.\ . .. : •¦ .'
The election /was for State officers, mem
bers of the Legislature and county officers,
and for an* amendment to- the State con
stitution looking to a practical elimination
cf the negro from politics, as its adoption
disfranchises the bulk of Oie negro vote.
By far the .greatest interest centered in
the fight over the amendment. Many
negroes voted for the amendment. The
faculty of Livingston' College, at Salis
bury, one of the most prominent negro
educational Institutions in the South,
voted for it. The amendment was opposed
by the fusion of. Republicans and Popu
lists, headed by Senators Butler and
Prltchard. There was a full poll of the
Democratic strength, which, combined
with a small negro and some Populist and
Republican ballots, rolled up a large ma-
Jority.
I Spencer B. Adam?, fusion nominee for
Governor, was defeated by Charles B.
Aycock,. the Democratic nominee, and all
the other Democratic . candidates were
elected. The Legislature is Democratic In
both branches. Mecklenburg County, of
which Charlotte is the county seat, gave
3500 majority for the Democratic county
ticket. Every eastern county was carried
by the Democrats, the majorities In some
of them being 3000. Most of the central
counties are also Democratic Returns
from tho west are incomplete.
Democratic. Chairman Slmmonds said
to-night: "I think we have a safe ma
jority or 50,000, and at least four-fifths of
the Legislature." .
DISFRANCHISEMENT OF
NEGROES IS CARRIED
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
Major Beddoes, Who Was in Command
of the Detachment, Receives a
1 Severe Wound.
BEKWAI. Ashanti. Augr. 1.— Major H. R. Beddoes, with 500 men and two
guns, started July 24 to locate the enemy's war camp. The camp was
found, the warriors numbering 3000 to 4000 men. after three days' marching
east of Dompessi. Several hours" fighting resulted in the defeat of the
Ashantls after a stubborn resistance. Major Beddoes' losses were heavy.
He and Lieutenants Phillips and Swaby were severely wounded. Thirty men
were also wounded. More troops will be necessary before the campaign can poa
sibly finish.
ASHANTIS DEFEATED BY
THE BRITISH FORCES
Display Great Bravery When Surprised by a
Force of Government Troops-Englishmen
Said to Command the Redskins.
OAXACA, Mexico, Aug. 2. — The military authorities here have received information that there has
been continued fighting between the Maya Indians and the troops in Yucatan for the last five days
* and that the rebels have been forced to abandon several of their strongest positions adjacent to
the city of Santa Cruz, where they have their headquarters and tribal government. The Indians were taken
by surprise several days ago by a force of about two thousand Government troops commanded by General
Bravo coming in on their right flank. After firing a few volleys when, this first onslaught was made by the
Government troops the. Indians retreated a short distance and then made a determined stand, which they have
held with persistence and great bravery.
It is charged the Mayas are led by several Englishmen, supposed to be from British Honduras.
MAYA INDIANS IN BATTLE
AGAINST MEXICAN TROOPS
BOMB EXPLODES IN
CITY HALL AT PATERSON
No Damage Don? Beyond the Start
ing of a Report That Anarchy :
Was Rampant.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— A bomb was acci
dentally exploded in a vault of the old
City Hall, now used as a Recorder's court
In Paterson, N. J., to-day. The loud re
port caused a sensation and a report that
anarchists had attempted to wreck the
City Hall quickly became current. No one
was seriously hurt.
A small dynamite bomb which ' was
seized by the police from an ItaHan boml>
maker a month ago and placed in the>
vault by the police for safe keeping wa3
accidentally kicked by one of the city of
ficials and the explosion followed; - •' ..
MEETS DEATH IN A ¦,¦;
VE^Y PECULIAR MANNER
3
C/he pays Pead
i|/| If you will overlook the noise, confusion |£|
i&i and inconvenience made by our carpenters i&J
I** j while at work, we will make amends for your mfM
lt|| trouble by selling you suits at one-half less |£l
I r>! : | than you would have to pay at any other I M£|
|p| time, i Below are a few of the reductions: is&l-
IflVj . • * &i* If I J~§ t 1 fc"^ I \_3 *"^ "^ lit V* • » J V^ 1 VJ- \*r 1 1 W 111 \J I 1 L 1 X Ci C~ V«/ 3£ J • ¦ 4 * B?t.h
wM Order ror * IM ° and $I? - CO are now o:in r*n 1-^1
Ipvjl Suits made in the same manner for - - JpiU«UU §|i\ : ||
M?iU Cheviots of good weight, formerly <£CJ Off ra^'ll
8te 2 $10.00, are now reduced to - - - vW«4o S**^P
|kv': I Ready- Other Cheviots in very desirable H^'§
B'£' : I jvi A patterns, which were $12.50, are <£O Q^ ll'^-ll
8|?£- Made now on sa j e f or ------ tpOoOO H$:.B
HjS I c -f Fancy Cheviots and black clay §*-'-^H
B-':t ; i "" u worsteds, worth $15.00, for they • « fl'^'fl
mg'. I once sold for that, price now - - JpOo4-0 P^p
Wfci 1 Boys 1 Suits of blue Cheviot, ages $ to 8 If :> ::^i
1 ?i % Middy years. We have sold them for six _ S^H
I '•£!]. Suits .^months at $2 2^ but now they go at tpl«4-t> W&M
I "£;£ I! New rials and Band Bows, all pure silk ; Kv'^S
I : ";;j8 Neckties best neckwear ever shown in Cali- q^ @^§B
I iv . ; |f Derby shapes and popular colors; material fe'-^'p
1 fjM ,Hats is better/ than you think, although Qflr* H---" I
i &M we Sel1 * hem for " " ' " " ~ c/ UG R :£; ISAN RAFAEL., Auk. 2.— War among the
Chinese shrimp fisheries has .been sus
pended and all the different shrimp camps
have pooled their : interests in one large
copartnership under the direction of
L.eong Lee," whose place of business will
be San Francisco." The San .Pablo. San
Pedro, California City and Redwood City
camps have waged war for years, cutting
the price of shrimps and carrying their
other ; differences ? into the courts. , where
they spent fortunes to -win. 'All, this la
now stopped and the union shrimp trust
will regulate the price of the product.
Sell at a Common Price.
Special .: Dispatch to The Call. , *
Camps Pool Their Interests and Will
SHRIMP WAR ENDED.
Zumwalt Case Get.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACEttVlI-I.E. Aug. 2.— This after
noon. In the Superior Court, the case of
the 1 People vs. Isatah Zumwalt, who, on
the evening of June 7 last, near Diamond
Springs, murdered his divorced wife, Julia
A. Zumwalt. his son, Georgec Zumwalt,
his Jnfant granddaughter— the ¦ daughter
of his son George— and who attempted to
murder his daugnter-ln-law, wounding her
severely, was set for trial on Tuesday,
September 18. The defendant. stood mute
and the court ordered a plea of not guilty
entered for him. He will be defended by
Judge Frederick Adams of this city. The
defense will undoubtedly be -insanity.
The clash occurred July 17. • About 5 a
week before over 100 miners were forced
to quit work along the beach at Topkuk
by soldiers, who were landed from the
United States transport Seward. Soldiers
were on duty day and night guarding the
clilt from being torn away by the miners,
who were only too eager to get at the
rich pay streak, which was already un
covered .for a width of several hundred
leet. • Under the condition of suspension
of work the miners were allowed to work
their dumps, which were pretty nearly
completed this week. This -< having been
done, the miners had a consultation and
determined to defy Uncle San and return
to work. The soldiers were all mustered
out on the beach, and with bayonets Ilxetl
attempted to force. the men to leave, but
not a man stirred. A parley ensued, with
the result that thirty or forty miners sub
mitted to i arrest and were put under
guards. Others quickly took the places of
the arrested ones and were in turn them
selves arrested, until tho soldiers have
now more than they can attend to.
A perplexing problem now is how to
feed and house tho arrested miners. If
they are not fed the soldiers are in dan
ger of being overpowered, unless relieved
by the revenue cutters or transports.
This trouble is the culmination of a con
test of the creek claimants of No. 1, of
which there are two factions. One fac
tion claimed to have located the tundra
claim in December last and was suffered
to be in possession. The other faction
claimed that because the initial monu
ments of the first faction were set. up on
the beach and not on the- tundra it was
not a legal location and was lumpable,
which they accordingly are alleged*' to
have done.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 2.— The first
Eerious trouble between the military and
the prospectors In the north this year re
sulted in the arrest of over 100 of the
miners who went to Topkuk, about fifty
miles south of Nome City. The men had
been forced to quit work on the Topkuk
beach by the authorities several dayB be
fore, but the ground had proven to be
rich! and they went back to work again.
Ten of the prisoners were brought to
Nome on July 20 and released on bonds.
If the Prisoners Are Not Properly
Taken Care of the Soldiers
May Be Attacked and
Overpowered.
THE FOOD PROBLEM IS SERIOUS
One Hundred Prospectors
¦ Arrested and More
Trouble Expected.
MINERS AND
GUARDS CLASH
NEAR NOME
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 2.-The closing
days of the State Christian Convention
are busy ones and the entire time to-day
has been devoted to business. The de
bates on the questions that have arisen
have been full of life.
The recommendations made by the com
mittees, which have reported, are of vital
Interest to every member of the church in
the State.
The Report of the committee on State
work was made by Rev, W. M. White of
San Francisco.. The committee on State
work recommends that the State north of
the Tehachapi be divided into four dis
tricts—Sonoma, Bay, Sacramento and San
Joaquin; that an evangelist be secured
for San Francisco and that an appeal be
made to the home board of missions for
$1000 for this work; also that the evange
listic work of the State be concentrated
to' strategic points and bo prosecuted
vigorously.
It was further recommended that Val
lejo should receive aid from the State
board.
The report of the educational committee
was presented by \V. M. White of San
Francisco. It was recommended that the
work pf raising ether endowments for the
Berkeley Bible Seminary be pushed with
vigor until the Berkeley Bible Seminary
fflmVan gfiLI neW %£*$$&
It was recommended that a summer
school hereafter be held at the park im
mediately following the State meeting and
to continue for four weeks, the schoof to
be under the dean of the Bible school
Rev. J. H. Hughes of Chlco and Rev G
W. Sweeney of Oakland were elected dele
fas e cit°- Natlona l Convention at Kan
.The report of the committee on resolu
tions was made by Rev. Georce w
Sweeney of Oakland. Be v%!
The resolutions were many and show
what an interest the church has at lar^e
for righteousness. , " e
They recommend -all ¦missionary offer
Ings be - made through the missionary
board of the church. ¦ '
On account of Vallejo's close connection
with the bay cities it was recommended
that it be taken from the Sacram^to dis
trict to tho bay district. 3
It was suggested that a census enumer
ator be appointed to gather the religious
census of tho Christian churches of Cili
fornia and report to the Government c'pn
sus enumerator. . lcu
That a historian be appointed to prepare
a' history of the work of this church in
California.
A blow was struck against the loose di
vorce laws in v the following resolution:.
We deplore the large Increase of divorces in
our Btate, and . the Christian Church places
Itself on record as belnsr unalterably opposed
to the divorce of Christians and remarriage.
-.The churches give' then- 'sunportH'o'i 'the
Anti-Saloon League, and their, sympatliir
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Resolutions Adopted Denouncing the
Laxity of the Divorce Laws
and Favoring the Anti-
Saloon League.
— -tsr
REPORTS OF THE COMMITTEES
State to Be Divided Into
Several Districts to
Facilitate Work.
BUSY DAY FOR
CHRISTIANS AT
SANTA CRUZ
District Attorney Bullock started to
cross-examine witness, but did 'not' finish
when court adjourned for the afternoon.
He will rtauine in.the morning.
He was dazed and almost senseless.
When he fell his hnt rolled under the ta
ble and he crawled under after it, coming
out on the opposite side.
I^ennon was standing and swearing, and
then rushed toward him ngnin, saying,
"You ; that ain't half you'll get." De
fendant started for the door and grabbed
the rifle, and as Lennon came toward hifn
he struck him twice with the rifle and
stopped him. The. men then had a fur
ther tusste and the rifle was accidentally
discharged. Witness then ran out of the
door and finally made his way to San
Francisco, where he was nrrested the fol
lowing day. When he left the Lennon
house he did not know whether Lennon
had been shot or not. ' -, '
Lennon had a bottle of whisky and
asked defendant to drink, but he refused.
He desired to get out of the house, as he
saw Lennon was in an ugly mood. He
said he was going to the McMahon house
on business und started out. Lennon ap
peared angry. Upon leaving the house he
went to the kennel to see his greyhound,
which had been sick. The hound had no
blanket on and witness went back to the
house and t asked Lennon where ;the
blanket was, to which Lennon replied that
he did not know anything: about it and
for him and his dog to go to . Lennon
was so angered that he ran at defendant,
struck him and knocked him down. After
he knocked him to the floor he beat him
with • his ¦ fists about the face. .Witness
called ."Help." "I'olioe." "Murder" and
everything else he could think of.
On the night of the tragedy Fitzgerald
said he met Lennon and went into the
house with him.
The day was largely taken up with the
testimony of Ftizgerald, the defendant.
Fitzgerald told the story of his relations
with Lennon substantially as was related
at the hearing of the case.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 2.— The trial of
John Fitzgerald for the murder of John
Lennon was resumed here to-day before
Judge W. P. Lawlor of San Francisco. I
Special DlBpatch to The Call.
Rifle Accidentally Discharged During
a Struggle and He Didn't Know
if His Antagonist Was
Struck.
WAS ATTACKED BY LEMON
Defendant Swears on the
Stand That He Acted
in Self-Defense.
FITZGERALD'S
STORY OF THE
COLMA MURDER
"Ensign Breakfast" a Unique Feat
ure at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 3.— One of the
most uniaue affairs ever given at an an
nual convention was the "Ensign break
fast," which the press committee of the
California Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union and the editorial staff of the
Pacific Ensign— the California temperance
organ— at 10 a. m. gave the officers and
delegates of the Congress of Reform. It
consisted of ten courses, each composed
entirely of such viands as tickle the in
tellectual rather than the material palate.
Borne of tho articles on tho menu were
"business manager's' rehash," "editorial
pi " "Ensign fruitage" and "printer's
stew." Mrs. Clare U. Southard of San
Francisco, chairman of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union press com
mittee, acted as toast mistress.
Political reform was the main -subject
of to-day's session of the congress. The
opening talk, "Christ In Government,"
was given by Rev. K. St. John of Kansas
City, Kans. Suffrage was then taken up, !
Mrs. S. M» M. Woodman of San Leandro
reading a paper upon the "Qualifications
for Suffrage In a Republic," which was a
strong plea for the rights of women al
the ballot box. Dr. Alida C. Avery of San
Jose spoke upon the unique topic, "Idiot
or Citizen," showing the picture of the
suffrage . question from a • physician's
standpoint A. H. Sanborn of San Fran
cisco, talked on the single. tax, /, ...
To-night 'the "grand gold medal" ora
torical contest was held, the Contestant*
KEFOBM DISCUSSED.
SALINAS, Aug. 2.— The fire which was
started in Chinatown last night did much
damage. The exact loss cannot and prob
ably never will be known. For a time all
Chinatown seemed doomed. The full Fire
Department turned out, but was greatly
hampered by the cutting of the hose,
which rendered the water supply useless.
The fire was of incendiary origin and It Is
supposed the motive was revenge. Many
citizens here are very bitter against the
Mongolians, and It Is asserted that the
overirritable ones laid a plot to destroy
the entire Chinese village.
The josshouse was the Initial point /Of
the fire and the entire structure was a
mass of flames before an alarm could be
turned in. The building and contents
were valued at over $4000 and are a total
loss The fire soon spread to the adjoin
ing'structures and two other buildings
were destroyed. The firemen finally
gained control of the situation, thus sav
ing the villase from complete demolition.
The whole matter, it is claimed, will be
investigated. .
Belief Grows That the Torch "Was
Applied by Some Person or
Persons Strongly Antago
nistic to Chinese.
WILL INVESTIGATE
FIRE AT SALINAS
Special Dlscatch to The Call.
NAPA Aug. 2.— Hugh Buchanan was
taken to Marysvllle this afternoon by
SherWT Bevan of Yuba County, where he
will continue his legal battle for freedom.
With his departure from hero the scene
and new developments In this celebrated
case have gone from Napa. Buchanan
was glad to leave the asylum where he
has been confined so long and has no fears
of the outcome In his trial for the murder
°His case is^'he second of its kind In the
United States, a similar one being had in
\ew York* several years ago. Buchanan
owes his release from the Napa asylum
t(T Theodore A. Bell, the brilliant District
Attorney of Napa County, who took up
his case and has. without money to aid
him. made an untiring and successful
fight in Buchanan's Behalf, especially
when the latter's friends and relatives
had deserted him. ,
Mr Bell at first was attorney of record
In the case, but when the case was heard
before Judge Jones he acted merely as a
friend of the court In the proceedings. In
the Supreme Court Mr. Bell was petitioner
In Buchanan's behalf. Mr. Bell deserves
all the credit In the case, as he prepared
all the legal work that was done. He will
eo to Marysville In a few days, but does
not know whether he will defend Buchan
an or not. This will be settled after Mr.
Hell has a conference with other parties
at Marysville.
Will There Continue the Legal Bat
tle for His Freedom Begun
Some Months Ago in
Napa.
BUCHANAN TAKEN
TO MARYSVILLE
THE Chilean bark Yosemite is In
trouble. She Is loaded and ready to
sail for Europe, but nearly half her
crew is missing. On Wednesday
night the boarding-house owners got
aboard while the master was uptown
and induced seven of the sailors to
desert. When ¦ Captain Lumbranos got
aboard yesterday morning he found the
pilot waiting to take the ship out. The
anchor was hove up short and everything
wns ready for an immediate start. The
men were not there, however, ami the
police flag was at once set in the mlzren
rigging. Officer Ferguson was pent out by
Captain Dunleavy. but when he got
aboard everything had simmered down
and Captain Lumbranas had decided to
wait until another lot of "A. B.'s" had
been procured before proceeding to sea.
This will mean at least a week's delay, as
sailors are very scarce on the front.
The Ycsemite has. had a hard time of It
ever since making port. On July 12 she
anchored off Powell-street wharf, ami
that night the Sir Robert Fernle. was in
collision with her. Then some of her men
quit her, but went back aboard, again. On
Wednesday night, when it seemed that
everything was ready aboard for an early
start, the runners got aboard with some
water-front whisky and tho consequence
was seven deserters.
The four-masted bark Poltalloch is now
out 166 days from Hamburg for Santa
Rosalia, and 8 per cent is being paid by
the underwriters to reinsure her.
enlarged and a new barber-shop put in
place.
• MOVEMENTS OF TRANSPORTS.
Captain Pierce of the Warren has been
transferred back to" his old command,
master of the Sheridan. When Captain
Hart was taken sick he was given com
mand of the Sheridan and Captain Pierce
was sent out on the Warren. During the
voyage of the Warren to Manila Captain
Hart died and Chief Officer Frazier of the
Sheridan was made captain. Frazier now
goes out as master, of the Warren and
Pierce takes back his old command.
The Warren is now scheduled to take
the Ninth Cavalry to China, and another
vessel— probably the Logan— will go to
Manila. The Universe is nearly ready to
sail for China with food for the men
and horses In China. T.orentz Foard. the
well-known shin chandler, is going to
make the roflnd trip In the Universe.
WATER FRONT I NOTES.
Purser Harry Hyde of the steamer Del
Norte has resigned and Is going as pilot
on one of the San Joaquin steamers. His
place wilt be taken on the Del Norte by E
Place.
The British ship Milverton Is now out
15S days from Antwerp for San Francisco
and 5 per cent reinsurance Is being paid bv
the underwriters. *?
The Toyo Kisen Kalsha's steamer
America Maru palls for China to-day.
Among those who will go away on her
will -be UnUed States Commissioner Rock
hlll and Major General Wilson. A groat
number of improvements have been made
on the vessel during her stay In port. The
upper deck has been extended, the saloon
Captain Hall of the steamer Walla
Walla fathers the latest fish story. The
steamer was oft Flattery when a tlock of
"whale birds" appeared right under the
port bow. There was a proat commotion
in the water, and a close investigation
showed it to be an immense sea lion
playing with a giant halibut. The flsh
was tossed Into the water by the seal and
caught as it fell back again. As it rose
in the air the whale birds would make si
swoop and secure small portions of the
fish. • The game of battledoo and shuttle
cock was still going on when the sea lion
and halibut' were hull down on the hori
zon. •
AMERICA MARU SAILS FOR CHINA.
ANOTHER FIPH STORY.
The schooner Mary and Ida arrived from
Bering Sea yesterday with a good catch
of fish. She brings to port 10d.O'K) cod and
reports the barkentine Fremont with
ISo.OOO. the barkentine Arajo with 150,000
and the Stanley with 61,000 ftsb. The catch
has evidently been a good one this senson
and the fishermen will have "money to
burn" on the return of the fleet.
STEALING SAILORS FROM THE CHILEAN BARK YOSEMITE.
COOPER EXONERATED.
Jury Holds That He Was Justified
In Killing A. L. Bassett.
Special l»!f>j«if», to The Call.
.RED BLUFF. Aug. 2.— An inquest was
held t«-<3ay on the body of Arthur L'. Bas
i>ptt. who was LiJIed by his father-in-law;
(i. W.' Coopt-r. near Paskenta. Tuesday
evenirg. According to the testimony. Bas
* U c fc.ea) hlB wife and attempted to kill
iier. • '
Word was brought to Cooper that the
womB.n wrs? <iea<f and he lmmedia,tely
nought cut Hasten. He found him Pit
ting in the yard. Bassett drew a knife
v.tien he raw Ccoper and. the latter fired
two shots with fatal efTect. The Jury
brought In a verdict of Justifiable homi
cide. . Ba5«^tt had an unenviable reputa
tion and W3B but recently released from
crison.
CONFUSION AT THE
WASHINGTON CONVENTION
Republicans Spend the Day in a
. Struggle Over the Temporary
." : :• ; . ; Organization.
SEATTLE. Anp. 2.— The Republican
con<-ertipn. of King. County, called to nom
inate "a county t!<ket and Indorse a can
didate for Governor of Washington, met
fit 11 -o'clock this morning: All day longr
the hall has -been the scene of the wild
est' confusion and. disorder ever known
in the 'political history of the county. The
fttUEJETle begran over the temporary or
«ran!za't!oti. the county, cotiimittee officers
who were •Httaoliei! to the candidacy of
Mayor Humes for pubernatorial indorse
ment proclaiming the election of Frank
P. i«ettis, 'candidate of the Huroes-Guie
forces a» temporary chairman, although
P^n^tor KrinH's supporters claim, and the
assertion is not denied, that the total
roiS counted footed up 4S0. whereas the
official call tshows that only 406 delegates
are in the committee. When the result
»vas .announced the reaflUrg ckrk mated
tnat S. U. rilp?, candidate of the Frlnk
fiirces. had received 2SS l j votes, which
the Ptfnk men elaim is a majority of all
icgral Totes, in the convention.
¦ In the midst of great excitement and
.fervent protest of the Frink . managers
Lewis took the chair and thereafter ruled
af'aihst every attempt of the Frink Iead
<er« to sei ure a recount During the af
trrnown two appeals were taken from the
djectafboa - of <;hfUrroan I^wls and both
the chair dciFions were reversed, the
Frir.k forces rallying a majority of 33
against the chairman's , decisions. Long
and excited debate followed and the con
vention at about 5;30 adjourned until 9
o'< % r<*>rk to-raorrow morning, leaving the
question of a recount on the election of
tetni>orary chnirman still unsettled.
Jle .confirms the stand' taken by Everts
la tb^ following language.
: 1 have been -unable to find any r-nvislon mt
the law tt-hich authorize* the holding of an
election to fill a vacanr-y ir. an elective office.
r.»3rtinK re^iion S. *ut><5iriFion 19 nf the Count?
«;'ov«-rrm--«»nt Act of 1S37 with spot ion -3 or said
art. i am of the ojvf.n'.nn that the phrase "Or
until. the next gTieral election'" ra^ans th» next
Central election at Tihich a GOTeraOf is to be
eleetwt: I therefor* conclude that the ap
j.nlnt»e to 1511 .B vacancy in an eteetMM county
<fff>p*. hnlrte for the full un«>Tpirfd term for
which liie pred«w»Fr>r was elected.
The opinion affocts all county officers in
the Etate who were appointed by Boards
cf Supervisors to fill vacancies.
Opinion of Attorney General Ford in
the Case G. P. Cummings Chosen
I as Assessor in Fresno
County.
ferial Ittspstch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 2.— Attorney General
Tirey L. Ford sent to District Attorney
Evorts of : Fresno County to-day an im
portant opinion w.tileh will be of interest
to poliiicians in various parts of the
State. The recent death of County As
sessor Ferg'json created a vacancy which
th« Board of Supervisors filled by the
eppointment 'nt li. P. 'Cummings. Th»
yw^tion . arcs* a« to whether Cumm'.ng6
would hold office until 1903 for the unex
plred term or only, until the next general
election In November.
Inverts held that he would remain in of
fice for the tulj term, but many lawyers
doubted the opinion and the Attorney
General was asked to decide the question.
TENURE OF OFFICE
OF AN APPOINTEE
FULLER IS SLATED TO
SUCCEED HUGHES
Has Been a Leading Attorney in San
Diego for Years and Associated
"With the Governor in
Law Cases.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Au??. 2.— Governor Case
hfls decided upon a candidate to succeed
the late Judge Hughes of the San Diego
County Superior bench. The successor
will be Thomas Fuller, for thirteen years
past a lf-ading San Diego attorney. "Gov
ernor Gage will makty'the appointment
upon his return to Sacramento from this
city.
The Governor reached a decision In the
matter this afternoon. He has known Mr.
Fuller for many years and has been as
sociated with him in law cases both in
this and in San Diego counties. There
fore his knowledge of the coming Judge
is close and patinies the Governor of his
own wisdom in making the appointment.
The appointment will be made within the
next few days.
AGED MEN QUARREL
AND ONE IS KILLED
"William Dempsey Struck a Fatal
Blow by J. W. Maze, Who Is
Past Three Score, in Paso
Boblea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBI.ES. Aug. 2.— William Demp
sey. an aged resident of this city, died this
afternoon from the effects of injuries re
ceived in a row last night. Deceased dis
puted with J. XV. Maze over a dollar, when
the latter attacked him, knocking him
down and kicking him, breaking several
of his ribs.
The Coroner was summoned and an in
quest will be held. Maze has been taken
to the County Jail. Dempsey was about
70 years of age and his assailant was over
60.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofflce Established, Pensions
Granted and Postal Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— The following
postofflce has been established: iloyle.
Los Angeles County. Cal., Joseph Moylei
postmaster. The postofflce at El Nido wiii
be discontinued August 15; .mail will be
sent to Dulsur.
Postmaster commissioned — Dana S
i-uce. Merton. San tMego County. Cal. Ao
pointeVJ—W. A. Sparks, Columbia City
King County, Cal., vice A.. H. llepler re
moved.
Rural free delivery will be established
August J5 at Suver. Polk County. Or
Pensions granted to-day: California—
Original-William H. H. .Curtis. Los An
geles. J6: William. A. Brotherton. Visalla
tfi; Abram Ayala. Santa Barbara. $6- John
Rayson Ree<l. Oro, $10: George Senator
San Jose. fs : Charles SchrotT. San Fran
cisco J6. Increase-Lars Peterson, Napa.
18. Reissue and increase— I'ornelius Mc-
Caffrey, San Francisco. $12. Original
widows— Lydia A. Bhulte. Frultvale, |l"
Oregon— Original— John G. Bleakne'v
Wilhoit, W: Wllliajn M.. Dickey Cottage
Grove. $6. Additional-John R WiHianfs
Oregon City. $S. -Restoration-Isaac Bum
gartner. Deer Island. S6. n
Washington— Original widows— Mary A
SS& ( F>« th^). Willtown. $12. War with"
Spain- John F. Dunn, Tacoma, $G.
Packing House Burned.
hr*<-la! I>!«|.atrli to The Call
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2.-The packing
house and steamer landing of J. l,. K r- e
chival on- Grand Island, opposite Walnut
Grove, on the Sacramento River were
destroyed by fire this evening. The loss
18 estimated I to be $1200 with no Insurance
Jh« Earl Fruit Company and A. C
Phillips also lost to some extent on lum
ber and packing material. The fire is
supposed to have been of Incendiary orl-
Znglehardt Acquitted.
J'hxAUJiA, Aug. 2-Ju^tice King has
dismissed the charge of grand larceny
made apalnst Fred Englehardt. the well
known cattle man. by Banker A: 13. Hill,
r-nplehardt. was accused of stealing a
house rrpni-: property owned, by Hill,
tng'ehardt had owned the property but
had lost It on a mortgage.
Boarding=House .Runners Ply Their Trade on the Bay
at Night— -America Maru Sails for
China.
SAILORS INDUCED TO DESERT
THE CHILEAN BARK YOSEMITE
Body of Bert Carter Found Hanging
to a Tree With a Warning
Pinned to His Breast
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAWLIXS. Wyo.. Aug. 2.— It la reported
here thrtt one lynching has occurred as a
result of the war In Routt County between
cattlemen and sheepmen. • The body of
Bert Carter was found hanging to a tree
near. Slater, Colo., yesterday. It had been
there for several days.
Pinned to the coat was a card bearing
the words: 'Tou may look all you want
to. but don't make any inquiries."
There was much excitement here over
the report that Carter had been lynched.
Carter is a well-known stockman. The
ranchmen are forming a posse to investi
gate Mr. Carter's death.
WELL-KNOWN STOCKMAN
LYNCHED IN COLORADO
Saturday morning last as a member of
the Third Artillery, regular army of tho
L'nited Statps. An investigation developed
the fact that Bush escaped from the asy
lum at Stockton on July 2j and that ha
had not been discharged from that instir
ution when he enrolled under the starry
banner to march on to Poking-. : ¦
Bush was one of the best known young
men In Sacramento. At one time he was a
member of the local signal corps- and' his
reputation was good. Some months ago
Bush went to San Francisco ar.d procured
a license to marry a well-known Sacra
mento girl, then livinp In Oakland, with
out the formality of becoming ehKaEjed to
her. She refused him and he returned to
Sacramento. One night he was found
wandering on the rlvtr bank, revolver in
hand, and he was taken in custody, exam
ined and committed la the Stockton asy-
STOCKTON-. Aug. 2.-At the state Hos
pital It 1j< staatrd that Eush was on parole
and that he was about to have been dis
charged us cured. He had been attlicted
with melancholia, owins. It is reported
to the death of his mother. It is believe.!
lie became Impatient waitir.g for the for
mal discharge.
some months ago to the Stockton A3ylum
for the Insane, had sailed for China on
SACRAMENTO. Auc 2.— From a pri
vate source in San Francisco this mornir.y
the Bee learned that Delna Bush, a well
known young Sacramentan, committed
being Miss Grace Dean. Miss Isnl* Ken
nedy. Fred R Dean ami R W Sweetlanii
of Morgan Hill. Alexander s'h^iffs and
b !?£&SS JlJse ana ***
ESCAPED LUNATIC
IN THIRD ARTILLERY
Delna Bush Eludes the Guards at
Stockton, Enlists and Is Now
on His "Way to
is extended to the missionaries and om
"Se'st^e'board. with the
convention next yeai\ xf-rsiiinneh
This afternoon Rev. J. H. Me C""""""
conducted a memorial service in ™ c ™ or /
of Rev. W. A. Gardner, for man> years
one of the most prominent men or ine
church in the State and for several years
a pastor In San Francisco.
This evening Rev. A. W. Sapp of San
J TpEan1 d incident of the convention
has been the presentation of a ??™\*}, ze <]
purse of gold to Rev. R. L. McHatton of
the Santa Cruz church, who has done w
much for the churches of the State. He
was pleasantly surprised and a PP rP V^.'i
the gift, as It came from appreciative
brothers in the ministry and friends.
To-morrow temperance day will be one
of the biggest features of the convention.
TWIN IiAKES ASSEMBIiY.
Interesting Lecture on Japan by Rev.
Richard Halsey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 2.— The assembly
at Twin Lakes is proving to be the best
ever held. The attendance is larger and
room? cannot be obtained at the hotel at
this resort this week. The programme
this vear is also by far the best ever
given" and the sessions are increasing in
interest each day. .
The Bible study was on "The -foes of
Jesus." and was ably conducted by lie*.
Richard Halsey. pastor of the First Bap
"ko^? £ a Way y of the California
Baptist College gave an ex^fd 1 "* 1 ?".,!";
teiesting studv on the Cambridge authors
—Henry \\\ Longfellow. James Russell
Lowell and Oliver Wendell Holmes.
The children's Bible class was led by
the State Sunday school missionary. D. i .
evening Rev. Richard Halsey gave
a lecture on Japan, which was profusely
illustrated with stereopticon views.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
4
FLAMES SWEEP THROUGH
FORESTS IN THE SOUTH.
Martin -s Camp on Hount Wilson Cut Off and
the Water Supply of Pasadena Is
Threatened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS A N< IK I. ITS. Aur-. 2.— Martin** f'fimp on Mount VvllFon baa been cut
off from mniraunJcation with this city by the fire in the Sierra Mndres.
Tbe .telephone line was <1estr«ive;l lust nigrht. It !s not known how. far
the f.re. hns progressed since the twenty-FOven mutineers came out of
thf mmutahsB- nl?rht before la««t. AVh.it fate has in store for the people
r.r.d property at Martin's nivl Sfurtevant's Is not known.
The or.ly thing certain about the fire Is that Jt is rapidly spreading and
may fcr weeks.
T>ast night the Tnmes were plainly visibl** from every elevated point in
Los ATip>l'"?. Tlie f!re «wmo<1 to be working westward.
JCobMy l c ComiDft out of the mountains and the' electric railroad com
pany is sending out jinrties of fire fighters n? fast as men can be gathered.
The fire hfis broken DOt near the Half- Way Hou«e. It is still burning on
Monrovia Peak and In th»» we«=t fork Faction. The Mount Wilson toll road
company Is acting will: the electric rniirond company in sending out men.
Corsi'lemblo <!i<sni1«f:*cHon 1? rnanlfpstwl at the advertisements Announcing
erroneously thrit the trails ?o Wilsons Penk are ra'e for travelers. A ptrty
ronf'.FtinK of Ju''jre .IMllon"? flautrhters of I/is Atig-elos and others returned
this TO-imiriK- after an Ineffectual attempt to make the trio except with great
risk to life: :' ;
Word has-been received thnt the fire has crossed into a small canyon trib
utary to Knton' Canyon. Pasadena's water supply Is threatened.
The Board of Trnde met ihls morriimv and t^eured permission from Com
mipsi'iner A!lrn of I^os Angeles to send up a party of mm this afternoon over
the new Wilsons Peak trail to fight off ihl? danger. Should the fire make any
great h«>a<1wa\v in Eaton Canyor. the entire water supply of Pasadena may
be rut off. as ¦ i* Is from Eaton Canyon thst th*» water comes which keeps
alive Pasadena's lawns, groves and orchards. Clyde Barnhart Is, in charge
of thirty-five fire fighters who went to the mountains last night. Sixteen men
went from Sierra Mariro and nineteen from Pasadena. The party had in
structions to cut a path across the course of the fire so as to protect Mount
T>o-w<». which is In jomi 1 danger, and then to proceed to Martin's Camp and
fight the fire in that vicinity.
"Nearh' &A men are working night and day to put out those forest fires,"
sail General R. F\ Allen to-day.
The f=p«al<eT 1* superintendent of the Government'? forest reserve In this
Plate and is. In. full charge tf the great stretches of timber land threatened
by the fires that started In the Santa Anita Canyon ten days ago
"W» are dolrg everything in our power to head oT the flames. As soon
B<t th» flre was reported to me I rushed nil our best forest rangers to the spot.
Tlrrry available man we could secure was employed both from here, from
Pasadena and: from- neighboring towns. . The Government axithorized the em
ployment of air the men I deemed ncep<==jiry at 2fl cents per hour and food and
tools furiiisfcefl. • Even then we couldn't get rren enough.
: "In addition to cur own men under the forest ranpers, I have author
ised the employment of separate pangs of men by reliable parties who .ire
vitally Interested. The Mount Wilson people have a force of twenty or thirty
mm wtpT- their foreman, all -paid by the Government. I authorized the
Board of Traije of Pasa«!ena to emplr.y thirty or forty men. and that hoard
ha* ahout twenty m»n In the mountains. The Pan Gabriel Kleetrie Company
pent up twenty or more men last night with my authority, and the Azusa
citizens' committee sent up about twenty-five ranchers under Mr. Ilendrick's,
who is well known at Azusa." $
A Innre grass fire Is burning south of here In the Pan Antonio hills.
Much pasturage has been burned over end a large amount jit fencing has
been cestroved. At Lyttnns and Fitch Mountain a nre. started by a spark
from a railroad engine, swept over hundred? of acres and did great damage.
At Be:r.nett Valley another grass fire is burning.
GILROY. Aug. 2. — Gtlroy has had a siege of fires the past three days. The
first was on llondaynight. in the oil rooms of Lewis Brothers, grocery
store. Prompt work' of 'he Fire Department raved the frame store adjoin
ing and confined the : blaz a to the back sheds. The lo?s was about $150, fully
insured. Had the. fire occurred a couple of hours later nothing would have
savpd ;tbe whota business block.
We<1n*f=<1ay evenln«r Rt T o'clock the residence of Robert Fredrlckson was
totally (Vptroyed liy f.re, with the contents; no insurance. Adjoining houses
were sav^d bjTthe firrmon.
At noon time to-day fifteen acres of stubble were destroyed in Bannister's
fl^li. west of town.- Grain had been threshed and was in bags on the prround.
Th<> ranch hands and h^ip from town confined the fire to the fifteen acres
aryl saved the large barn on the ranch.
VALI.EJO, :Aug. 2.-- Grass at the City and St. Vincent's cemeteries
caught fire this morning and spread raploly. burning all the wooden fences
nnri J>«.i<1Knnr<Vc !»n,1 seorrhir.jr many trees.
MURDER SUSPECT KING
IS SEEN IN SAN RAFAEL
Calls at the Home of Prison Director Wttkins
Early In the Morning and Asks
for Food.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 2.— A man supposed to be J. E. Klngr, the much
hunted murderer of H. S. Church, was seen in this city at about 7
o'clock this morning. Early this morning a man called at the residence
of State Prison Director J. P. Wilkins and asked the servants for some
thing to eat. He was covered with dust and seemed very much fatigued.
When he came to the house he carried a small stick, which he used as a
cane. He affected to be very lame until he left the premises, when he dis
carded his stick and walked away with only a slight limp.
- The women who saw the man are positive that he answers the description
of King. When shown King's photograph the women were positive that It was
that of their morning caller. Miss Sarah Hunter and Mrs. Hannah McCarthy
•were Interviewed by the authorities, who ar£ now making every effort to flr.d
the man. It is possible that King in his flight doubled back through this
county and has thus been able to elude the officers who are searching In So
noma and Mendocino counties.
If King is here It is believed by the officers that he Is trying to get to. San
Francisco, from which place he will endeavor to reach Lower California or
Mexico. King would be at home in that part of the country, as he lived there
for years. Circulars have been sent by the Sheriffs office to all the police
authorities in the State, giving a detailed description of Kins and advertis
ing the fact that there is a $500 reward for his capture.
PETALUMA, Aug. 2.— Governor Gage has Increased the reward for mur
derer King from $200 to $300. Two hundred dollars was offered by relative of
the murdered man Church. Posters with his portrait and description are being
circulated by Sheriff Taylor. j:
Are You Registered P
If not go at once" to City Hall. Offlce
open 8:30 a. m. to 10 p. m. continuously. •
A TWErRTTRTrM I-'.M r p=E
OOOOOOOOO 0 O O O O O OOOOOOOOO
\OF*HIRl
o II 3 a El j o
! STOCK 1 1
o o
o . — o
8 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable,|
8 Holder Secured Against Loss. §
§ 8OO ACRES §
§IN COALING A DISTRICT.X
§ ALL* OF SECTION. M. g
O ONE-FOUJlTH OF SECTION H. q
q TOWNSHIP n SOUTH.: Q
Q RANGE 15 EAST. M. D. M. Q
Q PRODUCING WELLB'ON ALL. SIDEao
O CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. Q
| OPHIR OiTcOMPANY, f
| Room 14, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.8
Q 8AN FRANCISCO. Q
Q Los Angeles Offlce — 402 Douglas Block. Q
oooooooooooooooooooooodo
U^Jjak I d° DOt b^licTp thero
JgSjOjiS»^ ** a case °^ djsn*p-
sia, indigestion or
Wt&r" an y •tomach trouble
iwT -JPmI 1 * 141 cannot be re-
K9 -^£g§3 lieyed at one» and
c# **5£f t! ~iiEte&& permanently cured
\T yjf^ £ y m y DYSPEPSIA
,>W^^^^g3aw. At all drujrsrists.
23c - * Ti *L Guide
vf|^|*nK7 to Health an <* med »-
I I r cal advice free. 1505
' Arch street. Phila.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
nave been la use ov«r arty
years by the leaders o f n t "*
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure, thu
worst cases In eld and rounsr
•rising: from effects of ¦elf-
abuse, dissipation, excess?* or
clsarette-smoklng. Cures Lost
Manhood Impotency. Lost
_•, . _ rower, Nlcht Losses Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. EvU Desires. Larne Ea<£.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitnes, to Ma£
ry. Loss of Semen. --. Varleoce!# or Con-
:&»»» £>pjzr £££§
Impart vigor and CEWTS potency to- every
function. Don't eet despondent- a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped onrans.
Stimulates the bTain and nerve centers: 50c a
box: S for *2 SO by mall. A written guarantee ta
cure or money refunded with « boxes. Circular^
free. * Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Em,
St.. San Francisco. Cal., ORAXT DRUQ CQ_
38 and 40 Third St. ""**•In the Divorce Court.
Emma Heller was granted a divorce
from Joseph Heller by Judge Hebbard
yesterday on the ground of willful deser
tion. The divorce suit instituted by May
J. Turner against Robert Turner has b«en
taken under consideration by the same
court. Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Merenius Riis against Jorglne
Rlls for desertion. Helen M. McLaughlln
against John L. McLaughlln for cruelty.
W. J. Hollister against Etta R. Hollister
for desertion. Barbara Hoffman against
Albert Hoffman for intemperance. A.
Tilms against Gertrude Tilms for deser
tion, Lottie Paton against Frank "W. Pa
tor, for failure to provide,. Minnie Patrick
against Benjamin H. Patrick for failure
to provide and A. E. Fox against Henry
Ij.~ Fox; same ground. •
There were two hours of yesterday
afternoon that W. D. Valentine spent un
comfortably before Judge Cabanisa. He
was explaining that he never gave any
money to Phi: Crlmmtns to protect his
tape game; that he had all the bona fide
stock necessary to back up his transac
tions, and that he received instructions as
to how to buy and sell. Nevertheless, he
was evidently nervous, for his explana
tions had the flavor of fake upon them,
and the "letter" of instructions, upon
which he based the burden of the evidence
he gave under cross-examination, was
nothing more than a tape, which just
fitted the reel seized in his place of busi
ness. This reel had no connection with a
telegraph wire, according to the testimony
of Police Lieutenant Martin, who seized
it. and it was guiltless of any influence
either of the stock market or the wheat
pit. ' It was Just a jumble of numbers, by
courtesy termed quotations, which Val
entine wished the court to believe repre
sented the actual fluctuations of the stock
he sold.
After denying that he had had any con
versation with Rumble during nine years.
Valentine went on to say that when Sam
Rankin, the policeman bought two shares
of Excelsior Gold Mining Company stock
there were 200 shares of the stock in the
possession of the firm to meet any de
mand upon it. Valentine was asked where
he got this stock, and he showed a cer
tificate for the 200 shares, which he said
had been sent out to him from Chicago
by William Seward. With the certificate,
he said. Seward sent out a letter of in
struction telling him how the stock was to
be sold. This -letter" was the tape. The
tape started off with "Please buy or sell
the following stocks at the prices named."
Then followed a series of letters and num
bers, which interpreted, meant the dif
ferent stocks and the prices they were
to be quoted at. -
Prosecuting Attorney Coffey tried hard
to get the method of working the tape
and reel from the witness, but the latter's
position as a defendant protected him,
the court not allowing the questions. Cof
fey is anxious to go into the matter, how
ever and when court adjourned Judge
Cabaniss announced that he would look
the matter up and be able to decide to
day just how far the cross-examination
can proceed.
Valentine Is the first witness for the
defense. It is probable that he will be
the only Important one.
W.D.Valentine Kept Dodg
ing Pertinent Questions
Dy uoney.
UNCOMFORTABLE
HOURS FOR ONE
OF THE POOLMEN
County Clerk's Report.
County Clerk Deane has filed with the
Mayor his report for the fiscal year end-
Ing June 30. The report covers ail mas
ters relating to the conduct of the office.
Including receipts and expenditures. A
conspicuous fact shown by it is that dur
ing the fiscal year covered by the report
a saving of $39,864 65 over the • preceding
year was : made.
Democratic Club Meeting.
The Twenty-ninth Assembly District
Democratic Club held a meeting last night
at 824 Howard street. President J. J.
Sweeney In the chair. The secretary an
nounced that there were 525 names on the
club roll. Thomas E. Curran, secretary
of the State Central Committee; J. M.
O'Connor, J. E. Murphy. Supervisor S. L.
Braunhart and Max Popper addressed the
meeting. . '
Republicans at Harmony Hall.
, The Regular Republican Club of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District met last
evening at Harmony Hall, corner Erie
and Mission streets, with Vice President
McLennan occupying the chair. This or
ganization is composed of members of the
upper and lower end clubs of the district
now combined— with John J. Moran as
president. The regular routine business
was transacted, time being mostly con
sumed by the reading of resolutions rati
fying the nomination of McKinley and
Roosevelt.
I A committee was appointed to petition
the County Central Committee for recog
nition in the ensuing primary elections
and the following names were, announced
as having been placed* on the executive
committee: John J. Moran and Cliff Mc-
Clellan. ex-offlclo members; C. W. Baker
J. J. - McDade,. James Smiley. " C. De La
Fontaine. Charles Schroeder. W. M. Dea
ley." Frank McQuaid.«J. B.Lande.' R j
Allen; August Weimann, John J. O'Brien'
John Kirby, Frank Zan, Louis H. -Ander
son^ Harry Beasley, James P. Kane E
M. Browne, E.' I. Robinson and John Wll
cox, .
Judge Shaw Denies Mint Superin
tendent I/aach's Motion for a
Transfer.
Judge Luclen Shaw made an order yes
terday denying the motion of Superintend
ent of the Mint Frank H. Leach for the
transfer of the damage suit instituted
against him by ex-Police Court Clerk
Thomas B. O'Brien. Leach caused the
removal of O'Brien from the Mint steps
while the latter was haranguing a crowd
on "British Atrocities in South Africa" a
few months ago, and O'Brien sued for
heavy damages. Superintendent Leach
as the suit was the result of an occurrence
on Government - property, asked for a
transfer to the Federal court. Judge Shaw
denied the motion for a transfer on the
ground that the complaint does not dis
close the fact that the case arises under
the constitution or laws of the United
States. In the event of an adverse Judfr
ment, however, the defendant has a rem
edy by appeal to the Supreme Court of "the
State and from there by writ of error to
the Supreme Court of the United States
STATE COURT WILL TRY
O'BRIEN'S DAMAGE SUIT
Max Goldberg, chairman of the Fifth
Congressional District Republican Com
mittee, has issued a call requesting that
committee to meet Saturday, August 4. at
2 p. m. in the office cf J. Alva Watt, Mills
building. In the notice advising members
of the meeting the chairman writes:
As the State Central Committee will hold a
meeting the same afternoon at 3 o'clock to
consider the manner In which delegates to the
Congressional convention shall be chosen, it is
in gently requested that you be present at this
meetlne. as matters of the greatest importance
will come before our meeting for discussion.
The Democratic County Committee,
JasDer McDonald chairman, will meet
this evening at B'nal B'rlth Hall to con
sider plans for selecting delegates to the
nominating conventions. The Democratic
State Executive Committee will meet to
morrow afternoon at the California Ho
tel
The Republican State Central Commit
tee will meet at Golden Gate Hall to-mor
row afternoon. A large attendance is ex
pected t
The stalwart Anti-Bos3 Republicans of
the Forty-first Assembly District have
established a permanent organization to
be known as the Central Republican Club
of the district. Hon. Horace Davis 1 is
president of the club. At a meeting in
Franklin Hall night before last many new
members signed the roll. The young men
of the Forty-first are giving their time
and energies to the support of this or
ganization, which promises to do effective
work in the cause of good government
and clean politics. The example shown
by the good citizens of the Forty-first
should be followed by Republicans resid
ing In other sections of the city. ' Bosses
of the Kelly-Crimmins type will not be
able to control a single district delega
tion In the State or County Convention
if Republican citizens, property owners
and workingmen will take time to organ
ize clubs and put forward representative
men to serve as delegates.
The Kahn Club of the Thirty-first As
sembly District has organized by the elec
tion of the following named officers:
President, James Lawlor; vice presi
dent Park Wall: treasurer, Richard Mc-
Donald: secretary, Thomas Breslin; ser
geant at arms, John Tierney.
Call for Meeting of Fifth
Congressional District
Committee.
CAMPAIGN DUTY
OUTLINED BY
REPUBLICANS
Blackmail Levied on the Gamblers.
Chief Sullivan says that he will prefer
to the service. There were many rumors
flying about and I made a thorough in
vestigation. I discovered conditions in
reigns in the Chinese quarter. They have
a large and a dangerous field before them,
but their superiors believe that they will
be equal to the task.
no charges against Sergeant Mahoney.
"I made the change in the Chinatown de
tail," said Chief Sullivan last night, "be
cause I believe that it will be beneficial
SERGEANT PATRICK MAHONEY.
SERGEANT PATRICK MAHONEY
IS REMOVED FROM CHINATOWN
Wholesale Gambling
and Lottern Plan
ing bn White Men
and Bobs Permitted
Chinatown which convinced me that the
squad was not as aggressive as It should
be and I therefore ordered the change."
The conditions to which Chief Sullivan
refers have been matters of common gos
sip for months. Chinese and whites alike,
passed them from mouth to mouth. A
casual observer could see in passing that
the Police Department had either decided
to permit Chinese gamblers and male
factors to have full swing or some pro
tecting influence was at work to allow the
Chinese their coveted licenses to disobey
the law. Common gossip had it that the
Chinese contributed $1500 a week to be
permitted to conduct their gambling
houses, lottery agencies, opium dens and
disreputable resorts without interference.
This Is an enormous tariff to pay— even
for the Chinese to pay — and experts de-
Clare that it is fully twice as much as
blackmailers had ever exacted before In
the history of the district. It was the
very extravagance of blackmail which
precipitated the crash. But the Chinese,
under this regime, had one advantage.
They enjoyed the gambling patronage of
whites as well as of their own race. A
gambling resort in the Globe Hotel, on
Dupont and Jackson streets, was a favor
ite place for degenerate white gamblers
to mingle with the Chinese.
Boys in Chinese Gambling Bens.
An outline of conditions in the Chinese
quarter will illustrate the delinquencies of
Sergeant Patrick Mahoney, who now holds
the record for his lack of arrests in the
district. The sergeant in charge is sup
posed to know the location of every
gambling den in Chinatown and suppress
it. Sergeant Patrick Mahoney should
have at least known what has been public
property for months. He should have
known that during his sojourn in China
town there have been nineteen gambling
houses on Ross alley, five on Fish alley,
one on Sullivan alley, eleven on Waverley
place, nine on Washington street and two
on Dupont street. Sergeant Mahoney
should have known also that each of these
gambling-houses has contributed $10 a
week to some one for the privilege of
doing an illegal business.
Any one casually informed could have
told Sergeant Patrick Mahoney that there
are lottery headquarters on Waverley
place, Dupont street, Ross alley, St. ImuIs
alley, Jackson street. Commercial street,
Sacramento street and Stockton street.
Every one of these places has been in
operation since Sergeant Mahoney went
into Chinatown. At every one of them
every night there has been a stream of
men and boys playing the deceptive lot
tery game of the coolies. If Sergeant
Mahoney had made inquiries he would
have learned that in addition to these
central lottery bureaus there are more
than eighty lottery agencies in the Chi
nese quarter, each with its little army
of white, black and yellow patrons.
If Sergeant Patrick Mahoney had re
ceived that information he no doubt would
have been inspired to «eex more and ho
would have learned from the tongue of
gossip the startling information that each
lottery headquarters paid to some one $15
a week for the privilege of remaining
open and that' each of the eighty lottery
agencies paid $7 60 a week to the same
person for the same privilege. It Is really
a matter of surprise to his superiors that
the worthy sergeant did not hear of these
outrageous rumors. He even did not
know that there are scores of opium
joints in the Chinese district and that the
proprietor of each resort pays to some
one, presumably the same gentleman who
levied tribute upon the gamblers, from $2
to $2 50 a week to smoke his pipes ia
peace.
For these and other reasons Sergeant
Patrick Mahoney has been removed from
the detail and Sergeant McManus has
taken his place. The change in the.dis
trict last night was remarkable. Gam
bling dens which have been running in
full blast since the bubonic Board of
Health removed its quarantine closed
their doors. The lottery men had the
stoical, stupid, know-nothing stare of
the coolie. They fear the new sergeant
and expect a reign of rigid suppression
of their business.
Chinese Close Their Dens.
The change was made opportunely by-
Chief Sullivan, as some of the Chinese
gamblers had made their arrangements
to open four more gambling houses in the
district. It is in the lottery phase that
this wholesale violation of the law was
doing the most serious evil. Thousands
of young men and boys patronized these
Chinese lotteries and every night throngs
of them could be seen on the streets of
the district. These white patrons of the
coolies played the game and the. police
saw nothing and knew nothing. The dis
trict has always been a hotbed of gam
bling and blackmailers have made thou
sands upon thousands of dollars out of
the traffic, but conditions never were
worse than they were under the admin
istration which has been so summarily
closed.
<yvj SENSATION was created In police
/L_i\ circles yesterday by the summary
fl ifr removal of Sergeant Patrick Ma
honey and his squad from the
Chinatown detail. This change, startling
in its suddenness, was not. however un
expected. Humors of police corruption in
the district have been flying thick and
last. Gambling dens have been running
wide open apparently under police protec
tion stnd certainly with the knowledge of
the poiice. Lottery agencies have been
conducting their business absolutely with
out molestation; and have been so open in
tbeir Illegal traffic that they have sent
cappers into every district of the city to
solicit patronage.
It Tiras inevitable that this condition of
affairs should come to the notice of Ma
honey's superiors, and Chief of Police
Sullivan began a. rigid Investigation. Chi
nese gamblers, willing enough to pay a
reasonable tribute for the sake of im
munity from police interference, were
clamoring that the blackmail levied upon
them was altogether too great. Chief
Sullivan saw that gambling houses, lot
tery agencies, opium dens and resorts of
outcasts were being conducted without
molestation.
Police Jaws were being violated on every
hand and Chief Sullivan decided that an
immediate change was necessary. He.
therefore, removed Sergeant Mahoney and
his sijuad from the district and ordered
Sergeant McManus to organize a new
scjuad. Sergeant McManus has served
long and well in the Chinese quarter. He
enjoys an enviable record for his honesty
and efficiency there and he demanded the
right to choose hi3 own assistants. This
privilege was accorded to him and he se
lected the following patrolmen to act with
him: James Ropan, M. T. Cooney, Robert
Connor, Michael Brady, David Murphy
ar.d Daniel Lyons. These men will now
cttempt to suppress the lawlessness which
Scandal Overwhelms
the Administration
of the Police in the
District.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
5
painless otsitnarmr t tfZTfri
/#% No Plates Required, yy
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK 13
beautiful and durable. "Warranted 10 years.
Our $3 Plates fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patented
and used by no other dtntlst on the PaciSo
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOA 3O DAYS I
Painless Extraction ..................... ......25o
Removable Brldgewori 93.00
Arraliram 60o
ilrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— .painlessly. ¦ ¦ .
OR. F*. L. U/ALSH.
815% GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Pollc 1135.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS
Trareler» from erery portion ot th»
Kioto* ihow taelr appreclaUon of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by making them tnetr
headquarters when vlslUss a^"
Francisco.
Connected by a covered paasaceway
and operated under one manase-
ment on the American and European
plans.
VACCINATION.
Duft~(kJU»Q c ave J#ust re "
r^V'j^3*^ ceived a supply of the
} 'j"^y?fr^pTT P"re5t vaccine viru=s
¦'^tyj^^pS&S i^pm the East, and
' f^ "% v*W t w '|' attend to school-
iESaCS-piSflL children at half rates
tfejfc&Ster as lon^ as the sam<j
rftjMijIfcji' 1 lasts. Bring your chil-
_ Ti ij--«jiii'' ren from '2 to 5 p. m. t
- or all day Saturday.
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
X-RAY SPECIALISTS, . '"
1019 Market Street, San Francisco
e visit OR. JORDAN'S grcat^
OF ANATOMY^
\ Hf The L»ree»t Anatomical Mineoa in tb« \
A j/JL World- WekknefNas or *ny contractsd m
¥ 5r-Sq disease p^^ttlwelycurodh-theoldiit •J'
Ql jj *¦» *3 1 bpeaiiiil ca ttu.- Ccou. Esc 36 yoii?. $
A Q&&91 C3. JORDAit-PRlVATS O5SEASES4
\ f^f^^S Co2«jltatjo?» free and itrictly prrrito. \
A S I$«?S Trt iiroent personally rt by letter. A <•
¥ H tr W ¦ Po*.t<v« Cwroin tyety Oieuni!trta*«>. T
Aril life Write for Book. »nitO!»OI*«T»f A
W * \l I 7 ! alAMBIACtiC. MAILED SSSit tAW
1^1} valuable book lot ttu-aj \
9 BH JOBDAX A CO.. 106'. Market St. a F. f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, 1NVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organa for both aexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
nays and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NAEER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
• " B Market »t. 3. F.— <Send for Clrettlarl)
. DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of. th«
Orleans of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. For sale bv <lnu-cla*«.
9 9
His elegant and complete stock of fine shoes— men's,
women's and children's— will be sold, commencing to-morrow
morning, at prices never before put upon such goods in San
Francisco. Anybody who knows the kind of shoes Lucke
sells knows what the prices below mean.
Now is your chance to buy shoes— get two or three pairs—
you can do so now for the price of one.
It's a large— a mighty large stock— but it cannot last long
at these prices.
Store closed to-day— sale begins to-morrQw morning at
eight o'clock.
You cannot afford to miss this sale — San Francisco may never see another
like it
Ladies' Misses' and Children's. Men's.
Odds and ends, principally small Odds and ends: Infants' sizes 5 to Odds and ends in men's black and
sizes and narrow widths, formerly 8. 25c ; children's and misses' at tan shoes, formerly $3.50 to $7.00.
?3 50 to $7.50, now on sale at 50c and 75c. Sizes are broken, but maybe you
Ti Ci df\ Ci r?n These two lots are in the bins— can get just what you want; if so,
OUC, Oi.UU, oi'OtF. y OU pick them out and take take your choice at
Above shoes all arranged on the them— we cannot try them on nor " $1.OO.
coumersH-easily selected. Price can wc exchange them. * p
too low can't «»nn in rrv them nn These shoes are in bins— can t try
x2«ch a n«M? c o«r« P Misses ' button shoes ' c!oth or kUi them on at this price.
No exchanges-ot course. tQps> gquare tQes formerly $I 5O>
• sizes 11 to 2. and a few from 8 «o Men s patent leather button or lace
Ladies' kid cloth top button shoes, I0^, they all go now for shoes, pointed toes; broken sizes;
formerly $2.50. now " some are Johnston & Murphy's,
¦ . c| cy— YOC. and all are high quality goods sell-
. . 01.^0. ; GoQd schooj shoes _ twQ irs {Qr for as high as $7.50.
Look at the price-cut nght in the price of one. $1.50.
Misses' tan button shoes; sizes n to Can>t try these on ' either -
Ladies' tan silk oxfords, formerly 2 > d a few 8 to I0^> once ? r -5°. Men's calf, lace and congress shoes,
$3.50, now .. : and ?2.oo; now formerly $3.00 and $3.50; now the
¦ . --::-. £,. • n "7^^ price is cut in two —
_,. • „ «r t-jrn «Mii v,, O° e P air v.ill last you the rest of 5>UDO<
This saving of $2.10 will buy you the summer Ncat and dressy shoes _ nobb
another pair. enough for anybody.
Children s and misses black or tan
Ladies' tan lace shoes, cloth or silk kid, button or lace. 8 l / 2 to 11 and Men's tan lace shoes, formerly $3.00.
tops, cut from $4.50 to 11 to 2, formerly $1.75 and $2.00; $350 and $400; divided into two
G-t'tQ- ' now lots—
§LyD ' Sl.OO. $2,10 and $2.65.
Think of it— hardly more than a Good, stylish shoes; well worth \
third of the former price. . their former prices.
Boys*
Ladies' patent leather lace shoes, M j ss ?' £ n °*' ovils > ll t0 2 ' former- J
rir>th or kid ions ly * IS ° : now Youths calf button shoes, formerly
cloth or kid tops, ; d $2 now
OO# Same in white canvas— chance to 75c.
Just as elegant and dressy a shoe get a splendid outing shoe for only Buy him two pairs — will last until
as you would wish. a half a dollar. New Year's.
Remember, Lucke sold nothing but first-class shoes — the best he could buy. Every
pair is marked down and must be sold. t
We cannot try on odds and ends. Customers buying other goods will be .fitted as
carefully as they always were.
All care taken to wait on customers as soo» as possible. Come in the morning if you
811 Market Street
THE EMPORIUM. / | THE S EMPORXTJM. | TH3 EMPORIUM.'
I r^/^.yDIOHARD HUDNUT'SoQzhox.t\Q3oi Choice Extracts OQ^ %
i m four popular odors, and the Hudnutine Toilet Cerate or O«L#€r *
* yS^^llzw ace Cream— on sale to-day only. J
I «p|P^ School Book Fancy Ribbons, f 80 |
* 'A «!\ Speci^iS* We P lace on 8ale to-day; Fri- vt|^^ «
ft r^^^^^ larlv Pric a . ? rain "boon, satin stripe; plaia L&5*§v^^ ' **
5 1^/7// Fil8t Reader 2°° 12c colored S™ 3 R rain3 with Baya- rTSf^^ (J^0& X
JC ! * !^ Second Reader 35c 23? dere cord; plain colored moirs f\^K*-J r iJ&£!if *«
»? f^. s— \ Th'ri Reader 50c 37c taffeta, Persian effects, and col- I %
H [/ ) F° t nr th Reader 6Dc 45c ored satin Jacqaard patterns; all rc/) Ai\^N\\ X
% V jk-J"* P r ' m ary Nambir L€S3on 25c ISC in a fair assortment of colorings. (l/ffy\ vys^
y^^Y^gHs Les?on of Linsrmge 30c 200 Materials here for very pretty W^C\ ~^\*%r "2
K ~~\ ) E'eraenta-v Geography .*. — 60c 41tS neckwear, corsage bows, sash /' 5^rf>*X X
*C V Natural Mmic Primer 35c 29c belts, hat bands, etc.. at the / *2^V V *
J r\ State Spei.er 30c 20c very special price, to- <q \ \ \
if _**** English Grammar 55c 40o day only, per yard foC .KM "^
«C E^glfSton's First American History 6Oc Sales Tables— Main Aisle. I"«
5 Advanced Arithmetic 50c 35o _______________ * < '2
H Alvanced Gaopraphy $1.2) 89o ___ _ _ , _ _ _ _ "J
«f Na'nralMosic Reader 4)c 34c Wash GoOlJs Safes To-Day. jt
J Vertical Writing Black 10c 6o Corded White Piques— Open work Lawn, white and -5
S Prang s^EIementary Cjarsa in Art— O p?n work Lawn, black; exceptionally we!l ma^e and dnrable
k "1 t0 5 , for 12c 6 to 8 for 16c f a bric3, worth regularly from 15c to 20c a yard; offered X
*» Webster 8 S:hool Diet hn try, cloth boanl, regular. y 10c S'J f:r this day. Friday, only, per yard 8O -Jj
*f O«*»«-»# c. «.r# *+uIZ~~ 36-inch Poroalos— Seeranckara and corded dimities, \»
•f e- i bi C t noot supplies Unespm standard goods, excellent patterns and color effect', regular X
£ Single S ] &tQz—Instiemfj.<uK- Pens, dozen OC pricas" SJc, 10c an i 12J; a yard; offered for this day, 5
$ Z"1.5o 7xli:....//, Friday, only, per yard .^. 5o *
|C 6x9 SG 9x13 f4o White Chalk, box 12a ~~ '•
$ 400-paze Pencil Tablets.. 3 3 Ink Tab'ets..5;, IOC, 15c - J^^Vtt? GOc Teapots for 39c. %
* Blank Stock Note Book, Battle B ack Ink 4o \0SgTl ££ decorated Teapota, 5
* ™"v«Y~C' GC » and - 1O ° S'ate Pencils, per 100...-/^© Vg$&8UI. new shapes, very pretty designs, regular •$
£.¦ Blank Stock Spell.ne B ank». P« Hilders, dozen ...... ..So \Qt VZfft price each; lOdoJn of them offered %
S T ••Vp"-;- 5C a P U 10 ° " ndeBl * te Book ' 53 ' f 2° I** this dsy, Friday, only, each 3Q O •«
» Lsad Penc I?, per dczin Blotters, dozen..— 5c **£E3^ *• ¦»* ¦" •#«#¦*•
5 ••— 5c, 1Oc, 13c 2 )0-pae- Blank Book IOC ; ; — C
X Special School Supply Department— Main Floor. Rear. '•
| 35c Hose Supporters, 23c. Sale of Ladies' Shoes >
5 T e?e ara fancy si k frilled Ehstic Sids Support- JfR COiltMUBS THIS VfCCK, j
|C era, have rabber catche?, and the assortment R | Thousands of pleased shoa customers. These handsome shoes 'x
6 includes seven color3, pink, bue, cardinal, black, | • | se ]i on gjght. Ramember that they aje not lef t-oyers from the '^
S purple, orange and lavender, the r'gilar price | \$ summer stock, bad styles or broken size3, but brand nn> goods j|
» is 3oc pair; 3X) pairi are offered for Friday i't ,„ e lev n of t h : latest ityles and ju3t turned out of the factory. X
tt on y at 23c \\% The best shoe values ever eivan in San FrancUco. "?
J Sales Table S -Main_Ais ! e___ lj| $2 50 Shoes. ...$/-G9 $3-50 Shoes. ... $2.37 jj
J( Lace Curtains, 59c Pair! M Shoes . . ..$1.98 S5.00 Shoes. . . . $3.35 x
« Come quick for Ihese-only 75 piirs—Notting- First Aisle-Right of Entrance, • . ;,
ham Lace Curtains, 40 incnes, 45 inches and 50 $fn V^ft ¦ "~~ •*« ' ¦ {•
If inches wide by3y?ris in length, pretty de- if/f \v\ _ _ ___ A _ *mm'ae- 5
*£ sign3 in Brmsels effjet?, new bordsrs; coald fjtff vl\\ #S rB*BC Yv&TCu WWltii i XgJ ¦'
J eo: be tod regularly for less than 85c a pair; HT 1*K fT\rr»t*\J 5?r»73OO# Suit. «
it to-day, whie quanlity lasts 59c™ stVe#"jr OCflOW °« ; " /^W\ «
*I Draperj- Department-Main Floor. On'y two days mor* in which to avail yourselves fin £. jfe
ft _ _" — of this liberal offer. Until closing time Satur- U^ £$ .J
at Furniture ants Carpet Specials* d<y night we win give /rco a good nickel- .¦ ;5
» FOLDING CARD TAbLE— Solid oak or p!ated open face American Watch, guaranteed v
jf /^^T__ iT^j"^^. mahogany fiiiah, 3) inches in diam- for 1 year, with every School Suit bought in our large javen- X
Si C fe **^^z^> J eter - ma<Je to foW underneath, razular ile department. _^' jf
K TFlr \Tir^ price $4— special to-diy $2.35 8") styles all-wool 2-piece Saita $245 tc S7.5O „%
J W W DINING CHAIR— Solid oak, high back, 26 styles all-wool 2-piece Suits ~..$3.Q5 to S1O.OO X
K Os^ il brace armS| 3 spiles front, cana 20 styles of toys' Long Pant* Suit3 $4.95 to $15.00 £
y*^^ 5155 ***/^ seat, asnlendid value— each...^{f«/O First Aisle— Right of Entrance. • X
5 /t"^ 2^? \ CHINA CLOSET— Solid golden oak. bent • -5
* H L "^/l einss ends, a beauty $25. OO ¦'¦¦'%
I "•*— ff^ bedroom SET-Soid goden oak, 3 Groceries and Liquors— Friday '. ¦ ?
ft "^^ pieces, haa a 3tx24-inch French-plate '' „- T * w l. A *r * j on— «
| mirror, half swelled front, a salendid Our popular Sac J va and Mocha CofiGO, to-da7........3rJo *
J va l no $25 OO Fancy larga siz> Quoon Olivos, to-day, per quart... 35o \
*£ STAIR CARPET— ReversiWeYngraVn*22" inches "wide— yard Extra standard Victory Oysters, 2-!b. cans ............ 25© >
V * 20c Corn Meal, best granulated, yellow or white, to-day 10 X
f EXTRA SUPER INGRAIX CARPET— AVrwooY,'Vn?ersVan,'Mono- lb ?" J°, r 'Vo '^Pzr"Z Zl ?5° 'x
X tone and Floral *ffect3-per yard G5c Freah baked poemvnt Taffy Cakes, lb 14o ,j
fC INLAID LINOLEUM-Full line of the best goods-per yard G ; nuin ( f Milcnaer Herring, to-day 8 fish Jv~ 25o X
i ".$ud6 Kentucky Bourbon, 400 full quart bottles of this •*
H HAi'6cKS^ove'red"'in"'veivetrBody' BraVs'eVs'and" Tapestry good quality whWcy on special sale to-day, per bottle..4flO V
£ carpeting-each . 25c Pare f*ort or Sherry Wine, a quahty that always ££>* X
ft. RUGS -Made of Axminster, Velvet and Bodv Brusseh carpe". satisfaction, to-day, per gal.on. ..........«»©•„
tf var oni size^-^ach 75c to $1.06 A 5 year-o d Brandy, to-day, per gallon..$#.d0. .5
J? Second Floor-Rear. Main Floor— Rear. X
I "California Venus," ||§|E i-^Ju^*^^U^ Hval"of'sta1e S
I now on free exhibition in Jit- ||P^ oM^ nlfclll e tta^^r^^l ScttOOi Books. |
g traction Hall—second floor. CAUFORNIA . S larqest-america-s orandest store. JSANTA CRUZ SENTINEL.
STOCKTON INDEPENDENT,
Now that the Stratton primary law has been declared unconstitutional by the
Supreme Court of the State, the old law is in force, a case of go for delegate
as you please, the few voters ruling the majority, and often the most deserving
being entirely ignored.
There seemff to be considerable mourning over the nullification of the Strat
ton primary law by the Supreme Court. No doubt some of It Is sincere, but
much of it is mock grief. However, there is little question of the publia desire
and political need of some primary law that will permit of a full expression of
opinion on the part of voters and a free choice in the selection of delegates
without the dictation of party bosses.
ALAMEDA EXCINAL.
Under, the Stratton law a man could vote but once and for one party, but
under the old system, with the primaries held at different times, thousands of
unscrupulous men voted at both and were bought and sold like sheep. All sorts
of unscrupulous tactics were resorted to, illustrations of which have not been
found wanting this side the bay as well as in San Francisco. The Stratton law
prevented all this, but it seems that in the good pleasure of tho majority of the
Supreme Court this was not to be and now we must go back to the old open
primary with all its corruption and crookedness.
• « •
STOCKTON RECORD
Some legil minds are reported to be puzzled to decide what law, if any. gov
erns primaries now. They are alleged to believe that the law Just pronounced
invalid repealed all existing laws. If an invalid law can have such power—
which is very doubtful— then primary elections will be governed by the sweet will
of the authorities .within the respective parties.
VISALIA TIMES
SAN JOSE HERALD
So far as the country is concerned the members of 'all parties will probably
feel relieved to hear that the cumbersome law is of no effect, for. the reason
that it has never been difficult to hold an honest primary in the Interior. There
is rarely a contest from the country in State conventions, and county conven
tions nearly always represent the voters , of the party satisfactorily. In San
Francisco it is different. There an honest primary was never held, and some
of them have been so disgracefully conducted that a Chinese Boxer would be
ashamed to participate In them. If the constitutional amendment to be voted
on his fall will permit the Legislature to pass a primary law that will apply only
to the larger cities it ought to be ratified by the people.
The Supreme Court has declared the Stratton primary law unconstitutional.
The decision is probably good law. The right of the people to form political par
ties, to freely assemble and organize and^ to take the preliminary steps to put
their ideas in operation is fundamental. The thins to do. apparently la to hold
open primaries as. heretofore, each party making its conditions, regulations, 'etc.,
through its regular organization. _ ¦ ' •
LOS ANGELES HERALD
Altogether, the outlook, for, clean primaries is not encouraging. The fate of
the Stratton law will be deeply regretted by decent citizens of all parties. There
should be no relaxation of the efforts in behalf of the needed reform until it is
secured in a form that will stand the test of the Supreme Court.
The Supervisors are striving to devise ways and
means by which we may have light. It is sincerely
to be hoped that the honorable gentlemen may dis
cover a way in which they may secure a little illu
mination themselves.
Kelly 2nd Crimmins seem to think that when the
Supreme Court declared the Stratton law for primary
elections unconstitutional it intended to submit a ten
derloin saloon as a substitute. Decent voters ought
to destroy that impression by an overwhelming re
pudiation. ,
Insolvent Liquor Dealer.
Virgilio Bianchi filed yesterday in the
United States District Court a petition in
insolvency. He is a liquor dealer, doing
business In this city. His liabilities are
$2ir>5 55 and his Isscts are $425 cash In
bank.
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. A. Ford, general passenger agent of
the Pennsylvania lines east of Pitfsburg.
\ft nt the Palace. He la accompanied by
his family and a party that Includes As
sistant General Passenger Agent Moody
of- the same lln^. The party came in a
special car, and they are here for recrea
tion only.
Prince Eul Wha, heir-apparent to the
Korean throne, accompanied by Sin Teh
Moo. one of the nobility of the hermit
kingdom, is due to arrive on the steamer
Peking to-day. The Prince ha3 visited
this city before, and la said to-be on his
way to the Paris Exposition.
Charles E. Ford and wife nre registered
at the Palace. Mr. Ford Is one of tha
most prominent merchants of St. Louis,
and Is here on a pleasure trip.
M. Price, cashier of the Bank of Fresno,
accompanied by his bride, is stopping at
the Lick. ' %'V-t :
William Hogoman. the well-known
horseman of Marysville, Is a guest of th©
Lick.
Harry W. Earle, a well known hardware
merchant of Stockton, Is a gueat of tha
Grand.
E. T. Earl of the Earl Fruit Company Is
registered at the Palace from Sacramento.
B. U. Stelnman of Sacramento Is stop
ping at the Palace.
A5srmblyman P. II. Mack of Inyo Coun
ty is at the Grand,
Dr. D. D. Shermari and wife of Tulara
are stopping at the "Lick.
Assemblyman Alden Anderson of Sulsun
Is registered at the> Grand.
Ex-Congressman do Vries and wife of
Stockton are at the Palace.
G. H. Ccffln. a prominent mining man of
Opilby. is registered at the Occidental.
II. Isaacs, general baggage agent of tha
Santa Fe at Los Angeles. Is in the city.
C. 15. Shaver, the well-known lumber
man of Fresno. Is a guest of the Palace.
CALIFOENIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Major O. M.
Brennan of San Francisco Is at the Im
perial: ft Prentiss Taylor of San Fran
cisco is at the Hoffman.
Large Sum Demanded by the Owners
of the Tellus for a Col
lision.
Two libel suits were filed yesterday In
the United States District Court against
th? steamship Belgian King, the com
plainants being R. Punsmuir's Sons' Com
pany and the Dampsklbsselskabet-Tellus
Company. The first named sues fcr $3259,
tho alleged value of coal lost <»nd damaged
on July 17 of this year by reason of a col
lision off Point Arena between the Not 1 -
Tvpelan steamsh'p Tellua and the steam
ship Belgian King. The Dampsklbssel
skabet Company aaks for $15,000 damages
to the Tellus.
A tc-x days ago the Belgian King filed a
libel salvage suit against the Tellus for
rcrrlcca in towing the Tellua to port after
the collision.
LIBEL FILED AGAINST
THE BELGIAN KING
Old Scandal of Pacific Vineg-ar and
Pickle Wcrks Has Been
Revived.
Charges of fraud and conspiracy against
Sidney M. Smith, late president, and
Charles J. King, one time secretary of the
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works, have
been officially made in a suit filed yester
day by the corporation named, in which
judgment is prayed canceling four notes
issued to the order of the Pacific Vhiesar
and Pickle Works by the California Pack
ing Company, by its president, E. J. Cote.
These notes aggregate a face value of
$6402 30, and according to the complaint
were all subsequent to their delivery to
the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works
fraudulently assigned to Sidney M. Smith
in his individual capacity for an alleged
valuable consideration by . Sidney M.
Smith, acting as president of the vinegar
works. The plaintiff corporation prays
that Smith be perpetually enjoined from
negotiating these notes and that ludgmvnt
canceling the same be entered by the
court.
SIDNEY M. SMITH IS
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
' H^DUCATORS have come to the conclusion thai !
an object lesson is about the most instructive
* lhat can be given to pupils who have intelli
gence enough to understand it. Therefore, decent
Republicans ought to be well pleased by the fact that
the evolution of events has brought to light just at \
this time two very impressive object lessons in the |
way of political bosses. There is first the man named !
Crimmins, who has been charged from the witness
stand with giving "protection*' to skin game gam
blers: and second, there is the man named Herriu
who has been reported by Collector Lynch as one of
a triumvirate engaged in deciding who shall have !
nominations in the Republican party or the Demo
cratic party or any other party in this district or in
any other district.
They are a pretty pair, Crimmins and Herrin — with
Kelly loafing in the Mint saloon. Lynch in the internal
revenue office and Burns in the distance watching their
game. According to Rumble's testimony Crimmins,
for a percentage, gives protection to skin game gam
blers, and according to Lynch's tall talk Herrin gives
recognition to Crimmins, seemingly without asking a
percentage. : Herrin is a Democrat, Crimmins calls
himself a Republican, and the two are going to run
the Republican party tn this city. They are going to
fend Dibble to the Assembly and Wolfe to the State
Senate.
Old John Randolph once described a famous polit
ical partnership in his time as "a combination between
A Puritan and a blackleg; a partnership between
Blifil and Black George." The parallel between that
and the local instance is not quite complete, for
Herrin is not exactly a Puritan, but it is near enough
to be suggestive. Such is the hog combine that has
undertaken to "run things" in the Republican party,
end to dictate the candidates for whom the working
men, the business men, the professional men and the
capitalists of the party shall vote. .
Could any form of lesson be given to decent Re
publicans that would show more clearly the offensive
ness of boss rule than that which is afforded in Rum
ble's testimony and Lynch's brag? Here is the pa
tron and protector of a nefarious trade getting a rail
road Democrat to help him boss the Republicans of
this city, and a railroad boss getting a Republican
Collector of Internal Revenue "to help him dictate
in the Second District who is to be the Democratic
nominee for Congress. If that mixture had not been
corrupt at the start there would have been a corrup
tion produced in it by the very fermentation of its
incongruous elements.
It can hardly be necessary to appeal to decent Re
publicans to refuse to submit to any such dictation
as that which comes out of the Mint gin mill an I
the law office of the Southern Pacific Railroad. In
the schemes of these men the honor of the Republi
can party and the welfare of the State or the nation
are accounted as nothing. To Crimmins all politics
is a skin game and to Herrin it is all railroad "busi
ness" and the difference between the two is a differ-
No loyal Republican will submit to the domination
of cither the Mint saloon or the railroad office.
Should these corrupt forces succeed in forcing th?
nomination of such men as Dibble and Wolfe, th?
decent Republicans of their districts will vote against
them. The issue is one that the intelligence and the
morality of the party will not shirk and the would-be
bosses may as well understand that at once.
POLITICAL OBJECT LESSONS
PROPOSED APPELLATE COURTS.
BY reason of the Controversy among the officials
at Sacramento concerning the two proposed
i amendments- to article six of the constitution,
relating to the judicial department, th*e attention of
the public is called very opportunely to the subject.
One of the amendments and possibly both will be
submitted to the popular vote at the coming election,
and as .each of them is bad it is just as well to have
voters make up their minds at once to defeat the
whole scheme, no matter in which form it be pre
sented.
The origin of the controversy on the subject is that
one amendment was pioposed by the Legislature at
the regular session and the other at the extra session.
They differ in matters of detail, but the essence of
each is the same. The chief aim is to create three
new tribunals, to consist of three Judges each, mak
ing nine new officeholders, and to empower the Gov
ernor to appoint his favorites to the positions until
the next succeeding general election.
Both amendments contain < the following language:
"Section 3. The State is. hereby divided into three
appellate districts, in each of which there shall be a
District Court of Appeal, consisting of three Justices.
* * - * The Justices of the District Courts of
Appeal shall be elected by the qualified electors with
in their respective districts at the general State elec
tions at the times and places at which the general
State officers are elected; and the term of office sliall
be twelve years from and after the first Monday after
the first day of January next succeeding the election;
provided that on or before the first day of January
after this amendment takes effect the Governor shall
appoint three Justices for each District Court of Ap
peal, to hold office until qualification of Justices to be
elected at the next succeeding general election."
It will be seen that no matter what may be the
minor divergences between the two amendments pro
posed, they present in common the objectionable fea
tqres of adding to the machinery of the State throe
additional courts and nine additional Judges, with
the inevitable addition of clerks and bailiffs and other
court officers, and place the whole of that patronage
for a time in the hands of the Governor. With other
features of the two schemes we shall have occasion to
deal later on. For the present it suffices to call at
tention to the considerations involved in the points
noted.
Why should the taxpayers of California be bur
dened with the cost of three appellate courts? Is the
number of cases on appeal so large that the Supreme
Court cannot attend to them? If so, why is it the
courts encourage appeals on every trifling technical
ity of law, frequently permitting a case to play, back
and forth between the Supreme Court and a Superior
Court as if it were a shuttlecock? If there nCed be
some intermediate court between the Superior and
the Supreme Court, why establish three of them?
Would not one suffice? If we are to have nine new
Judges why permit a man of the reputation of Gage
to appoint them? Has not»the Southern Pacific Com
pany already a sufficient control of the bench?
Whichever of these amendments be submitted to
the people it should be rejected. If both be submit
ted both should be rejected. We have courts enough.
We have had sufficient experience with the kind of
men that Governor Gage appoints to office. Should
he be permitted to name the nine new Justices they
would have a hold on the office which would go far
to enable them to get the nomination for election
and the creatures of the railroad would be thus fas
tened on the judicial department of the State for
years.
The whole scheme is a bad one. It would entail
a waste of public money. It would be a source of
corrupt jobbery between Gage and the railroad
bosses. It should be killed by an overwhelming vote
of the people.
The Board of Health has "filed an emphatic objec
tion to being compelled to "pay for" its" own stationery.
The board is probably planning some new campaign
of absurdity which will require reams of paper to ex
plain. '
of only $270 while practicing , law, ¦¦ but . during the
years of McKinley prosperity he <has got together an
estate of $4550 doing nothing!
\ Is it possible that Mr. Bryan is himself one of; those
sinister, secret, dark and midnight trusts?
FRIDAY : AUGUST 3, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE 'J^l^'^PJ^SSt^J^t
l'lULICATlOA OFFlCK..3larket nnd TUJrd. S. F.
Tclephonr l*re»» SOI.
EDITORIAL UOO3IS....217 to 221 Stereniion St.
TrtcplioDF 1'renn 2O2.
Delivered »»r rarrirr*. IS Cent" Per Weelc.
Single Copte*. ¦* Cent".
Termi !>> Mall, lnflmllns roafflffet
T>AiV7 CaLI. rin;:-j<J!r.E Fur.tfay). one year $«•£¦
DAIL.T CAU> <inc!udlnff Sunday). « months 3.00
DAILT CALL, Slncludlnc Sunday). 3 months..... 1-59
DATLT CALL— By Single Month 65c
6UNDAT CALL. One Tear * o°
Weekly call one year *-w
All pontluavtert *tr<* nothorlKcd to rccelTe
•nbarrlptloB*.
Etmple ccple» will De Icrwarded ¦when requested.
lla!l eubbrrlbcrs In ordering rhanjre o* address should be
particular to jrJve both NKVV AND OLD ADDRKES !n order
to insure m. jjroini/t j»n<i correct ecrrjpiisnee with their re<iuest-
OAKLA5D OFFICE 1118 Ilroadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lent Distance Telephone •'Central 2613.")
NEW TOnK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON. Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH..... 30 Tribur* Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
E£ernia.n House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rrexnent Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK XEU'S STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A- Erentano. SI Union Square:
Siurray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (0. C.\ OFFICE Wellington Hotei
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAMF OFriCES-5:; Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:"" o^clnrk. 3O'.» Hayes, onfn until 9:30 o'clock. €33
', StcAUiFUr, oppn until S:S) o'clock. C15 Larkin, ci>cn until
S:SO o'clock. i!<ll Mission. <v>en until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
oomer open untiE-9 o'clock. I0P6 Valencia, open
until 3 o'c-lock. jf.6 Elevomh, open until '.> o'clock. XW cor
ner Twenty-se<v^nd and Kentucky, oppn until 9 o'clock.
AS TO HOSTAGES.
SOMEWHERE in this Chinese business lies
cause for a retrial of Ananias. There are
doubts* about his ability at concealing his prop
erty from the assessor being greater than the ability
shown by somebody, to lie about the Eastern situa
tion/
There is much evidence that the flood of stuff which
has been used to fire the Occidental heart had its
origin among the representatives of the nations which
desire to cut up China.
There is nothing very new nor complex about the
situation. The people have rebelled against the mis
sionaries, in whom they see simply the forerunners
of the division of their country and their own sub
jection to other governments and races. The revolt
has passed beyond the missionary compounds and
runs- against all foreigners. The Government of
China was not able at once to cope with it, and was
probably in sympathy with it, and why not? What
excuse that squares with international law can be
offered for the past and recent seizures of Chinese
territory? How came Portugal in Macao, England
in Hongkong, Germany in Kiaochau and Russia
in Manchuria? What right have these nations to
complain if their Ministers are held as hostages
against the further theft of Chinese soil?
The first proposition to hold a Minister as hostage
was made in France, where it was advised that the Chi
nese Minister Yu be held as hostage for the safety
of the French Minister in Peking. Perhaps the Chi
nese took the suggestion from the French. No one
heard any deprecation of it when a Chinese diplomat
was to be the victim, but when China proposes to pre
serve the integrity of her soil by going into the hos
tage business it is a grave infraction of international
rights!
The plain truth is that the .whole difficulty would
be over in a week if the allies who are getting ready
to advance on Peking would agree to respect the sov
ereignty of China over her soil, to abstain from steal
ing any more of it and to treat China as they do each
ether in the family of nations. The gates to Peking
would open at once, the legations would be safe and
atonement for what has been done would not be dif
ficult. Instead of dping this it is probable that an
advance on the capital will be made, which will mean
certain death to the Ministers, who will be the vic
tims, not of Chinese barbarity, but of the gross greed
and grabbing propensities of the nations they repre
sent.
If the latest phase of the affair prove true, if the
Ministers nre alive and under the protection of the
Chinese Government, it will be seen at once that
there was no cause for attack on the Taku forts and
none for the sacking of Tientsin and that as far as
is known there has been more truth in the Chinese
than the European reports of the situation. As far
as the United States is concerned there should be no
departure from the policy already announced by the
President and extended in his reply to the Emperor.
We are not interested in helping the other nations
steal that country. We insist that the best way to
make China act like a civilized nation is to treat her
like one, and not one of the European powers has
ever given her such treatment. Their attitude toward
her has been so grossly in violation of her interna
tional rights as to make ours seem the very pink of
international comity and amity.
Colonel Denby, who served more than twelve years
as our Minister at Peking, has put the whole case
very strongly by asking how we would feel at being
partitioned, if France should claim New Orleans and
a strip on botli sides of the Mississippi, and Portugal
should take Charleston and England claim New
York as her share, while Russia raised her flag over
the Gulf of Mexico and took what would be left from
the Rio Grande to Kty West? That describes just
what has been done and threatened in China, and
as we would not stand it if we could resist, and would
applaud mobs that would kill the Ministers of all the
countries concerned in our humiliation, it is well to
consider the value of a little policy instead of a great
deal of force in dealing with China.
Your committee reports in favor
of the application of the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road Company for a franchise on Illi
nois street. We have heard all the
testimony of protesting property-own
ers representing about 500 feet front
age on Illinois street, and while we
agree that they have redress in
equity for whatever damage they
may suffer still we believe that the
granting of the franchise will be of
so much value to the commercial in
terests of our city that to deny the
petition would be an injustice to the
whole community. — Street Committee's
report on application of San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railroad Com
pany for franchise on Illinois street.
The Supervisors" Street Committee de
cided yesterday to recommend the grant
ing of the application of the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad
Company for a franchise to operate a
steam road on Illinois street from China
Basin to First avenue south. This will
enable the' road to tap the industrial sec
tions of the city and permit it to bid for
5ome of the freight traffic in that local
ity. After hearing the attorneys for the
protesting property owners and represent
atives of the railway company, the com
mittee, which is composed of Supervisors
Curtis, Connor and Dwyer, concluded that
it was to the best interests of the city
that the petition should receive favorable
consideration.
M. Mullaney. attorney for the protest
ants, contended that the company admit
ted that damage would be clone to prop
erty, but that no offer to compensate the
owners had been made.
"This board," argued Mullaney. "has no
power to grant a franchise to a transcon
tinental steam road to use any of the
public streets. If the board grants the
petition it should first see that the prop
erty owners In the neighborhood are re
munerated for any loss they suffer. This
board should not countenance the crush
ing of a few poor people to satisfy the
greed of the combined forces of the
Southern Pacific and the Atlantic Pacific,
two mighty corporations."
A. H. Payson. vice president of the
Santa Fe, denied that any combination
existed between the Southern Pacific and
the Valley road.
"The Valley road." said Captain Pay
son, "would never spend the money it is
intended to spend if it were not going to
compete with the Southern Pacitic. The
City Attorney has unequivocally stated
that the board has the power to pass the
ordinance, and that opinion should be
your guide."
Attorney Stafford, for the protestants.
argued that the City Attorney had simply
stated that the board had only the power
to grant steam railroads the right to ope
rate along the water front. Stafford inti
mated that if the franchise were granted
the matter would be taken to the courts.
Joseph Scheerer. representing the Mission
Federated Improvement Clubs, was
heard in support of the petition.
"We believe this road should be given
the franchise." said Mr. Scheerax. "for it
is a competing line without doubt. The
record of the Santa Fe road shows it has
brought prosperity along with it."
Attorney Preston held that the decisions
of the Supreme courts of all the estern
States overruled the point of Mr. Stafford
as to tho award of public streets for pub-
He use.
Supervisors Believe It Will Bs for
Best Interests of Community
to Allow Operation of
Branch. Line.
Permission to Use Electric Power on
Bush street, From, Kearny to
Battery, and on Fifth
» Street Favored.
The petitions of the company for per
mission to use electricity as a motive
power on Bush street from Kearny to
Battery, also to permit the use of electric
wires now suspended along Bush street
from Kearny to Sansome, and to operate
en electric road on Fifth street from Mar
ket to Bluxome and thence to the east line
of Fourth street were all favorably re
ported upon and resolutions covering the
same were ordered prepared.
The petition of the Market-street Rail
way Company to take up certain unused
tracks was reported upon favorably by
the committee. Attorney Burke agreed
for the company to restore the streets to
their former condition after the tracks
have been removed.
The committee decided to postpone fur
ther consideration of the matter until this
afternoon, when the corporation is to fur
nish evidence to prove that it has not
abandoned the franchise on First street.
Chairman Curtis said he was in favor
of tho building of street railways, but he
did not like to establish a precedent al
lowing the Market-street Company to
abandon a road for six months or six
years and then have it operate the road
again at its own sweet will. The city's
rights, he said, should be protected, as
the company had been granted valuable
privileges.
Attorney J. T. Burke addressed the
Street Committee of the Supervisors yes
terday regarding the rights of the Mar
ket-street Hallway Company to operate
a street road on First street. Burke con
tended that the company had not for
feited its franchise on the street named.
Commissioner Maguire of the Board of
Public Works, however, held that accord
ing to the charter that portion of the
franchise on First street had lapsed be
cause no car had been operated thereon
for six months at least. Burke said that
one car had been run on First street every
day, and the original franchise of the
North Beach and Mission road did not
compel the company to perform any stat
ed amount of work. Kdgar Painter of the
North Central Improvement Club said the
property owners were clamoring for the
road. Burke said Bush street and First
street were parts of a system intended to
benetit the northern section of the city.
Webster Countermands the
Schedule, of Board of
Education.
ORDER ISSUED
ON ENROLLMENT
TO PRINCIPALS
FRANCHISE ON
FIRST STREET
IS IN DOUBT
*-:
Company Must Show Super
visors That It Is Not
Abandoned.
VALLEY ROAD
IS TO RECEIVE
ITS FRANCHISE
Privilege on Illinois Street
Recommended by the
Committee.
Teachers Are in a Quandary, but Di
rectors Say Controversy
Will Be Settled
Parents of pupils in the sixth, seventh
and eighth grades of the Grant School ar»
up in arms against the action of the board
In transferring those classes to the Pa
cific Heights School. They refuse point
blank to send their children to any other
school but the Grant and they are formu
lating another strong protest against tha
action of the board.
The board yesterday decided to reopen
the Lafayette School building Immediately
and the sum of JSOO will be appropriated
to put the building In condition for oc
cupancy.
ing its order he says that no drastic meas
ures will be used. Denman holds that
Webster has no rigrht to designate the
enrollment, but that he can onlydetermina
whether schools shall be designated as
primary or grammar. He admits that tha
controversy must be settled in the courts,
but will not say which party will take tha
initiative.
The Board of Education is not worrying
much over the countermanding of its own
orders on enrollment by Superintendent
Webster. Chairman Mark said yesterday
that the classification might be modlnea
at the meeting of the principals to be
held this afternoon. Mark ascribes all tha
trouble to the fact that principals- were
inclined to consolidate classes too quickly
when it was thought by the board that
two «>r three weeks would be required for
the change.
Director Denman denies a published
statement that the salaries of teachers
will he withheld if Webster's orders on.
enrollment are obeyed. While he would
not deny that the teachers might incur
the displeasure of the board by not obey-
If "VVebster^s orders are carried out th*
twenty or more school teachers affected
by recent consolidations will be reinstat
ed and one or two of ihe abolished schools
may be reopened.
Superintendent of Schools Webster is
sued a circular to the principals of tha
public schools yesterday in which are
contained his orders for sradlne the
schools. As has already been published
the Superintendent backs hi3 action with
the Political Code of California, which
he contends gives him the right to grade
and classify. He rules that first and
eighth grades shall consist of not mora
than forty-five pupil3 enrolled and tha
second to the seventh grades hot mor*
than fifty. "Foreign" °r "adult" classes
in evening schools must maintain an av
erage daily attendance of at least fifteen
pupils. Other classes of evening school*
must maintain an average of at least
twenty-five.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, AUGUST. 3j< 1900.
Kaiser. William is one of the' ; fellows who should
either keep his mouth shut or tie his feet.
- * ¦ •
Witnesses have testified in the Goebel investigation
that armed mountaineers were shipped to Frankfort
simply to show that they were interested in political
affairs. It would be interesting to know just what
form of activity these men would have shown if they
had become enthusiastic. -.»
If one is to judge from the number of very worthy
citizens who are trying to sacrifice themselves for
their country by serving in the State Legislature, that
old story about the office seeking the man must be
decidedly out of date.
The mugwumps who are trying so persistently to
get up a so-called "Third Party" ought to be sociable
and divide up among the socialists. They have three
tickets in the field and the division could be made in
thirds all right
THE MURDER OF HUMBERT.
WITHIN two years the anarchists have mur
dered an Empress, a republican President and
a King. The school of Nicholas Bakounin
has occasion to boast of its success in murder, but
not in the obliteration of government. The Austrian
empire, the French republic and the Italian kingdom
still live, and the form of those governments will be
changed, if at all, by the will of their people and not
by the act of assassins.
Humbert succeeded to his father, the gallant King,
at a critical period for united Italy. The union of
Italy under the crown of Savoy was really the work
of Garibaldi. He was not deterred by his first failure
at Monte Rotondo, but persisted until # the way was
open for the personality of Victor Emmanuel and the
statesmanship of Cavour to unite Italy and make
Rome the capital. The steps to this consummation
were difficult. Austria had to be expelled from
Venice, the grand duchies had to terminate and the
states of the church had to go off the map. The lat
ter was the most difficult to accomplish, and has left
the most enduring menace to the kingdom.
The feeling between the Quirinal and the Vatican
was turned into a feud during the pontificate of Pius
IX and ha3 not abated during the reign of his suc
cessor. The effect has been to bring to the support
of the house of Savoy the strong anti-clerical party
and most of the socialists.
Humbert has supported the vicissitudes of power
with philosophy." has ruled with prudence and has
shown great address in dealing with the Pope, who
shooses to consider himself a prisoner, confined in
the Vatican and never going farther away than the
Basilica of St. Peter's.
Perhaps no executive of any' government in the
world has had a more difficult; task and performed it
more skillfully. The different Italian States, long
separated, were. not closely united in sympathy. The
valley of the Po and Naples and Sicily are not as far
apart in geography as they are in the origin and char
acteristics of their people. Yet the United. Kingdom
under Humbert came to be supported by. Neapolitan
"and Sicilian and Piedmontese alike and from Palermo
tc Turin there was a cordial loyalty, as there will be
sincere mourning. / ' .
AR. BRYAN said recently in Chicago: "The
Republican party is on the defensive. It will
talk prosperity, but we will be willing to take
the votes of all the people who have not had their
share of prosperity and leave them the votes of the
people who have had their share." The return of
the Assessor on file in the office of the County Clerk
in Lincoln, Nebraska, proves that Mr. Bryan may be
classed with those who have had their share of pros
perity and therefore belongs in the Republican col
umn. His assessment, rendered under oath by him
self, has run as follows since 1893:
$272 50.
1S93 $ 280 •
1894 200
1895 340
1896 270
1897 • 1,485
1898 2,980
1899 2,980
1900 4.550
His assessment during the four years that his party
was in power and he was- in Congress helping run
the Government averaged $272 50. During the four
years of a Republican administration, that has run the
Government without his help and in a way that he
said "would write the history of the people in blood
crushed out of them by the gold standard," his aver
age assessment has been $2998 75..
Another singular fact is that whereas up to the close
of 1896 he appeared in the city directory listed as a
lawyer, since then he has not been put down for any
I occupation whatever. We suppose he was working
hard at his profession during the four years preceding
McKinley's administration, and since his professional
income was part of the time supplemented by his
salary as a member of Congress, yet he only managed
•to accumulate an estate of the average value of
Since McKinley beat him he has had no occupa
tion, has not practiced law nor done anything as a
regular vocation to even earn his daily bread, yet his
estate rose from $270 in 1896 to $1485 in 1897 and now
figures, obescly indeed, at $4550 ! »,
We should say that an increase of his estate by
i nearly 300 per cent in one year under such circum
| stances is evidence of great prosperity. Its increase
from 1896 to 1000 from $270 to $455° is something
amazing. It is an increase of thousands per cent and
1 more than one thousand per cent per annum aver
i ajge. Beside it the profits of the hated trusts pale
j their ineffectual percentage. Yet Mr. Bryan quit
Work at his profession at the very beginning of this
1 period of prosperity. He could get together an estate
fiBOUT PROSPERITY.
Stratton primary law decision
»
How It Is Viewed by the Press of the
Interior of the State.
REDDING SEARCHLIGHT,
Tn declaring Invalid the Stratton primary law the majority opinion of the Su
premo Court was not only a driveling argument for the preservation of the in
tegrity of. political parties, but was practically an announcement to the people
of California that it is beyond their constitutional power to ever secure Iegis
lativc relief from the corruption, the bossism and the penitentiary politics in
general that originate from the lack of statutory safeguards surrounding the
citizen in the initial as well as the final stages of an election.
6
MATTERS OF INTEREST
TO LOCAL TAXPAYERS
Cal. glace frolt 50c per rt> at Townsend'*.'
Enforced cleanliness prevails In th» nub-
He schools of Copenhagen. Three times, a.
week the pupils have to bathe at tho
school?, and while they are disporting
themselves In the swimming baths their
clothes are purified in steam oven3.
• tr •*. ¦
A New Yorker recently turned out hla
one hundred and twenty-seventh* nafent
invention, consisting of a finger Sn'
which cut twine and erases lead Denri!
marks. - *«.»«.»»
- T T
Do You Enjoy Comfort
When you travel? If you do. buy your ticket
/la the Northern Pacific R'y and ride on tha
"North Coast Limited." the most perfectly ap-
pointed train In America, Solid vestlbuled and
lighted with Incandescent electric lights. ot>-
lervation car with a large parlor for ladies,
tourist vleepins car finished in mahogany and
apholstered' in olive Kreen leather. Tha only
line selling tickets direct into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at the low-
ft rates. T. K. STATELER. Gen. A«t.. K3
Market st., S. P.
AMUSEMENTS,
prrheua-.— Vaudeville.
Grand Opcra-house-'The Red Lamp."
California— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
Tivoli— "Aida."
a: .car — "Romeo and Juliet."
Columbia— "Brother Officers."
Oijmpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' 6— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — Or«eh nishts.The fine showing of . American manu
factures at the Paris Exposition this year
Is likely to win a number of awards from
the international juries selected to pass
upon the exhibits. According to Section 83
of the general regulations governing the
Exposition, the French Government will
grant the following awards: First, the
grand prix. sometimes called the diploma
of honor, which is granted for exceptional
merit only; Becond. gold medal; third, sil
ver medal; fourth, bronze medal; fifth,
honorable mention.
Competent Physicist Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on August 21 and 22
an examination will be held in, this city
and elsewhere for candidates for the posi
tion of physicist In the geological survey,
at a salary of $1800 per annum. Applicants
should apply at once to the United States
Civil Service Commission at Washington.
D. C., for application .forms 304 and 375.
Age limit 20 years and- over.
Third of the Popular Ten-Dollar Ex
cursions Next Saturday.
The ten-dollar excursions to Lake Tahoe
given by the Southern Pacific last week
and week before have been the means of
attracting unusual numbers to that noted
resort, and with the desire' to favor as
many as possible it has been decided to
give another next Saturday night, August
4, under the same conditions.
It should be borne in mind that this
rate Is unprecedentedly low— It is even ab
surdly low, and does not pay the actual
cost, and all things considered, it is an
opportunity that few can afford to miss.
Tickets are on sale at the Southern Pa
cific city ticket office, 613 Market street.
anoth:r trip >
to lake tahoe
Trouble Among Foresters.
Max Uoehm. 6 Eddy street, hiph chief
ranger Ancient Order of Foresters, swnr»
to complaints In Judge Cabanas' court
yesterday for the arrest of Henry Nathan
and Louis Heinz on the charge of em
bezzlement. Nathan la recording secre
tary and Heinz financial secretary of
Court Ivanhoe, Ancient Order of Forest
ers, and they refuse to deliver up tha
books In their possession to their succes
sors. A portion of the court seceded from
the Ancient order and Joined the Ameri
can order, which has caused considerable
jealousy.
Henry thorn AVbhrden and Frank VT.
"Woenne, saloon-keerers on Market street,
charged with conducting a game of
chance by usinj: a nlckel-ln-the-slot ma
chine and paying in coin, appeared before
Judjre Cabanas yesterday. Thom Wohr»
den pleaded guilty and was fined $!•>.
Woenne demanded a trial hy Jury and ths
case was continued till Monday to be &**.
Slot Machine Raid.
The Rev. Mr. Gibson to Preach.
The Rev. J- George Gibson or Emmanu
el Baptist Church will preach next Sun
day on the "Sea of Glass" A lengthy
musical service will be rendered in addi
tC i Misses Grace Savage and -Clara
Madden and Mrs. R. U Hathorn being the
soloists. '
Grand Institute, Y. M. I.
The . next grand session of the Toung
Men's Institute will open in San Rafael
on tho 20th inst. Following Is the pro
gramme:
August 20 — High mass at 10:30 'a. m.. Rev.
Father -M. T). Slattery, celebrant. Rev. Father
J. W.. Sullivan of San Rafael will deliver the
sermon. A reunion of the delegates and the
members of their families in San Rafael Park
in the afternoon. Business session of the Grand
Institute In the evening. • /Vx
August 21— Business session during the day.
Evening reception to the grand officers and
delegates by the Catholic Ladles' Aid Society.
¦August 22— Business session during the day.
Grand Invitation ball in the eyening.
-'August- 23 — Business session during the day.
when the affair* before the' Institute will be
disposed of. Banquet in the evening.
Foreigners Given Employment While
Wearers of the Blue and Khaki
Have Small Chance to
Earn Wages.
?
Scores of honorably discharged United
States Volunteers dally gather at the
transport dock, seeking ordinary rough
work as barrel rollers and truck wheel
ers, only to be turned away, while for
eigners—men who are not citizens of the
United States — are given steady employ
ment. When there is a rush some of the
ex-volunteers are given work. That is
only a part of the freezing out process,
however, for the occasions are so infre
quent that a man cannot keep soul and
body together on the meager income thus
received.
After a little the ex-volunteer, thor
oughly discouraged, turns away. Others
who have marched under the flag on for
ei"gn soil take his place, only to be simi
larly disappointed and aggrieved. Occa
sionally some high spirited ex-volunteer
protests. He is told that It is necessary
to employ the foreigners steadily to re
tain their services. The work not being
of the sort that requires much skill,' this
argument is received with incredulity.
"They are just trying to freeze us out,
for some mysterious reason, and that is
all there' la to It." This is the story com
mon to Uncle Sam's former soldier boys.
Colonel Long is in charge of the trans
port service. Captain Batchelder is the
chief clerk. When Colonel Long is ab
sent Captain Batchelder has largo pow
ers. Captain Dunn is entrusted with tho
duty of hiring men on the dock. He has
a foreman who picks the men out. The
ex-volunteers believe that Captain Dunn
directs that few soldiers shall be employ
ed. This suspicion may be unjust, but
tho soldiers believe they are justified In
entertaining It. !
There Is a possibility that the attention
of the Secretary of War will be called to
the matter. A list of names of soldiers
is in preparation, together with a state
ment of the grievances they have In con
nection with the transport service. Fol
lowing the filing of this list and complaint
there may be an investigation. The facts
are of common knowledge on the water
front and are talked over daily by the ex
eoldiers who are out of work and unable
to secure employment.
Often Risked Their Lives
for Native Land, but
. . Now Frozen Out
EX-VOLUNTEERS
DENIED WORK AT
TRANSPORT DOCK
From the death of the murdered King
Humbert of Italy discord has risen to vex
the Italian colony of San Francisco. Al
ready circulars are being distributed in
the Latin quarter calling for a rrfeeting
to protest against the use of the collec
tive name of tha Italian colony in a dis
patch sent to Rome, which use was au
thorized at the meeting held in Garibaldi
Hall Wednesday night. The colony is
practically united in deploring the assas
sination of King Humbert. It is divided
on the issue of taking the occasion to
make what pome of the Italians call "a
monarchical demonstration."
Only those who were favorable to the
action that was taken. It having been out
lined beforehand, were invited to the
meeting last Wednesday evening. It was
of common knowledge in the Latin quar
ter that Bome. opposition was to be ex
pected if no restrictions should be placed
on the attendance. In fact. Voce del
Popolo. the dally evening Italian paper,
published In this city, gave intimation of
such opposition Monday evening. That
paper expressed regret at tho assassina
tion of King Humbert, but also attacked
the memory of the dead monarch.
"King Humbert," it said, "has violated
the constitution, disregarding tho Parlia
mentary votes and rejecting his Ministers
to suit 'himself. He trod upon public lib
erty. He was responsible for the disas
trous Abyssinian war. He used the army
to oppress thp discontented people, who
suffered from the high price or broa*l. due
to the increased taxes on wheat. Hun
dreds of people wore killed all over Italy
in 1S98 of the number 200 being women.
Many were killed at Prato, the birthplace
of Bressi. The King was never a friend
of the people. Out of his Income of J3.200.
fiOO per annum he did not distribute more
than $2"i0,000 per iinnum. He was repeat
edly asked by Deputy Imbriani to come
to the relief of the people, but he con
tinued to get his 16.000.000 franca every
year He withdrew $7,000,000 from the Ti
berina Bank on the eve of its failure.'-
The article, which wan long, also con
tained the. phrase "our rnonarchlstic fel
low citizens of San Francisco," and pro
tested against making ';a. monarchicaror
dvnastlc demonstration.
This article was 'vigorously discussed.
One result was an attempt to boycott
Vocc del Popolo. Enemies of the paper
assert that 170 subscriptions were with
drawn Carlo Pedrctti, the editor admits
SS attempt to boycott his paper but says
that his losses were small, and that he
has eaned more by the reaction than he
lost Mr Pcdretti did not attend* the
h °F£ffi e fe
?L di^atch that was formulated by a
iomrn ittee and it was then sent to Rome.
If a mfeting shall be held counter, to
that of Wednesday night in any respect
Hfli not come off this Week. Mean
h£lrd throughout the Latin quarter.
Petitions for Counter Meeting — At
tempted Boycott of Paper That
Denounced Actions of
King Humbert.
Local Colony Splits on Use
of Name on Dispatch
to Roflie.
DISCORD ARISES
AMONG ITALIANS
OVER DEAD KING
cated at Llvermore, will have in line the
first Native Daughter born of white per
ents. The lady thus distinguished is Mrs.
Inmann. She is a member of Angelita
Parlor.
The parlors of Sonoma County will
maintain joint headquarters and partici
pate in the parade as a hody. The par
lors are to be- accompanied by a band
made up of picked musicians from vari
ous portions of the county. The place of
honor in the division has been assigned
to Bear Flag Parlor of Petaluma on ac
count of the historic name of'the parlor
and for the additional reason that Petalu
ma is the oldest city in the county.
With Bear Flag Parlor will march one or
more members of the original Bear Flag
party.
The Board of Fire Underwriters has set
aside its rooms as a headquarters for vis
iting insurance men during the entire pe
riod of the celebration.
The conference committee of the local
tribes of Red Men held an enthusiastic
meeting last night and arranged some of
the details of the parade. The committee
was addressed hy Grand Marshal Costello,
AV. M. Wilkins and another member of the
parade committee. It was decided to in
vite the tribes of Oakland. Alameda, Elm
hurst. Crockett and Vallejo and the coun
cils of the degree of Pocahontas to take
part.
Stockton Parlor will come to this city
oft a steamer, which will be tied up at
one of the wharves, and during- the parade
will be used as heaciouarters by the par
lor's members.
In an attempt to trace the advance
made In surgery through a period of 101
years it will be assumed that the general
reader Is unfamiliar with the work al
ready accomplished at the beginning of
the century, and therefore at the outset
It will be necessary to review briefly the
achievements of earlier times. No portion
of history Is more closely Identified with
religion than that of medicine, and as the
priestly office exerted a dominant lnfla
ence the latter was permitted to take no
steps for its advancement that had not
the sanction of the prevailing religion.
Hence the early progress of medicine was
slow— slow up to the time of Galen— and
then it stopped and stood still for twelve
centuries. lAght, however, at last broke
through the dense fog In the sixteenth
century^ a century memorable for the
lives of Copernicus and Vesalius. The
former put the earth In motion and gave
laws to the planets and overthrew the
Ptolemaic philosophy that had oppressed
the world for twenty centuries— the latter
created a new world by revealing to man
a knowledge of himself and thus broke
the Galenic spell that had held unbroken
sway for 1200 years. Vesalius in the year
1543, at the age of 2$, brought out his work
on human anatomy and thus laid the
foundation for rational medicine and sur
gery. From him we learn that Galen's
nearest approximation to a knowledge of
human anatomy was through his dissec
tion of apes. The works of Vesalius,
made available by the inventions of print
ing and engraving, soon became accessi
ble to students in all parts of the world
and gave additional fame to the already
renowned University of Padua, In which
Vesalius was a professor. It was here
that William Harvey, a pupil of Fabri
cius, caught his inspiration for the study
of the circulation of the blood, which
finally resulted in a discovery that has
been of Incalculable benefit to man and
has placed tho name of Harvey among
the immortals.
And now an impetus was to be given to
the practice of surgery from a wholly un
looked-for quarter, for who would have
thought that the Invention of gunpowder
would be instrumental in bringing about
one of the greatest advances in surgery?
It occurred in the following manner: The
advantage of firearms over the earlier
modes of warfare was readily apparent,
but the wounds produced by the leaden
balls were Immeasurably more disastrous
than those from the sword. spear or arrow.
The natural inference was that the swell
ing and fatality due to bullet wounds
were owing to the lead, and to counteract
this poison boiling oil was poured into
and along the track of the wound. This
was no new treatment, for the effleiency
of boiling oil and the cautery in stanch-
Ing blood had long been the authorized
practice.
feo well founded was this procedure that
Ambrose Pare at the close of a day
among the wounded in battle, finding that
his stock of oil had failed and that he
was obliged to dress some wounda with
out it, could not sleep from sheer anxiety,
and when on the following day he found
that the wounds which had not been sub
jected to the boiling oil were looking bet
ter than those treated by the established
plan his astonishment was very great. It
was indeed fortunate that this exigency
fell to the lot of so earnest, thoughtful
and courageous a man. for It led to the
abandonment of the cautery in bleeding
wounds and to the substitution therefor of
the ligature. To those who have become
accustomed to seeing a ligature applied
to a bleeding artery this may not appeal
as a notably courageous act, but when
It Is considered that he made the venture
alone and against the settled practice of
the profession, against it may be the posi
tive protests of his professional brethren,
and under the consciousness of the fact
that if the ligature failed to control the
hemorrhage and the patient's life was
lost his own might pay the forfeit, his
act becomes one of the most heroic of his
tory. Fortunate, indeed, that it succeed
ed, for had it failed rejief from the tor
ture of the burning oil might have been
indefinitely postponed. Truly this formed
an epoch in surgery. It gave to that
branch of the healing art an uplift that
placed It at once beyond the aspiration
of the ignorant: it gained for it the fos
tering care of the reigning powers, and
under the genius of I-irrey soon carried
operative surgery to the limits of human
skill.
The beginning of the present century
found the surgeon in possession of the
perfected tourniquet of Petit, the ligation
of arteries, immediate approximation of
wounds by suture and careful dressing of
the cut surfaces, chartered medical col
leges, ablp corps lof professors, well
equipped hospitals, where the students
had every facility for the study of all
branches of the healing art, libraries fur
nished with the best medical thought of
the ages, with periodicals from all parts
of the world and a course of study that
rivaled that of any of the learned profes
sions; and were I called upon to repro
duce the valedictory of a professor of
surgery to his class at the close of the
last century I would put words like the
following in his mouth: "Gentlemen. I
congratulate you that you are going forth
into no new tield of action. Surgery ' to
day rests upon well-tried and established
laws; Its triumphs challenge the admira
tion of the world, and it is questionable
whether the surgery of coming days will
do more than repeat the surgery oT the
present. Finer instruments will no doubt
be made, more Ingenious appliances, and
new operations devised* but the science
and art of our noble profession in our
day will scarcely be eclipsed in the fu
ture progress of the world"." Would *uch
a speech seem preposterous? Put these
words to the test and examine them by
the light of the medical history of recent
war" In the battles of Napoleon the
same, general appliances and rules of pro
cedure prevailed that were employed In
the American revolution and these were
scarcely improved upon In the late war
between the States. In every campaign
mother" and sisters at home haye picked
lint wound bandages and sent old worn
out handkerchiefs and garments for
dressings to the wounded. The surgeons
under Gram and Lee amputated as they
rim under Napoleon and \\ ashlngton—
tYed the arteries and brought the ligatures
out of the wound, and In their reports
stated the %1? when the ligatures came
a Tn y elancIng over the surgical progress
of the century If every modification or Im
nrovement n instrument, app lance, tech-
Sutf Ht 1^^.
whose inventors will never be remem-
b r>f d the memorable discoveries that have
advanced surgery during the century that
druRV such as opium and alcoholic prep
aration- but no one ever Imagined that
U would be possible for a sufferer to be
rendered Insensible to pain by the inhala
tion ot vapor and to awaken therefrom as
from a dream. Such a discovery In the
middle of the present century soon spread
throughout the entire world and gave an
Imnetus to surgery that was destined to
result In Us taking the highest laurels In
the -1ft of man. Under the inspiration of
tht new discovery surgical teaching be
came not simply a possibility but a most
attractive reality. Medical colleges and
hospitals multiplied and It would 1 be no
PYieceration to say that more medical
confles have sprung up within the last
flftv years in the United States than ex
isted prior to that date throughout the en
tire w-orld. One of the notable effects of
anesthetics Is that It completely relaxes
the muscular system. Prior to their Intro
duction the patient with a dislocated thigh
was first bled almost to fainting, then still
further related by emetics and -finally
BU biected. to the compound pulleys. Now
the surgeon, with his patient relaxed by
an anesthetic, accomplishes with unaided
manual skill In a few seconds that which
often took hours to accomplish before Its
discovery. Anesthetics have removed
hurry and precipitancy from surgical pro
cedure. Formerly it wrfs of the -highest
importance to the surseon to minimize
the moments of torture from the knife.
Hence the bystander often took out his
watch to. count the seconds required in
the removal of a limb. Anesthetics have
added to surgical explorations and opera
tions a sense of dignity, composure and
xrautlousnesa In procedure that was wholly
unknown to surgeons of an earlier date.
A quarter of a century ago a distin
guished surgeon remarked to a bystander:
"What would the su.seons of a former
generation say if they could see the woric
that we are now doing?" I have often
thought of that remark. Would I^arrey
wonder at the skill of his amputations or
Kergusson at this work upon the Hps and
mcuth or Ches3elden. at this collection of
vcslcal calculi? No; but that which would
have surprised them would be that a
spell could be thrown over the sufferer
and during an unconscious sleep the sur
geon could deliberately perform his work.
Truly anesthetics must stand alone as ;i
boon to suffering humanity ar.d in the
coming ages history will treasure few dis
¦ coveries more memorable than that ¦wnich
renders glorious the middle of the present
! century.
Another matter worthy of record ts the
rendering of a part bloodless before a:>
operation and keeping it so for an hour or
more during which the operation can be
performed without loss of blood or tht
obscuration of the field of action by lu
flow. This contribution by Esmarch con
sisted In applying an elastic bandage to
the extremity of a limb and gradually
enveloping it. Finally an elastic belt or
tube was wound around the limb near its
junction with the body, when the bandage
was removed and the limb found to be
bloodless. Such a help when searching
for a bullet or needle was very great.
Still another contribution to the glory
of the century was that of Roentgen in
rendering all parts of tho human body
luminous when subjected to the X-rav.
This at first had an exaggerated and
greatly overestimated position in mediciru*
and surgery. Its value, were it merely. to
locate foreign bodies in the brain, eye and
elsewhere, would be incalculable. Its pos
sibilities in throwing light upon internal
medicine the future must decide.
A quarter of a century has passed since
the lllustiious surgeon asked the question
above referred to. and were he to como
back and revisit the scene of his former
activities that which would astonish him
most would be that the volumes upon
surgery that represented his life work
and which he believed to be immortal
had within a few short years followed him
to the crave. The works of Galen out
lived their author for twelve centuries,
but of the standard works on surgery
that were up to date a quarter of a cen
tury ago not one. as it then existed. couM
be given away to-day. What a marvel:
The Htersrry monuments of a lifetime
swept away almost in a moment as by thtj
devastating tire of the prairie!
Twenty-live years is noi far to go back,
and I recall as it were yesterday surgical
clinics that possibly rivaled any in th«»
known world. Small wonder that tha
surgeons breast dilated with pride as ho
entered the amphitheater to receive the
homage of 500 admiring students. Small
wonder that he felt. "What would th»
surgeons of a former generation think if
they could see what we are doing?" Th<>
patient who has sought the advantages
of the clinic is a young man with enlarged
glands of the neck. The surgeon feels th«
glands and the patient Is ..ien conducted
around the clinical Inclosure to permit the
score or more of students within reach to
handle the neck for themselves. This over
and while the patient is taking the anen
thetic the surgeon describes the nature
and treatment proper for such conditions.
Once the patient is unconscious the sur
geon begins. With the first incision blooil
flows, but this Is wiped away by means
of sponges. Does an artery spirt" It is
caught and tied. Finally the tumors are
removed and down deep in the wound the
physician who brought the case to th<*
clinic is asked to put his finger and fWI
the deep pulsating artery. And the result?
Pus— and this is shown to the class at tho
following clinic as the much-hoped-fnr
result, but it never once occurred to any
one present that contamination couUI
occur from that score of student harr!*
or from sponges that had been used for
months, it may be. and that, too, on every
variety of case, or from ligatures that had
hung for weeks in the dust. Xo; so dceplv
impressed were the surgeons then with
the importance of recognizing the efli
cacy of laudable pus that when none was
to be shown in the clinic it was obtained
from a neighboring hospital to Illustrate
a lecture.
I have spoken of the military surgery
at the time of Xapoleon and said that it
would compare favorably with that in our
own war between the States, but how
about our late war with Spain? Doea any
one recall a request from the surgeon In.
the field for scraped lint? What, it may
be asked, placed all the orders for surgi
cal dressing in the hands of a few largo
concerns, and that, too. at great <"xpor.se.
when it would have been provided l,y
loyal mothers and sisters for the asking?
The answer to this and similar question*
that pertain to modern surgical m^thoda
Introduces the crowning discovery cf the
century— viz.. the source and nature of
wound infection. It has remained for the
last quarter of the century to demonstrate
that floating in the air we breathe, lodged
upon and la the recesses of the skin, upon
the clothing and everything about us Is
life, plant or animal, of microscopic/ di
mensions, which, under the favoring in
fluences of warmth, moisture and con
genial nourishment, multiplies with M
rapidity that baffles human conception
The study of these micro-organisms, their
«ouree. under wftat conditions they thrlvo.
the exact nature of their food, how thry
can be excluded from wounds, how rhosr
can be destroyed, how. when th<\v have
entered a wound, their Influence can b»
minimized or dispelled, are the problem.?
that crowded close upon their discovery.
This discovery and Its developments ha*
revolutionized medical education, the stu
dent now beginning his course in th<*
laboratory and with th» microscope: it
has revolutionized surgical Instruments,
operating rooms, surgical dressings atnl
th«» technique of every surgical operation.
It has created a department wholly un
known a quarter of a century ago— viz..
schools for the training of nursra— an<l
were the *»irg«»ons of a former genfration
to visit us now it is hard to tell whe»tu-r
the anesthetic, the X-ray or the retinue
of trained nurses with tho elaborate sur
gical technique would astonish them most.
But tho discovery of pus-produeins: or
ganisms has done something more; It has
created a science. Writers of sur«rlml
works have hitherto entitled their books
"Tho Science and Art of Surgery." "Th*
Principles of Surgery." etc.. hut never he
fore the present quarter of a century was
there anvthlng In the pathology of treat
ment of surgical maladies that wn*
worthy the name science. The "art of
surgery" haa In every sice kept pace with
the genius of the times and subsidized
every expedient that could benefit the suf
ferer. Not so with the so-called "science."
Its teachings have varied from age to
age. from year to year. Xo two author*
thought, taught or practiced alike, anil
in the babble of the schools "science"
blushrd and held down her hend. Xot pr>
to-day. The "science of surgery" has a.«
cended her throne and sways a "ceotrr
more absolute than the Caesars. A little
over a quarter of a century «go ;i re
nowned surgeon, standing by the bed^id<»
of a patient v«hose malady was ohscur?.
remarked: "1 d give SICK) If I dare cut
Into that abdomen." Had he done so that
patient would have died: had he drtne so
it would have been manslaughter. Tn-»1.»v
it would be deemed manslaughter to let
such a case perish without relief. Glorioin
nineteenth centurv: the past will ev<*r pay
thee homage! Will tv>» fn'tiro »•?•<¦
tbv peer? OSCAR H. AI,LIS.
Philadelphia.
COiVlPflRflTlVE STUDIES Of T\A/O CENTURIES.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
ADVANCE IN SURGERY IN 100 YEARS.
Electric Display at
the Native Sons'
Headquarters at
the Mason Street
Building.
THE executive council of the Ancient
Order of Foresters has authorized
High Chief Ranker Boehm to ar
range for two floats to be in the Ad
mission day parade. These are to illus
trate the principles of the order. The or
der will also have four carriages In line.
v The Odd Fellows' building will be
tastefully decorated during the celebra
tion by the order.
The decoration committee accepted a
plan yesterday for the decoration of the
Native Sons' building- on Mason street.
There will be electrical features in four
colors— red, white, blue and yellow— the
colors of the celebration.
Roos Bros, announce that they will dec
orate their place of business and will also
have a grand electrical display.
Major L. \V. Juilliard of Santa Rosa vis
ited headquarters yesterday. He gave as
purance of a splendid display by the par
lors of Sonoma County. The parlors will
be accompanied in th? parade by a car
riage in which w54l ride, as honored
guests, two survivors of the original Don
ner party.
A letter was sent yesterday to the Oak
land City Council requesting co-operation
by that body. It was suggested that Oak
land, as the principal city of Alameda
County, should contribute to the parade
pome special feature independent of the
tloat which has been asked of the Board
of Supervisors.
Grand Marshal Costcllo received a let
ter yesterday from William T. Jeter,
grand chancellor of the Grand Lodge of
California, Knights of Pythias. Assurance
was given that the Pythian Order. would
assist in every way possible to render the
celebration a success. Chancellor Jeter
has officially requested every lodge In the
order to participate.
Paul Antolne. the Consul for France in
this city, in a letter to the grand marshal
states that the French colony would par
ticipate through the committee whicji had
in charge the recent French national cel
ebration. The committee has promised an
elaborate national float, on the prepara
tion of which it is proposed to expend ud
ward of $1000.
The handsome poster has been litho
graphed In colors and is now ready for
distribution. During the next few days
copies of the poster will be furnished to
every city and town in the State. Local
and Eastern railroads have volunteered to
assist in the work of distribution of these
posters and within a week or ten days one
nr more copies of the committee's at
tractive announcement will be posted in
every prominent depot in the United
States. The agencies of Eastern railroad
companies show much interest in the cele
bration "and the committee is encouraged
to believe that many Eastern tourists will
be present.
Angelita Parlor of Native Daughters, lo-
PAGE FROM VETERANS' REPLY TO STANFORD PARLOR.
CALIFORNIANS' ENTHUSIASM
FOR THE ADMISSION DAY FETE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALLj FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
Paris Exposition Awards.
VII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
CELEBRATION
FOUNDED ON
PRETTY TALE
UNIQUE celebration last-
I | ing three days haa just
Irj been concluded in Chlna
jf Jl town. It was the festival
i of the Seven Sisters, and
w commenced Monday and
ended yesterday. The celebra
tion, which was carried on princi
pally-by. the women and children,
is an annual affair and is founded
on an historic event of the second
century- The festival usually be
gins on the seventh day of the
seventh motm.
According to Chinese history
there were seven fairies, one of
whom was selected by the gods to
visit the earth. She was married
to a poor shepherd, with whom she
lived 100 days. At the end of that
time the fairy was called back to
heaven and soon after a son was
born to her. On the seventh day
she returned to earth to give the
son to its father. The latter after
ward became prime minister of
China and the son also grew up to
be a great man.
Since that day the anniversary
of the fairy's coming has bren sol
emnized by appropriate ceremonies
by the women and children. It is
a day of thanksgiving and general
rejoicing. The women attire them
selves in fantastic garments;* and
laden with fruits and flowers they
visit one another, rehearsing the
story of the fairies and offering up
prayers and blessings. Some of
the houses of the Chinese were
brilliantly decorated. A glad wel
come greeted each woman as she
went from house to house, and in
some places elaborate spreads
were given. There were also dis
plays of embroideries and fancy
articles. The children were given
games to amuse themselves.
The new Kwan Tuner Temple of
the 'Sam Tup Company in China
town is to he dfitficatpd with much
pomp and ceremony early • next
month. The exact date will be
fixed just as soon us the new pres
ident of the temple has been, ap
pointed by the merchants, which
must have the indorsement of tl]e
Chinese Minister and the local
Consul.
The new temule is one of the
handsomest in the city and cost
$20,000. It is situated on Clay
street and is built of brick. It is
40 by 70 feet In ground dimensions
and one and a half stories high.
The god of war is the principal
image In the tempi* 1 . The god
stands about three feet high and
is rnado of wood, elaborately gar
nished with gold. The god of war
is the Chinaman's favorite Idol.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND^OO.^^. 011
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
' LA L.ISTA FIRE DANCER.
To-morrow Night— SAPHO and CAKE-WALK.
Commencing SUNDAY. FORREST SEABURY
In His Sensational 100-ft. Dive.
Order Beats by Phone. Park 28.
AMUSEMENTS.
, AV*iier .SIOCMC0 Sole Lessee aad Minaj?:
' • MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
"THF RED I filflP "
V. • '; MONHAV— "THE MIDDLEMAN'."
¦•¦-. . ¦¦-' • ' pniCEf? — 10<\ Jiic. 25c. !/><•.
V : '•-. :.' a Tew Rp?'-rv«?4 S^ats. 75c.
•' ! •• • Saturday Matinee— 10c. J5c. 23c. Me.
:'.'¦':¦ Era-ncfa Ticket Office. Emporium.
¦ME. AXDMTiS. JOHN MASON'. UIRU_
•;.' .-. <Katherln« Grey). . ¦ tllUH
"THE gT. OSGE BROTHERS.
ZELMA BAWL8T0N. GRADE
. . KltUQLS BISTERS. . ' . l
: IVCLLIVAX AXU WEBBER. . VAIIflF
>.'Azre kLvg. ... . VHUUE-
/ /ESSIE. VApGUAll. . : ¦ .... , c *
. UORD AND ROWE. YILLt I
VTIIJE AMERICAN EIOGFAPII. " J ;
"I' flrvf-ryed , Peat*. 2Cc; Balcony, 10c; Opera
. """helrsand Box Keats, 60c.
1-Matinys.. Wednrsdayj . Saturday and Sunday.
4%f HEATR £7A V
"! V. -."¦ LAST THREE NIGHTS. ' .. . '
' - -.CnSUC MATINEE TO-MORROW.
V V^mr^ L ORENCE
ACTRE.S ROBE/?7S,
Suprortca ty WHITE '.VHITTLEEEY.
ROMEO ii0
_ ..AND.. MATINEE
J&LIETi:™™
•Ctxt.Week. hy Request— "THE COUNTRY
SEATS NOW READT.
FKfHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOl/IlEn O Admission IOc.
PErTS AND DON; MAE TUXTBOX; JEAX-
JFfrTE LEWIS, Come4lnin»; AGNES FRIED.
f*"i!io; LITTLE ALMA YVCTHRICH.
6s\t t and Dancer: Reappearance cf MR.
EDWAItD n. ADAMS; an-1 New Mov'nc Pic-
tores. Matinee fcur.iay. Reserved Beau. So.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And a single anointing with CUTICURA,
purest of emollients and greatest of skin cures.
This is the purest, sweetest, most speedy, per-
manent, and economical treatment for torturing,
disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, and pimply skin and scalp humors with
loss of hair, of infants and children, and is sure
to succeed when all other remedies fail.
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
Exclusively fcr preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin.'for cleansing tho
tcalp of crusts, foales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for soften"
in;;, •whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, in the form ot baths for
annoying irritations, inflammations, and chafings, or too' free or offensive per-
spiration, in the form of washes for ulcerativo weaknesses, and for many sanative
antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, and especially
mothers, and for all tbe purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. No amount of
persuasion can induce those who have once used it to use any other, especially for
preserving and purifying the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children. Cuti-
cuea Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Ccticura, the great
{¦kin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of flower
odors. No other mediopted cr toilet soap ever compounded is to be compared with
it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. Xo
other foreign or domestic toiltt soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it
for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in Onk
Soap at One Price, viz., TnE.vir.FivE Cents, the best skin and complexion soap,
the eest toilet Boap and host baby so3p in the world.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor,
E kS g.B|»|W S rnnn-tinsof i'itrtb* Roap (25c.), to cleanse the skin cf cru»t» and
<t^£J- *• • >¦»»--•»**• ««* (icalen sod eoftea Ihe thickened cuticle, Clticcisa OlNTKrNT (50c),
to iusiauUy allay Itching, intiiimmntion, and irritation, and noothe and
TnG S©t« SI. 25 '""»!. » nd < -' t -" TItuR4 Keholvekt (50c), to coo! and cleance the blood.
A PitfGUt Set is often eufficient to cure the tuo«t torturing, dUflmirine,
tnd hnrolllating «kin, oealp. and Mood bumoir, with lo»« of hair, when all eise fall*. Pottsb
I). AXD C. Corf., bole .Prop*., Botton, U. 6. A. *' All about tbe Skin, Sculp, aad Hair," free.
Are You Registered P
'All citizens must register this year. 1900,
in order to be able to vote at general elec-
tion. November 6. 1900. Registration closes
September 26. 1900.' ?
AMUSEHEKT&.
CURTAIN RISES AT S SHARP!!
TO-XIGHT AND PATTRDAY EVENING,
Llchter, Graham. Avedano. Patapxa Nicolinl
Pchusw. Etc.. Etc.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND BUNDAY
"LUCIA."
Repetto, Ruxso. Ferrari. NIrolin). Frhuster.
N<»xt "Week— '•OTHEU/V' "niOOL.ETTO.'t
ron-L-Art PRICKS a and GO cents.
T«*l#-phon<\ RuFh 9.
All This Wepk— Matinee Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPKCIAL, COMPANY
In Leo Trevors Comedy-Drama,
"BROTHERJFFICERS."
•> SUNDAY NIGHT,
BURTON HOLME, LECTURES.
Subject— "ROUND ABOUT PARIS."
Next Monday. One W>«>k Only,
HENRY MILLER A 8 ERIC TEMPLE
Beats Ready:
HOW IS . THe'tIME ! '
ONLY THREE MORE* PERFORMANCES OP
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
And Then Commencing; Sunday Night,
THE LAST WEEK OF DUNNE & RYLEY'S
ALL STAR CAST IN
MATHBWS & BULGER'S LATEST SUCCESS
"THE NIGHT OF THc FOURT "
Farewell Performance Sunday Night, August
12. "RUSH CITY." .
•THE BROWNIES" ARK COMING. WATCH
. FOR THEM.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN v. .;. NIGHTS.
Open dally from " a. m. to 11 p. m.
Batkin? from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 6c
ns.tlilr.ff. including admission 23c. Children 29a.EASTERN MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. August 2.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 32 hours from
Crescent City. **w.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 15 hours from C.e
one.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig, 3S hours from Crescer:
City. •
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. 22 h^r* from
Stmr Eureka, Jewen, 24 hours from Eurek...
Stmr Grace- Dollar, Dorris. 74 houra f»3
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 25 hours from 3Jcnter«r.
fechr Mary and Ida. Ipsen, 33 days from Eer
insr sea.
Schr Maxim, Olsen. 50 hours from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Thursday. August i-
Stmr Bonlta. NIcclsor.. San Pedro; GoNii".
Perkins & Co. 1
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 74>4 74% 7334 7374
September 75% 75"i 74^1 74%
?ss£w£ : 76% 76Vi 75 * 3
August 3SVs Z"i 373; 3714
September SS 38 sjL 3-??
OC O t a°^ r N O .-2- 37 37 «
August 20% 20% 20% 2<W
September 21V4. 21H 2Ui 21U
October 21%- 2V/ S 21*4 nu,
Mess Pork, per barrel— * . ***>
September 11 95 12 30 11 95 12 •>,<!
October 12 00 12 20 12 00 Y> I5
Lard, per 10O pounds — . "
September ......... 6 85 6 92ft. *6 85 6 10
October 6S7H 6 95 6 87^4 6 ™u.
January 6 72% 6 77% 6 72% 6 7S
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September .7 07% 7 20 7 07V4 7 17U.
October :........... 7 05 7 13 7 05 7 is
January 6 10 6 12% 6 10 6 12',i
Cash Quotations were as follows:
Flour dull: No. 3 spring wheat, 63®72c- Vn
2 red,.77%@77Hc; No. 2 corn. 3S%c; No. 2 oats'
2114c; No. 2 white, 24%c: No. 3 white, • 22%®
Shipping Intelligence.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight.......... — |4 88H
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 S9»4
New York Exchange, sight....... — - 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — ¦ 60T»
Mexican Dollars, nominal..:...... — 4S>£
Wheat 'and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weak and Paris fu
tures were lower.
Chicago was lifeless and featureless. Traders
sold moderately. The New York market de
clined about (lc. ¦ -••</¦: .
This market continues dull at a further de
cline in futures. . .
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 05; Milling, $1 07V4
©1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES..
Informal Session— 9:15 o'elock — December — 26,-
CO0 ctls, $1 11%. • :-.. :
Second Sessipn— No cales.
Regular Morning Session— December— €000 ctls.
n n%: 12,000. n 11%: 4000, si n%. ,
-Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctlo, $1 11%:
14,000. $1 ll'i; 2000, Jl llVi; :. 2000, $1 10T4; , 46.000,
U 11. ' "V -
TO SAIL*
CHICAGO. Aug. 2.— "Wheat opened with a
material decline, initial trading In the Sep
tember option rallying from 75Hc to 75»ic com
pared with yesterday's closing price of laKuD
75T8C. Liverpool cables, showing little or 'no
advance at that market, were disappointing to
local traders. In addition to this crop reports
wer3 more cheerful in tone and weather con
ditions were ideal for harvesting operations.
Liberal receipts at primary points added to
the depression. Yesterday's buyers were prom
inent In the early selling, which, however
soon ceased. The local demand ceased enough
to allow some temporary flrmnras to the mar
ket, September advancing to 73%c, but when
the closing Liverpool quotations showed a dt
cline of %©>6d the market again turned weak
and from that time until the close of the
session the tendency was downward, although
scalping operations, which made up the bulk
of trading, resulted in several unimportant
rallies. There was but little demand for wheat
until September had declined to a point be
low 73c. when the market again received sup
port, but not enough to cause any substantial
Improvement, although the market became
fairly steady toward the close. September de
clined to 74%c and was quoted at 74«i@74% c at
the close.
Corn was w»ak and lower all day and vety
dull. September closed Tic lower.
Oats were dull and a trifle easier. Septem
ber closed He lower at 21>4c " p
Provisions were fairly active and Irregular
Early in the day the market declined ali
around, there being some disappointment over
the email decrease in the stocks. Weaker hosr
prices also had some influence. The close was
steady. September pork 12Vjc higher, lard 'We
lower and ribs 2^6 5c higher. The late re
covery was on an active shipping demand for
pork and sent the price of that commodity ud
sharply and other meats followed, though lard
did not entirery recover.
The leading futures ranged as follows*
Chicago Grain Market.
TO ARRIVE
FRIDAY. AUGUST 3. : .
Sun rises 5:lt
Sun sets 7:17-
Moon sets, first quarter 11:09 p. m.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early mominsr tides are given In the ir-'i
hand column and the successive tides of the
day •«! the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide "of
the day. the third time column the third tM*
and the last or right hand column glve3 th*i
last tide-of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on tli*
United States Coast Survey charts, ex.-p-^r
when a minus sign (—) precedes the heis'^^f
and then the number given is subtracted fr-vft
the depth given by the charts. The plane 'of
reference Is the mean of th? lower low waters^'
No radical changes are noted In the local
dried fruit market, and while steady in tone
evaporated apples are very' quiet '
CALIFORNIA PRUNES— 3>i©7c per Ib as
to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark, I5@17c
PEACHES-Peeled. 14@lSc: unpeeled. 669c
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common,
S's'lioc; prime, o}i@54c; choice, S^igeyic; fancy
7@74c. ~
DRIED FRUITS.
BUTTER-Reeelpts, 6232 packages. • Market
firm; creamery, 17@&9%c; factory, 14@i5iic-
Imitation creamery, 13ftl74c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7S13. Steady: •Western at
mark, HQlS4c for average lots; Western loss
off, 15t?li>Hc.
SIGAR-Haw, steady: fair refining, 4%c;
Centrifugal. 96 test. *%c; molasses sugar 4l4c :
refined, steady. ™ '
COFFKE-Spot-Rlo. weak; No. 7 Invoice
9'ic; mild, quiet; Cordova, nominal. Futures
closed steady to 4 to 15 points lower. Total
sales, $50,000 bags. Including September, J7 80®
7 85; October, $7 »0@7 95; November, |7 95fcS;
December, $S 10.
WOOL-Quiet
WHEAT— Receipts. 50.975 bushels: no exports.
Sales, 267.500,000; futures; 120,000 bushels ex
ports. Sjxh, weak; So. 2 red, 79 elevator; No.
2. red, M*ic f. 0 . b. afloat; Xo. 1, Northern
Duluth. S4c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easy
and remained eo nearly all day. except for a
slight afternoon rally on covering. Lower
cables continued dull and bearish crop and
weather news and liquidation were the chief
selling motives. Closed weak at lowest of the
day at *; net decline. September, 7&%Q80 s ic
unDp'f ; December. 81V«,<&S2?ic, closed" &l?ic.
xiOi^fe — Steady.
HIDES-Steady.
NEW TORK. Aug. 2.-FLOUR-Receipts,
18.793 barrels; exports. 2779; sales, (SOO pack
ages; nominally easier.
Nav York Grain and Produce. I
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hlsh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sari
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur aS
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort -Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
I 4s quar coup..ll5%1157i Mutual El Co. 9\ 10%
! 4s do res 113»iU3%:O G L & H... 43** 50
4s do cp new..l32 i S133 I i !Pac Gas Imp.. SO 3 * 51
3s quar coup..l(X»Vil09^i:Pac L Co 42H 43
Miscellaneous— !Sac ElG&PCo. 224 —
Cal-st Cab 5S..116H — !s F G & E 534 33»i
C C Water 5s. 106% — !San Francisco. 4Tj 5U
Ed I- & P 6s. 129 — IStkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — I Insurance—
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 jFirem's Fund.223 —
H C & S 5>is. — — I Bank Stocks-
Do 5s 101 — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 70
L A Ry 5s 104'i — Bank of Cal. .410 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — jCal S D & T..1O4^ —
Do gntd 6s.. — — [First NationaI275 —
L A gntd 5s.. .100 — Lon P & A....134',4 —
L A P R n 5s. — 101^' Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s... — 12SVi|Nev Nat Bk... — —
Do 1st M 5s.ll8 — Savings Banks—
SCNC R 7s. — — |Ger S & L v .1390 —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — Hum S & U... — —
Do 5s U7»i — Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
N P C R R 6S.101 — S F Sav U...505 —
Do 6s 106H107 Sav & L So... 74 73
N Cal Ry 5s..imi — Sec Sav Bk — —
Oak G L&H.U0*; — Union T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6s.. 116^,117 | Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 5s.. — 104 California 123 —
Oceanic S Co.. 105 105H'Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6s.. 125% — j Market-st 64 64 ti
P & Cl Ry 6s. 103% — O S T. & H.... — —
P & O R R 6s. 113 — Presidio — 22ft
Powell-st R 63.120 — Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&Ros. 95% — California 153 1624
S F & SJV3s.U9y.130 Giant Con Co.. 86% 87H
S R of Cal 6s.lll 1114 Vigorit 84 3?i
S P of A 6s...lll 112 Sugar Stocks—
S P C 6s(1905). - 111 Hana S P Co. 8 8%
Do (1906) ....112 112»iSHaw C & S Co 87 —
Do (1912) 119 — iHonokaa S Co 31 31H
SPRClst gnt5s. — — Hutch S P Co 25 25%
S P Br 6s 122%1334 Kilauea S PCo 194 13^
S V Water 6s.ll5 l i — Makawell S Co 44 464
. Do 4a 102H — Onomea S Co. 2SV. 27$i
Do 3d mtg.,102 — Paauhau S Co. 20*i 31
Stocktn Gas 6s 994 — Miscellaneous— '
Water Stocks — Al Pack Assn. 117 1175&
Contra Costa.. — 6S^i Cal Fruit Assn 9S 9S4
Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn. 97 100
Spring Valley. 94>4 95 Oceanic S Co. 92 93
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G & L Co — — Pac C Bor Co.130 —
Cent L & P Co — 54 Par Paint Co.. 124 —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 57 00
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s ng 23
20 Paauhau P P Co ' 30 jp-i/
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 53 •>¦;
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 53^)
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 5375
$1000 Spring Valley is bonds <2d mtg)....ic S">K
Street— " '*
$6000 Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 103 CO
$3000 S P Branch Ry 6s bonds 133 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
J5000 Contra Costa Water bonds, cash... 106 50
25 Giant Powder Con 57 00
10 Giant Powder Con ' tg gri'
* 200 Hcnokaa S Co '* 31 C 0
173 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 25
23 Oakland Gas " O 75
50 Paciflc Lighting \" 42 50
10 Paciflc Gas Imp !. 50 75
50 Pacific Gas Imp 50 30
2CO S F Gaslight 5 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 00
1 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 54 CO
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 87^
• SO S F Gas & Electric Co 63 73
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
CO Home Oil „. 4 73
Afternoon Session.
5 Blue Goose 15 CO
130 Hr.me Oil 4 75
100 Home Oil, cash 4 70
100 Hcme OH, b 30 4 75
£500 Independence 14
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
300 Alta 06 130 Overman 10
10O Belcher 22 30 Potosi 15
200 B^st & Belcher 22 300 Savage 13
25 Con Cal & Va.1 55 100 Sierra Nevada. 2ft
10O Crown Point... 16 1C0 Silver Hill H
400 Gould & Curry 22 40O Sliver Hill 63
100 Hale & Norcrs 24 600 Union Con 20
200 Mexican 17 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 30
TCOOphlr 70 800 Yellow Jacket.. 31
THURSDAY, Aug. 2.-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co 34 4
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
An advance In Gas and Electric to f"3 75 was
the only change on the morning session of the
Bond Exchange, business being dull.
The oil stocks continued quiet and feature
less.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold up
to $54, but fell back again.
The Hale & Norcross Mining Co. has levied
an assessment of 10c, ami the Overman one of
5c.
The quarterly Interest on the second mort
gage 4*8 of the Spring Valley Water Company
Is now payable.
The quarterly interest of $1 5* on the bend
of.-jhe Edison Light and Power Company will
be-^ayable to-day.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of oc per
share, payable on the 17th.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 25c per share on the 6th.
The Hulme Bros. & Hulme will pay a divi
dend of 63c per share this month.
THE STOCK MARKET.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..-
August 2, 1300. "^
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry^
buildir? was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3- .
o'clock p m., Greenwich time. .'
C. O. CALKIXS.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N.. tn charge. :
Branch Hydrographic Office. V. 3. N.. Mer-
Time Ball.
An area of unusually high pressure is central
ctl the Washington coast, while the lowee* pres
rure overlies Southern Arizona. The pressure
hac risen rapidly over Washington. Idaho and
British Columbia and fallen over the southern
portion of the Pacific slope.
. The temperature has fallen decidedly over the
eartc-ra portions of Washington and Oregon
Idaho and along the central coast of Califor
nia.' The , temperature rta'hed 106 degrees at
Fan Luis Obi*po to-day, which is the highest ca
record for that station.
Partly cloudy and somewhat threatening
*"i'J;fr prevails over irtah and Arizona.
¦ Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
crying midnight Auawt I. 1900:
Northern California — Fair Friday; cooler
£.!¦ r.ir the coast: fre«=h Wfst wind.-
Southern California — Fair Friday; cooler
along the northivw-t coast; light west wind.
Xcvadii— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair: cooler Friday.
Ar'.zor.a— -Partly cloudy and somewhat threat
ening Friday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fnir Friday;
cooler; freeh west wind. G. H. WILI^SON,
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2. 5 p. tq.
. The f&ilowlr.R laiimum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day':
Eureka —'Los Angrles 92
Fresno 10$ Sacranrnto 100
Mour.t Tarnalpaiy.... ftfi
Ited Bluff Utftfiaa Diego '.. T4
Kan Luis Obispo IOC'
£an Frandjco data— Maximum temperature
12; cinliBum, bO; ir.oan. 71.
WKATHER CONPIT1ONS AND GENERAL
(12 "th Meridian
-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
. ••Freights from I-ueet Sound port* fell off 50
C^nts. but this <an. only be temporary, for
many bottoms will be required by the Govern
.mer.t to transport troops to China should the
war be entered Into in earnest, and this will
take mar.y of the rcawlji now in the Cape Nome
tra1<? an<J render still scarcer vessels with a
lumtw>r-carrj-ing capacity. Despite the dull
nicnth just past l-jrr.i>er manufacturers are far
rnore hopeful than they were a year ago and
rroypects for a gx«d Tall trade are very bright."
.'•The month cf July is always a dull month
for the' lumber trade and the past one was no
exception. The receipts by sea and land were
ilpht »n<3 the foreign shipments ehow a great
falling off. Prices have been well maintained
by' the retailerF. but all the yards complain of
Blow ealf-s. The redwood mills are nearly all
rur.nir.s. but the cut Mill not be called for be
fore fall. The pttuwed export company will
probably be ia . working order by Oclober and
then there will be a better demand for redwood
for hoir.e ocrsumption, and as the market will
be relievod of its yurrlup clear, a rise in price
ir.ey be expected and enjoyed.
Pacific Coa^t "Wood and Iron eays
The Lumber Market.
"Apptm are only fairly steady at 44c. Fales
¦were made yesterday, hov.-ever, as low as 4%c
for. November and 414c for December delivery,
this being the lowest point' touched yet. Many
predict a 4c market, though there will likely
be considerable buying before that figure is
jearhed." ¦.--.•- •
"Prunes are rer«".rted firm on the coast, due
to the probable small outturn of large sizes.
Almond? ar*- very strong &nd held very firmly.
In view of the f-tmr.g market abroad and light
Ftockf herp, holders show no particular eager-
D£Si to fell. Brazil nuts are being taken Elow-
Jy by the trade at the high prices, -but the
price is iike'y to be still higher before Ion*.
Charters/. -.. '"¦•}.'¦"
Tt* Censu?lo loads merchandise for MahuV
kona; the S. C. Alien, merchandise for Hono
lulu.. ••• ' : • ;¦ :¦ ¦/ /¦ '[¦¦ ¦'; .' ".J
; Barley Shipment* '¦ "..': / ]
The BritiFh ship Thaiatta cleared yesterday .
for Queenstown for orders with €1.492 ctls of
1 arley. yalu»d at $53,300. and 1S.O00 feet lurhb«r
durr.age, valued ;»t $270. Total value, $55,570. ' ¦
Coinage of the Mint:
' The coinage of. the lccal mint for the first
eevtn months • of tho calendar year- amounted
to S2T..6';<j.e34. iLgair.st ?~M0Q.7J0 for the same
period in 1S39, ..¦'¦: ' ¦ ¦'•¦". ¦ j
Customs Collections.
¦ -¦ ' • ¦ ' :¦ - '¦' : . ' . . • ¦ . - ]
Local customs collections In July were $653,-
RS. against ;j*S«,?O0 In JuIy;.:S09; and for the
£rft fevea.rr.f nths oT the year J4.27S.379, against
'$t/S5w£O0 for; the .same, time last year..
Imports of Coal.
' Treperts of Coal at this port during the fli-st
¦ eeven. months of the year, were £74,200 tons. '•
apaiiist -K-6,9.50. during the game time in 1SS?.
the leadiris; descriptions being as follows: Frqni
Pujret Sound. 3*7.457 tons'; British Columbia,
SS.H5;. AuftraHan. >4,0f0: ¦Esiglls*. 42.26:.
Staple Exports. .
Following are a 'few, staple exports from this
port by «?a In- July: ¦-"-•:
Flour— 7«,K'€ bblE. valued at $259,909.
Wheat— c.25,241 ctls, valued: at SilS, 743. .
Barter— 2191 ctls. 'valued at ?2£'€L
Quicksilver— £ii.i<€4 lbs. valued at 111.926.
Wine — <:«,34; gallons, valued, at . 1140,270; also
£75 oas*-s and 7 barrels. '.-'-. •
• Brandy— 5i&3 gallons, valued :at SSCC6;' also 10
Cases.-. ! - ¦ '. -. - - . ' .' .
Nezv York Dried Fruit Market.
The New Tcrk Commercial Eaysr
''Sale* of 100 barrels of currants' were report
ed yesterday at 6%c. and there will be a fur
ther advance es e">on. as a ievr more sales of
like size are consummated. According to cables
from Greece, the present cost to import is fully
T'^r, and there is every reason to believe that
the market here will reach the 7c mark before
very long. Some estimates now made are that
the new crop will be less than 70,000 tons.avail
able for exjjort.
•'Interest in new apricots locally Is still very
slight, but a firmer market is reported on the
cccit for choice and fancy. The higher mar
ket rn Sultanas abroad has stimulated interest
In California Sultar.as. ar.d it was learned yes
terday that a New York dealer has within a
Jew days roupht Elx cars of California bleached
Sult&r.as on the coast, practically cleaning up
the holdings there. The reported price was
Cijc. f . o. b.
< nearest approach to' animation and covered
an extreme ranee of over '2 points, but it
:closej with' a net loss of %. The opening
•price was the highest and was slightly below
• the ' London • parity. The hope of an active
speculation in anticipation of the dividend was
quickly fcbandoned arid the stock slipped back
.into a rut of dullness near tu last nlghf a
price level. ' The action of the directors in
providing for two semi-annual dividends of I
l>er cent'ea^h was quite unexpected, as only
on? had b>-en definitely promised. There was
a slipht flurry an<l some leverishnefis In the
shares as n rule, but a downward course en
sued on offerings of some heavy bl jcks which
looked like realizing. This carried the stock
to. 74*r. which was the low point of the day.
Apparently the realizing became lighter beKw
75, and the nx>m shorts . covered, causing a
slight rally. The holders of Union Pa
cific, then attempted to. make use of the dis
crepancy in the price of that stock and Balti
more a ad Ohio, both' paying 4 per cent divi
dend, and by a few large individual transac
tions gave Union Pacific a place in the active
list. But this movement quickly subsided.
There was some strength in Sugar and Brook
lyn Transit, the first being affected by denials
that the traiie war had been resumed and
the second by inspiring assurances that the
annual report would show larger earnings than
had been hoped for. Continental Tobacco pre
ferred -was raided down ?i. The general un
dertone of the market was firm with some
yielding in the latter part of the day. A
feature of the day was the slightly easier tone
for time money. Sterling exchange was firm.
" The bond market generally was dull and
irrepulnr. Total sales, par value, $944,000.
United State? refunding 2s. when issued, and
the 5a advanced >i and the old 4s and new Is
• coupon) while the 2s declined hi on tlie. |
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— *• Bid.
4*0 Atchison 26-i
(.000 Atchlson prefd 69'i
33,120 Baltimore & Ohio 74' s
....... Canadian Pacific 67'i
Canada Southern 4S
210 Chesapeake & Ohio 27H
250 Chicago Great Western 10 T i
2,475 Chicago. Bur & Quincy 126
Chicago. Ind & Louisville 23
365 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd iO'rj
Chicago & East Illinois 95
100 Chicago & Northwestern 1574
' £36 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 105T4
... C C C t St Louis i>8Vi
tOO Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 40&
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 16
•12S Delaware & Hudson 112*4
Delaware. Lack & Western 176U
... Denver & R!o Grande 17V4
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 664
Erie 10%
Erie 1st prefd 32
Great Northern prefd Io2 l 4
Hocking Coal 15*i
Hocking Valley 33V.
247 Illinois Central 116
1C0 Iowa Central 19
125 Iowa Central prefd 46
Kans City. Pitts & Gulf 15
Lake Erie & Western 27Vi
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore 200
3S2 Louisville & Nashville 71%
860 Manhattan L 90%
6uO Metropolitan Street Railway ISO 1 *
Mexican Central 12 '4
M> Minn & St Louis $i>h
GoO Minn & St Louis prefd 94
500 Missouri Pacific »0V»
Mobile & Ohio 37t4
Missouri, Kans & Texas 10
1(1 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 30'5
32* New Jersey Central 125*i
New York Central 32SU
3,300 Norfolk & Western 33
Norfolk & Western prefd 76H
t20 Northern Pacific ol 1^
325 Northern Paciflc prefd 71H
1.E10 Ontario & Western 2(Wi
Oreg-on Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
2,170 Pennsylvania 12S
Reading : }6H
221 Reading l*t prefd 59 : i
100 Reading 2nd prefd 2S%
Rio Grande Western 59Vi
Rio Grande Western prefd W>
St Louis & San Fran 3%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66
2^0 St Louis Ac San Fran 2nd preid ¦&%
K0 St Louis. Southwestern 10
1 500 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 26?*
310 St Paul HI
131 Kt Paul prerd 171
St Paul & Omaha 110
1,100 Southern Raeific 33'i
¦ 110 Southern Railway lOvi
2*/0 Southern Railway prefd 12
450 Texas & Pacific 14V4
I 29,110 Union Pacific 53^
! LOCt Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wabash CH
140 Wabash prefd 17»»
Wheeling & L E -.: 6»4
Wheeling & L E 2nd prefd 23V4
Wisconsin Central 53
Third Avenue 10'J
Express Companies
119 Adams 120
American Io4
... tTnlted States 45
I Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous..
American Cotton Oil 34V4
...V.. American Cotton Oil prefd 53
American Malting 3H
American Malting prefd 19
100 • American Smelting & Refining 36*4
100 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 87>4
American Spirits U4
American Spirits prefd 17 -
210 American Steel Hoop 18%
American Steel Hoop prefd .' 66
5,3% American Steel & Wire 32'i
320 American Steel & Wire prefd 72Vi
400 American Tin Plate 1 22'i
American Tin Plate prefd 77%
7.420 American Tobacco 92%
American Tobacco prefd 12S
4.420 Anaconda Mining Co 41%
19,535 Brooklyn Rapid Transit .TVg
250 Colorado Fuel & Iron S2»i
5.200 Continental Tobacco 24%
11.S1 1 ) Continental Tobacco prefd 75'i
2.40i) Federal Steel 32>i
3.23S Federal Steel prefd 63
100 General Electric 13QV5
100 Glucose Sugar 52
Glucose Sugar prefd 96
International Paper 22
100 International Paper prefd 6JU
Larlede Gas "3
National Biscuit 30?i
115 National Biscuit prefd gT.%
I Xational L?ad 19
National Lead prefd B6%
National Steel 24
National Steel prefd 84
New York Air Brake 133
North American 15
Paciflc Coast E2
Pacifle Coast 1st prefd S3
Paciflc Coast 2d prefd 62
210 Pacific Mail '.. 3014
110 People's Gas 9S»4
100 Pressed Steel Car 3S',4
12-> Preened Steel Car prefd 72
110 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rcpe & Twine 5
15.C30 Sugar 121%
100 Sugar prefd 116
100 Tenness^ Coal & Iron 6S%
SoO United States Leather 10>/»
...:... United States Leather prefd 6S
3S0 United Stateo Rubber 26%
United States Rubber prefd 93
2S0 Western Union 79
7C5 Republic Iron & Steel Company flii
SCO Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 60
P C C & St L S2
170.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref, when M K & T 2ds...... 6614
>«ued 103% M K & T 4s .... 91
Do coupon 103U N.Y Central lsts.. .108
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice to Manners. >
HUMBOLDT BAY. CALIFORNIA. -
Change In Color of Humboldt P.ay Entranca
(Rear) Range Beacon Light.
Notice Is hereby given that on and after Sep
tember 1, 1900, the color of the Humboldt Bay
entrance (rear) range beacon light will be
changed from red to white. The front ranga
light will remain red as at present.
ADDITIONAL BUOY AT ENTRANCE TO
HUMBOLDT BAY— OFF SUBMERGED
END OF SOUTH JETTY.
As soon as practicable a first-class nun buoy,
red. numbered 2, will be established about '-i
mile off the submerged end of the south jetty,
entrance to Humboldt Bay.
CHANGES IN NUMBERS OF BUOYS.
The second-class can buoy, black, between
the Jetties, called north spit buoy, will be
numbered 3.
The third-class nun buoy, red, about 600 feet
east of north Jetty light, will be changed from
No. 2 to No. 4.
' The Inner Junctton buoy, third-class nun, red.
near Bucksport Wharf, will be numbered 6: ¦
In the channel ir.to South Bay to Fields Land-
Ing, the third-class nun buoy. red. called
south spit, will be numbered 2. ar.d the lower
end of middle ground buoy will be numbered 4.
The third-class nun buoy, red and black hori
zontal stripes, called west end middle ground
buoy, that marks the spit between the chan
nels going into North and South bays, will \>*
changed to a second-class nun buoy, with red
and black horizontal stripes.
This notice affects the "List of Lights, an i
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 13C0." page IS.. N.\
43. and the "List of Eeacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1900." pages 29, 30 and 31: also
Coast and Geodetic Survey Chart No. 5S32.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. .":
U. SEBREE. Commander U. 9. N. ¦ "1
CORN— Spot — Steady; American mixed new,
3s 10»4d; American mixed old. 3s Ihid. Futures
—Quiet; September, 3s 10%d; October, 3s lid;
November, 3s ll>id. •
WHEAT— Spot— Steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 63 2d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3d; No.
1 California. 6s 3Hd@63 2d. Futures— Dull;
September, 6s %d; December. 6s l^d.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 2.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
standard California, 6s 2d!@6s 2%d; wheat in
Paris, barely steady; flour in Paris, barely
steady; French country markets, quiet. ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 5 15-32d. , r , /
• . CLOSIXG.
LONDON. Aug. 2.— Consols. 97%; silver.
27 15-lCd ; French rentes, lOOf 25c ; cargoes on
passage, more inquiry; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 30s 5d; cargoes Walla Walla. 2Ss 3d;
cargoes Oregon, 30s; English country markets,
quiet.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Aug. 2.— Clearings, $241,984; bal
ances, $45,350.
Portland's Business.
TACOMA. Aug. 2,-WHEAT-Buyers have
agreed to hereafter make a difference of 3c
between Hluestem and Club wheat. The mar
ket to-day was quiet. Bluestem lc higher at 59c,
Club £6c.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND. Aug. 2.— There Is no change in
the local wheat market. Very little of the
cereal is offering and there Is no Immediate
need of exporters buying, as there is more
wheat on spot than was ever held here before
at a corresponding date. For Walla Walla ex
pert quotations are nominally 55c and 56c and
about the same for Valley. Bluestem is nomi
nally 59c. All grades of flour were marked
down 10c per barrel to-day. -
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON, Aug. 2.— A sale of sheepskins was
held here to-day at which 3624 bales were of
fered. The attendance was good, but the de
mand was slow. There were large withdrawals
in consequence of the low offers. There was a
decline of 7»4 to 10 per cent.
Sale of Shcepskijis.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Liquidation In cotton
continued on a large scale again today. The
combination of bearish Influences which have of
late been in force, continue in operation. The
lowest prices showed a loss of 12 to IS points.
The market closed quiet and steady, 1 point
higher (October) to 16 points lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— The local metal mar
ket continues In a weak and nominal condi
tion, with iron leading in the heaviness. The
cables were unsatisfactory and the advices from
the West were unfavorable to improvement
here. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlRiron warrants, weak, lower and nominal, nt
$12, with Northern weak and unsettled. Lake
copper, unchanged, at $16 50. Tin, easy and
lower, at $32@32 50. Lflad. unsettled, at $4 25.
Spelter, easier, at $4 22>4@4 27^.
COPPER-Quiet: brokers', $16 50; exchange,
$16 50; casting, $15 23.
LEAD — Unsettled; brokers', $4; exchange,
$4 25.
New York Metal Market.
Canadian failures in July were 21 in manu
facturing, for $252,614, and in trading for $453.
532, with only one "other commercial" for $400,
a total of 92 failures for $706,546.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Reports to R. G. Dun
& Co. show commercial failures In July 793
in number, with liabilities of $9,771,755. Of
manufacturing concerns there were 183 de
faults, amounting to $5,177,1GS. and of traders,
550, with $3,324,368 liabilities. The total last
month was about double that of the same
month last year, but it must be remembered
that failures in July, 1S99, were the smallest,
with one exception, irr any month of the
eighty-two for which detailed statistics have
been published by this concern.
Failures for July.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Sheep and lambs,
strong and active. Good to choice wethers,
$4 25@4 65: fair to choice mixed. $3 75@4 20;
Western sheep, $4 25(ff4 60; Texas sheep, $3@4 10;
native lambs, $4 60@6 16; Western lambs, $5 25
@6 13.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18,000; to-morrow, 13,
000, estimated; left over, 3000. Opened strong to
5c hipher, closing easier. Top. $5 50; mixed and
butchers', $5 1505 47%; good to choice heavy,
$5 15<ff5 45; rough heavy. $4 90@5 05; light, $5 20
05 CO: bulk of sales, $5 20@5 40.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6500.
Steers, active, strong to 10c higher; Western,
fteady; butchers' s'tock. steady to 10c lower.
Natives, best on sale to-day nine carloads at
$3 85; good to prime steers, $5 25@6; poor to
medium, $4 60@5 20; ¦ selected feeders $1@4 70;
mixed Mockers, $3@4 90; cows, $3@4 50; heifers,
$4@5: canners, $2 40@2 80; bulls. $2 70(^4 65;
calves. J5@6 60: Texas fed steers, steady, $4 40«i
5 30; Texas grassers, $3 35®5 35; bulls, $2 50®
3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Earl Fruit Company's
salos of California fruit: Pears— Bartlett, $1 25
@1 75 box. Grapes— Malaga, $1 30@l 65 single
crate: Clusters, (1 70(52 20. Thirteen cars fruit
sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Pears—
Bartletts, $1 S5@l 70 per box; B. Hardy's, $1 30
@1 35. Plums— Yellow Egg, $1 40 per single
crate; Columbia, $1 45; P. D.'s, $1 35; Brad
shaw, $1 35. Prunes— Gros, $1 60@l 75 per single
crate; Silver, $1 25'.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Pears—
Bartletts. $1 SO^l 90 per box. Prunes— Gros.
$1 25@1 70 per single crate: Germans, 85c@$l 25;
Silver, $1 35; Tragedys, $1 40. Plums— Yellow
Egg, 95c@1l 50 per single crate; Imperials. 75c;
Columbia. S3c@$l 10; Kelsey, $1 05Q1 40; Victo
ria, $180; Satsuma. $1; Wickeon, $2 15; Brad
shaw, 95c<g$l 15; P. D.'s, $1 40. Grapes— lied
Tramlna, $1 75 per slnglp crate.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes—Fontaine
bleau. 75c©$l single crate; Malaga. $1 20@l 35.
Clusters, $1 75@1 So. Pears— Bartlett, $1 40<g2
box. S0@85c half box. Peaches— Foster, 90c@$l
box; Crawford Cling, 90c@$l: Early Crawford,
S5c@$l 15; Late Crawford, 75c@$l 15; Susque
hanna, 45c@$l 15; Strawberry Free, 75c£$l.
Plums — Diamond. $1 55@1 60; single orates;
Wickson, $1 25@1 60. Eight cars fruit sold to
day.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 1 6 2
Closing 6 0V4 6 1V4
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 19 70 2100
Closing 19 75 21 00
Flour-
Opening 25 60 27 20 .
Closing 25 60 27 25
Lccal customs collections shoiv tin increase-.
Lumber trade exhibits the midsummer dullness.
Decreased imports of Coal at this port.
Turpentine marked doumfjc per gallon.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter firm, Eggs steady and Cheese very zceak. !
Poultry in large supply and dull. Game inactive. j
Melons in brisk demand '-'owing to the hot weather.
Large Prunes promise to bring a pretnium this year.
Lemons and Limes in small supply and firm. *¦
Hams, Bacon and Lard on the verge of an advance.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Wheat dull, with lower futures. ¦ ¦:
Barley continues to point upward.
Oats firm, but quiet. Corn and Rye -unchanged.
Increased receipts of Hay. \ . ¦ . ¦ " ¦ ' . ¦ :
Advance in Rolled Barley and Cornmeal.
Beans and Seeds dull at prmimis prices.- . •
Exchange and Silver as .before. .. - .
U S o 23 reK 10 ° 1 N J Central gen 5s.l22Vi
V & 3s reg 109%! Nor Pacific 3s 65^
K £ 3a COU P 109% I Nor Pacific 4s 104V.
U;S new 4s reg....l32% IN Y C &S L 4s.... 107
i* c 1 "^" is COU P----1 : 2>4 Norf & Wes con 4s. 97}i
L S old 4s res 115», bregon Nav lsts....U0
Lj fc> old 4s coup 115% Oregon Nav 4s 102%
II h os reg U3ii 'Oregon S L 6s 125H
il« °f £ oup 113 ' 4 |° re K°n S L con 5s.ll2ii
»! s J? f Co1 3 -65s. ...122 (Reading Gen 4s.... S7U
Atch son gen 4s....l01^|H G Western lsts.. 98S4
Atchison adj 4e 83% 8 L & I M con 5s. .110%
r£ n S P OU^5f rn 2ds -- 10 S S L & S F gen 6s.. 121
Ches & Ohio 4>ss... 33^ St Paul con 167U
phes & Ohio 5s 116V; S P C & P lsts... .116^
,,!? & ? con Ts ---H0 B P C & P 5s 11SW
m.f £. h F Ueb 5s - 122 ISouthftrn Pac 4s.... 78%
;-hic Terminal 4s... 92VJ jSouthern Ry Cs 10S*'.
oolo Southern 4s... Sl'i Stan R & T 6s 70
!l en t?S l s ts....l02 |Texas & Pac lsts. .111%
Den & n G 4s 97?i Texas & Pac 2ds... 56
Erie Gen 4s. 68^. Union Pac 4s 105%
l ' w * D S lst "- 71 N'abash lsts 116V4
Uen Electric 5s....H5V4 Wabash 2ds ..101%
l?^*? 6 " 1 ™ 11 lsts --«3 Iwest Shore 4s 1U>4
F ? 5 & G lsts ---- 70 IWls Central lsts... SS'
L & N unites 9SUiVir Centuries 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar liOntario 6 75
Crown Point 33;Ophir 65
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry 30 Do prefd 6 60
Hale & Norcross.. 27 Sierra Nevade .... 22
Homestake 50 00 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver 50 Union Con JS
Mexican 14 Yellow Jacket 2S
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Union Pacific 69
Call loans ..»...2%@3 Union Land 2
rime loans 3^@4^ West End 93
» O o k ?T" • IVestlnghouse Elec. 63 "
A T & S F T. 26^ Wisconsin Central. 13
A T & S F prefd.. 69 U Bonds-
American Sugar ..121V4 Atchison 4s 9931
I>o prefd 116 N E Gas & Coke 5s 64
Bell Telephone 143^ Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 24S Adventure 2
Boston Elevated.... 142 Allouez Mining Co. 1
Boston & Maine 1*9 Amal Copper S7
Chic Bur & Q 126^6 Atlantic 2314
Dominion Coal 40 Boston & Montana.300
Do prefd 112 Butte & Boston.... 62
Federal Steel 32 Calumet & Hecla..74O
Do rrefd 6".H Centennial 16>£
Fitchburg prefd. ..137 Franklin 13
General Electric ..129'4 Humboldt « 25
Do prefd 13S% Osceola 65
Ed Elec 111 204 Parrot 4Hi
Mexican Central... 12 Quincy 133
Michigan Tele 85 Santa Fe Copper.. 4U
N E Gas & Coke.. 15T6 Tamarack 19414
aid Colony 205 Utah Mining 2S'
Did Dominion 18% Winona 2U
Rubber 26^ Wolverines 3S^
London Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The idleness in the markets here was not re
lieved to-day and such dealings as there were
had no feature, though the tone was steady.
Baltimore and Ohio was weak on rumors of
dissensions in the board which were current be
fore the dividend announcement. Paris bought
Tintos in connection with the Bourse settle
ment. The bank bought £19,000 gold In bars.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Aug. 2.— Atchison. 26?i; Canadian
Pacific, 90; Union Pacific preferred, 77*4 ; North
ern Pacific preferred. 73^4; Grand Trunk, 6H"
Anaconda, S?i. Bar silver, steady, 27 15-16d per
ounce. Money, S@3H per cent.
Nciu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Money on call easy,
1HS1H per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4.<j
4% per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with
actual business in bankers' -bills at $4 £7% for
demand and $4 83% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 S4> /S ig4 S3 and $4 SS4; commercial bills.
$4 S3*i. Bar silver. 60? 4 c. Silver certificate.,,
61h r a<i2\ic. Mexican dollars, 4S',ic. Govern
ment bonds, irregular; State bonds, weak; rail
road bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
" t
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— The statement of
the treasury balances in the general fund, ex
clusive of the $i;o,000,000 gold reserve in tho
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $151,010,104; gold, $73,893,751.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
23Hc; No. 2 rye, 50<gr50'/4e; good feeding barley,
37c; fair to choice malting, 40@42c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 40; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 42; prime
timothy seed. $3 10@3 25; mess pork, per bar
rel, $12 15@12 20; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 S7H®
6 SO; short rib 3 sides (loose). $7 10®7 35; dry
salted shoulders (boxed).- <r\i@"c; short clear
sides (boxed). $7 65@7 75: whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 23H: clover, contract grade, $8
. Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 13.000
Wheat, bushels 112.000 "'°W
Corn, bushels 302.000 660,000
Oats, bushels 2S0.000 308.000
Rye, bushels 9,000 5.000
Barley, bushels 8,000 J.OOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy. Creamery. 15®19c; Dairy, 15
@l"c. Cheese, steady 9V>®WVic. Eggs, steady;
fresh, line.
Provisions.
The firmness in cured meats continues and
Apricots rule firm, with a good demand. Pears
are nominal, as the market has not yet fairly
opened. There Is a fair inquiry for Peaches.
Prunes are firm at the advance In New York,
but the local market is featureless, stocks be
ing cleaned up. Large sizes will command a
premtum this year, as It Is now pretty well es
tablished that they will be short, not only here
but in Europe. All kinds of fruit seem to be
running small this year.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, nomi
nal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples, •3%@4^ic;
sun-dried, 3@3'/tc per lb.
NEW CROP— Apricots, 6@7%c for Royals and
7H@10Uc ior Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5©6c; sun-dried, 3@3«Ac; Peaches, 5c for stand
ard, 6c for choice and 7c for fancy; Pears, 5@
7V4c; Plums, pitted, 5® 6c; unpltted. l@l&c:
Nectarines, 4@5c for red and 5@6c for white
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, "per
lb.- 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime, he; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8Hc; choice, 7Hc; standard, 6Uc
prime, iic; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5}4c
3-crown. 6V«c; 4-crown, , 7c: London Layers, 2-1
crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 GO; Imperial, $3. . All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUT9— Walnuts. 8@10c for Standards and 9
@llc for Eoftshells: new Almonds. ll»4@12V4c
for paper-shell. 9^4@10Hc for soft and 6<?7~c for
hardshell: Peanuts, 5®6Hc for Eastern and
&tj6c for California; Brazil Nuts, ll@12Hc: Fil
berts, 12@13c; Pecans, 11@ 13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
@5. ¦-¦- .•¦.,.. ..-¦-¦.-¦; .
HONEY— Comb, 12@12»,4c for . bright and 11®
HVic for light amber; water white, 7Vi@"Hc
light amber extracted. 6%®6%c; dark, Z'A'dCc
per lb. •
BEESWAX-24®26c per Ib.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS— 25<g50c per box and crate; and
$15$i25 per ton to the canners. They are about
gone.
APPLES— 25@40c per box for common and
EOc@$l 25 for good to choice; Crabapples, 20@30c
per small box and 40@60c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25@65c In boxes and $10®
20 per ton in bulk.
PLUMS— 20@40c per box and crate; In bulk,
$1(V@13 per ton; Prunes, 25@50c per crate; Egg
Plums, $10@15 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50@4 per chest for large
and $3@6 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5<& 8 Der chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2{?4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $7 per chest.
CURRANTS— $1 50©2 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
FIGS — Nominal at 50®75c per box.
NECTARINES— White, 33<&60c per box: red.
50® 75c.
PEACHES— 30@*0c per box and 25@40c per
basket; in bulk, $15@20 per ton for freestone
and $20®25 for cllntrs.
GRAPES — Fontainebleau, 30@60c per crate.
Muscats. 50c@$l per crate; Seedless, 75c(S'$l 25
per crate: Sweetwater, 35®50c; black, 50®73c;
Tokay. $1. •
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c@$l 25 per case; Can
taloupes. $1 60®3 per crate; Watermelons. $8
@25 per 100, wltb $30 for extra large.
. • CITRUS FRUITS— Valencias, $1 5CKg2; Lem
ons, $1 50@2 50 for common and $3@4 50 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $G 50@7; Bananas.
$1 2.".@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per
dozen.
There were more Bartlett Pears on the mar
ket yesterday, but prices showed no change.
Peaches were in fair supply and steady. Plums
were in diminished supply, though there was no
scarcity.
The weakness in Berries was wholly due to
the late arrival of the goods; otherwise there
would have been no decline.
Melons were tn quick demand, owing to the
hot weather. ~
Grapes were quiet with increasing supplies.
Lemons and Limes continued scarce and firm.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter rules firm at previous prices, though
some dealers are Inclined to advance the mar
ket He
Cheese continues to drag and dealers are be
ginning to give concessions to work oft their
accumulation.
Eggs are steady at the quotation, though the
recent advance has increased the receipts some
what, and the demand is slow, as retailers
now have to ask 30c, and this checks the con
sumption.
BUTTER—
Creamer}'— Fancy Creamery, 23$?23%c; sec
onds. 22V4c.
Dairy— Fancy, 20c; good to choice, 18@19c;
common, 15@17i*c.
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20c.
Firkin— 18©20c.
CHEESE — New. S@9c; Young America, 9%@
10c: Eastern. 13H@14Vic; Western, 10®12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14B17HC for store and 20®
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, U^fjjlSc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A car of Eastern sold at 12®14c for Turkeys,
$1 50 for Geese, $3 50 for Ducks, $5 50@6 for
Hens, $4 50 for old Roosters, $6 for young do,
$3 for Broilers and $4@4 50 for Fryers.
The poultry market is overstocked and dull,
but fine large Hens and young Roosters sell
well enoueh. Small broilers and fryers are
cheap and hard to dispose of.
Doves are in fair conditton, but hare and
rabbits ore coming in spoiled.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and lO^lIc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50;
Goslings, $1 23@1 50; Ducks, $334 for old and
$!! 60(^4 for young: Hens, $4@5 SO; Young Roost
ers, $4S«; Old Roosters, $3 5O®4 50; Fryers,
$3^3 50; Broilers, $2 50®3 for large and $1 50<g2
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
• GAME— Dove?. 40@60c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 25; Brush Rabbits, 75c<gtl; Hare, $1.
Poultry and Game.
There Is nothing new in Potatoes and Onions.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c;. New Early
Rose 25@30c; Burbanks, 25i@<0c for Rivers and
S5@3Oc per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 2S»Vic per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow, 75@90c per ctl; Pickle
Onions, $1@1 25.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50c«?$l per sack,
SOc(g$l per crate for Berkeley and $1@1 50 for
Alameda; Green Peas. 2H@3%c per lb; String
Beans l@3c: Llmas. 3S4c; Cabbage, 40-g;0c:
Tomatoes. Rivers, 30@50c- Bay, 50@75c; Egg
Plant, 5O@75c per box; Green Okra, 5O@S5c;
Green Peppers, 25<g50c per box for Chili and 40
<??60c for Bell; Dried Peppers. S@10c: Carrots. 25
@35c per sack: Summer Squash, 25@50c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 20Q33c for Alameda; Pickles,
$1 per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Garlic, 2
g3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@15 per ton.
As usual at this time of the year Vegetables
are in large supply and cheap, without much
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dull and featureless.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 63®2 73; Small White. $3 40
S3 GO; large White, $2 60@2 75; Pink. $2@2 S5;
Red $3 25@3 50: Blackeye. $3 50; Lima. $5 30®
6 40; Pea. nominal: Red Kidneys, $4®4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $2@2 20; Canary,
3<4c per lb for California and 4e for Eastern:
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp, 4@4&c;
Timothy. 4<ff4V4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green, $2 25@
2 60 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Hay ran up again, being 1179
tons. The market showed no change whatever,
being steadily held.
Rolled Barley and Mixed Feed showed aome
change.
Bran and Middlings stand the same.
Corn products have advanced.
BRAN— 112 50@13 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16017 50 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50028; Cocoanut OWte. $20*521; Corn Meal,
S26 50; Cracked Corn, $27; Fixed Feed. $13 50@14.
* HAY— Volunteer. $4 50@6 50; Wheat, $10iyi2;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50@ll 50; Oat, |8@10: Clover.
$4516; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley, $S o0@S 60 per
STRAW— 25@40c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extra?, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, J2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 1»@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, $4 75®
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to. the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 per 10O lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal. $2 50;
Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75: extra cream
do $3 50- Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 50ffl3 75;
Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat,
$3 50; Farina. ?4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 2j;
Rolled Oats (barrels), 565x7 25; in sacks, $j o
©7- Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
7S%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Inactive but firm. Offerings are mod
erate, but sufficient for the demand
White, $1 10@l 30; Surprise. $1 3o@l 40; Red.
$1 10®l 22%: Gray, $1 10@l 20: Black $1 07%|>
1 2*V4 per ctl; off grades of all kinds. $1@1 07(4-
CORN— The leading holder still aeks previous
quotations, and Is apparently Indifferent whether
he sells or not. If buyers want his corn they
have got to pay what he asks. Large \ellow.
$1 25 per ctl; White, $1 25 per ctl; Small Round
Yellow. $1 25.
RYE— 9O@93»ic per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. .
BARLEY— The firm tone continues and oome
dealers ask 80c for feed. ; though no sales over
77%c were reported. _
Feed. 75@77%c for No. 1 and 67%@72ttc*°r off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, 80@S2%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
Receipts from the Islands In July were 39,
691,0C0 lbs. against 43.S83.C00 for th« same month
last year.
TURPENTINE— Is 5c lower, as follows: 64c
per gallon In cases and 58c In drums or Iron
barrels.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST J, 1300.
Floor, qr sks 6.86S|Wlne. gals 79,700
Wheat, ctls 4,750, Quicksilver, flsks. 3
Barley, ctls 69, 717 j Leather, rolls 95
Oats, ctls 3.6S0 Sugar, bbls 133
Cheese, ctls 140!Sugar, sks 1.200
Butter, ctls 393;Hay. tons 1,179
Tallow, ctls 222 1 Wool, bales 36
Eggs, doz 19,550; Middlings, sks.... 275
Hides, No 54S Bran, sks 323
Powder, car. 1 Onions, sks 1.S20
Lime, bbls 273 Beans, sks 1,341
Pelts, bdls 203 'Potatoes, sks .... 4,345
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 1,5001
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.20c; Powdered,
6 SOc; Candy Granulated, 5.80c; Dry Granulated,
6.70c; Confectioners' A, 5.70c; Magnolia A,
5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C, 5.10c; barrels,
10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. SOc
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
inos. half-barrels, 6.45c; boxes, 6.70c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, S3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6;
Coos Lay, Jo 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative
Wallsend, $3: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $!4;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton In bulk
and $1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
BAG? — San Quentln Bags. 15 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6@6%c; Wool Bags. 2S%'£32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags, 6%@6fic for
white and 8U@S}ic for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
VEAL— Large, 788c; small. 909%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%S8c; ewes, 7S7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8&@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6@6%c for small. 6%®5Tic
for medium and 5%@5Hc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 6%@5%c; dressed Hogs, 8®8%c.
Quotations remain unchanged.
BEEF— 5#6c per lb for fair to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9%c: medium. ,8%c; light. 8>jc; Cow
hides 8V>c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, sound, 15c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings. 20@30c each; short Wool, 30<3S0c each;
medium. 60<2SOc; long Wool, 90c@U 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. J2©2 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium.
Jl for small and 23@50c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins,
30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2,
3c; refined. 5%c: grease, 2@2%e.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 14@13c; Northern, defective, 123
14c; Middle County, free, 14@16c: Middle Coun
ty defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 10@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
1 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino,
lG@17c; Nevada. 13S16c per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln Lambs', 839c per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at 5S10c per lb; new.
10®12c. •
All markets under thi3 head remain un
changed. -
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8Hc: two tierces.
S J ,£c: five tierces. S?4c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@10%c per Ib for
heavy, 10H@10%c for light medium. U%c tor
light, 12%c for extra light and 14c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%i&13c;
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl: extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily, $14: extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear. $13;
Mess. J16 GO; Smoked Beef. 12Vi®13c per lb.
some dealers have advanced Hams, Bacon and
Lard He, but the advance Is not yet Eeneral.
Stocks are light, both here and In the East,
and a general advance Is thought to be only
a question of time.
THURSDAY. Aug. 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. TJifj v-v
Alpha 07 OS Justice 07 <N
Alta C4 06 Kentuck . <\-> n-?
Andes 10 u Lady Wash '." C*» -
Belcher 22 2GJMeiican . 17 1*
Best & Belcher 22 23 jOccidental ... CU r,s
Bullion 03 OS'Ophir ....*.... 70 7 > '
Caledonia S2 83 Overman (o w
Challenge 2o 25|Poto8i 13 15
Chollar ._ 13 lSlSavag* 12 u
Con Cal & Va.1 50 1 D5,Pcorplcn ".'.'.'."" S _*
C°"fl^nee 95 97'Seg Belcher.... oi 04
Challenge 23 26 Sierra Nevada. 2> 25
Con Imperial... ci 02 Silver Hill 63 6V
Con New York. - 031 St Louis _ h
Eureka Con ... — 1,0 Standard 4 35 4 SO
Crown Point... 16 18 1 Syndicate ...... 07 -
Exchequer 01 03 i Union Con .... 21 2?
Gould & Curry 22 23 Ut*H .... on 1 1 i
jufia C ™' H 25 j Yellow Jacket. 83 %>H
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
110S Alpha ; 08' 1000 Overman in
200 Andes ll| 200 Potosl 13
500 Challenge 23 500 Savage 13
10O Confldence 92 500 Sierra Nevada tt
200 Crown Point... IS 3W Yellow Jacket. 31
500 Crown Point... 17 50O Yellow Jacket ii
S00 Mexican 171
500 Andes 121 100 Confidence .... 54
200 Andes 11 3W) Confidence 100
3r;0 Belcher 23 300 Cnuld & Curry 21
200 Best & Belcher 22 j 20O Hale & Norcrs. 2T,
2CO Best & Belcher 23 500 Mexican is
300 Challenge 2."> 900 Savage 13
400 Challenge 27 300 Savage u
E«> Challenge 2S1 300 Silver Hill it
7QO Chollar 14! 1200 Union Con »i
20O Con Cal & V.I 52> i, 1 12<Jft Yellow Jacket. SO
200 Con Ca! & Va.l ".i 40O Yellow Jacket. S3
100 Confldence .... 90 i . T .0O Yellow Jacket. 14
10O Confidence .... 'Jil JCO Yellow Jacket. 35
Afternoon Session.
Morning 1 Session.
The following were the sales la the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
SCO Alpha <W| 609Con Imp f5
200 Belcher 23 ( 5i> Crown Point... 15
300 Belcher 21 300 Exchequer .... 02
50 Caledonia »5 5<H> Overman w
800 Challenge 23 V» Savage ft
100 Chollar 15 2tt> Sierra Nevada, 'm
1C0 Chollar 15 800 Yellow Jacket. 3J
10O Con Cal & Va.155!
Afternoon Session.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— The small amount of
bufineirs done on the Stock Exchange to-day
wa* almost wholly concentrated In four stocks.
Jn none of the four did the net change* ex
ceed V Baltimore and Ohio chewed the
Nezv York Stock Market.
Continued on Page Eleven.
8
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. . . | Pier;. .
Eureka ...\[Humboldt Aug. 8, 10 am'P'.eMJ
Amer. M.iru China* Japan Aug. 3. 1 prr. pMsd
Bonita .... 'Newport Aug. 3. 9am;P4eFlt
Xewburg ..[Grays HarborjAug. 4. 5pm;Plerl3
Walla W... i Victoria Auk. 4, 11 am: Pier 9
Arcata JCooa Hay Aug. 4, 12m!Pier»
Czarina ...-! Seattle (Aug. 4, 5 pm, Pier S
Santa RosajSan Die*o IAuj. 5. 11 am P'.«t 11
North ForkiHumboldt jAu*. 5. 9 am Pi«r £
Pt. Arena.. IPoint Arena.. Aug. 6. 3pm|Pler^|
Columbia ..Portland Aug. 6. 11 am Pie^"f
2 rll^.--? umb0 i dt v- Ang: 8 - SpmiPler^
O. Dollar.. 'Grays HarborlAus. 7. 12 m'. ..
Coos Bay. .(Newport Aus. 7. 9 ami Pier -U
Curacao ...jMexlco Auj. 7. 10 ami Pier 11
J. Klmball. iCape Nome... Aus. 7, 3 pm pier 3
Eureka Humboldt Aug-. 8, 10 am! Pier 13
San Bias... New York Aug. 8. 12m]PMS3
Alameda ..Australia Au«. 8, 8 araiPler ?.
Corona San Diego Aug. 9. 11 amIPler 11
UmatUla ..j Victoria Aug. 9. 11 amIPler 9
Steamer. j From. I Dai
From.
I. Du-
_ -^~
Bristol MDyster Harbor Aug.
Newburg San Pedro Aug-
Santa Rosa San Diego Au~'
Columbia Portland UoS,
City of Peking. China and Japan 'AuS
Point Arena iPnlnt Arena ! : Aur'
Progreso Tacoma IAur
Tltanla -. Nanalmo -Aug*.
Orizaba Humboldt Au<»
Umatllla [Victoria aW
Coos Bay Newport lAui.
Matteawan iTacoma |Auk"-
¦Wellington [Comox .^... Ausr"
Santa Cruz jf?eattle Au<.
Eureka [Humbolclt Aug.
City of Para.... New York Aug.
Ccroi»a San Diego Aur.
Kmpire (Coos Bay Aug!
Stat* of Cal [Portland Ant
Bonlta IXewport lAug
Crescent City ..jCrescent City Aur!
Arcata [Coos Bay -. Aus
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. . . | Pier;. .
Eureka ...\[Humboldt Aug. 8, 10 am'P'.eMJ
Amer. M.iru China* Japan Aug. 3. 1 prr. pMsd
Bonita .... 'Newport Aug. 3. 9am;P4eFlt
Xewburg ..[Grays HarborjAug. 4. 5pm;Plerl3
Walla W... i Victoria Auk. 4, 11 am: Pier 9
Arcata JCooa Hay Aug. 4, 12m!Pier»
Czarina ...-! Seattle (Aug. 4, 5 pm, Pier S
Santa RosajSan Die*o IAuj. 5. 11 am P'.«t 11
North ForkiHumboldt jAu*. 5. 9 am Pi«r £
Pt. Arena.. IPoint Arena.. Aug. 6. 3pm|Pler^|
Columbia ..Portland Aug. 6. 11 am Pie^"f
2 rll^.--? umb0 i dt v- Ang: 8 - SpmiPler^
O. Dollar.. 'Grays HarborlAus. 7. 12 m'. ..
Coos Bay. .(Newport Aus. 7. 9 ami Pier -U
Curacao ...jMexlco Auj. 7. 10 ami Pier 11
J. Klmball. iCape Nome... Aus. 7, 3 pm pier 3
Eureka Humboldt Aug-. 8, 10 am! Pier 13
San Bias... New York Aug. 8. 12m]PMS3
Alameda ..Australia Au«. 8, 8 araiPler ?.
Corona San Diego Aug. 9. 11 amIPler 11
UmatUla ..j Victoria Aug. 9. 11 amIPler 9
Steamer. j From. I Dai
From.
I. Du-
_ -^~
Bristol MDyster Harbor Aug.
Newburg San Pedro Aug-
Santa Rosa San Diego Au~'
Columbia Portland UoS,
City of Peking. China and Japan 'AuS
Point Arena iPnlnt Arena ! : Aur'
Progreso Tacoma IAur
Tltanla -. Nanalmo -Aug*.
Orizaba Humboldt Au<»
Umatllla [Victoria aW
Coos Bay Newport lAui.
Matteawan iTacoma |Auk"-
¦Wellington [Comox .^... Ausr"
Santa Cruz jf?eattle Au<.
Eureka [Humbolclt Aug.
City of Para.... New York Aug.
Ccroi»a San Diego Aur.
Kmpire (Coos Bay Aug!
Stat* of Cal [Portland Ant
Bonlta IXewport lAug
Crescent City ..jCrescent City Aur!
Arcata [Coos Bay -. AusIncreased Receipts for Customs.
Customs Collector Jackson reports the
July collections for duties at this port
as $658,656 02, a sum much above the nor
mal.
Will Become Rector of St.
Mary's Parish in Sep
tember.
THE Rev. Stephen Inncs. who was
called to the rectorship of the
Church of St. Alary the Virgin sev
eral weeks ago, has accepted ajid
will come here early In September.
Father Innes will fill the vacancy
caused by the. death of Rev. F. B. Bart-
tlett. who was drowned in Sonoma Creok
June 21. Eince Rev. Mr. Bartletfp death
the ilEfehi of St. Mary's parish have brcn
in charge of the Rev. W. H. RatcM!" as
eistant to the Rev. Herbert Parrish at
the Church of the Advent on Eleventh
: Fatl.tr Inn^s is at present curate tn St.
Arubr.;?* Chuieh In New York City. Ke
¦ wa* cr.i6tn*»d Ia5t June, having graduated
from the Univcrrity of Pennsylvania :«id
the General Theological Seminary at New
York. He Is about 2S years old and mar
ried. His father !b Rev. Robert F. Innes,
" founder of the Home of the Merciful Sa
vior for Crippled Children in Philadelphia,
pnd hi which institution he Is now the
-. chaplain. The new rector Is a forcible
n^>« aker and an indefatigable worker. St.
f Gary's Church is at the corner of Union
M- •*. Etclner streets. \
\T!.e church will receive ' needed finan
cial assistance in the fall by the acnuisi
tVon of two legacies— one from the Plxley
estate and a second from an Oakland
woman; the two aggregating about $2500.
REV. MR. INNES HAS
ACCEPTED CALL
Margaret Robinson and
John iC. Dornin Plight
Their Troth,
The first August wedding took place In
Trinity Church at noon yesterday, when
the Rev. F. W. Clampetf united Mlsa
Margaret Robinson and John C. Dornin.
The bride Is the daughter of a well
known mining man and is a native Cali
fornlan. For • some time past she has
taught In the , Hearst Grammar School.
She is a strikingly beautiful brunette and
very popular In local society.
Mr. Dornin is a son of George D. Dor
nin, manager of the National and Spring
field Insurance companies, for which he
is the special agent for Washington and
Montana. . . . ;
As the noon hour struck the bridal party
marched up the alele toward the altar,
which was beautifully decorated with
tiger Hlles and wood ferns. • The bride was
becomingly dressed in a simple gown of
Swiss muslin and. carried a bouquet of
white sultanas. Leonard Crane acted as
best man and William B. Hamilton, the
brother-in-law of the bride, gave her
away. " Immediately after the ceremony
the bride and groom left for a honeymoon
trip to Alaska. On their return they will
make their home In •Tacoma, where Mr-
Dornin has his headquarters.
WERE WEDDED
AT HIGH NOON
Yorke Council.
Vorke Council. Young Men's Institute,
*-ill give a social in Pioneer Hall to-night.
Among thrtse who will entertain the m^m
berm and friends are Kelly andllarlowe,
tho Quinn brothers. A. J. I>olan, charm. ion
rnkewalkcr; U. Hanlon, J. V. Dnherty,
\V B. Kersrll, Joseph Hanson. William
Maronry and L. O. O Brien. The supr*-me
pnd grand officers have been Invited to be
present-
Stole Benefactor's Diamond.
Edwin Aldridcre. a boy of 13 years of
ape. was arr<*stPd yesterday morning by
I>ctectlvew Reynolds and Rlordan and
charged with burglary. The enmn'.ainins
witness is C. H. Wentz, a reiirfil grocer
from Philadelphia. Wentz claims that he
¦ruet the boy in Golden Gate Park a few
««ks a*T". and, taking a fancy to him.
¦brought him to his rooms at "317 Jones
nreet and kept him there, a few days
later the boy stole a diamond pin from
Wentz and pawned It fr,r &. Wentz re
dremed the pin and forgave the boy. Th<?
youth stole the pin a second time and
jicwned it. The police were notified and
Aldridge was arrested.
Thresher Burned. »
. PETALUMA. Aug. 2.— A threshing outfit
belonging to Ben Barnes was destroyed,
by fire at the William Hill ranch, Cotati,
to-day. Loss JwO.
REPUBLICANS ORGANIZING.
Special Dispatch tr» The Call.
Special Dispatch tr» The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 2.— A constitution
and by-laws were adopted by the McKin •
ley and Roosevelt Club last evening. On
account of the holding of the Republican
State Convention In this city the mem
bers of that party are especially enthusU
astic over the club. Although only two
weeks old. It numbers orver 200 members.
Fifty of the young men have signed the
roll of membership of the drill corps. It
was the sense of the meeting that a drum
and bugle corps constitute a part of the
drill corps. v"
Moore Leaves Los Angeles.
Pi*>clal risratch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2.— Ex-Fire Chief
Walter S. Moore has-gone to seek pas
tures new. He left Los Angeles Tuesday
night, saying he intended to settle down
permanently at some point in Arizona.
He 'will engage In the practice of law In
the Territory, having been admitted to
practice in this city many years ago.
Hefore leaving Moore Informed several
friends that when he returned to Los An
geles it would be as a mining magnate or
else he would not come back at all. His
friends freely predict that he will make
his mark in Arizona if he attends strictly
to business.
Mitchell Supporters Thank Press.
The committee having in charge the
collection of funds to be used in proporut-
Irjr those supposed to have bef>n conneet
. .1 with the killing of William Mitchell
h'^t. right adopted the following resolu-
Uos:: ¦ ¦
Whprpa*. The it*pf of r"a:ifnm!a k"- if "
y.ra>e<1 a very frmmciniaWf wal in th»> mat
ter -of Ifce fnlma outras». ami th»" i>res* of
>ht\ FtanciFco In particular has been conspicu
.•jf-'y active in its endeavor to discover the
*-;-.;.<¦: tutor*;
.K<wlveO. That the thanks of thin committee
tx> fc«-reby *>xt«T.<!ed to th» entire pri>M.
' ~t. H. M"rton. J. S. Franrie «J<v>rpp W. r>en
rti* Jr.. Itcv. T. Drown. Rev. J. H. Keiiev. J.
C. .Hlvers. Orundy Nrhle. F. \V. Jackson. W.
K. Strickland, Iprael McKee. Rev. W. W.
'CriinM.. A. L.. I>ennle. Jamos L.. Clayton and
6. E. Touni. O»ner*l «~«mmlttee. J
MAJOR GIBSON COMING.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— Major Gibson,
surgeon U. S. A., in this city, has been
ordered to San Francisco and assigned to
duty as attending surgeon and medical
superintendent of the army transport ser
vice In that city, as the relief of Major
William H. Arthur, surgeon, who la or
dered to Taku, China, for duty with tho
troops in that country.
Sues Electrical Cimpany.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 2.— William Erickson,
whose. 12-year-old son was killed by com-
Inp In contact with the wires of the San
Jose Light and Power Company a few
weeks since, has sued the company (or
$30,150 damages. It is charged that the
wires were improperly swung and not In
sulated, and that the company was aware
of this.
Drowned While Eloping.
POPLAR BLUFF, Mo.. Aug. 2.— Martha
Hendricks. 17 years of age, and Paul "War
ner, an eloping couple, lost their lives to
day by drowning in the Currant River
while attempting to escape from th«»
anfrry father of the girl. They embarked
in a skiff, -which struck a snag and over
turned. Both occupants were swept away
and drowned.
HORTICUXTTJRAI, SOARD MEETS.
Decides to Hold Next Fruit Growers'
Convention in San Francisco.
.«{w~-lal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2— The executive
committee of the State Board of Horti
culture, consisting of Ellwood Cooper,
Thomas A. Rice and R. D. Stephens, met
here Tuesday ni^ht.
Owing to the importance of the question
embodied in the disposal of fruit ft waa
decided to hold the next State Fruit
Growers' dnvwition In San Francisco,
ifremopr 4 to 7. A committee of ar
rangements was appointed consisting of
Alexander craw. E. J. Wickson and I?. N
Rowley.
A communication was transmitted to
the t ommls<iinnpr of Customs at Wash
ington requesting that the officers, of "ail
vessels from foreign ports be restrained
from landing any plants or fruits until
examined for pests or disease by the hor
ticultural quarantine officer at San Frai.
cisco. A Flmilar communication was or
dered addressed to the Postmaster Geu
< ral concerning plants coming through th*
mcils.
The report of Alexander Craw, Sta'o
horticultural quarantine officer, was read
and approved.
ENGINE GOES OVERBOARD*.
Solano at Benicia.
Pix-cial Dispatch to The Call.
Peculiar Accident on the Steamer
BKNICIA, Auk. 2.— A peculiar accident
happened last night at a late hour on the
ferry steamer Solano. Engine 1721 pulled
a ptring of freight cars onto the boat and
the yard enelne undertook to swing an
other lot of cars onto the opposite side.
There was a blunder and the result was
that the freight engine was bumped off
the bow of the boat. Strange to say. tho
tender was torn from the engine and re
mained on deck. At the time of th» ac
cident the engineer and fireman were not
at their posts, and the salvation of their
lives is probably due to this fact.
The engine stood on Its no?e at the bow
of the boat and shut off all traffic acros3
the strait. Af the ponderous machine
weighs 100.000 pounds the company found
great difficulty in raising it. Through
trains perforce went by the way of Stock
ton, and in consequence the overland was
about three hours late.
Lost a Driving Wheel.
RKD BLUFF. Aug. 2.— Freight train No.
20. due here at S o'clock last night, arrived
four hours late, having lost a driving
wheel. The Oregon express was also de
layed four hours. No one was injured.
WEDDED AT SANTA ROSA.
Celia McMahon Becomes the Bride of
William R. Price.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 2.— An interesting
wedding occurring in this city to-day was
that of Miss Celia McMahon, daughter of
the late James McMahon, and William
Randolph Price, assistant cashier of the
First National Bank of Fresno.
Huge Cylinder Cast.
The ceremony took place at the brlde'3
home on Third street and was performed
bv Rev. J. M. Cassin of St. Rose's Church.
Miss Rena Donahue acted as maid of
honor. The bride was gowned In white
organdie and white silk, and carried a
large bunch of white carnations. After
the wedding breakfast the happy couple
left on the afternoon train for L.ake Ta
hoe, where they will spend the next three
weeks.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2.— A steam cylin
der, seventeen feet In length and over five
feet In diameter, for use on the steamer
Piedmont, has been Cast in the Southern
Pacific 6hops here, and there is every rea
son to believe that the work has been suc
cessfully performed. This is the largest
piece of work of this kind that has been
perfected on this coast, and weighs fif
teen tons.
Unknown Man Drops Dead.
Special DlKpateh to The Call
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 2.— An unknown
man, supposed to be Charley Wells or
Billy Beecher, fell dead here this after
noon while at a bar taking a drink. He
had been drinking heavily for a night and
day.- He was about 40 years of age and
came here three weeks ago from Los An
geles.
THE third of the Burton Holmes lec
tures at the Columbia Theater was
given to a goo<i house yesterday aft
ernoon. The subject, "Round About
Paris." especially attractive at this
season ot the world'3 history, was han
dled In Interesting fashion, but hardly
with the Intimate, vivid, spontaneous grip
that has characterized the treatment of
the preceding subjects. With the excep
tion of a rare and Interesting description
of Mont St. Michel, with Its tutelary god
dess, Mme. Poulard, artist In omelettes,
and pen and camera pictures of the an
cient feudal castles of Pierre fonds and
Coucy. the talk might have been compiled
from the desdsed Baedeker. The illustra
tions also, with the aforesaid notable ex
ceptions, do not compare at all favorably
with those of the foregoing lectures. Thlj
perhaps lies In the familiarity of the
things pictured; but there was a peneral
air of wasted opportunities and lack of
Interesting viewpoints. Mr. Holmes \s
evidently more at home when he Is
abroad.
After the close of the lecture, however,
some magnificent moving pictures of Inci
dents in the Klondike region were shown.
For absolute perfection of illusion tho
"Panoramas from a moving train on the
White Pass and Yukon Railway"' and
"Shooting the White Horse Rapids on the
Yukon River" have never been excelled.
They are worth the price of admission in
themselves. Some excellent geisha pic
tures are also shown. The lecture will be
repeated Sunday evening.
FLYING TRIP FROM
PARIS TO ALASKA
Southern Pacific Barn Burned.
A fire last night destroyed the larpe
warehouse at Brannan and Seventh
streets, owned by the Southern Pacific,
formerly useri as a oar barn an.l rented
by the American Carbajre Company as a
Ftorehoupe for waste paper. A small in
surance covered the stock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug. 2.
Henry P. Dalton wants it understood
that he Is not going to withdraw from
the fight for Congrcfcs.
Rumors about the movements of the
County Assessor in the approaching tight
have been many, and one of these was
that he would not go before the people
at the primaries. The other was that he
would run as an independent. Mr. Dal
ton said in The Call this morning that he
would not run as an independent. To
night he issued the following statement
as to his remaining in the fight for Con
gress :
There is nothing whatever In the statement
that I am about to retire as a candidate from
the Congressional campaign. Nothing was evvr
further from my thought*. I Intend to tie this
light clear through to the end until the last
vote is honestly cast and correctly counted.
That I shall receive the support of the people
of this county and be nominated I have no
doubt whatever. Feeling this, I shall certainly
not retire from the contppt.
HENRY P. DALTON.
"Mr. Dalton will stand or fall by the
result of the primaries," said Charles H.
Spear, one of his managers.
Congressman Metcalf is making an ear
nest rampnlen and la meeting with gen
eral success. The organizations in his fa
vor are many. It is remarkable how
many clubs have been formed to further
the Interests of Mr. Metcalf. They have
been formed from all classes of voters,
from the gray-haired members of
the Quarter of a Century Repub
lican Club to the , Hill Club of
Piedmont and Linda Vista, composed
of the most aristocratic residents
of Oakland, while numerous clubs of
workingmen. shipwrights and the great
mass of the voting people are in exist
ence, and all for the specific purpose of
helping Congressman Metcalf secure his
A call was issued this evening for a
meeting of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee for Saturday afternoon at
2 p. m. In Justice Quinn's courtroom.
The members will take some action to
ward calling a county primary election.
Statement Issued by Asses
sor Defining His
Position.
DALTON TO STAY
IN THE CONTEST
FOR CONGRESS
George A. Knight left last night fnr
Washington to use his political influence
for a fee of ivm.
The fee has been promised him by the
eeventy-four guarding inspectors em
ployed in the San Francisco Custom
house. They work eight hours -per day
anil receive a per diem of $3, Sundays in
cluded. In addition they are allowed a
vacation of fourteen days In each year
on full pay and a leave of absence of Fixty
days In each year upon a proper recom
mendation.
The remaining inspectors in the Cus
tom-house are known as discharging in
spectors. They receive $1 per diem, Sun
days Included, and work from sunrise till
sunset. The guarding inspectors have
made a contract with Mr. Knight to pay
him $€0<» should he succeed In having their
per diem increased to $4. Should he fall
in this and succeed In Increasing the per
diem to $3 50 they will pay him a fee of
J40H0, and should he fail altogether he will
receive nothing but the $350 which has
been already paid him for his expenses.
In the event of success Mr. Knight's
fee will be contributed at the rate of half
a dollar or a. dollar a day from each of
the seventy-four guarding inspectors. In
the former case he will be paid in eighty
one days out of the extra compensation
to be received by the men.
Mr. Knight was selected from among
the best of the legal talent of the coast
because of hlB supposed influence with
Mark Hanna and his associates. The in
spectors Interested expect that Mr. Hanna
will be likely to assist Mr. Knight to se
cure the tempting $0000, and taat is why
they have chosen him.
The United States statutes fix the com
pensation of customs inspectors at |3 per
diem, but the Secretary nf the Treasury
is allowed to increase this compensation
He Goes to Washington on
Behalf of Customs
Inspectors.
GEORGE KNIGHT
IS AFTER A FAT
CONTINGENT FEE
Cheng Git, a Wealthy Merchant,
Weds M. Tom, Young Native
Daughter of Chinatown.
Thr^e or four hundred Chinamen gath
ierwd at the Chinese Presbyterian Church.
til Stockton street. la?t night and wished
all kinds of happiness to Chon^ Git and
bit l.r'iflv. M. Turn, who wore married ac
cording to the Presbyterian ritual by the
llev. Ira M. Cor.dlt. D.D.
.;. Chans Git keeps a curiosity Ptore in Oak
land, and his partner, Fong Tom, acted a»
:l>ost man. The bride was unattended.
After, the ceremony a real Chinese din
ner «a« plnred on the board and the
BUCBta turned tn and ate till with pnni;
nn<i lanterns it wa.« time to escort bride
and gr<j<im to their future homo at Du
l>ont and Sacramento street*.
CHINESE PAIR MARRIED
BY CHRISTIAN MINISTER
by as much as a dollar a day in his dis
cretion whenever and wherever he may
elect. Hpnce the pay of inspectors en
gaged in discharging vessels in this port
was increased to $4 by the Secretary of
the Treasury because such work requires
clerical ability, which is not a requisite
for guarding inspectors, whose duty is
principally that of night watchmen to
prevent smufrsrling.
Naturally the $4 men do not view with
favor the compart made with Mr. Knight,
the political lawyer. They fear that the
application will result In the cutting down
of all $4 salaries to $3 50 per day, and they
say that the Treasury Department may
even go so far as to nx the wage? of
guarding inspectors at $S4T per annum,
the compensation allowed guarding In
spectors in Philadelphia. They cite also
that In the port of New York the per diem
of Inspectors assigned to discharging duty
is J4 and that of guarding inspectors is $1,
and they see no reason why the schedule
should be tampered with. Night watch
men, they say. nre employed on vessels
by private persons at ?2 per nU;ht of
twelve hours, without any vacation what
ever, and there is no difficulty in obtain
ing all the men needed for that work and
waeres.
The $4 Inspectors nre averso to having
the attention of the Treasury Department
called to the matter of compensation, and
they have not that abiding faith in the
strength of Mr. Knight's political influ
ence as have their less fortunate broth
era on the nltrht phift.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— The census office
to-day announced the population of Louis
ville. Ky.. 204.731. an Increase of 43.602 over
the census of 1890.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Aug. 2.— Bishop Igna
tius F. Horstman of the Cleveland Catholic
diocese is seriously ill at his residence in thts
city. He has been confined to his bed for
ten days, suffering from a complication of
diseases.
BISMARCK. N. D.. Augr. 2.— The maximum
temperature of 105 degrees was recorded here
to-day. .The prairies are dry as tinder and
fires are reported to have been started by the
sun's llKht reflected through glass light on
the prairies. 1 * Bad flres are reported In Em
rhons County.
BUFFALO, N". T., Aug. 2.— Fire this moru
ln? destroyed *even buildings occupied by busi
ness houses. The loss was lino.OOO. Fire Cap
tatn Charles Besancon was severely injurrd
and Fireman K. A. Reid was Ies3 seriously
hurt while fighting the names. Six of the
buildings belonged to the Jacob Dold estate.
Welcomed Physical Director.
Mathew C. O'Brien, the new physical
director of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, was tendered a welcoming ban
quet in the Y. M. C. A. building last even
ing. Three long tables were lined with
guests. c. J. Auger, chairman of the
gymnasium committee, presided. R. C.
Wright offered 'prayer. The speakers
were: President Holla V. Watt Dr E M
Hixhy. Alfred T. Hlack. H. J. McCoy.
Mathew C. OBrien. G. A. Mattern, F. A.
Jackeon, C. A. Glunz, N. H. Jachs Grove
F. EUdnJ.W. M. Parsons and A. A. McCan
oa. The address of welcome was deliver
ed by Secretary McCoy. Manv ladies,
representing the Mothers' Club, of which
i.lrs B. C. Wright fs the chairman, at
tended.
BEING inspired by the spirit of the
"silly season" and for no other ap
parent reason a wagon wheel ran
away down the bituminized grade
of Stockton street and past Union square
Wednesday forenoon. It was just an ordi
nary wheel from a delivery wagon, but
before it finished it proved itself a "high
roller" in every sense of the word. Just
where it started in its mad career no one
seems to know. When it burst upon the
public view it was Rr?<*dlng along at a
rattling gait and menaced a small army
of white-aproned and white-capped nurse
maids, a legion of perspiring babies and
the usual crowd of Union-square loungers.
Shrieks rose on the heated air. Children
bawled with fear. Nursemaids sprinted
like members of a basket ball team, for
cover. Old ladies out shopping had nar
row escapes from being run down. In
their excitement they dropped bundles.
baskets and shopping bags, which strewed
Cr-r-r-ash! The wheel struck one of the
mammoth plate glass windows. The vit
reous substance flew Into fragments and
sprinkled the interior ot the rug store
with jagged pieces. The wheel's career
ended there upon the Geary-street side
walk.
To the last the wheel tried for a victim.
Just inside the window a follower of Mo
hammed was devoutly readingthe one hun
dred and fourteenth Sura of the Koran.
The Mussulman rose, crying ito Allah,
shook off particles of glass and found that
he was uninjured.
The rollicking journey of the jovial cart
wheel was the result of a loose nut on a
spindle. Henry Barnard, aged 16, driver
for a concern doing business in the Union
Square Market, was proceeding down
Stockton street when the nut fell off and
a hind wheel broke away. He was help
less to do anything, but held in his horse
and watched the course of the wheel from
start to disastrous finish. Several heads
ached yesterday from trying to figure out
who could be held lesponsible for the
broken glass.
the pavement. Bad boys whooped at the
spectacle. Baby carriages were over
turned by the perturbed maids in their
haste, and the contents, infants, nursing
bottles and toys went (town together.
Bounding joyfully onward the festive
wheel gathered speed continually. It
rounded the corner of Stockton and Geary
streets and raced directly for a row of large
plate-glaFS windows in Mlhran's Turkish
rug store on the south side of Geary
street. Directly in Jts course was a
blanched dude, dressed in summer's
gauzies=t attire. RiKht at him the wheel
dashed with the force of a projectile from
a catapult.
"Hi. there! stop that wheel, mister!"
yelled a small boy.
"Get onto his dudeshlp doing the cannon
ball act." shouted another.
The blanched dude stood like a statue.
Pie had not lost any wagon wheel nor was
he a stockholder in any plate-glass Insur
ance company. WhlzzI went the wheel,
just grazing him.
"Aw-w-w!" chorused the disgusted
small boys.
THE FROLICSOME CYCLE STARTLED EVERYTHING IN ITS PATH.
William Lescher. a Modesto Liquor
Merchant, Drops Dead at
Grand Box Office.
William Lescher, a wholesale liquor
dealer of Modesto, fell dead nt the Grand
Opera-house box office last night just
after he had bought tickets for the show,
to which he was taking his wife and
nephew.
The deceased came to San Francisco
»\ednesda> to meet his wife, who has
been staying here. Last ever.ine the cou
ple took their nephew to the Grand. While
buying the tickets Lescher fell heavily to
the floor. He was carried out and taken
to a nearby drug store, where in a short
time be died. Dr. Schmalz pronounced
the cause of death heart disease, from
which Lecher had been a pufferer for
years.
BOUGHT TICKETS AND
FELL BACK A CORPSE
COLORED HEROES ARE
TENDERED A RECEPTION
"Fighting Ninth" Is Wined and
' Dined by General Canby
Garrison.
General R. P. Canby Garrison. No. 114
of the . Regular Army and Navy Union,
tendered a rrception to the troopers of
the Ninth Cavalry at its hall in the Al
cazar Luildlnff last n'.pht. About 150 of
the flufky heroes were present, and bore
their honors modestly Colonel Dennis
Gear?' spoke of the willincn«*?s which the
colored soldier has ulwayj shown to enter
lr.to an engagement, irrespective of hard
t-hip or danger.
Rev. Tilman Brown In an address re
ferred to the record always h*>ld by col
ored troops eince thrir connection with
the army, and Captatn Jack Crawford
told of how phased he was to know that
the hieh standard of bravery of the orig
inal Ninth, with whom he served as scout
during the In.lian troubles, had been up
held. Sergeants Washington. Bennett.
Meyer and Cooper gave vivid descriptions
of "a fpw of the many enpacements in
which the "Plgbtlng Ninth" participated.
The following programme was rendered:
Prayr, ReV. W. W. Grlrr.es; address of
u-elecme, Ocmn-.arxW C. H. TlriFley: piano
solo. rrof>fpur Williamson: eoln. Mls=« Juanita
J< hnt>on : piano solo. Miss M. Coombs: address.
T. B. Morton.
At the conclusion of the programme all
present marched to the banquet hall and
I»artof.k of an exrellent supper, prepared
and servf-d by the wives and daughters
of the m»miier«! of the camp.
M'KINLEY IS PRAISED
BY ENDEAVOR SPEAKER
"The magnificent statesmanship ot
President McKinlcy in this China crisis
commends itself to the better people of
the United States and is deserving of
their support and approbation. The re
sponsibility to-day confronting the na
tion's chief executive is the greatest that
baa confronted any President since the
time of the illustrious Lincoln.
Applause from 400 Christian Endeavor
ers followed the utterance of the above
words by the Rev. William Rader. pastor
of the Third Congregational Church, at
the fifty-fourth quarterly convention of
the Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union in the Central Methodist Church
on Mission street last evening. The topic
was "Our Country." and the addresses as
well as the singing, were along patriotic
lines. The front of the church was deco
rated with flags and red, white and blue
President George B. LIttlefleM presided.
He announced the inability of Rev. J. S.
Thomas to be present and in his stead
H. J Waters, president of the Alameda
County Union, gave a brief talk. An ad
dress was made by Rev. E. R. Dille of
Oakland. He announced that petitions
had been prepared and could be signed
after the meeting: petitioning the Legisla
ture to provide for the closing of the sa
loons on the Lord's day. His topic was
"Our Country's Glory." •
OAKLAND. Aug. 2.— This was ladies'
night before the committees of the City
Fathers, and Councilman Girard an
nounced his agreement with some friendj
of his, who declared that women ruled
Oakland. This wa3 called forth by tho
calling up of the ordinance creating th.»
place of matron for the City Prison. "My
friend, a Nevada capitalist, who came Co
see me from Reno," said Girard. "said to
me: 'I have $100,000 worth of property
here, but I will buy no more. The women
are ruling Oakland. I will buy no more
property here.' He la right. The women
do rule Oakland."
Despite his objection the employment of
the matron was recommended and the
ladies won.
The application of F. L. Flaherty for a
license to conduct a saloon on Peralta and
Lewis streets was finally unfavorably re
ported by the License Committee. Attor
ney Thomas Garrity appeared for the ap
plicant and Mrs. H. Goodcell .spoke on be
half of the Domestic Science School, the
patrons of which have stoutly opposed
the granting of the license. The ladies
won again.
Mrs. Kate Crur.ninc. a lodging housa
keeper of Washington street, near Ninth,
headed an appeal to the Council "to sup
press the disturbances and exhibitions of
the Salvation Army on Ninth street, be
tween Broadway and Clay." Attorney L_
S. Church, representing the body of peti
tioners, said that the army disturbed the
rest of the neighborhood at night. W. E.
I»gan and H. B. Land, on behalf of the
Salvation Army, called attention to' the
desires of the army peoplrt to be reason
able and Intimated that the petition was
the result of spite. The Ordinance Com
mittee passed the matter up to Mayor
Snow.
GIRARD DECLARES THAT
WOMEN RULE OAKLAND
CNH of the interesting events in
* Native Son Circles is the approach
ing minstrel entertainment to be
?riven in Native Sons" Hall nn th<?
ni^ht of the Mh in«t. by members of Army
and Navy Parlor No. SOT. which Is com
pot«4 exclusively of those who served in
the SpaniFh war. It is expected that the
Fhrtw will be the bc5t that has ever been
presented by Bon-professlonals. as only
original gags and new work will be tol
erated by the manager. There will be a
pretty curtain ral=»r illustrating mllltnry
life at the Philippines. Frank B. Drariy,
chairman of the V.**) committee, will be
the interlocutor; Dr. J. P. McCarthy, Phil
Nouman «n<l Fyl Neuman will be on the
hone end and K. Williams, Henry Auer
bach and George S. C'arr will be on the
tambo end. Among those who will take
part are Jamos Fruser. Harry Walton,
Harry S. Cnlpman. Kobert G. Drady.
Frank A. Evern«in anil the Orpheus quar
tet. A chorus of twenty-five voices will
a.«si?t. The minstrel show will be fol
lowed by dancing.
THE CATBOAT ROVER
A FLOATING MYSTERY
5OTJTH SAN* FRANCISCO and Hunt
ers Point are mystinea" over a 27
foot pleasure boat that pow lies
among the rocks close to the Chi
• nese shrimp fishing camp by the
south cove. The yacht was discovered
August 2 floating in the shallow water
I off Bay View, arid the wind and tide soon
I had her bumping upon the rocks off shore
near the point. It was observed before
she went on the rocks that she sat low in
the water, the deck being scarcely above
the surface.
Several Chinese fishermen pulled out to
the derelict in a skiff and soon had her
towed to the rocky beach near their
I camp. An examination showed that the
sail was intact and that the halyards had
the appearance of having been cut. It
was no wonder that the craft was sub
merged, for there was a big hole In the
starboard side near the stern, one of the
planks having been torn out for a dis
tance of six feet.
Across the stern was painted the name
Rover. There was nothing in the cock
pit in the shape of oars or boathook.
Aside from the hole in her side the cat
boat is in good repair and could be made
a serviceable craft with little expense.
The Chinese made no inquiry as to the
owner and recently they stripped off the
sail and ropes, which are now stored b>
them for safe keeping. Inquiries, have
recently been made as to ownership, but
to no purpose. The supposition is tnat
the boat got away from some pleasure
*eekrrs far down in the South Bay and
drifted with a swift current Into the eddy
near Hunters Point. No one along the
i water front seems to know anything
I about the Rover, and unless the owner
appears the craft will soon be bumped to
pieces on the rough rocks off the south
shore.
VOLUNTEERS SOON TO
BECOME MINSTRELS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1000.
RUNAWAY CARTWHEEL RACED
ON STOCKTON-STREET GRADE
* THESE WILL TAKE PABT IN THE ABMY AND NAVY *
? MINSTREL SHOW. I
9
KNIGHT GETS POINTS ON
SPOUTING FROM A WHALE
t^pHAT fearful whale that has been amusing Itself lately by swallowing
kedge anchors, attacking ferry boats and engaging- in other similar dl-
II versions, distinguished Itself yesterday by giving George A. Knight and
Henry S. Scott a whirl off Fort Wlnfleld Scott. Mr. Knight owns a
launch, the Athlete. Mr. Scott is a sort of "Sinbad the Sailor" in his pro
cllvitles, and also superintendent of the United States transport dock. Mr.
Knight Is proud of his launch, which compares favorably in his estimation
with any and all aquatic craft that ever have figured in history, from Noah's
ark down to the latest things in marine' architecture, .'and wanted to take
one more spin in It before departing for the East. Mr. Scott shares his
enthusiasm to some extent, and when he received an invitation yesterday to
take a cruise with the lawyer eloquent he gladly embraced the opportunity.
The start from Folsom street was auspicious. In the cargo was a basket
filled with Jingling glassware. On the basket, conspicuously displayed, was
a label card bearing the words, "Whale bait." There were then no whales
In sight, nor when the launch passed the frowning front of Alcatraz fortress
and headed due west, down the Golden Gate waterway.
••George," said Harry, earnestly, "I tell you this whale business Is all
a fake." . - : .V-V .
"Yes," responded Knight, his eyes fixed greedily on the "whale bait"
"I'll go you one, George." said Harry, mischievously.
"Done," said George; "it is a go."
The "bait" was even better than they thought. They tried it once, twice—
until, alas, it was all gone.
They were then in excellent spirits. George told what he would do dread
ful to that whale. Harry was not a whit behind in valor.
"Ha!" ejaculated Harry, after the propeller had made its ten thousandth
dizzy revolution, "what Is that there, George?"
"That dumgafeted thing! Why— that is the whale! The. whale!" '
Bo it proved to be. -It rose close to the launch, coming up through the
green sea water with neatness and- dispatch. ' Then it spouted — even harder
than Knight spouted at Philadelphia. This surprised Knight, who didn't be
lieve that anything earthly could outdo him in that particular line.
But the occupants of the launch hadn't lost? a whale... Speedily the little
craft was turned about. George and Harry mercifully refrained .; from 'an
nihilating the whale then and there and the, huge mammal will furnish 'more
fun before It goes to sea again, unless it meets some one less merciful than
Knight and Scott. * . .
THE WAIF OF THE WATERS.
A Talk With /y' >\ The Inside of
Kang Yu Wei ff \\ Esotero.
President Chinese // = \\ How the city of the
Reform Society, by // Tk T . \\ Universal Broth«r-
James R. Elliott, . Vk\ Airf hood at Point
Special Correspon- 1 1 \' I I Lomals conducted
dent Sunday Call \\ i'VAl //
Empress Dowager x^-n.
now offers 100,000 \^ **s\S _. _ ,
taeis. talks of his -^ I ne lenamo
life and work. . ______________ ------- J SisterS
= /y^ Park#
[/ Comic, by Warren.
Uncle Sam's jl
Chinese II C* J \\ — "
Man -r ar>s ((Sunday s J — —
The Sailing of the V^ II Jfjg Latest
Hancock. /M
. . Cape Nome.
r How to Use
Floral /S*~ —
Decorations. // >\
trated story of how / / . \ \ Gen. Chaf fee
to arrange table // f^ \\' \\ ....
pieces and make 10 11 \\ . °n c °T™ nds
the drawins-rrom I ,/f I I the Umtei States
artistically perfect \\ VUH* // tro3 P» in China -
THE SUNDAY CALL yy SEE THE GREAT
LEADS THEM ALL. COMIC SECTION.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. AUGUST 3, 1900.
10
SAX Fit A.\CI SCO CALL.
BUSrNESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o" clock every night In the year.
B&A2SCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
csrner C!ay; open until 5:.'.O p. m.
y<0 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
¦ToS McAllister street; open ur.til S:SO p. in.
CIS I-aikin street; open until 9:35 p. m-
lf'41 Mlrsirn street: open until 10 p. m.
r:ci Mission street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. in.
106 Eleventh etre*t; open until 9 p. m.
109fi Valencia ctreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO Consistory j^vSU-J^>.
No. 1, A. nr, ' A.. Scottish f^>'i?\Vf^4
Rite nf Freemasi r.ry— Stated K.xWt'jS&i'J i
meeting THIS (FRIDAY) t/^fS^O
EVENING. August 3. Chap- Sf <jr jjfA'»L_W
ter Hall Jlasonic Temple. <?^aMT)-?^
¦ . HEXBT BUHNER, < : : ?**r>/
Kegi&trar pro tcm. >£*•%/
TERBA BUENA Lodsre of Per- Q
fecticn No. 1. A. and A.. Scot- nTt
tish Rite of Freemascr.ry — S
Suited meetir.g THIS (FRI- fiL&Av
PAY* EVENING. August 3. at #7?Sa
b o'clock. *"C » k\
HENRY BURNER. /^L* fe «*'*A**
;. ' Secretary pro tern. t TdTg^~^lr\
CALIFORNIA Commandery No! IT~K _
T.. No. S r-oFt st.— Heinilar assembly *hS«5
THIP EVENING at 7:3y o'clock. AH EJ"3
•raters courteously invited. By order M
. of the Con'.mander. v/
. j HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
REGVLAR meeting of the Ca"e- v <y~ZT
donian Club THIS (FRIDAY) 3L fij/i
EVENING, at I o'clock at Scottish
Hall. 117 Larktn st. : sood of the
dub: interesting paper by MR. JAMES R.
WATSON. '¦Scottish Proverb*. Payings and
TSy-worfls." M«rnljers and their friends cor-
dally invited. ANGUS McLEOD.
Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
SOI "Til PARK Improvement Club will meet
TO-NIGHT, 4:30 o'clock, at f30 Howard st
M. J. McERIDE. Chairman.
REBEL Cork nerjovoier.t A 5=>=o<"iat ion— Four-
tp*nth pnnusl p'onlc will take place at Shell
Mound Park BtTSXtAT. Aujr-ist 5. Races and
.. pannes fir young and old. Prizes for every-
body. The Iroquois Band Professors Mc-
Carthy and McMahon will furnish muislc.
Adults' tickets. TOr; children t:nder IT years
of age free. Boats leave ferry every half
hour.
THE annual meetlne of the Ladies' Seajnon's
. Friend Society will b» held at the Sailors'
• Home. HarriBOTi and Main ets.. San Fran-
clseo. en WEDNESDAY. August 13, 13C0, at
3 o'clock p. m.
MRS. WM. H. BARNES, Cor. See
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
. process from F. E. Thomas. In the Gold Run
l'lacer Claim, near Quincy, Plumas Co.. to
<!epr>s'.t taiilr.ss on a fiat; from Walter C. Rob-
inson. In the Deadwood Kill Mine, near
Meadow Valley. Plumae Co.. to deposit tail-
lnps in neadwood Crt-ek; from W\ 13. Me^k.
In the In<i!an Hill Mine, near Camptonville,
Yuba Co., to deposit tailings in Indian Creek;
from the La Porte Consolidated Gold Mining
. Co.. In the Dutch Mine, near La Porte. Plu-
mas Co.. to deposit tailings In Rabbit Creek;
from J. T. Birmingham. In the Strawberry
• Mine, ct Strawberry Valley. Yuba Co.. to de-
posit UUtnn la a worked-out pit. and from
CM. Jurgenton. In the Garden City Mine,
rear Gitscnvllle. eierra Co.. to deposit tall-
Inps In a ravine. Rives notice that a meeting
•wi'l b«* held at room C9, Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. en August IS, 1&00, at 1:33
r. rc-
ANNUAL MEETING.
Tfce Rlrdon Ircn and Locomotive Works.— The
p.r.r.ual meeting of the stockholders of the Ris-
den Ircn ard Locomotive Works, for the elec-
tion of trustees for the enduing year and the
tTanractkin of fjrh other business as may bo
Throught before the meeting, will be held at tha
office of the company, southeast corner of Beale
er.d Howard Bt>~. Ran Francisco, on MONDAY,
the C:h day of Afcgust. :9"X). nt 11 oVlock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
AGEVTS AVAXTED.
BRIGHT lady agent? wanted: big money. Call
y'rwmetle Parlors. 222 Turk tst.. after 10 a.m.
GENT of intellect desires partner for business.
Box Bt&, Call.
AGENTS of ability and experience in life Insur-
cnoe. Call at room ML M7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE handle no-a-est novelties for cgents. PA-
;-CIFIC AGENTS' PUPPLY CO.. 34C1 l«Sth t.t.
ATTOllXCVS AT LAW.
V- W. KING, attorney at law. 921 Market St..
... room- C27; estates, damages, attachments,
'.. bankruptcy, collections: all cases: fair fe<-s;
.no advance charges: money loaned on estates.
iAUVl&S free; divorce law a Fpeelaltr: private;
no fee without fuwpss; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, s;o Market, cor. Stockton.
TTiEE advice; divorce laws, damages, estatrr,
: ' oollections. J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgomery-
ApviCE free; no charge unless successful. W.
¦W. ' DAVIDSON. s:7 Mart.et st.. orp. Maaon.
I, S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckeis bldg.. 927 Mai-
¦ l>t «. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
¦crSTHR, HERMAN J., attorney. $27 Market
.Ft., r. c;r.; open eve.. 7-S; consultation fref.
-' '. ¦ AUTO.MOIMLF.S.
-AUTOMOBILES — FRElS WABD & SON,
' AFf-r.ts. 46 Fremont st.
nqniNSON IS, 4-pajiei foldln«rdoor opensTflrrn
ar.d safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Elli*.
UKLCIA.V UARES.
A MU1USEB of fine does at low prices; bred to
our finest burVi; LORD EDINBORO (Imp).
. fee S^; DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.), fee
¦ Jl.": fine lot of youngFters from S to 5 months
• old from Lord Edinboro and our Imported
¦ docs, with grand color and perfect feet all
round; full line of rabbit supplies;. free Ilter-
• Rtu're. SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE
CO. . SAM C. HAMMOND, Mgr..
' Office — Spreckels Market.
. Eabhltry— 1015 Ehotweil Et.
BELGIAN HARES! !
.AH the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS-
- SOCIATION. Alameda. Col.
JLOKJ> FARIIODA CHIEF and Lady LumbT
. f.ret prize in England, at 214 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
: HEADQUARTERS: gales daily. 1008H Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..60S Gol-
den Gate av.. S. F.. 600 rabbits for sale cheap.
BOAXIDIAG FOR CUILDIiEX.
INFANTS taken to board; private home; spe-
cial care; j.leaFar.t and healthy place; chil-
drtm rto s years boarded $10 month; San
. Lcandro. Alerr.eda Co. Apply 3 Cohen place.
GERMAN lady v-ls=hes one or two children. to
. l>oar<l: room for s-arents. 429 Minna st.
GERMAN la'iy wishes one or two children to
, : troard: good home. 2730 Harrison Bt.
IllSLVtSS CHAJSCiSS.
A— $1400— COFFEE Ealoon snd resta.urant~on
• Kearny f'.: place doinj; a business of !C0 per
day;. oth«-r *-nsa*<"niPrt»i corijM-1 owner to sa<_--
' rince. <_'ail R. <i. WILKE. 2G'4 Kearny st. •
Ar-$S'X>; COKNER caloon with hall In choicest
location <jp. Geary et.; rent $45; lease; place
kept by owner for years ar.d Is doing a good
paying business. Particular* R. G. WILKE.
- i-C-2 Kearny st.
A-Jl.'O; PARTNER wanted in barber shop In
leading e^cond-class hotel of this city; about
SSO p«rr month for each partner guaranteed.
<L'all R G. WILKE. 26H Kearnr et.
A— J1CC&— CORNER Grocery and bar on Larkln
• .ct.. rent, including 5. rooms. $44; horse and
¦wagon: 5 years' lease; dally receipts about
J30: owner to leave for the country: i first-
ciaes end rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
• 26>6 Kearny st.
A— $.VJO; DELICACY and <ieiry produce. In Ala.
n:eda: rent f?: daily receipt* Sit: business es-
. tabl. » years. Call It. C!. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A.-U"'J): CORNER grocery and bar on Mission
rt:; r'.ace has been kept by present owrei
Jcr 10 years and clc&rinc above $13) pei
'.'month; stock and fixtures worth the raoney.
I Cail R. G. WILKE, 26«i Kearny B t.
A- i^-RESTAURANT and chophouse ot
water front; rent $15; bargain. R. G.
•WILKE, 26H Kearny et. •
A— J4000; CORNER grocery and bar: established
: years, and known as a money making place;
.' Ijest location: close to Chronicle building. Set
3t G. WILKE. ICH Kearny St.
•^•-PARTNER wanted: established business;
: trtH pay yearly $C0 to $75 per month to each,
& co., ttt'a Market st.
$.'"; — uf'TCHER shop; prosperous countrj
town: daily receipts $45. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777^*. Market gt.
FOR rale— At a bargain; 4 first-class ealoonn
8 lodging- houses; 2 cigar stores; grocery ant
bar. Inquire at office. SSO Howard tst.. Me
BRTDE & CO.. agents. ,
S175-- HALF Interest In curtain cleaning bu*i
nes-f. clearing IM o month each: partner prac
_tU al iran; cood plant. LANE & CO.. S63 Mkt
BAKERY, notion*, cigar* and laundry; present
owner there t years. D07 Third el.
t40— CARPENTER nhop. with tools: rood loca
tlon; low rent; leavinr city. 1S07 Powell et
FOR SALE— Bargain ; store with nice fixture)
•afl Kood rooms. J4X Howard et.
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
A FINE raying store; this is a grand chance;
will sell cheap: books can be seen; It will pay
you to Investigate. 1517 and 1519 Park St.,
Alameda.
--» *— — ""
FOR SALE— A strictly good business restaur-
ant; 1C0 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
using 5 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodglns-houre. 34 rooms newly furnished:
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Eakers-
fleld. Cal. -»
FOR pale— Butter and egg stall In Grand West-
ern Market. 1310 and 1312 Polk St.. for Invoice
price of stock and fixtures; good reasons for
Felling; call and Investltatt.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk -depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered: contains 3
etaJls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
HSOO WIIA. buy a bakery and restaurant worth
$3000; J2OJ a month profit: owner must change
climate. Address box 2975. Call office.
SHOE fhep for sale; must leave the city. Ad-
drr-ps box 2422. Call.
FRUIT store for sale cheap: centrally located;
well paying; cheap rent. Box 23CS, Call office.
$200— FOR sale; restaurant In Tiburon: 7 lodg-
ing rooms. Address MRS. LJND. Tiburon.
WANTED to exchange park lots for paper
route. Box 3409, Call office.
FOR SALE— K.iloon: good business; cause, sick-
ness. Inquire 44 Second st.
WANTTTD — A partner In a good paying butcher
business at 30T5 Slxto»nth st.
$300— RESTAURANT; 272 Brannan St.; good
P'bcj 'for man end .wife.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
jecclved at Call branch office. ~ffl) Fillmore Ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FuJfcriptlons has been established at 102f
Valencia st.
LOUGl.VG-UOl'SKS FOR SALIS.
It. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1926 Market St.
15 rooms; line corner; a bargain $CTiO
37 rooms: paying house ttW
W> rooms: clears $1HO; reduced to 2000
CS rooms: bert in city: corner 3200
501 other paying houses to select from.
MARION GRIFFIN. 710 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Many hotels and big houses. 52000 to $25,000.
31 paying houses. 16 to 24 rooms, all prices.
14 ffood houses of 14 rooms, from $475 up.
4S cheap houses, 7 to 12 rooms, from $250 up.
I have 27 buyers; list your house with me.
BOUSES from 10 to 1S3 rooms; good locations;
honeFt value. j>erfect title iruaranteod to buy-
ers- monry loaned. FCHWEINHARD & CO..
917 Market Bt, opp. Mason, phone Mint 191L
) A SPLENDID lodging-house; rooms all full;
I gnap; bargain. COWING & CO.. 711 Market.
WANTED for cash, furnished house, 75 to 123
rooms; mu?t be cheap. Box 46". Call office.
WELL- PAYING rooming house of ten rooms;
furniture. 130*4 Ninth St.: call at 1 p. m.
liODGIXG-IIOUSES TO LET.
HOWARD. ECO— Lodging-house of 22 rooms.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF"Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market Ft.. S?. F.
I CARPET HEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
j send to SPAl'LDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
I ing. Works. 3.-.3-3J7 Tehama st. : tel. South 40
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4'.3 Stevrnson St.; tel. South 22S: lowest rates.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Oarpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STfVEXS, mer.. 3S-40 8th Et. ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
ETRATTOyg. 2 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «t. ;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126. ff
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, bupgles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, alco light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. D32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SilKlTDAtlSJI.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, 858 Mis-
sion; readings dally; I5c, 50c and $1; circle
Tue».. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist ;
lucky and true; 25c and 50c. 15S1 Market Bt.,
near Twelfth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: prophetic
tests: sealed letters read. 10c. 14S Sixth Et.,r.L
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle* of truth: 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st, rm. 25; admission 10c.
MME. MARQUISE. T> Hyde st., nr. McAllister;
clrr-le to-night 10c: Fkeptlcs invited: sit. dally.
j MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2 &
S p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G. Jl: L. SOc.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M»yer: sit. daily; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
i MRP. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings
daily, 50c. 127 Turk st.
I MRS. ETIQUE. 1204 Flllmore— Circle this eve..
j 10c: reading dally. EOc.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting 11. 1104 Market.
j CL.UUVOVAXTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c';
pents $1; palm & clalr. sit. $1 50. 12G Turk rt.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy.is the gTeat palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st. ; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT, test, business medium, card
reader, I5c up. 822 Mission st.,nr.4th; no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted «A'erdue etmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason sL
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 9214 Mission.op.Mlnt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 23c up. C Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladlea. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LKT. ~
TO LET— Cottage of C rooms, bath; 1306 Lar-
kln su Apply 1818 Larkln ft.
' COTTAGE of 5 sunny rooms, basement, $1L
127H Morris ave.. o^f Bryant, near Sixth.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRCVDENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you cac
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
i S3 10 up; plates, extractions free, 14 CO up; of-
I nee hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
; p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V^ CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teetli
without a plate, crown and bridgework: all
work warranted: plates, full set. $.",; lilllnKfl,
W»c: crown. J3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th,
[ EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridge*
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; pricej
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
' Dn * GEORGE w - LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
v DR. LUDLUM HILLy 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates an
made: old plates made over like new; teelr.
j from $S ixt set: extracting, COc; gas given.
• PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
' Full 6et of teeth. U; crowns. $3; fillings. 23o,
: VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
' flay*. 1101 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G
; YOUNG. 1S41 Polk ct.
PgJBSjtiMAKrt n» AXD SEAaiSTllESSl-;s
: ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
1 Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt
B. F. dressmaking school; latest methods; ear;
- terms: dresses made to order. 709 Stockton at,
- REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking, Mllllnerj
. School to 1019 Market St.. above Sixth. .;.
t S. F,. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School
2 French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ne^s
- PARISIAN dressmaking. 8S7 Geary »t., dressei
- made. Vi up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
s MME. REMBERT. 630 Sutter St.. dressmakln-
echool; any pattern cut to measure.
DOO HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 63fi.
DR. CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggist* or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
EDCCATIOXAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters. fiv
WANTED— By expert Eastern tuner, a limited
number of pupils of either sex in piano tun-
ing; rare chance to learn this lucrative occu-
pation; terms reasonable. Address H.
EMERSON, box 29S0. Call Offlce.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room 53, Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. (SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NES5 COLLEGE. 123C Market at.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough: up-tp-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, oiec. mining, mech. sur-
v<*y. afsay. cvanlde. arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEX SCHOOL. 933 Market.
LAW schools, 527 Market, S. F., and 903 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpslc: lessons 75c. C20 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. : founded 18G3; 80-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all klndn help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEl'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 I'owell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411U OT\qrreIl st. : tel. East 426.
FURNITURE '^FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for J4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5CCO wcrth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
M. Silverstein. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom HOG.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 7." Mission: tel. Red 3353.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE?
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best of ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
PLEASANT middle-aged lady, with boy of 8,
wishes situation as housekeeper; city or short
distance In country. Inquire 205 Sanchez st.
SWEDISH girl, first-class cook, wishes situa-
tion In American family; wages no less than
$30. Box 3115. Call.
EXPERIENCED English governess denires
dally or resident re-eng:agement: competent to
take entire charge and teach thorough Eng-
lish, music, drawing; excellent testimonials.
Ad.lrrss G. F... bcx 3423, Call office.
AMERICAN woman would like situation as
working housekeeper: email waf?es, but lierht
work; u°od references. MRS. LOU LESTER,
San Ramon, Contra -Costa County.
RELIABLE woman, with girl 9 years old.
wishes place ns cook or working housekeeper:
city or country. Address MRS. A, HAYES.
3279 Mission St. \
AN elderly German lady with girl of 6 wishes
situation as cook or house-keeper; city or short
distance in country. MRS. F.. 645B Natoma.
YOUNG Scandinavian wishes situation to assist
In Msht housework. 220 Sixth ave., near Cal-
ifornia st, Richmond district.
COMPETENT young lady wishes position as
governess; proficient in German; best educa-
tion; city cr countrj'. Box 29C3, Call office.
POSITION wanted by a first-class cook and
housekeeper: Al references. Box 3421. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 220O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
FOR good all-around cook, country hotel pre-
ferred, call or write room 308, Winchester
Hotel, Third st.. San Francisco.
A YOUNG man, German, would like position
! as bartender In country trtwn; best of r"? f er-
j ences. Address G. M.. 1104 Larkln st.
j STEADY young man wants employment in th«*
I city: Kocd hand with horses, either with two
or four. Address 1028 Shotwell st.
A TRUSTWORTHY. Intelligent young man
(well-educated Japanese) would like position
as valet to sent or lady who Is going to Ja-
pan or China; will give best satisfaction. Box
34S8. Call.
WANTED— Situation by a practical engineer
and machinist of 15 years' experience; under-
stand the dynamo: has some tools; wages
?2 per day. IJox 2972, Call.
SOBER, reliable, single gardener desires situa-
tion; understands lawn. Mowers, milking; gen-
erally useful around private family; good
reference: city or country. Uox 2953. Call.
POSITION by practical gardener and experi-
enced orchardman; handy with tools: sobes,
fteceiy and industrious; Al references. Ad.
dress Box 3417, Call.
WANTED— Situation i by competent engineer;
Immediately; can furnish best of reference;
also marine license. Address 27% Fourth st.
' YOUNG Swiss wants position as gardener,
coachman and handy mag about the place.
Address box 2004, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man (24) seeks situation In any
capacity. G. CLARK. 7C3 Hov.nrd st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
EUbscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. -
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Mnnasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner: Funny: 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
FIVE light sunny rooms and basement; yard.
133 Lily ave. ; key at 126 Page Bt.
FLAT 5 sunny rooms. J13. 127% Morris ave., off
Bryant, near Sixth.
HARRIET. 270, near Bryant— Sunny flat of 4
: rooms; fine yard; rent $1L
IF you want to move pre.t printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
RENT J»; upper flat of 3 sunny rooms. 242
Harriet St.. between Harrison and Bryant.
Sixth and Seventh.
• TWO sunny flats, 4 and 5 rooms, %S and 39.
254 and 2CC Jet sle St.
" $18— UPPER flat. 5 rooms, bath, gas, mantel,
J tubs; yard. 2261 Geary st.
' til t»0— NICE flat of 4 large sunny rooms; bath.
Kas and large yard. 3323 Nineteenth St., be-
J tween Noe and Sanchez.
. J22 50— FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath. 1226<£
Sacramento st.
i .
: J10— UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
t St., oft Market near Valencia.
, $14— 5 ROOMS, bath: new Improvements; big
yard. 271B Clementina et. ¦
| FLATU TO LET — FURNISHEdT~
J FOR^rent and sale — A neatly furnished upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; nice garden and summer houBe; will
Fell very reasonably; rent $16; 1 block of 2 car
i lines; In warm belt: no fog; nice neighbor-
. hood. Address box 3419. Call office.
i " ' ' ¦
HELP WANTED— FEMAXB.
WANTED— Young girls for light work in
'. wholesale. millinery. Call 731 Market st., be-
tween 12 and 1 o'clock. ¦
. NEAT girl for general housework, wages $20;
small family. Apply forenoon, 2515 Broadway
between Scott and Pierce Bts. ;-, '
: VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
'. & HARRIS CO., 041 Market st. .
. EXPERIENCED operators on duck coats and
pants. MAJOR CONWAY, S6 Flood building.
r GOOD trimmers wanted. New York Millinery
120S Market st. -
r YOUNG girl to assist In general housework In
family of two. 140S Grove, at. ; •
; WANTED— Girls experienced In making paper
boxes. Apply 141 Fremont »t.
s YOUNG girl to help around the house;: $10 per
month. 1681 Page st.
; WANTED— Girl to help In house and take care
of. baby. 003 Lyon st. ...
* HELP WAIiTED-FBMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO......... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.......
Z waitresses, first-class cafe. $25; cashier,
same place, $20, first-class country hotel; 14
waitresses, city and country. $20 and $25; 2
restaurant waitresses, $7; lunch waitress,
$3 50, no Sunday work; dinner waitress, $2 50;
2 chambermaids, city - hotel. $18: chamber-
maid. Oakland, $15, see party here; woman
cook, $30 "...
••••••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...
Woman with a child, see party here at 10:30
this morning; house girl. 2 in family, Palo
Alto, $20; cook. Yolo Co., $30. see party here:
house girl, small family, San Mateo, $20, and
60 house girls, second girls, etc., etc
a C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — German cook. • $35; Protestant sec-
ond girl, short distance, $25; 4 neat second
girls, city, $20; 3 lroneri for hotels and
laundries, $30 and $1 E0 day; 3 waitresses, nlca
, family boarding-house. $20; chambermaid and
"waitress, some Ironing. $25; neat girl, general
housework. 2 In family, $25; Scotch grlrl. gen-
eral housework, $23; German nurse, $20;
French nurse, $20; second girl and newlnff,
$20; 2 cooks, private boarding. $30; 4 wait-
resses, .country hotels. $20; large number of
girls for general housework, both city and
country, at $20. $25 and $30, too numerous to
advertise. Apply to J. F. CHOSETT. 316 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED
Nurse for 2 large children; private family,
near city; middle-aged woman preferred; $20;
see lady here. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
FRENCH chambermaid: care grown children;
$22 50. MISS CULLEN. 3!5 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS; private family;- Santa Cruz;
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 gutter, »t.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately. U.
. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsora.
GIRLS wanted to rivet o\-eralls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO'S factory, 32% Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIB.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRL to do housework at once; family of 3;
$15; references. 131% Castro, corner 15th.
WANTED-A waiter at 922 Battery Bt.
GIRL for dining-room work wanted / at 322
Battery st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; small
family. Call morning or address 2967 Howard.
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Call 422 Tenth Bt. .
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. MFO. Co., 4MA Turk st.
GIRL for housework and cooking: three adults;
call 9 to 1. 1536 Qrove st.
"WANTED— Saleslady for retail crockery busi-
ness; give experience. Box 29S1, Call office.
GERMAN girl to assist In housework and
children, $20 to $26. 661 Geary st. . >j,
GIRL to wash napkins and wait at table In
bakery. 612 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. $7 per week.
70 Third st. .
WAITRESS wanted. 1S3 Seventh «t.
SKIRT hands wanted at 1426 Polk gt.
GIRL for housework; small family; 10 to 7;
sleep home. 1422 Clay st.
WANTED— Younsr girl to assist in care of
baby: 2 in family. Apply 2932 Twenty-second
. Ft., near Folsom.
£00 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
GIRL to assist in housework; wages $10 per
month. Apply 405 Sixth st
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to do light
housework. Call at 613 Bryant st.
GIRL or woman for light housework; Rood '
home; wages $8. 787 Stevenson St., off Oth.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework;
wages $20. 71S Steiner st.
GIRL about 13 for light housework. Call 3792
Seventeenth st., near Sanchez.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie et., fifth floor.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear. G. W.
REYNOLDS, 597 Mission St., corner 2d.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
«23 Haizht Et. :
WANTED — An experienced operator on Singer
machine; electric power. 231 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents* white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. £35 Valencia st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., beVveen I3th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Coll branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
IIKLP WAXTED— HALE.
w^xTi^DT!7?rf?rrr?rrrrrrrr^^
Engineer to run Ice plant near city, experi-
ence and reference required, permanent post-'
tlon at $73 per mo. ; 4 single-handed miners,
$2 50 day: 2 muckers. $2 day; 2 machine min-
ors, $3 day: 3 men to build flume,- $40 and
board; 3 laborers for rock crusher. $23 and
board: choreman, country ranch, $23; porter,
dining-room, $25: porter, kitchen, $25; night
waiter and open oysters, $40. W. D. EWER &
CO.. CIO Clay st.
WANTED— Hotel waiter for Truckee; $30 and
fare advanced. W. D. EWER & CO.. 61U
Clay et.
Jft'ANTED— 2 tinsmiths: J3 to $4 a day. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
¦ 300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.. $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
• 200 teamsters, CoaEt road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry.^ $2 a day
•100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Offlce fee, $1 Free faro
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road, $2 25
day and up Fee, $1 Free fare
Gardener and wife, private place, country,
$40 to $50, see boss here; coachman, references,
$35; driver, milk wagon. $60; ranch black-
smiths, wagon-makers, wheelwrights, har-
ness-makers, $35 to $45... ,
machine men and miners, $3 and $3 00 a day
Stablemen, farmers, milkers, choremen and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waffleman, countrj" hotel, $45 and found; cook,
$40; dishwasher, $20, both for small springs;
third cook, country hotel. $30; 2 -hand Ironers.
$2 50 a day; polisher. $2 50 day; pt archer. $2 50
day, all for same laundry, north, fare ad-
vnnced
Marker, country, $12 week.
S. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
MAN about place and wife: $50: 2 In family.
J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
BAND sawyer: door. stock man: planer man. $30
and board: Btlcker man, $3 day: patternmaker
for country. $4 day: 3 bench hands; 6 black-
emlths, $2 c0 to $4 day; blacksmith helper. $2
day; S miners, $2 day and board and $2 50 to
$3 day: 2 muckers, $2 day; wood and mill men.
$35 to $50; laborers of all kinds, teamsters and
many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628
f-acramento st. "5^
GENERAL utility man for Institution. $30 and
found: 2 dishwashers for Institution. $20 and
J25 and found: restaurant cook.. $15 week;
hotel cook for Central America. $40 to> $30. fare
advanced; hotel waiter, country, $25 and ?30.
and others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S Sac-
ram^nto st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, .. Catholic - Institution,
must understand care of sick; dishwasher,
city..?20. MISS CULLEN; 325 Butter st.
MAN and wife as cook and gardener; country;
$50. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Young man for offlce work, about
20 years old: must be good penman and accu-
rate at figures; give references, state salary
. expected and age. Apply box 2373, Call office.'
WANTED— Steady man with $100 for permanent
place that will pay $65 per month year round;
short hours; light work; experience not nec-
cssary. 1016 Market st.. room 10. -
, A BRIGHT boy can pay for an education at
Ayr^s' Business College by working two hours
each day. • ¦ .. -¦ ¦ •
! BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third
street. .^-, '
1 BARBER wanted for. Saturday and Sunday;
1 wages. 63S Valencia st.V
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $3.
; 222 Gourh st..-- . ¦,..•-' _^
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 556 Fourth
street. ' : : ¦' '-' • - ¦ : "
' GOOD barter; steady; Saturdays and Sun-Jays.
620 Union St., near Powell. \,
1 COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
; tors. 541 Market st. •
WANTED— Second : baker , at 2027 Flllmore St.
i BRIGHT, boy wanted for butcher business.
' —Call at 3035 Sacramento nt. ¦ ,
' BOY to learn printing business. Box 2976,
' '~ Ca »- ¦¦ v- -¦¦ - '.:.-''¦¦ ¦¦- ¦ ¦'¦'•¦¦'¦¦'-' ' ¦•'¦ ¦:>;¦
• YOUNG' man. to learn painting, somewhat ex-
. perlenced. > Call -between 7,and 8, 6364 Jessie.
i WANTED— Of flc»s. boy; give reference. Box
20S2. Call." . N; ¦ - '
HELP WASTED- MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.;.^.Y.iphone^ Main 5843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
...:...: Want at 7 a. m. to-day
We ship free
7468 men for all parts of California. Utah,
Washlngon, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Ne-
vada, British Columbia an.l Hawaiian Islands
.'Free fare and office fee only $1
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) district
Los Angeles district. ..Truckee district
Santa Barbara district ....Shasta district
Salt Lakg City district. Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district. ."...Newman district
Dunsmuir district Bakersfleld district
Soda Springs district Modern district
San Luis district Surf district
Special to Shasta County district
Redding Delta Dunsmuir
•and other points , good wages
and other places; we ship free free
'Come One, Come All
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, spikers. section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc.'; wages $3, |2 50, $2 25,
$2, $1 90 a day and free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come see^.
free f re »
MURRAY & READY, C34-638 Clay st.
A— 65 carpenters Carpenters Carpenters
12 carpenters, bridge and trestle work. $3 23
day, very long pob. free fare
6 carpenters for vineyards, ranches and wine-
ries; 25 rough carpenters for building flumes,
etc., 1 year's Job; also many house carpenters,
wages $3 SO, $3, ?2 50 and $2 a day and found;
B3 laborers to go with carpenters to help, no
experience required, you'll eult, wages $30.
$35, ?40 and. found, 1 year's job
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «t.
AGAIN we pay your fares
364 men for sawmills and woods, we pay your
fares, $26 to $10 and found,- no experience re-
quired; algo experlencedwoodsmen, sawmill
help, planing mill, etc., $120, $95,- $S0, $75, $50,
$40, $30 and found
Gold mines Silver mines and Others
1S7 miners, single hand, double hand, machine
miners, etc., $90, $75, $60 and found
364 laborers for different mines, $C0, $50, $13.
$10 and found, fares from $1 BO
25 muckers, $60; 12 men to learn mining
365 tiemakers and wood choppers, some for
mines, tools and provisions found, $3, $2,
$1 50, $1, 75c; cord, 13c, 12c, 10c each
27 stablemen, etc.. $35. $60. $40, $30. $25. fd;
32 choremen and boys, $30, $25. $20. $15. $10, fd;
36 milkers, butter-makers.. ?33, $30, $25 and fd;
harvest help, hay pressers, gardeners
364 teamsters and laborers, city and country
jobs, some board home, $3, 52 50. $2. $1 75 day;
boys for store, $3, $6, $4, $3 week; fanners
and -wives
Mechanical help.
37 blacksmiths, horseshoers, also some helpers,
$3, $2 50, $2 day, $60. $50. $40. $30 and found;
6 wagon-makers, carriage-makers, coremak-
ers; 6 Iron molders, painters and many other
mechanics, $3 60, $4, $2 50, $3 day.
For all other positions come down and read
our bulletin boards and get list containing
7463 Jobs
MURRAY & HEADY, 634-C36 Clay Bt.
A— HOTEL, laundry, bakery butchers' depart-
ment
48 cooks, come see.... $70. $60, $50, $40, $30. fd
39 waiters $33, $30. $23 found
19 dishwashers $30, S26, $23, $20, $15, fd'
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for Insti-
tutions, sausage-makers, pantrymen
9 butchers I $35, $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants. 2d, 3d hands; also
boys. $50. $60. $40. $30. $23 and found
14 laundrymen, $35, $30 and found; come see..
MURR.VY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOK'S helper; also potwasher for the
mines. J30 and found each
MURRAY & READY. C34-638 Clay Bt.
A- SPECIAL ...7
General utility man. institution. $30 and
found; man run gasoline engine and milk a '
few cows; hay balers. $3 50 day; gardener,
private family; 5 vaqueros for a large ranch.
$32 50 and found; foreman, gold mine, $60; 2
painters, city; bartender, countrj' hotel; 3
waiters for mines; plumber and gasfltter, $2 25
day; ranch carpenter. $2 day and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— BOYS for our office
¦ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy to work In frultstora. 930
Flllmore st.
WANTED— First-class dishwasher; restaurant.
28 First st.
BOY with horse and cart to deliver evenlne
paoer route. 973 Post st.
ERRAND boy for drug store; rive age and res-
idence. Box 23S4, Call office.
BOY between' 15 and 17 years of age. New York
Fur Co., S3 Post et.
WANTED— Third hand on cakes. 338 Third
street.
YOUNG. man to drive wagon and work in shop.
Grand Pacific Market, 421 Turk st.
AN alto player wanted. CAMPTEEN', Green-
wich and Lyon sts.
GERMAN barkeeper wanted. 1053 Market St.
WANTED— recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. ¦ Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character: between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation applr at the.Marine Recruiting Of-
lice. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K st.,
Sacramento, Cal., or 1C5S J st., Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
32S Montgomery St.. San Francisco. San
Francl3co and San Joaquin Coal Company.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co.,
Flood bulldlrc.
WANTED— A butcher to drive order wagon and
cut meat; must be a young man. Elec&dc
Market, Ean Pablo ave. and Thirty-eighth st.,
Emeryville. /
CABINET-MAKER3 wanted, union men, and
oPAce boy. FINK & SCHINDLER, 1309 Mar-
ket «t.
WANTED— An experienced skiver on the Ama-
ze«n machtne; steady work. CAHN, NICK-
ELSBURG & CO.. 117-119 Hayes st.
AN experienced collector; one who understands
the furniture business; state experience. Box
2970, Call.
LUNCH waiter from 11 till 1 p. m. 230 Pacific
street. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d Fts.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th St., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
MEN and women to learn chiropody, dermatol-
ogy by mall: diplomas. Correspondence de-
partment. 251 Sixth ave... New York; write.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
' rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PANTS pressmen wanted at S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary »t.
LEAD glaziers wanted at once. Apply Los
Angeles Art Glass Co.. Los Angeles. Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
50c. B62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary jeamen and green hands;
ali parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
—years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; "CO rooms, £Sc night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla st. - - •
HUUSKS. LIVK STOCK. Klc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth st. ; auction sales e\-ery Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dertlst. COS Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Cheap; handsome pacing mare;
wqll bred. . S26 Treat ave., after 6 p. m.
HORSES-* Young, well broken: for nil purposes;
cheap: best In city. 721 Howard St.: nr. Third.
HORSES WAXTED.^ n
GOOD team of draft feorses; will expect to try
before purchase. Address box 2945, Call.
HOUSKS TO LKT.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BRODERICK. 724, near McAllister— $22 50;
modern sunny 7-room house. - ¦ . . i.
POST. 2473— Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath;
large yard; rent $20. .'•*•'
JTAN NESS.' 2102. near Pacific ave.— House of
10 rooms: modern Improvements.
HOUSES TO LET— FUR.MSHED.
NEWLY furnished house; Pacific ave., north
side: fine location: marine view; 12 rooms.
'Address box 3411. Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
LEARN to "control and Influence , others" ;
y /'professional ¦ diploma',' ; -< terms reasonable.
Address "College of Suggestive Therapeutics,"
15S1 Market at., near Twelfth.
¦ v ;. LOST AM) FOl'XD.
LOST— Llewellyn setter bitch; color black,
white and tan; wore round leather collar;
black patch from right eye to throat; liberal
reward. St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post et.
LOST— Between 11 and 12 a. m., August 1. bet.
Park Panhandle and Columbia Cyclery. -»•
ladles gold huntlns-case watch; black ribbon
attached. Liberal reward at 206 Clay st.
LOST— A brown cow, heavy with calf: No. 24
on the back. Return to G. BURGOYNE.
32d ave.. South San Francisco; reward.
I-<3ST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of FREDERICK MACK. No. 236-872.
The finder will please return to bank. .
JULY 27; package containing 2 rings of > keys.
Return to 927 Halght St.: reward.
MACHI.VEIIY Donght. Sold and Ex.
FOR SALE— Machine shop. Inquire at 235
Octavla st.. after C p. m. . £?.•
MK1UCAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market St.— Reli-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 22 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at ot- j
flee; ladies treated can return home the same
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat- ;
ment for home cure; any one can u*e It by cl- i
'rectlons; perfectly harmless; home for confine,
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $3. positive cure; home for patlent3 be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
448 Eddy St., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR G. W. O'DOXNELL, the world-renowned
ladles" specialist: cafe and reliable: ha.« prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou_
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023% Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles* specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable:
cure S3; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low leea. I007Vi Market St., near Sixth.
THE SANS SOUCI.
Private home for patients; equipped wltn the
latest appliances; charges reasonable. DR.
SCHIRMAN, Consulting Physician, 1100 Van
Ness ave.. near Bush st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office, $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
lst; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. Chlnqj dis-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and tea.-- ;• sani-
tarium 704 Socramento,cor.Kearny;advlce free.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE — The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office 111S Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS KOIt, SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IN'TOSH & \V«LPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
C2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write, for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, r.haftlng. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
A — 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE, 220 Fremont st.
A-$3 10 DERBY an-1 Fedcra hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
GROCERYMEN, attention — Large fixtures for
sale cheap at 953 Howard st.
TWO large elegant wall cases; a bargain. 230
Stockton st.
COUNTER covered with zinc; also shelves for
sale; cheap. 235 Valer.cia st.
2ND-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beaie st.
2ND-HA'NI> engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline ens. H. S. Wh'te, 516 Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
- CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
TYPEWRITER, No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
"$75: concert records, $1 GO. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
SFCOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving i
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE flCR-
MAN'N SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — Ncvr and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Bcilers, 54 Inch by 16 ft. KROGH
MFG. CO., 9-17 Stevenaon st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 23 Stockton St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN, liiThlrd; tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LOA*?..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6_per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages life Insurance. Room 16, first fioor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
pen-Ice; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooma
6$ and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market *C
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price- for old gold, silver, dlamond3.
AT 126 Kearny St., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON real estate, 1st and 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO., 28 Montgomery.
J300.000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit In city; also
$130,000 on large ranches: also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine at.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal: no com. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tcualey Co., 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, nn. 101. 6 Eddy st.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603, Examiner building.
II. MURPHY, 620 Market st.. solves all kinds cf
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTnilMEXTS. •
THERE is only one "best" piano for people"to
buy, and that Is the Decker & Son. Full stock
at MAUVAIS Music House. 763 Market st.
IF you want to rent a good piano t cheap we
can suit you: If you want to buy on install-
ments we will please you; try us. MAUVAIS
Music Company, 763 Market st.
WE have the handsomest line of piano covers
ever shown In the city; call and see them and
get our very low prices. MAUVAIS Music
Company, 769 Market st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced : makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $S cash. $6 per
month, other pianos, $3, $1 and $3 per month.
SHERMAi', CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
AS usual we ofTer iome fine bargains.
One Steck Upright, walnut case; like new.
One Weber Upright, walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright: In fine order.
¦ One Sterling Upright: mahogany case.
One Neumann Upright: very good.
One Curtaz Upright: oak case: excellent.
Prices from $125 up; $5 per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. IS O*Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
, 2(3. 2S and 30 O'FarreU st. ; pianos; organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy . the
customer.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's. piano store from Van
Ness to 933 Market. . bet. 5th and 6th. I next
Hale Bros., & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks; open ev'ngs; call and get low prices.
BARGAINS— Steinway, Chase. Hardman, Dew-
ing Bros. DEWING CO.. Flood , building.
MUSICAL UfSTUUMEXTS.
VIOLIN string: never wet: best In the world: •
making and repairing of all kinds of musical t
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary »t.
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storaye:
at your own price; also Spencer's retired
stock. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
FINE large upright rosewood case, three pedal,
cheap for cash. 364$ Eighteenth st.
ELEGANT, new three-pedal upright: sell for
$150 or rent $2 CO month. 3-12 Kearny st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post 9t_:
Hardman. Conover and other planoa.
SOHJIER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Hamll-
ton planoa. 308 Post st.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment $3
per month. SCHM1TZ. 18 McAllister st.
V.'. G. BADGEP.. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and liallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. o!<l and new. II.
ML'LLEIt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerin*. $1DO; installment*
to to $10; rent t2 up. HEINE'S. 126 E1IU st.
REDUCTION" sale: new pianos; $3 payments;
for rer.t. « up. BRUEXN. 203 Post at.
OFFICES A.M> STOHES— I'O LET.
SCI PACIFIC st. and 804 Sansome; handsoma
stores; very cheap.
FOR rent — Elesrant offices and rooms In T. XL
C. A. bldg.; all modern Imps.; rent very low.
TO rent-Modern store: well lighted; *Cxl40:
rer.t reasonable. 328 Hayes st.
rALaii> my.
MME. Neergaard. Prcn. St. G«rmaln Colleg* of
Palmistry; reads 1 tr» *>. 616 tieary. nr. Jones.
**EICSO.\ALS.
MEET me at 46 Market St., Rosle. Don't fall
to call; very Important. .
A GENTLEMAN of middle age desires posi-
tion as librarian, secretary, cashier or any
work not Involving physical labor: highest
references offered. Address box 2083. Call.
A GKNTLEMAX who traveled for Thomas
Cook & Son In different countries as a con-
ductor for selected parties wishes to take a
party round Europe cr around the world.
Address box 3113. Call office.
INSTITUTE of Science: suggestive therapeu-
tics; magnetic healing; personal magnetism;
hypnotism. PROFESSOP. FISHER, Ia-
structor. 517 Mason st.
LKDEEER. the popular hairdresser; any ctyl«
23c; see window display of Qu'ntonlca thi»
w«ek; switches $1 up. 123 Stockton st.
THE adult class at Flnman's School of Danc-
ing. 1412 Polk St.. Is now open; the children's
class -will open Saturday afternoon. Aug. 11.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-.
cott's curling fluid; 23c bottle; drrggUta.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated; honest work guaran-
teed; prices defy competition; fine upholstery:
phone 5309; factory. 313 and 320 Eleventh St.;
first-class cleaning; and dying. 409 Sutter St..
San Francisco. .
PARALYSIS positively cured; also nervous
diseases, skin diseases, lung diseases, ossifi-
cation, cancer, consumption, stiff joint*; no
drugs; no knife: consultation free.. DR. L. J.
STRATTON. 507. 508. S09 Parrott building.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hot«C 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
loc to $1 BO per nirht: Jl 50 to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEOX LEMOS, 1117 Market St..
¦ between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA. wonderfully Rifted healer. 3*
Kearny, room 11. cures nervousness, blind-
ness, Bright's disease. rupture or any ailment.
MIPS SHELDON, the celebrated mind-reader.
S:.O Market St.. parlor 37^
LEDERER'S Qutntonlea Hair Tonic, extract
Quinine Bark: beneficial, harmless: &c bot.
DR. E. C. MERVY has taken new offices at
1505 Stockton st. -
LADIES' and g«nts* cast-off clothing bought &
eold. Sllverman, 3M Folsom. teL Folaom 1131.
LEDERER'S Qu'.ntonlca Hair Tonic stops hair
falling out: makes the hair Brow; 33c hot.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curies, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
In g^o^^
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN"?. o^> Kearny *t.
PUYS1CIA.VS AXD SOUblStKIS.
DR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, ha» re-
wimed practice at KC6 Market St.. corner
Taylor; offices 23 and 26; take elevator.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlfe and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
ItKLAL. SSTATK— CITY KO B. SVaXeT
NEW handsome park residence; only 1 left ct
4; contains S rooms, is well built, up-to-date;
will be sold cheao; S2S Clayton St.. south of
Haight; Sixth, and Taylor st3. and Masonlo
ave. cars rasa the door. J. STIERLEN,
owner, on premises.
J33C0 — MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller St.. near Pierce. 1 block Trora
llaight-st. cars: finished with marble steps.
frescoed ceilings, 3 wood mantPls. hard fin-
ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance 1M monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
$K0 WILL build 4-room plain cottage: J1U0O
modern; will build In Berkeley or Oaklami ;
drop postal. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Builder,
2047 Polk st. !
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
tHe Mission that you want to a«?U. then cail
on W. J. GUNS, 530 California st.
MODERN houses and flat3 built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CA5IPDELL. 1117 Mission st.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath: lot 50x100; Mis- '
slorr; easy terms or vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE COl'.NTRV For Snle>
BARGAIN— Fine stock ranch and general farm
near sallroad and this city; good Improve-
ments: a lovely home; investigate thla. H.
H. CRANE. COS California st.
KOTt KENT — 273 acre farm, Alameda Co.; cas!»
rent. II. H. CRANE, 50S California st.
HAVING to go to Europe. I will sell my ranch
cf 160 acres, rich farm land, well improved:
all fenced; plenty good water; 5 miles from
Livermore and 1!» miles from a good country
school; at a bargain and easy terms. Addiess
Rasmus Pjorn. Livermore, Alameda Co.. Cat.
80 ACRES — i miles west of Petaluma: well Im-
proved: at a banraln; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress box 109, Lakeport, Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of th<»
3iiC0 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More thnn all other auenta In this cttv.
N. E>. SICKELS. the land asent. S Geary ¦«».
STOCK and cratn ranch for sal?; Co'usa Co.;
1240 acres; $10 per acre: 500 grain, rest hill
lend. M. P. CHANDON. Marysville. Cal.
A PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
Farms and city property sold and exchanged.
ROOMS FOXt HOUHElKK^!l'I.\O. " : , :
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful "large rooms, with ¦
bath: completely furnished for housekeeping;
hot and coM water: gas and telephone; nn*
view: healthy location; In a small private
family: no small children wanted: rent rea- ¦
sonabli. 4231 Twentieth St.. near Castro.
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 JO to $2 50
per wk. ; single and double. $1 to $2 50 per wk. .
EIGHTH. 34B. near Market — Large sunny back
parlor and regular kitchen furnished for
housekeeping: private family; bath.
FIFTH AND MARKET— I rooms furnished. $10;
2 unfurnished. $3. Particulars 3C Kearney »t. -
FOLSOM. S3*— Large sunny room for light
housekeeping: closet: bath; private; $1 25 wk.
IJARItlSON. 7T.1— Four rooma: furnished com-
plete for hakptng; large yard: rent $16; bath.
HAIGHT. 141— Housekeeping rooms; use of
kitchen, dining-room, bath; also single rooms.
HOWARD. 10S3'4— Sunny completely furnish *d
housekeeping rooms; also others.
JESSIE. 474— Front and back sunny rooms;
housekeeping.
LEROY place. 114. off Sacramento, near Jon»»
3 pleasant sunny housekeeping rooms; rent
cheap: nice yard; fine view.
McALLISTKR. 53S— : nicely furnished sur.ny
front rooms; sink, range, bath, laundry: $13.
MCALLISTER. 1727-For rent. 2 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; grate; running water-
carpets If desired.
1 LARGE sunny room furnished complete for
housekeeping: rent $1 21 per week Apr.lv at
Shoe Store. 562 Mission 8 t.. bet. 1st and 2.1 st.i.
MISSION. 1221— Near new postofflce; nlcelv fur-
nished sunny connecting rcoraa.
OAK. 113- Large sunny room; closet; furnished
for housekeeping. t8; smaller rooms. $S.
POLK. 322— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keerlng rooms; rent cheap.
VAN NESS. 4C2— 2 elegantly furnished sunny
rtoms; complete housekpg. ; gas stove: rea a.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrlptlo^J
received at Call, branch office. Z200 Flllmore stft
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an4
subscription* has been established at 10M Va-
lencia St.Builders' Contracts.
Fanny Van d- Grift Steveason (owner) with
W. W. Anderson teontractor). architects O. W.
Percy and Willis Polfe — Ala.-on. concrete, car
penter, plumbing, lathing, plastering, patntln^.
electric wiring and electric work for a 1-story
an<l fcas;meat bulldln? oa lot on XTV corner of
Hyde and. Lombard streets, W 4I:VN 42:i. \v
5:10. N J5.-W 10. N i9. TV 40. — 60. E 97:6. S
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Ade 2— Strar Co
<;utlle River, hence Jnly 2S; schr Repeat, frora
fcuva.
Sail^l Aujr 2— Schr Reporter, for Honolulu
FORT TOWNS-END— Passed Aug 2— Br stmr
GlenoTle. frcm llongkon;. •
Arrived Acs 2— Bark Carondelet. frcm Hono
lulu.
Sailed Aur 2— Bark Hesper. for Chemamus.
Sn.\TTLE— Arrived AUK 1— Schr Fred E San
ders, from Cat* None.
5 EATTLE— Arrived Any 2— Stmr Diriso. tm
Skasuay.
NEAH BAT— Passed inward Aur 2-Bktn
Quickstep, 'from Honolulu, for Puset • S-aund;
«chr Sailor Boy. from Xcme. for Port Hadlock.
Passed outward Aug 2— Br stair WeUington,
DOMESTIC PORT3
Thursday. August 2.
Strar Cclurabia, Doraa. ZO hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Del None. Allea. Portland, etc.
Stmr Wejtrort. Ericsson. .
Stmr San Matea, Fletcher. Nanalmo.
Stmr Mackinaw. LittlefleM. Seattle.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, si hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Poiat Arena. Hansen. to hours from
NesdJe Rock via Point Arena.
Br ship Port Eljrin. Hard. Qu-enstown.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Roy Soraers. Soilarid. Grays Harbor.
Schr G* TV Watsoa. Peterson. Kahalui.
Sihr Lily. Bottser. L'mpqua River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. An^ 1. 10 n m— Weather
hazy; t-jnd SW, velocity 12*mlles.
SPOKEN.
June 10. lat 33 S. Ion S "W— Br ahis Cleo
mene, hence March 2. for Queenstowru
July 24. lat *i N. Ion -13 W— Br ship Hatton
Hail, from Aalwerp, tor San Francisco.
July 13. lat 32 N. Ion 42 W— Fr bark Caaro
bert. hence March 24. for Queenatown. -._
Per stiar Columbia— An? 1. 5:50 p m— Ofr
UmpQua River, passed tnss Rescue aad Ta
tcosh with I05 raft la tow.
SAILED.
» Thursday. Aoj-ast Z.
Br ship Thalatta. Partridge. Queensto-arn; O
XV MeXear.
Schr G TV Watsoa. Petersea. Kahalal; Alax
ander £ Baldwin.
CLEARED.
Continued From Fags 8.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
GLASGO'W. Ky.. Auk. ;.— The Jewell huiM
lng collapsed to-day. It was occupied by L.
F. Gaater. drugs, aad T. F. Schwartz, dry
roods. The Injured are: Price Wlllla. Henry
Rosenberg. Heary MayCeld. Miss McCnbbiEt-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C w Vesting & w, San
IMero
B C Ken-yon. Lo« Ang
II Isaacs, Los Ang
J Hendrickson. SFrndo
Ed B Sands, Los Aag
C Kinsrer. Honolulu
VT B Denny, Lo« Ang
S B Mlirord. Lo« Ang
D Mllford, Los Aa<
C E Gtay. Chicago
B G Kaufman. Juneau
W O Hayes, Selcia
H W Earle. Stockton
Dr Pierce. Sacto
H Hansen. Los Ang
T E Wrijrht, Cat
Mrs MA Pealer. Sac
E H Quimby, Kans Cr
P Van Valer. Hanforf
F C StetUer. Dayton.O
R W CovelU Salt Lake
P H Mack. Cal
S H Lamb. Mich
J M Kaseberr. Sacto
F Preseott. Fresno
M D Stevenson. Dwson
J J Taylor A w, E Pso
S Lock. Seattle
Miss R McLaughlln,
Xolten
E Hammer & w. Hnlu
W F Barnes. Klamafta
C E Edmonds. Ill
Mrs H Thompson. Cal
D C Plnlnger, Reno
C J Ray It w, s Brbra
E C Carney Jr. Santa
Barbara
Miss M Lee. N T
Ml» E A Smith. N Y
J M Peart. College Cy
W L Anderson, Sallns
G A Buell & w.'Stictn
L C L«r»t w. Hnfrd
J W Davis. Tulare
A W Maltby. Concord
N H Petrard & family.
Fresno nc/ra&n
C J iloseley. Ultiah
A Anderson. Sutsua
A E Nouse. Capay-
A V Johnson. Capay
P.VLACE HOTEL.
J E Marks. Prescott
C Lcetschu &. w, Iowa
T C Beastey & w. Pa
E C Bleist. w & f , Pa
A W Mauser. Boston
n T Foster. Alauneda
M J White. USA
T H Kohn. Chicago
C T Elliot. Cal
II II Krox. N Y
W Griffith, Tucson
T Undley. / Klamath i
S L. Si^brecht. Texas
B Marx. X V I
T P Coburn. Yreka
E T Ford & w. Pa.
8 Moody, w & d. Pa!
T W Conner. Pa
It Modlseue. ?t l^iuis
C Greave?. Minn
F Casey * w. W!s
J H Ward. Dawsen I
iB R Ward, Dawson
F Trancovieh, Ar.c-'s
J3 W Husted, N Y
}B V Stelnman, Sacto
;a W McClure, Sacio
J Haslach«r. Oakland
|H B Costican. Cal
[li LltchReSd & ¦»-, Bstn
\F Johnson & w. S Rat
JM de Vrlea & w, Stkta
¦J J Moon. Fair Oek
Trince PocIatowskl.Cal
tF T Lillis. St Joseph
(H P Journay. X T
'H Putnam. XT
J C Ken? Van Ee.
| Hodson
I A W' Moore. Tesla
S Montxomerr. L. Aog
>F. T Eart. Sacto
]H Johnson & w. Okld
! M Conkllnr. L Ang
Special letters of administration upon
the estate of the late William A. Marshall,
who died July 29. have be*?n issued
to Blitz W. Paxton. In the petition for
letters Paxton sets forth that decedent's
estate is valued at $$4,700, and consists of
the following properties: Stock in the
American Bank and Trust Company, J32,
500; personal claims and personal prop
erty. JoCO; real property in San Francisco,
&0C0: real property in Alameda County.
jtO.(^X); real property in Colusa County.
J200: real property in Maria County. $44 -
600; livestock on dairy farm in Marln
County, S20W. Decedent's heirs at law
are Jane M. Paxton. wife of Blitz TV. Pax
ton, a sister, and Mary E. Marshall. hi3
mother.
William A. Marshall's Estate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2. — Gus Weyhingr will
don a Brooklyn uniform as soon as his
ten days' notice from St. Louis is up. He
agreed on terms with Manager Hanlon
and will accompany the champions on the
Western trip. Nops aad Dunn will be left
behind. ¦
Weyhing Joins Brooklyn.
NEWCASTLE, N. H., Aujr. 2.— The sec
end round in-the singles of the Wentworth
tennis tournament was finished to-day
and four matches In the doubles were
played. The best match In the singles
was that between Paret and C. S. Hardy,
the former winning — 6-4. 6-t In the
double? a clo?e match was played be
tween Hardy brothers and Paret and Da.
vidson, the Pacific Coast champions win
ning- bv a score of «-4. 10-S.
Ward beat Samuel Hardy In the singles,
6-3, 6-0.
Hardy Brothers Win.
NEW YORK. Aug. •— It was said here
to-day that Michael has been forced to
cancel all contracts on account of sick
ness.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. Aug. 2.— Jimmy
Michael failed to appear to-day for the
pecond series of races between. Michael
and Johnny Nelson to determine the mid
dle-distance championship of the world
and in consequence was suspended by the
executive board of the National Cycling
Association.
Races With Nelson.
Fails to Appear to Contest ia Bicycle
MICHAEL SUSPEITDED.
DETROIT. Aug. I.— Detroit 5. Chlcajp> 2.
MILWAITXEE. Aatf. S.—Mtlwaukee-lndiana
polls same roetpor.ed; rain.
American Association.
Batteries— Powell. Hu*h«y and differ; Platt
and Douelas. t-'mplre^ — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. Aus. 2.— Powell essayed to
pltci for St. Louis, but In the third lnnins
after • ten men had batted for Pailadelrhia.
Huxher was piacM on the rubber and suc
ceeded in retlrlnar the side. In this lr.nla? th»
fcome team mad* sex-en hits, threw of which
were doubles. Attendance ITW. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
St. Loul? 6(0
Philadelphia V> 15 4
NEVT YORK. Aur. Z. — Chicago won to-day by
good battlny in the seventh inning . Umpire
Terry's work was bad. but n« managed to
tive both teams about an even dose. Davis
kicked hard on a de<-isicn In the fifth Inning
and wa» put out of the same. Attendance I">X>.
Chicago i 15 •
N"-3w rork 6 11 ;
Batteries — Griffith. Donahue and Chance;
Mercer a-.d Bowerman. Umpire— Terry.
BROOKLYN. Ausr. 2.— To-day's grams was a
marvel of fast fielding-. Kve aensaXlonAl double
plays and many brilliant steps keeping the
crowd ca the go. Attendance i9». Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston _ C 11 2
Brooklyn 8 13 2
Batteries— Nichols and Sullivan; Litsoa. Ken
nedy and McGutre. Urarire— Swartwood.
Clubs — "W. 1^ Pct.I Clubs — XV. L. Pet
Brooklyn 51 23 .ejSBoston . 33 42 .151
Philadelphia 43 35 .555! Cincinnati ..37 45 .451
Ptttsburs ...« £> .524 St. Louiv...J4 44 ,4SS
Chicago 41 40 .303 New York.. .31 4« .*tt
York— Brooklyn Win3.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
DAVIS REMOVED FROM GAME.
Poor Work of tiie Umpire at New
Consolation Stake Is Preferred to the
Sixteen Specials That Are
Scheduled. ¦
, The interstate coursing committee met
last nigTit in Pythian Hall to consider the
most feasible plans for running the John
Grao* challenge cup stake. After a vote
It was decided to adopt schedule 'Ho. 1
for the distribution of prizes. This sched
ule allows S15<» for the winner. $709 for the
runner-up. $400 each for the next two. £»j
each for the next four. JluO each for th>
next eight and $30 each for the next six
teen. In regard to the sixteen specials,
amounting to SICCO. of which none will bo
less than *50 each, there Is some difference
of opinion among the nominators and they
will be consulted to ascertain whether the
majority would prefer the special or a
J1000 consolation stake for thirty-two
do its.
The list of nominators is now complete
and all that remains is to name the dogs.
PREPARING FOR THE JOHN
GRACE CHALLENGE CUP
The hares which were used in the re
serve stake at San Mateo Coursing Park
yesterday played an important part in the
programme, and to them was charged
many of the day's upsets. There were no
complaints of unfair tests on account of
short runs, and in many Instances dog
owners felt that their hounds were given
enough hard work for two stakes.
The hares being well drilled to the es
capes, made the hounds extend themselves
and the results show an unusually heavy |
score. Kosomon.de ran a course lasting
over two minutes in the first round and.
piled up 3 points against Proud Beauty.
Th» result was favorable to the pikers.
who made a strong play on Rosomonde at
2^5 to 1. She was withdrawn in the next
round. Sweet Faverdale and Mountain
Belle ran an undecided the like of which
is seldom seen in coursing events. Tne
pair were slipped to an educated hare, j
which was well acquainted with the loca
tion of the escapes. Wnen the jack was !
released it shot up the field straight for
the escape and reached it without deviat
ing from its course. The hounds followed
at even terms with not enough difference
between them to allow for speed and with- |
out a turn. !
Temple. Charlton & Son's imported doer. |
in a course with Pennegrant in the third i
round, went up asainst a fast Merced
grain destroyer, which reached the escape
quite ahead of Temple. The dog: was not
to be denied, however. With one great;
effort he cleared the fence and was among- j
a shipload of hares. Luckily he -was j
caught before he entered into what would
have been a heavy contract for him— the
destroying of the bunch.
Lady Davenport won the stake, beating
Hadiwist in the deciding course in a short
run. The runner-upwas handicapped in the
last go, having had severe courses
throughout the stake.
Following are the day's results, with j
Judge Andrew Dean's official scores:
Special Reserve ' Stake — First Roun,! — R. .
Roberts' La.lr Hulda beat J. Carroll's Blue
stone. 11-4; E. McKpllosgs Lady Gilmcr* beat
L. F. Barrel's Broken Bracelet. 1M; P. J.
Ileilly's Moonbright b«at Rus»a Allen & Wil
son's Scotland Yet. S-2; J. J. Esmond's Go On
beat A. I* Austin's Nora Lawrence, 6-4: L. F.
Barters Banner Bright b«at J. H. Ferigo's i
Pennerrant. 5-0; R. Roberts' Roscmonde beat !
J. McCormack'8 Prou.i Beauty. 23-5; Russell.
Allen & Wl!son"s Wetiiiins- Bells b*at Sterl &
Kcowles* Fog*y Dav. 8-1: Charlton & Son'«
Temple btat H. Lynch's Clairbourne. 5-0; F.
Coonsy's Modesty beat H. Theuner's Galivast,
IS-t); George Sharman's St. Ives beat J. Byrne*'
Master Bly. «-5: D. Dillon's Europa b«*t F.
Schou's imujrg-ler. 8-1; J. H. Pertgo's Ladv
Davenport beat George Sharmans Annie Lau
rence, 6-0; W. Delaney's Oriole beat H. H.
Gray'* Commander, 4-0; F. Cooney's Sweet
Faverdale beat W. J. Brownir.g-s Mountain
B#ll<», »-t; J. Carroll's Red Hind beat J. lle-
Cormack's Black Daisy. 5-1; L. K. Barters
Baron Blood beat H. H. Gray's Banr.ockburn.
1S-3: P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold beat T.
A. Gaffcey's Sir John Arnct, 23-2; P. Reilly's
Master Mat beat J. R. Barry's Uncle Ned.
7-1; J. Potter's Remus beat George Baehn's
Monorram, S-I; J. J. Esmond's Whiskey Hill
beat B. F. Jackson*!* Krag Joreeascn, 5-4: A.
Massey'B HadtwUt beat ajerl & Know!**' Blue
Mtst. 15-0: J. H. \V. MuUer's Cruiser b*at W.
Kaiser's Richard. 1*-*; M. Michllikl's Terrooite
beat Geors* Reddy's Silver Button. n-»; P.
Stelrnhoff's Veto beat D. Dillons Prince George,
4-0; F. Jones' Lavinin beat J. Dean's Little
Con. 16-3: J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat G.
Welch's Little Lacy. 8-6; A. L. Austin's Thorn
daJe- beat J. Dempwy's Jingle Bells, »-l: Curtt»
& Son's War Eagle beat J. H. W. Muller'B
Terrona. *-3; P. Reitly's Expense b«at Welch
& Heenan's G. -at tan. :-2; H. Lj-nch's Cotton
Ball b*at Coudrer * Rolfe's Nightingale. »-•;
Jeff. Marten»tfs 5ally Brass beat Kelly &
Hanley"* Baby Kinsr. %-*'; B. F. Jackson's Tor
quoise beat Curtis & Son's Warpath. 5-2.
Second Round— Lady Gilrnore beat Lady
Hulda. 8-4; Moonbright beat Go On. 6-4; Pen
negrant a bye; Temple beat Wedding Bells.
4-0; Modesty beat St. Ive«. S-3: Lady Daven
port beat Eureka, 4-3; Sweet Faverda!* beat
Oriole. 4-4; Red Hind beat Barcn Blood. 6-4;
Flower of Gold beat Master Mat. 1&-11; Whis
key Hill beat Remus. 3-:: Hadiwist beat
Cruiser. 11-S: Veto beat Terronlte. 5-4; Scottish
Chief beat Lavjnan. 6-3; ' War Eagrie beat
Thorndale, l»-5; Esr*ns* beat Ccttoa Ball, 5-0'
Tomuot?e beat Sally Bra-ts, 4-1.
Third Round— Lady GUmore beat Moenbriirht
3-1: Temple beat Pennegrant. «-l: Lady Daven-
Tort beat Modesty. 3-1:: Sweet Faverdale beat
Red Hind. 5-<3; Whiskey Hill a bye: Hadiwist
beat Veto. 12-0; Scottish Chief beat War Eagle.
1S-1; Torquoise beat Expanse. 5-0.
Fourth Round — Lady Gilmore beat Temple
S-7; I-ady Davenport beat Sweet Fav-r3ai-'
«-3: Haiitwiit beat Whiskey Hill, 9-3: Scottish
Chief bj»at Torquotse. 9-7.
Fifth Round— Ladr Davenport beat Lady Gil
more. 3-0; Hadiwist beat Scottish Chief l"-t
Deciding Course— Lady Davenj>ort beat Hadi
wist, i-Z.
Perigo's Lady Davenport Wins the
Special Keserve at San Mateo
Park, With Hadvwist
Runner Up.
Lively Hares Give Hounds
Some Hard Work in
* the Fields.
TEMPLE JUMPS
FENCE TO REACH
HIS LOST GAME
CHICAGO. Au?. 2.— Orimar easily won
the Berwyn stakes this afternoon eased
up. He equaled the track record of
1:25^4. He was a r<»d hot favorite in. the
betting and was fortunate enough to get
a length the best of the start. Great
Bend, who finished second, ran a. brilliant
race, comtns: from seventh place and beat
ins The Lady a half length. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Scallywag won,
Krohnwreath second. Icon third. Time, 1:«5.
<lx furlonsrs— L. T. Catoa won. Greenock sec
ond (Tuthlll disqualified for foul), Algareta
third. Time. l:14>i. . .
s'hort-course steeplechase — Passe Partout won.
Globe II second. Frond third. Time. 2:134.
Seven furlongs, the Berwyn sUkes— Orimar
won Great Bend second. The Lady third. Time.
!;•*«. ' '. "*".:;._.".-"¦ - I 1 '"-
Etx fnrlonss— Possart won. Kohlhelra second.
Curd Glllock third. Time. 1:154. " ¦
One niile arid a elxteentri — Aloha II won. Lew
Hopper second, Mellocote third. Time. 1:47%.
DETROIT, Aug. 2.— A heavy rain this
morning 1 made the track at Windsor a
trifle slow. Results:
Seven fur!on»s — Bonnie M won. B. G. Fox
second, Rebecca Wells third. Time. 1:31.
Six furlones— George H. Ketchaci won. Ed
Roth second. The Tory third. Tlrae. US%.
One mile— HandicapExnr won. Marraret Xa-
Borvan second. Lave«a third. Time. 1:42%.
One «n<i a sixteenth miles— Beau Ideal won.
Fanny Taylor tecond. Topmast third. Time,
1:5*.- • ,
Steeplechase. . short course— Lord Farandole
won. Covington. Ky.. s*>cond. Salust third.
Time. 3:5*.
S*verr and a half farlons*— Juanetta won.
Prince of India second. " Northumberland third.
Time. 1:35.
. ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2.— Results at Fair
Grounds: „ -
Maiden three-year-old*, p\x furlongs — Go Out
won. Tigris second, Winnebejour third. Time,
1-.IZK. . - - ¦
1 Selling-, two and an elchts miles— Croesus
DETROIT, Aug. 2.— John Yerkes estab
lished a new track record for a mile and
a sixteenth at Highland Park to-day
when he won the third race In 1:<SU- He
ran the first mile in l:^* and made the
running from end to end.
Jockey Flnnemore received a bad fall
in the sixth race, when his mount Judith
fell soon after the start.- The horse rolled
over him. The boy's injuries were so se
vere that he died a few hours later. His
mother lives In Camden, N. J.
The early morning rain set the track on
edge for fast time. Results:
Six furlongs — Jessie Jarbo won. Sachem sec
ond, Nimrod third. Time. 1:15.
Four and a half furlongs— Servant won. Ban
dit second. Terant third. Time, £1K:
Or.* ajii a sixteenth miles — John Yerfces won.
Bell Punch second. Free Lance third. Time.
Six farlonxs— Ralston wen. Sprinrwell sec
end. Matlock third. Tim*. 1:14>4. . ¦ '
SLz and a half furloncs — Saace Boat won.
Vln: second. Silly Fox third. Time. 1:23%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Baffle won. Our
Lizzie second. Viola K third. Time, l:&*.
NEW YORK. Aug. J.— The weather was
the most attractive part of the racing- at
Brighton Beach to-day. There were two
features or. the card — the Rising Gen
eration stakes and the Glencove handi
cap. The first was a two-horse affair
between All Green and Outlander. with
the former an odds-on favorite at 1 to 3.
They raced like a team to the stretch,
where All Green came away and won
ea-sil> by four lengths.
Sidnev Lucas made his first appearance
in the East in the Glencove handicap. It
was a public trial for the Brighton cup
on Saturday, but he ran a bad race, fin
ishing outside the money. Motley won af
ter making all the running. Results:
Six furlonsrs— Knirht of Rhodes woa. Cyrano
second, Sharpies* third. Time. 1:13 1-5.
Five furtonits. selllnr— About won. Frank
Kail second. Edyefleld third. #Time, 1:01 J-i
The Rising Generation stakes, six furloryr*—
All Green won, Outlander second. Time,
1:14 3-5.
Five furlongs — Princess Evelyn won. Anna
second. Warranted third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
The Glencove. one and a sixteenth miles—
Motley won. David Garrick second. Big- Gun
third. Time, 1:43 4-5.
Five furlonms, selling— Princess Otillle won.
Balloon second. Petra II third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
AXL GBEEN THE WINNER.
Takes the Rising Generation Stakes
From Outlander at Brighton.
HEXBRICK, Iowa, Aug. 2. — Three g-ood
races were decided to-day on the Hen
drick track and Alpha W. in the 2:14 pace,
reduced hts record to 2:0s**. In the free
for-all trottinsr Xearotta and Josephine
Dixoat trotted a dead beat in 2:15Li. Ke
sults:
Free-for-all, purs* $o»— Xearctta won first,
third and fourth heats. Time. J:t»— 2:13^—
I:13S- Josephine Dtxon second. D. Peltier
third. Pero Belle and Swanock also started.
":ZS trotting, purse t*»— Constanero won first,
thini and fourth heats. Tim*. 2:I»;-2:17
::16'j. Lavron won second heat in J:15U and
was second. Marc Cameron third. Barkman
Boy. Joj-ma.ker. Ciematus, Amerigo and Oar
n'tta S also started.
•:14 class pacin«r. purse {SCO— Alpha W won In
itrairht heats. Time, IrOMi-MO-MlU. Pasl
mde second. Flossie F third. Tommy Wilton.
Feneca 5ee. Dunton Oh So. Black Heart. Ad
ir.ira.1 Dfw«y, McKlnlev, Celesta R and Tat
tler Burns also started.
Annexes the Free-for-All Trot at tha
ffendrick Track.
NEASOTTA IN FEOKT.
event on the carj to-day and it attracted
a crowd of fully SGOO people. The weath
er was fair and the track fast. Thera
were four starters in the big trot, Cres
ceus. Gratton Boy, Charley Herr and
Dare Devil. Ci"esceus sold in the auction
pools at $200 to $20 against the "eld, and
with Cresceus barred Dare Devil sold
even with the rte!d. In the first heat Dare
I>evll threw a sho« before he reached
the first quarter and was distanced.
Gratton Boy had a bad start and Cres
ceus won th* heat easily in 2:C7>i.
In the second Gratton Boy gave Cres
ceus a sharp brush in the last quarter
and forced Ketcham to drive the chtstnut
horse our. The last quarter wa» made in
:31 and the mile In 2:<>> flat.
In the third heat Gratton Boy forced
Cresceus to the quarter in :31 and to the
half in 1.01**. and it looked as if all trot
tin? records were about to be ?rna.«he»i,
Lut the pace had been too hot for Grat
ton Bajr and he weakened perceptibly.
Crtcceus -went under the wire in a iiriv-»,
however, making the mile in 2:06 flat.
These are the three fastest heaU ever
trotted by a stallion in a race.
Pussy Willow was almost a prohibitive
favorite in the 2:22 pace and won easilv.
There were seven starters in the 2:24
pace. It was practically the same field
that started in the M. & M. stake at De
troit, including Lady Geraldine. the win
ner of that event- Helen Simmons sold
favorite in the auction pools, but Lady
Geraldine was backed heavily. The fa
vorite took the first heat, but broke badly
in th^ second and that went to Lady
GeraJdine. Helen Simmons showed lame
when she scored for the third heat and
many of her backers hedged, but the
lameness did not seem to have any ap
parent effect on her speed and she won
the third, and fourth heats and the race
Results:
1.Z2 class pacir.jr. purse $?W— Pussy Willow
wen reccr.J. third and fourth heats. Time.
S:1I\»— 2:13*n— 2:13V Corbett won first heat In
Z^ll 1 ! and was second. Hugelj- third. Mount
Clemens Boy, Dclly Brown. Beauty Spot. Mo
tion, Maiden Queen and Prairie Jack also
stcrted.
Free-f«--all trot fcr stallions, parse JWO —
Cresc»?u6 won m straight heats. Tim*. ;:«>, —
2: f *i— ;:«_ Gratton Boy se<^nnd, Charley Herr
tMrf. Dare Devil also started.
J:!4 class trotting, purse J^/A-Helea Sim
mons won first, third and fourth heats. Time.
S:£H&— S3S3t— 2:11%. Lady Geraldine won sec
end heat la 2:1IV» and was second. Bay Star
third. Mr. MHilemar. George H. Ray. Bare
foct O and Burt H<?rr also started.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 2.-The free
for-all trot for stallions was the principal
in 2:07 1-2 and the Kext Two
Trips in 2:06
Cresceu3 Makes a Remark
able Performance at the .
Columbus Track.
First Time Around Goes the Mile
THREE FASTEST
HEATS TROTTED
BY A STALLION
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Any 1— Br shlt> Ctaa
Mackenzie, for Pu??t Sound; Jap stmr Rons
kr.zkz Maru. for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aujr 1-Br bari Pass
of Kill.'ecrankie. hence March 9.
HO.NGKO.VG- Arrived Jnly 31— Br stinr Era
press of China, from Vancouver- Arrived
prior to «.ugr 1— Br «tinr Carlisle City, hence
June S>: Br stmr Victoria, froai Tacona.»
Sailed July Jl-Stmr China, for San Fran
cis eo.
Sailed Aug 2— Ship Gcv Robie. for Pert To«a-
BARROW- Arrive.! Auc 1-Br ship Gulf
Stream, from Orercn.
LONDON— Arrived Auk I— Br bark Invsrs
naid. hence Nov 11. !¦»».
OCEAN STE.UIEP.S.
CHERBOURG— Arrived An? 3— clmr Pretoria,
from New York, via Plymouth, for Himbur*.
Sailed Aus 2— Stcir Lahn. from Bremen and
SouthanrKn. fcr New York.
A NTWERP— Arrived Aus 1— Stmr Ned-rland.
from PhilaJe.'rhla.
QCEENSTOWN— Arrived An? 2— Strar Penn-
Ian-1. frcm Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed An? i— S'jnr Belgenlacd. frcm Liver
pool, for Philadelphia: stmr Teutonic, froni
Lrrerrcol. for Nev York.
HONGKONG — Arrived pritTr to An? Z — Stmr
Carlisle City, from San Francisco and Port
land, Or. via Yokohama: stctr Doric, from
San Francisco, via Honolulu and Yokohama:
stinr Victoria, from Seattle, via. Cape None
and Tofcohama.
NEW YORK— Sailed Anjr :— ?trar L'Aqnl
taine. for Havre: rtarr Kai.*er FriedeHcit. for
Hamburg. vU Plymouth and Cherbot^s; stmr
Grosser Karfurst. for Bremen
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug I— ?tinr Germanic,
from N»^r York, for Qtieensto»m.
SaileJ Au? *— Stir.r Corinthian, for Jlontreal:
stmr Xevr Enelasd. for Boston, via Queens
town: stmr Norseman, for Boston.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug I— Stair Spaara
dairt. from Xtw York. via. Boulogne
iiailed Aus 2 — Ftrar Staatendam. from Bcu
loene. fcr New York.
SYBXEY. NSW— Sailed Aus !-Stn:r ilaripo
sa. for San Francisco, via Auckland. Apia and
Honolulu.
MELBOCRNE- Asrtv«4 prior to July H— Br
stmr Enereria. from Port Ladlow.
VALPARAISO— Arrived July S>— Ger srurr
Otavia. hence Mar 11 for Hamburg.
SHANGHAI— Sailed July' 30— Br ship Se=an
tha. for Ore^rrQ.
for San Francisco; Nor stinr T'tania. for San
Francisco; scar James H Bruce, frca* Pert
Clakeley. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Au? I— Bktn Encore, hnc
July 1*.
SOUTH . BEND— Sailed An; I— 5chr North
Bead, for San Francises.
Arrived August 2— Schr Laura May. n«c«
Ju!y 13 .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrrred Aag S— Bark Car
oiwieTet. froni P^rt Toww^Rd.
Sailed Aus 5— Scfcr Manila, for Port Blakeley;
Fchr Alice CooJte. frr Honolulu.
BANDON-Arrived Aus :-Schr Joseoh and
Henry, benc* July Hi
PORT Ll'DLOW— Sailed Aue I-Eark Star of
Bencal. tor Melbourne.
CRf^CKNT CITT— Sailed Aus J— Schr Monte
rey. Cor San Francisco.
NEWPORT-Sailed Atig •— Stmr Xational
City, for Fort Brasrz.
POUT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Au* 2— Stmr
XVhttesboro. for San Franctsco.
PORTLAND— Arrived Aus 2— Tus Maggie,
from Siuslaw River.
FOREIGN PORTS.
The Halnaker stake3 resulted in a dead
heat between William C. Whitney's Wa
tershed and Sir J. Blundel Maple's Mcln
tosh. Lord Kendall, with Rigby up, was
third. The Rouse Memorial stake was
won by Volodovskl^ gruided by J. Relff;
Ursula second. Rigby having- the, -mount,
and Sanff Bleu came in third, with L_
Reiff in the saddle.
LONDON, Aug. 2.— At Goodwood to-day
the Goodwood cup of 2000 sovereigns, two
miles and a half, was won by Douglas
Balrd"E Mazagran; G. W. Larnach's Strong
Bow was second and Lord William Berea
ford's Jolly Tartar, ridden by J. Relff, ran
third.
ReifT s Mount Third.
SARATOGA, N. T.. Aug. Zj-Iccrezsed
attendance and spirited racing marked the
second day's sport of the Saratoga. Rac
ing Association. Matt Byrnes resigned as
starter early in the afternoon. The vet
eran starter. James F. Caldwell, was Im
mediately appointed in his place. Re
sults:
Five furlongs — Katherina won. Tusearerx eec
end, Chuetanu.ia third. Time. liOT*.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Prejudice
won. Alvarado II second. Araor third. • Time.
The* Madden stakes for three-year-olds, with
J135O added by John . E. Madden, one mile—
Rcckton vron. Waring seconu. ilontaaic third.
Time, limk.
Five and a half furlonss— Luke Ward won.
Bellario second. Scurry third. Time. l;0S_
Six furlong*— Olea woe E-lfia Conig second.
Cupidity third. Time. 1:H'*.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Aug. 2.-A
heavy thunder storm this morning ren
dered Core«tock Park track -unfit for rac
ing this afternoon-
Fnur and a half furlongs— Era's Darling won.
Wild Pirate second. Censor third. Time, :55«i-
S-liinsr. six and a half furlongs — Grantor won.
Necklace second. The Barrister third. Time.
I:?!',. - .
S^Uln?. six furlongs — Loving Cup (barred)
woo. The Light second. Lord Neville third.
Verify fourth- Time. 1:14*1..
won. Round Turn second. Ltueman third.
Tirne. 3:«. .
One mile and 79 yards— Gotobed won. Libble
second. Hottentot third.' Time. 1:43*;.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
Samuel Lloyd Osboarne (owner) \with same
contractcr. architects same— Same work ; ex
cept ¦ electrical work for a 5-stcry and base
ment ¦ dwelling en lot on X lln« of Lombard
street. "«:» \V ef Hyde. W S5:10. N 137:«. K Hi
60. E «, S ?>, E 19, S 15, E 5:W, S *2:S; $iZ2S.
Flat.
11
ROOMS TO UZT Para, and Cntorn.
ffUFTE±£ji Mlaatftf r:<ie brings vou from dawa-
F ;* n ta the • beautifully ;urr.:.--hetl "ALilO-
iiA.* th^ «-llte- FAMILY HOTEL la the Mls-
!- • tx i^Trrer Dth as4 2Iission rts.
r»r -<xirtttarit privies for crowded
Cpszrtvn »rartrr.fr.ts. when '.argpr. brighter
rKlB»-;a3H txu#r ser%"i-;es are at yaar oi-ia-
-.aj» -I.-, tor !*?« racn-y— Inv.-st!eat»— Talce Mt<>-
f.,ti st. t.r VaifSrta rt. car diri^t: take K1I1-
ft-', cmr «^r Post and Lcavcawortlj tars
ymifaitataxu* to mi«s;cb st: I
A-^rCESSXtiCK KOT~SE. 14S Sixth-Room-
g*J*.ffP? oleht. Jl X f $3 per vre?k. artd
l^gBt v-^j- k'<-fti!si <?ppn akll nieh.t.
BOME3II.:V. S3 r\3J=t-Fi3f>«t <un^y suites Is
f- y ter. 5as:i!iss.an<l g^^tl-inen; at! eonvra-
>e5.-ff,; tmc.Al acCTtnrmdati^n far toarlsts.
BL'RXETT. 1CS >Iarketln7"('S,rXari»s7 ::: Farr
r..?h^d rms . «ulteg, riii£l»; ulf-~f unfurnished.
rtt.*?ir. ES'KXl.-fiy turn, srur.r.r rxinis: $1 3^> to Jt'
«¦«.; 1> to >i a> night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
"I-LIP ".^-Lsrss front ind bark rarlors; run-
cy: «ttl table tor f*j-sician cr «l<?r.tist.
L"LL!5. *rT— funny bay-wicdow r--^ra t<-j 1 or *
grr.tieratn- »ith or ¦.ithout b-oard: prir. fam.
rOLSOM. «ol. Hawthorn* — rjesmttrully rur-
tT'.shed suite nf sunny rooms tc let.
6EABT. 4 3 (Tte Navarr*)— E'.rsar.t!y t'ivn shM
. r^crr^. r^;t^s or tinjrle; travelers acco'dated.
GRAN'X> MI'THERX. »c-ot=ea»t corner .Seventh
er«2 ili^sl-jri t's —^anr.j- rooms, en ra:te or
«l;^tl<; JaJ'.ej' .rmrlrr; readlnx-rooa: elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Ei»=ant taltes: Einple: trstrH
gU'nt; bathg, _ KIN'i. Turk ar.d Taylor.
HOWARTi, F2>—^Ii>:rn* from H week up to Jo;
" go to Jl r.'.Kht: »lso houfeVeer-loc r->o^is.
ttDWASD. SO/cor. 6th-Nice'.y furnished ?ur~ny
r-jctust re>*<7c*bie: br rta>v week or month.
'O'JTAKEJELL y — P-jTiny farnifh»J room* aad
¦ cXOce*; ejrra.tor; electric llcfcts. day, wk... rno.
HWlvl •- :. • '. i-t. clean ms. : r«:tes or «;n-
Clf; trin?>r.t: r^nr.lr^ »-ater; rates reduced.
POWELL. €:;a— Panny *uite of roorr-sl also
•JalTBB-.aaaaiJ rroi:i-r,x>Ki8 and ethers; If ¦¦nil
JJOSEDALE Heose. StSand Kl Ei'.is •t.-n^ms.
- night ,^k- t» »l.- w«-ek ji ZS to t4 : cpec nieht.
r.^TAL* BOUEE. iS" Ely. st.^Ir^nd-soent j
I!,'r.t; r»;e.' l .:ri?-rooc3. sssoJriny-roorn and UdSen' I
. ptrtos: fwxes. per Rfsht. Sic ta Jl M: *-^lc. J2
¦ ti tvJrsT.th. I» to J3J: elerstcr on office Boor;
'••"¦> " •¦'h faocjasd eolii water: baths.
FAN aStT< vNI'_>— 1_> t* date nr»^r->?f~bai!<lin5:
; etertric «4»Tb1qc: «»arn radiatoro; *»a baths;
*ait«jt listlc rams; arr^^Mstej vtea ee*n- !
r»»s : i aMe. II Ta; !or «.. near M.Trk«>t.
SHERJIAN Ararrra»nt H-w«e. 2S Eirhth arT !
reajr^yiirket— Furnished or unfurnished.
klilWJh, !:'.:- Lsrpe sa-r.y reur room: clcsot. '
IJJM fp> water, pit: $* month: stnaU front '
P>' mcr.th: molern: canveciect.
TArtJ.'R, Zll— Xlcely fur^ishe! fji-t CXOBX
¦ - '•"' T -i-A c-M r-ornirg house
•" f* '¦ re->r!». II. Ht'GHE?. rroprietor.
¦ :. \>~ir^F.I> advertisement* artd eabsw-rlrtlctns i
rwglvefl at Call branch cTCce. 2TZ> Fil!aore tx. j
A FRANCH of£r# fcr Call advertlsetr.errti ani '
. »_ v -«<*r:rt:?rs has b«*a ettabllshed at MM Va-
>t--:^ gt.
&OO91S .V-\D BOVSD.
A FPE<~IAL rr»r ta t<?a<-her«; exceptionally at-
trartiv* tnri»i-:or and table- 8CT California rt- !
CEAP.T.-H2. r.r. Pc'.k-Ltre- ri=r.y r~nt ro^ra !
u-:th bcari f.r your.e iaiy: friv. fajElIr; C3.
LA!= PALUA?, :«?' llark»t st.— Suite of 2 cr 3 |
rrr:* : rr:."it.*: tj.th, s:n. rta». : board optional, i
POST. TUSssss nerSM trtth irst-c^ss *>:s.ri;
HOOHS USD BOARD WANTED.
TT!*O t»~r<>ra*» yo^rg- rr.»- w»nt b^arl s.r.i !
rocni in rrr-at* Catholic fissiiy. Bex r>7S. !
<-g.:i Off.—. ;
SPECIAL \OTICES.
¦""ST *tar=p rh"t'» «r.d t-ttcr.s ca earth.
r^P.E. 1^-) lUriut it.. abc\e Jc=»t.
BOOMS iw»r<»re-i fr«~m J?: •wti'ene-i. Jl cr.
ra:r.t:rg qoc°. Hartrsan Paint Co.. n» Third.
Bad tenasts ejKttd 'or J<: ccllpc:icr;s msda;
rttjF cr TOur.trr. PACIFIC COLLECTION
TO- ta Mnwtronmy rt. . rr»^r-.* »-l0: t?I. 5C*3.
SEWISC MACBIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kiris fc-rucht. io!J ar.d reralrlnc gr^aran-
tee-1. «rta«. P:a.-mbeck. ISi: Mi«?jjn. cr. 13th.
ALL kinds botigtt, *^>ld. ex"haT-r>-J. rented; i
r»ra'r:rrg st Icwegt rateg. r~.*> Fourth et.
a*^^ —— j
STORAGE AXO UAREUOtSES.
V.'ILSON BEOS* storage and =:ovinjr; covered '
urs Teeth and ifarket: phone South 751.
PACIFIC Ftrrr-e* and Furniture Msrla? Com- !
rtir t?Z rii' it »T.; rhene Jackson SL
BEXIM? Van *=-; St=r*ee Co.. 7?: Mission St.: I
tel Miir. 1«J*— Packirr. m^rtrz sn<i «t-r2«e. j
—^— — —^—^—i^^— i
nreWBITESS A>O MI'PLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We i
•ell better ir.a-r-;r.es fir le** accey than any !
hcuc In the r Itj : rcstala, & The Trpewriter I
:^'-S-ar.«». :>' 'TaUfornis. teierhene Mi:a 2St \
BTCXdCBiraT AXD TVPEWRITIXC.
NKA' t;rr#TTitiT*, f" Sown. rsc^th payments !
P."VAr.K 4-"* Calif-^mia rr. - j
AUMEpnDYERTISEMENTS,
II.^3IEX>A KOOMS AND BOARP.
: '.."'JANTLY fuiubhed room, with boaid If
r*d; 1 or 2 pertons. JOOS I^_:r'jai a^^e.. j
'i"*w BtaXIOB. A!arr»-^a.
;-i(KELEnDVERT:SEMENT$
TinnKHLEY nE\L ESTATE.
+'• '•' -''- ¦.-*-.-. W* : r-"^r"^r7«hbv '
B :¦ jr»; »tr»^- »«»rM. AttU" r,r ad- i
i: F. att'RRAY. |Sn PljStit; rirr. !
(JKyXD ADVERTISEMENTS. |
C'rriCE— 1H8 BROADWAY.
OAKLiXU FtHMTlRE FOR SALa£. |
.»;; ln!nmiftlca to rw frca H. £rh«r,haa» the I
fu.-ruTur* .if-al^r. r.th sn.i Fri=k!in. Oikianj." •
PIVIDEVD XOTItES.
I IV'. '¦¦END NOTICE -TheTVtant Pc^^Tc^il 1
,'r*c". «•<«:- — A di»-ldend. No. r"\ cf nevfnty- !
»»* cents «7>-> per *tar» rn the israed ra->- !
tta! «tock of the company ha.« beea d~-!are ' I
layaMe at the eOec of the ectnpasr. *K< <'ail
J & rrxia «X-. San Francisco, en Aur-K 1 % !
Tranafer bock? cio*» Aur'iat x. ijor ,1 |
• ¦ -. A. A. SPARKS. S*cr»tarj'. !
I'KOPOSALS.
%. ,'.- I- . ¦ .1- i-..r. ----,- ,,. - ,-, -i -.t_- -. -.-,¦--,.,¦_¦.
•^"'NffTRTTCTION cf sewer— Sanitary IMitri-t !
.vi. l of Marin County, Cal.. asks for bids for '
the construction of a tyitea cf sewen is
: Ros« Valley. Mann County. a« per plans ir.4 !
i}"?dfHatior« en £le with the secretarj-. |
Right reserved to reject any and ail tlds.
Bidden will please ca!l between the hoar* cf i
I a. ra. ana 12 rn.. and 2 and 4 p. in. All tiii |
«iil be fjpened at a rneetlnjr of the Fanitary '
B--ard. to be fcrld at the office of the secre- !
ttry.' ta Friday, a 'is. 17. at 11 o'clock a. ra.
Each bid nsu« be accompanied by a certified
rh*ck for 2 p»r cent of tfce amount of the bid.
Thr gticrengfet bidder will be required to fur- I
n:«h a satisfactory bond for the full amcunt !
of th« contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN. President. :
k T. B. BERitT. S«., 13; gutter St.. S. F.
:»otice to contra «rrons—s:ds win be re- I
reived ty the undereicr.td ontij t p. m.. An- |
S~urt 6. and then epened. for the conytructioa I
• ? a »hin ar.d war«c<5n«« crr.-erlnr abcut !».- j
f f*> venn reet and abcut R» fe*t of trestle :
approach rear the a:ct:th of the Columbia .
Raver. Oat*cp Cocr.ty, Or. Plans ana yeci- |
Scaticrs caa be £<^er. as! blank forms of pro- ;
icst:* aefsred at the office of the Astoria :
*r^l Columbia Rtver Railroad In the Fiavel -
bcildinir. Astoria. Or. A satisfactory bond I
K» ill be required of the rucce^jful b'dder. The >
uniersiimed reserves ttw right to reject any j
¦r sll fclis tn whole cr In part as per forms
cf p^?r<wal »nd *p<»clf!cattcTi*. NORTH- '
"tst coN'gTnrrriON' ccmpant. j
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The fcUawin« marrla«« licenses were issued '.
l-e*t^rd»> :
Jrrx V. 3-11011. tf. Sallna*. and Birdie Nail, [
S3. Hartford. Conn.
Jrhn Robertson, £3. 1231 Mission s-^eet. and '
JesMe Artrr«.trcr.e. 2^. K^i; llission «rett_
y.'illiun 31. ifjere. »>. city, and Eliza J. !
Lan*. is. city.
Char!es A. Pundqvirt, •*. Oakland, and Jen- ;
n!<« I^at-.f, ». OaJtUn-1.
An*eto «>rb*!:i. 2Z. $ lUrences street, and ¦
Onsti S. i*. 51$ Oreen rtn»€t.
Elmer R Harrey. r? F—enth street, and
Us M. Mora.-.. 28. iSOD Pwrell etreet. •
J"ha Lotr. T*A Howard nreei, and Emily i
J. McSIulUn. ». TS?A Ho-K-srd street-
¦*i~OT%~ B«a?. ». 7>» Minna street, and Emma
O'Uri-n. 2Z. US Thirteenth street
.F/ dinand Kahn, 3. lill Turk street, and
I>fF ¦— 'h t'li Turk street.
I - W. Carle. 21. flty. and Bertha H
I*** - UB. 15. <lty.
JV. - M. <iraber. S. «T« Green street, an-1
G'-rinna Iieteskclber, Jl. SJ^Oli.-per stn-«t
Williara E. Deani*. 44. Sn Post street, and
lI!n*T\a Jatrcscn. 4*. Oakland. ¦
reward H. Ooyer. C. WatsoctiKe. «n< Clara
A- Lorr. 4*. c:tr. ,
KAJXSOAD IBAVO.
mvturbi rAt-trir lonriaT.
lr*c»r!c »T < rr«M.'»
Ta-mlaai la>a»«*> an* mrm ¦¦• la arrlta at
MAS* rtikxioro.
(X aia Liar. Foos of Maxket Street)
i«»vi — Froii Jcxt 131 UC8. — aaxm
•I:Oi»a Eer.iii. Suiaos. Ehnirv TaearOTa.
Eacuey *o<! aacrameo?o *7:t3p
•*:««» Shizta Expr»»— Daria, Wiiliaa«\'{or
Bartlcu S^asnX WCZavs. ftsd
Tvluff. Pnrt^Mi. *7:«3r
•::3»» V*rt;.,er. i»i U«m.-.a.V»^;i Sava^
• '».;»>¦§» *^ I .**:•:* I-, 4* M:I1f
••:oo * lHrb. WooiiUso. Knix&U LtatUag.
l!»:;»»u.e. OnjfU.s. *?:ISp
•«;»»» AOaaUo Kisreat— Ogiao »ad E*jt 4 1 1>^"V«
*»il»* San Juaa. Lj««raore. Htocktoa.
Inn?, ii'iiw. nacarrille,
M «rj TfOle. Cbica. U«I IttuiT *4:l3r
•»:Ji>»0ii'.»-. Cii.i.»s (for Yowoi^X
fksaorv Cartels. *4:lSp
•»:••« Htisuua. MSgB acd Wif .-r.nioof. • I I :«S.
•»t»» » Ixa An«e>e9 Kxpna* — Mwtinaa,
TrtCT. l_*scr,)c avocxtoo. Mem4
and Freuo *«iO.»
•3: Jt v Ta.1 }>. UwAz'i »u I VT*f S:»-,!rt-« *»i«1p
•H):»i>* The Orerl»i-d Lrail'ed-Oxdra. D«a-
<er. O-j>aJia. Cticm^n *3ilSp
•I !:•»«» 1 Xi;.«. li*anonre. -i.o<«ton. 8«cra-
Kenic. M*r. Jo:«. II laf .>rj. TlaaU*.
Pwri«tlU» — M:ISr
•l*:tOwHi r rart;«.M:««*adlT»i3t»tioc»r' # «t43r
M:»Ur Si:ui).i:'<. lliwr iM«*fn . »3:«»»
«.l:««r Hijwiri.. Si>% aj»J Way SUUooa. ••>: «»r
*-4.a«r Haniun. >«« lUniM. ,V4--i-»jo.
!***»». l,'iB«'n<», !*jm*m H?a«...... *Vil"»« .
*li"»r Bmida. Wis:«n. i*f »m«nu>,
\To<xllaua. KnighU iAodlng.
M*i7»»UU. ««r.>»10» •!•:«>*
•liinpNCw. la J»Hiij.l'.:««ai *?<l»r
•-l:«>orTh« Owl Umi'*i-Tri-r, Fima
BusndeiJ. .ix ¦ j j* fur ->»r.:» Bar-
bara. La« A:v-I»s *9:l)«
•3»«Of Frsh* ruatcpr-Martiara, Luh>
n;. SiDcatnaj. Merceil. BovimU
(ljja. •.•! for TowmitaX rcuna.M>:l*r
*.*i:l»? 2fw Oil^aj* £spma — u««er*n«Ua.
SauU "«':¦•:•, l...s A: •;-.«». iJtm-
faff; Kl ?tao, Ss« Oiiuu* and
tut ••:«i»»
•S:«»<ir Hii a«rd». Ni!*« and S*a J ¦:«¦» •T.*'» »
l«:O»r Vai!»>» MliIV
Omtht. Cbieafo *11:«3«
•••••0? Ori-T.t»l K^i-OflaB. Deom.
t«i'.*. Cblcaso. *l:13p
:~:»«r V»:iffjo. Pori «••>•» and W«» gta-
tioua. !"»:*¦»•
•l:iJfOn|ii.ttd Caitfumia, Ki^aa.Nw. '..-•.
Hi'!:;!.'. M*rjtfi:>. Cr '¦•'¦'••i,
rntvr ihimiin t.Um* ««»«*).
( Foot • I XL-iix.%. S:reet.
;T:i3» iiata (,te Excirsi'>" fcr *aas»
Cra and Fr.cetral W»7 tSttnosa J":oi*
. *9sl3» ?Je««rit,t'»ii!.<r»ri!v.. < <»nJtiSo, Frltu»;
E--.::. .'»r I'rre*. "<4.:: » Ctuz «>. 1 TVay
Scaaioa* •«!»•»
fSil Sr X«4.i. UmifftSl*. -j«-; .1. »-. N-»
Almajaa. T-iXnn. It r,!.!-r freek.
2»a'» I ro» aa-t 1'rac^-al W*j
•ilA-.'.r,- , 'l»;1.i,
*<:l.1p Se»ark. Sin Joaa. !'• C.»tj» »*:it» %
rtiUrOn^owI Teltrm, S^niA Cro» <«:>t.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtaSll rillCUC?— fit: if Itricti Stmtisastr-
•M> »« H;CO*.«. 11:35 *3TS tta
.':ta JUlHJ-i»: i' i:ifim -•¦: '» 8.30 13.00 » a.
m:: *i:C3 tizz 't.zz n-.:s ':::r«.
10 ivr III V BtlO3 i Itroa4 GaaftjL
t lhirl To»nwl S:n>
t7:»»« .San Jo*» ¦•?•! Waj Kt»u.««» «Naw
Almo-iu \Ve.».,«tvUj«-5Mlj> •lit**
t?:30t Saadiy Excnrsioa f- 1 8%a Jc«»,
HuAm ' 'nr. P*dflc Crna asa
Pricdjaa W»y S^tiona {SsSa*
**¦••* fta» .:••¦»«•. Ti<« i'i...)» >««ul« irii.
P.-r.i «;r»T«. r»r. lt=.b »4 Ran
: ...3 O..i»iK>. -. :?. Leap* *-i.t
rrine^paj W»t itAtimn M:l«p
•l«t««4 9%a J«aa v, ' '' v »r Italian* *«t33«
•Iliiu. ¦.»,,.|r....I«iG»a:n.'j>Ti,i(: t ii<.i,, •3>3»r
t«H3pj4n VJ».-,. Kci-notT M-Tin Park.
Pvo Alt'*, natifin ta .'¦ t«.
Tri P:sc» rUtita Cm/. e i i;n
Mooiartyanrt ra.«Sa «iro»» tlft:l*»
|l:Mr JuJoMtixl TT»f 4t&'.i«na •?;*•*
M:l»r SuJiMM-t Princiya^ Waf i>UU«M ?»:».•»»
? %:<ff>» J.->»-, L» G»toa and Princigai
WajiuUos* ?»:«»?
"•Irrinr 3t-,. I «< »n.i ."r air. r»: '.Tij. «¦!•'-•¦« ?«:.M»
•« : :ji»- ? % , ;,i-va-! W*, S-»-.:,. r .« ?'•«•»«
if-4*r aa,a Joar %-M W tT si>t:~-« »-:3J»t»
A f-r Moruitif. I* fi>» .* f Urtimn.
* I>1 '.J- tarjmlar axcerted ;¦«•»• -tay jo y
* Satcrdsj cely.
« SatartUy t=d Jit. c ; -.= ii» tad Monday
CA11T0R5U N'0HTHVESTEfi5 ST. Ca
LESSES
SAH FR.iHCISCO AHQ HORTH PACIFI3
RAILWAY CO^PA^Y.
Tlturoa Ferry. Foot of .Merfcet St
SAX FRANCISCO TO S.OI RAFAEL.
"WKEK DaI?-::»./ >:<«. »:<» a. m.; 12:»a.
t:M. *:W. t:» p. tx. Tnu relays— Extra trt»
at 11:10 o. s. SinsrdJiya— Extra r-.p? at 1:3*
•a4 11:39 r ra.
BUNDAT5-J:<-fl. ?S5. U:C0 a. m. : l:Mt l:Mt
t:M. •:» o- rr.
SAX RA7AEI. TO SAX ITtAXCI3CO.
¦VTEEi: DAT3— «:i3. TS\ »:3B. U:19 a. m. ; 12 O.
US. 5:1S p. ra. Safiriayt— Eztr* tries at
1:U tr.i t:ti r. IB.
SUNQtATS— «:lff. JO. 11:19 a. ta. : 1:40. t:«0.
¦ e>. «:S t>- m.
C?tw»*3 San Fnri^jvo and Schustiea Park
tune afte<!u> aj above.
taWTC ! Ia Erreet. j Arrlv«»
San Ft-aaclseo. -Apr. 15. 13W.1 San Franciars.
WepH ! Sn 3 - I ! «un- | TCee'*
Days, i ditv I Destination.) days. | Pays.
I:» ta! f M »m\ Navattx. (»:« ass} 1:10 tin
J.J' pn; ) Z3 am' Petalams. f :es pm':0:Z5 ana
S13 ;,n Z * ;n ?icm Rcsa.! 7:33 pn. <:3> pna
Fu'.tcn.
T:JO 13 wtndscr. "J — aa
H-aMsour*.
Lytscn.
Geyaerv'.Ue.
J:*« pm J:^ as; Cl->v»-d*:e. IiEpa « ?> pa
?:X) am! t Jlcr " tr. 1 | '.">!: am
»a pm' S:-» ta! aad inriaa. I *C pn, t:3> pm
T 5! «=-. , t :: :» ata
i irCO »a! Ga»meTi!!».f 7:S pbj[
»:Mgq | I 1 iSpa
T:U ia, 3:31 as? Scaorna t »:5 am! S 49 an
and
1:13 pa! S:CO pm Glen E!>a. ! 1:03 pm: l:» pn»
ftttaauMtaa] ;H:*>ara n s »=»
S:H pss 5:f<» pta' 3«^a•t¦rpoL ! 7:13 ~m i jo pn»
Ff« *•» cofB^t at 5a.nta Roaa f?r 3Cark W»»t
Springs and VTfeite Snlphar £pr!nfs: at ralt-in
far Altrana: ¦: Lvtton for Lyttaa 3pr*.nff9: at
OeyservlUa f;r SXazza Ssrlnss: at Clov«rda:»
fcr th« n»Ta-ra: at H'^land for Doir.-an
Sprinr^. Highland Sprtea-*. Ke!»*yvt:ie. Carls-
bad Spriac*. S'fda Bay. L«k*rcrt a-1 Bart-'stt
fprtn«»: it Otiaa tar Vichy Prrins*. Sarjtot*
Ptrir»r». BtB» Le'*e«. Laaret X>!3 Lake. XTitter
Fcrtar*. l*«p*^ Lalta. P<jn>o. Pr>t:»r Va!l»y.
J»on Day's. Rlverwide. LJer>y*». Bncknall's.
fanhedrln Hetxhts. Rnn-rt::*. Orr"» Hat
B?rinr>. M«adortno City. Fort B.-ajr. ¦w»»t-
pcrv t*»aL Wl!Mt». LaytcnvlUe. Cammlns.
B*U a Epnacsu Harria. Olsea's. Dyer. 3cct!a>
acd Ksrvka.
Saturday to Moaday rsaad tr!» Veieta a*
rrdueed r»r»t.
Oa Sunday rmi=d trip t:cX/»ts ta atl potat*
fcerond San Rafa»l at half rates.
Ticket o«lc-s. SO Market »t-. Oinn!r!» Kit.
H. C. \THITING. R. X. RTAN.
General *t»n*t*r- G«n. Pass. Ag*ai.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausatU* F«rry.
Cvmmenefnc April 2. 1M>l
rP.OM S.O* FRA.NCI3CO TO MILL. VAT.T ptT
AND SAN RAFAJEX.
WEEK DAT*-::Ml •«:*>. »:». U:» a. at;
I2:'J. 1:4^ 1:15. 4:Uy "5:15. 1:13. 1:43 > m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For M:il VaUey aad Saa
Rafael, on Monday*. Wedae^daya. Satarday*
and Sunday t at }:W and U:S p. 3:.
etTNDATS— 7:». M:«0. fOqi •»:». U:fl«. U:3»
a- IS.; Xt:tS. •!:». X:». *3:ti. 5.M. i.si, V.ii
p. r=.
IlrQ* a. rn. 4oe> act ma to Saa Ei'»: 9a»>
day*.
TralB* Earked <•) ma to San Cteatla.
rP.OM 3 AN R.AFAEL TO SAJf . FRANCT3CO.
WEEK DATS— »:S. MJflL ':59. $:¥*. »»:li •»
B.: U:». 1:15. *:«. •»:». 4:3ft. $:» p! m.
EXTRA TRIPS oa Mondays. V.'c£aeslay»
•ed satardays at *t:43 acd 19:29 p. na.
SCNDAT3— 4:1*, •!:». *>:». »12 «>a. a.; «U:»
b.: 1:C3. :.li. "l^ «:**. »i:43. «:4*. Idi I8; s,
p. 12.
Trats* niark«<l «•> start frora San Gaeatta.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCLSCO.
TTr.EK DATS— S:^. «:43. S:CO. t:55. 10:» a,
a.: K:J5. 1:43. J:tS. I^a. 4:301 J:3_g. bl
EXTRA TRIPS on Macday*. Wadaasdar*
and Sarartfaya at 7:19 and 19:27 p. aa.
SCNDATS— <:5i. I:«S^, I9:«3* U:!» a. n.: U:I*.
\:2X S-3*. »:«• *55- •:«. 7:«S. »:» p. m,
THROUGH TRAlNa
7:C0 a. as. weak ia.j» — Tasadaro aad way »i»-
t!OB9.
t:U p. m. Satardays — Cazaders aad way R*.
ticna.
5:15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturdays ex;»pt*d>—
Point Re^rea aad way stations.
• :C0 a. ta. gaadayi Caaadero aad way rta-
tlOC».
K:45 p. m. Sunday*— Poiat Rsy«» as4 way
station*.
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
s = V=< a < i £¦%
3- >n '<iv' i 5
- 3 § • » DESTINATION. 7 » :3a
: 3, - 2 : ? : ==
I'.Ss •'.•*. . . Za
- =.— : : : cz,
3:W pi S:l» >:Lt Saa Francisco Arj «.-«» pj S:CO a
H:0i p ! U:3>P»Ar Stockton Lv 2:5>wJ:«a
l:Ua)t:*Jp] " Merred •• I2:3« pi 2:«3 »
S?)» a 4^i pi " Fresno " 10.3J a t:«9 a
7^)* m! 5:49 p{ "*-."¦ JIaaford - *:3l a' 7:^ p '
4:M af *:W P* " VIsalU " »^5 a:il.-2» p
S'na[C»p'" Tnlare " < !'. i ;::•>-. p
TJ8a l^5pi " Ba4*r9fl^!d •• «.i»ajt^»p
j 5:U p; " Kansas Ci;y " : '::%< a.
j 7:*)a f "* Chleagro ** ti>:00 pj «
(Stock-] |3tnc*>
t ton ¦ . i ten
JDallyJ (Dallx-
_ f 4:19 p*Lr Saa Franrlsco Ar'.llSSa 1 ..
|T:13piAr Stockton Lv V")a'
Weekly Gall, §1 per Year
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
;. Steamers leave Broadway {
S- wharf. Saa Francisco:
l?»»^- For Alaskan rorts — 11 a. •
VsvS^V rr -- Aurus * 4 - 9 - l*. -'' : '-
C*e*V^5*^ -"'• - = '"-"- '• Change to yirzi-
t^i^lrM r^*j'3 Ft-atnera it Seattle.
£&££u4 »* Fcr Victoria. Vancouver
&&&-<?££ <B. C). Port Townsend. Se-
« i * i: i5-v?W> attle. Ta^cnia. E"rer*rt. Am-
i enrtes and S»w Wbatcom 1
(Wash.) — 11 a. in.. Anznst *. 1
J. 14. I*. Z4. t?. S<>vt. 3, and every fifth day I
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com- i
raars steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at I
Seattle or Tacorna to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver •
j «o C. P. R'y.
I For Etireka. Humbolit Bay— I p. in.. Ajxyast
I I. 6. 1L IS. r.. 2% 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth
; day thereafter.
For Santa Crci Ifenterejr. San Simeon. Cara- i
co». Port Harfort <?an I.ais Ofcb-po>. Gavict*. !
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Huetieme. San Psrlr^. j
East San Pedro <Lo? Ar.&<»?es> and NeTTport^-9 :
a. m.. Artist 3. 7. 11. 15. 1J. T3. V,, XI Sept. 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
i For San EHesrj. rtopplrsz only at Port Har- I
; ford (San Luia Obisno*. Santa Barbara. Port j
i Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los Anjrel»s>— 11 a.
• m.. August 1. 5. 5. 13. 17. :i. G, ». Sept. ?.
• and every fourth day thereafter.
; For Ensenada. Ma?dalesa Bay. San Jcse del ¦
j Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosal!-*
» and Guaymas <M»xlco> — 10 a. m. . Ttl» of each r
! mont^.
I For" farther infcrrnatlon obtain coasyaays '
folders.
! The comrasT reserves the right tty ehar.c?
) rtearr.ers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
j without pr-vlons notice.
TICKPT O*YM;B— 4 New Uont?o=:ery
• street i Palace Hotel).
COODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents. :
19 Market Bt-. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO,
DISPATCH FAST 5TEAiIERS TO
I PORTLAND !
Frcrn Sr<ar-street Wharf, at 11 A. M.
PADC $12 ,-lrst Clas* including 3erV» j
i IHnC $3 Second OIqv» ana Meals.
i STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aujnist 11, :t n ;
! COLrilEIA sails August «. U, 2S. Sent. 5;
i Short lire tfl Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte. !
i Helena ard all points In the Northwest. :
; Through tickets to all roiats Ej't.
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
G> Market it.
j GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
j Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA. j
STEAMKR5 WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, it Id. in., !
fnr TOKOHA31A and HONGKONG. callin« at \
Kobe (Hiogo). Nasasakt and Shanghai, and '
connecting- at Honikvns with steamers for In- ;
dla. etc. No cares received en beard on day i
of sallinr.
PS. AMERICA MARr... .Friday. August J. 13M •
S3. HONGKONG MARL*
Wednesday. August 23. 1300 !
S3. NIPPON MARf
Saturday. September S. 1300 •
Via Honolulu.
Riund-tri? tickets at redticed rates. Fcr \
freight and r-a«s«3:e apply at company's office, i
411 Market strret. corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Arent. I
— — — — — — — — ¦ i
AMERICAN LINE.
HTW TCES. 80CT2A3IPT0S. M5D05. TA33\.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. rn.
New Tcrk August « ?t. Lr>als August SS t
St. Paul August 15 New Tork August » I
f\tD STAx LlMi.
'»«( Vor^ cr,2 £«.&•*•— »
From New Tork Every Wednes-Iay. 12 nooa.
Kenslnzton ..August « Neordland \agu.«t 8 I
Aras^nia — Au^nst 13 Friesland ...Aujrast ~i I
INTERNATIONAL NA^GATION CO..
t) Montgoicery Street.
303CPAO5IS 6£KSaALS TSA53ATLA5TIQT^.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _*^»»«
Saiiintr every Tharsiay. Instead of <irSf5»
Saturday, frcm November 2. 13». at -••^tfft* j
¦*<* a. ni.. from Pier O. North, River foe* o* ;
Mirton str»et: L'AQriTAINE. Aagun »¦ L.i '
BRETAGNE. Aurust 1«: LA LORRAINE. Aax- 1
u« 2Z; LA TOURAINE. Augvtt ». First !
class to Havre. ti2 i* and upward. Second class
to Havre. J",3 and upward; S per cent reduction '
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR !
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. C Broad-
way < Hudson Building). New Tork. J. F t
FCGAZI A CO.. Pacifle Coast Agents, S Mont- 1
romerr avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. f». CO.-HOXOLUI.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S3. ALAMEDA (vU Honolulu), to New
Zealand anii Australia Wed.. Auj. 8. S i». a. ;
S. S. AUSTRALIA <Hcnolulu cn!y) .
Wednesday. Augoat S. 2 p. m. f
2. D. SPHECKELS & afXi.CO.. « S ts^ ,(4 Kontsctntn
Pier 7. Feat Pacific SL Fr»3htCsicc.32?ai2rk*tSt j
KOSMOS LINE tos!
ABTDOS iJC« tens .'
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hsrnbary. i
vLi Mexican ports. Central and tfc-th
America, etc.
! S. S. Tanis. CC0 tens, sails aboat Auyust 15
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Mcntjornery st. Pier No. 7— Freight offlc* '
S27 Market st.. i-gn Francisco. j
BAY ANJJ RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "M*ntic«!la"
MON.. Taes.. Vk'ed.. Thar». and ?aL at »:« \
a. m.. iiH. *:30 p. m. fex-Tfeurs. night); Frt- j
t!ays 1 p. in. and «:»: Sundays. 10-.J0 a. m.. t |
p. m. Landing an«i offlc?. Mlss!cn-street Dock. (
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1203.
FARE 50c |
{
y^"^K Dr, Gibbon's Dispensary, j
jLgjM B25 KEAB.U' ST. KUaMbhed !
«i .v**!3 lrt i' 3 -* 'cr tteirKiiicfntot FriTite '.
jQ| ui*|feSM W»*»s* i s- liOBtiianlioixl- DefclllT7 or
ilr»faa*''~3iir:rjrot] Ixxivacdrair.dinJ
-'tin DiSP&acs. Th* 'loctnrcnresrrben
OOt»'?oyj'?3 n:teri fi'L Fry cim. Ch»r?e* .ow
>J- l Sw r .<1 rurf«;uar:mtff I. CaHor^rrit-*
; Or. J. »¦'. uIBBO!!. Box l»ST.Saa Frasctaco
j ¦
RAILEOAD TRAVEL. .
1 1I0UKT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC SATLVAT
' Leave San Francisco via Satualito Ferry-
WEiK DAYS. .9:3) a. m.. 1:C and S:l5 p a.
SUNDAYS .-..«. >. W. U a. m.. 1:3». 2 » p. m.
i Fare S—n Francisco to Summit and return. $1 ¥>
i NEW TAVERN OF TAMALTAI3 NOW OPEN
EIRTES—HAERIAOES— DEATHS.
COTTEP.-In this city. July 31. 1MO. to the
wife of Thcmas 5. Cctter, a daughter.
CRANE— Ia this city. August 1. 1M0, to the
wife of G. Y.\ Crane, a son.
HALL— In this city. July 9), 15W. to the wife
cf II. N*. llalU a. jot.
LOFTOS-In this city, July tt, 1X«. to the wife
cf M. J. Loftos, a son.
ROSEXBACH— In this city. August L I9W, ta
ti;» «ife of Asher R^senbach. a daughter.
Pj.WEXTHAL- In Alame'Ia, to the wife cf S.
Ksg*nthal. a ten. -
LIABRIED.
BAIL-FL"ER?TEXAU-In this city. July 31.
1»». hy the Rev. J. Fuendeiingr, Otto Bali and
Annie C Fuerstenaa. >
BAP.![YTK-C»X)LE-Ia this city. July 3L 1300.
by the R'\: R. W. Reynoiis. Leuis D. Bar-
hjt* and Uebecca H. Coole. both of San Fraa-
CiSOO.
BISHOP-HARRIS— In this city, August 1.
V.**. by the J'.pv. & D. Hutslapiiler, John H.
BtEbcp cf New Ala:aien aad Lucy A. Harris
cf Francisco.
EE1TOX- S.U.L- In thi? city. August 7. V3CT:
by the R>>v. J. Fuendeling, Jcha V. Briton of
Salinas, Cal.. and Biniw Nail of Hartford.
Kentucky-
G'.»YER-LONG— In this citr. Aur-i»t *. 1*».
by the R.-v. r>r. Sotm A. B. Wilson. Dr. Ed-
w.ird Henry Goyer of Watson* 111*, Cal-. and
Clara Alice Lonif of Saa Francisco.
JACKS»XN-nUTTELMAN-Ia this city, August
1, l&w. by the Rev. William C. Poad. Julian
X. Jack^in «f f?an Francisco and Henrielta
A. Buttelman ml Marv^vine.
ECHLOEMEK— HOFMANN- In this c'.ty, July
S. Uet, by the Rer. J. Fu»nde!ir.p, John F.
t-?hl.*tiier and llathiide HoJmarir..
STTLKS— ALEXANDER— In this city. August
1. 1>.-J. br th# R*»v. t>r. Jchn A. B. Wilson,
Harry Kc«cford Styies aad Edith Maude Alex-
ander, boih <vf San Frardsco.
j WEIDEMANN-SWENDSEN-In this city, Au-
I rust 1. lKi. by the Rev. J. Fuendeltngr. Georre
IT«M«— CM ar.fl Jennie A. E. f wf cd«en.
DiEP.
Al>n. Anna Hendo'. Belle C
Actacst. John La Roche. Jeanne N.
Eamum. Mrs. E. Lancon. Lizsie
BUjiOm'.r^fCale, Her- Leman. >larv A.
man Marks. Berry
Cullen, Thcrsa* Peres. Err.:Ue S.
Hamilton. Matthew Vetter. Carthartne
H«vrie, John C White. Mrs. C.
ALLEN— In this city. August I. 100-?, Anna, be-
ioveti wife of iUchael AUca. mother Of Kitty,
Johns?. J'>?ie and James Allen, aad sister o(
I Mrs. Minnis Stemeck. a native of yu-ens-
ton-n. County Cork. Ireland, aged IS years.
C T Fnen-is and aciuaintanc<*« are respect-
fully Iavite<i to attend the fur.eral this day
t Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, frora h*r U:^ rrti-
deace. ;4 Morris avenue, off Harrison street.
b«t»wn Fifth and Sixth, th>?nce to St. Rose's
Church. Triiere ssnices -will be he!d for the
repese of her soul, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Irr.er-r.er.t Mount Calvary Cemetery.
lANTAGNE-Ia Oc*>aa View. August 2, 1300,
I Jrhn. beloved sen of Georr* and Mamie An-
tassi*. a native of can Francisco, asred 4
months and 4 daj-s.
' BARNTM— Ia this city, August 2. 13C0, Mm.
EUsabeth Barnum. relict of the late WilUarn
1 Howard Bcrnurc. a native cf Massachusetts,
a^e-d «4 j^ars.
BU.'OMIXiJDALE- In Vtctcria. B. C. July IS.
1*», Heraiaa Bioorniagdaie, brother of the
late Emasutl Bl-'-osusfiUle. a native cf G«r-
ir.ar.y. a»:.M £4 years.
C^Friends ar.-i acqaairstaaces are rvspect-
4 fulls- invited to attend the runeral thts day
(FrMaj-). at 10:3a o'clock, from the parlors of
Iisist<-j & Co., «5 Miwion street. Iater-
! ra?at Home of Peace Or=»ier>'. by 11:30
o'clock tram from Third ar.d Townsead
I street*. Pleise omit flowers.
i CVLLEX-ln this city. Au<r-ist 2. OOfc Th->rnas.
[ belot-rd hu*tand of Bridget <"ull<"n. aad father
cf Joha. Jane, Margaret. TVUliaia. Richard.
Ucse. Oliver. G*rtrjd». Frank. Charles,
1 Gears* s=d Thomas "."ull^a and Mrs. J. eulli-
! van. a cattxe of C-?unty Leitrim. Ireland.
: a^<?.i 7>t ;ear%
C^Frioni* aad acquaintances are respect-
fu'.ly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Faturdaj). at S:30 o'clock, fr^ci his late resi-
dence. 7 Ritch street, eff FoLiom. betirf^i
Thirt and Fourth, thence to St. Patrick'"
Church, where a requiem fcig-h mass be
celebrated fcr the repose cf his soul at ¦*
I o'clock. Int»rrr.er.t Holy Cress Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In this city, July 3L 19™. Mat-
thew, fcsioved husband of Katie Hamilton.
¦ filTwi ft Clarer-ce W. Hamilton, and brother
I cf Jarces T.. Jennie and John W. Hamilton.
a native cf N»w York, ase-i 51 years 11
Booth* aad i days. (New York papers r'l?«s a
eepr-|
t7"F"rie=ds ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fuHy ir.i-ited to attend the runerai t-i-morro-ar
i^aturiay). at 2 o'clock, from King Solomon's
Hal!. Masonic Temr>. corner Post and Mont-
! gonsery street*, under the auspices of Occi-
| d*3tal"Lo*ii?e No. li F. and A. M. Interment
I iliscnic Cemetery. Remains? at the funeral
rari^rs of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason
' etreet, between CFarreii ar.d Geary.
¦ HAWKE— In this city. August L 13^. John
! Charl« Hawke. beloved husband of Cecelia.
I Ha-wk». father of tT-.ar!*^ P. Hawke. ani
ei«pfather cf Mn>. T. K. Keouirh. Mrs. J. L.
Nortcn. F. G. Jenkins aad the late TV. TV.
I Jrnklr-s. a rative of Er.g'.aal.
C^Friends and acr^iiatances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral lhl« day
• Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his lat- re»i-
a»nce. 2""* '." Leaverworth street. Interment
Laurel Hsil Cemeterj'.
I HENDKT— Er.tfred into r* 1 *!. ia this eltv. Au-
I gn*t L ISM. Belle Center Ken'lrj". befcwed wife
of William Hentiry. and daughter of the late
DavM Center, a native cf San Francisco.
CXFriends are respectfully invited to at-
t«r.d the funeral this day (FrHayl. 3t 2
o'clock, from her late residence. HIS Folsom
rtr»et. Folicwing the services the remains
will be placed In the vault at Mount OUret
Cemetery, via electric car frcm Twentieth aad
I Guerrero srmt.v Kindly omit flowers.
1 LA ROCHE— In this city. August 1. 1900. Jeanne
N"y La R«vhe. a native of San Francisco.
I *x**l 34 Year* and 11 months.
C7Fur.eral n-rscrrow (Saturday) morning.
Funeral and interment prints.
I LAXXOX-ln the City and County Hospital.
Au2ti*t X l*^- Lizzie Lannon. a native of
California, aged 17 years.
LEMAN— Ia this city. August 1. I3O. Mary A..
wi4*w cf the late Walter Moore Lernan, a
native of Boston. Mu- . aged SI years 11
" n"ttth? and 11 days.
CTFri-ri-is and &'-quair.tar.?-« are respect-
¦ fBlty invited tf> attend the funeral this day j
CFMAay). at ?:?* octork. frcm her late resi-
dence. 22S sixth avenuo. betweea California !
and Clement street*, thecce to Star of the
g-M Church. Eighth and Poiat Lobo* avenue*,
waere a re-juiem high mass will be celebrated !
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 13 j
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ;
MARKS— Ir. this city. August 2. 1300. Berry, j
beloved .¦-*'. -i-.-i of Johanna Marks, a na- ;
tive cf Germany. ajr»d O years. tUklah aad |
Rcsa r*pers please cor»y.)
PERES— In this city. August 1. 1«00. Em!lle ]
S.hw^-ttzer Peres, beloved daughter ot Joseph 1
and Emille Peres, a native of Chicago, ag?d I
' IT years 4 menths aad 9 days.
C7Fr>nds aad acquaintance* ar» respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
n* her parent*. 13C<1 Mission street, corner of
Fifteenth, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
1 O~ii*n Gate avenue, between Jones and Leav-
' *a worth streets, fcr services at 9:30 .0 clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
VETTER— In this city. August 2. 15<*\ Cithar-
ln». **arly beloved wife of Karl Vrtter. and {
1 biioved tnoth«r of K*tle and Julius Vetter. a j
natjv* of Weijensreln ob^n an GeUiinger. I
Wnrt'mfcuir. Germany. irM 43 years " |
rn -nthr and It days.
I WHITE— In Goliea. Colo., Aupjst L W>\ Mrs. I
I Charictte Whit». be'.oved mother of William |
1 J. White of San Francisco. Mrs. Edith J.
Wright and Mrt. Chari-» A. Mertsheinier of
Portland. Or., a native of Cornwall. Eng-
land, tsed 76 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
<£uceecscr« to Flan nay an * Gallasher).
i DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mfr.
FTNERAL DIP.ECTOP.S AND EMBALMER3.
» Tilth »t. cpsosite Ltncola ScUooL
i T«!-phoce Sooth M.
IA%c/\VOV A. CO^ I
FtTNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
U2» Market St.. betweea Sth and »th, 1
Telephone South 217. |
UMTED U>DERTAKERS.
r: and 2S Fifth it. TeL South 167.
rreziAL DiaECToaa awd ehbauhiw.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
! On March JOth cr this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed *0r-
! dlnance Na 15, prohibiting the burial of
1 the dead within the city and county Th«a 1
law goes into effect August 1, 1901 * His-
1 tory shows that all laree cities have found
! it necessary to close their cemeteries, and
; immediately the relatives and friends be-
• i?in to remove their loved ones to eerneter- !
I tes less liable to be disturbed by the !
I growth of the city. For full particulars j
1 and expenses in disintf-rrin? and transfer-
; ring bodies apply to Charles H. Jacob &
j Co.. funeral directors and embalmers. 318
: Mason street. Telephone Main 5213.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
feJijSS*^ 1^ <H Kosrr.y street, S. F.. fcr
TjJp'^ FJshlns Tackle and ' Sporting' :
i ¦ Goods. The larcest stock on
I the- Pacific Coast of every description. Send i
cents la postage stamp* for the latest »4-pa«e
[illustrated cau.lc*-ue, No. 4.In regard to the docking of the dollar
from the pay of linemen who worked at
night for the housemovers, Hewitt says
he took the money out for the bookkeep
er who kept their accounts. The book
keeper, he says, had to keep track of
Regarding the loss of the poles, Hewitt
said that whenever one was taken up
he sent it to the poleyard, and If any
of them ever went astray it was by no
consent or connivance of his. The sale
of metal, he said, was really at the sug
gestion of Mayor Phelan, and it was sold
to increase the revenue of the department
after the appropriation had been ex
hausted. He declares that his books will
show credits to account for all the old
metal he has over sold.
patronage, and- there is not enough to go
around^ so they have been trying to force
their, friends on me. My idea is to run
my office on business principles in a busi
nesslike way and for the benefit of the
city and*not for the politicians. This has
brought enmity upon me, and I <lo not
doubt that these charges are made only
to discredit me. I am sure they are made
by discredited and ungrateful men dis
charged from my office. I invite a full
and complete investigation; ray books are
open to the Commissioners, and they will
find every nickel that has passed through
my hands since I have been in office ac
counted for."
CHIEP OF THE CITY ELECTRICAL DEPARTMENT.
James Campbell, an Iron Molder,
* Locked Up at the California
Street Station.
Detectives Harper and Armstrong ar
rested James Campbell on Kearny street
late last night and locked him up In the
tanks at the California-street police sta
tion. Campbell is supposed to be the man
who robbed the residence of P. Breen, at
1335 Sacramento street, a week ago. A
trunk containing costly curios and other
valuables was taken. The theft was re
ported tothe_pollceattheCallfornia-
DETECTIVES ARREST
SUSPECTED BURGLAR
Proprietor Johnston Returns and
Procures Warrant for Missing
Bartender's Arrest.
'Theodore Brakke, as published at the
time In The Call, disappeared mysterious
ly on July 9, and it was supposed that he
had taken -with him much money from the
safe of the Bon Ton saloon. Pine and Du
pont streets, where, he was manager dur
ing the absence in Europe of the proprie
tor" Axel Johnston. Brakke locked the
safe and it was decided not to open it till
Johnston's return. •"• '-^ '- ; ¦..•¦
Johnston returned yesterday and the
safe was opened. It was found that
$S0O had been taken from it. Johnston at
once went to the City Hall and swore out
a warrant in Judge Cabanlss* court for
Brakke's arrest on the charge of felony
embezzlement.
BRAKKE IS ACCUSED OF
ROBBING BON TON SAFE
Collector Jackson nas appointed John
Toland from " the eligible list as as
sistant storekeeper, vice C. S. Smythe,
deceased. The salary. Is $1400 perannura.
Laurence A. Heiner was appointed from
the eligible list as inspector temporarily,
in place of Inspector F. R. Handley, who
has been granted unlimited leave of ab
sence on account of sickness.. C. C. .West-'
over, was made messenger, having served
the probationary; period of six months.
Custom-House Appointments.
A spark from a chimney set fire to the
buildings at 708 and 710 Castro street yes
terday afternoon. The fire communicated
to the buildings on either side and consid
erable damage was done before the flames
were checked. The building, 706 Castro
street, owned and occupied by Mrs. F. L.
Prltchard. • 708 Castro, owned and occu
pied by J. J. Olsen, and the building at
713 Castro, owned and occupied. by Police
man Neil Reardon, were considerably
damaged. The building at 712 Castro
street, owned and occupied by Mrs. L.
Galbralth, was slightly damaged. The
total loss will reach $4000, fully insured,
except on the contents of 710 Castro
street. .
Fire on Castro Street.
PIPER'S REPUTED SON
FORCES HIS CLAIM
Humored That Compromise Will Be
Effected by Deceased Capital
ist's Heirs.
It is rumored that negotiations looking
toward a compromise between the heirs
of the late ' William H. Piper and his al
leged illegitimate son, Frederick William
Piper Aiken, son of Mrs. W. H. Alken,
formerly Mrs. Baldwin,, are now being
conducted by counsel representing the In
terested parties. The alleged illegitimate
son claims the millions of the deceased
capitalist by authority of a four-line holo
graphic will! and although some doubt as
to the legality of the testament has been
expressed by opposing counsel it is assert
ed that raiher than contest the document
they will pay a fortune for Its surrender.
The matter of the citation upon ex-
Judge A. A. Sanderson to produce the holo
graphic will bequeathing the estate to the
alleged Illegitimate son was called by
Judge Dunne, sitting in Judge Troutt's
court, yesterday. An agreement among
counsel for a continuance until the return
of Judge Troutt was accepted by the court
and an order in conformity with this
agreement was made. In the meantime a
settlement with Frederick William Piper
Aiken may be effected. » ; rs;
Dr. Leland Could Find No Trace
of Alleged Criminal
Operation.
Dr. Leland, autopsy physician at the
Morgue, performed a post-mortem exam
ination yesterday on the remains of Mrs,
Jeanne La Roche and found that the
cause of death was alcoholism.
Mrs. La Roche died on "Wednesday night
at the Hotel Sutherland. Dr. Putnam,
who attended her, and a Miss Simpson, a
nurse, gave out that the deceased told
them that the illness which caused her
death was Induced by a criminal opera
tion. At the time of her death Mrs. La
Roche had been on a spree of several,
days' duration.
"The cause of Mrs. La Roche's death
was alcoholism," said Dr. Leland. "In
my examination I could find no trace of a
criminal operation having been performed,
though such might have been the case
under certain conditions without its leav
ing any noticeable trace."
Emil Gunzburger, for years the confi
dential agent of Mrs. La Roche, was
granted special letters of administration
upon decedent'ssestate yesterday. In his
petition Gunzburger stated that there was
property in the apartments occupied by
the deceased at 791 Sutter street that
needed immediate attention. Judge
Dunne made the order and Gunzburger
immediately took charge of the estate.
AUTOPSY SHOWS. LIQUOR
KILLED MRS. LA ROCHE
Judge de Haven I>ecides in Favor of
Simpson & Magee for Sal
vage.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down an opinion in the
suit of A. M. Simpson and James Magee
against the steamship Grace Dollar for
salvage. In the course of the opinion
Judge de Haven said;
"In rendering the service for which sal
vage Is claimed In the present case no ei
traordlnary effort was put forth by the
Columbia, and neither the .tug nor any of
her crew was exposed to the slightest dan
ger in making fast to the Grace Dollar
and towing her to a place of safety. In
fact, the master of the Columbia declined
to permit* his crew to " take the risk of
launching a boat for the purpose of carry
ing a line to the distressed steamer. The
evidence also shows that the ordinary
charge for towing a vessel of the size of
the Grace Dollar and loaded as she was
from the place she went aground to
Marshfleld was about $175.
"In view of all the facts and governed
by the general principles declared in . the
cases above cited the Judgment of the
court will be that libelants are entitled to
recover the sum of $1000, to be divided as
follows: Three-fourths of that sum to
the tug Columbia and the remaining one
fourth to the master for himself andf crew
and to be divided between them in propor
tion to. their wages, the libelants to re
cover costs. The cross-libel will be dis
missed."
GRACE DOLLAR MUST
PAY ONE THOUSAND
John Hayden, Butcher, Is Hurled
Forty Feet but Escapes Seri
ous Injury.
John Hayden, a prominent butcher do
ing business at 120 Ninth street and 325
Seventh street, came near being kiiled by
the carelessness of a motorman in charge
of trolley car 931 of the Eighth and Ken
tucky streets line last AVednesday after
noon. The accident occurred at the cross-
Ing of Army and Kentucky streets in
broad daylight and at a time when, there
could be no possible excuse for a col
lision.
Hayden, who was driving a light buggy,
had just left' Army street and was In the
act of crossing Kentucky when ihe car
bore down on him at a high rate of speed.
No bell was rung or other signal given
and the first Intimation which Hayden
had of his danger came when the car
struck his buggy. He landed about forty
feet away and was considerably stunned
by the fall. On coming to he found that
his buggy had been smashed Into kindling
wood and that the two fore legs of his
valuable horse were broken.
The motorman when chided about not
ringing the bell stated that he was not
supposed to ring between street crossings.
ELECTRIC CAR SMASHES
BUGGY AND MAIMS HORSE
their money, and was not getting a cent
for doing It, so he determined to make
the men put up a dollar a piece. A,fter
some months of this he found that the
bookkeeper was making too much, so he
reduced the amount from each man to
50 and then to 25 cents.
Hewitt is sure the investigation will re
sult in his exoneration.
W. R. Hewitt,
Chief of the De=
partment, Will
Be Asked for a
Statement.
CHARGES AGAINST THE MANAGEMENT OF
THE CITY'S ELECTRICAL DEPARTMENT
Joint Commissioners Have Had a
Detective on the Case and His
Report Will Be the Subject of
an Investigation to Commence
This Afternoon.
cr?r? — FAIRS in the city department
// \\ of electricity will be the subject
jl- — i\ of an Important session of the
[I \v, -joint commission in control of the
department which will be held
this afternoon In police headquarters.
There has been much dissatisfaction over
the management of th<? present superin
tendent. William R. Hewitt, and a good
part of the session will be *pent In look-
Ing into his ca.se. He will be questioned
as to property unaccounted for, ineffi
ciency in certain branches of his depart
ment! the existence of tappers that a«ld
nothing to the revenue of the city, the
disappearance of lines and poles, the
flipht of dollars from the workmen's
wages and a number of other matters which
the joint commission Iras decided It would
better inquire into.
The basis ut the Investigation will be
two reports — one submitted by a commit
tee thut Sucked over the department on
its own account and another submitted
by iJettective Tom tiibsun. who wtts de-.
tailed to run down a few of the reports
that followed in the wake of the Hewitt
management. There was another report
submitted by l'rofe.-^sor Clarence L.
Corey, professor of electrieal engineer
ing at toe Suite University, but it was so
superlatively tavorable that it led to the
committee's report. The Corey report win
not come uy In evidence.
The re;»urt ot ihe committee was sub
milted last April and since then it has
lain usidt-, but with the appearance of
more sensational facts it will be taken
up iigain. Tiie substance of the report
¦Wiih. ihat the system In use had not been
Uej>t ui> to date; that old-fashioned ap
paratus was being used, and that it was
a. system that lied long ago been dis
carded In other large cities of the coun
trv. It also Questions the advisability of
laying sie^l underground conduits, and
then in a supplemental report D. 1. Ma
honey, one or the committee, declares
• that it was evident tne employes of trie
department were not selected for their
proficiency but rather for their iwlitical
a.fliliatiui>. Hewitt is a nephew of Rai
ney. and it was not hard Si>r Mahoney to
eee where the unities crept in.
Recently it iRcame the desire of the de
partment to extend its suburban rystem.
Poles bad been taken up all over the
citv »rhere wires had l>een transferred to
the poles of'iigrht and power companies,
and a!.~o where the city's wires had been
placed under ground, but when poles were
v:anttd it was found that not one could be
had. Hewitt was called to headquarters
and was asked what he had done with
the poles, and he said that at a
future lime he would explain all.
This led to the employment of Gibson,
fjnti the result of Oibson's investigations
•were embodied in a report which Police
Commissioner Mahoney now lias and
which will be brought up at the meeting
to-day. Gibson's report has never been
before the members of the joint com
inlFsion as a body. Instead it was hand
ed around from one to the other to be
read' by them individually. Then at the
last meeting the subject was approached
and it ivas En a fair way to be discussed,
when one or two of the newspaper re
porters dropped into the meeting room
and the discussion came to an abrupt
conclusion.
In his report Detective Gibson has the
affidavits of reveral employes and ex
employefl of the department, some of
whom tell of poles disappearing and oth-
ers of tappers working steadily in defi
ance of the provision of the charter that
says they must pay the city for the priv
ilege. There is an affidavit from one man
who hauled a lond of poles, sawed and
split Into kindling wood, to Smith's res
taurant on Clay street, between Mont
gomery and bansuxne. Mike Wall and
iJan bhs-a, two employes of the depart
ment, Kot enough to build fences o£ split
pickets around their homes: and there
were- others- wno shared In the woodpile.
It is also stated that the poles were all
eawed and split at the city's expense.
Ciibson'-s rtyort also includes a. descrip
tion of the patents that Hewitt has taken
out s^nee h«? got the position of superin
tendent seven years ago. It was feared
by the Commissioners that the system
would be found so tieJ up with these pat
ents that it would be impossible, or at
least very expensive, to broach the sub
ject of a change in the oliice of super
intendent. Gibson found that Hewitt has
sevt-ral patents on the apparatus In the
central ottice on Brenham place; also a
patent on a harness release which he is
introducing into the department, and also
one on a "horse let go," a device that re
leases the animals from their stalls at the
first stroke of the gong. It is not prob
able, however, that the withdrawal oi any
of these patents could cripple the depart
ment, for there are scores of :;uch devices
In use all over the L'nited States.
As to the tappers operating from the
main llr.es, Gibson rei>orted enough to
show that the tapper industry Is not by
any means dead. When the department
became a paid department the use of the
tapper became almost nominal. The char
ter provides, however, that without inter
fering with the signals on the main lines
tappers may be put in for those desiring
them upon payment of a certain sum reg
uiarly to the city as rc-nt. Hewitt had re
ported to the commission that there were
ho more of thf-.^e tappers working, and so
there has been no revenue from that
source, but there are tappers working,
according to Gibson's report, and he has
receipts to show that money has been paid
for them. The tapper is operated by a
patent taken out by Hewitt, but it is un
der the management of Alfred Clarke Jr..
superintendent of the auxiliary fire alarm
system. The tappers at one time, during
the days of the old department, brought
in a revenue <if $2 per month apiece, and
the only expense attached was that of in
stallation and repair. Nothing was paid
to tht? city for the use of its signals, and
nothing is being paid to the city now.
There is another interesting bit in the
affidavit of Mike Wall. He was at one
time inspector in the police telegraph de
partment. Ho tells how it became a cus
tom in the ofllee to stop a dollar out of
the pay of the linesmen at night when
thry worked overtime for house-movers.
When a house is moved during the day
linesmen are sent out to cut the wire's
In Its path, and under tho?e circum
stances they are paid by the city. But
when a house is moved at night, the lines
men sent out are rated as working over
time and the house-movers must pay. The
pay has always been $5 and the money is
put in advance into the hands of the chief
operator. Four years ago It was an
nounced that the men would get but four
of the five, and for a long time this held
good. One man objected, but he was told
that "if he didn't want to work for $4
he needn't work at all," and that brought
the men to time. What became of the
extra dollar none of them ever knew.
There has also been investigation re
garding the existence of junk — old wire,
"zincs" and "coppers" from the batteries,
brass filings and similar waste — but none
has been found. In the seven years that
Hewitt has been in office there has never
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1900.
Will Hold Court Evenln_3.
Superior Judge Lawlor will hold court
every evening until August 8 to accom
modate those who desire to became nat
uralized. In order to vote at the coming
election It is necessary for applicants for
citizenship to obtain third papers on or
before that date. ¦ .... »
street station and the detectives detailed
on the case.
Harper and Armstrong have suspected
Campbell, and when they met him last
night his arrest followed. At the station
he gave the occupation of an iron molder
and is about 35 years of age. Ha will
probably be charged to-day.
Hewitt makes a general denial of all the
allegations of mismanagement. "It is the
outcome of dirty politics," he said, "and
is an effort to get me out of the way so
that the patronage of my office may be
made use of. Certain people want this
There is more talk of mismanagement In
the department, but it will be with the
question of material that the Commission
ers will devote themselves principally.
They are all unwilling to talk about the
matter, and the fact that it has been
brewing among them for so long is proof
of their desire to go at the Investigation
with as little stir as possible. The meet-
Ing this afternoon is a special session.
Nothing has been said about it. and it is
probable the Commissioners hoped to meet
without any one knowing they were any
where in the vicinity of the meeting-room.
been a scrap heap large enough to cause
comment. William Pennycook, a lines
man, put in a month on Rainey's new
house on Golden Gate avenue, wiring the
fixtures for lights and the walls for bells,
and putting in batteries wherever they
were needed. The material was supposed
to have come from the department. The
"let goes." for which the city paid Hewitt
a royaltv, were made In the department
shops out of department material, and the
harness releases were put in through a
similar channel.
12
JUNK DEALER
PROVES TO BE
AN ATTORNEY
EORGE H. •WHEELER, a junk
f dealer, appeared In Judge Con
l ¥ lan's court yesterday on a
charge of battery and he aston
lshed the court and spectators
by conducting his own defense in a
manner that showed he had a thor
ough knowledge of the law. He In
terposed objections, moved that bits
of testimony should be stricken out
and attacked the constitutionality
of the ordinance.
"Pardon me," said the Judge,
••but may I ask where you picked up
such an accurate knowledge of the
procedure in a criminal court?"
"I was a practicing attorney In the
New York courts," quietly replied
Wheeler.
It appeared that "Wheeler had pur
chased a number of soda water bot
tles on July 17 and had them on his
wagon when Edward H. Heringer,
an employe of the soda water com
pany, happened along and attempted
to seize the bottles. Wheeler ob
jected and struck Heringer on the
face with one of the bottles. He
was convicted and ordered to ap
pear for sentence this morning.
Great (jut Price S-' c
China
. Crockery
Glassware
Silver Plated Waro
20 P er cent * °tf Dinner Sets
20 P er cent, off Jardinieres
20 P er ceQ t« °tf Clocks
20 P er ceirt * °H Glassware
20 P er cent, off Lamps
20 P* T cea *» °" Knives, Forks, Spoons
High Grade Stl-rcr Plated —Tare
30 P«r cent off all Odds and Ends
Grey Enameled Ware, prices away down
Table Glassware, prices away down
DINNER SETS
44 piece Dinner Set, S3.OO
Go piece Dinner Set, S4.4O
loo piece Pinner 9ct» $8 OB
GLASS BERRY AND TABLE SETS
35. 4Q, 45. 55. 75» 90 Cta. per Bet
GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AND, SPOON HOLDERS
5, 10, is. go. »5 Cta. each
LEMONADE AND WATER SETS
45. 55. 65. 75. 9O Cttt, per Set
COtlE JI7ST TO BEE
Good Time and Place to Bay
Great Aamcaa IanurtiH la ft.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Butter and Poet).
861 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
S55 Hayes St. US Third St.
IV 13 Polk St. 521 Montgomery At*
2516 Mission St. 70S Larkln St.
30C6 Sixteenth St. 1819 DevUadero St.
148 Ninth St. 4T3 Ilatght St.
20CS Flllmore St. S*S5 Mission St.
52 Market St. 2732 24th St. '
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 "Washlneton St. 818 E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway 11S5 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 13C5 Park St.. Alarned*.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
H ai BN BHl H| nB m ni ai
DR.MQNULTY.
nUILS WELL-KNO\V>1 AND RELIABLE O«>
X SpecliilLst cures Private. >'ervous. ami Blood Dls-
mvt o( Jleu only. Book on Private Diseases anJ
Wouiinesses of it Pn. free. t»v»r -0 y'rV exporipner
Patienwcnrwlat Home. Terms reamnsblo. Houni
to3(liiily;&30to3:a) ev'jrs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consui-
I tatlon free and sacredly conflilentfal. Call oraddress
| P. ItONCUK aieXL'I ~Y. 51. 1>.
j 2«J-i Kearny »t.. Han Krancinco, Cal.
! RRTTQHFQ F0R barbers, bak-
JDAUOIl£iOers. bootblacks, bats-
! houses, billiard tables.
, brewers, bookbinders. canJy-makcrs. c&nnera.
<iyer», • flourmills. foundries, laundries. pap«r-
, hangers, printers, painters, ahoe factories, sto-
j U'.emen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. \
BUCUANA-S BROS.. P
Bfuah Manufacturera. -6OQ Sa;nm«nt»St.
1 Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
; Recommended by physicians. Water always
dean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Bargain Days
FRIDAY AND SA TURD A Y.
Kvil /v 't-^c Vic if
2 5 1 5ir * • D
4 _ -4.
FREE! FREE!
With any purchase in our Juvenile De-
partment— our , patent Peda-
i gogue Pencil Box.
4— — — — f
$4.50 and <C ->-•-•
$5.00 Values f^«55
200 suits of the finest of mixzd
Scotches, in t7v} new curly Weave
bluo cJfviots, made with double
seats and double knees, ages Jj.
to lo years— suits that are sitre-
ly worth $4.50 to $5.00.
Friday and rr
Saturday only at *& <* !f 55
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ryw Just What the
J^pk. Boy Wants.
r\ \ rvl7\ *^ vest wMh
i T f ¦' \ vY s su^; and
I A * b f]V_4 they're so styl-
l-i'' i \u' V s^ h a7J/ d Tnan-
\ Y *ft~~\Y nUh, too.
Vjy// M Just 100 suits.
.vk'ffl that's all, and
'W ' b they're on our
J F bargain coun-
W . f tar to-day and
I 9 EB Saturday only ;
If' fL^r years ; special',
'¦¥*•¦ $2.95
_________________ *¦ »
A BIG DRIVE FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY!
An Offer of 300 Correctly Tailored Suits for Men.
•.. l^M^^^^miA Ppf 7 Pepper and Salt
«^P^5_i^^^J A^A Mixtures
ft^ &Zfi Ir^wV ¦''J^^V^^^^^Ss. Jintich are so swell and worn
/ill Ziyi 6/ m^W VWWi 'l\ hlJ aU . swel1 dressers East, in
/J\ ?/W tNIA. 9 \m\ y -\\Wfi^^mW,'m. the sin £ le or double breasted
¦ m\\\ sack, cleverly tailored.
¥^UC\Mr6M VMII'II #i/Af*V AMONG THESE suUsyouwill
(,r" : i W WWlilra ™ U ™.fin,d the Bark' Oxford
W^ +* iVftL, v3i& tT^'^S^^^il/lAl^S^J Mixtures, which are so swell at
\V\/ : ir^^^J^7 present; brand new fall styles,
\ "/ /*T%M /V^MJSfaW W0W and in this £ reat drive f° r Frl ~
\AJL-M&ZM0®<7^ S^.S§^xt^A\\^ day and Saturda >y ai
\- W% \\ i"*-'^|Sa1i5^'S'^KE_J r r<! in the new broken checks and
> -^>7 % W%r the Suit.
Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue;
! MAGNUS
|i We are showing some
a Magnificent Gowns for
I $1.00
M Made of Muslin or Cam-
|| brie, neatly trimmed with
B Embroidery or Lace.
I I. MAGNIN & GO
|| 84O Market SireM,
M OPPOSITE FOURTH. .
pi " "Manufacturers of Bridal "and In-
R fants' Outfits.