NORTH GERMAN LLOYD STEAMSHIP BREMEN; BURNED IN THE HOBOKEN FIRE.
While .the loss to. the; North German Lloyd Company, is a tremendous one in money and three of their vessels are
destroyed, Mr. Capelle, the resident agent, says that there will be no interruption of their service, and that passen
gers who had secured berths on the vessels destroyed will be provided for as if nothing had happened.
NEW* YORK, July 1.— The loss on the
steamship properties and other
companies estimated to-night is
approximately as follows:
The steamship Main of the North
German Lloyd line cost $1,500,000 outside of
the cargo, fitting and stores. The less is
placed at $1,290 ,000 for the vessel and about
$400.0ij0 for the fitting and stores and the
cargo that was aboard of her.
The steamship Bremen of the North
German Lloyd line cost $1,250.00!) and her
fittings and cargo were valued at $300,000.
The c.irRo and stores were entirely con
sumed und the loss to the vessel proper
will amount to at least $750,000. She ia
benched oft We'ehawken to-night and still
smoldering, apparently destroyed ex
cepting her machinery.
The Saale. the steamship which wili
have the most horrible story of death to
unfold when the divers go down In her.
cost the North German Lloyd Company
$1,250,000. and the fittings and cargo jvere
valued at ?.">GO,000. The Saale Is beached at
Ellis Island and still burning. The dam
age to the vessel proper is placed at about
$S0O,POO. / ¦
The damage done to the Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse is estimated at $23,000.
The three docks of the German line,
which were burned to the water's edge,
are estimated to have cost $300,000. The
decks were filled with merchandise ju3t
received from abroad and valued at $350,
000.
The Thingvalla pier, which was entirely
consumed, was valued at $50,000. counting
the stores which were on__it. The Ham
burg-American line dock, which had Just
been completed as an extension to their
great pier and which was destroyed in
order to prevent the spread of the names,
was damaged to the extent of $15,000. This
was the only loss they sustained, as the
steamer Phoenicia, contrary to reports,
was not even scorched.
The warehouses of Palmer Campbell,
houses K, F. G and H/were burned. Mr.
Campbell said to-night that he could not
give a definite estimate of his losses, but
the damage to buildings alone would
amount to at least $00,000 and the Contents
to $1,250,000. Had the fire occurred at any
other time in the year, he said, the loss
would have been much greater, as just at
the present time the imports are very
lignt and the houses ,were not well filled.
This statement accounts for the compara
tively small loss on the three piers of the
North German Lloyd line. One lighter
containing 5000 bags of sugar was de
stroyed, the loss being $27,000.
Barges and Canal Boats Lost.
Eight barges and eleven canal boats
were either burned or sunk with their car
goes. Total valuation, $123,000.
The Hoboken Shore Railroad had a num
ber of cars burned and other property
damaged. Loss $7000.
Minor losses on floating property, burned
at the fire proper or set on fire by burning
driftwood, will amount to about $20,000.
The personal losses sustained by those
aboard the steamships can simply be sur
mised, as there is no way of ascertaining
this at the present time.
Freight Manager Bonner said to-night
that the Main had about 5000 tons of cargo
in her hold. Of this there were- 2000 tons
of grain, 1000 tons of slag, about 3000 bales
of cotton and general merchandise. The
Saale had a full cargo. Including copper,
and general merchandise, but the. Bremen
had hardly any cargo. aboard. .' ; ~ .'
"I believe," Mr. Bonner said, "that tha
loss to the car^o on the three ships will
exceetl $1,000,000. Aa to the loss of cariro
on the piers, it is difficult to estimate,
for there was both inward and outward
bound cargo there.
"The greatest damagvs_0n the careo of
the Saale. will be that done by the wa
ter. I believe the hull of the Saale below
the waterline is all right and also her
engines. In a visit to the Bremen we
found that whi^e the hull is in good shape,
apparently, the cargo is lost. The Bremen
has a list to port and there is some dan
ger that she may break if she Iist3 fur
luer. Th« Alain, like the Bremen. wa»
still burning when I was there."
Gustav Schwab, the agent of the North
German Lloyd Stemshlp line, said:
"Things are Jn a very unsettled condi
tion as yet and I have been hard at work
to-day gathering up the end3. I nave
been on a tour of inspection this morning
and In a tug visited all three of the
wrecked vessels, as well as the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. She will leave on
her regular trip Tuesday at 10 p. m.
"The Saale was the first vessel we vl»-
Ited. From there -we went to the Bremen
and the Main. Both of the vessels are
still burning. I should not say that any
of tlie vessels would be a total loss. They
look worse from the outside than they
really are. After they are pumped out
we can tell better what the loss will be.
Both the Bremen and the Suale are. how
ever, pretty badly damaged. "Wrecking
companies are working on the Saale and
she will be pumped out as soon as possi
ble.
"I will not give any figures, nor can I
estimate what the amount will be. The
loss on the ships will be estimated by the
home office. We received a cablegram
from them asking for Information. The
home office knows the value of the shifts.
I can only guess roughly at — e cost. Tho
piers In Hoboken are all insured in local
companies, but I do not feel that I can
give the names of the companies.
"There was on the pier a quantity of,
car^b. TYhlch, of course, was destroyed.
we are not responsible for the carico,
either on the ship or on the piers. :
"The cargo on the pier comprised cot
ton, machinery, measurement goods, to
bacco, cement and general merchandise."
WILL NOT PERMIT THE
RESCUE OF AMERICANS
¦
Special Cable to The Call • and New Tork
Herald. CopyrlRht. 1500, by ths Jierald
Publishing . Company.
SHANGHAI. July 1.— General Yuon Shih
Kan, who is bitterly anti-foreiprn but com
mands the best foreign-drilled troops- in
China, has notified the German Governor
of Kiao Chan that he will not permit a
German party, as proposed, to proceed
to Wehsln to rescue American mission
aries there.
who have been shut off from the outside
world since June 9. and every available
man from the ships is being taken ashore.
The allied forces now at Taku and Tien
tsin are awaiting reinforcements' before
moving on Peking, as it is estimated that
50,000 troops are -required.
The Tsungr 1^1 Yamen on June 19 ordered
the Ministers to leave Peking the next
day. They refused to go and threw the
responsibility for their safety on the
Tsung Li Yamen. It is believed that the
powers will threaten to destroy the im
perial tombs if injury befall the legations.
The foreign force In Peking for the pro
tection of the legations numbered 42S men.
of whom fifty-six are Americans from
the Orecon and Newark with Colts gun.
under Captain Meyers. The other officers
are Captain Hill and Dr. T. M. LJppitt.
commanders at Taku are now concentrat
ed on the relief of foreigners in Peking,
CHEFU, June 30.— All the thoughts
and energies of the naval and military
Special Cable to The Call and Xew Tork
Herald. Copyright. IM0. by the Herald
Publishing Company. : HY-
tsin to Taku are simply lined with dead
Chinese. ,
The landing party from the first-class
British barbette ship Barfleur. sustained
the heaviest casual !?ep; of .all' the "British
i-hips. ' "¦•" A ¦*" "t " * ".
The Chinese fort on Pel Ho, twelve
miles from Taku, has been blown up by
the torpedo boat destroyer Fame under
Commander Keys.
The correspondent of the Times at
Shanghai, telegraphing on Sunday, says:
"Dispatches from Tsing Tau report a
serious attack upon German railway engi
neers at Kauml. The Europeans escaped,
but many Chinese were killed and much
property was destroyed. The memorial
church at Yeh Chan Fu has been burned.
The missionaries at TsininR have been or
dered to leave by the Mandarins. The ad
vance of troops from Taku is hampered
by the lack of cavalry transport."
TIENTSIN ARSENAL
TAKEN BY ASSAULT
of Port Arthur and commander in chief
of the Russian forces in the east, has
arrived on his way to Tientsin, taking
supremo command of .the Russian forces
landed to; date. _»- V,'
. ''Germany hai 44 oncers and 1400 men.
Great Britain 1S4 officers and 1700 men.
Austria 12 officers and 127 men. America
20 officers and 329 men. France 17 officers
and 3S7 men, Italy 7 officers and 131 men,
Japan 119 officers and 3709 men. and Rus
sia 117 officers and 5817 men. with a total
of 53 field sruns and 36 machine cuns."
ALL THOUGHTS CENTER
ON RELIEF OF PEKING
Every Available Man
• From the Ships Is
Being Landed.
Marines Capture Power
ful Posi lion .From
the Boxers.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 1.— Vice Ad
miral Alltxieff telegraphs to the Minister
of War, General Kouroptakine, from
Taku. under date of June 2S, via Port
Arthur, June 30, as follows: N
"The arsenal of Tientsin, which of
fered a powerful base of operations for
the Boxers, who have greatly damaged
the European town, has been taken by
assault.''
LONDON, July 2, 12:45 a. m.-A . dis
patch from Admiral Bruce to the Admir
alty, via Chefu under date of June 30,
says:
"The conduct of Commander Stewart of
the Aljjcrine and Commander Hause of
the Gorman gunboat lltis at the bom
bardment of the Taku forts was magnifi
cent, and elicited the admiration of the
allied ships. The river route to Tientsin,
fifty-one miles from Taku. is now open.
The railway held is now nine miles from
Tientsin. The road inward is not quite
safe, and communication with Tientsin ia
difllcult.
"A fort thirteen miles above Taku was
found deserted by Lieutenant Com
mander Keyes, and was blown up, leav
ing the passage up the river, free. Lieu
tenant Commander Keyes reports that
the arsenal at Tientsin was captured on
June 29 by the naval brigade.- The losses
were live killed. Lieutenant Colomb
slightly .wounded and a gunner and twen
ty-one men wounded. There are no
further details.'
"Warrender is in charge of all our forces
on the river and lines of communication.
Vice Admiral AliexicfT, Governor General
•3 Boatswain's Mate Holyoke.
f Machinist Handford
y Landsman Kellisky.
O Cadet Taussig.
| Captain McCalla.
9 Fireman Row?.
i Landsman Garrity.
® Coxswain Ryan.
Quartermaster Conway.
Coxswain McClay.
Fireman Flaherty.
Seaman Lloyd.
Staman Child.
Seaman Anderson.
Seaman Jansen. >
Seaman Bolrnuller, '
Seaman McKervey.
Coxswain Thomas Linbohm.
Apprentice Johnson.
Apprentice Basmussen.
Apprentice Welch.
Private 0:\i«ff.
"ROGERS."
Coxswain McCIay's name could not be found on the rolls. Possibly he had been transferred from some other ship
9 since the rolls were returned. The name McKervey also is not to be found on the rolls. The records of the killed, as
I shown at the Navy Department, are as follows:
O Thomas Thomas enlisted at Mare Island in 1S99. He was born In Copenhagen In 1560. His next of kin is Mrs. T. Lan-
I nigan of COS South Front street, Philadelphia.
q Benjamin Benson was born in Mandahl; Norway, in 1&74. Next of kin, Mrs. Anna Benson, mother, living at Man
¦ dahl, Norway.
• Harry A. Broman was born in Duluth. Minn., in 1SS2. Next of kin Ida M. Broman, mother, living at 1427 West Su
® perior street. Duluth, Minn. _, »
I - Harry Severson was born in Norway in, 1878 ana enlisted at Chicago. Next of kin Laurence Severson, father, liv
© iniT at inai \w<»t Ahinsin avenue. Chicatro.
said to-day that there was nothing now
to do but to follow out the course the
State • Department has already . adopted,
namely, to have the United States Con
suls ,nut themselves into communication
with the Viceroys of th'e province?, treat
ing the central government at Pekine as
incapacitated for administrative work,
end meanwhile doing all in their power to
protect the . foreigners in their respective
districts. The signs of amicable disposi
tion on the part of these Viceroys is
probably the basis for the hope that they
c:in be kiduced at least to stand neutral
and keep their own provinces in order
i< it shall be necessary to direct hostilities
energetically against the Peking Govern
ment.
This Government has not yet regarded
the developments as demanding the as
sembling of Congress in extraordinary
session to declare war, and it is possible
that the dispatch of more reinforcements
to China from Manila and the United
States may not require Congressional ac
tion, as long: as the object is strictly to
succor Americans in distress and danger.
While there was no formal Cabinet
council to-day. Secretary Hay had with
him iit various times members of the
Cabinet for the discussion of the condi
tion of affairs in China. It is understood
no change of policy was determined upon.
Minister Wu said to-night that he had
not received anv dispatches during the
day from any part of China.
BRITISH LOSSES IN
SEYMOUR'S COLUMN
Thirty-Seven Men Were
Killed and Ninety-
Two Wounded.
[Special Cable to the New Tork Itoald. Copy
right, 19C0, by New York Herald Com
pany. Kepubllcatlon of this dispatch is
prohibited. AH rights reserved in the
Unit«*-t?tates and Great Britain.]
LONDON', July 2.— These advices from
its special correspondent are published by
the Daily Telegraph:
SHANGHAI. Sunday, July l.-The Brit
ish losses in Admiral Seymour's column
were 37 British killed and 92 wounded. *>
Captain G. W. Beyts, royal marine ar
tillery of the first-class barbettp shiD Cen
turion, was killed and Captain J. R. Jelli
coe, royal navy, of the same vessel was
dangerously wounded. Lieutenant Powcil
of the armored cruiser Aurora was se
verely wounded in the chest.
Admiral Seymour captured Maxim
gun?, some Krupp guns and Immense
stores of ammunition. The allies "burned
the villages between Taku and Tientsin
so as to destroy cover for the enemv.
The banAS of Pel Ho River from Tien-
BOATSWAIN'S MATE THOMAS. GUNNER'S MATE BENSON. APPRENTICE BKOMAN.
LANDSMAN SEVERSON.
ia/ounded:
KILLED.
WASHINGTON*. July 1.— The following message was received to-day at the Navy Department:
"CHEFi:, July 1.— Secretary of the Navy, Washington: The following telegram is from Kempft:
" "Casualties relief expedition, June 23:
AMERICANS WHO FELL IN
THE FIGHTING AT TIENTSIN
The United States Legation building, now known to have been destroyed by the Chinese, was a handsome house
in the center of a fine garden arid was often ti.e scene of merry gatherings as w ell as important consultations.
THE BURNED AMERICAN LEGATION AND THE MURDERED GERMAN MINLTiR.
text is withheld, but the Consul states In
substance as follows:
"It is rumorpd in Shanghai that the Ger
man Minister to Pekinp. Baron von Ket
teler, was killM at Peking on the l?th of
June. On the 23d of June three of the le
gation buildings were still standing. The
others have been burned. On the 2fith of
June a dispatch was received at Shanghai
I from Yung Lu (believed to be the Viceroy
I of the province. of Chi-Li, where the prin-
I cipal troubles h*ve occurred) stating that
'the other Ministers were safe."
Dispatches to Shanghai from different
i sources indicate that Prince Tuan. father
' cf the heir apparent, seems to be absolute
j ly in control at Peking-, and that his atti-
I tude Is the worst possible and most hostile
I to foreigners. It is even said that he is
| sued an edict as far back as the 20th of
' Jiinp ordering all °f the Viceroys to attack
i the foreigners in their respective provinces
—an order which has so far not been
S ol ?yed.
*
VICEROYS EXPECTED f
TO REMAIN NEUTRAL
Plan to Deal Directly
With Them Will Be
Carried Out.
WASHINGTON, July l.-To-day's ad
vices to the State Department, made up
«.f two cablegrams from Consul General
Goortnow at Shanghai, brought the For
eign Ministers nt Peking along one day
further In safety, showing- that they were
all : live with the probable exception of
the Merman Minister, who/lt seems like
ly, ha* been murdered. Some encourage'
mem is 5*rawn by the officials from the
fact that the other Ministers were alive
on the latter date, for the officials believe
that the diplomatic corps at Peking could
not have been preserved through the fury
of the first stages of the outbreak only
to fall victims to sober second thought.
There 53 a!so at least the indication that
the Chinese Government itself was pro
tecting them. On the other hand, the
statementthat the notoriously anti-foreign
Prince Tuan was in complete control at
Peking was rogardod as an exceedingly
grave development, and as tending to fix
clearly the responsibility for the hapoen
lngs» of the past three weeks directly upon
the Peking Government. An ameliorating
condition Is the refusal of the great Vlce
royp, themselves of almost absolute Dow
er In their provinces, to be controlled
from Pekine In their attitude toward for
eigners.
A high official of the State Department
S~\HA.NGHAI, July i. — The British Consul at Chcfu tclc-
V, graphs that Baron von Ketteler, German Minister at Pe
\^_J king, was murdered by native troops on June 18. Three
Itgatians — it is not stated which — were still undestroyed
on June 2$. The American Consul )iere says that Yunh Lu telc
;grafhe'd on June 26 that the other Ministers were safe that
morning. The situation zias desperate and he doubted zvhether
the Ministers could hold out twenty-four hours longer, as he and
¦ the. Empress could not longer give protection.
LONDON, July* 2.— Official dispatches received by the con
sular body at Shanghai, an Express cable dated Shanghai, July
j, says, confirm in the fullest manner the report of the butch
crx of Baron von Ketteler, the German Minister, on June 18.
¦.The Embdssador was riding in Legation street zi'licn he was at
tacked by Chinese troops and Boxers, dragged from his horse
and killed. '¦ His body zvas hacked to pieces zvith swords. The
German legation and six other buildings were burned and a
number of servants of the legations killed and their bodies thrown
hit 0 .'the flames.
m
Official confirmation of this ghastly business has created
:':c utmost consternation among the Consuls General of ihe
powers. zJho expressed fears that z<ar a 1' out ranee zvill be dc
rtcrca against the Peking Government. The Consuls entertain
little Jwpic ikat any foreigners arc left alive in the capital. There
zvcrcioO: foreigners connected zi'ith the legations, fifty in the
'¦Custom-house, English and American tourists and others to the
¦ number of Jjd, and nearly 500 legation guards.
A disfiztcli to the Express from Nankin, June 30, says:
"French priests here have received reports from Peking that
public executions of foreigners have been in progress since June
2d... The nezi'S comes by runners from French priests at Pe
king^ z'vho state that they administered the last rites to the con
demned men."
: Nankin cables, dated Sunday, say that Viceroy Liu Yun
Yifi rcceiz'cd a telegram ftom General Yulu on Saturday stat
ing that the German Minister had been murdered at Peking.
Yulu, who escaped from^Ticntsin to Pao Ting Fu, also wired:
"Position desperate. Implore your help. Foreign troops of
icightr nationalities entering Peking to the number of 50,000 or
40.000. 1 cannot hold out four days."
Liu Yun Yih has received this from the Viceroy of Yun
shiki:- .' . .'¦
"Foreign troops victorious at Tientsin. They zvill enter
Peking immediately."
LONDON. July 2, 5 a. m.— Outbreaks
of the Boxers appear to be imrai
n'-nt a 1 Canton. The feeling of un
¦¦ -¦ Kteadily increases. Boxers from
Ii;ns Tu were marching on Sunday
ion Che*;: Tlie Governor feared for the
town an<] ie»t to the warships for force?.
A 5ma!l r: t, occurred at Chefu on Satur
day. -'• ¦. •-'".-. ' •
Fifty-two refugee? who have arrived
from Kiochfing aver that the Boxers
hare destroyed the railway north of Port
Arthur and xY.-.x. all the American and
Knjrllsh'- residents are leaving. General
Yunnfhihikan. ocRimandinj? the best for
<-igri-drtlfed 'tmop? t n China, has notified
the Gcnnaii.G-ivrrn'ir. ol Kiaoobau that
he Win nnt perrriit tt O.Germans' proposed
expedition" to^WelhsIea to rescue Chalfont
end ; the Aliases Bf.w'n and KawesJ the
Amftri'-aa: inissionrrirs Jn the hands of
tbf Boxerr. Tho mtesfon&rfcs at Pao Ting
l"u ¦o-crc reported to be. safe on June 25.
\ : - A Vnrrc.*porident in S:.qrighai learns
from official- sources' that tbe Chinese arc
liyiig- torpedoes jbetwetjn Shanghai and
the Kian!? Nan arsenal. Agents of the
'Ppxfre are bjisy,' In \ Shanghai provoking
iftatrftd of foreigners.
Xo;hin!r.h3.sr»c-en heard from t>i column
¦whic?i relieved Ajimiral Seymour ? lV e days
ego nn<l then proceeded toward Peking;
;J>ut -ss it take* at, leapt two days ti com
•.R»unlraie : : 'between Tientsin a.nd '."hr-fu
there is potpin* extraordinary In this.
T r o<rji-^ ' ntp sofng ' forward from Takt to
iTiestsin aiiily,- Though some reports fn m
r f.: : kis allege that.lt will be three weeks
Ikfc-re a larfce foreft can be rent to Peking.
! A to the Daily Mail from Tor.3
K»i. Tvi'hoin .late, via Chefu, Friday, Bays:
¦ "Ir 1* improper 'any longer to conceal
!tij« liarm ilone-tothecajite of the allies
[hf-thm'b&kfaaxVEkca noA'-jflOMge of the Rus
sians on the-day after the bombardment.
iTheyl varilcniy Fhot natives and looted
lev.erjrthing. including the European houses
Jn. ;Tiiku. TTlie ¦' natives for miles around
;\yf re , looted- for supplies.'*
i Th*» rnoming paper? generally accept the
brcjfiork. that Karon von Ketteler has been
fytil&i ntid -exp.rtsa prave uncertainty as
jto**cfeetb*f-"'any of the members of the le
gtCtiosis at Peking are fafe.
PRINCE TUAN NOW\
:; SUPREME At PEKING
.WASHINGTON, July 1.— Two Inportant
cablegrams, were received by lecretary
Kay to-day from United St.ate\ Consul
General Goodhow at Shanghai. Ihe date
iu Understood to be that of last nl|at. The
Ordered Viceroys \to At
tack Foreigners in
; I All Provinces!
When i: Last Heard From Other
Foreign Representatives in Pe
king Were in Dire Peril.
ONLY THREE LEGATIONS SPARED
Reported Murder of Baron
Vpn Ketteler Confirmed
bV; Official Advices.
....... ¦ , .....
GERMAN MINISTER WAS
SLAIN BY CHINESE TROOPS
TO ~T ElV YORK, July I. — The losses sustained in the fire at
I \ / * ne docks of the North German Lloyd Steamship
C 7 Company in Hoboken yesterday arc to-night conscn'a
tiyely placed at nearly ten million dollars; the loss of life
— merely guess zcork at even this late hour — will reach; proba^
My as high as 200, and there arc over 300 men in the, hospitals
in this city, Hoboken. and Jersey City badly bunted. ! .
Up to 11 o'clock to-night eighteen bodies had been recovered.
Eleven of these were placed in a rozvat the morgue in this city
and numbered, this being the only means the authorities have of
maintaining any sort of identity over the corpses, as they arc so
badly charred and dismembered that identification zvill be made
only by trinkets or pieces of clothing that were found about the
bodies. The only way the steamship officials have of approxi
mating the loss of life is by comparing the list of those reported
safe with the list of the employes on the steamships. ;.- "-..'
Late to-night Gustavc Schwab, the general agent of the
North German Lloyd line, gave out a list showing what; men on
cad: zrsscl had been missing up to that hour.
i, On the Saale 2jj men zverc employed and only 13 7 of these
had been accounted for up to 11 o'clock, leaving 128 men actual
ly enf ployed as officers, sailors, stczvards, engineers, coal pass
ers, oilers and trimmers to be accounted for. ": .
The Bremen had 204 men on board, but only 12 7 of these
have been found. The Main had 137 employes on board at tlie
time, and of these only seventy-six have been reported safe..'.
>* -. A spectacular but horrible sight zvas presented to-day.
Where, ''two days ago, piers reached hundreds of feet out into the
river and rose like great hills alive zi'ith outgoing and incoming
commerce, lay a great zcastc of burning and smoldering beams,
zi'ith here and there a remnant of a high brick wall. The three
immense piers of the North German Lloyd line zvere burned to
the waters' ripple, the Thingvalla pier lay smoldering, and a
part of the Hamburg-American pier, which had just been add
ed to their great piers,- were in ruins. Four large storehouses
of the Palmer Campbell Company are wrecked, and they, with
the piers, zvent to make up the appalling mass of debris, smoking,
sizzling and steaming. It covers over four city blocks and
reaches out into the river for over a thousand feet.
The loss of life will probably prove greatest when the wreck
of the Saalc has been searched. Already a number of bodies
have been taken off, and as soon as the fire in the hold has sub
sided there is cz'cry probability that many bodies will be found
belozv decks. Various tugboat captains claim to have seen
thirty or forty persons in one compartment just before the
Saalc went down.
Waste of Smoldering v Ruins Marks
the Site of the North German
Lloyd's Wharves.
PROPERTY LOSS IS TEN MILLIONS
Eighteen Bodies Recovered
., at the Scene of the
Conflagration; :¦
HOBOKEN'S DEAD MAY
NUMBER TWO HUNDRED
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.
VOLUME I/XXXVIII— NO. 32.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL."His action in the convention four years
ago puta him in , disfavor in the whole
West," said Judge J. M. Murphy. "We
favor the nomination of Mr. Towne. If
he cannot be ,nominated then we believe
the nomination should go to >f ew York
Congressman Suizer is much liked"
The contesting delegates from Montana,
representing the Marcus Daly, faction of
the party in that State, arrived to-day
the party including Governor Smith, for
mer Senator Martin Maginnis and ex-
Congressman Hartman. Until the Mon
tana contest is settled by the National
Committee no formal plan of action will
he mapped out by the delegation in re
gard to the platform or the ,Vice-Presi
dential nomination. Towne is,. however
a warm favorite for the nomination, with
perhaps Congressman Suizer of New
York for second choice.
on the ticket if placed in nomination Mr
Gahan and W. H. Hinrichsen of Illinois
to-day held a long-distance telephone
conversation with Mr. Harrison, who is
at. his home in Chicago, and asked him
for the authority to present his name to
the convention. Mr. Harrison refused
flatly. Outside of the candidacy of Mr
Harrison the Illinois delegation feels
friendly to Shiveley of Indiana.
Members of the Arizona delegation who
arrived to-day, were pronouncedly in
favor of the nomination for Vice Presi
dent of Towne.. Should his nomination
not be possible, then Congressman Suizer
is favored. As to the platform, an ex
plicit-declaration in favor of free sliver
is favored, although a simple reafflrma
tion of the Chicago platform would be
satisfactory to the Arizona men.
The delegates are strongly against the
nomination of Hill. *
Democratic Convention May Stampede to the
Former New York Senator as the Repub
licans Did to Roosevelt.
By O. G. CARLTON.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July I.— Confusion reigns in the Democratic camp to-night and the issue of David B.
Hill's visit to Bryan at Lincoln to-day is awaited with expectancy by the public and with some anxiety
and apprehension by various Vice Presidential candidates. Hill arrived here to-day dramatically, but.
after a brief stay, made his exit so quietly that even his associates of. the New York delegation were un
aware of his absence until the train was speeding on its way to Lincoln. Hill was called by an urgent telegram from
Bryan. On this visit momentous issues depend, viz., shall the platform be modified to placate New York? -And
as the price of this, will Hill consent to be a. candidate, for Vice President? :
The hotel lobbies are fullof this sort of speculation to-nighL ' Dispatches quote Senator White of California as
having said he had received authoritative advice ;to the effect Hill would be a candidate provided an absolute i6-.to-i
plank were avoided by the convention. Senator White is not here to deny this report, for the California delegation. will
not arrive until to-morrow night, but those best posted declare with great positiveness' that Hill would under no cir
cumstances consent to accept the nomination for Vice President; He is looking forward to 1004, when he hopes to
lead the Democratic hosts to victory. Others declare with equal positiveness that Hill's personal disinclination is a sec
ondary consideration; that he will be nominated nolens volens, like Roosevelt, and that Hill will be compelled to stand
by his famous declaration, "I am a Democrat." State leaders in all directions appear to have determined that Hill
shall be nominated. The stampede of Republicans for Roosevelt at Philadelphia is fresh in the minds of the -.
Democracy, and they hope to instate this Republican performance and stampede the convention to Hill, who will be
too good a Democrat to decline.
Will Bryan consent to a modification of the platform? If so, will Hill accept the call of the Democratic hosts
and accept the Vice Presidential nomination? Some politicians who have the confidence of Bryan and others who
are close to Hill declare with positiveness that Bryan will under no circumstances consent to anything short of a
16-to-i declaration, and that Hill would not agree to accept the Vice Presidential nomination, even if 'Bryan should
consent. The Call's correspondent -received to-night from a prominent politician who visited Lincoln within a day
or two most reliable and definite information that Bryan will force the 16-to-i issue and wants Towne for his running
mate. There is no doubt of this. If any confirmation were needed, the action of the Nebraska delegation favorable
to Towne would be sufficient. Bryan scarcely hopes to carry New York or any other Eastern State, while he feels
confident that States like Michigan, Illinois, Nebraska, Kansas and others in which Populists hold balance of
power can be carried for Bryan and Towne.
• Senator Jones agrees with him in this, and so do many other Democratic leaders, but ex-Governor W. J.
Stone of Missouri is a dissenter, and' for this reason the New York and other Eastern delegations threaten to de
pose Jones as chairman of the National Committee and boost Stone into his place. This promises to be one of the -
warmest fights of this convention. If Bryan turns Hill down, as predicted by the knowing ones, the question then
arises, Will the Democratic convention defer to the wishes of Mr. Bryan" and nominate a Populist as his running
mate? >
"Yes, declare rampant Bryanites.
"No," yell the New Yorkers. "The East wants no anarchistic ticket. Democracy must not be hitched up with
Populism."
The Call correspondent is enabled to state on authority that Hill's candidate is Elliott Danforth of New York,
and the New York delegation is declaring with emphasis to-night that the convention is not only wild for Hill, but if
the latter declines and wants Danforth nominated the convention will do his bidding.
Thus there are three anxious factions awaiting news from Lincoln — the Bryan and Towne men, the Hill
(or Danforth) crowd and the fellows who hope that Shiveley of Indiana may be selected as a compromise candidate.
But the most interesting gossip of to-night is heard around the headquarters of the Eastern delegations. It is
nothing short of startling expressions of doubt whether Bryan, seeking to dictate both platform and running mate,
will not be himself turned down by the convention. The Bryanites pooh-pooh this suggestion, but the New Yorkers
truthfully point to the fact that underlying Bryan's great personal popularity is the prevailing doubt of the wisdom of
nominating Bryan on a i6-to-i platform.
"It means certain defeat," declare the New Yorkers. "You can't hope to win without New York and other
Eastern States."
"Will Bryan. weaken? No." Representative Richardson of Tennessee, Democratic leader in the House of
Representatives, brought this positive information from Lincoln to-day. He and Chairman Jones and other leaders
went into a conference. Various modifications of the silver plank were proposed, but to each Richardson declared "16
to I or nothing." Angry expostulations were then heard. and declarations were made that unless Bryan would stand
on the platform of the Democratic party he could not be its candidate for President.
It is stated on most excellent authority to-night that Bryan sent word to-day he would not accept the nomina
tion unless the convention declared unequivocally for 16 to i. Governor Thomas of Colorado saw Bryan and
brought his ultimatum to Kansas City.
"I am not in a position to say what ac
tion the Wisconsin delegation will take "
said he. "1 have had very little communi
cation with the members of the delega
tion, and until we get together and talk
over the situation It would be useless for
me to nay whom we will support for the
nomination. The full delegation will not
'1 he Senator went on to speak in the
most kindly terms of Mr. Suizer, saylnjr
that ho would be a (rood candidate
The advance guard of the Wisconsin
delegation, headed by Mayor Rose of Mil
waukee nnd J. M. Clancy of Madison, who
holds National Committeeman Wall's
proxy, arrived to-day. Mayor Rosa was
non-committal on the question of ,the
Vire Presidential nomination.
As to the candidacy of Mr. Suizer, the
Xew Yorkers take the same position thev
do regarding every other New York man
who is mentioned for Vice President.
"If the convention wants him," said
Senator Murphy, "New York will support
him.
If he does, asserted one i,cw Yorker,
"you will see Hill rhalrraan of the com
mittee. But that -will depend upon the
result of the conference at Lincoln."
During the day there was some talk
about the differences between Croker and
Hill. Some of the pronounced anti-Hill
men Sn the New York contingent are said
to be urging Croker to turn Hill down for
everything, not even to give him one of
the minor committee places. Van Wyck
and Hill are both anxious to represent
New York on the resolutions committee.
Van Wyek has already drafted a plat
form, which he has been showing to dif
ferent delegates. In case of a clash be
tween .these men it Is said that Croker
could control the delegation for Van
Wyck, but the belief is that in the Inter
est of harmony he will erive Hill what he
wants and that the ex-Senator will serve
on the resolutions committee.
The New York leaders who are known
as the Croker faction did not meet ex-
Senator Hill after their arrival in the city.
Mr. Croker, ox-Senator Murphy and Judge
VanjWyck had conferences with Senator
Jon*? and other Democratic leaders dur
insrihe day. but little developed regarding
either the platform or the Vice Presiden
tial candidates. <;, .
"Will New York support Hill for Vice
Pn^Mont?" Mr. Murphy was asked.
"Yes. if the convention wants him, and
he would be a strong candidate, too. Up
has strenRth throueh the State and would
poll a good vote. The organization would
give him hearty and loyal support If he
should be named. New York is not pre
senting any candidate, but will support
any one the convention wants."
Mayor McGuire of Syracuse passed
through the city early to-day en route
to Lincoln, Nebr.. to call upon Mr. Bryan.
Before he left Syracuse he received a
telegram from Mr. Bryan requesting him
to come to Lincoln before he went to the
convention. Mayor McGuire favors the
nomination of former Governor Hill for
Vice President. <- V.:
"As to the platform," continued Mr.
Danforth in response to Inquiries, "the
position of the New York Democracy was
very well defined in our State platform.
Our people, by the attitude of their rep
resentatives in that convention, are not
in favor of having the platform adopted
by the Kansas City convention emphasize
a declaration that the money issue is of
paramount importance. Personally I gave
cheerful and cordial support to the can
didates and platform of 1896 and. I will
gjve the same earnest support to the can
didates and platform of 19oO. To my mind
new issues of vital importance not alone
to the Democratic party but also to the
people of the United States, without refer
ence to party affiliations, have arisen.
These issues will be pressed to the front
in the approaching campaign, not so
much, perhaps, because they are set out
In political platforms aa because they are
the issues in which the people themselves
are most deeply interested."
"In the 'ordinary acceptation of the
term," said 31r. uanfortn, "1 am not a
candidate for the Vice Presidency or for
any other office. Our delegation is not
here yet— at least all of the members are
not— and as no conference has been held
by the delegates no course of action has
been mapped out. I should bo pleased to
be a candidate, for Vice President with
Mr. Bryan, but 1 am not seeking the nom
ination and shall not, believing that the
convention will do that which is wisest
and best.
Klliott DanforUi of New i'ork was one
of the early callers to-day at the apart
ments of former Governor Hill. He dm not
see Mr. Hill, as the latter already had left
for Lincoln.
So far as the free silver issue was con
cerneu. Dr. Cosby saic!. the platform had
not been discussed and he uid not know
Mr. Croker's opinion on that matter.
"les, benator Will. 1 Know these are
Mr. Croker's sentiments. The platform,
as adopted by the convention will be our
platform."
"Tammany rather favors the nomina
tion for the Vice Presidency of a man.
from a ciose Western State, say Ohio or
Indiana," said Dr. Cosby. "But whoever
the convention in its wisdom sees tit to
nominate will receive loyal support and
we will expect to win with him. Benja
min Shiveley of Indiana would make a
nrst-class man. But any one, so long as
he is a good Democrat."
"Senator Hill, lor instance?"
KANSAS CITY, July 1.— Richard Croker;
Dr. Cosby, Health Commissioner of Xew
York City; former Senator Murphy, An
drew Freedman and other leaders of Tam
many Hall were the tirst of the New York
delegation to appear. They arrived this
morning fatigued from the long railway
ride and remained in their apartments
most of the day. Mr. Croker and Senator
Murphy, however, visited the convention
hall during the afternoon. Neither would
talk on politics.
Diversity of Opinions as to
Platform and Vice Presi
dential Nominees.
DELEGATES AT SEA
ON THE MAIN ISSUES
! "Will 'Mr. B«-yan be consulted as to_the
I Vice Presidential candidate?"
"I think not. Any one selected by the
i convention will be acceptable to Mr.
Bryan."
Prince David was asked to-day by an
Associated Press representative what rec-
Lbgnftlon the.Hawaiians expected at the
i hands of the convention.
"We certainly expect the convention to
i follow the precdent set by the Republicans
I at Philadelphia, where the island dele
! gates were .permitted to sit among those
from the States," replied the Prince.
"Has your organization any special pur
> pose In- sending a delegation to Kansas
City?"
"We wish to be generally recognized by
i'the people as a part of the United States.
, 1 don't know that we have any spjecial
. purpose other than tliat. The Republicans
| organized and sent delegates to Philadel-
I phia. so those of us having Democratic
¦ tendencies did likewise."
Delegates Stop Over at
Pueblo Instead of Going
to Colorado Springs.
PUEBLO.. Colo., July l.-The California
end Hawaiian delegations to the National
Democratic Convention, arrived here over
the Rip Grande at "p. m. and left by way
of the Santa Fe at midnight. They are
due to arrive at Kansas City at 6:40 p. m.
on Monday. - ;"'¦•"¦'
Owing- to the lateness of the train the
delegation decided to stop over at Pueoio
Instead of going to Colorado Springs. The
rest of five hours was welcome to the par
ty, the time, beinsr devoted to serenading
the city under the guidance of prominent
local Democrats.
Former Congressman Jam<s G. Magulre,
delegate at large from California and rec
ognized as one of the sta richest admirers
of \y. J. Hryan on the Pacilic Coast, was
asked to-day as to the probable action ol
the platform committee at Kfinsas City
concerning a speciric mention of 15 to 1.
"I -would not hazard an opinion on the
FUbjcct." said Mr. Maguiro. •'That is
t-oxnethirg which will come prominently
before' the committee at an early meet
ing."
"Do you think Mr. Bryan's wishes will
be considered in this connection?" was
asked. •
"I. do not" believe Bryan will attempt to
Influence the action of the convention in
the slightest, manner." was the reply.
"The committee on platform will be free
Trithcru regard to outside influences."
"Has California any choice of candidates
for the Vice Presidential nomination?**
"No; California will be in favor of the
candidate: for Vice President who can
command, the strongest. . support in the
Middle Worn, as w* believe the States of
Ohio, Indiana and Illinois will be the great
fcattlosTouhd tn this campaign."
"On what grounds do you base that the
ory?"
"On ' the fact, that these three States
have" a' very • strong German vote, which
•will be cast against the Republican candi
dates next November. The sentiment of
the .Germans of this country has beon
arouecd in; opposition to the administra
tion's policy in dealing' with the Boer vAr.
¦ Furthermore', the imperialistic .policy of
the Republican party is unpopular with
the German voters, a great number of
•whom came to this country to get away
from-Jusr this sort: of thing."
Fi«»cla! Diyra'fb to The Call
BY AMOS J. CUMMINCSi
KANSAS.CJTY, July j.—Like a ma
chine. Slrl Hill; if lie and his
friends are to be believed, has been
ypfjiniiw; a. web- to be inserted In
.the jiroposed Democratic platform.
' Kor is he kh«:bnljr political spider
that has: be,eri thus' employed. In odd cor.
Tiers other great men are at work. Hill's
vroot, however, is' probably the only one
that will; be sui)mlttt-d to Mr. Bryan.
AYiiether It contains bimetallic threads,
income tax texture or is. steeped in a so
lution satisfactory :to those who adore the
fiupreine Court of |tb« United States. Mr.
Bryan's well known convictions and lirm
ncss. preclude all possibility of compro
mises.: Everybody, however, seems to be
lit>ve:that s6nr.e agreement will be reached,
even: if Mr. . Will has .to accept Colonel
Brjan's ultimatiimi Frank Campbell re
'»<Ar 'he whole thins as practically set-
.. v toe VKit at JUr. iiiu to Lincoln,
ant' ;. ¦ 1ir.ts a harmonious convention,
O5>y?hfafeu jy a gi^rious and overwhelm
irs: i:. i-.-ryin the fall.
Mr. Cf'bker makes no prediction, but re
miianeircirt and thoughtful. He takes no
pan .-.; ii»e* struggle lor the Vice Presi
den-.-v. ccstentlsg himself by saying that
«i-:i}- :;> ¦;.:.-:. iatt- .itotiepfable io Mr. iiryan
¦a :<i be - tillable ty Tammany Hall.
T»moiistrative Suizer.
Tfci .T:. m demonstrative of all the candi
rt8.te*,ta -4T- Bulzfer. His visit to Mr.
iryzU bits given him renewed prominence.
¦-»,-¦ ;-;. : ;:n;v:'6iJ . fs - <-ohcJucted by Colonel
: •- r. :C . th?- editor of Tammany's of-
Bdal' :«-:i.. Kulzc* badges and buttons
attired in profusion throughout tne
ci '*¦'.' '¦¦• i- ": pictures art' posted at the side
.-¦f'U:-'r :.r.-Mr. Hryart in all the hotels.
'V.n*-y > i i-«ar in all the elevators and are
ij»ii '. :•;¦. the side of ¦¦ trucks and other
-• c'>:».--- -r- There are wilU shouts for him
a ¦-• : '• ¦ r eorrioriv and even the son of
j.-f<-.ic!sis wearing a Sulzer badge.
•j-^v-; •'-.¦isg statesman is himselt bu
coflfldent of success. If the nom
¦¦ :, .;.;.:• :• . ofttred to Tammany Hall, he
<-i»hJV«; .:- Is. assured of Victory' because
}.;• .'V.i>-ws that h? is ' acceptable to Mr.
'-. -I that he has a positive and de
ti V..-; ;v.--,gth in outside delegations. His
f:.-Seti'r'f-'.;-ti; ing his rooms at the Savoy and
t?:;r«>ir;nolt?evcry visitor. His industry and
p*rtl&acit;& are acknowledged by. all and
fs U -'^t girded ; as a marvelous political
v -'V ¦. "His ' nomination, however, de
peedfl ¦:.*.: irely upon the attitude of Cro
''••,<=..: the most picturesque of the can
(ttdatea loa Vice President is James Ham-
L'.'is of Washington. He claims
.'.is the support of the entire
t :¦¦¦•: h ;. c=i«rh section' of the I'nion. in
ciniiiuj. A'aska. .The fact that Oregon
baa jron** Republican by a surprising ma
i^ri'y doej not militate against his con
v:i :•:;'.'•. the Pueet Sound region
it pow ci'ioyir.g u prosperity unparalleled
«<-> t.> - i .ation cuts no litrure with him.
Ha 5«\ ¦ :hat the relapse is yet to come.
Tr... i: ; ¦¦ t that the people there are cer
latu Lfca* he Mclvinley policy will over
whelm th^in with Asiatic labor and pro
ducts they trill repudiate The Republican
party. He is confident ihat they will be
convinced before November that this is a
fictitious prosperity and really an injury
instead of a blessing-.
l>?v.:« was born in Georgia and claims
Jater.t Southern strength. He talks with
marvelous effect an<i is ever the willing
Eubject of- the interviewer.
Shively the Coming Man.
I3y Many men Shively is regarded as
th*> crttning man. He is the most capti
vating in personal appearance of all the
cardldates. Mr. Shively served several
t«T-.TiF in CojiKreps and 'left an absolutely
rieart record. He has been the candidate
for Governor in Indiana and undoubtedly
would ho acceptable as a compromise be"
tween Mr. lowne and an Eastern aspirant.
The Kastern trains broupht an accession
to the thrones at the hotels and at 10
o'clock the political pot was boiling mer
rily. AH wer»" waiting the. result of the
pilcrimaee if David B. Hill to Mecca. At
midnight he was rr-pnrted . as tramping;
around the Kaiba and pjw-cuiating over
the secret of Mahomet's coffin.
CALIFORNIANS FAVOR
MAN FROM MIDDLE WEST
Compromise May Be Effected, but
Its 'Terms Will Be Dictated by
the Man Who Is Slated to Head
the National Ticket.
Strong Influence Is Being Brought
to Bear Upon the Nebraskan in
the Interest of the Eastern Gold
Element of the Party.
Free Coinage Question the Stum
bling Block in the Way of a
Harmonizing of AH Elements
at the Kansas City Convention.
T T T T T •
Bryan Insists Upon an Unequivo
cal Sixteen-to-One Declaration,
While Eastern Delegates Favor
an Evasion of the Issue.
Indiana made great strides to-day. He
has a respectable boom. That of Hill,
however, eclipses all others, and he is. th"
Roosevelt of this convention. In many
respects the situation resembles that at
Philadelphia.
Hill is the Roosevelt. Shlveley the Dolll
ver, Towne the Long and Suizer the
Woodruff of this convention. Hill is eas
ily the choice of the "anything-to-wln"
Democrat.". He will be nominated -unless
the convention is stopped by himself cr
Bryan. Pennsylvania started the Roose
velt boom at Philadelphia and gave -Hill's,
boom a great boost to-day when all but
six delegates pledged their votes to Hill.
Other States came up with promises l<>
stampede to Hill. More Important still
are the admissions of ex-Senator MurphT
and Kichard Crokcr that they would be
willing to throw their votes to Hill. Thi*
would settle it If Bryan and Hill could
agree on the platform plank. It -would
be distasteful to Hill, but it should not be
forgotten that In 1S94 the New York State
convention stampeded to Hill, for Gover
nor and he accepted the nomination re
luctantly. Another Vice Presidential
boom came tn town to-day. It was that,
of Carter Harrison, Mayor of Chicago.
The Illinois delegation is shouting for him
and Senator Joe Blackburn of -Ken
tucky, whose adviee .is highly regarded
in the councils of thn Democratic party,
declares Carter an admirable candidate.
BOOMS LAUNCHED
FOR SECOND PLACE
Gorman, Hill and Towne
Regarded Among the
Strongest Men.; i]
KANSAS CITY, July 1.— The Democrat
ic .Vice Presidential nomination, is still
for anybody— that is, anybody who can
reach it. Here is' a list to choose from:
William Suizer, Liavid ) R. H1H, !EllioU
Danforth, Judge A. B. Parker, New York;.
Benjamin F.jjhiveley, Indiana; Charles
A. lowne, Minnesota; Carter H. Harrison,.
Illinois; Ber.tun McMHHn. Tennessee;-
James Hamilton Lewis, Washington; Kub
ert A. Pattison, Pennsylvania; Gorman <¦*>£
Maryland; Arthur J. Campau. Micnisnn;
JJavid S. - JRose. „. Wisconsin : ; i_>a.via .Over
meyer, Kansas; William j. Stone- -.Mis-:
sourt; George Fred Williams, £Iassachu-> :
setts. There may be some others, out
these are "mentioned." Some are avowed
candidates and otht-rs are not and same'
do not even expect to be presumed to tftd '
convention. : .. ¦ .• ¦ ¦ .• .. -. • :
The foremost are Suizer and Towne.
Others expect a complimentary vote, but
both of these gentlemen want the nomina
tion, and their friends are working for
them with much earnestness. Friends
of Shiveley are also pressing him, but
the Indiana man Is discouraging. Shiveley
has his eye on a seat. in the Senate, which
is more attractive to him than a, nomina
tion for the Vice Presidency. He does, noc
care to offend his Indiana friends by be
ing churlish regarding the Vice Presi
dency, but he is doing what be can to ¦
discourage the talk about, himself. The
friends of Towne say Shiveley Is not. and,
will not be a candidate. Another man
who is strongly mentioned is Carter H.
Harrison of Chicago. Illinois men say he
prevented the State convention from nam
ing him for Governor or instructing for
him for Vice President. It i3 expected he
will come here and make It plain that ho
does not wish to be a candidate.
Among- the incipient booms launched to
day were those of ex-"Senator Gorman and
Governor McMlllin. Henry D. . Clayton, .
member of the National Committee from
Alabama, talked about Gorman : as an,
available candidate, while BucJc Hinrlch
sen of Illinois was sponsor for McMlllin.
Mr. Clayton said the South would take
very kindly to Mr. Gorman and; although
he was not a sliver man, there was no
doubt about his earnest support of the
party. Hinrichsen and McMUlin' had a
record of twenty years in Congress which
could not be touched and that he was a
vote-getter in other States besides Ten
nessee. - .
Quite an interesting and unknown quan
tity Is the suggestion about ex-Senator
Hill. He seems to have considerable
strength in different parts of the country
and several delegations intend to vote
for him. When ilr. Hill arrived here 'to
day and was taking his breakfast In the
Coates House a man experienced in con
ventions sajd: • '
"Hill is poing to be nominated for Vice
President." . - : ¦ .
KANSAS CITY. July 1.— The plat
form to be adopted by the Demo
cratic National Convention will
contain a declaration for the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 1*5
to 1, unless Mr. Bryan changes his
attitude, and each fresh arrival from Lin
coln brings renewed assurances that the
foreordained nominee of the convention is
maintaining his position in favor of the
declaration.
Occasionally a delegate can be found
who will take the position that not even
Mr. Bryan can be allowed to dictate the
party's platform, but a majority agree
that as all the delegates are practically
instructed for the renomlnation of the
candidate of 1SD6 he has an exceptional
right to ask to have the resolutions har
monize with his views on any or all sub
jects.
However, while it is true that the indi
cations point strongly to the specific ut
terance here outlined, there is still a very
determined opposition to such a course.
This opposition apparently originated with
former Senator Hill of New York and his
following, and it has been taken up by
other leaders in various sections of the
country. The Tammany interest of New
York appears to be entirely reconciled to
any silver plank, however extreme, but
other factions unite in opposing it. Judge
Van Wyck; Elliot Danforth and J. Brisben
Walker al! unite with ilill in this posi
tion, though disagreeing with him as to
motives. Mr. Uanrorth agrees with Judge
Van W'yck that there' are other questions
more important for consideration, and
while still professing the utmost loyalty
to the white metal he contends that in the
interest of the party it should no longer
be given the place of, paramount* impor
tance in the declaration of principles.
Many Conflicting Views.
Senator James K. Jones, chairman of
the National Committee, and ex-Governor
Stone of Missouri, both of them recog
nized as stanch leaders of the silver senti
ment, are of the opinion that a reafflrma
tion of the Chicago piattorm is uii tnat
.Is necessary. Governor Stone said to-day
that he considered the differences that
have manifested themselves a mere quib
ble, but he declined to say whether he
would be . willing to stop with the re
aftirmatioh of the declaration of 1SI.J.
Many Southern delegates express them
selves as indifferent on the point and>ure
inclined to make the concession demanded
by the Hill sentiment. National Commit
teeman Campau is also inclined to subor
dinate the question of ratio to other sub
jects of current importance.
On the other hand, George Fred 'Wil
liams announces that he considers the fin
ancial question still of the greatest im
portance, and says he feels confident that
the New England delegates are practically
solid in that position.
"The free coinage of silver at the ratio
of 16 to 1 was the touchstone of the con
vention of 1S9*V' he said to-day, "and its
reiteration will add strength to the cause
in the coming campaign."
James Kerr, a delegate at large from
Pennsylvania and secretary of the Con
gressional Campaign Committees, takes
a somewhat different view, but he would
not stop at a mere declaration for the
Chicago platform. He holds that new
conditions will render it necessary to add
something to what we said on trusts in
lS9tj. and he says to make an addition on
that subject and not make it on the
finances would be considered as invidious,
and would result injuriously. He, how
ever, would not use the phrase lt> to 1,
but would declare for free coinage at "le
gal ratio."
Silver Republicans' Attitude.
It is expected that the Silver Republi
can party will ask to be consulted upon
the question of the tinancial plank. The
representatives of that party already
here express a strong preference for a
positive declaration for the old ratio, v. .
"We want 16 to 1," said former Senator
Duboi3 of Idaho to-day, "but if they will
put Towne on the ticket with Bryan we
will be willing to make concessions on
the money plank. If, however, such a
man as Hill Is to be nominated, we want
an iron-clad sliver platform. Thus you
see," the ex-Senator added, "the person
ality of the Vice Presidential candidate
may have a decided influence upon the
platform, and vice versa. Bryan and
Towne would be a platform in them
selves."
Mr. Bryan's position, as outlined by
those close in touch with him. is this:
He holds that the popularity of the Dem
ocratic ticket in 1S96 wag due very large
ly to the positive posttion taken on tne
silver question, ana that to take a back
ward step at this time would be an evi
dence of faltering, and would weaken
the ticket In its own strongholds "with
out strengthening it where there is no
hope of winning. He even goes so far
as to say that he regards the platform
of more importance than the ticket. He
thinks, also, if he should take any other
position he would be accused of vaccilia
tion, and that, in short, everything is to
be lost by making a change, while noth
ing is to be gained by It.
Silverites Arc Confident.
Those who agree with Mr. Bryan on
this point contend that there is no pos
sibility of his changing front before the
time arrives for the party's official dec
laration, and they consider It preposter
ous that the convention should disregard
h'.s wishes on this point. Hence they con
tend with great confidence that whether
the Chicago platform is reaffirmed or not
there will be an unequivocal pronounce
ment for the old ratio.
Kor the rest, the resolutions will de
nounce the gold standard and the Porto
Rican .legislation of the last session of
Congress. It will condemn trusts in un
measured terms, and at the same time ac
cuse the Republican party of fostering
and maintaining them. The administra
tion will come in for a strong censure for
its policy In the Philippines, and it will
be recommended that the Philippine arch
ipelago be placed upon the same footing
as Cuba. In the same connoection there
will be planks denouncing militarism and
Imperialism, and there will also be planks
on the Income tax, good roads, civil ser
vice, pensions, etc., and a strong resolu- '
tion of sympathy with the Boers.
HILL THE ROOSEVELT
OF THE CONVENTION
Stampede to the New Yorker
One of the Prob
abilities.
Special Dispatch to The Call
KANSAS CITY, July l.-The Vice Pres
idential situation to-day takes oh a new
aspect. Danforth of New York is Hill's
choice and a poll of the convention shows
that very, rnany delegates are either for
Hill or for Hill's choice. But Shlveley of
BRYAN HURRIEDLY SUMMONS DAVID B. HILL
TO SECRET CONFERENCE AT HIS LINCOLN HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.
Continued on Third Pagre.
Regarding the Vice-Presidential matter.
Mr. Gahan t said that his , State had not
yet taken any stand. It is known, how
ever, that Illinois Is In favor of .the nom
ination of . . Carter H. Harrison, and be
lieves that we can secure the second place
more Hotel. Judge Johnson, delegate at
large, from Peabodv. Kans., said soon
after the delegation had arrived:
"We have, not really organized as yet,
and we are hardly In a position to make
any declaration of principles. We are, of
course, for the reafflrmation of the Chi
cago platform, and desire the insertion of
a plank in the platform calling for 1G to 1.
We have as yet made no formal canvass
of the delegation, but I know that it is the
way in which the Kansas men will stand
on the silver proposition.
"As to the Vice Presidency, we have no
particular choice as yet, and as we feel at
present we will without doubt follow the
lead of the State of New York and suppn^t
any man ¦whom It may decide upon.- We
feel rather friendly to all of the Vice Pres
idential candidates, however, and really
have no particular favorite. The Vice
Presidency is largely a matter of expe
diency at the best, and we will be • dis
posed to go for the man who can throw
the most strength to the ticket."
The Illinois delegation will not arrive in
force until Tuesday, but several members
are on the ground. Including National
Committeeman Gahan. In discussing the
stand to be taken by the delegation on the
silver proposition, Mr. Gahan said to-day:
"What Illinois adopted in its platform
is known all over the United States, and
we have seen , no reason to change our
position. We said at our State Convention
that we were In favor oi the reafflrmation
of the Chicago platform in spirit and let
ter, and we made no mention of figures in
discussing, the silver plank of our plat
form. We stand in just that position,to
day, and the, chances are that we will stay
there until the end." , .
be here until to-morrow night probably."
"How about Hill?"
"Well, Mr. Hill has friends wherever
you will find Democrats," he replied.
Committeeman Clancy was very pro
nounced in his advocacy of the nomination
of Hill.
"We want a man who can carry New
York against Roosevelt," said he. "Hill
can do that. He will bring more votes to
the ticket than any man we can put up,
and I believe he will be nominated. There
is a very strong sentiment in i his favor
among the members of the Wisconsin del
egation, with whom I have talked, and I
believe there will be a regular Roosevelt
boom developed for Hill before the con
vention is called to order. Among the Wis
consin delegation the nomination of
Charles A. Towne was not regarded with
favor.
"We want a Democrat, not a Populist,"
said Mr. Clancy. "Towne is an impossi
bility. Don't you think so?" he asked,
turning to Mayor Rose. The latter nodded
assent. A specific free silver plank in the
platform did not find supporters, in the
delegation, most of those who ¦• cared to
say anything at all favoring the simple
reafflrmation of the Chicago platform.
The Pennsylvania delegation, 100 strong,
under the leadership of Colonel James M.
Guffcy, reached here to-day. One of the
delegates at large is ex-Governor Robert
E. Pattlson, who has been spoken of as a
possible Vice Presidential candidate. The
delegation, however, favors D. B. Hill,
and unless the situation changes greatly
the sixty-four votes of Pennsylvania will
go to the New Yorker. As outlined by
Colonel Guffey. the delegation also favors
a.blmetalllst plank In the platform with
out reference to a specific ratio. The ut
most harmony prevails throughout the en
tire delegation.
The Kansas delegation arrived In force
to-<Jay and took up quarters at the Balti-
I favor Mr. Towne,", said
Governor Smith.- "and 1 believe many of
the Montana delegates do. We Intend to
2
DAVID BENNETT- HILL OF NEW YORK.
Eastern
Delegates
Seem
Disposed
Support
• This
Aspirant
for
the Vice
Presidency.
Leader
in tk
Fight
TAT* 1
Relegation
of the
Free Coinage
of Silver
Question
to the
Background.
AT WORK
AGAIN!
Call any day except Sundays and.
holidays between 7 a.m. and 6 p. m.
and you'll find the old force at work
and glad to see you. Bargains to of-
fer this week. The old flag floats over
the great Bazaar. "Justice to all*' is
written on every fold. Everything is
sold and bought for cash '. by agree-
ment with those who helped us ove-
cur adversities. . . . "
FIRST FLOOR.
Canned Kruit Pie Apples, dozen..; V»-
Canned Peaches, Pie Peaches, dozen"** n-
Canned Crapes. Pie Grap>s. dozen ""'*«»
Plums, Pie, VA lb. tins, dozen ¦\*'-"''c!:°
Table Fruit, per deleft ....... ¦¦'"*;".;ir w ' e
-Oysters, full wei 2 h-. 5 oz........;".;""** *'t *R
Raisins, loose Muscatel . •••-•-***i«>
SECOND FLOORl" V ' V: -
Flags, muslin, rer dozen.- ¦ : ' ' i-i ¦••
Initial Han.lkerch.efs. all linen"""'" VC ii ip
Fancy Waste Paier Baskets « • ki"v<i* "'"••> «"¦
Ladies* Kid Sheet, lace coin" KIM v...SOe
Children's Kid Sloes, 6 to i'"'"""*"-.-'U'>* e
Girls' Kid or Cnin. 12 to »'"'"""":'•• *'J^
Camping Shoes, canvas, men or'wora'e'n;""-'^
THIRD FLOOR. "
Worklnsr Glover for nwn.,..;,, "> .»> •»*¦
Straw Hats fo< men .... ¦ a P* «••«
Straw Hats for bl K boys "" ••*"v i VC > ui>
Men's Camplnff Puit3. amalt sizes """ r " v j«"5£
Caps for men jr boys...... .?••--••.- •¦J««SO
Barsains onievery floor.' r**"--" 1Vc U P
CASH ST0R£STOCKTON'. ; July L— By >. a vot» of 227 to S4
Oakdale voted to . Issue $25,000 ¦wo'th of bonds
for the erection of a sew grammar school. The
structure will be Of brick and Btonc, v,
j KANSAS : CITT, Muly /.i.>- : Fdtn3er: Gov
ernor Da\-id JB. IlilJ qf New. ybr^. : accom
panied by hJs- "jHivite Vsecrftttry',' Pi \J.
Manwlller. arj'J. .G.ertVral J. - &. WcSwan,
cf Albany, arrived here cafiy-t6<!ay from
Ft. Louis, havirg iefjt AlbanJ:" 01: Friday.
AVJthin two notrrs of =his arrival. tSir: Hill
fl^parted : for Lincoln !to hold a -cJonference
'with 3Ir. Bryan..- |A« Goterjipr BUL was
.-leiYin^ the breakfast room at Jth^ Coates
, : JHfbo's^ : ehortly aft^r hjskrrivai. Vie waa
handed » itelegTani Trbtn; IJr.: BrSEiu - re
questing him: to cpme to -Lincoln at ' his
eariiej^ ' «oavcaiei:cc. ; Despite • ih J /act
fVpht for a ¦p^sitiv-? 'declaration in iwpr of
th*- f re * < > oir.?S'» of silver as a f.niticiai
j,'; a r,k in tb*. platform, and Ccnpr^sjuran
Tflwnf r-.*rtai"ly represents our-. Ide* in
regard to its is.:'.' But; of course* ;we .vlll
not ff.itV»<in any conc?rtrd plan of actbn
tintiL.pur contrst :is settled." - ..¦;¦•/.•,
BID up a Vicp-PresldentJaJ possibility is
rr>t repa-rded with favor; by -the Montana
«eeIejT3t*or>. }ir.O ';-;'?'. ':¦ : -''C-S '¦ {±~ : :i"- : -" ••¦' -.'u ;
Among .1 h»>. la't* arrivals to-rd ay were L:
Tibsir.p a^.ri T. i>; O'lJrif tv, both d.clf gates
*>t larpe.of .Mj»n«"?ofa. Mr;. BoifiTiR Is the
T>rfVat<» >err*»Ti.ry:- 'fit Gowriior, Llnd . and
i.hn'.r man «-.f tKf -. ; St3te 'Central CornmitK-e,
*n<l Mr. 6 ..in*nii- ; ->l'lnnr?*t-a : i^-i'&'<p- : Bri^ft-r i
\<t-r of th? Natiortaf.- Committee.. Th';.v
r-re *=Imr>W ndvaru-e pruard.V.<>f the. Mln^
peseta fleieKati«i.n^ whj« h>ls ¦-•not ejtf>ected
tf> ¦". arrlv«: ! fc.foT«i-. : : Tu*-F<3ay ¦ iiifeht..- - The
Minnesota Vielogotion .w>« Ihs'tr.urted for
Town? iW:*lCe : Prosiflfnt. and both Mr.
Boring and Mr: ;^>'r?ri«i : are enthusiastic
in ttiK'.r a<1v<K-acv. *>'f his nosiijiatiori. Mr.
Kr>Ffr}g will place" Mr; Tpwae in'nomlna
%}$m: : . .¦¦;.¦ ..¦'¦::¦ ~::. : ' V Y-.: :-.'.•-.¦ ¦¦
.V . :..- ¦;•- ~. ••.-•> ¦••..» . ¦ .'.\ .""• •..• .-'-".
HILL'S SUDDEN pip
TO iRif^ HOME
the Kansas City convention, hut he is
here as a representative of the New York
Democracy, and will support both the
ticket and the platform agreed upon after
such mature deliberation as the conven
tion will give both."
"Is I fill a candidate for the Vice Presi
dency?" General McEwan was asked
bluntly.
"He is not." he replied with emphasis.
"You understand, or course, that I do
not speak fcr Senator Hill further than
that.' r
"Then he would accept the nomination
for Vice President if it were tendered to
him?"
"That is a question which* only Hill
himself can answer." said General Mc-
Ewan, cautiously. "He alone knows what
he would do in any given set of circum
stances. He is not a candidate, however."
The summons received by Hill from
Bryan created the first distinct sensation
of the ante-conventlon proceedings. While
few people saw Hill before he left for
Nebraska, the fact that he had gone at
the request of Bryan was soon noised
about the hotel corridors and was the
principal topic of, discussion. Opinions
varied widely as to the object of the con
ference, but nobody had any really defi
nite Information: the gossip was spec
ulative purely. In some qupartes It was
suggested that Hill's visit was not In re
sponse to a summons from Bryan, but
was prompted by a desire on the part of
the Xew Yorker to - have a talk with the
Democratic leader regarding the financial
declaration to be made in the platform.
It is known that Hill does not desire a
distinct declaration In favor of 16 to 1,
and it will be his effort to induce not only
Bryan but also the convention to accept
a modified llnancial plank. which,
while not specifically declaring for
the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to I. will be such- a
tcafllrmatlon /ot the Chicago platform
on that subject as will prove satisfactory
to all elements of the party.
Later in the day it was suggested that
Hill might not return to Kansas City be
fore to-morrow. His conference . with
Bryan, It was said, was to be of such
importajacQ-tliat It. could not be deposed
that he r.as much fatigued from his long
trip from »w York. Hill felt that he
must obey the summons from Bryan and
in a few "minutes was on his way to the
railway station. The only train for Lin
coln was composed of day coaches, but
Mr. Hill boarded tt, expecting to arrive
at Lincoln about 7 o'clock this evening.
He hopes to get a late train out of Lin
coln to-ri1ght and reach Kansas City to
morrow morning.
While declining to be Interviewed on the
political Fituation, Mr. Hill said as he left
the hotel:
"I am much f&tlgued after my long trip
tnd ol my own accord, would not feel dis-
V' s ed to do more traveling at this time,
t>ut a summons from Mr. Bryan in the
''.circumstances is a call to duty and I am
j XWing to Lincoln by the first train that
twill take me there."
Tly. telegram calling Hill to Lincoln
conytyed n o intimation as to Mr. Bryan s
object in summoning the distinguished
New Yorker. Mr. Hill WmFClf disclaimed
{ any knowledge nf the purpose in Mr.
BryanV inind when he sent the telegram
and a<2d*(] that, even if he knew the ob
ject of th«. visit, it would be Improper for
him to (lisrups it.
General McEwan, who is one of Hills
cl-opest political friends, having for many
year? Icpii one of his right-hand men in
the Empire State, did not accompany him
to Lincoln.
VI have no knowledge." paid he. "of
the reasons which Impelled Bryan to call
Hill to Lincoln. To me; the telegram from
Bryan was not a surprise, as he desires,
doubtles?. to be in close touch with peo
ple from all parts of the country."
"Do you think J3ryan desires to discuss
th« platform with Hill?"
"Possibly," replied General McEwan.
smilinglv. "It would be quite natural
that they should have some confidences
to exchange on the subject." \
"It Is reported that Hill has a draft of
the planks of the platform that will be
sati5factory to the New York and Eastern
Democrats generally." was suggested.
"Oh. that is newspaper gossip," replied
General McEwan, evasively. "The Gov
ernor quite naturally has his Ideas of
what ought to b« th» declarations - of
of in time to enable the Governor to leave
Lincoln to-night in time to reach this city
to-morrow morning.
PROBABLE RESULT
OF THE CONFERENCE
?
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LINCOLN. Nebr., July l.-David Ben
nett Hill reached Lincoln to-night at 7
o'clock, and was met by Mr. Bryan and
taken at once to the home of the latter,
where they remained in conference until
nearly midnight. Hill came to Lincoln at
the request- of Bryan, who has up to to
day very successfully acted the role of
candidate and public dictator. Whether
the New Yorker is to be a part of his po
litical machine to follow instructions
rather^than his own ideas depends en
tirely upon to-night's conference, at the
conclusion of which each refused to be
interviewed. The only indication of what
transpired was contained In a telephone
message from Mr. Hill to the group of
newspaper men at the Lincoln Hotel,
which was:
"The Supreme Court Jias been sitting
two hours, and has not changed Its In
dividual opinion." ..
Previous to the conference both men
entertained widely different views on the
advisability of adopting a new silver
plank, and there is every reason to be
lieve they- still adhere to their former
positions. This being true. Hill will prob
ably not secure Bryan's cordial supixirt
for the Vice Presidency.
The feature of the day In Lincoln aside
from the .visit of Senator Hill was the re-
Eort that a draft of the' platform. Bald to
ave the indorsement of Mr. Bryan and
meeting, the approval of his friends in
nearly, half the States of the Union, has
been made. According to the rumor -it
makes the three leading Issues of the cam
f&igu imperialism, militarism and trusts*
in the order named. The financial plank,
according to the present draft, will be sec
ondary. There will be. It is said, a brief
plank reaffirming the Chicago platform,
and in that plank is the reafflrmation of
16 to 1. income tax. repeal of the current
laws and minor issues. ; •
BRYAN UNSHAKEN
IN HIS OPINION
Special Dispatch to The CaI1 -
NEW YORK. July 1.— The World has
this from IJncoln: Bryan said to-day:
"I am in favor of reaffirming the Chi
cago platform in general; also the adop
tion of a plank explicitly renewing the
pledge for free sind unlimited coinage of
silver and gold at the ratio of 16 to 1. An
explicit plank on the money question Is.
of the highest importance. If we are to
have a dodger for a platform then let us
have a dodger for a candidate: but if we
are to nominate a man who believes In
being explicit in pledges to the people,
thnn let us adopt a platform that will be
consistent with the character and record
of the candidate." v;
New York-Indiana Alliance.
KANSAS CITY. July l.-Three of the
delegates at large from Indiana— James
Murdock, G. V. Menzles and Hugh Dough
erty — called on Richard Croker this after
noon to propose an alliance, offensive and
defensive, between the States of Indiana
and New York. The proposal is said to
have pleased Mr. Croker. and he told the
Indiana men that he would be glad to take
it under advisement
Conti r.tied from Second Paee.
BRYAN HyRRIEDLY 3LJ/VlAaOIN© FULL
TO A CONFERENCE AT LINCOLN
Al G TT>::s, general E-Jperintendent; Edward
Ofriarrbers. ter.era.1 frelsht »tr«"iit : John J.
Byrne, peoeral passenger apent; H. K, Gref?
cry, afy;rtant general pas>-«:-sfr agent; H.
I«ftAc«. tivlFlon baccc^e agent: A. H. Paycon,
\1r* pr'Mder.t c_ ].-_ asd.iv J, V. It. R.: Alex
ander Mcckle. secretary S. r. and S. J. • V.
Jt. R.; 3 y. H;;-k!e. i pper-ial sent Santa. >">
Railroad: V-*<j Har\ey the estin^-hrai^e and
r.pws ap<=r.-y service;; Johfl ' Mots. -assiElant
fneril '.:• :..-Vt ?n1 (»k*escer aReti-t P. :K. and
P. J. V. R. it.: W. H. Albprrer, chief clerk
Fe tnitae.-dejmrtpientj S. II. : Sniith.
1 «f wrter »«•:.•. , c :iTr.l" : ranf isco: J. J. . Warn*r.
• emmprcis! t^'ni • >a«» Fe.. Oakland. ;• H. ..K.
UfeCMT. Sawta •>.. rr.cte : a?crt;: P r W- i\Val?h;
general %*£$?**¦ (isrhx ;•->., r Frank; /.inipfrtfeten-.
*>ent €1r.:r.p v.vr rv-.cf. i-ar:*a»: 1>. Ruther
ford. divi::^r. r.--— xr.' ' r.rtr S. K. arid. S.
j. ¦ V.. ; II, " "J».:':'.: W, • It; K:-;r-v <hi>f . eCEilieer
par-:a. ff w:^, . " •¦ .- ;¦.//•> y:--;i\',[
Amons: th> r : T..- ::¦ ¦ cbiinfcfd with other
companies who rr:&' ~ the t-:p were::-. .•
. *".-O. JcStEECn. agfr.: Grar.ii Trunk "Railway'
point near Martinez the rails have been
laid over 1<>SO feet of bridge work, and
from an elevated position over a ravine
a puperb view of the surrounding
hills. Kre^n with ye** t atlc*' in some
j.lares and golden with ripened ce
r*-a.lr> in oth'-it*. mav be ua.d. _».* another
point a tunn«?l BCOO feet in length has been
constructed and adiis to the aoveltr: of the
trip. The view of the rich reclaimed
lands, stretching away for mi'.es. attracts
the : attention of the traveler from the
car window.
• Following Is a 'i ?t °» tne passengers
abo.ari.1 'the first east-bound overland and
their 'dest lnatiqn :
' M*-«!. J:' -P. Rowan, Mi«s. Mazi? Rowan. Mi5S
A. iK/v.van, Denver; Mrs. Dorey Herd, Cincin
nati: W. T. Kjiratt. Atlanta. Ga. ; Mrs. Sheri
can. Chicago: Mr. and Mrs. L. C Lens. Hart-
T'.r'l- Dr.- C- J Stevens, Xew York: Albert L
J6r.«-<i. . B/wton : J. W. Cook. Chicago; C. W.
Howard. Chicago,' J. E. Chick and wife, Kan-
sas City; Dr. J. H. McLeod, Montreal; T. Cam
doneric. Italy; L. Waldon, St. Louis; D. M.
Coleman, Kort Leaven worth, Kansas; Mrs. A.
J. Smith, Chicago; Addle Seller, Kansas City;
John T. FoRarty, Mexico; Leonard H. Hlrsch,
St. Louis: Mrs. D. Goodrich. Chicago: Joseph
Mil. Her. Chicago: II. E. Greer. Chicago; Mrs.
K. M. Lass, Kansas City: A. I'arUfr, Pittu
bursr; J. Diet-. Knnras City; K. W. McFar
land and v;lf», WashinKton. D. C. ; Stella I.
Austin, Racir.», \Yi«.; T. P. McGuire, Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas; A. W. Adami*. William
V.'pstphal. George Richards. C. E. Tebbs, H.
nibert and wife, Charles Buck. J. T. l>avis,
E. P. Freeman. Mrs. O. B. Van Dyne, John
R. Robinson, Alexander Mackie. Miss Jessie.
Mackip, Ml8« Macklp. Gcorce Jarksjn, John
A. Hamrnernr.it h. B. S. Hurdlek. George Ger
hard, wife and daughter: H. K. Parkinson,
Mrs. K. Van Du.=er, MUster Martie Carter, M.
C. Hunt. J. Fitrslmmcns, II. D. Mitchell. R.
W. Shield, Stockton; James H. Wallace. W. J.
S. Powers. Arnold Stahl. Fresno; H. E. Mon
roe. Huntieys; J. N. Street. Mulr City: II. Os
trander, Merced; J. IJ. Mitchell. M.D., Holt:
Mrs. Henry L.. Ryan. Pomona: Dr. Taggart,
Bakersfleld; W. A. Wilson, Vlsalia.
H. Ostrander, a stock-raiser from Mer
ced, was among those who made the trip.
He is 74 years of age, and when but 7
years old made one of the first trips on
the railroad constructed in 1S33 between
Schenectady and Albany, New York. Os
trander stated that the opening of this
road produced scarcely less enthusiasm
than that with which the people of the
valleys hailed the advent of the new
Santa Fe system.
Most of the officials traveled as far as
Stockton and returned on the first over
land train that arrived at Point Richmond
last night. This last named train was in
charge of Conductor H. H. Sturgill, with
L,. Baker on the engine. It had been made
up similarly to the train that departed in
the — «rnlng. The patronage the road may
expect is evidenced by the fact that near
ly 350 passengers were carried from Stock-
ton to this city.
Chief Kngineer "W. B. Storey, who super
vised the- construction of the road, ex
pressed delight at the successful trips of
the initial passenger trains, and said that
within two weeks the depots and tracks
along the route would be In perfect con :
dltion.
I WELCOME THE FIRST TRAIN.
VISALIA, Cal.. July 1.— About S000 peo
ple were at the Santa Fe depot this
morning to witness and welcome the in
coming first overland train from Chicago.
Boxes of choice fruit were given every
passenger. The train was given a grand
ovation. People cheered, shouted and
waived handkerchiefs and hats in honor
of the occasion. A brass band was In at
tendance.
SANTA FE. OVERMAN D JUST AFTER ITS DEPARTURE FROM POINT RICHMOND.
BOTHA GIVES
THE BRITISH
LITTLE REST
Boer General Grows Bolder
in His Attacks Upon
Invaders. ; • - ;
patrols mum m
STRIKE TELLING BLOWS
Small Bands Deliver Attacks and GeS
Away Before Their Sow-Mov^ • •_,-••
ing. Adversaries Can ;
Reply. . /. ¦ :.¦ v J
Lord Roberts, In the course of an Inter
view said he thought that the charts
brought against the Governments by "Wil
liam A. Hurdette-Coutts. Conservative
member of Parliament for Westminster,
that inadequate provision had been made
for the sick and wounded, were probably
based upon one hospital and a hasty fin*,
erallzation thereon. . - . J ;•'.
The Times' Pretoria correspondent t-V -.
graphs that General Colvill© has';. ,...*'
©Tdered home.
Dr. Conan Doyle, in an interview with
the Daily Telegraph's Pretoria correspond
ent, says the ho?r>ital arrangements har«
been severely tried, but that no more could
have been done.
LONDON, July L— General Botha IS
showing increased activity. Hi3 patrola
cover wide stretches of country, approach]
near the British outposts and engage in
skirmishes while larger bodies threaten
to attack, declining to allow themselves
to be caught by the return blows which
the British promptly seek to deliver. At
tacks of this sort were made on Frt&ay
last at Pinaargport on General i Pole-
Carcw and at The Springs- Geaerala
Botha and Dewet are seemingly operat
ing In combination. Botha is reported to
have divided his force into two parts, one
moving west and the other to the south,
to try to effect a Junction -with Dewet.
Boer circulars are out. exaggerating tha
Chinese troubles and urging the, burghers
to rejoin the army.
Lord Roberts and several co-operatlnc
columns are still out within striking dis
tance of Dewet. . •¦. ''-'¦¦- '•'. '
HOPEFUL OF
HAULING OFF
THE OREGON
Battleship May Be Rescued
From Her Perilous
Position.
LYING EASILY ON HER
BERTH OF JAGGED ROCKS
Steamers Nanchang and Iris Prob
ably Have Reached the Disabled
Warship by This
Time.
TACOMA, July 1.— Since the wreck of
the battleship Oregon shore leave Is being
refused all men on the battleship Iowa,
now at this port, and the officers say they
would not be surprised at any moment to
receive orders to sail for the Orient.
IOWA MAY BE SENT.
CHEFU. July 1.— The American battle
ship Oregon, which struck upon uncharted
rocks forty miles west of Chefu on June
28. is reported lying easily. The pumps
are holding the water down and there is
an excellent prospect of saving the ship.
The steamers Nanchang and Iris have
gone to the assistance of the battleship.
WASHINGTON, July 1.— "No news from
the Oregon is good news."
Secretary Long expressed this opinion
when I asked him to-night if he had re
ceived any information relative to the
battleship Oregon.
"I remained at the department to-day
hoping that something would come in," h»
continued, "but not a word in relation to
the battleship has reached me. I am en
couraged by the lack of Information tobt
lieve mat the Oregon will be saved. \\ ere
it apparent that the ship could not be freed
from her dangerous position. I am satis
fled Captain Wilde would immediately
cable the fact to the department. 1 pre
sume he and his subordinates are too busy
endeavoring to get the ship off to send
dispatches." '
At the same time the Secretary is hope
ful that the next twelve hours will bring
a message from Captain Wilde. He point
ed /Out that the department's cablegrams
from the East usually come early In the
morning. It Is believed that both the Iris
and the Zaflro have by now reached the
Oregon and are probably lightening her
bv removing her coal and ammunition.
Naval constructors here point out that
the longer the Oregon remains Impaled
on Pinnacle rock, the greater damage she
will sustain. The tremendous rise and fall
of the tide at the point where she lies and
the swift current that runs there must be
reckoned with, they say. in considering
what shall be done to float the vessel. If
the Oregon should be freed from the rock
which holds her fast she probably will be
hauled to a harbor in one of the i3lands
of the Mlaotao group and repaired suffi
ciently to make the voyage to Port Ar
thur.
The Russian Government has not yet re
plied to the request of Secretary Hay for
permission to dock the battleship at that
point, but there Is no doubt that It will
be granted.
Special Cable to The Call and New fork
¦ Herald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald
Publishing Company.
Rich Ledge of Quartz Discovered oa
Indian Biver. * .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 1.— The Danube,
which arrived to-night, reports tha total
¦wreck of the river steamer Reaper, -while,
belne taken through "White Horse Rapids
for service on the lower river. She was
one of the vessels built for the Atlin run
and recently purchased by the railway
people. No lives were lost. The. Bailoy
was taken through safely. £.
From Dawson comes news ox th<» di»-»
covery of a rich and wide quarts led?e on
Indian River. It had been traced for
twenty miles without the end belr? rotina
and In places -was 500 feet wide.
Chinese Fishermen Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 1.— Constabl*
George Agoew arrested five Chinese this
afternoon and seized a shrimp-flshingr out
fit In the bay off San Quentin. T*»«terda3
he made a similar capture. The -fien ar«
charged Trtd using set nets. They belons
to the San Pablo shrimp-fishing camp.
PRINCETON AT CANTON.
WASHINGTON'. July 1.— The Navy De
partment has been Informed that th«
Princeton has arrived at Canton.
SCCCESS attcridea.^the inauguration
of the overland • .passenger : service
bets&aS San Francisco and Chicago
. on the^Fanta Fc system- yesterday.
"'h<-. first train, .well . laden with human
¦•**\z'-\\.,: s<peU;ovcr the. rails from Point
'•knmorid, toward :the East, and the first
rr-z \'.?.r br<r*aivd -train arrived in the ¦even
ircc3!;'-yi;;$ marly ¦ 350 -passengers. A.
biriti rumbi* of -JEa-nta; Fe railroad ofli
< :u=? r.rsd iriariy connected: with other lines
.•u^.anipani-efi tJie first train as far as
St.9cki.0n atwJ i<L turned on the second. The
pctfc6-i arranseiTMTitS: for the trip pre
v»nt?1 the -Blight e?i incident that might
?rrrd to rnar its pleasure, arid passengers
.*<w.eU as officials expressed the: highest'
Er>.'J?frtrtinri a; the new gervice after the
train hfltl ¦•.passed i-. owf ;ih« recently eon-
HarcH^il strcT.-h of track bet-ween Stock
j"." .-r'irhe coast. ;¦ ' . ¦'"•.;¦ ¦" '.- ; ¦
At - 1 ? a. m. y^tr-rday "•.the -.group of nffl
ciilM n,r,(i r-ayfcietrs left. the~fr>nt of Mar-
It". Ftn <n on the ferryboat Ocean Wave
frr. rv.int Richmond. The railroad offl
c'.r'? who made the trip ere: s
• -T~, '. Q:. , JCevJa. getieral maca^er East* Ft:
system ; Maurice E. Asherson, contracting
freight agent Lake Shore and MichiKan South
ern U.illrca-1: John A. Gill and Amos Burr
nf t!i» New York Central lines; Captain Knight,
traveling passenger asent S. P. R. R-; J- P-
Mefcan. superintendent Pullman Company;
<;e<rg» Clark, division superiutendent I'ull
ir.an Company; ar.J S. E. Smith oi Wells.
Kargo & Co.
When the boat arrived at Toiiit Rich
mond camera Quids swarmed about the
train and. many pictures of the string of
cars will soon be in existence. One man
cliinner] to the top of a caboose and with
a 22x24 camera snapped the train just as
it pulled out.
Kr.srlneorComstoek wasat the throttle of
engine 205 and Conductor James Anderson
had charge of the train, which consisted
of seven curs, Including a dining car
taken on at Ar.tioch. The people living for
mii^s around had congregated to v.-itness
tiio departure and after the train was
under way flapy were waved from every
house alynp the line. The ease with which
the cars sp^-l over the rails was the best
evidence of the excellent road-bed, the
work on which has almost been com
pleted.
,'ine excellence of the scenery was com
mented upon by the passengers. At a
FIRST OVERLAND PASSENGER TRAINS
SPEED ALONG THE SANTA FE TRACKS
JL'ttJG, SA^- -FKAKC1SCO CALL, MOXDAY, -JULY. 2,-1300.
3
STEAMER. REAPER "WRECKED.
-fp&S: course you are going to the
' (jH) country this summer and you
LMuud w j|| Avan t a new light suit made
to your measure. Half the comfort
of an outing is being properly~dressed
for it.
We can show you numerous pat-
terns in heavy or light weights in
checks, stripes, mixed and solid-color
goods.
We are making to order good suits
for as low as $i 3.50 which we will
fully guarantee to give complete sat-
isfaction in wear, fit and appearance.
It will be well for you to get our samples,
which are free, and see what values we are
offering*
Our guarantee fully protects you.
Money returned if you want it ; or
suit kept in repair free Yor one year.
If you live out of San Francisco write for samples and self-
measuring blank. You 'ivill be assured of a good fit ', careful
attention and proper treatment.
718 Market Street ana Cop. Powell and Eddy.It may be possible for the missionaries and their
Governments to fhoot a new religion into China
from dynamite guns, but it will not be Christianity.
And now an' enterprising speculator says he has
struck oil in San Francisco. It will require smoother
work than his to prove it.
The Call doe* not hold itself responsible for
the opinions mibllnhed In this column, but
presents them for whate\er value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Kilitor Call; Since the beginning of the
British-Boer war we have been treated -to
reports which are unique in regard to
their truthfulness. Truth Is expansible,
and the British generals are friends of
expansion. The war had hardly com
menced, when to the astonishment of both
friend and foe. the only brother of Presi-
ENGLISH WAR DISPATCHES.
IN THE LIGHT OF TRUTH
NEW YORK, July 1.— Romilley E. Foote
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
of San Francisco is at the Everett. D.
Samuels of San Francisco Is at the Plaza.
THE SiLK PETTICOAT.
DR. ANDREW WILSON, F. R. S. E., is not an
authority on woman's dress, neither does he
know enough of the latest fashions to make his
opinion worth anything to a society dame, but none
the less he has thought it worth his while to con
tribute to the Edinburgh Scotsman a hearty approval
and general commendation of the colored silk petti
coat. He declares it to be a beneficent institution, and
expresses the hope that it will be a permanent fea
ture in feminine garmenting.
The doctor's admiration for the colored silk petti
coat is due neither io the richness of the fabric nor to
the beauty of the color. He commends it simply be
cause its presence among her garments inclines and
induces a woman to lift her trailing outer skirt high
enough above the ground to show the gleam of the
.-ilk. It is in the uplifting of the outer garment that
thft benefit comes, for according to the doctor a skirt
NT O sane man values property at the rate of human
J life, or would balance the worth of any inani
1 mate thing in the scale against that of a human
being; and yet there are some things of material con
struction, some works of human hjnds, that are so
associated with sentiment and feeling that their de
struction seems almost like the loss of a friend. The
heart itself is affected under such circumstances, in
spite of all cold reason can say, and men and women
sorrow as sincerely as they would over the death of
some great leader of the nations.
To the Anglo-Saxon race no other object of human
construction appeals so potently and so universally
as a ship. Ruskin, indeed, has said that a ship under
full sail is the most beautiful and the noblest of the
works of man. We all kno'w with what patriotic
pride Americans have cherished "Old Ironsides," and
how the British have kept the hulk of Nelson's brave
ship, "The Fighting Temcraire." All people of our
race at least sympathize with these feelings; and here
in California there has been growing up something
of the same sentiment regarding "The Peerless Ore
gon." Therefore, there is a deep anxiety felt con
cerning the extent of the disaster which has befallen
her at the mouth of Pechili Gulf, and shoud it, prove
to be her utter wreck there would rbe a widespread
sense of loss throughout the whole Pacific Coast.
It is truethc Oregon holds no such romantic place
in history or tradition as do the famous ships we have
named. She is of our own period, and romance has
not had time to spread a halo around her fame.
Moreover, she has done no such hard battling against
equal foes as other great warships have done. None
the less she has won her place among the craft that
nations delight to honor. Before she struck upon the
rock she was the foremost battleship in the world, the
mistres* of the seas. She had in her voyage, around
the Horn achieved a feat that startled the seamen of
every country into an outburst of admiration, and in
the battle off Santiago Bay had demonstrated a fight
ing power of the first magnitude.
Constructed in our own shipyards and bearing the
name of our sister State, the achievements of the Ore
gon have been naturally of the highest interest to the
Pacific Coast. There arc many good ships in our
new navy, but not one that holds such a place in
popular estimation, or is so associated with patriotic
sentiment. It i3 not in idle boast that to her name
has been prefixed the title "Peerless." She has mer
ited the distinction such a title confers, and it is to be
hoped she will be able once more to demonstrate her
stanch superiority by riding safely from the rocks that
threaten her destruction.
TriE MISHAP TO THE OREGON.
PERSONAL MENTION.
II. AVelnstoek, a leading merchant of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
H. Doc C. Barnhart, r wholesale butcher
of Santa Cruz, Is at the Lick.
J. M. Welmans, a mining man of New
man, is at the Occidental with his wife.
AV. II. McKenzle, who is extensively in
terested in oil lands around Fresno, is at
tho Lick.
R, c. Kirk, a mining man of Dawson.
is at the Lick, having- recently arrived
from the north.
II. R. McNoble, an attornpy of Stockton
and prominent among the Native Sons, is
a guest at tho Grand.
T. Daniel Frawley arrived at the Palace
yesterday from Los Angeles, and most of
the members of his new company got in
on the evening train.
Rear Admiral Beardsiee returned yester
dny from a fishing trip in Oregon and is at
tho Occidental. Mrs. Beardslee accompa
nied him on the trip.
Mrs. J. M. Bell, wife of Brigadier Gen
eral Bell, famous for his daring work in
the Philippines, came up on the transport
Sumner and is at the Occidental.
T. Platt, one of the most extensive
breeders of race horses In New Zealand
and the owner of a fine racing stud, is a
guest at the Talace. He is on his way to
England, where he will enter a number of
his horses in races next season. This is
his first visit to America. He will proba
bly remain in this city for several days. •
| Joseph L. Stickney, staff correspondent
of the Chicago Record, arrived from the
East last night In company with his wife
and Is at the Occidental. He has but re
cently returned from South Africa, where
he represented the Record in the field up
to the. time of the relief of Ladysmith.
At the battle of Colenso he witnessed the
capture of the British batteries and the
gallant effort of Lord Roberts' son to re
take them, and was subsequently under
fire during the entire day's operations. At
tnat time he received injifries whic.i neces
sitated a painful operation and kept him
in the hospital for many weeks. While
on the staff of the New York Herald Mr.
Stickney acted as aid to Admiral Dewey
at the battle of Manila Bay, and after'
ward wrote the splendid acount of the en
gagement that appeared in the Herald and
in The Call. He is a graduate of Annapo
lis and spent several years in the navy
prior to engaging In newspaper work.
dent Steyn (according to the English re
ports) withdrew from the I!oer army to
his farm anU declared that he was in
favor of peace, and unwilling to fight.
Since that L time the very same Stryn,
brother of the President, had been cip
tured in battle fifteen times by the Brit
ish, the last time being designated as
Commandant Steyn.
Commandant Botha has been captured
twenty-one times, but still Louis Botha
Is leading his torcts against Lord Rob
erts, anu Christian Ooiua. i» leading ins
men against General buiier as beturr. n
appears now that wnenever the lintisn
capture a Botha (the Bothas are as num
erous among the .ttcers as tne Smitns ami
Joneses are among the Americans) tney
apply to him the ranK ot commandant.
When General Uoberts was rt-nsured by
the English press several montns ago for
his inactivity he replieU that Ioo.'J'm for
eigners had lanced at L.orenzo Murqut-s
and assisted the Hoers. Last week he pt*
ported tnat the Hoer army. iiu.\iul:ns all
I ihe toreigner*. were less tnan U>.'aw men.
Admitting that two weeks ago l'J.iww Boers
iought ai Laings Nek in Natal under
Generals Christian liotha, Fureil and 1'rt
torious against Uuiler this great Briti3n
general has not captured mem. Have
they vanished in th* air? .Louis B'jthu
commands to-day perhaps 29,'juy men, and
is holding Lord Roberts in check, await
ing his time when he will inclose Lord
Koberts in Pretoria. President Steyn is
still defending the Orange Free ritato
with W0 or fcvOO men anu General Curia
tian Dewet is conducting the most suc
cessful guerilla warlare in that State.
Two weeks ago. after his reported cap
ture by the Untish general. Dew. t T\nh
2000 Iioers destroyed twenty-five miles of
British railroad,* broke the British com
munications, killed and wounded i'JJ Brit
ish and captured 700. among them repre
sentatives of the blue blood of Grvat Brit
ain, captured a great British convoy with
provisions, clothing, blankets, etc.. <\nd
nearly captured General Kitchener, who
only escaped by a narrow margin on uw
horse. Two days later General Dewct at*
tacktd the British again forty miles from
the first place, destroying the railroad
there, captured GOO British, one cannon,
munitions of war, etc., and then disap
peared. As the British came in over
whelming numbers, they saw the clouds
of dust where the Boers disappeared, and
captured their laager.
That the British line of communication
has been broken for at least three weeks
proof has been given again by the famous
General Uewet, as he on June 24. near tlie
Zar.d river, captured several trains wlm
30W mall bags containing $2l).000 worth of
British postage stamps, together with rjp
plies for the army; on this raid 150 High
landers were also captured. Dewet, Botha
Steyn and other Boer-generals will b>? able
to carry on this war for two years to
come. The Boers suffer, but the British
suffer more.
General Koberts admits that he has D000
sick and wounded in Pretoria, and the
number of his sick and wounded south
of Pretoria down to Cape Town may per
haps be &0.000. Why docs he not pursue
Botha instead of marching back to the
Orange Free State under the pretense o*
trying to capture Steyn. Tho Boers have
again adopted their own natural warfare
assembling, attacking and defeating the
enemy, then disappearing" again as craick
\ ]y as they came.
The Boer war has continued now for
nearly nine rronths. the British losses as
admitted by them, number more than 40 -
000 men. besides an enormous loss from
sick soldiers. The financial loss is enor
mous, and Great Britain has gained noth
ing but the hatred of all civUized nation??
The situation in China requires the pres
ence of strong British reinforcements but
Lord Roberts is not willing to send mare
than lO.flOO of his men to China, because
he needs all of 24Q.0QQ British troopa in
South Africa.
The re is a strong probability that Rob
erts mav be attacked and driven out of
Pretoria before Ions:, but in any case the
situation at present is most satisfactory
to the Boer*.
THEODORE PINTHER.
San Francisco. June 39. 1000.
NEWS OF THE NAVIES.
A.«ahl. the name of Japan's newest bat
tleship, means "rising sun." and Asakl. as
it is . sometimes misspelled, means "th»
cup that cheers."
The Lampo. torpedo boat destroyer,
j mrule SL3 knots on her trial, being an ex
! cess of 1.3 knots over the contract- The
i boat Is one of four ordered at Klbinjr for
j'the Italian navy, and Is 106.3 feet by 21.3
feet and 5.S feet draught. Five boats
• *nmewhat larger are being built In Italian
i yards.
The now British battleship Goliath,
which was placed in commission on March
Zl last, is still tied up at the Portsmouth
dockyard and unable to proceed to the
China station. She returned to the dock
yard May If), havinjr been unable to pass
through the prescribed commission trials
owing to leaky condenser tubes.:- . •¦ ' ' '¦¦'. i
Four flerman yards are b-ullc!lrs thr#«
cruisers and four torpedo, boat destroyers
for Russia. One cruiser of €000 tons Is
bu!Mingr at Stettin, another of like typ*
and trnnas* 1 is at the Germania yard. Kiel,
a cruiser of 3000 tons ts befn?f built by
Schichnn at Dantzisj and the four boats of
."CO tons each am under construction at
Schlchan's yard it Elbir.ff. : '•. •' '•']¦¦ •• ¦¦'¦ :¦'
Sweden is about to- build *ev*ral. protert
, ed cruisers, of 4000 to WOO tons. The de
signs have not yet been prepared, but It
•js contemplated to. hnve superimposed tur
rets, like these on the American battle-".
¦ ships Kearsarge and. Kentucky. The ships
; will also hare high freeboards ami will
; carry batteries of six-inch and Hsfht-lnch
I guns ofthe Bcfors (Swedish) model. .
William Sims., gunner on the Powerful.
j has been promoted to the rank . of chief
: gurner for roo<1 services rendered in tng
j war in South Africa. Mr. Sims betfam* a
' Runner in September, 15S7. arid the promo
| tion mnkf>» him a commissioned oftleer. Ha
1 is the younsost on the list In point of ser-
I vice, as no one hitherto In that grade has
1 been promoted to the quarterdeck in le*s
! than twenty years. . • .- .' . . ;.-; ¦; . . :
! The British Admiralty has purchased a
torpedo boat destroyer built by 'the Ela-
I wick firm. Th • vessel la the largest craft
of this typo yrt turned out, bcirtg 323 feet
in length, am feet beam and 13U tot
depth. She !• fitted with four Yarrftw
boilers and Varsons turbine and wrl __
i tried on the Tyne last month made a mar
imum speed of 35.88G knots and averaepd
about knoKdurinx a «U h 6ar "X
tinucus run. This N equal to tta'iMM.
miles, which is considered good «p2S ?~
; a fast railway train. f l> ". a .-for
The Estr«ma<3uro, a cruiser of MM ?««,
and TOW horsepower, has beo n lauXi *
Cadiz. The vessel fa 290 SSSSS-S
I feet btSafh and 11 feet *£&|32m£3
j the Britlrt cruiser Petorus xvp^' Stf
tery f*n*U of four SVHnch foi2??« ?
pounders and four MSSdmSJKHSP
flrtoa RU33 . TheboilcraareoftS ThoVr^"
croft tyre and the eri R i nes M?6S?£2£
at Barcelona. Loyal Spanish r 5id?nSl
Mexico have contributed th£ ' la
funds fcr the construction anl «mh? qU J Slto
Estrarraduro. «nJ outfit of th a
TH± NOBJ^EN FIF^E.
I I AD any warning been needed to put the Ameri-
I I can people on guard at this season against the
ever menacing danger of fire it would be found
in the appalling disaster which has swept the steam
ship piers at Hoboken, and in addition to destroying
millions of dollars' worth of property caused an awful
loss of life. This calamity following so closely upon
that at Ottawa gives the year a dreadful record of
fire losses and ought to deeply impress the people
with the need of greater carefulness in handling any
thing likely to produce a conflagration.
In San Francisco we are not exposed to such immi
nent danger from fire as that which impends over
Eastern cities during the whole summer season. We.
have not the hot, dry days and nights that render
all sorts of inflammable material almost like tinder and
ready to catch fire and blaze out from the slightest
spark. Our fogs and cool winds are a blessing to us
in that way as well as in others; and, thanks to such
natural advantages and to the vigilance of our fire
men, San Francisco has thus far escaped anything like'
such fires as have devastated the cities of the East.
Still we arc not absolutely safe. Good luck may not
attend us always. The best fire department in the
world cannot check a great fire under certain circum
stances. That much was shown at Portland, at Chi
cago, at Boston, at Ottawa and now at Hobokcn.
The best safeguard against fire is that wise precaution
which prevents an outbreak.
We have already begun the celebration of the
Fourth of July. Yesterday the sound of firecrackers
was heard in almost every part of the city, and the
popping will go on with increasing frequency and
magnitude until the holiday is over. Experience has
proven that form of celebrating the day to be dan
gerous. Each succeeding year brings a long list of
fires following the Fourth. Hardly a single city or
town of any considerable sire in the United States
has escaped heavy losses in that way. A single fire
cracker may start a blaze that will destroy a block of
buildings before it can be checked. The Fire Depart
ment and the Police Department combined cannot
guard against such possibilities. There is needed a
general vigilance and carefulness on the part of the
public. Each householder should look carefully to
his own premises. That is his duty, and precautions
against fire should be a part of all preparations made
for the celebration of the Glorious Fourth.
BUSINESS CONTINUES QUIET.
\ 7 -HEAT and iron were the interesting staples
\ XI hit week. The former receded from its high
¦'*.".. mark and fell off steadily for several days
• heavy realizing by large speculators who were
! • d to take their profits, and by those operators
-rtiVJ thought that the rise had been overdone. There
v to news, however, to justify any marked decline,
;. reports, Governmental and private, corrobor
: ¦¦ he earlier intelligence of the crop disaster in the
. .west. Toward the close of the week a reactior.
.1, foreign orders were to buy, and while there
*v-5 less excitement the tendency was decidedly
towzrd higher quotations again. Saturday's close,
however, was lower and dull.
:"-.:is crop failure in the Northwest cuts more ways
¦: one. Besides reducing the exportable surplus
it] American wheat it diminishes the earnings of
• b't e railroads which tap thai country, advances
ri cs for minor cereals, and thus incidentally the
j:rUe of pork, which in turn gives provisions an up
v d tendency. In addition it affects the California
': ;d fruit trade, for the Northwest has been one of
e_; most generous customers in this line, and a wheat
failure there may mean smaller shipments of our dried
fruit thence.
Iron continued to drift downward. All associations
DOW recognize the market as an open one, with every
man for himself, v. hicii, of course, engenders more or
less cutting all along the line. Offerings are now in
excess of the demand, and prices are steadily declin
ing. Over thirty furnaces have gone out of blast, and
the reduction in quotations for structural iron has
proven disappointing, for the expected increase in
ihc demand has not appeared. The outlook for iron
is t.ow unfavorable.
Other great staples are also languishing. Groceries
ar>- an exception, su;Tar being higher, with a good
canning demand, and tea having been forced up by
tiie Chinese disorder. An advance in raw cotton,
owing to heavy rains in the South, has not prevented
a further decline in cotton cloth. Woolen mills are
closing down here zr.'l there, the demand having
failed to reach expectation*. A good deal of closing
down is also reported in the boot and shoe trade,
which is very dull, with a weakening and depressed
market for hides and leather.
The decrea:-e in the volume of business is shown in
continued loss in national bank clearings, those for
the week being io.6 per cent les^ than for the corre
sponding week la?t year. The failures were 207,
against 181 last year. All indications point to a dull
iriidsunmier. and as it Is a Presidential year no great
activity in trade need be expected until the election
is over. Every foar_years there is a stoppage in trade
on account of a Presidential election; and when it i*
considered t!tat this stoppaarc begins about six months
ahead and continues over the usual quiet winter sea
son, there is. a break of almost a year in business,
(imply because the American people arc electing a
Prc*i<!cr.t. There i« something in this condition that
needs correction. Even in non-Presidential years
there is always a slackening of trade about the 1st of
December, which continues until along in February,
but lo aggravate this partial suspension into an inter
val of nine or ten months is a little too much. Re
duced to figures at least eight out of forty-eight
tnoi'ths arc quadrennially iosl. or partially so. to the
"-juntry's business. If the suspension were total it
would amount to a loss of 16 2-3 per cent: but as it h
only partial, the loss is smaller. Still, it is a sinister
condition at best, and when regarded closely carries
v.ithin it certain signs provocative of serious thought.
Trade in California shows no pronounced change
from last week. The State is quietly harvesting i
lar;:c and profitable crop of fruit and farm produce,
and it sending it av/ay by the steamer and train load
in satisfaction of a rapidly increasing demand. It is
nnqr.cnion.ibly a good year here, whatever it may be
in other parts of the country.
THE members of the San Frnncipco
Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Asso
ciation doffed their uniforms yes
terday, and attired in picnic re-
Ralia went over to Schuetzen Park to
enjoy their annual outing for the benefit
of their sick fund. Fully 3000 people at
tended and the affair added shekles
enough to the fund to guarantee a nurse
or two to a few of the "lads in gray."
Tney consumed so- much popcorn crisps,
chewing candy antl circus lemonade thai
the need of a call on the pick fund will
bo only a matter of a short time.
Assistant Postmaster T5. F. McKinley,
Cashier K. A. O'Connor and Superintend
ent of Carriers A. W. Cox took a day
off and went over to pee the boys enjoy
themselves, nnd Incidentally have a little
fun themselves.
R. II. Morse, floor manager, had his
hands full in preventing the glrla from
abducting "Shorty" O'Nell, but the latter
was not conscious of his danger, or If
he was he did not seem to mind It. Con
rad Trieber, and his lieutenants. F. Fah
renholz and Jos. McGill (the twins), kept
their eyes on Frank Tyrrell, "who carries
south of the slot," and when their self
imposed task proved too arduous, rele
gated that gentleman to the tender mer
cies of j*. V. Ames Jr.. widely known in
postal circles as "many-of-'em."
The management of the affair was in
the hands of the following committees:
Arrangements— James H. Emlth. chairman;
Charles McAulifTe, secretary; Louis E. Bolvln.
treasurer; Joseph I. Hosan, 11. D. Beall. F.
Newlon. B. F. Ames Jr.. II. M. Locke, George
W Splller Charles Peebert, L. Strasser. James
Haedrlch. William H. McNulty, W, J. l'htlan,
J. C. Murphy.
Floor manager — R. II. Morse; assistant nian
iiKtrs—P. J. Whelan. T. B. Mahoney. I>. A.
McNulty, H. K. Logan, Conrad Trieber, S.
Sanders F. Fahrenholz. A. E. Goetz, J. P.
Sullivan, J. E. Welch, Louis Cames. Charles
Webb, F. E. Smith.
On games — R. M. Locke, chairman: L. "I.
Marks. H. Hoffman, A. Bates, Frank Tyrrell.
M. Ott, James Hlckey. ... „.
On shooting— L. H. Bottomly, chairman; >\.
T. Dueommon. R. D. Cunningham, C. Heln
rlch, Fred \V. Clark.
Itaffle — George W. Splller. chairman; Joseph
I. Hoean Jam*s Hapilrlch. J. C. Murphy. H.
M. Locke. W. J. Fhelan.
The races were started promptly at
3 o'clock and afforded great amuse
ment, particularly the walking match be
tv.'een carriers, which was hotly con
tfffterj. and won by C. L.. Oilier. The
winner is entitled to the title of "faat
mail."
Followtr.g is a list of the winners:
Open race— Frank Wilson won, Ar!y Zelln*
»sky pecond.
tlacf for br.ys un<W It— 5». OTJrlen won.
Eusere Ttwrston "e<-ond.
Kaop for fflrlr. under 14— Emma Milliard won,
Lilly Iver«''n second.
ruoe for marrlae^ahl? youns ladles— Klvie
¦\Vebher wrn tt<>?>«" K"lly j»ron.l
Haco for slnglf mm— T. llahnncy won, J.
Haynfj second.
Race for married [adit*— Mrs. Nellie Byrne
won. Aim. H. EL Kelly second.
Rar» for fat men— J. C Kin* won, II. In
geryon of auditor's office sernml.
Rate for men over 50— J. nartlett won, Fred
Stanley .xerond.
Ra?e for carrlrrs-E. H. Zl.«ka won, C. De
van feennd.
Harp for pnstoffW <-lerk«'— A. Lleb«cher won.
It. J. Caveney second.
Race for boys under 10— Roy Tyrrell won,
H»rt Johnscn second.
Rare for girls under 10— Edna Close won.
Louis* Tnunx second.
Walking match for rnriiers— C. L. Giller
won. C. McAuliffe ?ernn<I.
ShootlnR match, ten prUex— Clarenre Hen
derson fln-t prize. F. P. Srhu«er second C. J.
Walflran third. K. A. Shrumff f.urth and fifth.
J C. K!n« sixth. T. A. KuhlB nevonth. C
Mohr *i*hth. S. E. Johnson ninth and A. K.
Goetz tenth.
P0RTT7GUESE HOLD PICNIC.
Large Attendance at Shell Mound
and Pleasant Time Enjoyed.
The I'ortuj;ue?e Protective and Benevo
lent Association held its annual picnic
yesterday at Shell Mound Park. The at
tendance was very large and the affair
was voted a great ?uccc?s. The u.«ual
games were Indulged In by the merry |
picnickers and there were dancing floors
thronged throughout the day. In the
main pavilion a flrst-clapa band played
for those who cared to waltz, and in the
hall on the hill a string orchestra furnish-
ed the music for those who wished to
dance the national Portuguese light steps.
There were over 150 gate prizes given
away anil the large gathering was orderly
throughout the day.
The association is now thirty-two years
rifl and is in a very prosperous condition.
The officers of the society are: President.
A. 9. Martlnho; vice president. J. J.
Freitas: secretary. A. I*. Quaresma: finan
cial secretary, John Rafael: • trustees, ¦ J.
3. Bell. J. Coelho and M. Eduardo,
The following committees made toe pic
nic a success: •' •'-'. ¦:-. ; .;•
Arrangements— John Rafael (chairman), A,
L. Quaresma (secretary). J. Coelho (treasurer),
C. Fuller and F. C. Saralva. .. - _
Floor—A. S. Martlnho. A. I* Quaresma. J. K.
'ltereptlr>n— M. T. Frettas." M; F. M: Trtsuetro,
Jnso Hapttxta. M. Eduardo and M. Garcia.
Prlaps— John Rafael. J. J. de Freitas. P. I*
C. Silvelra and A. Ferry. __ >. ¦ .
Tombola— M. T. Coota and I>nl» Krwltas..; •.
Ticket? — J. F. Barnardo and J. Coelho. #
Oat"— F. Sousa, F. I. Cardoxa. J. Luis aafl
M. aIvm. ¦:¦ ¦¦¦ •;;';¦ ;
DBUIDS* BASKET PICNIC.
Merry Time Enjoyed by Golden- Star
Grove at Fairfax.
The basket picnic given yesterday oy
Golden Star Grove No. 104. United Order
of Druids, at Fairfax Park proved a
splendid success. The day was exception
ally pleasant and the people had a good
opportunity to enjoy the programme pre
sented by the management. About one
thousand people enjoyed th» ¦; picnic^
Across the road and outside.' of . tbe
grounds some of the picnickers had a
bullshond cooked with all the attendant
delicacies.
Several hundred of the people- tramped
over the hills. The majority enjoyed th»
music of the brass band and the dancing
afforded in the pavilion. The committees
in charge of the picnic were:
Arrangement— YV. Antonovich. F. For
cada. J. Ro«sl. J. Demeny. M. Saucedo. D.
Ryan. J. \V*. Baston, N. Nieri and. TV*. J.
Simpson.
Floor— p. g. Antonovich (managers P.
J. Moliterno. C. Ghiselll, J. J. Joseph,
John Ii«r»ln. H. Kuhlmeyer. A. Nierl,
Frank Sangulnetti and A. Regenier. ' . • ;
SOME OF THOSE WHO HELPED MAKE THE LETTER-CABRIEItS' OTJTHTG A SUCCESS.
TROUBLE 0T THE FUNERAL.
BY a natural, and, it seems, an irresistibly per
verse, instinct Democracy takes to faction fight
ing as a duck takes to water. When there is
nothing else to fight about every Democrat in camo
is perfectly willing to fight about nothing. Even the
crowds now going to Kansas City, on what is clearly
an errand to attend a political funeral, are diligently
seeking out occasions and causes for disagreement.
There is no possible chance to make a fight over the
nominee for the Presidency, so they are trying to ar
range for a shindy over the platform. It never oc
curs to them that if. they do not put Bryan on a silver
plank they will put him up a tree; and it would hardly
make any difference if it did occur to them. Lf they
cannot have a ruction on the platform there will be
no chance for a ruction at all, and so the platform
battle goes.
The only men of any eminence in the party who
appear to have a desire for peace are those two old
fellows, Morgan of Alabama and Watterson of Ken
tucky. They have been red-hot scrappers in their
time, but are not willing to waste their failing lung
power in a scrimmage over any such game as Bryan.
Watterson has declared that the platform will mean
nothing anyhow, and that it will make no difference
what is put in it. Morgan, on the other hand, advo
cates-the rcadoption of the Chicago platform in full,
and says: "The people will understand us if we do
that. A new alignment will lose us more than we
gain."
Morgan's statement is mild and fairly reasonable,
but the anti-silver men are rabid against it. One of
them says: "But it is not Senator Morgan's spurious
interpretation of the Chicago platform that gives an
evil distinction to his utterance. It is his shocking
confession that an appraisal of the loss and gain deter
mines the true course of the party. The votes, the
votes, he cries; throw principle to the dogs, but get us
the votes! And such votes! The votes of hairy,
bawling Populism, of debt repudiation, of anarchy -
breeding socialism, of all the March hares of politics
and of the shouting, headlong, mindless Bryan idol
ators who lately sought to throw him out of his seat
in the Senate that they might put in one of their own
stripe— these are the voters Senator Morgan weighs
in the balance and finds them worthy to be courted
and kept, even at the cost of losing the support of the
voters who make up the bone and sinew of American
manhood."
The length of the step from the mildness of Mor
gan's statement to the fury of that reply shows the
rapid decrees by which the factions are hastening to
the scrapping point. When the fellows who rage
about "hairy, bawling Populism" run up against some
vigorous Bryanite shouting damnation to anybody
opposed to 16 to i the fun will begin, and we shall
have a circus at the funeral that will make Rome howl.
MONDAY.. , JULY '2, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
.Address A!! Communications to VV. S. LEAKE. Manager.
.MASAGEITS OFFICE To J^ pl "^!-3l55^!LC^
IUBLICAT1ON OFFICK.-Mnrfcet «"««1 Third. S. F.
Telephone l'rtm 2O1.
EDITOniAL nOOMJS.. . .217 to 221 Stereiiioil St.
Telephone l>rr«a 202.
Delivered 1»T On-rlem. 13 On<« Per Weelc.
Mncle Coplen. C Centn.
Term* by Mnil, IneladlMgr 1'ostngret
r>A.IT>T CALL (including Sunday), one year JS.M
DAILY CALL fiocludtnr Sunday). « months S.*l
PAILT CALL rincludinir Sunday). S months 1.60
PAILV CALI^Br Single. Month «*C
FT'NUAT CALL One Year 1-W
AVEKKLT CALL One Y<**r.. LOO
Ail pofitxnastcr* arc authorized to receiTt*
¦nlntrriptlon*.
Sample <xtlt-» *ill be forwarded vtcn requested.
OAICLAMJ OFFICE 111S Broadway
C GEOftGE KROGNES3.
Wantgcr Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Lcbj: DisUnc* Telephore "Central 2613.")
nkvt TpBK connnsroxDENT:
C. C. CARLTON. Heraid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcennan Houee: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
TVemoot lie use; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
W*13orf -A rtorta Hotel; A. BrenUno. n Union Square;
llErray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. CA OFFfCE Wellington Hotel
VCRTCN E. CRANE, Correspondent.
Cn »\r»t OFFin:S-rr7 Montgomery, corner of Clny. op«n
rntll S:30 o'clc<-k. SCO Ha\ee. open until 9:S1 o'clock. 633
Kr AHSfter, or*a un'11 S:I0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
*:J0 oclnck. 2*41 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth. < pen until S o' flock. 1096 Valencia. op»a
until S o'clock. 10* |~ll m Illll. op«n until » o'clock. KW cur
nor Twnty-ieo^nd and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
LETTER CARRIERS HAVE A
MOST ENJOYABLE OUTING
REPUBLICAN C0MP CLEANING.
PON the members of the executive and the
I I advisory committee of the Republican County
{_) Committee rest the responsibility or revising
the rolls of the Assembly district clubs and rectifying
any wrong that may have occurred, either by fraud or
by mistake, in making them up. The articles of the
plan adopted for the organization of the clubs are
explicit on that point. Article 4 declares: "Any com
plaint as to the fairness or justice of enrollment, and
any complaint as to the organization of any club as
hereinafter provided, shall be made to the joint execu
tive and advisory committee, or to a sub-committee
chosen by the same, and shall be promptly decided by
said joint committee, such decision to be final."
Under that rule honest Republicans who have rea
son to believe that frauds have been practiced by the
Kelly and Crimmins crowd in any district have a
means of relief at hand. It is their right and it is thei r
duty, to file complaints of any wrongs of which they
have knowledge, and thus enable the joint committee
to purify the rolls of stuffers and enable the honest
Republicans of the district to organize the club and
elect officers.
Even before a thorough investigation has been
made it is known that frauds have been perpetrated
in some of the districts. As was pointed out in The
Call yesterday proof can be produced that in certain
districts persons were permitted to enroll themselves
who are not residents of the district. There are other
districts where the saloon element, with all the toughs
and bummers under the control of the bosses, appears
to have so packed the rolls that the gang will be as
sured of control of the clubs unless a thorough purg
ing of the rolls can be made. Thus it will be seen
there is much work before the joint committee and
that the responsibility resting upon its members is
grcr.t.
It was reported in the Chronicle yesterday that
"compromises will be made in some of the district 5
and the delegates divided between the conflicting in
terests. The Kelly and Crimmins people say that if
they are not given satisfactory representation they
will start opposition clubs in the districts that are sub
jects of contention.'
If that report be true, and the Republican party be
required to compromise with the saloon bosses or to
fight them, there will be no hesitation about the
choice. Honest Republicans will have to fight Kelly
and Crimmins under any circumstances. There is no
compromising that issue. The only question if.
whether the disreputable bosses shall be permitted to
sneak into the Republican camp and fight honesty
there, or whether they shall be driven out and com
pelled to take the position of open foes instead of that
of treacherous and pretended friends.
It should not be left to these job hunting, roll
stuffing be sses to begin the contest against honesty
'"if they are not given satisfactory representation."
1 he fight should be forced on them. Wherever there
i? a Kelly and Crimmins ticket put up in the primary
election the honest Republicans of the district should
put up a clean ticket in opposition. There should oe
vo compromise whatever with bosses whose very
presence in the Republican convention would be a
disgrace that would discredit its actions and weaken
its influence with the voters.
There is no u?e piling up arguments on this issue.
1 he experience of the past has shown that the people
are intolerant of the saloon boss power in politics.
Any compromise with Kelly and Crimmins will en
danger the whale campaign. The time has come for
the Republican party to clean up the camp.. The
whole breed of reptiles that have crawled into it to
profit by its victories, or to strike a poisonous blow
at its true champions, must be driven out of it.
that trails along the street is not only a collector of
dust and dirt, but of disease germs as well, and is a
menace to public health.
In expounding his doctrine Dr. Wilson says: "The
main contention of the sanitarian is that a large
amount of septic dust (that is, dust liable to induce
disease) is brought indoors through the medium of
the sweeping skirt. Among the organisms thus liable
to be introduced into our homes is the bacillus of
consumption. It exists in a dried state almost every
where, and is certain to be gathered up by the skirt
off the pavement as a more than likely place for its
presence. Dusted off within doors, we then introduce
it to our houses, where it may infect us in due course.
Many other germs, harmless and the reverse, are thu3
brought within doors by long skirts, and of the pos
sible state of underclothing produced by this habit the
less said the better. The woman with a trailing dress,
however, is a nuisance to others as well as. to herself.
She raises a maelstrom of dust as she wends her way
along the pavement, and those who come after her
and those who meet her have to encounter the mi
crobic breeze to which she has given origin."
"Microbic breeze" is a good phrase for a bad thing.
It is sad to think that lovely woman should cause it:
but since it is so we can sympathize with the statement
of the Edinburgh scientist: "When women have to
lift their dresses in order to show forth the rainbow
hues of the petticoat, one may be able to proclaim the
old saying about Solomon in his glory, while we at
the same time thank heaven they are keeping their
skirts off the ground."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900
"The Mission policeman who hustled a tcn-ycar-old
boy out of his home into one of the "tanks" of the
City Prison appears to have missed his vocation. He
it qualified to be an attache of the public pound.
4
AMUSEMENTS.
Cal'.rornia— "A Pay and Xlght."
Tiyoll— ••Th«> OcUfca."
Air* tar— "<'.ar:nen."
Orrheuir.— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-hi»use — "Children .->f the Ghetto."
Columbia — "Tree of Knowledge. '
OiyiBpla. rorner Map^n and Krtdy strwt!>— Ppeclaltles.
Chutos.Zooar.d 1 heater— Vaudeville every afiornoon and
<ven'nc.
Fischer" *— '•Romeo ar.4 Juliet."
I Fuir<. Hath* — Oix-n r.icHf.
Prws Clip P ?nt' Bureau Wl L C n -£ e 2, rt b & th «
comd-y 5t , Telephone Mafai^ BW * 0^-
j Cal. rlaee fruit 50c per Ib »t Tbw^,v. .Exhibition of Pupils' Work.
The annual exhibition of the pupils of
the freehand drawing class of the Me
chanics' Institute taught by tk P. Lati
mer will open to-night at the Mechanics*
Library and will remain open in the day
time during the r^st of the week. The
exhibition is free to the public
Bobert Trewln Badly Injured. »
Robert Trewln, ex-steward at the Re
ceiving Hospital, met with a serious ac
cident Saturday. He was on an electric
car ln the Poterero and signalled it to
stop. Before he reached the ground the
car started and he was thrown violently
forward on his face. His right arm was
broken, • his teeth knocked out and his
face cut and bruised. He was taken to
the railroad company's hospital for treat
ment.
Battered His Father.
W. W. McNeill. a printer in the rail
way mall service living on Fillmore street
near Waller, was arrested yesterday by
Policeman Haley on charges of using vul
gar language,- disturbing the peace and
battery. The complaining witness is D.
W. McNelll. his father. The father called
upon the son yesterday to collect some
money he had loaned him and a fight en
sued. The young man was. taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where a contusion of
his right hand was dressed, and ho was
then taken to the prison. He said he in
jured his hand by accidentally striking
it against a door, but it is alleged he
gtrucK at his father's face and landed on
the wall.
FDURTH OF JULY is beginning
early this year. The Injured small
boy is In evidence at the Harbor
Hospital even st'this date and is
sure to grow more numerous as the days
go by. Sidney Smith tested hl3 toy pistol
peveral days ago and is likely to lose his
life in consequence. Eric Everson also
tried his toy gun and if proper attention
is not given him he will lose hi3 right
hand. W;; ; '
Doth cases came to the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday morning while Dr. Dray
was on watch. Sidney Smith is about
12 years old and his parents live at
COO Davis street. The lad was getting his
gun " ready for the celebration on tho
Fourth and in order to test the weapon
put a blank charge in. It went off and
the powder and wadding lodged in the
palm of his hand. Sidney concealed tho
wound from his parents and went about
the house as usual. The hand began to
fester and some simple remedies ' were
used.
Yesterday morning the boy went' into
convulsions and nothing gave him relief.
His muscles became rigid and his jaws
locked so that nothing could be passed
into his mouth. The Ha'rbor Hospital
was notified and In a short time th^ boy
was removed in the ambulance. Dr.
Dray found all the symptoms of tetanus
and used all the means at his disposal to
save the boy'a 'life. When the palm
of the hand was cut open a quantity of
powder and wadding was found imbedded
in the flesh. This was removed and as
the patient showed no signs of recovery
he was sent In a hurry to* the City and
County Hospital.
An hour after Sidney Smith had been
sent to the City and County Hospital.
Eric ErlcKson was brought in from US
Tchama street. The lad hal been play
ing with a toy pistol and an accidental
discharge sent the contents into the palm
of his right hand. Dr. Dray had another
hour's hard work in getting all the pow
der and wadding out of this hand. With
the memory of Sidney Smith's case in his
mind the physician sent a note to little
Eric's parents warning them to have a
physician attend to the hand as the
wound if not .properly treated might re
sult in death.
Alec Fraser will not make the great
showing on the Fourth that he expected,
lie' was training a monkey to represent
the Goddess of Liberty, in a pantomime
he was to give at the Adams House on
Sacramento street next- Wednesday. The
monkey objected to the dress and bit
Fraser in half a dozert places yesterday
morning. Hi3 wounds were dressed at the
Harbor Hospital.
Robert Anton, aged 11 years, yesterday
undertook to emulate General Shatter in
his famous Santiago battle. He loaded a
mlnature cannon with black powder and,
unlike the artillerymen, instead of pulling
the string at a safe distance he placed a
match to the vent. The discharge wa,s
entirely satisfactory so far as the cannon
was concerned, but unfortunately for the
hov his right hand was badly lacerated.
A trip to the City and County Hospital
followed, where the wounded member was
dressed, after which the young patriot
was taken by his mother to her residence
at 714 Potrero avenue.
John Banker, a Friendless Boy, Ar
rssted Because He Was Watch
ing the Game.
rollceman John II. Colen. whose record
for peculiar arrests is ahead of any other
m"mber of the department, atrain distin
guished himself yesterday by arresting an
Innocent boy on a charge of playing cru
soe. The boy has no friends in the city
and had to remain in the City Prison
among men charged with all sorts of of
fenses. ¦ .;¦-
Several boys were playinp cruson on
William BtreetJ and Cole:'., who Js always
aching for an arrest, saw them. They all
ir.fcde their escape except John Banker,
a boy !•> years of Pge. who was looking
on at the came. He did not attempt to
run and Co!en grabbed him. He marched
him to the patrol box corner of Ellis
and Taylor streets and rang in for the
wagon. A crowd gathered and wondered
what desperate criminal Colen had
caught. The officer on the wagon was
astonished when he was told to book
th* 1 Jif.y for playing crusoe.
"I -was not playing crusoe," said John
nie, wh#»n pf-en in the prison. "I was sim
ply looking on at the other boys play,
and toirl the policeman so. but he insisted
on arresting me. I came from San Jose
hist nisht to try to set- a job. I used
to worn for Morton's special delivery in
this city. I have no friends to bail me
out and I suppose I will have to stay in
jail till to-morrow."
DETAINED IN PRISON
FOR PLAYING CRUSOE
One Lad So Seriously Injured by a
Fourth of July "Cannon That He
May Die— Other Casualties.
SMALL BOYS BEGIN
CELEBRATING EARLY
IGNATIAN COUNCIL Y. M. I.,
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
Names of Tllose Who Will Guide Des
tinies of Organization for
One Year.
Cathedral Council No. 59. Young Men's
Institute, held its annual election of offi
cers last Thursday nigh, at Native Sons*
Hall. The successful candidates are:
Honorary chaplain. Very Rev. J. J. Prender
irast: chaplain. Rev. E. P. Dempsey; president.
Walter U. Dorn: first vice president, P. F.
McCarthy; second vice president, D. C.
Deasy; recording secretary. John J. Clifford;
financial secretary. Fred E. Farmer; corre
sponding- secretary. P. J. Farrell; treasurer,
Charles H. Caulfleld; marshal. W. A. Hofmann;
medical examiner. Dr. William O. Hopper; ln-
Fide sentinel, William J. Rattlean; outside sen
tinel Edward "WlBkotsehill; executive commit
tee. Louis A. Kelly. Neal Power and Frank
Gonzalez.
The delegates to the Grand Council to
be held next Ausust are TV. Chester
Keogh and Neal Power, the alternates
being Charles If. Beardsley and Benja
min Li. McKinley.
Daniel C. Deasy, Ij. A. Kc]}y and W. E.
Dorn were appointed a committee to ar
range for a high jinks to be given under
the auspices of the council in Shasta Hall,
Native Sons' building. Monday. July 26.
The best local amateur talent will be se
cured and an enjoyable time Is in store
for all those who attend.
"Will Lecture on China.
H. E. Bostwick, pastor's assistant and
Sunday-school superintendent of Trinity
Presbyterian Church, whose son is en
gaged in railroad building in Korea, paid
him a visit some months ago and after
ward made a short excursion to Peking,
via Chefu. Taku and Tientsin. The re
sult of his observations he will give in a
paper which he will read at the meeting
of the Presbyterian Ministerial Union at
The Epicure's Delight
BLACK Sc TAX— "The American Porter"— the
newest product of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Am'n. Is dellclously piquant In flavor, tempt
ing and p)*>a»inp to the palate. E. O. Lyons
Co., Wholesale Dealers. San Francisco.
Adams to Speak on "The Novel."
Henry Austin Adams will lecture at
Metropolitan Temple to-night on "The
Novel" for the benefit of the Francesca
Training School. The affair is under the
direction of Miss Harriet M. Skldmore.
Tickets are to be 25 cents, and reserved
seat tickets (only obtainable at "Mon
itor" olllce. 37 Flood Building) will be 25
cents extra. Tickets may be had of mem-
Ins of the society or at Metropolitan
Hall.
| SOLDIERS ON SUMNER
! ' . MAKE LOUD PROTEST
:
Claim That Quartermaster Underfed
Them— Second Steward Will Sue
for Damages.
There is trouble brewing for Captain
Charles T. Baker, quartermaster of the
i luxuriously fitted transport Sumner, for
< his alleged ill treatment of Second Stew
1 ard W. fcL Clark on the voyage over from
i Manila. Clark was kept in the ship's
"brig" for eighteen days prior to the ar
rival of the Sumner in port and then
summarily dismissed from the service and
sent ashore, lie claims that he was im
prisoned without cause, and says that he
will sue Captain Baker for heavy dam
ages, and will preler charges against him
at Washington.
"The 110 discharged soldiers who came
over in the 'steeratre' of the palatial
transport are also talking of preferring
charges against Baker for alleged mis
treatment. The/ claim that they were
underfed and treated like cattle, where
as the oflicers lived on fri^d chicken and
all sorts of good things. Quartermaster-
Sergeant Kent, who seems to be leader
among the p->ldiers who came over in the
Sumner, declares that the food given to
the men. in addition to being scant, was
unnt to eat.
"Why." he said, "while there were over
100 of us. we received rations for about
forty. We spent over 51000 among us on
tho voyage for extra food. I know what
an arniy ration is. The regulations allow
l 4 i pouiius of meat ner day to each man.
but we were lucky to get half a pound of
ro'.ien mpat. I've been in Cuba and have
seen hard service In the Philippines, but
never was I served so badly by the com
missary as on this trip. Our repeated pro
tests to Captain Baker seemed to have
no effect on him whatever.
"Chief Steward Galloway was fired off
the ship at Nagasaki for trying to give us
a square deal, and when Second Steward
Clark tried it he was put in the brig and
k«?pt there. I'm not a kicker, but I don't
like to be starved. That man Baker ought
to be thrown out of the service."
Stirring Sermon at Emanuel Evan
gelical Church by Rev. W. H.
Althouse.
The Rev. W. H. Althouse, pastor of the
Kmanuel Evangelical Church, delivered
the sermon at the morning service. He
took for the subject of his discourse
"Christ's Revelation to His Disciples." He
said in part:
"Christ spoke most comforting words
to his disciples before his death and de
parture. He directed their thoughts to
the fact that he would reveal himself to
them in a spiritual manner. That the
disciples thought was impossible. They
could not also understand how he could
reveal himself to them and not to the
world. Spiritual revelation is only ob
tained by the disciples of Christ. When
we accept Jesus we yield to the influence
of the spirit of God."
CHRIST'S REVELATION
TO HIS DISCIPLES
SCHOONER MIZPAH REPORTED
SAFE IN MEXICAN PORT
She Arrived at Manzanillo on May
20 Last, Short of Provisions
and Water.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
er Acapulco arrived from Panama
and way ports yesterday. Among 1
tho passengers was Captain Pear
son of the schooner Mizpah. This
vessel is now out 106 days from Punta
Arenas for San Francisco and The Call
had an exclusive account of her being
overdue in connection with the reinsur
ance on the Americana. At that time It
was pointed out that both vessels were
probably delayed by light and unfavor
able winds.
The Americana put into Honolulu on
June 14, short of provisions and water
and the Mizpah reached Manzanillo on
May 20 suffering from similar shortages.
Both vessels had almost the same kind
of weather and both of them will have
to receive considerable overhauling when
they reach San Francisco.
Captain Pearson left the Mizpah at
Manzanillo and came home on the Aca
pulco. Captain Sutherland, formerly of
the schooner Sophie Sutherland, is in com
mand, and will reach port in due time.
Captain Pearson says his vessel is all
right and nothing but urgent private bus
iness brought him home.
10:30 o'clock this morning In the Mission
Home of the Woman's Occidental Mis
sionary Board. 920 . Sacramento street.
The Rev. Father Yorke Preached on
the Importance of the
Day.
The feast of tne Apostles Saints Peter
and j Paul was celebrated in all the Cath
olic churches of the city yesterday. At
St. Ignatius Church the sermon in the
morning was preached by the Rev. Father
Chiappa. At St. Peter's Church solemn
high mass was celebrated at 10:30 o'clock.
The Rev. Father lorke preached the ser
mon and at the close of his discourse the
oenediction of the blessed sacrament was
pronounced.
At St. Mary's Church the altars were
beautifully decorated with red roses in
honor of the saint*. The evening sermon
was delivered by the Rev. Father
O'Keeffe. He said in part:
"Italy and Spain are the most romantic
countries in the world. The climate must
have something to do with it. The Italians
at their services in their old country like
florid music, and bright lights. The child
ren dance in front of the tabernacle. The
people of this country are more staid, yet
it is all one religion.
"The beautiful architectural buildings
of the church, the altars and fine singins
are mere outward forms. They are
shadows. But the Catholic faith never
changes. It was founded on a rock and
will last forever. Let us all strive for
heaven. The kingdom of heaven Is like a
net cast into the sea, and gathering in all
kinds of fishes."
At the close of hi3 sermon Father
O'Keeffe administered solemn benedic
tion.
SAINTS PETER AND PAUL
{ FEAST WAS CELEBRATED
THE Republicans of San Francisco have a solemn duty
to perform. They have shown In their reEistration In the
district clubs tbat they mean to take a part in the poli
tics of San Francisco, of the State and of the nation,
which means that the decent people of this city will insist
upon a representation of their rights in the administration
of local. State and National government. The struggle, how
ever, has just begun. The saloon -is quite as prominent a3
it ever was in local municipal affairs. The men who have
governed the city through the side entrance of a tenderloin
saloon are as prominent to-day as they were before the
thought of reform struck the people of SanFranciFco. These
men represent all that Is vicious in municipal affairs. They
represent the prostitution of municipal morality, the degra
dation of public men, the humiliation of citizens and the
story Of what San Francisco should not be in the eyes of
other cities in the State. Republicans have shown by their
enrollment in the district clubs that they mean to do their
duty to their party and to the State.
The struggle has just begun, and they must take their
part In the election ot officers and in the government of the
clubs of which they are members in order that misrule will
not cheat them out of the triumph of government for which
they are striving. Every Republican who has signed his
name to the roll of a district club has a right, as far as his
vote goes, to decide who shall be an officer of that club, and
the officers of every club will determine what the policy of
the Republican party In this campaign will be.
It Is, therefore, the duty of every Republican who has
signed a district roll to insist upon his privilege of having
a voice in party affairs. If this is done San Francisco will
have the unique experience of witnessing a body of men de
termined upon their right to have purity In public affairs
and insisting that they shall have a voice In the choice of
men who will represent them in municipal and other gov
ernment. They will demand that the blackguards who gov
ern slderoom saloons will not govern local Republican poli
tics.
Had Txro Ribs Broken.
Johr. S. Blackir.ston.a man aged 73 years
old. while sunning himself on a fence
In front of his residence at 1722 Dolores
Ftreet yesterday, fell to the ground,
breaking two of his ribs. H> was convey
ed to the City and County HoFDltal by the
parrel weir^n from the Seventeenth-street
Ftation. where Dr. L. Relndart set the
fractured rwinrs. after which he was re
me.ved to his home.
P-^cial T?:5^«tch to The Ca!I
TUCSON, Ariz., July 1.— Charley Hood
end Eurt Grover passed through Tucson
This afternoon with Billy Stiles, the high
wayman who held up a Southern Faeilic
train. Tho capture was made at Casa
Grande last r.isM and Stiles was taken
by surprise. Stiles' wife and mother live
there and he had gone to visit them.
Hood is a line rider and is the man who
led the posse that captured tue robbers
before* the Jail delivery occurred. Grover
Is a deputy sheriff of Cochise County.
Ptlles talked with some friends while
here.
A'.vord Is supposed to be In custody and
concealed by the officers. Bravo Juan,
the third member of the band, has not
b^n taken. The officers stated that they
had no trouble in capturing the fugitives,
having taken them by surprise as they
were coming into Casa Grande. A reward
nf S500 for each of the outlaws was of
fered and it is said that Wells. Fargo &.
Co. offer*s3 an increased reward for their
Immediate capture. The men could have
been taken long ago had the reward been
high erjough. as they have been extreme
ly b'nli No one thought that the capture
wnt:M be made without bloodshed, but
Hood j F fl ckver trailer and got his men
wh*»re he wanted them before he threw
down his guns on them.
The men were taken to Tombstone.
vrhTe Pan Fir.ley Is under arrest charged
•with complicity with them in effecting:
The escape. Ftlles" testimony is needed
to mrvict FinJpy. but it is doubtful if he
wi'l Implicit* him.
Xn Company With Alvord and Bravo
Juan Held Up and Robbed a
Southern Pacific
Train.
Highwayman Who Escaped
From Prison in Tomb
stone Recaptured.
BILLY STILES
IS ONCE MORE
UNDER ARREST
REPUBLICANS OF SAN FRANCISCO
HAVE A SOLEMN DUTY TO PERFORM
Enrollment of Republican voters dur'ng
the week ended June 00 gave the betterele
meiits of the party the advantage. of num
bers enrolled in fourteen of ».he eighteen
Assembly district clubs. According to the
plan adopted by the Republican County
Committce, under whose auspices the en
rollment was conducted, the rolls are to
be carefully inspected. Complaints of fraud
or unfairness in excluding qualified Re
publicans from enrollment, or in permit
ting stuffers to enroll, must be hoard by
the joint executive and advisory com
mittees of the Republican County Com
mittee. It is expected that members of
the committee will perform their duty to
the city and the party without the slight
est wavering.
There can be no compromise with Kelly
and Crimmins. The sooner the creatures
of bossism are placed in the background
the better it will be for the cause of
good government in fc-an Francisco. The
merchants, manufacturers, workingmen
and taxpayers can certainly apprt-ciate the
fact that the Republican party must b*
relied upon to protect the ousiness and
industrial interests of the city. In times
past disgusted and discouraged citizens
of Republican faith had the privilege of
appealing to the non-partisan elements or
to the Uemocratie party for relief when
their own party seemed to be dominated
by boss influence.
Conditions have changed. The primary
election law practically removes the non
partisan element from the political stage.
Events since the election of Phelan have
demonstrated beyond all doubt that gov
ernment under the Bubonic Democratic
party will depreciate the value of prop
erty, drive our commerce to other cities,
bankrupt our merchants and impoverish
our workingmen.
The Republican party is the only agency
of good government available, hence the
merchants, laboring men and property
owners cannot afford to allow bosses o'f
the Crimmins-Kelly tvpe to control the
clubs and dictate the nominations. Every
citizen of ordinary intelligence knows that
Phil Crimmins and Martin Kelly are as
destitute of patriotism as they are of de
cency. They do not care a nickel whether
McKinley or Bryan be elected President.
They are reaching out to get a hold on the
party organization in order to send some
apc-nt of corruption to the Legislature.
State Senators are to be elected who will
hold over and vote for a United States Sen
ator to succeed George C. Perkins. The
depraved bosses expect to make mer
chandise of votes in the Legislature.. They
are plotting and scheming in the' dark,
while honest men of the party arc work
ing for a livelihood in the legitimate fields
of industry.
Pinhead politicians who talk of surren
dering: principle for harmony argue that
since no municipal offices are to be filled
next November th*> bosses cannot hurt thu
city in this campaign. This is the proper
time to fight apents of corruption in local
affairs and drive "them out of political
business. The State Central Committee
the Congressional committees and the
county committees should represent in the
fullest sense the law-abldinj- and self-re
specting citizens of the Republican party.
Five thousand San Francisco voters of
non-partisan tendency will be added to
the Republican strength next November
if the Republican County Committee shall
stand firm and uncompromisinfr in its de
termination to emancipate the local or
ganization from every vestige of Kelly
and Crimmins domination.
Better Element of Party Given Ad
vantage in Enrollment — County
Committee Will Strike
Off Stuffers.
Clean Republican Organiza
tion in Every District
Is Demanded.
NO COMPROMISE
WITH THE BOSSES
CAN BE MADE
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.
5
The men carry on dressmaklngr and th«
women carry burdens.
• Fcr the cun ot all disorder* of the Stomach.
3-!v*t. Tip-Kelt. Kl«lnej-s. Bladder. Femals Ir-
.r»KUlarltief. Sick Headache. Billoasnesa, Con*
ttlpltlon. Piles and all derangements o f ths
Internal Viscera. SSc a box. At Dmcrlsta. or
t> BAIL llADWAT A CO.. New Twit.
Purely t>e»tiible. ir.lld and reliable. Caa««
f nfect cie'Tttcn. complet* absorption <uij
ealttrul recTilarlty. ,
They have a name for every year; they
have not yet adopted the simpler plan of
tjvisv OR JORDAN'S sbe&t
(•SBSEU3 8> fiilfiTOMY
A C^ lZZliilSIZiVt.tsi.t^tTX^.^i.
\ fSt : The LarprrtAa«tnnicaI Muvcuin ia the
A J_iJn_) Wood. v. eakucses or *-.y contracted
fT- : fj? <\ ic-M- |»'tilHrIfrurf«l . y :hfff>iic : t
Q. >P-'««i 4>?ee«j4jtcaOk.-CcB«. Csu^yoin-.
h P^-'l OS. J033AH-PSIYATE DISEASES
\ >' fiV^fe "J Cn.-wultsooa fnn «nd strfrtly prtra:e.
(i I jjt'ZjF ifi frt irner.t pet»onaliy oc *>r Irticr. A
\ P f » *^ ""' *-^ tr * ln CTt 7 o.'x us Jsitakeo.
ft P I \\Pi> V r .tefw"W:k.B»nM.Oa«r»lircF
•' * ; i' mholo ful '.A
A ' <i U- ¦"•¦**•¦ bock for b~ii)
" Oil H»Ut>AK &VO . J05t MartPt^t..8. V.
They begin dinner with dessert and end
with soup and fish.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
'*^|gt SO.-**
222-224 SUTTES STREET
SMOKERS.
"LA /MURIEL" Ci 2 ar just ar-
rive:!. No finer goods ever cim? j
from Havana, tni thess p:ic:s will I
astonish yju:
Everywhere O.-r price
Regular bit size _ lOc each
Regular 3 fjr 50c \2\z each
Regu^ir 25c 2llc each
Regufar 3 for $1 2 5c each
rh<-«e -»rr no • 1 «n. c i i i prices," but
OLJS REGULAR PRICES.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
Monday and Tuesday.
Fireworks, each S!,S2 f S3. S5,S8,$!2
Fine assortment p>9t up in bo-fs.
Pinaappla. sliced 2-lb can 20c
From SIrearore. Hfgularly 23c.
La?arine, regular 10c 3 pkgs 25c
.Makes washine ea«y.
Soups, ell kinds qt cans 3?c
Reg-. 20c ani 3Cc. Pint cans 3 for SOc
Francc-Anifrlcan bran<!.
Tomato Mustard, ?f«« bott'e 20c
RcBularly l'c bot. I" I-"c.
Germsa!, r^ Blr^'«*» t IG-lb bg 3£c
Stryker's Kitchen Soap 8 for 25c
~Rpin\AT\y 8 for r^c. Always hanjy
In th* h«ii*o.
Flor d3 Gosta Rica Coffee Id 25c
Roasted and srro!in<i en cur premises.
The best obtainable in the world.
Dainty Chips l-lb cartons 15c
A slightly salted wafer. Re?. 20c.
Cherries in Maraschino, Viclor
qt bot 65c, pt bot 40c
None b«tter. Regularly 7>c and 50c.
Oystars Spiced, in jars qt 65c, pt 40c
I From Flilton Market. X»w York. Reg-
ularly 70c end SCe.
Toothbrushes 25c
Lconen's. Parfa. Ttecalarly 35e.
Toctii Powder --victoria- 20c
Listerated or wlntergreen. R-^. :;c.
Claret gal 65c
Regular Jl. A fine old wine.
Wiikky, "0 f d Glory" ct bot $1.00
Xin* years old. a high- _«l J nn
grade blend. gal v-.UU
FREE— V.'Ith wh bott!» 2 and with
each gallon 6 N»autifu!!y d^corat?i
Whisky Glasses. See window display.
Santa Ana Gli?s Oil pt bottle 50c
qt bot 85c
New crop, better than ever.
I Send for Children's Prize Contest
Catalogue. •
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ISO PLATES <^
REQUIRED Wy
Our rwmovable brldee -work is beautiful ana
durable. "Warranted 19 years.
>EJk^ Our $500 Plates
1 i»i£>3*«B. fit Ill^e a glsve.
Yfji£efe"gf§|i5i*5-v£i Our rrjethod for
/fe^'lvS^^^C^^ $3? palolcss extrcctlrrg
ls pcterjted end
Ttri$ : **&?*f&&?^? scd b y no other
\jfjf*\ Qrxjfc^* dentist or> tfje Pa-
PRICE LIST tor 30 Days:
Talnlfss Extraction 2oo
R>morable Bridyewcrls f:s.(M»
Crown- *a.OO to *."i.«M»
Pure Gold FlUlngs *I.OI»
Amalgam Si>o
Gold and Platlna $1.<>»>
EIlTer Filling BOe
Mm. Dr. R. L. Wal«h ttIU attend to the
children's teeth — painlessly.
DR. R. I-. \A/£\lSt-t.
£15*4 GEART ST., b«t-reen Hyde and Larkln.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to i p. m.; Sundays.
• to 11 Telephone Polk 1H5.
qo©eooeeoo«o©so©oeoeoo
| NEW BICYCLES |
| REDUCED TO •
g $20 and $25. g
© Men's and Ladies*. ®
o Bargains in 2d-band Bicycles, •
| $5, 6IO, $15. |
© SEND FOR LIST. 0
| LEAVITT & BILL, |
Q 309 LARKIN ST. Q
Q Cleueland Cyclery. Q
DR. MEYERS & CO. .;;
!! Diseases and Weakness of Hen. !!
!! Urgest Medical Institats and Most Extenslvs J
11 ' Practice. Consultation Free. ?
I! 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO J
1 1 > : Hone Cqtjs. Sealed Priratt Book, Free. !
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
fltroxtsr Assertions m tn Jait V.'hot
the Remedies Will Do.
—-^SJs^ llncyon r^rtnt«-» j
/^S^lT^W 5^^ **** bl> Rl>etjmatl«ra
ifeS^-i-'?*?^ t<Ure TTiU cu -'° ¦ -"*•-!/
E^^ NWIfc «cJ tlRu la a few fcenri;
Sgv J-'*^! tb&t hls r> J''**?*!« Cur*
~Vi&i SS'5^3 w * 11 cor« ladlgestloo and
IBf hi •*TT * I! ssorjiarh troubles:
V* *^|f*'hjF that bis Kidaey Core
y«^4i$| *' all cases of fcldn.--
\ > - ;*y/ trouble; tliat bis Ca-
J^-" *«SCj%V tarrh Cure will eire
_^jfkr*ts£}i'£^ «tarrh no matter hrw
\*A < *3Q**--yU-t : f' Headache Pur- will cure
>•.! ¦ gpr any kla<l of headache la
, ,, qulctlj fcreai np acj
•ma of coW and so on through the entire lift of
remedies. At all drusjlsts. 25 cents a tI.aI
If jou nee*l m«l>»i Advice write Prof. M'inyon
1B0B Arch it. I-b'!.-.. It U absolutely free.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDG1NQ PUMPS
I/DAPU Vittm •uccessfal at Noza* last
l\l\Ul7il Tear. All ether* failed. In ot*r«-
tlcn daiiy. • Sttvcztsoa St., a. *r.
"Trunks, valises and leather goods."
"Stationery and printing," "Pictures and
frames," "Camera supplies" and "Artists'
materials" are the live departments at
Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s. where you can get
anything and everything in these lines of
the very best, quality and at the very
lowest prices. •
1 |*4 ~S*[SZi-*li
the Liberal credit house,
BRILLIANT'S,
FOIt
FURNITURE
A%D
GARRETS
REDUCED AT PRICES.
fp.ee rjELi\i:r:T within :oo miles.
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open rv^ainr^ Near PoTtfU.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A POPULAR MISTAKE v
Regarding Hencdies for Dyspepsia
and Indigestion-
Thf r.atlor.al <"i?easp of Americans Is ln-
or ln its chronic form dyspepsia,
ard tot the very reason that it i? so com-
mon many people neglect taking proper
treatment for what they consider trifling
Rtomacb trouble, when as a matter of
fact indigestion lay? the foundation for
many Incurable diseases. Xo person with
¦ i-iirr>rou«=. healthy stomach will fall a
.ictJrn to consumption. Many kidney dJs-
r-asps and heart troubles date their begJn-
r.ir.jr from poor dipeFtion; thin, nervous
people are really so because their Ftom-
F.ehs are out of gear; weary, languid,
faded out women owe their condition to
Imperfect digestion.
When nearly every person you meet ls
evicted with weak digestion it Is not sur-
prlFlnp That nearly everj* secret patent
medicine on the market claims to be a cure
for dyspepsia, as well as a score of other
-rouble?, when ln fact, as Dr. Werthier
f-sys, there is but one «*-enuine dyspepsia
cure v.-hich is perfectly safe and reliable,
p.r.<i. moreover, this remedy is not a patent
medicine, but it is a scientific combination
Ot pure peps'.n <free from animal matter),
vfjretable essences, fruit salt? and bis-
rr;:h. It is sold by drugeists under name
of Stuart> Dyspepsia Tablets. N*o ex-
travatesnt claims are made for them, but
for indigesticn or any stomach trouble
F: :axt's Dyspepsia Tablets are far ahead
ot ar.y remedy yet discovered. They act
aa Th<-" food eaten, no dieting is necessary,
f'.rrply eat Ell the wholesome food you
want and these tablets will digest it. A
fjre results, because all the stomach
needs Is a rest, which Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets jdve by doing the work of diges-
tion. '
Pay? a luwyor: "Politeness is all right
ir. It* place. Vjt many a man ha? been a
nes.TT loser through a civil action."
SAN FRANCISCO XEVKR SAW A BETTEH
BILL. , . ... -.
Clayton Willie and Marie Stuart
< Assisted by MIS3 EVA RANDOLPH.
Quaker Giiy Quartette,
The Four COHANS,
' TOr>D JUDCK FAMILY. C.ILHE71T ANt»
j .OOLDIE. CARRISGTON; 'HOLLAND ANO>
t GALPE.V, MUWCAXj DALE. . : ;.
R<v«erve,i S.?at?. :*» cents: Balcony, 10 eentst
i Opera Chairs an>l llox Seats'. 50 cents. ¦ ... ' : ' ...
j Matinees '.VetlneMay. Saturday and Stindaj^
; INDEPENDENCE PAY MATINEE; July V
! *T!WO-'Li*~
i a y W <ftg/-> Lisa id **:¦
'TO-NIGHT BEGINS >
THE SECOND WEEK
Or the Encrmus Cornier Opera Saccws.
¦ Pronounced by Frt?3* and Public a* GKKA.T***!
Than "The I fors Eye."..-:;.
Erenlnrs at 1 ¦ Matinee Saturday at %..'. .}¦
porri.AR pp.icEsi— 5c. an.a sow. ¦ •.' ~>-
TilLErHONE Itl'SH «.'
; Sa^ &iQJ} a li T±3 2 Jf * U
THIS WEEK. « nights and :
I MATIHEES WEDNESDAY AHO SATURDAY.
CHARLES FIIOHMAN Present*.
IHENRYMILLER-
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY .
Ir. the New York Lyceum Tteater Success,
IThe TREE OR
i KINOW/LEDGE.
A Powcrral Play In Five Acts.
By R. C. Carton.
! To Pe Ir-.terrr^t?.* by the Greatest Cast Eveff
Srcured for aa Americarj Prrductlon.
NEXT WEEK— "A MARRIAGE OF COX»
VUNIE.VCE." ¦ r
I ¦
! KOYffnJNN?EST>LAY!
SO SAID THE VAST THRONG LAST NIGHT.
Dunns & Ryiay's ALL-STAR CAST
Pre.-iertir.sr for the Bal.-.nce of the We«k.
I ICatlacea *.V<-Unesday. July 4/ and SatixrJay. ¦
A SAY andA NIGHT
Next Far.day Nlsht HOYT*3 j
"A CONTENTED WOMAN'." . "
With the Beautiful NORMA WI1AIXET tj(
the Title Role.
PHONE ilAIN Z2Z.
WALTER MOROSCO Manager
COMMEKCIHiTtHIS EVEHIHG,
The New Frawley Company
In Israel Zanrtvlll's Great Play.
CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO
EXTRA MATIXEE TTEDXESOAY. July L
REGl'LAP. MATIXKE PATURDAT.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
PRICES — Orchestra, 7"e. no hlslier; Dress
Circle. SOc; Family Circle. 23c: Gallery, X5c;
Box Seata. 73c. J100 and $1.50.
HEA.TR E-' A V
if
TO-NIGHT (MONDAY),
EXTRA MATINEE WEDNESDAY, July 4,
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Supported by WHITE w h i'I"IT .tw^
Costly Scenic aad Coatasie Production. ¦
CARMEN
REGtTLAK MATHfEE SATCTRDAT.
SEATS SIX DATS tM ADVANCE, i * : \.*
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERT AFTERXOON AXD EVENDJOb J
HADLET AND HART. WTLSOX rAilECT,.
McDonald bros.. jackson* h. heardw
belle wilton*. dick mack. new uov.
ING PICTURES.
SPECIAL! OF JULY.
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY/
ON THE CHUTES LAKE.
Order Seats by Phcn» Park U. " V
FT^CHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOUllJin O Admission lOc.
ERMA WING. I3ABELLE UNDERWOO3
ani SIG. ABRAMOPT tn Scene From "RO-
MEO AND JULIET": DEETS AND DON.
NORMAN PHILLIPS. D'ESTF.LLE 813-
TERS AND EDISON'S FROJECTO3COPE.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. "¦ ">
Open Daily From 7 a. m. f> 11 p. a. " i
Bath'.r.R From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m. /
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Be '¦
Bathing Including Admission. 25c; Children We.
PALACE HOTEL
The h!sh standard of excellence mala-
talr.ed by the^e hotels ls reccsmlzed and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious cliert^le xrho regularly make them
their headquarters when in San Francisco.
Located in close croxiiaity to wholesala
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantago of
havir.c street cars to all points of Interest '
pass the entrance.
American plan. European clan.
GRAND HOTEL
%=Jr FAVQSSBTE
» '
Cl feATENTsfffStockton's Heavy Batt»rs Win.
While the baseball cams between tha
Oakland and Sacramento teams was la
progress at Recreation Park yesterday
afternoon the fence on the south side of
? k G £? rk w , as , Mown partially down by
the high wind which prevailed all <Say»
The fence threatened to come entirely
rtS? fliiif. 0WI J w K e| S ht « *Meh caused tha
right fielders of the teams to play closer
frJL and deterred the sniall boy
Inning^ score ot "^ ***<>**
r , ft s .f fi on , d Assistant Chief Shaughnessy was
the se2nt Dd h f - Sent a force °^ nremen to
th« %% • and ln a short tIme m 'e*t of
th« «4^ S -? r K U3 stru cture was _pulled to
the ground by means of ropes. The work
the ¥£a «f°V a £ ', le!a > ed - however, until
flrtr^P Of tho ba!1 same, of which th<j
firemen were Interested observers.
That Ardund Recreation Park, Par
tially Overthrown by Wind, De
molished.
SANTA CRUZ. July L— An excursion of
1300 arrived from San Jose to-day. It was
for the benefit of the police fund of that
city. A baseball game between Santa
Cruz and Sa.n Jcso resulted in a victory
for the latter by a score of 5 to 3. Tho
game of cricket blayed to-day between tha
Alameda and Country Club teams re*
suited in a draw. It is proposed to de
vote the entire week here to cricket, ta
which all teams In the Stat© will com
pete.
FIREMEN FTTLL DOWU FEITCB.
Baseball for tho Police.
CHICAGO, July 1.— A etory has Just
leaked out that W. M. Barrick. a New
lork turfman, beat tfie books out of
?SO.00O on Derby day by backing his Far
raday colt Criterion in the last race at
\Vashlngton Park. Criterion ont-ned a*
L> to 1, and was steadily backed down to
It ?>, a *$} Post time. It was not known
at the time whoso money was jroir><- nn
The public played Allan! Scheck.
Barrick's commissioners cashed «*%
J21.CC0 In the ring here, and from good
authority it is learned to-day that h«
Played Criterion In every bis pool room
in the country. In a letter to a ChtVVsni
friend Barrick B»s h! 3 total winnings oa
the race were $4a.50O. ""ungs-oa
Won $50,000 Backing Criterion on
Derby Day at Washington Park,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BABBICK'5 BIG KLLLLNQ.
Billy Otts, tha well known young n e- U
llist, left yesterday on the transport Gran*
for China. He enlisted in the Sixth Cav~
airy a short time aso, and was sent ud to
the YoBemite with Troop G. He was afow
days ago sent down to this city and tran*
ferred to K troop. He says thai f e u
through with pusiism for awhile anyway
He has had some ; revtous military train
ing, as he was a League of the Crosa
cadet for several years, and while In tha
regiment made hosts of friend. A num
ber of his admirers were at the wharf to
see him off. ' w
BUly Otts a Soldiar.
J. W. Stokes was brought down from
Stockton last evening by Socrot Service
Agent Hazen and locked up in tha City
Prison penning an opportunity to tura
him over to the United States Marshal. It
is not Known at the prison with what ho
Is to be charged.
Arrested in Stockto:
Defeat the Seaside Elsven on Their
Own Grounds in an Interesting
Match.
A team of Alameda cricketers journeyed
to Santa Cruz on Saturday, and yesterday
played against an eleven of the Santa
Cruz Country Club cricket club. The vis
itors went to the bat first, and when 183
runs had been scored for a loss of only
five wickets called their inning and sent
thpir hosts to the wickets. Time did not
suffice to play the match out, but as s'x
wickets had fallen for 82 runs the game
terminated much in favor of the visitors.
For Alameda the highest scorers were J.
H. Saundera 44 and F. J. Croll 35. not out.
A. G. Sheath made the best score for San
ta Cruz, compiling 17 runs. Croll and
Ward bowled best for the visitors and
Coope and Sheath for the Santa Cruz
team. The full scores follow:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R. B. Ilngue, b. Coope ', is
J. H. Saunders, Ft. Gfllatly. b. Sheath...... 41
J. J. Morlalty, c. Han.lyside, b. Sheath 33
V. SeebPCk, b. Coope is
H. Ward Jr.. b. Fortescue 8
F. J. Croll, not out 35
W. O. FVirtmann, not out 14
F. A. Ktahl. did not bat
H. "Ward Sr.. did not bat
H. W. Brown, did not bat
\V. Klchtcr. did not bat
\Y!des 7, leg byes 4, byes 4 15
Totals '. IKS
Runs nt fall of each wicket — One for 47. two
for 98, three for 122, four for 131. five for 137.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. R R. M. W.
Jenkins 12rt £2 4 0
Sheath 123 B7 2 I
Coope 60 26 0 2
Fortescue 37 35 1 1
Sheath bowled 1 wide and Coope S wides.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTRY CLUB CRICKET
CLUB.
F. J. Cocpe. c. Croll. b. Ward Sr 6
A. Jenkins, c. Seebeck. b. Croll 14
A. O. Sheath, b. Croll 17
E. F. Hilton, run out 14
A. Fortescu". b. Ward Jr 13
H. F. Anderson, not out 4
V. Hanily?lde, b. Croll 0
H. Qellatly. not out 0
B. Bateman, did not bat
F. W. Ftansfeld, did not bat
T. Butler, did not bat i
Wldes 3, leg byes 2, byes 9 14
Totals R2
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 28. two
for 43, three for 48, four for 63, five for 78, six
for 7S.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. B, R. M. W.
Ward Jr 99 36 S 1
Saunders 24 4 2 0
Croll W 19 6 .3
Ward Sr , 12 6 0 1
Fortmann IS 3 1 0
Ward Sr. bowled 2 wides and Fortmann 1
wide.
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS WIN
FROM SANTA CRUZ TEAM
Oakland 1, Sacramento 0.
A very fine, article of baseball was pre
sented yesterday afternoon by the Oak
land and Sacramento teams. In which the
former was successful by the very close
score cf 1 to 0. The principal feature of
tho game was the phenomenal pitching of
BorchPrs, who struck five men out and
off whom there were but t\vo base hits
made. Doyla pitched in fine style also,
only three base hits being registered
against him. The pitchers were ably sup
ported by Mangerina and Eagar, their
respective catchers.
The first base hit off Doyle came In the
peventh inning, with two men out. "Dr."
Moskiman succeeded in reaching the In
itial bas, afterward stealing second and
scoring on Mangerlna's two-base hit. In
this inning "Truck" Eagan distinguished
himself by retiring three men at first
Ihrougn rapid assists.
The first inning promised well for Oak
land. With three men on bases— Francks
at flm. Hardie at second and Lange at
third— three balls were called on Moski
man, and it looked as if the first run for
the Dudes would be forced in. Doyle,
however, ser" a "beauty" over the plate,
which the "Doctor" could not resist, and
Stulz blasted Oakland's hopes and those
of Lange by throwing the last named out.
In the ninth the Senators went In to do
or die, but they did the. latter. Eagan
went out on a high foul to Hutchinson.
Hanlon struck out and Eagan reached
Erst on Franck's fumble. Doyle fouled to
Mangerina. The tale is told.
Eagan's prominent stops and catches,
whereby he cut off base hits that apptarea
alrnost" certain. carn« in for great ap
plauso. Tho errors were very few and far
between, but both shortstops were guilty.
Eagan of one and Francks two. The
score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. n. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
MeLniiRhlln. If 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Devereaux. 2b 4 0 1 2 0 1 0
Kagan, 8. * 4 0 0 0 3 5 1
Huches. rr 4 0 0 110 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 1 • 0 is o <•
Eaj?ar, c. 4 f> 0 0 2 0 0
Doyle, p 3000100
S!mnahnn, cf 10 0 10 0 0
Stulz. 2b 10 0 0 3 4 0
Totals 21 0 2 4.21 10 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf 4 0 0 0 l o 0
Lange.-Sb 4 0 0 10 2 0
Effective "Work cf Batteries of the
Two Teams Was the Principal
Feature of the
Game.
In the Seventh Inning Oak
land Succeeds in Making
Winning Run.
CLOSE GAME
ENDS IN DEFEAT
FOR SENATORS
Hutchinson. lb 4 0 1 1 It • J
Hardle. rf. 3 0 0 1 1 » •
Franeks. s. s 2 0 0 0 3 3 i
Moaklman. if 3 l l 1 \ • °
Arrellane?, 2b. 2 0 0 0 2 1 0
Manjrerlna. c 3 0 1 0 6 2 0
Borchers. p 3 J> _0 j> _1 _1 _^
Totals 2S "T 3 1 27 9 2
RUNS AND HITS EY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Pase hits 1 1 0 0 «> 2 ? 2 2~?
O*.k»anrt 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 •-!
Ease hits 0 0 0 0 0 u 2 1 *-3
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— Doyl». Two-base hit—
Mancerlna, Sacrifice hit— Stulz. First base
on errors— Sacramento 2. Oakland 1. First base
on callPd halls— Sarramento 4. Oakland 2. Left
on bases— Sarramento 7. Oakland 6. Struck out
—By Doyle 2 bv Borchers S. Time of game —
1:55. I'mpire— Donahue. Official Sccrer— J. Wr .
Stapleton. ¦
SENATORS WON FIRST GAME.
Captain Devereaux Dessrts Third
Base for Pitcher's Box.
The Senators forestalled their defeat of
the afternoon by winning the mornins
game In Oakland after a spirited contest
with the Dudes. Captain Devereaux tem
porarily deserted third base for the pitch
er's box, with highly successful results,
only five hits beins made off hi3 delivery
by thf Oakland contingent. Mcl-aughlln
iii left field and Doyle at third base,
which were strange positions to them.
i made all the errors for Sacramento, scor
| Insr three each.
Beville pitched pnorl ball* for Oakland,
only four scattered hits being recorded
apalnst him. though home runs were made
hy Eatran and McLaushlin. Oakland was
unlucky in having- ten men left on bas^s,
while Sacramento had only three. The
score:
OAKLAND.
AB. Tt. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Prpnnan. C f 4 0 1110 0
, I^ansp 3b 5 0 0 10 10
Hutehinson. lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 0
Hardip. r f 4 0 10 2 0 1
Francks. s. a 4 1 1 J 5 4 I
Moskiman. 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
Arr^llanes. 2b 4 0 0 0 10 0
: Mansrerina. c 4 0 1 0 « 2 0
ppvllle p 3 0 0 0 0 10
•Eorchers 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 37 1 5 5 27 11 3
I 'Batted for Beville In ninth lnnlns.
SACRAMENTO.
! AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Mclaughlin. s.s....4 z 1 0 3 0 3
Devereaux, p 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
; Fagrnn. c 3 1 1 1 5 0 0
; Hughes, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
TViyle 3b 4 0 0 0 0 4 3
1 Ptulz :b 4 110 2 5 0
' I>pnni<\ r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Shanahan. c. f 2 0 1 0 1 J» J)
> Totals n2 4 4 1 27 11 6
RUNS AND HITS EY INNINGS.
i Sacramento 0 0 0 n 0 2 1 1 0—4
Pase hits 0 0 10 0 111 0—4
• Oakland 0 t 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Uase hits 1 2 0 0 0 10 1 0—5
i SUMMARY.
Runs rpspnnMWe for— Brville 3. Home runs —
Eaean. MaLsusrhlln. Two-base hits — Hardle.
StulJL Fir?=t base on errors — Oakland 6. Sacra
> memo 3. First base on calle<l balls— Oaklaiul
• 1. Sacramento 2. Left on bases— Oakland 1>>,
! Pacramento 3. Struck out— By Beville 6. by
I Devereaux 5. Double play — Deveroaux to
Ptulz to Hanlon. Time of game — l:^o. T'm
» plre— Donahue. Official scorer— II. S. ilcFar
t lln. ¦
final time at bat San Francisco gave a
ragged exhibition of fielding after the
locals had the game won. Score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. IT.
Strelb. lb 4 2 1 0 19 0 0
Babbitt. 2b 4 13 0 3 4 0
LocSchead, s. ¦ 4 1 2 1 1 S 1
Pace, c 3 1 1 1 & 1 0
McCutfiT, If 4 12 13 0 0
At.x>r<». 3b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Courtney, c. f 3 0 3 0 5 0 0
Morrow, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 <>
Whalen, p 4 10 0 0 2 9
Totals 31 7 12 3 27 12 %
SAM KRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Prockhoff. 3b 4 0 10 2 0 2
H'.ldebrandt. rf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 0 0 8 11
Sullivan, c 4 0 10 4 7 9
Fabst lb 3 0 0 0 5 10
Krug,' s. 9 4 0 10 4 3 3
Levy, if 4 0 10 10 0
White, cf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Fitzpatrick. p 2 2 1 0 0 1 0
Totals 31 2 5 0 «:5 13 «
•Babbit out fcr falllnff to touch third base.
RT7K3 AND HITS BY IN'NINGS.
Stockton 0 02000203— T
Base hits 1 0 0 10 0 5 1 4—13
San Francisco 0 00001010—2
Base hits 0 00101111—5
SUMMARY.
Runs responmlble for — 'Wfealen 1. Fltzpatrick
4. Three-base hits— Bahhltt, Brockhoff. Two
base hits— Lockhead 2. Stre'.b. McCarthy, Fitz
patrlck. Sacrifice hits— Babbitt, Hlldebrandt.
Left on bases— Stockton 11. Son Francisco 5.
First base on errors — Stockton 4. San: Fran
cisco 1. Double play — McCarthy to Face. Hit
by pitcher— Pace. Iia.«e on balls — Oft Whalen 2.
off Fltzpatrick 7. Passed balls— Pace 2. Tlm»
of game — 2:<*>. Umpire — J. O'Conaell. Ofrl.UJ
Scorer— A. H. Harlin.
MINOR BASEBALL GAMES.
SALINAS. July 1.— The Ford Sanbora
baseball team of this city played the Wat
sonvllle nine here to-day. The game was
very Interesting until the eighth Inning,
when the Watsonville team took an excep
tion to a decision made by the umpire and
forfeited the game. The score was 6 to 4
in favor of the home team. The Ford
Sanborn battery was Laurltzen and Palm
tag; Watsonville, Devine and Warren.
Umpire, Percy McKibbon. Salinas now
offer3 to play Watsonville for a big purse.
ANTIOCH, July 1.— The Carters of San
Francisco were defeated by tho Old Pep
pers of Antloch to-day by a score of. S
to 0.
COL.USA, July 1.— The ball game be
tween La Preferencia and Coluaa to-day
was won by the latter. The score was 11
to 6. The home team made 7 runs in tho
second inning.
VISALIA. July 1.— In the Valley Leasua
game to-day the score was: Vlaalta, J4;
Bakersfleld, 4. By to-day's victory Visalia
becomes leader of the league.
Thev will wear silk hats and be clad in
hi 1% cutaway cent?: white troupers ami
patent leather lS% ] rnovmtta en black
honk* with purple saddle-blanket*,.
Following the- Queens carriage will De
will be ytetary
exercised In City Hall Park. : h. iiiu
will give an exhibition of hi^h-wire walk
•\Am'Tica." ami George T. Imn!ap of Gll
rov v.-ill read the Declaration Of indepen
dence. Mayor Martin is down for an ad
dresa of welcome and Senator ±i. v.
MoreriotiM is the orator of the day.
A. "horrible" parade by local Klka ana
visiting brethren will open the evening:
festivities. A grand pyrotechnic display
an<i dancins in St. James Park follow.
Plans for decorating the city are -well
under way. Jn the e%>?nin?r the streets are
to be Illuminated with Japanese lanterns.
A rnnd Midway Is to be maintained In
St James Park. Among the attractions
will be a miniature railway, merry-go
rounds, wheels of fortune. Bosco the snaKe
man, razzle-dazzle, congress of beauties
and a half dozen other shows. Street
fakers are also arriving, and the city is
rapidly taking on a cosmopolitan air.
That visitors, and especially Elks. 'will
be royally entertained goes without say-
Ing. Nearly SS'XW has been spent In pre
paring for the celebration.
Midway Plaisancp and other amusements
A cannon salute will » s . hpr Tr '".^Vi
Fourth. The coronation of Miss Harrfetta
Sflge as Queen of the Elks will take place,
and for the next twenty-four hours s..e
will reisn over the Garden City. It has
now been decided to style her 9«*«?'_5?"
cauae of a Goddess of Liberty ££n«K£
Tided on a magnificent iloat furnished t»y
the Junior Order of American Mechanics.
Her twelve maid* of honor will be con
stantly by her side— a bouquet of nattre
daughters that will represent the beautj
° The n hi J 3 C? parade will occur at 10 o'clock,
with Faul P. Austin as grand marshal.
All the civic societies of the cities, headed
bv Companv B. N. G. C. will be In I me.
In this rmsreant will be some hah dozen
bands. Many fine floats have been pro
vided and stylish turnouts and rigs, hand
somely decorated, will compete for P"^-
An rll-at'Porbins attraction will be the
Oueen in her roval tcyjipage, with suite
ami guards. Her" carriage promises to be
the hVm.Tsomest affair of the kind ever
Been in California. Its colors will be that
of^tbe Elks— roval purple with trimmings
of pold. Queen" Harrietta. two pages and
two courtiers will be the occupants. Eisht
white horses with glittering harness will
dl ?rTcedtng 1U h P e a r gC majesty will be eight
guards of honor. Henry Humburg wi 1
be chief the others being Louis Oneal,
AI Chase. Roy Phelps. Roy [!*&,£**&
Callow, Roy Norton and II. J. Martin.
SAN JOSE, July 1.— The corning
Fourth of July will be the greatest
patriotic celebration San Jose has
ever witnessed. The event is under
the direction of the local lodge of
Elks, and these royal entertainers never
do things by halves. Besides, they are to
be assisted by their brethren from San
Francisco and other bay cities. In fact,
it will be a sort of midsummer reunion
of the B. P. O E., representatives from
all over the State coming. The entertain
meat furnished will be varied, and besides
the usual din and glamour of fireworks,
with parades and literary exercises, there
will be ell kinds of sports and amuse
menta. i
A programme has been laid out that
eliminates all dull moments, and from
the evening of the third to the dawn of
the fifth there will be one continual round
of pleasure and good fellowship.
Thor.sr-nds of visitors are expected. S;tn
Francisco ar.d Oakland Elks are coming
in bodies ami will take part in the parade,
and they are sure to bring hundreds of
guests Tvith them.
The celebration begins on the evening
of July 3. At that time there will be a
general reception to guests and a band
concert and dar.ee in St. James Park,
which will be beautifully illuminated with
Japanese lanterns. Here also will be a
PERRIN. McMILLE.V. McGRAW. , SISGLETO.V. CAMPBLX.L. c*i *«.«-. — __... u n r-j r~t X XT T" T A
PRETTY MAIDS OF HONOR TO QUEEN HARRIS l A.
SAN JOSE IS DECKED IN GALA ATTIRE
TO FINISH OUT A GLORIOUS FOURTH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, July l.-Stockton rested to
day. Daybreak put an end to the scenes
of revelry, such scenes as the staid old
Mill City never before witnessed. After
the crowds thinned out, and this was not
till 1 o'clock, maskers took possession of
the streets. Their deportment was bois
terous but not so violent as to call for
the intereference of the authorities. So
far as Is known no unpleasant conse
quences resulted from the reign of the
King Pin. While there are one or two
exhibitions on the Midway that may fall
under condemnation of the people, they
seem content to leave the prerogative of
censorship to the authorities.
The executive committee rinds the re
ceipts for the first half of the street fair
to be highly satisfactory, and witn two
big days yet on the programme it i3 an
ticipated that all expenses will be met in
full, obviating the necessity of drawing
on the guarantee fund, and leaving to the
credit of the business community a week
of Unprecedented activity. The grand
stand was opened this evening and a band
concert given. Nothing but sacred music
was rendered. The attendance was very
fair when the exhausted condition of the
people is taken into consideration. For
those desiring other entertainment , there
was an excuision uown tne tianta Fe, the
ball game at Goodwater Grove and var
ious recreations at the out of town re
sorts.
To-morrow may be fittingly termed wo
man's day. The baby show and the baby
coach parade have been the subjects of
much preparation. The ribbon parade at
4 o'clock will be an affair of spectacular
beauty. There will be a number of turn
outs from Sacramento. Lodl and neigh
boring places. If all who have signified
their Intention of participating are on
hand the procession will prove one of the
features of the fair.
The idea of the "ribbon" parade is to
have ribbons substituted for flowers as
decorations for the vehicles. Ov.-lr.j; to
the lateness of the season it was thought
that there would not be enough flowers
obtainable. Excursions from both the
north and south are expected.
Receipts of the Fair So Far Highly-
Satisfactory and It Is Believed
All Expenses "Will Be Met
in Full.
Day of Rest After the Night
of Merry Revelry in
the Mill City.
BABY PARADE
NEXT FEATURE
AT STOCKTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.
Handball Champions at Play.
The usual game3 of handball were
played yesterday at Phil Ryan's Howard
street court. They resulted as follows:
P. MeKlnnon and G. McDonald.... 21 21 21
AI. McNeil and H. Racoullet 17 10 1J
J. MeXamara and .T. Welch 21 21 19
W. Cummines and K. Garvey 14 9 21
W. Wal«>h and K. I>=ven<? 21 12 21
M. Levy and S. Wurkheim 15 21 20
P. Hutchinson and M. Dillon 21 21 21
P. Kelly and G. Hutchinson 9 11 1C
C. Larkin nn<i C. Smith 21 8 21
P. Jlunz anil F. Carney 7 21 11
W. FUher and M. Ba*eh 21 21 l!
G. B. Hay ward and P. Ryan 13 17 21
J. 'Rrnyer ami T. Rerres 21 2t 21
J. Glynn and G. Green 14 19 20
E. Whit» end W. Johnson .....21 21 20
J. Killiam and R. Regll U 13 21
J. White and J. Collins 21 IS 21 19 21
A. Hampton and J. Riordan 17 21 20 21 18
to sacrifice In order to pace their lone
team mates up to the front.
There were a number of had spills, but
only ore serious accident. This was when
D. E. Francis of the Garden City Wheel
men fell In the twelfth mile while rldinc
in a bunch. He broke his collar hone.
Bolger of the Olympics captured first
place. There was some argument over
this mrstter. The scorers at first wore
under the impression that Allen of the
Garden City team had won, but the Olym
pic men Insisted that Bnlper had crossed
the line first. Allen coneeded this him
self and the matter ended. The only
other places won by Olympic riders were
eighth and ninth, taken respectively by-
Emery and C. Long.
Rurton Downing: of the Garden City
Wheelmen msde the best time. 1 hour 5
minutes and 26 seconds, and his brother,
Lsce Downing, mad* the next best time.
The following tnble indicates the posi
tion and time of the riders w«io scored:
GARDEN CITT WHEELMEN*. /
Name— Handicap. Place. Points.
All«>n o mln. 2nrl 8
Walter Smith K mln. 3rd 7
Gates 3 mln. 4th h
RoWnjon 3 mln. Fth K
B. Downing Fcratch Tth S
IjOWp 2 mln. 9th 1
Barnes 2 mln. 10th 1
t _
Total 31
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN'.
TCnme — Handicap. ' Place. Points.
BoUer fi mln. 1st 10
Km*ry S mln. 6th 4
C. Long 5 mln. Sth 2
Total 16
D. E. Francis and Dan banning of the
Garden City Wheelmen were compelled
to withdraw on account of injuries. J.
Hobson, Eddie Adams, F. Howe and J.
Simmons of the Olympic team did not
finish.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTTXEZ, Jnly L— The grandest
celebration in the history of Con
tra Costa will be held here be
ginning Tuesday. There will be
two days of sports and fun. Es
timates have been made of the number
who will be in attendance and a conserva
tive figure Is 10,000. The town Is beauti
fully decorated and presents a gala ap
pearance. Streamers are suspended
across the streets in all parts of the town.
The features of the celebration will be
the vaudeville shows, the barbecue and
the races.
As a result of the contest for Goddess of
Liberty Miss Mamie Walsh of Crockett
¦was selected. Her maids of honor will be
Miss Clara Mills and Miss Edith Barnard
of Martinez and Miss Daisy Collins and
Miss Nellie Casey of Crockett* The
floats will bo beautiful. • The Native
Daughters in a float will have Miss Em
ma Barnard as the central figure, rep-
resenting Minerva, The Fire Queen will
be Miss Florence Carpenter.
Great enthusiasm prevails In all parts
of the county, and that the celebration
will be a grand success is not questioned.
In the arrangements for transportation
on the Fourth the general committee met
with an obstacle In the Southern Pacific.
This corporation asked a bonus of $80 for
running a special train and then demand
ed that they receive all money taken for
fare.* Not contented with this a letter was
received yesterday stating the money
must be in their hands before the train
•would be provided. It was then decided
to make other arrangements. The steamer
Alvira of the California Transportation
Company has been chartered and •will
carry all people along the water front
free.vThe programme for the two days
Is as follows:
Tuesday, July -3 — Baseball. 12 m., game
between Benicia and Martinez; trap
shooting at baseball grounds at 1:30 p. m.;
traps will be ready for practice shooting
at 8 a. m.: Sp, m.. bicycle events; sailing'
race. Captain Hewitt, sailing master; free
open-air vaudeville show, two perform-
ances. 2 p. m. and 8p.ni: (Tpen-alr eon
cert at 8 p. m. by Martinez Brass B £nd
TV ednesday morning. July 4 3 a
final event trap shooting at baseball
grounds; 10:30 a. m., parade; 11:30 a. m
literary exercises at rrand stand; gran'i
barbecue bn town plaza, near the school
house, immediately following literary ex
ercises; 2:30 p. m.. sports and prizes; 3 n
m.. free, open-air vaudeville show at
grand stand; fire tournament: afternoon
dance; 8 p. m., display of fireworks at
water front; 8:30 p. m.. free open-air vau
deville show; 9 p.m., grand ball
{ THE GODDESS O F. LIBERTY AND HER FAIR ATTENDANTS.
CONTRA COSTA WILL CELEBRATE AT MARTINEZ.
Intends Returning Japanese to Kes
vtick and Wants Them Tully
Protected.
RKDDINO. July L— It is rumored In
T.wJdins to-day that the railroad com
pf.r.y will ask Governor Gage to-morrow
for troops to protect Japanese at Keswtck.
\\*orkiiiKraen are much interested in the
rumor, but they say th^y etand exactly
as heretofore. They will not submit.
Fhcriff B«hrens says If the Japanese re
turr. he will provide deputies to guard
them.
It is likely, however, that the railroad
Trill not attempt to return the Japanese
¦without troops, as 'JT-n men have taken a
polemn oath npainst Fuch proceedings. It
was K-tated to-da>- that the members of
the Labor Alliance are all armed.
THREE TONS OF GOLD
BROUGHT FROM ALASKA
Very P.ich Cargo. Part of Which Is
Consigned to the United States
SEATTI^F.. Wash., July 1.— Three tons
<,f gold arrived in Seattle to-day from
Alaska, boir.p brought by the steamers
City of Seattle and City of Topeka. Of
this cold, which is valued at over f 1,000.000.
£600,000 was oonslwd t-» th«» t'nltrd Statos
Assay Office her* by the Canadian Hank
of Commerce in D&wton and jj>?yjoo r rp
resen's the rlean-Up on th* properties
nwr.ed by Millionaire T. S. l-Ippy and his
associates.
TKADE TREATY PRESENTED.
! Italian Chamber of Deputies Dis
cusses the American Convention.
ROMK, July J.— In the Chamber of Dep
uties to-day the Marquis Viscanti Ven
of=ti. 51ini.-=tcr of Foreign Affairs, present-
Ied the fcrr.mpreial convention with the
Vnited States which had already been in
troduced at the last fession.
The House then adopted new rules of
procedure without a renewal of the "dis
• rders which fnarked a similar discussion
during the last session.
The Minister of Marine, Vlcft-Admlral
Morin. communicated to the Chamber a
<l'ppatch from the commander cf the Ital
ian forces in China, stating that Admiral
Seymour warmly eulogized the conduct of
the Italian troops who wore with him.
Fig-htinsr the Electric Roads.
LOS A2CGELKS. July 1.— A rate war
was inaugurated by the Southern Pacific
and tho Santa Fe against the Los An
pele* and Pacific Electric road, operating
to Santa Monica, to-day. The steam
roads established a rate of fl 50 for ten
commutation tickets, which is practically
a cut from W) cents to 30 cents for the
round trip. The management of the elec
tric lines has not yet decided what action
will be taken to meet the cut.
Bsrnarkable Sermon of Bev. W. C.
Evans in a Stockton Methodist
Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'. STOCKTON". July L— With the British
fjasj in' one hand and the American colors
in the other. Rev. Dr. W. C. Evans of
¦Central Methodist Episcopal Church this
Evening declared that the two flags of
iirrineracy had met in th»» Orient under
Providence and would be carried forward
to the great destiny awaiting them. The
pennon contained much unusual for pul
vit -declarations. The Atkinson party in
IJostnn and the Filipinos in arms were
Characterized as insurrectionists. Aguln
jeMo. paid the minister, might be a Wash
ington, and then again be may be a
QuantreH.
As to the consent of the governed he
<lectared that Aguinaido was self-elected
:ind was not fighting for liberty, but dom
ination. The pospel of the red. white and
Dlue was a good gospel to pray for. If
efrer the flag went forward tor Imperial
ism It deserved no prayer, but so long
as it was planted in the name of law, or
der, civil pnd religious liberty, aa was now
.bring. don«. the prayers <~,f a patriotic peo
ple ph"u!<1 fellow it. The colors should
r»*vcr-.be hjiulcd down.
Th~ musical programme of the evening
was composed entirely of national an
thems.
RUMORED THAT RAILROAD
WILL ASK FOR TROOPS
PREACHED THE GOSPEL OF
THE RED, WHITE AND BLUE
Fr-ecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. July 1.— The Garden City
¦\\ heelmen overwhelmingly defeated the
Olympic Wheelmen of San Francisco in
a twenty-five mile handicap match race
at Agricultural Fark to-day. Tho score
was 31 to 1G.
TIip race was between teams of fifteen
men and was to be decided on points, 47
in all. The winner of the race scored 10
points the succeeding nine being also al
lowed poipts. A handsome Fllver cup
offered by C. A. Harrison, was the trophy
contested for. The clubs were represent
ed by the following riders:
Garden City Wheelmen— A. McDonald. H. A.
Lowe. I. W. Letcher. L. A. Smith, M. G.
Fram'is. Walter Smith, Roy Gates, E. M.
Barr.e5. P. E. Francis. B. Downlns, E. B.
Wastif. I*aoe Downing, Charles Allen, Dan
Manninr, H. RoblnMD.
Olympic Club Wheelmen— I*. II. Smith. H.
Anthony, J. HobBOft. J. E. Helper, C. l»ng. H.
Emery, Eu<iie Aiiamn, Geonce Kroetz, "\V.
Pe.ll*r, J. Ephram. R. A. Henderson, .T. N.
Ward, F. Howe, J. Simmons, F. O. Winter-
Etein.
The race was a pretty one from start
to finish and the rivalry that has exist
ed between the clubs for several years
put life into the contest. It was for
blood, and in the end the fleur de lis
dragged the glory of the "Winged O" in
the dust. A eiose handicap made loafins
Impracticable, and thirty men in g-ay cos
tumes, pedaling with might and main,
made the race one of the most interest-
Ing ever seen here. Clever team work had
much to do with the Garden City's vic
tory, and the local rider3 did not hesitate
Bolg-er, "Wearing' the Winged 0, Wins
First Place and Downing of San
Jose Makes Best
Time.
Take 25-Mile Handicap at
Agricultural Park by
Good Score.
GARDEN CITY
WHEELMEN WIN
FROM OLYMPICS
SACRAMENTO HAS CHOSEN
A GODDESS OF LIBERTY
MISS JENNIE CONKRITE.
SACRAMENTO. July 1.— The joint ceommlttee of Native Sons and Daughters
of the Golden West havincr in charge the second division of the Fourth of
July papcant has selected Miss Jennie Conkrite as the Goddess of Liberty
for the day and she has accepted the honor.
Miss Conkrite is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. O. X. Conkrite of this city.
Her choice gives complete satisfaction. Attired in simple Grecian robes she will
make a very pretty figure in the parade.
All Sacramento is astir over the approaching celebration. Plans have been
perfected for the illumination of the business streets with thousands of incan
descent liphts during the nights of July 2. 3 and 4. All the fraternal societies
will participate. There will be an independent division in the parade formed of
orpanized wheelmen. Fifty Sacramento wheelmen in uniform will act as special
escort to the Reno. Nevada, wheelmen, with whom they are to race in the after
noon for the interstate championship cup. The second division will be in charge
of the Native Sons and Daughters, who will have in line a large number of styl
ishly ribboned turnout?. The fourth division will be composed of patriotic resi
dents of Oak Park and" other suburbs.
Bpeclal I>:;-T>ntch to The Call.
ST. HELENAS July 1.— St. Helena will
commemorate Independence day this year
iv.-ili a gra::d celebration — one which is ex
pected to be the greatest in the city's
history. The aff:iir is to be Riven by the
Native Sons, which has one of the largest
;;nd most flourishing parlors here. It is
l>elie\ed that it will be an occasion long
to be remembered by all who attend, as
the committee has been actively at work.
lur weeks past perfecting all arranffe
caents.
In the morning at 10 o'clock a parade
will i.e held, consisting of a large num
ber of beautifully decorated floats, tire ap
paratus, bicycles and decorated turnouts.
.Nearly every business house and fraternal
organization in the city will be repre
t-ciiied.
The contest for Goddess of Liberty end
ed last evening. l!ie victor. Miss Xillio
Morris, having secured three times the
number of votes of her nearest competi
tor, bhe had b'.-en in the eutitest only a
week, and the result is aa evidence or her
£r»»sa popularity.
Miss Morris, who !s> a beautiful blonde,
is a charming young lady, and has a host
of friends. s?he was born in St. Helena
iuid has resided here all her life.
In the afternoon panics and sports will
be Iicid in Hurts i'.irk. also dancing in
the pavilion. The celebration will con
clude with a Brand ball and pyrotechnic
display in the 'evening. The orator of the
day will be Hon. C. K. McLauclilln; gra.na
lEiirElK:!, C EL. X'.i:tlfr of CallBtoga,
SANTA ROSA CHOOSES
A GODDESS OF LIBERTY
Honor Falls en Miss Elva Qulnn, One
of the Most Popular Young
Ladies of the City.
¦rial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July 1.— -Ilss Elva
Quinn, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. II.
Quir.n of the Occidental Hotel in this
ci:v. will rule the Fourth of July celebra
tion In Santa Eton as God'iess of Liberty.
This fact was officially announced
Thursday night by County Clerk Fulton
Rri'I Henry <;. Hahman. the official count
ers. At the conclusion of the count which
erded the contcFt.
The result announced was as follows:
Mi» Eh a Quinn, 11ST: Miss Jennie Mar
shall. ICES: Miss Jaunita Conley. !*>3: Miss
Juanita "Wheeler. 203. There were others
who r^celvoj voies.
The Goddess of Liberty. Mis? Qulnn, is
a. decidedly pretty brunette, a younjj lady
¦who wJil «H?charp*» the duties devolving
uren her v.Hh grace and dignity.
She will name four maids of honor who
trill ride with her on the attractive float
¦which will be provided by the committee
of arrangements.
la tha Contest for Goddess of Liberty
3Iiss Xellie Morris Won Easily,
Distancing All Com
petitors.
The Native Sods Have Used
Every Effort to Make a
Day for History.
GRAND PARADE
ADN FIREWORKS
AT ST.HELENA
STOCKTON. July 1.— Stockton all hut
batted Fitzpatrlck out of the box in the
seventh and ninth Innings, making five
hits, two doubles In the seventh and two
doubles and a triple and a single In the
Hint.
6HOTEL ARBIVALS*
GRAND HOTEL
J H Gardiner. R Vista
W H Smith & w. Co
lumbia
A C E?an. Oregon
A F John & w. Cal
H H Blood. Bkrsfleld
XV XV Thomas & faro.
Los Angeles
7. T Davis. Portland
F H Sewell. 8 Rosa
Mn T Halgh. S P.osa
J M McOee. Oroville
V T Earnshields, Cal
T B Bond. Lakeport •
A H Sugg't. Marysv
D K Paun lera. N Y
E M Porter. N'apa
M L Prltchard. Sacto
H Wood. Denver
R Shertzinger ft w,
Pennsylvania
A M Thompson. Tacom
n II Russell. B C
C M G Peterson. Cal
B F Thomas. S Rarbar
J Water*, Watsonvtllej
MIm M B Wllchan. 1
Watsonvllle (
Miss A Hlefner, Wat-'
sonvllle
O S Parnent. Cal j
J B Treadwell. Srr I
D J Robinson. ChScam
Mlsa C McFarland. LA,
Miss B Lel&nd. Miss
R B Leland, Miss
T Smalley. Cal
P A Bradiaa*. L A
J "W Taggart. 9 Bub«
J R Armory. N T
C J ReiJey. Washington
G J Owens. C»l
E A Doyly. Cal
S B Buzxa. S&n Jom
L H Freldman <fe w.
Cal
A Griffin. Fresno
Dora Beal. Ouatetna!*
H R McXoble. Stkta
W n Winters. Butte
W ft Benjamin. Mjutts
W R Renken & w. La
Crosse
W F Parker & w, L A
Mrs J E McMullan. U.
W n Lowell. t> C
I> M Hansen. VaUein
B E Williams, Ukiah
H Isaacs. Los Angrel«a
T E Garner A w,
Tnwer Lak9>
L Booth. Cal
W 1, Coulter. Pm&So
Grove
PALACE HOTEL
P rtelss. St Louis F B Moors. MaryrrUU
O R Bent. S Jose T D Kr«.wl«y. Wua
O W Smith. N Mex C A William!* N T
V Spanker Jr. Mich D L Dyaa St Louis
W K Doty. Chlcaco W Mlntaer. Cal
Mrs Pcty. Chicago Miss Davenport. Seattl
O H Taylor. London J J Sanderson. B C
n Campbell. M J Mlsa Sanderson. B O
Capt Revtlle. V S N W B Homrt. Jerota*
Dr Lindsay. St Lftka Mrs Paulln. Oakland
O Va!!anc«. Canada H Weln»tock. Bacto
Mrs Vallance. Canada T K Mardua Mjuzatlaa
XV II Hile. Phil* II II Stout. "U 3 A
D D IWcbtel. Japan Mrs Stout. IT S A
.1 Calway. Japan Ed Barry. If T
It h Packard. Bakrfld A C Knowles, USA'
(.• V Aaron. Maryvvtlte P H Tissel. Mcrcad
C J Covllland. Marvll*
NEW WESTERS HOTEU
J McNeil, willows A Brobery, D«nv«r
Pr Xorthnip. S Diego T Hobb*. Victoria
T Russell. Vallejo T Stewart & w. Seattli
D R Kin*. Pa E T Slater. 8tocktoa
J Mulroy. S Jose J Ronn*n. Baltimore
J J Thompson. FVeaoo C Bell A w. Woodl*a4
O B Hmnson, Sacto Mn I» Vow, t, Aa«^
O Tutin*. Crockett R J Preble. 1, Aom
J Rasmussen & w. Setl J
SALINAS. July 1.— A meteor passed over this
place last nlsht at 10:23 o'clock. It moved in
a northerly direction across the eastern hori
zon and was visible for fully two minutes.
Mrs. Dora Elliott Says That Office?
Ring Appeared to Bo
Drunk.
Mrs. Dora Elliott, a middle-aged widow
residing at 11% Dlkeman place, was ar
rested by Patrolman Edward Rlnjr last
night and booked on a charge of solicit
ing. Mrs. Elliott is a respectable woman
and the mother of two gTown sons and
the circumstances surrounding her arrest
are so peculiar that the Police Commis
sioners may be called on to Investigate
the matter.
Mrs. Elliott saya she was on her way
home when accosted by Officer Ring, who
roughly demanded to know what she was
doing out at that time of night. Tho re
ply not being to his liking he placed her
under arrest. Mrs. Elliott saya that
Ring's breath smelled strongly of liquor
and that he was unsteady on his feet.
Harry Nightingale of 618 Geary street and,
Peter Zack. who witnessed the arrest,
offer to testify on behalf of the woman.
Mrs. Elliott was at once released on ball.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Shields • 1 •
0 • W
1 1 2 1 1 *-5
i,', • 0 2 2
Coleman 2 2 10 1 1—5
1 1 • 0 1 »-3
00212 1— »
• 1 2 0 1. 0—3
1 0 1 1 .1 1—5
„ , . 110 0 2 1—4
Halght 2 2 2 2* 2—5
2 0 12ft 2—4
0 2 112 1—3
2 2 2 2 2 2-6 !
Donohue 0 2 1 2 2 1— S !
0 110 0 1—3
„,„, 0 10 0 0 0—1
Williamson 112 0
2 2 112 1— «
2 2 1*2 2—5
T\asner 2 12 2 1 0—5
1110 1 0—4
2 2 0 2 2 2—5
Wagner (B. S.) 11221112112 2—12
Fay 12 2 0 2 2—5
2 1 1 1 2 1— «
2 2 0 2 2 2—5
1*310 1—4
11112 2-6
12 2 2*1-5
Golcher 2 2 2 • 1 1—1
Feudner and Shields contested for the
Olympic Gun Club live bird Individual
championship medal.
Twenty-three birds at thirty yards—
Feudner 1212:2112*2111110222211—21
Twenty- three birds at twenty-eight yards—
Shoot-off, miss and out:
Phlelds 110-1111J22112210101121 — 21
Feudner 2 12 2 12 2 2—8
Shields : 2 2 1112 2 0—7
Pete Walsh and C. C. Nauman have
agreed to contest in a 100-bird match with
in ten days.
Nauman defeated Clarence Haight last
week in a similar match and WaJsh has
made an enviable reputation for himself
as a shooter. He holds the Fay Diamond
Medal for this year.
Union Gun Club: Club shoot— Drieschirian 13.
Trask 17, Ja\-ette Jr. 9. Herring IS. Davis 13.
Olsen 17. Wollam 12, Lajid 14. Beckerstaff 13.
Rickey 15. KerrlKan 9. Slade 19. <-'. T. Mitchell
24, George Thomas 10. C. W. Debenhaur 20.
Wolpert 19. Bellof 9. Hoyt 19. Oruenholz 10.
O. Bellof 1«. Clawson 16. Preece 17. Debenhaur
11. Ringle 19, Thomas 17» Iverson 19. F. Feud
ner 23, Taylor 20, Hess 17, A. Dricschman 14,
IT. M. C. 18, Welsh 19. Klevesahl IS, Lewis 14,
Mlchelson 15, Briircs 1?. Glldden 15.
Handicap medal shoot— Taylor 19, U. M. C.
23. F. Feudner 22. Herring 15, Davis 13. Iver
5on 22, Thomas 20. Javette Jr. 14. 'Wolpert 17.
Trask 21. Lewis 9. Rickey 1*. Ladd IS, Ml
chflson 17. Mitchell 19. Hoyt 13.
In the shoot-off U. M. C. beat Iverson 10 to
5. Wolpert beat Michelson for second medal.
The California Cycling clubs of San
Francisco are coming, also several yachts
and the Neptune Hose Company of Val
lejo. Napa's lire department will turn
out in splendor and the nation's birthday
will be grandly observed in Napa.
As a feature Gardner will have a young
ladies' horse brigade act on his staff.
It will be composed of twelve of Napa's
fairest daughters. Ladies are also taking
much interest in affairs, many promising
to appear with decorated carriages, for
which liberal prizes are offered.
YOUNG LADIES WHO WILL AID IN THE BIG DEMONSTRATION.
cursion trains run from all points.
J. fc?. Taylor will be president of the day.
Miss Mabel Richardson of Vnllejo will he
the reader of the Declaration of Inde
pendence, and Miss Nellie Trowbrldge will
sing the "Star-Spanpled Banner'" at the
literary exercises that will be held after
the parade is over.
George Gardner, grand marshal, has,
with the assistance of the general com
mittee of arrangements, put forth every
effort to make the street parade one of the
finest pageants ever witnessed in Napa.
NAPA, Cal.i July 1.— Everything is
in readiness here for the celebra
tion of Independence day next
Wednesday. It will surpass all
former efforts in this direction
made by public spirited citizens, who have
subscribed $1000 to the fund for making
tho demonstration the grandest in the his
tory of Napa. Tliore will be dancing in
the pavilion at East Napa Park and ex-
Special Dispatch to The Call
monthly m^dal shoot yesterday at Shell
Mound Park with the following results:
First champion, C. Weggenman, 404; sec
ond champion, O. Dammer, 3S6. First
class, John Bender, 375: pecond class,
Louis Laubschu, 3C5; third class, Charles
>ieyer, 315; fourth class, John Lundquest,
2Sff. First best shot. Louis Laubschu, 23;
last best shot, O. Dammer, 21. Most cen
ters, C. Meyer. 2.
CALIFORNIA SCHUETZEN
CLUB'S MEDAL SHOOT
P. Schuster 222*07, F. K. Mason 216-213.
S*crrd champion clas=s— 1>. B. Faktor SM-tOS.
Otto Krem»r Captain F. A. Kuhls 209-
DC3. T. J. Carroll 1?T. A. Hahwylcr i:-3-l50. \V.
Khrenr.fort ltf-122.
FirM rUff-r. M. Henderson HM-TOt. II.
Eckmann 1W-1S0.
Second claoc— C. F. Wald^n 21?-1!'6. Captain
F. Attinser 214-242. A. Gehret 213-210. U. Stet
tin lQt-170, <:. Tnmmeyer 2i3-l»7. A. Jungblut
1W-1S7. A. llampel 1K6-U>. A. Breuc-s 137.
Third claF?— <:. H. Fncehorn tOS-169, F. A.
Ser-.rurrrr IVS-171 F. C. Waller 1S3-167. K. San
ger 17\ F. C Harerup 179-13?.
Fourth clans— \V. Nolden Dr. N. H.
Atk'.ns 1ES-1C2.
The medal shoot in the Schuetzen Sec
tion Verein Elntracht resulted in the fol
lowing scores:
Champion clasp— Captain F. Kuhl*, 419. First
rlaes— A. Stroh, 551. Second class— C. F. Oner,
257. Third class— O. It. Ludwig, 341. First
leyt i-hnt— R. Stettin, 24. Lust best shot— C.
Sohroedrr, 14.
The Marin Club members made some
good scores In their section. They are
as follows:
C. Walden S?2. J. S. Kaneen 3*1. S. C. Ka
neen SM. F. Reid K6, E. B. Martlnelli 226. F.
Gr»rl 87, Frey 2f£.
The first-class medal was won by Wal
den and the second-class medal by S. C.
Kaneen.
Scores Made at the Monthly Contests
Held Yesterday Across the
Bay.
The regular monthly modal shoot of the
California Schuetzcn Club held at Schuet
zen Park, near San Rafael, yesterday re
sulted in the following scores by the
members:
Flr*t fliamrli-n c1bj>s— A. Streeker :SS-C12. F.
in* taxidermist, and she will then take
her j>!ace in the museum of the Ohutos'
<i*»ad j>rts. The Etar attraction on the bill
this week is t!)" Wilson family. apsi*ted
by Miss Stella Wiley. These people have
lost none of their old-time cleverness, in
fart th<> little Wilsons have, through
•f tudy. adOed further charm to their pretty
acting. Two Australian emus are also
am"P.K the interesting of the new features.
An unusually large crowd enjoyed the
fwimminp contests at Sutro baths yester
day afternoon. Iiesults were as follows:
l."»-ver3 fiash— G. Anderson wen, r. Sunburg
.eeennd.
rrdertratpr r wirnniir.K— F. Gruer.en won. C.
Harme* f-ecord.
Diving tor |4ate»— C. Aucurtut ¦won. F. Gru
tnfn F*cond, J. llrtflnK third.
K«) yard*, amateurs— F. Ralston won, P. Rid
ing second.
Springboard tfjvinc— R. Duke wen, W. Carrol
second.
Hlph t'.rir.g-C. Sur.trurs wen, W. Wallace
cecond.
The cold and otherwise unpleasant
weather reduced the crowds at all the
pleasure places early in the day. About
'j00 peopie pasted through the gates of
the Chutes. The remains of the late la
mt-r.tcd Johanna Frisco lay In state in the
little drcfsirg-room she occupied in a
v.-ir.g of the "Darwinian Temple," and
hundreds cf her old friends came to pay
their respects to the dead. In a few days
Johanna's rf Tiains will be handed over to
A crass fire rear Strawberry Hill kept
n larpc crowd warm at the park yester
day aficrnoun. The fire br<;ke out early
in the dny. and. although it ate its way
over a :arc? tract of land, it did no ma
terial damage.
Unpleasant Weather Made Pleasure-
Seeking a Labor — Fun at Chutes
and Baths.
GRASS FIRE AT PARK
KEPT THE CROWD WARM
GUNMEN PUT IN A
DAY AT THE TRAPS
Nauman and Walsh. Agree to Contest
in a One-Hundred Bird
Match.
Both grounds of the San Francisco
Trap Shooting Association were occupied
yesterday and considerable shooting was
indulged in.
The California Wing Shooting Club
brought off a handicap medal shoot and
several six and twelve bird pools at live
birds.
Union Gun Club members broke blue
rocks in the club Fhoot and contested in
a handicap medal event. Following were
the scores:
California Wing Shooting Club: Twelve
bird races —
HalRht 21222122112 2—12
Donahue (B. S.) I»1Z2111221 1-11
Slade 0 12 111
Williamson '21122
Nauinar. 2
Twelve-bird races—
Nauman 22221122112 0— 11
Halght 22212221222 2-12
Feudner 22222022202 2—10
WUItamson B1122122220 2—11
Shields 21110112112 l— 11
Slade 1 1 1 • • 1 1 1 2 2 2 1-lt
Wagnpr 22110122221 2—11
Golcher 22122122211 2—12
Donahue 2 1 12112211* 2—11
Six-bird race —
N'auman 2 1 2 2 2 2—6
112 2 11-6
2 2 2 11 2-6
2 12 2 2 2— «
2 2 2 11 2—6
2 2 10 2 2-5
Feudner • 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
2 2 2 2 2 2—6
2 2 0 2 2 2—3
• 2 • XV
Wa'.sh l l 1 l x l— r,
2 1111 t— 6
110 11 2-.1
2 11111-6
12 111 1—6
11112 1—6
Scores at Shell Mound.
The Deutsche Krelger Verein held its
SLOOP GOES
DOWN WITH
SEVEN MEN
The Wreck of the Seattle
Washed Ashore Near
Bluff City.
An entry in the diary of June 8 tells of
the drowning of a party of four, one
woman and throe men. May 15 on the
Yukon ten miles below the mouth of
Forty-Mile. The some day the. diary re
lates that four othrrs were drowned from
a boat a few miles further down.
A diary found on Pavey gave informa
tion relative to the expedition, which left
Dawson May 14. On that date he and Mc-
I-'arron and Thomas McFaiiden left Daw
£on in a small doat. At Circle City Me-
Fadden refused to go further on account
of the treacherous state of the Yukon
ice. Pavey and McKarron. being unable
to handle the craft, abandoned it and
later took passage on the sloop Seattle,
which contained five passengers. The
names of two Adair and Wallace, are
mentioned in the diary.
Three other known occupants of the
sloop, all of whom are missing, were Neil
Adair and Frank Alger, both of Seattle,
and a man named J. McFarron. A Mr.
Wallace is suppos*»d to have been a fourth
member of the party.
The body of A. Pavey. one of the party
in the sloop, washed ashore twelve miles
below Bluff City, near the new Topkuk
diggings, and near It also the sloop.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 1.— In the storm
off Bering Sea coast June *> the sloop
Seattle, with seven men. capsized, drown
ing, as is believed by the officers of the
steamer Aberdeen, which arrived to-day
from Nome, all of the occupants.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Rlcker. from Denver,
»rre pxinnr of the club. Mr. Rlrker represents
"Out of Door Life," and is a noted rifle shot.
22 and B rlflp medals. DO yards -Cap**"'- Fred
Kuhnle. 2f>. 22. 23. 2.". 27. ». B, 30; P. Becker
17. 33. 24. 34: Mrs Waltham. 30. 38; G. Man
nel, 26. 30. 32; I>r. Twlut, 32. 40; Mo>. Mannel.
SS. Record i>cores. 22 rifle— Mis* Weiss 61, 63;
E. A. Allen 19, P. Morrin 73. S2. S2.
Twist revolver medal. 50 yards — K. O. Youne
SI. e«; P. Hecker 67. 71: Dr. J. F. Twin 78.
S3. 91; revolver record*. Dr. 21. W. Hur.eaker
So.
Pistol medals. 50 yards— F. O. Young 47. 50.
f"; G. Hoadley Li. d; pistol records— Mrs.
G. Mannel 49. G. M. Barley 63.
Slllltary match. 30— SO carbines. 200 yards,
Creedmoor count— Paul Becker 4S. 46. 43; G.
Hoadley 42. 43.
All comer*' rlfl> medalF. 200 j-ards — A. n
Parrell ;n, rs, 6<: F. O. Younjr, 57. €0; G. Man
nel. 74. 75. M: J. A. Rlcker, *3; rifle record-
E. A. Allen. ISO, 1S3.
Class me<1al!=. plFtoli". £0 yards — F. O. Toting
El. A. E. Uarrell 13. O. M. Darley 64: sharp
shooterB—a. Hoailley «9. J. F. Twist 70; marks
men-Pr. H. W. Hunsaker 67. Mrs. C. F. Wai
tham 7S. F. Hassir.ann K. K. A. Allen ES, Q.
Manuel fS.
Class m*dal«: rifle. 200 yards: Experts— A.
B. I?arrell 64. F. O. Young 65; marksmen—
F. B. Lake 114. Mrs. C. F. Waltham 127, G.
Hoadley 136. Dr. J. F. Twist 135, E. A. Allen
IS*. J. R. Trego 174.
The Columbia Pi.«=tol and Rifle Club had
a crowded range yesterday at Harbor
View, and a mighty rush of wind through
the Golden Gate kept the marksmen
guefFing where their shots would land.
Mrs. G. Mannel beat all previous records
with the jjintol by women, making 6-3-9-3-
Sl-4-5-4-3: 43, placing all in a four and
nine-tenths inch ring. Her pcore was
within two points of l«* best made during
i..e day. The scores follow:
Columbia Club Shooting.
SCOTCHMEN WILL CELEBRATE
THE FOURTH IN GRAND STYLE
YACHTS IN HALF A GALE
CRUISED IN UPPER BAY
Several of the Craft Dragged Anchor
and Drifted, but Were Over
hauled.
Though no regular cruise was sched
uled for the San Francisco cr Corinthian
yachtsmen yesterday, about thirty yachts
cruised in the upper bay and came to
anchor !n Paradise Cove. The California*
had a cruise to this favorite spot on their
programme and several of the fleet fol
lowed Commodore E. N. Walter's flag-
Ehip Embla. The breeze was Ftronj? in the
channel, an-i also In Raccoon Straits and
the upper bay. and while the yachtsmen
were SFhnre, It freshened until it amount
ed to half a gale.
Several of the yachts dragged their
iaachnrs and drifted toward Red Rock,
but the yachtFrr.cn made after thorn in
their email boats find hoisted sail. Most
of the yacht* Fall«><i down from Paradise
Cove to Raccoon under Jib alone j
When they entered the Htraits double- 1
reefed mainsails wcro hoisted. The wind I
foon fell so light that the reefs were
rbaken out. Off Sausalito the wind was !
Ftror.g and puffy. Nearly the whole San j
Francisco fleet was und^r way during the
<!ay, Including Commodore W. X. Mc-
Carthy's schooner Ramnna and Vice-
Commodore II. R. Siropkh.s' yawl Tra
zapmana.
Mania enlisted with Company I, First
Wafhinjrton Volunteers, but was rejected
t: .San. Krureipco on account of physical
flirabmty. For three years the couple
have kept rompuny. but recently, it is
F?id. th< pirl was prevailed upon by her
fric-nds to jilt Martin. Since then he has
xs.ade threat* of violence.
: Martin came from Pondlcton last night,
arsd to-day h«* lay In wait for the girl until
fchfe appeared at the telephone office.
When fhe arrived at the offlc* Martin
met her nt the doer, when a few words
pa.kf-1-d between thfm, and instantly five
fholf. fir«-d In quick BUCcessJon, were
beard. The first shot missed its mark,
fcut-the nrxt two ?hot» took effect in the
kft V>rrast. causing instant death. The
two last phots were directed at himself.
Alartin is Mill alive and the bullets have
been rcmnvrd. but his chances of recov
ery arp vi ry ?iim.
WALLA WALLA. Wash.. July l.-i n a
JH cf jraloufy and because he eouli not
marry the £irl of his choice C. A. Martin
this afternoon shot and killed Miss Ixah
Colemah and then shot himself. The thoct
ir.p occurred in the Central telephone office.
Several people were near but could not
•Ftrp Martin before he had succeeded in
hip purpose.
KILLED THE GIRL
WHO JILTED HIM
.PHATTLK. Wash.. July I.— The Indians
¦.<xmvtctc4 rf the murder of Mr. and Mrs.
Horton of Kugene. Or., at Lynn canal laBt
: wcrr Rent» i nrr»d at SkagunyJune
27. "Hanson, who killed Horton, will hang.
Williams, who cut Mrs. Horton's throat
: i:ndrr threats of Hanson, was sentenced
v to. fifty yrarp. Ketohinoo also Rets fifty
\ years. Another is given thirty years and
I two others twenty years each. Five other
"J^fJians in the i-arty were pet at liberty to
: secure their testimony. The crime was
commit ted in revenge for the death of two
Indians, which wan attrlbutJd to witch
craft practiced by the Hortons.
INDIANS SENTENCED.
will start at 10 a- m. and continue till
sunset. They will be under the supervi
sion of Royal Chief John Ross, Recorder
George W. Paterson and the official start
er, John Donaldson, who are old mem
bers of the club and thoroughly experi
enced in conducting athletic sports.
The royal chief has been a member of
the club since 18S5 and has always taken
: fi==a LABORATE preparations have been
r=° made by the officers of the Scot
• jl , tlsh Thistle Club for the eighteenth
annual gathering and. games to bo
held at Shell Mound Park on the Fourth.
A programme of rare excellence has been
prepared and everything has been done to
make the event one of the most success
ful in the hietory of the club. The games
Whig Mistakes.
At the close of the war with Mexico the
Whig party was in a favorable position for
a series of national triumphs. Democratic
leaders had inaugurated a war which vio
lated the better conscience of the nation
for the purpose of securing an increased
area for slavery. They had indeed se
cured Texas &e a slave State, but along
with Texas a vast territory had been ac
quired from which slavery was legally ex
cluded, end into which It seemed Impos
sible that it should be introduced. From
nearly all other territory slavery had been
excluded by the Missouri compromise. It
In ISOO the Whig party had been faithful
to the leadership of the Whig President,
and had refused to enter into any com
promise- which was fitted to help the Dem
ocrats out of their political dilemma, it
would naturally have drawn to itself the
anti-slavery sentiment of the North and
the union sentiment of the South. It would
.have continued to be a great national
party with enduring triumphant issues.
But in an evil hour certain Whig lead
ers, notably Henry Clay and Daniel Web
ster, threw themselves in opposition to the
Whig administration and brought forward
a series of compromises which were fitted
to remove from pro-slavery Democrats
the odium which they had brought upon
themselves. In the face of Whig opposi
tion the Democrats had carried the cour,
try into H war, with the Intention, as was
believed, of acquiring more slave terri
tory. Along with the added slave terri
tory they had gained free territory. Had
the Whigs been wise they would not havt
raised the question of extending .slavery
Into the free territory. The Whig com
promise act legalized slavery in the ac
quired territory in case the prople should
desire it when they applied for admission
as States. The Whig compromise also pro-
I vided for a fugitive slave law. which was
I so drawn as to be an offense to the great
body of the northern people.
By the compromise measures the Whigs
lost the support of northern anti-slavery
citizens, while they gained no support
from the South. Kverywhere the people
asked what the Whig party meant. Web
ster and the promoters of the compromise
answered this question by saying that the
party stood for tne Union and the com
promises. But the Democrats could say
with even greater fervor that they also
stood for the Union and the compromises.
The compromises served to unite the.
Democratic party. The Free Soilers, who
had separated from the Democrats in
1S4S, returned to the fold on the basis ot
the Whig compromise. There was noth
ing distinctive for which the Whigs stood.
In the platform of 1S52 the Whigs natur
ally felt impelled to approve of the com
promts-s. The Democrats also approved
of the compromises, and with great ex
plicitness named the fugitive slave act as
a measure to be sacredly observed and
faithfully executed. Then the question re
mained unanswered, what did the \\ hig
party stand for? It seemed to stand for
precisely the same thing which the Demo
cratic party represented, A political party
in the American system is expected to dis
cover, criticize and oppose the erroneous
policy of another political party. It Is a
primary duty of one party to hold the
opposing party to the responsibility of its
own acta.
Under the leadership of a Southern
slaveholder the Whigs had a great op
portunity to secure a permanent settle
ment of the whole question of the exten
sion of slavery into new territory, and to
accomplish this it was not necessary for
them to do anything but simply to leave
the territory as the Democrats left It.
Undoubtedly some Whigs were afraid that
the Union would be disrupted. President
Taylor, who knew the South well, had no
more fear on that subject than had Pres
ident Jackson eighteen years before. In
any event the way to save the Union was
for the Whig party, as a great national
organ, to hold its place. Of course, the
Whigs who were responsible for the com
promise did not understand what they
were doing— they did not know that they
were destroying their party. The Demo
crats however, were not slow to under
stand* the nature of the act. All that was
necessary for the Democrats to do In order
to gain an easy triumph over the Whigs
was simply to hold the Whigs firmly to
the responsibility of their own«acts. The
Wbies nave enacted the compromise, now
let them stand by it. Especially let them
stand by the fugitive slave act!
During the campaign the Democrats
were united and hopeful, while the Whigs
were divided and despondent. In the na
tional Whic convention there was lack of
unity as to the platform; a considerable
minority voted against the clause express
ing approval of the fugitive slave law.
The platform, however, was In this re
spect made acceptable to the Southern
members. These gave almost their entire
support to Millard Fillmore as the candi
date for the Presidency, while Winfleld
Scott received the votes of all who were
opposed to committing the Whig party to
the sanction of the fugitive slave law.
Daniel Webster was the favorite of
twenty-nine delegates, mostly from New
England. In the final result the South
got the platform and the North got the
candidate. Scott was a Virginian by birth,
and was nominated on account of his
military career. Several of the leading
Whigs in the South openly repudiated the
candidate on the ground of his alleged
free-soil tendencies. On the part of the
Whigs it was a lifeless campaign and in
the outcome only four State.-*— \ ermont.
Massachusetts. Kentucky and Tennessee
chose Whic electors. This proved to be
the last important Whig campaign.
The End of an Bra.
The passing of the Whig party coincided
with the passing of great statesmen and
former leaders. While tho Whig conven
tion was in session in Baltimore, in June
1852, Henry Clay was dying in Washington.
No one had in all respects so thoroughly
personated and represented the party as
he. Twice its standard-bearer; always in
the minds of the people: a candidate for
the Presidency, he had a personal follow
ing such a* few men have enjoyed. Daniel
Webster also hoped, and indeed expected,
to be made the candidate of the party.
He had been voted for for President, but
he had never received the regular nomi
nation of hi3 party. Twice, it Is alleged,
he might have had the nomination for the
Vice Presidency, and in each case, had he
accepted, he would have become President
through a vacancy In that office caused by
death. Webster died in the midst of the
campaign. It is one of the remarkable
coincidences of history that so large a
number of statesmen who. as young men.
had beeun to exercise a guidance in na
tional politics in the early decades of the
century should all at once leave the bur
den of sUntcPinanship to a younger genera
tion. Uesiriefr' Clay and Webster, there
was John Qulncy Adams, who <lietl at his
post two years earlier. John C. Calhoun
died a llttlfi Inter then Adams; Thomas
H. Benton left the Senate, never to return;
old hands rave place to new ones under
new and greatly changed conditions.
The Slavery Question as a Hindrance.
' Had the war of secession been fought
under the leadership of President Taylor
in 1S30 it would have b*en brief and prob-
Hbly tt would have been entirely blood
leas and it would have left the Union par
ty permanently ascendant. South as well
as North. Slavery would have been con
fined to its present limits and removed
from a dominant place in national poli
tics and the great Whig party, as the
party expressing Union sentiment and na'
tlonal aspiration, would have disputed
authority with the Democrats, who stood
for the principles of free trade, personal
liberty and local autonomy. The parties
would have been divided along the old
lines of real or supposed conflict in in
dustrial interests. And if ever there was
a time when a nation needed to have all
its political energies directed to the in
dustrial Interests of the whol* prople tt
was the I'nited States of America from
1S50 to XS70. During this period the rail
way, as a great national institution, was
created; during this period X? telegraph
t GENERAL WINFIELD SCOTT.
and the dally paper became an Integral
part of the national life. It was during
this period that business corporations, or
ganized for the purpose of private gain,
got possession of the resources of th<»
country. The foundation was laid for our
most serious industria 1 problems during
the period when the attention of the peo
ple was monopolized with the question of
the preservation of the Union. It would
have been an easy matter to deal with the
railway problem and allied monopolistic
enterprises before the Civil War. But af
ter twenty years of neglect and after an
other twenty years occupied with the con
sideration of special problems which the
the war created satisfactory control
seems almost hoDeles*.
At the time of the passing of the "Whigs
the tariff question s-eemed to have reached!
a permanent settlement. The Democratic
tariff of 1S45 was in force. It was a mod
erately protective measure. Had politics
gone on in its natural course the Whigs,
as traditionally favorable tr> the policy of
protection, would have resisted further
advances in the direction of free trade,
while the Democrats would have contend
ed for progressive advancement in that
direction. But It was a time when the
shipping interests of the country were as
suming vast proportions. The Improve
ment of rivers and harbors by the nation
al Government could not longer be de
layed and the Whigs were naturally In a
position thus to exalt the importance of
the Union. Public improvements In th*
hands of the separate States hart been
proved Inadequate. The Clayton-Bulwer
treaty had just been signed and there was
a peneral expectation that there would b»
a Nicaragua canal In a few years. Both
external and internal commerce demand
ed the guiding hand of a vigorous national
Government. When the party system
failed the people were left without tha
means of controlling their national affairs.
They became victims to sectional strife,
misunderstanding and hatred. Parties
were formed on sectional lines and tha
nation was transformed into warring sec
tions.
The Whig party mlsrht have recovered
after the crushing defeat of 1STC but It
did not. A Knownothlng party, organized
first as a secret society, spread all over
the country. North and South. The Whigs
did, indeed, bring out a ticket four years
later, in ISoo. and made Mlilard Flllmora
their candidate. Filltnore was likewise
the candidate of the Southern Knownoth
lng party, and as representing the two.
parties combined he carried the singl*
State of Maryland. There was again a
feeble effort to revive the party in 1S00,
but It was of no avail.
JESSE MACT.
Iowa College.
THE LAST IMPORTANT WHIG CAMPAIGN.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
A/VIERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 1,
While almost in front of his own door
way Charles Allen, a Southern Pacific
Company employe, whs run down this
noon by the westbound Alameda local
train and Instantly killed.
The unfortunate man was crossing the
track at the junction of Cedar and At
lantic streets, having Just left his resi
dence at 17^7 Atlantic street to go to the
roundhouse where he was employed as an
ensine-cleaner.
Allen was very familiar with the cross
ing, as lie passed there several times a
day. The Alameda train runs on cannon
bail time through the railroad yards, and
many fatalities have occurred along the
track? there, because engineers have been
unable to stop the swiftly moving trains
in time to save a life. It was so in Allen's
case. The train had struck him before he
knew it was near him. The workman was
hurled twenty f'^ct. His body was badly
bruised, one iep was broken and his head
was terribly crushed. As soon as the
train was stepped assistance was at hand,
but Allen breathed his last before any one
reached his mangled body. The Coroner
was called and had the remains removed
to the Morgue, where an inquest will be
held to-morrow evening. The train was
in charge of Kngineer Reynolds and Con
ductor Murphy.
Allen was a native of Austria. 49 years
old. He leaves a wife and live children.
He was a member of the Onler of Rail
way Trainmen and also of the Ancient
Order United Workmen.
Swiftly Running Train Runs Down
the Employe, Who Had Not a
Chance for His
Life.
Charles Allen, a Railroad
Man, Struck by Ala
meda Local.
KILLED WITHIN
SIGHT OF HIS
OWN FIRESIDE
K<M-.ry Le Blanche, proprietor of the
Rocjs Restaurant, 119 Stockton
Streets Bbot and perhaps fatally woundod
tsim wife in the Webb House. 37 Second
Ftrc-ct. aX about 2:30 o # elock this morning.
He made n" attempt to escape, explain
ing to the police that he tried to kill the
woman because *he was in another man's
l^d when she ought to have been at his
home.. 1«5 Fourth street.
Tv\v» messencer boys, were close by at
the> time of the shooting. They told Ser
geant Cor.bcry that th»»" had been sent by
Captain Hansen, master of a vessel in
p^rt. to room 14 in the Webb House, In
which Sirs. Le Blanche was shot, to se
cure some articles of clothinsr which he
hid left there. I^e Blanche was waiting
outside and secured the note from them.
After he had read It he went to the room
where his wife was and shot her as she
lay In bed.
The bullet took effect in the woman's
back and her screams roused the people
in the house. Policeman Sullivan was soon
on the scene and found L« Blanche look
ing on Indifferently, while his wife was
mt#rir.g fearful screams. Le Blanche
handed the pistol, a SS-caliber Smith &.
Wesson, to the officer. He did not ap
pear to regret the deed, repeating that
she had no right in the lodging-house.
Mrs. Le Blanche denies that she had
er.y man in her room at the Webb House.
"He threatened to kill me this after
noon and I came here for protection," she
cried.
The wounded woman was removed to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was
found that the ball had entered her back,
near the ppinal column, passing under the
stomach. It was lying under the skin of
her abdomen.
Le Blanche was locked up at the City
Prison.
Accuses Woman of Infidelity With
Captain Hansen and Fires Bullet
Into Her Back at Webb
House.
Jealous Henry Le Blanche
Wounds His Spouse, Per
haps Fatally.
SHOT HIS WIFE,
BELIEVING HER
TO BE UNTRUE
NAPA WILL SURPASS FORMER EFFORTS
IN DOING HONOR TO INDEPENDENCE DAY
THE SA2ST FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JULY 2, 19 00.
an active interest in its affairs. Recorder mean ability. .'P. D. Flndlay is chairman
Paterson Joined the club a year earlier of the music committee and a dancer of
and since his election to his present office considerable repute. Besides the games
the club has achieved its greatest sue- there will be dancing in the pavilions
cesses. He Is an energetic worker and throughout the day and at night, anil
the recent successful entertainment at commencing at 8 p. m. there will be a
Metropolitan Temple was inaugurated and magnificent display of fireworks. The
carried through BOlely by him. Starter usual hospitality of the club will also be
DonaldFon Is also a veteran of. the club extended to its guests and altogether an
and in past years was an athlete of no enjoyable' time' Is promised.
MEMBERS OF THLS THISTLS CIATB WHO WIIX DIRECT THE CELEBRATION". !
XII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
MILLARD FILLMORE.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MOSTDAY, JULY 2, 3 900.
8
f AN FRAXCISCO CALL.
in.>lNBS3 Ott 1C8 of Th« Pan Francisco
CaU. c-rrner of Mnrket and Third streets, open
unfll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
VK.VNCII OFFICES— 12: Montgomery street.
corner Clay; r£*n ur.fll 3:30 p. rn.
Z¥> Hayes street: onen until 9:30 p. m.
. C9 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
OS Larkin rtrect; open .until 9 JO p. m.
;341 Mission street; open until 19 p. m.
;2C1 Ui_Flon rtreet. corner Sixteenth; open
crtl! 9 p. m.
.SM EleVCSt- strrM: open until 9 p. m.
3?9C Valencia strvrt: open until 0 p. m.
Northwest c<->m?r Twenty-second an! Ken-
V.i'-ky streets; open unt'l 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16. -__^
JC T Golden Gate huildlnr. C25 Sut- itjfif*
lef si.' Ftatr,! nsscmWy THIS MON- _Tj
. DAY» EVENING, at K o'clock. All eg/
Jiaters are courteously- Invited. '"
BOBERT McMlLLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FOXDA. Recorder. <
¦AM KRAXCIPCO Chapter No. 1. n
Iloyal Arch Mnsons. meets THIS ~f%-
¦-EVENING. EuEinerg and degrees Z H*f\
ar.d C
OCCIDENTAL Lo.!ep KO; 22. F. and A. B
M . THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at -J\-
S o'clock: stated meeting. By cnler of >_ Jv
the \Y. M. , /V*
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 1?7. F. and A. •
M - stated meotlnc THIS DAY (MON- _f\^
HAT). July Z. IV". r.t fc o'clock p. m. /L>T
B* ora*; of the W. M. / ~T \
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KIN'<» S=OIX>»1ON'S Lodre No. 26". F. ft
4- A. M.. FraiiUIin HaM, Fillmore
M between Rush end Suttpr— .Stated TL_I\
• rVtinr ar.rt third degree THIS EVEN- >
IX- at ::3P. HARRY BAEIIR. S»c.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. ,n_*4_£>.
F — InftaJiatlr r. of officers MON- :§_^!_K&
|»AV EVKNING. July 2. Visitors
¦ we!cc_>e.
Wilr TROTTER. N. G.
PIONEERS — The rejf- «-*<i3SEM'«?7>t_
• " monthly meeting >C^ r Ss- w 'i < '?5- ''Jy^ijk
full attendance Is re-
<ju p ' t t* 1 d- • J. B. SPEAR. Secretary-
AN<"IEN'T Order of Hibernians— We ft^si**^? I
rx'.cv.<\ to the frionjs of our organ 1- \^\\;'i[ 1
ration a. rnrdlal invitation to attend « -'/
our annual reunion and picnic »t^W? :
Scheutren Jark on July 4. A K— la •'— * ;
day r>f Irish f=p<rts and cames; greatest event
of the pe&sr.n; $10".X) cash prizes; 300 gate \
prizes; ;iatriotl'" exercises, etc.; round trip \
ttckttf. Me; children. SSc: boats leave ferry •
. «t 9 !•:"? and 11 a m.. 12:3. r . I:?). 3:30 p. m. j
J. .T. DONOHOE, President. !
r. J. KElXKIir.lt. Cliainnnn Oames Com. !
A. 0~lT"T«vTploirXor2.— The~regu- a*^ j
Jar rnuWhlv meeting of this division It. \ A ¦
¦will be held at H:berr.!a Hall. 110 "_"' > S i
Ninth st.. on TUESDAY. July 3. W^. ?*mJ5| I
•.at 7:37 p. m. Election of officers. r 3-*JK^ 1
¦Ouarter'y meeting fines for non-attendance. I
HARTLY LEE. Pres.
. T. L. CLANCY. Sec.
eHELL Mound Park. Berkeley. July v <C? >.
4, eighteenth rrsnd annual gather- 5\ \ay/J I
.ing and games of the S. F. Scottish '_ly.
' Tblstie Club. The greatest affair of '*»st~* J
: (_• kind e\— r before witnessed in America. ;
Orand tala day of Scottish sports. Three
. ¦-. thousand dollars In cash prizes; rlegant and !
. . rr.st'.y medals fr>r amateurs. Grand ball and i
. •display of fireworks in th? evening. Oames j
tiprn to all-comers. Admission to park (day), f
edMlt* Sue; children under 12 years. 2. r ,c\ Ad- J
mission (r.ight). adults. Zlc; children. l»c. i
Buy your 'err- tickets for Sh.Il Mound Park.
«;_OK«;i: W PATERSON. Recorder.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
ANNUAL m^etir.K— The regular annual niret- !
Ing of the stockholders of The Fan Francisco j
nnd San Jmquin Valley Railway Company ;
mVO he held at the office of the company. No.
:C1 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.. on j
TUESDAY, the l?th day of July. 1900. at the I
hour cf 11 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose
rf electing a !?¦ ard of Directors to serve f.->r
the ensuing :-eat. and the transaction of such
other business n* may come before the meet-
lng. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
MRP. Padle P«nr. rclentlflc astrologlst. strictly j
¦reliahie »fi all matter* iwrtainini to lire ana ;
business: horr>*cp;.e readings. »1. T710 Hutter. j
AGEXTS WANTED.
nEMEMBER. we furnish agents all sub-«cr!p- !
tton horks at sarr h> prices as Eastern publish- j
rr>: eave time sr.d freight; library of South ¦
Africa. Life of Moody. New Atlas. New Music |
Hnr.k: can ship at onr»: send for samples. ;
The J. DEfflSO OQ-. Flood building. S. F. ;
ATTOKMSYS AT LAW.
F. W. KING, attrrr.ey at law. SI7 Market st..
rorr i CT7: estates, damages, attachments.
tii advance'eharpes; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without t-uccrss; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. KM Market. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
w. DAVIDSON. SI* Market Ft., cpp. Mason.
L P. CLARK. Err.ma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
k»t ft.: consultation free: no tees In advance.
AITOMOB1LES.
A 1 'T< ».\5 OBI LEfilFred WARD & SON.
Ar»ntf. 46 Fremont st.
BATH CABINETS.
ROlilNPON Sj. 4-p*nel folding: drx>r opens: firm
and »a'e. W. P. pr.OWN. gen. aitt.. 42« E11I».
I1OOK.S .NEW AM) OLD.
FCTJOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hc!ir,»> Book Co.. Tf-4 Mission St.. near Third.
DELGIAA' UAIIES.
BELGIAN hares: the right kind: Imported and
domestic; strictly pure; pedig— »« guaranteed:
jrlr«s reai"5r.:i!ile: write for free Illustrated
<~ata!r>— ue. 1'eialuma Incubator Co.. Petaiuma.
BELGIAN HARES!!
All the r- 1 >ii«r straini at greatly reduced
prices CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
' ASSOCIATION. Alatr ie<Ja. Cal.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 1134 Fillmore St., ,
Fan Francisco. CaL— Om of the fow reliable
flrrr.8 handllns Belgians.
OVER icy choice Belgians nt auction. Tuea- •
dsy. July 3. 2 i>. m. 10J7 Market pt.
CHOICE VKDIC.REEI) BELGIAN HARES;
rh-ar. IMMJ Butter st.
OOLDEN QAT_ BELGIAN HARE CO.. CCS Gol- I
den CJate ave.. ;^»1 rabhits for sale cheap, i
HIGH scoring, pedl-reed stock, reasonable.
Rfyal r..itti;r>, :i4 Oolnen Gate ave., S. F.
nrsi.M-ss cuaxces.
A— 5K0: COFFKE talocn close to Chronicle ,
; buildlrjt: a good business; investigate at I
ence. ''ail R «!¦ WILKE. MS Kearny et.
A DAT Mlorn drying a large buslne**; mostly
liquor trade; fixtures, glassware, etc.; J^Od-
stock at Invoice. Particulars. It. G. WILKE, '
2S*i Kearry n.
A — JTOO: CORNER grocery and bar on Brannan
rt. : rent fr.': living rooms: a good paying
business. Call H. «i. WILKE, 264 Kearny si.
A— WOO; PABTNEB wanted In coffee saloon
and chop house: close to Market tt.: a tplen-
<31d offer for the right man. Call K. CJ.
WILKE. £6H Kea— ly ft.
A— $40*. CANDY store *nA factory; close to
Powe.l and Market Us.: rent $40; cood pay-
ing business; MrUnr..« cause of sa*>. R. G
WILKE. y* Kearny st.
A— J4XX}; COaXEB grocery and bar; established
yean and known as a money miking place;
best location; close lo ChrOQlde building. See
R. G. WILKC. ISVj, Keamy et.
A — SlOOP; GROCERY and »*r rm Fan Bruno
road: living rooms; cheap rent; rjilendid open-
Ing for an active youns man; party wishing
to retire fro:n bu?!r.>'>!> cause ot sale Call
U. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
' A— «15OO; CORNER; wine and liquor store: only
¦ one fclook fr. m Market; rent Jif-; horse.
¦ttarcn und a larc* fK>ck; aptendld paying
bntlaees; difajrm-nier.t '.f partners cause cf
pale. See It. <;. WILKE. re 1 , Keamy rt.
A — $2*0; BEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Mayes rt. : no rent to pay: a rplendld
chance. See R. O. WILKE, 26^ Keamy rt.
SiOO— PAKTNER wanted In a first-class saloon
one block north of Market: owner leaving for
Europe. Call R. G. WILKE. S6S Keamy *t.
150ft- FRUIT and vegetable rtore ; fine horse and
sv&gon; fine business: best i. .cation in city;
great bargain. LANE & CO.. S£3 Market ht.
Si:**— POniC *t<re; hum. *,arcn and delicacies;
<-!e*rant busine*— LANE _ CO., Sfci Market.
•TSO-HAKKnY baklna J bb>. a day? i fanes'.
v.aR r .n. harness; fine Ktorc traJ»; living
room*: a bargain. LANE _ CO.. Mii Market.
M. GRIFFIN. TI» Market, r. L nr. Call i>!dg.
¦ Variety store; clears $!>0; — -.an or woman. J623
Stationery and notion*; nice for 1 person. l' ft
Paloon: cor.: good business; lew rent KWt
¦ Uellra'W rtore: central: good Iwtilili .'"! T-0
Grocery store; no bar; nice; Investigate.... 475
Branch bakery: Al: clear* Jl&O month.... 4Z0
THESE are all barga'.ns-Cnur.try hotel. $1000;
»ountry butcher business. 11500: countrv mdi-e.
rtore. tiXfl <v>ur.try drup store. *10O0; hay.
wood and coal business. $6t*>; grocery and bar.
. ffiOrt; downtown bakerj- and cafe. t_*0.
6CHWEINHARD & CO.. flJ Market *t. 7
. |€5ft— WELL located and rooJ paying saloon:
clcelr fitted up: full tnvestigatlon allowed: a
aacriflce- parties leaving for Nome; trial
,jveo. Mclaughlin & co., m* Market.
BXSI.XESS CIIAIVCES — CONTINUED.
A^^^.T7T7rrr??rrrr7riyv>o' *3ooo
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor:
miut havo partner: too much business for
proprietor to handle alone; best possible lo-
cation across the bay; near railroad depot:
h!I first -••i.-i.-.-s custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a mo. ; books
open for inKiu'dlon; investigation Folicited.
BTENBERO CO., 933 Market st.^
A— $450: RESTAURANT: best block on lead-
ing street; doing good business; meals 20c
and upward: estab. years; line for man and
wife. STENBERG CO.. 035 Mjirket Bt.
A— $2'J0: S-ROOM lodging house in center of
city: north o' Market: owner leaving State;
must sell. STENBKRG CO.. 633 'Market et.
FOR Fale— In live mining town of Sonora. coun-
ty soat. Ice cream and candy factory with res-
taurant attached; finest place and best busi-
ness In country, making money; no opposi-
tion; Fplendid opportunity for man & wife; In-
vcrti.Tatlnn EOlititPd: o^'urr wishes to Fell at
f.nce account Bickne&s. STKN'HEKG & CO., 9*5
Maili<?t. or P. O. box S12. Sonora. Cal.
FOR pale— Shoe shop, en account of going to
Europe. Inquire 181 Minna St., near Third,
from 9 a. m. to 12 m., to-<lay. j
WAKEHOUSETbusIness for ?al*. including fully j
fijuippetl plant for giindlns and cleaning j
grain; engine, boiler, mill, cleaner, etc.; lo-
cate«l on It R. central. Alameda Co.; no
competition: liuninei-s of last season clearing |
owner J17C0 to MSOO; buildings and machinery |
nil in Al cn.litiun: pri<-e for all. Including
large lot. $3000; a great bargain an<1 will bear
closest Investigation to parties meanlni; busi-
ness. H. H. CRANE. 508 California ft.
FOR sale— A strictly Rood buMnefs; restaurant.
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour daily; horce and wagon; |
lodKlns-hous«. 84 rooms, newly furnished ; ;
finest opportunity to inske money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Uakers-
fleM. C_L
GOOD-PAYING candy store, ire cream parlor, j
esUbllvhed 16 years: principal street: eae.ly j
c-]f nring ?100 a month; finest chance In the j
world for widow or two parties: full lnvestl- |
gatlon or trial allowed, fiee owner. 22 Sixth.
FOR sale— Blacksmith shop in prosperous town;
doing cood husine&s; no opposition; best of |
reasons for selling. Address F. B.. P. l>. box j
COT, Sacramento. _______
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
locution: plE'.-e 1? entirely covered: contains 3 \
Mall«: rent only JJ5; water free. Inqtilr? WM. ¦
HEJCDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldi^
LKADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor, j
cTinins-room. kitch-n. bar; completely furn.: i
will rent tell »r .¦xcliKnge. For particulars ,
write JOHNSON ft CARR. Monterey. Cal.
WANTED— fWOQ to increase business*; will !
su.-irantee *."i0 r>T month income and Rive ¦
r.mplc security for loon. Address at once, box !
lsvT. call cfttoe.
SAN RAFAEL and Boilnas stage and mall
rmtp for sale. For particulars address SAV-
KltP HROS.. Dollnas. Cal.
FOR sale to the hlphest bidder— 1000 shares nr ;
pnrt In a jcood-pavinij mother lnde mine: 20- ,
¦tamp mill in full operation. J? ox 1?"'4. Call. ,
FIRST CLASS corner saloon: tvlll refit fnr
Krocery nnd bar: no reasonable offer rejected.
Apply The Boulevard. Pt. Lobos and First av |
STATIONERY notion, candy store; cheap for j
cash or trade for lot. Inquire 401 McAllister, j
CIGAR ftand for rent cheap. Opposite railroad
depot. Third and Towngend sta.
FOK sale— Corner saloon; good business; cause, j
slrknese. 44 Second st. |
?S^WVVANTED. partner in printing business, j
402 McAllister st. •
TO RUSTLER— Half Interest In law and cotlee- j
tlon apency; no money required. I>ox li»3. Call. .
A-»17f.; BRANCH bakery end delicacy store; 3
livtnp rooms, with water; rent $12. 42S Sixth.
CANDY ftore for *ale; gnnd stock and fixtures;
low rent: no agents. 13S Hayes St.
FOR pale^Fruit and oyster stand. 1576 Market
St.; cheap if sold at onre^
H \_F business horseshoeing shop for sale. 120
Davis st.
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
UACKl'S STVPIO. 11 Geary; other bargains, i
COFFKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA8WKXJ t k CO.. 411 Facramento gt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10?6 Va-
lenrla tt.
LOUGIXG-HOL'SKS KOIl SALE.
A M GRIFFIN. 719 Market: Tel. Black 1S03. ,
10 rms. N. Mkt.: rent $Ii: bay-windows.. $»00 !
11 r central, cor.: rent 533: irood. clean.. J3.T.
IP r..' N. Mkt.: rent $3o: well fur.: full STS<i I
V> t ; rent $05; sunny cor.; 5 kitchens fUOU
IS r central: rent $SS; good location; full. JCO
34 r. ; cor.: >i cash: bargain; central $M00
SS r • full of men: central. Rood furniture. $1200
CO r. : hotel: 35 fur.: rent »S: full $S50
BUYERS, take notice— House of 18 rooms; make I
offer; house of IS rooms: easy payments: these
houses must be sold. SCHWEINHARD & CO..
917 Market pt.. opposite Mason. ¦
PARTT ownlnr first-class hotel with bar In
town near R. R. depot. Central Alameda Co.:
desires to exchange for first-class boarding
and rooming houpe in Oakland. II. 11.
CRANE. DOS California st.
FT'RNISHF.D house. S3 rooms and bath: rent
and price reasonable; good location. 36o Jessie.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
JIFT. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 9S3 Market st.. S. F.
CARI'ET BBAT1SG AND CL.K A -\ I X Q .
W71EN you become disgusted with poor work
pend to BPAVLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
tng Works. SC3-3S7 Tehama frt.: tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
?4I-344 McAllister St. ; phone South 146.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatinsr Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 150.
J.McQl'EEK'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
C3 Stevenson St.. tel. South IIS; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
PTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAbCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOI 3^
AL.— kinds~of wagons, buggies, carts." harnesn.
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 211T Mission ¦_
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at M2 Minion it.
NEW * r-J-hand wagon*, buggies, carts & har-
rer% . work A- driving h<r«» 15th * Valencia.
«*• SI'IKlTtALlSM.
GO to Watson, spiritual medium and palmist;
"luckv and truest" readings. -^>o up. 1*>M
Market »t.. near Twelfth.
MRfT HOTTER, spiritual medluwi: sittings; O.
$1. L. We; clr. Mo.. Wed.. Frl.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
II RP DI'XHAM. medium: readings dally: clr.
Taes.. Fri.. Z. S p. m. 14 McAllister, room 3a.
i FlUENDSHIP~IIall, 333 McAllister— Tests to-
| night; circle every eve.. 10c. Miss C. J. Meyer.
I TlTi;* week only-^Full sittings 25c. WATSON.
j medium, palmist. 15S1 Market gt.. naar 12th.
i WYLL1E. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
; MRS DUNHAM, medium: readings dally: clr.
I Tues.. Krl.. 2. S p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. business
medium, life reader; sitting. $L 1104 Market.
A WEEK'S news fnr 5 cents. The Weekly CaU.
1« page?. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
C_AlilVOYA.\T*n
MI'S. DR CI.AKK, • the well-known trance
i medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
I may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show vou how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lest affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed t» mail; send stamp for circular with
I ?peciel terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 206 Turk
1 «t.. near Jones.
: MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past.
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
I secret: Minns picture future husband or wife;
! fee rr,e and up: *at'.sfaetlon to everybody : open
Sundays 1167 Market ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles &0c.
prnts fl: palm. & clalr. : Fit. II 5C. 126 Turk st.
MME. 7.F.REDA, the gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader, I5c. 6 Seventh St.; no sign.
YOl^NG clairvoyant, card reader: Thursday,
FrifiHy. Saturday oniy. *¦« Everett st.. nr. 4th.
j MME. IIANhON. palmistry: cm d reader; past.
| pifsei-.t. future, SSc. 14S Plxth st., room 14.
] MME. RUTH, great prophetic card reader, "EOc.
70S EHie »t.. near l.xrkin.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 9C1>4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
j MMH. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay: 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCUAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dailr. riJ'4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; name* given: 25c up. S Fourth «t- *
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
hanil'w picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
ices successful. Room 310, 927 'Market st.
v
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms and bath. 3S35 Twenty-
fifth St.: rent $^
BUNNY cottage of 6 rooms, bath, gas, base-
ment, yard. 1119 Vallejo. near Leavenwortn.
$11 60— COTTAGE; * rooms; cellar: yard. 468
Linden ave.. near Hayes and Laguna Bt>.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S03 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teetn
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
, J3 r.O up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: or-
nce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extraction or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farretl st.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charre for extracting when plates are
made; oM plates made over like new; teetn
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. on
vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VROOM— "Painless*" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market ?t.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1M1 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR~BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits Jl oO: all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR CREELY'lfC. P. mange cure nnd worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 610 Golden Gate av.
Jjn"_r_s'>IAKKltS A.NP -KAJIS'l'KKSSiSat
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary St.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. 630 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
I S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
I French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Is ess,
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor-tMoffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL students but two taking full course this
vpar got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market et.
AYKES'. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket Pt.; life scholarship. $50: includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DEIS NAILLKN SCHOOL. 333 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
HKALD'S BCSINKSS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. : founded 1SG3; SO-page catalogue free.
CALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
| shorthand: bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat'log.
LE JEUNE Art nnd Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMl'LOVMKNT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estatl. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay 86.
ORI'HEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese htrlp. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. S0fi% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4im O'Farrell St.: tel. F.a«t 42*.
EMPLOYMENT WANTKO — FEMALS.
POSITION as cashier, office assistant or com-
panion to elderly lady: good correspondent,
reader, etc.: speak German fluently: city or
country; palar}' reaponable; references ex-
char.ge'd. Box 1SS3. Call office.
' A GOOD, honest woman, an excellent cook and
housekeeper; would assist with washing; city
or country. Call 141 Hyde St.. near Turk.
SITUATION wanted by a competent cook at
I cooking anl general housework. Call at 3760
; Diamond st.. near Moss ave.. Oakland.
! YOUNG larty. Mason's daughter. of reflne-
I 'ment. wishes a home or position as com-
panion to elderly lady only: no triflers. CaU
| or address M. W_ 902 Montgomery ft., r. 2.
I LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth st.
! WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
I week; convenient and respectable; free dus
I and baggag-? to and from ferry. '¦
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla et.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman for private family:
sober, neat appearance, well posted In the
city; good driver and worker; many years
with name employer: best references. Ad-
dreM L. A., S63 Mission St., city.
AN honest German farm hand, steady worker,
wants Job In vineyard or as teamster or
milker; Sonoma or Santa Clara «ounty pre-
ferred; state wages. Box 1SS8, Call office.
RELIABLE, temperate, experienced man of 33
wants employment In store, office or cigar
stand; day work: wages no particular ob-
ject. Box 1SCS. Call office.
PAINTER and paper hanger, first-class me-
chanic, with complete set of tools, wants
work by the day; city or country. Box 1835.
CaU office.
WISHES steady work In this city, an honest
middle aged man; good references; wagea
from $15 up. Box Call office.
MAN who knows something of cooking would
like to learn to cook; wages no object. Box
1S01, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY man wants work In respec-
table lodging-house: any Indoor work. Box
1S34, Call office.
BAKER, first-class foreman, wants a place as
such: bread and cakes. Address 225 Third
Bt.. Oakland.
GOOD all-round cook —-ants job: city or coun-
try. Address P. M-. box 1S92. Call office.
YOUNG man. speaking and writing fluently
French. German and English, desires posi-
tion as valet, traveling attendant or amanu-
ensis: fair cook also; good certificates. M.
P., box 1S5S. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man, single, age 26, de-
site* position as assistant bookkeeper, clerk
or timekeeper; understands operating Smith
Premier tvpewrlter: best of references fur-
nished; no objection to country. Box 1862, Call,
A GOOD fireman wishes some work In the city.
Please call at 575A Natoma st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st,
EXCH AXGE.
I NEW houses, one of 6 rooms and one of !
rooms; will exchange for lots or part ot
block; will assume mortgage: must be lc
Alameda. Owner. 1243 Park St., Alameda.
~~ EXl'ERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071^i Market (near 7th) — Examinations free;
German eye water by mall, 50c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examlred free: spectacles properly ad-
justcd. N. Manasse. «v-ul1»t optician. 910 Mkt.
FLAT- TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottage*, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st.
793 Halsht. f. « r...$25 7ZS Bush. f. 4 r.*13 Si
72 Webster, f. 6 r.. 26.3354 20th, f. 5 r 1
678 Geary, t. 6 r...27 50:250'i Tehama. f. 5 r. V
6€3 Geary, f. 7 r.... 311 132 Scott, f. 6 r.... V
A 4-ROOM flat with large, yard, stables anc
sheds.' Z Hayward et.. near Eighth.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; tunny; 2 l>ay windows
¦11 modern improvem'ts: 1st floor. 417H Third
CALIFORNIA. 141O',4. near Hyde— Handsomi
lower flat 6 rooms; rent SIS.
COZY horn* 1 flat: G rooms; bath. 411B Lyoi
st. near Hayes; $1S.
FLAT, $13; also sunny 4-room cottage, $10; ke;
at 623 Swxind »t.. rear Mail Dock.
GROVE, 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele
gant sunny top flat, 6 rooins and bath.
HA1GHT. 459B— Flat of 4 sunny rooms; base
ment; wash tubs: yard; rent 815.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to le
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery
LOVELY sunny 5-rooin flat: rent $20. 219«4 Eln
ave.. near Van Ness and Oolden Gate.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms and bath; 830>* BubI
ft.; rent cheap. Apply MADISON & BURKE
626 Market st.
NINETEENTH, 39S0. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-st. car*— Lovely lower key-lot 6
room flat; sun all day; rent IIS; water free.
I
i
<
I
:
i
l
i
!
t
i
k
o
l
(i
?
i
e
y
t
n
ji
h
i-
FLATS TO LET.
BUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms: bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
S.W. COR., Just completed, upper flat ot 7
rooms; all sunny and up-to-date in. every
¦ particular. $35. 1617 Page st. '
$9— SUNNY flat 5 rooms; bath, water; range.
Jersey and Sanchez sts.
$10— FLAT of 5 rooms. E15 Thirteenth St.
$12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 171SA
Leavenworth st. .
$15— UPPER flat; 6 rooms; modern lmprove-
menta. IPOS Minna st.. near Eleventh.
FURNITURE KUIl SALE.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms cheap for cash. 1344
Alabama St.. between 25th and 26th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S B0. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ll'IlMTl'llii WAMEO.
SECOND-HAND furniture In exchange for
painting, whitening. paper-hanging. 3726
Twenty-third fit., near Dolores.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission at., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red S353.
HEjLP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
J waitresses, country, $30, see party 10 a. m.
Monday; 2 waitresses. Fresno. $25, fare here;
5 other waitresses, country. $25; 8 waitresses,
commercial hotels. $20: 3 waitresses, springs.
$20; 6 waitresses, city hotels. $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, city, $7: 3 lunch waitresses, $3 50,,
no Sunday work; 2 chambermaids, country,
$20; 3 chambermaids, city, $20: 2 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; woman cook. $30; extra
waitress
FAMILY ORDERS
Housegirl, Grass Valley. $25 and fare paid:
housegirl, Humboldt County. $20. see party
here: 2 friends to go together to cook on
ranches near together, $25 each, fare paid,
eee party here, to go next Saturday: ranch
cook for men only, $30; French girl from old
country to go to Pescadero. $20; housegirl.
Gllroy, $25 and fare, and long list of orders,
city and country, too numerous to Itemize. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to asslfc with light work
and care of 2 children for Alameda: good
home; $12; see party here. C. R. HANSEN
&. CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Chambermaid for country hotel;
$25 and free fare. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay sC
WANTED— Young girl or widow to keep house;
Swedish or German preferred, and one who
Is not afraid of work. Box 1S90. Call office.
GIRL for housework and cooking, $16 a month;
2 In help. 1117 Van Ness ave.
YOUNG lady for candy counter: experienced
preferred. SCHAEFER. 22 Sixth St.
SECOND girl, one accustomed to children pre-
ferred. 1562 Post st.
A GOOD reliable nurse girl. Apply 2026 Bush
street.
YOUNG girl to assist; 3 In family. 223 Four-
teenth st.
WANTED— Woman or girl to work In res-
taurant. Call 416 ThUft st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. Si'u Fremont st.;
no exeprlence necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED typesetter | and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H_ box 1S24. Call office.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework: family of 2. 2015 Broderick
et.. Mo iday, between 10 and 12 o'clock.
A WHOLESALE house desires a business
woman of good address for the road. Box
1S82. Call.
A 'YOUNG lady to engage In manicuring busi-
ness; good proposition to right party. Address
box 1883. Call office.
WANTED— Girls and young women for light
work In laundry. Apply Monday morning at
1519 Eddy st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework;
widower and 3 children; wages $12. S07 Fil-
bert st.
WANTED — Experienced neckwear makers and
apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON. SIS Marktft.
AN lroner wanted. Apply 251 Jessie st.
WANTED — A competent nurse for two eirls:
i waees $20. Address box 1877, Call office.
: WANTED— A plain cook for San Rafael; small
! ffmlly; wages $25. Apply box 1877. Call.
OPERATOR and buttonhole maker Immediate-
ly; wages from $10 to $12. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
WANTED— A German girl at 419 Jones st.
WANTED — A woman to work In lodging-house
for room and board. 121 Powell st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call 13
Howard St.; fee young lady.
NEAT German girl for general housework;
wages $20. C06 Castro St.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller, 7S1 Sut-
ter s.t
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
| lencla st.
| CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
UELP WANTED MALE.
MILK wagon driver. $50; washer and starcher.
$35; man about place, $30; Swiss gardener,
$30; 8 farmers, $16 and $30; sheepherders, $25;
Swiss milker. $30; 4 stablemen, $25, $30 and
$35 and found; woods and mill men of all
kinds at going wages; laborers lor railroad
work, free fare; blacksmiths, machinists,
cabinet-makers, ship carpenters; 8 laborers
for mine, $2^ day; 2 carmen for mine, $2 60
day; miners. $40 and board and $3 day; cooks,
waiters, dishwashers and many others. J.
C. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
WA-NTED— Waiter and wife, chambermaid,
country hotel, $55; fare paid.
waiter, country hotel, $30 and fare.
2 waiters, company's boarding-house. $25.
dining-room porter. $25.
dishwasher, wayside house, $15.
dishwasher for springs, open all the year, $25.
baker*! helper, country shop, $30.
man about place and wife, $10.
farmers, San Mateo, $26; Tulare, $26; Berke-
ley, $25; choreman, Madera, $.25.
farmer. $26: choreman. same place, $20; far*
50 cents.
four-horse teamster, city, $J0.
milkers, Oakland, $32 50: Santa. Claxa. »30;
Sonoma. $25; Sacramento, J30.
dairyman on large ranch; steady and easy
place; only 15 cows; $30.
blacksmith helper, large vineyard. $S5; also
helper on ranch. $30.
lroner, country, $30.
t ranch teamsters, $1 25 a day.
laborers for mine, outside work, steady. $2
a day. . 5-' v : : ;.
men to work on flume. $40 and board.
railroad laborers, free fare; woodchoppers,
all furnlphed.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
TWO strong able men to haul grain In coun-
try- two dollars per day. AV. D. EWER.&
CO.. 610 Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union meets to-night
at 102 O'Farrell st. Journeymen who wish
Fhorter hours axe Invited to Join. I. LESS,
Pecretary. t
LUNCH waiter wanted. -17 Washington st.
WANTED— Man bandy with carpenter tools.
Corner- Arkansaa and Solano ats.. Potrero.
WANTED— Painter; call early. 785 Folsom st.
1RONER. Troy machine. 353 Tehama St.. be-
tween Fourth and Fifth. - : - ¦ .
A~LUNCH cook wanted. SE. oorner Main and
Howard sts.
DISHWASHER wanted. 628 Fourth at.
WANTED— Experienced milk wagon driver.
140S4 Devisadero st.
GOOD strong boy wanted to wash dishes at
GOOCH'S OYSTER GROTTO. 113 Ellis st.
KITCHEN help. Apply 413 Third. Bt.
WANTED— A Rood experienced waiter at 107
Berry st. foot of Third st.
WANTEPr-Nlght cook. 225 Grant ave.
UPHOLSTERER wanted. 943 Mission. Furnl-
ture store. - ' '
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
60c. (63 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
H_!LP i WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. PHONE MAIN BS48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
WE SHIP FREE
7263 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona. Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon, Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY 11
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day.
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. m. for S. P. R- R- labor-
ers and teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
COME ONE-COME ALL
FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division free
Wadsworth (Nev.) division free
Pacramento (Cal.) division free
Western, Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld di-
vision free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
muir free
laborers, teamsters, etc., regular wages j>ald.
office fee Jl free fare
FREE FARE CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammersmen S"»
150 laborers, inside work, free fare S6O
25 hard-rock miners *"»
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP'
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers. $3, 12 50, $2 day, $55. J50, $50,
$45, $10, $30 and found; come see
5 coopers o brick molders
6 cabinet makers spool tender
engineer, also a fireman
coremaker and 53 other mechanics, wages
run from $4. $3 CO. $3. $2 50. $2 day and found.
- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A—^TABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc.. city and country. $50. $40.
$35. $30 and $25 and found: coachmen and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city......
$1 75 day
126 men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL ..•••
386 laborers, teamsters for all parts of Cali-
fornia. $2 50. $2 25, $2. $1 75 day; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt
A— FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES. HAY
....PRESSES. VINEYARD?. HAY AND
HARVEST FIELDS
S26 farm hands $35. $30. $26 and found
125 haying hands. ...$1 25 to $1 50 day and fd
36 harvest hands $1 50 to J2 day and found
56 dairy hand? milkers, butter and cheese
makers. $40. $35. $30 and found: come s<?e....
06 chore men ar.d boys. $30. $26. $23, $20. $15
and found ¦ • • • ¦ - •
5 sheep herders, fare $1 50... $25 and found
superintendent for large orchard and vineyard
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
A-TO MINES GOLD MINES J"*.*??
MINES SILVER MINES MINES
MINES OTHER MINES MINES;
53 miners, single hand, different Jobs $••>
6 machine miners, gold mine $•*»
32 miners, single hand, excellent Job .
7. J60 and found
52 laborers for a large mine. $40 to $S0 per
month. Including hoard and lodgings; if you
give satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
Ht $60 per month with board and lodgings:
special, good, steady jobs: remember, all the
above laborers for all mines need "no experl-
1S5 labo'rers.'dlffere'n't 'mine's, $50. $48. $42. $10.
$35 and found, fares from $1 50. COME. SEE...
CROWDS MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COME DOWN and get our list, containing
723C different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS. .LAUNDRY HELP
IS bakers, first, second and third hands, $53,
$50, $45, $40, $35 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand, $50; second hand, $40
and found, same country Job, boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work In bakeries, $20,
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses,
etc.. $40. $35, $30 and found, COME. SEE
15 laundry men. washers, markers starchers.
polishers, ironers. etc., $35, $40. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL.. ..CANDY. ...and OTHER DEPTS
63 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $65. $60. *55. $50, $43. $40, $35, $30, 423
and found; 32 waiters, COME, SEE. $35. S30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps.
JSO and found, YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country
$30. $23. $20 and found
5 cooks and wives, hotels and camps «...
$50. $50 and found
9 porters and bell and elevator boys
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw-
mill company
man to help in bakery of a mine $30 and fd
lunch counter man $33 and found
candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mines, restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories, hay
presses, resorts. Institutions, etc. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERS
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME, ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK, USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER, and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay at.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
663 men for different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers. bark peelers. $40 and
found: crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang ed&ermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $75. $90. $120. $60.
$50. $40, $30 and found: 5S4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
S3, J2 50. $2, $1 50. $1 and 75c cord; shingle
1 Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 Rnd found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary it
200 teamsters, new railroad. State of Nevada..
$2 a day
Ship Daily F«e $1 Free Fare
200 laborers, S. P. Company's own work
$2 a day
Ship Dally Fee $1 ...Free Fare
200 laborers and teamsters, Coast Road
$2 a day
Ship Dally Fee $1 Free Fare ;
60 laborers R. R., Shasta Co 18e an hour
Ship Dally Fee $1 Free Fare
60 laborers. Salt Lake Dlv $1 75 a day
Ship Dally Fee $1 Free Fare
25 woodsmen, $35 to $45 and board, eee boss
here; 6 tunnel men. K 2S a day; 10 farmers. |
$125 day and board; 6 miners and machine
men, $2 50 and $3 a day; 6 blacksmiths and
horseshoers, $2 25, $2 60 and $3 a day; butter-
maker. $50; 6 choremen. different resorts, $20
and $25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, waitress, country hotel. $70.
fare advanced; cook, country hotel.. $50; 3
broilers and fryers, city, $45, $50 and $60; 4
bakers, country shops, $45, $50 and $60; 6 dlph-
— 'ashers, different country hotels, J25 and $30;
4 porters, different country hotels, $10; 10 dish-
washers, citv $20. $25 and $30; 6 bell and ele-
vator boys, $10, $15 $20.
E colored waiters, country hotel, $25: 10 wait-
er?, different country hotels. $30 and $25: 6 res-
taurant waiters. $30, $35, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... V 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 132.
THE Howard Lodglns-house, 549 Howard Ft.,
bet. First and Second; San Francisco— Thij
house has changed hands; has been thorough-
ly renovated and Is the cheapest, cleanest
and quietest house In the city; all the rooms
are hard finished close to top and are all out-
Blde rooms; large sunny reading-room; special
attention to mornlns calls; single rooms, per
night. 10c to DOc; per weeli, 60c to $!. J. B1T-
TERLIN. prop.
"WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; 6 to 8
weeks' constant practice; wages while learn-
ing; transportation paid; the only barber col-
lege In Southern Call. CHARLES GORDON.
Instructor, champion barber of the Pacific
Const. 417 N. Main Ft.. Los Angeles.
WANTED— Willing and bright boy, 14—16 yean
old: must live with parents. Apply at store,
335 Bush St.. 9—10 a. m.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel. Fourteenth
ave. and X st. South. Take Kentucky-st.
cars.
DISHWASHER wanted. 60 East st.
WANTED— Boy to wash dishes; llarht • work:
call early. Fashion Rest. 12S O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A night cook at 207 ! Thlrd «t.
— t'ANTED — An experienced elevator boy. Bay
State. Restaurant. 29 Stockton st.
YOUNG man for porter or pantryman; res-
taurant. 206 McAllister st.
FOUR barbers for country: first-class — -a«es;
car fare paid. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 7th.
STRONG boy as dishwasher and to make him-
self generally useful. 135. Powell st.
WANTED— Good barber: steady job. SAM
WITT, 2313 Santa Clara ave, Alameda.
TAILOR wanted at 220 McAllister. Call be-
fore 8 a. m.
2 CARRIAGE painters wanted. Apply 426
Ninth Bt.
MAN of good address for responsible position.
Room 61, forenoon. 530 California st. «'«S£S
TO LET — Furnished barber shop: 2 chairs; long
established. Apply 33S9 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Shoemaker to buy a good paying
repairing shop. 1155 Howard Bt.
WANTED — 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at 527 14th st., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner bids.
KELP WANTED-MALE.
WANTED- Master electrician. An examina-
tion of applicants will be held at the Navy
Yard, Mare Island. Cal.. July 6, 13W. for
Master Electrician at $5 04 per diem. The ex-
amination will be open to all comers who can
eive evidence of experience In comluc^SK me.
kind of work for which they seek employment
and who are citizens of the United States.
Applications will be addressed to the Com-
mandant, Navy Yard. Mare Island. Cal.. and
must be delivered to him on or before Thurs-
day July 5. No application received arter
that date will be considered. Each applicant
will state In his application his name, age.
residence. citizenship, present occupation
(stating shop and position therein) and pre-
vious employment or work done. The appli-
cation must be accompanied by evidence of
citizenship and by certificates, preferably
from previous employers, as to character. I
habits of industry and sobriety and skill ana ,
experience In conducting work of the kind ,
required. ' JOHN D. LONG, Secretary of the ,
Navy. j
ELDERLY man or boy to work on duck ranch: }
email wages; good home. Cor. Arkansas and ;
Eighteenth sts.. Potrero. I
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. ?17 -Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; S5c per night: tl to *2 p»r week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damajf^-i. half
price. S62 Mission St.. bet. l3t and 2d sts. J
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and screen hand*: '
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart. ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Slar- j
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free j
•bus and baggage to and from the feriy. |
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard— j
Rooms 13c to 2ic per night: :.'*.• to $2 p*r week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiMmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
subscriptions has been established at 10% \ a-
lencla st. _____—_—___—_—————»
HOKSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses Just arrived, welghlns from 100O to
1600 pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Stanford Stables. 308-310 Golden Gate ave.
43 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers^ |
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY" S. 2170 Market st. ; Castro-
ft. cars pass the door.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
FOR sale— 2 extra fine carriage teams. r»AL-
ZIEL. Vet. Pcntlnt. 605 Oolden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr- I
cular. G. II. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. |
HOUSE. 633 Locust ave.. bet. McAllister Bt. ¦
and Golden Gate ave.; 4 rooms; rent SI?.
$14— A SUNNY home: water free; garden. 611 ,
Dolores'st.. near Twentieth. |
~~~~*"~*~"~*~* _——_——¦—»——¦———»—¦—-——¦ !
LOST AND FOOD.
LOST — Saturday evening. June 30. on Hyde »t.
car, leather suit case containing clothing.
Return to 2293A Sacramento st. : reward.
LOST— On steamer Ukiah. 7:13 a. m. trip from
San Rafael. Wednesday. June 27. ladles'
pocketbook, containing in>;ney and ticket. Re-
ward If returned to 51 Appraiser's building, j
MKDICAL.
D~R. O. ~\v7 O^DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fall
call on him. 1023V4 Market st. i
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialist, j
has returned from Europe; »— fe and reliable; i
cure Jj; have treated thousands of cas*>3 with
euccess: 15 years' practice in a. F. ; maternity :
home; low fees. ltJ07fr Market St.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office $5; any ailment: consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1935 Market— LaSies' spe-
cialist; home in confinement; safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
MRS DR. Gl'YER, 446 Eddy st.. well known
and' reliable: ladies' specialist; consult free:
home In confinement; hours a to 5 and 7 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scl-
ent I^oinethoda^t^e^t— lentjjto^ <
DR NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sanl-
tarlum.704 Sacramento.cor.Kj*rny:advtce free.
Dr. James Pferce. 265 O'Farrell. rooms S and 3—
Female specialist; home or office treatment ii.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR "WISE (YS) the ladies" specialist. 1113
Market St.; every case guaranteed; *5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MISCELLA.NEOUS — FOli SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-13* Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures- new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth'; write for catalogue.
FOR sale at about half its regular price; lot
: of new silverware: Rodcers Bros.' best goods:
r-ounce plate: 8 sets of table spoons, several
dozen each of forks, teaspoons and knives;
soup ladle, carving eet. sugar tongs and bowl,
butter, creamer card receiver, syrup pitcher,
tray also lot of fine china ware; ether things.
MRS. SELL. 771 5th et.. cor. Mrkt.. Oakland.
A YAWL-RIGGED boat for sale very cheap.
Apply Sunday SOS Channing way. West Berke-
ley.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boiler? « water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Sr>ear
FOR sale— Oak roll top and flat top desks,
leather upholstered chairs, carpets, letter files.
etc; new and good quality. Ad. box I860. Call.
YOUXO tame black bear cub. just arrived from
Oregon; cheap. Apply at schooner Coqullle,
at hay wharf, foot of Third et.
INCUBATOR: very nice: ever so cheap. £43
Geary st.
A— S3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bidg.
FOR sale— Schooner about twelve tona; 4 years
old; cheap. J. HIATT. 7S3 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL diamond sunburst for sale. Ad-
dregs box 1S2S. Call office.
(HP gasoline marine encine complete; almost
new;.cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516-51S-520 Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling:. $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price.
$75; concert records, SI 50. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE enginea. boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 Hre and burg-
i lar proof safe; cheap. C Main st.
I A FINE suit. 510: dre«s pants. $: 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for J2 30.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks. scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe 116 California st.
SAFES! New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and i"»cond-hand, all sizes. THR
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market 8t. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air re— iprefsor: S loco— <otlve». 220 Fremont.
3IISCELLANEOLS WAXTS.
IF you wl»h full value for your cast-off clothing;
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
WATER Pipe. 3. 4. 6 Inches; in quantities to
suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
JIOXEV TO LOAN.
ANT amount at 6 per cent; 1st. Jd and 3d moru
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no d*-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY preposition, any amount; C per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
,in estates, legacies, corporation loans. chat'.U
, mortgages; life Insurance. Room 16. tirst
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
»t.; teL Main 1M4. Branch 19 Third at.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount*
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 2S Montgomery.
LOANS made on furniture at lVi ptr cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARdHBARGKli
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL. rm. U, Merchants' Exchance, 431 Calif]
3IOXEY ?<^Jg__|_,_.
BONK LLI. Consenatory bltig____ . t
AFlS'l^rnTToom [S «Wt_t^I«_W;
and pla«^ withouTr«nov»I|W«l^te
service; money .llrect; lowMt er^ rket gt .
S3 ami 63. Donrhoe building. n.x__; _
amt «««« s^5^r_S?TStS:?-S-ffi-»2
financial probjems; M mortgages_e ; _^__
3lt;SICAlT~INSTIti;3IE.%T9.- _^
F |_3: U- vm, to? .t'le yo.,'11 get the bargaiu.
MALTVAKS MKj^C_CO__763_ Market at.
i CAMPERS should take alons some of our ¦ On*
| Vflkcne strings for Banjo: they -excel totWg
strength and quality ; SOe per set. MA.UYM9
MUSIC CO .. T£J Market St. _______
WE -^ell OlympiaTMusic I5oxes. and all oth-f
k!ml 3 of musical instruments. on, tas^"™'_%V
come and see. even If you haven t much -™g£'
to jay down. MACVAIS MUSIC CO., .63 Mar-
Is we represent the best nsak. of piano, in
every grade from Steinway down to low-
P rlJed makes, and as our
ments are easier than those of otfer««»
we are the people from whom you *n° u ;;
purchase: new upright P»» nM -,^ c "^*!_;£*
fcr. C Kea^y and^ Putter -ts.. San FmncLco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at cost: owing to the dull season now
. uDon u«, we are accumulating a large stock oC
r?nt" I Piancs: these, together with »"«"»»«
of samples sent us from factory, will ba
nil gt. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest ho«M
west of Chicago la KOHLEP. & CHASuj. S.
Ifi. 2S and 30 O'Farrell »t.: pianos organs anrt
all other musical instrument* of all grades
and prices: terras easy; prices lowest; f_ er y*
thing possible dene to pleaae and satisfy t_a
customer. -
I IF vou want a piano of standard mak» cheap,
! nnct-g from JTi up. take advantage of ouj
i closing out sale. SPENCERS. lll3 Market «t.
i A BEAUTIFtTL upright piano, nice toaa. m«-
j dlum size. flOO. Room 21, Flood building.
MUST sell for cash at a low fljrure: a fla* t~
pelal upright. 1614 Golden Gata ave.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Inatallmant I-
F er mcr.th. SCHMITA 16 SIcAlIlster »t.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be »old thi«
week for storage: offers wanted (cash or ln-
gtallmer.ta). Wilson's gtorage Co.. 1710 Mrlt..
SELLING out regardless of cost— Entire stock
of pianos: store to let; fixtures for «a*a.
I JAMES KEEFFE. 1013 Van Ness a~e.
SOHMER & CO.. Bjtoti ManiT, Gabler. Haxnri-
toii pianos. 20$ Tost St.. opp- Vnlon sq-oare.
OX furniture, piano?: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. VI. « Edd7 »t.
"W G BADGER 412 Sacramento St.. aicent for
j Francia Bacon and Ha'.let & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. EL
j MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac?.
ONE Steinway. 1 Ch!ck»r!mr, J130: lnstailmenta
J5 to $10: rent %2 up: HEINE'S. 1S6 Ellis »t.
REDUCTION' sale: new pianos. $5 payments;
fnr rent. S2 up. RRUENN. 2"< Po"t a?.
j OFFICES AXD STORE*— TO LET.
I FREE samples of Developer. Backus Studio, tl
Oer.ry st. Etchln? Matte and Platinum p**?""
TAIJIISTUY.
MME. Ne»rgaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
1 Palml«try: rea-1« 1 to 8. 61S Pe^ry. nr. Jon-«.
j FASTl'KAGE.
I0O TO SOO acres green pasture. clov»r and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terrr. apply A. B. FTT.T.F.R. A^t'.o^h. Cal
riIYSICJA.\S A->D SUUGEOXS.
i DR. C. GO* DONNELL— Office and restdeac*.
1O*1H Market «t.. bet. Sixth and £»vent_.
| YOUXO surgeon tr> make professional tour thro*
Mexico: splendid opportunity. Bex 1SS3. Call.
l-EKSO.XALS.
I AN elegant suit for »10 75 from Imported or io-
j mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1H7 Market Bt.
j between Seventh and Eighth.
I MADAM ADA. wonderfully gifted healar.
I 34 Kearny st.. rooms 10 — 11.
I LEDERER, the popular hair dresser, glv«»
you the very latest hair styles for only JSa
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box •C13.
j Call ofHce.
I Jl E* MISSES* kid shoes for 50c a pair at THB
| BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 M.irk«t. nr. Third.
'• LEDERER s»lls the very best switches at lha
' very sjr.allest price, from tl up.
\ LEDERER'S Qulntonlca keeps the hair !n fin*
condition, &c b">t.; Lerterer's F.^arno S_asi-
poo can't be beat. 5c eke. 13 Stockton tt.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 4C7.
MIPS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
?;.O Market «.. lecond floor, room 37.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — Wlncheste-*
Hotel. 44 Third »t.. near Market: 7GO rooc is;
25c to JJ1 50 per night; II 50 to 16 per week;
free 'bus and hasgage to and from the ferry.
AIILtflORN House.- 313 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
Ing German-American hotel of San Francisco ;
Jl per day and up: finest meals in city. 25c.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing boug-t and
sold. Sil-erman, 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, tl: at all drug— 1st*.
CAST-OFF clsthins. old Kold and silver bougv t ~ ;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 50« Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2604 Pacific ave,.
j b«t— een Pierce and Scott: phone Stelner SSSV.
rHOTOGUAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FREE samples of Developer. Backus Studio. U
Geary st. Etching Matte and Plaxlnum Pap«r.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
etndlo. 11 G»arr *t.. rrcund and tnp floors.
R_AL liSTATB— CITY— FOH SAtB.
ficco— BARGAIN and sacrifice; I Cats; first-
class improvements; renu $31: p&yi 8 per ctat
net; _lxS7:6. Apply R. McCOLOAN. 21 Moat-
pomery St., room 3.
$25.CO0 — THE cheapest buy In town; -will mor*
than double the value Inside of 19 years; tj
close an estate will be sacrificed now; an »;*-
pact Market-st. property, east of Valencia,
3!>xi:4 to rear street. Apply R. McCOLQA-N.
j 14 Montgomery St.. room 2.
I JS7;&— THE best bargain in the city: cost $U,C0O-
I 4 flats. 2 stores: rents $35. SE. Stockton ar.i'
Greenwich. Apply R. McCOLQAN. I* Mont-
gomery at., room 1
J03«G— MODERN 9-room hoisse In choice locatica
rn Waller St.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Hn!Rht-st. enrs; finished witJi marble ttepa.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood — lantela. hard-tin-
lshed basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash.
balance- 150 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
VERY cheap—Fush it., east cf LarSUri; nlci»
larsce residence, or could b*» turned Ir.ta flat*;
very sunny: 2fxl37:6. Apply on premises. __i
F.uyh st.
FOR SALE— Cottase 5 nrcn-.s; high baseiner.:;
«=unny front: patent closet; cliy water* bir-
ca:r. 63 Serpentine p!ac<?.
¦ FOK sale — Northeast corner 'W.iHer and Shrarter
• Rts.: lmprovevl four rtores ami two flats* b-in -s
10 prr cent en Investment. Owner. 621 Shrader.
• MODEHN houses and fiats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimate* furnished for _u
: bending work. CAMPBELL. 1147 M.aalon it.
MODERN cottage of 5 roorr in and bata «•#
owner at HI Twenty-seventh «t.
, HOUSE and lot; cheap; Income $^> call — ?
REAL ESTATE — CO_.VTUyZ_Ko- Snl«
: 42 ACRES in Kapa Valley. ~m^l^ n hou«-~
1 barn. -ater. vines, olives, frutt tree-., etc • i
¦ rr.ne* from S«. Helena: $23no. Adrtrfss nr pa'
evenings at It7 San Carlos st.. S F *
i BAHCAIN; 117 acres eoodlln'dT "port ion ro »i-
. jusar beets: fronts on main cGunVy • ro-iS. aU
: Jolntnjr town of Pleasanton. Alameda Ox •
must be sold; bank price J47 &> r£r «.~:
; m>|rht w '^'v'J-»- H. ft_ CRANE. V* CalTt.*
; C^OO-FIVE acres In Santa ClaraTaTl orchaTv
. house, wel!. etc. SPARROW. 9 Peary? TO 15
! C "5 IC CnlHf"n t c7. VUU; »-»'"5^rBni_ O ." Bo ;OKth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July L 1900, 5 p. m.
The following: maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 5S|Red Bluff 90
Mount TamalpaU... 75| Sacramento $6
Independence i8 San Luis Oblspo.... 72
Fresno , 94 San Diego CG
Lob Anpelcs 71
San Francisco .data: Maximum temperature,
C3; minimum, 51; mean, 67. •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Cen
tral California, Washington and Northern Ore
j-on. Elsewhere it is clear. Light rainhaa
lull- ti along the Washington coast.
The ¦ pressure has fallen during: the past
twenty-four hours over the Pacific slope, but
there has been a slight rise during .the last
twelve hours.
The temperature has fallen over Utah and
Central Nevada and risen over Montana.
Elsewhere the changes Have been slight.
Conditions are favorable for partly Cloudy or
foggy weather along the c/iast of California
Monday and fair weather inland.
Forecast made at San Francisco, for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 2, lSW:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
r-artly cloudy or foggy along the coast: cooler
In the Interior: fresh west wind.
Southern California — fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday.
Utah— Fair- Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday. ¦• • . .
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy- or
foggy Monday; fresh west wind.
||p|S|liOcal Forecast Official.' ,
Weather Report.
ARRIVED.
SUNDAY. July 1.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, 102 hours
from Nanalmo.
Ktmr Walla Walla, Ha.i, 60 U hours from
Victoria and Puget Pound ports.
Stmr Clnone, Madsen, 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 14 hours from
Fort Brass- ' , ' ,
Stmr Orizaba, Parson*, from Lureka.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, 22'j hours frrm
'stmr Fcotla. AValvltr. 13 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell. 21 days and 23 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days and 21
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 12 hours from
'sfrnr Gypsy. Leland. 24 hours from Moss
Lamilnp a"nd way ports
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman. 12 days from
nark Gatherer. LJunggen, 8 days from Ta-
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 16 hours from
Bowens Landln™.
Schr Helen N*. Kimball, Hansen, 21 days from
Mahukona. _ t ,
Rchr Reliance, Larsen, 24 hours from Iver
'"chr Lizzie' Pren. Hansen, 4 days from Co
nuille River. ~ _ ,
Schr Impossible, Low. 8 hours from Point
Schr Abble M Deering, Chrlstensen, 17 days
from Bering Sea. g£&.
SUNDAY, July 1.
Stmr Emrlr*. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr South Const, Olsen. .
Stmr Conemaugh. Roberts. Nagasaki and
Stmr Leelenaw, Storr«, Nagasaki and Hono-
U S ptmr Grant. Schiller. Nagasaki.
Schr Newark. Beck. Howens landing.
Schr Henrv Wilson. Johnson, .
Schr Western Home. Daerwerltz. Coos Bay.
Ital bark Kmanuel- Accame, Ameslio,
Queenstown.
POINT LOHOS. Julj- 1. 10. p. m.— Weather
fOKKy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
" DOMESTIC POUTS.
EUREKA— Arrived July 1-Stmr Eureka,
hence May 29. Sailed— Schr Esther Buhne. for
San Francisco. „"-...._,,
Salle.l June ?0— Stmr North Fork, for San
SEATTLE— Arrived June SO-Stmr Fulton,
from Nome. Arrived July 1— Stmr Aberdeen,
from Nome;-«tmr Cltv of Seattle, from Skijer
uay. Sailed June 30— Stmr Kxcelsior. for Cooks
Arrived July 1-Stmr City of. Topeka, from
PORT ' TOWXSESP- Arrived .July 1— Schr
Albert Meyer; from Honolulu. Sailed July 1 —
l?ark Inward, for Oakland; schr Corona, from
Honolulu. Or ship Marie Is at Royal Roads,
from Honolulu. , ~, »..
DUTCH HARBOR— In port June 20— Nor Btmr
Hero stmr Farallcn. U S stmr Wheeling, stmr
Homer, stmr Robert Dollar: stmr Samoa, hence
June 10. for Alexander Bay.
ASTOniA-Salled July 1— Stmr Del Norte, for
San Francisco.
SAN Dl EGO— Sailed July 1— Schr Mabel Gray,
for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 1— Stmr
Aztec, from Nanalmo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived June 20— Nor stmr
Thyra. from Astoria.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 1— Bktn Charles F
Crocker, from Salaverry; Br bark Brusrels.
from Llveri^ool.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July I— Stmr Ser
vla. for Liverpool. Sailed July 1— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 1— Stmr Koe
nlgen Lulse, from Bremen, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 1— Stmr Potts
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr Bo
livia, from Naples and Gibraltar.
Shipping Intelligence.
ThP contest between Tamalpais Camp
and Western Addition Camp Is still going
on. This is a contest as to which camp
in a given time shall add the greatest
number of strangers to its membership
roll. The indications are that when the
contest it; over the treasury of one of the
camps will suffer, for the losing camp will
havo to banquet the new neighbors as well
as those who introduced the strangers
Into the forests of woodcraft. Tamalpais
is doing its best not to pay the banguet
bill, but finds that it has a strong op
ponent In Western Addition Camp.
Tamalpais Camp has started a social
fund, and when the membership shall
have reached 150 a stated amount shall
be taken out of the general fund monthly
and transferred to the social. Under thia
rule the camp will be enabled to have a
first-class entertainment every month.
Tamalpais Camp at Its meeting last
Monday nisht Initiated six candidates,
three of those being- members of the po
lice department. The third degree was
conferred on one of the latter In a manner
that excited the Interest of his fellow star
wearers in watching him ride the fraternal
ax, which Ip "the goat of the Woodmen."
The committee having charge of the pub
lic Installation of the new officers of the
camp to-morrow night has a surprise on
its programme that will keep its friends
guessing until the joker Is produced.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World, the largest of the local camps.
Is still actively at work adding to Its mem
bership on every initiation night. It Is the
banner camp of San Francisco, and the
membership proposes to hold the banner.
The new officers soon to be Installed pro
pose to keep up the good work of the
term that is passing.
Woodmen of the World.
TO SAIL
NOTE— In tbi» above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Ttie
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rlve«i the
last tide of the day. except rvhen there are but
three tides, as (sometimes occurs. The heiKhts
jelven are In addition tn the soundlncs on the
Unl'ed States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus glsrn (— ) precedes the helcht,
and theft the number given is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the chart*. The. plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
MONDAY. JULY 2.
Sun rises 4:51
Sun sets 7:35
Moon sets 10:33 p. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and HeiRhts of High and Low
¦\Vaiers at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hUli and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the Mine at both |>lacus.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer Movements.
9
5 lTlmel (Time) JTime|
I ITlmel
» I i Ft. ! : Ft. ! 1
• IH AV| IL W H W
i Ft. [ ! Ft.
2 ... 2:35 4.2 0:41 1.0 4:02
5 ... 3:31 3.7 9:15 1.5 4:37
4 ... 4:3!< 3.5 9:55 2.0 6:11
6 ... 5:5S 3-3} 10:35 2.4 5:46
L \V III W IL AV
6 ... 0:50 1.5 7:20 3.3 11:21
7 ... l:JS 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16
8 ... 2:23 0.4 9:35 3.G 1:18
5.2' 10:05 2.6
E.I 11:04 2.3
5.1 11:57 1.9
S.2l
H AV
2.7 6:22 5.3
2.9 7:01 5.4
3.l| 7:42 5.6
2
Steamer. | From. I Due.
Santa Rosa (Pan PIpro !July 2
Arcata [Cooa Bay lJuly 2
Matteawan Tacoma [July 2
Kuri'ka Humboldt (July 3
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro '. IJuly 3
Columbia Portland IJuly 4
Coos Bay Newport IJuly 4
WnrflMd Oyster Harbor July 4
Vwl Norte IPortland July 4
Wellington IComox July 4
Tellus |Oyster Harbor (July 5
Orescent Clty...jCresrent City July 5
Corona San Dlrgo July 6
I'matllla Victoria & Puget Sound July fi
Point Arena Mendoclno July 6
Washtcnaw jTacoma July 6
I'roKrewo iTacoma July 6
City K. JaneirolChlna and Japan Julv 7
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arera.. I July 2. 2 pm Pier 2
Stite of Call Portland July 2. 11 am Pier 21
DrlialK |Humnnldt July 2, 2 pm|Pier D
("oqullle It.. Grays Harbor July 2. 3pm|
Hontta Newport July 2. 9 amlPler 11
Newburt? .. Grays Harbor July 2. 5pmlPlerl3
W. Kruger. TUlamook July 3. 3 pm|Pler 2
Arratp. Coos Cay July 3, 12 mjPier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego July 4. llamlPier 11
North ForklHumboIdt July 4. 9ara|P!fr 3
Kureka IHumboltit July 4. 2 pm Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. July a. 11 am Pier 'J
Nome City. Car><* Nome.... July 5. 10 am
Serapis jUamburer July 6 Pier T
Del Norte.. [Portland July 6
Coos Bay...|N«wport July fi. 9 am Pier 2S
Curacao ... Mexico July 7. 10 am Pier 11
Columbia .|Portland July 7. H am Pier 21
St. Paul. ..K'ape Nome.... July 7
Corona ISan Dieso July S. 11 am Pier 11
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arera.. I July 2. 2 pm Pier 2
Stite of Call Portland July 2. 11 am Pier 21
DrlialK |Humnnldt July 2, 2 pm|Pier D
("oqullle It.. Grays Harbor July 2. 3pm|
Hontta Newport July 2. 9 amlPler 11
Newburt? .. Grays Harbor July 2. 5pmlPlerl3
W. Kruger. TUlamook July 3. 3 pm|Pler 2
Arratp. Coos Cay July 3, 12 mjPier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego July 4. llamlPier 11
North ForklHumboIdt July 4. 9ara|P!fr 3
Kureka IHumboltit July 4. 2 pm Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. July a. 11 am Pier 'J
Nome City. Car><* Nome.... July 5. 10 am
Serapis jUamburer July 6 Pier T
Del Norte.. [Portland July 6
Coos Bay...|N«wport July fi. 9 am Pier 2S
Curacao ... Mexico July 7. 10 am Pier 11
Columbia .|Portland July 7. H am Pier 21
St. Paul. ..K'ape Nome.... July 7
Corona ISan Dieso July S. 11 am Pier 11
Steamer. | From. I Due.
Santa Rosa (Pan PIpro !July 2
Arcata [Cooa Bay lJuly 2
Matteawan Tacoma [July 2
Kuri'ka Humboldt (July 3
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro '. IJuly 3
Columbia Portland IJuly 4
Coos Bay Newport IJuly 4
WnrflMd Oyster Harbor July 4
Vwl Norte IPortland July 4
Wellington IComox July 4
Tellus |Oyster Harbor (July 5
Orescent Clty...jCresrent City July 5
Corona San Dlrgo July 6
I'matllla Victoria & Puget Sound July fi
Point Arena Mendoclno July 6
Washtcnaw jTacoma July 6
I'roKrewo iTacoma July 6
City K. JaneirolChlna and Japan Julv 7
5 lTlmel (Time) JTime|
I ITlmel
» I i Ft. ! : Ft. ! 1
• IH AV| IL W H W
i Ft. [ ! Ft.
2 ... 2:35 4.2 0:41 1.0 4:02
5 ... 3:31 3.7 9:15 1.5 4:37
4 ... 4:3!< 3.5 9:55 2.0 6:11
6 ... 5:5S 3-3} 10:35 2.4 5:46
L \V III W IL AV
6 ... 0:50 1.5 7:20 3.3 11:21
7 ... l:JS 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16
8 ... 2:23 0.4 9:35 3.G 1:18
5.2' 10:05 2.6
E.I 11:04 2.3
5.1 11:57 1.9
S.2l
H AV
2.7 6:22 5.3
2.9 7:01 5.4
3.l| 7:42 5.6
2
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at It a. m.
rinr $12 first Class .nciuding Berti
rMRC. SB Second Claw and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA *alls
July 2. 12, 2J, Aus. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27, Aug. «
Short line to Walla Walla, Ppckane. Butte,
Helena ar.d all points In the Northweit.
Through tickets to all point* Kast.
K. C. WARD. General Agent.
<30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Surerlnter.dent*.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast. Al rew passenger steamer.
S, S. NOME CITY,
1600 tons r»rlster.
ABOUT JULY 5th.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSON
and all YUKON P.IVER POINTS.
For Passenper and Frelsht Itntfs App!y ta
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO..
/39 POST ST.
AMERICAN. LINE.
ICIW T0BK. 80r/TnA5IPT05. L0ND05. PABia.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Pt L*>ui» July 4[ Pt. Paul July 1«
New York July 11 St. L>7Uis July 21
RED STA'? UN£
NeW YorV, cod Antvfnrt.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 n<vn.
Kensington July 4 iFrlwland July IS
Noordland July lliSouthwark July 2'i
INTERNATIONAL NA .IOATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
E/V\I=»IFeiS LINE.
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 2<th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31, August 30. For rate3
and other Information apply to
EMPIIJK TRANSPORTATION CO.
30 Montzomery street.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMF.RS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Hrannan struts, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXOKOXO, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Xac:i=akl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board on day
cf sailinp.
SS NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10. DC0
KS* AMERICA MARU
Friday, August 3. 1300
SS HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, August 23, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight anil passage apply nt company's office
4"1 Market street, corner Flrct.
W. H. AVERT, General Asent.
COaPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQOE.
DIHECT LINK TO HAVRE-PAKIS.
Siiilint; every Thursday Instead of <»JJ*rp»
Saturday, from November 2. iSS'.t. at "«>*•
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North Uiver. foot of
Morton st LA TOL'RAINE. July 5: LA LOR-
U\INE July 12: LA RHKTAGNE. July 13;
I. A CHAMPAGNE. .July ;<5. First class to
Havre, J^2 :.'> and upward. Second class to
Havre $¦"• and upward: J per cent rfductlon on
round trip. OKNRRAL AC.F.XCY FOIl
UNITKD BTATEa AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. K.
Ft'GAM & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery- avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-nOKOLITT.U, APIA
Al'CKLASU. A>'1> SYI»EV.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land nnd Australia. ..Wed.. July 11. 8 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA 'Honolulu only)
Wednesday. July 15, 2 p. m.
S. 0. SPSECKELS& BROS.CO..«gts.. <i4 Montqomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight omc».32i Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
" FOR U. HAYY YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer "Alon&Icello."
MON.. Tucs.. Wed.; Thai*, anil Sat. at 8:43
a. in.; 3:15. S:M p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. nr.d S:JO: Sunday.*. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing anil office. Miss-ion-atreet Uock,
Pier No. : ( . Tclephcne Main l^JS.
FAKi: SOc.
R^lTPACIFTCGOASfRAILROAD.
Via Sausaiito Ferry.
Commenclnjr April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN KRANCISCO TO MILL. V-AXO^ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— J:(«. # S:i0. »:30. 11:00 a, m.:
1JH$, »l:43k 3:15, 4:15. »i:Xi. «:15. 6m) jx. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and *Sa*
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays. Ht »:«0 and 11:15 p. m.
bCNDAYR— T:O). *S:CO. «J:00. '10:^. 11:00. ll'M
a. m.; 12:43. »l:30, 2:33. •ZAZ, 5:C0. «:0O. 7:2J
p. m.
11:00 a. m. dees not run to Can Rafael Sua-
days. *
Trains marked <•) run. to Fan Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:S3. '6:30. 7:;o. k:40. '10:15 a.
m. : 12:30. 1:15, 2:1C. «3:;o. 4.30. 5:20 p. m
KXTHA TRII'S oa Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays nt *C:45 and 10:20 p. m
SUNDAYS-6:13. 'S:(i>. *J:^\ •ll:C0a. rn.: 'I'-OO
m.: 1:00. 2:15. 'l^O. ¦»:*>. 'i:!;. «:«. 13$ 10:S ,
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start rrom Fan Quent!n.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 1:53. «:«. S.00. 0:53. 10:i) »,
m.: 12:35. 1:45, 2:45. S:CO. *:Z0. 8:20 p. p*_
EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 8:C5. 1\>:CT>. 11:10 a. in.: 1215.
l:i0 2:30. 3:4.'.. 4:".. "iMa. 7:05. !0:»a p. m,
THROUGH TRAINa
7:C0 a. m. week days- -Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. tn. Saturdays — Cazadero and my sta-
tions.
5:13 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
1!:45 p. a. Sundays— Point Reyes and my
¦tations.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. .,.9:30 a. m.. 1:42 and 5:1J p. ra.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:SU. »:S1 p. ra.
Fare fan Francisco to Summit and return. SI 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
MOUOT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LjESSEB
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACJF18
RAILWAY COMPANY. i
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
SAM FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
XVEKK DAYS— 7:S0. »:0C. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
J:M. 5:10, «:30 p. rn. T^u^3clal•s— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Siturdays— Extra tnrs at LM
an! 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:J0. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 3:30w
h>*9AN-RAFAEZi TO SAX FBANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS-45:10. 7:50. 9.20. 11:10 a. m.; \2A\ '
S:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
l:tl *nd 8:^1 o. in.
IUXDATS- 8:10. >:40. U:JO a. m. : 1:40, 3 «.
r. >".". tm p. m.
Betwwn ?an Franctseo anij Schuetzea Park
¦amo irhf'JuleMabovf.
Leavo I In Kftect. I Arrive
6«n Francisco. I Apr. 15. 1000-1 San Francisco.
Week I Fun- J I Sua- ' Weolc
Pays. I da.va. I I>dtlnat!nn. ] days, | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 »oii NoTatix 10:40 am! S:40 am
1-30 pm! »:3i> am' Petaluma. 8:05 pm'!C:23 ara
1:13 pm; 5:00 pm I Santa Uosa. 7:35 pm : f;M pn»
Fultcn.
T:30 am 'U'tndiinr. IQ.ZS am
H^aldsbvirs.
Lvtton.
Gey>rv4!!e.
S:SDpm S.'COam! Clivenlale. 7:33 pm <:29pa
7:S0 am] I Hopland I ;iO:2J im
S 30 ptn| 8:00 am! and Uklah. ' 7:33 prn' S:2O pitt
7:10 am !10:23anx
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm!
I:i9pm 1 <:23 pra
T'SOaml 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:13 an! S:l3ana
1 ) ant! I
8:13 pmi 5:C0 pmf C!»n Eil?n. | 8:C3 pmf «:M ptn
7:30 am' 8:00 am! 110:40 am'lOiSo am
3:20 pm! 5:CO cm! Sebastcpol. | 7:3."; pm; «:20 pn»
f-tnrra connect at Santa. Ro^a for Mark Went
Springs and White Sulphur Fprtr.cj; at Fulton
for Altruna: nt I.Ttton f"r Lytton Springs: .it
Cerservllle for Skacre^ Fprlnzs: at Cloverdala
for th* rj»ysers: at Uoal^nri fnr Dtm'-aa
Pprln**. nisrhland Sprinr'. K»!s?yvj:!». Carls-
had Sprinss. Soda Ray. Ijifcrrrrt and Eartiett
Fprlncs; at Ukiah for Vichy Sprirm. Samtoc*
Fprlnna, Blue L *cea. Latircl D^U Lake. Witter
Francs. Upp»r I..iki-. Porno. Potter Vall»y.
John Day's. Riverside, l.l»rley'a, Biirknell's.
Panhe^ in Heights, nullviiie. Orr'i H^t
Pprtnss. Mendncino City. Tort Brajij. West-
r*'rt. U»al. W!i:i:s. I-aTtrnville. CuTrmlns.
Ue!l'!> Spnni», Karris, O'.sen'B. Eytr, Soot!»
an<! Kureka.
Saturday to Monday rcand trio tlcUrts at
reduced ra!*s.
On Sunday rnund trip tickets to a!l potnta
bevor.d Sar» Rafa»! st half rxtea.
Tlrk-t n'fi.-o*. CO Market »r.. Chrontd* Kdg.
II. C. WHITING. It. X. P.TAM.
General Mar.nter. Cen. Pass. Agant.
Ticket Office at 628 Market St.
Take the first train on the new
line leaving San Francisco at
9 A. M. SUiNDAY, Jnlj 1.
JULY I and 2.
Tickets gooJ for sixty days and
sold on
AND RE1TRN, Yia ths
Santa Fe Route
CHARLESTON, S.G.,
HBlMm rtrinc N0A1I& •
(tacivio arm-aM.)
Tr*ln« !•»«• »w«i »r«. •«•»• *• «rrl»» •«
MAN I'llA.tCIM'O.
{U»ln Line. Fooc of Market Street)
tXATC — From M*T 13, 1300. — ABUTS
¦?:OOa Benidv 8ulaun, Klrur*. ViearRlaw
Hum'*? »•>'• ......... *7t43y
•":O)»i ShuU Kxsrrw- 1>»»U. 'WU!busa<fot
Uartlett »^iiscs), Willswa, UeU
Uiufi. i"ortii»ua. 1i*3r
•7:X'*\ Maiiin* .-. X»n i;»u«». VaKeJ-j. Naps.
C»li»t.«»»i.,i s.iii* l;...» •«tl9p
••»:(!(»* D«tU, WiXMlland. Kuithti L*n«*.io;.
M«ry»»lll«. oro.llia IT'f?'
•tiAO« AlUutlc Kiprraa— U^t!«n »n 1 K»s» *11>O«
• <•>:;•> « San Jua». iaf«rtnui». h«i»clitim.
lone. Sacrammito. Plaeerfl^aw
M-.r?«*i;<«. «:ii!e... K«4 llltiff ««il»»
•»i30* O-i«. !>.:-. Chine»» (for YotensiU).
Bmtat&rtac* t l U r
•!>:AO« Tlajwarwt. >¦..-« »nJ Wai SUtiona. *I1i49a
••;»«> Lua Au«ol«s Expr«« — Wartinoa.
'l'r»oy. ,.»t:ir-n.. Stockton. Mererd
and rrMiio "•'??•
•O:S»« V«l|,j.., Mat'lnm ami Waf Statfont *•:«»
•imo»4 Th« OTerUmi Li-olittl— Ogdeu. D«a-
tn. Ounli*. rn:c%«-> *0jI3F
•IliUtlt KU«B« Uwm M(«'i:n. >Ucr»-
nnn ¦ M--,l.:t». U«u(uid. Vi«*iU.
rortrrtlll. ••••»»
•|-2:0i»st lUywrrun. Nile* and War HUUoui. 2?** f
tl:«Or x,n-r»iiirn'.i liif«r Miatiunia !*:•>!»»
•:i-.«t.r Ihyit.t in, Nil. * »n.! Way Utatlona# *I>:43r
•»ii»»r M uMi •«•<. H>n llaaann. Vallejo.
N.fV t;.:i«u,,», h<%>.t« i:..«* •HtlSa
•l:(M>r II n'n*. VlnUn. Nactantaiafa
Wt,.i.ilai,(l. Kill, lit i Lan<tl4<.
M»i»»?I;1h. OruillH •!«:»»»
•t.UOr Mm. nan J<.»o» m i StuAum *7:l»r
•3:O«pTtia Orrl Limited— Tra^r. Fiaann. •
lUkArsSelil. Mangua tor 5»nts> Har-
l.*r», I .<i« Au(f>!«-« •»: 13»
•SiOOp Fresno fas»ent?r— Martiiivs, Lath-
rop. .Ht.-c><too. M>-i,— i. Uerand»
(K»rn»o«<l t»r Yoaen>i»«). Ktwim.. 'ISjIB*
•3lS»r Kl« JrlFkD* EiprCJH- l!»*»r«' -,•!.
Maul* lUrliai*. Iam A»t cl e*. l>«".u-
h>i. El »¦««!•. N»« ( -r;.-»i;« and
K«t •¦•¦e»4
¦5il»r XtnU r« Umita— AManilo Kxprtaa
f«e »1o)«f«> ami Kvl *«tl3*
•OiO«r flarwitnU, Milra aud ttm Jo»» *"7: IT*
««iovr v»n«ji» 'lajiar
•ttioor OrlenUl .\Iail--Osleii. tuej?nu».
OmaliB. Ctiicsgo *lli484
•O:O«p Oriental .Mall— OjJea. t>ea>«r.
Om»ltm. Chica«» *4il»r
JTiOOr Vallrjo. l'oit <o«ta and Way sta-
Uuua I»s33p
*Ri<iap OreKun aud Cilifornit l"«; r.-« .s»o-
rammW. KUr)»H!». It- :.iin«.
r..rn..,v i-,.<-^ ..........I ,,..t r%m% *•¦»»!>
t'OiSl DIIWWM (M«rr«t» *.*»t»).
<Fo«it "f il^rk»t jrrreelU
17i4Sa Hanta Cnit Eteiirtion foi H*nt»
Onu anil l'tiucipal Way Statluo* I'.Mf
•lilJ».N.i>»rk,r.|,'.«.u!rMi,| 1 .-.K..Mi,
tfou!(l«rl'irek.Kajit»Cn<a»nd Way
HUtlona «C:a«»
t>tl3r Nawari, ( 'e..t»rtlll-j. 8tu> .IniA, Niw
Alina<l<>u. F-lt..',. ICoiiMor Cna*.
Santa Crux ami I'rluclpal Way
8t»tiona !•••:•¦»••
•lil.ip Nawark. Han .1im«. T "• n»Ww •»:"W«A
q|;!5p OlenwfKvl. Feltnn. Hint* Cnn «W:5a^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fiaaSlI rHUCIsra-f.a •' Harktl »lr»«l (Sll» »)—
•7:i» >co ii'.o«.u. n ;; *2.:3 13:39
•1:03 H:C3 *!::3r.-.
ritaOIIUXD— Fut »f Sr»«4»«».— "flOO h 00 J0.00i.il.
112:03 *I:C3 I2S3 ; 3:C3 11:33 'IZZrM.
CO4ST IHTIMO^ ( llroail «;«¦«•).
j (Ihlr.l »i.il lo«inen.» 8 to. )
ffilOi Octfvi Vlnw. rt.iufh M*n Krancl»co.. t«:3*»
t7iO»A Han Joaa x-l \V»y SUU-im (New
» tin-fan V.V-l>»n<UTt>»lj) »litar
t7>V*a Svoday KxcutVon f r San J.>»«.
ttuiu Crjz. Pacific l,rot* and
?nnci;al Way SUtiooi X»'»*»
•9i(HI« Han .liair. I'm I'in.m. M.mtiv Cnu.
Paeii:'! »Sn»«. ftm K«*l«* Haa
I. in* (>l.i»|..., (*iirf. l^iiupoc ami
Viu .i|.»l \V« T sum *#;!<»»/
•ln:lu, g t n J,.,., «.,,) Way xt*tlo>i« •»:M»
•Ili3u« »»it.l»a.r.Lu«GatoaAH<|\V.4ystatini.a *3i»OV
fV:4l3r flan Matr... !;• ilm.n.l. Men'ui l'-itt.
I'a'u Alto. 8Mb GsTS "**•< •'¦•-.
Tre* Plnoa. Santa I'm/, .Sa.ii.ua.
Uull'rrry 4M.I r*c-'.:c lie- 11 (>:>.. Ill*
tut^nr M»n Join an.l \v«, aiatiuna *~:3i>p
t4:l"»r San Joa«ai»l Princlpat Way Stationa "J- Ul
f3:OOp8an Jot*. Loa ISatca and rrioei;al
Way SUtious tO:O»*
•St.top flanJnao «» I friocipal Way Staltoua f*i39«
•«>:iap Skii Jnae an.l W.yAcatlona »H:...i»
<ll»-trtr San Jww.l W»r a>ati»n» »~::H>r
A for Moruing r* for Aftonoon.
*Dtil7. t sih.iUt r»ci>ptHil t Sunday only.
• Stturdiy only.
• 8-torl»» and s--.r.i«T c Anodav and Monday.
City of Mexico Juno 28, 1900.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. . Prize.
333 20 552 '20 C$S..'. 20
596, 100 707 20 7S9 20
982 20 1011 40 1238 40
1313 20 1513 201 10OS 100
1714 E«0 1509 20 1SD2 20
2019 40 2(120 20 j 2080 4<»
¦20.S3 20 2156 40' 2230 40
2316 40 2347 20 23*50 40
2516 40 26S3 20 2707 + 40
2S2S 40 2941 £0 3048 40
3051..' 20 3114 '20 3122 20
3135 20 3210 201 3219 20
2341 20 3.147 20 1 3410 40
3«64 4rt| SX46 20 390S 20
4094 4'>| 4179 20 42">S 2'i
43",S 2«| 43S4 40 4437 20)
4S24 2014987 2M MIS 20;
r.033 20 504.'.... 40| ;i)70 20
Dili L'i)| f,3»; 40| c.3118 ....' JO
6472 2'»| DC74 CO! "t\\ 2d
57C2.. ¦ 2001 W&l 4J 6119 40
6326 20(0413 20 ¥526 20!
C771 ¦ 40 6791 20 6909 100
CSCC... 40 K948 401 7061 20
7O5S 20 7101 20! 713S 20
7165 40' 7212 20| 72sl 5l> !
769S 40; 772ti 20 7730 20
7S36 10ft| 7946 20 7934 40
S171 4rt S227 4ii 8404 20
S734 20 S75S 40 SSU 20
X'JOl 20 903S 40; P.J79 100
9C92 W 9702 200! 97CS 20
9S20 40 9S3.". 200 9840 liro
9916 4010152 100 101S8 20
10335 100103S3 20 10811 40
10519 40|lO739 1OO(1OS47 MO
10854..' 20111045 4o!lll25 21)
11161 20J11223 lOOIUSSS 20
IMS.} 2O!ll772 2OI117S0 200
11950 20|12101 20|]2107 40
121S2 2)!1220." 20 12364 lnO
12461 D0012381 2O;i2."S9 40
U'S24 20113058 20 13113 lfO
13159 ](><> 13 IS". I'O'i^w 20
I3S54 20il32S4 M 1J297 iii
13317 40 13405 20113557 :•:>
1S624 20J37C2 100;i3S46 L.)
13SS7 20I138T7 500J13S99 10
IS954 20! 14003 20il4177 10
14190 4'l|14231 100|14234 40
142S7 20,143114 irH.ilS CO
14423 4i>!145i:t 40 14718 100
14767 40|14S05 4o:if<:i| JCO
14901 20il4953 4'U4!I7J 20
K.067 20 15114 40!152to 2n0
ir.227 2r>!l52«7 20IU365 20
ir.422 2O)1S577 -'Ojli7i2 41
15714 4f>,15760 20 157S7 40
15924 20 1C216 !0 16260 40
16459 20-16310 20 1W46 20
1667S 40 1CS65 40 16950 20
16991 40!l*U!12 40 17037 40
17060 20117079 401 17126 20
17154 40 17231 40 17234 20
17414 201746? 20 17ES3 20
17cSS 2OI176S4 20 17795 20
17979 20llSlfiS 40I1S32S 20
1S572 40 186S2 40 18S40 40
1S960 -iO'lSOSS 100|l90S9 100
190?? 100|l<)12: 8019343 20
W3S2 100J19425 20 19516 40
19754....:... 40J1S914 4'»ll5933 200
19943 lif.j j
20157 20.201S1 2n:201>!6 20
20196 20120219 20!20237 40
202.-2 20120346 10O2O878 40
21121 200 21133 40121143 20
21615 40'2164O l'X>i21C30 20
21K4 4021732 20JJI769 20
217S4 20|21790..< 100|21903 V»>
22432 40 2292S 20123010 20
22046 2012320S 20!2329S 20
23612 20-2364? 20123705 2>)
r!:<00 20 24OS7 20:24212 20
24ft!K> 20!24317 40124577 lfr)
24*08 40I24SH 20]24922 100
249.14 2O|24944 20;2.".lK5 20
23744. .-. 40j26<iS2 23126118 2')
2U191 100126216 100!2fi240 20
264<;0 40126167 40:26356 20
26617 20 2684S 20126955 41
270^.8 4027124 2027136 100
27293 2OJ273:>1 20I273S6 20
273S<! 20 28044 20 2S04S 20
2S203 40!2<;27S 20i2S435 200
2S306 100 2S526 4>1]2*630 40
2S693 20 29442 20)29707 20
297*7 40 299S5 20
SW.1 20 3WS7 200130120 200
S01."2 40 30201 20:30232 20
3033". 40;3»)36S 20130513 20
3O*i4l 2(t|3t'«99 20I3OS94 JOO
S09. r .2..; 20131011 4O;313S5 40
;:i»63 10131511 40! 31538 40
31.-)S9 2031597 40131745 20
317*3 r.Oo!31t;27 20|3194» 40
31P62 20131968 100132021 20
32058 40,32190 10OJ32.190 100
32128 40i324.V r ) 20J325O3 20
32616 20O13271S irift 32S10 20
32S!'S 20 32907 20 32912 2>
32II4S 20 l 3H'»33 20133232 2')
Z32T.3 403338S 100 33399 40
3369S 40,33712 20I337S9 23
33929 40|339« 10Ol34i16J 20
34129 20,«25.1 20134239 20
34311 40:34417 20(34763 40
347S1 2OJ3.VX>3 40133031 20
33310 40f33323 1DOI36410 40
S5432 4435308 .".1 " 4O'S">. f S 20
33371 1».«)|3.->761 40133S79 20
S.-94O KM 1 35975 40136207 ' 20
3K22S 5OO36237 20138463 20
36651 4O:366R3 2Oi36<<23 20
36S70 40137264 20:3731* 2i
37362 2O|37.".07 20 37533 20
37.'f<9 I0W27740 20 37945 40
379S1 40:37974 6n>1;37977 40
3SW-S 2'r3SO96 2Oi3S2.*2 ti
3SJ4S 4013S489 2i|3S492 40
3X327 S0 3W97 40 38846 20
3J677 10013^701 20J3S722 *X>
3S7S9 20J29O67 B0OIS9107 500
39201 20<i!3i<234 2'>!33272 20
39446 40 .TV736 40 39766 41
39769 40 39399 100
40012 40 40124 1O0M0133 20
4016$ 20 40196 20 40236 20
40263 200140341 2i>!4fft6S 40
40573 40-40733 10O0J40R75 40
40SSS 40 40977 20|41030 20
41053 20 41OS2 40;411f,6 20
41402 20(41675 40 41S76 40
41909 40|41924 20 42002 40
42052 40142071 20 42134 20
42143 20042143 100 42173 20
42323 20000 42346 20 42503 100
42325 i.. 40)42542 40 42394 40
42C53 100 42659 40142676 40
42757 20|42R96 1OOJ431S4 2>
42237 20143340 40143339 20
43414 40 43413 20143473 2»
43520 20 43329 20|43542 20
42650 40 435S8 20I4374R 40
43S39 SO43852 '-'OI4.W0 40
44OSO 100 44098 20 44277 40
442V7 40 44315 20 44 441 40
44500 20 44544 40 44S24 100
45028 4O451S6 40 43212 20
45359 20 45635 2145800 100
45918 20 46016 20)46069 20
46127 20 46176 40|46239 20
46274 20 46275 20 46291 40
46353 100 46M4 2^;4666S 21/
466S9 10046717 40 46751 20
46792 10fl«146981 2OU7220 4T
47429 JOO 47620..-. 20.47723 40
47SSS 40 4797» 20 4S069 20
4SI35 4148172 2*|483?4 20
4S401 20 4S44S 40143471 20
48538 20 4SL569 100 4x655 loo
4S745 2048776 40I4SS12 20
4' ( ]O7 20 49135 40149136 200
40249 40 49354 20 49496 40
4X.1S 20 49375 200 49690 joi
4%SS 40 49733 20 4973S 20
49S26 20 49834 20 4996S 20
50046 2015O0S3 20150090 100
50144 1101 I
50230 20 50315 20 5033 S 21
MHii 20 F.O3G6 20 50SS9 20
60596 20 50630 2O|606£2 40
50724 40 51154 10OI5123S '-40
61267 20 51394 100(51743 2il
£1751 100 51754....:... 40,51776 20
B1SG1 40 51929 CO^IIS? 200
S2250 20 52234 20 52263 "0
52372 4052398 1000 52405 to,
52467 20 52574 40 52645 40
52821 40 5282S 40 52>>'44 JO
E3023 20D3030 20 51146 40
K3209 40 53230 20 5333S 40
&3420 20 53700 20 0.3947 20
539ft.-, 40 54023 40i. r >»042 20
54071 2054229 2054247..: 20
E45S1 4054651 20!.'>49R3 100
BCOftl 3K.5114 20lr.5ir.rt <r>
&.M8S 40 55212 100 55213 20
5r,;so 20 BS2S1 40153406 200
55469 .40 55472 lfW56018 20
&61O9 20 56122 100 56177 20
&C20S 20 564S3 2OI5C344 20
Wes* 20 56746 1OOJ56S31 20
&taO3 100J57019 20,67023........ 20
57042 100 1 57057 20J572S6 20
57383 2157676 20(57877 2l )
57S92 20 57916 40,58004 4.)
5SO12 40 5S059 20I5S143 100
r,S345 10000 5S393 WO 88464 20
5S474 40 3S364 20 5S637. 20
58747 20 58763 20 58871 20
1,8908 40 58971.... r... 20159066 20
39090 40 39126 40159144 20
59223 40 59200 20 593-S9 40
59)69 £0 59316 40 59374 20
59642 1000 59654 100159735 20
59863 20 5&938 20
60273 20 60355 40 60447........ IOO
S0705 20 60710 40 60805 100
G0834 20(60842 2" 60SS9 40
50934 40 61046.. 40|61C61 20
B1H1.., 20 61268 20(61387 41)
61622 20 61S00 20 61968 si
520S2 100 62072 20162214 ;o
S2291 20 62718 40|62745 4)
&2S52 40 62*77 20 62989 41)
B3S50 40 633S5 100 63302 2,)
53403; 40163618 20 63624........ joi)
S3S52... 40 63949 100 63985......... 1ft)
64062 20 64168 100 64284.. 40
54350 20 64366 - 40 64414 100
54432 100 64434. 40 64549 20
C46O7 40 64705 20164753 40
54S44 40 64912 20 64934... .100
B5004 20 65047 20 6504 S 20
55099 20 63244 40 65278 20
55360 40 653S3 100 634S6 20
55315 20 636S6 40|637o3 20
557&» 40 657S7. ....... 2OI6.".RO I < 1000
65958 ...... 2063980... 1000I660S6 20
56233 200 66264 200(66319. 40
5636S 20 63372 40J66376 20
5G46O. 20 6650S 20i66323 20.)
563C9 40 66606 ' 20|66624. ....... 20
i6687 20 66703 20|66771 200
5eS33 40 66920 20167022 20
57046 2067091... 40 67197 100
?7206 40 672S6 40 67236 20
57358... 20 6759S 40 67630 20
57638 20 67R17 20 67823 - 2,1
37919 20 68017 40I68H1 40
5*145 20 6S239 20163309 40
;S37i; 20 63390 J016S6I6 40,
BENEFIGENGIA PUBLIGA
— - OF THE
NUMBERS
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
tTFrlenris and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her cousin. A. J. BalfinK. 2314 Fifteenth
Ftreet. above Castro. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, **ia electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
WII.LIAMS-In Oakland. June 30, 1S00. James,
beloved husband of Martha A. Williams, a
native of England, aged 58 years 10 months
ar.d 22 days. ,
YOUNG— In this city, June 29, 1500. Susie be-
loved wife of Casper Young, daughter of Mrs
William H. Day. mother of Frank and the
late Harry Hohenschild. and sister of Mrs.
Stockflett and Henry and Jennie Fanjoy a
native of St. John, New Brunswick. (Tacoma
papers pleaBe copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ot
H. P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
STAl'DACHER— In Hanford. Cal., June 29.
1!>W. Lottie W.. daughter of Mrs. K. Stau-
d.icher, a native of Charlotte. Mich., aged 27
years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1S20 Clay street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 2 o'clock. By special
request of the family please omit flowers.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society: You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, I>nuis Schwabacher, this day (Mon-
day), at* 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1S20 Clay street. S. ZEKIND, Sec.
SKAVLAN— In this city, June 30. 1300. Wllle
Kred Kkavlan. beloved Eon of Wilhelm and
Frieda Skavlan, and brother of Herald, Ola
and L>aRmar Skavlan, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y., aged 20 years 10 months and 6 days.
(Stockton. Cal.. papers please copy.)
CTTrionds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at <"Md Fellows'
Crematory Chapel to-morrow (Tuesday), at
12:30 o'clock.
SANGIORGI— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. July 1. liiOO. Numa Sangiorgl, a native of
Italy, aged 3S years.
SCHLOSS— In this city. July 1. 19*0, Slgrmund
P., beloved husband of Florence Schloss and
son of Benjamin and Josephine Schloss, a
native of San Francisco, aged 42 years and 3
months. (New York papers please copy.)
ICKuneral to-morrow (Tuesday). Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers. '
SCHWAUACHER— Entered Into rest at Paris.
France, June 14, 1900. Louis, beloved husband
of Holla Schwabacher. father of Mrs. Albert
L. Ehrman and Jacie B. Pchwabacher. and
brother of Mrs. Pailey Gatzert and Abraham
and Sigmund Schwabacher, aged 63 years 2
months and 20 days.
y Friends and acquaintances are respect—
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. V. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
RICHARDSON— In San Jose, July- I. 1300.
GeorEe Richardson, a native of Massachu-
setts, ajjed 71 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. Julv 4, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 5098 Telegraph avenue, corner Fifty-
first street. North Temescal. Oakland. In-
PIEHL— In this city. June 30. 1300, Edward H.,
dearly beloved hugband of Katharine Piehl,
and father of Lillian Plehl, a native of Near
Randsburg. SchleswiE-Holsteln. Germany,
a^fd 37 years 10 months and 12 days.
B7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeml to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Ualsted & Co.. iM6 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
PKKATA-In Oakland, July I, 1W0, Giovanni,
beloved husband of the late Margaret nnd
lather of Mary and Lida Perata. a native
of Italy, aped t52 years 1 month and 25 days.
(C7"Kriends ar.d ncquaintancos are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1'JO6 Gol.icn Gate avenue, thence to
the Church vt the Holy Cress. Eddy and
Scott streets, where a requiem hlfirh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Ometery.
OL'SLET— In this city. June 30. 1900, Louisa
Ou.-Iey, a native of Philadelphia, aijed S5
years.
C?"Frlen<]3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. i,io chun-h etreet. Interment laurel
Hill Cemetery.
OSBORNE— In this city. June 30. 1W0. Henry
A., beloved husband of Catherine. Osborne
and beloved father of Mrs. Peter Lynch and
Airs. Charles Bliss and Thomas If. Oaborne. a
n.itive of Dublin. Ireland, aged "*) years. A
member cf I'nl.in Lodge' No. 1S3.-). K. of 11.
ITTIip funeral will take place this day
(Monday). :.t 10 nViock, from her late resi-
dence, C3S Chestnut street, near Taylor, thence
to St. Francis Church for cervices, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment private, Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
OSBORN — In this city, June 2a, K*}l). Maiguer-
ite II.. beloved wife of A. A. OMborn. inothei
of Graham M.. Klngeley A.. Wilfred J. A.
ana Henry R. It. Osborn, anil Bister of Alex
H., John G., William J.. Fred A.. Raymond
R. and the late Thomas II. Mecrudy. a na-
tive of S:in Francisco.
tyFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2737 Haker ftreet. thence to St. Brlgid's
* h'jrch. where a polcmn requiem mass will
l>e celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'NKILL— In this city. June 29. 1900. Mrs.
Annie O'Neill, wife <A Hugh O'Neill, and ho-
lovt-d mother of Mathew T.. John I", and the,
late James W. ar.J Alfred F. Kerr. a native
tf Ireland.
Marinl, a native of San Francisco, ased 21
years.
E7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1709 Mason street. A solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his noul on same day at Sts. Peter and Paul's
(Italian) Church, commencing at 10 o'clock.
McCLOSKEY-In this city, June SO, 1900, Pat-
rick McCloskey. beloved husband of Mary
McCloskey and father of Maggie and Loretta
McClo*key and nephew of Thomas McClos-
Itp-y. a native of the parish of Dunffiven,
County Derry, Ireland, aged 46 years 1 month
and 20 days.
MEIKLKHAUGH- In this city, June 30. 1900,
Klizabeth Melklehaugh, a native of Ireland,-
afced 7£ years.
The cempanv reserves the rlsht to chanire
steamerB, sailing dates and hours of palling
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
ptreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS k CO.. Oen. A*ent».
10 Market i<f.. San Francisco.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
Pacfflo Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
'The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will sail from Seattle anJ Tacoma on or about
July S. Aueust 6. September 6. The SENATOH.
sailing August 6. will make an Excursion Trip
via the Inland Passase. and after landing at
Nome wlir continue north throuRh the Urrln*
Straits, past East Cape on the Siberian coast,
crossing the Arctic Circle, passing into the Arc-
tic Ocean. Passengers are «ulvi»»d to Inspect th«
Senator before purchaslr.K tickets via other
steamers, as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodation.* are superior to the first-cla**
acccmmodatlons en most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. Th«« TadR" Coast St»am-
?hlp Co. has been running Its steamers to
Alaska— winter nnd summer— for 23 yeara and
Is the Pioreer Pacific Ccast Lin-. For further
information inquire of H. II. LLOYD. Ocean
Dock Peattle. Wash.; N. POSTON. 249 "Wash-
ington st.. Portland. Or.: \7. PAT:niS. 124 West
Second *t , Los Anxeles, Cal.; GOODALL.
PF.RKINS X- CO. Oen. Arts.. 10 Market st.
TICKF.T OFFICE— 4 New Monteomery st., San
Fran"I*co.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
whan, San Francisco:
Wfej—j^ For AIa«knn ports — 11 a. tn..
MftV^JCJSK i"'''' *¦ t ' ! ' ant; '* lo company's
1*\ fca5i\S^ steamers ar Seattle.
3i?^-^lv5l^ Kor Victoria. Vancouver CB.
Efi^xC«<SvM '" '• rort TownsenU, Seattle.
r^*^(jJd£?J'(t\ Tacoma. Everett, Anacort'i,
s *SsS3| ami New Whatcom (Wa«h.)—
, "^l II a. m., July 3. 10, 13. 20, 25,
30, August 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle t'> this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ify.: at Vancouv»r to C P. K'y.
For Kurrka, Ilumboldt Bay— 2 p. m., July
2. 7, 12, 17. :'2, 27. August 1. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. Snn Sirnwn, Cay.
uuos. Port Harfor.l (San I^tiH Oblspo). Oavlota.
Santa Bnrbara, A'entura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
Ea.«t San Pedro il.os An?rle?) an^l Newport—
9 a. m.. July 2. S. 10. 14, IS. 22. 26, 20, August
3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diesjo. stopping only at Port Hnr-
fonl (San Luis Ohl.«po). Santa Barbara, i^crt
I>os Anse! o s and K»clcndo (Los Angeleo)— 11 a.
m., July 4. S, 12, 16. 20. 24. »S. August 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena. Bay. San Jose del
Caho. Mazatlan. Altatn. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouayn'.as iMexieO— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
No. Prize. INo. Prize. INo. Prize.
68658 20 6S6D3 20 6S706 100
6.8749 20'»>SS15 40.6300? 20
6'J100 2063173 .". 20 69205 20
69326 2069370 40163565 S>
CS631... 20JG3904 40
70016 2O7OOS3 '»)( 70093 20
70113 20 70130 20 70158 W
70174 40 70229 20 70420 20
70458 20 70496 20 70770 23
70364 20 7112* 20 71178 20
71223 40(7121*< 20171466 41
71311 20171527 4OI716T.9 <•»
71S68 20|71i&7 100 72086 20
72317 20|72o6S 100 72745 20
72S29...* 40J72S41 20J72996 20
731S2 40173646 f.OO!737r.2 *>
73DO3 4O|73964 20 74074 2"»
74109 20|74205 40J74146 10"l
74450 2O.74.-.14 60COOI74662 W)
74SS5 4074841 4O'74S«1 2)
74S73 2074889 2»j74S91 23
7.»43 20|7.",092 1OO'7.'224 2»
7."23l 10O!7:>311 100175375 21
75398 2075840 20 73«7 20
73657 40 7.'»676 J'Wi7S6S3 *0
75854........ 40l7.-S6.-J lWi7. r .924 100
7K9C2 ?0i7fiU14 40 7610? 20
76160 40|761Sl ; 20 76223 4')
70341 20175670 40)7«851 - n
77116........ 20'77424 20 77526 20
77607 2177940 2<1!7SO34 20
7S1« 40 78110 2(i!7«117 40
7S343 20|7S?,)7 2O|7S702 100
7870S 2W7S873 40J75920 40
79030 2O;7M14 40 79303 20
79314 20 79336 20 79566 2>
79643 4079760 4OJ73S74 40
7!)911 40!73''4; 40!
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 74464 to 743«t. In-
clusive, beinsr 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of SGO.O'K)— JCO.
One hundred numbers from 41273 ti> 42373. In-
clusive, fceifis BO numhprs < n each side of the
number drawing capital prize or J20,i>>n— %V).
One hundred numbers from 5S!?1j to 5S30."', In-
clusive, l.eir.ij Ert numh°rs on each side of the
number ilrawinR capital prize of Jl'J.fXK)— $20.
Seven hundred ;i!'.d ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 14, lieirtK the last two IlKures of the
number drawlnff the capital i>riz» of $t)>,0<» — J2").
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 23. beinp the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital piiz» of $20,000— $2<>.
No. 74--.ll draws first capital prize of 160.000,
sr>ld !n Pan Francisco. Cal.
No. 42-?'J draws aeocrrl capital prize of $2<>.-
0>-«), sold in Baltimore, MJ. : .New Orleans. La.:
St. Paul. Minn.; Pt. Louis. Mo.
No. 5S243 draws third capital prize of $10,009,
sold in Philadelphia, Pa., St. Louis. Mo.
Nos. 40733. 4fi~92. E2398, 59S42 and S5S0S draw
each $1000. no!d in New Haven. Conn.; St.
Louis. Mo. : Fort Worth. Tex. ; New Orleans.
La. ; New York, N. Y. ; Evansvllle, Ind.; San
Jose. Costa Rica; Chicago, 111.; Galveston,
Tex.; Peorla, 111.; St. Louis. Mo.
ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. HAPSETTI. Manatrer.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE. Lease or Kent— 160 acres land; «
milrs frcm Calistoga; plenty of wood, water
and rrais; (i acres Improved; house 4 rooms
and < Hthomes; In exchange. fcr city property.
A<M;v?a J. H. LROWN. ZZ3 ZSth st. S. F.
ST KUKJtAN HEAL ESTATE^
I.! ILL Yalley-Completely furnished tents and
sotrage. Apply MRS. KORRIXGTON. Camp
:. back <>: dej.ol. or 24 1'oir.t Lobos. city.
11OUMS FOU UOUSJSKUCPISaJ
1"'.>'H. l'"2 — t room* for hou.-'ke'-pjns:; fur-
• -i-hcd; lor thrf-e <.r four months.
CHANGED- hands— Tbm St. James House, Mc-
v: ;i?v ¦:• and lacuna: liousekevpinK rooms; all
todern tittJnjis, $16 ;.O up: bath; telephone and
• i(wo]>iiin nK.m; reference.
;33»E\*fcNTH. 120—1 Fimny f-.ifnifhed rooms;
! t ¦ i ami bath; modern" co.iveulences; $12.«
: "AVKI.IX, "1 (NeT.riort)— Furnished rjoras
.'¦ r.hfju^ekeejiir.s; riace; also plnple rooms.
¦jUKKFN, <\~.— Three sunny connecting rooms;
:..r.fa'Jy.fui:-.ished; sunny >»rd; quiet place: (10.
lOTl'ABl), m T*1f>«iil rooms; Ci>mi>lcte far
Iceept&c; rent T« ar.d ?S.
ltOX\ v AED," €4?— I^rce front room for house-
k"c; :r.p. in private family, with bsth.
'HOWARD. 658— -Front room and kitchen fur-
!:i^!'»d lor ho'j«eke«-plrx.
HOWARD. ?<G— :, 3 or 4 furnished! rooms;
Jiou.--ke«;i'.:-;g; sunny; hot aud cold water.
IIYirK. 4I'V_Sv:nny finnt alcove suite, complete
for l-.ots?ckecjpliiK. $"0; also o:h«-r rooms.
SlcALUSTSR. PCS. cor. Lairuna— Two nicely
furr.;s!.ed sunny connecting rooms; running
- wa:r-r; cas ?tove; for lljrht hoTisekeeplng.
JJISFION. 12TS— Front room •with alcove con-
rec::r.K room Icr kitchen; furr.'.sbed; coal
•tove.
MISSION. 1433—2 lane funay housokfce^ing ]
rooms; rent reasonable.
Mlh'PlON. Ult. r.r. 11th— I laree rainy roo::is;
runrirc water; private family; $:: month.
OAK. 13 — 2 or S sunny br>uwk»e:iing rooms;
pa* or coal stove and foldinc b*d.
O FARRKLL. T42 — 2 to 4 nicely furr.lFhei
houffitiiing rms.; complete; pas. bath; phone. I
FOLJC £.22 — Isirxf sunny unfurnished house- j
keepinx roonu; r«:u cheap.
POWEU* HOI— I or 3 large sunny connecting i
housi keeping rooms; kltcfccn. fas anJ latli.
SIXTH. 1^3A — i connect!'.c roims with piano: ;
?wrj«hed fcr hou»«fce<p<ny: «Js<> other rooms.
TURK. 143— Sumy »«e-2roc.ni and kitchen: mm- I
plete for fcjuseket jiing; g%a etove, t,as arnl ]
bath; ;; 25. \
TWEXTV-THIRn. 37r6. nr" Dolores — Four j
roon-.e: r.!ce, neat, complete ; JI5.
VALENCIA. 191-2 well-fumished rocma. »ult- i
able for housekeeping; newly papered; use of
bath; {10. ¦
CUASSIFIKD advertie-raents BJVd ?t;bscriptlons
received nt Call l>rnnch office. Z20Q r'.llmor« si.
A BRANCH r.rflr- for Call advertisements and I
wub«crir*!cris ;«i» beea t-stntiisheJ at 1065 Va- j
JeT-r-in FT. !
tlOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Lnfnrn.
A— BBCNSWUCK liTuTPE." 148 Pixth^Ro^ms i
25c to II jt^t right. Ji 15 to Jj per week, and (
light housekeeping; open all olsht.
BCRKETX MM Market et. (old No. 13M)-Fur- j
R'ehP'i rrrs., eultps. single; aleo unfurnished. I
CLARA. J4I A— liars' rjnny room: euitaMe for j
a. Sfiiilemar.; II S5 week.
CLAY. 12'.2A. bet. Taylor and Jone*— A nica i
eunr.y room; furnished; rent reasonable
EUZABETH. 12— S furnished rooms for house-
k.(-~i;r.£: 115.
FTRFT. " ¦-. Just nbove Fclsom— I'rper part; 3
room*; !v
rOLBOM. <*;,. cor Cth CThe Oliver)— Newly fur- :
Blctaed racny room, single or >-uite»; r"a«onbl. ¦
FOURTH. ::-'-— Nicely furnished ruoms; $1 j
wet k an^ up; moderate: quiet.
CEAST.4IS (The Navarre*— Elegantly fumlJ-hed
ftxuwMi suites sirigrl*"; tra\'elers acoo'dated
GEAJ'.Y, "•."'¦ - K'epant F«nny parlors; p'.ano;!
¦ «-'.:'-.!.}• rooms; privilege light housekeep-
• ¦' Ing; phone.
CHAM' POCTHEHN. southoaft corner Seventh
;.: ¦". :..:--: r. ils filllllljl rooms, en suite or
f : -' h Lie* 1 parior; reading room ; elevator.
}\> n Eh Kr^n-;is'*r>— IClepar.t suites: single: tran-
¦ t-:rnr ; batha. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, M4j — Funny front bay window rooms;
. also others: JI to 12 week.
>: IWABO. 5^9. oor. Cth-Niceiy furniehed sunny
rsonu resfonaiili': !¦>• day, w«k cr month.
JF.^SITZ. T34'i— F-.:rr>f ?h*il sunny .«::;-:• or doa-
'••* t»!e. roorr;: eri — rtrZ flnnr fro^t.'
3OKES 117— Larg* fn-nt many room. 2 closets;
also smaller ~ roeni; rirlvate.
LEA\"KNWOHTH. «1<i— 2 lanre mnnr unfur-
n:Kri« 1 rms. In basement; larpe yard ; rent J7.
MINNA. 812— Nicely furnished front room;
euital '• tor twa scnts.
MINNA. «" corner Fllehth— Newly furnished
bey-wlndow room. $1 i-er week; transient.
OAK. 119 — S «;;r.rv urfur::Ifhed rooms, $S; also
sb«4 roama; reasonable.
O FAP.IIEI.L. i llnny furnished rooms and
rfficcs; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O TARRELL. 31f*-Nicely furnlfhod room; suit-
»bl* for 1 or 2 jrentipmen. |
KAVKl.I.. Ill — Licht. «-!«>an rm».; eultes or sin-
k!~; transient; runnini? water; rate? reduced.
DOSEDALE Uoase.SU and 321 Ellis Bt— Ro<-ms,
• Be to |1: T*e»k tl 25 to $4: open r.ipht.
BOTAL IIOl'SE. 126 ~kllte «.— Incandescent
lieht. reading rcim. Ftnoklngr rooin and ladles'
Ibr'. r; roonte, p*r t.iKht. 3oc to tl B0: "^eek. %z
to t- ; month IS to $20; elevator on office floor;
r~-rr.» with hot and cold wat»:r; baths.
EACHASIENTO. <"4:'— Neat furnished rooms;
rriv^-t. family: II and upward.
CAN AXTONIO-rj.-to-date firepronf bulMlnir; I
elprator: new furniture; ocean water baths; j
»'i!»«-« nri Finple ro.ms; appreciated when j
ff-n: popular price*. 21 Tajlor st.. near Mkt. i
ElirRMAX Apartment House. 2V Eiehth et.,
Mark't-Kunnsh^d or unfurnished.
PIXTII. :2c— Furnished front and back parlors;
»:ilta'..> f^r doctor's office or dressmaker.
BTOCK T OX. 2«! •¦rnlon-s'iuare House"—
Chr'r- ~,» : rr>B«on»b>.
Ft'TTKI:. SIS— Nice sunny Flngle rooms for Ren-
tlemen for C H vr wepk up; also en suite.
rTAVI>0R. 1— E>pantly fum!«hed rooms; I
suites or tl: ?>; prioni reasonable.
THE OAKS. II<4 Third— A pood rooming house
for, good pg^t-le. H. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRTF.KXTH. Z?>. near Valencia— 2 sunny i
furnished housekeeping room?; stove; running
water; rrr.t $3.
.Cl^AP.°IFIKD ¦drei'U—.uieuU snd subscriptions
receiv*^; at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlre for Call advertisements and
KuhFTlrtlor.s has beer, f--tab!!shed at 1M« Va-
lercla Et.
ROOMS AXD IHJAIID.
CALirOHNIA. *C7— An ex'-»i>r.t cpportunJTjTto
. ..tf-curr- ;.art!cular!y desirafc> tcrotn. at mod-
est rates: special ra.te« families- sunny rms.
f-«a suite cr elnrle; b?^t table ;r. San Francisco.
JIOTEI, M:NNISTON. corner V«ienc!a and
"J'wenty-fln't sts.: warm belt; cfaoloe sunny
•:• rooms: firjrie a:id en suite; IIj u:A J35 and
.'<:p; r.rtt-rlas*.
THE BRADBCBT.MM CWlfornte— New mo^frn
fsmily hotfl: excellent table; l'O beautifully
'".furnish**] rr»om«: moderate; phone Hjie 2771.
X^VtN TV-SIXTH, s;T7. near Mission— Nicely
lurr.'.gh"d runny rooms, Trlth cr without
'¦ beard, at xer/ ren^onable prices.
jfAPO?;. ::.».— Ik>fcrd ar.3 rooms. 13 CO a week )
. up: bctn« rcokir.g. j
Has PALMAS. ICI Market et".— Suite of I or J 1
rir;*.: rr!vati»: b:ith: «!n. rms.; board optior.al. |
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD ten&cta ejerted fnr U: collection? made; ' ;
. City -;• country. PACIFIC COLLECTION I
<"<">.. <'.' Momaimieiy nt. iwnu 9-10: tel. r.r,so. |
¦ ' — — -~— ¦— j
>n\vixG maciix.m:s a.\d sitpmes,
ALL k'.y. is boncht koM and repalrlnif jruaran-
• tee1. Ch?.». I'lambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. Uth.
AtX kinds boufffat. hold, n-chanced. rented;
r»»rmiriT.g Ht iowrst rnlr«. ?<C, Fourth ft.
BTOtLAGB AM» \VAltI2II«tSHS.
.WILf-ON IJROS.. storage and movitiK; cox'cred |
\w.f. T^nth and Market; jjhone South 7U2.
J J AClFJi; *:oraj;e anij Furniture llovine Com-
pany. 2£."J J"i!ln-.ore H. : f.hotie Jackcon 2SL
BCKIKS Van aafl Ktnrajre Co.. 7?2 Minion st.
trl. Mah IMA— r»n( king, rnovlng and storage.
TU'KWItr^ilf* A.\O kl/1'l'L.lKS.
CHEAT HAliGAINS INiTTPEWIUTCBSrW*
. feel! better machines for less money than any
liouse In the city: rentals., S3. Tlie Tyneu-rlter
i:v'f.Rnc». r.3<i Califrirnia. telephone Main :6<>.
I'HOrOSALS.
EEALED nropoKals for /urnlshlha: armor fcr
naval vessels will be t»f^-ived at the Navy
' Department ur.til 12 o'clock noon Aupu*t 10,
YM. when ihfy will be publicly oren»>.i.
Forms of pror^'Sals and all necessary infor-
ma.tioa may be obtained from the Chief of
the Bureau of Ordnance. Navy Department-
-;-vVa*rilnKton. D. C F. XV. HACKETT.
M-13W. Actinr Secretary. A
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BCIIKLM-EY ItKAL ESTATE.
FINn burlnesii lot at Ashby station at & bar-
s-aln: -will double In value In »lx months.
WURTS. Seventeenth «t. and Broadway.
FRUITVALEADYERTISEMENTS
FH LIT VA 1,13 REAL KSTATE.
*;o.OC/>-l?l ACRES bent valley lnn<3: cood 4-
roorn house, barn, well; rIho \\l acres hav.
grain or recetabla land, crops and ttock: all
ir.ut-t l»e s<lil immediately; rvaT. pacrlft'e:
chicken rnnol'.es of S. t, or 10 at re* at $l.v)
per a^-re; scm« nice residences «n«l bulldlns
lots cheap. Apply to A. WHKLTO.V, Afc-ent,
f-'an l>-»in(3ro.
oaETn^'ertisemhntI
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND *RKAL KSTATE.
BUT DOWNTOV/N FOR GOOD RENT3.
1210^— Pays J24 per month: 2 P.ats of 5 rooms
eai-h within two hloiks of Broadway, down-
town; pays over J3 per cent; rwner away ar.d
anxious tu cell.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100$ Broadway. Oakland.
$n;O— EAPTLAKK cottngre of 5 rormn. bath and
high lia-«*nT*nt: lot 23x140 feet: sunny front:
cloff to San Tablo ave.; street work all done;
walking diftame of the City Hall; must sell
oa Recount of mortgage. ,
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO..
Heal Kstate Brokers.
1005 Broadway.
OAKLAM) Kl/UMTLllK FOU S.VT.K.
furniture dealer. 11th nrri Frunklln. OaklanJ.
DlVIUIC.Vn NOTICES.
MV1DEXD ' notice.— THK GIANT POWDKR
COMPANY. CON. A dividend. No. 19, of sev-
enty-five cents iTSc) j-er share on the Issued
raritai stock of the company has be*n de-
flared payable at the office of the company.
430 California street. San Fmnclpeo. on July
10:h. 1900. Transfer books clcse July 3d 1900
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
THE Continental HulldlnK and I«oan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Bts..
for the half year ending June 30. 1S00, has de-
clared a dividend of 5 per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on term de-
1>of!i«: 10 per cent to Class g 'F" stock, and 12
l>er cent to Class '•A."
CAI'T. OLIVER rLDRIDGE, President.
WILLIAM COHBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice-Security Savings Hank, 222
Montgomery st.. Mills building. Kor the half
year ending June 30, 1900. dividends on term de-
]••.. sits at the rate of three and six-tenths (3 6-lu>
per cent i<er annum and on ordinary deposits
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum,
free of taxes, will be payable on and alter
July 2, 1300.
S. K AHDOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICK of. the Hibernla Havings and Loan So-
ciety, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
Fts.. ?an Francisco, June 27. 1900.— At a reg-
ular meeting of the Hoard of Directors of this
Society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eijthth
'¦J'~») P^r cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months endinR June 30. lW. free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1
__m<1. KOBKKT J. TOIilN. Secretary. '
SAVINGS and I/icn Society. 101 Monteomery
St.. corner of Sutter— The Board of Directors
declared, a dividend for the term ending June
«'). 1S00. at the rate of three and one-quarter
<3*i) fxT cent per annum on all de]>o=lts, free
of taxes, and payable of\ and after July 2.
190O. Ijividends not called for are added to
and bear the same rate of dividend as the
principal from and after July 1, 1J00.
CYRUS \V. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notlre— sTn Francisco Savings
X'nlon. 5?2 California Ft., corner Webb — For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
1SC0, a dividend has been declared at the rat«
per annum of throe and *lx-t«?nths (3 6-10) per
cent on term deposits and three (3) per cent
en ordinary dejK-islts. free of tax**, payable
en and after MONDAY. July 2. 1900.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
HVMBOLDT Savins* and Loan Society. IS
<Jea-y St.— The directors have declared the fol-
per annum en term and 3 per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposit?, payable on and
after July J. 1900. ERNEST BRAND. .Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Hank of
Fan Francisco. S3 l\jet St. For the half
year ending June 30. lfOO. & dividend has
t;een 0>clare3 at the Tate of three <Ji per cent
per annum on all deposits, free cf taxes, pay-
able on and after Mcrday. July 2. 1900.
GEOROE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 106 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., on and after MON-
DAY. July 2. 1*00. Transfer book* will close
en Tuesday. June 26, 1900. at 3 o'clock p. ro.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rons authorized to havo the same published.
BORN.
McGUIRE— In thin city, June 2, 1900, to the
wife «-,f .T. H. MrGulre. a son.
DIED.
Backmann. George I OFborne. Henry A.
}$eck, Mary L. Oufley, Louisa
'•oilier. Charles K. Perata. Oiovann!
Kan. Louis I'lehl. Edward II.
Ferguson. Susan C. Rlrhardson, Gforg»
Guilbert. Emma Bangiorgl, Numa
.lar.naud. Henrv Pchloss. Siemund B.
Marinl. Michael L. Hchwabacher. Louis
McCloskey. ratrick Skavlan. 'Wille F.
M»-iklehau(j;i, Eliza- Htaudacher. Lotttft
beth Williams. James
O'Neill. Annie Yount. Susie
Osborn. Marguerite I
BACKMANK-In this city. July 1. 1900, George,
beloved ¦ husband of Maria Backmann and
father of Mrs. Amanda Koch and Rudolph.
Caesar and Adolph Rackmann, a native of
Oerrnany, aged 63 years 4 months and IS
days.
BK'K— In this city. July 1, 1900, Mary L.
Berk, beloved mother of Mrs. Odella Pratt,
Mrs. Amanda Freeze and William, Joseph
and Frederick Heck, and grandmother of
Krankle and Ma(?Kle Ryan, a native of New
Orleans. La.. ag«l 6S years.
COLLIER— In the City and County Hospital,
June 30. 1WK>. Charles E. Collier, a native of
Scotland, ated 3j yearn.
FAN— In the City and County Hospital, July 1.
IK*. Louis Fan. a native of China, ased 45
years.
FERGUSON- In this city, June 23. 1900. Susan
C, beloved wife of W. E. Ferguson, and
mother of Guy Leonard. Edna Pearl and Ger-
trude Fergruscn. a native of Illinois, aged 40
yoars.
C-7'Frien'is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 1:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
»hafn»l of the Golden Gate Undertaking; Com-
pany. 2423 MlsElon street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
GUJLBERT-In. this city June 80. 1300. Emma,
beloved wife of Juhn Guilbert and mother of
William and George Young and Annie M.
Cheetham. a native of Manchester. Lan-
cashire. England, aged J7 years 6 months and
C day?.
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
den<-e. 1714 Stockton Etreet, thence to Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
JANNAUD-ln this city. June SO. WOO, Henry
.Tannaud. a meml)»r of Company B, First
California Regiment, U. P. Infantry, a na-
tive r.f Paris. France, aped 40 years.
tryFrknds and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Monday), at 1 o'cluck. from the funeral par-
lor* of Charles II. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason
street. Interment National Cemetery.
MAKINI— In this city, June SO, 1W0; Michael
I- . dearly beloved eon of Mr. and Mrs. N.
Marinl. nnd beloved brother of Frank. Mac-
Kle. Lou^a, Annie, Rosle, Jennie and Mamie
I1KNRY J. GALI/aGHER CO..
lEucceyscrs to Flannamn Jfc Gallagher).
_^ DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
Ft-NEItAL DIRECTORS AND KMUALMER3.
20 Fifth n.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKER*?.
1~ and 23 Fifth Ft. Tel. South 187.
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND SMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
McAVOY ««: CO.. S
FUNERAL D1KECTORS & EMHALMERS.I
12CS Market st.. between Sth and 9th. B
. Telephone South 217. \
\ CREMATION,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
KAN FnAMCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding: officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
Is $30. The Fame for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent
al)r. GibboiTs Dispensary,
•J'.TlKEiKMM. KJtarjItghed
In 1*»5» tor the treatment ol Private
Pi3easrs. Lost Manhnnd. Debility or
dlspaae w>e» ring on body and mind and
Skin Dlieasvs. Tbedoctorcureawbeit
others fall. Try him. Charge* low.
Cnmrnarantee 1. Callorwrtt^
Or. J, t\ o I BUVX, Box I937.3aa t'laacU^Iroquois Club Meeting.
A mass meeting will be held at Met
ropolitan Temr>le on the evening of the
Fourth, under the auspices of the Iroquois
Club. Patriotic speeches will be made
and the club will also ratify the nomina
tion of- William J. Bryan for President
of the I'nited States. The meeting will
be called to order at 8 o'clock.
LADY Frahncis Hope is the guest of. Edna Wallace Hopper at the Duns
muir place at San Leandro. •
Lady Frahncis Hope is- hiding away in that sylvan retreat from the
prying, everyday, ordinary* world that has a curious desire to know
how folks with handles to .their names pass their time and spend their
money. But Lady Hope won't tell the Fecrets of the world she has married
into, and Edna Wallace Hopper conveyed to the waiting scribe her ladyship's
refusal to be interviewed. ;
" ItS P erfectlv terrible." said the little woman, who parades in tights in
the winter time and entertains house parties in the summer, "it's perfectly ter
rible that this has happened. That Lady Frahncis should be annoyed while
she is a guest in my house! I asked her down for a quiet day in the coun
try, and now this has happened. Just imagine my position. I'm her hostess!
How can I ever explain this away. She'll never come to me again, I'm sure."
The thought that perhaps the erstwhile Idol of the London "Johnnies"
might never more accept the attentions of the burlesque actress upset Mrs.
Hopper completely.
'.'This is awful! This is an imposition. Imagine my position!" She kept
repeating over and over again.
And truly it must have been rough on the daughter of Wally Wallace to
come face to face with a newspaper representative. Wallace was a struggling
scribe himself. Baseball reporter, lawyer's' clerk and chief usher at the old
California Theater were the titles he was entitled to. and they explain how
he managed to keepvhis little family together and educate little Edna. And
now Edna has grown to womanhood and has troubles of her own. not the least
of which, is "turning down" reporters when they would speak with titled
ladles who. come to her for a "quiet day in tho country."
S Out on a lawn, laid out like a "prop" wood, even to incandescent lights for
ladies who would hold the center of the stage, Lady "Frahncis" waited for
her hostess. . • '„
There Is a whole lot to Lady Hope— more than can t>e concealed with a
Ehort golf skirt— and it does not take an X-ray eye to discover the form
divine that brought the "Johnnies" to the Yohe feet. But these same feet— if
Mrs. Hopper had only permitted it— Lady "Frahncis" might have told whether
or no she was born in Chicago.
; But did her ladyship have a ''quiet day"?. Most probably! There was a
bunch of men at the place to look after the comfort of the two ladles, and be
neath huge Japanese umbrellas sprinted about the lawn. There was any num
ber of Inviting round tables. Oh yes, she probably had "a quiet day In the
country-" ¦ ~> -¦ w . / 4T-. ¦<¦ *
LADY FRAHNCIS' "QUIET"
DAY IN THE COUNTRY
Flags and Bunting.
Three-foot flags, with 414-foot antique
poles and polished brass knobs, 23 cents
each. Same flag, with red, white and blue
corrugated pole and gilt top, 35 cents each.
All kinds of buntinp. festooning and pa-
Iriotic pictures. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. . *
AMEHICAK" IS VICTORIOUS.
Shoenfield Wins the Weight-Throw
ing Contest at Paris.
PARIS. July 1.— In the competition for
the world s championship for profession
als under the auspices of the Racing
al « f ,f rance to-day. • the American,
bhoenfleld. won the weight-throwing con
tost, covering 11.31 metres. The hi K h jump
was wonhy Sweeny of New Orleans, who
cleared 1.80 metres with Shoenfleld second,
clearing 1.75 metres. Sweeny also won
Kh% lo J^J» m P. wJ th 5.99 metres, and
Sho^nfield was second with 5.G5 metres.
ftffOYT'S "A Day and a Night."- the
|j 1 author's latest comedy and pre
jl sented for the first time here, is
the bill at the California Theater
this wr-ek and a conspicuously unpleasant
1>:I1 Mr. Uoyt's latest ---' worst comedy
If. If to izo farther is to fare. worse with
this author, which tendency "A Day and
a Nipht" clearly indicates, it is hicrh time
Jlr. Hoyt stopped— or was prevented from
—writing any more farces.
The plot of -A Day and a Xipht." which
is distinguished by having this un-Hoyt
like property in unusual proportion, is an
orrensive and unnatural cne. It is the
Ftory of thf> introduction to tne "'wild Joys
of livinp." as known to th«* underworld,
of a poody-fcoody son by his own father.
AT THE THEATERS
CHAMPIONS ARE DEFEATED.
Los9 Their Third Straight Game,
Chicago Being the Victor.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— TV. L. Pet. | Clubs— W\ L. Pet
Brooklyn ....35 20 .636 Chicago 27 29 .4S2
Philadelphia 33 23 .5*91 Cincinnati ..2*5 30 .4G<?
Plttsburg ...30 28 .BIS St. Loul3 24 30 .444
Boston 2S 27 .4SJINew York 19 34 .3G3
CHICAGO. July 1.— The Champions were de
feated for the third straight to-day. With the
same well In hand the locals went to pieces
in the la»t two Innings, Brooklyn taking the
lead by two runs. Shreckard batted for Mc-
Oinnlty in the ninth, Howell coming in to
pitch. A hit, a base on balls and a batsman hit
filled the bags. One run came In on an out
and McCarthy sent In two more by a line
drive to left, closing the. scrappiest game seen
here this season. Attendance, 12,000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago t 6 9 6
Brooklyn 5 10 3
Batteries— Callahan and Donahue; McGinnity
Howell and Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
CINCINNATI, July 1.— The locals had men
on bases in every Inning to-day, but failed to
get a single run. Newton was given miserable
support. Three of the four runs scored In the
first inning tvere gifts. Attendance, S00O. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 0 6 ' 5
Plttsburs 6 10 3
Batteries— Newton and Peltz; Tannehill and
Zimmer. Umpire— Terry-
ST. IvOUIS. July 1.— Young's superb pitching
beat New York to-<3ay. Attendance, S30O. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 8 1
Ne^v York 1 5 4
Batteries — Younu and Cruger; Ilawley and
Bowerman. Umpire— Ewartwood.
American Association.
KANSAS CITY, July L— Kans=aa City 11. Chi
cago 10. Second game — Kansas City l, Chl-
M1IAVAUKEE, July 1.— Milwaukee 7. Minne
apolis 3. ,
BUFFALO, July 1.— Buffalo 11. Detroit 6.
SUICIDE'S BODY LAY
UNDISCOVERED A DAY
Frank W. Bennett Shoots Himself
in tHe Head While Occupying
a House Alone.
Frank W. Bennett, aged thirty-six, com
mitted suicide by shooting himself in the
head some time Saturday night in his
room at 673 Shrader street. The landlady
of the house was out of town and did not
return till late lasrnight. She visited Ben
nett's room, and found his body stretched
upon the bed. He must have* been dead at
least twenty-four hours.
The landlady immediately notified the
brother of the deceased. Dr. B. Gates
Bennett of Van Ness avenue, of the case
and he notified the Coroner. The suicide
was formerly a cigars drummer In this
city, but had been out of employment for
some time. . "
Bennett received remittances occasion
ally from wealthy relatives in New York,
and when he had the money spent it with
a liberal hand. He had once before at
tempten suicide at nhe residence of his
brother. The body was removed to the
Morgue.
a tutor apparently . thoroughly adapted
to . his task. The properties, and means
to the end are the usual "behind the
scenes" arrangements, chorus ladles and
wine suppers, and the whole idea is revolt
ing to a degree. Songs and specialties all
lend themselves to the disagreeable sug
gest iveness, with the single exception of
Miss Louise Gunning's Scotch carols,
which come like a breath of clear air
through the reek of patchouli and musk.
"A Day and a Night" Is, of course, well
acted by the Dunne and Ryley people, un
pleasantly well done, and all the stars
appeared. The new leading lady. Miss
Norma Whalley, was heard in a pong and
achieved much success. She is very cood
to look upon.
To-r.ijjht the new Frawley company will
make its first appearance at the Grand
Opera-house In Zangwill's "Children of
the Ghetto," with Wilton Lackaye as
Reh Shemuel, which part he created in
New York. Rosabel Morrison will also
be seen as Hannah Jacobs, which she
p!aye<l in the New York and London pro
ductions, and a notable cast will take
care of the remaining characters. The
play will be well mounted and costumed,
and the advance sale of seats indicates
a wide interest in the new Frawley com
pany and "The Children of the Ghetto."
At the Columbia Theater to-night will
be given R. C. Carton's powerful play
"The Tree of Knowledge with a cast
rarely equaled in excellence. Henry Mil
ler. E. J. Morgan. Frank Worthing,
Charles Wolcot, John Findlay, E. J.
Backus. Margaret Anglin. Sadie Mar
tinet, Mrs. Thomas Whiffen and Lillian
Thurgate are names to charm with, and
they will all appear to-night. Next,' "A
Marriage of Convenience."
The Tivoli Opera-house has another big
winner with the pretty comic opera "The
Geisha." which to-night enters on its
second successful week. Every member
of the cast helps in a material manner to
the success of the play, while the chorus
and orchestra are distinct features of the
presentation. "The Geisha" will be fol
lowed by a short revival of "Wang" be
fore, the grand opera season begins, on
July 30.
Erma Wing, a talented soprano, will
make her first appearance at Fischer's
Concert House* to-night, singing Juliet to
Isabelle I'nderwood's Romeo and 'Signor
Abramoff's Friar Laurence in the mar
riage scene from Gounod's "Romeo and
Juliet." Deets and Don. clever singers
and dancers, and Master Xorman Phillips,
a Shakesperean reader, v/ill also be new,
ard the d'Estelle sisters, fancy and acro
hatic dancers, will reappear. Edison's
projectoscope will show the latest Afro-
English war scenes.
rank and file bourbon was spread over
the waters of the dock, while the soldiers
on the bow of the ship shook their fists
in anger and the man who owned the
stuff looked miserable.
It appears as if the. men on the Grant
are going to lose money on the trip to
China. The act of May 2C la.st allows offi
cers 10 per cent and enlisted men 20 per
cent additional for service in the Philip
pines. Hawaii and Cuba and Porto. Rico
and Alaska, in addition to their regular
pay. In the case of officers and. men or
dered to China this act will not hold good
and the old schedule will remain in force.
The Comptroller of the Treasury has been
asked by the War Department to Inter
pret the law with special reference to the
troops ordered to China. .
About 2 p. m. the Loelanaw got under
way. Half an hour later she was followed
by the Conemaugh. A prescribed course
has been set down, and when the Grant
sails early this morning she w^jl follow
it and will find her consorts about 500
miles from the Golden Gate. The three
vessels will probably make the run to
Nagasaki in sixteen days and then If the
trouble is still brewing in China they will
proceed to Hongkong. If the Boxers have
been suppressed and there to no need for
troops the Grant, Conemaugh and Lee
lanaw will proceed to Manila.
that the reason for the return of the
Grant was that General Chaffee had re
ceived a telegram from Washington,
which was sent after the Grant on the
Fearless. The Grant is said to have been
proceeding under half steam when the
tug overtook her.
Sailing- Delayed.
The transports Grant. Conemaugh and
Leelenaw were to .have sailed for
China via Nagasaki at noon yester
day, but owing the the non-arrival
of General Chaffee from the East their
departure was delayed. The two ships
last mentioned got away early In the af
ternoon, however, their commanders not
waiting for the general's arrival.
The Grant carries the Sixth Cavalry
and about 224 marines, while the Cone
maugh and Lieelanaw carry horses and
supplies for the men. The marines eam«
from the East, one section from the Xc*w
York navy-yard and the other from the
marine barracks at Washington. On
their arrival here they went aboard the
transport. It was the original intention
to send the men to the Philippines, but
when the trouble broke out in China their
destination was changed.
The officers in command of tho naval
contingent are: Ma .lor W. P. Biddle, com
manding; Captain F. J. Moses and W. C.
0.^ tne second anniversary of his
\ famous victory at El Caney. Major
General Adna R. Chaffee, U. S. V..
failed last n!ght on the transport
Grant for China, whf-re he will take com
mand of the American troopa now gather
ing at Taku to march to the relief of the
diplomatic corps In Peking. Unfortunate
ly, the Grant was compelled to return to
port when but a few miles outside the
J-.eads because of a defective pteamplpe in
the cnpir.e-room, and It is possible that
Fhe may not be able to get under way
aprain before midday.
General Chaffee arrived from the East
en the ovrrland train about 6:30 p. m., ac
companic-d only by his aid. Lieutenant
Harper. So urgent is the demand for his
Immediate departure that one of General
Fhafi'-r's staff officers met him at Sacra
mento with the dispatches containing his
tiral instructions. When the train reached
the Oakland mole the tup Fearless was
waiting to tnk" the famous fighting gen
eral direct to the transport Grant, which
had already tripped her anchors and was
ttearr.inc slowly down the bay.
General Shatter and a number of army
officers greeted General Chaffee as he
stepped from the train and accomjianied
him to the side of the transport. There
was n<» delay. As soon as the general and
his aid had been helped aboard the Fear
ioss cut loose and Captain Bufortl gave
ihe signal for full speed ahead. As the
Grant stfamed past the forts the batteries
tired a salute.
Came as a Surprise.
General ChafCee accepted the China com
mand very much against his personal
wishes. It came as a complete surprise to
him. but being a soldier he did not de
mur. The penoral was at his home at
Liitchfield. Conn., when he received a tele
pram from the Secretary of "War. on the
22d lnst., asking him to come to Utica. N.
Y., at once. There on the following day
he met Secretary Root and proceeded with
him to WaFhinsrton. where the offer of th»
China, command was accepted by General
<'hHffee, who returned ;it once to his home
for a day to prepare for the journey. On
Tuesday niRht he aprain. returned to Wash
ington and on the following morning set
out for this city.
General Chaftee did not care last night
to dj^cuF? his plans.
"I really have nothing to say," was his
reply to a Call representative's question.
SCENES ATTENDING THE ARBIVAX AND EMBARKATION OF GENERAL CHAFFEE.
Xeville: Second Lieutenants D. W. Blake,
C. C. Carpenter, AV. P. llarlee, John G.
Mulr and S. A. W. Patterson.
The cavalry and about 400 recruits and
casuals marched in from the Presidio yes
terday morning, and soon after they got
aboard the Grant the vessel was taken
out into the stream and anchored near
the Conemaugh and Leelanaw.
"Whisky Is Lost.
The transport wharf has never shown
a busier scene since the first rush of
troops to the Philippines began. Many
of the soldiers made their escape and a
corporal's, guard had to round them up.
A number of attempts were made to
smuggle whiskv aboard, but nearly all of
thorn failed. One man Tame along with
a five-gallon demijohn and attempted to
pass it up over the bow of the ship. The
soldiers passed down a "heaving line" and
to it the demijohn was made fast. It
was then dropped into the water and was
being hauled aboard when Gatekeeper
and Special Policeman Wheeler appeareu
on the scene. His time to act was very
short, as the demijohn was up to the
hawse pipe and another haul on the
heaving line would have had it aboard.
Wheeler drew his pistol and taking care
ful aim sent a bullet clean through the
prize. In a few seconds five gallons of
General Arrives From the East and
Hurries to the Waiting Trans
port, Which Starts Immediately
for China, but an Accident to
Machinefy Delays the Voyage.
? .-
"My orders were handed to me only a few
hours ago at Sacramento, and I have not
had a chance to read them. My journey
has been made very quickly and there
was no time for me to receix'e anything
more, than general instructions before 1
left "Washington."
The time has been so brief that Genera!
Chaffe> has not even had a staff as
signed to him. He will have to make up
his staff from regimental officers al
ready on the field or now on the way.
Military men consider this a very great
handicap, for a good staff is essential to
success. It i3 customary for a general to
select his own staff officers from men
whom he has tried and whose ability is
known to him personally.
Grant Eeturas to Port.
The Grant returned to port about 10
o'clock and anchored off Folsom street.
An officer who came ashore In a launch
stated that the clause of delay was the
discovery that the branch steam pipe to
the starboard engine was loose and in
danger of blowing out. The defect ¦was
not discovered until the transport ¦was
well outside and rolling in the heavy
swell. The defective pipe was brought
ashore last night, and will be repaired
with all possible speed.
It •was reported along the water front
The deciding course in the big stake at
Union Coursing Park was not run yester
day, as F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha, one of
the greyhounds eligible to compete with
Curtis &. Sens' Candelaria, had just won
a tremendous course from Curtis & Sons'
Luxor. They met in the S3mi-flnal round
and ran an undecided course, each scoring
four points on a hare which led them clean
across the field. Luxor showed the speed
and secured the first two turns, his op
ponent then scoring two turns and the kill.
They were allowed a rest while another
brace of dogs were being coursed, and
were then slipped to a Hying hare, which
upset all calculations of the bettors. Lux
or was the first to show and quickly
scored four points. Sir Pasha then took
possession and ran up a number of points,
Luxor being at his s:de all the time. The
hare fell once and it was thought the
course was at an end, but she jumped up,
apparently stronger than ever. At no time
after that could the two fast dogs touch
the hare. After running two minutes the
relief dog was liberated and soon caught
the hare. For some reason the latter waj
not killed by the dogs, and when their
handlers took them up the hare trotted off
the field. The course ends the instant a
relief dog joins in. AVhen this occurred
yesterday Luxor had possession of the
hare, but was beaten by a score of 13 to
12. Had the course lasted but a few mo
ments more he would undoubtedly have
scored again and made it either an unde
cided course or else would have turned
defeat into victory.
Both dogs were distressed and were
Riven skillful handling aftery the course.
Sir Pasha was carried off the field by
Frank JlcComb, who was cheered wildly
by the spectators. As the young dog
could make no showing in the deciding
course after such desperate going he was
withdrawn, and first inonev went to Cur
tis & Sons' Candelaria by default.
There was a noticeable increase in the
attendance, caused by the temporary clos
ing down of Ingleside Coursing Park. The
coursing throughout the day was of the
highest class, the outcome of the stake
being in doubt up to the last minute.
There were but few false favorites. Hot
Haste was one of them, being defeated by
Wild Norah at odds of 7 to 1. Erin beat
Cavalier at 2Vi "to 1. Bir Pasha beat "War
ship at 2 to 1, Greenhall beat Spiteful at
2 to 1. I
Eugene Geary's champion. Palo Alto,
was as unlucky as Luxor, with whom he
shared stake favoritism. On Saturday
he had a severe course of one minute, and
yesterday In his first course he ran for
two minutes with Old Glory. He won one
more course, defeating: Rest Assured, and
¦was then retired by Sara. The detailed
results of the coursing:, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Curtis & Sor.s' Maud S beat C. B. Charles
worth'a Crawford Braes. 4— 0; X. P. Whiting's
St. Anthony beat G. W. Helntz"s Herschel's
Pride. 6—5; P. J. ReiHy's The Grafter beat
Russell. Allen &*" "Wilson's Miss Allen. S— 1;
Curtis & Sons" McKinley beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M, 4-2; F. A. McCombs Sir Pasha beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma, ." — 0;
P. J. Rellly's Warship beat J. R. Smiths Syl
vanus, 10 — 4; Curtis & Son's Luxor beat Sterl
& Knov.ies" O'Hara. 4—3: Erwin & Lyons' Sil
ver Wlngrs beat Curtis & Sons' KJng Cotton,
(>— 4: Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire beat Lowe &
Thompson's Over the Border, 3 — 0; C. W\ Ran
ner's Wild Norah beat J. J. Kenney's Hot
Haste. 3—2: S. Handys Twin City Girl beat
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter. 5 — 0; Pasha
Kennels' May Hemjistead beat J. Hurley's Shy
lock Boy. 6—0; Captain Cane's Greenhall beat
O. Abercrombie's Rock Island King, 14 — !>; J.
R Smith's Jennie Wilson beat Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Mapic. 10-4; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Hplteful beat H. A. Deckelman's Snap
shot. 6—0; II. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat
T. Tlerney's Tea Rose. 4—0; .T. Byrnes' Battle
ship beat J. Dean's Lady Clare. 6—1; R. L.
Taylor's Hose beat D. Dillon's Prince George.
12—1; M. Dunlea's Erin beat Curtis & Sons'
Cavalier, 3—1; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat
P. O'Dowd's Cascade, 7—3: R E. de Lopez's
Sara heat Captain Cane's Rose of Arden, 2—0:
K. M. KelloKg's Sweet Emma beat Lowe &
Thompson's Scotch Reel. T> — «: Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured beat D. Dillon's Dew Drop. 4—1:
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat Curtis «fc Sons' Old
Glory, IS— 10; Curtis & Sons' Candelarta beat
F. A. MeComb's Patriot. 4—1; R. E. de Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wa beat Pasha Kennels' Round
About, 8—2; F. Schou's King's Borderer beat
H. Lynch's Lottie M, 4—0: J. II. Perisro's Bohe
heat J. Sutton's Master Lawrence. 12—10; D.
Winders' Lyndln Links beat J. Byrnes' Eleven
'ppot. 3—2: Bnrtels Bros." Beer Brewer beat J.
H. Ferlfco's Controller. S — f>: Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne beat E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy,
5—6; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr a
bye: Random Aim withdrawn.
Second round — Maud S bent St. Anthony.
&— 1: McKinley heat The Grafter. 5—0: Sir
Pasha beat Warship, 3—2: Luxor beat Silver
Wings, &-3; Fine Fire beat Wild Xorah, 4—2:
Twin City Girl beat May Hempstead. .>— 3:
Greenhall beat Jennie Wilson. 4—1: Spiteful
beat Lawrence, S — 3: Battleship beat Mose,
7—5; Erin beat Bad Boy. 7—3: Sara beat Sweet
Emma, 7—2; Palo Alto beat Rest Assured, 3 — 2;
Candelarla beat Minnie Wa Wa, S— 7; Bohe
beat King's Borderer, 3—0: Beer Brewer beat
Lundln Links. 4—0; Royal Anne beat Belle
Clair, 4—2.
-Third round— Sir Pasha beat Maud S. 4—2:
McKinley beat Fine Fire, 5—1: Luxor beat
Twin City Girl. 4—3; Greenhall beat Spiteful,
5—0: Erin beat Battleship. S— O; Sara beat Palo
Alto. 3 — 0; Candelaria beat Bohe, 3 — 2; Royal
Anne beat Beer Brewer. 6—1.
Fourth round— Sir Pasha beat McKlnley.
5—2; Luxor beat Greenhall. 10—3; Sara heat
Erin.- 5 — 2: Can«lPlarla beat Royal Anne. 6 — 3.
Fifth round— Plr Paeha beat Luxor, 4—4,
13—12: Candelarla beat Sara. 5—4.
Deciding: course— Curtis & Sons' Candelarla
won by default. F. A, McComr/s Sir Pasha
being withdrawn.
Sensational Course of the
Year Is Run by the
Great Dogs.
After Running Two Kinutes Sir
Pasha Wins by Margin of Ons
Point and Is With
drawn.
CHAMPION LUXOR
IS DEFEATED BY
FAST SIR PASHA
GRANT PUTS TO SEA WITH CHAFFEE
ABOARD, BUT IS FORCED TO RETURN
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CAJL.L, MUJNUAif, JOLY 2, 1900.
• •
10
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralfla.
DniEBlsis. 60c Cask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.'
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S, F,
1A/. T. HESS,
K0TABY PUHLIJ ANJ ITrOHNST-Ar-I.l'W.
Tenth Floor Room 1015, Claus Bpreckels Bids
Telephone Brown 931.
, Res 4iL ne '/ 821 CaU *°*p'a «t.. b«low PowelL
Eaa Francisco.
AT-
VACATION
SHOES
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.:.:.:.
FOR THIS WFEK
kA DIES' TAN LACE AND BL"UTOV
SHOE& mestly narrow tW^ and
LA DIBS' " K A X(; A H6o ' ' ' AND' " " CALF* 1 " 1 **
<Lair<l. Bcbober & Co ) SHOPS «."»
LADIES' TAN GOLF SHOES.. .'.'.'. tSjSo
LADIES* FRENCH KID (Herbert)
SHOKP— What are left ' 2 5
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS. LXV heel '". " I»3
UEVS TAN HAND-WELT LACE
KHOE. tvlnted toes, narrow widths-
elzes 9. 10. II «i oo
men-p calf mrTTON and'c'on- *
GREPP. full plain toe, E ma:i *iz*s, nar-
rnw vidth* — -
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATrVrRari'd
KID SHOES, odd lot ."..."? .25
Host all ot above small sizes.
JZO MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
We mta not cxchar.ee or return money on
these coo<3i>.
ge* prices in w-lndcwii_and bargain counter.
We also have full lines of new
Sunjmer Footwear. Popular prices. .
vat. *
I AT COST |
§ Owing to the dull season now S
H upon us. We are accumulat- q
j| ing a large s:ock of rental ¦
§ pianos. These, together with 5
a a number of samples sent us a
g from factory, will be closed ¦
j| out regardless of profit. A 5
B better opportunity has never ¦
¦ been offered. Terms very ¦
•jj liberal. / a
| BENJ. CURFAZ & SON, S
S 16-20 OTarrel! Street. §
g CHICKERING AGENCY. g
Satisfactory
Eye=G!asses.
If you are weartnff Eye-Glasses that are noi
satisfactory, we can give you relief | n a f«w
minutes ami at lowest cost (for ftrst-clasa serv-
ice). 0>ur Famous Clips attache-1 for 50c, w'hila
you wait.
Ociliats* prescription* filled. Factory on Drem-
Ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10
OPTIC!AN5^ H0T^APH^AR4TU5.
642 Market 5t. instruments
undir CMRGwcn ButUDiNc. *€aTAIGGUE FrEE.
CELEBRATE
THE
¦ bi ¦ Him
WITH
BUT DIRECT FP.OKI THE
MAKERS,
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS GO,
219 *iCP»T STREET,
SAH PR4JVCISCO.
OPEN EVENiNCS.
432 I'lne 232 Sutler 23co California San Francisco
1075 Cl«y between Eleventh and Twelfth OakUnJ
Jelly glasses covered 35L
Strong clear glass uncovered 20C
reg'Iy 35c and 40c dozen
' New Teas Arriving
Japan— English breakfast—
"Bee'' brand Ceylon
1 Our revised price list and illustrated
catalogue for July is ready— send for one
Dentifrice 30c 2 for 55c
BogerA GaUet— reg'Iy 35c jar
A noted French tooth paste
summer drink — reg'Iy Si 25 dozen
German cologne $\ 45
Johann Maria Farina — wicker
bottle— reg'Iy $1 75 pint
Sarsaparilla— vartray $i I0
A rich— sparkling and healthful
Keiller's Dundee preserve known
in most every family — slightly
bitter— reg'Iy 25c jar
MolaSSeS— New Orleans 55c
Genuine old fashion flavor— for"*
candy and ginger bread
reg'Iy 75c gallon can
Orange marmalade
Maple Syrup— Hazen } gal 65C
This year's sap from Vermont —
nothing finer made — reg'Iy Soc
For the "Fourth"
Order your picnic and
luncheon supplies to-day —
we expect to be very busy
and don't want to disap-
point anybody
SPECiAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Burgundy-**"™/* Mi. 45c
Wine of this character is seldom
offered at such a low price — rich
flavor — heavy body — dilute with
mineral water— reg'Iy 75c gallon
Chlltney— Bombay 30C 5OC
Piquant condiments prepared from
Indian mangoes combined with
finest spices — a most appetizing
relish— reg'Iy 40c and 60c •
Macaroni— French 2 ibs 25c
Direct importation assures to con-
sumers the freshest goods obtain-
able — reg'Iy ijdb — also spaghetti
—vermicelli— letters and numbers
Sardines— French 2for2.se
Beziere — excellent quality —
reg'Iy 15c can
Tomato catsup 3 bqtties 50c
G D & Co— Made from New York
state tomatoes does not ferment —
reg'Iy 20c bottle
BDWEN
Ill, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
HOTELKEEPERS in the Interior are asked
to write for information about above cjoods.
HOUSEKEEPERS, HOTELKEEPERS
and the Duhlic crenerallu should see "these
goods at once, as theu will find them fullu 30
PER CENT less than present prices,
We have on hand an extra stock of 78 CASES
of goods in this department, and commencing
Mondau, Julu 2d,and continuing during the
entire month of Julu, will offer extraordlnaru
values in NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS,
ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS, IRISH POINT
LACE CURTAINS, LACE? CURTAIN MATE-
RIALS and FINE WHITE MISSION
BLANKETS.
AND
;¦ CURTAINS,
. OF
WHITE BLANKETS,
CURTAIN MATERIALS,
TAPESTRY PORTIERES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
4 b A CliEAT KiuaCcUA'XiVU. lAViUUHA..
tcr and Nervine.
The moat wonacr.'ul »phrodl«!ao and SDeclaJ
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs for both a-sxeiL^
Tb« Mexican Remedy for Diseases of in* Kld-
te>» and Bladder. Sells on lt» own merluT^
NABER. ALV3 A BRUSB. A«.a^
123 Market St.. B. SV- t3ea4 tor Clr«ui*]rJk
2OC