no_text_- .... • •
Hippo (in bed, yawning and stretching)— Oh, darn it! There goes the alarm
clock! r*;W^
"My boy Jimmie, aged nine, is a corker
/n psychology— and it's only his second
terra at it. too." - . "
••Jr.tlt.txi?"
"Yes. The o'thor day he said he was
certain that the higher moral Influence
hail nothing to do with my being a good
c:tlzcn." : .r ¦
"Then how did he account for it?"
"lie said I. was afraid of the police I"—
Cleveland Plain .Dealer. '¦- : :S r ,
A PRODIGY.
ONE ON THE CLERK.
He thrust the sealed letter through the
window and put down two cents. !
"Well, what do you want?" asked the
stamp clerk, gruffly.
"An automobile, please," he replied,
sweetly.— Philadelphia North American.
THE ELEPHANT'S PLANK. .
"Fellow citizens of the Jungle," said the
monkey, "various as our interests may
be, can't we find some platform on which
we may all stand?" - .
"That's right," put in the elephant. "Let
us denounce menageries !"— Puek.
Teacher (to class)— What Is an octopus?
Small Boy who has just commenced Latin
(eagerly)— Please, sir, I know, sir; it's an
eight-sided cat!"
Step on a man's toe and he will knock
you down.
Break his jaw, for him and he will apol
"oglze to you.
Kill one man and you will be an outlaw;
*K111 ten thousand and you will be a hero.
"What's the matter with the coffee,
Laura?" Isn't it ready?"
"Have patience, Adolar. It's already
sketched In."— Meggendorfer Blaetter.
DO NOT DO THINGS BY HALVES
Tom— Has old Goldbonds withdrawn his
objection to your calling upon his
daughter?
Dick— No.
Tom— No? I thought you were going to
make him come to terms?
Dick — So I did, and they were the vilest
terms anybody ever applied to me. — Phila
delphia Press.
THE ARTISTS WIFE.
THE OLD MAN'S TEMPER.
This may. not be a verbatim copy of tha
letter that the unfortunate young Chinese
Emperor sent to the representatives of
the powers asking their protection against
the Empress Dowager, but it i3 undoubt
edly a good deal like it— if it is like it
at all:
"Foleign dogs! The sun of the moon
addlessts you. Come lite away quickee
and ca tehee old woman. Empress Dowpger
makee life misable allee samee me. You
catehe-e quick. Lcckee up tightce. No
lettee out. Elollld old woman. Cuttee off
head. No goodee.
"Empless Dowager pushee me off thlone.
Stlckee me in dalk loom. Me muchi-o
'fluid. She give me poison; makee me
muchee sick. Say, 'He no goodee.' Catchee
allee samee me by cue. Walkee Mound
loom. Walkee fast. Pullee me by cue.
Pullee off. Hurt like hellee.
"You foleign dogs, you come qulckee
and catchee old woman allee samee she
catchee me.
"This flomee son of the full moon, half
blother of the sun and glate uncle of tho
lainblow.
"P. S.— You comee now. No waltee."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
LIGHT ON "BOXER" TROUBLE.
Johnny— Paw, what is conscience?
. Pav>'— Conscience, my son, is something
that we always -think should bother the
other fellow.— Baltimore American.
' "Why" do* you not eat your' apple,
Tommy?" "I'm waiting till Johnny Briggs
comes along. Apples taste much better
when there's some other kt& to watch,
you eat 'm."
DADDY'S DEFINITION.
A man met. a bull in a field.
"I'll toss you to see who stays," said
the bull.
. He tossed., the man and lost. ?
The moral Is that it is never safe to in
dulge in a game of 1 chance, especially
when all the oUds are against you. — Phila
delphia North American.
'•Here's the clockmaker come to fix our
sitting-iQom clock," said the funny man's
wife; "won't you go up and" get It for
him?"
""Why. it isn't upstairs, is it?" replied
he, lazily.
. "Of ' course it is. Where did you think
it was??. - :
" "Oh, I thought'it had run down."—Phil
adelphia Pressl £
GAME OF CHANCE.
Brassie— What were 'you doing lugging
that bundle of sticks on the links yester
day afternoon? f
¦ Koozle 1 - Well, I have' come to the con
clusion that it is just as good exercise
carrying the sticks as to follow the ball
over the field," with only an occasional
muscular effort, : so I make the caddy do
tho hitting and I carry the bag. — Boston
Transcript.
ONE ON HER.
Mrs. . I Malaprop— And then, after . all,
when • I ' got to -the convention hall the
man at. the door said: "Sorry, madam,
but you can't get into the hall without a
ticket." -'
Mrs. Gabbil— Gracious, what did you do
then?
Mrs. Malaprop— I didn't know what to
do. I .was. completely ne plus.—Philadel
phia Press. • ;i. ! '¦.¦/<*¦>
SEASONABLE.
IT NONPLUSED HER.
NEVER BECALMED.
"He ought to be a yachtsman."
"Why'ao?"
"He has plenty of wind."
for. too: and then, when the air was
still, he would murmur: "Thanks— one
calm, two francs." and he'd add It to
the bill.*— -L:_::
IN the dream he rolled on yellow gold
and banknotes heaping high, and said
to himself, as he viewed the pelf:
"What a lucky dog am L*\
BUT a shudder passed o'er his frame at
last, for a man came stalking in, and
his voice was gruff and his manner
. rough, and he wore a wicked grin.
AND by hla side was a man flerce-eyed,
and another with the two, and the
trio said, as he bowed his head:
"You the landlord? Howdydo?"
THEN spake the first in a voice accursed:
"I have here your bill for coal." Ami
the second said: "By my grisly head:
I'm the Iceman for my toll."
'TWAS then the third by him was heard,
and he shivered with a chill: "You
may keep your health, but I'll taki;
your wealth, for I hav.e your plumbing
bill."
THEN the plumber woke and aloud he
spoke: "1 am glad that such dreams
come; for it teaches me, if I'd wealthy
be. I should stay at home and plumb."
—Josh Wink in Baltimore American.
THE plumber dreamed, and to him it
seemed that a future great was his.
For he thought that he was in gay
Paree, where he made coin with a
whizz.
HE snored full deep In his happy sleep.
an»l be slumbered fair and well; for
his pleasant trance way that there In
France he was running a hotel.
IT T/a3 full of guests and all their re
quests were of the Host that cost them
dear. And he sighed: "Kind Fates!
Exposition rates are the rates that
give me cheer.V
HE charged them all; in figures tall, for
their food aqd room and light: and he
made them pay for the sun by day and
the twinkling stars at night.
THEIR bill3 were long and the rates were
strong. - from champagne down to
beer. His dream was sweet and he'd
oft repeat: "Ten francs for the atmos
phere."
EVERY breeze that blew he would charsce
The Plumber's Dream.
Ethel (rummaging in grandma's drawer)
— Oh, ! grandma, what a carious key this is!
Grandma— Yes, my dear; that was your
grandfather's latchkey. Ethel— And you
keep it in memory of old days? Grandma
-No, my dear; old nights.
Geraldine— 1 suppose he told Sapplira
she was the only girl he had ever loved.—
Harper's Bazar.
THAT ACCOUNTS FOIl IT.
GeraM— I v.cndor how Ananias sot such
a reputation ns a liar?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
Deacon H:;:dthink was" net in favor of
the pev; tr-.Mry lino running through his
town, but nfter-thcy got to run p. Ing in
Koo«l shape ho was quite struck with
them.THE GUNNER'S JOKE.
Her Young Man— I— I— I, sir, would
like— Her Father— Well, what is it,
young man? Why don't you stop mum
bling? What have you got in your
mouth? Her Young Man— I— I'm afraid
it's my heart, sir.
* A very smart man is? Wu.
But he bit off more than he could chu
When he tried to keep peace
Twixt whites and Chinese;
But what could the poor man du?
THAT WAS ALL.
"But no money to speak of," rejoined
the chairman of the campaign committee
complacently. — Detroit Journal.
"The other side," observed the candi
date, in much apprehension, "are putting
some damaging reports in circulation."
We'll vote him a perfect dear."
They dressed themselves in their very
best,
With many a frill and curl.
'Twas cruel fate that did the rest.
For the doctor waa a girl.
WHAT HURTS.
Without a partner to-night?"
"There's one," said her chum, "I heard
them say . -
That Dr. Jones would be here;
If he's only obliging, young and gay
A DISAPPOINTING M. D.
"Where are the men?" cried the summer
girl;
"There isn't a man in sight!
How can I waltz in the 'mazy* whirl
Wicks — No. I try to argue with her
sometimes, but all she ever does Is to
make a lot of unfounded assertions in re
ply.—Soraerville Journal.
Hicks— Do you and your wife ever get
Into an nnrument?
FROM HIS POINT OF VIEW.
"Table of waits and measures." saiil
Asbury Peppers In reply. "The first long
»nd the latter short."— London Tit-Bits.
"What sort of * table do they set at
your hoiiseT' asked the prospective
boarder.
SPEAKING IN PARABLES.
"Did the doctors «ay what made poor
I>i'Iy Jopps lose his mir.d?"
"Yes; he has been trying to construct
an autocab so lfffht that he could carry it
home on his back if It got balky."—Chi
vgo Record.
THE IMPOSSIBLE AGAINST HIM.
"Good." rcp'.ied the Sultan. "If this
ke<rps up we'll have enough waste paper
to *ell to the ragman and pay our debts."
"-Stray Stories.
"Your serenity," Raid the Grand Vizier,
"here is another ultimatum from the
powers.
HOPE IN AFFLICTION.
Jimmy — Ma and the old man had an ar
gument He wanted me to haul some
coal Into the bark yard.
Tommy— How did it end?
Jimmy— In a draw; I drawed it.— Stray
Stories.
Tommy— Hello. Jimmy, what kep' you?
ENDED IN A DRAW.
"Because I knew some blamed fool
would be sure to ask me If I bad read it."
•-Chicago Tribune.
"What did you read his book for?"
"I thought you didnt like Borus' style."
"I don't."
IN THE NECK.
"Have you read Borus" latest book.
•Boiled Brains' T'
Mr. Howes Fly— Hr. Caterpillar is not
Very sporty these days.
Mr. Butt R. Fly— No; but he says he Is
fiumg to be very fly later in the season.
"It is an imposition! The idea of charg
ing the same for a harmless poodle as you
do for a horrid mastiff. I'll not pay it.
1*11 keep Tupper in the house," and then
she gathered up her skirts and brushed
out-Chicago News.
"Yes, miss, and please hurry; there tea
gentleman behind you waiting to procure
a license for a mastiff."
"How much will he have to pay?" -.' s\
"Two dollars, tni^s. All dogs arc the
same."
"Two dollars?"
"I Just wish you could see how intelli
gent he Is."
"This gentleman is waiting — "
"You ought to see how cunning he looks
when he eats."
"Miss, do you wish a license?"
"Weil, er— how much is it?"
"Two dollars."
"Miss "
'And he is scarcely larger than a kitten.
I do" not think the . dot; -catchers would
take him. but It is'beat to be on the sa.fe
side."
"Yes, miss, and do you wish a license?"
"I cail him Tupper, and he in a present
from a friend." .•
"Here Is "
"You Bie, 1 wanted to make sure he was
a genuine poodle; so I took him around to
the bird store.- The. man said he was
genuine." . . ' ¦', ' \ . '' ¦
"Miss, if you will only-^— "
"But Tupper'a hair ruins his eyes. Yes,
indeed. 1 must have it trimined.!'.
"There are people-^ — "-.
"And he is sick so often. But the bird
ir.an told me that a genuine poodlo is al
ways sick]"
"Welt, he is a little white poodle."
"That is Immaterial, miss."
Wanted a License.
"la this the place to get a license for a
dog?" •
"Yes. miss!"
The Count— Do you bike. Miss Blinker?
Miss Blinker— No; it shows poor
form.
The Count— Well— of course — I don't
know.— Stray Stories.
SHE PROBABLY KNEW.
WORKS BOTH WAYS.
"What is illustration. Uncle Andrew?"
"Illustration? Why, it is writing prose
or verse, that will fit a picture somebody
has already drawn.— Indianapolis Journal.
Mamma— We must go downtown to-day,
dear, and get you a new pair of shoes.
Little Ethel (who has set her heart on
a pair of Oxford ties)— Oh, mamma, I can
have the low-necked kind, can't I?—Phil
adelphia Press.
DECOLLETE SHOES.
The mule, whether in peace or war, is a
subject which should be approached with
a feeling: of profound respect. From every
point of view the subject is one to pro
mote gravity.
"You Fee, boys," said a scientific lec
turer, "that two and two always make
four, and nothing else."
"O. yes they do," cried one youngster,
"they sometimes make 22."— Stray Stories.
IT ALL DEPENDS.
Maud — Yes, thank goodness! You can't
think how glad I am to get her com
fortably settled. You don't know what a
terrible trial she has been to mo lately.—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
Mabel— So your mother has married
again?
THESE PARENTS.
"RUSHING THE'KAHN."
Mr. Lushford— No, m 1 dear. Zass ze
reason I stayed out zish time — to see If
you'd say it over again. — Indianapolis
Press.
Mrs. Lushford— I see you are late again.
Didn't you remember what I told you the
last time you stayed out so late?
INCORRIGIBLE.
His Married Sister— I had to choose,
Tom, between a little man with a big sal
ary and a big man with a little salary.—
Stray Stories.
Brother Tom— Yes, I like him well
enough, Polly; but how did you ever hap
pen to marry a man a head shorter than
you are? *
TOOK NO TIME TO MAKE HE1
CHOICE.
Gr^at-tJrandpa— "Wnat's wrong. Mary?
Little Mary Morse (remorsefully)— Kv'ry sing goes dxong all time. Wish't I
kad my whole life to live over agin!"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
IN THE PUBLIC EYE.
/ION. ADLAI EWING STEVENSON.
- DEMOCRATIC VICE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE.
She— You betting men always remind me
of a lambkin. The Innocent— Do -we,
Miily? Yes; because you gamble on the
turf and eventually get fleeced.
Mrs. Plutus— John, I want you to take
Fido for a walk on the parade. John.— If
you please, mum. Fido won't follow me.
Mrs. Plutua — Well, then, you must follow
Fido.
From the Indies of the East to the Indies
of the West
We have taught the smokeless lesson that
the biggest is the best.
And, as we are the largest by about a
million guns.
The lesson's written down so plainly that
he may read who tuns. -
-Yes."
A JUVENILE LAMENT.
., Mr. Grasshopper— Oh, I just love dancing! We are going to give a .bis- hop
to-night 1-; 1^
3sisui
4vV TALL.
5"Oh. yes." replied the racing youns
man. "I've had four false starts. But
this is a sure go now."— Philadelphia
North American.
"Have you ever loved before T' sho
asked. gaSlng at him tenderly.
CONFIDENT.
"FTeddy. tell pa what you want for your
birthday."
"Oh. pa. I want a tent In the back yard,
an' a gun. an' a grea* big cigar store In
jun."—Indianapolis Journal.
QUITE REASONABLE.
Dolly Swift — Why are so many of the
girls fairly throwing themselves at young
Munnlman?
Sally Gay — Because he Is such a good
catch, I presume. — The Smart Set.
"Oh, I don't know," answered Miss Cay
enne. "I haven't seen any. magazine arti
cles written by him about himself."—
Washington Star.
NOT EXACTLY BASEBALL*
"He_ Is a creat man," said the awe
stricken youner woman.
This thins they call money's a mystery
stern. : 1~-':-
The study — there's no way of ending it.
It's something that takes days of tolling
to earn.
But a minute's sufficient for spending it.
—Washington Star.
MODERN TEST
A DISCREPANCY.
ESPECIALLY AFTER HE'D LOST.
"Is It truo that you wouldn't stop playing 'poker to eat?"
"Not exactly. -But 'frequently after playing poker I stop eating."
THE CORNFED PHILOSOPHER.
"Tact," said the Cornfed Philosopher,
"is best shown by its lack in the person
who asks a newspaper poet if he isn't a
reporter."— Indianapolis Press.
"About Samson and the way a lady cut
his hair," answered the boy. "I don't be
lieve it. It's another of the stories these
Schley people have gotten up." — Washing
ton Star.
"What did the teacher tell about to
day?" asked the boy who had run away
from school.
"When a woman says she will marry a
man if he will give vp his cigars." says
the Cornfed Philosopher, "that means she
is going to marry him anyway— cigars or
no cigars."— Indianapolis Press.
SUSPICIOUS.
THAT'S GENERALLY THE WAY.
"Yes. he started a hotel, and he's made
a hit, too. You know the old-established
place across the street advertised Itself as
'a hotel without the " discomforts of
home.' " — Philadelphia Press.
HOTEL ATTRACTIONS.
EXACT.
Miss Sentiment— Were you ever disap
pointed in love?
Eligible widower— Two and a half times.
Miss Sentiment— Two and a half times?
Eligible widower — Yes; twice married
and once rejected.— Omaha Bee.
SHOWED IT.
The size of the tongue in the human
race bears no relation to the height of
the individual. For instance, the tongue
of a woman five feet In height is fre
quently longer than that of her husband
who rejoices in G feet 2 Inches.
"Co'se dey is. But it's "a back-number
scheme. What were de fust steamship
but a mulelcss canal-boat?" — Washington
Star.
"Dese hoss'less kerriges ain't so much,"
said Mr. Erastus Pinkley.
"Dcy's all de talk." replied Miss Miami
Brown.
AN OLD IDEA.
Mamma (to Bobby, just returned from
an afternoon party)— What, kind of re
freshments <lld you have, dear?
Hobby— Yes; us follows all skipped out
and went swimmin'.— Puck.
HIS IDEA OF IT.
First politician— Old Plunksloy wants the
nomination and he's ready to tap his bar
rel.
Second politician— All riRht. We'll give
him a run for his money.— Puck.
NOT FUNNY TO PLUNKSLKY.
"I suppose you are now prepared to say that marriage is a failure ?*•
"No; I'm not. I had nothing when I married him three years ago and now
have sufficient alimony to support me bountifully."
AFTER THE DIVORCE.
bring it 'round —
Yes. his association with th«
whites has made
Him gentle, cultured, grace
ful.
The negro of the South — he—
well— in this
• Respect, would seem — By
Jove, ah. there she Is!
—MADELINE S. BRIDGES in Truth.
The book we spoke of. I will
he—
The negro of the South— in
fact, you see.
He naturally Is — er — oh — of
better stock.
And finer grain. It mast be
5 o'c ock.
I really ought to go. Tell her
I've found
South, at home —
You don't exactly know which
way she'll come?
Her Sister— I don't —
He— The negro of the South, well.
Her Sister— She went out ' : I 1 * 13
,- Just after luncheon. * * * 1
He— Well— ah— as I said.
The Northern negro has th«
clearer Bead:
- - His mental qualities have far
outgrown
Those of the Southern n«— Is
she alone?
I might walk down to meet
her.
Her 8lster— <Wlth sarcasm.) Yea. you
might.
He— Thpugh, to be sure It la de
lightful, quite.
To chat with you. The negro
of the North
Has had a wider thsr.cn of
branching forth.
Whereas, the negro of the
A Delightful Chat
He— So nice to flnd you . hero— I
scarcely thought you bad re
turned to - town.
Her Sister— Oh, yes; we brought
Our pastorale to quite a sud
"-* : l I den 'close —
The chilly .weather. .--.£ V*" V
He— Too bad!' I suppose
Your sister, also, baa re-
Her Sister— Oh. she's quite well. She's not
- '-: at " home just now. :. - - .
He— Ah! What a charming season
-'• we have had!
Her Sister— Juat charming! Yet It makes
! ; ; one feel so glad to be in
- town.
He— Yes. truly. ; Did you say
You thought your sister would
stay long away?, ; :*>*.*.
Her Slater— Oh, no. She meant to make a
call or two —
He — What are you reading? Is it
1??-J_ something new?
Her Sister— A very clever, comprehensive
screed -
Upon the negro of the South.
He— Indeed!
That should be Interesting. I
have seen .-
Much of the Southern negro.
Has she been
Long 1 gone?
Do you expect her soon? I
mean your sister.
Her Sister— Not Just yet.
He — Ahem! Of course,
The negro of the South lacks
mental force.
Such as the Northern negro
shows. No doubt
She'll come in time for din
ner?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Lady— The dog you sold me last week came very near oatinpr nay little boy.
Dealer — "Well, you said you wanted a dog that was fond of children, didn't
you?
6Spectator (contemplating the 'catch) — I - suppose your biggest ones all .got
away?' . .--. '*..', ¦:•. -•..•.¦ '¦"*'
Flnher— Wall, no. I never play that dodge. . When? a feller* tells -you about
what a big one it was that got away you kin set him down as a liar.'
"And don't you ferget it!"
"But occasionally there's a little truth in sech yarns, after all!"
HE AGREED WITH HER
Mrs. McCanty— An* ye've raised quoite
a big family, Mrs. Murphy? Mrs. Murphy
(with pride)— Seven polacemin, Mrs. Mo-
Canty.
"Bredren," said Parson Black earnestly,
"dere am some folks In which the still,
small voice ob conscience keep3 a-gettin
stiller, an' smaller, until at las' it *d hab
ter l'arn do deef an' dumb langwidge'if it
wants ter uttrack dir attention."— Puck.
NOT UNCOMMON.
After supper he procured his wife's best
clothesline from the back shed, fastened
one end of it to his St. Bernard's collar
and the other to the handle bar of h.'o bi
cycle. Then he went out into the middle
of the road and mounted. For about four
rods, that Is, until the St. Bernard espied
a canine frier.d, the sensation waa dream
like. After that it became one horriblo
nightmare. In desperation the rider
clutched handle bars, back pedaled 'and
fairly howled, until at last he became suf
ficiently cool to call to the dog to stop.
It stopped, all right, but the wheel. had
motions of its own. It went oh till it
struck the dog amidships, then it rose into
the.: air, sending its rider toward cloud
land. His head tried conclusions with the
curb and when they brought him to ho
promised his wife; never to do it again.-*
Detroit Free Press.--
ACROBATIC.
"Why. a man out in the hall."
'.'Then you would better find him and
challenge him to a duel."
"Why, ain't this the place to get a> mar
riapre license?"
"No; this is the place to get a dog li
cense."—Chicago News.
"Then you are safe?"
"Safe nothing! Her old man Is just the
one to heat up. the wires with messages.
Reckon the detectives are bound this way.
How much is the license?"
; The gentleman behind the desk looked
puzzled.
" "Who told you to come in Here for a li
cense?" ;-.-'¦ ' \ - .""¦ -.-
i yesterday she said she loved me enough
to fly."
"Then I suppose you flew?"
"Flew! Why, man, we made; for the
station like the wind. Just had time to
catch the. train, too." .=
I "I suppose her father "gave chase?"
"Oh, he came down in a sulky;' but tho
train was out of sight."
"Christian science is ahead of the other
sects on one account."
"What's that?"
"Its advocates have pot out a souvenir
Bpoon."— Indianapolis Journal.
SPIRITUAL. BADGE.
"Yes, indeed," said the housekeeper, in
a tone that carried' conviction. "We have
the premest servant girl on the block."—
Brooklyn Life. ;,
"Have you adequate police protection
for your house?" asked the burglar alarm
agent.
THEY'RE ABUNDANT.
A young man of this city rang up a lady
acnuaintanee of his on Court street some
days ago, but instead of her answering
the phone herself her elder sister did so.
The young man recognized the difference
at once and said in a suave, mellow voice:
"Won't you please deliver a message to
Miss Clara?"
Delighted at the prospect of carrying a
message that might result in giving her
eome insight into the relation that existed
between her sister and .the young 1 man at
the other end of the line she answered:
"Why, certainly, with the greatest of
pleasuie." *,"' /':.*:-,,"'¦/
"Well, tell her to come to the phone." —
Memphis Scimitar. .
SNAPPED THE "RUBBER."-
"Y"es sir; and the cowshed was the way.
I met Em down there every sunset, and
"But love will find a way."
"Just that way. Ji'ou see, Em's old man
ain't got no particular love for me and
told it down in the river store that he
kept two dogs always trained on me."
"Then you must be runaways?"
"Em's old man."
"Whose old man?"
"We are Koine to get married," he
greeted, "and I hope you won't give us
away before things are straightened out."
The gentleman behind the desk looked
up.
"Going- to get married, eh?"
"Yes, sir; just as soon as we can get a
parson."
"From the country?"
"Just got In this morning; and the old
man is.hot on the trail.".
He was a bronzed youth and a cute little
pink madras bow peeped from his rubber
collar. He entered one of the many rooms
in the City Hall and walked up to the
desk.
Wasn't What He Wanied.
"Do you know, I never dreamed she was
a trained nurse?"
"How did you find It out?"
"Saw her bill/'-^-Cleveland Plain Dealer.
PROOF .POSITIVE.
"Why. that's Atlas. He was supposed
to hold the whole world on his shoulders."
"H'm. He wasn't up to date. If he had
lived taller in history he would have or
jranized a. few corporations and tried to
put it in his pocket."— Washington Star.
"Who is that?" asked the schoolboy's
father, as he glanced through the text
book.
THE EARTH.
"My dear Mr. Green, don't let that
trouble you. Father's ideal listener, is an
absolute Idiot, with no conversation what
ever. *n«l I know he b*J enjoyed himself
irt-xuer.dously to-night!"— Punch.
"I was delighted to cumo, Miss? Brown,
but I'm afruid I'm not much of a tonver-
Katicr.allst."
"Well, good -by, Mr. Green. It was so
rice of you to come. It does father such
a. lot of good to have some one to talk
to."
KIND OF HER.
Todd— One happened at my house only
the other day. A thunderbolt struck with
in a few feet of my wife and she was
speechless for thirty minutes.— Detroit
Free Press.
N'odd— I wonder If miracles will ever
happen again?
A MODERN EXAMPLE.
Not when you take into consideration
the fact that it was a race horse who
was speaking. — New York World.
"My children." said the Patriarch, "fol
low in my footsteps and lead a fast life
and you will be honored."
Strange advice from the father of a
family?
SOUNDS STRANGE.
"If I had as big a mouth as yours I
would not talk about other people's,"
sniffed the ycung lady as she llounced out
of the room, thus teaching the young man
to cling to the good, old, unmistakable
talTy-talk when he desired to be compli
mentary.—Baltimore American.
"Your face is like an open book," sighed
Mr. Softleigh to Miss Gooph, accompany
ing the remark by what he thought was
his most winnins emile.
SHE WAS SENSITIVE
HER PROVINCE
'Tapa. what do the papers mean •when they speak of the 'aggressive policy'? 1
"Afk your mother."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
DEPENDS ON THE CIRCUMSTANCES.
"If you don't want •whisky to get the best of you, you must get the best
whisky." aMCTM
"1 do. lady; but when a fellow's only got a nickel"THE SUNDAY CALL.
8THE SAILING
OF THE
HANCOCK.
YES. that :s Ta Lip. the man behind
the gun.
Xo, it is not a Chinese war vessel
that he is on. It is the United
State? transport Hancock.
Things are a trifle mixed. It is hard to
tell who is who or what is what.
Germans are making guns for the Chi
nese, who use them to kill Germans. Chi
nese here in Sun Francisco are making
clothing for our soldiers who are going to
kill Chinese.
Chinese in Centra Costa County are
¦working like <1emons making dynamite to
load war hca-.ls on torpedoes to blow up
Chinese ships.
Chinese are heaving coal under the boil
ers cf the Hancock, speeding her way
across the ocean with munitions of war
to devastate their country.
The big round dollar, and the equally
large round tacl are at the bottom of the
whele thing, ar.d in time it will come to.
be merely a ca^e cf stacking up coin piles
side by side and the nation that can make
the biggest showdown will win the day.
That would saw money, lives and time.
Men are not lighting for patriotism now
as much as they used to. Race, color,
or country do not seem to have so much
to do with it. Perhaps after all it is not
the money that they rigtit for either, but
the pure love of Sighting; the same
old anircal trait that has always been the
most powerful passiOD over since the nrst
primordial jelly fishes twined their glassy
tentacles in a death squabble over soznz
morsel of food.
Viewed from that standpoint, this war
Is going to be glorious. Everybody right
in at the beginning- All good and ready.
Been stacking up arras, launching ships,
boring cannon, making powder and train
ing men for years and years.
Then the Lady Empress of the most
numerous people on the planet drops her
fcr.nc"kerchkf and all the lords and retain
ers fall to fighting.
At last we are going to put a capper on
those eld hero fellows who have held
their places in the school books so nu-r.y
long years.
Tamerlane. Alexander. Hannibal. Caesar,
Frederick and Napoleon, to say nothing
cf some military gentlemen in our own
country, who led more men than any of
them, all stand a fair show cf bcin*
eclipsed by some man now living.
Who is he? ¦
It is a serious thing, this putting people
of a foreign race with whom we are at
war without eiuarter in charge of our
priceless transports. Our r.avy is limited.
Th* iuss tl a. single stip may bfe mere
Tho «ame argument would, or course,
upply ti> leaks in the hull or broken parts
of the machinery. Both have a strong
tendency to weaken the effective strength
of the vessel, and either would cost money
to replace or correct.
In the meantime there are Americans all
over the United States who would be
proud to render service, for their country,
who have paid their taxes and helped to
support their Government.
They r.ro not lacking In patriotism, anil
the money that is being paid out by thou
sands of dollars a month would be better
in their hands than in those of the Chi
nese, who will probably send it home a.*
they have ever done.
The two Chinese who are drinkinsr on
de-ck do not look as though they were
under as strict discipline as, the marines
lined up down below. There have been
many stories of soldiers on transports who
lacked even ordinarily good food, let
alone the luxuries of bottled liquors.
The man at the gun looks a trifle pirati
cal, and there might be a question as to.
into battle whpr. men have to stand shoul
der to shcuMer, and under such circum
stances it ij more encouraging to have
one of your own race upon whom you
know you can depeml than an alien who
can neither understand you nor maUo
himself understood.
In the Roman war galley*, where tho
slaves stood chained in bank:? as they
rowed, with the lash of the slave driver's
whip to goad their speed, it mado little
difference what the man v:?s so that ho
had muscle. Drains were not wanted, nor
was any esprit dc corps required; tho
w'nip pave that, and when tho slave fell
thtre was another from tho hold to tako
his place nr. his struggling be.dy dropped
astern for the sharks of the Mediterran
ean.
Our steamer* of to-day are as full of
machinery within as the- human body la,
an<l in places they are almost as delicate.
Brains are n<?e^e<i everywhere, and it in
rot fair to the American rn<_n to KXJ that
there is any coolie- from China who can
better till their places on the war vessels
that it is Impossible to man the vessels
effectively without the Chinese and that
the ' : service j would be ' crippled ". without
them. Where are the Americans?- Are
our people so scarce and hard to find that
we must depend upon the very. barbarians
as possible can not yet be determined. .
The main argument ¦ of, - ,the . military
gentleman." however,", was 'based ; on two'
reasons-— first." that' the Chinese had been •
there since the Government took the ship,
and, Eecond, that it would cost something
to return them to China as passengers.
¦which way he would point It when In
action.
' Wouldn't It look much better, anyway, to
see some kind of a white man there? Why
not an American? If we must go to war.
let us go In person and not by proxy.
There are times on a shia that is golns
of the nation.
Give the Americana a chance. They
can flght their own ships. When the time
comes that they cannot do v it. then let
them gloriously sink on those ships, but
let It not be said that we had to call upon
the Chinese to helo us flsht our bp«x««*.
China knows this well, and the proof
of her knowledge is in the thorough pains
which she is taking to thoroughly weed
cut every foreigner* that is within her
boundaries before commencing the fight
of he-r life for final Independence and su
premacy.
With an army of a million men and with
the blind obedience which her people
show for imperial edicts there can 1m no
ground for believing that she could not
assure the safe escape of every foreign
resident, were it her policy to do so.
Hut the foreigners within her territory
know too much that would b* to her dis
advantage in time of war, and the pirate's
axiom that "dead men tell no tales" must
be in the minds of the statesmen of the
middle kingdom, who permit the present
proceedings of extermination.
Still It is paid by those who control the
destiny of the supply chips of our forces
tnan vre can bear. The Chinese are fatal
ists, who fesr daath in 120 form. Only
witntn the last year one cf them touched
off the powder magazine in which he was
defying the sheriffs rather than allow
himself to be ::ric^tc<J for crime.
The temptation ia too great to be placed
before them, whether they resist or not.
There is too much at stake for us to
hazard.
It will be lentmbcrcd that ence during
tho first days of tlis Spanish war a me
chanic of a nation which bad shown bit
ter prej-tMce against us left a file in the
valve chfj-t <_f a transport. That little
stcc! f:lc p'.accd where It was menaced
more pcriousiy than a hostile fort. The
Chinese tJoveniri-ent has yet its offlc'als
end its people all in our midst, and yet the
war is practically on. The pretence of a
foreign antagonistic race in a country has
ex-er prov«»d a source of serious weakness.
The Moors In Spain, the Huguenots In
France, Poles In Russia, the negroes in
the South, all tended to „¦ m«re
than ten times their number acting ag
gressively on the exterior could have
dona. - I - ¦'.-"'.••*•
man- at the fuse worts nere. noiuin*' a
light' iii'his hand, who would be master of
the -situation? What vise would tho ma
lines be? Or 'anything else for that mat
ter? .
'.. The' Hancock has Chinese "coal passers,
firemen, stewards, cabin boys k cooks, sail
ors: and even, it is said, some petty oHl
cerp. If there is anything that goes on
without their kriowlns it, it is because
they. do not care to be.' informed. They
know how to hold their mouths shut, but
their ears and eyes are open, and they
fpo and, hear more than is dreamed of by
their unsuspecting masters.
The Call correspondent at .Washington
found General [Aldington in the quarter
master general's office was well posted: as
to the number of Chinese on the different
transports in the Pariiic service. That
gentleman stated that the Government
had. only .-.the best reports from the Chi
nese,' and that ¦' those -on the Hancock in
particular had shown the greatest" anxi
ety to get away from San Francisco a3
so<wj as possible. General Ludington took
this as an instance of their devotion- to
the * flag:. ..-,, "Whether , or no .the fact that
-there had been such a strangely unusual
number of soldiers dropped overboard, on
the inbound trip had anything to do with
their de'sire" to" get back'to'China as soon
whom we would chastise to wield the
scourge? -
This <iu?!=tion was afked (luring the be^
ginning of the Spanish war; it has been
reiterated, almost lifrcely. during these,
late days when feeling is running so high
that Federal troops ar«* being sent to pro
tect Chinese in the United States. , '
There is danRer on every side. Who
knows what happened on the Hancock
when returning from the Philippines with
American soldiers who had been out to
pet shot at and a Chinese crew whoKpent
their leisure moments in taking pleasant
drinks on deck, it was found that day af
ter day soldiers were being dropped over
board. Suicide? Yes. But why seven good
men on one' trip?
, The Chinese have now amongr { them
the most successful pirates. In fact
about the only pirates left in these
times of civilization and prepress
Only a few -months ago twenty-,
five of them boarded an English
river steamer In China, rohbed the passen
gers at their convenience, threatened to
blow up the vesselif the English officers
resisted,. and made their escape with, their.,
plunder; the most daring bit, of piracy of.
modern days. "It could be done over again
anywhere any time. With a Chinaman
sitting in the powder magazine, as did theIT is said by those who have traveled
that there is no city lri the world
which has t?uch good cigars and good
restaurants as San Francisco. Restau
rants of high price and restaurants of low
price. The latter in particular are worthy
of description, for a good meal can be got
of high price almost everywhere, but it Is
seldom that a good meal can be had for a
low price anywhere. There are restau
rants where a. good four-course dinner
may be obtained for 10 cents.
This is only possible in a city situated
Uke San Francisco, where the savage isl
ands of the whole Pacific pour in their
luxurious volunteer growth of tropic
fruits, which are to be had for the pick
ing. The free pasture ranges of the Sier
ras contribute beef and mutton, while the
sea of grain that floods the horizon
bounded valleys of the Sacramento and
Ban Joaquin pours out brcadstuffs as
cl^eap as chaff.
While the fact that there are 5 and 10
cent restaurants is obvious to all who
read as they run, the existence of their
customers is not ec patent. People who
cat 10-cent meals do not boast of the fact,
and those who eat 5-ce:it meals have
more or It-ss of stealth in the goings and
comings which hunger prompts.
A number who were cautiously asked as
to why they ate with such passing econ
omy pave surly and indignant answers.
Their misery was their own, and nobody's
business but theirs.
There was one philosopher, though, who
enjoyed as much as such meals could be
enjoyed the doubtful luxuries, which set
not or.ly table, liut guest, to groaning. He
was bluff and to the point.
• • •
"It's because I ain't married. See!"
"That's the reason I'm a tramp, as you
•would call it: eating 5-cent meals when
I can get them; sometimes not eating.
That's one reason I cat 5-cent meals. The
other reason, I guess, is because there's
the 5-cent meal to be eat. If there wasn't
any cheap restaurants I suppose I'd go
work more and live better.
"Too much economy is what's the mat
ter with me. I stopped spending and then
I stopped working. It just follows nat
ural.
"The more you spend the more you
•work to get money to spend. If work's a
good thing, I say, economy's a bad one.
"Most economical fellow I ever see was
cne of them Caroline islanders, that I run
across when I was ship's carpenter on a
fruiter.
"That fellow was a model, sir. He'd
never spent a cent in his life nor done
a lick of work except to make a new ham
mock when he wore out his old one. His
•wife picked bananas by the bunch and
tmng 'em up by him and all he had to do
•was to twist 'cm off and drink the milk
out of the cocoanuts that came off the
trees.
"Tou can bet he's at work by this time,
though. When the Dutchmen bought
those islands they set right to work to
get the price of 'cm back out of the na
tives.
"Now. I don't go in Tor too much econ
omy. I don't mind working about one day
In the week, and when I work, I work
hard, and get my money and then I'm
fixed to live for a week.
"My board costs me 20 cents a day and
I've get my pick of dozens of places to
¦ pet It at.- About my Bleeping? Oh. that's
easy, but I won't tell you where it is. It
might surprise the landlord. But the
boarding, that's the main thing, and I
don't mind explaining all I know about
it, and I guess I know more than any of
them.
"Tou eee. a fellow has to change on
these restaurants. You get bo dead tired
of them that you never want to go Into
the same one twice till you've tried all
the rest, lookln' for a better.
"There Is nothing too rich about any of
the food, but the doctors all say that's
the best thing for us. There's no cognac
with the coffee nor mushrooms with the
meat.
"The bill of fare is printed fresh every
day with chalk .on a blackboard and set
outside the door. That's to give the fel
lows that can read an appetite. Them
that can't read, I s'pose, has a cuter cense
of Emell, and that tells 'em Just as well,
everything but the price.
"A cood 5-cent breakfast Is coffee and
two buns, each as big as your fist; or, If
a fellow is particular, he can have dough
nuts or a >nake,' as they call the sweet
pretzels. A big soup plate of mush,
cracked wheat or rolled oats, with milk
of the 'true blue' kind.-' ...
"That's enough to keep you waiting till
the middle of the 3ay and then is the time
to eat your heavy meal; a regular ten
The few travelers who. have taken tho
time and trouble to look Into Menelek'3
queer Kingdom of Abyssinia tell strange
tales of it. Besides the Maria Theresa.
17SD, the people of Abyssinia, for small
change, use a bar of hard, crystalizcd
salt, about ten inches Ion? and two ar.d
a half inches' broad and thick, slightly
tapering toward the end. tlve of which ga
to the dollar at the capital
For still smaller change cartridges are
used, of which three go to one salt. Some
sharpers use their cartridges in the or
dinary way. and then put in some dust
and a dummy bullet to make up the dif
ference, or else they take out the powder
and put the bullet in agaUu so that pos
sibly in the next action' the unhappy
soller will find that he has only misa-flrea,
in his belt; but this is such a common!
fraud that no one takes any notice of it.
and a bad cartridge seeni3 to serve as
readily as a good one.
At noon there may drop In a couple of
typewriter girls of the kind who wear
picture hats. Girls who are underpaid
and overpalnted; who sacrifice eleven
hours out of the day to be able to make
u grand clash down Mamet street at 5
o'clock lr> the afternoon.
There is one little place on Kearny street
that these girls much affect— where you
may be served with a 5 or 10 cent mean in
a private box. There poverty hides in
peace, away from- the painful stare of th j
unthinking and unfee'Jng multitude.
So let those of you who have fears of
the future cheer up. While thers is ir.k
in the bottle you may touch up your silk
hat, and with 20 cent3 in your pocket Uvo
your day like a lord.
These restaurants each cater to a dif
ferent class. Along the Barbary Coast the
patrons are street-sweepers, with their
once white canvas suits grimed by ser
vice; the German "barkeep"; the "bounc
er," with fake diamond and striped shirt
front, and the coal heaver, whose eyes
look bright in his sooty face as he peers
over his coffee cup. Along the water front
are found the rt-staurants that invite the
sunburned, grizzled tramp from the coun
try, and the sallow, tallowy, damp-haired
bum of the city, who lives with the rats.
Under the gas light in the corner Is a
woman, with the shriveling of age cover-
Ing all her minor defects of face and
form. A man comes In like a ghost from
the night. Ilia cheeks are sallow, his
brow white and damp. "With eyes like a
dead man under water the dopo fiend
stares fishily about him, sipping his coffee
and stealthily rubbing hi3 left - forearm.
The needle hurts, even after it has been
drawn.
In Clay-street restaurants are the artists
and the artist's models, which now and
then a writer of the school that remem
bers the good old times and the good old
dinners; a thin sprinkling of these, over a
good crowd of noisy bon vivants from the
commission houses and markets.
"The oilcloths on the tables are kept
shining by the waiters, who stand about
with arms akimbo waiting . for their
orders. On Mondays they look neat, with
their plastered hair and clean white
aprons, but by Sa.turd.ay night, when the
rush comes, their appearance is changed.
A week's work shows on an aprork"
grub that can climb up over the taste of
garlic and pepper.
"Around the walls, dark with the years
of kitchen smoke, are huns chunky bodied
bottles with graceful slender necks, each
swung in a sort of a birdsnest of straw.
courses, all equally good. First there i3
soup, vegetable soup or the other kind.
AH out of the other kind, so you take veg
etable. Mighty thick and filling.
"Next comes meat^ hash, stew or ham
burger. Best to take stew; It's more on
the square and they give a bigger help.
"Hash and hamburger are mighty
doubtful and there ain't much bliss in tha
Ignorance of what's in them. Then you
get a regular flood of gravy with the
stew, and that helps out the 'bird's bath
tub* full of potatoes.
"Dessert may be either bread or rice
pudding, with raisins served in another
little bathtub, and looking like a bird rock
sticking up out of a sea of mucilage.
Plenty of bread, just as white as alum
can make it, and butter as cheap as Phil
Armour dares to concoct. Then there's
tea or coffee.
"Supper is the same an breakfast, only
with milk toast or fried mush; Just about
what the doctor would order for the In
valid. So that ain't bo bad. you see.
"Of course, a man can live on less than
20 cents a day, but it ain't Just the thing
to do. Makes people look at you kind of
Busplcioualy.
"For 30 cents a day you can have meat
with every meal and pie for breakfast,
too.
" 'The John' Is what the fellows that are
wise to it call the restaurants of that
kind. There is something pretty much
alike about all of them, and when you get
used to eating there, the neat, sanded
floors and the clean oilcloths on the table
are really better than the dirty table
cloths and carpets of Bomo restaurants
that pretend more and charge hlghei
prices. ' .
"At some of 'the Johns' the cxpenset
are cut down to the last notch by letting
the customers wait on themselves, taking
a cup and saucer and a plate from a pile
by the door as they go in, and then pass-*
ing them over to the cook to get their
help.
"Madam, the proprietress, sits on the
other side of " the door and passes her
time in seeing how thin she can cut slices
of butter without the wind blowing a them
away. . , .
, "Overhead there are generally long
strings of red peppers and garlic, foi
those two things go a long way to giving
a flavor, and it has got to be mighty bad
THE SUNDAY CALL.
center that would make you dream of
Tour ETar.dmoi.ber if eaten at night. Four
10
Living in San FranciscoTHE STHSTDA Y CAL.I,.
11do was done nothing remained but to face
death.
"We had relinquished every hope for
several of the longest hours I ever ex
perienced when a tug appeared on the
horizon. " Then after hours of persistent
struggle the little tuff came nearer and
nearer and finally reached the Rosecrana.
This tug was the Meteor.
' "It was growing so dark when the Me
teor came alongside that oYders were
given to stand by until morning. Then at
3 a. m. a combined effort was made. The
gale now blew in the right direction,
greatly assisting the little tug, and heavy
anchors' and cable having been carried
out the final attempt was successful and
the Rosecrans. moving • slowly from her
supposed grave, slipped her cables and
was out cf immediate danger. Her cargo
had been thrown overboard; her lifeboat*
had been sunken or carried away: most of
her provisions were gone. Had not relief
come' as it did all on board would have
perished.
"The tug Meteor steamed away at 7
p. m. for Stuart Island, leaving the trans
port making preparations to continue her
voyage; but with the shortage of coal and
provisions jmd, the unpassetl flej-js of ice
an opportunity to live and enjoy it.' It
Was a terrible scene.
"Whenever a raft was completed it was
laden with provisions, which were lashed
on with heavy ropes. The gale blew with
Bitch force that we knew well enough life
would be a matter of but a few minutes
in the small boats. We, therefore, worked
— every man of us— throwing cargo over
board to lighten the vessel. This seemed
our only hope, for "she was liable to be
crushed at any moment by the Ice which
the gale had set in motion, and which was
grinding and tearing In a fearful manner
nil around the apparently doomed vessel.
In. less than fifteen minutes most of the
boats and rafts had capsized and gone to
thn bottom of the sea — provisions and all.
"But the worst was not yet. The gale
Increased with velocity, driving large
boulders of Ice against the Rosecrans
•with terrific foree. For hours and hours
we worked; then for hours and hours we
awaited i the end, fearing every crash
•would bo tho last she could hold r,ut
•against. The suspense was terrible. Dur
ing high tide at 4 a. m., July 16, another
useless attempt was made to pull her off.
Eyery man was at his post, working to
pave, himself and his fellows.' but the most
vigorous efforts seemed Insufficient to
budge the transport. She was stuck fast.
•Two icebergs crashed against her In quick
succession, followed by a huge block of
ice. She quivered under the strain, for
ns they passed along her side the Icebergs
tore loose every remaining raft and boat.
The large Oavit holding ttie anchor was
torn away. Hawsers and wire ropes
broke like so many pieces of yarn. Had
she lain brondsldo sh* would have been
crushed at once.' but even now every mo
ment seemed' her last.
"Every man wonders what he would do
the last few minutes he had to live and
Imagines his action would be something
quite unheard of and" of the utmost im-
portance to everybody; but it was inter
esting to note in this particular wreck
that the majority of the solditrs were do
ing the same thingl Dozens and dozens of
the men stole quietly below, where
looked anxiously about for a bottle. It
became apparent that they ' all wanted
bottles in which they could slip a letter
of good-by to some one, taking the one
chance in a million that It would ever be
found and delivered. It is needless to say
tho number of bottles available was In
sufficient. Only forty-seven were .found,
and the boys scrambled to see who would
get them. ' The letters, of farewell "were
then written and the sealing process be
gan. Chief Officer Fleming produced some
pitch which he ma.de a .fire under and
with the hot pitch and rolls of paper we
sealed the bottles with the good-bys in
side.
"There was nothing to do now but pro
pare for death. I am sure not a man on
board will ever forget the suspense of
waiting for the end and wondering just
how it would come. The struggle we had
had with the effort to save the ship and
transfer the cargo was hard enough, but
it at least gave us no time for reflection.
Now that what work we had been able to
to battle with ahead she was obliged to
return to fnalaska. where after ten days
delav for the purpose of making "pessary
repairs and taking on supplies she re
"T^ndce? miraculous that a.I on
board escaped with their lives from tho
perilous situation." •_
The Emperor of Uermany has a toy
that would gladden the heart of the most
exacting boy. It is a miniature frigate a
full-rigged three-masted warship, flftj
five feet in length, drawing but four feet
cf water ar.d having a capacity of thirty
tons The ship is an heirloom in the lm
pe'rial family of Germany, having been
presented by William IV, King of Eng
land, to the present German Emperor s
great-grandfather. Frederick William III.
It gave the icignlng monarch his first
taste of life on the wave, and In his boy
hood (lays one cf hla favorite amusements
was to "sail on the watery Potsdam, in
company with fcU brother Henry, in this
tiny-man-of-war. At a distance the ship's
dimensions are very deceptive, but a man
at the rail or a boat moving alongside soon
brings out by contrast the smallness of
the craft. The frigate can be sailed In.
the same manner as the largest ship, but
the orew must be Lilliputians in size and
scanty in number; a seaman of ordinary
buIM would be totally out of place on tUd
yards of. this vtssel.
CAUGHT FAST OR A REEF IN A FRIOHTFUL
STORH AND WITH HUGE BLOCKS OF ICE
, , . CRASHING AGAINST. HER HULL,
Desperate Struggle of the
Transport Rosecrans.
THE SUNDAY CALL,.
*^7 I/* 1 *'^ an arrn >' transport e.v'ls ma
\)A// J*' itica N- v awn >". aRu " especially
U u when I myself am aboard h«-r I
feel sure she will be the last ves
fcI afloat to bocome a wreck, but having
just escaped a horrible disaster 1 am con
vinced that we are all liable to accident."
paid a prominent army officer of the Sev
enth Infantry on board the unfortunate
transport Rosetrans.
"For a trip to Alaska the Rosecrans
¦was selected as the best transport availa
ble. This was formerly the steamship
Columbia, vhjcb has been suitably re
m«:dol<»<J to do duty as nn army trans
port. Before coming Into possession of
,thc I'nitod States Government this steam
ship used to carry British troops to South
Afrii-a.
"The Rcsecrans sailed on the afternoon
of June 2 with a full cargo. 223 soldiers
of the Seventh Infantry and a three
months" supply of 'subsistence stores. We
were making for Cape Nome and as all
details had been looked after with the
ufu:iI military exactness no one dreamed
cf ;he dreadful experience we were fated
to undergo in the ice fields of the far
north.
"On the morning of June 9 we a'rrived
in safity off Dutch Harbor. The voyage
so far had been &* exceptionally pleasant
that it was considered unnecessary to
dock there for information. -Then, too.
¦we had righted what was supposed to be
the Ft tamer Jennie returning from Nome
and this .Inspired every man of us with
the utmost confidence that Capo Nome
wan ours without any difficulty en
route. Every outlook being favorable we
pushed on. slowly, of course, to the north.
"The rcxt morning we. sighted the
whaler Wanderer, which seemed reassur
ing, hut I have since learned that she
was lost eocn of ter we met her.
"The course westward, near the Si
berian coast, would pi*obably have been
the most desirable, but as the west was
blo«ke<i with Ice we had to pick our way
wherever we found openings, which hap
pened to be to the east In shallow T»ater.
New and then we saw an iceberg, but
paid little attention to JU ,A little later,
however; large quantities of ice , became
visible* on every side.,'
"On the following morning, June 11,
the Rosecrans cast anchor off the mouth
of the Yukon In forty-two feet of water
and proceeded to deliberate.- A •heavy fog
Ijad settled so dense that nothing could
be done but to await Us clearing. -"The
eir was very brisk, the. thermometer reg
istering about S2 degrees Fahrenheit. Af-
office
a ThmTTthS
Account
cF What
paving the vessel, but ttie best soldier*
arc not necessarily successful Bailors, to
say nothing of builders. The force of th«
sale made it almost impossible to make
rapid progress in constructing the rafts.
The work had to be begun on the main
deck, tying the heavier timbers together
with strong: rope; then the rafts had to be
lowered and lighter boards lashed on.
The timbers had to be brought out of the
hold one at a time, for tho wind would
carry them away like so many pieces of
paper. In fact, a man could not stand on
the deck without being blown off bodily.
As each man had but one hand free to
work with, he was certainly laboring at
great disadvantages. The sea was choppy
and when we came to lower the rafts to
complete them we found ourselves in a
greater dilemma than ever. The rafts
were tossed about, but the men clung to
them and worked bravely. Several of the
soldiers had the misfortune to be. knocked
overboard when a block of Ice crashed
against the raft they were Working on.
The raft was lost, but the workers began
on another soon after they were rescued
from the cold water. N It was a matter of
life and death, and- they had no time to
think of comiart until they were sure of
ter resting until 4 n. m. of the 13th tho
Rosecrans began her struggle forward,
plowing through almost solid fields cf ice.
These blocks of ice are very deceptive,
being invariably twenty to thirty feet un
der the surface cf t.-e sea. and It i» need
less to add navigation under such circum
stances is extremely hazardous.
"While struggling along we met the
Charles Nelson. Both saluted and passed
on. About a, o'clock the next morning, the
14th. the first crash came. The Rosecrans
was frolng ahead at a good speed and ap
parently in an open sea. when suddenly
there came a tremendous shock. Every
body on board was startled. Something
dreadful had happened. She listed to one
sid<*. We lost no time In learning the
worst and trying to render all the assist
ance possible, but things looked pretty
dark. In a few moments it was discover
ed that our transport was fast on the
bottom In fourteen and a half feet of wa
ter. Now she draws twenty-two feet, and
as we had grounded at high tide there
was no hope in the prospect of a rising
tide. She therefore hoisted signals of dis
tress. The Charles Nelson responded and
came alongside six hours, later. As the
Charles Nelson drew thirteen feet of wa
ter relief seemed imminent. Tour large
cables were pasted to the Rosecrans, but
they snapped like so many threads. The
Bltuatlon became serious, then hopeless.
A terrific gale came up, but the. Nelson
struggled bravely to assist us until the
tide receded, making It necessary for her
to leave us in order to avoid sharing a
similar fate. The Nelson therefore re
turned to Dutch Harbor, while we watch
ed for another response to our signal of
distress.
"It came late in the afternoon. The
Valencia answered us, but having &
draught of 22 feet could not approach us
any nearer than a mile distant, and even
then narrowly escaped a similar fate to
ours, which rendered her crew fearful and
caused them to back out of reach of dan
ger, and as they could be of no assistance
they were compelled to leave us.
"The Rosccrans was In the meantime
nettling deeper and deeper in the heavy
black clay, while large walls of Ice struck
against her side with such force that ev
ery one threatened to break her to pieces.
It seemed hopeless to try, to save her
now. How long she could hold out no
one dared to guess. In fact, we did not
take time to speculate.
"Orders were, given to lower lifeboats
and construct rafts. Fortunately there
was a cargo of lumber * aboard, from
which some of us proceeded to build rafts
with* all possible haste.
"The construction of rafts under ' cir
cumstances like these . was no easy mat.
tcr. The soldiers realized the peril of the
situation and worked hard to assist in
12OVTZn in China they ' drown littl?
girls because there are so many.
Here house. keepers cannot get a
girl fcrs either love, or money. As
two negatives make an affirmative, so two
difficulties n-.ake an opportunity when a
person is wise enough to Fee it.
Dr. Sarah Wise of 150* California street
has solved the girl question for herself by
getting one from the land of superfluous!
girls across the ocean.
Little lai Ho .never knew her parent",
and docs not know where she. was born.
She must have been sold as an infant in
China for the very insignificant sum that
girl Infants bring then*. Up to the age of
10 years she .was a little slavey maid' in
Canton, doing the best that a little girl
of 10 years could do, looking steadily for
ward to a life of hopeless slavery.
A wealthy Chinaman from California
.who had washed sacks and sacks of gold
dust out of the snowy creeks of the Sier
ras went over to China and bought up a
'cargo of pretty, intelligent girls. Before
he got them* across here a plan was laid
by the missionary people to rescue them
on their arrival. There was a hard fight
In the courts and a harder one stUl to pre
vent the girls from being recaptured, for
they had been sold to Chinese parties be
fore they arrived here.' and the purchasers
naturally considered that they were being
[robbed of their rightful property.
was In the mission she was undoubtedly
as eager to escape as were her highbinder
owners to recapture her.
But the patient kindness^ of the good
ladies of the mission at last* won her
simple littl« heart, and the villains no
longer pursued her.
After going through more adventures
than the heroine of an Arabian Night's
story, she was at last ready to be trusted
to the freedom of our civilization. __ .
In the meantime Dr. Wise had been going
through all of the well-known tribulations,
of those who require household help. She
had besieged tho employment offices and
them had been a daily coming and Rolnir
of servants fSo proud to work but not too
honest to take some memento of the lady
doctor's kindly
Owlneto different reasons • it was not
convenient for her to have 'a' Chinese«or
Japanese man In the house, and it ap
peared as though she must either give up
her noble profession and devoto herself
to her own housework -or else pive up
housekeeping. ¦ 1
It was just at this point that the two
difficulties-came together which madethe
opportunity.! Tal Ho was growing too old
to stay at tho' mission any longer, for she
The mission ladies took her to Dr. "Wisg
and she was install?*! there as housemaid.
There ?re no women In the world more
domestic by nature than the Chinese. Chi-,
npsf! Kirls do not flirt: they do not know
how. Shopping has littledelight for them,
as their clothes arc plain and their trou
sers are all cut alike.
Tal Ho commanded the Fame salary as
an American girl has for the" same work,
hut .with the difference that instead" of
feeling herself down-trodden or oppressed
she enjoys the work and is very happy..
While our cookery is the base of our
civilization, it seems as though the art is
the most despised of any which is prac
ticed. A cook is without honor in this
Country, In China It is different*
There wealthy merchants. -bankers and
capitalists are prouder of being known as
good cooks than as members of their pro
tceslonf. It is almost the highest art In
China— higher, perhaps, in general esteem ,
than literature: and if one could know
the rank and standing of many of the.
Chinese cooks in this country one would
be astonished. .
The Chinese cook in establishing his su
periority to the people of the literati clas<j
points with pride to his own well-rounded,
well-modeled frame, and then to the thin,
lank, self-shown failure of the physical
form of the literati.
So Tal Ho is proud of her work rather
than ashamed, for she has the sense to
know that as the Christian home is the
unit of our civilization, so. the cook of that
home Is the keystone of its arch, and
there can be no happy home without good
cookery..
THE FIRST CHINESE WOMAN TO GO INTO SERVICE AS AN AMERICAN HOUSEMAID
Tal ¦Tl'n hafl.. been' told of all the terrible
t hinsB th» ¦ "white forniKn . dovila", would
do to her. ; All the tortures of China were
known to ksr, and "she 'was. told; that thoso
were eaey'compared to the insenulties de
vised by. the marvelous brains of th« '.'fan
kuei." Therefore during the time that she
had. ambition to b« something: mow than
p. paramlte on" an eleemosynary Institution,-
She had seen tmough of American civiliza-.
tlonUo long to- become a partof it.and
to s put a wider gulf than even -the broad
Pacific between herself - : and ,-th« f father
land, which had treated her youth so cru
ellyr , ;.". ¦¦,;."¦ ¦- '::.;-¦ • ;-
"There Is ene remarkable thing about Tat
Ho 'which- perhaps -eha -herself has not
thought of. .-..Though. only. 13 years old sha
has t done : something ¦ that no Chinese
woman has ever done, before. There -are
perhaps 20O.0CO.000 of them, She is the first
Chines* .woman . to bo - into service ! as . an
American housemaid.
"There doen not appear to have been
any reconnoiterirg done at a'.l except by
General Chaffee. v.-ho, with the skill and
coolness of an exr^rii2.cu:d Indian fighter,
Her.ry Cabot Ledge In his book about
the Cuban campaign describes El Cane?
as follows:
"I ' have never seen anything to equal
the courage and dash of those Americans,
who, stripped to the waist and led by the
l^ian in shirt-sleeves, were offering their
naked breasts to our murderous fire, lit
erally throwing themselves on our
trenches on the very • muzzles of our
guns."
One of the surviving Spanish officers
after El Cancy. a member of the staff of
General Vstji del Rey. had this to say of
Chaft'ec.'? charge on the stone fort:
"General Chnfreo is a superb soldier.
He has spent rr.cst of his- life in the rmll
tr.ry service anVi is thoroughly familiar
wi'.h the business."
General Chaffee was the idol of his men.
and one of his favorite commands when
In a hot chaso after Indians was "Follow
me. men. and every, man that's killed I'll
make a corporal."
Lieutenant General Mi!*s In his remin
iscences dpvotps several pa^es to the 90I
fiierlv qualities of General Chaffee. com
mending 1 hia bravery, discretion and mili
tary ability in the highest terms.
Although General Chaff* 1 ** has attatnert
fam<- chiefly as a hard fighter, his abili
ties &9 an executive officer and as a dip
lomat l<*d to hi* beinj? made chief of staff
to the Governor General of Cuba, and to>
his selection to command the American,
force? in China. General Chaffee was in
his element in an Indian campaign,
though he had little patience with th«
policy that would simply drive hostile Tn
diam; back to their rcTrvatlons.i He be
lieved that the mort effective policy and
the most humane In the end was to ad
minister severe punishment to Indians
w'.o had made war on the whites. When
h? could got after a band of Indians and
re: away from telegraphic communica
tion, where lie could not be held back by
orders from Washington, there was sure
to be a fight, and the Indians would get
the worst of it. ' - :¦
"By uawn they were In position, and it
was arranged that Chaffee'3 brigade was
tofattack from the north and east and
I.udlow's Troin the south and west, and'
so carry .the position. And at last, after
much hard flshtir.sr. General Chaffee.
vhoep is'eji had b?c:i enduring the brunt
cf thr> light, f&te ths» order to storm, and
the Twelfth Regiment spranp forward at
jhe word, erzscr for the chzrare. Up the
ravine they swung to the risht. broko
through the wire fence*, rushed upward
to the top of the hill, and the fort was
theirs. The enemy cou'.d not stand Ciiaf
fee's rush. Lining up in front, tho Ameri
cans pourrd volley after volley into the
othrr stronghold?. They had been splen
didly led."
"The movement fit El«Caney was In
trusted to Generals hnwton, Chaffee and
l^jdlow— brnvc. skii'-ftil and sallant sol^
«iiers — In command of the Second Division
bripvirtes. with an additional independent
brigade under General Dates, in all a tri
fle over GCOO men. Part of Lawtnn's divi
sion got off f.rst. then the rest, and all
marched en "ilently during the night,
making their v.-ay over the ground Gen
eral Ch.iffci? had rcconnoltered. through
wocdn and nuderbrnsb.
"i: was nj *hls point finally that It was
determine <1 to make an attack, and thi*
was. ?o i'ar asjcan'be judged, the only
operation that Lvna p'.am:ed beforehand.
All the rest of the nshtinsc which enauedl
camp about largely by qhar.ee.
explorec! the ttfoxmd In front "of his com
mand thirr,t:sh!y even to th.-> Spanish
lisas at FA Cnney. a village lytr.g toward
the rcrthcart of Santiago and very
strongly defended by blcekhotises and a
fort.
CHAFFEE, "THE MAN IN SHIRT SLEEVES," WILL GOMMAND OUR TROOPS IN CHINA
emy that his attack carried all before It.
After the battle the immortal Lawton
on the fighting than he was on the wound.
He was always at the front and his pres-
ence was an incentive -to the men of his
brigade."
In his book, "The Santiago Campaign."
General Joseph Wheeler 'writes of Chai--*
fee: \"^
p aid of him:
"I consider General Chaff.ee one of the
best practical soldiers In the army, and I
r hall recommend him for special distlnc-
H ion for successfully charging the stone
fort, the capture of which practically end
fcd the battle."
Wounded men at Montauk Point spoke
glowingly of Chaffee, saying:
"When he was wounded at Santiago he
ever left the field, but kept right on
*IooL in great suffering, but more intent
- • . :•¦- • . «
EFRSERKER iber. bare, ana serkr. shirt of
mail), a rdcubtable hero in Scandinavia:!
rrytholopy. ;h* trandson of the eiRht-hande.l
t^i-irUader and til. beautiful AlfhiKie. He de
spised mail ml bdmtt and. contrary to the
eustoai of those time?, went always to the
battle unban-et^a. his fury nervine him in
ettad of defensive armor. — Encyclopedia.
/*=^3 EN'ERAL ADNA R. CHAFFEE,
r> who has crowed the. Pacific to con
"^^ mand the American forces in Ch'na.
is the Berserker of the American
army. At El Caney, where he led the
victorious charges against block house
after block house in the teeth of a mur
derous fire, without ¦ coat, the Spaniards
dubbed him "The Man in Sliirt-sleeves."
And that is the way our leader in the war
Bgafnst the yellow races hift fought the
battles of bis county foi forty years. Dis
regarding the dangerr-discarding th« fine
raiment of his rank and only thinking of
freedom and ease in the carnage he lovea
better than life, this brave commander
rights among his men.
Not wealth, iior social connection?:, nor
political affiliations have aided Adna Chaf
fce. grim and pray, alert and muscular,
to the two starred shoulder strap of the
major peneral. for he was a plain son of
plain parents and lived on a little farm
;n central Ohio until he enlisted in the
regular array at the outbreak of the
civ.l vezv. It has taken him forty year*
cf hard and br:lli:;nt lighting against Con
federates and Indians and -Spaniards to
rise, grade by grade, from private to
major general. And now he will wage
war for America against the cruel Mou
goliar: Hoxcrs.
His contribution to the allied forcts will
he. the knowledge and energy of a fight
ing soldier such as tew countries could
i-quLl. When the proposition was m;>dc.
iilttr G<ineral Chatf.ee ms ha!f way
;:cro?s the ocean, to place an officer of
higher rank in nominal command over
him the Cabinet gave thought to his peer
less record and oecided that "The Man la
tnirt-sKeves"' was quite good enougn for
the supreme command. He will be raised
10 the full rank cf major gentral, and at
lea&t xhrce brigadiers will be sent from
Manila and from the home land to take
Jiis orders.
Bc;rn in Ohio, on April 14. IS42, Adna
Chaff eo entered tne regular service as a
private in July. IVJl. an unadorned troopor
in K troop, feixih cavalry. ; Soon he dis
tlneuit-iUKl himself ;md was made ser
geant, and afterward rim sergeant of his
troop. His commission came to him on
iiareh 13, isc;. wJ*»n he was made a
second lieutenant "for bravery and meri
torious conduct."' On July 3 of the same
year he uas brcvetted by Congress to a
first lieutenancy '"for gallant and m^ri
lorious conduct at the oatt'e of Gct'ys
."•urg."' On March 31. lSt>3, he was ccni
misfioned captain tor gailant arvd m<*ri-'
torious services in the battle of Dinwid
die Court House, Virginia.
Indian wars followed the civil war. and
In nearly all of the famous campaigns
ngair.Et the redskins Chaffee was a promi
nent, figure. He was rewarded with the
major's rank on ilarch 7. 1-VJ B , "for gallant
end efficient services in enR-a'gt-ments
against the Indiar.s at I'aiiu creek,
Texas," and became .1 lieutenant colonel
on February 27, 1830. "for gallant services
In leading a cavalry charge over the rough
and prvcipivTis bluff? hi-tu by the Indians
on ths Red River, in Texas, on August
20. 1V74, and gallant services in action,
against the Indians at Big Dry Wash, in
Arizona, on July 17, 1SS2."
In May, !£'.%, came his appointment to
the colonelcy of tho Eighth Cavalry and
with it that of brigadier general of vol
unteers for the Span:sh war. He was then
lieutenant colonel of the Third Cavalry.
He was promoted to the rank of major
general of volunteers in July? IS93, and
honorably discharged from thai grade in
April. 1290. Since Ihc-.i be has held a e-jm
misFion as brisradier general of volunteers.
He coir.!r.a:idtd a brigade and a divisioa
cf the Fifth Army Corps in the' Cuban
lampa-gn. and consequently ;v division la
the- ~ir:-t and Fourth Army Corps. Krom
December. IK'S, he rerved as chief of staff
to the Governor General of Ct'fca ami has
recently Ixkii on duty in the Adjutant
General? othce in Washington. /' ,
• General Chaffe*-'<= wound at Santiago,
v.hcre a rifle bullet piere<-d bis foot, was
the third he had received. He was shot
nt Gettysburg: and Chickamauga. For his
fcril'.innt. brainy and daring vfrork against
Ccrriar.che. Apache and Biouxi be was
four times breveted by Cor.grc-ss. lie was
with General Crook ii Old Mexico in th<»
cr.mp?ign which resulted in the surrender
of the famous old Apache chief, Oeronimo,
and his band in 1S%.
Despiie his aetivity in almost evry In
dian campaign Fincc the Civil War. he
has been inspector general on General >!c-
Cook'^ staff, stationed at Los Angeles,
and In charge of the Cavalry School of
Instruction £t Fort Rik-y. Kans., at dif
ferent times.
At El Caney. where he earned his pictu
resque sobriquet. "The Man fn Shirt
sleeves."* General Chaffee reeennoitered
for himself instead of leaving- this work
to his scouts and made himself so well
acquainted with the deposition of the en-
THE- SUNDAY CALL.
13under It. The big carnations are the best
flowers obtainable for the high arrange
ment. A mass of great Hobarta may be
left to themselves or set off with maiden
hair or asparagus plumosa. The latter la
the best in effect for all carnations — re
member that easy rule. The reason la
simply that It is more becoming. Try and
you will see. Just as some girls look bet
ter In frills and others in tailor-mades, so
flowers have their individual styles of
dress. Eut if you are the least bit un
certain about the choice, bear in mind
that they are all beautiful with their own
foliage alone.
A big flat basket is the best thing for
sweet peas. Don't choose a gaudy bas
ket, but one in natural straw color or
¦wood brown. It will show hero and there
in peeps under the drooping maidenhair
and pink or white blossoms.
The use of baskets in flower arrange
ment Is worth considering. They are to
be had in such a variety of shapes that
they are good for any flowers. The tall
ones make an excellent cover for a vase
when it is to stand on the floor. The
basket is surer-footed than any vase, and
its use may avoid much damage. Baskets
are used year in and year out for hanging
decorations because of their strength and
lightness. The preparation of a hanging
basket means a, long labor of love for. you.
and if you can afford it you had best
hire a decorator, who will do it as a labor
of money Instead. Otherwise, follow the
professional method a3 closely as you can.
He uses moss as a basis. The mos3 once
placed, he hangs the basket and proceeds
to work from a stepladder. You will
probably use the piano stool on a rocking
chair, but that's your affair. The flowera
are to droop so that their faces can be
seen from below.
Hampers of straw are the smartest
things to hold flower gifts. The lid of the
hamper Is left partly open, and the
flowers look ready to tumble out in a
beautiful, fragrant heap. A brown ham-
Der adorned with a chic pink bow is good
iu nanaie un.Dif.-s un<3er similar conditions.
Somehow the fiowt-rs seem to know right
av.ay if you are the wrong person. They
kick out rebelliously when you try to
put them Into their^vaise. They adjust
their stems in ungainly angles. They
WiJt. They wither.
And If you are the right person they
*e«n to know Just es quickly. They
will take on graceful lines and they seem
fresh and happy. This is because you
know how to look after their comfort;
you :-.:.., w iiie shape of the vase that suits
cacn kind best, you think of the tepid
water that helps them to revive. It is
to them like visiting where a host has
thought of all the little appointments
that make guests feel at home. '
There are no end -of fads and fashions
In the arrangement of flowers— enough to
drive you quite distracted if you try to
learn them all. But at the bottom of the
whole matter lies the law of naturalness
and simplicity. If you keep close to this
you ran never be Tar out of tho way in
producing an artistic result.
Glass is pronounced to bo the ideal sub
stance for a flower vase. 'lost of tne
beautiful porcelain vases that arc often
used for flowers were never meant for
them.- Their shapes have developed, per
haps, from ancient water Jugs and sim
ilar useful articles. They are unsuited to
the uses of flowers. The commonest qual-
Ity'of glass, if correct in shape, makes, a
better flower holder than many a fifty
dollar porcelain vare. That. Is no reason,
to be sure, why you ; shouldn't use ex
pensive glass if y O u have it.
Of courVe white glass is the most fie
cuont, and it would bo satisfactory if
had never seen^reen tfasa/Eut -r.-o have,
and wo know that it is better ycr. DecVi
leafy src'cn it should be in tint, a green
that will. carry out tho stein^ color of the
flowcrr. It iri perfect v.-i-j . ar.y blossom
that grows, for/green ia each one's nat
ural environment/; There you r.re again,
back to the old law; make your flower
- guests for S ct. ;as far - as possible, that
they have ever left home. Over in Berke
ley, is a summer parlor— one of^ those cool,
dark summer parlors,' where you can loaf
in deep, cushiony chairs and read mag
azine. You will never enter that parlor
at this season of the year without find
ing roses on. the mantel* They are long-
Stemmed American Beauty roses and
they. stand in a tall green glass vase and
are rcliected In the dark mirror corner
where they stand. It is wonderful how
far such a little/ thing goes. That vase
of flowers is the keynote of the whole
room in its refinement and coolness and
perfect taste, Nobody vulgar would have
Flowers Arrarjged by
Sievers & Boland.
TO make the flowers forgot that they
have been picked— that Is the law at
the bottom of all flower arrange
ment.
Tcu can't handle flowers without a love
for them. U> »>o more use than u> try
THE PROPSR
" .CHOTQS
OR
THE SUNDAY CALL.
arranged them so. Bad taste seeks elab
orately designed vases or baskets or,
. worst of all, complicated set pieces.
Any. other color in glass Is good, pro
vided :t carries out the color scheme of
tho flowers. The great beauty of glass
is that aierns show through, and stems
are beautiful. Did you ever think about
that? Don't treat them as if^they were
. unsightly. Put your roses in ruby glass
If you like. You gain a rich effect, al
though you lose the' coolness of the green
which counts at this season. Purple glass
is beautiful for fleurs de 11s — try to re
member that until they come around
again, when you can put it into practice.
Get an amber glass bowl for your blaz
ing yellow coreopsis, and so make a spot
of sunshine in the dark middle room of
your flat.
Fashion has at last recognized that the
stem belongs to the flower and has a right
to go along with It. Some of you can re
member back to the time when roses and
carnations were beheaded and set In a
'low dish or tied In a stubby, round bou
quet. Nowadays they are scorned unless
they crown a long stem— the longer the
better. Vases are made tall enough to
hold these stems and display them to the
very tip. No flat effects are used except
with those flowers which positively refuse
to grow in any way but low. Pansies
have to be arranged In the funny squatty
way that they persist in growing, and vio
lets likewise. Sweet peas " are short
stemmed, too. But the roses and carna
tions..which are the flowers of the hour,
are all cut with long stems.
The curling over lip of the vase hr.3
much to do with the grace of flowers. It
gives, an outward and downward curve
to the outside flowers— a curve that is
especially desirable for the center pieces
of dinner tables. If your carnations droop
over the curling edge of iho vase you can
look up into their very faces.
Awhile back the rule for the center
piece was: Build it low, so that diner3
may look over it. Now the rule is. look
14
HOW TO ARRANGEThe summec weddings are for the moat
part over and done with, and the honey
moonera are staid married folk by this
time. If there be a few belated July
brides ,let them carry lily-of-the-valley
bouquets. There Is no flower that blooms
more appropriate on a wedding day.
"When the bouquet is brought, put it In a
cool place immediately and keep it there
until It must be used. A good way Is to
put It in a bowl of water and set the
whole thing in the bathtub, making the
bathroom dark. This is a hint, by th«
way, tor -» -v-nda of bouquets. If you
DCCRKS OF
: good
T*ST£ FOR
THE
PRSS5NT YEAR-
THE SUNDAY CAIX.
However, whatever changes there may
be In the popular colors, carnations them-
"Many combinations of colors in flowers,
when arranged in quantity and under ar
tificial light, moduce an effect that is
merely an Illusion; those which are really
beautiful under all conditions are of the
greatest value. Most of the softest and
undecided tones are usually and erro
neously styled esthetic; that quality can
be found in the majority of colors "
"The textile designers to-day can learn
much from those who lived in the seventh
century, and while the florist may never
look back on one, or two lines, yet the
architects and colorists who do have an
influence on our art which we cannot ig
r.ore. Striped carnations became fash
ionable more because of the silks manu
factured in Lyons than from any other
cause, and it is their size rather than
color which does and will help them to re
tain their place In popular favor. It must
not be thought we are always led by the
fads or creations of other arts. Xo. no;
the florist does originate fashions, but
there are strict laws defining beauty, and
there must be a unity among the elements
from which thit beauty is created.
of strange stripes and abnormal shades
are shown. The large basket vase for a
bay window Is filled with a mass of these
assorted carnations that run the gamut;
from dark blood red up to white. Scarlet
is to be found, and a deep French pink
and the palest fiesh tint. The queer new
salmon shade predominates; It is not pret
ty, but It is new, and people will have
it. But somehow, in the long run, these
sickly colors are always driven out. A
flower lover ha* said: -"There is consid
erable thought being given to the ques
tion. 'Will striped carnations remain much
longer in popularity? This can be said:
The uses of striped flowers will always
be more or less circumscribed because
their effect from a decorative point of
view will never be as artistic as the self
colors. The decorations of the future will
demand much more care in color con
trasts and UFapes than they do now. You
will perhaps notice that we are continual
ly passing from one era of fad to anoth
er, not always advancing, but often go
ing backward and forward.
for July s pink sweet peas. Purple straw
will be used for violets when they put in
an er>;>earance. and green for mignonette.
A dainty little bouquet for a parlor table
Is. made by combining bachelor's buttons
and lilies-of-the-valley. The deep blus
Rowers show off the little white lilies In
Fharp contrast. There Is nothing prettier
in the whole bouquet than the pir.k Illy
roots showing through the glass.
The iilium arratum is to bo had now —
he big white lily with tiny brown dots
1? delicate a? those on a bird's egg. Ir.
trranging them in a tall, cut-glass vase.
et the majority stand upright and a few
rill be found In every bunch that have a
iatur;il inclination toward drooping. Let
hem have their own way. They know
>ctter than you.
Whether it be true that President llc
viniey really inaugurated the carnation
ad when the United States inaugurated
sim has never been proved and probably
tever will be. He has borne the charge,
lowever, for nearly four years. Some
'Ody h.id to b*>ar it, and ft might as well
* McKinJey as anybody else. At any
ate. the President is slid to be partial
d carnatione, and for about four years
ley have been popular from coast to
53fct of America.
Florets claim that it is more the last
g qualities than anything else about
ie carnation that makes it popular. If
sur carnations are fresh when you buy
Jem they are goorj for several days, out
stir.g the more beautiful ro«es, peas and
iolets. Roses droop so soon that It some
mr-f seems they are not worth buying,
iolets keep their form, but lose their
aerrance. The steadfast carnation re
alns bright and s=picy in its own faithful
ay.
The demand for these flowers has set
ie florlFts to work to devise new styles.
h« wizards who produce what colors
}r-y p'.ease have bler.df-d the primitive
nks and reds and yellows u«t!l all kinds
will let them spend their nights surround
ed by the coolness of the porcelain they
will be brighter companions for the next
day. And here you are once more back
to first principles; make the Howers for
get that they have been picked. They ara
used, at home, to cool, dark nights, not
to the heated glare of rooms.
Be a kind host and you will have happy
guests. ' '
not only artistic, but practical, to arrange
flowers in tall jars or' vases. "The more
of the stem that Is Immersed in water the
better," is a florists' rule. - One of them
adds: "While the stem may absorb but
little except through the cut end," the im
mersed part is at least prevented from
transpiring part of that taken In through
the end." This is sound reasoning, and If
it be forgetten the" law" will not be.
selves seem to be good for a long tim6
yet. They are steadily Increasing In fa
vor. Dress your house with them for a
party and yqu will have the pleasure of
them for long days after your guests are
gone. Choose them to war aCa dance,
.and they wlllfetiJJ bo fresh at the even
ing's end. There Is no other flower that
can ride a lapel in so swagger a fashion.
'The mirror decoration Is easily carried
out in carnations. Time was when it
sufficient to decorate your long drawing
room mirror In entertaining: now ladles
must find flowers . to welcome them In the
dressing-room, where they go to remove
wraps. The bamboo rods cut between
Joints to ret etvo flower stems may be fas
tened up one or both sides of the mirror,
and a stunning effect is gained by alter
nating scarlet and white carnations the
length of 'the. bamboo. -Many other flower
holders can he bought to answer. the same
purpose. It matters very little how much
your drawing-room mirror is concealed,
let the flowers drdftn over It and be re
flected until It looks like a carnatlon-IIned
cave. But in the boudoir be careful to
leavo enough mirror space for your
guests, remembering that they care" more
tor , that " tlvSn for how many dozen car-'
nations you can afford. '
A hall mirror Is bordered with ;cd and
white carnations and banked with palms
and ferns. A Kentia palm rises at .one'
side, and near it Is a basket vase 'contain
ing more carnations. AsparagU3 vine
winds about. This is a good design for a
carnation-lunch, giving the keynote to the
decorations when \ the house ; Is first en
tered.
It is worth while to remember that It Is
15
FLORAL DECORATIONSScrlbner's was the first . of -the mag-
R. II. Russell announces that'he has
purchased from M. Edmond Rcstandrthe
American copyright of his -nev"play
"L'Aiglon" and will publish the English
translation in America simultaneously
with the publication of the took in Eng
land and Paris. (R. H. Russell, 3 West
Twenty-ninth street, New York.)
Literary Notes
In his new book George R. Sims.' author
of "Rogues and Vagabonds," draws Some
very strong pictures of the strenuous ef
forts of a ticket of leave man to lead a
new life.. The book is one which will ap
peal to lovers of clever detective stories,
for the plot is an exceedingly good one
and is skillfully covered throughout,
keeping in the dark as to its probable out
come until the climax is reached. (T. M.
Euckle & Co.; New York. Price SI 23.)
"In Lorjdon's He/art."
present, tale, while. In some respects, ; not
equal' to that of Miss Harraden, Is, how
ever, the more optimistic, and so for the
majority tho more pleasant. The story
is a continued one, and still Is of the na
ture uf a collection of short stories, .for
while, it has a distinct hero and heroine
each chapter contains In particular an
account of some person who has gone to
tho Valley to escape tho dr»ad consump
tion. The leading idea developed In all of
the stories ts that it is possible to be
cheerful and happy even when one lives
under the shadow of death. ¦ (By Annie E.'
Holdgworth. Published by . Herbert" S.
Stone, Chicago. Price $1 25.) .:
The bright career which promised for
the- young artist, Emery Leverett Wil
liams, was cut short by his death in
Xorth Dakota, some months ago. R. n.
Russell, the art publisher, ¦- who appre
ciated his genius and gave him much en
couragement in; his work among the In
dians, has ready for •publication this fall
a book of Mr. Williams' drawings of the
Stories of lost treasure are proverbially
popular. Ther^e is an unknown charm
-about the tales of hidden wealth which
to all classes of reader*. The
phenomenal success of "King Solomon's
Mines." by Rider Haggard, was proof to
this fact. The latest story of treasure
lore is called "An African Treasure."
which is a story of adventure in the In
¦terjor of Morocco. The author. J. Mac
laren Cobban, is well and favorably
knownby his previous novels. "The Red
Sultan," "The King of Andaman" and
"The Angel of ~lhe Covenant." The Xew
Amsterdam Book Company, who have se
cured the American rights to "An Afri
can Treasure," are issuing an unusually
large edition of the romance, anticipating
a great demand for the book.
Klwood Worcester, rector of St. Stephen's
Church, Philadelphia. While the book
will be written in a broad spirit, with the
intention of giving the lay man. the ad
vantages of nil the latest discoveries of
scholarship, the treatment will be thor
oughly reverent, p.nd > Dr. . Worcester's
style, moreover, Is one of sincerity and
charm. The work will be illustrated. An
Important feature. of the Illustrations v.-ill
be photographs of Babylonian monuments,
showing' the results of recent discoveries.
~. A' most convenient and at this time ap
propriate little publica^on is the pamphlet
just issued concerning the election laws
of - the State of California. ;' There : hav*
been many changes and additions in these
laws at every session of- the Legislature,
and consequently, it is very difficult even
for." the well Informed to keep all these
variations in 'mind." Even the man with
California . Eiectioo Laws.
life the greater be becomes as an artist,
and most of my prose writings liave been
toward. the goal partially ck/cribed by
that misunderstood and abused word,
realism. Tolstoi Is th« writer 1 ndmire
most of all. I've been a free lane* dur
ing most of tho time I have been (doing
literary work, writing stories and articles
nbout anything under heaven that seem
eVl to - possess interest, and selling, them
wherever I could. It was hopeless work. '
Of oil human lots for a person of sensi
bility that of an obscure free lance in lit
erature or journalism in. 1 think, the most"
discouraging. It was durinjr this period
tha t I wrote 'The Red Radge of Cour
ag'*.' It was an fffort .bornof pain—de
spalr almost— and I believe that this made
it a better pieco of literature than it
otherwise would have been. It seems a
pity that art should be a child of pain,
find yet 1 1 think It is. Cf course, we have
line writers who are prosperous and con
tented, but in my opinion their work;
would be greater if this were; not so. \lt.,
lacks the, sting it would have if written
under the spur of a great need." ("The
Red Badge .of Courage," b> f Stephen
Crane. % D. Appleton & Co., New York.
.A. glance at the chapter headings will
convince ono of the usefulness of the
hook. , Chapter 1, for Instance, entitled
"The Arrival," . describes the channel
routes most common, and the fares; man
ners at the Paris stations not up to ex
pectation; usefulness of phrases learned
at-home; the best ¦ way to proceed and
the choice of hotel. -.Titles of other chap
ters are suggestive, such as "Choice of
Living," "Servants," "Language," '.'Mar
keting and Meats," '"Climate," "Pour
boire," "Cab?," "Sightseeing," "Galleries
and Museums," "Churches," "Theater
going," "Streets and Squares,". "Shops
and Money," "Dressmakers," "Sport,?
"Suburban Trips," "French Society,"
"Exposition .of lDOO,"^. and ."Exposition
One of the curiosities is a comparison of
the normal prices with those charged this
year, H Is calculated that two women
living In tho most moderate style, and
renting two rooms will expend about $"> 75
a day. Really comfortable living, includ
ing theatergoing, will cost about S13 a day
for two. The traveler who K«»ef< to the
fair, without engaging rooms 1>eforehnnd
and who pays tho fair tlmo . price for
everything; hardly can escape for less
than $20 to $22 a day. This includes the
aters, use of cabs and -first-class, meals.
In ordinary times a lady, not French, enn
live excellently in Paris on $J a day. Even
ihcugh -well acquainted .^ith the turns of.
the city, shu can . hardly*hopc to live on
the same scale for less than S6 a day dur
ing the exposition, while the newcomer
unfamiliar wHh»the ropes will pay 53 for
the .^arae accommodations, or even $12 if
sho goes to one of tho big hotels.
to be of service" to those who contemplate
a residence of son:e time, in Paris.
The secretary of the L.os Angeles Cham
ber of Commerce, Charles I>wight Wsl
!ard. has just compiled and had published
in book form a hitter;/ of that organiza
tion. It is a. woil printed and Illustrated
work. th*» illustrations being in half-tono
ar.d comprising photographs of the mem
bers of the ' Chamber and in
teresting scenes of Southern Cal
ifornia. .Although the farcer of th's
Chamber'of Commerce covers but 'a brief
space of eleven years, it contains rr.any
unique am! Interesting elements that arc
well worth study, and Mr. WiUard has set
forth the many facts and data in a olcar
and concise way, that makes excellent
and Instructive reading. He plves us a
picture of the oarly l^as Angeles, a chap
tor on the great boom, the founding and
rnar.aRement of the Chamber, the citru3
Industry, the contest for a free harbor and
the manufacturing and oil industries. The
future work of the Chamber Is also out
lined. The history closes with aa account
of the personal history ,of a number of
members of the Chamber of Commerce
ivho have been prominent in Its work and
A History of the Los Angeles
'» •: Chamber of Commerce.
tlon for Happiness," "The. Chaff In the
Wind." "The Armor fiearer." "The King
of Glory." "God in Storm and Rainbow,"
"The Volcano In the Heart," "God's Cov
er for Sin." "The Hungrier tho Guest the
Better the Feast." "The Story of Klbroth
Hattaavah," "The Stepping Stones to Vic
tory," "The Equipment of Love," "The
Divine Use of Shame," "The Glory of
Manhood," "The Situier His Own Jailer,"
"Lighting Our Candles at Heaven's
Torch." "Lean Souls in the Midst of Fat
ness." "A Drink From an Old Well," "Tha
Tragedy of . a Useless LlfrT," "Coming
Home From Exile,". "The Mischief Mak
er's Doom," "The Harps on the Willows,"
"The King's Ferryboats," "Saul's Night
With the Witch of Endor." "Impaled on
One's Own Sword." (Published by Funk
& Wagnalls Company, New York. Price
«u0.)
McClure, Phillips & Co. have In prepa
ration for publication In the enrly fall a
work on "What We Know of Genesis in
the. Light of Modern Thought." by Dr.
W. Carew Hnzlitt has just completed
his "History of the Venetian Republic."'
its rise, its growth and Its fall. 4 which
will be published very soon in America
and England by The Macmillan Com
pany. The time cmbt'S.ced is from 421 to
tho abrupt ending of the republic in 1757.
and the work will be in two octavo vol
umes. Mr. Hazlltt has traced step by
step the metamorphosis of the barren
stretch of sand into the political center
which -for so long- led the civilized world
In manufactures, arts and science?, and
which remains perhaps of all cities tho
most*<aseinating in its architecture.
cnrlstmas story, and one that douDtless
will prove popular as a Christmas pres
ent, and will be one of the leading books
of the coming season. Aside from Mr.
Ford's story, there is to be the added in
terest of the illustrations drawn by Mr.
Christy, and with decorations by Mar-
"David end hjis Friends."
"David and His Friends" is the fifth
volume of the series of revival sermons
by Dr. I^outs Albert Bank?. It Is a com
panion to the preceding volumes, "Christ
end His Friend?." "The Fisherman and
His Friends/i -Paul and Ills Friends"
The Conquest cf Arid America.
A book v.-hi.-h is of particularly timely
interest now that so much of American
energy and wealth is being devoted to
expansion in far-off islands, is "The Con
quest of Arid America." a work giving in
a brief space a comprehensive account of
the expansion wr m:'.y accomplish in the
United State? itself by extending and de
vtJopins the irrigation of the waterless
lands lyinp M»wn the Mississippi and
the Pacific Ocean, which the author de
scribes as "the better half of the United
States."
The materials for the book were Eath^
tre<3 by ten years of life work ami study
In various parts of the west, and the
chapters deal with the Mormon common
¦wealth: the Greeley colony of Colorado;
the evolution of Southern California: the
revolution of. the plain*; the truth about
California; the new day in Colorado:
pleasant land of Utah: th<» crude strenjtth
of. ldah<i; arid Washington and Orejron:
the potential greatness of Nevada; Wy
oming, lawgiver of the arid region; the
prosperity of Montana; the awakening of
New Mexico! the budding civilization of
Arizona. There are other chapters deAl
icg with subjects allied to irrigation prob
lems, r-uch as: The surplus people; why
the people do not go with the land; col
©aixatlon with co-operative capital; col
«¦>£>¦ plans and institutions; the adminis
tration of co-operative settlements; ad
justing eld ideals to new conditions; and,
looking forward to the greater republic
Tbe author points out and makes clear
tis proposition that the true opportun
ity of the American people lies not In the
tropic islands of the Pacific and the
Caribbean, but In the vast unsettled re
gloss of their own country- Tnere is
room, as he says, for 100,000.000 of people
In the States and Territories between
the Missouri River and the Pacific Ocean.
This arid region Is the better half of the
continent. It is tlie nation's sanitarium
and tbe nation's treasure house. The
States and Territories that compose It
"ha.ve more water power than New Eng
land; more coal, iron and oil than Penn
sylvania, larger and better forests than
Maine and Michigan, and produce better
•wheat ax.d corn than Illinois and Indiana.
The lime is rapidly -»oming when they
¦w-ill produce more and better supar than
Louisiana and will revolutionize the tan
ning industry by supplanting oak and
hemlock bark with canalgre. With beef.
mutton, wool and hides they already feed'
and clothe the East- They have finer har
b&rs than Boston and New York and a
sea coast that faces a greater foreign
world."
It is a wonderful story the author tell*,
but fcc has exaggerated nothing in de
pleting what has been achieved upon thv
arid lands of the West by irrigation. To
supply that irrigation and at the same
time to conserve the waters'and* protect
tho forests of the vast region, is now, the
most important work that confronts the
ration. The little book under review win
go far toward enlightening the people of
the East upon the subject, and ought to
bare a wide circulation. ("The Conquest
of the Arid West." by William E. Smythe.
Harper Urothers, Xcw York. Price $1 jj.)
A REALLY excellent work Is that on
• The United States Naval Acad
emy," by Park Benjamin. Annap
olis, class of 1S67. It gives not
caly a complete history of naval acad
emy life, but *s so full of bright in
cident and anecdote that it makes good
reading outside of its value as a book of
reference. Some of the illustrations are
<hown on tfcis page, but really a small
number corr!Farr"d with the numerous
mars, plans and photographs printed in
the volume HFoIf. Thirty years ago there
was published by the same author an
amusing book of sketches showing life
at the L"i,iiod Fiat»s Naval Academy,
under the title "Shaking's Etchings." A
very clever work it was, too. written in
a light and catchy way. Tho present work
shows the sane pleasant style, but. of
course, deals with the subject much more
F<->ri«u*ly and comprehensively. It is s;n
excellent :iair::tive of naval cadet life
from the earliest cays of the midshipmen
cf the revolution down to the present.
Mr. Benjamin gives us an interesting
j-ic^re <>f the Rtefors of th*> war of 1*12;
aisuan account of the first attempts to
tstfblish a national naval school. His
chapter* upon the cadets of the old school
cs contr.isucd with tho moil and methods
of to-day are quite dr-lisrhtful-the mid
shipmen who had a growing taste for the
dutllo anu an exmnu- slowness of -i»ro
ixsoiion. He gives a .short history of the
founding of the Naval School at Annapolis
through the diplomatic skill of George
Bancroft^ Secretary of the Navy, without
troubling a»reluctant Congress for money:
wherein he recalls the buildings and
f;rounUs as they originally were, and the
lif» of tht.' Bddxhlpmen who first went
there. Then is reached the period when
it was necersary to appeal tp Congress for
Yx'.v and the appeal was granted through
the ability again of George Bancroft, re
*u!tinfi in the disappearance of the Naval
School to give place to the United States
Naval Academy. We are given a chance
to examine the merit role of Midshipman
George Dewey and also to know the men
who have raa<!e the naval school what it
is to-day and have added luster to Uncle
Sams record on the high seas.
The picture of Acting Midshipman Wll
li&m T. Sampson is snown on this page
end it- very intt resting when compared
with the many prints of him now in cir
culation.
At the breaking out of the Civil War
¦when the cadets were obliged to separate
and stand by the cause of the side which
they espoused, is well told— simply and
powerfully: *
"The time fcr departure ha<! come. TIip
boys from the North and the boys from
the South were finally to separate, and the
Krie-f of parting v.a? keen. • • • The
drums teat as usual for formation, and
they fell in. Northerners and Southerners
alike, witn their mess crews. Ccmmand
a.nt RoJgcrs had causi-d the band to be
present, and it played the music of the
Unirn. As tho strains of 'The Star-
Spargled Banner' and 'Hail Colutnbia'
poured forth ihe youngsters from the
South stood there with pale faces and set
t<:eth. Then Commandant Rodger? spoke
to them quietly and feelingly, and finally,
•when he had s;iid to them all that cculd
be said, be ordered ihose who s=o desired
to faM out cf the ranks. The boys from
the States that had thrown off their alle
piance left their p'.acr-s. And then came
the farewell, and it was pitifu!. The arms
cf these who wire to go to the North and
These who were to go to the South went
a'.wjt each other's neckj and the tears
Sowed, iitid iho hamls which Jater were to
be rcJsed in bitter enmity linked in a last
fond clasp. Trtn the order to leave was
given. The Northerners embarked on the
CUC which was to take them to the ship.
the Southerners made , their way home
ward a? best they cculd. and the old Con
stitution, with the flag which ehe had so
often carried to victory flying • • • stood
down the Chesapeake and laid her course
to the lo;. -il North."
In the appendix is given a complete list
of naval graduate;? from Annapolis, and
also a bandy index for convenient refer
ence. Th<» publisher* arr to be compil
mertcd upon :hc line typographical work
in this volume and altogether artistic
appearance of the book. (Published by G.
P. Putnam's Sens. Now York. Price $3 5^.)
"I can't tip any port cf work that I don't
like or don't feel like ddinjy, and I've
given up trying to do it. When 1 was at
school few of my studies interested me;
and as a result I was a ba-.l scholar. They
used to eay at Syracuse I'niversity.
wh»>rr. by. the way, 1 didn't fhv'sh the
course, that I was cut out tq be a profes
sional baseball player. And the truth of
the matter is that I wont there more to
play baseball than to study. I was al
ways very fond of literature, though. I
remember. when I was S years old I be
come very much Interested in a child
character called. I think. Little Goodie
Brighteyes. and I wrote a "story then
which I called after this fascinating little
person. When I was about 10 I began to
write for the New York newspapers, do
ing correspondence from Asbury Park
find other places. Then I began to write
special articles and short ntorles for the
Sunday papers and one of the literary
ryndieates, reading a great deal In the
meantime and gradually acquiring a styl<\
I deckled that the nearer a writer ids tx»
Messrs. D. -Appleton & Co! have just
issued a new edition of Stephen Crane's
best novel. "The Red Badge of Courage."
Mr. Crane was well and favorably known
to the reading public as newspaper writer,
war correspondent and novelist, and his
death -a short time ago was' the occasion
for the expressions' of many regrets both
in this country and abroad. He acted as
war correspondent in the Spanish-Ameri
can war,- and his Indifference to danger
has been .graphically described by some
of his. companions at Guantanamo. The
war ended, he 'returned to his home in
Kngland and died shortly after from con
sumption. Stephen Crane's book. "The
Red Badge of Courage." a realistic tale
of the Civil War. is undoubtedly his best
work, and {his latest edition, which !¦•>
printed In excellent taste, should receive
a warm welcome. In addition to a fine
half-tone -picture of the late author 'there
is Riven an interesting biographical intro
duction. The following bit. coming as it
did from the pen of Mr. Crane himself,
gives a good idea of the man and hi?
work: " •
The Ked Badge of Courage
Prices." (Published by Small, Maynard &
Co.. Boston. Price $1 25...
"The Valley of the Great Shadow" is a
story which proves more cheerful than
one might expect from the 'title. It is
reminiscent of "Ships That Pass In the
Night." The scene la Uiid at a health re
«;ort in Switzerland and the personages of
the story arc after health, TU?
(3 Story of the Alps
The latest novel by S. R. Crockett Is a
historical romance of Scotland and the
"West Indies, entitled "The Isle of the
Winds." I.Ir. Crockett's stories are al
ways good, and this one is no exception.
In speaking of if himself he describes It
as "a rollicking and. adventurous tale
after the manner of 'The Raiders.' " The
story certainly* contains enough of ad
venture and hairbreadth escapes to please
the most exacting reader of dramatic fic
tion. In a large part of-th'e book the
scene is laid in American waters, and so
has an especial * interest for. American
readers. A.« the story is in part founded
upon historical fact, the hero. Philip
Stanseld, goes under an assumed nam<\
Mr. Crockett possesses the memoirs of
the original of hi? hero and hns drawn
largely upon them for the material of this
tale. (Published by Doubleday & McClure
Company. New York. Price $1 30.)
Th3 Isle of the Winds.
a law library at his disposal would find
much trouble in being accurately, posted.
This little manual has been designed to
bring all the laws up to- date and also
by a copious and well arranged index to
facilitate to- the greatest extent the in
formation desired. (Published by Arm
strong & DeGuerre, San Francisco. .Price,
in paper, 50 cents.)
The many admirers of the writing of
Paul Leicester Ford will be delighted to
learn that in the early fall a new work
froxr. his pen will appear from the press
of Dodd. Mead & Co. It Is to De
C^O. '^Vantcd^A ilaicUmaker."- U is a
In a review of "The Criminal" _ In the
New York Medical News cf the Hth inst..
the reviewer says: '" : V'-V
"We find the book fully the equal of
that of Havelock Ellis and one of the
best we have met. not barring the classics
of Italy. France and Germany.
Coming as this does from the hlg hest
scientific and most critical medical au
thority In the land, it is cert afnly a great
compliment to the scholarly work of the
author, the Rev. August Drahms chap
lain of the State Prison, San Quentin.
azlnes to publish a special summer num
ber devoted particularly to short fiction,
and in it have appeared some of the most
notable and best remembered short
stories of recent years. The August fic
tion number for this year will be found
especially attractive, both in its stories
and the unusual number of illustrations,
as well as in the high character of Us
other features.
Sir Walter Besanfs article in the Cen
tury for August, dealing with The
Riverside -of East London: From London
Bridge to St. Docks, will
contain several striking drawings by Jo
seph Pennell and Phil May. The second
installment of the venerable Dr. Will am
Mason's "Memories of a M^^JJg
contains anecdotes or material elating
to Moschelles. Joachim. Dreyschock
Prince de Rohan, Henselt. Schind!er
("ami de Beethi^en") and Liszt.
BATTLES-By Anrle- «.
BROWN. Laird & I^e. Chicago. Edi'.«o^
de luxe, in a box, fi3.
CALIFORNIA ELECTION LAWS-
Published by Armstrong & Desuerre. S^>
Krancisco. In paper 50 cents.
MUNICIPAL, REQUIREMENTS FOR
CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE
OF THEATERS AND OTHER PLAC
OF PUBLIC AMUSEMENT. Recom
mended by Colonel George H. Men • '
and Marsden Manson of the Beard *>f
Public Works. Ran Francisco
BENEATH lUWAHAK PALMS \X&
STARS— By E. S. G«>o«lhue. The Editor
Publishing Company. Cincinnati. 31 S».
BROWN OF LOST RIVER-By Mary K.
Stickney. D. Applcton & Co.. New TorS.
51.
PINE KNOT-By William E. Barren.
D. Applcton & Co.. Ne\» York. $1 50.
SOCIAL SINNERS— By Emile A. Pa!i-- r .
The Abbey Pres». New York. \
FROM DOOR TO DOOR-By BerAi'J
Capes. Frederick A. Stores CorotW^y.
New York. $l 50.
THE REIGN OF I.A\V-By James Ur.»
Allen. The Macmillan Company, Ne-.v
York. Jl oft. • '
THE WORK OF THE HOLY SPIRIT—
By Abraham Kuyper, D.D.. LL.D.. M. r.
Translated by Rev. Henri dc Vries. Funk
& Wagnalln Company. New Y*rk. $3.
THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACAD
EMY—By Park Benjamin. G. P. Putnam's
Sons. New York. $3 50.
EBEN HOLDEN— By Irving Baeheller.
Lothrop Publishing Company. Boston.
$1 r>o.
THE WESTMINSTER BIOGRAPHIES
—ROBERT BROWNING— By Arthur
Waugh. Small, Maynard & Co.. Boston.
UP IN MAINE— Stories of Yankee JJf\
Told In Verse— By llolman F. Day. Smc, M
Maynard & Co.. Boston. $1.
. SECRETS O5* MONTE CARLO— By
William Le Queux. G. W. DUlinghaia
Company. New York.
WIDOW MAGOGIN— By John J. Jen
nings. G. W. DIUingham Company. New
York.
A GENTLEMAN* BORN— By Edward C.
Kane. G. W. Dilllngham Company. New
York. $1 50.
JONATHAN'S NEW BOY— By Pythias
Damon. T. S. Denison. Chicago. In paper
25 cents.
BooKs Received.
The volume Is now in the hands of the
Cambridge L'niverslty Press, the best cf
efforts being exerted to make it a perfect
book in every particular: and it is safe to
say that when it appears it will be a credit
to the Sign of the Lark, which publishing
house lately moved from San Francisco
and established itself In New York, at 15
East Seventeenth street.
Moreover, while the Vedder book Is il
lustrated with wash drawings. Miss Lund
borg has preferred doing her work in lig^.
and the result is a more powerful and ••"¦
curate presentation of the artist'9 Ide^i.
a curefulnesa of tellins detail a charming
delicacy and simplicity of rtyle which
could never be gained bail she used tho
brush Instead of the pen. It is this very
simplicity, sn different from the ornate
ness of the Vedder Illustrations, subtile
though they be. that is likely to make
this new edition of an ever-popular boolc
the one most desirable to Omar lovers.
In this nev.- illustrated edition of this lm
morta! pcem. which will be known to the
trade as the "Doxey" Rubaiyat. the atten
tion of nil Ruba'yat admirers is called to
the fact thp.t the Illustrations are distinct
ly Oriental. b«>t!i in conception ami in exe
cution. These Illustrations are the wcrlc
of Miss Florence Lunriborg, a California
girl, who has been studying for several
years at the Wh!?tlcr Academy In Paris,
and at other eoiially celebrated studios in
Franc? and Italy. For the past three
years she has ilevoted her attention al
most exclusively to the Rubaiyat with tho
desire to ina&e her Illustrations a stu
dent's elucidation of the text, rather than
a mere seri.-s of pleasing decorations ac
companying it.
The popularity of the Rubaiyat mad? it
necessary ultimately for illustrations to
accompany the text. With the exception
of tho?p of Klihu Vedder these Illustra
tions have heretofore becn"mon» decora
tive than thoughtful, more specimens of
artistic designing than elucidations of an
almost unfathomable philosophy.
Not to know one's Rubaiyat *3 nowa
days to argti" ones self unread. It Is a
l>o.>m which, if once taken up. will cv?r b»
lovingly returned to; the lnsinuative
music o* its lines if once hoard will echo
repeitWtly through fho h»art. No library
fa complete without it. and he who has not
yet perused it has foregone one of tho
greatest pleasures to be gaine'd by con
templative reading.
The over growing demand fr>r tho
Uubaiyat of Omnr Khayyam, that marve
lous Oriental mar-terp'eee which has a^
ftacfy been translated into every language
of the cirfltzed world, speaks elonuertf -
lor th»* appeal the translator. EdvalJ
FltzGeralii, has made to students of tfotfj
scxrs. and especially to the educated read
ers cf America and Great Britain.
This story is perhaps nnother outcrop
piig cf the current tendency to romantic
fiction, li'.it it i?« said that it has not been
influenced by any of the recent American
succcstoM in this field.
Miss Rnnkle/b the daughter of Mrs. L.
Cl. Kur.kle. a li-dy of lance titerary attain
ment?. ttcIi known by her editorial con
nection with the New York Tribune, and
as ere cf tlie working editors of tho
"Library of the World's Eest Literature"
r.n«l r>imi!-ir enterprises.
"A> Book for All Readers" is the tir! 9
of a work by Ainsworth R. Spofford. f,, r .
mer- librarian of the Congressional j.j.
brary- The title is certainly comprehe n .
slve and it is not misleading. The volume
should appeal to librarians, collect. -r*.
bibliomaniacs and book people of every
sort.
Mr. Spofford has probably during his
lifetime handled more books than any
other author in the country- He "hou; »
have absorbed, through tha covers at
least, enough experience to fill a large
tome on the subject he has undertaken.
There will b*» a chapter on the choice of
books with an eye to their exteriors; also
with reference to their interiors, though
that is a iratter to be settled between a
man and his own conscience. For the col
lector there are chaoters on the art of
bookbinding: on the existence of old
print?, folios, etc.: the student will find a
chapter on the art of reading: the libra
rian, on the art of classification andSthe
history of libraries; white in addition to
these things there is a history of copy
right laws and a diseu^s-ion of the interna
tional copyright <juestion. with a treat
ment of many other subjects rear of V"A
It is truly a book for all who wish tr>4 •',3F
readers a* well as for all who read. Th'-»
volume will appear in a short time from
the press of G. P. Putnam's Sons.
The Century Company announces tho
discovery «:* a, n^w romantic novelist in a
young New Yorker. HlM9 Eerrhn Rur.kle.
whoso mnirlen egart la to be The Cen
tury's lending piece of fiction for the next
eight months, beginning in the Aognst
number. It la described as a dramatic
romance of love and a'lvcr.ture. and I* en
titled "The H<Mmet of Navarre." Tho
scene is Paris during th-> siea* by Her.ry
of Navarre, and thf> action occupies but
four days of th^ week preceding the Sun
day when Henry entered the city to give
hfa adhesion to the Catholic church and.
accept its ecclesiastic.". I rites — tho occa
sion of his BojrlSS that Paris was worth,
a m.153. The .<tory i~> full of vigorous ac
tion, ar.cl the plot la sakl to be one of fes
c'nating interest. Among the characters
of the story arc the Kins himself. th»
T5uke of Mayenne. who commanded the
city during the investment, and a hero
and heroine of much attractiveness.
different Indian tribes entitled "An Al
phabet of Indians." showing the warrior.,
chiefs and squaws at their favorite amus^
ments and pursuits. The descriptive terr;
is written by Mrs. Williams In a nahre,
straightforward manner that attracts th«
reader and holds his interest. Mrs. Wil
liams accompanied her husband to tfc*
West and lived with him in the very heart
of the Indians: and they w§re adoptel
and truly loved by the different tribe.*
they came to know.
THE SUNDAY CALL
16
BOOK REVIEWS
and "John and His Friends." Revival lit
erature has seldom if ever received so
large a contribution from one man. Thi3
volume. "David and His Friends," con
tains thirty-onq sermens which wore
preached in the First Methodist Episco
pal Church. Cleveland, Ohio, during Jan
uary. 1500, in a series of evangelistic meet
ings. The themes had been selected long
before, and illustrations had been ga.th
fred from time to time; but each sernion
was finally outlined and dictated to o
stenographer on the doy of delivery. The
author says in hi? preface: "At the time
of their delivery they were greatly blessed
of God in the awakening of sinners and In
leading to conversion, and I hope and
pray that as they now go forth on the
printed page the Holy Spirit may continue
with them and make them an inspiration
and a help to all who come to
them for assistance in that most
blessed of all the work given man
to do, the winning of souls to Christ."
The original and practical charac
ter of these sermons is seen even in the
titles'. Here are some of them: "Th«
Beauty of Youth." "A Certain Prescript
in the development of the city; also a de
scription of manV of the enterprises which
have helped to build up that section of the
State to its presnt condition of prosperity.
(Publish^* by Kingsley-Barnes & Neuner
Company. Lojs Angeles, Cal.)
A Woman's Paris
A convenient book fcr those who have
the. opnortunitV of visiting Paris, eithe'r
during the exposition or some time later,
is ore entitled "A Woman's Paris — A
Handbook of Everyday Living In
the French Capita!." The book Is
not designed for the rich nor for
the traveler. but rather for the
American woman of, average .me am
who desires to reside for a while,
in the French capital, whether for sight
seeing or for study. As fts till el Implies;
if is a, v.ork devoted to actual living in
Paris and has many chapters on' those
lines- which will appeal most strongly to
the heart feminine. In view of the exposi
tion special chapters relating to it hnve
been adrieJ. but while valuable to the
visitor rfhose sole purpose it is to see the
fair, the intentiju nf the book is 'mainly- it would seem that they feel perfectly
capable of ruling three men. but ten men
is a different proposition, and they hesi
tate. It is 3trange that they do not know
,that an empire Is simply a village writ
large. .Wherever there are inhabited
houses ono will find thieves: this necessi
tates police appointments for the protec- .
tlon of property rights. It seems simple
to substitute in tho stead of the village
police an army of policemen, with ap
pointed leaders. Of course, with the more
numerous body the rules and discipline
must be stricter and sterner In adminis
tration. When there are civil troubles In
!a village, such as quarrels and lawsuits,
the elders decide the cases and punish th
' offenders according to the established
laws. In the same way countries must
have Judges and lawyers, and they most
Ve very numerous, for the people are
many. Time and experience lead to tho
establishment of a regular code of laws
and punishments, and those who specially
study these laws administer them, and
offenders are punished In the same way,
when -they willfully offend, as are the
school children at' the hands of the village
school teacher. The empire must look
after the education of her sons, and she
establishes the higher, middle and lower
grades of schools for the development of
her young. talent, which is to offer the
material from which later rulers are to be
selected to govern and administer the es
tablished laws. In this, or course. th»
nation by tnemselves? They are brothers.
They should not quarrel. They should
form a great coalition. At present they
but eat their own flesh. ¦ »
"Of all the nations of the world America .
is the most powerful. She is firm, stern
and prosperous, for her people are as one,
and they are bound by ties of every kind,
but all of their own making.
• "It is only when a country is so united
that it can have strength. Size, wealth
and population are but sources of weak
ness to tempt the pillager if the people
lack the cement of patriotic devotion.
' "Where is the enthusiasm of my peo
ple?" -^'i
"Their Emperor fs dethroned, and licen
tious mandarins quarrel for his seat and
usurp his power. Tet my brothers sleep.
"The founding of a company and the -
founding of an empire are practically the
same thing. In the founding of a public
company the mere rushing together of
men will not suffice. Unity of aim and
honesty of purpose must be the soul of
It. The eternal principles of law
and order ,inust be the binding
element and the foundation of an em
>.plre. In all defensive alliances of vil
lages, there 'must be administrators se
lected and . heads - appointed. Directors,
elders and constables are necessary. Just
so a country ha? its parliaments, its gen
erals and Its ministry. In the government
of a village there-must be those who rep-
I resent the law, the police control, thoso
who keep tho public account?, those who
teach the young, and the gentry who ex
amine into and direct the whole. The
same lines are followed out in the gov
ernment of a great empire. There must
be civil cfflcei e. a board o* revenue, a'
board of WAT and boards of punishments.
When America was mads Into a repub
lic th? people met and elected a ruler.
Thus it was exemplified that the estab
lishment of a council for a village and
the creation of a ministry for an empire
wore essentially the same. The only differ
ence Is that of size, one was small and
the other large. The empire has a wider
area to be controlled and the people are
more numerous. Accordingly its rules
and regulations must be more firm and
stern. While the needs of village coun
cils do not frighten the peopie and. they
do not hesitate, yet they shrink from
attempting to run a great country along
the same lines. :»
tot WLhoBe
1 100,000 .
Our Correspondent &jho ZCcs Successful in 'Obtaining on
Jntsrview Especially jcr the Sunday Call.
SINGAPORE. July L— If you wish
to understand how Kang Yu Wei
Impressed me do« not think of him
as a Chinaman, but rather as a col
lege president, or a statesman <if any na
tionality you choose. Dress him in con
ventional costume and he would pass for
a citizen of any country.
He has the broad forehead, wide chin
and largo eyes that would make him a
success as a soldier, student, capitalist,
merchant or statesman.
lie is earnest, and above all things, he
Is honest. He docs not tell you st\ nor
does any one elite. It is a word which
no one would think of applying to him.
It goes without paying.
The Chinese are usually so mercenary,
Belf-centered and careless of what poes
on about thorn, that again and again
while ho was talking to me I could not
believe that he was a Chinaman.
I met him jus=t after the recent attack,
when he came so near losing his life
at the hand of the assassia whom the
Dowager had sent to Singapore. I men-
Uooed thii to him, congratulating him
upon his escape, as a sort of introduction
to our conversation.
Jie t=aid; "I do not care for myvelC. A
man dies only once, and in the eternity
which be lives a few decades sooner or
later make no difference. At the present
doc I have work to do. I live for that
and not for myself, and what is more,
I knew that I fhall live for it. I feel
that my life is safe until my work Is
done. It is in the hands of Providence.
Huge as my task may seem, I feel that
I shall accomplish it.
"My four hundred million brothers t*
pether. people the largest empire that the
world has ever soon. Never before, in
ancient times cr modern, was there a
people so numerous as ours. Never has
there been one apparently so weak.
"Our empire is becoming dir-membeivd.
We are slaves under foot, and powerless
as the f-ands of the pea, for much the
same reason. Kind the sands with cement
and you have a concrete monoMth which
defies the apfs, growing harde/ with the
centuries. IJind jhc Chinese with the
remer.t of awakened patriotism, and our
nation will become a rock invincible.
"A little thought will show that our Chl
pese p'a:i for themselves alone. They
place the welfare of the empire outside of
their thoughts and say, 'The cares vi
tfovrrnm^nt arc none of ours.'
"For that reason, though we have indi
vidually wealth, wisdom and courage, the
empire as a whole is poor, foolish and
cowardly, and whatever the strength of
the Individual, the decay of cations origi
nates from this personal attitude of mind.
'"No empire can represent its people un
less the leaders unite and stand firm. In
this way those^who are born in the king
dom will enjoy the blessings thereof, as
the «c:is eiijoy the ar.ees>tral home of
their fathers. ,/• '
"The sarae rules apply In both esses. The
citizens of a rich cpuntry partake of the
prr>oi:ce,of Its wide acre?. Those of a poor
city will not possess land enough to stick
tin awl In. A man born in Burmah^or
Korea, places without inines and com
merce,'cannot produce wealth and enj<?y
it. But the Chinese have mines without
limit. They qould supply the mineral for
the earth. Th«->y have an extensive and
profitable Internal commerce, and are
therefore in a position to obtain and en-
Joy the blessincs of life.
"Yet thc!r mines are useless to theri.
The people pass their lives In distress
ard r-ovcrty. while Kngland and France
have within their control the mines, rall
ways and steamers of other countries.
They invent and construct and so increase
their wealth.
"Take, again; the case of the individual.
If a man's family property is dissipated
his descendants must Buffer ' distress.
Having no regular income, they hire
themselves to others and becomte -slaves or
mentals', enjoying no rights and sharing
no property.
"When an empire is powerful lives and
property within its borders are safe. The
weakness of an cmnJro Is the danger of
every person and bit of property therein.
"When 1 try to awaken my people they
say: This Is no personal affair. of mine.
It cannot concern me. I will not take any
diction about It.' I have said to" their:
'Oh, my brothers, we cannot act thus.
"I will say this: As soon as I can male?
my people understand that their empire
belongs to them and not to their rulers.
"You ask of nie, what is the remedy?
"We ir.ust not be surprised when you
of the white raco fix your eyes upon ua
and laugh. While we are fighting each
other with both fists your people, will
come quietly and seize us all.
"When the bittern and the oysUr
wrangle the fisherman gets them both.
"The man who looks selfishly after hini«~
oeir, his family or clan, is not the Ideal
man. His eye is on his personal interests,
to the bread whole he is blind. Eager to
discuss his parents he knows not how to
consider the welfare of his fatherland. He
can combine in the interest of small mat
tors, but not on behalf of that of great
importance, yet it 5s. as though his hands
and feet had a quarrel.
"As It Is wit'.i the parts of China, so
with the members of her race in foreign
parts. Each but for himself.
"Sec China. A disunited mass of prov
inces, districts and villages. There Is rio
xnutu&l understanding between them and
therefore is one no protection to the other
and the strength of all is no nioro than the
Btreactli cf one.
"Whi'e we are thus apart the othir
tares cf ire world have been fast b|ndfng
themzelycV The United ¦ States— what
power had they until they became united?
What v"H of Great Britain could for a
day maintain alone its frccicni? Ger
many? Again the same. •/
"Thouch we are hur.Orcds of millions,
oacn wcrks as thor^h he were but cnc.
and our strength 1$ no greater.
"Alas, the gritf and pity cf it thatMn a
time like this they should think but cf
themselves. . ,<?.-
"In the past while, we were yet brothers
we shared In the perquisit-s of the clans,
worshiped in the halls ct our. ancestor.-"
and partook cf a'.l of the slory of the crr.
l'lre. /
"My brothers in America quake with
fear. They are driver, back .and tortti
with insult and ignominy. Yet will they
not face the quest.or.. Their do not recug
r.ise the difference between free peoplo
and slaves. \Vt2o their ;-:herland that
they ho!<2. so dear is be'.r.c stolen away
from them they think but of the aVvar.-.
tage of painful traOe.. .and' will not *eo
ihtt their first duty is to save their em
pire, lest they become wanderers upon the
earth, with no place to lay their bones.
"2Zy peoplo art- cUcgicc blindly to thc»
ar.tlquattd tur.tcrss ar.u lewi of their an
cestors, ur.cor.££ious that by so dains,
they arc allowing therr: selves to be sola
to alien races.
VCiirteC all ct the forty centuries of our
history we heve been threatened with
no danger like this.
"'Those who would negct'ate the sale act
r.s t^ou^h the nation were their property.
"Xow, rny people, prospects and prop
erty ere betas bartered to strangers. We
shall sbo3«fce no longer free, but a race
cf tcri'mcn.
*"UntU recently the people of China have
share*! individually ti the glory of t^eir
country. In the past when the rulers
were of our own race, the people had lit
tle concern in their change, for they were
cne with the. people.
"I have paid: *Oh. my brothers, how can
you with joyful hearts go into activity?
Have you become so dense aa not to see
the fate awaiting you, while Ibefore your
*ye%. there Is an awful example of the
selfishness of the Jev.-s,- who have, by
their own personal" avarice, enriched
themselves until they have ' be
come the usurers. of . the earth; but they
have lost their country.. And what profits
it a man, though he should gain the
world. If he have no native land?
They hold extensive property, but they
are cast out of all nations, and a race
without a country is like a man without
a horac.'
we have hearts and sense of Justice, but
we do not understand that the empire is
our own great public patrimony.
" "The rulers have all along Wrongfully
tausfal u* to regard It. with its commerce
and interests, as their private property.
We have become slaves and coolies. The
branches of our great family are Ipnor
iint that they should have responsibility.
They have come to regard themselves
as chattels. Their rulers sell their fathcr
land ar.il their lives, and they are content
to earn their daiiy wages, if only they can
b6 protected from molestation.'
gy James %. Silioit
-^—^l^ANG YU WEI, the Modern Sage,
—rjgj^ 'TA* * s the man who woke up China-.
gSJ?^ JffiV He lt WcS w^° counse^ ed t ne
j3^3gfeg£ young Emperor when he -made
<pgBE5gg all of the reforms which awoke
the sleepy Chinese and Indirectly
precipitated the pre:ent condition of affairs.
; By the advice o* the Sage the IVIidd&e Kingdom
was to step in line with the rest of the na=
lions of the world, buy ships and gains, build
railroads and factories and establish liberal
newspapers and schools.
Bui the Flowery Kingdom is contro'ied by
an aristocracy of classic literati. 7 fa saw
that Kang's success would be thenr down=
fall. The Dowager Tsi Hsl performed a very
creditable coup by which she placed Kwamg-
Su in 'prison and .cut the heads off many
reformers, Kang barsSy escaping with his life.
Under protection of the British Qovern=
intent he organized the powerful Po Wcng
Woey Society for preservation of the empire,
which has now hundreds of thousands of 'mmem=
bers and millions of t£e!s in nicney tX its com=
maud. . •
Kang's headquarter^ Is at Singapore, He
has probably at the prsssnt time m)re p3w jr
than any othVr om Chjrjisij living, d^sp te the
fact thai the Empress offers osi2 hundred
thousand taels for his head.
Personal Talk With Kang Hu Wei
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The records of the Geological Survey In
Washington establish, the fact that the.
loftiest known mountain In North Amer
ica is Mount McKinley in Alaska, about
20) miles from the shore of Cook Inlet.
The aboriginal name of the peak is Tra
lega. It is 25.464 feet high. This is not far
from the elevation of Mount Chimborazo,
the highest peak of the Andes, and is 2«ii
feet greater than that of Mount St. Ellas,
which was at one time believed to be
Americans loftiest mountain-
I cannot reproduce the quaint expres
sions' of his language, but more than all
the lack is In the difference between hi3
wonderfully dramatic recital and the cold
appearance of the written words.
He ceased speaking as one who had shut
a book. Drawing hi3 long sleeves back
he folded his hands within them and
bowed his head " In thought. His wound
still pained and yet he would not hear of
taklnc re>:.
"On the other hand. If we remain in
different, drifting on as we are. separate
ly and disunited, each small clan or
guild can accomplish nothing. How, then,
can China be exalted to her true position?
I stand for the coming together in unity
and understanding of the 5.0CO.00O Chinese
emigrants, to show the heart to save.
China, I urge that each man stand with,
his fellows. Joining in one great whole,
to rescue her from her chaos and confu
sion. If they are willing to save China
they may yet do so. Their ignorance and
disunity is all their misfortune. The sim
ple apprehension of the difference be
tween gain and loss would make this
great public task easy of accomplish
ment. Let a man stab ua with a knife,
or run us through with a sword. Do wa
remain Indifferent? In a fire or a ship
wreck every one would be greatly con
cerned, and trying to save life. la a fall
ing empire to be disregarded?
."Still. my country steeps.
."I have but one voice and her eara ara
far away."
"China's 5.0CO.00O outside brothers cannot
unite on any fixed plan, because they sit
in Idleness and allow others to do with,
them as they will, leaving themselves to
be devoured as fish and flesh. Fear la
the only thing they can be made to feel
In getting and losing. The yellow race is
overwhelmed by calamity. Th!s 13 be
cause our common laws have not united
us In the past. Even now it would not
be too late, If we would unite on any Im
perial line of conduct, and If our race*
would only do so it might yet win for
Itself glory. If those 5.000.000 would but
unite there would not be in reality a new
China, only the firm, stern administration
of our common law. In this way power
and success would come to us and wo
would become stable.
"In the government of an empire the ex
penditure for armies. Its education, Jt3
administration, amounts to enormous
sums.. Every year the government parlia
ment-carefully considers the subject and
votes the needful funds, the money re
quisite for supplying these funds being
raised by a definite pro rata. estimated
according to rule. By following this ad
mirable plan a country grows larger day
by day. until It exercises great power and
Influence. Now, in tHe councils and guilds
of villages there Is no fixed rule, and tho
raising: of funds follow no rigid principle,
and. therefore, the ruling Is really false
in, application. There is no unity, either
of mind or of heart, and because of the
loose carrying on of affairs dissatisfaction
often arises among the people. In the
governing of an empire this loose plan
would not do at all.
grades must be very firm and fixed. The
handful of people that can. control a vil
lage must be Increased many times In tho
governing of an empire.
that each owns a share of it as hi3
patrimony, then wilt they refuse to allow
the courtesans and concubines * of -the
rulers to sell the public estate. Our em
pire is weak and is being divided. ' Otht.r
countries 'are not quarreling,, with our
rulers, but are bargaining with them for
our empire. 'In the' face of this must I
stand with my hands folded or else be
called a rebel?
"No. We E0113 of the yellow emperor
must stand united in the one family to
which we belong.. Manchuria and Tibet
must not be taken. Were four, hundred
million to strike as one Who would dare
the blow? .
"But there is a class of progressive Chi
nese. I' mean those who have emigrated.
They are nearly all from Kwangtung and
there arc . five million of them- scattered
A Photograpb TaK^n ib Singapore, Where He Is ir) Hiding.
j<an5 yu w^t.
over the world. One hundred thousand of
them that f.re In the United States—al
' most as many as there ~ were of
the Boer . nation. Of those over
tho world there are seven times
as many cs all the people of Den
mark; yet Denmark; preserves, herself
among the greedy nations of Europe.
Then why are there not enough 'of my
people outside of China to make a stronc
17THE SUNDAY CALL.
18' I. . *ilK¥ pat in the summer twilight, on
on the perch of an c'ul-fashioncd
ii farm house— an old, . pladd-taced
woman, and a sweet young ;r:ri.
••Yes. I'll tell you 'bout It." the cl<V
woman was saying. *fcr It 'pours I cain't
jr.t my irtir.d off'n Cynt an' Afcrasi. when
these jrcre Iour surr.ir.er cv'am's come*
'rour.d. an' ft sorto casrs my heart f>r to
Inlk 'bout 'cm. CjTlt — we a!H:s called - er
Thet, V.ut "eriruo tiane wuz I'ynthy Ann—
she v:u3 "s purly "s a plciur'. v.itli 'er
wavy, lrov.n hafr b.rt' brown eves an" rosy
checks, but, Jack-a-day! T!;at don't ?ive
you no Idy'hdw she looked. I 'lowed I
oould tell ycu 'bout Cynt so's you could
Tfr> >r as 1 see "er. Uut dear me, Suz!
It nin't" r.o usa to try. Don't you know
fOT.o lYiUis 's pet a look 'bout 'em you
cain't describe? An" Cyat wtis erne o*
them there k:r.d. I reckon she wui good
jest c'cjin. plumb throush— »uz Cynt.' an"
It showed otrt p" ev«r' blessed bit o* 'er. I
never har'iy tie thet gyfl when* s-h<>
wuzn'1 a Tl,::ilv:-.i" ,..' some one else 'or
a-doin* good ter someone. But Cynt wuxn't
poody-groody. La no! Bb« shnweil 'er
(lijnplc* "bout half ti".« time I reckon;
L>r;ifl\\ayp, all *>ho bo>TS in the ralley
VU2 d<.Mtl in love with 'or, 'an mad-like at
cue anotiier. Even my ?c<n Abram, he
vjs thet pot on tnnrrytn' 'or, you never see
the beat in all ycr life. You sec it tmuz
Tl::-:,w.iy. I'<1 raised Cynt— she bein" sent
out with it lot 6" orphans from Now York,
¦when fhe wuzn't but 'bout three year old.
Shod her. with me poln' on 'bout seven
tees years: nn' her j?n' A^ram hnd went
to school together an" ben like brother an'
sister l;11 tbet UrncJ
"< y::t »uz alias uv a relipious turn.
a-s:oi:i' 1>> bncetln' an' a-playin' the organ
r.:.' eech-llke; but A'.iram, he didn't tako
ro Ktock in mwtin's. an' '• I v;uz ailin*
righi smart tbetn days. Cynt; she'd most
ly come hmiie with Beach's f"lks. th»t
lived a half mile tother side o' us. We'd
got a new preacher thct si>ring. a slim
young felltr jest out o" college they tol*
nae; an' a handsomer, cr taWn'cr chap,
I never ece in all niy days. I see 'im a
v.-a:kiM' iiomf- irom meetin' with Cynt,
time an' atrin thet summer; sometimes a-
Etaodln' at the Bate u-talkin', er some
times fcrcoinln' into the parlor for to git
Cynt to try a r.cw S::n-Jay School piece er
seen like:' Hut La! Cyni hed lots o'
comp'ny them tiny?, an' we never paid no
'lention to ther ccmic' an' Koin's.
'* 'Ma,' Fay? Aliram to me one morning.
We wuz out to the milk-hou-e a skimmln'
milk. I rntnd it like t wuz yestenlay.
thoviph it's- thirty year, come next Aprile.
'Ma.' says-ee. slow-like, fer he allus
drav'^d 'is -words. *1jo you reckon Cent's
Etude i;p?' I could hear Cynt a-singin',
happy 's a yuien. In the kitchen, a-wash
iri uj> the brtakfnst thlng-s. 'La: No.'
Abram. ' fays I. .^urprisfd like, 'what ever
put BeCb a notion into yer head?"
" "Oh. I dun-oo.' says-ee: "you know
ther's no Itilin' who 'cr folks Is. Cynt
don't lock iicr aek much like the gyrls
hereabout*. * Slur's tncrfi like them ther
tdgh-toced p>t1s 1 to tbe city, a-sittin"
up in th«.r One carriages.' '
•• 'Now thet tfaer preacher chap, tie
•pearsrfer to be snore like Cynt's kind.
They Bay he's iHus a-readin" a book jiint
like Cynt 'and's pet Bne 'alra an' good
gran.:::ar u'.i' oh-iike.'
" 'Yes.* fays I, 'an' Cynt say? he's
a-goin' to learn cr Latin when he comes
back. He's ijor.e away for to study, 1
heerd.'
" '\V< !].' pays Abram. after a-con
.' ,i speU, '1 ain't a-keerin' how
rr.u rh leamln* ehe' gltt. she'll allus be the
game < yi.t to me. -Vn' I'm williu'to with
<:raw them there words 'bcut 'cr bein'
s-tuek up; but 1 do say's how she's dif
f r> ::t Crozn us. an' you cain't say truth-
I : :. u, irut what she Is.*
"N'T no more 1 couldn't. Cynt wuz dif
ferent. I see it the <iay she iirst come to
the farm an' I'd seed it over' day senee —
thoupa she shore never kr.cwed it; an' 's
=he wet s'oh store by both o' us I felt my
Abram hed 's good a show to get 'er 's
any ycur.gr feller Jn* the valley, an' I wuz
miphty tickled when I see him 'gin
a-makm' up to 'er.
*'Hov.=orr.« tcr'l pot juberous after bit,
fer Cynt s-he 'poared never f<^r t^> want to
be left alone with Abram, an' wuz iiilus
a-t.-iggin' at my
hods whcn«'v.:r Ab
ram come a-r-iph '*>*.
I wuz a-Kittin"
mighty anxious fer
to bev the thing
over one way or J^^^
"ON THE ACCOUNT
OF CYNT".
AN OLD WOMAN'S STORY.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
19
marry you. fer I'm a-go:ng* to 'marry
Abram Barker.' Them wuz th-j very
words she said an' a lot more I reckon,
but I never heerd no mnr-\ I cre;>' out
to the kitchen, a trimblin" like a l<^at" an"
wuz a-sitting ther trying- to think what
'twas best to do. when Afcram come In.
'* 'Where's Cynt?' s««tys *>e, a-ki>sin c.\'
not a-nqticln' anything wuz the matter.
'On the front porch,' says I, 'a-talkln' to
the preacher.' 'So, he's come back." says
Abram grinnin'. "Well. 1 reckon Cynt'U
engage Mm fer to join us.*
" 'I reckon,' says I. Then Abram put
on Ms overalls and went out to do Ms
chores an' I begun to git supper. IVrect
ly Cynt she come out an' set the table.
She laughed an' talked moren I'd see 'er
fer months. I didn't know what to
make uv 'er. It 'peared like she wuzrft
still a minute. As soon as we got the
supper things done her an' Abram .«et
off to drive to town to a sociable. Ahram
&aid. I mind jest how Cynt looked in 'er
white muslin dress an' blue sash— as
pretty as a picture. An' I mind Abram,
too, an' the happy look in Ms face when
he tol' me good-by. After they wuz gone
I set in the kitchen quite a spell a-consid
erin' what wus my duty to 'em both. By
and by I come to the conclusion I'd haf to
tell Abram. an' I made up my mind the
sooner 'twuz done the better fer all
parties, so I decided to do it jest as soon
ps they got back. I come dut on the
porch to wait »er "em an' think what I'd
say to Abram so's not to clean break Ms
heart. You see. I wuz puny juberoua
'bout the outcome — understandin" Abram's
nature so well.
"They wuzn't gone above two hours an*
a. half when I heerd "em drive into tho
barn gate. Abram, he stonned at tho
back gate and let Cynt out an' then druv
on to the barn. I heerd Cynt come in
the tacK way an' go up to 'er room an'
after a bit I heerd Abram step in the
kitchen. I knowed he wuz huntin' me.
but I wuz scch a coward 1 never moved,
tninkin', fool-like, to put off a-tellin' Mm
till mornin'. It 'peared like I jest couldn't
tell 'Im now he'd come. But when he be
gun to call me I hed to answer, an* then
he come out on the porch. D'rectly he set
down long side o' me. I see sumthln' wuz
a-miss. but I kep' .still a trimblir.' all
over.
' "All to enct he blurted out, 'Ma, Cynt
an' me 's married."
" 'Shet yer mouth! I know better!' I
hollered, plumb took a-back an' har'ly
a-bellevin' my ears.
" 'Yes, 1 says-ee, "We air fer a fac* But
it wuz all Cynt's doln's. I knowed j'ou'd
feel bad— not a-knowln'— but Cynt, she
would hev us git married to onet.'
" "But Abram,' says I, clean out o' my
head, fer the time beln*. 'She wuz prom
ised to the preacher.' I blurted it right'
out afore 1 thought, but I reckon I wuzn't
die whenever he
wuz in the house,
nn' could eat as
hearty a meal's vic
tuals as he over et
in Ms life.- But Cynt.
she didn't 'pear fer
to pirk up much. It
wuz' 'long in August
then, un' she said
sue reckoned 'twuz
the- hot weather
made her feel So
rorely. Dear me!
\Ve wuz blind'en
bats them days. I
thought mebbe "twuz the hot weather, fer
she seemed cheerfulllke, never sccmin' to
cry no more, ner'to want to be off by her
self, but stayin' mostly 'long with me an'
Abram.
"So time. passed on, Cynt a-gittin" paler
an' paler every day. an' me a-dopln' 'er
with calomel an" sassyfras an' sech. like
till It come 'long: in airly fall. 'Twiiz one
September afternoon, 'long 'bout f o'clock.
I reckon,' I wuz'a-settin' at the front room
by the open winder a-darnin' Abram's
pocks, when I heerd a knock at the front
hall door. The shelters wuz shet, but I
could see through the slats: t'wuz the
preacher; an' I wuz jest a-pittin" up to go
to 'the "door when I heerd Cynt run clown
the. stairs. D'reckly I heerd 'cm tallcln'
right under my winder, so I knowed Cynt
hed set Mm down on the porch— this very
porch we're settln' op now, mind you.
1 wuz makin' haste to gether up my darn
in' to go back to the dinin'-room, wh«?r. I
heerd somethin' that kep' me still. It wuz
the preacher a-asting Cynt ef she still
loved Mm an' minded *er promise to go off
to Chiny with. Mm t"o be a missionary.
He wuz a-goln' Qn jest like they do in
books, a-usin' big words an" 'a-tellin' "tr
over an' over." how he loved "er, wlu-n
Cynt. she said; "Hush.' solemn like.
" 'Yes. I mind my promise,* say she. 'I
mind it well. I love you, - but I cain't
rightly responsible, be-in" so flustercd-
Uke.
'• 'Ma, 1 "=«'-s Abram, yo'rc Joktn.'
" 'I wfohl I wuz,' says I. Tht-n I hed to
toll "im what I'tl heer?d on tM porch thet
afternoon an" when I Rot through. I near
ly hed a s")fll a-thinkin' what a plumb
fool I wtrs fer not n-Keenin' my mouth
shet. But Ahram, he jest set a-starln'
down at the floor fer. a Ions time, not
a-sayin" n word. Then he got up slow
like an' picked up Ms bat.*
" '1 reckon 1M best Kit out in the cool,*
he says. 'I reckon I'll walk a spell.'
" 'Abram.' says I. 'you'll bear it lik« a
man, fer yer o:' ma'i ?ake,' I says. But
Abram. ht' jest kissed nv- an" walked down
the steps an' thet wuz the la. at I ever see
'im alive. We couldn't Kit no trace uv
Mm "til mornin', when they found Ms hat
on the bank o' the crick. Ills marriage
license wuz folded inside o* it. an' he'd
writ these words on the back. 'Ma, I done
it on account of Cynt.' "
Here the old lady paused and seemed
lost in sad memories.
"And Cynt." queried the young girl,
"Did Cvnt so to China?"
"Cynt? La! No. Ther'3 Cynt's pave
down in the garden, long-side Abram's.
Cynt she wuz tuck with brain fever an'
died three weeks after Abram. But th.9
preacher, he went off to Chiny. It's him
thet bought the crave stone. He helt
out fer havin" jest 'Asleep in Jesus' on
Cynt's stone, but .1 out a nice verse on
Abram's." The old lady quoted softly
In sing-sons tones:
"Young man, pause, as you go by.
'S you air now. fo onct wuz I.
"S I am now. so you will be. '
Prepare to die an' fuller me."
tether, ro I takes things into my own
hands; an* one cvenln', when I knowed
Al;ram was a-workln" out to the bam by
hissclf I sends Cynt out ther of a errant.
She wuz gone Quito a spell an' I see f er
eyes wuz red when she come in. fer all
she v.-i:: a-laujrhin" an' mukin' out to be
tw>vla' big fun a-rompin' with the dogs.
She went straight up to 'cr room and
never come down agin thet evcnin'J
When Aliram brung the- milk in I see. to
or.ct she'd refused 'im; h<? wasn't never
n<> hand at hidin' his feeUn's. I never
said a word to Abram. but went out in
the ptintry an' shot the d/or. I wuz
a-settin' ther, a.-havin' a. gooJ cry into
my apcrn. vvhpn I hecrd the door open,
a*i' in 'coinc Abram. He i>>H down on a
"kit o" roack-ral an' toV mo all 'bout U.
He tor me havr she s=aid she couldn't
never, .marry 'im, but wujs a-srein" off to
furrin' i>.'iu " fr-r tobe o missionary. an 1
work in the vineyard o" the 1-oj.l.
•' 'Fid£lesUcftu<,' says 1. bein.' plumb
boat a-hearin' spch tonirfollcry from
Oynt. 'She'll be ct up by them heathen
ciinnlbuls an'. nCVer live to Jell the tale.'
An" then I cried harder'n ever, fer nei'
to Abrajri I loved Cynt bettcr'n any one
c!^o in tho" worM. an' 1 wuz act on
a-luivin'.Cyttt .an' Abram to run tho farm,
and me to live out iriy.ujys In peace" With
them I loved. Eu; Abram. he jest set
ttVA a-starin' cut c&th«* winder. I'd a-fell
Uettet fer to c co f 'im take on a bit; but
Ab:am he tuk aft.r 'is pa, thetaway.
;;< vr-r. sheddin' no tears 'bout nothln'.
" "It, fits' t no Rood a-cryin' ner a-talkin',
ma." says-ee. 'I ain't the fir.<t she's re
fus.d, ner yit the last: an' 1 reckon I '.tin
stii:;<l it. ef the rest kin.' an' with thet. he
Kiir.::io :i kiss an' went out. After, 'bit;
1 heerd im go out to tho barn, an" be
didn't come In 'til locc after 1 wuz in bed.
¦•Abram v.uz my otily child, an' a better
boy never livvd, ef I do say so mysc'f, an'
1 ji-^t couldn't a-bcar to see 'im so cut
up like. Fer aWhi!«*-I wuz reel put. out
at Cynt fer gittin' f=ech fool missionary
.^tufC into 'er head— 's though ther hedn't
enough fool? ben ft Up a" ready, by them
cannlbula an' v.Tid beasts, but Cynt she
wuz powerful set in 'cr ways, an' I
kr.owtd. rt she'd made up "er mind thrt
a-way. it wvzn't no use to argify, so I
kep' my mouth shet.
"One mornin' I come on 'er. in the milk
hous»». a-.-fbbin 1 like "er heart 'u'd break.
'It's about Abram,' she said. 'I only jest
love 'im like my brother, an' I'm so sorry,
but I can't heli) it. An* mebl-e he'll git
over it. But you'll iove me jest the same
any v.v.y, won't you. Aunt Ti'.'.y?' she
begged. *I didn't' try fer to git 'im to
love me and you won't blame me.'
" 'No. no, jchild,' says I. a-strokln' "er
purty hair, an' a-wipln' 'er eyes. 'I
won't blame you no more, an' I'll love
you jist the same. But "s fer Abram ever
prittin' over it. I dunno 'bout thet. Abram.
he don't fergit "s quick "s some.' Then I
turnt an' went in th<* house, fer ther wuz
a lump In my throat, an' I felt my own
tears a-comin".
"An' so things went on— Abram a-jjoin'
off by hisself an" takin' notice o" no one,
an' Cyr.t.off by herself, a-prayin'. I reck
on. Abram usen to set 'round the barn
after he'd git "is chores dene, a-whittiin'
a old'Ftick. er mebbe jest a-starin' at the
pround an* not a-fayin' .i word to no one.
Some." days he'd go off an* mebbe be gone
aH.aay;:r,erteiidin' to-ttsb, but he 'never
brung ho rish home with 'im. It nigh "bout
Bet me wild to see 'im so changed-like,
an' him allus so jolly an into ev'ry merry-
Riakin' in the neighborhood. An' Cynt.
she pot pale an' slim as a. racer an' nary
et enough to keep a cat alive. I declare
I wuz plumb distracted 'twixt the f.vo uv
'em. ~n" .1 reckon It ain't no wonder I
tuck down hystericky— bein' a.lus nervous
liko. them days. I reckon I tuck on awful,
fer Cynt— her an' Abram— wuz plumb
Fkrered out o' ther wits an' sent fer ol'
Doc Smiley over to
the Corners. Doc
he give me some
I>ov.ders an' it put
me to s>cp, an' nex* \
mornin' when I V,
waked up ther wuz \\
Cynt an' Abram, \W -^ ,.
a-s=tandin' side the "\>/
i)ed, a-holdln' hands \ yj .
at me, sweet as you v. »\\
soon's I could pot
my r>rea.th, 'what —^c^sw^
(3ofR this here mean, / v ~-
ATsram Karker?' f \
" " Why ' ma '' 8ayS - WtS \ \
oe, gr!nning-likc, 'it means Cynt'a dono
changed 'cr mind an' ain't a-goin' 10 be a.
p.ifsionary.'
" 'Cynthy Cumminps.' fays I, 'do you do
this here o" yer own free will?'
" !Yes,* says she. quick as a flash] 'I
couldn't a-bear to leave you an' Abram.'
•• 'The Lord be praised,' says 1, *thit
thor's one less to be et up by them can
nibuls.' An' with this I wuz like to go off
in anotlier spell, when Cynt she give mo
another powder an' set down 'long: Blda o"
the bed an' motioned fer Abram to draw
the phadea an' go out. '
"\V*11, 1 wus soon up an' round, an' wo'I
as Commoru An' you never could thir.k
what a change there wuz in thet" ther
house. Abrajn wuz like a diff'rent. person,
a-laughin, an' jokin' an' a-playin' Ms fi.l-Basil .• Crump and a longlist of others
does not: turn " the • Leader to a different
course." ¦ ¦ -.¦• ¦ ¦ ....- •¦- - /¦¦ ;„, .¦, . ..-,/ .
The leader -and official head - blandly
states that 1 this is a "weeding-out time" ;
that under the strain of .the. end <• of the
.....-„¦ ...
century many could not get beyond the
door,- which was closed upon them,: thus
retarding their development.
Again it is said that they "got. too close
to the center"— which none 'will gainsay
. Bit byibit .the,, pedestal upon which
Katherine A. Tingley poses as a goddess
mbU S s away " "remains to be seen
m»mK? r sh m cai ? Tehui^ Hi whether new
members will take the places of the old.
r, >t no lv a . n . d the e°ddess topples, there Is
no doubt that she will find a soft spot on
L£T ALL &0W TWlfc HEADJ^TO THt 5UPRErit # eULetr
OF THE- UttlVe^JAl: ; BROTHP-feHOOD
on tho street, not to open letters from
them.
Many books on theosophy have been
written by members of the Universal
Brotherhood — books "which- are an ac
knowledged guide so long as the author
remains faithful to Katherine A; Tingley.
But if the author leaves the society his
book is condemned as a "connecting link
with the dark forces*" and must no longer
be read by the faithful.
These instructions are as the will of a
Supreme Being. In temporal matters the
leader and official head is an autocrat;
in thinjjn spiritual no less than a god.
She holds her?elf absolute and infallible.
From her judgment there is no appeal.
And she considers it the duty of every
member of the society to report to her
any criticisms by other members.
At mention of her name in any meeting
all must rise and stand with bowed heads
for three minutes.
The rise of Katherine A. Tingley hap
pened in Chicago In February. 1898, when
the Theosophical Society of America held
a convention for the election of officers. .
A well-laid scheme, a committee report
rushed through.' a stampede by the Ting-
Icy followers and Universal Brotherhood
was proclaimed with Katnerlne A. Ting
ley as leader and official head and tha
Theosophical Society as a literary depart
ment of the new organization. The stroka
was a bold one, but it carried.
There was no mincing matters, as the
following articles of the new-made con
stitution show:
"There «hall be one supreme office In
which shall reside paramount authority
regarding all matters which concern the
welfare of the brotherhood.
"The title of the person filling this of
fice shall be 'leader' and 'official head.*
"The leader and official head of this
organization is Katherine A. Tingley.
"The person filling this office shall serve
for life or until her or'his resignation.
'The person rilling this office shall ap
point hor or his successor."
Continuing, the constitution provides
that the leader and official head shall
have sole power to appoint all officers and
agents, with power to remove any or all
of them at her discretion; to declare the
policy and direct the affairs of the broth
erhood; to cancel .or suspend the charter
of "any subordinate .lodge, and to suspend
or dissolve the membership of any person.
That the treasurer shajl receive and dis
burse all moneys as directed by a finance
committee, whose . acts are void j and of
no effect when disapproved by the leader
and official head; that the leader arid of
ficial head may call a congress at any
time and place : for' the consideration of
any matters connected with the welfare
of the brotherhood, the leader and official
head to have power to prevent the discus
sion of. or action on, any subject which in
her j&dgment is against the welfare of the
brotherhood.
, The minority of delegates at the Chl
'cago convention (the committee, report
was not adopted unanimously, as alleged)
'held a meeting, declared that 'the: majori
ty had abandoned the Theosophical Socie
ty in America, filled vacancies on the ex
. ecutivo committee and the society con
tinued as before the convention, v
The president of this society, J. .D. Buck
of Cincinnati, who was a. delegate to the
convention, recently wrote a stinging let
ter, to a doubting. Thomas, 1 * who could no
longer follow Mrs. Tingley. but who could
not see clearly-his^duty to himself. The'
letter read In part:
"If I did not make the mistake so many
• made at Chicago >t was because I had
more ample opportunity of judging and
knowing what was -being done, and how.
false it was to every ; principle of the
osophy and deliberately unjust and un
•brotherly. I did not leave the" platform
at Chicago till this fact had been demon
strated. '
strange, circilar. domed, skeleton struc
ture may prompt a question which will
receive no answer. There are mysieries
in the city of Esotero.
Over yonder, where two square stacks
of stone .mark the gateway, is a corner
stone, which as yet supports only a flag
staff, from which floats by day the broth
erhood banner, while at its top by night
a beacon burns.
And this is all. except in the distance
two or three cheap frame houses— the
Colony. Any hamlet might boast such
architecture as this.
The citizens of Esotero look askance
at the stranger. Indeed, they half mis
trust one another. Insincerity. deceit.
Buspicion are in the air. The life seems
false and artiMcial.
• During the pleasure of the ruler of Eso
tero its citizens are not less than pris
oners. There are no chains nor bolts nor
bar?: but the citizens may not come or
go at will. They have no will. Kept in a
neutral state by loss of sleep, by awe and
fear and a sen?e of mystery, they bend to
the will of their whimsical ruler, who
commands and countermands in a breath.
All mails are censored; conversation is
restricted; books must be approved.
When the forty acres on Point Loma
were dedicated to mystery and education
in 1S97 it was thought best to have a care
taker on the place, who should prevent
desecration by unholy feet, who should
see that the purple and gold banner waved
by day and the beacon burned by night
from the cornerstone of the school for the
revival of lost mysteries. For this task
the Partridges were chosen. The doctor
is said to have given up a good practice
because cf alluring promises not only of
spiritual but material benefit. With his
wife and two children the man moved to
the new-born city of Esotero, full of faith
and rich with hope.
Once caught in the meshes of such a
system it is hard to escape. The mind,
soul and conscience, once bent to the will
of another, cannot be freed without an
effort. But why do they bend? Verily,
the world revels in humbuggery.
But faith will not stay a man's
stomach and hope will not buy food. At
this time Mrs. Tingley was crusading
around the world, paving the way for her
Universal Brotherhood scheme. Perhaps
she forgot the little garrison In the, lonely
city; perhaps she did not care. The man
and woman suffered in silence until at
last Cincinnati and an honest profession
seemed fairer than the city of Esotero
-and starvation, and the pair cast them
selves out of paradise.
Dupes of another sort cropped up at the
congress held last year at Point Loma.
To insure a large attendance at the con
gress the leader and official head an
nounced that those who did . not come
would lose two or three incarnations— a
backset few can afford in the race toward
perfection. Many believers made the trip
when they could ill afford it. .
During this congress many eyes were
opened to the truth.
Why were meetings held at all hours
of the night? Why were the people kept
going until they fairly slept on their feet?
Why the vague rumors of strange mys
teries ever about to occur but which never
did occur?
Weak minds become neutral under such
strain as this and subject to any Influ
ence.
To 1 esign or be dismissed means turn-
Ing from the White Lodge; the only al
ternative is the Black Lodge. Then it is
that the true spirit of the leader shows
itself. Prom the central office are sent
letters with charges against the disloyal
member. Ix>yal members are instructed
to declare 4 general boycott against these
"black magicians," not to speak to them
tcr.ts in wood. This is the City Beauti
ful where lotus buds dwell. Another
place of beautiful dreams and thoughts.
"Who enter here leave hope behind"
should be written above the gate that
marks the entrance to Esotero, says one
worldling who tried the soulful life and
found it but another name for starvation
iind hard work.
To appreciate a city of souls one must
remember that they do not care for beef
steaks, betr and icecream; that toii and
travail of the body is nothing to the soul,
und that the foor.er our mortal carcasses
are worn out and cast aside like dry
»-hucKs the more quickly and better the
Ixautilul mind comes forth like the milled
wheat.
Therefore think r.ot that Esotero is a
parden tilled with s-inuous rills and lux
uries for iiamjH-ring ilet;h. It is not that
kind of a tcv.n. It Is a city of dreams,
but all know that the most beautiful
dreams come to ! the chained slave, the
thirsting traveler on the deseVt or he who
starves in prison cell.
Then only uoes the mind acquire power
and ascendency to soar to those heights
¦whence it looks contemptuously on the
carnal tastes of earth and prepares itself
according to the Tingley recipe for battle
with the forces of the Black Magic that
threaten all about our little world hung
lonely in the gloom of the universal dark
ness in this Anno Domini MCM.
Lonely and beautiful is Loma; high on
a commanding site is the Homestead,
¦where all the citizens dwell in harmo
nious unity. Near the Homestead is the
City Beautiful, where lotus buds, the lit
tle children, are nursed to perfect blos
eom. On another hilltop is the Colony,
vhere homeless babes are being fitted for
m. broad and beautiful work in the world.
This is but a nucleus — a promise whose
glorious fulfillment makes words seem
poor. A temple for the revival of lost
mysteries, schools for highor learning, the
perfection of co-operation in all things —
these are a littie of what the future holds.
Point Loma was not chosen haphazard
as the site for this wondrous city. Here
is the esoteric center of the earth. Here,
perhaps on a level with the bottom of the
cccan, are buried ruins of an ancient tem
!j>le — a wealth of gold and rare treasure.
spot is hallowed by mysteries of oth
er ages.
Nor should such a spot be profaned by
•liuildings of a common order. They must
be as pure in design as the classic tem
ples erected to Grecian gods — all this, and
more. Are they not to serve a grander
purpose? Therefore no common mind
ehall bid thoin into being. It shall be
none other than the rnind of the city's
julcr.
Who is the ruk r of this city of Esotero^
Let all bow their heads at sound of the
name. It is the foundress-directress, the
leader and official head of the Universal
Brotherhood— Kathcrine A. Tingley.
Blink away all visions of fancy and see
how the city of Ksotero looks to -a world
ling—to one not of the elect. '
The site is magnificent, at th* very sum
mit of Point Loma. which stretches its
Froat length upon the .water, like a tired
monster. Thus far the worldling and the
ether r.jrre-e, and then-
Through massive wooden gateways one
passes •within the wire fence that bounds
the city of Esotero. A big, rambling,
frame summer hotel, once the Point
Loirta Hotel, is now the Homestead. Per
haps the worldling may bide here; more
likely not. The unknown stranger, is not
welcome in the city. He has ; ears and
eyes and a tongue for tales.
But if he may not stop, he has at least
eeen the city. Near the Homestead is a
row of queer, white objects, like sideshow
THE- LEADE-K AHD CABlME-T OF THE-
UniVEfeSAL BROTHERHOOD.
which to fall. Of the thousands of dollars
which have poured into the treasury of
trie brotherhood members of the society
declare there has never been a published
statement; and under the constitution the
brotherhood treasury is little different
from the private purse of the leader, so
absolute is her control of it.
In Los Angeles the .society has dwindled
from a membership of 1H to a possible
half dozen regular attendants, witn a lew
others who nave not yet resigned from
the lodge, but who t-*e no part in ita
work. ' ¦'¦'. "•'.;-
The old members of the society every
where are sore over the present state of
things. ' To them theosophy is a. vital prin
ciple, and they teel as one might into
wnose house a powerful stranger comes,
assumt-s authority and bids the owner
serve him or be gone.
In an interview with F. O. Calkins, who
until about a year ago was president of.
the Los Angeles Lodge of the Universal
Brotherhood, be said that he did not wish,
to attack the organization, out in giving
his reasons for withdrawing he wished it
understood that he prefers to be ouuido
of a society which furnishes a woman to
do the thinking for its members and
which pretends to promulgate theosophy
when in reality it is doing the reverse.
AVrtfn Mr. Calkins made known his In
tention to resign he was treated to many
pages of advice. Among the letters was
one from Jerome A. Anderson, president,
of the San Francisco lodge, which read in ;
part as follows:
"You are making the mistake of your
life, but we have to learn by our mistakes,
and this step will be sure to bring you,
enough of sorrow to teach you the requi
site lesson of trust. You say you resign
because the organization 'a* it is now
managed is doing an injury to our deeply
beloved cause.' Look in the Uita- and read
what u says about 'the duty of another
being full of danger' and ask yourself it
it is really your duty to manage the or
ganization. . If not — and it certainly is not
— then -it docs not concern you how it is
managed. You must have more faith, my
brother. You ought not to consider
whether things are going right or not. or
if such a thought comes into your mind
repress it by the thought that the man
agement of affairs does not rest upon your
shoulders" ,
In the absence of the secretary general,
who was at that time in Europe with tha
leader, a member of the cabinet sought
to *point out to Mr. Calkins the error oC
his way. He wrote:
1 "I do not think you fully appreciate tha
strain there Is upon all the earnest mem
bers during these last few months of th«
century. There is not a single weakness
in any one of us that is not a point of at
tack at this time. And frankly let ma
**y you have opened yourself to an on
slaught of the dark forces which you need
your best energies to repel. Let it not bo
said' that you drew back at the very
threshold of the new century."
These mysterious allusions to tha
"strain at the end of the century" and
"dark forces" are a part of a bugaboo
system by which the weak-minded aro
awed into faithfulness.
It is now but a few months since th«
ruler of Esotero came to dwell in her do
main, bringing with her certain of her
"disciples and others who might be use
ful to her.
With her arrival activity began, for tha
city s only building was the Homestead. a
Thoss who would dwell always in th«J
city of Esotero must convey propertleaf
and money— not to become part of a gen
eral fund, but to Katherine A. Tingley.
lhus all save one are paupers; clasaea ara
leveled to a plane of brotherhood.
\\_hen Mrs. Tingley arrived in the city
oTEsotero she needed a cook and house
hold servant. She summoned to her a
!r S /- Krat2cr of Los Angeles, a good, hon-
SfmtS^t™ 3 ? woman wi » h two children to
f, «?°«« An i nvltation from the leader
lh»r t an hon ? r and a command, and
there is not one of the faithful who Is not
glad.to receive this sign of favor.
h,7t 7^* M / 9 ;. was offered no pay;
but is not the honor of working for hu-
Kr? en t ou * h? Is »t not beautiful and
inspiring to devote one's life to a noble
Wh^n a wltho "t thought of worldly gain •
vi?,1»r ed by an env °y °f ruler of
fhl ? ?« l u e cause does not sound 'Ike
the selfish purpose of an unscrupulous
woman.
Against the advice of friends. Mrs.
t^« t2 £ r >'^J d f d to the gentle suasion,
took her children from school and went
to Point Loma. Arriving in the early aft
ernoon Mr*. Kratzer was told to get din
ner and her girls to serve at table. And
not until the kitchen was scrubbed, lato
that night, was Mrs. Kratzer's flm day's
work done. .
This was a fair sample of days to come.
Rising at 4 in the morning to 1oln tha
Household In chanttng anthems to the ris
ing sun, this woman finishes her work at
10 At night. She has no privileges. nr»
leisure.. She may not attend brotherhood
meetings. She may' not 'eat at table or
of the same food as those who give money
i-.not . brawn— to the grand cause of hu
manity. ¦ • • ' ••¦•:• ;¦¦••;
• In brotherhood parlance, Mrs. Kratzer
is said, to be-undergoing a. test to- see If
she is fitted for a^ higher .life— If she is
ready to pass to a higher stage In her evo
lution. Just how Ion? it takes to decl**
thisno one but Mrs.. Tingley knows. T v i
others know that such tests aa this H.im
applied only to the very poor — a broad and™
beautiful principle of brotherhood which
' the ordinary mind falls to grasp.
One may 'pity this woman, while ha
only- smiles at Abbott Clark, who drives
the "bus between ¦ Point Loma and San
Diego.' Abbott Clark . presumed to go to
the sacred city unsummoned. His test Is
to drive the 'bus back and forth over tha
tiresome, dusty road and' be fed. somo
say. on bread and water. Abbott Clark Is
still under the spell.
As to the colony. This Is In substance
the story lisped by a tot of six years or
•o who spent some weeks there:
"We had our dolls, but couldn't plav
with them. We couldn't play at all* just
had to sit in our rooms. We didn't have
enough to eat— only a little mush and a
tiny piece of corn bread for breakfast- *
slice and a half of dry bread and a eiass
of water, sometimes milk, for lunch: no
butter or sugar, except on Sunday; somo
vegetables for dinner, but no meat or des
eert.
"We an slept In an attic, divided into
rooms with blankets. The rats and mica
scared us awful. The lady was not kind
to us; she spanked some of the children
and made others go without their break
fast.
"We didn't have much at school but ex
ercises with our hands and feet. We had
some reading, writing and spelling. Tfi»
bigger ones had to help the little ones ani
didnt. learn much.
"We had to make our own beds. Arrf*
ourselves, comb our hair and do our ovp
washing and ironing. When I didn't knj'
how to do things I was told It was tliw
for me to learn. I didn't like being away
from my mamma and was slad to cons*
home."
BUILDING THE: JECOMD HOUMr AT THE- iMTErfcNATlONAL- BROTHfc^-
WOOO LEA6UE5 CUBAH COLOMY, POINT LOf^*^.-*^™ DIE-&O, CAL- f
THE- UniVERSAL BROTHERHOOD
SOME peep!.? never grow old enough
to be over their childish fear of
bujrabcxx-,.
It i? said by tno?e who know that
this Ss a very bad bugabaft year.
Why lh< "end of the century year"
should be- v.-orse tlian any oihor passes
all Kanm'anJ eoaxmon sense, but nature
Jir.s a very trasCfenitflc and irrational way
of working. Sl;e refuses to bo bound by
rules that you find in lv->oks. and there
are soms c;u<:-or things left in the world
yet for all our smartness.
Down an th* tiptoe of the foot, of Cali
fornia i? Point Lcsul the dynan-.ie soul
torcr- center of the univf-rso.
Thrre are Btransrc doings arror.g * the
mystical folk v. ho reside about this axle of
\hr> psychic wheel, and ordinary simple
heads have been turned by "getting too
close to the center," as Mrs. Tingley
puts it.
The city of Ksotero is the name of this
dwelling: of the spirits. Xot a city of this
world; vlth-sbops and factories, crash of
machinery and buzz of busy life, but a
"One of your paragraphs dwells on this,
you are 'deeply puzzled at the methods
employed." .Why this and why that "is a
mystery which I* can not fathom." Why
should you hesitate over this? Are you
to compromise with evii and countenance
and abet slanderj injustice, untruthfulness
and ail unbrotherliness, because you can
not 'fathom the. : mystery' of why people
will do these ihings and blare with trum
pets the word "brotherhood' from Point
Loma to the four winds of heaven. You
know in your heart, as does every one in
the Universal lirotherhood, that these
things are wrong. Where, then, is your
dilHculty? Why do you not 'come out of
the doomed city'? Because of a false In
terpretation put ¦.•¦upon '-your pledge, and
because told that if- you do not hang close
to K. A. T. you 'lose your chance for this
Incarnation.' Do you want to save your
'chance In this incarr.ation' by being a
party to slander? What is a 'chance' so
saved worth, think vou? I say chance3
be . . - , '-¦:. '-. -
"Read in the Crusader (nee Irish Theos
ophlst) tho can-can ai:d the threat over
the deatli of poor .-Arthur Criggs and the
gloating over the burning alive of Gris
com's little girl. Arthur Griggs was one
of H. P. B.'s (Blavatsky) earliest and best
friends and she-was -like a mother to him,
'and he fell dead in the street' (not true)
because, forsooth, he did not believe in
K. A. T. !
"I have not recited a thins not known to
all the U. B.s if they read their own lit
erature and believe in their priestess.
"And do you hesiUHe to leave this
doomed and damned city because you can
not understand or because you do not
know where else to go? Well, I'd leave
It if I had to go to the woods, or to
sheol. for that is no worse. I Don't stop to
denounce Mrs. T. Let her alone in silence.
If you leave U.B. sh.> will try to gobble
library, furniture, etc.. as she is now do
ing at Oakland. Look cut fbr that, for It
belongs to you locally. ! Put it beyond her
reach in some way. She takes everything
In sight, again a cold fact." ' •
That thousands have left the society In
the last two years, among thf>m its most
eminent members— Edison. .. Flammarion.
General Abner Doubleday, Professor
James of Harvard, Dr. Franz llartrcan,
Inside Facts Concerning the Dream City of Esotero
THE SUNDAY CALL.
20PREPARING FOR
LONG CAMPAIGN
FIGHTING FOR LIFE--Legations Attacked by Boxers and Chinese Troops.
, :¦ From Le Petit Parlsien. . ,
WILL PROCEED
WITHOUT CHIEF
over. • / / . ...... - ; f . . , , . -
Efforts will, be made to supply one of the greatest needs of the International
forces — additional artillery. .Orders wcre t issued to-day, for /Light Battery M of
the Seventh Artiljerjj.-'now^ at Washington. "Barracks, and '.Ljght .Bat.te.ry' ,'C of
'the same regiment, now -at Fort Adams, R." I., 'to be sent" to" San Francisco.
MaJor'George G. Greenough will be in command. These two batteries, will be
filled to the' maximum enlisted strength of 162 men, by .the. transfer of men from
other batteries of the Second and Third, regiments. That It is the expectation
of the department that troops will remain in China for, some; time Is. shown by
, instructions' that the men < transferred to the batteries going- to* China be only
those' "having, eight months or jnore to serve or who. have signified, their inten
tion - to re-enlist." .. \ ' : . I •••¦ ' — '- " ' * .
Surgeon General Bternberg said to-day that Major John R. Hoff,- chief ¦ sur
, gepn, now on '< his way from Porto Rico, will be. ordered ,to j China; as chief
surgeon of the ' troops there. "Upon- his. arrival,"; said General Sternberg,- "Mar
jor Hoff will select a hospital base. Medical officers already,. sent .to, Qhina are
• provided -with ample funds, $50,000 .having been < placed at? their .disposal. Each
command sent from Manila and from ihis country has been "provided with the
usual medical supplies. In addition we are sending quantities of, medicine, band
ages, etc., , so -that, the' troops wllT.be well "cared'for by our* department." ¦•¦¦', :¦
-It. is., expected, that Admiral Remcy .will -decide, before -'the- gulf of Pechill
* ia frozen over to lay two ' gunboats ; up ¦ at Tientsin.- It-will be impossible for
any ship to remain' at Taku, but the Monocacy and perhaps the Yorktown will
be sent' to' Tientsin with .instructions to enter'the mud docks and remain housed
' until spring. This will be no new .experience for. !the Monocacy. Naval officers
who have served in China say that in many respects the winter, season is the
best for campaigning between Tientsin and Peking. The cold is intense, but
it-is a dry cold. One difficulty that rr.ay ; be encountered is ; the " dust \ storms
which • prevail. The dust Is -very fine and fills the air j so as ; to hide the sun
, and make day almost as dark as night. V ~ ;\
• • ' - . . - ..-.¦. . ¦ j
PALL' BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. . 4.—Gen
eral'Chaffee has been directed by "Secretary. Root to report 'where he pro
i poses to locate -his base of ••. supplies 'and .what he needs. .Meanwhile th"e
-. I ¦. War Department Is not waiting to hear from him, but Is sending all the
supplies It buys .to Taku, believing that will be the. prime base. Once the
supplies are landed there they can be conveyed by. rail or boat, to Tientsin.* Quar
termaster General Luddinuton Is, making, every effort to hurry .reinforcements
to the Far East. ~- He chartered another steamer, to-day and proposes to charter
others, so that practically the entire force of 12,000 men Intended for the Chinese
campaign will be at General Chaffee's disposal before the gulf of Pechlll freeze?
over.' -V^ ¦' ' '¦ ''. ¦ . .' ' ¦', .'¦¦/.-
¦ • . ¦ • - *
Special Dispatch to The Call.. \
.Quartermaster General: Making
Every Effort to 'Hurry, Rein
forcements to Far East.
Chinese Reported to Have Commenced
Operations Against the Force of
Allied Troops Now Marching to the
1 Relief of Peking.
Principal Opposition Will Begin Twenty Miles West
of Tientsin, Where Mongols Have Erected Exten
sive Barriers and Placed.Obstructions in the River.
SUMMARY OF CHINESE NEWS
AS TOLD BY CALL DISPATCHES
TIENTSIN, Aug. 1; via Chefu, Aug. 3. — It is reported that the
Chinese have broken the canal bank, flooding the country
between Tientsin £nd Peking, Thirty thousand Boxers are
eight miles north of Tientsin and a battle is imminent.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 5. 5:25 a. m. — A report having been circulated here to the effect that Li
Hung Chang had committed suicide, a foreign official sent a messenger to his residence, but an
answer was refused..
REPORTED SUICIDE OF LI HUNG CHANG.
4J- : ONDON,Aug.'5' 3:50 a.m.— Last rright'sdispatches add'nothing to the general Informa-
I . tion concerning the progress of events in China. Although the agents of the cable company
at Tientsin on July 30 asserted that censorship of press dispatches had been abolished, it is
evident that correspondents nre not allowed to cable any account of the advance in the direction oi
Peking. According to- a dispatch from Shanghai, dated August 3, the principal opposition will
be met twenty'miles west of Tientsin," where it is stated the Chinese have erected extensive bar
riers arid obstructions have been placed in the river. Mines are said to have been located under
the railway, the line apparently being left intact. Sheng, the administrator of telegraphs and
railways, objected to the measures taken for the defense of the foreign se'ttlements, the enrollment
of volunteers and the presence of numerous warships, and asked the foreign Consuls to suspend
these measures. ' The" British Consul replied by pointing out that the measures were only intended
to strengthen the hands of the lawful Chinese authorities. '
A dispatch from St. Petersburg, dated August 4, says that General Mosievsky reports
from Chita that a part of General Orloff's forces attacked and drove back the Chinese regulars on
July 30., capturing. one gun and a number of flags and killing the Chinese commander and 200
men. The Russian loss was seven killed and twenty wounded.
Reports from _Berlin say that Prince Henry, in behalf of Emperor William, made the part
ing address, bidding good-by to the Fourth East Asian .Regiment, which sailed from Bremerhaven
in the direction of China to-day. • •
• - ¦
A COMBINED force of Americans, British and Japanese, which at most liberal estimate
cannot exceed 20,000 men, has set out to relieve the imperiled foreigners in Peking. Ac
cording to Washington dispatches this is the sum and substance of the report from
General Chaffee,. which was received at the War Department on Friday and withheld from
publication. It may be recalled that a recent dispatch from Tientsin stated that an arrange
ment had been effected between the allied commanders that the main advance was to comprise
the American, British and Japanese forces, while the Russians, French and Germans were to
guard the base and line of communication.
China's determination to resist the advance upon Peking to the uttermost is shown by
•the flooding of. a section of the country in the direction of Peking. Meanwhile, not only
¦will the foreign envoys be- held- as hostages, but rk> communication. with their respective gov
ernments will be allowed them.. More than this, the Chinese Minister in London reiterates the
warning that the advance of the allied forces may precipitate a massacre.
BREAK CANAL AND FLOOD, COUNTRY
BETWEEN TIENTSIN AND CAPITAL
Pages 21 to 30
RUSSIAN COLUMNS
BATTLE 'WITH CHINESE
"KHABAROVSK, Aug. 3.— Two columns
from Blagovestchensk crossed »over> the
"Amur River 'at 3 a. m.« under. Colonels
Schwerin and Scheriklnoff , attacked the
/ ¦¦•''-' -.¦-.-• i ¦',''>¦'"-'- ; *, ¦¦ ' •¦ ' . ~ ¦' - * ,.
- ST. ; PETERSBURG, Aug. 4.— General
Grodekoff has"sent:the following dispatch
to the War. Office:
active participant in the, ruin of the Mid
dle Kingdom, to' which the Emperor and
his advisors were rapidly driving | it." The
prayers to' retire were as often refused by
the Empress Dowager, to Whom they, were
made, who" consoled* the "old man- with
-'•Wait' and see." - " , *'/''¦ \ . ;
; The massacre " of Hsu \ Tung, ¦ who * was
over; 86 years old,. his family and retain
ers. Vwho are ¦ computed ¦ at over: 300 ¦., souls,
occurred i during ;the- pillaging and burn
ing, of a part of Peking: after an "attack
on the legations, which had been repulsed.
MA IL FOR THE SOLDIERS.
. WASHINGTON. Aug. ,4.-The War De
partment, desires it v to .be known'that mail
Intended , for "tl*e .United States soldiers - In
China ehould v be addressed with ; the ) full
name of the soldier,- his company and reg
iment with the words "China." via San
Francisco."; In the case- of staff officers
or civilians of the army, the same means —
China, via San Fra/icisco— should be em
ployed.
. All the regular Chinese mail routes in
that eeclton having been suspended, the
Government has been obliged to devise a
service of its own, using the army trans
ports as far as | possible. A | postal . agent
stationed at Nagasaki will make the first
distribution of v these ynails and. another
agent' at Taku will "care for the details.
Theso agents have started for China and
will be in a .position to handle any mails
written after this date. ,
: ¦ — — . ? ¦ ' ¦
IMPERIAL TROOPS
JOINED THE BOXERS
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 4.— A' dispatch
from Shanghai, dated Thursday, 'August
2, received here to-day, says that after
Li Hung Chang left Canton the imperial
troops Joined the Boxers. The dispatch
adds that the provisional troops along the
Yahgtse River are quiet owing to the
promise of < the Viceroy of Nankin to the
foreign 'Consuls.
'Boxers, It is further stated in this dis
patch,' are murdering missionaries In
South China,' but are not disturbing treaty
ports." .Troops are being secretly brought
to treaty ports. Batteries of the Yangtse
River, the- dispatch says, are being re
paired and new ones are being erected at
Wusung.' Despite the declaration of the
Viceroy,; that the work would be stopped
five guns have been ¦ mounted.
The dispatch accuses I the British of a
secret "understanding with the Viceroy in
accounting for the 4 indifference of the
British fleet to , the strengthening of the
Chinese forts at Wusung.
tour, Mr. Wagner. Mr. Richardson. Mr.
von Strauch. Mr. Ferguson. Mr. Simpson.
Mr. i.awrie. Mr. Bethell. Mr. Sandercock.
Mr. de Luca, Mr. and Mrs. Mears. Mr.
and Mrs. Famuel Russell. Dr. Oliver, two
children; Miss Dudgeon and Dr. Martin.
RUSSIANS SUDDENLY
ATTACKED THE CHINESE
CIIEFU, Aug. 4.-Dispatches from Niu
chwang state that 200 Russians, suddenly
appeared on July 26 at the railway sta
tion and attacked the Chinese camp, out
side the south gate. The Chinese hard be
haved with propriety, and the attack did
not appear to ; be justified. After two
hours of fighting with little damage on
either side, the Russians retired. The
Consuls at Nluchwang. including tha
Russian Consul, protested and received a
verbal reply to the effect that the attack
would not be repeated.
FORTIFYING THE YAJXGTSE.
SHANGHAI, • Aug. 3. — According to
trustworthy reports received here to-day
the Chinese are fortifying the Tangtse
River. At the fort near Nanking two 8
lncn quick-flre guns -were disabled at th«
first trial. Chinese officials affirm that the
guns were mounted as a precaution
against Boxers advancing southward.
Kaiser's Speech Denounced.
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 4.-Japaneso
newspapers denounce the vindictive pur
poses of the. speech of Kaiser William
calling upon his troops to revenge Baron
von Ketteler's death. The Mainchi asks:
"Should the cry of vengeance be raised
against China because her rebellious sub
jects perpetrate crimes?"
The speech is. called undignified and not
what one would expect from a Christian
monarch.
The Empress and ¦ Emperor of Japan
on July .17 visited and expressed sym
pathy with the wounded Germans in the
German hospital at Yokohama. "
Commander Morio of Japan in his re
port of Seymour's march notes the belief
that the Chinese cast their lot with tha
Boxers because of the bombardment - of
Taku.
Chinese troops and took the town of Sak
halin, one gun and' a qtiantity of Mauser
cartridges. The r.tenmer Silenga suffered
severely from rifle fire. The trans-Selsk
detachment, under Colonel Pfotenhauer,
bombarded Aigun with twelve mortar?
and the. Chines* replied. One officer" and
five men were killed and fifteen men were
wounded. Four armored steamers are pa
trolling the Amur."
A telegram received here to-day from
Engineer OfTenburg. dated Kawg Kumslg,
GaFlmur. In the trans-Baikal province,
Wednesday, August 1, says:
"In the retreat to the frontier the
agents, workmen and guards were sur
prised and bombarded by Chinese In the
Chlngan passes.' Throe guards and one
workman were killed and twenty work
men fled to the mountaius, none of whom
have returned."
AT AMERICAN AND
BRITISH LEGATIONS
YOKOHAMA, July 17.— The Japan Ad
vertiser to-day publishes ' through ' the
kindness of an American woman who ar
rived here from Tientsin, and who had
close relations with the foreign communi
ty in Peking, the following list of all
known to be at the British and Ameri
can legations, together with those con
nected with the. customs and a few addi
tional names: ¦ . _• . . ¦ .»¦:-.
- American Legation— Mr. and Mrs. Con
ger. Miss Conger, Miss Pierce, • visitor;
Mrs. Woodward, visitor: Miss. Paine, visi
tor; Mr. and Mrs.- Squires and four chil
dren; " Miss Condit-Smlth, visitor; Mr.
Cheshire ' and • Mr. , and Mrs. Bainbridge.
¦ British Legation— Sir Claude and Lady
Macdonald. Miss Armstrong, two chil
dren, Mr. Dertng, Mr. and Mrs. Cockburn,
Mr. and Mrs. Ker. one child; Mr. and
Mrs. Toms, one child; Dr. Poole and Mr.
Ollphant. Students^-Mr. Rose. Mr. Hew
at. Mr. Bristow.'Mr. Hancock." Mr. Por
ter, Mr/Barr, Mr. 'Kirk,- Mr. Warren. Mr.
Giles, Mr. Townsend and Mr. Drury.
Customs— Sir Robert Hart, Mr. and Mrs.
Bredon, Miss • Bredon, Mr.', and ; Mrs. Bra
zier, two children; Miss Brazier. Miss
Myers. , ; Mr. and Mrs. Piry, four children
and. governess; Mr.*, and \ Mrs. Brewltt
Taylor, Mr. Macoun. : Mr. Smyth. Mr. de
Courcy," Mr. von Rautenfeld, Mr. Win-
Pages 21 to 30
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN -F.RANCISCO, SUNDAY, ATJGTTST 5, 1900— FORTY; PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVIir— NO. 66.
IMPERIAL TUTOR AND
FAMILY 7 SLAIN^ BY BOXERS
loaded 300 bodies' on a .Junk and then
burned them.
:¦.-.. ¦, ! ¦.."¦'• • *~. — : .'¦ '
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 4.— The Japan
Daily Mail reports that on July 8 one of
the Empress Dowager's chief councilors,
the Grand: Secretary Hsu Tung, was
killed with his entire family at Peking by
the Boxer hordes.' : Hsu Tung was a Chi
nese bannerman and ';. was last -January
appointed assistant imperial tutor ; to the
heir apparent' He was a most -bigoted
reactionist, and during, the Emperor's \ re
form, -government" repeatedly] asked leave
to retire, aa "he could not bear to be an
GALLANTRY OF JAPANESE
IN TIENTSIN FIGHTING
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 4.— Japanese
papers received by the steamer Argylc
contain correspondence from the Japanese
•writer* at the front. yThey te'.l of the cap
ture of the native city of Tientsin on' July
14 and the sharp fight which preceded it
on July 9 and state tr.at the Fourteenth
Japanese Cavalry did splendid work. They
Trere ordered out to flank the enemy's
left and the remainder of the allies ad
vanced en the right In thr*e bodies, which
the Chinese cannonaded furiously. Ac
cording to the Terrible's men it wan worse
than anything they had experienced at
Ladypmith. Within two hours the Chinese
gratis were silenced by the English and
the Japanese. While the Chinese were
thus engaged the Japanese cavalry moved
round and charged Into the enemy five
times, cutting them down and shooting
them, so that at last they fled in confu-
Bion. The allies advanced and captured
four guns, the Chines* escaping intb the
trailed city, leaving 200 dead on theTlcld.
W-r-ir haste to get through the gate was
to treat that they blocked their own line
of retreat. The allies cpened fire on "them
at this moment of confusion and Inflicted
heavy loss. . • ¦•;,,-
The western arsenal was captured at
the same time with two guns, but the
walled city and eastern arsenal remained
In the possession of the enemy and were
not captured until the 14th. when a Joint;
attack was made by the » whole allied
forces. The English. American and Jap
anese advanced on the left, the Russians,
Germans and French on the right. This
action was most bloody, the allies having
COO casualties. Again the Japanese dis
tinguished themselves. They bore the
brunt of the fighting on the 9th and it
•was by them the Chinese position -was
captured on the 11th. They had 250 killed
and . wounded on the latter occasion. » j
General Ishakiwa Yasujlro, the editor
of the Mainlchi Shlmbun, who was 'war
correspondent there, says that terrible
charges are being made against Russian
soldiers. He says that they' kill peaceful
people without compunction, slay both
men and women, shoot children that cling
weeping to the corpses of their murdered
parents, break into shops.- massacre their
owners and steal goods. The Peiho is full
of dead bodies, among whom are numer
ous women and children, and the Chinese
have come to regard : tl*e - Russians • . as
devils. Ishakiwa adds that the Russians
WIBeiePg&aggSig't--- Ic ,5vB5flgiH!*rf. 1" "-
Each Officer in the Column Ad
vancing Toward Peking
Acts Independently.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BTTREAI'. WELLINGTON HOTEL,' WASHINGTON, . Aug. 4.-No
ccmmandcr in chief will direct the operations of the allies against Peking. /
Major General Chaffeo's tfippatch. received yesterday, reported It-is'un-'
derstood that it was proposed that each force should act independently.
rBefon* leaving Tientsin' the commanders of the several troops wcre'to ,
hold a conference aiul d*ci<]e upon what troop* should guard communications
ar.d were to be heM In reserve and what positions should be assigned to each \
nationality In the advance. The American troops, for Instance. _ have been
chos«n for the risht of advano*., and thr-ir flanks were to touch the British and
Germans. The advantage of this plan, it is hfld, lies in the fact that there will
be no confusion arising from a misunderstanding of orders. Conferences of the
commanders will take place each night and the plan of operations for .the fol
! lowing day will be decided upon. Kach officer will be informed -of the route
Ws column must traverse and *lw part it shall play in the operations. ¦ Upon
the officers will be the responsibility for promptly executing these movements.
It is understood that thi* plan, which was nrst advocated by Adjutant Gen- .
eral Corbin. has the approval of the President and -Secretary Root, who JLhink
the Chinese troops are not sufficiently well organized to make much ¦ resistance.
Some military men. however, and other officials do not believe there can be ef
fective co-operation between the allies on this basis, and that this will prove dis
astrous should the Chinese show light. On" of these pointed out to-day, .that
should the allies meet with reverses the v.hole »if China would burst into rebel
lion against the foreigners. It is not b«?llovpd that more than 20.000 men will take
part in the main advance, as It will be necessary to have a strong force,
guarding communications and protecting Tientsin from attack. Officials think ,
the operations will be confined to the territory between the Peiho River, and tha }
railwav or perhaps include both banks of the river. A road runs alongside the
river, which will facilitate military operations. Both the railway and river will ,
b« used to transport supplies. . t ' '.^ : V- ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.DR.- G. P. SMITH, WHO ' HAS
ARRIVED FROM TIENTSIN.
Special Dispatch to, The Call. .
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Aug. -4.— Freda
Gallick, the California actress, . was mar
ried several months ago to Colgate Baker,
a local dramatic ¦ critic. For stage and
business reasons the affair < was kept
secret;, the Intention being to- have a
church wedding, which Is announced on
California Actress Quietly Married
Several Months Ago to Col
gate Baker.
FREDA GALLICK THE
WIFE OF DRAMATIC CRITIC
Says He Claims Consideration Only
as a. Representative of Class
< Conscious Socialism.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Aug. 4.-Eugene
V. Debs. Presidential nominee of the So
cial Democratic party, has sent his letter
of acceptance to William Butscher, •.¦£ na
tional-secretary of the party, in .this city.
Mr. Debs says:
. "I am deeply sensible of the responsibil
ities which rest upon me as- a socialistic
candidate for the office of President of the
United Btatesf Fully- Imbued with the
philosophy of socialism, I seek no personal
preferment, and I claim consideration
only as a representative of the principles
of Interest, class-conscious socialism. In
that capacity, and that alone, I appeal to
the working clas3 and my countrymen for
their support. The confidence implied by
the unanimous action of my comrades
moves me to regret my limitations and to
wish myself a worthier representative of
the principles so sacred to them because
fraught with grave import to the count
less victims struggling In the grasp of
economlo bondage.'' » • . —¦
DEBS SENDS FORMAL
LETTER , OF ACCEPTANCE
Thope are the views In a nutshell of
E. R. Fulkf-rson. United States Vice Con
eu\ at Nagasaki, Japan, who arrived in
This city yesterday la.fiernoon on the Pe
king. Consul Fulkerson has been obliged
to give up his official duties in Nagasaki
oxrJr.K to poor health. He has come back
to the United States for a needed rest
and with the hope that change of climate
will bonoflt him. He has been a resident
of Japan for eleven years and has been
connected with the legation there for the
j;ast three years.
Mr. Fulkcrson has a comprehensive un
derstanding of the situation In China and
he talked interestingly for ten minutes
with a Call representative at the Occiden
tal last evening.
"My reason lor regarding the situation
in China very grave," caia he," is because
the civilized nations have underrated
China as a possible fighting power. 'The
Chinese hav«» been diligently at work since
the Japan-^hina war increasing their.de
fense, purchasing arms and ammunition
and strengthening and- enlarging their
ermy. Tbe result Is that they are now In
a position to cope with any outside,
forces.
"The situation is a hard one to deal
with on the part of .the powers. Why?
Because the Occidental soldier has every
thing against him— the climate, the food
and the water— and it 1b next to impossi
ble for a foreign army to penetrate into
the interior of China.
"Japan is the only power able to deal
VICE CONSUL E. R. FULKER
SON.
I REGARD the situation in China as
one of the most eeripus that civilized
nations have ever had to contend
with. War cannot be avoided between
that country and the foreign powers,
for blood has been spilled and property
destroyed «nd these acts of hostility must
b<> avengod."
. "I met the column when It arrived,"
said Dr. Smith, "and assisted in attending
the wounded men on their return. I
talked with them and am positive there
Is nothing in the story that the men who
were wounded were shot during the re
treat The admiral had barely enough
men to carry the wounded and look after
them, but there was no shooting of them.
He was very hard pressed and the city of
Tientsin was also In straits when I was
there." ,
The doclor left Tientsin on July 5, at
the time the women and children were
hurried out of the city. He says the story
that Seymour shot his wounded so as to
protect them from the fury of the Boxers
Is without foundation. He saw Seymour
upon his return and personally attended
a number of the wounded. None of the
men were killed by any members of the
American forces.
doctor • says, his hospital bore the red
mark of the Boxers, which was a warning
that the hospital would be the next struc
ture for the incendiary. The building,
however, was not burned while Dr. Smith
was there.
The first shot, he says, was fired on June
17 from the Chinese fort toward the Gor
don Hall, which stood on the British ter
ritory. The charge struck. the building
but did little damage. It seemed as if the
Boxers would get possession of all the
territory occupied by the allied forces.
But by an exceptionally brilliant charge
led by 300 British bluejackets and closely
followed by 1&00 Russians the Boxers were
forced back, and the conditions then be
came entirely changed. The doctor says
that had the Chinese gone around by way
of the Manchu College it would have
been all up with the foreigners, as that
section was weakly fortified.
The big fire In the heart ol the city of
Tientsin, followed by the burning of a
large theater, was credited to the Boxers,
and the morning after the second Cre, the
Dr. G. P. Smith, for eight and a half
years surgeon in the London Mission hos
pital near Tientsin, is' in San Francisco,
having been forced to abandon tbe hos
pital during the- heat of the massacres
there early In July. The doctor was in
the very midst of the fighting and tells
of a number of narrow escapes. He ar
rived on the steamer Peking yesterday
afternoon and will be in this city for
several days.
DR SMITH SAYS THE •
WOUNDED WERE NOT SHOT
"War cannot be avoided. Life has been
taken and property destroyed. The Jap
anese feel that the tlqal crisis has come
and must be fought out. The United
States has no business in China further
than to protect her people there. The
Peking relief column I consider far too
small to gain the ends sought, for the
reason that the Chinese can cut off the
base of supplies. The present Boxer
movement, I believe, • is backed by the
Empress Dowager, If not by the entire
Chinese Government. I regard these con
flicting reports from, the capital as very
suspicious."
with the situation effectually. This is so
because she is near by and being an Ori
ental power her soldiers can live off the
products of China better than other for
eigners. But the Jealousy of the powers
will prevent Japan from taking the lead
and then again she is not able, financially,
to undertake a continued war with China-
Were she to do, so It would precipitate
war between Japan and Russia, as there
has been a hostile feeling between these
two latter countries since the close of
the Japan-China war.
"It is commonly believed that the cause
of the war is anti-missionary. . Make U
anti-foreign and you will strike the nail
on the head. True, the missionary has
located in the interior of China, where
he has been the object of attack and much
bitter resentment, but the real seat of thie
trouble is tbe fact that China has
awakened to a realization that she is
about to be partitioned by the powers.
Port Arthur has been gobbled up by Rus
sia; Weiheiwei has been taken by Great
Britain, followed by the taking of Kiao
chau by Germany. These three things
have aroused China thoroughly and have
convinced her that it is time to call a
halt.
Vice Consul Fulkerson of Nagasaki Takes a Most
Gloomy View of the Complications in
the Far East.
SAYS THAT WAR WITH CHINA
CANNOT NOW BE AVOIDED
the cards for September 2. Baker will
not quit the newspaper business for the
stage, as reported.
\ , «
QUEER HALLUCINATION
OF A PACIFIC GROVE MAN
Sometimes Imagines He Is Christ
and at Other Times Believes He
Is a Wild Bull.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. v 4.— James A.
Cunningham of this town Is the victim of
peculiar hallucinations. At times he Im
agines he is Jesus Christ, and then he de
votes his time to preaching. At other
times he thinks he is a wild bull, and then
h» goes roaring and charging about the
neighborhood.
Three years ago Cunningham was sent
to Agnews Asylum, and there he remained
until a short time ago. when he was dis
charged. A few days ago he again show
ed signs of mental distress, and so he has
been taken to Salinas jail ostensibly to
serve a thirty days' sentence for disturb
ing the peace, but he Is to be brought be
fore a lunacy commission, and It is quite
likely that It will be necessary to send
him to the Agnews Asylum again.
REPORT OF A STRIKE
OF OIL IN HUMBOLDT
Eureka Is Excited Over the Rumors
That Are Coining From the
Mattole Fields.
Special Dispatch to The Call
EUREKA. Aug. 4.— It is. reported here
to-night that flowing oil was struck In the
Mclntosh well in the Mattole oil fields,
fifty miles south of here in this edunty.
There Is great excltement'In Eureka, as
many people in this city are interested In
adjoining claims.
No particulars as to the amount of the
flow is obtainable here to-night. The well
Is located on the Zanone ranch, in McNutt
Gulch, Mattole Valley, and is owned by
a company organized in San Francisco
by J. R. Mclntosh. who subleased the
land from Ciariick & Co. of Los Angeles
In Mattole Valley there are about 50,000
acres of oil lands that have been spasmod
ically prospected with little success for
the past forty years, but no systematic
boring haa been done until lately. Now
there are ten or twelve, large companies
operating there and about ten wells are
being sunk. • .
The fact that the authentic text of the
original message as received In Washing
ton on July 20 agrees literally with Consul
Fowler's report of the wording of the
original form written by Minister Conger
and bearing the file date of July 17 ap
pears to establish the genuineness of the
message and its date beyond doubt.
"CONGER." •
As it is known that the various lega
tioners and foreigners took shelter in the
British legation about June 17, the date of
Mr. Conger's telegram is fixed with ap
proximate certainty as July 17. , This
agrees with Consul Fowler's cabled state
ment that the original message as writ
ten on a regular telegraph form and
signed "Conger," Is supplemented by the
words, "E. H. Conger. July 17. , address
United States legation," written on the
same form but evidently not transmitted.
"For one month we have been besieged,"
which Intelligibly complete the sentence,
making the telegram read: "For one
month we have been besieged in the Brit
ish Legation under continued shot and
shell" from Chinese troops. Quick relief
can only prevent general massacre.
With the aid of the full text as .tele
graphed from Chefu by Consul Fowler
and already given to the press, the doubt
ful groups, which were distorted in tele
graphic transmission, have now been cor
rected and found to read:
The Department of State^ls In posses
sion of the original cipher text of the en
tire message as received by Minister Wu
on July 20 and communicated by him to
Secretary Hay on the morning of that
day. It Is partly In the Chinese cipher
code and partly in ! that of the United
States. The two texts .were separated by
several groups not intelligible in either
cipher. As deciphered on July 20 the Con
ger message appeared to begin with the
words "In British legation" under contin
ued shot and shell," etc.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— The Depart
ment'of State authorizes the following
statement In regard to the probable date
of the first telegram from Mlnistar Con
ger to .which, in transmitting it through
Sheng, at Shanghai, to Minister Wu, the
Tsung li Yamen assigned the date of
July "IS:
GENUINENESS OF THE *
CONGER MESSAGE
"Foreign Ministers In Peking are all
safe and well. Recently vegetables, fruit
and provisions have been repeatedly sup
plied to them. Relations most friendly.
At present consultations are going on for
the protection of -various Ministers going
to Tientsin for temporary shelter, which
will'sooh be concluded satisfactorily. But
as fighting is now going on in Tientsin it
is Inexpedient thatclpher telegrams should
be sent. Different Consuls have been noti
fied so that they may inform their respec
tive governments. Please inform the For
eign Office. Besides wiring* to other Min
isters I transmit the above to you.
"YU LIAN YUEN."
agrees with Consul General Goodnow*s re
port, received yesterday, that Earl Li
Hung Chang had told the French Consul
at Shanghai on the 3d that no messages
would be delivered to the Ministers be
cause the foreigners were advancing" on
Peking. The Tsung li Yamen's cablegram
of July 30 Is as follows:
Minister Wu this morning handed to the
acting Secretary of State the following
telegram from the Taotai of Shanghai,
dated August 2, and received by Mr. Wu
on the evening of the 3d. It confirms the
message of Tuan Shih Kal, Governor of
Shantung, to Mr. Fowler, Consul at Che
fu, purporting to communicate the same
telegram of July 30 from the Tsung li
Tamen, but it is to be noted that it con
tains a passage omitted from Governor
Yuan' s message, namely, the announce
ment that as fighting is going on in Tien
tsin it is inexpedient to send cipher tele
grams to the foreign Ministers in Peking.
/In this particular the present telegram
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.-The State De
partment to-day issued the following:
"That would be the American policy and
would make the American Government
and the American flag a thing to be re
spected wherever the Government is rep
resented by its flag. From my point of
view our Government unaided and alone
has the facilities at hand and Is able to
deal with the situation. We should do it
and do it with a promptness that would
emphasize the American method of trans
acting business/; ¦
NO MESSAGES BECAUSE
THE ALLIES ADVANCE
ize the point vantage we have in the Phil
ippines and of our own accord do a thing
which this emergency requires.
PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE FRONT OF THE FIRST PAVILION HAVE FREQUENTLY BEEN DESCRIBED AS THE "BRITISH LEGATION AT PE
KING." THE PAVILIONS ARE BUT AN EXTENDED ENTRANCE TO THE MINISTER'S HOUSE. AND FORM BUT A SMALL PORTION O^THE WHOLE.
INCLUDING THE MINISTER'S HOUSE THERE 1 ARE FOUR LARGE TWO-STORY HOUSES.' THE OTHER BUILDINGS ARE COMMODIOUS. BUT Off
THE BUNGALOW PATTERN AND NOT USEFUL FOR DEFENSIVE PURPOSES BEHIND SUCH A HIGH WALL. TWO SMALL GATES PIERCE THE
WALL. ONE FAQING THE. CANAL AND THE. OTHER LEADING INTO THE MARKET PLACE AT THE REAR.
THERE ARE. OR WERE, AT LEAST? TWENTY-FOUR SEPARATE WITHIN THE COMPOUND. A PATHWAY LEADS UP FROM THE
MAIN GATEWAY TO THE FIRST OF THE TWO OPEN PAVILIONS, WHICH POSSESS GORGEOUSLY PAINTED PILLARS AND CARVED WOODWORK.
* .THE SPECTATOR IS STANDING WITHIN THE WALLS OF THE TARTAR CITY. A LITTLE TO THE SOUTHWARD OF PRINCE BUNG'S PALACE
(SEE SMALL PLAN). IMMEDIATELY IN FRONT IS THE IMPERIAL CANAL, SOMETIMES FULL AND SOMETIMES HALF EMPTY. WITH ITS MUDDY
BANKS EXPOSED. A SMALL FLIGHT OF WELL WORN STONE STEPS LEADS UP TO THE ROADWAY IN FRONT OF THE LEGATION COMPOUND.
THE WALL SURROUNDING THE COMPOUND IS SEVERAL FEET THICK AND FROM 10 TO 11 FEET HIGH AND INCLOSES AN AREA OF ABOUT
SEVEN ACRES. • ,- - . .
From the Sphere.
PERIL IN PEKING— British Legation, Where Europeans Made Their Last Stand.
"I am afraid there will be a great war in
China. I do not want to see the United
States get into it for the mere sake of
•war. However, we must rescue our Minis
ter and compel (Jhlna to pay the cost of
that expedition. I believe Congress should
now be in session. The President ought
not to be conducting a foreign war with
out the advice of Congress. Up to this
time the diplomatic situation has been
handled well, but Indications point to the
inevitable conclusion that diplomacy is
fast giving way to sterner measures. Even
now we see war movements going on.
"When that condition arises it is time
Congress should have something to say.
There axe in tbe Philippines within strik
ing distance of China men acclimated and
accustomed to the hardships of war in
the Orient. Take them, send them to
China, and let the world and China know
our strength and our power. Let us utll-
"If I had my way I should enlist a vol
unteer army of 100,000 unen and send them
to the island of Luzon to take the place
of the seasoned troops now there. Those
£3,000 seasoned troops I would send to
China and deal with tbe situation that has
arisen as it ought to be dealt with. I
would protect the life of every American
citizen in China and compel respect for
the rights of every American citizen in
the country. I would do this independ
ently of other powers. I would not Inter
fere -with their plans, but Independently
and alone I would show China that the
United States . was the power whose
rights pnrt privileges could not be
trampled upon. Such action -would show
the whole world that the United States
was a great power, and that every right
conferred on its people through treaty stip
ulation or otherwise must be respected.
>TEW TORK, Aug. 4.— A special to the
Journal from Washington says: Senator
John T. Morgan said to-day:
HOW MORGAN WOULD
SETTLE CHINESE TROUBLE
the Ministers safely at Tientsin or at
least to the commanders of the Interna
tional column, trusting in that way to
abate the force of the invasion and induce
the powers to consent to negotiations for
a settlement of the trouble. It is learned
here, that LI Hung Chang actually under
took to do this, but sought to make the
condition of the safe delivery of the Min
isters that the imperial Government
.should be held blameless for what had
occurred at Peking. This condition hav
ing been rejected absolutely by the terms
of President McKinley's reply to the
Chinese Government, It may be that Li
Hung: Chang is trying to arrange for the
delivery of the Ministers without condi
tions, trusting to the gratitude of the
powers to secure the desired absolution.
made it pl:iin that the imperial Govern
ment again is trying to force a suspension
or the advance on Peking by menacing
the foreign Ministers.
Having formally refused to put them In
ccnussnl cation with their • Government,
a-nj this having proved Ineffectual to stop
:he advance. It -would not be surprising
If the Chinese Government should next
.3t one of two things— either come for
ward -with a threat to renew the attack
on the legations if tbe advance is not
Flopped, or resort to the plan of delivering
TJ.p steady prostration of th\s military
movements undoubtedly has frightened
the Chir.e?? Viceroys, -who have been
Fparrin? for time acd endeavoring to use
tbe diplomatic corps at Peking as pro
tpcuon. The Tsims li lanes dispatch re
cr-ivoj this morning through Tuan and
Wu fairly Illustrated this condition and
¦w«-,r]a <or tbe advantage of the Chinese
forrrs -which are opposing the advance
for the rescue of the besiepped Ministers.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 4.— Borne of
the features of the dispatch re
ceived from General Chaffee
yesterday and wbich the de
partm«*nt refneed to make pub
lic b*canie known to-day. The first dis
patrh received by the War Department
f TO73 General Chaffee contained very little
inr/.TTnation. but closed with the state
ment that he was coins: forward to Tien
uln and wocld give his views. That Is
*cat lie has done. His vlewa. as cabled
in iho <5i?pstci of yesterday, would be
lax Jrcra palatable to several foreign Gov
rrnsumls, aad that is one reason why the
dispatch was not :nads pcblia. This much
General Chaffee and the United States
force* avsilabla trader his command have
got* forward Unrard Peking -with the
British and Japanese forces. The troops
of the other nation^ assembled ax Tien
tsin did not iota In the movements, bat
thf reason* gives by General Chaffea
covll not be learned. It Is understood
that the- criticism contained In the Asso
ciate Press «Mipatch received yesterday
of ihe saritary condition existing at
Tkrstsia is borne out In General ChaSee*s
cisnatch. but in discussing the matter
xfSh the "War he has been
more specific and the """"< of th« com
tnaadErs are given -which failed to take
the proper precaution tor the health ot
tha Isternarkmal forces.
TTar Department officials generally re
fuse to discuss the contents ol the dis
patch, and Secretary Root announced em
phatically fViar it -would not bo giren to
the public and, farther, that no ad
<iiiional dispatches had been received
from General Chaffee. The .international
tiuestlcna involved main* ;t Impossible,
on account of diplomatic relations, to give
the dispatch to the public and It Is fur
ther <; Tired that the proposed movement
«'f troops ebocld not be heralded to the
General Chaffee and the Avail
able United States Troops
Under His Command Ad
vance "With the British and
Japanese.
Chinese Government May Now
Threaten to Renew trie At
tack on the Legations, or
Deliver the Ministers to the
Relief Column as It Ap
proaches Peking. •
EVIDENT DISCOID AMONG TEE ALLIED FORCES.
TORNADO SWEEPS THROUGH
NORTH DAKOTA TOWNS
One Woman Carried a Half-Mile by
the Storm and Sustains Fatal
Injuries.
GRAND FORKS. N. D.. Aug. 4.— The
town of Hatton, forty miles southwest of
this city, was struck by a tornado, accom
panied by hail and rain, this morning, do
ing much damage in the town and the
surrounding country. No loss of life has
been reported, though several people were
severely Injured in the path ofthe storm,
which extended from, southwest of Hatton
for 100 miles in a northeasterly direction
to St. Hilare and Thief River Falls. Minn.
All the unharvested crops in the vicinity
of Hatton are a totaWloss, and the dam
age to farm buildings and stock is heavy.
At St. Hilare the houses and buildings
of John Hendrlekson were totally de
stroyed. Mrs. Hendrickson was carried
half a mile by the wind and was uncon
scious when found. She will die. The
damage to the buildings generally in that
section was very heavy and the uncut
crops in the path of the storm In Min
nesota are a total loss.
Oil Exchanges Disagree.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' LOS ANGELES, Aug. 4. — The proposed
consolidation of the two oil exchanges is
off, and it is now; stated as a positive fact
that such a movement is impossible. This
determination, it is claimed, was reached
yesterday, and all previous negotiations
were swept away. It Is now said that
the active brokers In the two exchanges
may withdraw in a body and form a third
exchange by themselves, but this move
has not yet taken definite shape. Accord
ing to this plan the brokers will pay the
expenses of their exchange pro rata.
*
Wants Back Her Lands.
SANTA KOSA. Aug. 4.— This afternoon
a suit was commenced In tfca Superior
Court by Maggie Mitchell and others
against P. Weiling and J. Waters, asking
the court to eet aside and declare a deed
of 130 acres null and void, alleging that
the deed, which is to land in this county,
was given by Waters to Welling on ac
count of the latter's false and fraudulent
representations in alleging that the deed
was given at plaintiff's request.
> -
"WALLA WALLA, Wash., Aug. 4.— An Inquest
was held this afternoon over the remains of W.
D. Buchanan, who was shot and killed last
r.lsrht by Jamei M. Simmons. A verdict of "Jus
tifiable homicide" was returned, i Simmons has
not been found yet, > and some think be has
committed suicide.
THREATS AGAINST
CHINESE CONSUL
AT HONOLULU
Makes an Appeal to Gov
ernment for Personal
Protection.
Gave Names of Members of the Bs
form Party in the Islands, Which
Caused Arrest of Their
Relatives in China.
HONOLULU. July 27. -The dreadful
news. from China hars stirred the Chinese
here to the depths. Yesterday Yang Wai
Pin, the Chinese Consul, made an appeal
to the Government for personal protect
tion. saying that he had received anony
mous letters threatening his life. He ac
cuses the Bow Wong Wuf. or Chinese Re
form Society, of having made the throats.
The Bow Wongs are the element opposed
to the Empress Dowaser and desirous of
having a liberal pro-foreisn policy in the
empire. They formed their socle t Irs hero
under the leadership of l.ouns? Chi Tso.
• the exiled reformer, and the Consul here
sent to China the names or those who be
came members. As a result the relatives
Of Honolulu Bow Wongs were oast lntf>
prison in China, and fe^Ilnc againstf th*
Consul runs high. One of the letters that
frightened Yan?; Wai Pin referred to his
action In sending the names of Bow
Wongs to the Imperial Government, and
told him that he would be killed for so.
doing.
The Consul and Vice Consul Goo Kim
have made purchases of weapons, organ
ized a guard at the Chinese legation and
secured the protection of the Honolulu po
lice. The officers are kept constantly at
the legation. ,
Yang Wai Pin made no official celebra
tion of the birthday of the Emperor oC
China this year, but the Bow Wongs got
up a celebration of their own. The Consul
gave as a reason for not holding the usual
celebration that he had been instructed
not to have any by Minister Wu at Wash
ington. It has been hi3 custom to hold »
large reception at the consulate.
German residents of Honolulu, tnrotizh
Consul J. F. Hackfeld, have offered 200
men for the Chinese war. the movement
having been started as soon as the news
came of the murder of the German ilin
lster at Peking. Now that news of th»
killing of all whites in the Chinese capital
has come other nationalities are taking
the same steps. Honolulu haa over a
thousand men who want to go to China
and fight with the powers to avenge th©
murders at Peking. The offer of their
services gges by the steamer Peking to
day. s2S jj* •' *• «j
For many years no steamer has brought
news here that has produced such pro
found sensation as that which came yes
terday telling of the slaughter at Pe
king. Preparations had been made for a
Republican ratification In honor of the re
.turn of the delegates to the National
Convention, but all the plans were given
up when the news of the terrible Inter
national tragedy was heard. Most of the
Chinese here are Bow Wong*, and in view
of their large numbers It Is a fortunate
circumstance, as an equal number of Chi
nese of the Boxer variety might causa
serious trouble.
Great difficulty Is being encountered by
the United States postal authorities in
filling the small postmaster lobs about
the islands*. Under the American system
the pay is not large enough to tempt any
one to take the jobs. The American way
of having "the postofflces In small country
stores, which do postal business as a side
issue, cannot be followed, as the stores
do not exist. As a result a number of
country postofflces have had to be closed.
Lul and Kaupapa. two native workmen,
drank themselves to death with methy
lated spirits last Saturday and Sunday.
They drank a quart of the stuff between
them, undiluted. Mixed with water and
sugar it Is 'quite a popular drink among
natives who have reached a stage at
which nothing less strong will get them
drunk enough. Lul and Kaupapa both,
died of heart failure.
Captain Goodman arrived her© on tha
23d with the schooner Robert Lewers,
expecting to take the bark Wallace B.
Flint, of which he was appointed com
mander some weeks ago. He found that
the Flint had set sail, under her old mas
ter. Captain Stroube. two days before and
was on her way to the coast. Captain
Goodman takes the next steamer back tq
catch his vessel at San Francisco.
Petaluma's Turn Verrin.
PETALUMA, Aug. 4.-The Petalum*
Turn Verein was organized in this city to-,
night. About seventy-five men and boys
gathered at Turner Hall and perfected th«
organization. P. Bllm was chosen chair
man. George Rodd vice chairman and If.
Siess secretary- The hall has been'
equipped with the latest apparatus ana
the members intend making the organiza
tion a credit to the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCCH CAIX, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
22
CURED!
CURED!
HP MA M/>T QlirrMin I 02 Market St.. Cor. Kcarny
JL/Il. 1T1. A. lUCLalUnilin, San Francisco. a O d Cor Sprln"
O * and Second Sts, Los Angeles. B
The price for it will be much less than is asked for the old style Beta
which, if they have electricity, burn; or, if they have none, are as" strings
tied around the waist. Mv Belt is stronger than any other Belt made
and never burns or blisters. CALL TO-DAY AND TEST IT FRFE-
or. if you can't call. WRITE FOR MY EIGHTY-PAGE BOOK''
WHICH IS BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED, SENT SEALED
FREE. :^3ttBSHM9Hte ' > '
FAY FOR IT WHEN CURED.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Has restored health and strength to thousands of weak men. If used as I direct it is a positive cure and cannot fail
It gives the vitalizing power, of. electricity, without burning or blistering, to every weakened part, developing ftili
vigor. ,It removes all the effects ot dissipations forever. I want every weak man who is not the man he should be
to use one of my Belts, and. when he is cured, tell his friends of its wonderful effects. My Belt is also an absolute
remedy for Nervous Debility. Backache, Rheumatism, Stomach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Troubles. It is ar-
P^l^l ranged for women as well as men, and cures female^»reakness.
f_ _ . _+ Any honest man 'or woman who will secure me can
To feel as vigorous as you were before you wasted your strength? To enjoy life again? To get up in the morn-
ing refreshed by sleep, and not more tired than when you go to bed? To have no weakness in the back, or
'come and go pains? No Indigestion or Constipation? To know that your strength is not slipping away? To
once more have bright eyes, healthy color m your cheeks and be confident that what other men can do is not im-
possible for you?.. In short, do you want to be a man among men? I can make you all this because I have done
it for others. - 1 ":.-•-•.•
DO YOU WANT TO BE STRONG?
TO WEAK MEN!
; "Your Belt has successfully done its work
and I am entirely cured of lame back. Am
recommending it every chance I get. Yours
truly, . ¦.. . - - J. B. TYLER.
"San Bernardino, CaJ.. July 23d."
"I have used your Electric Belt about a
month, . and th« results are very; good. I
lave . no longer those severe pains In the
back as formerly, and am now able to to
through a great deal, of hard work. That
dull, heavy sleeplessness has disappeared.
Yours respectfully. I ADOLPII HEIN.
"Germantown, Glenn Co., Cal., July 27,
1900."
y^^^^^ ,~ * &M B- ' I I fM ' «y»a • a jf^ ¦ mm m% ' . V^^S^^.Ten years ago New South "Wales and
Victoria were about in* population,
but the former is now considerably ahead
.of Its sister colony.
Mrs. Eliza Bamhart.
LODI, Aug. 4.— Mrs. Eliza Barnhart,
widow of the late Henry Barnhart, cap
italist, died to-day. She leaves an estate
valued at $500,000.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Aug. 4.— A tele
gram from Magnolia. Miss., says ex-Gov
ernor Jacob D. Cox of Ohio died there this
afternoon. He was Governor of Ohio dur
ing J806-CT and was Secretary of the In
terior under General Grant. Deceased was
about 70 years of age.
Jacob D. Cox.
The Day's Dead
FORT DODGE, Iowa, Aug. 4.— This city
Is worked up to fever heat owing to four
teen Incendiary barn fires during the "past
twenty-four hours, three occurring this
morning. The fine work of the Fire De
partment has prevented ' big losses, but
th© firemen are nearly.-worn out.
Firebugs at Work.
LONDON, Aug. 4.— At the Royton meet-
Ing to-day J. Surriner beat W. B. Tewks
bury of the University of Pennsylvania
in the 100- yard handicap by half a yard.
Time, :10 1-5. -. ¦¦¦¦-; '¦¦' ; J
Tewkshury Defeated.
ROME, Aug. 4.— Archbishop Ireland to
day visited (Cardinal Rampolla and the
other cardinals, afterward obtaining an
audience with the Pope. He was received
everywhere with evidences of the warm
est affection.. It was said that his work In
France was highly appreciated, as was
shown by Pope Leo presenting to him a
solid gold medal in token of his esteem
and affection. / . y»; :
Warmest Affection.
Beceived With Evidences of the
IREIiAND VISITS BAMPOIXA.
FUNERAL OF THE DUKE OF ,
SAXE-COBURG AND GOTHA
Emperor William Enthusiastically
Greeted While Journeying to
Attend the Services.
COBURG, Aug. 4.— Emperor William ar
rived here at 11:30 a. m. to attend the
funeral of the late Duke of Saxe-Coburg
and Gotha. He was given an ovation by
dense crowds awaiting him at aU points
along the road. V
As soon as the Emperor arrived at the
castle, the funeral cortege was immediate
ly formed. The Emperor walked in the
Iirst rank, between Duke Charles Edward
and the Prince Regent. The Prince of
Wales, between the Grand Duke of Hesse
and King Ferdinand of Roumania, fol
lowed. Then came the Duke of Connaught,
the Duke of York and an endless pro
cession of Princes and Dukes, representa
tives of German and foreign sovereigns
and courts, naval and military deputa
tions and officers of the ducal court. The
cortege entering St. Morltz's Church, took
up places In the chancel, which had been
convened into a veritable grove of palm
trees. The church was draped in black,
with hangings of embroidered ermine.
The "Bloom was relieved at Intervals by
green pine sprays and silver frieze, and
the creped pillars were entwined with
fresh garlands. From the organ loft a
black velvarium was suspended, with the
arras and initials of the dead Duke em
broidered upon It in silver. The wreath
sent by the. dead Duke's mother. Queen
Victoria, which, was placed at the head of
the coffin, was composed of scarlet geran
iums, white stocks and heliotrope in the
scheme of the national colors, and bore
the simple and pathetic inscription: "From
his sorrowing mother." At the foot of
the coffin lay an immense wreath of oak
leaves inscribed: "From his three sis-
Thc most striking feature among the
many beautiful floral pieces was an im
mense anchor of white flowers entwined
with a- cable, of cornflowers, ''Inscribed
"The British Navy Mourns Its Gifted Ad
miral."
Among the wreaths were displayed the
Duke's orders and .decorations.
At the close of the simple funeral cere
monies the troops fired a salute from the
castle square, after which the cortege
returned to the castle.
< Emperor William paid a visit . of con
dolence to the widow of the Duke of Saxe-
Coburg and Gotha this afternoon and then
left for Wllhelmshohe. ;
At 10 o'clock the remains of the Duke
were carried by torchlight with an escort
of Princes to the mausoleum In the
churchyard and placed In a vault. •
. •-¦-,' • .' ¦¦".
Yellow Fever Spreading.
HAVANA, Aug. 4.— Despite ; stringent
sanitary precautions yellow fever Is on
the Increase, forty-eight cases : having
been reoorted.'.
Bacing Yacht Corsair Sunk in a Col
lision With a Steamer Off
Rama Gate.
LONDON, Augr. 4.— Channel traffic has
been interrupted to-day by a gale %nd the
Welsh coast Is strewn with wrecks of
coasters and pleasure craft. The racing
yacht Corsair was sunk in collision with
a steam fishing boat off Rama Gate.
A steam yacht believed to be the Fairy
Queen was sunk off Lapwell. Crops have
been much damaged. Telegraph wires in
Great Britain and over half of the Con
tlnect are partially down.
COAST OF IS
STREV/N WITH WRECKAGE
rail From the Summit of a Lofty
Peak While Traveling "Without
a Guide.
MALQJA, In the Ingadine, Switzerland,
Aug. 4.— G. P. Way ar.d his son and thir
teen other Americans, accompanied by
Mr. <3e la Rue. an Englishman, climbed
the Cimadirosso without a gTiide yester
day. When near the summit Mr. VTay
slipped on a stone ar.d fell over a preci
pice. The rope attaching him to his son
broke ar.d the two were killed.
Mr. de !a Rue returned with great diffi
culty. The bodies were recovered. The
Wavs stopped at the Hotel Maloja.
TWO AMERICANS
KILLED IN THE ALPS
General William Ludlow, who was In
terviewed here to-day, said his work of
studying the general staff has been some
what delayed through the Emperor's ab
sence.
General Ludlow said he had seen the
Minister of War, the chief of the general
staff and other officers, all of whom he
found extremelv kind and communicative.
He spoke in highest praise of the German
KiiPKsaJtdemle (war college), which gives
technical military courses to picked offi
cers, to train them for -eneral staff work.
The general said he thought the United
i States plan for a general staff will em
! brace some post-graduate study like the
war college.
"All the world," he added, "goes to
school to Germany in military matters."
The German foreign office mantalns
authenticity of Secretary von Bulow's
message from Peking, since a German
Consul, who knows the Secretary's hand
writing, cabled the letter from Von Bu
low.
The Foreign Office believes the Ministers
are still alive, H. Percival Dodge has been
promoted to second secretary of the
United States Embassy here. Samuel
Modrill of the T'nitod States Embassy at
Paris, becomes third secretary, succeeding
Mr. Dodge.
Studying the German Army.
A Socialist member of the Reichstag
named Molkenbushr has been sentenced to
pay a fine of 600 marks and to a month
in jail for criticizing army officers. Herr
Tocrave. tho captain of a steamer, has
been appointed in his place.
The Emperor's Baalbec exploration ex
pedition, under the leadership of Profes
sor Puchstein, has arrived at the scene
of its labors. The excavations will re
quire three years.
The Russian Embassador h»re, with the
whole of the embassy will go to Dantsic.
August 15. to witness the launching of
the Russian cruiser Novick. •
William Waldorf Astor has arrived at
Hamburg, where the Prince of Wale3 is
also expected within a fortnight.
Bandmaster Souza, who despite inclem
ent weather this week played to enorm
ous crowds, to-day gave a concert, the
programme of which was given up to
Berlin and New York composers, the lat
ter being McDowell, H. K. Bradley. Bart
lett. Souza. Kerry Mills. Gustav KIrker
and George Rosey. Mr.. Souza was to-day
entertained at a luncheon at the Bristol
by a number of his Berlin admirors.
Sentence of a Socialist.
In official circles here* it Is stated that
there is a strong divergence on the sub
ject of the policy regarding China be
tween the Emperor and the Minister of
Foreign Affairs. Count von Bulow, the
latter beintr aware that Germany's alms
at obtaining suitable satisfaction in China
are seriously hampered by the Emperor's
impulsive utterances. It is further stated
that hot words have already passed be
tween the Emperor and Count von Bu
low on that subject.
The Associated Press correspondent here
understands before an advance upon Pe
king- was- definitely decided upon the
powers concluded that hereafter they
would not corFlder the Chinese "third
hand advices," but it has now been shown
that the Chinese Government is not wlll-
Irg to allow the legations to freely com
taunieatvi-wttb their 'home governments.
The v 'asfon was also reached unani
mously ".y the powers that Li Hung
Chang v.iis playing false, his main ob
ject being to retard or frustrate the ad
vance on Peking by various ru.«es, of
which the Chinese statecraft is always a
master.
Indications increase that Germany is
preparing another large body of troops
for Ch'.na. The latest news on this point
has been given by the Frankfurt Zeltuns
saying that, despite the absence of official
admission of the fact. It is certain that
three other large steamers of the North
German Lloyd line have been chartered
for September, and that in the Cabinet an
order is Impending- for the formation of
a corps of 10,000 men. Opposition papers
criticize this because the Reichstag has
not been asked to sanction the step and
point out that another heavy army in
crease will.be asked at the fall session of
the Reichstag for the organization of a
colonial reserve army.
Earl Li Playing False.
BERLIN. Aug. 4.— Emperor William this
week has been unusually talkative, espe
cially during the embarkation of the China
troops. Besides delivering a regular ser
mon to a large body cf departing troops
aboard a ship, promising from a passage
In the second book of Moses about the
struggle between the Israelites and the
Amellkes that so long as the troops and
those remaining at home prayed hard for
success against the Chinese victory would
be, theirs. The Emperor also, yesterday
evening, addressed a number of Lloyd
workmen. The Lokal Anzeiger states that
the Emperor decorated them personally,
aided by his officers, attaching medals to
the workmen's breasts, thanking them
and saying that by faithfully remaining
at their posts, in spite of the strike of
their fc-llow-workers. the timely embark
ation of troops had been made possible.
Next the Emperor severely condemned
strikers and those responsible for lock
outs In Hamburg and elsewhere for leav
ing: the Fatherland in the lurch in such
critical times.
Besides these talks a number of the
Emperor's utterances made privately this
week at Bremerhaven have become cur
rent, all showing: that his indignation
agair.st the Chinese is still as strong as
ever.
Copyright. 1900, by Associated Press.
Condemns Strikers and Those Re
sponsible for Lockouts and Finds
Opportunity to Show Indig
nation for Chinese
William Talks to Workmen
and Attaches Medals to
Their Breasts.
EMPEROR STILL
CONTINUES HIS
FLOW OF WORDS
London continues to demand new hotels,
and one of the newest schemes which is
ready to take substantial form this au
tumn is what is claimed to be the first
real American hotel in England. This will
be located at -the new Waterloo Railway
station. It will be entirely of steel con
struction. The directors of the syndicate
which is to build this hotel brought a New
York architect here a year ago and are
now amazed at his methods, as the steel
beams are already being cast at Sheffield
before ground is broken here.
Reports of unhappiness between the late
King liombert and Queen Margherita
have been circulated, which add bitterness
to the* Queen's grief. They may be put
aside as utterly untrustworthy. There
was an estrangeemnt a few years ago, as
Roman society well knew." The fault was
regarded as being the King's, and his rec
ognition c<f the . fact was followed by a
complete and lasting reconciliation.
When the Queen's carriage passed th»
King's on the Pinclo the first time after
the reconciliation Queen Margherita stood
up and publicly saluted the King, deter
mined that all Rome should know that
rijrht had been done.
The visit of Major Burnham to Osborne
will be .postponed on account of the
Queen's bereavement. It had been ar
ranged that the American scout should
dine with the Queen and spend the night
at Osborne August 8.
American Enterprise.
Three weeks' yachting began In the So
lent to-day. Despite the season of mourn
ing in court circles the Prince of Wales
has promised to appear at Cowes next
week.
Sir Thomas Lipton's party, which in
cluded Lord Charles Russell and Senator
Depew and other Americans, returned to
London for a few hours yesterday. Be
fore proceeding to Cowes Sir Uhomas
said:
"There are many points of difference be
tween American and English yachting,
and only when one has spent several
weeks at Sandy Hook can he really appre
ciate them. England's insular position
has done much to make the sea a home to
many of our people and here is much
more attention paid to yachting than in
the United States, but undoubtedly Amer
icans are the best yachtsmen I know.
They are thorough in that as in all else,
and it Is due to appreciation of this that
my sole ambition in life now is to take
the America's cup. One thing seems
strange in view of American cleverness.
That they are sending here for captains
for seventy- footers does not seem right,
and I am u lable to explain why. holding
the blue ribbon of the sea so long, they
are sending to England for Wring©- and
other captains. What has become of all
the New England • blood that made Hank
Haffs by the score? I should think New
York yachtsmen would promote Ameri
can sailors to the best positions by way
of encouragement. I .say this because of
my regard for American yachtsmen."
Lord Dunraven, who has been Invalided
home from South Africa, arrived this
morning. He will probably appear at
Cowes.
The route by which the Prince of Wales
traveled to Coburg to attend the funeral
of his brother, the Duke of Saxe-Coburg
and Gotha, was changed at the last mo
ment as a precaution against violence. He
went via Oberhausen instead of Cologne,
as announced.
Lipton Talks of Yachts.
LONDON, Aug. 4.— While deep in discus
sions of anarchy, the obscurity of Chinese
affairs and the issues of their own gen
eral election Englishmen are attentive to
the course of the American* political cam
paign. Rather curiously the Journals here
are taking sides in American politics ac
cording to their views, not on currency
questions, but on the South African war.
Thus Mr. Labouchere laments that the
English Radicals have not so positive a
i allying cry as have the Democrats In the
anti-imperialistic portion of their plat
form.
The Speaker touches upon American pol
itics from the standpoint that the domi
nant issues In the general elections of
both English-speaking peoples are about
the same. Inquiry .in London editorial
rooms indicates that unusual arrange
ments have been made to report the de
velopments in the campaign in the United
States.
England has had a coal question for a
generation, but Zo shillings for midsum
mer house fuel and the likelihood ol prices
going several sniiiings higher is making,
a political question. It is widely con
tended that the time has arrived to limit
the foreign shipments, amounting to W,-
OW.OOu tons, by an export duty, even though
Continental buyers go to the United
States, but from the general drift of dis
cussions an export duty on coal seems
quite unlikely. A Welsh colliery owner
points out that American bituminous coal
can be sold cheaper in the Mediterranean
than the Welsh coal.
A. J. Ualfour, speaking before a Cam
bridge University meeting, said that in
the use of their nuueriaa resources the
English people were little better thaai
brilliant spendthrifts.
A leature of the volunteer maneuvers
beginning to-day is several cyclists hold
ing forty roads In the north of Sussex,
with the object of checking an invading
army until British troops of all arms can
collect ¦ nearer London to give battle in
force to the invaders. Citizen soldiers
from all over the kingdom are gathering
In huge camps on Salisbury plain and at
Aldershot.
Copyright. 1900, by Associated Press.
Likelihood of an Increase in the Cost
of Coal Causes Much Comment
and May Become Politi^
cal Issue.
Unusual Interest Is Taken
in the Presidential
Campaign.'
BRITAIN TALKS
OF ELECTIONS
IN AMERICA
PARIS, Aug. 4.— There was quite a sen
timental article devoted to the King of
Servia and his betrothed in the Figaro
this morning. Our contemporary's cor
respondent waf received by the young
couple in Mme. Mascnin's villa at Bel
grade. He found his Majesty standing by
the side of his liancee in a delightful lit
tle boudoir. After shaking hands the
King expressed pleasure at being able
•to make known the facts of his marriage.
Sitting down on the tiny sofa with hands
Joined in quite idyllic fashion they spoke
by turns. The King was dressed in white
Hannels and the future Queen in a black
silk skirt and charming bodice of pale
rose pink. Her jewels were all pearls.
His Majesty said: "Everybody wanted
me to marry. Every politician had some
good party, out 1 always refused, because
1 thought that in a question of this kind
a man should consult his own heart."
Then, looking at his bride elect: "My
sole desire is lhat she who is sitting- by
my side should be the partner of my
throne.
"I wanted some one who could under
stand me; who knew something of life;
who knew the country of which she would
be Queen; who would be ready to share
: with me all difficulties that are in store."
"Oh, yes. we shall have many difficul
ties," sighed the King's fiancee, looking
tenderly and bravely at the King with
her beautiful eyes.
"We shall overcome them," replied the
King, gripping her feverishly by the hand.
Then, turning toward the correspondent,
he added: "Believe me. the people are
not at all hostile to this marriage. On
the contrary, as soon as the surprise of
the moment was over they showed by
their attitude that my choice met their
secret wishes.
"I meditated long before taking the
step. It is said that I am ill. Well, no
doubt, I have slept badly these last few
nights, but there is reason for it. Do I
look ill?"
The correspondent declared that no
happy man could look better. His Maj
esty continued smilingly: "There is talk
about, difference In our ages. Well, you
have Only to look." which shows gallantry
upon the part of the King, though it also
reveals a little forgetfulness of his pre
vious remark about wanting to . marry
some one with experience of life. How
ever, Inconsistencies of sweethearts do not
count.
"It has been said," he went on. "that
she is more than forty and the mother of
several children. Please deny these ab
surd stories.
"The two young ladles who were seen
with her abroad are not her daughters,
but her sisters. Why should papers In
vent so many lies?"
The King's fiancee added: "I regret the
tone of certain French Journals, for I
really love France. I have long lived
there and never miss a year without
spending some months in Paris. I adore
Paris."
The King and his fiancee both express
ed the greatest disappointment at not be
ing able to visit the Exposition. They
would have to go about their own coun
trjvthey said, to prove how strongly peo
ple are attached to them.
His Majesty declared at the end of the
audience that there would be no more
vacillation or uncertainty resulting in
crises in internal affairs in his country,
and as regards its foreign policy he would
sedulously cultivate good relations with
all.
The King would not fix the date of the
marriage, because he could not be sure
when the throne, and regalia now en route
from the Paris Exposition would arrive.
In fact, his Majesty might paraphrase
Richard's cry: "A throne! A throne: My
kingdom for a throne I"
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
llshins Company.
Says the People Are Not Hostile to
the Marriage and After the
Shock of Surprise Show
Their Approval.
Brushed Advisers Aside and
Chose a Bride to Suit
His Own Desires.
KING OF SERV1A
TALK FREELY OF
HIS FIANCEE
PARIS, Aug. 4.— To-day's inquiries' have
i cleared up the entire history of Francois
*Saison. the would-be assassin of the Shah
: «f Persia. It seems that Salson's army
: record was most exemplary. After the
'death of his father he resigned from the
•¦array and beg-an anew the roving life he
ttad previously followed.
During the inquiry Salson related that
•he once made an effort to assassinate the
former President of the French republic,
M. Casimir-Perier. lie hid in the shrufc
t»er>- beside the road that Caflmir-Perier
was accustomed to take in his daily walks
and when the latter appeared, Salson
¦ pays, he attempted to shoot him with a
pistol. The weapon, however, missed tire
and no^one perceived his presence. Sal
bon's hatred of M. Casimir-Perier. he as
gerted. -was due to the latter's laws
'against anarchists.
He admitted that he pulled the tripper
of his pistol at the time of his attack upon
the Shah, but in this case again the
weapon misled tire. Salscn explained that
hoping to injure the explosion of the car
tridge he had filed tfce point of the ham
mer. This saved the Shah's life, as the
hammer undoubtedlv •was tiled too much
and the puHinjr of the triss^r only re
f ulted in making a small dent in the car
tridge.
Saison'5 laFt employer states that he
¦was a mode! workman, that he never
dipcusfed politics, but that one day he
astonished his companions by Fayinp*.
"Why should we work, thus enrich others
and pain only a livelihood? Would it not
l>e better to return to the state of nature
when men lived happy and idle on fruits
end parae?"
A special dispatch received here to-day
from Madrid the Spanish Premier,
Pennr Silvela, intends to take the Initiat
ive lookinp toward an international con
ference f«ir the suppression of anarchists,
end the Spanish Government has decided
to apply rigorously the laws against an
archy.
Assassin's Hatred of the ex-President
of Prance Due to the Matter's
Lavrs Against the Anar
chists.
(Career of the Man Who
Attempted to Shoot
Persia's Shah.
SALSON ONCE
TRIED TO KILL
CASIMIR-PERIER
BLOOMINGTON. 111., Aug. 4.— A hearty
welcome was given A. E. Stevenson at
3:30 this afternoon. A big crowd gath
ered at the Union station. Carriages car
ried the : party of the Democratic Vice
Presidential candidate, who was returning
from Minnesota to prepare for the cam
paign, to. Franklin square, where, just
across the street from the Stevenson
home, was the speaker's stand. J. G. Law
rence Weldon welcomed Mr. Stevenson
and eulogized his life and career in a
speech of twenty minutes. Mr. Stevenson
replied In part as follows:
All that genius in ages past has contributed
to the world's treasury of knowledge— to what
ever tends to human comfort and to the less
ening of human distress — dwindles in the pres
ence of- the "wondrous . achievements of the
nineteenth century.- The all-important Inquiry
now Is: -"What of the future?" "What of
the nlffht?!* "What are the perils that may lie
along the pathway of the .century upon which
we are soon to enter?" The future danger of
the republic is not from foreign . foe as during
the first two decades, nor along sectional lines
as at a 'later period of our . history, but with
the multiplication and' Increase of individual
fortunes— thus emphasizing ? the distance that
separates their, possession from the toiling
millions; with the rapid. augmentation of ag
gregated, wealth: and the murmurings and un
rest that follow "as night the day," with the
Influx 'and» growth 'of »n element' whose prin
ciple In action Is the destruction of the safe
guards of law and of constitutions; with the
rapid Increase - in every- field of endeavor of
appliances which mercilessly dispense with the
labor of human, hands and with population
pressing upon the means of subsistence, who
can doubt that from all these may ¦ uprlng
dancers to society, to - the state, unknown to
the Brat century of our. history?
The safety ot the republic during the cen
tury upon which we are soon : to enter, will
rest not upon Its material wealth, Its physi-
I cat Dower. : nor Its splendor. , but on the con-
STEVENSON GREETED
B AT BLOOMINGTON
Bryan and his party will arrive here
Tuesday evening at 6:30 o'clock! A sub
committee will go to Lafayette to meet
the special train from Chicago. The
Cook County Marching Club, with a band
of a hundred pieces, will accompany Mr.
Bryan- The line of march of the candi
date's party and the local clubs, which
will be at the station when the special
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug.' 4.— The arrange
ments for the Bryan notification meeting
are about completed. ,The committee has
received definite information that Mr.
ALL READY FOR THE"
BRYAN NOTIFICATION
ATLANTA. Ga., Aug. 4. — Owing to the
result of the recent election In North Car
olina, in which white supremacy was en
grafted on the State. Representative
Hardwlck will introduce at the next ses
sion of the Georgia Legislature a bill pro
viding for a constitutonal amendment
similar in form and provisions to that
adopted in the old North State. This en
forces a property and educational quali
fication on suffrage which practically dis
franchises the negroes.
WILL FOLLOW EXAMPLE
OF NORTH CAROLINA
St. Paul to-day.
He said there was nothing to be said
upon the campaign issues except that Im
perialism would be made paramount.
In regard to his remaining upon the
Populist ticket or withdrawing Mr.
Towne said he was not ready to make an
nouncement on that subject, but would do
so in a few days.
Mr. Towne will leave Duluth for Chica
go to-morrow evening. Then he will go to
Western Nebraska to deliver addresses.
A friend quotes Mr. Towne as saying he
will issue a formal campaign document in
a few days In which he will announce his
withdrawal from the Populist ticket-
ST. PAUL, Aug. 4.— C. A. Towne, Popu
list nominee for Vice President, was In
TOWNE SILENT AS
TO HIS INTENTIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 4.— The largest and
most successful assembly ever held by
the Baptists in this State has closed at
Twin Lakes. The officers elected for the
coming year are: .
President, David P. Ward of Pasadena; vice
president Rev. F. S. Lawrence of San Jr*se:
secretary and treasurer. Rev. T. S. Young of
Sen Jose: directors— Jud^e Moody of Williams.
Her. R. M. Wolfe of Salinas, Professor Wil
liam's of Madera.
The annual meeting of the board of di
rectors will be held next February.
There was a gathering of over two hun
dred delegates on the beach last night,
where there were addresses by Rev. Rob
ert Whitaker of Oakland. A. B. Banks.
D D..-of Sacramento. Rev. B. B. Jacques
of • Oakland and Rev. A. P. Brown of
Fresno. - . ~ ¦
This morning the pemi-annual State con
vention of the Baptist Young Peop'e'3
Union assembled In the auditorium. The
officers of the union were chosen as fol
lows: President, Dr. T. B. Holmes. Oak
land; secretary, Miss Blomley, San Jose;
treasurer. Miss Farmer. Santa Rosa.
D. P. Ward presided at the meeting, and
the song and praise service was led by
W. C. Driver of Healdsburg. Addresses
were made by Mr. Newell of San Jose on
"How to Improve Our State Young Peo
ple's Work." by Rev. W. A. Rider of Oak
land on "How to Improve Our Local So
cietv" and by Rev. Thomas Boyd of
Berkeley on "How to Increase the Spirit
uality of the Society."
The boys and girls who have been In the
Bible class conducted dally by D. P. Ward
were given written examinations this
morning, and to-morrow are to be present
ed with diplomas.
This evening a social reunion was held
at the Hotel Surf. Rev. A. B. Banks was
master of ceremonies.
Largest and Most Successful of the
Twin Lakes Gatherings Ends
With a Social Reunion.
BAPTIST ASSEMBLY
ADJOURNS ITS SESSIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. 4.— The settler*
along San Pedro Valley are in great fear
of the marauding bands of outlaws that
Infest that section and whom posses
are Beeklng to run down. Graham
County seems, at present, to be a rendez
vous for all criminals in that part of the
country. Many of them are ~r«negades
from Mexico and can easily conceal their
identity among those of their race. Then,
.too. the rough, mountainous country af
fords excellent hiding places.
A man named Herring and his wife,
while traveling on horseback from Dud
ley ville to Manning's ranch, on the
Upper Glla River, a district a long dis
tance from the railroads, a few days ago,
met a party of five horsethieves, two of
whom held them, took their horses and
left a jaded animal in their places. There
Is no clew to the identity of the bandits,
but a posse is trailing them.
Another resident of the San Pedro \ al
ley has been missing for several days,
• and It is believed that he has been mur-
Th£ bandits have stolen horses in that
vicinity recently. ' one of which belonged
to the Sheriff of Graham County.
No reports have yet been received from
the special posse organized by Sheriff
Clark to run down the various gangs and
it is feared that the search will be fruit
less. . '
Residents of Graham County Fear
That the Bandits Will Main
tain a Reign of Terror.
SHERIFF CLARK ON THEIR TRAIL.
Hold Up Travelers, Steal
Horses and Defy the .
Pursuing Posses.
OUTLAWS
OF ARIZONA
GROW BOLD
arrives, will be north on Illinois to Wash
ington, thence counter-marching on Illi
nois to the Grand Hotel, where the party
will stop. The committee Is not certain,
but saystlt is probable that there will be
a reception at the hotel after 7 o'clock
Tuesday evening for the candidates.
On Wednesday afternoon the meftlnt?
will take place in Military Park. Nl&nt
meetings will be held, at which Messrs.
Bryan, Stevenson and other distinguished
visitors will spoak. Democratic clubs of
Indiana and adjeininsr States will escorx
the Presidential candidates to the park.
James D. Richardson of Tennessee will
notify Mr. Bryan, who probably will
speak for nearly an hour.
servatism, the intelligence, the virtue, the
lofty patriotism of all the people. At the
fireside. In the schoolroom. In public assem
blages, everywhere throughout this broad land
let there be Inculcated a sublime love of coun
try, a veneration for government, for law, for
Justice— for all that It has cost our race the
toll and the sacrifice of centuries to achieve.
In this highest and grandest sense let there
b^ taught veneration for the memory of- our
fathers— the builders of the republic.
The entire proceedings were non-parti
san. Both the orator and the president of
the day are Republicans.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY; AUGUST 5, 1900.
23
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
Paupers Barred Out.
OTTAWA, Aug. 4. An order in Coun-
cil has passed prohibiting- th« landing of
pauper or dpstitute immigrants in any
port of Canada.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Grand Old ftfen
Sotne nen seem to | 'X
They £Tc silso xu^n &$%& ttf I I
c'drr waste matter (Tj
accumulates in the *¦'
cystem. The body 1 ; ""*
cannot throw it off without assistance. So,
little by little the machinery of the body is
clogged, vitality is lowered, and enjoyment
of life ceases. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery, cannot make old men young,
but it does make them strong and healthy.
By removing the waste accumulations, by
increasing the blood supply, by strength-
ening the stomach and organs of _ diges-
tion and nutrition, and thus increasing the
assimilative and nutritive powers, "Golden
Medical Discovery" makes grand old men.
"I suffered for six years with constipation and
indigestion, during which time I employed sev-
eral physicians, but they could not reach my
case." writes Mr. G. Poppleweli. of Eureka
Springs, Carroll Co.. Ark. « I felt that there waa
no help for me. could not retain food on my
stomach; had vertigo and would fall helpless to
the floor. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery and little * Pellets.' I
aia now in good health for one of ray age— to
/ years. I owe it all to Dr. Pierce's medicines."
JL Dr. Pierce's Pellets greatly benefit old
*f jsen by keeping the bowels in activity.
AMERICAN WOMEN USE PERUNA.
_, _ - - ; _' - T S-" ; 'sn*. me serious Inconvenience. JNothlng I did
For Summer Colds, Nervous Depres- ™**^ oT^^J^i $ii
* • * out of the question for me. I tried Pe-
sion, and Catarrhal Weakness.
They are always grave and sometimes
: . : /S£:;.V. : :. : .'.-' >^ writes: "Peruna as 'a family medicine is
. , . fr *' V*^.- : :-::-7 CS . th(? bf>st in the world. I had catarrh of
• \s5Ss55=SSsisa^g===g==:.-.'.-.-.v.-. /-O^—^. th<» stomach for two years. DM not Ret
, ._' JJ ' - ? better until I besan the use of Peruna.
yr ! lg5"^_ ~a.~:~'==S55g^yoC^O«NSC?- I took one bottle. That did me so much
X/< '^^^^^- : - : - : - : -"- : -"-'-'-"- ?::^'^^Vv^$^o^>. pood lhat J BOt another tottte and * elt
*X^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S;7^^f:::- : - : ::^"J:1^^^^^^5^" thought I was near death's doer. In fact.
///>%^j|gj|J9iljg3'i^^ Peruna has donf for me. I walked to my
* ' . y^qfl^V/jlV.W/VftW^ cunjr for^This clalss^of w'ome^^ntnKd
"* J " • Illustrated, contains much valuable advice
and information to ailing women and will
MISS BERTHA FISCHER, OF APPLETON, WIS. an ? nt free t0 any wonian by Dr Hart '
Any woman desiring further lnfonna-
Miss Bertha Fischer, a popular young woman of Appleton, Wis., ££ ro h t°he w doc s t e o n r d h/wmTeV/ cale
writes of Peruna as follows : \ • S^JS. 1011 and pre9crlbe ' f ° r
, , j- i n j -J i -ix a l * +l M "- Clara Makemer. housekeeper for
"/ have found Peruna a wonderful remedy for catarrh of the the Florence cntte«ton Anchorage mis-
i i i i i r i ,i lit i sion ot CWcago. r
respiratory organs which I had for several months, and which nothing l^^^tn}*™*
else I tried seemed to cure. §SsSS? -p'S g^Sffew
"I have taken a couple of doses since each week during the hYv h / e b ver known /_
i i r i . i i ± • ii i for eenpr.il d^bil- v5i 1 \5l
winter, and I find it keeps me from contracting any colds, and my ity-a sure cure / r "T^ESFar
general health has been unusually good this entire winter, due I jiaim and a nev« ?er,
o ' " failing adjuster in y >Qe? f*t
firmly believe to the health-giving qualities of your wonderful remedy. ' $ a^ ve 0f a i d 9^ s SI?d n
Yours sincerely, Miss Bertha Fischer. i^^fartS'es^ind Sgs^SjiSS?^
weak nerves com- Hf£ig& fljfl^f/^// '
Catching cold In the summer Is a more peculiar to summer, which causes a mul- mon to the ?ex. — ~lg8fc-J
».„.,.„.. iwcnrrpTiop than Is most eener- titude of people to catch cold. and have found It
iuv suoDoied Winter Ps severally 7up- Mrs . Mary Lawler of Appleton. Wls most satisfactory. Mrs. Clara Makemer.
al^y supposed. \% inter is generaiij sup wa3 cured of an annoy i nK summer cold For almost any
posed to be the time for colds. But cool by p eruna . j n a rec ent letter to Dr. Hart- Internal trouble J
nights alternating with hot days, sudden man she says: Peruna is an Ideal medicine chest, and de-
showers following sultry heat, profuse "Last August I caught a summer cold serving of the confidence and indorsement
perspiration and cooling draughts, are all which settled in the kidneys and caused of all."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. PROSPECTIVE
FURNITURE AND
CARPET BUYERS
WlH lecrn sonjeth ing to their advan- •
tage by giving us an early call.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Xear PowelL
Fre« Delivery Within 100 Miles.
NOTICE
— or —
Redemption 5 Bonds
Holder* of bonds or the
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Are hereby notifled that there Is now in the
hands of the undersigned trustee, under th»
mortgage or df«l of trust by -which the pay-
irent of said bonds is secured, the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars in gold, which under
the terms of said mortgage is applicable to the
redemption or purchase of said bonds, and that
the undersigned will receive sealed bids at its
office, situated at
2 iMONTGOiMERY STREET,
IX THE
CITY AND COUNTY
OF
S/\IN FRANCISCO,
For the surrender of said bonds, until
12 M. ON THURSDAY,
THE
9th DAY OF AUGUST, 190»,
at which time proposals will be opened. Xo bid
will be considered exceeding 10 per cent above
the face value of bonds. Proposals to be
Indorsed "Proposals for the Surrender of First
Mortgage Bonds Oceanic Steamship Company/*
UNION TRUST COMPANY
of San Francisco, Trustee.
Dated August 2. 1SC0.
RADWAY'S READY KELUfF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 30 years a* a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Tothaehe and all pains. Internal. y
for Malaria uxl aU Bowel Palas. AU dru^z'.su.Mrs. Grey, residing at 1779A Eddy street,
while on her way home last night, fell to
the sidowalk on Pierce street in an uncon
scious condition. She was carried to her
home, but expired in a few moments. Dr.
Mary Campbell, who attended the woman,
declares death was caused by heart
trouble. The Morgue officials were noii
ned.
« » ¦
The Chinese surname comes tirst instead
of last. /
Dropped Dead on the Street .
The San Francisco I>abor and Eullding
Trades Councils hold a meeting last night
at Metropolitan Temple. ¦ The object of
the meeting was to explain to the various
labor oreanizations and to .the public the
advantages of the proposed Labor Temple
E. ti. Malsbery. Myron -Wolff, P. H.
McCarthy and Cleveland L. Dam, attorney
for the Trades Council in the Labor Tem
ple. Association, spoke at length on the
proposition. The site for the temple will
be purchased when the stock has-been
subscribed for by the small investors. It
is deemed advisable to refuse to sell in
blocks to capitalists, though the stock
could have been disposed of in this way
some time ago.'
« ? ¦ ,' ¦'VS/:*--.'; I
The total number, of emigrants to-Can
ada for. the six months ended the 30th of
Jun» was 24,930.-" . • j
Labor Councils Meet.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 4.-A meeting of
th,e directors of the California Hop Grow
ers' Association was held here to-day.
Secretary W. E. Lovdal read communi
cations from the hop-growing sections of
this State and Oregon, showing that the
growers heartily indorsed the objects of
the association, which is to decrease the
surplus. The hop-growers realize that
low prices are due to over-production and
that the only remedy is to -reduce the
output.
Reports from prominent growers of So
noma, Mendocino, Santa Cruz and Lake
counties were to the effect that the crop
was short from 25 to 50 'per cent in dif
ferent sections.
. A. A. Merkley, secretary of/the Sacra
mento Valley Hop-Growers' 'Association,
reported that the outlook In Sacramento,
Yolo and vicinity is for a falling off of at
least one-third. \ Henry Ottenheimer, a
hop dealer at Salem, Or., explained what
had been accomplished by the Hop Grow
ers' Association of Oregon, which . was
formed for the same purpose as the Cali
fornia organization. He said his firm was
so* well pleased with the brewer plan and
could see such luturo success for the hop
Industry that it will guarantee the grow
ers of Oregon 15 eei}ts per pound for all
sound hops srown In that State, provided
they will destroy or leave unharvested 25
per cent of thisir crops throughout. Mr.
Ottenheimer said that should the price of
hops go above that figure '.they will re
tain a 25 per cent commission on all above
the guaranteed price." The tirm Is pre
pared to give bonds suftlcient to protect
the grower and carry out the plans as
proposed. • -
The directors, nfter considering the re
ports of the different sections of the State
in regard to crop ; prospects, concluded
that inasmuch as nature had reduced the
surplus to such an extent It would not
be necessary to carry out the plans of
the association for the coming season.
Consequently it was decided- to adjourn
until after harvesting season, at which
time "the work will be resumed and car
ried out to completion.
; ¦ ? ¦
Francis Williams' Big Estate.
Rperlal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 4.— Mrs. Jennie
Williams to-day petitioned the Superior
Court for letters of administration on the
estate of her deceased husband, Francis
Williams, .who died at their home in Mill
Valley. last Sunday, Mr. Williams was a
pioneer stonemason of San Francisco and
accumulated a large fortune. According
to the petition filed 'by Attorneys Lennon
and Hawkins the estate is worth about
$175,000 and consists of real estate In Mill
Valley and San Francisco, stocks, bonds
and money In several banks.
II.1ODI, Aug. i.— Mrs. Georgp ..Wlgglnton of
Oakland died to-day of concussion of- the
brain at her cousin's farm near town. - Thurs
day of last -week . she Jumped from a carriage
when the horses were running away. She struck
on her head and was found some tlraeafter in
an unconscious condition, from which she never
rallied.'-" ¦:-¦¦ -...--.¦-.••=*-:,-¦¦¦-.:--
HOP GROWERS NEED NOT
LEAVE CROPS UNHARVESTED
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Direct charges of
"IllPK.-il and fraudulent contracts'* and
fate* statements to Stock. Exchanges are
made in a bill of chancery filed by Sutro
Urns, of New York against th<» Chi
cago Union Traction Compauny and the
Consolidated Traction Company and the
nnswer to the bill filed by the Union
Traction Company. The -bills are the re
mit of the recent merging of the Consoli
dated Traction line- -with the Union Trac
tion Company, which was accomplished
by Charles T. Terkes, the main condition
of which was the granting of downtown
concessions to th<> outlying lines and the
ruarant^itiK of $<i.m<X»4% per cent bonds
issued in <xchanpe for Consolidated stock.
Sutro Bros, denounce the contract as
void and fraudulent on the ground that
ro fair compensation was given. In an
swer to this charge and the petition filed
later for an injunction the Union Trac
tion Company declares that at the time
at the formation of the Consolidated Com
pany by the merging of the seven eubur
l an lines they had accumulated a book
nxrplua of only £31R. but if the books of
the suburban line had been kept rightly
••instead of by fictitious methods they
would have shown a deficit.
Bill in Equity Filed by Sutro
Brcthers of New
York.
FRAUD CHARGED
IS MERGING OF
CHICAGO LINES
List of Articles on Which
the Tariff Has Been
. • Changed. -
t
Calls for the Annullment of the Regu
lations Providing for the Inspec
tion of Dried or Evap
orated Fruit.
»
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.-Following is
the text of the commercial agreement
with Germany, upon which the Presi
dent's proclamation -was issued on July
13, 1I<K) The State Department has beea
Informed it has been published In Ger
many to-day:
The ur.(3er»1ffnod, on behalf of thirlr reac
tive rovenuneota, hav<» concluded the follow
ing commercial agreement:
First— In conformity with the authority con
ferred on the President in section 3 of the
customs act of the I'nlted States, approved I
July 24. 1*97,- it is agreed on the part of the
United States that the following products ol
the soil and intiuptry cf Ormany imported
into tht L'nited States shall, from and after
the date when this proclamation ehall be put
into force, be subjected to reduced tariff rates
provided by said section as follows:
L*j>on aisols, or crude tartar, or wine lees,
crude, 5 r>er centum ad valorem.
Upon brandies, or other spirits, manufactured
or distilled from grain or other material*.,
$1 T5 per proof Ballon.
I'pon still wines and vermouth. In cases, 35
cents t>er gallon; In bottles or jugs, per caws
of one dozen bottles or Jugs, containing each
not more than a quart and more than a pint,
or twenty-four bottles or Jugs contalninK each
not more than one pint, Jl 25 per case, and
any excess beyond these <juantities found in
*uch bottles or Jugs shall be subject to a duty
of 4 cents per pint or fractional part thereof,
but no separate or additional duty shall be
asresred upon the bottles or Jucs.
Upon painting* in oil or water colors, pastels,
pen and ink drawings, statuary, 15 per centum
ad valorem-
Second— Reciprocally the imperial Govern
ment Kuaranttes to the products of the United
States on their entry into Germany the tariff
rates which have been conceded by the commer
cial treaties concluded during the years 1S31-94
between Germany on the one part and Bel
gium, Italy, Austria-Hungary. Koumania, .Rus
sia, Switzerland and Servia oh the other part.
Moreover, the imperial German Government
willl, as poon as thtp agreement shall be put in
force, annul the regulations providing that the
dried or evaporated lrurts imported from the
United States Into Germany b* Inspected on
account of the San Jose scale. These fruits
shall, during thip continuance in force of this
agreement, be admitted in-to Germany without
cthor charges than the payment of the cus
toms duties to which they may now or in fu
ture be subject by law.
Third— From and after the date of the Presi
dent's proclamation, which ehall give effect to
this agreement, the same shall be In force and
ehall continue in full force until three months
fnjm the date when either party shall notify
the other of its intention to terminate the
same.
Done in duplicate In Englisn and German
texts, at Washington, this tenth day of July,
one thousand nine hundred.
JOHN HAY. Secretary of State.
. HOLLGPKN,
Embasrador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
of His Imi»f rial and Royal Majesty. - th<»
Emperor of Germany, the King of Prussia.
FULL TEXT OF
THE NEW TREATY
WITH GERMANY
Loss Will Aggregate at
Least One Million
Dollars.
»
Firemen Use Dynamite to Check the
Spread of the Flames, but a
Change of Wind Endan
ger* Other Property.
ASHLAND, Wis., Aug. 4.— Fire to-day
destroyed 'a million dollars' worth of prop
erty in the lumber district of the city.
The flames were checked after three
hours' struggle, before they reached the
valuable sawmills and ore docks along the
water front. To-night the fire broke out
again and threatens further heavy loss.
At 1:30 p. m. fire broke out in the lum
ber yards of Barker & Stewart. It spread
rapidly to the Kristone Lumber Company
yards, and in a short time had destroyed
almost fifty million feet of lumber, in
cluding six tramways. Carried by a strong
wind, the fire brands started a blaze in
the lime, salt and cement dock, a quarter
of a mile away. The dock burned liks
powder. It was a quarter of a mile long
and was soon reduced to ruins together
with a warehouse containing thousands of
dollars' worth of merchandise and sevftral
miies of railroad track.
Four thousand pounds of dynamite wa*
brought to the scene and distributed all
around the edge of the fire zone. Piles
of lumber and scores of small buildings
were blown to atoms and the flames con
fined. Xone of the great sawmills had
been destroyed. The loss is easily a mil
lion dollars. Edward Hines said that the
loss of his firm alone was $800,000; fully
Insured.
At S o'clock this evening, the wind,
which had steadily favored the tire fight
ers, suddenly veered toward the city and
developed into a gale. The alarm was
sounded again and every available piece
of fire apparatus was brought into action,
but it appeared probable that the mill of
Barker & Stewart, Durfee's Mill, the Ash
land Iron and Steel Company's 'property
and the Ohio Coal Company's dock would
be destroyed. > ' . . %
At 9 o'clock, when it seemed as if the
whole city was in great danger, the wind
suddenly veered again toward the bay.
At 10 o'clock the iire was checked except
In one place, and there Is good prospect of
checking that. The flames have eaten to
within forty feet of a long double row of
lumber piles running directly to the Key-
Etone mill, and if the fire gets into this
the mill will go.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 4.— A special to the
Rrntinel from Ashland pays: In the Bar
ker & Stewart yard four employes assist
ing in the dynamiting were pinioned be*
tween burning piles of lumber and were
seen to go down in the lire raging be
neath them. v£^
FIRE DESTROYS
LUMBER YARDS
IN WISCONSIN
Opinion of Richard Harding
Davis on the Situation
in South Africa.
Lord Algernon Lennox and Forty
Men Captured, but Released,
on Request of American .
Consul General.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— In the opinion of
Richard Harding Davis, the end of the
war in South Africa is still a long way
off, and the determined remnant of the
Boer army is strongly intrenched and able
to 'fight' on Indefinitely. Mr. Davis, who
was correspondent for The Call and He'r
ald In SQuth Africa, arrived with Mrs.
Davis on the American liner New York
to-day from Cherbourg. It is about two
months since the writer left the field, but
his belief that the Boers have an almost
unconquerable army has not been
changed by recent events in the Trans
vaal. __- !
Mr. and Mrs. .Davis, the latter leading
a fierce looking bulldog, were among the
first off the New York. It was while
waiting for his baggage to be inspected
that Mr. Davis was asked for his opinion
of the situation In the Transvaal. He j
said that he left the British army and j
joined the Boers because he was not al
lowed to send the truth about the cam- j
paiRn. "They cut my dispatches and !
twisted facts so. much that I decided to
leave." He raid: "When there was a!
Boer victory 1 was not allowed to send j
the story as it was. When the British be- i
came confused and fired on their men I I
was told I must not send that."
Of the present situation Mr. Davis said: !
"It is about as if New York State were i
tho seat of war and the British should ;
move north and take Albany, driving the
Boers ' up into the Adirondack region, j
They have provisions for two years, know ]
the rugged country thoroughly, are deter
mined to fight on to the end and at the !
same time the British line of communl- i
cation between New Vork and Albany is
being constantly cut by attacks from the |
side. 7 ' , :
LONDON. Aug. 4.— Lord Roberts tele- !
graphs to the War Office that General
Hunter reports that 334S men have surren
dered to him altogether. I
General Hunter also secured 1462 horses
and three guns.
Lord Roberts adds that General Ian
Hamilton continued his movement toward ,
Rustenburg and engaged the Boers in the
Magaliesburg range Thursday.
Lord Lennox Captured. j
Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes and Major
G. A. Williams were among the forty-one ;
British wounded. The Boers left two
dead and several badly wounded. Thurs
day night a train was derailed and at
tacked twenty miles south of Kroonstad.
four men being killed and three wounded.
Lord Algernon Lennox and forty men
were made prisoners, but were released
at the request of the American Consul
General, who was In the train. A^ Boer
force attacked General Knox near Kroon-
Ptad Wednesday, August 1. but was
routed and left five wagons and a lot of
cattle.
A dispatch from Pretoria, dated August
4. to a news agency here says: "It is re
ported that General Christian Dewet Is
dead from a shell wound. The report has
not been confirmed."
FOURIERSRURCl, Aug. 4.— There are
250fl Boer prisoners at General Hunter's
camp and 1000 prisoners and nine guns at
General Ian Hamilton's camp. There
were about 5000 in the Caledon Valley
originally, but .some refused to acquiesce
In General Prinsloo's surrender and.slip
ped away in the' night. These have now
sent in, asking for terms of sui render.
It will take pome days .to ascertain the
exact number. The Boers \vho excuse
themselves for not lighting say they are
in a hopeless position. The ravines were
choked with wagons, which were placed
in the most dangerous spots of the roads,
which were blocked for twenty miles.
Olivier Escapes.
LONDON, Aug. 4.— The War Office has
received a dlsnatch from Lord Roberts,
dated at Pretoria, August 4, which says:
"Commandant Olivier has managed to
escape to the hills In the vicinity of Beth
lehem with 1500 men. He has informed
General Bruce Hamilton that he does not
consider himself bound by General Prins
loo's offer of surrender, and that his force
intends to continue the war. He has
taken a position between Harrlsmlth and
the Newmarket road. Lieutenant Gen
eral Handle Is now following him.
"Prisoners captured by General Ian
Hamilton says that only soft-nosed bul
lets are now nerved out to the Boers,
hence the wounds of our men are very
serious. I am presenting this matter and
protesting to General Botha."
LOURENZO MARQUES. Aug. 4.— All of
the customs officials and railway em
ployes have bfu-n dismissed and replaced
by military officers.
BOERS MAY
HOLD OUT FOR
MARY MONTHS
Lieutenant Aitstaetter and
Escort Captured After a
Gallant Fight.
Party of Fifteen Surrounded -on
the San Miguel Road in Luzon
by a Large Body of
Filipinos.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— The first seri
ous check which the American troops
have met in the Philippines during, the
past two months is recorded In a dispatch
received this morning from General Mac-
Arthur. It is assumed that the little
American command which suffered so se
verely was completely trapped and was
obliged to surrender or be exterminated.
The message is as follows: -
"MANILA, Aug. 4.-Adjutant General.
Washington: First Lieutenant Aitstaetter,
Corps of Engineers, United States army,
with an escort' of fifteen men. was at
tacked on August 1 on the road between
San Miguel de Mayug (Luzon) and San
Isidro by an armed band of insurgents re
ported as 350 strong. The entire party was
killed, wounded or captured.
"Killed— Troop H, Fourth Cavalry.
Richard Dichler.
"Wounded— Charles M. Newman, arm,
serious; Walter Brewer wounded in arm,
serious; Company A. Battalion of Kngl
neers, U. S. A., Edward Long, wounded In
abdomen, serious'
"Captured— Lieutenant Aitstaetter. Com
pany A, Battalion of Engineers, Henry T.
Crenshaw; Troop H, Fourth Cavalry, Ar
thur Bates, Charles J. Fuchsinger. Ed
ward J. Cromer, George K. Naub, William
J. Gerrity. John Coughlin, Robert F. Tay
lor. Joseph E. Mealey.
"The wounded were sent to San. Isidro
¦with a,, note from Lacuna Maraimo, an
nouncing that the prisoners would be well
treated. x MACARTHUR."
Another casualty list from MacArthur
Is as follows:
MANILA. Aug. 4.— Killed, July 26. Sa
rlaya, Luzon, Company F, Thirtieth In
fantry. Ellis O. Kindred, Charles Krlger;
July 12, Oromtuieta, Mindanao, Company
I, Fortieth Infantry, Sergeant I. N. State
ly.
"Wounded— Sergeant Harry Emmerl.
wounds on chest, slight; April 26. Lapaz,'
Leyte, Company I, Twenty-third Infantry
—Sergeant Gottlieb D. Schlewing. in head,
slight; G. J. Knofenka, In head slight;
June 30, Pavia, Panay, Company K, Twen
ty-Sixth Infantry— O. M. Utz, elbow,
slight; July 21, Badone, Luzon. Company
G. Twelfth Infantry— Corporal Thomas
Smith, leg above knee, slight; F. B. Conk
lin, hand, slight; Arthur Salter. leg, above
knee, slight; March 26, Calbyog. Company
G, Thirty-fourth Infantry— Charles E. Me
sick, hand, slight.
X,os Angeles Charter Board Organize
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 4.-The new
Board of Freeholders recently elected
to draft a new city charter has
met and organized. General John R.
Mathews was made temporary chairman,
while N. P. Conrey temporary secre
tary. The board starts Into work next
Tuesday night. When noses were counted
at the opening of the meeting and thirteen
members were found to be present the su
perstitious freeholders began to look for
some sort of an antidote in the way of a
mascot, but were forced to proceed with
out one. The oath was administered to
all those present who had not previously
appeared before the City Clerk, but in or
der- to fully comply with the law it was
decided that the County Clerk must ad
minister the oath to the freeholders; also
that each of the latter must file with the
County Clerk an affidavit in order to com
ply, with the rule under the "purity of
elections" law.
NOBLE IS CONVICTED
OF EMBEZZLEMENT
Question Involved in the Case That
Is of Interest to Insurance
Companies.
Frank P. Noble, agent for the New York
Life Insurance Company, was convicted
of misdemeanor embezzlement by Judge
Conlan yesterday and sentenced to pay a
fine of $10, which was promptly forthcom
ing The Judge was lenient from the fact
that Noble had already been forty-seven
davs in the City Prison.
Noble had collected a premium of $54 45
and a verbal demand was made upon him
for it, but he refused to hand it over till
paid the commission. He was originally
charged with grand larceny, but as there
might be a question as to the commission
the charge' was reduced to misdemeanor.
For the defense it was argued that ac
cording to the agreement between the
company and defendant a demand in writ
ing had to .be made, which had not been
done.
The prosecution contended that a verbal
demand was sufficient, and It was the
duty of the defendant to turn In the pre
mium and then he would be paid his com
mission. Besides, the defendant had $103
which the company had advanced him.
.. - ¦ ? ¦
South Park Improvement Club.
At a meeting of the South Park Im
provement Club Friday night at 930 How
ard street the following named "officers
were elected: M. J. McBride. president;
S. H. Williams, secretary: F. A. Pike,
sergeant at arms. Forty-five new mem
bers were added to the roll. Meetings
will be held weekly.
DISASTER TO
A DETACHMENT
OF AMERICANS
No Speaker Could. Hold an
Audience With It for
a Half-Hour.
•
Former Senator FTom West Virginia
Admits That Republicans Can
Meet Democrats on the
Trust Issue. '
r~*
Former United States Senator Charles
A. Faulkner of West Virginia, accompan
ied by his wife, arrived on the Oregon
express last night and is at the Palace.
Senator Faulkner, who is one of the stal
warts of the Democratic party, said last
evening in an interview granted to a Call
reporter that the silver question was
dead.
"Parties cannot make issues." he said;
"they are made by the force of events. 1 "
Imperialism will be the one issue, ac
cording to his belief. He frankly acknowl
edged that on the trust question the Re
publicans would be able to meet the Dem
ocrats half way.
The Senator has visited San Francisco
several times before and this time he per
suaded Mrs. Faulkner, who had not been
further west than Chicago, to make this
trip instead of a visit to the Paris Exposi
tion.
Their journey was made by way of the
Canadian Pacific, irom Montreal to Van
couver, thence to Seattle and then to
Portland. They will make an extended
visit here, with short trips to other parts
of the State.
Senator Faulkner last visited San Fran
cisco in 1831, when, with Congressman By
num of Indiana «nd Chauncey F. BlacK.
president of the National Association of
Democratic Clubs, he toured the States
of the Northwest in the interest of the
Democratic party. The distinguished trio
were sent out by the National Committee
to perfect the party organization particu
larly in Utah and the Dakotas. They vis
ited San Francisco and were received with
high honors by the Democracy of the
State.
"I always look forward to a visit to San
Francisco with pleasant anticipations."
said Senator Faulkner— "more so than to
a visit to any other city of the country.
For one thing, there are a large number
of my old college friends from the law
school of the University of Virginia here—
"Billy" Foote, Judge Hoss, Judge Evans
and others— and I see old friends every
where.
"From what I learn, the expansion pol
icy of the administration la strongly sup
ported on the Pacific Coast. I was op
posed to the retention of the Philippines,
though I voted for the Paris treaty, which
in no way committed the United States
to an imperialistic policy. My chief ob
jection to keeping the Philippines -was
based on the fact that our national de
fense would be weakened. Any third or
fourth rate European power at war with
us could now capture Manila and Hono
lulu. We have so extended a- sea coast
that even with a much larger navy than
we have now it would be impossible for
us to use our warships to defend posses
sions so far away. Vet we would never
make peace while an enemy held those
possessions.
"A few Democrats in the North think
we have a fighting chance to carry Wash
ington. In the East we have anticipated
that the coast States would be strongly
Influenced in favor of the Republican
party by the imperialistic policy of the
administration.
"The Democratic National Committee
will make a very earnest fight this year.
It has more money at its command than
it had four years ago, and it will make It
very Interesting > for our friends of the
other side. Its hope of carrying Indiana
and possibly Illinois and Michigan Is
mounting higher.
"Imperialism will be the issue. The sil
ver question has pretty well dropped out
of the running. Parties cannot make is
sues. They are made by the force of
events. A party may put free coinage at
16 to 1 in its platform, but I doubt if any
speaker at the present time could enter
tain an audience for half an hour with a
discussion of the silver question.
"After imperialism the trust question
will be the great subject of discussion. It
has merit as a political issue, but I am
afraid our Republican friends will be able
to meet us halfway on It, especially
since the nomination of Roosevelt."
Senator Faulkner's term as Senator
from West Virginia expired a year ago
last March. Since that time he has been
practicing law in Washington. He was
sole counsel for W. A. Clark of Montana
in his fight for a scat In the Senate.
At a regular meeting of the Glen Park
Improvement Club nt Fairmount Hall
last night a committee composed of
Messrs. Heck. Gamier and Stader was
appointed to wait upon the City Engineer
and Southern Pacific Company in regard
to the opening of Arlington street to
Berkshire street and to request the Mar
ket street and the San Mateo Railway
companies to extend their lines through
the Almshouse tract.
The Single Tax Society will celebrate
the anniversary of the birthday of Henry
George September 1 on an elaborate scale.
Addresses will be made by James G. Ma
gulre, Stephen Potter, president of the
society, anrl Joseph Lesgett. the society's
first president. Miss Ella V. McCloskey.
a cousin of Henry George, will sing arid
there will be other musical numbers.
FAULKNER SAYS
SILVER QUESTION
HAS COLLAPSED
THE SAN FRAXCrSCO CiiLL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900
24
nia-n Pftrit iTrmrovement .Club.
Henry George's Birthday.
Saturday's business shows Lucke's to be the greatest
shoe sale ever held in San Francisco. A large crowd had been
provided for, buflt was far toolarge to be Handled.
, Apologies are made to the hundreds turned away, and on
Monday the force 0. salesmen will be doubled. If this doesn't
¦* relieve the jam the force will be doubled again.
Those disnppoinied Saturday will very likely be able
to gain admittancvManday.
The store is still full of bargains—bargains as big as
on Saturday. The day's business was enormous, but It is an
enormous stock.
Wsntori 60 Goo{1 stloe Salesmen '
W u II lull Applg i Monday before 8 a.m.
L, tlC ICC ,-3
832 Market. Street.
AD VESTISEMENTS. . ' " ' "
tk d* rfr «^ •£>? *i? f& *& ?&^
J EXTRAORDINARY SALE
1 TABLE LOiENS, NAPKINS AND TOWELS.
4-' «
+-, . V.> announce FOR ONH WEEK, cimm^noinp TO-MORROW, a NOTEWORTHY PALE of high-class TABLE LINEN'S. XAP-
KIN'S an,1 TOWELP. Thi* pnnrmoun purehaso was consummated by our New- Vork buyer, direct from the largest Lineii manufac-
uir«T In «l«»rmany. at a TREMENDOUS prtoo conception. Th.e. choicest and mart effective deslens are represented in this-. maRnin-
ctnt «->n>rl!i{r. OS wtitcti we can guarantee you a savinc (if at l<>ast I5."» i>er cent. Hotels. Boarding Houses and general housekeepers
cannot afford tS miff thif OEEAT t«ALK. for tuch Opportunities, right at the height of the eeason, are rare.
Here we quote value* withimt peer or rival:
| LINENS. CRASHES., NAPKINS.
~ S5 i ieces= nieachM Table * r*± 500 pleco* lS-inch Bleached I 2^0 doren All Linen Tnble _ _
Sjt Pairapk a pv<I »earine «?ual- /¦ U f> Pafrask Toweling:, soft finish. £-* ' g~* Napkins, cood sire, well as- C>|J.J>3
•^ Ity; regular val-ie GUC Sale *-g- f-xtra ht-avy: regular value 10c. \o'a\m sorted patterns: regular value §
jr\ price Vard Sale price, Tard nr v ?1 go dozen. Sale price V17 B
T? Dozen
4* l«o rl«~ 7Mn«* Bleached - o 3W pieces lS-inch Checked 4 v^in^^Vavy^uImi* «+> « K5
| §^M^M 48c E^^^-S sOc !^^^m$l—
<r . • • 100 dozen All Linen Nap- '" o _
Xt 4^ rii^ces pure Linen. C6-!nch g-^ y-w 2*0 pieces l«-inch Barnsley All g /~V kins, in the choicest de- C* / B iJJ
*-' r>arnaFk that cannot be thought m~m. ¦ ¦/""* Linen Toweling, so much used Of ¦/¦"* signs, a beautiful napkin, J
jr. lirder «c yarii. Pale price VrVrV^ t<T Roller Towels; worth 15c |\/Vy size 24x14: worth $3 50 dozen. K±JJmr—-.
*^ Yard yard. Sale price Yard Sale price Dozen-
J& S00 dozen hand-loom Hem- . r- m
+•' 100 rifles tt-inch pure Linen. 500 dozen All Linen Damaek /~* 0 stitched Huek Towels, in fl> ,OD
Jt jn exceptionally fine quality. V£ ff g-* rK.ilirs that sell on sieht at J **\f* white and colored borders, JT
*? rhoici-Ft designs: worth 1125 \J ,^L\. T5c. Sale price '. soft finish; well, worth $3 50 K\J> Jm*
JSft yard. Sale price Yard Dozen doren. Sale price Dozen
j««^ ¦
% sfecial PRICES A Great Offering. in "¦
a SHEETS AND CASES. UUmUSK I (lUlU UIULII&.
* SE c^-iF Sk 1500 at 60c on the Dollar - --— 'SFsS^
4* .VJcKach TIviQ mc-KncY. It would be impossible for us to sell them at the rrlces quoted "._.,,.
*^ SOc r.ath fl*90 <{sp Each below but for the fact that the manufacturer was willing to sae- SPREADS.
«", <:«U- narh S*.xS0 73e Eacfc rifice them, there being no narkins left that would match the «' "*-
„ T j. .. .V cloths Our cash offer of SOe r,a the dollar was accepted, which lc0 Honeycomb Spreads, large
4 y i:;t^^J^:.7a6 l eClo<*s. $1.45 each Tab* Cloth*. $2.45 each s^ price O^
y covered with pretty ¦Bkollne 2x2 yards- Worth SI 00. 2x3 yards- V orth $3 »0. J^^f"*",^ 8 /^,^" designs.
{ iE°^iJ:Sf»8c|s?'.5£* =^> s - IfiliS S2 ~
| CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS AT SPECIAL PRICES.
r. 3!K) pairs full-six* White All-Wool Blankets, with pretty borders, repular value 15 50. §3 t £)5 PAIR
•J4 S p^Ciii 1 '
?% S00 pairs *xtra large size White A U- Wool Blankets, with pretty borders, regular value C.J..85 PAIR
~3* MM. Special v "^~T
f TAFFETA SILKS. A SPECIAL SALE OF SKIRTS. DRESS GOODS SPECIALS.
*& Pome or the very t*« opportunities for _ _ .. ->y «- p. Mf*U PUFUIDT
%. Tafreta Silk buyer* this week: S3L35 for d S5.00 Silk $1.25 DLALK LtiCVIU I
4p We are in reo-Hpt of l'<n pieces unbreak- .« n ,, , aa ¦ V J
r^ able Taffrta Silks of a high luster. In all mOreefl PettlCOat 88 C I WO
•£* t f,e newest fall oolTirings, includine CO of
•- th-^ s-tapie shades, silks that >-ou pay else- One of our f am ,. us Monday offerinsp. The W» reeured 15 pieces extra heavy fins
•^* where <k a yard for; for this -7 CT C qualitr of Silk Moreen used "for these skirts Hlack. Cheviot. 50 inches- wide., already
t w»ek. yard t t>*- retail* at me a vard; they are made in the s;~need and shrunk, that we know would
4* tr*> varJs :i-inrh Hiack TafTetn. a hea\T latest Jashi.n with a ll-inch accordion readily sell at $1 25, but we made a %-ry
»• rtwtUni quality, brilliant finish, 7Q r plaited flounce, extra wMth and lencth. tn favorable purchase, that is the UUr»
regular value S-V-; «r>e Ma! at yard.. ( DC co k 11s of Lavender, l^urple. Royal Rlue. reason our price on Monday. >ard.
_L «» vards rr-'nch Kark Taffeta, excep- -Mode Oreen. Gray. Red and Black: Yegular
** tiona! quality that wf'I wear weil for waists value J..; special, each >)3 —
* Sg^SSSiSI 88c — 46-INCH CASHMERE
* EMBROIDERIES FOR MONDAY. PER- g5c Yard
JL; |M rie-= Cambric Kmbroideries. sraod /2 2 Q C ALES # C
quality, cholc<!-t i'atterns. Z to 4 inches * «-»-='w --»-*-.—.»— - Ready now with an advance sale of New
£+ wide, 'worth 15c; special, yard.... "7/» \\> win sell on Monday In all about KO Cashmere that will be so popular for
ir' • *» pieces of the ho?t <iuality tf-lnch American waists, a soft and pretty Quality, In these
Ji. Una varti« Vomaaiiv Valenciennes and Percul*. in the b^st designs and colorings, fashionable coloring-s: Gray. Gobelin, Tur-
ToFnt de I'aris Lac*-, neat desiens. 1 to 2 that always Fold at 12i-e a yard and which quciEC Castor. Tan. Cadet Reseda. Navy,
Jfe fnolK-s wide worth luc; Fr^c.al, rZ n .we offer at the lowest price yet -7 ~ Cardinal ajid Brown, the »l qual- QRq
"2? j a!/ , ' OL named; yard • *» ity;sreclal, yard KJ<V\*
<£ COUNTRY O.'DERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. '
J%
I Dependable Drugs.
NOT AFRAID
TO ADVERTISE
OWL PRICES.
ThJ Owl cut-rats prices save med-
icine-buyers Irom 20 per cent to 50
per cent Prices so low we like to
n advertise them.
I Saunter** Fa«re Powder 25o
I Lablache Face Powder JOc
ff Malvina Cream *;«
» Cumrlllne «»j»c
I? Sozodont ••• iIV c
H Dickey's Creme de Ll» .K>o
Q Lennox Dandruff Cure....
¦j Valdler'B Violet Ammonia ;~sc
S Balley'e L*nollne Cr*am -»c
3 Florida Water »•»«
a Mennen 1 * Talcum Powder Joe
¦ L*flev> Talcum Powder J&«?
I Carters Pills ••• }*£
M Hr.fr* Extract of Malt jS»c.
H limner's Extract of Malt •*«*«
9 m THE OWL
| 51| DMG CO.,
| lipfl Cut-Rate Druggists,
I -lilf i 128 Market St.,
R V?3CKw £AN FRANCISCO.
I rw[ Tenth aai Broadway,
1 -*£'•--— *^> OAKLAND,
ADVEBTISEaTEUTS.
I
Sunday, August 5th
I, \ '
There is no sense in
buying the boy cheap
clothes. There is no
economy in lack of
quality.
We could sell poor
clothes at half these
j prices and make
J money — but lose
j friends.
i Wewantyoutobuy
all your boys* clothes
I of us.
Bovs' School Suits
Heavy closely woven worsted,
; very durable — double breasted
coats — pants with double scats
; and knees — double stitched
and twice as good as the price
I would indicatc-mixed effects—
won't show dirt — a golf cap
free with every suit — at
The Red Front for - - $2.40
Boys' School Suits
A little finer fabric than the
one above, silk mixtures, fancy
stripes — blue serge3 or mixed
tweed3 or cheviots — double
I breasted coats, pants with
double seats and knees — ages
8 to 15 — some stores sell
I these suits at $4.35 — others
at J4-85 — the Red Front't
price with a golf cap free,
; at The Red Fronr, - - $3.55
• Bor»' Shoes — Boys* Capg — Boys' Waists-
Boys' Stockings— Boys* ShirtS^-Boyj' Un-
derwear — Boy»" Neckwear — A Boy's Store
One entire floor for boys* clothing
Mail Orders Filled
A TtrofVK
I
X-RAY! X-RAY! X-RAY!
By our X-RAT EXAM-
INATIONS we locate th«
EjuftLAuftuO trouble through any portion
VtaV&UiHv&tSSa of the body, sefir.s ths
¦ "' K 1 '. >"**»"'*«' i< sanni? anil making photo-
.* |^,'L y praphs at the patient's re-
T^grlllfffilffi DISEASES OF WOMEN.
'Vjffffiffi MEN AND CHILDREN'.
"*¦*£! hljPH" Specially Rlntxl. Kiiln'y.
1 • £= flllO • 1 Skin. Heart and Uver dla-
T7P T C*7?J?P»S' pases, Paralysis. Nervous
jrJ* y,-/'«! t*ftft- Mj Prostration. Mental Fall-
*-*Ty . J ._ . ure and r>r>r#sslon. Rhen-
mmmm-****^^* inatlsm and Piles, Cancer
and Consumption.
The X-RAT cures when everything else falls.
Highly recommended by the whole scientific
world.
THE GE3KAM PHT3ICIAN3 (!»«« Tztm Earop),
1019 XA&KST STKEET. S»e Friaeiseo.
Professional advice free.
H ' J H I 9 'A^Ni
I i| I J pan EH ¦flj a ra 1
S M ra Eva £j a.CrJB
STOISG F»O GUY.
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TA1.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years in
China, has located tn San
Francisco. The nurprtsing and
marvelous curfs effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
potence and his skill. The.«
herbs cure over 400 different
diseases, including Bright'*
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Main
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to call. Office. TIT Washington St. Offl-e
hours— 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
10 a. m. to 12 m. . Accept grateful thanks 'or
effecting a cure of asthma of several years'
•landing. A. PARLEY. San Rafael.
«5C» CHICHCVTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
9 . y^"*x Original And Only 4><iu!ae.
£-A\ &&A *«• CHICHESTEK'S FACUSQ
«^-i»««<A I" UK!* .»! ««lit nwta-lio tarn ml*)
fH «S» Vs$ l>»«xer»u* Sabailtattaa. .»d laltZ
I / ~ fiftlw". Boy »t j<rar DragglM. or wa<l 4e. I*
*r A t«rn Hall. 1 0.OOO T«*tlmsatala. 8*bt »»
DR. HALL'S REIN YlG0RAT0R»mjl
Five hundred reward for any MwgB3l
csse we cannot cure. This secret 9BS KM
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. 9 w
cures Emissions, Impotenoy. Vart- W9BI HSSf
I "cocele. Gonorrhoea. C.Uet. Fits. KffH IPffl
t Strictures, Lost Manhood and all tilLJ IL'lj
! was tin ; effects of self-iibu.se or Wv% W^J
! excesses. Sent sealed. 12 "Kittle; 3 BkStoKSSSl
i bottles. *3: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
¦ dress HALIVP MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10T34
i Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
! &cp,^g«».
S^PAT ENTsf.il
35U MARKET bT.SF.SfcS^LIEUTENANT MARTIN #
MUST LEAVE THE ARMY
to a Miss Gussle McKee, who later on
was arrested in a police raid on a women's
poolroom and who In an interview de
clared that she had been trying to gain
some money to aid her husband in defend
ing himself.
Dredger Burned.
TAMPA. Fla.. Aug. 4.— Dredgeboat No.
2, owned by Rittenhouse Moore. -was de
stroyed bjt fire In the middle of Tampa
Bay to-day. Twenty persons were aboard
when the fire began, but were reecued by
tugs. Loss $75,000.
No Letters Stolen.
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— Chief Inspector
John D. King of this division of the
postal service contradicted to-day a story
of a mysterious theft of registered let
ters. "No .registered letters have
been stolen and there is not $28,400 miss
ing," said Chief Inspector King. .
BUILDINGS WRECKED
BY EXPLOSION OF GAS
Flying Debris Injures. Twenty-One
Persons, All of Whom Are
Expected to Becover.
SCRANTON, Pa.. Aug. 4.— By an explo
sion of gas two building's on t^ackawanna
avenue, in the heart of the business dis
trict, were completely demolished and
twenty-one persons were injured by being
caupht in the wreckage or struck by fly
ing debris.
The wrecked buildings were the three
story Merchants' and Mechanics' Bank
and an adjoining four-story building oc
cupied by the D. I. Phillips Furniture
Company and the Scranton Carpet fac
tory.
Many of tbe Injured were passengers on
an open trolley car that was directly in
front of the bank building at the mo
ment of the explosion.
A leak In a gas pipe in the cellar of the
bank was responsible for the explosion.
The janitor detected the odor of gas when
he returned from supper, and after tele
phoning for a plumber thought to make
an investigation and. going into the cellar,
struck a match and the explosion fol
lowed. The loss Li over J13O.00O. All the
injured will recover.
Colonel Muse HI.
WASHINGTON'. Aus. 4.-Colonel Wil
liam M. Muse of the United States Marine
Corps at the Marine Island navy yard Is
111 and has been ordered to Washington,
D. C. for examination for retirement. Hte
retirement will promote to the next higher
grades Lieutenant Colonel F. H. Harring
ton, Major F. O. Berryman. Captain H.
C. Haines, First Lieutenant Edwin A.
Jones and Second Lieutenant Yandell
Foote.
Says the Shot Which Killed Goebel
Was Fired Outside the Exe
cutive Building.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Aug. 4.— The
cross-examination of Adjutant General
Collier of the Taylor administration, and
the direct and cross-examination of Reu
ben Miller, chief clerk of the defendant
while he acted as Secretary of State, were
the features of the Powers conspiracy
trial to-day. Miller had been brought
back from Indiana by the defense, and
he proved a good witness for their side.
It was his opinion that the shot which
resulted In the death of Governor Goebel
was fired, as were those which followed
it. outside the executive building, j
He was the person closest to the private
ofllce of Powers and he said the shot did
not come from that room. He located the
spot where Goebel had fallen about fifteen
feet away from the spot fixed by tne
prosecution and stated that the militia did
not appear on .the scene for thirty min
utes. He also stated that Powers was not
In his office during the afternoon of Jan
uary 25, the day on which the mountain
eers arrived at the State capital, and at
which time Witness Noakcs of the prose
cution charged him with making several
statements of a threatening nature, and
of conferring with Yotitsey. Culton and
others of the alleged conspirators.
Hen Rowe (colored), a porter of the
executive office, also brought back from
Indiana by the defense, corroborated the
statements of Miller about movements of
persons in the public office of the Secre
tary of State at the time of the shoot-
Ing. Miller quoted Governor Taylor as
saying, as he ran from his private office
into the room on hearing the shots:
"What Is the matter?" and on being told
a man was shot, said ".This Is horrible."
¦> -?
Postoffice Wrecked.
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn.. Aug. 4.— An of
ficial telegram to the nostoffice Inspector
here states that a mob entered the office
at Mulat. Fla., last night, smashed the
windows and doors, destroyed some of the
contents of the building and threatened
the life of the Postmaster. It Is further
stated that the Postmaster has become
terror stricken and fled, and that no one
is in charge of the office.
Blow at Bucket Shops.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— By an almost unan
imous vote the Chicago Board of Trade
to-day resolved to restrict the posting of
grain quotations to intervals of five min
utes'lnstead-of sending them..continuous
ly, as at present. This, It Ms believed by
the Board of Trade men, will make it Im
possible for the bucket shops to continue
business. . .
MILLER PROVES GOOD
WITNESS FOR POWERS
Fperlal Dlf patch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 4.-Santa Cruz has
once more been invaded by the soldier,
and the grounds where the Grand Army
and League of the Cross camps were held
js now a tented city occupied by cavalry
troops from Sacramento and Salinas.
The streets are laid out and electric
lights furnish light.
On the west side of Dolphin Park, whore
they are encamped, is- a long row of sheds
erected for the fine looking horses which
accompany the troops.
This morning the herpes and the ad
vance guard of the Sacramento troop ar
rived at Camp Bangham, and it was at
noon that Troop C of Salinas came In
town Irom San Jose, where it had been
encamped. They made the trip over the
mountain.
Troop C i» composed of fifty men and
Is commanded by Captain Hurke. They
left Salinas last Sunday.
Troop B, from Sacramento, arrived this
evening at 6:30. The troop will commence
cavalry drill work to-morrow.
McKinley. in Canton.
CANTON, Augr. 4.— President McKinley
returned to Canton this morning. He was
accompanied by Secretary Cortelyou and
Comptroller of the Currency Dawes.
TROOPERS ARE IN CAMP
AT SANTA CRUZ GROUNDS
Hival Factions Use Guns With Fatal
Effect in Hancock County,
Tennessee.
SNEEDVILLE. Tenn.. Aug. 4.— As a se
quel to the election two men were killed
and two others mortally wounded. The
killed:
JOHN LAMB. Deputy Sheriff.
TELUIAN COLLINS.
Wounded: Wiley Brewer, Whitten Glb
pon.
Brewer was elected Justice of the Peace
end the difficulty arose over his election.
Hancock County, where the killing took
place, is a remote county In East Ten
nessee.
Warner Sentenced.
CUMBERLAND. Md., Aug. 4.— Wnilam
Warner, leader of the recent coal miners'
etrike In the Georges Creek region, was
sentenced to-day to six months in the
House of Correction. The charge against
him was unlawful assembly, and he was
also lined $23 and costs In a libel case, lie
appealed in both cases.
ELECTION QUARREL
CAUSES TWO DEATHS
DENVER. Aug. 4.— A special to the
NVwb from St-rHner. Colo., says: A terrific
and destructive hurricane struck this
4^'iace at 6:15 this evening, accompanied by
i c!ou<5burFt of short duration and an
•jnuKually b^nvy rainfall, continuing the
greater portion of the night.
The Catholic church, a large edifice,
wa» totally wrerked and leveled to the
eround. and several residences and other
l"jildJn»rf> wholly or partiaJly destroyed.
No persons were fnjuied. Telegraph and
telephone wins were Mown down and the
railroad was blockaded with overturned
Morteraired Cattle Twice.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 4.-J. S. Scott, a
frominent cattleman of Beaver County,
Oklahoma, has been arrested there,
Cfc-rged with fmuiJulent deals in cattle
faper, the amount involved being $23,000.
t is allesod that Scott mortgaged cattle
twice, negotiating his paper through C. Is.
Pwaysey, whose operations were exposed
lost month an'l who Is now a fugitive
from Justice. New York and Boston banks
bought the second mortgages, given by
Scot t.
Schooner Sunk.
PORT HURON. Mich.. Aug. 4-Early
to-day th« schooner San Diego, in tow ol
the pteamer Appommattox. collided with
the schooner l-ontana just above Fort
Gratiot and the Fontana sank immedi
ately with one of her crew, John Mc-
Gr<-por of PlttKburg. Mistaken signals
caused the collision.
I Big Blaz« in Cleveland.
.l/^VELAND, Aug. 4.-Flre to-night
<5/s'trnyed one pf. the mills of the Cuya
fcc£_ Lumber Company. Loss $100,000.
CLOUDBURST IN COLORADO.
Railways Blocked and Many Build
ings Destroyed.
Postoffice Appointments and List of
Pensions Granted.
Special T>l*patch to The rail.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Aug. 4 —James
C. Marquam has been commissioned as
postmaster at Marquam. Or.
The corporate existence of the First
NationaJ Bank, L.O- Angeles, is extended
to July 31, l?20.
Pensions granted: California— Original:
John F. Driskow, San Francisco, jjo;
Pierce Barrow, Valleio. $6; Joseph Henry
Wilson, San Francisco. $6. Increase:
Chaplin Lent. Placervllle, $10. War with
Fpain: ElizAbeth Hopkins, mother. San
Francisco. $12.
Oregon— Renewal and Increase: Con
ptantine J. Mclaughlin, Applegate, ji».
Increase: Major Fwssendon, Eurene, J10.
Washington— Restoration and supple
mental: John Fisher, Mount Hope. it.
Increase: William Rowe. North Yaklma.
?£. War with Spain: John Page, father.
Dear Park. $12.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
ROME. Aug. 4.— The date of Kin?
Humbert's funeral has been definitely
fixed for Thursday next, August 9.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 4.— The King of
Italy has srnt the following message to
President McKinley:
"MONZA, Aug. 4. lJOO.— His Excellency
"UTiiiam McKinley: I heartily thank your
Excellency and the great American peo
ple who. sharing my grief and that of my
country, have strengthened the old bonds
of friendship existing between the two
ration?. VICTOR EMMANIEL"
MONZA. Aug. 4.— It Is now fully be-
V.»ved that the shoemaker Niccollnl of
\t Ua was Bressi'p accomplice. Nlccollni
c -appeared, but he telegraphed Bressi on
J:ne announcing his departure, "every
thing being ready."
MILAN. Aug. 4.— Senator Aster.yo.
backed by public opinion, intends to Inter
pellate the Government, claiming that In
sufficient care was taken to protect the
late King Humbert.
HUMBERT'S FUNERAL
TO BE HELD THURSDAY
Lloyd B. Smith Charged With Fraud- i
ulent Methods in the Manage
ment of Elevators.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— The Grand Jury to
on y voted a true Ijill against Lloyd B.
,Fmith. member of the Chicago Board of
Tra<5e. charging him •with fraudulent
method- in the management of elevators.
Six true bills were voted on the specific
chars* that Smith, while manager of the
C— in_ Eleveator Company, allowed about
800,000 bushels of grain to be shipped from
the elevators of that company without the
proper cancellation of the warehouse re
ceipts, whjch were hypothecated.
Smith was charged in May of this year
¦with having speculated with the fund's of
the company for a period of more than
two years and with having 1 borrowed
funds from a prominent broker on the
unc;inc«>lled warehouse warehouse re
ceipts. The net deticit shown on the
books of the company was $24v,<v>0. The
charges against Smith were investigated
by a ootmn;.«ffon appointed by Governor
Tanner, which has not yet made its re
port, ana by a committee of the Board of |
Trade which was found against Smith.
Pmith 1«s one of the most prominent
m< mlxTS of the Uepublican State organi
zation, is a member of the Lincoln Park
Board and is a candidate for Drainage
Trustee.
PROMINENT BUSINESS MAN
OF CHICAGO IS INDICTED
Calls Attention to Abuses
in the Philippines and
Cuba.
Says There Should Be No Discrimina
tion Against Any Person Be
cause of His Religious Be
lief or Tendencies.
?
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., Aug. 4.— At the
tmtmrkation day reunion of tbe ICnights
«.f <"o!_mbus held here to-day the princi
pal address was delivered by Right Hev.
Jamea A. McFaul, IUshop of Trenton, on
¦ 1:.c Influence of Organization."
The Bishop discussed at some length
tbe duties of Catholics in political affairs
and urged thorn to organize to the end
that no American citizen should be dis
criminated a^ain^t merely because he is a
catholic or because he had favored Cath
olics where there was question of their
, rights as citizens.
iiisnop McKaul said he would not take
up the time of his hearers to enter fully
Into the grievances of Catholics, but he
asked: "can any man for a moment sup
r>ope that 'A we were united, not as the
t-enseiess American Protective Associa
tion, for i>rev«?nting our fellow countrymen
Crota obtaining tneir rights as citizens
undfr the constitution* of the States and
the nation that we would have been
obliged to listen t« the heartrending tales
of uf-secration and pillage which have
come to us from the Philippines or that
several representative Catholics would not
have been selected to lnve*tig»t« and re
port upon affairs so intimately connected
with the welfare of the Catholic religion
in those countries over which the flag of
our country has recently beer; unfurled "
Continuing:, the IJishop said: "Among
recent ouiragi-s upon the Catholic con
science i.« tbe civil marriape law in Cuba.
vrhereby it is declared that only civil mar
riages arc legal. The effect of this de
cree of General Hrooke Is to degrade mar
riaye, to make it a mere civil contract
And the religious service a mere ceremony
— rithout value in the eye of the civil law.
What possible necessity could there be
for a departure in Cuba from the law ex
isting in the I'nitinl States, which recog
nizes the validity of the religious cere
mony as regards civil effects? This is
eimply another example of the disregard
cf Catholic rights against which we
should most earnestly protest."
The speaker urged the justice of State
appropriations for Catholic Indian
schools, and closed with an appeal for
mnre Catholic chaplains in the armv and
BISHOP McFMIL
URGES CATHOLICS
TO ORGANIZE
President Confirms the Sentence of
the Court-Martial Recently
Held on Him.
WASHINGTON. Ausr. 4.— Second Lieu-
tenant E. H. Martin, Fifth Artillery, has
been dismissed by direction of the Presi
dent In conformity with the sentence of a
general court-martial by which he was
convicted of making "false, fictitious and
fraudulent statements of claims and re
ceipts In the accounts of the post ex
change at Fort Hancock, N. Y."
* NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— LJeutenant Mar
tin's case attracted much attention in
this city. Soon after the charges were
made against him the lieutenant an
nounced that he had been secretly married
25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 5. 1900.
COMMON-SENSE MEDICAL TALK
For Common-Sense People. j
There is not a man or woman in the world Does, your back ache? Do your muscles pain ®
who does not know when there is something ' ,_ you? Do you sleep badly? Do you wake up as §
wrong physically. Quacks sometimes tell you O^fe^glg^ tired as when you retired? Do you weary easily? *
that you may have no indications of ill-health, /^0^^^§>S^ Does slight exertion tire you out? Any 'of these |
even when you are most indeed of treatment. .M^^^§^^ are svmptoms.' If vou consult me mv medical I
That is quackery. You vvill have some symp- /|^R.'SAHDON'_V Ml knowledge would enable me to diagnose your I
toms if you are ill. It is true you may not know i/y:T^«^Sj£3_yti!iJ"'j.\ t 1 1. - ., ¦ *«¦ «
exactly what- . those symptoms portend, and # lW A CaSe - l sh ° uld " Ot treat yOU lf y °" were Suffer - I
may need a medical man's knowledge to guide J^^^^^^^p =1^ in^ from lun^ trouble, bronchial affection or any |
you. But if there is .anything wrong with you "®W ATO^ ° ther com P laint outside of those I am a special- 1
vou know it. Nature has so ordained it that vou • ist in the treatment of. but if you have rheuma- Sj
shall be given ample, warning of approaching ill- tism. sciatica, lumbago, varicocele, or nervous ©
Cill and see me to-day or write for my. new illustrated descriptive pamphlet, free. Office Hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 10 to I. 0
DR. T. A. SANDEN, 6 O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, Cal. I
THE EMPOBITJM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. « \ THE EMPORIUM. | THE . .• EMP ? BI1gM i I THE EMPORIUM.
Half -Pries Shirt Wa-'st T h* beautiful statue VSl^ BS H^| Kfodf^lllllfr H B § Ilk ill Saeofaf Special Values do H z^ Jp> j
V^i * ° . .29c N °" X °" Free Exhihi ~ jfll W*JT «_JB -fiSk ¦ <___> MB Books ant* Lanes' InputeY-l-coC ."on H«e, ¦ <^f<^!^5 -^ ">
•.^SM^ Au'si.od sMrt waists...... ¦ '"« <«^'™<<™ F* voldenicule Hazaar. .. ? er , m 1°1 [, blac , k ' h ir h v, 8p t iced w^S : :
/&&yiXZm\ AO n HM, Second Floor. • rAIIC AnviA'C 1 ADr.PCT AMPDirA'* TiPANHF^T <!TftDP PP heek doable soles, all black or . \M_f 1
//<* vV^.\*\v4l **00 CALIFORNIA i> I-AKUfc_»I --AIUfcKlCA J \JKAI>U_1_»I MUKc unbleached so'e, or unb:ea?h*i JTv«*sY '
I \i*l^V-\l /57 A11 S 1 - 50 Shirt Waists..... — — ¦ — : ; \ foot, pair.:: .25o ]
I A \_->I_i> M~ 75c DrGSS GoOdS The new FaI1 Gooi * are comin S in LQtties' UntferWHat* Foar exceptional values in Ladies' Imported Lisle Ibie. a n w /^ftV| v *^ft w&^%. •
/ r^ in conn c«Mrr Wnieta » —' .._<•« " _ fist now, although it will be **%» Fait new f_ll and winter Under- shipment, high novelties, such a* £ iIau^^P^-^v •
{~—^P^/?M AU «aiStS... ... . NeW Fall Ef fedS, three or four weeks before the WOP * a " m wear for women. . • extracted d«<izns, pVki dots in J *^ V > j
y^^^> ' ,,""<;AVa'c.u-\"w'-T ° Pall and Winter Btocks will be complete. Among the arriva's Todies' "M^rjde" Egyptian Cotton Ve3ts, Pants. Equestrian all shades, R^man stripes boot j
' > -' All .?i.oU bmrt Waists ..... last week: Tighti and high njck and long sleeve Gjriet Coven, hand- patterns and an exquHte assortmani of lace effects, in btacic
$1,25 38-inch all-wool CHEVIOT CHECKS, 8 different colorings, grays, somelv finished cream white garments, each 50O "1 a"! new shades, pair ...... ....................500 j
brown., hues, etc.. will make pretty school suits and 8 er- Lad -. } 3rjey R .^ e d Ve 3 t 3 and Pants, wool mixed, t«_rrink- Lad"' Imported L,.leThreal H:>; ? , H-nn<dorf bl_ 3 _. lac« -f- .
C# Hfi E*n-s*r»lain On Monday vieeible separate skirK vard 6Do ¦ ab e Vests high neck. long sleeves, Pants Frsnch bands and ru ?j , \ ? p f Y7; 'n"l\'""n V-t 'i - _k__ xx-~Z*n* ¦'
Wi . «<n!> ™ ] y weof " @f^© S8 - {^ SILK EMBROIDERED HENRIETTAS, in all the new. a ' k ] e n 2 th, c'lor natural Iray, garment 500 Cl V *£ "_2 ™S S. '^1 J 9 . «i? i
C/ocJfS $/.0S- fer about 8hS t S '" P ° " I'M lined cotton 'Combination Sui «, 'One*-' style M^.^'i^^
BO Porce'ain Boudoir Clocks l.ke pic- W ( jgirj^ "^ or buttoied down front, natural or ecru, each .4OO beantifal nove.tiea in lien's Hosiery, au:h as are now being \
SpSiSiS lOI «^E=5^SHSSi |^!^irfi^l^ \
anteed. we«l worth «-0. for J^^^J Sollh^REVER^BL^^ CLOTH '. 1 h^/ we^ht, f or a^ 5//// i^«| thl ce'eh: died " Stutigartet" Earope, per pair 2SO and SOo j
&IbU&* $} !r*r (fti^ the sensible stylish short skirts now v so popular; 15 new fall UndeiWW fir ladiCS and children at 2$ pit cent Off — J
_ STi/iiii*"*" If. if colorirg*. per vard $1*75 *acnilir hri'ces Pnaulnr ShdPi Every day we se'l anr sheet '
Special Sale Monday First Alsle-I^ft of Entrance. teguiur yn , ¦ _; MUSIC 12C COOV mnsic P«° ! »^e d at half ? ub » W3
IM **£ Wnnl Undnr*W(*ar 77c ~ -# m ¦ m— •»#•«»#«», '^^ *»**HJr p i ces . Thnt wond make our •
a h "XnZZn d««n Uert sfl woo, ;.der. A Dozen GssMtiet Photographs Free <£^ ffi T^ «^ P ™r£Xt r r :
1 U\ P p^rw°.;« e . o ?u d «L o a^7; k c I , p c er ta « w/^ Every Man's Suit Sold This Week. «« -' ro i
t hll"S? 1 -S; T «?S*:JS' Piri^li We have one of the best photographic studio, ' /» ' fll " J^ 0I °** !'
self fronts and ribbed taiN. the drawers hive line! and gm- y^f^ _~I^Z^^\ In the State. Fitted with all modern appliance* £^\ 20<?\ t^^. "Before She Fell."
seted crotches and taped seam*. To this lot we will add a y^W^tYMMMTiiii : M/OI and- ate doing Some excellent and most artistic f^5>) >~ V SFT "There Mav Bp Others Like Her." ;
~. T~ * WwM'f&tf t t) suit bought in the Emporium this / S^-J^Bf/fpT (\ « w »» Be Mlne B^ e « d B^-" : ;
Drug Sundry Department. vwtllW&W week one dozen Cabinet Photographs, [r^^mM \ \ -strangerf."
Snowberrr Floating Bath Soap, 6 for 2Bo - 1'ke Samp'e3 in OUr clothing' show windows — perfect **X~V * W*hla\ ' Musie Department-Second Floor. \
Dr. Lambert's Witch Hazei Cream, cures sunburn, half pint.25c / UU^nl I pictures on latest design Melton face mounts, in I \ o «W/f I {\ (^ , *"*)
Nw shoe .PoiPhing ;Set^^3-piece combination 25o / U I \ handsome carbon finish. ' (r \wHr — V^ Children's Jackets aii that -£# ;
Imper.al Toi et Ammonia, for the bath, pint dot) I AM ' . ViV* I I A il nin-*** un Gato >re left
Imported 0 ive 01 Castile Scap, 3-lb. bir 25c r;?wM Below we quote two splendid values m new Fall \JlJ /\K A Uiean-up Z>aie. of our l&r
Ladies* R ibbjr G oves, ba>t quality, pair 85c style suits: >. I / '^ summer styles 833orted into three lots', rnd
2-qnart Rubber Water Bottle last for years ™O f\f\ Sack Round-comer stvle in new Oxford Vicuna / \ marked at these extraordinary prices trH// AW(\
Fount> in Syringe, complete, three pipes, high grade 75O t 1 •»•¦•»¦» «•••«»»» nuuim turner biyie, in new UAiuru v louua |i \\ ' r >^Ti*iA\
Day's Parisian Ladies' Syringe,- mo3t perfect and effective made ///P /7 Cheviots and Fall designs in aM-Vool Cassimeres, light or dark \\ T quantities last. l^l- <lw£
S2.OO > ff f effects; best of linings an-i trimmings, extra well &1ff?i BQ ' \ \\ lhi— ah $2.50, $300, $3.5) Jicket*. now 'ILjT^
Dr. Lamb >rt's Antiseptic Skin Soap, box of 3 cakes 4-Gc I madp- PYronfinnillv finp vilnf> a/y 3 ""' \ \\ $1.98 J^"^*\
IMPORTED EXTRACTS-Girard Pile, ail odors, oz ...50c \ // £'*£, P e,».-i L „ / I" " V' V \ , r, „ \ \\ Lot 2-A ! l *4 00 14 50 S^OO -Jaek-ts now £) J \
Rotunda-Mam Floor. I { SaS§€ SUitS— Round-cornered or doub'e-brea^ted coats, new Fall 1 \\ Lot d A ' ?4 -°°« * 4 - oU> *°- uu 1.' JZ
V~m j-.yl designs in Cheviots, Cassimeres and Worsted; stripe?; fancy mixtures and \\ *"o"'7u7<T "a***" -\"*VA ¦"•"'"¦f \},
Underwear Specials Al\T^^ WV^ new invisible plaids; materials strictly all wool; sewn throughout with \\ Lot 3 ~ An J600 ' e< - o) « $10 -°° Jack^ " 3 * i/'*
for Monday only m f*\l±Ml \ . «-7**^- silk 5 first class in every particular, and a special value at jSZtiESmOO ' second Floor {jL-
These handsome ladies' cambris drawer?, /V \ 0^ r price LJL— — -^r * f "
made exactly like pictnre, lawn ruffle, Oaf* ,/ ' U v^: Second Alsle-Rlght of Entrance. «##*•-
linen trimmed, an extra width reeu- ~IZ ! ~ — NeW La?O Curtains,
lary ?1.50, Monday on'y $t.1O mSlflffttP* £i£M8*2B £&n£*f*M2&K fifiBf%nr§Sto\W i?5Si f ja<C ' f>0«">0 pairs of our Fal stock of Nottingham, Sixrjny Brn^e's,
,Cr-> This Corc-et Cover, a nice t^^&J-* **>***n*** m-i*a*M *3£J*?l*3**a MVIUBBW&Jf flSP«3^Cri> Battenberg, Point de Calaif, Irish Point and Arabian Curtains
$0££ one J ust Hie picture, W&0O&-- • Iffi)**** 0£*%*%+i*± n*%m%*%m*4m*m**i*m4 have ju?t been received.
hemstitche land tucked V>T^? 8MM& aUfr^f ZXZJ&EIS BJCfBSM g^SFfftSSUSm New N ttinpham Lace Curtain?, per piir.-52-OO to 5S.5O
T"W^ yoke, regularly 50c /'/*! f?r>« PJ~r.i,...~~~ 00« Offf^^f— ¦ *• -# #»^ «•«. -^ New Sixony Brussels Curtain?, per pair. $4. CO to $20*00
7\ e^cK Monday only, /rTTTTTn ' 5OcNeckwear—23B. ; SUkolinc, 6c yard, 24G Sheeting, 19C. New Battenberg Lace Cartains, hand made, pair -
XVy* V\ 3 for $1,00 mHV'Xm. 23c, 48c and 69c are Mcniay'j quick sel 1 - A special purchase of 1000 yards of 30- 9D - inch b'each^d sheeting, a Btan- • 54. SO to $20.00
II FT^*l3' Thi3 Infant's short Naiv /.'! H i!' IV- \[ ¦ ing P ricc8 for 5°.° pieces of Lidies' inch Silkoline, in pretty printed designs, dard hi?h grade, our nsaal 24s qaality> Na w Point de Calais Curtains, embroidered final des gns», p^ir..
/ r^iWluA Book Skirt hfmsti:ched /'jIImmVY Neckwear, comprVing three choice lots in handsome color fffect?, very desir- on special sale Monday, $4*5O to $15. OO
\ ( \uil I V and embroidery trim- O •¦ S 'I ill A in a good assortment of coloring?. ab'e for mmtle drapes, sash curtains, per yard 10o New Irjsh Point Curtains, in plain design?, oair
W71MI' med, jast like piitnre, feaJJHffifea 300 • Japanese Silk V/ifte/sOf 7/©S, pillow coverings, etc., and is on special <5l,f~4S~~ — ~msi^ $3. SO to $20.00
TSarQAUA/'' regularly $1.50; special /-^¦^pt Jr fl7l^\ hemstitched ends, cream, white, black, sale for Monday only, per 4UC SKirtlng, J4Om New Arabian Lace Curtains, heavy braided patterns, pair
/ :^wyr|.' Monday only....'..89o *^^&w!&> he.iot ope, rose, pink, blue, ceme yard OC 200 yards of Metal.ic Sorting, suitable $6.60 to $11.50
Second Floor. an^ cardina', regularly 5Cc ¦ for underskirts, lining, etc, regular
Mnnev Savina House Funishinus Monday 23 ° J^ 25o Veils- l^'SSSS^^^Mu& Great Shoe Sale.
MoneySavtng HouseFurntshings. «¦¦& 15c ' black brocaded and striped Talk of the Town, V^
ThQ Handy Kilchon^^t^SZZZZS*^^?. 12o Fringed .end Ribbon Scarfs, ggPI^Sg! i A m'-d. S e 2 son offrin- TAFFETA SKIRT LLNING- 34 inches - # af ™ »* . « " C ,," V *^
5of consists of one V^W faccv plails and plain colors, for hat vaW- of lOuO Wash Veils wide, regular value 15c per yard, We continue thw week the sale of King- |^ J*k^
heavy forged B. sting N^g^=^^5^=^ b.nds neckties, etc.. regularly »L?«»5 a fire app iqued dot- special ssle Mjnday lie man & Fox'b Ladies' Shoes at a*O«f f^^
Spoon, 12 inches long, S^^^^" e Monday fFoO te( j and lo-d'ered 65p on iho the dollar* m?7 IBS
one heavy Toasting cr C_-i— s *^^^ 75 P llin colored Jabots, made of Brofse's Net Veil, in 12hc PoroateS, 8Cm Ladiis* $5 Patent Leather Lace Shoes. »/ T&
M-at Fork. 12 inch- 6 long, good liberty si'k. with nicely corded &Vl^L^ either white or creim Highest grjds, 35-inch standa id Percales, French heels. $3.35 >^^
or.e Mixir^Spron with patent ho^k to hang on side (fkett'e, stock, clor; pink, blue, cinary, wh to w 'C'-i>-~ < """ co'or, rgilar'y 2.'c in stylish and desirab'e patterns and Lid, es <3 oO Patent Leather bhoes.li •o'l- flC^W^^Ik
10 inches long, all heavily ret nned. roguarly 35c a ard M-ck, rpguhrly $1.00. each, on Monday on'y. pr^ttv color effect?, our regular year welt ............52.37 /T^A.
set. oa special sa e Monday only 25c each Monday. 69C ~.15C 12i; 'qualitv, Mor.dav— per varJ...So Ladies' $3.50 \ elonous Cilf Lace Shces^ f J
Fru ; t Kiives 5c~tOs I Goodyear welt $2*37 mJ~:4 /? -—
V^i^^^^^^S::::::::::::::z::::::::^ ' ' c arpets w Fur«uur O . _ro Be r/ es a ««/ u quO rs. IfSS IS^^__^ShuS Mf/1
S <=eve Iron?, natent cdju'table handle, new 75 C SoniG £ neCial VsiliCS this Week, A Best Eastern Sugar - Cured Ladies' $2.50 Dongo a Kid Lace Sioes. ki-i \ C^ffC
Toi et or Ruffle I-ons 25c to 35c TAPESTRY CARPETS-All-wooUurface, Rod durab e carpet, '(% HAMS, Emporiam brand, (MonddV, or c oth .op* ii'Vi^tj^^ •_W4>
Mrs. \rooTian- Sink htranera _?Oo ful line of tasteful patterns, worth 55c a yard, our price. .... /A \Tuesdav and Wednesday— ™ T \b.12\o «?L° Odd '°' S ° r
Io iclad Window Screens, all metal 25c _i»l-» /y \ V_, i t ../I « v / SiXBSm • > . •" . .
Patent Se!f-Fu'ling Corkscrew,. . ..^ao 1^^^'^^^^'^^^?^^'^^'^^ />" \ C0FFEE ' °° r P ° PUl " *: d . i ! 0Cha ' 3 f t 3$o "™' mvdern, U»-tO-daiO SHOOS. ,
bnre Oitch f y F ates great fly killer So without borders, a splendid weiring carpet worth 8?c a vard, /$[ HAM'//\ cOFtEE-Our excellent family blend 44 >bs Flrst A!sle-R!ght of Entrance..
H°if Vintr^^Sr^^ 0^ 6 eaCh iD t0X 0 iNGRia^CrRPEPa^AW^C'iK TOMATOES -¦"Vic7or7"WaVdV"3'Yb7.;' 83 'lid rack, Sosciai Sato of We place on special sale
Bn » v™k r. « i ,? . "T 1 " 1 ! T 'i _ f C carpet that wiil give long and satisfactory wear, worth $1.40 SsheWs Improved SHREDDED COGOANUr. J-lb packag»..#_?o lf " ,. . . . . ... -.^
Ho.ee Namb-rs, _ i-ches 'ong, nickle plated, each 5i p-r yrri our orice $1.15 Van Hm ten's COCOA-i-lb tin .....; ...24o Macbine /' * hlch haTe J Uit been *i_^l
J^wtlcs C-eim Freezer. $1,33 mGH G HAIR- Golden Oak finish, cane seat, with table, worth STRING BEANS- Vic orr extra standard, 2 cans 25 o £f ceived *"" th « , factor J- feC* Vi
Main Floor-Rear. $1.75, our rrice $f.4O -Fancy Soft Shs'l ALMONDS— Monday, per 1b 14o Th . e3- ™^™' an- VilMlSl
_jT^ m < M m.-.^F.^ O_r__ LAD1E>' WRITING DESK— Mahogany finished, has on? drawer BROMANGELON -Makes n delxiou* des?ert, package 10O other _«_ie. are famo_ the wor.d ff U«il
nammOCKS, iS&C. and s-eir b-low, worth $6.50, our price $4.00 U"cle Jarry'a PANCAKE FLOUR-Monday, packare 1Oc over Oa account of the cnt price ffe__TO\\\ * 1
U --tf2=S> Stout full -sized Colored HALL HAT RAC\— Solid oak wth plate mirror, fitted with MAPLE SYRUP— Pure Loz Cabin. 4-gallon tins, Monday..6do ** wh » ch *? se ' th « m « r^ in w ari^ W9 UIDfi^a *JI
SJ ' -, "'t a wi?? .„ A umbre M ?Und and box seat W - Jrth $9 - 00 ' our Pnc9.$e. 50 CHEESE-California full cream, ib "... ...13o ca " hem k th e 'Golden Rale.^ These
V^l "ammocKS With spreader DINING TABLE-Solld oak. 6 foot extension, has 5-inch twist- WASHING P0V,T)ER— Cudah/s Pyramid, 12 packages 23o new machines are fitted with the X J_ , "' IilT
fPsfl " V // OOO ei leg. t> p 42 inche?, worth $12.50, our price.. 59.00 Sh**'< Pure MALT WHISKEY- Monday, bottle .....75o '-test improvements, including ball fji ifTT "^7|S^'i^
VV^Vv A7 Same with pillow and CHINA CLOSET— Solid oak, has ovil French plate mirror on D0UE>TIC PORTER-Evary bottle guaranteed, Monda-. per bearings at the drive whsel. which ;»=== V^_®^-s=*
WMV M Rnrpadpr Kf /I/I to-\ 4 adji«t_b"e shelves, worth $14, our price $1O.5D dozsn 0u»o makes them run so easry as to re- OwPpi
WlM^SmS A Inrcro varJofVin" To/,, .1 p AM'0R SET 3 piece?, mnhcgiry finished frames, unholRt re-l London Club TOM GIN- Distillery bottling, none better made. \ uire 1UtIe exertion on th% P* rt of SB*K__Si
a gG Vanet y m Jacquard in gl ik dimwk. worth $22.50, oar price $16.23 on Monday, per bottle It. S3o tho "P^ator.
~ weave, With pillow. Second Floor-Rear. • I Main Floor-Rear. The michineia well mid-, high XO£§»r4!
T '"fiP^^ 1 spreader and fancy va- : ; ~ arra3> hRb grade> fineIy fin ' 8hed : A*nPs3_s* yfry-
'|lHlK-a-^- lance ... Butterick Patterns and Publications for September will be placed on sale {Monday, makes double threai lock stjtrh \>
: . $1m25i o $7.50 ip» ««& ™* Catalogues 7» September Delineator is a marvel of beauty, illustrat- el 5r.^_?rdiL^fflV^«ir^
second Floor. ing new designs 1 or Autumn wear— price 15c per copy; subscription per year, $1.00. for Monday only $10*85gfoc -tgjilgfee Call*
SUNDAY. AUGUST 5, 190a
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Marker.
jnAXAGGIVSOFli-TCB^j;^^
S'1'DL1CATIO» OFFICE. .JSInrUet nnd Tklrd. ». V.
i Telephone I'resa 201.
CDITOniAL noo>I«. -1 T to SSI StereniOB St.
Telephone Pic»» 2O3.
Dellrcrcfl by Carrlrm. IS Cent* Per \Te«l£.
SLnffle Coplm. S Cents.
Tmni br Mali. Including - Poat&iret
XyATltT au (Including Stmdar). oa« Tear.. ............ ..tl.OO
DAILY CALL (IncluAlnir Funonr), « months.. 109
; »A1LT CALL ilaclufilng fcundtjr), I months. —. . LM
•DAItY WlX-By Single Month.. 65<J
H'NDAT CALL. Oo« Year ¦¦¦¦>.-...«..¦¦ nY ¦¦.. 1.W
-YTEEKI.T CALL On* Year 1.09
All postmaster* are authorised to recelT*
subscriptions.
f*»T»rp'» ccpiea will b* forvraided when reQneeted,
Zlall fubtcr!b»ni in ortifrtDK changre of ad£r«ea cbould t>«
particular to Rlvt both NEW AND OLD ACDRZ8S in order
to lnsur* a prompt &ad correct compliance wltlrthcir request.
PAKLASB OFFICE 1119 Droa^wny .
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
•Wanager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
CUrjj; t)!*ttnc* Trtepbou* "Central 2m.">
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT f
<t C. ORLTON... £ Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 6. SMITH., 30 Tribuna Building:
CHICAGO NEWS ETAXD3:
Ctertcao Hcrtf; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern HotaJ ;
jVesnent Hesse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STAXDS:
W*]&orf-Artcrla Hotel; A. Brealkao, U Union Bauaras'l
Hcrray Ulll Hotel.
•WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE..... .'.Wellington Hotel>
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent/
fcRArrCP OFFICES-*;:; Mcrt«otn*rr, corner of Clar. open
UCUl $:*} o* clack. S00 Ha;e.-, open until 9:S0 o'clock. C23
SIcAJIist-r, oprr. until S:M o'clock. 615 Larldn. c;w?n until
t:3» o'clock. 1S<1 Mission, opan until 1» o'clock. I2S1 SCorkct,
ccTT.w Sixteenth, open on«l » o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
vaxll 9 o'clock. IPs E»«*v*r.th. cr*n until 9 o'clock. NW oor
b«" Twenty-*»<?cin& taiC Kentucky, open until i <f clock.
HERE is six times as much good dra-
I" matlc material (and sixty times as
1 much poetry) in Dr. Doyle's "The
«'| Shadow of Quong Lung" (LJppincott)
'as there is In "The First' Born" and
"The Cat and the Cherub" rolled together.
As a study in the Iagoish traits of the
Chinese character Quong Lung himself—
the Yale graduate who angelically quotes
"God moves in a mysterious way" and
fiendishly electrocutes his enemies— has
never been surpassed, while the love story
of Moy Yen and Ho Chung is as pathetic
as is anything in "When Christmas Came
to Sandy Bar." Were not Chines© plays
at present very proper objects for public
detestation Dr. Doyle'u book would run a
good risk of being successfully dramat
ized. This fate is not now likely to over
take it, but in other ways it may and
should attain to widespread influence.
Nine-tenths of our Consuls who go to
China know nothing of the complex and
secretive nature of the Orientals by whom
they are constantly befooled. The Fed
eral Government should present each Con
sul with a copy of Dr. Doyle's book as it
does with a copy of the Consular regula
tions. The former Would prove more use
ful to tho appointee than does the latter.
Moreover, every would-be missionary to
China should be required to pass -an ex
amination on ethnic traits of the Chinese
as set forth in "The Shadow of Quong
Lung." If he can pass, this examination
and can then conscientiously swear— no,
asseverate— that he believes it possible to
Christianize Buch a race, he should be al
lowed to go to .China— and to his fate.
The- present trouble in Chnla Is largely
caused by the crass Ignorance of people
who rush in to exploit a mental and moral
territory where wise men fear to tread.
Dr. Doylo knows this Serbonlan bog well:
his psychological topography is correct
and is set forth in a manner at one© lit
erary and scientific. • • • I don't won
der that Mr. Bierce gets angry when Pro
fessor Hudson talks about the future pos
sibilities of California literature. Behold!
Tho kingdom of literature Is with us to
day.
• • • • • •
It is safe to predict glorious failures for
the dramatizations now bein^ made of
Borne popular novels. For ray part, I can
not find tho things that gx> to make up a
good play— character, action, contrast,
variety, pathos, humor, suspense, climac
tic interest— in more than two . of the
ephemeral romances that our women rave
over. (It is patent that women make up
by far the larger portion of the clientele
of the novel, as they do of the theater.)
These two are "To Have and to Hold"
and "Janice Meredith." The former af
fords material for a fine first act, where
the scene will (or should) be laid in a fair
meadow by the river James, whither come
the colonial gallants to { choose their
brides. The beautiful unknown lady will
bo o'er-roughly wooed by the tempersome
planter, who will thereupon be inconti
nently knocked down by the gallant Cap
tain Percy (Mr. Miller, I think it is to be);
a hasty wedding and the departure of the
strangely wedded pair for their lonely
home will close this act. Another good
act can be developed from the situation
in the cabin of the ship, where the hero's
life is saved by his wife's consenting to
give the villain a kiss. "He crushed her
to him," says Miss Johnston— that's not
bad for an old maid, and laugh as one may
1 — — , :
; 7~t XOTHER 6triking case of freight discrimina-
W \ tions against San Francisco is reported in our
•* * commercial columns Saturday. The Gov
ernment has been buying oats here for the Orient,
iand the business has been profitable to the port, but
it now appears that through the discriminations of the
railroads Chicago is to take the trade from us.- The
reports ehow that to the Government a rate of 60
cents per cental has been given from Chicago clear
through £0 Japanese or Chinese ports. As the or
dinary rate from Chicago to San Francisco on oats is
£S cents, there remains for the ocean transportation
only s cents, while San Francisco has to pay five
¦or six times that much.
By this discrimination Chicago is able at the pres
ent price of oats to land them at oriental ports at
?i 35 per cental, while San Francisco cannot
tupplythem at those points for less than $1 65. That
means of course that this city is barred out of that
important branch of the oriental trade, and the bar-
Xing out is done by railway discriminations which
artificially overcome the vast natural advantages we
possess from our geographical situation.
This new form of an evil against which our mer
chants have long protested should arouse renewed ef
forts on the part of the whole Pacific Coast to pro
vide some means of adequate and prompt redress for
tirch wrongs. It is to the Interstate Commerce Com
xnission of course that we matt look for relief. In that
commission there are two defects. First, it has not
the power to enforce its decisions with firmness and
directness, and, secondly, it has no representative of
the Pacific Coast among its members. To remedy
these defects the strength of the whole coast delega
tion should be now directed.
The commission has repeatedly asked Congress for
greater powers and has submitted ample reasons why
the request should be granted. Our Congressmen
thouJd from this time on cordially support that re
qucst. Moreover, the movement that has been started
to obtain. a representation for the coast on the board
should be kept moving. There is no vacancy just
r.ow, but the Pacific Coast men should be prepared
to act with energy as soon as the next vacanc3' takes
place. We cannot afford to sit still and permit our
commerce to be taken away from us by a gang of
railroad magnates who seem to regard the Pacific
Coast and California in particular as nothing more
then a province to be exploited in the interests of the
EcsL
¦ •- - ¦
FREIGHT RATE DISCRIMINATIONS.
ONE'S respect for the capacity of man for self
government is supported by the high example
of Mexico. General Diaz has just been
elected for a sixth terra in the Presidency, which will
i7!ake a continuous service of twenty-four years. The
republic is peaceful and prosperous. Indeed its in-.
clustrial progress has excelled that of any other coun
try in the world. A progressive but prudent spirit is
upon the people. They are attached to the ways of
peace, love their freedom and have learned the value
of law and order. All this they have done for them
selves. Maximilian came from the outside to offer
them a stable government, and they shot him. Since
then they have governed themselves. The population
is only 12,491,573, two-thirds of whom are illiterate.
They have not even been sent to our universities at
oar expense to learn the superiority of our civiliza
tion. They have just stayed at home and enjoyed
liberty, while developing their own country. Eighty
jjtz cent of them arc of mixed or mongrel blood.
Sixty-three languages are spoken among them and'
.35 per cent of them are of pure Indian blood. The
pure Spanish blood among them is in a very small
minority, and is supposed to be but little qualified
€or self-goverr.ment. Yet Mexico presents a condi
tion that commands the respect of the civilized world
end promises to be an illumination to the countries of
Central and South America which may study her
jsvays and be wise.
It is useful for our bumptious jingoes to study
3Icxico. Their faith that we are the only people fit
to govern themselves and are therefore qualified' to.
govern others would weaken as such study progresses.
SELF-GOVERNING MEXICO.
DRESS OF BRIGHT DRAB VEILING.
The engraving represents a princess
dress of fright drab veiling, opening in
front over a fourreau of white faille, the
upper part of which is in transverse flat
pleats. The tunic is edged with white
faille, embroidered in silk of various col
ors In the Russian style. On one side of
tho corsafe is a rosette of white mousse
line de sole.
The destruction of the Stratton primary law has
opened a vision of awful possibility. The Phelanites
now profess to see a.way in which to perpetuate their
influence upon the city.
There is some satisfaction apparently in being even
the tail of the* donkey if it is properly placed. The
Populists with becoming resignation have agreed to
accept second place to the Democrats in everything.
HE man who constructed the telegraph system over
which such fateful information has been filtering from
the Flowery Land was — is, rather, for he is still alive —
a Scandinavian engineeer named Hannibal Tietgen. He
is a powerful man, physically and intellectually, with a black
beard, a Cyrano nose and a great partiality for his own coun
trymen.
His most notable line-laying performances date back some
twenty years or so, and were by no means lacking in excite
ment. Although he was. of course, provided with the fullest
credentials from the Peking authorities, he took his life in his
hands when passing through a dense and superstitious popu
lation which both hated the "foreign devil" and looked with
suspicion upon his poles and wires. Nor were his passports and
imperial safe conduct a certain guard against the treachery
and cupidity of the local mandarins. Tietgen and his Scandi
navians were alone among the swarming millions of the yel
low empire.
Never did Hannibal Tietgen, however, find Mmself in a
tighter corner than when working across one of the northern
provinces. He had introduced himself, his passports and his
imperial safe conduct to the chief mandarin of the district,
and had been invited, with a wealth of polite phrases, to a
dinner party.
Tietgen accepted the invitation, through an interpreter, and
went. Notwithstanding the Interpreter, the Scandinavian en
gineer was perfectly conversant with the Chinese language,
though he had not. by one of the most fortunate of fortunate
chances, thought it necessary or prudent to say so.
During the dinner the interpreter was kept busy translat
ing more Celestial compliments into what might pass for Eng
lish. Nor would it have been possible to gather from the im
passive faces about Tifitgen the real nature of the conversa
tion which was net being translated. The treacherous Celes-
tials, under his very nose and within sound of his own e»r9
were arranging the details of a plan to assassinate- him! How
Tietgen kept fcis own countenance as impassive aa those around
him he does not know.
The dinner passed somehow, the other guests rose, excused
themselves and departed, to carry into operation the plot that
had been so nefariously concocted. Tietgen's host had under
taken the task of keeping him occupied for a sufficient time
to allow of this being done. Together traitor and victim sat
drinking tea. the servants had gone, and they were alone to
gether. Then it was that something happened which gravely
disturbed the great Celestial's cast-iron equanimity. The "for
eign devil s' hand flashed to his hip pocket, whisked out again
and lo! a threatening brown barrel, with six loaded chambers
behind it. sprang to a level with the mandarin's breast. U
the same instant Tietgen's voice, speaking in excellent Chinese
requested him to Fit still and make no sound or he might cal
culate upon joining his ancestors without delay. The Celestial
had no choice but to obey, and a moment later, having men
aced his treacherous host till the last available second the en
gineer was flying for his life across the mandarin's cedar gar
den He regained his party safely, but lost no time in getting
back to his "ba!«e and demanding an adequate guard
The apparatus and methods used In China are of the most
antique description. In the province of Canton, for example
the most Important trade province of the empire, there aro
only six Morse instruments. All the appointments are Chinese
As is known, the Chinese have no alphabet, but each word h.13
a special sign In order to telegraph them each sign has to be
numbered and the number sent. The receiving clerk refers to
his table and transmits the transmitted number Into the t'hi-
P^? sI £ n - . The * ables bear some resemblance to a logarithm
table, the signs being printed in vertical columns. There aro
ten columns to a page and each column contains twenty siCT*
so we get 200- signs on each page. There are forty-nine pages
to the complete table, making in all 9800 numbered signs Each
tiny square contains a sign for a word and its corresponding
number. The numbers are made up of signs ranging from
Brain Food for Goats.
On one occasion, when Greeley was a
power in Xew York journalism, he was
sitting on a hotel plazsa In Peekskill.
quietly scanning the columns of that
morning's Tribune, when a stranger cam*
along, glanced contemptuously at the
paper he was reading, and remarked:
"Fine sheet you've got there, mister! I
used to read it myself, but I've subscribed
for a decent newspaper now, and aa fast
as the Tribune comes alonji I feed It to
my. goat. That's all it's fit for."
Mr. Greeley looked at the man with a
quizzical smile.
"So you feed your poat on Tribunes, do
you?" he asked. In the mildest of accents.
"Yes, sir. I do!" blustered the stranger.
"All right my friend." said Mr. Greeley.
quietly: "keep rteht on reading some
other paper and feeding your goat on
Tribunes, and I'll guarantee In three
months* time the poat will know consid
erably more about what la Roins on In the
world than its owner does'. 1 " — Lippincott'a.
MAN WHO POSSESSED TRUE NERVE
How Hannibal Tietgen Escaped Assassination at the Hands
of the Chinese.
Taking all things into consideration it would seem
there is" a good chance to carry the State for Mc-
Kinley, and if the prosecution of Republican officials
by Democratic politicians, under. the charge of con
spiracy to bring about the assassination of Goebel
bring to light a few more perjured witnesses there
may be a wave of popular sentiment against the
wrong that will make the chance a certainty. .
It is to be noted that despite their claim that Goebel
fell a martyr to the cause of Democracy, the Demo
crats have this year promised to amend his infamous
election law. So strong, indeed, is the sentiment of
the people against the law that Senator Blackburn
is reported to have advised the Democratic conven
tion to request the Governor to call the Legislature
together to repeal it. The convention did not follow
the counsel, but it did pledge the party to so amend
the act "that the most hypercritical can find no excuse
for charging fraud or unfairness to our party in the
qonduct of the election. Until such amendments can
be enacted by the General Assembly, we declare that
the Republican party shall have representation upon
both the State and County Boards of Election Com
missioners." 5->5h
To that extent the Democrats are on the defensive.
They will not dare attempt another such outrage as
that which led to the murder of Goebel and came
near involving the State in civil war. The Republi
cans have that much of advantage and they appear
to have made good use of it in the nomination of
John W. Yerkes, who has long been one of the ablest
Republican leaders in the State and has a strong per
sonal following among independent voters. The Re
publican platform, of course, demands the repeal of
the Goebel law, and as that would be much better
than any Democratic tinkering in the way of amend
ment it ought to bring to the party a considerable
support from those Democrats who sincerely favor
honest, politics and a desire to rid their party and
their State from the last vestige of that shameless act.
OUT of the prosecution of Caleb Powers upon
a charge of complicity in the assassination of
Goebel the Democratic politicians of Ken
tucky have gained nothing. In fact, about the
most notable incident of the case thus far is
the committal of one of the witnesses for the
prosecution to jail for perjury. In that' we
have a confirmation of what The Call predicted at
the time the large reward was offered for evidence to
convict. The desire to obtain the reward or at least
a part of it has. been too strong for at least one un
scrupulous man, and he has sworn he saw a rifle in
the window of the office of the Secretary of State
at the time Goebel was killed, while as a matter of
fact he was at the time 150 miles from the capital,
as the defense has been able to prove.
What effect all this is to have upon the election it
is not possible at this time v to foresee. Under ordi
nary conditions the vote of Kentucky would be fairly
assured for the Republican ticket. The sound
money Democracy that would not vote for Bryan
even in the calamity times of 1896 would hardly vote
for him now that the McKinley administration has
brought so much prosperity to every section of the
Union. Moreover, the working of the Goebel law
has been of a nature to disappoint its supporters ;and
to offend the whole decent element of the State. The
only thing therefor£ that is likely to injure the Re
publican party in the State -is the murder of Goebel
under such circumstances as to have caused a strong
reaction against the well nigh universal condemna
tion that was once pronounced upon him.
THE SITUATION IN KENTUCKY.
Such are some of the salient points of this elaborate
study. In some respects they wilt cause no little sur
prise. Why should Milwaukee be at the head of the
column in literature? Why should Boston give little
space to either literature or business? Why should
New Orleans in editorials? If there be any
psychological explanation of such things, it will take
an expert to find it out.
Louisville stands fir,st in business news, Buffalo first
in sporting news and in 'advertisements as a whole,
Cleveland first in foreign news, New Orleans first in
war new^ and editorials, and Milwaukee is first in the
amount.of space given to literature.
Philadelphia stands first in society news and last in
medical advertisements. Chicago stands second in
literature and nearly last in the amount of space given
to vice and crime. It also gets the credit of furnish
ing "the best average among its leading newspapers
of any great city in the United States." Baltimore
and Washington City have no other peculiarities than
that of ranking next to Boston at the bottom of the
list of business news. Pittsburg has the honor of
Btanding first in retail advertising and next to the last
in want advertisements. Of St. Louis and Cincinnati
it is said they are "the most notable centers of yellow
journalism in the country. They keep remarkably
close In the matter of percentages. Both stand high
in illustrations, medical advertisements and. news of
crime and vice, while they stand very low in letters,
editorials, literature and retail advertisements."
Some of the results of the investigation are curious.
San Francisco stands away above all other news cen
ters in the proportion of illustrations. It also stands
first in want advertisements, but is last in retail adver
tisements, being in these respects almost the exact
opposite of Pittsburg. New York has journals of all
descriptions, setting the pace in conservative and in
yellow journalism alike, but does not occupy the first
or the last place in any department. In the matter of
illustrations Boston comes next to San Francisco,
with St. Louis, Denver and New York in their order.
Whether that theory be true or not, the article fur
nishes a good deal of interesting information concern
ing American newspapers. For the purpose of mak
ing the studj', Mr. Wilcox obtained copies of 240 ouf
of the 250 newspapers cf the country having a circula
tion of more than 7500 a day. He classified their
contents as: News, illustrations, literature, opinion
and advertisements, and proceeded to note the pro
portion of each found in .the various papers. Then,
for the purpose of fuither investigation, he subdi
vided news into several departments, such as war,
foreign, political, business, sporting, society, crime
and vice and general news. Advertisements were also
subdivided and a study made of the comparative
amount of space taken in different cities by want ad
vertisements, medical advertisements-, retail advertise
ments, self-laudatory advertisements by the paper and
miscellaneous advertisements.
DELOS F. WILCOX contributes to Annals of
the American Academy an article on the Amer
ican newspaper, giving to it the subtitle of "A
Study in Social Psychology." It is the opinion of the
writer that the press of a city reflects the social condi
tions of the community, and consequently that we
can note the diverging courses of development in dif
ferent parts of the United States by a careful com
parison of the differences in their newspapers.
THE AMERICAN NEWSPAPER.
a deficiency of dramatic material. "Janice
Meredith" suffers from an excess. The
trouble here will be to know what to leave
out Brereton's character and career are
truly dramatic, and a better play couM
be written around him than around
Janice, but this is not to be permitted be
cause Miss Mannerlng wants to star, and
you may be sure that she is going to have
the center of the stage. Those who go to
see the Janice of the play will find her a
very different creature from the Janice of
the book; the latter is merely an atrocious
little liar, with a face beautiful enough to
have burned the topless towers of Ilium;
the former will be — nay, must be— an ut
terly idealized heroine. I say must be,
for should the Janice of the play be al
lowed to lie as does ;he Janice of the book
Mis3 Mannering may bid a fond farewell
to all her dreams of greatness; experience
has proved over and over again that audi
ences will insist that heroes and heroines
shall do and say only those things with
which public conscience can sympathize.
Now, low as our public morality is. it
does not sympathize with the telling of
lies, even when the lie-teller is a pretty
girl.
If "To Have and to Hold" suffers from
over the callousness of the incident In the
book, I predict that on the stag© it will
be perfectly convincing to the audience—
or at least to the fairer portion of It
These two situations, each giving one act.
exhaust the dramatic possibilities of the
book; the other two acts must be origin
ated by the adapter. Who this is to be
I do not know, but if Mr. Frohman Is wis©
he will intrust this work to Mr. Rose.
That_accomplished stage craftian is really
the only one tve have who, like the gude
wife in "The Cotter's Saturday Night,"
"gars auld claes look amaist as weel's the
new"; his prologue to "The Prisoner of
Zenda" is, as I have said before, a better
piece of dramatic writing*than any of the
acts that follow. Give him a free hand
with "To Have and to Hold" and he will
make a rattling melodrama out of It — a
play that will, fill with rejoicing the heart
of the matinee girl and with dollars the
pockets of Mr. Frohman. What more do
you want? II faut s'amuser, and the dis
interested spectator, though not amused
at the amusement, can always find amuse
ment in the amused.
DB..& W. DOYLE.
The Dramatization of Novels.
BY L, DU PONT SYLE,
Another difficulty is the nomination of Mr. Towne,
a Silver Republican, for Vice President. Mr. Towne
figures as a sort\of floating kidney in politics. The
party he belongs to would not nominate him. The
Democrats sat on him hard, and the Populists nomi
nated him. It is hard for Colonel Bryan to accept
the Democratic nomination and speak of Stevenson
and the honor of being on the ticket with him and
then lay his political hand on his political heart and
tell the Populists that the proudest act of his life is
accepting a nomination with Towne! In any but
fusion politics the situation would be embarrassing.
After these three ceremonies are* finished the coun
try will be notified that the campaign is open.
Colonel Bryan will probably take to the road and
girdle the country with oratory, prophecy and awful
predictions. The political hydra with three heads
will utter from its three mouths, and the people will
pray for rapid progress through the zodiac to No
vember, that "silence may come, like a poultice, to
heal the wounds of sound."
The same is true of the Silver Republican nomina
tion. It is so difficult to find a place where there arc
three members of the party that it may be necessary
to import enough to witness the ceremony and sign
the certificate. '
After it is over Colonel Bryan will sweep and gar
nish his mind for the Populist acceptance. The place
cf this ceremony has not yet been fixed. It must be
remembered that the peanut and pink lemonade privi
lege at these shows is of value, and it is a weighty
matter to decide upon what city to bestow it.
Chicago is too big, 'end Sunrise City, Kans., is too
little for it. Lincoln stubbornly votes against Bryan,
so he won't have it there, and at present the feast is
movable.
When he accommodates his acceptance to the
speeches he must make at the other two ceremonies,
diluting it to Populism and Silver Republicanism, one
can fancy Jo McDonald, MichaelC. Kerr, Hendricks
and English laying by their harps and their music
lesson to listen, and then return to picking celestial
catgut, with the remark that if that is Democracy
they must have belonged to some other party when
in the flesh.
He will shortly proceed to Indianapolis for the
Democratic wedding. It will be a great day for
Hoosier. Mayor Taggart will offer the freedom of
the city, the statue of George Rogers Clark will have
its ears pierced by the strident strains of "Dixie" and
"On the Wabash," and Bryan will deliver an oration
which White River will echo back from her atra
bilious shores. Hawkins, John P. Frenzel, John Wil
son, Sheerin and the other Gold Democrats will hunt
holes, and as for the Republicans, they may grin but
will have to bear it «
/*"** OLONEL BRYAN will soon be busy accepting
I nominations. It is his open season for accept-
ing. He has three to accept and will do it
separately. He will commit political trigamy; will, in
fact, publicly wed himself to three different parties,
the ceremonies to be close together in point of time
and the honeymoons to be concurrent and coter
minous. But few public men have enjoyed this fe
licity, but as it is all he will get out of the campaign
no one grudges it It is an economical proceeding,
since one outfit serves for all three ceremonies.
POLITICAL TRIGAMY.
The British have of course many reasons for de
siring to avoid further wars at this time. The burden
of empire is heavy upon them. In South Africa it has
brought a costly war, and in India a famine that ranks
among the most terrible in history- Wars and fam
ines cost money, and the taxpayers have to foot. the
bills. Moreover, amid the miseries in which they are
now involved the British can see others clearly ap
proaching. There are demands for a larger navy, and,
more portentous still, a movement to impose upon
the people a military system something like that of
Continental Europe. Added to all these burdens
another load in China would be too much. For the
present, therefore, the British lion is about as tame
a beast as ever was carried in a circus cage. He is
not so much of a hog as has been supposed. He
knows when he has enough.
Very different is the tone of the people now from
that of the empire-making years. The British are
tired. Even the jingoes have ceased to exult in war
and clamor for a wider empire. A recent dispatch
from London, in noting the curious turn in public
sentiment there, said; "In the midst of these doubts
and misgivings one remarkable development of Brit
ish opinion must be^oted. That section of the Lon
don press which, has hitherto been most closely as
sociated with rampant imperialism is now joining
what it is the fashion to call the 'Little England' sec
tion in the cry of 'Hands of! China.' Thus the St.
James' Gazette made its Tory readers rub their eyes
last night by calmly predicting and even welcoming
the disappearance^of England's political predominance
in China. England's commercial predominance, it
argues, depends upon one fact alone, that ''we have
goods to sell which others cannot produce of equal
quality or cannot sell at the same price. When that
ceases to be the case we shall be beaten in the mar
ket, but not till then, and the fate is one from" which
no politics can ever save us.' In the equally imperial
ist Daily Mail we read to-day: 'The partitioning
powers have raised the dragon. As the dragon is
mainly concerned with them, they may well be left
to see to it Whether or not China succeeds in wrest
ing her territory from their grasp is all one to us.' "
ONE of the significant features of the crisis that
has arisen out of the conflict between Europe
and China is the evident desire of Great Brit
ain to avoid it as far as possible. She has sent com
paratively few troops to the scene of action, and is
making no preparations to send more. She has made
no attempt to take the leadership of the allies, and
none to seize Chinese territory. On the contrary, she
has been eagerly seeking to obtain a general agree
ment of the powers not to partition China, and, fur
thermore/has been sufficiently self-sacrificing, not to
call it submissive, to permit the Russians to take con
trol of a railroad built by British capital."
x AIL. these things are so different from the usual
course of the British that they naturally give rise to
comment As a rule Great Britain has welcomed any
disturbances of the kind now going on in China with
a glad heart and a ready hand. She has known how
to make use of them for the purpose of extending her
empire, and many of her rich possessions have come
to her as a result of them. It has not been very long
ago since such a chance as that now given for land
grabbing in China would have been hailed a3 a
golden opportunity, and all classes of her people,
merchants, manufacturers and aristocrats, would have
united in upholding the Government in all that it did
to "extend civilization" and open new fields for trade.
GREAT BRITAIN IS WEARY.
.. The "United States Circuit Court : of Ap
peals will hold" a session beginning next
Monday at 11 a/m.- There is no business
on the calendar .and the session will be
brief. The court will hold another session
in this city on the first Monday In Septem
ber,: in Seattle on the. second Monday In
September, in Portland on the. third Mon
day .'and in San Francisco on the first
Monday in October. • - .'•"¦':-
TJ. S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Sin Ta Moo, second son of the King of
Korea, accompanied by his suite, arrives
on the steamer Peking yesterday and is
domiciled. at , the Occidental. His follow
ers are Hong Chong Moo, Cong Coo Ching
and Eung Ml Han.
Rev. William Kincaid of the Central
Union Church of Honolulu is a guest of
the Occidental. He arrived from the isl
ands yesterday.
' Dr. G. P. Smith of the London Mission
Hospital, Tientsin, arrived on the Peking
yesterday and is at the Occidental.
E. R. Fulkerson, vice American Consul
at Nagasaki, Japan, is at the Occidental.
He arrived j on the steamer Peking.
Rev. T. J. - Mackay and family, from
Omaha, are here on a pleasure trip and
'are registered at the Occidental.
The Misses Rees of Seattle are spending
a week in the city. .They are guests of
the Westminster. /
Carl E. Lindsay, a well-known citizen
of Santa Cruz, is registered at the Call-
Major T. P. Varney, U. S. V., is at the
Palace. He Is on his way to the Philip
pines.
Paul A.' Brizard, a prominent business
man of Phoenix, Ariz., is a guest at the
Lick. I
Rev. W. L. Clark of BenlcJa is at the
California.
Frank Cressey, an attorney of Modesto.
Is at the Lick.
"\V. H. Post, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the California.
James -i. Gulick, a manufacturer from
New York, is at the Occidental.
.Louis F. Vetter, a well-known business
man of Los Angeles, is at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
¦ ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
fomla.
26
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS
LOANS
ON DEFINITE CONTRACT.
INSTALLMENT fLAN.
$12 65 a month pays up a $1000 loan la 10
years; $20 80 in 3 .years. ¦ I
Citizens 1 Building and Loan Association J
Va UONTCOMERT ST.
Ca.1. dace fruit 50c per R> at Towas***'* •
Special information supplied daily to
business* houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
It is said that the Mississippi River and
its . tributary streams are now lower than
they have been for nearty half a century.
Do You Enjoy Comfort
When you travel? If you do. buy your ticket
via the Northern Faclflc R'y and ride on the
'•North Coast Limited." the rooit perfectly ap-
pointed train In America. Solid vestlbuled and
lighted with Incandescent electric lights, ob-
servation car with a large parlor for ladle*,
tourist sleeping car finished In mahogany and
upholstered In olive green leather. Th» only
line selling tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at the low.
est rates. T. K. STATELER, Gen. Agt.. 633
Market st.. S. F.
AMUSEMENTS.
GraniJ Opnrra-hcuse — "The Red Lamp."
Ceil'cTTJa— "The NifUt ot ti»» Fourth."
Tlvtli— "Lucia."
Alcazar-' -Romeo and Juliet."
Columbia — Burton Holmea L»cturea.
Orpheuta— Vaudeville.
Olympic, corner Mason and Eddy etrects-Speclalties.
Chutes. Zoo anfl Theater — Vatulevill* every aftemoca and
•venlrr.
FiscJier'si— Vaudeville.
Ban Mateo Grersln* Park— Courcla*-.
Jteor««i!on J^ark— Uareball.
£ufro Jlath!-— Open nlcht*.The examination of the applicants for
admission to practice in the Supreme and
State courts was to have been held on the
second Monday in September, but the
court upon finding that the second Monday
falls on a holiday has decided that the
examinations will -be .held on Septem
ber 12. . . . . - ¦
Supreme Court Examinations.
The principal \ subject under discussion
before' the Mission Federation of Improve
ment Clubs at its meeting last night was
the unsatisfactory pound limits fixed by
the ordinance passed recently by the Su
pervisors. The speakers who gave vent
to their dissatisfaction were Max Popper,
Major B. McKinnle, Chris Stader and G.
C. Roundey, all of whom characterized
the ordinance as being In. favor of the
dairymeniand their Interests. ->\ ¦•
In all cases, it was claimed, the Pound
limits were fixed in such a manner as not
to take in the principal dairies.
Pound Ordinance Unsatisfactory.
In the Divorce Court.
Delia Hopkins has been granted a di
vorce from Peter Hopkins on the ground
of desertion. Antonota Lynan has secured
a divorce from James Lynan on the
ground of desertion. Suits for divorce
were filed yesterday by Amy F Temple
against John M. Temple for desertion and
Marrella O'Connor against Thomas J.
O'Connor for .intemperance.
FAVORS SHORTER HOURS
FOR LAUNDRY EMPLOYES
Labor Commissioner Meyers Petitions
the Supervisors to Amend an
Ordinance. : '.'/*
I^abor Commissioner F. V. Meyers peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors yesterday
to amend the ordinance providing "that
no persons employed in public laundries
shall wash or iron clothes between the
hours of 10 p. m. and 6 a.m." to read be
tween the hours of 7 p. m. and 6 a. m ~
Attention Is called to the fact that there
are employed in laundries about 2000 per
sons. Sixty per cent are women and girls
and Meyers thinks that when they have
stood from 7 o'clock in the morning until
7 at night in the heat, steam and gases of
the ironing rooms they have done all that
an employer should demand, and more
than nature can stand. . - x.
Charged With Burglary.
James Campbell, who was arrested
Thursday night on suspicion of breaking
j Into the residence of P. Breen, 1332 Sae-
I ramento street, about a week ago and
' stealing a lot of valuable curios, waa
I booked at the City Prison yesterday on
i a charge of burglary.
Died of Natural Causes.
Morgue Surgeon Leland held an autopsy
yesterday upon the body of Dr. George G.
Shannon, who died suddenly In the Lick
House yesterday morning, and found that
death had been caused by cirrhosis of the
liver and pulmonary consumption.
Burt Thomas and Party Returns.
Internal ¦¦¦ Revenue Agent Hurt M.
Thomas, United States Gauger F. H. Dris
coll and Deputy Internal Revenue i Collec
tor R. N. Frick returned on .the- City of
Poking yesterday from Honolulu, after
having set the - internal revenue- system
of the Hawaiian Isjands in operation.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday.
William Cannlff was appointed hoseman
.of engine 10 and.H. D.' Root hoseman of
engine 12. both from the waiting Jlst. Sol
Ducas H. A. Crane, James E. Damon and
;C. H. Goldstein,?' representing the Park
Tract and University Homestead Associa
tion, asked for hydrants in these districts
and the matter was referred to the Chief
Engineer for his report. A resolution was
adopted requiring all members of the
department injured in the performance
of. their. duty to file a doctors certificate
as to their true condition: otherwise sick
members will be compelled to pay the
salaries of substitutes.- ;•
More Hydrants "Wanted.
Thick Agra, carpets, yard wire, 45c;
heavy mattings, 9c yard. Fancy matting,
regular price, 35c, ours. 24c as long as it
lasts. v^:- *
Monday is the opening of the great car
pet sale at the art carpet shop, 228 Powell
street. Ladies, remember the prices. Real
Brussels carpet, regular price $1, ours 85c;
medium quality, 64c.
They All Wait for To-Morrow.
t J?u € , xcursion t0 the City of Mexico
WMchthe Southern Pacific has announced
*or November 14. next, has suj^ested
many inquiries from those who Intend to
go. as to limit and conditions of tickets,
exact routes, Hide trips, etc. Pending
Z f a , tlOn Of a smal1 sulde book,
which will be ready for circulation at an
SSf W , pfrponal interview with Mr.
W !HIam II. Monir.n at the company's city
'"'¦ « Kt.. about noon
time anj day !s recommended. Mr. Men
ton is familiar with Mexico, has all the
P m n L a^ W H tl ? gs< at his command and
will be pleased to meet all inquiries
I The Man Who Can Tell You All
I TO THE LAND
OF TO-MORROW
Secretary Brown Files His Report
Showing- expenditures for
Two Years.
Secretary Brown of the Board of Health
filed his financial report yesterday, show
ing a comparative statement of the ex
penditures for the last two fiscal years.
The figures are for the cost of administra
tion of the Health Department, exclusive
of the emergency hospitals. City and
C,ounty Hospital and the Almshouse.
The expenses of the department for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1S99, are as fol
low:
Grand total of salaries, $67,313 38; inci
dental expenses, $16,1S6 03; total expendi
tures, $83,799 41.
For the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900,
$49.286 76 was expended in salaries; in inci
dental expenses, $16,026 88; total expendi
tures. $65,313 64.
During the six months ending June 30,
1900, $19,559 18 was expended for salaries
and other expenses.
WHAT IT COST TO WATCH
HEALTH OF THE CITY
Members of Interior Belief Boards
Delightfully Entertained by
Similar Local Body.
Representatives of the relief boards of
the Independent Order of O<M Fellows of
Sacramento, Stockton, Oakland. Alameda.
Berkeley and San Jose were the guests
ODD FELLOWS WELCOMED
BY BROTHERS AND SISTERS
There were short addresses by promi
nent members of thp committees, after
which refreshments and a collation were
spr\ ed. The affair was under the man
agement of W. B. Curtis, J. J. Appie^ate
Thomas P . j arv i s> John Kuehn E K
5^ John Erickson and Louis Krai
£ fn H °' e S £ n Francisco board and Mrs.
\Vin Tn s> . Mrs * AIma J - Jensen and Mrs
Wmnie Dowle of the Rebekah Lodge.
last night of the San Francisco board" and
en V~£". t0 £ tained fn thf> Memorial Hall of
the Odd Fellows' building by that body,
assisted by the members of Templar Re
bskah I^odge No. 17. Tlie hall, which was
decorated with the colors of the Rebekahs.
banners and flowers, was crowded to Its
limit. The guests were welcomed in a
Peasant speech by W. B. Curtis, after
which I-. 1^ Turpin. president of the San
t- rancipoo board, acted as master of cere
monies. There was an entertaining pro
gramme, the features of which were a
vocal foIo by Charles Reed: recitation.
Anna Krlckson; vocal selections, the
Knickerbocker quartet; vocal solo M Ed
mir.stpr.
Beginning with the current issue The
Saturday Wave opens a new era of de
velopment. This live Journal appears in
a handsome new dress with eight addi
tional pages of reading matter and with
Improved illustrations. .In connection
with this general strengthening, whicn.
makes It undoubtedly the best American
weekly Journal published outside the At
lantic centers, there has been a reduction'
ln price to 5 cents per copy to meet the
general cheapening of current periodicals.
Thus it becomes not only the best weekly
published on the coast, but the cheapest.
While- a special effort will be made to
represent the Pacific Slope and the Pa
cific region generally. The Wave will yet
present live matter upon all the current
events of the day. By a special arrange
ment with an Eastern firm, photographic
illustrations of interesting occurrences the
world over will be available each week. In
this respect. The Saturday .Wave will 'be
fully the equal of any weekly in , the
world. All the regular departments, have
been strengthened and new ones of great
general interest added.
Th« current Issue Includes an essay.
"What Dreams May Come." by Gellett
Burgess; a series of storiettes from the
Presidio Hospital.' by Will H. Irwin. and
an article of great Interest on the person
ality of the late King Humbert, by an
Italian contributor. ¦' Douglas White gives
a beautifully illustrated article on "The
Stately Homes of Chill." "Scraps from a
Korean Note-book," by Rev. H. E. Bost
wick, is illustrated by the most interesting
set of photographs of that pecular country
ever brought to the XJnited States. There
are t*o good stories— "The Legend of
Crow Heart Butte." by Elmore Lefflng
wlll. and "Handicapped," by Grace ¦ A.
Luce. There Is a beautiful colored cover,
designed by Joseph Raphael. Added to
these many pages of live department mat
ter fill out a remarkable 5 cents' worth.
Assumes Charge of Them "With the
Approval of Public Works
Board.
The Board of Public Works has sent a
communication to Chairman Mark of the
Board of Education regarding the action
of the latter body in making repairs to
schoolhouses. In the communication Mark
is Informed that as the Board. of Super
visors ln allotting funds for the services
of the several departments- of the city
government did not place the money set
apart for repairs for school buildings un
der the charge of the Board of Works
and did place this money under the con
trol of the Board of Education, the for
mer board has no official concern with the
repairs.
Chairman Mark says the precise char
acter and urgency of the repairs were
best understood by his board, which as
sumed charge of the same with the ap
proval of the Board of Works. The Audi
tor says he will 6lgn the demands for re
pairs on this showing. i-;;^3*
SCHOOL BOARD MAY
MAKE ITS OWN REPAIRS
The following occupations were repre
sented by the 171 suicides: Housewives, 21;
unknown occupation, 10; no occupation, 9;
clerks, 8; laborers, 8; seamen. 8; capital
ists, 6; miners, 5; barbers, bookkeepers
and merchants, 4 each; barkeepers, cooks,
dishwashers, laundrymen and shoemak
ers, 3 each; agents, bollermakers, butch
ers, domestic servants, jewelers, painters,
porters, printers, salesmen, soldiers, tail
ors and telegraph operators, 2 each, and
the remainder scattering.
Of the total number of deaths 4S6 were
from natural causes. 36 from alcoholism,
50 from gag asphyxiation, 42 from drown
ing, 69 from gunshot wounds, 60 from frac
ture of the skull, 15 from knife wounds
and 15 scattering. . '
Of the foregoing 171 were suicides, 32 be
ing females and 81 being married persons
of both sexes; 130 of the suicides were
Christians. The United States was the
birthplace of 65. Germany of 29. Ireland of
11, England of 9, China of 7, France and
Italy 4 each and 20 unknown. The cause
of 75 suicides was despondency, of 41 In
sanity, of sickness 26, of intemperance 10.
Chief Deputy Coroner McCormick has
completed his report for the fiscal year
ended June 30. There were 948 cases, di
vided among the months as follows: 1S99—
July, 74; August, 87; September, 75; Octo
ber, 76; November, 76; December. 98; 1900 —
January, 79; February, 85; March, 79;
April,- 78; May, 72; June, 69.
dred Cases.
cides Out of Over Nine Hun-
One Hundred and Seventy-One Sui-
MORGUE RECORD FOR
LAST FISCAL YEAR
Closing of Stanford School Will Place
Only One of Them on Sub
stitute List.
The closing of the Stanford School will
not affect the positions of eight teachers
in the school, as the board expresses Us
intention to assign them to other classes.
I he only teacher slated to go is Miss LJt
tle. and she will be placed on the substi
tute list. Resolutions abolishing the
r C ™ 00 Jn an^ the teachers fo the
L r £, nkl K? G , ramm ar School, which Is ln the
«H?n e t^ l0C &v as the Fr *nklin. have been
r«o£ f ?£ he , re are 6ever al vacant class
rooms in the latter school and nearly all
*l t th A° S^ tor)i P"P"3 will be accommo
£ di The sur P lua *'!" be transferred to
the Rincon and 'Whittier.
Mrs. Edith H. Lyon. principal of the
Stanford School, will be assighed to the
principalship of the Redding Primary
bchool on Pine and Larkln streets, pend
ing the absence in Europe of Its principal
Miss M. A. Deane. The board will grant
Miss Deane one year's leave of absence.
On her return it Is expected to find an
other vacancy for Mrs. Lyon.
TEACHERS WILL NOT
LOSE THEIR POSITIONS
St. Patrick's Picnic.
Arrangements for St. Patrick's pariah
picnic, to be held at Schuetzen Park Sep
tember 3, are beginning to assume definite
shape. Reports of the various commlt-
tees are very gratifying-, and from the
amount of labor expended great things are
expected. Mrs. Hughes and daughter have
established a record for obtaining eighty
three excellent prizes. Other members
hope to exceed this number.
Mixed in with the statistics in thp re
port of the Secretary and General Man
ager are some striking and valuable ut
terances. "It Is the Building Association's
mission to help men start in life by edu
cating them ln the small things which
make It up. When this is done the larger
affairs willbe easily taken care of. We
wish it understood that we do not believe
in the miser. lie is more of a detriment
to himself and the community in which
he lives than the spendthrift. Live within
your means. Strike the- happy medium
and you have sounded the true chord,
the echoes of which, will be pleasant mu
sic to all who come within its tones."
The gross, profits during the year
amounted to S139.S66 55. The net amount
turned into profits of the members for
the year amounted to $95,245 58. Dividends
were 5 per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits 6 per cent on term deposits,- 10
per cent to Class "F" stock. 12 per cent to
Class "A" ¦ stock.' To Class "A" stock a 10
per cent dividend was added, but besides
that tiere was saved $4582 72, which will
make the actual profit to Class "I"- about
15 per cent per annum. Three insured
members died in the year. As stock im
mediately matures in such cases, there
was distributed $6000 ln cash to the three
The assets Include the following: Mort
gage loans. $1,425,618 43; loan ..association
stock $125,166 07; bills- and accounts re
ceivable $11,655; real estate, $53,758 05; fur
niture and fixtures. $1GOO; members' ac
counts due and payable, $573; cash, $764 97;
real estate sold under contract, $9478 09:
«undrv advances -.secured by mortgages,
$59,07286. The total, is $1,705,687 53.
"These large accumulations," said the
General Manager and Secretary, "have
been built up by people in the ordinary
walks of life: people who have learned
that the only way to save is to save, and
that the road to • success Is along the
lines of quick and. immediate action.
Golden opportunities are nothing to the
lazy man or woman. Such people are
rvever prepared for them, and should they
make a show of taking advantage of
them they always prove a failure; not
because it was not a splendid chance, but
their don't care methods have given them
an education wholly unfitting them from
grasping the practical side of life."
The agency department, which is com
posed of some of the best field men that
this or any other State affords, gave an
excellent. account of itself last year. The
following facts and llgures are taken
from the reports. There have been made
412 loans as against 3S4 for 1899. The gross
amount loaned on mortgages was $524,
111 43 and on shares of . the association
$104,375 98, making a grand total of $628,
4S7 41 loaned during the year.
The report of. the Secretary and General
Manager to the directors and stockhold
ers shows that the handling of the af
fairs of the association has been skillful
and judicious. At the end of June, 1S99,
the subscribed capital was $S,428,500, rep
resenting 84,255 shares In force. On June
30. 1900, the subscribed capital wds $10,
326.500, representing 103,265 shares in force.
The assets at the end of June, 1899, were
$1,321,845 14; at the end of June, 1900, $1,
705,07 53, making an increase for the year
of 29 per cent in assets and 22 per cent
in shares in force.
The annual reports of the President and
Secretary of the Continental Building and
Loan Association of San Francisco dem
onstrate a prosperous condition of affairs.
The assets Increased during the year from
$1,321,845 14 in 1S99 to J1.705.6S7 53 In 1900,
making a gain for the year of $383,842 39
as against $343,59S 70 increase in 1S99. The
earnings apportioned to Installment stock
increased from $133,367 49 in 1S99 to $159,
735 SO in 1900. In addition to this there is
a reserve fund of $41,648 73. In six years,
inclusive of the first half only of 1000,
there have been built 696 new homes for
the stockholders. The association has on
deposit with the California Title Insur
ance and Tru3t Company and Bank of
California, ln trust for all the members
and creditors, notes and mortgages to the
amount of $1,425,618 43.
NEARLY $400,000 GAINED IN
ASSETS DURING THE LAST
YEAR.
The Continental Building and Loan
Association Demonstrates the
Success of Its Methods.
GRATIFYING RESULTS
OF PROGRESSIVE
MANAGEMENT
Superintendent of Public Buildings I
Sarnett Reports on Bad Condi
tion of City Hall and Hall
of Justice.
/ Commissioners Maguire and Hanson of
-the Board. of Public Works, City Engineer
Grunsky, Supervisor McCarthy and Chief
Engineer Howard Holmes of the Harbor
Commissioners concluded their investiga
tions yesterday hi ; connection with the
proposed improvement on the city's prop
erty at the foot of Spear street. The re
sult of a conference on the subject will be
that the original intention of the Board j
of Public Works to construct a plank
roadway, at a cost of about $7000 will be
carried out. Supervisor McCarthy inter
posed some objection to the plan, as he
tavored a permanent wharf and stone
bulkhead, so that repairs would be re
duced to a minimum in the future. It was
demonstrated to McCarthy's satisfaction
that the large- expenditure entailed by
lilllng ln the bay along the shore would
be ill advised, as the permanent water
front line has not been yet determined.
It may ultimately be decided that the
alignment shall be about 200 feet to. the
west of the present survey. The State
will build a bulkhead in the near future,
and if the city should build a stone bulk
head In advance It would be of no use
whatever. Besides it will cost the city
over $12,000 to till Inside the bulkhead, and
the committee decided that it would be a
useless expenditure of money. The plank
roadway is expected to last ten years, and
in the meantime plans will be formulated
for a permanent roadway.
Superintendent of Buildings Barnett filed
a report with the board yesterday on the
operations of his department for six
months. Attention is called to the dilap
idated and filthy condition of the City
Hall. Every closet where dirt, ashes and
rubbish could be stored was tilled to over
flowing. Over three hundred cartloads
of refuse had been removed from the
building. The sub-basement was so filled
as to endanger the health of persons com
pelled to pass through it. The wood
work in all parts of the building was
hacked and broken and the plumbing was
badly out of repair. . The plastering in all
of the corridors and in many of the rooms
looked as if some person had deliberately
tried to remove It with a hatchet. The
matters had been remedied as far as it
was possible with the limited amount of
funds available for such purposes, the re
port concluded.
Superintendent Barnett also reported
that the Hall of Justice was in a filthy
condition for a new building. It will re
quire a large amount of money and con
siderable work to make it fit for occu
pancy. According to a report of Expert
Williams there is about 410,000 yet remain
ing in the fund, and after other claims are
adjusted the balance will be utilized to
perform the necessary work of cleaning?
the building. ¦*
City Officials Decide That
the Improvement Is
Advisable.
LOWER END OF
SPEAR STREET
TO BE PLANKED
Refuse to Comply With Order to
Transfer Grammar Grade Pupils'
From Grant to Pacific
Heights School.
¦
A storm of indignation has broken forth
from the parents of pupils who attend the
Grant and Pacific Heights Schools over
the action of the Board of Education in
transferring the sixth, seventh and eighth
grades from the former to the latter insti
tution. Pursuant to the order of the
board Miss Shaw, principal of the Grant
School, dismissed about ISO pupils of the
three grades named and only half of that
number presented themselves at the Pa
cific Heights School. The other ninety
have been sent to private academics/ as
the parents are fully determined that they
Xnl H°f £? n< L l hel f chHtfren to the Pa
cific Heights School. Superintendent Web
ster has received many telephonic in
quiries from parents asking whether the
5?£ r ? V C iV on ., on tl ! e ma «erls nnal. Web!
fmi«n «ni \ lne $ 1° the bellef that tne reso "
c^Sn^ffir'rnin^. Sch ° O1 DlreCtOrS "
The parents of pupils who are in the
5rh m nPL Erades , In the Paclflc Heights
of Z hn a % t er evance also. The order
of the board has Increased the number of
wht^i clas t es '" that sch ool to eleven,
5«n?J ea y es b V t three to be
fheri «.»ri° ? rfmar >' PUPHs. Heretofore
ny.1^ in S ' X prl , mar >' classes and the
fi 7 «%Vl« om P el ab , out 180 of
Sriii fi? y fu n tO seek otner schools. It
1 !?"! t0 at . tend the Kmerson
fachool. which Is a mile awav, and the
parents claim this is an InJusticeT Most
SfiA-S ? rim , ar^. pupUs wh0 nav e been ad
mitted to the Grant School also have long
distances to traverse and their parents
have also joined in the wrath that has
fallen on the Board of Education
Superintendent Webster's attention has
Sofabfv "in" A? *¦& c ° n^stion of punifs!
notably In the Crocker,. Richmond and
Hawthorne schools, and' he win call the
0 the fact at lts meet!
hf t th l ednesda >'- Webster will Insist
that the necessary relief be provided and
he hopes that by the acceptance of his
i b n ee t n heir 0n po 0 siUon e S d ° Ut *»" be "'stated
Miss Florence Fairchild resigned her do
terdaj- the Marsha11 Prlmar/school y?sl
Parents Are Fo.ced to S9cd
Children to Private
Institutions
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR THE BOARD
of EDUCATION
o
o
Experiment has disclosed the fact that
California could produce a quality of the
luscious vegetable that could not be
equaled In the Eastern gardens, and it
was soon found that there was a good
demand for the California product. The
enterprise was therefore started on a
large scale and the output for this sea
son will be about a hundred carloads.
Next year it Is intended that the crop
shall be double that quantity.
This Is the first instance in the world
of the shipment of a solid tralnload of
the succulent asparagus. Each car will
be properly adorned with banners set
ting forth the facts of the case and there
by advertising emphatically the proposi
tion that the East depends largely on Cal
ifornia not only for the necessities but
for the luxuries of life. The prospects
are that the industry will develop rap
idly, as the soil of the river bottoms and
islands of the State is particularly adapt
ed to the cultivation of the plant.
East of Chicago the train will go by
the Lake Shore Road, John A. Gill, Pa
cific Coast freight Agent, having Its man
agement in hand.
The advent of the enterprise was not
noisy, but it becomes particularly prom
inent by reason of the fact that to-mor
row there will be dispatched a special
train loaded with • canned asparagus,
bound for New York City. The train will
consist of sixteen oars containing nine
thousapd cases, constituting a portion of
this scason'B crop.
A new industry has been launched in
California. anJ by the manner In which
it is developing in the first year of its
existence it promises to become an im
portant wealth producer. Asparagus is
the product, and the center of the in
dustry is Bouldln Island in the San Joa
quln River.
Eastern Markets Demand the Golden
State's Product Becauss It Is
Better Than Can Be Pro
duced Elsewhere.
California Launches a New
Industry Which Promises
Big Returns.
ASPARAGUS BY
THE TRAINLOAD
FOR THE EAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
.All citizens must register this year, 1900,
In order, to be able to vote at general elec
tion. November 6. 1900. Registration closes
September 26, 1900. «• •
Are You Registered?
Young Men's Services.
The services for young men at the
Young Men's Christian Association to-day
will- be unusually, interesting. Short ad
dresses will* be made by Matthew C.
O'Brien,- new physical director: F. A-
Jackson and C. < A. "Clunz, recently re
turned from Manila, and others. General
Secretary H. J. McCoy will preside. ¦ Seats
free to all young men. . -
•
•
27
"Marshall" Fountain Pens for $i. "Wa-
terman" Ideal Fountain Pens 'from $2 50 to
$7 each.' Largest assortment In the city.
Commercial stationery and office supplies
at reasonable prices. Printing and en-
graving done at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s. 741
Market street. •
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE— ,
PHOENIX
-ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1899. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. J
Cash Market Value of all Stock* and
Bonds owned by Company $2,228,300 00
Casb in Company's Office 310 23
Cash ln Banks 45,74123
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23,105 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages, cash ln hands of
United States Trustees 375,377 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 157,163 73
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 130 0*
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 5,667 70
Total Assets .$2,835,813 36
-
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $75,726 00
Lossf* in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 135.249 14
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 21,020 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. tl.517.i£2 96;
reinsurance 50 per cent 75S.778 4S
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,252,-
74124; reinsurance pro rata 7S4.3S4 3S
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 19.440 33
All other demands against the Com-
pany 200.580 68
Total Liabilities $2.03,177 07
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums I2.173.4SS 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bends, Stocks, Loans, and from-' >
all other sources 95.IS49 SI
Received from all other sources 694 79
Total Income R.269.832 ?1
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J194.S02 00, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,491.634 71
Paid or allowed for Commlnslon or
Brokerage J7S.39S 94
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers.' clerks, etc 123,531 <3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 83.S20 94
All other payments and expenditures 431,520 94
Total Expenditures tt.554.6A7 18
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year... Jl.^S, 795 85
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the:
year ' J3SO.134.394 $3,112,023 K
Net amount of Risks!
expired during thel
year" T I 36S.1S6.167 2.96S.049 33
Net amount ln forcel
December 31. 1S89...1 291.792,237 2,780,234 20
/A. D. IRVINO.
United states Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 1st
day of February, 1900.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Paclflc Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OP THE—
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMAXT. OX THE 31ST
Jay of December. A. D. 1SD9. and for the
year radln? on that day, as made to the* In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections €10
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa rer
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $877,348 S3
Cash in company's office ..' 3.W ID
Cash In banks * 60,302 21
Interest due and accrued on ait stocks
and loans T.I.V. S3
Certificate of deposit ln hands of
trustees 17.100 no
Premiums In due course of collection. 03.0C 02
Due from other comi>anles for rein-
surance on losses already paid 533 24
Total assets SS30.92S «5
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33,413 73
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 44.716 01
Losses resisted, lnclurlln* expenses S.SC4 is
Gross premiums on flre rl.«k* running
one year or less, $425,214 52; rein-
surance 50 per cent 212.W7 39
Gross premiums on flre rlrks running
more than one year. SX0.G31 66; rein-
surance pro rata 149,131 15
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become d'J« 22.SS3 28
Total liabilities $4«W.S63 S3
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premium* $557,150 S3
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources Z4.434 48
Received from home office , S8.037 V)
Total Income $S«7 «22 97
- EXPENDITURES.
Xet amount paid for flre losses (In-* /
eluding $56,999 54, losses of previous
years) HW.773 78
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 132.7M !<«
Patd for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 23,91103
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 14.514 62
Alt other payments and expenditures. 31,356 13
Total .expenditures $837,&4 SO
—
Losses Incurred during- th« year. flr*..$43X«l Si
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $72,273,157 $791,223 43
JCet amount of risks
expired during the
year S1.7KJ.S3S SS5.M1 75
Net amount in force De-
cepber 31. 1S09 -^ «0.S93,133 875,848 13
ADOI-PH LOEB. U. 3. Manaser.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me thU 14t!i
day or February. 1900. r >
MARK A. FOqTE. Notary PnMlc.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD,
Manager.
h. ixa. :dtk:e:r,
Assistant Manager.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
2/3 SANSOME STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
S without reserve or limit of any kind until the amount asked for is realized. 5
jg These goods are in my hands absolutely with positive orders <S
b to raise a certain amount at any sacrifice. These instructions I will carry o
8 out to the letter. Auction will commence Q
g WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8th, AT 2 P. M., §
* and continue daily at the same hour. !v
Q I will guarantee a bona fide auction and that every piece offered will
j$ be sold to the highest bidder. £>
§ A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer. R
I CABLEGRAM. §
ft PARIS Via French). July 28. 1900. X
S LOUDERBACK. San Francisco. R
55 Need ten thousand. Kalse at sacrifice. Q
•A Send Constantinople. Urgent. ft
S MIHRAN. g
0 Having received the above Cablegram from MR. MIHRAN. who is S
S now in the Orient on a collecting trip, I will sell as many pieces from his 3
S fine stock of Turkish and Persian Rugs, etc. (now in the store SW. corner g
§ Geary and Stockton streets), at 0
I AB50LUTE AUCTION, |
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' *.- ",'
A Great Reduction
•t«in«t«
Derby ribbed under-
wear, our regular 50c
values reduced to
40c per garment, or
75c per suit.
For Monday and Tuesday
Will sell a new line of STEEL ENAMELED AGATE WARE
at ONE-HALF its regular value.
Remember this sale is positively for two days only.
See samples and prices in our window.
Wili&Findao.
V- j^
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
MAIL. ORDERS SOLICITED.
' HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
The Largest Furniture and Carpet House in the West. %
_JOR^X1IENTI^ MISSION STREETS f
Clearing Sale of Fine Furniture. I
PATTOSIEN'S values have opened the eyes of furniture buyers, and «
-cr cc"s 1S largcst fur niture sales in San Francisco despite the sum- ©
£ x Clearing Sale Combination No. L Heavy O
S— '!^;#Ss£LQ Trimmed Iron Hed. with heavy posts, steel side ra Is W
g I I Sgpit U and pure white e'.iamrl— springs of pliable steel— «#
•111 *rr~rf- mattress covered with gooa. ©
i»--fc-k^W»J ' heavy material. Combination go- q
TriT'^jn • » n «? at valuc of C7.50 O
•JSS? v^^fe^X-VC? Gearing Sa'e Combination g
&?Se3£ r£Vti- I *! No 2 Heavy Iron Bed. latest 9
1«^/ K^P^^it^t^^Tr^ 4 * design, full "size, brass trim- o
§*%ifH \ "ft with* wW^trftng co'verln^. You g
* ¦• * -¦¦/' I I VHavs©^ 1L4-^ positively never £|Q.3U S
JS*&'4'rr~l R- — t^P^^^^^^vJ saw its equal at. CDI*->. g
\^ ; 4lte^^fc§^- 4f - r Clearing Sale Combinat : on ©
*P « - No. 3. Massive Iron Bed. impos- 9
ing design, fancy bow 'r° n V JjJ
. . , brass trimmed, brass rod heafl Q
end foot and expertly enameled, springs are of best pliable C^l.00 ®
a an reSS covered wl ta extra quality material. The 9
9
Clearing Sale in Odd Farlor Suits — Odd P->rh' Pirc-s. Vehur ind L*at --r 9
Couches. Prices on these linen simply cut ln two. regardless (tQO.OO Q
rt cost. See our No. 99 Turkish Leather Chair, steel frame, 3j^ Q
•worth SoO. reduced to " 2
Sideboards and Extension Tables n*ver wee c o 'ow- 86 d?si<rn* in Sideboards O
end Extension Tables will be closed during this sale. These designs are but w
. ne of a kind and cannot be duplicated. Sales price on this lot is less than 9
the original factory cost. See our No. 53 Sideboard, full quar- (tjOfl 50 9
v r-Baw*>d oak. 4S-tneh base, SOxlS French bevel plate mirror, uj^^/ O
worth S..7 Cm. reduced to 0
Lace Curtains and Upholstery. I
After stock-taking puts quick selling prices on ever}' P a ' r °^ Curtains in q
our Store. Special reductions to do some big selling Monday. 0
Nottingham Lace Curtains, -n extra Pt. Calais, Cordovan Stviss and Brus- 9
pAod lot. including some 60-in wide $els Curtains, wm* 'luniret n-irs ¥
ones— worth $150 pair Cl ie to c \ ose o f beautifully worked de- 2
•' <Ul.U El?ns easi]y wortn j£ kLA 25 S
arid $7, pair J
Ruffled Net Curtains, V^vards lone, of Best Oil Opaque Shades, 1x7 f?et. 5
splendid net. etrongly made, lace mounted on Hartshorn fixtures, in ~
insertion and edged ruf- Cl i\i\ the most desirable green 7flr !
fles. a J2.50 value, pair.... «3>l«vHI color, each • v\. «
1 l 0 ¦ a ** a ¦ Tapestries, 5000 vard* of handsome 5:
Irish Point Curtains, v-rv nice!'- furniture and "portiere goods, an •
worked on good net, $6.00 C4. tzf\ endless variety, worth up 7^r 2
ones, pair Ot-.OV $1.90 yard '^ 0
S' a T e rins Rugs and Mattings &«,r y |
We're just!}' proud of this Dept., for we undoubtedly have the best and ®
choicest patterns in town. 2
9
200 Smyrna Rugs— Size 30x60 in., SOxCO in $2.25 6x9 $8.00 9
!r^ fl :l. d . (? .! i .f r : s .^ n f.. < : 0 !: SI.75 sc*"2 m $3.50 t.cxku ... $14.00 5
4x7 $5.5J 9x12 $18.00 9
tJJ:quetie and Axminster Rugs— Full O
assortment of the newest and Made Rugs — Endl-ss varietv of col- Q
choicest effects — best quality: orings and qualities— all the accum- ©
rtxC, tn .S2.25 6.5x106 $18 OO ulated remnants of our season's fi
¦ rfl in .£4 on «x" <,?i cn ha V e been put U P ln tne S
' Xl - Ia **.U0 yx~ 52j.C0 following Pizrs-prices less than 2
c _ . cost of materials: •
tmrrnc Rugs— 2*> bales j i«t r j oriv- i 6x9 £.3x10.6 10.6x12.6 ©
**<-!. c-xreL'ent line of patterns — aJI | 1 '¦ CS
* ;zes: ! 58.00 510.50 513.50 ©
CLEARING SALE OF Special Cata- .*¦ gp, %
T» 1 n • logueofChil- f j ,f ©
Baby Carriages, !&&:$£$& %
Go - Carts - vJXm I
20 WakefielJ Roll Top Baby Car- \*&^$fczM$ ®
riagrs. upholsTered In b«»<=t fancy \L %&j£&iu£?i&v* •
denim, with silk plush head rests*. X&ZjSFz&l F\iiS]»^* s! T^. f^
fine eatpon parasol, green enameled *%sS?^-»£r^iri**'i Ri-23^'*7Vl /^> f%
running g*ar. rubber tired wheels. \5>*^£'*?'S$^i2^TA \ W \ 2
patent foot brake— a $9.00 Cfi 5ft 3£J?i?>5 tiZz£l -M^X \ I \ y\ ?
carriage for 3>O.DU °
This Attractive WakefJe/d Go Cart. /^f^^^S${^^V>f ?
hardwood an* reM construction, T^y&zf "n/a^&v* V/ / t \Y ®
large reed dash, rubber tired wheels R'\/V 'Jr^yi^r^A \( /I l\ \J.' 9
and patent foot brake, complete V7 >>7 '^^S^-l! >4 / /i^?' •
with satpen or washable C7 T = \t/ / V' a
para5ol and worth 512.00. . *** ¦ • A <-» nLAc*" Q
OUR NEW FALL CATALOGUE NOW READY. WRITE FOR IT. %
I Shoes.
Those Pingree-made
"GLORIA" boots for
women are very hand-
some, indeed. Pains-
takingly made, they
fit like the proverbial
glove— without a squeeze
or a pinch.
NO ONE ELSE HAS THEM.
B. KATCHINSKI,
\L PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
y 10 Third St., San Francisco. >Judge I-awlor did not hold court this morning, as he had business in his own
court that required his attention, and it was not until after 1 o'clock this after
noon that Mr. Uoardman commenced his argument to the Jury. He spoke about
an hour and a half, and the District Attorney occupied about the same time In
closing. Jt took the court about three-quarters of an hour to deliver Its charge
The case was given to the Jury about fifteen minutes to 5 o'clock, and It was
ehortly after C o'clock when they announced the verdict.
When seen this evening Mr. Eoardman, attorney for Fitzgerald, said: "I hava
not seen Fitzgrrald since the verdict to advise with him, but will do so before
Uavirig town. I cannot say Just what course we will pursue, but in all probabil
ity an appeal will be taken to the Supreme Court."
REDWOOD CITY, Au?. 4.— "Guilty of murder in the second degree.**
Such was the verdict of the Jury in the Fitzgerald murder case this afternoon.
It took the Jurors about an hour and a half to arrive at their verdict. - Some of
them voted for murder in the first degree and others for manslaughter, and it is
likely that the verdict, is a compromise one. The defendant did not express any
surprise at the vordict, taking things philosophically and remarking to his attor
ney. "That means more work for us."
Special Dispatch to The Call. 7<
Fitzgerald, the Slauer of Lennon of Colma, Is Con
victed hu the Jufu in the Court of San Mateo
Countu at Redwood Citu. -
"MURDER IN THE SECOND
DEGREE" THE VERDICT
"At a meetinp held o'n Wednesday night of a committee of boiler-makers.
machinists, blacksmiths and allied mechanics it -was resolved that the reduction
cf the staff was a direct blow by the company against the union under false pre
tenses cf decrease of business in connection with the failure of the wheat crop,
and that the company ignored whatever overtures were made to them for better
conditions. In the reduction of the staff the company practically aimed at the
active m^mbt-rs of the unions, that preference was given to non-union men, and
that efficiency and length of service were totally ignored."
By to-night's train from Seattle seven machinists arrived to take positions in
the local shops. They say they will be followed by others within the next few
days and in this way a sufficient staff of men will be put on here to attend to all
necessary repairs. Other men are said to. have been Imported to-day at other
places alor.g the line, so that the company appears now to be entirely guarded
against a tie-up. The decision of the general committee at the headquarters at
Winnipeg in cabling the strike was as follows:
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 4.— The two features of the machinists' strike on
the Canadian Pacific Railway to-day were: First, that the boiler-makers and
blacksmiths as well as the machinists have gone out as far east as Montreal; and
eecond, that American mechanics are beiDg imported to take the places of men
here. The strike now practically extends over the whole system. If the strike
is not settled In Vancouver within a day or two the machinists say they will call
out the blacksmiths, carpenters and car repairers, so that then the whole ISO
ir.ea employed here will have quit work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Seattle to Work in the Rallwau- Shops at
Vancouver, British Columbia.
Canadian Pacific Company Imports Machinists From
AMERICAN MECHANICS
TAKE PLACES OF STRIKERS
Huntsman Ortman. mounted, armed and
coen of eye. went forth early In the morn-
Ing In qu?n of big game. In a ravine
In the foothills Fome miles west of town
he started a ouck. which disappeared in
the brush before h» could- bring his rifle
to his shoulder. The hunter pressed on
:n the direction taken by the deer. In the
hope that he would again get sight of
Chapter II.
Ortman. the expert electrician of
Petaluma and San Francesco, was stalk
ed for miles by a big buck deer while on
a gur.n'.r.g expedition In the lulls west of
town early this week. That the animal
Sid not Buffer for its misplaced confidence
was duo to the shock to Mr. Ortman's
nerves when he found he was being trail
?<J by the antlercd HawkEhaw. Now the
Petaluma pportsmen are drinking to the
health cf the «ie'-r and the electrician is
footinir the bills and carrying himself
with th' air of a man with a newly
Sought gold brick In his lr.side pocket.
PETALUMA. Aug. 4,-TVhether it
admired his graceful bearing
astride a horse, or looked upon his
preen hunting suit as a bunch of
fodder Is not known, but George
Chapter I.
Huntsman Ortman reined In his horse
and turned it around, and what he saw
nearly knocked him out of the saddle.
There, not fifty ffet away, was the large
buck hf> had started five miles nearer
town. It appeared friendly and compan
ionable and the hunter afterward swore
that It nodded Us head pleasantly at him.
For a moment Mr. Ortman was too sur
prised to fire. When he drd bring his
rifle to his shoulder and shoot it was
to do no further damage than to knock
off a piece of bark half way up the trunk
of an oak tree.
Chapter m.
"Perhaps they take me for a deer." he
reflected. "Guess I'll stop and see what's
up."
He had traveled several miles when he
heard the baying of a pack of hounds
hack along the route he had traversed.
At first he paid no attention to the dogs,
knowing that they belonged to some oth
er hunter who probably had started a
deer — the one he had seen, perhaps. But
the tongudng of the pack sounded near
er and nearer and Mr. Ortman began to
grow suspicious
it. In this he was disappointed, and af
ter beating about In that vicinity for a
time he quoted a few ve/ses of scripture
inwardly and proceeded onward in search
of less elusive game.
SAN" RAFAEL., Aug. 4.— Seven tents are
pitched on the grounds adjoining Armory
ilall, where the Ocsar F. Long Garrison
Annual CampSre.
Oscar F. Long Garrison. Enjoys Its
TENTING AT SAN RAFAEL.
No. 101 of San Francjsco of the Regular
Army and Navy are holding a campflre
to-night. About one hundred members
came over from the city under Com
mander F. Fitzgerald. There was dancing
in Armory Hall and a fireworks* display
throughout the evening. A dinner will be
given to-morrow and then-, they 'will 'told
their tents and return to San Francisco.
MONTEREY, Aug. 4.^-An'extraordinary
run of salmon is now on in Monterey Bay,
great quantities . being ¦ daily , caught , and'
shipped to San Francisco -and other mar
kets. Tom cod are also plentiful this year
and are furnishing great sport for ama
teur fishermen. .
Salmon Bun in Monterey Bay.
Special Dispatch; to' The Call.
-PETALUMA, Aug. 4.— BroderJFrelleson,
a prominent resident of Alexander Valley,
near Healdsburg, while shingling a tank
house on his ranch Friday afternoon
slipped and fell to the ground, a distance
of twenty-five feet, striking head fore
most on a board and DreaKing his neck.
The deceased was a prominent, respected
and honored citizen. At the time of hia
death he was master of Sotoyome Lodge,
F. and A. M., past grand of St. Heleno
Lodge, I. O. O. P.. and a member of th«
Woodmen of the .World." He was a native
of Schleswlgr-Holstein, and 39 years of
nge. His mother, Mrs. A, M. Frellesoii
four sisters, Mrs. C. Peterson Mrs. M*
Jacobsen, both of Napa. Mrs. A. llolmer
of St. Helena and Mrs. Sless of Petatuma
and two brothers, Hans Frelleson of San
Francisco and Chris Frelleson of Healds
burg, survive him. r
Fatal Accident Near Healdsburg.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 4.— Mrs. Crole, who is
80 years old. and lives with her daughter, Mrs
J. W. Alcorn. in East Santa Cruz, strayed
from home Thursday. All day Friday search
was made by the relatives. She was finally
found by George Cram, who while coming
from his ranch at Vine Hill late Friday after
noon noticed an old lady lying in the brush
near the Happy Valley schoolhouse, seven
miles fromT.h!s city, and took her to his home
Mrs. Crole had no knowledge of where ' she
had been and oould give no account of her-
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 4.— John Jansen was
held up by an armed colored footpad on K
street, between Front and Second; early this
morning, and robbed of $40 and a silver watch.
This afternoon the police caught the robber,
who cave his name as Harry Seavia. He had
Jansen'-s watch in hie. pocket. Seavls was re
cently released from the Nevada State prison.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 4.— The McKinley anc"
Roosevelt Club of Boulder Creek has been or-
Sanized with over fifty charter members. The
officers are: President, D. H. Trout; vice
presidents. S. H. Ksjnbo. W. H. Dvol Frank
lin Waters. A. II. Stagg. Jacob Hartman ; and
Tom Griffin; secretary and treasurer, Isaiah
Hartmann. ;
MONTEREY, Aug. 4.— The Monterey Mill
and Lumber Company of this place has shipped
this week to Seattle, -Washington, Blxteen tons
of sand from Carmel Bay, about six miles
fcouth of Monterey. The sand Is to be used
in the manufacture of line glass;
SAN JOSE, Aug. 4.— Dredging at j Alviso,
under the contract let by the Government,
eiiCJld have commenced early In July. It has
not started yet. Reports at Alviso are that
the contractor has been granted an extension
of time until September 1.
" BTOCKTOX, Aug. 4.— Captain Al "Williams,
who shot and killed Conductor William Mar
tin at the hot mineral baths earjy Thursday
mornincr. was formally charged this after
noon with murder by the District Attorney.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 4. — Hiram Fay, an old
soldier, tired of life and sick, attempted to
ehoot himself this afternoon at his home on
Second street. The ball, however, glanced off,
inflicting only a flesh wound.
SANTA CRUZ. Aujr. 4.— Otto I>abish. an old
settler in this county, was found guilty this
mornlns in the Superior Court for assault with
a deadly weaDOn on Professor Whitfleld. He
will be sentenced Friday. J _ • .
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Aug. 4.— The new Capitol
of Arizona was to-day turned over to the Capi
tol Site Commission. The hulldlnc will be
SAN ANDREAS, Au*. 4.— At a meeting of
the Calaveras County Fair directors vesterday
It ws« decided to hold the fair tn» flxst week
In October. > -
SAX ANDREAS, An?. 4.— J. F\ Hamby has
been held in $10CO bonds to appear for trial to
answer to a charsre of murder.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
The electrician Is in great demand by
hunting parties that desire to utilize him
as a lure to attract unsuspecting game
into ambush. He intends hereafter to sit
backward in his saddle to guard against
rear attacks by ferocious deer that hunt
him over the hills.
"I was so flabbergasted at the gall of
the beast that I couldn't have hit a flock
of barns flying low," Huntsman Ortman
explained in a low, low voice.
'•That buck followed George for a good
five miles." says Rancher Brown, who
had himself been out in the hills with
his rifle that day. "From -a ridge on the
opposite side of the valley I could see
them off and on for an hour. The deer
trotted along behind George's horse and
when George would stop the deer would
stop.. During most of the time it was not
over fifty feet away, and I thought at
first George was leading a cow behind
him."
Chapter IV.
THE CHASE OF THE SPORTSMAN AS VIEWED FROM A RIDGE BY RANCHER BROWN,
The deer gave a reproachful look at the
Petaluman at this severance of friendly
relations and then turned and dashed Into
the brush. Nor was it brought to bay
by the pack of hounds that appeared a
few minutes later, following on its trail.
The deer Is still pensively browsing on
the succulent grass and herbs In the for
ests of Sonoma.
YOUNG WOMAN
FALLS OVER
A PRECIPICE
Narrow Escape From Awful
Death, of Etta Bourne
of Bolinas.
Grasps at a Willow Shrub in Her
Descent and Is Rescued From Her
Perilous Position by One of
Her Companions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 4.— Misa Etta
Bourne of Bolinas had a narrow escape
from an awful death yesterday. She f«ll
over a two-hundred foot cliff, but by
grasping some small willows growing on
Its steep side saved herself.-
Testerday a-party of young people left
Bolinas on. horseback and proceeded to
the Country Club lakes for a day's outing.
X!i en J? ear th^ lakes they came to the
cliff. They alighted and after drinking
at a small stream that crossed' the road
they remounted their horses. It was then
noticed that Miss Bourne's horse had
slipped his foot through the bridle reins
and that he was becoming unmanageable.
* f£ anUc effc >rc was made by the rest
of the party to lift the young lady from
her saddle, but without avail. The horse
plunged about en the narrow road and
at last threw himself almost backwards.
Miss Bourne was thrown off and plunged
over the edge of the cliff. She fell a dis
tance of thirty-live feet, when she lodged
in a small growth of willows, to which
sne tenaciously clung.
Tne /ope halters on the horses of the
rest of the party were tied together and
i. f*rown of Stockton was lowered over
the cliff into the willows. He fastened
tne rope about the young lady and she
was drawn up to the road. Mr. Brown
was afterward brought up. Miss Bourne
was scratched and bruised and her left
arm was fractured. The young lady Is a
daughter of P. L. Bourne, a wealthy
rancher of Bolinas. In the party were
Miss Nettie Williams- of Oakland. Mrs.
Charles Lindow and Mrs. John Menassl
of iViapa.
TOLEDO, Or., Aug. 4.— By the collapsing- of
* Drtdee across the Taquina River yesterday
¦ .. J*elton'« team and wason were pre
cipitated in the river. Mrs. Luckey. his
mother-in-law, was instantly killed and hlm
self and wife seriously injured.
HUNTING OF THE HUNTSMAN;
OR TRAILED BY A VENGEFUL DEER
NARRATIVE OF AN ADVENTURE IN SONOMA'S FORESTS, IN FOUR CHAPTERS.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"men
WE CURE
Nervous Debility, Loss of Vital Force,
Unnatural Weakness. Varlcocele, Con-
' tracted Ailments. Including Contagious
Blood Poison and Diseases of the Kld-
nevs. Bladder, etc. If you cannot visit
San Francisco, write for free private
book, advice, question list, etc.
DR. MEYERS & GO,,
Specialists for Ailments of Men, 9
731 Market St., San Francisco. g
HOURS— Daily, 8 to B. Evenlngrs, 7 to H
S. Sundays. 9 to 11. Elevator entrance. BJ
4 Quart Bottles, $3-2Q
Express Charges Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
family use. We give you the benefit of the
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of .
P8F* PURE WHISKEY ~^jf
Nothing on case to Indicate contents. Money
refunded If not satisfactory. Twice tne pries
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EPHRA1M & CO., Distillers' Agents,
18 Mont&om-ry St., S- F.. Cal.
Sole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co., Inc.
DR. PIERCE'S 5lJ& Guaranteed
ELECTRIC vyf^ to be the
We have belts as low as $5, same as others
sell at much higher prices, but they are. not
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C20 Market Street, Ban Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway, New York City.
Avian- OR- JORDAN'S great*
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ .^f- ' The Larjrert Anatomical Museum In tbe T
9 te4n&*h World. M Piine'.wm or any contracted A
JL B|fijEtf9 disease pcsltl»rly cored by the oldest T
9 gP^tai Specialist c» the Cc«st Hit 36 yurs.
£ &3&rft OR. JORDAN-PRIV&TE DISEASES 4
\ jfrtSyfeS Co.-miltation fren and strictly private. \
A Jl JL*w7h| Trt ument personally or by letter. AS
\ fl If M fo* live Cure In every case undertaker. \
A F II lifer. Write for Boak,FniLOSOFnVt(i
™ fl II * HABRIAUE, MAILED FREB. i A V
7 DIl. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Market St., 8. P. f
MW WESTERN MOTEL, .
I/EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
•» modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms, 50c 'to SI BO day;
Sr. to *S week; JS to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water ev<sry room; tire grates In every
room; elevator runs all ninht.
¦ SAIVS'SOUCI,
PRIVATE HOME FOR t PATIENTS,
j Equipped with the Iastest scientific appli-
ances. . CHRONIC DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
Charges reasonable.: DR. SCHIRMAN. Con-
sulting Physician. , 1409 - Van Ness ave.. near
Bush st..
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ooooooooo b 6 o o o o ooooooooo
mpHirt
I OILi g
iSTOCK/l
I Fully Paid and Non-Assessable J
| Holder Secured Against Loss. 8
§ 8OQ ACRES §
| IN COALINGA DISTRICT.8
O ALL OF SECTION 21 <$
O „ ONE-FOURTH OF SECTION 14. Q
O TOWNSHIP 21 SOUTH. ©
O RANGE 15 EAST, M. D. M. Q
Q PRODUCING WELLS ON ALL SIDES. Q
Q CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. Q
| OPHIR OifCOMPANY, 8
8 Room 14, Fifth Floor, Mills /Buildlng.g
X SAN FRANCISCO. O
Q Los Angeles Offlc*— 402 Douglas Block. Q
OOOOOOOOO O O O O O O OOOOOOOOO
2 ORIENTAL S
• •
.nuuoj
• AND 9
| CAR PETS I
© — e
g A large collection of rare §
9 and medium-priced Orien- ®
% tal- Rugs and Carpets has g
5 just been received and are §
• now on exhibition by ©
| GHAS. M. PLUM & G0, f §
g Cor. NifltH and Market Sts. |
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; haa a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected to represent the development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17,000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 20O graduates annually
placed tn positions; 25 teachers: open the entlra
year; new go-page catalogue free.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART.
THE California School of Design will RE-
OPEX on MONDAY, August- 6. Tuition
feea in drawing, painting and modeling, $37 50
per term or $10 per month. Night class— Life,
$16 per term or $j per month; antique. $10 p*r
term or J3|per month. Saturday class, $12 per
term or $4 per month.
For further particulars apply at school, cor-
ner Pine and Mason streets.
J. R. MARTIN. Assistant Secretary.^
ST.MARTSGOLLEG-E
OAKLAND, GAL.
STUDIES will be resumed WEDNESDAY,
August 1st. 1900.
BRO. ERMINOLD. President.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MIL S L ,
EAN MATEO. CAI>. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
HAM LIN SCHOOL and
' VAN NESS SEMINARY,
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California, Iceland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity Vassar and Smith Oolleg*". Reopens Au-
gust 6. 1900. SARAH P. HAML-IN. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL,
TWENTY-FIFTH TEAR.
CHRISTMAS TERM. OPENS AUG. 6. 1900.
For further Information apply to G. S.
MEAD, 2205 Central ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
POLYTECHNIC l%V85?i
Has the largest and beat equipped departments
In the "West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any time. All
graduates In responsible positions. Free cata-
logue. Oakland, Cal.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY*
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees; seminary course accredited to ths
Universities: rare opportunities offered In music.
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MR3.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.
Thirty -fifth year; -fall term opens Aug.»3. 1900.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
802 Montgomery St.. San rranclsco, Cal.
Lessons personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, bestsystenv*
MIINCON CPHfim OFSHORTHAND, TTP-
IHUnjoPI M/ITJUL ixg. booickkepino
AND SPANISH. T. M. C. A. B'Id.ff. Day and
evening students admitted any time. Lessons
by mall. MRS. E. M. CARPENTER, successor
to M. E. Phillips.
NEWSPAPER f A D a AZINE
Illustration. PARTINGTON'S resumes August
1. Day and night classes. Apply R. L. PART-
INGTON. 424 Pine St.. S. F.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREP ARATORT SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, ;• President ' Jordan or any
Stanford professor., Phelan bulldinr.
; . - IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding: and day school for young ladies, -212J
California St.. will reopen August 6. 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for children: carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. MV. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy, Alameda. haa
been removed - to Irvln^ton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of building* and grounds In-
vited. - W. W. ANDERSON. Principal. -
S.F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1QOO MARKET ST.— Actual business book-
¦ AiOU keeping: , only . expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand
the easiest, fastest and moat readable. Day
and evening. |
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Menlo Park, Cal.- Superior advantages for the
care - and . training- , of boys and young men.
Charming surroundings, perfect climate. TcaiJi
year begins August 6. • Send for catalogue
N IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
WHERE
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLY Stt HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLT f 8.0O FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL, EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING, six nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tank*.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES of
Ehady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In th* County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot | Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 216 Montgomery at.,
or address CRAIG & WARNER. Highland
Springs, Cal.
1 1 V ••• a
iCoronado Beach. 1
HOTEL DEL CORONADO *j
Is a Perfectly Delightful H
Country Summer Home, g
I Get Special Summer Rates. ta
Inquire About It at H
628 MABEET STREET, g
San Frandsca y
E. S. BABCOCK. Manager. S
Coronado Beach. Cat. S
Vendome 1
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and flrst-clasa
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, or address
GEORGE P. SN'ELU Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta's summit, clad in enow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and free
from v/inda and dust and heat, SISSON TAV-
ERN, KC0 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near it the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wide
expanse of meadows, about It tha perfect
beauty of Fhasta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains. For the angler— the
salmon and the trout lo the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to the door. Where
Nature is her grandest, come and learn how
grand her inspirations are. Rates, "JW to $12
per week. J2 50 per day. Guides and horses
for mountain cllmblnsr. MRS. M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor. Slsson. Cal. __^^_^^_
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout.Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
rcenery. delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
Ing. 'No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. 312 to 114 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m and 2:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at OHroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
Address A. BETTERS. Mgr., Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
0»H on Lombard & Co.. Ut7 A -ei'-, 3 ustry. City.
OLEMA HOTEL,
E. B. NELSON. Manager.
OLEMA, MARIN COUNTY. CAlt
SPECIAL RATES
Until August 15.
Write for Terms.
CARLSBAD -&mSk
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Water*
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations flrst
Class; $10 a week; lighted by gas.
•W. R. McGOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Laks Co.
Kenii worth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class
For terms arply to MRS. P. J. MARTINA.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine fishing," boating, bathing and
hunting; in the heart of the mountains. The
best table in Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
MAN, Miaiake P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
WALDRUHE, S
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families. First-class table. All kinds of
dairy produce. Fine spring water. Rates XI
up. Send for circular. C. H. TV. BRUNING
Santa Rosa, Cal.
THE GEYSERS, &;~
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming Csfcinr
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing. howl-
Ing, tennts. livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLP.
' Laurel Dell, Lake County, Cal.
EL MflNTF RflTFI J ' os gatos. cai._
L.L. lUUIMD. I1U1EL, Beautiful grounds
magnificent view and , first-class accommoda-
tions Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train* S3 inilet
from San Francisco. Fare Jl 63.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First Class Family HoteL
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
® 2
® 2
• v A vacation does not usually ©
0 extend beyond two or three or o
• four weeks, so that many of O
J those who have been sojourn- •
O i°g during the past month at 0
© the various resorts along the •
0. California Northwestern Rail- j
• way are returning to their • *
homes. ©
• • Those 'who intend to take *
• their vacation during July or •
August, and those who may not q
© have thought of a rest, but O
J should do so, can now easily §
O find the desired accommoda- ©
§ toni g
S Call for "VACATION," a £
© little book just issued by the ©
0 company, giving Camping Lo- 0
© cations, Hotels. Mineral Spring •
® Resorts, and a list of one hun- J
q dred and sixty-seven Farms and <§
© homes where Board for the #
0 Summer can be secured at from 9
© $5-co to $S.oo per week. ©
© ©
A Ticket Office. £50 Market it. 0
q (Chronicle building). £
«l General Offlc-. Mutual XJfs n
J? bulldln?. Pansome and California. JZ
g "ts.. San Francisco. *j*
0 B. C. WHITIS3, Gtaeral Hutgtr. ©
© R. Z. KYA3. Gsn'l Pass. Agi. £
• 1
ft ©
•••aO»C0Q000000»©g©»OO
Take the rest you have earned.
Take the HOT MUD BATHS
for your health's sake at
£ HOT SPRINGS
Kates for hotel, baths and physicians. $19
to $21 3 week.
Special round-trio rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further Information
of FRANK W. ELY. City Agfnt.
Tel. Red 2U36. 640 Market St.. a. F.
OTTO E. XEVER. Prop.. Paso nobles. Cal.
\T A. C C C HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OlVZ-UJVIx^ County: only frt hour*
from Sun Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
b*>st natural hath In State: errand mountain
scenery: icocd trout streams at <loor; telephone,
teleitraph: dally matl and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morningr ai:d afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only SO 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 2:20 p. m. Terms. $2 a aay or
J12 a w«ek. References — Any ?uest of the past
J. F. MULOREW. Proprietor.
The Placo for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN* THE FOOTHILLS OF TUB SIERRA N'E-
vada. near ColJax, on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air, fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings: on
railroad. 126 miles from San Francisco: S3 a
week: open all year: spnd for booklet. Adrfresa
ORqHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS^^,5 *
Eprlnps; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: 48 miles from S. F.. via Tiburon
ftrry. R. R. station on hotel grounds; exten-
sive- swimming tank: $10 50 and up per week;
round trip Jl 10 on Sunday. COOPER A STFW-
ART. Aqua Caliente. CaL Lcjig-distance phone.
VICHY SPRINGS,
Thre« miles from TJkiah. The only plaea la ths
United States where vlchy water Is abundant.
The only natural electric waters; champagne,
bath; extraordinary tonic properties. J. A.
REDEMEYER & CO.. Vlchy Springs, ilen-
doclno County. Cal.
1NDEPBNOBNCB LAKB
In the heart of tb» Sierras. Perfect climate,
fin* fishing, excellent table, magnificent for*
est, no poison oak. no pests. An ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open Jnn» 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CUEMONS, . Independence Lake. CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing — finest In the State-
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of \ game In surroumltns mountains—
trrouse, quail deer and bear. EDSOX BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Slsktyou County. Cal.
ST- HELENA SANITARIUM. .gSSfg
Napa Valley. The institution has all ta» ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as belnj »
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at ft. Helena. 'Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cai.
QUIET home in Sonoma redwoods'; chickens,
eggs. milk, cream, fruit; free drives; gocd
rooms:, terms t6 per week. Address Redwood
_Heiehts. Occidental. Cal.
HAULER'S new summer resort. Cazadero, CaL
—Home cocking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ing; general mdse., choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices.
GLEN" OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings:
comfortable rooms; good table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEX. Glen Ellen. Cal.
DR. WONG WOO. Chinese Tea
[SiKbfiga and Herb Sanitarium. 764-766
I Clay at., cor. Brenham place
'b£ f San Francisco. CaJ. All diseases
• LV* r cured exclusively by Chinese
herbs. Advice free. Hours, 9
l?°\ Whom li May Concern:
*e*l>4~J*> This la to certify that I. the
undersigned, have been suffering from Chronic
Rheumatism for over three years, which finally
grew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to walk. After trying everythlns
without receiving the slightest relief. I was at
last induced to consult DR. WON'O WOO. who
after a seven-months* treatment, has now com-
Cd »0 n L;n O d f ex? h , e t^t U3m - GEOR ° B
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Tojfic ffiZ a S22?£S!?&' t & , s e -r
m Market .t.. 3. F.-(Send for Circular.)
B R TT S H P R F0R BARBERS. BAK-
JLtl\\J OrkLdO ?r*. bootblacks, bath-
», .¦ - r. houses, billiard tables.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
flyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
r.angers. printers, painters, sho« factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHAKA.t BROS..
Brash Manofastarcrj. 6O9 SacramantoStA
WeeHy Gall $1.00 cer YearLATTONVILLE,;Aug:. 4.-A message has been received from Sheriff Taylor
and posse now in Covelo, stating that they have located the man described by
Officer Grubbs and that Sheriff Taylor Is procuring a number of old. experienced
mountain trailers— men who have won reputations In this county for daring In,
tracing outlaws. Taylor says his party will start to-night, when they expect to
surprise their man. The members of tho new posse comprise many of tho men
that ran down the slayers of Jack Llttlefleld.
Another messenger from tho mountain fastnesses who arrived earlier In the
day brings in news regarding the manhunting expedition. He states that tha
posses who are scouring the mountains for Murderer King are divided Into two
parties. One posse, under the direction of Sheriff Taylor of Marln County, ha*
started toward Redemeyer*s ranch on Rattlesnake Creek, In' which direction It
was learned the fugitive was heading. The other posse, under the direction of
Deputy Sheriff Grubbs, remained on the track, closely pursuing a man answer-
Ing the description of King and who was making a determined.. effort to eluda
his pursuers. On Thursday Officer Grubbs' party suddenly cam* up dose t»
their man camped at the mouth of Rattlesnake Creek, each party discovering
the other at the same time. After ordering the supposed murderer of Church to
surrender the officers besran firing:, but with no particular result except that
the man fled, leaving his camp equipage behind, escaping with only a gun. a
horse and a. few rounds of ammunition. The fleeing 1 man then changed his course
from north to east and ate breakfast on Friday morning at a trapper's cabin
near Blue Rock. He was then heading: toward Trinity County, north of
Round Valley. He was next, located In a deep gulch near the Trinity line. This
was Friday night, and the posse decided to divide and one part remain above
and the other go below, and thus be ready to trap him In the morning; but day
light found the man had flown, and evidently he had passed close to his pur
suers during the night His trail was, however, found again leading toward tha
Yolo Bolle Mountains, and the messenger waa dispatched Into town with thl3
Information for Sheriff Taylor and posse, to keep a vigilant lookout. Taylor was
known to be going in the vicinity ot the direction taken by the fleeing man.
Sheriff Taylor aed H5s Posse of
Trailers Confident They W5M
Captaare the Fugitive
The latest news from tho posses who are hunting for Xing, the fu
gitive murderer in the mountains of Northern Jffendocino County, is to
the effect' that the officers believe they have located the latest hiding
place of. King, and that they expect to "capture him at daybreak. One
of the posses surprised a man believed to be King on Thursday, and
opened fire when he refused to surrender, but their quarry made his
escape.
MURDERER KING RUN
DOWN IN MENDOCINO
MOUNTAIN FASTNESS
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
VAXJLEJO, Aug. 4. — One of the most
notable social events in naval cir
cles at Mare Island will be the wed
ding on Wednesday, August 8, of
Miss Cornelia Lee Macrae and
Lieutenant Dickinson P. -.Hall of
the marine corps, now attached to the
battleship Iowa. The coming event is tho
topic of the hour among: the naval peo
ple. . • -
Miss Macrae, the bride-to-be, is a
charming and beautiful young woman.
She is of the deml-blonde typo 'and. be
sides being handsome, is accomplished
and cultured and is descended from the
famous Lees of Virginia, her grandmother
having been a cousin of General Robert E.
Lee, and also a niece of "LJght Horse
TWO VALLEJO SOCIETY FAVORITES WHO WILL WED NEXT WEDNESDAY.
ill health, to abandon an army career,
and he devoted himself to civil pursuits
until the advent of the recent war with
Spain. Fired by patriotism he applied for
and received an appointment as lleuten
a/it of marines in the volunteer service.
So well did. he fulfill his duties that at the
close of the wdfr he was appointed to the
regular marine service. At present he is
attached to the battleship Iowa, which
has just arrived' at San Francisco from
Pugret Sound. Lieutenant Hall's brother,
Harrison Hall, is captain in the artillery
branch of the regular army and Is on duty
with the Fifth Artillery.
Monday afternoon. Admiral Miller, the
commandant at Mare Island navy yard,
will give a formal dinner to the prospect
ive bride and groom.
The wedding will take place Wednesday
next at 2 p. m. at the navy yard. Chap
lain McAllister of the navy will officiate
at the ceremony.
Lieutenant Dickinson P. Hall is a native
of Dayton. Ohio, where his widowed
mother still resides. His father was an
army officer. Lieutenant Hall was for two
years at the West Point Military Acade
my, but was finally compelled, owing- to
Miss Macrae Is a native of Virginia, al
though she has resided In California for
many years. She was born at Meadow
Farm, the family homestead, which is
about thirty miles from Washington, D.
C, and, is the only daughter of Mrs. Col
lin L. Macrae, who for many years has
lived In Vallejo, and is one of the ladles
prominent in society. Civil Engineer C.
C. Walcott, now stationed at the Phila
delphia navy yard, is an uncle of Miss
Macrae,
Harry," a brilliant figure in revolutionary
history.
The second city of the British empire la
size Is Calcutta.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Augr. 4.— About
noon to-day fire was discovered in the rear of
two large barns in Palo Alto belonging to
Edward Gibson. In a few moments alter the
discovery ot the fire the flames were beyond
control and the barns were destroyed.
LOS ANGELES DEMOCRATS
FIX PRIMARIES' DATES
Also Order That the County Conven
tion Shall Be Held After the
. - - Republican Gathering.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 4.— Che Los Aw»
geles Democratic County Central Commit
tee to-day decided to hold primaries foi
the election of delegates to the county
convention on the following dates: Log
Angeles city predncis, Friday, August
17, from 7 a. m. to 4 p. m.; country pre
cincts. Saturday, August IS, from 1 to I
p. m.
A motion was adopted setting the coun
ty convention for a date one week subae-.
quent to th© Republican County Conven
tion. If not conflicting this arrangement
the convention will be held on August 2L
The committee after a hot debate adopt
ed the resolution Introduced by the Bryan
and Stevenson Central Club providing for
the safeguarding of the approaching prU
maries in such a manner that reputahla
Democrats alone will be elected as dele
gates to the county convention. Tho
purity faction controlled the committee
meeting and the machine failed to carry
a single point in the programme.
CHINAMAN STRANGLES -
HIMSELF WITH A STRING
Ah Look, a Prisoner In San Quentin,
Makes a Hangman's Noose of
His Queue Cord.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX QCENTIN, A.ug. 4.— Ah. Look, a
sick and despondent Chinese prisoner,
committed suicide here some time last
night in the prison hospital. He had been
In the hospital about a week. Last night
he took a string from his queue, and ty
ing one end around his neck made the
other fast to his bed and then rolled to
the floor, where he strangled to death.
The Coroner held an inquest on th© body
this afternoon and the Jury returned a
verdict of death by suicide. The dead
man was serving a ten-year sentence from
San Bernardino county for assault to
murder. He came to the prison in June,
1S94. a
VALL.EJO. Aug. ?.—The Mayor has disap
proved of the ordinance providing for mor»
rigorous regulation of vaudeville and other en
tertainments In saloons and prohibiting women
from soliciting orders for drinks In such sa
loons or drinking places.
For the Convenisn.ee of Passengers
An office has been established' In the Oak
land Ferry Depot (on the ground floor In
tho center of the building), where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks
thereby saving In the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up year checks on the train*. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 40S Taylor at. and
650 Market et. • •
STOCKING THE STREAMS
WITH RAINBOW TROUT
Brooks of Santa. Clara and Santa Cruz
Counties Being Liberally Sup
plied by the Fish
Commissioner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 4.-The streams of
Santa Clara County are being stocked
with trout. "Ten thousand rainbow trout
were received yesterday from the Fish
Commission and were liberated Jn the Los
Gatos and Saratoga creeks. Fifty thou
sand additional trout fry are expected to
morrow. They will be distributed In the
Guadalupe, Coyote. Almaden, Stevens,
San Franelsquito, Packwood, Uvas, Lla
gas and Calaveras creeks.
SANTA CRUZ; Aug. 4.— Corralltos Creek
in this county Is to be stocked with 10,000
trout from the Lake Tahoe hatchery. The
trout are to be placed In the creek next
week. ' > A -.- vv: ¦'•.--....
ATTEMPT TO WRECK
AN OVERLAND TRAIN
Bocklin Farmer Discovers a Large
. Chain Wired to the Track
Near That Town. :
Special Dispatch to The Call. . .-.<-.: : 7
ROCKLIN, Aug. 4.— As P. J. Freeman,
who lives about a mile east of here, was
coming -into town ; this morning he dis
covered a large chain wired to the track
for the purpose of wrecking the overland
train due here at 6:45. A freight train
had passed about fifteen minutes before
the obstruction was discovered.
ATTEMPTS TO SLAY
A WALLA WALLA GIRL
Unknown Man Attacks a Lass in the
x Suburbs of Washington City
and Fatally Wounds
Her.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Aug. 4.—Em
ma Kldwell, a 15-year-old girl, was bru
tally attacked by an unknown man at 3
o'clock this afternoon In the suburbs of
Walla Walla. "When the man seized her
she screamed. . He pulled. out a pocket
knife and stabbed her several times in
the region of the heart and then ran
away. The girl is in a critical condi
tion. Late to-night a man answering
the description was arrested by the po- i
lice. He was taken -to the County Jail !
and soon the news spread that the girl's '•
assailant had been captured. A crowd'
gathered and threats of lynching were I
made. The authorities took the prisoner 1
to the State Penitentiary, where he can
be guarded safely. The feeling is intense
and It is feared that if the right man
has been caught he will ha\'e trouble in
escaping the vengeance of the people.
The police are now confident that the
man arrested is the right one. He gives
the name of Ed Sutherland. Blood was !
found on his clothes and he was identified
by both the girl -and Thomas. Copeland
who saw him following the girl just before
she was assaulted. , ;
'¦; -'_-;' -..- : —i . ;
Serious Accidents Near Santa Crua.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug.'4.-O. J. Sevey of
Twin Lakes, employed as night watch
man at the Loma Prleta. Mill, near Aptos,
was making his - rounds last night when
he ' stepped off a plank and fell fifteen
feet to the creek below, where he struck
on the rocks. Two of his ribs were
broken, his hip bones crushed and he wa3
Injured Internally. -
Charles Gillard. a woodsman at Dough
erty's Mill, a few miles above Boulder
Creek, was at" work on a side hill when
a log above him started to roll, and strik
ing a : small- tree broke It and a flyine
limb struck Gillard. breaking his leg at
the; ankle,* his arm below the shoulder
and cutting his head. -It;.wHl take many
months before he recovers. .
SHOOTS THE MAN WHO
HOLDS A WINNING HAND
Jefferson Dobbins Fatally "Wounds
Eldride B. Ball During a Quar
rel in a Card Game
at Vacaville.
Special, Dispatch to The CJall.
VACAVILLE, Aug. 4.— A shooting af
fray occurred to-day in the cardroom an
nex of the Elite Grillroom, resulting in
the fatal wounding of Eldride Boyd Ball
by Jefferson Dobbins.
Ball and Dobbins were playing cards for
money. Ball had just won and was in the
act of drawing the stakes toward himself,
at the same time talking to Dobbins.
Dobbins called Ball a liar, who in turn
applied the same epithet to Dobbins.
Dobbins arose from his cRalr with his
hand in his front right pocket. Fred
Pena, one of the witnesses, placed his
hand on Dobbins' shoulder, saying,
"Don't do that, Jeff," thinking he was
about to draw a knife.
Dobbins instead drew a pistol and fired
two shots at Ball, who was still seated
in the chair. One bullet struck Ball in
the right shoulder, disabling that arm,
and the other took effect in his abdomen.
The latter bullet the doctors have failed
to locate by probing.
- After the shooting Dobbins coolly
walked out on the street and up to his
room in the Opera-house building and
locked the dotr.
Deputy Sheriff Stadtfeld arrested Dob
bins later and was obliged to force him
into the carriage in waiting to take him
to Fairfleld. It is not expected that Ball
will live through the night. .
Recover a Drowned Boy's Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO! Aug. 4.— The body
of -Iver/Case; a lad of 13 years, son of
Thomas L. ..Case, a prominent ' fruit
grower of; East Highland, was recovered
this afternoon from the bottom of East
Highland reservoir. In water twenty-flve
feet deep. .. Case and some other boys
went in swimming In the reservoir some
days ago and Case sank to the bottom,
where he became tangled in the long
grass and was drowned.
the half-way house to Wilsons Peak and
Martins Camp. Men were cent to combat
the flames, and there found the imprint
of hobnailed shoes all around where the
new fires had started. The wind was in
an opposite direction, and it would have
been impossible for the fires to have been
started by sparks from the other fire.
CHRISTIANS' CONVENTION
DRAWS TO AN END
Will Close Its Annual Session at Gar-
field Park, Santa Cruz,
To-Night.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAXTA CRUZ. Aug. 4.— One of the most
successful Christian church conventions
ever held at Garfleld Park will close to
morrow. Delegates are already planning
for next year's convention. About eighty
lots have been sold and many new cot
tages are to be erected on the grounds
by private parties. A "Rest Home" is to
be erected by the State Endeavorers and
a building is to be built by the C. W.
The national convention to be held at
Kansas City is attracting much attention
and the Rev. R. L, McHatton Is to have
charge of an excursion from the coast.
The summer school hereafter is to be
an established feature and for four weeks
an interesting series of studies and lec
tures is to be given.
No business was transacted this morn
ing, but there was praise service. The
morning sermon was by the Rev. J. P.
pargitz of Lakeport. This afternoon Pro
fessor Hiram Van Kirk finished his series
68 2 n , T '" The IAte ot Alexander
Campbell and His Teachings"
i J?h S t, venl "F the sermon was preached
by the Rev. Peter Coolin of Santa. Rosa.
TAMALPAIS PARLOR PLANS.
San Rafael's Native Sons Preparing
for the Celebration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 4.-At a meeting of
the Native Sons here last night arrange
ments were completed for the participa
tion of Tamalnais Parlor So. 64 N S G
\\\. in the oelebration-to be held in Sari
VranH«c\ September 8 and 11 The nar
lor will have its headquarters' in the P £rt
gallery of Mechanics' Pavilion, and a cor
dial invitation has already been pubflehed
in the local papers, inviting residents to
call and be entertained. The receDtion
committee at the headquarters will ho-
Emmet Hayden. M. F. Cochrane. William
Dreypolcher, W. J. Eden and A. E' Scot?
Another committee was appointed last
night to call upon the Supervisors of mis
-"my ana ash them to donate S250 to thl>
relebration fund of the parlor.
fore promptly vetoed the ordinance and returned
It to the Board of Trustees.
In additional explanation for my prompt re
turn of the vetoed ordinance to the Board of
Trustees I wish to state that I did so in order
to facilitate the plans of the State Agricultural
Society, which was anxious to have determined
the question whether or not poolseUln? would
b« permitted In this city. The fair manage
ment wanted a decisive- answer, and wanted it
at the earliest possible moment, and I there
fore gave mine without delay. In taking such
prompt action I was also impelled by the hope
that the Board of Trustees, when they learned
I would not tolerate the licensing of poolrooms
would enact an ordinance that would meet the
exigency of the occasion; an ordinance that
would give, the State Agricultural Society all
they were asking for; that would give the peo
ple of this c*ty all they wanted, and all they
had been soliciting for and demanding, viz.: an
ordinance that prohibited the selling of pools
in this city at all places and at all times, sav
ing and excepting the fair grounds during the
holding of the races under the direction of the
State Agricultural Society. They did not pro
duce and pass such an ordinance, but passed
the Ing ordinance over my veto, and it is now
the law.
No Pool Selling Except at the Fair.
it is now within the power of the Chief of
Police, the President of the Board of Trustees
and myself to issue a license that will permit
the selling of«pool3 in this city.vFor myself 1
will state, as I have repeatedly. I shall not lend
my aid to nor countenance any proposition or
suggestion that will permit the selling of pools
at any place other than the State Fair Grounds
nor at any time other than while the races are
being actually run there. That was my position
when we took up the poolroom fight: that is
my position now, and as long as I am Mayor
of the city of Sacramento that Is where the
people will always find me.
This delegation of power on the part of the
Board of Trustees I did not consider proper
legislation. I was never in favor of licensing
poolrooms and had clearly and unequivocally
so announced myself in the early part of the
campaign against the poolrooms, and I there-
Not Proper Legislation.
opeciai xnspatcn to xne uax
ing of pools In this city, you want to know how
I stand, do you? You want me to declare my
self on the poolroom question; also to state
¦whether or not I am disposed to grant a li
cense permitting the poolrooms to run down
town generally, or to confine the selling of
pools to the fair ground and for the period the
races are conducted under the auspices of the
State Agricultural Society?
In messages to the Board of Trustees, in
speeches and In private conversation I have
expressed myself most emphatically on . this
question, and I have now nothing: to retract
in the position I then assumed and my opin
ions-have not undergone any change In the
slightest degree. I closed the poolrooms because
the people wanted them closed, and I shall do
my utmost- to keep them closed for the same
reason. I favored the. Dolan ordinance because
those -most Interested and - most familiar with
the State Fair have declared positively that its
success is in a great measure dependent upon
poolselling while the fair Is In progress. Ah
you 'know, the Dolan ordinance was an exact
copy of the ordinance- we battled so strongly
to have enacted when we began the fight
against the poolrooms. It permitted the selling
of pools on horse races at the racetrack while
the races were being run. It was an ordinance
that received the approval of the business men
und the amusement-loving: public In general.
The Board of Trustees, in their discretion, did
not see fit to pass it, but produced the Ing ordi
nance which provides that the Mayor, the Chief
of Police and the President of the Board of
Trustees may issue a license to sell pools.
Mayor Clark's Position.
In view of the Ing ordinance licensing the sell-
• —
SlClfAMENTO, Aug. 4.— Mayor Clark
late to-night gave to The Call cor
respondent a statement declaring
his position on the subject of the
poolrooms. Tha statement forma
the most Important local story of the
hour. It declares the Mayor's opposition
to the poolrooms and sets at rest any
fear that the- poolroom evil will ever
again fasten itself on this community, at
least eo long as Clark is Mayor.
As the result of a crusade against the
poolrooms an ordinance- was passed last
spring shutting down all forms of pool
selling. No objection had been found by
citizens to the legitimate sale of pools at
the State Fair races, and a month ago an
ordinance— known as the Trustee Dolan
measure— was framed, excepting from its
operation the sale of pools on hona-fido
races and on the track grounds. Two
weeks ago, when the final action on the
ordinance was to be taken, Trustee Ing
presented a substitute licensing the pool
rooms, and it was passed over Mayor
Clark's veto and is now the law.
Mayor Clark has declined up to this
time to make a public statement as to
what course he .would pursue under the
existing ordinance. Since he has absolute
control of the situation, his statement has
been anxiously awaited. It is in sub
stance as follows:
Mayor Clark of Sacramento Issues a Statement,
in Which He Defines His Position and
Declares His Decision Is Irrevocable.
WILL NOT PERMIT POOL SELLING
EXCEPT AT STATE FAIR GROUNDS
LOR ANGELES. Aug. 4.— The Tejunga
watershed of <S0 square miles, from
which much of the water supply of Los
Angeles is drawn, is threatened by the
fire in the Sierra Jladres.
This rooming: City Engineer Olmsted re
ceived word that the fire had crept within
five miles of the Tejunga, Before it can
cross Into the watershed it must lap over
the top of the first range of the Sierra
iladref. The City Engineer states that
there may be no- wind from the southeast
in the nrxt few days. Such a wind, es
pecially if strong, might drive the fire
over the range. Once in the Tejunga,. he
says, there <ould be no telling where It
would end. The Tejunga is an exceeding
ly wild and broken district. In many
places the bottom of the canyon cannot
be reached by men at all. and if the /ire
Invades that district it may burn until the
rains come. _
The forest fire In the San Gabriel Range
Is still burning, but the superintendent of
the forcft reserve. Colonel B. F. Allen,
pays that It is under control. Thin w»
made possible through the hiring of 300
mr-n as lire-fighters, at a cost of nearly
JSOOO.
Ojnelusive evidence has been obtained
that after th* fire had been got under
control last Wednesday It was deliberate
ly lighted In no less than three places.
This work of the Incendiaries cannot be
accounted for except under the supposi
tion that Home of the men woo \». — t. -»¦
there to draw the 20 cents an hour pan!
1)V the Government and do as little work
for that money as possible had troubk
with one of th« ¦ rangers and took this
means of venting their spite and proving
to the public that his claim that the fin
at that time was under control was not
1 Wednesday the rangers thought they
h.ad the flames in check, and were about
[o transfer a large number of the men to
Peak, where the fire seemed to
ni<- the hottest, when columns of smoke
w«re eeen curling: up in three places near
Clear Is the Evidence That Incen
diaries Set Fire to the Forest
Reserve in San Gabriel
If Flames Are Not Checked,
Los ADgeles' Water
Supply May Suifer.
FIRE THREATENS
THE WATERSHED
OF THE TEJUSGA
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
I/DDI. CaJ.. Aug. 4. — The skeleton of a man of ordinary height was unearthed
to-day hy workmen on the F. M. Mills farm, adjoining Woodbridge. The bones
were fnund at a depth of two and a half feet and were perfect. Old residents of
* Woodbridge connect the skeleton with a tragedy long since past.
One night, marjy years ago, there came a traveler to Woodbridge who never
l"ft the place alive. What became of him no one knew. He rode into the* town
In the evening, Riving his name as Major Barnes, and after his dinner became
interested in a game of card?. He played long and late until his only opponent
was a half-breed Spaniard. That was the last seen of Major Barnes, and the
next day it was generally reported that he had been stabbed and killed by the
!.alf-br«-ed. The latter was arrested, but even the body of Major Barnes had
disappeared and it could not be proved that the man was dead. The mystery of
Major Barnes'.dteappearance has passed down in the history of Woodbridge and
it is bc-iieved now that the bones found Wednesday are those of the missing man,
and that the half-breed, long since dead or missing, stabbed the traveler and
bulled the body to avoid conviction.
Skeleton Uneartbed on the Mills Farm, in San Joaauin
Counts, Is Believed to Be That of Major Barnes,
Who Disappeared Manu Years Ago.
DEAD MAN'S BONES RECALL
A WOODBRIDGE MYSTERY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 4.— Frederick Himes. 13 years old. to-day confessed that he
had bpen slowly poisoning his father, who is now dying at 'the county hospital,
by Fyptematically putting "Rough on Rats" in his coffee.' He was,, abetted In
th*> terrible deed by a younger brother.
Thp family consisted of the father, four boys and a girl. They moved .here
recently from Soqucl. where the mother died six months ago. The father and
ohiMren occupfed a email cottage on G street. Two weeks ago to-day Mr.
HtoM visited the watermelon ranch of his father-in-law, Nathan Hart, on
Kearney avenue, taking the children" with him. When the family returned that
CYfivSaz the boy Fred cooked the supper. Knowing that his father alone would
•".rink coffee, the lad placed in the pot a portion of a box of "Itough on Rats"
¦which he and his younger brother had bought at a drugstore the day before for
the purpose cf killing their father.
Soon after drinking tho coffee Himes began to complain of illness in the
region of the heart. Dr. Maupin was called In, but could not diagnose the case,
not suspecting that his patient had been poisoned. Himes was given medicine
and stimulants, however, and the next day was feeling better. Coffee being
bis favorite drink, he asked Fred to make him more of it, and the boy cheerfully
complied, each time adding a half teaspoonful of the "Rough on Rats."
Doctor Tries to Cure, the Boy Tries to Kill.
The Boy Makes Confession, of His Crime.
Medicine and stimulants were administered regularly by the physician and
poison was administered regularly by the boy. The poison finally prevailed and
two or three days apo Himes became unconscious and was taken to the hospital.
He bepan to revive at -intervals, but Immediately relapsed Into delirium, and Dr.
Davidson, the County Physician, says there is no hope for him.
The (Irtails of the crime would probably never have been known had it not
been for a boy named Elmer Martin, a cousin of the parricide. He was at the
Himes cottage when the first dose of poison was administered and was aware of
the plot. When Himes became 111 the Martin boy, who Is only 10 years old. got
rrightened and ran away, going to his own home In the country. He immediately
told his older brother of the poisoning, but Mr. and Mrs. Martin were away at
Santa Cruz and the older brother did not think seriously enough of the matter
to report it. When his father and mother returned, from the coast vesterday,
however, he informed them of what his brother had told him, and they imme
diately communicated the facts to Nathan Hart Jr. and George Hart, brothers-in
law of Hlmes. The Hart brothers took Fred Himes aside and questioned him.
At first he tried to evade their Questions, but finally made a clean breast of the
whole affair.
Deputy District Attorney Church interrogated the youthful criminal at th«
Jail this afternoon. Without emotion he told how he had administered the pol
eox He axid his younger brother. Frankle, 9 years old, had bought the etuff at
a drugstore, he paying 15 cents and Frankle 10 cents of the purchase price.
"Why <!ld you put it in the coffee?" was asked.
Here the boy broke down for the flrst time and cried bitterly as he told how
Ma father had abused him. He said be had not seen his father until he was 2
years old and that the latter always bated him worse than any other member
of the family. "Father drinks a gooO. deal," said he, "and then he is always
worse."
Th© boy 6*1(5 that "Rough on Rats" was the only form of poison he was ac
quainted with. He said h» had noticed the effect on rats and thought It would
make his father pretty sick, anyway, if It did not kill him. If the father died,
. The boy said, he would get a chance to drive a team which Hlmes had purchased
_recently. His father, he said, had never permitted him to handle It. The boy
denied that he had given his father more than one dose of poison, but this does
not agree ¦with the etory told by his younger brother.
The most remarkable crime In the history of Fresno County was
brought to light yesterday by the confession of Fred Himes, a lad 13
years old, -who coolly explained to the officers of the law how he had poi
soned his father by giving him coffee containing "Bough on Bats." The
father is lying at the County Hospital at the point of cfeath and the
youthful criminal is in jail. He makes no effort to extenuate his guilt
and his only excuse for the awful crime is that his father had mis
treated him.
Puts "Rough on Rats" in His Par*
ent^Cqffee, Administering Bane
fill Potions WM3e Doctors
Try to Cure, _
FRESNO BOY POISONS
HIS FATHER AND THEN
CONFESSES HIS CRIME
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
NOTABLE WILL BE THE WEDDING
JF MISS MACRAE AND LIEUT. HALL
Social Event Set fop
Next Wednesdau
Will Be the^ Affair
of the Season in
Naval Circles at
Mare Island. ..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
29
/Cameras, photographic nupplles, hooks
on photography and books for. unmounted
photographs.^ Printing .and' developing
done , in the latest -. styles. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market' street. , , •
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 4.— A. J. Wright of
Pasadena, fe. member of the Democratic Coun-
ty. Central Committee, was stricken with heart
disease during a meeting of the committee this
mornlngr. He died some hours later without
having regained consciousness. .
Ladies' White Piqne Dress Skirts.... 35c
And Many Other Finerand CheaperGrades
RIBBONS.
Prices That Will Make Them Go.
No. 80 All-Silk Taffeta, all colors.... I8c
LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR,
Corset Covers 9 C
Ladies' Drawers i5c
Laoies' Gowns....;.... 39c
Ladies' White Snmmer Corset, made of
imported netting 9c
SAMPLE IilNE OF
Taffeta Waist., $2.98
A FEW OF THE MANY
OFFERINGS FOR THIS WEEK
Ladies' Colored and Black Silk Tacked
816 Market St.,
11 O'Farrell St.
JOEROSENBERG
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY PILLED.
NOT FAKES.
A Store That
Advertises Facts!
THE ONLY STORE OF ITS KIND.Bader Will Be Arrested.
An attachment was issued yesterday hy
Judge Dalngerrield for the arrest of Gott
lieb, Bader: in -order,"; to ' secure • payment
from him of alimony, due Mrs. Anna Ba
der, -,. who recently secured a divorce from
him. Mrs. Bader Informed the court that
she/ believed ' Bader '< was ,' about-: to leave
the city. If the attachment is served he
must, pay $200 on account of alimony be
fore takinor a' trio out of the State. ¦ ' -
Chretien Case Continued. .
Judge Dunne called the matter of the
arraignment of John M. Chretien yester
day, but by consent the case was con
tinued to August 1L
Only Two Weeks More.
The final winding = up Assignee 1 Sale of
Shoes will ; now commence. .;¦ Only "two
weeks more and every pair of shoes must
be gone. To-morrow 450 pairs, flno vest
ing and :" kid j top - ladies' ¦' shoes . that are
worth" $3 50 for $1 60 a pair. Latest. styles
and all sizes. Also 1000 pairs men's calf
shoes worth $3 50 for $1 65 a pair. at the
Assignee Sale of Shoes, 775 Market street,
rear Fourth. -- - ."' ¦ -•
To Help the Needy.
When the late - George F. Moorehouse
passed away a few week» y since he left
his mother, whoso pole support he was,
In very reduced circumstances. The mem
bers of Ivy. Chapter of, the Order of the
Kastern Star, of which she is a member,
ascertaining her condition, have arranged
for a benefit entertainment to be given
in Golden Gate Hall to raise funds to as
sure her some comfort In her declining
years. I The matter will be under direction
of a committee of the chapter, of which
Past Patron John H. Gray is chairman
and Dr. James M. Gassaway of the
United States Marine Hospital is secre
tary. • . -?
Are You Registered?
If not ro at once to City Hall. OfQce
open 8:30 a. m. to 10 p.- m.' continuously. •
Music in the Park.
The Park Band ¦will render the following: pro
gramme in Golden Gate Park to-day: :
Overture, • 'Macbeth" .Hatton
"Morceau Auhade Prlntaniere" Lacombe
Fantasia, "The Gold Beetle's Soiree" Kline
OrlKinal> t TarantelIe"......"..:.'...:r.;.-rr.r.;Jullen
Scenes from "U Foria del Destlno"...... Verdi
Themes from "Tannhauser" Wagner
Duet for cornets '...
W.Mahood and E.* Keller.
Hymn, inarch and dance from "Alda".i.. Verdi
Caprice, "In Darkest Africa" .....Soiisa
March. 'The Blue and the Gray'.' . . ..Chattanay
Boy Saws Off the Shafts of a
Buggy' and Carries Them
* .;• .?.;.; ; Away.
Leon Eymat. a boy 14 years of age, was
arrested yesterday afternoon, on a war
rant charging him. with burglary. The
complaining witness Is Peter Castagnetto.
503 Green street. .Castagnetto returned'
from a four months' trip to -Italy a "few
days ago and discovered that his stable
had been forcibly entered and a set of
harness and box of tools stolen. The
shafts of a buggy had also been sawed off
and carried away.
He got a description of the burglar from
some neighbors who had seen him in ! the
stabje and notified the police. He swore
to the warrant yesterday and Eymat was
arrested. The hoy seems to be mentally
weak and will probably be sent for ex
amination before -the -Insanity Commis
sioners. . ¦ ¦ . .
EXTRAORDINARY FREAK
OF A YOUNG BURGLAR
Ismar.the Gypsy.
Celebrated Egyptian palmist and clair
voyant, permanently located at 1148 Mar
ket street, opposite Sixth. Private read
ings 10 to 5 daily. •
MENTAL SCIENCE.
Mr. Charles F. Burgan From the
Home of Mental Science to
Lecture Here. .
Helen Wilmana - (Mrs. Col. C. ' C. Post),
the great apostle of mental, science. Is
famous the -world over for her writings
on Mental Science . and her • marvelous
cures of the sick in mind and body.
The City Beautiful, as Set* Breeze, Fla.,
her home, is called, is to be the seat of
a great college of learning for the prom
ulgation of these great mental,, ideas,
which even material scientists now teach
are the basis of all being. "The mind is
all," she bays; "the body being its mani
festation, must present only, what the
mind admits, permits or demands."
Mental science now has a vast'follow
ing,, all over. the world; her theories are
being-expounded and- lived * up -to; not
only the "common people, hear gladly,"
but also the rich, the scientific, the truly
HELEN WIL.MANS.
great minds of the earth are studying and
practicing this all powerful exposition of
the might of man through" his own will
power. Selfhood, is j taught as the i anti
thesis of selfishness, being * the divinity
within, the only. true-God; so following
our own Inspirations we will be led aright,
into all knowledge, all power, all wisdom
and wealth. Mr. Charles F. ' Burgan, the
secretary of the home . organization of
Mental Science at Sea Breeze, Pla.. is now
In the city and "will deliver a series of free
lectures before the First Mental Science
Temple of this city at Golden Gate Hall.
C25 Sutter street, Sunday. August 5, atli
a. m. and 8 p. m., also Sunday, August 12,
at 11 a. m. The lecture on Sunday even
ing, August 5. will be illustrated with fine
stereopticon views of the City Beautiful
and its immediate vicinity. Mr. Burgan is
a lecturer of great ability and will pre
sent this lnterestine subject in a most en
tertaining and instructive manner. ; Music
under the direction of Mrs. Marriner
Campbell. • ¦ . , • • - .»
.It is a great opportunity to learn more
of, this vast subject which is receiving
so much of the attention of our Eastern
and European neighbors of an inquiring
turn of mind, . who are -; looking for more
lieht upon the subject of human possi
bilities and progress. Mental' Science is
the result of evolution. , Man. has arrived
at this stage of life from the ; protoplasm
and . expects to move on to higher . and
great results-. The future means growth,
eternal life here.
An Insolvent Farmer.
A. S. Hartwick, a farmer of Angel3
Camp, Calaveras County, filed a petition
in insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. His liabilities are
$3682 29 and his assets $110 50.
Bailiff McGrayan Resigns.
Policeman R. H. . McGrayan, who was
under suspension, tendered his resigna
tion to Chief Sullivan yesterday. Charges
had been preferred against him for fail
ing to report for duty. McGrayan. was an
efficient officer and was until suspended
bailiff In Police Judge Conlan's court. He
joined the force September 15,1889. ¦
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nenralsla.
Druggists. SOc flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
"We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, traveling bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks in our leath
er-goods department. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. - - ?
Juvenile Horsethieves.
John Elliott. Henry Mellott© and Hugh
McGonegle. the three small boys who stole
a horse and buggy belonging to D. L.
Marks from the. corner of Stevenson and
New Montgomery streets Thursday ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Elliott and Mellotte were sent to the Boys'
and GIHs' Aid Society and McGonegle to
the Youths' Directory. Mellotte told the
Judge he stole the rig to drive" tp his
mother's grave.
Two Ricker Standard Phaetons out of
twenty-five entries of steam, gasoline and
electric carriages were absolutely the only
machines which made the round trip from
New York to> Philadelphia without the
slightest hitch or inconvenience. •
RICKER AUTOMOBILES
AGAIN WINNERS
Accident to a Fire Truck.
The members of truck 3 had a narrow
escape while on* the way to the double
alarm fire on Eighth street early yester
day morning. The truck was turning the
corner of Mission and Eighth streets when
the rear axle broke. This caused the big
wheel on the right hand side of the truck
to snap off. The truck pitched partially
over, throwing several of the men off.
Tillerman Jensen was tied to his seat anu
he remained there until unfastened by his
companions. Driver Hannon jumped, but
managed to keep control of his horses.
None of the members of the company
were injured. Both hind wheels were
badly smashed.
"Writ of Habeas Corpus Applied For
to Test the Constitutionality of
the Ordinance in Supreme
Court.
Judge Cabaniss rendered his decision
yesterday rrominsr in the cape of \V. D.
Valer.tir.e. EL Burke, 11. Mailer and A.
Prltchard, charged with conducting a
game of chance in the shapo of a "tape
earae" Bt 43 Kllis Ftreet. The Judgf con
victed the defendants and ordered them to
appear for sentence to-morrow morning.
The trial of the case was marked by the
sensational testimony of G. W. Rumble
to the effect that Valentine on January 4
last told him he was making between
53000 and $10,000 per month and v.as paying
25 per cent to Phil Crimmins for protec
tion.
The Judge in rendering his decision said:
"Having heard the testimony and lis
tened to it very patiently, admitting such
of it as I thought 1 properly could with
out doing violence to the rules of evi
dence, I must say the only question which
seems to ;nt- to admit or serious consid
eration is iiia.t raided by Mr. Collins as
to whether the transactions which, ac
cording to the testimony, were had at the
defendant'* place of business <.m the day
in question \\>re different from the ordi
nary market transactions having to do
vitn the buying a:vl selling of mining
etocR. wheat or any other marketable
commodity. Mr. Collins, as I understand
him, insists that these transactions w«»re
precisely of that character. Mr. Coffey.
on the other hand, expresses the view
that they wore not. Now, these transac
tions nave some features which are ad
mittedly suggestive of the legitimacy in
dicated by .Mr. Collins, but I take it they
have not BO much of this character ttiat
the parties may seek to claim they are
•within the law. It is the' real character
of the operations that is to be looked to
Any features resembling the ordinary
market I believe to have been used as a
cJoak under v.hich to conceal what I bo
lleve to be the gaming character of the
transaction."
The charge against the defendants of
conducting a lottery was continued till
next Wednesday. It will be submitted on
the same evidence as in the case of con
ducting a game of chance.
Attorney Col'.in? at-krd that the defend
ant Valentine be ordered into custody, as
he int^n<3«»d applying to the Supreme
Court f'.r a writ of habeas corpus, so as
to have the question of the constitution
ality of the ordinance tested without de
lay. The order was made and Valentine
•was released on flOO cash bail. Collins
applied for the writ to the Supreme Court
and hir motion will be heard to-morrow.
W. D. Valentine and Others
Convicted by Judge
Cabaniss.
BLOW DEALT BY
POLICE COURT
AT TAPE GAME
Orders have been received by the quar
termaster's department at the Presidio to
organize fifty four-mule wagon teams to
be shipped abroad as transportation offers.
A telegram was also received stating that
200 mules would be shipped to this coast
as soon as they had been sufficiently rest
ed, and authorizing the -quartermaster to
purchase as many more. This number of
mules organized into wagon trains in ac
cordance with army regulations will haul
over the roughest roads 150 wagons carry
ing In all 300 tons of supplies. Though the
orders read "for service in the Philip
pines," it is more than probable they will
be used to transport the immense amount
of supplies necessary to supply the army
of 20.000 United States soldiers that will
be sent to China.
Two horses of the Ninth Cavalry and one
of the Third Cavalry having developed the
glanders, were shot yesterday. There are
ICvO head of horses now at the Presidio,
and the killing of these three was neces
sary .as a precautionary measure. Five
veterinary surgeons— three. of the army
and two civilians— were busily engaged
yesterday 'in Inoculating the remaining
animals, with Maiiein, which is used as a
diagnostic agent. Within twenty-lour
hours after the injection of the fluid it can
be determined by the temperature of the
animal whether the disease is latent or if
the horse is in 'perfect health. Kvery pre
caution has been taken to prevent the
spread of the disease.
The general hospital is gradually being
relieved of a large number of patients to
make room for the large number of sick
and wounded of the Ninth Infantry, now
In China, There are now 503 patients. Yes
terday ten were sent to Hot Springs, one
discharged and six restored to duty.
The Twenty-third Infantry will leave the
Presidio at.'/ a. m. to-morrow for Forts
Douglass and Russell.
The following orders have been issued
at the direction of the Secretary of War:
Captain G. W. Read, adjutant Ninth
United States Cavalry, is granted one
mrtnth's leave of absence.
First Lieutenant A. \V. Yates is trans
ferred from the Ninth Infantry to the
Fourth Infantry, and First Lieutenant B.
P. Nicklin from the Fourth to the Ninth.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Lieven de
Poorter is granted fifteen days' leave of
absence, upon the expiration of which
he will report to the Department of Cali
fornia for assignment to duty with troops
en route to the Philippines.
A. \V. Dumm, James W. Holland,
Thomas J. Strong and Clement C. Whit
comb, acting assistant surgeons, are or
dered to report to the Department of Cal
ifornia for assignment to duty with troops
en route to the Philippines.
Captain Henry G. l^ynn, Twenty-second
Infantry, will proceed to Fort Columbus,
Ohio, for assignment to duty with a de
tachment of recruits which he will convey
to the Philippines and there Join his regi
ment. ' .
Captain R. C. Williams, upon his o,wn
application, is assigned to duty as pro
fessor of military science and tactics at
Riverview Military Academy, Poughkeep-
Bie, N. Y.
The Manila library committee, under the
auspices of the. Red Cross societies, dur
ing the month of July sent to the library
at Manila 3C02 magazines, 272S papers and
75 paper books, and forwarded for distri
bution to the army at Nagasaki and Taku,
the islands of Guam and Negros thirteen
boxes of literature. The' committee wishes
to return thanks to' the following' con
tributors: .
Mrs. W. S. McClure; Ooldbenr. Bowen
& Co.: The Call, Frank Miller. Mrs. K. S.
Breyf ogle, Mrs. G. AV. Pringle. The Cen
tury Club. Alameda Red Cross Society,
Miss. Kohl, Examiner, Mrs. Duncan,
Chronicle: O'Connor. Moffatt & Co.; The
Wave. Miss Gallagher. San Francisco
Argonaut, Sacramento Bee, F. A. Deane,
Sacramento v Red Cross Society, Mrs.
Sutcllff. Dixon Red Cross Society. Mrs.
Clark. W. W. Harrington, Mrs. E. Bull,
Dr. Greenlaw, Evening Post and Mrs. J.
Davidson. . , *
Two Hundred Mules to Be Shipped
From the East and Others Pur
chased Here — Glanders at
Presidio.
Will Be Used for Hauling
Supplies for the Army
in China.
WAGON TRAINS
ARE NEEDED FOR
SERVICE ABROAD
Through the connivance of the Southern
PaclSc Company Chicago has contrived to
turn down San Francisco In the business
Of furnishing cats to the Government for
UFe in the Orient. The traffic has been
profitable to the port. Large benefits to
agriculturists and to dealers in oats
were in sight, lor military operations in
the Philippines and in China gave prom
ise of a steady demand. The Southern
Pacific people, looking on with greedy
eyes, saw that if they could haul all the
oat3 from Chicago bound for the Orient
they could get all the profit. The device
was to so fix the rate from Chicago to
Japan, China and the Orient generally
that San Francisco could not do any of
the business. Prominent local grain deal
ers say that a freezeout game has been
surely prepared.
Within the last few days copies of
sripeduie D have been received from the
oiiice of the Southern Pacific Company
by the grain men. One paragraph has
particularly, attracted attention. It. gives
a rate of 6") cents per cental on oats from
Chicago clear through to Japanese and
Chinese ports, whereas the rate from Chi
cago to San Francisco is 55 cents per cen
tal. This enables Chicago to land oats
at Oriental ports at $1 33 per cental. San
Francisco cannot meet that rate, say the
San Francisco dealers. Of course, the
Southern Pacific Company knew that
when the freezeout rate was made.
The first fruit of this deal was the ship
ment of lO.fJOO sacks of oats from Chicago
to China by the German Government. The
Great Northern Railway is in the field
and has prepared to get all the business
it can via northern ports. In the last few
days advertisements have appeared in Or
egon and Washington newspapers calling
for b'.ds for the delivery of 3000 tons of the
best quality of oats and 3000 tons of good
merchantable hay at Vancouver barracks
on or before August 11: also for bids for
the dfllv*»ry of iWO ton? of hav at"* wv»
tons of oats at Seattle on the same dat«.
The products will be brought from Cn.ca
go. which is out. for the business hotfoot
ed.
Schedule D suporpedes schedule- C
which tock effect May 15. It is designated
as a "memorandum of minimum through
rates on outward bound Asiatic business
subject to confirmation of ocean space
applicable to Japan and China and regu
lar ports of call, viz.,- Kobe, Nagasaki
Shanghai and Hongkong." It applies to
all trafiic through or beyond the ports of
call. .
The trade in oats that might have come
to San Francisco from all the nations rep
resented by armies in the Orient, in addi
tion to the business expected from the
T'nlted States Government. Is cut off Oats
delivered to the Government in San Fran
cisco, the best quality, double sacked be
ing demanded, have brought $1 39 placed
on ship by the contractor. The' figures
tell the story." ' • • -
Local Merchants Expect Loss of Busi
ness Supplying Armies of Pow
. ers Warring in the
Orient.
Hands Business to Chicago
in Order to Secure the
Hauling.
RAILROAD TAKES
OAT TRADE FROM
SAN FRANCISCO
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford has de
cided that Brigadier General M. W. Mul
ler of Fresno has the right of seniority
over Brigadier General Warfield, not
withstanding that the lawyer's predeces
sor. Attorney General Fitz&erald, decided
to the contrary. Muller was appointed In
1S91, but at the time of Warfield's appoint
ment, May, 1S95, was a retired ofiicer of
the National Guard. In October, 1S35, Mul
ler was again appointed brigadier general,
but his commission was dated November,
1891, notwithstanding his retirement. It
has long been the custom in this and oth
er States in the matter of appointments
as officers of the National Guard to ad
here as nearly as possible to the regula
tions of the United States army, which m
reference to matters such as this read
as- follows:
The. grades of rank are general, lieutenant
general, major general, brigadier general,
colonel, etc., and in each grade date of com
mission determines the order of precedence,
Between officers of the same grade and date
of appointment or commission, except - when
promoted by seniority, relative rank is deter
mined by length of service, continuous or
otherwise, as a commissioned officer- of the
United States, either In the regular army or
since April IS. 1S61. In the volunteer forces.
When periods of service are equal precedence
will, except when fixed by order of merit on
examination, be determined: First, by rank
!n service when appointed; second, by former
rank in the army or Marine Corps; third, by
lot, among such an have not been In the mili
tary service of the United States.
An officer on belnp wholly retired becomes
a civilian and can be readmitted to the ser
vice only by o new appointment In the grade
of secon-1 lieutenant, except by express author
ity of Congress.
According to Fitzgerald's opinion "VVar
fleld is senior over Muller by live months,
but Attorney General Ford opines that
Muller has four years the advantage In
service and is therefore entitled to prece
dence. The clashing of the opinions of
the legal gentlemen passes the matter up
to Governor Gage.
Opinions of Attorney General and His
Predecessor Differ— Matter Is
Now Up to Governor
Gage. .
Date of Commissirn of the
Fresno Officer Gives
Seniority.
FORD SAYS THAT
GENERAL MILLER
RANKS WARFIELD
The murmur of complaint that has been
heard In National Guard circles for some
time In regard to its condition has reached
the commander in chief, who, it is re
ported, proposes to make an investigation
on his own account and not rely upon the
pro forma reports that are to be seen at
headquarters. If he does, this none will
be more pleased than the'merabers of the
guard themselves, who are ready and
willing to do all that Is demanded of
citizen soldiers. As -It Is /now, however,
they have fallen into a state of lethargy
from which they can be aroused only by
some heroic effort such as the commander
In chief It Is said contemplates.
The First Regiment is to be uniformed
at last. The uniforms are now in a ware
house and ready to be inspected, and then
distributed to the men. When the men
were apprised of this within the past
three days they expressed the hope that
.the distribution will not be hampered by
oflicial red tape, as they are anxious to
parade on September 10 in respectable
looking uniforms.
To what extent the National Guard of
this State will participate in the celebra
tion of the golden jubilee is still a matter
of doubt. The several organizations are
anxious to be in San Francisco to add to
the magnificence of the affair, but the
matter of transportation cannot be satis
factorily adjusted. It will require about
$5000 to bring the troops here and return
them to their respective localities. As Ad
mission day Is not one on which the guard
must turn out for parade the State will
not assist in a financial way. The finance
committee of the celebration does not feel
authorized to appropriate that amount of
money for military display. At present it
looks as if only the two regiments of the
Second Brigade, the First and the Fifth
Infantry, the Signal Corps and the troop
of cavalry located in this city will appear
in line.
At an informal reception and supper
tendered Colonel Beck, the new pay
master of the Governor's staff, a few
evenings since by the erstwhile pay
master, • Colonel Chadbourne, the latter
formally turned over the office to his suc
cessor.
"With this," said Colonel Chadbourne,
"goes the insignia of office, the ace of
diamonds, which is to be placed on the
collar of your coat. Colonel -Beck, but in
my opinion, based on experience, that Is
not the proper insignia. It ought to be a
jimmy and a dark lantern."
Colonel Beck looked amazed.
"Yes,", continued Colonel Chadbourne,
"that is what it oupht to be, for during
my term when there was any need for
money I had to break into the treasury."
Captain D. A. Smith, adjutant of the
Fifth Infantry, has been detailed to pre
side at an election to fill a vacancy in the
office of captain of Company B, vice Part
ridge, commission expired.
A summary court-martial has been or
dered for the 10th inst. by regimental or
der 8. Fifth Infantry, for the trial of such
Fiersons as may properly be brought be
ore it. The detail for the court is- Major
L. \V. Juilliard. • . • ¦
Colonel Victor Duboce, Commanding the
First Infantry, is reported as very low.
and It Is thought that the time when he
will pass away, is not far. distant.
Troop A, cavalry. Captain Jansen com
manding, will go on a march next Satur
day evening to Ayala Park, near Berke
ley. . - ' -¦•; - .
Will Endeavor to Arouse the State's
, Militia From the Lethargy Into
Which It Has Be
lapsed.
• ¦ ¦
Commander in Chief to In
vestigate Condition of
the Guard.
LONG DELAYED
UNIFORMS FOR
FIRST ARRIVE
THE SAN FR ANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5; 1900
30
* 7l Blues
Yacht Cloths —
/<"*p^d/T\ and Fancy Pretty Blue Cheviot Vestees, the vest f\£\
1 P" JI^S/M Checks, in neatlr/ braided, also the collar of the coat, *~%f\f*
Wl^P^ full winter a £ es S to S years ... . .... Monday « ° uv
\T/f Xs iS u ' ei * ht; a ~ es Broken lines of Fancy Cheviots; All -Wool Suits,
\!/!'Xw- S to 10. * about 150 in all, ages 8 to 15 years, fi% a r\r%
mW'/ On the Bar- formerly $4-00 and $5.00 Jki UX
IS tfaw Table • • • • Monday .V. X# W
'<. Monday, Just 200 pairs for 200 htckn buy ers— $1 A £%
SA QQ Knee Pants, in blue cheviots and fancy mix- ZLX|p
X»OC3 tures, ages S to 15 years . . . Monday J^vynJ
.^ v . ¦
Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Are Giving
3 time. PJ . Un FT!
¦a* Premiums rREJi
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spiaas, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good TJiue and Place to Day
v Grcal Americai inponisg Tea Ca.
I10-:i: <Jrznt Ave. mex.. Gutter and Post).
fcCl Market St. lOpp. Powell).
340 Stilii St.
SCS Hares St. - ?l» Third St.
MIS i'oik St. t2i Monteomerr ATe.
r:i* tllacloa St. 70S Larkln St.
tC06 Sixteenth St. im DevUadero St.
J<C Ninth St. «7S Haicht St.
SOOS FiMmcre St. KSS Mission St.
C2 Market St. 272* ?Uh St
OAKLAND STORES.
JS3 Wash'.rcton St. CIS E. 12th St.
JI37 Uroadway. 11SS J3d Ave.
ILIO Beventh St. 1255 Park St.. 1 Atameda.
li St.. near 4th. 3an Rafael.
A Big Premium Given With
Evsry Purchase.
4- Room Furniture
FOR $93,
CEDTtOOM— D*flroom *et. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 rood Wire bt>rir.K. 1 coed Top Mattress. 1
Pair PSllowe.
PAKLOR- e pieces Oek or Maboaraor Uphol-
rter«-d Set.
DINING-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table
( Oak Chain. »
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. I No. » Btor*. 2
Chairs.
Xo extra chanre on credit.
— MAKE TOtTR OTVN TETUtS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
13101312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Qr.nn Ereninm*.
In order to close out odd sizes in long
waisted corsets, we have reduced our $1.50
six-hook French sateen covered corsets, which
are well boned and perfect fitting to
." ¦ -
Pnnt"pn Or^npnp^
Artistically colored printed cotton draperies,
$6 inches wide, suitable for Wall and window
hangings and all kinds of upholstering at
; Bath Rugs
Turkish crash bath mats in a variety of col-
ors and designs, quite the best thins 'we know
of for the bath room ; size 22x24 inches at
;T:.b z\<ove goods now on display in our window?. '
129 Kearny Street
- • : "-•-. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPENING
OP
During the past week we have re-
celYed large quantities of goods for I
our" different departments and will
have on sale this week the following
New Goods.
NEW COLORED SILK .POPLINS, NEW NOV-
ELTY SILKS, NEW SILK CREPE DE CHENE,
both colored and Wackj NEW BLACK AND
COLORED SILK VELVETS, both jjanne and
plain; NEW COLORED AND BLACK SILK
TAFFETAS, NEW GOLF SKIRTINGS, NEW
ENGLISH AND FRENCH CLOTHS, NEW
FANCY FLANNELS, NEW NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS, NEW BLACK GOODS, NEW RIB-
BONS, yNEW LACES, NEW HOSIERY AND
UNDERWEAR.
Our Mail Order Department is most complete.
All orders for samples op goods filled and
shipped the same dau theg are received.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,'fjFREEl 'If REE 1 1
With Mny purchase in our Ju-
venile Dep't—Our
Patent Pedagogue Pencil Box!
?• : . — - —
On the = =¦ = -.".-.
Bargain Table.
fj] We have taken,
i)all of our $6,
$7 and $8 Bin*
Worsted Chev-
iots and Fancy
Scotches, one
prettier than
the Other— abou 1
200 suits in, all,
ages 6 to 15
years — and
placed, 'em, on,
the B a r 0 a i, n
gi k Table for Mon-
ty ¦ S& daj/, at
gaEsssasHBi»asBaiBB»i
5 Ricker ' ¦
u - ¦ 5
g Automobiles 1
I See S
I Fred Ward & Son, S
§ 46 Fremont St., ¦
| San Francisco. |
S3 S
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦««»
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
CLEARANCE SALE
OF PIANOS!
Prices way down. We have
• a lot of fine instruments to sell
and we want to sell them.
The J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
W17-1O23 MISSION STREET,
ABOVE 8IXTH,
Phona South 14. *Jaa Trueisoo.
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
Including Lemalres, with and without haniSletw
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala lfl.
642 Market 5t. instruments
undeh cMROA*icit BuitoiMc. Catalcgue Free.
DR.MCNULTY.
mni.S WEUr-KSOWS AND RELIA BT.K OLD
J. SpeciJ»li*tcur#»l*rtvsue, Nervous, ;in<J lilood Dl.v
*rwes of Meu only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over -0 y '«• experience.
Patients enredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours*
toSdnily:6.20 to 8: JO er'gs. Sundan, 10tnl2. Consal.l
btUonfreeaudnacredly confidential. CaH.oraddreaai
p. noscoK aiffXULTT, n. i>. nn
Zdli Kearny St., Man Francisco, CaLGordon Henderson, a 13-year-old boy,
residing at 311 Turk street, reported to the
California street police station that ha
had been robbed of J4 SO by a l»-year-old
crook last evening. Young Henderson la
employed as a messenger boy by a drug
company on Grant avenue and was deliv
ering a package on Montgomery street
when the thief approached him. Seeing
the messenger receive (I 3 In exchange
for the package the other boy urged him
to invest it in a proposition that would
net {5. The Innocent youth passed the
money over, whereupon the party who
received it took to his heels and haa not
been seen since.
Innocent Youth Sobbed.
Judge W. P. Lawlqr Indorsed.
• The Forty-third District ' Democratic
Club ha3 Indorsed the candidacy of Judge
W. P. Lawlor for Superior Judge.
At It3 last meeting the Horace Davis
Club decided to form a permanent or
ganization and to meet once a month the
year round, campaign or no ' campaign.
Prominent men will be invited to address
these monthly meetings, matters of local
and national politics will be discussed and
measures will be adopted to secure clean,
anti-boss, representative politics for the
district. The Idea is certainly a good one
and deserves the -support of every voter
who is interested In pure politics. Among
the prominent members of the club are:
Horace Davis, president; A. E. Bucking
ham, treasurer; Fablus T. Finch, secre
tary: Supervisor George It. Sanderson: II.
L. Tlckner, manager tariff department of
"Wells. Fargo & Co.; Nathan H. Frank;
Election Commissioners Sheldon G. Kellog
and A. W. Voorsanjrer; Maurice Brandt.
Montgomery Baggs. M. Ehrman. H. O.
Beatty and "Warren Gregory. This club
holds its next meeting at Franklin Hall.
1S29 Flllmore street, on next Wednesday
evening. August 8.
The Dibble Club Is presided over by
Arthur "W. Spear and Is making strenuous
efforts to secure control of the district.
Members of the Davis club declare that
they are In the* fight to stay and. that
neither Dibble nor any of his Ilk who
have announced .their allegiance to the
Fifth and Market streets political ma
chine shall represent the Forty-first Dis
trict.
Republican boss and anti-boss factions
in the Forty-first Assembly District are
arrayed In a lively contest. The fight
seems to be centralizing around the elec
tion of an Assemblyman. The bosses con
trolling one club are endeavoring to se
cure the re-election of Henry C. Dibble
to the Assembly. Matters of great im
portance to San Francisco - are to come
before the next Legislature, hence their
activity.
The Kelly-Crimralns contingent realizes
the great assistance that Dibble could be
to them if they can place him in power.
They are particularly anxious to secure
hia election, for among other political
measures the Assembly districts of the
State are to be reapportioned and a new
primary election law Is to be adopted.
Opposed to the Kelly-Crlmmins-Dibble
club i3 the club presided over by Horace
Davis and having on its roll of member
ship the names of many leading business
men of the district. Mr. Davis club de
feated the boss element at the last pri
mary election by a very considerable ma
jority, and although hampered by the fact
that the' Supreme Court has Invalidated
the Stratton primary election law the
members feel sanguine of again defeat-
Ing the boss-saloon element this year, no
matter what the method for selecting the
delegates to the conventions.
CONTEST ON IN rOBTT-FIBST.
Horace Davis Hepublican Club Fight
ing Kelly-Crimmins Faction.
executive committee of the Dem
ocratic State Central Committee de
ll cllned to commit itself on the elec
tion or appointment of delegates to
the several conventions at a meeting
held in the California Hotel yes
tefday afternoon, preferring that the
unpleasant task should go to the Cen
tral Committee as a whole. It was voted
to change the date of the State conven
tion from August 30 to such time as the
Central Committee may fix at its meeting
to be held next Saturday. The reason for
changing the date of the State convention
was on account of the Supreme Court's
action in declaring void the law under
which the convention was called.
The' headquarters of the Democratic
State Central Committee were crowded
with members and visitors all yesterday
afternoon. A meeting of the executive
committee of the central body called out
the politicians. There was a big delega
tion on hand, who came as representativea
of the different Assembly districts which
had passed resolutions during the week
protesting against the appointment of del
egates to the several conventions by the
County Committee. It was lirst whispered
about that the meeting would be an ex
ecutive one, and the delegates were much
disturbed for a while lest they should be
barred from a hearing. The committee
got together shortly after 2 o'clock and
decided to hold an open meeting.
State Convention Postponed.
T O. Toland. a member of the State
Board of Equalization, presided. The
committee had evidently determined upon
a plan before going into session. A mo
tion by ex-Governor J. H. Budd that the
executive committee' call the State Com
mittee together and recommend that the
State convention, which was to have been
held August 30, be postponed until a week
or more later, met with no opposition and
the motion was speedily passed. This ac
tion will bring the Democratic convention
after the Republican convention.
C. O. Dunbar of Santa Rosa thought
that the State Central Committee should
be called together as soon as possible, as
there was much preliminary work to be
done, especially in the counties, and the
dates or the county conventions would
depend very largely upon the date of the
State gathering. He thought a meeting
should be set for not later than next Sat
urday.
J. Harvey McCarthy of San Diego also
favored a speedy meeting. The people In
his district, he sakl, were anxious to get
to work. In regard to delegates, he fa
vored their election by the voters in pref
erence to their appointment by the County
Committee.
Maguire Favors Election.
Judge Maguire favored immediate action
by the executive committee. He said thera
was a resolution relative to the primaries
pending from the last meeting, and he
thought it an opportune time to bring It
up.
Ex-Governor Budd preferred to wait
and see what action the Republicans
would take and then act accordingly. "We
cannot go astray if we first find out what
our friend the enemy is going to do," the
Governor said.
Judge Maguire said there was no ques
tion that the proper procedure in the se
lection of delegates was to have them
elected and not appointed. The club roll
The legislative committee, Frank II.
Gould chairman, held an executive ses
sion, at which the duties of the members
were outlined and a plan of work was
laid out. The press committee, of which
James P. Booth is chairman, also held a
meeting. It was decided to get out some
campaign literature for the party organs
in the interior at once. The press com
mittee is comprised of twenty-one mem
bers.
A convention, within the meaning of this act.
Is an organized assemblage of delegates, elected
by ballot at a primary election, and represent
ing a political party which, at the last election
before the holding of such convention, polled
at least 3 Der cent of the entire vote of the
State, county, city and county, district, or
ether Dolltlcal division for which tbe nomina
tions are to be made.
Ex-Governor Budd moved that a com
mittee consisting of Frank H. Gould.
Judge Magulre and Chairman Toland be>
appointed to confer with the legal com
mittee and report on the latter's inter
pretation of the following: portion of sec
tion 1136 of the registration and election
laws of California:
M. F. Tarpey. the National Committee
man, assured Buchanan that the interests
of the voters would be looked after and
that any attempt to give the County
Committee the appointive power would be
opposed.
Gould said he was as anxious to pro
mote the success of the party as anybody,
but he thought the primary question wa.s
one which properly belonged to the State
Committee. On motion of Judge Maguiro
the various resolutions were finally re
ferred to the State body and the delegates
present were asked to appear before the
State Committee and explain their griev
ances. Chairman Toland said that if the
executive committee should act on the
question and the State Committee took
an opposite course much confusion would
result.
Tarpey as a Peacemaker.
primary could be followed under the «*
rection and supervision of the County
Committee. Of course, thia question of
how and in what manner the delegates
should be elected is one that those who
have given the thing study and investiga
tion are expected to determine. ,
Frank Gould said there was only one
body that has any authority, That
la the State Committee. The ex
ecutive committee could do nothing' and
the discussion he considered "much ado
about nothing." The duty of the ex
ecutive committee, he said, is to proceed
with the executive portion of the cam
paign. There Is no man here prepared to
state authoritatively what would be the
right course for this body to follow in
regard to the selection of delegates, even
I* we had the power. ¦ Hence it would be
the height of folly for us to attempt to
act. The State Central Committee la not
a dishonest body, and when they meet
here their wisdom will be manifest by
their actions.
At th , ls P oi nt one of the delegates. Law
rence Conlon. wanted to know If the com
mittee had received a set of resolutions
from the Bryan and Stevenson Club of
the Twenty-eighth Assembly District.
Being answered in the negative. Mr. Con
lon brought forward some resolutions and
requested ».iat they be read to the com
mittee. They contained an emphatic pro
test against the appointment of delegates
by the county committee.
Mr. Gould moved that the resolutions aa
well as other communications received In
reference to the matter be referred to the
State Committee. This brought Senator
l>ucnanan. another delegate, to his feet,
and he declared vehemently that Goultl
was no Democrat and It would be the
likes of him who would bring about
Bryan s defeat. The speaker defied
oould s right to turn down the vlsltins
cieifgrates. They had come as representa
tives of several hundred voters who de
manded a say in the election of delegates
to the conventions. Buchanan became so
abusive that the sergeant-at-arms was
called for. but there was none at hand and
Buchanan finished his tirade.
Question of the Election or Appointment of
Delegates to the Several Conventions
Is Still Undetermined.
The Democratic State Executive
Committee Declines Shoulder
ing the Responsibility.
PASSES THE BUCK
TO CENTRAL BODY
MAKES ANSWER FOR,
THE LONGSHOREMEN
The i Longshoremen's ! ¦ Protective • Asso
ciation, through its president, H. J. Jack
son,' denies that : discrimination: Is 'made
against ' ex-soldiers ' In" favor 'of foreign-
«=y=3HE King of Korea has determined that it Is necessary # that his second son,
* || ' - Eui Wna, who will doubtless become his successor, shall have an education
H from" an American : institution of learning." As a consequence the Prince ar
rived In this city. on the City of Peking yesterday and Is now stopping at the
Occidental. His Highness speaks very little English, but is rather an intelligent
young fellow and evidently willing to take to the ways of. the barbarian Ameri
can. '
Prince Eui Wha Is accompanied by Sin Ta Moo, who will be Cfcarge d"Afraire3
of the Korean legation 'at Washington. His attaches are Hong Ching Moo,
Cong Koo Ching and Eung Nl Han. The last named will proceed to the Capitol
at once, but the Prince will remain in San Francisco Indefinitely. It Is his Inten
tion to I remain in the United States ¦ several . years ¦ in" the search of knowledge.
but he has not selected the college in which he will study.. The institution at
Roanoke, Va., has the preference at present. This is the second visit of Prince
Eui.Whatoithe United States, his first trip having been made In 1895. He Is 23
years'old, but looks much* younger. . ; .¦/¦
EUI : WHA, PRINCE OF KOREA.
t fTy? DREAM is weighing heavily on the mind of W. H.
/lj\ Christlns. Piano. Tex. Christins 1 dream laid at his
ii feet a golden horn of plenty and the horn is miss-
Ing. Christins Is haunted by' a dream of wealth
now 6tanding in the name of Henry Sals.; Who Henry
Hals is Christins does not say. He even neglects to infer
that Sals was once an entity, but his dream will be ac
cepted as proof that such Sals was. •'
• Shortly after he had his dream Christins addressed a
letter to County Clerk Deane, presumably Inquiring about
Sals and the money. A nightmare for Mr. Deane followed
the receipt of the letter, and the next day it , was re
turned, with instructions to Christins to decipher the
missive, have it typewritten and an answer would* be
forthcoming. The typewritten substitute arrived yester-
PLANO, Texas, July . 81, 1900.
William A. Deane — Dear Sir: In regard to your answer of
the 27th. I will cay that I had several dreams concerning Henry
Bals, first dreaming that he wa» In Dallas, Texas, had good prop
erty and wanted me to, have the same. A few nights after I had
another dreamand he was In San Francisco. Cal: The matter of
late has been bearing: very heavily on my mind and. I want you
to carefully examine the records and see if. there Is such a per-
Bon by the name of Henry Sals. Answer Boon and give me all
the Information you possibly can on the matter. Yours truly,
« . W. H. CHRISTINS.
A load will be lifted from the mind of Christins when
he receives County Clerk Deane's answer, but another
and a heavier one will be dumped on his heart, for from
the records it appears that Sals has thoughtlessly failed
to die In this vicinity and leave his money to Christins..'
Though no one In the office of the County Clerk is super-.
stitious, none believing in dreams, 'all. felt a sense of pity
for Christins and believed it their duty to 'see that Chris
tins' note was honestly answered, so Just for that purpose'
they looked \ up the record; - When f the search w-as com
pleted the County Clerk's deputies were of the opinion
that Christins' hopes were based on naught but a dream,
for they had failed to find the name \ of Henry ".Sals.'
Neither did they hear his voice from the grave, • though
they often, looked behind them when searching as though
expecting Henry's aid in their arduous labor. - • -
Vision of a Texan Makes
Labor for Comely
Clerk Deane.
Charge Made That Terror
Forced Ann Olbrecht
to Make a Will
IF the allegations of heirs left behind by the late Ann
Olbrecht arc true, spirits were called from the halls
of death to haunt her and surround her with fear
and misery during her closing hours. When Mrs
Olbrecht died at the age of SO years she left behind her
an estate valued at 54000. Two wills were found disposing
of the estate. One is held by Sarah Borland, her niece
and in the document the holder Is named as the sole
devisee. The other, which is of prior date. Is held by
various relatives of the deceased. They claim the testa
ment In possession of Sarah Borland was not signed by
decedent, but is a fictitious document. In their contest
of this document hut two of the heirs appear as contest
ants of record— Maggie Ann Harper, a niece of dece
dent's sister, who resides in Bonoma County, and John
Cooke, a grandnephew. who resides in Alameda. Among
the allegations of the contestants, by proving which thev
hope to defeat the holder of the first-mentioned will, are
some that savor of the supernatural. They charge that
out of the dark recesses of the night Sarah Borland was
wont to call ghosts of the departed. In the mind of the
aged woman, which the contestants claim was under the
complete control of Sarah Borland, the hazy specters
rose before her only to waft away and leave behlrrU a fit
of terror that lived until her death.
When the old lady objected or refused to comply with
Sarah Borland's orders. Miss Harper charges that Sarah
would pinch and strike her. These means falling, Sarah
would take away the crutch with which Mrs. Olbrecht
supports herself, and then, as the old lady was unable
to move about, would starve her .into submission. At all
times, the contestant further claims, the deceased be
lieved that Sarah Borland exerted superhuman powers
over persons and things and had superhuman means of
punishing and terrifying all with whom she came In con
taut. In eddition, Mrs. Olbrecht. was In constant fear of
being poisoned, end while thus terrified was forced to
name Sarah Borland as sole devisee. .
In his contest John Cooke, In addition to the charges
made by Miss Harper, alleges that Sarah Borland, in or
der to more completely terrify aged Mrs. Olbrecht, called
upon ghosts and the. bodies of the dead to rise from their
graves to compel obedience to her commands. Thus ter
rified to the end. he claims Mrs. Olbrecht went to 'her
wave. ;¦..', -i-:.V t-
No doubt there is a scheme hatching
for the election of delegates other than
those to. be elected 'to represent the Re
publicans of the district in the State con
vention. Dibble was; figuring with the
committee after adjournment. '
The Fifth Congressional District Repub
lican Committee, which J. Alva Watt aD
pointed, in 1899. met in his law office yes
terday afternoon. I Max Goldberg was per
mitted to call the meeting to order and
entertain a motion to adjourn.- For this
recognition of political power Goldberg
was duly grateful. ' Commltteeman J.- D.
Mackenzie of Santa Clara and Robinson
Cobb and Fairchild of San Francisco were
present. Max Goldberg and J. Alva Watt
were heeled with proxies. It was decided
that nothing should be done until after
the next meeting of the Republican Coun
ty Committee of San Francisco, hence an
adjournment .was taken to ¦ meet next
Wednesday evening at W. H. Cobb's of
fice. ¦ • -
Fifth Congressional District.
The Fourth Congressional District Re
publican Committee was called to order
yesterday afternoon in Golden Gate Hall
by the chairman. Joseph S.' Spear Jr. The
roll call brought response from A. Ruef
«• H; W r « a "' A - Barnard. James
Snook, William Howe, R. H. Williams
John A. Hoey. Martin Kelly was present
with two proxies. He moved that a com
mittee of three-be appointed to prepare
a call for a primary election. The mo
tion-prevailed and the chairman, appoint
f? *£ H- Prendergrast. A. Barnard and
Dr. P. A. Kearney.
There is no opposition in Republican
ranks to the renomlnation of Julius Kahn
to represent the district in Congress but
there is positive, opposition to the schema
for . perpetuating in power a committee
that is governed by Crimmlns and Kelly.
The bosses apprehend that delegates
t£°£ n J? f re P resent , . th e Fourth District
In the State Convention would appoint a
committee composed of reputable Repub
li? an A enc « the pressing demand from
the Mint saloon for a primary and a sep
arate set of delegates. -..-.
As the Supreme Court has overthrown*
the primary election law, Kelly and Crim
mlns can appoint' their own election offi
cers and throw as many votes as they de
sire for the delegates named in the back
room of the Mint saloon. • The proverbial
cat -without claws stands a much better
chance of recognition in hades than a de
cent Republican can get at a Kelly-Crim
mins primary in the Fourth District.
Fourth Congressional District.
The First Congressional District Repub
lican Committee met yesterday afternoon
in Golden Gate Hall. The committee re
organized by electing Walter F. Price of
Sonoma chairman and William Barr of
Marin secretary. It was the sense of the
committee that delegates elected to the
State convention from the counties com
prising the First District should consti
tute the Congressional District Conven
tion. It was directed that notice should
be given of this fact to the County Com
mittees of the district. «
Republican Committees of th© First,
Fourth and Fifth Hold Meetings.
CONGRESSIONAX DISTRICTS.
KOREAN PRINCE SEEKS
LEARNING IN AMERICA
era in the selection of longshoremen for
work on the transport dock.
Jackson declares that to become a flrst
class longshoreman a man must have a
certain amount of sea experience. The
average man is not fitted for the work,
as it really amounts to a trade. As a
rule, the ex-soldier who applies for work
says he has disposed of the transportation
given to him to his home by the Govern
ment, and with no qualifications and sim
ply because he followed the flag in the
late war he argues that a local longshore
man of family should be displaced to
make way for him.
'There are many men among our mem
bers," says Jackson, "who have fought
in the Civil War, but they do not advance
that reason when asking for employment
No business firm would discharge a com
petent worker and fill his place with one
unfamiliar with the work on the plea
that an Eastern soldier must be given
employment; and so it Is in this argu
ment."
My only participation in politics this year
has been to ask some of my friends and ac
quaintances to co-operate with the regular Re
publican organization of this city in securing
the nomination of candidates— particularly for
the Superior bench — who would command the
confidence of the voters and be? likely to carry
the election. I am not. and while the exist
ing lack of harmony prevails, will not, be a
candidate for United States Senator or any
other office in the gift of this State. It will
be time enough to consider such a -candidacy
when success shall depend entirely upon the
advocacy or defense of the principles of my
party in which the whole State is interested
and not upon affiliation with any portion of
that party, and until 'then my friends of the
press will confer the greatest favor by allow
ing: me to pursue my business as a prlvata,citl
zen. Very respectfully,
E. S. PILLSBUItY.
SAX FH.VNCISCO. Aug. 4, 1900.
Editor of the Examiner, City— D?ar Sir: In
view of the publicity lately given to my name
through your paper in connection with the of
fice of United States Senator, I respectfully re
quest the publication of this statement:
That of Any Good Citizen.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 4, 1900.
Editor of The Call, City— Dear Sir: You
will confer a favor by publishing the en
closed copy of a letter which I have this
day sent to the Examiner. Yours truly,
E. S. PILLSBURY.
MB. PILLSBUBY'S ATTITUDE.
His Participation in Politics Is Only
PROMINENT FIGURES SEEN AT REPUBLICAN STATE CENTRAL COM
MITTEE MEETING.
counties or cities and counties to the State
Convention.
The several party committees are notified that
by the provisions of section 11S6 of the Polit
ical Code, as amended In 1S99, delegates to any
political convention must be elected by ballot
at a primary election.
Committeemen Present.
The committee which adopted this call
was, exclusive of those represented by
proxies, as follows:
Executive committee and ex-offlclo
members of the. State Central Commit
tee: Thomas Kirkpatrick. H. D. Loveland,
George Stone. W. S. "Wood, W. Frank
Pierce, William Earr, E. C. Hart, Allen
B. Lemmon, "Walter F. Parker, J. S.
Slausson. G. S. Hardy.
The following delegates were present:
Alameda— T. W. Harris. F. D. Williams,
E. Nusbaumer; Alpine. Frank Smith: Co
lusa, J. L. Allison; Contra Costa. H. V.
Alvarado; Del Norte. G. W. Beacon;
Kern. A. C. Maude! Marin, William Barr;
Mendocino. J. H. Barker; Merced. J. W.
Knox; Modoc. J. T. Laird; Mono. Harvey
Boone; Monterey, E. W. Card; Napa,
Robert Corlett; Nevada. F. E. Wads
worth; Placer, L. L. Chamberlin; San
Benito. Thomas Flint Jr.: San Fran
cisco — James H. Daly, Edward J.
Smith, Horace Jackson, Thomas J. Doher
ty. D. D. Sullivan. Frank Mitchell. E. I.
Robinson. L. D. MacDonald, Emile Bauer,
George Stone, William H. Gallagher. M.
J. Flynn, E. M. Buckley, Thomas Shee
han. Max Goldberg; San Mateo, George
C. Ross: Santa Clara, F. W. Covey;
Shasta. Carl R. Bripgs: Solano, E. P. Hll
born; Sonoma, W. F. Price.
Is Candidate for Congress.
Judge N. H. Conklln of San Diego Coun
ty spent yesterday In the city and was a
prominent tigure in the lobbies of the
California Hotel, where he met a' number
of the members of the Democratic. State
Central Committee. He is working: lip his
boom for Congress in the Seventh Con
gressional District. Judge Conklin is a
former partner of the late Judge J. W.
Hughes. He is about 60 years old. a vet
eran of the Civil War. *Hls Republican
opponent will be the Incumbent, J. C.
Needham.
GHOSTS AND DREAMS PLAY STAR ROLES
IN THESE HUMAN EFFORTS FOR RICHES
The chairman and secretaries of the several
County Committees will transmit to the secre
tary of the Republican State Central Commit
tee, as soon as practicable after the holding of
the crlmary election, duplicate certified lists
of the delegates elected from their respective
Number 1
Counties— of '
Delegates. 1
Alameda 55!
Alpine i|
Amadpr <$'
fiutte 10
Calaveras 7
Colusa 3
Contra Costa S
Del Norte »
El Dorado ' 6
Fresno 13
Glenn 2
Humboldt 15'
lnyo 2:
Kern 7:
Kings 4'
Lake 3
Lassen 3
I>.'S Angeles 70
Macjera 3
Marin {
MaripoEa 2
Meniiocino 9
Merced 4
Modoc 2|
Mono 2
Monterey 9
Na;>a $
Nevada 12
Orange 9]
Xumber
Counties— of
Delegates.
Placer io
Plumas 3
Riverside lo
t-acramento 26
San Benlto 3
San Bernardino .... 13
San Diego 17
San Francisco 130
San Joaqutn 17
San Luis Obispo.... S
San Mateo 7
Santa Barbara 9
Santa Clara 32
Santa Cruz 10
Shasta 7
Sierra 3
SIskiyou g
Solano 13
Sonoma 19
Stanislaus 5
Sutter 4
Tehama 5
Trinity 3
Tulare t,
Tuolumne 5
Ventura g
Volo g
Yuba ¦ fi
Will Meet at Santa Cruz.
That the delegates to the said State Conven
tion from any Congressional district, wherein
the Republican Congressional District Commit
tee shall not -issue a call for a Congressional
District Convention for such Congressional dis
:rict. shall constitute the Congressional District
Convention for such Congressional district and
?uch Congressional District Convention shall
convene at the city of Santa Cruz on the fifth
lay of September. 1900, at S n. m.
That where more than one county la em
braced in a Senatorial or an Assembly district
the delt-satoo to the State Convention from the
Senatorial or Assembly district shall also be
Ihe delegatps to a Senatorial or Assembly Dis
trict Convention to nominate a candidate for
Senator or Assemblyman. In case no separate
Senatorial or Assembly District Convention del
egates have been elected at such primary elec
tion, and that such Senatorial or Assembly
District Convention shall meet in the city of
Kanta Cruz on the fifth day of September 1900
at S:30 p. m. '
That the delegates to the State Convention,
and to such ether conventions as may be held
may be apportioned and elected at larsre or
otherwise, as the party committee In 'any
county or city and county may determine; pro
vided, that there shall b» no apportionment or
flection at large for territory greater than an
Ass->mb!y district.
That the test of right to vote at any primary
election under this call shall be: I affirm that
I am an elector of this precinct, have not voted
before at this primary, am registered or will
register, and in good faith Intend to kupport
the nominees of the Republican party at the
coming election.
Notices cf contest mu6t be filed with the sec
retarv of the Republican State Central Com
mittee on or before the second day of Septem-
Apportionment of Delegates.
That the apportionment of delegates to each
county and city and county under this call is
as follows:
to be voted for throughout the State of Cali
fornia at a general election to be held therein
en Tuesday. November «, 1900, and for the
transaction of such other business as may be
properly brouRht before it.
That said convention shall consist of 6S2 del
eKaies. and all of said delegates must be elect
ed at a primary election, at which all Repub
licans shall have an opportunity to vote, to
be held In each county and city and county
of the State on such date, prior to August 27.
1900. as the county committees thereof may re
spectively determine. At said time and place
and at such primary election held in such
manner, delegates shall be elected to the State
Convention, to the county or city and county
convention, and to such other conventions,
judicial or legislative, as the county commit
tee or committees having direction thereof may
determine to hold. Should the county com
mittee in any county or city and county fail
to issue a call for such primary before the
15th day of August. 1900, the member or mem
bers of the Republican State Central Commit
tee from such county or city and county are
directed to issue such call, to appoint the
primary election officers and in ail details to
Fuperintend the conduct and management
thereof.
That the apportionment of delegates to 6ald
State convention shall be: One delegate for
each 200 votes cast of the average, and one
dolejrate for each remainder of 100 votes or over
of the average vote, in each county or city and
county for the Republican candidates for State
offices voted for at the general election held
in tbe State of California on November S,
IS. 5; Drovided. that any county casting- less
than such remainder for the said candidates
shall be entitled to one delegate
THE Republican State Convention
to nominate nine Presidential elect
ors win assemble at Santa Cruz on
September 5. Delegates from the
Interior holding round trip railroad
tickets will be entitled to stopover priv
ileges In San Francisco. This will permit
the delegates to view the Native Sons'
celebration.
The session of the State Central Com
mittee yesterday was harmonious. The
presiding officer. Colonel Stone, and the
secretary. W. M. Cutter, were able to in
telligently answer every question but one.
That one was propounded by George C.
Ross of £an Mateo. Ke directed attention
to the fact that the committee had ac
cepted section 11S6 as the law requiring
conventions to be composed of delegates
chosen by ballot at a primary election.
Mr. Ross did not question the application
of the law. but cited the fact that dele
pates representing the Fifth Congres
sional District In the recent State con
vention at Sacramento were appointed,
he desired to know was whether a
Congressional District committee appoint
ed by delegates who were not chosen at a
primary election had power to call a
primary. The question was too deep and
far reaching for the chairman and the
latter simply dodged the issue by assert
ing that the State convention had nothing
to say in Congressional District affairs.
The plain truth is that the Fifth Con
gressional District Republican Convention
of 1S3S adjourned withdut appointing a
committee. J. Alva Watt appointed a
committee in the year lit J 9 and the com
mitteemen so appointed by him assume
That they constitute the governing body
vt the Dartr in the district.
Republican Committee Adopts Call.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee of California met at Golden Gate Hall
on Sutter street yesterday afternoon and
•unanimously adopted the newly framed
State Convention call, the original call
having been thrown out of gear by the
Stratton law decision.
Punctually at 3 o'clock Chairman George
Stone brought his gavel Into play. The
meeting did not take long in settling down
and after the roll had been called by
Secretary W. M. Cutter the business be
fore the committee was quickly disposed
of.
The roll called. Chairman Stone ad
dressed the delegates on the object of
their meeting.
"Owing to the ruling of the Supreme
Court on the Stratton primarv law." he
Faid. "the matter is now left in the hands
of the heads of parties throughout the
State. Hence ttic call to the State Commit
tee to assemble here <ind review the new
convention call ar.d consider u* adoption."
\V. S. Wood of San Francisco then
movea that the new call be considered
read and adopted. Delegate Lemmon of
Sarta Rosa disapproved of this course and
moved that the secretary read the new in
strument. It was so ordered. Wood then
took the floor and moved that the call
be adopted. After a little discussion by
the out-of-town delegates, who wished to
be enlightened on, some of the sections of
the call, it was unanimously adopted
Secretary Cutter then moved that the
following resolution be adopted by the
delegates:
nepoived That the executive committee of
the Republican State Central Committee of
California be and they are hereby given tlie
name j>owcr and authority to act on all mat
ters and questions, during- the Interim between
the meetlnrs of said State Committee that
Mi4 Pute Committee possesses by law or'bv
custom of the party. '
It was imperative, said Cutter that
pome such measure be adopted as the in
creased responsibilities of the executive
committee called for increased power to
Eft in campaign matters. The resolution
was aoopted. The meeting then ad
journed.
New Convention Call.
me new call reads as follows:
( T X? R , p P ub ' lc a n State Central Committee of
« aiucrr.ia, the governing body of the Kopub
..-an party of BaM Stare, in meeting assem-
Med in the city and county of Kan Francisco.
tw* *°' \ alu °r ni »: on this 4th day cf August.
New Call for State Convention Issued by the
General Committee — Delegates to As
semble at Santa Cruz September 5.
The Power to Regulate Elections
Is Delegated to the Various
County Committees.
OPEN PRIMARIES
FOR REPUBLICANS
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGSUT 5, 1900.SECOND BASE
SHORTSTOPS.
FIELDERS.
TEAM BATTIXO.
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— A 50-car train of
arms and ammunition, labeled "army sup
plies for China," passed through Oakland
to-day on express time from- Fort Sheri
dan,* 111. s The arms! were sent to the Pre
sidio, - '» •
TTainload" of Army : Supplies.
Only two weeks more will the Assignee
Sale of Shoes . bo ' continued, j To-morrow" I
will sell high grade ladies'' shoes and ties
for 50c a pair at the Assignee Sale I of
Shoes, 775 Market, near'Fourth. :
,. „ P. C. KELLY,. Assignee. * ¦
Winding Up Business.
Germany, too, has its "'"Palisades", ques
tion. . Complaints are heard that some of
the finest scenery in - the . mountains
known aa . the Slebengeblrge - is ¦ being
ruined by stonecutters.-
FOB GLORY AND
GREENHALL ARE
IN GREAT FAVOR
Both Dogs Perform Well and
Are Favored to Win
the otake.
Bun Down at San Mateo Park Fur
nishes Many Close Events, in
Which Several Favorites
Many of the hounds which were picked
by the talent to get well down in the
finals were beaten in the run-down of the
open stake at San Mateo Coursing Park
yesterday. Lowlander was first to break
the combination of the wise ones. In the
second course on the card Geary's Amer
ica was selected as a >^ood thing.
Recent fast performances by America
boomed his chances and odds of 3*3 to 1.
a fair price, were quoted. Lowlander put
up a stiff course, however, and got the
decision on a close score.
Prince Hal was unsighted in a no course;
with Benieia Boy and then beat him trq
the run off at 2 to I.
Sutton's Mayflower won a good go with
Swedish, and looks good for a chance in
the finals. Against Laurence to-day her
chances are good and the course should
be interesting.
Wild Tralee, on the short end, beat Jen
nie Wilson in a hard course.
Cronin's fast one showed much dash and
seems to be rounding to old time form.
It is not long ago that Wild Traloe took
tlrst money in most of the stakes in
•which he ran. Sylvanus went out to
King's Borderer in a close course, which
meant another disappointment. A good
play was made in this event with Syl
vanus as a 2 to 1 favorite, and following
closely Spiteful, another strong favorite.
was beaten by Master Davenport, who
showed best all the way.
Captain Cane's Greenhall put jap a
clever race against Crawford Braes. Ho
exhibited plenty of speed and many
looked for him well within the money at
the finish of the stake.
Best Bargain beat Little Sister, a 2 to 1
favorite, pointless, and will meet Battle
ship In the second round to-day. The
course should be a good one.
"Warship showed up lame, but mftnagea
to win a close race from Lear King.
Though he might recover sufficiently to
make a showing, he is against a hard one
in Regina R. No pools were sold on hid
course yesterday.
For Glory showed all kinds of speed
against Master Claire and her perform
ance and condition won her many backem
for her chances *as stake winner.
Flora McDonald was not In condition
and lost to JLR after an undecided. In
the no course she ran the hare almost to
the e3capeand scored the kill. J f.. II
was unsighted and never joined in. Flora
was a 5 to 1 favorite in the run off. but
the hard work handicapped her too heav
ily and JLR had things much his own
way. Tea Rose is in good position to
make a showing. The day's results, with
Judge Andrew Dean'3 official scores, fol
low:
Open stake— First round: J. P. Thrift's For
s:et beat H. Lynch'a Lcttle M. 7-1; A. John
son's Lowlander beat E. Geary's America, 5-4:
James Dean's Gallant beat A. Johnson'i Tod
Sloan. 8-5; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hat
be.at P. Brophy's Benieia Boy. 5-2: Lowe &
Thompson's Little Fullerton beat P. J. Reil
ly's Plough Boy. 5-4; T. J. 3Idnerney'» Norah
beat J. Morlarity's Jimmy Anthony, 7-3; T.
Tierney's Tea Rose beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Di
ablo. 6-0; W. C. Glasson's Plelirb. Bells beat J.
P. Thrift's Tyron Prince. 10-5: J. Sutton'* May
flower beat J. Mailer's Swedish. 6-2; II. A.
Peckelman's Lawrence beat D. Winders' Ran
dom Aim. 4-2; J. Morlarity's Snapper Carrismn
beat T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale, 9-4: J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael beat L. F. Ba-rtels' Beer
Brewer. 5-O; T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee beat
J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson. S-7; B. Silvers
Re-annex beat Lowe & Thompson's Over the
Border, 13-3 • Aenelci Kennels' Aeneas beat fi.
Abercrombie s Rock Island King. 10-9; F.
Schou's King's Borderer .beat.J. R. Smith." =»
Sylvanus. 4-3: P. McCabe's Crate Boy beat TV.
C Glasson's Santonin. 12-4: Oonneil Fm?.' St.
Helen beat J. W. Wood's Cliff Wilson. 4-1:
Captain Cane's Master Davenport beat Ru3setl.
Allen & Wilson's Spiteful. 8-47 Russell. Allen
& WKson's Ma sic beat T. W. Barters Mara
Melody, 8-0; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat O'She*
Bros." Young America. »-6; Sterl & Knowles"
For Glory beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Mas
ter Claire 8-1: O'Shea Bros." Golden Rule heat
A L. Austin's Firm Foe. 3-:-. F. Jones' Ifar
lean Gladys beat A. Johnson's Bald Ea?!e. W:
E. M. Kellosrz'* Sweet Emma beat Lowe &
Thompson's Scotch Reel. 4-0: K. D. Fallen" »
Lily of the West beat J. Potter's Palmflowfr.
5-1; H. Lynch's Lexlncton beat Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Rosie Claire. 11-S; O. W. Hetntz's
High Jinks beat Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon,
5-2; Captain Cane's Greenhall beat C B.
Charles worth's Crawford Braes. 5-2: E. M. Kel
loicg'* Kid McCoy beat C. Bonar"» Wild N"rah,
5-3- T. J. Mclnerney's Regina R beat II. A.
Deckelman's Snapshot, 7-1; P. J. Reilly's War
ship beat P. Cronin's Lear King, 5-4: L. F.
Bartels' Best Bargain beat. F. McComb's Lit
tle Sister. 8-0; J. Byrne's Battleship beat T.
I»B»n"s MIST* Grizzle, 12-4; Sterl A Knnwl»v
O'Hara beat J. Durene's Hard Lines. ll-'">:
Pterl * Knowles' Olita beat P. DiHon's Pew
Prop. 10-n: P. M. Clarkson's Headwater beat
R_ E. de B. Lopez's Pepita. 14-3: J. J. Ed
monds' Morning Glory beat P. Cronln"3 Master
Gordon. S-^: J. L. Ross* J. L. R. r.eat Lowe &
Thompson's Flora McDonald. 10-8; P. Shan
non's Safeguard beat W. Burke'a Xlght Time.
9-7. t
Convicted Quartet Sentenced.
Stephen Harding, convicted of burglary,
was sentenced to serve fifteen years In
San Quentin by Judge Dunne yesterday.
Harding looted the premises at 137 O"Far
rell street on April 9 last. Paul Neulen
brach. who robbed A. J. \V. Largermark
and was convicted of the offense, was
sentenced to serve ten years In San Quen
tirt. Albert Ferring. Xeulenbrach's "pal."
was sentencefl to serve fifteen years In
Folsom. Joseph Winn, convicted of burg
lary, was Riven three years, and Arthur
Tabor, found guilty of larceny, was sen
tenced to one year In jirison.
ETHELBERT WINS
BRIGHTON CUP
IN TIGHT RACE
Sidney Lucas, the American
Derby Winner, Makes a
Bad Third.
Advance Guard Takes the Highland
Park Selling: Stakes and Makes
a New Track Record
at Detroit.
1TE"W YORK, Aug. 4.— Ethelbert. held
at 1 to 2. won the Brighton cup at two
and a quarter miles at Brighton Beach
¦tn-day. a secant length before Imp, In the
fast time of 3:43 1-5. Sidney Lucas, the
American Derby winner, was a bad third,
ten Jenpths away and eight lengths in
front of the tired Herbert,' who brought
up the rear.
A half holiday crowd was on hand, and
the conditions were all favorable for the
big race. It was 4:C5 o'clock ¦when the
lmple called the horses to the poet. Prince
3.IcC!urg and Prince of Melbourne, the
Realization winner, declined the issue,
leaving four to po. Kthelbert was made
favorite at odds on, -while a heavy play
on Sidney Lucas cut his price from 4 to 3
to 1. The casual rarcgovrs hot their. $3
sn<1 J3O on Imp at R to l". but Herbert had
few follower?. The starter caught them
in line at the firet break. Imp was on
the rail and .Unkins took her out to
make the running. Down past the jrrand
ttar.d thoy came the firpt time with Imp
in front, two Irnerths before Kthelbert.
Herbert and Sidney Lucas, who wore
Ungihs apart. The paeo was fast. Imp
taking her Odd to the half in :0o 1-5. She
pra<1ually increased her advantage and.
po'np up the back stretch, she v.a? Fix
lengths before Ethelbert and going along
evenly. Herbert was four lengths behind
Kthelbert, white Sidney Lucas brought up
lhf r<ar. The Jirft mile was covered
in 1:41 1'-". Down p&Ft the stand they
<:ame for thp second time and >=til! Imp
was pallopinsr along- t-asily in front,
fpenrer wa? crnu< hed low over Ethel
bert's neck «nth a tight hold on his head,
end it was plain that h»? was going easily.
Going up the Lark stretch the second
time, the Mm» order was maintained.
Ne;jrinsr the far turn Spencer let out a
wrap on Ethelbert and Imp's lead was
gradually vut lo two length? '"omir.g to
the far turn. Kight lengtHs back Bull
man was hard at work on Sidney Lucas.
He paM?ed Herbert, but was already
beaten as far as the two leaden* were
concerned. The two-mile mark was
reached in 8:23. the second mile having
been made in ];41. Imp was still in front.
but as they rounded Into the stretch
Etheihert took command and Spencer,
without the us<? of whip or spur, brought
him home a clear -winner amid the wildest
enthusiasm. Imp huns: on gamely under
punishment and finfshed a scant length
¦way. while Lucas staggered in ten
lengths back. Summary:
One rnile and an eighth— Rare Perfume and
Sir Fitrhuch ran a dead heat, Yolo County
third. Time. 1:1,2 4-5. Run-oft Sir Fitzhugh
W"n. Time. l:£S 1-5.
Five furl"nrs— Kenil worth won. King Pepper
re. ond. iJe!vina third. Time. 1:01.
Fix furlongs—^uzette won, Smoke second,
Cyrano third. Time. l:12*i.
Brichu.n *up. two miles ar.d a quarter—
Ktheibert. U'4 <£per.w?r). 1 to 2, won: Imp. 1Z2
<.Jf-nkins). S to 1 and I to 1, tecotid: Sidney
Lucas, 1^9 <Ri!i:man>. 3 to 1. third. Tim?",
Z:O J-:.. Herbert also ran.
The Electric handicap, six furlongs— Tower
of <"andles won. All Saints second, Maria Bol
t< n third. Time. 1:132-5.
*>ne mile. FelMnsr— The Chamberlain won.
Prestidigitator se.or.d, Midwood third. Time, I
3:41. I
SARATOGA. Auk. 4.— John F. Schorr's
or.it Alard Scbecjc won the first half of
th* Grand Union Hotel stakes from an
opposing full of five two-year-oMs to
day. Tommy Bums, who was reinstated,
rode the winner, and the victory with the
Western colt wac due to his saving
ground on the turn into the stretch and
his hustling: finish. The lime. 1 minute,
breaks the track record for the course.
Summaries:
Five and a ha!f furlonce— La Tosca II won,
nanile second. Annoy third. Tine. 1:0714.
<»ne mile and a •ixtcenth— M'-Meekin won,
Qowfaloa second, M*rtitnas f-t-cond. Timt,
3 :©%.
The fjrand I'nion Hotel stakes. valu<? $8^00.
five furlonps — Alard Bebfek won, Th° l'arader
wroad. Luke Ward third. Tiine. IM.
'•r.e mile and a sixteenth— Sjrf-'ific won. Koe
n'jr Hfond, Rochester third. Time, lMS^.
Uuroie rat*, one ini!»> and a half— Klondike
win. I'erion fcond. Cousin Jess third. Time,
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Jolly Roger won
DETROIT. Aucr. 4.— Advance Guard won
the Highland Park selling stakes of $1000
to-day. His time. 1:27. was a new track
record for p^von furlongs. Results:
Six furlong*— OWtt won. Royal Sterling sec
ond. McOrathian Prince third. Time. 1:15.
Kive furlon^F — ("omras« won. Kormalis sec
cr.d. Orsy Pally third. TSaie, 1:02%.
One rrile— Tniala won, Onaver second, Chopin
t! ird. Time, 1:414.
Highland Park wiling etakep. seven furlr>n*rjs
— Advance <iuard won, Our L'szie second, B&ll
Punch third. Time. l:T7.
<"»ne mile— Windward won, Kitty Repent eec-
DBA, Zczane third. Time, 1:42.
Six and a' half furlong* — Inter.t won. By
Oeorjre second. Salvado third. Time, l:22'f
PITTSBURG WINS
BY GOOD FIELDING
Peculiar Decision of the Umpire at
Cincinnati Causes Much, Ad
verse Comment.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ! Clubs— W. L Pet
Brooklyn ....52 23 .fi42 Boston 40 42 .485
Philadelphia 45 37 .549 St. Louis ....36 44 .450
Plttsburg ...44 38 .537 Cincinnati ..37 4fi .44<!
Chicago 41 41 .500 Xew York. ..31 47 .397
PITTSBURG, Aue. 4.— The Pittsbunrs won
out to-day in a brilliant eleven-Inning game,
I^each batting in the winning run. Great field
ing by Clarke, Wagner snd Leach were the
features. Attendance 56<K>. Score:
lS n *f- R. H. E.
Pittsburg 4 14 2
Philadelphia 3 12 3
Batteries— Philippi and O'Connor; Frazer.
Orth and Douglas?. Umpire— O'Day.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4. -The Brooklyns defeated
< nioago to-day by bunchinp hits In tv/o in
ninge. Attendance SOW. , Score:
Clubs- R . H . E .
Chicago. j. 7 2
Brooklyn 6 13 l
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Kltson and
Farrell. I'lnDire— Hurct.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 4.-Th» features of to
day's parr.e was a decision by Pwartwood In the
flrFt inning when he ordered Berry to take first
base after Crawford had caught his fly. He
refused to explain hi* action, though the crowd
demanded it. Attendance 3000. Score:
C'ubs— jt_ ji_ jj
Cincinnati 0 4 8
Boston j 7 0
Batteries— Scott and Peitz; Willis and Clarke
Umr,jr«.--j3ti- a rtwocd.
.ST. LOUIS, Auk. 4.— St. Tviuls won by oppor
tune hitting. Attendance 5300. Score:
c ,°f b *r R- H. E.
Lo « ls \ 9 15, 4
New \<.>rk g 9 2
Batteries— Jones and Criger; Matthewson and
Bowermma. t;mr>ire — Emslie.
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE,, Aug. 4. -Milwaukee 3, In
dianariolls 1. . .
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 4.— Minneapolis 4
Cl»veian4 it.
DETROIT. Aui?. 4. -Detroit 4, Chlcaro 3 '
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 4-Kansas City 7, Buf.
falo G. ,
The new way of shaking hands In Paris
is to raise tbe elbow as high as the ear
and thin take the hand of your friend in
yours, very Ufbtly increasing the presture
re the hand descends to its original posi
tion..
C. D. Haywards of. Redwood City called
at the headquarters yesterday and stated
that* the parlor of that place would parade
in force and with several novel features,
of which announcement will be made dur
ing- the coming week. ' .'¦.'•'»•
The three parlors of San Jose have
adopted elaborate plans for the parade.
The Native Daughters of Vendome and
San Jose parlors will ride in decorated
rigs?. The feature of the Santa Clara
County section will be an elaborate float,
which. It is promised, will equal if not
surpass the famous prune horse sent from
Santa Clara to the World's Fair. San
Jose will furnish as aids to the grand
marshal, H. W. McComas of Palo Alto
Parlor. J. M. Shilue of Observatory Parlor
and Homer Prindle of San Jose Parlor.
Oakland and Alameda parlors promise
an elaborate display. Athens Parlor will
maintain headquarters at the Mechanics'
Pavilion. .
Marshall Parlor has selected Leo Blchel
to act as aid to the grand marshal.
Among parlors from the interior which
promise to be in evidence during the cele
bration Is Sacramento Parlor No. 3, the
second oldest parlor In the order. It
stands very near the head of the list in
point of membership, having 325 active
Native Sons on its rolls. It numbers
among its members men in all ranks of
life and has many prominent In local and
State official life. Among its past presi
dents are Mayor George H. Clark of Sac
ramento, Deputy Attorney General Charles
H. Post and State Highway Commissioner
Frank D. Ryan. Sacramento Parlor, In
the past, has been honore>d with two
grand presidents— H; Clay Chipman. 'who
died in Sacramento last year, and Frank
D. Ryan. '
Mych of brilliant color is to be shown in
the regalia selected for the various offi
cers of parade. Grand Marshal Costello
Is to wear a gold silk scarl, black slouch
hat with ostrich plumes And gauntlet
gloves. He will carry a baton and his
saddle cloth will be white. Major Charles
A. Boxton. chief of staff, la to wear the
regular fatigue uniform of his rank in
the army. Chief Aid Charles H. Stanyan
will wear a red silk sash, black slouch
hat with white plumes and white gloves.
His saddle cloth will be blue. Each mar
shal of division will wear a gold silk
scarf, black slouch hat with gold plumes
and gauntlet gloves, and is to carry a
baton. The saddle cloth of such marshals
will be white. Aids to the grand marshal
are to have a blue saddle cloth. The re
galia will consist of white silk sash, black
slouch hat with white plumes and white
gloves. Each^ald to a division marshal
will wear- a red. white or blue silk sash,
black slouch hat, with white plumes and
white gloves. The saddle cloth of the
aids is to be blue.
The Berkeley Fire Department has de
cided to participate in the parade.
John L. Herget has suggested the Idea
of a monster athletic, entertainment to be
givc-n for the benefit of the celebration
fund.
All those who feel that they desire to con
tribute, and have not yet been called on, will
note that we will be pleased to receive their
checks at the headquarters at the Palace Hotel.
The work of the committee has been very
much hampered by having to call three, four
and even five times on the same party. If the
merchants will make up their minds as to the
amount of money they will contribute and be
ready when the collectors call, it will greatly
facilitate matters.
We expect the celebration will brlrisr at least
100,000 people to the city and over $500,000 W lll
be left amonff the merchants and citizens of the
municipality.
On the other hand, this Is a State celebration,
commemorating the admission of our State Into
the Union. Thin must appeal not only to men
and women born in the State, but tho.«e who
have made it tlielr homes.
The Impression m-pms to be that this is a
purely Native Fons of the Golden West cele
bration. While this is In part true, the Native
Sons have undertaken this celebration In order
to ghow to the world: not only State pride and
patriotism, but that San Francisco is free from
plaeue.
The members of the finance committee, • be
lieving that every good citizen is . willing to
contribute his pro rata tn the celebration of
ih* fiftieth anniversary- or the admission of
California into the, Union, appeal to the mer
chants of the city of San Franciseo to make
their contributions as early as possible. .
The subscriptions to the Admission day
celebration have been liberal, but as the
work of soliciting is necessarily slow.
Chairman George A. Newhali of the
finance committee. In order to hasten the
collections, issued the following circular
to the public yesterday:
Grand Marshal and His Aid Will
Appear in Gorgeous Raiment
• in the Big Jubilee
Parade.
Finance Committee Urges
the Need of Quicker
Response. N
WINNING YACHT AEOLUS, THE CORINTHIAN PRIDE.
CHALLENGE CUP
IS WON EASILY
BY CORINTHIANS
FUND FOR THE
CELEBRATIOM IS
GROWING SLOWLY
Swift Sloop Mo\u& Defeats
the Gadder by Ample
Margin.
Losing Yacht Does Not Stand "Up to
the Stiff Breeze and Is Not
Handled to Best Ad
vantage.
The dual yacht race between the sloops
Aeolus and the Gadder was sailed yes
terday and victory perched upon the ban
ner of the swift Corinthian sloop. As a
result of the race the San Francisco per
petual challenge cup will change hands.
The present holders must now deliver It
to the Corinthians, whose representative,
the Aeolus, defeated the Gadder by a
margin of 25 min. 30 sec, corrected time.
The preparatory whistle was blown on
the steamer Sunol at 12:55 p. m,, and five
minutes later the starting gun was fired.
Neither yacht was eager to cross the rine,
the Gadder doing so at l:0S:51 and the
Aeolus at 1:09:06. The course was from
Powell street to a stakeboat anchored
five-eighths of a mile from Southampton
Shoal buoy, thence back across the start
ing line, thence to a stakeboat anchored
off the Fort Foint wharf, thence home
across the starting line. On the first leg
of the course, a broad reach, there was
little to chooso between the two boats,
but when" the windward work commenced
the Aeolus at once began to show her su
periority. She outpointed and outfooted
the Gadder. Both boats at starting were
reefpd. but shook out their reefs while on
the first leg. As soon as the Gadder be
jz:an to beat to windward she seemed ten
oer. and her helmsman repeatedly luffed
her. On the reach the Aeolus set her bal
loon jib, watersail and topsail, and on the
beat was kept well down to her work.
Long before the windward stakeboat was
reached the result of the race, barring
accidents, was beyond doubt.
The Aeolus was excellently handled by
Carl "Westerfeld. whose crew consisted of
R. H. Morrow. J. C. Brickell, F. E. Scho
ber and J. Short. The Gadder was sailed
by Charles Chapman, assisted by a crew
of employes of Matthew Turner's ship
yard at Benieia. The wind was stiff, but
fairly steady, and the sea was moderate,
though heavy enough to drench the crews
of both craft.
The leeward stakeboat was rounded by
the Gadder at '1:45:00 and by the Aeolus a't
1:46:55. The regatta committee was not
able to take the time of rounding the
windward stakeboat. but the Aeolus fin
ished at 4:17:5« and the Gadder at 4:48:18.
The elapsed time of the Aeolus- was 3
hours 8 min. 50 sec. and the Gadder 3
hours 39 min. 37 sec. As the Gadder was
entitled to a time allowance of 5 min. 7
sec, her corrected time was 3 hours 34
min. 30 sec.
The race was under the management of
the-regatta committees of the San Fran
cisco and Corinthian Yacht clubs. Com
modore W. N. McCarthy's schooner Ra
mona was the leeward stakeboat and A.
J. Young's sloop Clara the windward one.
It was the general opinion among the
yachtsmen who saw the race that the
Gadder would have done better' windward
work had she not shaken the reef out of
her mainsail, as her helmsman seemed
afraid to sail her for all there was in her.
BICYCLE RACES.
John A. Nelson Winner in the Fif-
teen Mile Event at Boston.
BOSTON, Aug. 4.— At Combination Park
to-day the fifteen-mile motor-paced pro
fessional race was won by John A. Nel
son of Chicago; A. M. McEachern of Phil
adelphia second. Time, 28:10 3-6.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Charles Miller of
Chicago defeated v Burns Pierce of Bos
ton in a twenty-flve-mlle motor-paced bi
cycle race on the Manhattan Beach track
by. a third of a lap.
In the professional one-mile champion
ship the honors . went to F. B. Freeman
of Portland. Or-, who won by a few inches
from Eaxl Kiser of Dayton, Ohio. Time,
3:24 4-5. ¦..;:. •,-' ¦ >.' ¦•¦ ' ;¦¦ ; ••¦" ¦¦¦-. : ¦ .-
The five-mile professional handicap was
won by Earl Kiser (scratch). Bob "Walth
our (50 yards) second, Al -Newhouse of
Buffalo (50 yards) third; Fred Titus of
New, York (250 yards) fourths. • Time,
11:23 2-5.* v
AXTE1INE BADLY TTATTPLED.
Mare of Whoin, Much Was Expected
* , . . Fails to Win: . \
' GRAND RAPIDS; Mich., Aug. 4.—Inter
est in the closing.days of theT light har
ness races to-day was * centered' in the
efforts of a scion of the famous old cam
paigner Axtell to win a 'first place. ' Ithe
performer was a ' bay mare named Ax
teline, who started In the 2:25 trot. She
trotted a race superior to her competitors,
but on account of poor handling could not
win. Summary: .- , .'? _ - .
2:25 trot, purse *300 — Whitcwood won the
third, fourth and fifth, heats- In 2:24U. 2:25%,
2:23Vg. Jennie Flashlight won the first heat in
z:?7U. Axtellne won second- heat in 2:U%. Don
wood also started. " „
2:80 pace, purse $300 — Poco Davis won three
straight heats In 2:19H. 2:20%, 2:17H. ,
CLEVELAND, Aug. 4.-At, the Gentle
men's Driving Club. Ananias, owned. and
driven by C. E. Emery, broke the ama
teur pacing record, to wagon by - groins a
mile la 2.071fe. .,..,'. .
- Totals 32 3 6 5 24 13 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland -I...';.'....... 0 0 0 2 C 0 1 0 •— 4
Base hits 0 1 1 2 1.0,2 1 •— 8
Sacramento"-.. .......... .0 '0 0 2 0 0 1 "0 0— 3
¦ Base hits 10 0 1 1 0 1 2 0-«
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 1, Doyle 3.
Three-base hits— Moskiman, Arrellanes, Bow
man. Sacrifice hits— Drennan, Franck8, Held.
First base on errors— Oakland 3, Sacramento 1.
First base on called balls— Sacramento 1, Oak
land 5. Left on bases — Oakland 10, Sacramento 3
Struck out— By Borchers 7. by l>oyle 3. - Hit by
pitcher— Borchers. Double playsr-Arrellanes to
Moskiman, Held to Moskiman to Francks,
Shanahan to Stanley to Hughes. "Time of same
— 2 hours. Umpire — Donohue. Official scorer-
Nathan. ¦•- J.'.'i.-- ¦¦'>': '¦'¦'¦ '¦ - \- ' ' .'-','-- -,.'¦• -
Tota^ --2S 4 8 5 27 11 1
SACRAMENTO..
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, If 4 1 3 2 2 10
Eaftan, s. •».... 4 1 1 12 3 2
Hughes, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Hanlon, lb 1.3 I 0 1 9 10
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 5 4 0
Doyle, p ...4 0 2. 1 0 2 0
Shanah&n, cf 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Stulz. 2b . :3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Dennle, rf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Bowman,' If.......... 3 0 1.02 0 0
Carter, c. ....... 2 0 1 07 0 0
Held. 3b 3 ,0 0 0 0 3 0
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 4, Whalen
1. Three-base hits — Pabst. MeGucken. Two
base hits — Moore, Brockhoff, Ktuk. i Sacrifice
hit— Sullivan, First base on called balls— San
Francisco 2, Stockton 6. Left on bases— San
Francisco 5. Stockton 9.' Struck out— By Fitz
patrick 4, by TVhalen 2. Passed ball — Sullivan.
Time of game — 2 hours. Umpire — O'Connell.
Official scorer — J. W. Stapleton.
Dudes Win at Last.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 4.— Oakland de
feated Sacramento by a score of 4 to 3
this afternoon, outplaying the leaders at
every point. "Chief" Borchers, for the
visitors, pitched a magnificent game, hav
ing absolute command of his delivery at
all times, while. Doyle was occasionally
wild, walking five men and presenting
the "Chief" with a promenade by hitting
him on the head with a pitched ball. The
main feature of the game was McLaugh
lin's work at the bat and in the field.
He lined out three hard drives and ac
cepted some of the hardest chances that
have been seen on a Sacramento diamond.
Score:
OAKLAND. . .
AB. R. BH. SB. PQ. A. B.
Drennan, cf 4 0 114 0 0
Franeks, s. s ..4 1 ' '-. 0 1 3 3'' l
Arrellanes, 2b •.... 3 2 2 . • 2 r. 1 ¦ 3 0
Hordle. rf 3 0 . 1 1 0 0 0
Moskiman, lb 4 12 0 10 1 0
Borchers, p ,.2 0 .0 0 0 1 0
SUMMARY".
41 5 J3 8 »27 8 1
•No outs when winning run was made.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R.'BH. SB. TO. A. Er
Brorkhoff, c. t..i.... 5 0 10 0 0 0;
Hilflebrand. r. f 5 1 10 3 n 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 110 3 5 0
Pabst. Jb 5 2 4 1 13 0 0
Sullivan, c 3 110 7 2 0
Levy. 1. f 4 1 0 0 10 0
Kruj?, es 4 0 10 2 2 0
Reilly* Sb 4 0 2 .0 1 4 0
Fitzpatrick, p.. 4 0 0 0 0 1 1
Totals 3S fi 11 1 30 14 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton ;...O 200003000—5
Base hits ....0 210 21213 1—13
San Francisco 2 00000003 1— G
Base hits 2 01100203 2—11
Krug's Double and Reilly's Single
, Help Tie the Score and
Pabst Raps Out the
. -Winner.
O T- —
San Francisco 6, Stockton 5.
Unusually fast baseball kept the small
crowd at Rycreation grounds yesterday
afternoon gasptng for breath during the
last section -of; the game. Until the last
of the ninth Inning it was a brown-stone
front against a mud hut that Stockton
would win out. Then the surprise came
that, meant another Inning and the thir
teenth victory for the local team out.cf
the last fifteen games played -by it.
Erratic Heine Krug was In a measure
responsible for the sudden change yester
day.; Pabst, Sullivan and Levy found
themselves on the sacks , when Heine
walked along with his stick. Far into
the left territory went his drive, and two
runs with Krug dancing on second made
the local fanatics exult. It was Reilly's
hit that tied the score. Victory finally
came in the. tenth, when San Francisco
punched Whalen hard and often. Until
the ninth Whalen's curves were puzzlers,
but then the fireworks " began to sizzle.
Pabst proved a show in himself, four hits
being his day s work with the stick. M'c-
Oucken -grave a similar performance.
Mtzpatrlck was easy to hit right through
the game, but received good support
. n A he , VPry fim 'rmlng Hank's children
set the boy at the score board to work,
lwo men were given choice plats in the
cemetery when Schwartz rolled out a sin-
Sle. Then "Brewer" Pabst took the stick
and swatted an easy fly to right field,
which Courtney failed to pocket and
Schwartz coursed the bags, Pabst reach
ing third. A steal was in line and he
scored. Sullivan retired the side.
Stockton bogan work in the second.
Streib was thrown four bad ones, stole
second and found his way to third on
Lockhead's hit to Fitzpatrick, who threw
too hard for Pabst to hold. By some
moth-eaten throwing Streib scored, and a
double by Moore soon after sont Lock
head over the rubber. Babbit fanned
thrice and Courtney followed suit. Wha
len's out sent Stockton to the field.
In the seventh Stockton broke the tie.
Whalen jogged to first, stole second and
took the. third station by the same pro
cess/ MeGucken. who had his eagle eye
working yesterday, came to the plate and
rolled out a three-bagger that Reilly could
not stop along the third-base line. Whalen
scoring on the play. Pace was given his
base on balls and soon after stole second.
A passed ball gave MeGucken a run.
Streib followed with a hit and Pace
crossed the rubber. This made the score
5 to 2.
The first of the ninth looked like a
slaughtering of locals, but something
strange happened, and although McCar
thy. MeGucken and Pace crowded the
bags on as many hits they were all dead
ones as far as runs were concerned. In
field hits of succeeding batters put Stock
ton into the field.
The last of the ninth was a bit of a
ferment. Pabst took the initial bag on a
hit- and was forced to second, when Sulli
van was given four bad ones. An error by
Lockhead put Levy on first and the bags
were crowded. Krug came to the bat for
a double, Pabst and Sullivan scoring.
Levy going to third. Then Reilly rapped
a single to right and Levy scored, but
Krug was caught, having slipped between
third and the plate. While this was going
on Reilly reached the middle station.
Fitzpatrl'ck went out. and this made two
dead. Brockhoff followed ana Frisco went
to the field for the tentrf.
Moore began this inning with a hit, but
Courtney fouled out. Whalen's out shct
Moore to second, but McCarthy flew to
Levy, and Frisco had its chance with the
stick. Hildebrand started by a bunt and
was safe. Schwartz, next up, had no
chance to hit the spheroid, four bad ones
being his portion, and then Pabst hit to
right and the game was over.
The score: .
STOCKTON.
AB, R. BH. SB. rO. A. E.
McCarthy. I. f 6 0 2 15 0 0
MeGucken, c. i 5-1-4 0 2 0 0
Pace c * 11 1 * 0 0
t-'treib. lb & r. f.... 4*1 2 3 2 1 0
Lockhoad, 2b 5 1112 0 1
Babbitt, ss o 0 1 0 2 o 0
Moore. 3b SO 2 0 2 1 0
Courtney, r.f. & lb... 5 0 0 0 8 0 0
Whalen, p 4 10 2 0 10
Exciting .Baseball Toward
U he -End of the Game
With Stockton.
LOCALS MAKE
WINNING FINISH
IN THE TENTH
Statement for the Season to
Date, Compiled by the
League Scorer,
¦ • • r"> '
Iburg Leads the Pitchers, Whila
Hutchinson' Heads the List of
Stick- Wielders— Held
the Star Fielder.
The batting and fleldlns averages of the
California league players from the open
ing of the season up to the first of the
month as compiled by the official scorer
are herein given:
AVERAGES OF
STATE LEAGUE
BALL PLAYERS
Croker's Horse Wins.
N LONDON. Aug. 4.— At the first day's
racing: of the Alexandria Park August
meeting to-day the August Auction plate
of 200 sovereigns was won by Richard
broker's Merrilla, ridden by J., Reiff.
Captain F. Foresters Quick Dispatch,
euidpd hy Rigby. came in -second. The
Juvenile felling plate of ino sovereigns,
rive furlongs, was won by Lord Beres
fords Yellow Bird. L. Re'iff having the
mount. Sir E. Vincent's Off Chance, J.
Reiff up, came in third.
DETROIT, Aug. 4.— Windsor results:
Mile and twenty yard?— Little Reggie won,
Acushla second, Cousin Lettie third. Time,
1:48. .. -
Five furloris^— Dollie M'asner won. Little
Henry second, Helen Graham' third. Time,
1 :(£>;.
Six furloncs, heats— First heat: Xed won,
Melody second. Prince Zeno third. Time, 1:14.
Second heat— Doubters wivel won. Drince Zeno
second. Melody th'rd. Time, 1:15. -
Third heat«-.Dousterswlvel won, Xed second.
Time, 1:16U.
Six furlongs— Expelled won, Northumberland
second. Bummer third. Time, 1:14.
Steeplechase, short course — Lord Farondale
won, Covlngton Ky. second, Zufalllg third.
Time. 2:55.
Mile — Clara W'ooley won, Knnomla second.
May Blla third. Time, 1:4<"4-
ST. LOUIS, AugTT— In the six-furlons
handicap George Arnold picked up 123
pounds, conceding from thirteen to forty
pounds to his field, and won In a hard
drive In the gxjod time of l:13Vi. Results:
Mil* and a quarter, sellinR— Kly Fire won.
Mandamus second. Property third. Time, 2:10.
Six furlong?— Quick Kanpe von. Wild Pirate
second. Scorixilette third. Tiine. 1:16.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Branch won,
7.azH sei-ond, Sprung third. Time, 1M6 1 ;.
Quarter mile, exhibition— Have SommerS' won,
Que^n Iifxon secoi«. Time. :24U-
Six furloriKs. St. Francis stake— Tom Collins
won. Hi Nocker second. The Barrister third.
Time, 1:14'^.
Six furlongs, handicap— George Arnold won,
Las.«<i second. Ill Kollar thini. Time. 1:13»4.
Milr- and a fixteenth, handicaii — Bohul won.
Pinochle second. Lady Callahan third. Time,
UiX%.
Mile and a quarter, purse— Lee King won. Joe
• Irady second. (Jilbert third. Time, 2:09';.
the Northern stake - this afternocfn at
Hawthorne, chiefly through the superior
riding of Jockey Winkfield. Milwaukee
might have won had Matthews used bet
ter judgment. «
Lucky Baldwin's Norford, heavily play
ed in the fifth race, ran away for a mile.
Alccdo then refused to break and practi
cally the best race of the day was spoiled.
They finally got away with Norford left
at the post. Alcedo won In one of the
most sensational finishes of the day an*
in the fast time of 1:38*4, beating The
Lady by a scant nose. Results:
Five and a half furlonps — Searcher won, Prln
cfw Tatyana second, Kohawreath third. Time,
l:0T'i.
Six furlongs— Bangle won. Tuthill Eecona,
Greerock third. Time, V.U'i.
5-teeplechas*. short course — Passe Partout
•won. Becky Rolfe second. A'ikinK <hird. Time,
2:15U.
. The Xorthern Ptakcp, mile and a quarter—
.Trilly Roper won. Milwaukee second, The Bobby
third. Time. 2;0T>4
¦ One mile — Alcedo won. The Lady second. Ma
laise third. Time. ]:SS^.
One mile— Lady Britannic won. Plantain sec
ond, Maryland Reserve third. Time, 1:41V4.
One mile— Macy won. Mitten second. Catas
trophe thfrd. Time, l:40^j.
- • . ¦ ¦- . . •• • - - .. ¦ - - . ¦ - ¦ - .. ¦¦¦ ¦- .¦
THE SAN FR A NCISCO C ALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST o, 1900.
INDIVIDUAL BATTIXO.
FIRST BASE.
CATCHERS.
TEAM FIKLDIXG.
32
PITCHERS.
~~ 3 >¦ S S a >
23 r* £ 5" "*!
3 - 1 S I 3
NAME AND CLUB. \ : • p - ?
* ; • ; o •
Rank. • : • . t . • , :
1 Hutchinsan. Oakland... 4s|l6-$ 32 34 10 .329
2 Pace. Stockton 44ll72 24} 5? IS .32..
3 Kagan, Sacramento 45{l«i 39i o? la .311
4 Schwartz, San Fran.... 451171 32 5+ » ¦%>'
5 Hlldebrand. San Fran.. 47 175 35 53 20.303
6 SBrockhoff. San Fran.. 45 177 33 53 9.299
I Pabst, ?an Francisco. 35 127 17 38 9 .293
8 Devereaux, Sacramento. 42 141 2* 40 30 .28:.
9 Hanlon. Sacramento 45 16S 30 4T 21 .-^3
10 Krug, San Francisco.... 42 16»> 2* 46 6.2.7
11 Franeks. Oakland 4« IV. 23 4S 14 .2fi2
12 Borchers. Oakland 11 3T. 2 !> ll.BI
fHardy. Oakland 2S 84 7 22 6|.2r.O
13 \ Man^erina. Oakland.. IS 64 ?| 1« 4|.2^J
I Sullivan, San Fran.... 2S H>4 1« 2« »t-O0
IS Stanley. Sacr?.mento.... 40 133 19 3^ 61.243
17 Hughes, Sacramento 41173 II 43 9.218
IS Doyle. Sacramento 44 16f) 9 39 2;. 243
19 Arrelanes. Oakland 19 74 4 V. 5 .223
2<) Courtney, Stockton 41 135 11 31 7 .228
21 McLaushlln, Sacto tt 183 45 42 28 .227
22 Shanahan. Sacto 37 122 14 27 7.221
23 Lockhead, Stockton 321118 16 26 13 .»>
24 5 Babbitt, Stockton 44 163 2i 36 24.217
24 ?Langf, Oakland 46 1S4 14 4'> 16.217
26 McCarthy. Stockton 39 1SI 20 34 15 .215
27 Mosklman. Oakland..... 43 164 17 36 12 .21J
28 Held, Oakland .....<.... 10 3R 3 8 21.210
29 Drennan. Oakland 41 VU 21 33 16|.2M
30 Strrib, Stockton 30 115 1<v 24 17I.2OR
31 Levy San Francisco 41 140 SO 2S 11|.2'»
32 Stiiiz". Sacram?nto 4S 162 17 31 101.191
33 Moore, Stockton 44 160 19 2S 141. ISO
34 Reilly. San Francisco.. 45 166 IS 29 51.174
35 5 Morrow, Stockton 41J15") 11 25 IO1.I6T
? Harper. Stockton 19 KO 5 in 5|.1S7
37 Kltzpatrlck, San Fran.. 24i •« 8 11 0i J*J
3S IburR. San Francisco... 2Si 87 9\ 13 31.143
39 AVhelan. Stockton 2Sj 8? 9| 12 6|.135
a - > K >
a r -n -i <
3 - 2- 3 *
* o » * 5
name. : £ : ": ?
Z a * * -
: : • : :
,1 : I : » : " : ' :
1 Rtrelb 30 326 4 « .9S2
2 Pahat 35 340 12 S .977
3 Hanion 1 ::::::::::::::::::::... *i\** • « •»!?
4 Hutchlnaon *3j45O «! 20 -9o3
NAME.
33
3
i s
i I
: I
: :
Rank
I
i — i
¦'— i— i
1 Arrelanes »1 « f! \ •»«
3 Courtney K S. 21 4 .9^
5 B^bltt ::.— i* M 9- M -9»
6 StUlZ . ' 43 102 146 211.903
7 Schwartz 2 5 54 B M I- 8M
8 Lockhead 5 5 14 41.8.6
NAME.
a "3 > a >
5.1|l I
• o s ? S
1 C ; -B
• " : : ;
ink.
Rank
, Retiiy 20 32! 67 11 .90-1
2 Devereaux *> 5S"S2 21 .Sfi9
5 Mnnrc " •" * W '¦ •***
4 5 :: ."" « a* » « - s « 2
5 Brockhoff IS 25 32 80>.7W
a "3 > h >
B C ¦» t <
a *? * 2 •»
i o I i I
name. : 5 : ; ?
• 31 " • •
Raak - _,! 1 1 L,_L
1 Reilly 5 13 13 S| .923
2 Eagan- « S4 142 31J.8T9
3 Francks K «2 74 19,.*77
4 Lockhead 25 .V5 SS 19!. ST.",
5 Babbitt 17 2» 4* ttl.SU
6 KrUB I 17 41 58 2l|.829
Rank,
I
NAME.
3 - =-"3 3 2
3 O I 3 £ 3
: c • '. ¦$
i f | i I i
i - " * *" ;
1 Maniferina i.! IS 77 33 2 5 .!»40
2 5 Sullivan 2S 134 5S 1<) 4.932
JPace j 44 218 5T 10 11.932
4 Stanley 40 124 40 9 7.911
5 Schwartz 19 69 22 11 5 .849
Rank.
NAME.
S 5 £ 3 * >
I ¦ s II I !i
f | ? r a f
1**1 * I • I ' ¦
1 Iburgr 28 8] 82 2 1.953
2 "Whalen 23 4 So 2 3 922
3 Harper ...-. 19 3 48 3 2 .910
4 Moskiman 9 9 21 0 3 905
5 Hughes IS 8 43 1 4 isOt
6 Doyle 22 10 53 5 3 .850
7 Fitzpatrick 20 8 57 4 5 .873
8 Borchers 8 4 12 5 1 ,727
NAME.
9 3 > a >
5*131
Rank.
1 Held 10 2T 1 0 lflflrt
2 Hughes 24 5i 3 Vxi
3 Courtney 24 u 7 J '*£
4 Drennan 41111 s ft vJ\
5 ? Doyle 21 30 3 2 «41
7 Hlldcbrand 4; « « I •J.,
S Morrow <q 5 j J j J jg
9 Shanahan 34 60 -2 t'tii
10 McCarthy £ S g J ? -jg
" JfJ^, • — • 41 S4 5 9 .908
U McLaughlln 44 M 5 I2 j. 87 «
Id Krug 21 S6 3 -1 g4S
Rank. • i ' : \
1 Stockton 44 1143 5«9 US .941
2 Oakland ; 46 1253 814 144 .923
3 Sacramento 45 1135 5S9 154 .920
4 San Francisco 47 1221|6» 1871.917
Rank. \ • : : : :
1 Oakland .: 46 1491J193 376 105 .231
2 San- Francisco 47 15*5 2^379 87 .233
Z Sacramento 45 1524I24S 3S1 132 .Z3S
4 StocKtoa 44 1102 IC 307 1» .Z&
a - > K >
a r -n -i <
3 - 2- 3 *
* o » * 5
name. : £ : ": ?
Z a * * -
: : • : :
,1 : I : » : " : ' :
1 Rtrelb 30 326 4 « .9S2
2 Pahat 35 340 12 S .977
3 Hanion 1 ::::::::::::::::::::... *i\** • « •»!?
4 Hutchlnaon *3j45O «! 20 -9o3
NAME.
33
3
i s
i I
: I
: :
Rank
I
i — i
¦'— i— i
1 Arrelanes »1 « f! \ •»«
3 Courtney K S. 21 4 .9^
5 B^bltt ::.— i* M 9- M -9»
6 StUlZ . ' 43 102 146 211.903
7 Schwartz 2 5 54 B M I- 8M
8 Lockhead 5 5 14 41.8.6
a "3 > h >
B C ¦» t <
a *? * 2 •»
i o I i I
name. : 5 : ; ?
• 31 " • •
Raak - _,! 1 1 L,_L
1 Reilly 5 13 13 S| .923
2 Eagan- « S4 142 31J.8T9
3 Francks K «2 74 19,.*77
4 Lockhead 25 .V5 SS 19!. ST.",
5 Babbitt 17 2» 4* ttl.SU
6 KrUB I 17 41 58 2l|.829
Rank,
I
NAME.
3 - =-"3 3 2
3 O I 3 £ 3
: c • '. ¦$
i f | i I i
i - " * *" ;
1 Maniferina i.! IS 77 33 2 5 .!»40
2 5 Sullivan 2S 134 5S 1<) 4.932
JPace j 44 218 5T 10 11.932
4 Stanley 40 124 40 9 7.911
5 Schwartz 19 69 22 11 5 .849
Rank.
NAME.
S 5 £ 3 * >
I ¦ s II I !i
f | ? r a f
1**1 * I • I ' ¦
1 Iburgr 28 8] 82 2 1.953
2 "Whalen 23 4 So 2 3 922
3 Harper ...-. 19 3 48 3 2 .910
4 Moskiman 9 9 21 0 3 905
5 Hughes IS 8 43 1 4 isOt
6 Doyle 22 10 53 5 3 .850
7 Fitzpatrick 20 8 57 4 5 .873
8 Borchers 8 4 12 5 1 ,727
NAME.
9 3 > a >
5*131
Rank.
1 Held 10 2T 1 0 lflflrt
2 Hughes 24 5i 3 Vxi
3 Courtney 24 u 7 J '*£
4 Drennan 41111 s ft vJ\
5 ? Doyle 21 30 3 2 «41
7 Hlldcbrand 4; « « I •J.,
S Morrow <q 5 j J j J jg
9 Shanahan 34 60 -2 t'tii
10 McCarthy £ S g J ? -jg
" JfJ^, • — • 41 S4 5 9 .908
U McLaughlln 44 M 5 I2 j. 87 «
Id Krug 21 S6 3 -1 g4S
Rank. • i ' : \
1 Stockton 44 1143 5«9 US .941
2 Oakland ; 46 1253 814 144 .923
3 Sacramento 45 1135 5S9 154 .920
4 San Francisco 47 1221|6» 1871.917
NAME.
a "3 > a >
5.1|l I
• o s ? S
1 C ; -B
• " : : ;
ink.
Rank
, Retiiy 20 32! 67 11 .90-1
2 Devereaux *> 5S"S2 21 .Sfi9
5 Mnnrc " •" * W '¦ •***
4 5 :: ."" « a* » « - s « 2
5 Brockhoff IS 25 32 80>.7W
~~ 3 >¦ S S a >
23 r* £ 5" "*!
3 - 1 S I 3
NAME AND CLUB. \ : • p - ?
* ; • ; o •
Rank. • : • . t . • , :
1 Hutchinsan. Oakland... 4s|l6-$ 32 34 10 .329
2 Pace. Stockton 44ll72 24} 5? IS .32..
3 Kagan, Sacramento 45{l«i 39i o? la .311
4 Schwartz, San Fran.... 451171 32 5+ » ¦%>'
5 Hlldebrand. San Fran.. 47 175 35 53 20.303
6 SBrockhoff. San Fran.. 45 177 33 53 9.299
I Pabst, ?an Francisco. 35 127 17 38 9 .293
8 Devereaux, Sacramento. 42 141 2* 40 30 .28:.
9 Hanlon. Sacramento 45 16S 30 4T 21 .-^3
10 Krug, San Francisco.... 42 16»> 2* 46 6.2.7
11 Franeks. Oakland 4« IV. 23 4S 14 .2fi2
12 Borchers. Oakland 11 3T. 2 !> ll.BI
fHardy. Oakland 2S 84 7 22 6|.2r.O
13 \ Man^erina. Oakland.. IS 64 ?| 1« 4|.2^J
I Sullivan, San Fran.... 2S H>4 1« 2« »t-O0
IS Stanley. Sacr?.mento.... 40 133 19 3^ 61.243
17 Hughes, Sacramento 41173 II 43 9.218
IS Doyle. Sacramento 44 16f) 9 39 2;. 243
19 Arrelanes. Oakland 19 74 4 V. 5 .223
2<) Courtney, Stockton 41 135 11 31 7 .228
21 McLaushlln, Sacto tt 183 45 42 28 .227
22 Shanahan. Sacto 37 122 14 27 7.221
23 Lockhead, Stockton 321118 16 26 13 .»>
24 5 Babbitt, Stockton 44 163 2i 36 24.217
24 ?Langf, Oakland 46 1S4 14 4'> 16.217
26 McCarthy. Stockton 39 1SI 20 34 15 .215
27 Mosklman. Oakland..... 43 164 17 36 12 .21J
28 Held, Oakland .....<.... 10 3R 3 8 21.210
29 Drennan. Oakland 41 VU 21 33 16|.2M
30 Strrib, Stockton 30 115 1<v 24 17I.2OR
31 Levy San Francisco 41 140 SO 2S 11|.2'»
32 Stiiiz". Sacram?nto 4S 162 17 31 101.191
33 Moore, Stockton 44 160 19 2S 141. ISO
34 Reilly. San Francisco.. 45 166 IS 29 51.174
35 5 Morrow, Stockton 41J15") 11 25 IO1.I6T
? Harper. Stockton 19 KO 5 in 5|.1S7
37 Kltzpatrlck, San Fran.. 24i •« 8 11 0i J*J
3S IburR. San Francisco... 2Si 87 9\ 13 31.143
39 AVhelan. Stockton 2Sj 8? 9| 12 6|.135
Rank. \ • : : : :
1 Oakland .: 46 1491J193 376 105 .231
2 San- Francisco 47 15*5 2^379 87 .233
Z Sacramento 45 1524I24S 3S1 132 .Z3S
4 StocKtoa 44 1102 IC 307 1» .Z&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ~r — ! ' *
£ *\ STR/CTL r RELIABLE.
%^^ Dr. Talcott
Practice Confined
\ I / the Malc -
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAL
debility and convalescence following- certajn
diseases, such la the lowered standard of the
vital nrocesses that the function of no organ la
perfectly performed, and wits the resulting de-
pression the patient has a REAL weakness.
Th* physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions, is nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness-
Symptoms !
By far the rreater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for so-called "Weakness" is
furnished by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we find a Prostate Gland which has
been damaged by either a contracted disorder
or early dissipation. These patients have no
weakness at all. Prematureness, Loaa of Vital-
ity, etc.. are the symptoms, or disordered func-
tion, of the chronically Inflamed prostate stand
W» find by curins this Inflammation that full
vltror at once returns. It should be understood,
that tonics, electricity, etc.. might cure a real
weakness, but would do harm In Inflammation
The main object Is to reduce the size of th«
tender, nwollen and inflamed prostate. This we
accomplish by local treatment, thus avoldln?
drugs. Men who have unsuccessfully treatM
for a weakness should now understand the
cause of failure. We send free on application «
colored chart of the organs which will h« founii
useful in home diagnosis and interesting to all
wishing to study the anatomy of the male
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
||yP^^ _, 4J 1 Kearny street. 3. F., f. -
V*^ Good Tackle tn^ s P°rtlA?
ths Pacific Coast of every descrlption* l^ e l B?4i
cents in postage stampa for the latest SO^Saia
Illustrated catalogue, no. 1 ? *>-pa«9
rx-yyfgTgf 1 THClJSANDS TELL THE smi story.!
am £1 t * $ HJP&H A banker in .New York City writes: "When on the verge of
?*** //* fftrr~^^* '-'^- Alf? I committing tuicioe, becacse of my weakness. I commenced the
1 use of Wonder-Workers and now, thank God, I am entirely well."
s$®? «dlP A PRESENT y
gl«|| FOR WEAK MEN
,^ • V^r'3^t-?*^>ri I will put on _ EXTRA WEEK'S SUPPLY in each box
I 'j* / /vT* 5 iir»O^f-^ c * ron d e -*^' cr k ers S °I^ daring this month to men who mention
Irt^^l^ x \iy^vV \ S a^ vert » se:ncDt and & IS Piper when they crdc? the medicine.
JS*v XVA^L iHi There Is not « case of NERVE WEAKNESS, SEXUAL
MfflS* \r- \ a Il3 DEBil ITYt VARIC0CELE » LOST MANHOOD,
l§fe$ x V. C All NIlR *STHE\U, OR AST DERAVGEMENT OF THE NERVOIS
-^V\ tl V SYSTEM ON EARTH TODAY (no matters hat the cause
L J% x l^/f^" orvvheth crthe man be old or young) that "BECK'S
EgV$ / / y |f Q WONDER-WORKERS FOR MEN" will fail to CIRE EASILY
WM J \ l/\ fM AND (?UCKER AT LESS EXPENSE than any other prep-
Y&^n | ¥i \ W' aration made enywfiere in the world, if simpty used
f&M, I & \ V Ott TABLET AT A DOSE THREE TIMES A DAY.
&?P^3 ' /f^\ \\ Bock's- Wonder-Workers for Men are called •'The Worn-Ont
WSSSKf I ' I lSTj \ \ j tlaa's Best Friend"' by more than roo.ooo'. men who have been
t^W/ 5 !*^ / re * tcre^ t0 Per;e . ct Vigor end Full Manhood by their use. No-
pisf/ ysSjKwV ./ rasn'vbo evfruied them failed to get well, no matter what his
Wsfr I - \^SX$3E!3<*& * fSk a '^ or w^ lat caused'his weakness. Cure ycorself at home.
/ ( Iww^fil ' fcl Be>vare oJ frauds wh « imitate my Wonder-Workers
{ / / " . . **y /^ * .* and steal my advertisements.
WcMHfer- Workers db not contain any Phosphorus or S banish Fly* or ut other of the min-
erals, excitants or poiscas that make the vile nostrnms sold by the fraud* and quacks 80 danger-
ous to haeaii life, and it is Perfectly Safe to use them under aayxircTimstaficcs.- r-»...
-. I have moire than 50,000 testimonials from Men who have. been. Cured..
Read My Affidavit of Protection. ' HJhe Price of My "Wonder-Workers."
me when f firty-j ua r j ttx« old «£*ct«d a care of Dollar per box, always cash « itb the order, by
ertreme Kerrou» KzLsuEtion. Pain in tbe Back, „..,„„. VMr r • - ¦. lt fl ___» __^ -.»
•ad ta Enfeebitd CornilUon of the General t*y«^ e«pre«« at your expense. It will cost yoa 23
t«m; that the n»ra«-» of all who porcha»e them cent* to lift it from your express office. If you
wUlDe)icld*a<Ted 1 «ndtl»erel»no»icfcemeof any .....i •¦ ,* ¦ ... V, . .. ..
kind connected with their eale. GEO. 8. BECK. Mnd * uu • *"• »*nd them by mail prepaid,
6won\to In Springfield, Ohio. - thus Mvfng you tea cents. All Goods Seat in
GEO. A. BEARD, N otary Public. Plain Package tbe same day order is received.
I eai the only man in the roediciee' business who has solemnly sworn that the medic ine he
tells cured himselt and that the nanuw of all who buy will be held sacred. I am the sole owner
and proprietor of M Beck'» VConder-Workers for Men," and I never have had, do not now. nor
never will h*ve any affiliations ia any way with the "C O. D." blackmailers. "Doctor by Mail"
impotters, "-Free Trial" humbugs. "Magnetic" fakirs, or "Divine Healer" scamps, every one of
whom ar« onworthy cf the patronage of any man. If yon have any donbt about me write to >lr
A. R. Cobaugh, Cashier cf the First National Bank of this city (the bank of which Ex-Governor
ftushaeil, of Ohio, is President), or to my of your friends who may bo living here. " Sincerely
GEO. S. BECK, 420 South Market Street, SPRINGFIELD, OHIO.OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— Because
parental objections were an
obstacle to a wedding. Miss
Mattie C. Ricketts packed her
trunk and fled to Portland,
Or., to marry David Wilkie. The
news of the wedding at the north
ern metropolis has filtered to 1 her
home. The young woman who de
fied her parents is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Ricketts,
who reside at 961 Fourth avenue.
East Oakland. The man of her
choice was for twelve years super
intendent of the electrical depart
ment of the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company. The wedding oc
curred June 27 at the residence in
Portland of Rev. John J. Damon,
who officiated. The couple will re
main in Portland, where Wilkie Is
In business.
FLED FROM HOME
TO WED HER CHOICE
Say "Good Morning:" in the Evening.
"Washington Letter: Two of the oddest
points about Washington social life is
that the newcomer does the calling, and
that people say good morning to each
other any hour from midday until dark
It is rather surprising to walk into a
gayly Illuminated Washington drawing
room at 6 o'clock and have the hostess
grasp your hand cordially and bid you a
warm sood morning, as If you had come
to an early breakfast.
The Emperor said: "I could wish no bet
ter for the men of my nation than that
the girls cf Germany should follow the
example of their Empress and devote
their lives, she does, to the cultivation
of the three great K's— kirche. kinder and
kuche. And it may be readily under-
Etood that a woman whose life is bound
by church, children and kitchen will train
her daughter in domestic virtues.
The little Princess knows nothing of
pomp, luxury or self-indulgence. She gets
up at 6 o'clock in the morning and until
1 o'clock, the hour when the imperial
family dines. Is busy with her tutors Her
mind and body are carefully watched over
by her mother. There is rowing on 11. e
lake with her brothers, riding on her pet
pony, picnicking in the woods of the
nark, and longbotanizingexpeilltions with
her mother as companion through the
beautiful grounds that surround the pal
ace at Potsdam. — Harper's Bazar.
The Princess Victoria, the only daughter
of the Emperor and Empress of Germany,
is being brought up in a homely Dutch
fashion.
Biinging TJp a Princess.
¦In one of these plain white garments, with, trousers to
match and a suitable cap or hat, the average man' cannot; but'
feel at once cool, and well dressed. There can be no charge of
lack of propriety, for the cut and finish make the new garment
at once a shirt and a summer coat. It Is no more undress than
the soft shirt, for the material is heavier than that of the
average summer, shirt and its' sleeves with their narrow 'cuff
bands are not so different from the sleeves of the light summer
coats so much worn. The band at the belt and the plaitlngs
give it a coat finish and all that is really negligee Is the tie or
collar on the outside, j . :•.«¦;. . .; ' .. . -
The "shirt waist- man" Is one of the leading topics dis-
In material It is of .all. sorts, to suit the wearer's fancy or.
convenience, but heavy percale, madras or French pique are the
most popular. Some of the bosoms are plain, but more are
plaited in folds from an inch to an inch and a half wide. These
plaits are also seen on the back a« well as the bosom, although
some of the backs are plain. The plain white material is often
cst shown, the figured stuffs looking somewhat outre and being
a little too startling to suit timid man. , .
The shirt waist for men is not like that worn by women, a
thing of filmy and almost transparent texture. Nor has it the
commodious sleevea of the latter. It Is a blouse to 'be worn
over the. undershirt and suspenders or belt. ¦ It has the low
collar of the usual soft shirt, or it may be had with neckband
only, permitting the wearer to use a detachable collar of any
sort which suits his fancy. *
The adoption by men of the shirt waist in New York has
stirred up all kinds of complication in that city, and the fact
that the man with the shirt waist is on his way West opens
up a vista of queer probabilities. As a matter of fact, this new
wrinkle in men's apparel is simply an emancipation proclama
tion on the part of men who suffer during the torrid season
from a superfluity of clothing. Consequently he feels like
taking off his coat, and in doing so, and in so declaring his
rights to do so, he has become the "ehirt waist man."
THE SHIRT-WAIST MAN.
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.-Nelson S. Moore
an uncle of A. A. Moore, died to-day at
Fabiola Hospital after a brief illness. De
ceased resided at 2143 Linden street He
was a retired miner.
Death, of an Old Miner.
BERKELEY. Ausr. 4.— Miss Daisy Wool
ley of the Bailey block, Dwight way. was
severely burned on the hands by carbolic
acid this morning. Miss Wo&lley was
carrying a bottle of the add when she
accidentally broke it. The fluid covered
her hands, badly burning them. Medical
assistance was required.
Burned by Carbolic Acid.
"Another chap I know doesn't pay the
slightest attention to his personal appear
ance and is usually rather frayed-looKlng.
That's because he spends his money on
expensive cigarettes. He smokes only the
highest-priced imported Egyptian brand,
and they cost him 4 cents apiece. He Js
a fiend and smokes probably forty a day.
You couldn't hire him to smoke a do
mestic cigarette, which costs half a cent.
Yet if he did he could afford to dress him
self as he should. I could cite numerous
instances of this tendency to extrava
gance, which have come under my per
conal observation. I can only explain It
as a lack of mental balance,"—Philadel
phia Record.
"It's a curious tiling how- some people !
will sacrifice themselves to their whims,"
haid a man who prides himself upon his
f-tudy of human nature. "I don't mean
wealthy people, for they can usually af
ford to do as they like. I am speaking
now of people in moderate, or less than
moderate, circumstances. 1 have in mind
a young man whose tastes run to expen
sive neckw»*ar. He wouldn't think of
wearing a tie that costs less than $2, and
he has stacks of them. Now, he can't
afford this luxury, so he has to stint him
self, by wearing $3 shoes and $15 ready
made suits. He doesn't realize the incon
gruity of his attire, and Is perfectly happy
if his tie is all right.
Queer Effects of Whims.
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.-Rev. M. H. Bab
cock of Burlington, Vt., will occupy the
pulpit of 'the First Free Baptist Church
of this city for one month. Mr. Babcock
is a graduate of the Free Baptist Divinity
School at Lewlston, Me. He has created
& favorable impression here and it is. said
he may remain permanently as pastor of
the church.
New Pastor at Baptist Church.
A new chapter of the Order of the East
ern Star was Instituted in Golden Gate
Hall last night in the presence of more
than 250 members oj the order by Grand
Patron George L. Darling and Grand
Matron Mrs. Fannie T. McComas. The
chapter starts with a list of 152 members.
The officers for the current term are:
Lizzie. Tonningsen. worthy matron; John
Tonningsen. worthy patron: Bertha Wag
ner Stark, associate matron; Isadora Hor
ton, secretary; Minnie Stebblns, treasurer;
Mary Wittman, conductress; Cecelia War
ren, associate conductress; Marion L
Reid. Adah; Jennie McLaughlin. Ruth-
Sarah Irvine, Martha; Mignon Lillle
Electa; J. A. Haste, chaplain; Emma F
Lelbold. marshal, and Edith Boves. The
new chapter has been named Terba
Buena. ¦
New Chapter Eastern Star.
Among tile exhibits at the Paris Expn-
Citlon is a pet of teacups, the cheapest of
•whlrh is valued at $*w.
A year ago a similar action was com
menced. All the testimony was taken, nit
Anderson repented and had the case dis
missed just before the decree was signed
which would have released him from his
marital vows. This time the aggrieved
husband declares there will be no recon
ciliation. In his complaint Anderson
charges that his spouse has neglected her
home to enjoy life across the bay. Last
Thursday, he says, she left him. announc
ing that never would she return.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4.— Twice within a
year has John Anderson sued his wife for
a divorce. To-day he filed his second suit
against Mary Alice Dorothy Anderson,
charging her with conduct which has
caused him much mental tribulation.
HE HAS TWICE SUED FOR
DIVORCE WITHIN A YEAR
OAKLAND, Aug. 4— Millie Burnell. a
mattress-maker, resifiir.g at £12 Haxrison
ctreet, was brought to *ihe Receiving Hos
pital at noon to-day. She had attempted
euidde by swallowing- a mixture of tinc
ture of iron and jrlycerine given her for
«xte>rnal application and wa6 in a. hys
terical condition.
The woman's husband died a vear and
c. half ago and since then she has been
eick arid despondent. The lotion which
Fhe took could cot have poisoned her and
Dr. Milton had r.o difficulty in restoring
her sufficiently to be Mot home.
DESPONDENT WOMAN
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
Frank Ma*key (owner), by A. Maskey, with
K. Fmith, doing business nnder the nam*» of
George J. Smith & Sons, (contractor), archi
tects Havens & Toepk*— Painting, graining,
polishing, varnlahlng, tinting, paperhanging.
etc. for a 2-story tenement and attic frame
buildlnr on lot on S Une^ of Bush street. 95 E
of Leavenworth, E Z5 by S 137:6; $1035.
L«oul6 £loss Jr. (owner) with Vulcan Iron
Works <corj >r >i"a.tion) (contractor), architect
Albert Pissis — Iron stairs and elevator enclos
ure for building on let on S corner of Mission
and Fremont streets. SE 137:6 by SW 137:6:
JG&77.
Christina Attlnger (owner) with R. H. "Walker
manltrls>. fire grates, ghades and fencing for a
Z-storjr frame building (fiats) on lot on \V line
cf Eureka street. Hi N* of Eighteenth, N 25
by W 125. H. A. 2C8; J27OO.
M!s-s Flien Dore (owner) with Relnhold Stone
(contractor), architects Reid Bros. — Carpenter
work for a 2-ctory frame building (fiats) on lot
on E line of Noe Ftr«*t. 91:6 N of Seventeenth,
N 75 by E 1C0, M. B. 104; $4262.
D. S. Dorn (owner) with Petterson & PersBon
(contractors), architect B. J. S. Cahlll— All
alterations and additions, except plumbing, gas
flttinfe- and rewerins, for a 2-story frame resi
dence on lot on N\V "corner of Fell street arid
Central avenue, W 31:3 by X 100; $3571.
Same owner with \V. S. Snook & Son (con
tractors), architect ' same— Gasfltting. plumbing
and sewering for same on same; 14S2.
Same ovrners with Henry Ernst (contractor),
architect same— Trenching, se-wertng. plumbing,
vessels, marble for vessels, gas-fltting for sam-i
on Fame; $1900.
Sara* owners with G. Orsi (contractor), ar
chitect tame— Painting. graining. lincrusta
walton, varnishing, etc.. for tame on same:
J1440.
J. Dupas and K. Gassmann (owner?) with F.
Wasn»r «-omractr>r>. architect J. CJodart—Ex
cavating, trenrhir-jf, grading-, brick and con
crete work, cementing, chimneys, basement
6tairs, etc.. for a 3-.«tory and basement frame
building <6 flats) on lot on N line of Jackson
suwt. 23 W of Larkin. W 75 by X 10I:S»i: Jl!»€4.
Same owners with C. S?chutt (contractor),
architect same— Car]*>nter. mill, stair, tin, gal
vanized anJ wrought iron work, plastering,
tiling, plazing-. hardware, marble entrance
rtairs for same on &ame; 114.760.
Builders' Contracts.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4.— A large delegation
from the local lodge of Foresters of
America attended the Dewey Theater last
evening in u body. Manager Stevens" was
called before the curtain and presented
•with a large floral pteee. An honorary
membership and a key to the lodge rooms
•was prefent^d with the floral tribute.
Next week the Steven.* stock company
Trill present "Uncle Tom's Cabin" with a
large cast of players and new scenery
throughout. Special features will be in
troduced, among them being- quartet mu
sic, songs and dances and a trick don
key.
LANDER STEVENS IS
HONORED BY FORESTERS
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— The body of a
middle-aged man was found to-day at the
rear of a saloon in Sunol. It is supposed
to ho a case of suicide. Deceased had
bec-n in town several flays and claimed to
be an upholsterer. He had been drinking
heavily. A partly emptied vial of lauda
r.um was found in his pockets. The body
was roughly rlad.
Unidentified Suicide.
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— St. Mary's College
has reopened with an enrollment of 100
students. There are representatives from
the Pacific Coast States and Territories
and Honolulu. Fifty more pupils are ex
pected. During vacation four handball
courts have been added to the college uth
letio equipment. Many other improve
ments have been made, insuring in-* best
of accommodations for the large body of
students.
REOPENING OF ST.
MARY'S COLLEGE
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— Mrs. Oil- ¦
ver Legault, residing at 691 ¦
Twenty-sixth street, can take •
care of herself in a family ¦
row, as her arrest of an ob
streperous husband this morning
proved. Oliver is a millhand. He
so far forgot himself as to criticize
Mrs. Legault severely for some
fancied neglect of his expressed de
sires concerning domestic affairs.
The wife stood her ground, and, it
is said, precipitated a battle by
striking her spouse with a cane.
Legault retaliated, so the neighbors
declared, by slapping Mrs. Legault
in the face. The blow was the last
one and the only one he struck. Out
into the street Legault was prompt
ly hustled by his indignant wife,
who held him under arrest until a.
policeman happened along. Legault
deposited $30 cash ball for his ap
pearance in court, remarking that
he would sue his wife for a di
vorce.
WIFE ARRESTS
FIGHTING SPOUSE
BERKELEY. Aug. 4.— Fred Cuttle has
been appointed general secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association of the
University of California by the Board of
Directors of that organization. Mr. Cut
tle will fill the place made vacant by the
resignation of Iteno Hutchinson. who has
be^n elected jrraduato manager of uni
versity athletics. The new secretary is a
member of the class of 1902.
New General Secretary.
the largest and most fashionable first
night audiences of the season. The story
is well known, and the theater-goers find
much to interest them in the tale which
tells of Kric Temple and his stolen opera;
of the villainy of the aristocratic Sir
Pomphrey; the love of Miss Neville for
Temple, and the triumph of the young
composer's opera-
The scene of "Heartsease" is laid in
the last century, and the costuming of
the piece is not the least attractive of its
many features. The cast for the pro
duction during the coming week will prove
one of the most powerful of the Miller
season, as it will Include all the leading
women and nearly all the men. There will
be Wednesday and Saturday matinees.
THE second costume play of the
Henry Miller season al the Colum
bia Theater will be brought out to
morrow night, when the romantic
comedy "Heartsease" will be revived on
an elaborate scale. It will be remembered
that this is the charming and interesting
romance in which Miller made his first
bow as a star at the Baldwin Theater,
and which was staged again last year
when he first came to the Columbia with
his special company.
The play is no doubt the most popular
of the entire Miller repertoire, and from
all accounts it will be received by one of
TENNIS PLAYED BY THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB MEN
Interesting Matches for Glory, Din
ner and Advancement in the Con-
tinuous Tournament.
Several excellent tennis matches were
played on the courts of the California
Club yesterday. Among them was the
Smith-Crowell. Fuller-Delano and More
land-Stauf contests. Several of the old
time players made their appearance, no
tably Arthur Goodall and George Green
wood of Oakland, also S. C. Pardee of San
Rafael.
Grant Smith defeated H. TV". Crowell
in three straight sets. 10-8, 6-0. 7-3. Dr.
F. J. Lane defeated R. Erskine. 6-2. 6-2.
6-4. 6-4.
Miss Hunter beat Miss Pearl Mecart
r.cy, 6-4. MHs Bowman after a close
match won from Miss Laura Denson. 4-6,
6-4 6-3. Professor Daily beat Miss Hun
ter and Miss Mecartney. 8-«. 7-5.
Arthur Goodall defeated George Green
wood. 6-4, 6-4. H. II. Haight gave S. C.
Pardee odds of 15 and won. 6-1, 6-1. This
match was for a dinner for six and the
necessary bubble water. Al Rosenberg
beat W alter McGavin. 7-5. An interest
ing double was played between Grant
Smith and George Whitney ajrainst
Drummond McGavin and \V. B. Collier
Jr. It was won by the former team. 6-4.
6-4. 6-3. James A. Code beat "Walter Mc-
Gavin. 6-3. 4-3. Arthur Goodall and George
Greenwood beat H. Haight and S. C.
Pardee. 6-4.
In the continuous E. Fuller, challenger,
defeated Delano. 6-1. 6-2. W. Stauf beat
W. H. Moreland, 8-6, 7-5. Fuller beat Ers
kine. 6-4. 7-5.
The Round Robin Singles at Del Monte
will have the following entries: Georgia
"Whitney. Robert Whitney. H. W. Crow
ell, Reuben Hunt. Grant Smith. James A.
Code, Godfrey of Honolulu and Dr. Sae
ger. ;
DRUIDIC DEGREE TEAM
GIVES A VICTORY SUPPER
Presentation of Engrossed Resolu
tions Followed by Jollification
in a Banquet Hall.
During the last held session of the
Grand Grove of Druids of California in
this city last May the degree team of
Galileo Galilei Grove No. 37 appeared be
fore that body and exemplified the second
or Bard's degree during a contest with
several other teams. The team designated
gave the most perfect drill, its work being
pronounced faultless. The Grand Grove
expressed its approval in the form of a
set of handsomely engrossed resolutions
set In an elaborate frame, which a few
days since was presented to the winners*
through Junior Past Grand Noble Arch
James F. Martinoni. Last evening thd
team celebrated Its victory by a banquet,
at which there were present about forty
Druids, among them J. F. Martinoni. J.
P. G. N. A.; J. S. Godeau, deputy noble
grand arch; James Hagan, supreme rep
resentative; F. Cavagnaro, P. N. G. A.;
J. M. Graves, grand secretary; L. A.
Wolff, past noble arch of Laurel Grove:
J. B. Cardano.O. Llppi. J. Icardo, L.
Cariani, A. Olmo, I* de Lucchl and L. A.
Canepa. past arches of Galileo Grove; E.
C. Luchessa. noble arch, and L. Ferrari,
vice arch of the groy.e.
After the supper Toastmaster Martinoni
called upon all those named to make a
few remarks, which they did, congratulat
ing the team upon its excellent work and
also having much to say for the good
of Druidlsm. A. Olmo. captain of the
team, promised that if there should be
any more contests Galileo would endeavor
to maintain the position it had won.
KNIGHTS OF KHORASSEN
HOLD A SOCIAL SESSION
Members of a Side Degree of tha
Pythians Enjoy an Evening of
Festivity.
Zerin-Kapi Temple No. 52 of the Dra
matic Order of Knlsrhts of Khorassen,
which is to the Knights of Pythias what
the Shriners arc to the Masonic order,
had a social session In the California Ho
tel last evening. It was in the nature of
an elaborate banquet at a round table set
In a patriotically decorated dining room.
The members of the temple were all at
tired in evening dress and each wore a
red fez. The excellent menu served on
the table profusely decorated with tho
choicest of flowers having been disposed
of. Junior Past Grand Chancellor H. R.
Arndt. acting as toastmaster. took
charge and for several hours there was
oratory, song, wit and merriment. The
regular toasts and those who responded
were:
"Good Fellowship, the Oasis on the Des
ert of Life," T. J. Crowley; "The Immor
tals, a Fragrant Memory of the Past."
H. Schaffner; "The Bine. Yellow and
Red." George Samuels: "Poor Joe," Jamra
A. Wilson: "Our Country." C. F. Mc-
Glashan: "Auld Lane Syne." A. K. Ste
vens; "Aloha Nul Oa." Carl Lindsay.
There were returning toasts, the singing
of "The Warrior Bold" by Votary H. R
Maggs and other sor.gs and stories by
thnse who couH tell thrtn.
There were present: H. R. Arndt. C. F.
McGlashan. B. B. Sargent. H. Schaffner,
G. S. Bachman. M. A. Samuels. C. W.
Nevins. A. D. Coddington. W. A. Rich
ardson, C. H. Hoffman. A. K. Stevens.
W. L. Beddele. F. F. Kelly. AV. C. I>ih
meyer. George Samuels, Thomas A. Nfr
ney. C. C. Taylor. J. J. Clarke. H. B.
Maggs, G. L. Merguire and L. G. Dyer.
The life of an Australian native rarely
exceeds flfty years. SP&S
The Humboldt Evening High School
Athletic .Association elected trie following
named officers at a meeting held Thurs
day night: 'William Stapff. president;
R. Hausman, vice president: J. Shipley,
secretary; L. Cavalier, treasurer. Charles
David is business manager. The associa
tion desires to Join the Academic League,
and Will make application for admission.
Humboldt School Athletes.
CEREMONIAL SESSION IN
ISLAM TEMPLE, A. A. 0. S.
Novices Will Be Introduced to the
Mysteries of the Orient in
Style.
R. P. Hurlburt, potentate, and Hiram T.
Graves, recorder, of Islam Temple, An
cient Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine,
have issued the following proclamation:
Hear ye. nobles of Islam, and attend! The
ceremonial session of the temple will be held in
Golden Gate Hall, on Leylet el Arbaa. 11th day.
4th month, Hejra 131S, Rabin ul Akhlr. which
we idiomatically Interpret as Wednesday even
ing. August 8, 1900, at 8 o'clock. Solemn ob
servance In honor of Abd-el-llakk. poet, moo
lah, commentator on the Koran.
Caravans* are expected from Crockett, Santa
Rosa. Healcjsburg and Napa. accompanied by a
number of novitiates, who will attempt to cross
the hot sands and reach the Mecca of the faith
ful. Remember, this Is the midsummer cele
bration, and may be the last before the Ha
waiian pilgrimage.
Full ceremonial, gorgeous entertainments!
The novices In charge of one of the faithful
will ascend the highest of the pyramids, and
after solemn words of caution will float out on
the back of a butterfly Into the ethereal realms.
Hold on to the rope.
I Words of wisdom will be spoken to the mis
sionaries of the faith who lutend to make the
pilgrimage among the Boxers of Hawaii. Illu
minated festival In. honor of Sltt Futtoomeb,
the daughter of the prophet, and traditional
banquet.
Cases of Arrested Foresters.
' The cases of Henry Nathan and Louis
Heinz, financial and recording secretaries
of Court Ivanhoe, Ancient Order of For
esters, charged with misdemeanor embez
zlement for refusing to give up books In
their possession, were called in Judge Ca
banlss" court yesterday. By consent the
trial was continued till August 6.
The grand fancy bazaar to be held In th*
Armory of Company O, League of tho
Cross Cadets, for the benefit of St. John's
Church building fund, will be opened
Thursday. August" 23. The ladies of the
parish have worked hard and have given
a number of entertainments and socials to
add to the success of the fair. At a recent
meeting of those interested In the affair
the following named were chosen to pre
side over the various booths:
No. 1. St. Anthony's Booth— Mrs. John
McNerney, assisted by Mrs. John Mitch
ell, Mrs. lialtz. Mrs. Fay. Mrs. O'Farrel,
Miss Annie Care, Mrs. \V. Flatley, Mrs.
Scherr, Miss Ler Walsh. Mrs. Reilly. Miss
Katie Meincke, Miss K. Magee, Mrs. de
Sassie, Mrs. K. O'Brien. Miss Julia Rice
and Miss Annie Burns.
No. 2. St. John's Booth— Mrs. Richard
son, assisted by Mrs. O'Dea, Miss Katie
E. Doyle. Mrs. Mallett, Mrs. McLester.
Mrs. McMahon and Miss May Nlland.
No. 3. Sunnyside Booth— Mrs. Turner
end Mrs. Amrock. assisted by Mrs. O'Con
nor, Mrs. Lee. Miss Lee, Mrs. Hayes. Mrs.
Hartnett. Mrs. Burke, Miss Essie Ewell
and Miss Joule Power.
No. 4. St. Patrick's Booth— Mrs. Samony
and Mrs. Dennison. assisted by Mrs.
Hynes, Miss K. Hanberry, Miss K. Den
nison. Mrs. Greelv, Miss K. Murphy. Mrs.
Kelly and Miss Nora Thompson.
No. 5. Immaculate Conception Sodality
Booth— Miss Molly Skehan. president, as
sisted by Misses L. Clark. K. Walsh, A.
Kehoe, K. Kehoe. M. Vanders. K. Mc-
Keon, M. McKeon. A. Williams. B. Bel
more. B. Hashagen. Mrs. Murphy, Mrs.
Wilson and other members of the sodality.
No. 6. Holly Park Booth— Mrs. Morrison,
assisted by Mrs. McCann. Mrs. Rlordan,
Mrs. Flannlgan and Mrs. McGee.
1 Soda Fountain— Mrs*. D. Supple, assisted
by Mrs. Williams, Miss Slattery. Miss M.
McHugh. Miss L. Mitchell and Miss Ncra
Coughlln.
Refreshment Booth — Mrs. John Cherry,
assisted by Mrs. Lynn, Miss Lena Lynn.
Miss K. Lynn, Miss T. Lynn, Mrs. Cham
bers, Mrs. J. Daly. Miss M. Liddy, Miss
A. O'Brien and Miss Grace Zella.
Candy Stand. Fish Pond and Grab
Box— ynder the direction of Miss I.
Walsh, president Holy Angels* Sodality,
assisted by members of the sodality.
Shooting Gallery— Captain J. Westpler.
Those to Attend Booths Have Been
Selected and Are Hard at
ST. JOHN'S CHURCH BAZAAR
IS TO BE OPENED SOON
Providence Journal— The discussion about the propriety or
impropriety of a man's casting aside his coat in warm weather
and appearing without it on the street continues In many quar
ters. The consensus of opinion is that the: custom is justifiable
within certain limits. • Meanwhile the .practice spreads.
Richmond Times— Everybody favors the Shirt Waist Club in
Richmond, and there Is little doubt that it is destined to be
come a reality. -.The organization has taken on some form, and
a movement Is now on foot to get the style started. t The club
Is. being pushed along by some of the most prominent society
and. business men In the city. Many of the clothing stores,
eeeingthe wave'of approval for the new style, have ordered
belts and shirts that will be just the proper thing.
Birmingham News — The subject of the shirt waist for men
is certainly-one ¦which would seem to demand serious consid
eration.at least In the large cities where the mortality is very
great as a result, of the excessive heat.
Richmond Dispatch— Anent the discussion upon the ouestlon
of coat or no during the dire heat of the summer, we reel im
pelled by common honesty to say that a man of good figure
appears well enough In business quarters in his (negligee) shirt
sleeves, while one who has been scantily endowed with sym
metry appears at a disadvantage.
Cincinnatl Commercial-Tribune— The junction of the shirt
and trousers cannot be made to look like the smooth meeting
place of the skirt and the shirt waist. There are physiological
difficulties that cannot be overcome. A man dressed in accord
ance with the suggestions will look just as uncouth as form
less woman without a corset. Comfort can be secured, but not
beauty of contour. • .
cussed at the present time in the East. Here are the views of
some of the newspapers:
Boston Transcript — Give the business man his shirt waist,
by all means, this hot summer of averages awry and nearly
au records broken. But before he gets too familiar with, that
style of comfortable clothing and meditates extensive varia
tions on the theme, let us decree at once no lace effects nor
open work nor embroidery or the like shall ever be used by
him. even If it does in theory if not in reality conduce to his
coolness. . '.-•....
There has been an advance In the price
of petroleum, due to the supply being
less than the demand. Within the past
few days contracts have been made with
some of the larger producers In Los An
geles under which. their entire output will
be taken for several months to come at
the rate of $1 25 per barrel. The threat
ened large . increase In the price of coal
has stimulated some manufacturers to
look about for cheeper fuel, which they
find in petroleum. Then a systematic at
tempt has been made to market petroleum
and fair success has been the result. The
railroads are constantly preparing to be
larger consumers of fuel oil. Many new
uses are being discovered. Many miles of
streets in southern cities heretofore
sprinkled with water will be oiled. Over
1400 barrels of oil were shipped from Los
Angeles in June to. ranchers for use in
creating power to be employed in irriga
tion. Contracts have been made in this
city for many thousands of barrels. There
are several leading causes to make a
shortage, as will easily be seen. The price
has gone up sympathetically.
The Los Angeles Times gives the fol
lowing particulars concerning another
large transaction in oil lands:
David C, Cook has sold the Temescal Rancho
to a party of local bankers and other capital
ists for a price that is said to be in the neigh
borhood of JoCO.OoO. The rancho is situated in
Los Angeles and Ventura counties and con
tains besides the town site of Piru about 14,000
acres. Of this holding 1000 acres is exception
ally good agricultural land, and there are 11,000
acres of hill land, declared by experts to be oil
bearing. The purchase was brought about by
W. W. Xeuer of the Central Oil Company, who
with his associates have decided to incorporate
the Piru Oil and Land Company and develop
the property on a large scale. It is stated that
the company will soon erect an Immense ma
chine shop at Piru City, which is a few mlies
from Santa Paula.' Among, the men who are
Interested In the new enterprise are: \V. \V.
Neuer, Senator Robert N. Bui la, W. G. Kerck
hoff. J. F. Sartori. "\V. H. Cook. Thomas
Hughes, Ben Klngsbaker, \V. F. Bottsford, H.
R. Lacy, W. M. Garland. J. M. Johnson, Abe
Haas, D. F.. Hill, Dr. John R. Haynes, Dr. E.
R. Smith, I. B. Newton. J. M.. Elliott, G. R.
Cobleigh, J. C. Drake, "W. A. Baker, A. N. Da
vidson, O. S. A. Sprague, Randolph H. Miner,
H. Baruch, Charles Monroe, Percey R. Wilson,
J. A. Ganes..A. H. "Wileox. Harry Gray, H.
Mayberry, S. C. White, William Mead, D. F.
T. Bicknell, John A. Forthmann. J. AV. A. Oft.
'William J. Mclntyre of Riverside. W. S. Por
ter, Hueb T. Duff and R. G. ! Beebe. O. S. A.
Sprague, mentioned above, is a member of the
largest wholesale grocery firm of Chicago and
Is a director in the Pullman Palace Car Com
pany and of the Santa Fe Railway Company.
Professor W. L. Watts of the State Min
ing Bureau will issue a bulletin soon, tell
ing of his observations in the oil fields of
California and furnishing much available
information. He is now examining the
fields In Kern County.
A plan has been formulated by the gen
eral committee appointed by the oil men
of Kern County for the purpose of con
trolling the price of oil. The plan Is. in
brief, to organize a corporation, the stock
of which is to be taken by owners of pro
ducing wells In $100 lots for each well. The
stockholders must contract to give the
association the exclusive right to handle
their yield. The scope of the organization
at present includes only the oil fields of
Kern County. In order to keep out wild
cats, no company will be admitted , to
membership which has not at least, one
producing well; -and in order, further, to
keep the stock out of the hands of specu
lators. It Is designed that no dividends
shall be paid, but. If any surplus fund ac
cumulates from the profits of one year, it
is to be applied to the expenses of the
next. In this way the income will be cut
down to the actual cost of handling the
oil.
An operator has been explaining to the
Bakersfleld Californian the advantages
that will arise from the producers' asso
ciation. His principal point Is that enough
fuel can be guaranteed to warrant large
and long-time contracts. There are large
consumers who would take 20.000 barrels
per month, he says, if they could be as
sured of the full supply. No single com
pany could guarantee that, but It Is possi
ble of accomplishment if all the compa
nies In Kern County will combine. The
association would be like a reservoir In a
canal system, providing against freshets
and shortage. Then markets can be found
better by an association than by individ
uals.
The Los Angeles Times reports that op
erators in the Kern River District intend
to carry their patronage to the Santa Fe.
Several weeks ago the Southern Pacific
agreed to build a spur into the district,
but on the refusal of the property own
ers to deed outright the strip necessary
the company refused to build the road,
and the property holders have built about
three miles at their own expense. It is
now said that they will continue the road
to the Santa Fe line, a distance of five
miles.
A derrick in the Kern River district
bears a sign In large letters. "O. II. C."
The symbols being Interpreted. Inform
the reader that the company Is prepared
to go to "Oil, H or China." The start
is made with eleven and live-eighths cas
ing.
The contention of at least one set of oil
claimants as against a scripper In the
Kern River district has been s^t forth In
a brief prepared by Attorney Frank H.
Short of Fresno in the case of J. P. El
wocd et al., protestants and mineral
claimants, against J. R. Johnston, lieu
land claimant. The principal point made
by the attorney Is that where a miner in
good faith has entered upon lands appa
rently mineral and has In good faith lo
cated a mining claim, posted his notice
and taken actual possession of the mine,
and is in good faith developing It and
prospecting for mineral, independent of a
technical mineral discovery, where the
general conditions and his location and
operations indicate its mineral character,
the land is not subject to the provisions
of the act of June 4, 1837, relative to loca-
Another Large I/and Deal in Los An
geles County— Producers of
Kern Formulate Flan
for Protection.
Oleaginous Product Finds
New Pathways to Public
5 Favor.
DEMAND FOR OIL
CAUSING PRICES
TO GO HIGHER
Mrs. Hawley was one of the many who
lost their all by the peculations of Hall.
He had for years been the close friend
and confidential agent of her husband
and nothing was more natural than that
she should go to Hall for advice when her
husband died. She trusted Hall as im
•plicity as had her husband. The result
was the complete wreck of her estate.
More than $75,000 was stolen. The revela
tion was too much and under the strain
the impoverished widow's reason gave
way and she became a hopeless mental
wreck.
More than usually distressing was the
situation. Mrs. Hawley occupied a promi
: ner.t place in the social and philanthropic
activities of Oakland, which had been her
home for many years^ She led in chari
table movements. Much of her time and
effort was given to the Ladies' Relief So
ciety homes. When the crash came noth
| ing was left but a homestead at Seventh
I avenue and East Fourieenth street.
Mrs. Hawley v.as C6 years of age and a
native of Rhode Island. One married
; daughter resides at Santa Cruz.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Harriet
Hawley. widow of the late G. T. Hawley.
who was a member of the former grocery
firm of Hawley Brothers, San Francisco,
was held to-day. To the friends who gath
ered at the b'.er to take part in the simple
service the scene was one of more than
usual pathos, for the exercises marked the
close of a life which had been marred by
most saddening incidents.
For ten years Mrs. Hawley had been a
patient at the State Hospital at Stockton,
where she died Thursday. Her ,mind had
given way under a great sorrow, the loss
of her fortune by theft committed by one
of her trusted friends and advisers. The
man who brought ruin upon this unfor
tunate woman was John Hall, "Honest
John Hall." who tied from San Francisco
a. decade ago, an embezzler of $300,000. the
money of scores of widows and orphans
intrusted to his care.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 4.
Was th© Widow of a Merchant Whosa
Estate Was Plundered by
Embezzler John
Hall
Harriet Hawley's Pathetic
Life Story Recalled by
Her Death.
MIND WRECKED
BY THE LOSS
OF A FORTUNE
The Federated Trades has taken an ac
tive part in organization ' of the labor
unions of this city for a Joint celebration
of Labor day. September 3. The federa
tion has issued a call to all of the affili
ated unions and to those of the Building
Trades Council to make as large a show
ing In the parade as possible.
There will also be an outdoor reunion
at Shell Mound Park and literary exer
cises. There has been a lively Interest
manifested in the plans for the celebra
tion by both of the central labor organ
izations. Working committees are active
ly handling the preliminaries. At the
next meeting of the Federated Trades.
August ZO, the complete programme will
be arranged.
The following named officers of tha
Federated Tr-ides have been elected:
President. C. I. Jacobs of the Carpenters'
Union; vice president. T. F. Feeney, Ci
garmakers' Union: recording and finan
cial secretary. C. I>. Rogers, Typographi
cal Union: treasurer, B. LetsSensteln. Bar
bers' Union: serseant at arms, F. Perry;
directors — Joseph Scott. Musicians' Union;
James Shields. Typographical Union.
The Federated Trades has been request
ed by the Barbers' Union to have all
shops closed in Oakland on Labor day.
Federated Trades Chooses Officers and
' • Directors for Anotlier Year,
Barbers Want Day of
Festival.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Aug. 4.
Oakland Craftsmen Join in
Plans for Big Gathering
of Toilers.
LABOR DAY TO
BE CELEBRATED
BY ALL UNIONS
AT.AMEDA, Aug. «.— Ten-year-old Eva
"Winckelman was so bafily beaten by Mrs.
;2j1zz1* Caufleld, who weighs 200 pounds,
that, according to the testimony of the
¦jP^Eldan who treated the child, she was
-unable to appear at the trial in Justice
Morris' court this afternoon. In revenge
for her arrest for battery Mrs. Caufleld
ewore to a warrant for the arrest of the
little girl, charging her with batten*. Con
¦table George E. Clarke could not serve
•tha warrant because of tho serious con
dition of the child.
The assault on Eva "vTlnckelman took
place Wednesday evening in front of the
vVlackelman home at lOlu Pacific avenue.
The Caufleld childrei and the Winckel
laan children do not get along. During
a hair-pulling bee last Sunday night Mrs.
CauSeld'e children got the worst of it.
SJrs. Caufleld lookeo for a chance to re
taliate in behalf of her children, and made
an attack on Eva. the child, who was
c landing beside her mother. Seizing her
£yy the hair Mrs. CaufieM puiU-d the child
ferouud awhile and then knocked her
down and pummeled hor with clenched
tuiis about her body. Neighbor* say she
stamped on her. 'Ihe child's mother is a
frail woman, and whtu she attempted to
Interfere was pushed violently away.
When Mrs. Caufleld finally exhausted
Jiersolf the child was so badly hurt that
the was unable to move. The mother
picked her up and carried her into the
fcouse. L>r. A. A. sUafrerd was summoned.
He found the child Buffering from a num
ber cf injuries about the hips and abdo
jxnen. from which she will not recover for
t-.-r.-- time.
Mrs. Winckeiman swore to the com
plaint for Mrs. Caufield's arrest. When
the case was called for trial this after-
Sioon Mrs. Winckelman told her siory of
the assault, which was corroborated bv
Albert Riley. who was playing with the
Winekelman children. Mrs. Caulield ad
mitted that she niid laid violent hands on
Eva Winckelrr.an. She said that she had
XJot intended to injure the girl, but in her
rajre had forgotten herself.
"While I think the defendant is techni
cally guilty of battery, still I will follow
The advice of her attorney and dis-
Tniss the charfre."'
These words c:\me from Justice Morris
¦when the testimony from both sides was
In. The attorney for the defense had sug
pestrd that neighbors* • quarrels should
not be settled in court, and the Justice
agreed with him. Another suggestion
from the defendant's attorney that the
charge of battery against the 10-year-old
e:rl be dismissed went unheeded.
STbaagh. H» Declares Her Guilty of
Aesaalt, Jtistlce Morris Allows
Mrs. Lizzie C&ufleld to Go
TTapunislied.
Complainant a Woman of
Much Avoirdupois Who
Had Beaten Her.
CHILD OF TEN
YEARS CHARGED
WITH BATTERY
MILLER TO PRESENT
"HEARTSEASE" AGAIN
A large tile factory and two other con
cerns needing much fuel will soon be built
near Los Angeles. The Herald finds that
this line of development comes about be
cause cheap fuel has demonstrated to be
possible that which was impossible a few
years ago— to establish many manufac
tories with a chance to make profits.
At Santa Barbara Judge W. S. Day of
the Superior Court has decided, in the suit
of the Acme Oil and . Mining Company
against H. L. Williams et al., that prop
erty known as tide lands belongs to the
State of California. The tract Is at Sum
merland. below' the high- water mark, on
"the ccean beach. Several wells have been
sunk there. Most of the paying wells at
Summerland are similarly located. The
case will be taken to the Supreme Court.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars are in
volved in the Issue.
tJon of lieu lands. The case Is now before
the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
THE bAiN FiiAiNCJlSCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUbT 5, 1900.
33
HENRY MILLER KSTD MARGARET DALE IN "HEARTSEASE."
t The best for the least^
w money. ('
4 Groceries and liquors. •
J Fancy Creamery Butter \
9 Have your select «-„..„ ~O~v
\ ions from i he »«** square 3oc\
f brands of Humboidt or.unty cream- y
a f-i**— strictly fancy quality. a
f Monday and Tuesday. §
American Cheese (l
A It'-cood-t^fssure. each
(summer beverage) {
4 Extracts of wild cherry p:t« l-f r^P
Ees-Itby und refreshing. »-»L. j^-}
m r;,v|y uuiue. regular 15c. &
Japan Tea lb. 35^
A Uncolorrd pure tea leaves, llild i
V frwsh flavor. Ton may like it bet- r
A ttr th-n some teas sold at double A
f the price. ?
f Belfast Ginger Ale t
f weather drink. Regular $1.60. t
Coffee roasted. (
A Smooth, pleasant flavor. Ik j cr&
7 Rich color. 1U ' 1 i L f
9 Extra Soda Crackers f
i Fr«*b baked. Unex- Tn 1V> 3 ZCf
\ o^Ued wherever a IO 1D * 35 C^
p plain cracker can be nsed. Keg. joc. f
$Dairy or Table Salt }
a Pure white. „.-. |U co rlr T cri
Malt Extract f
A Imported. Xon- A O7 <t T Q-i
9 intoxicating. GOZ. Jl.O^f
A Superior to any other brand of d
* malt extract. Regular $2.25.
bottle 90c J
9 Thesenuine,orisiMltonmd. Reg.tUOf
j>Chartrense and Cream i
t DeMenthejPeSSk 95<^
A Eugular !LS. (.
Cocktails assorted.
\ XVi!iaerdij3g, Lotwe Be \~*. Q rr i
( Co. bottling. Eeg. $1.00. Dt ' °O c f
Gin bottle Soc(
A Distilled and bottled at Fiiwburc A
7 distillery. London. Regular $ i.00. r
Claret gallon 25CV
A Good wine. Regular Me. • £
T Mopday and Tuesday. \
f rir> Market St. 8. F. Shattnclc Ar, Perlceleytf
A 9th &\Vaehi:jpton.OaV Central Are. Alaineda i
,f Tth & Wood, Oak. 59 1st Street, San Joso f
~~*troops captured. 476.169. Number of United
States troops paroled on tho field, 1S.431:
Confederate troops paroled on th« field.
248.599. Number of LTnlted States troops
who died while prisoners. 30.138; Confeder
ate troops who died while prisoners. 30,152.
The French loss durinp tho Franco-Prus
sian war was about 330,000 men, and th«
Oerman loss, killed and wounded, was
about 128,000.
Mme. Llron and Miss Llgon have gone
to Santa Crur for a ehort vacation.
Mrs. Thomas B. Gould and Miss Sadie
Gould are spending their vacation at
Mountain View, Santa Cruz.
Miss Llszle Keeney of Nevada City Is
viFitlnr Mrs. M. Sloan and family at 815^
Geary street.
Rev. Thomas Chalmers Easton, D.D., of
Washington, D. C, Is visiting his Bons
and willremaln here until September. Dr.
Easton U pastor of the Eastern Presbyte
rian Church, one of the prominent
churches in the capital city.
Mr. and Mrs. N. D. Newman and family
have moved from 1321 dslden Gate ave
nue to their new hoy.e. 143V Page street.
At home the flret Tuesday oi each month.
Mrs. C. Genfler has returned home after
a three months' visit to rel/tlves in New
York.
Mrs. D. Bennett and farslly, and Mrs.
H. Klnspel and son of Bakersfleld are vis
itinf at Ross Valley.
Hotber Wismer has returned from his
trip to Lake Tahoe and Glen Alpine
Springs. '
Mies Marion L. Bear and party are mak
ing a tour of the Yosemite. >.
Dr. E. C. Mervy and wife have returned
from thVir northern trip and are located
at the Commercial Hotel.
Mrs. John Lee and family are expected
to return to-morrow from Nevada County,
where they have been spending the past
two months.
William J. Madden, construction super
intendent of the Telluride Power and
Transmission Company, has gone to Rod
Bluff, Mont., where he will complete the
large dam begun last year. Mr. Madden
spent the last four months with his fam
ily in San Francisco.-
Sir j. Rosa Frits and daughter Florence,
Mr. and Mrs. Oliver A. Harker. the MIspps
Smithson. Georgp A. Smithson and W.
Howard Thomas have boen spending the
summer at Hillcrest. Napa Valley.
The Woods Is the appropriate name of
Mrs. Clqra Foltz's ranch in the top range
of the San Bernardino Mnuntalns. where
Mr?. Foltz, with hor son, Samuel C. Foltz,
is spending toe vacation. They will re
turn August 10.' * :
Resorts.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS-Late arrivals
at R> -on Hot Springs include: From San
Fnnelfo— F, B. Burress. J. A. Barr," A.
Stock, Mri. T. Goldman. T. Goldman, T.
H. Dowling. E. 13. Henderson. M P.
Lewis, A. " E. Bcr.net. Mr?. L. Cohenne
mnnn. P. Rtordan. Mrs. W. H. Lowen
thal, L. -Bettman. E: V. Sachs. W. A.
Smith. Mrs. B. Neubert. G.W. Gwlnn. II.
Hechtman . and wife, Harry : M. Campe,
Sam McKelvey, G. W. Duff. Charles An
derson, Mrs. G. F. Hogeman, Mrs.. P.
Demlngs, J. H. Cutter. L. E. Lake, E. B.
Anderson. Mrs. M. Cotton. Mrs. P. Lewis,
F. J. Pott. Mrs. M. Hartlgan. M. Bejir,
W. H. Lowenthal. W. A. Brickholder. S.
Santos. J. C. Nolan," Mrs. M.I Hauliza
Miss Covert. C. L. Wilson,' William
Qulnn. Adolph Meyrr, Nellie A. Maloney.
Louisa Marchal. George Ottson. Frank
Malon«y. Mrs. 8.".W.^Haynes, Ike Falken-
Btein. -From Oakland— John Trulson. A.
Kendall, Miss Ella Ferris. G. E. Hitch
cock. Louis Unna. Mm.A. Ferris. From
Stuartpvllle— John Smith. From Sunol— A.
Py. From Cape Nome — George Gay. From
Randsburg— G.. A. Berchane. From Mer
«d-F. G. Poor. From Auburn— cfharles
J. Ahlborn. wife %nd child. ¦ From*Clarks
burg—John Joseph. From Port Costa—
Chafes Paterson. John Bowman, P. J.
Kelly. From Livermorc— Thomas Lawler
and wife. Mrs. P. Conley. From Dough
ertys—Mrs. K. V. Donlan. From Sausa
llto—Mrs. Santos. M. Santos. From Half
moon Bay— Mrs. Francis Marchado. From
Murnhye— w. J. Mercer. From Jackson—
A. Fregnolia. From Honolulu— Mrs. W.
w. Needham.. • From Sacramento— J. -W.
Marsh. From Tomales— George ' Dillon.
KVom Fresno— J. B. Henderson, B. Neu-
SARSFIELD HALL FIRE— L. A. T..
City. The fire which destroyed "Sarsfleld
THE MAID OF ORLEANS— C. T. "W.,
City. The schooner Maid of, Orleans, the
home port of which Is San Francisco, left
for Karluckon the 10th of last April.
Since that time there has not been any re
port that she met with disaster. The fact
that you found the bow name plate of ves
sel Ss no proof of her having met with dis
aster.* It may, by some means, have been
knocked - offi and was. not recovered by
those on board.
4 ALTITUDES— E. J. D.. City. This de
partment has not the space to describe
how altitudes are measured and the man
ner, of computation. If you will go to the.
Free ¦.¦ Public Library reference room and
read "Geodesy." page 171, 'volume X, and
"Surveying," pages 707-711,. volume XXII
of the ''Enlcyclopedia Brltannlca you will
find the matter explained there.
BAPTIZE— A. C.R., San Jose, Cal. Bap
tize. Is from the Greek baptlzo., which
means I dip, I submerge, I cleanse with
dipping; I make clean with water; from
bapto, I dip, I Immerse. To baptize- Is
from the old French baptlser and the
Latin baptizare, to administer the rite of
baptism, to chrlBten.
LEGHORN CHICKENS-A. S.. Carson
City. Nev. This department will not ad
vertise dealers in ' Leghorn chickens nor
nny other kind of business. If you will
send a self-addressed and stamped en
velope the names of firms asked for will
be sent to you. _
A QUARTER OF 1S53— A. C. R., San
Jose, Cal. A quarter of 1853 without ar
row heads at date or rays around the
eagle commands from dealers a premium
of from $1 25 to $3 25. Those with arrow
heads and rays do not command a pre
mium. v-.'';:V- '/"¦'¦ '
THE ANIMAL'S FRIEND— M. W. C,
City. Possibly the periodical that you
desire to have information about is | the
one issued by the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals of Boston,
Mass. It is called "Our Dumb' Animals."
AN OBSOLETE CIPHER-A. 8., City.
The figures given In letter of inquiry were
in the long ago used as a cipher by tele
graphers, but it was so long ago that the
operators of the present day are not ac
quainted with them. ,
FIVE-DOLLAR PIECES— C. W. W.,
Harris. Cal. Dealers in coins do not offer
a premium for $5 pieces issued after 1834.
For a coin of that date and denomination
issued In 1S36 dealers charge from $7 50
to $8 50.
CONFEDERATE NOTES— B. and A..
City. Confederate notes having a face
value of $10 are of but very little value.
Dealers In such offer 50 cents for 100 bills
of that denomination.
LI HUNG CHANG— A. G., Thermalito,
Cal. ' Li Hung Chang never was in San
Francisco. On his return to the Orient he
avoided that city and left for his home
from Vancouver September 15, 1896.
TERRAPIN FARM— G., Haywards. Cal.
In the February number of Llpplncott's,
1895, you will find an Interesting article on
terrapin farms and the raising of terrapin.
HIGH SCHOOLS— M. E. 8.. City. The
high schools In Oakland and Berkeley re
opened Tuesday, July 31.
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
C. Rosendale, Edmond Godchaux. Mrs.
A. Hirschfeld, Stanley Ponton, A. W. Ot
tenhelmer. Mr, and Mrs. F. L. Skaggs, B.
Ross, H. Newell. Adolph Klau, H. Sultan,
A. H. Cohen. F. S. Braddy, S. C. Wlel.
H. E. Owner. R. D. McQuiddy, W. J.
Spotswood. L. Aaron, M. H. Hecht. C.
I^ddy. S. R. Dickey, Mrs. L. Coflln, Wal
ter Coffin, B. Kooning. T. W. Brown, H.
S. Schutte, W. T. Scott. H. H. Earle. Ben
Levy, W. G. Chamberlain, W. S. Barry.
H. II. Klrby. W. J. Martin. Miss Rose E.
Hecht, San Francisco; J. A. Rauer. San
Rafael; J. H. Droste. St. Louis; N. de
Gottorde. Cayucos: Re,v. S. R. Hale. Seat
tle; Charles Wagner end wife, Stockton;
G. A. Rogers, Sanger: S. L. Blair. Santa
Fe; George H. Buck. Redwood City; T. M.
Kelly. Los Angeles; H. S; Hlrsch. San
Jose: Mrs. V. -Turner. Victoria. B. C; J.
C. Truosdale. Shandon; O. D. Richardson
and wife. Visalla: C. A. Bushnell. Fresno:
Hugh R. Vail, Santa Barbara: F. A.
Work. Pacific Grove; Miss M. Gariola,
Victoria. B. C: William B. Flansburg,
St. Paul; B* S. Sperry. Stockton: B. F.
Hance. Detroit; W. R. Sims. Honolulu, H.
I.; Charles A. Palmer, San Luis Obispo.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS-Late ar
rivals at Klamnth Hot Springs Include:
From San Francisco — L. I^eon, S. C.
Spero. W. W. Van Emen. Harry JB. Get
tleson, C. C. McCray, I. M. Johnson, W.
H. Johnson, C. H. Jones. S. Goldman, J.
K. Wilson and family, W. F. Bowers, A.
G. Stoll. Ellis Moss. J. C. Cerf. C. E.
Innes, Miss M. Collier: from Sacramento
— F. F. Smith and wife. W. F. Slocumb.
Dr. C. H. Blemer. J. Glnsbury, J. M. Niel
sen and son; from Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.— Captain Wainwright, U. S. A.;
M. J. Hidden. Guv- S. B. Hayden: from
Salem — Mrs. M. M. Blesen, "Miss Blesen:
from Yreka— Mr. and Mrs. James Fair
ehiUl, Claude Glllis.H. E. Brush. Mrs. H.
C de Witt. Mrs. James Qulnne; from
Hornbrook— Miss Horn: from Modesto — O.
The proper and appropriate framing of
pictures has within a few years become
an art in itself. Only recently the Btyles
of framing materials have been made in
such harmonious effects as to suit all
tones and colors of pictures. The very
latest mouldings, all styles and widths,
also tinted and colored mat boards at
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street, •
An Art in Itself.
CIVIL WAR STATISTICS-I. H. S..
Gold Run, Cal. The number of casualties
in the volunteer and regular armies of the
United States during the war of 1S51-63,
acording to a statement prepared by the
vVir,? 11 !* B t ner , al ' s offlce - was M follows:
&<«?. J 1 !* b W. e - 6 '* 058: d|pd nf -wounds.
43,012; died of disease, 199.720; other causes
such as accidents, murder. Confederate
prisons etc 40.154; total died. 349.944; total
deserted 199,105. Number of soldiers in
the Confederate sen-Ice who died of
™gj ds _° r Itfease (partial statement).
]£ m + Desertel (partial statement). 104.
428. Number of United States troops cap
tured durinc the war. 212.60S: Confederate
THE DOCTOR'S R— E. W. G.. City.
The following j Is gH-en as the origin of
the letter R used by doctors when writ
ing prescriptions: "During the middle age.
when astrology prevailed, a character
very much like the Roman R was the
sign of Jupiter, the preserver of health.
The phj-slcians then being equally de
voted to the science of medicine and of
astrology Invariably began their prescrip
tions with these words: 'In the name bf
Jupiter, take the following doses In the
order set down hereinafter.' In the
course of time this formula was abbrevi
ated, until at present only the letter R.
with a diagonal dash across its face re
mains to teach .us that medical art was
at one time associated with the science of
the stars.
SOCIALISM — ANARCHY — INDIVID
UALISM—J. F. C. City. Socialism is a
term that. denotes a class of opinions op
posed to the present and historical organi
zation of society, and seeking to introduce
a new distribution of property and labor,
in which organized co-operation rather
than competition should be- the dominat
ing principle, under the conviction that
the happiness of the human race, and es
pecially of the classes without capital,
would be procured or greatly advanced
thereby. Anarchy Is a state of society
without any regular government, when a
country Is torn by the strife of parties
and no law or authority remains. Individ
ualism Is the principle of doing according
to one's own will, or for one's own end.
as opposed to associate action or common
Interest.
LABELS ON TIN-Subscriber. Hermo-
Billo, Sonora. Mexico. The following is
given as a means of sticking labels to
tinned plate: "Dissolve Isinglass in acetic
acid, then brush th» labels over with it.
There will be no cause to complain of the
labels coming off, nor of striking through
thfi paper. Take a wide-mouthed bottle,
fill It about two-thlrtls with commercial
acetic acid and put in as much isinglass
as the liquor will hold, then set aside In
a warm place until completely dissolved.
When cold it should form a Jelly. To use.
place the bottle In hot water. The cork
should be well fitting, perfectly sound and
smeared with vaseline or melted paraf
flne."
Another method Is to make a paste of
two parts dexterine, tow parts gum ara
ble, five parts water and one part alcohol.
DISPLACEMENT— H. M. J.. Arizona.
Displacement Is the quantity Of liquid
which is displaced by a solid body placed
into It. If the weight of the displacement
is greater than, or equal to that of the
body, the latter will float. If leas. It will
sink to the bottom. A buoyant material
sinks to the level where the pressure of
the liquid in which it Is placed is sufficient
to counterbalance its weight. The torm
Is most frequently used In connection
with war ships, as a ship of 3000 displace
ment. Displacement tonnage is found in
the same way as register tonnage, except
that measurements are made, not along
and from the tonnage deck, but from the
load water line, and the final cubic content
is divided by thirty-five.
THE ZULU WAR— B. C.S., Burlingame,
Cal. In December, 187S, trouble began
between the Zulus, under Cetewayo, and
the British. Cetewayo refused to give up
the leaders of a raid on British territory
and on January 11, 1979. Lord Chelmsford
entered Zulu territory. In February an
expedition was sent to Africa. In May
Sir Garnet Wolseley was appointed com
mander in chief of the army and Governor
of Natal. On June 1 of that year Prince
Louis Napoleon was killed by the Zulus.
July 4, same year, Cetewayo was totally
defeated, and on August 28 following he
was captured. That ended the Zulu war.
PALESTINE— A. P.. Lompoc CaL In
addition to Palestine In Syria, Asiatic
Turkey, there is Palestine in Cleburne
County, Alabama; St. Francis Coun
ty, Arkansas; Crawford County. Illi
nois; Kosclusko County. Indiana; Hinds
County, Mississippi; Platte County; Ne
braska; Staley County, North Carolina;
Pickaway County, Ohio; Lewis County,
Tennessee; Anderson County, Texas;
Greenbrier County, West Virginia; also
Wirt County, same State. Any encyclo
pedia will give you a brief history of Pal
estine in Turkey, and there are a number
of books descriptive of that country.
ON THE INSTALLMENT PLAN— O.
R., City. Whether a dealer who sells
goods on the Installment plan has a right
to seize them in case of a default of pay
ment at the appointed time, even though
a great portion of the purchase price
which was stipulated has been paid, de
pends upon the nature of the contract.
As a general thing the goods are not sold,
but leased, with the understanding that
If the party leasing them does not pay for
use of the same each month the goods are
to revert to the one leasing them.
SPRINGFIELD RIFLES— M. P. I.. City.
This correspondent asks: Vis the Improv
ed Springfield rifle now being used by the
United States the same as was used by
the volunteers In the late war?" The
United States army does not now use the
improved Springfield rifla It Is armed
with the Krag-Jorgensen. It is presumed
that by "the late war" the Spanish-
American war Is meant. The regulars
were armed with Krag-Jorgensens, the
volunteers with Springflelds, model or
1ST73. and model of 1S84.
Hall," a lodging-house at the northwest
corner of Pacific and Montgomery streets,
and also destroyed the Pacific Flouring
Mills on Pacific street, adjoining, occurred
at 3 o'clock on the morning of January 11.
1862. The report at that time was that
nine persons were burned to death In tne
lodging-house. .
Miss Lottie O'Dea entertained a num
ber of her friends £.1 her residence. 360
Eleventh t>treet. on the evening of July
SI. Among those present were: Mr. .ind
Mrs. U'Dea. Miss Fox, Miss Myrtle O'Dea,
Mit.s Mallor.ey, Miss Fitzmaurlce, Miss
Eustmar.n, M;ss Kingston, Miss O'Connor,
A. iSnt-i.ston. J. Manning. Mr. Madden,
Mr. Kanie, J. Burns, L. Coghlan, W. Coo
gan and O. Butzke.
Mrs. William Helbing ga\'e a very de
lightful afternoon "coffee" last Wednes
dajr at her summer home in Hoss Valley.
A number of the guests came over from
San I- rancisco, ana others from Ross and
San Rafael made up the company.
lir. bjmi Mrs. Henry Horstman celebrat
ed their crystal wedding last Thursday
evening at tneir home on Lotta street. The
parlors and reception room were beauti
fully decorated with pink and white swee^
pecs and carnations, and the dining room
with clusters of flowers and foliage.
Dar.cir.g was indulged In until 11 o'clock,
when the guests repaired to the banquet
room, where an elegant supper awaited
them. Those seated at the table were:
Mr. and Mrs. Horstman, Mr. and Mrs.
Marquardt. Mr. and Mrs. Kahn. Mr. and
Mrs. St'itna. Mr. arid Mrs. Henricks. Mrs
Lutgf ns and Mrs. Bandoin. Mrs. Lichen
fitfdt sr>d Mrs. Klrtcherskofski. Mr. and
Mrs. Hohulte. W. Lee and Miss Hilton.
Mr. Whitelaw and Miss Marquardt. Dr.
A. W. L«=-e and Miss Hyer. L. Baudoln and
Misp Opperman, t>r. Kirtscherskofski and
Miss G. Hyer. Mr. Marquardt and Miss
Llchcnstedt. Mr. Baudoln and Miss Kahn,
Dr. Reid and Miss Kathryne Ross. Mr.
Whitney and Miss Wallace. Miss Hilda
HorFtrnnn and Miss Molyce Kahn.
A birthday party was given to Joseph
Lercara Saturday night. July 28. at
his rcsidonr-e. IHO Hyde street, in honor
of his twenty-seventh anniversary. It
v.as a very enjoyable affair. Dancing
sinpins. recitations and games were in
dulged in until the early hours of the
nicrr.ing. Refreshments were served at
midnight. Amnr.g those present were-
Mr. a:-.d Mrs. L. B. SolfnFky. Mr. and Mrs'
L. Scldner. Mr. and Mrs. Dr. B Merer
Mr. ard Mrs. D. Crown. Mr. and
Mrs. McLaughlin. Mr. and Mn»
Joroph Lercara. Mrs. Solomon Mrs
JSr^Zn**- VJ 1 "'- , Aldrich - Mrs Moore".
-.Irs. Pilv«»y. Mrs. Milkovitch Mrs Grif
fia, the Misses Rcf<». Mam.'e and Mae
pie Bruton. Miss Crown. M!?s Rav Rnth
eo«Uln. G. E. UoFon. H. Boyd W Fitz-
F'.mmon W. Harvey. L. Lerrara. Edward
Moore. Otto Moore sn<i J. F. Killion.
A few of the friends of Mrs. Walter E
AnccrKm and a numher or members from
Lea l^rnas Parlor. Native Daughters of
the Golden West, gave her a surprise
rarty recently prior to her departure for
her future fcom» in Los Angeles. A pleas
ant ev*-nSrg was passed j n dancing, plav
lr.g games an.iwith music. !-oth instru
mental and vocal. At midnight tempting
A delightful surprise party wa« given
Saturday. July 2S. In honor of Mr. and
Mrs. Georgt Muller Jr. on their departure
frxm Fitchburg by Mr. and Mrs. O. Ho
kar.son. The evening was pleasantly spent
in dancing, sieging end games, and a.
cakewalk was performed by Flossie Hol-
Lrook. Gladys Suakle and Maud Muller.
Home Gatherings.
¦Wedding Bells.
A grand noonday reception was given at
12 Oak street on Friday. July 20. in honor
of the marriage of Mrs. A. Brlerley, a
highly estceioed member of Britannia
Lodge No. 7. L>. of St: George, to Mr.
Klnnaa of this city. Twenty-five mem
bers trom Britannia Lodge No. 7 were
present. The spacious parlors were taste
fully decorated for the happy event. The
newly :narried pair ¦were the recipients
of useful and valuable gifts.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mary Loorya and Sam Horowitz. They
will receive their friends on Sunday, Au
fcust 12. at C21 Stevenson street.
Mr. and Mrs. Mpj-cus Mayer of 1226
Eddy street announce the engagement of
thrfr daughter, Elinore, to Albert Gun
dershHRier.
Tht> engagement Is announced of Miss
M. E. Jessou to Charles L. Hogue, both
of San Francisco. The wedding will take
place late In the fall.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Abrahams of 2100 Cali
fornia street announce the engagement of
their daughter. Florence, to A. L. Kut
ticr. They will receive Sunday. August 12.-
Owing to a. death in the faraily the en
rap*m»nt reception of Miss Sarah New-
Held and Armand Solomon has been post
poned.
They're Engaged.
xne engagt mer.t !s announced of Miss
Annie T. Llllcnthal of 507 Connecticut
street, this city, and John E. McNellls of
Ferre Haute, Ind., now en route to China
with Battery O. Third Artillery.
The engagement reception of Miss Hat
tie Lanzct and Bernard S. Dickhoff will
be held Sunday August 12, from 2 to 6
p. m.. at the Lanzet home. 2323 Pine
«=TpHE opening of the schools has
| brought quite a number of people
ji back to town, and there are once
again enough people in the city to
start things socially. It Is probable that
there will be considerable informal enter
tainment during August. But by next
month, however, things will be commenc-
S3S to t ha ,? e themselves for the season of
liw, which promises to b© an unusually
bnlllact one.
Mrs. Winifred Jennings of 2733 Pierce
street has left for an. extended Eastern
visit. Miss Delphine Jennings will join'
her in September.
Miss Freda Brettzmann, Miss Caroline
Ulmer, Miss Marguerite Duffee and Mlsa
Delphine Jennings were the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. Harry McGurren at Kent last
week.
Mrs. Katie Dowie is the guest of Mrs.
E. J. Ward of Portland. Or.
R. T. Kennedy and family have returned
to their home in Berkeley after a three
weeks' stay at Santa Cruz.
The Misses Acnes and Emily Murphy
have returned from Capitola and Santa
Cruz. |
Mirs Edith Wheaton and Mrs. Catherine
Martin have left New York for Europe.
They will be Joined in Paris by Mrs. John
I. Sabin and Mies Pearl Sabin.
Dr. Z. L«vln, who has been spending his
vacation at Blue Lakes, will return at
the end of this week.
of the Australia from the islands. Illness
has confintd Mr. Peck to his bed at the
residence of his brother. 1947 Pine street.
On his recovery a three months' sojourn
In California wlfh his wife and daughters
will be in order.
Sol Peck, a prominent merchant of
Honolulu, and brother to Phil Peck, the
banker, of Hilo, arrived on the last trip
Pe: . onals.
Mrs. M. H. Jacobs of Antioch Is stop
ping at 1313 Jackson street.
A. Hcynemann has returned from his
European visit. '/s'f.ih
The Astorias announce their openlnjy
party of the season on Tuesday evening,
August 7. at Golden Gate Hall.
Mrs. A. Shirek of 1516 Washington street
will be "at home" on Friday. August 10.
in honor of Miss Gertrude Goldstein.
Mr. and Mrs. Ignatz Levy (nee Harris)
will he pleased to receive their friends on
Sunday. August 12. from 2 to 5 o'clock at
1?22 Webster street.
Mr. and Mrs. Emi! Cohn announce th»
confirmation of their son. Hyman. on Sat
urday. August 11. at 9 a. m.. at the Minna
street Synagogue. Reception on Sunday.
August 12. at 7 p. m. at Social Hall. Alca
zar building.
Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Friedman <n<v
Schnltzer) will receive on Sunday after
noon. August 12, at their residence 1227
Hayes street.
In the Future.
A farewell reception was given by Mrs.
James Morse and Mrs. G. Olsen to the
Dominican Fathers and altar boys at Fern
Camp, Ross Valley, on Friday evening
last. Among those present were: Rev.
Father Newell, Rev. Father Lamb, Broth
er Dominic. John Leary. Arthur Olsen.
Thomas Egan, James Renny, Thomas Kel
ly, Shirley Ward. Edward Cag&ldy.
Charles Watson. Joseph Walsh, Charles
Daniels, John White. George UTiite.
Tonv Gray, Terry McKeon, James Mc-
Gushin, Joe Egan. Frank Rhodes, Louis
Young, John McKeon. Thomas Kenny.
Harold McLaughlin, Ed McKenna, Frank
Gavin.
A "surprise blue luncheon" was given by
the young ladies of the art department.
City of Paris, to the manager, Miss A. M.
Lehnert, on Tuesday, July 31. it being
the anniversary of her birth. The large
and brightly illuminated parlors were
most beautifully decorated with frajjrant
blue flowers of all descriptions. The walls,
tables and chairs were festooned with blue
drapes and flowers. A skilled chef sent
the sumptuous dinner. Altogether the
event was declared a most enjoyable and
successful one. Among those present were:
Miss A. Lehnert. Miss T. Kohn. Miss N.
A. Ryan, Miss L. Jan?en. Miss M. Comer
ford, Miss E. Johnson, William Rainy,
Mr. Fey. Mr. Graf. G. Kelly, George Karr.
George Wallson.
A genuine Mexican barbecue was given
by the members of the Owls Outing Club
on July 27 in the mountains of Fairfax.
The table was beautifully decorated with
ferns and evergreens and the delicious re
past was partaken of by all. Several
snapshots were taken of the club mem
bers and their surroundings. Those pres
ent were: H. Lieb; W. Boardman, L.
Bosia, A- Fornerls, Michael Spinetti. J.
Lynch: Misses Carrie Lieb, Hazel Spin
etti, Genevieve Josephs. Jennie Clark,
Florence Sutton, Mrs. MarkB. Mrs. H.
Lieb, Mr?. Garkee and Mr?. E. Joseph.
The regular monthly meeting of th«
Native Sons of Vermont was held on Fri
day evening, August 3, at Odd Fellows'
Hall. There was a large and fashionable
audience and dancing followed the fol
lowing excellent programme: Overture,
Delleplane's orchestra: violin solo, Gladys
Munroe: bass solo. A. N. Meals; son?.
Miss Helen Merrill of the Tivoli Opera
Company: specialties, B. I. Rarnett;
eonff. Sentinel quartet: vocal duet.
'"Neath the Stars" (Goring). Miss Ethel
Stuart and C. Edwards: the Leavys In a
laughable Ekit entitled "K^egan'p Do
mestic Bli?s," Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Leavy
of the Alcazar.
A very Interesting entertainment was
given by the Colonials to their many
friends on the "evening at home" Tues
day, July 24. The programme of the even
ing was as follows: Miss Hazel Johnston
and Mr. Waterman, mandolin duet;
vocal solo by W. C. Hanke. accompanied
by Miss L. Johnson; recitation, "Brown,
Get Your Hair Cut," by Miss Irene Walsh;
piano solo, by Miss L. Johnson, and a
fancy dance by Miss Juliet Turpln. Danc
ing was indulged in for several hours,
during which time refreshments were
served.
Club Parties.
A very enjoyable icecream party was
given by Miss Emma Pausmann on Sun»
day evening, July 22. at h*r residenoe. 410
Bay ptreet. Among those present were:
Jess>e Behreris, Gua Mehrtens, Alvln E.
Ehrenfort, George Wellbrock, Henry
Behlmer, Henry W'essel, George B?»t
horn, Theodore Fuendeling. Fred Bruse.
Miss Johanna Asehmann, Mis»s Gertrude
Mehrtens Miss Mathilda Mues and Miss
Lizzie Blli.
A farewell dinner was tendered James
Mierson by his friends last Thursday
evening In a downtown rotisserle. Seated
at the banquet boa.rd were Charles Boas,
Adolph Baas, Charles Dufticy, Joe Zirker,
Ned Oliver, Al Miner, Nat C. Cohen and
the gu^st of honor. Speeches were deliv
ered and an excellent musical programme
rendered. Mr. Mierson departed the fol
lowing day for th<- south to visit his rela
tives and take a deserved rest.
refreshments were served. Those present
v.ere: Captain and Mrs. Anderson. Mrs.
Jacobson. Mr. Burke. Mr. and Mrs. N.
Beck, Miss Hazel Anderson, Mrs. W. E.
Anderson, George Anderson, the Misses
Mattle Farrls, Julia Moller. Blanche Con
lin, Mav Lay ton, Mamie Duggan, Rose
Smith, Rose Bell, Anna Lacy. Mary E.
Waters, Mrs. Emma Schofleld, Mrs. S. P.
Daggert, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ehlert. E3
SiebreBt, Will Moller. Lou H. Moller, Will
Johnson. C. M. Bell and L. B. Daggert.
A most enjoyable and pleasant surprise
party was tendered to Miss Nellifi Barrett
by her many friends at the residence of
her parents, 13 Elgin Park, on Saturday
evening, July 28. Among those pres
ent were Miss Nellie. Barrett, Miss Ida
Sullivan, Miss Flospie de Haven. Dr. C.
F. McCarthy, Miss Carrie Linden, Miss
Gertrude McCulloch. William Garrey,
Miss Bessie Gay. P. II. Hibv. Tonie Mull
er. Eugene Emmel, Mips Mae McCulloch,
Miss Alice Barrett, Will Conway. John
IJttle, Charles Quintiro, George Linder,
Miss Nellie Corbet. C. O. Lane. Miss F.
Sullivan. C. Hiby. Will Blasse, Miss
Bertha Linder, Chris G. Counter. JoBeph
O'Brien. C. Brown. Martin Blaise. J. J.
Sullivan. Will Barrett, Will Valencia.
Otto Marx.
bert, George A. Earle, Arthur Machen.
From San Rafael— Mrs. F. V. Smith.
SKAGGS SPRINGS— The following
guests are registered at Skajrgs Hot
bprlngs, Sonoma County: 'E. F. Tway and
wife. Joseph. Hoene, Slg Cohen, A. Jarvie,
Miss 8. S. Jarvie, Mrs. J. D wight Scovel.
Mrs. George S. Scovol, E. D.-Mendell, Miss
Sara Marks, Mr. and Mrs. Ed I. Wheeler,
>v. L. Martin, wife, two children and
nurse; W. B. Bush. Hnlvln Jacobsen. Mrs.
Thomas Murphy, Kathleen J. Murphy,
Mrs. Fannie E. Buckland, Miss Selena
Seller, MrB. S. C. Hall. Dr. S. Clary. Mrs.
Joseph Nesbett, Arline Nesbett. Earl Nes
bett, Mrs. E. J. Neal, Thomas Flanders,
Mrs. John S. Adams. James B. Smith,
Lawrence J. Dwyer, Peter J. Curtiss. Dr.
J. C. Anthony, Joseph F. Mogan, Miss
Mary Mogan. B. Glass, wife and child;
J. P. Thorn, Harry Oppenheimer, Mr. and
Mrs. • P. Donnelly, Mrs. T. Skerrett and
son, Mrs. B. Do'nnelly, ¦ S. J. Fleishman,
Andre Roae, San Francisco; J. H. Hughes,
wife and two children; Mrs. I. Kennedy.
Miss Campbell, Mrs. E. J. Barrett, Miss
Gladys Coffin. Mrs. Charles H. Lowell,
Miss Tilla Lowell, Mrs. Kreyanhagen,
Oakland; W. P. Taylor, K O. Hughes.
Son Rafael; J. L». Gist, J. T. Grace. Paul
Coulter, Santa Rosa; B. C. Clancy, Theo
J. Morrell, W. L. McCray, Cloverdale:
Abe Marks, Melville- Rosenberg, Miss
Myrtle A. Rosenberg, Miss Stella L. Ros
enberg, E. C. Bates, Ben H. Barnes. T, M.
Menlhan, Healdsburg; Mrs. F. Binder,
Miss H. Binder, Mrs. A. D. Carvill. Ala
meda: Miss M. E. McLean. Masters Rob
bio, Tlnsley and Arthur McLean, Modesto;
Frank J. Hofleng and wife, Haywards;
Mrs. Hamilton Otis, Miss Flora Otis. Mlra
Vista Ranch; J. A: Anderson, Crockett;
O. P. Wilson and wife. Cincinnati.
PASO ROBLES— Arrivals during the
past week at Paso Robles Include: J. G.
Burton. Jules Coblentz, Charles C. Huff,
William B. Forman, Mr. and Mrs. Schuss
ler. Park Fellows, R. W. MartinofT. A. F.
Baumgartner, Fred S. Cox, John Millzner,
Charles F. Tay, Mrs. M. II. Hecht, Mrs.
C. W. Holden, L. Klau, A. Herman, C.
O. Anderson, R. J. Kerr. B. B. Roberts.
L*-on Loupe, J. W. Bassford. J. S. Green. j
William Pope, H. S. Weaver, Edward
O'Keefe, Wllllnm Boyle, J. G. Burton, h.
Kallsky, A, M. Posner. A. D. Wunder,
George L. Colburn. D. A. Mendenhall, J.
C. Bothin and daughter, A. D. Dugan, A.
CALIFORNIA SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at California Springs
during the past week: From San Fran
cisco—Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Wollner, Misa
Jeannette Wollner. Mr. and Mrs. F. J.
Crowley, Harry Flood, W. G. Hare, J. W.
Hogan, Leo Cooper. Otto Kraft, Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Dixon, Mr. and Mrs. J. Wein
berger, Miss Marie Sorbier, L. H. Bar
rlcks and son. D. J. Bonsfleld. Mrs. M.
Barrett. Mrs. E. Myrlck. C. M. Myrlck.
Dr. B. M. Birdsell. Dr. D. Maclean, Dr.
R. J. Schmledel, Miss Alice Slebert. Miss
M. M.. Smith. From Santa Rosa— W. F.
Price. From Sonoma— Dr. G. D. Rich, Dr.
A- A. Gutelman.
GILROY SPRINGS— The i following
guests registered at Gllroy Springs during
the past week: -From San Francisco— J.
F. Nolan. L. Nolan, Professor Williams,
George Siebe. Carl Cook. Misa Smith. C.
V. Baker, E. Humphreys, Julius P. Perry,
William Coleman and wife. R. A. Curran,
Nellie McGrath, C. E. Fredericks, Mrs.
H. Hyde. William Hyde. William E.
Schord, Robert Schord. Gordon Griffith
and wife, Frank McGrayan, Nell Car
michael, I. McShane, D. E. Baxter and
wife and son, Mrs. J. B. Jones, J. C. Park
er, R. Dona and wife. Mrs. Lewis; from
San Jose — Joseph Jacqulln. Mrs. R. Dono
van, P. Wall, Fred Schwlenger. C. H.
Shumate, Barney. Taylor; from Hollister —
Mrs. John Garcia. Belle Garcia; from Sar
gent—Mrs. J. A. Sargent, Alias E. Sargent:
fiom San Diego— Mrs. S. Simpson; from
New York— R. J. Trimble: from Palo Alto
— G. Laumeister; from Oakland — R. Cur
ran; from Gllroy— Miss Ella Regan. D. P.
Regan, S. W. Kllpatrick. Howard Willey,
Dr. John C. Boone, Jack Clark, Ethel E.
Patton, George Dunlap.
VENDOME-Arrlval* at Hotel Ven
dome Include; W. H. Davenport, Miss
Helen Davenport. 8. E. Epler, W. H.
Kins. C. Hlckrhott and ' wife. W. W.
Campbell, Paul Bunker, Mrs. J. K. Firth,
Mrs. Joseph L. Epplnger, Mrs. F. 8.
Mitchell, Miss Rosa Morris, Miss Dannen
baum. J. J. Gottlob. D. W. Graves. John
B. Jeffery, T. C. Shankland. T. H. Acker
man, M. O. Frank, F. E. Webb, William
M. Sheldon, Mrs. J. Everding, Miss E.
Everding, \V. T. Farrar, J. G. Pat ton,
Mrs. George J. Bucknall, Mrs. Charles
Tay, John F. Merrill. Mrs. John F. Mer
rill, Mrs. S. A. Wood, H. M. A. Miller, C.
A. Miller, M. I. Cahn, Major J. D. Hall,
Edward L. AVood, W. H. Kline and wife,
Louis Meyerstein. William Alvord,
Charles M. Keeney. Edward J. Ackerman,
C. P. Hall, II. L.. Middleton and wife, Mrs.
M. S. Haln, S. D. Leudecker and wife, A.
W. Foster, Hon. E. F. Loud. Mrs. J. J.
Callundan, J. R. K. Nuttall, John H. Cos
tlgan, Edward B. Heineman, Thur
low McMullen, Dr. J. W. Keeney and
wife and two children, J. H. Martinez,
Rosa del C. Martinez. Rosalina Giron,
L. L. Shannon, Dr. J. H. Hatch and wife,
J. F. McCarthy. H. H. Kirk. Ivan Tread
well, Charles M. Rankin, Samuel Bibo, E.
B. Lamson, Horace V. Scott. L. Bien, J.
B. Lanck. S. H. Chase, M. C. Leventrftt.
Henry P. Diamond and wife. Allen G.
Freeman, San Francisco: Mrs. Duncan
and two children, Mlsa Prlester, F. Cut
ting and wife. Dr. S. W. Dennis, Miss
Lucile M. Dennis, J. H. Lawrence, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Sutton, Miss Carmian
Sutton, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. A. Rob
inson and family, Mrs. II. S. Kobinson,
Miss J. S. Gay, Mis§ E. Gay. Frank B.
Auerbach. Honolulu; Professor Joseph E.
Keeler. Mrs. J. E. Keeler, W. H. Wright,
W, W. Campbell. Mt. Hamilton: Colonei
E. G. Wheeler, Mrs. John Kelly and maid.
Miss Kelly, John Jerome Kelly, Mr. and
Mrs. Siegel. Miss Anna Glllig. Mrs. H.
Uhl, Oswald W. Uhl, A. C. Kennedy and
wife, E. W. De Lean. Charles A. Hedden,
New York; Mrs. Leigh Richmond Smith,
Miss Isabel Smith, Mrs. C. C. Morse, Miss
Stella Morse, Mr. and Mrs. Lester L.
Morse, Santa Ciara; J. Bulifant, John A.
Wood, Miss Darthula Miller. Mies Mar
garet Dale, Philadelphia: Louis Francia
Urown and wife, Boston; Mrs. Helen S.
Meade, Tucson, Ariz.; C. J. Titus and
wife, Walter A. Clark, Mountain View;
Joseph Vertin, P. Ruppe,. Joseph Ruppe,
Michigan.
THE GEYSERS— Among those who reg
istered during the' past week at the Gey
sers were: Louis Lefevre; Charles Le
fevre, \V. Ring, J. Chcrwood. L.. Leben
bauni, P. Noble, M.D., Inez Cook, Alice
Couk, It. Swan, Mrs. B. Noble, Joseph
Oliver. J. Patterson, B. Dougherty, O.
Artlgues, M. Andlchon and wife. Miss E.
H. Horton, Mrs. M. Walker. Dr. George
Hlilels. Mr. and Mrs. Gugginbaum. Charles
Shlels, Miss C. Sacks, Miss H.
Sacks, Mrs. Coleman, Mrs. F. Buck
land, Mrs. C. Achee, Miss S. Lelter, Peter
Zack. Mrs. L. Morrlss, Miss J. Hartwlck.
M. C. Grace, G. Bertman, Mr. Dusenbery
and family, San Francisco; H. Black,
Geyservllle; J. Reed, Cloverdale; F. Lar
dee, Los Gatos; R. Dalzlel, Miss A. Care.
Oakland; A. Jansen, Pottavllle, Pa.; Miss
Showfle, Healdebure; A. Faught, Potts
vllle, Paj Mr. and Mrs. Kaiser, Miss
Kaiser, Stockton, M. Dagnan and wife,
Santa Rosa; K. Barry, A. Pierce, J.
Pierce, Oakland; O. Brandon. J. Holtogr.
Vallejo.
McHenry and sons. Miss D. E. Bennett;
from Santa Cruz— Henry Willey; from
Klamath Falls^-C. H. Wlthrcrw.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
34
Mrs. James P. Overton of San Francisco.
SOCIETY
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes ar* r»rr.c-w*>\ bv
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho«
bulMlngr. 1K0 Market itreet. cor. Taylor. room»
23-29. with the electric needle without pala or
? car. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p. m.
What the World's Greatest Serpentine Dancer.
LOIE FULLER,
Eaya about the Skin Food and Tissue Builder.
BRAHMAN .
TOILET CREAM: &Jf&X&>
"1 certainly can recorn- , JS!4rV>{*2&fo
mend your delightful £^£&3~ii&>£
Brahman To!l-t Cream 1 *^' " So?
as the best thing Tor Its V>S3>3^*8*5^*
purpose I have ever SKS _y
used." Price, ISc. Brah- mm. ~n£ft**t
man Tooth Powder. 2ic. l ,Wib^^m&2'
All drucxlsts and at r^9QaK%
A. W. Traverse. M. D. ¦-¦**~~m*=- 1 r~
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's j
Hair I
I "^y j
! Actaally Restores GRAY OR FADED Hair to j
[ its youthful looks la TOUR DAYS. Not a dye. \
! Is pleasant to use. $1 a bottle, all drug- :
> gists. 1 FREE treatment to all purchasers. •
| MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, j
! Dermatologist. 78-80 Qeary St.5.F. j
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—oy the—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF TH.KJ—
PALATINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAXCIIESTEH. K2»OI«ANT>. OU THB
31st day of December. A. D. 1S99, and for th»
year endlnar on that day. a$ mada to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
61» and «U of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgage* $ &\C00 M
Canh* market value of all stocks aad
bonds owned by the company J.»7«,8S* M
Cash In rompany*s office 13.J23 94
Cash In banks 1S7.473 13
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 8S0 90
Premium's In due course of collection 8W.243 24
Total assets ?.^...^^^ t >..^t3.«S7.Tn 33
LIABILITIES. : ===
lio»»es adjusted and unpaid —...i a «6J Tf
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense *» 511 91
Losses resisted. Including expense*.. U S04 34
Gross premiums on flre risfcs running
one year or less. $1,937,923 44: re-
insurance 50 per cent S9S.9"*3 Tl
Gross premlnma on flre rtsics running
more than one year, Sl.10O.Jrr 84; re-
insurance pro rata ...;. Mn tt
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc • gj, tt
All other demands acalnst the com-
' P 311 * — - 124.444 tt
Total llabUltle* .... .I3.Q39.S69 Tl
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premtums » 1ST Ml St
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortjrajres S.J88 o»
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources as_Ma r*
Received for profit on sale of se-
curt 11 *' r.430 85
• Total Income .<2.«13.»37 94 W
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $?*3.321 03, losses of pre-
vious years> $1.550 5-15 97
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 517.W3 W
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13T.S41 91
Paid for State, national and local
taxes «0,018 IS
All other payments and expenditures 103,816 53
Total expenditures ..J2.3O.94i (2
Losses Incurred during the year, flre. . $1.437. 502
Risks and Premiums. IFlre Risks. Premtums.
Net amount of risks*
written during the!
year 1289.433,34: *!.924.3fX> 9«
Net amount of • risks!
expired during the!
year 241.784.26S 1474.920 S3
Net amount In force De-|
cember 31. 1*99 | 309.S75.303 X.tm.231 23
WM. WOOD. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this {3d
day of January. W*. ,
E. S. INXET, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPABTMENT,
Principal Office— 439 California St.,
J SAN FRANCISCO. . J
CHAS. A. LAT0N, Manager. *
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
»»»sciwacea«8»»eow9aMoeo9aoe3^^
Dry Goods Company.
CLOAKlNOSUlTDEP'T.
...FALL I90O...
NEW STYLES JUST ARRIVED OF
High-Grade Ladies' Tailor Suits,
Golf Suits and Golf Skirts,
Dress Skirts, Jackets
and Capes!
Mnd the most Complete* Line* of
Fur Neckwear and Fur Jackets!
Dalanco of Spring Stock Of
LADIES' TAILOR SUITS, JACKETS AND CAPES
On Sale it
GREATLY REDUCED PRICES!
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SB. Comer Geary and Stockton Straota, San Franoboo.
UNION SOUrtRE. .
HAIR Vi »' V* W
ONJHE'% \f*)/
PERMANENTLY #£?
¦.REMOVED. _^V/f
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
Sold Under a Guarantee to Remova
Superfluous Hair and Also Prevent its'
Growth.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
July 2S, 1900.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE. 838
. ' Market- street.
This Is to certify that I used the electric
needle nt a Brcat expense, but It Increased the
prowth of hair . to a considerable extent. I
thrn hpgan the use of the 11. H. B. English
Caramel with entirely satisfactory results. Re-
spectfully. HISS M. REEL). 124 Fulton at.
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR
permanently removes blackheads and reduces
the pores of the skin.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Touth and Beauty pre-
served hy uslnc this marvel of the age.- Keeps
the fkln. smooth, white and pliable. ,
ELITE FACE POWDER— This powder is
chemically pure and Is a prevention for super-
fluous hair, - • ' '. "
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff,
rtlniulntes the scalp, produces a quick growth
and makes the hair eoft and bright.
Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Regular physician in attendance.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
?3S MARKET STREET. . ' .
Halrdresslng, 25c: manicuring. 25c; shampoo-
_ ing, 25c; facial massage and steaming.
HNITH 6REHM M^^^^^}g
Paints the Blushes ' ~~~~ 9^O^^>, c^^j/n^'
of Perfect Health A "igjPlfpf
by a Magical, yet common sense trans- >3'I> W ' <^P^ : N2^^ ''' y^^^v
formation. Anita Crfarn is neither £5T^/tff jMyiXW) s
paint, powder or bleach, but is a medi- (j\^n\^J^r\^y
cinal preparation which cures discolor- %~=A If " x^fi^^" S &
2tions by removing them in the only *"»*' VL^y^ J y^£? )^
thoroughly satisfactory manner known "7 — %^~~*~\
to science. It actually removes the Outer, discolored cuticle in small dust-like
p.-.rtides and causes a new, transparent skin to appear. The treatment isn-ith-r
d;stiguri:ig or inconvenient. It is a sure cure for Tan,-Freck!es/ Moth and Liver
Patches, Muddiness and all skin discolorations. .
FREE SAMPLE If you cannot oM«!n Anltt Cream of yonr druireist. send 50c «o us for a fall
*,-.. be T.,ne. «o .ny .Wre^for^ic^SF**™ "* ln$truetl °" «•»«¦** - «"*«' M-pto>
Axita Cream & Toiiet Co. 237 FranVHn St.. Los Angtles, Cal. ~"Well," replied the boy. "I was just
about to po In when I saw on th«» door
plate his name. 'Dr. X.' and belaw It '10 to
1.' When I saw that I said to myself. "I'll
lie hanped If I take any 5uch risks as
that" So I went two doors further and
saw anotherplate with 'Dr. Y,' and below
It '3 to 5.' The odds were shorter and I
went to him."
-A- stable lacl was taken ill. and a friend
gave him the address of a doctor to whom
to go. The lad came back shortly and re
ported progress.
."t've got some medicine." said he. "but
I'm blowed If I went to that doctor of
yours'."
"Why?" asked the friend.
Odds in Office Hours.
Morning — "SouL" All Invited.
Morning— "Jesus Christ the ~ Word." Even
ing—"Waiting for Christ."
Morntns— "Meditations." Evening— N'o ser
vices.
Morning— Re». Burt Eetes Howard of Stan
ford will preach. Evening— No services.
Morning— "The Religious State of the
Jew?." Evening— "Th« Redemption of
Israel.".: v.- >,
Momlne— • The Privilege O f Possession "
Kversmg— ' Obstacles Removed."
Morning-Preaching by the pastor r v ™
Morning-Rev. R. Day of Syracuse Univer
sity. X. V. will preart. Evenln)r-"Th B
Touchstone of a Good Religion"
1111 * by the wtOT - E ™"-
Morning— "The Prerent Dutv " r,-« n i r ,
"The Tonne Man', Buffi, Uf>." '"*"
*• En-.mar.u^l lia-tls-t. ilartlett rtreet. near
». Twenty-third— Rev. J. <J«-^rg<: Gicson.
?
V Firet BfiEti«=t. KASr street, between Jones
I* and Ix-avenworth— R»v. E. A. Woods.
i> Et Mary'* CathedrsJ, Van Ness avenue and
> O'Farre'.l ftreet— P-ev. rather Prer.der
> gajst. V. O.
> Et Mary'e. California and Dupont streets —
> PauUtt Fathers.
>
> - — _
, Et. Ignatius. Ver. Nees ever.ue end Haj-ee
, «treet — 3mi\t Kathern.
• Richmond Congrfga.tlor.al. corner Seventh
h avenue, and Cl^mer.t strec-t— ltev. Philip
», Coombe.
>• Third Congregational. Fifteenth etreet, near
V Mission— Rrv. William IUA*r.
I
t> First Cor.gregstlcr.al. mra»r Pert an ,j n a .
fc. »on Hreets— Rev. George C. Adam*.
(, , ____
» Olivet Conrreffatlonai. Pevente^nth anj Noe
r street*— Rev. H. T. Ehej»ard.
b Trinity Episcopal, corner Bu.«h ani Oough
|> ftr^ets— Kev. Frederick W. Clarr.pett.
. ¦ ¦ — —
» Et. Luke's. Van Nesa avenue a_id Oar
» street.
i. F"irrt Engllrt Lutheran. Oesry rtreet. he
t tween Kr&nklSn and Gough— Hev. E. N*.
i lander.
» California Street M. E., comer California
? and Brcxl»rlrk rtre*t«— Rev. A. C. B«r.e.
» S:mi«on Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
f ciianan — Rev. John Stephens.
: Richmond MethMirt. Fourth avenue, be
? tween Point Lobes avenue and Clement
» »treet— Rev. A. E. tTlrlcli.
» Howard Street M. E.. between Eecond and
» Third— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
i » Potr^ro M. E.. Tenne**#e etreet. near Solaao
L '¦ —Rev. S. M. Woodward.
» Trinity Method:**, corner Market. Sixteenth
» and Noe streets — Kev. Tneo. II. Wood
? varrl. ; ¦
i EpT»-r,rth M. V... corner Church and Twen
» ty-»>lxth Btreets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
? Grace M. E.. comer Twenty-first and Capp
• street*— Rev. J. N. Beard.
» Firrt M. E., Powell etreet, near Washlng
• ton— Rev. W. S. Urroy.
» Central Meth^xJiet. Mission street, between
» fcixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsln
k pllier.
» Calvary Preibrterian. corner Powell and
» G*ary streets— Rev. John Hemphlil.
» First t>.lted Presbyterian, comer Golden
» Oate »vtmi» an* I'cst street— Rev. II. II. ;
» BelL
» Mizpah Prpst.rrerlan. Harrison etreet, near i
» Fifth— Rev. M. Bereovltz.
t Ftewart Memorial. Guerrero Ftnwt. near
. Ttwnty-thlrd— Rev. \v. E. Dugan.
» First Church of Chrlrt, Z3 Eutter irtreet, j
. between Kearnv and Grant avenue— The
i Bible and Science and HeaJth, With Key
» to the Scriptures.
• Klrrt Unitarian, south wej>t corner Osarv and
• / PYanklln rtreetn— Rev. Bradford 'l«eavltt.
• L"n'.!ar!an. corner Capp and Twectl
•' "b etreets— Rev. E. M. S. Hoggin.
M |n™-&m r e r * aChln * ** the pa8tor ' Even-
011 '"^ by the stor - Even "
M iH?i7i^** chln|f by the *"' tor - F - v «-
O n r r lr 2~" T !T romln * Kingdom." Even
£a"ve»."* l " ance : »'"non. "Nothing But
M |r"r!ls^e reaChIn8: b> ' the P" 101 "' **«"*>-
M^rri;ng--The Two Chief Apostles of Our
t'« . + K , v «i'' r -r-"The Holy of Hollea In
la« Temple of Truth."
M 1 ° r r^| n 5-"The i Forward Movement." Even-
Morning— "Jn the Mount of TransflRura
tlon. Evening— "The Career of a Fa«t
ioung Man."
Morning— Preaching by the rector. Evening
— Same.
Mnrr-ir.i?— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ir.e—N'o fenicei.
Morning:— "The Mind of Chrlet." Evening—
"A New Commandment."
Morr.lni?— "A Plan of Bal\-atlon." Evening
— Sfrmr.n by the pastor.
Morr.ing-Pacrament of th- Lord's Supper
and reception of members. Evening— "An
archy the Shadow on the World."
Morning— Rev. F. Vemon Jones will preach.
Evening— > Tne Beauty of the World."
Mornlnjr— Feast of Pt. Ignatius; solemn high
ma««; »p*rlnl music and eermon. Even-
Irg— Solemn ve*per«.
Mornlni— Sermon at 11 o'clock maw by one
of the Fathers. Evening— Vespers and
sermon.
Morninr-Ffrmrm at 11 o'clock mafts by Rev
Father O'Ryan. Evening— \>sp<?M and
Borrncn by Very Rev. J. J. Prender?aat.
Morning— "G<wl Sees T.'s . When Alone."
Evening-— Permon by Rev. Mr. Boynton.
Morning-Preaching by Rev. M. P. Boynton.
Evening— Sermon by the paator; organ n-
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
for the Jewel of Honor, had several can
didates at its last held meeting and Har
inany Lodge initiated twelve at its last
held meeting. » f
Magnolia is in line for honors and at its
next meeting will have three candidates
to initiate.
Franklin Lodge at its meeting last Fri
day night Initated three canddates and
had a pleasant tme in celebration of the
twenty-second anniversary of Its institu
tion. There were present a large number
oi the members of the San Francisco ex
tension committee and several of the
grand officers.
Valley 'Lodge has arranged for a stag
party to he given in Its iodgeroom on the
night of the 29th inst. The grand officers
have been Invited to be present and an
excellent programme wij! be presented.
The San Francisco extension committee
is arranging for a grand open meeting to
be held in one of the large halls in thi*
city. The programme of this event will
Foon be announced.
Forget-mc-nut Lodge of the Degree of
Honor held a meeting last week and it
prowd tn be one of the most pleat-ant
gatherings of the order that has been
held in this city for a long time. E. A.
Freeman, grand overseer, was Initiated
as a member of the lodge and there were
present a number of grand officers of the
A. O. U. W. and members from the lodg«
in Los Gatos. There were interesting ad
dresses by the grand overseer. Grand Re
corder Spencer. Grand Lecturer Barnes
and vocal music.
The various lodge? of the order are
making arrangements for the proper ob
servance of the silver jubilee of the order
in California.
The Native Sons.
The smoker that was given by Stanford
Parlor on last Tuesday night was one of
the most successful affairs of the kind
that has ever been given by this par
lor. The attendance was large, the col
lation and cigars wore excellent and the
programme was very entertaining. The
following was the programme: Ed Moore
and \V. Mahonev. coon specialties: Billy
Finnic, solo; Frank I.enehan. piano solo;
Alex F. Williams, specialties; Harry
Brown, character song: Clark McFarland.
monologue: Billy O'Brien, ballad; George
Hammersmith, specialties; ('. Wales,
whistling solo; Professor Holdredge, elec
tric club swinging; Phil Eiselman, vocal
solo; Harry Niemann. specialties; Peter
Dunworth, tenor solo; Thomas Hickey.
recitation; boxing contest, between Al
Ncill and Vlcinl: boxing contest between
"Doc" Flynn and Ed Toy; boxing con
test between Thomas and Brocco. The af
fair was managed by the entertainment
committee, of which Bruce Cornwall Is
chairman.
The Native Daughters.
The Installation of the officers of Darina
Parlor, the parlor of beautiful girls of
the Western Addition, of which a local
notice appeared last Tuesday, was one
of the attractive installations of the term.
It was held in the hall of King Solomon
Lodge. Free and Accepted Masons, which
by courtesy of the members of that body
was placed at the disposal of the iadit*.
It was beautifully decorated with ever
greens and flowers and was crowded to
its limit with the members and their
friends. After the installation and the
presentation of an American silk rlag ;o
the parlor there was the presentation of
a cut-glass rose jar and boudoir mirror to
Mrs. Minnie Kallock. the retiring past
president, who did much, as president and
past president, to advance the parlor and
make it the popular one that it is. Then
followed a short programme of entertain
ment and dancing. Those who contributed
to the enjoyment of the evening were:
George Hammersmith, Mr. William?. Mr.
Krazer and M. Moore, the tirfct named
giving specialties and the others favoring
with vocal selections.
The following named are the officers of
Golden State Parlor No. 50, who have been
Installed for the current term: Miss G.
Schade. P. P.: Miss Mathilde Ducker. P.;
Miss L. Wedel. Mrs. M. Radebold and
Miss G. Peterson. V. Ps. ; Miss Johanna
Meyer, R. S. (sixteenth term); Mi«s R.
Day, F. S. (sixth term): Miss L. Uhlig,
T. (second term): Miss Mane Ducker, M.
(second term); Mrs. B. Dennhey, 1. S. ;
Miss L. Hayessen. O. S. : Misses F. von
•Btaden, M. Maguire and M. Tietjen. trus
tees (eighth term). This parlor has been
moving along in a quiet, harmonious way
and is one of the most sociable m the
order at this time.
At the last hekl meeting of Las Lomas
Parlor the following named officers were
installed for tho current term by Miss,
Mae McRae. assisted by a fulj corps ol
acting grand officers: Hlanche' Conli. P.
P.: Mattie Farris. I'.; May Layton, Anna
Lacy and Lucy Reincke. V. Ps.; Rosa M.
Bell. R. S.; Emma lirieling, F. 6.: Rose
Smith, M.; M. E. Waters. T.; Mrs. A.
Driscoll. Mrs. S. P. Daggett and Mrs. E.
Schoefield." trustees; "Mary, Heigel. I. S.;
Mary Harp. O. S. After the ceremony of
installation there was a complimentary
address to the retiring past president and
the presentation of a bunch of American
Beauties. Then followed an ' icecream
collation and a social hour, during which
all enjoyed themselves amazingly. Mrs.
Gussie Anderson, who was a trustee of
the parlor and one of the most active
workers, has removed to Los Angeles.
The Native Daughters of this city are
arranging to secure headquarters in whlcli
to receive the Native Daughters from the
Interior during the celebration days.
Improved Order of Red Men.
The social that was given last -week by
Pocahontas' Council of the Degree of Po
cahontas. Improved Order of Red Men.
was well attended and was a delightful
function that was enjoyed by all. It was
under the management of Mrs. A. M.
Bliss, Miss B. Gutstadt, Mrs. J. AUiman.
M. T. Alllman and F. Zenettl.
Last Monday evening Blazing Arrow
Tribe gave a smoker in its wigwam. It
was attended by a large number of the
members and their paleface friends.
Chairman of the Evening Kelly intro
duced those who were on hand to enter
tain, the programme consisting of music,
songs, recitations and vocal music by the
Hawaiian band; also long and short talks
by those who are up in Redmanship.
There was a generous supply of corn,
venison and smoking material. Among
the speakers were: Porter L. Bliss, G.
C. of R. ; Henry A. Case, P. G. S.; J. H.
Hutaff, D. D. G. S., and James Bayes.
P. 6.
During the past week Yopemite and
Manzanita Tribe each adopted a pale
face.
Montezuma Tribe had degree work last
Tuesday, and at its next meeting it will
work In the adopticn degree.
Last Thursday evening Modoc Tribe re
ceived a visit from one of its members
who has been absent from the city for
some time— Charles F. Burgman, past
great sachem and ex-great chief of rec
ords. The visitor, who is here from Flor
ida for the. purpose of attending the ses-
Blon of the Great Council of California,
was received with a warm welcome, and
those present listened with a great deal
of attention to the words of w-Isdom he
spoke. v .
Next Tuesday the Great Council will
meet in the Post-street wigwam, and it
will be the largest gathering of repre
sentative Red Men that has been held
in this city for many a great sun.
Knights of Pythias.
C. F. McGlashan of Truckee, brigadier
general of the Uniform Rank of the
Knights of Pythias, has tendered his
resignation. A strong effort is being made
to elect H. R. Arndt of this city, the
Junior past .grand chancellor, as his
successor. ,
The thirtieth anniversary dinner of
Myrtle Lodge last week was one of "the
swellest" atfalrs that this lodge has ever
given. The dinner was served in one of
the first-class rotiBseries, and there were
present about forty ladies and gentlemen.
C. \V. Nevlns was the toast master. There
were responses to toasts, serious and
humorous, by H. R. Arndt. junior past
grand chancellor; A. K. Stevens: T. J.
Crowley P. G. C: George Samuels, P. G.
C; W. A, Richardson: Mrs. Llllie Sam
uels. G. S. C. of the grand temple of the
Rathbone Sisters, and Herman fechaffner,
O. K. of R. and S.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The officers of Bay City Lodge were
installed by Deputy Mrs. Qultzow after
the council had added to Its membership
roll by initiation. .„.---"" ~ '
The officers of Aurora Lodge were In
stalled in. due form for the current term.
The principal officers are: Mrs. L. J.
Wheelock. past protector; W. C. Hern,
protector; Carrie Blackmore, vice presi
dent: Llllie B. Holcomb," recording secre
tary: Lizzie A. Rapp, financial secretary
Dr. A. S. Cook, treasurer, and Sarah Da
vidson, conductor.
On the evening of the 27th of July Dep
uty Grand Protector Hahn Installed the
officers of Martha Lodge in public In the
The Odd Fellows.
Last Tuesday evening the officers of
CVildey and Unity encampments were
loiutly installed by Grand Patriarch Jo
seph Foster In the presence of a large
number cf members of the order, includ
r.g many grand officers of the subordinate
Hid encampment branches. The encamp
ment was closed after the Installation
-eremenies, after which the members and
he grai:d officers became the guests of
ma of the members of Wlldev Encamp
¦ner.t and were escorted to the banquet
-.all !n Odd Fellows' building. wh«?r<? ail
:-r.joy*a or.e of the most delightful ban
paets given there In many years. Much
?3od fer-l-.r.R was displayed and a hearty.
R-holt-souled fratfrnal feeling prevailed.
As one of the guests said: "It was ahead
nf anything in that line I have attended
n ynars, and I have attended a great
mar.y fraternal gatherings." The raem
ben were entertained with speeches and
sorigs until a late hour. There were ad
3re«se8 by Grand Patriarch Foster. Past
Jrand Patriarchs J. W. Harris I.. W. S.
Downs and J. Crosett. Grand Scribe
Barnes. Grand Master W. W. Watson.
E'asr 'Jrand Master Davis I^.u^erback.
Lirand Secretary Shaw, General H. O.
Brower and Captain C. II. Kornb"ck.
Grand Master Watson has announced
the. following official visitations: August
10. Brooklyn Lodge at You H«t; 11. Donner
Ixitico at Truckee; 13. Mountain Vale
I>o<5fT* mx «5ierra Valley; 14. Mohawk Lodge
et Johnsvllle; 16. Scepter Lodge at Sierra
Cltv; 17. Sierra Lodge at Dowr.ieville. and
IS. Mistletoe Lodpe at Alleghany. During
the early part of September the grand
matter expects to pav visits to the Re
tf-kar. Ixxlge at BloomfieM. Sonoma
County, ar.d Woodland Lodge in Yolo
County en official business.
GrnziA Patriarch Foster is on a tour of
official visitations as follows: August 2
fc» was at West Coast. XJendocino County.
t<n the 4th p.t Fort Bragg, on the 6th he
will be at P^ir.t Arena and on the Sth
irith Go'flen West Encampment at Colusa.
Templar I>o<Jge will have two candidates
to initiate on the Jfith Jr.st. Parker Lodge
!r.!tiat<»<1 three at the meeting last Tues-
Cay and r?eeived an application, and Cos
mopolitan, which was the banner lodge as
to Initiations last term, will h»v# several
to initiate on the n'e-ht of th» 15th.
The Bebekaris.
Oriental Reb^kah Lodge pave Its much
ta"kf*d of party in the banquet hall oJ
the Odd reilws' bulM'lngr last "U"e<lnes
2ay night. It was the first under the
regime of the new officer? and ws« a great
success in every way. the attendance be
!tie large. th*> programme of entertain
ment interesting and pleasingr. and the
proprarnme of dancing- all -hat could be
Jpslrcd. There was. preceding the dance,
* piano foIo by Miss Farreil. vocal solo*
or jl*»s>srs. Harding and Gardener anfl
MiFr Ella Callenrter. a cornet solo by Pro-
V?5nr Pach»»co an-1 a recitation by Mis*
Josephine Walwcrth. The entertainment
rommittee was composed of Mr?. Allie
Parker. N. G. : Matti" Webb. Margaret
Oerbjr. lyna Javis. Nellie Stickney and
M<»s=rs. Panr.me. Myrtle and Wilcox. Ice»
:rerm 2nd cakfs wore in order after the
lance.
The Elks.
Tbe question that !s aeltatinp the mem
9en 6f BaM Frar.risro Lodge at this time
p. "Shall the lodjre secure new rooms?"
rho5»> who ar<> in favor of new rooms <Je- !
;!aro that Th*»y ar* Ftrongrly in the ma- !
forlty. whilo those opposotl wink the athe? !
•ve and dprlare :hat the the pros are not ;
«n Kirar.e as th*>y bP'i«v^ thpy are. Xn J
¦natter w hlcfr ¦way the ntattrr ii= d^cid^fl j
:hr- J'-xige members are deeplv interested, t
Dr. K. N. Phort. chairman. an«l R. P. j
"hurrhill. steward, of the wav? and j
Titans ootntnltfe of B.^n PranciBCO I»ipe i
:avf pur^ha^M a yacht and frequently
•ni"v a rail on the hay.
Delegate Re<*5, from Oaklarfl Lrxlg?. re
i:it.p<1 from the Grani Iyidpe fssion dur
r.g the latter half of July and on the
)6ta of that month was tendered a recep
loo and banquet by thf l<xiep. Ife was
rell pleased with his visit East and said
r.ar.y kind things about his Eastern
brothers. Delegate Reed rendered mate
rial assistance in placing J. O. Reis In
the position he now occupies in the order.
Los Angeles Lodge is booming, and it
is to prosperous that there Is some talk
of raising the initiation fee. George
Goldsmith, a member of that lodge. Is in
this city, and he Is receiving so much at
tention from his brother Elks that h*
feels embarrassed. His brother Elks ad
mire his modesty and mutter "Poor
George."
Deputy Kennedy having received the
charter list for Santa Barbara Lodge he
will Institute it in the early part of Sep
tember. The list for the lodge at River-
Bide !s almost ready.
The lodge at Chico now has 124 mem
bers and the membership Is still increase
inj:. This lodge is also talking of raising
the initiation fee-some eay to $100.
Grand Kxalted Ruler Jerome H. Fisher
will be in this city In the latter part of
September. The object of his visit is to
institute a lodge In Honolulu. It will be
instituted with about 120 of the best peo
ple of that city, and will be the wealth
iest lodge in the whole order. A number
of Pacific Coast Elks will accompany the
head of the order on his trip to the
Islands.
The Xrmids.
At the meeting of the representativcr of
the local groves, chapters and circles last
Monday night for the purpose of consid
ering the invitation to take part in the
Admission day celebration all bodies ex
cepting two groves were represented. In
the absence of the noble grand arch Dep
uty Grand Arch Godeau presided. The
committee was addressed ity Grand Mar
shal t'ostello, W. M. Wilkens and another
member of the parade committee, who
txpla.ir.ed what the parade committee
would like to have the order consider.
After the departure of the visitors the
matter was considered and it was decided
that the order should take part in the
parade. The following named were ap
pointed a committee on ways and means
to carry out the intention of the commit
tee: J. F. Martlnoni. Junior iiast noble
grand arch; S. Glover. J. Mehler. J.
Raggi. L. A. Wolff. C. Bettencourt and A.
Plzzolo. This committee will report at a
meetlnar to be held on the 13th.
On the nifrtn of the last Friday In July
Laurel Grove tendered a reception and
banquet to Alternate Supreme Represent
ative James Hasan on the eve of his de
parture for Indianapolis to attend the
Supreme Grove eession. There were
about one hundred present. Including
James F. Martlnoni Jr.. P. N. G. A.; E.
H. Goetze. S. R.; John M. Graves. G. S..
and F. J. Horn. C. T. He,nry A. Chase.
P. N. G. A., was toastmaster. There were
a number of responses to toasts by those
already named and Past Arches Perri, L.
A. Wolff. J. M. Wolff and C. T. Mollnarl.
Laurel Grove is working on the increase
lines and Is in the lead of the local groves.
At the last held meeting !n July two appli
cations were filed, and last Friday five
more were presented.
Pleasanton Grove conferred the second
and third degrees at Its last held meeting.
Guadaloupe Grove still receives applica
tions and is initiating at each meeting.
Columbia Grove of San Jose conferred
the third degree and received four appli
cntions. The three groves in San Jose are
nil active, and it Is expected that they
will make a good Ipcrease during the year.
Sacramento Grove will have three stran
gers to initiate at its next meeting. Mag
nolia Grove of Los Angeles reports two
initiations and two applications.
Last Tuesday evening Junior Past Noble
Grand Arrh Martlnoni. in accordance with
a resolution of the Grand Grove, presented
fin arti=t!rallv engrossed and beautifully
framed set of resolutions from the Grand
Grove to Galileo GaMlel. showing the ap
preciation of the grand bo«Jy of the ex
cellent manner In which the degree team
of the subordinate rendered the second
degree before the members of the Grand
Grove. The team now has the honor of be
ing known as the most proficient in th-«
State jn the rendition of that work. In
accepted the token of appreciation the
oaptnin of the team declared that if there
shouM be another contest the team will
endeavor to be frt the lead again.
Manzanita Grove has under cons'dera
tion the procuring of either a set of new
r^enlla or a set of artistic badges for the
officers and members.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Crocker Lodge In the Mission district
cave a smoker last week at which there
wero present a number of the members
nf th<« extension committee of this city.
The grand overseer and the secretary of
the Alameda County extension committee
were also present. A result of this meet
ing was that nine of eleven strangers who
were present signed applications to be
come members of the lodge.
Prosperity Lodge at its last held meet
ing Initiated three candidates and received
fix applications. In future this lodge will
have initiations In the amplified degree
at even* meeting.
Golden Gate Lodge which Is striving
Order Eastern Star. j
!
I
|
j
I- <s pxpecte.il that Ivy Chapter will at
S:s meeting on the second Tuesday this
tn< nth have wcrk Jn the initiatory degree.
hair.g elected several candidates.
Ivy Chapter has arranged to pet up a
benefit entertainment for the mother oi
tie latf ileoree F. Moorehouse, who died
BOfldenly a short time since and who was
ber «ol" support. He v.as a member of
the Masonic fraternity and this chapter
ot.wblcb the mother ts a member, will do
what it can :o assure her some comfort
In her declining yea»- s . The entertainment
w-Ili !>e given in Oolden Gate Hall.
The near chapter at \\ ::nisor starts out
with a good charier iifet.
iieulah Chapter at South San Francisco
U prt-pa.ri.ng icr its usual monthly social
evening.
San Francisco Lodge of United Moderns,
which was recently instituted in this city
by Supreme Vice Chancellor E. M. Elliott,
assisted by State Organizers »B. Stovall'
T. H. Riley, "W. G. Cressy and others, has'
recently been adding in a remarkable de-
High Chief Ranger Boehm and Perma
nent Secretary Falconer installed the of
ficers of Court Hartford at Vallejo last
week, and after the business of the even
ing they were the guests of the court* at
an enjoyable banquet.
On the 17th of the current month High
Chief Ranger Boehm will officially visit
Court Siskiyou at Yreka. On the 18th he
will bo with Court Castle Rock at Redding
and on the 2i)th he will be with Court Kes
wick at Keswlck. Later he will visit the
courts at French Gulch and at John
son City.
Four . new organizers have been put in
the field— two in this State and two to
work in' adjoining States. ... _ * • **"
-•A new court called^Robin 1 Hood, organ
ized "by W. E, -Freeman, with forty-two
charter- members, has been instituted at
Denver, "Colo. J. G. Jenkins is the chief
ranger. ¦•-;¦¦• < -
United Moderns.
Ancient Order Foresters.
- A Fraternal Reception.
On the last Monday in July a fraternal
and very cordial reception was given by
the members of Britannia Lodge of the
Daughters of St. George to the grand of
ficers of and the delegates to the Grand
Lodge of the Sons of St. George in Pyth
ian Cflstle. There were also present mem
bers of Uurnaby and Pickwick lodges of
the. Sons. The ladies from British Colum
bia entertained the lodge with select
readings. Mrs. G. Mulhur of the local
lodge favored with vocal selections, Hugh
Williamson pang patriotic songs and was
loudly applauded. J. Hilbert, G. P. P., of
the Grand Lodge, was the subject of a
reading in phrenology by Mrs. J. B. Sta
ples. Thi.=» was followed by the serving ol
refreshments and all present singing "God
Favc the Queen" and "Auld Lang Syne."
Mrs. May A. O'Brien, a prominent mem
ber of James A. Garfield 1 Corps, W. R. C.,
and of Sherwood Circle of the Companions
of the Forest, A. O. F., on the last Sun
day In July, assisted by her daughter.
Miss May Driscoll entertained twenty
friends at her residence. 318 Kearny
street. It being the anniversary of her
birth. There were a number of friends
aside from those of the membership of
tho organization named. The lady was
the recipient of a number of elegant pres
ents and several pretty floral pieces with
congratulations. There were present:
Mrs. C. Dlbblee. Mrs. M. Van Horn, Mrs.
B, Harrison. Mrs. Dora • Wllklns, Mrs.
Josie Kelly. Mrs. V. Rentchler. Miss May
Driscoll. Walter Wllklns. F. Rentchler,
John Carmeron. J. F. Goodman. George
B. Cook. Robert W. 'White. Octave Car
naud. Mr. Malson, Harry Gervry, Eddie
Driscoll and others.
- ¦ :::¦:¦;«
An Anniversary Party.
At the last held meeting in July of
Court Minion No. 1359. Independent Order
of Foresters, J. Kastendieck, M. D., de
livered an intPresting lecture on "Emer
gencies and How to Meet Them." The
lecture was an Instructive one, for It gave
all an Idea of what they can do In case of
accident to self or others. I^ast Thursday
night the doctor lectured again, the sub
ject oeing "The Rise of Man." This was
also an interesting talk and was listened
to with ft great deal of attention.
Court Yerba Buena at Its last held meet
ing elected F. Weeks orator, vice Graham,
who has removed from the city. Next
Tuesday the ladies' auxiliary of this court
will hold a session in the court room.
This order Is Ftlll considering the propo
sition of accepting the invitation of the
Native Sons to take part in the parade on
the 10th of September.
Independent Foresters.
Redwood Circle No. 72 of the Women of
Woodcraft has by death lost one of its
honored members. Mrs. M. A. Foley. Her
funeral took place last Tuesday under the
auspices of the circle, the ceremonies be
ing according to the ritual of the order
ai the mortuary hall and was of a most
impressive character, the music incidental
to the service being by Redwood quartet,
Mrs. S. A. Prader, soprano; Mrs. Jennie
Clark, alto; H. Lloyd, tenor. and.F. Rus
sell, basso. After the services at the
hall the remains were escorted to „ St.
Patrick's Church, where "mass was cele
brated, after which the members of the
circle accompanied the remains to Holy
Cross Cemetery, where they were placed
for final rest. The following-named mem
bers of the circle were th*.- pall-bearers:
Mesdames M. S. Meyers, J. Hurkett, A.
Stanoart. E. Barduhn, L, K. Webber and
L. A. Derrick. Mrs. R. I. Cahill was mis
tress of ceremonies and Mrs. A. E. Rich
ardson nnd Mrs. I. L. Justice were guards
of honors. Six children, ranging- in age
from 14 to 2 years, are left to mourn the
loss of Mr?. Foley.
Women of Woodcraft.
rey, the milkman; J. W. Grifflng, the sol
dier.
hours. The demands for invitations to
this function are so numerous that they
prove the popularity of what the club is
doing In the entertainment line. Selec
tions, s to S:a>. Slchel'p orchestra; (a)
March. "The Administration" (Howard),
(b) grand selection, "Faust" (Gounod);
specialties?, J. S. Swan; Shakespearean
readings. Master Phillips: violin solo (Un-
Karlsh-Hauser). Maurice Rose: a few mo
ments with W. J. Hynes; "Ths Skaters"
(Waldteufel). xylophones. J. Casad. with
orchestra accompaniment; comic operet
ta, "The Milkman's Bride," under per
sonal direction of Miss Annie Roney.
characters — Miss Edith Welch, the maid:
Miss Nellie Minna. Mrs. Crocker; James
ODonnell. the policeman; George Chee-
National Union. .
\Y. W. Healy. E. A. Kidd, J. X. Bunt-
Ing and F. II. Hastings, the committee of
the National I'nion Social and Literary
Club, has arranged the following pro
gramme for the next entertainment to be
given under the patronage of the San
Francisco Cabinet in Odd Fellows' Hall
on the night of the Sth Inst.! This, like
the other entertainments that have pre
cfded it, will be first class, and after the
programme there will be dancing for two
of the membership of Court Seal Rock,
Foresters of America, which is to be
given to-day, though late In the season,
promises to be a Jolly and successful one.
It will be held at Sunset Park. It will be
under the direction of Dr. C. M. Tropp
manti. E. J. Coffaney, "Charles Johnson,
G. Anderson. H. Fruhstuck, J. Gallagher
and E. W. Jakobs.
George Perfeto has been reappolnted
deputy grand chief ranger for Court Fer
ruclo. At the last held meeting in July
the officers for the current term, were in
stalled, and after the installation the of
iicers. members and visitors enjoyed a
Erst-elass Italian dinner.
There will be a meeting of the execu
tive council on the 17th Inst., when the de
tails of the Admission day parade will be
discussed.
The proceedings of the twelfth annual
session of the Grand Court held at San
Luis Obispo, have been issued. They
make a book of 31<2 pages within a cover
of violet and silver. It Is a book that is
attractive, the matter is a clear and faith
ful record of the proceedings, and well
indexed, so such Information as is de
sired may be obtained without dif
ficulty. It shows that Grand Secretary
Cordy. who prepared it for the press, has
a keen knowledge of the manner in which
such should be arranged.
Foresters of America.
The picnic of Club Seal Rock, composed
In the various lodges of the Knights of
Honor the talk at this time is the display
that the order will make In the proces
sion on Admission day.
Arrangements are being made for the
purpose of starting In for active campaign
work after the summer vacations.
The proceedings of the Supreme Lodge
are being distributed to all entitled to
receive the same.
Alta Loilge at Vallejo had an entertain
ing and interesting smoker last week at
which there were present a large num
ber of persons not members of the order.
A feature of the entertainment was music
by the Marine band, which Is stationed at
Mare Island .
Knights of Honor.
presence of a large number of the friends
of the members. The ceremony of in
stallation was followed by the presenta
tion of a set of silver spoons to the re
tiring protector. Mrs. Miller, in recogni
tion of her effective work during the time
she was in office. Then followed a social
hour and a collation.
Latest News of Fraternal Organizations
The picnic given under the auspices of
Mizpah and America lodges last Sunday
was a very enjoyable affair, and it was at
tended by the great majority of the mem
bers of each lodge and by many of their
friends.
Pioneer Lodge at its meeting last Tues
day night had an interesting meeting. It
received the applications of several who
desire to become members. It also by
unanimous vote elected a well-known fra
ternal man an honorary member of the
lodge.
Last Monday night Lincoln Lodge had
an open meeting, on which occasion thre«
applications for membership were re
ceived, and at the next meeting it Is ex
pected that four strangers will be ini
tiated. The principal feature of the even-
Ing was dancing, as most of the members
of the lodge are young people who prefer
dancing to any other form of amusement.
Friends of the Forest.
Supreme Trustee Gibson, who has charge
of the Eastern extension work, reports
that during July five new councils were
instituted.
During the month of July but one death
was reported In the California Jurisdiction
of the order. This is the first time in
three years that there has been such a low
death rate. During June there were but
s«>ven rleathtt.
The representatives of the local coun
cil will meet in the hnll of Pacific Council
on the night of the 17th Inst. to discuss
extension work.
Secretary Koehm of Golden Gate Coun
cil Is preparing a series of questions and
answers relative to the order for the pur
pose of instructing the members.
District Deputy Nicholson, assisted by
Grand Sentry Mrs. Boehm, installed the
officers of Samaritan Council last week,
after which a supper was served.
The officers of Pacific Council were in
stalled last week by the same officers. A
pleasant time was had after the installa
tion.
The recent installation in public of the
officers of Evans Council of the Order of
Chosen Friends in the Alcazar building
was an event in the history of the coun
cil that will be remembered with pleasure
by all the members present and their
many friends who accepted the invitation
to witness the ceremonies. Grand Re
corder Wnllis was the installing officer,
and those who were installed are: Mrs.
C. J. Sweeney. C; L. B. W. Rose. V. C;
W. N. Hrunt. I.; Mrs. C. R. Saine. R. S.;
Walter N. Brunt, T. ; Mrs. A. H. McAllis
ter, P.; E. E. Chesman, M. ; Mrs. Minnie
l-\ Wailis, W.; Mrs. Klla Packer. G.. and
Mrs. Sehmltz, sentry. After the ceremony
there was a dance and an entertainment
in the social hall of the building. During
the evening a large number of souvenirs
cf the occasion were distributed. This
was followed by the serving of Icecream
r.nd cakes to members and guests in the
banquet hall.
Order of Chosen Friends.
A new circle was instituted at Redding
last night with about fifty names on the
charter list.
Fidelity Circle announces an entertain
ment and dance for the 18th inst. The
feature will be a two-act play by members
of the circle.
Bohemian Circle will give a party during
the latter part of the month.
A party given by Sherwood Circle last
Wednesday was well attended and was a
very pleasant event.
Loyal Circle has announced a party for
the 20th inst. in its hall In the Shlels
building.
Washington Circle Initiated a number of
candidates at its last held meeting. -
The board of deputies held a meeting
last night and made arrangements for the
entertainment of the delegates to the next
Grand Circle.
Companions of the Forest.
gree to its membership, a number of la
dies having joined. The officers of the
lodge are representative men m fraternal
and professional circles. This lodge gave
its first social entertainment last week,
which was well attended and was a great
success. There was a good programme,
the several numbers -being all encored-.
The lodge purposM to "make sociability a
feature of its existence. The following
was the programme: ¦ Miss Morris Wag
ner, original songs and dance; Professor
D. R. Augsburg, chalk talk: Professor
Kairweather, songs; Major H. E. Ransom,
stories; Mrs. Maude Graves, songs; Miss
Dollie Gates, recitations: A. J. Water
house, "homely little songs"; M:-B. John
son, supreme regent, address.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
35
AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing: To-Day, Sunday
Matinee, August 5.
ANewCompany
Laura_ Bennett
Sallie Stembler
In George M. Cohan's Farcette,
"SAPHO AND LULU."
MeirtkeTffio
European Comedy Acrobats.
Hooker •>* Davies
Slnzlng and Dancing Specialists.
jblLYTOHjTNASH
A Monolcrutst Who Can Sing.
STT^NGi^BROTHERS
Comedy Cyclists.
In Character Changes.
Dark-hued and Both Beautiful.
AiviERICArT^IOGRAPH
ShO'K-lne the Paris Expedition and tha Standard
Oil Fire.
FECAL WEEK OF
Mr. and Mrs. John Mason
(KATHERINE GREY.)
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY). August 5.
Parquet. 25c. any s»at: balcony. 10c: children.
10c. any part.
A few front orchestra rows reserved. 60c;
front rows of balcony reserved. 25c.
R 3 foM US) H Ik ***
UJLUrlolA'^ss
TO-NIGHT r ~iSUNDAY),
THIRD SERIES OF THE
BURTON HOLMES
LECTURES.
Subject, "ROUND ABOUT PARIS."
Magnificent Illustrations in Colored Still and
Motion Pictures.
Next Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Night.
Subject. "GRAND CANYON OF ARIZONA."
PRICES Jl. T3c. SOc and 23c.
T0-M0RR0W (Monday) NIGHT.
ONE WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
Charles Frohman Presents
AND A SPECIAL. COMPANY
In an Elaborate Revival of the Charming
Romantic Comedy.
"HEARTSEASE!"
HENRY MILLER AS ERIC TEMPLE.
August 13— "THE ADVENTURE OF THE
LADY URSULA."
Commencing TO-NIOHT. FAREWELL WEEK.
DUNNE & RTLEY'S ALL-STAR CAST,
rresentlnB MATHEWS & BULGER.
In Their Latest Farcical Success,
"THE NIGHT OFJBE FOURTH"
Next SUNDAY Nlicht. August 12th.
SPECIAL GALA FAREWELL PERFORM-
ANCE,
"RUSHj:iTY."
Commencing Sunday Afternoon' and every
evening durlne th» week of August 12th,* ex-
cepting Sunday. i
"THE DROWXIE3 IN FAIRYLAND."
Waller Morosco 8ol« Lease* and Manager
LAST~NIGHT /
"THE RED tAMP."
COMMENCING TO-MORROW EVENING,
Henry Arthnr Jones' Great Play,
"THE MIDDLEMAN."
PRICES-lOe. 15c. 25c, SOc.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 73c.
Saturday Matinee— 10c. 15c, 2oc. 60c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
TO-NIGHT-ROMEO AND JULIET.
BErtlNXING TO-MORROW. MONDAY,
Six Nights and Saturday Matinee.
Qrl Moth FLORENCE
Oil o? ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Revival by Request,
t«e COUNTRY GIRL!
RESERVED SEATS-13c. 2S.c. 33c. SOc.
OLYMFIA c E o D «%f£s*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
FIFTH SERIES OF
Professor Conradi's
LIVING STATUARY
Illustrating th« Works of Art at the Paris
Exposition.
BASCO~AND RICE
. ¦ ¦ In a Comedy Sketch.
MNETTE GEORGE,
America's Sweetest Sonicstrws.
- MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY
ADMISSION FREE.
FISCHER'S c 9S!£S2L 1 Jg. ll8B --
DEETS AND DON: MAE TUNISON; JEAJJ-
ETTE LEWIS. Comedienne; AGNES FRIED
; Soprano; LITTLE ALMA WUTHRIch'
Singer and Dancer: Reappearance cf Mr!
EDWARD B. ADAMS; and New MovJns Ptc- I
turea. Matinee Sunday. Reserved SeaL*. ;
AMUSEMENTS.
*T I V_O Lh
CURTAIN RISES AT 8 P. M.
Matinee at 2 O'Clcck.
Most Superb
GRAND OPERA SEAS(»
Ever Heardjn Frisco.
TO NIGHT - £} - "LUCIA/
TO-MORROW BE61NS
A GREAT VERDI WEEK,'
Monday, Wednesday. Friday anc
Saturday Everjlngs,
"OTHELLO!"
AVEDA.1O. SALA99A.
GRAHAM, lICHTCff, ETC.
Tuesday. Thursday. Sunday
Nights and Saturday
Matirjee.
"RIGOLETTO!"
rtusso, fbhruki, nicoLtat.
fOLITINl. HgfPgTTO, ETC
WeeK of August 13th:
"TANNHAUSER" "MIGN0N"
POPULAR PRICES
25c and 50c>
TELEPHONE-BrSH 9.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
TO-BAY TO-DAY
Sunday, August 5th,
80 --CRACKERJACKS- "80
80 --CRACKERJACKS --80
80 - - CRACKERJACKS - - 80
will perform in
. HIGH-CLASS .
OPEN STAKE!
S1000 — PRIZE MONEY ! — SI000
TRAIN SERVICE.
L«"ave Third and Townsend streets at 11 a. m.,
12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-flfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning at 4:*5
p. m. and after last course. San Mateo electric
cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
LA LISTA, Flpa Dancar.
COMMENCING TO-DAY—
FORREST SEABURY
In His Sensational ICO-root Dive.
Order Seats by Phone — Park 13.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
CHUSETTS, on the 31st day ol D*c«mber.
A. D. IS**, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th» pro-
vlalons of sections Sio and Cll of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner:
CAPTTAI*.
Amount of capital stock, paid up tn
cash $300.«»»
j ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 1.154. !75 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bond*, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 13.000 to
Cash in company's office 5.634 34
Cafih in banks 11.3S4 tij
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 2.909 43
Premiums In due course of collection.. 32. Ml 13
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid it* 21
Total assets ..I836.7U 53
LIABILITIES.
Los*** adjusted and unpaid $ 1.263 S4
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense 21.942 M
Grose premiums on fire rinks running
one year or less. $152,965 41; rein-
surance SO per cent "S.4S2 71
Gross premiums on fire rtsks running
more than one year. $i:j.J37 91; re-
insurance pro rata 75.704 *7
Pue and accrued Mr salaries, rent. etc. 3.495 S3
All other demands against the com-
pany 12.7T3 «
Total liabilities .1131.317 53
INCOME.
Net ca*h actually received for fire
premiums t313,S01 17
Received for Interest and dividends on-
bonds, stocks, loans, ar.d from all
other sources :... 22.17*17
R*etvetl from all other sources ... l.ogn co
Total Income ¦- ,$237.WI7 31
EXPENDITURES. — ~
Net amount paid for fire losses <in-
' cludir.2 JIT. IOC 66, losses of previous . •-
years) $!32.Stt 41
Dividends to stockholders 1S.COO no
Paid or allowed for commission or bro-
kerage - ««.«« 41
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc H.131 SI
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 8.405 7*
All other payments and expenditures. 3«,790 51
Total expenditures I2W.33S 13
Lnssea incurred during the year. flre.tlCT.170 »
Risks and Premiums. !Flr» Risk*. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks!
written durinjc the year) |2«.»10,2S2 C7?.1M 04
Net amount of risks
expired during the!
year 21.«S4,3«7 233.S25 7t
Net amount In forca De-i j
cember «. 1S93 | 25.273.704 \ TTi.tnz 33
FRANCIS PEABODT. President.
HENRY S. BEAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7t* .
day of February. 13<v>.
GEORGE M. AMERIGE. Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL %
1 General Agents,
| 411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
&JUN JTRANCISCO. CAIo ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1ent7rS_tomeh!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental- and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 328 Elektron
building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will b« complied with promptly. The
Institute m desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
6ample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully scaled In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
AMUSEMENTS.
Two \tfecks of Racing.
SSfe^^^wJDoG SHOW.
Exhibits Carried \,Frce-
Excursion RatcsforVisitors.
Y/rite .for Particulars to
pETERj. SHIELDS, A.B.SPRECKELS.
¦'.-.SfcCRETART. PRESIDENT.
SUTRO BATHS
'. OPEN.. NIOHTS.
, Open dally from 7 *. m. to ll.p.:m. ..
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION', 10c. CHILDREN. Sc.
Bathing, Including admission Sac Children 20c.THE SAN FKAJKCISCO CAJLiij, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
36
SAA FR.AXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisi*>
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, Siren
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— l?t Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
SCO I£a>«*s F.treet; open until 9:S0 p. m.
f.39 M«.'A Ulster 6trc«'t.; open until 9:30 p. in.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ZZC1 Mission etret-t. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn. .
1M Eleventh etrctt; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Ftrects; open until » p. m.
CULUCII SERVICES.
£T PAUL'6 Cirurch. California. St.. near FUl-
more. Kev. W. Maxwell R-i'.!y. rector; Rev.
A. C. Wilson, assistant— Holy Communion,
7:30 a. m. ; Sunday-school. 8:4i a. m; litany,
r-^cond celebration and sermon, 11 a. m.,
preacher. Kev. Floyd Mynard; evensong and
fM»rraon. 7:45 p. m.. preacher. Archdeacon J.
Emery. l_Il_
ET LUKE'S Episcopal Church, cor. of Van
Ness ave. and Clay st. Holy communion. S
a. rn. Morning prayer. 11 o'clock. Lvening
..ervice. 7:«5 o" clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay, rec-
.w of All Saints Church. Omaha, will
jreach both morning and evening.
TRINITY T.uroh. corner Bush and Gcugh st«.
Rev Vrcdcrlck W. Clampett. 1>. D., rectoi.
Morning >er\ice. 11 o'clock: ho'.y communion.
II a. m. Evening prayer, 4 o clock. The
rector will preach at both perviee?.^^
CALVAI1Y Pre*byt*rUn Church, corner Geary
an.i Powrll Bts.— Rev. John Hemphi:i._ D.D..
l»nFtor "will pi^a^li at 11 &_ ni. and 7:45 p. m.
Toric.'evening- "Evil and Pain Pr^jaring the
Wai' lor L'ltimat* Gc^d." Sacrament of the
Lords *un>er will be observed at the close
of morning Krmoa. Christian Endeavor Ssj-
Cfety n:«-cts at f:3> p. m. Wednesday evening
eervice enndu.-ted by the Ladles' Foreign Mis-
sionary Society at > o' cluck. Strangers cor-
dially welcomed.
FltANKLIN Street Presbyterian Church, cor-
ner Frunk'.in and Vallejo rts.-Hev. Thomas
Chalmers Easton. 1>.D., o: Washington. l>-
C, wi'.l occupy ih<» puli>It: Bervtcw, mpru-
Ir.s; unJ ~:ZQ p. m. All an* made v.elcome.
FIRST Congregational Church. c<'rn<-r Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. Oeonre C. Artaras. 1>.D. .
pastor, has rt;umed fmm his Vacation, and
will jiroadi at 11 a- m. ; theme, "A Plan <jf
FaJvaticn."- At 7:4» p. m:, «. none service of
n-elcume to th* pastor. Special music by the
oholr; Samuel I >. Mayer organ!?- an<l choir-
master. Dr. Adams will rpeak on "A Stroll
Alor.z the QUA of Alaska."
6EVENTH-DAY Advontlst Church. 514 L&guna
ft.. lx>t. McAllister st. and OoIJf n Gate ave. —
Pre«ch.r.g this. Sur.ticy <>venlng"Et 7:Su o'clock,
br the pastor, Oder J. O. Corliss; EUbject.
"Tbe Origin of Kvil ar.d Its History as Found
!n Hev. xil. 1 ' All are cordially invited; scats
free.
KIUST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block, 222 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Chrinian Science Bible lessen at 11
a. m. ; subject. "Saul." Sunday school for
children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at S o'clock. Fn»e reading room,
206 Kearr.y et...rcom 510. All welcome.
FIRST Divine Science Church— M. E. Cramer,
pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m.. subject. "Com-
munion and Baptism." Services every Sun-
day at _Home College. 3260 Seventeenth St..
between Mission and Valencia. Sunday school
at 19 a. m.
KlftET Mental Science Temple— Services to-day
. at 11 a. m. and 8 p. m.. Golden Gate Hall. 8E5
Putter st. Charles F. Burgrnan. secretary
Home Temple. Fea Br<*eze. K!a., lecturer.
Evening, 109 stereoptlccn views City Beautiful
and vicinity, home of mental scientist?. Mu-
eic. mornlni, under direction of Mit. A. G.
CoieTran. Ereoinc Mr». Marriner-Campbell.
Admission free.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Masrn and Ellis
ets. — Special s-enices for men only this after-
noon at 2 o'clock. AddresFej" by Llatthew C.
O'I?rien, new physical din»oter, suid F. A.
Jackson and C. A. Glur.z, recently from Ma-
nila. Colored Jubilee Singers' concert next
Friday night. Aucust 10.
HOME of Truth. 1231 Pine Ft.— Devotional ser-
vices. 11 a. m. an<! 7:45 p. m. Frances H'.ekok
*-iH FT>eak in the mornir.g and Ami* Rlx
Jlilitz in the evening. Ali are welcome.
THHOSOPHICAL Society— I^iblic meeting at 8
o-clc.-k in Th< nsonhlc Hall. O.JJ Fellows'
buIMing. T<--rtieht. "Th« Oricin of Ca?te,"
by !Ir. W. J. Walters. Golden Chain Group
lor children at 11 a. m.
-UEETIXCiS 5UXDAY.
"A BANK of health— How <?rpan!z' > d ar.d how
to maintain the stock at par"; DR. J. DE-
PEW KKKGAN will discut-F the subject this
evening. £ -o'clock, at Crystal Hall. Pythian
Castle, yS9 Market st.. followed by maer.ificeni
licva of the beauty rpota of earth; those at-
t<-mlin?f rear procore free tickets to the X-Ray
exhibition at the Sanitarium, cor. Market and
MsHin, next Tuesday evening; seats free; no
o liection.
PEOPLE'S lecture Association meets at Scot-
tish Hall, l^arkin Et.. thir? (Sunday) even-
ins, at S o'clock; lecture by Dr. J. L. York:
subject, "Marriage and ;he Family, or Why
liirriape I? Not a Failure"; questions and i-
rr.inute Fpeecbea; peats free.
THE Oratory— Odd Fellows' Hall. Se\"enth and
Market Ets.; to-nitht. MrF. R. S. Lillie, the
distinguished orator, will s;>eak on "The New
Race of r,o,j-Men." J. T. LOlle. musical di-
rector. JULIAN MacRAE, Initiate; S o'clock
fchai-p. AdmlFSion. 10c.
A— DR. RINGS' Spiritual Society. S3 Market—
II. free; 2-S p. m.. Me; Mrs. Seeley, Harrison.
Mr. Harmon, ArhauM, Mrs. Lester; all tests:
others; eleventh anniversary Sept. L, 1900; lirst
Fijlritual aid Aug. 5. Z p. m.
JVLIANLSM— JULIAN MacRAE, Initiate, has
opened hit School of Philosophy of Conscious-
ness for a-lvanec-d students who are seeking a
personal consr-ioufneys of the One Divine
lieality. D19 Golden Gate ave.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS (the dietinrulr-hed
literal thinker and orator) will lecture to-
night before the Ethical Institute at Metro-
politan Temrle, Fifth Ft.; subject. "Who Is
the Infidel?" Gallfrj* free.
AT KATin HEUPSMANN'S. t'09 Market, to-
n!pht, inrpirational independent spiritual mes-
sages ; quf-Ftlrns !n any language with flow-
ers answered; sittings. JlOi Howard st.
MRS. JENNIE WARREN, noted test medium.
507 Post st_. circles Monday. Friday evenings
8 eh.'«D; admittance ladles 50c; gents $1.
TESTS and mefsages given, questions an-
swered, this eve. 1"« Market St.. over Mon-,
arch shoe store, room 26.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 3C10 Clar. circle To-
r.ight. i; consultations, dally; mining a spe-
cialty.
rUIENDPHIP Hall. SS5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; pit. daily; oonvinc'g tests to-night 10c.
T&V£. LESTER, circle Hon.. Wed. and Frl. 8
p. m., 10c; elttings daily, We. 127 Turk pt.
MME. TOrxG. CCS McAllister— Convincing dem-
onstration of spirit return to-night, 10c.
MRS. ECERHARDTS, to-nleht; convincing
test. 2TM 2Id ft.; skeptics Invited.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, medium; Bluings
dally. VZQ McAllister St.. Hat I.
MEETINGS Inlvensl ltrut Iicrhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America. 819 Mar-
ket rt.— Lecture to-r.icht. "The Soul After
Death." by Dr. Jerome A. Anderson; I. B. L.,
Tuesday night; subject, "Our Brothers, the
Animals." Ch.il>1ren'» Lotus Group Sunday,
11 a, m.. room 30. .
MEKTIXG JVOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. X, K. ,_
T.. No. 8 Post st.— Officers and mem-«ij£«
ben are notified to assemble In the asy- flr*2
lum en THIS DAT. August 5. at 1 fe3
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of a.t- \r "
tending the funeral of our deceased frater.
BIB MILO SIDNEY JEFFERS. By order of
the Conlrr.an'Jer.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ~m
M.— The officers and members of the _J«
above-named lo&se ar<- hereby r.rti- Vf if
tied to attend the funeral of our late /^r>
brother. MILO SIDNEY JEFFERP. In King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple. THIS DAY
iSL'XDAY), August 5. at 2 o'clock p. m. Mas-
ter Masons and friends of the deceased are
invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15 I <**X£2»
O. O. F.— Officers and members
¦n-:ll i^forr.We in Memorial Hall, I.
O. O F. building, to attend the ¦ /^m^ > '
funeral of our late brother, J. M. JEFFRIES
W. H. BROTT. N. G.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F. E. Thomas, in the Gold Run
Placer Claim, near Quiney, I'lumas Co.. to
depoBit tailings on a flat: from Walter C. Itob-
inson. In the Deadwood Hill Mine, near
Meadow Valley, Plumas Co.. to deposit tail-
ir.ss in Readwood Creek; frcm W. B. Meek,
In the Indian Hill Mine, near Camptonvllle
Tuba Co.. to deposit tailings In Ind:.-m Creek;
from the La Porte Consolidated Gold Mining
Co., In the Dutch Mine, near La Porte, Plu-
rr.a* Co., to deposit tailings in Rabbit Creek;
frcm J. T. Ilirmincham. in the Strawberry
Mine, at Strawberry Valley. Yuba Co.. to de-
poEit tailings in a worked-out pit, and from
C. M. Juri;enson. In the Garden City Mine,
rear GIbsonviMe, Sierra Co., to deposit tail-
inr» in a ravine, gives notice that a meeting
wQl be held at room 55. Flood building. 6ar»
Francisco. Cal.. en Auguet 13. 2S00. ax 1:30
p. m.
rtKP.EL Coric Benfvolpnt Association— Four-
teenth annual picnic will take place at S-hell
Mound Park FUNDAY. August 5. Races and
comes for ;-oung and old. Prizes for every-
* >rM 'v. Theflroquols Band. Professors Mc-
Carthy ar.d McMahon Trill furnish music.
Aflu'.ts' tickets, 10c; children under 12 years
of age free. Boat* leave ferry every half
MEETING NOTICES.
FORWARD Movement Workers— Have you
¦heard them? Pythian Castle, 909- Market St.,
3 and 8 p. m. to-day. Every day and evening
. this week. 2 and S p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The Rlsdon Iron and Locomotive Works.— The
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Rls-
don Iron ard Locomotive Works, for the elec-
tion of trustees for the ensuing year and the
transaction of ruch other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company, southeast corner of Beale
and Howard sts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 6th day of Auguot. 1900. at U o'clock a. m.
• L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
$1500 CAN be made during campaign season
selling our campaign ties; greatest sellers
ever introduced; territory going; write Imme-
diately; full line white and fancy rubber col-
lars; enclose stamp. Dept. C. M. & M. Mfg.
Co.. Springfield. MasB. ¦_
AGENTS to eell moot attractive campaign and
street fair badges; new designs; excellent
portraits; samples 25c. National Badge and
Novelty Co.. mfr, Cleveland, Ohio.
RAPID selling novelty: new to 8an Francisco:
good money maker; light line for lady or gen-
tleman. Call 10 to 12 Monday. JOHNSTON,
room IS, Winchester House.
DO you want something more profitable, better
and easier to pell than books? F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
BRIGHT lady agents wanted; big money. Call
Cosmetic Parlors, 222 Turk st.. after 10 a. m.
WI' handle new»6t novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS- SUPPLY CO., 3461 ISth kt.
, ASTROLOGY.
, ERNEST S. OREEN positively proves the stars
I ru!e your fate: testimonials fr«"s: trial readings
from date birth, by mall. 15 2-cent stamps;
I full horoscopes $2 up. 1S04 Market St., 2d floor.
1 MME. KICKEY, ns-trologlst : get your horoscope
j with full explanation of your future. EOc: card
! rending and palmistry. 2r»c-. 1933 Mission st.
I ' ¦
: ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
1 R. W. KINO, attorney at law. S27 Market Bt..
j j-oo:n 627; estates, damages,' attachments,
I bankruptcy, collections; all ruses; fair fee*;
¦, do advance rharses; money loanol on estates.
! ADVICE free: divoroe law a specialty; private;
j no fee without success: collections. G. VV.
! IIOWK. atty at law. SJO Market, cor. Stockton.
! FRF.n advice; divorce lav.-g. damages, estatcr,
j collections. J. A. Mitchell, 214 Mon;Bom<M-'.
ADVICE free: no chorge unle.is successful. W.
AV. PAVTDSON. 1-27 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
i L. .S. CLARK, Kmma Spreckels bldl." P27 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
Cl'STKR. HERMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market
*t.. r. rr": opon eve., 7-9; consultation free.
i AITOMODILKS.
i AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD & SON.
Ap^nts. 46 Fremont Ft.
i ROBINSON $S. 4-panel folding; door opens: firm
I and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Klila.
BELGIAN HARES.
I A NUMBER of fine does at low prices; bred to
I our finest bucks: LORD EDINBORO (Imp.).
I fee IZo; DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.), fee
I $15: fine lot of youngsters from 3 to 5 months
j eld from Lord Edinboro and our imported
i does, with grand color and perfect feet all
I round; full line of rabbit supplies: free llter-
i ature. SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE
I CO. BAM C. HAMMOND, Mgr.,
I Office— Spreckels Market.
P.abbitry— 1015 Shotwell st.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
I first prize in England, at 314 Golden Uate av<».
j CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
| HEADQUARTERS: sales daily. 1003^ Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.. 609 Ooi-
den Gate av.. S. K.. 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
I11CYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has captured the market with $20 bicy-
cles. 301 Larkin et. ; offers wanted for 100 sec-
ond-hand wheels. 1970 Page st.
WILL exchange first-class tandem for single
wheel. Call to-<iay 12C Rose ave.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
I INFANTS taken to board; private home; spe-
! cial care; pleasant and healthy place; clul-
| dren 2 to 8 years boarded $10 month; San
I Leandro, Alameda Co. Apply 3 Cohen place.
; FOR refined home and excellent care for little
j girl address American, box 3220. Call office.
i GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board; room for parents. 439 Minna st.
I OEHXIAN' lady wishes one or two children to
i board; cood home. 27D0 Harrison st.
BDSIXBSS CHAA'CKS.
J45O— GROCERY and notion store; fine business:
Oakland. ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway.
$1600— SALOON; best corner In Oakland; sale
or trade. ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
JIMrO — OAKLAND restaurant: best equipped In
city. ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway.
A SNAP.
Home" bakery and confectionery; light lunch;
newly renovated; must sell on account prop-
erty Interest East; $200; sell whole or part.
Call or address corner Fourteenth and Pe-
I ralta Ets., Oakland.
i SPECULATORS attention— 1100 invested In
grain or stocks by my "Safe Investment
Plan" may make you Independent for life;
¦end for free particulars; succ*J=sful customers
and financial references. STEPHEN A.
CLEMONS. broker. Old Colony building.
Chicago.
COUNTRY weekly Democratic newspaper prop-
erty for Bale; Al proposition; will take bay
property part pay. GKIFFIN. 713 Market st.
FOR SALE— At a bargain; 4 first-class Baloons;
3 lodging houses; 2 clsar stores; grocery and
bar. Inquire at office. S30 Howard St.. Me-
BKIDE & CO.. Arfnts.
i A— BARGAIN: will Bell a half or whole Interest
j in a first-class Belgian hare rabbltry cheap;
finest imported, pedigreed stock; owner,
obliged to leave the country. Box 3216, .Call.
SPECULATORS— ATTENTION !
1100 Invested in grain or stocks by my "Safe
Investment Plan" may make you independent
for life; send for free particulars; successful
customers and financial references. STEPH-
EN A. CLEMONS, Broker, Old Colony build-
ing, Chicago.
DEVELOPMENT stock In Meritorious Gold
Mine, Idaho Pprir.gs. Cola: machinery erect-
ed: mine in operation; booklet free; bank refe.
Big Chief Mining Co., Milwaukee, Wls.
AN Interest In a paying Irgitimate business,
where services of capable man are required;
Investigation and ref'nees. A. B., box 32, Call.
STATIONERY, notions, cigar store; fine loca-
tion; doing good business. Inquire' Call
branch office, 300 Hayes Et.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar and 4 living rooms;
Belling account of sickness; going East. 448
Clementina st.
FOR eale — One of the finest corner saloons;
central location; price $S0O. Call at 1203 Bush
street.
FIRST-CLASS oyster and chop house for sale
cheap, on account of sickness. Box 3407, Call.
CANDY factory. Ice cream and tamale parlor
and cigar stand for sale; a bargain. 30S6 24th.
ON account of departure Immediately, a nice
ealoon-restaurant. Apply Monday 429 Bush.
BUTCHER shop; must be sold: wholesale bills
1300 per week. Inquire 344 Thirteenth st.
WANTED— A good restaurant; must be cheap;
write particulars. Box 4345, Call office.
FOR sale — Cigar, tobacco and stationery busl-
nefs; good stand. 323 Montgomery ave.
$5000— EQUAL partner; fastest money maker In
the world. LAWN. 218 Sansome st.
LADY partner with $100 cash. Particulars ad-
dress F. C. box 29S7. Call office.
SHOE shop for eale; must leave the city. Ad-
dress box 3422. Call office.
*"OR sale — Candy and Ice cream parlor; good
chance. 4L4 Hayes st.
A DELICACY store for sale; $73. 220 Leaven-
worth st,
$1000 WILL buy a large new building and large
lot; large basement, living rooms and good
well; suitable for store or ealoon; good loca-
tion in the best mining town in Tuolumne Co.
Address box 2931. Call office.
PARTNER wanted In an established manu-
facturing business; state capital can furnish;
wish to enlarge business; large profits. Ad-
dreES box 28SS. Call office.
BAKERS — Bakery, conducted successfully 6
years, now being renovated and fitted up,
to let. Apply on premises, NW. cor. Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero sts.
FOR sale— A well-established millinery business
not far from city, at a. great sacrifice. Apply
to HOLM & NATHAN. E12-S14 Market 8t.
A WELL-PAYING photograph gallery in Oak-
land for sale; best of location; a Klondike for
a flret-class man. See SHILLCOCK.
COFFEE saloon and chop house, with ten fur-
niphed rooms, all rented, for sale very cheap;
rood paying business. Box 2992, Call office.
A DAIRY produce store for sale. . 1653 . Mis-
sion St.. bet. 12th and 13th; at bargain.
FOR eale— Bargain; store with nice fixtures
and srood room*. 921 Howard st.
A GOOD-PAYING shoe shop for sale :. cheap;
must be sold at ones. 434 O'Farrell st.
.-¦-.- . - . • ¦ • » "
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUE!}.
$500^RESTAURANT and coffee house In fine
location; north Market; fine business; cheap
rent; a great bargain. LANE & CO.. 8E5 Mkt.
$300— OWNER, leaving city, will sacrifice sta-
tionery, candy and school supply store: near
2 schools; rent $20. LANE & CO., 865 Market.
$175— HALF Interest in curtain cleaning busi-
ness clearing $50 a month each; partner prac-
tlcal man: good plant. LANE & CO.. S65 Mkt.
FOR SALK — A strictly good business restaur-
ant; 100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
using 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodging-house. 34 rooms newly furnished;,
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
field, Cal. ¦• :
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
stalls; rent only $13; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON &. CO.. 614 Call building.
BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present
owner there 6 years. 607 Third at. ¦
$200— FOR sale; restaurant In Tlburon: 7 lodg-
lng rooms. Address MRS. LJND, Tlburon.
FOR SALE— Saloon; good business; cause, »ick-
ness. Inquire 44 Second st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllimore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10^ Va-
lencia et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 63 r.- central; full: quite. profitable $2600
IS r. ; rent $60; takes $100; 1 blk. of Mkt.. S00
10 r. ; on sunny side; rent $35; nice block.. 450
23 r. ; Bunny; 3 blks of Market; full CM
37 r.; hotel; rer.t $150; bargain; party leaving.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. nr. Call bldg.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET»ST.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
17 rooms: rent $30; a snap $3.10
2S rooms; rent $.">4; central 900
40 rooms; rent $S3; Investigate this 1250
SO rooms; corner; offices; only 3200
FINE corner house, 30 rooms; downtown; good
furniture and carpets; good value; fine tran-
s'ent; $20C0. Box 463. Call office.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms: good locations;
honest value perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned. SCHWE1NHARD & CO..
917 Market st, orp. Mason, phone Mint 1911.
TO, sell your lodging house or furniture and
secure satisfaction write or call SCHWEIN-
HAKD & CO., 917 Market et., opp. Mason,
tel. Mint 1911.
A SPLENDID lodging-house; rooms all full;
snar-r bargain. COWING & CO.. 710 Market.
LODGIXG-IIOUSES TO LET.
HOWAIID. 860 — Lodging-house of 22 rooms.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. S?3 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLKAXL\G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
I 453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 2i0.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth Et.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
; DENTISTS.
AT the ELECT^O-DENTAlTc'LiNicTlw Mar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teerh
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 .to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M." P., .Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
' the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless . dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and brldgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $3; fillings,
60c: crown,$3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 8th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush--
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YODNO, 1841 Polk st. _^
j _DOG HOSPITALS.
PR- BUZARD'8 Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore-
Advlce and medicine 75c; city visits $150; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 63B.
DR. CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggist* or at hospital. 610 Golden Gate av.
DRESSaiAICKUS AND SEAMSTUKSsES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
. School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market Bt.,
above Sixth,
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O' Connor&Moffatt.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ne^s.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary St., dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Suttef Bt., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
EMUCATIOXAL
AYRES 1 Business' College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, JOO; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy: day and evening:
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters. .
WANTED— By expert Eastern tuner, a limited
number of pupils of either sex in piano tun-
ing; rare chance to learn this lucrative occu-
pation; terms reasonable. Address H.
EMERSON, box 29S0. Call Office.
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
, colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Acting.
310-312 O'Farrell at.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room C3. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING,* free trial; prU-ate lessons: 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$25. TARR, expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NKSS COLLEGE. 123S Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons. 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS. 204
Sutter St.; Main 100.
WANTED— Bright ladles and gents to Join a
new school osteopathy and medicine. Box
3219, Call office.
7JTHER lessons given by Max Maier, teacher
of zither, 52G Turk st.. bet. Larkln and Polk.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., djjyir eve.: $5 mo. 102t Mission, nr 6th.
heald's Business college. 24 Post st..
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
PIANO lessons; $1 a month. Address box 32C9,
Call.
"CALL" WANT ADS PAY.
Tlkphom-M^n I 8SS. MEMORANDUM.
"™ PAULKEYSER, L^ J»Q^ Q _
Seeds, Grain, Produce, etc. <2a^J' y
20* CLAY STREET. "¦T^jrtV.n^ '" *"j"^-^' ~
¦ /y <jv
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ONE splendid Brewster carriage, gold mounted
i and harness to match; also 1 fine coupe and
j Victoria. I. H. GOLDMEYER. 1323 Green st.
( ALL kln'Js of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
I etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
I AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
I camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2J-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ne?s. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
< CHIROPODISTS.
I BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, warts: abso-
I lute cure, painless. DR. DUNCAN. 415 Suttfr.
Si MUTUALISM.
1 . _^ .
: SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. S58 Mis-
! Pion; readings daily; 25c. 50c and $1; circle
I Tues., Thurs., Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
' MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde St.. nr. McAllister;
j circle to-night 10c; skeptics Invited; sit. dally.
! MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 &
I 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G. $1; L. iflc.
! MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
I medium, life reader; sitting $1 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future; never falls; has the greatest
I Egyptian secret; shows picture future hu«-
i band or wife; fee 2Hc and up: Fatlsfaetlon to
I everybody: open Sundays. 11C7 Market St.,
between Seventh ar.d 'Eighth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies bOc;
gpnts $1; >>alm & clalr. sit. $160. 126 Turk st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card-reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
\TEST, business medium, card reader, 25c up;
German spoken. 823 Mission 6t.,nr.4th; no sign.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy.ls the great palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.; no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue etmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; -25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLTi: — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
CO^LJEC^O^^N^OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less cuccessful. Room 310, 927 Market St. - ¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; 3 rooms and bath; completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; piano. ¦ 30 Dearborn
st., off Seventeenth, near Valencia; $15.
COTTAGE of 5 sunny rooms, basement, $11.
127^4 Morris ave., off Bryant, near Sixth.
MODERN cottage: 6 rooms and bath. . 311 Stetn-
er St., near Halrht.
SUNNY cottage. 212^ Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,' 14 Mont-
gomery St.
TO LET— Cottage of 6 rooms, bath; 1306 Lar-
kln st. Ap:ily 1313 Larkln st.
3 ROOMS; $S: 237 Sunnyslde ave., or will sell
- $T.O ca&h, J10 per month. THE McCARTHV
CO., C46 Market st.
$5-COTTAGE, 5 rooms; worth $12 in city Holly
Park; water free. Apply 64 Silver st., off 3d.
$12 — S1TNNY cottage of 5 rooms and bath. An-
ply 33S0 22d El. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
$18-COTTAGE; 7 rooms, bath; sunny yard-
large basement. Key 711 Treat a vc.
. DENTISTS.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years', ex-
perience; no students; advice free;, prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEOROE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for I extracting I when plates are
made; old plates made over like new;~teeih
from JS per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
¦ >¦¦.' - ¦
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office: — Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn; tel. John 2121. SG6H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
BePt help. 411VJ O'Farrell St.: tel. En?t <26.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — KE.MALi:.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, experienced nurse, speaks
French, German and English, situation as
nurse to Invalid lady or lady's maid. Ad-
dress box 32C7, Call office.
WELL educated young lady,' including music,
drawing and painting, wishes position as gov-
erness. Addrers MISS A. GARD, general de-
livery, Oakland.
FRENCH lady teacher, also excellent German;
situation as governess. Box 3268, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wishes situation. Ad-
dress 242 Kisllng st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Ad-
dress MRS. SNYDER. 1429 Twentieth ave.
South.
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian cook, understands
some French. German and American cook-
ing; wages $23, $30; city or country. Address
726 Mission St. - »
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work: good cook: email family In city pre-
ferred. 24 Clara, off Folsom.
WANTED— Washing. Ironing; all kins of house-
work by the day. LYDIA R. TODD, 236
Clinton Park.
A TOUXQ girl wishes situation as chamber-
maid and sewing; good references; country
preferred. Box 3273, Call office.
EXPERT teacher for children; piano,* violin,
mandolin, guitar; Me at pupils' home. Box
3204. Call office. -r .
COMPETENT laundress wants work by the
day or take home gentlemen's flannels a spe-
cialty; best references. 1 Boston place.- off
First at. .'-..¦...
WANTED— By a middle-aged American lady,
position in small family as housekeeper. Call
at 112 Jones st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
821 Mission St., room 1.
COMPETENT, trustworthy woman wishes posi-
tion, day or week, attendant sickroom, room-
ing-house or position of trust; references. 618
Ellis St.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by mlddle-
aged German lady without lncumbrance; good
home; small wages; country. Box 2995, Call.
SUITS made $5; wrapper BOc; waist 35c. 402
Mason at. ' ...
NURSE would like work In a sanitarium or
other Institution. K. L.. box 20O7, Call office.
Oakland. . .
YOUNG woman wishes housework by day. 13C
Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED English governess desires
dally or resident re-engagement; competent to
take entire charge and teach thorough Eng-
lish,' music, drawing; excellent - testimonials.
Address G. B.. box 3423. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman: flrst-class
cook, wishes situation as independent cook on
farm or In good toarding-house; can cook for
30 to 40 men. 723 Eighth st.. Oakland.
TRAINED nurse would like . the' care, of • In-
valid or a young child; country preferred.
MISS OUISE KLECH. Lorin, P. O., Berkeley.
HOUSEQIRL.- thoroughly reliable and obliging,
desires work "in country; references if re-
qulred. Box 2999. Call office. ;'~ • -.-.•:
BY German •- girl to do housework. Address
M. B., 703 San Bruno ave.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. : 116 Sixth et.. room 6. . ', . .
PLEASANT middle-aged lady, . with boy of . 8,
wishes situation as housekeeper; city or short
distance in: country. -Inquire 205 Sanchez st.
SWEDISH girl, flrst-class cook, wishes situa-
tion in American family; wages no less than
$30. Box 3413, Call. .
A- - ¦¦' ¦ '¦¦'' :
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- — FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman would like situation rs
working housekeeper; small wages, Dut UKht
work; good, references. MRS. LOU LESTER,
. San Ramon. Contra Costa County.
RELIABLE woman, with girl 9 years old,
wishes place as cook or working housekeeper;
city or country. Address MRS. A. HAYE3,
3279 Mission st. '.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $5
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
raceived at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptiors has been established at 1096 Va-
Ienc><i st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
NOTICE to fruit farmers, fruit pickers and
others— O-chsrd and vineyard help furnished
promptly by J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. STi
Sacramento at.
AMERICAN Eastern young fellow, 22 years
old. Intelligent, honest, active and polite, de-
sires a position in lawyer's or physician's of-
fice or as a valet: one who would take an In-
terest In him asi roommate as well as em-
ploye preferred; References. Box 1910, Call.
BARTENDER wants position; city or coun-
try; flrst-class references. Box 2336. Call.
SITUATION wanted as coachmah or care of
horses, garden, etc., $20 per month; city ref-
erences. Box 3205. Call office.
GENTS' furnishing; wanted, a situation by a
competent middle-aged man. Address box
3206. Call office. .
TIMEKEEPER or driver for delivery goods for
*j some store; knows city well: good references
•given as to honesty, sobriety; wanted by mid-
dle-aged man, who speaks, writes well Eng-
lish. French, Italian. Address box 3272. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking: wages
small If good place: ref. II. Warren. 410 6th.
FIRST-CLASS fireman wants work; has flrst-
class reference. Box 3270, Call office.
WANTED— Position as traveling salesman rep-
resenting Pacific Coast mfgr.; long acquaint-,
ance and experience Colorado west: salary:
references. Address box 3212, Call office.
POSITION in wholesale house by young mar-
ried man; good education: strictly sober; not
afraid of work: good carpenter and teamster;
best of city references. Box 3209, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by a practical engineer
and machinist of 13 years' experience; under-
stands dynamo: has Borne tools; wages $2
per day. Box 2372, Call Bfflce. •
A GOOD cook, sober, steady and clean, desires
a position; city or country; state wages. Box
3223, Call. •
MAN thoroughly understands horses and cows,
also' handy with tools, would like position;
city or country. Box 3222, Call.
YOUNG attorney, graduate leading law col-
lege: some practical experience, desires po-
sition In law office; good rustler; will type-
write; small salary. Box 29S3, Call office.
SINGLE worklngman wishes steady place In
country or city;- carpenter by trade. /Address
box 29S6, Call office.
A RELIABLE man, German, wishes position
as saloon porter or work of any kind. Ad-
dress OTTO MAYER, 254 Clara st.
FOR good all-around cook, country hotel pre-
ferred, call or write room -SOS, Winchester
Hotel, Third St.; Ban Francisco.
JAPANESE honest boy wishes light work every
morning and evening; wages no object." but
want room and board. Address A. FRANK,
14 Selina place, off California st.
JAPANESE trustworthy young boy wants posi-
tion as schoolboy in this city; wages no ob-
Ject. K. O. P.. 407 Post st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllimore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla «t.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market ' St.
100 houses, flats, etc.
41S Herman; h. 8 r.$27 50,53 Tremont av; c. 6 r.$20
220 Hyde; h. 8 r... 40 00 16P0 Ellis; f. G r IS
E89 Geary; f. 6 r.. 30 C0'l32SB Hayes; f. S r.. 20
2019 Pine: f. 6 r... 25 00 : 346 Waller; f. 6 r l"0
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Upper sunny flat. 7 rooms
and bath; finished room In basement.
CORNER, new 6-room lower flat; separate en-
trance; rent J20. Jackson and Larkln sts.
ELEGANT, new, furnished upper flat, 5 rooms
and bath; 21 Oak st.; rent reasonable. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath, bay-window, $12. 716
Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 3 rooms and sunny yard; water free;
$7. Apply at S24 Fell st.
FLAT. 6 sunny rooms; bath. 261S Twenty-sec-
ond Bt.. near Potrero ave.
FLAT to rent. 19 Adelaide place off Taylor St.,
between Post and Geary.
FLAT 6 sunny rooms; large yard; fine view.
707 Stockton st.
FLAT 5 sunny rooms, $1J5. 127H Morris ave., oft
Bryant, near Sixth.
HICKORY ave., 1S2, near Gough. upstairs— Flat
of 3 sunny furnished rooms; rent reasonable.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat, 4 nice rooms. 14 Moss St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. 'near Howard; $12.
MISSION, 1515, near Eleventh — 6 sunny rooms;
bath, laundry, yard; rent J1S.
NICE upper flat. 6 rooms, bath; garden; walk
to business: $20. SIS Lombard st.
SECOND, 523 — 2 nice sunny rear flats, 3 and 4
rooms; rent $8 and $10: bath, yard.
SI7NNY 5- room flat, new; porcelain bath; open
\ilumbing; modern improvements; $19. 1404
Pacific st.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath. 126% Liberty.
TO let— Sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; nice
. and clean: one block from Fllimore and Cas-
tro st. cars. 3439 Sixteenth st.
TWO sunny flats, 4 and 5 rooms, $8 and $3.
254 and 256 Jessie St. . ,
4-ROOM flat with large yard, stable and
wagon sheds. 2 Hay ward st.. near Eighth.
$10 EACH — 3 or 4 sunny rooms; will rent as a
whole for $1S. 100S Natoma Bt.. near 11th.
$10— UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St., off -Market, near Valencia.
$11 — FLAT, 4 rooms, basement: folding doors.
715 Tehama st., nr. Eighth: references.
$15— A NEW 5-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free: 3748 Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO
W. II. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market stl
$18— UPPER flat. 5 rooms, bath, gas, mantel,
tubs; yard. 2261 Geary st.
$2Qr-MODERN sunny upper 6-room flat: yard:
Mission warm belt. 9 Chattanooga, near 21st.
FLATO TO LET — FURXISHED.
GROVE, 818. near Fllimore— Furnished flat of
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and side
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON & BURKE.
SEVENTH, 46— Flat, 4 sunny rooms; opposite
new Postofflce: rent low.
FLATS WANTED:
BY a small American family, a small flat of 3
or 4 sunny rooms and bath: rent must be rea-
sonable. Box 3213, Call office.
-FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE — New 6-room flat for sale; flat
for rent; good location. Box 3201, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted
M. SHverstetn. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED .WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission;- tel. Red 3353.
1IELV WANTED — FEMALE.
"C.Tr."ha:csEn' & CO Phone Grant iST"
-.HOTEL DEPARTMENT 1 .'..
Arm waitress. Nevada. $23 and found: 4
waitresses, different city hotels, $20; 8 wait-
resses, country. $20 and' $25, many fare paid;
2 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7; 2 chimbor-
inalds to * wait, $20: chambermaid waitress.
Pnclllc Grove, fare paid. $20; 2 chambermaids
$18 and $15; woman cook. $30 and X25; sal.p-
, lady, camly store, country, $7 week, fare p«nd
FAMILY DEPARTMENT . .;:.....'
Working housekeeper for old lady, see party
here at "Monday, $15; second girls, city.
Frultvale,' Berkeley.; Alameda. S2O and $15:
woman with a child, $15; -ranch cook, $25; 50
" orders fov cooks, houseglrls,' nursextrls etc.
etc. C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Oeary'st. '
OPERATORS on muslin •- underwear; steady
.work; go< d pay. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 San-
some st:-; :
WOMAN to* Iron; hand laundry; steady: call
early. 121 Corbett ave., near Douglass st. ' '
ENTERPBTSINO woman wanted . by ' reliable
firm;, stai e age. Box 3271, - Call office. ;< .
HELP WA-'<TED-FEMALE.
WANTED— Housegirls, Palo Alto. $25: Oakland.
$25: Mill Valley. $23; Santa Cruz. $25; Vaca-
vllle, $20; Santa Rosa. $25; Belvedere. $i>;
Sonoma.' $25: Pinole. $25; Mlllbrae. $23: oss
Valley. $25; Berkeley. $23: German nurse. J20:
French nurse, $20; German nurse and cham-
bermaid, one child. $20; 3 nurseglrls, $1S;
nursegirl, $20, see lady at 11 a. m.. : chamber-
maid and waitress, miners' hotel. $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— GERMAN cook, no wash. $35; 3
cooks, short distance. $30; 2 Protestant second
girls $20 and $25; German nurse. $20; French
nurse. $20, and a very large number of girls
for general housework In Jewish and Ameri-
can families In the city; call early Monday.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT girl to do general housework and
plain cooking. 1042 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin udiJct-
wcar; steam power; steady work. Q. \v.
REYNOLDS. 597 Mission St.. corner Second.
LADY of indomitable energy: poss^sed of self
assertion: good opportunity for right, party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
GIRL for light housekeeping: sleep at home;
wages $10; references. 1813 Post st.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409A Turk st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; 3 adults; CO.
1536 Grove st., 1 to 5. _j
RELIABLE girl for housework: six-room flat;
family of three; wafies $20. 411ft Cole it..
Park Panhandle. _^
WANTED— A girl to cook and do general
housework; wages $20. 1332 Page st.
WANTED— Competent German girl for general
housework. Apply 1217 Greenwich st.
WANTED— Experienced operators and neck-
wear makers; also apprentices. L. SAM-
TER & SON, 51S Market st.
GIRL for light housekeeping; wages $15; call
in morning. 1673 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for general housework; wages $12. 1212
Howard st.
WANTED-Glrl for seneral hodlsework and
plain cooking. Inquire at 333 Capp, nr. ISth.
BRENNER-ULMAN Co. want experienced
operators on dress shirts; steady work; best
pay. 10 Battery st.
GOOD trimmer wanted: rood salary. New
York Millinery. 12oS Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on wrappers. NEU-
BAUER BROS.. 13 First st.
STRONG girl to assist with housework and
children; call after 10. 2063 Twenty-flrst st.
EXPERIENCED lady In book bindery who
can sew blank, books. Oakland Enquirer. 416
Tenth 8 t.
¦WANTED — Girls In plckla factory: also boy 15
to 17 years old. 433 Seventh st.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School
will fit you for a successful business life;
dressmaking thoroughly taught; artistic de-
signing a specialty; millinery course unsur-
passed. MCDOWELL'S. 1019 Market st.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Calif ornian Canneries Co.. Ltd., Brannan at.
between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners Wanted; steady work-
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately. U
S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave.. bet
Seventh and Eighth, off Folaom.
GIRLS wanted^ t<> rivet overalls at LEV!
STRAUSS & CO'S factory. 32'/» Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply !
to MR. DAVIS. vv i t
FOR country: competent woman for general
housework and choking; 3 in family: $20 a
month; German or Scandinavian preferred
Write direct. MRS. A. W. JOHNSON. Upper
Lake. Lake Co.
WANTED— Experienced yo'jng lady to assist
at wrapping counter. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market st.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work; 3 In family. 12S3 Page'st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on duck coats and
pants. MAJOR CONWAY. 86 Flood building.
GIRL to do housework at once; family of J;
$13; references. 131H Castro, corner 15th.
GIRL wanted for general housework, small
family. Call morning or address 2967 Howard.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. MFG. CO..-409A Turk st.
SKIRT hands wanted at 1426 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
WANTED— An experienced operator on Singer
machine: electric power. 231 Powell St.
WANTED — Women snd girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. between 13th and 14th.
HELP WANTED — MALB.
A— C. R. HANSEN Sc CO 104 GEARY ST
2C0 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work.. ..$2 a day
100 teamsters, 'Bakersneld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry ( $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
Wanted for big tunnel, Chatsworth Park:
60 tunnel men $2 to $2 50 a day
*? ?"H? ker8 $3 a day
2o driller? $2 a day
: Ship daily Office fee % $l Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road $2 25
day and up Fee $1 Free fare
Sawyer, small country sawmill. $45 and found :
blacksmith, city, $3; ranch blacksmith. $43:
ranch harness-maker. $35; farmer and wife
orchard, $35; gardener and wire, $iO; 6 mllkerg
$25 and $30; 6 quartz miners. $2 50; stablemen'
choremen and others.
•- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country hotel. $50; cook $40. dishwasher
$2o. both for small springs; 6 bakers' helpers
$2o. $30, $35; 6 waiters, country hotels, $25 and
: $30.
Assistant confectioner, country hotel $23
free fare; dishwasher, country hotel, $25, free
All-around laundryman. country. $15 a week-
marker and distributor, country. $12 a week'
2 hand Ironers, polisher, starcher. $2 50 a day
each, all for same laundry, north fare ad-
vanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
A CT WAXTED T Mo^ day « 7:J0 •• "»•• here, with
blankets ready to start on train. 50 laborers for
S. P. Co.'s own work at Surf. $2 a day board
$4 50 a week; free fare; office fee $1.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
WANTED '
For railroad— Free Fare— Free Far'e^-lVo' Va'borl
ers for different parts of California and Ne-
vada. Remember this work is for the rail-
road company, not for contractors; wages paid
in cash, no time checks: good board cheap and
long Job; see boas at office; office fee $1 and
no other expenses.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st
5 HOUSE carpenters for near city, $3 day- call
early Monday. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY
623 Sacramento st. - ...
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBERS wanted for city and country; steady
Jobs guaranteed. J. J. HEINZ. Official Em-
ployment Secretary. 630 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced salesman to sell egg
food. etc.. through country on commission-
mus ; "n^"' 111 * 1 Poultry-, horse and wagon
furnished. Address COOPER. P. Q. Station L.
PERSONS now holding positions can make
money without Interfering with present em-
ployment. For particulars address box 3274
Call ofnc#. ¦
B B lo J n MA t! CER ' MOdel Lodsln * House . '37 Mls-
W A N * T ED— Stronc boy used to help carriage
blacksmith. S02 Golden Gate ave. 0
WANTED-Nlsht coolTIt 43 Third St.
WANTED— Cook at 135 Fifth st.
1^^!^^ o? fl r ce merChant tM0Trn:
WANTED— Walter. 221 .Grant avg.
s 1! rTn t n - boy from 15 t0 " years "
lejo Steam Laundry, Vp.llejo. y ¦ . Y al
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main «-
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents
w »nt at 7 a. m. Monday "
"- "We ship free "'
4,- J? en for a11 P»rt» of California. CtaST
Washlngon. Arizona. Oregon. Colon-io \p
vada. British Columbia an.l Hawaiian Sh'^T
•• Free fare and office fee only n
And no other expenses to Reno (Xev.) dlatri^
Los Angeles district Truckee d str «
Santa Barbara district Shasta S
wi!" City dls "fct.Crows LandS ££&
Santa Cruz district Newman feMei
Dunsmulr district ..BakersflSd uSJto
Soda Springs district Madera ,-. «r <
San Luis district surf a strL-i
zxxn'*** 1 10 Shasta Count r !!r
Redding d,,^ DursTnu
and other points ...gooiVxgll
and other place. : we .hip free.....!!?.. ffH
Come One, Come All
JiT?™^ ' Iabore ™. drillers, hammersrr.en.
quarrymen. spikers, «ectloa hands, tuanel-
J2.ll 90 a day and « free shipment
. no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally t 3
go to different railroads. Why? Because 't
costs only ji fee; no other expenses; come aee.
MURRAY* & READY.* O*4-'tM 'ci'ay /"*
A ~ ?* carpenters Carpenters Carpenter,
13 carpenters, bridge and trestla work. S3 22
day. very lonff Job. free fare ~.
5 carpenters for vineyards, ranches and wine-
ries; 25 rough carpenters for building flumes
etc.. I year's Job: also many house carpente'3*
wages J3 SO, $3. »2 50 and »2 a day and found '•
53 laborers to go with carpenters to help no
experience required, you'll suit, wages tn
$35, $40 and found. 1 year's Job
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay 'it*'*
A— VERY IMPORTANT
Cooper, wine barrels. . etc., city.. ..J3 so (j ay
blacksmith's helper, city, and shoe..J10 week
cake bakers' helpers, also boys to learn....
5 teamstera for ranches -..$32 50 and found
10 laborers. San Mateo Co V>Z and foun.1
coachman. $30 and found; general utility
man, $30 and found; 13 men. free fare fai
trucking, etc.. $40 and found and free far?
no experience wanted; 13 boys or men to
drive nails and close boxes, etc.. city board
home. city. »1 to *1 50 day: man to ride horse-
back and carry United States mail
MARRIED '.'.'
4 farmers and wives, see boss here
FRUIT PICKER3
25 men and boys to pick fruit, J30. «2S. IZV
and found
general utility man. institution.. $30 and found
....RIDE HORSEBACK-BREAK STOCK....
6 men for a large ranch to break stock. $33 59
and found
3 boys for our own office.. _ \
polisher, country laundry, $50
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay it
A— FREE FARE
Mines — Gold, silver and other mines. 1S3 min-
ers, some single-hand, some double, soma
machine and Burlelgh drillers for 37 different
m'nes $S0. $75 and $£0 and found
365 men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience required.
|£O, $50. $43. $40 per month and found, coma
: see; fireman, is muckers, $60; 12 men to leara
mining
CROWDS GOING.. MURRAY & READY.""
BIG WAGES PAID 834-636 Clay »t.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
"• 33 SAWMILLS. ETC
Circular sawyer. $4 and found
20 swampers, $40 and found
spool tender, $So and found
26 bark peelers, $40 and found,
gang edger hand, $50 and found
• jackscrewera
screw turner, $63 and found tree fellers
bench hand, planing mill. $30 drag sawyer
woods foreman: sawmill foreman; band saw-
yer and all kinds of help for mills and
wood3, $120 to $30 and found
ANYBODY WILL SUIT
3C5 laborers and men for sawmills and woods,
you'll suit, no experience wanted. $30, $33. Hi)
and $."0 and found
4S7 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc., for all
parts of California, some at gold mines. $3,
$2 iO. $2. $1. 75c cord. 10c. lie. 12c. 13c each.
tools and food found; 23 two-horse teamsters
for mill. $S0
WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FAP>ES 634-636 Clay it.
A-FRUIT PICKING 3 MONTHS' JOB
93 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruits, etc., anybody will do $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME down and get our list of 7S63 Jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards. COMB
EAHLY. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— STABLES. Dairies. Farms. Harvest
; FIELDS....HAY PRESSES. ...ORCHARDS...
ETC... .COME.. ..SEE
3'i stablemen for city and country Jobs: host-
lera. buggy washers, harness cleaners and all
round stablemen, $-10. $10, $40. $35, $30, $25 and
found
<C farmhands, etc.:..; JSSL"' $30. $26 and found
ai milkers and butter makers
$33. $30. $25 and found
12 harvest hands. 6 hay balers $3 50 day
12 choremen and boys. $23, $20, $15, $10 and fd;
sheep herrWs; coachmen and gardeners prt-
vate. MUItRAY_&_RE_A_DY. 634-S36 Clay »t-
A— MECHANICAL HELP ~
36 blacksmiths, also helpers and horseshoers!
$3 to $2 a day *
6 wagon woodworkers, $2 £0. $3. .'.'.*'.'.".!!."*.".'.*.*.*.!
; coremakers. $3
5 carrtage makers. $3 « Iron molders. $3 JO
3 bridge builders. $3 50 paper-har.«<—
handy man around machinery on ranch $30
and found; painters, carrtaire- trtmmm, 'tar-
ness makers, cabinet makers, and
other mechanics. $3 50. $4, $3 $2 50 day
COME ALL
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay it.
A— WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT
1S37 to upward of 17.CC0 men
13!>3 to upward of 13.000 men
1339 to upward of 21.000 men
3S6 teamsters, laborers, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, including San Francisco and Oakland,
$3. $2 50. $2. $1 75 day. some boardT at home....
accountant for lumber company
boys for factories, stores, etc.. $4. $5. $8 week:
boys to deliver circulars: farmers and wives;
choremen and wives. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL LAUNDKY....BAKERY..Butc!jers*
department
4S cooks, come see.... $70, $«0. $30, $40. $30 fi
33 waiters $35. $30. $2S and found
19 dishwashers.... $30. $28. $23. $20, $15 and fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for in-
stitutions, sausage makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35. $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and aylrtmts. second and third
hands: also boy». $50. $60. $40. $30, $25 and fd:
14 laundrymen. $35. $30 and found: COME SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Fence letterer to accompany camp-
Ing wagon through State. Address, stating
experience and pay wanted, COOPER, P. O.»
Station L.
i ¦
i WANTED— Clarionet players for th» band of
| the flagship Iowa. Call on board.
! SEAMEN wanted for British ships ' gofng to
: Eurcp*. Apply at clothing store. 315 Drumia
St.. btftireea Jackson and Washington.
A THIRD iiard to assist la bread and cakes;
gay w.-rit. Call 344 Slxta st.
GOVERN StZNT rosiUcs*— I?ca' t prepare for
I any cixii *»r«1c« »t»-'-«-v^ wltiout see!a£
cur C^i*".r»:j>J aiZii-Mrs* •" ta^gTstft?a: **at
fre*. CoC-=r£t*a Ojcrtsjcoiraw CzL'.tf*.
WAXTET*— Er- rsi 5cT *2vtc: 3 -rspw t» Twff
week. Cii: SI.TSisy ¦a.TT.^r.F *2 H8'>V?un:'k
COOK WTstiv» at 2S vfert^t **•»
WANTED— nrrt->i»» J*wCrr *msr-tt««wr: «t*»iy
posltlca. E*:i*ta ¦?#«*:¦«¦.. frtf ttJLrtf: st.
WANTED— Exr*-**^ trxvtCSX =*=* far gen.'
eral line: stat* *xt*t'.#3o». r**»re=c*s and «a>
ary. Addrega t»cx C?>» Cai: jr£j».
WAITER wanted. Call at i~ Third it.
WANTED— A good aJl-arousd coci at » Fourta
street. m
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper ca wigoa
work. S37 Brancan st.
WANTED— Flr»t-c!ass carpenter. Apply s,t S25
Sacramento st. Monday mornlcg.
WANTED— A mate; sch. Enterprise for Hono-
lulu. Apply to-day at Beale-st. wharf.
WANTED— A first-class barkeeper; state par-
ticulars and reference. Box 3224. Call office.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap: own-
er leaving city. Address box 3225. Call oiZce.
WANTED— A boy about 18 years nf age. Ap-
- ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. corner Powell
and Eddy sts.
WANTED— A flrst-class window dresser. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market St.. 3. F.
WANTED— Smart errand boy In wholesale
house. WIENER & MERZBACH. 1C» San-
some st. ,
GOVERNMENT positions— Where they are.
how obtained, salaries paid: particulars free;
write for circular 115. National Correspond-
ence Institute. Washington. D. C.
SEVERAL trustworthy persona to manage our
business In their own and nearby counties:
mainly office work conducted at home; salary
$300 a year and expenses: mention refcrenca
ard Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope.
The Dominion Co.. Dept. L.. Chicago.
WANTED—
Laboring men. $1 85 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men. $2 40 to $1 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING W0RK3.
Keswlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
A — ALTO and base players. Canteen, southeast
corner Greenwich and Lyon sts.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. J: R. SMITH
TAILORING CO.. 310 Bush st.
WANTED— YounK boy to run elevator. $1 50 a
week and board. 233 Post St.. room 1.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 3d nts.
A BRIGHT boy can pay for an education at
Ayres Business College by working two hours
each day.
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market st.
new goods; quick sales; salary or commit.
Fro^ C buTldln S ?° Untnr - J ' °4THE SAX iJTKATSClSCO CALL; SUNDAY, ; AUGTJST 5, 1 900.
37
PHRSOXALS.
MIDDLE-AGED man with good position wishes
to correspond with honest lady; object matri-
mony; Ptrictly confidential. Box 29S3. Call.
A REFINED widow. 29. wishes the acquaint-
ance of a gentleman of means: object matri-
mony; references exchanged. Address box 3207,
Call office.
A REFINED young lady desires to meet gen-
tleman of good appearance and fond of
amusements: object matrimony. Address box
2977. Call office.
YOUNG man 38, American, wants to correspond
with working lady of suitable age; Protestant
s preferred. Box 3221. Call office.
MEET me at 46 Market St., Rosle. Don't fall
to call; very Important.
ALL your troubles cease when I treat your
hair for any disease known to the scalp; gray
restored; hair grown; dandruff cured; Luxu-
rlol bust develouer never falls. MRS. E. R.
DUNLAP, St. Ann's Mdg.. 6 Eddy St., S. F.
"HAIR Doctor's Remedy"; perfection; prevents,
corrects premature age: harmless! Why? Be-
cause use myself. Kuester. Specialist. 1152
Franklin et., Oakland; details stamp.
I HEALTHY blonde girl baby for adoption.
; MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
YOUTH and beauty once more restored by
using Mme. Fisher's preparations, 19 Powell.
A GENTLEMAN of middle age desires posi-
tion as librarian, secretary, cashier or any
work not Involving physical labor; highest
references offered. Address box 29S5, Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1S87; reliable and con-
fidentlal; lists. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis Bt
AMATEUR photographers— Save 50 per cent by
having your wcrk done at Rembrandt Studio,
£50 Market St., cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3Hx3V4,
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fegslonal advice free; lessons given. 50c each.
INSTITUTE of Science; suggestive therapeu-
tics; magnetic healing: personal magnetism:
hypnotism. PROFESSOR FISHER, In-
gtructor. E17 Mason st.
MME. ADA. 34 Kearny. 47 Post, office 10-11; If
sick, suffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gifted healer; she will cure you.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser; any ttyle
25c; see window display of Qulntonica this
week; switches $1 up. 123 Stockton st
THE adult class. at Flnman's School of Danc-
ing. 1412 Polk st:. is now open: the children's
class will open Saturday afternoon, Aug. 11.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 857 Jessie st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by' using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
THE i HUDSON RIVER CO., ~~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated; honest work guaran-
teed: prices defy competition: flne upholstery;
phone 5309; factory, 318 and 320 Eleventh St.;
first-class cleaning and dying. 409 Sutter St.,
San Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to' and from the ferry-
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth. .
MISS SHELDON, the celebrated mind-reader.
850 Market St.. parlor 37.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic, extract
Quinine Bark; beneficial, harmless; 35c bot.
DR. E. C. MERVY has taken new offices at
1505 Stockton st. .
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
eold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom, teL Folsom 119L
LEDERER'S Qulntcnlca Hair Tonic stops hair
falling out; makes the hair grow; 35c bot.
WANTED— Old-fashtoned silver, brass, copper
ware; curies, all descriptions, 525 Dupont Bt.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 40L
AL.FREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CART -OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny Ht.
PHYSICIANS AND SUIIGEONS.
DR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
¦ turned practice at 12C6 Market St., corner
Taylor; offices 25 and 26; take elevator.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21H Market st.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
STOCK ranch on shares by responsible man, or
will lease for term of years. Address box
2090. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CIT Y— KOR . g ALB.
LYON- & HOAG,
REAL ESTATE........ INSURANCE
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3,860— Handsome corner residence in best sec-
tion of Mission warm belt; contains 8
rooms, etc.; very easy terms; large cor-
ner lot.
$3,000— $1000 cash, balance monthly; flne new
residence; 7 rooms, bath, etc.; finished
basement; lot 25x100; Ninth ave., not far
from the park.
$3,250 only — A northeast corner; good bay-win-
dow houpe of 7 rooms and bath; sun all
. day; Buchanan st., near Oak.
RARE OPPORTUNITY.
Market-st. property; choice lot on north side
of Market st., between 14th and 15th; 25x
130- must be sold; offer wanted.
CHEAP VACANT CORNER LOT.
13,000— Corner Jones st. and Broadway; 47:6 feet
by 60; flne lot for flats; a snap.
HANDSOME LOTS SACRIFICED.
$10 750— Choice location In 'Western Addition;
close to town; three swell flats; new
marble steps; open plumbing; expensive
mantels; rents $95; always rented; good
tenants.
17 G00 Will trade for Improved property; flne
corner 50-vara I lot, on car line; good
marine view; could be subdivided and
' sold readily.
LYON & HOAG.
REAL ESTATE INSURANCH
"n~ 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
! 7 F. B. SURRYHNE, r ,,, N'.rv
REAL ESTATE AGENT. ...138 Montgomery at.
$4500— RENTS $540 PER ANNUM.
Clay st nr. Hyde; double house of 8 rooms
and bath' each; lot 37:6x71:5 ft.; this la a bar-
Ka ' n ' $3600~RENTS $384 PER ANNUM.
A nice little Investment; nr. Guerrero and
Mai-kef 2 flats. S and 6 rooms; lot 25x75. •
. $4750-RENTS $510 PER ANNUM.
Another nice Investment; near Halght and
Steiner; 2 nica flats, 5 and 6 rooms; lot 24x100.
J125O— Nice bay-window cottage, 5 rooms and
bath- lot 25x70; within a block of Mission st. :
eai-y'terms If desired. .-
$6500— Clay et.. near Scott; flne modern resi-
dence* 10 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:6.
J9000— Elegant new modern, residence; Page
st nr Baker: 12 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:6. j
$625O^-Bealitlful cottage, 8 rooms _ and bath;
Halght st.: lot 27:6xlo.:6._"---
$7500-McAlllster st.,' nr. Etelner; elegant resi-
dence, 9 rooms and bath; lot 26:6x110. '
FOR sale A modern new house:' contains sa-
lon parlor, dinine-room finished In • oak.
kitchen, four bay-window bedrooms upstairs,
bllllard-room and 7 storeroom In basement;
price $.1C00; terms to suit, 163 Carl St., neftr
Etanynn. < ' ¦ ' * ' ' . - .--...-'
$3500 — MUST -be sold - this week; house, of 8
rooms-, lot 25x127:6; one-quarter cash. Eddy
St., near Scott. :
12100— Cheap at $3000; Natoma st; house of
6 rooms: street work done. . .
I JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery et.
REAL S8TATE— CITT— FOB SAXBL
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTY.
Near City Hall: 27:9x127:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only $43,500.
$•0,000— Market st.. near City Hall; 2-story
brick building; rents $135; lot 25x100.
H-ST. FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at of flee.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27.500— tPaciflc-ave. residence: elegant modern
residence. 17 rooms. 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$3000— Green St., near Gough; good residence,
9 rooms and bath and laundry; lot 120:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$30,000 — Geary Bt.. near Van Ness ave.: 4 resi-
dences: rents $1SO; lot 97:6x120 to rear street.
$37,500— Folsom s=t., corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents $170; lot 100xS7:6.
$11,000— Rents $113; Castro st., corner; stores
and flats; lot 50x$0.
BARGAINS.
$3500 — Mission road, near Thirtieth: one-story
building containing store and 3 living rooms
in the rear; street work done; lot 26x72; terms
$1100 cash, balance monthly payments.
$37; 0 — Cumberland St., corner of Ixdores: 2
fine flats; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $36;
lot iaxSS.
AN OFFER WANTED.
f&X'O— Rents $55, Natoma ft., near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above: lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$15,000— Beautiful residence In the Mission; 14
rooms. 2 baths; tire grounds; sun all around:
lot 75x115; make offer.
$28.000— Price reduced: Washington st. resi-
dence, with flne marine view; large garden; sun J
all day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fail to see this j
property. '
$2750— Richmond District: entirely new; 2 cot-
tages; modern In every respect: easy terms.
$3250— Sunset District: 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences, Just completed; 6 rooms and
bath and basement; lot 2Sxt20; easy terms; call
at branch office; Ninth ave. and H st.
$4000— Steiner st., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
lot 25x90.
VACANT LOTS.
$40OT— Steiner. near Fulton: lot 27:6x110.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; corner;' 137xl27:8*i:
flne marine view; choice re;«ldenc" lot. \ '
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY. I
$3250 — Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath: I
partly finished attic: large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Offers wanted for following property:
$12,000 — Pays 7 per cent net; flne improve-
ments: Bush St., near Stockton; 2 frontages.
$50.000— Income nearly $5000 per annum; flne
investment; close to Powell and Putter sts.
$12,0€O— Hyde St.. near Sutter; good location
for lia's. physician or sanitarium.
Must be sold to close an estate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN!'.! For sale, lot 23xlCO. located on
California st. South, bet. 2d and 3d aves..
Richmond district; lot is level, ready for
building; street sewered: owner is forced to
sell Immediately; no reasonable offer refused;
title Is guaranteed by the California Title In-
surance and Trust Co. Apply room 603, Ex-
aminer building.
SACRIFICE!!! To close an estate, a 2-story
house, 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x96 ft.; lo-
cated on Larkln St., near Greenwich; mort-
gage of $2200 to Hibernla Bank can remain;
make an offer at once. For further informa-
tion apply room 603, Examiner building.
NEW handsome park residence: only 1 left of
4; contains 8 rooms. In well built, up-to-date;
will be sold cheap; 82S Clayton St.. south of
Halght; Sixth and Taylor sts. and Masonic
ave. cars pass the door. J. STIERLEN,
owner, on premises.
$5300— MODERN 9-room house In choice location !
on Waller st., near Pierce. 1 block from
Haight-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings, 3 wood mantels, hard fin-
ished basement, etc. : terms one-fourth cash.
balance $5» monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell, then call
on W. J. GUNN. 530 California St.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
J-ROOM cottage; 237 Sunnyslde ave. ; $50 cash,
110 per month. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646
Market st. _¦
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath; lot 50x100; Mis-
sion; easy terms or v .cant lot. 413 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE — COU.VTIIV — For Sale
A FEW UNEQUALED BARGAINS.
NAPA COUNTY.
200 aer es— Only $1850: all good pasturage; con-
siderable cultivated; good residence, barn, poul-
try arrangements, fencing, bearing family or-
chard: living springs and creek: includes some
stock and implements; only 7 miles by Al road
from Napa.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
1100 acres— Excellent stock or general farm.
100 cultivated. 100 more should be; 20 acres
bearing vineyard: some orchard; will easily
carry 100 cattle, 250 hogs (thousands of tons of
acorns every year> and all work stock the year
round; fully 20.C0O cord of oak easy of access; 4
horses haul 3 cord, worth $5 50 a cord, to Napa:
easily $15.©f>0 profit from wood alone: complete
set buildings; fencing; 20 living springs, etc.;
located 1 mile from school and P. O.:.only 12
miles by flne road from Napa; can be bought
for one-third actual value, or will exchange for
smaller place near town.
135 acres; all flne land; 12 acres thrifty vine
yard; 5 acre* bearing orchard; 20 acres plow
land- balance best of wooded hill pasture: good
fencing: spring water piped everywhere; Al 6-
room residence, rock cellar: barn, poultry ar-
rangements, etc.; fine building for store and
saloon: unequaled location for business; it is a
complete and lovely home ranch, recently held
at $10,000; now In Al condition, but offered for
$3250; buildings cost more money; it's a snap.
GILT EDGE.
40 acres of very flne loam: first-class fruit
or vineyard land; now raising heavy crops of
grain, corn and vegetables: good fencing; flne
new 7-room residence, cost $1SOO; barn and
other outbuildings: 2 excellent wells; family
orchard; 3 miles by level road from Napa; 1
Lille from steamer landing; $4000.
HERE'S A DANDY.
100 acres: every inch first-class, highly culti-
vated level loam: Al fencing; complete set of
buildings; abundance water: bearing family
orchard, etc.: only 4 miles from Napa, for $5000.
SUBDIVISION SALE.
5, 10, 15. 20, any part of 200 acres; best land
and location within 2H miles of Napa. for f40
to J70 per acre: for cash or on easy terms; you
can't equal It.
' AN EARTHLY PARADISE.
2150 acres, of which 900 acres Is the very finest
highly cultivated valley land In Napa Co.; bal-
ance is unsurpassed wooded hill pasturage; good
fencing into several fields; 2 living creeks:
a great many springs; flne buildings; 10 acres
bearing orchard, etc: it's simply perfection of a
ranch: only S4O.OIX); worth double the money.
GOOD. COMPLETE AND CHEAP.
20 acres highly cultivated valley loam; flrst-
class fencing; 5 acres being orchard; good resi-
dence, barn, sheds, poultry -arrangements;
abundance of water; complete with stock, ve-
hicles, tools, poultry, hay, etc., for $2400; only 3
miles from Napa.
N. D. SICKEL8. the LAND AGENT, 6 Geary st.
ATTENTION. HOME-SEEKERS!
We are subdividing one of the finest pieces
. of orchard land In the famous Santa Clara
Valley, known as the San Martin Ranch. 74
miles from San Francisco on the main line;
2 train.* dally: railroad station on the place;
town of San Martin part of the. property ¦with
Its $5000 Fchoolhouse; surrounded by beautlrul
orchard homes; will sell In tracts to suit upon
payment of 25 per cent down, balance at 6
per cent net; will refund fare to buyer; maps
and photos at office.
We have made arrangements with the R.
R. Co. to sell excursion tickets on Sunday
for $2 50 for round trip; cars leave Third and
Townsend sts. at 9 a. m.. back in city at
4:10 p. m., giving 2 hours on ranch: free car-
riage: our Mr. Bush will accompany Intend-
ing buyers. each Sunday; tickets good from
Saturday to Monday. $3.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 1J Post st.
ALFALFA and grain farm for sale or »¦»•
change. .
320 acreg In Fresno County and under dttch;
water only 20 cents per acre; 20 acres alfalfa;
small orchard; balance in grain; grain crop this
year over 2000 sacks; large house of 8 rooms,
barns, windmill, etc. price. $11,260.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
28 acres near Sonoma; 17 acres In orchard. 5
acres vineyard; all rich bottom land: flne house
of 7 rooms and bath, barns, windmill, etc.
Price. $8000.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
$1000-60 ACRES level rich land. Lake County;
all fanced: 6-room house, barn and outbuild-
ings; 10 acres alfalfa, 4 acres bearing orch-
ard; windmill and tank; plenty of water.
135 acres at probate sale In Lake County;'
well improved: cash offers for this property
received by C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st.. r. 6.
FOR sale — 5 acres at Menlo Park; small house,
barn and chicken houses; 15 large oak trees,
etc. Apply W. L. HARPER, 313 Examiner bl.
$250—120 ACRES on main road; near school; flne
fruit land: In the thermal belt: timber will
pay for land. W. —.FOSTER. Kelaeyvllla,
Lake Co.. Cal. '¦ -;. ...
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. P.-$40 to $80 per
¦ acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, 'chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and veeetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. 8th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
A BARGAIN-$1100; 5-roomed, hard finished
house; lot 75x125: Improved; water piped to
house; for particulars Inquire on premlnes
Davis St.. off Redwood road. Frultvale. MRS
F. LEMPP. . '
BARGAIN— Fine stock ranch and general farm
near railroad and this city; good Improve-
ments: a lovely home: investigate this. H.
' H. CRANE. 50S California gt. _
FOR RENT— 275 acre farm, Alameda Co • cash
. rent. H. H. CRANE, 508 California rt.
HAVING to go to Europe. I will sell my ranch
. of 160 acres, rich farm land, well Improved •
all fenced; plenty good water; 5 miles from
Livermore and lft mile* from a good country
school; at a bargain and easy terms. Addiess
Rasmus BJorn, Livermore. Alameda Co.. Cai.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & 'CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
$500 CASH; MISSION FLATS; $500 CASH.
BALANCE AS RENT; INTEREST 6
per cent; 2 sunny modern flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath; porcelain bath,
tile, mantel, etc.: on 25th tU
PAYS OVER 25 PER CENT
AFTER TAXES PAID.
$2,000 CASH; Franklin, nr. Hayes St.; 3 flats
and stable on lot 35x107:6 ft.; rents $310
per annum; all rented.
$200 CASH; COTTAGE; $200 CASH.
Balance as rent; Interest 6 per cent;
well built modern Mission cottage; t
rooms and bath and basement; lot 23
X114 feet.
$750 CASH; RESIDENCE: $750 CASH.
Balance as rent; new 2-story modern !
bay-windowed residence of 8 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100 ft.;, on » Sanchez, or:
ISth. st.
POST-STREET COTTAGE. "
$3,800— Well-built cottage of 5 rooms and bath
and basement: lot 25x137:8 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3,000—2 modern flats of 5 rooms and bath; !
rents $2S8 per annum; lot 25x137:6 ft.;
sunny side street.
LYON-STREET RESIDENCE.
$4,000— Modern residence. 7 rooms and bath
and basement; hot house; garden with
cement walks; make offer.
CALIFORNIA-STREEJj! RESIDENCE.
$12,500— Elegant modern residence of 12 rooms
and bath: best level block: lot 27:6x137:6
ft.; make offer.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' 63S MARKET STREET.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$55.000— NW. corner; Turk st.. near Larkin;
137:6x137:6; rents $295; partially improved.
$50,000— Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.; 99x240 feet; two frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin St.— 77x137:6; modern
house of IS rooms.
$13,000— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
3-story building; rents $132.
$12,600— Union St., near Taylor; S modern flats
and rear house; 25:9xl2S:9; rents $97.
$$000— Ellis St., near Octavia; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
$7250 — Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
100; house of 12 rooms.
$6500— Grove St.. near Central ave,; 25x137:6;
new three-story bay-window flats; rents $50.
$6000— Vallejo St.. near Mason; 48:l%xl37:6.
with an L; 2 flats and rear house; rents $64.
$6000— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents $46. . •
$5000— Green St., near Dupont; 26:6x80; 8 bay-
window flats; rents $55.
$4500 — Page st., near Pierce; 25x100; cottage;
rent $27 50. .
$4250— Webster St.. near Filbert; !5xl00; 6-room
cottage.
$3750— Ellis St., near Pierce: 30x75; cottage.
J2900 — Central ave.. near Hayes St., store and
4 rooms and bath: 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
$S00O— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 68x9S.
$6000 — Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.;
85x100; will subdivide.
$3500 — Fulton, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna st., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post fct.. near Devlsadero: 2 lots.
30x90— W. line of Mission. S. of Army: 3 lots.
$1750 — Corner Castro and Alvarado: 26:CxlO5.
$ir.00 — Sutter St., near Lyon: 35:3x100.
$1500— Union St.. near Pierce; 25:2x100.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage of the Very Low Prices! Don't
f Fail to See Us Before Buying!
$350 to $800— Choicest Sunset lots, near new
Music Stand; ready to build on; $10 monthly.
$250 to $750 — Choice Richmond lots for build-
ing; $10 monthly.
$75 to $250— On Mission st. and San Mateo car
line; only $5 monthly payments.
$5<V) to $100O— For small cottages: splendid lo-
tions; near cars; payments same as rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
• SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
___________ ___
HAWKS & SKELTON.
-> . 323 Montgomery st.
$2,500— SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert; 41x62; flne
site for home or flats; very cheap. /
$5,500— Lot SW. cor. . Grove and Devisadero;
34x110; on main drive to Park.
$3,250 — Lot W. line of Devlsadero. S. of Grove;
26x110; adjoining above lot.
$2,600— Lot 8. line Grove, W. of Devlsadero;
27x112; en main drive to Park.
$17,000— Business property; Fillmore. near Call-
¦--.;;.;¦¦ fornia; rents $1450 per annum; never va-
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery et.
$2600— WE have 2 lots on Dolores St., near 24th;
60x125. with the street In good order; we
can arrange a mortgage of $2100 on these
lots; they are remarkably cheap, as they
"..': .'must be sold: you can take one or two'
there Is an elegant view from the prop-
erty. ¦ . , . ,
$6000— A house and 2 flats on 'Sutter st.. near
• ' Baker: Days 9 per cent; they have to be
sold, as the mortgage is being foreclosed -
any one wanting a bargain in the Western
; Addition wants to Investigate this prop-
erty.
I $100 cash, balance easy terms; nice cottage
home. - . ¦•.".¦¦
AIcEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine street,'
Opposite Nevada Bank.
A splendid location for flats: lot 100x160. run-
ning from 13th st. to Clinton Park; clore to Va-
lencia and Market sts.; will be sold at a bar-
gain.
$3000— Rent $.32; a double flat in the front house
and a cottage in the rear; south of Market st.
$2700 — A one-story bay-window and basement -
5 rooms and bath: basement floored ready Tor 5
mo;e rooms; lot 25x114; flve doors from car line
. $3300— A splendid pick up; rent $360 per an-
num; store and flats a pick-up.
18000— Rent $780 per annum; on Fillmore it.; 4
fine flats; lot 60x80.
$4000— Credit sale; only $1000 cash; a flne Pan-
handle property; nearly new. house and lot 25x
110. ' •' - '. :
Reduced to $5750— Rent $540 per annum; a nice
Geary-st. business property, store and 2 flats.
$7250 — SEVENTEENTH St., near Valencia; 8
rooms, bath; 65x113. . •
"¦'.'."' $5500— Broadway, nr. Octavia; 9 rooms, bath;
: 25x130. '
$55<>0— Market St.. nr. Church; 7 rooms, bath;
25x100; mortgage $3000. - . , , .
$4000— San Bruno ave.; 2 flats; 50x100.
$3750— Guerrero , st. , nr. Market ; 6 rooms,
bath; 25x80; mortgage $2400.
$1300— Whitney St., nr. 30th: 2 lots; 25x125.
$1250 — Bryant St.; nr. 17th; 25x100; street ac-
$1250^-Douglaes st., nr. 17th ;• 25x125.
$1250— Liberty St., nr. Dolores; 23x114; fine
.¦ view. 1 - ' .'.;.¦ . !
¦ W. H.'-iCRIM'A CO.. 118 Montgomery »t. *
: C. C BEMIS, ReAl Estate and General Land
' ..'Agent, 324 : Montgomery, st. „
; Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts. : must be sold; 80x114 feet.
'. $1600-^N6rth line Carl st.,- near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet. ' ' ' ..: ¦ ¦¦ : ; - ¦ : ¦ -¦.-;.,
ALL sorts of ¦ financial' problems: solved byiH.
MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estate..
HEAL £STATC — CITY — FOH SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$5,300— Small cash payment, balance same as
rent; elegant new modern house just
completed; 9 rooms arid bath; nicely fin-
ished throughout: Western Addition;
handy to several lines of cars; must be
seen to be appreciated.
$2,650— Elegant modern home; Mission warm
j btlt: new house of 6 rooms and bath:
handy to Mlssion-at. cars; modern in
every respect; very easy terms.
. 13,000 — Rents $330 per annum; business corner
' on Pacific St.; 2 flats.
$1, 500— Another bargain; cottage of 4 rooms and
lot; In Mission warm belt; munt be sold
to close an estate.
$3,500 — Rents $540 per annum; 2 flats and 2-
story house and lot; near Third and Fol-
Bom sts.
$2.750 — Rents $132 per annum; near Sixth and
¦Mrannan sts.; 6 flats and lot 25x100. THis
¦ . is a bargain.
$3,700— Rents $4S0 per annum; price greatly re-
duced; corner on Harrison st. ; 2 stores
and flats.
$5,000 — Rents $516 per annum; 2 flats and cot-
tage; bath and brick foundation; both
streets accepted; $3500 can remain at 6
per cent; Fulton st.; well located; 27:6x
120; 2 ' frontages; this is a bargain;
rqust be sold.
$4,000 — Rents $420 per annum; 2 flats of 6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, etc. ;
26xS0; Mission warm belt; handy to sev-
eral lines of cars. .
$S,600 — Elegant residence: Gough St.: 2-story
¦ and basement house and lot 27:6x110.
$5,900— Elegant park residence; very cheap;
new modern Eastlake house of 11 rooms
and- bath.
$4,500 — Rents $480 per annum; Folsom St.; good
investment; 2 substantial flats of 6 and
6 rooms and bath each; high basement
could be converted Into third flat at
small outlay and be made to pay at
least 1 per cent on the Investment.
$7,000— Only $1000 cash required, balance equal
to rent; elegant park mansion of 9
rooms and bath; modern in every parti-
cular; must be sold, as owner Intends
leaving for the South.
$12,500 — Rents $1050 per annum; park flats; 3 ele-
gant new modern flats facing the pan-
handle on Fell st.; 25x137:6.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco C&unty,
23c.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a -list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
MADISON A BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1S5S.
Post St., near Jones; great future; lot 28:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate.
$17,000— Fulton st. ..between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave. ; lot 60x120 to Ash ave.
$6500— Capp st.. near Twenty-third; rents $65;
flats all rented; 87:6x122:6.
$6500— Laundry: well leased; Lombard St..
near Fillmore; 68:9x137:6.
Elegant residence Just finished; Masonic ave.,
near Frederick St.; grand view of both ocean
and bay; 8 rooms, bath, attic, etc.; electric
wires, gas grates and sun in every room; price
only $6000.
California St., adjoining corner Polk; lot 50x
£7:6; must be sold to close estate.
$8000— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
$8000 — Harrison st., near Tenth: flats; rents
$50; only partially Improved; 75x100.
, $5000— Baker st. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order: 25:6x102:6.
$2300— Bryant St., near Seventh; 2 cottages;
rents $20; lot 20xS0.
$4250— Octavia St.. near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x100.
$3S00-^-Greenwich St., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$1500— Day et., near Church; cottage of 6
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
$65,000— IN wholesale district; 3 story and base-
. ment brick; one tenant for 15 years; rents $350.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
$50,000 — A FINE down-town Eddy-st. corner, not
far from Taylor St.; lot 75x90; rents about
$250. HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
$35.000— A E0-VARA. covered with improvements;
good residence district: rents $250; offer want-
ed. HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post St.
$16,000— NOT far from California and Polk sts.;
•lot 100 feet frontage covered with improve-
ments; rents $165. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post.
$D0OO— NEAR Sutter and Taylor; . 25x137:6: fine
house of 12 rooms and bath. HOOKER &
LENT, 14 Post st.
$12,000— NEW residence: 2302 Vallejn. near Fill- '
more; 13 rooms, 2 baths. HOOKER & LENT,
14 Post st.
$7675—4 FLATS and houses; 1H blocks north of
Market st. : rents $68: reduced to $60; always
rented. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
BARGAIN 3
$625— $100 cash; balance $5' per month on in-
stallments: choice building lots on Elizabeth
St., between Douglass and Hoffman ave.; size
25x114. One block from electric cars; this lo-
cation' Is being rapidly built up by nice new;
houses and the lots offered are the cheapest
In the Mission. Ready for building. Will
give possession Immediately. Will arrange to I
build: Installment payments if desired.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
$700 EACH— 2 lots. 25x100 on car line: street
work complete. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO.. 1706 Market St.
$1500— COTTAOE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 20x90;
in warm belt' of the mission: two lines of
cars. Apply to H. L. REA. 403 Washington st.
A BARGAIN— -
$5 a month will buy a new 4-room and bath
house In the Alvln Tract, Elmhurst.
$12 50 per month will buy a 4-room house on"
Lundy st., 'opposite terminus of Valencia st.
Fifteen lots in Colma for chicken ranch;
cheap; water on place. .
Acreage ground for chicken ranch for sale In
the Alvin Tract, Elmhurst Station, Alameda
County; In 1, 2,.S and 4 acres, at a great bar-
8in MRS. WOOD'S HEALTH RESORT.
Furnished room $10 monthly. Forty-seventh
ave. and J st. Ocean -Beach. <
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
NEW. 5-room and bath cottatre on Hoffman ave-
nue,, near electric car; you can buy. for the
rent money you pay the landlord, and within
ten , years • you will get a clear deed to the
property: don't delay and call on James A.
: Cotter, ; Hoffman ave., for Inspection. ¦.
¦ - '. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
PARK lots for sale on reasonable terms, near
ocean beach (Canille). ;* •
/¦-',-.- JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
$3750 — BARGAIN ;- three »rood flats on a corner
of-Paclflc street, near Mason; rents $42; never
vacant. BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, 621
Market st. . ..'¦ . ¦ ¦¦:¦:¦-¦•¦ V
$400O— NICE I bay-window house. 7 rooms and
bath: Eighteenth St.. near Mission: a fine
house. BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
A— HOU8E, six rooms; furnished; -for sale at
t a sacrifice; 3 rooms rent ed... 341 Minna st.
WANTED- Old cottaKe and large lot: house in
•good condition; installment not to exceed $600-
. part cash : Mission. ¦ Address box 3210, Call. '
NEW cottage of 4 rooms and bath; very cheap;
on " installments."* . 46 Prospect ave.
HELP WAATBD-MALB.
WA.\'T):i>— Ofnoe bey; give reference. B»>x
V £«. Call.
* 1YA NTH r>— recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. H. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character; between the ages
of fl and 2i year*; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over S feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens cf the United States, or per-
tons »h.i have legally declaied their inten-
tions to become cttirens; able to read, write
end Fp«ak Er.Rllsh properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
lice. 4f> Ellis st.. San Francisco. Ca!.. £30 K st..
Cal.. cr 1058 J st-. Fresno. CaL
"WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
r>1oym?r.t either by the day or by contract at
the T^Pla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. Fur particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
SC.s Montgomery s t.. Pan Francisco. Pan
Francisco and Han Joa^juin Ccai Company.
GET your *hoeg half -soled while waiting. 25c to
50c. f>C2 Mission *t... bet. 1st and 2d ata.
WANTEI> — Two and 4 horse teamster?. Applv
early Monday at ITt 14th ft., near Guerrero*.
San FranciFco Onstruction Company.
HEN and womt-n to l»arn chiropody, dermatol-
opy 1>\- mall: diplomas. Correspondence de-
partment. ::.« Pixth nve.. New Tork: write.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that r.d ItoJkin. Reno House proprietor. Mill |
runs Denver Hcuw. 217 Third i=t. : ISO large
ri-iin*.; 2r.c per ntcht: J: to $1 per week.
fc!EN and wonus to l«arn barber trade: Fmall !
wacps while learning: catalogue mailed free. !
t». F. Barter «\ll"ge. T41A Howard nt.
SAILORS, ordinary rf>am<=n and frreen hands: I
n'.i part* of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Pteuart. I
I'EXKIOICS-OEO. I). CAMPRELL. lawyerTTs !
ytin-' practice; Kramlner bldg j
VINCIinfTEH House. 44 Third «.. near Mar- j
k»>t: 7fn> rooms. **¦_ night; reading ro<in:'fr»>»
tnj« and bacgape to and from the ferry. ,
• I.TVPELL Hmi«=e. corner Sixth and Howard— I
Rooms ISc tc :so per nljrht: Too to 12 per «'e»V. j
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions j
grcceirt^ at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BHANCH office for Call advertisement* ani I
subscriptions has been established at K*« Va- ;
>T-i.q St. . I
»•••;»«.«.. I ik »•; •.!».» ... j ... I ..r <nl« |
CHEAP horse, bugry arid harness; aiso good I
eccosfl-lULBd irilk wagen and on* bis «*¦
bane. Apply bet wren T ar.1 ? a. m or 4 to I \
p. m.. COS Ath *v>-.. oft Kiguna *t-. netwt -n j
McAIIUtty an! FaTtuo. j
4' HORSES for sule: also ivapnns. butrcies. j
tarts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, j
Zi: £!xth Ft.; auction pales every Wednesday. ;
SULI.ivaN A POTLC Auctioneers.
?0 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses. I
f<cci,1r-ntal Hrrse Exchange. 121 Howard st.
HANJiSoMH carriage team, bays, 1 yetrs old.
E3f Uarkd rt. or 3« Parrott building^
F"K PALE—! *xtra fine carrtac? t^arns. PAL*
7T.U.. Vet. Pe-'ist. 603 Golden <Jate ave.
V"H sale — •"hear: handsome paring mare;
well l-red. iCC Treat «v».. aftor 6 p. m.
J' ¦'IPKS- Y, urp. well r<r<->keri; for all purposes:
'hear: twst tr <-lty. T;i Howard st.. nr. Third.
Hot s>K» i >• I.KT.
A— PRINTED list: houees to !*t: send for cir- I
culsr. C. H. CMBSEN & CO.. !4 Montgomery.
tACKAMEJCTO. KS*\ north slip, east of Polk—
Pun all dsy; new. nice an<*. tlfly: marble and I
ti> lavatory N-wefr, r'>irr."=: cedar !ln«»n and '•
cloth" "! wt»; f':!i iT.pth mirrors In dfxw, ¦
mahngauy and rak mantels; cross Hne of j
cars; Peetofflce, ttc. Key on premises 1 to j
; trwiay. ,
ELEGANT hew! of 9 rooms, bath, basement '
and finished attic: 1114 o'Farrell St.. 3 doors !
from Frsr.k'in: rent reasonable to responsible '
party. A; p'.y O. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14)
Montgomery 5t.
. _ — . I
GOLDEN QATSci ave.. 70S— Elegant house. 10
rooms and bath: sunny, modern. Apply G.
H. CMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery Et.
A BAT-WINDOW, sunny house; « rooms, bath, j
laundry, yard; n«=w!y painted. l r '23 McAllister
ftoCEE ot 4 rooms ar.d stafcle. 66 Norfnlk st.
HOUSE. 6 rooms and bath, basement and yard;
14 Reed rt.; rent J14. Key 1325 Washington st.
BP.OpERICK. 724. near McAllister— JC2 50;
r-ndern sunny 7-roonv house.
POST. 547:.— Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath;
iRrg" yard; rent tiO.
VAN SE3S. 2112. near Pacific ave.— House of !
in rwm«; modern Improvement".
HOrSCS TO LET — Fl 'KXISfinD.
A FUKNISrTEI> rtat: S room« an.1 bath. 1717 1
VV-hRer St.. near Sutter; rent Jis. ¦ . ; j
PI..AT — f 4 rt- x rwnw; modern; reasonable rent; j
to t;ik" poss»j.s!or! Aug. 11. Address, stating
price and location, box 220!. Call.
NKWLV furnished house; Pacific ave., north
eide; fine location: marine view; 12 rooms.
A<V.r*f=s box r.411. Call officA.
LOST K\ii ri»LM>.
LOST— Passbook German Savings Bank In |
name* of MAUD. DANIEL and MARGEK-
ITE EHEEHAJC. The finder will please return j
to riank. < %
LCST-^On night of August 3. dark hay mare j
'¦a W*3t 'irar.t et. Alameda. Phone Eagle
SSI; reward. |
LOST— F»-arl opera glass. July 25; monogram I
C. E. H. IWura to 767 Market et.; fo re- !
war3.
LOST— White cow with calf: liberal reward. A. j
PIMON". Nineteenth ave.. Bay View. !
Lc^ST— Thursday, a Fir.all diamond frog pin.
. Notify box 165, Pan Malen, Oal.; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernta Savtnes I
and Loan Society of fan Francisco. In the
name of FREDERICK MACK, No. 236-C7J.
The finder will please return to back.
POUJCD— TVhJte cow; brand AA. Call Exeel-
. ri^r I>airy. r.f-ar CRmbridt" st.
MACHINERY— Bonght, Sold and Ex.
F<"'R SALE— Machine rhop. Inquire~at"255
ftctnvia Ft., a'.irr 6 p. m.
I
medical: j
L.R. and MRS. D AVIEKT'sTM^i^'Tr^elll
able !ad:<*s' and cents' Fpeclalists; 22 year** I
practice; Jiave treated thousands of eas~s suc-
cfBEfully; a positive cur* puaranteefl at of-
flce; ladifs treated can return home the name
cay: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; »r:y one can use it bv cl-
rections: perfectly harml^w; "home for confine.
merit. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular. 1
WP.P. DR. KOHL.ThT^nTno^iTaTialena'b^ I
ladiee 1 specialist: guarantee} treatment at of-
fice. f5. positive cure; home for j.iftlents be-
fore an<l during confinement; skillful medical '
attention; coi55Ultati< n free fend confidential, i
446 Eddy 6t.. bet. Leavenworth an<3 Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONXELL. the world -renowned
. 1.-V specialist: »af# anil reliable; has i.rac- I
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou. I
«nnfl6 of cases successfully; treatment can be '<
used at home: consultation, free. After all I
other* fall call on him. 1023H Market st.
X'RS. GOODWIN, well-known U<H<-e* specialists, '
have returned from Europe; isafe and reliable; j
.cure 15; have treated thousands of cas<?« i V |th I
Fucre««; 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity !
home; low ie<>». 1007Vt Market St.. near Sixth, j
Ml'.?, rm. W'TETH. reliable epeelallst: 23 yrs.' !
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
Pifflce. 15; any sllnvnt; consultation free; con-
_ fldentlal. SO Pogt St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
A PTRICTLT private and secluded residence,
awaj- from the public gaze, for the treatment |
of women; conflnement case* taken. MRS. i
DR. FINKE. 1«16 Eighth gt.. Alaroeda.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 10K Market— Ladle« f epecial-
ist: home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8. --
DR. NO TOY KEE, late of Canton, China; dls-
ea?py of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; sanl-
" tarium 7'M Sacramento. cor.Kearay;advlce. free.
JjJl. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in conflnement. 1212 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE-The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office U18 Market rt.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
rn*es of the human body. 115 Mason et.
MlSCilLLAXKOLS KUIi SALE.
BOILERS, enrinea. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A. WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
PARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fcxtures; new and second-hand: we always
r*ave a large stock of saloon outfits on ha.nd;
Zi compMe outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ehiji everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 101S, 1021, 1C2J Mission St.. above
Ktxt!.; write for catalogue.
THOROI-OHBRED Newfoundland paps, also
; 1 tiny black and tan. very small; 20 pedigreed
heavyweight does at 12 50 apieoe. f«S Teha-
ma st.. off Third.
A BEAUTIFUL rlnr. containing 5 largre pearls
and 10 diamonds, oblong Betting, for $11$: was
bought originally of Tiffany. New Tork. for
t£S. UNCLE HARRLS; U Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought_and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SW FT. 2d-hand pipe, "4-inch, black & straight,
l'&c per foot; other sli^g higher. 64 Silver st.
I'CU sale— 2 cottage* of four rooms each; must
|Jx» sold; cheap. 1422 Montgomery st.
•V-OCKER praniel pups. 265 Parker ave., off
Point Lobos ave.
A NE"VV safe; will take part payment In trade.
AJdress box £203. CaJL
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALES.
HOUSE painters 1 staging and ladders. Bee
landlady. 340 Third st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
sines, boilers, water i>ipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A— 100 H. P engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARI3INE. 220 Fremont St.
A— $3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
A SPLENDID Mexican saddle and bridle good
as new. I. H. GOLDMEYER. 1323 Green gt.
2 FRESH young: Durham cows, Just arrived;
calvp* 4 days old; gentle. 1311 Folsom St.
GROOEUYMEN. attention— Large fixtures for
sale chear« at 8S3 Howard St.
HALF-COST, finest ?225 sealskin, size 36. .vill
traie for diamond. Box 299S. Call office.
2ND-HAN1> gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.: general machine work. 137 Beale st.
2ND-HAND enplnes. boilers, dynamos, motors
and gaocllne eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE *ult."f7oTdre«s pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery «t. _
TYPK WH ITKrTnTI: Smith Premier; late
ni'H'.H; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 <.al.
i:i>l!=ON~~concert phonograph-Reduced .J ir . lce .
*TD: concert records. $1 60. IJaclgalupl. S33 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boileri.; Iron and wood
planer*: iatlie*: :d-hand^ J^nurke. U9 Beale.
BFCOND-HAKD fireproof s=af* : 1 flre and burg-
lar rroof safe: cheap. 42 Main Et.
VAOIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
picture" JUMXARnjfc_BRECK, 131 Post »t.
RAPES— -New ar "l second-hand. THE JlfiR-
MANN PAFK CO.; 417-413 Sacramento ft.
BAFK8— New and second-hand; all sizes. THK
WALTZ SAFE, lPy-111 Market st.. Ban Fran.
MISCKLLAXnm^^VAJVTS.
WANTED-For cash or jrraphophone goods, an
inexpensive horse and buggy for downtown
use: must be a bargain; can al?J use pood
double hnrness; no fancy figures considered.
115 <5»-ary ft.
WAXTFD— Good serond-hanfl air compressor;
190 to W9 feet capacity. H"K 3211. Call.
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. 22 Seventh
St.. oi posite new Postofflce^
WANTED— Second-hand invalid's wheel chair.
AoMreF? 1".16 Mission Ft.
PKALPKIXS are what we pay bis prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 23 Stockton st.
IF vou wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
.MOMiV TO LOA.'..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gage*;, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get mv terms before doinR business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery, r. J.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
Fecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle Mdg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY reppwtable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. M6 Market
«.; tel. Main 1644. I?ranch 19 Third St.
ON real estate, 1st and 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 2? Montgomery-
ON furniture and planes without removal; quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and 69, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable rlace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest pr\ce for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 12« Kearny st., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; loweet
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
tJOO.WXt at 6 per cent In sums to suit in city; also
$150,000 on large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. «2 Pine H.
H. MVRPHT. <K0 Market st.. solves all kinds of
financial problem!!; Id mortgages, estates, etc.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no com. Room SI. 6 Eddy.
TO palarled people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister et.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. niscount Agpncy. 143 Pheian building.
HL'SICAL I.\STKUJIE.\T3.
THE finest tuning and repairing done at MAU-
VAIS,' 7C9 Market St. •
A NEW lot of "Baby" Dickers Just received;
they are beauties and so reasonable In price.
MAPVAIg. 769 Market St.
PIANOS rented and rent allowed on purchase
If desired ; prices low for a good article.
MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
4: CO.'fi have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights $0 cat-h. $6 per month; some
good pianos for $3, 14 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALKRS, corner Kearny and Sutter gts.,
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth st.. Oakland.
AS usual we offer some fine bargains.
One Steck Upright, walnut case; like new.
One Weber Upright, walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright; in fine order.
One Sterling Upright: mahogany case.
One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtaz Upright: oak case; excellent.
Prices from $133 up; $5 per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
?6, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms ea*y; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. , ; '
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to 523 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks; open ev'ngB; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN strings ; never wet; best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A FINE upright, walnut case, high grade; used
about six months; $150 cash; must sell. Room
10. Flood building.
SPECIAL eale— Uprights $73 up; Installments ti
up; rents R up. HEINE. 186 Ellis St. '
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano for half price;
leaving city. 815 -Van Ness avo.
WILL t-tore piano for um of same. J. E.. box
_2&34, Call office. ;
FINE large upright rosewood case, three pedaL
cheap for cash. 264S Eighteenth st.
ELEGANT, new three-pedal upright: sell for
$1M) or rent tZ 60 month. 342 Kearny st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman, Conover and other pianos.
BOH M E R & CO.. Byron Maury. Gabier. Hamll-
ton plr^ios. SOS I'ost rt., opp. Union square.
EARGAIN — Good piano cheap: installment $3
p*r month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storage;
at your own price; also Spencer's retired
stork. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market it
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos: $3 payments;
for ror.t, 12 up. BRUEXX. 208 Poet st.'
OFFICES AMi STORKS TO LET.
FOLSOM. 2354— Store and three rooms; water
free; rent IS.
TO rent— Restaurant, barber shop and cigar
et«nd; opu. K. p. depot. C98 Fourth »t.
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rooms In Y. M.
C. A. bldg.; all modern imps.; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; 26x140;
rent reasonable. S2S Hayes gt. ¦ -.. ., -,
t'ALMlMU |.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. tig Geary, nr. Jones.
OIL. ' ~
FOR exchange— B-room cottage in Golden Gate,
AlamMa County; 2 minutes from electric car
line: 10 minutes from center of Oakland- oil
stocks will be accepted in mil or part pay-
ment. Address JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330
Pine st.. San Francisco.
*™~~ PKKSOSALS. ~~
GENTLEMAN <35). considered good looking"
well educated, character that invites closest
Invest! gation, heir to large estates, would
marry lady of some mean*; willing to assist
somewhat during temporary dlfncultieg. Ad-
dress G. -L. PRESTOX. General Iielivery.
YOUNG gentleman desires acquaintance of
young lady; sensible and educated: object
matrimony. JAMES WHITE. 852 Market st.;
care of Lion Drugstore. . .
A All well; everything running smoothly ; gone
but not forgotten. , A.
FIRST-CLASS upholstering done at your house
by day or Job. S. JENSEN, 811 Bush st.
RKAL ESTATE COCSTHY— Fur Bmim
80 ACRES— 4 miles west of Petaluma: well Im-
proved: at a bargain; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress box 109. Lakeport. Cat. -
STOCK and grain ranch for sale; Colusn C«as>
1240 acres; $10 per acre: 509 grain, rest bill
land. M. 8. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY villa home, situated within
five minutes' walk from San Anselmo station:
there Is also postofflce. Wells, Fargo & Co.'a
express and , telegraph office at the station:
the property consists of nearly 14 acre" of
first-class land, partly shaded by large laurel
and oak trees: there are two wells of zochI
water and spring-, a 10.000 gallon water tan*
on an elevation over the house -of over 2CW
feet; the Improvements consist of dwelling
house, 9 laru? sunny rooms, bath, pantry and
store rooms, also 3 outside bedrooms ami
laundry, barn, stable and chicken house; the
¦water system is arranged so as to be sup-
plied from the Marin County Water Co. or the
wells on the place or both; the dwelltnR ana
outhouses are wired and fitted throughout for
electric llKht. which Is supplied by the San
Rafa?l Electric Light Co. For particulars
JAS. TT'NSTKAO. San Anaelmo. Cal.
TO E -^5^^ G^1_
A PP.INTET> list. M. GRIFFIN. T19 Market.
City property and farms exchanged and »old.
KOO31S FOR IIOUSKKEUIMXG.
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful largo rooms, with
bath: completely furnished for housekeeping;
hot and cold water: gas and telephone; fine
view: healthy location; In a small prlvatu
family; no small children wanted: rent rea-
sonabl-?. 4231 Twentieth >t.. near Castro.
AT 62 Second — Light housekeeping, tl 60 to |2 50
per wk. ; rlngrle and double, »l to 12 60 per wk.
CAPP. 552- Part of house; four or five sunny
rooms for housekeeping;.
IX^LORES. 110O— Three unfurnished rooms: con-
venient; rent $7 to permanent tenant. c . * ¦ .
| EIGHTH. 348. near Market— Large sunny bao!<
I parlor and regular kitchen furnished for
housekeeping: private family: bath.
FIFTH ANDlkIARKET-2 rooms furnished. $10;
2 unfurnished. IS. Particulars 342 Kearney st.
FIRST. 230 — 4 rooms for housekeeping: business
location; rent low.
FOLSOM. C23— Larice bay-window front room:
folding bed: for light housekeeping or t gen-
tlemen; all conveniences. s«
GREEN. 117— Three ninny connecting room*.
neatly furnished: sunny yard; quiet place: |1'>.
HARRISON. 731—4 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; larjre yard: bath; rent IIS.
HOWARD, 1050— Nice sunny rooms, single and
housekeeping, with eas; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1063'4-Sunny completely furnlsh-d
housekeeping rooms: also others.
HOWARD. 1068— Rooms to let for housekeeping
complete: rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 1432—2 front rooms and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping^
JUNIPER. 2. off Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th— 2
or 3 unfurnlshM housekeeping rooms: hath:
sun all day: V? and 13 50.
LEAVENWORTH. 720—3 elegantly furnished
rooms complete; gas and coal stove; bath:
i>!ano, etc. ; very reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 1561 near Jackson— 2 rooms
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping, with
I u?e of bath.
LINDEN ave.. 320— Nicely furnished front room
with use of kitchen.
MARKET. 1S24— Coxy suite: sim In both
rooms; gas range; $16: single room. t9.
MCALLISTER. 1727— For rent. 2 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; grate; running water:
carpets If desired.
MCALLISTER. 538—8 nicely furnished sunny
front rooms: sink, range, bath, laundry: $15.
MIN>\\. 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION, 945— Two large sunny well-furnlsh?4
housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 1119— Light housekeeping sunny bay-
window front room; newly papered; new fur-
nlture.
MISSION, 1221. near new Postofflce— Nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; no children.
MISSION, 1275—3 connecting rooms furnished
for housekeeping: yard and garden.
OAK. 119— Large sunny room: closet; furnished
for housekeeping. $3; smajler rooms. $6.
O'FARRELL. 5*12— Housekeeping sulte«; ele-
gantly furnished; from $15 to *30: also single
rooms. S
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keening rooms; rent cheap.
POLK. «12— Furnished bedroom; small kitchen;
gas stove, bath, laundry: $12.
SILVER. 185, near Fourth— 2 cheap furnishe-l
rooms for housekeeping. '
SUNNY rooms, unfurnished or f"mlshci!:
housekeeping or otherwise; very reasonable
527 Poet st.
TURK, 524, near Larkln— Lower floor; 2 large
unfurnished rooms; grate, gas, water; $10.
VAN NESS ave.. 43 — Kront sunny rooms for
housekeeping, $18 a month: also large front
room for 2 persons. $12 and JS; front Van Ness.
VAN NESS, 402—2 elegantly furnished sunny
rooms; complete housekpg.; gas stove; reas.
YORK, 928 — Parlor floor nicely furnished; thre»
large sunny rooms, bath, gas; basement and
large yard; please call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ar.d
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS TO LET Forn. and Unfnrn.
A^BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open ail night.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post — Finest sunny suites In
city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ences; special accommodation for tourists.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nished ran., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520— Nicely furn. sunny rooms; SI B to $7
wk.; :5c to tl SO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
DEVISADERO. 1311H. near Ellis— 3 handsome
furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping. $12.
EDDY. 473—2 sunny single rooms; gas, running
water; $5 and Ji per month.
ELLIS. 330— Large tront and back parlora; sun-
ny; suitable for physician or dentist.
ELLIS, S37— Sunny bay-window room for I or i
gentlemen; with or without board; priv. fam.
FELL. 437— To let. 3 furnished sunny front
rooms.
FIFTEEN minutes" ride brings you from down-
town to the beautifully furnished "ALMO-
RA." the tllte FAMILY HOTEL In the MU-
sion. corner 20th and Mission sts.
Why pay exorbitant prices for crowded
down-town apartments, when larger, brighter
rooms and better services are at your com-
mand, for less money— Investigate— Take Mis-
sion st. or Valencia st. car direct: take Fill-
more s t. car or Post and Leavenworth cars,
and transfer to Mission st. . .
FlFTH. 353— Single furnished, $4 and $5; also
one housekeeping, $7.
FOLSOM. 963. cor. 8th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlsbed sunny rros.. alngle or suites; reasonable.
FULTON. ©8— Sunny furnished front rooro.
GEARY. 4-S (The Navarre>— Elegantly furn'shed
rooms; suites or single; travelers acco° dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave.. 1 (Ferndale) — New management;
sunny rooms, en suite or single; transient.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, SI9— Rooms from tl week up to $5:
SSc to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, m, cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
• rooms: reasonable: by day. week or month.
MINNA. 867. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room. II per week; transient.
MISSION. 634. near Third— Rooms for gentle-
man; $5 to IS a month.
MISSION. 1009— Sonny furnished front room for
2 sentlemen.
NINTH. 122— A large frcnt bay-window room;
complete for housekeeping; rent cheap.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices : elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POLK, 110— Large well-furnished sunny room;
gas, grate, bath: private family.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rros. : suites or sin-
gle; transient: running water: rates reduced.
POWELL, 612A— Sunny suite of rooms: also
large sunny front rooms and others; reason-
able.
PROSPECT place. 123. off California, nr. Pow-
ell — Large sunny rm.. bath, $8; prlv. German.
ROSEDALK House, SW and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night 25c to $1. week II S to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis »t.~ Incandescent
llKht; reading-room, smoking-room and ladies
parlor; rooms, per night. 33c to $1 50: week, fi
to J8; month. $3 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT. 124. . near Haisht— Two unfurnished
rooms to rent: floor carpeted.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page 33
DEAR SIR — life advertised a piece of property on 33d street,
this city, in several San Francisco papers last week, including
an insertion for three times in your Oakland Real Estate Column,
and are glad to say that we sold the property through the medium
of your paper. We have always met with good results from adver-
tisements in the ''CALL,' 'and must say that they always pay for
themselves several times over with direct business.
\f in TT *,•* _t\^ G! 1^ Ci _n T T 111 I \__\T ¦ -
V \^f X y JL K5 v? mj w \> . w JL VI «••¦ •*» Y fNEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J N Wlckham. N Y
1" J Hyde. Fresno
F Gay, Fresno
S Orton; Windy Camp
J Bell, Santa Hosa
M Hose. St Paul
H Fame. Bakersfteld
K Hartwell. Stockton
J K Cnrney, San Jose
W Mitchell, Manila
J McGiffen. Manila
F A Coles. St Helena
C Hoss, St Helena
G \V Condon & w. Cal
T W Garretty & w. Cal
S A Davenport. Sacto
O \V Guire, Los Ang
J T Price, Merced
Miss Grenfell. Modesto
A S Sykke. Kans City
Mrs N' Nicols, Los Ang
M Nicols. Los Ang
A Sylvester. Snta Rosa
\V Chinn. Santa Clara
IC P Stockley. Chicago
J Mulroy. Ingleslde
G W Esrnn, Boston
PA LACK HOTEL.
R G Brown, S Rafael
Mrs 13 row n. S Rafael
Dr K E Zungwartz.NY
R H Parsons, Colo S
1 1 N Sinclair, London
W.-Maney. N Y
Mrs Maney, N T
V MclTsler. USA
J W Holland, U S A
L M.Thubadeau. USA
IK Ham, wf, c. N Y
M Matheuson, Aust
J Lindsay, . Australia .-
IV W Hox. Australia
A E Grafton, Tacoma
Mrs iSralton. Tacoma
«1 K Wett, Tenn
I Hatch, San Jose
C A' Harrison, S Jose
II G MeBrlde, S Josa
8yd Hart. N Y
l>r J McCloslery. N Y
C K Greer, Ohio
Mrs G F Fatrldge. Cal
Miss Patrluge, Cal
UAV Lee. Los Ang
L G Brown, Los Ang
Mrs Brown, Los Ang
T Flint Jr., S Juan
B Jeffrey, Seattle
Mrs Jeffrey, Seattle
\V K James, Mo
Mrs C II Sheets. S Jose
R Brown. Honolulu
W Veirs. Australia
C J Folmer, N Y
P H Miller, Indiana
Mrs Miller. Indiana
Mrs T II Rtordan. Cal
Mrs J II Lind. Cal
T Stern. Klngsburgr
Mrs Stern, Klngsburg
Mrs Wilkinson. Cal
\V Theorore. Hankow
Mrs Theodore, Hankow
J II Merrlam. U s.N' ¦-¦
A Flegeltant, England
OHAND HOTEL.
A C Presley, Cal '
K J White. Cal
Mrs F L ltich. Butte
G n Foster. Cal ,
Miss Foster. Cal
M'.ss Halstead. Cal
Miss Hall. Cal
F D Ryan. Sacto
S D Tteedy. Arizona
C E GUddrn, Arizona
A IJ Smith, Fresno
Mrs Smith. Fresno : *~-
Miss N Smith. Fresno
K O Kins:, I>enver
B H Smith. GUroy
A Hat toll 1. Sacto >¦'¦:'¦
J.S Daly. Sacto
J Gall. Orovllle
Mrs Gall. Oroville
P F Langenour. Cal
Miss J McKerrow. Cal
A B Lony,- Fresno , •
C D Hooner, Arizona
Mrs Hooner, Arizona
W P Kinner. < Chicago
W Lawson. Alvarado
J B ¦ Tread well, Sacto :
G II Andrews. Detroit
H Latlmer, Fresno
A E.Lowell. Cal
MissL. M Dunnigan.Cal
Miss M A Xaso'n. Cal
II Blackman, S - Mateo
Miss C Smith, S Jose
Minnie A Parker. S J
Dr E Campbell. Los A
W J Stevens, I Los Asg
P.B Deming. Auburn
I) McCarty, Sacto
J R Taylor, Sacto
p J Clark. Gllroy
8 A Kean. Chicago
J T> Ludwig. Cal
C Clark. Napa
K Clark, Xapa
0 Sollars, Lodl
N* Gould. Petaluma
A II Kerr. = Portland .
II D Frtedlander, Chgo
T C Nlchol. : Syracuse
W W Westbay. Stkn
P H Atkinson, Petalum
Mrs Atkinson. Petalum
Mrs i S Morgan. Sonora
• B Goldsmith. Stockton
(Mrs Goldsmith. Stoktn
jMIss S J Arnold. Cal
|\V, A Burkholder, Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
38
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 53S0.
CONSTRUCTION of tewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marln County, Cal..' asks for bids for
the construction of a system of sewers in
Koss Valley, Marin County, as per plana and
specifications on file with the secretary.
KiKht reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hour* of
8 a. nj. and 12 m., and 2 and 4 p. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Hoard, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, on Friday, Aug. 17. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
chock for K per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a satisfactory bond for the full amount
of the contract price.
HKNRY F. ALLEN, President.
T. n. IJEUltV. S<-c 120 Sutter St., S. F.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Bids will be re-
ceived by the undersigned until C p. in., Au-
gust 6. and then opened, for the construction
of a wharf and warehouse covertne about 100,-
000 square feet and about £00 feet of trestle
. approach near the mouth of the Columbia
Hlver. Clatsop County, Or. Plans and speci-
fications, can be seen and blank forms of pro-
posals secured at the office of the Astoria
and Columbia River Railroad In the Flavel
building. Astoria. Or. A satisfactory bond
will be required of the successful bidder. The
understated reserves the rlKht to reject any
or all bids In whole or In part as per forms
of proposal and specifications. NORTH-
WEST CONSTRUCTION COMPANT.
1'llOI'OSALS.
MABKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaKO licenses, wera Issued
yesterday:
Harvey W. Doaver, 24, Vallejo, and Pearl
Robber«on, 16, Vallejo.
David E. EvanB, 25, Sonora. and Deborah
McCarthy. 22, Vallejo.
Hernard Heavey, 41, 1210 Mason street, and,
Katie Parker. 32. 52 Harriet street.
Karl C. Schmidt. 25, city, and Genevleve
Treadwell. 20, city.
Robert M. II. Taylor, 26, Woodslde, Cal., and
Lena Schonigh. 27. 1723 Scott street.
Itobert A. Center, • 33, city, and Gertrude
Adam*, 2L city.
James Durton. 38, 7S1 Sutter street, and Ella
R. Couch. 26. 7S1 Sutter street.
Richard 1'. Lea. 25, 212 Eleventh street, and
Josephine R. Tusche, 23. city.
Charles C. Root, 43, city, and Juanlta Col-
llshaw, 30, city. .
Charles A. Stork. 34, 1050 Sacramento street,
and Clara C. Gunnear, 30, 1050 Sacramento st.
Eugene J. Halny, 27, 1275 Pacific street, and
Rosalie C. Lanekman, 24, 151C Pacific avenue.
William C. Wcssell, IS. 2040 Taylor street, and
Carrie W. Glaner. 22. 2!0S Mnson street.
SAH.KOAI>^
(PAcirio s»kt«*.> t ' \
""" -."JIS'nUNCIM'f.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
«»t« — fkom JbxT 15. 19C0. — *B»it»
*T:0O» Bei.lcift. Sitlsun. Elmiia. Vaoa'Dle. _" #
Eumse7»ncia»cmmeuto.. •••• *^T*
•*:n»A Sfcacta Exprwis- Darts, WllUsms(for
liartlett SprtagsX Willows. Red ..
Bluff. Portland. ••— — "7»«»*
*-iao» Martinez. *»ult»iMon.ViUIejo.Xapa,
C»lU«.pkaiia»»nta Rosa......... •«»»'
•»:O«* DsTj^ Woodland. KnighU Lsndtn«. #7jI3p
•»:O»» AUaatla I'u'preas^OKdeu 'andKasi •IIsISa
•»!3«» 4 a»,, .j o « e> lJ. e run«e. rttoekum.
lone. Hacrsmriitu. Plaerr»Ule. ....
M»rys»iil*. Chic... Ue.I IMn« Mil»r
¦»:3t»AOakdAi^, Chiaese (for YoseoiteX ., ,_
rtouora. C'artrn 2? P
•»:O«» najwarila. CCOM and Way MUtlom. 'll:«»
»:«»a L* Angeles Kzpres* — M»rtiii*»,
Tracy, (.auirop. dUKktoo. Merced
andKrewio ••l-«»P
*»-.a»* Vail .j,,, Martina »,,,| Way Hlattons M:«3r
•I «:«»»» Th« OveTUiKl Mmtrert-CiideD. Den-
• ¦ i «» ,- Ter - t>I "*h». Chicago # »« »»*¦
¦ •:©<>* Nilca. i.ivrr.m.t*-. .Stockton. Pacra-
mento. Mendot*. llauford. VUallO
••... *^n«ttHis :. Mii.ir
i ¦.:<><>„ H % , witl .,i^ Ni!M aiH i Way stations. •ai4»r
?'»••»• *f«mm~U, ICi,or«le.m'r. t3iO»»
.T? "* il»»"*rt». NI1-B and \?i| Station*. m m4Hr
*>••!> MarUimt, s»,, bum, V*llejo.
•1,1,41 B N^' 1:l - '<•¦»'«'»•!'». «*"ti» Itoaa »U:lSa
• 'OOpBemcJa. Winters, Hsoraiuento,
Wo».i:ai.a. KnishU Landing.
.Vi«*'^ Ie9 - s » nJo ««»"<l Stockton »7«I3r
•.-JiOttpTho Owl Limited -Tracy. Treano.
Bakersfleld. Kaugiia for Sauta Car-
,.,,.. _]""». L*'« Angeles «ti«3A
at9Or Fresno Pamecger-Martiuea. Lath-
rop. Stuck ton, Mttrceil, ISereucU
•i •>. (l-*yn»ond for Yosemite). Kremio.. M»j13»
•3i3OpNew Orleaai Bipress-ISakewlWM.
Hanta IWrliai*, !,„» Angoles. Dem.
>>>K. Kl r'«o. Hew Orinan* mud
*''**6 .... **| «»„
? O;O«r Valiojo *l 4:1.1?
•5:O»r Oriental Mall-Ogd'«,"' Cheyenne."
,m «« ,Jr mah ,* > c ,H lcm *° •lij-tSA
•«:OOf Oriental Mail-Ogden. Denw.
— m ,t°J?^**- Chicago. • <4ttSr
ITiOOr Vallejo. Pork «,'o«ta aud Wa» sV*-
tlnnC tUi.VJr
•8i«3r Oregon and California icii>riui*Ha*»
rnnientir. Maryitille. l;«.|."liiisi
¦•¦>rt'»'»'. r<>K't *«„,„¦> »,,.! r Mt »SJil»%
COAST IMTIS1ON (Marrow Utmst)
" (foot of Mnrket Street. (
1?:43a feaot* Cnu Excunioi) for Santa
Cnu and Principal Way Station* *«:O3p
•Sil»A NeicirH.Oiitcriillr.SanJiMn.Keltou
Boiiltl«rCrrrk,8aiita0iiizaud Way
Sutioili „ *0:2i>r
ta>!3r Newark, Ce.,t<-r?iUt>. San .lose, New
Alm«<!en. Felton, HnuUW Creek.
S»nt» (im ami 1'riucipai Waf
Stations a l«iSn»
*4sl.1r Newark. Hun Jo*e, Los Gaton t*> n< *\
; al;!3p Glenwooi. Felton. Banta Cnu «»t.V»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
htmZki miClSCO— Past if Mirkit Strfit (Slu 8)—
•715 9:00 11:00*.¥. 11:03 *2::3 {3:33
•t-CO |S:S3 •8:33r.u.
fnaOtlUXB— Nat »tZi*»iw»y.— "8:00 8:00 1000*.*.
' tI2-C3 "X:03 t2:C3 »3:C3 tt:03 '3:33p.m.
COAST DIVISION (llrostlUanjre).
(Third m»d To.»rnei»l Sto.)
(SMOaOouu View, rfonth H.iu Krauoimo.. ffliUMp
t7:OWA Rait J:m« awl Way Stali (New
Alma.lm W«l.ie«il»n only ) *tiSOr
t7i30A Sunday Excursion ( r H%n Jose.
Hunt* Cruz. Paciilo flrore and
Frlccipal Way .Station* IS 1 33 r
•9iOO* Man .Jrso. Trea 1'iiiun. M»i.i» Cms.
Tactile Urmn. 1'an.i Kittle*, ttaa
T.iiis ' OKIipo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal War Station* MilOp
MOilOA 8sa Joao and Way Station* •fli»3*
•lltae* H«i>.lose.LoeUato««fid\V«,Sk»tloii« *3.30f
ta: 13k S»ii Matrn. Krttwooil. Meolo Park.
Fa'.o Alto. Santa Clara. San .1«««,
Tres PInoa. 3»nta C'rui, Salluas.
Monterey and l"*»f.1e <!ro»B flOrHO*
f:«s:t»r «aa Joieand Way Ht«t).»n» •?>3«p
tJsISrSanJoaaaiMl Principal Way Station* "J-.-IS*
t.->:«o F San Jo*'. Loa Gatos and Priucipal
Way Stations 1D:OO»
*3:30r Sail Jma ami Priucinal Way Stations t*:33*.
•H:.l»pSan Joae ami Way Station* !<«:«»«>*.
Hl:tr»p StnJomiKlffw Station* »?;3<»r
A for Momtug. l'fiw Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday eieepted. J Sunday only*
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, e Sunday aod Monday.
| CAUF02NIA NORTQVESTEBJf ET.C(i
LESSEE
jSAN FRAHCiSC-0 AND NORTH PACIRC
RAILWAY COMPAIYY.
Tlturon Ferry, Foot of iMarket St.
SAN FRA_NCISCO TO SAN RAKAKI*.
TTEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33;
*:20. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Tbursdaya — Extra trip
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
and 11:30 d. m.
BUNDAYS-8:00. 3:30. U:C0 a. m.: l:S8. I:J0.
5:00. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAM FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:J0. >:20, 11:1* a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:35 and 6:25 d. m.
SUNDAYS- S:10. 9:40. 11:19 «. m.; 1:40. *:*X
6:05. 6:2S p. m.
Between San Frtacisco and Sehaetzea, Park
eamt schedule aa above.
•
Leave I In EfTect. ( ArrtTe
Ean Ftar.clsco. [Apr. IS. l»00.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. J Days.
7:20 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami S:40 ata
8:30 pm 0:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pmll0:S an*
5:1J pm 5:00 pm Santa Roga. 7:S5 pm| 6:20 yra
» Fulton.
7:30 am - Windsor. 10:3 ta
Healdsbur?.
Lytton.
Geysenrllle.
8:10 pm S:CO am Cloverdale. ?:S5 pm) 8:10 pa
7:30 ami I Ropland I [10:15 as*
2.30 pm| 3:60 am! and Ukiaij. | 7:35 pmf 8:20 pra
7:30 am 10:25 axn>
8:C0 am Oaem«vine. T:33 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:33 am 8: CO ata Sonoma 9:15 am 1:40 am
and
5:13 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:C5 pro 6r3O pn>
7:30 am] 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:IS arm
l.ZO pm| 5:C0 pm| SebaatcpoL | 7:S5 pm| 8:30 prn>
Stajres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprlnits and Whlt# Sulphur Springs; at 8\ilton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Geyservllle for Skasss Sprints; at Ckrrerdal* "
for the Geysers: at HoDland for Duncan
Spring. Highland Sprtars. Kelseyvllla. Carls-
had Springs, Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Pprlngrs; at TJTclah for Vichy Springs. Saratora*
Ppringra. Blue Lakes. Laurel De.ll Lake. Wlttar
Eprlnes. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Vallor.
John Day's. Riverside. Li«-rley'». Bncknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Bprlngs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags'. West-
port. Usal. Willlts. Lartonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trro tlcksta at
reduced rates.
On Sunday roflnd trip tickets to all potats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. «30 Market at.. Chrtmfel* bldr.
H. C. WHITINO. R_ X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD..
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1900.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *S:3O. 5:3ft. 11:00 *. m.t
12:'.*. •1:45. »:15. 4:15. "S:^ «:15. 6:4« p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sam
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at S:0O and 11:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •»:(». »9:00. »10:00. U:00. «¦»
a. m. : 12:45. »l:30. 2:20. •S:*3. 5:00. <:0O. 1:2*
p. m.
11:00 a. rn. does not run to San Rafael 3ua-
«ays.
Trains marked (?) rnn to San Quentln.
FROM SAN" RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCI3COL
WEEK DAT3— «:35. •«:*>. 7:50. *:«. 10:14 i*.
m.: 11:30. 1:15. 1:15. «3:». 4:30. 5:30 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:45 and 10:10 p. m
SUNDAYS— «:1$. *S:CO, •r.50. 'U.-OOa. m *.- 12-0O
m.: 1:00. 1:15. •1:30. 4:30. »5:«. «:43. 1:30. lolja
p. *"
Trains marked (•> *tart from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DATS-«:SX «:«. 8:00. 8:55. 10:» «;
».; U:S5. 1:45. 2:45. S:30. 4:50. 5:» pT jn.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wedn««da-a.
and Saturdays «t 7:10 ar.d 10:10 p. m. "" U * J *.
SCNDATS-4'.E, S:C5. 10:03. U:!!}**. „.. u .j. ,
1:». ::30. SMS. 4:55, «:15. 7:CS. iO:30 p/i.
THROUGH TRAINi
7:C0 a. in. week days— Cazadero and war sta-
tions. **~
8:15 p. m. Batardays— Casadero and way *t*-
6:li p. m. weekdays (Satardays «xe«otedv.
Point Reyes and way stations.
I:W a. n. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta.
tlons. ' "*•
1J:*5 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and * u
atatlona. "•*•
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
Ill II ~'~ ?f m
: 3 o C » DESTINATION. ?p
ilLll J_l i II
8:00 p 9:00 a Lv San Francisco Ar *nn n "77^"*
11:05 p 11:30 p Ar Stockton Lt *•» S ?:S t
l:W a 2:42 p| " Merced '• i««K -«t
J«a 4:3opl" Fresna •• in-iS S \m t
I:K» i:«p" Hanford - •• •:« * i:n ±
5:10 a «:40p - Tulare « Mi^lurS
St^-\ ~ Stock-
: ™*. i_dS.
- i : " P Lv San Francisco Ar 11:05 a ...V
i:UpfAr Stockton Lv %-.m a ....^.2
Weekly Call, 81 per Year
ADVEETI3EMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1S93, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the-Com-
mlssioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock," paid up In
Cash $600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $272.8:.9 20
Loans on 1 . Bonds and Mortgages 1,750.261 75
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
.and Bonds owned by Company... L188.760 00
Cash In Company's Offlce 2,286 54
Cash in Banks 75,688 64
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12,660 41
interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27,069 77
Premiums in duo Course of Collec-
tion 143,965 11
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 65,267 67
Rents due and accrued 1,50123
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 7,844 40
Total Assets , $3,543,144 71
". LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,767 14
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 72,937 E0
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2,000 00
Oross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $548,903 78;
reinsurance 60 per cent 274,45189
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,123,-
457 OS: reinsurance pro rata 1,141,339 53
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 4,647 60
All other demands against the Com- -
Pany 25,657 99
Total Liabilities $1,532,601 65
INCOME. '
Net caah actually received for Fire
premiums $1,009,355 73
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 84,787 34
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 65.713 35
Received for Rents 2,797 11
Total Incoms $1,152,653 63
EXPENDITURES. ™ ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $25,776 07, losses of previous
years) $389,299 69
Dividends to Stockholders 61,630 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage , 147,813 42
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other "
charges for officers, clerks, etc 66,241 22
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 31,946 85
All other payments and expenditures 63,357 87
Total Expenditures $760,353 93
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year.. ..$448.670 90
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $260,005,996 $1,456,642 99
Net amount of Kinks
expired during the
year 249,460,454 1.461,126 27
Net amount in force
December 31, 1899... 259.231,717 2,672.360 86
E. O. DOREMUS, President.
JAS. H, WORDEN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of January, 1900.
HENRY H. DAWSON.
Notary Public.
THOS. J. CONROY,
Manager.
CEO. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Comer California and Sansome Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
j. ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 4.
Schr Reliance. Larsen, 24 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr A B Johnson, Segelhorst, 5 days 6 hours
from Grays Harbor.
— SAILED.
Saturday," August 4. ¦
Stmr Sequoia. Wlnkel, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newburg. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Augr 4— Schr Guide
and bktn Gardiner. City, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 4— Ger ship Robert
Rjickmers, 'from Hlogo.
' . — ¦ ? ¦
Waiting for Vengeance.
The) head instructress at a Pasadena
Sunday School was solicitously preparing
a roll of her new pupils. Among them
was a younpster who gave his name as
'"Nebuchadnezzar Ishmael Jones."
"Who gave you that name?" blandly
asked the teacher. f
"Dunno, ma'am," replied the bov with
the battle gleam in his eye, "but if ever
I find out. Lawd 'elp 'Im!" — San Fran-
cisco Wave.
, OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• » Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
VW*-^. For Alnskan r>ort«— 11 a.
|ffiKS8fc\ rn., AuKust 4. !). 14. 10. 14.
KW$»f»L i jaS}sv 29. Pfit. 3. Change to com-
K& nmVSS pany's Fteamers at Seattle.
RttSfsH^jj&H For Victoria. Vancouver
EfiiglL>gS&1 < T! - c >- IJ ° r£ Townsend. Se-
L*^^^mKSB$ attle, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.) — 11 a. m., August 4.
9. 14, 19. 24, 29. Sept. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., August
1. 6. 11. 16, 21, 26, 31, Sept 6, and every fifth
day thereafter. • • .
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlct«i.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Loa Angeles) and Newport— i
a. m., August 3, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a.
m.. August 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25, 29, Sept. 2,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. 'Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosall*
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ¦
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to Chang?
steamers, Eallins dates and hours of sailing
without~prevlous notice.
TICKET OPKH;E-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE Oi R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o "RTroL. .a. :t\r d
From Spear-«treet Wharf at 11 A. M.
CA DC $12 first Class Including BerVt
lAllL $8 Second Ola** end Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails........ *
. :... August U, 21. Jl
COLUMBIA Balls...... August 6. 16. 28. SeDt. S
Short line to Walla Walla. Sppkane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent. -
\ - 630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. ¦
Superintendents. ;
AMERICAN LINE.
nr you. southamptoh. lokdoit. rixx&
- Stopping- at Cherbourg,' westbound.
From New York Every, Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.... August '8! St. Louis..... August 23
fit. Paul.. ....August 151 New York.. -August 29
RED STAK J-IN2. .\
...-.¦- r--ew York; end Antwt- ,.*
From New York Every Wednesday, II noon. ¦
Kensington ..August 81 Noordland ...August 23
Aragonia v ... '.August 151 Friesland ... August +3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
-. _ " •¦ 30 Montgomery Street. ¦
BAY , AND STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Tues.. Wed..' Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. S:15. 8:30 p.rfc; (ex-Thurs. - night) ; Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:50: Sundays. 10:30 a-« m. 8
p. m. Landing and office.' Mission-street Dock.
Pier -No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
? FARE .........:.., ..60o v
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) 1CK A L KSTATE.
— r~~»~ ~~ ~>
FOR 122S0
WE HAVE THK PRETTIEST
COZIEST LITTLE HOME
IN OAKLAND.
WE CANNOT DO IT JUSTICE
IN PRINT.
A complete modern cottage of 5 large rooms,
with bath, bay-window, h!»ch basement. et<\.
built for a home, and all in i«rfect condition;
Ftands on brick foundation, lias laundry tubs,
and th» lot Is 37;CilOO feet <.not« th<* size), with
oj>on lawn, stone walks and nice garden
and Is occupied by the owner. Can be seen at
any time. Situate In choice location, close to
T'lesraph ave. and electric cars, and in a rap-
idly Improving neighborhood In town; street
work all complete: offered for a quick cash sale
and must be seen to be appreciated.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
12000— PRETTY FAIR FLATS— J3000.
Guaranteed Income of $32 per month; new,
modem building: 2 flve-roomed flats, modern,
complete and nice In every particular; desir-
able location; street work all done; garden,
orx-n lawn and stone walks laid; a choice In-
vestment; can be seen at any time; offered for
a quick cash sale; Immediate Investigation In-
vited. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
• 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, '
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$4000— Most complete home In Frultvale; on
ninny side of one of the b«»t streets; lot 45xl&8;
fine grounds; house of 8 rooms, bath and base-
ment; finest plumbing: furnace; hard wood
floors; everything the very best: only one year
old; big bargain. WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 803
Broadway, Oakland.
$3300— ON Adeline st., near Fourteenth; new
modern two-story house of 7 rooms, bath and
basement; lnt 2Sxl20; cheap at |4000. WII»-
LIAM J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway. Oakland, j
12600— BEING completed; finest 5-room cottage
In Oakland; cement basement: porcelain bath
nnd sink: open plumbing; fine gas fixtures;
window r hades: reception hall; large veranda:
J«>t 40x110; on West side of street. WILLIAM
J. IilNGEE, 803 Broadway, Oakland.
LOT on west side of Summit et., near Orchard;
f.OxlT.0: price $2000. WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
S»03 Broadway. Oakland.
A SPECIAL LIST OF HOME BARGAINS.
A special sacrifice: modern cottage of 5
rooms; barn; includes all furniture; piano;
owner celled away; must sell at once; price for
everything $271.0; mortgage $1600.
LAYMANCE.
Another bargain: only $900; two-story house,
7 rooms, bath, tarn: street complete; »acrl(lce;
compelled to go East next week; see Imme-
diately.
LAYMANCE.
$CO0O— 8 acres east of Frultvale; full bearing
fruit; finest soil; good house, windmill and
tank; beautifully situated; near electric cars;
produces good living.
LAYMANCE.
$:000: Improvements cost $3000; two-story
bay-window house. 7 rooms, cement basement,
fine barn, ccst $7F>0: lot 60x190: near Telegraph
ave.; mortgage . JliOO; little cash gets a bar-
gain.
LAYMANCE.
$3400; magnificent new colonial home; twi
stories, 7 rooms: an artistic beauty, really one
of the latest and up to date homes In the
market: at present prices could not be dupli-
cated; of four, three sold; near station and
central location; terms arranged.
LAYMANCE.
$15,000; suburban home; cost $25,000; elegant
residence; modern, and 5 acres of the choicest
fruit and shrubbery: location absolutely one
of the choicest; between Oakland and Berkeley;
a special choice bargain; perfect order.'
Bee us for bargains; correspondenco solicited.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Ofllc* and Salesroom, 460-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
$100 CASH; monthly payments as low rent till
ptid for; modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
pantry, closets, high basement, brick founda-
tion; all fenced: tine well of water; all first
class; 2 fine lots; price all told. $SiO; city
water If desired; street macadamized: nice
homes all around; near 3 lines of electrlo
roads and fine Bchoolhouse and wide avenue;
no fog or cold winds here; Allendale tract,
: adjoining Kast Oakland. Call or send for
circular. 4'.5 Seventh st., near corner Broad-
way, Oakland; carriage free; H. Z. JONES,
owner.
CHICKEN ranch, m acres; nearly new 4 lanre
room cottage, high basement; well; some
ihade trees; land wire fenced; 400 feet front-
ing main road; lies fine; excellent soil; grand
view; away from raw winds and fog: electric
cars pass the door; near a fine school; this is
a rare and cheap property; terms $300 cash,
balance in payments to suit buyer; price In
nil $1200; Rose Tract. Frultvale. adjoining
East Oakland. Call or send for circular. <t>5
Seventh Ft.. Oakland: carriage free. 1L Z*
JONES. Land Owner.
$2S00— COST $4000; mortgage sale; we are In-
Ftrucsted to sell the following: House, 8
rooms, etc.; all modern conveniences; first-
clans condition; open plumbing: lot 60x120:
driveway, large barn, choice location and
neighborhood; close to local train, cars,
pchoois and business center; house cost to
build $3000; see lt; first come, first served.
J. 8. MYERS.
1012 Broadway, Oakland.
J4I:* — ACTUALLY worth $6000; new, modern
house, 9 rooms, etc.; elegant, new features;
platpglass windows; finest part of Franklin
pt., near narrow-gauge; must be seen to ap-
preciate qualities and location.
J. R. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
f70ft-FIN T E cottsge, 4 rooms, bath and good lot,
well Irx-nted near cars. ALDEN CO.. 1118
Uroadway.
$CSC>n — FINK residence, Herkeley, near electric
and local to S. F. ; sale or trade; 2-Ptory and
corner lot. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
f 15riO — TWO cottages, 4 rooms each; West Oak-
land. near local: both for $1500. ALDEN CO.,
HIS Broadway.
ff-OC AND up; chicken farms: 30-pape catalogue
of homes. E. EL BUNCE, SOS Broadway, Oak-
land.
REDUCED to *12T.O— That new Moorish style
cottage on north n'.de of Parsons St., Just east
tif San Pablo ave.; only 5 minutes to Golden
Gate station of the Berkeley local; 40-foot lot",
4 nice rooms, bathroom, pantry, patent toilet,
laundry, etc.; street all sewered: any reason-
able ofTer as to terms will be accepted- this
Is a bargain. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth
rt., Oakland.
ro IIOUSKS. some new; acquired by mortgage
by bank; must be sold at once; easy teerna;
n chance to secure a home at rent rates, i,
E. BUNCE. 9C8 Broadway, Oakland.
$1100— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, with lot 23x122- lo-
catlon excellent. BF.LDEN & COOK. Wash-
ington ar.d Fourteenth ets.
J.s:.O— GOOD eottaee. 4 rooms; lot 27:6x90; closa
In. BBLDEN & COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth Ets.
10 NEW modern houses and cottages for sale;
here Is a chance to secure a home on easy
terms: Investigate. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way. Oakland.
CHOICE INVESTMENT.
Comer that for present Income and future
possibilities none can equal; f.0x7.">: three-story
brick: income $300 per month on five-year lease;
exjvnses are only taxes and $?t per year on
tlo.OOU insurance, with water paid by tenants;
price $C5.000. A. J. SNYI>KR & CO., .
• ,' 4G7 Ninth St., Oakland. Cal.
, HAVE you seen those two new bouses on Tel-
eirraph ave.. near Thirty-first st? If not call
at our offlce for keys and further Information.
A. J. SNTDER & CO..
4€7 Ninth Bt.. Oakland, Cal.
OAKl.AM) HOUSES TO l.«JT.
i I- ¦-..¦.-¦-¦¦-, , ..
FOUR modern houses in Oakland.
See GEO. \V. AUSTIN &. CO.,
The House Renter*,
IOCS Broadway. Oakland. "
OAKLAM) KUKMTLlttS FOR SAL.4S.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sohellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
dividi-:m> notices. -^
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 18 (thirty
CCBtS per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company, will be payable at the office
of the company, 3?7 Market st.. on and after
Friday. August »o, 19«J. Transfer books
closed on Baturday, August 4. 1900. at 12
o'clock m. K. II. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICH— The Giant Powder Oom-
I«ny. Con.— A dividend. No. JO. of seventy-
five cents (73c) per share on the Issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia St.. San Francisco.^ on August 10,
- 3SOU. Transfer books close August S. 1900. at
"""i. A. A. Hl'AllKB. Secretary.
tEWIXG UACIUMSS AM) SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing Kitaran-
teed. Chaa. Plambeck. 1915 MUmlon. r.r. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. :m Fourth st. •
BORN.
ARCHITR— In this city. August 1. 1900, to the
wife of Albert S. Archer, a son.
BLACK— In this city, August 3, 1900. to the
wife of Andrew Black, a son.
BOHME— In this city, August 3, 1900, to the
wife of B. Bohme, a daughter.
BULGER— In this city, July 13. 1900, to the
wife of John K. Bulger, a daughter.
EINSELEN— In this city. August 1, 1300, to the
wife of Charles It. Einselen, a daughter.
FLANAOAN-In this city, July 7, 1900. to the
wife of W. J. Flanagan, a daughter.
GEE— In this city.Auly 27, 1900. to the wife of
Ernest Gee, a et'W
KEELEN-In this city, July 24, 1900, to the
wife of Bert Keelen, a son.
LUND— In this city. July 29, 1900, to the wife
of Harry J. Lund, a son.
McCONKEY— In this city, August 3, 1900, to
the wife of George C, McConkey, a son. . ¦
MAHONY— In this city, July 30. 1900, to the
wife of Andrew F. Mahony. a son.
MILLER— In this city, July 16. 1600. to the wife
of Will J. Miller, a son. *
NEWMAN— In this city, August 1, 1900, to the
wife of James Newman, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city. August 4. 1900, to the
wife of J. P. O'Brien, a son. •
READE— In this city. July 29, 1900. to the wife
of Paul Reade, a eon. i
RODDY— In this city. August 3, 1900, to the
.wife of James J. Roddy, a son.
WILSON— In this city. July 12. 1900. to the wife
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
FARLEY— PAPE— In this city. July 27. 1900, at
the residence of his Grace Archbishop Rior-
dan, by the* Rev. Father Mulligan, John 1*.
Farley and Florence A. Pape, both of San
Francisco.
GIBBONS— FAIRCHILD— In this city, July 25,
1S00. by the Rev. William B. Berry. L. A.
Gibbons and Florence Falrchlld.
PARQUET— KROETZ— In this city, June 27,
1900, by the Rev. Father Maximilian, Edmond
V. Parquet and Louise C. Kroetz, both of San
Francisco.
TROMM— BUTSCHEK— In this city. Auguet 4,
10OO. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Anton W. Tromm and Ottllle Butschek, both
of San Francisco.
MARRIED.
CARD OF THANKS. •,
To friends of Mrs." Thomas Cullen and chil-
dren we desire to express our heartfelt thanks
for the sympathy and kindness shown us In
our late bereavement.
MRS. THOMAS CULLEN and Children.
CARD OF THANKS.
To those friends who so ' kindly rendered
their assistance in our late hour of bereave-
ment, the death of our beloved daughter and
sister, Sophie Volkmar, we express our sln-
cerest thanks, especially so In the case of Dr.
J. F. Sullivan, who worked heroically to re-
stare life; also to Rev. J. Fuendellng, to those
who sent llowers as tokens of sympathy, and
Mr. H. B. McAvoy, the undertaker, for kind
and courteous treatment.
MHS. AMELIA VOLKMAB, Mother.
MRS. "LOUIS WILD.
MRS. CHARLES FEY.
MRS. MAURICE OWENS, '
. Daughter*.
GRANT— In Dufftown. Scotland. August 1. 1900.
Grant. C. E., father of the Rev. James
A. Grant of St. Peter's Chvfrch.
May he rest in peace.
*,£££ • ol « n n mass of requiem will be cele-
¦™™, a 1 J St. Peter's Church. Twenty-fourth
ana Alabama streets, Tuesday, Aucust 7, at
9 o clock, for the repose of his soul, i
J^w RS rI. n thl3 city, August 3, 1900, Mllo
bldney Jeff era, father of Myra and Eunice
;™" 8 ' -* native of Hadley. N. Y., ased 61
?? a : s » n^,8 months. (Glen Falls and Sara-
°S;5. Y ;. Papers please copy.) .
? hlT i, funeral services will ' take place
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ma-
«i iS T<>m l | le, corner Post and Montgomery
V. reet8 ' under the auspices of California Lodge
£°- ]. F. and A. II. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
JEnOlIE- In this city. August 3. 1900. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of B. XV. Tucker Jer-
ome, a native of Portsmouth. England, aged
V^.™, 2 m onths and 12 days.
\LJ t riends and acquaintances are' re'spect-
f" 1 '*' Invited to attend the funeral this day
L bu^frt. at 1:30 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
fourth street, near Market. Interment Odd
mellows Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KA THRINER_i n this city. August 2, 1900,
l«ellx Kathrlner, a native of Sarnen-Aa, Ob-
W d a'n' Swltze r lan o. »Ked 26 years 5 months
, Bp'Fricnds and acquaintances are respeet-
vi. y ) nvlte(1 to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 7 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. H.- Metzler. 636 WaehinKton street,
thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, rear Jones street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LAUGHLIN— In this city. August 3. 1900. at her
residence, 1197 Bush street, Mrs. Mary A.
. J^aughlln, mother of Gregory B., Charles D.,
Anna and Marguerite Laughlin, also grand-
mother of Anna S. Laughlin, a native of Ire-
land, aged 82 years.
' '. p^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Episcopal Church, Fulton street, between
Webster and Fillmore. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MCALLISTER— August 4, 1300. Charles F. Mc-
Allister, only son of A. C. and Kate Mc-
Allister, aged 34 years 2 months and 24 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the Episcopal
Church, corner E and Fourth streets. Ban
Rafael.
MAHONY— In this city, July 30, 1900, Rein-
hold Andrew, infant son of Andrew F. and
Rose Mahony.
MARKS— In this city, August 2. 1900, Berry,
beloved husband of Johanna Marks, a native
of Germany, aged 69 years. (Uklah and Santa
Rosa papers please copy.)
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence.
1194 O'Farrell street, corner of Gough. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
Btreets.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society— You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, B. Marks, this (Sunday) morning,
at 10:15 o'clock, from his late residence, 1194
O'Farrell street. S. ZEKIND. Secretary.
MARTIN— In' Stockton, August 2, 1900, Wil-
liam J.. beloved husband of Mary A. Mar-
tin, a native of Lafayette, Or., aged 49 years
and 8 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Woodman Hall,
821 Twelfth street. Oakland, under the aus-
pices of Oakland Camp No. 94, Woodmen of
the World, and El Capltan No. 115, Order of
Railway .Conductors. , i
MURRAY— In this city, August 4. 1900. Michael
John, beloved son • of Joseph and Nellie Mur-
ray, a native of California.
MURTA— In this city. August 3. 1900. Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John Murta, and
dearly beloved mother of Alice, and Jennie
Murta, a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 119 Silver street, thence ! to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high '
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
bouI,- commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHOBER— In this city. August 3. 1900. at the
residence of her parents. 458 Minna street,
near Sixth, Julia, dearly beloved daughter of
Ernest and Augusta Schober. and sister of
Frederika, Henry, Emma, Clara, Anna and
the late Sophie Rchober, a native of San
Francisco, aced "17 years 1 month and 10
'days. A member of St. Paul's Young Ladles'
Society.
tttTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1419 How-
ard street, between Tenth and Eleventh. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ,
SEVERANCE— In this city. August 2, 1900, J.
G. Severance, beloved husband of Mrs. M. J.
Severance, a native of Maine, aged 67 years
10 months and 2 days.
IE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors Of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Howard-street Methodist Church, between
Second and Third streets, where services will
. be held. Interment- Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. August 3. 1900, Charles
Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 46 years.
ICTFTienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Pacific Coast Waiters' Association.
VETTER- In this city. August 2. 1900, Cath-
arine Vetter, dearly beloved wife of Karl
Vetter, and loving mother of Katie and Ju-
lius Vetter. a native of Welsensteln oben an
Geisllngen, Wurtemburg, Germany, aced 43
years 7 months and 19 days.
(O'Frlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 145 Erie street, between Folsom and
Howard, thence to St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, for
! services, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
"WIELAND— In this city. August 4, 1900, John
George WIeland, beloved brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Noethlg. Mrs. Adolph Beyer. Mrs. J.
Rohrer and Christ Wieland. a native of Wur-
temberg, Germany, aged 41 years and 3
days.
WIGGINTON— In Stockton. August 4, 1900. Mrs.
G. WIceinton, mother of Mrs. O. W. Spink
and Mrs. 1). E. Otis, a native of Steuben-
vllle. (Steubenville papers please copy.)
WILSON— In the City and County' Hospital,
August 4, 1900, Peter Wilson, a native of Scot-
land, aged 54 years.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gal lasher).
DAMEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E1113ALMERS.
£0 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone . South SO. i-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
UNITED \ UNDERTAKERS.
X and W Fifth st. "Tel. South 167.;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMES9.
Finest Kqulpment at Moderate Rates.'
""OOMS TO I.i:T Fan. nnd IJuforn.
FIIERMAN Aiartmer.t House. 2% Eighth et.,
neur Markrt— Furnished or unfurnished.
KIXTH. 240V* — Ch&ri«sed bandr; nicely furniehed
i- ....!.• room*; day, Kctk, month.
KTniNER7^2-To let. furnUhed front room;
tl& per month.
TATUO&. ill— Xlcely furnished eunny front
rooms.
TAYLOR, MO, lwt. nuch and Tine-Four hand-
nomf-ly furnlrhe<l nunny room*: fas. bath.
all n<-w furniture, carpets; $g and IIP mo.
THN'TH. 31?— A nice sunny furnished room.
THE OAKK. m Third-A cvid rooming house
_Jor KCxhI r~oifle. It. HUGHK5. proprietor.
VALENCIA. *2V$— Punny front room and
Btchqt; furnished; uiw nt lmth: HO jA
CLASSIFIED udvf-rtiretnents and rubwrlptlons
r.r-.lv.-<l nt Call l.rrfnrh offir*. 22Q0 Flllmjre rU
A B&AKCH «fflce for Call ad\-<»rti*ements and
ruJi^rriptionii has been established at 10!»6
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S n>n for S rents. The Weekly Call.
I« rare*. In wrunrw. for malllne. XI per yur
noons am) in»*.::o.
PACIFIC, five., 1716. - n«-ar Von Xcm-Runny
room*: exr-Ml^nt board for m.-.n and wife or
twj pent!>-ini-n: r-ffrirnr^ti exohan»?od.
A BPGCIAt* u(Tt to tearhers; exceptionally at-
«r»rtiv». Interior end table. 807 California «t.
I-AS 1'AI.MAS, n» Market «t.— Suite of J or J
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
IK)PT. T44— Sunny rooms with first-class board;
rnrlor: r>1nno: r>hon«».
IIOOMS AJili UOAIID \VA\TKD.
TlOAP.n end room wanted in private family
by. boy 15 year* of a«e. Thirteenth and Mis*
*ion rtr. ; I'hilartelphla nakery.
ItOOMS WAXTED.
COTTAGE, fat or lower flrx>r. with bath, iras
ranpe and yard; S, 4 or 6 rooms; furnished
complete; >rive location, price and details.
P. O. I>"X T?M. rlty.
BTUIIAOI3 AM) WAIUCI1ODSB9.
yXTLBOS nitOS., storsre and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phon» South 761.
I'AOJFU* 6tr.r«ce and Furniture Movlnr Com-
pany rr?o Fillmore pt.; phone Jackson 181.
lir.KINS Vsn end Storsce Ca. TR Mlwlon st.;
trl M^1n 1V4IV— J*rrk)nir. movlns; and storaa*.
TYPCWIllTBItS AM> Sliri'I.IES.
GltHAT !iA KGA1NS INT TVriiWRITERS— W»
*r!l lifttcr tnarhlnrs for less money than any
house In the rlty: rentala, (J- The Typewriter
Exrhtmc, r.3« <"allf(irnla. telephone Main 2S».
STKXOGnArilV AM) TVPKWIIITIXG.
KEW typewriters, ir. down. Si month payments.
HKVAI-K. 4"» California «t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
.*l.AMi;il.4 ttOAZ, KSTATB.
t^'DO— NK^V house. S rooms, terms, lot C0xl49.
south r)1e Knrinal ave , $700; new house of 5
rw>ms (in ord«*r>, lot 30xlIJ, between the rall-
roads. linOJ terms. J. II. YOUNG, 1243
1'ark at.
f»O0~-<X>TTAGK of 4 rooms; lot ZSxlSO.
111^10— I>it DOxlJO; Pan Jose avf.
t2e*v-Cottace 6 rooms; lot 37:6xlM); fine !m-
provements; 1'ariflr ave.
$C7T<G— Itedured fn^m S?000; house of 10 rooms;
nt-arly new; rorner lot: 2 blocks from Chestnut
rt. Ftatl-in: rholr* barcaln. E. P. JCDD CO.,
J4H I'nrk rt.
JH^AJ^E^ ItOOMS AND HOARD.
lXrOAKTLT furrlfhed room, with boajd If
deal red; l or 2 persons. 20t'J Ilutlruai ave..
Willow Mntl.m. Alameda.
behkeleyTdtotisements
UmtlvULRY OBAIi ESTATE.
|USfr-BERE you ar*: nrand-new house and
lot fur l«-ss than rr*t of house; 6 rooms and
l'»!h: brick foundation; a snap. II D IH-
WIN, Lorln etatlon.
im— IX)T C"xl34: new modern house; right Bt
iiatlin nuil .lectrlc car*; 6 room* and bath
finished; 3 more p«wi ran be finished ; a fine
pr»tx»rtr. H. I). IUW1N. Lortn etatlon.
ll-OHV-fiEE our new 0 and 6 room up-to-date
cottages on Grove »t.; latest style; best
plumbing"; tinted walls; Ka« fixtures; con-
< nt- wiilks and Btrtet work done; essy terms.
II. I>. IHWIN. It. H. waltine-room, Lorln
station.
T) N RPT "rUYS IN* nERKELET.
r:o(Ki-<.ro<^m cottace; lot 4OxlS0 feet; B min-
utes' walk of university; elegant view of bay.
••tc. : lnt improved with choice fruit trees- a
ts:iap: .ti-rms to tuit.
tXMO— Qacaatlr situated lot. TExlSS: 1 block
rf unlverglty; the only on* to be had In this
vicinity.
T."W--New modern ?-room house; corner lot:
•djarer.t to V. C. ; the last one left of six;
mun be sren to J>e nt>rreriat«>d. WI'RTS,
J223 Broadway. Oakland.
|1100-l?io rnsh. liaJanre $12 per month: S rooms
crnrtbnth: r,,rne r lot SOxllS. W. C. MORAN.
$1700— XKW e-rnnm r-ntta«e; lot 40x110; 3 blocks
to Mat ion: '-, UVx-k to electric cars; 1^0 oa«h
balsnre 12" j»r month. \V. f. MOHAN.
EKE pome of the new cottar** I have any-
where from Gold.-n <Jate to North Berkeley:
»!l rlzrs (md every modern convenience; tiled
fir.k. i«>icrlain bath, stationary tubs, e tc. ;
V.vi down, bnlano ?W i>er month.
W. <:. MOHAX. I*<rin station. Herkeley.
A SN'AI'- Almost n«-\v; house. 6 rvv.ims. bath.
pastXT. hot and cold water. «co>l windmill
and tank. <!c-i> «•<-;!, nice erarden chU-kcn
borne, «-tr. ; lot KbrVS; 2 blocks fr^n Mstlin
on.l rlertrio carf; pric*" JllXKi; only $!.XI caoit.
Iwlanr* 111 f,n ji-.onthly; <to? payir.K rent and
ova >.-ur wme ly j •; > it-.ic fam? as rent.
- take DntMfir train, cet off at I^n-.i Mat ton '
S3>k for RUDOLPH. FKKKINS & LV< N CO.;
cifflre open BaadtpL
JCF.AT cottas<\ t rooms, tiath. pantry, fol.'lnif
<i.*-rs. bay- window, wooden mantel. hUch
l'as-**mcTit . t»rick foundation, garden, chicken '
l>'^;' e e. ««!:!«, windmill and tank: lot 40xl-v i
i>rie# KM: «>r.ly tM ciFh. balance $15 month-
ly: this is foncbacd property and a snsp;take
ltrrkelt v train, pet off at Ixsrln station; «yk
for RCDOLPM. PEHK1X.S & LYON' CO.;
IN Berkeley— Two-Mcry modern cottage, sev«>n
larre man and bath; double parlors; heavy
RUldiacs: 7-ft. liawment: brlik foundation';
lot y\ir;.: jtrw! work oomjilete: price J3i:rfl;
Tnonthly r¦s^"^i'*ntB if doFired. Inquire o*i
mmlaea, SOU Fulton st.. Ashby Station, or
Ileron & Holoin-.h. WS> Hrondway. f>aklsnd.
C. O. KEMIP. Real Estat. and General Land
Arert. SI« Monltomery »t-
Ir. Berkeley— Corner lot RxUP. with modern
t«m»e of S rocms.
FOR PAl-P.-LoT 4^^150 rn Webster st.. Ashhy
f'atlon: $">0; street sewered. Apply or ad-
«^¦^.»^s E. F MlilRAY. 1M> Tost St.. city.
FRlTn ALE ADVEHTISEMENTS
FKtlTVALE REAL KSTATE.
rOR FALE P.Y H. A. rLTITNElT
J4JC*— <>ry oxttace of 3 rooms, chicken-house-
gmA wtU and pump; lot ~xl00; ell fenced *
. *PrVe j "-* i V,' 10 * cotla «r . or s . >anr» rooms
ar.d fc£th; hall, front and back porch- base-
ment, etc.: only 5 blocks from local train- easy
terms if drslred.
*1*G-Oua*:e of 4 rooms and hath; station-
ery tubs, chicken ho-.:te» and fruit trees- lot S3
?? M L conr.eci,-<; » it h ma tn sewer; oniy one
lilnck from Fruitvale ave.
nxtr— Roduced from Jisno; ttUI buy a nle*
Watty Of S roorss and bath; basement', etc.- lot
Wsl4T: enly orse block from electric cars-'lioo
ca^h. balance same as rent. v
JINft—Ui^d hous* of 4 rooms, hard flnlsn*d :
rtabte, 5 chicken bouse*. Incubator hou*e two
brooder*, one tncubatcr. 30 chickens cood' well
ar.d rtrc* pump; lot lSCslM; all fenced; fine
j)!ar» tor ratsirj chickens.
*1»T— Grrat bartRln; S acres of fine veeeuble
land; h.c» of ; wn«. stable, cood well; onlr
« block, from eJectrtc cars; wy terms If de-
Choice lot on Frultvale av#.. j n bearing or-
«h»rd: >Ua lkTxae; smail nayment down hal-
**T on installments; must be sold immedl-
• tf!v. For particulars apply H. A. PLEIT-
ym ; rmltvale Sutlon. Cal.
rOHHST PARK*TRAr ; r
13 LOTS SOLD IN* TS HAYS
» house* built or tn roum of oon«tructlon '
Only :l choice POREST PARK lots left
1(3 feet above pea level; fln« climate; splen.
<5ld \1ew: m-es. ehrubbery. etc.
fioo rash: halanc* easy terms: orchard: nle*
i !..•..!•¦ trees: new and modern: elepant location
It:.*— l-:i«irantlv located lot; fine soil.
*'•¦"• ¦ i-->t w>xi7S: « rooms; new.
t»«v-|r« flown, balance ea^y; 4 rooms; sewer*
ri»y watrr: larcv lot.
tlOOO-flOO down, balanc* like rent: large lot-
mmnti city water: close to cars and station- 3
»•<•"!!;*: hljV. I* !H-tnent : new.
l^tr. .if othem at various prices.
V.&ry terms «>n e\-erjjhlnr w hare to eelL.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
Tim IK'ME mriLDING COMPANT.
223 Kansonae «.. room 5.
\m vrn i/it.
? Mily »i» lots for sal*: tOxMG fe*t each: front-
lfl« ntt I*rti1lv«l» ave.; near local trains; eox-erwl
»ft»i 'MM tHMMlr.8" rnitt tr»«: a harrain never
ffTfied |*foro, H^ II. \V. DAVIS. aoj e a^eat,
r»«!«i«|ii bv»., cint Mivk from stailon.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 30.1 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FENNF.U<-In this city, on November 2S. 1S99,
Winnifred. beloved wife of William Fennell.
oldest daughter of the late Michael Glblln of
the parish of Taugh, County Roscommon, Ire-
land, and siiter of the following:: The Hon-
orable Michael Glblln of Roscommon. Ire-
land: Patrick Gtblin (alias) Charles Paul Gib-
bons of San Francisco. William Giblln <nlias)
William P. Gibbons of -San Saba County,
State of Texas; Mrs. Maria Teresa Elliott
(nee) Mnria Glblln. Mrs. Delta Hrooks (nee)
Bridget Oiblln. a native, of Taugh, Ireland,
aged 60 yyars. (Athlone. County Hoscommon,
papers please copy.)
Requlcscat In pace.
OARASSINO— In San Jose. Aufrust 4. 1900.
Henedetta Garasslno, beloved wife of the late
Stephen OaraK*lno, and mother of Nicolas.
Kate. John. Pauline. Frank and Dominic
Oarasslno, Mrs. Kltjabeth Dondero, Mrs.
I*oulse Demartlnl, Mrs. Clara Blnsaeea and
the late Mary Garnsslno, n native of Lal-
guaeRlln. Italy, aired CO years and 3 months.
C3"Frlendii and acquaintances ara renpect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from her lat« residence, 202 North
Tenth street. Fan Jojc, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn retqulem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock, thence by train
to Holy Cros» Cemetery, arriving there at-1
o'clock.
GATIER-In this city. AUKUSt 4, 1W0, Francis
E.. belov<Hl husband of . Cella Gatler. and
brothei of Mrs. Ambrose, a native of France,
ased 51 years. . .;_•-¦¦
jryFrlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvMed tft attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from hts late resi-
dence, 4036 Folsom street, thence to St: John's
Church (Old St. Mary's College), where a low
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencinc at 9 o'clock.
MRS. RHODA G. BISHOP.
CALISH— The monument erected to the mem-
orv of Aaron Ed Callsh will be dedicated at
12:30 o'clock this day (Sunday), at Ealezn
Otnetery. /
CHENEAU— In this city. Ausrust 3. 1900, Louise
Chtnoau, beloved sister of Celestlne Che-
nrau, and cousin of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Case-
nave, a native of Sacramento. Cal., aged 16
years.
BARABINO— In the City and County Hospital,
August 3. 1900, Carlo Barablno. a native of
Italy, aged 63 years.
BARKY— There will be a solemn requiem an-
niversary high mass celebrated for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Ella E. Barry
to-morrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock. In St.
Rose's Church. Friends and acquaintances
are reppectfuliy Invited to attend.
BISHOP — The monument erected to the memory
of the, late Homer U Bishop, member of
Golden Gate Camp No. 64. W. O. W.. will be
unveiled at Cypress Lawn Cemetery this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock. Members of the
.¦ Woodmen of the World and friends are re-
ppectfully Invited to attend.
Jerome. Frederick WIeland. John G.
Kathrlner, Kellx WlgKlnton, Mrs. O.
Laughlin, Mrs. Mary Wilson. Peter
Vetter. Catharine
Jeffers. Milo S.
DIED.
Barablno. Carlo McAllister. Chas. F.
Dairy. Ella E. Mahony, Relnhold A.
lltshop. Homer L. Marks, Berry
Callsh. Aaron E. Martin. William J.
Cheneau. I^ouise ilurray. Michael J.
KWinell. Winnifred Jlurta. Catherine
Gatler. Francis E. Schober, Julia
Garasslno. Henedetta Severance. J. G.
(Jrant. Peter Smith. Charles,
g.OOp
11:05 p
1:1* a
3:<\". a
T.CCa
4 ::¦<> a
5:13 a
7:30 a
C —
HI
: 5 o
BAJXROAD TEAVEL.
TWO= L F , A M^g=TRAlNS
Knickerbocker
Qnpml Noonday
ajpCUdl Train From
( NEW YO^K.
ct i mitt in ) BOSTON.
J>1. LUU15 10 < BUFFALO
( CINCINNATI.
Via Big Foup Route and
New York Central Railway.
NO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
HO FERRY AT HEW YORK.
STOr AT NIAGARA FALLS.
Whitelity
Special |j$s ,
, CINCINNATI.
CHICAGO tO {BALTIMORE.
f PHILADELPHIA.
V NEW YORK.
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE.
' -Pacific Coast Afient.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Saosallto Ferry:
"WEEK DATS.. 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p m.
SUNDAYS ....S, 9, 10, 11 a. m., 1:30. 2 30 pi m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, fl 40
NEW TAVEIC* OF TAMALTAIS XCAV OPEN
STATEMENT
/-tK.— ° F THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31s<t day of December. A. D.
ISM, and for the year endinp on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the J'rovislons
of Sections 610 and 611 of the PolirTeal Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
fe'^SS^^ W».wo 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortsapes.... $14,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,032.340 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 2o,m 00
Cash In Company's Offlce «lr25 2 !
Cash in Banks 116,o81 U_
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.4o6 o«
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ¦¦ \
and Mortgages 83 42
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tlon 246.6S2 42
Due from other Companies for Re- 'j>
Insurance on losses already paid... 9.419 Zj
Total .Assets tl. 451.834 04
LIABILITIES. ~~ _ _
Losses adjusted and unpaid $35,423 73
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 6o.646 9|
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6.610 36
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $720,434 34; 1^'\-
relnsurance 50 per cent 360,227 1.
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one. year, $313,-
294 05; reinsurance pro rata 183.035 56
All other demands against the Com-
pany 63,083 01
Total Liabilities $713.993 83
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $794,166 83
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 725 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources.. S6.368 M
Total Income $331.260 75
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $42,335 93, losses of previous
years) $456.140 16
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ". 134,760 54
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 58.374 83
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 23.743 78
All other payments and expenditures 53,500 G6
Total Expenditures $776,519 87
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year.... $319,577 «3
Risks and Premiums. Fir© Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rlslcs
written during the
year $155,463,094 $1.200, 23?' 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 123.SS0.506 842.956 12
Net amount In force
December 31, 1893... 133. 238, 165 1,038.743 39
OEO. S. A. YOUNG. President.
WALTER S. ALLEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 9th
day of February'. 1900. GEO. H. COREY.
* Commissioner for California.
THOS. J. CONROY,
Manager.
CEO, W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Comer California and Sansome Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
TOYOliSEN KAISHA^
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and '
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In- :
dla, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 19C0
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday, September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner of First.
"W. H. AVERT. General Agent
COKPAGNIE OENERALE TRAN3ATLANTIQU2.
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
falling every Thursday, instead oi <^?\ifA»
Saturday, from November 2. 1399. at -^c^^S
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street: L'AQUITAINE. August 9: LA
BRETAGNE. August 16: LA LORRAINE. Aug-
ust 23; LA TOURAINE, August 30. First
class to Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class
to Havre. $55 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZa & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.— HONOT.UT.it, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia Wed., Aug. 8, 8 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. August 22. 2 p. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BP.GS. CO.. Aqts.. >!•* Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight uttice.327 Market St
1/nOlflnO I IlIC HATHOR....K00tons
K Alii N Llflfc OCTAVIA ...700Otons
iXUUHIUU Ullll. LUXOR 6300 tons
— — ABTDOS 40CO tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc. >
S. S. Tanls. 45C0 tons, sails aboat August 23.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery et. Pier No. 7 — Freight offlce.
S27 Market St., San Francisco^
ADVERTISEKSNTS.
SI'ECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester'g English Pennyroyal Pills
are the b«st; .safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," in letter by return mail; at druR-
Klsts. Chlcheater Chemical Co.. I'hlladel.. Pa.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 12S0 Market St.. above Jones.
ROOMS papered from %3:> whitened. Jl up;
paintiRK done. Hartman Taint Co., 319 Third.
[^^¦Sntl^BS^^^iatri^HlSmS^^^^^^^JsBC^^HoC^JCash Quotations were as follow*:
Flour. quiet: winter patents. W S0@4:
stralEhts. »3 2(»®3 70; spring specials, $4 M;'
Batents. W 7(W4 10: straights. $3 30^3 70;
bnkers' 12 3Gii2 SO; No. 3 spring wheat, 63tf73c;
Xo 2 red, 73@77Me; No. 2 corn, 3Sii©25V4c; No.
•> yellow, 40c; r No. V 2 oats. im@22Uc; No. 2
white. 23®23^c; No ,3 white. 22V4S23Hc: N'o. 2
rye 4Sfii0c; Kood feeding barley. S4©36c; fair
to choice malting. 2S$f44c: Ho. 1 flax seed, $1 42;
No 1 Northwestern. 51 42; mess pork, per bar
rel $11 7(?gll 75: lard, per 100 pounds. W 77^®
6 SO- ithort ribs sides floose), S7@7 30; dry salted
shoulders fboxe-d), <*« S 7c: short - clear sides
(boxed), J7 «hSP7 80: ,. whisky, - basis of high
wines *1 23H: sugars, cut loaf. 6.S3c; granu
lated, 6.32c: confectioners' A, &2Sc; off A. 6.12c;
clover, contract grade. ¦<$.,- ,
Articles— , Receipts. Shipments'.
Flour, barrels .V- 15,0m 30.000
Wheat/bushels .........149,000 '153,000
Corn, bushels 211.000 223,000
Oats, bushels ...487.000 247.000
Rye. bushels lfv.000 .-3.000
Barley, bushels 14,000. ' 7,000
-On the* Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Au^sf .**.":... 74* m) U 74
A«^t S l^...... «7 *% 87 ZVi
Beptember 36% «7?i S6% 87*1
October 36U 36% IS* . W»4'
Oats No. 2—
August 21 " 21 29*4 20H
Septpmber .; 21% «1H -51 l i 2H4
October «*¦ :.«% 21% . 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel- m
September 12 05 12 05 1179 11 S3
October 12 ©2Vi 12 024 11 67ii 11 85
I/ord per 100 pounds —
September « MH 6 82% 177^4 6 SO
October ............ 6 IVA « !7fc 8 77^ fi 82>4
January v 6 70 6 75 « 65 6 67*
Short Rlb«, per 1» pounds-
September 7 10 - 7 10 6 95 7 07%
October 7 07«4 7 C7\j 6 97% 7 05
January .-¦• « 10 •"«» • » « 19
SEW TOP.K, Xag. •.-^ter* \ru nothing Jo I
pertatt la to-day** dealing In stacks and bonds.
The undertone cf the market was firm. owln«
to ti-e scanty oSeringa 6f etocka. but the ef
forU to arouse ary epeculative enthuclum
were Quite futUe, cuttid* of a moderate desaaad
for the iroa tad steel chares, which generally
aev&noed froxa 1 to IK. the latter figure repre
msUec the extreme srala t,y Tennessee Cctl.
The motive cf the movement was the enoour
t£t£4T opinion expressed by the Commercial Re
views of the week ca the conditions In the Iroa
trade. The report ot yellow fever In Florida
c&uaed e&cizress Ir. one or tw« Southern rail
road Uses and Brooklyn Rasid Transit wu af
fected by reports cf labor disaffection. Sugar
continued oo its course toward recovery and the
upward movement In Union Pacific was con
tinaed. the other transcontinental railroads
chewing ecrce sympathy. The list yielded on
the bank etatement, but nothink like Impor
tant liquidation was In eridence. The closing
¦»a* dull and rather heavy, with Bteel Industries
&ru! a few other specialties ehowlsg the cr.'.y
: •¦ ¦ l.> net chancel. •
Bsjikere estima.te that the demand for gwld to
export on account of the British war loan may
amount to Jrom ten to fifteen million dollars.
The exchange market w&» nominal to-day, but
prfr-4 rates wero advanced *£c.
The st-jck mark-t has remained In a befogged
condition this week. Changes do not ehow any
new licht on the mooted point of what the fu
ture level of prices for securities Is to be. Un
certainty end waiting are the only deductions
to t*e drawn from the flat, quiet mrfaceof
th«» market. Dealing* are on a small ecale and
buyers and nellers far apart. The resulting
duilnes!! cannot be Interpreted aa hopeful for
better conditions to come, but the abeence of
liquidation muttt be accepted as confidence that
Um future will be no worse. The entire ab
reti<?e of any decisive development to affect the
rencral tone of ejaculation. Individual causes
bave had free ncope to affect fp«?cla! stocqs.
Whenever any epedal movement of this kind
t^came evident the room traders rushed to
Join the movement. The re*ult has been that
a half to a third of each day's business has
be?a congested In from three to sir stocks. The
declaration of a 2 per cent dMdend on Union
Pacific was precipitated quite unexpectedly, the
»renTjil . . ;-»-:•». <r,n being that action wotMd
be deferred until about the middle of the month.
The ultimate policy of the powers in China, the
cntt of porfermlnK the task before them there
and by whom that rost Is to be borne, ar* «tiB
among the inscrutable mysteries. Opinions of
the future cf the money market have wavered
in the Jifht of the !a.rj;e sources for replenish
rr.ent of the New York mariwt revealed. The
Ftrcam of Alaskan gold is beginning to show
Its seasonable eHoct in the country's bank re
serves and the receipt of AastraJi&n gold Is
a<Med to this. Meaatlme, the expected outward
movement of gold is deferred and the policy
of the bank of Hncland leaves the period of Its
,\f ginning an op*n question. Time money has
| fhown a distinctly earier tendency during the
'j*xtcr part cf the week.
'¦"" Dullness' In bonds !s even more marked than
in stocks, the average volume of dealings being
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4. — Yesterday's heavy export
engagements, which last night were placed at
100 loads, were, the sole Influence In wheat trad
ing at the opening, there being no Liverpool
market, on account" of the English holidays.
Opening trades were made at a slight advance,
September at 75*iS75^jc, compared with yester
day* t -closing of 75Vi@ 7 5%a But the market
was not supported. On the contrary, there were
plenty of selling orders, principally by yester
day's buyers, and the market soon broke to
7»V6c. Business, which up to that point had
been moderately active, 'then died away almost
entirely and the cessation of the selling pres
sure resulted in another slight advance in Sep
tember to 75?ic, but after the tocal primary re
ceipts had been posted the market again turned
weak and remained dull and heavy to the
close. September closed at 75c
Corn was dull and steady within a moderate
range. September closed M.c higher at 37V»c
Oats were firm all day, closing unchanged at
21">io.
Provisions were lower from the start, and
before the close a material decline had taken
place in pork, while lard and ribs also suffered.-
The market was still under the mild yellow
fever scare. Part of the early decline was re
covered late In the session on buying by pack
ers, who reported a good cash ' demand for
meats. At the close. September pork was 20c
lower, lard 6c lower and ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
United States Coast and Geodetic Sanrer-
NEW TORK— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Maasdam.
for • Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stinr State of
Nebraska, for Glasgow; stmr Patricia, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg : stmr
Umbrla. for Liverpool; stmr Minneapolis, for
London; utmr Werra. for Nap'.**; stmr L Luch
enbach, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 4— Stmr La Touralne. from
GENOA— Arrived Aus 4— Stmr Ems. from
New York, via Naples.
Sailed July 31— Stmr Iris, for San Franc!scnv
Aus 2— Stmr Kai.<wr Wilhelm II. for New York.
MOJI— Sailed Aug 1— Stmr Arab, for Seattle.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 4— Strar Cymric.
for New .York. Aas 4— Stmr Etruria. for New
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Nortiland.
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug S— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, from Hamburg, for Sew Tork. Aoe
4— Stmr St Paul, from Southampton, tor New
Tork.
QUEE1NSTOWN— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Cjmrtc,
lor Nr» York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
PORT PIRIE-Falled Aug J-Schr Golden
Shor*. for Newcastle. NSW.
NANAIMO— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr MineoU.
from Port Loa Anceles.
FALJIOUTH— Arrived Aug 5— Br bark Heath
field, henco March J.
PANAMA— Arrived July 21— Stmr Barracouta,
from Acapulco. July 22— Stmr Peru, hence
TOCOPILLA-i Arrived Aug I— Br ship Marlon
Frazer. from Santa Rcsalia. .
CUXHAVEN— Passed Aug 1— Br shlD Way
farer, frotn Hambur*. for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed July 2S— Br ship
Sprlngbank. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 2— Br ship Gen
eral Gordon, fcr Leith; Ger bark Paul Iaea
berg. for Tyne.
FOREIGN PORTS
HONOLULU — Arrived July IS — Br stmr
Bloocifonteln. from Tacoma: Br stmr Mnana,
hence July 11. July 19— Schr Bertie Minor,
from Eureka. July 23— Schr Robert Lewera,
h>enre July S. July 23— Pkta Newsboy, from
Port Townsend. July 2fc-Stmr Callfornian. hno
July 17: stmr City of Rio. hence July 13. July
27 — Stmr City of Peking, from Yokohama: Ger
war stmr Gcler. from Acaoulco.
Sailed July 19— Bark Oregon, for Port Town
r»nd. July 20— Stmr Alameda, for S F. July
21— Ship Ersklne M Phelp«. for San Francisco.
July 2< — Ital ship Eliza, fcr Port Townsend.
July 27— Stmr City of Rio. for Yokohama. July
27— Stmr California^, for Manila.
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 3— Schr Kmma Claud
tna, for Kahului.
Arrived Atxg 4— Stmr Del Norte. hence Aug 2;
stmr W II Krusrer. from Tlllamook.
Sailed Aur 4— Stmr Fulton, fcr ; stmr Del
Nocte. for Portlard.
l#iRT ROSS— Sailed Au» 4— Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Aug 4— Ship Ab
ner Cobum. from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived An* 4— Schr
Falcon, from Cape Nome.
Passed Aug 4 — Ship A J Fuller, hence July
21. for Seattle: schr Falcon, for Port Gamble.
BOWENL' LANDING— Sailed Aug; 4— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco." ' . .
«KATTLK— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr City of To
peka. f^r Skaguay.
Arrived Auc 4 — Br stmr Klntuck, from Shang
hai; stmr Queen, from Skaguay; stmr City o*
Seattle, from Skaguay. - «
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS. Aug 4. 19 p m— Weather
fawry; wind S\T. velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC
LONDON. Auk 4— Br stmr Enersfia at Mel
bourne, from Port Hadlock. was dim
aged by collision with Br stmr Undaunted. Had
flv» plates on port side amidships fractured.
Ship P N Bl.tnchartl. from Baltimore, for San
Francisco, put into Falkland Islands slightly
damaged about the dfeks in heavy weather.
Ship Henry Failing, from New Tork. for
Honolulu, put into Falkland Islands leaking.
MISCELLANEOUS
Per ttmr City of Peking— Aug 1. lat 31 »S N.
lon 135 22 W. Br ship Mllverton. from Antwerp,
for Pan Francisco, SI days out: all well.
July 17. lat 8 N. lon 30 W-Oer ship U Y
Olade. hence April 14. fcr Queer.stown.
July *>. lat 4« N. lon 8 W— Br bark Australia,
from Tyne. for Son Francisco.
June 50. lat 37 S. lon 71 W— Fr bar* Toaratne,
from Swansea. f:>r San Francisco.
SPOKEN*
Saturday. August 4.
Schr Neptan*. hence Jnly 23, for Houda Land
ing, on account sprlnginir a leak Auy 4 at
Sara, 11 mll-s west of Cape Mendoclno, an<l
upon arrival had three feet of water In hold.
RETURNED.
Saturday. August 4.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria, etc.
Stror Navarro. Jensen. Bowers Landing.
Stmr Oeo Loomls. Bridsett. Ventura.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfish. Crescent City.
Ship Berlin. Gaffry. Tacoma.
TSarlc Kdward Mwy. Hansen. Honolulu.
Pchr Five Brothers. Jensen, Coqnll!e River.
Schr Mary Etta. Hansen. Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday. Ausunt 4.
Stmr Walla Wa!!a. Hal!, Victoria, etc; Good*
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Czarina,. Seaman. Seattle: E T Kruse.
Ftmr North Fock. McLellan. Eureka; Chaa
Nelson.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. AstorU; O R 4 N Co
SAILED
Saturday. August 4.
Ptmr City of Peking. Smith. 30 dayt from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 20 days, via Hono
lulu 7 days.
Stmr Progreso. Zolltnr. 8S hour* from
Taccma. •
S'.cr South Coast. Olsen. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Schr Volant. Ericsson, 5 days from Gray*
Hnrbir.
Schr Monterey. Beck. 44 hours from Crescent
City.
Shipping Intelligence.
DRIED FRUITS. .
The week closod with trade in dried fruits
and evaporated apples comparatively light,
though the general undertone held about steady,
with prices unchanged in the main.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
S@5c: prime, 4%<ff3Vic; choice, 6H@6c.
PRUNE*- 3%e<c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll®14c; Moorpark, 15317c
PEACHES— 14@18c: unlxceled, 6gSi
New York Grain and Produce.
KBW TORK. Aur. *•— TtiOXTR— RecelpU, 24.
6S0 barrels: exports, 13,170 barrels; sales, E600
packages. Inactive and about steady. Winter
patents, (3 90@4 80; winter straits. S3 thfil SO;
Minnesota patents. $4 IE 54 CO; winter extras,
$2 70S3: Minnesota bakers'. $2 80'o'3 35; winter
low xrades, $2 40Q2 70.
WHEAT— Receipts, 79,500 bushels; export",
130.143 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 780
79Hc elevator and 8SHcf. o. b. afloat: Xo. 1
Northern Duluth. E4^ic f. o. b. alloat. Options —
Opened steady and were fairly well sustained in
the forenoon by decided strength at Paris,
higher corn market and light offerings. Cloeed
about steady at Uc net decline. September,
80H3S0 5-16c dosed SOHo; December. &l%2S2»4o,
closed SITio.
HOPS— Dull. Etate — Common to oholce. 1899
crop, IUtHc; <!o old, 8&3o. Paciflo Ceaat— 1S?S
crop. lW!3o; do eld, 33 5o.
HIDES— Steady. California. 19 to a poundi,
15HC
WOOL — Qrtlet. Domestlo fleece, tJffISc;
Texas. 13*2 16c «
COPPER— Easy. Brokers'. 18^8.
LEAD— Easy. Brokers', J4-
COFFEE— Spot-Rio, easy; Ko. 7 Invoice, 8Vic:
mild, quiet; Cordova, nominal. Futures— Closed
steady. 5^10 points net lower. Sales. 30.250
bac3, including: August and September. $1 fio;
October. $7 75; November, $7 75@7 20; December,
17 S5i)7 80; January, V 90; February and March,
$SSS 06
SUGAR— Raw, barfly steady; fair refining-.
4Hc; centrifugal. 66 te^t. 4*4a: molasses snrar.
4Hc. Refined, quieter: No. 6. 5.56c; No. 7, 5.45c;
No. 8, 6.40c; No. 9, 6.35c; No. 10, 6.80c; No. 11.
5»3Cc; No. ,12, 6. 25c; No. 13, 6.2uo; No. 14. 6.20c:
standard A. 6.10c; confectioners' A. 6.90o; mold
A. S.SJc: cut loaf. t.60c: crushed. 6.50c; pow
flqred, 6.20c; STanulated. 0.10c: cubes. 8.21c.
BUTTER — Reoeipts. 104 packages; eteady.
Creamery* 17020c; current packed factory, 14Q
lS'Jic: Imitation creamery, 13(ffl8o.
EGGS— Receipts. 4781 packages; steady. West
ern, at mark, ll@13%e; Western, loss off, 15%c
There is . little life to anything under' this
head at . the moment. The. recent 'advance In
Butter la leading to the use of held goods
more or less," and the advance In Eggs haa
somewhat impaired the demand. Cheese con
tinues weak and In good supply. " ¦
. . BO'TTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. ' 23@23%c; sec
onds, 22»4c; ; . . . .¦ .
- Dalo'— FaHcy. 20c; good to choice, 1S@19c;
common, 15@17Hc. . -
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled s roil— 20c. \
; Firkin— 18&2OC ¦ . . .:
CHEESE-New, 8S?c; Young America, S*4@
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There were^-large stocks of Poultry on hand
at (his "close, to be carried over to Monday.
The market was very weak, and no reasonable
oftor was refueed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9®10c for Gobblers
and lCtflTc for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 2;<B; 50-
Gosling*, fl 23«J1 SO: Ducks. |3#4 for old and
$3 £0(34 for youns; Hens. $3 50©u; Young Roost
ers, $4©-3 60; Old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fryers
ISO'S 50; Broilers, $2 6063 for large and tl 6oe2
for small; Pigeons, ?1 60@l 75 per dozen for old
and Jl 25ffl 60 for Squabs. •
t GAME— Doves. 40® 60c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 25; Brush Rabbits. T5c@$l; Hare.
$l!gl 25.
Poultry and Game.
Sweet Potatoes continue weak and plentiful.
Other Potatoes and Onions are unchanged.
Tomatoes are steady. The market Is heavily
supplied with most vegetables.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 60c; New Early
Ro*<». 25fiS0c: Rurbanks, I5<g<0c for Rivers and
65'rf75c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets. lHS^c per
pound.
ONIONS— Tellow, 60<g90c per ctl: Pickle
Onions, $1@1 25. • " •
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. E0c«JH per sack,
9Oc'0$r per crate for Berkeley and Sl@l 60 for
Alameda: Green Peas, 2@3V4c per lb; String
Beans. lVi@3c; Llmas. 3<?4c; Cabbage. 40@r.0c:
Tomatoes. Rivera, 40@60c: Bay, 60075c: /Egx
Plant, E0©75c per box; Green Okra, 35^75c;
Green Peppers, 25@60c per box for Chill and 60
fifiOc for Bell :" Dried Peppers. 8@lPe: Carrots. 25
635c per sack: Summer Squash, 20@3ocfor Ala
meda: Cucumbers, 155j3Oc for Alameda; Pickles.
$1 per ctl for No. 1 and 60c for No. 2; Garlic 2
«|3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@15 per ton.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $2(32 20; -Canary.
3>4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2Vj@3c; Hemp, 4@4>*c;
Timothy, 4®4&c. - -
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, nominal; Green. S2 233
2 60 per ctl: Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS- Bayos. $2 65@2 75: Small White. $3 40
©3 60; laree -White, 12 6002 75; Pink. $2@2 S5;
Red. $2 25@3 60; Blackeye, $3 50; Lima, $3 309
5 40; Pea. nominal: Red Kidneys, J4g4 60.
Quotations for all description! remain un
disturbed.
Beans and Seeds.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— 112 50013 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— »7®20 Der ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 60i3Z8\Cocoanut Cak?. $20@21: Corn Meal.
$20 50; Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed. $13 50(014
HAT— Volunteer. $4 50<&6 60: "Wheat. J10'<il2;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50011 50; Oat, $8810; Clover.
Wat; Alfalfa, I5®7 60; Barley, $6 SOtgS 60 per
ton. . .
STRAW— 25@40c per ball.
Receipts of Hay dropped to 46S tons.. The
market was steady and unchanged. Dealers re
port considerable feeling for future quotations
for exoort account, and i£ war with China
should occur there might be largo purchases
In this market
Hay and FeedstufFs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follow.*,
ufual discount to ths trade: Graham Flour,
13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, tt 75; Rye Meal. $2 60;
Rice Flour, 17; Corn Meal, $2 76: extra cream
do. 13 50; Oat Groats. 14 60: Hominy. $3 50^3 75;
Buckwheat Flour. I4@4 25: Cracked Wheat.
K £0; Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, |3 23;
Rolled Oats (barrels). J6S7 2a; in- sacks, (5 75
417; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, |5; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, |J W©3 75.
usual term?; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@S 60; Oregon
and Washington. $2 1S@S 10 per barrel for fam
ily and S3 15'n 3 £0 for bakers' ; Eastern. $4 73®
6 75 per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session — Xo sales.
Regular Mornlne Session— December— J0OO ctls,
78T»o.
OATS— Dealers reported a fair call for goods.
Tiie Government in nibbling at the market in
a quiet way. without making- any very large
purchases. : *
White. n 10^1 S5; Surprise. $1 !5«M 40;
Red. $110^122^: Gray, fl NXffl 20; Black.
$1 Q7HS1 22>j per ctls; oft grades of all kinds,
u«n Q7%. ¦ ¦ ¦• • • .
CORN-Ur«e Yellow, tl 2S per ctl: White,
SI 25 per ctl; Small Round Yellow, tl 35.
RTE-9O@93nc per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 75©77«4c for No. 1 and 67H©7»Ho for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, SOQSSHc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— S:15 o'clock— December— 6000
ct1», SI 11.
Second Session— No palm.
Reyular Morning Session— Dec«nbei^-«000 ctli,
D 1L
BARLET— Pr»vlou» prices rule, with a flnn
market. ¦¦ ¦
Chicago was dull ana featureless, though a
million bushels was taken for export oa Fri
day. Tho Ohio crop la ctated at under 10,000,000
bushels.
The local market waa lower on tha spot and
dull n» to future*.
Spot Wheat-Shipping-, U 03%; MUIlnf, 11 OS
fll 10.
WHEAT— Paris futures were hlrher. It wu
a holiday at Liverpool.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterllnu Kxchange. sight — $4 SS4
Pterllng Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 S5
Sterling Cables — 4 89*4
New York Exchange. Fight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60!»
Mexican Dollars, nominal — lift
Exchange and Bullion.
TO SAIL.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CKTh Meridian— Pacjfio TtmeJ
CAN FRANCISCO. Auff. 4. 1300—5 p. m.
The ttflamias s-j.xiniuni tepu>era.ture» wert
repcrted from, ctatlor.s la California to-clar:
Kureka I* Los An<relee...._... 78
F"recno S6 SacT^mento - , , , , S3
Mount Tatnalpais.... «T Indepen<Jenc« .... ¦ ¦ . S3
Red BiuS n baa Dlejo...^^^ .^. CS
6an Lu'.s Obispo 70i
San Frar.cisco data: Maxlraoa tetsperBtnxe,
Cl: rr.sr:: 7!-. -:;¦.. 52: zneas, li. ,
"VTEATEEJl CONDITION KSTO GTSlTESjd*
FORECAST.
Fair veAther rrevalls ever th» Pacific Slop*,
except fogrgy aJcng 1 the Central California coast
and cloudy and ihreateninff over the Rocky
Mour.-a'.T. Plate&u region. lAght rain Is ro
jortea ircm Arizcr-a and Utah. A tiiundeita
etcrta Is r> : r*i frcsa Salt L&ka City.
Tut presf ure haji rises over th« eouthern por
tion o: :i.= Paci£a S'.cre and fallen over the
ccrtliera.
The tes^erature bas fallen over California,
Nevmfia, X't&ii acfl Northern Anrona.
CccSlticns are lavorable fcr fair weather ever
California 8ur;day. except cioudjr or forjT aloa*
the ccart Sunday momine.
Forecast zn&de at San Francisco tor thirty
hours endlr^ midnlg-ht. AngTiet 5, 1900:
Northern California— Fair Ear. lay. except
cloufiy cr foc^ eJor.g: tha coast la ta« raorn
izg* trtth. west Trlnd.
Souttiem CaUf ornla. — Fair Eaniax; firejUx . weat
rat.
Nevaia^-r'alr Scniigy.
UtaJa— Fair, warmer Saaiay.
Arlacna— Fair Eusfiay.
6aa Franci«co and vicinity— Fair Sur.fiay, ex
cept clou£y er forsr Ja tie moroliur: fresh vrest
¦wiai. G. H. WXLJ^eON'.
t-ocai Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
"Future apples were offered freely for Octo
ber-November delivery at 44c, with b!4« of
4 46. The aj-ple market la undoubtedly rtill
h»a<i!cir downwird, and Jf lt getn down a lit
tle liwer. a laxee amemnt of ¦peculation may
be locked (or."
The Fale of a car ot loese muscatel raltins
r as rerorted at regular quotations, but little
cUiPr b.ElneFi" of ar.y account was heard of.
"Baes et between fiity and ccrenty-ST* can
c'. eurrasts were report** Eatcr£ay at • lS-16a
•a-1 -i .. cuu-ket held very Sim at that figure,
decided Indications of jrettl^e to 7o aoon.
«i ss were reported to have been received
foci Gre«ce quoting the market tners at 23s
t-!. cr equivalent to "He to import.
Mail aflvieee from New Tc-rk eayi
Tor Vlctorla-15 cvl g&s, :SI bil« p!p^ 448 lbs
trbacco. ECS cs canned soeds. f3 cs drngs^ S cb
hate. tZl cs tirdwsje. 32 fk«« machinery. 30
cm millstufr* 4i0 tiji mait, 5 kegs black lead.
100 c* whUky. i pkss ste«l, 7 c* 644 gal Triae.
7 ca oil. 4; pkts groceries and provisions. Zi
ek* coceanuts. Ji 1 kp» electrical goods, 378 cs
paste. £4S0 its so<2&. i2 rs marble, S3 cs arms
i-r. i amniunition. 25 bxs raisins. 250 bxs dried
Iruit, t fca.es ao6e, 100 tins matches, 34 crs
vegetublts. :j:7 tzs fruit. 40 bxs lemon*, 25 cs
chocolate. 13 »•;«« nails, 7 ste*l beams, 7 cr»
bicycles ar.i suscrles. In transit. 4 cs whiaky,
IS es ; : - _-'• j 46 cs ccsnac Valued at
JTS2.
For CncinnaU-aCS btls pickled cherriea.
Xex< York Dried Fruit Market.
The it*ei=er "VTaJla Walla esilei yesterday
fcr Victoria with a g*r.<-ral careo, valued aa
follows: For Victoria. i;6.?41; for Clnclnnatt.
$i243; total value, JOJOO. Tte cargo -was macl
:-f.fi as fellows:
Merchandise for Victoria.
Bank Clearings.
Local b«rk eleaxlcn last week were 121.271.
$rs. aralcst JU.£2X£Sa for tie «axie week last
The Ateer Cencra leads lumber on Pug»t
Sound for Cape Town, 72s id. prior to arrival;
the Cedarbank. wbea-t at Portland for Europe.
42s 6d. prior to arrival; the Howard D. Troop,
wheat at Tacoma for Europe. SSs Sd. prior to
trrivd; the J. M. Griffith, lumber irara Had
lock to MoUexxdc. 65*; the Quickstep, lumber
at Tacotna. for Kilo; the Sussex, lumber en
Pugtt Sound lor Frvemantle, 67s 64, prior to
errivaJ: the EUllwaxer, lumber oa Puget Pound
ror Cailao. €5«. prior to arrival.
Charters.
TO ARBTVE.
considerably less than half thoee at this time
last year.
United States refunding 2s. when Issued, have
declined 1 and the Ss. old 4s and 5s H Per cent
in the bid rrice on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
4.10) Atchison '....—...- 26^
lO.lIS Atchlscn prefd 704
S70 Baltimore & Ohio „....— 74%
Canadian Pacific S7U
100 Canada Southern .*.. — ........ 484
:."-j Chesapeake & Ohio... 2?H
200 Chicago Great Western 10%
1.E2J Chicago Burlington & Qulncy K6T4
~ Chicago Ind & Louisville 234
Chciaeo Ind & Louisville prefd Cl
Chicago & Eastern Illllnols 95
Chicago & Northwestern ,...153
L400 Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 107
200 C C C & St Louis IS\
....... Colorado Southern 6
— Colorado t-outhern 1st prefd 404
Colorado Southern 24 prefd 16
m I>elaware & Hudson 112
_ Del Las & Western 173
«._... Denver & Rio Grande 1S4
....... IVnver & Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie 10«i
Brie U=t prefd 824
100 Great Northern prefd... .^ 15!
„ Hocking Coal 134
Hocking Valley S4
100 Illinois Central 1164
1C0 Iowa Central '. 19
Iowa Central prefd 44
Kansas City Pitt.'burg & Gulf 15%
Lake Erie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore ....209
1.430 Louisville & Nashville 70%
€00 Manhattan L 91
1,962 Metropolitan Street Railway 156
Mexican Central 12H
100 Minn A St Louie 4 C«
Minn &. St Louis preM 94
Missouri Pacific 50%
~ Mobile & Ohio 874
1.414 Missouri Kansas & Texas 9H
800 Missouri Kansas & Texaa prefd 10-;
Xew Jersey Central....... .......1?S4
125 New York Central 129
eiO Norfolk &. Western 83V4
Norfolk * Western preM 76H
8.8S0 Northern Pacific 62^4
600 Northern Pacific prefd 72H
E00 Ontario & Western £14
Oregon Railway & Nav 72
Oregon Railway & Xav prefd. 76
2.SS0 rex^sylvania 1 128H
Reading 17
1.S00 Reading Jat perfd C^»
Reading 2d prefd 284
Rio Grande Western ~.. 594
Ilio Grande Western prefd 83
St Louis & San Fran SV1
Bt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
St Louis & San Fran Id prefd 32»i
100 St Louis Sjuthwestern J04
110 St Louis Southwestern prefd £<4
2,670 Pt Paul Hl?i
St Paul prefd.
....... St Paul 6c Omaha...... ........ ........119
£50 Southern Pacific ...... 8314
800 Southern Railway 104
400 Southern Railway preM... 62
Texas & Pacific ~~ U\i
11.TS5 T'nion Pacific 60
1.243 Union Paclflo prefd 764
W&bash 674
200 Wabash prefd 18 1 *
400 Wteeling & Lake Erie S\
Wheeling & Lake Erie id prefd 284
....... Vi'iscccsin Central 13
....... Third Avenue 109
Express companies—
..._ Adams - 123
WM i« American , 154
„..** United Statet 4S
Wells-Farsro 123
Miscellaneous —
490 American Cotton Oil 8S4
....... American Cotton Oil prefd.....*.... S84
m ..n. American Malting 34
— -.,.. American Malting prefd ............ 19
(00 American Smeltinr & Refln 26H
100 American Smeltin* &. Refill prefd.. fcS
American Spirits 14
....... American Spirits prefd 17
m American Fteel Hoop .....'. 1$*4
400 American Steel Hoop prefd C"4
I.»29 American Bteel & Wire 34 vi
„ American Steel & Wire prefd 734
American T!n Plate 224
., American Tin Plata ptred 77\
LIDO American Tobacco .... 93
American Tobacco prefd ..... ....... 118
900 Anaconda Mining- Co 454
S.S73 Brooklyn Rapid Transit £7H
1.043 Colorado Fuel & Iron -_ 344
110 Continental Tt>bacco 244
....... Continental Tobacco prefd, ...._«... 76%
tS'.O Federal Steel .........:.... 334
'.<« Federal Pteei rrefd 6«4
323 Oeceral Electrlo 1GO
...... Glucose Sagar 524
rtl , "r, Glucoes Sugar prefl ................... 9S
10O International Paper 224
100 International Paper prefd 654
,?, , r Larlede Gas 74
m n, . "National Biscuit 81
,, , . , National Biscuit prefd So
•«••»• National Lead .;-».. 20
.«.•».. National Lead prefd .................. H\
M ..i_ National Steel 24
tOO XationiU Bteel prefd —.-._^... ...... 84
100 New Tork Air Brake ., 13«
,j r 'i 1 North American 13
„..'.., Paclflo Coast 62
Paclflo Coast 1st prefd £5
— ..._ Pacific Coast M prefd 62
Pacific Mall 3<>4
IPO People's Gas 99
100 Pressed Bteel Car 394
S00 Pressed Bteel Car prefd 73
200 Pullman Palace Car IS3
Standard Rose it Twine ....~- S
10,8S» Burar 122%
Surar prefd n«
L300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70
735 United States Leather 10H'
United Btatea Leather prefd 6S
700 United Btatee Rubber S7
United States Rubber prefd S3
Western Union [&\
t25 Republic Iron & Steel Co 10"4
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd W>4
P C C & St Louis t... 60
$2,400 Shares aol<I.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref Im, when'
issued, reg 108H
Do coupon l'/3V4
r S 2s re* loo'
Do 3s reg VK\i
Do Ss coupon 1091,4
Do new 4s reg....i32H
Do new 4s coup.. 132% I
• Do old 4s reg 11&H
Do old 4s coup.. .1151,1
Do 5s reg- 113
Do 5s coupon U3
Dlit of Col 3.65s.. ..IK
Atchlson gen 4s..>.10im
Do adj 4s £4 i
Canada So 2ds 10SV4
Ches & Ohio 4V>... 99=;
Do 5s uthb :
Chi & N con 7s. ...140 j
Do S F dab 6s... 122 ¦
Chicago term 4s.... !,2H
Colo Bo 4s B2V
D & R G lsts 102
DO 4R S7»ii
Erie ren 4s «H j
F W & D C lsts... 71 i
«en Electric 5s. ...1U j
Iowa Cent lst« 113 \
K C P & G lsu... 704
L & N unl 4s !>Si;i
M K & T Mi. CS
Do 4s 30AJ
NYC lets ....1CS
X J C gen 6s 122
X Pacific 3s _ «H
Do 4s 104H
S T C 4 Et L 4s.. .107*4
N & W con 4s 97?»
Or Nav 1st* ...109
Do 4s 1C2X
Or Short L 6s 125H
Do con la 1124
Riding gtfi 4s.... 87*4
n g w lsu.; 9S'i
st !• 4 1 ii con 5s. 11014
St 1. & 8 F gen 68.121
f=t Paul cons 167>4
St PC &P lsts.. ..117
Do Cs ...11SK
Po Pacific 4s 7««i
So Railway Fs 10S*4
Stand R & T 6s... 714
Tex & Pac lsts 111%
Do 2ds 5(
IT Pacific 4s 106%
Wabash lsts US
Do 2d» 101'i
Weet Shore 4s Ill
Wi« Cent lsts 8714
Va centuries g$\
MINING STOCKS.
ChoUar 12.
Crown Point 15;
Con Cal tc Va 1 43
Deadwood CO I
Gould &. Curry. ?>
Hale & Xorcross.. 20
Homestake 50 00
Iron Silver 50
Mexican 15
Ontario 5 00
Ophlr 70
Plymouth 16 25
Quicksilver 169
Do prefd 7 50
Sierra Nevada-.... 53
Standard 4 10
Union Con 20
Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— \
Call leans r.i.tttV&l
Time loans *$4H
Stocks—
Atch Top &. 8 F.. 25*4
Do prefd -TOVil
Amer 6usar U»a
Do prefd i... 116 i
Bell Tele U3Y*\
Boston & Albany.. 245 I
1 nlon Pacific CO
Union I-HiKl 2
West End ... P n
Westph Eleo ...... 45
Wis Cent ;.. 13
Ifonds—
'Atchlson 4s 89«
IN K O & Coke 6s.. Cl
Mining Shares— -
Adventure ......... 2>4
Steamer Movements.
Silvhr and Exchange about the same.
lllicct a fraction lozcer on the spot.
Parley, Oats and Corn firm. Rye negketed.
Possible large purchases of Hay for export.
Beans and Seeds slow and nominal
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables as usual.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs dull.
Large supplies of Poultry left on hand.
A good many Peaches and Pears carried over to Monday.
Fair demand for Dried Fruit at steady prices.
Hams, Bacon and Lard marked up i-2c per pound.
Wool shozving more activity in the East.
Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Xo change in the Meat market.
Bank clearings sJwzv a gain over last year.
Large shipment of pickled Cherries to Cincinnati.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
London Market.
LONDON, Aug. 4. — Th» stock exchange was
closed to-day: Bar silver, strong at 2SU«1 per
ounce. Money, 8g3^4 per cent
Exports of sroia and silver from this port to
all countries for this week aggregated $l.S31,25o
silver bars' and coins and $16,700 gold.
XEW YORK. Aur. 4. — The Imports of spcol*
this week were $42.S47 gold and $32S,993 silver.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
were valued at $7,649,911.
(Movements of Specie.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the 5150.000.000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $143,662.0$!: gold. $72,097,847. .
Condition of the Treasury.
The receipts of cash and the Increase in loans
swell the deposits and the gain of $6,640,800 In
that Item necessitated an addition to the legal
reserve of at least $1,860,000, ea that the excess
cash reported is only $1,678,900 larger than a
weak atro. The banks are adding rapidly to
their circulation, possibly with a view to ship
ments to the Interior later, and tho expansion
for th« past six days was $1.37^.800, making the
total circulation $2G.645.70O. This Is a grain of
$7.776,SOO slpce March 14, when tho new financial
law took effect, but the total is now less than
424 per cent of capital, as against 100 per cent
allowed by law.
The banks now hold $752,765,500 in specie and
legals, which is within $S.O00.WO or $3,000,000 of
the maximum amount ever held, and at the
rate they are gaining it would not be surprising
to see former records closely paralleled. At the
same time the movements In quotations fore
shadow a possible export of gold and the crop
movement will likely reduce New York totals
very shortly.
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— The New York Finan
cier says: A statement made by the Clearing
house banks for the week ending August 4 is
open to the suspicion that lt does not-reflect
accurately the real condition of the Institutions
at the close of business Saturday. The known
receipts from the Interior and the gains made
by. the banks from the sub-treasury indicated
an expansion of more than $5,000,000 in cash
holdings, but the statement shows an increase
Of $3. 263. ICO.
Associated Banks' Statefnent.
Boston Elevated ..143
Boston & MaJne..lSS
Chi Bur & Q 126»4
Dominion Coal .._ 41
Do prefd 110
Federal Steel 34
Do prefd 66
Fltchburg prefd... 137iii
General Eleo U1H
Do prefd 13S r «i
Ed Elec IU.... > ,...1C5
Mexican Cent .... 12
Mich Tele 85
X E Gas & Coke.. 14%
Old Colony 205
Old Dominion 19
Rubber — .... 36H'
Allouez Mng Co.... 1
Amal Copper S9
Atlantic 25>4
Boston & Mont 309
Butte & Boston.... 64U
Calumet & Hecla..74S
Centennial 17',i
Franklin I3Va
Humboldt 25
Osceola C7 3 i
Parrot .o»... 42
Qulncy 1S4
Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Tamarack 197
Utah Mining 30
Winona -. 3
Wolverines ..'. S3V4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 4.— Wheat dull and
unchanged. Blue stem, 69c; club, BSo, both for
export. _
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 4.— Fifty-fire cents
was the top price openly quoted for Walla
Walla yesterday, and some dealers were in
clined to shade that flsuro in their quotations
even though they might not on an actual tran
saction. Valley Is in less favor than Walla
Walla, but quotations are nominally the same
and blue stem can be worked at &8c and (9c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 4.— Clearings, $345,601;
balances, $69,771.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Aug. 4. — Silver. 2S%d; French
rentes, lOOf 22Hc. Wheat cargoes on passage,
quiet but steady; English country^ markets.
qi LIVERPOOL. Aug. 4.— Wheat In Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, steady; French country
markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 17,000; Monday, 30.
000, estimated; left over. 3000. Active, at Fri
day's average prices. Top, $5 47%; mixed and
butchers'. $5 15®5 45; good to choice heavy, $5 10
©5 45: rough heavy, $4 90©5 05: light. $5 20@
5 47H: bulk of sales, $5 25@5 40. -
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to slow. Good to choice wethers. $4 40®
4 75; fair»to choice mixed. $3 75@4 25: Western
sheep. $4 2504 70; Texas sheep. $3 25@4 35; na
tlva lambs, $4 255J5 75; Western lambs, $5®5 75.
CHICAGO, Aug. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 300.
Nominally steady at 23c to 30c advance during
the week. Natives, good to prime steers, $5 40@
5 90; poor to medium. $4 75&S 35: selected feed
ers, $4ft'4 60; mixed ytockers, $3£3 S5: cows. $3
@4 CO; "heifers, ?3 10@5; canners. $2 2502 8$;
bulls $334 60; calves. $5<3J6 85; Texas fed steers,
J4 40-gS 40: grrassers, $3 So©4 35; bulls. $2 50@3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market
Opening 25 85 27 60
Closing 25 90 27 60
PARIS. *
Wheat— . Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening . f .~ 19 90 2120
Closing .». '. 19 9S 21 60 ¦
Wheat— Sept Dec.
Opening Closed until Aug 7.
Closing Closed until Aug. 7.
LIVERPOOL.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Oeary-st R 5s. — 89
H C & S 5Hs. — —
Do 5s ...%.-...—> 104 -
L.A Ry.Bs.....l05>4105?i
! L A Lt Co- 6s. —
'¦^Do mtd"6s.. — \-r '
L A gntd 5s. .'.100 — '
Flrem's Fund.225 —
Bank Stocks — .':¦•'
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6(t 70
Bank of Cal.~4lO —
Cal S D & T.,104%4 —
' Flrs^t > Xationl.TTS - - —
Lon P &A..7.134H —
STOCK ."AND £ BO>»'D EXCHANGE
SATURDAY, Aug. 4—12 m.
Bid. Ask.
US Bonds-
Is quar coupi.HS'illJ 1 *
Is do>reg.. lUUH"^*
Is do cd new..l.12S133»ii
2s quar coup...l09Ul03?4
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll8V£ —
C C S-Wat* 5S.106H —
Ed 1/ & P 68.127!, —
F & Cl Ry 63.. 115 —
Bid. Ask.
Eqult G L Co. 3!i 3*1
Mutual El Co. 9i 11)*,
O G L & H... 49H 50
Pac Gas Imp.. 51
Pac'L Co.:.... — .45
Bac ElG&PCo. 22*i —
IS F « & E.... 54>,i 34*4
[San Francisco. 5 51s
Stkn G & E Co 10 — '
I Insurance —
¦fr jj,
- There were a number of small sales of Contra
Costa Water on the Bond Exchange, but other
wise all classes of stocks were quiet at about
previous prices. . >
The • July ; report from the Alaska-Treadwell
mine shows 26,681 tons ore crushed In twenty
seven days by 300 stamps, the same yielding
$«,U37 nnd CSS tons sulphurets saved of a value
of $22,06X The gross returns were $72,28S. I The
ore averaged $1 S3 per ton. The expenses for
the month were J26.CO5. The company paid a
quarterly dividend of 37V4c . per share, or $73,
000, on July 28. : ,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 4.
Flour, qr gks.... 6.2SO Shorts, sks 47
Wheat, ctls ...... 2.030 (Sugar, sk s 1,241
Barley, ctls 6»,547|Leather, rolls .... 123
Oats, ctls 3,020 (Wine, gals 27.300
Corn, ctls 490 Ergs, doz 15,360
Cheese, ctls 39 Chicory, bbis 5
Butter, ctls ..*.... , 273 Wool, bags ...... 3
Tallow, ctls 255 Sugar, bbls ...... 237
Beans, ska 650 Hay, tons 453
Potatoes, sks .... 6,073 Straw, tons .... 6
Onions, sks 550IPelts, bdls 122
Bran, sks 60 Hides, Xo. 322
Middlings, sks.... 1,2*0 •
Flour,' qr sks.... 1,K8| Oats,- ctls 570
Grain Bags. 6©6V4c; Wool Bag's, 2SU(g32«4c;
Fleece Twine, 7'ic; Fruit Bags. 6V4igS?ic for
white and SVi@S»ic for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9: Seattle, $7: Bryant, $6;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative
Wallsend. J9: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and (13 25
In tacks: Pennsylvania . Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton in bulk
and $18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
%H 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 60 per ton, according
to brand.
RICE— China mixed, $4 25: No. 1. $4 65®4 85;
extra, $5 06@5 50; Japanese, $4 95@6 50; Louis
iana, $7 25@7 50 per ctl.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.20c: Powdered.
5 SOc; Candy Granulated. S.SOc; Dry Granulated.
6.70c; Confectioners' A. 5. 70c; Magnolia A,
5.80c; Extra C, 6.20c; Golden C, 5.10c; barrels,
10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c
more: 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom-
Inos, half-barrels, 6.45c; boxes. 6.70c per lb.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $j 65
Calcutta
General Merchandise.
Quotations .for all descriptions remain un
changed.
BEEF— 5g6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Larse. 7#Sc; small. 9«r9Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. "HigSc: ewes. 7®7!ic per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8H@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6§6Y t c for small. 5\£5 T ic
for medium and &H@5%c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 5HS5Hc; dressed Hoge. SSSHc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No. 2,
8c; refined. 6Vic; grease, 2@2V4c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 14<315c: Northern, defective. 12@
14c: Middle County, free, 14®16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12©14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', U@12c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', lOfi 12c : Southern Mountain, defective,
? month* 1 , 9ttllc; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16gl7c; Xe\-ada, 13@16c per lb. '
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs', 8O9c per lb.
HOPS — Old, nominal at 6'olOc per lb; new.
10S12C.
¦ Wool Is In better shape In the East, more In
quiry being reported. Othej^vlse there is noth
ing new to report. \
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls' and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9Hc; medium. SHc; lieht. 8Vac; .Cow
hides. SHc; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf; 8c;
Dry Hides, sound. 15c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings. 20330c each; short Wool. 3C<850e each;
medium. 6O@S0c; Ions Wool, 90c@$l 10 each;
Horse Hides. . salt. $2@3 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry, Jl 60 for -large, $1 23 for medium,
$1 for Email and 25<i?50c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins, S5c: fall or medium skins.
Mb; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, - 50c;
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
heavy, lie for light medium. 12'ic for light. 13c
for extra light and Mtjcfor sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13: Family. $14: extra Prim*
Pork. $15; extra clear. $19; Mess. $16 60; Smoked
Beef, 12%©13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at "c per lb for com
pound and 9Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Hc; 10-lb tins, 10c; E-lb tins, lOHc
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, STic: thre«
half-barrets,/ 8?ic; one tierce, SHc; two tierces.
&%c: five tierces, SHc per lb.
A general advance of nas been made In
Hams, Bacon and Lard.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 104c per lb for
HONEY— Comb, 12©12}4c for bright and 11©
HHo for lieht amber; water -Hhlte, 7Ut?<Hc;
light amber extracted. 6ViQ6%c; dark, iVstft'c
per lb. ' ,
BEESWAX-2462ec per lb.
Provisions.
Local dealers report a very fair demand for
all fruits at steady quotations. Choice Apricots
are In demand. Stocks of Prunes ore reduced
to nothing, even petty Jobbing lots being about
cleaned up.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop— Prunes, nomi
nal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples, 3\®4«4c;
sun-dried; 3iQ3Hc per lb.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6@"Hc for Royals and
SViSlOiic for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
i-iiw. sun-dried. 3&3Hc; Peaches, 5c for stand
ard, 6c for choice and 7c for fancy; Pears, b@
7%c: Plums, pitted. 5@6c; unpltted, Igl^c;
Nectarines, 40'5c for red and 5@6c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, he; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8%c; choice, 7Hc; standard, 6»^c;
prime, Be; unbleached Sultanas, oc; Seedless.
60-lb Dox.es, 5c; 2-crown, loosa Muscatels. 5V»c;
S-crown, 6V»c; 4-crown.- 7c: London Layers. 2
crown, $150 per* box; 3-crown. $180. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Debesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts-. S@10c for Standards and 9
©lie for toftshells; new Almonds. ll^@12Vic
ror paper-shell, SHSlO^jc for soft and eijTc for
hardshell; Peanuts, 5Q6Vic for Eastern and
E@6c for California; Brazil Nuts, 11@12W C ; Fil
berts. 12@13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
Dried. Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
Late boats and trains resulted In free stocks
of Peaches and Pears being carried over to
Monday.
Berries were firm at good prices.
Receipts of Figs are slowly Increasing and
several lots were received.
Melons continue to move oft well, but Grapes
are slow..
Lemons are weak and Limes firm and cleaned
up.
The Victoria steamer yesterday took out for
Cincinnati 108 barrels of pickled Royal Anne
Cherries, valued at $3240. This Is getting to ba
quite & business and it consumes a good many
Cherries during the season. They are preserved
for the cocktail trade. Cincinnati Is the center
of the industry as far as California Cherries are
concerned.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
APRICOTS— 30@40c per small box.
APPLES— 25©40c per box for common snd
30c@Sl for good to choice; Crabapples. 2OSJ0C
per small box and iC'yHGc per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25®65c In boxes and $100
20 per ton in bulk.
PLUMS— 2OQ40c per box and crate: In bulk.
$10@15 per ton; Prunes, 25<350c per crate; EgS
Plums. $1O'B15 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 5O@4 per cheat for large
and S3@6 for small berries. ' • .
RASPBERRIES— $7@9 per chest.
BI..ACKBEURIES— J3S5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $ per chest.
CURRANTS— Are about gone.
HUCKLEBERRIES— <®7c per lb.
FIGS— 50o for single and 75c@$l for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White. 35®50c per box: red.
40<550c.-
PEACHES— 25@40c per box and 25340c per
basket:. in carriers. 60375c: in bulk. $15@22 50
per ten for freestone and $20@25 for clings.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau, 40650c per crate;
Muscats, 40@75c per crate; Seedless. 65c@$l per
crate; Sweetwater, 35igOOc; black, W@90c; To
kay. $1.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 60c@$l per case: Canta
loupes. $1©3 per crate; Watermelons, $S@20 per
100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclas. $2*53 60; Lem
ens, $1 5002 EO for common and $3@4 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $7; Bananas,
$1 22@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $1 iCya 50 per
dozen.
10c: Eastern. 13H®14Hc; Western, 10012c per In.
EGGS— Quoted at 14@17V&c for store and 203
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 144fflSe.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
llufus A. and Florence E. Berry to Mrs. Stella
Harvey Wood, lot en S line of Durant avenue
194 W of Ellsworth street. W SO by 3 130. brine
portion lot 3. block 13. Map of Property College
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Henrlette Kuntze to Joseph J. Mason, lot on
S line of University avenue. 200 E of Sherman
(or Grove) street. E Hi by S 137:9. being lot 2.
block A. Twitchell Tract. Brooklyn :¦ $100. •
Juliana Mueller to Wichman, I.ut-en & Co».
lot on N'W corner of Redwood avenue and Tob
ler street. N 31.M by W 120, being lot 18, Map of
Lamp Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
. . Alameda Land Company <a corporation) to
Ezekiel S. Gabbs. lot on VT corner of Cottage
street and Santa Clara avenue, NW 50 by gw
125 beins lots 25 and 26 and SE half . lot 22,
Man of Enclnal Horn* Lots. Alameda: $10.
"j'ohn Hanna to William A. Rrasett!. lot 18.
block H. Map of Latham Terrace, East Oak
land; $10. . „
J H and Evie Potter to James Y. Ecclestcn.
lot on W line of Pine street. 85 N of Seward.
N GO by "W 95, being portion lets 21 and 22.
block 402. Oakland; tl".
Annie E. West to Taft & Pennoyer, lot 19.
block P. Paradise Park *Todd"s portion), Oak-
Laura"c. Wlnchell to George H. Barrett, lot
on SE'corner of Fifteenth and Grov« streets, E
85 by S 50. block 255. Oakland; $10.
A. J. and Sophie. M. Snyder. James- Fy and
Paul C. McCourtney to Alfred I. McCourtney
and Margaret M. Hughes. lot on E line of Mair
nolla street, 210 NW of Fourteenth, N » by E
12*. block ES7. Oakland: $10.
M. and Eliza E. Rinehart to Conrad Weln
mann, lot on XE corner of West and Twenty
second streets. N 50 by E 100, belns let 1. Cur
tis & Wiliams Tract. Oakland; $10.
Conrad and Eva Welnmann to M. Retnhart.
lot on XE corn«r of Hawthorne and Teteirraph
avenues. X 50 by E 13. being: lot 14. Buena
Vista Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Emily E. Barstow to John O. Morris, lot on
XV line of Chestnut street. 105 S of Pacific ave
nue, S 45, W 103, N 40. E 72. N 5, E 36 to begrin
ningr. beinff lot 11 and portion lots 17 to 20,
block 33. on Map of Property owned by Colum
bus Bartlett. Al^neda; $10.
A. \V. and Martha A. Cornelius to S. S. Mor
ton, lot on E line of Park street. 307:8 N of San
Jose avenue. -V IN) by E 126:mi. beir.gr lots C
and D. block 11. Map of Alameda Park Home
stead. Alameda: $10.
Je5tele and "Albert 'E. Milllken to Evelyn A.
Ratcliff. lot on N line of Parker street, 9».«
E of Hillegass avenue. E 60 by X 81.45. beins
portion lot 17, block B. Hlllepass Tract, Map 3,
Berkeley; $10.
Amanda M. Way to Francis M. Way, lot 33.
block G. Revised Map Prospect Hill Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $100.
James C. and Jessie Talbott to Martha J.
Hainps. lot on AV corner of Twenty-second ave—
nue and East Sixteenth street. SW 35 by NW
100, being the NE 35 feet of lots 13 to 16, block
24 San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
Alamcda County.
Alonzo Coffin to Huso K. A?her. lots 8 and
7. block a. Flint Tract Homestead Association;
no.
John T. Scanlon to Johanna Murphy, lot on
NE corner of Romaln and View streets, NW
42:10. NE 95. SE 73:4, SW 72:3. block 14, Market
street Homestead Association; $10.
II. W. Mathews to Mrs. R. Samuels, lot on
W line ot Twenty-eighth avenue. 10f> X of J
street. N 50 by W 120: 110.
San Francisco Savings Union to Max and
Beckle Gross, lot on E line or Arkansas street,
264 S of Twentieth (Napa). S 23 by E 100; HO.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Fran
ces Drathman, lot on S line of W'aahinjrton
street, 61:4 E of Powell. E 23<2. S 137 :«, W 27:«.
N 65, E 4:4. N 63:6: $75<"i0.
Edward Walsh to Marparet I. Walsh (wife of
David), lot on S line of Sacramento street. 132:6
E of Larkin, E 27:6 by S 137 :«; also lot on E
line of Larkin street. 97:5 X of Sacramento. X
40 by E 113:9: g\il.
/Susan and E. L. Lowe to K. N. Nason. lot on
W line of Utah street, W S of Fifteenth (El Do
rado), N 20 by W 100; also lot on E line of Po
trero avenue, 75 N from S line of Fifteenth. N
33:(Wi, PE 7»:5. SE 17:7. E 103. S 12:«. XV 109. S
4, W 100: J10.
George II. Tyson tt> Elizabeth C. Tyson, lot
on N line Lombard street, 87:6 E of Powell, E
25 by N 130; gift.
Margaret Dunton (single) to August* and Ju
liette Badouln. lot on N line of Seventeenth
street, 55 E of Xoe. K 25 by N 91:6; J10.
Sten Kricksen or Erlckson to earae. same; $5.
Peter C. and Sophie M. Blick to Catherine An.
decsen, lot on N line of Twenty-second street.
10OW of Bryant. W S3 by N ICO; $10.
Rosie McCarty (by John Lackrnann, Sheriff)
to H. L. Miller, lot on X l!ne of Twenty-sixth
street. 1J0 E of Diamond. E 20 by N 111: $600.
n'aymond K. and X. D. Amott to Ana M. Ar
nott, lot on N line of Liberty street. 110 W of
Valencia. \V 50 by N 115; J10O.
Eliza E. Cate to II. R. Cate. undivided third
of lot on W line of Lott street, 83:6 N of Ful
ton. N 27 by W 68:9: |10.
William and C. T. Nlcol to Homer S. King,
lot on NB corner of Broadway and Octavla
Mreet. E 45. N 10\ E 67:6, N 23. W 112:«, S 125.
quitclaim deed: $5.
Martin L. Crowell to Esther F. Crowell. lot
on 'W line of Pierce street. 110 S of Golden Gate
avenue, S 27:6 by W 135; gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY. Aug. 4—12 m.
Bid. Ask. ;
Alpha- 11 12
Alta W 07
Andes 11 12
Belcher 21 23
Best & Belcher 21 23
Bullion 03 05
Cal-donta 73 81
Chollar 1« 17
Challenge Con.. 31 32
Confidence 1 05 1 2>»
Con Cal & Va.l 55 1 »«
Con Imperial... 01 trz
Con New York. — 04
Eureka Con — £0
Crown Point.... 19 13
Exchequer .... 02 03
Gould & Curry 23 24
Hale & Norcrs 23 25
Julia - 03
Bid. Ask.
Justice 07 0*
Kentuck P3 03
Lady Wash..... 02 —
Mexican 13 2*
Occidental ..... OS 09
Opl^ir V> 73
Overman 10 li
Fotosl 13 14
Savage 14 13
5 corpion t'2 —
Seg Belcher 03 04
Sierra Nevada.. 26 2T
Silver Hill .... 63 W
St Louis — 14
Standard 4 r. 4 f>
Syndicate 07 —
Union Con .... 24 2S
Utah 10 13
Yellow Jacket.. 33 39
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
l<vv) Alpha Con .... 11
120«> Andes 12
S90 Belcher 2«
300 Belcher 22
J0>> Best & Belcher 22
150 Caledonia SO
600 Challenge Con.. 31
tOO Challenge Con.. 32
3C0 Challenge Con.. 33
TOO Chollar 16
200 Con Cal & Va.l »3
130 C C & Va....l 574
£00 Con Imperial... Q*
E0O Crown Point.... 13
300 Crown Point... IS
700 Gould & Curry 2j
200 Gould & Curry 23
700 Hale & Korcra 25
300 Justice O9
l£00 Kentuck 03
40O Mexican T)
3O> Occidental 07
fwO Ophir 73
100 Ophir 79
:OOOrhlr 71
£00 Overman 11
4r»> Potod » 15
E0O Savage 13
800 Savage 14
4flO Savage 13
1200 Sierra Nevada.. 27
*t» Silver Hill .... «3
30O Silver Hill *4
ino Standard 4 40
300 Union Con .... 24
3100 Upton Con .... 13
1200 Yellow Jacket.. 3*
E00 Yellow Jacket.. 35
300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornin: S^slon.
Moraine
100 Alta t W
500 Challenge 33
I0O Chollar 17
200 Con Imperial... u2
100 Crown Point... IS
200 Mexican 19
W> Ophlr 73
6fi0 Potosl 15
,200 Savage 14
Session.
10) Sierra Nevada. ' 27
Mi> Silver Hill ....' «3
50 Standard 4 33
COO Union Can 23
100 Union Con 14
30O Utah 10
S0<> Yellow Jacket.. J«
100 Yellow Jacket.. S3
The following were the sales In the San Fran.
clsco Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS
iNHSlsrSri '«»
100 Home Oil, b SO ? ">
100 Home Oil .. ? «
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water •* V>
10 Contra Costa Water «« »•*&
10 Contra Costa Water *• 1-Vi
I30C0 Los Angeles Ry as .-106 M
J5000 Los Angeles Ry Ss, b 5 K6 50
60 Makawell 4j Oft
23 Pacific Gas Imp 51 CO
5 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 54 25
10 S V Water, b 15 *> «>
50 S V Water, b 30 »>> °* ,
10 S V Water M StH
L A P R R 5s. — 101%
Markrt-st 6s... — US',
Do 1st M 6s.llS>i —
NCNGRis.- —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — '
Do 5s US —
N P C R R 63.101 —
Do 5s 10*4107
N Cal ny«cs..lllfe — .
Oak G L. & H.Ul —
Oak Tran 6s..m',im
Oak W Co 5s.. — 104
Oceanic S C0..IOGU106
Om C Ry 6s..l2."'i —
P & Cl Ry 63.103Vi — !
P & O R R 6s. 115 —
Powfll-st R 6S.120 —
Pac El G&IUs. 9S%IO1
8 F & SJVOs.llO'4120'i
SRof Cal Cs.ill 1U' T
s p of a 6s...im;nife
B P C 6«(1303). — 111
Do (1908) ....111 112S
Do <l«2j ....119U —
SPRClst Bnt3s. — —
8 P Br 6s....l32*;i33}4
S V Water 6s.U5i a —
Do 4s 102*1 —
Do 3d mtg..l')2 —
Stocktn Gas 6s 93*4 —
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 87 67U
Marin Cciriy. 50 —
Spring Valley. 94H 94%
Gas & Electric—
Cent G & L Co — —
Cent L & P Co — 54
[Merchants' Ex 15 —
Nev Nat Bk... — —
Savings Banks-
Ger S & I-.-.W-'O —
Hum S & L... — —
Mut-Sav Bk.. 4$ —
8 F Sav IT.. ..505 —
Sav & U So... 74 71
B*c Sav Bit.... — —
fnton T Co.... — —
Street Railroads—
•allfornia ....123 —
Geary-st 50 —
Market-st 61 — :
O rf L A H.... — —
Presidio — 22H
Powder Stocks—
California. ....155 1KH
Giant Con Co.. 87 —
Vlgorlt 3'i »H
Stocks —
Hana S P Co. 8 $\i
Haw C & S Co 87 —
Honokaa S Co 31 31'j
Hutch S P Co ir.J^ —
KiUuea S P Co M»; S3
Makawell S Co 44% «5£
Onomra S Co. 2<5'» —
Paauhan S Co. 30f* SI
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.U7«4UT*i
Cal Fruit Assn SS 9S».j
iiler Ex Awn. 97 100
'Oceanic a Co.tS M
Pac a. f A.... J —
Pac C Bor Co.130 —
Par Paint Co... Wn —
market was firm. > Creamery. 15319c; Dairy, 14
©17c. Cheese, dull, 9V6<910tfc Eggs, firm;
fresh, lltto. . . . ._
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
chant«" Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.
August 4, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildlcg was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O.' CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
Si - '¦¦*¦
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office. U. 8. N., Mer-
Time Ball.
Flour —
39
Steamer. 1 From. I Du».
Steamer.
From.
Uroatilla Victoria ™ Au?. S
Cooa Bay Newport .... Au*. S
Mntteawan Tacoma Aug. I
¦Wellington Conurx ¦ «¦«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Ant. S
Santa Crus .... Seattle Aug. 7
Eureka Humboldt An*. T
City of Para.... New York Aug. 7
Corona. San IHego »i i i i i . Adf. 7
Bmpire Cooa Bay Au». 7
State of Cat Portland Au«. •
n.-,ht. Adamson Xanaimo Au*. S
Bonlta Newport ._.. An*, t
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aur. »
Arcata Coos Bay ._ _. Ant. •
Orizaba [Humboldt ...._ Aag. 9
City of Pusbta. I Victoria Xag.r*
Point Ar»na...J Point Arena Aug. M
Santa Rosa ...JFan Dlerr> _.. Mis. It
Gaelic ! China and Japan Anc.1T
North Ftark IHumboIdt Anir. It
Steamer* I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
1 i
bunt a Rosa; San Dlero Avne. 5, 11 am Pl-r 11
North Fork Humboldt An*. 5, 9 am Pier 2
PI. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 6. 3 pm Pier I
Columbia ..JPortland Aug. «, llamlPler 2*
Ortzaba ....(Humboldt Augr. (. 2 pm'Pler t
G. Dollar.. (Grays Harbor Aug. 7. 12 mf. .......
Coos Bay.. Newport Aug. 7, 9 am Pli>rll
Curacao ... Mexico Ao;. 7, lOamlPler 11
J. Klmball. Cape Nom«... Aq*. 7. 3 pm Pier 3
Eureka Humboldt Aug. i. 10 ami Pier 13
San Bias... New York An«. ». 12m',PMS3
Alim-Ja .. Australia Aag. i. H am Pier 7
Corona San Diego Aus. 9. II amlPler 11
Umatllla ..IVIctorla Aug. !>. 11 ara'Pler »
Ponlta SNewport Aug. 11. SamiPlerll
Arcata iCooa Bay An*. U. IS m|Pl«r 13
Cltj- Peking Chtnt&Japan Aag. 11. 1 pxnIPMSS
San Juan..|Cen. America. Aug. 11. I pm|PMSS
State of CallPortland jAujr. 11. 11 am|Pler :i
Steamer* I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
1 i
bunt a Rosa; San Dlero Avne. 5, 11 am Pl-r 11
North Fork Humboldt An*. 5, 9 am Pier 2
PI. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 6. 3 pm Pier I
Columbia ..JPortland Aug. «, llamlPler 2*
Ortzaba ....(Humboldt Augr. (. 2 pm'Pler t
G. Dollar.. (Grays Harbor Aug. 7. 12 mf. .......
Coos Bay.. Newport Aug. 7, 9 am Pli>rll
Curacao ... Mexico Ao;. 7, lOamlPler 11
J. Klmball. Cape Nom«... Aq*. 7. 3 pm Pier 3
Eureka Humboldt Aug. i. 10 ami Pier 13
San Bias... New York An«. ». 12m',PMS3
Alim-Ja .. Australia Aag. i. H am Pier 7
Corona San Diego Aus. 9. II amlPler 11
Umatllla ..IVIctorla Aug. !>. 11 ara'Pler »
Ponlta SNewport Aug. 11. SamiPlerll
Arcata iCooa Bay An*. U. IS m|Pl«r 13
Cltj- Peking Chtnt&Japan Aag. 11. 1 pxnIPMSS
San Juan..|Cen. America. Aug. 11. I pm|PMSS
State of CallPortland jAujr. 11. 11 am|Pler :i
Steamer. 1 From. I Du».
Steamer.
From.
Uroatilla Victoria ™ Au?. S
Cooa Bay Newport .... Au*. S
Mntteawan Tacoma Aug. I
¦Wellington Conurx ¦ «¦«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Ant. S
Santa Crus .... Seattle Aug. 7
Eureka Humboldt An*. T
City of Para.... New York Aug. 7
Corona. San IHego »i i i i i . Adf. 7
Bmpire Cooa Bay Au». 7
State of Cat Portland Au«. •
n.-,ht. Adamson Xanaimo Au*. S
Bonlta Newport ._.. An*, t
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aur. »
Arcata Coos Bay ._ _. Ant. •
Orizaba [Humboldt ...._ Aag. 9
City of Pusbta. I Victoria Xag.r*
Point Ar»na...J Point Arena Aug. M
Santa Rosa ...JFan Dlerr> _.. Mis. It
Gaelic ! China and Japan Anc.1T
North Ftark IHumboIdt Anir. It
AUCTION SALES
SEVENTY HEAD DRAFT, CARRIAGE
AND SADDLE HORSES
JUST ARRIVKD.
OCCIDENTAL! HORSB EXCHANQEL
721 HOWARD ST.
Times and Beichts ot HUH and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority of the Superintendent.
NOT£— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
SUNDAY. AUGUST S.
Sun rises 3:13
Sun sets « 7:11
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
C jTlmel ITUne! mine] Time)
P, Ft. f Ft. f iFt. [Ft.
7 |L W| |H W| It, W! ( H W|
. ... «:5«' O.S »:0S 3.5 ll:50| 1.2 t:15 5.J
» ... 1:4* 0.4 9:05 3.9 1:02 3.2 7:10 5.4
7 ... 2:33 «0.0 9.S1 4.2 2:05 3.1 8:09 5.S
S ... 8:20— O.S 19:JS 4.4 8:02 J.9 8:04 5.7
9 ... 4:02—0.4 11:08 4.7 3:54 I.« 9:59 S.I
10 ... 4:42 — *.S 11:44 5.0 4:44! 2.2 10:53 5.»
11 ... 8:231—0.21 12:13 6.2 5:35! 1.8] 11:461 >.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day *it the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last cr right hand column glvee the
last tide of the day. except when there ars but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by t*be charts. The plane ot
reference Is the mean of the lower loir waters.UKw STEAMER JOHN S. EIMBAXX ATTD THE IiI'l'l'LE
MAID WHO CHRISTENED HEB.
o
i5
;Wild Story of Disappearance- of the
Rifleman in the Mendocino
Mountains.
', The many friends of Frank E.^Mason,
chief engineer of the Sutter-street ¦ Rail
way :, Company " and ;one of "the*, best rifle
shots In the West; ; will be pleaaed-to' learn
that; he' has 'not met with any serious ac
cident in the mountains near.'Eel River, as
reported In a morning paper. The story
was- that -he; was \ lost and- could -not be
found j by his 'companions, Smith ' Carr. G.'
B. '-i Barber and' W.' H." Burkh'older. whilq
on a hunting trip, near Hearst, Mendocino
County. .LThe • four : reached -J camp' on
Thursday and late ln the afternoon started
out for a hunt in the hills. -Mason "failed
to return ; for supper and » his companions
w . ent '".search of him. but could' not find
him. The next ' day Mason - returned • ta
F. E MASON ' BROUGHT ?
MEAT INTO THECAMR
mine development ln<Amador, Calaveras
and Tuolumne counties.
Baker & Jewett have purchased the
Black Bluffs mine in the Fools' Paradise
mining district, Siskiyou County, ten
miles north of Yreka. . They are also the
owners of the Cherry Hill' mine. The
dredger in Yreka Creek is taking gravel
from bedrock thirty feet below the- sur
face. Large bowlders are broken with
giant powder. ;> . , . ;.: .-", ; - ¦. ? •¦
The Crystalline mine, near Jamestown/
Tuolumne County, will, have a new double
compound vertical shaft. The Tarantula
mine has closed down and the men have
been discharged under orders from Lon
don. The Lady, "Washington -mine, near
Carters, is being, stripped of its machin
ery. The Bonlta mine, north of Provi
dence, owned by Charles Fair, will be op-
camp, carrying a fine deer.
In the meantime the story that he was
missing reached this city and caused
great anxiety among- his friends and rela
tives. Yesterday Mason sent word to the
officials at the Sutter-street engine house
that he was all right and the party was
having a good time. It seems that he
»„,? r,TS^ her f^ om C{ "m> than he Intended.
nS? tn g ™« mlnK O P suddenly he decided
n?n ihffSF V? u ,? d in the darknesa and
h» At 6 /, 1 ,*, 0 ' falls and brushes. Instead
of vf»vi! Q & etly .« a ? d walte^ for the return
flL, ?i ?bt . a^? or the appearance of the
hi^rifl whlch he brought down with
. "s. . . ....*"'"¦.
The total value of gold,, silver and cop- !
P£ r .J2 r ., o « M£ ed In Colorado last year was
8I'S2'2£ SK8 Of , thla * old -amounted to
526,508,675 67; silver, -at coinage value,'
S 3 i2?,'H 1 li O ill I i? ad ' < *6,170,765 53;. copper
$1,869,169 7S. The rank of leading coun
ties, by totaKvalues produced, was 'as fol
«7Xi feller, $16,107,646 61; of which $16,
058,504 34" watfhg gold; .Lake; $9,814,141 57. :
of which $2,196,497 55 was in gold. $4,307 -
™* |? In ' silver, $2,172,362 78 ¦ in lead and
IHIf'Slf M ~ ln copper; . pitkin . County,
$3,671,388; > Ouray County, $3,484,314. Four
other, counties 'exceeded $2.000.000 • each •
These are SanUuan; San Miguel. Mineral
and Gllpin. ...
.The following news comes from Ama
dor: County:, Anewsteam.holst has been
placed in the South Eureka.' The On'elda
60-stamp mill- is nearly finished. Ten new
stamps, operated. by electric power," are
falling at the Central Eureka. «;• - '^ ¦
Thirty men! are. working on th'eMelones
dam at Horseshoe Bend on the Stanislaus
in Calaveras County. -The water supply,
for the Utica Company's mine is rapidly;
failing, the snow having disappeared from
the higher mountains. :
A 20-stamp mill will be erected by the
Ballarat Gold-Mining: Company,/ in v lnyo
County.; The company > was. recently- in
corporated at Salt Lake. C. M. Freed is
the . president.'-*: ¦:¦' • ' ;¦ • -
Work on a ditch from the Middle Fork
of the North Tuba to Downievtlle. Sierra
County, to supply mining companies, has
begun. a ; .
erated. E. Fitzgrerald has been appointed
foreman of the Clio mine.. The Willette
mine will Boon operate. : ¦• ¦•-,¦¦ " ;
The officers of the John S. Klmball are
Captain M. Thwing, Chief Officer J. Mac-
Jntyre. Chief Engineer H. Macintosh and
Chief Steward J. G. Pennfleld. All of the
officers have b^c-n for years in the employ
of the Kimbail Steamship Company except
Mr. Pennneld. This gentleman has been
lor years one of the most valued stewards
The John S. Klmball was named after
the founder of the Klmball Steamship
Company. A month or ?o ago, however,
Mr. Klmball retired from the manage
ment of the concern and J. Marsden is
now president of the company, Robert J
Tyson vice president. John H. Bullock
general manager and treasurer and A J
Urander .- ecretar>-. The intention is' to
eend the John S. Kimbail to Nome on the
<th inst. and then on her return from
Alaska to put her In the Honolulu trade
No expense has been spared in making
the John S. Kimbal! a model steamer
Kverytnine tending to add to the com
fort of the passengers has been put
aboard. All the bathrooms and the ladies'
dressing rooms are tiled and fitted with
every convenience. All the staterooms
are fitted with patent bunks and in some
of the larger rooms there are settees
which can be raised and made into three
bunks in a few moments. Ten of the
staterooms can be charged into bridal
chambers in a short space of time and
fcvery one of them has been taken for the
run to Nome and back again. The
ft earner Is fitted throughout with electric
ity and has two Kearchlig-hts.
There was a pretty ceremonv Just as
the steamer barked out from the dock
IJttle Halcyon Maxwell Bullock was to
have christened the vessel when she was
launched, but owing to a mishap the cere
mony did not take place. Yesterday as
the vessel gathered way a bottle of cham
pagne was lowered over the port bow and
HaJcyon christened the good ship in the
orthodox manner.
The new steamer John S. Klmball had
her trial trip on the bay yesterday. She
proved herself to be as fast and comfort
e.b!e a vessel as has ever been turned out
of a shipyard on tile coast, and her own
ers are more than satisfied with her
New Steamer John S. Kim
ball Has Very Success
ful Trial Trip.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The battleship Iowa will be open to the
general public this afternoon commencing
at 1 o'clock.
The repairs to the steamer Tellus are
to be made by the Rlsdon Iron Works.
There was some very close bidding for
the job. but the Risdon got the plum. The
Tellus will be laid up for thirty days and
her repairs will cost In the neighborhood
of $20,003.
Miss Howe. Mrs. C. D. Hazzard, William
Kincald, Miss A. D. Klncald, Mrs. J. K.
Brown, Miss M. Edwards, W. R. Clark.
Mrs. w. R. Clark. Mrs. R. A. Crlppen. A.
B. Turner. Laura Turner, Ruth Turner,
Mrs. A. B. Turner, J. L. Upham, Miss
Clara Lowrle, A. N. Hlnes, Miss May Sal
lander, Miss L. C. Pond, W. A. Rowen,
R. Rowen, Spencer Rowen, Mrs. Captain
Filler. \V. G. Goodman. C. A. Holt. Miss
X. Kay, Miss Patton, Mrs. E. J. Cotton,
Miss B. Walker, Dr. A. Ackerman, George
W. Macfarlane. Miss Ellen Butler, C. Wol
ters. B. M. Thomas. F. H. Driscoll, Mrs.
Grace, Mrs. Fischer, Captain Matson, J.
McChesney. H. D. Govc, Mrs. A. B. In
g-alls, N. Lansing-, A. Heunisch, Miss
Hilda Berger, Mrs. C. O. Berger, R,
Brown, B. Turner, Miss M. Berger, B.
Wolfsklll and wife. Mips O. Berger, Miss
Lizzie Ahlborn, Lewis Ahlborn, E. Ed and
Mrs. L. Ahlborn, L. T. Ware. C. H. Wil
cox. Miss E. Barnes, Mrs. G. K. Wilder,
F M Be-chtel. R H. Bent, wife and two
children. A, Flegeltank, Rev. E. Fulker
son. J. W. Gibberson. W. G. Hannum. U.
S. N., Mrs. Wilkerson. Mr^. von Mosson,
J. H. Merriam, U. S. N\, Mrs. M. A. Me-
Ginnls. Mrs. J. I. McGinnls. J. I. Mc-
Ginnis; Sin Ta Moo. Korean Charge d'Af
faires; Prince Eui Wha, Leong- Sho Tong,
R. E. Scott. Dr. G. 8. Smith. T. Stern,
Mrs. T. Stern. William Theodor and wife.
W. A. Wilson, Mrs. A. Bishop and George
Ahlborn.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
Pteamer Rainier arrived from St. Michael
yesterday with sixteen passengers and
half a million In gold dust. It was con
tained In ten large boxes and all came
from the Yukon. At St. Michael all ,the
vessels from Nome were being quaran
tined on account of smallpox. The steam
er Dora, with Louis SIoss Jr., M. L*.
Washburn and Max Hellbronner aboard,
was held up for ten days and a dozen
sailing vessels met the same fate. Among
those who came home on the Rainier
were: C. W. Miller, Bishop Tikon of the
Graeco-Russlan- church and Mr. and Mrs.
B. Jeffrey. The latter gentleman says
that the whole of the Alaskan gold fields
are overdone and the sooner the weedlng
out process begins the better it will be
for all concerned.
The Pacific Mall Company's City of Pe
king arrived from the Orient via Honolulu
early yesterday morning-, but it was near
ly o p. m. before the cabin passengers got
ashore. The vessel was quarantined and
it will be some time to-day before she is
released. There were twenty-two cabin
passengers from China and Japan and
nfty-nine from Honolulu, while there
were 2S1 Chinese and Japanese In the
steerage. All of the steerage passengers
are still In quarantine at Angel Island.
The caliin passengers ¦were:
Mail Steamer Peking Arrives.
In the employ of the Pacific Coast Steam,
snip Company.
: A legal battle of more than common In
terest to miners is In preparation. Wil
liam Nicholls of Dutch Flat Is the person
directly in Interest, but others are con
cerned in the outcome. Mr. Xicbolls
erected a dam at .a cost of $10,000 to ena
ble him to operate the Polar Star hy
draulic claim and. . has been operating
three seasons. Recently the Superior
; Court in Sutter County enjoined the ope
ration of the claim and the mine is idle.
Mr. Nicholls has engaged two lawyers
to fight the matter in court. W. H. Car-
Hn of Marysvllle and P. F. Tuttle of Au
burn. The dam was erected with the con
sent and approval of the Debris Commis
sion. The validity of . the Caminetti act
may be tested. There is some excitement
among the hydraulic miners. . The Auburn
Herald indicates some heat, for it says:
"There Is no doubt that this injunction
ag-ainst the Polar Star was instigated by
a gang of anti-debris pirates who are out
of a Job, owing to the successful opera
tion of hydraulic claims unddr the pro
visions of the Caminetti act." etc.
Three hydraulic mines have been en
Joined by the Superior Court in Suttei
County during the past year. When tht
nrst case was begun the Debris Commis
sion requested the United States Attorney
Oreneral to instruct concerning: its course.
The answer was returned that as no
; question appeared to be raised concerning
; the validity of the permit Issued by the
commission. It was not expedient for the
commission or for any department of the
Government to intervene in the suit. The
commission has, therefore, taken no ac
iiS 1 ,,,* 11 nce . the commission was organ
ized 4,4 applications to mine have been re-
V Sr« and 367 Permits have been Issued.
At different times thirty-seven permits
have been temporarily suspended, gen-
Sffi °» n account of neglect to comply
with instructions concerning the impound
ing works or on account of accidents to
the works. The permits revoked No. 145
£!? S S because the mines have been
?wnpSwn l °, r r , aband °ned or have changed
hvrtl,., n & The total am ount mined by
hydraulicking last year, according to the
estimate of the commission, is 1.5W.000 cu-
D1C J cLTOS*
nPn^ at J^VS, 8 * of tes tmg a mine? The
Denver (Colo.) Republican gives some fig
ures concerning the matter. Two years
™?$ 0 and the treaU
ii <Ave , ra Pe engineers." says the Repub
lif an '.^- exp S ct to receive as fees not less
man J2o a day and expenses. This is not
extravagant, as few eVen at that flgSre
K™ n Tt. tha V m ordl nary professional
income during the year, while many are
fortunate if they net the average wage of
?» J? o t okkee P<?r. Ensrineers of established
reputation make much higher charges
There are several engineers in this State
who will not look at a mine for less than
$1000. and many instances can be cited in
which the engineer's fee. exclusive of ex
penses, was as high as $3000. This class of
expert engineer, as a rule, declines to ex
amine anything but developed mines or
make general reports covering large areas
pf mineral territory, which include geo
logical and topographical features, water
supply, engineering possibilities and mat
ters of that kind, which require excep
tional skill and experience. On the other
hand, there are in this city not fewer
than 100 good engineers who will make
examinations of small mines and pros
pects for $100 to $500 and expenses, de
pendent upon the distance from Denver
and other factors mentioned. Large min
ing syndicates usually employ their engi
neers by the year and pay large salaries.
Several Denver men receive $10,000 a year
with the privilege of making outside ex
aminations, and one Colorado man in the
employ of a London syndicate receives an
annual income of about $50,000 as consult
ing engineer for several companies."
A man at Los Angeles has invented an
"electro-geodetic mineral finder." The in
terest attached to this invention is Mr.
Brown's claim that by its use he can lo
cate gold and other metals.
"The instrument," he says, "is a modi
fication of the common form of the
Wheatstone bridge, the modifications ren
dering it capable, of overcoming the Inac
curacies of measurements heretofore
caused by earth currents and abnormal
resistances set up by electrolysis when
battery currents are sent Into the earth
from a metallic electrode."
What else Mr. Brown claims is Indicated
by the following, which will interest min
ing prospectors: "To tell the depth of the
ore body from the surface it is only neces
sary to vary the length of earth measure
ments, as, for example: If a body of ore
was 100 feet beneath the surface 100-foot
measurements over thl3 ore would not In
dicate its presence, for the reason that
the current would have to go down 100
feet to the ore, pass laterally through It
and up through another 100 feet of earth
resistance, thus passing through two ver
tical earth resistances of 100 feet each,
aggregating 200 feet of earth resistance as
against only 100 feet on the surface, in
which case the path of least resistance
would be near the surface. In order to
indicate the presence of this ore body, 100
feet beneath the surface it would be only
necessary to take surveys of a little over
twice the depth, say 220 feet. In this con
dition the two vertical resistances of the
earth, aggregating 200. feet, would be less
than the surface resistance of 220 feet,
and the current, seeking the path of least
resistance, would go down to the ore
pass literally through it and go vertically
up to the other rod; and to locate it it
would be only necessary to take several
parallel or radical measurements of the
same definite length. A measurement tak
en over the ore vein or body would be
low. The other measurements taken of
the same definite length, for comparison,
being removed from and not over the ore
body, would be higher, and It is only nec
essary to shorten up the length of earth
measured to arrive at a point where the
current will leave the ore body and pass
through the crust to approximate the
depth. The variations of the instrument,
being very marked, will show the depth."
The exodus of miners for Cape Nome
has seriously interfered with the work of
Legal Joust Impending With
Important Issues in
. # ¦
Attorneys Engaged to Bring Polar
Star Hydraulic Case to Trial—Ex
odus of DCiners Is Ham
pering Work.
CAMINETTI ACT
MAY BE TESTED
IN THE COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 5, 1900.
40
raigDMAITS ANNOtTNCEMENTS^
Weekly Gall Si: o 0 dbt Year
Travelers from every portion of th«
£mr e o4 ° W P," r *PO««=J*«on or th"
comforts and luxuries to b* obtained
In these hotels by making them Ujetr
F^Sco. 6 " * hea V1Slttas
Connected by a covered paasazewu
and operated under on. maWe^
n -»JB«rlcaa and European
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Free Delivery. Oakland. 'AUnwJ*. 'Vrfceiev
(Incorporated) "1 . ¦ ¦
233 • 237 Post St. . - Opes Evenings
H. FRIEDiMAN & CO.
Tapestry. Rugs— Rugs that will
give you service. Variety enough
from which to find the one that
"just suits." From -i to \\£ yards
fringed ends, 1 50 cents.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
• SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
w W* prepay delivery
9 shoes enumerated In Jf >^ trn TliJ***! " C* '
a catalogue to any part **S/sJasi — a^/\4 /S7 r ou. I Iliru OL. 9
S™ of the Uolted State*. 4/J(&*jWJW+l~-\ Second Sboe StoroV
CATALOGUE READY U Vj^ V f roxr > Market.
« . ., . .l AL rT UE ""°T- '¦-: ,i ; ,.;.^ lii ' .. .. : ; sam francisco. ;?
Always £t|3
The largest productlop of shoes In the world. Mar-
velous facilities for roarjufacturiog. Perfect organiza-
tion and producing only one quality— BEST— thereby
enabling the -makers to operate their plant at a mini-
mun). That's why you can have the best at the price.
The Best Shoe for Women.
Chaste Colonial, Modern Flem-
ish, Luxurious French. Mother of
pearl and rare wood inlaying Par-
lor Tables up to $50.
A visit from you is worth more
to us than any advertisement.
Drapery Department— A pretty Man-
tle Drape will do a lot to brighten
up a room. We 've some new de-
signs in Tapestrys from $1.25 up.
VLJ ¦
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
350 TaUor-Made Suits on Sale
$4,$5, $6.50,i7.50, $8.50, $10
THE LOWEST PRICES EVER QUOTED.
LESS THAN HALF OF FORMER PRICES.
$5.OO.
100 TAN KERSEY JACKETS, early' Fall Style, superior finish, perfect
fitting, real value $7.50,
Speciahat $5.OO.
ify^fc
100 ALL-WOOL TRAMPING SKIRTS, 10 rows of stitching regular
price 95°o»
On Sale at $3.OO.
75 GOLF CAPES, new Fall Styles, handsome combination, well worth
On Sale ett $5.OO.
MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S GOLF CAPES at
3:2, $2.5O, 33 and $4.
Exceptionally jjood values.
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S LONG AND SHORT COATS in ''i™
varietj', at popular prices. ' iar »<e
FALL, 19OO-I9O1.
We are showing advanced styles TAILOR-MADE SUITS, JACKETS, CAPES and
SKIRTS— Elegant and Exclusive Styles.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Sit is the greatest sale in the history of the Hales—with all that implies. f
its success is gauged solely by volume of business — the rapidity with %
which goods go out* . £
[profits no longer figure, for it is the fixed purpose to dispose of all goods f
| now in the old store from the old store* - ¦ ;> B
the intent is to increase the prestige of the Hales and do proper honor to |
* the new store—the finest dry goods house upon the Pacific Coast. |
£ it is in pursuance of the Hale policy of strictly new goods for the new store* %
|£ it follows that Hale's "good goods "— that dean, up-to-date stock — is to m
h» it results in the purchasing power of your dollar being increased 25 to Wi
now is the time to buy, while stocks are at their best* By
" THE CREDIT HO USE'*
Six Stories High
:; Parlor, Library- Cottage or «
Card' Table— answer ancl serve
for all. : Solid " Golden Oak ; nica-
' ly 'flhished and made for use.
24 x 24; in. , top & handy shelf
-that adds to its looks $1.00