Fantai of Shantung Issues a De
cree Which He Declares Is
Authorized by the Imperial
Government.
Special Cable to Tlie Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 190O, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
All furniture of churches and Christians la
to bo confiscated and proclamations are to b*
issued exhorting the people to abstain from
robbing Christiana who renounce their U**^
Therefore we exhort you. according to the In
structions of our Government, and authorize
all magistrates to compel native C*rlstians to
return to their former rcligrZch and maka them
give security that they will not again enter a
Christian church.
What, therefore, can be considered a jocd
method to stop trouble? To stop the pot boll Ins
over the fuel mvst be pulled out from below,
but tSe native Christians are part of our peo
ple and since they have been deceived by tha
foreigners they have lost the right road. If
they could be brought back to the right path
way they would be our loyal people again. In
this way mutual hatred wculil cease and tran
cruillity be restored.
The calamity has its siurce with the native
Christiana, who have clothed themselves with
the power of foreigners. Relying on this power
native Christians have insulted the people to
such an extent as to engender the greatest
hatred and the ooc.ifion has been taken ad
vantage of by lawless men to carry out evil
dfsigns, such as burning and robbing.
>^HEFU. July 13. via Shanghai, July
nTy IS.— The Far.tal of Shantung.
*^ the highest legal official of
the province and next In rank
to the governor, has issued .to his
subordinates, the magistrates of the prov
ince, the following anti-Christian letter.
It purports to be addressed to and record
a conversation between the government
and the Fantai, but that is possibly a sub
terfuge to Impose. upon the magistrates.
The Fantai is notoriously anti-Christian
and his letter cannot fall to have evil con
sequences. It is as follows:
According to your remarks to me, . when
speaking or. the subject of the Boxers, who ds
clare themselves th» enemies of all Christians
from the time of the settlement of the Plng
yuan affairs and the Brooks murder, they have
Increased lik» aswarm oMjees nnd"their power
has irrown day by day. | The provinces si
Chang Fu and Chi Li are filled with them.
Beginninp at Peking and Tientsin they have
burned churches, murdered Christians and per
secuted other people. On \ this account soldiers
were dispatched, but trouble Increased • so that
It seems endless.
guns at Tientsin, the Standard learns that
eight Russian military instructors, forci
bly detained by the Chinese, were compell
ed to work the gxins. One escaped and
reached the Russian lines with his hands
bound/ ¦ '*.•'
A : special correspondent of the Daily
Express at Tientsin contrasts the "splen
did" work and perfect equipment" of the
Japanese .with the "Inadequate supplies
of , the British, German and American con
tingents, which are terribly lacking In the
most obvious "necessaries."
EOME, July 18.— Pope Leo
hag addressed a letter to the
Vicar General, in the course of
which he says, the sorrowful
events in China, besides filling
his ' soul with sadness on ac
count of the spilling of so
much Christian blood, inspires
him with the deepest fear as •
to the . situation of the Apos
tolic Vicar3 and the dangers
to which Christians and mis
sionaries are exposed in s;ri- j
ous trials, as well as sacrifice
of lives. His Holiness there
fore asks that all communi
cants pray, that God inspire
thoughts of concord and peace
and that he will end destruc
tion and massacre. - . i.
POPE LEO ASKS FOR
PRAYERS FOR THOSE
WHO ARE IN PERIL
(From a group Photograph taken^at Cavite. P. I., just before sailing for China.
POWERS ALREADY
ARE QUARRELING
Grave Dissensions Arise and
There Are Prospects of Dis
putes That May Disrupt the
Present Concert.
m ONDOX, July 19, 4 a. m.— While evl
_jf7 dence accumulates dally that China
*"^V has long been preparing a formid
able military organization in antic
ipation of the present conflict and that the
area of the rebellion is continuously ex
tending, harmony among the allies, which
Is necessary to meet such a grave situa
tion, Is still deplorably lacking. The Rus
sians have refused Admiral Seymour's re
quest to hand over the restored Taku-
Tientsin Railway, to the English com
pany, and it is rumored that. Germany
purposes .taking a -Ferlous^ Independent
step — namely, to "patrol 'the Yang-tse-
Kiang with men-of-war. Such a step
would be greatly resented by England
Still more alarming news has been con
veyed to the Daily , Express from Tokio,'
to the effect that the apparent reluctance
of Germany- and Russia to consent to a
Japanese commander for the army corps
has led the Japanese Government to de
lay the forwarding of the division already
mobilized. The Standard, in an alarmist
editorial, says: ¦ . " .
"It is useless any ; longer to hide from
ourselves the fact'that China has declared
war on* civilization .and has plunged Into
th©p conflict with' rabid frenzy. It is
equally futile to discuss whether hostil
ities arc being waged by the Chinese Gov
ernment, inasmuch as it is evident that
an administration of seme kind exists and
is directing the- anti-foreign movement.
Unless unmistakable evidence exculpating
the Peking Government is promptly forth
coming the powers should treat China as
a belligerent state and act accordingly."
A similar line of comment is taken by
the other morning • papers. ¦ All applaud
the course of Count von Bulow, the Ger
man Foreign Secretary, in stopping cipher
telegrams from, the Chinese legation in
Berlin and , all urge the other* powers to
follow Germany's example.'
The Russian greneral staff deny the re
port that the Chinese have captured Blag
ovctchensk, capital of the province oft
Amur, and It Is rumored from .Irkutsk
that the Russians have taken 4 Algun. ~
Thousands of Chinese, Slain;
A Tientsin correspondent ¦ asserts that
thousands of Chinese 'were killed and that
fighting was still going 'oh, when his dis
patch, was sent, -in various parts of Tien
tsin. • . '
With' reference to the rumors that Eu
ropeans were seen working* the Chinese
ST. PETERSBURG, July 18.— Reports have been re
ceived by the Russian general staff from the Amoor district show
ing that the Chinese have made serious preparations there and
are now concentrated on the railway line from Aigun to Sakha
lin. They are well supplied with artillery and have large quan
tities of munitions. The Russian general, Gribovsky, after recon
noitering the district, returned to Blagovetchensk, the capital of
the province of Amoor, on Monday.
Other official reports confirm the serious news of the stop
page of work on the Manchurian railway, owing to Chinese at
tacks, especially at Charbin, where an attack by. four hundred
Chinese was repulsed on July 9. Charbin is in a critical state,
being cut of! from the west, south and north. Russian troops
have been sent from different points to protect the railway. The
Chinese, however, are still working on the eastern section of the
line, which gives hope that energetic measures may succeed in
restoring order.
In the opinion of the 'staff officers, the chief command of*
the allied forces at Tientsin will eventually fall to Duke Aliexoff
in addition to the Japanese commander in chief.
CHINESE ATTACKS ALONG
THE MANCHURIAN RAILWAY
R. DU .-?I°" OM ROW ™ OM LEFT SMBD^Y. D. BUTLER. SSSt^SK^^S Si^ti^ S^V CHAKt.ES O. I^TE.VANT K.
Captain A. K. Davis has been reported killed and Captains Smedley D. Butler, Henry Leonard and Charles G. Lon S as wounded.
OFFICERS OF THE UNITED STATES MARINES ENGAGED AT. TIENTSIN.
Saturday (via Chefu, July i/).-*— The Russians
made up the right wing- of the international column in the
advance on the native town of Tientsin on Friday. As they
moved steadily over the open plain toward the entrance of the
city the Chinese shelled steadily from the walls. The Russians
lost 300 killed and wounded.
During the night the Japanese, Americans and some Eng
lish troops attacked the city on the left wing. The Japanese
shelled the walls, and, making a breach, gallantly entered first of
of all the international troops. The Americans occupied the
most dangerous position and were forced to advance over abso
lutely unprotected ground. The Ninth Infantry and a handful
of marines lost many killed and wounded. Colonel Liscum was
killed while leading his men. The Welsh Fusiliers and the Wei-
Hai-Wei regiment came up on the American right. The Chi
nese defended the walls bravely, but fled once a breach was
made. The city was occupied by the international troops, who
found dead Chinese lying about the streets in hundreds. To
night the city is in flames.
Though the taking of the city will have the effect of discour
aging the Boxers, the total loss to the foreigners is thought to
be 1 200 dead and wounded.
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by New York
Herald Company. Bepublication of this dispatch is prohibited. All
rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
BY JOHN F*. BASS.
Hundreds of Chinese Dead Found
in the Streets When the Allies
Entered the Town.
TIENTSIN GIVEN
OVER TO FLAMES
TIENTSIN, Friday, July 13, via Chefu, July 16 and Shanghai, July 16. — A messenger has ar
rived here who left Peking on July 1. The foreigners at that time were all in the British
legation. Chinese troops were beginning to bombard the legations from the streets. The
legations had been under fire for a week previously and in that time four foreigners had
been killed and thirteen wounded* The marines had unsuccessfully attempted to capture a
gun on a wall commanding the legations. The foreigners were supplied with an abundance
of provisions. V
Messenger Who Left Peking on Th^t Date Reports That Four Foreigners
Had Been Killed and Thirteen Wounded by the Chinese Mob
Up to the Time of His Departure.
BOMBARDMENT OF THE LEGATIONS
BEGAN ON THE FIRST OF JULY
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 49.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CONSUL GENERAL GOODNOW
CABLES FOR A WARSHIP
WASHINGTON, July 18.— Consul General Goodnow, at
Shanghai, has cabled for a warship. His suggestion was merely
precautionary, and after considering it, the Navy Department
Vk s withheld action, in view of the fact that the Castine is already
at that port and foreign ships are on the way." ' ™ " ¦
ORDERS WAR ON
ALL CHRISTIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Special Cable to The Call and New Yo^k Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU, July r 1 7. — The' railway north of Newchang has
been destroyed and bridges burned. The Russians are concen
trating at Newchang, where a fort has been built. It is ru
mored that the Russians are marching from northern* ports
Igfc-'ard Moukden. •¦ .
RUSSIANS ARE MARCHING
DOWN FROM THE NORTH
1A HTOG CHANG. THE WTL.T OLD VICEROY. NOW EN ROUTE FROM
CANTON TO PEKING. FROM WHOM MUCH IS EXPECTED IN THE
WAY OF SETTLING THE PRESENT TROUBLES.
The larger picture above is a reproduction of a photograph taken at
Tientsin. Li's home and official residence, when he was Viceroy of the prov
ince of Pechili. and given by him to Mr. E. T. Sheppard of this city, then
United States Consul at Tientsin, who knew him intimately and had much
intercourse with him both of a social and diplomatic nature. The Celestial
magnate is here shown in his unofficial dress, such as he wore in the pri
vacy of hia home, and In. which he seldom ever allowed any foreigner to see
him.
LI HUNG CHANG FIGURES
IN ANTI-FOREIGN PLOT
LONDON, July 19.— The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Express asserts that he has ascertained from an unimpeach
able source that when the question of an alliance between China
and Japan was under consideration last autumn, the Empress
Dowager sent a commissioner to Tokio with secret proposals to
the Mikado.
"These proposals," says the correspondent, "contemplated
the conclusion of a secret treaty having the object of destroying
all European and American influence in both China and Japan,
the wholesale massacre of foreigners and the division" of the
whole of Eastern Asia from Burmah to Siberia between China
and Japan. The special commissioner took a code, prepared by
Li Hung Chang and Sheng, for secret communication between
the Empress Dowager and the Mikado. The Japanese Emperor
utterly declined to entertain the proposals."
Present Transport
Service Considered
Adequate for the
Carruing of Neces
saro Reinforce
ments to China.
The text transport Bailing from San
Francisco will be the Hancock, July 28,
followed by the Meade. August L the
Warren. August 16, the Logan, September
1. the Thomas, September 16, the Grant.
October 1, the Sheridan, October 16, and
the Sumner, November 1. The capacity of
all of these transports is over 11.000 men.
With the troops already in China and
those en route, the next three transports
to sail can land in China all the troops
now ordered there within the time fixed
hy the War Department. Colonel Bird
raid he expected no departure from this
programme.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON" HOTEL. WASHING
TON, July IS.— Colonel Charles
Bird of the quartermaster's de
partment, in charge of the army
transport sen-ice, said to-day that no ves
sels other than regular transports would
be pressed Into service for the conveyance
of troops to China. Colonel Bird has
communicated with the officers of the
quartermaster's department in San Fran
cisco with a view of ascertaining the
availability of certain vessels for that
purpose in case of emergency but beyond
this r.o unusual preparation has been
made for transporting troops. He said
the reports from San Francisco that he
had chartered extra transports were un
true. He had merely informed himself
of the possibility of securing additional
vessels in case of urgent necessity, but
he had no doubt that the regular trans
port service would be amply sufficient for
the present purposes of the War Depart
mftnt.
Fp*elsJ IDispatch to The Call.
LI'S MEMORIAL SENT
TO DOWAGER EMPRESS
LOXDOX, July- IS.— A dispatch from
<~anton received here to-day gjves some
edditional facts relative to the memorial
to the throne which LI Hung Chang told
th*» foreign Consuls he. as Dean of the
Viceroys, had Induced all the other. Vice
roys except two to frame, as reported in
the Pally Telegraph's dispatch of July 16.
The memorial insisted upon the necessitv
of five points, as follows:
FirFT— proK ction of the foreigners In the
rmpire. whether war breaks out or not in
ordr-r to preserve China's prestige as a
civilized state.
Second— The rescue of foreign Ministers
still living, ae negotiations would still
then be possible and governments of those
saved might use their influence in favor
of China.
Third— A letter of apology to the Ger
man Emperor for the murder of Baron
von Ketteler. as well as a proposal for
the mediation of other powers and a writ
ten assurance of China's good intentions
to be uivcxi to the United States and
France.
Fourth— Full compensation for all losses
of life and property of foreigners.
Fifth— Orders to be given to the mili
tary and civil authorities of Chi LI to
punish robbers and marauding troops.
Li Hung Chang added in his interview
with the foreign Consuls that in the event
NEW YORK, July IS.— Orders from
"Washington have been received at the re
cruiting office of the United States Ma
rine Corps in' this c!ty to enlist an manv
•men as possible before July 23.' On tha"t
date the Government expects to send 500
marines to China. An extra effort is be
ing made to get men. and all who enlist
have the promise of active service in
China if they desire it.
MABINES ARE WANTED.
Admiral Seymour's departure for Taku
to-r.ight leaves the Russian admiral and
Fukushlma. the Japanese, in command.
F ukushima has presented Major Waller
with one of the guns taken on the 2th.
The Chinese attack spoiled the allies'
plan of taking the- eastern form in the
morning.
The "lyddite jruns succeeded in drawing
the Chinese shell fire away from the outer
town and toward oilier positions, doinjj
great damage in tho "native city. There
is continual firing at all hours", and the
passing of the wounded and burial par
ties through the streets give them a grew
somo aspect. •..¦.•¦
The Americans were not engaged at this
point. It is estimated that 300 Chinese
were killed.
NEW TORK. July 18.— A dispatch from
Tientsin, July 11, says: The Chinese made
a determined attack upon the railway
station early this morning. The French
troops were forced to pive ground and the
Japanese gallantly charged in support of
the French. The French casualties reach
50; Japanese, 60. including five officers
killed; English and Indians, 20; Rus
sians, 20.
CHINESE ATTACK ON
RAILWAY STATION REPULSED
LOSSES OF ALLIES
IK THE FIGHTING
BEFORE TIENTSIN
sp»rial Cable to Th<» Call and New
York Herald. Copyright. 1900 by
the Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFT7, ; July 17.— Tho
total casualties among the for
eign troops at Tientsin on Fri
day and Saturday were 745,
divided as follows:
Americans — Killed, 22;
wounded, 37.
British — Killed, 20; wound
ed, 83.
Japanese — Killed, 70;
wounded, 3OO.
Russians — Killed and
wounded, 125.
Others killed and wounded,
125.
The numbers engaged were:
Japanese, 1600; British, 900;
Americans. 8OO; Russians,
4OOO:, and Germans, 300.
that the legations were saved, the United
States, Great Britain and France had
promised to recognize his good will as far
as possible, and he expected a similar at
titude by the other powers. .
TIENTSIN WALLED CITY
HAS BEEN DESTROYED
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU, July 16. — The native city of Teintsin has been de
stroyed. The loot amounts to half a million taels in silver. The
transports Xerbudda and Palamcotta, with Indians, arrived at
Taku on Monday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XEYV YORK. July iq.— The Journal has this from Lon
don: It is by order of the imperial Government at Peking that
Chinese commanders have stopped navigation on the river
Amur, firing upon the Muscovite transports and forcing them to
retreat. It is in deference to the same commands, emanating
from the Government at Peking, that Chinese regular troops
have invaded Siberia, penetrating some twenty miles in the Char's
dominions and bombarding Bl»igbvetchensk. the capital of Amur
province.
This in itself is equivalent to a declaration of war against
Russia, which, construing it as such, has handed the Chinese
Envoy at St. Petersburg his passports to-day and requested him
to leave the country, along with mernbers of his mission.
RUSSIA HANDS PASSPORTS
TO THE CHINESE MINISTER
Ep*<-!a1 nispatch to Th<" Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. TVE1>
I.IXGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON". July 1*.— Major Ger.eral Mac-
Arthur has placed himself on rec
ord as Btltingly opposed to the with
drawal of troops from the Philippines for
service in China. If General MacArthur
tiad his way his force would be increased
instead of reduced. He urgently repre
sented to Secretary Root that under the
pyftcm of crarrisons adopted it is impossl
lile to redistribute the force when the rep
imrris are withdrawn, to properly patrol
the district from which- they have bf.cn
taken. Secretary Hoot thoroughly appre
ciates General MarArthur's vfews, bm the
urgency of the situation in China is such
that he is compelled to detach regiments
tfr->m the Philippine* to send to Taku.
Throuprh reports and private letters
rearhins the officials here it is h^cominK
manifest that the suppression of the Fili
pino inFurroctlon is a work of years. This
is certainly the opinion of almost every
army officer in the Philippines. Tetters
from those officers sharply criticize the
enti-imperiallstfl fcr thr!r opposition to
the policy of the administration, and one
officer, writing' to an official, state? that
he found a tract Betting forth in Spanish
the text of a document apparently s^nt
out from Boston. According to this offi
cer the natives are as well informed of the.
sentiment in the United States as .the
army officers, and they swm to be able
to get information more quickly both as
respects the occurrences here as well a?
those in the islands.
As an instance of the tactics the Fili
pinos now pursue, his letter states that
ilnrintr the early part of June some twelve
or fifteen hundred natives made an attack
upon the American garrison at Cagayan.
They were repulsed, and Immediately
upon the arrival of reinforcements a few
hours later a search wns made for the
rnemy. It was impossible to locate, them.
Tho natives declared they hail not seen
them nor did they apparently know any
tliinK of their whereabouts. The natives
in the vicinity were suspected of l>elnfr
implicated, but of course this could not bo
shown.
Therf .ire many towns In T_.uzon •which
f re apparently friendly to the Americans,
but it is said they are hotbeds of sedi
tion.
[Special Cable to the New Tork Herald Copy
right. 1S0O. by the New York Herald Com
pany. Republlcatlon of this dispatch 1« pro
hibited. All > rights reserved in th» Vnited
States and Great Britain-]
LONDON*. July 19.— The Dally Mail pub
lishes this dispatch from Its special corre
spondent :
CHEFtT. Monday. — Fuller details of th»
fighting at Tientsin on Friday show that
the allies, with forty-two guns, bombard
ed the native city and afterward advanced
on it. The attacking force was 7000 strong.
The British, Americans, Japanese and
Austrlans, supported by field batteries ami
machine-guns, attacked the west arsenal.
-which the Chinese had reoccirpled. Ths
enemy replied with heavy rifle flre. For
several hours there was hard flghtln?,
but the allies captured the position.
On the East the Russians, assisted by
..the French and Germans, assaulted the
positions on the railway embankment and
captured eight guns. They also, took a
fort containing five guns, with which the
Chines© had harassed th« settlement, ami
blew up the magazine.
After stubborn resistance the Chinese
force, which was estimated at 23,000. sue
¦ ceeeded In delaying the advance of the
allies into the native city until the fol
lowing day (Saturday), when It was cap
tured, the allies having- camped outside
the walls during the night
An American refugee from Tientsin
states that the foreign officers, and par
ticularly one American, declare that they
: saw Europeans serving guns on the walls
i of the native city.
WASHINGTON*. July 15.— The Art
jutant General's Office has is
sued Its list of the organized
militia force of the United
States^ together with the num
ber of men available for military duty,
but unorganized. The grand total of or
ganized militiamen In the several States
and Territories at the last report was
106,330. Those unorganized, but available
for military duty, aggregated 10.443,142.
The organized strength, of the militia and
the number of men liable for service by
States are as follows, the first figures
given being the organized strength and
the second the unorganized:
Alabama 2.4T1 163,000
Arkansas 1,903 •
California 4,20* 211.931
I'olorado • gO.ooo
Connecticut 2,774 lM.4f><)
Delaware ."...._.... 521 2A.23Q
Florida 1,072 Tn,on<t
Georgia 6,o0fi 27r>,non
Idaho 5<18 T.OO")
Illinois 8.490 750,600
Indiana 2.703 30o noo
Iowa 2,444 SSl.TTT
Kansas 1.244 •
Kentucky 2.2SO 4in.neo
Louisiana 2.633 13.".f'fv>
Maine 1.863 10H.n42
Maryland 1.9.T5 I05.SH
Massachusetts 8.TSS 44S,i:»
Michigan 2,905 2S0.Ci.-0
Minnesota 1,941 l.W.Ki
Mississippi ....". 1.32.% 2KS.SU0
Missouri 2.S47 &(X>.n<*>
Montana «57 27..'17
Nebraska 1.S11 in.9:">
Nevada 335 «,iiv>
New Hampshire 1.452 H.Mi)
N>w Jersey ..' 4.!Ul 3ST>.rr.
New Tork 15.992 gno.C.no
North Carolina .................. 1.63S 24.%. 'V 1 *)
North Dakota 455 50 («X>
Ohio «.9fi2 M5,<W>
Op»f?on 1.433 Kt.SW
Pennsylvania 9,222 839.5H
Rhode Island .................... 9,444 87 C 1 "
South Carolina .- J.ss? if>.'6o»
Smith Dakota • •
Tennessee 14.W0 :nfl,rr.o
Texas 2.M4 Sno.ono
Vtah 4#» 2S.1'5
Vermont 755 44.7A4
Virginia 273 233,4c.
¦Washington • 9n.W)
AVest Virginia 1.093 ISbOOO
Wisconsin 8,173 274.1«*>
Wyoming • 328 lO.poo
Arizona 520 12.WM
District of Columbia 1.333 50,000
New Mexico J33 •
Oklahoma $00 B0.CC9
•Xot given.
EUROPEANS SERVED
THE_CHINESE GUNS
MILITIA FORCE
NOW AVAILABLE
Organized Array o! More Than
One Hundred Thousand Men
Could Be Pnt Into the
Field at Once.
CLASH OF THE NATIONS
IN CHINA THREATENED
NO MORE TROOPS WILL BE
WITHDRAWN FROM CUBA
WASHINGTON. July IS.— General "Wood
spent three hours with the Secretary of
War. The Cuban situation was gone over
thoroughly. General Wood reiterated his
opinion that It would be very undesirable
to withdraw more than the three regi
ments now under orders to leave the isl
and. The removal of the troops now under
orders will reduce the American force in
Cuba to a little more than 5000. These
General Wood considers essential to the
welfare of the island till after the coming
constitutional convention. The date for
this has not yet been fixed rind about
six weeks" notice will have to be given,
owing to the slowness of rural communi
cation. The election of delegates to the
convention probably will be over by the
1st of October. The Cubans do not want
the American troops replaced by native
volunteers at this time, because of the
opening this would make for a military
dictatorship. After the constitutional con
vention it may be possible to reduce the
insular force still further.
It is understood that Secretary Root
coincides with General Wood's views after
the situation has been fully explained, and
that no further draft will be made on the
Cuban force at present.
BOXERS PREPARED FOR
BOWrBARDMENT ON JULY 7
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by tha Herald Pub
llshine Company.
CHEFU. via Shanghai, July 17.— A cour
ier'to Yuan Shi Kal. the Governor of
Shantung province, claims to have left
Peking on July 7, when the Boxers and
troops were preparing to bombard the le
gations. The troops no longer obeyed Im
perial orders. The Emperor. Empress
Dowager and Ministers were all in great
dr.nger.
ALMOST A MILLION
MEN IN THE ARMY
OF PRINCE TUAN
ST. PETERSBURG, July 18.
A dispatch from Chefu says:
Prince Tuan has mobilized
950,000 men, divided into
different corps. The northern
corps has been ordered to ex
pel foreigners from Amur. The
Peking army is divided into
four corps, the first of -whicn
is to operate against Moukden
and occupy the roads between
Peking and Shanhaikuan; the
second is to concentrate at
Tientsin, and the third at Pe
king, "whence a column .40,-
OOO strong -will be sent to
Weihaiwei and Tsintau, while
the fourth corps will concen
trate at Nankin. There are
now 23,000 Japaness troops
in China. The Chinese fleet is
concentrating in the China
Sea, and hostilities are ex
pected. ; ,
A dispatch from Nankin an
nounces that Prince Tuan has
ordered a great military move
ment owing to the appearance
of the Japanese in China. The
Viceroy of Nankin has in
formed the foreign Consuls
there that he cannot be an
swerable for events in Chao
sin, Ningpo and Cb.uch.atD
The foreigners are fleeing to
Shanghai. The position is
alarming. Sixteen foreigners
have arrived at Nankin from
Ningpo, where the houses of
foreigners have been burned
and missionaries horribly mal
treated. .;
.The rebellion has taken hold
of Southern China. The for
eigners at Chuchau have been
attacked and are fleeing,panic
stricken.
NEW YORK, July 19. — The World has this from London:
Russia is preparing to make a descent on China from Manchuria. She is massing there
a great army of Cossacks and is using the Siberian railway exclusively for military operations.
An army of 200,000 Russians may invade China from the north by the first of August. This
step makes a clash of the nations in China possible.
England has already withdrawn Admiral Seymour from command of the allied foreign
land forces at Tientsin, because his services are needed in command of England's fleet. The
Russian admiral. Alexieff, who, next to Seymour, has the highest rank of all the foreign of
ficers, succeeds Seymour as chief of the land forces. '
There is apparently no unity of action by the allies in China. The present international
sympathies se.em to make this alignment — the United States, England and Japan against
Russia. Germany and France.
AMERICANS WHO
FELL AT TIENTSIN
Lieut. Colonel Coolidge of the
Ninth Cables a List of
the Killed and Wounded
of His Command.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— The War
Department to-day bulletined
its first official report of the re
sults of the battle at Tientsin,
as follows:
"CHEFU.— Adjutant General. Washing
ton: Casualties in attack on Tientsin
July 13:
"Killed— Colonel E. H. Ltscum and sev
enteen enlisted men.
"Wounded— Captain C. R- Noyes, not
serious; Major J. Regan, serious, but not
dangerous; Captain E. V. Bookmiller.
serious, not dangerous; Lieutenant L. B.
Lawton, not serious; Lieutenant F. R.
Lang, slight, and seventy-two enlisted
me'n.
"Missing— Two enlisted men.
"COOLIDGE."
Cooltfge, who signed the dispatch, is
lieutenant colonel of the Ninth Infantry.
The following dispatch has be*;n received
at the Navy I.'epartment:
"CHEFU, July IS.— Bureau of Naviga
tion, Washington: Latest reports do not
indicate that army officers Major Lee,
Captain Brewster. Lieutenants Naylor,
Hammond and Waldron are wounded.
Captain Charles G. Long, frnarine corps,
wounded; Second Lieutenant F. R. Lang,
army, wounded. An aid has gone to
Tientsin to get accurate information.
"REMEY."
Second Lieutenant Frank R. Lang
served during the Spanish war as ser
geant major and second lieutenant in the
First Maine Volunteer Infantry, and wa.i
appointed second lieutenant In the regular
army April 10, 1S99.
Captain Charles G. Long of the marine
corps entered the marine corps July 1,
1891, having been appointed from Massa
chusetts. He had been on duty at Cavite,
P. I., since April 8,- 1839, -until ordered tc
China.
FELL BACK UNDER
COVER OF DARKNESS
TIENTSIN, Friday, July 13. 7 p. m. (via
Chefu, July 16, and Shanghai, July IS.—
The battle which was begun with the at
tack by 7000 allied forces upon the wall?>
of the native city at 2 o'clock this after
noon continued all day, two battalions of
the Ninth Infantry participating. It is
reported that 215 of this command were
killed or wounded, including ten or fifteen
officers. Colonel E. H. Liscum was killed
and Majors Jesse M. Lee and James Re
gan, Captains Charles R. Noyes, Andrew
Brewster and Edwin V. Bookmlller and
First Lieutenants William K. Naylor.
Louis B. Lawton, Harold Hammond and
I. C. Waldron were wounded.
Among the United States marines the
casualties numbered forty. Captain A. R.
Davis was killed and Captain William B.
Lemley and First Lieutenants Henry
Leonard and S. D. Butler were wounded.
The American contingent, after lying in
shallow, hastily dug trenches, full of
water, facing the south wall of the city,
and suffering for want of water and food,
besides being short of ammunition, was
ordered by General Dorward to retire un- '
der cover; of darkness.
The Russians were outside the cast wall,
while the Japanese. British and French
were close to the west wall, with the Chi- \
nese trying to flank them. The walls
were sadly battered by shells. The at
tack will be renewed in the morning. The
total losses of the. allied forces are esti
mated at 800.
ROCKHILL WILL NOT
RETURN TO THE ORIENT
WASHINGTON, July 18.— One of the
first callers at the State Department to
day was W. W. Rockhill, director of the
Bureau of American Republics, whose
name has been mentioned as a possible
successor of Minister Conger, as the
United States representative in China, in
case the latter is dead. After his inter
view with the Secretary of State, Mr.
Rockhill said that he had no expectation
of returning to the Orient.
Mr. Rockhill is one of the few officials
who still retain a remnant of hope that
some members of the legation in Peking
may have escaped. His hope for the fugi
tives is based on his knowledge of the re
lations existing for the past twenty years
between Sir Robert Hunt, the British
customs officer, and some of the most
powerful officials in Peking.' Some of
these officials owe all they have to the
friendship of Sir Robert Hart, and it is.
' within the limits of possibility that they
! have been able to secrete at least some of
the women of the foregn party where they
can weather the storm until relief reaches
Peking.
This is only a possibility, but coming
from one familiar with the Chinese situa
tion, it contains at least a ray of hope
for those who have friends In Peking.
ALLIES CAPTURED
SIXTY-TWO CANNON
BERLIN, July 18.— Admiral von Bende
mann, commander of the German squad
ron. In his account of the fighting at
Tientsin on July 14 says:
"When the citadel was captured sixty
two guns fell Into the hands of the allies."
-The German commander said also:
"Regular railway communication between
Taku and Tientsin will be opened on July
18. It was decided to-day that the senior
officer on the station should have military,
control of the line until It could be handed
over: to the ordinary authorities.' The
British admiral wished it to be handed
over at once. The Russians have repaired
the line and now occupy it."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General MacArtlmr Protests
Against Sending Troops From
the Philippines to China and
Declares That He Himself Is in
Need of Reinforcements.
LI HUNG CHANG STARTS
FOR HIS POST AT PEKING
WITHDRAWAL OF TROOPS WILL GIVE FRESH.
THE SAN ¦ ¦ FRANCISC0 'CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
2
Chinese Merchants and Gentry of Canton in Vaim
. Plead That He ' RemaJn to Accord *
Them Protection.
HONGKONG, Tuesday, July 17.— LI
Hung Chang, despite all attempts
of Europeans to persuade him to
remain, left Canton this morning
for Peking. Prior to his depart
ure Chinese merchants and gentry of Can
ton strongly appealed to the Viceroy not
to leave, and presented a petition setting
forth that Canton, so long the prey to the
depredations of robbers and pirates, had
been inhabitable during Li Hung Chang's
Vlceroyalty; that disturbances had been
repressed with a strong hand, and that
the people were enabled to live without
being panic-stricken when dogs barked.
The petitioners, this paper continued,
learned with trembling that their pro
tector was proceeding north, and they
v.-ept as at the loss of a parent.. The ab
sence of rebellion and piracy being solely
due to tho presence of L.1 Hung Chajig,
the merchants were ready to cast them
selves before the wheels of his chariot to
prevent his departure.
A significant passage in lbe appeal pre
sc-nted to Li Hung Chang by the Chinese
merchants and gentry of Hongkong re
questing him not to leave that city, men
tions that Canton has only provisions for
four months and urges the formation of a
company to buy rice abroad and to pre
pare to resist foreign Invasion and to pro
tect the frontier.
DR. MEYERS .ft CO,, 731 I&S&S? ,
TAK t: ELEVATOR. Hours, 8:05 dallv; evenings, 7 to fc; Sundays, 9 to 1 1.
The excursion to TJkiah and return on
Sunday. July 22. will allow over four hours
Jn irkiah In which to lunch, visit Fish
Hatchery of the California Northwest-
ern Ry.. Vichy Snrlnss. asylum and Ran-
cherta. Fare only 12.00. •
In II An Xf\An3iiOTG
iviiieu jpccidiisis
. Every member of our staff has made a lifelong study
of all weakness and diseases of men. Our remedies
are the purest, best and most effective, but never
harmful. Our methods and appliances have no
equal, our institution is the largest and our practice
the most extensive.
5 i^^ J^l CURE
"^ W& Ji \<*&-p S Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Ws f£3re% H8&L i Vari cocele Nervous Debility
\|iRT Hydrocele Wasting Weakness
T&.id8& a ¦Bladder Diseases Sleeplessnes3
tT~^ } 7^}&£$&3S' -¦€¦ 5<a^ 1 Kl f lney P isea? e3 Blood Poison
%f4i < S^rSj*fel§ W P I ° UR BANK DEP0SIT GUARANTEE.
trfK^#4?L %^ 'i JSSslJ*^ U. Patlel L t » "J?^ deposit tha price of a cur*
l W-^&P> /S^SX^k.!"! "y faan Francisco bank, to be paid only
-T^ after they are well, or may pay In monthly
"JMfffBWTWBt ****&&?*?* MfflflftcanBOCfe? installments. ' J
We can cure you at home. Although it is preferable
to see the patient in many instances, it is not alwavs
r necessary. If you cannot call, write for private book,
diagnosis sheets, tree advice, prices, etc. Cures sent
by mail or express free from observation.
Consultation anJ Advice Free at Office op by Mill.HOW AMERICANS WERE FIRST TO
REACH THE LEGATIONS AT PEKING.
This letter also states that the commander of the Chinese fleet, when he was called upon to surrender, did so, in the face of. a vastly superior naval force of
the allied nations; but upon being taken aboard the German ship he took his life- with a revolver after saying that he preferred death to being returned to his coun
trymen after having surrendered. He declared he would be put to the most, horrible torture before being killed by his own countrymen.
VALLEJO, July 17. — A private letter, dated June 19, received here to-day by the wife of a naval officer from her husband, who is with the Asiatic squadron,
says in regard to the heroism of Captain B. H. McCalla, who commanded the first landing party after the outbreak of the Chinese trouble:
*'Many, words of praise arc spoken as to the heroism of Captain B. H. McCalla, who, when he landed, demanded a train to transport his men to Pe
king, and on being refused seized a train and ran his men to Peking, and was the first to enter the city and place a guard around the legations. Having accomplish
ed this away ahead of any European power, he returned to Taku for reinforcements. The railroad was destroyed and he was unable to return to Peking, but he is
now with Admiral Seymour fighting his way to unfortunate Peking."
WASHINGTON. July 18. — The
State Department has received
a dispatch from Consul General
Fowler at Chefu saying that
the Governor of Shantung
wires that his courier left Peking on July
9 The legations were still holding 1 out.
'United States Minister Allen at Seoul
cables the State Department that Boxers
and Chinese, are in force within a few
miles of the Korean frontier. The natives
of Ping Yan. the most northern province
of Korea, are much ajarmed and are flee
ing. The foreigners remain in safety. .The
Government is very anxious.
The buoyant and hopeful feeling of yes
terday as to the Chinese situation was
strengthened to-day by the addition of
the confirmatory dispatch from Consul
Fowler, at Chefu, touching the safety of
the legationers at Peking on July 9. Of
course it is understood that" Mr.. Fowler's
information came from the fountain head,
as did Mr. Wu's of yesterday, namely the
famous Yuan Shan Kai, the Military Gov
ernor of Shantung province. Because
of the very intimate relations that have
existed up to a very recent date between
this official and the imperial court at Pe
king, he having been commander of the
imperial bodyguard, there Is a disposition
here to attach more credence to his dis
patches than. would be accorded to those
of other Chinese officials. This is based
on the presumption that he has no Induce
ment to falsify the facts".
The Chinese Minister called on Secre
tary Hay this morning and had a ten min
utes' talk with him. Minister Wu said he
had received no official information, but
thought the situation looked much
brighter as a result of dispatches received
yesterday.
Repeats the Claim of Shan
tung's Governor That the
Legations Were Safe on
the Ninth of July.
HOPE REVIVED BY
FOWLER'S MESSAGE
The Secretary made known to Mr. "Wu
the dispatch from Consul Fowler at Che
fu. quoting the Governor of Shantung as
sterling that the legatloners at Peking
wore safe on the 9th ir.st.. and this was
accepted by him as confirmatory of his
dispatch yesterday. Minister Wu said
there was not the slightest doubt about
the date being the Oth. although London
cables suggested that the Sth referred to
the Chinese calendar and meant the fifth
day by the English calendar. On the con
trary, the dispatch received bv him men
tioned the 13th as the date, which by the
Chinese calendar corresponds with the 9th
of our calendar.
SIR ROBERT HART REFUSED
TO ESCAPE IN DISGUISE
LONDON. July IS.— The Shanghai corre
spondent of the Mall learns that Prince
Ching concocted a scheme to enable Sir
Robert Hart to escape disguised from the
British legation on July 4. Sir Robert,
however, refused to desert the other in
mates of the legation, and he twice wrote
to Prince Tuan asking him to spare the
lives of all the foreigners. Prince Tuan.
however, did rot make any reply and Sir
Robert is believed to have perished on the
night of July 6, during the massacre.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, July 18.— President McKinley
will leave Washington to return to
Canton to-morrow night if no news
is received from China in the meantime
which will make his presence at the
White House necessary.
No formal meeting of the Cabinet was
held to-day, though Secretary, Root en
tertained the President, all members of
the Cabinet and a few others. Including
Major General Wood, at a dinner at the
Country Club and the Chinese situation
was informally discussed. A meeting of
the Cabinet has been called for to-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock. .
It seems that at the beginning of the
negotiations between the powers there
was grave danger of a failure of concerted
action among them, resulting in delays
which would have endangered all foreign
interests in China. Secretary Hay's note
to the representatives of the United States
at foreign capitals, setting forth clearly
the purposes of the United States, gave
the powers a firm basis on which to pro
ceed, and, as various countries interested,
one after another, have adopted the sub
stance of Mr. Hay's note as expressing
their own purposes, most of the diplo
matic difficulties in the situation have
disappeared.
. There has been no hard and fast agree-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ment as to policy to be pursued and there
will be no agreement as to the rehabili
tation of the Chinese Government until
the allied forces have reached Peking and
something definite is known as to the fate
of the Emperor's government and how far
the Emperor's advisers, the Empress
Dowager or the high court officials may
have been implicated in the anti-foreign
outbreak.
There probably will be diplomatic tan
gles in abundance to be solved when
this stage is reached, but in the mean
time the powers will work together to put
down the insurrection and save China
from her own people. A tentative proposi
tion Is under consideration by the various
powers for the appointment of an inter
national commission to investigate the
entire Chinese question and map out a
plan for the co-operation of the powers
for the future government of China In
such a way as to give assurance of the
safety of foreigners and their property in
the empire. This proposition has not yet
taken delinlte shape, however. There is
not at present even an agreement as to
the quota of troops that each power Is to
furnish.
; Each government is at liberty to send
as many as it may desire or to withhold
military assistance altogether if it so de
sires. Self-interest, however, will impel
each country to send a respectable force
as each having an Interest In China will'
see to it that its participation 1n military
operatons are on a scale sufficient to give
it a voice in the final settlement.
THE evening papers seem to have misunderstood the object of the See
Yup merchants in calling the mass meeting of Chinese citizens which
was held at the Assembly Hall of the Xing Yung Association on
"Waverley Place, between Sacramento and Clay streets, this afternoon.
It was not by reason of fear of any possible rising against Chi
nese of the State that this meeting was called by the association. It was
only just that as a reciprocation for the kind words and acts of the people
of San Francisco when > we were in quarantine we should publicly ex
press the sympathy which we feel for them in this trying time, when such
painful and deplorable occurrences are taking place in our country. The
merchants of San Francisco supplied us with food for the Chinese poor, and
we know that v.-e are safe among people who have such generous impulses.
Another statement of the evening papers which I wish to explain is this:
It v.-as said that Wong Chung, secretary of the Six Companies, knew nothing
about the meeting. The reason of that was that this meeting was called by
the See Yup Association and it had no connection with the Six "Companies
whatever except that members might attend in their individual capacity.
The results of the meeting were more than the mere expression of the
resolutions cf -sympathy which they passed, for in addition to that I was
asked to attend in my official capacity for the purpose of receiving from the
assembled merchants a request that I should as Imperial Consul forward
to Viceroy Li Hung Chang a petition begging his protection for the foreign
ers resident in China.
This I shall promptly do. HO YOW
Imperial Chinese Consul General. San Francisco.
July IS, 1900.
Diplomatic Tangles in Abundance
the ProHaWe Outgrowth of the
Boxer Movement -and America
Seeks to Evade Them.
THE Chinese Kmplre Reform Association of this city received the fol
lowing cablegram from Singapore last evening:
"SINGAPORE. July 18. lf>00.
"Chinese Empire Reform, San Francisco: Wang "NVu Wei saved from
assassination by Sikh guard. Wire eood news to all branches.
¦ * * "KHOO SEOK WAN. 1 ;
Kar.g Yu Wei, for whose head the Empress Dowager of China has offered a
reward of J50.000. has been the intimate friend and advisor of Kwar.g Hsu,
nnd is considered by the Chinese of the south to be the wisest man the empire
has produced since the time of Confucius. Just previous to the late political
coup by which the Emperor was dethroned, he requested Kang to hurry to
pome safe asylum, where he could propound the reform principles for which
the young Emperor sacrificed his liberty.
This modern sage has been most successful in organizing the Chinese re
form party, and Is at present making Singapore his headquarters, where he
enjoys the protection of the British Government. It Is claimed by his support
ers that he has a following of at least 20,000.000 in the southern provinces of
China.
Frequent attempts have been made on the life of this political refugee,
all of which have been frustrated by his faithful Sikh bedy guard.
HO YOU TO APPEAL
TO HUNG CHANG
THE batteries cf the Third Artillery
that received orders en the 17th
Ir.st. to rendezvous at the Presidio,
with a view of ultimate service in
China, yesterday were ordered in
to camp at the PresidT.. with instructions
to the various officers to have everything
In readiness for sudden departure. Cloth
i ing is being issued to the men thatlWlU
be of service in cither China or the Philip-
Pines. . . , -"•¦:
Instructions have been forwarded from
Washington requiring the immediate
preparation of camps requisite for the
comfort of 600Q men. This has been done,
with the exception of the erection of the
tents, which will require but six hours.
nccraits Arrive' in Numbers.
Recruits are arriving every day from all
parts of the country ar.d are being fur
nished with clothing ar.d outfits as rapidly
as possible. They are a hard-worked lot.
as the aim ha? been to have them tit for
duty and ready for departure at any mo
ment. ,
Three companies of the Eighteenth In
fantry just returned from Manila have
been detailed for garrison duty at the
Prtsidio iKSieaci of going to i n * ir nome
Surgeon General G?crge M. Sternberg.
accompanied by colonel Wi.liam H. For
wocd chief surgeon ot the Department of
California, visited the Presidio yesterday
and macie an inspection ot the general
and post hospitals. In all there are wo
patients at the Presidio. ..... „,.
There now remain ur.buricd at the Pre
sidio the bodies of 110 men who d ed In
Manila. Every day witnesses the burial
of at least twenty, but they arrive almost
as fast. Extension of the limits of the
cemetery is now a necessity.
Mobilizing of Troops.
The mobilizing at the Presidio of the
Third Artillery has m.ide necessary me
issuance of the foilqwing orders:
FirsC Lieutenant H. F, Gardner. Third Ar
tillery, with a detachment to consist of three
non-commisslone<l officers and twenty privates
of Light Battery C, Third Artillery, end tv.o
non-commissioned officers and tifteen privates
of one of the regular convalescent companies,
now at the Presidio of San Francisco, Califor
nia, will, without delay, proceed to Fcrt Uaker,
California for station. L':k>u arrival or this
detachment at Fort Baker, the detachments
now on duty there will proceed as follows: The
detachment of Battery D. Third Artillery. u>
the Presidio of San Francisco, California, to
await the arrlva! of Battery D at that lost;
the detachment of ISattery E. Third Artillery,
to Join the battery at Fort Mason. California.
Upon the departure of Battery E, Third Ar
tillery, from Fort Mason, California. Company
11, Eighteenth Infantry, now at the Presidio
of San Francisco, California, will proceed to
and take station at Fort Mason.
Battery E. Third Artillery (Captain Pratt),
will, without delay, change station from Fort
Mason to the Presidio of San Francisco. Cali
fornia, for duty at Fcrt Winfleld Scott. No
details from this battery will be made for any
I>ost purposes whatever at the Presidio of San
Francisco, its exclusive duty being the care ot
the guri3 belonging to the batteries at Fort
Point.
First Lieutenant Harold B. Flske. battalion
adjutant Eighteenth Infantry, now at the I're
sidio of San Francisco, California, will, with
out delay, proceed to Alcatraz Island. Califor
nia, to assume the duties of quartermaster and
commissary at that post, relieving the officers
of the Third Artillery now performing these
duties.
A detachment to consist of two non-commis
iloned officers, and tea privates of Light Bat
tery C. Third Artillery, and three non-com
mifcMcned officers and twenty privates of Com
pany B, Eighteenth Infantry, now at the Pre
sidio oJ San Francisco. Cal.. will proceed, with
out delay, to fan Diego Barracks, Cal., for
station. ;
First Lieutenant Albert S.. Brookes. Eigh
teenth Infantry, now at the Presidio cf San
Francisco. Cal., will proceed, without delay,
to Fort Mason. Cal., nnd report upon arrival
there to the commanding officer for duty at
that post to relieve First Lieutenant John P.
riains. Third Artillery, who will proceed to
San Diego Barracks, Cal., to assume command
Of that post.
A detachment to consist of one non-commls-
tloned officer nnd five rrlvates of Light Hattery
C, Third Artillery, and thre^ non-commlysion
ed officers nnd twenty-live privates frcm one
of the regular convalescent companies, now
on duty at the Presidio of San Francisco. Cal..
Will, without delay, proceed to Fort XicL»owel!.
Cal.. fcr station. l"pon arrival of this detach-
it Kcrt McDowell, the detachment of
Battery E, Third Artillery, new on duty ther».
will stand relieved and will proceed to Join
Its brmery at Fort Mascn. Cal.
The trcops detailed fcr duty in China
must pars a rigid physical examination
or remain at home." No soldier heretofore
having less than a year to serve was de
tailed for foreign service, but so great is
the demand for men now that the time
has been reduced to six months.
Ten Thousand Men Ma'
The Pacific Mail Company's steamers
City of fara. City of Sydney and Colon
have been withdrawn from the Central
American trade, and the San Bias, San
Juan and San Jose will take their places.
No connrmatoiy news has been received
from Wa^ningtcn, but the supposition i?
that all three vessels wIU carry troops to
China or Manila. The owners of the Zea
landia will not say where she Is going,
tut the work cf fitting her out for a run
into. the tropics lias ulready begun. The
Senator ami City of Puebia are comtner
here from the Sound, and it now begins
to look as though L'ncle Sam would have
HJ.OfiO men on the waters inside of a fort
night.
Work on the transports Hancock and
Meade is being rushed. The HancocK ¦went
on the drydock yesterday and will bo
ready to sail next week. The Meade has
been coaled and her cargo is being rushed
aboard. Just as soon as the troops are
here both vessels will sail. This will bo
about the JSth inst., and the ships now
being chartered will follow them in rapid
.succession.
Another Big Camp Here.
The United States Quartermaster's De
partment has awarded the contract for
supplying 242 Held ranges to Holbrcok.
Merrill & Stetson, to be delivered within
three weeks. These ranges are built in
such form that all of the cooking utensils
can be stored in the stove during trans
portation, the stove being locked. Fifty
vt the ranges have been delivered and on
the balance the work is being rushed by a
large torce of men. The number of ranges
ordered will be enough to supply an army
of 25.0W men.
Several of the large grocery houses in
this city have received orders fcr immense
quantities of^supplies to be delivered at
once to the United States subsistence de
partment.
Tin- delivery of the ranges and supplies
at once to the Government Indicates an
other large camp in San Francisco of S000
or 10.000 men. It will be necessary for the
soldiers to remain here some weeks
awaiting transportation.
Major Hugh J. Gallagher, who ha3 been
assigned to duty at TaKU. China, as chief
commissary of the United States troops,
holds the rank of Captain In the Third
Cavalry. At the outnreak of the war he
went to Cuba with General Shatter and
rendered such valuable service that he
was transferred to. the Subsistence De
partment. Since his connection with that
department &e has proved himself fully
capable of performing the many duties
and his selection for the post in China,
vrhich in all probability will become one of
great importance, is a source of much
pleasure to his many friends In this city.
Major Matt R. Peterson, commissary of
subsistence. U. S. V.. has been relieved
from duty as chief commissary, Depart
ment of Matanzas and Santa Clara. He
will report to the commanding general,
division of Cuba, for assignment to duty
as chief commissary of that division and
as purchasing commissary at Havana.
Cuba, to relieve Major Oliver E. Wood,
commissary of subsistence, I". S. V. Major
Wood will proceed to San Francisco. Cal
ifornia, for assignment to duty as chief
commissary of the Department of Califor
nia, to relieve Major Hugh J. Gallagher,
commissary of subsistence, U. S. V.
Major Gallagher will proceed to Taku.
China, and report to Brigadier General
Adna R. Chaffee for assignment to duty
as chief commissary of the United States
troops In China.
the northern provinces are In open revolt.
"Whatever may be the ultimate policy of
the powers, the immediate effect of the
successful defense of the foreign quarter
at Teintsin is distinctly quieting and re
assuring. .The allied armies are fighting
there tor the prevention of a massacre
and the protection of foreign interests
through the Chinese empire.
The retreat of the foreign contingents
to the coast would be the signal for the
yellow terrorism in every quarter of the
seaboard and the interior.
While the improvement in the situation
at Tientsin is considerable, the Chinese
rebels are swarming outside the city and
there are strong reasons for believing that
the bulk of the regular army is saturated
with the Boxers' spirit of hatred against
foreigners.
LONDON, July 18.— The entire region of
the Yangtse Is In a state of unrest. Shang
hai is menaced with a native uprising and
DANGER MENACING
SHANGHAI VERY GRAVE
CHICAGO, July 18.— A dis
patch from Chefu, July 15,
via Shanghai, July 18, says:
A communication was re
ceived to-day by the Japanese
Consul from the Japanese
Minister at Peking, dated
June 29. It said that all the
minors -were in the British le
gation, short of food, hard
pressed and unable to hold out
many days.
(This is significant, for it is
the latest dispatch from Pe
king, aside from those through
Chinese sources since Sir
Robert Hart's message of June
6, when he said the guns were
trained on the legation.)
v\ e assert that this opening up cf China
cannot be too quickly done. The country
must be threaded with railroads, factories
must be built, cities must be sanatized and
human life in every way conserved. A
sharp line must be drawn between the past
and present, and the forces of ancient
China must be held firmly In check by the
forces of modern China and of the western
world. We feel that with the help of the
west the millions of progressive people who
have come under western Influence 1 , sub
jects of China, will be able to effect this
end. And we express the hope that no ir
ritation, such as the seliure of new ter
ritory by foreign nations, shall be effected
to the lasting disturbance of the peace of
the country.
We commend In every respect the wise
policy pursued by the United States in
China and in reference to China, and Im
plore the Government of the United States
to proceed In its policy already mapped out.
to hold the Chinese empire Intact, to In
vest It with a strong, progressive native
government, and to insure by agreement of
the powers and by force of arms, with the
aid of the enlightened element of the era
lire, which Is vastly numerous, the perfect
pieace of the country and the safety of peo
plfs within it. and the promt)! Ion of that
leressary development upon which the pros
perity of all countries is founded; be it
Resolved. That a copy of these resolu
tions be presented to the Honorable Ho
Yow, and that he be requested to forward
It to his Excellency Wu Ting Fang at
Washington. D. C to be by him presented
to the I>epartment of State of the United
Ftates: and that copies be sent to the
chamber of Commerce. Board of Trade,
Merchants' Association and Manufacturers'
ajid Producers' Association at San Fran
clpco. Cal.
Dated at San Francisco, this ISth dav of
LATEST DISPATCH
FROM FOREIGNERS
IN THE LEGATIONS
See Yups Want China Opened.
The See Yup Association also passed
resolutions expressing its sympathy with
the American people for the teinbie ou.
rages their countrymen hud receivfd at
the hands of the Boxers and express'ng
in strong- language Its detestation of the
Hoxers and the hope that the latter would
be pp.-edily exterminated by the alii* d
forces. The See Yups also commended the
wise desire of the United States to keep
the Chinese Empire Intact and to invest
it with a strong native government that
will bring peace to the country and safety
to all foreigners.
This meeting was held at 25 Waverly
Place in the hall or the Xing Yung Com
pany. The president sat at the head of
a long table. On his right sat the Chinese
consul and on his left the secretary of the
association. Around the table the various
officers sat and quietly smoked while the
president and Ho Yow did all the talking.
Mhe crowd which surrounded the table
was live or six deep and the members
listened to the proceedings with interest
and with grunfs of approval.
The resolutions adopted bv the See Yups
are as follows: r
The bee lup Commercial Association, the
leading Chinese commercial organization of
the State of California and of the United
States, considering the present conditions
in Chlr.a in regard to the Boxer Insurrec
tion, herewith extends to the people of the
State of California and of the United States
gent-rally its profound sympathies for the
luis of life and property which have been
inflicted upon citir.ens of the United States
by these murderous Boxer outlaws. It is
our. hope that the t'nlted States and other
w-estern nations aiding the law-abiding ele
ir.ent of Chine and its representatives in
the Government of China, will speedily re
rtore order ir. our distracted country and
will with an unyielding hand Bslze and
IjUmMi the perpetrators of these awful out
rages.
We declare our utter detestation of the
Boxers and all their sympathisers and as
sort that the greatest* harm ever lntl!ct-l
upon Chlr.a has been produced by their
acts. Kspecially do we deplore the re
ported death of Minister Conger and his
estimable family and the reported deaths
of the other foreign Ministers and their
families resident In Peking, and express
the profoundest hope that these reports are
wholly untrue. In ths event, however, of
their unhappy truth we can but feel that
they have been martyrs to the cause of
western civilization In what Is numerically
the greatest of the nations, for we cannot
but perceive that as a result of their loss
a Kfiverr.ment will be imfilanted In China
which will make absolutely secure the lives
Of all persons and their properties within
the empire, and that the empire will be
speedily opened up to commerce and In
dustry, as these terms are interpreted by
Adopt Resolutions of Detestation
of Boxers and Admiration for
Western Institutions.
T1VO largely attended Chinese mass
m«-otinjrs were held in San Fran
cisco's Chinatown yesterday, mer
chants, laborers and all classes of
Chinamen being In attendance.
The meetings were held under the aus
pices of the King Yur.g and the See Yup
associations and were for the purpose of
taking acticn regarding the present se
rious condition of affairs in China, which
vitally afreets the Chinese residents of
the United States.
The leading Chinese citizens and mer
chants had the meetings called for the
purpose of thowi.ig the gt>od will of their
people here toward this Government and
its people.
The Nlr.gr Yung meeting was held at the
headquarters of that association ana was
presided over by .Ng isj LMBi president;
l-ee Wan Cna. vice president, ana 'Wong
You, secretary.
Ho Vow. the Imperial Chinese Consul,
was there in his many colored robes of
eilJt and was the leaUing spirit of the
meeting. He presented a set of resolu
tions oeplonng the atrocities of the iiox
t-rs ana expressing sympathy with- the
Americans for the loss or life and prop
erty muttered L>y their peopJe. These were
adopted without dissent. It was also de
termined to cable Li Hung Chang, Vice
roy of Canton, asking him to use his good
< ll-.ccs in proventing a. repetition of the
past outrages in China upon the foreign
ers. The larger part of me Chinese resi
dents bere are natives of Canton and are
looked upon by the Boxers as their nat
ural enemies and consequently many of
the Cantonese have been slaughtered dur
ing the present reign of terror.
The resolutions adopted follow.
The Nir.g Ya-ig Association being one of
th- lar^ett and m.rft representative organ
izations among the Chinese people of the
Et -•• ot California^ at a cj-tclal meeting of
it;- rr.<-n:!*-!s called at its headquarters in
Kr, FrariCisco to consider the prevailing
eor.iiitions ir. the north of China and the
r-;a!:"n :n which those conditions place
the Cbinec* people generally with regard
to \Wstt rn natf'-ns, does, addressing these
words to the i-eople of the city of San
Francisco ar.d Plate of California and to
Uk peopto of the- L'r.ite.1 *=tat»s. say:
We declare our unalterable opposition to
the «>ov:r Society of China, and to all
j>tr=ons t.rtir.g with or In sympathy with
*h»- views cr purposfs of that organization
fo far ajs such obtain or relate to any
opposition whatever to the western peo
ples, in Chlr.a, to the Ministers of western
nations or to the interests in Chlr.a of
the western people.!, commercially, relig
iously cr otherwise.
We declare the Boxer uprising to l« an
insurrection against the Government of
CT.ina and the people who participate jn
It to be marauders, mur<>rers and rob
bers out of law and In every sense erimi
r.als. And «-e cannot too earnestly express
our abhorrence and detestation of these
I«rsor.s £nd their acts fo far as such acts
are against the wettprn people*, and so
far ss they ere against the peaceful, pro
prossive, enlightened and law-abiding FUb
je'-ts of China.
We call upon tfc« peoples of the west
to remark that th«>ir friends have not alone
b<wn sufferers in China by these outrages,
but that the Chinese people themselves have
be*-n slaughtered by thousands by these same
murderous outlaws, and that the Govern
ment of China has been as powerless to
protect these mest valued cf its subjects
as It has been to protect the western peo
ple abiding in their midst.
»• e express our* most profound and heart
felt Fyrr.r-athy with the western people and
¦with she people of the United States for
the Injuries' which they and their friends
have Euftored at th? hand? of these crim
inals, and we say that it is our most ear
nest hope that the armies of the west
now moving upen China will not alone re
tt'.re peace, but will seize and punish with
extrene j-or.altie* these persons who have
t*T tullty o f these atrocities.
We hore. furthermore, that the people
of the wt-s=t will install in China a govern
ment airj>Ie in powrr to protect both the
people of CTilr.a and the foreigners and
straacers who may rtott and abide there
in. And we say that In the interests of
peace End from our knowledge of the
Chinese pocjile end the condition* in that
country that this government should be a
native ' povenirhent. FUpp-.rted by western
anrs. ard that the integrity of the Chi
nese empire and the Immunity of the soil
at China from fereien encroachments is an
absolute e5ST.t!al to the rccurement of con
tiruous peace. The powers should unite
to raise ar.d enlighten China, not to de
*P"!I !t snd hold it In subjection. They
EbouM re« that th^Ir several interests lie
in plvine rein tr> the productive and com
mercial capacities of the people of China.
er.'i not :n making ther.i a servlent people
ur.dcr the dornlr.ancy of an alien militar
ism.
We lc^k eonfMontly to »he fnlted States
to eo intervene and maintain its present
firrr. character in China that the future
peace cf the country will be assured
thmugh the prevention cf further terri
torial encroachments and through the
Ftrcr.irthenln* of the native Government.
Fueta:r.ing it in oper.injr China to the in
fluences cf western civilization and bene
fits, fo that the nation may be brought
rapidly up to a condition of hi«rh and ready
l>r<-.ductivene*s. If any elements of the ex
isting Government .are relieved to be op
po**d to the opening <-,? China to the pro
ductive method* of civilization. *ueh ele
trients Fhruld be a<-j«-f*Hl and their places
taken by these who tre in full accord with
the spirit vrhich pervades those
subjects of China whem the Boxers have
been vlclcuFly s^ekinpr to exterminate.
We further aver that all of the Chinese
r*"r!e in the l"nited Staffs are Cantonese,
cynin* from the routh of China, from the
province of K«ate Tur.tr. which Is ruled hv
the Viceroy Li Hung Chan*: that It Is the
Canfr.'se who are the hieh commercial,
r-rr.igrative people of Chir.a, the people who
t?.k" riskf. r-xpl<~it fields and venture laree
1.u<=inesses. It is we who have dnne so
much to attract the weftern peoples to
CTlna a* a field fo- bunlne*.*. «> have
cime to the-«enem cour.tr!»s to live, to
Ftir up businc-SF her<* In hehalf of China
p.nd to »:.et the western peoples interested
In u; and our ooostiy.
We are In full accord with western ln-
Ftltuticrs srrl abov.» all admire and trust
the Government of «he fnrtiyj States. For
the r?.T5on of our foreign predilections and
of cur exception of the Rood for China In
the ¦western people*, we are hat^d and mur
derously branded by the Boxers and their
coadjutors.
The Bcxer fever migrht. of course, be
come manifest araens certain peoples in the
Canton rrfvir.ee. tut as assart that it
could never be -widespread in that district.
and that the rule of the Viceroy can hold
It in check. Upon the whole, however, the
Cantonese are singled out by the Boxer ele
ment a« being pro-foreign and subjects for
its sword.
We Therefore express our si nearest hopes
that the dispatches of the massacre of the
Minister! 1 ar.d other foreigners in Peking
may prove to N» as unfounded as so many
of the rei>orts which are now Issuing- from
CMr.a. ar.d that the later statements that
the foreigners are safe may be fully con
firmed by telerrarr.s to their respective
Governments, nr.d that very shortly word
will be received from them by their Gov
ernments and friends in the west that
they are all alive and well.
Resolved. That a copy of these resolu
tions be sent to his Kxcllency Wu Ting
Tang throurh the Honorable Ho Vow. Ch<
ne*e Consul General at San Francisco, with
the request that they be presented t« the
rver*rtrr>ent of Ptate of ;he I'nlted States
at W'ash'ngon. D. C. and that they be
giver to the press of the country-
Dated ot Fan Fmncjsco July IS. 1300.
CHINESE HOLD TWO
MASS MEETINGS
Presidio Officials Prepare to Ac
commodate 10,000 Men En
Route to Seat of War.
RUSH ORDERS OF
WAR DEPARTMENT
NOTED CHINESE REFORMER
ESCAPES ASSASSINATION
Sikh Guard at Singapore Prevents the' Death of
Kang Yu Wei, the Foe of the
Empress Dowager,
THE ;.,SAN_ FRAN.GISCO CALL,. THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
IMPETUS TO FILIPINO INSURRECTION
Go.
3
The Philadelphia
Shoe Company
Invites you to have yourself fitted to
a pair of Governor Pingree's famous
"Gloria"
boots for wcm:n. fj> O C f\
THEY Jrlr^k*-*'
COST *A?\J~
And are an uncommon boot at an
ordinary price. You can put them
risht on and FORGET all about YOUR
FEET.
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS.
tO Third St.. San Francisco.
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO
IBVINO INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles. IIM
California st.. will reopen August 6. 1300. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary department
for children: carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding anl
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity. Vassar and Smith College*.
SARAH I>. HAMLIN. Principal.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
S02 Montgomery St.. San I'rancisco. CaJ.
Lessons personally and by mail. Acknowledged
by of flcial reporters "best teachers, best system. "
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy. Alaraeda, haa
been removed to Irvlngton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate, unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and crounds in-
vited. "W. W. ANDERSON. PrincipaL
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
I QQQ MARKET ST.— Actual business bock-
IZOO keeping; only expert accountant*
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand.
the easiest, fastest and most readable. Day
and evening.
POLYTECHNIC gggL^i 5
Sreat Business Training and Shorthand School.
Has the larzest and best equipped d*pts. in th*
West. 300 young men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. Cat.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages for t2!c
care and tralninz of boys and young men.
Charming surroundings, perfect climate. TcirJi
year begins August 6. Send fcr catalogue.
IRA Q. H0ITT. Pn. U. Principal.
NEWSPAPER £aSaz.ne
Illustration. PARTINGTON'S resumes August
1. Day and nUtht classes. Apply R. L. PAKT-
INGTON. 424 Pine St.. S. F.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Est. 1S77. Men and women tauerht In one
month the science of navigating a vessel around
the world. Privately if desired. Marine en*i-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. VON
SCHOEN. M E.. etc.. principal. <2 Market St.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees; seminary course accredited to tha
Universities; rare epportunities offered In music,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MRS.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. CaL
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Auc 8. VjO\
ST. MATTHEW'S MIL S.
SAN MATEO. CAI* For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
Boarding and Day School for Girls— 233S Chan-
nlngr way. Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant home life,
large garden, gymnasium: accredited to Unlver-
<lty ef California. Stanford University. Vassar
ar.d Smith Colleges. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term ocens August 8. 1900.
Miss Head's School, Berkeley.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Gymr.a3lura. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEQIK3 ACGT7ST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
ni? at tvq ETrcrwro pot t wv
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; has a>
national reputation, and waa one of tb« (>»
schools selected to represent the development
cf commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17.000 graduates successfully apply*
inic their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed in positions; 35 teachers: open Qm entin*
year; new 80-pace catalogues free.
jgj|ij©a£6e$).
J!§illllF? < nT?3 r A
i Quirt Bottles, $3^
ExsrfM Coarsen rrepatd.
HIGHEST GRADE" FOR MEDICINAL CU
fam.My use. We jrlve you tne benefit of ta-»
middlemen's profit; besides, you are suaraateed
The certalcty of
J^lff PURE WHISKEY -99
Xothtrg on case to indicate content*, llone/
refunded If not satisfactory. Twice me prlco
could buy no better. Reference, any bustarsa
firm and commercial agencies.
F, HP RAl.M & CO.. D .millers' Agents.
ISMontaom;rv M.. S- F., Ca!.
IVte Agents Frenoh Colony Vineyard Cc Inc.
STUDIES WILL. BE RESUMED MONDAY.
August t. 1900. Dolores st.. near Sixteenth.
Sttn Francisco. California.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind, dis-
courages and lessens ambition: beauty, vigor
<^ l . t «. and cheerfulness soon
4'£i___Jr3 disappear when the kid-
•w^ZZK^^^ neys are out of order
-Uftm^il/-jtfr == ** or diseased -
~ynu^^Sbr~ . Kidney trouble has
" ?Ifpr'*s£^j : become so prevalent
/^/vw^Wvlr— J fcr a child ta *« bcrn
/»' IV\ vM^trSSi* affiicted with weak kid-
reys. if the child urin-
-i^Sr-**^*"*" ates too often, if the
urine scalds the flesh or if, when the child
reaches an age when it should bs able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon it. the cause of
the difficulty is kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towards the treatment of
these important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of the
kidneys and bladder and not to a babit as
most people suppose.
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble.
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect cf
Swamp-Root Is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- f^-ffi^ ¦
cent and one dollar &}i»&£Zfr£i*i2li!£&\
sizes. You mav have a P^ffi?F^Sa
sample bottle by. mail^^^Si^gwggg
free, also pamphlet tsll- rtom« of Swatn^Roct
ing all about it. including many of the
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Binghamton. N. Y., be sure and
mention this paper.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
DR. XIUfiEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORT SCHOOL
for the university, law ar.d medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan bulldinr.Archbishop Riordan En Route.
Tries to End Her Life.
Mamio McCann.also known as Mamie
Peck, swallowed a slight dope of carbolic
acid last night in a house at 26 Stockton
street. • She was taken to tho Receiving
Hospital. The woman was despondent,
she said, because of the desertion of her
lover, a man named Peck. A short time
ago Peck deserted his wife to live with
the McCann woman and then in turn de
serted her.
L. DOUGLAS ADAM DEPARTS.
Former Assistant City Editor of The
Call Off for Japan.
L. Douglas Adam, former assistant city
editor of The Call, sails for Japan on the
steamer Rio to-day, accompanied by hia
wife. Mr. Adam had been for many years
connected with the editorial staff of thl3
Journal, and Is one of the best known ex
ecutive newspaper men on the coast. Hi3
departure to new fields was deeply re
gretted by his associates, and as a token
of their esteem they called him Into th«
"local room" prior to his departure and
gave him their best wishes and a hand
some gold watch and chain. The time
piece bore tho following inscription:
TO
I* DOtT.LAS ADAM.
From His Friends In the Service of
The Call.
In Tcken of Their Kinily F*»elins
Toward Him They Present This on
July 13. 190*
When He Is About to L*^ve Them.
during the day were: "Shorthand as a
Stepping Stone,'*- by George W. Smith,
San Francisco; "Trying Moments In a Re
porter's LJfe," by L. J. Girvin, Santa
Barbara; "Women as Stenographers," by
Mrs. M. V. Collins, San Francisco; "Some
Experiences," Frank Shay, San Fran
cisco; "Success by Practice," R. S.
Gray. San Francisco; "Shorthand as a
Life Work," E. S. Belden, San Francisco.
had won in the battle for polit
ical recognition and held the re
ceipt of a faithful emissary, if not of Gov
ernor Gage, of the secretary of his adviser
Burns, Edward C. Conroy. v'V : ;
Ferren was among the first to fall a vic
tim to Wilbur. Ferren was directed to
Wilbur by one who said that hia
against James Harrison Kelley. desertion;
CHara J. Mitchell against Robert C. Mit
chell, cruelty; Caroline Collins against
Charles Henry Collins, desertion; William
H. McCormick against Lillie V. McCor
mick, desertion. _,
Divorces were granted as follows: Dora
J. Klokner from William Klokner. by
Judge Hebbard, on the ground of deser
tion.
Maude M. Cole from Willoughby Cole,
for failure to provide. The plaintiff was
allowed to assume her former name of
Maude W. Johnston. Cole Is a practicing
attorney of Los Angeles and is n son of
ex-Senator Cole. Mrs. Colo resides with
Mr. and Mrs. Howard F. Barbler at ,1465
Fulton street. « .;?;--
Lizzie Schepper has filed an answer in
the suit for divorce filed >aga!nst her by
Charles Schepper. in which she charges
him with infidelity.
Swan Anderson in his answer to a di
vorce suit brought by Anna S. Anderson
denies all the allegations .made in the
original complaint.
The tug Sea Queen was sent out for the
derelict* but Its crew could see nothing,
and after an hour's cruise about the vi
cinity gave up the search and returned.
Early this morning Captain John Haw
kins and Clyde Williams reported at the
Harbor Police Station that they consti
tuted the crow of the schooner Edna and
that while on the way from Tiburon to
this city with a load of fire wood the
schooner became waterlogged off Angel
Island, and drifted out toward the heads.
The men stuck to the vessel until she
reached Fort Point and then abandoned
her. got into the small boat and pulled
to Clay street wharf. The derelict is a
menace to navigation.
?- % .'?'?; ».-4*r»-<f>-»-3> r »-$>-»- ¦£-?- ¦"&-?• -<$-?-
llsans; he is "unable to deliver the goods"
through what he jays is the treachery of
Edward Conroy. Wilbur's sworn state
ment of the facts as he says they exist
appears in the form of an affidavit.
The affidavit is now in the possession of
Attorney Cleveland I* Dam. who has been
retained by those upon whom the ten
tacles of the' political squids fastened.
Attorney Dam is now striving to; at least
recover the money advanced by his clients
in return for a promise of official recog
nition, but before the end he may appear
in the courts as special prosecutor' of a
gang of. swindling politicians.
Mr. Conroy may tell the story In his
own vindication: perhaps he will tell it
before the Grand Jury for the same pur
popes cr to furnish additional evidence
against any party who may hereafter be
charged with having conspired with others
to cheat and defraud by means which are
in themselves criminal and to obtain
mo:ipy or property by pretenses known to
be false. .'' .':-•:
Wlicn Conroy, secretary of Daniel SI."
Burn?, r-ecrctary of the Pilot Commis
sion and acting chairman of the Repub
lican County; Committee, gives his testi
mony in hi3 own behalf those In the above
list, victims of the political swindlers, say
he must produce evidence to beat down
the allegations of Wilbur. Wilbur, as ap.
r^ars from the affidavit, says in brief that
he approached Eddie Conroy with a prop,
ositlOTi that certain persons were willing
to subscribe to the campaign fund In re
turr. for a promise that they would be
rc:r.<m!;cred by those in power. He
further .says .Conroy asked that a
limit*-* 1 , number c-f carpenters be assureQ
that their proposition was favorably re
celyrd. From each, Wilbur continues in
his affidavit, was to be exacted the prom.
Auditor Wells Will Not Sign.
The demand for $500, appropriated by
the Supervisors for expenses of a visit of
Inspection to L,ake Tahoc, was presented
to Auditor Wells yesterday, but that of
ficial refused to sign it. He gave as a
reason that it was made payable out of
a wrong fund. Arrangements had been
completed for a start to-morrow, and as
it will take at least ten days to pass an
order appropriating the money out of the
proper fund, it is likely the members of
richer, 21 Mafiison avenue; A. A. I,ord. 31
Madison avenuo; Potcr Pann. 300U Third
Ftrr*>t: William Fallon, 310'i Valley street;
H. M. Robinson, Pinole, and EL A. Perry, I
SO South Park. All of these men— men \
whope hands t^ll of incessant toil— with j
the exception of Perry, have been drawn
tsto the web rnd fleeced. Now, however,
they are forced to the necessity of teach
ing with an exposure the gospel of venge- !
ance to the vagabonds who preached to
them the gospel of prosperity with false
promise?, criminal compacts and oaths,
made only to be broken.
Shortly after the last election
when Ftorics of the plums that re
mained for distribution in the hands of
Governor Henry T. Cage, and those upon
whom he first bestowed his official pleas
ure, became generally circulated, thou
sands flocked to the offices through which
it was said V.t> gubernatorial ear could be
reached. Barnacles of politics— men whose
«-nly hope for gain lay in their influence
with those in power— were the most pro:n
inent.
Among th!= army of seekers for patron
age, however, were Fcores of laborers
a-tiyarr*. rapr-Ji.ir.ios r,nd mon learned !n
other crafts. It v.as these latter who
w«»re seized upon by ihore. who pretended,
and Whose pretensienk sowned to have a
fair basis in fact, to liave access to tho
official oar. The P.oard of Hcslth was In
a 5:ate of chaotic eruption, and here those
who fim looked for fff.cial pleasure first
centered tfcoir eyos. Af:»*r a politics! bat
it*-, the details o£ which ;:rr> v.x-il romrm
ber<»d by ih<; people oX 'ii!s c!ty .ir.'i State,
attention was turnod to the water front.
over which ihe Hoard v.f Harbor Cpjatnl*:
sioncrr. through thf> uktution of the Gov
ernor the Stat»\ h?ld* power. Hor<
i«y coriFp'raur*, who.-' 1 narr.fs wi'l be frc-
Qif itiy mentioned hereaTtar, centered
ONE OF THE INCRIMINATING DOCUMENTS IN THE STORY OP POLITICAL CORRUPTION.
ANOTHER OF E. D. WILBUR'S RECEIPTS.
Divorce Proceedings.
The following divorce suits were filed
yesterday: Anne Florence Piper Kelley
A message was sent to the Merchants'
Towboat Company last evening to the ef
fect that a waterlogged schooner was
drifting In the bay near Alcatraz Island.
ABANDONED THEIR
WATERLOGGED CRAFT
Special Meeting Will Be Held in De
cember to Discuss Needful
Legislation.
"The closing session of the State Stenog
raphers' Association attracted a larger
attendance than on the first day.
The subject of shorthand legislation was
given considerable attention and so im
portant did the members deem it that a
special committee was appointed to handle
the question involved. It was decided to
hold a special meeting of the Association
on December S to hear the report of the
committee and at that time to formulate
a bill to be introduced at the next session
of the legislature to regulate the appoint
ment of official court reporters and to fix
their remuneration. This committee is
composed of J. S. Holland of San Fran
cisco, C. F. "Whitton, Oakland; F. J.
Brownlee. Redding; W. K. Strong, Eu
reka, and I. Benjamin, San Bernardino.
These gentlemen will receive suggestions
and from them will formulate a plan of
action. Just now there is a wide differ
ence of opinion as to which is better
salary or fees.
One of the interesting 1 features of the
day was the exhibition of rapid writing
on the blackboard given by Robert F.
Gallagher of this city, secretary of the as
sociation. A portion of a murder trial
transcript was read to him and he took it
down, without a single error, at the rate
of 267 words a minute, and then com
plained that the dictation was not rapid
enough for him. At practice on the previ
ous evening, in the presence of a number
of members of the association, he attain
ed a speed of 286 words, which he claims
to be the limit for blackboard work.
Charles F. Whitton of Oakland read
a paper on "An Old Reporter,"
which was an interesting recital of the
life and work of Andrew J. Marsh, found
er of the Marsh system of stenography.
Other good papers read and discussed
A -?-<§-? -^-?-yJ>-*-4> -?- <t> -?—$-?— <fr ? <$ ?
CLOSING SESSION OF
THE STENOGRAPHERS
One-Twelfth Provision of Charter
Makes Only $200 per Month
Available.
The operation of the one-twelfth act
which has been incorporated in the char
ter may be answerable for the failure of
those, holding demands against the fund
for the Fourth of July celebration to be
paid the money legallv due them until
July 1. 1901. The fund set aside for th~
celebration was $2T.OO. but the committee
having the affair in charge expended only
S2365. and Acting Mayor Tobin. who in
the absence of Mayer Phelan has control
of the # expenditures and their payment,
sent a 'demand for the money to the Au
ditor yesterday.
Auditor Wells found himself in a quan
dary, as the charter specifically provides
that it shall be unlawful to pay any de
mand which shall exceed one-twelfth part
of the amount of the total appropriation.
According" to this larguage; only a little
over J200 monthly will be available to
pay the expenses of the Fourth of July
celebration, and the last proportion will
be collectable In June of next year.
A number of those having bills against
the fund visited Acting Mayor Tobln yes
terday and he promised to devise soma
way out of the difficulty. It may be nec
essary for the Supervisors- to pass an or
dinance exempting the fund from the one
twelfth provision, though even that course
may be deemed illegal, following the clear
language of the charter. The $000 appro
priation for the twelve clerks on the
Board of Equalization may be similarly
affected and they may be able to collect
but $6 monthly during the next twelve
months until their demands have been
fully paid. Wells has submitted the ques
tion to his attorneys, Lloyd & Wood.
PAYMENT OF FOURTH OF
JULY DEMANDS DELAYED
ise that $50 was to be paid into the hands
of Wilbur for others' uses. From each
was also to^Aie exacted two promissory
notes of $25 each, one payable at the enu
of the ilrst month of labor in the new
position, the second at the termination of
the second month. In the face of these
conditions, Wilbur alleges, Conroy di
rected iie should exact from seekers of
political patronage a portion of tfre origi
nal sum demanded to seal the bargain.
From some amounts as small as ?15 was
received, but In these instances the politi
cal sharks exacted an additional promise
that when the position was ready for oc
cupancy, when the "goods were there for
delivery," he upon whose head the fortune
had fallen would have to make good the
balance of the first $50 installment due,
whether It was begged, borrowed or
stolen, else the position that waited for
him would pass into the keeping of one
more fortunate in the matter of finance.
James Wood, whose name appears among
the victims of the clique, of which E. D.
Wilbur acted as "middleman" and who
charges under oath, at least by Innuendo,
that he was but the slave of Edward C.
Conroy, ex-bookmaker and now dictator
In a small but fruitful field, has a better
right than any to wish and prophesy the
end of crimes of the like of which he is a
victim. Pretty babies brighten the home
of Mr. Wood. For some time he has found
labor scarce, and when, at the solicitation
of a friend, he turned a listening ear to
the gilded promises of Wilbur and his
clique he saw hope ahead for better times
for him and his.
Wilbur's Statement.
In the early part of* 1899, during the
months of May and June of that year, i
Wilbur went forth,-as his affidavit at least
by Innuendo certifies, at the instance of
Edward C. Conroy, to drag within the*
meshes of his net those men seeking em
ployment who could be induced to dis
gorge, even though small amounts, in re
sponse to promises of political situations.
So skillfully did he handle the duty placed
in his hands that for months those unfor
tunate artisans who paid money for the
promises of Wilbur walked the streets,
happy in the thought that at last they
influence was sufficient to place
him. Wilbur's first demand was
for $50 and two promissory notes, In ac
cordance with the terms stated. Ferren
produced $40 in gold, gave his pVomlse to
pay $10 more on receiving his position,
and to honor the notes when they became
due. Satisfied that he would receive con
sideration at least, he went away satis
fied that the future would see him in a
State position. As the weeks passed he
became impatient. Seeking for Wilbur he
often found him busy, while around him
hovered the forms of others of Ferren's
craft. Each became suspicious that Wil
bur held more money and more promis
sory notes than his, and finally these
men were drawn together by common im
pulse, and then the game Wilbur had
played and lost became known.
Wilbur was approached by one he had
fleeced with a promise of a position as a
carpenter on the water front and was In
formed that the time had come for the
"delivery of the goods" or the return of
the money. The date of immunity of pub
lication set forth in .the. various receipts
had expired. Wilbur was, stampeded. He
hurried, he says to Conroy's office and a
meeting was arranged in the offices' or
Daniel M. Burns. Promises of a speedy
settlement were made. The return oZ
Burns was all that stood in the way of
the settlement of the matter. An
other meeting was held In Burns' office.
Again a temporary respite was prayed by
Wilbur. A third meeting was held in the
Palace Hotel and Wilbur decided to take,
a trip to Los Angeles and lay the case
before the Governor.
The Governor could offer no suggestion
or relief and Wilbur hurried home
and promised that after the extra ses
sion, at which time it was hoped the
Governor would pass his now "celebrated"
reorganization law, positions would be
open by. the score and all would be re
membered by his Excellency or his ad
visers.
The extra session came. Still no posi
tions were forthcoming and, though ad
mitting the right of the dupes to positions,
Conroy refused to admit knowledge of
the transaction by which Wilbur's victims
relinquished ownership of golden twen
ties. McKerricher, who with his asso
ciates waited for his position or the re
turn of his money, was finally assured,
he asserts, by Mr. Bailey, a brether-ln
law of Daniel M. Burns, that if his posi
tion depended upon Conroy It w T as all
right. This relieved for a time the ten
sion of those who had been fleeced, but
finally they placed their cases In the
hands of Attorney Dam.
In a book in Burns' private vault, which
is under the control of Edward C. Conroy,
there appear the names of Perry, Fallen
and Tate. These men, notwithstanding
that they have been assured that this
means sure recognition for them, have
joined with their associates for the com
mon weal and will stand to the end In
the fight for the sold they earned by the
sweat of their brows.
No political crime in the annals of Cali
fornia politics has carried more unhappi
ness into thejjemes of toilers than have
these promises made with lying lips.
morning In the tea hcuse of A. Schilling
& Co.. 24 to 25 Jessie street, owned by tho
Pacific Power Company. The building and
contents were badly damaged, the loss
approbating $2<)..VK). The Crown Gold Mill
ing Company. California Mantel Com
pany, Ideal Muslin Underwear Company.
California shell jewelry factory. Janssen'9
job printing establishment and McGee
ney's book bindtry were alsn damaged,
the loss to these aggro«ratlng $15.00i>. The
origin of the flir> is ascribed to sponta
neous combustion.
Mrs. Collins' paper excited considerable
discussion, which was entirely good natur
ed Some of the gentlemen were inclined
to'be hostile to ladles, who, although in
competent, accepted official positions that
were secured through "pull." The opinion
was expressed, too, that the work of offi
cial court reporting is too heavy for
women. Mrs. Weeks of San Benito made
a. vigorous defense of the ladies and. com
pletely routed the men who had so freely
exprcssed their opinions.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, L. E. Bontz,
San Jose; first vice president, J. L. Hol
land, San Francisco; second vice presi
dent, K. A. Girvin, San Francisco; third
vice president, C. F. "Whitton, Oakland:
secretary-treasurer. Robert F. Gallagher.
San Francisco. The committees are as
follows:
Executive Committee— A. L. Coombs. San
Francisco: E. A. Girvin, San Francisco; W. K.
Strong Eureka; Leo Longrley. Los Angelea;
Hervoy Darneal. Oakland; Frank C. Drew, San
Francisco; William Held Jr.. Uklah; Fred J.
Brownlee, RecMirz; J. E. Rich, San Ber
ni Comrn"ntee on Ethics— Charles F. Whitton
Oakland; Georffe W. Smith. San Francisco;
Charles H. Adams. Santa Rosa.
Committee on Membership — Robert F. Gal
lagher, San Francisco; Mrs. M. V. Collins, San
Francisco; F. H. McAllister, Los Apgrsles 1 ,
Charles R. Gagan, San Francisco; .W. C. Bls
sell. Placer.
I the committee will pay their own expenses
and wait to be reimbursed.
As Lake Tahoe Is partly In Nevada It
wiil be necessary, according to the char
ter, for the officials to get .permission
from tbe Acting Mayor to leave the State.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, City and Connty of San Francisco, as.
E. r>. WILBUR, l»eln»c fir«t dnly sworn, depones mid najn: I am m. resident of tlte City and
Connty of San Francisco, residing: at 3- Ellis street In nnl«l city and county; at rarlons times Mince
the lMt day c»f Mny, 1809. I collected from the following; named persons vnrlons amounts of money with
«lie nnderslnndlnR tlint encli one nlionld receive n position upon the water front under the Hoard of
Stnti* Hnrbor Commissioners, or tliat tlie money so collected would be refunded in case said position
was not obtained as promised. ¦
As above ntnted. I collected from JOIIX L. FERREN the sum of 940; from JOHN ISELE the turn
of $SO and two notes in the sum of $25 each; from II. A. WflST tlte sum of $5O and two notes In the
(turn of $25 each; from .1 A. MISS WOODS tlie mini of $15 and two notes in the ihuiii of $25 each; from T. J.
TAIT the Mum of $50 and tno notes in the sum of JJ125 each; from WILLIAM FALLOX tlte snm of $50 and
two notes In the snm of $25 each; from II. M. RODIXSOX, the iam of Q20 and two notes In the sum of
jj(25 eachl from I'KTKIt 5>A.\.V tlie snm of .•?.*<> nml two notes In the sum of $25 each; from It. McKER
RICHEH the snm of S?50 and two notes in the sum of $25 each, and again from n. McKGRniCHER, for A.
A. LOUD, the i)um of s?">0: the above amount* ko collected aggregating in all $425 in cash actually paid
to me, besides the individual notes hereinbefore ntated.
I hnd npokvn to one ED COXROV in rcRard to placing? some men on the front, stating: that thej
were willing to put up some money for campaign purposes, and he readily assented on a limited ntim
hcr of carpenters, to placing these men, on the patting up of $50 each In cash and two notes for $25
each, payuiilc one and two months respectively, after their obtaining positions. I was led to believe
at nil times that tlte positions were secure and that there would be no doubt of .the truthfulness of
CON'ROY'S word concerning snid positions.
As soon as I had collected from each and every one of said persons hereinbefore named, I tnrneil
the money no collected immediately over to Mr. Conroy, -who save no receipt and had instructed
me to give no receipt to the men for said money collected, though I had given two receipts, one to
Mr. Ferren and one to .Mr. WoikIk. .Mr. Conroy. had pat me off in various ways from time to time
in plncins: the men. All sorts of excuses were offered, until I found out he was acting: in bad faith.
My object in niuklns thin amdavit is to vindicate' myself, becanse those who advanced the
money to me have demanded cither the money or the position as promised, and as I am in no posi
tion to make good either, J desire to have the burden of this matter rent where It properly belongs.
E. D. "WILBUR.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thin lOth day of July, 1OOO.
JA.MES MASOX,
Notary Public in and for the City and County of San Francisco, State of California.
GO-BETWEEN WILBUR MAKES AFFIDAVIT
MECHANICS PAY HEAVY PRICE FOR
LYING PROMISES INTO HANDS OF
E. D. WILBUR, WHO SWEARS
EDWARD C. CONROY WAS
DIRECTOR OF THE - •
SWINDLE.
CLEVELAND DAM.
t m % £N men, nine of whom de-
H pend upon the labor of their
hands to support their fami
lies, have been made, according to
their declarations, the dupes of un
scrupulous political tricksters, who,
they assert, received from them
money for official places to which
they were never appointed.
The person directly accused by th.3
men is E. D. Wilbur, to whom they
claim they paid hard-earned coin and
promissory notes in return for prom
ises of places on the water front.
Wilbur makes affidavit that he paid
the money over to Edward C. Conroy,
Dan M. Burns' private secretary, end
also secretary to the Pilot Commis
sion and, in the absence of Colonel
George Stone, chairman of the Re
publican State Central Committee,
upon Mis premise that he could place
the men in positions. Conroy denies
that Wilbur gave him any mon-y,
and eays he did not authorize Wilbur
to promise any positions.
The ten men say that they paid to
Wilbur S5O cash each, with the ex
ception cf one who paid S4O, and that
each of them gave in addition two
promissory notes for $25. They
never received the places and began
angrily to demand the return of their
money. The unfortunate men declare
they have had meetings with Conroy
in Burns' office, and that he has told
them to keep quiet until the return
cf Dan Burns, when he would return
their money to them." Hestitution has
r.ever been made, the men say, and
now they openly accuse Wilbur and
Ccnrov.
I»Ien Who Paid the Money.
Those who cay they have been robber
by a clique of conspirators are H. A
West. MS Howard street: James Wood
1217 Dcvisadcro street. John Isele, r»51 A
Bryant street; A. J. Tatc, M South Park
J. L. Ferren. i.25 Turk street: It. McKcr-
their indentions to consummate a con
spiracy to fleece the unwary for personal
gain through means within the law if
possible, criminally if necessary.
Many Laborers Sought Places.
Among the most prominent of the con
spirators Is E. D. Wilbur, whose name
appears on the book in the possession of
Kddie Conroy, secretary of D. M. Burns,
secretary to the Pilot Commission and
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee during the absence of Colonel
Stone, as the proposed janitor to the
Fr-rry building-. Mr. Wilbur to-day holds
in his possession the promissory notes of
half a score of men well known among
the craftsmen of this city. From each of
T. J. TATE. t
these men he has collected various sums.
What he has done with this money he
v.-fll be called upon to explain. Edward
Conroy, secretary of Dan Burns, may
likewise be asked to tell the story
of the purpose to which this money
was put. It was paid by these
craftsmen for the purpose of securing po
sitions with the Harbor Commissioners.
These "positions" none who paid the
money have yet secured. To them, un
der oath, and with an evasive, cringing 1
effort to escape their wrath and perhaps
a criminal charge, -Wilbur has made affi
davit that though he has received the
hard-earned coin of this half-score of ar-
BARTERED POSITIONS ON WATER FRONT
AND FILCHED GOLD OF MANY TOILERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,^ JULY 19, 19T)0.
RECEIPT FROM E. D. WILBUR TO JOHN L. FERREN, ONE OF HIS VICTIMS. SHOWING AMOUNT PAID
BY HIM IN CONSIDERATION OF A PROMISE OF A POLITICAL. POSITION.
Fire in the Schilling Tea House.
A fire started at 3 o'clock -yesterday
Hands Burned by Friction.
John Moore, an employe of the Rlsdon
Iron Works, was fixing a smokestack at
Ninth arid Bryant streets yesterday morn
ing. He grasped a rope about forty feet
from the ground to descendrand obtained
such an Impetus that his hands were
burned to the bone through the friction.
He had them dressed at the Receiving
Hospital.
A dispatch was received from Chicago
last night statins? that Archbishop Rior
dan had left on the evening train of tho
Northwestern Railroad. It U uncertain
whether he will stop at Salt Lake City for
a short rest or come direct.
EDDIE CONROY.
J. L. FERREN'.
4Thomas Reaches Manila.
WASHINGTON. July IS.— The adjutant
prr-oral received a cable message from
General MarArthur announcing the ar
rival at Manila of the transport Thomas.
This vessel lpft San Francisco June 16.
vith seven officers and twenty-three men
of the hospital eorp? and 3CC<* recruits, in
command of Major Charles A. Williams
cf the Seventeenth Infantry.
Wedded at Placerville.
Special Dis-patch to The Call.
PLACERVILLB, July 18.-John Blair
Alderson, cashier of the Commercial
Bank of T. Alderson of this city, and Miss
.Eleanor B. Schlaler, for years one of the
most popular and successful teachers in
the public schools of Placerville, were
married at the homo of the bride's pa
rents in this city at 9 o'clock this morn
ins, ltev. George K. Bird, pastor of tha
First Presbyterian Church of this city,
pronounced the words that made the hap
py couple husband and wife. Mr. and
Mrs. Alderson left on the noon train for a
short visit to Southern California.
Pole Line Completed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 18.— The pole line of the
Standard Electric Company, which is util
izing the great water power of Blue
Lakes, has been completed to San Jose.
A large storage station, the building for
which was completed some time apo, will
be maintained at the Electric Improve
ment Company's plant near the narrow
gauge depot.
Dismissed From the Service.
WASHINGTON. July 18. -Captain
Frank S. Whitman, Twenty-ninth Infan
try, havinc arrived at San F'rjincisco and
tendered his resignation, has been "dis
charged for the good of the service" by
the President, to take effect July 31.
Dr. Nihskian, Who Lost Much Dur
ing Armenian Trouble, Will Go
to Constantinople. •
KANSAS CITY. July IS.— Dr. Petros F.
Nlhskian, an Armenian, will start for
Constantinople on Monday next to try to
recover valuable property of his family
confiscated during the Armenian trouble
in Turkey in 1836, whsn his father, mother
and brothers were thrown Into prison In
Smyrna on the belief that he was a plot
ter against the Sultan. ,
Dr. Nihsklan was a member of the
American Masonic Order of the Mystic
Shrine and his photograph, with the sym
bolic .word "Ararat" and rod fez of the or
der, pot Into the hands of the Turks, who
confounded It with the Mount Ararat in
Armenia, professing to bolieve that he
was an agent of an Armenian revolution
ary plot started In the United States. Al
though the mistake was explained by the
State Department and the innocent per
} sons released, after thirty days 1 imprison
ment, the danger to all Armenians was so
! great that the Nihskians abandoned their
large tobacco business at Smyrna and
I fled to America on a man of war. Dr
Nihsklan has become prominent in Kan
sas City as a chemist, and the rest of his
family are at Fresno, Cal. Recently the
Sultan issued an edict that the property
confiscated would be restored, and. forti
fied with his naturalization papers and
passporrs Dr. Nihskian will essay the re
covery of his family possessions.
Injured by Fest Train.
JOHNSTOWN. Pa., July 18.-"v\'hlle 2000
persons were waiting at the Pennsylvania
station here to go with the A. O. U. W.
excursion to I^akemont Park, near Al
toona, to-day, a fast freight train ran Into
the crowd, injuring fiv; persons. The in
lured: J. C. Iiegley, Wynburg; Mrs. Bejr
lev (will die): Beprley child, 1 year old
(will die): Frank Urbaugh Sr. and Frank
Urbaugh Jr.
SEEKS TO RECOVER HIS
PROPERTY FROM TURKEY
REV. MR. JAMES' COMPANION
IS BEING INVESTIGATED
Suspicion That He Drugged the Min
ister on Shipboard, Hoping to
Secure a Fortune.
McPIIERSON, Kans., July 18.— Friends
of Rev. T. II. James, the Kansas minis
ter who returned from London las^ week
in a dazed condition after wandering in
England for two months, are investigat
ing the record of the Episcopal clergyman
who accompanied James across the ocean.
Another consultation of physicians has re
sulted in a reiteration of the belief that
James was drugged while on shipboard
on the way to claim his fortune, and sus
picion is directed against his companion.
James' companion represented himself as
having a church In California, but word
from the Bishop of California received to
day states that no such man is rector
there nor has been Jn years. This lends
further color to the alleged bad record of
the supposed clergyman. James remains
in an exhausted condition and his mind is
still clouded as to his movements abroad.
BOARD OF TRADE QUOTATIONS
WILL BE DISCOfJTINUED
Both Telegraph Companies Have De
cided to Cease the Service Here
tofore Maintained.
CHICAGO, July 18.— Both the Postal and
Western Union telegraph companies have
decided to abandon their Board of Trade
quotations after July 21.
The decision to abolish the service is tho
result of failure to arrive at an agree
ment with the board of directors regard-
Ing the terms which the telegraph com
panies considered as unjust and as to the
restrictions the Board of Trade desired
the telegraph companies to exercise in tha
service of the quotations outside of Chi
cago In spite of sundry decisions of the
courts.
The telegraph companies say the quota
tion service is the life of the Board of
Trade and predict much trouble if It Is
discontinued. The directors of the board
say however, that the companies' action
provides a solution of the bucket-shop
problem-
PBESS CLTJBS' CONVENTION.
H- L. Baggerly of This City and Oth
ers Address International League.
NEW YORK, July 18.— The Interna
tional League of Press Clubs held a meet
ing in New Orange. N. J., to-day. Tho
president of the league. Thomas J. Kee
nan of Pittsburg, was installed in the
office. The site of the proposed journal
ists' home was formally accepted from
the New Orange Industrial Association
and speeches were made by President
Keenan, Thomas N. Evans, Mrs. Belva
Lockwood. Ralph Blngham, H. L. Bag
gerly of San Francisco and T. H. Han
away. After the meeting the visitors
were entertained at an ox roast given by
John W. Callaway of Georgia.
WRECK IN OREGON.
Passenger Train Crashes Into the
Bear End of a Freight.
PENDLBTON. Or.. July lS.-At Cayuse
station, on the main line of the O. R. and
X., this morning the westbound Portland-
Chicago fast passenger train crashed into
the rear end of a freight train which was
standing on the track at the station. A
light engine was also at the rear of 'tho
freight train and was crashed into the
caboose.
Both engines, the caboose and three cars
are badly wrecked. Engineer Mathenson
and Fireman William Guion of the pas
fongcr train and Iirakcman Sanders were
slightly injured. No passengers were
badly hurt. - .-.; •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July IS.— OH claims
j have been located along Bollnas beach
and the long-known oil Indications there
1 are about to be prospected. J. D. Mor
] pan. C. A. Bailey. J. H. Blandy. J. Par
j-kln. T. R. Thomas. C. G. Bailey, H. Fran
cis and A. Bromwell are the namci" of
the locators. The locations purport to be
made under authority of the United States
statutes and extend from low water mark
out Into the sea. The claim is 10,500 by CCO
feet.
Indications or the existence of oil !n
that locality liave long been noticed and
attempts have been made at different
time* to prospect the country. Near Dux
bury R*»ef at low tide there is a crack in
the "bedrock, from which escapes natural
gue. This may be lit and will burn until
the incoming tide extinguishes the flaine.
Houston Jones, a prospector. sorr.«
years ago created quite a sensatioa by
tinding small deposits of coal in the nel^b
boihcod. The main difficulty experienced
in r.rcspectlng has been the impossibility
of getting permission or making terms'
with the land owners. If the Government
will grant the present locators a title to
the beach, extensive developing work will
be commenced and the value or the Una
ascertained.
A Company Formed Which
Claims to Have Govern
ment's Permission.
-»
Indications of Oil Have Often Been
Found in the Vicinity, but as Yet
No Active Prospecting
Has Been Done.
WILL BORE
FOB OIL ALONG
BOLIHAS BEACH
LO!*DON", Jt^y IX.— Fully 50,000 persons
fcttesded to-day's meeting of tho world's
'convention of the Young People's Society
cf Christian Endeavor, the special feature
cf the programme being the delivery of
.nieEsa^es fro:n the churches. Tho Rev.
f Hugh Price Hughes, president of the
".Vesleyan Cor.ferer.ee. said he conveyed
Jrorn 3,0l.'3/'X» Mc-thodlsta of Great Britain
the desire to form an alliance with every
'true ECldier of Christ.
Tte Bev. Mandell Crelgrhtoa of London
txtecded to the Christian Endeavor So-
ciety the heartiest welcome of his diocese
ex d assurance of the sympathy with their
•work of tho large body of Christians he
represented.
Dr. Parker of tho City Temple urg-ed
£r.<5ea.vorers to nominate Rev. Francis
T.. Clark and Rev. Cnatles M. Sheldon for
the highest offices in the United States,
bs Christian men should be at the bead of
xhir.es.
The United States Embassador, Joseph
H. Choate, and the archdeacon of London,
ttct sympathetic messages.
Ihe alternooa niefcu:.j; was devoted to i
national rallies, ¦were characterized ;
by Intense enthusiasm. The Immense
crowds ia attendance made the gri>unda
«.lmost impassable, and a water famine,
added to the Intense heat of the day,
caused many •women to faint. President
Clark received a cordial letter from tha
United States Embassador, Mr. Choate.
vhlch wivs followed by chc-ers for the Em
l>assador.
Germany, Krar.ce. Holland, Belgium and
Bwltzerlnr.d held an lruernatloiial rally.
which President Clark attended. After
ward Mr. Clark called the convention's
fcttentlon to the fraternity of France and
ciTmany.
Rev. Messrs. WaddeM of Iowa, Spooner
cf New Jf-rsey, Strayer of Baltimore, Ma
eon cf California and McCall of Massa
chusetts, Mrs. Clark and Bishop Walters
were the principal speakers.
After the State calls, to which the lead
ers of a score of delegations responded,
there was a five-minute devotional service,
by Floyd Tompklns of Phila
delphia. The entire audience then Joined
'.a Binding "America." Meantime a num
ber of overflow m^-tmps were h< Id out of
<Jr>ors. A final rally was held to-night.
Two mr-etinps devoted to a "roll call of
the nations'* and conducted by Dr. Clark
nv<\ Secretary B**t" closed the proceedings
thrs evor.ine. VChfn the name of the
T'r.ltr-fl States was rf-arhtd the convention
«rf're and Fane: "Arm-rif-a."
When I>r. Clark reached the name of
Jlur.jjary thore was no Terrorise.
"I? no one here from Hungary?" h*
c^k^d. and the d« k-pat^s, bearing In mind
tho Insufficient catering, broke out into
b<*»rty laufrht'T.
Bh'-fSrkl «a? Rr-lfrtM ns th«« meeting
place in 1351 and Mnnchc^tcr in 1901
At the Endeavor Convention He Pro
poses Francis Z. Clark for Presi
dent and C. 2L Sheldon for
Vice President.
Rev., Mr. Parker Advances
an American Political
Ticket.
WOULD HAVE
CHRISTIANS IN
THE OFFICES
JESTER SLEPT IN HIS
WAGON AND WAS WORRIED
Testimony of a Witness in the Fa
mous Murder Case Now Agitat
ing Missouri.
ST. LOUIS. July IS.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from New London, Mo.,
says:
The leading witness to-day in the trial
of Alexander Jester was "W. Bryant Rem
ley, who in 1S71 resided with his parents
near Reece Creek, In Monroe County. The
witness was then a young man. but he re
members very distinctly that he saw tho
body of a man floating down the creek
when the ice broke up in the spring of 1871.
His hair was dark and long, the descrip
tion lining that of Gilbert Gates, the mur
dered man. •
Pleasant Curtwrlght, aged 61, testified
that on the morning of January 25, 1S71, he
overtook Jester on the road en route to
Paris, near the ford of the Elk River, in
charge of two wagons and teams, and was
pretty close to him before Jester knew he
was near. Jester turned and seemed very
much disturbed.
E. Wetmore testified that Jester, with
his two teams, stopped in his livery stable
of Paris the night of January 25, 1S71.
Jester slept in his wagon that night in a
barn, although he was invited to sleep in
the office, wnere there was a stove. He
appeared to be In trouble.
HIS NOSE BITTEN OFF.
Marin Rancher Accuses His Partner
of Mayhem.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July IS.— Ella Genozzi
cams to this city this afternoon in com
pany with Marshal Collins of Petaiuma
and swore out a warrant charging Sylvia
Mogestochl with tho crime o£ mayhem.
The story told by Genozzi was borne out
by his personal appearance. His nose was
bitten off, as was also his upper lip, and
Ills eyes were terribly blackened. Accord
ing to his story, he and his assailant were
working on their ranch on Salmon Creek,
this county, yesterday afternoon In the
hay field. The sun being hot Genozzi was
affected by it. and when lunch time came
was unable to eat and went to the barn
for a rest.
Mogestochl came to the barn and on be
ing informed by Genozzi that he was un
able to work that afternoon, he com
menced a violent assault on the prostrate
man. Genozzi struggled to protect him
self, with the result that his assailant
bit off his nose and upper lip. Covered
with blood, the Injured man struggled to
his feet and was made the victim of a
second assault by his antagonist, who this
time used a club.
Neighbors took the injured man to Peta
iuma for medical attendance, and to
night, weak with pain and loss of blood,
he came here and had a warrant Issued
for Mogeatochl's arrest, which Constable
Treanor will endeavor to serve to-morrow.
?
SEDGER RELEASED.
Magistrate T>ecides That There Is No
Proof of Intention to Defraud.
LONDON. July IS.— Horace Sedger, the
thtatrlcal manager, who, with hi* wife
Kthel, an actress, was charged in th»
Bow-street Police Court June 23 with
fraudulently obtaining goods by means of
worthless checks, were given a hearing
to-day and discharged, the magistrate
saying it was reasonable to assume that
Mr. Sedger's check was not met because
the Theatrical Association, on which it
was drawn, had no money In Us coffers
at the time the check was presented.
Mrs. Sedger had previously been dis
charged from custody.
Senator Gear's Funeral.
BURLINGTON, Iowa, July IS.— The fu
neral of Senator John H. Gear took place
this afternoon in the Methodist Episcopal
Church. In the audience were many peo
ple distinguished in the State and nation.
Rev. Dr. William Salter, an aged friend
of the deceased, and Rev. R. F. Hulbert,
pastor of the church, conducted the ser
vices. Hon. Thomas Hedges, member of
Congress from the First District, delivered
an eloquent eulogy. The Interment wa3
made in Aspen Grove Cemetery. Among
the distinguished men present were Gov
ernor Shaw, Senators Allen and Allison.
Congressman Cummings of New York and
ex-Governor Drake of Iowa,
Commanded the Yacht Idler, Which
Capsized "With All Canvas Set,
Drowning Five Persons.
CLEVELAND. July 18.-Captain Charles
Q. Holmes, the master of the schooner
yacht Idler, which capsized off Avon
Point on July 7, with all her standing can
vas set, drowning five women and a baby,
was arrested to-day by the United States
Marshal on the charge of manslaughter.
Bail was fixed at $1000. which was fur
nished.
At the Coroner's inquest to-day th*
mate of the Idler testitled that he- sug
gested to the captain that he anorten sail
when the sauall was approaching, but
that Holmes said not to do so. It was
the testimony of the mate which led to
the arrest of Holmes.
Belta Iota Chi Conclave.
Sppcial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 18.— The Delta Iota
Chi. a Greek letter fraternity of the High
School, is holding its annual conclave in
this city. The delegates are being royally
entertained at the homes of the members
of the local chapter. The following are
the chanters which have sent delegates:
Alpha. San Jose; Beta, San Francisco;
Gamma. Los Angeles; Delta. Santa Cruz;
Kpsilon. Fresno; Zeta, San Diego; Theta,
Portland. Or. '
CAPTAIN HOLMES CHARGED
WITH MANSLAUGHTER
LONTOK. Ju'y 1!.— The War Office has
received the fc'.'.owlnff dispatch from Lord
Huberts:
"PRETORIA. July 17.— Yesterday the
teeny made a determined attack on the
Jeft of Pcle-Carew's position and along
our left flar.k. commanded by Hutton- The
posts hold by the Irish Fusileers and the
Canadian Mounted Infantry, under Llcu
ter.ar.t Colonel Alderson. were most gal
lantly defended. The enemy made re
peated attempts to assault the positions,
coining In close range and calling to the
Fusileers to surrender. The enemy suf
fered Beverdy. They had fifteen killed
and fifty wounc>d and four were taken
prisoners. The British casualties were
fPV pn ki'.i^d (Including the Canadian lieu
tenants Bordon and Rich), thirty -wounded
end twenty-one missing.
"Ian Hamilton's column advanced to
"^Vatervaal yesterday unopposed and to
day proceeded to Hammond Kraal.
"Fifteen hundred Boers, with five guns,
attempted to break through the cordon
formed by Hunter's and Rundle's divi
sions between Bethlehem and Ficksburg.
They were moving toward Llndley, being
closely followed by Paget"s and Broad
wood's brigades."
In a dispatch dated to-day Lord Roberts
pays a tribute to Lieutenants Borden and
Rich, -whom in his list he reported killed.
Lord Roberts says:
"They were killed while gallantly lead
ing their men in a counter-attack on the
enemy's fiank at a critical Juncture of
their assault on one position."
Borden was ttrlce before brought to
puhlio notice in dispatches for gallant and
Intrepid conduct.
Transvaal Invaders Sustain a Loss
of Seven Killed, Thirty Wounded
and Twenty-One Missing.
DETERMINED ASSAULT OF
BOERS ON BRITISH FLANK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOEXIX (Ariz.), July lS.-Harry Tha
raldsen of San Francisco and New York,
stopping here temporarily, owner of sev
eral mining claims in Mexico, received a
message thi3 evening from the manager
of a mine near Rodeo, State of Durango,
Mexico, telling of a hard fight on Monday
between a mixed force of Mexican soldiers
and fifty ranchers and a party of Yaqui
Indians. Five whites were killed and
about twenty wounded, including one offi
cer, and the Indians lost many more.
For several weeks troops have been
rounding up Indians in the lower range
of the Sierra Madre Mountains, and three
or four slight skirmishes have occurred.
The Indians were always In small force.
On Monday a party of fifty was corralled
in a pass between two hills. Two com
panies of troops advanced through a de
file and met the band of 150 reds, a large
part of which had been hidden on the
other side of the butte. After fierce fight
ing the Mexicans were driven in disorder
from the pass. Couriers sent out called
in reinforcements of cowboys and miners
and an eftort was made to surround the
entire band. The Indians resisted fiercely,
both sides fighting from behind rocks.
After a hard battle for half an hour the
Indians broke through the force in the
rear and escaped into the mountains. A
messenger sent to. the main force of Fed
eral troops returned with two more com
panies Monday night. The Indians are now
divided in small bands through the moun
tains. It is believed the party will not
again collect in force. Miners and ranch
men have abandoned work and gathered
together for better protection in case of
further trouble. , .
Five . White Men Killed
and Twenty Severely
Wounded.
\ — . —
Indians Have Taken to the Hills and
Ranchers and Miners Have
Banded Together for Bet
ter Protection.
BATTLE WITH
BAND OF YAQUIS
IN DURANGO
Cracksmen Had Their Work for Noth
ing, as All the Money Had Been
Deposited in the
Bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July IS.— The safe In the
office of the Standard Oil Company at the
corner of Sunol and San Salvador streets
was blown to pieces last night by burg
lars and the office wreckexl in an attempt
to get at the coffers of this gigantic trust.
The cracksmen, who were evidently ama
teurs, judging by their crude work, were
disappointed if they expected to get any
great amount of Rockefeller's. wealth, for
they only obtained between two and three
dollars.
The place presented a sorry sight when
Foreman J. T. Bernbaum appeared on the
Bcene this mornir.g. A lock had been pried
off the front doors of the warehouse. The
floor of the office was strewn with parts
of the safe and fire proof clay. About the
place were strewn papers and books. It is
believed dynamite or nitro glycerin was
used from the force of the explosion.
Every bit of office furniture was wrecked.
One of the outer doors of the safe had been
blown to the ceiling, knocking a hole in
It some three by five feet. The door then
dropped to the Moor ten feet away. Pieces
of the other door lay about the room. So
powerful was the explosion that the brick
building was cracked. Xo drilling had been
done and how the men operated is not
known. The loss In damage will amount
to several hundred dollars.
There is no clew to the hurglars. People
residing in the neighborhood heard an ex
plosion about 2 o'clock, but as such noises
are" common, being caused by the ex
pansion and contraction of the tanks, no
attention was paid to it. Considerable
collecting was done by the company yes
terday, and this had evidently been noted
and th2 men expected to make a big haul.
The money, however, had been placed in
a bank.
Safe at San Jose Blown
Open and Walls
Shattered.
STANDARD OIL
OFFICE WRECKED
BY BURGLARS
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. July IS.— The {rial
of Caleb Powers in the Goebel assassina
tion case was resumed to-day and John
A. Black of Barbourville, a banker of that
place and a Republican, was the first
witness called. Witness said Powers told
him in January he was organizing an
armed mob to go to Frankfort. Witness
discouraged the project, but Powers in
sisted that the mob should be forwarded,
saying it would Intimidate the Legisla
ture.
"Powers told me," said the witness, "the
mob was being formed with the approval
of Governor Taylor, Charles Finiey and
other ltepublican leaders at Frankfort.
Charles ivinley also came to me and en
deavored to get me to co-operate with
them. 1 protested bitterly. Powers be
came very angry with me on account of
tno position 1 took."
A check from Charles Flnley to the
Louisville and Nashville RailFoaa for $KWU
lor transportation of the men to Frank
fort was produced by Black in response
to a question from the prosecution.
On cross-examination Black said that
Finiey claimed the mountaineers were be
ing taken to Frankfort to "influence" the
Legislature. Powers said the purpose was
to "Intimidate" the body. The witness
said he "never heard Powers make
threats against Goebel except in a general
way."
\V. H. Coulton, himself under indictment
as an accessory and supposed to be the
star witness of the prosecution, was call
ea next. The defense raised a point
against the competency of Coulton as a
witness, Jie being under Indictment and
not having been tried. The jury was ex
cluded during the argument of the point.
At, the conclusion of the argument the
court told the lawyers on both sides to
prepare their authorities on the question
involved and present them to him this
afternoon'. A recess was then taken.
In the afternoon Judge Cantrill ruled
that while at common law a particeps
crlminae could not testify against a co
conspirator so long as he himself rsniain
ed untried, that rule was abrogated under
the law of this State, and that Coulton
was a competent witness; the right to
testify being a personal privilege.
Coulton took the stand. The court in
structed the witness that he might testi
fy or not, as he might desire, and he was
not required to tell anything that would
tend to Incriminate himself, but could re
fuse to answer such questions. He replied
that he would testify of his own free will.
Coulton said he knew all the persons in
dicted as accessories to the Goebel mur
der. Witness said he attended a confer
ence at Frankfort in January at which
Powers and others were present and that
the matter of bringing mountain men to
the capital was being discussed.
Hamp Howard, Frank Cecil and other
mountain men were there and were ask
ed by Powers how many men they could
bring from Harlan. Bell and other coun
ties. They promised to bring crowds rang
ing from fifty to 200 men from each of
the counties represented. Those in the
meeting were to take charge of the men
in their respective counties and bring
them to Frankfort armed. Powers said
that when the men arrived at Frankfort
they would give the Democratic legisla
tors thirty minutes In which to settle
the contests, and "if they <lic!n't settle
them in that time they would kill every
d d one of tl-em "
Coulton continued: "The mountain men
arrived In Frankfort January 25. They
numbered from 1000 to ll'OO men. Those
who carried guns had them stacked in the
office of the Commissioner of Agriculture,
and each man was given a tag corre
sponding with a number on hip gun. Cap
tain Bullock, afterward connected with
the "Williamsbure military company, had
charge of this. After holding the meet
ing in the Statehouse the bigger part
of the crowd was sent home."
Declared That Unless the Goebel Con
test Were Quickly Settled All the
I*egislators*Would Bo
Shot.
Armed a Force for the Pur
pose of Intimidating the
Legislature.
WITNESSES TELL
OF CONSPIRACY
POWERS FORMED
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
Sunday. July 22. ppecial excursion to
L'kiah; J2.00 for round trip. Leaves Tib
tiron ferry, foot of Market street, at S:30
e. m.; leave Vklah 5 p. m. Tickets on s=ale
"Wed lesday, Thursday. Friday and Satur
day •
5
$visit OR- JORDAN'S great { >
OF ANATOMY'
A O£k 1051 KA2XS7 ST.. Ut. 6±*7ii. Z.t.Zzt { I
T J2f The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
A L <jJu. World. Weaknesses cr iny contracted ,
' Jjjrfir t?*} d'sei'e pe»MI»rly cured r»y the oldett '
f£. 0|f5 •"'-* J £>F,cci-.list m t j<- Coast. Esl 36 year*. 1 I
A teVg DB.<fORQA»-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ wCSs^Jk Co.i'ultariori fren and strl<-t1y prirate.
M I Y,5C/ Jf Tr« unieni personally or by letter. A ; I
V n t¥ nj U Pot. tiM Cunm every ease umlertakec. '
IN Y Ijtf, Writefor Book.rHILOSOl-aVtli I
*? •' It ll* MABOIAOB. MAILED FSEB. (A<
A & il TiluaWe bcoh for mnt**
f DR. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Market St.. a F. ' '
1/nOlinO IIUC HATIIOR 5oC0 tons
K I ISM UN LI Nh "CTAVIA ....7*0 tons
lYUOlllUO L.IS1L. LUXOR 650O tons
— — ADYDOS 40CO tons
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanls, 4500 tone, sails about August 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent.i.
114 Montgomeryrst. Pier No. 7— Freight otflce,
327 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOr.XTI.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AN1> SYDNEY.
«s S AUSTRALJA( Honolulu only)
" Wednesday. July 25, 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
* Zealand and Australia. Wed.. Aug.-S. 8 p. m.
3. D. SPh£CJK£LS& B.HOS.CO.. Acts.. <!? Wonlcorosri
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freifiht Office. ?2? Market SL
>*>«3*S5>£^feL?»»tj?T Cl« « M » noa-poisor<JT»
r <^V OW. Spornatorrh^v
Jl > • wSlviTa w ai:ea. unnatural !i*
fZftJ 0cara3t*»a y rhruc-* or «ay lnSiT's*.
|j ¦**•*/ sot to ttriatsNk tion, , irritation or ulcer*.
k*^— i> Prttf :u ooeuglaa. tioa of m o e o c 3 men*.
EfSStrKzEvm Chemicu C.t. branea. Noo-&strlss«a£.
\g>ikCiNCltl(ATl,O.K533 SOl<1 *"
&3X. c- "• •». >£2i ? r se3t la p!i1n "¦^p;*"*.
<^S?i»-w-__a^\t3 ., y «J>™"i prepaid, tzi
COKPAOKIE GENERALS TBANSATLAXTIQUE.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE- PARIS. *+}**>
Saillns every Thursday, li^tea.l of *& jfT^j
Saturday, from November 2, 1S99. at-J*^t?*
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St. LA CHAMPACNE. July 86; LA
TOURA1NE. Aufrus-t 2: L'AQUITAINE. August
9- LA BRETAGNE, August 18. First class to
Havre, !S2 50 and upward;. Second class to
Havre $io and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round' trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Ag?cts, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
DR. BALL'S REIN VlGORATORRragS
Klva hundred reward far any Jti^jtE
case wa cannot euro. Tbls secret a«" ""£
remedy itops all losses in 21 < \<
hour?, cures Er.ilss'.ona. I.-r.po- f^j 5£
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, rjy* *7i
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost UVi L*-i.
Manhood and all wa^tlae effect* a^JKJS^SH
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent MJlTrtiai
tealed, j; bottle: 3 bottles. Jo; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTITUTE. SSS Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sal* at 1073H Market Bt, S. F. AH prlTat*
tffaeaaea quickly cured. Send for fre» book.
MANHOOD-RESTORED T^^^-^Ibie
Vitallzer, the prescription of a
__ ¦- . -. famous French physician, will
, ftjfgMBaBBSf quickly . cure you of all ner-
lS*2BEJg*jR9 vous or diseases of the genera-
Hffi8S"wRs tlve organs, such as Lost Man-
I SnSl^* i-Sftl hood - Insomnia, Pains in the
apt ** Gg* Back, Nervous Debility. Plm-
jEvJ . jJES pies. Exhausting Drains, Varl-
vSfiv. 'M'jSMf cocele and Constipation. It
v^.»__/B*S» stops all losses by day or
night. Cupidene cleanses the
liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
Impurities. Cupidene strengthens and restores
small weak organs.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
Is because 90 per cent are troubled with Pros-
tatltls. Cupidene the only, known remedy to
cure without an operation. 1000 testimonials.
A written guarantee civen and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do not effect a permanent
cure. $1.00 a box. .6 boxes for $3.00. by mall.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co., 40 Ellis St., San
Francisco, CaL. Grant Drug Co.. 3$ft40Thlrdst.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITSW TOBK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0.MD0H. P1SI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis July23St- Paul August 15
New York August 8, St. Louis August 23
HED STA-^ LINi.
JSeW YorK «>0 d Antv/«r-v
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark July 25; Kensington ..August 8
Westernland August 1! Aragonla .... August 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
IorITnavy yardIkFvallejh^
Steamer "Alontlcella."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. n!eht); Fri-
days, 1 P- m. and &:31; SuncTays, 10:20 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1CCS.
FARE &*.
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAX FRAXCISCO DIRECT TO
On or aboot July 23d.
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 139 POST ST.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
O IR. T I_i .A. 1ST 3D
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 r«r»t Cla»» inciudtna Bert^
rAnt $8 Second Cla%i ana Meals.
STATE OF ¦CALIFORNIA «»"-—^"^ j
COLUMBIA sails July 27. Aug. S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market St.,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
.• Wednesday. August 23, 1900
ES. NIPPON MARC
Saturday. September 22, 13C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
iZl Market street, corner First.
W. II. AVERT. General A sent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n*r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and ilOXGKOXG. calling at
Kobe <Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SP. AMERICA MARL'.... Friday. August 3. 1300
Passengers are advised to Inspect tho Senator
before purchasing tickets via other stearr-ers.
as her second-class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accomme-
d&tlons en m(?t of the .•¦teamers advertised for
Ncme. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been runnln* Its steamers to Alaska— winter
and summer— for 2j yar?, and Is the Pltmepr
Puclflc Coast L.tn*. For further tnformntlor.
Inquire- of II. H. LLOYD. Ocean Dock. Seattle.
Wash.; N. POSTON. ?49 Washington St., Port-
land, Or.; W. PARRIS. 124 West Second St..
Los Anireles. Cal.: COOPALL. PERKINS St
CO.. G»n. Afcts.. 10 Market St.. TICKET OF-
FICE — * Xw Montgomery st., San Francisco.
OK OR ABOUT
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6.
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
SENATOR
WILL SAIL FROM
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacfflo Coast Steamship Co.
IIAMBURO-AMKRICAN LINE. JTBMWy.N.T.
Reserved if secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. A*ts. for Pacific Coast,
401 California St., corner Sansome. S. F.
For Sailing, etc.. Arply to
(PAR1S> AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSE.NOEa SEftVICE
TO PLYMOUTH, CHERBOUKG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
wet feet and a neglected cold. Then
comes the hacking, lingering cough, and
the doctor looks serious and talks of pine
woods or mountain air.
That is the time when Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery proves its
value. It has cured hundreds of cases of
" weak lungs," obstinate, lingering cough,
bronchitis, spitting of blood, and other
forms of disease, which if neglected or
unskillfully treated lead to consumption.
"About eight years ago I had a dreadful cougfc
and hoarseness.'' writes Mrs. Ida P. Edwards. oi
Sterling 1 , Sanpete Co., Utah. "I tried several
kinds of medicine but without anv effect; at
last I tried Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery, of which I have taken four bottles, and my
cough is entirely cured."
Sick people are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. All correspond-
ence private. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
bw wharf, San Francisco:
\>3W_^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
B»53*?3fv July 20, 2Z. 3'\ August 4.
tfejr^vh^v Change to company's steamers
STcSkvira at * p att1».
lJ&HsH Fcr Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KguSiKiiiSi C). Port Townser.d. Pfatt>.
[^KE&3wti Tacoma, Everett. Anacortei
an! New 'Whruc.->m (Wash.)—
It a. m.. July 20. 23. 30. Aujrust
4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. R'y: at Tacoma to N*. P. R'y; at
Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July 23.
27 Ausrust 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Hanford (San Luis Obispo). Garlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. July 22. 26. 30. August 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Ang-eles and Redom'.o (Los Anseles)— 11 a.
m. July 20 24, 2S. August 1, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Masrdalena Bay. San Jos» del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. Tth of each
month. .
For further Information obtain company^
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OPFICK— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st. San FrancUco.
MifflneFV StiGCiSllm Ia additIoa t0 onr M? clearing bargain'
mM *^ we effer for To- Day only a lot of as"
sorted Fancy Shapes (this season's !ate;t), bast colors, that were $2.50, S3.00
and $3.50, for $1.50
P* Ooflidfen IRfcu 5c Bazaar* **"»
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE.
Balance of Week.
Men's Clothing,
Pure L : nen Crash Suits, stylishly
made, all aiz33, wera $5.00 ; to cio*e
n o* $2.95
Stylish Flannel Outing Suits,
blue or gray, with fine light stripe,
were $7.60 to $10.00 ; price to close..
$5^*5
Second Atsle-Rlght of Entrance.
Men's Furnishings*
* A clean-up of short lots.
$1.00 and $1.25 Fancy Shirts, now..7/0
Fast Black Seamless Cotton Sox 7\O
Men's 25c Fancy Suspenders........... 17 C
Boys' Bib Overalls IQo
Men's 50c Neckwear ....39c
25c Black Neckwear t7o
Fancy Band Bow3 Wo
; $1.00, $1.60 ani $2.00 Neckwear... 79o
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Undermusiin Dep't*
To-Day Only.
Specials for Thurs-
day only, in addition " / ySi^
to onr rfguJar July
clearing saie offerings ' y
in this department. c®L_ JS&
Ladles' Lawn /P§g?a
Combinaticn //a/iIi \
Chomiso — Elab- \Xl! J \ I, /
orately trimmed yoke /frjT^ ' '
and skirt with fine (//fill \
torchon lace; regularly 17/ 71 / ]\i
52-25; <f „ II II \ A
to-day... &1.2C& I I | il
Children's I I
Cofored Wash /7?TT\'\?f\
Dnossos— Size3np
to 5 years; to-day c^&55?2^;£3£2>
only — $1.00 Dref sea, A
50c; $1.50 Dresses,
75c: $2.00 Dresses $1.OO
Dry Goods.
15o Wash Fabric, So— Short
lots Batiste, striped printed lawns, etc.
81 -Inch Unb'.oached Sheet-
ing, 19c a yard— splendid quality;
only a :ew hundred yards.
$1.OO, $1-25 and $1.5O La-
dles' Kid Glovos, 78 o—
Broken line* to be closed oat thn week.
Ladies* Ncckwoar, Halt
Price — Band Bows. String Tie3,
Lace Scarf?, Si'.k Jabots, Blouse
Fronts, Silk Stocks, etc.
SI'OO to $8.50 Yokings and
All0ver3 in black, cream and white—
now Jhalf price.
Covert Suiting, Oc — First qual-
ity for Outing Suits; a great bargain.
Battenburg Lacq Patterns
— Borders, handkerchiefs, tie ends,
scarfs, bow knots, etc.; regu!any 5c
to 35c each— now half price.
Point de Paris laces— Worth
from 2Cc to 30c yard, widths 2 to 5
inches — now all at the uniform price,
per yard 14c
Embroidered Skirting
flannels — Now one-quarter eff
regular prices.
Noveltv Tucked Batistes—
26 to 29 inches wide; white and good
assortment of colors — aow, one -quarter
off regular prices.
25o Dimities, 16c— Imported;
stripes, dots and checks; also in solid
color3.
25c Cretonnes, 17 o yard—
32 inches wide, single or double faced,
floral designs.
Skirt linings— Black T; ffeta Skirt
L nirg3, with fancy colored borders;
$1.00 pieces (5 yards)— now 38o
Thursday, July i$ f iyco.
e$$i vwnJ-22 Most important Shoe
K;4-$\eaie price city now in progrcss—3500
F^JyffiSSb St. 6 9 pairs of Ladies' Shoes, made
irsr ° ther for Kfn 9 man & Fox > who ™-
£$S$k. Bt y !es - tireti from business before
IJEI^rr"^^^^ they wero finished — bought
V^Jg^ by us at 65c on tha $1.00.
K.& P. prices jj.OO $3-50 $}.GO
ptZTos $1.69 $1.98 $2.37 $3.35
Gives Natural Appetite, Strong Nerves,
Refreshing Sleep.
Mrs. F. W. Goulder. 1305 4th ave., Rock Island,
111., writes:
"I was afflicted for flve or six years with catarrhal
difficulties and was growing worse all the time. I
began taking your Peruna, with a marked improve-'
ment from the first. Independent of curing that, tho
Peruna has greatly Improved my Reneral health."
"Every bottle of Peruna is worth its weight in
gold; especially to me, for I owe my present good
health to Peruna. It has been a blessing from God to
me. For any one that Is cured of chronic catarrh or
any disease by the use of Peruna is permanently
cured, and they are string and healthy ever after.
Peruna is a household safeguard and blessing to suf-
fering humanity.- Whenever I have the opportunity I
recommend Peruna to the sick and suffering ones. I
tell them what It has done for mo and many others. I
only wish every home could have a copy of your lnval-
ua&le books, especially 'Health and Beauty.' Every
woman should have one." Mrs. F. W. Goulder.
Mrs. Hannah Llnd. 11S2 E. Long St.. Columbus, O..
is one of the many enthusiastic advocates of Peruna.
She says: "For many years I was subject to nervous-
ness, despondency and neuralgia, for which doctors
end remedies seemed of no use. At last I was per-
suaded to try Pemr.a. I found it to be exactly the
remedy I have eo long been in search of. Peru na re-
lieves the tired, depressed fee/ing at once. It
never fails io restore to me natural appetite
and the best of sleep, it has cured permanently my
old neuralgia and despondency, and I wonder why so
manv people continue to suffer from nervous depres-
sion "when Peruna is such a prompt and perfect roller.
As a family medicine I believe Peruna to have no
eaual It relieves at once 'cramps, colic, prostration
from heat, the 111 effects of sudden checking of per-
epiration and all other bad effects of hot weather. As
a remedy for nervous prostration it has no equal, and
the thousands of men and women of this generation
wbo *ha.T« nerves' find !t a priceless remedy. •>.--, ;• ,„,„,„,.
Every family should have a copy of Dr. Hartman's book entitled ••Summer
Ca'arrh?' This book treats exclusively the diseases peculiar to Bummer, and will
be sent free to any address by the Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, O.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
OCEAN TBAV2L.
OCEAN THAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAillANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
ktrenc*.b to tcxual organs. Depot. ZZZ Marktt.
Vulises checked Ire*.
O B FT HOW II corn « Fourth ana
UHl L 1 1 U I HL £" 1 w 1 sL u t "ffi
J ust a c * iance nieet-
M&v J \ » n g J J1 the rain and so
&gfgr\ rS" niany things to talk
" 1il ~ ' about. That meansLATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
HE'S THE BOT FOR TOU!
We found the savage king wearing
nothing but a silk hat.
"A very unconventional garb!" we pro
tested.
His Majesty laughted heartily and tald
"If you think this is unconventional,
you ought to see a king up In the jungle
a way. He actually wears russet shoes
with his eilk hat! Talk about your un
conventlonality! He's the boy for you:"
We were much shocked.— Detroit Jour
nal.
HIS DIFFICULTY
"Why are you so very silent In com
pany?" asked the scientist's wife.
"Well, people are continually trying to
draw me into conversation about the re
cent eclipse."
"That fs a topic on which you ought to
be able to talk."
"I'm perfectly willing to. I don't mean
to be unsociable, but It's very difficult to
think up enough words of less than five
syllables to make people -understand what
I am talking about."— Washington Star.
EAST WHEN PROPERLY DONE.
"Senator." asked the beginner in poll
tics, "have you. ever had any trouble in
carrying a' convention?"
"No," answered Senator Lotsmun.
"That Is, not when I have done a little of
the necessary work of picking It up and
h'm — packing it beforehand." — Chicago
Tribune.
A TELL TALE
After .William TeU had shot the apple
from the head of Tell Jr., he was urged to
A REPUBLICAN RESPONSIBILITY
UPON the Republican party rests the responsibil
ity of defeating the schemes of the railroad
managers and the ward bosses of San Fran
cisco to control the next Legislature and through it
fix the Assembly. Senatorial and Congressional dis
tricts for the coming ten years. The responsibility is
imposed upon Republicans because it is everywhere
admitted that this is a Republican year in California,
as in the Union, and that about all the Democrats
can hope to do is to held their organization together.
The rearrangement of the districts under the new cen
sus will be done in the name of Republicanism. Shall
it be done by honest Republicans, or by men who
wear the party badges and train in its ranks only for
the sake of the spoils of politics?
The combination formed among the bosses of both
parties in this city, and backed by all the resources of
the unscrupulous managers of the Southern Pacific
road, is a formidable one. It can be defeated by the
better element of the Republican party provided that
element be aroused and energetic. It cannot be de
feated by a half-hearted spirit, or by weak and unor
ganized action. There is needed at this juncture the
exercise of the full strength of loyal Republicans, and
that need is especially felt in this city, for the danger
point is here.
It should not be overlooked that for the purposes
of the railroad and the bosses it will not matter much
whether a Republican or a Democrat be elected so
long as he will serve the schemers. Kelly and Crim
mins. therefore, would be quite willing to plan and
plot a defeat of Republican candidates if it be made
to their advantage to do so by the railroad. Such
being the case, it would be folly on the part of the
Republicans to put any trust in them, or to permit
them to exert any influence in making nominations.
Clean politics is the best way to win a clean victory.
Compromise with the saloon gangs and bosses- will
compromise everything.
The time for earnest Republicans to begin-organ
izing for victory is now. Among professional men,
business men and workingmen the questions of the
day should be. Have you registered? Have you en
rolled in a Republican club? Every loyal Republican
should by such -inquiries help to bring his friends into
active work for the party and for the cause of good
government. t
As The Call has repeatedly pointed out, registra-
The yellow kid is to be congratulated. The Call
is seldom pleased to be in his company, but in an
nffair such as the probate crime, which The Call ex
posed, it i.s a matter of sincere pleasure to sec the
Examiner accept the situation and follow in the wake
of a public crusade. The yellow sheet cannot do
much, but by its attention to the grave scandal which
The Call has laid bare the saffron youngster may be
kept out of mischief.
SOME GERMAN STATISTICS.
SLOW as we nave been in the past in the work of
tabulating and publishing the results of census
taking, the Germans can give us no points.
Our census taken in 1S90 was not fully revealed to
us for many a year thereafter, but the salient facts
concerning indus-try and commerce we did manage tc
get within a year or two. In Germany, however, they
have but recently begun the publication of trade
Late as are these figures, some of them arc of in
terest to the general .public as well as to special stu
dents of trade statistics or of German industry, and
unions the more interesting are those which show
the extent to which the consolidation of indusfies
was carried 0:1 in Germany during the period covered
by the census. A summary of the returns in that re
spect says: "Since 1882, the <!ate of the last census,
the number of persons engaged in gainful occupa
tions increased 30.9 per cent, while the number of
cstablislunents increased only 4.6 per cent. Estab
lishments are divided into three groups, according
to the number of employes — the small ones with five
or less persons, the medium establishments with be
t've-eu six and fifty, and the large ones with more than
fifty. While the small establishments increased but
38 per cent in number and 10 per cent in the size of
t'ieir personnel, the medium ones increased 69.7 per
*ent. and 76.3 pa»- cent respectively, and the iarge
ones go per cent in number and 83.- per cent in sire of
personnel."
It is stated that the results shown have been due
solely to the natural operation of economic law, and
rot to the organization of trusts. Germany has s»«
herself to the task of competinR with Great Britain
a::d the United State* for foreign commerce, and in
< : o:riR so has been compelled to adopt the most eco
nomic methods of m.-inufacti:ring. T!ie ymall and
ill-equipped factory carmot compete with the big fac
tnry. and ?o it is abindor.ed for the lartrer one. A
pond many of the effects which \vr attribute in thi*
cotmtry to the aggresMvrr.ess of trusts are. undoubt
edly <\ur to the same causes which have been so potent
in Germany, and therefore those who denounce *il
*-orts of industrial combinations as trusts are as fonl
i^h as they are blatant. We shall learn by the census
now being taken how far industrial consolidation hr.s
been carried in the United States during the past dec
ade. The showing will doubtless prove an extensive
ron^o'irirtiort. but it is safe to say it will not equal
that reported from Germany.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. J. J. Miller of San Jose Is at ; the
Occidental.
G. A. Rodgers, a hotel man of Banger,
is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. Humphries of Honolulu
are at the California,
Thomas H. Mallory, a mlnfng man of
Fresno, ia at the Lick.
G. L. McCandless, a druggist of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
State Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan
is a. guest at the Palace.
Otto G. Never, manager of the ' Paso
Robles Hotel, is at the Palace.
Charles E. Egan, a dry goods merchant
of Honolulu, is at the Occidental. .
A. C. BIngham, a banker of Marysville,
and his wife are guests at the Palace.
J. B. de Jarnett, owner of extensive
fruit ranches in the vicinity of Colusa, is
at the Occidental.
Dr. .1. J. Lustlg and his bride returned
yesterday from their bridal tour and are
guests at the Palace.
General G. H. Roberts, U. S. A,, of
Boise, Idaho, la at the Lick.. with his wife
and daughter. They have lust returned
from an outing at Santa Cruz.
Mrs. George C. Beckley. wife of "Com
modore" Beckley of Honolulu, one of the
largest stockholders in the Wilder Steam
ship Company, arrived at the California
yesterday with her family. She expects
to remain here about two years In order
that her children may attend school.
Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford, who
has been on a vacation at Lake Tahoe for
the past two weeks, returned yesterday
and will resume his duties to-day. .While
at Tahoe Mr. Ford was seriously 111. To
day he will assume personal charge of the
Fresno rate case before Superior Judge
Bahrs.
W. S. Chance of Washington, who was
sent to Hawaii by the Secretary of the
Treasury to establish the customs system
for the islands, returned yesterday on the
steamer Australia nnd is at the Palace,
with his wife nnd child. He accomplished
his mission successfully and Is now on his
way back to Washington.
J. W. Mason, a prominent merchant and
former extensive coffee planter of Hllo,
Hawaii, arrived on the Australia yester
day and is at the Occidental. He is ac
companying Mrs. T. J. Hlgglns, widow of
his late partner; who is on her way to
Chicago, where her. son is in school. Mrs.
Higgins is also at the Occidental.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
do so on subsequent occasions for the
pleasure of those who missed the first per
formance. But he declined, saying:
"What's the use? They won't, book me
in tho continuous vaudeville, and it is
too early to start a. Wild West show." —
Baltimore American.
GROUNDS OF HIS COMPLAINT.
"This is the third time you have come
to me with a complaint about the coffee."
said the steward of the steamer. "What's
the matter with it? Isn't it strong
enough?"
"Oh, yes." responded the kicking pas
senRcr. "It's strong enough to do what
it ought to do — walk up to the captain's
office and settle."— Chlcaco Tribune.
AN EXCUSE
The Collector— Here It is Tuesday nnd
you haven't paid a cent on that watch.
You promised to have the money for me
Saturday.
The Young Man— Well, it's only Friday
by the watch. • It is that much slow. — In
dianapolis Press J
AFTER.
After the light— the night.
With never star's soft beams;
But under dust and daisies white.
Rest from a world of dreams!
—Atlanta Constitution
V » III i» I llbn * bllW
THE LTARS." at the Columbia Thea
ter, Is playing: to appreciative houses.
The comedy receives an excellent In
terpretation at the hands of Henry
Miller and h!s goodly company, and
is, in truth, one of their best efforts. Next
week the Lyceum Theater success. "Ills
Excellency the Governor." by Robert
Marshall, will be given for the lira* tlm«
In this city.
• • •
This afternoon at half- past 2 o'clock win
begin the first of the Burton Holmes lec
turts at the Columbia Theater. "Manila"
will be the subject first enlarged upon, and
the lecture will be copiously Illustrated
with colored and motton pictures. Tha
Holmes lectures are an annual event of
the Lenten season at Daly'9 Theater, New
York, and during the rest of the year are
given In all the larger Kastera cities. It
Is their ftrat appearance here. The "Ma
nila" lecture will be repeated on Sunday
night. %
•The Great Ruby" Is crowding the
Grand Opera-house this week. Mr. Fraw
ley has undoubtedly given us one of the
most complete and handsome stage set
tings ever seen in a San Francisco thea
ter. "Wilton Lackaye. Corona Rlcardo and
Mary Van Buren take the leading parts.
• • •
"At Gay Coney Island" still holds th©
boards at the California Theater and la
playing to good houses. The "musical In
terruptions" of Mary Marble. Mathews
and Bulger, the mascot's dance and
Norma Whalley are much enjoyed.
• • •
"Inpomar" Is the play of the "week at
the Alcazar Theater, with Florence Rob
erts and White Whlttlesey In the leading
I roles. The management announces a re
vival of "The Country Girl." a William
Wycherly comedy, first produced at Drury
Lane Theater In 1673.
• • •
"Wangr," with Its laughter provoking
situations, is filling the Tivoll Opera-house
nightly. "Wang" will continue until tha
opening of the grand opera season on the
SOth inst.
• * *
The Orpheum is doing excellent business
with thia week's bill. Miss Burkhart In
"Captain Suzanne." Williamson and Stone.
Quaker City quartet. John Donahue and
Mattie Nichols are among the good things.
• • •
At Fischer's Concert House are Miss
Lenore White. Coral ThornoVke. Lena
Johnson, Isabel'e I'nderwood. Kdward B.
Adams and the clevrr orchestra: to fur
nish an excellent evening's entertainment.
• • •
The Chutes and Zo*> offer the Osrdens. L*
Llsta. the Bartons, Howard and Campbell,
Hadley and Hart and Cannon, the fat
man. for their week's bill.
MAPPING THE SOIL
THE Agricultural Department is about to i-sue a
work that is of the highest importance to agri
cultaicl It is i survey of the soils of many lo
calities in the country. The soils are mapped, so as
to present graphically their characteristics which de-
Urmine the degree of their fertility. The presence of
a;;;::h> and other mineral salts is r.oted. and the effect
o: irrigation on some soils, which finally come to
bhow alkali in such quantity as to make them bar
ren, is exhibited.
Mr. Milton Whitney, the chief of the division of
boils in the department, is desirous of extending this
survey until the character of the soils of the whole
country will be at least as well known as its geology
and geography. His assistant, Mr. Thomas H.
Mean?, has just completed a soil survey of 400 square
r-iles, or 256.000 acres, in California, taking in nearly
il of the irrigated lan-1 around Fresno. Mr. Whitney
«i'" be :r. California ::i a few days to inspect this sur
\r ¦) and map out more work here.
The extension of this survey of our soils depend-;
¦pon the supplying of means to perfect it and publish
(he results: It is for Congress to do this, and our peo
ple should be mindful of their duty in urging the re
quired liberality.
HOT TIMES IN KANSAS.
DOWN in Kansas, where. things are still bleed
ing, notwithstanding the woolly horse has
long since given place to the wild colt all wool
and a yard wide, they cannot content themselves witii
papers that are warm on one side only, and accord
ingly, to supply a long-felt want in the community,
there has been established a "magazine" that is; red
hot on both sides and still heating with the heats of
the campaign.
The magazine is called "Pro and Con." In a re
cent issue it said: "Our readers will bear in mind
that when this journal made its appearance it was an
nounced that it departed from the common rule and
boasted a Republican as well as a Populist editor.
Mr. Goss will serve the saviors of the country — the
Populists — while the G. O. P. end will be toted by
Mr. Ball." The number now before us fully justi
fies the boast of a double set of cooks, for it roasts
both sides of everything it touches.
For example, we are told in one column of a stal
wart citizen of the Pcpulist persuasion that, "being
awakened to his country's needs by the appearance in
the arena of John Briedenthal and J. M. Jackson, he
bent his pruning-hodk into a machete, buckled on
the breastplate of righteousness, and now, at the age
of seventy-six, when he is entitled to rest, he is doing
valiant service for his country in her time 'of need."
In another column, defending a Republican delegate
to the Philadelphia convention from a charge that he
"took with him sixteen new suits of clothes and
changed four times a day," the paper says: "The
fact is that Mr. Burton carried with him an extra
suit, a clean shirt and a change of underwear. Of
course even this is hard for a Democrat to under
stand — one of the fellows who wears a shirt until it
smells like a horse blanket and changes underwear at
the biannual bath. There is an adage that cleanli
ness is next to godliness, and it takes both to make a
Republican."
It appears from these statements that down in
Kansas when making ready for a political campaign
a Populist buckles on a breastplate of righteousness,
while a Republican changes his underwear and puts
on a clean shirt. Both customs are good, and taken
together serve to refute the prevailing impression that
Kansas men are clothed only in their own wool and
bathe only in their own bleeding.
There are other notable things in Pro and Con.
On one page it is asserted: '"In the nomination of
McKinley and Roosevelt the Republican party offers
the country a magnificent national ticket. A com
bination of ability, strength, character and sturdy
American manhood— a perfect pair." On another
page there is a description of the Republican conven
tion at Philadelphia, in the course of which it is said:
"Empress Hanna, with an oceanic smile on his cuboid
imitation of the human face, announced that he had
connected himself with the Enfant Me at Washing
ton, Pabst and Blatz-at Milwaukee, the warehouses at
Peoria, the wineries (if California, the champagneries
of France and the revenues of Cuba. This announce
ment was greeted with grunts of approval, for it was
prophetic of prosperity."
One editor tries to rally the Prohibitionists of Kan
sas to the support of Bryan by taking up the army
canteen question and referring to McKinley as the
"Enfant Me of Canton, Ohio, and the canteen of
America," while on the very next page it is asserted:
"The suggestion on the part of the Prohibitionists
that they might give Bryan a million votes because
of the existence of the army canteen is the most child
ish piece of poppycock of the decade."
Upon one point the magazine stands with both feet.
or rather four feet, and Pro is so Con and Con is so
Pro the reader cannot tell which is the Balling and
which the Gossing. That point, if we may judge
from the statements made, is not only, a very small
but a very slippery one, for it is the character of a
contemporary who it appears has rebuked Pro and
Con. One editor speaks of that rash contemporary
as "one who contaminates all he touches and never
pays ?.n honest debt, who robs the home of its chas
tity and flaunts his loathsome pile of putrid hide and
guts on the street and among the friends of his vic
tim"; while the other" refers to him as an intellectual
malformity, whose thin mentality has gone up in
cigarette smoke, and advises his fellow citizens to take
him out, lay him over a log and let a buck nigger
swat him with a barrel stave.
In conclusion it is but fair to Kansas to say that her
conditions are excellent, and the Republican editor
bears witness to her prosperity. He says: "This
prosperity has a political significance. For all the
world knows that an element which thrives and fat
tens on blue devils and adversity cannot long survive
in such a land. The beautiful rains which mean death to
the chinch bug mean good wheat and big corn; and
good wheat and big corn mean, extermination of the
Populist, and the extermination of the Populist means
no fusion, and no fusion makes Republican success.
And all the world admires Republican success. O,
brother, this is a good year." .
With that sentiment we may as well conclude this
review. I-et the Populist brother be reasonable and
recognize that conditions which exterminate him
make a good year, and let him rejoice therefor.
Furthermore, let us hope that in the general improve
ment that is going on there will be an improvement
also in the Kansas contemporaries of Pro and Con.
John M. Chretien is seeking to palliate his crime
by insisting that he is not the only rascal who has
picked dead men's bones in the courts of San Fran
cisco. He should possess himself in patience; there
is excellent promise that his pals will join him behind
the bars.
BAMBOO FLOGGING.
To begin with, there Is the whipping and scourging with
bamboo rods. This is so common a method of "prepar<n B a
victim for trial that it is hardly considered punishment, much
le=s torture. Yet the bamboo Is laid on hard, enough to bring
blood at each stroke, and. especially when it Is applied to the
soles of the ff-et, the victim often faints from pain and loss of
blood combined. One can hardly enter a Chinese court of
"justice" without witnessing a flogging.
THE WOODEN COLLAB.
The mildest punishment that is known to the simple and
kindly official Chinese soul is the cage or Cangue. Its principle
Is that of all Chinese punishments— slow torture. A Chinaman
would take no artistic pleasure in anything that killed quickly
or that reached its culmination of pain quickly. His victim
must suffer a little more each hour. In that way he makes his
delight last long and can keep a whole string of wretches to
charm him by their slow dying for months. If he killed them
at once his fun would be over too soon.
The Cangue. then, is formed to keep the agony of the peni
tent up for months, till madness or death ends his sufferings.
It Is a delightfully simple thlnp— so simple that there Is noth
ing at nil terrifying about It at first. It merely is a large frame
of wood, with a collar In the middle. It weighs about fifty,
pounds, and is so made that it can be locked around a man's
neck. When It Is so locked it rests directly on the muscles of
the neck and on the bones of the shoulders, and It Is so con
structed thit It cannot be shifted even a tenth of an Inch, nor
can the weight be relieved with the hands. In addition, the col
lar has a sharp rim underneath. At first the victim does not
suffer much, except from Inconvenience. He Is turned loose as
scon as the Cangue Is locked on him, and for an hour or two
he waddles around In fair comfort. But gradually as the sharp
edge of the collar cuts deeply, into the flesh of his neck and all
his muscles are drawn more and more tense pain begins to
conquer him, and In a week the torturers have the felicity of
seeing a maddened wretch stumble and fall around blindly,
weeping and yelling with anguish. Remember, in addition,
that the Cangue is so made trfat the man in It cannot feed
himself or drink, and must depend on others, which gives his
jailers the chance to p.dd the torture of hunger and thirst to
his other sufferings, and the extent of this "easy" punishment
may be estimated.
BAMBOO SLIVERS.
The bamboo furnishes favorite implements for Chinese lepal
tortures. Sharpened slivers of bamboo are used for countless
purposes in countless ways. Indeed. If the reader will imagine
just what' he would hate most to have done to him with a bam
boo sliver he will hit something that the Chinese are sure to
do. The most simple and merciful deeds are to stick tiny
slivers all over their victims and to leave them there to fester.
Worse still is the cheerful practice of driving wedge-shaped
pieces of bamboo under the finger or toe nails of accused per
sons. This Is done gently and slowly with a mallet, and the
hammering is kept up until the victim confesses or the judges
decide that It is enough.
IMPALEMENT.
Impalement Is a popular amusement. A sharpened bamboo
stake is used for this pleasing diversion. The sufTerer Is pin
ioned and !aid .on the ground. Then the executioner either
drives the stake through him as an insect would be impaled
on a pin, carefully avoiding any immediate mortal injury, or
the stake Is forced along the whole length of the body, provid
ing a death somewhat more swift but even more hideous to
contemplate. In one unspeakable form of impalement the yel-
low wretches do not carry It far enough to kill the victim at
once, but stop just so that he will live in Incredible agrony for
days and days and sometimes even weeks, during 1 which time
he is placed on public exhibition.
CRUCIFIXION.
Crucifixion Is a common form of punishment, but usually
it is onry a mere accompanying detail of other tortures. Thus
a man may be crucified and left in the sun to die from thirst.
Or he mny be nailed to a cross with his head shaved and cov
ered with sweet syrup to attract insects that will bite him to
death after days of suffering 1 .
Of all punishments that involve crucifixion, however, the
one that delights the official Chinese heart the most Is Llng-
C'hoe. Unp-Chee Is such a brilliant result of Ingenious thought
that th^ executioners rarely nail a man who Is to suffer this
form of punishment to the cross. They fear the pain from
that might interfere with his enjoyment of the real perform
ance, which is nothinp less than slicing him to death with dia
bolical skill. Therefore the man who Is to suffer L.fng-Chee
generally Is bound to the cross. Then there arrives the execu
tioner. An executioner skillful at IJng-Ch«e is viewed with
high respect in the empire, much as a successful bull fighter
Is viewed in Spain. To bungle in Uns-Chee and to slice so
much from the victim early in the game that he faints, or,
worse still, dies before he has suffered all the slicing that has
been decreed, would blacken the executioner's name forever,
and might even make him the next subject for Ling-Chee.
EXECUTION BY SLICING
The executioner is received with a little murmur of appro
bation, for his record Is as well kept in mind as Is the record
of an athlete In America or England. He bews to th» high
dttmltarle? and then takes one of his swords from the aword
carrier. who has followed him. They are wonderful swords
that are used by the Llng-Chee executioners. Sometimes they
are hundreds of years old and have records so long and bloody
that a person with n»rves might well shudder to touch them.
The executioner does not shudder. He knows- what depends
upon his delicacy of touch. Swiftly he swings the great weapon
around hi3 head till it whistles. Satisfied that it Is ready for
business he approaches the victim slowly. Remember that all
this time the poor wretch has been staring at the assemblage.
at the executioner, at the array of swords. He Is to be kept In
suspense still longer, for when the executioner approaches him
he does not begin at once to slice him. First he feints at him
and then withdraws. Then he makes believe apaln. Suddenly
the sword shoots In wickedly and one of the victim's eyebrows
Is sliced off eo neatly th.it it scarcely draws blood. Now begins
wonderful work— wonderful and devilish. It may be that tha
condemned man has teen the subject of great imperial mercy.
In that case he may have been blessed beyond compare by
having his sentence commuted so that he Is to be killed In only
twenty slices, whereas hardened offenders might have been
sentenced to die only after seventy-five cuts or even more. If
the victim is very lucky, the sword will be at him so swiftly
that the eye can scarcely follow it. At each stroke some part
of the poor bound body will fall to the ground. Now it may b«
a shoulder, now a piece of the breast, now an arm. Suddenly
the last cut Is made. It Is straight at the heart and the weapon
cuts It out and ends tfie suffering of the wretched man. But
the spectacle is not ended. The executioner now has to dis
member the corpse, and this he does with passes of th© sword,
each carefully studied and done according to regularly laid out
rules, till there Is absolutely nothing left on the cross and only
a pile of terrible fragments lies at Its base.
When I.InR-Chee Is to be a Ions operation and the victim
is to die only after long torture the slicing Is sometimes dona
so slowly that half the day elapses before the condemned man
dies. The executioner knows just what to cut without killing,
and he rocs to work as carefully as would a surgeon. Muscles
and tendons and flesh are stripped from the body with the
razor blade of the sword until only a dreadful framework re
mains that still hns awful life In it. And at this terrible spec
tacle the Chinese gaze stolidly, without an expression either
of pleasure or loathing.
HANGING IN SNAKE PIT.
.Another Ingenious torture that Is much used Is to suspend
the condemned man with his head down In a pit. At the bot
tom are snakes, toads and all kinds of loathsome reptiles,
which writh° within a few Inches of the victim's face. Hero
he Is left until the torture of the position, hunger, thirst and
reptile bites kill him.
TERRIBLE TORTURES
PRACTICED
By the Chinese.
THURSDAY JULY 19, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
tad ess All Communica ions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
MASACEirs office • T^pJ^^ZSS^VLz2^.
t-LKzllCATiOX OFFICE.. Mnrltct nnd Third. %. F.
Telephone l're«« 2O1.
CDITORML rtOOMS 217 to 221 Stev*n»o« St.
Telephone Pre«« 202.
Delivered »»T CwrrlerP. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Term* by Mail. Inclndinu Po«tn*ei
DAILY CALL (Sr..-!uiin* Sunday), one jrar I*'*
L5AII/T CAI-L. Occluding Sunday). 6 months J-W
E>AH<Y CALL <lr.rtn>:!nB- Sunday). S months I.E0
DAILY CAlAr-By sUirI* Month »c
PVNDAT CALL On* Year \ ¦*>
WEEKLY CALL On* Year L0 °
All poxtmaiiterii nre ¦ ntliortietl to receive
¦ obnpriptloiii.
£ami)> ocpiea will b< forwarded when requested.
™«— — i. —™»—
Mall «uberr!beT« In ordering chans* of addr^M should b«
particular to ct v * *>oth NEW AND OL.D ADDRESS !n order
l«> insure a. prompt icd correct compliance with their request.
oaklaMj OFFICE 1119 Droadwaj
C GEORGE KRO1NESS.
Msr.t£er Fore ; gn Advertising, MarqueUe Building. Chicago, j
<Lcn£ Dlstanc* T*lep-cae "Central Mtt"l
NEVC TORK CORHESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON. Heraid Squire ;
XKW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NnWS STANDS:
Ffcenrio House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel: j
Fremont Hctse: Aaditortuai Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Walftorr-Actarta Hotel; A. Brantaoo. U Unloa Scnara;
Murray li'.U HotcL
WASHINGTON 0. C> OFFICE VW.Ungton Hot». '
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
kit * •* ** 'M*»"f i*«." _? j7 Mcr.ttcmory. rrriKf *? '"'st nr' 1 *
Cot!', t JO o*cl<v-h. KK» Hayes, op^n ur.tll *:S3 o>|nrk. €Tt
McAllister, oren until 3:30 o'clock. 615 Lar-kln. open until
• :10 o'clock. .!*l Mlision. cpen until 18 o'clock. 2JS1 Market, j
ctrcer S!i?e«mh. < pen urUl i o'clock. 109S Valencia, cpea ;
until S o'clock. 106 Klerenth. open until 8 o'clock. N%V cor- ]
• r.rr T««rr.tv-«»rrnd an<2 Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
HIPPODROMING.
I / \UR partisan processes have gone far beyond
i I ) the simple ways that characterized the earlier
I years of the government.
1 True, our politics then partook of the character of
J the government, as developed in meeting the plain
issues and few responsibilities that were upon it. The
people, with but little partisan guidance, by spon
taneous community of action fixed upon candidates
for the Presidency, selecting those who had identified
themselves with the uppermost public issues, and the
campaign was a simple affair. Each State had its
different election day. The means of communication
! were primitive, and sometimes more weeks passed
by without general knowledge of the result at the polls
than hours do now.
I With the settlement of our continental domain, and
I the appearance of the many complex and sometimes
antagonistic interests that issue from our great va
riety of industries, our party politics and processes
have emerged from their former simplicity and are
now a maze of detail, complex, and often confusing.
The "letter of acceptance" by a Presidential candi
date is a very modern method of getting before the
country an exegesis of the party platform from his
\ standpoint.
There has grown now a ponderous notification com
i mittec. one for fhe Presidential and one for the Vice
j Presidential candidate. By courtesy and recent cus
: torn the permanent and temporary chairmen of the
! national convention head these committees. Each
j must make a speech and the candidate must reply.
Mr. Bryan introduced an innovation into these post
' convention ceremonies in 1896 by going away from
his own State to be informed of his nomination. He
went to New York City, proceeding under the most
; spectacular conditions, and was notified in the pres
ence of a vast assembly in Madison-square Garden.
If was regarded as a piece of political bippodroming,
and was beli(*ed to have injured more than it aided
the prospects of the party. The oratory was florid to
i a degree, and as Mr. Bryan had unfortunately spoken
j of going East as "entering the enemy's country," the
I feeling was not cordial. This year he proposes to
i perpetuate the custom of going away from home to
: get the news of bis nomination. Indianapolis has
j been selected as the scene of the spectacle, and the
1 whole ticket will be there. It will be by no means a
I one-night stand, either. The most ponderous prepa
rations are being made. . Mr. Bryan will have his
j ceremony first. The chairman of the notification
! committee will address him and he will reply. Mr.
I Stevenson will relate the story of his sensations upon
; being nominated for the Vice Presidency, as the tail,
' trail and appendix of such a brilliant comet, which
j revolves around the central sun of hope every four
i years. Other orators will tell the particular way in
which the country is going to the devil from his point
of view, and the performance will close. The morn
ing and the evening were the first day. The curtain
will ring down, and the parched throats be unparched
in preparation for the staging of the Vice Presidential
notification.
Mr. Stevenson will be taken by surprise the second
day. He will hear of his nomination and acknowledge
the knowledge with a grateful heart in his bosom
and a lurid tongue in his head.
Then Mr: Bryan will tell how pleasant it is for him
to wag such a bnllranr tail as Mr. Stevenson, and will
tell how it thrills him from sacrum to cervix, the
entire longitude of his political spine.
Then the crop of oratory that was not ripe the day
before will be harvested, and more dangers., pitfalls,
precipices, bogs and quicksands toward which the
country is blindly rushing will be pointed out, and
thereafter the campaign will be considered wide open.
It is a queer custom, among the modern additions
tothe party ways and means, this going into another
State to be notified. It is expected to make votes in
the immediate vicinity of the ceremony, but on that
theory it should lose them where it was not.
It is a custom in line with Colonel Bryan's intense
love of display. Fond of being an object of attention,
he proposes not to waste such an opportunity in a
community where familiarity has bred that contempt
for him which prevents his carrying of his own prec
cinct, so he goes on the road and hippodromes.
tion for the primary election on August 14 closes
July 28. Registration for the general election in No
vember will not close until September 26. Every
voter who registers before July 28 will establish his
right beyond all question to participate in both the
primary and general elections. As the law requires
every voter to register anew in order to vote at the
general election in November it is advised that the
trip to the City Hall be made before July 28.
We repeat that the issue is up to the Republicans
of Sjin Francisco. The time to beat the scheme of the
bosses and the Southern Pacific touts for controlling
the next Legislature is right now. Let the duty be
attended to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
Superintendent of the Mint Leach is convinced th-n
the steps nf the Mint were not constructed for poiiti
cnl purposes. The superintendent probably recalls
the fact that there is a saloon across the street-
The snrgeon in »he Receiving Hospital who
<! : agno«ed a case of fractured skull the other day is
alcoholism certainly ;»c«e?ses qualities of mind nnd
**Hncation which mint recommend" liim highly to his
f.-.periors an the bubonic Roard of Health.
Southern Pacific officials have been cited for con
tempt for disobeying an order issued by Judge
Bahrs. The gentlemen have been so frequently in
contempt of the courts and of the people that the
citation ought to be the promise of diversion rather
than of anything el*e.
There, was a time when the impecunious drinker
looking for a free drink from his favorite saloon
keeper sought to win a favor by getting a "tin roof."
The shrewd confidence man who now looks for
winking complacence must ask for "a ruef."
James Taylor Rogers is* probably convinced by this
time that in his experience at least there was one man
who positively declined to remain deac*
Want the Fence Removed.
A committee of storekeepers on Market
street, rear McAllister, consisting of
Frank Punn. S. B. Bogart and H. BJorn.
waited on the Board of Public Works yes
terday and filed a protest asra'nat the
maintenance of the fence around thf»
O'Callaghan property at the corner of
Market and McAllister streets. It was
represented that traffic had been Inter
fered with on account of the failure to
erect a temporary sidewalk and business
in the vicinity had suffered to a great ex
tent. Secretary Park communicated with
Albert Pissis. the architect of the build-
Ing, who premised to move the fence back
and construct the sidewalk immediately.
An Insolvent Merchant.
S. B. Kennedy, a merchant of Stockton,
filed a petition in Insolvency yesterday In,
the United States District Court. His lia
bilities are $4482 76 and his assets ar«
$2300. '". ¦¦::>*? \
Cal. glace fruit 50c per H> at Towusenfl**.*
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tn»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery 8t. Telephone Main 1W2. •
SATISFYING HERSPT.V
Mrs. Hiny— Did the Swaggers invite you
to their party?
Mrs. Snuhd— Goodness, no! They would
not dare to: I must draw the line of my
acceptances somewhere, and the Swae
gers know well enoueh which side of tha
line they are on.— Ohio State Journal.
We recommend the u» of Dr. Sieem'a A n
sostura Bitters to our friends who suffer with
df specsla. . 4
6
OF all -nations' and tribes and races on the face i of : the
earth to-day the Chinese are the most cruel, the most
devoted to fearful tortures of those In their power. .and
the most adept in devising ever new forms of martyr
dom for the objects of their hatred.
Torturing one might Bay it was a perversion. But they do not
nefelv KhtTiV They torture living creatures frorn^rats
iS^^ai a^nVaUe? STSSJ? Vh^ ~™
Supremely terrWeTn the matter-of-fact, stolid way in which
thS Sect a prisoner to demoniac pain with as much readi
rS as a magistrate in New York would sentence a man to
spend ten days "on the island."
FASHION HINT PROM PARIS.
SWEDE COLORED CLOTH DRESS.
The dress represented Is of bright Swede
colored cloth. The large lapels of the
bolero are edged with a shaped flounce.
The collar Is of velvet, rather darker;
tunic edged with a flounce headed with
narrow sik braid.
Praise for Tax Collector Scott.
The Peddlers' Protective Association has
forwarded a complimentary resolution to
Tax Collector Feott in which that official
Is highly praised for his efforts In placing
the peddlers of San Franci?co in a posi
tion whereby they can obtain an honest
living.
The resolution recites that the report of
*7. e Collector shows there were issued
444 peddlers' licenses at $6 per quarter,
against 216 Issued in the preceding quarter
at 510 each, showing a net gain to the c'ty
of ZJit. The dissociation appreciates the
businesslike efforts of Tax Collector
Scott, who has proven himself a true
friend to the Peddlers' Protective Associa
tion in urging the abolition of the free
license and the reduction of the quarterly
license to J6.
AJttUSEilENTS.
1 1. r ». fl: . T1 _ Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Great Ruby."
California— **Al 'Jay Coney Island."
Columbia — "The I.iars."
Tivc:i-"\Var.g."
Alcaiar— "lr^^rr.ar."
<jl\rc;»a, crner ila«cn ar.d Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and 1 heater— Vaudeville every afterauon an<!
evening.
Fischers— "Autumn Leaves"
Sutra Hstbs— Oren Nitrfcts.Alligator Pears.
L. O. Sresovlch Co. Juet received a. fine
lot. Those that know the flavor of fancy
salad, call at 621 Saasomo street. •
Money Deposited to Be Returned.
Secretary Park nf the Board of Public
Works denies a published {statement to
the effect that those who have deposited
money to cover tho cost of tearing up
the street to put in side sewers will lose
the difference coming: to them In excess
of the actual cost. Park says that there
Is $374 to the credit ol the fund, and all
thnse who have deposited such moneys
will receive whatever Is due them.
LARGE ESTATE
LEFT IN TRUST
TO ONLY SON
Will of Francis H. Woods,
the Capitalist, Filed for
Probate.
My horses, General and Pet, must not be sold.
a* they ¦ have • grown old In my service, and
when unable to be of pervlre I wish them by
the aid of a veterinary surgeon and an an
esthetic to die eaflly. . " .
E>r. George Woods, U. 8. N., his nephew,
Brooklyn, N. Y., $2500; Mrs. Annie E. Richards,
widow of his nephew, of San Francisco, f2500;
Hoys' and Girls' Aid Society of San Francisco,
$.-¦00- Mrs. E. I... Watson of Santa CHara. $10,0*50;
Miss L. Watson, now Mrs. Grant Taylor, of
Scnta Clara. $2000; Mrs. H. E. Robinson of San
Francisco, JSOOO nnd $50 per month during her
widowhood; Miss Minnie C. St*tson of Brook
lyn. N. Y.. grandniece of Woods' wife, -$500;
Miss Anne Connelly. ,an employe In his house
hold for twenty-five years, $1000; Eugene L.
Lowe of Mead. Washington. $1000; Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children of Ran
Francisco, and Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. $*.Cf» each; King's Daugh
ters* Home for Incurables of San Francisco,
$1000; Mr*. Parah Mllen of Han Francisco. 1500;
Mr* SlaeKie Daly. $300; Mtes Annie Blow and
Mis=s Nina Blow. H00 each: Mrs. M. A. Wills,
$:00; Hospital for Children nnd Training School
for Nurses, |3000; to provide memorial bed for
his daughter, to bo known as the Georgia Wood
McElroy bed. .
The following item is illustrative of the
dead man's love for animals:
The will of Francis H. Woods, the late
capitalist and stock broker, residing at 913
Pine street, who died July 8, was filed for
probate by Attorney T. J. Lyons yester
day. The will devises an estate estimated
to be valued at $5(30,000, subject to money
legacies amounting to about $35,000, to the
executors -In trust. The income is to be
paid to Harry Woods, son of the testator,
during his life. After his death $150 a
month shall go to his surviving wifa and
the balance to his children until the
youngest reaches the age of 26 years,
when the entire property is to go to the
two children. Frank and Clarence, aged
9 and 7 years Respectively.
The will contained forty^four codicils
and is peculiar in the fact that It was
begun in 1S92 by the dead capitalist and
was modified through successive changes
in his business affairs. Instead of de
stroying the first will, he added codicils
thereto until forty-four modifications had
been added to the original document. As
many bequests were revoked or restored
It was deemed best by the executors to
have the testament photographed and it
was taken by Attorney Lyons and a
Deputy County Clerk to a photographer's
Studio.
The executors are Harry F. Woods, Ed
ward Barry, Charles O, Mlnifie and Tim
othy J. Lyons. The following are the
legacies under the decedent's will:
"That the *aid Michael Curley. aged 60
years. Fupposed to b<» a machinist, resi
dence unknown, came to his death at the
City and County Hospital on July 15,
1!*00. through fracture of Fkull. presum
ably reee-ived at the corner of Second and
Minna streets. :n front of a saloon belong
ing to one M. C. Conroy. Wo further be
lieve that said injury was the result of
violence by parties unknown, ar.d we cen
rure one MrKcnzle, the steward of the
Receiving Hospital, for appumirg an
anthorlty not delegated to him in refusing
to rereive Curley when brought to e:\ld
KerHvir.g Hospital by the police."
Pt;rh was the verdict returned yes
terday by William Colson (foreman).
A. Arnrnronij, J. D. Miller, Otto M.
Bauer, A. H. Phillips. F. C. Hurst,
William Dollivrr and Robert Dalziel.
the Coroner's Jury In the case of
Receiving Hospilal Steward
McKenzie Blamed in
Curley Case.
NEGLIGENCE IS
CHARGED BY THE
CORONER'S JURY
President George W. McNear of the San
Francisco Produce Exchange made a re
port yesterday at the annual meeting of
the exchange concerning the progress be
ing made toward the formation of a lew
Merchants' Exchange. Tho Bale tf the
present Merchants' Exchange property
for $sriO,0OQ to the proposed new organiza
tion was authorized some time as;o. An
option of sixty days from July 1 last was
given, so President McNear reported,
then 170 members of the Produce
Kxchangre have enrolled themselves an
subscribing members to the proposed now
body, with the proviso that at least 500
members shall be secured. Six hundred
persons who are not members of the
i'roduce Exchange were Invited to sub
scribe. One hundred have accepted the
invitation and one hundred others hav?
promised to give the matter favorable at
tention.
"Every first class city has its largo gen
eral exchange, embracing in It? membci-
Khip all the various branches of trade,"
Balu Mr. McNear. "That such exchanges
do exist Is owing to the manifest advan
tages of co-operation. To my mind no
where is there greater need of kuch an
exchange than in the city of Kan Fran
ci?co. Let us take tho initiative and bring
together the mercantile, manufacturing
and shipping interests in one grand ex
change. Do not let the opportunity slip,
but rise to the occasion and make It a
success. Then we can all congratulate
ourselves upon the formation of a true
Merchants' Exchange that with Its benefi
cent supervision will be a fitting home for
all time for all the mercantile and finan
cial interests of this city."
The president also alluded to the gains
and losses in membership in the year last
past. J. Martenstcln. H. V. Demlng, H.
Dutard and S. Sweet had died, the first
three named having been charter mem
bers. Thirteen new members had been
admitted and thirteen retired.
The treasurer had a balance of $25>S4 69,
the president said. During tho year slxtv
nine'shares of Merchants' Exchange stock
were purchased at $00 per phare.
T C Frledlander was re-elected secre
tary by the board of directors.
Says Merchants Should Have
Representative Trade
Organization.
McNEAR URGES
FORMATION OF
NEW EXCHANGE
a practically unknown man who was In
all probability murdered. Conroy, the
saloon keeper, swore that Curley or
"Her.ry." as be had known him. whs not
In the saloon nt all on the morning of his
arrest. July 13, liut -vs-;is lying on the
sidewalk. One cf the jurors asked Conroy
a question which implied th" Juror's be
lief that Conroy had broken Curiey's skull
by striking him with a club or throwing
him out of th« salnun. Conroy took oftt-nse
at the question and remarked to the Juror
threateningly, "I'll get you yet; I'll ge-e
you again," as he left the room.
After the conclusion of the Inquest Cor
oner Cole said that since he had been in
the office of Coroner, he har] been an eye
witneps on at least three occasions when
bartenders threw drunken men out of
saloons violently to the pavement.
"I have supplied myself with a police
whistle," he added, "for the purpose of
calling a policeman the next time I see
anything of the kind occur. 1 have no
doubt that manv of these cases of drunken
men with fractured skulls have originated
in just that way.!'
Coroner Cole maOe a most searchlriB
Investigation into the matter, and obtain
ed every detail from the witnesses. From
their statements it appeared that Curley
was arrested on Second street at 4:40 a. m.
July 13, by Patrolman P. Butler. He was
drunk and almost unconscious to .ill ap
pearances. On being taken to the Central
police station. Prison Keeper John Par
rott noticing his condition, refused to re-
Ceive him, and suggested to the driver of
the patrol wagon that he be taken to the
City Receiving Hospital. The driver re
tdie<l that that had been done, that Hospi
tal Steward McKenzle had stepped out to
the patrol wagon, looked at Curley and
had ordered him taken to the City Prison,
remarking at the same time that then
was nothing the matter with the man but
drunkenness.
After Curley had been in the. drunks'
roll Fevcral hours, a trusty entered and
finked him his rame. Curley was lying on
Ms hack, but answered the question by
: ayinp that his name was Michael Curley.
that he was CO years old and a machinist
by occupation.
At fc:30 o'clock the came morning Curley
¦was unconscious and was sent te> the Re
ceiving Hospital and when Dr. Hunnell
arrived at 30:30 he discovered symptoms
r>f bra'n pressure. The next morning he
had Curley s^nt to the City and County
Hospital, where an operation was per
formed In tlj>' afternoon. Curley died the
next morning.
Steward McTOnzie.was disciplined for
his nrgloct to examine the man when he
wns brought to the Receiving Hospital,
but Dr. Bacisr.ilupl. who was In attend
ance, was not called to Fee the patient.
nr.d the unfortunate victim ftf official
neglect and maltreatment was sent to the
drunks' cell with a fractured skull.
The entire base of the skull from the
cmwn to the nape of th* neck was broken
In several places, nnd the brain was lac
erated along the edges of the fracture.
Dr. Cole said (hat if the Injury had' been
caused by a fall. Curley must have been
thrown down with much force.
boat, but that during the hours the
launches had left the spot the outgoing
tide drew the hull from the harpoon of
! the hooks into the swift undercurrent and
; carried it out into deep water, while the
i grappling irons, having released their
prizv, drifted loose and fell into the sea
! weed, where th<? diver found them to
; night. Whatever may have become of
th- boat no one now cares; the bodies are
i what the relatives of the two young peo
t pie want to find.
Old "--eamen h«-rr-. howeverj say that, like
i the boat, the bodies may have drifted out
Jo sea. John Kellv. who with his brother.
Thomas Kelly, conducted to-day's expedi
xu,n, s-iUl to-night: "I fear that thert> is
but little hope now fur tho discovery of
or any trace of the disaster which we
must believe befell my brother and Mi.«s
Warren. A reward will probably be of
fered for the recovery of th<> bodies. To
day has been a bitter disappointment to
me."
A message was received from Point
Richmond to-night by Attorney Harry
IMmor.d to tho effect that an oar had been
tound r-a-t ashore there. A direct current
.~ets from Raccoon Straits, where it is
generally believed the disaster must have
occurred, to I'olnt Klehmonu. tsnouia tne
oar prove to be a broken tipped one. as
one of the pair in Kelly's bout was known
to be. It will leave little doubt as to the
fate of the boat's occupants and the boat
hernelf.
I. ate to-night Thomas Kelly telegraphed
to Point Richmond to ask that the oar
found be sent to San Francisco on the
morning boat to be tdentilSed.
The description of the oar so exactly an
swers that of one used by Kelly that
yachtsmen hero believe that a mutt* wit
ness of the bay tragedy has at last been
found.
SEARCHING FOR THE BODIES OF THE TWO LOST ONES.
descended in the spot where the boat was
thought to have been found. After a
careful soarch below the waters the diver
on his return to the surface announced
thru his search had been fruitless. Ha
v.-as unable to perceive any trace of boat
or bodif-s, and the grappling irons, which
w<re thought by the searching party to
have encountered th«? missing boat, were
fan to a mags of seaweed four fathoms
below the surface.
After their hopes had been raised nlgn
In* the expectation of recovering the bo«i
i»-^ or at all events some mute evidence
of the circumstances of the tragedy the
disappointment to all engaged in to-day s
has been bitter, and the search
J:as been practically abandoned. To-mor
row a few boats wi!l make a last effort
to locate s<>me trace of the disaster, but
beyond asking every bay and river cap
tain to keep a t-harp lookout for the lost
Ivat and perple. this will end the aelii'e
ncaHirrt for the recovery <>f the bodies.
The Norwood and MacNell left this
morning for Lyfords Cove, the ?P'>t wh^re
»::rl F. r?c-iff-rt of the Bioop Whirlwind
declares he saw a catboat. oontair.ir.tr a
man and a woman, cwpeiz*- during the
southwest wind which nnu!«» navigation
perilous in the Raccoon Straits la?t Sun
day afternoon. After c-astini? out their
prappling inns in Lyfords Cove the two
launch*"^ slowly unrkwl tiielr way around
Sharic Point Jilio Paradise Cove, ;ib,o-jt n
mile to the northeast of Tiburon. Here
the grappMr.s Inns of the Norwood, han
i\\e<\ by John L»wis. encountered a hard
ni;iss. It way pulled aboard and the sharp
points were found to be oovt-reJ with what
«eemtsl to be white paint. The MacNell
did the Fame thing with the <ame re«ult.
The lost catboat had been n*wly painted
white a wepk before she wa« lost. The
two launches, after making fast the frr:ip
pMng line to the etcrn of a skiff to mark
the place, left for Helved«'re to await the
ebb Ticle at 5 o'clock in the evening. At
that hour they again <t;irte«3 out.
In the meantime a diver had been sent
for bv J. M. Uuterson. who. with Attor
ney Harry Dimond. played a prominent
part in to-day's search. The diver came
THE leaders of the Democracy of
San Francisco gathered last night at
the banquet given in honor of Sena
tor John \V. Daniel of Virginia by
the Monticello Club, in the conservatory
of the Palace Hotel. The banqueters
marched in the beautifully decorated
banquet-hall at 8 o'clock, and the speech
making began at 9:30 o'clock.
The fame of the honored guest, his rare
eloquence, the renown of the other speak
ers and the elegance of the banquet made
the event a memorable one in the annals
of California Democracy.
Judge. William P. Lawlor, president of
the Monticello Club, presided. At his right
was seated Senator Daniel, and to hi9 left
sat Senator J. C. Sims, Acting Mayor
Tobin and James G. Magulre.
Judge L,awlor made a short address Of
welcome and Gavin McNab responded to
the toast, "Our Guest." The toast was
drunk standing, and three hearty cheers
were given for the honored guest. Sena
tor Daniel was introduced, and spoke as
follows:
You have conferred upon me a rare and most
distinguished henor and have given me a hap
plne?s that will gild and brighten -ait my life.
My trip to California has been one of unal
loyed p!eatur<». I had not intended to come
so far West, but at Kansas City I contracted
tho Western fever. I know 1 shall never re
cover from it. What Is more, I don't want to.
When 1 return and the question Is put to me,
•'What Impressed me most on m>' trio?" there
can be but one answer. The thing that has
made the most Impression en me la the in
finite hospitality and generosity of the people
of San Kranrlseo and of California. My re
ception has been such that 1 hav«- become as
Inoffensive a partisan as the worst mugwump
could wish. My Republican frl?nd9 Of Cali
fornia, -whom 1 have known in Washington.
ha >- e extended so many courtesies to me that
I have seen the Kepubllcan party in a better
lipht tf-.an I ever did before.
1 recall with some pride of nativity that it
was a Virginian that l*d the expansion move
ment that added California to the Union. There
in no constitution of any government that so
easily ndaptH itself to expanMon as the consti
tution of the United States. No party In any
country hns added so much new territory as
| has th*» Democratic party to the original te.rrl
' tory of the United State?. But because we have
! b«-en a party of expansion it 18 well to remem
¦ ber that we have been a party of natural ex
pansion; that the Democratic party has fol
lowed the atflnliles of nature. It made the
t'nited States, by the acquisition of the terri
' lory of lx>uislana and the territory acquired af
1 ter the Mexican war, the most compact, har
montous material f«r a great country that the
sun ever shone upon.
But because man eats at a banquet. It does
not follow that he should goree himself. U«
causi he takes a drink of your Jellghtful Cali
fornia wine, it does not follow that he should
drink nolson. So it does not follow that the
nation should expand by the addition of any
thing that comes along by chanca or the hatarJ
of bttttle.
Where the Democratic party has planted the
flag It has carried the constitution and the 1m
i mortal princlitlee of the Declaration of Inde
pendence. It is unworthy of this grtrat nation,
whose mission la to educate the world In the
UiefKlnge of independence, that there xhould be
any acre of It that Is not free, or any human
soul that Is not as free a« his brethren.
If you search through the principles of gov
ernment enunciated in 1776 you will flnd one
bed-rock truth. It Is that taxation and repre
sentation mim bo together. If you will pre
serve that one principle and let no more burden
be laid ui>on a |*ople except by the deliberative
voice, you will do more tor the betterment of
humanity than by the enforcement of any
other elngle principle. The one objection that
lay across my path and said: "You cannot
conscientiously vote for the retention of the
I > hlllpi>lncs > ".wa» that the people are not such
that they can become properly a part of our
Beir-governing people.
Thts Government cannot eo off on a career
of conquest and mak? one-half of Its people
subjects and preserve the other half tree In
any true sense. We cannot raice the Oriental
horden up to the level of American eitUenshlp.
1 know I am Hpcaklng here In a State and in
a community which has reaped as much ma
terlal wilvantaRP from expansion as any, but
the time has come when It Is nut necessary to
Bhoot, when It is not necessary to conquer.
when it is not necessary to annex a people In
order to get th*-!r tra«l#. We are going to g«t
the trade of the Orient, not because we send
NATIONAL CLUB SIGNS
MOFFATT TO FIGHT RYAN
The next fight In this city promises to
be one that will tickle the palate3 of all
the followers of flstlc buffeilngs. The Na
tional Club has matched Tommy Pyan
and Jack Moffatt to light for a $3Oj0 purse,
both men to weigh in at the ringside
within a lCS-pound limit. September 7 Is
the date set for the battle.
Moffatt has already signed and Ryan
has agreed to artix his name to the con
tract when presented. From communica
tions already received by the National
Club managers they contemplate no ob
stacles in the way of obtaining Ryan's
signature to the agreement. The pilrse.
is handsome In size and the conditions as
to weight are In Ryan's favor.
Should these two men be brought to
gether a rattling. Interesting mill would
be on the programme. They have faced
one another before, and at that time gave
an exhibition that wan satisfactory to
ring patrons, although Ryan demonstrated
a superior ability in cleverness and ring
generalship. This fight went Its limit,
Kvan getting the decision.
Since then Moffatt has made rapid and
decided improvement as a fighter. His
performance' last Friday evening at Me
chanics' Pavilion, when he gained the de
cision over Al Xelll. has elevated him a
class in the eyes of local critics. He !b
strong, cool, cautious nnd. enduring. In
regard to Tommy Ryan's ability and won
derful cleverness there is a general agree
ment. This fight should be a heart
warmer. ' '
ovor on the launch Amy and after being
under the water almost an hour told the
searching party frankly that further ef
fort would be useless. There was no boat
there. The Amy then returned to Sari
Francisco, while the searchers, tired out
and disappointed, came to Belvedere 'to
give the disappointing news to the ex
poctant town.
The white paint in the grapnels* Is a
stubborn fact to many here, aud they give
It as their opinion that the grappling irons
did actually encounter the misfelng cat-
The Democratic party has nominated two
men of jipotles* character. One has been test»d
In office and cut and has eaine.i the love and
respect of men of both parties. The other,
whom we have namM for our chi»ftaln. Is on*
of the most remarkable of Americans— a man
who would rather b« rleht than be President,
and. who, I believe. Is going to be both.
Other toasts were responded to as fol
lows: "The Campaign of lPOO." Senator
J. C. Sims; "United. Stutes of America,"
James G. Maguire; "The Sage of Monti
cello," Frank H. Gould: "Our Candi
dates." Franklin K. I^ane: "State of Cali
fornia," Robert Ferral; "City and Coun
ty of San Francisco," Acting Mayor Jo
seph Tobln.
Letters of regret wore read from ex-
Governor Budd ajid Barclay Henley.
the shotildpr-strap. but 1 because America can
send the be-<t goods and the mest intelligent
peor'e to handle them.
All men can see that If this new expansion
be tolerated. If It be approved. America wi',1
never again b« what It was. While the wrr!.1
pov.-pr of muskets will be felt. It will have lo«l
some of that power of example which Is m>r'
glm-lous than the force of arms.
False Hop2s Raised by Searchers
in Ly fords Cove.
STILL NO TRACE OF THE MISSING
CATBOAT AND ITS TWO OCCUPANTS
The Eloquent Virginian Discusses
Expansion at the Monticello
Club Banquet.
DEMOCRATS HONOR
SENATOR DANIEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,. JULY. 19, 1900.
7
Cf=^ LXVEDERE. July IS.— This morn-
jy Ing at 10 o'clock Tiburon and Ecl
m vc<3ere woro in wlM excitement
== -j // cn-or a report that the boat in
¦which Mips Bepsie 'Warrpn and
T"bia* J. Kelly are supposed to have
bcea lost last Bunday had been found
In l-y^rds Cove, where, as told In this
Tiirriiir.es Call. Carl F. Sclfert of the
Whirlwind claims to have seen a catboat
capsize. A <21 vor was telephoned for and
TEETH KXTRACTKD AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
ycientlflc method applied to tha ffumr. No
sleep-produclnir agents or cocaine.
• These «r« the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
end Ingredients to extract, fill and apply Bold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetdctHblv fr'in
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THF! LEAST PAIN. Full «-t of
teeth J5; a perfect fit fuaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $3. Gold filling. $1. Silver flll-
Injrd. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to "0 years' experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Olv«
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We mill tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a KitEK
EXAMINATION.
A GLITTEP.I*; ATtRAT OF FIP.ST-CLAS3
TALENT.
MISS LILLIAN LUiKHART ia "Cap-
tain 5nsan?e"
WILLIAMSON AND STONE; .1011 V JXW)-
HI'K AND MATT1E NI< HOLS; SMITH
AND Pt7U.KR; BARRKKE AND Jl'LF.rt;
QT'AKER lITV QUARTET: STKLLA MAY-
HEW; CLAYTON WIIITK AND MAK1H
STI'AFiT. as»Iite«l by MISS EVA RAN-
DOLPH: AMERICAN BTOCRAPH.
Reaerveti seats. 25o. ; balcuny. 10c. : oper*
chairs nnd btni scatJ, ZOr.
Matlr.p»s WtttoasdaTi Hatnrday ana Sunday.
ALL. THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATTRDAT,
CHARLKS FROHMAN Pres-nf3
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL C-OMPAN'Y
In Henry Arthur Junes' Brilliant Comedy.
"THE LIARS."
Next Momiav-yiFTH WEEK
HEVRT MrLLF.R BEAfOK
"HIS KXCKLLEN'ry. THK GoVHRN'OR."
THIS (THURS~AFTERNOON.
FIR5T OF THE
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
MaiTiiflc«nt!y lllustrnt^rt. Suhiwt. "Manila."
T., Ee Repeats! SUNDAY N'IGHT!
" Dfar Mrs. Pixkham:— I was sick for
two years with falling of the womb, and
inflammation of the ovaries and bladder.
I was bloated verj' badly. My left limb
would stoII so I could not step on my
foot. I had such bearing down pains I
could not straighten up or walk across
the room and such bhooting 1 pains would
go through me that I thought I could
not stand it. My mother pot me a bottle
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and told me totry"it.t I took sii
bottles and now, thanks to your won-
derful medicine. \ am a well woman."
—Mrs Elsie Brvax, Otisville, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Walter ilorosco Sole Lessee and* Mana;*r
TH E r£* JjRfc A RS B gj^ttJTCGM*
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP!
THE GRFAT RUBY f
rxAxiMorsi.Y pronounced rt tiif;
PRF:S3 THE GREATEST PPvODL*CTIO>T
EVER WITN'KPPEO IIl.'RK.
PRICES — ".c. see. 2Sc. I5o
SATVRDAY MATINEK— 50c. He. 15c. 10c.
AMUSEMEJ7T3.
Encrmotis Success of th<* Comic Opera.
Th» Oreatesit Pr;r1act!rn Ev»r Se»B Her*.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Faturday at 2.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
MONDAY. JULY 30. OAI.A OPEN'IXfi OP
THE GRAND fcPERA S£A ON
SALE OF £EATS OrEXS N'HXT ?JON'DAT.
POPrr,AI> PRTr-FTR-TTe and Sn<-.
T>!»phcne— T?nsh 9.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their appreciation of ths
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by making them their
headqua'rters when visiting San
Francisco." i] ' • ' • ¦ "• .
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one mann^n-
ment on the American and European
plans.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
There is no more delightful trip on the
coast than a ride through Marin. Sonoma
and Russian River Valley, and it becomes
a positive pleasure when it can be taken
in comfort. Take excursion to Uklah Sun-
dav July 22. Only $2.00 for round trip, and
each ticket s»old Insures a seat. •
There is a pood collection of Bibles in
the National Museum at Washington and
amonR others one of Cromwell's pocket
Bibles, which he Rave to every soldier in
his army, with Instructions to carry It in
a pocket made especially for that purpose
In the waistcoat over the heart.
Th»r» ha* h*pn <!1fc~v«t»i1 by th* State
M#-31ra1 InMirut*. 203 El*ktrrn building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. the mest rcmarkaM* Hlood PotEon
cur* rrw heard of. It h«s cured nil such in-
<!!c»tlon« mm mufoui ratchea In the mouth.
»ore throat, copper colored tpota. chancrei,
ulcerstions en the bedy and in hundreds ol
case* where the hair and eyebriws had fallen
cut «nd the whole rkln »as .1 mass of bolls.
jilmplM and ulcers this wonJerfu!" t p«?clflc ti&m
ccmpletclr chanced the whol« -«xjy into a
clean, perfect cunditioa of phy-jk-al lealtfc.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brlngj
eccrec of EUfTerers seeking this new and marvel-
to realize what a truly marvel3<j« work tbe in-
etitute is accomplishing they mVL tend free t*>
ever>' ewfferer a free trial treatment t-o that
every on« can cure themselves in the privacy
ct their own home. This !s the 3ily known
cure for Blood Poison. Da not agitate to
write at cdcf and the free trial mlil "je tteut
n.iuti la pUia i^lAge. . .
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Fail id
to Even Help.
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stige
of the Dise is?.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Cures BSogiI Poison
B O
• No truer words were ever said* ¦
• Anita Cream actually re- a
e moves the outer cuticle and \
g with it all disco'orations and g
n coaxes to the surface a fresh, •
S new skin, as soft and trans- "
2 parent as an infant's. g
I ANITA CREAM 1
0 D
• Is a positive CURE for tan, m
5 freckles, liver mole, rroth S
§ patches, etc.. and has stood g
¦ the test for years. «
2 Further particulars, instruc- §
• tions and a sample sent to any *
• address for 2c postage. Full ¦
2 size jar for 50c. 2
¦ Anita Cream & Toilet Co., 207 •
B Franklin St., Lbs Anse!e>, Cal. ™
Voters, Attention.
Register at once: Ofllce open 8:30 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ' continuously after July 15.
1900. '• ' • •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Positively cored t?y CiezQ
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspeorf 1 *.
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*.
feet renawiy tor Dizziness. Nausea* Drowsi»
ness, BadTasteto tbe itocth- Cciied Icrijr 11 *
Pain In the Side, TORPID UVER. Thej
Rr?5ulate the Bowels. Fcrdy Vegetable.
Sinail Pin, Small Ooso«
Small IP??:2£-.
WeaHy Gall $1.00 prte
SUTRO BATHS
OPEX NIGHT&
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 1" p. m.
ADMISSION 1<V. CHILDUEN 3c.
Bath!ne. ineiuitlr.s: edmlsjtrn. 2ic; children. tPc.
UTCrHP'R'Q CONCERT HOUSt.
rioL»ri.Ein o Admission io^.
LENORE. WHITE & CO. In "AUTUMN
LEAVE?." Edw-arrt V. A'Jams. Violet Johp-
«rn Isat 1 *!!* l"r«1»rwrod an<l N>w Moving
Pictures by EDISOTT8 PROJECTOSCOPK
MATINEE SUN PAT. Reserved Seats. £c.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
WALLACE, TOE UNTAMABLE LION.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES, and a
LADIES' BASKET BALL CONTESf.
Or<J«r S*at» by Phone. Park 23.
CAKEWALK— SATURDAY NIGHT
#Lvh eat r £^Ar
EVERY NICHT THTS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WH1TTLESET.
F.eautlful Picturesque Production.
"THE COUPJTRY GIRL"
Seats Now on Sate for Next W#ek.
CROWDS LAUGHED,
AND WHY NOT YOU ?
MATHEWS & BULGER
And DUNNE A RTLKY'B ALJ^STAR CAST
AT GAY ell! ISLAND!
ALL. THIS WEEK. ONLY MATINEE SAT-
URDAY.
Next Sunday Kijht. for th« First Time in
San Francisco. MATHEWS & BULGER will
produce tb«lr original surcesi,
"RUSH CITY"
By Gna H«ece, Author of "Ole Olson" and
"Yon Yonsen."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
OVARjAH^TROUBLES.
I/rdist f:. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoond
Cares Them -Two Letters from Womrn,
" Dkap. Mbs. Pixkham: — I write to
tell yon of the good India E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has don©
me. I was sick in bed about five weeks.
The right side of my abdomen pained
me and was so swollen and sore that I
could not walk. The gn^KT^tSJI
doctor told my hns-
band I would have to j^^»1^5«
undergo an operation, p^^^ciilrk
This I refused to do £r\%j^^P[
until I had given your it^ffijrvS
medicine a trial. Be- /Ofif^()K%S£j
fore I had taken £/&$^1{hM
one bottle the -gS&T W^\^fY^
swelling 1> C "^T^K i 'I ! H
pan to disap- T^S( ft' 1
pear. I con- ' *W j[ // 3
tinued to use t-Ajv_;'/| I
your medicine — TT\Jj \
until the swelling /./ \
was entirely gone. Ill \
When the doctor Uj ¦
came he was very $$S^^£K55~5*
much surprised to
see me to mnch np*?~^n *'
better."— Mas. Maby Smith, Arlington,
Iowa.
$9 PLATES K^^a
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mails I
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 803 Cal.. CInnle Bg.
COAL. COK8 AND, PI3 IPO\
If WII VON * f fi *°° Battery Street
J«t» WlLaUn g UI-. Telephone Main 1581
CCH'PF.R SMITH.
C W QMITII Sh! P Plumbing. Steamboat and
W- IT- JJU lil. s n ip Work a specialty. 1« and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main £641.
KLEC1R1CAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. M East St.
FRRSH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RnYFS * ffl SJilpptnn Butchers. 18*
JA3- DUlCJ tt W' Clay. Tel. Main 1TH.
GALVAMZINC1 AND MB7AI.S.
Urn. A Dealer In Metals & Galvanlzln*. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard St.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Chem. Co.. 1163 Howard.
LITHOORAPHING.
Union Lithograph Co.. 825 Sansotn- st.. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Inuprlntlnjr of Revenue Stamps.
METAL.
Extra" linotype and ster-otype metM. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First st., San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OIL& LKONARD & EL-
LIS. 418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1713.
PA NTS.
Cylinder A Lubricating Olts. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 3. F.
I'WINri * i-
I' Cr flUUllcS. 5U Jarisome «t.i 8. P.
PRINT-WS. BOOKEINDSRS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
r&'jL.'* 23 First st. San Francisco.
MATIONH%{ ANl> PRlXTK'f
Tri c*<£ p , hlc PARTRIDGE ** £££""*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is th- Be«t Coal in th«
market. Office and Tards— 450 Mala street.ANOTHER POLITICAL
CRISIS IN KOREA
Concerned in the Assassination
of the Empress.
Japanese Princes Said to Have Been
VANCOUVER, B. ' C. July 18.— Oriental
advices to-day by steamer Empress of
India bring the news of another political
crisis in Korea, According to the Kobe
Chronicle, the Japanese Prince, Li Chun
Yo, was implicated by the confessions of
Kivong and An, who were barbarously
tortured and strangled at Seoul for hav
ing been concerned in the assassination
of the Korean Empress two years ago.
The Emperor of Korea demanded of the
Japanese Minister that Prince Li and his
father be delivered up for vengeance, but
fhe Japanese Minister declined- to accede
to this request. Then, according to the
Chronicle, Kim Young Ching, described as
the official assassin of the Korean court,
was sent to Tokio to kill Prince LI Chun
Yo and his- father. The plot was frus
trated, however, and the assassin was ar-
National Administration and the
NOMINATIONS IN IDAHO.
Philadelphia Platform Strongly-
Endorsed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, July 18.— The Republican
State Convention to-day nominated tho
following ticket: Presidential electors —
Senator George L». Shoup q£ Lernhi, Judge
\V. B. Hey burn. J. W. Rowton of Idaho
County; for Congress, John T. Morrison
of Canyon; for Supreme Court, Edgar. C.
Steels of Latah; for Governor, D. W.
Standrod of Bannock; for Lieutenant
Governor, A. A. Crano of Kootenai; for
Secretary of State,- M. Patrie of Fremont;
.for State Auditor, Harry J. Syms of El
more; for Attorney General, George E.
Gray of Oneida; for Superintendent of
Public Instruction, Miss Jessie Reilly of
Blaine; for Mine Inspector, N. Robert
Bell of Custer.
The platform Indorses the national ad
ministration, expresses confidence in its
ability to handle thb Chinese question
properly, strongly Indorses the Philadel
phia platform, favors suppression of
trusts, expresses gratitude for the ser
vices of the State volunteers, In
dorses the course of United States Sena
tor George L- Shoup and arraigns the
State administration for depriving set
tlers of the privilege of securing land by
tying up large and valuable tracts for
State purposes. The labor plank is as fol
lows:
The pa8t history of the Republican party and
Its record in the State is a safe guarantee, that
public order will b* maintained therein,' that
life and property will be protected and obe
dience to law enforced • on all alike, through
the established form of laws; that, no man
shall be deprived of life, liberty or, property
without due process of law, nor shall the right
of any njpjt to seek and obtain or contract for
labor or employment In accordance with the
law be In any wise curtailed or interfered with.
Sensational Dead Heat in the Babylon
Stakes at Brighton Beach.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
NEW YORK. July 18.— A sensational
dead heat in the Babylon Stakes and an
accident Jn the last race made the big
crowd at Brighton Beach to-day almost
forget the discomforting weather. In
the sixth race Harry Iteed, with Maher
up, and Velvet, with Mackay, fell In a
cloud of dust. Maher's arm was sprained.
Mackay was not injured.
A world's record was broken to-day.
Watercure made a new record In the fifth
race. He was the longest shot in the
race. His time, 1:51 1-5, marks a new
world's record for one and one-eishth
miles. The former record. 1:51%, held by
Tristan, carrvine 114 pounds, was made
June 2, 1891. at Morris Park. The time in
the Babylon stakes 1:26, 2-5, Is a new track
record for seven furlongs. Results:
One mile— Alsicke won. Long Isle second,
Harry McCoun third. Time. 1:40.4-6.
One mile and a sixteenth — Prince McClurg
wen. Blue Devil eecond, McLeod of Dare third.
Time, 1:46 1-5.
Five furlongs, selling:— Petra II won, Cherries
second. The Regent third. Time. 1:03 4-5.
The Babylon Stakes, selling, seven furlongs —
Bombshell and Native ran a dead heat; Ve
suvian third. Time, 1:26 2-5. ."t
One mile and an eighth— Water Cure won,
David Garrlck second, Herbert third. Time,
1 :L1 1-5.
Five furlongs, selling — Songster won. Marble
head second, Judge Tarvin third. Time, 1:00.
ST. LOUIS. July 18.— Results:
. Six furlons* — Kindred won. HI Knocker eec
ond. Harry Duke third. Time, 1:19%.
One mile and three-rixteenthe — Chlckamauga
won. Colonel Gay second, Sadie Levy third.
Time. 2:13.
One mile and a sixteenth — Banish won.- Rush
fMds second. Nan Dora third. Time, 1:54%.
Owners' Handicap, one mile and seventy
yards— Molo won. Lord Neville second, Llbbie
third. Time, 1:51%.
Handicap. Blx and a half furlong*^ — Tom Col
lins won. HI Kollar second, Brightle. S third.
Time, l:r7Vi.
Five furlonKs— Edna Greene won. The Butcher
second. Orleans third. Time, l:07V4.
CHICAGO, July 18.— Results:
One m'le — Mr. Brown won. Advance Guard
second, Foalea third. Time, l:40H.
One mile and a sixteenth— Espionage won,
Oorge Xrats second. Hard Knot third. Time.
1:47.
Six furlongs, handicap— Vitelllus won Kid
Cos Becor.d. Fancy Wood third. Time, 1:15^.
Ore mile and twenty yards— The Lady won.
Gold Fox eecond. Head Water third. Time.
1:42. J. A. Morris won, but was disquallHed
for foul Inc.
Six furlongs— Mlsn Shanley ' won, Patroon
second. Silver Garter third. Time, 1:14%;
Seven and one-half furlongs— High Jinks won
Little Reggie second, Crosby third. Time,
1:24%. ..-',.
Cholera on Shipboard.
! MALTA. July 13.— The British steamer
Borneo, Captain Gregror. from Calcutta
for London, has arrived here and has been
quarantined at the Island of Comlno, be
tween Malta and Gozo. in consequence of
five deaths from cholera having occurred
on board during tho voyage.
1 DETROIT (Mich.), July IS.— The biggest
Blake of the trotting season, the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers', which was
Oxotted at the Grosse Pointe track to-day,
1-was a gamely fought strupgle from the
Start until the sixth heat was finished in
the gathering twilight by Lady Geraldine,
.the winner, and Arir.ie Burns, the only
etartcrs ¦who remained In the game. Of
the prime favorites Henry S. went lame
after appearing on the track preparatory
to the first heat; Battleslgn cut a tendon
of his left forefoot during the second heat
smd was not started. The elimination of
these fast trotters made it look like any
body's race. The time was not propor
tionately fast, the track being somewhat
Jieavy after the rains.
Twelve thousand people saw to-day's
events. Eight thousand occupied the seats
end aisles of the grand Ftand; the others
etood in the betting spaces and filled the
lawn and quarier stretch space. Approxi
mately JWUJOW is estimated to have gone
into the betting pools.
Until yesterday Lady Geraldine was
owned hy Jssac L,. <Joff. of Providence,
lihode Island. To-day it was announced
he had sold her. but the buyer and the
consideration were not divulged. The new
owr.f-r placed the bay mare In the hands
<jf Kd Oeers. the veteran driver, and Geers
drove her to the winning, thereby get
ting first and third money, amounting to
upward of $6000.
In the r.rst heat G*ers tried to drive out
of the bunch in the utreteh, but Geraldine
broke at the critical point and Battlesign
tim&hed two lengths ahead of Axtello.
lO&Cy Geraldine made a sensational win
r.ing" of the second heat, rushing past Ax
tello, who was Fecond after Battlesign's
accident. Annie Burns got her nose In
front for the first time during the third
liopt. after a brush with IW Arthur.
Geers tried another of his«spurts in the
ftretch. but Geraldine broke Just as she
was passing K'd Arthur and Burns, and
The latter won the heat.- Annie Burns also
captured the fourth heat, closely chased
In bv Geraldine. The gray mare, however.
<-ut "up badly during the fifth and Geers
tlrove Gcraidlne in slow, evidently to pre
vent a shutting out of Burns, who nar
rowly orcaped it. The gray mare broke
liaxily In in* 1 stetch la the last heat, and
the bay won easily In slow time. Lady
Pipr-r. the favorite, won the 2:13 pace, and
James It, an outsider, the 2:29 pace. Ke
tultE:
2:1? trottiner. puree J1I00, two In three, un
rniEhPd Holiday— Cornelia Belle won second
*nd third heats and race. Tlir.e. 2:16, 2:17Vi.
<'arey C wen first heat In 2:15 ',4 and was second,
M&Sfde An<Jf>rson was third. Palmleaf, Abdul
Am«r, Harbor Master, AM Right and Will
J-rfine also started.
2:2'J naeinz. purse. fl0°0 — James R wen in
ftraicht heat?. Time. 2:14*i. 2:1C'4. 1:13. Hat-ma
Patchea pppnnd. Major Muscovite third. The
Admiral. Hilly George. Prince Eium, Tod Wil
liams and Maj^r S also etarted.
Merchants* and Manufacturers' Stakes. $10,
000, for 2:2>-clafi* trottors — Lady Geraldlne won
M-corxl. fifth and sixth heats. Time, 2:M\.
2:1*V. 2:12. A:.r. ¦<- Duns won third and fourth
heats and was Fecond. Time. 2:17Vi. 2:15. Bat-
U«-t;ga. withdrawn after second heat, won first
!Was Sold Yesterday by Isaac L. Goff
but Her U"ew Owner Is Not
Yet Publicly Made
Known.
Annexes the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Stake at
Grosse Pointe.
GAME STRUGGLE
WELL WON BY
LADY GERALDINE
Special Dispatch to The Call. <
NEW YORK, July 18.— At a meeting of
Anti-Imperialists held In accordance with
the previous call, at Plaza Hotel to-night,
it was definitely decided that a third
ticket will be placed in the field. An ap
peal will be made to those voters who are
not In aicordwlth either of the old parties
to support the new movement.
It was not the intention of those present
this evening to discuss the candidates or,
except In a general" way, principles. Be
fore adjourning announcement was made
that neither former President Cleveland
nor former Speaker Thomas B. Reed was
available as a candidate.
Mention was made of Admiral Dewey
and It seems to be the consensus of
opinion that he would consent to accept
the nomination and he would probably
prove to be tho most available man.
Believe the Admiral Could Be In
duced to Accept the Leader
ship of the New Political
Party.
Anti-Imperialists to Place a
Third Ticket in the
Field.
DEWEY MAY VET
BE NOMINATED
FOR PRESIDENT
heat In 8:15%. Axtello. Red Arthur Maud C.
George Alex. Walter Keim. George II. Ray and
Grade Onward also started.
2 13 racing purse I1SC0, two In three — Lady
Piper wen first and third heats- Time, 2:10'i,
2:12V Johnny Agan won pecond heat In 2:m*
and was eeconri. Cambridge Belle was third.
Fremont. Lottie Spon, Carmellta and Major
Marshall also ttarted.
DWENPORT, Iowa, July 18.— The sec
ond (lav's racing of the Western circuit
meeting was prolonged until dark to
night. To-day s racing was close and ex
citing, only o'ne event being captured by
straight heats. The weather was cloudy,
but the track was fast. Attendance S00O.
Results:
2:20 class, pacing, purse f5<W-Kassella, won
in straight heats. Time. 2:12»i. 2:12Mi. 2:14H-
Lou Vaughan second. Tommy Wilton third.
Harry B. Combat. Wanda. Lady Wilkes. Baby
Kid. Annie Gito, Ellas Payne and ProsDerity
also started.
2:35 class pacing, purse JTOO— Garnetta won
second, third and fourth heats. Time. 2:14*4.
2:12V 2:16Vi. Plum Lire won first heat in
2:15 1 > ana was second. Lasceslent third. Alice
Grey. Dolly Bashaw, Budmeyers and Lawrence
C also started.
2:15 class, trottinr. purse toO— Ansella won
flr«t, pecond and fifth heats. Time. 2:1S»4.
2:1GH. 2:1TH. Liege won third and fourth heats
ana was eecond. Time. 2:lo'»-i.. 2:17V;. Covette
third. Edith O and Gazelle also started.
Committee Appointed
to Wait Upon Pres
ident McKinley and
Assure Him of the
Support of League.
St* Louis Is Agreed
Upon as the Place of
Meeting for the
Next National Con
vention*
In the SHates of Y%>st Virginia, Montana,
Vtah. Washington, Louisiana and South Caro
lina the leagues have been reorganized and we
hope soon to see the Wisconsin Leaeue again
Upon retiring: from the presidency of the
TCatioiuU Republican League I gratefully ac
knowledpe- the many courtesies shown me by
the members during my tt-rra of office. That
jierind will always have a i<\cce among- th*
jm'asar.test memories Of ray life. To Secretary
Stine is due the warmest sentiment of grati
tude l»r his unswerving loyalty toward myself,
end the league is> to tw congratulated In hav
ing the fcnicw ol «?uch a capable and «?n
thusl&stic official.
At no time Finoe ISM have the Ftate leagues
bees in s=uoh pood condition fur effective work
: * at the present: old clubs are being organ
ized and rew one* formed, and ncvpr In the
history of the National League has ther?
been a brighter prospect for its usefulness in
national politics.
£tate conventions have been held in Arkan
sas California. Colorado. Illinois, Kansas.
Louisiana, Miohipan, Minnesota. Missouri.
Montana. Nel-mska. Ohio. South Carolina.
Tennessee. Texas. Utah. Vermont, Washington,
West Virginia, Wyoming. Oregon. South Da
kota and Indian Territory ami in the near
future conventions will l>e held in IVnnFyl
va-nia. Maryland. Xpw York. New Jersey, Con
r.ecticut, Nevada, lifho, North Dakota, Geor
gia, Iowa ar.d by the American College league.
All State conventions held thus far have betn
oonspieU'-"UF for the large attendance and un
bounded enthusiasm.
When tne present national of fibers were cho
sen they found many of the State leagues In
bad condition and some out c* business; our
*>:f.-r;!' have been directed toward improving
these conditions, and in most cases with satis
¦ factory results.
Stone's Parting Words.
President Stone addressed the meeting
83 follows:
Major Melville Hayes presented the re
port of the revision committee on behalf
of the executive committee. A vice presi
dent at large was provided for. being a
Bew oflice. A system of honorary mem
bership is provided as an additional finan
cial measure. Most of the other changes
imd to do with meetings and duties of of
ficers. The report was unanimously
adopted.
ST. PA 1*1... July 15.— The programme of
the National League of Republican
Clubs called for a three days' Bes-
Fion, but a movement was on foot
to-day to condense the last two days
Into one and close the session to-day. The
committee on time and place has agreed
cn Pt. Louis for the next convention.
At 1:10 o'clock President Stone called
•the convention to order. The committee
on credentials reported delegations pres
ent from Arkar.sas, California, Colorado.
Illinois. Indian Territory. Iowa, Kansas,
Kentucky. Louisiana, Maryland. Michi
gan. Minnesota. Mississippi. Missouri.
Montana. Nebraska. New Jersey, New
York, North Carolina. South Carolina,
l66stb Dakota. Texas. Vermont. Washing
ton, Wisconsin, West Virginia and the
College league, with 4140 votes.
The Incapacity of the Democratic party
brought poverty to the door of labor, distrust
to the hope of capital and despair to the homes
of the poor. Its activity is a threat to the
material prosperity of the country and Its tri
umph will be an Individual and public disaster.
To prevent this we invoke sobriety of Judg
ment and vigor of action in the coming cam
paign. .
The Republican party has ever been a
builder. Its very platform has rung with the
spirit oX progress and hope. Democracy has
ever been a destroyer. Its every platform has
groaned with the spirit of pessimism and oppo
sition. The American people will never be
lieve that the builder has become the destroyer
and the destroyer the builder.
Condition in China,
¦W> deplore the conditions now existing In
China, and we assure the American people
that a Republican administration will protect
all of our interests, demanding: full indemnity
for the pa«t and full security for the future.
As we firmly believe in America and her in-
Etltutlons, we believe that the party that shall
guide and maintain us In the great future Is
the party founded by Abraham Lincoln, sup
ported by Ulysses S. Grant and exalted by
William McKinley.
The secretary read a message from
President McKinley expressing regret at
his inability to be present, and sending
congratulation of the success of the
le.igue.
Resolutions- of regret were adopted re
garding- the death of Senator Gear.
The election of the officers followed, re
sulting: President, Isaac Miller Hamilton
of Illinois: vice president at large. Luther
Mott of Osweso, N. Y. ; secretary. D. H.
Stine of Kentucky: treasurer, J. R. Wig
gins of Pennsylvania.
Judge W. C. Raymond of Illinois moved
the appointment by the league president
of a committee consisting of one from
each State and Territory to watt upon
President McKinley and to pledge him the
support of the league. The motion was
adopted.
The convention then adjourned sin© die.
in the front rank. The greatest activity has
l-een in the Western States which in 1S96 went
for Bryan, and the league movement has as
sumed Fuch proportions as to Justify the hopes
that these States will return to the Republican
fold. In closing 1 feel it my duty to call your
attention to the unsatisfactory condition of the
finances of the league and cannot too strongly
urjre the necessity for action before adjourn
ment looking to the future financial support of
the organization.
Past President Woodmansee presented
the report of the committee on resolu
tions, which was unanimously adopted m
part as follows:
Platform Indorsed.
The National Republican League In con
vention assembled congratulates the peo
ple of the United States upon the happy
and prosperous condition of the entire
country and declares anew its allegiance
to the "principles of the Republican party
which, ably and bravely carried into ex
ecution by the national administration,
have made these conditions possible.
The resolutions indorse the platform
adopted by the National Republican Con
vention at Philadelphia, approve every ac
tion of President McKinley and declare:
The Republican party stands to-day as ever
for positive policies; for a protective tariff;
fc.r e >und money: for the control and regula
tion of combinations of capital that have a
le-gitlmate purpose and the destruction of those
that have an illegitimate purpose; for the re
tention of every inch of territory that comes
to us by honorable treaty and international
law It stands for the development of the
marvelous commercial possibility of the Orient:
for the restoration of our merchant marine,
and finally. It stands for the progress of the
Tniied States and the uplifting of mankind
throucbout the world.
As representatives of the younger element of
the Republican party we have a particular
pride in the nomination for \ ice President or
Theodore Roosevelt, whom we regard as an in
spiring and lofty type of American statesman
and soldier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP O'-
RYAN, July 18.— Residents and visitors
crowded Pacific avenue to-night and
watched the regiment at dress parade.
The cadets went through the pretty cere
mony without a break and their efforts
were heartily applauded. When the three
battalions were lined up for the ceremony
they occupied four blocks. Captain Wil
liam C. Hopper of Company A was ap
pointed to relieve Captain William Dlxon
ol G as officer of the day. and Lieutenant
William Terr}' of G was appointed to suc
ceed Lieutenant M. McCann of R as of
ficer of the guard.
A dance was held at the Armory by the
Young Ladies' Institute and tho cadets
"tripped the light fantastic" until 10:20 p.
ru., when an unsympathetic bugler blew
tattoo as a warning to the boys to return
to camp. The Held and start officers ot
the regiment were the guests of honor at
a banquet given in their honor by the
Board of Trade of Santa Cruz. There were
many distinguished guests. Speeches of a
fellcitious nature were delivered by the
guests and their hosts.
To-morrow the Held and staff will cross
bats with the line officers of the regiment.
An exciting game is anticipated, captain
Sullivan, the handsome assistant surgeon.
Is scheduled to umpire the game. The
hospital corps will be on hand with a lit
ter to carry him oft the field if the occa
sion requires it.
Edward Kugelberg, the nine toed won
dor of the regiment, arrived In camp this
afternoon and was enthusiastically re
ceived by his company. In u speech which
ho delivered outside his temporary home
ho retold the story of losing his big toe in
a battle with the rock-rollers of Telegraph
Colonel Power endeared himself to his
regiment last night by a considerate
action and now the boys are singing his
praises to the skies. During dress parade
•High" Private Quinn, the comedian ot
Company H. occupied a seat in the grand
stand, and as the stars and stripes were
lowered he raised his voice in song. Need
less to say Quinn was thrown into tho
guard tent and , the rumor lloated round
that he would be sent home the following
morning. When his comrades heard this
they were indignant. They had a high
opinion of Quinn and threatened to go on
a strike. During supper they cheered for
himand afterward went In a body to the
guard house and gave him an ovation.
Wiser counsel prevailed and a striko was
averted. A petition was prepared and
every officer and non-commissioned officer
and private was ready to affix his name
to the paper, which was an appeal to the
commander to reconsider his determin
ation to disgrace Quinn. A committee
waited on the colonel and the latter noti
fied it that he had. not said he would send
Quinn home, but was sorry to see him
act as he did. Quinn apologized and when
the news spread that he was to remain in
camp the colonel and the offending private
were cheered Incessantly.
Captain Hopper, assisted by the mem
bers of Company A, entertained a large
number of ladles in their street last night.
A platform was built for the occasion and
the piano placed on It. Decorations con
sisted of bunting and gay colored lanterns
and the effect was very pretty. Captain
Hopper acted as master of ceremonies and
Eddy Moore as stage manager. The fol
lowing programme was rendered:
Rag-time selections by S. Yale; over
ture, "Spagettie Band," Joe Sullivan, Tom
Smith, John Wilson and Father Kennedy;
coon selections, Edward Moore; piano solo
(original composition), Achllle Artigues;
vocal solo, "The Blue and . the Gray.'
Father Kennedy; buck and wing and cake
walk, William Hurley and Tom Smith;
quartet. Father Kennedy, Samuel "iale,
Edward Moore and John McEnerney;
"MacocronlBand;" barytone solo, Charles
Parker; recitation, J. William O'Brien;
"Tommy Atkins," by Jack McEnerney;
finale by Company A.
The hospital corps Is doing efficient
work. A sign marked with a skull and
cross bones and labeled "Chamber of
Horrore" and pinned to the tent, has a
depressing effect on the cadets in the im
mediate vicinity. Thomas. O'Dea and
Drossel are the demons In that tent. On
their right is the quarters of Kirk and
Eustace and on their tent f.ap is a-slpn of
a coffin and on it printed. "Your Finish;
Welcome."
Walter E. Dorn, the popular president
of the League of the Cross, is a guest in
camp. Walter has his camera and his
summer finery with him and coupled with
his winning ways he has all the belles of
Santa Cruz smiling on him and Is the
envy of the field and staff.
Entertained by the Young Ladies' In
stitute at a Dance in Armory Hall
Until Taps Called Them
Home.
Make a Splendid Appearance
and Are Heartily
Applauded.
DRESS PARADE
OF LEAGUE CADETS
AT SANTA CRUZ
rested, but escaped back to Korea, The
Japanese Princes are under the protec
tion of special guards.
The American mission at Nagoya has
been attacked by a Japanese mob and thb
missionaries so severely beaten that they
were left for dead, although they subse.
quentlv recovered. ! The prime eause of
the trouble was the interference of the
missionaries in the trafficking in young
girls, who, it is said, have been openly
sold. A mob surrounded the mission sta
tion and would have destroyed alt ths
buildings but for the somewhat tardy ar
rival of the native police.
Should the present great fire work the
destruction to the forests now threatened,
all hopes for the construction and opera
tion of the proposed road would be a thing
of the past."
the famous sugarpine belt and contains
some of the finest timber in the world.
Owing to financial difficulties the Ameri
can River Land and Lumber Company
has failed to make a leg drive In the river
for the past two seasons. Recently a par
ty of Eastern capitalists has been exam
ining the sugar pine forests with a view
of building a standard gauge railroad
from Rocklin on the line of the Central
Pacific Railroad to Georgetown and
thence east to the lumber region. The
proposed line would have followed a sur
vey made a number of years ago. Strong
hopes have been entertained by local peo
ple that the work of construction on the
proposed road would begin soon.
ISAAC MILLER HAMILTON OF ILLINOIS. THE NEW PRESIDENT
OF THE NATIONAL LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS.
PLACERVILLE, July 18.— A grreat for
est flre is raging on the lands, of the
American River Land and Lumber Com
pany, twelve miles northwest of this city.
Vine big chute built by the company in
1894 at the terminus of its railroad to
run logs into the south fork of the Amer
ican River is reported as destroyed bT
fire this afternoon. The chute was 3500
feet in length and was built of large logs.
Over 3,000,000 feet of lumber is said to have
been contained in the logs that were used
In Its construction. The cost of the chute
was about JCO.OOO.
.Should the flre continue unsubdued It
will entail a loss running into the millions.
In addition to many houses and twelve
miles of railroad, over 12,000,000 feet of
logs are lying, cut and barked, in the
woods, awaiting a drive.
The large standing forests that the flro
is now devastating is in the heart of
LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN
CLUBS CHOOSES OFFICERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chute Built by the American Land
Company Destroyed and the Loss
May Go Into the Millions.
FIRE RAGING IN THE
GREAT SUGAR PINE BELT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JULY 19/ 1900.
8
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
G2O Market St., San Francisco.
Or 1H 3 Broadway. New York City.
VACF1WITF VALLEY— Ten days of ;
Y LPOlIJ»ia 1 ¦-» pleasure. 1H days each
wav to points of interest— 7 days In valley. ;
G*'s* £* including all meals and lodglne.
Round trip from San Francisco $32.
For further Information call or address WM. J.
•WHITE. Agent. 630 Market St.. S. F. ; telephone
Main S1S2. ¦
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS l^l^ulLl j
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons : 48 miles from S. F., via Tiburon '
ferry. R. R. station on hotel grounds; exten-
sive swimming tank; $10 50 and up per week;
round-trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Agua Callente. Cal. Long-distance phone. ]
VICHY SPRINGS,
Three miles from Uklah. The only place In the
United States where vlchy water Is abundant.
The only natural electric waters; champagne
baths: extraordinary tonic properties J \
REDEMKTER & CO.. Vlchy Springs. Men-
doclno County, Cal..
CARLSBAD E N R G A S L
Mott beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections.. Accommodations first
class; $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W R. McGOVERX. Kelseyvtlle. Lake Co.
THE GEYSERS, £-;•
ONE OF NATURE'S "WONDER3.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
bunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. I
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM-
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a 1
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all I
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart, of the- Sierras. • Perfect climate,
fine flehing. excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak, no pests. An Ideal spot 1
for families. See "The -raveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMOXS. Independence Lake. CaL -
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL 5£ w SopS£
Unequaled soda' and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
¦ nd particulars address O. HOWELL. Hopland.
Mendcclno County; Cal. i
Beautiful New Style*
£&% Ladles',
VsW Gent's and Children's
dm. Bathing
6|iS|p ...Suits
Jf |j( lUW (Alpaca and Knitted)
¦"Hjl jijv At Prices to
t*-! .Ib^sc*! SuIt Everybody.
I _ Tl - - - Sweaters, Jerseys, Golf Vests,
£*~Jt -iBLJLZI]" Jackets, Leggings. Sport-
«*J? "* Ing Goods.
**• «?* Bend for Illustrated Cata-
losues.
KNIT4JINGC0.
103 Post St., Near Kearny.'S. F.
Famous
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The water* ar» noted for their thousands of
rare* of Rheumatism. Goat. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neura!-
rla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaint*. Hot»I and cottages renovated.
Paths refitted and lmoroved. Magnlfle»-tt
reentry, delightful walks. Hunting and fis*".
inc. No fog*. Unefjtialed for health. r»«t <»r>d
?ecr«atlon. Rates. $12 to M» per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. * a.
m. and 1:45 d. m. dally. Carrtagen at Ol!ro»
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets «3:!re3«
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor
WALORUHE.
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates 17 up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
BRI7XIXG. Santa Rosa. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. The?- celebrated
adjoin Bartlett Porings. Fishing: hunt-
ing: home co->kine: good beds: *S 50 to tv> w»eX:
cottages fnr hr.useke-rir.s. MRS. H. HOPPI.W
Hartlp't ??r!nc«. Cat '
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County f.->
»pend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Writa toe
drcu'ar to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest In the State—^
Fhove! Creek 13 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty cf garae In surrounding mountains —
rrouse. quail, deer and bear. F.DSOX BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Slsklyou County. CaL
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. Ran Francisco^
Strictly Flr«t-class Family HoteL
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
Kenilworth ton, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights. Nl-
Ilards. lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTIXA.
Fl wnNTF HfiTFI Los oatos. cai.-
ELillUn IE UU 1 EL» Beautiful grounds,
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
lamllies. Free bus meets every train; H mllea
Jrom San Francisco. Fare SI C
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMAXN. Xapa Soda Springs P. <X
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, tlv*
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful summ--
ticme In redwoods; running water; abundance
fruit, good table; terms 13 SO week. Addresa
W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. CaL AaareM
QUIET home in Sonoma redwoods: chickens,
eggs, milk, cream, fruit; free drives- good
??°i m v; te £ ms .J' 5 p< *f w , eek - Ad(i «"es3 Redwood
Heights. Occidental. Cal.
RAI *'CH - *!ce surrounding;
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
| location. Addrwa F. QUIEN. Glea Ell«£ £5.
The Place Sop Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IV THE FOOTHILLS OP THE SIERRA NE-
vada,- near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
Quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia 1 ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad 136 miles from San Francisco; J8 a
week- open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Dr. C. C. O'DonneH's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is the best camming, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomacn
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in ths
world: 48 miles from S. F. The S. I\ R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fog3 nor polnon oak ct the
park. Mineral water. boat» and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DOXXELI.. office tOIlVj
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the p'.aca to go.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS. *%&£££
Monterey County. CaL — For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to~<lat»
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot pods, sulphur and eiectrla
baths: swimming tark *0x5n feet Our masseurs
are ail graduate^. H'mtlng and flshlns: chil-
dren's playground, croquet. R»wn tennis an 1 !
dance hall: large hotel nr.d 39 rottas"»"i. afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by ga*. By train. Third and Town-
fpnA streets. Pan Franci«co. 9 a. m.t First and
litrndway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road I
miles to gprtng*. Round-trip tickets. $8. at 3.
P. r.fficf. 61S Market Ftreet. Telephone and
poatofflce. F.ir illustrated oamphlet* and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRACLT.
it. D.. proprietor arsi resident physician.
A SUFFERER FROM
THE HEAT,
who perspires freely, will be surprised
when he notes how much longer the linen
done up at our laundry keeps fresh and
cool when the thermometer is on the ram-
page, than that -done up at other laun-
dries. Our hot weather laundry work is
"done up" for keeps, and you save money
by having it done here.
"No saw edsres." r , .
Office 1004 Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 363 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
CI/ArrC HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
OIVr\xJvl'O County; only 4H hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; waters noted for medicinal v.rtu-s:
best natural bath in State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door: telephone.
telegraph: dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
mo-ring and afternoon stagei: round trip from
Ban Francisco only S5 50. Take TiMircn ferry
at 7:39 a. in. or 8:30 p. m. Terms, j; a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
SISSON TMVERN.
Where Shasta's summit, clad in snow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and fre»
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERN, 3!C0 feet above the sea level, on '.he ever-
green slopes of Shasta, is the Ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the great forest3 of
expanse of meadows, above It the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains. For the angler— tha
Mlmon and the trout In the headwaters of ths
Facramcnto and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
FON'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and fr~»h
and clean, with every modern comfort. Tha
railway brings one almost to the door. Whi»r«
Nature is her grandest, ccme and learn how
prand her inspirations are. Rates. $10 to It3
per week. J2 cO per day. Guides and horses for
mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSON. Pro-
prietor. Si*son. Cal.
SANTA CATALIKA ISLAND,
3'A Hours' Rifle From I^>a Anglos. CaV.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IK THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Eand.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CX^'B
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to BANXIXG CO..
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
There's a Good Doctor at
g HOT SPRINGS
That advises you free of charge Just how to
take the IIccl Hud. Hot Sulphur and Plunge
Baths. One side of blcr baths specially for
la-4!-?3. Kilei. $10 to $21 a week.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
yiustrated booklet an<1 further information
of FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Rea 2336. 640 Market St.. S.- F.
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. Paso lioblea Oil.
¦You enjoy the most perfect cllrcate in
the world. A city of tents, with electric
light, police protection, perfect sewer-
age, pure water, restaurant, bakery,
delicatessen, etc. ; San Diego prices.
Twenty-minute car service to San
Diego; telegraph and long distance tele-
phone.
Inquire at 4 New Montgomery street.
San Francisco, or
Coronado Beach Company. Coronado
Beach, California.
Coronado Beach, California,
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free' trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute./
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength r.nd memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly prnteful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location. Klving strength
end development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of. the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to tha
State Medical Institute. 32S Elektron
buildinp. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
vou desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will dp compiled with promotlv. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of pexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute make» no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, en
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
Good chairs are the most difficult pieces
of old furniture to find. They receive
harder use than other pieces of furniture
and consequently wear out quicker.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Msrs.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alley?,
and Tennis Grounds, Hot and Cold .ainerai
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine L1ver>.
Hunting Horses and Dors. Experienced OU,ae.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Hartlett) wi.l be
here to welcome his host f>f friemls.
OVER 30 MINERAL, SPRINGS.
Rates— $10, $12. and $1» per V.'eelc.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottars, latheJ and plastereu.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening: George
*V. Watson, Dancing Teacher. Tenni3 an<. uoir
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 318 Montcroir.ery street.
•Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO
Thirteenth and Webster streets. Oakland:
AHUKNS. PKIX & BL'LLWIXKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
For further information call at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
A' vacation does not usually
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many of
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resorts along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
homes.
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
© find the desired accommoda-
te tiors.
§ Call for "VACATION," a
© little book just issued by the
q company, giving Camping Lo-
O cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
© Resorts, and a list of one hun-
q dred and sixty-seven Farms and
© homes where Board for the
§ Summer can be secured at from
0 $5.00 to $8.00 per week.
O
A Ticket Office, 830 Market rt.
5f (Chronicle building).
X General Office. Mutual Lif»
" building. Sansome and California
© «ts.. San Francisco.
©
Q H. 0. WHITIUG, General Ksasger.
© E. X. RYAN, Gjn'l Pisj. igt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BYRON
I $£P l^ e on 'V cure for
Rheumatisms
Address A. Betteni. Mgr., Eyraa Eot Springs, Cal.
LOMBARD & CO . City Agents,
Room 30. 26 Geary st.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
The place for health,. r«<t and fun. Fif-
teen different mineral sprlners for pood
health: to enjoy the fun. Send for booklet.
J MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake
Co. Cal. 416 Pine St., city office.
. There Is no canning Industry among the
Chinese. All of their sauces and compotes
¦are preserved ' in earthenware Jars or In
old wine and beer bottles. .
When .we .say "rupture cured" we mean it,
for it Is a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has. CURED thousands of cases. Nothing else
like it. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. inTCall for **Book-
let No. 1," or send 2 cents. In stamps. Ad-
dress : , _ . . .
ATMADE ONE AT NUESTRA
SENORA DE GUADALUPE
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to Lkiah Sunday
July 22. Each ticket sold insures a seat.
There will be no, more tickets than there
are seats provided. Fare $2.00 for round
trip. Leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 a. m. Leave
Uklah 5 p. m. Tickets on sale. 650 Market
street (Chronicle bldg.), - Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
THE. wedding of Miss Laura Fitzpat
rick and Martin Francis Hrubanik
was solemnized on Tuesday morning
at the church of Nuestro Senora de
Guadalupe, the Rev. Father Cottle, as
sisted by Fathers Santandran and Harri
gan. officiating.
The bride was attended by Miss Mar
guerite Hartman. who officiated as maid
of honor, and Miss Mary Ellida Kelly and
Miss Mary Wright of Alameda, who acted
as bridesmaids. Little Marguerite Furey
was the ring bearer. George J. Lowe was
best man. Th*»- altar boys officiated as
ushers and led the bridal party.
Tho bride wore an exquisite gown of
white satin made en train. Her veil was
fastened to the coiffure with a wreath of
orange blossoms, while she carried a
white prayer book.
The maid of . honor wore a dafnt-u- n-~*£_
of green silk and point d'es£rlt? n ig r B g!™
quet was composed of_ marguerite! The"
bridesmaids were attired alike in nir?£
silk and white organdie and carrted P ll
France roses. . eu
After the ceremony a bridal breakfast
was served at a downtown restaurant
after which Mr. and Mrs. Hrubanik M
for a trip to the Yosemlte Valley, where
the honeymoon will be spent. -¦
The bride is the sister of Joseph A Fitr
Patrick. She is a musician of rare abili t v
and a graduate of the University of Call
fornia. Mr. Hrubanilc is the proprietor or
the Western Wire ,- Works, and besides
being a successful business man Is also a
talented singer and is the barytone of St
Mary's Cathedral choir, a position he has
occupied for some time.
Supreme Court Decisions.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a number of decisions, with the fol
lowing results: James Dowell & Son vs.
Charles Carpy et al.. demurrer sustained
and Judgment affirmed; H. A. Beltaire et
al. vs. George Rosenburff & Son. order
affirmed; C. A. Cortelyou and E. E. John
son vs. O. H. Jones and Mary C. Jones,
judgment and order affirmed; J. P. Coon
an vs. J. Lowenthal, order and judgment
affirmed: estate of "W. T. Sheid, decree
of distribution and order affirmed; May
B. Curtis vs. Georgiana L. Schell, execu
trix. Judgment affirmed; W. S. Hook vs.
the Los Angeles Railway Company, judg
ment affirmed-; Whitehurst vs. Steuart.
judgment afilrmed; W. H. Linforth vs.
George E. White et al.. appeal dismissed;
Emily J. Higgins vs. the San Diego Sav
ings Bank, judgment affirmed: D. P. Day
ton vs. H. L. McAllister et al., judgment
affirmed: Stewart vs. Holllngs worth, Judg
ment affirmed.
LOCAL BELLE
WEDS ABROAD
William Greet' Harrison's
Daughter Married to G.
B. Walkington at
London.
Miss Mary l/oulse Harrison, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. "William. Greer Harrison,
was married to George Britten Walking
ton of Belfast, Ireland, yesterday morn-
Ing, In London, at the Brondesbury Par
ish Church.
A feature of the wedding was the bridal
chorus, composed especially for the happy
occasion by Wallace A. Sabin. F. C. O.,
organist of St. L.uke's, with words by Lu
cius Howard Foote, both of this city.
The music contains a strain of the Ameri
can national anthem and of the English
"Rule Brltanla," all cleverly woven to
gether with a splendid melody.
Was Willing to Die.
G. W. Mason, a newspaper mJLn who ar
rived here from the East about six
months ago, attempted to commit sui
cide in his room, 2& Eddy street, yester
day morning by swallowing a dose of
carbolic acid. He was taken to the Re
• < ivir.g Hospital in the ambulance and
fought degperately to prevent the doctors
from administering the usual remedies.
He said he warn part owner of the Senti
nel, in Ashland, 111., anrl his partner had
made him lose about $3000 and the paper,
v.-hich had driven him to swallow the
polmnl He will recover.
A FINE CHANCE
FOR EVERYBODY
Healthful. Delightful, Instructive
and Don't Cost
iVTuch.
Next Saturday. July 21, is the date fixed
for the two-day $10 Lake Tahoe excursion.
This is one of the most exceptional ex
cursions of the season, near by. remote
or anywhere, not only in point of interest
but cost. It includes all transportation,
sleeper for two nights and a whole day
in mountain and lacustrine scenery that
has earned world-wide fame for its" gran
deur.
The train leaves San Francisco at 6
p. m. and returns 11:45 a. m. Monday fol
lowing. Tickets are on sale at f>13 Market
street, the Kspee's city ticket office.
OLD ENGLISH OAK BUFFET
(Fifteenth Century.)
clearly the strong family relationship.
From this stage to the sideboard of Wil
liam III there is but a slight step, al
though after the middle of the eighteenth
century this piece of furniture went
through many transitions. It was a com
paratively insignificant, furnishing in the
days when symmetrical doors or false
doors corresponding with those used for
rxlt were In fashion: for this style furn
ished our forefathers with good cupboards
in which to store glass, china and reserve
wines. When these extra doors with their
Inclosed cupboards disappeared. the
"stately sideboard" of which Milton sang
was superseded by the mahogany side
table, flanked on each side by pedestal
cupboards for wine or hot water. In time
these pedestals were surmounted by urn
shaped mahogany vases (now the despair
of the curio hunter) containing hot water
for washing the limited supply of silver
and iced water for the guests. In order to
maintain a happy sense of proportion,
balancing the propinquity of the separate
cupboards, the cellaret, or tub shaped ma
hoear.v wine care, was placed on casters
and rolled underneath the table. At the
back of every serving table were
curiously .han/lsome knife and spoon
cases, supported by a bras3 rail,
with uprights for candelabra. From
this multiplicity of separate serving
adjuncts evolved our modern sideboard,
which is simply a grand combination of
them all. The separate wine cooler, which
A WELL-KNOWN JESUIT
GOES TO HIS LONG REST
The Her. Theodore Sebastian, Scholar
and Priest, Dies at St. Igna
tius College.
The Rev. Theodore Sebastian, S. J..
died at St. Ignatius College yesterday at
i> a. m He was born in Cincinnati, 41
years ago, and had boon a member of the
J'^uit Order since 1S77. For thirteen years
h« has been professor of humanities and
rhetoric la many Jesuit college*.; He came
in <"al:fornia two years ago in -search of
health He had never been rcoust and
failed gradually: Father Sebasiian made
many friends In Fan Francisco, though
I.Tefor but a. short time.
The office of tho dead -will be recited for
him this r-vening at 7:30. and the funeral
'v rvices •will be hold to-inorrow at St.
rnatius church, at S a. m. His remains
S.ill be Ititerrej at Panta Clara.
The Klmball Steamship Company's Noyo
arrived from Nome by the way of Dutch
Harbor yesterday. She brought twelve
passengers and about $100,000 in treasure,
r.ut no news of a late oate from the gold
fields. Her passengers left Anvil City a
day before the Charles D. Lane, and the
latter vessel brought all the news from
the mining camps. Smallpox is epidemic
from St. Michael to Cape York, and few
recover from the dread disease, aa the
hospital appliances aro of the crudest.
The doctors were working night axid day
for humanity's sake, but had no houe of
stopping the epidemic when the steamer
sailed.
The Noyo will discharge and load pro
visions as quickly as possible and leave
for Nome again before the week Is out.
Australia Arrives.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mn.il
eteamer Australia arrived from Honolulu
early yesterday morning. Among .those
who came up on the sterner were:
R. J. Moore, S. C. Irving, C M. Cooke,
R Cooke, A. Young, Miss B. Young, Miss
i(. Young, Mrs. von Humm, Mrs. Dr.
Anderson, three children and maid, Mrs.
II Scwall, three children and maid, F. J.
Wheeler, wife, three children and maid.
G. P. Wilder and wife. Miss L.. Oakley,
P. Niehaus. Judge A. PerovE. S. Pogue,
M. M. March, L>r. A. Posey, R. J. Nes
tell. Mrs. J. J. Nestell, Mrs. J. M. Cam
ara Mrs. S. E. Kelly, Miss B. Thatcher,
Miss E. Hardwick, W. R. Sims, James
Slm«* II. B. Thomas, C. E. Eagan, Mr.
Uavis. S. L. Hyman, W. S. Chance, wife
and child, Mrs. G. C. Beckley and two
children. H. P. Beckley, S. P. French and
wife, Mrs. James McAndrews and daugh
ter, Mrs. G. Brand and two children. H.
Ktrenbeck, wife and daughter. A. F.
Knudson and wife, V. Waldron and wife,
Miss C. J. Hoffman, Mrs. J. G. Turner,
Mrs. M. P. Scott, Mrs. G. D. Schraeder,
MiFs J. E. Snow. Mrs. T. J. Hlggins. Miss
Kimmon, W. F. Jennlson, Miss E. Rosen
berg. Miss Sprague, J. B. Collins. Miss A.
Aldrich. Mi£3 Simpson, Miss Steel. Miss
E. O. Hall. la. H. Miller. L.. C. Howland.
C F. Mason. Miss I. Kelly. Miss B.
Wright, J. W. Mason, C. W. Norton, Mr.
Davis. J. McCombe Jr., Brother Philip,
i Brother George. J. P. Lawrence, H. R,
r»ou?las. Mrs. Cowes. J. F. Cowes, P. R.
Helm, A. T. Clarke and wife, Miss M. K.
Duncan, William Mutch, Miss C. Palecki,
Mrs. W. W. Needham, G. E. Falrchild,
Miss E. K. Dayton, Miss Becker, Mrs. La
Vlctorre, Miss La Victorre. T. E. Wall.
I. E. Kay. Miss Sumner, Miss A. Peter
man, Miss Q. McKaig. Mrs. Heapy, S.
Peck. Miss Deacon. W. S. Withers. P. B.
Auerbach. Mr. Campbell, Miss Gray, Miss
Jones, Mr. deader, William Wolf and wife,
G. Baker. Mrs. Ladd, Miss H. B. Ladd,
Miss F. Ladd, Mrs. Goff, W. Goff, William
Robinson. Mr. Bonville, Miss B. Fairban,
Miss Texsmtth. Mr. Arnold and wife, Mr.
Collins and wife. Miss F. Gladson, Miss
M. Still and Mr. Jargslarf.
A New Steamer Line.
Balfour. Guthrie & Co. were before tho
Harbor Commissioners yesterday, ashing
for room along the front for a new line of
Fteamers. They are the agents for the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company, one
of the largest and most influential lines
in the Pacific, and whose advent intothe
Central American and Californian trade
was told exclusively in The Call several
v.eeks ago. The steamers of this line aro
from TiOOO to 8000 tons gross burden, and all
of them are superbly fitted out.
The Harbor Commissioners took the
matter under advisement and told the rep
resentative of Balfour. Guthrie & Co. that
a wharf would be ready for them when
required. The Commissioners were in
formed that the new line would be in full
operation p.bout December next, .
Mail Company Changes.
Chief Officer Johnson of the Rio de
Janeiro is taking a well earned vacation,
and Chief Officer Sandbbrg of the New
port has taken his place. W. C. Aust, f or-
Another Nome Steamer Ar
rives With Some Hard
Luck Stories.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
To Spain, as to the other countries nf
Europe, the renaissance gave new artistic*
Ideals, and thither were imported manv
of the artists of ItaV and the Low Coun
tries. Italian taste: and Moorish design
brought about most brilliant results In
wood sculpture, which may be studied in
old Spanish cabinet? of the sixteenth cen
tury. Many of these were decorated out
side with iron work and Inside with col
umns of bone painted and gilt and some
times inlaid with silver. A wooden coffer
made a century later shows an entirrty
unique design resulting from Saraeenio
influence. Instead of the usual ornamen
tations relating to the famous Spanish
bull-fights, this chest has a plain exterior
sparingly decorated with metal-work and
with a hinged falling front. The decora
tion of the interior, whimsical and a trirta
gaudy, is nevertheless very beautiful and
unusual, for within are quaint arches
blue and vermilion, inlaid with ivory— a
portion of the Alhambra In miniature, as
charming as it is rich and effective.
In Ensrland these chests seemed to serve
their original purpose of ••boxes" ratht-r
than as pieces of decorative furnishing.
In the Interesting collection in the South
Kensington Museum there is one example
of such ornamentation, but it la resnrdc.l
rather as a curio of the early seventeenth
century than a type cf the Jacobean or
Elizabethan furnishing'. The chest in of
carved oak. with a center panel represent
ing the adoration of the magi. After Wil
liam III imported Dutch craftsmen into
hi3 household it was but natural that
English carving- should show so plainly
the influence of Flemish design that it
was frequently impossible to distinguish,
it from Flemish. We have therefore no
distinctive example of old English chests
unless we except the beautiful carved oak
chest after Holbein shown in the Illustra
tion. Among the curious examples of In
dian workmanship presented to Queen
Victoria is a casket of red lacquer. Thia
coating is so put on over the wood that
the plain parts tako. a remarkably high,
polish, in striking contrast to the dullness
of the carved enrichment. Th* effect la
that of a die pressed upon red sealing
wax.
All renaissance art wast distinguished by
a free treatment of the classic antique
as opposed to the general use of sarreel
subjects during the middle ages. This
showed itself in the popular use of tl?f»
mythological subjects which d^coratdi
the handsomest chesrs. A typical one la
shown in the illustration, with corners
half human, half foliated, caryatides witn
claw feet to raise them from the floor.
.Many of the first masters of the renais
sance were pleased to exercise their skill
upon these household furnishinca. Work
ers in metal like the incomparable Cellini
took dHiRht in exercising their talents
upon devices for chests; and artists in oil
painted exquisite panels upon thp gilded
"cassoni" coveted by tho Italian aristoc
racy.
Equally curious is tho ornamentation of
the chest made a century earlier. Here
tht; highly artistic effect is gained by
mtana of oval plaques of figures and coat'j
of arms of carved ivory, which are mo^t.
tnpeniously let into the surface ot tho
exterior.
Metal mountings!, used at first aa mor*
strengthened of treasure chests, fcecamw
highly ornamented, and during- the six
teenth century rrachod an unsurpassed
point of excellence. The complicated lock*
of the'"colTre fort." precursor of the burs
lar-proof safe, show also the Ingenuity
of the renaissance metal workers. Tht»
d?coration~~of this chest is must interest
ing, being an imitatkm of damascening, by
means of a strong acid which has bitten
the design into the woodwork.
rich, warm background of walnut or
chestnut.
MARRIAGE COFFER IN CARVED WALNUT.
(Period: Renaissance [Sixteenth Century] Venetian.)
GRAND IIOTEI*
James O'Neill. Dawson! W B Kstea Overton
Wm GrUfln, Cal D C Mitchell, Cal
F Gilbert. S Rafael j F S Bojtss. Stockton
B Neustader, Concord J Kennedy. Llv«>rmr>r«'
T C Snider. Cal Wm KaMmaa. Sonora
F W Klnke. Or E Wltmer. Placervillo
P P Phillips, Alameda'Mrs Blakes&d, Reno
E Whlpple, Decota G MeOandless. Sacto
C r> Thompson. L. Ang A C White. Stockton
A H Eddy, S Barbara J H Potter. Cat
R'C Jones, S DIcko C II K*11oks. Towles
G Vosbert&w. Colo !\V H Smith. Chicago
J R Lawrence. Portlnd A II Wilson. Phllada
W I> Potter. Hawaii E Welhort&w, Stocktn
G Baldwin, Pasadena C J Mi-GIunn. Napa
J M Sims, Honolulu Mrs II Moore. Cal
Q Schwerin, vHuron Mrs M Hannick, Chgo
T Hunter. Elko Mrs B Hannick. Ctaso
Ida Winn, St Louis R Wallace, Cal *
W Douglass, Martinez B Dickinson. B Lomnd
J Grimwaldt. Mexico J R Hlsby, Cal
E McKlttrlck&w. Cal J Van Vlicks, L, Ansr
Miss Brooklns. NT C La, Grand. N Orleans
C Dillon. Colo F B Moors. MarysviUe
E Southworth. Sanger C T Clark. Dawson
B Cavanaush&w, Sacto G Lock&w. Sacto
Rose CavanatiKh. SactOiG AMerson&w. Placerv
J Fitzgerald. Reno j E J Dubois, Paris
W Nlcholsiw, Courtld ' Miss Rush. Honolulu
Jon Jonsen Jr, Fresno jEd Bartlctt, Dawsoa
R Smith, Overton 1
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs "L Deminc. Chic |C C Boylan. JT T
H A Ltndley, Ogden IW Black & w. Mo
Mrs F Swanton. 3 Cruz' Mrs W La Victoria, Ch
Ulss J P French. N YiUls* F La Victoria. Chi
W J Cahlll. NY j H W Francis. N Y
E S Torrer.ca & w. SD'Mlsa Sprague. Chicago
Miss V Torrcnce, S D pA FieM 4 w, St L
Miss D Torrence, S I> (Miss L FleM. St L
?wift Torrence, SD p A Field Jr., 81 L
F H Bedreary. Modesto Miss F Brown. L An*
3 W Coway. Ariz Mrs L Coleman, LAns
2 Manton Sc. w, S D | H F Rusgles & w. N Y
Miss E Manton. S D 'Mr Ashbriiige & w. NY
W 8 Chance &w. Wash; Miss Dlerbarh. N Y
R J Westel. N Y Mr Armsortns &w. NY
Mrs J Westel, NT \F Moran & w, Seattle
W H Lyon. RetHand I A Flesh. Chicago
E J Strinuham. NT 3 V Trent. S Lake ' .••¦
A Pollack. Chicago F B Doyle, y Mateo
Miss J Fadxham. LA KB Srr.ith. Chlrasi
I, R Bracho* & f. MexIC'urtl.o Smith. Chira«r-»
C H McCullough, Mex Otis E Smith. Chicago
B Campbell. N J A W Foster. S Rafael
G G Berry L Anj J Applewhite. Memphis
J i White P Grove J Fitch. NY
A C Blngham A w. Cal J C Augsbury. Bait
T Flint, S Jose t
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
r Cowley, San Jose | C Williams, Yuba Cy
3 Woolway&w, Ft Brgj II Broushton. Los Ang
J Connolly&w. Reno A McNulty, N T
F Slade, Qulncy, 111 I J Wedekind, N Y
3 Rchaeffer. Toronto ! L G Wedekind, Rena
I MeEvoy, Coming I « H Wed»klnd. Rcao
Miss McEvoy, Corning E Durm. Reno
J Mulroy. S Jose ;J KelloRg, Stockton
C Nauman, Fresno [8 Heer.ey. S Jose
T Gcggins, Modesto iN Fry&w. Hay wards
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
he could fix the pipe without It
off. He did not succeed and was found in
an unconscious condition. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital and soon recov
ered.
merly of the Fan Bias, went out as chief
officer of the Newport, while- Second Offi
cer C'ouphlan of the San Bias goes out as
second officer of the Rio.
Patrick Barry, a gasfkter with the San
Francisco Gas I>ight Company, was work
ing yesterday in a house on Sixteenth
Mrcet, near Mission, fixing a broken pipe.
The gas was escaping, but Barry thought
Overpowered by Gas.
Register. Register.
"Citizens should take advantage of this
opportunity and register at once. Offlco
open continuously from S:30 a. m. to 10
p. m. after July 15. 1900. . •
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Hazel
Neuman on a Charge of
Battery.
The Soclety> toy the "Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children was notified yesterday
morning by Mrs. Mary Black. 429 First
street, of a case of cruelty that stagpered
the officials. She told them that Hazel
Neuman, a girl 17 years, of age, had been
beating her sister Violet, 10 years of age,
with a broomstick and trunk strap until
tho girl was covered from head to feet
with black and blue bruises. Violet had
come to her house Tuesday night for pro
tection from her sister.
The family lives at 673 Harrison street
and the parents left with some friends on
a camping out excursion about a week
ago, leaving the two girls to look after the
house. Soon after the departure of the
parents Hazel began to chastise her sister
on the slightest provocation, using alter
nately the broomstick and the strap. She
kept her locked In the house, but Tuesday
night Violet made her escape and took
refuge with Mrs. BlacX.
Officer McMurray wont with Mrs. Black
to the Warrant Clerk's office in the City
Hall, where she swore to a complaint in
Judge Mogan's court for Hazel's arrest
on the charge of battery upon her sister.
McMurray took the warrant to serve upon
Hazel.
BEAT HER SISTER WITH
BROOMSTICK AND STRAP
Supervisors' Printing Committee So
Rules — Requisitions of Various De
partments Greatly Reduced.
The Supf rvifors' Commit lee on Printing
and Salaries reported adversely :'t yester-
<1ay's meeting to the request of the Board
«if Kire Commissioners that th-^ cost of
t-taticnery and printing supplies for its
department be not maif chargeable
apainFt its appropriation. The committee
fc<-l<l that the appropriation was made
w:'. h the view- of enabling the Kire I>e
jiartment to me»-t all its <-xnens«*. The
reason for including stationery, etc., in
Tho schedule for the Fire Department was
\o give it the advantage of competition
in the biddir.c. The oommittc-e decided
that the (stationery blanks and books
must he paid for out of the set aside
for the I- ire Department, and similar ac
tion was taken regarding the Health De
partment.
The P»o;ird of Public "Work? ndueed its
requisition for stationery from 11104 2>> to
$4'«<t in ordf-r to come within the dollar i
limit Other departments werr ; reduced |
also, KB there is but the sum of J24.400 to i
be applied to the purchase of stationery
ar.ii printing supplies for the entire fiscal
FIRE COMMISSIONERS TO
PAY FOR STATIONERY
port last nieht.
Captain Weiss of the Belgian King has
this to say about the accident:
Soon after passing the lightship we ran into
a dense tog. We were going along under easy
steam when I heard two whistles and answered
them. Then I heard two whistles again and
ncnirt answered, putting my helm over accord
ingly. The next thing I knew th« Tellus was
t/lir.ost on top of m<?, fo I blew three whistles
and went full speed astern. It was too late,
however, and we crashed Into her port quar
ter. Tho crew of the Tellus thought she was
Koingr down, so they came aboard my ship.
Luckily the collision bulkheads on the Tellu3
held and she was afloat and in fair shape at
daybreak. The crew went hark aboard her
and we took her in tow and made port. My
vessel Is leaking slightly, but the Tellus is
badly damaged.
The Belgian King and her tow made
port late last night and anchored off the
Presidio. There is an onormous hole In
the port sirfi* of the Tellus, but the Bel
gian King shows no signs of the collision.
Both vessels will be discharged and
docked for repairs.
Belgian King, under charter to the United
States Government to load supplies at I
Seattle for Manila, left port. Soon after
pacing out through the Golden Gate a
dense fog set in and the Belgian King
went north under a slow bell after the
pilot left her. off Point Arena the whistle
of another steamer was heard. Signals
went back and forth through the fog and
both steamers were going full speed
astern when the collision took place. |
The Belgian King is not very badly dam- j
aged. She struck the Tellus fair and
pquare on the port quarter. The force of I
thf impact started pome plates on her
Ftarboard bow. while on the port side (
something went below the water line. !
Canvas was put over the bow and the leak '
was in a measure stopped !
fnundf-ring. As it is. nearly every ounce
01 coal in the forward compartment has |
run into the ocean and the vessel's cargo
will be "ehy" at least 700 tons.
C 3? 1?, 1" -Peterson of the Tellus makes
tne rollowine statement:
. On July. " at 10:4" £ m- we w«« off Point
""of *t" * sht^e were^in'«HlSS!
Tiln tuTnnxiih^^er B<4ianlc& .^HelrS
whistles for several minutes before the oolli
sion and both the Belgian Klnp and the Tellus
were Koingr full speed astern when the collision
occurred.
The Belgian Kins cut throuKh our quarter
and her nose went into the forehold. My ves-
Bel at once began to settle at the head. There
were 900 tons of onal in the forehold and as It
rfln out through the "open door" the water
T"?. i }, ei in- . ._ _. ,, , .
i ith,? u f any warning the Tellus took a sheer
an(J a!1 hBnrls thought *he was going down.
the firemen got s=t<vnu In the boilers. The Uel-
Rian Kin* took us in tow and we finally made-
BELGIAN KING TOWING THE TELLUS INTO PORT.
of the chest disclosed a chessboard inlaid
with checkers. Again. If the habitation
possessed a dining table the meal was
spread in front of the long box. which
now served as a bench for several mem
bers of the household. After the table
was removed the chest was still In evi
dence, as an extempore couch, as a back
for those sitting on the floor and as a.
very uncomfortable prototype of the
carved seventeenth century settle. By de
crees back and arms were added to the
chest, and thus transformed ft became
the chief furnishing of the living room.
As soon as comfort entered into the con
sideration of the coffermakers the settle
shared the general dispensation, and as
early as the latter part of the fifteenth
century we find a most solid form of com
fort in the carved oak seat, the most
striking feature of which Is the movable
back rest, so disposed that the leaping
flames on the hearth may be viewed with
satisfaction. Soon a 'canopy, or protecting
hood, to keep out draughts and the in
clemency of the weather was added to
the chest on the dais where sat the heads
of the house: and this place of honor, by a
few swift modifications, was transformed
into a thronelike seat, which In due time
developed, as material and skill became
more abundant, into the ordinary chair of
to-day.
By raising it on legs and adding a back
the chest unfolded still more protean pos
sibilities. It then became a dressing cabi
net, as shown in the Illustration, or a
"dressolr" upon whose shelves were dis
played the famtly plate — the progenitor of
the modern sideboard. A comparison of
the ordinary chest with the fifteenth cen
tury buffet— a box on legs, with hinged
doors instead of lid— brings out more
©-?- <$¦-?->$>-?-<§>-?- <*> -?-<?-?- <$-?- <?>-•- O
THERE was a narrow escape from
another ocean tragedy late Tues
day night. Two steamers came to
gether off. Point Arena and the
crew of on© of them took to the
boats, thinking their craft was sinking,
luckily the collision bulkheads held, and
early yesterday morning the crew went
aboard the derelict and made steam on
the boilers again. She finally reached San
Francisco in tow of the vessel that ran
her down.
The Norwegian steamer Tellus, under
charter to Dunsmuir, was on her way to
Fan Francisco from Comox, B. C. with
2C50 tons of coal in her hold. Tuesday
evening she was off the Mendocino coast
and making fair weather.
Tuesday at 3 p. m. the British steamer
BY MARGARET AINSLEE
III.
"When looking over our modern tables,
chairs, wardrobes, cabinets and side
boards it is difficult to realize that they
are all offshoots of a common ancestor—
the chest. In the nomadic days of the
race these plenishings of a tent or shed
were constructed solely with a view to
their strength and portability. During the
Anglo-Saxon and Norman days they were
the repositories of the family penates,
clothing and treasure, and, rudely deco
rated with strap and metal work, were
fastened on horses or mules and thus
transported to domiciles new.
When the primitive bedstead was but a
shelf on the wall or a rough board table
the chests served as steps wherewith our
forefathers stormed the rugged heights of
sleep. "When a table was not catalogued
in the family inventory the accommodat
ing coffer served in a tabular capacity;
and after the dishes were removed' the top
which the priestly mantles could be laid
fiat without folding.
Leaving the variations of this univer
sally adaptable piece of furniture. I»»t us
return to its primitive form and study Ita
ornamentation, utility and the curiosities
of its construction in different countries.
The Italian "caasone" or marriage chest,
the medieval modification of the ukl Ko
man treasure coffer, w:is the most ornate
and imposing piece of furniture of tho fir
ternth and sixteenth centuries.* i'arveil
of oak, chestnut or walnut, sometime.--.
painted or gilded, adorned with inlay of
ivory or bone, damascened or mail* 71 of
precious metals, rows of these sarcophagi
alternating with carved and gi!t chairs
adorned the corridors and lofty salons of
Italian palaces. As receptacle* for :»
bride's trousseau and treasure or a-s pres
ents to the newly married they were fre
quently the nuclei of fifteenth cor.tury
housckoppinp. The less ntpenstrf kind*
were made of cypress wrvod. fitted up in
the inside with drawers like the mori- re
cent cabinets, and wore simply hut beau
tifully ornamented with ftchetl lines on n
beaten background. Many of the ol.l
"cassone" fronts are pirkertnut with poM.
a very effective ornamentation against th«
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HO7VIE FURNISHINGS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
CHESTS, BUFFETS AND MARRIAGE COFFERS.
Crew of the Tellus Were Panic Stricken and
Deserted Their Ship. "
Charles Green, the policeman who was
dismissed from the force at the meeting
of the Police Commissioners Tuesday
r.ight, is wanted en the charge of ob
i: lining goods by false pretenses. The
complaining witness is Berthold Lazarus.
r salesman in the Hub clothing Btore on
Kfamjr street.
The fact that Green had lest his star
appeared In yesterday's papers, and all
morning: Chief Sullivan was kept busy an
cwerlnff telephone calls from storekeepers
and oiic: t notifying him. that Green had
obtained goods and money from them
Tue&day on the Btrenjth of his connec
tion ¦with tfce force. The policeman
bought a. diamond ring from Hammer
ezslih & Field for $110 on credit, a suit of
clothes and an. overcoat from Itoos Bros.,
340 worth of underclothing and other
jroc-fls from Marcus Ilart. Kearny street;
a pair of shoes from Michael Keubold,
Bueh street; J40 worth of athletic goods
from Will &. Finck; a gold watch from
LIchenstein Bros., Stockton street, and a
euit of clothes from Charles Keilus & Co.
of the Hub. lie aJso bought a camera
for $tX) and sold it for $10. It is thought
there are others to be heard from.
Three money brokers are also mourn
ing Green's severance from the Police De
partment. He tiold his warrajit lor July
to Bier & Regans burger, Ferdinand Smith
«nd Hanak & Lesley. One of the trio was
more fortunate than the others, as only
Jl'O was advanced on the warrant, the
i.thfrs discounting it !n full. At the Hub
'Jrcon assigned the warrant as security
for the suit of clothes. ai;d that is the
charge on which he will be arrested.
Chief Sullivan, who lives on Page
Ftreet, met Green as he was going home
to lunch at noon. The Chief a?kcd him
•why he had deceived so many store keep
f rs! and Green nonchalantly replied: "Oh.
wr-11, it isn't the 1 end of the month yet and
if I can't pay them my father will." At
this time wurd had bfen B«?:it to the va
r:ous police station? to bring Green to
headquarters when found, hut the Chief
fail.d to accept the honor of making the
arrest.
KnotTing That He Would Be Dis
missed From the Force He I»ays
in a Stock of Personal
Effects.
Charles Green Obtains Goods
and Money by False •
Pretenses.
TRADESMEN ARE
BUNKOED BY AN
EX-POLICEMAN
California sole leather has been de
clared by the War Department officials
at Washington to be of superior quality.
The order forbidding its use in the manu
facture of shoes for the United States
army has been rescinded. Closely fol
lowing this action the Government has
contracted with Cahn, NIckelsburg & Co.
and Buckingham & Hecht of this city for
the manufacture of 75,000 pairs of army
shoes at once, California sole leather to be
used therein.
The order was received yesterday. The
shoe manufacturers and the tanners were
naturally much pleased. Some time ago
Quartermaster General Ludington ob
jected to California sole leather. An in
vestigation into the merits of the article
was promptly advocated by the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, by
California tanners, • by Cahn, Nickels
burg & Co.. and by Buckingham &
Hecnt. Senator Perkins and Con
gressmen Loud and Kahn co-operated
at Washington, upon learning the fact?,
in an effort to havo the orders that dis
criminated against the California product
revoked. The Californians were strength
ened in their position by the voluntary tes
timony of leading shoe manufacturers !n
the East that the California sole leather
was a superior article.
Nothing has been lost by the local
leather men. The authorities, when the
facts were fully presented, acted prompt
ly and no business has been diverted from
this State. This was found to be another
reason for satisfaction among shoe manu
facturers and tanners yesterday. The
leading journal of the leather trade, the
Shoe und Leather Reporter, published in
New York, recently commented editorial
ly, under the head of "Discrimination
Against California Leather," in part as
follows:
"There have frequently been conditions
In the specifications of Government con
tracts for shoes and leather that are un
accountable to ordinary mortals. A con
splcuous instance of this kind is the re
striction placed upon the manufacturers
of shoes in San Francisco in the recent
bids for army supplies. They are pro
hibited from uslnp sole leather made In
California in the bottoms of the shoes. No
condition of this kind is laid upon Eastern
manufacturers. The manufacturers of the
Pacific Const are thus heavily handi
capped. This discrimination against cer
tain sections of our country, regardless of
the leather tanned, is unnecessary and un
just, and should not be permitted by the
Government, authorities, as it is evident
that unless the regulation was stupidly
made it is the intention to favor certain
tanners at the expense of others. Very
creditable leather is now being turned out
on the Pacific Coast, which is fully equal,
so competent jiidpes say. to that made In
any other part of the country. It is used
to a large extent by many shoe manufac
turers east of the Rocky Mountains."
Large Contracts Placed With Local
Manufacturers and. Home Product
Beceives Complete Offi
cial Vindication.
Order Forbidding Its 'Use
in Shoes for Army
Rescinded.
VICTORY IS WON
FOR CALIFORNIA
SOLE LEATHER
TRANSPORT AND COLLIER
COLLIDE OFF THE COAST
WOODEN COFFER, WITH 'WROUGHT
IRON MOUNTS AND FALLING FLAP,
ON CARVED STAND.
(Spanish— period XVII.)
had stood under the side table, now be
came a part of the interior fittings, and In
course of -time this simple Sheraton cell
aret was superseded by the more recent
shaped receptacle. A com
panion of the sideboard designed by
Adam, with Heppelwhite's guide to the
proper arrangement of dlnlngr room furni
ture, will show clearly that the sideboard
of to-day is but the natural outcome of
the modern co-operative instinct. ' .
In church outfitting chests also played
an important part, containing not only the
sacred vestments,- vessels and books but
also the treasure of the sanctuary- In the
vestries of some of the oldest cathedrals
are still to be found chests of semicir
cular shape, known as cope-chests. In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY iO. 1900.
i MB. AND MRS. MARTIN FRANCIS HBTJBANIK. . t
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
, MEN OF AFFAIRS
l^eed Proper Food to Supply the Brain.
The "Medical Sentinel' 1 comments on
the restless brain worker of our large
cities and refers to the fact that he
thinks he knows as much about the
needs of the brain, when he is tired and
shows brain fag, as a trained prac-
titioner.
He is inclined to spur up the tired
organs by some stimulant or perhaps
quiet its complaints with the narcotic of
tobacco, and this plan goes on until
suddenly he collapses, for brain fag is
a sure sign that the elements that com-
pose the brain are being more rapidly
used up than replaced by the food.
f There is really a choice of but two
j athwayg for an active brain worker — a
man of affairs — when he shows symp-
toms of breaking down. Either he must
quit work or he must have food that will
replace she structure of brain and nerve
centers as rapidly as they are used up
each day.
Chemical analysis of the particles
thrown out throuph the pores of the
body shows that after continued brain
work a lar^e portion of excreta contains
phosphate of potash. It is known thai
when this element is furnished by the
food in p r °P cr quantities the system
unites it with albumen and from that
compound makes the gray matter that
fi]!s the nerve centers and the brain.
This is an especial feature of the food
known as Grape-Nuts, a delicious,
ready-cooked, and predigested break-
A definite and well understood gain in
brain power and physical strength will
tet in after Grape-N'uts have been used
cifrht or ten day?, and sustained and
continued brain work can be carried on
if a reliance is placed upon this food in
connection with the ordinary food of
thjday.
tLrape-Xuts Food is sold at all first-
class groceries.
John Bull's theaters employ 820,000 per-
sons. .I Continued on Page Thirteen.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, J_y IS.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, CO hour? from
San Dlcso. etc.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, « days ZZ hour*
from Honolulu.
Stmr Tlllamook. Hushes. 13 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 14'i day9 from Nome.
via Dutch Harbor 10 dava 3 hours.
Ptmr Aztec. Tra*k, S4 hours from Nanalmo.
Stmr Iaaua. Bash. 43 hours from Eureka, la
tow c.f tus Monarch. _" ¦"
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. 22 hours from Bear
Aus stmr Slam. Xlgga. SI hours from Oys
"ch^Neptune, Johnson, 4S hours from Houda
Landlns. cleared -- '
Wednesday. Ju!y IV
Stmr Xe— port. Saunrters. Panama: P M S
Br ship Elmhurst. McKenzle. Queenatown;
Balfcur Guthrie ft Co.
Bktn S G Wildrr. Jackson. Honolulu; Wil
liams. IHmond _ Co. w
SAILE^ ( lnn_y. Ju i yl S. i
Stmr Cordelia Jleald. Edwards. Unalaska.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolsnr.. San Pedro.
Stmr Newport. Bamder*. I'anama. etc.
Stmr (irffnwood. Faeerlund. .
EStrnr Nattet—l «'»ty. l»ettmerj. Fort Brass.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, .
Tuff Relief. Silivich. Santa Barbara.
I'.ktr. Encore. Palmgren. Puget Sound.
Schr Newark, Heck.
1 Fchr Gotama. Jnhnnn«sen. Coos Bay.
Or schr Aeolus. U'eilhacher, Jalult.
Barce Santa Paula. Nielsen. San Pedro. In
tow of tus Rescue.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July is. 10 p m— Weather
tossy: wind S\V, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 17. lat » S. k» 30 W— r.T ship Acamu.
Per tu»r Monarch— July IS, 10 m!!»s N r'
Point Reyes, hark U P Kithet. from Honolulu,
fcr San KranMsco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Noyo — July is, ? a m. 6 mile* NV*
of. Point Reyes, passed an Iron bark, suppose I
to be R P Rithet.
July 1<>. 1!:3» a m, S miles w of Duxbu-'
Reef, saw an iron bark, supposed to be Anr. .'
Joiinson.
MISCELLANEOUS.
FISHERMEN'S RAY. July H-Schr Ben.V r
Brothers, from San Francisco July 14. repo::*
at •! am t'll* mnrnlnr. S miles off Ftshernv- 4
Bay. saw I!r rtmr B°l<ian Kln^. from > '
I Francisco. July 17. for Seattle, with Nor ittar
Tell'.is. from Comox, for San Francis?o. In t '"•
Tellus haJ her no*e badly damaged and Mima
to be low down in the water, making very if*
progress.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local stocks and bonds were dull and un- |
changed all day. The oil stocks, too, were mo
tionleis.
The Challenge Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 5c.
The Home Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 10c rer share on the 20th.
The Yukon and Rex Oil Companies paid dlvi- 1
dends of 2c and 3c yesterday, aggregating $2000 j
and $3000 each. !
The Pacific Coast Company has declared the .
regular quarterly dividends of IVi per cent on
the first preferred. 1 per cent on the second
preferred, and 1 per cent on the common, paya
ble en Aueust 1.
The Centennial-Eureka Mining Company has |
declared a second regular quarterly dividend
of $1 per share.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. July 1S-2 p. m .
Bid'.Ask. Bid.Ask!
IT S Bonds— Equit G L Co. 3»i 4
4s quar coup..lin : !»lir.'% .Mutual El Co. — n
Is do reg llo^m'i, O G L _ H.7._« 43
4s do cp new. .134 134'i I Pae Gas Imp. 47 4714
3s quar coup..llO>-;m | Pac L Co 43% _
Miscellaneous — Sac KIG&RCo. 21 —
Cal-st Cab 5a..ll«4 — iSFfli-E.... 4?H 431i
C C Water 53.. lC.'Silce'i r-an Francisco. 4% 5
Ed L & P 6s.l2S'/ 4 — tUkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6<»..115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 Firem.'s Fund. 223 —
II C _ S C',-23. — — ] Hank storks-
Do 5s 101 103 iAnglo-Cal Ltd 68 70
L A Ry .'s....M4?4 — Bank of Cal.. .408 —
L A Lt Co Cs. — — Cal S D & T..103 —
Do sntd 6s.. — — First National — 290
L. A entd 5s... 100 — | Lon P * A... 13»
L A P R R 5s. — 101?i Merchants' Ex 13 —
Mnrket-st Bs..l?^ — Nev Nat P.lc. — _
Do 1st M as. 113 — Pavin;s Banks
N a N O R 7s. — — Ger S & L 1S3O _
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — Hum S _ L.... _ _
Do 5s UTH — Mut Sav V.'.i... « _
NPCRR 6s.ini — S F Sav l T ....y>5 _
Do 03 1*> — i^av & L So.... 7* 7a
N Cal of R Ss.lll'i — fee Eav Bk.. — _
Oak G L&H5slll t_ Union T Co _
Oak Tran 6s.. 115 U5»i Street Raiiroads.—
Oak W Co is.. — 104 (California ... i-"> _
Oceanic S Co. .105 106 |Geary-st ' ;o _
Om C Ry 6s. .12S — |Markpt-st*Ry.. 63 84
P & Cl Ry fis.10.IH _ OSI.4H i7>i
P _ O R R Cs.115 — Presidio _ 2 2'»
! Powell-st R 6a.l2i> — Powder Stocks—
' Sac El&GRJs. 96U1C0 California 155 ifsu
p F & SJV Js.113 120 Oiant Con Co. 5,6 S7
S Ry of Cal 6s.HI — Vi^orit m: 3
S P of A 6s...llO%lUt;l Surar Stocks—"
S P C «s,ltfO5).lM nn^i liana S P Co. SH j
Do (D06) ....111^113 lHaw C & S Co S7 —
Do (l'J12) ....ll:i l_',i|Konokaa S Co _t: s'ti
SPRClst jrntos — — tlfntch S P r n 24>i —
S P IJr 6s 131^ — iKilauea S PCo 19«t •>(>
S V Water 6s.n:» — j Makawell S Co45\ 47'i
Do 4s lC3',iKMU Ononsea S Co.- M
Do 3d mtg...l01t,lu; Paauhau S Co 31 3iii
Stocktn Gas 6s 9:>\, — Miscellaneous—
Waterworks— i Al Pack Ansn.llTH —
Contra Costa.. C.u CS'j Cal Fruit Assn 9« —
Marln Ccurity. 60 « - jMer Ex Asan. 97 lrto
Spring \ alley. 84 s ; 9a'i Oceanic S Co. 92 S3K
Gas & EKxtrlc— | Pac A F A — _
Cent O _ Co.. — — I p a c C nor Co 130
Cent L & P Co 4% 5% I Par Paint Co?I 10 -
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers* Assn un ro
63 Makawell. cash 4; --,
23 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 . 43 25
$Z<M Sprint? Valley bonds, 4s (3d Mtge)..101 75
1C0 Yiirorlt 3 O o
Street—
90 Giant Powder Con *8 oo
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 113 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$KC0 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 CO
60 Honokaa S Co 22 _
.-•n Makawell 48 75
|4f00 Oceanic S S bonds 1O."» CO
lOO Pacific Gas Imp 47 CO
70 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 37'4
Street—
20 Tfcink of California 410 CO
DO Oceanic S S Co 92 JO
JIOCO Spring Valley bonds, 4s (M Mtge)..104 00
BOSTON July IS.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: There
has been a little more looking around for wool
and consumers generally may be said to have
manifested more Interest In the market, which
fact combined with the decided Jlrmnesa
shown at the London sales, where the decline
in prices recorded at the opening have been
substantially recovered, has tended to Impart
a more cheerfut feeling in the wool market.
There is as yet no material increase to t>» noted
In the volume of business transacted, however,
whlc.1 Ftill remains of very small proportions.
The s.iles of the week In Boston amounted to
1 313 000 pounds domestic and 320.000 pounds for
e'tRTi makinct a total of 1.663.000, against a to
tal of 3 316.000 for the previous week and a to
tal of 1O.16J.S0O for the corresponding week last
year The stiles since January amount to 71,
837,000 pounds, against 14'J,77C,0OO pounds for the
corresponding; time last year.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July IS.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 11,198 bales were offered. American
buyers paid full prices for suitable cro?sl.reds.
There was a steady demand for Falkland
Island wools. Scoured wools sold well. The
attendance was larce'.
Northern Business.
¦ -V- ,i. -,¦ •¦ ¦'¦" "• ; ' ; .¦'¦':./'¦ I-'.".';
Vi-J OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 18.— Clearings, $414.
312; balances, $80,415. #
WASHINGTON.
1 TACOMA. Wash.. July IS.— Clearings, $158.
! 919; balances. $27,990.
Northern Wheat Market. v
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 13.— Wheat, quiet and
unchanged; Bluestem. 09c; Club, 67c; both for
CXPOrt - OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. July. 18. — Wheat, steady:
Walla Walla, C6©57c: Valley, 56c; Bluestem,
C9Q60C.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 18.— Consols, PS; pllver. 2SU;
French rentes. iZW. Wheat cargoes on pass
age easier and neplected: cargoes No. 1 Stand
ardCallfornla. 30s 3d: English country markets,
part Is cheaper. .
LIVERPOOL, July IS.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July IS.— Prices were reduced
considerably In Iron and steel to-day, due to
' the enormous pressure to sell. The local mar
! ket for plgiron warrants declined 50o. to $13.
j No 1 Northern was quoted at $16© IS and No. 2
Jl.-<ffl6 Philadelphia reported R decline of $1
per ton nnd weak nt the decline. Pittsburg
I stoel billets were down $17020. Tin In London
was Kn tor spot and unchanged for futures,
with the close easy. Here the spot market was
steady, but futures closed weak at $32 7j for
Julv and August and $31 73^32. Spot tin closed
at $34@34 37',-i- Copper ruled dull and unchanged
at *16 iO. Lead and spelter continue dull and
unchanged on the basis of $3 97^iS4 02 4 and
$4 l-i/.<ijl 22'4. respectively. The brokers price
for lead was $3 £0 and for copper $16 oO.
Boston Wool Market.
*- — * ;
NEW YORK, July IS.— Fl.OUR— Receipts, j
20.3SS barrels: exports, 2CS3 barrels. Sales, S200 ;
l>ackages. Market weak at old price, which ¦
was about fiilic above buyers' views.
WHEAT— Receipts, i'2.'. bushels; exports. !
none; sole.s. 4,16O,o6O bushels futures; 9G.C0O j
bushels export. Spot weak; No. 2 Red, S2 7 8 c \
f. o. b. aflott and 80V(c elevator; No. 1 Nortn
ern Puluth. 81%c f. o. b. aficat to arrive; No. I
1 hard Duluth. ?:%c f. o. h. afloat to arrive.
Options oper.fd steady on better cables and l?*s
favorable < rep estimate! from the Northwest
but toon eased off. IJuils lacked confidence and
mail>- no attempt to meet the attack by which
bears brought prices to the lowest point of
the day. Closed weak at H<8Uc net decline.
July, SlVi<&82%*. closed BlVic; September, 1*^
(fiS2 l \c. closed SO^ie; October. Sl@SlHc. closed
Me- Decerr.ber, SlV«883c closed Sl'SsC.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFKR— Spot Rio, firm: No. 7 Invoice. 9l£c:
mild, quiet. Cordova. S'^tfi 13>4c. Futures, closed
firm, 3^1 to 43 points highor: total sales. o6,230
bags, includir.K: J.uly. S.lio; August. 8.30c; Sep
tember, 8.2:fi^.C5c; October, 8.40®8.€5c; Novem
ber. S.C0JrS.7Jc: December. 8.7o(&9.fcOc; January,
9.f»c; Marrh. "i.OLCiii.tOc; May, 9. 0'.'O 9. 15c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong: Fair Refining. 4 5-lGc
bl<!: Centrifugal, !«; test. 4 13-10e bid; Molasses
Sucar. 4 I-I60 bid; Refined, firm.
Hl.'TTICR— Receipts. :007 packages. Market
firm; Creamery, lti'-iSlS'.ic; current packed
factor}'. n^ilCc.
KGGS— Receipts, S?.",3 packages. Market
steady. Western nt mark. l\ r <jC\3c for average
lots; Western, loss off. 15c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July IS.— There was little If
any demand for Evaporated Apples to-day. Of
ferings were scarce, however, and this fact
fi.-ivc a steady undertone to the market. At
the close prices were unchanged. California
dried fruit? were inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3H(tvc; prime. C'.ifia^ic; choice, h\<Si\ie; fancy,
!- CALIFORNIA DRIED PRL*NES-3',t'S7c per
pound as tn size end quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 115714c; Moorpark, l'.'iyi'c.
PEACHES— Peeled. U&lSc; unpeeled, CgSc.
Time Ball.
Branch HydroKTaphlc Office, I?. S. N.. Mer
chantV Exchange, San Francisco-, Cal.
July IS. 1200.
The time ball on the tower cf the r.e— Ferr
bulldinc was dropped at exactly r.eon to-day-
I c at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich tlm-.
Lieutenant Commander. I*. P. N.. In
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Ccast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sar.
Francisco Ray. Published by offlclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The htjfh anrl low waters occur at
the rity fmr.t (M!?!>!cn-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute later than at Fort Point:
the hetRht of tl'l* is the same at both places.
THL*rtSr>AY. J?LT 15.
sun rlaea 5^
NOTE— In the above exposition or tne tide*
the early morning tides are given tn the left
hand column and the successive tides of tIM
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time cr.lumn Ktves the second tide of
the day. the third time column tha third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
friven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the nunber given Is subtracted from
the depth riven by th» charts. The plane of
refer»nre la the mean of the Iwr low waters.
Charters.
The Muriel loads lumber «t Pert Blakeley far
\- 3 uraea, Cs Cd. prior to arrival.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Elmhurst cleared yesterday
for Qneerstown tor orders, vlth ts.703 centals
•heat valued at ?61.CST. and 17.00*1 feet lumber
dunnage, valued at $:.'¦."; lo'.al value. $6L!:V2.
Merchandise for Central America. \
Th- SCewport sa'.:e4 for New Ycrk via Pans- ;
CDS re»tenSay vtlih a general cargo, valued at j
(• : CTl manifested as follows: For Central j
Ami-rl'-a. {"I."' : '. r Mexico, 515,9*1: for Ecua
] r. %"-¦¦ for New York. K9.ES6L
Ajbobc the principal shipments were the fcl- |
For Mexico— 11 cs liquors, 43 bd'.s ahooka. 20 I
segs nails. 72 fks |jctato«-t». 3 cs arms and arn
¦nunJUon. SI I kes niaoh:nery. T cs rubber Roods.
:¦¦• ;.-,--:« w.zt- v. ¦•¦¦*-. •'¦¦ cs •.!:. ?C5 pkffs hardware.
'20 pals wine. 12 Ills tar. 11 cs cry Roods, S or
?r.ior.s= XCS pkes pn.ceriot ar.d provisions, .-a cs
-oal oil. 3S cs fireworks. «J bdls. i bars stee.,
14 reels electrical wire, i cs mineral water. 2nc
L'his flour TI cti starch. 11 cr brass Eoods. 5*f)
eet lum»rf»r. 1739 railroad ties. » pkgs fpices.
:• rf. fruit 2i< ixJir- pir*.
For Central An»erlca^-4«S cals w.ne, .' ca
Jrisc?. =2 I.K4--S har.1wa.ro. 701 lbs f»Ear. S
iv! •«¦»:>- TC:u ihs quicksilver. 43.€>>. 11>» rice. 13)
titAm tallow. 2:;0 Jl.s lard. 19 <s canned KOOds.
JC4 lbs bread. 4 j.kg* tea. ISM bbls flour. ?> pligs
spices, 12 rolla ieath-r, 17 hbls oil. S7 pkps ma
:!.ir..ry. :;: cr onionr. 1T1 fks potatoes. S cs
staples U rV-g* procries anl pravlaiOBis, 17
|.:> paper, i pk«« photo supplies. " cr dry
coo.is. il b'.is •::«¦. 172 .-s coal oil: HO sheets
J txil* iron. 23 cs can<ile«, 15 cs arm? and ammu
nition 10 <"s <5ri»*d !ru:t, 5 cs turpentine. 6 rs
[>s:nt ' 13.?'.r fe»--t luml>er. C cs liquor, 6 bbls
remef.t. 1020 railroad Uea. 1C l-kps railroad ma
terial ]f>0 tons coal, '.0" bdls fprir.gs. 10r9 pkgs
ir r. ralis. 6 cs mineral water. Z'.2i lbs eoCa,
0 bb!s ro»!a.
por Ecuador^-223 bbls flour, value I *>.
"• r New Tortt-CS *kf= boms. H» bbls Ebells.
P9.23J pal<= wine. ;C5 bbls asphalt. 10 bdls rags.
DSC4 cs ta'mor.,
Cargo for Marshal! Islands.
The Gfrn-.an schooner Aeolus cleared Tuey4ay
for Ja:u!t with a cargo of merchandise, valued
at t t 4T£. manifested as follow*: 54 pkrs mill
» rk. C 2 cs canned goods. 103 cs 10 bbls sal
mon. 24') pkgs groceries and provisions. 12.- bd'.s
piiif'. 22 ce hardware. 127 drums casolirie. 1*2
rkrs <i:«til:ate. lj cs dr>- eoods, 3 pk«?s elec
trical goods, 3 rkjrs machinery. 5 p^Ps fruit.
3T:.'€ :ert iunil»r 4 cf ril. » b<ils cordage. JJ
cr osionf. I2.«00 btitk. S pkes tanks. 7 cs books.
20 £»£ iictatoes.
The General Business Situation.
The New Y< rk circular of Henry Clews says:
"Values have shown a decided disposition
to :r;:; rore. In the face of li?ht transactions,
which appear* to demonstrate the inherent
Ftrength of lhe t'enera! situation. The r«ad-
Ju:-i:;er.t in genera! business lines has lately
been viewed ir. a. rctlier t^/o pessimistic way
by :i:ary people. The enormous demand of
the last two jears Inevitably resulted in an
overvroducUcn, which must await gradual con
sumption, hence the ehading in prices and
the slacking off ir. sales, tut the fact remains
that The ereat mass of the people are upon
a larfecr Income basis. Wage scales still rule
materially higher than for many previous
rears, ami bence a \.-ry large purchasing pow
er Frill rtniains to stimulate business. This
fact alone fhoull be enough to confound th*
alarmists'. More farorabie weather conditions
ir. both wheat and cotton growing districts
have caused a more hopeful feeling an-1 bid
fair to result in a better crop j-howing. Af
fairs in South Africa are progressing slowly
l>ut surely toward a cessation of hostilities.
WhT. UUs shall have been accomplished the
material i-irrea?e in c°ld receipts at Lrtndon
<h:::- t fail xo benefit the general European
fir.aTic'.al hituation. The immense re'ief that
?.-ill he aooorded the sadly overstrained
finances of ?t. Petersburs and Berlin will, of
course, have a ber.eflcl.-i! tITect all over the
•rorld. We sha'.l come ia for our full share
f«f :r-?sh Investment! v.hen the time comes.
Arrfrirpn securitiet- ujv.n an al.srilute Kold ba
f is ar>.'. backed by steadily increasing rarn
ir'.ri' ' Cfer £ fiel-i that will not be overlooked.
\K" find a nK?t eBCOUTBCiBaj sign in the placii.c
of the Louisville and Nashville Railway sTock
upon a declared 4 per cent basis. Such action
by a ma r.a cement well understood to lx» oon
(*rvati\-« dirplava faith In the b'lrlnes!' future.
jt is w.'!l, however, to exercire reasonable cau
ti f r. in view of the remaining uncertainties
in th» situation end temr*r enthusiasm with
prudence."
V/'eatJier Report.
<12^th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. July IS, 3 p. -m.
The following maximum temiwratMres we:;
rr-!>orr"»<5 from stations In California to-day:
Gureka €1 I>ds Ang«les 76
Fresno 108 Sacramento
M<-unt Tamalpeit.T;; M independence >|
Rr<1 niuff 1*1 ?an Diego 7>
5an Luis Ob!*po II
F«.n nrancipco data— Maximum temperature,
Cf 1 : minimum, 50; mean. 55.
V.KATIiKR CONDITION? AND GENERAL
tX)RECAPT.
The rr* sf ' J f *¦«*»¦ risen slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Hope. It has fallei
over <"al!forriia and Southern Oregon. An arw
cf high rresRure overlies Washington ant
NTthern Idaho.
The tfrr.perature has fallen deci'lefllv ovoi
Northern Nevada. Northern l"tah and Wyom
ing. It has ri^< > n rapidly over Oregon an'
Wsis'iir.jrton. In the preat valJeys of Califor
n'.a the tomfieriture < i (>nt!nu*'f high. Along th<
coast the t*-m:<erstui>-s are variable. Neah H-'j
and Par. I,;eK<> reporting €C degrees and'-Sn:
Francisco 56 degree*. San Fran'-lsco Is th<
coolest ftatinn. except Point Reyes, reporting
A maximum wind velocity of 2S miles "yci
hour, from ,th« north, is reported at Pcca
tello. Fog jirevalls off the central coast o
California.
Forecast made «t Pan Francisco for thirv
hour* f-rdlng mi'lr.ight. .luly 1&. ISCfl.
Northern Cclifornia— Fair Thursday, lign
northerly win<lF; continued warm in the i.i
torSor: westerly winds on the coast, v.ith Tot
Southern California— Fair Thursday; /res!
westerly wind?.
N«-vnda— Fair Thursday.
I'tsh^Kalr. •rarmer Thursday.
Arizona— C.'oudy TliUfday.
Ban J'r«nfl»oo and virlnltv— Fa'.r Thursday
troll msterlr Bind*, with fcg.
ALEXANDKR G. ITcAPIE.
Forecapt Offlclal.
EASTERN MARKETS
Nczp i ork Stock Market.
SEW TORK. July lS.-The bulls partly Je
elrted from their effort* to advance prices t .
day and the recent appearance of activity due
to their oj>eratior.« promptly gave place again
to nomething near to stagnation. While the
pTOHRin U) realiz<» was not severe it was evi
dent that the recent demonstrative buying by
the bull party has failed utterly to attract
any demand frnrn outside sources 50 that no
market »s offered for taking of profits. It ifc
not difficult to foretell what would be tne
effect und'-r these eircurr.Ftanrrs of the selling
out of recent speculative purposes. Appar
ently the principal reason for the ceasing" of
bull manipulation wan the demonstrated futil
ity of the attempt to attract outside buyln*.
Predictions of dividend action en Baltimore
end Ohio are fo far discredited that that
ptock went backward to-day and even Union
Pacific, which tisn been advanced by much
more aggressive management, fell hack almost
ee much, the latter losing IVi net and the
former l*g. The increase in the dividend rate
of Illinois Central apparently did not add to
th-> credence given to the predictions of other
dlvi^iPini incr^'fltePS. Y**?t *?r<33. v' s violent ri sc of
4 potnta In I'acific Mail and the strength of
the Pacific railroad stocks was more fully
rxplalned by to-day's detailed reports of the
chartering <>f steamships In the Pacific by the
United States Government and in the Atlantic
by tile Grrniaii Government for use in the
Pacific to transport military supplies to China.
lJut the Inviting prospect thus offered of lucra
tive traffic far the transcontinental railroad
lln^s was offset to-day by some other con
sidetatlor!? <if the result to accrue from the
war In China. Wall street has not given
much attention hitherto to the check in ex
port trade in textiles caused by the ur.sntl-*
m*nt in China. The uneasiness caused abroad
l>y reports <•? Boxer inroads upon Russian ter
rltory brought tales of securities in New York
for foreign account an<i a reminder that force.l
liquidation abroad rr.isht throw eoreideraUe
bunlens ui>on the New York stock market. The
day's shipments of gold were a reflection of
the money needs "f foreign markets, which
are not unlikely to grow acute if the Gov
ernment expenditures for war should become
large. To-('.ay's engagement, amounting to
J2.«:i").CW>. was* more than ft million less th.-iii
anticipated. A further sharp advance in sterl
ing exchange at Peris, a reduction in the Bank
of England's price for American eac;!es and
a slight decline in the London rate of dis
count were all developments toward a lessen
ing of the attraction at Paris for gold. At
advance In the Hank of England* • rate of dis
rouni to-morrow is not felt to be so certain
now a? yester.!.T-. The immediate continuity
of the gold export movement Is ;hus felt to
be In doubt. But if military operations are
to be carried on In China the needs of foreign
Governments for capital will certainly con
verge upon Now York as this Is now the cheap
est money market in the world. But the un
tasiness is caused by the conjecture as to tl.e
effect upon the New York money market when
the interior demand for moving crops is addtd
to the foreign demand. The money market in
New York continues dull, but funds for time
loans for the longer periods are scarce.
The bond market continued dull and the
fluctuations were uneven. Total sales, pat
value. EKS.O0O.
I'nited States 3s (registered) declined U and
the new 4s S in the bi.l price. The 3s (coupon)
advanced x » and old 4s \ p?r cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhnres Closlns
Sold. Stock— Bid.
POO Atchison 25>.;
7.720 Atcfalaon prefd 69^ ;
6,>23 Baltimore & Ohio ~'> l i ,
ICO Canadian Pacific iS
Canada Southern 45 |
735 Chesapeake & Ohio X~>i \
Chicago Great Western lt\ ]
7.6.<1 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy ISO 3 * !
Chicago, In.l & Louis 23 j
Chicago. Ind & Louis prefd 50 i
K<) (."hic-apo & Eastern Illinois S3 ]
2.730 Chicago & Northwestern 13S l i j
Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific W; I
COO C C C & St Louis i>
1C0 Colorado Southern 0
ICO Colorado Southern 1st pre:d 41 l i
I Colorado Southern 2nd prefd I6\i
I Delaware & Hudson Ill 1 *
1.023 I">:a'.vare. I-sck & Western 175
! Denver &¦ Hio Grande 17 s i
100 Df-nver & Rio Grande prefd 65%
i Erie 10%
200 Erie 1st prefd k!fc
! Grfat Northern prefd 152
I Hocking Coal 13'i
I Hocking Valley 34
3,830 Illinois Central US%
210 Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central prefd 40'i
100 Kansas City, Pitts & Gulf 16
j Lake Erie Ai W*-«tern CC'-i
¦ Lake Erie £: Western prefd , i'O
I Lake Shore 210
j 3.520 Louisville & Nashville 73
2.3"0 Manhattan L
S20 lletn i'Olitan St Ry 150 a i
100 Mexican Central 1-'*
1 Minn .t St Louis 54'i
' Mir.n & St Louis r-refd 91
3.4C0 Missouri Pacific ""'s
! Mobile & Ohio 37=4
! . Missouri, Kansas & Texas i'.s
250 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 31
220 N-"W Jersey Central IM',4
1 ztr, Npw York Central 129 s *
720 Norfolk &• Western 34 1 ;
10O Norfolk & Western prefd 77 l i
1.000 Northern Pacific J-O'i
1S9 Northern Pacific prefd <1%
! 7 4C0 Ontario & Western 20U
' .... Oregon Ry & Nav 42
! Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 16
."70 Pennsylvania 12S'b
3-10 Reading }J '
! 2.:m Readlne 1st prefd •>!'¦'»
100 Reading 2nd prefd 2S> 2
I Rio Grand- Western »»»
1 Hio Grnncle Wertern profd I'O
j ..." St Louis & San Fran 0!4
". ... St I/OUis & Han Fran 1st prefd 67
400 St Lout* & San Fran 2nd prefd — 33
St Louis Southwestern 10
?(io Pt Ixiuis Southwestern prefd *3V4
5 SCO St IMul l l ° T -»
St Paul prefd i"- 4 *
pt Paul A- Omaha •• 1 1?.,
4,;3fi Southrrn Pacific S-H
CM Southern Railway H
2CO Southern Railway prefd JZj
K0 Tpxbs & Paclflc 14-4
2\l^i Tnion Pacific »<H
3 072 Vr.'.on Pacific prefd »J»
..'.... Wabash ,',«
Wabavh prefd IJJ4
Wheeling & Lake Krie Jj»
2iO Wheeling & I^ke Erie prefd 22*
Wisconsin Central U'4
P!:;pre;s Companies —
\ ,»;. ¦*:: — 117
i [MIIII American J -^
i United States 4<j
; Wellf Farco I- 3
Ml5^«'llaner,us— ,
! \mrrioan C.Mtrn Oil 33'*
: .... American Cotton Oil prefd &S
' ... American Malting 3 V«
¦¦ American Maltir.g prefd IS
\merlcan Smelting & Refining 3.
17^> American Smelting & Kef prefd S8
i American Spirit* 1
I American Spirits prefd !•
2C0 American Steel Hoop 19*i
4^0 American St»el Hoop prefd «7%
2.723 Ainrrioan Steel A- Wire 82!*
f'O \meri« - an Steel & Wire prefd 72
111 American Tin Plate 21
120 American Tin Plate prefd 73
2.60-1 American Tobacco 91
1(V> American Tobacco prefd 123
3.VI Anaconda Mining Co 40%
; 2 -K, Brooklyn Rapid Transit hZ'<n
l.'.Zf Cr.lrrado Fu'l & Iron 83%
4 r o Continental Tobacco 2".
3fiO Continental Tobacco prefd 78*i
S.4CS Federal Steel 32'i
I Federal Sterl prefd 6j
ir<» General Electric 13')
270 Glucose f-'ugar 03 1 *
Glucose Surar prefd 99
International I'aper 22 l i
l f i0 Internatlor.al I'aper prefd 64>i
Lac'.rde Gas 74
SdO National P.iscult' 2S',i
National Biscuit prefd SO
National Lead 20U
National I.* a d prefd 97^
CW National Steel 23'.i
1M) National Steel prefd S4
New York Air Brake 13S
200 North American l.'A*
240 Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 83
243 Pacific ("oast 2d prefd 62U
1.7?,3 Pacific Mail 20»£
227 People's Gas 9S>,i
Pre«w-d Steel Car 4''H
... Pressed Steel Car prefd 70
; Pullmnn Paiace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine »
2S.MS3 Sugar 12H4
23n Surar prefd 110
. 1.035 Tennessee Coal A- Iron C6U
220 ITnited States Leather ;..., M^
',', 2CK) I'nlted States leather prefd 67»4
400 1'nlted State* Rubber 23
' I'nited States Rubber prefd 92»4
MO \Vostem Union 78"^
! 100 Rep I 4 L Co llij
Rep I ft L Co prefd 54
, PC C & St Louis 57
Third Avenue 109
200,700 shares sold.
. ' .- CLOSING BONDS.
. L* S ref 2s. when |M K & T 2ds 69H
1 Issued, reg 103*i M K * T 4s 919s
; Do coup 103*i T* V Central Ists. .10$
. I a S 2» rep..,.. 100 N J Cent sen is... 122
NEW YORK, July IS.— Porter Bros.' Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Plums—Wick
son, 20c<g$l 70 single crate; Garllch,. $1 35: Yel
low Egg, 60c(gfSl 25: Kelsey Japan, $1 65; Brad
shaw. $1 30; Comedy, 65c: Washington. 20@60c;
Kelsey, $1 £0; P D, ZoQIjc; Satsuma, 55c;
Abundance, 4oc; Burbank, 95c; Peach, 65@60c.
Peaches— St. John, 40<&45c box;. Decker. 35@90c;
Foster. 25@73c; Early Crawford. 35@65c. Nec
tarines—Red. $1 05 single crate. Prunes—Hun
garian, 60c single crate; Tragedy, 65(i|S0c; Sil
ver. $1 05@l 10. Grapes— Fontalnebleau, 43g35c
single crate. Pears— Bartlett, 65c(&U 15 box and
40c half box.
7Gcfj?2 35 box. Peaches— Early Crawford. 40®
S5c box: St. John, 30«75c; Imperial, average 25c
box. Plums— Burbenk, 15&70C single crates;
Earl FruU Company's sales: Pears— Bartlett,
Kelsey Japan, 60c<3$l 85; l»urple Duane, 80@'j0c;
Ogon. 20&C3C; Washington, 40gS0c; Satsuma.
30iS-;5c. Prunes— German. 6*JT65e; Tragedy, 30®
85c. Twenty-one cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, July IS.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and re
alized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts
(box). Jl 10 to $1 70, average Jl 52; l!artlett»
(vent). 70c to Jl 45, average $1 06. Peaches—
Crawfords (box), 40c to 70c, average 5Sc; Decker
(box), average 00c. Plums— Burbanks (single
crate), 23c to $1 15. average 5Sc; Botans (single
crate), average &0c: Braoshaw (single crate).
75c to SOc, average 76c; I 'each (single crate),
25c to 70c, average 67c; Purple Duane (single
crate), 4oc to $1 20, average 76c; Washington
(single crate), £0c to SOc. average 74c: Wickson
(single crate), *1 15 to $1 35. average $1 45; Yel
low Egg (("ingle crate), average $1 20. Prunes
—Tragedy (single crate), 65c to SOc, average 75c.
Thirteen cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
Porter Brothers Company's sales
Prunes — Tragedy. 70Q85C single crate. Plums —
Royal Hative. 60c, single crate; Peach. GOfiSCc;
Ofon, 73c; Walllnc. 70c; Washington, 75c.
lVars— Uartlett. 51 8001 50 box and 75c halt
box. I\ aches- Early Crawford, 43#60c box;
Imperials. iS&SSe; St. Johns. 45Q45C.
BOSTON, July is.— The Karl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Pears— Bartletts (box),
SOe to $1 55, average $1 IS. Peaches -Early
Crawfords (box), 90c to We, average 92c; St.
Johns (box), 5,'c to $1 10. average 95c. Plums—
Burbanks % single crate). 53c to 7oc. average 67c.
Prunes— Tragedy (single cratp), 70c to $1, aver
age SOc. Eight cars sold to-day.
PITTSDCRG. July IS.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Pears— P.artletts (box). $1 40
to $1 60, average $1 50. Plums— Burbanks (single
crate), average 60c-; Purple Duane (single
crate), 15c to C3c, average Ctjc: Satsuma (single
crate). 15c to 60c, average 53c. Prunes—Ger
mans (single crate), 60c to 70c, average 6'ic;
Tragedy (single crate), 13c to 65c, average 60.'.
One car sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. July IS.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit at auction to-day: Plums — Bur
bank. S0@35c lex, average 32c; Purple Duan«,
45'yWc, average 60c. Prunes— Tragedy, 55@90c
single crate, average 70c. One car sold to-day.
NEW YORK. July IS.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
reali2ir.g the following prices: Pears— Bartlett.
$1 05&1 60 box, average Jl 2S: Bartlett, 65@!vc
half box, average 73c. Peaches— Imperial, 45®
Cf>c box. av«rag* 54c; Crawford. 40070c, average
57c: Hale's Early. 40-J743C. average 42c; St. John,
?05iC0c, average 45c. Plums- Iturbanks. 25fzSuc
clngle crate, average 50c; Kelsvy Japan, C0c@
$1 60. average $1 42; Ogon. 45(ff6Oc. average 54c;
Purple Duane, 70«jS5c. average 7Sc; Satsuma.
r.r.'idMC, average. 3Gc; Washington. SOftWc, av
pr.ise f»3c. Prun*-?— German. €0@70c single
crate, average 6Cc: Slmuni, 35*1500. average 67c;
Tragmly, 50?j50c, average 74c. Weather very hot.
Twenty-two cars sold to-diiy.
MONTREAL. July 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day and re
alized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts
(box), average $1 03. Peaches— Early Craw
fords (box), average $1 10; Foster 'box), aver
age il OS; St. Johns (box). 60c to 73c. average
Cfic; St. Johns (single crate), average $1 23.
Plums— Wickson (single crate), average $1 1!».
Prunes— Tracedy (single crate), average 90<:.
Three cars sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July IS.— CATTLE— Receipts, 14,
5C0. Good to choice strong, others slow.
Native*, best on sale to-day, one car branded
at $3 73': good to prime steers. $5 1O4J5 75; poor
to good. $4 3095; poor to medium, $4 6'.iv75;
pplecte-J feeders. $4-54 65; mixed ptockers. $3 L'3?J
3 90; cows, $3"ii4 73; heifers, SStij 15; canners,
$° lf*"r?2 S."<; bulls, strong, $301 «0; calves, weak.
$1 504*6 30. Texans— Receipts, 700; Texas fed
ctetrs. "steady. $4 I(^<i5: grass Eteers, steady,
$", 3.VTH 15: bulls, $2 301T3 23.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27.CO0; estimated to
morrow 22,000; left ever, 6C00. Market 10c lower;
top »5 25: mixed and butchers, $4 95^5 22H;
good to choice heavy, $3<&5 22H; rough heavy,
$1 S5fi4 »3; light, $« S5©5 23; bulk of sales, $3 10
©*, 17*4.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16.000. ' Sheep and lambs
stronger for good to choice. Others steady to
slow. Good to choice wethers, $1*35; good to
choice mixed. $3 10R4; "Western sheep and year
lirgyi $', 2.'i(&4 50: Texas sheep, $3^4: .native
lambs. $i<g6 63; Western lnmbs, $5 23Q5 73.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat unsettled and quieter. Barley nominal.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay firm, but quieter.
Nothing doing in Beans and Seeds.
Pgiatocs in free supply and easy. Onions steady.
Eggs firm at a further advance.
Butter and Cheese quiet at previous quotations.
Small Poultry very dull and cheap. Doves neglected.
Fruit market continues dull and featureless.
Nothing doing in Dried Fruits.
Prcn'isions inactive and unchanged.
Hogs continue weak, with increased receipts.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and. Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight. — *> gVi
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 w
Sterling Cables VCl'' " i«u.
New York Exchange, sight.... — J; s
New York Exchange, telegraphic — J» '
Fine Silver, per ounce..... — J^J
Mexican Dollars, nominal... — «¦*
WHEAT- LJvernool wes depressed and Paris
futures were lower.
Chicacc opened firm on renewed complaints
from the Northwest, where the plowing under
of winter wheat was reported resumed Duluth
wired that all talk of crop improvement was
nonsense and that the plant was """loraiing
dally. This bullish talk, however, had little
or no effect; there was no support, the pit was
bearish and the bulls timid and the situation
became very unsettled, being firm and weak al
ternately. . . . . .
Corn opened steady, with a ijood shipping de
mand and 1.000.000 bushels was taken for export
on Tuesday, but liquidation set In and the mar
ket became weak. The depression extended to
the other erains and early buyers became sen-
Trie local market was dull and not material-
y Spof "wheat— Shipping. $1 05: milling. $1 Vi'.i
61 10
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock— December-SOOO
Second Session— December— 20W ctls. ttl3%;
Regular Mornlnsr Session— December— 1000 ctls.
$1 12'*; 4000, *1 12%; 12,000. $1 12?fc.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 12V. 6100. $1 12%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and un-
Feed ' 70c for No.' 1 and 65 1 537VsC for off
grades'; Brewing and shipping grades. 7;®S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session^- No sales.
OATS— The market was quieter yesterday at
ir<»\ ious quotations.
White, U 15-&1 30; Surprise. $1 27',-i'Sl 35; Red.
51 07HS1 20; Gray, $1 lOgl 17*j; Black. $1 05®
I 12Vi per ctj.
CORN— Eastern larre Yellow. $1 17*4t?l 20 per
¦U; Eastern White, $1 17V401 20 per ctl; Mixed,
¦1 1S&1 17>4.
RYE— 92Vi<?f93c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6Cf 3 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40113:0; Oregon
and Washington. $2 73<g3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15^3 50 for bakers'; Eastern, $4 75©
6 75 tier barrel
MILLSTUFFS-Prlcrs in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 D er 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal. $2 .0;
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 SOS'S 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4fi4 2o;
Cracked Wheat. $3 5": Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, 13 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), HU
7 25; In sacks. $3 73«7: Penrl Barley. $3; Spill
Peas, $3; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s,
Hay was unchanced and quieter. Holders
showed no weakness, however. Receipts are
increasing, as usual at this time of the year.
BRAN— J12 50®13 10 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17-1720 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2*?27: Jobbing. $27 50
(§28; Cocoanut Cake. $20©Il; Corn Meai. $24-0.
Cracked Corn. ?23: Mixed Feed. *14.
HAY— Volunteer, $4r/i>8 50: Wheat. $10^12 a0;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50^12: Oat. $S«10; Clover.
$4§6; Alfalfa. $6@7 CO; Barley, $6 5053 30 per
ton.
STRAW- 23@40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head stand about
as before, supplies being liberal.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 S5#3: Small White. $3 2S@
3 40; large White. $2 73® 2 90: Pink. $2 50«2 90.
Red. 12 50®3; Blackeye. J3 10-33 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 30<tf5 40; Pea. S3 40-83 M; Red
Kidneys. W3* 30. ; -, _•;;
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. Jl SO-g^ 20; Canary, 3Hc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2}ift3c; Hemp. 4S4Vic; Timo
thy. 4'iI4 1 4c. '
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2 23®2 SO; Green, J2 25
QZ 50 per ctl
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: New Early
Rose 2.".T»33c: New Burbanks. S3®7Sc per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, oC'geuc; , Yellow, OOcU
$1 Id i>er Ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75cf?51 per sack:
73c!3$l per crate for Berkeley and Sl^l 75 for
Alanieda: Aepar«KUK. 73c'(/*." t«»r b''x; Green
Peas, 2H"53c per lb; String Beans, l'ffSe; Limas,
4c- Cal'ihaK*. 4O'i» •'•<"•¦ Tomatoes. Rivers, "bcif
tl 23; Egg Plant, 73cS$l 23 per box: Green Okra.
10c Green Peppers » &0<i;7r,c per box for Chill
and 9W7J1 for Bell: Drl'-d Peppers. Sf?10c: Car
rots, 23@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 50375c
for Alameda; Cucumbers, :'5(a40c !or Alameda;
Pickles. S5S9Oc: Garlic. 2S3c per lb; Marrow
fat Squash. J12S15 per ton.
¦Poultry and Game.
The market is dull, particularly for broilers,
which are selling down to almost nothing.
There is no description In the list really firm.
Doves continue to decline, and are very
cheap.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@lle for Gobblers
and 10@12Hc for Hens; Gpese, per pair, $1 23:
Goslings ?1 2;'f?l BO* Ducks. J3«4 50 for oM and
J.1 D0573 for young: Hens. $4«3 50; Young Roost
ers. $i:0@6; Old Roosters. $3 S0@4 ; Fryers, Jo@4;
Broller3. J3Q3 60 for large and $1 30tg2 5o tor
small : Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 ?.vs?i r>0 tor Sauabs.
GAME — Doves, 10c per dozen.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
Egps are higher. The recent hot weather In
the interior has affected even those brands
which are usually known as fancy, and thus
has reduced the supply of really fine Eggs.
Another factor in the r.dvance is the desire on
the part of some dealers to get California Kggs \
up so that they can sell their Eastern Eggs,
which are now coming in freely. Some of these
Eastern Eggs come from the northern tier of
States and are fresh and sound, and selling at
17c: but Egga from Kansas and Nebraska are
known as "net weather" Eggs at this time of
the year, and nre being offered down to 14/?13c.
i Th«»" whole Egg market Is working into better
! shape, as will b* Infefred from the changed
c;uotations.
There Is no change in Butter and Cheese.
The latter Is dull, and In good supplj\
HUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. lSVi1?13c: sec
onds. 17 1 AWlSc.
Dairy— Fancy. 16*4c; good to choice, 13*4@lGc;
common. 14513c.
CHEESE— New, S@9c: Young America. 9\i§
10c: Eastern. lfiS17c: 1Ve?t»rn. l',&16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14i@16c for store and 17Vz@
20c. per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14@17c. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market continues very dull.
Nectarines and Figs are scarce and firm.
Peaches are steadier. Very few good Peaches
are belnc* received here, the arrivals being
mostly confined to refuse lots .which canners
and Eastern shippers do not want This large
ly accounts for the low quotations for this
fruit.
Apricots are on their last legs and buyers
are Icrlns their Interest In them. Plums are
I also slow, though receipts are by no means ex
' cesslve.
I Grapes are quiet and buyers are inclined to
let them alone until they get ripe.
Melons keep steady, receipts being moderate.
Good large green Bartlett Pears are steady,
¦ and find r fair demand. • , ¦
DKCIDT'Ol'S FRUITS
APRICOTS— 20t?30c P er box and crate; and
$10fl20 per ton to the? canners.
APPLES— '¦0c®$l for large boxes; Graven
steins, $l<?n 25; Crahapples, 23®40c per small
box, and 50c per large box.
PEARS— IJartletts. 23®75c In boxes and $15@
I 20 per ton in bulk.
j PLUMS— 20<fi 35c per box and crate, and 20@33c
per basket; in bulk. $10$li per ton; Prunes.
30(S35c per crate and 2^350 per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50573 per chest for large
and $3(55 for small berries.
I RASPBERRIES— $4(fi 7 per chest.
I5LACKBERRIES-J2fj4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $o(gS per chest.
CURRANTS— $2*23 per rhest.
HtTCKI-EBERRIES— 7©Sc per lb.
FIGS— Per box, • lor single and $1 for
double layers.
NECTARINES— White, 30g60o per box; red.
35if?S3c.
PEACHES— 25iSf:V>e per box and 25@40c per
basket: In bulk. J12 50<B20 per ton.
GRAPES— From Arizona. .$1 23 per crate for
white and 73c for black; from Hanford, tl 50:
Fontalnebleau. from Vacavllle, 40(f?;Oc. •
MELONS — Nutmegs. C0c«i$l 7j per case and —
per crate: Cantaloures. $2 SOtfiS 50 per crate.
Watermelons, from Fresno, J10iS20 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS-St. Michaels, $122; Valen
¦
I* S 3s reg 109 IN Pacific 3s 66U
I' S 3s coup HOfc N' Pacific 4a 104*4
IT S new 4s reg 183 iX Y C & S L 4s."~.106V4
V S new 4s coup.. 134 i.V & \V con 4s i)7\t
V S old 4s reg llBHJOr Nav Ists 107
t: S old 4s coup.i..H5»i,iDr Nav 4s 102%
U S 5s reg 113 Or Short Line 6s.. .127*8
L" S os coup 114*4'Or S Line con ."•S..111
Dis of Col 3. 65s.. ..123 [Reading Gen 4s 88
Atchison Gen 4s...lOT*i !r G W lsts 9S
Atchison adj 4s.... SS'a S L. & I M con 5.S.110
Canada So 2ds 107»i!S L & S F gen (is.122
Ches & Ohio i^s.. 83% St Paul consols.... 1C6
Chcs A Ohio 6s....llfiU S P C K- P lsts...llG\6
C & NW con 7s. ...141 |8 P C & P 5s IIS
C & N^VPFdeb uk.12J ISo Pacific 4s 79
Chgo Terminal 4s. 93 .|So Railway 5s IOS'4
Colo Southern 4s... So IPtand It & T 6s.... 72
D & R G Ists 1C2 JTex & Pao Ists.. ..112
D & It G 4s Sr*sTex & Pac 2ds 53
Erie General 4s.... 63 |l't:ion Pacific 4s...lO5iA
V Vf & r> C lets... Tnu Wahash l?ts 116
Gen Electric f.s....H7^ ;ft'al>ash 2ds 102V4
Iowa Central lsts..H2» t West Shore 4s Ill
K C P & G Ists... 71*2 Wis Cent lsts 87
L & N Uni 4s 9S*i Va Centuries 90
MINING STOCKS.
CTiollar I4j0ntario 6 00
Crown Point 06]Ophlr 62
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 ! Quicksilver 1 oO
Gould & Curry 20 Quicksilver prefd . 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 20,' Sierra Nevada 22
Homestake CO 00 j Standard 4 00
Iron Silver 51 J L'nion Con 15
Mexican 14 i yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — /Rubber 23
Call loans 2 ©314'Unlon Pacific 67*4
Time leans ....3',4(& V 4 Weet End S3^4
Stocks — ivVestinghouse El.. 45
A T & S F 23%' Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 6J>-i Atchison 4s 100U
American Sugar... 12Hg;N E Gas&Coke is. 64
Ani Kugar prefd. ...llG 1 *! Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone M% Adventure 2
IfOFton & Albany. .2S3>" 1 Allouez Min Co 1
Boston Elevated. ..142>» Amalgr Copper B5%
Boston & Maine. ..1>S |Atlantic 23
Chgo. Bur & Q....12'Hnoston & Mont. ..30?
Dominion Coal ... 3S IButte & Boston.... 63
Pom Coal prefd. ...llo'-i .Calumet & Hecla..73O
Federal Steel 32 r ' 8 Tentennlal lb'Vj
Fed Hteel prrfd.... c:.' 2 Franklin 13
FItchburg prefd ;.136H Osceola 64
General Elect ric...l30>.. Parrot 40
Gen Elec prefd 137'- Quincy 140«,4
Mexican Central... 12*4 Snnta Fe Copper... 4 1 ,*
Mich Telephone S7'» Tamarack 1SS
N E Gas & Coke.. lSHIUtah Mining 27U
Old Colony 203 'Wineona 2>s
Did Dominion 1S%' Wolverines 3SH
London Market.
NEW YORK, July IS. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a general flatness among gilt-edged
seciirlties 'n the markets here to-day owing to
the spread of the Chinese rebellion and Gen
eral De-wet's escape threugh General Roberts'
cordon. It is rumored that the Indian Gov
ernment Is.abiut to offer £6,000.000 threes. It
Id now gent-rally expected that the bank rate
will be advanced to 3Vi per cent to-morrow. It
would be made 4 per cent but for the necessi
ties of the treasury bill Issue.
CI^OSING
LONDON, July IS.— Atchlson. 26'4: Canadian
Pacific. SO'j: L'nion Pacific preferred. 77'i:
Northern Pacific preferred. 73'-i: Grand Trunk.
6H; Anaconda. S. Bar silver, lirm, iSVid. Money,
l'z'SS l>er cent.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. July IS. — Money on call, easy;
I 1 *®! 1 ; P?r cent; prime mercantile paper, 3\
(jilV. per cent. Sterling exchange easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at J4 S7 for
demand and at $4 &l'iji S4Vi for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 iCfcl »S; commercial bills.
$4 SC*'s' : ?4 KW4. Har s-ilver, 6H4c; silver certi
lirates, ; Mexican dollars, 4S^ic. Govern
ment bonds. Irregular; State bonds, inactive;
railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July IS.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $1CO.COO,OCO gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. J143.Ssi.i53; gold, 167.127,744.
40c; No. 2 oats, 24@25c;No. 2 white. 26»4@2.c:
No. 3 white, 25Vi<?26%c: No. 2 rye. 54%c; good
feeding barley. 3S@42c; fair to choice malting.
46@4Sc; No. 1 flax seed, Jl SO; No. 1 Northwest
ern, %\ SO; prime timothy seed, $3 20; mess
pork, per barrel. $10 655J11 65; lard, per 100
pounds, $6 50<z6 67H: short ribs sides (loose).
$8 «X36 90; dry salted shoulders, (boxed), 6%0>
7c; short clear sides (boxed), $7 25(^7 35; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 23; clover, contract
grade, $S.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24.000 13.000
Wheat, bushels 162,000 177,000
Corn, bushels 633,000 877.000
Oats, bushels 273.000 203.COO
Rye. bushels 10.000
Barley, bushels 6.000 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market. was firm. Creamery.. 15@lSHc; Dairy,
14W17C. Cheese, steady. 3>4@10Uc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, lie.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. .;
¦ Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 l*j 6 2'-i
CloFine 6 1% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec
Opening 20 15 2115*
Closing 20 15 21 10
Flour-
Opening 26 50 27 53
Closing 26 40 27 53
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
Standard California 6s 3d@6s 4%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; Hour In Paris, oulet: French coun
try markets, dull; cotton, uplands. 5s 29-SM.
CLOSING
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern spring:. 6s 3^d.
Xo. 1 California, 6s 3Hd@6s Ad. Futures, steady;
July, nominal; September. 6s l%d; December.
CORN— Spot, new. steady: American mixed,
new. 33 ll?id: old, 4a. . Futures, steady; July
nominal; September, 3a Hv6d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — __ :
KO Am»rlcan Fuel *|
\l'J.< Independence • • 1"
Afternoon Session. • :/; V-
Board— :' :-._
50 Euckhorn ........••• • •>>
ZW Caribou 1»
30 Kera River M '*>
MININO STOCKS.
Following w»re the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Hoard yester>lay:
Morning Sf?sion.
2iV) Best A Belcher 20 10A Ophlr "7
&i> OnuH & rurry 24 1(H> Sierra Nevada
400 Hale & Xorcrs ZZ 3f"O Silver Hill S3
ICO Mexican lrt V) Yellow Jacket. 13
Afternoon Session.
7C0 Alpha Con C"^ Vn Silver Kill. M
100 Con Cat tz Va 1 4.".: 1DO Silver Hill 11
100 Overman ... 13} SfO Yellow Jacket. U
Fnllowlnp wore the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday :
• Morning ge— Ion.
3^-0 rhollar IS »»> Silver Hill 5t
210 Mexican IS 2iO Union Con 19
4--0 Silver Hill SO
Afternoon Session.
f.0O Alpha Con 0.1J SO GouM & Curry 21
3«:0 Bast &. FSelcher 1'\ Irui justice "9
10 Caledonia 9-j M overman 12
100 Con Cml & Va. 1 4', JM sierra Nevada. 27
CO Gould & Curry S 2fO silver Hill id
CXOSZXG QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July IT— 4 p. m.
EM.A.'k. Eicl.Ask.
Alpha CU 03 Justice 0> 10
Alta 0« <*i Kenturh — 01
Andes C4 05 I.arly Wash — 03
EJelcher n 15 Mexican 1* V
Best & Belcher 21 22 Occidental 07 OS
Bulllnn 03 OJ Ophlr 67 €3
Caledonia £S — Dv»rman 12 14
"hollar 17 IS Potosi 12 13
Challenge Con.. 13 13 Savage 1* 13
Confidence 70 — ¦S.-urp'on 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 45 1 50 ?e«r Belcher.... C.I CA
Con Imperial... — 01 sierra Nevada.. M 27
Con New York. 03 M Silver Hill 57 13
Eureka Con — ;n ;t I»uis IT —
Crown Point... :: IS stan-iari 4 r.i 4 23
Exchequer Cl C2 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry 23 24 rnlon Con 1? 2^
Hale & Norcrs. 21 23 rtah 10 12
Julia 01 C2, fellow Jacket.. 13 1*
cias $1 50©2 60 : Lemons. $1©1 50 for common
and'$2H3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
So@5 50- Bananas, 75c® J2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There !s nothing further to report under this
DRIED FRUITS - O!d Crop-Prunes, nom
inal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. 5^4®6c:
sun-dried. 3@4c r*r lb; Black Figs. l*O=«r
-ivhitA Fie« 2'53c; Bleached Plums. I%c; Un-
Weachcd Plums. 6c fcr pitted and l*c for un-
P'"t d ,i- CROP - Acrlccts. 637Uc per lb:
piaSes. 5S6C here; Pears. 5®7c; Plums, pitted.
4^A 6 £?IN'P-flleached Thompson's fancy. p«r
ik Vlv- choice 9c; standard. Sc; prime. 6c; un-
Weac^ed Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Bo"*^
"c2-crown. loose .Muscatels. 5-ic:
3 Vr^ 6'ic* "'4-crown. 7c: Lrtndon Layers. 2
nwn Jl -'0 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Cluster* $2; Dehesa. $2 10: Imperial $3. All
price "are V. o. b. at common shipping points
'".^fi'il^Vainuts. WK for Standards and 99
KSSKBSSffi new Almonds, WiOllo for
nap-rshell SHfiW* fW soft and for hard-
SIu m'nut' M4««*e tor Eastern and 5c for
f-alto-nta iVrazil Nuts. IMBUe: 12®
i«il-Pfcins lT^13c; Cocoanuts. $3 5.)-ff.i.
: -HdNEY-Comb/l2.^13c for bright and IK*
Tc for liRht amber: water whit«. 7V«J. ! »c: Hght
amber extracted. £V 4 a7c: dark. 6c per lb.
BEESW AX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS-Bacon. lO^lOHc per lb for
heavy 10%S10%c for light medium. 11.4c for
light. 'lZV-c for "Xtra light and 14^c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12«13c :
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess WlFaJJ
llv. $14: extra Prime Pork. $1.>: extra clear. $19.
Mess. $16 TO; Smoked Beef. »H«13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and S^c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
Sfcc: 10-lb tins. 9Uc: 5-lb tins. 9*4c ,V
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. ST.c: thre«
half-barrels. S=>4c: one tierce. S*4c: two tierces.
8%c; five tierces. S»ic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steer*. 9^c; medium. S'jc: Hunt. S^e: Cow
hides. S'4c: Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 8c: Calf. 9c;
Dry Hid^s. sound. 16c: culls and brands, l.c:
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 13216c: Sheepskins.
Shearlings. 20^30c each: short Wool. 31ffS0c
each; medium. 60SS0c; long Wool. Mc3$l 10
each : Horse Hides, salt. $2©: 25 tor larg-. $1 73
for medium, $1 for small and 50c for coits:
Horse Hides dry. $1 50 for large. $1 23 for me
dium. $1 for small and K-ffSOc for colts. Dwr
sklns—Summer or red skins? 35c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins. 2Se. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras. 73c; large and smoota.
50c: medium, ?jc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No. 2.
3c: refined. 5Hc: grease. 2'g2He.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 14313c: Northern defective. U7S
14c; Middle County, free. unite; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12314c: Southern Mountain. 1.
months'. Hfif'lJc; ~ Southern Mountain. fre*. .
months". 10&12-?: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. Seller Humbnlrtt and Mendoclno,
16f?lSc; Nevada. 13"716c per lb.
Fall Clip-?an Joaquln Lambs'. 8S3e per lb.
HOPS— Nominal nt B©10e per lb: new. VYSVZc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no further decline In Hogs, but they
are weak, with ample arrivals from a number
of sources.
BEEF— PfiGUe per lb for fair to cholc*.
VEAL— Large. 84«i3c: small. 9HSWHc per
MUTTON- Wethers, TTiSSc: ewes. 737!ic per
poui.d.
LAMB— Sprint:. ?Hft9c per lb.
PORK— Llr» Hoes. 6c for small. r»s;fTr,%e for
medium and o'Va^Hc for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5Hc; dressed Hogs. StrSHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS'— Fan Quentln Bass. $3 63: Calcutta
Oraln Bass. G^c: Wool Bap?. 2StiJJ32 1 ic: Fleece
Twine, ?Hc: Fruit Bags. 6'i'S6'»ic for white and
i\l*iS\c for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington^ per ton: Soathfield "Wel
lington. $9; Seattle, $7: Bryant. $G: Coos Bay.
$5 TO: Wallrend. $?; Co-operative Wallsend. 13:
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 „ In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke. $16 per ton In bulk and $1S In
sacks: Castle Gate and Rock Springs. %i 45 per
2000 pounds.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. p*r IT>. in 100- R> bags: Cubes,. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.20c: Powdered.
S.SOc; Candy Granulated. K.SOc: Dry Granulated,
5.70c: Confectioners' A. 5.70c: Magnolia, A. 5-S(5e:
Extra C. 5.20c: Golden C. 5.10c: barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels. 23c. more: boxes. 50c more:
50-Ib bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 6.45c: boxes. 6.70c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY IS.
Flour, qr sks S.971 1 Middlings, sks 2<V)
Wheat, ctls 117.C24|Hay. tons 781
Parley, ctls 3.523'Ptraw, tons 2"
Corn, ctls 6r.|Pelts. Mis 4.3«?
Tallow, ctls JO? I Hides. No 4V>
Hutter, ctls 43? 1 Quicksilver, fisks. 27
rheese. ctls 31? father, rolls 29
Potatoes, sks 4. ft" 1 '.Vine, pals 11.3T.0
Onions sks 611 'ugar, bags 1.300
Bran, sks 1.1CC Kegs, doz 23.760
OREGON.
Flour, qr eks l,S25iOats, ctls 910
AUSTRALIA.
Wool, bales CM I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
10
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
CHICAGO. July IS.— Trade In wh?at was only
moderate and the course of the market lr
repular The opening was firm, September «4e
over the close yesterday at «i%<377-'ibC. In this
bulge wen? to be found the Influence of highc-r
Liverpool ccbles, asmo Northwest rt-ports and
unfavorable reports from Dakota. On proflt
takinp. which met the Initial bulge, Septem
ber declined to "T^ic. Then in an erratic mood
the market rallied to 7:"4c but dropped off
with Breat rapidity from that to T7V«c. Aftnin
th» hard fighting bulls forced the price back
to 77*it/7Sc. In this they were assisted by
coverings by sc-nlpir.g shorts for profits. It
was following this bulge that the severest
rreak of the day occurred and brought the
market to an inglorious finish. Primarily tlie
break In corn was an influence. In addition
to this Southwest receipts were large and the
outside support a nervelers affair. The North
west, while clatminK irreparable damage for
the l)akotas and asserting that the rains had
found little of a crop left to help, were sellers.
September tumbled down to "S^c. and closed
soon r.fter in a weakened state \V*c under yes
terday at TCife'CUe.
Corn opened firm and held well until about
neon. Talk of a big crop started liquidation.
September clcsed lc lower at 3Si£'g38%c.
Oatn were dull. September closed %c under
yesterday at 23%c.
Provisions were dull and Irregular, owln~ t-j
the fact that packers were buyers of lard and
ribs, but rather neglectful of pork. Septem
ber pork unchanged, lard Dc higher and ribs
io<?m>4c up.
'lhe leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July W« 7G»4 74T4 74Ti
August 1<>\ 77 73H 75Vi
September •'• 77?i <s 76*-i 76^6
forn No. 2 —
Julv 39»i 39*i 3S*J 3S%
August 33&i 39!i 2.SH 3SU
September 3Sri 40 3SU 2S^
Oats No. 2 —
July 23H 23*4 23^ 23%
AuBUFt 23% 23^ .23 23
September 22?4 23% 23ft 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 11 13
September 1165 1180 11 E7H 11.70
Kurd, per 100 lbs—
July 6 65
September 6 €"14 6 75 6 C7>4 6 72U
October 6 75 6 7714 6 72V4 • 6 75
j^htrt Ribs, per 1<« lbs —
July 6 63 6 70 6 «5 6 70
September 6 65 6 77^ 6 6 5 6 77V4
October 6 70 G "j 6 67>4 6 72'^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 71(?J73V4c: Xo. 2 red,
7S',ic; No. 2, corn, 3Sft@40c; No. 2 yellow, 23\<<$
California Fruit Sales.
TO SAI
Shipping Intelligence.
Ft.
¦ I
-I Ft.
Ft.
9 ...
V
Oi
HI w|
» i
< i\
1 ...
1:48!
i- .- .
2:171-
4.:
4.:
t ...
5 ...
4:401-
):"!
t:3S|
4.T
4.9
4:i:
Steamer. !
1 From.
I Dv
le.
: , i
I
Eureka !
Crescent City...!
Ptate of Cal.... !
Progreso
Coos Bay
[Humboldt
[Crescent City
.! Port land
, ITaccma
I Newport
'Jul'
|ju!'
Uul
Jul-
IJul
T 13
r is
t 20
r ?0
Point Arena — '
IPiint Ar»na
ItlnmSnMt _.
Orizaba •
.! Seattle-
I Jul
r?>
v a
Kmplre
TVashtenaw —
Areata
Umatilla
y :i
v 21
v 21
I\W Vnr'-
Colon ...'.
Warfl'U
Titanta
\Vetlin5t0n
. Oyster Harbor
. • Nar.almo
.'Comox
V -t
t 21
7 21
Corcna
North Fork
Victoria
.!Pan Dte*r>
. 'HumboMt
JOyster Harbor
IJul
IJul
IJul
T 22
v 2?
y 22
Pel Norte
.IPortland
|Ju!
y !3
Czarina
.lOvster Harhor
America Jiaru..
Columbia
.JChir.a and Japan
.(Portland
IJul
I Jul
y 2i
y 24
Mackinaw
Bonita
Coquille River..
.(Seattle
. ! Newport
JGrays Harbor
I Jul
IJul
.IJul
y «
y 2%
y s
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier..
-I !
r
<
Eureka *. ..IHuir.boldt \
C'tty Janeiro 1 China AJapaa!
fjul
i';jui
Iy 13. 2 p
!y 19. 1 E
¦Pl^r ti
PMS3
Walla XV. I Victoria I
i.Tui
ir y. 11 a
Pier ¦»
Panta Rosa 1 Pan Dieeo ]
Orizaba ...;Humboldt !
.'JuT
|jul
Ty ;r». 11 a
ly 22, 2 r
arr.:
:Pier 11
'Pier 9
Coos Bay... | N>wn.->rt i
State of Cal'PorMaid I
Iv ??. 11 a
Ohio ICarc Nome... |
.|Jul
ly 13
JPler 20
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena..'
Corona ! fan r>i<»iro I
Arcata I Coo? Bay
T'mstiila. ..'.Vic & Pet SJ.
Jul
!Ju!
.'Jul
JJul
ly 23. 2 p
ly 2». 11 »
ly 24. 12
ly BL II a
Pi-r 2
P'er 11
!P!*r 13
'Pier 9
Australia ..'Honolulu
.•Jul
ly n. S i
Pier 7
Czarina 'Seattle
JJu!
ly 23. ...
iPier 9
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier..
-I !
r
<
Eureka *. ..IHuir.boldt \
C'tty Janeiro 1 China AJapaa!
fjul
i';jui
Iy 13. 2 p
!y 19. 1 E
¦Pl^r ti
PMS3
Walla XV. I Victoria I
i.Tui
ir y. 11 a
Pier ¦»
Panta Rosa 1 Pan Dieeo ]
Orizaba ...;Humboldt !
.'JuT
|jul
Ty ;r». 11 a
ly 22, 2 r
arr.:
:Pier 11
'Pier 9
Coos Bay... | N>wn.->rt i
State of Cal'PorMaid I
Iv ??. 11 a
Ohio ICarc Nome... |
.|Jul
ly 13
JPler 20
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena..'
Corona ! fan r>i<»iro I
Arcata I Coo? Bay
T'mstiila. ..'.Vic & Pet SJ.
Jul
!Ju!
.'Jul
JJul
ly 23. 2 p
ly 2». 11 »
ly 24. 12
ly BL II a
Pi-r 2
P'er 11
!P!*r 13
'Pier 9
Australia ..'Honolulu
.•Jul
ly n. S i
Pier 7
Czarina 'Seattle
JJu!
ly 23. ...
iPier 9
Steamer. !
1 From.
I Dv
le.
: , i
I
Eureka !
Crescent City...!
Ptate of Cal.... !
Progreso
Coos Bay
[Humboldt
[Crescent City
.! Port land
, ITaccma
I Newport
'Jul'
|ju!'
Uul
Jul-
IJul
T 13
r is
t 20
r ?0
Point Arena — '
IPiint Ar»na
ItlnmSnMt _.
Orizaba •
.! Seattle-
I Jul
r?>
v a
Kmplre
TVashtenaw —
Areata
Umatilla
y :i
v 21
v 21
I\W Vnr'-
Colon ...'.
Warfl'U
Titanta
\Vetlin5t0n
. Oyster Harbor
. • Nar.almo
.'Comox
V -t
t 21
7 21
Corcna
North Fork
Victoria
.!Pan Dte*r>
. 'HumboMt
JOyster Harbor
IJul
IJul
IJul
T 22
v 2?
y 22
Pel Norte
.IPortland
|Ju!
y !3
Czarina
.lOvster Harhor
America Jiaru..
Columbia
.JChir.a and Japan
.(Portland
IJul
I Jul
y 2i
y 24
Mackinaw
Bonita
Coquille River..
.(Seattle
. ! Newport
JGrays Harbor
I Jul
IJul
.IJul
y «
y 2%
y s
Ft.
¦ I
-I Ft.
Ft.
9 ...
V
Oi
HI w|
» i
< i\
1 ...
1:48!
i- .- .
2:171-
4.:
4.:
t ...
5 ...
4:401-
):"!
t:3S|
4.T
4.9
4:i:Judge Hcbbard refused to try the pool
room injunction case yesterday, stating
that he was too ill to do so. Judge Shaw
of Los Anpeles will try the caao In the
absence of Judge Murasky, who issued
the injunction and Is away on bis va
cation.
The case? of D. J. Crowley, Henry
Schwartz. Harry Corbett and John Rlley
char&pd with violating the ordinance
auaiiist poolselling:, w.ere apain' called in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday. By con
sent they were continued until to-day to
be Pet. : •* :
Poolsellers in Court.
American Association
r.TrrnoiT. July IS.— P*trolt 0, Mllwauk*>e 4.
IH'FFALo. July IS.-BufTalo 11, Minneapo
lis I.
CLEVELAND. July IS.— Cleveland 2. Kansa*
City £.
WINS WTNGFIELD SCULLS.
C. V. Fox Gains Title of Amateur
Chamnion of the Thames,
LONDON, July 5S.— C. V. Fox of "the
Gum'?' Club to-day won the contest for
th*^L r ''!ngf1eld fcuJIs. which takes with It
t»;cNE:: - :e of amateur champion of the
TnanV s. Georpe Ashe was second and
N. T. Hlackstaffe was third. B. H. How
ell. the Amorira who won the Winjrfleld
noulls last year, m-as not well enough to
compete in to-day's races.
That ORrlen, who claims to be an ora
tor, and assumes the character of a po.
lltical agitator. Invited a number of idle
and unemployed persons to follow him on
June 2, VM, and in tho nighttime went In
and upon the stairway of the Mint build
ing and was delivering a speech or ha
rangue to a large number of persons and
the said meeting was a disturbance of tht.
peace. One of the watchmen employed
by the United States Government warned
O'Brien that he had no right to hold such
a meeting and he was requested to de
mist. Rofu-slnB to do no. he wa« arrested
but suffered no greater restraint than to
be incarcerated for a short period, he hav
ing secured ball immediately.
he Fays that it is important and necessar>
that, the Ptalrway to the Mint be at all
timps kept clear and free from obstruc
tion in order that the officers of the
United States Government and the per
sons having business In and about tht
Mint shall have free access thereto and
egrf-ps therefrom: that at ail times there
arp gr*»nt luantlties of valuable material
and treasure, consisting of gold and silver
bullion and minted coin of the Unlteft
Btates. stored in the Mint; that vast sums
of money, amounting to many million dol
lars, are deposited therein and it is neces
sary to rmplov nnd tne United State*
Government docs constantly employ
guards and watchmen to be at all times
upon duty guarding and watching the
Mint and the treasure, coin and other val
uable things therein In order to protect
the same.
onment. The Judgment has been set
iFidn. however, and I^each ha« been given
in opportunity to reply. In his answer
warded $25,000 damages for false impris-
I.parh ha? also filed an answer to the
rrlginal complaint, whereby O'Brien was
Frank A. Ix»ach. Superintendent of the
Mint, filed a petition yesterday in the
County Clerk's office that the suit brought
against him by Thomas B. O'Brien be
transferred from the Superior Court to
the United States Circuit Court. Leach,
in his petition, states that O'Brien in ha
ranguing the crowd on the Mint steps,
for which he was arrested, violated one
of the United States revised statutes.
Also that he (Leach) is a United States
officer, and that the offense alleged
against O'Brien was committed on United
States Government property.
WANTS HIS CASE TRIED
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT
WASHINGTON. July IS.— The Postofflee
Department has ordered that, beginning
August 1. all malls for the Hawaiian Isl
ands shall be forwarded exclusively to
San Francisco or other American ports
and that the present practice of dispatch
ing the mails via Vancouver, B. C. be dis
continued.
Change in Hawaiian Mails.
NEW YORK. July IS.— Billy Madden.
representing Gus Ruhlin, arfti Percy WIT-
Hams for Bob Fitzsimmons. to-day af
fixed their signatures to the Twentieth
Century Athletic Club's contract to nsht
on August 10 at Madison Square Garden.
Both Ruhlin and Fitzsimmons have begun
training for the contest.
Ruhlin and Fitz in Training.
SALINAS, Jaly .18.— James Franscloni
Jr., the 12-year-old son of James Frans
cloni. a well known resident of Gonzales.
was almost Instantly killed at the depot
at this place this afternoon. In company
with several companions he was playing
around cars where workmen were loading
hay, and as a freight train was in the
vards switching they were cautioned to
remain away, but paid no heed to the
warning. .Young Franscloni jumped from
a loaded car just as an empty car was
thrown on a sidetrack, and as the empty
car bumped Into a loaded one the shock
loosened a heavy bar, which fell on t.he
unfortunate boy s head. His back was
broken. Employes at the depot ran to his
assistance at. once, but before he could
be conveyed home, a half, mile distant, he
died. • : ~.- : 'j.\ ¦ '¦ t. r . •,>¦;
Accident Ends Boy's Life.
HONOLULU, July 10.— News has just
arrived from Maul of the total destruction
by fire of the Pala depot through a care
less Portuguese workman dropping his
pipe Into some nitrate, after being warned
frequently not to smoke In proximity to it.
Eleven thousand nine hundred bags of
sugar and fifteen cars were destroyed, be
sides lumber and coal. The loss is esti
mated at $200,000. The sugar belonged
tiWO bags to Paia. r»W0 to Hamakuapoko
and 100 to Spreckelsville.
BIG FIRE ON PAIA.
Depot and Thousands of Bags of
Sugar Destroyed.
The bodies were found covered with
brush nine miles above the pumping sta
tion on Eaglo Creek. Both men had been
shot through the head. They had no
money and carried a camp outfit on a
burro. Both were men of good reputation.
Howe leaves a wife and two children. .
SOLOMONVILLE, Ariz., July IS.— J. W.
Wheeler and W. E. Howe, employes of
the Detroit Copper Company of Morenci,
left on a fishing expedition on Eagle
Creek two weeks ago. They carried pro
visions for three days. After ten days
had elapsed searching parties were sent
out.
CAMPERS MURDERED.
Bodies of Two Arizona Men Found
by a Search Party.
CHICAGO. July 18.— Secretary Walsh of
the National Democratic Committee at the
request of James T. Richardson gave the
following official notice to-day to tho
press:
"The notification meeting to notify Pres
idential und Vice Presidential candidates
named by the Kansas City convention will
be held at Indianapolis, Ind., August 8.
All members of the two notification com
mittees are requested to meet at the
Grand Hotel. Indianapolis, on the morn
ing of that day."
BRYAN AND STEVENSON TO
BE NOTIFIED ON AUGUST 8
gers brought large packages of gold, some
of more weight than one could carry off
the boat unaided. There were no very
wealthy winners of the yellow metal, but
there was a fair distribution.
* The principal news from Dawson is that
a dozen cases of smallpox have broken
out there. The disease has been prevalent
recently at Nome, and people are sup
posed to have carried the infection from
the beach tields to Dawson.
Steamer Cutch Arrives at Vancouver
With a Large Shipment of
Gold.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 13.— The
steamer Cutch arrived here to-day from
Skapuay, bringing the largest gold ship
ment received in Vancouver this season
from the north. There was $300,(W0 in gold
dust on board, besides a large amount in
drafts. The majority of the sixty passen-
DOZEN CASES OF
SMALLPOX AT DAWSON
The Civil Service Commission sent a
communication to Auditor Wells yester
day In which he was granted permission
to appoint ten experienced clerks of his
own selection to direct the work about
to be taken up in his office. The other
forty clerks will be taken from the civil
service list of eligiblea for ordinary clerk
ships.- The commission at present has no
list of eligible experienced clerks, no ex
aminations therefor having as yet been
held Eight of the new appointees, who
will be employed for three weeks, are
women.
Auditor Selects Ten Clerks.
Llm Kin. a Chinese witness, was arrest
ed on a charge of perjury yesterday in
Judge Heacock's court room immediately
after leaving the witness stand. In the
case of Lem Tuck Yuen on application for
lrnding Kin testified that he was a mem
ber of the firm of Wah Lee & Co. at
Marysville and had been such since 1833.
The records of the Chinese Bureau to
gether with the photographs of the mem
bers of the firm were produced and Kin
failed to identify any of them, nor was
his photo among them. He was sent to
the County Jail. Lem Tuck Yuen was re
manded.
Charged "With Perjury.
Yuba County Pioneer Dies.
Daniel Gettens of Dobbins ranch. Tuba
County, died at Lane's Hospital yesterday
after a prolonged illness. He was a pio
neer of fine business ability, strong char
acter and most pleaslnp address and
without an enemy. For over twenty years
he was active in the State mlliti*. was
second lieutenant of Company K, First
Artillery. Fourth Brigade, N. G. C and
for many years a member of the Veterans
of the National Guard of California, an
organization that numbers upon its rolls
the foremost of the rank and file of those
who have served seven years In the Na
tional Guard. His death is a loss to Yuba
County and to the Veteran Corps.
Mrs. Fannie Forbes, a widow 36 years
old. was found dead yesterday morning
by her mother at the family residence. 70S
Gough street. Mrs. Forbes had been.put
ting up fruit preserves on the preceding
day. and in the evening she was taken
with a spell of nausea and vamitingr. She
retired early on Tuesday nisht and her
mother looked into the room rwo or three
times during the night and found her
sleeping peacefully. In the rraornlng: the
dead body of Mrs. Forbes was found ly
ing on the floor by the couch on which she
had been sleeping. Dr. C. M. Armistead
attended Mrs. Forbes about ten. days ago
for heart trouble and aenemla. He has
no doubt that heart disease was the cause
of death.
Sudden Death of Mrs. Foibes.
Troops Ordered Here.
VANCOUVER. Wash.. July 19.—Com
pany H, Seventh United States Infantry,
has been ordered to report for duty at the
Presidio. San Francisco. ]
WASHINGTON. July 18.— Mr. Roberts,
the Director of the Mint, has? authorized
the Superintendent of the Mint at San
Francisco to pay for gold bullion shipped
there -from Alaska in drafts on the sub
treasury of New York. This action Is
taken at the repented request of the San
Francisco banks and also /or the purpose
cf maintaining: a considernble simply of
gold at that point in view of possible ship
ments to Manila and China.
Drafts 'for Gold.
Avowed candidates for the Governorship
are: John B. Good of Kootenal. A. F. Par
ker of Idaho, Frank Martin, secretary of
the State Central Committee, and L. C.
Rice, State Treasurer. With the Popu
lists the only one discussed is S. D. H.
Andrews, but they have nt leapt one can
didate for each of th«? oth«"r offices.
POCATELLO. Idaho, July 18.— After a
bitter contest this afternoon the Demo- '
cratic State Convention spated what is
called the Woods delegation from Sho
shone County (the Coeur d'Alenes) by a
vote of 122 to 110. This delegation is "op
posed to Governor Steunenberg and it was
supported by those who favor the nomi
nation of Fred T. Dubois for United
States Senator. The Governor opposes
the nomination of any candidate for Sen
ator.
Dubois was Joined In the fight by J. H.
ITawley, also a candidate for Senator. The
result indicates that Dubois will be nomi
nated. Steps were taken to fuse with
the Silver Republicans and Populists.
Coeur d'Alene Delegates Seated.
For five years Henry Clarke Davis
served in the First Georgia Cavalry and
for twenty years he has been an active
worker in church cricles. He was* born
in Darien, Ga,
"William McKinley. President of tho
United States, Washington: Am anxious
to secure commission In Marine Corps or
army for immediate service In China, to
take the place of my brother, Captain
Austin R. Davis, killed in battle of
Tientsin on July 13. Can secure indorse
ment of Illinois Senators and Congress
men. Will you appoint me?
"HENRY CLARKE DAVIS."
CHICAGO. July 18.— Within a few hours
after the publication of the news of the
death of Captain Austin R. Davis of the
Marine Corps, in the battle at Tientsin.
Henry Clarke Davis, a brother of the
dead officer, now living in this city, volun
teered his services to the Government.
Mr. Davis sent the following telegram
to President McKlnley:
VOLUNTEERS TO FILL
HIS BROTHER'S PLACE
Thank Ood, the Iron and blood of our fore
fathers who followed Grant and Lincoln still
exist in this generation. Maj- we show our
selves not unworthy of the men who fought
from '61 to '63. and let us do our duty at home
Rnd abroad and uphold Mr. MeKinley In the
preatest political contest which has come up In
this country that we have ever seen gihee the
close of the civil war.
I fiRk the support of all honest citizens and |
business men who disbelieve in anarchy. I nsk j
for their support in the name of decency, civic
honesty and of liberty that comes only with
order, and I ask the support, furthermore, of
all brav« men, who know thRt the greatness
of a nation, as of the individual, comes only
through effort to stand with us as we mak?
this nation take her place In the forefront of
nations of mankind.
Th's campaign is more than a party cam
paign. This In a campaign which ha? to decide
at the outset of the twentieth century whether I
we are to stride forward with the stens of a i
giant on the path which has been set out for I
us. or whether we are to shrink backward. I
You remember four years ago that our oppo- |
nents prophesied that "We can't be prosperous
if we don't have 16 to 1 silver." Has the
prophecy turned out a lie? Don't trust them
Hefore they prophesied misery if we won. and
we won, and prosperity followed. Now. if we
should put them In power you would see such I
a ehnoa of black misery and distress in this
country as a century and a quarter of life has
never *een. I ask the support of all men far
sighted enough to see where the material in
crease of the country ll*^ and not willing to
pee the business welfare of the country sub
merged In the title of disaster.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., July 13.-Governor
Roosevelt arrived here at 10*40 o'clock this
forenoon on his homeward journey to New
York. Governor Roosevelt stated that he
expects to begin his campaign about Sep
tember 10. but the place of the opening
speech he has not yet cetermlned. The
Vice Presidential candidate was greeted
in this city by a crowd of about St'JOO
person?. Governor Roosevelt «aid in part:
In the course of an Interview the Coun
ters hints at dissatisfaction between the
oOlcers of the National Society and the
New York Chapter and says that is the
reason of the non-appearance at Paris
of New York's regent, Mrs. Donald Mc-
Lean, who is also an appointee of Presi
dent McKlnley. Mrs. Daniel Manning ex
pressed regret at the publication of the
letter, but declined to be interviewed.
ROOSEVELT HEARTILY
GREETED IN MILWAUKEE
PARIS, July 18.— An unpleasant differ
ence among the members of the Society
of Daughters of the American Revolution
now in Paris is made public to-day
through a letter from the Countess Spot
tiswood Mackin, published in the Exposi
tion edition of the New York Times. In
this letter the Countess withdraws the re
ception which she says was offered by
her during the last annual convention of
the society at Washington to be given In
Paris during the Exposition. The Coun
tess said she renewed the invitation at
the meeting of the New York Chapter
of the Daughters of the American Revo
lution. Recently she asked Mrs. Daniel
Manning if a date had been fixed for tho
reception and was told the Invitation had
never been accepted. Countess Spottis
wood Mackin therefore prints the letter
to justify herself before the members of
the society.
Countess Spottiswood Mackin With
draws the Reception She Intend
ed Giving in Paris.
DISAFFECTION AMONG
DAUGHTERS OF REVOLUTION
The body was burned so badly that It
was almost unrecognisable. Coroner
Mehrmann will hold an Inquest at Sunol
tQ-morrow evening.
None saw the old man in his hut after
his return from the annual harvest festi
val held last night by the Indians. The
tribesmen had a big jollification and as
usual during such celebrations consumed
much "tire water." Larado's companions
said he had been overwell supplied when
he left them and started for his cabin,
which is isolated from the main rancheria.
It is supposed that Larado had stumbled
about his hut wltht a lighted candle and
set his bed afire while so helpless from
drink that he could not save himself,
being suffocated by the quickly burning
straw in his cabin bunk.
Larado, an aged Indian at Niles, met a
horrible death by cremation this morning
In the burning of his cabin, which is
among the homes of the dark-skinned
dwellers near the town. Constable Rod
erick saw the hut ablaze before daylight.
He went out to the Indian rancheria and
managed to extinguish the blare. Know
ing that the occupant of the dingy cabin
was old and feeble the Constable searched
for the Indian and found the corpse,
burned to a crisp, in the ruined shack.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July IS.
Horrible Death of an Aged
Indian, Made Helpless
From Drink.
INCINERATED IN
HIS CABIN BUNK
WHILE SLEEPING
NEWLY ELECTED OFFICERS,
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
Angeles, Cal.; grand vice president.
Thomas Bradbury. Vancouver. B. C;
grand messenger, M. H. Dunn, Sacra
mento. Cal.: grand secretary, Thomas
During the evening a magnificent Jewel
of his rank In the order was presented to
Past Grand President Hilbert.
P. Fuller; "The State." Secretary of State
C. F. Curry: "The Ladles." G. M. Dunn.
There were vocal selections by Past Presi
dent Williamson. Past President Trow, W.
J. Oakes, A. L. Bontley. and at the close
the entire company sang "America."
In the evening a banquet was given in
honor of the outgoing and the new officers
and delegates to the Grand Lodge. There
were about lf.0 present. Including many
ladies. Past President Hllbert was toast
master, and after the repast he called tot
songs and responses to toasts. The toasts
were: "The President of the United
States," responded to by Past Grand
President Trtgonlng; "The Queen," Digby
Johnstone: "The Grand President," Presi
dent Sharp; "The Order," Past Grana
President Brandon; "Sister Lodges." P.
The next session of the Grand Lodge
will be held in Oakland on the third Tues
day in July, 1P01.
Poyser. San Francisco, Cal.; grand treas
urer, Frank Winterburn, San Francisco,
Cal.; grand assistant messenger, S. F.
Carter. New Almaden, Cal.; grand assist
ant secretory. R. D. Gluzas, Grass Valley,
Cal.; grand chaplain, J, B. Cambers, San
Jose, Cal.; grand inside sentinel. James
E. Dye, Jackson, Amador County, Cal.;
grand outside sentinel, W. G. Johnson,
San Francisco, Cal.
Thrown From a Fractious Horse and
Dragged Until Dead.
SACRAMENTO, July IS.— Perry Hay
den, assistant veterinarian for the Rancho
del Paso stables, was thrown from a
fractious horse at Jlayhew's Station be
tween this city and Foisom to-night. His
foot caught in the stirrup and he was
dragged until doa/1. One of Ilayden's stir
rups was broken and at Patter's Station
he repaired it with a plee of wire. It is
believed that when thrown his foot be
came entangled in the wire.
GRANITE-CUTTERS STRIKE,
San Jose Workmen Damand Recogni
tion of Union Scale.
Special DiKpatcli to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 18.— The granite cutters
of this city are out on a strike which was
Inaugurated yesterday ami work in tho lo
cal vards Is at a standstill. The conten
tion "is over Increase in wages from J3 to
%T, 60 per day,
A few weeks ago the granite cutters
were organized by Robert Flood of San
Francisco, and the prevailing State wage
of $3 60 for eight hours* work adopted. The
local yards agreed to the eight hours, but
maintained that the pay was too high,
and refused to recognize the union scale.
The men here formerly worked nine
hours. .
Interests the Coast
Special PlBpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— George E.
Hartson of Mount Vernon, Wash., has
been commissioned postmaster.
At Vineburg, Sonoma County, A. E.
Sondasc has been appointed postmaster,
vice J. H. Humphreys, resigned.
Pensions pranted to-day: California-
Original— Joseph A. Williams, Bridgeport,
$6; Montgomery Auble, Adin, $C: Edward
L. French, Los Angeles. $10. Restoration
and Increase — August Koch. dead. Fruit
va-le, $12. Increase— Edward linden, San
Francisco. $10: Patrick Doubler. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $8: William Aiken.
Cleone. $8; Orlando N. Rogers, Black Dia
mond, $S. Original widows — Rosalie Koch,
Frultvale, 58. Washington-Original—
Helnrlch Schwartze, New Whatcom. J6:
Luther. C. Axton, Laurel, JS. Increase-
Jackson Lramon, Oakville. 412; Legrand
P. Williams, Fellda, HO.
PEREY HAYDEN KILLED.
Frank R. T>onlan Kills His Wife and
Is Held by Workingmen Until
an Officer Arrives,
VISALIA. July 18.— Frank R. Donlan
killed his wife on the Kuhn ranch, seven
miles east of this city.
There were about 500 people at work on
the ranch and In tho absence of an officer
they incarcerated Donlan in a tankhouse
and placed armed men at every door.
Ponlan wag brought to «Visalla at 8
o'clock to-night and is now in jail.
TWO MEN KIIXED.
Hand Car Jumps the Track and Rolls
Down a Canyon in Arizona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLIFTON, Ariz., July 18.-A handcar
with six Mexican employes of the Arizona
Copper Company dashed over a trestle on
the twenty-inch narrow gauge last night
and dropped 100 feet to the bottom of the
ccnyon. Two men were killed and the
others seriously injured.
TRAGEDY ON THE KUHN
RANCH NEAR VISALIA
We. the native Hawaiian citizens nf the Ter
ritory of Hawaii, senil thelrKreetlnps; they wish
to express to ynu their appreciation and thanks
for the liberal laws whl<*h the Congress has
enacted for the Territory of Hawaii and
which your Excellency has approved on April
SO last.
We further extend our pood wishes to your
Excellency, to the Congress and the people of
America, Respectfully ynurs.
D. KALAUOKALANI,
JAMES K. KAULIA,
ROBERT W. WIIXTOX.
National Committee.
«.
Grateful for the Liberal Laws En
acted for the Govarnment of
the Territory.
WASHINGTON. July 1*.— The President
has received the following letter:
HONOIA'LT*, H. I.. June 30. 1500.
To Hifi Kxcellency, William McKlnley. Presi
dent, and Con?ress> of the I'nlted States of
America: Greeting-—
HAWAIIANS SEND A
LETTER OF THANKS
prevented headway, and on Sunday night,
June IT, it was necessary to heave to and
po she remained three days. Commander
William H. Reeder remained on deck
throughout the storm and was thrown
;ind his head cut and back badly strain
ed. The fourth day the sform abated,
when sail was set for the Azores. A reck
oning taken shewed that tho ship had
been blown 200 miles out of her' course
and that she was then off the coast of
Virginia. The wind badly strained all the
rigging.
The intention was to make the Azores
for repairs. There was good weather until
just off Payal, when another storm set
in and for three days the vessel labored
in a heavy sea. nttempting to make shore.
Finding this was inadvisable, a course
was laid for Lisbon. Off the coast of
Spain another storm was encountered and
again the St. Marys hove to for a day
and a half. The St. Marys finally reach
ed Lisbon, ten days overdue. After mak
ing repairs she will start for the Mediter
ranean.
Laid Up for Repaits at Lisbon, Where
She Arrived Ten Days
Overdue.
LISBON', July 13.— The New York nau
tical school ship St. Marys Is undergoing
repairs here on account of terrible weath
er experienced on the passage hither. The
St. Marys left New London, Conn., June
15 with 100 cadets. When three days out
she encountered a cyclone, which soon
SCHOOLSMP ST. MARYS
DAMAGED IN A STORM
THE Grand Lodge. Sons of Bt. George,
of the jurisdiction of the Pacific
Coast, met yesterday In Its tenth
session in Shiels" building. There
were representatives from the eighteen
lodges in this State, British Columbia and
Vancouver.
The report of -Grand President Hllbert
showed that during the year a new lodge
was instituted in Ainador County and that
the membership held its own. while there
was a perceptible increase In membership
and a remarkable gain in finances. Dur
ing the year the grand president made an
extensive tour of visitations to the lodges,
which are widely scattered. The member
ship of the order at this time Is in excess
of 12(10.
The business of the session, which usu
ally occupies three days, was concluded
at "half-past 5 o'clock lain evening. The
laws which governed since the previous
session were found so satisfactory that
little was done in the way of amendment.
The sum of $5'«» was voted to pay the ex
penses of the grand president In making
visitations during his term.
The following named were elected as the
grand officers and duly installed: Past
Brand president. John Hllbert. Nanaimo,
B. C; grand president. Robert Sharp, Los
J. }J. Rnpset<r"p prfyh^und RVst A«sur
td. was an easy s=takf winner yesterday
bid the deciding course with T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Xorah proved no exception. It
•was the common opinion among the
<.. ursing men in attendance at the Mld
v • . k Reserve at fnlon Park that Rest
Assured never ma<!e a Letter showing
[ban in the six eoorsea run off yesterday.
On the loiig: odd? b<>ok Fhc- started at 5 to
r l. The last course was won eight points
! to ore. The m< Ft r.otlceab'.e ftature of
j;es?t Assured's running was negative.
For the first t;aie she broke away from
the old fault of lurching.
The jrreat surprise of the day was the
splendid thowir.g made by the Merced
c run by T. J. Mclncrney. Three weeks
ago Johnnie R. Ilrpina H and Norah
could hardly win a course. The card of
; • j-i<r<iay's couts'.r.c thows ReKina It in
the third round, Johnny K in the tifth
«nd Norah in the sixth and deciding
course. These dogs have developed won
corfully in the. pa*i few weeks and ar«
looked upon as probable ftake-winners in
ihe near future. Hr.tli the courses in the
J.fth round were between Ropseter's and
Mclnemey"c dogs, aecessltattng guard
ings between Johnny R and • Rest Assur
ed, and Norah and Rollicking Airs. Rol
li<kir.K Aire and Norah. at even mom-y.
ran ¦ very hard course. Rest Assured was
a three to one favorite over Norah.
The favorites were the winners, but few
long shots takir.s the money. Lieauty Spot
won from I'epita 2-6, Sleety Mist from
Wild Norah. 1-3. and Rollicking Airs from
War Eagie at 3-5.
The run-d'.wti was as follows:
Kiret round— Johnnie R beat Promise tie;
Julius <.'aesar l-eat Honnie I'asha; Santonin
I- at Rock Island Klnc; Mount Ida beat Ua'.d
tsp!*; Mott-> beat Slorm King; J L R beat R«-
Anaoc; Fair I.JHie be.it Magneto; L,a<ly I'aven
porl l-eat <::ijr Wilpcn; Norah bfat LnrJ Bjr
r n; Belli bt-at Slim; CAerture beat On?
: , • K-.ng's Borderer bf-at Fortunate Choice;
Bieety Mist boat Heron Blood: Lilablo bfat
Royal <'ak: Winning L«sFie beat Warpath;
Wild Norai t*at Miss <Jrizzle; Beauty Hpot
|»r P'-ptta: lleplna K beat I^edy B"!"! 5 ; Safe
puard t*>3% Haolvist; Wait-a-Utt b.'at Ked
; :. Hawker bt^at Mies Wllw-n; Flower of
i. : . . beat Victoria Boy; War KagrW beat Victor
Queen; Naughty Girl beat e»T»mento Boy:
f:.itss:r.an beat Arorrica; Boney Boy beat Ter
ronite: Hummer l»-at Master Wat; Auckland
b L1 Linden L'.nke; Soottlth Chief beat Tod
t-r nn: Agamemnon beat !>>rd lla?tingp; Rest
/.Fsured t*at Erin; Roincking Airs !>eat Sky
Plue.
t^oennd round— Johnnie R i>eat Julius Caesar:
Fant.r.ln beat Mount Ida; Mctto beat J L It;
Talr I^:;i<? beat L-ady Davenport; Norah beat
f -Sl»-'ij i h Beils; Kings Borderer beat Overture;
L MiFt b?at IMablo: Wild Ncrah l*at Wln
rinir La5?ie; Heglna R beat Beauty rffot; Wait
t-Hit beat Pafi-guard ; Flower of Gold beat
Hawker; War lZap> beat Naushty Girl: t^tates
r.an 'uat Boney Boy; Auckland beat Hummer;
Beet AKS3red beat BootUab Chief; Rollicking
Airs beat Acainerr.non.
Thirl round— Johnny K beat Santonin: Fair
L"y l".-<t Motto; N'irah boat King's Bnrflerer.
i-\-<:\ Mict bent Wild Norah: Wait-a-Blt beat
3;>t-lr.a K; War Kagle tieat Flower of Gold:
Be« Assured beat Statesman: K^Ilickini: Airs
beat A-jckJar.d.
DurtB niur.iJ— Johnny R beat Fair Lily:
Korell beat Sleety ICixt; Rest Af«ure.l beat
Wait-a-Blt: RnMi'-kinc Airs beat War Eagle.
Flflh nurd— Rest AFfur»-i3 l^at Johnny It;
fJ Tih beat R<^IIickin»r Alrt>.
I>ec!<i:ng- course— Re=t AF.«ured beat Norah.
FAST DOGS IN THE
CPEN STAKE AT UNION
Zighty-Eight Hounds "Will Course
for Handsome Prize s Saturday
and Sunday.
The drawing for the open stake, R?
entries, at Union Coursing Park on
Saturday and Sunday took plaoe last
r.ipht at Pythian Castle. The prizes a.re
S150. $100. $75. 3 at $50, h at *30. 11 at $W. £2
Bt HO; tpecial prizes. d>gs beatrn by first.
second and third d"gs, $lu: by fourth, fifth
end sixth; Jo. Total money, $1110.
The draw was as follows:
.'. McNeil's Black Hawk vs. Kay Rix>6.'
Ifiwker; <"';rt:s & Boa's Maud B n. J. M. Hal
( n'i T.< Tar: D. Tc'.and's I'ieaFant Girl vs.
ti. -ianiys Twin City Girl; J. U. Smith ? Vlt
lor i_'u«?tt. n. Gfcrge flarnans Wa!t-»-Hit:
it. J. U'elcb'a MUIdale vs. J. J. B^niond'?
:: •:.:•; <;!fry: I'. Urnphy's Iier.icia Hoy V6.
F. A. McComb'f Itoyal Ftafh; J. Holden'F
FftttFh Chief n. M. r>unl<-y> Erin; Pasha
A- r.uf-.e' Ro;!lrklng Air* vs. F". A. MeComb's
l' 14 I'aFha; J«-.T Man:nctt'6 Pally Brash vs.
4^ H. Fallen'* I.,i!y of the West; Tasha Ken-
V .•• !.;ay Hemi*tf-a4 vr. R. E. de H. Ixpez &
}¦ :: '« Wattle Klrwm; Pacha Kennels' Royal
Ann vs. W. <~rohrr.fr'* Onward; I*. J. Iteiliy'B
Th<> Grafter «•«. W. C. OlaKsor.'* Santonin; J.
I\ ThnXfB Michael vs. Pa^ha K<»nne'.3 #
K"cor.ijng Anerl; T. J. Cror.ln's Thornhlil vs.
J. Miher'a Ixxineton; nu«Ml, Wilson & Al-
Jrn s Belle <'lalre vs. K. M. Kelbw't Swe*t
Emma; Aen'ldi K<-r;r.'-lf" Aeneae vs. Pasha
K'-nneis" Rural Artist; n. K. de B. Ix>oez &
Fr<ne DUblo vg. J. R. Smith's Jcp.nle Wilson-
Curtl« * Bcn'l <"i.nd<-larl& vs. K. U Taylor's
Mob*-; J. Hyrr»> Eleven bpot vs. It
11. <<e B. I^ ix-z & Son's Para-
H. Lrneta'a I.-rrtle M v». Chlarlnl l)ros. p Brass
Uuttonf; I'acha Kf-nnels' Iiude Awaker.ir.g v*
Curtis & Boo't Vulcan; H. A I;eck^man's
I>av.T<»nre vg. J. A. Peril's Bobc; H E de
11. I^>j> r & S.in't Wanria vs. K. (i.-ary p s Ameri
ca; Mahcr & Keld's Had Boy vs. A. Johnson's
Bald i:&Ki»; Krwln * Lyon's Pllver L.:on vf
Roaell, (Vllson & Allen'n nosle f*ia.:r; Aeneld
K«*nnelii' A«rRni<»rnr.on vs. It. E. de h. Lams &
Son's I'aj'iia; Captain Kane's Stafsman vs
T. Ti«"rn»»y> Tea Krwu?; Jtm>; Sutton's Mav
flTw^r x-»i. T. J. Crnnin's Wild Tral«^; George
Jfpthercott'c Vloodgste v«. R. L. Taylnr'e
JVauty Boot; Krwtr, 4- Lean's Rlher Win^s vs
V. C. £lelgh >;el>; Ciilarlni Uror, •
TJur.ko Kill vf. E. M. Kellom'y Il^n'g Babe-
J. 11. r > ert«ro> Controller vc J. Rutton's Macter
Lan-fn-i'; BneaelL Wilunn & Allen's MsrIc
vs. r>. Winder's Handotn Aim; H. i:. de B.
l^'X** & Son> Crawford I*ad vs. J. Uyrnes' nail
tlcrhip; K. M. KelloRB'* Hummer v». Or.taln
ICar.#-> Mi«>8 Ifnimn; R. P. Juliens Bw«et
Mii-:" rm. <"urtt* & Son's Anchor; A. Johnson's
I^>wlander n, J. <"arr«.Il'8 Aurkland; Jam^s
Fh<-ridan'« Forest Kin* v«. Jameti Sh'rldan'f
KT'-'t Qu«-.-r: : St^r! * Kn^wles' For Glorj- v.«
J'afha Kennelr' Rest Assured : P. J. Relllys
Jt^vfli Vnifn v*. N. P. WhltinR-'s Pt. Anthony;
T. M KellocTa Kid UcCoy vs. 11. a. lK-ck
«ln-.an's Glen Chloe; Jrff Martlnett's Slim vb.
II. A. Ixvkelman'fi Snapshot; J. Maher's
Rarmlish v« Oeorgif Nethercott'e rr«1» C;
Fterl & Knowles* O'llara ve. C. B. Charles
¦w -rtYs 'rawford Hraes.
EASTERN BASEBAI/L.
(BROOKLYN. July 1*.— TV>«on looked like a
v .rn»r to-day until the rlxth, when the Brook
lyn* lanird on l)inf*n fir two doubles and two
*in*W. whirh. with I>ln«»-n> wild throw.
foil, Farrrll made a two-bagpef. bringing "in
thr** run*, and »<^.t1nr himself on Nops 1 sln
fle. Attpndnnce, 1CC.0. Kccre:
riubs— n. jr. n.
Tt^v\"n 3 8 4
r-r^oklyn 10 14 3
UntterW— r>!rieen sn<i Fullivan, Kops and
ICarrrll Umpire- Swart woihd.
KEXT YORK. July IS.— N>w Tork wen from
Cincinnati to-day In the la« Inning. Attrr.d
ar.<-*-, 7'sO. Score:
Club*- R. H. e
Onrinnatl » 13 6
K«- York 10 13 b
PMt'rtef— Bre!trr.?t*!n. Rcott end Wood;
}iav.>y and Warr.fr. Umpire— Terry,
¦Excellent Performances of Merced
Greyhounds Is a Feature cf the
Midweek Coursing: at
Union Park.
T. J. Mclnerney's Norah,
the Runner-Up, Makes a
Good Showing.
REST ASSURED
WINS THE STAKE
IN EASY STYLE
Second race, trott'.r.g, Vallejo roadsters, purse
Easter r>, h. m.. by Easterwood-Lottle
L*o <N. G. Smith) 3 111
Rebecca, b. m., by Easterwood (J. L.
Fmlth) 15 3 2
Trilby, ch. m.. by Mambrino Chl»f (T.
MeGill Jr.) 2 2 2 3
Kl^rtlon Boy. ch. g.. by Kl^etion <J.
Krtfce) 4355
Echo, ch. g.. by Mambrino Chief (T.
Smith Jr.) 5 4 4 4
Time— 2:2). 2:33%. 2:27H. 2:32.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, purs*
|150:
I). F. Cox's b. m. Olarandn, 102 {Victory).
: to i i
H. K \Vhiman> bile. m. Manzanilla. 102
(Frawley). 7 to 2 2
J. M. '"aj.p's ch. %. Ktmrdo. 104 (Mc.Vichols),
3 to 1 3
Tlm»— l:!^.
San Aujrustine 104, Be Hanpy 102. Relna de
I»s Atirp1*-s 102. El Art* M, Harry Owynne 107.
Molrlll? Humham 112 and Twinkle Twlnk 102
aNo ran.
First race, trotting. 2:40 class, juir?e JfXK):
Hob lncersoll, b. g., by Nutwood Wilkes
(Cell) Ill
McHrlar. b. c. by McKtnney (Donathan) 9 2 2
Frlnre L. b. g.. by Ks.'ort <\V. Brown) 2 6 5
Farta Anita blk. h.. by Guy Wilkes
(Mftben) 25 3
Athfrln". b. m.. by Patron (Hodges) S3"
Vio Pehiller. b. g.. by Ham AVilk"? (Hit!).; 4 7 4
Alccnfta b. m.. by Kros <NM(«on) 648
Br.hby J. br. h., by Ham WilkP* <<"lnre]|o) 5 9 6
Ha!a<jnr, b. r.. by Advertiser (Robinson).. 7 8 9
Kanny Richard?, b. m., by Richards Elec
tor (H. r». Rrown) (Us
Time— 2:l!«i4. 2:lC'i. 2:15.
The number tor vallejo roadsters, heats
three In tive, almost resulted j n a reunion
of the Smith family, three drivers of that
not unfamiliar name participating. After
dropping the first heat to Rebecca, driven
by J. U Smith, N. G. Smith, presiding
ever the destinies of Easter I\ made a
show of his company in three straight.
Tom Smith Jr.. behind Echo, did not fare
so well as the other Smiths, never finish
ing better than fourth.
The smart ones were a unit in thinking
McBriar. after hi* good race at Napa, a
cinch for the trot, and the checks wore
laid down accordingly. When the horses
were summoned the MoKtnney horse
brought 10, with only a limited demand for
the entire field at C>. The rirr-t choice drew
a position in the second tier for the open
ing heat, and after making two losing
breaks Just beat the distance flag In. Bob
Ingersoll passed Vic Schiller when squared
away for the wire, cake walking home in
2:l^i. Prince L was second, with Santa
Anita Star a pood third.
The result apparently did not scare the
partisans of McPriar, for he pt ill had a
decided call both for the next heat nnd
result. After considerable tedious and
unnecessarv scoring the horses were dis
patched in" the second heat to a pretty
start, Prince L cutting in and taking the
pole position at the turn. Before the half
was reached Cecil, behind Inprersoll. had
assumed the lead, with McBriar looming
up dangerously in second place. Ingersoli
got over the line first by a length. Ath
erlne this time finished third.
The third and concluding heat resolved
down to a duel bt-tweeeh the favorite and
Bob Inptrsoll. Donathan sent McBriar
out from the word, Cecil not putting in
his challenge until nearing the bend for
the wire. In a dinqdong- struggle Inger
boII turneii the verdict by a head.
Those who persist in playing favorites
in running recitals will soon be subjects
for the recruiting- station. Be Happy
looked like something tailor-made and
was left at the post starting an even
money chance. Clarnndo, once 15 to 1,
won all the way. Ricanlo conceded the
place to Manzanilla. The running-horse
folks here are kicking because more
purses are not hung up, but if to-day's
affair is a sample one is a great sufficiency
for any track. Summary:
Of tlie harness events, nothing but
praise coukl be sain, the 2:40 class trot
oelng worth a long Journey to witness.
After three stubbornly contested heat?
Hub Ingerscll, driven by the colored r»-!i:>
man, William Cecil, was returned din
ner, the fastest heat made being 2:15, fully
equal to 2:12 on a better conditioned tracK.
McUriar, the favorite, handled to th*> best
advantage by veteran Billy Donathan.
made a splendid effort In the thir.; and
concluding lient, oniy to lose out by a
head. The Btirring drive brought the big
crowd to its foot and the colored driver
received an ovation as his horse caught
the eye of the judges first by a head.
the male persuasion as did racing itself,
a::d to pleased was the management over
the attendance that it was decided to
make Saturday '"ladies" day."
VALLEJO. July IS.— Town pride itself
w.i? sufficient to make Vallojo day at the
track a success and the substantial grand
stand at the course was packed almost to
suffocation with the suburban cities' fair
fst buds, chaperoned, of a necessity, by
more staid and mature matrons. The pres
ence of pretty facts proved quite as much
of a magnetic attraction to members of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JIcBriar, the Favorite, Puts TTp a
Game Struggle, but Is Un
able to Annex the
Purse.
Bob Ingersoli Wins the 2:40
Class Trot in a Fine
Race.
VALLEJO DAY
AT THE TRACK A
GREAT SUCCESS
The oontrnct for an emblematic design
for letterheads and envelopes was award
ed to Phillips & Smyth.
Saturday night the parade committee,
grand marshal and members of the con
ference committee will meet th*» past dic
tators and sitting dictators of the Knijchts
of Honor to confer on the subject of that
order taking part in th» parade.
Last evening the parade committee met
and appointed a committee to wait upon
the Board of Education to arrange for
having the children of the public schools
occupy places in the line of the parade.
J. w. Lewis and \V. M. "VVilkens were
named on that committee.
A special invitation will be extended to
the KiKKers* and Stevedores' Association
to parade, a statement having been made
that it was the pioneer beneficiary asso
ciation of San Francisco.
Santa Cruz and Watsonville parlors will
join hands in the celebration. They will
arrive here by special train on the night
of Saturday, the 8th of September, and
will be accompanied by a band of sixteen
pieces. The members will be attired In
double-breasted serge coats, white duck
trousers and white hats. They will bring
with them several hundred citizens of the
t,wo cities named.
Bay City Parlor of thi3 city has com
pleted all arrangements for the grand
event. It will use its own hall in Native
Sons' building for headquarters and will
entertain there on the night of the 9th.
when, in addition to a reception, there
will be an entertainment. On Monday the
members, in their new uniforms, will join
the parade and on Tuesday the members
and their friends will enjoy a banquet
and a dance in Century Hall. Each mem
ber will wear a handsome souvenir badgt-.
Fresno Parlor, recently organized, has
adopted a neat uniform for the parade.
It will come with It9 own band and the
sixty members will march to headquar
ters in the LJck House.
Hydraulic Parlor of Nevada City.
Quartz Parlor of Grass Valley and Ne
vada Parlor of Truckee were represented
at a recent meeting held in Grass Val
ley, when arrangements were made for
the parade. They adopted a blue mili
tary uniform of fatigue pattern for the
members, and will have as an emblem the
grizzly bear and the American flag. Ne
vada City alone expects to have 300 men
in line. The three parlors have secured
parlors In the California Hotel for head
quarters.
Oro Fino Parlor of Native Daughters,
through its 1'jOQ committee— Lizzie Hen
rix. Nellie Mulcay, Mrs. M. Meyer. Jennie
Stark and Jennie Tyler— has secured Elk3'
Hall for headquarters for three days of
the celebration. There the ladies of the
parlor will entertain afternoon and even
ing.
Xapa Parlor will turn out about sixty
members in an attractive uniform and
will have their banner drawn by Filipino
ponies.
Oscar Hocks, grand president of the
German Order of the Sons of Hermann,
called at headquarters to state that the
order, which has ten lodges in this city,
will make a showing in the parade and
will have several distinctive features in
line.
Xoble Grand Arch Henry Lanjre of the
United Ancient Order of the Druids. writ-
Ing to the headquarters of the golden Ju
bilee committee from St. Helena, an
nounces that arrangements are being
made to have the order take part in the
celebration, and that all the groves of the
jurisdiction will be communicated with.
Various Parlors Throughout th.9
State Arranging to Come in
Special Trains With Noisy
Bands of Music.
Ten Lodges, Sons of Her
mann, Express Intention
to Participate.
DRUIDS WILL
JOIN IN THE
CELEBRATION
The present Ferious awpoct of the trouble
is due to the legal proceeding which is be
ing taken against two suspected murder
ers'. Two Ping Ktfng Tong men were ar
rested for the killing of Ah How. an Ong
Yick man. and the tone to which the pris
oners belonged gave the murdered man's
friends $600 on condition that they would
not prosecute the case or appear as wit
nesses. The Ong Yicks accepted the
money and now announce that they will
appear in court. Their failure to keep
their promise has caused much bitter feel
ing and may cause the war which, as in
the cases of the other highbinder affair
starting in the country, is expected to
terminate in this city.
The police fear that the trouble which
started between the' Ping Kong Tons and
thei Ong Yicks in Sacramento about three
weeks ago will be transferred to this city.
Ah Fook. who resides on Waverly place,
¦went to the capital to adjust the difliculty
last week, but returned Tuesday and re
ported matters in a much worse condition
than when he arrived there.
Tong Vonp. a you.ni? Americanized
Chinese residing on SpofTord alley, joined
Uncle Sam's navy last week. He secured
a position as cook, but his duties were
misunderstood by his countrymen and he
was immediately branded as a traitor to
his native land. It was thought that he
had enlisted for the purpose of fighting
against China, and for several days a
horde of highbinders followed him aoout
Chinatown eager for his Ufe. Yong ap
plied to the police for protection and un
til yesterday, when he lei't the city, he
was under the surveillance of Sergeant
ilahoney's squad.
On Monday night a large crowd
gathered about his place and had started
to batter the door down when the police
arrived. The crowd was dispersed and
since then Yong's house on tipofford alley
has been watched. Yong escaped the
wrath of his pursuers by departing lor
Vallejo yesterday.
Police Fear That Serious Highbinder
Conflict Now Raging in Sac
ramento Will Be Trans
ferred Here.
Ah Yong Marked for Death
Because He Joined United
States Navy.
BELIEVED HIM
A TRAITOR TO
HIS OWN LAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE HOLD
THEIR GRAND LODGE SESSION
11
Next Sunday's Call.
THE WORLD IS DOOMED TO
STARVATION.
Ey Edward Atkinson, the Great Economist
LOS ANGELES WOMAN WHO BUILT HER
OWN HOUSE.
HOW TWO GIRLS ESCAPED FROM CHINATOWN
DURING QUARANTINE.
THE FIRST BILLIARD TABLE IN OREGON-
A CHAPTER FROM THE LIFE OF A CASHBOY.
AROUND THE PARIS EXPOSITION.
By GENEVIEVE GREEN.
SEE THE GREAT COMIC AND HALF-TONE SECTION.
V THE SUNDAY CALL, / \ THE SUNDAY CALLi /
X. finest illustrated / >v finest illu-trat-d J
\ Sunday paper / X Sunday Paper /
\ in the West / \ in the West /
x / \ A
X A X A
\A _[ \A\
THE SIWDW CALL
LEADS THEM ALL
i i ; i i i i a i i i i i i i iTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
12
DL'SIXESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A-KREDO & DUTTOX, phone Black 5052.
$3000— GROCERY & bar; Mission st.; $C0 dally.
$700 — Home bakery; coffee parlor; no oppo-
sition.
$400 — Restaurant ln the wholesale district.
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary St.
$3?0— SALOON; 2 furnished rooms; rent $18: re-
ceipts $10 to $12 daily. KREDO & DUTTON,
86 Geary Ft.
$iS0— CANDY m'fg; Market St.; $20 per day;
old FBtab. business. KREDO & DUTTON,
EC Geary st.
$15.".o— RESTAURANT in country town: fine
paying proposition; ' $20,000. seAen years; also
a $?0v0 restaurnnt. most populnr place in San
Francisco. KREDO & DUTTON. 26 Geary *t.
MEN of Nerve Go to the Philippines.
Klondike and Nome Not In It.
JuFt arrived from Manila, after two years' ex-
perience prospecting In mining; have located
very rich gold, silver and copper mining: would
like to pet a company of ten men together. In-
cluding one assayer. to work the claims which
we have already taken up ar.d take up more
claims; we are In possession of a splendid as-
sortment of very rich specimens. For further
Information please call at DENVER HOUSE,
217 Third et.. near Howard, roonj 103.
$400— A BARGAIN; millinery ftore in Western
Addition; 0 years established; good stock on
hand; value in sight: 3 neatly furnished
rooms back of score; everything complete lor
housekeeping; suitable for family or 2 young
ladles; owner leaving. Box SOCK, Call otflee.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business; restaur-
ant; 10'J chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
using 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon:
lodging-house, 24 rooms, newly furnished:
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
fleld. Cal.
$750— WELL-ESTABLISHED grocery and fruit
store: doing a good outside business: horse,
wagon; rent taken out In trade: best of
reasons for selling. Box 83C2, Call.
$1000— PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman;
business city and traveling: worth now one
hundred weekly. Call this week. 2 to 9 p. nx.
6A Sixth St.. near Market.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
location; place is entirely covered: contains 3
stalls: rent rnly $15: water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
LEADING hotel ln Monterey; 85 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar: completely furn.;
will rent, sell or exchanee. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. Cal.
A— HOTEL and saloon at 212-214 First St.. at
reasonable terms; will sell on account of
Fickness.
FOR sa!f— Paloon; pood business; cause, sick-
ness. Inquire 44 Second st.
FIRPT-CLAFS shoe phop; good prices; good
work: small stock of shoes. 332 Bush st.
DON'T MIPS the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO, 11 Geary; other bargains.
GOOD bakery for eale; cheap; baking 2>4 bar-
rels. Ailure«s box 1957. Call office.
FOR sale— Well-paying pickle factory and vin-
egar route; $K00. Address box 1S70, Call.
FOR Fale— Fir«=t-cl.i«<= restaurant. Address P. '
LAMMERS. 17:.?'^ Mission st. ; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ;;00 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements end
Fubfcrlrtions has been established at 1036 Va-
i«*ncla Ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
S ROOMS: clean; nice; respectable location. $250
10 and 12 r. houses, all parts of city. $330 up.
14 r. ; clean; respectable; rent SCH; good.. $T>»0
Jl rooms: central: clears JSO a month $1000
54 rooms; rent $SJ; profitable; H cash. ...$1600
£0 rooms; very nice; clears over $100 $2So0
I?4 more. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mkt.: tel. Blk ISO?.
16 ROOMS. ?300; respectable, no transient; all
full of permanent renters; cleare $1 per day
above the rent; rent $35. M. GRIFFIN. 719
Market Ft., near Call bldtr.
I..TFT your houses Tritli me: I have cash buy-
ers. M. GRIFFIN, T19 Market st.
$12.*— LODGING-HOUSE. K moms; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; worth $200: make offer to-
day. H'NDIN & CO.. S73 Market St.. r. 12.
jc^—pxaP: 2S rooms; nil rented; fine location:
near Market rt. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
LOOGING-HOUSES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished hotel, situated In coun-
try. 12 rooms and bar. $15. For full particu-
lars call FRED ASCHMANN. Mllpitas, Santa
Olara Cnunty. Cal.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF*Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: fend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market »t.. S. F.
CAIU'ET HEATING AND CLEA.MNU.
WHEN you l.ecome distrusted with poor work
rend to PPAL'LUING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-S57 Tehama Ft.; tel. S. 4C.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
842-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
433 ftevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.: tel. Jessie D44.
ADVANCE Carpet CleahlnR Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 204. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: tel»nhnne East 126.
CAKIUAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, bupgles, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-han<l wagons, buggies, carts & har-
reyy. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. »27 Market Et.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE sunny 6-room modern cottage ln
East Oakland; high basement; corner lot, 90x
12. r >; fine grounds and fruit trees', location
Al: 5 minutes' walk to local station. H. H.
COLBY. ExpreFS office. East Oakland.
OFF Second at., near Brannan — Sunny 4-room
cottage; $10. Key 623 Second st.
NEW cottage: 6 rooms, bath; lot COxlOO; Mis-
sion: easy terms or vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison.- SIS Mis-
sion St.; readings dally. 25c. SOc and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays. Thursdays. Saturdays and
Sunday evening, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. €05 McAllister st.; 10c; come skeptics.
WTLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis, 10 a. m. to b p. m., Sundays included.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sit. dally: convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
THIS week only— Full sittings 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 1Z.SI Market st., -near 12th.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clalrvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c,
rents $1; palm. & clulr.: -it. $1 50. 126 Turk at.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future, ibe. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice; fee
2T>c up. M3 Mission St.. nr. Fourth: ring bell.
CARD reading. 25 cents. 103 Fifth St. Hours
from 1 to 10.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh et. ; no sign.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 821\4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME.August. clairvoyant, card reader; palmls-
try; truth or no pay: 25c & 60c. 1149 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;.
sittings dally. 212VJ Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
bund'a picture: 2Ic: Indies. 914 O'Jarrell gt.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 8C9 -Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 10 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. in. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painlefs method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest nnd puaranteed; lady attendants.
HR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Karrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per act; extracting, SOc; gas given.
DENTISTS.
PLATES from $5; crowns. $3 CO; fillings, 50c
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings,' 2oc.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DlT^BUZARiyS^Dog^Iripltal, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREEl.Y'S C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
EDCCAT1OSAL.
AYRKS' Business College. 71'3 Market St.: life
scholarship. JDO; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
JO new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin St.:
the comiiiR school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1861.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
6-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Deasy. court reporter. 612 Hearst bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F.; founded 1SG3: SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pine st.
DUGSSMAKEIIS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles" Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDKON pleattnj? factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. oyprO'Connor&Moffatt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; e*tabl. over 10 years: all klnda help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay S&
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42t Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office:
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06V z Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farell Et. : tel. Ka«t 426.
EMPLOV3IKXT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS French second girl desires slt-
• uatlon best of references: also first-class
Swedish second clrl, *IISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COMPETENT young woman (Protestant)
wishes situation to do general housework;
good cock; city or country: Bmall family;
wages $25. Address G. E. B., box 116, Call.
A GOOD woman needs work; can do most any
kind: Is stroiir: assist In cooking or any-
thing; no wash: a good worker. 242>4 Minna
St.; not ln the rear.
POSITION as housekeeper by reliable person
for two or three persons; country preferred.
Address box 111, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes position to assist with
light housework. 15SH Silver St.. between
Third and Fourth.
WANTED — By Intelligent, middle-aged widow,
stranger In city, to take charge of rooming-
house. Call 320V4 Sutter st.. room 10.
A PROTESTANT woman; first-class cook; ele-
pant baker: clean and careful: small private
family; wages moderate. 770 Harrison st.
YOUNG lady, speaks French, German and
English, ro<v1 seamstress, wishes position.
Address M. D., box 11». Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
>]ay house-cleaning; good laundress. MRS.
O., 7 Van Ness ave.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 291 Thir-
teenth st.
WOMAN wishes housework by the day. J36
Hayes st :
A MIDDLE-AGKD woman wishes situation to
do general housework. Call 2u2 Fulton st.
A GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework. Apply at 2501^ Mission st.
WANTED — By reliable woman, work by the
day: !1 10 day. 1519H Market, opp. Van Ness.
WOMAN wants position as cook on ranch or
dairy. 667 Minna st.
A LADY wishes a few hours' work during the
day. Apply 3SS Eureka Ft.
$100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
SEWING In families by the day by nrst-class
dressmaker. Address 1511 Clay st.
WINCHESTER Hcuse, 44 Third ft., near Mar-
ket: 100 rooms: 25c to $1 50 nlsht: $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V«i-
len^la. st.
E M PLO YM EXT WASTED M A L,e7~
SITUATION wanted by a first-class pants-
maker. Just arrived from the. East, between
now and first of August. Please address at
once. Room CO, Brooklyn Hotel, San Fran.
STRONG boy of 16 wishes position of any kind
with board and lodging and reasonable wages.
Box 115. Call office. . ¦>'
BOY 15 years of age desires to learn the ma-
chinists" trade. Inquire 632 Third st.
WANTED — Position by young man of 24. Ad-
dress 320Vi Sutter st-. room 14.
AN active, elderly man, first-class sign painter
by trade, also an adept at display and ad-
vertising card writing and generally handy,
wishest ii permanent position in some large
retail or other establishment where his ser-
vices In that or any other capacity can b«
put to account Address HENRY P. HOP-
KINS, box 2796. Call office. Oakland, Cal.
ENGINEER, who can do all erecting and re-
pairing, wants steady position: any style of
engine; good knowledge of electricity; steady
habits; good references; go anywhere. Bos
3503. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man as gard-
ener, hostler or to do general work aroiii-.d
place; first-class reference. Address HENRY
WILSON, 323 Montgomery it.
A TEMPERATE man; handy with tools; will
repair or renovate: also tend to garden or
horse. Box 1&01. Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant nve.
DEAR SIR*
Do you want Just as good a shoe for $3 50
as mest stores sell for $5? Do you want all
the wear and comfort It's possible to put In
a shoe? WALKOVER SHOE STORE,
F. F. WRIGHT. Prop.
Baldwin Annex. 924 Market St.
Los Angeles Store, 111 South Spring St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenda st. ; *¦ •¦
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE ; MAYERLE.^ GTrman expert"opUcrain
• 1071H Market (rear Seventh); examination
free; German eye water by mall. 50c; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians. ' ¦
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mitt.
~ FLATS TO LET.
GROVE. SIS— Flat of 7 sunny poms and attic:
front and elde gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms: furnished or unfur-
nished; sti.M» If desired of 4 stalls; carringe
floor, coachman's room, etc.: suitable for
physician; rent $30 and $35. Apply en prem-
Ises or MADISON & BUTtKE. .
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 8 rooms
and bath each; $25 and $23. 973-975 Golden
Gate, ave.
A— S-ROOM flat: corner: sunny; 2 bay-windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
FIFTEENTH, 1S76. near Dolores — Sunny bay-
window flat of 7 rooms, bath; house, & rooms,
Ftable.
GEARY, S13%— Modem flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent 133; water free. Apply LANDRY C
BABIN. 413 Kearny St.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
IVY AVE., 60. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
cant sunny top flat: four rooms.
MISSION. 1515. nr. 11th— 2 fiats, 6 sunny rooms;
bath, laundry; rent $18 up.
$10— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms.* 27 Pearl
St.. off Market, near Valencia.
FLATS TO LET.
$S— REAR flat; S large rooms and bath. flO
Castro st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
VL.ATS TO ;,ET KUllNlSUiSO.
TO LET— Furnished flat of four rooms. 236
Fifth st.
FURX1TUUE FOIl SALE.
PRIVATE sale of furniture owing to lmmedl-
ate departure to Honolulu. 734 Guerrero st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with N. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE /WASTED.
$3000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
M. Silversteln, 1J21 Market; tel, Folsom 1103.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry& Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 33>3.
HELP WANTED-FEMALa: . ' -
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ».
8 waitresses, Capitola, $20, free fare both
ways; 2 waitresses. Paciflc Grove, free fare
one way, $20; waitress, springs, choice place.
$20; 4 waitresses, different resorts. $20: wait-
resses for Sacramento, Fresno, St. Helena,
Vallejo. Keswlck, Santa Cruz, Marysvllle
and others, $20 and $25; fares paid; 2 wait-
resses, city, $20; German working house-
keeper, country rooming house, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, $15; 2 fancy Ironers, $35; 2 plain
laundresses, country. $26.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper for children's home, $26; house-
keeper, Marlposa, $15; ranch cook, $25 and
fare; 2 friends to go together as cooks, $25
each: and 25 houseglrls. city and country. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WOMAN cook for 15 to 20 persons. Lake Tahoe,
$40, free fare both ways. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary 6t. ¦
4 GERMAN cooks, city. $35 and $30: 2 German
cooks. $23 each; pastry cook, hotel, city. $35;
housework. Sausallto, $25; Alameda, $25; Mill
Valley, $25, and several other towns; 20 house-
girls, city, $15 to $25; 10 chambermaids and
waitresses, city and country*, $20 and $25; sec-
ond eirl for Alameda, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A COOK and second girl, same house, across
the- bay; $30 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter Bt.
WANTED— Cook, plain wash, American fam-
ily. $30. also nurse, some second work. $25;
3 waitresses for springs and hotels. $25: kitch-
en girl and plain wash, $30; 3 cooks, plain
washing. $30; French nurse, $20; second girls,
$l'0; fancy ironer. $30; n large number of
waitresses for city and country, $20: 40 girls
for housework ln city and country, at $20, $25
nnd $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
816 Sutter st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
work: highest w^.ges paid: apply Immediate-
ly. U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison
ave., bet. Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
WANTED— Experienced canners; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately, The
U. S. Fruit Packing Co., Harrison St., off
Folsom. between Seventh and Eighth.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; nc
children. Apply 1456 Fulton st., between
Broderick and Baker.
YOUNG German girl, IS years, wishes to assist
In llg.ht housework and care of children. Ad-
dress box 109, Call.
WOMAN for family of three; must be good
cook: references: wages $20. Call to-day, be-
tween 5 and 6, 7th floor. Examiner building.
100 SEWERS to take work home; on ladles'
underwear. 722 Market St., room 35.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on custom coats; good
wages. BIDLOWSKI, f.2S Jessie st.
GERMAN girl. 20 years, wishes housework ln
American family. Box 108, Call. v
WANTED — Experience*! neckwear hands and
apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON, 618 Market.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts
and underwear. 27 Jessie St., fifth floor.
EXPERIENCED tuckers nn ladles' and chil-
dren's wear. BAUER BROS.. 21 Sansome st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; references.
Apply 722 UroJerlck St., 9 to 12 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS vest mak»r wanted. 8V4 An-
tonla St., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
WANTED— A girl for housework. Call at 1321
Golden Gate nve.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists; S10
a week. Livingston Mfg. Co., 226 Bush st.
GIRL 16 years to take care of child; good
home; small waeres. 1930 Stockton et.
WANTED — A cook; apply between 9 and 12.
2932 Jackson Bt.
WANTED— A young girl to assist ln minding
a baby. S2S Turk st.
YOUNG Klrl kind to children: $5 to $7. 216
Hickory ave^
WANTED— A cook; no washing; small family.
22 East st. ; Dewey House.
WANTED— A girl to work ln restaurant. 3
Howard st.
WANTED— Girl for a shooting gallery. <21 Du-
pont st.: call 1 p. m.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
ln good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO., room 40, Columbian building.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework. £44 Twenty-fourth St., Oakland.
LADY of good Judgment and ability wanted at
once to flll responsible position. Box 3511, Call.
GIRLS wanted, bookbindery. BUSWELL CO..
f.3C Clay st.
WANTED— Girl to Iron and tend office; wages
$4 per week. Standard Laundry, 114 Ha<yes st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, 32^4 Fremont St.;
no experience necessary: good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Girl for general housework: Z In
family. Apply before 10 a. m.. 1242 Linden
ave., Oakland.
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's custom
shirts; 6teady employment to cood hands. C35
-Valencia st. "":-'' ¦'¦'£ -'f. 7 !'. 1 '-''-^'*
HIGHEST wages and steady employment to
women and girls at Code-Portwood Canning
Co., Tenth and Bryant.
$100,000 to loan on diamond." -hos. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARIU.-.. I.', .Grant ave.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
Etate experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1824. Call office.
YOUNG Klrl to do general housework: need not
cook. Call 1\31 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker wanted;
wages no object. 509 Kearny St., room 2.
GERMAN fcirl wanted for housework and plain
cooking. 766A Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED lady solicitor; half or wholo
day; good salary. Address box 1902. Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
cooking. 1802 Mason Bt^
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Prove sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. .^ ——— ,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— C. R, HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
10C0 men for new R. R. work, free fare
.200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers, S.'P. Co.'s own work $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfield ....$2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry '• *2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office Fee $1 Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO ">« Geary Bt.
AN errand boy. $3 per week. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
A DISHWASHER; hotel, country; $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MAN to buy out a- seltzer route: good pay-
ing business. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A^ MAN and wife; ranch; $40; good place.
MISS CULLKN. 325 Sutter St.
BARBERS' ProRi-esalvev Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. j\ 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Solderers for tin cans; also boys
to learn soldering. GEO. H. TAY CO.. 616
Battery st. ¦
WANTED — Sober, experienced bedmaker:
wages $23 and room. Apply 9 o'clock, 149
Third st.
WANTED — Strong boy between 15 and 20 years
old; wnKen $3 a week. Apply at The FrieH-
lander Hat Co., 323 Pine st. .
WANTED— First-class stove traveling 6aJes-
man. Box 110. Call office. '
BOY to run elevator 12 m. to 6 p.-- m. Inquire
¦ between 10 and 12, 602 California st, room 6.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 225 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Oregon Colorado, Ne-
vada, British Columbia and Hawaiian Is!and3.
Free fare and office fee only $1
And no other expenses to Reno. Nev., Dist.
Los Angeles Dlst < Truckee Dlst.
Santa Barbara Dlst Shasta Dist.
Salt Lake City Dlst Crows Landing Dlst.
Santa Cruz Dlst Newman Dist.
Dunsmulr Dlst BakersHeld Dlst.
Soda SprlnKS Dlst Madera Dlst.
San Luis Dlst Surf Dlst.
SPECIAL TO .SHASTA CO. DIST
Redding Delta Dunsmulr
and other points good wages
And other places. We Fhtp FREE. ...FREE
COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, Immmersmen,
quarrymen, Eplkers, section hands, tunnel
men, steel gangs, etc., wages $3. $2 50. $2 25,
*2, $1 90 day and FREE SHIPMENT
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
it costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; COMB
SEE FREE FREE
MURRAY & READY. 631-626 Clay st.
A— 35 CARPENTERS to build a large flume;
26 laborers to handle hammer, etc., 430 to $40
and found; 153 miners, gold, silver and other
mines, JSO, $75 and $G0 and found; 15 muck-
ers |S0
.Fireman, gold mine. J60; crowd going to
mines; 5 men to work in warehouse, $W found;
264 laborers to work at different mines. $30,
*48, $40 and found, no experience required....
YOU'LL SUIT ....:
6 machine miners, gold mine $50
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $35, $30,
$25 and found; 32 choremen and boys; 63
harvest bands* 12 50, $2 day and found
47 milkers and butter makers, $25, $40. $30
and found; 63 men or boys to pick fruit
$30, $28 and found
197 men to work ln Bawmllla. woods, etc,
we pay your fares. $35. $90, $S0. $75. $50, $55,
$50. $45, $40 $35, $30. $26 and found; 136 tle-
• makers and woodchoppers. tools and food
found. $2 60 to $1 cord. 13c to 10c each; woods
foreman: sawmill foreman, boss here; gang
edgerman, screw turner, boss here: sheep
herders; men for hay presses: 37 stablemen,
hostlers, buggy washers, harness cleaners,
etc., $45, $40 $55, $30 and found; 3S6 laborers
and teamsters for all parts of California. $2 50,
$2 25, $2 $1 75 day: many for city positions
and board home. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP
• Blacksmith, sawmill Co $30 and found
25 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wood workers,
• helpers, etc.. $2, $2 50 day to $60 and found:
coremaker and other mechanics. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENTS
23 cooks, city and country places, $30, $33,
$40 to JCO and found; first and second hand
bakers and helpers, $60, $40, f35 and $30 and
found; sausage makers, shop and slaughter
house butchers, etc.. $60, $40 and $30 ami
found: porter and runner, $23 and found;
laundry help and others. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES ....
TO 3T. SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
C63 men for 60 different. Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found :
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, pang edgermen, ln
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $W, $75, $S0. $120. $60,
%Z0. $40. $30 and found; LSi woodehoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines.
$3, $2 50. $2. $1 50. $1 and 75c cord; shingle
joiner: shingle packer
25 laborers for sawmill, fare paid.. $40 and fd
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
A— COME down and get our lists of 72G3 Jobs,
and read latest bulletin boards. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay »t.
WANTED
• FOR MINES.
5 machine men $3 a day
20 miners ?2 50 a day
10 carmen: no experience required $2 a day
30 laborers S2 a day
blacksmith helper $2 a day
FOR BRICKYARD.
1 setter « a day
3 molders « a day
6 laborets t- a day
10 laborers $30 and board
FREE FARE.
FOR FARMS AND DAIRIES.
Farmer and wife $40 |
2 two-horse teamsters $30
10 ranch hamis $26 and $30
2 milkers, near city $30
2 farmers, San Mateo $26
4 men for Palo Alto $20
FOR THE WOODS.
Sawmills and woodsmen Free fare
JO woodchoppers, Santa Cruz, 4-foot red, 75c;
hardwood, $1 23; pine. $1
20 woodchoppers for mine, yellow pine
$1 50 a cord
20 ax men to make ties. 12c, box bolts, shingle
bolts and wood, vlrsin timber
3 woodchoppers. willow and oak $1 25
FOR LAUNDRIES.
Ironers and washers
Cook, country hotel $4j
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
2 BOARDING-HOUSE cooks, $40 and $45; 2
Japanese cooks for mill crew, $S0: night conk,
$10; second cook, hotel. $50: potwashers. $23;
dishwashers; 4 first-class waiters for hotel,
$30 and $35; nnd others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Carpenter, country. $2 50 a day:
blacksmith, city shop. $3 a day; 2 experienced
bricklayers, $5 a day; cooper, to build tanks,
$3 a day; blacksmith who can file and rim
wheels. $3 a day: 4 bricklayers. $5 day: black-
smith nnd shoer. $3. ADly to J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 62S Sacremento st.
WANTED— A lartre number of woodsmen for
different sawmills, all kinds of work, best
¦wages: we want teamsters at good prices;
also men for lots of other work. J. F. CRO-
SETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
FREE Fare Free Fare
Railroad laborers; best wages: 100 men want-
ed to-day; come early. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st^
WANTED— For first-class manufacturing firm
ln city, to-day, one blacksmith, one wheel-
wright, one carrlnce painter and bench hands.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento.
WANTED — Washer and engineer for laundry,
$43 and board; 2 miners, short distance, $40
and found: 1 laborer, short distance. $28 and
found: 6 machine miners, $3 a day; 4 single-
hand miners. T2 50 a day: 2 muckers for mine,
$2 a day; 5 laborers for mine. $2 a day. Apply,
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Saeramenta st.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married m«n between ages of 21 and S3: cit-
izens of United States; ot good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English ; recruits are specially de-
sired for service ln Philippines. For Infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New
MontKom»ry St.. Ran Francisco, Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS solicitor of good address and
education on best proposition ln city; names,
addresses nnd Introductions furnished. Ad-
dress box 121. Call office. ; %*H*
¦WANTED — Stead}-, reliable man: $75 to $30 per
month; German or Swede preferred: $150 re-
quired. Apply 873 Market St.. room 12.
PORTER wanted; barber shop. 6 Market
street.
WANTED— A flrst-cla?s waiter. 29 Stockton
street. ' ..-:'.."¦
WANTED-A waiter at 133 Fifth St.
WANTED— Shoemaker; good man on repairing.
904 Valencia st.
WANTED — A good blacksmith on wagon and
truck work. 537 Brannan st.
2 GOOD barbers wanted; steady. 103 Fourth st.
BARHER wanted: must be good workman:
steady job. 120 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS general carriage and wagon
blacksmith. 123 Spear at.
GOOD dishwasher at 119 Stockton st.
WANTED— Carpenter, shlngler and laborer at
439 Stevenson st. ¦-: ¦';*?; '
PORTER for barber shop: also barber for Sat-
urday and Sunday. 11 Sixth st. v . ..
WANTED— 25 harness makers. L. D. STONE
& CO., 417-419 Market St.. San Francisco;
catalogue of harness or saddles sent on ap-
plication.
WANTED— A reliable German, bet. 25 and 30
years of age. for a coal yard: must, be ac-
quainted with city and understand care of
horses. Apply 458 Sixth st.
WANTED — Amateur musicians for cavalry
band. N. G. C. Armor}', 1327 Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith. Inquire at
Golden West Hotel office at 10 a. m. . \ p
PAINTERS' complete outfit for 6ale at sacri-
fice. 318 Fulton st., basement. "V
WANTED — A good molder on Jobbing work;
union man; married preferred; to a live man
permanent Job. Variety Iron Works, Seat-
tle, Wash.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TWO first-class outside salesmen to sell auto-
graphic registers; salary. Call between 9 and
12 a. m., PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wages while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Bnrber College. 741 A Howard st.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 23c to
60c. 6G2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— GEO. t>. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 2C Steuart.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WA^CTED^Recruits fcr the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Indies and not over 6 feet 1 Inch ln height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Kills st.. San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K
St., Sacramento. Cal.. or 105S J St.. Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the Cay or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
S2S Montgomery St.. San Francisco. San
Francisco and Pan Joaquin Coal Company.
WANTED— Two and*4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 127 14th st., near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: TOO rooms". 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LIN DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t> Va-
lencla st.
IIOHSCS. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Staniford Stables. 308-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
J27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE family carriage horse, very stylish,
cheap. Call at 10t>; Mission st., from 9 to
12 a. m.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY" S. 2170 Market St.; Castro
at. cars pass the door.
FOR SALE— Nice road animal, bike buggy and
harness. Nevada Stables. 1330 Market st.
FOR sale — 2 extra fine carriage terms. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
WALKOVER TO THE
BALDWIN ANNEX
and see the Walkover Shoe at $3 50. It's as
good as the average $5 shoe. Lots of style,
plenty of comfort and all the good, hard wear
you'll ever get out of any shoe.
Our "High Life" men's shoe Is the only
$5 shoe made that is really worth $1 50 more
than our Walkover Shoe at 13 50.
WALKOVER SHOE STORE.
F. F. WRIGHT. Prop-
Baldwin Annex, 924 Market St.
Los Angeles Store. Ill South Spring St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AXD KOl'XD.
LOST^Engl Ish foxhound, black and tan. Ke-
ward at 426 Pacific st.
FOUND— Monday, on Twenty-fourth St.. small
bay horse. Owner apply COS Larkin St. at
once- and pay charees.
PASSBOOK Hibernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, CATHERINE MORA.V; book No. 20S077.
Finder please return to bank.
LOST— A Masonic gold pin, with small dia-
mond at top; liberal reward. 230 Stockton »t.
IF the lady that took the two rings from my
residence at 727 Washington St., Sunday
morning about 10 o'clock, will return the &-
carat diamond ring to me immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONG PO CHI.
LOST — Near High and East Fourteenth sts..
black dog; answers to "Nig." Reward of re-
turned to Immoos Saloon, Frultvale station,
Cal.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from $1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
1"> Grant av<».
MED I CAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, removed to 448 Eddy St.. the
well-known and reliable ladles' physician:
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; home for
patients before and during confinement; con-
sultation free and confidential ; hours, 9 to 5
and 7 to 8; Sundays. 30 to 2. 4*S Eddy St.. be-
tween Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years: treated thou-
tan.ls of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call en him. 1023VJ Market st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1229 Market St.; re-
liable ladies' specialists; 30 years' practice;
patients' private home: positive cure at of-
fice; celebrated HINDO HERB home treat-
ment; send 5 2-cent stamps for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable:
cure $3: have treated thousands of cases with
euccess; 15 years' practice ln S. F. : maternity
home; low leea. 1U07H Market st., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WVK H. reliable specialist: 23 yra'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sanl-
tarlum.74) Sncramento.cor. Kearny ;advlce free.
DR. WISE (YS) — The only genuine ladies* spe-
cialist. Office. HIS Market st. : treatment. $3.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reasona-
bie. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BCULERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters,' linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything ln 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1C23 Mission st.. above
Sixth: write for catalogue.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear gt
FOR SALE — Fine quality sealskin sacque.
suitable for 34 or 36 bust. S$5; cost $175; al-
most new. Box 117, Call office.
FOR SALE— Little Star hand Ironer. gas and
gasoline burner. $40; also Tyler machine, $13.
Box 101. Call office.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters,- 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
ALL sizes enjrlnes and boilers bought and sold.
KHOGHMFO. CO.. 9 Stevenson st.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White, 51S Mission.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER, No. S Smith Premier: late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A." HARTTER. E13 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
|7B; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupi, 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: iron and wood
planers; lathes: Id-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand- moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 13l'Post st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California gt.
SA r. E J^ N =7r4. n< %^ econd * hand - ™ E her-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-433 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New nnd second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market »t.. San Fran.
M 1 S C 12 LLA.N HOL'S WAXTS.
A— 100 II. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE, 220 Fremont st.
WILL pay cash for a diamond. Box IIS Call
office. !
SE £ L ££ I ?V S ~ ar * what we Da y bI * Prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton at.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
3IOXEY TO LOA.V
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided interest, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elae-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates ln probate, interest
ln estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
HIGHLY rwpectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84G Market
*t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianoswlthout removal; quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms'
6S and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market St.
ON real estate,' 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
¦ lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOSEY TO LOAX.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT I"6 Kearny. room 9, respectable prlvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 99a.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no com. Rm. 81, 6 Eddy.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
nes» confidential. Tousley Co. v 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, nn. 101. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Cailf.
ANY gum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates ln pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
| H. MURPHY. 830 Market st.. solves all kinds o£
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. SC3 Examiner building.
OK furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL 1SSTRIME.\TS. '
1 GOOD upright: good for beginner: $6o.
1 Neuman upright; rosewood case; $133.
1 Fischer uprlsrht; the genuine make; JJE3.
1 Sterling upright: walnut case; $223.
1 Vose upright; good as new; $27i •
1 Pease uprisht; used 6 months: $245. i
1 Weber; walnut case: a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size: walnut case; a snap.
Easy payments; gilt-edge guarantee.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. lS-lS-^) O'Farrell at.
AS we represent the best make of. pianos la
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay*
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are tha people, from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. %9 cash, tS p«r
month: other pianos. $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer*,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
THIS week you can get a fine iolld leathsr
music roll ln black or tan for ?3c; regular
price, $1 23. Send your order to MADVAJ3*
Music House. 763 Market st.
BARGAINS at $50, $75, $100, $150; good piano*:
will exchange later for better ones and allow
what is paid. MAUVAI3'. 763 Market st.
DECKER & SON or Packard planoa are what
you should buy; they are best ln so many
ways. MAUVAIS Music Co.. 763 Marfcft st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
' west of Chicago la KOIILER * CHASE'S.
2i, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; planoa. organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible don* to please and satisfy tha
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano »tor« to 9S3
Market st.. between Fifth and Sixth, next to
Hale Bros.; reduction sale will continue for
two weeks to make room for new stock; open
evenings: agency for the celebrated Shonlnger
& Behnlng pianos. New York.
CLOSING out; fifteen piano* and organs at
your own prices this week only. SPENCER'S.
ISIS Market St.. above Van Ness ave.
A NICE uprlscht piano, used a few years, $10>.
Room 12. Flood building.
FINE upright Stelnway for $230. KEEFFE'S.
933 Market St.. next to Hale's.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman, Conover and other pianos.
SOHMEIt & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 3CS Pont St.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment S3
per month. SCHMITZ. H McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale or pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Etetnway. 1 Chickering. $100; installments
$5 to $10: rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 13fi E!ll» St.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos. $5 payments;
fnr r»nt. $2 nr>. BRUFTVN. 2P* Post Rt.
1'AI.MISTRV.
MME. Neersard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 tr> 9. filS Gearv. nr J'.ncs.
PAUT.\EnS WANTED.
j BY en engineer, contractor, who has
an office and a working outfit with
work en hand. but who wants to
start an office in the islands which will
be more than one can handle to a.1vantaa<«:
no one need reply who has not from $-iW
to $J00O and can furnish references and either
not be an ensineer. but must be a practical
man; full Investigation allowed. Bi>x 112.
Call office.
_ _______
GENTLEMAN, stranger, desires to meet pretty
youn< lady, wUow preferred, who Is com-
panionable: object matrimony: strict confi-
dence assured. X. Q. Z.. box 107. Call ofnee
GENTIJSMAN of 40 desires to correspond with
young lady or widow. Address box 1C3, Call.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and plllo-ws made to order, re-cov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition; fine upholstery.
Phone 5309; factory. SIS and 320 Eleventh at.;
nrst-class cleaning and dyeing. 4C3 Sutter
Bt.. San Francisco.
RAG carnets wove to order and for sale: also
chenJIIe-wove russ, silk portieres; dealer In.
carpet twine, ln hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third «t., near Market: 700 rooms;
2Sc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER. the hairdresser, has bat one price,
plain, neat, fancy, elaborate or any kind cl
halrdressln; only 2Sc. 123 Stockton it
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON —CMOS. 1117 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 24
Kearny st.. room 11. cures nervousness, ln-
eomr.la. blindness. Brlghfs dlseaae. rupturw.
AHLBORN House. 319 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel of Saa Francisco;
$1 per day and up; finest meals In city. 23a
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. ITXCX.E HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191.
LIQUOR habit — A simple home core. Address
box 552. San Jose. CaL ; confidential.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonic keeps your
hair beautiful and glossy; 35c bot. Try It.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
SCO Market at., second floor, room 27.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 515 Dupont st.
.LEDERER'S Fnamo Shampoo cleanses tha
scalp and keeps it clean :5c pkg: better boy It.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
Ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores stray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlng.old rold and sliver bought;
tend postal. COLEMAN'S. 5C8 Kearay tt
O. D. MORSE, photographer. 26C« Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stetner 3331.
WALKOVER SHOES. $3 50.
The most style, the most wear, the most fit
ever given in any »hc« for $3 SO; up-to-dats
lasts for men.
Our "High Life" $5 shoe for men is th«
swellest shoe ever sold ln San Francisco for
the price.
WALKOVER SHOE STORE.
F. F. WRIGHT. Prop.
Baldwin Annex. 924 Market St.
Los Angeles Store. Ill South Spring St.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
Btudlo. 11 Geary «t.. ground and top floors.
PHYSICIAAS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. CRANSTON, the rreat specialist, has re-
sumed practice at 1206 Market, cor. Taylor-
offlcea 25 and 26; take elevator. y '
D ,^F- S- O'DONNELL-Ofnce and residence.
102m Market »t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE_CJTY— FO~It~aA~i_
A GRAND BUT- '
Slxth-st. comer; pays S per cent net: $2S 000:
J'fV£.A mortsaK * *="•«» « S per cent: refused
J40.000 one rear ago; stores and 23 rwms
modern building; lot 41x73 f e * t - renta^K'
A. U. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
$r N7^:^l4r^ a .t.? n n:a7r^,Tref°^fr^
good location for flats and near car line an.!
,. in line of cood Improvements: part cash if
M^ntgomcr/ff^ ° W °* r ' S " "" S «""H. " K7
9 " room hous * ln ch0 «« »*cat:<"»
H_ht« ,.**• n JT P'erce, i bloc* from
MODERN houses and flats built at lowes'
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
r.HFTNESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, ccmrr r.f Market and Third streets, open
BStQ 12 o'clock e\ery night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— i:i Montgomery Btrtet.
<rm<-r Clay; open until S:CO p. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until ?:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street: tpen until 9:30 p. m.
ir.41 MiFslon street; open until 10 p. m.
ITCl ilisricn rtreet. corner Sixteenth: open
entil S p. m.
:06 Eleventh rtrret; cpen until 9 p. m.
:0S6 Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
NorthwcFt corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky street*: 01*11 until ? p. m.
MKimXG SOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. l.-F. and A. •
N.. «rtll n-.r-et THIS (THURSDAY) #&
EVKN'IXG July tt. at 7:30 o'clock. Jt/T
. Second C'-pr^f. Hy order of the Master. / »
FKANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
UISEION Charter No. 73. R. A. M^- «
htat.d meeting THIS (TIirRSDAY) -gX-
EVENING 7:3>* o'clock. Mieston Ma- JL_K
y-nic Temple. ?(C$ Mission st_ P. M. /
r.nd M. E tt. d^STees. By order of the H. P.
JNO. H. HILLMAK. Secretary.
FIDELITY L^ope NV. I2«. F. and A. M. m
- Special rae-tnig THIS (THl'HSDAV) «*V_
EVENING at 7:3-> o'clock. Second de- jC3C
gree. FWlow Craft Masons cordially / yr
Invited. By order of the W. M.
PBEPEaiCK BARRY. Secretary.
1>C'RIC Loctje No. 2:6, F. and A. M.— »
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _\
i VENINQ. at 7:20 o'clock. Third de- Vjf
gT»-e Master Mesons are Invited. By f^rl
order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CALF.DONIAN Club of San Fran- >CTv
Cisco. P.eg-u'.ar business meetinr at »JV, uJJ
- .'clock FRIDAY EVENING. Open 't*X&c
rr.eotlr.g for friends at 8:S0, at
which time W. H. BARNES will address the
audience, followed by Eor.es, etc.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
A MT.ETING cf the stockholders of the Peo-
ple's Insurance Company, a corporation or-
ganized under the laws cf the State of Cal-
ifornia, will t*» held Rt the office of Christy
A.- Wite, 212 Panscme st.. San Francisco, Cal.,
at 2 r- m.. FRIDAY, the 27th day cf Ju!y.
JKKi, for the purpose of filling vacancies in
the tM-.^rd of trustees for said corporation and
the transaction of such ether business »s may
properly come liefore such meeting.
A full attendance of the stockholders Is do-
e'.red. By order
JOHN H. WIPE. Vice President.
rRAXK F. 6TOXE. Secretary.
ANNUAL roetttng— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholder* of the Ilakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office of
•he corapany, SJ7 Market St.. s^an Francisco,
1 el., on WEDNESDAY, the 1st day of Au-
cu*t. ISWi at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
for the purpose cf electing a board of di-
rectors to *er\e for the er.»ulnif year ar.d
may come l>e:ure the meeting.
K. H. tJHF.LDOX. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The Ri<drin Iron and Locomotive Works. — The
nnnual meetinc <"( the stockholders of the Ris-
don Iri-n and Locomotive \Vork«. for the elec-
tion of trustees fnr the er.EUinK year an<i the
transaction of such otner buslnep? as may be
l.riupht be/orc th* meeting, will be held ut the
office of the company, southeast corner of Beale
¦nd Howard rtv.Van Francisco, on MONDAY,
Ibe Etn day of August. ISO0, at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
pany, fan Francifcn. July 16, 1J0O.— At a reg-
ular iripetinp of the 15nard of Directors of this {
cntr.pany. held THIS PAY. a dividend was de- ]
clared. payable on and after July IS. lSf.0. ;
LOUIS «T.IXMA.\"N, Secretary.
1X90,004 to loan on diamonds, watch"?, silverware,
•ejJkldns. runs. Unrle Harris, 13 Grant ave.
ACEXTS WASTED.
I2SO0 CAN be n-.ade during next 6 months by
i;uftlir.e agent* handling our white and fancy
rubber collars. cuf?s. bosoms, neckties: pat-r.t-
**d. piisranued ifixvip; inclose stamp fcr spe-
cial plan. M iM. Mfg. Co.. Springfield. Ma*s.
LADY agents war.ted: small capital; SC to J5 I
; er day. Call this week. 2 to S p. in.. SA
Sixth St.. n»ar Market.
AT"OH\KYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market St..
r^ti'.n C~7 : estatet-. damagee, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; ail cases; fair fees;
ro advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no ft^» without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty ax law. kSO Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE ln-e; r.o charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. <C7 Market »t.. opp. Mason, j
I. K. CLAHK. Emma bldg.. S27 Mar- |
k»"t yt.: <-nni=ultation fr»>*: no fe»>s In advance. I
AUTOMOBILES.
Al"K»MO151LI-:s— FRED WARD & SON.
Aper.ts. 4C Fremont et.
CATUYCABl NtT^
ItOniNSOX So. 4-reneI folding; door /opens: flrm
end safe. \V. S. BROWN, gen. ajft.. 426 Ellis.
DCLGIAS HAIICS.
A NTMBER r.i r.ne dews at low prices: bred to
our r.:iett bucks; LORD KDINUORO limp.),
fee $:."•: DUKE OF CLARENCE (Iran.), fe«
jir.; line lot of youngsters from three to five
:a r.ths old from Lord Edinboro and our im-
j«'rtefi <Zj*& with granj color and perfect feet
till round; full line of rabbit suppllet; frc*
literature.
SAN FKA.MtWSCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM C. HAMMOND, MgT.
Office— Sprwkels Market.
Hal.b'.try— 1015 Shotwell »t.
liEU'.lAX HARES'.'.
All the roj.ul.ir 'trains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS-
£CX~IAT:ON. Aiameda. Cal.
LORD FABHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
f.rM prize in Kr.pland. at C14 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION P.ELOIAN IIAP.E SANITARY
IlEAI>Q.i;AnTnii.S: rales da'.ly. 10O9>4 Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HAKE CO..CC9 Col-
der. Gate ave.. S.F.. 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
Jin 1 (L!> For Snle or Exchance.
ALLEN sells new bicycles. J29 to J75; second-
hand one?. V. up. 1S70 Page st.
UUARUI.VU KOIt CHILDREN.
WANTED— «"hild to board; mother's care.
41S4 Natoma Ft., nesr Fifth.
BVhlSRSa CHANCES.
P.— $500; delicacy and dairy produce. la Ala-
meda; rent $?; daily receipts $12; business cs-
tnbl. years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 fr Kearay. J
/ -I17^>: COKXEK srroc^ry and bar on illsston
.t.; pl«ie«» has b^en k^pt by prese:it owner
;.>r ij years and clearing ebovw JIM per
month; ftock and fixtures worth the money,
rail tt. G. WILKE. 2S% Kearny Et.
A »88» HC8TACRAXT and chophouse on
water front; rent J15; bargain. It. O. WILKE.
!(.'»; Kearny Ft.
A-JCO; BAKERY establ. many yean ln lively
country towr. : place do'.n^ a splendid bu«i-
r««; rent ?20: elcfcness of proprietor only
cause cf sale: fullest Investigation solicited.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny Bt.
A-t:::/': PARTNER wanted In old-establ. cor.
grocery ard bar on Third «t. ; dally receipts
jr.a; r*-t!rin<c partner had to leave for north;
rent H2: lfas-»: rare chance. See R. O.
WILKE. K% Kearny et.
A^ J3:P; ELEGANTLY fitted ealoon; established
years: in large private hotel; rent $40; loca-
tion 2 blocks from Market et. H. O. WILKE.
2CVfr Kearny Ft-
A- t< r *9; CORNER grocery ar.d bar; established
years end known as a .noney making place;
t.est location: close to Chronicle tulidine. See
R. O. WILKT. 26H Kearny ct.
A— %11W: COP.NER: wine and Mquor rtore: only
cue block from Market; rent $;0; horse,
warm ard a larpe stock; pplendld paying
raTe". Roe II. «. WILKE. 26'4 K-amy et.
A— SIM; clear Ftorc; laundry office mere than
pays expenses: good trade; fine location. Pa-
cine Hjsir.rcs Exchance. 1016 Market st.
RSS^-BRAXCH bakery; 2 livlns room*; cheap
rfnt; Felling on account of departure; neat
place. P.icirtc Exchange, 1016 Market 6t
rill'IT Ftore; trade $12 to JI0 p»r diy; good
lir.rso, *.arroii nnd harness; must be ncld; price
1300. Parific Kxchanre. 1016 Market Rt.
$O— CORNER rrrocery and bar; good location;
2 rooms; suitable for man and wife; worth
tTXK). LfNDIN & CO.. 873 Market St.. r. 1J.
POOB BAUOCWC. 1 blrvk from Market ft. ; flx-
ti:res and Ff.ck worth J1S 1 *): Rood reason fnr
selling. J. Lundla «• Co., 873 Market Ft., r. 12.
52.V*_NICE <-ar.dy. Icecream, clear and sta.tton-
ery s'ore in fine location: large stock; fine
l.usirvss; «-hear> rent. LAKE & CO.. SC3 Mkt.
A— 5 s A LOON: water front; map; this
<l:.y. COWING A: OO.. 713 MuTicct Et.
OKIAH store. S16 Ptanyan St.. for sale.
WHAT tvIM you exchange for L»pal Tender
mining shares rt Chlcapo? Box 106. Call.
STortn to r»nt. suitable for !>arb«r shop and
rlcrr?: opp. where new depot will be. 6J3
Fourth Ft.
PAYING saloon: very reasonable price. Inquire
LEMLF. LEVT CO.. 2nS-«!S Third et.
FOR KALE— An old-established paint shop.
Tvlth pood ft'tefc. I30C Powell st.
BARBER Fhrp for saU; 3 chairs,* en Geary st.
Apply 2 OFcrrell ••,OCEAN STEAMER:
NEW YORK— Arrived July 18— Stmr Ems,
from Genoa and Naples.
HAMBUKO-Arrlved July 18-Stmr Hathor,
from S'.n Francisco.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 18— Stmr Phoe
nicia, fiom New York.
BOSTON— Sailed July 18— Stmr New England,
for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July IS— Strar Gros
ser Kurfurst. from Bremen, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 18— Stmr Ultonla,
from Boston.
Sailed July IS— Stmr Columbian, for New
York; stmr Michigan, for Boston; stmr Waes
land, for Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 18— Stmr New
York, from Xew York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Arrived July IS— U S stmr Thomas,
hence June 16.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 14— Br bark Ivan
hoe, from Honolulu.
ANTWEUP-Arrived July 16-Ger ship Mar-
Eretha. from Oreecn. ;
PEAL- Passed July 17— Br ship Rajore, from
BUCnVHEAD— Passed July 37— Ger ship Chill.
from Oregon, for ; Br bark Belmont, from
Oregon, for Queenstown.
FALMOUTH— Sailed July 16— Br ship Kel
burn. for Hull.
NANAIMO— Arrived July 17— Nor stmr Tlta
nla. hence July 12.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Washtenaw, for San
Francisco.
HAMBURG— Arrived July IS— Ger etmr Ha
thor. hence March 23.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 12— Br stmr Queen
Adelaide, from Seattle.
QUEENPTOWN— Arrived July 18— Br »hip
Belmont, from Oreeon.
Sailed July 18— Br ship Cromdale, for Blrk
enhead.
QUAYMAS -Sailed July 17— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July IS.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, 4 days from Co
mox.
Br stmr Belgian Kins. 'Weiss, hence July 17,
for Seattle, returned on account of being In
collision with Nor Etmr Tellus July 17, off
Point Arana.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, hours from Eureka.
" DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived July lS-Schr Western
Home, hence July 1.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco.
• NOME — Sailed July 4^ — Schr Vega, for Se
attle.
In port July 4— Schr Vine, schr San Buena
ventura, ship Dashing Wave, schr Altair, bark
Theobold. schr Fred E Sander and schr Al-
GOLOVIN BAY— In port June 28— Schr J..B
Leeds.
HONOIAJL-r— Arrived June 15-Schr Serena
Thayer. from Furefca.
To sail July 14- Ship Ersklne M Phelps, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 18— Ship Cyrus
Wakefleld, hence July 4.
Sailed July 17— Ptmr Signal, for Astoria: stmr
Brunswick, for Eureka; stmr Ohio, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived July 16— Schr
Henry Wilson, hence July 1.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 18-Schr Noko
mis. for St Michael.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 18— Stmr Del Norte,
from Coos Bay.
Sailed July IS— Fr bark Marechal Villlera, for
Queenstown.
BOWENS LANDING- Arrived July lS-Schr
Mary Etta, hence July 13.
SAN r>I EGO— Sailed July 13— Bark Vldette,
for Port Townsend.
VENTURA— Arrived July lS-Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence July 17, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA — Arrived July IS— Stmr Empire,
from Coos Bay: Etmr Orizaba, hence July 17.
Sailed July IS— Stmr Empire, for San Fran-
Cisco. ¦ ' *
PORT LOS AXGELES-Salled July IS— Stmr
Alcp.zar. for San Francisco.
TTSAL— Arrived July IS— Stmr Rival. henc»
July 17.
KHAULUI— Arrived July 6— Schr Eva, hence
July 14.
LAHAIN'A— Arrived June 20— Ship Paramlta,
from Nanaimo. •
ELEELE, Kanai— Sailed July 4— Bark Hes
per. for Port Townsend. .
NF.AH BAY— Passed July IS— Stmr EUhu
Thomson, from Nome, for Seattle.
EASTERN PORT.
XEW YORK— Arrived July 17— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Advance, for Colon.
Builders' Contracts.
Lizzie Schultz (owner) with W. E. Grant
(contractor), architect J. F. Dunn— All work
except painting and mantels for alterations and
additions to a two-story frame building on N
line of Bush street, 137:6 W of Mason, W 28 by
N 137:6; 11393.
Hale Brothers (Incorporated) (owners) with
John Simmen (contractor), architects Reid
Brothers — Interior store fixtures for first story
of store buildlns now In process of. erection on
S line of Market street, between Fifth and
Sixth, commencing about 78 feet from Sixth:
$11,161.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Ten.
The Original Little Louisiana Company
of San Francisco. Numbers For
<Ju!y 14, I9OO.
No. 87516 wins J.oW, sold In San Francisco.
Cal.; No. 77241 wins $2000, sold in Petaluma,
Cal. ; No. 2693 wins $1000, sold In San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 60325 wins t',00. sold in San Francisco.
Cal.; Xos. S6S4 and 42045 each wins S250. (sold In
San Francisco; Nos. 4500. 4944, 10433, 17038 and
69729 each wins $100, sold In San Francisco,
Cal. . * •
Stanford Bennett, representing the mer
chant creditors who furnished materials
and labor for the construction of the Hall
of Justice, had a conference with Auditor
Wells yesterday and it was agreed that
the claims, which were compromised on
a basis of 70 per cent, must have the
s'g-nature of Bateman Bros., the original
contractors, affixed thereto before the Au
ditor will audit them. That official will
treat the claims as claims assigned after
the Batemans have countersigned them.
Hall of Justice Claims.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
13
Enlarged to 16 Pages
61. per- Year*
WEEKLY CALL
BOSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Agt.
Los Aaceles. Cal.
AND BOSTON.
The finest, fastest and best equipped train
out of Chlcag-o. with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for superior accommodation*.
FROM
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
WABASH
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL, P. DONOVAN. M«T.
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
THROUGH TRAIN:
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way «ta-
Uona.
3:15 p. ». Saturdays— Cazadero and w«y «t»-
tions.
6:15 p. a. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:60 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*. ;2
12 MS p. m. Buniays— Point Reyes aa4 way
stations.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. 'SiSO, 9:39, U:0O a. m.t
12:45. 'IMS. 3:13, 4:15, '5:15, 6:15. 6:«o p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Su
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sunday*, at 9:00 and 11:15 p. m.
6U>!DAYHS-7:C0. *8:00, »9 :00. '10:00, 11:00, H;j«
a. m.: 12:45, *l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00, 6:00. 7:20
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sub-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.
FHOM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI9CO
WEEK DAYS-5:35. *«:30, T:CO. S:40. '10:15 •!
an.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15, *3:SO. 4:30. B:SO p. m
EXTRA TRIPS - on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:20 pi m
SUNDAYH-6:l5. *S:CO. ?3:50. •11:00 a, m".- «i2-oo
m.; l:C0, 2:15. »3:30. 4:20, »5:45. «:45. 7:30". io!io
p. in.
Trains marked <*) »tart from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO
WEKK DAYS-5-.53. 6:43. »:C0. S:55, 10:30 i"
m.; 11:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:S0. 4:50. 6:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday?. . Wedncsdava
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. V*"
BUNDATS-6:35. 8:05. 10:05. U:10 a. rn.; lj-li,
1:20 2:W. J:45, 4:55, 6:15, 7:05, 10:30 p. m
AND SAN RAFAEL.
FROM BJLS FRANCISCO TO MILL ViAUJBT
~ Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 130*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
[£7"Funeral services this day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 2507 Howard
street. Interment private.
MARX— In this city. July 17, 1900, Samuel, be-
loved son of Flora and the late Kamuel Marx,
and brother of Mrs. J. M. Rothchild, Mrs. S.
Frledenrleh and Henry, Ralph E. and Mel-
ville Marx, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years.
C^Funeral to-mnirow (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of Mr. J. M. Roth-
child, 1700 Broadway, thence by 11:30 o'clock
train to Home of Peace Cemetery.
1IOTZ— In Tuscan Spring. July 16, 1900, Henry,
husband of Katie A^nes Motz (nee McDon-
ald), a native of Alsace, aged 71 years 11
months and 17 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NAGEL— In this city. July 16. 1900, Marie
Rosalea Xasel. beloved wife of J. Nagel,
mother of Mrs. W. Thomas and Josephine
Natsel and sister of Mrs. J. Tanke. Mrs. N.
Burken of Watsonville, Mrs. N. Britz of
Eakersfleld and Mrs. A. Koehncke, a nativa.
of Berlin. Germany, aged 41 years.
ir^Fripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ttfe funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence 111314 Bryant street, thence to St.
Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1419
Howard ureft, where services will be held,
commencin? at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KYE-ln this city. July 18. 1900. Dwlght B.,
beloved husband of the late Annie M. Nye,
and father of F. D. and W. R Nye, a native
of Massachusetts, aped 60 years and 11
' months. (Massachusetts papers please copy.)
[C7*The funeral will take nlace to-morrow
(Fridav) at llM o'clock, from the residence
of his'son. F. D. Nye, 12 Prosper street, off
Sixteenth, between Sanchez and Noe. Inter-
ment private.
OT'RBLTN— In San Rafael, July IS 1900. Inga.
E Ourblin, beloved daughter of Mrs. A. E.
Ourblin a native- of San Francisco, aged 20
yearn 9 months and 19 days.
PEDEN— In this city, July IS, 1900, Louisa,
dearly beloved daughter of "William J. and
the late- Jane T. Peden. and sister of George
T and William J. Pcden Jr. and Mrs. Neil
Cameron, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years.
SCT1WERIN— At reEt. In this city, July IS, 1S0C.
Henry Schwerin, dearly beloved father of
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the- parents. 18SG McAllister street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEON— In this city. July IS. 1M0, Peter, be-
loved husband of Mary McKeon, and father
of Mary and John McKeon and Mrs. W. G.
McKecn, a native of County Longford, Ire-
land, aped 73 years and 2 months.
MXltONBT— In Benicia. Cal., July IS. 1S00.
Elizabeth V. Maroney, beloved daughter of
Margaret and the late Thomas Maroney, an<2
beloved sister of Mrs. William J. Archer, a
native of Benicia, Cal.. aged 17 years.
MARSH— In thie city. July 17, 1900. Henry F.
Marsh, father of H. F. Marsh Jr., Fred D.,
Charles C, J. Alfred and May D. Marsh and
Mrs. Julia M. Lawton. a. native of Boston,
Mass., aged 61 "years 8 months and 15 days.
(Boston papers ulease copy.)
GT7Frierils and acquaintances are respect-
fully i:ivite«l to attend the funeral this day
<Thursd.iv). at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1-S Perry street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MrDF.RMOTT— In this city. July IS. 1900, Mary.
. bPlovf-1 daughter of Patrick J. and Kate Me-
Dermctt, a native of San Mateo County, aged
10 mr.nths.
[rTTrler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this nay (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 13 Silver street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric car from
Second and Bryant streets.
LOIT.HRAX- In this city. July 17. 1900, Mabel
J., bploved &nd only child of Thomas and
Jennie Loughran, and Rranddauphter of
Frank and the late Mary McNally and Pat-
rick and the late Sarah LouRhran. a native of
Snn Francisco, aged 3 years and 14 days.
C7"Funerai Uiia day (Thursday).
LAUDER-rln this city. July 17, 1900. Alexan-
rtrina Ina, dearly beloved wlfp of John Lau-
d»r. and lovine mother of John, Mattle and
Elsie Ruth Laudcr, a native of Aberdeen,
Scotland, aired 36 years 2 months nnd 11 days.
£"5"Fun«'ral' to-morrow (Friday), at 10:15
o'clock, from her late residence, 70S Gough
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FREEMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
man. a' native of California, aged 9 days.
GF.TTKNP— In this city, July 18, 1900, Daniel
Gptt<vs, late nf Dobbins. Yuba County, Cal.,
a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
KOARK-In the City and County Hospital.
July 1?. lf<oo. Henry Hoare, a native of Eng-
land, aged 54 years. ¦ .
KINPTRY-In Bfniois, July 17, 1900, Thomas
T. Kinstry. a native of New York City. N.
"ST., acr-d SO years 11 months and 17 days.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
full'/ Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. M^tzler. 636 Washlnprton street.
thence to *\~ Putter street, where services will
be heid. commencing at 10 o'clock, thence to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriages for cre-
mation.
FORRES-In this city. July IS. 1900. Fannie R.
Forbe*. beloved dauehter of Ruth and the late
J. K. Selleck. a native at California.
tT7Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
<Frldav>. at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F.
and A. M. Interment Xetional Cemetery,
I'roBlillo. Please omit lowers.
CHCICE-In this city, July 17, 1900. Hinekley
Benjamin Choice, a native of England, aged
50 year*.
CRAXF.n— In this city. Adclph P., beloved hus-
band of Caroliene Craner, and father of Mrs.
S. Baruch. Mrs. M. Moses. Mrs. J. T. Burtch-
aol and Fhlllp J. Craner. a native of Ger-
rrahy.
DOKEKT— In this city. July 17, 1900. Henry
C. Dohert. beloved husband of Katharlna
Dnbert, and father of Henry C. and Willie A.
T'obert, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
43 yosrs 2 months and 3 days.
ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of his
parrnts. Bin Sixteenth street, Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
BREEX— In Oakland. July IS, 19C0. Allen, son
of John and Josephine Breen, brother of John
H.. James and 'William Flreen. and cousin nf
Henry J. and Edward Curry of Martinez. Cal.,
a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 22 years and
! days.
BtTCK— In this c>ty, July 17. 1S00. Georse. dearly
beloved husband of Mary A. Buck, and father
of Mnmle L... George E. and David J. Buck.
BARRY— In this city. July 18, 1900, Nellie, be-
loved daughter of James and the late Ellen
Barry, and beloved sister of Mollie, Nettie
and T.lllie Darry, Mrs. \V. J. Rlley and the
late Tellie Barry, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years. .
BOOTH— "in Oakland. July 17. 1900. Edsar. be-
loved child of Charles S. and C. Lorena Booth,
a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 2 years 8
months and IS d.iye.
Barry, Nellie McKecn. Peter
Booth, Edgar Maroney. Elizabeth
Breen, Allen Marsh, Henry F.
Buck, Georpe Marx, Samuel
Choice, HincUley B. Motz, Henry
Craner. Ado!i>h P. . Nagel. Marie R.
l>obert. Henry C. Nye, Dwieht B.
Forbes. Fannie R. Ourblin, Insa E.
Freeman Clnfant) Peden, Louisa
Omens, Daniel Pchwerin, Henrv
Hoare. Henry Febastiani, Rev. T.
Kinstry. Thomas T. Kinder, Leonard
I-auder. Alexandrina M'balP-n, Jeremiah "W.
IxmRhran, Mabel J. . Zwaal, Andrew
McDermott, Mary
DIED.
MARRIED.
SPINK— TWITCH ELL-In this city. July 15.
19P0. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Janes E.
Spink and lizzie V. Twltchell.
BORN.
SHERIDAN— In this city. July 15, 1900. to the
wif«> of Robert J. Fheridan. a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the rublication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have th« same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
94108
The Santa Fe takes you
clear to Kansas City over
its own road. You deal with
one outfit. You get good
treatment from start to fin-
ish, and when you get home
if anything is wrong the
Santa Fe is right there to
fix it. Santa Fe is at both
ends and you don't have to
write clear across the coun-
try to find out why it hap-
pened, to you.
628 Market St.
or Ferry Depot.
Old
Missouri
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Class "G." Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C.A.,
Saturday, July 14, 1900.
No. Prlze.lNo. Prlze.lNo. Prize.
63..' 16! 157 241 270 2*
:S5 4D 414 2lj 701 16
974 40 1035 161 1463 16
1E83 24| 1744 40 1S31 129
1536 16 2073 40 2113 24
21S4 16! 22S5 16 231» ¦ 4">
2400 16 262S 24 2640 IS
2644. 24] 2R93 40O) 2713 120
2800 161 2920 24 2SD3 '. 1«
323? 241 32S1 16 3352 16
33SO 40 3163 40 3465 16
3505 40 3523 15 3934........ 16
3975 40| 3S95 24 40S3 SO
4089 16 4148 16 4162 15
4322 16 4516 24 4601 M
4626 24 4634 120 4641 16
4747 40 4789 120 4799 1G
4S73 24 4930 4* 4944 400
4996 • .16 K022 16 5111 16
5213 161 5319 40 5329 16
5346 40] 5638 40 &C*6 16
6756 40 5S04 16 5609 24
6194 24 6312 40 G462 16
6522 24 6524 SO C646... 4?
679S 24 7003 24 7107 16
7197 24 7295 40 7S27 40
7442 120 7303 24 7522 16
7623 16 7745 16 7772 IS
7850 ¦ ?3 S065 l*j 8171 16
8226 18 $287 16 .8292 40
8564 24 8589 16! S<>75 2*
86S4 1000 S725 16 SS53 SO
SO.V) -16 91SS.. 24 921S 24
S224 16 8555 24 9S52 4')
$903 16 10183 16 101S6 45
10240 lfiilO310 18110341 .... 40'
10433 400J105U7 4i>it0fi51 24
10701 24|10703 16 10719 It
10S25 4o|lOS50 16 10S70 SO
11023 18U1120 16 1130S 15
11318 24111324 16 11377 16
11453 16111494 40 115i>5 16
11534 4*11339 2* 11S16 4*
11948 40 115S0 16 12044 40
12370 I6UJ421 80 12439 16
12479... 16(12663 24 12716 40
12725 40J127S2 24 12S2S 40
12S98 24112303 24 12941 40
13085 24113137 40 133S3 120
13435 16113633 « 13S31 3(5
13S5O.. ...... 40)13976 16U3392 16
14104 16 14147 16114253 24
14285: 16|14294 1SI14313 40
1452S..: 16[14670 4OJ14752 16
15053 24115063 16J15107 24
15113... 16115226 18115247 45
152S3 16 152*5... 80115450 24
15673 2J 1573S 16U5S04 16
15S18 24 15859.. 40|158C7 1«
16448 16 16456 16i 16705 11
16737 2-4 16S37 24[l6S:S 24
16S66 24 16831: 16I17ODS 400
1737S ]6 174S1 16117512 24
17766 24 17850 '.... 80 17SG5 4Q,
1S212 24 1S223 16 1S253 21
15276 16I1S471 24 18622 40
1S630 16J18766 16 18893 16
189S7 120119012 16 19293 16
1930S 40119350 16I19126 24
19472 80I1S653 24119702 16
1?S73 16!2nO€5 24120264 1«
20279 S0I2O2S8 1SI20400 16
20425 40I2C572 16i2OS97 1«
21079 S012H47 40!21215 18
21262 1612127S 24(21284 24
21418 — v... 80121460 16121549 4D
21555 40121758 lCi:i776 40
22106 40J22112.. 16I22129 SO
22465 40J2257S 24I22S41 40
22648 24I22659 24S22727 SO
22733 16123006 16I23CSS 16
23142 .". 120123161 40123301 24
23434 24IS3722 16124068 1<5
24104 2424.-21 18 24597 in
24398 24i24860 16 I 246«4 16
24890 24I24SA6 S0I230S0 36
25117 162ol.1l 80 ; 2o3<V> 1:J
258" 1G<2o3S2 40:2.'.44S 16
254o2 1HI25490 16 2."49i> 15
2.-.5S2 24'25626 162.-.7M 16
25R13 40:25551 40 :3!M? 120
26004 R0 26276 24 :63TO 16
26451 1GI264S9 24:6537 16 j
2GC09 24'25792 16 .20*54 24
2K947 40>»7IM2 16117158 15
273C9 40'27373 -.. lf»27J23 lh
27332 24|275?4 162761S 40 1
27SS5 SO'27709 I«f27868 24'
27872; 40127927 16 27S33 24
2S026 16I2S149 40 2S203 40
2S345 W2S4S4 16 ! 2«,"tt2 120
2*572 40I2W76 16:2*615 24
28S37 24:28865 21 12*869 15
2.W7 24!2»23 16129116 , 24
20194 1SI29243 16i293. i ?0 16
29309 40i29S27 16J23609 21 i
2?61« 24'29642 1(5 29755 40 I
297S9 2429791 16 29S3S 10
30015 -¦ 4A3G161 UMZ2S 24
30K93 24130712 181.10803 IS !
30S52 lfil30S!X) 40130930 Srt !
310SS 16131R34 1C31S79 18
315S1 16!32CSO.. ...... 16:32176 24
322S8 $0!32301 4032.'314 16
323S4 R0K419 24I32335 16
3261« 16 r 32fi41 IB 32S42 IB'
32<?fi!> l«;32S20 16 I 32SS1 12,1
32TX"i4 1S32974.1 12n ; 329S3 IS
33W« lfi;33TS8 18133133 24
331S9 1SI3320S..' W?MH\ ;«
33427 40133444 1«I3357S...» 24
33759 16133843 24'->?.995 16
33997 120 34017 16:34029 16
34273 40l343*n 120 343S0 15
344H4 24344S4 40:34570 40
34601 16134679 16134803 16
34816 4O!34927 16 34974 40
33067 1* 35OPfi 15135182 1G
35244 16 35304 40135427 24
35512 24IS5562. ..;.... 40)35577 16
35631 16'33SB4 16'3fi034 40
3C16S 2436209 24-SC2.-4 24
36312 24i36401 16135454 .... 24 I
36565 16J365SS 16136592 14
36633 SO 37031..% 24137113 40
371R5 4037137 l«l37207.. 40
37324 1S137341 4ni37tI23 IS
37«4<? 4O'-37«91 40137S70 40
37924 16'3S17(i 243S232 2*
3S2G4 40i3S2S8 40I3S3S7 40
3S462 24138585 16I3S642 16
3SG94 16!3S7f>fi 24 38839 16
39111 24139326 16139347 16
39.154 24(39364 24533549 24
39566 24139800 15139752 16
3PS50 24139317 £0|3M41 15
39972 16139990 1C140142.. SO
40296.. $0 40529 ; 40140660... IS
40663 16140752 24140763.. IS
40S73 40140340 16140359 ]S 1
41101 24 41130., 16141592 24 !
41725 40|41S92 16J41933 24
41990 16142009 24142036 24
4207S S0I42167 16 42349 <o
42309 40!42549 16 42639 16
42S44 -24142943 1000 43O9S. 24 I
43112 40143373 24 433S7 IS i
43499 24 43523 16143919 40
43927 16 44000 16)44014 40
44040 40 44136 16144153 40 I
44207 40 44216 40|44232 gr> I
44311 24 44372 241443S0 ]»
44396... 40144431..; 1614445? •>< I
44503 24 44734 24144914 24
44993 16 45033 24143229 15
43311 4045312 16145476 16
45639 ¦ 40 45770 SO 45SS2 40
45970 16 46012 24 46C2O is
46199 SO 46219 16 46393 SO
46420 16 46.190 40 40719 24
J6734 40 465515 24 46S21 Z t
4CS35 24 46505 16 45319 40
16930 16 455SO £0146998.. ...... jg
17201 24(47243 16 47511 21
47601 16:47613 24
47763 15 47778 24 47S74 ]G
4792S IC 47923 16 48011 24
48011 16 4S149 16I482M.; i«
4S334 ' 16 4S3S8 4OU846S £•>
4S485. ....... 24 4S533 24 4S551 if
48016 1648763 24 48821 S n
1S992 PO 49028 24 49129 24
49142 40 43241 16 49296 J«
49462 16J4WS8 24 49324 J6
49633 16 49669 40 49706 i«
49713 15J49SS9 16 50004 J6
50051 40io0119 24 50160 is
50315 24 50452 1« 5*>o33 16
50840 80 50S47 SO 50SS0 is
50902 . 24150942 24 30954 16
51009 15I510S0 40 51120 "1
51J21 16151171 1651183 24
512S5 40J512S9 is|&1291 16
-,1437 40514S2 1C151497 24
51516 16151576 16 51635 so
31674 3GI31910 HI619I5 16
52235 16! 52633 JW.-.M46 24
52709 40:52723 24'52734 <o
52826 24!."25S2 J6:533SS SO
5C671 40153847.. 16 53979 24
54078 16I541C5 M 541S2 "4
513:6 16154700 16154783 ]fi
i4SI2.. 80155045 40J5521S $0
5T.246. 24."-277 SO ,"^7 16
n£6rt7 .... 18J5S65S 40153657 go
r,o6S3 40:556.12 .... SO 35710 24
557G5 1S135-S36 16!D."833 ifi
55919........ 16J5627S 24154324 16
t,G567 40IS602O M'r.«fi41 24
S66S3 4Oi56744 40'56S69 M>
56902.. lClf6D.":2 S0!n«351 40
57C33 40157052 16 57193 i;o
57326 16I57370... 16 57549 is
57640 40[57647 24157716 u
5772? 16'577S4 1657S27 16
E7S44 :.. 24:37529 40137997 24
58096 24138107 24158185........ 24
DS237 18i.-J24?. 36:58309 :g
ES384. 24U0OA7 1615927* 4")
5&3S1 40.593S2 : <0|S9387 i«
59450 S9I59554 40139565 ic,
59607. 115J6S6 24139776 ;»
B9R65 24!60m 16160214 -4
60224 16X0323 2000150534........ 24
BOBOO 18'fiW!79 24J607M 24
C0789 ,16161030 40161046 jg
5U52 181C1300 1661384 24
S1397 24161428 1S.'614;S ic
B1464 16161640 40!61697 21
C1734 16!81760 40161944 40
62106.. 80162134 .16162162 so
62*215 15|f2351 24162401 16
B2452. .—.... 24162484........ W62516 41)
RI334 16162339 SO «2503 40
52644 16182649 16.62f.69. 24
E>GS4.-. 24'62732 lfi ! 62910 ic
E3Cis 24IG3ino.; .. 40i63134 16
5S195... 24163209.. 16U3441 u
53SS4.. 24!«3<33 R0I63SR8... ...... i4
53915 16163941 24Cr.9r,2 18
54032 15I64C6S. J»0',C4116 24
54129........ 24!64196.. 40:64317.. ;j
!4420 24164478 16164581 16
M«» •" 241 1 . ' 1
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
NUMBERS
——OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
REAL ESTATE CITY KOIl SaLE.
Tt'lTLE. M0 Market et. Tel. Black 3:71.
577."* — 3 new flits; Western Addition; rent JSO;
1: at hie etej:s.
J07.COT — Investment bldg.. new; inc<-me J7000
year; lot Il'^xl37;6; car-'-aliFt!", Investigate.
152,000 — 3 houses, 10-room; Turk, near Polk;
l.^r.t J12i.
fl3.T«0ff— Jon*>»,nr.Turk; pr*>at future; 27:6x107:6.
CJC.SC&— Howard, r.epr l?t; 2.'xl&S; rer.t *1.T>.
5"'"'-Xow 6-room cottage. Western Addition.
%::,'->— 9-roon:: electricity and jras; Z ruanteU;
r.iarb!" steps; juf-t completed; W. Addition.
S<2' J '—t-TiK>zn oottac*: Western Addition.
yjt'-t) — X"W ?-ro.-,rn house; dining-room oak
CnSsh«d: electricity ar.d bus; S mantels; West-
ern Addition.
$<tw>-4 fiats: rent J4S; Harriet et.
::":*—? icon: cottage; Funset District.
I. " • — • rocta cottage; rear Golden Gate Park.
SS. lV — 4 flats; Teharna, near Firet; rent WO.
K5G0— 7 rooms; up-to-date; Western Addition.
*<.:c— S rccmt and baih; electricity and gas;
Western A.'diticn.
(3250— Western Addition; modern 7-rm. house.
Ji'.ft^— :th, near Market; 50x71.
glC.000— 3 new flats; rent $H3; dofvntowr..
1 2750— 10-rooin : lot SfvioO; Western Addition.
TJCILDING- LOTS.
;yj<r, — Cclifctr.1.1. r.ear 2d ave.
tT'^— Corner Wailer and Steiner; EOxlOfi.
FOL GETZ & RP.nTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now !s the time to buy while urices axe low.
UtO to tSOO— Sur.set lots, pewered and graded;
ell ready to build on; in excellent locations; J10
mostaly.
J250 to S300 — Cno'ceEt Richmond lots; HO
TT.or.thly.
175 to SSOO— Bu'.Mir.ff lets near Mission st. and
Fan Vateo ele?tr;c cars and Ocean View; all
level; no cra<l:r.g; JS monthly.
$G0 to JlOO" fcr frr.all cottages In excellent
locations r.ear cars: pryments same as rent.
Call for maps and diagrams.
FOX- GETZ A- HHOTIIER.
ROOM "A. 1 " CROCKER BUILDING.
A~Trt.EN-Din harpain: only Si"00 f->r a choice
Imtlmi corner; hou«>=? all around: «!ze 32:6x
lCt; NE. oor.Priint Lnl.os and Eleventh fives :
1 rick sewers in: all street work done and now
¦uriier charge cf the Park Commissioners ; lot
<-o«t $4",00.
Here :s a chance crTerefl tn those tinder m!-
8ri"« to ir-aVe more than they fave in 2 or 3
y»r.rF' salary- I can arrange for installment
loan in easy payments: the property can be
rrs.1e to brine in Income at oti<-«. as a grocer
wants the buyer to r"' U F » building under a.
l^a'e. W. J. GT.'NN, E30 California et.
FOR jr R ie--<~"hear: tC-i^'t lot. 4 living rooms
and rrocery store. Apply -910 San Bruno road.
A RF.FIPFNCE on Harrison St.. near broad-
rauce. Ofikland: POM. Address Box l$?>9. Call.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
IF you war.t a ccnuine bargain see this flr.e
stock firm; CPO acres: near R. R, town; 25
rr.MeF from this city; price about cost cf im-
provements for quick sale to close an estate;
photographs and full particulars this office.
II. H. CRANE, EOS California et.
I\OFS Valley house, ten rocrr.s and outhouses.
If.nre grounds with shade trees, near station:
*s"e ct rent: also acreage tracts, wooded. J200
JSf-0 an «.cre. JAMES TUXSTEAD, San An-
f'iBO.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3000 ranche* on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents in this city.
X. D. SICKELS. the land agent. € Geary.
A PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market;
city and country tnopeily sold and exchanired.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
t-.5<yv>— THREE sice eottairef and cne-half ln-
terert la ccmer brick b'-ililnjr; all rented; lo-
cated rood tewn. near Sacramento: exchange
for city Improwl cr unimproved property.
Pur.set. 525 Montpnmery st.. rooms 3 an<i 4.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful larjre. rooms, wide hall,
etatlonery tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished fcr housekeeping; hot and cold water;
ras ar.d telephone; new house; fine vierv;
l-.ealthy locatlcr.; in a small, rrivate family:
r.o cbiiire^ war.tei; rer.t reasonable. 4T31
TTK-entlcth ct.. near Castro.
IIDDY. CZ4— 2 nicely furnished runny front
rocrr.s con-.plete for houspkeepir.fr.
KDDT. EI7— Xicely furnished sunny connecting:
housekeeping rooms; splendid location.
FIFTH. 853— 2 fiats, 8 rrcs. ea.. furn. for house-
f? kpg. tO ar.d J14: filso 1 for $7: single U and $5.
keeping; also single room fcr gentleman. 650
Howard st.
GOLDEN GATE «.ve.. 439-Pari-r floor and
other rnorr.t; furnished or unfurnished; prl-,
vat»> family.
HTDE, 3f31— 3 sur.ny ccnriectlr.g roorr.s furni.'b-
ed f or houfrkeerir.K: 2 beds, ccal stove: $15.
JKSSIE. 83S. cpr- Emporium— 5 or 3 furnished
- rf^tmi for housekeeping t separate entrance.
LARKIN, 1004 near Post— Newly furnished
•anay rcoms; light hcusekpf ; small rm?., Jt.
US ROT r'-ace. 114. off Pacramento, bet. Jon.'-s
and Leaver.worth — S eunny housekeepins
rooms nice yard.
LEWIS, :8. off Taylor, near Po*t-3 furnished
ar.d 2 ur.fumished.
MARKET. ltSS, bet. SUi and Sth — 2 runny con-
nect !r.K rooms; rartre. water, sink; $S to $10.
MINNA. C«-?ur.r.y furnished front houFekeej.-
ir.g ar.d single rooms; 75c and $1 week.
MISSION'. S4* — 2 or 3 nice rooms; complete for
housekeeping.
NATOMA. :?4. r.ear 4th-J furnished house-
keeping rooms; water, sir.k. closet.
OAK. i:V-LRr«re eunny front rm., closet. rani?e.
furnished for housfkreping. Jp; smaller rm..J8.
OAK. ll.'i— Two nicely furnished roorr.s for
housekeeping: use of laundry; |!0.
fir.VER. ICE. near Fourth— Parlor and kitch»n
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
FTXTH. 1^-Fror.t «cd back parlor?; suitable
fcr office; elso rooms for light housekeeping.
IEKTHi ~Ct — Front bay-window furnished
rocme.
THIRD. ISZ-SuriTiy furnished front room for
hoMHrkoerir.g; reasonable; also other rooms.
TtrnK, 727—2 eunny unfurnished rooms and
kitchen with ttove; private family; reason-
able.
WEBSTER. UIX nr. Sutter— 2 furnished rooms;
T-ivate (amily; u»e of kitchen If desired.
KOOSiS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrs.
A KEFI.VED youn? woman about to move into
a many inod»rn Cat. central location. desir>«
cne cr two ccripenia! young womea to room
with her; references exchanged. Address ;
_MISS J. W.. 1219 Deviradero et.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
I5c to Jl per night, $1 25 to 15 per week, and
light hrusekeeping; open all night.
BCaXETT, 142« Market st. (old No. 1C64)— Fur-
n:thed rm».. suites, single: r.luo unfurnished.
EDDY, C14— I^rje desirable room for gentle-
man; closet: rurning water; bath; 'phone-
rrivate family.
KOLSOM. f«5. cor. Cth <"The Ol!vor>— Newly fur-
n.ehed eunny roc-tns. sir. pie or mites : reasonbl.
GEARY, 40 j (The Navarre>-Eiegantly furnished
rooms; Buites or single; travelers acco' dated.
OP. AM) SOUTH ERX. southeast correr .Seventh
ano Mission Tts. — Sunny rooms, en puite or
jingle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— E>srant suites; single; tran-
tlent_^ baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
liOWARD. 9SS, cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
_ roo;nt rea*ona.ble; by day. week or month.
MAHKnT. IK'2-Sunny front rooms; furnished
cr ur.rurr.ithed.
MINNA, ccr. cor. Hishih-New furnlfh-d bay-
*UAew roog. q per week; transient. j
*•"££!& l f &-Sunny front Toota to let; 15 peri
n.onth: private family. {
°'F.£ KKr: T- L - zdsunr.y furnished rooms rnd i
T><^^b Srf* 6 ". «**M rm,.; suites or sin-
gic. trans. ent^runr,.r;g water; rates reduced. |
' B 2SP^, H 2 Wt 319 "and~Ml VL\\\% st.-RooniN
right. -^J^i^^t^Jl 25 to U: bpen night.
*%*£*', TI 2 USE - u * E >'»« «t.-IncaJide*c*-"nT j
jj^nt. reading rxm. smoking room and ladies' I
parlor: r«- x ,rns. per night. 25c to $1 I'): week. J2
to tf : r.sr.nth. » to %V,; «!evator on offlre floor;
room* wk^Jiot_a?id_coid water; baths.
P^f A t M ? XTO - M ~ X * at rooms;
pri\ate family; SI and upward.
n nrn :^7V' ™?~K nI<r " '«mished""frcnt rooms,
P at * fair ' Ily - **• * 7 ' suitable for iadles.
FHKRMAN ApHrtmer.t House. 2S Eighth it..
near Marke t -rurn lgned or unfurnlKnfa-
JS OA K R . «* Third-A good roominr house
fcr go, A pr-opie. R. HKOIIKS. proprietor.
BOOMS AXD nO\HD.
A FI'KCIAI^ off«--r to teachers; exceptTonalTy'at^
tractive Interior ar.fl table. S07 California «t.
1.AS PALMAS. 1K20 aiarttet st.-Sulte of 2 or J
rrr.*.; private; hath: fin, mis.; board optional.
It OO MS WAXTEd! •
. vTOUXO lady wants room with privilegT^of
C housekeeping. f7: central; north of Market
Hox 113, Call office. . ."..,,
-V'ANTKI>— One large unfurnished room; cen-
trally located; running water preferred. Box
. . HO. CaU cf ttce. I
SPKCIAI- KOTICES.
THE Girl«" Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphan, half-orphan.
Abandoned children nnd foundlings have
ltea received iu the orphanage from Decem-
ber 21. IS??, to June 30. 1900: Mary Ellls-
1 v.-crth. 7 years 1 month; Annetta, 11 years 3
month?, and Mary Coairs. fi- ypars: Elsie, 10
I y^nrs 4 month*. Ethel, 10 years 4 months, and
LIUIe Colerr.an. 11 years 2 months: Ella. 7 yrars
fi mor.ths and Muriel Dunn. 4 years 6 months:
H*rtha. 7 years ami Mabel Pivemen. 8 years
C months: Ida Derham, 9 years S month"*: Ida
Rocca. 5 years 7 month?: Margaret &prael:llr.g.
" years 3 months: Ruth Hurbert, 3 years 4
n-.or.tbs: Maria Clir.e, 3 years; Mary, " y<*ars.
Ar.nle, 4 years, and Margaret Harrtgan. 2 y9&Tc;
Que^nie Denny. 7 years 6 months; Mary St.
t>»r.n:s. : ypars 4 months; Anni^. ti ypars 10
months. Francis, 5 years 4 menths, and Em-
ma Kiel. 4 years; Irene. 2 years. Evaline, S
yenrs, Kate. 4 years, ar.d Margaret Hurley, S
years; Thcr<»?a. 3 years and May Skelley, S
years: Mary Ryan. << ypars 1 month; Angela
AndprKor.. 3 years: Parah Ulrich. 9 years 3
months: Irene Hughes. 3 years 4 months;
Laura Lane, 7 years 5 months: Emma Spr»ck-
Ifp. 10 years 4 months; Alice Manbeim, 9
years 6 months; F"rai".<"Is Lyons. 12 years 2
months; Florence Hughes, j years 2 months;
Harry Coleman, 7 year?. 10 months: John
Keeley. 3 ypars 2 months; Harry Maddox, 5
years 9 months: John Johnt-on, 7 years: Ches-
tpr Roman. 6 years; <Je^rg» Sivertsen. 4
veers 6 months; Gpnrre Trlhon. 2 years 2
months: Francis Pratius. S years 11 months;
Frank Hunt, 3 years 2 rr.or.ths; Charles Hnldt,
i years 6 months: William MrCollc'ieh. 3
years 9 months; Walter O'FarrPl). 1 ypar 3
months; Louis Monge. 9 years; Harold. 4
ypars. and Edward Clir.e, I years fi months:
William Harrigan. Z years 6 months: Th irr.as
Kurran, 2 ypars 5 months: Willip, 3 years ii
months, and Edward I^ar.p. 5 yoars: Opcr;?5
Gonzales. 7 years 3 months: John TTirlch. 6
years 1 month; Joseph rtas-ana. 4 5 ear.*: Wil-
liam Putt. 3 mrnths: Thoir.as McLaushlin. 2
years 7 months; Paul Vaudoor, 4 years 11
months.
KOTICE-— Tbfl Pecretary of The Pan Francisco
PrrteMant Orphan Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan end half-or-
rhan siris and boys have been received at ths
asvlum. on Haieht st.. from January 1, 19CS.
to July 1. 1900: Alice C. Nelson. 10 yrs. S
moii.: Maggie Green. 15 yrs.; Margaret S.
Alexander, 7 yrs. S raos. : Amelia Rasmussen,
" yrs. ; Rose Rasmussen. 1 yr. 9 mos. : Mabel
Gorden. 9 yrs. 11 mcs.: Ileien W. Bosch. 8
yrs. 3 mos. I Florence J. E.?ch. 3 yrs. 5 mos. :
Vivian Anderson, 7 yre. : Edna Anderson.
vrs. 10 mos.; Rnsie Smith. 3 yrs.; Lilian
Pherk 11 yrs.; Clara Phenk. 9 yrs.; Estella
Fhenk. 5 yrs.: Anr.ie ?h»nk. 1 yr. 10 -mos. :
Agnes Kelly, 7 yrs. 6 moa.: Florence Kelly. 3
yrs. Georce A. Hfld. 10 yrs.; Duncan Mc-
Lean. 7 yrs.: Clarence D. Alexander. 9 yrs. 9
mos.: Robert Alexander, 2 vrs. 6 mos.; Carl
Glecke. 8 yrs. 6 mos.: Joseph Geary. E JT3. 10
iroe. ; Carl Morse. 7 yrs. : William McK. Gor-
den. 4 yrs.; George E. Bosch, 10 yrs. 2 mos.;
Frank Bosch. S yrs. 6 mos.; Charles Bosch. 2
yrs. I mos.: Edward Anderson. 9 yrs. 9 mos.:
Percy Smith, 9 .yrs. 1 mo. ; Walter Smith. 8
yre. : Joseph Smith. 5 yrs. 11 mos:: Laurence
Davis, 6 yrs. 9 mos.: Chester Davis, 4 yrs. S
mos.: Philip Kelly. 6 yrs. 5 mos., and John
Primus. 11 yrs. 7 mos.
LADIES — Oh!che3ter's English Pennyroyal Pi!!s
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other:
FPHfl 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
I3»r> tenants ejected for Si: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 413 Montgomery Et, rooms 9-10: tel. B80.
ROOMS papered from J3: whitened, tl up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Tall. 16 pages, sent to any address !n the
Vnited States or Canada one year for tl.
SEWIXO MACHINES ASD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought.- told and repairing guaran-
anteed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
ALL kinde bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 105 Fourth gt.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WIL5OX BROS., storage and moving; cove-ed
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 702.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson ML
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co.. 712 Mission Ft..
tel. Main 184" — Packing, moving and storage.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GRKAT~BARGAINS Is"TTraWRITERK-We
sell better machines Tor less money than any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £3« California, telephone Main 266.
A TYPEWRITER, brand new. for J50. RE-
VALK. 403 California «t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
S3.V.0 WILL buy a new first-class house of i
?— rooms and bath: between the railroads: terms.
Owner and build»r. J. H. YOL'NG. 1243
I Tark st.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
TO LET— On High st.. Fruitvale. 30 ncres of
land, -with house nnd large Kirn: good water.
Apply ADOLPH UXGER, "22 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page*, sent to any address In tha
1'nited States or Canada one year for Jl.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 MONTHLY rental— Cottage, cabin, well of
water; 4 fine lots: all fenced; fine chicken run;
will give option to purchase for $473 all told;
will make terms to suit; near a fine school-
house; !>0-foot boulevard: 3 electric car lines
ar.d fronting; on main avenue. Aliendaie
Tract, adjoining East Oakland: call or fend,
for circular: 455 Pevpnth St.. near cor. Broad-
way, Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
Lani". Owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALfi.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oaklaqi.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF * CALIFOR^IA^* Berkeley:
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men— Notice is hereby given to all concerned
that eealed proposals or bids are solicited for
the erection of a residence for the president
or »he university and fer performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for, and said bids or proposals will be received
at the office of the Regents of the University
of California in the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art, corner of Mason and California sts.,
6an Francisco. Cal.. at or before 12 o'clock m.
of the 30th day of July. 1900; and notice is
hereby furtber given that the plans and
•specifications of said building have, been made
and adopted and are placed In the office of
Albert Plssis. architect. 307 Sansome et., San
Francisco, where the came may be seen and
examined during each day from 9 o'clock a.
m. until 4 o'clock p. m., from this day until
the 2*th day of July, 1900. Xo bids or pro-
posals will be considered unless the same are
accompanied by a certified check or a bona
of said proposer In the sum of ten (10) per
cent of hi* proposal, with insufficient sureties,
conditioned that. If said bid or proposal shall
be accepted the party proposing will duly en-
ter Into a proper contract to faithfully per-
form the duty and obligations In accordance
with gaid proposal, and plan and epeclflca-
ti&ns, which shall be and are hereby required
to be a part of fuch contract. The right to
reject any and all bids Is hereby reserved.
Thi» notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California." approved March 25, 1868. and ar:
act amendatory of Faction 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 2S, ]«72, rrlatlns: to th* con-
struction of buildings, approved March 3, 1SJ".
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings In Alameiia County.
W. A. McKOWKX. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for aparejos— Depot Quartermas-
ter's office. S« New "Montgomery street, San
Francisco. Ca!.. July B. 1300. Sealed proposals
in duplicate, will be receivFd at this office un-
til 11 o'clock a. m., July 21, l<<00, 1'aclfic
htanOard time, and then opened for furnish-
ing :50 apare<0!« complete, and extra parts
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality b*ing equal (Including in
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Paclfl"
Comst to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The United
State* reserves the right to accept or reject
any or ali propofals or any part thereof.
Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on Bpplii-iuion. Knvelopes con-
taining proposals will b» endorsed "Pro-
posals for Aparejos. N'o. Cn67," and addressed
to Major OSCAR F. I/DNG. Quartermaster
\'. P. VoIe.. Depot Quartermaster.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DI VI DEND NOTICE— Divldend~XoT"l&7~^af ty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the offlce of the
company. 237 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY. August 1. l?00. Transfer
books will cloee on Thursday, July 2fi, 1900.
at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (twenty,
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Surar
Plantation Company will be payable st the
. office cf the eompany. 227 Market St.. on and
after Friday. July 2Cth. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. July 14th, 1S00, at 12
O'clock nx. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
William H. Lemmerman. 20, 346 Duncan
stro'.t. and Margaret E. Boyne. IS, 613 Bryant.
Thomas Keofran. 32. 1130 Kearny street, and
Ar.nle Rielly, 27, 1527 Powell street.
Joseph H. Brown. 27. 1304 Page street, and
Anna F. Dorseloh. 21, 13(15 Page Ftreet.
Frederick L. Skaggs. 34. Hotel Pt. Nicholas,
and Harriet M. Morgan. 24. Hotel St. Nicholas.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles A. Angelin, 30. 312 Eighth street, and
Mary M. Lundstrom, 30, S12 Eiprhth street.
James P. Dunphy. 25. 2113 Fillmore •street,
and Josephine Wright, 20, 221S Fifteenth street.
Emll H. Lange. 30. city, and Emma Jung-
bluth. 30. city.
Alfred Holmgren. 33. 221 Broadway, and Bes-
sie Osberg, 42. 43S'a Francisco street.
William Crow, IC, Plcaianton, and Maggie
Jones, IS. Plcasanton.
Alfred F. McFall, 2?. "2S Sutter street, and
EH^l At. Hicks, £0, 4?S Fell street.
Thomas Ellison. 33. T39B Filbert street, and
Emma P. Wood, 23, 905 Hyde street.
Jfsse S. Hpcs, 23, Loyalton. Sierra County,
ami Alice A. Wing, 19. Loyalton. Sierra County.
Frank ©"Brlen. 35, 1S5 Harriet street, and
Kittle Hartnett, 40, 1S5 Harriet street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
KAILKOAD TRAVEL.
$30,000 FOR J2. WHOLE OF FIRST CAPITAL
PRIZE OF J30.000.
Ptat« of Louisiana, tarinh of Orlean»^«3.
i Before me. C. O. Reb«ntlsch. a notary pub- |
He in and for th? parish of Orleans. -State of
Louisiana, personally appeared Malvtna Smith,
residing at 1319 Gravler street. Xew Orleans,
I^a.. who. belns ty me, notary, duly sworn,
doth depose and say that ?he bought whole
ticket Xo. 13,419 of the Honduras National |
Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lottery I
Company), for the sum of $2 (two dollars), at |
Puerto Cortes, Honduras. C. A., and that sh« j
is the bona fide owntfr of eaid ticket, -which
drew the first capital prize of JCO.000 (thirty
thousand dollars) at the drawinjr of Jun« ti,
A. D. 1900. held at Puerto Cortes. Honduras,
C. A., and that she has this Eth day of July.
A r> ISO), received the sum of thirty thousand !
(J30,000> dollars In payment th-reof.
MAL.VI.VA SMITH. I
Sworn to and subscribed to before me this j
Cth day of July. A. D. 1300. :
C. G. REBETNTISCH. Notary Public
$"000 FOR 50 CENTS. ONE-QUARTER OF
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE JS 1^.
PHILADELPHIA. June 25, 190).
Robert E. Miller, of Allentown. Pa., beintr
duly sworn, deposes and says that he Is the !
true and rightful and bona fide owner of one- |
quarter ticket No. 66CC9 of the Honduras Xa- '<
tional Lottery Co. of Puerto Cortes. Honduras, i
and which number drew the second capital
prize of eight thousand dollars (?*»», draw- i
Ing held Saturday, June 16, 1900, In Puerto Cor- I
tes Honduras, and hereby acknowledges re-
reir>t of two thousand ($1000) dollars, due him
as above. ROBKRT E. MILLER.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 13th
day of June. 1900. ARNOLD KATZ.
Notary Public.
11000 FOR 25 CENTS. ONE-EIGHTH OF SEC-
Siuw r^n. on . d CAPITAL> PR1ZE .
Ftate of Indiana, U. S. A., County of Marlon.
Before me, John S. Tarkington, a notary 1
public. In and for said county, personally came i
William Bosdorfer. whotfelnsc bytae duly sworn,
on his oath says that he resides at 522 East Lou-
isiana , street In the city of Indianapolis, said
county: that he is the bona fide holder and ]
owner by purchase of an agent of the Hondu- !
ras National Lottery Company of one-eighth
ticket No. 66509. drawing of June 16. 1900. 1
Class "F " which said number drew the second j
capital prize of eight thousand tlSOflQ) dollars. \
and that he makes this affidavit to conform
to the rules of said company to obtain n,irnjent !
for -aid ticket. WM. BOSDORFER. j
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 233 !
of" June, A. D. 19Q0.
JOHN S. TARKIXGTON', Notary Public, j
$1000 FOR IS CENTS. ONE-EIGHTH OF SEC- j
OND CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. June 23, 1300.
Mr. Ezral Kitsehenbaum, being duly sworn. !
deposes and says that he resides at No. 1CS j
Norfolk street. New York City: tlm he Is the '.
riicrtful and bona fide owner and holder of I
one-eighth ticket No. €6303 of the Honduras \
National Lottery Company of Puerto Cortes. J
Honduras, which number drew the second cap- !
Ital prize of else ht thousand ($5000) ¦ dollars, the
draw.ntr of which was held on June 16, 1D0O, 1
at Puerto Cortes, and has received full amount
EZRAL KIRSCHEXBAUK. '
Certificate filed in New York County.
SI AX Wt'STROW.
Notary Public No. 75. King* County. ]
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by pres- (
ident of Honduras National Lottery Company. 1
(L. A. State Lottery Co.> \
¦•cmBBR r*ripic cronrAjriw
(PACirio arsTBM.)
Trains !•*«• nmti urc da» (• arrlv* al
mam riuHCimo.
Olain line. Foot of Market 31ml)
UiTI — Irou If at 13, 1900. — aftzrra
•7iOO* Btotela, Suiaaa. Elaalra, VaearlSa.
Rum*ay and asctftmento •7iO»
•7io»i. Shasta Express— Oavla WUllams(for
Bartlett Scringi), TVDkiwi, Bad
Bluff, Portland. •7i«3»
•7tl»i Martinet. ri*a Uimon, V»UeJo. Xapa,
Oalittoca ana Saata Rota *«iI3»
•9:00* DavU, Woodlaad. KntghU L»adJn;.
M»rr«TiIle. OroTi!!*.. '7i«»
•9i«P* Atlaotla liiprsM-OjiBB and Kail *tl:4i3*
•»i»o» Hiu JsttL LiTermore. otoekton,
Iodb. atortraeato, PlaetrTUle,
M*ryitU)>. Chlco. Red F«urt M:13»
•S>a»4 O»*d»i«. Chln«« (for Yojeiulto).
3>uor». Carten.. *4ilSp
•0:00* HtTwanla. Mil?* tad Way .Stations. •! I i4J*
¦0:00a Let Aoialea Eipnts — alartiuas.
Tr%e». LathtOp. etooktoa, Merced
>ndltMM *«>4Sa>
•»:a*A Vallelo. MarUnm ami War Btation* ••t-t-ir
•IOiVOa The OTetliaii Limited— Ogden, Den-
let, Omaha, Chicago »3illf
•lliO** SUt. Livermore. Stookton, Saerv
meot^. MandaU. lUuforJ, VUiKi.
PoTlurrllla ««il5p
• t*t*«» Hafwarda. Nile* and VV«y Station*. ••*€«»»
tl:OOpSactatneuto Ulttr Steamer* t5:O<»%
¦StOOr Hiy.Tirdi, Niks »nJ Way Stations. 4 5:45p
a 4i0Vr Maxtinen, Han lUinou, Villejo,
Nap*. CalUtng*. SanU lloca »Uil »»
•*s»»p Bsnicia. Viators. HiorannMj,
Woodland. Kul«liU I.audiuc.
MansTnie, Orofilia *l«:Oa
MiSOr Nile*, oaa Jn«»*tid BtoektoD *?illr
•SiOOrTbe Owl Liroitoil— Tracy. Freano.
Baksnaeld, Hau«ua (nr Saota U»r-
b».-». Lni Ad;-!w ¦**lO»
•SitOrTmt* Ptjn«ns«r— Mertlnea. L*th-
rop, dtockton, Metce<l. B«renda
(lUynood for Yosemit»), Kraauo.. *l«:lty
•SllOr New Jtl»«cit Eipreaa— UakenHwM,
Hanta Bnrbaia. Loa Ah«»!m. Dom-
ing. SI r»io, Naw Orleaoa aud
Em: »ii«a
*SiIOp Nanta l*a Ilrmte— AUautlo Eiprsu
fur Mojat* ami Ritut *a.H»
••¦•Or HajwarJ*. Silea aad flan Joa» •?.••¦»»
? O:«op Vallejn 'ISiltr
•OiOor Oriental Mill— O.'>o. Cb«jf>naa.
Oisaha. Cbleaga 'UilS*
••:00p Orlaatal Mall-Oeden. DeaTtr.
Omaha. Chicaco. *4ilSr
t~i»«r Tall«]o. Fort Ceata and Way Bta-
lioo. ¦ j»i34r
•8it9r Oregon and California Kirrna.Rao-
latnantn, Msrjmll!". Uetl<)lii(,
rorf»M.I. Tiigut Hniii..! ami Kat> *¦!»*
COAST DITISION in»rr»n <.«n«e).
(Font of Market .-itr»a>.>
}7i4Sa Banta Crui Excunion for Santa
Cruz asd rriadpal Way Sutlona Jl««»»
*Stt8AKan»r«,C>utoritna.8*aJufa.>'elU»i.
Boni>t»rCr-»k, Mania OrmmnJ Way
Ktatlou* , ••:»•»
fatlSr Newark. CenterrtUa, (tea Jnaa New
Alnitdan, faiton, Deti!dar Cra«k.
Pint* Cut* aad , frinelpal Wt*
Statluna t •«!»•»
M:lSr Kawark. Hao Joaa. Loa Gatoe ••)•»•«
q4il»r01«nwootl. Feltoo. Baata Cru» «H:»i»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tttuUS r»»ICisej-.'»it *t airkit Sirni i5:U J)-
•7:18 9:00 ll.-Oai.M. tl:C3 "233 tl>M
•«:Ca t3:C3 *8:C3r.i«.
h*mQllll*t—rni*tiiniw,j.— m SM 8:00 1300*. H.
tI3CJ »l:03 12:03 *3:C3 11:07 'l.tir.u.
COAST DITUIttfl (Itrotil(iauKt).
(Thlrii and Towniwnit 8ti.)
Hili>» Ooaan Vl«», .Swith Man Fraoclsco.. t0i3«»
t?iOv* Han Ja«a and Way SUtlonn (X»*
almaden Wetineulaftonly) •liBO
I7iSSi Sma lay Excursion far Ban Joaa,
ganta Cruz. I'arlSc Grova and
Prlneipal Way stAtiooj {SaSS*
••iOO* Han Juae. T>ea I'tiiea. Hanta Cnis.
Paeilie Uro>e. I'uto UuB'ea, San
l,i;!i Oblimi, finrf, Lompoe aud
l'rlnclpal Way BUtloiia *4ila)f
'IBilOi Baa Joaa and Way Hkatlona *nta-1*
•IIiSUa (•anJnas.LoaaatoaoiulWay.'itaUona *3i»Or
tV:43r Ban Mateo, Uedwood. Jlsnlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, .San .1 o<».
Tr«a Ploos, Santa Cruz, Sallnaa.
Uooteiay aud 1'aclsa Gro*« flOfMA
fatSnp Ban Joss ami Way tiUtlon* *7i3Op
t «: I Ur San Joistod Principal W»y Stations *9)«3*
fStOwrSaa Jote. Lot Gatoe aud Principal
Way SUUoDt ,t.. t9«»»*
•SiSOp Sac Jote and Principal Way Stations 1 8:3."»»
•a::iOp San Joaa a»d WayiltaUsna T*i«*a
illi41.^r 3 an Joaa aod Way iytatlo»a *7;8Or
A for Morn I sic «. P f or A f Umoon.
¦Dally. t Buuday eteapltd. t Sunday ta!y.
• Saturday only.
• Satnzda* and Sunday. « Snndav and Monday.
CAHF02KIA NORTBfESTEBN EY. CO.
LiESSHEl
SAN FRARCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Markst St.
BAN FRAN'CISCO TO SAN BAFAEL.
tTEEK DAYS-7:S«. 8^0. UM a. m.: lJr«5.
«:S0, 5:10, 6:30 >. m. Thursdaya— Extra trip
at 11:29 a ta. Baturdaya— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11: JO s. m.
6UNDAYS— S:00. kSO, 11:0* a. BO. I 1:». 1:3a,
• :00. 6:20 o. m- -
SAN RAFAEX, TO SAN TRANCISCO.
fWEEK DAYS-e:W. T:», !:*), 11 :W a. m. t \2:4\
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdajra— Extra trips at
1:E5 and 8:25 aw m.
«mN*T>ATS-8:19. 8:4«u U3t a. wui l!«. 1:4*.
6:C5, 8:25 p. m.
Between San Frandaco tad SAvotxca Par*
•anut achedola aa above.
Leav* I la Effect. 1 Arrtr*
San Francisco. (Apr. IS. 130tt.| Ban yranctaqa^
Wesk J Bun- I I 8an- I Week"
Days. ( days, f Pwtlnatlon.1 daya. | Days.
T-30 am (:0O am Novato. 10:40 azal 1:40 an
1:33 pm 9:30 am Petalntoa. «:06 pm 10:25 am
t:l> pm 8. 'CO pm ganta Ro«a. 7:» pmj «:30 pn*
Fulton.
f :X am Windsor. 10:25 aa
HeaJdsbura;.
l<ytton.
Geyservlll*.
t^Opm tr«am Cloverdale. T:gpm 1:29 pm
7-80 ami I K?pland I 110:25 ant
S:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Vklah. I 1:S5 pra| «:20 Qn>
T:10 am am
UM am GuerneTnia. 7:35 pin
t:Mptn - «:» P=»
f :30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 aza
?Und
1:10 pm 5:00 pn Glen Ellen. t:C3 pm V.JO pn
T:30 ami 8:00 am! 113:40 am'10:2S arr\
8:30 pm! 5:00 pm| HebaBtopoT. I 7:35 pm| »:20 pia
Btarea connect at 8anta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlnis; at Fulton
for Altrarta: at Lvtton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservllle for Skasea Scrtr.sra: at Cloverda!*
for the Geysers: at Hoplan«l for Duncan
BprJnM, Blchl&nd BprlnBs. Kelsejnrtlle. Carls-
fcad springs, Soda Bay, LnJceport and Bartlett
Springs; at CTclah for S^rlngB. Saratoga
Spriavs. Bine I. "t*s. Laurel Doll Lake. "Witter
8r~ln£». TTpp*r 1-aie. • Pome. Potter Valley.
Joan Day*». Riverside, t4<wler*s. Bucfcnell'*.
Sanhe^ ta Heights. Hullrllle. Orr'i Hot
Sprlnes. Men<Joelno City. Fort Bras?. West-
port Csal, WUlits. Liaytonvllle. CunjTntr.a.
Bcll : » Sprlnc*. Harrl». Olsen's. Dyer. Scot!a
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round tr'.a tlck«tB at
reduced rates. " «
On Sunday roend tr!p tickets to all point*
¦beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Tlck-t offlce*. *S0 Market «t.. Chronicle V.Jte.
H. C. WHITIXG. R. X. P.TAN.
Oeneral Jfar.aur. Gen. Pats. Axent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCE5I0 RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m., l:4i and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare Eftin Francisco to Summit and return, tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/!#krj»* e f" l £*»— ** KEACVf VI- Kstobl!sh«l
R^jK'*!ainlS;54{crttietr?;u:nentof Pr!va:*
Ifl-'AeSHl Diseases, Lmt Manhood. D'bllity or
OKa»K& disease "Jearinr 011 bodyaad mind antt
fcSSSBtjEgM Skin Dlumemea. The doctor cumwheu
a^QSffia others lalL Try him. Charf «» low
C«dS9te3 (arf<inar»nler 1. CaUorwritft
Or. J. *'. «i!BBUN« B«x 1937,Saa Fraacfcca
The subscriber, having supervised the single
number drawing, class "G." Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this
<la>* drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand, at Puerto Cortes, Hon-
duras, C. A., this Saturday, July 14. 1900.
W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 number? 1 , from ST.46*5 to 87,566 Inclusive,
being fifty numbers on each side of the num-
ber drawing the capital prize of $30,000. $40.
100 numbers, from 77.191 to 77.291 Inclusive.
bp!ng fifty numbers on each sl.1e of th» num-
ber drawing the capital prize of JSOOO. J2».
100 numbers, from 2613 to 2743 Inclusive, be-
ing fifty 1 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital .prize of $4000, $18.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 16. betn* the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of J30,con, $s.
S9J numbers ending with 41, be!n$r the last
two flgnres of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $S0CO,/$S.
No. Prlze.lNo. Prlze.INo. Prize.
64694 24'-M73i> gft!«mi 40
64744 16161S52 49'64S60 24 ,
:«4S33.. !4|6438S lSlSMSS 12* :
65074... 24 65302 4085422 24
65490 24163605 1653632 18-
6564S 15166094 1866121 16 !
€6339 IS C5371 40S6406 2t !
66477 4O|fi6eO7 4T6S6C9 IS ;
1 6SS39 40.636553 16J66742 18
66759 S0;*>6777 24iSSn7 ?>
«S76 S0|fi7172 snio720O ?>
67254 4067383 21167477 IS
R74SO 16.G7346 16S75S? SO
«TS23 4057S63 4*68.105: IS
CS062 1«:6S211 14 6S283 24
, 6S2S2 24 6S34<> 16:65366 24
1 6S431 181(3449 14 SMD3 80
6S790 18;6Vi90 16'69127 40
63217 2»ifi9n62 40;5&4Sl SO
65527 lfi.CT.-.IS..: 16;6?«;2 21
60661 50 63729 40O;5S7C«2 40
69S3Q SO 7011<l.. ...... 24 70121 IS
7i>123 l<5i7O34<! 16170415 IS
70497 S0!70."j22 2O0673 40
70765 2«i7117S 1<!'7126.") f>
71404 16;7142S 120714.-9 16
71543........ 24:71559 1SI71M2 16
71661 24i717.il. 2471764 121
71S20 8Oi719€6 :4 ; 71W4 40
72327 2«.,72430 40.727S2 1*
72S39 40>72S63 S^ 72593 lSi'
722<:6 18|73411 16j73.'»4S 24
73R24 40i737*-6 l«;7370S IS |
"SSIS 24I73311 24'73?14 19
74102 !4!74113 40:74163 15
74261 lS:744.i2 16 74463 1«
74510 ' 24I7471S 16!747S3 24
74812 l«;7304S l«;73099 24 i
75179 16173356 16*75402 15 f
75621 4n!7o708. S0J7597S 16.
7:>9S2 4017S9S7 12Oi76.120 4>
76230 2417E233 24:76245 40
7626S 24 7K233 S0J7S331 24
783S2 24176421 4^76464 80
76537....:... 24i76.->S8 40176M7 24
76^2 S0.76&61 'S0J763S3 24 '
77023 16,7713? 16:77241 S0OO ;
77272 3S77412 16 ! 774S1 IS )
77525 S0;77552 16;7771t 1« j
"7343 1677S74 12OI7S047 16;
78053.;-. 16:7!:44S 16'7S t -57 18 |
78S22 24178843 • 2417S954 24 i
7>"079 I6| 79039 24;7S032 I* t
78101 16173232 2J7924."! 15
7S3S3 21173453. ....... SO 794P6 ICO
TSMS 24;7S544 SO 7S6<« IS
79743 16:79505 S0"VXW4 16
S'W74 16IS0172 24 «01'j5 1«
SO416 40;S04:2 16|
S0660 lSi80€Sfl 16 S07U SO i
S0S35 ?4 SW.V) 1618C3C4 I»
S1089 16181107 40S111S 40]
8115t IS Sll?0 40 S1250 2* f
S12S2. 16 S1S62 16 S1414 24 I
S1524 MI81SSJ 1« Sl'93 1? •
S16O7 16 S1623 SO 81640 1*1
S16G9.; 40 S1733 2J S1017 IS
S2055 241S2CS3 16 S2097 IC
82100 24:?2i:9 24'S2328 15 I
S2366 16S2447 16 S2435 24 I
824S4 M8S25 16 S2SS7 16
82712 35i$2SSO SO 82SS3 24
S2S92 16 82910 1G'S29*S 14
S3029 16iS3O42 16 83153 14
S3414 Z4I83S62 24S3K20 40
83721........ 40«732 40:83957 U
S4128 24 i S41?,9 16 842S6.. 40
S42W 16 S4340 16S4453 24
S4.-51 241S46C7 80S4C57 24
S536S SO fc',413 4O!SI455 IS
S, r .466 I*f5»482 40S.'613 24 I
?5633 16:S.-.M3 40185741 SG
S5977 24 S6C25 16 S60S4 21
S6159 16186210 16 S6309 40
R6371 16S6375 40 S644S 16 j
S6?14 16'S6342 S0S71S7 16!
S7211 16IS7219 24.?7243 10 j
S7263 16:S73XS 16'<C51S 3000rt j
S7643 24 S7«4? 24187701 24
8T724 16 «S43 24S79S2 "4
SS0S1 24188085 40 SS115 1*1
SS192 24,«3!5 24 SM04 21
W410 SO.SSIIS lC'Sm? .- 1(5
SS555 40SS56'! 16 SS642 16 I
S564S 40 S8SS3 S0:sS694 80!
88736 4O'S.«'»T2 16 8S962 1« I
SS9S3 RO:SS?SS 16 SS124 16
S9I36 24IS9320 :4S9394 15
8f'310 80(89679... 16 «97S4 4!)
89771 16 R??64 80 85973 1«
9f*2e 24!PO13!> 24:9f>141 1*
Vil«l 40i9(1206 4090103 4ft
90601 l(j:907. r .5 SO 90763 1j
90S39 2491014 1691C:9 8")
91176 2491179 4IV91340 16
916SS 24I91706 16 91H59 IS
91S80 S0:?2CiT9 10 92018 IS j
921CO.. ...... 2O21GS $0-92214 24
92257 16")22C2 16 523 12 15
926P2 3«. 92714 14 92S24 24
SCS74 16:93174 40 93216 80 1
93217 4093317 16 9333 S 16
933.'4 40P3399 16 93744 lrt
9HR92 15194035 24 940S1 18
9412S 40!941."4 40 94169 IS
n42n.1 16 M.1f3 16'94395 16
94419 2494-21 2494595 11
M7SS 16195035 24 93040 80
95060 2495137 16 93171 40
9G27S 24 53421 24'9:.«4i 24
0S517 24i9«65 .... 16'56124 16'
96170 16:96193 16'9<S41 »C
96258 120.96362 16 363S0 21
SC395 16 96417 If. 96437 18 |
Sfi440 40 96303 120^23 SO I
D6634 r4 ! 96707 16:96S03 40
9SS17 24197013 4097049 40
97f>«^ 24197075 24 97271 24
ir^S' 120 97603 24 97W> JO
&7S74 4O.9S0O7 12O9S025 V.
f.S0S3 16;9S1S1 249S213 2t
SSH20 16 9S4S7 16 9S720 1G
PRS17 80'3«333 16 »«95S 1«
692flS 1699375 2499403 1«
W410 40133417 1« 99613 24
9O70S. ....... 15;33917* 16,32943 24
Henry, Theodor, Adolph and Edward Schwer-
ln, Mrs. D. Dennlson, Mrs. Max Schnuten-
haus. Mr?. J. Mohr and Mrs. F. W. Meyer, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 75 years
and S months.
E3*The funeral will take place Saturday,
July 21. at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
Vlsltacion .Valley, Interment private.
SKBARTIANI— In this city. July IS. 1S0O. Rev.
Theodore Sehastianl, S. J., a native of Cin-
cinnati, ased 41 -years. -- -- -
ETThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Friday), at 8 o'clock, at St. Igna-
tius College. Interment at Santa Clara, by
10:50 o'clock train from Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia streets.
SIXGER— In South -San Francisco. July IS, 1900.
Leonard Singer, beloved husband of Dorothea
Sinser, a native of Germany, aged 76 years
6 months and 5 days.
lC?"R»mains at the parlors of the Garitner
& Guntz Undertaking Company. 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth.
WHALEN— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be offered to-morrow (Friday), at 9
o'clock, at St. Brendan's Church, corner of
Harrison and Fremont streets, for the repose
of the soul of Jeremiah W. Whalen. Friends
and acquaintances are Invited to attend.
ZWAAL- In this city. July IS, 1900, Andrew
Zwa.jl, beloved eon of Schelte and Josephine
Zwaal, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 3 months.
Odd Felloes' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBETt OF AN?
ORGANIZATION having a presiding 'officer
nnd secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
Is $30. The tame for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
CJREMATION.Samuel H. Hamilton, a private in Com
pany D, Eighteenth Infantry, while drunk
vesterday morning fell into the bay at
Bay ana Leavenworth streets. He was
rescued and taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, whence after a sound sleep he was
able to go to the Presidio.
Drunken Soldier's Bath.
Titled Oriental Coming.
The Secretary of State has advised
Customs Collector Jackson that Kogoro
Takatjira will arrive on the America Maru
on or about the 21st ins I. Mr. Takahira is
the newly appointed Japanese Minister to
this country. The Secretary has an
nounced also the expected arrival, prob
ably on the Nippon Alaru. of Sin Ta Moo.
second son of the Emperor of Korea, who
Is on his way to school at Roanoke, Va.
that Krans cashed It. Judge Heaeock re
manded Crites into the custody of the
United States Marshal for deportation to
Colorado City.
The famous, perfect fitting, stylish and
long-wearing Walkover Shoes will be now
sold in San Francisco. Any kind of leath
er the same price. These will be sold at
the handsome new
"Walkover" Shoe Store.
F. F. Wright, Prop.
Baldwin Annex. P24 Market street.
Los Angeles store. 111 So. Spring street.
The"Walkovers" sent postpaid for $3.75. •
Act at Once.
$3.50 BUYS SIX MONTHS OF HAP
PINESS.
W. S. Chance, Supervising Special Agent
.of the Treasury, returned yesterday from
an official visit to Hawaii, and will re
main in this city a few days looking into
local Custom-house affairs.
Special Agent Chance Be turns.
Chretien in the Police Court.
The case of John : M. Chretien, charged
, Judge Troutt followed Perry. He was
asked as to the appointment of Chretien,
and he reiterated tne story Chretien told
in his first confession— that Chretien had
been appointed upon his own solicitation
and only after Ruef- had signified his wil
lingness that he should serve. Then Judge
Troutt, went deeper into thf case and
told how ho fixed fees in probate cases
and how he appointed attorneys to care
for the estajtes that were before him. In
this he was referring to the statements
that he had thrown too much business into
the* hands of Stevens and Colton. He
cited the case of Judge Myrick, now de
ceased, who on every occasion appointed
an attorney named Bradford as attorney
for absent heirs and for other services re
quiring the attention of a lawyer. In the
two men he had appointed the most times
he said he had always found zealous
friends of the court and attorneys who
had ever>" care for the court's honor. "If
I had appointed one of them in this case,"
he remarked, "there would have been no
scandal."
Ben Day, Rogers' assigneee, was then
called to tell what he knew of the assign
ment. As that was nothing he was let
go within a few minutes. Then Ed Niles
was called to telhall he knew about
"Dutchy" and his whereabouts, and he did
not take long. Gaines, the janitor of the
building in which Chretien has his office,
was the next man. He was wanted to
identify certain papers In the Sullivan
estate which he had witnessed. Colthorp
and Chretien wound up the list, Colthorp
to tell a little more about the papers he
had signed as Sullivan and Chretien to
elaborate a few of the many things he had
told the Grand Jury.
The jury then adjourned until to-mor
row at 2 o'clock. When that afternoon
session ends there will probably be two
indictments placed on- file — one against
Chretien and one against Rogers.
Chretien's indictment may be upon forg
ery, perjury, obtaining money under false
pretenses or conspiracy to rob the dead.
That of Rogers will be brought upon the
evidence and because he refused to tell
¦what he knows. L
Judge Troutt on the Stand.
George B. Keane, Ruef's clerk, came
next to deny the truth of Chretien's state
ment that he had a conversation with
Keane in which an agreement between
Ruef and Chretien was discussed. He also
took in about a ton of books, and with the
jurors he went over the items referring to
the Sullivan estate and explained them.
George Perry then took the stand to
throw some light on the attitude of Rog
ers. .. He told the story, which has ap
peared In The Call, that he went aft«T
Rogers a week ago yesterday and brought
him down to Rauer's office. He was asked
to step aside while Rauer and Rogers
were talking, but Rauer is his client and
he felt he needed the advice and protec
tion of a man who knew the law. so he
stepped no farther than the door. He
hcanr Rauer tell Rogers that now the
whole thing had turned out to be crooked
he wanted his money back— his SGOO — and
Perry swore that Rogers told him he
would not return a cent, that his word
was as good as Rauer's and Rauer could
raise trouble if he liked. Perry also testi
fied as to Rauer's connection with the
case and the payments of money. These
Perry said had been made In each case
only after an inspection of the records by
himself and after he had been satisfied
that upon * the- face everything was
straight.
Denies Chretien's Statement.
make life a burden to himself, his. at
torney and his clerks and so to g«-t rid of
him lie paid out the money. The lirst re
ceipt bears date of March 7, 1900. and is for
$20..'; the second bears date of March 10
and is for $200, and the third bears date of
April 21 and is for J100. On the stand in
Judge Troutt's court duriny the investi
gation Ruef swori- that all tnere was ever
taken from the estate was $200 that Drink
house paid "out of his personal account"
to Chretien. He says he would have told
about the extra five hundred, but no one
questioned him, and anyway ho was
stopped before he lintshed his testimony.
L. W. Storror, superintendent of the
Postal Telegraph Company, was the first
witness of the day. He was called to tell
of the telegrams that passed between
Chretien in San Francisco and "Dutchy"
in Sacramento. He was followed by Wil
liam Stinson, cashier of the Anglo-Califor
nian Bank, who identified the checks ho
had cashed for Rauer and Chretien. Then
the negro Golthorp came to tell more of
the signing of the name of John Sullivan
and I^ee D. Craig followed him to explain
how he attests signatures when the
signers are not present. He was taken
through the details of his business and
was made to explain a great many things
as to his methods. He took occasion to
deny that he had seen Keane in his office
when the deed he attested was signed,
correcting a statement to the contrary he
had made in Judge Troutfs court.
Judge Charles A. Low followed to ex
plain the report that he had told Chretien,
for Ruef. to keep his mouth closed. He
said nothing of the kind ever occurred.
Then John A: Drinkhouse came in with
his receipts and brought a new bit of tes
timonv into the case Just when every one
thought there was no more to tell. By his
statements it seems that $700 instead of
$200 has been paid out, and all the checks
are made out as "advancements" on Sul
livan's share.
j Salaries of Those Sent From the
Polytechnic to Lincoln to Be
Lowered.
Owing to an accident to Director Den
j man while alighting from a Powell-street
j car Tuesday night and the absence of Dl
| rector Kincald. the meeting of the Board
j of Education which was to have - been
i held yesterday morning was postponed
until next Monday. The Board will then
consider the contemplated reduction of
palarles of those teachers who were trans
ferred with the commercial course from
the Polytechnic High to the Lincoln
Grammar Fchool. The salary of C. H.
Murphy, who has been placed in charge
of the course, has already been raised
from $140 to $155. but It is understood that
Mrs. S. W. McPherson and Miss E. D.
Armer. who are in receipt of $140 and $120
respectively as high school assistant
teachers, will be reduced to $110 and $100.
The Board contemplates reducing the sal
ary of Miss M. G. Saleede, teacher of
Spanish, from $100 to $75, though Chair
man Mark says that it Is Intended to only
"adjust" the salaries.
The salaries of the three teachers of
stenography, Mrs. T. F. Spencer, Miss M
B. Conway and Miss L. Richards, have
been fixed at $75 per month, though ac
cording to Superintendent Webster they
should be $?3, which Is the pay of a gram
mar grade teacher. Mark says that the
three teachers named have ten weeks' va
cation and are better paid than sten
ographers In downtown offices. Miss K.
O. Fay. Mrs. H. L.. Rademaker and Miss
IJ. T. Durkee, teachers of bookkeeping.
• arc in danger of being lowered from $M
per month to $75 In the "adjustment,"
whil« Miss I. T. Gargarlne. teacher of
typewriting, may have $5 sliced off Her
salary of $S0 per month.
WILL REDUCE THE PAY
OF SOME TEACHERS
"Our Industrial Conditions" was the
subject of a lecture delivered by ex-Sena
tor R. A. DaETuo last night at Turk-street
Temple. The speaker read a number of
statistics, from which he drew the con
elusion that the industrial conditions of
the present day are not Improved over
w'.iatthey were in the past. He argued
that as the world's products increased the
producer's. share constantly decreased un
til it is now but 10 per cent of the whole
output. He stated as his belief that 52
per cent of the population of the United
States was born in poverty and was con
demned to a life of servitude. Socialism,
he contended, was a remedy for all exist
ing ills of society.
Spoke on Industrial Conditions.
A 10-yenr-okl boy named N. T. Ken
nedy, residing nt 219 Loavenworth street,
fell from the rocks near the Cliff House
yesterday afternoon. The fall broke his
arm and caused a severe wound on his
head. He was playing with his cousin,
Harry Kennedy, and in some unaccount
able manner slipped, falling a considera
ble distance.
Broke His Arm in Play.
Pawnbroker Jacob Krans of Colorado
City testified before United States Court
Commissioner Heaeock yesterday that
Wilbur P. Crites, the soldier charged with
forgery, presented to him in Colorado City
several months ago a forged money order
bearing the name of Crites' father, and
Soldier Crimes to Be Extradited.
tjpP XOTHER day has failed to finish
/l_\ the investigation of the Grand Jury
It W into the steals of Chretien and his
friends, but the jury has gone deep
enough to begin to see the light and Fri
day afternoon the effect of It all w-ill prob
ably be apparent.
Yesterday the Jury heard fifteen wit
nesses. Their testimony was sensational,
but it has all been published. They told
under oath what they had voluntarily told
before. Rogers was not called. His case
has reached a point where the jurors do
not care much whether or not he will an
swer questions. If he should answer it
will look well and he might clear himself
of the charges that are brought against
him directly and by implication. If he
persists In his refusal an indictment will
probably follow anyway, bo that there is
not much to be gained by a "stand upon
rights."
More Money Paid Chretien.
A new development In the case of the
Fublic Administrator was brought out in
the testimony of John A. Drinkhouse, who
was examined during the afternoon. It
had been supposed all along that but $200
had been paid out of the estate of Sullivan
to Chretien and that the money was
drawn from the personal funds of Drink
house. Drinkhouse's testimony showed,
however, that $500 more had been loaned
to Chretien in three installments, for each
of which Chretien had given receipts. He
signed them all. "John Sullivan, by .John
M. Chretien, his attorney in fact." The
receipts are made out to "John Sullhan,
sole heir of Joseph Sullivan, deceased, as
an advancement out of his said distribu
tive share." This did not look much like
money out of the private funds of the
Public Administrator and the Grand Jury
questioned closely as to how the money
came to be paid. Drinkhouse testified
that Chretien haunted the office so as to
with forgery, was agrain called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday morning. By con
sent it was continued until this morning
at 9 o'clock, on the understanding that it
would go on until finished, as the Judge
Will leave to-morrow morning on his vaca
tion.
WITNESSES SAT AROUND AND WORRIED WHTXE THE JURY WAS IN SESSION.
antJ-bos? Republicans of the
Fourth Congressional District can
pain control of the governing body
i-i of the rarty in this district if they
will turn out ar.d vote for anti-boss
delegates to the Cor.gr^sFional District
Convention. It is conceded that Julius
Knhn will be renominated without oppo
sition. The only contest in view is that
relating to the selection of a Congres
ricnal District Committee, -which commit
tee will constitute, under the primary
election law, the governing body of the
Tarty In its district.
The existing committee of ¦which Archi
bald Bernard is chairman and P. H.
Prendf-rpast secretary is controlled by
the notorious bosses. Crimmins and Kelly.
The governing body of the Republican
party of the district therefore goes to the
ikllnt saloon for instructions.
The district is one embracing many of
the leading commercial institutions of
California. In many rr-spe<-ts it is one of
the most important Congressional dis
tricts in the United States. Republican
merchants and business men cannot per
mit corrupt and notorious bosses to con
trol the governing body of the party In
this district, without consenting to the
endorsement of a disgraceful proposition.
The bosses now con trolling the commit
tee suspected some weeks ago that the
delegates to be elected to the Republican
Etcte Convention, at Santa Cruz would
change the governing body for the better,
hence they availed themselves of the pro
vision of the election taw which permits
the committee to call for a separate con
vention, ar.d a petition was therefore hied
In the Secretary of State's r.fflcp at Sacra
rronto for a place on the official ballot for
delegates to such separate convention.
The bosses piieaked under cover to file the
petition. They were planning to elect
a squad of "nobodies" in each district. It
ni th« programme to spring the dele
pate ticket on the eve of the election and
confaee the voters by the use of anti-boss
latv-ls.
Republicans of the district are now fully
sdvised regarding the r-cheme of the Mint
raloon bosses. As there were many in
ouiries regarding the apportionment of
delegates under the petition filed by the
i.oyses. The Call sent to Sacramento for
a copy of the document.
Th«- petition was filed on July 5. The
convention is to be composed of slxty
peven delegates. Neither the time nor the
p'.ace of holding the convention is men
tioned fn the application for a place on the
official ballot. The provision in the peti
tion bearing upon this point says:
It Is the intention of Fiich committee, to-wlt,
the Conpreypinnal <'r>mmittee of the Republican
party of tli** T'nJ*^*! Ftat^s of America and
S»at» of Oallfrrr.'.a, in and for the Fourth <>>n
cresFioral IHstrict of cald Ptate, artine on
en+ in t^half of said party in F.iid diFtxict, tr>
call a district convention for the r-urpoiw? of
»r.»kln? nomination of a candidate for Repre
«w>n:at"vo in (V.ngr'M to b* voted for at the
next ensuing general election to l>e held in this
fitate, .or ar.y e;<^la1 .whlrh may be
called within two yeiir? friin the 14th day of
Jttifcu^t. 39 r ''*. to fill a vacancy.
"J*he committee mak^ Ftich arjKirHonoment
lfa^ietall as fitlU-vrr: Twfniy-eighth ABpembly
TMstrirt. five delfRates; Twenty-ninth AF^eni-
WV rVFtrlct, five del=(fate>i: Thirtieth App«vn-
Jily r»l»=irict. flv» delegate?: Thtrty-firFt Apscn
lj!r District, five delegates; Thirty-second Af
dffflWy Piftrl<-t, five delegates; Thirty-third
An-v.-'.'.v l)iPTrirt, five delegates; Thirty-ninth
Ast^mVily District, nlr.e delepateu; Forty-second
AwmMr IM^trict. etpht delegate*: Forty-third
Afwir.hlv r)i=trlct; delegates: Forty
fourth ApsemMy IMrtrict. seven delegates: For
ty -trth Afperrbly I>li-t7ict, four delegates.
*In order to defeat the bosses, the Re
publican business; men of each Assembly
district should put forward a clean ticket
cf delegates to the convention. There
Ihay be contests here and there for fa
vorites in the I><-c:lslature and local nomi-
At a regular meeting: of the Twentv
ninth Assembly District Democratic Club
h«»ld at 207 Fourth street the following of
ficers were elected: President. James J
McSheehy; vice president, J. J. O'Leary
recording secretary. A. A. Peterson
financial secretary-, William Buchanan
treasurer. Timothy Regan; sergeant at
arms, James Welsh.
I>>pal Committee— T. C. Coojran. chairman: A
B. Ware, n. A. Hrideford. K. S. Van Meter
William A. Craig. Louts de F. Bartlett.
I^ater on appointments to the legislative
committee will be announced.
The executive committee will meet on
Saturday. July 28.
Pi^-ps CAmmittee— James P. Booth, chair
mar: T. T. Williams. J. B. Sanford C O
Uunbar. E<1 E. Leake. n^n M. Maddox W A
PraWlng, ¦William D. Was=on. E. A. Pueschel"
Mark H. Plaisted. F.. L. Coinon, H. A. McCra
n^y. Jam^s H. Rarry. C. D. Radeliffe F V
S?!"3 Sr '«£?!i? McOonl^K-J. A. Van HaVlingen!
W F. Prifk. C. K. McClatchy.
F.naice Committee— Rudclph Herold. chair
man: C W. Fay. Max Popper. J. J. Dwyer J.
F. Sullivan, M F. Tarpcy. Wallace A. "VvW.
J .T'. JUxwfll, E. E. Crandall, T. E Shumate
Oastan M. As-he. M. C. Jlasf=*tt. Isidore Dock
-vel'.er, Donz«"ll Etone\-. James U. Budd and
Kn il Pohli.
Kxeoutive Oomnlttfc — R. M. Fitz^trnid.
chairman; St»jitien M. White. M. K. Tarpfy,
James D. Phrlan. James H. Budd. Jamfs O.
Maguire. I"rar.k H. Gould. William H. Alford.
Poth Mann. Washington Dodce. A. Camin«>tti,
NicholHs 13owaf>n R. F. del Valle, Ben M. Mad
don. W. D. Crichton. T. O. Toland. Oscar Trip
pett. J. F. t'oonan. W. H. McDonald, J. J.
WVIIp, C. O. Punbar. Arthur M. Seymour. Dr.
R. W. Hill. M. C. Marsh. George's. Patton.
A\'l!iiam T. -TetPr. E. C. Farnsworth. James A.
War.l, M. F. Cochrane. t). II. Arnold and
The following standing committees were
appointed to assist in the management of
the campaign:
Yesterday J. C. Sims, chairman of the
new Democratic State Central Commit
tee, announced the appointment of
Thomas K. Curran secretary and D. Sam-
Uels trpapurer of the committee.
Democratic State Committee.
nations, but aJl factions will unite in
electing representative merchants and
taxpayers to tli*» Congressional conven
tion of the Fourth District.
In • order to avoid confusion, voters
should bear in mind that there will be no
-•"¦parate convention in the Fifth District.
Tl->r? delegates elected to the Stale con
vention from the various Assembly dis
tricts of the Fifth will resolve themselves
into a convention to nominate a candi
date for Congress in that district.
BOSS' SCHEME IN
FOURTH DISTRICT
Apportionment Plan of Separate
* Republican Convention—Dem
ocratic Committees.
"Advancements" Made to Chretien— Prospects of
Two Men Being Indicted— Chretien
DRINKHOUSE TELLS OF FIVE
HUNDRED MORE PAID OUT
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 19, 1900.
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DR.MQNULTY.
rilHIS WELL-KXOWS AND REL.IABT.KOLT>
X Speciulistcurir* Private. Nervous, unil I Hood .Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on I'rivate Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rV experience.
Patientscuredat Home. Terms reasonable. IToursO
to 3 daily: 6.30 to S::« ev'Ks. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul,
tation freeaud sacredly confldentinl. Call, or address
P. KOSCOK 3IcVIJI.TY, M.l>.
2614 Iiearny St., Han Francisco, Cal.
Your
Eye=GIasses
Are Important— even as your eyesight Is Im-
portant. We mean that every pair of eyeglasses
we flt shall fit precisely. Any oculist wtll tell
you that we are careful and exact.
Our new clip Is security. 50c.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 19.
OPTICIANS^^^'MJW.
642 Market St. instruwntj
under chronicle BUIL0IM&. CATALOGUE FREE.
(Old number 21 Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 6523.
39 STOCK f ON ST., neap Market.
OUR CONSTANT EFFORT 19
TOWARD EXECUTING ORDERS WITH
PROMPTNESS AND UNDERSTAND-
ING AND TO SELL SUCH A RELIA-
"LEI.OT OF GOODS AT SUCH LOW
T.^iSFl THAT GROCERT-BXJTINO
Y^PSiSS MILL> BE PLEASURABLE
AND MONEY-SA\'I.\G. A FEW "SAV-
ING DAYS' " SPECIALS BELOW:
French Sardines, !r t f n %. 2 for 25c
The celebrated Lemoine brand.
RfgTilarly 13c a tin.
01am Bouillon, pt bot 20c, qt bot 35c
Buraham's Clam Bouillon- For th« «Jck. too
Invalid and epicurean.
Regularly £ic and 40c.
Blackberry Brandy, qt bot — 50c
Has our highest indorsement for raeilcaj
purposes.
Regularly 73c
Dandy Soap, 12 cakes 25c
A good laundry soap, made by Falrbaok.
Resrularly 19 for 25c
Vulcan Parlor Matches, gross 55c
Regularly SSo.
Wilson's Rye Whiskey
bot 75c, gallon S3.50
Wilson's Flfth-a-renne Rye Whisky, our
bottling. Regrularly JLOO and ;4.60.
Ice-Cream Freezers, "White Mountain"
Size 1-qt. 2-qt. 3-Qt. 4-qt. «-qt-
Special ..IL5O J1.9O $2.25 ti^li $3.25
Regular .$1.70 J2.I0 12.60 J2.93 I3.T3
Cigars, small size, 6 for 25c
Le Vive, clear Havana cigars, box of 100.
£4-<W- A fine short smoke.
Country Ordera Solicited- Catalogp't Fre&.
3-Day Specials !
liiliitSDAV. FRIDAY. SATURDAY.
Bank Stock Paper— fine for all writing cases.
Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay, makers. •
The favorite of favorites— Jesse Moor* "AA"
whiskey.
Piano and Music House,
Cor. Kearoy and Cutter sts.. 8. V.
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
•Sherman, Clay & Co's
is America's greatest music-box;
it's a purely American invention.
Plays tunes by the thousands by
using interchangeable steel tune
sheets. Every box is beautifully
finished, and the price is reason-
able. Any home can afford a
Regina.
Everybody is invited to visit our
Regina rooms. Send for catalogue
if you cannot come in.
The Regina.
R Hi ' /ia^v ! E£ ' 9 •
BO ! * ! 9 . ;
...FOR...
To-Day and To-Morrow,
9 Cents.
LADIES' or CHILDREN'S RICHELIEU
RIBBED HOSE, full finished, fast black:
regular price 15c.
OKr»LADIES' or MISSES' - SHIRT
ZUWWAISTS, all sizes; regular price &0c.
P^rtr' LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS.
Ovlw trimmed, two ro\V3 of embroidery and
insertion: regular price $1.00.
T ZZ. BLACK OR COLORED
C «JC ACCORDION PLAITED MOREEN
UNDERSKIRTS, 10-inch plaited ruffle; reg-
tUar. price fl.00.
QQr.CRASII OVERSKIRTS. cut very wide,
Ot/'ta' neatly trimmed with white braid; reg-
ular price £Cc. ¦ . . :. .
(-ffp LADIES' NAVT BLUE or BLACK
DOtana WHITE WRAPPERS, ail sizes;
regular price Kic.
1Q-, HEAVY FLEECE-LINED LADIES'
lilv VESTS, lone sleeves, all sizes; regular
price 25c.
rr PC /-» LADIES' NAVY BLUE or GRAY
C OVDUCK OVERSKIRTS, extra wide; reg-
ular price $1.23.
1O7 ODD GARMENTS, comprising: all that
remains of certain lines of Ladles' Summer
Over-skirts, Underskirts, Shirt Waists, etc.,
same will be closed out at 5Oc on the dol-
lar; lots are too small to be advertised;
come early.
We're showing a great line of LADIES' MUS-
LIN UNDERWEAR at popular prices; our
;Wo, ."»Oe, Trie or $1.OO Gowns, Chemise,
Drawers and Skirts cannot be equaled.
Why? Because we're manufacturers and sell
direct to you.
Can say the rarae thing about LADIES'
WRAPPERS; our 55o, 08c, $1,23 and $1.48
Wrapper bargains must be seen to be appre-
° 1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children'* Wear.
Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
Morton Draying and Warehouse Co.
General Dra^mpn— Warehousemen— For-
warding Agrnts— No. 204 Battery street. *
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Bilk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 526 Sutter. •
We Mow the finest things built In Pneu-
matic Wacor.s. and at prices which ha,ve
net Lf. n equaled heretofore.
'this is a Special Opportunity.
From SI30 Upward.
We have received this month nearly one
hundred new things In PNEUMATIC TIRE
BICYCLE GEAR TVAOONS. with wire
wheels and with wood hub wheels. These
wagons are a success, and car stock is
more complete that ever, at prices ranging
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
Attention Is Invited to a special sal* of
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.
ST1EBAKER BROS. V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Hale'a.
Bale's.
Vtbc pcjrffcttajt of/
„ BDTTLhuTTIE DjfflLLERY
(/sei/inf/ieMed'cd/Depdrtmenk of the
U.S. ARMY § NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
""* San Francisco, distributors.
6e*v«rt of/m/tar/om or rt/Wed Bott/es.
ayv^ ¦ under-priced wash- goods - 1L
fcj regular prices are things we spend a great deaj of time and money W
? trying to avoid, here's a case In point. J
A 50 pieces percales, pretty stripes on light grounds. 30 Inches wide: a £k
6b . Job from our New York buyers; worth lite a yard, now 6<-ic *&
¦ Y 1230 yards flannelettes In flie to ten yard lengths, stripes and checks. W
A Jn those pretty pinks and blues; per yard 5c A
/ clearing the summer millinery I
£i little enough to pay to make your eyes sparkle with delight ana IB
\7 twinkle with satisfaction. ?
I ladles' ready-to-wear hats in good styles and color3 trimmed with a A
frjw Bpray of wheat or quill and scarf, as you prefer; each 29c V
V ladles' trimmed hats In gray, reseda, rose or black; this season's most T
T becoming styles; each 13.30 A
c\ the much worn black tucked mou?sellne de sole hats, with spantcled ws
Y crowns— look like flo.OO hats; each sm y
4 children's ready-to-wear 6
/ summer dresses v I
Vb compared with what you and we know lers desirable dresses to be y
I selling for elsewhere, these should fetch at least a fourth more. I
A children's striped percale dresses In rink r>r blue, full circular ruffle A
%} braid trimmed collar and reveres, sizes * to 14 years; each 50c W
T children's crash sailor suits, square sailor collar with wide crash band i
A trimmed with white braid and r?d piping, sailor knot, full skirt finished &
«3 with dpep hem. ages 4 \o 14 year?; cat h jj r/j ra
y children's white lawn dre??es. lace yokes, full ruffle, new French plait- Y
X e<l back, collar, cuffs and ruffle trimmed with Valenciennes lace; sizes 4 to A
Kb 14 years; each $1.73 «
y children's white lawn dresses made with embroidered and plaited T
/ yokes, three-inch ruflle over ."houlders. collar, cuffs and ruffles trimmed A ¦
m with dainty embrolderey, ages 4 to 12 years; each $2.00 B
A smali wares at. tiny prices k
y . Gossip has told to you many a tlrce the saving story of this notion /
A store and here's better yet. ¦ ' JL
fc\ 45-yard spools four-ply darning cottan. In drab, tan, brown, black and «
T» . white, per spool 2- y
/ black enameled stocking dai-ners, each , Z
Qk fancy frilled garter elastic In pink, blue, orange or white, li fa fcV
y wide, regular price, 20 and I5c the yard, now 12^0 y
4 a Thursday trunk sale A
Y Last week we told you of a manufacturer who, to Interest us fn his /
I better grade of trunks, sold us one line without profit, we have thlrtv A
n two of these trunks left— four In the 2S in. size, twelve in the 30 in xl
V eize. twelve in the 32 In. size and four 'n the 34 In. s'.r. ». thev ar# J
1 canvas covered, have Iron bound st»el bottoms, brass locks an j j, e ,.™ A
C% cleats r.crnss top and bottom and sides. The regular prices of th*so «a
> \* trunks range from $j.C0 to J6.C0, according to size, your choice aa lon^ V
/ as they last, each « /
K\ eix trunks with straps, same style as above; worth $6.00 to S7.Sa"»aeh- 6*
y choice at
A this njau JL
@ store orders >3 ',
r£? jr re at summer sale has but three days moro to
lH^ run— to-day, to-morrow and Saturday— after
ftajijr that regular prices will prevail. For the last Wji
|'£f three days we show unprecedented low prices *^f*lS
||§jf f\ $1.75 Dress for 75 Cents. jp|
||k CHILDREN'S Dresses made of fin- IMsh dim'.tv. ntatly
Mjy \m* trimmr^ with lace en neck and sleeves, rufTl • on %M
rag skirt e-ged with fine lace; sizss i to 7 years: spe- 7QQ, J&M
Jpt Rigular selling price $1.75
itlar /V^ ISSES ' Eton Suit S Sailor Suits, Children's and J||
?«« ¦»»* .Viissrs' Wash and Woolen Dr-sses— we will con-
& tinus to s? II all that are left at one-half below tht regular fj^
HP* /~*HILDREN'5 English Duck Jackets, neatly Q^r* fei
||g w trimm:d, sizts from 1 to 6 years, sale price ° jI&A
]£(£ Formerly sold at f 1.50
||a /" r HlLDREN I S Jackets, made of the best p'qif, neatly • jWi
<Fg *** trimmed with fine embroideries and insertions made JfiM
£;l in this mason's cut, s'zrs 1 to 6 years, closing co f\f\ $gm
&&r Regular price 54.00 H|
M F AD1ES 1 Colored Waists, neatly tu:ked effects, made AftR
}$k *-» 0! me newest colorings, wcr; so!d at $1.25, (i^r \$s
51.50 2nd 52.00, your choice \-»uv* ¥iM
!? 840 Market Street,
||i 8AN FRANCISCO. M
|fr^ Mail Orders fi!!eJ. 'ill
1 siS2S^^^S^5^S«S5SISSO3SF?[
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
, Evenings until 9. Sundays all J E]
, day. t H
Full Set of Teeth, pain- 4 gj
J ' less extractions free..*4.OO up 1 BJ
I Gold Crowns, 22-k $3.KO up £2
II Fillings 25c up la
Teeth Without Plates Our " . B
1 Epecialty. We give gas. ' m
, ?»«••••••-••-»¦••••»»»» n
"VAN VROOM,"\
lOOt MARKET, H
SIXTH and MARKET. 1
I 45 to 50 T3 A T""\ O If
1 STYI FS Sj /A r\ i j W
II .All lengths. In oak, mahogany and curly red- W\
% wood. .'All have nickel trimmings. We carry a If*
h complete stock, ready lor immediate shipment «£
Hs We quote positively the lowest prices on the coast fF,
Es* Send five cents In stamps, for postage on new catalog. T^*
1 TheJ.Noonan Furniture Company, Inc., I
l| • 1017-1023 Mission Street, Above Sixth, si
Pg PHONE SOUTH I*. 'T--, £AN FRANCISCO-