TO COLUMBIA ON THE FOURTH DAY OF THE SEVENTH MONTH IN THE YEAR OF TRANSITIONS
ba? clamor doib besiege me inner m tee outer qms ?
JUho sboutetb <4 Peaces? and stimtb an m mtb
B«» Saturn lolned rue jfrcf^r r^r fee «pßs of
petty slates,
Dot!) U«bb$ Egte ©fth m«r$ and aim r&< softs oJ Cftor ?
Wftai wmiigiing posers of 'soul and s«$e hao« waatealy
to tu ?fte Eerfl repcnnftai fte 5am made maaHind ?
saci» dig or befcftiag cannon sad suc& startling Ware of tiriims,
5Hch mean, dwarfed echoes as profane this toy of days,
#re chllaisn, are unwonby of thy destiny tost comes ; .
Esdch Qlfts, and. ai the parting of the ways,
Mmiis thy run tiesercing. ccng torn tftou Deen set on m •
H signal ro the nations, or? thy iight against the sHy !
f sr to the east, across the ocean, \k the crowded lands
Whose genius and whose poverty compelled toy birtf),
Zinc while thou wen an infant bound in swaddling hands
Chcy thought to drain thy yeins to Feed their worn-out earth ;
Hu? fearing, wondf ring, drew back. 4t H miracle!" they cried;
Che infant, sum&lnq tall and strong, flung them as drift aside.
far west, beyond another ocean, lay more crowded sands
OV worn-oat empire?, throngs with leprosy ot soul, [band*
SUbosc brain scarce sent the sluggish impulse to ibeir sieRder
Ujbo multiplied from habit to a huge and sodden whole
Chat held a! bay still others, smaller, greater, yet aKist,
With gleaming hints of what they may be or they once toe been.
Z\mt arc and win De'cre ; yet what hace ib«y to do with thce
C&at t bou sboaidst cfasp tbem in caress! tig or destroying arms?
no I Keep tf<y iiabt till tftcy shall call across tfee $?ai
CbaH ba$t eo sons the better for the plague o? war's alaras.
Qr tbat more deadly, slow; malarial moral taint tbat cretpi
ilncbcckc^ aiOsig the lower levels where its victim sleeps.
ttey low thce'not, for nature 'sertheir ways and tbine apart:
But when t&e world f$ "tbrtlling -with tju prayers of souls In
Erci Aers la spirit ana In purpose, strlcRsjn to the heart, [need,
S!)uMn &? circling bests, dost thou not bear tbctn pleaa?
JlruDojs iDe Tcrd's Jf noint^d ftutlnname? Doth justice wait,
(inbiind^ and alert, upon financial love and bate?
tt Spirit of t&e martvred pas*, draw near to us ibis day!
0 'Hngcl of me future, heed our cry to tbee !
9 SouJ of all tbat Is, !?e?p u$ that are so prone to slay,
So loth to prove that "aH men are created free!"
Beip as, but not to battle vritb tbis war-aod on bis throne ;
Bclp s$ to ittK.bis) tbere, forgonen, nemele$$ and alcne!2
THE SUNDAY CAUL.THE SUNDAY CALL.
3. (To be- continued^
It. 80 were the two little ones, Carnla
snd Ida— Caroia rather thickly ect and
not so pretty a? Ida. who began a con
versation In a low tone, of which Lea
was evidently the subject. There was also
present a man with a kindly, Teutonic
face, a fair beard, bald head, and gold
rimmed spectacles. Tinka presented him
to Lea:
"This Is Professor Justus Hoedel, my
husband."
In the middle of the room the round
table, covered with a cloth, displayed the
crystal, silver plate, serviette* and the
thousand and one-little articles. (hat deco
rate the table In Knglar.d. The twilight,
through the three tall arched windows,
enhanced with a magical gleam the walls
covered with pictures, arms, porcelain and
Asiatic objects-: of all sorts. Like the sea.
the sky had hcccmi; paler Jn color and
was divested of its southern splendor. Th>»
girl went toward the closed windows. Th«
delicate, ashen light of the evening was
creeping over the landscape and a faint
mist clouded everything.
Georg, who had drawn near Lea. divined
her disillusioned melancholy.
"The fog will cWar aw.iy shortly." he
said, "when night fall?. There is no moon
Just now. but the evenings are warm 'find
magnificent."
She thanked him with a smile. A young
girl with an expressionless face, dressed
in a black gown, with nplnk apron. cam«
In quietly. She climbed upon a chnir and
lit the three-branched gaselier suspended
above the table. The Bky.and Eea; disap
peared. The windows were transformed
into mirrors, reflecting the big yellow
room In which shone the white tablecloth;
the crystal,, the silver plate,. cutlery and
other little articles, and where the beloved
faces of Tinka. Georg and Edith, the
friendly faces of Caroia, Ida. the professor
and even of the young servant smiled at
tho Etranser. Lea, turning - suddenly as
them indefinitely, and their hearts throb
bed with fraternal Joy,
The professor 1 * deep voice broke the sil
ence. His scrutinizing eyes, fixed upon
Lea behind tho glasses of his gold-rimmed
spectacles, had been watching her for a
few moments, and for his simple' mind the
result of his observation was that Lea ap
peared to have a keen appetite.
"Tinka!" he cried, "call Lizzie Morley
and tell her to serve the soup. Mile. Lea
has eaten nothing slnco her arrival. She
Is dying with hunger, that Is plain."
"You are quite right, papa," said Tinka.
chasing her dreaminess away with a lit
tle wayward gesture. "Ah! Lizzie! Sit
down, all of you!"
Lizzie Morley, the young, fair haired. In
sipid looking girl with the pink apron.
Just then brought In the hors d'oeuvre.
They all sat down. The warmth of the
room and the eatables unloosed the lit
tle girls' tongues. While the others, ac
customed v to a. cold supper, were eating
caviar and smoked meats. Lea took a
plate of warm consomme with a poached
egg In it. Ida confided to her elder sister
Caroia a secret desire to taste It, and se
rious little Caroia could not keep, the se-.
cret, but told it to all those around, the
table.' Lea smilingly called Ida to her and
before tasting anything herself she made
her drink a little of the steaming 'con
somme. -The child's grave air as she. held
out her pretty lips for the spoon amused
everybody, Professor Hoedel in particu
lar." ,' ;' .--'¦ '. '.;,¦ ,¦¦;¦ ..,.; -. •. "
"Are they not both charming, made
moiselle ?"-^!^iesSiS=i«S»*5i9?£«'$B<|«teMWi**
•¦ "They are ! ravishing." said Lea, capti
vated by Ida'a graceful ways. , .•
The professor stopped eating for a mo
ment and, knife and fork in' hand; gave
way to a flt-of -sentimentalism which- his
attitude and countenance of- a spectacled
Gambrinus rendered rather comic. -. " --
"Ah, .those little ; ones, : mademoiselle!
appearance. "With eyes fixed, her youth
ful countenance rigid with thought, she
forgot to carve the grouse before her. Lea
recognized this ecstatic expression with
secret joy. . . "
"You are., forgetting to carvo the- grouse,
dearest!" remarked Professor Hoedel.
"Oh! carve them for me. papa, I. pray
you." she replied. • ¦ .
. "She is in tho clouds," said the entomol
ogist, l.'iughing. •¦
He began to do as she- asked. -Tinka,
.without moving her head, her. hands
clapped, on the edge of the table, mur
mured: •?-¦••'¦
"Our house in Larmsoe! ; I think it
would have been Impossible for me to re
turn there when Georg came back .from
Italy and persuaded me to resume life
with Professor . Hoedel and our daugh
ters." . : ' 'v-..
Hoedel, who was arranging the carved
grouse upon u dish, Interrupted his wife:
"Tinka!!'
And with a glance he called her atten
tion -to the two girls, who ¦ had stopped
whispering and were listening gravely to
their mother. y
• "Whv should T keep silent before them,
father?" replied the young woman, put
ting her tiny hand ;upnn the : red, hairy
one of her husband. "Will you always be
afraid of the. truth? The truth never did
harm. 'and the younger the child is the
more we owe It the verity!" -
The professor, shook hts head like a man
who was ready to submit to uny thing.
"Of .course,' . Of course! Forgive me. I
know you aro always right." ''¦ .
' Tinka ¦ again ¦.-.' caressed .. Hoedel's red.
hairy hand, and without touching the food
inher,.plate. she continued: ¦ r .
, ' VEvcn. now I am 'not sure that I. could
go'home.tO Flnland'and take up our: life
as -before. ,'It is for-that that! have pro
longed 'our. stay, here; month; after -month
in spite of the professor, who. would, like
to be with his books again, his studio' and
%0h! Jinkd. 3 am so happy hare'*
made me leave the house and my work
end collections that very day without giv
ing me time to reflect. He ordered me
about like a kins." n
Ida broke Into a peal of ringing laugh
ter.
"Thev packed our trunks quick, and we
took the liont in the evening- to go tn
n?nmma. I forgot my blue dress. I hope
the rats will not eat it."
"Aline Is upstairs." said Caroia. "I did
not forpet it. But I don't want to wear it,
l>pcfiuse 1 always want to be ures5ed like
Ida."
"Oil." resumed Georg. "how Ftrong 1
was at that moment. The despair of hav
ing failed to win Leu from her compan
ions tn Paris doubled my energy and for
tified my conviction. I hated the past.
The. roore 1 suffered the Etirer 1 felt cf
the truth."
Lea could not help asking:
"And now, Oeorg?"
"Now, months have elapy»d and nat
urally tar from the country of light 1
have become again a little of the barbar
ian of former times. The truth no longer
appears as imperious and vioj^jit as of
old.- If it ' had not already been accom
plished I doubt whether I should have
will pov.-cr to reunite Tinka and Hoedel as
I did then. Like Tinka. I look back wL* w
• sympathy upon the phantom of our fur
mer consciences which inspired us to the
flight regarded by people In general as
an act of madness."
Professor Hoedel let -his fork, with
which he- was struggling with the carcass
cf a grouse, fall into hi» plate and cried:
"You are surely not going to begin again
and leave m»? alone a second time with
the children?" . _
He said it with an -flfhdtSEruised terror
that set.' everybody around the tab'e
shrieking with laughter, the children
louder than the others with that Instinct
ive laughteivof childhood In which domi
nates their desire for .movement anil
noise. ¦ ¦
"No. ¦ Justus," sakl Tinka, looking nt
Hoedel with affectionate kindliness. "I
will never leave you again. Did I not tell
you n few momenta ago thaj; my present
conscience is in perfect accordance with
my life?"
"That may he," said the professor, rath
er ruefully, "but suppose you find your
other conscience, as you call, it, at
Larmsoe when we return.'and; It- acquires
control of you again? God onlj - knows
what will happen then. I would prefer
never to' see: Finland again!"
This time it was Georg who replied: .
"Don't he afraid, Justus. Precisely be
cause our faith is less overbearing, wfl
are Incapable of taking such a violent and
unexpected decision as our flight, or even
as our return. ,The troth now appears.
' to me as a changeable communication be
tween the worlo and my mind." .
Hoedel. a little reassured, poured out a
glass of beer and. to prove his desire to
be agreeable.- said:
•?You mean probably that there exists
an objective, and a; subjective truth. We
learn that at the university."
Georg did not reply, but Edith, who up
to that point had said nothing, protested:
"You talk like Gentiles." she cried se
verely. "The truth is unchangeable, -For
he never changes/ he who sakl. 'I: am the
way , the truth and the life.* Apart from
¦him- there Is -only confusion, terror- and
death.'.' ¦ ¦ ¦ : . .-v
' .: Ida .and Caroia looked -at each other.'
suppressing a giggle. Aunt'Edith's blbll-
ham. salad, poached egss anfl tiro flJshes
of the- Devonshire fruit, which Is equal
to the most magnllicent gathered in
southern countries. Lea ate of all with
keen appetite, no longer as a sort of duty,
as when she was in the Commercial road
hospital. In obedience to "Little. Tom's"
prescriptions. A . little champagne was
poured out into the Rlassea. and the chll
'Iren having tasted it. their noisy chatter
peon put a stop to any continuous con
versation.
"I'ncle Georg," cried Ida. clambering on.
the knee of the young man. "are you go
ing to stop at home a little. now tna * the
French lady Is here?"
"^hall you take her nut to sea with
you?" asked Caroia. more timidly, watch
ing her .-«istor'3 antics without daring to
Imitate them.
. Tinka was just then telling Lea of the
strange life led by Gtorg since his re
turn irom Paris.
"When he came back to London from
Larrosoe. bringing the children wit!) him,"
ahe said, "his nervous prostration alarm
ed me. lie seem* tl to have exhausted all
his energy in thla act of atonement. He
became much f«cbled In London, remained
shut up all day long in Apple Tree Yard,
refused to go cut or to see any one, ex
cept us and clear Kdith. As far a.s re
gards her, he never tired of hearing her
talk of the days you had passed together
in Clurlfs &. Sons factory. What trouble
we had to make him agree to leave Lon
don! At Hrsst we went to Pcr.zanre, In
Cornwall. And there lie suddenly appear
ed to be hypnotized by the ora and made
several voyages with the fishermen. He
would disappear for weeks at a time. I
was very uneasy about him. But the sea
hf" isaved him. has restored his strength
".rfrid his desire for life almoHt in spite of
himself. During one of his cruises he dis
covered Torquay and %vas immediately
fascinated by Its resemblance to Italy. So
he dragged ua here."
"What does he do here?" asked Lea.
Georff. continued to play wtth the two
gjrls, but his eyes at each moment sought
and caressed Lea's affectionate gaze.
"lie continues to lead a solitary exist
ence away from us." continued Tinka.
"But he seems to ha\"e become tired of
long voyages. It is very rare th<U he
goes, outside this favored bay. There is a
rock t-allod Gilder Rock not far from Tor
quay, near St. Mary'* Church, about two
miles from the coast. It belongs to a
certain Mr. Saville. whose father seems
to have been an origina! sort of Individ
ual, for he built a little church, which
his death prevented htm.frqm completing
upon a little plateau half way up the
rock. The present Saville or. rather, his
steward, agreed to let the rock and the
church, already in ruins, to Georg and
he has had It furnished after a fashion
and has made a sort of studio of the
church. He spends his days there far
from everything. He has even slept there
on one or«two very 'warm -nights in Au
gust. As for me, I have never se*n
- iillder Rock, except from afar: in' faJt.
from the to war of St. Mary's Church.
Georg has never consented to take m* or
the children >wlth him. although they im
plore him to do so every day."
»" "He will take me.", thought -Lea.-V
* And the thought increased her df*ire to
be alone with him, face to face vlth tbe
sea upon the rock where no other human
being had ever accompanied hlr«
-. They .were rising from the. taole when
.a- young man with a black beaT*l..an im
mense forehead, regular featur*" and fine
brown eyes, was shown in by Uzzle.
'> "Ah .'Doctor!" cried ' . Georp." going to
meet him. He presented him to Lea: *'My
friend. Dr. Robert Bryce." ¦-?'
Lea bowed slightly, somewhat troubled
by the scrutinizing glance t5e doctor gave
her. "Lizzie wished to take the children
awav. but . Ida. dancing F* ee fully around
the -young man.- erie<i: :iMmawaRE
"Doctor!. Doctor! Tell 'Jier-that it's not
time for me to so' to bfid."
BEYOND this point were gardens in
which young men with smooth, red
faces and boylike girls In white
dresses with yellow leather belts
•wore playing lawn tennis. Georg told her
that these points, were Princess Pier anJ
I'rincers Garden. '"; '¦>
"The port begins there." he said. . It
is shut in by Princess Pier on one side
and on the other by Haldon Pier, a small
tr one. which you will see is Just under
neath your window. All the big yachts
fc.nd mercbaQt vessels anchor in the port.
As a matter of fact, several graceful
ships and a few big eargo boats were an
chored in the water* of the basin, but
Lea was no longir looking toward that
Eidfc the was tollowtng with her, gaze
two little carriages like armchairs -upon
Wheels; drawn by ponies and led by cmia
:<n. in the rtrst m a woman of about
thirty years of act, «n the other a man
tomewhat younger. They resembled each
other a::d were both stamped so visibly ,
v.ith consumption that Georg, as much
shocked as Lta. dared not speak another
The landau, after making the tour of the
¦port enteied the town for a moment, or
ratfc. r. went round the corner of it. so to
£!»fcak just sumrit-nt to enable them to
perceive the crowded, bustling streets
built u;> tl.e hillside. Again they return
v<i 10 the esplanade, climbed up a slope
T! ,h several little houses on the left all
alike lb' ir balconies hidden by canvas
await'*?, and stopped before one of them.
biUnaj-' upon its door a plate with the
Lame. "J>arimore House," in black let-
At the pame moment the door opened
"aiu they saw a £irl of about seven years
of age, with fair, curly hair, bright light
, \ i s ilressed in a short skirt of white and
;¦) i-'inoik cambric. She sprang on the
buji < : the carriage, clambered over the
low <1 or. with a display of little white
strrstched drawer* and black stocklngeQ
• ¦ ... r and cracefully molded lees, she
ini'iiiled between Lea, cieorg ana Editn
eij-J l"i-';in to ki?s the latter with dlvert-
A-ji-.r Edith!" Fhe cried. "Here is
Aunt K'inh naefc again!"
L'aith t^iruKPit-d under the kisses, over
jpyed to hear herself called by the af
fectionate r.ame of aunt, which the chlld
i. ¦ ..; the north give to the familiar
lrn nae • t tli<> house.
"ida! lua: You ritar little thing!" she
cried. "Be qutel! Be quiet, I beg!"
],• .< smiled. Georg asked:
••\\ h> re is your mamma?"
¦•i;; the flrattJiiK-room waiting for you.
F:.. saia she was too nervous and couid
:iM <-on»e down stairs. She's with Caroia.
i;<!i!a ::> :r./ FiMcr. " fhe added, looking at
Ixa with a i-oneentrated attention that
:;:;!¦!. i;«-r become tilent suddenly.
Id the meaotJme the luggage of the two
travelers had l»e*-n handed down by the
cabman to a-*>h<jrt. baldheaded man In
:^ h rt sleeve*, with a red face, bloodshot
f>cs and white beard, very businesslike
ui.ti r-rvtt in appearance, who carried in
t!:<- trunks upon his shoulders.
Ida iuxnpen <iown. Edith got out in her
ti ...u then ccorg. who held out his
hand t«> Lea- ' - •' ¦
Goers ;ii:«i I.ea followed H'iith and Ida
. : - ibe iiail on the ground floor and up
: ..• wooden staircase leading to the first
iiuor, where, opening upon a landing of
tjr.y dimtiii-:!nni?. wk two doors, one to
in." rism and iho other in front of the
Fiairca*>e. l.t.i v.:th Georg went through
the .«.t«r, crbicb v.a* open, into a room
; : ; . :.u Uj hgut ratio* wan a big friezeat
:•:< ¦ < iUiitr. the walls covered with pict
uns. «-»);.;ra vines ami Chinese, Japanese
BX.il l:-.il.zi> kr.U K-kt;acks.
Y!.r.e ia.1 Windowa. < ne of which was
] ;>;:-o; < i,« ¦>, luok< d out upon the sea. In
ti:- m.tidl./ of tile room, standing motion
j, ,^ — wit.ii ji. Up faroia uy iier stand
i..n ;.s mciioxuees a* sne—was a young
v.n.au lircfistd ::i a tkirt of white plquo
bo£ a lm:eiti ot th.- Fame material over a
t , •:•£ < hiuiit-cttfc. Tho starched dress was
bt -M'«i.at too short to hio»:- these siender
£.r:U:CH and lir.y icet in the:r tanned shoes.
i t \»i:s a.itnua to <letine the age of this
}oung v.. tr:;m. Her early hair, rusy com
;>tcx-.<.ii and red Up* gavo her a childlike
sri'v.-ir.-i^ce. in striking ccntraft with tne
jt»j: nudity, iixity and imaginative dream
imu3 r.i ti;e regard u bet gray-green eyes,
L&e'tltdu of Oicrg. It was Tinka.
:%..•• .-< • med nui *.o »ee oeurg or Edith,
•or <itn lua who was dancing around her
lutie t»stcr. Her gaze was nxed upon Lea
anu :t.:2.-d nuily UJ drink her in. Lea
tUoppca a lev.- paces av.ay. overwhelmed
;¦• ., :..•>! «• powerful emotion than she had
Jell \m< n ijtoig hau appeand a short
t :-..' ;«i^r«-' ht-r. Her nnotion then had
ltvi: distracted by tne desire to piease. to
I . ... i uuful by me curiosity to look once
pior« tijwa iht fiaiures of her betrothed
utu i U«e 2«T.g separation. Hut now she
U'aa face Uj tace with a soul. Tinka was
Ma- u\uig symbol *t the doctrines that
had 0 .<<j her with exaltation In Apyie
Mite iihe was the pure spirit, the
i- lAvCiM-Jt a:.k« I of tier m.>stSc betrothal.
¦i-,;,i.i."s tmuiion euqaled lier own. for at
the run ot her nij>tenous eyes two big
•• .• ¦ ;• uttered. At that moment only did
L« .. u.V.i !>tand, feel and live this reaiity—
it ..: >'..' l:a«j as^in found the source of
}:t r it-.-ir.er sensitiveness, led astray and
lust for a p'.iort time.
The litU« lairy with flaxen curls, in the
Bt!fl drees of white pique, stood before her
In the m:ii<ii«: of the yeiiow drawing-room,
crow, in tl l.v a nimbus of sunlight reflected
ji>i:n the tea, an aureole of rays that quiv
«!.-3 arour.d her like a spiritual flame.
],•< who until that moment had been so
¦itent that »ieorg: was not sure, of having
levogx.izt-d the t>uuiiw of her voice, uttered
i. prtat cry.
' 'Ah, Tir.Ka! At last! At last:"
Sue fell u,to the young woman's arms,
th. 'i suddenly supped to the ground uk«
a tulip, and was carried in
ci'-'iTs'^ arms and laid upon the bed in th<
,j;.::t rooxa,
Twilight was already invading the room,
•nhicii tli<i not !<>ok out upon tne sea. but
Upon a ratlier narrow and Kloomy court
jan). when l>ea reco\'ered complete cou
tciousiicss of herself. Her fainting fit.
v.iiti'ut l-eins painful or suffocating, had
Lasted: only a t>ruf instant. As soon as
d-o!ir K.-iii laid her upon the bed the
¦nomeoiuy oppression had melted into a.
proft uncl slumner of fatigue. Then this
ui5O fedtd away, was dissipated, leaving
only a vague somnolence in which she
heard gentle whispers and perceived vis
ions of living creatures and object*. The
<¦ ;•.: ruoan of a fog eignal reached her
«;;:s. Her heart beat more rapidly, then
(n'xrn.A down again, filled with a confused
ioy. ' "Tlif sea: The sea Is' qult<v close.'"
bhe fell asleep again. Jn her slumber nbe
ejrain looked upon the turquoise bay. with
its golden gleams, the verdure-covered red
capc.% the boats, the graceful yachts ar.d
the steamers decorated with flags. Then
few *^yos opened suddenly, and she saw at
lire opposite side of the room the half
open Juldinp door leading into the yellow
disown p-ro'.m. Little Ida. dressed In her
Cfctcfc print frock, was sitting in the cor
ner i>erched on a chair, her tiny feet hook
«•<! en th«i bars. With an open book upon
r< r knees she was pretending to read
quietly, her forehead bowed over the book
swept by her curls. But Lea taw that
l.«-r beautiful eyes were fixed upon her
cuiinufcJy. And J>*»a again fell asleep.
Oti>«r "shadows came and went near her
whii« - she hovered between reality and
dream: an unknown face with a lair
b^ard. laid licad and gold-rimmed spec
t:uc:«fc: tli« f.-Litiiliar face of Kdith: a vague
ten. a.ie liRure in pink, bibbed apron.
>'<hIm r Georgvpor Tinka came in, and lil
tli by little thefcnxlety of not seeing them
dihlurbcd l^a's repose and drove awjy
the lat*t vestige of >leep. She raised her
f(\X .jp<>«i her «>lbow, «nd little Ida, who
was still watching her from her chair,
cri<d:
"Mamma, she is moving!"
Tink3 was immediately by the young
plrr* side. She had not left her, but vrasi
pitting behind the bed. bidden by the cur
tains. Sf;* 1 stooped over her.
••Jlov/ are you, my dear?"
"I :>m much better. 1 liave rested very
••We r.;i'A- thnt you needed a little Bleep,
end e\H rything was made quiet in the
bouse eo ilint you might rest."
•*1 \rr>iild like to get up now."
•'Notlii^K is "asier. Kverything I? ready
for roOT toilet. Shall I help you?"
"Oh. r.o. thank you. Tinka! Edith will
help :r>«'. She is accustomed to It."
A stranjre sentiment of modesty »ei red
I.ra J>r-for« G*'org's lifter. She. dreaded to
be *e*n so frail, so different from her for*
mer robust beauty.
"Co for Aunt Edith, Ida, to come and
dr'-ss O;e French lady."
J>!ith helped I^ea to make a careful
toilet- Al'Jjo'JSh she was the enemy gf
' ¦¦¦¦Mllilimii ¦IJIMIIMfl IT B^atfiflHMIiMTlBWIM iTfciall
C^yTight-CIIAPTER V-Continued.
BOOK THE THIKD.
the. light flashed upon them, saw In one
glance the narrow space that inclosed the
entire world for her in the future. It was
one of those movements in which the du
ration of time Is abolished. In which all
Iho past, all the future, are contained in
the swing of a pendulum. Paris. France,
the school— PirnitJV, Frederique, Duyvecke
—all this surged up before her. She could
distinguish the absent objects and beings
as in the night an entire landscape comes
to view prodigiously distinct In a sudden
Hash of lightning, and then it suddenly
enaced. She saw her two existences, her
two countries, simultaneously, that of to
day and that of yesterday. Something
seemed to snap invher heart— a link that
she had believed broken a long time ago —
aifd the rupture was painful. The exiled
girl by a formal act of her will had re
nounced country, family and all the past.
; "This Is my family and country," she
thought.
She loved all the objects that welcomed
ber. that rejoiced In her presence. Tinka
and Georg, whose eyes never left L»a's
visage, realized that she gave herself to
all vain coquetry, for herself or others,
the nurse's rigorous principles weakened
in favor of Lea. so thankful was she that
she had nursed her back to health by her
care and iufluepce. Besides, she longed
passionately for Lea to be found attrac
tive by Georg, and for the marriage to be
accomplished. She dressed the girl llko
a mother dresses a daughter whom she is
going to present to her betrothed. Lea
put on one of the dresses that she had
made in her lodging In Gower street with
the.help of the Cockington girls, a light
costume of red velvet, dotted with orange,
which dissimulated the thinness of hor
body and added a little color to her pal
lid face. .When she entered the drawing
room, followed by Edith, smiling with
happiness, she read admiration upon all
their faces.
"Oh, Lea. dearest: how beautiful you
are, and how well you look!"
It was Tinka. dancing with joy. who
spoke, frivolous again, now that she was
reassured; by the sight of Lea standing
before her living and beautiful. .
Georg was there also, and came and
?ook one hand of his beloved and kissed
They kept up my courage to live at a
time when I was really wretched, all
alone with them at .home in Larmsoe.
That was when your mother was travel
ing with Uncle Georg," he added, turning
to the two girls, who were not even lis
tening to him. "Yes, thanks to laughter
and playing in our empty houses-much
more than to my work— I am an entomolo
gist and love my science— the methods of
solitude merely resulted In giving me gray
hairs."
The active young girl with the pink
apron came in again, cleared the table
and put a brace of grouse cooked In bacon
upon the table.
"Lizzie." said Ida. in her clear voice,
stopping her as she passed. "I have taken
a little of the French lady's soup. I think
there was too much salt in it. I don't
like salt."
"For shame, Ida!" said Lizzie, In a low
tone.
She disappeared, quick and silent, bear
in? away the plates.
"Is that your servant?" asked Lea.
"No," replied Georg. "She Is the daugh
ter of Captain Morley, the little red-faced
man who carried In your luggage. In his
youth the captain traded for years, prin
cipally between England, and India, China
and Japan, and picked up most of the ob
jects that decorate this house' during his
voyages. He lives here with his wife and
daughter and lets the house during the
season." •
"And Madame Morley?"
"Oh! we never see her. She Is asthmatic
and can only go upstairs with difficulty.
She usually stops in her room, on the
second floor."
Tinka had raid no attention to Lizzie
Morley or to the remarks provoked by her
his Hbrarv, smoking his pipe with his old
friends. I am sure that another Tinka is
there, waiting and watching for me in
that wooden building, near the big porce
lain stove. And that other Tinka make3
me afraid."
Looking at her brother, she continued:
"That other Tinka. Georg,- has retained
all our old ideas. We should recognize
our old conscience in her. She may per
haps be hostile to the Tinka of to-day
who no longer thinks exactly as she doe3.
The Tinka of to-day is right; but was the
ether one wrong?- Was sha mistaken?
I am afraid of discovering that there are
several progressive truths, different and
yet each true in turn. Oh, Georg. when
you returned to Larm3oe to bring my hus
band and my daughter back to me, when
you recognized afar off oup house, nest
ling in the snow, and the somber trees
In the garden., which seemed to mount
guard over it, were you not also afraid of
finding your old conscience standing- upon
the threshold— the one that had com
manded you to do the exact contrary of
that which you were going to do?"
Georg, like Tinka, had ceased eating.
Leaning back in his chair, with downcast
eyes and with the meditative beauty of a
young sage, he replied: : . .
. "No. I returned there impelled by a
strength that knew neither hesitation nor
obstacle. If I had found the phantom of
which you speak I should have driven it
brutally from the threshold. The new in
flux of light and life had penetrated and
transformed the barbarian that I used to
be. I believed I held the absolute truth.
My conviction and confidence were bound
less. Hoedel was subjugated by it imme
diately."
"Yes," murmured the scientist; "Georg
cal quotations were an endless source of
amusement for them. .
"Happy Kdith:" murmured Tinka in a
low tone. "A few sentences are sufficient
to solidify her faith. Just as Caroia ana
Ida are satisfied with little stones which
they pretend are pieces of gold. *£""*
and Ida Imagine they can buy the whoie
world with their stones." .
Edith blushed, Lea had listened viith
gladness to this conversation, in whicn
she had only taken part by asking a ques
tion. She was not accustomed, as uniw
and Georg were, to abstract discussion,
nor had she. any particular taste for it.
But the simple, tranquil conversation or
the brother and sister charmed .her ears
like a once beloved but l:mg silent music
which imperiously awakened old mem
ories and took her back into the cherished
time of her sentimental initiation. And
even the sense of Georg and Tinka a
words added to her happiness. It would
have saddened her to hear them renounce
the past and the moral faith that hacl
made them so attractive, so exceptional
In Lea's eyes when she first knew them
in London. The Georg that she had seen
in Paris, destroying his idols, had not ap
pealed so closely to her heart. To-day,
in meeting a Georg and Tlnjca resembling
the Georg and Tinkn of old in face, she
rejoiced to discover that their minds were
unchanged. She felt a sentiment of ten
derness for the beings and objects around
her. As she was sitting between Tinka
and Georg she bent over Tinka kissed
her at the nape of the neck: and Georg
was thrilled by the kiss. ;
In the meantime the Indefatigable lit
tle Lizzie had entered and gone out sev
eral times with dishes and plates. She
tad successively laid upon the table cold
As hnmbl«* and touching a? poor Chris
tine mlrht have been formerly when sh<»
still had couraw to resist Henri rt'Abznc'a
appeals. Lea replied r
"No. I beseech you. nrv beloved! Not
row. T^t me . become beautiful again.
Beautiful a." *t old. for you, so that you
may love me!"
-She calls him her doctor/' said Jink.
fmnT wh d en h fhe a {la d a'a;phtherU
with dos« attention. •"<! »J« "510 did n"t
peremptory. .«" j££to?3 knew no more
iS^ertlilSi 1 w«!fA P knew bow
to be cured, got better. _ atlMlt be
••For example. Ida * * f^J^o^ has
BSgggSSS
"Well. I will come »«. all V
And In reply to Georg's mute interruga
'^l^wnl leave Miss Surfer In peag
for to-night. 1 am sure a lie *"} £{«£
WCIL I will come again. If you
me, to-morrow about 11 o ciock, ««
¦^Se^Si he added half seriously:
¦HH8
one of her helpless arms hanging over
l Th^e?«S'rtW«Sir. There was no
¦sel b?e« P e and the air was motionless and
warm. Just as Georg had itaid. the e\en
ing mist had become rarefied, had mewa
and left the sky clear. Kdith w * n * .'il""
cape and threw it over Leas
••Come out on the balcony, she said
Lea looked around for Justus Hoedel.
"Whew Is your husband, A^J* ¦_„_«
"He is gone up to his room. He usually
enores a little after meals, and pe.baps
he dared not before you. ~hnn
They all left the yellow parlor, whllo
Lizzie Morley was clearing away tne
table, and went on the balcony. The
cloudless night was very n^oomi. "Tn»
stars in/ the somber sky seemed oxidized
with rust. Out toward the open sea no
other lights were to be seen save the stara
and the evanescent silvery P °£Pl™re<j- h
cent gleams on the surface of the water.
At the foot of the rising road, w hicft
passed Dartmoor House, the black mass
of the bathing establishment stood \Tp
dark and gloomy. Still further on. in tne
middle of a sort of dock In the port, a
Bteam crane was hoisting the cargo into
e big boat surrounded by a halo of llgnt.
Tall electric globes, like a necklace of
tnauve pearls, outlined the curve of the
ouav, between the port and the station.
Beyond the most distant of these lamps
the obscurity began again ami all the
scenery disappeared In the night.
But Just in front of the Morley s dwell
ing', upon the horizon at the other sine or
the bay— far. far, extremely far away—
scintillated the low lights of Paington.
stretching along in a sort of straight line.
A gulf of gloom separated Palngton ami
Torquay — a gulf broken here and th«-<««
by the ruby and emerald signals hanging
Bt the masts of ships and yachts, like a
flower on an invisible stalk, buried in the
tea In a Ions red and green root, with a.
quivering outline.
And that sea, faintly revealed by a few
phosphorescent gleams; that sky, with Ira
reddish stars; those scattered lights; the
balmy air of that fortunately situated
bay, the vast silence in which every sound ¦
could be counted— all united to form a
landscape of mystery and enchantment.
Lea, standing leaning on the iron balus
trade, between Georg and Tinka. felt th;it
this scenery equaled her vision. In the
feverish nights spent in the hospital she
had already looked upon this night. Its
southern warmth, impregnated with Fait
and iodine, had already soothed her limbs
and cicatrized her throat ami lun?s. She
nestled closer to Tinka's supple figure.
"Oh, Tinka!" sho .murmured. "I am so
happy here. Keep me near you. I want
to live. I want to be happy."
"Yea." replied the young woman. "It is
very beautiful. "We- ought to love this mo
ment. It Is a halt for repose In our des
tiny after a hard Journey up the Hill of
Calvary. Like you, I fee! the approach of
happiness." • -
Some moments passed and no one spoke. *
A little space still separatf d Georg ami
.Lea upon the balcony. And yet they hail
not been cleJser together, even at the me
; ment wh«n;Lea left the train and flew
Into .the arms of her betrothed. Th>»y
were thinking of the same thing, of the
same hour in the past, when they hmi
also leaned side by side on the balustrade
of a terrace overlooking the Thames and
had looked into the night top-ether. Then. '
as now. they had felt a violent desire to
embrace one another, to become one, the
desire that torments and enfevern the
blood of young creatures who love each
other. But a law of their conscience, al
though they had not formulated it clear
ly, had restrained them then. They would
not yield to their desire; they hardly ad
mitted this desire. To-day their eon
sciences were free. Through a. hundred
trials they had succeeded in rejoining
each other. They were near one another
— were free to belong to one another.
"I am going upstairs to see the little
ones." said Tinka suddenly.
She slipped away quietly through one of
the open windows leading Into the yellow
drawing room. Lea and Georg. turning
around to look after the neat, white sil
houette then perceived that Edith was no
longer there, although they had believed
her to be sitting In the dark at the other
end of the bak-nny.
They were alone.
Lea. realizing: this, was seized with a fit
of indecision. She turned toward tho
house, then made up her mind and moved
away as though to go after Tinka. Georjj
retained her by the arm and murmured:
"Stop here. I implore you."
She obeyed at once, overjoyed by words
which guided her wavering will. She
threw Edith's cap? on a chair in tho
drawing room and followed Georg to tho
" corner of the balcony, where he led her
and where he was leaning against the
iron bar. Their hands trembled when they
met. seeking each other. They looked In
each other's face by the light in the room,
which lit up the hak-ony. Then Genre"*
hands abandoned Lea's, which fell limply
by her side. He caressed her arms, her
shoulders, quivering at the thrilling con
tact of her velvet dress. He Joined his
hands behind the young girl's neck among
the soft curls that had slipped from th«'ir
confines. Lea, vanquished, vie.Med up her
head to this loving clasp. She immolated
herself to the beloved victor, whom she
had found at last, unheedful of the inde
structible modesty which protested,
against that immolation. With her head
bent backward she only saw the immense
orb of the sky. in, which the red stars
seemed dying A delirious giddiness made
all things seem to turn beneath her feet.
She felt no other support in the vast,
dark blue ether than that provided by
the two beloved hands elapsed under her
hair, holding her suspended among tho
worlds. Her vertigo became so Intense
that she had to close her eyes, and then
she seemed to see her soul from within.
She felt the Impression that something
was drowning, was falling Into an abyss.
She saw Hhe Indtftnant face* of Pirnltz
and Frederique, her own former Image,
the Image of the mystic Lea who had ex
changed her troth • with Ceurg on the
moors of Hampstead Heath.
"Oh. I want all that to disappear! T
want to think ot it no longer, to think or
it never agaJn."'
She wished to be an ordinary woman, to
abtllcate'her great enthusiasms. And <>ha
was happy In her defeat. She nestled
r*g-iinst Gf"f?. though sh? still resisted
the slow delicate attraction of the fingers
that irres'stlbly drew her toward h!s face.
She thought of the klra he had given her
i»t Richmond, a kiss that had r^maine.l
the on* souvenir of her senses, but. one
that va* so dear, so living, that it had
been sufficient to overwhelm inaensiblv
her entire conscience. She felt Oeorg'a
face close to her own. felt his breath u;x>n
her cheek, and sighed.
•No. dearest! I pray you: Not yet'
But their lips had met. and then Lea
thought no longer. It was not the Inex
plicable. Incomplete- emotion aroused by
the kiss at Richmond, the apprenticeship
In Happiness of Ignorant 11ns. This time
Gecrg conquered her veritably, sealed tho
lips of Ms betrothed with a conscious vio
lence. 'She was a sl.ive. and her emotion,
less pure r.nd more voluptuous, was tinr^l
with bitterness. When, t^rnueh larsltudo
and powerlessncs to support the excels cf
the sensation, their lips released each
other, she pressed her forehead against
Georg's bosom. She bruised her forehead,
with ecstasy against the round frem la
one of the young nun's studs. Thev re
mained silent for a few moments. Then
Georg. puttlrg his lips to Lea's ear. h'a
voiee" changed and trembling. murm»ired:
"I want to remn'n with. you to-night, t
cannot leave you."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
LEAgown should show above the sagging flag,
as in many a thoughtless drapery. Draw
up the flag to the bottom of the coat of
mail and let the white robe show around
the feet.
There Is nothing that offends the eye
more than seeing the flag drawn tight. It
was never made to do anything but hang
loosely.
The American flag should never trail.
You won't need an artistic eye to see
that; your own patriotic heart should tell
you. Draw.it up to the shoulder and
catch It there so that Its corners shall
not touch the dust. At . ¦V'«>- three points
should the flag be caught iOi graceful ef
fect. Clasp the. starry corner at the right
shoulder, where a rosette may hide the
fastening. I>et it droop below the waist,
then catch the other upper corner, at its
very tip to the left shoulder. 'One more
fastening— at the waist — is quite enough.
The liberty, cop, the spear and the shield
should be part of Aliss Columbia's trous
seau. Without them she lacks part of her
significance. As well might any other
belle go to the opera without a class or
to the ballroom without a fan. For she
must be ready to, defend when others at-
Does this solve
the Mystery
of the Pyramids?
in order that the intellectual treasures
of Egypt might be preserved in them, and
during recent years more than one sci
entist has expressed, though somewhat
guardedly, ;;the opinion that the secret
chambers might have been used for pur
poses of initiation.
A key to this entire mystery has now
been, found In that wonderful work, "The
Book of the Dead," -which Richard Lep
sius, a distinguished German Egyptolo
gist, discovered some years ago In the
tomb; of a priest named Auf Aukh," the
original papyrus of which is now pre
served in Turin. Scholars who examined
It soon after it was discovered said that
it was an exposition, more or less fan
tastic, of the life led by Egyptians after
death. ¦ .Th^igod Thoth wasj believed to
be the autlLr; and according. to Eber3 the
book tells us much about tha God lOoa.
tack: to fight herself If the need is crv
lng; and she must be crowned by the em-'
blem of freedom that gives her a reason
for being. :; f
Besides her costume her pose matters
much more than ?ome people seem to
think. Columbia should never be posed
with arms folded. When did she ever
have time to fold her armn? She has re
pose 1 of manner, to be sure, but she Is al
ways ready to be up and doing:.
Hands demurely clasped- is just about
as bad. Xot that she is a forward lady,
ever; but demure is certainly not the
word. Her eyes are never downcast, for
there is too much going on that she needs
to be alertly looking after.
Nor does she simper.
N'or do her hands take on coquettish
quires and fancy flourishes. She is
straightforward and frank and earnest
and she will have none of these.
Hands on hips is bad, too. That again 1
looks much too restful. Let her hold tha
shield easily with the left hand and clasp
the spear with the right (not. however. at :
the spear's point). Then, Indeed; ¦ she
stands In true dignity and freedom and
strength, as becomes a lady In honor cC
wnore birthday more small Americans ara
blown to pieces than on any other occa
sion the year through.
of the Egyptians as well as about their
dogmas, their interpretations, their myth
ology, their morals and their faith In im
mortality. A copy "of the work, it is said,
was placed In the graves of those who
died, and portions of It were Inscribed on
many tomb?, with the object of pointing
out to the dead the right road through,
the other world ami of keeping ever in
their ' memory the "right word." whicH
alone could serve them'as a weapon.
'.'A recent and a more thorough examina
tion of this book, however, shows that
it Is far more than "a strange collection
of figlous and magical tests," or than a
mere exposition of the views of Egyptians
In regard to a future life, and that Lep
1 sius erred somewhat In entitling It "Tha
x^pok of the Dead." Instead of being a
book of instruction for the' dead, it is, wa
are told, an authoritative text book lot
those who intended to be Initiated Into
the higher mysteries of the Egyptians.
That the pyramid of Gizeh was used for.
the purpose of Initiating candidates la
this ;. manner Is very evident to those who
have studied "The Book of the Dead" un*
der the new light' that has been - thrown,
on It. ' .
EVERT time \hat the Fourth of
July comes around Miss Columbia
, comes likewise In many forms and
: In many places. She gazeswaxen
ly from store window?. She ap
pears !n printers' Ink .on periodical, covers.
She rises In flesh and blocd from the ped
estals of living pictures.
One might think that, being the belle
of a whole continent, she would pay more
attention to the matter of dress. She is
oddly negligent about 1L Xobody asks
that her clothes should come from Paris —
Buch garments would be in the worst of
bad taste for her— but she might at least
be a little more careful about the way
she "drapes her flag. It Is not once In a
dozen times that she does it correctly.
Mrs. Anderson, the vostumer, has made
a study of Columbia's clothes. In the first
place, she says, the flag should never be
cut and sewed into a garment. It should
be draped In one piece. For this reason
ell' the figures having sleeves or skirts
made of the flag are Incorrect. Compare
them with the perfect arrangement and
you will see how much dignity the stripes
have lost by being slashed and run
through with a gathering thread.
As the flag should not be cut for a skirt,
the figure representing Columbia must
wear a robe beneath It. All the laws of
grace forbid that a patch of this white
rOR centuries Egyptologists and
archaeologists have been trying to
find out the exact significance of
the great pyrairjds.of Egypt. Now
at last the problem ste'ms to be solved.
This statement Is especially true in re
tard to the pyramid of Gizeh,\otherwise
.known as the* Cheops or Chufru pyramid.
Hitherto it has been supposed that this
immense structure was designed as the
mausoleum of its royal rounder, but
ample evidence Is now forthcoming that
It was primarily designed to serve as a
temple In which candidates for Initiation
into the higher mysteries of the Egyptians
might perform the requisite rights.
Many years ago the question was asked:
If the pyramid of Gizeh is merely. a royal
mausoleum, v/hy does It contain so many
¦tately halls and corridors, and why was
•a. secret chamber constructed under
pround s!ncc the up^er chambers would
have sufficed as a vault for the remains
of the great king? On the other hand,, If
it was ever anything else than a burial
place, why is an Immense granite sar
cophagus the . most conspicuous object in
it? There Is an Arabian tradition" that
the pyramids wera built /before the flood
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
THE CORRECT DRAPING
AND POISE FOR COLUMBIAGeneral Shafts Tells of His Fourth of July at Santiago
THE ' SUNDAY CALL.
•
my lunch under a tree with Genera! Law.
ton. who accompanied me during my
three-mile insp«etion of his lines.
with an army of about twenty-one
thousand men engaged In Investing a city
a commander could hardly expect to ha%'e
a, very quiet Fourth; but there certainly
have been but few Fourths of July to
which we can look back with more satis
faction than July 4. 1S38. as well as the
preceding days and the one following.
A cour>le of hundred of our wounded
from trie battles of the preceding day
were placed in ambulances and wagons
and sent down to Siboney, where uhe>
were placed In hospital until they could
be sent back to the United States. >
. I visited all the general ; officers at. their
various quarters. I also communicated
with Admiral Sampson and sugges.ed his
forcing his way Into the harbor, a. sug
gestion'that was not favorably regarded.
It was a busy day. There were- a great
many questions to answer and Jrders to
be given. It was only when interruptions
were least numerous that I couid stop for
a cup of coffee, some bacon and. beans and
a little hard bread, t rememh*? **¦**¦ I -' k -
and was a very true friend of the Ameri
can army.
'.I have every reason- to .believe the re
turn of the Spanish prisoners had the de
sired effects correcting among the troops
in . Santiago the false report*? that had
been circulated. V Of. this I was assured by
the • Enfirlish Consul; .who was thoroughly'
ln touch with the sentiment of the cltv
that they would be treated well as prison
ers of war. I learned from -the wounded
Spanish officers and men captured at El
Caney, that they expected to be killed as
soon as they fell into our hands. Acting
upon : thia . information. I determined to
offer to return all the wounded Spanish
officers at El Caney who were able to
beai* transportation and who were willing
to" give. their paroles not to serve against
the forces of the- United States until regu
larly exchanged. This offer was made and
courteously accepted by the Spanish offi
cer, General Toral. 'These officers, as well
as several of the wounded Spanish pri-'
vates, twenty-seven in 1 ally were sent to
their lines under the escort of a troop of
cavalry. .The troops, together with ambu
lances containing wounded, were per
mitted to. pass instdethe Spanish lines— in
fact, almost : to the edcre of the city— and
were received with honors, tho Spanish
troops presenting arms to them. '
fnrelpn consuls and Inhabitants of the content*
of your message. Very respectfully,
JOSH TORAL,
Commander In Chief, Fourth Corps.
. Several of the foreign consuls came Into
my lines and asked that the time given
•for them, the ¦women and children, to de
part from the city be extended until 10
o'clock on July 5. To this I consented and
wrote a seeond letter as follows: . - .'.
The Commanding General F-panlFh Forces,
Fantintfo de Cuba, July 3, 189S— Sir: In con
sideration of a request of the consular officers
'in youf city tor further delay. in carrying out ;
,my Intentions .to fire on. the city, and in th«
Interests of the poor women and children, who
will suffer very greatly by their hasty departure
from the city, I have the honor; to announce ¦
that I will delay suuh action solely In their -In
terests until - noon of the 6th. provided -that ¦'
during the Interim your forces make no demons j
Mration whatever "upon those of my own: I \
am, with great re*rtfct, your obedient servant, i
WILXJAM R. SHAPTER, .
-' ¦ i r '. Major General,. U. s: V.. t
¦ The effort ;• to permit women, children
and non-combatants , to leave . Santiago
was made entirely in the* interests of hu
manity, as I thought It was too late In. :
the .century, for. an American army to:flro .
Vpon a town filled with women and.ch.ll-''
flren. I therefore spent some littletime'
making arrangements -for. the care : and
subsistence of the refugees. - ;'. , ...... • .'¦•*
It was an jnterestinp 'but sorrowful
fright to see" the thousands -of poor crea-. .
tures, principally Cubans, ! and, conse
quently our , friends, coming-out of. the
city carrying: their babies and bundles..
They were obliged to carry any. luggage
they might wish to tako with them, as no
horses or vehicles of any . ltihd ' were al
lowed to be taken from the city.: Every- .
thins they brought out was carried ui>on
their backs. Of course, there was a great
deal ¦ of excitement attending such a de
parture to evade -a bombardment, but
there was considerably more anxiety
among the ¦ Spaniards than the Cuban**,
who felt a confidence in the American
nrmy; A surprlsin plyV- large number of
men, Spaniards- as well as Cubans, found
their way out of the city to avoid the ter
rors of a bombardment.- ;
The cessation of hostilities during the
fourth gave ray troops a. chance to re
cover from fatigue, while I Was enabled
to hurry up some reinforcements for the
purpose of completing tho investment of
Santlagro. on the north. ..I, wanted to
strengthen my position as much as pos
sible 1 on my right, for I knew that thirty
miles from me, at San . Luis,., there were
thirty-five = hundred Spanish troops, j and
forty ¦ miles beyond,. Qt^HolKUin,- still far
ther north, ? ten thousand. ; From reports I
expected, these troops hourly to put in an
appearance and attackme on the right.
> This delay also prave: an opportunity to
get up some batteries, of light artillery
and place them in the line: also to inspect
the- entire length of the" line (a ride of
about twenty-five miles), ' which I did
that. day.; .;,.¦.-¦..-¦;..: - •-¦ .";-'- •.¦'<•."¦¦ -¦., •,.¦-¦«-. ¦
:i was fully convinced from "my knowl
edge of \ho amount of their, supplies that
the Spaniards would be. forced to surrend
er if given a little time, and I thought the
result .would be hastened . If ', the • men of
their army : could be made to understand
¦ . - - •'¦: '*¦*•¦
ronrtoi<-a untenable for the Spanish fleet.
A ith jheir fleet destroyed I felt sure that
it v.r>u!d only be a question of time before
the Spanish commander would be forced
to FUrrcndcr. The news of thn naval vic
«"ry «-m, therefore, transmitted, under
lia.<r of truce, to the Spanish commander
without delay, and the suggestion agnin
rn:ifie that lie surrender to cave needless
binodshed.
By an agreement betv/cen General Toral
and myself there had been a suspension
in hostilities durtnp tho Fourth, to onabl*
the women, children nnd non-combatants
to come out of Santiago. I had stopped
tho firing a'onjr the lines for the purpose
of pending tho following letter within the.
Spanish Iine3:
Headquarters Unltc-d State!" Forces. .
Near Han- Juan ttlver, July 3. 189S, 8:30 a. m. '¦
To the Commasi<1it:!r General of the SptnlFh
Forces. Santiaco de Cuba-Sir: I shall be ob-
I'fre'l. unless you imrrender. to. shell Bantlago
ile <"ubft. Plsaee .inform the cttlxenB of foreign
orurtrjes and all women and children that they
j-houM leave th<« city bffore 10 o'clock to-mor
row morning. Very respectfully, your obedient
tenant. WILMAM H. SHAFTER,
Major General, V. 3. V.
To this letter I received the following
reply:
SANTIAGO DE tUHA, July 3. IMS.
His Excellency the General Commanding
Forces of the United Bute*. Near t>un Juan
Illver— S!r: I have the honor to reply to your
communication of to-floy, written at 8:30 a. m.
cn4 received at 1 p. m... demanding, the surren
der of tUis city, or .m the contrary case an
nouncing to me that you wiil Ijombard this
city, imd that I advise the foreigners, women
and children that they must leave the city be
fore 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
It Js my duty to say to you that this city
will net surrender and that I will inform the
It was unfortunate that our surround
ing's should have been of puch a charac
ter bcruuVe Santiago, for the American
people, is a place of romance. From San
tiago Corlcz Balled to conquer Mexico;
from Santiago lie Soto sailed -to discover
the Mltfhty Father of Waters; from Kan
tiago Mencndez saiicd to found St. Au
curtine; from Santiaco Ponce de I^eon
sailed to Jind the fountain of youth. .With
these surrounding* -what a grand old cele
bration we could have had Jf death had
been a Ft ranger to us und peace hud
reigned supreme.
However, w<? had come thlncs to cheer
us up and to rrjoice over. Admiral Cer
*-*>ra had left the harbor the day before
and his fleet had been absolutely anni
hilated, bo that the influence of that Be*
jx>wer whose gaik-ona hari crossed !tn>l
recro^sed the Spanish main was a thing;
of the past forever. Complete reports of
the einkin,T of the Spanish Meet reached
vk on the mornirp of the Fourth and were
received with yells and other manifesta
tions of rejoicing among the troops. T'ie
bands along the line played patriotic airs.
We knew that part of the work the army
had been sent there to do had been ac
complished ; the Bay of Santiago had been
ON the morrinjr of July * everybody
in our army was Ico tired and worn
out to enter Into a celebration "f
the Fourth of July in the Rood old
American fashion. The troops had been
under fire almont all the day before and
had worked until latcs nt nisht ontrench
lng themselves in front of the Spaniards.
who had been driven back to th« ir *»-c
ond line of dtfcr.se. It had been rein
ing- hard, hb only it can rain la a trop
ical country. For three <!aye •oHfyen had
eeen their old friends and cnmr..-ic« car
ried to hospital* in the roar. WDttitded;
and burying parties had been nil over the
battle fields burying tho dead, so that
our purroundlncs were such :is t'o maktt
any lively celebration a littlo out of
place.
6THE STODAY CALX*Hints to Summer Maids
fashions According
io Parisian pecree
TME SUNDAY-CALL.
Photos by Alisky-
THK up-to-date girl is a thoroughly
tailor-made creature. A;.little while
back it was only the woman with
money who could afford tailor
gowns, but it is not *¦•> now. There, arc
so many tailor shops down 'side street.-?
(that started witii prtssing and repairing
but are now turning out suits as good in
appearance as the first-class : tailor; al
though they may not be so well made, it
is possible for a woman in very moderate
circumstances to have tailor gowns and
'ook just as well as her more fortunate
sister who paid a much larger amount,
but certainly could not have derived any
more pleasure from the dress. The dress
maker whose strongest point is dainty be
ru filed and lace-trimmed frocks will have
to exert herself to the utmost to convince
her fair customers that the mannish tai
lor gowns are not so well adapted to dis
playing their charms as the fluffy summer
frocks are.' To do this she will have to
show some very dainty dresses indeed.
Crisp little Miss Carrie-; de . Mar :has
brought from Paris to our coast inore
than a trunkful of street; costumes; and
every* one of them is as sternly simple as
Paris ordains. Kxcept the evening cape.
¦When. my lady appears- under electric
lights she may let go. of daytime re
straints, and then she rriakes up for her
tailor's sternness by enrJugh chiffon and
lace to float her up among- the clouds. -5
For a Fourth of Julv outins- a bewitch-
in? and patriotic little suit is made of
blue broadcloth. The waist is trimmed
with white braid. The sleeves have rows
of tucks at regular intervals. A darker
: shade yf blue surah makes the collar, also
vhc scarf around the waist, which is hn
¦ished off with white fringe. The hat is
lace, straw trimmed, with -.white lace in
iront and' piiiK .roses; and black velvet
bows in buck. , ...- ¦ :; :>¦.-•-- -
For that -especial- day it wont take five
minutes to put red poppies in the place of
the roses, and there you are, as imperti
nently'. gay - as any American llag. that
ever waved.
A swagger street dress is the brown
cloth suU.with the Eton jacket. Narrow
bands of satin finish off the seams of the
skirt; The jacket has creamy lace around
the collar and a- broad strap of satin on
each side of the packet. The hat is yel
low straw, trimmed with black and green,
ribbon. The dress is set off by a white
shirtwaist. The cream lace of the suit
is worth talking about, by the way.
Thousands of women all over the world
are now using all their, spare moments
In making lace for themselves and their
friends: There are a great many beauti
ful designs for these new lace collars
arid scarfs. They are not only attractive,
but the work, is not at all difficult and
only a. moderate amount of experience
is required. /The colors used are cream,
white, ecru or blatk. . These can be worn
with nearly any kind of costume. A httlo
lace at the neck of a plain shirt waist
is just' the finishing touch needed to make'
a woman appear daintily dressed. Lace
on the street coat collar is a novel orna
mentation. It may be very simple or
elaborate, as desired. The lace . on a
brown broadcloth costume is in a heavy
open design, discernible at a distance, and
intended for the collar of tailormade suits
for street wear. A simple design may
ho used on duck or linen tailor suits.
I-ace scarfs and ties are also very stylish.
One very pretty scarf in English point
is in a leaf design. It is about nine inches
wide.- A variety of stitches may be used
in this or the design may be very simple.
A stock collar of satin is greatly- im
proved by a narrow fold of green, black,
or blue velvet forming an edge to thei
top. Lace ties are also very useful. They
add greatly to the beauty of one's cos
tume. Manv women have from six tof.
twelve and find them a delightful aid
to the securing of variety.
A Rood costume for morning wear is a
brown skirt with tan boxcoat, with a col
lar of darker brown velvet, ine sailor
liat is white. The automobile coat Is ex
tremely stylish for afternoon wear. It is
a soft shade of tan broadcloth with shirr
ed chiffon "covering, the collar and lapels.
The edges of this coat are bound with a
darker shade of stitched broadcloth Two
stripes of the same are stitched up the
back. The dress v.orn here v.-ith.the coat
is brown clotn ttntshed with narrow uiir.t.-»
of satin. One hat is toce straw, v.:Ui
•white and black velvet bow.
Jf vour puts.-, is ftilUng, you. too. may
have li-.ce and buc'«;Ics and i.lumes fur
occasions. Lint ken> to the- Keynote <>r
simplicity for the weekdays of thi.* work
aday world. - This i* a frietully hint to
the S^r B irl ofgjggj r2AR 3ON.THESE ARE THE BOXERS WHO HAVE SET THE WHOSE CIVILIZED WORLD TO FIGHTING
A Chinese view.
By Jhan fllun.
Ot'T of the awTcl opium war grew
the beginning of the Boxers. Be
fore th:it there had been peace in
China, iflsslonanes of all churches
had Hv«d within tb«- Yinlls of the Imperial
City and had tnugh* reli^jlon and sclenco
with the free consent dad even assistance
of the rulers.
China i3 so vast a country, so biff be
yonil the comprehension of Americans.
The ctntral government is almost un
known to whole rrovlrues.
Here the. pernie spend their lives In
happy Innocence f>f the troubles that
sweep round over the rest of the world,
kindled, famed and burre about by the
telegraph, newspapers and steamers.
The society of Box.T? was Intended or
iginally to Induce the people to take up>
warlike drill, lha: they m:sht be able to
defend tneir«clves.
Flower worship and the study of phllo
rophical pr.ems have bten all of the
cmuwm'nt!" of the Southern Chinese. In
the north, there hns always been raoro
«thle;!c spirit and devotion to ?port3, and.
it is ther* that the Itoxers have their
greatest power.
The (.'antimosc nml all nf the southern
("hiramrn FTi'iicrally are not members of
any of the Triad societies, most ct which
w*>re urKanlz«»! over a hundrctl years ago.
To Am«r:«-a the Chinese look for Jus
tire; the AmTieans arc cosmopolitan.
They have within their own country the
most wonderful ?rhcnl In the world. The
people of every race cathcrod together
¦where all .-an bo compared stde by side.
It Is this opj/.ortur.ity f.or the proper study
cf mankind that givts the Americana
their broad understanding of foreign af
fairs and strange conditions.
It has been accounted an honor to be
long to the organization; in Its ranks
there are members of most of the best
families of China
the empire, and that the doing. must be
very presently. 'Their -remedy . is to re
turn' to the- methods r which have pre
served them already ,through*a geological
age or bo; to preserve, themselves just as
they would fruit, by shutting off'OUtside
communication and- keeping sweet." Old
ways are best,-' they say. ¦ They arc the
conservatives of China. ¦• . ,
The radicals are represented by the Po
Wong Woey, or society for assisting, the
Emperor. They are. tho most progressive
and traveled -people of China, who fore
pee- that China -must fall in line with
the: procession, '.build railroads, public
works, steamers and have telegraphs and
free newspapers. . They, are -led byKang
Yu Wei. who is much favored by the Eng
li?h-speaking people • In <¦ China. ,
Who is the head of tho great Boxer
There are few members of the great
Chinese patriotic order here in San Fran
cisco, the Boxers in China being 'largely
in the Manchu and Tartar regions of the
north, while the Chinese In California
are nearly all from Canton and vicinity.
Among them the reformers have a large
following. .
While neither of these societies is
revolutionary or rebellious, they by no
means agree with each other or with the
present Government.- . •'• . •
That august adjunct to the sun. moon
and stars does not believe in doing any
thing. Jt is well satisfied .with itself, and
thinks the majesty of its presence suffi
cient defense against the assaults-of the
nations. '9tt3B3 RI 4wSStirottfiIEBNSP**i&ei
The Boxers, on the contrary, see that'
it is necessary to do something to save
Through it all they give careful at
tention to the expressions on their faces.
At ordinary times it is considered good
form to keep the face in immobile re
pofe, net Indulging in facial expressions
such as frowns and smileni That is very
vulcar from a Chinese point of view.
Boxer drill puts a different face upon
them. The command is then like the Ital
ian order, "Facclo . feroce" ("Look
fierce"). ¦ : j-;^», : -
They do _tt, too — perfect image for the
devil to *ropy after, sometimes. All those
thing? help. The Chinese say. "You can
not win a woman with frowns nor a
battle with smiles." The first part we
all know is true. Ask some soldier about
the other, or perhaps he can tell you
about both; soldier boys think of ev
erything.
cst Prominent among them Is the
curved sword which seems to be common
to all Asia, varying from the single arched
scimitar of the Turk to the wiggly kris
of the Sulu Islander, which seems to have
been modeled after a crawling snake.
¦ movement I.<a secret that none can guess.i
but It Is supposed to be a certain eunuch 1
who Is In great favor in tho Palace of tho
Forbidden City at ' -Peking, for many
Boxers have been seen drilling: beneath
Its walls. This drill, shown in the pic
turef, old and quaint though It be. Is
what ten million men are doing In China
to-day.
One hundred hundred thousand men —
that makes ten million— practicing tho
Boxer drill. Thoro may not bo so many.
Is the guess of some military men. Per
haps there will be another guess coming.
..- Those ten million Boxers believe In
China for the Chinese. They have kept
China for themselves through fifty hun
dred years. Through tho times when
Tamerlane. Alexander and Caesar were
conquering the world. They are sure that,
China can bo kept together for awhile.
yet. . ,
Thrro nre not enough bullets cast to
kill them all. for it takes ever so many
pounds of lead to kill a man at Ions
range. Besides a Chinaman In not afraid
:¦ of .death. They always ray when thrsat
ened: "Auli. you kllly me. I no care."
And they do not either.
I>lfe with the Chinese is as they cay,
"Lai'taH yi.'hul tak yl," "Easy come and
rvisy go." One man dropped out -of tho
<00,000,000 does not leave as much vacancy
an -the hole caused by. pulling a needle
out of a mill pond. .
-The population of 'China Increases so
rapidly that their army would be replen-.
ished faster than all of the arts of war
could deplete it. . ¦
.The_wealth , of the nation In ready
* money is enormous. Their credit Is ' in
exhaustible, for they have no national
'debt.- ' - -•¦ ¦• ¦••-.<
¦Tho wealth of color and the elaborated
'ornamentation of the costumes worn by
Boxers on dress parade Is only suggested
by the photographs. The material is all
, of hand spun silk.-dypd in the brightest
of/primary colors. This silk is stiff with
embroidery finely worked and overlaid,
with gold bullion. Over this again are
small metal mirrors representing tho
-'•eyes" of "Buddha which flash in the sun
' as does the armor* of a mailed knight
Their weapons .-are numerous as the
sticks of a polfer^ and Jike the golf player
they: have an -attendant who bears their
arms for them.
Their ; swords and knives are ¦ their spe
cial pride arid are of the greatest in ter-
JJZ HO docs not sec that
[/ ' £/ henceforth every year
European commerce, Eu
ropean politics, European activity,
although actually gaining greater
force. end European connections, aU
though actually becoming more inti
vtatc, zi.HH nevertheless ultimately
sink in importance; zz'hilc the Pa
cii'c Ocean, its shores, its islands
and the rast regions beyond, zvill
bcccmc'thc chief theater of events
in the zcortd's great hereafter/
WILLIAM IL SEIVARD.
*7v? FEW norths ago few looked at
il Vl China as arythfng more than a
ft £ curious fjicl «n the map. Now it
is the tonvr of al! the world.
ard tho lloxcrs are the most wonderful
thine? in It. qtffpm
il is the swe'l thins in China io be
lorg to the Boxers . A good coetume
and outfit of weapons costs $500. gold.
The Boxr-r? do not liox so much, but they
drill like this: Kfght hours a day, as
hard as they can go it.
Their drill with the wapens takes the
JP-aee of lhr> various exercises which the
Turners go through or the drills of our
cadet ccrpp. In drilling with the big
knives th*>y swing anrl brandish them
T«T much as we do Indian clubs. .
With the knives Fwinging round their
heads in.: evcrchanging circles, they
whirl and rfnnce upon their feel in the
eame wav ihai an expert fencer does.
Parts ct the drill are grone through
f;u riding < n one leg only, the other held
poised hfcn •••: the air. That is to give
them good balance.
THE SUNDAY CALIj.
9THE CALL.
10THE STOTDAT^ CAIX;
111TIE SUNDAY CALL,.
12NEW YORK. June 30.-—
Xearly Sio.coo.ooo worth
'of property was de
stroyed, many lives were lost,
many persons were injured/and
at least 1500 lives were imperiled
by a lire that started among Cot
ton, bales under pier 3 of the
Xonh German Lloyd Steamship
Company in Hoboke.'i. X. J\, at
4 o'clock this afternoon. In less
than; fifteen minutes the "flames
co v-bfed -an area a quarter of; a
mile long extending outward
from the actual shore line to the
bulkheads, from 600 to 1000 feet
away, and had caught four great
ocean liners arid a dozen or more
smaller harbor craft in its grasp.
Stories in regard to the loss "bf
life are conflicting.' the number
being variously estimated at
frorri 100 ..to 200. Up ib midnight
ten - 1-odies had been recovered.
br.tthey were all so badly burned
and blackened' that identification
was impossible. ¦ ¦" I - -
The hospitals in Xew York,
Holioken and Jersey City are
crowded with the injured, arid
men are being brought- in by
scores. ./ . '"• .
Those who gathered along the
shores of the Hudson River to
witness the great conflagration
saw a spectacle they can fiever
forget and one, that always will
have a conspicuous place in the
history of New York. •
River and bav were enveloped
in a pall of black smoke through
¦which angrj' flan;es, bursting as
from volcanoes, 0:3 the Jersev
shore and in the water itself,
leaped like red spheres into the
sky. The surface of ihe water
¦was covered with floating and
blazing masses of freight thrown
in haste from the doomed vessels,
and all united in the mad race to
rescue more precious human be
ings threatened or being sacri
ficed in the great ships. And
through the pall of smoke a great
crimson sun, enlarged to thrice
its size bv the haze, glared like an
enormous eye as it slowly, sank
in the west. Such was the tre
mendous spectacle presented on
the surface of the Hudson River,
as if it had been some holiday pa
geant. It was made tragic by the
realization that in that smoke
and beneath the turbid waters
scores of lives had been lost or
were then in their last desperate
struggle against death.
The spectacle was witnessed by
thousands and thousands from
both shores and by other thou
sands who crowded upon every
ferry-boat, every excursion boat,
upon every river era* t •¦•that" /epiild
be secured for ; the; purposed v ; !l(he
crowd upon the banks -/of . the
ri ve r ; \v a s /almo s t ;. as \\ great; ; -!as.- rili at
which formed:tpwitness:ithe-; tri- ;
umphant l :: -return v/pf ;\-;Adniirai
Dewey. ¦ /tooling / up; the^rn'er
toward the burning- ships /and
piers the scene was /a; worideif ftil
and tragic one of ¦grandeur.;; Tjie
ship Soaie had been^towed ilp^vvii
tlie, /river until; she - ;: ; was Just ; off
Liberty, where^he/had gathered
about her. a ririg'pf -firebbats: anjd
tugs, all fighting tp save /at least
the hull >bf: the doomed? steamer^
Flames ; still '^vere,:; leaping^ from
her portholes ana* rushing; put; of
her cabins: At yarying distances
about the burning, ships lay/ coal
and cotton -/barges^^all;: /ablaze,
each with one ormbre tug's pia}^
ing., streams ; bf: ; ;/water;s/upprt /it;
i* ..-• ¦'¦ / r > : -'.'i'--".''-''-v-.---- : ii.'"- : --- ; '^ ; '.-";'t- -.-¦'": -.« '¦ *'.':.'' : i-- . ¦
! oi tnes^: oarges^ana.viigntT
! ejs r wre're /loaded wi th very in i fia m^',
| niable stuff, arid. the flames leaded
j high in tire air; while the heat was C
'.: sb'terrifrc /that; it >vas not possible';
| to use only the small hose of . the
j tug. : G\Sopn./ohe. by : 6n^ these ali;
•j;tars of :fire : wer^slo\yiy/ consumed,'
, most of. them burning down-to
Vthe water's edge. ¦ ; Along thevjer
j sey shpr^ ; small fires were h] az~
j .ing:,-' started by the wreckage
I from the great steamships. • ' .
-¦?-: On ;this side'.'bf tjie/ : jriyeW'i'li:e;
.fire caused; ; the ; great^st'/^c^
ment^ as; the; "drifting: : st^ant|tii^
I and: barges floated^jallSflaintie^qi
! the Xew ; York- shore aiii crashed
;against the piers from Canals to
Murray ' : I streets^^ ;/|yhe ;iKre ; 'X)Qr :
partment was calleci: oxii afrryanf ;
ou s points -al qn g the | ljr^t ened
sections, and: : the pre-.
j sented/bf the ; fi^me^^mshpre^
j trying to /fight fires;,- -at v ; everyv
minute changing their iituatiph.
; For hours the river Vyas crpSvcl-i
er with small boats; ha$te|iin : g-Hp:
j the scene of the disaster pr.ai
j ready taking part in the rescue pt
j the hundreds w'ho had/leaped
jinto the river when seized by the.
j terror of the flames. These boats
j were paddled here and there, but
1 soon their occupants had noth
ing to do but to watch the mad
sweep of the flames. .Those who
had plunged into the water had
either been rescued or had gone
to the bottom.
There were hundreds of men
on each of the destroyed steam
ships and a few women. Crowds
of dock laborers and also em
ployes of the companies were on
the piers. Men, women and chil
dren were on the canal boats and
men on the barges and' lighters,
and when the fire made its quick
. NEW YORK, July 1.— At 2:30 o'clock this- (Sunday). morning, the North. German Lloyd pier fire is
still hurnirig: brightly; and, Viewed '^ irom;the /^e^York ; side ? presintsa brilliant : . spectacle. No /estimate of
thfe/loss;<>f life ; falis;beibw 1^0. ;;T^
covered by aiyers at once, but^f the ./dozens :;:wfca^^p^d.;iatp;/tiie '^orth River, some vrill never be found
at • all; ;;. : Tb.ie ; stea^boat^men; /lost ; are n^
country. No attempt has yet been . made to compile a list of the dead, o ¦• ¦¦• - • : ¦¦"¦¦ . : : ¦ '"- :
;¦• ; > ;:: Up to/2; o'clock twenty-fiv«/;bo^ies had been reco^^ r-- ¦..-.•:-.„ =-v- ¦¦.-.. -•.-.-.;:¦:.•. .••¦•:•.¦:::-.,•.•.•.•¦/¦•:. .w.r- '¦'¦¦¦'¦ :. ¦¦¦¦.¦¦
s /The World estim The Journal places the loss at 200. Others : "pa
per^/plaee'the/iiuinber of dead atfribm; 100 to;25O;- /:; -I : ""'-¦,'-.•-''•' . 'V ;
descent/; upon: .; them:;: e$cape was
eut;off before^ theyi- realized their ¦
awful ppsiti'onc c The ,/ people ) ori
trie; piers jumped' intb^ the ; water;
to save: them «elvfesj: and! sporeliof;'
men huddled under /.;":; the/; piers j::
clinging'to the 'supports/ only;; to;
be c suftocatec| -by/tlie, flames or ,-td';;j
(jrop.back /intqithe:.^
exhaustion.
Men working on the ships
\vere : ;shut;;iri:b y:; walte^; pf//flame;
and it:^vasi. impossible:/ /t<> reach
them, /It will probably never be
icno>vn>how many/perished in the]
ships, a^ the fiames were /so/fierce ¦
they would leave very few • rem
nants of the human body.
.The greatest loss: of ; iifeB ap^
/pears )'tp : hafe been ,/pn: the Saale: :
She carried 250 people, and was
to have sailed ;for Bostph. this: af-:
>t.ernooni AVhen the police boat
Captain went aboard of her with
his rescue party, he saw bodies
lying all about the deck. The
ship '¦¦' carried^a/crew; :of ?
gopy: the/Main jz^b^arid if jas; many
lives were lost on the Bremen
and Main as on the Saale; the
.number of lives lost will be : ver.v
great. Then, also, many, perished
iQn:;the^piers; ; . cahat-boats/anci;
lighters.
The burning or smoldering re
iffairis lightersjancj
;barge$ I iare'; scattered -all i the //vvay:
¦dbjW^he'^ryeft^nd/l^y/tOiS^
Jlslaiiaj /xirid _:• (JpverriQrS; /'Island^
lEaeh of itftesie craft,;vyili add some-*
;thingto:the,' ljstvpf ithe;dead. •-. ';?.$
\ •;'¦ Tlie^oss; . t'6 the ipSTortH German
Lioydildocks. alone }ns: jplaced at
$2,ocb,ooo; : '|he.-;vaiue: ; 6| ;;the
great qiiaiitities [pi : : cottbn;^pil-;_ahd
various ; other /rnerchandisek on
the docks: has -not- been: esti
mated. The loss to . the : ; North j
German Lloyd Steamship Com
pany alone will probably come
close to $10,000,066, as the Bre
men, the Main and the Saale
were almost totally destroye/J.
The Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
vyas somewhat damaged. * The
five-story houses of the Campbell
Company were greatly damaged, {
the loss on one building alone
being placed at $1,500,000.. The
Thingvalla pier was burned, and
the dock of the Hamburg-Ameri- ,
can line suffered greatly. A num-
berv; of ; -small;; bii;Ldirjg& in hHpb(>
ken were destroyed along the
wharves, with- their contents, ;but
no idea of the value of. these can
be> r ohtained^ ; ' ' ' ' : ---: :
: \v. ¦ . B urned . to Water's Ed ge.
Trpm.what^ tan.be learned t.o-nlght, the
flames3|tarted : among a; large plle'of cpt
tpn^.bajes;-.6tx : tder 2 of the. North G«rmaji
Lloyd :-;Ste.ainship ' Comp^ sipread
.with.^uch remarka|ble rapidity -that-in.-.fl'f
tecn.'•'-,hiiriutcs :the #ntir^. prisp^rty- :of the
crtmpahyV taking in. over a third:«f a mile
Of'; water.:- .fron.'; -.and /consisting of a three
great piers, -was dotnpletely enveloped: In
lire,
: : The xflanies. started '..so ¦ suddenly:? ; and
kainiM such/headway ..that the people on
the.ypiers and on -.the' numerous .vessels
docked were enable to. reach the street.
There ..wpre/iereat :gangs' : tif wbrkmenipn
the. piers, and these,; together with a,num
ber, of;, people who were, at the docks on
business and:vlsitliigth6ships, ; scattered
lh all .directions. .:: As all means/ of- exit
was cut ; off-; by -the flames r they .V; were
forced to Jump, oyerboard, and ;it (1$. be
lieved a great .number -, of .people /; were
drowned. ;. At /the -/docks of the/North
German V^^ Loyd were the Saale, /a single
screw, passenger siQamship of -4965; tons
gross; the Bremen, a twin screw passen- :
ger, and freight steamer of 10.523 torts, and
the.:.MaiH;:. a,, twin-screw: freight :and . pas
sengcr;. steamship .of 10,500 gross f; tons.
They ail caught fire and were burned -to
the. water's :^dge. ; The ' Kaiser . Wilhelni
der Grpsse;' which had just .came'. in, : was
the' :6rily ¦ 6ne- of /the; four 'big/ vessels 'at
the dock that escaped. . •', • . -; ¦
' 'U':'i^ Great Tiosay Among Crews. : -'- '¦¦¦ ¦.
| .The/loss to ; the/ crews of these:. vessels
H said, to reach a hundred. ¦ :. : -- ¦¦¦-¦¦;. [.::..¦.-.:¦
:';. The :Cflre : ; :was first :• by i/a
watchman ori /the pier :;af 4 oi'cibcfe^ :He
saw/; a. /small ;¦ Btrieak' ;!'pf flamesv Shoot
frOiiti i a • • baie/i. of : ;.cottbn//=:bn: . : ; pier
docked- : -steamer^
:$.aA.le^.';• : "^H'e. i 5/i•Wm^lateIy'¦..>ett.t;^;in.:¦"•i!n'
klarm..-; vln : :\a. : -. fevf . : minutes Athe /flames
had.eitghdedtO: the ship and yrere com
municated to : the : adjoining, pier on the
horthiv/JIere 1 were docked the Kaiser. Wll
helni/der Grouse 'and the Main.'; Tugs were
Immeaiately made fast ¦ to. the big Kaiser
Wilhelm ; defy Grosse. and she /was /got
out .Into the.^ mid stream with' safety, al
though.-badiy scorched at the bows.. The
ship ;Main, however, • was : doomed, as the
flames .hadi already/become so fierce . on
the /north side ofz-the pier that ;no tug
couJd : appfoaeh -.tKe vessel. .' ¦ //.;.".¦ - : .
Then by a shift in the wind the flames
were/sent fit the. direction; of. pier No. 1,
which was/to! the .sbuth end of pier No. 2.
To the north'of pier No; 1 was the dock of
the^Hamburg-American line, at which the
steamship Phoenicia, a twin screw, pas
senger; "steamer of 6761 gross . tons, was
docked. '.The: flames got a good hold ori
the/Phoenicia and she was towed but Into
midstream ablaze. 7 ": . . ';
; : i- . •" : v I>ock Blown TJp. : ;; , ;
The flre .had by this time become so
fierce thatUho officials of the. Hamburg-
American line decided that the only way
to : : prevent a: total; destruction of their v
great pier was to blow up the side of the
dock at which the Phoenicia lay, and this
was /done.. -A number,' of barges docked
at the pier also took fire, but In the. effort
to save the : .other property no attention
was: paid to them and , they ' were allowed
to burn. . . ' ¦• .'¦ ¦¦'.¦' ' ' . .
It is feared that, the loss of life in the
hold of the" vessels was frightful' as it 13
said : that many of ¦ the crews who were
asleep at the time were' imprisoned there.'
The worst .tale will, come from the Main,
which was unablo'to be towed from the
pier. ' ' . . : "
The vessel had only arrived this morning
and some .of the- passengers were still on
board/and whenthe cry, of fire was raised
a number of them were seen to run to the
burning decks. : Most of them jumped over-:
board, and .save for the few ; who "were
picked- up; by, the tugs; not one, has. been
heard from, although every hospital and i
hotel In the city of Hoboken is ; crowded i
with . Jiijurea. -. Pome of the passengers of {
' the. Main tried. tq escape to th« piers,, and
iV.wasaitijp^t certain, that they perished
lh-vthe flames: ' : ;'/:;. ;^' ¦'•¦.''. .'' "..' :-.':-',--.-- ..-:.- ':^
• Panic on the Ships> , v '
:! -There was a: panic: on each of the ships;
]\Iany.- persprs;3x:mped overboa rd^and . the
-.Water' for : :.spme~ distance along the docks
was; lined with, people.:.-; They :;were cUng
iiig to'.the piers and :ever» ' to the ; rudders
of the burning: vessels. ;S^ome were picked
up, many ; were drowned.; Peter Quinn, a
Justice "of the Peace; tells a ':-' story of hav
[ Ing seen at least thirty people perish. He
f-satd:'-- ' . . '\:-..-/ ; :-: : i>:;.:4:^<'
"1 was standing :on the end of:: One of
the Hamburg- American . line ¦ piers and
saw about .thirty people "crowded under
Pier Xo,: 1 of the; North - German^ Lloyd;
They were calling to some of the' passing [
tugboats, but: their appeals were In vain, j
and when the flames got near them : they
dived into;the water. .: was no as
sistance neir them at the time, and I be
lieve - that every "one either > drowned or
perished in. the flanies.V. .vv/; . : : ¦;;•;. :V: r '->.-9; •: ; : 
'-.;: About two hundred people were rescued
at; the/ Hamburg- American line pier.
They -were much .; overcome from exhaus
tion,' but soon revived wlth'stlmulants. X
r i?V^^US' ! \.;Gaine.d;";-IlapId Headway.
¦•When the fire brokevourjsuch headway
was gained by the time the lloboken : Fire
Department arri vtid.; that they, : Were ut T ;'
terly ';helpless ; to Vcop<5 with thev flames.
Calls were made, to the New: York Fire
Department. .for' assistance, andifire tujs
wer^ sent. over. v'Thesey. howeyeri', had: II t.-r
tie effect on ; the . great of flame'
and smoke.
¦;,'':By:- : :7-.: o'clock: the:,.' three; piersirof:. the.
.;Xort^'-'.Ger^.ah'\Ltoyd'yC^nipany;'baidf.''been:
burned to the grounds^ ; ;vy,; : ,;:^ : . ;^ : ¦¦¦:¦. •:?V'S-/ : i
','¦:¦ The : south, end .of the 'Campbell Sioragp
\ Company vbundirig,..: consisting •:•,' of ':'.;¦ five:
fiverstory:- ..structures, : >. caught : -: flre,'.. and
;flames: : - shpt.- from.. every -window : . of 'the;
two ; floors -in •;' but, .a. few minutes; : • The:
: buildings, being filled mainly .with jute
and .whlsky<:burned rapldlyi .The firemen
were .unable : to go .' wi thirty flghtlng dls- ¦
tince,;; and .the fire .hkd pretty : much of
its ; own way • there! ; ; Ih ' these ' bulldinga
greati loss will be sustained- ..;, \ . '¦: :.• '¦¦
j '.The steamships Saale : and V: Bremen*'
after -being: pulled free from the docks,
were towed'i ablaze down the bay . ami
beached off. Liberty Island. Oh the
Bremen, as- she blazed "out:,. in', mid-.
Stream,: six men could be seen. with! their
hpads put. of portholes waving handker-:
chiefs for assistance. Tugboats and small
boats' darted around the. big steamship^:
making every effort to save the men, but
the terrible- heat from the flames^ kept
them away. ¦ .
:• ; Some Exciting Incidents. '• .. :.
The saving . of the I Kaiser Wilhelm . der
Grosse was attended- with exciting incl-:
dents. It seemed as. if it would never be'
possible to get her clear, and the:flre was
spreading .so .rapidly .that It threatened
at almost any moment to break out on thb
big ship. The great hawsers in the corifu-'
sion could not be handled well and axes
were brought into use to chop them, re
leasing the vessel. She was towed but Into
midstream and then far up the river. Her
bows were slightly burned. . ¦ . ... ..; ;
'ITive minutes after the fire broke out a.
woman jumped from one of. the ships in a
vain effort to reach the water. The flames
drove her from the ship and she plunged
heedlessly In the direction It seemed
safety, lay. ' She leaped into a burning
lighter alongside the ship, and when an
oflicer on board the ship, who stood by
the doomed vessel, saw her : and realized
what would be her fate he plunged down
after her, hoping to drag her out of the
burning lighter into the water. He fol
lowed her within a couple. of seconds and
both ; went ¦ down into the flames in the
lighter and perished. . *?t^
Flames Driven by the Wind.
. The rapid • spread of the flames is ac
counted : for, by the shifting of the wind.
When the flre first broke out the wind was
blowing strongly . f rom . the south. " This
drove the flames across to the pier above
the one on which It started. 'Within a few
moments the wind shifted almost directly
to the opposite, point. ' A Under the great
pavilion on the land end the flames were
soon m absolute control. Had not the re- ,
Courpe to dynamite been taken to destroy
the Hamburg-American pier the Cames
might have gone on. All the flreboats and
tugs in the harbor would not have stopped
them. ¦'"-•¦'¦¦;_¦:•..¦'¦.;. .••'¦': . ; v .- ; .'•.. ;:'.'.. -.¦¦"¦.-¦ ¦ .'¦
: The flames in the cotton kept the fire at
an Intense heat, and the firemen suffered
greatly. 'Again and again it seemed as
if they must abandon the fight. The van- j
tage points atwhlch they could attack the
flames were few and their efforts were
necessarily hampered.-.
: : The smoke ; which poured out of the
flames* and ascended high Into the air
hlew almost : directly eastward and main
tained Its. column for a distance of about
miles, as it was seen clearly b«
| yond;Babylon. L. I. . V ¦ ':... .;¦¦/:.
One Heroic Bescue. -
; dne -the j Hpsplial "with - burned
-bands" and" -.face" .was -rescued by. another
man.; more severely- burned -than himself:
.He. said he was helpless in the water when
the", other ' threw'< : an arm about him ~ and
bupyed him up. The other's face was fear
fully ;burned .-'and his arm was useless, but
he treaded water and floated so skillfully
that they drifted down the river and a tug
went to their rescue. The man who told
the story said he fainted after being res
cued, and did not know if his rescuer had
also been taken Gut of the water. ;
.- Some of those who went into the water
and were rescued and but slightly Injured
say that; when others were caught between
the fire and water and saw death coming
they, went insane. -.Men babbled of home
•and friends during the few brief moments
that they and the others faced death. The
fear; of the furnace which lay between
them ;.and the land bereft them of their
senses. There were acts of ; cowardice as
well as of heroism. Men clung to others
and refused to let go, even though the act
meant death to both. One of the survivors
was. seized by another man, who dung to
him frantically and refused to let go. The
man,- who was later saved, had to beat his
companion •; into insensibility •: before he
could loosen his hold: and plunge Into the
.water.' ', .;: : :; - ,
1 When the Hoboken firemen reached the
flre rat.flrst; they -set. but- to confine it to
,the ..pier on ..which it started. They, got
their lines out cn the two adjoining, and
even ran : their apparatus out to pump
from the river.: ; When the flames spread
the hos«fon- the,' pier ;was lost- . Some of
the apparatus .narrowly escaped being
consumed, and as lt.iw'as one.hosecart and
It? horses were 1 ::-..,..':.';. i.--'^-''
• .: i«tfer "Jersey.City stripped Itself of all
the. hose '.possible, and sent it -to the Ho
boket? firemen in. a wagDn for yse. With
jthis" . streams were: Jater • SPt on the fire,
biit ; it ¦ was :then under/ control, having
.burheditseir'out^V:'^;.!;;--:-: i'.V •:.-¦•:.¦ '¦.'¦-
d :'¦: Rescued From the Saale.
V The steamer Saale: drrt ted down to the
Battery- v about..:- 6:50 : : o'clock. /She was
ablaze and -bet /crew .was on .deck.. Cap
tain . Smith; of the police boat put his ¦ men
on '. a. ;tug ¦ and -. ran to the 'burning ship.
When the tug reached the . Saale thirty
seven of the latter's crew were taken off.
Most Of them Were.CQns.Clous. Some suf
fered from smoke, inhaled. ; Ambulances,
were called, from Gouvernour, St. Vincent's
and Hudson-street hospitals. . Police pa
trol wagons i were 'also-. '•'called.. The In
jured men were : taken: in these several
conveyances to the : different hospitals. All
appear- to be foreigners. : None could talk
English and not even their names were
learned at the pier. ¦ V
While the crew was being taken off
Captain Smith saw several bodies of. men
on the ship's deck. . When the tug made
a second trip to the Saale all these corpses
were submerged.: . The ship had In the
meantime drifted to the Jersey shore and
sunk in Che mud off the flats.
The patrolmen worked with grappling
hooks ¦ for two hours In an effort to re
cover the bodies. They secured . but two.
apparently deck, hands. They were burned
beytfnd recognition.
It Was a Terrible Sight.
Captain Smith said he thought there
were a number; of bodies below in the
Saale. ' J
"When I got to the Saale on the first
trip with the tug." he said, "I saw sev
eral men with their heads at the port
holes. The^- were stuck fast and could
get no further out. The ship was gradu
ally sinking. It was a terrible sight. Some
of the men called to us In their own
tongue to 'help them for God's sake/
Their struggles were something frantic.
We could do nothing for them. The up
per part of the vessel was a living fur
nace. We tried to get the prisoners out of
the portholes, but the holes were even
smaller 'than usual. I can even now hear
the poor fellows crying In their despair as
they saw us drawing away from them.
"We heard cries of others back of the
portholes. They seemed to be struggling
for what little air and respite the holes
gave those already there. It was terrible.
"We saw one woman at a porthole. The
flames were rapidly approaching her. She
was said to be a stewardess. A deckhand
on the tug handed her a small hose and
she played It about her stateroom for a
few- moments. They were serious mo
ments. My God. how that woman fought
for her life! She might as well have
poured a teacupful of water on to a liv
ing volcano for all the good It did. She
had no possible chance. As she fonght
the fire- the ship sank steadily and her
struggles were stopped by an Inrush of
water as the jioruiols sank below the
surface."
The steamship was to have sailed for
Boston auriag: tn« afternoon. Tfce of3
clala of the steamship think the- loss of
life .probably Is greatest on the Saale
They place the number at from thirty to
fifty and say the majority of the victims
were employed as firemen and coal pass
.„ :¦¦¦¦*..:¦¦ Could Not Be Saved.
¦VM^K«g: th# "^ ° f ** flreb ° at
"The fire made It Impossible to get to
the steerage of the Saale. We tried next
•l 0 **"-^® people out through the port
holes. There seemed to be forty or fifty
°ln? em - £* ere were men - wo »en and
children. One woman In particular at
tracted out attention. She kept calling to
the others not to give up hope-that we
would save them.
s hl H hL fa^ WaS S 0 " 1 and b ru*3«* where
she had been Crying to get out of th«
small porthole. Finding jj invisible t°
get the poor people, we handed cups of
water to some of them who cried fo- a
drink for God's sake. Just before the ship
went down a tug drew alongside wl\«i a
Roman Catholic priest aboard. He call-M
to the people, who seemed to be mostl>
of JM« .faith, and with uplifted SanSim
parted absolution to them just as the «hlo
went down and the water rushed in at
I^ thoIe f' d . rownJn * them like rats.
The cries of the people as the water
poured In was something terrible "
all the time the steamshln
Main lay at the burning docks with the
fierce flames playing all about her th*
flames from the docks licking her side*
and warping her plates and the flames In
her cargo eating away her interior
Sixteen men lived on board of her. "When
she was hauled out from between th'«
burning docks at 11 o'clock last night the
men were still alive. They made them
selves known half an hour later when
the wreck of the ship was beached at
Shady Side. One of them Is blinded by
the heat they underwent, but the rest are
alive and as well as can be expected.
These men were all coal passers. TVheri
the fire broke out they wero trfnomln?
coal In the coal bunkers.
FEW PASSENGERS
SHOULD HAVE PERISHED
According to Robert Capelle. the agent
of the North German Lloyd In this city,
there Is little probability of any consider
able number of passeng-ers having lost
their lives, a3 there should have been few
If any on board of either of the ships of
his line burned.
The Bremen arrived on June 23. and was
due to sail again on July &. Several per
sons from Honolulu were on her passen
ger list for this trip, and for the next-
July ZX— over 100 from San Francisco had
9ecured passage.
The Main arrived from Bremen at 6
p. m. on the 25th lnst., and was to tall
again July 3.
The Saale was under charter to a party
of Christian Endeavor people, and was to
sail at a date fixed by them, presumably
Just after the Fourth, as she was due to
sail on her return trip from Bremen for
New York on July 17. It Is hardly proba
ble that any of her passengers were al
ready on board.
Herman Oelrichs was formerly general
American agent of the North German
Lloyd, but retired some time since, and
Gustave Schwab Is now at the head of the
agene-y.
The North German Lloyd Is one of the
largest steamship companies In the world
Its fleet numbers sixty-nine ocean steam
ers and thirty-six coasting steamers, with
a gross tonnage of 470,200 tons, besides
river steamers, lighters, etc. It makes Its
calls at every Important port in the world.
Fire at Denver.
DENVER, June 30.— The electriral works
and machine-shop of Frint & Lomax were
damaged by fire this afternoon to th»
extent of y»5.000. .
Grain Burned.
STJIStTX. June 30.— Fire occurred netr
Rio Vista to-day, destroying se,venty-flV9
acres of grain and a separator, the prop
erty of Peter Cook.
OUTER END OF THE MAMMOTH PIER OF 'THE NORTH: GERilAN
LLOYD AT HOBOKEN, -^'i. : :^¦¦^^.^Siiy' -^ ?. ;:
THE NORTH GERMAN riLLDYD STlEAMSHIP: SAALE, " UNDER CHARTER TO THE CHRISTIAN EXDEAV
¦: a;':.;:-. ; ".•:-;:¦* }.:•'•••"£ i^-"/' "OREBS.. TO : .THfc :; WATER'S. :EDGEi / ;- ; , •.. : '• .-•.-.• ;.
E.NTRAXCE TO PIER XO. 1. NORTH GERMAN LLOYD. HOBO
.. ¦¦¦¦¦: ¦¦:¦¦¦•:¦-:: .;- ' ' ¦ : . / " KEX, N. J. . '¦ '¦•..
PORTIONS OF THE PREY OF THE DEVOURING FRAMES
Ten=Million Dollar Fire at the North German Lloyd Steamship Piers at
Hoboken Attended by a Loss of Life Estimated at From ioo to
200— Seamen Crernated in Blazing Vessels;
BIG LINERS BURNED AND SCORES OF HELPLESS PERSONS PERISH
VOLU3IE LXXXVIII--XO. 31^
Pap 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
SAX FRANCISCO,; STXKD AY, : JULY 1, 1900— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SACRAMENTO, June 30.— The Exempt
Firemen's Association of this city, or
ganized in 1872 with 342 members, to-night
voted to" disincorporate, sell Its valuable
property and divide the '. proceeds amonjj
its members, now numbering sixty-seven
The first member of the association to
die- was Joseph W. Coffroth, the eminent
lawvar of parlv/davs.
Firemen to Disincorporate.
CAPE TOWN, June 30.— It is understood
here that after defining his position on the
reassembling of Parliament the former
Premier, Mr. Schreiner, -will resign- his
loot in tha Hfiiisa.
MASERU, June, 30.— The^ Boers attacked
Hammonla yesterday, ' but " were repulsed.
His Seat in the, House.
Rumored that Schreiner Will Resign
BOHItS REPULSED.
Three of the Crew Go to th« Bot
tom With, the Luckless
. / Craft.
PORT HURON, Mich., June 30.— The tug
Marion Teller sank last night and three
of her crew went down with the boat. The
dead are: Al Holmes, engineer; John Kirk
(colored), cook; George Moisner, fireman,
all of Detroit. •
Captain John Cornwall and his brother
Ray were rescued, clinging t.o an over
turned small boat. They were picked up
by the steamer Nonvalk. .
The| Teller was towing the schooner
Cantondown. bound across the lake, when
she began to leak badly. The pumps
would not work. A Btrenuous effort was
made to beach the tug, but before reach
ing shore her fires were extinguished; the
steam .was ; exhausted and she filled rap-
Idly and sank.
Application for a Receiver.
CHICAGO, June 30.— Application fcr the
appointment of a receiver for the Chicago
Consolidated Traction' Company has been
made in the Circuit Court by Sutro Bros.
& Co.. of New York, bankers and stock
holders . In the company. The complain
ants are Lionel Sutro. Richard • Sutro,
TUG MARION TELLER
SINKS IN LAKE HURON
to the arrangement carried
through to-day the six delegates will be
apportioned among the several districts
of the county, and each district will be al
lowed to choose Its own delegates to the
State convention. Judge J.. H. Pryor of
Sausalito was a strong advocate of the
policy of allowing each district to name
its own delegates to the State convention
A county convention will be held here
September 28 for the purpose of nomin
ating a candidate for the Assembly, three
Supervisors and Constables and Justices
of the Peace, where vacancies may exist.
SAN RAFAEL. June 30.— The Republi
can County Committee met in this city
this afternoon and Was called to order by
Chairman E. B. Martinelll. The principal
business transacted was the making of a
provision for the election of delegates to
the Santa Crnz convention, August 28 The
manner of selecting the delegates' was
discussed very fully by the different
members of the committee. On August
11 a convention will be held /to nominate
delegates to be voted at the primaries to
be held August .14. : . .
Special Dispatch to The Call
PLAN OF SELECTING
;¦ . DELEGATES IN MARIN
On arriving at Salt Lake City the dele
gation was met by Chairman Moyle of the
bait Lake Democratic Committee, which
escorted It about the place and showed
every attention. A ride to Salt Atr was
followed by a swim in the great Salt
Lake, then a visit to the salt palace. At
the Mormon Tabernacle, Organist Davis
rendered three beautiful numbers. A ride
about the city in a special electric car
concluded the entertainment. M F Tar
pey Is making a vigorous fight for Na
tional Committeeman. Other matters are
not much discussed. The opinion on Vice
President seems to favor x New York
man, but neither Hill nor Sulzer.
SPRING VILLE, Utah, June ¦ 3O.-The
California delegation held a meeting on
the train to-day. Mayor Phelan pre
sided, in the absence of Senator White.
D. W. Carmichael was unanimously
elected permanent secretary and ,A1
McCabe assistant secretary. It was
agreed to postpone action In regard to
the election of National Committee
men until the entire delegation should
meet together dn Kansas City. A meet
ing was called 'to be held at the Coates
House. Kansas City, at 10 o'clock on the
morning of July 3. The use of the Cali
fornia headquarters was tendered to
the Hawaiian delegation. . The Ha
waiians were pleased with the offer and
accepted with alacrity.
Special Dispatch to The Call
DEMOCRATS ENTERTAINED
AT SALT LAKE CITY
In the Oklahoma contest the factions
are known as the Sipes and Jacobs fac
tions. ¦ ¦ -
The Indian Territory controversy Is
based ujjon a fight over the memberHhip
of the National Committee. That position
is now held by Thomas M. Marcum, who
heads one delegation. These delegations
were chosen by separate Territorial con
ventions held in Ardmore on the 11th of
June, and both claim to bo regular. ¦
but it is essentially a flght for supremacy
in the party in the State, and it bids fair
to be very bitterly contested.
In the case of the District of Columbia
the factions are known as the "Norrls"
and "Holmead." The regular delegation
is headed by National Commltteeman
James L. Norris. while William Holmead
gives name to and Is a member of the
contesting delegation. Holmead's peo
ple allege gross fraud In the election of
regulars.
• The steamer City of Seattle touched
here this morning on her way from the
north for Seattle. She brought down
$200,000 in gold dust, the major part of
which is owned by Professor Lippy of
Seattle.
Dawson passengers say that the exodus
from Dawson to Nome still continues.,
every steamer being crowded pros
pectors bound for Nome or Koyakuk. At
Ketchikan the dead body of an unidenti
fied American was recently found in the
river with a stone tied around his neck.
It waB at first supposed to bo a case of
suicide, but now murder is suspected.
VANCOUVER. B. C. June 30.— The
steamer Cutch arrived this morning from
Skaguay with fourteen passengers from
Dawson. The total amount of sold dust
brought down was $50,000. Moat of the
passengers were for Seattle. C. J. Dum
bleton had the largest Individual amount
of dust, bringing out $12,000. . •
Captain Pillsbury of the San Bias re
ports great activity upon the creeks of
the district.
William Kerr and Thomas Kinman were
capsized from a small schooner in the
bay of Nome and drowned. They were
returning from a prospecting trip.
A man named Lucas shot and killed an
unknown man while the San Bias was ly
ing in tho harbor as a result of the lat
ter's attempt to jum-p a claim owned by
the Alaska Commercial Company. Luca<»
was-, employed by the company in the ca
pacity of watchman. Before the unknown
man expired he managed to inflict a
wound upon the watchman which resulted
In his death.
J. H. Murray of San Francisco took pol
son with fatal results at Nome on June
13. as a result of gloom over the death of
his son at that place receiflly.
L. M. Woodward of Philadelphia blew
out his brains with a revolver on the same
day. The suicide was without funds
and, brooding over his misfortune in be
ing driven from a claim which he had
staked, ended his life.
. The gold dust aboard the San Bias was
all taken from the Dawson cleanups and
shipped down the river. The passenger*
aboard tho vessel had approximately $200,
000 in dust, which was taken from th 1 *
claims at Nome and Rampart City.
: The San Bias reports fifteen vessels at
Nome when she left and that lighterage
rates had advanced to $15 per ton. Shu
confirms the, Report that the steamships
Ohio and Santa Ana are In quarantine at
Egp Island on account of smallpox on
board. The Garonne is also In quarantine
at Dutch Harbor. :
SEATTLE, June 30. — The steamship San
Bias, which left Cape Nome Juno 21. ar
rived here to-day. The vessel brings
$1,000,000 In sold duVt. consiRned from the
Bank of British "North America to th-j
Seattle assay ofllce, together with news of
several tragedies and one suicide whiqh
recently. occurred at Nome. . .
Attempt of an Unknown Man to
Jump an Alaska Commercial
j - Company's Claim Causes a
, Double Tragedy.
Steamer San Bias Arrives
at Seattle From Cape
Nome.
BRINGS DOWN A
MILLION FROM
THE NORTH
REDDING, June SO.— Nothing especially
new developed to-day In the Japanese
matter. Detective Ahern has returned to
Sacramento and everybody is anxious to
learn what the Southern Pacific will do.
If the Japanese come back trouble ta cer
tain. The. Labor Alliance Is exactly In
the same attitude on the question as here
tofore. They say the Japanese s«hall not
return. They met again- last night.
Sheriff Behrens Is apprehensive of the
outcome. The expelled Japanese are now
living in a boxcar, sidetracked at Red
Back the Japanese.
No Attempt Has Been Made to Bring
QUIET AT KESWICK
Frank Pachman and Penrose Fleischer.
In effect the court is petitioned to nul
lify the agreement between the Consoli
dated Traction Company and. the Union
Traction Company, which was practi
cally brought about several months ago
by the transfer of the stock of the Con
solidated Company for mortgage bonds of
the Union Traction Company.
» ' ¦ -. —
PHOENIX, Ariz.. June 30.— Teresa Lr
rca, commonly called Santa Teresa, the
younp senorita who has helped to incite
the various Yaqui Indian rebellions in
Mexico, was shot at Clifton. Ariz.. Friday
by G. X. Rodriguez, to whom she had
been married two days before. .
The youns woman If retarded as a saint
and hundreds of Mexicans chased Kodri-
Buez into the mountains, wh^re he waa
captured after a hard fight. He was un
mercifully beaten and narrowly escapea
lvnchinp. The pirl will live.
ring Yaquis to Rebellion and
Was Regarded as a Saint.
She Has Been Instrumental in Stir-
"SANTA TERESA" SHOT
BY HER HUSBAND
Bluff, awaiting the action of the railroad.
The railroad provided the boxcar for their
especial accommodation. The Japanese
say they are willing to return if the
militia will protect them.
Presidency was discussed at length. Mr.
Sulzer told . Mr. Bryan he was in the lat
ter's hands: that while ho would be grati
fied to be Mr. Bryan's running mate, the
success of the Democratic party was the
first condition and If it was Mr. Bryan's
belief- that some other man would add
greater strength to the ticket he (Sulzer)
would willingly withdraw.*
Mr.. Bryan told Mr. Sulzer he would not'
presume to dictate or even advise as to
the Vice Presidential nominee; that the
convention was competent to make a fit
selection without a suggestion from him.
He told Mr. Sulzer to go ahead with his
canvass and that his only hope was that
the best man would win.
The Sulzer. men were jubilant when tho
developments of the day were made
known. Congressman Sulzer, ex-Con
gressman-v'Lewis; and others left shortly
after noon for Kansas City..
LINCOLN, Nebr., June 30.— Lincoln di
vided with Kansas City to-day and to
night the task of framing a Democratic
platform and selecting a running mate
"¦for W. J. Brya n. • r
The two questions uppermost during the
day— and practically the only ones— were
the financial plank of the platform and th©
Vice Presidency. There was no mistaking
the sentiment of the gentlemen in Lin
coln on the first proposition. It was a
free silver crowd, as. radical In Its stand
as Mr. Bryan himself four years ago,
Congressman Sulzer and ex-Congressman
J. Hamilton Lewis repeated the state
ments made last night that there must be
an emphatic, explicit declaration for free
coinage at 16 to 1. The gentlemen around
them echoed the sentiment, and while all
were careful not to assume to quote Mr.
Bryan, It Was easy to see that they
claimed him as one of the disciples of the
original faith.
Colonel Bryan from early mornlns un
til late at night was the central, pole
around which gravitated the Democratic
hosts. His city home was tha Mecca of
the party pilgrims, as a steady stream
passed in and out throughout tho day.
Mr. -Sulzer had another conference with
Mr. Bryan this morning and the Vice
SILVER ENTHUSIASTS
FLOCK AROUND BRYAN
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 30.— Charles
A. Towne. the nominee for Vice President
by ihe Populist Convention at Sioux Falls
and candidate for the same honor at the
hands of the Democratic Convention, ar
rived in the city to-day and at once opened
his headquarters in the Coates House. He
gave his first attention to the arrange
ments for the convention of the Silver Re*
publicans, whi;h Is to be held In the auJi
toriwm in this city on July 4.'and later re
ceived a number of politicians.
"I really think that I can bring greater
strength to the ticket than any other man
who has been mentioned up to the present
time." he said in an Interview, "and in the
circumstances I consider myself the logi
cal candidate. It must be remembered
that back of me Is the. full strength of
the Populist and Silver Republican par
tie?, and while it Is true that a consider
able part of this will ro Uemocratic any
how. I am able to carry Up full vote, anil
this I do not think at the present time any
other man can do. The Sliver tienubli
cans will ask that th*r<» be In the Demo
cratic platform a specillc declaration for
silver at 16 to 1. An out-and-out reaf
tlrmation of the. Chicago platform wilt
satisfy u-<, but we would prefer the real
thinv ami no beatlnjj about the bush." .
Who w;ih to present his namn to tho
Democratic convention for Vice President
Mr. Towne could not nay. The matter
was to be nettled, he said, at a conference
of tho Silver Republicans* to be held on
Monday, and all arrangements regarding
his candidacy will be settled at that time.
As to whether his name would go before
the convention provided his candidacy
were not Indorsed by the Democrats at
the conference v to be held between the
Democrats nnd Populists and Silver Re
publicans prior to the convention Mr.
Towne would not say. but he intimated
that his name would be placed in nom
ination no matter whether the Democratic
committee accepted him or not.
"If tho Demflcnatic party Bays that It
does not want me," said he. "I rather
think that my chances of securing a nom
ination from them are somewhat slim. I
might not even get the nomination, even
though the committee said that It did
want me. The voice of a committee is
not always the voice of the convention
and it will be ample time for me to settle
that matter when I know what I am
called to pasH upon. At the present time
I would say, however, that my name will
go before the convention."
— *
TOWNE SAYS HE IS
LOGICAL CANDIDATE
.CANTON, Ohio. June SO.-Prcsldent Me-
Klnley reached Canton to-»l.iy and went,
directly to the remodeled cottage in North
Market street, in the.lSOfi
campaign, where ho was Kroeted hy tho
members of tho citizens' reception com
mittee of lSW. who had arranged an Infor
mal reception. -The Vrosklont paused on
the porch In response to the calls of a vast
crowd and said; : .; : .-¦¦• '
My Fellow-cltlzons: It 1b nredlrsa for me to
say that wo arr very slad to pet homo uRaln
ond to be with you ami each one of you n« of
oldiL And the pleasure "'-M? very Krontly «>n
hr-noeil by the warm n ml hearty welcome which
my out neighbors and fellow-oifUens -have : givqn
nu- here this mornttiK. fur which I meat pro
foundly thank you all. ¦ ! .:
It was just such- a scene as was. .wit
nessed every day- of:' tne «::impalK!i.' and
the cheering wnsas loud and aa lusty and
the r enthusiasm as. great.;'aa- when tho
crowds from nil over the. country On nit.
here In the llrst campaign. The reception
was entirely iioiv-iviirtisaii— a- welcome of
friends to rrlcrfd?..>l( brgwn. as the regv
lar Pennsylvania; train appeared, at tho
eastern limits, of the city, wlicn.a shrill
Mast from one «f the. busy factories gravo
the signal, lustantly other whistles all
over the city joined in the deafenlnK re
frain. At the same Instant employes oi
the numerous shops alortK-the railroad
rushed to the windows mid. -with cheeYn
and waving hats and handkerchiefs, wel
comed the distinguished;. party.
When the arrivals left the train tho.citl
jiens" reception committee of "J>tj. wearing
the badges which became familiar then,
opened the way to the carriage. Tho
President's carriage took Mrs. McKinley
and her maid directly to the Rarber home.
The. President, Secretary Cortelyou : anil
other members of the party took landaus
and were driven to the McKinley. home,
The Canton troop and the mounted: recep
tion committee- of 1S9G led the way. the
(•rand Army Band playing "Home, Swoet
Home." ¦ ;' i •- •'• . : . •. , •• • .. '
:AVhat Canton did hi welcoming: the Pres
ident other cities/ did along the route to
the extent of the opportunity afforded by
the brief stops of a fast train. From day
light on. there was an almost continuous
ovation. '.Demonstrations were made, at
Alliance* Salem. Latonia and other man
ufacturing towns along the line by the
crowds on the platform and by workmen
In shop windows. The President-, appeared
on the platform and acknowledged., the
Greetings with bows and waVings of his
hand.' It was remarked that both the.
President, and Mrs. McKinley were ap
parently, in excellent health. '•¦:¦ :¦¦'.
Factory ,Whistles Announce the Ap
."• proacli of His Train and Old
* .Neighbors Escort Him ;
• v. From the Station.
Home-Coming of the Presi
dent Made a Gala ,
, Event
CANTON GIVES
WARM WELCOME
TO McKINLEY
Convention May Split on the P.roposM
Evasion of a Specific Declaration
for a Sixteen-to-One Ratio. J
DEMOCRATS DIVIDED ON
THE SILVER QUESTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1, 1900.
14
Hopes of Bryan and Democracy Frozen to the Trust Which Will Not
Be Condemned at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, June 3?.— There is a
constant bang, bang of hammers,
rasping of sawp, shouting of or
ders and rushing of fV»fct day and
night at the big hall where the
I>emocratic National Convention is to be i
held. As fast as one portion of the struc- 1
ture is finishe'd the decorators pounce upon j
it £.nd with bflts of bunting. I'a.-^s and !
pictures of Democratic leaders. *ct In the
national coat of arms, cover up the
•walls and pjiace? so that the delegates who
assemble on' the Fourth will se<» all the
colnrs and emblems of the national holi
day coupled with evidr-nce of a Democrat
ic celebration.
Seme f^ars are expressed by now ar
rivals regarding the possible failure to
have the hall ready in time, but the gen
uine Western push and energy, character
istic of Kansas City, encourage tjie be
lief that everything will r*> ready when
Chairman Jones calls ihe convention to
ordr-r at noon next Wednesday.
The decorations on the outside of the
State delegation headquarters are not yet
in place, save in a few instances, a:;d only
a building here and there is ornamented
with ft^gs. but on Monday there will be a
great change in their appearance The
decorations are being saved in ordr-r that
they may be fresh when the delegates
come.
About the hotels, however, there is al
ready briskness and moving throngs of
ramiljar convention fac^s. A number of
old-line Democrats who have been going
to conventions for year? and the youngtr
men who belong to the "new Democracy"
have arrived and taken up the work "in
nand. Several boomer? of the Vice Presi
dential candidates have come in and are
making considerable noise. ¦
Divided on Silver Issue.
Delegates are dropping in from different
sections and ths meeting of the sub-com
rnitteo on convention arrangements at
tracted quite a knot, of men about the
national committee headquarters.
As on Friday, the most interesting topic,
and that which gives the Democrats here
the most concern, is promised contest
over the 16-to-l phir.k of the platform.
The utterances of men like National
Chairman Jones. William J. Stone and
ether Western and Southern leaders, to
gether with the action of Western ana
Southern Democratic State conventions
in their platforms, would seem to indicate
that a reattirmution of the Chicago plat
form is all thrit would be necessary. Such
action under ordinary circumstances
would be apt to be accepted as the prob
able action of the national convention,
but the reports from Lincoln indicate that
16 to 1 must be specifically declared if the
views of Mr. Bryan are to be followed
There are so many delegates who desire
to carry out the wishes of the coming
nominee that tfc» clash between them and
those holding different views is likely to
be spirited and the result somewhat
doubtful.
Chairman Jones said that the declaia
tion on silver should not vary the breadth
of a hair from that marked in the Cbi-
CCgo platform, and he thinks a reaffirma
tlon is sufficient. The breadth of a hair,
however, . is Ktill too wide for some and
they favor splitting the hair, especially
if the Chicago platform Is to be the test.
The extreme silver men insist that a "re
afllrmation would be a concession." Gold
men and others who have returned to the
party s:iy yuch a concession Is sufficient.
So the hair that Senator Jones spoke
about seems to be wide enough to cause a
lively contest when the platform is con
sidered.
There are some other features of the
platform that may not be agreed upon at
once— expansion, the present Chinese sit
uation and the Coeur d'Alene riots. But
the' differences over these can be readily
adjusted, as they are either foreordained
now or susceptible of manipulation by the
platform expert?.
Candidates Arrive Early.
Three Vice Presidential possibilities
came in to-day — the chairman of the Sil
ver Republican committee, who was
named by the Populists for Vice Presi
dent, Charles A. Towne: Benjamin F.
Bhiveley. ex-member of Congress from In
diana, and William Sulzer, member of
Congress from New York. The latter ar
rived late in the evening, after spending
a day or two at Lincoln, where he had
been conferring with Mr. Bryan. Mr.
Towne modestly outlined the reasons
which prompted him to bo a candidate.
Mr. Shiveley said he was not a candidate,
while his friends declared that he would
be presented by Indiana. No one" is yet
ready to hazard a prediction that any one
of these men will be selected.
The arrival of these candidates created
talk and speculation, but neither they nor
any one else can now even guess how
many votes any one of them will receive.
There has been a renewal of the talk
about nominating Mr. Bryan on the
Fourth of July, and a night Fession\has
been suggested in order to accomplish
this. It is even paid that he may be nom
inated before the platform is adopted, but
many are doing what they can to dis
courage the proceeding, declaring that it
will be crowding sentiment too far to de
part from the regular and orderly proced
ure of the convention.
Thfre is still uncertainty a? to whether
Mr. Bryan will come to Kansas City after
the convention makes the nomination.
No one now here is authorized to speak
for him. It has been said that the con
vention can conclude all its business in
two days, and the third day be devoted to
giving a reception to Mr. Bryan and
listening to a speech from him. This
would be an attractive programme, es
pecialiv for Kansas City, as the appear
ance of Mr. Bryan would doubtless attract
as many people as the opening day.
Although the National Committee has
taken no action, there has -been a great
deal of correspondence and consultation
among leader? everywhere on the*subject
at presiding f^Ticers, and the understand
ing is that Mayor Roue of Milwaukee will
.1>e the temporary chairman and James T).
P.ichardson of Tennessee, the minority
leader in the House of Representatives,
the permanent chairman..
CLARK-DALY FEUD v.^ ,
AGAIN TO THE FORE
KANSAS CITY, June 20.-So far us the
National Democratic Committee is in
formed, the convention -will have four con
tests to decide.' Only one. of yiese- con
tests involves a State delegation.' Two of
the others refer to the representation of
Territories and the other to the District of
Columbia. ' The State contest is over the
representation from Montana and the two
Territories involved are Oklahoma arm In-"
dlan Territory. ' . ; . ¦" .¦ '
The greatest interest centers in the Mon
tana contention, because of the Clark-
Daly feud, which found such bitter ex
pression during the last session of Con
gress in the fight over the scat of Horn
\V. A. Clark in the Senate.
The advance representatives of both fac
tions are already here, and they are quite
busy in presenting their respective claims'
to recognition. Senator Clark will head
the delegation bearing his name, -while
the Daly delegation is led by Hon. Martin
J. Maginnls, who received Governor
Smith's appointment for Senator, as Mr.
Clerk received the . appointment by the
Lieutenant Governor In the absence of the
Governor. Others of the Clark delegation
are:, former Governor Hauser, J. M. Holt
Frank Higgins and H. E. Frank. 'Mr Ma-
Kinnis' associates are: Robert B. Smith
W. M. Cockrlll. Paul Fuse, Dr. J. M. Fox
and ex-Congressman Walter S. Hartman.
In this contest both the Clark people and
the Daly people claim regularity. They
held separate State conventions and both
were held in Butte on the same day. Some
technicalities are Involved in th« raw
• An Honest
Tired Feeling
Is caused by necessary toll and cured by
natural rest. But very different is "that
tired -feeling." which takes you to bed
tired and wakes you up tired. That tired
feeling originates In Impoverished blood
and needs Hood's Sarsaparllla for Its cure.
The tonic effect of this medicine is felt by
the . stomach, kidneys and liver; appetite
comes back and that tired feeling is gone.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Price fL
HOOD'S FVJLG cure co&ftip&tlca. Price, I*c
Will Be Afldeil to Our
CLEARANCE SALE
TO=Mt>RROW,
MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.
5000 GARMENTS JUST RECEIVED,
Purchased from Leading Eastern Manu-
facturers and Importers
At Exactly Half Regular Values.
This Enormous Purchase consists of TAILOR-MADE
SUITS, TAILOR - MADE JACKETS, OUTING
SKIRTS, DRESS SKIRTS, LADIES' AND MISSES'
CLOTH CAPES, ULSTERS, AUTOMOBILES,
PLUSH CAPES, MISSES' CAPES, Etc.
500 LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, handsomely
braided, former price $1.50, will be offered CCf*
¦
Ladies, call and examine these sroods
J. OIBrien never misrepresented goods.
Ladies, purchase or no purchase, you will be treated
with politeness.
LADIES' ; TAILOR-MADE SUITS, valuefjr ftft
for $22.50, will be offered at UlUiUU
ALL GOOD.S MARKED IX PLAIN FIGURES.
COURTESY AND ATTENTION GUARANTEED.
None here but competent young ladies. .
THE LARGEST STOCK OF CLOAKS AND SUITS
EVER EXHIBITED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Uiv DniLlivu vUi
1146 Market Street.
"Finally. I wrote ... to Dr. Hartman,
and .1 am thankful ¦ : to say . that I am
now Avflll, through bis good advice anil
medicine. I am gaining in flesh and foil
young again. I was .very emaciated, but
how tty own children are surprised In tho
great change in me when they visit me."
"/ was not well for six years, pat
many doctor bills, but never im-
proved very much. I gave up hopes
of ever recovering.
: So many housewives suffer from ner
vous depression due to catarrhal weak-
ness peculiar to their sex. and suffer nn
year after year, not knowing what thei-
ailment is. Mrs. Mary Cook of. Pitt:
ford, N, Y., .suffered for six years befo:.
she learned of Peruna. Mrs. Cook rt
cently wroto the following letter to D;
Hartman: -. * ' ' '
"/ took a couple of bottles and be-
gan to feel better. I continued its
use until now I am a we II woman. I
praise Peruna highly and wish other
women would use it."
Miss Annie Zlott, 72 Livingston street,
Newark, N. J., took Peruna for extreme
nervousness. She says: "I was very III
and thought I would die. I had a ter-
bU headache and my head swam; I
unight I would never get well; I seemed
i have a great complication of diseases
nd bought medicines, but they did me
TO good.
"Finally I gave up and thought I would
wait for my end. One day 1 happened
to pick up one of your books. I read of
ither women who were near death and
had been cured by , Peruna, so I thought
I wcjifild try it.
Most wrmen feel the need of a tonic
to counteract the debilitating effects of
fummer weather. Peruna is such a rem-
ery. It cures all catarrhal conditions,
whether it T>e weakness, nervous depres-
sion or summer catarrh. For a. free book
cn summer catarrh, address The Peruna
Medicine Co., Columbus. Ohio
"Four weeks ago I believed I had
consumption; I took a severe cold,
and although for ihe first few days
the mucus in my throat and chest
was loose, it finally became so bad
that I had difficulty in breathing.
"Pain In the shoulders followed. As I
had placed by confidence in you and
Peruna, I followed your directions strict-
ly, and improved from day to day, and
am now well again." :.
Mrs. Anna Roes, 2313 North Fifth street,
Philadelphia, Pa., writes:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oTT ' (0^^^^^
C^V*^ V^> 1 NEWARK. W*"'***ft0 a <sj2BOXERS OFFERING SACRIFICE TO THEIR "WAR GOD BEFORE
STARTING ON THEIR DEPREDATIONS.
a few of the men. While crossing to Join
the British they were exposed to a heavy
flanking fire, and Private John Hunter
was killed and Sergeant Taylor and Cor
poral Pedrick were wounded. Of the Eng
lish two were killed and three wounded.
The English and American forces carried
the village outside of the walled city by
storm. They four.d in Tientsin Lieutenant
Irwin and Cadet Pettlngill, with forty
men. in good condition. Among the killed
also was Private Nicholas, and still an
other American was wounded.
When the Chinese attacked 'Tientsin on
June 21 Major "Waller's command, with 440
Russians, was ambuscaded three miles
from that place. They were compelled to
retreat, abandoning a three-inch rifle and
a Colt's gun^and losing four killed and
seven wounded.
The greatest anxiety exists concerning
the position of the foreigners at Peking.
Admiral Kempff believes that large rein
forcements are necessary In order to reach
Peking. He is anxious to avoid all action
likely to involve Americans in future dip
lomatic discussion.
When the forts were attacked the Brit
ish gunboat Algerlne surprised and board
ed four Chinese torpedo boats under the
shadow of the forts. They offered one to
Admiral Kempff, who declined to receive
It. However, the Russians, Germans and
Japanese each took one of the boats.
BOXERS LOOTING THE
CITY OF CHINCHOW
LONDON. June 30.— A special from
Shanghai says that the railway between
Tientsin and Taku is now in working or
der. A t<*legram from Chefu, dated Fri
day, n ports that a Japanese steamer has
arrived with a number of ladles and chil
dren from Nluchwarur. which is now de
fended by Russians and Japanese.
The Shantung province Is now up In
arms, according to ¦ special dispatches
from Shanghai. and the rebels are destroy
ing the missions. The foreigners are es
caping by means of an escort from the
Governor.
Boxer placards have been posted at
Raiding, a city a day's march from
Shanghai, fixing Sunday as a day for the
massacre of the foreigners and the burn
ing of the missions. The Consul has de
tained a steamer and will take away the
foreigners.
Youns Mr. Deriby, son of the late Unit
ed States Minister to China, Colonel
Charles Denby, has been reported from
Shanghai as being safe.
According to Chinese sAvIam th« Gex-
WASHINGTON. June 3O.-General Mac-
Arthur notified the War Department to
day that the transp-jrt Sherman, from
Snn Francisco, arrived at Manila on the
2Sth Inst. This news is very gratifying to
the officials of the War Department, as it
tends to solve the problem of-transporta
tion of troops from Manila to China in
case it becomes necessary to. send addi
tional reinforcements to that country. It
is stated at the quartermaster general's
office that there are now at Manila facil
ities for the transportation of 4500 troops
with no. greater delay than 1b necessary in
their embarkation. The transports avail
able are the Warren and the Sherman,
both of which are troopships of the largest
size: the transports Pennsylvania and In-
WtM>*- '' ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '
SOLVES THE PROBLEM
OF TRANSPORTATION
Secretary Hay gave his personal atten
tion to the situation, though far from re
covered from his attack of Illness yester
day. He is still hopeful that there will be
found a satisfactory and honorable out
come of the present difficulties. Appar
ently the Chinese Minister here. Mr. Wu,
holds to the same belief, and this with his
personal knowledge of the actual 'senti
ments of the Tsung-li-Yamen.
The decision amounts to a practical
declaration that as yet there is nothing
official that will warrant the assumption
that the Chinese Government itself di
rected the uprising and attack.
But In the absence of the facts the Gov
ernment to-day determined to proceed
upon the line already laid down, namely,
that the Ministers are in Peking In need
of help. The Navy and the War Depart
ments will continue the plans set afoot for
the dispatch to Peking of an expedition to
bring away the 'Ministers, A Cabinet
council to-day decided this point, and did
so with all of the official dispatches be
fore them as well as with knowledge of
the contents of the Associated Press ca
blegrams from China in their possession. •
State and Navy Departments respecting
the condition of the foreign Ministers at
Peking, not one of the messages gives the
slightest intimation of the reason why the
Ministers failed to leave the Chinese capi
tal when given a day's time In which to
do so. One assumption is that the Minis
ters declined because they would have
gone out of Peking to certain massacre by
the hordes of Boxers outside. Another is
that v.hey declined to leave until the other
foreigners were safely removed, some
thing beyond the capacity or Inclination of
the Tsung-li-Yamcn to accomplish.
BERLIN, June 30.— The Relchsanzeiger
to-day publishes the text ' of two tele
grams sent by Emperor "William to Vice
Admiral Bendemann, the German com
mander In Chinese waters, expressing his
appreciation and thanks for the gallan
try of the commander, and crew of the
German gunboat Iltls In the fighting at
Taku, and requesting the admiral to tele
graph suggestions for the bestowal of
decorations on the officers and men.
DECORATIONS FOR GERMANS.
The Knglish torpedo boat Fame visited
the fort at the new city, twelve miles up
the river. It was found deserted and was
blown up.
The force ashore now numbers 16,000,
of which 3200 are British, 1300 Germans.
4000 Russians, 3600 Japanese, and the re
mainder American, French, Italian and
Austrian.
TAKU, June 30.— Admiral Kempff op
posed the policy ot attacking the Chi
nese army unless they began hostilities.
It la now admitted that the powers at
tacking the forts turned the Chinese into
allies with the Boxer?. Americans think
this might have been avoided. Admiral
Kempff has held aloof from hostilities be
yond movements necessary to rescue
Americans.
ADMIRAL KEMPFF
ACTED JUDICIOUSLY
diana, the freight ships Westminster And
Wyefleld and the animal ship Port Ste
vens. The "Wyefleld Is a powerful craft
and Is capable of transporting a full bat
tery of artillery.
WOODLAND, June SO.-Judfe William
Sims of Winters, Robert Thompson of San
Francisco and J. M. "Walling pf San Fran-
Templars Purchase Covell Farm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In the second message, dated to-day, the
Emperor voices his gratification at' the
excellent conduct of_the expeditionary
forces and confers the crown order of
the second class on Captain von Osedom.
decoratio f ° r sugrgestIons regarding other
LEGATIONS CONTINUE
TO ENJOY PROTECTION
PARIS. July 1. 12:20 a. m.-The French
Consul at Shanghai telegraphs that the
Viceroy has communicated to htm the fol
lowing:
"I received on June 25 by telegraph a re
script declaring that the legations con
tinue to enjoy the protection of the im
perial Government."
CAPTURE OF AN ARSENAL.
LONDON, June 30.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Col
onel Dorward:
"CHEFTJ, June 30.— The arsenal north
east of Tientsin was captured during the
morning of June 27 by the combined
forces. The British troops engaged were
the naval brigade and the Chinese regi
ment. The naval brlrade had four men
killed and fifteen wounded, including two
officers. The Chinese regriment had no
casualties. The latter checked an attack
by the Boxers on our left flank with heavy
loss to the enemy."
CABLEGRAMS GIVE
NEWS OF MISSING
FOREIGN MINISTERS
Diplomats Were fallowed Twenty-Four
Hours to Leave Peking, But Tl)ey
Refused to Depart.
WASHINGTON, June 3O.— The Navy Department has re
ceived the following cablegram from Admiral Kempff:
"CHEFTJ,'June 30.— Secretary Navy, Washington:
Ministers at Peking -were g^ven twenty-four hours to leave
on the 19th. They refused and are still there. The Peking
relief forces got half way. They were attacked by Imperial troops on
the 18th. McCalla was in command. Four were killed and twenty
five wounded. McCalla and Ensign Taussig wounded, but not seri
ously. Now over 14,000 troops ashore. Commander Wise at Tong
Ku in charge of transportation rail and river. The combined nation
alities find it necessary to make use of some civilians to operate rail
way. f% f; |vi fjfp,"
, A cablegram received at the State Department to-day from
Embassador Choate at London states that the foreign Ministers were
safe at Peking on the 25th. inst. The Chinese Minister here, Mr. Wu,
has private advices to the same effect, which he has brought to the
attention of the State Department.
The following cablegram has been received from United States
Consul Eagsdale at Tientsin, dated the 27th inst., being the first
communication received from that officer in nearly two weeks:
"Siege of Tientsin raised. Troops sent for the relief of the le
gations returned. In vain. Fighting seven separate battalions. Amer
ican loss six killed, thirty-eight wounded. On the 19th the Ministers
were given twenty-four hours to leave Peking. Refused. Still
there. HAGSDALE."
NO TIME TO BE LOST V .w;
V : IN REACHINGVPEKING
WASHINGTON. June 30.— Although no
less than four accounts have come to the
man coal mines at Chowfu, In Shantung,,
have been set on;; fire. The. Germans,, ac
oordinp to the reports, are , awaiting a
cavalry escort; which is- expected to re
lieve them.: The. city, of. Chirichbw; afer
cording' to .the': kdvlces. received. - from
China, has been a tt acked by .-¦ t he Boxers ,
who are now looting it. . The mlssiphs
have been destroyed, the members; barely
escaping with.; their: lives.'-; ¦,'-.. ¦;•- •
SANTA CRUZ. June 30.— J. Lorenzana
and C. Buelna were arrested this evening
on a charge of arson. They are accused
of attempting: to set fire to a building on
Pacific avenue. The fire was discovered In
time to prevent a heavy loss.
Charged With Arson.
New Steel Bridge to Be Constructed
at Knights Landing.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
WOODLAND, June 30.— On June 17. 1S33.
the railroad company entered into an
agreement with Yolo and Sutter counties
for the construction and maintenance of
a drawbridge at Knights Landing for Joint
use as a highway and a railroad bridge.
The company has served notice on the
two counties that the bridge is now in
such condition that it will be necessary
in a short time to demolish it. The com
pany will build a steel bridge solely for
railroad use and does not desire any fur
ther partnership in the bridge with the
two counties.
The construction and maintenance of a
separate bridge for roadway purposes will
necessitate an extraordinary drain on the
road funds of the two counties. The ac
tion of the railroad company is no doubt
due to the course pursued by Sacramento
and Yolo counties in regard to the Wash
ington bridge.
Mrs. Aubrev Weds.
BAR HARBOR, Me., June 30.— Mrs.
Paulina Aubrey, daughter of Chief Jus
tice and Mrs. Melville W. Fuller, and Dr.
Samuel L. Moore of Evanston. 111., were
married at Mayne Stayne. the summer
home of the Fullers at Sorento, to-day.
The ceremony had been postponed from
Thursday because Rev. W. O. Baker, rec
tor of St. Xavier's Episcopal Church, re
fused to officiate, as the bride had been
divorced from her former husband, who Is
still living. Rev. S. C. McLearn of the
Bar Harbor Baptist Church performed
the ceremony.
Mrs. Dondore Leaves Property \ to
"Ballington Booth or His Suc
cessor in Salvation Army."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, June 30. — A chance for a
legal fight between the Salvation Army
and the Volunteers of America la found
in the will of Mrs. C. T. Dondore. which
was filed for probate to-day. By the will
property to the amount of close to .T30.000
is disposed of, and one of the bequests Is
to "Balllngton Booth or his successor in
the Salvation Army." The bequest is of
property in Findley. Ohio, for which the
lady refused J20,000 less than three years
ago. The property comprises about fif
teen acres of land within the city limits
of Findley. Ohio, and It will be considered
worth more with the passing? years. The
fact that Balllngton Booth u not now
with the Salvation Army, but is at the
head of the American Volunteers, is what
may lead to the complications between
the two organizations, for the bequest is
certainly worth striving: for.
Only a short time since Mrs. Dondore
deeded two business lots in Kindley to
the Presbyterian church of this city,
two more to the Presbyterian church of
Findley, and two others to the Methodist
church of that city. Her property comes
from her father and from her grand
father, the latter having moved to Find
ley when there were but twelve business
houses in the place.
Among other bequests are two of a pub
lic nature. She gives the income from a
certain store building in the Ohio town to
the poor of that place. The amount is
about $1100 per year, and It is to be dis
tributed by the City Council each winter
to the needy. The other bequest Is the
income from property which rents for
about $500 a year to the public library of
Findley.
FOB THE RATLEOAD ONXY.
WILL MAY CAUSE
A LEGAL BATTLE
Cisco, trustees of the Good Templars'
Home for Orphans at Vallejo, were in this
city to-day and consummated the pur
chase of the Covell farm of 220 acres, sit
uated four and a half miles north of Win
ters. The consideration was $10,000 and the
purchase monev was a part of the be
quest left to the home by the late E. L
Upham. amounting to $79,345 20. The pur
chase was made as an investment and
the farm will be managed by the trustees.
The property Is considered to be a valua
ble one.
Group of Beggars, From Whom the "Boxers" Are Largely Recruited, Waiting for Distribution of Rice.
On June 21 the Russians became en
gagtvi in a conflict with the Chinese. First
Major "Waller reinforced them, and then
lejolned the British, the Military College
being attacked. The Chinese exploded a
mine under the marines, merely, bruising
TAKU, June 27.— Early in the morning
of the 23d Major Waller and two compa
nies of British marched on Tientsin. The
remainder of the British and S00 Welsh
Fusileers suppcrting went up the rivet
bank. Another column, "consisting chiefly
of Russians anu Germans, took up the
route chosen by "Waller. They were re
pulsed, however.
ANXIETY CONCERNING
FOREIGNERS AT PEKING
Reports from Rome are to the effect
that the warships Vesuvius and Strom
boli have sailed from Venice for China.
According to the Clerical Ordinance the
Vatican has received* from the Catholic
missions in China telegrams stating that
the attacks of the I3oxers are directed
chiefly against the Protestant mission
aries, who are known to rely upon the
armed intervention of their Governments.
A special dispatch from Rome says that
Signor Crispi has been interviewed on the
Chinese situation and that he has made
the following statement:
"China is neither Africa nor India.
Europe, which has never been able to im
pose itself upon the Immense Chinese Em
pire, the eldest civilization in the world,
may yet awake;, the dormant lion. If
China should arouse itself, all the ; re
sources of Europe would hardly suffice to
conquer that race. The missionaries are
responsible for all that may happen."
leading part in the suppression of the re
volt, that her interests are supreme In
Northern China 3nd that she must have
the ruling voice in' the settlement with
the Peking Government.
A St. Petersburg: correspondent quotes
the Novosti as declaring that the Russian
Official riew is that Russia must play the
LONTXDN. Julx 1. 3:55 a_ in.— Tbe total
c.:^erice of news from China leaves the
Fdtcatioa, especially the fate of the Min
isters, as obscure as ever and the London
rrws apencies are endea\*orlng to find
l!pht '.r. other European capitals. One
Ft at»>? that the Chinese legation at Berlin
c^clar^s tha.t there Is every reason to be
lieve that the powers are willing to ac
cept the intervention of Li Hung Chang
end others.
RUSSIA MUST PLAY
THE LEADING ROLE
It ;* expected that Admiral Remey will
rrr.".- r a s-hip to Taku to take the plac«
rf the Oregon. It is t possible the New
Orleans may be srlected. Secretary- Long
Fai'i to-day that men and not ships are
peededj and he paw no ne«d for reinforce
ments for the fleet.
"I arr. still hoping for the beet," said
Minister YVu to-day. "I am satisfied my
Government !s doing ail in Its power to
;r ted the foreign Ministers and will con
t • •: ;o do so."
Consul Robert McAVade. at Canton,
¦wirrd the State Department to-day ask
ins: OaX the armored cruiser Brooklyn te
ordered to Canton to* convoy Viceroy L4
Hung Chang- to Taku. from which point
h^ COUld go overland to Peking. Minister
AV:. the Chinese Minister, called upon
Acting Secretary Hill this morning and
Informed him that LI Har.g Chang would
r>^n:3in at Canton, his pre?ence there b<^-
Lng necessary for the maintenance of or
c^r. It is presumed here that the Em
pr* .-.¦= I>owaper proposes to deal with the
ir.t<=rr!atlonal situation herself, which
ncan« that Bhe will take the advice of her
•u.-.;. regressive officials and will not listen
tn ;«at mhich such m«?n as Vlceros* LI
could < tTer. This Is sincerely regretted
by ihr officials, who had believed that L:
¦would have given important assistance to
tho pome»-si in bring-ing about the prompt
s- ;;;'r^ssion of the present trouble.
Th-ityrh Hear Admiral Kempff has been
repeatedly instructed to cable the names
of the killed and wounded, lie has failed
to do so. In hi? message he states that
Commander McCallas command fus
taii^d a loss of four killed and twenty-
Jivf wounded, a loss of one-fifth of the
American force, which numbered about
350.
Consul Ra^sdale states that the Ameri
ca:! loss is six killed and thirty-eight
wouaded. It Is presumed that In addition
t» McCaila's casualties he has adde<l
thrse of the American force which re
lieved and has defended Tientsin.
Those who know the intrepid character
ef Captain McCalla had expected that he
would expose himself and they were not
eurprised therefore that h« had been
•wour.ded. Er.sli?n Taussigr. who is also
wounded. Is the son of Commander Tau?
eig. who commands the gunboat York
town.
EmbaswuSor Choate adJed to the feeling
cf thv relief of the authorities by cabling;
that nil of the foreign Ministers in Peking
vere safe on Mcr.iay laeL He failed to
•rive the source of his information, hut
Ftatcd that It could be regarded as entire
ly trustworthy. In view of the messages
cf Admiral KempJT and Consul Rapsdalt-.
the authorities .a re inclined to place en
tire credence in the information regarding
the security of the Minsters and. in fact,
cf all foreigners in the capital of China.
CAT^L. HEADQTARTERS. WEI--
L1XGTON HOTELs WASH1NG
TVt>". Jure y).— Tho foreifni l©
pations arf> stlH in Peking and arc
safe. This rheorinp news reached
fhf State Departir.cnt to-<lay and was of!i
clally confirmed by EmbasFador Choate at
London. Thf a>*.jnini.<tration ofliciii'.? wli'" 1
yesterday had arrefd that the Ministers
toa«l left JVkinsr and had been murdered
or were hoM as hf.Ftag":- expressed savis
factSon to-day with their action in re
ma:n!r.p i:i Peking and rr-"<lSct that they
will l>e protected by thr- Imperial Govon>
mer.t until the allied troops come to thei
re'.ief.
Cheering News Reaches the State Depart
ment and Is Officially Confirmed by Em
bassador Choate at London.: ;r
Ministers Refused to Leave the Chinese
Capita! When Ordered to Do So— Brave
Captain McCalla Wounded While Bat
tling With the Boxers. ? •
FOREIGN LEGATION STILL SAFE AT PEKING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1, 1900.
15
ADVZHTISEWENTS.
¦nil V* f\ Completely eradicated with*
Oil L V out cuttlnc or tytnr. No
f I [¦ _\ ear*, no pay. For mf orm »-
1 ILLU Uon addresa B. T. K KCT Ai»
INSTITUTE. U7> lUrkst.
¦Call en or adfiress
THE "M #> KO\'ELTT WORKS. '
*OK» MARKET 6T.. BAN FEAJfCISCX).
SLOT MACHINES.
WE HANDLE THE LATEST.
ARE YOU STRONG?
A<? Sfrmifl 1 as Yon Siinnlri Rp? Wr^mw^ §
s. Ho utlUll^ 0)0 lull OllUulu DC; MM$M «
8 If vou are not, if von suffer from debility or nervousness, vou should A- p£«fS*55***» ; $:e ti <7&'.-~'ity6 9;
g look for a remedy. Your system— muscular and nervous system — is ¦¦££*& wiS^^-->
.$? "run down." You lack "tone" and require the invigorating, « /4C • §
X revivifying element, ELECIRICITY. When appUed by my " WfW^^^P^ " S^W0%? '«
1 . Dr. Sanden Electric ¦ Belt (Patented). "^^^^9^^ 1
8 Electricity is a sure cure. I can show you thousands of testimonials i %
i§ from psople who have been cured of rheumatism, paralysis, kidney - i §
g trouble and disorders of the generative system by its use. " DOSS More Than Is Claimed for It. §
§ It cures! It will cure -YOU. So confident am I of this that I simi. Ventura county, cai June 2. iso.>. S
« .„. _, . , , , . , . , ,. , ,. • • « . , . DR. T. A. SANDEN: The Belt I purchased <r
3 am willing to send any of my highest power belts to any address for " ,-- from you two months **o has entirely cured *•*
g ONE-HALF CASH, leaving it to the patient to pay the balance' when he % J5Sr w Sit n 7"gSS3 ta"«io rSTt^a^S S
'g is absolutely cured. Fend for my FREE BOOK or caU and see me and I^L^^hV^VT^^^t 'Wu S
» examine the belt. iJffico hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1. doe9 more you clalm Itv^ux^' §
§ NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. g
B DR T A SANDEN G- o'ifarrell street, §
OB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Over-Work Weakens
Your Kidneys.
Unhealthy Kidneys MaKe Impure Blood.
All the blood In your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
fThe kidneys are your
blood purifiers, they fil-
ter out the waste cr
impurities in the blood.
If they are sick or out
of order, they fail to do
their work.
Pains, aches and rheu-
matism come from ex-
cess cf uric acid in the
blood, due to neglected
I kidney trouble.
Kidney trouble causes quick cr unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart is
over-working in pumping thick, kidney-
| poisoned blood through veins and arteries.
It used to be considered that only urinai/
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning in kidney trouble.
If you are sick you can maka no mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy Is
| soon realized. It stands the highest for its
I wonderful cures cf the most distressing cases
1 and is sold on its merits f^^T- ¦¦¦_
by all druggists in fifty- rfSijSt^sSAiisj:^
cent and one-dollar siz- jXtpS-taH **3f KSSSj
es. You may have a^^^gglgEi
sample bottle by mail Homo of Swnp-Root.
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
th'eTiberal credit house.
BRILLIANT'S,
FOK
FURNITURE
CMRF^ETS
AT
REDUCED PRICES.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN 100 MILE9.
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. N*ar Powell.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
T'F-PTTH Whicil wl11 T°u have. t?ie
1 i-> 1— 111* romfort « of good teeth, or
the wretched misery. »uC»rtnT anil terrib'.e
pangs of toothache and brcken-down constitu-
tion, caused by polluted breath from decavivi
te?th. And yet many stru&ffle on through lira
and allow their teeth to get in this most de-
plorahle condition without seeking fhe proper
source to have their teeth restored to th<Mr
natural condition.
Wf are making a specialty of rold emwn arvJ
bridge work: the most beautiful. patnieM and
durabte of all dental work known to the pro-
fessiion. Our name alone will be a guarantee
that your work will be of the best. We have a
gpeciallst In each department.
Full set of teeth K. a perfect fit jruaxan*e«d
or no pay. Gold crowns. $o- Gold fillings. U.
Silver nillncs. 50c.
fjOFlATES |§i|W
New York Dental Parlors?
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIS OFFICE PORTLAND, OR.
; BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
«»©©3COS©O3©C©2©SC3©*Oe
| NEW BICYCLES f
© REDUCED TO *5
8 $20 and $25. f
© Men's and Ladies*. .'. ©
o Bargains in 2d-nand bicycles, o
§ $5, SIO, $15. g
O SB31TID FOR LIST. ©¦
f.LEAVITT & BILL, |
0 3O9 LAHKIN ST. J
de>\/e*1«ncl Cyclery. Q
Satisfactory
Eye«Glasses.
If you are wearlsr Eye-Gla*ses t!iat are not
satisfactory, we can slv* yon relief la a few
minutes and at rawest cost (for first-elasa serv-
ice). Our Famous Clips attached for 50c, whUs
you wait.
Ocallsts' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 15.
64Z Market 5t. instruments
UHDia CMaowictt Bun.3ix&. CATALOGUE FREE.
p EHHYROYAL PiLLS
£ft\JFis». toT CHICJHKSTEK'S ENGLISH
K 4l^5*jlr- 1 vA '» Him mat Cold BMtaUe bom. «.-'.
ja «"" u " lttlH - Take no other. Rrfu.s
Tn \?* *3J< »«Mtr«« fcabatltatlm* and Imtaa.
I / . CT Oo "»« "«T » f 7»« Onttin. or *»& -4c. .a
1 JT fg * ttm P» *T. Partlealar*. Te*t!non!als
Vr» fir •»<»" Relief <WrL*J!eO «;«««¦, br r*.
--\. _ A tmrm Mali. lll.Ollu T"»-tn>eai»'.. JM«M
DR. flALL'S REINVIG0RATORgT353
Five hundred reward for any P-2±J*"il\lZ
case we cannot cure. This secret >£» oMS
remedy stops all losses In 14 H •.'
hour*, cures Emissions. Impo- 99Q E»
tency. Vartcocele, Oonorrhoea. 7^ *7ff
Oleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost KU3 J-iiy
Manhood and a!l wasting effect* jJTjE' 5,!^
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent EaftQEStjri;
sealed. S3 bottle: 3 bottles. $3: guaranteed ta
cure any ease. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 853 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073'-, Market st.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free beck.
Hard work does not htat a well
woman. It is the weak woaan, suf-
fering from diseases peculiar to her
sex, Trho breaks down tinder the daily
strain of household duties. For dis-
ecscs o*' the delicate womanly organs
Hr. I'iorce's Favorite Prescription is
the standard remedy. Over half a
Trillion women owe health and hap-
piness to Dr. Pierce's treatment.
" N'o tcn^uc could rxpress the pain that 1
*r ?<iure<3 Vwiore I commenced taking Dr.
PSereeflB m-dieinc." writes Mrs. Mollie Col-
Katr. of Randolph. Charlotte Co.. Va. "1
tv a.' not fiWe to do anything at alL Could
r. n. cat anything except bread and tea— or if
I <iid the top of mv head hurt so it «eetred
it would tin me; but aovr I can eat a llt-
Oe of ataost atiythinjj I want and can do
o f ood <iays wefk as well as any body can.
Ati Ijctter than I have been for vears. I
thiak your medicine is the best that ever
W Jr.ade for it is the onlj- thirjf that ever
'-•;¦! Tar ccv rood. I tried many other kinds
t'iit rone didine any gocd but your ' Favorite
Hescription ' and 'Golden Medical Dis«»v-
ery.' r can never praise, theza too highly."
¦ C • \ ( I « 1 1 ai U 4 Ira I 1 ! d I 111It was not the season for mountain
traveling and he found plenty of hard
ships, besides ilnding the mountaineers
had a peculiar way of robbing the few
travelers Who made the trip at that sea
son. He was compelled to pay $25 to one
man for supper, lodging and breakfast
and $16 to another man for lodging and a
cup of coffee. Though he finally, managed
to reach the Chilean side of the moun
tains he was too disgusted to want to re
main and too nearly broke to think of
prospecting. He accordingly made his
way to Valparaiso, where he succeeded
through the American Consul in getting
the opportunity^ to work his passage to
America on the Serapis. He expects to
remain ln Southern California for a time,
having telegraphed for and having re
ceived money from home. He declares
that the gold ln the Ande3 can stay there
for all he. cares, as he will not even go
back for that which he left there.
SAN DIEGO, June 30.— The story told
by Charles N. Simpson, who reached San
Diego on the steamer Serapis, is one of
much traveling in a few months and of
peculiar hardship which made him wish
for home and work hla passage to get a
start in that direction. In March last he
left his home ln Wheeling, W. Va., for
South America,' going by way of New
York and Liverpool to Buenos Ayres. That
was twice across the Atlantic, besides
traveling almost the entire length of it.
He had started with the intention of
prospecting in the Andes Mountains,
in Chile, and he rode from Buenos
Ayres to the foot of the mountain,
whence with a single companion he start
ed on foot to cross into Chile. > 1
America.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STJFFEBED MUCH HARDSHIP.
Adventures of a Prospector in South
DECATUR, Ala., June 30.— A landslide
occurred at Hartzell Hill, thirteen miles
below Decatur, on the Louisville and
Xashvllle road. It Is known that three
men, one negro and two whites, were
killed, and it is thought several others
shared the same fate.
Crashed by a Landslide.
PARIS, June SO.— Edward Goering, for
merly employed at 30 Cornhlll street, Bos
ton, Mass., fatally injured himself this
morning in a sensational attempt to com
mit suicide. His queer actions on the
Avenue de la Bourgonne attracted the
attention of C. J. Stilwell of San Fmr..
cisco, to whom he spoke ln an erratic
manner, and, drawing a razor, said he in-
ciscan on a Street of
Paris.
Tragedy Witnessed by a San Fran-
AMERICAN'S HORRIBLE
. ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE
BIG BLAZE AT TACOMA-
Firemen Injured.
Mattress Factory Burned and Two
TACOMA. Wafh.. June SO.— Fire to-day
destroyed th*r warehouse of the Puc^t
Sound Lounge and Mattress Factory, the
buildings of the Union Stock Yards and
damaged Northern Pacific property in the
company's freight yards.
Captain Carlson, a flreman. rat struck
by a falling' timber arid knocked out of a
third story window in the mattress fac
tory plant, breaking an arm and suffering
severe injuries about the hf-ad. Frank
McLean, another fireman, was overcome
with smoke while fighting the sto< k yards
fire and was assisted to a second-story
window, where he dropped to the ground
End escaped serious injury. Several young
pirls wore- employed by tho mattn ?s com
pany in its warr-houFe and w^ro working
on the third stcry when the fire was dis
cov-rt-d on the fourth Moor. Th«-y all nar
rowly escaped. The loss is about J20.00J.
Chinese Arrested.
Special Dispatch to lfce (Jail.
SAN RAFAEL. June SO.— Constable
Ofursc Agnew this afternoon arrested
five Chinamen belonging- to the San Pablo
shrimp camps. In default of bonds the
men were lodged in jail. Thes*- are the
first arrests that have been made in sev
eral months. The crime charg'<-d against
the men Is the old story of catching small
1:sh in the Ehrimn nets.
Peopie of the outside world cannot
Imagine what a climate we have here.
Th«re Is no rammer. Although It 1* day
lieht all the time now, it is just fall and
¦winter. I left St. Michael on February 6
with my three dogs and E10 pounds of
freight. I traveled alone and was thirty
five days in covering 313 miles. I . pros
pected Norton Sound and Golovin Bay dis
tricts on my journey, but found nothing en
couraging. I arrived in Nome on March 9
without mishap. Upon arrival I found the
country staked for miles in every direction.
I received infermatim of a good location
seme miles from here. I went there and
located sis claims. Tome thirty other proe-
I^ctors arrived on the ecene immediately
after me. A miners' meeting was called
I have had some experiences since I saw
you last which I do not care to go through
again. It is now June and we have had
fome of the woret weather this last week
that we have fcad this year. One of its
most prominent characteristics has been a
heavy gale, acempanied by a blinding
snowstorm. The bark Alaska arrived sorre
Jays since from San Francisco and was
blown ashore during the gale. Bhe went
to pieces Immediately and her cargo Is dis
tributed along the beach. Three tugboats
and one Eloojt were also wrecked and tome
lives were lost. The eteamers Bear, Mary
D. Hume. Alexander, Robert Dollar and the
schooner Louisa D were compelled to put to
sea cwlr.g to the severity of the fitorm. The
steamer? Portland and Dora arrived this
evenirjj.
That all Is not gold that glitters and
that the reports which come from the
Cape Nome goldfields are at times highly
colored is evidenced by a letter written
by William L. Phillips under date of
Nome City, June 9, to Judge Frank H.
Dunne of this city.
He says in substance that the country
is, Btaked for miles in every direction;
that some claims pay $2 per day; that the
beach claims paid well for a time, but
nothing like .the returns sent out, and
that they are completely worked out now.
He affirms that they do not average Jl a
day to each man engaged in mining. En
gineers and mechanics are scarce, $500 a
month not being an unusual salary for
skilled labor. The majority of the claim
holders are awaiting the coming of the
tenderfeet, to whom they may sell their
claims for large sums. The writer be-
Jleves the suffering will be intense this
bummer, as typhoid fever and other dis
eases are expected to develop. The let
ter in full reads:
— ?
No One Making Five Dollars a Day,
the Average of All the Men
on the JBeach Being " ¦
Low.
So Writes a Prospector on
the Ground to a
Friend.
GOLD FIELDS OF
CAPE NOME ARE
A GHEAT SNARE
I have heard of people going to California
and telling of their rich claims and the
money they have made here. Some of them
ought to be hanged. I epeak of the coun
try as I have found it, and I have trav
eled over as much of.lt aa the average man
here.
To show you the salaries paid In this part
of the world: I was offered JoM a month
and "found" by the Xorth American Trans
portation and Trading Co. to act as chief
engineer. Engineers and machinists are
scarce. The chief engineer for Lane &
Mackay offered me $15 per day.
The reports which have been sent from
here are exaggerated beyond all belief. '
It is true that some good strikes
have been made here. The beach paid well
for a time, but nothing like what was ex
pected. It is now worked out. A little
beach digging is Rolng on but no one is
making over $3 per day. If the money taken
out was uveraged among the men ut work
it would not be over $1 to each man. Two
or three creeks are good but that is all.
Some men own fifty claims ln different
places, but not 5 per cent of them pay to
work. They are holding them to sell to
the tenderfeet now coming in by thou
sands. The companies are booming the
country ln order to sell their goods at ex
orbitant prices. The suffering here this
summer will be something awful. To make
matters worse, typhoid fever is expected
to break out in another month or so, owing
to the bad sanitary conditions. This is a
breeding eround for fever because of bad
water and manshy eround.
ar.'i a recorder yas elected. It was de
cided that all pbwer of attorney claims
be taxed ?250. that being the amount fixed
by other districts. I prospected for three
weeks on the claims, but the best that any
claim on the creek would pan out waa $2
per day. A man near me was satisfied to
work for this small return In order to earn
sufficient money to take htm out of the
country. I own a half Interest In a claim
on Basin Creek, nbout twenty mllen from
hore. which I have left for my partner to
prospect.
Believes the Powers Erred.
A leading diplomat here, who has had
an extensive experience in China, said
that he condemned the present anti-Chi
nese course pursued by the powers, claim
ing that the naval demonstration with
which the hostilities began was unjusti
fied, as was the marching of troops
toward Peking In time of actual peace.
He considers the subjection of the Chinese
Impossible, and says pacification also 13
impossible. Besides, he adds, to accom
plish anything like lasting military suc
cesses against the Chinese at least 200,000
men will be required; but even then
Europe could not administrate China or
even some of the provinces of China. He
strongly advocates a policy of mutual for
giveness and forgetfulness and the putting
of an effectual stop to missionary efforts
there. He concluded with saying:
"We may leave it to commerce and time
to carry our civilization to China."
A number of papers, including the Tage
blatt, express astonishment at the meager
and Ill-considered reports from Vice Ad
miral Bendeman, saying the other nations
have been better served in this respect.
Kegrets are expressed by the Liberal
newspapers that the Reichstag's summer
adjournment deprives the nation of the
chance of obtaining detailed information
regarding the extent to which Germany
means to participate ln the Chinese ad
venture, which will necessitate the expen
diture of large sums of money. Several
of the leading papers demand that the
Reichstag meet In extra session.
The jingo newspapers advocate Ger
many's acquiring a large army for trans
marine uses. One of these papers, the
Sohiesiche Zeitung, justifies this demand
by the argument that some time a mas
sacre of Germans may occur ln the United
States, "in which case Germany would
be forced to throw large bodies of troops
upon American soil," adding:
"Once the feeling obtains in trans
oceanic countries that Germany Is power
less to throw large bodies of troops be
yond the seas Germany's prestige in
trans-marine ports Is gone."
Germans Dissatisfied.
There is growing dissatisfaction through
out Germany with the attitude of the
Government regarding China, especially
because the Government publishes litttle
otlicial news, and even some of this Is er
roneous. At the Foreign Office evasive
answers were given to inquiries about the
number of troops and ships which may be
dispatched.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press understands that the Emperor and
Count von Bulow, the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, who has just returned from Kiel,
have reached an understanding about
the general lines of Germany's attitude
ln the present crisis, subject to unforeseen
circumstances compelling a deviation. It
is certain, however, that the Emperor
could have all the volunteers for China
he wanted for the army if larger forces
were needed there, for the popular senti
ment against China is quite strong.
"There has been no question hitherto in
Europe of handing the Chinese Ministers
their passports. No one knows where the
foreign Ministers to China are. If they
went to tihang Kwan It was a step taken
by the Chinese Government for their pro
tection and was not their dismissal. The
sending of troops hence to China is use
less, for everything will be over before
their arrival. It will require six weeks to
get them to Tientsin, and Li Hung Chang
will suppress the Boxers in three weeks. 11
The Chinese Minister, however, admits
having received no direct news from the
Chinese Government.
"The old theory of 'no war' is still up
held. The understandings between the
powers are still Intact. No exchange of
notes la going on. Japan some time ago
asked the powers for their programme,
which communication was answered. The
press has been exaggerating the share
which diplomacy hitherto has had in the
matter. There has not been any talk of
dismissing the Chinese Ministers in
Europe."
Lord Gough, the Charge d'Affalrea, said
he thought the powers were keeping up
the fiction of "no war" as long as possible
out of fear of the difficulties that might
arise between themselves in China if war
were once officially admitted. The corre
spondent of the Associated Press inter
viewed the Chinese Minister. Lui Hal
I-louan, who said:
BERLIN. June 30.— A high foreign offi
cial said to-day:
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Tress.
Question of Dismissing Peking's
Representatives in Europe
Has Not Been
Sroached.
There Is No Danger of Com
plications Declares Ber
lin Official
POWERS ARE IN
FULL ACCORD AS
REGARDS CHINA
Thanks partly to the Boxers and partly
to the Boers coal Is going up rapidly.
Japan. Russia and the United States are
all ordering large quantities from Eng
land's stock, which Is aiready depleted by
the Immense demands for the transport
service to the Cape. Coal promises to
reach a record price this winter unless, a3
some merchants think, importations can
be secured from America. Already 10O.00O
tons of American bunker coal have be?n
landed at Glasgow and sold cheaper than
the fuel could be got from Scotland.
The probability of a big rise in wheat,
owing to the shortage of the American
crop, is also worrying the British business
world, for. though supplies are still com
ing in plentifully from Argentina, the In
dian crop is quite insufficient to meet its
normal demands.
Vice Admiral Seymour's unsuccessful
trip inland has brought upon him much
censure. It is maintained that he should
not have left the fleet.
Great Britain seems to have pretty well
settled down to the belief that the Minis
ters at Peking will not come to much harm.
The average observer agrees with Lord
Salisbury's Idea that if they are safe at
present, as there seems every reason to
believe. It is not likely that they will be
harmed in the future.
As a result of the dramatic debate pub
lic opinion seems fairly evenly divided
between two verdicts. First, that the
War Office is guilty of criminal neglect:
second, they reserve all judgment till the
Parliamentary committee reports. Mr.
Burdette-Coutts has suddenly Decome one
of the most prominent men of the hour
and the Government haa still to face thp
agitation which has stirred the country
almost to a greater extent than did the
declaration of war Itself.
Mr. Balfour for once lost his self-con
trol. Flushed and trembling with pas
sion, he denounced the attacks, which he
declared merely amounted to ungenerous
criticisms of Lord Roberts. This, the
Times denied, and in point of fact the
whole of Mr. Burdette-Ooutts' speech was
an attack upon the methods of Lord
Kitchener instead of Lord Roberts,
though this was not openly stated.
The Government was awake to the se
riousness of the crisis, and with surpass
ing oratory Mr. Wyndham took his
critics behind the scenes of the great
campaign, ln graphic language he dis
cussed the great difficulties of the com
munications and exposed for the first
time the daring conception of Lord Rob
erts' plans and the risks he ran. In
short, without tiring his hearers with too
many statistics, the Under Secretary for
War gave such a fascinating panorama,
interjecting facts to prove that the War
Office took all precautions, reiterating
that war must always be fearful, that
his hearers well nigh forgot the sick and
wounded in their admiration in the suc
cess of the great general; but this, the
Times points out to-day, all crumbled
away under the damning details present
ed by Mr. BurdetU-Coutts, who spoke
with the advantage of having seen
whereof he spoke.
He is nothins of an orator and was
obliged to present a mass of detail that
now and again grew tedious. He never
theless held his audience by the strength
and gravity of his statements. His dec
laration that "every statement that I
have made is true" was made with an
earnestness that atoned for all his rhe
torical cieiects. This terrible arraignment
of Great Britain's care of her wounded,
sick and dying 'made on Friday night Is
by far the most notable occasion of the
present session. The speech of the Par
liamentary Secretary of the Foreign Of
lice, George Wyndham, which was pre
ceded by Mr. iJurdette-Coutts and that <>t
the Government leader and Lord of th-s
Treasury. W. J. Balfour, that followed it.
were both efforts that neither man .haa
equaled, this year at any rate.
Mr. BurUette-Coutts has seldom spoken
in Parliament, and never before at such
length or with the whole nation waiting
to hear what he had to say.
LONDON, June CO.— The spectacle of a
man of American birth. William I. Ash
mead Barttett Burdette-Coutts, Con
servative member for "Westminster,
standing .In the House of Com
mons amid a storm of Jeers and
cries and exposing to the world the
horrors and abuses that followed in the
¦wake of British victories proved as dra
matic as it was unprecedented. For over
an hour Coutts, once known as th?
"young husband of the millionaire Baron
ess," but now growing gray with his CO
years, his face bronzed by the sun o£
South Africa and his hands clenched ner
vously behind him, commanded the atten
tion of the hostile majority of the House
and drew a succession of ghastly pictures
that in grews>>meness of detail eclipsed
the horrors of the Crimean war. The task
was terribly difficult.
Copyrighted. 1500. by the Associated Press.
General Belief in England Now Is
That the Ministers at Peking
Will Not Come to Much
Harm.
in South Africa Related
to Parliament.
Grewsome Details of War
BURDETTE-COUTTS
RECITAL AROUSES
GREAT BRITAIN
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 30.— Deputy
Sheriff Harold telegraphed from Bigstone,
Va to-day and announced the arrest of
Robert Noaks, suspected of being impli
cated in the Goebel assassination.
Broke the Record.
SALJXAS, June DO.— The Salinas Fire
Department hose team broke the record
to-night by making a 300-yard run, un
reeling 100 yards of fire hose and getting
water ln forty-seven seconds.
Another Goebel Suspect.
District Judge's Decision Against an
Omaha Concern.
OMAHA, June 30.— Judge Dickinson of
the District Court decides that the Reser
voir Ice Company, known as the Ice trust,
of this city, is in violation of the State
anti-trust law. He declines to dissolve
the corporatlpn, saying that steps can be
taken only after a reply and joining of is
sues. Attorney General Smith says he is
satisfied with the decision, and he calls
attention t" the fact that any person con
nected with the company, now that it is
declared a trust, is liable to fine upon
complaint of any citizen.
Fifty Millions of Francs Added to
Appropriation for Torpedo
Boats Alone.
PARIS. June 30.— The Chamber of Depu
ties to-day made the clause of the naval
bill amended so as to provide for the con
struction of six battleships and five arm
ored cruisers and appropriating 118,000,000
francs for building torpedo boats and sub
marine boats. This is an increase of 50,
000,000 francs above the amount appropri
ated for the latter classes.
ICE TRUST ILLEGAL.
FRENCH CHAMBER VOTES
FOR A GREATER NAVY
Steamship Bremen Sunk by British
Troopship During a
Dense Fog.
LONDON, June 30.— The steamer Oro
tava, which sailed for South Africa on
Thursday with 12V) troops, has returned
to Southampton with the crew of the
German steamer Bremen, with which she
collided off Ushant ln a dense fog on Fri
day morning. The Bremen sank four
minutes after the collision occurred, but
no lives were lost. The Orotava received
some damage about the bow.
TRANSPORT COLLIDES
WITH GERMAN VESSEL
Man Who Murdered Seven Persons on
a Vessel at Sea Will Be
Executed.
STOCKHOLM. June 30.— The trial of
Philip Nordlund, who, on May 13 last, on
the steamer Prinz Carl, on which he was
a passenger, murdered seven men and
wounded live others and a woman and 1
boy, after which he escaped In a boat to
Koping and was captured the following
day at Eskllstavana, fifty-seven miles
west of this city, was commenced to-day
and resulted in the prisoner being convict
ed and sentenced to rleath.
Shortly after his arrest Xordlund con
fessed that he had deliberately planned
the crimes, and that he had stolen StfO
kronen from the captain of the stearm'-r.
He expressed regret that he had not killed
every one on- board the Prlnz Carl, em
phatically denied that be was insane, and
asserted that he had committed the
crimes ln order to "avenge himself on
mankind."
FIEND OF THE PRINZ
CARL DOOMED TO DIE
Sudden Passing of a Former Resident
of San Francisco and Marys
ville.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, liuO, by the Herald
Publishing Company.
PARIS, June 3O.-Mrs. Sarah Van Dycke
Hubbard of San Francisco died suddenly
at 9 o'clock" this morning at Elysee Pal
ace Hotel, where she has been staying
for some months rjast. She was apparent
ly well yesterday, but had an attack in
the course of the night. Mrs. Van Dycke
Hubbard had spent the last three years
In Europe and was at the point of leav
inp for Carlsbad to join her daughter
and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Ryer, of San
Francisco. .
Mrs. Sarah Van Dycke Hubbard was
formerly a well-known resident of this
city and also of Marysvllle, where she
lived some years ago. Her husband was
prominent in business and political cir
cles and was at oiie time a member of the
staff of the Governor. When King Kala
knua announced his intention of visiting
this country the Governor delegated Ilub
bard to conduct the Hawaiian ruler to
WashintTton. Mrs. Ifubhard was attract
ed to a life on the stage and it is sal<J
that her determination to become an act
ress caused a separation from her hus
band. She failed, however, to make a
success and has since been living in re
tirement.
MRS. SARAH VAN DYCKE
HUBBARD DIES IN PARIS
While the surgeons of the ambulance
station, to which he was taken, attempt
ed to administer ether, Gnerinc oauKM
hold of his own throat and inserting his
hand ln the wound tore the Vital por
tions. The physicians say this makes it
Impossible for the sufferer to recover.
Goering had lost money and began
drinking absinthe.
On the arrival of the police Goering
Plashed his throat with the razor, ami.
bleedinp profusely, started to run down
the avenue, followed by the gendarmei.
As he ran Gocrlnjr kept plashins his
throat. After a chase of three blocks the
man was overtaken, weak from the loss
of blood, but fought the gendarmes
fiercely.
tended to take his lif<». Mr. SMlwell
calmed Goering and sent for the police.
THE SAN FRAXC1SCO CAI^, SUNDAY, JULY 1, 1900.
16
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
Tlie h!ch standard of excellence main-
tained l>y these hotels la recognized and
appr^tated by a discriminating; and faa-
tl.-ltous clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when tn San Franc!3co.
Located tn clos<? proximity to wholesale
and shopping: districts, places of amuse-
roent an»J with the further advantage of
ravins street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
PALACE HOTEL
OCOOOCQQ O O O O O O OOOCOOOOOOOCOOOOCX5 O O O O O O OOCOOOOGOCOCOOOOOO O O O O O O OOOCOOOCC
Who Is Broken in Health ? Whose Power Is Wasted ?
|K^S« ' Whose Back Is Weak ? Whose Nerves Are Shattered ?
rCX Who Is Old While Young ?
U^P.'-V- ''t%l^v^^'Tlm<w "¦""¦ ¦"¦ Tou are here offered New Life, Fresh Courage and tho Nerves and Vigor
p**^'* 'If ¦'- {i $ W\l \W^'W/ tjrJut0 ' 1 w hlch belong to strong men.
" Dr - McLaughlin's Electric Belt
I RbHw*! W//t^^i7B?5m(( Is worth its weight in gold to every man whose strength and vitality ar«
WDlV^ft AVMrE&fyMs^S^Z' -• leaving him. It fills the body with nerve force, warms the blood «timii
\T^V///eVi ffltfg9f?f&if<^VSS^S^— ¦ lates the circulation and restores all the mental and physical energy wast»<i
'V^lffUvvf"' 1 '''^' ?''>'<'•<¦' — — - in earlier»yearg. It is Nature's own remedy. It does its great work while von
\v^'!/J!nr^o," "'"-''T,mmmi vm * n im ''»" It saturates the body with a current of elec- *
' Wtf I t4&&ffi¥vK : ™* <¥¦''< ' ' tricity which can be felt yet does not blister or burn .---sS^S^Sj. n«.i>
tl c ////f/i^>v-< ''f&iPTZTPZ^ . as do other Delt* which do not havo my p^rf^f tt-.i rT^gf^^TT^ ~" 4 n ao n
WftiifS'XWM '?£'/'// - repul.itor and special cushion elpctrodep. - KStr^^JjSg&iiAM \J * * ' l
M')ky\ 'Mi- C.'/J MY BELT WILL CURE YOU. Aftor you have BE^^^S^KJ a jr-^,
Wmft* tr? > worn it a few times you will say as others have said:SS-(v^|*^fi2; g f DrF
/'"/'/£¦«?' $& / "I would not part with it for ton times its cost." Bgy SjaE^g^Hw Bx
MiiX-ftM IrfS I want you to call if you can and test my Belt KSXiS'-fx^/r^'J 3 r '>\
U fXfAill "*.?. free. If you can't call, pond for my book, which la Rte^«S*?P^.Vi ti 'lit 2\
I ! £«U5l, 1 worth J100 to any weak man or woman. Sent free. Y$t»8£^J £&**K£g\
2129 Center st., Ix>s Angeles, June 7, 1900. T\Y) M A M^T A TT/P UT TXT RP^^feg-^gXv.^
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: JjK. ]?!, A, iVlCL A UllllLl^ . Bte^Tr=^M4^v >'
Your Electric Belt has done me more good **¦*-*¦• ¦"¦»•> -"» muun w llml1 9 t*&£££EMMla \
in two weeks than all other treatments, 7n9 M n rkc>r Cor Konrrw/ F and Cnr V'WltflliTmdi \
and 1 am well pleased that I got it. < u^ AiarK.ec =>c., oor. i &. r., ana CiiSxWMMyjaB 9 \
a. c. iiinters. Spring ai)d Second, Los Angeles. I^•y-g-wgg^Hifl n
>O0OOOO0O 0 0 0 0 0 O OOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOO O O O O O O COOOCOOCX500000COCO 0 O 0 O O O OOOOOCOCC
J. D. ALLAN, Co:. U and Er*ira:u
Elfgant house of S rooms, bath and base-
ment, hot and cold water throughout. Southern
eipcfure. Seven minutes from station; elevated
Site overlooking the town. Six acres, J in pas-
ture. 2 ln orchard. 1 about house: barn and hen
houses; all fenced. Excellent water supply.
Cost owner $10,000. but compelle-1 tj rrmovs
East, hence will sol! at sacrifice. Investlsate
ar.d make offer. Apply to owner.
For Sale at a Bargain
BELMONT HOME
18 Montfcom;ry St.. S- F.. Cal.
Solo Agents French Colony Vineyard Co.. Inc.
Nothing on case to Indicate contents. Honey
refunded if not tatlsfactory. Twice the pnc«
could buy no better. Reference, any busia*&»
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EP U RAIM & CO.. Distillers' Assents.
Express Charxea Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOIt MEDICIN'AI* OH
family uw. We give you the benefit of th»
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
[^i? PURE WHISKEY -?BB
4 Quart Bottles, $3?5
812-814 Market Street,
Phelan Building.
NOLAN BROS.,
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
If you want good shoes cheap
see our Bargain Counters
WE HAVE MADE A
BIG REDUCTION ON
ALL OUR SHOES
FOR NET CASH.
GOODS CHARGED WILL BE
CHARGED 25 PER CENT EXTRA.
Our Rail Orders are enor-
mous on account of the great
advantages we giva ourcus-
tomers. IF SHOES ARE NOT
AS REPRESENTED RETURN
THEM AT OUR EXPENSE AND
HAVE YOUR MONEY REFUNDED.
WE HAVE ALL SIZES AND ALL
WIDTHS, so we don't have to
mark them over to flLl your
order, thereby saving the eus-
iomer the enormous expanse
of expressing the shoes three
ways to havd them exchanged.
NOTICE
TO COUNTRY BUYERS.
We Will Make a Strong
Effort to Close Them
Ail Out This Week.
Is Still
A-Booming.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
:-O(?OCOOGOC88OO©C«COOOOGO9OOe9OGO6©OO0O®OQ9OO©@©OC0CO0S ! OOO©Oe©O0©©®g
sas-ws ,*? BEGINS TO-MORROW, MONDAY, JULY 2. li^Sf
double ipUced knee*. ; P^g _f '* ©
t'C i^c "cu'aiit v nd ty>?S> We inaugurate to-morrow THE GREAT SALE that is looked forward to. watched Regu i ar value 2.3C ©
"JVt,i« Q and waited for by thr,u*ar.<is of shrewdest economists. In the preparation of this j Oc _ y an i q
B ,,,,, Zf our annual July clearance sale, we have use<i every means at our command to brine to- -.
yther fH'OH VALVES -and QUALITIES a« f.iall make this ?a!< THE MOST I'Hb- — *>
No.MEN'AL ONE ever held in this city. \\> have but one ohject In view-to make a t?
thorough clearance of Epring and furamer poeds. Each and every department will be . Q Embroidery. @
Tries' HmntorfDre r. prestnted by BARGAINS unequaled before. Th- 11*1 of prices here outlined gives la dainty Q
BOlefl aad toe*. the VftVPltV 160 P' eees a » wpcl ' ?)fniit;8S 3^0 P ieces IHfh Dimities In ular value J-c^ iDC Q
U6U«J 35c HUVCIiy Drefs Goods, « inch-: ', pretty colors of pink, blue, iara &
«uaMtv. 2.3C l)rpcc Hnnrlc «= w»d>. chewed Che- ; ,Q I p \ f\Tt\ -lavender and l.lack and *» %
rair UreSS UOOCJS. vfo , 5 'fancy Scotch °S l lalu white, a b colutely q , . ©
mixture* and fancy KateltMe; reg- <~\ tm \ fa*"t odors; regular value ICc yard. Q_C . , @
ular value COc. 70c. Fale Price £3C , • Cale r ' ice Yard w -* w Hamburg Edees and @
rfV r< r ,? fb < >''n Yar<1 GJiahamS 2?0 r>ces American Gin K - Ks wide"; |rea? ©
£S££™ *!£« \H-YVW « '****^ »<* M ™i ¦"!lW l r" l 5>l»»* *ood Q^my in values. Regu- g /v ©
!a.'k f* i*",-r. Li, 2" "y Ul Ktnmir.^. in light pa-tel 6C Yard. n f at •tripes and checks, lar Drlce Me. • | {) Q &
wliitp and »uut-r. m- s I FtaminOS colorings. this »ras-n's ~ "• also solid colors In „ "iard Q
CU C* a-d 7 _ j t-iaillUICS. j ates . styles, also broken pir.k. V>!ue. red and cray; regular frjr "
i'.-'iru'.ar prlot" / If ' ' lnes ?t choir? f Uk and wool mixtures in value 10c yard. Sale rrice Yard v • — W
II H. Fair " v ' homespun effects: rocular value ; Chnu'mt Qhirtinnc F0 nieces real 5
! M 25. Jl 00 yard. Sale price 3z)C : StliriingS £" 'f ec (^ ™>| Torchon Laces. Edg-©
Tard , f% V™~.rl I n '"es a nd Insertions. 2 &
r. 2 -; n .h Fancy E:a.UjT rench „ $££ ££* alI wool 9C YOfd. pPeuT" str.pes J inche wlde . lis . ©
Pkirt Unlne. n neat » I CIIUI J , two nf the ! and best coloring; regular price ft #" centi Xc ©
SSg • — ¦" ™» | Serqes. SSBJSI&jSSf' 5 ' ?4pS^^SVSa 9c ™ * C |
- '¦"*¦ v. rJ -PC j au ~<^y.;^..*,.,a:; 67c , High Novelty ™ y»a;."Yr a; |
' ftfrirU « rlecep S«-lnch all wool niack' nimitieS. Parted French Silk Point de Paris and®
BOk Senre UnT.«r ti V - ltXl ' !i stnVni P«rr«> a tood wearing; IIIIIUra ' Striped Dimities, the Point de Venise Al ©
inches wide suitable Corna oualitv alre-.^y Fpar.cfd . m daintiest and handsomest fabric, for sum- Over Laces, beautiful Q
r"or Jacket and tail. r j c * cl H e# and Vhrunk: refrular 44-C ' mer Jr< *--"** s - ln a " » ne charming effects. Regu- ft Q
made .Hit UaiBK. la I value fee yard. Pa'.e price.... Yard r *~ j colors; regular price 60c and 75c 39C lar ValUe r , JcIC 7L
ail the correct shade*. D| , _ „ . „ . , j Sale rrice Yard~"^ w Yard ©
SSeMe. CrepOM. choioe Mister of-; . , — -q
Tard K < f^ t 'f% rk r%*yc fectit. about a d^ren hand-! . J*
. lUCpUJ-J. £ ,me rt-slans n o , - ft ; PFOCOT IIT.KICHKI) SnEETlNXS Polnt Venise Imlta- ®
¦ hooFe from; regular- price 12 50. rH|— >v I an.l best wearing quality - - 11 K K T S tion R e n a t e sance. O
„,„,,, r-rrVn \>ir price Yard" ANI» 1'ILLOW CASKS at less than Cluny and Duchess All ©
-•L Lin-nc in en'" -fl %*/ * * , , * . • nilll prices: Overs, exquisite styles. X
S^SaSa^ 8 *" 9c 1 52.98 Each. ™gg££g& -£l\ 12eyd 1<icyd 2Oeyd 2acyd "**** Yard 3^ c ®
.-leeves. the latest fashion, ln colors of old , ". ___ __ X
' — "Jr«*. tunjuolse. cerise, cardinal, purple. »*
W^^* RS£ "-MtzMig -S S2-ss ! SHEETS. SHEETS. ip|||ug §
!S-^ 19c S7.50 S^lk Skirts -^i -- M JSSS isC 39c I
i__^__!0Q=r a . h "i^Taft^ -V-oench 72x90 Olc each Each Q
>-J-»»^~J 5 acll. • silk Pettt-! Cases.' Hemmed. '45x3SH 14c each O
ChMdrrn'p Hose Pup- eoatB, made of reliable TafTeta. that have |. Hemstitched, 43x36 Hie each Q
riort'prs w'th h<-«t nat- been selllns at 17 06, MM and <t> a» ' ««,, », f-., , gs
d >*™?- V,::' ! :. M .'." h . : . t0 .."'..^' fl .°" l .¥a rt $3 9> : White B'ankets j«jggg»«g Kff&ffi '£?'¦ I
tsSZ, 7,. i Grass Linen ¦:¦ P~ "— '-- S4 - 85 Pair - SSftK IStZ 2S£ s5,"eL15, 59c |
/ U ' m t n^TFkirts. made with j ly F |!k boun.1. slitrhtlj- soiled from _. M fi - O
i Ppt irOfll'^ s. 4eep accordion plaited {constant handling: regular value * r Jza.»c>3 *g*
I Cl JCVJUi.3. flnlinPO , extra n , j j; r.o. Sale price Pair r 9
Ha'rnins — width and If-npth: regular value MTf i , . T!1-ick Silk Veck Ruff? O
•hV'^c £n?. ' 5r *'"•• P-JTr"* E^ch ; Table :n-lr..h E!o a chM Table Damask. n "^ of a fine lusl ©
I>.,zen inrP^ « dozen I.ad.es' Pre, H Skirt.. \ . J cnolce" Vr^'T^ar'^'o '" V,Tk M^'i^ SS 00 ®
r . nuule of the best cotton covert Linen. value 7r , c Sale price.... 48f worth J M ©
S*^ lr Sk?rtS " « "^^re^r Q8C j" g
maJce «B™™V JL rmloe SI » each. Pale price... Each ; Linen AH linen Half -Bleached Nap- ~ O
¦ Shirt Waists gg sffif-^S Nafikins! B£ %K p $Z%t*8 liSo^r S
&££S. XZJS& 69c. "*£ s a ,e r nce...Do Z ,n $£%£$£$ 5 C I
bine. whit", pir.k r » «t!-i;i"s and flsrures. choice color- KciTK sro dozen soft finish Oermar. value 10c. Each
BBd lavender, S5e Mf i-.cs regular value Jl 25. Sa> riMT 6I " V -" Huck Towels. 1S X 3S. « ofs W;
quality. Yard ~ rv price Each ToWPlS. re P ular va ' ue -* 2 50 Si °
- — ¦ — \\it--L \\l • a , «U»U3. doz. Sale price.. Doz U ' 1 Q
Whit? Wai 'tS T^diec- white Lawn! Ladles' Scalloried Km- O
Ca-«ir.s. all colors, 5 Waists, full fr"nt J -fje F '° rieces T2-inch extra fine broidery and Lace Ef- Jj '
yard ivngth. m* <SQr wttn daatera «f fine quality Grrman Table I^inen. f ec t Handkerchiefs O;
v.— h 16C *lf KJ ~ J *-" p'.aits and embroi- RamaSk. the ' ho| cef=t ratterns. a many pretty styles; Q
pJece Piece «if-ry insertion, laundered collars an.l er>f\ \ *~~ -• ~ ??'' quality unsurpassed g\r\ Regular f /v m
_ cuffs; repi'.ar price $1 Id. Bale QWr i f(T wear; regular price $1 23. Sale HOf) vulue 20c. IlfC
price Each < J -*'L, prif . p Yald v/^-TV t\J\, Q
"— •;,„ 5c, a GREAT CLEAN-UP OF FINE SILKS. Pore ,.,„. B « * |
broidprpd Initial Hand- V
Tooth Brushes, lartre Nln» thouer.r.d yard« of fine Filk». waist and dre?s lengths. left at the closing nf kerchiefs. ?heer qual- ©
size Fr"n^ make, one of the MOST BUCCESSF1JI* SILK SEASONS we c-ver had. have been reduced, to ity. Ueeular . g%
p( ...1 quality. \,e closed out regardless of. tn»ir original cost or value. Here are the details: value 15c each. qAC a
Resular rric«? vj£ JOOO rards Fancy Pllks. comprising this i;oo yards 19-inch T-lack TafTeta. a goo4 Each SJ
'¦ Kach _ p^pon'a Ptylec of fine colorings, all silk, quality, of a s:>!<-ndld finish; reg- _ ,» ¦ *J
TwtMed Foulards, checked and >-> g\ ular price T5c. Sale price T*)f* —— — — — — — £
Skirt Btadln*; brx,sh rj-M Taffeta: re^ar value T5c «nrt J9 C Yard-* j^,,^ Wrap?prs> of ©
:-.-A corduroy, all the -c jam. . aie pne ia^ vard« 'I inch Rlack T^reta extra thp b *" st rercale. trim- ©
|i a llm c ilars: . 1000 jirfi tw Trilled Liberty Satin Fou- g»t >ards -1 inch Bwk Taffeta, extra m^ ,, y wUh |ace Q
Kwlar »rtc* 4C ;ar ' 1p - MWJWte designs and hen - o S^ Value "ale nrlce 77 C pxtra len - th andQ
SUc Yard colorinps; regular value ?1 25. Pa!e / \}C ular xaIue 9 ° c - bale price / / (^ wlf]tri . with deepJT
price Yard '-'^ Yard flounce, «hi 40 "
\TM vards fancv Taffeta Pilks. in all tnls I SCO yards 24-lnch Tilack Satin Duchesse, ularpricv. S2 2S COS* ©
Pearl Buttons, pure ason .« mos , ;t PF i ra ble weaves, n ¦» jail silk, extra heavy, cannot be _^ and $2.00. Each q
white and i*r.ect. all {])< h t kavp bern sp!llrs: f rom K/ r dupll^atf-d; regular price |1 00 yard. / ff A
rri^.' r"^- n 5c J1 U , *• i2 ~' yard - Sa!e rrice. .Yard - W I Pale price Yc^rd * q
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. S "n>rt ! . th in b t"he ft
— ¦ — -^— pretty colorings that jf
C try VPI V"T Bold all sea- /-\ ** *»
No. 9 ii- e Yard . Tard *-'*<» W
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oj DR. WONG WOO,
O i Chinese Tea and Herb Sanl- |
O tariuni. 764-706 Clay st., San bC J
/j ' Francisco. Cal. All diseases cured £?* 9
¦£ j exclusively by Chinese herbs. It. !¦
O Advice free. Hours, 9 to 11 a. • JS«irfC?Jv
O m.. 1 to 3. 7 to 9 p. rn. *"<£><A: T .i«\»*Vl
O! San Franctscc. January 2. 1300. wJf.'B^fflv
I had a very ¦ serious attack of *8'M*l£M'i i
O \ consumptlcn and my feet were ?o swollen that
O ' U was with difficulty I could walk. The doctors
Q In the ho«Dlta!a could not give ma any relief
g\ ¦ for n're weeks. I was persuaded to sto to th«
f\ well-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo. ana
7? . In three months I was completely cured and In
V perfect health, having gained 25 pounda \r\
V welsht. I have much pleasure In recommenU-
y> Ing him to any one suffering Jn any way whax.
•O «ver. JAKOB UAUCH, 13ft Freelon St., city.
GRAND HOTEL
ViivS23s\
I
We own over 11,000 acre 3
right in the center of the Kern
County oil fields.
Get in at the start with the
Occidental Oil Company of
West Virginia. Five new
strikes on land immediately ad-
joining ours within the past
•week. Big returns on Email in-
vestments sure to follow. Only
a few more Bhares of the 30c
Etock left. Don't miss this op-
portunity, for you will surely
regret it if you do.
We own over 11,000 acre3
right in the heart of the Kern
County oil fields.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO,
Boom 364, Parrott Building.at Mount Jefferson is running night and
day. The Croesus is idle because of dis
agreement among- the owners."
The Bridgeport Chronicle-Union reports
some activity in the mines in Mono Coun
ty. Tho Dunderberg, now renamed the
Castle Peak, is owned by A. D. Cullum,
who is at the mine, having come from
London to view It. There are rumors that
the working capacity of the property will
be Increased. The mill at the Arnot Par
Value, mines will soon be running. The
Meadcwv View mine Is working steadily.
The Cnronlcle-Union says: "At this writ-
Ing there is very great promise of mining
activity this summer in the Immediate
surroundings of Bridgeport."
C. W. Schumacher of Denver, Colo., Is
examining a manganese mine near Ukiah.
Forty men are working in the quartz
mine in Kellogg Ravine, Plumas County.
Fifty-live men are working at the Little
Jamleson.
J. G. Blankinhour Hurt.
J. G. Blankinhour, employed in the
American Box Factory, feH from a pile
of boxes yesterday morning and broke
both bones of his left leg. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital. He lives at 408
Seventh street.
An Authoritative Statement.
The well informed physician will always
name Moet & Chandon White Seal when
a patient seeks advice regarding the se
lection of a champagne.— United States
Health Resorts. Washington. D. C •
"Big Flat" and crossing the Little South
Fork near Its mouth, then strikes toward
Rattlesnake and Grizzly gulches, two
'•arly placor camps in Trinity County. In
tho opposite direction it passes through a
hich mountain and emerges on the Coffee
Creek fide. The principal prospects discov
ered are the Las Perlas. Blue Jay, Daisy.
Ooodenough. Little Shasta and True Blue
All but the first and last named are owned
bv William Thompson.
Ground has been broken for the smelt
ers at De Lamar's Bully Hill mines In
Shasta County. , _,
The Orleans Bar hydraulic clairn in SIs
kiyou.County, which recently nnished dig
ging a large ditch from Camp Creek to
fipcrato on the Orleans Bar flat. Is work
ing with a large body of water running
night and day with a seven-inch nozzle
and a 3V.i-foot pressure. ¦ .; ;v~-y '.-"..
The Minnesota Consolidated mine in the
Flat Crock district. Shasta County, on the
line of the Iron Mountain Railroad, be
tween K«?swick and Iron Mountain, has
been bonded by D. McCarthy of Keswick
to \V. B. Day and S. B. Caldwell of San
Francisco for $60.000., This includes the
Minnesota and the Spring Creek mines.
The Calaveras Chronicle says that some
loose bowlders gathered on the side of
Central Hill Channel were recently
crushed and yielded 127 per ton. They had
journeyed some distance before they
reached the place where they were found.
A company is reported to be about to
purchase the old river bed to discover
where the vein in the old Central Hill
goes, if possible.
Stamps are again dropping at the Ka
naka. ™«"« ia Tuolumne County. The mill
Captain George A. Bicknell. who was
relieved from tho command of the United
States gunboat Monocacy in Chinese wa
ter* about the 1st of June, arrived here
on the steamer Nippon Maru and is at
the Occidental with his wife. He has
been on duty on the Yangtse-Klang
River during the past eighteen months
and understands the Boxer troubles and
the present situation.
"This trouble has been brewing for a
long time," said Captain Bicknell last
night, "and It is my. personal opinion
that the Ministers at Peking have them
selves to blame for the perilous position
in they now find themselves. Dnr-
In the past sixteen; months they have
been warned repeatedly what was com
ing . by Europeans and Americans who
have been in the Boxer country. No later
than last April I took the responsibility
of sending my marines to Peking to act
as a guard, but they were refused. '
"As a matter of fact no one can tell just
what has become of the diplomatic corps
at Peking, because of . the- strict censor
ship exercised by the old Empress. Her
agents see every dispatch sent out of Pe
king, and they may read it as they please.
The Americans' and Europeans must rely
en the Chinese for all the Information
CAPTAIN BICKNELL
BLAMES THE MINISTERS
"Just why the Monocacy did not re
turn the fire of the rioters when she was
fired upon I am not prepared to say, but
tho orders from Admiral Kempff must
have been strict. Our best policy is to
settle the trouble as quickly as possible
without permitting the European nations
to pursue their policy for the dismember
ment and partition of China. The parti
tion of China means the loss of the im
mense Chinese trade to us. Despite all
efforts to stop it that .trade has grown
enormously during the past few years.
We will lose It all If the dismemberment
of China, results from this trouble, while
"I believe that the whole trouble will
bo over in a month. It is merely a mob
movement and will die out of itself in
time, but much sooner if we have a suf
ficient force in the field to suppress it.
The Boxers will disappear .as suddenly as
they appeared and no one will be able to
say where they have gone.
they get, and mv experience has been
that a Chinese never tells the truth when
he can avoid it. It is my opinion that we
*herc in San Francisco can write as in
telligently of the fate of the Ministers
to-night as the most experienced corre
spondent In the Held. The censorship
maintained by the Empress is absolute,
and there is no way of getting around it.
The same thing may be said concerning
the reports published about the extent
of the Boxer movement and the number
of Boxers in the field, and in regard to
the attitude of the Empress and her
Government. We cannot know more
about it than the Empress is willing to
tell us.
In Its effort to> recover Judgment ren
dered In Its favor by Judge Bahrs and
against Mattle S. Rlckard for $57,741 the
People's Home Savings Bank filed a suit
yesterday against Its judgment debtor,
her husband, K. C. Rickard, the Union,
Trust Company of San Francisco and tha
First National Bank. Plaintiff alleges that
Mrs. Rlckard. In anticipation of the judg
ment against her. disposed of her property
anJ placed the money in her husband's
hands. Of the sum realized, it Is alleged,
he deposited J25.00<) with the First Na
tional Bank and placed $5O.C0<> in a vault
in keeping of the L'nSrn Trust Company.
Plaintiff now seek3 tr> enjoin the retrans
fer of this money to Rickard until final
judgment In the case has been rendered.
More Franchise Taxes Collected.
Assessor Dod?re collected taxes on the
following franchises yesterday: Hutch
inson Sugar Plantation Company. J1.00O,
000; Kilauea Sugar Plantation Company,
$25,000; Makalau Sugar Plantation Com
pany. $25,000; Union Trust Company. $00.
000. The taxes amounted to about $17,600.
A large amount of taxes will be collected
on the sugar stocks of these corporations,
whose property Is In Hawaii but whoaa
place of business la in this city,
PEOPLES HOME BANK
TRYING TO COLLECT
Miss Lottie Staudacher, formerly with
the firm of Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman
of this city, died very suddenly on June
29 at Hanford of appendicitis. She had
been employed by the above firm for about
nine years and was held In the highest es
teem by all her friends and acquaintances,
who will learn with the deepest regret of
her sudden demise. A flower plucked in
its fullest bloom by the cruel hand of
death.
Death of Miss Lottie Staudacher.
At Grace Kpiscopal Church this evening
there will be a praise service in celebra
tion of the fifth anniversary of the month
ly festival services, which were inaugu
rated July 6. 1S95. The entire cantata of
"The Holy City." by Alfred Gaul, will be
given. The tenor solos will be sung by T.
Elliot and Fred Purdy and the barytone
solo by S. Homer Henley. A notable fea
ture will be the quartet and a double
quartet, "List, the Cherubic Host." Dur
ing the offertory Mr. Holt, the organist
and choirmaster, will play an organ solo,
"Fantasie." in three movements, by Gus
tav Merkel. On Monday evening the choir
will give a concert in Los Gatos under the
direction of the choirmaster, W. H. Holt,
to be followed a few weeks later by a con
cert in Stockton.
Church Choir Anniversary.
if things remain as they are we are
bound to have the bulk or It.
A noted robbfr of ti.at region gathered a
bind of ebout seventy rtipn with the avowed
purpose of attacking our camp. I had fifty
s'liler? of the Viceroy'* army under a cap
tain, and my military mar. came several times
to concert measures for our safety. There at
tentions on the part of the robber attracted
little notice until he came to the camp with
his second In con-.mand and rtared for two
night* in the captain's cabin.
I opened a rcine, built a cor.-*r.trating mill
snd a furnace. The Chinese rar. the mill very
well except that they did not lock after losses
closely enouKh. Their care of th« furnace was
very good, but no one I had WOOM ever learn
l» make up a charge. In the mine thc-y wrre
very inefficient, and to the very end of my
stay it was impossible to make tbea under
stand the difference between ore ar.d waste and
the r.eeeeflty of keeping them apart. This was
Etrang*. because when they mine for them
selves they are most exact about this. The
truth is. the Chinese are "chloriders." Work
on a small scale they understand, but th«y are
crr.fUfed by the swing of large operations, and
2,pir confidence in the foreigner and ignorance
<•{ hit methods leads them to expect him to
transmute the trash they send out for ore Into
irrtal.
It it possible to pile up machinery, railroad
tn<i all f;»her civilized things in China with
preat rapidity, but it will take a long time to
<~har;E«> the irental condition of the people. If a
c"aEifian desired to destroy this America of
•jjn? he couM do it at one etroke by taking
ewav the mental characteristics that rneko the
American workman what he Is and substituting
irr them the mental characteristic* of the Chl-
n i> rr . With all our resources we would be
bankrupt in fix months.
I <1o not fay that Chir.a will not improve and
devplop. and the development of 40O.OCO.OfK> peo
r .> will' mean wealth for some one. but he who
Ftakes hie money on the expectation of trans
forming suddenly a Tt. C. barbarian Intu a
twentieth cmtury civilized man will be dis
appointed. There ere parts of China. Korea
and Siberia that in other hands would becoine
important rnurcee of (told production, but I *io
r.ot belie\e it is possible *° introduce American
nr-thods there and reap the natural pro3t».
According to the Nome Gold Digger of
Jrne C the deposits of the new beach dig
pings at Topkuk, fifty-five miles south of
Nome City, differ from those at Cape
Nome. The gray sand bears the gold; the
ruby eand Is practically barren.
Oscar H. Hershey writes to the Red
ding Free Press, Shasta County, about a
new gold quartz district on the south fork
at Salmon River, between the "big flat"
and Summerville. He says that the min
eral belt is about one mile wide and has a
course from northeast to southwest, cross
ing the south fork of the Salmon River
between three and. four miles west of the
Ovtvide of our main fate vu a row of forges
at wr.,ch th* cheery blacksmiths worked openly
«.:! day ¦,-:,'..: e articles for the market, and
every pound of the metal was stolen from my
war^houfc-s. The calls I took to that mine
would bu.l a village, and the supplies cf all
kinds etoi»r. in the mort open manner were
immense in quantity. I had a Chinese of hiph
rank ar.d a magistrate who were charged
?-tpeciaily witr. the duty of preventing all this.
The high cffl'-ifcl lived near th» gate, where all
these forget w«-r#. and I have known materials
to b« brouf/bt it and paid for and immediately
taken down to tkte oificial's house, passed
through It to the outside world, brought in
through the re&lri gate again and resold to me.
In cn# case 2-W fe»t cf lumber was resold so
often ia this way that ft appeared as 2O.rxx> feet
en onr books. I ha-; n» men, and with very
few exceptions they were as bold a body of
freebooter* a* ever picaOered the helpless.
An amuslr.g account of personal experi
ences in raining in China has been writ
lea by John A. Church for the Engineer-
In* and Mining Journal. Mr. Church
writes that it does not seem credible that
schemes could be seriously presented to
Americans that involve the payment of a
royalty ii mounting to from £5 to SO per
cent ox the gross receipts. It is seldom
That a. mine can be lound that would
Etssd any such tax.
"The royalty, however," writes Mr.
Church, "is but the beginning of expen
sive demands. The pay and support ol of
licJaJs and military men and the money
composition for the thousand hindrances
that can be thrown In the way of a strug
ghr.p industry are matters that can be
calculated in advance, but there ib an
other source of expense which is not. sus
ceptible of calculation. That is the dis
htmesty of all hands— officials and work
men."
Mr. Church discovered by personal ex
perience that the Chinese workmen in
China steals both for gain and because
<~<i a magpie disposition to take anything
I'tlonging to another, whether it is worth
ies or not to himself. He has been an-
Doyed for days by the loss of memoranda,
rr.ade on loose bits of paper, which, being
carefully guarded by the workman for
whose instruction they ¦were made, were
t-tolen by a fellow-workman merely be
cause they were something treasured. The
laborers' kits were occasionally examined
by a iile of soldiers and astonishing dis
coveries were invariably the result. Bits
of paper, a handful of nails, odds and ends
of ail kinde were accumulated by men
who laid themselves liable to 3to blows
with a bamboo or even the loss of their
heads. One part of the mine that Mr.
Church directed in Mongolia was in shales
and occasionally a sheet of native silver,
.V> to l'JO ounces in weight, was discovered.
The mine owners never receiveJ more
than one of the sheets. They had a re
markable habit of discovering themselves
only at eight, when they would be re
moved bodily and divided in secret. The
facts came out when the fragments were
discovered in the workmen's kits. The
one ehect was saved because an Ameri
can miner was present when it came to
light. Here are Fome other statements
interesting to men who are calculating
upon reaping rich rewards from mining
enterprises in China when the present
turmoil subsides that Mr. Cburcb stands
epor.sor for:
• f Their locations, po continued in their own
direction that neb planes will interesect euch
exterior pans of such veins or ledges. And
nothing in this section shall authorize the lo
rator or possessor o* tuch a vein or lode which
•-x'.ecds in its downward course beyond the ver
tical lines ot hie claim to enter upon the sur
face of a claim owned cr possessed by an-
Lipht Thrown Upon the Heal Condi
tions Attending Mining in China.
Development in California
Properties Continues.
The regulation governing the patenting
of mineral lands has recently/- been
charged. The Secretary of the Interior
sends out notice of that fact for the bene
fit of al! who may be concerned. The es
eential amendment is as follows: "The
riphte granted to locators under section
£222, Revised Statutes, are restricted to
such location on veins, lodes or ledges
as nsay be situated en the public domain.
In applications for patents on lode ciairrs.
where the survey cor.JlictB with the sur
vey or location lines of another lode
claim and the ground !n such conflict is
excluded, the applicant not only has no
right to the excluded ground, but he has
r,o right to that portion of any vein or
lode the top or apex of which lies within
such excluded ground, unless his location
was prior to May 10. 1S3Z His right to
the lode claimed terminates where the
lode, in Its onward course or Btrike, inter
sects the exterior boundary of such ex
cluded ground and passes within it." In
other words the statute is interpreted as
it reads, and previous rulings counter to
that view of the case are relegated to the
official waste-basket. Kor general infor
mation the statute Is given. It Is as fol
lows:
Tht lscatons cf all mining locations hereto
fore n.ade. cr which shall hereafter be made,
cm tny mineral vein, lode or ledge situated on
the public domain, their heirs and assigns,
where r.o adverse claims exist oa the tenth
fiay of May, elf htten hundred and seventy-two,
eo lone ** they comply with the laws of the
United States and with Plate, Territorial and
loc&J regulations not in conflict with the laws
of the L'cue4 States governing their posses
sory title, ftzll have the exclusive right of
£o*eessicn and enjoyment of aJl the surface in
cluded within the lines of their locations, and
ol all veins, lodes and ledges throughout their
entire depth, the top or apex of which lies in
side of fuch surface lines extended downward
vertically, although such veins, lodes or ledges
may so far depart from a perpendicular in thrir
course downward as to extend outeide the ver
tical fide lines of euch surface locations. Uut
their right of possession to such outside
I arts of such veins or ledges, shall
h* 1 confined t» such portions thtre
cf *s lie between vertical planes drawn down
v ard as above described, through the end lines
Locator Restricted to the
Limits Described on
the Surface.
NEW REGULATIONS
FOR PATENTING
MINERAL LANDS
f ±iiJii oai> *jc xt j!i.x\ kjxoukj uajuIj, sjUjNDAY, JUJLY 1, 11K)O.
ther.
17
tfc£ Special \MM
rnreworksfm
Department 1 1 j j J^
924 and 926 Marksf¥r$j3
Street,
Under Baldwin Annex,
Opposite Tho Emporium*
Fire Crackers, Torpedoes, Cannons,
Pistols, Rockets, Balloons,
Flower Pots, Volcanoes, Colored
Lights, Assortments in Cases—
Everything to Celebrate Withm
Ladies 9 Bathing Suits.
B!uo Alpaca Bathin? Suit3, white braid
( &fo trimming, they have been higher priced.
"-*¦* but are now marked to close.. ..$2*Q5
f Black or B'ne Aipaca Bathing Baits, wide
Bailor collar, braid trimmed, now
: $3 95
Misses' Flannel Bathing Suits, at.. $2.25
Misses' Alpaca Bathing Suits, now ndooa4
to :. $2.95
Suit and Cloak Dept.— Second Floor.
Perfumes,
Cosmetics, Etc.
Genuine Bouquet Cologne, very refreshing
4-oz bott'e 25o t 8-cz bottle SOo
M =*-- California Violet Watar. trua and hating
C2^' odor-2-oz bottla 2Sc 9 4-oz bottle 5Qo
Strawberry Cold Cream, large screw top jars 23c
Pare Cold Cream, our own brand, jar lOo
Pinauds Beauteviva. whitens the skin, bottle 2oO
Woodland Vio'et T*lcum. very cooling - 200
Eastman's Violet Co!d Cream, fragrant, jir 15o
Dr. Lambert's Cucumber and Witch Hazsl Cream, 6-oz bot..25(?
Dr. Limbert's Skin Soap, best toilet 3oap made, box of three
cakes ..400
Chamoi3 Powder Puff, always ready, with powder 25o
Violet Witch Hazel, perfumed, 8-oz bottle 25O
Girard F1I3, imported extracts, all odors, ounce 5QO
Seven Sutherland Sisters' Hair Grower,
the $1 si{e, special for this week.. 50c
Toilet Articles— Rotunda.
Stationery, Cards, Etc,
Whiting's Satin Wove or Royal *Q fs%
Linen Paper in Octavo or Com- /if||§ 11=
mercial sizs — 9D sheet3 to ths J&*^-
pouni — p?r lb 25s
125 envelopes, square shape, su- ;^^^^yg-^-7>
perfiae stock, for 35c ,Y S^
A good Fountain Pen 10o
Emporium Playing Cards — Fire Enameled Card3,
with photograph of the building on tha back; equal in quality
to any 35c card made— per pack 15o
lj-inch Poker Clips — per Hundred ..»-~25c
Main Floor— Rear.
Sumther Jewelry.
Twisted Pulley Belt Rings, in silver or gold plated, per pair
". -15rs
Good Luck Horseshoe Brooches, ia great demand, everybody
wants one. gold or silver plate 25o
Hair Brooches, enameled or white stone and ruby or tnrquoise
setting.... 25c
Waist Sot — Enameled or stone set, with dumbbell links
25o
Jewelry Department— Rotunda.
Stylish Dependable Footwear
at Popular Prices.
Ladles' Shoes, £/.9£-Blaek Vic'
Kid. new opera toes with kid tips, sewed
C^ \»vl flexible soles, lace style — a neat and
\ O, dres3y shoe for every
\ iir \ day wear, and a real /$$!!!)
k (/i*S* bargain at the price. P^fillltljik
b^* VS^ Ladies* Canvas J&K*^13
%-M— iiJK O x fords, \^J§?
$1.4-7 — White <S^
' canvas new coin
toes, kid tips and trimmings, tamed
sewed soles — a stvlish outing shoe.
Babies' Rod Kid Shoos, 63o— The latest fad; aew
opera toes and tips; _ | ,,-[-j
/,fr****1 turned sewed so!e3; P *A t
tynfe^ I size^ 2 to 5. I jnTy)
xX\/^ rium Iron- "'&JjfiL
// V I AJ' / clad Shoe for %I^S^Z&.
< i B > ¦* Boys — Uppers of />S
veal ca'f, with a neat toe cap; have
double so'e 1 * with quilted bottoms — a shoe for rough wear —
Size? 2* to 6 $1.82 SIxm 11$ to 2 57-69
First Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Fourth of July Ribbons.
All-silk Flag Ribbons, per yard 5c, lOo, 15o
All-silk Tricolor Ribbons, per yard. » So, 7o, 10O
Ribbon Department — Rotunda.
Summer Hosiery,
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black ¦
Maco Cotton Hose, high spliced he«l3, <^«^l
double fole3. per pair 25 J
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black 3- AS. S~
thread Maco Cotton Ho3e, extra high tf///i/\ ty~ \
spliced heels, double soles, fine silk y#(£<BL J^a
finish, extra elastic welt, 3 pairs for wtLX$&Zj&
91. OO; pair 3 So ||rS?^ /
Ladies' Imported Hsrmsdorf Black Q>l\J^ A.
Lislt Thread Hose, fancy ribbed or €^V-"~-^ltN?
lace effect instep, 3 pairs for \
$1.OO; pair 35O IM £ h\M
Children's Ootton Hose— -%\ ///, y/Jty
Extra fine quality, lxl ribbed, fast 'f(/ t '
b'ack, double knee, heel and sole,
sizes 5 to 10, per pair .25<?
Second Aisle— Left of Entrance.
AH Jackets Reefucod*
Grower— the Itf 11111^ SWP Cabinet
*,. - ,«.- ms IP^L <* ~ ' Jn>L m <**> *«TK^ Photographs
$1 stze-ths pi F- %Uie BaiZaaB'. *4 $U50 dozen
week 503. CAL iFORNIA f S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE and upward.
Everything in these departments now deeply
price-cut, nothing spared. Co3t counts for naught
this month on Ladies' and Children's Garments and
Millinery. Goods must be sold. Every article a
bargain. Hars are a few:
All Skirts and Waists Reduced.
Lot 1 — New grass c'oth skirt3, regular'v 75c, clearing nrice
, l; 48O
Lot 2 -N?\v Wash Skirts, all kinds white ami fancias, piqu?3
and gra«s cloth, plain and trimmed, that hive been S1.7i.
$2.00, ?2 25. $2.50 and ?3.00, e'earing price $f S3
Lot 3 — Aborted lot of fine new Aipaca grav and black, and «H-
wool cheviot skirts that have baen regularly $5.00, clearing
price $3*75
Lot 4 — A splendid line of al: kinds of new all-wool skirts In all
the new xo'ors and black, regularly $8 50, $9.50 and ?10,
clearing price $6*73
Lot 5 — A'l oar new Shire Waist3 that have been regularly 5 c
and 60c, clearing price now 3Oc
Lot 6— Our new this ssason'* Shirt Waists thit have been $1 >5
and $1.53, clearing price QSG
Lot 7 — Back and Colored Si'.k Waists, soms few soiled and
mussel and a few slightly faded, but most of them perfect.
regularly from $4.50 to $7 50, clearing price $3*45
Lot 8— Ail our new Silk Waists that have bjen $6.50, $7.50
and $8-50, clearing price now $4--75
Lot 9— All our new Silk Waists that have boen all season $10.00.
$12.50 and $1350, clearing prica now $7*45
AH Wrappers, Etc., Reduced.
Lot 1 — Fancy Cotton Underskirts, mida of near *ilk and wa?h
materials, deep fbunce and ruffla.*, regularly $1.00, clearing
price 1...5OC
Lot 2 — AH of th s season's wrappers, calico and percale, lined
waist?, best make?, that have been regularly $1.25, clearing
price 89 c
Lot 3- Assorted lot of Fiae Satem Uader3kirts, Hn9d, ani a
nunib;r of other sty'.O3 ani kinds, deep flounce, rega'aHy
$1.50 10 $2 50, cearin? price Q80
Lot 4— A'l of thi3 season's Wrappers, calica, lawn and percala,
be3t mak s, that h3va basn regularly $1.50 and $li75. clear-
ing pric^. • $1m1O
Children's Cloaks, Caps and Dressos
reduced*
Wash Dresses, ages 6 to 14, were $1.00, now SOo
Wash Dre?se% ages 6 to 14, were $1.25, now 65g
Wash Dre?s»s, age; 6 to 14, were $1.50. now 7SC
F.ne All-Wool Jackets, red, blue, with capes, were $3.7-^
and S4.00, now ~$2*48
Fancy Colored Shaker?, were 50c. now 25c
White Lawn French Caps, were 50c, now 25c
White Lawn Hats, were 75c aid Sl.OD, now 25c
All Millinery Reduced.
2000 Black Qaills. were 5c, now .C to
1000 LadieV Jumbo Sailors, in whit9 and black, were SOc to
$1.25. now... 39c
500 Ladies' Back Pineapple Sailor3 in biack, ware £1.00 to
$2.00, now SOC
80 boxe3 of Fine Imported Roses, 6 in a bunch, were 75c, now
We
$10 Trimmed Hnts, finely made, now $4*65
$25 Imported Hits, now S11 45
$13.00- Imported Hats, now $7*65
Ladies' Baits.
White Kid, new styles
25c, 50Cj 75c, $1 >£2g^SSPiglfe^i
Gray Suede Beltp, pollev shnpe 'it ~ ~* lSi£ -SZz&£^* r^ £ff
50c and $1.QQ ~9 J£
Black Morocco, patent leath- fu»aA J«
er and tan cMor Belts. 4^
25c and SOc
Satin Ribbon Zi Zj Belt3, fu'l boned, black and all new colors...
$1.25
Dog Collar Belts, black, tan and brown, each. .SOc to $1m5O
Third 'Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Neckwear lor the "Fourth."
You will want something new ani pretty for yoar holiday
outing— read th3se suggestion?:
Wash Net Barbes, lace trimmed 25c—50c
Wash Liwn Stock Bows, all sty'e-' 25C-50O
Ribbon" and L*ce Shirt Waist Bands $1.OO—$1*25
English Si'k Scarfs, rich colorings 5OC
Si k Spring Ties and Band Baws- 25c
Pique Reveres, latest novelty 5Oc
Folded Satin Stock Collars 25c— 5~>O
Wash Point d'Esprit S*>ck Jabots 75 :
Si.k Chiffon Jabots, new styles $1.25— $1.75
Fringed Grepe Scarfs, all colors I $I.OO
Black Libertv Xerk Riches $1.25
Xeckwear In Rotunda. _^_
Groceries and Liquors.
Sutj'zr Cured Hsni — best Eastern, our Emporium brand,
(Monday, lb 12o
Roast Beef or Mutton— Libby, HcNeal & L bbyV,
2 ib. can?, CMondiy 2 )c
Fresh Portland Soda Cracker— I wood box 35o
Fly Paper — "iure Catch," the best of them all, 25 double
sheets in a box. to close out, per box 29c
Sultana Raisins, special clearing sale—
Thompson's extra fancy, sold regularly for 12Jc a lb., now
while supply Ia3ts 60
Whole Wheat Flour— Emporium, 50 lb. sacks, reg-
ular y 90c Monday 75 5
Gudahy's Pyramid Soap Powder -l lb. pack-
aga-s so. d regular.}- for 10c, to c O5e out 5c
Coliee—ovx best Mocha and Java, none better, p»
3 lbs. for $1.OO JjjH
Rico — fancy who'e Japan, an exceptional value, frA
perlb 5c , t| 1
Scotch Whiskey— William Williams, very f/Ii> K^
old, regularly $1.25, Monday, per bottle 99o (Mr 1
Claret— a good well aged table wine, fold regu- '
larly for 40c eallon, -Afondjj'... 25o *39XT*A
Port Ol* Sherry — excellent wine, guaranteed qJL^Jt
pjre, Monday, per gallon 543 >«2£t
Bourbon Whiskey— that will giva per- s&jg^Q
feet satisfaction. Monday, per gallon $2.OO kj|J|{ I; 1
Main Floor— Rear. ,«. . **— -•
Lot 1 — Assorted lot of new tnis season's Eton and Fiy front
Jackets, ail silk lined, regularly $7.50 and $8.50, clearing
price $4LwQ5
Lot. 2 — Assorted lot of very fine new Eton and Fiy Front
Jackets all silk lined, tan," black and all colors, rejubrlv
$10, $12.50 and $13.50, clearing price .' $7.45
Lot 3 — Assorted lot of the finest new silk lined Jacket3, Etons
and other styles, all colors and black, regularly $12.50. $15.
$16.50, $18 and some were $20, clearing price $9*45
Lot 4— Assorted lot of new Golf Capes, nice light weight, ail-
wool ' and double faced, with or without flounce, repularly
$>7.50, $8.50, c earin? price ••• &4-mQ5
Lot 5— A lot of fiae white pique wash Jacket3, have bee* all
prices up to ?2 50, clearing pric9 SOO
All Tailor Dressos Reduced*
Lot 1— Assortment of/ this season's all-wool Eton Dre3aes, and
other styles, some fern' of last season's, regularly $10.00 and
$15.00, clearing price $G*45
Lot 2— A splendid lot of newest dre3?es in all the varieties of
Etons atd other styles, all colors and black, regularly $2 '.00
and £22.50, clearing price $14*05
Lot 3— Assortsd lot of our finest new tailor dresses, all styles
and colors, were regularly 125.00, ?27.50, ani §30.00, clear-
ing price : $1Qm75
Lot 4 — Assorted lot of all-wool Bicycle Suits, assorted color-,
regularly $10 and $12.50, clearing price $Gw75
Al! Ladies' and Children's Woar cut to
clearing gsrsoas*
Everything reduced. Much of our large stock of
Ladies' and Children's Furnishings at less than cost.
Our goods are of best possible make and materials.
Values unequaled.
1C0 dozen Low-neck Corset Covers, felled seams, were 15c, now
5i
100 dozen High-neck Corset Covers, felled seams, were 20c, now
IO 3
100 doz"n High orLow Neck Corset Cavers, trimmed with tor-
chon lace, ware 25c, row 5t» C
50 dozen drawers with cambric ruffl?, ware 25c, now ISO
50 dozen Drawers with cambric ruffla and zig-zag stitching, were
35c, now .r. 25°
50 uozan tucked Gowns, V yoke and hemstitching QUO
25 doz3n Ladha' Embroidery Trimmed Skirt?, were $1.25, now
j 79o
lBdozen' Ladies' Fine D -aware, with two row3 'embroidery in-
sertion and edging, were $1.25, now -. 8*>C
10 dcz^n Laois' Fine Drawers, with deep raffle of fine embroil-
ery, w-re $1.75. now
20 dozen Infants' Muslin Corset Waists, siz3 1, 4, 5, 6 (no 2 or
3), were 15c, now » c
19 dcz3n Infants' Nainsook Long Skirt, hemstitched, ware boc,
cow *O°
men's Furnishings
for the "Fourth,"
r • N Fancy Strlnod Hosiery—^New
¦ -1 f~) arrivals, 2, 3 or 4 colored stripes, <
m&F^ «£>«>•. handsomely blended, the stripes nar-
wf &\ ¦fy^ row or w de, as preferred, made in
A. A. Kp^ G rmany from fina Maco yarn, pt
//&0t&W±W Stylish Summer Neckwear
1 I t^jTV. Jw — By arraneemeni. with several of the
X^^J^ fcest New York SCarI * manufactnrer8 '
M *L/ *^"2pf5i we receive immediately upon their ap-
\.<r /•"^'i5| pearance there, a!l that is latest and
» / »**kj- os.it in Men's Neckwear. A lot of pretty
\^^ U i" W new 6 ty-e3 for the " Fourth " will be
J^l^p shown this week. The new shape
~—~ Tecks, the new lj-inch wide reversible
graduated Four-in-hacd Scarfs, in the latest patterns and
co'.oripgj, each 50o
Derby Rihbed Underwear— Fita as c'o?eiy and
smoothly as your Ekin, made cf a good quality sea island cot-
Ion, an ideal" garment for hot. weather, each SOs
SItk Handkerchiefs—^ White or CDlored, with fancy
borders in subdued patterns for men of qniet taste and
bolder effects for those who wfah them, each.2f5c and SOc
Men'* Bathing Suits— A good 2-pioce suit for
$1m5O f l-piece suits lor 5Og and better quality 2-piece
suits from SimSO to $3-00; boys' 2-piece Bathing
Suits, 75C and $t.Oii ; boys' Swimming Trunks, 2Oc;
men's Swimming Trunks 25c 9 5Oc f 75o
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Cameras and Suppiies.
"Vacation Days are Camera Dayi" — if you want a camera
either at a moderate price to begin with or a better one than
you now have, investigate the merit of the Korona. Good
Pho tography depends upon the lens that you use. Korona
Cameras can be depended upon; price $7.00 to $80.0J. We a'so
carry Kodaks, Pocos, Premo3, Adlakes and Cyclones. '
Standard Dry Plates — are good and cost less than
other brands. Tne prices for the different siza3 are:
?Jx3J 30c 5 x7 50.93
3|x4i 35c 5 x8 $ 1-00
4ix4i... 50c 6Jx8J 5>l-40
4 xb 55c 8 xlU $2.00
Vedele—a, new developer for Dekko or Veloz, 8 oz. bottle
3Oo
Pea Crystal Hypo, pound 5c
Printing Frames, all sizes to 4x5, each ISO
E ectric Rubber Trays, 4x5, each 15c
Eiko-Cum- Hydro Developer, 8 oz; ...30c
Eureka Toning Solutions, 8 oz; 25c
T01id.1l. for plates or fl ms, per tube 25c
Camera Department— Second Floor.
Big Offering for FJJonday.
A very large assortment of high-grade Percales. 86 inche3
wide, light, dark and medium effects; many beautiful designs for
stylish waists and country waar, will be sold Monday only mm ,
at. ••••• *2 G ,
Rotunda. *
Wesiifflgjj Species*
Attrsotivs Olferings for Monday*
2000 Cream White Appliqued
i *jgr _ Pattern Wash Veils in neat
BT^Wa *~ ' S&fgzJ designs; a very good qua!-
'MlV^'M &M&? it?? thi3 season's best
M.\,' .fr fo *r 25c, special -r-_
Lvk i-lfS. WPdi Monday I&C
IB J0 yards of all-silk best
< £j7TftJfc- J qaaiity 18-inch dotted Ctif-
fon Veiling; in b'ack, cream,
magpe. jaekdiw brown and roya\ this season's b.'st fpQf*
51c o'laity, on special sale Monday, per yard &<&+*
Main A'sle.'
Wash Suits, $1.83*
We have left in stock 93 $2.50, $3.00 I7^\
and $4.00 Wash Saits for boys 3 to
10 years of ag<*— every suit is well -<+"Cv
made — the patterns are attractive — /
a!! have hand-lsundered collar?, ant 93 / . yv/ix
lucky mothers will get j^a^V)
p-> them Monday at the £^1 I \y
very low eff Q TV//
\+J rrice each 92*3/ \ j i I
yWA. Second Aisle— f"i II A
/?jf[jj\ Ri&ht of Entrance. \3 LL/ U
(Jin) Cra*h /Q- yl •
\H rf Suits, (
C/ ! \ '4/ Tou wi!i want one for your 'Fourth of July"
n\ i Oatinp. and at Monday's price you could
Tl \ \y well jtfford to hny aeu't even if you never
_^^_ A exp -ctsd to woar IT" again. They are our
_ s f 1 ~\\ handsome, cool, stylish, up-to-date $5.00
"^ J_ j I Crash Suits for men — pure linen crash — all
4^LH sizes, loags, stcuts and regulars -47 suits
g~ left — special for this xttek... «£« #?£»
Second Aisle— Right of Entrance.
—
Ladies' Gloves*
Here are four lines of Gloves
that we can thoroughly recommend, — yd
carefully fitted by exp3rt glove ' /*~/~^\K\. p
Falesmon, sati- faction poaranteel— / "t^-AlWv
2-casp '*Pamo*ia" — one of / ©/^" TTi \ \\\ \M i
the best gloves at the price that jf ¥/ *4\\\\^
we have ever seen, per pair / * \\\\\
$i.oo y
2 claap"Th!stle" — -i handsome v
plove mad? from- selected 3kin>, per pair $f*25
3 clasp "Premiere"— real French kid, the bipsro-e'*
. leader, per pair $1 50
2-clasp "Pm Km"— kid Gloves, positively the best walking
glove made, per pair !^1m5'J
Glove Counter?— Rotunda.
Summer Underwear.
Ladies' heavy fieaced lined cotton Vests and Pants-
Vests high neck, long sleeves, pants ankle length, nicely
trimmed and finished, colors natural and ecru, per g^ar-
raent 25c
Ladies' Combination Suits— Summer weight jer-
sey ribbed cotton, high neck, long or short sleeves anil low-
neck with no s eeves, white or ecru, per suit 50O
Ladies' Vssts- Egyptian cotton, white or ecru, low
neck, no s'eeves, each 15C
Ladies' Vests— Swiss ribbed, lisle thread, low neck, no
sleeves, whice or ecru, each 25c
Children's Vests and Pants and Boys' Drawers -
Fieeoe lined cotton, patent finished seams, natural color, all
size?, per garment 25c
Second Aisle— Left of Entrance.
Satchel Baskets.
xj? 1 * 123^^ Made by th9 in?eniou? Japanese —
3 ast the thin (? to *» k e out into
jWV^jSS^ }JL ¦~ : r^i^ the country over the "Fourth,"
'«Nks£'Cv '""?£% or *° carrv PJ cn ' c Iuncae6 or
A&v£S$5?ir ~" : 'Mr%/ bathing suits in — li^ht ani
.^^^'--- *-~yy <f strong —
10 in. 12 in. 14 in. 16 in. 18 ix
2 2c 3D o 4 Go SOc 65o
Basket Department— Second Floor.
Same Cheap Reading
for Vacation Time.
We have 500 titles of Standard Fiction in 23c paper-covered
book?, some of the best stories ever written in the collection,
for which our price per volum? is tOc*
Klf by mtU postag; ) cent% extra.)
We have 180 title of good summer reading, well bound in
cloth, for which the publisher's price is 35c, our price 18c.
i If by mill postage 7 cents extra.)
Book Department— Main floor. Rear.
Straw Outing Hats.
Boy3* Straw Sailor Hats, rough
braid, in white with either blue
or red fitr!pe3, an exceptionally <^r^£rzsM&§&
good value at the price, each....
The very light weight broad rfz&%£S*^ht2&^^)
brimmed Ojting Hnt, sho^n in "¦^r^-j-^^'^^gvS^
picture, is suitable for men or ¦""*
boys, and untrimmed costs ISOg 20c and 25o
Hat Department — Main Floor.
Notion Department.
ff . Frilled Eastic Side Hose Supporters...
ff~\\H 25a, 35c, 50c
\ )IW y^*^ Satin Bait Hose Supporters, pair
8 ff Mr^** —^*\ 2So t0 $1-25
/ R ffOfr Pins— Shell ambsr and black
j^Sn'f^^iPl horn, per doiea 15o to 50c
Wire Hair Pins, invisible and stout,
J& tl ' <**=»^ box.... So
& ri Empire Combs, shell and ambar, latest
*J styles ..20 o to $5,00
Onandorff Dress Shields, the ones best
Euited for Shirt Waists, pair 25o to 49c
Dr. Diemel's Linen Mesh Dress Shields, pair....25c and SOc
Hwkon Hose Supporters, black ani colon, pair 25 D
Third Aisle— Left of Entrance.
THE EMPORIUM.
1HE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Ill \ I \ 1 1\ &^Mh \ W Everything in these departments now deeply
// / I | \ fe^M L J^\ price-cut, nothing spared. Co3t counts for naught
/ ' / "5 [ W^^M^M^ this month on Ladies' and Children's Garments and
J! /I ll\W^^^' : |^^ Millinery. Goods must be sold. Every article a
// / $> !1\ \k^^ 1? bargain. Hara are a few:
JA K IUL^^^^ iW# 5 * /r * s anef V/a/sfs Reduced.
t"* vfV-AV J^rW-^^^-^" Lot 1 — New grass c"oth skirts regalar'v 75c, clearing nrice
ALV>^^^ l; 48o
•n./-. >^ Lot2-N?w Wash Skirts, all kinds white ami fancias, piqa?3
~^._v^ i and gra«s rloth. plain and trimmed, that hive been SI. 7%Old Sam Jones sized up the situation about right in
saying that in entering upon a contest with the Re
publicans" this year the Bryanites would be "in it'\
just about as much as "a pig pen in a cyclone,"'
It is stated that the allied powers have agreed to
send an army of 80,000 men to conquer China, but as
yet no one appears to have made calculations as to
how many men will be needed to keep it conquered.
After the nominating conventions are over it is to
be hoped the politicians will be wise enough to give
the people a rest before beginning the parades and
the stump speeches. There is no need of a long cam
paign of education this year, as voters have learned
by experience which party means prosperity and
which means- disaster.
Editor Call: The death of Colonel
James Madison McNulty at Santa Bar-'
bara June 23, 1900, seems to deserve more
than passing notice, as he was for nearly
forty years a prominent man In our com
munity. He was born 'in Chemung Coun
ty, New York, September 17, 1S26. Stud
ied medicine and soon after graduation
•removed to San Francisco, where he prac
ticed his profession until the breaking out
of the war in 1S61. He at once tendered
his services, and after passing an ex
amination was commissioned as surgeon
of the First Regiment of California Vol
unteer Infantry August 15, 1S61. He was
ordered to report to General Carleton in
Southern California and with the Cali
fornia column made the famous march
from Drum Barracks (San Pedro, Cal.)
across the deserts of California, Arizona
and New Mexico, one of the most won
derful marches in history, and his report
of this campaign made by order of Gen
eral Carleton and published in the "Re
bellion Records" Is a complete and ex
haustive record of the services of the vol
unteer soldiers of our State who were on
duty with this army. He was promoted
to be major and surgeon, United States
Volunteers, February 19, 1S63, and remain
ed on duty in the Department- of New
Mexico as chief medical officer until Sep
tember. 1S64. -.when he was ordered to the
Army of the Potomac and assigned to
duty as surgeon in chief, First Division
Second Army Corps, and was promoted
to be medical director of the Second
Army Corps, then in front of 'Petersburg.
Va., November 6. 1SS4.
He participated in all the xampaigns
and engagements of the Second Army
Corps from October, 1S64, until he resigned
February 15, 1SC5.
He was brevetted lieutenant colonel for
faithful and meritorious services as medi
cal director, Department of New Mexico,
and colonel for »gallant and distinguished
service as medical director of the Second
Army Corps.
Returning to San Francisco, he re
sumed the practice of his profession and
for nearly twenty years was recognized
as one of the first physicians of this city.
I Borne fifteen: years ago. he was compelled
¦;:¦..¦*" . :; .-' '¦ -¦ .'".:¦-> : . /¦ -; '
DEATH OF COL JAML^ M NcNULTY
NOTES AND CERTIFICATES— A. II..
"Woody. Kern County, Cal. Under the
present monetary system of the United
States gold certificates, silver certificate*
and national bank notes are not legal
tender. Gold certificates are receivable
for all public dues, exchangeable for gola
coin at the treasury or any other moneys
and are redeemable in gold .coin at the
treasury. Silver certificates are receiva
ble for all public dues, exchangeable for
silver dollars . or smaller coins at the
treasury and redeemable in silver dollars.
National bank notes are receivable for nil
dues except duties on imports and inter
est on the public debt: they are exchange
able for silver and minor coins and are
redeemable in "lawful money" at the
treasury or bank of issue.
MOTHER SHIPTON— D.. City. The
words of Mother Shlpton's prophecy can
bo found In Answers to Correspondents in
the issue of The Call December 13. 1S97.
The files of that date can be consults
at the Free Public Library. Mother Ship,
tor lived from 14S6 to 2361, and gainei
local fame in Yorkshire. England, dur
ing the reign of Henry VIII. After her
death collections of her prophecies ap
peared, the most "Important" of Mi-m
being the one announcing that the world
would come to an end in 1SS1. This w.uj
issued in a collection by Charles Hind'ev
of Brighton, England, in 1S62. who claim
ed to have collated the prophecies from
the writings of Mother Shipton. In 1S73
the compiler of the prophecies admitted
that ne had written the end of th« world
prophecy In order to create a sale to- his
l>°«' .
In the Divorce Court.
Judge Bahrs has granted Ida Carson a
divorce from George Carson on the
grourfd of willful neglect. Suits for divorce
have been filed by M. Lorton against
Frank Lorton for cruelty; Sallle L. Hum
?hreys against Alexander Humphreys for
allure to provide, and Mary F Glynn
against James W. Glynn same cause. •
City's Licenss Collections.
The collection in th© license offlce for
FIVE-DOLLAR PIECES— A Reader,
Clt>. No premium is offered for a & gold
piece of 1S37.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Will Address Young Men.
Rev. J. George Gibson will address the
service for young men at the Young
Men's Christian Association building this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. The subject of his
sermon will be, "Father. Forgive Them
for They Know Not What They Do."
Public Improvement Central Club
Adopts Resolutions Complimen
tary to the Ordinance.
The Public Improvement Central Club
yesterday forwarded the following reso
lution to the Board of Supervisors, ap
proving the passage of the ordinance lim
iting fences to ten feet in height:
"Wherea9, the Board of Supervisors has
taken such quick and laudable action in
passing an ordinance relating to the re
moval of high fences and establishing a
law that no fences he allowed higher
than ten feet after July 1. 1901. Now.
therefore, be It
"Resolved. That the thanks of the mu
nicipality in general and this body in par
ticular is due to the honorable board, and
this resolution be spread on the minutes
of this club."
LIMITING OF FENCES
TO TEN FEET APPROVED
Captain N. J. "Watson of Pittsburg,
Kans.. who fought with the Kansas Vol
unteers in the Philippines and who, after
they were mustered out. Joined one of the
new volunteer regiments, arrived on the
Sumner yesterday with his wife and they
are at the Occidental. Captain Watson
lost his right leg below the knee in his
last campaign, during which he was dis
tinguished for his bravery. He Is now go
ing home to recuperate.
Lieutenants Peter Bortch and C. O.
Hastings, Signal Corps, U. S. V., and
Acting Assistant Surgeon H. H. Van
Kirk are at the Langham, en route to
Manila. J-V
R. H. Herron, a wealthy oil man of Los
Angeles, and William Pridham, printer
and bookbinder of the same city, are reg
istered at the Palace.
Colonel Victor D. Duboce. who has been
seriously sick with fever acquired during
his stay In the Philippines, is slowly re
gaining' health.
Dr. D. M. Lindsay and wife of Salt Lake
are at the Palace.
R. E. Hyde, a banker of Visalla, and
his wife are. at the Palace. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
the three months of the fiscal year Just
ended amount to $107,221 73, divided as fol
lows: April, $44.«94; May. $31.235 73: June
$31.2f<6.' Durlnj? the same quarter last year
the collections ag-jrrepatecl J122.S09 75. Chief
Deputy Levy expressed the opinion that
over $"i00,000 in licenses would be collected
during the next fiscal year.
by rheumatism contracted In the army to
remove to Santa Barbara, where he lived
quietly until his death.
\V. R. SMEDBERG.
San Francisco, June SO, 1900.
\ Let us disregard, as does Mr. Spencer, the man
I who. as the poet and the ichthyologist, is born with
j so decided a bent in one direction that no curriculum
J can turn him in any other; he will develop in his
own way. But for all others certain subjects are
surely of primary importance, and to the acquisition
of at least the elements of these the student should b;
required to devote the first two years of his college
course. First in importance must come biology, or
the science of life, which includes, of course, hygiene
and physiology: this is no less necessary for eirls
Most boys who go to college are not "real stu
dents"; they know too little of life, too little of the
comparative values of different kinds of knowledge to
be able to answer Mr. Spencer's famous query, What
knowledge is of most worth? This is a question
which in its early stages should be answered for them
by those who have studied the science of education,
and the editor of the Cosmopolitan is quite right
when he declares that President Jordan's article docs
not answer this question at all. Yet it surely is an
swerable, unless we ire to confess that the world has
learned nothing about education between the time of
Plato and the time of. Jordan. V ;
The common meaning of "advanced studies" in a
modern American university is studies among, which
the student is allowed to choose after he has com
pleted his sophomore year — that is, after he has mas
tered those elementary subjects which are, properly
speaking, not university work at all. If. this is Presi
dent Jordan's meaning for "advanced," we fully
agree with him. for the young man of twenty who has
been two years in college and finds himself unable to
decide upon a specialty should at once retire
from the university If by "advanced" Presi
dent Jordan means all college studies, we cannot
think that he is wise in declaring that a prearranged
course of studies for the first two years is "an affront
to the mind of the real student."
WHfll SHflLU THE COLLEGE TE^CH?
I : N his of Herbert Spencers Essay
oh : Education" (July Cosmopolitan)' President
Jordan points out what progress- has been- made
since the publication, sqme^forty years ago, of; that
epoch-making little book and adds two gener^lizav
tions not without value. The first of these is that the
curriculum Spencer advocates is evidently planned for
the average cultivated man /and overlooks the needs
of the exceptional man— the man, for instance, 'Hvho
is born to minister to the esthetic feelings of others
and to those alone.-' For such a man the road to cul
ture may be found to be almost entirely within the
confines of the old classical curriculum. The second
generalization is thai '"each course of study must bs
individual," and that "any prearranged course of ad
vanced study is an affront to the mind of the real
student." This statement must stand or fall according
to the interpretation you give to the word "ad
vanced." Nowhere in the course of his article does
President Jordan say just what he means by "ad
vanced study."
Thus with chivalry and with religion, no less thair
with patriotism and with valor, he dij his work in
life and served his country with heart and soul as
well as with hand and brain. Of such a man a nation
may be justly proud. C^irtyle has truly said: "God
fearing armies are ever the best of armies." So long
as such men as. Philip are ready to serve the republic
in arms there will be no danger that we shall suffer
defeat or that we shall disgrace our cause by inhuman
ity or by foolish exultation and vain pride in the hour
of victory. Philip merits the immortality that Eng
lish memory has conferjfcd upon Sidney for his chivai
ric thoughtfulness of others on the field of battle, and
among the utterances of great Americans which we
are proudest to recall should be those which at San
tiago gave to the world an illustration of the char
acter of this stainless ?nd noble soul.
A moment later, when all was over and the com
plete victory of the Americans with almost no loss
was made evident, Captain Philip assembled his men
upon the deck and said to them: "I wish to make
public acknowledgment here that I believe in God,
the Father Almighty. I wish you all, officers and
men, to lift your hats and from your hearts offer si
lent thanks to God.".
REAR ADMIRAL PHILIP.
BY the death of Rear Admiral Philip the republic
loses a hero who has added to the honor of the
American navy and given a new example of
noble life to excite : the emulation of aspiring youth.
Philip was one of thbse men who have carried into
\Var tlie sentiments of chivalry: and the devotion of re
ligion. His nature was singularly fine, and history has
tip record of a gentler or braver man in all her annals
Of War. :¦'-,' ¦¦:.¦¦;: •: :¦¦•¦¦-. ¦¦¦:¦¦ ¦','¦"'¦
•Thei character of the man;; was illustrated by his
valor and; seamanship during the battle of Santiago,
and by his words and actions at the close. His ship,
the Texas, was; one of the foremost in the fight, and
he himself was distinguished by his cool courage at
every period of the conflict. Courage and coolness in
moments of danger and responsibility are, however,
not rare in war. The superiority of Philip over the
mass of fighting men was shown when the victory
came. As the Spanish ships lay broken and wrecked
on the shore, and their officers came up to surrender,
Philip turned to his exultant crew with the words:
"Don't cheer, boys; the poor fellows are dying."
That was one of the sublimest utterances ever heard
upon a battlefield, and attests the chivalric humanity
of the brave man who spoke it. •
In his periods of attitude and platitude Colonel
Bryan has been in th^hnbit of conveying his idea of
Republican decadence by inviting his audience to take
the dizzy fall from Lincoln to Mark Hanna. Without
stopping to defend Hanna, for he is very handy at
that himself, it may bs said that his fortune was made
in legitimate business, in adventure upon great en
terprises that employed labor and paid wages. Not a
nickel made in politics can be traced to him, and he
took to politics only after his supremacy in the busi
ness world had been acquired. Mr. Croker is a very
rich man. His millions surely outnumber Hanna's.
He has not for years followed, any legitimate busi
ress, and when he ceased to engage in any open and
honorable occupation he was poor. He had not even
by lucky irrvesmient of a little honestly earned money
laid a foundation of fortune. He quit business and
went intp politics. Every dollar of his vast fortune
has been' acquired in the expert manipulation of the
money of the taxpayers, or by the toll taken out of
vice and virtue impartially by the Tammany machine.
He is not known to have any legitimate investment
1 • t- V 11.
in a business that employs labor and pays wages.
Having been diligent in the business of tithing drunk
enness. , shame and crime, he desired to stand before
kinss srtd not before mean men. So he bought an
estate and a racing: stable in England, where with
horses and hounds he lives like a lord, onlv visitini
this country when it becomes necessary to dictate the
action .of the Democratic party, which is the cat he
has' used' to pull out of the fire his abundant store
Now we wish to irivite the mention of Colonel
Bryan to the fall from JcfTer«on to Dick Croker. It
is so profound and from such a height to such a
depth that the stoutcft paracRute will be in rags be
tween the ftart :,nd finish. Every dollar of Crokcr's
million* has on it the tears of shame, the curses of the
criminal or the sweat of the taxpayer. The Demo
cratic party has been trained to do his lifting as
that nice old gentleman, Mr. Fagin. trained Oliver
We suppose there are moments when Colonel
F.yran rests from his labor of carrying his whole be-
Ic ved Country on his brick and lays the United States
down, as a mother does her baby. If such moment3
there be. will Colonel Bryan, while he keeps the flies
ail the mewlinj? and puking republic, please tell us
what he thinks of the contrast between Thomas Jef
ferson and Dick Croker? We may then judge of the
degeneracy of a party that has declined from the
statesman who founded it to the boss who drives it
as he docs one of his English coach horses.
Since thut landing of the boss of all bosses there
has been nothing in sight but Bryan's nomination.
Before that even the boy orator himself saw a sec
ond nomination only through a glass darkly. Since
then he h;is seen it t'ace to. face, and with his natural
eye.
For the first time, in many a year the party is en
tirely in the hands of Tammany. Croker has reached
a position of national boss to which Tweed and John
KeHy aspired. in vain. In their day the Democracy
was fractious and skittish, and shied from Tammany
control. It had in it the fierce spirit of Tilden, who
ran Tammany out of New York and hunted Tweed
i.r ¦¦-.:¦'. the world and brought him back to prison and
to punishment; But that spirit has faded out, and a
man more offensive than Tweed, albeit a neater
looter and rr.ore artistic lifter of the dividends of po
litical management, is accepted without qualm or
question as the boss.
7" HE Democratic campaign has one man
aging director, one boss. True, there 15
a National Committee, and Senator Jones
is, and is to be, its chairman. But the real
directing intelligence is Richard Croker.
He has dictated Tammany's support of Colonel
Uryan for the nomination, and is the director
general of the party. Nothing is dorre until Mr.
Crofciar is heard from. It was supposed last year that
he would oppose Bryan, and the Saratoga conference
»as called to groom *nd bring out another candidate.
It was timed to meet on Mr. Croker's arrival in New
York, on a visit from his estate in England. The
gi^2 :'- ¦;:; arrived and shouted for Bryan as soon as
:::.- foot touched his American estate, which is the
city of New York and all that therein is. The Sara
toga conference adjourned without day and left no
mark to indicate thai it ever had been at all.
JEFFERSON CROKER.
I have been to see "The
\ and how I like It you
\A would know? I will tell you.
¥ TheplaV Itself— you : know of It?
I Very foolish It is. I think, pretty
certainly; but not a wonderful
American drama of wild love, nor
• • : ; yet heroic ; story of
• ' • : -i Japanese samurai or
_, .'¦ hidd en passion.
—^J^TST/I What is tt? It is
A^C^^ti*^' -topi j s h American
fc£^:B.-r^'y_y ideas masquerading
In not-fitting garb
-¦¦^3^ ilC * °* Japanese scenor
.frvA^ySS?"* ¦ les for nonsensical
J^i^yi-*^*^-' amusement of even-
U Ki&?\* » n &- Yes. It is cer-
Ji^?^~\ talnly amusing.
M.$+4 I lau^h to see the
iXcitir Chinaman. He is as
H 4^**S one from the street.
&§£» And the Marquis
*S$*sf Imari is good come
jWif^v/ dlan as Kawakaml
al»vA i 3 .'with us. But
ilv*V^i™t« those actresses ap
•I \\!<£ iSfiJilSJ^, pearlng in Japanese
k\v^\''V^^''^W' dress are horrible,
VwSv^*!:^"^^* indeed. Their ki-
mono is put on like
c J^*^!^^r tf wrapping paper on
r a rough parcel. It Is
\ Hke unsewed cloth.
¦ y-.-.-'.;-';'-.':-;:::V.Vv:ii>::/ They know not at
— '¦'"¦ '.'- — - all how :to wear It.
Studied and severe
Is every fold of Jap
anese maiden's dress; it speaks of fine
formality, polished beauty. And so.
too, her dressing of the hair. The hair
of these actresses of Geisha has not any
Japanese style or beauty about it; it is I
very poor Imitation. American hairdress- J
Ing Is natural— so natural as a summer j
cloud. It speaks of highest freedom, care- 1
less gracefulness, sweet passion— while
Japanese shows slavish ceremony, pol
ished machine-made beauty and graceful
coldness. The former 13 the plain, demo
cratic country's expression, while the lat
ter Is the romantic kingdom's. I say not
which is better, but Japanese straight,
;. ... ;¦• raven-black hair is
hardly suitable for
-r.. the wildly beautiful
O a/C — S»e— TL_ fashion of lady blue
'^K'^^rC^ e > ed and rose-faced,
*CVWJL3?V-^ but If one play
; geisha girl must
vj«v Iook like geisha girl,
¦ 7y*?J& I think, and make
I v*?-^"^ nalr a11 tne same.
t -Vl^*ri American lady ar
-Mw^r'^ ranges quickly and
'**&/- j roughly her hair
'*S*£> l i~\ I with pins, as for
; Y*»«5>1 roast beef, while
r ; /ySsalflrw Japanese xnusme ties
• //.\?ViA^». strictly and care
/v5«f*K*3l fully Jier hair with
M'TVlifZO string. "How hair
tylSd&f looks" is the first
7[c\t&\ thing and last In
V7"2S s ft^»\ mind of Japanese
/M^j£'vJ musme. These act-
Ny^l? j, ' ; ress^s of geisha
Ci. must think of that.
~\ %e £P' ; j And how they
t '¦ || move! As Japanese
'•^¦•¦"•;-'v*.v.':.: ; ':-'-'--yc>'-!i geisha, trained from
' ' baby girl to move
like music, like
flower in the wind,
like butterfly In air, with sweet looks of
child, of woman, of angel? American says
"nit" when he means very much "no." I
say It! American girl has not learned to
look down; she looks at all the world as a
bright morning, without veil or mystery.
Cast down your eyes sometimes, dear
American lady, as evening shadows over
beautiful scene; it is good that man won-
ders a little what is under the. long eye
lashes. Try it, geisha of the Tlvoll, to
make truer the picture of Japan.
But how I admire American music, and
wonderful, indeed, Is the voice culture ol
Americans! It is the song of spring 1 rain,
sweeping river, the
whispering of moun
1 tain winds, the fine.
/2j, i^^*—-^^ clear, high voice of
Va^^^St^n birds-goodness, how
-. ¦ wonderful: It !a
true, I think, when
_£^^«^~ Am© r 1 c a n geisha
g&jrCz&m. I sings, absurd ~*iair
s&w'jin and dress does not
"s'f**-p : *^t matter; it Is lovely
t c ( * J &f' poem. Jap a n e s %
VfK^V?' singers hardly un-
V\\£>?. derstand what tru9
f^^K i '^M^\ voice is. I hear F"u-
' Sita at Tokio and—
//! \&&(J I and— like a. cat, Mke
//k^^ ( 'I donkeys, like little
¦/ R '¦ S N^te^jl pie3 are tn ey. I
Vv ;; te;Vrw '7^ laugh always to sea
vA^VV^ 4 .\$-w J a P a n e s e singer's
VK^-^'AT painful face. Oh.
i vk^Cs/W' :; how hard he works!
Dig out his song,
2 «P't It from him,
T" Mia/ groan and howl as if
<, . greatly pained — you
"••;"•• •••••.'•:--Vr'.v:''f-'.v:V'. ; -ll sound crazy to
American 'ears. It la
true! O my coun
trymen, come to
America and fight a thousand years to
free the captive song-angel in Japanese
throat-prisons!
The music of "The Geisha" Is far away,
like Nipponese music. The violin seems
sometimes samlsen or koto, yet much
American mu3ic I like better. The "Tea
garden" is good enough picture. I like It
That Is all.
By Yone NoguchI,
After a Study of the Play.
What Americans Really Know
About Bewitching Geishas
Moreover, it is to be borne in mind that most of
the buildings in Chinatown are overcrowded. If that
be stopped a considerable number of the Chinese will
have to move out of that district. Thus an emigra
tion from the quarter will have been begun without
anv resort to extraordinary means to bring it about.
When once begun the drift of the race will be to the
new quarter,; and little by little old Chinatown will
disappear of. itself. ¦' " : :
.; Be,thatvas it itiay, the immediate work imposed
upon the authorities is that of cleaning up Chinatown
ss it stands and the enforcement within its limits of
every ordinance of the city. AVe have now in session
a new Grand Jury. To that body the people have a
right to look for earnest work in the direction of this
reform. The jury should make a comprehensive and
a thorough inspection of Chinatown, and should re
port every violation of the law which may come un
der notice. That- is; the duty! of the time. If the
Grand Jury fail in its work it may be necessary to re
sort to a committee of citizens, but it is hardly likely
the Grand Jury will fail. The violations of law are
too gross and flagrant to be hidden from an honest
inspection, and with popular sentiment aroused as it
is now no member of the jury, however partial he
may be to some of thewealthy property-owners of the
j locality, would venture upon whitewashing a violation
of the: law when making a report upon the situation.
The Chinatown nuisance is made up of a host of
violations of law. If the owners of property in the
district be compelled to have their buildings put in
proper repair, supplied with adequate plumbing, sewer
connections and fire escapes/kept clean and well ven
tilated, and free from overcrowding either above
ground or below ground, much of the Chinatown
nuisance Will be abated. It is fairly certain that many
of the old rookeries; in Chinatown would not be
profitable to their wealthy owners if the city ordi
nances were enforced in that district as in other lo
calities^ and consequently the enforcement of the law
would compel' the owners of such buildings either to
tear them down and erect better structures, or else
make extensive repairs upon them\^
I ; ULL justification is to be found in Chinatown
I . ; for the project of those who favor the removal
- ¦ of; the Chinese from that locality, and should it
ever become necessary to enter upon the achieve
ment of the project there will not be lacking popu
lar support to sustain it. At present, however, it is
not needed. There is: a simpler remedy which if thor
oughly tried may prove sufficient to eliminate : the
evils of which the public complain. That remedy
it is in the power of the municipal authorities to ap
ply. It is nothing more than the enforcement of the
health ordinances of the city.
TriE ChilNeqTOWN NUISANCE
SUN DAY JULY i, 1900
JOHN D. bPRcCKELS, Proprietor.
Address A'l Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. • 1 ' 0 "* P T C **-^
TOBLJciTIOsT^OKFICE. .IHnrket «"«* Tlitrd. S. F.
I «-!<-|.!x>ii«- I'rcn "III.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevcn-on St.
JWepfcone I'rm 202.
Prllvrrrd t»T Carrier*. 18 CmM Pr-r Weefc.
Mnelc Oopl*«. 5 Crnt».
TernjK b> Mall. Including VoMbcpi
PAII.T CALX, oncludine Sunday), c.r.e year W«
DA.IL.T CALX. <lcclu<Jlne Funrtay). « months ».w
I'All/V t'Al.I.. "includdfr f=u:day>. % month* l.»"
DAILY OALU-By SlriRl* Month e*c
RtTNDAT TALI. One Tear }•*»
WEEKLY i'Aa One Year *- w
All |io«tiu««irr» «•«-«• ¦olhorUfd to recede
¦ abKrrlptloni.
Female ccplw will be irrwarded when requested.
OAKLAM) OFFICE 111S Broadway
C GEC^Gi; KROGNESS.
Manager Fore'^n Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
<l>3Ck Vifimnc* Telephone "Central 26».">
NTTW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
• KEW YORK KEPRESENTATm::
STLPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CTIICAOO NEWS STANDS:
Fherinsn Houm: P. O. Nfw. Co.; Oreat Northern Hotel;
rr-rrocEt licure; Auditorium Hotel.
KtTW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Walrforf-Artrrla Hoxtl: A- Brentano. « Union 8<juar«:
Murray lll'A Hotel.
WASHINGTON iD. C) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTCN t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BKAXCH OFFICKS— f^T Mcr.tsomerj, ccrner of Clay, open
until S 30 o"clc<rk. SCO Hays, open until »:S0 o'clook. S33
McAllister. op«n until S:SO c'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
i:S0 o' clock. 1541 MlfHon. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
ccrner Sixteemt, cpen until S o^clock. 10H Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, .pea until » o'clock. NW cor
nrr Tm-enty-erccnd and Kfr.iuky, open until t o'clock.
than for boys. To this should be added the elements
of physics and of chemistry, for the man who knows
nothing of the transferences and the composition of
forces knows not what kind of a God's universe he
lives in; he will never realize, as it should be real
ized, the inevitableness of cause and effect, and he will
be in perpetual danger of mistaking for truth the
poetic fictions of half-thinkers. Enough mathematics
to develop in him the idea of necessary relation the
.boy must also be given, together with training in
French or German and in his own language, literature
and history.
: A boy who faithfully follows — or can be made to
follow— such a course of study for two years knows
where he stands in the intellectual world; he is then
fit to choose his advanced study or specialty; he is
hardly fit before. If he finds the curriculum as here
sketched hard or distasteful, that simply means that
he has not i braiins enough to take a higher education,
and that he had better desist from the attempt to get
one. .¦¦ : ; .'¦ .¦¦. ; ':¦¦ '¦. . ¦''.¦'¦ •>¦••.•.¦¦ ¦ ; • : ; .-' ; . . •.
The donors of the ' wines- given to them for hos
pitable use are doubly despoiled, since their pro
ducts are injuriously discredited and the money is
taken from .their pockets t6 buy foreign Ayines- tp
grace an official banquet and supply guzzle for official
throats.. '¦'- ' ¦"- ¦ • '¦!'. ' ¦¦' .;.'. -• - '
We regard the action of the commission as inflict
ing a deeper injury; than the exclusion of bur wines
f;om competition, since it is their official indorsement
of a most prejudiced end harmful judgment.
When one thinks of it, there is a feeling of wonder
that the Commissioners do not .snub the Fourth of
July, instead of celebrating it, .It is quite an Ameri
can institution, and should take its chances with the
American products which have been ruled out by the
officers sent there to see that they have a fair chance
in the world's competition and under the world's eye.
We do : not ¦ wish to be understood as attaching
blame to Mr. de Young. He was the guest of the
California Commission, and of course had to eat hay
and drink stump water if the Commissioners set it be
fore him. v . \< ¦¦*
How can the State expect any different treatment
from what it is getting at the exposition, when its offi
cial representatives snub its own products and piitits
wines on the swill list, instead of giving them place ; on
the bill of fare at their official functions? : ¦. ;.
Of course our taxpayers and wine-growers will feel
like leapfrogging each other to pay for a Fourth of
July spread in which California wines will be discred
ited by this remarkable commission. ¦¦¦'¦ . :,
Indeed, the commission seems to have officially ac
quiesced in the condemnation of our wines. It was
furnished with a complete variety of wine in large
quantities, to be used in private and official hospital
ity. The only official function of which we have no
tice, in which our commission has been the host, was
an elaborate banquet given to Commissioner M. H.
dc Young. A copy of the highly illuminated menu
has been received. The affair was at the Hotel Ritz,
on June 6. The menu was gotten up as a souvenir,
and the banquet was at the expense, of this State, paid
for out of the $130,000 appropriated for the use of this
commission. In the menu is the list of wines used at
the feast and paid for by the taxpayers^ of this St^te,
and there is not a single California wine in the lot!
Our wines have heretofore been shown in interna
tional expositions and have had award? certifying
their high merits. They are now better ilian ever.
The industry is older. The vintage is better under
stood. The industry has now embarked in it the capi
tal necessary to carry our wines to proper bottling
age, and they reach the market in better form than
ever. But, by submission to intrigue, or inattention
to duty, they have been excluded from competition,
and are put of the lunning entirely. The pretext
upon which this has been done is that they bear
French names. Therefore our apricots and prunes
should be ruled out because they go under the same
name as apricots and prunes produced elsewhere. It
might have occurred to some one in our sumptuous
outfit of Commissioners that they bear French names
btcause our vineyards have been planted from French
stock, which has retained the names borne in France.
The presence of a wine expert like Charles Wctmore
or Captain Niebaum or Mr. Rossi would have been
felt beneficially by this State. But none such was
present. It is noted by returned visitors to Paris that
in many other respects we have got the worst of it
in the management of our affairs by the commission.
We will celebrate the Fourth of July at home and the
commission can do the star-spangled act in Paris, if
some one does not forbid its use of "Old Glory," be
cause its stars and stripes are the same color as the
French tricolor, in which event we suppose it will
submit as it has to every other encroachment offered.
We decline to contribute to this festive occasion in
the French capital. California has not fared so well
at the hands of the State and Federal Commission as
to induce a festive feeling at such long range.
THE California Commission to the Paris Expo
sition calls upon the newspapers to contribute
money toward a Fourth of July celebration in
Paris, under its auspices. ' •
THE FOURTH IN P0RIS.
Miss Hobbs' Power of Ratiocination
Michael and His Lost Angel.
By L. Du Pont Syle.
--* N the third act of Jerome's play. "Miss Hobbs the hero
W reads the heroine a lecture on • the : "Whole Duty of
H Woman" that might have been drawn from the Data .01
1 Ethics" of Herbert Spencer, and that certainly would ha\e
I saturated with delight the soul of that sympathetic old
¦• bachelor. Without reservation woman is told that net
highest duty is to be found In the rearing of children, ana
It is taken for granted that in the exercise of this ao-ca»ea
highest duty she will find also her highest pleasure. This last
supposition, bo It noted, is one that commands a wider assent
from men than from women. In this: age good and intelligent
women abound to whom the rearing of children does not appeal
as the whole duty of woman and to whom the prospect thereof
afforflsT little or no pleasure. Such women commonly remain
unmarried, and who shall say for them that they have not
chosen the better part? Although they could not express it as
well as did Karon Verulam. they probably give at least a half
hearted assent to the cruel half-truth In which that worthy
has declared that "wives are young ntfen's mistresses, compan
ions for middle age and old men's nurses." If Miss Hobbs had
known enough to quote this understanding^ in reply to Mr.
Kingsearl's exhortations to cease her "chatter about art" I
think that young man. judged by the evident limitation of his
own ideas, would have been at a loss for a reply. But Miss
Hobbs had clearly never thought seriously upon the woman
question, for her deepest convictions are shaken by the rude
breath ascending from an uncookable mutton chop and the
shattering of her faith in coffee as a powder drives her for sup
port to the manly breast of the hero, who revealed to her that
coffee is a berry.
This is pretty fair farce, Mr. Jerome, but pray don t call it
comedy.
• • • • • • ? •• ?
Much of the Ibsen drama is a protest against the Spencer-
Jerome statement of the "Whole Duty of Woman." Ibsen is
never weary of proclaiming and Bernard Shaw of echoing that
a woman has a duty to herself as well as to her husband and
her children. This truth has been so little recognized hereto
fore that perhaps the overemphasis of these zealots is neces
sary to make men realize that when they make women what
Bacon describes them they make them slaves, and that where
slavery is there can be no true love.
• ' ' • ". •' • } •¦•¦•:• : • ' ' * ' * ¦ "¦ *.:':. ',i'-
Mr. Lionel Strachey (Frank Leslie's for July) quotes the fol
lowing description by an eyewitness of the first night of Ros
tand's "L'Aiglon." "Victorien Sardou, after the third act. threw
himself Into the arms of Rostand and kissed him. Coque'.In ran
up to Sarah's loge aridembraced her. M. Casimir-Perier. ex-Presl
dent of the French republic, accentuated his congratulations by
nreselne his IIds to Sarahs hand, ao am iusu me ><;n..»«
Generaf SauJer ." Then follow the names of seven other dis
tinguished gentlemen who kissed Mme. Bernhardt. „„.,_
To us cold-blooded Saxons the actors in such a scene app«ar
ridiculous, and we think with inward satisfaction of how dif
ferently we would have behaved on such an occasion. But
in luch inatters nothing i3 really absolute, everything is com
parative: manners, customs and beliefs to us commendable and
sometimes even sacred, to others appear as ridiculous as do
hdrs to us. For instance, more than three thousam 1 years ago
experience had taught the Aryan races and a portion of the
Semitic that murder, adultery and false witness are crimes of
the first magnitude, which should be punished with the severest
penalties of the law; yet not many years aco a divined
Arabian chUf tain (living not far from Mount Sinai •) assured
Mr Palgrave (Spencer. "Study of Sociology." chapter XII)
Sat in his opinion God is merciful and forgiving toward those
crimes which he (the chieftain) regarded as "merely Utth.
sinT" He then added with the utmost seriousness that there
v ere only two really {Treat sins-polytheism and-smoklng! If
Abd-el-Karecm be right, how many of the human race la
course of justice shall see salvation? Respectfully referred to
Bishop Cranston.
One of the worst features of our long-run system la that a
play which is to fit into that system must make a hit within the
nrst week or be quickly shelved. This is not a fair test of the
quality of a play, for half a dozen circumstances beyond the
author's control may cause a play worth many representations
to produce a poor effect on the first night. Many a good play
has been fost to the stage either through the actors' Incapacity
to grasp the author's character conceptions or to express those
conceptions when grasped. Many a good play has .ailed
through being produced at the wrong time or at an unsuitable
theater or before an audience incapable of appreciating what
* a some such misfortune or combination of misfortunes must
have befallen Henry Arthur Jones' play. "Michael and His
Lost Angel." one of the most touching and poetical tragedies
of modern times. This play was produced at the Lyceum The
ater. London, some three or four years ago and rail only ten
nights. No satisfactory explanation of its sudden withdrawal
has ever come to my notice, and Mr. Jones' hope that he may
again introduce it to the English public under happier auspices
has never so far as I can discover been realized.
Here is a chance for Mr. Miller. The part of Michael
Faversham is a better part than that of Sydney Carton good
as that is. and the part of Audrie Lesden offers to an emotional
actress however talented a psychological study that will tax
her powers to the utmost.
TttJi SAJf FKAIs-ClSCO CALL, SUJNl^r, JTUXY 1, 1900.
18
At 5 P. M.,
inclusive
Market and Post Street*.
" June 30th to September ist
Will Cose Their Store
3 P. M. on Saturdays
and other business days
Shreve & Company
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend's.*
California— "A Day and Night."
Tlvo'a— "The Getsha."
Alcazar— "Sai ho."
Oriheum— Vaudeville.
Grand oj«Ta-;>oU6e— "OiiUren of the Ghetto." MonJar.
Jnl>- fc
Columbia —"Tire of Knowledge."' to-morrow night.
OlympU. corner Maron and E.iiy ..Heels-Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudi-ville every afternoon and
*ver.!ng.
Kibctier'F— "The Huruenots."
Vnlcn Ours:r.f4 Tark— Coursing to-day.
KecreaV.on rark— liapeh^li.
Futr • Hathg— Oix-n nlrhts.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
liROf^H ¦**"• •uce.AfuI at Norn* lut
rVriVlOU »«r. All ether* failed. la op-r».
Uoa daily, t eteTtusa it., & J>.
A woman just arrived from Australia
was recently negotiating with an agent
In London for a house in one of the
newer districts of Kensington. She asked
if it was a nice neighborhood. "It is thor-
oughly desirable, madam." replied the
house agent. "They are without exception
soup and fish families."Accused of Smuggling Silk.
M. Ceado, Japanese quartermaster on
the Nippon Maru, was arrested last night
by the United States customs Inspectors
for having: smuggled silk In his possession.
Ceado is confined in the Broadway Jail.
Brooklyn Hotel Attached.
A writ of attachment was served on the
Brooklyn Hotel . Company yesterday by
Deputy Sheriff Waibel, to satisfy a bal
ance on a chattel mortgage for $375S, held
by John H. Wise. The mortgage was re
cently foreclosed and sold to .Wise, the
mortgagee, for $500 on an order of court.
A deficit of $3755 remained and the execu
tion was taken out. Charles Montgomery
is president of the company and his son,
Charles A. Montgomery, claims that the
furniture belongs to him.
May Have Killed Himself.
George Jones, a carpenter, 63 years of
age, was reported at the Morgue as miss
ing last evening. Jones resided at the Ne
vada House and when last seen on Juno
19 was employed by constructors on the
Sixth-street bridgre. Just previous to his
disappearance he injured his left hand
and was obliged to quit work. The fact
that the fingers on his other hand had
been taken off in an accident some tlmo
ago has caused his fi lends to fear that
he may have committed suicide through
despondency.
In Favor of Physical Culture.
Superintendent of Schools Webster has
received information that the German res
idents of this city will hold a mass meet-
Ing in the Turn Verein Hall on some even
ing- of next week to protest against the
action of the Board of Education in dis
missing Professors Barth, Miehling and
Stahl from their positions as physical in
structors. The Germans are stanch be
lievers in physical development and a pe
tition will be drafted and signed request
ing the board to restore this branch to Its
former basis.
A New Departure in Wrenches.
There Is now on exhibition In the show
windows of the Palace Hardware Com
pany, Grand Hotel block, a nickel-plated
set of Atlas pipe wrenches Intended for
the Paris Exposition. These wrenchea
S resent excellent features not possessed
y any other wrench on the market. The
Atlas combines the good qualities of chain
pipe wrench and screw wrench and is ca
pable of almost instantaneous adjustment
to any size olpe required. The adjustment
is effective and positive, cannot slip, crush
or lock on tho pipe. There are no threads
to slip, nuts to jam or screwjacks to
break. With great superiority of strength
and durability, it is one of the simplest
and most efficient articles to be had. The
wrench is made in four sizes, capable of
adjustment from one-eighth of an inch to
4>4 inches. It is supplied to the trade by
the Atlas Pipe Wrench Co., 51 Flood build
ing.
Lecturer Will Discuss "The Novel"
for the Benefit of Franceses.
Training School.
Henry Austin Adams will lecture on
"The Novel" at Metropolitan Temple
to-morrow night for the benefit of the
Francesca Training School. The school is
connected with the Francesca Relief So
ciety. The training school was founded
two years ago as a branch of the relief
society by the effort* of Rev. A- Varsi of
St. Ignatius.
The following ladles are Interested In the
charitable work:
Mrs. Andrew Welch. Miss M. Melllss.
Mrs. M. Slevln, Mrs. Eugene Lent, Mrs.
Willis Polk, Miss Julia Peyton. Miss S.
Burnett. Miss Bailey, Miss Knox. Mrs.
Harrison Smith. Mrs. Douglas, Miss Fin
ley, Miss A. Butler. Miss Salazar, Miss
McKlnnon, Miss Hyde and Miss Harriet
M. Skldmore.
Tickets for Mr. Adams' lecture may be
had of the following: Monitor office; St.
Ig-natius Church, 214 Hayes street: St.
Mary's (Paulist) parochial residence; Mrs.
Coghlan, 919 Market street; Gallagher
Bros., IS McAllister street, and Keefe'a
piano store. 1019 Van Ness avenue. Tickets
25 cents, reserved seat tickets 60 cents
extra, can be obtained only at the Monitor
office, room S7, Flood building.
HENRY AUSTIN ADAMS
TO SPEAK FOR CHARITY
There Is no let up to the spirit of benev
olence of the people of San Francisco.
Subscriptions still pour In for the Sweeney
fund, and the widow of John E. Sweeney
is assured of at least -enough to keep the
wolf from the door until such time as her
children are able to take the place of their
gallant father and afford that care to
their mother which she deserves.
The Board of Underwriters of the Pa
citlo yesterday made the handsome con
tribution of $1000 to the fund. The com
plete list of subscriptions received by Fire
Chief Sullivan during the day Is as fol
lows: ».£. ¦-¦
M. L, Conn, $10; Judge W. P. Lawlor, J5;
George M. Aschell, $5; Morton Dray Ing and
Warehouse Company, $10; Board of Underwrit
ers of the Pacific, $1000; Engine Company 19
and Truck 3. $20; employes White Star Laun
dry, $10; Mr. Curt in. $1; a lady, $1; employes
department of electricity. $50; Mrs. Goetjen, $4;
John Ryan, $5. -West End Club as follows: J.
B. McNamara. $2 60; James H. O'Brien, $1; H.
Vernon, Jl; Thomas Calahan, $2 60; Spec Smith.
$1 50; John A. Ryan, »l SO; Frank Thompson,
$1; Jack Manning:, $1; John Grady, $1; James
Carroll, $1 60; Sam J. Kingston, $1; John
White, Jl; W. Cummins, Jl; Archie Campbell,
$1; A. J. Healy. $1; A. A. Frledlander, $1: J.
Cosgrave, »1; Harry I. Mulcreavy, $1; John W.
Koch, Jl; James Barry, *1 60— total, J25. Admir
er of a brave man, $5; Baldwin Jewelry Com
pany, $10; previously acknowledged, $4042 40;
total outside of benefit, $5213 40; benefit esti
mate, $7000; grand total, $12,213 40.
The handsome souvenir programme
which was distributed to those who at
tended the benefit performance was se
cured through the untiring efforts of Man
ager W. H. Leahy and Arthur Lotto, the
press representative of ther Tivoli Opera
house.
The elegant half-tone design was donat
ed by the San Francisco Call and the pro
gramme was printed by the Town Talk
Publishing Company, of which "Jack"
Bonnet Is a member.
Not a single person In the vast audience
entered the theater without receiving a
programme.
One hundred dollars' worth of the finest
lithographic cardboard was donated for
the programme by Bonestell & Co., A.
Zellerbach & Sons and the H. S. Crocker
Company.
The work of distributing the pro
grammes was under the direction of Press
Representative Lotto of the Tivoli.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
placed twenty-eight of his men under *the
orders of Mr. Lotto, to act not only as
distributors of the programmes, but also
as a fire guard in case of unforeseen acci
dent.
Widow and Children Will Not Have
to Worry About How to Keep
the Wolf From the
Door.
SWEENEY FUND
GROWS LARGER
DAY BY DAY
Board of Underwriters of the
Pacific Send Check for
Big Amount.
Burglars made a bold attempt to steal
the hoarded treasure of S. Cohen, an aged
tailor, at GOIVs "Washington street, on Fri
day night. They were interrupted in their
operations by a special policeman and. beat
a hasty retreat Just as they had almost
got their hands on several thousand dol
lars. A report of the matter was made to
the California-street station, and the po
lice believe they have a clew to the per
petrators of the job.
Cohen conducts his shop In a dingy little
room near Montgomery street, and few
people euessed that he kept any money
in the place. But he did. His savings of
years, amounting to a sum in the thou
sands, had been spread out on the bottom
of an old trunk. A few of his friends
knew of the existence of 'the money and
often advised the old man to either secure
an iron safe or to transfer it to a secure
place,* but the latter refused to listen to
their warnings and continued to trust to
the novelty of his hiding place to protect
him from thieves.
On Friday night two burglars pried off
the lock on the door of the establishment
shortly before midnight. They entered
and Immediately applied their jimmies to
the fastenings of the old trunk. These
yielded freely, but before the money was
reached Special Officer Cochran came in
sight and the two men abandoned their
Job and fled. The police Immediately en
tered the place and came to the conclusion
that the would-be thieves were well ac
quainted with the premises. Cohen has
now transferred his wealth to a stronger
box. ¦;
Crooks Had Entered Shop and Were
Working on Job When Passing
Policeman Frightened
Them Away.
S. Cohen, a Tailor, Had His
Treasure in the Bottom
of a Trunk.
HOARDED GOLD
SOUGHT FOR BY
BOLD BURGLARS
May Accept Hall of Justice.
The City Attorney informed the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that he sees no
legal objection to accepting the Hall of
Justice without first adjusting the claims
of creditors and. contractors.
were admitted to enrollment under false
pretenses. The committeemen will lose
the confidence and respect of the good
citizens of San Francisco If they com
promise with fraud and bosslsm in any
district. A careful canvass should be
made forthwith of all doubtful names.
Good citizens of the party In every Pre
ctnct will Insist on the purity of the rolls.
Last night county committeemen who
have been fighting the bosses for years
were elated over reports of the great in
terest manifested by good men of the
party.
«y=TP RECEPTION in honor of M. M,
// \\ Estee, United States District
Jl Judge for Hawaii, will be given at
the Union League Club of this city
Tuesday evening, July 10. On June 19
the club sent the following to Mr. Estee:
The Union League Club of San Francisco
presents Its compliments to the Hon. Morris
M. E?tee and begs leave to tender him a recep
tion at the club rooms on such date as may be
agreeable to him prior to hla departure for
Honolulu.
Judge Estee's response accepting- the
tender reads as follows:
Mr. Estee Is in reeeiDt of the very kind ten
der of a reception to him by the Union League
Club prior to his departure for Honolulu and
will be most happy to be the recipient of such
a reception and ventures to ruggest the even-
Ing of July 10, 1900, as a date agreeable to him
for the same.
June 21. 1S0&
The officers of the Union League Club
are making elaborate preparations for
the event. Two thousand invitations will
probably be Issued. . Each member of the
club will receive his own card of Invita
tion and cards for the invitation of. his
guests. There is a third card for guests
invited by. the club.
It is expected that there will be a large
attendance of representative Callfornlans,
embracing Judges of the Federal courts,
the Supreme Bench and Superior courts.
The function will be non-partisan in
character. Judge Estee has a- host of
friends in California who appreciate his
worth as a citizen of the commonwealth.
No doubt the Bpeeehes generally will ex
press sentiments of personal regard for
the distinguished guest. The clubrooms
will be beautifully decorated* f or the oo
caslon. The influence of good muslo will
not be lacking.
\
Reception Tendered to the Distin
guished Californian Is Accepted
for July 10.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB
GREETS JUDGE ESTEE
The Board of Health last evening ap
pointed Drs. W. R. Dorr, F. R. Starr, L.
D. Bacigalupi, Victor Putnam, F. R. Dray
and F. B. Robinson to be assistant emer
gency surgeons as a result of the drawing
of lots held earlier in the day. The first
three were assigned to the Harbor Hospi
tal and the others to the Central Hospital.
The twelve assistant emergency sur
geons met in the morning for the purpose
of taking a vote on the resolution adopted
by the board directing them to draw lots
to determine who should be retained in
their positions. As told exclusively in
The Call yesterday morning the board had
receded from its original intention to con
tinue six of their favorites in their posi
tions and to dismiss the other six. Drs.
Thompson, Thorne, Dorr, Putnam, Morrl
eon and Armstead had agreed to stand to
gether in opposing the drawing of lots as
being unprofessional. Dr. Robinson, after
mucn persuasion, decided to join the mal
contents and gave his proxy to Thorna.
Drs. McGettlgan, Vander Leith, Starr
(whose proxy was held by Dray), Baciga
lupl and Dray were in the minority when
a vote was to have been taken and tho
resolution would have been accepted when
Rcbinson walked In, repudiated his agree
ment with Thorne and voted with the
five who favored tho drawing of lots. The
vote then stood 6 to 6 and the order of
the board to draw lots had to be com
plied with. Those who drew blanks and
lost their places are Drs. Thompson.
Thome, Armstead, Morrison and McGtet
tigan.
The ten assistant sanitary inspectors
also drew lots, the successful ones being
Drs. Keenan, W. S. .Hereford, H. V. Gra
ham, R. E. Hartley and A. Greene. The
losing five who were dismissed by the
board are Drs. Trueholtz, Fitzgibbons,
Bothe, Pamlicki and Hassler.
Of the ten food inspectors the following
named were dismissed on account of the
alleged Insufficient appropriation: C. J.
Staude and E. T. Murphy. Bath and
Laundry Inspector James Daley and Mar
ket Inspector O'Leary were also decapi
tated.
Assistant Vaccinator McPherson, Assist
ant Bacteriologist Donnelly and Assistant
Chemist Brandt will also be dismissed.
By the dismissals thua made the salary
roll was reduced by $1725 per month. Sec
retary- Brown's salary was cut from $175
to $150 per month; Legal Adviser Dunne's
salary was raised from ?100 to $125. and
DIsinterment Inspector L. Walsh was cut
from $100 to $75 per month. Bakery In
spector Bergez will act as laundry in
spector.
The following: successful contestants in
the recent competition examination were
appointed internes in the City and County
Hospital for one year: Drs. O'Connor.
Osmers and Cunningham to the Cooper
Medical College wards; -Drs. Harvey,
Reinhart, Saph and Pratt to wards of
medical department. University of Cali
fornia; Dr. Watts to wards of the San
Francisco Polyclinic.
Attorney Dunne advised the board that
the 25 per cent cut sustained during April
and May by the employes of the City and
County Hospital might be collected from
the city If the Board of Supervisors would
pass an ordinance covering the point. The
board will be requested to pass such an
ordinance.
The Force of Sanitary Market and
Food Inspectors Largely Reduced.
Salary Boll Is Now Much
Lower.
Six Emergency Surgeons
Lose Their Positions in
Drawing Lots.
SUBORDINATES
DISMISSED BY
HEALTH BOARD
The enrollment since June 23 of 5000 Re
publican voters is accepted by the County
Committee as assrance that the decuent
men of the party have taken In hand the
good work of turning down the bosses.
Among the Republicans.who have signified
by enrollment a determination to take an
active interest in public affairs are many
citizens who never before joined a political
club.
When the Republican County Committee
adopted a simple and orderly plan of or
ganizing an official club in each Assembly
district the estimates placed the probable
total enrollment at 3CKW. Reports received
last night indicate that 5000 men have en
listed for the campaign. The Thirty-fourth
District reports an enrollment of 450, the
Thirty-ninth 340, the Forty-first 250, the
Forty-second 130, the Forty-third 446 and
the Forty-fourth 500.
It was suspected that Kelly and Crim
mins would send out stutters, hoping to
secure their enrollment by false pretenses.
In several districts stuffers were permit
ted to sign, but the bona fide residents of
the districts wherein the fraud was per
petrated know the names of the stuffers
and will see that such names 'are ex
punged. In the Forty-third District some
of the rawest work was done. Several
days ago The Call directed attention to
the complaints which had been made
against John J. Curry, a county commit
teeman of that district. He was formerly
a Democrat and ran for State Printer on
the ticket with James H. Budd. Later
on he set himself up as an anti-Crimmins
Republican. Proof can be produced that
he permitted non-residents of the Forty
third to sign the roll of that district. Re
cently two young men who were known
to live on Tehama street ¦went up and
had their names put on the roll of tho
Forty-third as living at 103 Ellis street.
Neither one resides there nor in the dis
trict. After they had given their ad
dresses falsely they were questioned by
an acquaintance concerning- their reasons
for so doing. They confessed that Crim
mins and "Saxy" Solomon asked them to
sign the roll or the Forty-third Assembly
District. Their story is that they were
invited to drink four or five times and
that the same persons put up round after
round of drinks for the crowd. Evidently
there was "money to burn" and some one
standing ready to put It up for colonizers.
The names or these two young men who
fraudulently signed are known and the
facts are attested to by Republicans who
are trusted in the councils of the party.
The two young men said that Crlmmlna and
Solomon were opposed to the "straight
laced" element in the party. The situa
tion is up against Curry. Proof will be
furnished to his satisfaction, if required,
that the names on the roll of the Forty
third District are 'there wrongfully In
these two instances and In others. There
are said to be at least eighty coloniza
tions in that one district. The test of
Curry's sincerity as a purist will be
whether he will have the fraudulently en
rolled names stricken off. If he will not
it will be evident that he winks and con
nives at the frauds.
At the outset the County Committee
had little hope of wresting the Twenty
eighth -and Twenty-ninth districts from
the control of the degraded bosses. Hence
no particular effort was made to encour
age decent Republicans to sign the roll
of the official club in these districts. The
best citizens of the party, however, can
win the districts at the primary election
by putting In the field a clean, anti-boss
delegate ticket. Kelly and Crimmins can
not win a district in the town in a square,
open flght. Of all the contemptible and
corrupt bosses that ever disgraced a co.m
munity, they are the lowest and most de
spicable. Knowing^ something of the de
rision in which they are held, they pro
claim hostility to their own candidates in
order to mislead the voters. When the
delegate tickets are put up in the
Twenty-eighth. Twenty-ninth, Thlrty T nrst
and Forty-fifth Assembly districts The
Call will point out the candidates who
wear the brand of Kelly and Crimmins.
It Is known that several 'members of the
Republican County Committee are doing
politics under cover with Crimmins. There
Is no positive proof that Committeeman
Curry of the Forty-third Is a tool of the
bosses. He is probably a dupe. When the
proof Is presented to him that he has been
duped We may join in the efforts to elim
inate stuffers from the official club of the
Forty-third District.
An attempt was made by stuffers last
night to pet on th« rolls at the Thirty
fourth District, but they were promptly
sentawav by citizens of th« district.
In sending out rounders to sipn club
rolls Kelly and Crimmins hope to gain a
point in the permanent organization of
the clubs and thus have a voice in 1 making
up the delegate tickets to be voted for at
the primary election. The stuffers, of
course, cannot vote In a district where
they do- not reside, but they may be able
to create disturbance in a few of the dis
tricts when the time comes to permanent
ly organize the clubs. As all the clubs will
meet for permanent organization on the
evening or July 9 the stuffers will not be
able to cover more than three or four dls-
Between this time and July 9 the County
Committee can perform the excellent work
of striking from the rolls all those who
Stuffers From Kelly & Crimmins'
Saloon Made a Big Rush to En
roll in the Forty-third
District.
Good Citizens of the Party
Have Control of the Dis
trict Clubs.-
ENROLLMENT OF
FIVE THOUSAND
REPUBLICANS
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1, 1900.
19
UNION LEAGUE CLUB'S INVITATION AND ITS RECIPIENT.
GLORIA SHOES.
Tenth and Broadway,
OAKLAND.
We buy patent medicines in
large quantities— cheapest way
— pay spot cash and get big: dis-
counts — still cheaper.
It's the Owl's way of buying
that helps you save.
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets comfort
the stomach and control the nerves
of expensive smokers, small bottle. 4Oc
Nelson's Foot Comfort, s new prep-
aration to comfort tired, swollen
and pinched feet, eprlnkle top
cans 20c
Baker's Little Giant Pills, fO little
pills in a bottle, cure for consti-
pation 23c
Maltines K."Wj
fascarets 10c, 2«c, 40c
Williams' Pink Pills *IW.
Kilmer's Swamp Root.... -4Oe
Hood's Sarsaparilla 77>c
Halter's Sarsaparilla 7."»c
Ayer's Earsaparllla 75c
Carter's Little Liver Pills 1T»C
Pierce 1^ Discovery 7."5«
Pierre's Prescription 7"»c
Ponds Extract 4Oe
Pozzonl't Face Powder !t.*»e
Anita Cream 40c
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on orders of $5 or up.
THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
Gut-Rate Druggists.
1128 Market St.,
£AN FRANCISCO.
Medicines.
Patent
Dependable Drugs.
y>MTE ASH STEAM COAL, ££'&*&
I 1AVOND COAL MINING CO.. at »U GREEN
J-IVi;u r-oLLIEKlES. Is the Best Coal «o Uw
*-*'*« t. CUU* and Yards— iM Mala itrMt.
PRIN'F^S. BOOKEINDERS.
THE UlCKB-JWD CO..
» _ a F»r»t *t-. San Francisco.
1 STATIONED AND PRINTER.
T %^. hl ° FABTB1DGE M<^?. rm *
i kl.NTI.X J.
J C fTrtrTFC PRINTER.
' • -¦ H rllCy HI Fansome st.. S. F
O'LS.
- ¦' "• -KI^ATINO OILS. LEONARD A EL-
•XJS, (It Front «t.. B. F. Phcne Main 1711.
METAL.
V-i'r* linotyv «.rxJ stereotype rn«Ul. Pacific
M*ta] Work«. 127-t First «t.. 6*a Francisco.
LITH^GPAPHIVQ
T'Tlon L.lthogrrsph Co.. 215 Raneome tV. Artlrtlc
I>itho«nTjpher» an<! Printers. Government Ll-
ttnttcr- for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
HAR Ess DRESSING.
"PALO AUTO." Best leather preserver on
«-arih, 2£c. Roblneon Cnem. Co., 1169 Howard.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
llanfacturer and L>ealer In Metala and Oal-
var.lzlr.g. JOHN gVSU METAL. WORKS. J15
Howard «t.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
!*C RftVCC Jt TA Kfcipplng Butchers. KH
JA3- DUILi C UJ. clay! Tel. Main 1294.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAES.
Electrical Engineer. 26 Ea»t st.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CMITH 6nl P Plumbing. Steamboat tn«J
W» V' 2 il J 11- ship Work a ¦peelalty. 1( and
2S "Washington st. Telephone Mats 664L
COAL COKB AND PIO IUO\
I C U II ft CI\ *°° B*""* Street
J-W- n 1L3U.T ff WU-. Telephone Main ism.
- ATTORNEY.
F H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cil.. <-Vjn!i> t>.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malls i
on Application.
We save money for amateurs. We loan you a
kodak. Backus Studio. 11 Geary st.; supplies. J •
GLORIA SHOES
FOR LADIES ONLY.
«? $5^.50
Price Cj
Have you ever worn a pair?
No! Well, you will never know
what true comfort is until you
do. And so easy fitting and sty-
Hsh and guaranteed for wear.
Every last from a narrow coin to
a Waukenphast toe, in either
turns or welts, kid or patent
leather. Try the Gloria shoes
and test their merit. They, arc
the best $3.50 shoes in the market.
If they were not we would not
handle them. Our name is a
guarantee.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
We are sole agents here.
• B. KAT HINSKL Proprietor,
1 0 Third Street, San Francisco
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
CELEBRATE
THE
BIB II iBlllE
WITH
Fireworks.
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MAKERS,
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS GO.
2/9 FRONT STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Open To-Day and Evenings.
PEERLESS OIL COMPANY
'IS PREPARED TO SUPPLY
FUEL OIL
By the carload. In any quantity, at any rail-
road station.
Address Room 47, Eighth Floor. Mills Build-
in?, San Francisco. —• :
Twenty-First Semi-Ann nal Statemsnt
OP THE
Mutual Sayings Bank
Of San Francisco,
NO. 33 POST ST.
Capital stock subscribed $1.0<X>.ono CO
Of which has been paid in gold coin.. SOU. 000 CO
Statement of the condition and value of the
assets and liabilities of the Mutual Savings
Gar.lc of San Francisco, a corporation doing
business at 33 Post street, city of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, and where said as-
sets were situated on June 30, 1900.
ASSETS. •
liank premises (272.231 CO
Real estate, taken for debt *.\.O. t .;
I'nlted States bonds 739,6^6 U
(These bends are owned and con- '
trolled by this corporation and are
kept In the vaults of the National
ltank of Commerce In New York
City and lu th« vaults of the
First National Bank of San Fran-
cisco )
Miscellareous bonds L147.077 &
Promissory notes, secured by first
mortgage on real estate within
tills t-tate. Oreeon and 'Washing-
ton. The actual value of said
promissory notes is 2,041,508 13
Bonds and shares of the capital
*trck of corporations upon which
! this corporation has advanced 107,311 00
(All said rrcmis^ory notes,
bonds and stock certificates are
k?pt In the vaults of tht» corpora-
tion and In safe deposit boxes In
the Deposit Vault Department ot
the First Xatlonal Bank.)
Cash, In gold, sliver and currency,
the actual value of which is:
In vault *JO.i33 12
In bank $3i,8.212 S3 — SZ5.$Z8 01
Furniture and fixtures 750 00
Total assets $4,730,218 M
LIABILITIES.
To stockholders, the amount of
capital paid in. the actual value of
which Is JSOO.OflO (V)
Surplus 73.000 i/0
(The condition of said liability to
stockholders la, that no part of.
the amount can be paid to them,
or in any wary withdrawn, exceot
in payment of lessen during the
. existence of the corporation, nor
until depositors shall have been
paid in full the amount of their
deposits and declared (livldfnls.)
Contingent fund, exclusive of ac-
crued, but uncollected. Interest
on Investments 1,717*:
To depositors this corporation owes
deposits amounting to, and the
actual caea value of which Is 4.34S.541 C»
Total liabilities 4.730.2SS 91
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OP SAM FRAN-
CISCO,
By S. G. MITRPHY. First Vice President.
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco — We do solemnly swear that we
have (and each of us hast a personal knowledge
of the matters contained in the foregoing report,
and that every allegation, statement, matur
and thlr.tr therein contained la true to the best
of our kn*wle«Ise and belief.
S. O. MUHPHY. First Vice President.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this SOth
day of June A. D.. I**. F. C. FOnt>.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
or 3an I'ranctsc<<. fctate ot California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Kstabllshed over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selecte* to represent the development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; 'over 17,000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed In positions; 25 teachers: open the entira
year: new SO- page catalogue free.
Hitchcock School, '
SAM PAFAEL, CAU..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS ATJGTTST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Miss Read's School, Berkeley
Boarding and Day School for Girls — 2333 Chan-
nlng way, Berkeley. ¦ Cal. Pleasant home life,
large garden, gymnasium: accredited to Univer-
sity of California. Stanford University. Vassar
and Smith Colleges. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens August 6, 1500.
ST. MATTHEWS' Mi a.
SAN MATEO, CAL. For catalogue and illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER, A. B..- Rector.
HAML.N SCHOOL^ SEM , NARY>
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. B.iardmg and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California, Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity, Vassar and Smith Collecen.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
802 Montgomery St.. Pan rrancisco. Cal.
Lesions personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by of flclal reporters "best teachers, best system. '
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy, Alameda, haa
been removed to Irvlngton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
, passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds in-
vited. W. W. ANDERSON*. Principal.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Est. 1377. Men and women taught In one
month the science of navigating a vessel around
i the world. Privately If desired. Marine engt-
' neers prepared for license. CAPT. VON
SCHOEX, ML E.. etc., principal, 42 Market st.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees: seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered in music,
art and elocuUon. Write for catalogue to MRS
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year; fall term opens Aug. g. 1900.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RESUME STUDIES ON TUESDAT.
August 7. 1300. L __
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
JQOP MARKET ST.— Actual business book-
I ZOD keeping; only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Oregg shorthand,
the easiest, fastest and most readable. Day
and evening.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
San Francisco, ""nlit-rnln.
STUDIES WILL. BE RESUMED MOSDAT.
August 8. 1900. Dolores at., near Sixteenth.
POLYTECHNIC !8!l n ec s e s
Great Business Training and Shorthand School.
Has the larsest and best equipped depts. In the
West. 300 young men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. CaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school f«r young ladles. 2128
California St., will reopen August «. 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for children: carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal. -.
THREE EXTRA SPECIAL BARGAINS
In New, Desirable Dress Fabrics— on sale at these special
pr ces. FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
; Sale of a manufacturer's stock picked up by our New York
buyer. They are extraordinary values and will sell rapidly, so to
¦ avoid disappointment we •would advise an early call.
; COLORED SILK LUSTRE ALPACA.
\ A genuine English make, very glo?sy finish. 3* Inches wide, pure wool an4 mo-
hair, nice assortment of shades. Including New Blue. Gobelin. Sapho Red. Brown,
etc. : very desirable for shirt waists, underskirts and bathing suits, the regular <JOe
quality.
On sale this week only 29c yard
ENGLISH HOMESPUN CHEVIOTS.
The latest and most stylish weave, now u?e<J almost exclusively for outlnir suits.
separate skirts, traveling dresses, etc. Strictly all wool, 44 inches wide, good color
assortment. Including Royal Blue, Garnets, Summer Browns, new IleJa. Egyptian
; Green, Black and Navy, the regular Sic Quality.
On sale this week only 4Sc yard.
; BLACK HENRIETTA CLOTH.
;•¦>'»*; A nice fine weave, perfectly fast color and lustrous finish, full 43 Inches, wids,
' very desirable for plaited shirt waists, tea gowns, separate skirts, wrappers, etc.
The regular 60c grade. .-;
On sale this week only 30c yard.
| FIGURED BATISTE AND FANCY STRIPED DIMITIES.
'¦ In dainty colors; these goods were sold regular for 15c and 20c. i
\ . Sale price 9c.
: FRENCH PERCALES.
to Inches wide, light and medium colors. In stripes only, were sold regular for 10c
Sale price 6Ic per yard.
| SCOTCH GINGHAMS.
I ZJ inches wide, medium colors, in stripes and checks, regular value 10a.
Sale price 61c.
\ WASH SILKS— SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK, 25c YARD:
' Colors are light and dark navy, brown, old rose, Scotch plaids and checks.
The above goods onjsale at our Market-street store only. i
\ SAMPLES SENT ON APPLICATION. $
I Our illustrated bulletin of ready-made goods sent free of charge on application. £•
I GOODS DELIVERED FREE OF CHARGE IN THIS AND NEIGHBORING) CITIES.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
1 22O-1222- 1224 MARKET STREET.
i-". J ¦ I*
I for the j
1 = i
£* i
'*¦-¦ '
iOuting Hats, j
An All- wool Hat, latest |
: j Fedora shape. ..$1.10 : |
5 Canvas 25c each $
|: Fancy Hat Bands j
: 25c each |
I i
IFireworks. j
; ,\ loose or in boxes. *j
6 Assorted Boies are $1,52, !
S3, $4 and $5 per box.
I
| Decorations, j
Flags, Bunting, Festoon- jj
ing, Lanterns, etc., in k
' every variety. %
I ' ?
M I
Telescope Baskets (with g
strap) 25c np j
*"=** !
1 IM & MCK |
% CO.,
I 818-320 Market St. \The natives have become Imbued with the
General Davis Reports That Islanders
: Will Not Work While Rations : !
Ar2 Supplied Them.. / '.':"
WASHINGTON. June 30.— The War De
partment has received an interesting re
port from General Davis, commanding
our forces in Porto Bico, concerning the
gTeat hurricane which swept over tht
island last Aupust. and the conditions re
sulting from the efforts of the United
States to maintain the islanders through
their consequent .poverty and suffering.
Referring to the food issued by this Gov
ernment to the natives General Davis
UNCLE SAJVi TO CEASE
FEEDING PORTO RICANS
stopped within about two foet of Manor's
large grain field, near Williams. The loss
at this time is unknown, but will be heavy.
•
COLE FINAIXY ACQUITTED.
Had Already Served Two Years on a
Murder Charge.
SALINAS, June 30.— Joseph Cole, ac
cused of murdering his sister-in-law,
Mary Perez in May, 1S97, was to-day ac
quitted of the charge and set free after
being in the County Jail and. San Quen
tln prison for two years.
Cole was sentenced once to life impris
onment. The case was appealed and a
new trial granted, and acquittal obtained.
The evidence for the defense was chiefly
that the woman was subject to epileptic
fits, and while in company of the defend
ant had an attack and died. The jury
was out two hours.
not Insured and the barn was Insured for
$1500. The total loss is $4500. The property
Is owned by O. McHenry. president of the
lhrst National Bank of Modesto. The
cause of the nre Is unknown.
HAY AND GRAIN DESTROYED.
Disastrous Fire in the Foothills Near
Eites.
Special Dispatch to The Call
COLUSA, June 30.— At 11 o'clock this
morning fire started. In the foothills near
Sites and burned over an area of about
twelve miles. The two quarries at Sites
shut down so the men could fight the fire.
Gangs also ¦went out from Maxwell and
Williams. It Is reported that the lire de
stroyed four buildings near Sites. Hay
and grain were burned on the Doolings,
O'Keefe and Evans ranches. The fire was
CHART OF THE CHANG
SHAN CHANNEL, AT THEEN
TRANCE OF PKCHILI GULF.
WHERE THE OREGON MET
WITH THE DISASTER, THE
FIGURES SHOW THE SOUND
INGS IN FATHOMS.
Howlci Island lies on the north
side of Chang Shan entrance to
the Gulf of Pechiii. It is 310 feet
high and the lighthouse near the
lower erwj Is 45 feet In height. It
Is fitted with a revolving white
light, visible twenty-eight miles in
clear weather. There is also at
the station two fog guns, which on
signal from seaward fire at fre
quent intervals.
tain Wilde reports that when the boats
sounded around the ship there were "at
leapt rive and a half fathoms." This
sounduijr indicated that the ship was mov
iiiR toward the rocks cloarly shown on the
chart supplied to the Oregon. When the
weather cleared Captain Wilde must have
appreciated, his danger and attempted to
escape Irom it.
**J have an idea." said one of the officers.
"that when the order to hoist anchor was
given the current swept the battle?hip
toward the rock, and before her engines
could give her headway she struck."
Mr. Wu. the Chinese Minister, said to
day that this particular spot was a grave
yard of shipping.
So far us officers of the department are
able to p'at the position of the ship with
the incomplete Information at hand, they
believe that the Oregon must have been
carried by the current east-southeast and
that the tide must have been at its flood.
In' this event there is danger that the
ship will settle on the rock, ripping a
still larerT hole In her bottom, making It
impossible for her to be floated.
The difference, between the rise and fall
cf the ti<1e at the point where the Oregon
lies Is six feet, so that If she struck at
high tide she has Incurred an added dan
ger. Secretary Long made this statement
to me this afternoon:
"I prieve for the Oregon as I would if
-one of our best naval men were hurt and
In danger. There Is almost a sense of
personal loss. I am still hopeful that she
can be saved and towed into Port
Arthur." ;. -• • '¦¦¦¦
Pinnacle Rock, where the Oregon ran
aground, is about . twenty-five feet high
and lies three and two third miles south
of Hawk Island and about one and a
quarter miles northeast of the island of
Siao Lu Shan. . : • . •
BUILDER SCOTT HOPES
OREGON WILL BE SAVED
Irving M. Scott, builder of the Oregon,
said yesterday in reference to the disaster
to the warship: . .'¦ :¦¦ .... -.'.'
"It is deplorable at this time. -.Of
course, much depends on weather condi
tions, but I think that there is a pood
chance to get the vessel off without much
harm being done. Compartment 19 is one
of the water-tight compartments just aft
of tho forward turret.; The doors can be
hermetically closed, and there Is -ho dan
ger of the phip sinking. . • • ' ¦.; • ; ¦ . : -
"The disaster Is most unfortunate, ;but
I suppose it Is one of those accidents that
cannot Le cruardrd against. As far as. the
workmanship of .the bis craft is con
cerned. I can promise that she is as well
constructed as it is possible for a battle
ship to bo, and unless bad weather sets
In she will in all probability be able to
continue her journey as. soon as she-Is
afloat again." : , ; ¦ •' ¦', .:•¦";'
•r- t T ASHINGTQX, June 30.— The fol
\ A / Jowlng dispatches were received
1/1 /at the Navy Department rela-
V tf * tivt> t0 the grounding of the
*-i* Oregon:
'¦CUIZVI'. : June 2?.— Secretary of the
\ av y ' Anchored yesterday In dense fos
in si ¦vc-rtecn- fathoms, tl^ree miles south
cf Hot* Ke light, gulf of Techili. Sent out
two boats ar.u sounded: least water live
and a half fathoms. Weather clear: got
urdcr way a.rd struck Pinnacle Rock.
Much water in forward compartment.
Perfectly smooth. Shall charter steamer
if .>o-«ible at Cbefa and lighten the ship.
Bock through Bide of ship above double
bottom about frame 1?. Small holes ako
through bottom of ship. W1LDL.
"CHEFU. June ».— Secretary of the
Navy. Washington: Iris has gone to as-
Eis-tance of Oregon.
-RAYMOND ROGERS, :
"Commanding Nashville."
•HONGKONG. June of
the Navy, Washington: Princeton has ar
rived. Brooklyn leaves for Nagasaki. The
Zafiro at Chefu has been Kent to assist
thf Oreson. reported by Rogers on a rocK
eoutb oJ How Ke light. Iris goli«to her
a-?=ivtance. • RE.ME1.
The point r.here the Ore-son grounded
if fifty miles west-northw. st of Chefu.
T.iku "ip 1M) mll^s west of Pinnacle Rock.
vh«r<> s=h«e struck. ¦ . .. . .
LONDON.- July I.-A ppecial di?patch
from Shanghai dated June S3 (Saturday)
paws that all on board the I'nited States
battlesbip orctron. which v.«nt ashore m
the <3\zll ><f Pechiii. have been M.v«d.
There is some chance that the \e^sel may
be lloated.
WASHINGTON. June CO.— After an ex
p.mi;;;:tlon of the plans of the battleship
Orf^nn in the lijsrht of her commanding
Officer*! report officials of the Navy De
partstent express the opinion that if she
<tru-k at liish tide she cannot be saved.
Thn Oreson anchored on account of fog at
a point fust north of Pinnacle Rock, -.vait
ir-K for Uj«- fop to lift. The current rets
in v«ry swiftly at this point, and it is pre-
Pi:med that the anchor dras^L-d. as Cap-
belief that the United Btates Is to supply food,
rebuild their houses and give them all the'
necessaries of life for an Indefinite period. It
seems impossible to make them understand
that the aid was only intended to title : them
over and enable them to recover from' the sreat
disaster. They seem Indisposed to replant their
crops, and when January 1. 1P00. arrived (the
date which General Davis had fixed for dis
continuing food issues) the evidence of suffer
ing was so great that I was forced to recom
mend Its continuance. The amount of food Is
sued, however, was reduced as far as was
compatible with actual need, and S7."0.000 was
appointed for work that a large number of la
borers might .be thus employed and effective
aid extended. ; An aggregate of 100,000 rations
dally is now being issued, however. Should
all applications be considered favorably, the is
sues would amount to nearly half a m'illioit ra
tions each day, at a cost of $23,000.
These 1?fucs are pauperizing the people and
Instilling into their minds the idea that, they
have only to refuse to work to be supported by
the Government. In the opinion of Governor
Allen, relief supplies should not be sent to
Porto Rico In the future, and supplies should
be furnished no longer to the larger and more
prosperous planters, but should he given 'only
to the smaller planters and to these for only
a short time loncer. • -
General Davis recommends action ac
cording to these views, and accordingly
the Secretary of War has directed him to
cease the distribution of rations in Porto
Rico on July 15, and to give early notica
of this intention, so that all citizens may
understand the necessity of making
other arrangements than now exist.
RAILROADS LOSE.
PORTLAND . June 30.— In the United
States District Court to-day Judge Bel
linger handed down a decision in ti;o case
of Allen; & Lewis, representing the
wholesale grocers of Portland, against
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany and the Oregon Short Line Railroad
Company. The decision to-day was
against the railroad companies. Tho de
cision, however, was not on tht. merits of
the case, but on an application of the
Oregon Short Line to 'withdraw from the
suit on the ground that the court had no
jurisdiction, the Short Line being a sepa
rate corporation.
In the original suit plaintiffs contended
that the rates of the Short Line and the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation com
panies into Idaho territory discriminate
against Portland jobbers and in favor of
San Kranclsco Jobbers, which is contrary
to the interstate commerce law.
Judge Bellinger held that the applica
tion for withdrawal came too late and
that both roads must come Into court and
defend the suit.
For Once in the History of the Town
"Hill Tribe" and "Water Front"
Stand Together.
Special (Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June SO.— The hill people
and the longshore people of Sausalito are
busy signing a petition to be presented
to the Sausalito Board of Health: The
petition ask3 that a certain nuisance in
the shape of an unfilled pond on Water
street be abated. - ,'-¦'¦'¦¦".
The pond In question Is a portion of
Sausallto's water front, which has been
bulkheadeu in and allowed to remain un
filled save with stagnant water. The ob
jectionable spot is located next the rail
road wharf and Impresses Its presence
very forcibly upon those going on and off
the boat.
For the first time in many years the
good people of Sausalito find themselves
united in- thought and action. Political
rivalry and the poolroom war have been
forgotten In the battle now being waged
against the nimble microbe.
The petition contains a dozen "where
ases" and the words "nuisance." "dis
grace," "good health threatened," "stran
gers disgusted with appearance" find a
prominent place.
ANDERSON IN MORE TROTTBIiE.
Colored Preacher Causes the Arrest of
W. J. Thompson in Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
SACRAMENTO, June SO.— Rev. "W. B.
Anderson, pastor of the African Methodist
Church, this afternoon swore out a war
rant charging "W. J. Thompson, colored, a
plumber, with disturbing the peace.
Thompson, In recent divorce proceedings
brought against his wife, charged the pas
tor with being the cause of all hi3 woe.
This afternoon, when the two men met.
Thompson made a pass to unnocket a
razor and expressed a desire to jslash the
clergyman's throat.
Barn and Hay Burned.
MODESTO, June 30.— A new two-story
barn, G6>:200 feet, hay-cutter and 250 tons
of hay were burned at Bald Eagle ranch,
five miles east of Modesto, to-day. The
hay was on the windward side of the barn,
ready to cut and store in the barn. Ben
Bosen was badly burned about the arm
and shoulder and Inhaled smoke while res
cuing stock from the barn. The hay -was
SAUSALITO RESIDENTS
WANT A POND FILLED IN
(Drawn from telegraphic reports and description of Pinnacle Rock.)
View of the Eattleship Oregon as She Probably Lies at Pinnacle Rock.
Great Rent Torn in the Side of the War Vessel When She
Crashed Ashore — Now Impaled on a
Jagged Reef.
BATTLESHIP OREGON IN PERILOUS
POSITION ON PINNACLE ROCK
MANILA, June *30, midnight.— A week's
scouting in Northern Luzon resulted hi
fifty rebels being killed and forty wound
ed. One American was killed.
Troops operating in North Ilicos have
burned six of the barracks belonging to
General Tinos' forces and captured his
correspondence. General Tino with 200
of his men, armed with rifles, succeeded
In escaping.
Near ilanguirls the Americans attacked
and defeated a large body of bolomen.who
were strongly intrenched. Eighty of the
bolornen were armed with rifles, while the
remainder, estimated at several hundred,
had only bolos.
At Angels General Aquion surrendered
to General Grant. General Aquino, ac
cording to the testimony of survivors, or
dered the execution of several American
prisoners last year at Arayat. This exe
cution was effected In the iace of a rescu
ing column. The restriction clauses in
the amnesty proclamation Issued by the
American autnoritles are said to have
been Inserted principally to cover Aqui
no's action in this case.
At Tarlac three officers and fifteen Fil
ipinos armed with rilies: surrendered to
Lieutenant Burls' scouts. : They destroyed
5000 pounds of powder and twenty tons of
ordnance stores, which were cached in the
mountains west of Mabale.
At Pajnpango the rebels liberated a
prisoner named Aiker, who was sick. He
reports that Captain Charles D. Roberts
of the Thirty-fifth Regiment is well.
..The Filipinos attacked the town of Ben
gued twice on the morning o£ June 25.
The garrison succeeded in driving off the
insurgents, killing seven of them. The
same night the enemy attempted to burn
San Quintanahra, exchanging shots with
the garrison. Twelve houses were burned,
but the, soldiers succeeded in preventing
the flames spreading throughout the town.
Natives Twice Attack Bengued Un
successfully and . Set Fire to
the Town of San
Quintanabra.
Insurgent Losses During a
Week's Operations in
Northern Luzon.
SCOUTS' RIFLES
SPEED DEATH TO
FIFTY FILIPINOS
hjad an Unblemished Sea Record
and Did GallaQt Service in
Two Wars.
tcm through which the company obtained
some of its most efficient officers. At the
conclusion- of his leave Philip, af r^r a
short cruise In the Adams, obtained com
mand of the Woodruff scientific expedi
tion around the world. He served subse
quently on deep-sea surveying, as light
house inspector and on duty at Mare Isl
and up to his promotion to captain In 1SS3,
when he went East, and after a two
years' cruise In the Atlanta took charge
as general inspector of the cruiser New
York, in •which he made a cruise.
His subsequent service In the Texas la a
matter of recent history of the battle off
Santiago, In which his ship took a prom
inent part. A most gallant fighter, he ¦was
also a man of deep religious feeling and
kindness of heart,- and it wa9 he who for
bade his men to cheer at the sinking of
one of the Spanish ships, saying: "Don't
cheer, boys?: those poor fellows are dying."
Later, whtn the battle was ended, he
called on every one on the Texas to bare
his head In silent thanksgiving, and him
self publicly acknowledged his belief In
and gratitude to God.
On January 19, 1S99, Philip was assigned
to the coveted post of commandant of the
Brooklyn navy yard. >
"Jack" Philip, as his crew were wont
to name him, was the personification of a.
typical sailor officer, a polished gentleman
and a devout Christian. He had all of the
good qualities and traits of the perfect of
ficer and none of the follies of the sea
farer. His wife — a Californian — and two
children constitute the charge left by the
gallant Philip to the country which he
served so well.
THE LATE REAR ADMIRAL JOHN "WOODWARD PHILIP.
-K/"T-E"W YORK, June 30.— Rear Admiral
JU>I Philip, commandant of the Brook
lyn Navy Yard, died at 3:15 o'clock this
afternoon of heart disease.
Rear Admiral John Woodward Philip
was born in New York August 26, 1840,
and entered the Naval Academy at thj
age of 16- The outbreak of the civil war
offered opportunities for the young mia
shlpmcn to at once enter upon the serious
practical duties of their profession, and
when Philip wrote a letter to the Secre
tary of the Navy asking to be given a
position of responsibility he was promptly
promoted to acting 1 master and ordered to
the sailing sloop Marion. He served on
the blockading squadrons and the James
River fleet and was severely wounded in
the Stono River engagement, 1863. Pro
moted to lieutenant in 1S62. he rose to the
grade of lieutenant commander two years
later, and became a commander In 1874. in
which grade he remained until 1899, when
promoted to captain, and reached the
rank of rear admiral on March 3, 1S90.
Rear Admiral Philip had the enviable
distinction of having a longer sea service
record than any other officer on the active
list, which, including his command of Pa
cific Mail steamers, footed up to twenty
three years, out of forty-three years ten
months total service. He had very little
inclination for office work and yam rou
tine duty, and up to-the time of his mar
riage was almost constantly at sea. From
lS"^ to 1*7G Philip was the popular com
mander of the Pacific Mail steamer City
of Peking, and introduced the cadet sys-
DEATH SUMMONS
ADMIRAL PHILIP
TJ11S fcJAJN JbKAJNClSUO CAL.L,, SUNDAY, JLJL.Y 1, liH)O.
says
20
i v-3-- OR. JORDAN'S zHttri
imSVJS OF ABATOHYi'
A gj icniK&2znn:.ttt.cit7i.s.f.ciLji
\ fc*^ T* 11 Larcrrt Ar..if oiic»l Museum in the
£ I>!te»?J <inM« »«?«il»Hy cm! , he „,„„, ( '
J ft*$fi OR.iOBDW»-PPJVATE DISEASES^
i P(5^^3 Conralutioa free aod stri-tly prirtte. '
A /J X^«t ti «"»ent penonally rr hy letter. A / I
V B » ljj[ HfJwe Air«ia every caieundertakcn. '
A&tf llO» w 'rtefor Book. POM. QfciSPHV «f i \
VI I II SAtlBlACK, MAtLCO FREB. IaI 1
/i C2 tl ««la»Ue book for tarn) ' \
7 £>K. JOBDAKAfO., 1051 Martet st..a F 9
?.2~:. ¦.• "\v^ . Many Women, can. trace their ruined complexions to. the use of injurious cosmetics which, at their best, simply j^S
Sn ¦¦•"•:¦ .. COVER, UI 3 deiectsi; -They try 6pe preparation after another, hoping to find one that will bring back what has been lostv
j-^:: i but it. will never, retiirn.:. ;Jhere is but one way and .that is to SECURE A NEW SKIN. . All physicians and dermatologists
iTZ. ¦-'¦'' . agree on lone ppint,. : that^ when th^outer cuticle is stained with; 'freckles, tan and other discolorations, or has a muddy,
;*f5;' - ! roughened appearance, -there is '-but one -way to eradicate the defects and. that is by using a preparation which will surely,
iCSV ;'--*v; but-hot too hurriedly, take ; off. the' :outer skim and with it the: blemishes../ No truer words were ever said than that "
;^ , : COAXES A NEW SKIN. It is the. resuk of years of study and experimenting, and today stands alone as a time-tried . 5i
ZZZ : -.' ':•:..-..: remedy iwhich cures. It passed the experimental stage ten years ago, and since then has been used by thousands of dis- ¦
;^ ¦ ; .criminatingwomen who never fail to recommend it in words of praise and thankfulness. rrs
S^ : : ¦ It does not contain a single ingredient that can possibly harm the most, delicate skin, but it must be remembered
!•£**.¦ that ANITA CREAM is not a coldicrearh, but a medicinal preparation which, if properly used, will accomplish a very
;g^ ; . different result from that obtained by the'use of a simple bland or cold cream. It draws all .impurities to the surface and :~2
:^ removes the outer skin in small, scaly particles, thus eradicating all '.blemishes and at the same time, promoting a'growth of
Sp . of new skin as softand clear as an .infant's. It contains no vaseline or any ingredient that will stimulate a growth of hair. 3
•^ rnrr Oniini C 'f y° u cannot obtain Anita Gream of your druggist, send 50c to us for a full sized jar. Further particulars and instructions together with a ~-2
«~ InLL UUmi LL liberal sample will be mailed to any address for a 2c stamp. ANITA CREAM & TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St.', Los Angeles, Cal.
wiitiauiiiiiiiaiiiiiuiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiaiiitiuiiiiiiaiiuiiiiiiuuiiiiiuiiiiiiiaiiiiaiaiiiiiuiiiiiitiaiitiiiiiiiiaitiiiiiiiuiiiiiiuiuii^
fXTTDCO TO THE FAVORABLE CRITICISM
fend many inquiries received by us from
the Medical Profession an3\others Interested
r^rarding our statPtnent that the so-called
CTeakneaa of Men is not a Weakn^fK. but symp-
toms oi Inflammation of the Prostate Gland
(Ti^ck c f . bladder), caused by contracted dis-
orders nnd early dissipation, and that !om cf
Vitality. I'rpmatureness, etc.. are Invariably
cured t>y procedures dirwtod toward correcting
this infUrnmaticn, we •ni?h to Mat* to these,
niasy Infjulrirs. in the columns of the press.
that it takes approximately t*>n Ti-<^ks-' to cure
thr-se disorders of the male. The treatment is
entirely a !r>ral one, as no dniRsinjj the etom-
ach 1*. neo»»$snry. and that the patient may
treat himself at homo, under our directions. "We
will cheerfully *-xrlain the plan of treatment to
any reliable I'J'.ysician on request. The col-
ored chart cf the organs, vrhieh \v» sr-nd free
on appli r aticn to &r.j- cne tntcresfd In' the sub-
ject, tvlli i>e found a preat advantage in ••Home
XMaprjosiy." i-s well as a t-tu'ly for all interest-
ed in their anatomy. Very Beapeetfully,
DR. TAIX'OTT &'cO..
?37 Market street.
ANNOUNCEMENT!
advi:bti3Em:ent3.
BRUSHES s* aaaa «s
bcuses. billiard UbU«
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*!
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries. pan«i£
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, at*.
tlemen. tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors. «to>
BUCHANAN. BROS_
Brush 'Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3»
ADVEBTISEaiENTS^ J
WHEN DOCTORS DISAGREE
What Becomes of the Patient?
Doctors have their hobbles as well _as
other people and In the treatment or aia-
ease often carry them too far for the pa-
tient's pood. For instance in the treat-
ment of indigestion or dyspepsia many
doctors give bismuth and nothing ewe.
others rely on pepsin to bring their pa-
tients through, still another doctor treats
stomach troubles with the various vege-
table essences and fruit salts.
Now one or the other of these excellent
remedies becomes a hobby with the doc-
tor who has had most success with the
particular one in question, because all of
them are flrst-clas3 remedies for indiges-
tion and dyspepsia, but not one of them
alcne is so good as a combination or all
of them, such as is found in Stuart 9
Dyspepsia Tablets, which contains not
on'y vegetable essences and fruit salts.
but also the freshest, purest pepsin and
bismuth, making altogether a remedy un-
surpassed for every form of indigestion,
sour stomach, nervous dyspepsia, belch-
ing of gas. distress after eating, sleep-
lessness, headaches, etc.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is not a se-
cret r<*nent nostrum, but you can see for
yourself what it is. and knowing this, its
success as a dyspepsia cure is not sur-
prising. All druggists recommend and
sell them at 50 cents.
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL STOCK
——OF—
The German Savings
and Loan Society,
A Corporation dolnr builnes* it N*. Cl Cali-
fornia street.
DATED JUNE 30, 1900.
CAPITAL STOCK. actuallT .. __^
paid up in Gold Coin fl.OOO.000.00
RESERVE FUND, actually M - />rtA . w>
paid up in Gold Cola OTO.OOO.OO
B. A. BECKER,
President of tfit German Saviors and Loan
Society.
ISeaU GEO. WUHNT.
Secretary of tha German SaTlnss and X<oaa
Society.
STATE OP CALIFORNIA, I M
City ar.d County of San Franc!»eo. 5
D A. BECKER and GEORGE TOUKNTT, be-
ing each separately, duly iworn each for him-
self, gays: That laia B. A. BECKER is Presi-
dent, and that said GEORGE TOURNT It
Secretary of THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND
LOAM SOCIETY. th» Corporation abov» men-
tioned, and that the foregotn* itatement la
true. B. A. BECKER.
OEO. TOURNT.
Subscribed and »worn to before me this JOtI»
day of June. A. D. 1900.
[S«.at.2 GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
SIXTY-FIFTH HALF-YEARLY REPORT
OF
The German Savings and
Loan Society,
526 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
SWORN STATEMENT
OK THE CONDITION AND VALUE OF*
the Assets and Liabilities of THE OER-
ilAX SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, a cor-
poration dotnfr business at No. blu California
street. In the City and County 'of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, and where mid
aaaets axe situated, on June 30. 1300;
ASSETS.
1- J7.00O.00O United States 4 per
cent registered bond*
of 1307. the value of
which Is I 8.015,500 00
1&O.0OO United States 4 per
cent registered bonds
of 1923. th- value of
which is 2.084.730 W
O* those bonds $7,550.-
000 are kept In a box In
tho vaults of and rented
from tha New York
Stock Exchange Saf«
r>eposlt Company In
New York City, and
the remainder In th»
vaults of the corpora*
tlon.
t,UB.QW Miscellaneous First
M o r t e a s« Railroad
i;en.;a of the Stats of
California, Cable and
Street Railway. Light
and other Corporation
First Mortcage Bonds,
the value of which Is.. J.S0O,S» «0
All or said bonds are
kept in the vaults of
the Corporation.
S11.1S9.000 O2.989.9Ca~0Q
Standing on tha books of the
Corporation at 12.Z32.324 4S
I — Promissory notes secured by first
mortcaces on real estate, within
this State, the States of Oresron,
Washington, Utah and Nevada.
The value of said promissory
notes is : 14.tU.4S* SS
3 — Miscellaneous Railroad. Str*«t
Railway and other Corporation
Bonds and Stock Certificates
pledged to the Society for tha
amount of 4M.100 M
All said notes, bonds and cer-
tificates are held and kept by
said corporation la Its ova
vaults.
4— Bank buildlnc and lot. th? Tain*
of which Is 135.000 0*
S — Other real estate situated In the
States of California. Oresron.
"Washington and Utah, the valua
of which is 1.03,737 M
•—Furniture In the bank office of
said corporation 1.000 09
7 — Cash in United States sold and
¦liver coin, kept by said cor-
poration In Its own vaults, tit
actual valua of which la t. GO. 1*4 11
Total .t31.07t.S12 71
•
LIABILITIES.
1— To depositors: Said coroora-
tlon owes deposits amounting to*
and the value of which is -..329.J33.S93 tJ
2— To stockholders: The amount of
capital stock, actually paid up.
In gold coin, the value of which -'.'-
Is 1.000.000 00
The condition of said liability
to stockholders is that no part of
the amount can be paid to them,
or in any way be withdrawn, ex-
cept In payment of losses durinff _. ¦.;
the existence of the corporation,
nor until all depositors shall havs
been paid In full the amount of
their deposits and accrued divi-
dends.
3 — To depositors and stockholders:
(a) The amount of the reserve
fund in cold coin, the value of
which la ••.••• J75.00OW
Including: the amount of ma-
tured but uneollected interest on
«l<~ians.
(b) The amount of the contin-
gent fund, the value of which Is ¦ 88 373 45
The condition of said fund3 is
that the same have been created
for the purpose of additional se-
curity to depositors against
losses.
4-State. city and oounty taxes as-
sessed by the Government, but
not yet payable 102.045 21
Total .jP1.0T3.g» 78
President of the German Savm^fn^fSan
Society. ' waa
GEO. TOURVT
Secretary of the German Savings and Lok n
STATE OF CALIFORNIA >
City and County of Pan Franrlirn { •*•
•R A. PECKER an.l GEORGE TOURvV K-_
In? each separately, duly sworn e.T-h for m™
self, says: That said B. A. BECKER U pSiS"
dent, and that raid fiKOnOE TOt-R>Tv .
Secretary of THE GERMAN SAVINGS I v£
LOAN SOCIETY, the Corporation above ££,P
tloned. and that the forgoing .taEm^TE
dal Ub o S f 1^. 'Z°7*£° ™^ ™ VhV&t a
[Seal.] GEO. T. KNOX. Notary Public.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULl) LSH DAMIAN'A BITTEIIS. THE
freat Mexican remedy- gives health and
*»-tcsiJj to tciuaJ crjasb. Depot. ZZi M*.rkeu
ft w
% Ma '.. The Bakersfleld Caltforriiah Is-- Of .-the
cpintqn that the "scrippers' I ..inay -win oiit
as against the mineral, claimants of p}l :
lands.:;. -...••;• •.-.... \ :>-.¦ -:. : ---.; ¦¦• v"-. ':;• *:''- ; '
barrel well, at SO cents, will produce $2 70
gross or $2 20 net. and will in a. year earn
$893,: making the. . well" worth J240S. ;;.. In
deeper wells the costs are much greater,
averaging--* about two barrels per day of
the gross productionl- .. A IW-barrel well
¦would: produce, net, in -a year S5.2S0 bar
rels. ; worth J31,o2'i; making the Well worth
*95,2^" *¦: ',- -i ; : •-¦.-••;•.;. ¦: ::;• '.¦'.,¦'.• -,
Slexicaxs Making Locations Intend
ing to Sink Ocean "Wells — High.
Tide of Speculation in Los
Angeles.
An jif^rr.pt has recently been made to
extend ih* ui-e of oil as fuel in Russia to
xneTaliurKicaJ furnaces. Some Kussian
eraelting works now use petroleum ex
clusivt-iy. and it is used for open-hearth
ar.d crucible steel furnaces as well as in
pur 'ir.j: and <thf-r furnaces, in ovens for
•Srying: molds, teraenting lurnaceF, pre-
Jirniruiry heaters, smith nrrs'and in kilns
for baking clay and brick. In fact, petro
lev.: has become valuable as a fuel in
all metallurgical operations in Russia ex
cept :t l.last furnaws, for which solid
fuel is esMntial to the necessary loosen
ing of the columnar charge. • - • : '
... Accord :r k to the Engineering and Min
ing- Jour:. ¦.:. fuel in Russia does
r.ot set it • .--I upon the works where It is
used. The < r.imneys ar<5> Fmokelesp. there
is no Foot or —h. no firebars or generators
fere required: ir.nrfovt-r there is no waste
of fuel, th«» , .;¦ nring conveyed to the fur
races through | lpie»; combustion is almost
theoretically j>» rf.<t and. a particular ad
vantage, the att. :. iance 1= of the simplest
&nd cheapest character; The methods of
burning the fuel ar< varied and improve
mr-nts are be5r.gr ( :tir.ually introduced-
These methods fail tajo three groups —
pan i: ring, drop firing and ppray firing.
¦ : The most widely us< : method of oil tir
ing is the "forsunka." .r atomizer. The
<;ii is reduced to spray 1 . r-jmpresscd air.
burner consists ot ;jro concentric
tuhes, the inner one being dually the oil
pipe, while the other cnr/..;-? the com
pressed air, which impinges en the oil ls-
FUir.g from the Inner pipe a-4 sprays, it.
;JiU5 bringing about a very ¦ intimate mlx.
ture cf oil and air. The len^Uv of tfce
1 Same can be controlled, the supply of the
fuel regulated and a wide range of tepi
1 pc-rature can be attained.: /¦ . • :"..•./.
! As a rule the "forpunka": and '. the ier-'
minal lengths of the Steam and Oil pipe«
: are mounted on. a swing bracket.v which .
! at the same time connects them with the
: remainder of their re>nective supply pip«?s. ,
To shut off the supply all that is neces
sary is to turn the "forsunha" biic.k to a :
certain degree, whereupon :the connect- ;
ins taps iri the swing bracket are auto
matically closed. This with<ira"Wal of the
burner out of the hot firebox protects, it
i from being damaged by the jsre-at heat
i of the chamber. A similar "forpunka." '
i thoueh not working oh hinges. Is used for
! heating welding furnaces. . Here: the oil
Is delivered 50 as to flow down ..the in
clined top; surface of the burner and, on
reachinp the bottom of the slope, is
caught up and sprayed by the compressed
air discharged through a. narrow under-
UylngBllt.::": ::.:¦¦ -.; : :' ; .¦:;•¦; •;.¦•;.; ¦.:
T.ne expense in Russia of installins oil
j fuel at steel works containing two Martin
I furnaces, one • crucible steel : rurnace .with
I heating-up furnaces. : two forging - fur
naces, ftiur heaters, several. mold-dryinK
ovens and brick kilns, a few smithy fires
and a boiler : house with ejeven boilers,
was about .$21. nOO. of /which sum about
tH.«00 represented the cost of the j-torage
tanks. All th»-se facts concern Califorhtan
manufacturers if the home supply of.pe
troleum continues to develop according to
expectations. . '¦.- ¦ ¦.'¦ ¦'¦¦ '¦ •¦ ' ; !¦¦•" - :
On? of the noticeable features of .the
present period of oil production . In I this
State is the variation in th« prices -i-^r:
| land in the district?. In one of the Kern
County oil fields $1000 per acre,: has been
I paid fi>r oilland. and /as high as; $2090. so
I rumor says, has been asked for some.
! \Yi:h!n n. fow miles are thousands of acres
which are offered for $5. '..•:= •' .' ¦¦
The Los Anpelcs Oil Exchange has is
sued a circular providing that oomrais
! s ions shall be charged and paid upon all
I transactions, both purchases and saies. or
j upon contracts for the receipt of delivery,
of securities, etc. The commissions are
fixed upon the basis of J per cent on the
I props amount of the transaction, net. On
I no tranpaction shall the commission be
j less than ?L A penalty of $50 and suspen
sion for a period of not less than one
month is provided for th« first violation
of any of the rules and : expulsion is the
penalty for a second: violation. : ¦. .'• : .
The -hlph-wa'ter mark of speculation in
oil shares In Los Angeles was reached
during the past .wef k. One day the total
of listed and unlisted stocks sold on. the
California OH and Stock Exchange was
4S.200 shares, and the total of both classes
eold on this exchange was 5400 shares,
making a total of 53.609 shares for the day,,
the selling price of which was $14,645 75.
The greater part of the business Was done
in the California Exchange. : .; : : ¦.-¦¦..
Excursions to: the Fulltrton oil district
are now taking place.: Four coach loads
were cr.rried out one day recently, there,
being 210 excursionists by. count... Tlrey.
I looked at pumping wells, pushers.- pros
j pects and drank ice cold lemonade -at the.
1 expense of. the owners of oil properties
who have ptockfor salei, -\ .¦¦.-. ¦:...'¦¦
The San Diego Union isays thafeth* oil
I excitement has extended below the-bound-'
[ ary line between ! the United Sta.tes ; . and
Mexico.: . The- excitement : over olf'- has
grown so much belo.wf. the line that= ac
cording to the last -.i*p.oriE.; the e.atir^ coast
line, has been taken pr den<ruriced'-Xrom'
Ef-veral miles this i?id.e \of Descanso Point,
which . is : just below : ;the free zone, .al
most as far as Ensenada. .. de
nwncers declare, that therp.. are. oil in
dications all- along: the; coast.:' and''. that
they are : feaFonably. confident that .they
will find something of. value on the por f :
tiohs or: the. coast line which: they :hay«.
taken. : '.¦-"¦•'¦ v/-' : '.'• •••. : *. ¦ ": ; ;.; ",\~<:.iM: .'¦
As in: this country-, the right to prospect
for- minerals beneath the /surface: of .the
• fico.in rnusr come through;. the .^\4r.:E>e
r^ftrnerit; and most ot- those- \v'hqv jnptle
<1<nunfiat!cns have filed 'their applications
lor permission with the secretary of .that
branch of the. Governments Joe : : Man-.
r..'ts.=<>-. who, with a partner; James. Moor- :
ktr.s... lias, denoifneed from the .. southern
[end of the free zone; to about four miles
j :bc:low IV-scanso- Point,.- has ; received the
word, thiit :• the VTjncessions hav<e?
KTanUfJ urtiH that.lheyv:hayevtbe right : for
thrr-e months to prospect thfj'ehtlrc. coast.:
\yhatev.;r is found will belong: to- them,
jiist as min^s in this - country 'belong, to.
th« fimlcr..- ¦subject .only to . assessment
¦work an<l tb certain charg-es foT filing aiid'
proving" up claims. •';: .:: .¦.-¦>¦.¦'.".:¦ • ¦':¦
I Borins: for oil .has' fairly brffunVlri -the
Fan Fernando. c-ouh.try.-:One companv-fs
down 500 fAe>t with indications of oil. Other
comspivies li.-iva begun work in the netgh
boifcood.. ¦¦¦: ':.:¦¦'¦¦¦-¦ ¦¦'-¦ .•..;•¦:.¦'.;.¦• ,
. . «T; ' WlsendangCT has purchased of i Av- XJ- 1
and W. -H. Canfield an optlort on 3250 acres
of the-Purigsima rajich, near Uonippc. for
; according to- the ": Summerland
Advance-Courier. . l^xtettslve -..; mission.
huHding*. three fine farm houses -and
iarK<* . dairy : arid creamery, buildtpga j are
en the ranch.. Avmipeof asphaltum.;:aVul'
sonT? Indications -of oil caused th<s .pur
chase. ¦ •.•'.. • '•¦¦•: '.:'.;.•:. : -: .'¦-..'.,.',.
• The. value -'of an ojl weUin the Summer-
Jand field ia : estimate<J-.by-the- Advance-'
Courier to. be three times the net earning:
power in one year.. ••The : earnins:ppw§r:
of a Surnmerland well/*, says this paper,
"is about EO cents per day ¦leS3than its,
gTOss»>utput, the .\-alun of. the oil. to be
measured on the ground. ¦'. Thus a.Uiree-.i
OBJECT LESSON
ON OIL AS FUEL
IN METALLURGY
Petroleum Takes the Place
of Coal in Smelters
of Russia.
»
Special Dltpatch to Tte CalL; : . j
SONOMA, V^Jnne S-?.— Old Soncir.a will |
celebrate the ccnir.g Fourth of July';
as it has never before been cele- j
brated in that valley. The old flag !
will fly higher and the eagle will :
Ecrtcch louder than upon any other occa- i
eicn since the Bear flag was first raised J
upon the staff which still stands In the i
public j-!aza of the hi«toric town where j
the exerdse* are to be held and the fes- ;
tivfttea will t^ke place.
After a prayer by Rev. Mr. Buckner. a I.
hero of the <"ivil War. who retired from |
prnice at the close of the conflict cov-i
err d w;:h glory and bearing many honor- j
able eears. an opening address will be
aelivered h>- Hon. Rot>ert Howe,'iex-ben
ator and Speaker, of the Assembly, after
which a lew patriotic remarks wi}l be
made by \Y. ; O. Hocker, principal ; of. the 1
r= ir.orna'fchoois. to be followed by an ora
ri-on by -Benjamin -AVe^d of the high school
and Hie reading of the Declaration .of In
drp>ndc-nce::l)y O. P. Paulsttee. .principal:
of Jhe El Verano schools. The. "Star
epangled Banner" wilt be suns by : Miss
Natalia Haraszthy. the beautiful an<J
talented prandaaughfer of General: M. G. :
Vallrjo, that etanch friend of the 'United
States who has done'., so much ; lor this
country and for this coast. ¦ ¦-.•. ;.':"¦;: ••'•";,J
Other interesting features of the^ Cele
brauoTi will consist of a grand; bicycle
parade, with riders in fantastic costumes,
mounted unon decorated .wheels.". The
S<iu€dunks win, as usual o-nrsjich voc*>3
feions. be' jJtrongly In " evidence; ahiT' : 'the
iiheral Jc.ash prizes wtiich. .will /be off^cl
for .the : races 'ahd other ; eptjte'sts
will .tip doubt Vlnyite '•' rn.any . entries : -; jahtl
j^reatH- a^d ; .tp ;: th'e .intere&tVof .¦•ih.ewcete
ljratlo/n'i'^v^ V ! > ; - ¦'¦-.. :•' .'-. ¦ : ' I-.'.- - : - : S\ '':';'
Mr?/ CLaiifie UurUntiaine, ' *>ne 6t Sono
ma'S beautiful dtiuRhters, who has t>een
Fol-ectPd to represent the • Goddess of : Lib
crtyf :.wjlf al^o.deliveJr. a, patriotic ' recira
tlpij : in -the payOion. /before : ; the ¦'. daiiiiiae
errrnmZnecs.- ¦ ;:¦.¦¦-¦¦ -, .¦;. ;¦;. %¦¦':¦¦;¦ '¦'P-i ¦'¦',:¦
: ; Tiro , : inuf?Jc; for the occasion, which will
be .: f urntKhed : ' by . ; twfj : band* ' and-': '.&
large flircSestra, '••¦will' be under the'-'i!lre:e>
ti>r^hij>. of H. G.Max well, which is a'suf
ficient 1 eruaratrtee that this -feature- of ibe
affair, as well as all others* will be in
every. ivay a complete success. . v .;'.:.. .
Tracks to Be Elevated.
: CHICAGO,: jurvfe SO:-The: Pennsylvania
Rallroa<3 has notlfle?l Msiyor- Harrison,
through Its law department, that the com
pany. y>in accept the track elevation.ordi
nance passed by- the City. Council on June.
IS Th«i acceptance means the elevation of
l"0 miles of railway track within the city
li'm'tt? ot Chicago in* the next two years.
at a^ total ! cost* of about $7,000,0®. The
work - -Rtll involve the building of more
than a hundred : subways. . Besides tho
Pennsylvania rr>ad, .the Chicago and Al
ton, Aichlson. -Western Indiana and Chl
cago.Madi2.oxV and >'orthern are affected
bvthe ; ordinance. •¦:•;• •:-- ; : ¦;' ••:. •••
Edueatipnal Institu;
¦;':.;; ;.' J -'.-' tidiiNot ; C6nt rolie^ • by/ -. .' ji/.K
Prie&ts.
• 'MAKlIiA/^Juh^ .$O.^The • roJi-sectarian
"College. pt;T?rimaf y' aid SecflndpjyjEdiica
iiori.was idpcHedin'-.MajiJla jPrfday in ..the
presence! €>r. Jpdfee TaftV president of jhe
JeiViI ;^Comrriissiofl, : an<3i hi3:v;c<illea£ues.
iisnfrl<baii(Sa ¦'¦.'at the e>-6nt. j •'¦:••.•..':¦•.¦¦. : ; : .
i. : aSe^It>Ptit.btl6nj Jsvthe; first educational
ferite^prisie' lni'tbe Philippines that; .ts nbt
iin.dw: tiie control ci'C; th«r priests- ar.d that
looks f^r ¦isiibpbrt to. ihp... voluntary co-n
tri.buttcyn^ :of thrt' :p.eople^ :Fl\'e . bunarea
niitnls: have, already" t>e.en .¦ enrolled, oriel
manv ctiimrcn .a,T.e -leaving; the :.-schoQlsh .o.t
tlie 'priest!?. :.t;o/:eiiier- the :. college. : The
American educational departrnpnt supplies
text : vfai9£iHs op. .the; easiest conditions. •. ¦ •
COLLEGE AT MANILA
Citizens .Have Worked With a Will and Offer a
.Programme Eclipsing Anything -Ever
Seen in the Town.
HOW THE FOURTH WILL BE
CELEBRATED AT SONOMA
THE SAN FBASTCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1, 1900.
21
PRINCIPALS IN THE COMING CELEBRATION [I AT SONOMA.
napa soda; springs;
.¦¦¦¦'. UNDER NEW MANAGEMKNT. " •
AMWLLMANN. Kaps Soda Springs- P. O,
Keniiwoft^lnii-vMill^all^
•Thbroughly- renovated; ' JElee.tflc lights, bil-
liards. la\rn ten-nis. croquet. -Strictly: first class;
¦For; terms '.arply; to Mrs. P. .J. MARTINA.' '.-:
ELMaNTE HOTEL,
magnificent view and' first-.class accommaiia-
tlbhs." Large'.. sunny . rooms, -^pecja-l rates." to",
families... : Free. bus meets eve.ry train: £5 miles
/rota Ean Francisco. -.Fafe JV 65.i .. .• ? .''.• ,Y..- : ' : '"
SE HELENA SAMTARID31 .SSStn
Nap* -Valley.-- The Institution has all the ad-
.vantaees of a health resort as well as being a
fully' equipped' sanitarium. : Carriage ' meets all
trains at St. Helena.' Send for circular. Address
bT.-. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaL.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
THE WEEKLY CALL
¦ j* Ljfi '^'i.-jk^f^^-I ft "^ *4 to » nan -pois? r.orat
-*VfEtS6* ii^ s ©fcA:l reaeay for Gocorrlite*.
J&S&rCEnZiPti&i Gl^et. Sp«naatorrice%
f -V.'JV^ ia l to i isji. V.J Whitea. tanstci»! 33m
«'{< . G=sna:ced ¦ )y chorgea. or any icd.:~ ii*»
E?4>)g net «a nriatarx tion, , irritation or n..-or»
y» -»frj»«at» oeaiaciaii. tion ot m a e o C 3 Bisa>
wS?'lTi;iEii. 1 (3C l Jiir£JiCa Kon-««tjlagint,
-W^\:;nc:nU7i.o t&ki *° ia OJ Orucstst*.
¦ XSx&Z*. tr. - A >"•« ' r "•¦"* i:> ola:n <rn;;er,
J^KiTV,^ Jrf^*vl b ' eaprss*. prepaid, fuB
'i&k&ZT'-GPC^A Jico. «-' ' ; »>o::!-«. sirs. ,
v .^^<^^jn» v a UKUiw tars m* ia»iCS»
Sonoma Mountains/- Excellent ' accommodations
¦fbr- : farnUI«i and': sportsmen. - First-Class, table.
All kinds of dairy. produce. tFine spring water.
Hate? »7 ¦ ujk Send for circular. C. H. W.
BRUNiNC Santa. Rosa, CaK . . '-. . v .
\7f\dfZJUll r ff : : -:'.KH hours, from Fan
. Y UOLlUI 1. ¦— .Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route.- Stages leave '-Chinese Statist*
on line Sierra R., R. dairy; Round trip, from
Ean Francisco $35. .-For-ftirrher information call
ur. iddreis-WM.: J : WHITE. General Agent.
b30.Mr.rket st.'.- $; F,: telephene Main 51S2.' . •
THE WBkLESLEr,
California and ¦LarWn--.Sts-.; > San Francisco.
-. : ° BrrictlfFlret^Iaa's:/ Family .-Hotel.'.
.•' ' MRS; M. MERRY, Proprietress.. '• •. .
BOARD on fruit farm; fare SOe.^Box 51. Red-
wool City. • -
TOURISTS can get first-class rigs frcm H..A.
ELDRED. Uklah. for all summer resort*. 1 at
reasonable rates. Eag!e Stables. Tel. No. 161,
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTELrT^Sopund'
Unequaied soda: and magnesia, waters. Oood
for all- •¦stomach." kidney. ¦. and liver • troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For • terms
and particulars address O, HOWELL. Hopland.
Mecdoclno County, . Cal.- -:. . . -. .-. ¦
. '. .ONE OF; NATURE'S -. WONDERS. . .;'.
Natural' steam . biths,;.\-sw!mmlt:g, ¦ fishing;
hunting, and llrery. ' write. lor : pamphjet. . 1/
WERTHEIMEH;. Manager.. .•:;,••. ¦• - .
THE Tallroau House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing: reasonable rates. Headquarter* for tour-
ists and commercial travelers. .
• iu,* iL«j 5u# :£»-».-;.: ¦¦Bm*f-%M » JLm* ¦ <£3> f ; ¦
Lake' .Co-. ;¦ fine -ft>hing-, 'boating, ¦ bathlngt' and
• bunting; tni tb* heart .of the mountain*. ' The
¦'best- table- Jri-Lakfr" Co. . -.AddressO, U'EIS-
-' MAX, Mldiake P,;O.. Lak* Co.'; Cal. ' ". •. : .-
. | NDE FT E ND CNCE "LAKE
In the. heart of : the Sierras. .Perfect climate.
. fine fishing, eareellent ta We. magnificent for-
= 'estn0 poison oak. no pests... '¦ An Ideal spot
for families.'- See. '.^rhe Traveler" for partic-
ulars.'.. Opeii June" t. Address MRS. H. M-
CLEMONS. Independence Lake. CaL
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings;
comfortable rooms: good table: conveniens
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
KEYSER & WATSON. Hopland. convey tour-
ists tf> Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs and Lakeport. The best of turnauta.
ANY one desiring a pleasant summer's rest
in the country at reasonable rates would do
•".well to write tj A. N. PETERS, box 4:7.
Petaluma, CaJ. ¦- ¦
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS !&%£&
ittirlmca: «ew mahagem'ent: A place pf.-- comfort
alV seasons': 46 mttes from S. F.. ria Tiburon
ferry. '¦ R R. statlon'on hotel.- grounds: extch-
ViRTi Agua Caliente.- Cal., Long-distance phene.
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE- :
vyada, hear Colfax. .on .the C. P. R. R. Plain.'
qniet retreat : .finest :sceneTy_ • water.- ¦ mountain
air. fruttfand all-.the-sear-r.ound cllm.-ite in Cal-
ifornia: .-'ideal ? grounds and-sur/wnnding*: on
railroad;.' 136 .¦miles.;: Trom":San .Franciseor $8-;."a
week:' op'en.DU .year; send for. .booklet. :. Address:
• | ORCHARD S.PRIXGS;-Ch!cagq Park. CaU •
D^hard ;y5.priri"g:s;-
Thfc Place; for Rest . /arid vHcalth,
KLAIHATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county la
California. Trout lishlr.g— finest in tho atate —
Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty cf game In surrounding mountains—
grouse quail, deer and bear. EDSON BKO3..
Proprietors. Btawlck. Slsktyou County. Cat.
SANTA- CRUZ Mountains— A qnist ranch. n-»*
¦ miles from Santa Cruj; delightrul summer
home In redwoods: runnlrc water: abundanco
; fruit, good table; terms Si Z!) week. Addreu
: Tf. CRANDELL. Santa Crui. Cal.
The roost attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boatlns. bathins. bowl-
ine tennis, livery, new -walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMr.OLD
-.- •••¦¦• : .-. Laurel Dell. Lake County. CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, ewimmln*.
fishlnc tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling *lley.
coif link* good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. • Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco. R 00. Full I**"?"™ "kT.KL 1^. 0 ' 11 "-
JO Montgomery St.. er a DICKINSON. Lewee.
Ben. I^omond. Cal. : : ¦ ' ¦?.'-' ' ' ", ¦-
IN- THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
ROWARDENNAN
Iron and Majtnesla Springs. These celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Flshine: hunt-
ing- home cooking: yood beis: IS 50 to Jl'» week:
routes for housekee P t=g. MRS. H. UOPPIN.
Bartlett. SpTinrs. Cal- '
PLEASANT VIEV/ HOTEL.
v IDEAL CAMP LIFE. • . ' ' . .: '. . '.
-ForiuU in formatlcn,- hotel rates/ unique ar-
rangements for pamfclng 'a,nd Illustrated, pam-
phlets. ; apply*to ' : ¦ •¦.¦•"..•, .'...: . -.. --.• • :•.;.
¦ : •.:•..• • GEORGE "VV. THOMPSON.'-.
• I: " "--V : 6T1" Market :s;t..-. : San-.Fran.-l sco,- •
¦ ' . ¦ : '. . . • .- ¦ Or BANNING CO.. .
• . S22 South. Serins:;. j«t..Loif Anseles. Cal.. . :
: a 1 * • -Hours' - Kid* .From, Los Angeles. Cal.-
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS. IN THE WEST.
Second' Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament; auspices the "Tuna Cub." - •
¦ Seventh Season of. our. Famous Marias Band.
¦The Society Resort. :v ¦-..¦-.¦ ¦.:•••.. . -.
The Sportsman's Paradise." " ' .¦ •• • ' . V".
¦ HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always: open. Golf and. Tennis Tournaments. .
SANTA GATALINA ISLAND,
PLANTATION HOUSE—^W. r F «°<£
stage Hae. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk: free convey ance for parties ot
two or more: irrand redwood scenery. Address
J LITTTRIXGER. Seaview. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR KRU3E. 207 Front st.. for particular*.
D*,_.n.«« The Sanitarium t
OVrOn the Coast. Thebrv
¦j a. physicians recom
flOt. mend it as the onh
w cure for rheumatism
SnrflfinQ 3nd rn3iaria.
OIJI 1 1 1^1 3 7 Address A. BETTENS.
¦ . Mrr. Byron Hot Pprlnes". Cal.
¦ City Office. Rwra SO. T.K r^>rv rtr^tt.
r»Api QRAn MINERAL
UAnLoDAL/ springs.
Mo»t beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters)
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, ltver. klvln*y
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
las*: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W R McGOVERN. Kelseyville. Lak» Co.
Far from the chilling summer foers and free
from winds and dust end heat, SISSON TAV-
ERX'Wfl feet above the Sea level, on the ever-
Kreen --sippes of Shasta; ¦ Is the ideal spot for a
Biimrner' Vacation. Near it the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock.', around. It .a -wide
expanse- of meadows.. -above it- the . perfect
beauty of Shasta,. : - : ' • • .. .- «.. .'
¦ Far the idier— rest..- For the hunter^the- great
eame- of thp mountain?- For the angler^the
salnjon and the trout m. tb.«r;heaa waters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SOX'S DOOR. The tRvffrn; ts new and, fresh
ail>1 ciean. \rtth every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to. the door. Where
Natur°- Is her grandest; come- and learn how
prand her inspirations are. Ttates,. $10 to J12
per week' t2'5n per day. Guides and horses 'for
mountain climblrtif.- MRS. M. L. SIS3OX. Pro-
prietor; Sisson.. Cal. .. . .¦...••¦•' '¦•'¦ • '. : - ..
SISSO1N TJrt/V/ERIV.
Wherfe Shasta's summit, clad la. snow.
Smiles dovt-ft' on Nature's broad, expanse
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place In the world of thts class of waters
havlns contlnnous flow of natural warm water
direct from sprints to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; flshlns and hunting: crystal sprinsr:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April Uth.
J. A. REDEMCTTER * CO.. Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomach
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
world; 45 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. ond N. P, R. R. Klve special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. No foj:s nor polsro calc at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DON.VF.LU offlce 10I1H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to no.
\r \ f* f* C HOT SPRIXG3. SONOMA
OiV/A^JIVI^ County; only V-i hour*
from San Francisco and but n!ne miles ct
ftag'.ng; waters ncted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath in State; ?rand mountain
scenery, good trout streams at door; telephone,
telegraph: dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stage*; round trip from
San Tranclsco or.lv J3 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. J2 a day or
112 a week. References — Any iguest of the past
nve years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MTILGREW. Proprietor.
Pacific Coast : Steamship Co.; San Francisco
to Victoria. Vancouver, Seattle, . : Tacoma and
other ports of call, and return., li days' trlpw
San Francisco to Seattle and the. inland Pa's-
sase to Skaeuaj-, over the White: Pass Railway.
down the Tukon to Nome, returning by; bee'an,
30 to 25 days' ; trip: .-! - y ¦¦:::'. ...••¦•..
San Francisco Xo -Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator. July 21. via Juneau. Skaruayv Glacier
Bay : and the .Inland Passage, In slsxht of. Mt.
St. Elias ' vla:Unima>c J'aaaand Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the ' Arctic .Circle and passinz
into- the Arctic Ocean and- return;- about 40
days*- trip. ' : . : '- • ¦ .'-..: -•-¦¦¦
- Full • particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions.. TICKET OFFICE— i New . Montr
pomery St.. . '¦ • ' - - .: -. f. :••"¦"¦ • .. •»
OCEANEXCURSIONS
YOU GET
REST SPORT
COMFORT
At Hotel del Coronado
THE" COOLEST PLACE IN CALI-
FORNIA IN SUMMER. -
Last year the mercury reached
Fl decrees but once, and only for
half an hour. • •• . •
Get Steamer Rates ar.d Infor-
mation at No. A New Montgomery
St., San Franci.ooo.
. E. S. BABCOCK. ilanajjer.
Coronado Beach. Cal.
Th« waters ar» noted for their thousands o!
rures of Rheumatism. Gout. L«art and Mercurial
Pol»<<rilnir. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Keural-
jrla. X>yspepsla and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaint*. Hotel and cottasea renovated.
Baths refltted and Improved. MagrnlScer.e
s-faerr. del!shtful walks. Uuntine and fish-
Insr. No fop*. t'nequaJed for health, rejt and
recreation. Rates. $12 to Jit per week. Trains
leave Third and Town«end streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. daily. Carriaeea at Gllrov
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets addr«39
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS
Pan Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendoxne la Its most attractive feature-
Adjacent to LJck Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
reads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first daas
in every respect, with .service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery St.. Ban
FrancUco. or address
GEO. P. SNELU Mjrr.. San Jose. Cal.
•; tsjl. -.^~o.'~.. • .
OeOCOO«©CO50?>S©C»OO008©©©»OOfe©3O©e©GC€;eOQ9eG(
¦ ':' * .. __¦ ¦ ••_„'.'' *-' : _y^_' " " ¦ ' ¦ " iiniiM.t "' '¦ ¦'¦* •¦ "¦' ; ¦¦ '•' ' '" * ! ' '¦•" ' •": ' ¦¦ '•""' * : •" ' 4
>"!' \: ¦•' ¦¦¦,;;•¦•. ¦¦ : ' ; > ;•>.•¦•¦¦ :: *?' K' : 5 |V '. ; •• ':-.. / ; : ' •/¦;-' ; $.i* ~;:-i' : > v: <
1 -: ¦ S: - - ' . . * * . -"¦' :<
i "'¦¦' \. •.-.!.¦•¦ = : ' : - '.¦'•. ¦¦: . •: ¦:¦:'. ; A - :-¦¦.-.. .:•'.¦•: :; -'-: V- • ;V:i ¦¦¦ ' :; - *
i -:.-:¦ - ;-.- ¦¦¦ : .. ; ;v ':-¦?:¦•-.-•- ¦:.; '¦¦'/-'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ -r ¦¦¦/¦' "¦¦ ¦¦¦ ' ' /: . \: -i. ; ¦ . : ,; : ; . •¦ ; = :i: .«
i •¦! : ¦ r 1 - ;:¦••;•.¦ '¦.¦:¦•• -. : .-:-.:-: •¦'¦¦-; .:>=¦:.¦ -..' :..- =' ..:t;/ .•¦/ : . ¦;•¦.¦¦¦¦.'¦¦ -. O- : :: <
;. ; ; : ' , The:Organi2eri5;;bf the » '-'\\
'¦ • '- ' • ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '¦ - .'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦-' - : v- ; ¦ : : -:- ' : '.'. • ¦ •¦" .¦•¦• 1: .:;' ¦'•'"..'¦•' V- ¦ : ;•;" ¦¦¦' .-.- • '¦¦ <
'¦ ; -i^^^ ' •' ¦*( ' "® . ; : . • '.< ".® 1& '•¦ ¦J^^'- ¦¦'•'¦" •¦' *' -"': '"¦ ' ¦ ' '•• ' • : '
'¦: JHave^ arranged with 1 W' CALL FOR^IA "S^E^ DEPOSITv ANpj
! TRUST COMPAXY to; hold ¦.siifficierit securities in. trust for the piVr- !
'¦¦ chased of GphtrOil 1 Stock tb INSURE HOLDERS^OF THIS STOCK J
, ;AGAINST,LC)SS; '}¦/, ;•;:? >\ ; /. : ;.- ;; : :.-.-- .='•=; •¦ :; ". .;¦• .;•. .•;,:.'.•<
i { - That is toj say, if the Opliir Op Company shall fail, id produce oil in <
• -paying, quantities sufiicierit. to : : bring its. stock to par. value .(one dollar <
(: per share ) : V purchaser? will receive iback. with accrued interest, THE EN- <
1 TIRE: AMOUNT PAID IN BYjTHEM FOR STOCK. ; y ¦' . % ; J
| : The : securities, thus;. held in trust, are adequate, and; ; " ¦ ¦ : : «
J|||^||^^|B^lli||?ll|j
I •"'": >v Is as secure as a United States Government . /' J
! Banks, of Savings, for the reason that it J
I combines <
I.' " '¦'¦¦ ¦'¦''. -!• '•.'• '¦ '¦" ¦ -¦-'; ¦'¦''.¦¦ ¦¦ ' '. ' V\ m ¦ *ir 'i-jr-*. ¦''¦•¦"• '¦'•' :"•' ' ¦•..". ¦'¦•¦. .-'• -.'• '•¦ '!•*
; '":;-^ '.\ ': : ;:^V*^ i F^--' j P 1:Il 4 '^t ¦^Tf*M' l Q *<¦.'!.¦ ;-:'-:-.'"-" 1 -: > -l'-''---'i
I- : .; • ': There is tio : / t readin^.bet>yeirn the.Jibes? in 'this proposition. . / ;¦' : - <
afev e r hip p eds j Atp/ i h^ ; 0 p^i^ : MIS f Ci@i^Hy|f^0 U S| j
INVESTMENT IS SAFE. ) J
i; YOUXANNOT LOSE. ' U\
. .-:T; '-• ...: -'\ lasts it..cari •;be;.had.ifQr' " ,* . '¦¦ ¦ r L * J
¦¦ ¦; J.' -.K' : - /•, PAID and NON-ASSESSABLE. f , J
:¦ :.V- ";SoJd Only iri : blocks r of. $50O :: and upwaVid: '-.••:•.'.: '.,••. :•} " „"'... ? '. .;-'i:- : -.<
' ;,:.. jCommpii^Stock; u»s.ecured,:iGan-b« had : at. FIFTY, CENTS, per sHa|e|<
,'¦:'< in certificates -of twerityyi shares) and' oA-eV.; : .^; V:, • -j : .j \-V' ; ; \- ••/ o ° x *
; ;{ : ." . Repf eseiited iii - Saii Francisco by J.:P;;.MASSIE,*.. "• °;'- • V >/• • ¦ > •<
¦¦¦¦• .) '¦). '¦"'¦¦¦¦¦..': : '."-'¦¦ :¦.¦'¦'¦¦¦'¦¦. ) /Roqm .- : i4,-- Fifth .'Floor,: Mills, BuiWing: •..••¦-.'<
GRAPE-NUTS.^
CHANGE IN FOOD
Works Wonders in Health.
; It is worth knowing that a change in
food can cure dyspepsia- ''I decrn :t ray
GKty to let you 'know hox. Grape-Nuts
¦ food ha -cured me of indigestion.
"I 'Lad. been troubjed with it fpr years,,
until last year my doctor recommended
Grape-Nuts food'to be used every morn- :
ing. I folio-vved in>tructions and no* I
zin entirely Well. ' "'A. ¦'¦¦¦ .' •; .
"The whole family :. like Grape^Nuts. j
We use four packages a *reek. You are
welcome to use this testimonial as: you
see fit. I 2m williog to give any imor-.
mation to any one who desires itbfsee.
or urite me regarding * Grapc-Xuts.-'-
Pcspectfuliy. Mrs.C. K. Lovi^, 6Sl Par-
ker street. Roxburyv.Mass.- ; : | : : 'J .-';\
The reason Mrs. Lowe was helped by
the u«c of Grape-Xuts food: is that the
food is rredigested by natural processes
and therefore does not tax the stomach
as jhe food she had been, using; it also
contains the elements required for build-
ing up the nervous system. If that part
of the human body is in perfect. work-
ing order there can be . no dj'spepsia,. for
nervous .energy represents the steam
that drives the engine. .
When the nervous system is run down
the machinery of the body works badly.
Grape-Nuts food can be used by £nali
children as well as adults. It is per-
fectly cooked and ready for instant use.
Central California
PARAISO HOT SPBINGS, Carl8 A^ P ° i J o .
Monterey County. CaL — For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat-*
accommodations: beautiful scenery; profusioa
lit Cowers; hot soda, sulphur and electrlo
baths; •wimmlns tank 30x50 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's pl.iypround. croquet, lawn tennis and
dance ball: large hotel ard 30 cottages, afford-
ing epeclal accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third ar.d Town-
send streets. Pan Francisco. 9 a. m. ; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by «ta?» over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. J3. at 3.
P. offlce. «13 Market utreet. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAUL.T.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
Send for Illustrated Cata-
¦ -. . .:. Iccue?.
Bweaters. Jerseys, Golf "Vests,
Jackets, Leggrings,' Sport- •
. . •¦: • ¦[¦'¦ ine Goods.
At Prices to J
: |Suit Everybody»
(Alpaca, end ¦ Knltted>
Bathing: i
;.;:•¦ ;Lftdles\ '¦¦'. -.-- : - '
Gent's and Cfclldren's
Beaiitlful Xew Styles
103 Post St^'Neap Keiapny/ S. F.
CALIFOHHIA NORTHWESTERN R'Y CO,
Lessee of . San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway Company.
¦¦. . Tta Picturceque Route of CaMrornla.
POR THE
On TUESDAY anl WEDNESDAY,
: ;.. : .i . July 3 and <4 t
Round-trjp tickets will be told from San Fraa-
;•-: ¦ Cisco to al! points north oJ San Ita-
:'¦'.'¦'¦ ¦¦ ... tael at the rate of.
ONE SINGLE FARE
.'•-I '.....' As follows:
Petaluma $1 Oh, Geyservin* • *2 55
Santa Rosa 1 60i Cloverdale J 0»
Sabastopol 1 8»j Hopland 1 *>
GuernevllJ« 1 50i Uktah 4 »
Windsor 1 93( Sonoma. 1 CO
Healdsburg 2 25, Glen EJlea 1»
Lytton 3 4O>
Return Limit. THURSDAT, July 5th. 1900.
; On SATURDAY, SUNDAY, MONDAY,
¦ June 3Ctb. July 1st. July Id. Round trip tickets
win be »old from San Francisco to all points
north of San RaTael at ta» following RE-
DUCED RATES:
Petaluma fl Wi Geysernil* S3 Sj
Santa Rosa 2 *3i Cloverdala ? W
Sebastopol ......... 2 701 Sonoma 1 5-»
Guernevllle 3 73 Glen Ellen, 1 »>
Windsor 2 W Hopland 5 O>
Healdsburs 3 40 Uklah 5 »
Lytton ....JWi
Return Limit. THURSDAT. July Sth. 1500.
For further Information apply at ticket office.
€50 MARKET ST.. Chronicle building, or TIB-
URON FERRY, foct cf Market st. General
office. Mutual Life bulldine. £2 Eansome st.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass. Agent.
II. C. WHITING. General Manaser.
WHERE
CAiJ YOU" GO TVITH OXLT J& HOCRS
;- : ;;..-;.K ¦; ¦..;.". -::pF staging. ..¦-• ¦ ¦.. '¦¦¦
AJN'P ONLY ?S.0O FOR THE ROUND TRIP,
THAT WTLL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT^
THE JUSTLY ' CELEBRATED AND BEAT7-
¦ ¦:--¦•..¦ .-;¦¦-¦ .;:¦• tiful ¦:¦:¦¦.¦:¦•¦..-':¦:.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING mix blght» of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. BowOasr. Cement Swlmmlnp TanH3.
ACRJIS of: Shady Groves; .-and MII-E3 or
Shady. Walks. .... -J-VV '. : ' : ; /;..;:;'. /.-<:' '.
Finest Deer Hunting: lathe County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and \apor
Bath*. /Cpld Mineral Plunges.. ¦ •.--...¦
• . ;/> ;.*•>': COMPETENT , . M A5S AGISTS. : •';.;'
¦ Nunieroui -Miiitral •¦JBp'rlne»: >: «« ¦ xr °° <1( L r^]
Curative Properties. Larse Cool Rooms. U«hteil
by .Electricity;- . ' •' "•¦ -. -' '.:' > - '¦;¦¦ ¦'¦ -.
Call on LEE I>. CRAIG, r.S Montgomery «t-.
or address CRAIG & WARNER. Highland
.gprfngg. Gal. ¦ ;' •¦¦;• -. ¦¦ .-.' . ; ¦-:' ... -
GRAND BALLIOHOTEL6UESTJ
' . Musio by Fuhr'8 Family brciMtr*. ¦
• Rotind trip tickets. {5 SO; .oa sale July
i, 3. 4: ccod to July 6. i .
Further particulars F. IV. ELY.
City office. 640 Market. Tel. Red 233J.
otto g ne.vKft.c-Bor' t***? /L OBVCS< * >:
r'*-':y'-~:i .'-i':.-'- •'.''". .'¦""•¦•'-, ""':•»;••.•' : '.'-^~-'-<\'!~ - ; : -' : : : .'l'c' -,;r-V -:•";¦¦¦¦ V: ;".¦•'•'¦ /.':-:: -.'. ¦'- ¦•.:"•:/•' •¦ '¦ ':<r(-
/-:^l:'-'-v-; ! v^:V^ v -i\ 'i.'V!' •?¦-'.• .'¦¦ : :'-- [ : .••.t-/" r -"- : "^ : .'.---'> : -^-V - : If':. '.:•:.¦; ¦'¦'¦¦ :-V-o
ii'?'" v. ;.; ' : ; :;••'¦; '.< r .i ¦:..., .- j: ' : -Y ¦'..'¦¦¦;. ,_•;-,-' ¦-..).. ¦[ ':.'':,'r.-'-l '-¦¦.==¦¦ '= ; '¦ ..'"'"•' " :: ¦ : '-'' :'"••¦¦ -V : v-' : ' <5
Diseases and Weakness Cured, |
It is the rankest sort of folly /f!* 3^ " p* 0t "' s^>. f~ m \ B
i fa \ iinagin&ihaila weakness or an : *J ; m > -< : * : ¦ Y*^-l S^
[jpwZwe/i/f : --jkfjft-}'g?f\ ¦'**$ without >^% : '^i^ : JJS^*^£' : & '' *&]& &
proper: treatment^ Itli i pQth dan* ¦¦¦^*^S^/-V''^^^"''-''^^; : '^» : ' <^^^^- : S\
igerou&.a^ '^f^^l W- f^^H/ S
* with Inexperienced: doctors or .to \ ¦ •^l^N-fc; "*',\£\ 1 |?^^if i*'' 0
attempt to cure yoUrselfcmth free -'.'¦. -^^w •<Sv^ ''^^^^W'M.i^ 'f^Sb * »
: ifiali1redfment0/mieni Unedir iV^k^S 1 '^f^SK^^MSr^ fcf* H '^-R'
\ cines\^e/6cfr/cl beJis^pr^tlier ;-"i^3^^ ! l£^^^: %'
dangerous; stimufanisM.. ?£. : -'« .•:••.;> : 7^.^^^ t q q\ '¦-.*. ¦¦¦': ¦¦fUBSS^*' - r . pr
; ;.:'¦:¦:/ .•¦.<:*¦ --; : l .. : ! '~ :T-\-.-} ¦:.-.:".• :'-V-' ; ¦::' ?/,;¦¦ :-- : -. ; .'[ : '-;\ : -':}. : :yl : ':'^ :; :Z':i/'-'0-
' . ! "'!>-.?*r' /iFp'r nt&tiy:. *2p' : years ••vv^e-.h'a^e 1 been; curings contracted-diseases ; -^'.:,":.:!^:
¦ -.: i^Vidi' rneri^- irtQludlng contagious hloqd poUon •'.'also: lost :-vitanty,\.;;; . "; ££
?' ; ; -v: •• : :.gene ra -l; " "apdVI-lnferyOus-rldebili^^^CQcelc, r.up^re i -5trict.uTe,--Y;i- - :: S
: ; :'>. :i: ' pileisv. diseases' :of the' kidneys;;/ bladder,..etc. ¦ ' :: -i; .¦:;-.' '¦'^-¦¦': .<¦;• -';^ : - : ;...'; ' : g-
'¦: .^%;Ky\Ve are 'Specialists; lnJ'Guring; these aa^eiif5.-'-W : c'cjire:at"'anyv : j ¦•' :^'-M;
' : L . : -:' : stage : 6f the : disorder/ and restore : the patients as:qttickly : as is .: ; ' '¦¦¦ ft
:- : rV'T. -.>"'¦- cortsistent ; j.w|th ; ;a .pfernaancfit-qufej.i ;Ouf;re^ediesj'.isthich;::iaJc: -; /¦;¦, ,g
'•.= •.; : V aiwayy ; :eff<|j:tiVe, biit;arc ;: rie.y5r.' harmful,. ¦are-furnished; free' : to>-;' ; ; .. S
; .; : -. •-. biir : pajferiis: from piir. owii: pnvate'laboratoo'l.^" '.;•:¦',• : 'j.";:=-" : V ;; : :'' Vo:
'..?..-; .:yV ; -'Payrhehts : rhay.;b«i'.:rnade^. monthly jor-. after ; a perrnan.ent.. cure :¦• . '. -.' &'.
•: X%- 1 ::\ iV effected-: : Priccs.' reasonable to ri;ch,and.-p6br: v> %'i'y-A '¦'¦'.$'*';% . ;: ' &
\.f^ •:'/.¦.: G6h|iiltaticin an^iadvjce'freeat^ur office; or; by rriaH. 'Full •;: .; ; |5
•- i'V-^-.irifdrnritiiph private . bo.oi:;V.seaiedy; :free:. ; -;Hotne :"-";£ r ' ¦ o
;". '¦'/>. :..-¦¦'.' Cn;rc'$ ia; specialty. ..Remedied sent-fcy njail; or-; express'.;^ ¦ -.rf :/',;::¦ —X '/'•) ~
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•If you desire a vacation of complete rest
and 'recreation. «v;th good health, the coxy
SARATOGA SPRINGS
will suit' you exactlyi. Booklet, j _ • • ¦'
• J MARTENS. Prop.. Hachetor P. O..
Lake Co:. City. OTflce ; . 41S P^ne street. . ¦••The Board of. Publip Wprks reicommehd
edto the Board of Supervisors .yesterday
that Ivan Treadwell -and" others fate -grant
ed an extension of one. year's" time' from
August 18 -within: which; to;, complete the
work of : grading" and macadamizing cer
tain streets in the Ashbury. Heights^ dls-
Street .Work;." Time .Extended^
Ronnd-irlrv -transfer "tickets! -on ual« »t
any of our office*, i One trunk Crou/ncT trip),'
M centa. : • Morton .Special ; Delivery; . 40S
Taylor Btreet, &Q Market street.; Oakland
terry depot."- '. : ;>'-': ! • •¦ i •'*..• -. ¦*¦•- *••
Notice to Fa3sengerft.
EXCURSIONISTS
TO LAKE TAHOE
. The Southern". Pacific announced yester
dajv afternoon' that- excursion tickets- to
Lake. Taho'e . and return- would':-.be placed
on : sale • in. ; . Sarr JFrnnclsco-, ' Oakland and
Alarrieda: . on Monday/ ' Tuesday and
Wednesday, July 2, : 3 "¦ and : 4, for 110-SO.
These tickets will inciude. rail transporta
tion., to'-: the lakfr and Steamer, trip- : aroiind
the. lake, -with- stopover.' privilege at pleas
ure .at any pf i the resorts; As the return
trip may be delayed, until Friday,; July 6,
the- oppdrturtity is afforded- for a four
daj^s' x-isit anywhere -on i tlie';lake: at one
of trie, lowest and most. terhptirig\ excursion
rates : that can reasonably be riiacle by
transportation' companies. ./. • V • . • .-
ANDREW UDEN GETS -.
• r : AN INVOLUNTARY BATH
Thomas and David Crowley Arrested
for Throwing- Him Headlong
Into the Bay.
.Andrew Uden, a sailor on the revenue
cutter Hartley, swore to a complaint in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Thomas and David Crowley, the
well-known boatmen, on a charge of bat
tery.. ..They were arrested and released on
$20 cash bail.
The cutter was lying at section B of the
seawall yesterday morning. She is receiv
ing a. new coat of paint, and when Tom
Crowley rowed alongside yesterday morn
ing Uden warned him to look out for the
paint.. Crowley called Uden "a . d— d
Swede," and Uden became belligerent, as
Crowley Is the smallest man on the water
front. While they were arguing Crowley's
brother Dave came alongside in his ga?o
line launch and joined in the discussion
about the paint. Then there was trouble.
"Tom hit me. on the neck." said Uden.
"and knocked me down. Then they both
grabbed me and threw me overboard. I
tried to get on board, but they would not
let me, and I swam to the cutter Golden
Gate and was hauled onto that vessel.
After I had exchanged my wet clothes for
dry ones I went to- the harbor police sta
tion to get the Crowleys arrested and was
advised to swear out a warrant."
G^S ENDED: THE LIFE ;: :
•j dl 6iF RICHARD :WESTPHAL
The Key 'Was Loose and May;' Havs
¦ i • Been' Turned: by ; a' ; " • ; ; ¦;
•' '¦¦.;¦'¦ ¦¦¦. Towel. '¦¦• '."•¦.:¦ ,:'" ':-¦/.
Richard Westphai, an old man who
earned :a scanty livelihood by ''cleaning
windows and doing odd jobs of : gardening-,
was; found dead yesterday in a shed in the
rear of 522 Ellis "'streets The gas. had been
turned. on and Westphai hadleen asphyx
iated. The little . room In which he died
had been his sleeping place for : several
weeks, Mrs. B. J; Whitesldes of. 522 Ellis
street having given him the use of it In
return for his services in cleaning win
dows. : •' • . .¦¦¦-.-.. ••:: ••¦
The fact that he never used the gas
when retiring and that the window was
tightly closed, contrary tohis usual habit,
are indicative of suicide; but the- key of
the gas burner was so loose that the gas
Could be turned on with tho lightest touch.
A towel which Westphai had used in dry
ing his face had been; thrown across the
gas bracket and may have turned the key
of the burner. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ••
Westphai was 75 years old or there
abouts, and was. believed to be a native
of England. The remains were taken to
the Morgue and an inquest will be held: :
Rates for July 4th.
To accommodate those desiring to spend
the Fourth in the country, the California
Northwestern Railroad has established a.
rate of one ¦ fare for the round trip to
points bnit8 line, good going July 3d and
4th and returning July 5th. . This affords
special opportunity for those desiring to
attend the- races at Santa Rosa. '
Parcels From New Zealand.
The Postofnce Department has entered
Into, a parcels, post convention with New-
Zealand, to take effect .to-day. Packages
of - merchandise not exceeding eleven
pounds In wel»ht may be sent to the
United States from- New Zealand through
thq mails.. subject to customs regulations,
the:rate of postage . to be- 12 cents per
pound.. '¦¦]'¦ • •• . .' . ¦'•¦ •• :•
Sale of Land Ordered.
James Porter died in Sonoma three years
ago, leaving a large estate of real and
personal property, and left no will. -He
left no known heirs. In the Probate Court
the Judge found that the real estate was
expensive to maintain and properly man
age; that the orchards and vineyards
could not be leased to advantage because
there was no house> on the land. However,
the lower, court decided that it had no
right to order the sale of the land as re
quested by the administrator, T. G.
Young. The latter appealed to the Su
preme Court, which yesterday directed
that the lower court order the sale. ;
THE large establishment "of; S.'N*. :
Wood & Co. at -71S Market .strjeet-. will,;
be extensively improVefl. Plan^ hayfe.
been .. prepared; by- architects'- which'-,
will result not,. only. Iri 'beautifying . the ;
building exteri6rly on both -Market; and :
Geary streets, but! will also provide: ele
gancies and conveniences ¦ lit- the interior.;
of the building commensurate to the: rapid
and enormous increase of the. business' of
this sterling house: -The
picture Illustrates the . appearance ."of. -.the"
building when: the projected work- shall;;
have been completed; • The,Mar|;et-street:
and Geary-street, froritaees-.will.be siml-;
larly finfshed. Magniticent. plate-glass,
windows will furnish a. flood ..pf . light for,
the great Interior spaces on the two: ftoors. :
Metallic ornaments, will heighten and em
bellish the general effect. -. : .v : ¦¦?¦<¦ -:\- .-ir- ¦ ;
Many thousands ot'dpUars. will- be ex-,
pended, ¦ the purpose- being- to.' brfns "the •
structure fully abreast of th.e general im-;.:
provement of . the .city's: great artery ; of ¦
trade. The interior; will . be; arranged "to ;
add a great department fpr : children "on'
the second floor, .As adjuncts :there : : will - :
be provided ladles' receptjori rooms, a :re- .
ception hall, toilet rc-orris arid lavatprtes.:
Four thousand square feet, of : s.utier|lcial
space will be included' In the : children's',
department. . • ¦ ':¦' :••.••..'•" ¦ ..' J:.'-H ..'•
Electrically lighted arches, beams. in the.
ceiling, handsome paneling -and wainscot
ing, art glass. -a modern . elevator : . and
other accessories will render this- depart
ment one of the handsomest; :-:mosv com-,
plete and brilliant halls of trade --'ih the.
United States and unequaled by, any fstm-;
ilar department west of New York.- ¦ -.. ¦
The explanation of .the improvementsr is'
twofold. The business of S. N. .Wood ¦¦'&'
Co. demands greater facilities, and .these
will be provided. The other reason is ffrat-
this, enterprising "house-. Is determined, in
.• all.:, things to- keep fulljr:. abreast- ¦writh the
advancement. of- Sari Francisco.-; . •- " ¦ ¦" •
¦ -.;.-• The" phenomenal growth : of: the business
.: 61 S.. N.Wood & Co. has been one? of the
: wonders of the ; past few years, in. business?
; circles. ' TheiV' if! r«?t store in- SaCii P.ranciscp:
• M'&$ strictly . wholesale! .^This'. was On-.Plhp
¦:;strfeet.- •¦Grjpwthvcauseqi A removal £q7Bft.s£"
¦; some "street, . ofte'-' of .'severjil*.. pucct'ssjve
;mows, all made. inecesfiary py fQason-of
¦ -p ;ro'g-ress.r; The JSariS'oni.e-street store. Was
:; -.also : a whtSlesale establishment.: and . the
•¦: clothings was irianufactured :in- the Jvew
-, 1'ork factory- "of 'the-.- chouse:.' Ahout six
¦ year? ago. the wholesale, tailoring business
» waiilopened in .a store on Markftt street,
• near?Sans:ome, Snd -there Was the growth
... icustonjary ito tlrts.' wel| r dire.cted:;bual.nes3
-.: th<?re. • A- Dranci. was Qpeiiefl on Mon.tjfQjri-
ery street, and another rat-, the corner ; of
; : Powell and. Eddy: streets. The lattpr store
i is ptHl, dciing'/.a" thriving business. '. :?. .
'; =. .Xiateri-whe'n- the Golden : Rule* -Bazaar
; irempved tq ;the -Parrott . building; .S : . N/
. Wood' & CoV refltterl at: large expense the
;. buflding whicH.-they -how occupy,: at 718.
;i-Ma,rk(|.t. street, and put Jn a full stock- of
1 ¦'¦readj-'-riiade clo.thing- In' flddi'tlon/to their;
¦: .wholesale tailoring -business..- . Sopit after.
. the.y' added- • .three •: departments— hats,:
: men's', furnishihsr goods and •ch.ildfeii'g
' xilpihlnsr.'; Late. Mast, year -they '.fitted. 'up
; . ,thelr;chlldr:en's-,departmen.t on the' second
: -floor, using aU.-the^ space that was th^n
available : .f or .the purpose. Toe popularity
of that move. Has madeianother extension
imper?itive'.'.. • • >;¦ '-¦ •. : 1: •• ' '.' . ' ¦¦ • -.-.
. s;': is*. \Vood. is. thb! : father of thehoti.<5e.
He retired.- from active" duties last ypar.
The Ban • FrahciBco •¦.house has since bt?«n
managed by Meyer:. Wood arid. AJL.. P^y
.sers .while', the IS ew -York house has been
managed by nchja,min/U'6od. . Tordaythe
firm is rnahufactMrtng everything. In men's
suits and pveropats and children's clath
lng>-:.; , '"V -;• .< ;•¦•; - : ¦; ¦: ..' •¦¦..¦
Major Juilliard Succeeds Himself.
Elections : Are Oraered — Many
Changes in First Regiment
of Infantry.
: — r-*~. . : :. -.¦ .-.--.;
There has l>ceh a meeting of the oflicers
of the Fifth Infantry and it was decided
that the regimental camp that has been
asked for shwJl be held .in the early part
of. August, and it was also decided that
the July target shoot will be held during
I thi; present wetk. The regiment had at
I the time that it fixed the date for tho
camp assurances thai the commander, in
chief would give his consent for such a
camp, and it. was also stated that there
would lie a brigade camp of the brigade
commamled by General Muller. A. dis
patch from Sacramento, however, has up
pet these placs, for that asserts that the
j commander in chief has decided that
j there art* not to be any camps this year.
Official notice of that announcement has
not yet been received in this city. .:
The headquarters of the assistant ad
jutant general. Lieutenant Colonel J. F.
Hurgin «f the Second Brigade, have been
removed to the California Hotel, and the
assistant adjutant general will enter upon
the active discharge of the duties of his
office about the 16th inst.
Orders, for elections have been issued as
follows: Major Filmer at Company A,
for election of a captain, vice Connolly,
promoted; Major Connolly at Company
.M. for captain, vice O'Neil. promoted;
Major McCreagh at Company B, for cap
1 tain, vice Filmer. promoted; Captain
! Sutliffe at Company D, for captain, vice
j McCreagh, promoted. These elections
have been set for the night of the 10th
inst. in the First Infantry Armory.
Major Desbrqugh will preside at an elec
tion for tirst-and second lieutenants of
Company I, Second Infantry.
Lieutenant Colonel Peeler, who has been
on special duty for several months, has
asked to be •retired.
Lieutenant. Colonel Charles J. Evans,
signal officer on the division staff, has
been • granted thirty days' leave of ab
sence with permission to leave the State.
The resignation of Lieutenant A. de
Tohe of the Fifth Infantry has been ac
cepted.
Major L. ;W, Juilliard has been elected
major in. the Fifth Infantry to succeed
himself.
Thirty-six field ovens of the Donnovan-
Meyers pattern have been distributed to
the Second, Fifth and Sixth regiments, to
the Signal Corps of the Third Brigade and
to troops A, B and C
E. G. Hunt of Company A of the Fifth
and Captain Goodell and Lieutenant Petty
of Company C of the First Infantry, re
cently elected, have passed the examining
board. .- •¦•'•¦: : -.
In penrral orders No. 6 of the First Reg
iment of Infantry the following appoint
ments on thestaff of Colonel Victor D.
Duboce, the regimental commander, are
announced: - : •
Private Walter J. Buttgenbach, Company B.
to tj* battalion perseant major, vice Zobel. dis
charsw<i. Quartermaster Sergeant Henry Le
m<»tyer, Crmpany I, tn be cnlor sergeant; Ser
gfant William P. Maher. Company M. to be
color sergeant, vice Paul and Curran. dis
charged, respectively. Private Geonse Wj Hol
li»t<"r. band, to be chief musician, vice Cassaea,
discharged. Musician John von Staden, Com
pany I. to be drum major, vice Ueardon. dis
charged. Musician Julian Altken. Company A,
to be principal - musician, vice Gibson, dis
charged. ¦ ¦'¦ ¦. ..*...
The following changes In the regiment
are also noted in- orders:
TTpon the application of the commandingr of
1 fleer of Company C, Sergeant James H. Mc-
Knight. Company C, .is reduced to the ranks
for neglect of duty. ••-..: ...'.' . . .
At his own request, approved by his conr
pany commander. Corporal William Hinrglns,
Company.. F, is. reduced to ¦ the grade of pri
vate soldier.
At their own request, approved by their com
pany commander. Quartermaster Sergeant John
F. Norton. Sergeant R. J. Dowdall and Ser-
K^ant O. C. Baldwin. Company G, are reduced
to tlie. ranks, and Corporal Victor J. Anderson,
Company G, is reduced to the grade of private
soldier. . : V. .-..,-
I'pon the application of the commanding of
ficer of Company K. Corporal Henry k- Det
rlck. Company K, is reduced to' the- grade of
private soldier at his own request.
, Upon the recommendation of their company
commander the following promotions and ap
pointments are made In Company C:
Corporal Willis F. Unfred is promoted ser
ceant. vice Ross, commissioned eecond lieuten
ant. Privates Frank L. r>oeing and Robert C.
Dunbar are appointed M-rgeants, vice D. E.
and G. E. Lawtnn, discharged, respectively.
I'rivates Frederick W. Held. Frederick F. Car
pon. F"rank J. Kane. Harry W. Fawke, Charles
J. McDonald and Lyndon W. Grant are appoint
ed corporals, vice Hunfi&eker, discharged; Hol
lis, reduced; Harris, discharged: Swltzer. dis
charged: Frederick, discharged; and Unfred,
promoted, respectively.
Cpon the recommendation of their company
commander the following promotions and ap
pointments are made In Comparty F: Corporals
II. W. Doscher and H: I). O'Brien are promot
ed sergeants, vice B. Hawks and B. H. Hawks,
discharged, respectively. Privates William Co
hen, C. St. Clair Cleveland. Gus Gembella and
M. A. Nathan are appointed corporals, vice
Posoher and O' Brlen, promote*! : J. G. Hawks,
discharged: and Hlggins, reduced, respectively.
I'pon the recommendation of their company
commander the following promotions and ap
pointments are made In Company G: Private
Claire F. Knerr is appointed quartermaster
sergeant, vice Norton, reduced. Corporal W.
W. Thompson is promoted sergeant, vice Dow
dall, reduced. Private A. S. Hatfleld Is ap
pointed sergeant, vice Baldwin, reduced. Pri
vates John M. Noonan. William Menzell. James
W. Galbraith. Thomas G. Bantz, Stanley G.
Stewart and George Atkins are appointed enr-
I«orals. vice Thompson, promoted: Anderson,
reduced; Hirst, discharged; Slmmle, discharged,
and to fill original vacancies, respectively.
t'pon the recommendation of their company
commander" the following promotions and ap
pointments are made in Company I: Corporal
Sara J. Glllis is promoted first- sergeant, vice
Corcoran, commissioned second lieutenant.
Corpornls Henry Stolzenwald. Clarence A. Son
and John C. Capnelmann are promoted ser
ceantB. vice Sheahan and Ahlborn discharged,
and to fill original vacancies, respectively. Pri
vates Geortre Sheldon. Henry Castagnino. John
H. Liddle. George B. Xewbury. John Hale and
Ignatius C Salituri are appointed corporals, ¦
vice Stclzenwald and Son promoted sergeants,
Mathewson commissioned first lieutenant,; Cap
pelmann promoted sergeant. Gillls promoted
first sergeant and to fill original vacancies,,
respectively. . - ' .-.¦:; '•• •• .
l.'pon the recommendation, '.of their company
commander the following promotions, and ap
pointments are made in -Company. K: • Private"
Frnnk N. Surton is appointed sergeant, vice
Cohn, (discharged. Privates Walter E: Kemp,.
John H. Markham and Charles J. Mil-nil ..are"
a|>polnted corporals, vice- FIckett, HoeJina -and
Myers, discharged, respectively. '' '•.:'¦". . ..' •
I'pon the recommendation of ' tnefr fompany
commander the following .appointments . are
made in Company L:.. Privates B. Mr- Clancy, •
Thomns A, Marlowe, and Peter J.; Finn are ap-.'
I»olnted sergeants.. vlceV Burlespn, .Grundmen :
and Baird. discharged. : - respectively. ¦ ;:Pri\-atea
D. N. Ropprs. .E.v. II: :Sengstack,- George H.
Koerner. WIlllani.iA, -.Louis and Herman! Q.-
Stindt are appointed corporals. rtc*» Leffmanh,
Coleman. Xralmerarid Krsiae- discharged, and
to fill original vacancy,, respectively:: ; (''-¦' : '¦
Since the iKuance; of: prevjous order
thirty-three men ;.have been: discharged
from the regiment as follows: .On ac
count: of removal.'22;:terrn- expired, -3;- ex-:
empt 6; pood of .the-. service, 2* "¦•¦..•' :: ' .
The : fojlbwinfr transfers to the band of
tb^refriment. are' announced: • p^ivate^
Gene M,. Simpson,' Company A: "Alexan
der. S. ¦¦'. Iypss, ¦ . Cotnpany - ¦ A : Edmund ; L. ¦
AVbrthi- Company:. . B; i John • F. -vliawson, '
Company H.Eugene Harw<>od. Company
I: Asa S..-Trew. Company I; Harry Pay
son. Company- 1: Gu? Foht, Company 1 M;
Arthur :\Vi. 'TZlgeloyr; Company: M.:. : -_ . ¦"• «¦;.
Fifth Regiment Arranges
for the Monthly Target
Practice. '.
NO CAMPS FOR
GUARDSMEN THIS
YEAR, SAYS CAGE
Customs Coltector Jackson: made several
promotions and .changes yesterday. Ell's"
A. rHplines was transferred from a $4 per
diem ¦ inspectorship "_; to - the clerkship in
the Custprn-h<>use made? vacant by the ap
pointment : of Samuel, q. Porter as chief
clerk^ in. the tTni ted States ' .Treasury. Mr.
Hdlriieg _.wiii/refc'eiye iri his hew position a.
salary;: of $1400 per ahrium— a: loss to him of
$60. a. year by. the promotion,; but he has
gained by being: taken from: the depart
ment:immediately. under Surveyor Spear
to' the/: area '.:of :. the Collector's direct- and
personal. 1 Influence, and will be thus -In the
line of prt>motloh'toa. better salary and'
easier work. Mr; Holmes was Deputy
Surveyor of the Port for a while and
gave general satisfaction, but he Was de
graded, in -rank. to: make room for Chaun
cey M.: St. .'John,; the present deputy.-' '¦
In Mr. Holmes", place Frank T. Halpln,
guarding inspector,.. vtas' appointed, and
Mr.-Halpin's place has been fllled by the
appointment of C.. J.. Benniriger from the
eligible list. The place of pischarging In
spector "Thomas C: Eager, who has gone
to Cape .Nome on active years! leave of
absencei has been fllled by the appoint
ment of' E. L.. Chaloner, guarding in
spector; ';¦ A.r K. Sheets from • the eligible
Ust> has- been appointed • ifi Chaloner's
place/.- ?'••¦•;.• 5 V." ~"»".;-i?' T ;v. •-'/•¦. : :' : . ¦""-.":- ¦¦ •":'••:*:
; ..The v name '.of .F. A. Suydam has been
dropped from the list after he had served
¦th.e::pr6batipna'ry terjn of six : rriontha. Mr.
Suyda'ni passed 'a' civil- sers'ice examina
tion at Salt Lake. for the position, of clerk,
but.he . was" assigned; to this .city instead;
Mr-.; S-pydam isa cripple .and theauthor!-'
ties -have decM.edVthaLf-. by reason of his
physical Infirmity, he is not able to per
to^rn ..satisfactorily the duties ..of ; ah In
spector: .In. his pfacfe Laurentz Lorenzen
ha^ been appointed.:^ Mr.. I^drenzen is a
veteran of the Civil AA'ar.-: . ' .' • ¦ -.¦¦¦¦ -
<3eorge : - B.. . Edgar has been appointed
ClefH, class- 5, .he having completed hjs
six. months' -probation. -The salary is $1000
per.-yeaii: • ¦¦ ... •.-•.::• .,¦..' .¦¦'¦- . ¦;.-:. ' . ' • " : • .
Inspectors^ Moved fUp. by the Collec
..- j ; tbf,,;6iie Stricken Off and : Sonie I
¦ :.-,-; Vacancies Filled From the ,* •
| '&t}f : ¦¦ ';¦'= Eligible ]IAst:^:- ; -\ U ffi]
Ellia •¦ vHolmes^ Advanced a
. Step in the Line of . ;
; " Promotion. . 1 1 7 .;;..;
CHANGES MADE
IN THE CUSTOM
HOUSE FORCES
¦" .There were three deaths during thb voy
age. Frank. Clayton,, a discharged soldier
.end' prisoner, late musician of -.Company
B," Jf metjee'nth Infantry, iwas'.tak«h aboard
at 1:30 p.'.ra. ' JiiJie 1. and died two hours
later.:- Death was : due to -acute. alcoholism
arid exposure. '".?•• ' : . • . • -.' :- .'.¦•»'; • ¦; ¦¦¦"' ¦•¦
.Henry- B.."Bryah,.'-|t paymaster's clerk,
died on June 5 : from s acute .alcoholism
arid Tiephltls. :Lr.- K. Bryan of 19 South
Gdodwln street, .• Rochester,-. N.- Y_ -is- a
relative,- "«.,-. •:..!-: •¦.-..¦.
• -Patrick J.; McMahon ' of Company H,
Twenty-second ; liif ahtry; died J une '¦¦ 26
: -.HospUal ; .r corps.: ;on.-: duty— Hospital Steward
Adam . Korn, . Ac.tlngr .' Hospital Steward .- Joseph
•Fllck.f ActlnK Hospital- PtewardTJieoUore- Dow
dall, ifJriVatee. Joseph -R: Martin,-. . Pascal "VVJ1
liam?.:-Aaron V>V'McN>lt>V: Otto' Slater, Harry
Western, Ge<5rge H; - Schall, Freeborn. S.-Garrl
sbn." ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦'>'•¦¦: :¦:'¦>' -¦"•."•!'/: ' ?.v -. . ¦'•¦•'•:...'
' : 'Sick soldiferB— Sergeant Perelvat Stauffer,-Pri
vates i Richard A./.Wefas.ter.-Jame^ A; McGirk,
Harrjf N.-HauJT,. John ; Gelb : r Jotin- K. JjqhhBcin,
GeorRe W. Tweeddal.eV : John Jensch; Cecil :A.
Graham. Charles Vernon, Henry. H. Hallowtty,
Emery Ha.thaway, ; John ."Lavifhran; Oweris' B.
Stlnson. George L;-:Flckett, :pdward j; Stetson;
Piatrlck J. 'Farker,- Ralph ;C- Thoriias,- >Fr.alnk
Cbnrafl, AValter J\ Wright; Loruis^J. Martin,
Alfred Francis, Thomas ghahanv Omer S.;Mar
chan'd. Louis '•Kehienbpc'k;" ;WllUam"-C.- Morse,
John Crowley, ,'lieei- M.'HacduB,-. .James! J. -Mc-
Grath- .Thoman'Grlffln..' Thomas O'Boncu,' Quar
termaster Sergeant T.-. I>e • Myatt, Sergeant
Thomas Leonard. > Sergeant • John McCSauley,
Corporals- Matthiew: J.;Lohg,l Hans Tprvend,
Enoch Kinser, :'• Michael ¦ C.: No.Ja.ri,. Henry • E.
Breede. CJmrles ; Spu«,ler, .'-Frank ¦ ¦ S. ' Sawdey,
Cook Thomas L.-! S.weBney, ¦ •" . •::.. : ; •: . .
' -atjorge B/Eagan, Walter. C. Rosb, Z.'K.:Mil
l£r U- E: Conrad, L, L.- Loen.and wife, F. A.
Jackson, Y. M. C. A. : C. A. Glunz. V. M; G^ A.
¦ iRed-' Crb?e hursea— Miss : A. Burfell;'\Miss W:
: E. Doiekre'H; Miss M. Murray.. MIhs L. CoakJ.ey..
Miss M. M, Summej- : ,'.illfa Ji. Zeigter, . Ml8R-:C
.Marshalli ••'•:• .'V.; .'= ..:.¦•'•': ' • '. '¦';'¦'¦¦ '
Insane i patleht9*-Lteutena.nt •¦: -Wallace • Hi
Sachelder,- Privates- -Samuel -E; Bannister,
: Jftme« T, ""Cabin-. . William ¦ W.aldOn, - Joseph'
Mitchell,' John Lelaha;'- Ffahk Gullen, William
E. Evi'ing,.. Robert ' Robertson, ;Erwln Wright,
Charles It. Valentin*; Samuel Phillips (colored).
Major C A. Devol, : wife and two children;
Major P. G. -Wood; Twelfth Infantry; Captain
H A. Greene. Twentieth Infantry; Captain w.
T Wood. Eighteenth Infantry; Captain :V. .H.
Bridsman. Sixth Artillery: Captain -William- G.
Watson, Forty-sixth ReKlinent.';U. S.. .V.,-' and
wife; Captain J.M. Arrasmlth.^Thirteentli in
fantry; Captain Charles W. Hobbs. Third Ar
tiller>" Captain. Charles O.:. Woodward, Sixth
Artillery. :'and wlfei; Lieutenant: John. P. Has
son. Lieutenant B. ; :C. .Gilbert. SIxth'-'ArtlUery;
Lieutenant Albert -M. Petite, Surgeon a.'' A.
Seaman, Surgeon -&.. C- 8cheultze, Surgeon O.
W. Roberts- Siirseon-.H. C. Rowland. Surgeon
Charles N". JBarney,: Surgeon' J. M- .-Heller-. (.left
vessel at N'asasakl); Dr. and Mrs. W./M.: S.
Beetle; Mrs. James M.' Belf. Mrs. = Hans Tor
vend; • W. T. Baldwin, A. J; KlrOd, W. U; Han
cock .(XaRfifeakt). ;G. H. BUrnapi H. :tr.-.Colie,
Miss Blanotie. Platt> Mlsn Ilirima Kennedy.' '•'.• ..
The United States transport Sumner ar
rived from the Philippines yesterday
morning. This is her first visit to San
Francisco, and the general public is anx
ious to get a look at: her quarters as she
is said to be the finest vessel of her class
afloat. She made the run form Manila
in 29 days, • via Nagasaki 15 days. She
brought in 50 cabin passengers, 140 dis
charged men and six soldiers in charge of
insane men. Those who came up in the
cabin and the discharged men are;:. .';.
..».-. ..-. ¦;. — -, ; » — .. ,_ ¦. ¦ ..¦
There Were Three Deaths on : ; the
Trip— Vessel Was Quarantined,-. .
but l^ater Passengers :;;
'•¦:;"•• Were: Landed. ¦¦¦¦¦¦. ¦'.
Transport Sumner Arrives
From Manila on Her: K
Maiden Voyage,; U ¦ ;;
'. The barkentirie' Tropic -Bird arrive'tl frorti
.Tahiti .yesterday- aftEr.-.a fair passage- of
•thirty-six. days. /.She brought up the, big
.gest number p-fpasaengers' that has ever
i'come from '. Pa'rJ.e.ete.' '.on', .one.. "VeaSel; 'In
¦oirder, to' accommodate them an extra cab-
In had to -be built ,aba.ft the mainmast,
;and. In that ; flf teep inon ¦ made .their home
jdurlng. the trirj 4 .-. There .•were, over' thirty
"passengers, on' the ¦barkentine"' and "all of
: them are bound- for th'e^Paris- Exposition
: Many of thenr'a-re offlcials whose "terms
¦have "expired;. b"ut all;." are "more than
'anxious :.to. get: back, to, La Belle* France
in order tOsee the wonders, of the jubilee
'year. ¦/¦...-...-;•-¦ .'-v ' : ; : '- ; ..'~ ;;;- -V-:.
Tropic;.; Bird; Arrives.
.-'The' superiritencJent'of; trie railway mail
service RrihounGes that '•; the i'- steamer. R6
anoke .will : leav&;-Seattle for-. Cape. Nome
/on'. July 6-dr. 8,.. carrying ' ..-Uhfteti States
•rhaill. : . Letters : should /be- posted- in this
city :at lpast-.two- daj*s . earlier than the
date, given In:' order to rfeach the Rbanbke
lriitlme,- ¦•'.;• i •¦ c ¦¦¦¦»¦': . : : : ¦ ¦
¦ i The Portland .which had been announced
¦to sail from .Seattle, on.. July .5 for Cape-
Nome, sailed yesterday; her owners hav
ing ¦¦• received, several. Jimperatlve' .''rush",
orders. The Cleveland ¦ will leave. Seattle,
with mall for'- Nome, this evening-. 1 ' •
¦ After the'= departure of -the Roanoke' ho
mal| win lpaVe before July :;20.',. ••; ¦''•¦ . •.• ;
. '. The.^Pacific;' Mail Company's: San ' Bias
has-arrived at Sc&ttle: after'a -very- good
run from, the gold, ttelds. She.- reports the
Falcon, Leslie. D..W; G.: Ii-win; Seven Sis;
te'rs and Valencia at .No: me;; and ; that! the
Humb61dl, r -Roanake .and St. Paul sailed
for the Sound oh June 20-,. The San Juan
•was'spokeri 120 rnilesTfrom Nome and the
bark Mercury ; is reported as. on:.the beach
opposite Anvil City. The Qhio'and Santa
Ana- had: been, released' fr.Qm'quaranttrie
•when.the. San Bias left: :•'' :;¦=:. i ¦¦'.': : .'¦
Mail for Nome,
-. The mail, steamer Moana waa : released
from quarantine yesterday afternoon and
docked at Pacific-street wharf. Among her
cargo is thirty bejxes of «?overelgnSi valued
at . - Chief : Engineer Sinclair quit
the ship as soon as she docked, arid Chief
Engineer McKalg; who" was here some
years ago on the.Mohowal, took his place.
Mr.:. Sinclair is going to make:- his home
in. San Francisco.': Chief McKaig • has "a
host of friends in this. Jiort arid- his return
On. the Mcaria will occasion a joyful re
union •some .night this .week -among the.
marine engineers;. !¦.¦¦= :": : ' ••*• ¦ '.•'•' . ' .' .
The : Moana Released.
.' The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Doric sailed for Hongkong via
Honolulu and Nagasaki yesterday. She
carried neither passengers nor. freight for
Hawaii, but took the following-named in
the. cabin for other places: ... .";.
. For .' Yokohama— ti. '"P." Baldwin,' Miss M. J.
Barrows. Sahaf- Basht, . Mrs. Sahaf Basbi, Mrs.
H. R. Howie. S. W. Cowles,. S. P. Greenstone.
Mrs. S. P, Greenstone, Miss. M. S. Hampton,
Miss HoJI. Dr. John D. Jones, C. XV. Judson, C.
II.' Junker, Miss Grace Vv'..I>earned, Walter Ma^
¦ gee, Mrs. Walter Magee, and Victor Marsh. :
• Kobe— M. O. Andersoriand Y. Sasaki.:- •'• ' •
' N'a£asakl— Mrs. W. B. Gillincham. • '• • .'
• HongkonR— A.. F. .Browri;-vJohn Carroll, CJ A.
Davis, Captain J. G; Green. H. F. B.- Harris '
F. A,' Hesler, V. S. Jackson, H. N. Mickle, C
. H. Miller, G. W. Van Bm nt arid Mrs. F. HV
Willis. ; ¦- V. :• t "• ¦ :.:*:.•';..; :-v :
Dbric Sails for the Orient.
.The transfport Grant is' to get away for
the . PhHlpriiries-.? or China to-day. The
Conemaufjh; with a -heavy -cargo: of jfpn
eral sunpiies and about 200 horses will also
sail;.. Like jthe Grant she will wait until
the -. last, minute, for. instructions from
.-Washington. ' :'. ¦¦¦'-' : '¦': '¦¦'.'¦ '¦ .
: The 224 mariners, for Uncle Sam's ships
brought. by the S<inta Ye are: now quar
tered on the .Grant.. Besides thdpe there
.will- be aboiit-:400 recruits and casuals and
BOOcavalp; -who .will' gp 'out. on thetrans
port, so that in. .all 6ver -1200 officers . arid
men: will leave oh- her .at., noon'. .".' . :. •
Grant Sails' To-Day.
frpm •dysentery; and the foliowing. day' J.
McLaughlJn- of i. Company E, Forty-sixth
Regiment, U.\S..rv\, died of this and valv
ular disease: of the heart. His . nearest
relative, is John McMahon,: 53 Brooks
street, Waterbury, Coni). : . ' ;
The^.Sumrvcr is a floatinsr palace. She
was built at the Brobkl>-n Savy-yard and
cost nearb' ?1.5<J0 r 00<J; The extravagant
furnishings led io. a demand for an official
Investigation by : Congress. The vessel is
hot: as large as the '.Grant and her sister
ships.. She . is. 21S9 ' tons- burden, but she
has all the latest machinery and appoint
ments. Captain iLyrnan- is in command.
The vSumner left -Brooklyn . March 31
¦with KXK) soldiers for Manila; and went by
way of the Suez -Canal..:. She is not a fa3t
boat:;' ¦ ' ' .. . . . ;" . - = ;• '¦¦'¦¦
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALLv^UND^
IMPROVING HOME OF
BUSINESS WITH ART
FROM
SEA
AND
SMORE
22
S. N: WOOD &CCVS STORE :AS Wli^Hs^ON; ABtt&ib.
Trapp*r'B Oil cures rbeumatlsm and neuralfla
DrusKista, 60c Caak. ; .Richards., "ft Co;, IM Clay.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, far
cipes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild; 528 Sutler.*
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
ff y^jf/so
ABOVE SIXTH.
Phew Boat* 14. g»a frmei.ss.
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1OIT-IO23 MISSION STREET,
A Great Value.
Send live centa In stamps for
postage on new furniture catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
WE ARE LOOKING AFTER THE
LITTLE ONES THIS WEEK.
Oak Cribs M $4.50
'TABST"
Malt Extract
(Tie "Best" Tonic)
. . . aM •
Drault Beer.
iIBIBBBBBBaoafl»aBBBlO
¦
I AT COST |
U Owing to the dull season now 5
a upon us. We are accumulat- a
B ing. a large s:oek of rental ¦
¦ pianos. These, together with g
eg a number of samples sent us jj
g from factory, will be closed E
§ out regardless of profit. A g
n better opportunity has never g
¦ been offered. Terms very a
|j liberal. £
| BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 5
a (6-20 O'Farrell Street. 5
JJ CHICKERING AGLNCY. |
¦bjiihiiibjbbbbjbibihbI
j>SM/£As* DR. PIERCE'S
¦^P^f^^Q ELECTRIC
lml0 BELT.
THIS BELT IS WAR.
• Jv* ranted to be the latest tm-
proved, most powerful and
in all respects the best now manufactured It
any part of tho world. Its equal rtoes not exint
The Galvanometer shows Jts electric current to
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrode*
Double -wire suspensory for men. It will curi
any disease on earth that It Is possible to cur-
with electricity and It cures when others fall"
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Pierco'a "
•'Booklet Xo. 2." free at office or tent by tna't
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
. 620 Market Street.
(Opj>. Palace Hotel> SAX FRAXCISCO
'. Eastern Office— Xew York City.
"BlBeiWa"
;¦; .¦;¦.': Dvvli
Beer:
For qiiietations on; carload shipments direct
from the : Brewery, or ..smaller lots • from
stoekat San Francisco, apply to .,
Royal Eagle Distilleries Cdttipany;
501-503-505 MARKET STREET
TELEPHONE MAIN IO3., ¦[ , ' ! . (GENERAL AGENTS),
i '"--¦¦' v ¦ • -Sari Francisco, Cal.
Milwaukee, Wis.
["'"•"I'vvv •? *i*v.*I**I < *»™4"»"I i *I™I
F?al)st Brewing: Company
CAFEHOYALi^
5c. Overcoats and
Valises checked treo.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
HOTELKEEPERS In the Interior are asked
to : write M : information about aboYe goods.
HODME
andthe public generallu should see these
goods at^ once, as theu will find them fullu 30
PER CENT: less than; present prices.
Weliave oiiv hand an extra stock of 78 CASES
of aoods in this department, and commencing
Mbndau, Julu 2d f and continuing during the
entire month of Julu r will offer extraordinaru
values in NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS,
ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS, IRISH POINT
LACE CURTAINS; LACE CURTAIN MATE-
RIALS ¦;, and V FINE WHITE MISSION
blankets; .. ¦ y. €W&*
WHITE BLANKETS,
—-AND —
eORTAINS,
CURTAIN MATERIALS,
TAPESTRY PORTIERES
— OF —
°. Practical • outfit,- [with trlnod,' for- 11.85; cost
$3 35." --Backus' Studio, 11 Geary," photosraphern.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMZNTS. .
rGWuA^lpficiAii
Who Is Honored by th% Highest U. S. Army.
Nary and Government Officials. .;-¦:
GEORGE MAYERLE
German Expert ODtician
'Graduate N. I. Colloee of Ophthalmology" and
OtL'losy.)'
ADMIRAL CtO. DEVVEY
JOIXi IN HOSOT^IS'G MR. MAYERLE.
THE FOT.TiOWINO TESTIMONIALS HAVE
Just beor\ r^celred:
MR. GWk MATrnnLIC. German Expert OpU-
elan.: tO7X<4 Market ytrpel. San Francisco — My
J>"ar P!r: I aro etillusir.ir uith much patlsf-ic-
tior. the glasse* yirj.spnt me at Manila; also.
lh* n<?w on*-s suit my fjes ;>*rfectly. Very
; truly yours. GEO. DEWEY.
From General William R. Shafter.
MB. CEO. MAYEUU:. ?an Francisco— Pear
Sir; Thf passes m«<l<> hy vou received yest*r-
<5ay. I hav«.n»v«r !«>ra>f.«T fitted than with .
This pair. Very truly yours. -.
Wil. K. Ma.inr-Oeneral V. S. V.
Most Convincing Evidence From Rev.
. Father Aug-ustine IlcClory.
It give? me much plf>a?un= to recommend to
¦ the public Mr. Uporfce-Mayr'e'.af. lOTl^j Market
' ftr"ft. Fur. Francisco. Ftnci'.y as a skillful and
exjert ojnirtan. M>' »=!pht bfean to fail in 1^77,
Just tw-enty-thr^<? »«ir»'-«K". and since that
tlm<> I have been wearir.p RlH^ses. I consulted
a jr^minpjit oinician in CMcago, T>r. Holmes.
¦ At •".-Iferent times- since that I have had lenses
: fitted on 4*» PtJ Lcuifs.' Cleveland, O.. and also
tried th» F*:fth-avenue optici.ins in Pittsburgh.
«'h" claim to be araonir the best in their line in i
the country. I do not /hesitate to *ay that I :
-.have met vith ¦ better and more satisfactnrj'
¦ Ttruilz with Mr. Maj<-xle than with any of the
ahovp-nai-ned. who bale much higher preten-
sions. R'-Fp-ctfully, ¦ . ¦'¦ ', .. ¦ . "• .
FATHEH KVGVSttKE McCI>ORT. O.F.M.
Ft. Boniface's Church,- lli G«.!den Gate ave.,^.F.
;¦:; Far Exceeds Them All.
MR. GRO. MATEKI.K. P. F. Cal.— Dear Sir:
Tour Klafses are exoeJlent. I have had to wear
pla«<-es ever since I was a litile boy. ' I liave
b«i:«:ht plasses from many txt»ert opticians. ,
both in EnRland anil in the. I'n.ted states, but j
it pives me much plf-asure to state that your
glasses far extwi them all- . . I shall do all I
can to recommend them. Y^urs very truly,
REV. ALFRED WICKS.
Pastor of Methodist Church.
Doctor E. T. Barber Discarded All
Other Glasses.
ME^OEORGE MAYERLE-Pfar Slrr In reply i
: to your letter would say that the gla?v« 1 pur- I
chased from you last fall give me better t=atis- |
Tactum . and ' more comfort than any ' others I j
have. U5*>d: in fact, after uslnK them for a few !
days I DISCARDED -*L.L. -OTHERS; -and would i
not now be without them. R<>Fpe<-tfulJy,
E. T. BARBER. M. D..
534 Firteer.th at.. Oakland, Cal.
: ; A Reporter Convinced.
Numwus inquiries made by The. Bulletin re-
porter emnnj those who wear Mr; Mayerle's I
rf eularly showed clearly that in each I
case t*ri>ct satisfacttnn tiaa been given, and i
this fart applied io NfMEROUS COMPLICAT- I
EI> CASKS-— < Extract 'ram the S. F. Dally
Bulletin. March: ll'th, 1S33.) .- ,.';
Many Similar Testimonials.
The American Authority
On rr.aners of sanitation and fcygtene. "The i
American JourraJ of Health," says: • "George i
Mayerle's iat»Ft an^l tn<st linproved method in '
examimnic ana cr.rrectlnK rnr.st :cojnrllcated '
rasf-ji uf defe<-tlve Eye-Pljfhf h'as 'been approved i
by the highest : authorit'>«.""-F.xtract from |
"The American Journal of IJeaJth." New Ycrk,
October 1st. 1SSS. . ; ;_ ___. •:
Consultation. Examination and
Advic3 Free.
<^pen Eveninry until J. ;;
GEORGE MATEUI.E, German Expert Opti-
cian. VHVi Market ' street inear Seventh), San
Francisco. Cal. (See City JJirectory for Eve
Specialists.) - "
Hew Methods in Fitting Glasses by-
Mail.
Glar«ef! pent through mail '-need not be paid
for until tried at Express Office.
GERMAN EYE WATER BY MAIL 50c.
(CUT THIS OUT.)
Attention »» invited to a epecial sale of i
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS, j
\%> have recelvefl this month nearly one I
bundred tiew thtngs in PNEUMATIC TIRE
TJICTCLE GEAR . WAGONS. v with wire
wheelE and with wood hub wheels. These
¦Karon?; are a WWli, an<l dur Etexrk Is
snore comijlete that ever, at j)rlc<?s ranging
From $130 Upward.
:-We show the finest things built In Pneu-
tnat'.c Wagnn?, and at rriceg which have
not been €-Qualed heretofore.
.: .-.'. ¦¦/: This is a Special Opportunity.
STODEBAIET BEOS. 1
: Market and Tenth Sts.
••i L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
'-._..- CATALOGUE? FURNISHED.
4^- Room Furnitura
US FOR $9§, .;¦¦'; g 1
CEDnOOM-neflrooni set. ' " ' pieces, hardwood-
1 rood \V!re Spring. 1 food Top Mattress, l
I'alr Pillows.
PAKlV>It-5 piecw Oak or Mahcgany Uphol-
rtered Set.
niNING-HOOM-l HanJwood Extension Table
6 Oak Chairs. *
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table, I No. 7 Stove, 2
. : C i.fiirti. ¦'¦¦.'¦-¦ ' ; • .'..'..(.';* -..-¦¦
No extra charre on credit.
: —MAKE YOrit OTO TERMS. — .
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
21310-112 Stockton St., Near Broadway.
';• '";'¦' Open Evenings.
Kew western hotel,
K EA^ NT AKD WASHINGTON' ETS.-RE-
" modeled «n<J renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. EncMM plan. Hooms. £0o to II 50 day:
** *<> « wetk; is to jm month. Free baths; hot
ana pcia water every room; fire crates la «very
room; elevator rum ail nlrht.
' \ VAj^ JA\ - ufa. VQa 3§Hv o5r" / MS^^^^mm §<=tt=:HE throo members of the Henry
M.'llr-r company '¦ whom San> Fran
. j| d.sco ha* y*-t to h'*ar will make their
ajijx uxance u<-morrow n'.ght in R. C.
Carton's powerful drama entitled "The
Trop fit Kr.owlc-dpe." Th«-se three — Sadie
MaTtJnot. E. J. Morgan and Charles Wal
cot — arc-, a trio which would lend- prestige
to any company, but when they are sur
rounded by the other players forming
Miller's support the result will be a cast
that will pive San Francisco a dramatic
treat ' which has not be*»n enjoyod here
tince the days of "Maguire's."
Morgan Is to appear in the part h« ere-
ated In the New York production of.Car
ton's drama, "Nigel Stairypn." Sadie
Martinet and. Waleot will be seen In : roles
that call for the best that the players can
give. Apart from the; remarkable cast,
the play itself pos-esses great dramatic
interest. The dialogue and .situations are
crisp. leading up to climaxes of unusual
power. Besides the players ! mentioned
the cast, will include the following named:
Henry Miller. Frank Worthing. E. J.
Backus. John Flndlay. Charles Christie
Margaret Anglin. Mrs. Thomas WhhTen
and Lillian Thingate. • The- advance de
mand for seats is immense and there will
be crowded houses.
TWO NEW PLAYERS IN "THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE!".
The Boston Shoe Company will give the
boys arid girls an opportunity to celebrate
the Fourth in new shoes, and will there
fore sell 'to-morrow ladies' shoes and ties
and -boys' and girls' -shoes -worth from '$2
to $3 fpr 50c a pair. Be sure ¦ and attend
the : shoe sale at the Boston Shoe Com
pany. 775 Market street, near Fourth. *
To Celebrate the Fourth.
• The-pollce continue to' make arrests of
pool-sellers who violate .the'-brdiharice by
selling pools, Yesterday Policemen Byrne
and Sheehan arrested' Joseph Brown,
clerk : for Zlck- Abrams; Joseph- Mohan,
clerk for Harry Corbett, • and .'Edward
Morgan, clerk for Ed Smith, ' Leldesdortf
street. They were each released on $50
cash bail. . • . . '¦/¦ ', .:.'¦'
Pool-Sellers ¦ Arrested.
¦Anew Lodge! ' : 'bf the Order, of : United
Moderns was Instituted in Red Men's. Hall
last Friday' night with,' a.. large charter
list. The following named were installed
as officers for .the current ¦ term : by Su
preme' Vice Chancellor E. M. Elliott:
John- Ralph Wilson,- chancellor; John. A.
'IV Wilson. D,: D.. past chancellor; Lizzie
J. "Wheelock.- regent ;= Edna Morris, orator;
H«rman J." Custer, guide; Jacob H. Baker,
treasurer :-T, G. Hodgklns, recorder; Ern
est ;-Jakobs, .warden ;-..L. McAnany Jr.,
watchman: "¦¦-./¦':', ; ¦¦¦¦ .
TJnited Moderns.
.-¦^S3 TAJTpiNG .'. in'/a bower of American
Beauty '. rpses Miss .'Flora .-Grace
z«Oj) Dean and Walter. Magee were.mar
. /"*"; riea : : -yesterday ¦¦: morning ... at . 11
o'clock. -..Bishop Nichols, assisted: by Rev.
Mr. Foute; performed, the ceremony. -.'.-.
The wedding of Miss- Dean and, young
Magee is the culmination of a. pretty.ro
mance that dates back to the early child
hoed days Of the .yoUiwr couple. Flora
Dean and Walter Magee grew up together.
They had the : same . friends, the same
tastes and belonged to : the same set. At
the home of the bride's mother. Mrs. W.
P. ShaW,- 1920 Van Ness-' avenue, young
Magee enjoyed all. the privilege: of one of
the famllv. and so, when three years a«o
the young couple announced their .deier
nrinatlon to wed no cne waa surprised.
.Miss Dean at that- time was just about to
enter- Vassar. and • she decided that her
emgageriient wag not' to Interfere -with her
college work tnd that her marttage should
follow her graduation. . . • ':
Tw'o months ago Miss Dean: graduated
from Vassar, and the fair young miss who
¦has not yet made her social debut began
.her preparations, for the wedding which
took place yesterday. The wedding was
a quiet though charming affair.- No Invi
tations were Issued, and only about fifty
intimate friends were present. The bride.
Was • attended by her ¦ sister. Miss Ethel
Dean, and Clarence -Follis officiated as
best man. Simeon Wenban. grandfather
of the bride, cave her Into the keeping of
The bride wore a charming gown of
white mousseline de sole and tulle. Th<s
bridesmaid's crown was of pink moussellna
over pink silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Long will go south for
their bridal trip, and on their return will
make their home In this city.
The bride is the daughter of William
Fexton of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, and the happy man la a popu
lar young attorney of this city.
The home was prettily decorated for th«
occasion. In the drawing room, where the
ceremony was performed, an altar was
erected and white sweet peaa" and gar
lands of smilax were used for decorative
purposes. The bride was attended hy her
sister. Miss Xette Fexton. who acted as
bridesmaid. Judge Frank Dunne officiated
as best man.
' Miss Emma Beatrice Fext<ui and Percv
V. Long- were married last evening at 9
o'clock at the home of the bride 311?
Washington street. Father Clancy pro
nounced the happy couple one in the pres
ence of a limited number of Intimate
friends.
the groom. The bride's gown was of white
embroidered mull and her bouquet of lilies
of the valley. Miss Ethel Dean wore, a
cream embroidered crepe over pink silk.
Her bouquet was composed of American
Beauty roses.
• After the ceremony an elaborate break
fast waa served. The young couple left
yesterday afternoon on the Doric for an
Oriental tour.
WALTER HAGEEAUD HIS YOUNG BSIDE.
: Last night, at. Metropolitan- Temple. Dr.
Frederick .W:'d'Evelyn, late of the Natal
field • force . arid ' Pretoria siege; ; garrison,'
gave ¦ an . Illustrated . .lecture-- ¦ ori i "South
•Africa and'. Her Wars-"' In aid of the Cali
fornia. Indian Yamine fund. William Greer
Harripon :presMed • and ; a" short' musical
programme was rendered by Miss- Mar-.
garet : ; Davis, .pianisti and . .'Miss Lillian
Merrihew. whose . numbers : gave much
pleasure. '.r ' • '-¦:. .••"' r ;¦;:: :¦;» : -,- :• ¦ •'
- Mr.- Harrison; before. introducing-. 'Dr.'
d'Evely-n. speaking of the object of
the lecture, .seyerely^cpndemned the atti
tude of critics who ascribed the famine at
preseht existent in India to anything but
the '.severe and- unprecedented droughts
of the past- two years and averred that
the English Government had done all that
lay. in -its. power for the alleviation of the
awful conditions. ¦ He advised also the
formation of a:BritIsh league in America
for the purpose of educating public senti
rnent^lrito ajusfter appreciation' of British
methods. "¦ • • •: : . ' ¦ •
. Dr." .d" Evelyn's lecture, which was llius
trated.by'100 slides taken at the seat of
the present war. was listened to with the
utmost attention by ''a' large and enthu
siastic audience. The pictures of :.\Vblte
Boden-Powell; Lady.smith and Mafekinjr
with, the racy descriptions of the lecturer"
were greeted with prolonged Cheering, and
the Boers various dellnquencies^-shooting
on the white flag and e»caping : under its'
protection^r\*re suitably, hissed. .
Illustrated Lecture Given in Aid of
r'j -\. . /the Indian Famine'- : : :
D'EVELYN ON SOUTH :• -
: • AFRICA AND HERWARS
Market-Street Railway Company
Cannot Escape Taxation, on. Cer
; tain Property.
The City Attorney, advised the Assessor
yesterday that if it shall be found by the
courts .that the ; assessment of last year
made against the roadbed and track of
$he ;' Market '¦¦ Street Railway: was invalid lit
would follow that the pn^erty had es
caped - taxation ¦' In that . year and ' would
theri become subject :to assessment this
year. In. order that the rights of the city
and. county may bp. preserved pending
theoutcome; ill the pending litigation the
City Attorney advises that the roadbed
and tracks : be assessed' this year as real
.estate.' .;-;¦ ' ' ' .' '.-¦¦ - -' ¦¦ ¦•'¦.' ; . - ¦ .'
Xast year the Market Street Railway
made a rettirn .pf various 'items of per-,
sonal' property, including the roadbed,
and. tracks -of the company's street rail
way.'lines. These roadbeds . and . tracks
were accordingly assessed at a valuation
of. $3,575,445. . The assessment upon this
property was paid under protest upon the
24th day of November. 1892. The ground
of thes'. protest -was that the assessment
was invalid : in that said roadbed and
tracks should have been assessed ; as real
property arid", not as personal property.
On May.l", J900. suit was begun against
the city and- county for the recovery of
.the \axes so paid under protest, one" of
the allegations of the : complaint; being
that in said assessment.-, was Improperly
Included the. roadbed arid track Of . plain
tlfl. valued ¦ at .'.$3.575, 445; which was. real
and' -.not ' • personal property, .. and . the
amount of the tax thereon was
the Bum.of.$45,&69 75. • .';.' .-• • .' :
TO ASSESS ROADBED :
SAME AS REAL ESTATE
MORGAN TO APPEAR
IN CARTON'S DRAMA
"John, that clock cost only 29 cents;
you can't expect it to act like a J4 99 gold
watch." — Chicago Record..,: '• . • ; - '. : ...
"Joanna, that blamed old clock of yours
made me miss the train again." :
Mrs. Ferguson Found Dead Witli End
\ of Gas Hose in .Her . . :
• . •'-. : Mouth.. ./ ; : ¦ '
Susan C. Ferguson, wife of W. E. Fer
guson of 834^s Valencia, street, committed
suicicJe j-esterday morning by asphyxiat
ing herself with illuminating gas.: Her
husband awoke at n o'clock in the morn
ing and went Into the kitchen to look for
her. He found j her lying unconscious on
the floor with one end of a rubber tube
in her mouth, the other end being connect
ed with the gas burner, . - ;¦. .';¦• '
Dr. Wyniore was sunimoned and spent
three hours in . tryins to resuscitate the
unfortunate woman, but without success
she dying at 8 o'clock. • ,. . •
Mrs. Ferguson was a native of Illinois
40 years old. She had been in bad health
for seventeen .years, and the constant use
of drugs had unsettled her mind. She had
often threatened to commit suicide, and
as recently as last Tuesday was prevented
by her son and daughter from killing her
self. She leaves a husband and three
children. .-'.•: : . ¦-.; ¦
¦ Coroner : Cole held; an inquest yesterday;
and the jury returned a verdict of suicide
while insane. • .- . ¦ :
YEARS OF SfCKNESS ;¦ - .
•; UNSETTLED HER MiNO
At a mfeeting held by Denmark Branch
No. 2 of the Dania Society of California
In Pythian Castle last night the following
namei? officers were elected for the year:
President. K. M. Boysin; vice president,
N. C. Nlelpen; financial secretary, C. Raa
rr.nssen; recording secretary, M. P. Chris
ter.sen; treasurer, P. S. Nielsen; marshal.
I>anias Elect New OlScers.
L. Stage: vice marshal* S. G. Andersen:
warden. M. P. Larsen: librarian,- S, Soren
sen; auditing committee— C: M. Beck and
P. Iversen. • ••' ¦•'..; .¦ ¦ -\ • ; ,-¦' -.'."-
WEDDED IN A BOWER
OF AMERICAN BEAUTIES
;Bbld : Crook-Evades pflcer Wilson. on
i •! Crowded Thoroiighfere^-His . / '
: : - [•:< '¦: '''. ¦'- Partiier Jailed. . : :':;C : ' •>'>•
.•¦ TVriUiam Matthews; a. desperate cropk,
was arrested last, night 5 by Policeman
"William Wilson ; and: booked -it the CItx
Prlson.for petty.larceriy iand- batterj*- The
prisoner, in company with; a "pal," \isited
the store of A; Schoenfeld. at 1334 Market
«treet,:..early in the evening -and .'while the
'•¦'pal'' engaged the salesman in conversa
tion Matthews "lifted" two overcoats and
departed, with his friend without being
discovered. A neighboring storekeeper ob
served: the "peculiar, conduct of the pair
and he notified the salesman. The latter
followed the mfh to -the corner of Mason
and Ellis streets, where he met Ofticer
Wilson and notified him of the theft.
Both:men were placed: under arrest arid
securely handcuffed by the policeman. He
theri walked them towiird the police sta
tion, and when the prisoners and captor
reached the corner of Jones and Market
streets. the "pal", slipped his handcuffs and
made a bolt for liberty. Wilson turned
Matthews over to a citizen named Victor
Nathan and gave chase, but after running
three blocks lost sight of his man. ; He re
turned in time to lend aid to Nathan, who
was making a valiant attempt to hold the
remaining prisoner, despite the fact that
he : hnd been struck on the head with
the handcuffs' by Matthews. The . last
named: was hurried to :the City Prison,
where a charge . of petty larceny was
placed against his name by the officer, and
the citizen added another. : charge of bat
tery against . the fellow. The overcoats
were held as evidence against him.
StfPPED ;HtS aA^CUFFS •:;
\ : :& ANDiGAlNED LlBERrr
.The: first -.'steps in . the ; matter of a
public demonstration:, to .celfcbrate thd
admls»sion of • Galifo.rnia were taken at- a ;
meeting held in the American Hotel on
the night of the arrival of : the . Oregon,
which was presided over;by General John
¦Wilson, Colonel John T>. Steverisoh -and-
John Middleton,. vice: presidents..- and -^.
Bartol, secretary. . It was decided- that the
ball should be given In a new building In
course of construction -at "the i corner . of
Clay and Kearny- streets,' and the follow-'
ing ramed. -who have n-early all passed,
away,; .were the I committee '.to- arrange -for .
that event: John "W. Ge;ary f General John.
Wilson, . Dr. Bowie, : C. V. Gillespie,- K.
Argentl.. J. H. MacDougaH. W: D. HL
Howard Frank- Turk; William Burling,
M. Hi " McAllister. Benjamin li. Berry,
Gregory Yale, John . C, Hays, .Captain
Keys. William Hart; P.-C. Bennett, J, W.
Wetherson. Luclen Herman, D'. T. Bajali,
A. Bartol. • G. Meredith, "WHlIiam G.
"Woods. Harvey Sparks, Lcvl. Parson, X>.
C. Broderick, Captain J> L. Folsom,.Colo
nel . J...D. Stevenson.. John Middleton and
John Nugent:; Nearly every One of these
men became prominent in the. early his
tory of San Francisco. ; : ' . - - .
The citizens, however, were, of the opin-.
Ion that a ball was not a sufficient demon
stration/so they arranged for a parade,
which toolt place on Tuesday,- the 29th of
October.- San Francisco, with its- limited
territory as to city limits. and- limited ma
terial fora display, had one that was cred
itable for the. time. There was a national
salute at sunrise and at sunset, flags were
displayed i from all the housetops and ' by
the hundreds of ships in * the . harbor. A
salute of one hundred guns was fired on
the plaza by a detachment of Company M,
Third -United Artillery, under
The news'. of. thfr admission ol Califijrnia lnt»
the • confederacy- -of States '• was 'received here,
with many demcrnstrations or. rejolcinea. Flaps,
were displayed all over town. Captain Frazer
brousht two bras? pieces . Ihttj the plara and
fired a- national salute In the presence of thou
sands of men' who gave nine hearty cheer* for'
the' Union. ' The.-flring; of crackers ¦ was con
tinued late Into; the .evenljiR- - Altogether the
event was celebrated io..a manner wortby-.the
occasion. '••¦.•' ¦ ''¦ -.-. •• .'•' ' •.'•• ; • '¦•¦•'¦'.'.
The introduction to the news was In the
following words: :. ¦¦¦ ¦' .;'¦ ¦'¦¦:. ¦¦ :
"The steamer Oregon. arrived yesterday
in seventeen days from Panama, The
ship as she rounded to- anchor, decorated
froni'stem to stern and from main truck
to i taffraii; presented a gay. and animated:
'appearance.".--, : ¦'¦ •¦ • ' ¦- •..;••' ¦ :
' The local account of. the. arrival of the
steamer and- the reception of the news ap
pears on the same page under the. head o£
"City -Items," following a,, report of an
inquest. It is in agate, as follows: ;• : ; :
Death of LouU Ph ilippe — Execution of Pro
fetsor Websler— Jenny Lind and Her
Chariti:?—E c. ; -
Mexico Bills.
Admission of California.
.•.'. ¦ • — ¦ — • .. . • . • '¦ ¦
Passage of the Utah and New-
GOOD KE WS FROM WASHINGTON.
TWO WEEKS LATER.
MRIVAL OF THE STEAMER OREGON.
SX.v'vlew of the .elaborate preparations,
now -beirt^" made, to celebrate; the -fif
tieth arihiv.ersary.. of the admission of
, j California : to "statehood, ; .a ; brief, out
line of the initial Adjtnisstbn day celebra
tldji wllKbe-.lriterestingl • . ¦ .." V ;¦'.:.;
California- was admitted as: the thirty
first State, of 'the Union .on the • 9th day
pt September.- :1S5O. ' but. it was'- not until
pctoirer -18 -•.foUpwIhg. that, the people
of; .'the' -new:' States "• /were aware ;. Of
the : : faci ;. that;£ It v'^as;' . aii .integral
aware.' of the fact.that it .ah integral
part -of the great :confederatlori<jf Ameri
can States., And ;.thls . beeatuse fifty years
ago the^ telegraph as .a- means ; of . : commu
nication between the East, and the West
¦was . unknown; and the: mostvrapld mode of
transit .waa byy the Pacific ;Ma}l stea.mers
trip, across the Isthmus:, of Darlen and by
Mali steamer from Pahdm^ tp^Saii^.Fran^
cisco;:---'- •'•¦:¦.•¦;;¦ --"- : -. "•':' ; ; " :• .- .'"• •;:• -.-¦¦ •.? i-J
/It :had ¦ been Hrrang4d : that If , the. meas-r
«re ¦ iqi admit; California.: to ..statehood
passed the vessel bringing, the newsshould
be.decorat^d with flags. and- signals so that;
the lookout. atVPdint.Lobqscould.conimu-:
hicate the fact that, the steamer -was;, in
sight -to "the lookout oh Telegraph. HIH. At
that».tlme : the method of announcing the
arrival of a i; vessel '.^as by a system of
white :and black -wpjqden.' arms from, the
rhast:6n each r hen a- vessel was
sighted bythe 6 ttter. lookout ;he designated
the character by raisins the. appropriate
arrns.: .this was observed by the lookout
oh the inner statioh: by- means of a pow
erful .telescope,, and he at once hoisted the
sigriaL -The signal for .a Wdewheeler— and
thesteamersrpf the PAclflcOfalj'; the Cali
fornia. dregon.'Panama'. and others were
all • • sidewheelors— was •"¦ two .long ; black
boards that were displayed from the mast
on the. statioh tike: a pair of outstretched,
uplifted arms.- Jt;waa time for the Oregon
to 'arrive; and every, one was. anxious, to
know if she. bring the: ne^vs that all.
were waiting for,; From. ; early- morn .to
setting Of the sun thousands of eyes were
Cast in the direction of. the. signal station
«n : Telegraph Hill.:. . , ' ~ : - ; v'V «»
: At : last the signal appeared, and .In a
few hours the Oregon sailed through the
Golden. Gate decked from stem to stern
with flags, signals and streamers, and also
from truck to. taff rail in. Uke manner. The
American flag was in: evidence; and as tne
vessel sailed by .Point SanvJose, North
Beach: and darks Point, opposite which
she dropped anchor, she^was greeted with
loud-^and prolonged hurrahs from those
who lined -the shore." which. evidences of
joy were responded to: from the steamer
by :tbe dipping of colors,'; Clarks^ Point
was the landing spot fpr, early, Calif pr
nlans. and was a bluff, piece of land on the
line of Battery, street, between Broadway
and Vallejo street. : . .. ; -
The reception of the news. Important as
it was to all Callfornians, was received
in a most enthusiastic manner by the peo
ple but the leading paper of the day in
San Francisco, the Alta California, did not
enthuse over it very much. The morning
after the arrival of the steamer there ap
peared on the editorial page of that paper
a column of matter with a he*ullng that
occupied but two Inches of space, as fol
lows: . ¦¦ '. ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦
These, as the programme of the day an
nounced, were in line with a special ban
ner and. a guard ' of honor" composed of
E. D. Keys, marshal, and J. D. Carr* W.
C. Hoff. J. Winchester, G. W. Baker and
J. Mi Crane, aids to the marshal. The
banner carried at the head of the. fifty
Chinese who were In line was of crim
son satin and bore on its face "The China
Boys." They were. under the command of
Norman Ah Sing; -These were followed
by. Mayor, common Council, municipal of
ficers and officers of sister cities, the chief
marshal and Police Department carrying
a banner showing the date of organiza
tion. October 12, 1S49. Then there was a
triumphal car on which rode thirty-one
children, a little girl representing the new
State and. the other thirty the othei
States. The Fire Department made an at
tractive display under the marsbalsbip of
Hon. David C. Broderick. There was also
the association of the water men of the
port, having in line a model of the boat
General Taylor: the Typographical Union,
with press striking off an ode written for
the occasion by Mrs. Wills of Louisiana:
then the New England Society. Order of
United Americans, ship masters and
mates. . the officers and members of the
Masonic fraternity; the Odd Fellows and
then citizens not attached.' • • • . :
The picture presented shows the forma
tion of a number of the organizations in
front of the old City Hall at the corner
of Kearny. and Pacific streets, prior to
moving into position* The line of march
was along Montgomery to Bush streets,
countermarch on Montgomery to Sacra-
Lieutenant H. G. Gibson, while the pro
cession was moving. The procession wa3
made up of Grand Marshal J. D. Steven
son and forty-six aids, detachment of
Native Callfornians mounted, under com
mand .of Major Andre Pico, Society of
California Pioneers, organized August.
1S50; United States marines, the Califor
nia Guard, Captain Howard; the Wash
ington Guards, Captain Bartol, dressed in
the. uniform of the United States infan
try; officers of the United States army
and navy, officers and men of the First
Regiment: pf Xe« YorK Volunteers,
officers and' men who served in the vu
with* Mexico;, the Governor and XJeuten
ant Governor, State officers and members
elect pf the State Legislature, th« judi
ciary, members of the bar and the clergy-
Then followed H. N. Bennett, the orator
of the day. officers of the general Govern
ment, Collector of the Port, Consuls and
representatives of. foreign Governments,
and citizens of the Celestial empire. '. •
ASHAMED TO SWEAR
TO THE COMPLAINT
Policemen. Robinson and Schmidt
Shirk the Responsibility of Ar
resting Thomas Nelson.
Thomas Kelson, the 10-year-old hoy
charged with burglary, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday. There was M
complaint on file and the Judge intimated
that when the case was called to-morrnw
If no complaint had been filed he would
dismiss it. H© exonerated the boy's sure
ties and allowed him to go on his own
recognizance.
Policemen Robinson and Schmidt, who
dragged the boy out of bed and locked
him up In the "tanks" all night, would
not swear to a complaint, and wanted
William Helblng, the contractor, from
whom the boy was alleged to have stolen
some brass hinges, to do so, but Helhlng
refused. So the matter rests.
Chief Sullivan did not object to the of
ficers dragging the boy out of bed. but ad
mitted that they did wrong tn putting hlra
in the "tanks" and not charging him at
once. The boy who did steal the brass
hinges has not yet been arrested, although
the police know where to find him. Th«
arrest of Nelson has aroused cons!derab!«
feeling In the Mission, where his parenU
are well known and respected.
roon was due Bolely to the kindly inter
->-»-nei»n of tsxe. Greg-gains' duty calls him
ca'ly to the ocean beach, where with gath
ered ren he jmtrols the b*jarh in search of
i he lawless. While in the performance of
his doty yesterday afternoon he passed
ground the corner of the Ocean Beach Pa
vilion and headed his horse toward the
eld railway station.
Without an ir.stant's -warning the borae
lunged as!(Je. ar.d as the saddle girth had
l;ercme loosened through hours of use the
saddle turned ar.d the officer was hurled
headlong to the ground. One foot, how
ever, remained fast in the stirrup, and
OreggaJr.s' fight for life began. The horse,
frenzi^d with 'ear. threw his heels with
vicious energy toward his prostrate mas
ter and then lunged oft down the road,
firpppair.s was toesed from side to Bide,
perhaps but a few seconds, and then the
uran-csod heels of the horse struck him
with vicionG force on the hip. tossing him
aside ar.d free. His foot slipped from the
stirrup and this alone saved /him from; a
shocking- death. - ¦ .¦..¦•¦ ; - ;' ¦' ; f '
Onlookers, who during the wild plunging
of the animal had remained stricken with
fear, hurried to jhe officer's assistance.
They carried him to the Beactr Tavern
and aid was summoned. 'In the meantime
his horse went plunging ' down the road;
with each leap making a mad effort to
free himself from the saddle that swayed
beneath his body. The runaway attracted
the attention of other park officers. Who
lassoed him and took him back to the
scene of Greggains' accident. ' '.¦."<* • . •. .
Greggalna had by. this tltne recovered
sufficiently, to aid In. the search for his
saddle, which was found in the shrubbery;
where it had fallen when torn loose. from
the horse. -Again mounting his hprse s but
bruised and ;spre. Greggains made his way
to the station, reported his misfortune
and then tui-ned toward his home.. Officer
Greggains. like those who witnessed it,
marveled at his escape. ; He; may be back
on duty to-day/ but it Is thought by-- those
who examined xils hurts that many days
will-pass before he cart again find'com
fort In the saddle.: _":¦¦'.' ¦ ."' ¦ :' ¦ ..' ; : .
SAM FRANCISCO'S FIRST
ADMISSION DAY FETE
mento, to Kearny. to Clay to Stockton
to Washington, down to Kearny. the head
of the procession moving west and north
then east, so that the several organiza
tions formed a hollow square on the plazs
around the speakers' stand. The literarv
exercises consisted of music, prayer b?
the Rer. It. T. Huddart. "Iai Marseillaise "
sung WJ* the multitude, oration by H. N
Bennett, ode by Mrs. Wills and the sing
ing of the "Star Spangled Banner" by th«
multitude.
In the evening there were illuminations
and fireworks on Telegraph Hill, Rincor
Point. Yerba Buena Island and other isl
ands in the bay.
The errand ball was the event of th»
celebration. It was attended by about 50<
people, and It was kept up until rvoad
daylight.
As a matter of interest, it is well tc
state that the musicians who led th<» divi
sion had their price, which was 525 pel
man and 540 for the leader.
PARK OFFICER GREGGAINS
MARKED WITH IRON HOOFS
;' I"re<Ieiick : A. Tayloh an. assistant gold
deposit : melter at the .United States.Mlnt.
"was: last'. evening arrested by 'George /W.
Hazen,: 'chief of . the 'Government. Secret
Bureau /ion; this 'coast, and charged
with embezzlement: The.; prisoner -was
taken- to the: .chief's .office; ln : , the Federal
/bunding:' and -tf-fis released • some hours
later, on : $2000 bonds. ..-; ¦¦': .-.: .- : - : ¦"; •:..-.
• Taylor.. : who ts 53 years of age, comes
i of. :a well-known and:. gstim-labie;. ; -family;
.and- the' : - ne\ys pf his arrest 'will: create-. a
sensation-in- local circles. He is- k .brother
of the laie ; Clay Webster Taylor, who. was
Qttce : prominently- mentioned iQr'guberna
tdrlal .honors, .-Tayipn ha»beeri ; employed
In-' the Mint for tive..-years. • He: was ap
pointed'.under .'Superintendent :'I>agg.ett;
Asr a-melter it -was his duty to. handle
thousands.; of .dollars*.- worth of gold, and
according to Chief Hazejn, he
•lo .pilfer the preeio.usr'metal. at every op
portunity. : His stealings- 'soon •; •became,
noticed And a watch was? set on hisde
i part merit; : . Suspicion fell' upon Taylor' and
Chief Hazen-topk the: matter. In hand.
. He has ' had . the imeite.r ;under survelHon.ee
for!. more. t,hah a : month, and during that
time -has : received' material':- a.sst stance
from Superintendent Le/ach of the Hint,
• "SVhen. :th« Mint employe finished his la
bor yesterday afternoon; he was : followed
by ' :':H4zenv whp ; f satisfying hLrnsslf- thkt
he; -had. the guilty, person- placed. Taylor
under arrest. The :• prisoner :was-.durh
.founded and broke - ¦ down • >c6rn'pletely.
fWiien : searched it hi's ; ' captor's; pfflce. a
portion of :the stolen : metal Was- found : 'in
his purse. ; The Government officers then
visited Taylor's: home -at 409:Golderi Gate
avienue -and ' found- . nw-re '; gold '•¦ in: ¦', his
.trtinkJ A Servant, 'sfrl ih : the '.bouse hand
ed : over, to: tlie. officers. • some: of the
.metal which Taylor had .- given
tier- to; dispose of.. She ¦ inf qrmea . them
that Taylor had -told- her the gold was
melted, from ; Jewelry .-left . hkn. by., his
;njbtber. -:; ; :':' : .: •:' ¦¦:., . '•" ¦ ¦¦:¦'¦ %¦¦¦¦ :¦•;!¦.-..
. United States Attorney Edward J. Ban
ning fixed the prisoner s • bond . it $2000,
anfl-Taylor**: sister-in-law and "a Mrs. Me-.
Farlane acted as his sureties. . H« will ap
pear before. Commissioner : HeacoGk: for
examination on • ilonday. ¦ Taylor . assertjs
; that the charge against .him is unfounded
and that he is innocent. Ort : the other
;hand the officers of the Government posi
tively state; that they hive; a stroing case
against, their.- inari. ' • •:• ' •'. '¦ : .'¦¦¦. •.•-.- .' • t :.:¦;. .:
E^rlderiQe of His Giiilt Fou^d on His
'. :;•:-¦'; Person and iji.jllla Trunk ' ,:. :
•¦¦• ; ;- :">.•'.:'.::• *iy 'Secret -.Service.'/:'. r~ ;!.;..
" : Z- ':'¦¦'¦' ' ' ¦'¦' .•"'¦¦•'• ;i' Agents!';': [[,'¦ [¦¦[¦¦ :^.,..'
SlIDMffiE'SMEEQED
F. -AS Tdylor Chared eWith
Serious Offense by. His
Superiors.
MINT EMPLOYE
ARRESTED AT
HIS DOORSTEP
Pages23to32
Pages 23 to 32
"S^-r^RA^JpiSCO;,; :;:SXJ^AY;;v?XTLY^--:iv-;'l90p;
Fund.
*^ f^iTi* : W^^$9&0& i
He Is Hurled to
Earth by Sudden
Turn of His Mount
and Narrowly Es
capes Death.
A WILD rifle . on a vidous steed,
whose "twist" "wouM do honor to
rhe most untamed brencbo of the
eastern slope of the . Sierras, has
left the mark cl Iron-shod hoofs and un
fcrlfl'.ed temper on the person of Park Of
ficer Michael J. Greggalns. That the of
ficer did not surrender his life as a debt to
the riQue Of his charger yesterday after-
THBOWN; FROM ; HIS HORSE AND KICKED.
ORGANIZATIONS. fOKMINQ FOR '»'H v. CELEBRATION.tion :"Witli Britons.
• LQis T Dd?J, June.30,-7111;:the.-.first;appear
ance, of. the American. athletes here at: the
summer smeetlnf? Of the LpridorV .Athletic
Club' at ; -Starbfcrd'^ BTi<3ge..'th.is.'',. afternoon
the -Princeton, -men -.'alone;' competed; : bu^
the Peijnsylvanians and Georget6.vyjTs.w?re
Interested spectators-., '• ' -AUV.the Arherlcans
appeared' to be lii . excellent, trim !^.rjd - r sa.id
ther were .fdeting\fine: Trainer .i.Murphy
said he • wpulcf take v the:Pe;nnsyh'ahia # team
toBrfRhtpn' on Monday: . Percy bCPrj'heei
ton wag Centered ' for. to-day'B -mile -irace,
but -Was hbf Allowed to. -cornpet*- owing to.;
the fact (hat .-he-' was suftering.Xrom. water
In" the: knee, '^Vhlch. probably Vflll- d.ebar
him from next. Saturday's contest, -Tha
following wer^ the results ;to-day:_ ¦¦•.
.-' 'Throw'nte -the ,-hainmerVrGra.iiam. . Ixjndoo" . A_
C: xrori- 104 feet il.4.irtche8:<3tftrett.o f . Prince-,
ton wijs- fourth, with. SS feet;7 inches... . '.:- ••¦
; ¦| > ote- : 'Ju'inr> i -Th'ejre:'vtere! no; English; entries^
Hoj-tbn' arrd Ypternan. of Princeton.' tied At. 16
ifeet-'C-.inciies. •'.:".' '¦ . . ". .•'¦ " Jl ;• ¦ '-' * : ¦' ;
.'. .PutJinK .'the weight— Ga'rrett-of Princeton, wo?
with -37- feet 6,' Inches. ; • ' ¦ •'¦ "¦¦•'¦ ••' . ' =/ • j
• -.Hrijh juijip-Carroir of-Priticetpu won- with ¦¦$
. feet : 4O14| Inches. V . : ; 1: ¦•'jjr.'.V :"¦'•¦:
Thei'vletdiiea- 6f .the. Arherican athletes
were heartily cheered-JGarretthwas qnlte
out Cof practice In throwing the- haiiunei:
and:(3Jd not 'gxpecl to '.win.. : Therd iwaU-«
friendly jriyalr>""betweenthe Tigers in. the
pole; .vault -and' their graceful... jurnpflng
elicited : rounds'- of. applause. ; i.&sceUe:s o£
the i>6ridbn Athletic .-vJlub: stUCk-marifully
to-CarrpU in the'Wgh,j'urah, : b.ut;wasablp
to" clear only- five feet nine andione^quarV
ter inches, while there;. was lanother Inch
in Princetpn-'s crack Jumper: toad he" -been
forced." - • '••'•; "^'J . '. ¦ '-.'¦ Wf^-^i-'.^'
• Among those ' whom Carroll defeated
was- Henderson • who .wori, that: event for
Oxfdrd- irj' the. contests yitti • Cambridge
thlp-year.: At the conclusion of the sports
the prizes were, awarded to the successful
competitor»^ :i ¦;¦¦¦ : :: .:';.-,: - : - ¦.-:,•:
LADY SCHOEE WINS
First in the Turf Congress Handicap
at St. Louis
ST. LOUIS, June 3d— Results at fair
grounds:
Fix fur'.onp*— Cathedral won. Titus Eecond.
Mitt Boykin third. Time. 1:U\. •
T.I!le and three-cineer.ths— Tekla Tvon. Cros»
tnollna **cor<1. Haviland third. Time, ;-osu
Fix furlonr*— l>r. Cave won. Hi Ko!lar-<*c
oni. Cotton Plant third. Time. 1:1«'».
One mile an<l -seventy yarJ* — Malay won.
Maul Wallace fe<vind. Molo third. Tirn?, l:43*i.
Turf handicap. $2x*t ad4M..Fix fur
lor.es — Lady fr>ehorr won, Amphf-re second,
er>uth Hrv«e third. Time. 1:1SH.
H«nrtl<-ap. r-.r.y- and a sixteenth— Pinochle
won. i^iddtibta .second. Forbash third. Time.
1::*.. • . '¦ '. -. "-
. furirfr.gs, . Belling— Appleiark won,
Grantor second. Midlieht third. Tim". 1:1S.
Cascade Stakes for Talala.
BUFFALO. June 30.— Fort Erie results:
Fix furlongs— Dangrerou* Mail won. Come
Quirk jteeond. Corialii' third. Time. l:15'i.
Five furlonRF— The Copper won. Servant sec
ond. ComriaFs third. Time, l:02U-
Six furlrngB— Octe Brooks won. Hungarian
feeconii. MiFF Konsoland third. Time, 1:1SV;.
One mile. Carc-arte stakes — Talala won. Easter
Lily second. Maroe thirds. Time. 1:42^4.
Four and a half furlong?— Mudder won. Miss
Krinple perond. Lizzi? A third. Time. ':*.". •
One mile— Sir Blaze won. Bell Court second,
Jucoma third. Time. 1:42%.
Harvard Defeats Yale.
NEW YORK. June 30.— Harvard won
another baseball championship from Yale
by defeating the New Haven Collegians
at the polo grounds to-day. Harvard out
played Yale from the start. Attendance
4C00. Score:
R. II- •¦' E.
Harvard 5 U • ¦>
Yale i ¦ g • j.
Batterief-Stlllman and Reid; Robertson, Gar
vin and Hlrsch. : :•
BAKERSFIEI.I>, June 30.— Clyde -Wins
low, accused of the murder of Albert Pat
terson last week, was held to answer on
the charge before the Superior Court to
day. Bail was refused.
Held for Murder.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY. June 30— Score: Kansas
City 6. Chicago 4. '"* , ¦
INDIANAPOL.1?. June 30.— Score: First game
—Indianapolis 4; Cleveland 3, Second game —
Indianapolis 1. Cleveland 9. ...
BUFFALO, N. • T.. June 20.— Score: Buffalo
9, Detroit 21. ¦ . * '
MILWAVKEE. June 30.— Score: Milwaukee Si
Minneapolis t. ¦ ¦¦ '. ¦
Sues a Supervisor.
SANTA ROSA. June 3O.-r-Mrs. Hawle'y
of the. Glt-n Brook farm, near this city,
has -brought.' an aqtton .-' for damages
against Supervisor Austin and his bonds
men to recover $15,650 for injuries received
while crossing a bridge. The . complaint
alleges Mrs. Haw-ley- fell through ; the
bridge, owing to rotten planking, break
ing her thigh bones ana otherwise in
juring herself. Austin, as road commis
sioner had charge of the bridge. . . • •
The thirteenth annual tennis tourna
ment for the single championship of the
Pacific States was commenced yesterday
at San Rafael. The preliminary and first
rounds were played, narrowing the con
testants down to eight. One feature of
the tournament was that every match was
won in straight sets. It was again a. repe
tition of the old story— the Oakland and
Alameda men defeating the San Francisco
racket-wielders player after player until
there remains but one man. W. B. Collier,
to uphold the honor of the California
Club, the other seven players being Oak
land or Alameda Club men. :-.}; ;.?;.•
The si^-prise of the day came when Reu
ben Hunt of Alameda defeated R. N.
Whitney, as predicted by The Call, in
three straight sets. The majority of the
spectators imagined It was a walkover
for Wnitney.
Play was called at 10.15 a. m. and C. B.
Root vs. Alex Stewart and Grant Smith
vs. Samuel Hardy were the teams to start
proceedings.
Dr. C B. Root of the California Club
defeated Alex Stewart of the Oakland
Club, 6—2. 6—1. 6—1. In this match Root
played aggressively and steadily, his fore
and back drives being productive of many
clean aces. Stewart's drive was a trifle
wild, causing him to knock many balls
out of the court.
Samuel Hardy defeated Grant Smith
easily. 6—2. 6—2. 6—2. Smith was nervous
and did not put up his regular smashing
game.
Kobert AYhitney defeated Percy Kahn
6—3, 6—2. 7—5. Kahn played" a good game
for a beginner and passed Whitney often
with his drive.
Merle Johnson won from M. Leventritt
by default. Crowell won from R. Nichol
son by default. J. O'Brien defeated Alan
Owen! 6—0. l >—\. 6—1. O'Brien's drives and
thf- heat of the day were the undoing of
Otven.
Reuben Hunt defeated James A. Code in
a slow match. Code was certainly away
oft in his play, but Hunt woi'ld have won
in any event, as he put up a brilliant
came." playing all his shots safe. Score
<i — 1. f>— 2. 6—2.
W. B. Collier Jr. defeated Fred Brown
of Alameda. 6-0. 6—4. 10-S. This was
Brown's first tournament and he lost the
tirst set mainly through nervousness to
the veteran Collier. The next two sets
were evenly contested and several times
it looked as if Brown would pull out one
set. His strokes were superior to Collier's,
btingr similar to Sumner Hardy's, but he
lacked experience.
The be?t contested match and the only
surprise of the day was when Robert
Whitney went down to defeat before the
steady pla.y end careful passing of Reu
ben Hunt by a score of 6—3. 6—2. 6—2.
Whitney was considered a 1 to 5 favorite,
and it certainly looked as if his aggressive
and terrific drives would pull him through
a winner. Hunts steadiness proved too
much for Whitney. The latter essayed
drives from back of the court, but was
disheartened by Hunt's constant return of
the ball.
Whitney would then lose the point by
driving into the net or out of the court.
Whitney's strongest strokes are his
smashing of lobs, but he did not play at
the net as usual, as Hunt lobbed few
balls to him. Whitney changed his game
lafer on and began to try • backhand i and
forehand drives, but this was of no avail.
It was simply a case of Hunt letting
Whitnr-v defeat himself.
Percy Murdock won by default from T.
Murdock. O'Brien beat Bishop More
land by default in the second round.
Samuel Hardy won from Johnson, 6 — 1,
0—2. 6—0. Sumner Hardy defeated Root,
6—0. fi— 2. fi— 2. Root played a good vol
leyinp pame and it was a, closer contest
than the score would indicate.
Will Cook riV-tent^d Paul Jones. 7—5.
f, — 4. 6— 2. Jnnes played a good pame at
times, but was unsteady at critical staces.
W. Allen defeateu Percy Bailey, 6—2, 6—3,
e— 1.
¦\Vhen the ColIier-Cro-well match was
railed all the seats were filled with spec
tators, as both these players are great
favorites in San Rafael. Onirfon wis
evenly divided as to the winner, but her*
acatn the steadiness of Collier pulled mm
tbj-oujrh. Crowell played a briUlant
game, smashing well, but unsteadily. The
score was 6— 3. 6— 4, 6—2. This was the
last match of the cay and finished the
first round. The following players are
still In the tournament: Percy Murdock,
J. O'Brien. Samuel Hardy. Sumner Har
dy. Reuben Hunt. W. B. Collier. Will
Cook anfl Allen. The complete summary
of the day's play follows:
O'Hrien beat Owen, fi — 0. 6 — 1. fi — 1; Johnson
wr-n by default; Sam Hardy beat Grant Smith,
6-2, 6-2. 6-2; Root beat Stewart. 6—2, 6—1.
6—1; R. Whitney beat Kahn. 6—3. 6-2. 7—5:
Hunt beat Code C— 1, 6—2. G— I; Collier beat
nrown. fi — 0. 6 — 4. 10 — R: Crowell won by default:
F. Murdoch won by default: O'rtrien wen by
default: Sam Hardy beat Johnson. 6—1. 6—2,
6—0: ys'imner Hardy beat Rr>ot. 6—0. 6—2. 6-2;
R. Hunt beat R. Whitney. 6—3. 6-2. 6—3; Col-
Mer b^at Crowell. «— S. 6—4. 6—2; Cook beat
Jrme*. 7—5. 6 — 4. «— 2; Allen beat Bailey. 6—2,
6-3, 6-1.
Clever Playing Marks th« First Bay
of Thirteenth Annual Tourna
ment of Pacific States at
San Rafael.
Defeats R N. Whitney, Who
Was Expected to Reach
the Finals.
REUBEN HUNT IS
THE WORDER OF
TENNIS TUURNEY
Fr^cial Dispatch to The Call
SANTA ROSA. June CO.— Elaborate prep
srationa have been made for the race meet
opening here on Monday morning under
the auspices of the Pacific Coast Trotting
3!orse Breeders" Association, and every
indication points to a highly successful
•week's eport.
The weather is superb, the track in ex
cellent condition and judging from the in
terest being manifested the attendance
will be large. All the old-timers are al
ready here. In anticipation of. the cele
bration of the Fourth the city is being
lavishly decorated and aJready presents
a -;.!.': appearanre. ¦¦-. • »". ,?-'
It is a fact generally recognized among
horsemen that the Santa Rosa track is
one of the best in the State. Since the
meet of last year Pierce Brothers, the pro
prietors, have spent almost JltwO reclayins
the course and makins other Improve
ments, so It is sow <»ven. better than ever.
A number of choice event* have been
echedulod and indications point to some
pood time being made. The Spreckels
horses are here and ah appear in good
fettle. The Vendome Ktock farm, the San
ta Kosa t-took farm, the Nutwood stock
farm. William H'-'gnboom, C. F. Bunch,
Henr>" Hellman. Joe Smltli and many oth
rrs are rej)re?entfd in the eniries. The
racing: Is to last all week, and th« list of
entries, as announced to-d;iy by Secretary
F. W. Kelley, is as follows:
MONDAY. JULY 1
First race. i':C3 class trotr.rwr stake — A. B.
fpre<"kels' ch. m. Zarina an 1 b. m. Prince?!
i'hr!«\ne; Valencia stock farm's br. m. Bet
Madison: William Hopob<"K>m's *. g. Lynall; F.
WilliamE' b. m. I'r.a K: Stl''e & Baldwin's b.
m. Panta Anita Star; O. XV. Fi.rd's rn. m. Xeer
bejl; S. A. Hooper's br. b. L s Angeles; A. M.
McCuil^m's s. s. Silver Bee.
Second race. 2:Ci ciass pacing stake— Jam* 1 ?
Buther'.and* bl. m. K:fie S; \\". Murray's bl.
in. Marparetta; George W. Ford's b. g. Tough
nut; Nutwood stock farm's b. m. Geoncie B
and ch g. lrvlngton Boy: pjnta Rosa stock
farm? h. m. Hazel D; .S. A. Hooper** ch. g.
Swettser: Oeorpe A. Itavi?' Wk. h. Rev Direct;
Stice & P.al«iwin's bl. m. Santa Anita Maid.
Third race — Special.
TUESDAY. JULY 3.
First race. 2:16 class pacing stake— S. Wil
e^n'e b. p. Walter K: L. D. Sloeum's rn. m.
T*ddy the Rnan; H. H- Dunlap'ti ch. p. King
Cadenza: J. l>. Smith's ch. s. (iaflftopsail: Knt
»ood stock farm's b. m. Georste B anJ ch. c.
Irvtostoa Boy; P. W. Ilodpe's h. m. Queen R;
W. W. Whitney's b. gr. Sam H and e. g. Ber
r.ard- B. Erkenbrechers b. m. Wilhelmina; O.
Wempe's M. m. Belle W.
S^cctnd race — Special for l<val horses; entries
to c\nre Monday »t 2 o'clock.
Third race— Special; entries to close Monday
at 2 o'clock. . .
WEDNESDAY. JULY 4
first race. 2:11 clafF. trotting; slake — L. E.
OawFon's b. m. Phoebe Chiiden-; Vendomo
flock lara'f bl. jr. Dr. Frasso; T. J. Crowkys
Id. g. Addiso'n: George T. BeckT'f br.- s. Zom
br»; Cer>r6«i WT. Ford's . bl. m. Nterctta; P. W.
liwlff's Ir. n:. Ilazpl Kinney.
PecoEd : "rar» — A. H. Fji^-rk^ly' b. m. Dion',
Z&%. will Ftart to beat the trotting- track rec
ord at P.^Ea. •
Third., raw. • 1:10 class, racing. ?tak<>— J. C.
Kirkpatrick'* b. e. Clipper; Ja.me» Thompson' s
b. «.- Little Thorns; O. W. .Ford's b. m. Flora
c:ja: Ptie* & Baldwin'* ch. m. Jessie C
Fourth race, for member* <«old^n <T«te Drlv-
Irjc Oub^-J. W. Hammerton's Alfred H; E.
fSttmmtVm Lo<?al<»er and Morgan: C. E. Park's
Imp; F. Gurnett* Pard^e: J. Holland's Freddie
E; J..C. Ohlamit'F Alameda Maid.
THURePAY, JULY 5.
¦ First nixi-iiU Haw. trotting, stake — T. W*.
Farstnw'e b. ,e. Claudius: Santa Rosa stock
farm's K m. D<MUaliae; W". Hosobnom's b. p.
l>aimont; S. A. H .M-iper' s b- 6. Hobo; T. J.
Ornwiley's b, h. B^ydello.
Scmnd rac^, Brfpiiers' Futurity, three-ycar
cld pacers— Santa Rosa stork farm's b. f. Va
lita: C. A. 'Owen's b. c. Dikon 1); Kinsbar?' A
Hogcboom'ji br. c. Waldstein Jr.; J. L. Bc>r
<3<>n's eh. <-. N L. B.
Third nct~. Special. " . .
FRII>AT. JtXT «.
First race. 2:40 -class trottinc stake— Ptioe &
Baldwins U. s.. Fanta Anit« Star- J M. Cof
fins hr. jr. Puerto Uico: J=". Williams' b. m
fr.a K; P. W. Hadgf-'s b. m. ; -Athertoe;. W.
Hocobeom'a ;' b. m. Lady Me; Nutwood st'Xk
farm's Kg. Bob I ncersoll : II. \v. Ueek's b.
ni. Janl^p; R. K. Muloihy's b. f. Alironetta:
E.Tophmm'm s. jt. Jtian Chico; A. H. t-preckel8"
ch. m. Zarina ard \.. m. Prinr^ss Christine.
Second race, tar members Ooldf-n Gate Driv
ing O'.-jb— I. R 3">a!ze!l'« Ste\e- \v. Vaa : Ke
min> Mattie B: J. C. Ofalandt'a Harvey B- J
CincelJo's Lilith: fi. XV. Kinps-hury's Lyn'all:
V. Croner'8 Butcher Boy; H. Patrick's Cres
cfnt.
Third race— Fpeclai.
PATfKDAV, JCLT 7.
First ran-. Prefers" Fut:irity. three-year-old
trottir.K— Santa Jtosa stock farm's bl. t Ro
*ara: Vendome stock farm's b, c. Venii')me;
Kir.E*bury * Bogctuaat* hi: f. Ealah Me; J.
B. Iverson's br. f. Dammar: K. P. Hpald'* b. c.
Ttii Smitli: .V. C. Ournett's r. c. 7/imbra.
>'*rond nee. *:J3 class pa^nr Ftak^ — H W
M«k? b. s. William Harold: <.'. p. Kapp's
b'.k. f. I. Pire'-t: S. Wiison'* b. g. \Valter K"
\V. W. VTh:tney> b. g. Sam H anl f. g. Ber
nard: D. H«ir.s' br. s. John A; E. T«r ham's br
r. Wild Xutliiwr. -. . .
Third race. ;:1K class trotting: stake — Alex.
p.p'tin's hi. m. t-atiio Knm-f*; James Suther
1jt.<3» b. r. Uric* M-Xtil: Santa # Rnsa stock
i.-irm'n b. m. Holly Dillon: • •'William Hogo
boom'sj h.m. r<rn»d"e: I>. H<-inn' b. h. Alta
Vr-la: V I>. Mo<J.fFor-« Kiear.^.r Ann; I>
Eik<*ribr"Cker"s b. m. Mjss Barnab«e.
Many of the Old Timers
Are Already on the
Ground.
Weather Is All That Could Be De
sired and Extensive Improve
ments Have Been Hade
on the Track.
READY FOR THE
RACE MEET AT
SITU ROSA
Special . Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 30.— California owners
in both the harness and running events
have" been but. lightly represented at the
meeting, here which opened on June Sf.
Tha majority of gallopers hail from Texas
and Kansas, being the. more select of the
"bush", v species. ' ; Jones, ¦ -Me Donald -the
Californian and Bishop ar? about the best
of the riders, while the others could earn
more money In the popcorn business. . :
B. Van Bokkeleri, the San Joso driver,
succeeded in annexing two harness events
with Connie, a Kansas product. He left
for the Terre Haute meet on Monday.
The entries at that racing point are said
to be light this year, an unusual occur
rence. ¦ ' . ••'• • ¦ ¦ . ' :.-: •;.;••'•-.¦ ¦ ¦
¦ Ed Gaylord, a Denver turfman, pos
sesses the best stable of harness horse.*
here. In hisstring are Yarrum. consider
ed a bright prospect, and Palsy Deane. a
mare "well entered down the line in th<t
slow classes. The same owner's black
pacer Raymond W. 2:0S>4, is going great
guns this year, and is more than HkeJy
to cut his mark to 2:05 or better.
Billy Randall is prominent with Gaunt
let, Panamint, Midlove and Montanus.
The latter horse was taken sick on the
way over from Oakland, and has not been
a starter. Gauntlet ia looked upon as a
stake horse in this section of the country,
and it is difficult to get a race to fill when
he is entered. Mtdlove has thrice shown
her heels to all the "Oregon short liners,"
and she has now been added to the unde
sirable class by the natives. Panamint
has been unlucky in his races, once being
beaten by Miss Redwood, a Colorado mare,
and again a bad start contributed to his
downfall, getting up in time to finish sec
ond to Ben Beach* a Texas three-year
old.
Bozeman and Maynard, well known on
California tracks, have riot been seen to
any advantage in the saddle. The last
named rider is well known to followers of
the ring as a clever bantam-weight. He
donned the mltta here In a preliminary to
the Jackson-Parker go, scoring quite a
hit through his cleverness.
A mild form of Influenza has been prev
alent at Overland Park, and necessitated
the temporary retirement of quite a num
ber of racers from both the running and
harness divisions. Sam Morton and Lew
McArthur. comprising the firm of Mor
ton. & McArthur, were unfortunate
enougrh to have the very useful two-year
old Game "Warden taken do~wn with the
disease. He scampered away from bis
field on the opening day, but is now
phelved. Corolla and Regelong, owned by
the same firm, have more than earned
their board and carfare. Regelong was
to-day sold to a Missouri horseman. • : ¦ ' - ;
Frank McMahon, well known as the ex
owner of Pat Morrissey, has not met with
much success. Alarla earned brackets on
one occasion, but . Croker has been a
tardy arrival In all ol hi3 essays at the
barrier. ¦.".¦•¦' • ¦¦'¦'¦¦•¦.
The starting has been performed by U.
P. UpdegrrafC of . Topeka. Kans. "Whllo
unfformlly successful -with the trotters
and pacers, his work . wtthv.the runners
was a trifle speckled. • •-. "r "•' • -. .-
Tlie fast sprinter R. . Q. Ban., formerly
owned by "Bill". Murry- of the 'Cambrideie
stable, seems to improve ¦•¦with age. ".While
formerly five and a half furlong's was ton
far, for him. on -. "Wednesday he rattled
off seven furlongs with 114 pounds in the^
saddle, and oil the following day repeat
ed the trick with six more pounds up. He
is owned by a local turfman. ... .,
Since the downfall of >Kid'V. Parker, the
pride of Denver -who met defeat at the
hands of Young: Peter Jackson, flghtlnR
has been on the. ebb, ¦ the ¦ town people
asking for time to recuperate. The next
match on the tapis. is one between Oscar
Gardner and Eddie Santry. but as yet It
has failed to arouse any show of enthu
siasm. -: f;,e..mulhollaxd,
Interesting Gossip From Colorado
Eegarding Horsemen and Boxers
;•-•¦!-.-.:. Who Are Known to Pame ' . ! :
K ¦¦:".: on This Coast. ;-^ : :
Entries Are Light in Both
Harness and Running
~ '•*' 'Races. ."*":'*
DENVER MEETING
DRAWS BUT FEW
CALIFORNIA MEN
NEW YORK. June 30.— Imp brok«> thre^
world's running records in the Advance
stakes at Sheepshead Bay to-day. Tlu
entries were Imp. Maid of Harlem and
Posthaste.: Imp took the lead at once and
went to* the half in : 40 1-5; to the flve
eighthg in 1:011-5: to the three-quartera
in 1:14; to the seven-eiphts in 1:26 4-j.
and to the mile in 1:30 2-5. two-fifths of a
second faster than the fastest mile in a
rare this year.
To the mile and an eiphth she went In
1-32 3-5 close to the world's record. Run
ning like a Hash, with .little Odom sitting
still. sh« fairly flew, reaching -the next
quarter in 2:05. faster time than was made
in the -Suburban or in the Brooklyn this
year — In fact, faster time than either of
thope racv-s was ever run In.
She was afu-r more records and she
stretched nut her stride until the earth
spun away beneath. To the mile and
thrt .-HKh'ths sho dashed in 2:1S, a new
wf.rlii'.s r«r<ird. S;ibint- ran the distance
at WnshinKton Park, Chicago, in 2:1S?4.
with Vrj pounds up.
The crowd hHrl its breath, for Imp was
still RoiriK *"a5ily and still drawing away
from thr rithers. Thorc was the mile tind
a half pole ahead and she reached It in
2:32. two seconds slower than Ooodrlch's
record, also made on the fast Chtoasr*"*
track. Hut sh* smashed the next, tho
mile : and flve-fishths record, h^ld by Hin
doocratt. and made at Morris Park in
Vm. Ills time waa 2:W. while Imps was
2:45 1-5.
Without falterins: nnd still running w*>U
within her speed, she turned Into th*
stretch. With hoof* that geMMd scarcely
to touch the jrround sh^j cam* on and
passed the post In 2:".!> 1-5. a fraction faster
than the record held by Ben Holladay—
2:59^.
What was scheduled as the feature
of the day was the Great Trial
stakes, worth Jifi.ooo to the w!nn»r.
Commando won easily, -.three lersrthin In
front of The Pa racier". It wa<« a dismal
failure as a spectacle, for Ommandn
looked so much better than th» oth<*r?«
that they looked like ?^}llr-5.r-at»r» and
were never in the contest*. Result?:
EcTIlnff. five furlor-rs— AlbrjJa wcs. Bounteous
stK-ond. Frank F.^!I tftird- Tj.ts-. 1*1 ;-i
Six furior^.w^^.in.IiTs woti. Hi» ttojmj Hi^Ii
ness «>oconi!. Autumn th:ri Titt-^. 1:"J4 4-S.
Great 'Trial. ¦¦ futurity otaiv- <To^mas-?->
won,, the Tarader «°cor.i. E!k^>rn third-'. Time.
1:114-5. Bgnnib^rt. T-<rrniy ;.»-x:=s. Wat»r
Color. Klntf Pepper.. Prince p»- p*r. Tower ni
Cairllrs. Bedeck an-1 Lorrsshrreir.an also raa.
Advanre, nn» mile and th fee-quarters — Imp
¦wan. Malri nl Harlem secorj-i. Post Haste CUrrl,
Time. 2:15 3-5. •-':¦- >.."/• : ¦[:¦.; :&.<•
Ste»i>le< > ha3' > - f'^1 cours?— Trillion iroa, JTester
se.cbml.- CHrl Tank thlr»i. TltfM. Z£3. -¦'.' ¦¦:...
S'llintf.. on? mile an4aa «is?>ijh— I>o!an!io
I»resti(ileritator second. Sir Fltzhugli tMrd.
Time, .1:19 5-5. •: .. .-¦*.;- : . '• •.-.. •
SIDNEY XTTCAS BEATEN.
Washington; Park.
Ky-by-Night Wins the Oakrwocd at
CHICAGO. June Sft; -There were U t 0fo
people at • "^Vashinstbn 'Park ¦ to-day^: and
they saw Sidney Lncas*- aa. disgraceiully.
b*aten\ln .the Oakwood hahdieap ag ;jje
was gloriously . victorious just or^ie week
asp to the American Derby., Lobas waS.a
slight favorite for today's »»». trtzt ... a a
he had the midget J. aiartfn in th« Baddl*.
th^ r. three-year-old seemed to thfnk'.lc was
a- joke, and not a. rajce. The field was sent
away with Lucas hopelessly in the rear,
and although .he overtook .part of the!
bunch in the Ja?t part of the race he never
jifot close to the front and. finished far
ko/>|p. '¦'¦-.> ; ¦¦•--•'..'.¦¦¦...'.-¦¦.:.-¦.¦;.¦
The winner turned up in Barney Schrelb
er's Fly-by-Xisht. at 8 to 1. He had Eutl
man up. the boy who has been riding Sid
ney. Lucas, and carried IIS pounds* A six
teenth front home Bullman had to drive
hard to-.staU off Sam Phillips, which was
beaten only by a- neck. • .' . . .. . ¦ . ¦ .
Schreiber's tlllv Inshot won. the last race,
after having been backed from K> to 1 to
30 to 1. Results:. . ". ,<
One mile and twenty yards— The Elector
woo. Lieutenant . GIbaon second, Zoroastar
third. Time,. 1 41%, ..". -
Five furlonafs— Alard S^ 1 heck won. Harry Her
erden second.- EM Cox third. Time. 1:02'^
Oakwood handicap, one ami: a sixteenth miles
— Fly-by-Xisrht won. Sam Fhiltlrs second, Ad
dea tiird. Tim&. 1^2. : : . ..
One and a sixteenth mlJes. gellinr— The Ro
man won, Orlmar second, Patrpoa third. Time.
1:41%.: ....
Six furlongs— May Beach won. Mldwcod sec
ond. Atlante third. Time. 11334.
Five f urlonira — Inshot won. Fanejrwood »ec
ond, Cora Qoetz third. Time. 1:02. -
Commando Outclasses His Field ia
the Rich Great Trial Fixture
\ and Wins as He
: '.: •'¦.;'.;;'•-¦' Pleases.
"Black Whirlwind" ; Takes
the Advance Stakes in
- 7 Past Time.
IMP FRACTURES
THREE RECORDS
AT SHEEPSHEAD
Sacramento 6, Oakland 2.
SACRAMENTO.
Twelve innings of good baseball were
furnished by the Senators. and Dudes at
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon.
Sacramento scored twice in the first, Oak
land failing to get a man over the plate
Until, the:fourth, and once again in the
sixth. - .- -.-' " : -..-' '; ,.:¦". ¦•¦ > ¦' ¦ ' :
Moskiman was suffering from bad eye,
dropping two flies, and each time they
were sent put to him by "Truck" Eagan.
The runs: scored by . Sacramento in .the
first inning were up to Moskiman, as he
dropped a long fly from Eagan, leaving
the doughty "Truck" on second.^ Deve
reaux had been presented with his base by
the chief, and they both scored on Stan
ley's long hit. . • •':" •
For Oakland Drennan hit safely over
second for a base, stole the middle bag.
but was caught on third by Eagan s rapid
handling of a hot grounder from Lange.
The latter reached first, but was thrown
out at second by Stanley. Hutchison
walked and Hardie was struck out, retir
ing the side. ' ¦ - • /
Sacramento went out in one, two, tnree
order in the second. Oakland fared : no
In the third Devere4ur.hit to short but
waS thrown out at first. Eagan reached
first through an error of Hutchison and
was forced to second by Hughes hit to
Borchers. The chief threw his rival put
at first and Hanlon flew out. -. '
Drennan was the only Dude to reach,
first. Stultz dropped his easy fly, but the
other Senators held on like grim death to
long flies from Mangerina arid Borchers.
Lange was thrown out at first by Lagan.
Sacramento was quickly retired in tne
fourth Stanley was beat to first by
Borchers, Doyle was caught out by Ar
rellanes and Stultz was thrown out at first
by Francks. . •• ' " ¦ • ' • .' '
Oakland woke up in this Inning. Hutcn-
Jnson hit safely to center*: stole second,
reached third on a wild pitch by Hughes
and scored on Franck's hit to left. Hardie
was given his base on balls, Moskiman
secriflced and the side was retired on Ar
rellane's fly to McLaughlln, Hardie being
thrown out at tho plato. • . -, . ¦-;.-.
In the fifth Dennie- struck out. Mcl^auffh
lln walked. Deveraux flew out to r ranck s
and Eagan fanned the air.. • ¦!'¦'¦
Mangarlna reached first on a nit over
Hanlon'e head, Borchers flew to Dennie,
Drennan hit to: Hanlon, who killed Man
garina at second, and Lange struck out.
In the sixth Hughes and Shanahan
struck out, Hanlon hit safely, stole second
and third, but died there, ft Mangerina
fielded a short.hftof Doyle,, thro wing him.
For the budes Hutchlnson hit for two
bags, advanced by •Hardie's.fly to Dennie
and scored on Frarick's safe hit past thirty
Moskiman was thrown out at first and
Mangerina flew out to McLaUghhn.
The seventh, eighth and. ninth were
scenes .of quick action, .both sides gom?
out by flies and strike outs and a double
play oy Francks to Hutchlnson. The tenth
was the commencement of overtime and
did not suit the players, and they tried
their hardest to score, but were retired In
short order. The same- thing. was repeated
in the eleventh. ¦ ¦ .. ¦
In the twelfth came the fireworks. The.
Senators opened .up. on Borchers. Mc-
Laughlln got to first on the miss of a
hard chance by Francks; Devereaux hit to
Borchers. who fumbled the ball, threw. it
to Hutchinson,' who dropped it, and Me-
Lauphlin scored. Eagan hit to Francks,
but was thrown out, advancing Devereaux
to third and the "old man" scored on
Hughes' hit. Hanlon hit safe, advancing.
Hughes to third. Shanahan struck out,
but Doyle hit safe, scoring Hughes. A
play was made to catch Doyle. on second,
but It failed and- Hanlon walked In. Lange
made a hit for tho Dudes, but died, as the
next three men went out in one.two, three
order. The score: ' ¦ • ' ¦ • .
. : * AB. R. EH. SB; PO. A. i E.
McLauBhlln. I. f-... 6 1 0 15 0 j
Devereaux, 3b 4 20 1 1 .2 0
Eagan. c. & s. s 5 1 0 0.6.30
Hughes, p...."..'. 6 1 2 0 13 0
Hanlonls. B. & lb... 4 1 3 2, B 2 1
Stanley, c 2 0 1 0 3 .1 0
Doyle. lb&C.f f: 0.1 0 go 0
Stultz 2b 5 0 1 .0 3 1 2
Dennie, r. f...."..,... 4 0 • 0 0 2 1 0.
Shanahan. c. f 3 0 ¦ _Q J : Jtt JL.
Totals ... .Li.**. 6 8 . 4 S« 13 3
OAKLAND. : . !
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. e. f * 0 1; 1.1 0 0
I^inRe 3b... •> 6 0 1-2.0 3 0
Hutchinson. lb.' 6 2 ' 2 1 1-6- 1. 3
Hardie. r.. f .-,.6 0 0 0 1 - 0 , 0
Francks, ». s 6 0 2 .0 ' 2 .7 1
Arellanes. 2b 5 0.0.0 .2 2.0
Mosklman. 1. t..:.... 5. 0 1. I 1. 0 2
MaJiKertna. c,; 5. 0 Z 2 .12. "r. 0.
Borchers, .p.:., •• 6 .0 -. 0 - 0 1 6. 0
Totals ...,!!.. ...".4S 2. 9; '7. 38; .20 1
.; . ; RUNS. AND HITS BY IFXlXCiSi ¦. ; •"
gax;rairiento' 1.-..2" 0 0 0 0'0' 6: 0 0 0. 0 -4—fr
¦Base hits....;..! Q fl 0 0.1.1 0 1.1-0 3—S
Oakland ..0 0 0 1. 0.1 0: 0 0 0 0- Ot-3
Base hits.......1. Q O.;2 .1.2 I. 1 .Q:0: 0 1-H
.:..¦='..'•-: •..•-¦' ' SCJIMART.; ¦/;¦%: . /'" • ¦'<"¦'.
¦¦ Two-ba>e hit—Hvitcblnsort^ Sacrifice! hlt-rMbsi.-.
¦klmari. ': First.' base or\ errcrrs-^Sacramento: 5.:,
Oakland'3. First base -on called balls'-.Sacra^
mchto 1,! Oakland 1. 'Leftorirbasesr-Sacfamenta.
9 Oakland 9.:-'Struck put—By Borcber* 1Q. -by,
¦Hughes 6. iDouble .plays—Francks to 'Hutdhln
son.- Passed-baHs^KaBa-n X. 'Mkriserina. 1. Wild
pitclr-Hughes: Tljne bf: game -2:4^.. ilBipire
jponahue. Official 8cpr.e.rr-J/ W. • Stapietpn.' ¦; •-.
..; •. •¦•, :".'..-¦'.,; ,
"
San Francisco
T^Tiiis.-
SirQCKTOXi June^3<Xi-Iriablllty: .to' con
riect.. witjti Iburg's prfze.. packages ¦when
hits meant ;riins 'an?I.;. err.orgfby- locals'- at.
critical, tinrieg' lost trie garne-for Stockton
tb-dajr -by a : score of" 6 to: :1; T.lje. AVa-gps
took !tbe l#a«i;arid .werp'STiever: headed.
:"¦•¦.-'. ••!•"•'¦ ' •ab. it'.'pH.sb; m a.-e.
Ftrelb. 1>> .U:v.-..V.:--3---.X. ;l ;"'. I 0 .. -1:.
Babbitt; 2b .:.' ¦ 4 -a-v 0:-.:0 ;-5.- .4- : 0
.L0Ckhead,-s..V8i......: 4 .• 0-'. .<h .6 :4 • • ? • • }.
Pace *.- '•¦• *.".:..•.... 3.0.': *3-'. ft % '4:. 1. 1
•M<5C«irthy,- lf--.;w.\,,; 4- 0=:'.?.-•/>.;• 3 • -6-..-'-fl
Moore. 3b; ,..^./..,.>*'. 0 - 0. / .A ¦{ 3..- 2.;;- t
e?ourtney,.cf.v...-:.-.*. .0 -.: 1 ;.i:\b\: O_ 0
:JHorrt)w,:rf i.vi.-v... 4 ;....O :O;\ 0.¦•;%„. a .' .1
" Harper, vP.",.i.v-v«v*. 9 r .ft -..'-0 ;:"• ¦ 0 -O \ ¦ 0:
'<':^Totals..'./;'.». .i'.-. l- '¦;:„! -\2*' u° s'
:.' '• -.; / - s \ gAK.FRAN^igcp.,- ;;•:.:;: r; .:' .-=.
&X- '¦":. ¦.";•::; ;; ab". 'it sH. sb.:po: a;'e.
¦ Brocichoffi cjr.:..,.::r . 1 .-i-; a ••' i ;• :fu.1.
HlJdebrsntlt.: rf. :......3i .. l:;-..l .. 0-.-. 3 ; .0- : 0
Scbwarti.: 2b i. -*',..- 2., 1 : 0- t-2'JV«i",-'*l-?4.
Snllivan. c. ."-"'— :-*- '- - 1 ° • 0:" : 12 ¦ "° ; 2
Pafest, Ib- v.-:X.»»'i 3, • o • xi: . .0- :• s v- p. ..«
Levy." ".'if. • "..;./....•../ 4. - 1. rX. 0:. 3.. 0.. 1
White, - ft; ....!:... • • •>• -2.' •'. 1' • •*-. V 0 ¦ • 6- 0- - 0
lbur?.-/p_.;;,;A.:-..>.-:^Jj-;•«.,:;*:; :-"°«" r V *;.-'*¦
':'jotais 2;.;..;!;.:...,S.I ~x^^ti::.:^l;' 1
X: ;: HUNS: ANEI .IIITS BY; JNNI^GSJ': '" ".'
Stbck'tori i...-.'.:. i.ViO i> tf 0 <f':: \. 0 .ff 0-^1
Basse Jilp»;.;.k..:'...'..';.O" 1- l r.;7:« =O 0. X 2^1
San • Fr»rici3sco-......:..i-0 ,0 " 1 ' 2'- 3. D- .1. 0¦*—*>¦
•/: Base hits..:: ",V,-....... vA; .1.0.20' & X I £ft
StJIMARY.
r vRuns- .responsible for— Harper '-2. -iTwo-bafce
lilt— Levy... ;Three-toas6 hU-rStreiti.- Sacrifice
hits-^Iburg-i-Pabet- •• Double "plays — Lpckh«ad to
.Babbitt! Iburg. to Pabst; I,evy,t9 Silllivan. Hit
by pitcher— White; •: First, base. on' balls— Saa
Franclsc!o 5. -Stockton '2.-" Struck out-^-By ; Har^
.per i. by- Ibarg 8.- - Passed ba31— Pace. . Left on
bases^-S.to<:ktoiy <-,. -San. Franoisco ' 6. /'. Time • 6t
gr'^iner-l:53/ . : Umpire*- j." O'Connell." • Scorer— A .
H.- Harlla. . •'. ¦ . ; '. >•¦".'"' ' •;. ••• t f3HBi
Capital City Players Solve Borcher's
Curves Toward the End and
Score the Necessary! ;
¦'¦¦, . ' : ' ; Runs.':' ; '.,-•: : - -: : ';' ".
Dudes Put Up a Good Pight,
i. but Go Down in . :
;¦ •¦ -v ¦¦¦¦-'; 'Defeat.": ¦-" : 'i::'- : yr: : ' :
Both Hounds Are Heavily
: Backed to Win the Stake :
/ at Union Park.
Some Fast Coursing in the First
> Bound of a One Hundred and
\~J± --^ ; vTwentyJr^iglit IH>g -•'
' '>y.: ¦ '•' ; ; Event. ' ; '- '' ; '.:
Open stake, first round— Curtis .& Sons'-
Maud S beat Russell, Allen Se Wilson's Chicago
Boy, 3-1; C. B. Charlesworth's Crawford Braes:
beat T.ovi-e & Thompsons Cora Pearl, 7-4; G.
W. Helms' b Hersehefs Pride beat J. Hurley's
Hurricane. 8-4; N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony
boat. 'J. -Hurtey'a O K Capitol. 5-4; P. J.-Rell
ley's The Grafter beat George Sharman's Bow
ery Boy. S-6; Russell, Allen & WLlson's Mtss
Allen beat Gus. Abereromble's Rock Island
Boy 14-1; F. ;C. Mack's Delia M beat J. Ma
her's Swedish, 6-0; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley
beat T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale. 3-1; F. A.
McComb's Sir Pasha beat T. J. Cronin's TTiorn
hUl,¦¦»-<>: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Em
ma beat. Kay Bros:' Hawker, 8-0: P. J. Rell
ly's'"Warship heat I^anrte & Gerber^s Rienzle,
8-3; J. P.. Smith'* Sylvanus beat H. . A; Deck
elman's Glen Chide. 9-5; Curtis & Sftns' Luxor
beat Jeff Martenefs Bill Foster. .5-0; Sterl.&
Knowles' O'Hara won by default . from X>.
Winders' Risky Attempt after an undecided:
Erwtn & Lyons' Silver Wings beat J. Mc-
Neil's Black Hawk. R-4: Curtis & Sons' Klnc
Cotton beat P. J. Rellly's Ploushboy. 10-O;
Lowe & Thompson's Over the Border beat Cap
tain Clarkson's Headwater. S-4.: Aeneid Ken
nels' Fine Fire beat J. H. Smith's Lady Sears.
5-0; J J. Kenney's Hot Haste beat Curtl* &
Sons' Narcissus, 4-2; C. W. Bonar'a Wild
Norah beat J. Seggerson'B Gold Hill. -6-1; B.
Handy'B Twin- City Girl beat J. Byrnes' Olym
pus 5-3; Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter beat
J. P. Thrift'* Forget. 4-3; J. Hurley's Shylock
Boy beat Jeff Martenet'a Slim. l'l-3: Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead beat Sullivan &
Tralnor's Castle Island Boy. 7-3; Captain
Cane's Grcenhall beat J. Dean's Grenada. 8-3;
Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island King: beat H.
fcynch's Lexington. 3-2: J. R. Smith's Jennie.
Wilson beat Gus Abercrombie's Victor King,
6-0- RusseM. Allen & Wilson's Magic beat E..
Geary's America, 6-2: H. A. Deckelman's Snap
shot beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Daisy
Claire, 3-2- Russell, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful
beat M. Mtrhlliki's Terronlte, 4-0: H. A. Deck
elman's Lawrence beat F. Schou's Smug
gler 10-3; T. Tierney"s Tea Rose
beat A. L. Austin's Firm Foe, 10-8;
J. Dean's I>ady Claire beat Jeff Martenefa
Sally Brass 4-0; J. Byrnes' Battleship beat W.
C. Glasson'B Santonin. 10-1; D. Dillon's Prince
George beat Bartels Bros.' Best Bargain, 9-7;
R L. Taylor's Mose beat T. *J. Cronin's Wild
Tralee. 8-7; Curtis & Sons' Cavalier beat W. C.
Glasson's P!eigh Bells; 7-4; M. Dunlea's Erin
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo. 8-2; P. C.
O'Dowd's Cascade beat Murphy A- Parktnson's
Ben Lomrmd. 10-S; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy
beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha. 9-5; Captain
Cane's Rose of Arden beat II.' A; Deckelman's
Ruby Rocket; 6-4; R. K. de B. Lopez's Sara
beat Jeff Martenet's Bernal Boy, 5-0; Lowe &
Thompson's Scoth Keel beat E. M. Kellogg's
Ben's Babe. S-0; E. M-. KelloBK's Sweet Emma
beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief. 9-4: D. Dillon's
Uew Drop beat H. Lynch's Kmma M.-. 8-7:
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat George Neth
ercott's Floodgate, 6-0: Curtis & Sons' Old Glory
beat Aem-ld Kennels*' Maid of Erin. 5-0: E.
Geary's Palo Alto a bye; Curtis & Sons' Can
delaria beat J. O'Dowd's Shootover.' 10-4; F. A.-
McComb's Patriot beat J. Smith's Master
Workman.'- 10-8; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie
AVa Wa beat J. J- Kenny's . Winning Lassie,
25-7: Pasha Kennels' Round About beat A. L.
Austin' s-' Nora Lawrence. S-6;-H. Lynch's Lottie
M beat J. Button's Mayflower, 6-3; F. Schou's
•King's Borderer beat J. Carroll's Bluestpne,
lO-r» v J. Suttori's Master Lawrence beat Curtii
& Sons'" Shadow. 11-6; J. H.:Peri£o's.Bohe beat
J^: Carroll's Auckland. «»4:- J; Byrnes' Eleven
spot beat Russell, Allen & ."Wilson's Rose Claire.
5-0- D • "Winders' Lundlh • Links- beat J-- R»
Smith's Pptronlus, 14-1; J: II, Perigo's Control
le'r beat >V. Cramer's Onward, 5-0;- Bartels
Bros.' Bee> BreWer beat E. p. Falton'a LUy.of
the. West; 5^3: B»M. : KellogK's Kid McCoy beat
Ei-win. & Lyon's pny«r Lyori, 9-7; I'asha Ken
nels' 'Royal Anne beat- Curtis & Sons' -.Flying
Fox, 10-7 ; : Russell," ¦ Allen :& Wilson's Belle
Claire' beat P. Brophy's Benicla, Boy,-, 8-1: D,
Winders' Random Aim bejit J. L; Robs' J L R,
6-0. : : ¦ ;-' ¦ ¦ . ''¦"¦-. , '¦:¦¦ :•:¦ : -\ '¦¦¦'.
Curtis &. Sons' Luxor beat Bill Fister
pointless in the first round, and, with Palo
Alto, is looked upon as the good thing in
to-day's finals. Both dogs were quoted at
2 to 1 for stake honors, but Geary's speedy
one receded in the betting to 3 to 1 owing
to a long bye with Narcissus, who was
substituted for St. Michael. Despite this
handicap Palo Alto has a strong backing.
Captain Cane's Greenhall is figured by the
wise ones to be in a good position to take
first money. Greenhall has landed 128-dog
stakes on two occasions, and it looks easy
for him to get, well down-on the card.
Rose of Arden, the captain's recent addi
tion to his kennel of faset ones, has made
a good impression on the dog men. On her
first time out she certainly showed plenty
of speed, and predictions of a great future
were freely made for the recent importa
tion of England's noted stock.
The best short ends were: Hot Haste
beat Narcissus 2 to.l, Shylock Boy beat
Slim 3 to 1, May Hempstead beat Castle
Island Boy 5 to 1, Cascade beat Ben Lo
mond 6 to 1, Klevenspot beat Rpsie Claire
3 to 1, Royal Anne beat Flying Fox 8 to 1.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, are appended;-
Warship put up a good course, about the
best of the day. He led the fast Rienzl
five lengths and won out with a score of
S to 5. The talent fancy his chances as the
stake winner, and a heavy play at .4 to 1
has been made on him in the long od«is
book. . V v . !:..*''¦ .. ¦ '¦. '¦ . .
Fourteen short ends broke the monotony
for the pikers, some of the wins being at
good -odds. • ¦' ¦ ¦ ' • .
| The new . coursing . schedule •¦ was' in
augurated yesterday' at Union Park under
most favorable : auspices. The big stake
was a /nearly even affair, and as an exhi
bition of good coursing was a success. The
attendance wag far above the Saturday
average, and many of the Ingleslde
habitues mingled with (he crowd. "a
Two Magnificent Boatr aces
: on the Poughkeepsie
Course. . -" '
Quakers Capture the Varsity . Four-
Mile Event and the Badger
¦ ;. : Freshmen Crew Outrows "
the Eastern Oarsmen- . ;
• At the three.snd;a half mile point Penn
sylvania had. a half length lead. Cornell
•was fighting -desperately to. stay in with
the leaders and was only the ¦ fraction of
a/length: behind the : . "Wisconsin 1 boat: Sud
denly, it. seemed as ,«f ; all her men lost
their ' strength ' togethpr^.-.f or the-, befat- &.U
most- ceased 'its'-'momentUrn and then went
on very slowly toward the : flnishingline:
/As ¦ they. -went through : the . lasUquarter
of a roile. Wisconsin tried .desperately- to
take 'the-.lea'd away Ir6m VPennsylvania
and' jtwq'.<E>r three' times the: nose of the
shell .rahrun- Almost- even . with- that • of
her opponent. 1 :; But .Jt/Was'; too : close! ; tq.
the: finish line and Pennsylvania respond
ed every : time "until the line was. crossed
In 19 mih.' 44 3-5 sec.%; while: Wisconsin fln
fshed less -than : three-quarters. of a" length,
behind. Cornell ; finished five • and a.: half
.boat lengths: in- -the rear, with Columbia"
very .close to \them. because of the^ for.
rner's 'callSpsei and'. Georgetown : four
lengths to. the-rear! of Columbia. , ; ; : .
Cornel) Drops Back.
¦¦ So they fought every inch. of .the way to
the two mile mark. Georgetown, however,
with its nervous. Jerky stroke,: was begin
ning to fall' behind tho.' three crews that
were fighting for first' place. As they
passed th« mark Wisconsin.. and Pennsyl
vania were on absolutely even terms,
while Cornell. was about'a half length be
hind. As they, passed. the three/- mile ihark
Pennsylvania .had- -a!" quarter .of. a length
advantage- over' \Vjpc.Qnsin.," while -'Wiscon
sin had a: half length, oyer ¦' Cornell.-
Georgetown . hkd lds't" its' -speed by this'
tlrhe arid- Columbia! had. gradually drawn
up on them.- .. ¦ ; ;*;•¦ ;. ; -. . ¦-.-•,••.
When the mile mark was reached Wis
consin and Pennsylvania were neck and
neck, with Cornell about a half length be
hind. Between the one and the one and a
half mile Cornell answered the spurt and
came up with the leaders. The noses of
the three shells crossed the one arid. a half
mile absolutely even.. • Wisconsin, how
ever, pulled out just .after that point and
shoved her cockswain up even with: the
other two crews' stroke oars- and then'
they began seasawlng for first place.
Just as they approached the mile mark
Pennsylvania suddenly spurted. Wiscon
sin answered the spurt and in fighting
each other both passed Cornell.
Before the first four crews had gone ten
lengths Cornell had pulled her shell's,
nose out of the bunch. At the third of a
mile mark Cornell had an advantage of
about a third of a length over Wisconsin,
which had managed to get its shell just
ahead of the Pennsylvania shell. George
town was hanging on to Pennsylvania In
a desperate manner, but It was perfectly
evident that she could not last.
In the varsity race Cornell and Pennsyl
vania caught the water first and got off
together, with Georgetown <ind AVisconsln
following them closely, while Columbia
from the first stroke dropped to the rear,
never changing her position during the
entire race.
Thrilling Test of Endurance.
Slowly the Quakers continued to force
their boat to the front and it required an
appeal to the judges to learn that, the
Pennsylvania boys had snatched the
honor of belnj? second to the magnificent
eight from the West by a scant fifth of
a lenprth.
There was some delay in getting the
freshmen off. The race was started a
minute and a half after the hour. The
Wisconsin youngsters Jumped Into the
lead at the crack of the pisfcol and -were
never headed. They had a spring}' move
ment to their bodies which made their
rowing look confident and easy, and they
worked their sweeps as though they were
out for a pleasure spin. But Cornell and
Pennsylvania furnished plenty of snlco to
season with excitement the admiration
raised by the .Wisconsin boys. ' '
As they passed under the bridge, half
way down the course, Cornell was follow
ing the leaders very closely, when sud
denly some one shouted a warning and
the Ithican coach became aware that
Pennsylvania was . spurting and that his
position was in danger. The Cornell men
responded with a will and there began a
spin through the last half mile that
brought the tired crowd to their feet. As
they dug down the stretch there were
crie's on every side Of "It's Cornell !" "It's
Pennsylvania"' and nobody knew who It
was.
Wisconsin Wins All the Way.
The races set to take place between 4
and 6 o'clock had to be postponed because
of wind. Pennsylvania and Wisconsin
during the whole four miles throughout
the varsity race kept the shells lapped,
and at no time was there clear water be
tween them. The same was true of the
Cornell. Columbia and. Georgetown
crews. The fight between Pennsylvania
and Wisconsin became so exciting from
the continued uncertainty that the
crowds aboard the observation train
fairly lost themselves as the boats swept
down into the stretch, and forgetting
entirely their partisanship, they arose to
their fept and, with hats, llags-uncl hand
kerchiefs waving wildly about their
heads, screamed themselves hoarse In
their admiration of the contest.
Cornell, at the head of the trio that
followed the two leaders, worked so hard
that as they flew into the last quarter
of a mile her shell began to lose speed
and It was seen that two of her meit had
collapsed. She took her third place by
heroic work.
As the Pennsylvania and W Isconsin
shells cut the tini?h line and began to lose
momentum the exhausted oarsmen, re
laxing themselves from their terrible
work. shouted a pretty exchange
of congratulations, while those aboard
that part of the observation train opposite
them raised their voices in a hoaree shout
of approval. *J ' . :
Freshmen race, distance two miles—Contest
ants Pennsylvania, -Wisconsin. Columbia and
Cornell. Wisconsin won In 9 minutes 45 1-5
seconds, Pennsylvania second. Cornell third,
Columbia fourth. . . .
University race, four : miles *— Contestants
Pennsylvania. Wisconsin. Cornell. Columbia
and Georgetown. Pennsylvania won In 19 min
utes 44 3-5 seconds, Wisconsin second, Cornell
third, Columbia fourth, Georgetown fifth. In
this event there was: never at any time open
water between the crews that finished first and
second. . . ¦- •- _
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. T., June 30.—
One of the most magnificent races in the
history of college aquatics; for years
was the varsity race rowed on the Hud
son course this afternoon. Following it
was an equally exciting two-mile' brush
among the freshmen crews, and then it
was so dark that the four-oared race had
to be postponed until Monday. Here is
the record: . '•.•- !• '.-.
PENNSYLVANIA
AND WISCONSIN
SHARE HONORS
PALO ALTO AND
LUXOR FIGURE
AS FAVORITES
SPORTING PAGE
SENATORS WIN
A GAME IH THE
TWELFTH INNING
TJUL13 SAN FRANqiSCq CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1, 1900.
Fischer the Tennis" Champion
.N'EW: . YORK.: June 3b.-^The champion
ship round for. the •Metrppplltah' Tennis
Chssipiorishlp \va8 played this. afterndon,
and . tiij-. holder, . E.. P. Fisdher,: success
fully defended his trophy, against
Wright -Of -Harvard.:- FUcher-ls now <iu
permanent" possession,, of the challenge
bowl. -Score:. 3-45. 10— C.'S^.
Olymplaiis as Hunters.
• • A part>-;6f piymplc o.Club menHeaye
shortly Tcr a month's outing in. Sojiqma
C'ounty. They will .camp but arid expect^to
wet. a lot of big came. The parxy
made •up', Of-, the following named: ' Edwin
F.. H.S.. Gus. A: H.:and Robert ft. .Rirss."
Joseph .Ahearrj, George Knell anrl Charles
Wagner. . '•¦¦":; .',-; '¦"¦ ¦ .-. ¦? -• .: s - -.
AMERIC AN ATHLETES JWTN".
Princeton's Fine Showing in Competi-
24
Ih ill i ions <us@ . :.
-. • CASCARETS. Surprising 1 , isn't it. that Trithiir throe* vc>ars crur-' ¦
. " sales are over 5,0-30,000 boxes a year? That proves merit/ Casc» : v ;
rets do pood for so many others, that we urjje vou to try iiist a"lOc ' •
¦¦. box- Don't put it off : Do it today. : ... •; •-.-•.•;'
J0t$J3^ CANDY CATHARTIC '
! When you ask for Cascarets, don't let. the dealer substitute some- .
;.' thing 1 else. There is nothing- else as. g-ood as Cascarets, and if yon'. ¦
• . are^ot pleased we pay your money back. 10c,"25c, 50c, all drug- '"-
¦*,. ffists. - Sample and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Ck>..
U Chio^b'or New- York. » - . " " \.\? ¦'.
| Best for the Bowels
¦ h & ' •"¦¦-. A TT^T^^i^^^^^^^^^ "*!S ¦ flS
SS -A V* V€ t* *^ r* l"%i I • h
|3 ¦ . - . X*. FI\COw*i JL . ti
M I will put AN EXTRA WEEK'S SUPPLY of Wonder-Workers «s A PRESENT fl
M with every box of this remedy SOLD DURING THIS MONTH to men who men- m
£§} . tion this cdvertiseoient and this paper v, hen they order the medicine, r
B BE CERTAIN TO MENTION THIS PAPER and advertisement wbeo you order. £3
p3 :"¦ Beck's Wondcr-Worfcors For Men are call-d "The Wcra-Out Man's Best Friead"by 9k
gi more than 200,000 men wild havj been r«tored to Perfect Vieor md Fall Maahood by f7
t§ their us«. No man who ever used them, cne tablet at * dose tares times a day. railed to J
ZBB get well, no matter what his age or what caused his weakness. Cure jcrur&elf at home. ">f
P| I have more than 50,000 testimonials from Men who ha>e been Cured. *
H YOUNG MAN! ¦/ 0>^pAJESSa!5Sc '¦•'¦• OLD MAN! B
:© ' :"' TIrc.nsandsof yonnj •.' ' ¦ . '//&&<^^iOBte^^sT*^ ' ' ¦' '¦'. Tllb«8»ad» of Old "iS
K :nni' middle • aged ' •• .' /t^S^/^ ' J^- . jRi-^V >v\ ' - ; ¦• la * II » wl>o t^ OB f. j1 * : Bl
!jj < : ncncrowia^pr«ai3- ' ' /\y?/ / '.-.' &y"A : *Sb&\ ' tieir- remal n t n * JJ-i
W? . tare-ly oldaniica tno : //#>/ • 1^ e53 \v^\ iUji on *arth wonlj ffr!
rf Tfrfj'ot dre-3 par*- .' . /^S^r ¦ YT^ S^Si ¦ aC«^\ ': 1>* tew.now bless th« \ks
S .. esls.. because •' «f ; /»*^2'/ T*^» : \t7^\ a * r ta*t they com- Jisi
K 1 the practico of Tlce • ! \m~~.J- ¦¦'' ' «S ¦¦'' .i^£W Aj.' '.\ ¦ '*J» ¦"• -'Tneaced the n»«i of
HK .or excesnet, have; fiSh4-<S*r»^ -^*B->' J *T&>& w»i»^--=5« '.this mates! of all -81
.£*• :bsen rejtored to V.^viA^i i<* \Zz+fj yV,*?^ t-^^^^] pala sil>rs an^'f a- w*i
£ ¦' perfect strenjrthanj;'- w^>g^J»J &£*jFV Jl /&« iSiW^O 'uiBfti^ea^th buUd- fcj
Pjt ' plorioua: • manhood , \- I . £iS*j£fs*^/ '/^le 1 ¦ ?~^ •>»..- Wondar- fel
K by the- asp of this A _A V ' V^a^fi^jWA H Workers win J3J
EsJ • wom-ant m>»u> b<-. 6 t " \ *<\ i Sx&iJ ft / )*a> : V^J O? / ••¦¦ brine- «i>oo:»dogre« g3
jRJ ..frlfnd.aadlf yonuse. \ <k\ #>^'CJf/ \V •¦"/¦¦/ W?/ cf hcaltii anJ flS
mi ~ : Wonderworker's ' .' V^-VV y&Xf»/jr • ' A*F/ '•' strength -for. yoa Bg
K -you will snrpris*'' -" . • \ -'aV . <¦ ' yX. ¦ J '• '¦'-": "***T beroad ..the 1 9S
El -'Toncself and - yoar ". '¦ "^kT^ ¦ ¦' :'-y*Zc^*S' : ' average pan *t roar : SB
K 7 friends : by becort- . .' • '.' "¦ ', V fit +?<~1 z- ¦" ¦¦'¦'¦ .^aOO/ : ¦ : - . : years, and c1t» T«to
ga^ lag a. strong, macly := >«<yy/)r : jC — 77«r\^tX>>^ errat^peac* aaj ¥3
B -mu.- ,¦-.-..-.: ; .../•.'¦:• ¦ rr^s^Clr *^ft\yt^^ t"-'- -.''", :.««B^P' t » .--.:¦ .•"-.;•• ¦ Kf
p: Beware of Frauds who^ linitate my' -.Wonder-Workers and steal my eds. S
B jTIRfeD MAN ! n I^iV >^tCOCELE. ¦ H
ga nerire f?03» pvertwork: yoo inow.lt and lj. ;;d»t that Wonder- Workers tu«d accord- 01
H tt l *Y^iFf&*X**ifflWS* t0 : «»? lo "iwtiMtf it yon? r gom 9 . aT your 'A
B» t oa - A 011 * ac fie V«n d PP*a it .that Won- -work, wrthoat any appliances, will fall ti Vi
BS -•'¦Jt er " wVorkerB. TegeneTate -and b-alid «p ¦; oniokly. thoroaghly -»na prrmaaeaUy core, gl
M ;t^e system, of the tired mmn-,-."a<id ( rive Um - j\ d4sorgan)xr-. %'.! the. poisonous deposit.; §8
fnnqtton*! Actions to all tfie vita! ; restores^ ail the nerre current*, an<fiib»oV W
H- Si?!!?*: Botheklpdcf amaayoaonglitto lauiy aonihKat-s ¦ Varieocele-now be a H
B| • .ber^es, bt.« waal .U»e thejn at home. ... . " -.ciaa. Do not qalt work.: Use them at home. Bfl
H ; •;": i VVocdar-TVockei * do notconfaih any^hesphorus or Spaiish Fly. or -aay ttthir of the HI
M jniperals. excitants oz poisons that make the' Tile nostrums sold by the frauds and qnaeks i X&
ra to^dangeroas to^huiuan lite, and itiiPexfe<;tljr&»ie .taw them nflder any clrctnastaacea. •-': Q
Eg Head My Affidavit oJF Protection. '•¦'..". v 'lSt» ; ii'i% : Wt^^Work£B; : ;H
¦S^iSSKtefeS^^^^ : The price of WOWH^ORKXRS U 0.1, H
B3 ' tion,- Pain In the Batf.t.- and; ia Enfrrbl'd' - •f^ e f»-*Jr «pti-es»;al.yoar expense. It will «
W-iS^^'j/w'teg^fR^h^gS v cost yc^ cents to^ltfraayoare..; fl
»a^rea, and there-is no scbeci> "of M any kin" -.- press . office,- if you send %t.l5 I will send |2
H t t rt th S^rrn 0 i ;« 1 iH 0; «l, ECK - «*^-y""-a Prepaid, tho, s^ it »q yo « te« fi
I -iflrtSfdSw <S?oSrV??6°88^ > ce«t S ,;i 9 lvea»«mweek-s MW W« a g
Ml .;: QBO.A. BEARD, Notary Public. . PRtSENT vi-ith each box crdcred this month. RS
Ma -\ ¦ luza tKe only man in the medicine' business' who hast lolemnly sworn that tho med- - SB
|»|..1clnc a be sells cured himself, and that the naross of all who bav trill b« held sacred I am fed
Wk : the sole owner and prpprietor of "BeckS Powder-Workers lor Men." and Inevet haTe ttS
ma had..donotDow,;norne*er willhaye any afiHations. Ja »Ey wa»wiUi the "CO. D/ 1 black- B
H : I?t^. • rs " VP°f tor y "MaiPTj -impostera.' "Free Trial*! : hatnbrij;*. ¦ '•Magnetic^- fakirs, or J4
K| 'Dtvice Hc^ier" scamps, every cne of whom '»!¦•; pnworth» of the patrcnage of any K9
BS man .< X f 3tou hare any doubt about me write^.to Mr. A; R. Cobaash. Cashier of the First »J
M- National Bank of this city (the bank of which Ex-Cpyernor Bnshnell, of Ohio ia Prss> H
P| -:dent) or to any. of your friends who may be living: here.: Sincerely yonr friend, M
M GEO. S. BEGK^ 420 SoJ Market St.; SPRINGFIELD, OHIO, mMorning— .'•Spiritual-' Revelatfon of ¦ Jesu»
Cniist."'. Evening — "Two Services : and
¦ .-'.. Their -:-Rewarda."-.' .".:';•>: •.. • •¦- ¦ '.'¦¦;[¦>»;¦
Mornins— "The Struggle and the Victon'."
; Evening:— "Love: of Country." . • : : . .-: : :•
Morning— Sermon and special music Eren
. lnt— Same. :' .. ; ,. _¦•.-.: :' •¦:•¦'¦..¦.,¦.•••¦¦ . ¦¦¦ '
MorninsJ-Preaching by, one of the father* at:
¦ 11 o'clock mass.:. Evening— PreacWnK. .. \
MornlnK^Rev. : Father Chlappl : will preach
, at 10:30 ¦ mass, f- Evenlnc— Rev. ; Father Ma
honey will preach;:; ¦'¦ : :.'.-'; \ • :;''.-;.';.' r.. ' ;U
Momlnc— Rev.: Father O' Ryan : will preach
¦i. at 11 o'clock mass. •-: Evenlnr— Very-- Rev.
¦¦¦ . J. ¦ J. Ptendergaat . will deliver the discpurse. .
Morning— "lIBve and. Obedience." Evenin»—
¦;- Rlehteousness.";. ; ; • " : . ;¦: ; ;: -.-
Morning— "The PYlce- of ;• Liberty." : Even
. ingTT* 'Called to Llberty." ; . : . .•-•:;•.¦¦{;•;-. >>-i;;-.; ;'.'
Morning— 'The. Troubled ; Heart." Evening
: —"The .Declaration of American Liberty."
Morning— "EndurlngiUmo the End.V'Even
: ing— * 'The Life of- P;.P,;BliS».''. ; . ; : : ; ' :.
Morning— Preaching. ¦ Evening— Sam*. ;; .-• : / ¦
Morninrr-'-'-Why-'-: -We' ConiniUne.''.. ¦^Evening
.;.— "'One' . for. Another.";. ;:v : \;-' ':::¦:.''¦ -y.y:''',
M6rning^-"Con*traJnlng: Lpye.'*.: :.. Eyenlng-r
:::"My^ Country.?.- ;.;'./.- .:: :^./..'.: : : : •::. j >>-i\\ ;•.;¦ :
Morning— Professor R.-R.'-L1ot<1 will preach.
: : ; Eyening^-Same. ;'; •¦ yi:-; \ -'. "¦; :¦- - ¦ ¦.;¦¦: "-¦¦' fyy'r;,
llornlnp^-"Cro9S j aqd Grown." Evening—
- v FaUh.".-;: ,-:-,. : . ; -.;";¦:: ;/..-; "•.-:. V':?^' -'¦':'¦ ; ' ;
Mornings— Preaching.- by pastor. , Evenlng-^
:;-.'Saaie,..-j-' (•¦;¦ -;.; r :'. ';-:-'i ':' ; ;¦;?• : '- : -: ; :' - : -: ; :-:- : T-' : »:.v -V
Momingr^Preachlng by pastor. ,: . Evenlng^
v.Saaie.-:..::-:.'; ;:.;•:-'¦¦;.- -.'••'; '"'¦¦.¦' : •'•;•'• "'-ill :.< :';'¦ " ['=:";/••
Morning— ''Walking In the Light." Evening
• •: —"The; Destiny or. the. Repnblic"^ ;•: JO- ;
There will. be no. services. to-day., f'. -. ; : : ; .;
Morning— Preaching; ';¦ Eyening—Xo • eerylcef .'
Morning .^ "God,*' ••: Evening— No .evening
; cervices. ;:'!:. , *.;•¦• ,
Af tern 'oon— R«*". i; ' Ji> George ¦ Gibson :. will ad
, dress the meeting ;at[3 o'clock. -.;: '. '';¦%'¦'.¦:¦
Evening— Mrs. Nice Beck-Meyer, :: the noted
-. lecturer, will; epeak on. ''.'Nome; , Myth-,
._._.".._... I-.:-'.'.'.-'- "¦_'.._._*__ '¦•'':¦':'.'¦:
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT TH E C H U RCH ES
VETERAN OF THE WAR i ; :
"EXTINGUISHES A FIRE
Michael Quinn Climbs to the Boof of
- . ' :=¦ '. a. House; and Prevents;-: : \ i'f.r
-¦' : v- \\ : ;'.r : ; ; ; •-VDairisge. \ : >.:-\}i<^.H : ?¦'!':* :
The: habit Michael Quinn, a veteran; of
the Civil War. ha* of taking a walk after:
his evening rndal .and his observance of
matters pertaislng to the good of his
neighbors, prevented what might have
been a serious fire last night. Mr. Quinn
jBaw spares en the roof of ilacDonald's
hors«^shOelQg "¦ . -establishment at 7G5 La
guna'-street-,- and climbing to- the roof ;tore
up th? shingles, and procuring : water
stopped : the spread of the developing
flame*;- ¦¦.: : . :^v; ¦''¦¦¦¦¦.%¦ '¦¦'.'•'¦¦ '-¦¦.!¦¦¦%' ' i. : ::;^;':-.
iiniahuei Evangeltckl; Twelfth" street. ; be
¦?^S>n Market and MIssiop-Rey. ; S\ .'VH.
; ; .-Ai'thpUS*.. : .:. .'.. • ;: :'': ¦•.-.:.¦¦.;•-¦:¦¦'¦- - -¦- ; - ¦
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones-Rev.
. J3-: A.- Wpods.' ¦:.--•¦ ¦ ;:.. ' ¦;. ¦,., ;¦:¦ :. : : '. ¦..•.'¦ ¦¦
.;. George. Glhf on. ;.-::. ...;••¦:;- .-. ;-.-. : - > ; '-- : '" ' -
Et Marys. California and Duppnt streeU-;
Paull« Fathers. .. , . '-. : : - : 1 ¦..-¦-;-¦ - : ---.- : -:'¦ :
EL Ignatius. Van: Ness avenue and Hayea
,-v street— Jesuit Fathers,;;..- •'> _.' - '
St. Mary 1 b Cathedral. Van >« eS8 * ve " u^.*° d
CFarrell street- Ksv. Father PrtDderarast.
..." -V,v G. ; . .-: ¦>:-; ;:" '.;'j-.f : - .:-V':- :^-. : :fi-\\-'^-- ¦
Olivet CongreFational, Seventeenth and Noe
: . streets— Itev. H. T.: Shtgard;: V; .::;. ;,-^.--;:.
Richmond Conrresatjonal. corner Seventh
avenue and Clement . .Wreet— Rev. ... Philip
.: coombe. ;.'.: : '•.'¦;•;•.; -. ';.•; v. —'¦;¦•' ; . : - ;-¦ ;:' : ¦¦
Third CcngTP«atlr>ival. : Fifteenth «tre*t,near
-.'. Mission— Rev. .: \V»Ilam/Rade.r.: . ::;. ¦ ;-;¦.¦ ¦
First Con rregatJoflal,: . eorn«r ; ¦: Post -: and
'• Ma«an streeta— Rev. : George C. Adamg.
St. LuXe'e* corner Van: . Nees •/.. avenue and
•Clay streetST-.Rev. Ji:T,: Maekay,: : ; ;;;-. .; ; •
Uoward-street . M. : E.v : Howard 0 street, ¦;. be
tween -Eecond and Third— Hev. John A.
: B.:\Vll«on. :;:-:- : : :¦-¦ - : : .:. : f. : : : :i - -*>.¦-¦¦¦'.' .:¦.:'.:;-. "¦
Westminster. Presbyterian.' comer Page and
.Webster streets— Rev. Eqgene ¦ H. Aver}.-.
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and "B*ker »tre*ts
¦ -rR*v. Dr. Thomas.. ¦'¦:¦'. 'I'-, '-.i 7 ;'- - ':: ; : i: ; »' ¦'¦]
First UnlUd PreBbyteriah, : corner ; Golden
c 1 Gate avenue and Polk street«--Rev, ;H, IL
¦:.-'. B«ii. . ;•. v; .'-'¦:::.¦¦;: . .•-.-, : ¦j:-.--' y: ; v;vV"iy- ; .;- : -,-
Calvary Presbyterian; : corner •': Geftry -and
Powell,; streets— Rev. iJohn HensphiU... . ; -.
Flret .Presbyterlanj corner: Van »bs ave
nue and Sacramento street-r-Rev, ; R.; Mac-.
v lUtnriff.'.-;- ;••.,;.'-•:-.'¦.¦.';:-¦ : -;- : -:,.;. : ¦..-:¦-.¦ , ; .' . ¦ . ' :¦: V'- •¦ " ';'•- :'¦
Miemcrtal Prenbytprfan,' corner eighteenth
avenue South and vLatona etreet-rll. 1 '.'. X;
, "Bevler. :-.'-' :.:\ : '~, i'.^'W'i'::''""^ :.. ;; .^-': r '';.' ••"v'-'-'YJ-
First Unitarian, southtrest corner Geary and
:-.- Franklin etrefts^Rev,; Bradford Leayltt.-
Trlnlty; ErltcopaJ.' corner ¦ Bush: and -GotiKh.
': streets-^-Rev. Frederick W.iClampett. :, ¦ . .
F5rst ¦•¦ Church.- of Christ. : .¦ Sutter;:street,Vbe
: tween Keartiy Etreet : and Grant avenue—
; Th* Bible and Science and Health; ' -With
.: Key, to the:; Scrlptures>-. ¦;:¦¦.¦.•¦ C"';j; -.p--'':
T. M.-G.' A..: Masc'n and Ellis streets— II.
: J;' McCoy, -secretary.'-;—::: .¦j-: : 'W: : -.';^:'^:. ; ; :
Theoeophlcai Boclety-4<>d<l 'Fellow*" building.
K-. •.¦:¦;¦.;.¦: ¦¦!:-:¦;;¦¦:>;'.: ¦?. •;¦: :-:¦ ¦•;¦;. ¦/¦••; •¦; ; ¦;¦ ¦;.;'
1 :<3repn Bartie;t . of Grants ;: Pass! On,
brought suit in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday against the JPreston Peak
Copper Company to -quiet title to the
Southwest Chief quartz mining claim,
alias *'Th# Hobson." on the border be
tween Del Norte and Slskiyou ' countiesl
The consplainant alleges that his claim
has been "jumoe* " ; .;->>'; ¦•'?-;: V : i ?'?'<¦£"¦'.
Suit for ; a Mining Claim;
A; TV. Asprooth/a confiding farmer from
ilen<3ocinb County, lost. $45. because of. hts
trustfulness and la^t: night visited: the'
California -street : station to secure the aid
of the police in' recover'nK his money. A»
prooth canie to. town ai few; days a^o to
see th» ..sights and f<^U in; with a man
who volunterrod to show him everjthing
on th* Barbary Coast; without charge.'
The friend beeame : very, confidential and
when they retired in the evening the
stranR«-*s apartment adjoined that of
A^prooth,* In the morning the latter was
pained to find his friend and the *45 gone.
Was Too Confiding.
Prej^ident Mrs. Merritt. accompanied: by
h^r coiineelor <EUzat>eth d'Arcy Klnnel.
GeraWIne Frlsbte and. other members of
the Woman's Relief Corps, will attend tbe
r.a'.U.nal encampment to be held in Chi
cago in August.-. :-^.::.-^.:*- : "-:' '¦¦-. V:;.";.^.-.; .:
¦.j5^.fftf-'«^6tft^* since Lyon Relief Corps
No: 6 of Oakland. Woman's Relief Corps,
tendered; a reception to :C0ra A. MerrUt,
th*: department commander of -. California
and Nevada,: and her fitaft at: its head
quarters. : <3*raldine Frlf bie, ; president pf
the -''-Woman's! Relief Corps Home Asso
ciation, and many department officers and
visitors from various corps were present.
There was: a brief address by the presid
ing officer .'.'of Lyon Corps, followed by an
tnterestins programme of exercises, after
which all marched to the dining-room,
which had been tastefully and patriotical
ly decorated, and ; there a collation . was
*erved. : - ';:-¦;¦¦: ' ; ¦-.:••¦. : ':>'¦' i'- ¦¦'¦¦¦ =¦ .. : : '- ¦;-----C"'.:^'- : -
Honored the President.
¦¦¦:¦ San Francisco Temple II of -the
Rathbone Sisters has : elected -the; f0.116*?
ing : officers for the ensuing term: 'Mrs.'
Ida .McCreedy. P; C; Mra. Maude R-Pur
dfe, >L E. C; Mrs. 1 Drusa:D. Robert9on. ; E.
S;; Mrs. Minnie C; 'i'Terry; *E, J. ; Mrs. Etta
E^ Welch, -M: of T..;' Mrs/ Emma AlScho
field,. M. of R. and CJ; Mrs;. Maggie :Mbf
fatt, M, of F»; Mrs.: Ella. B. Dwight, P. of
T. ; . Mrs. Clara- Tuska, G. of O. -. T.; Mrs;
Ida Mv Brook, trustee^ '.These .officers will
be Installed Thursday; July; , ,5,-; fcjr Past
Grand Chief Mrs. Ada. Ei'Merguire. /;•;..:
¦ .The:;CaHfo;rnIa brajichesrof ¦ the "Catholic
Kn'shtS of Anjertca have elected ;t he foN
lowlng officer? for: the ensuing term '¦'.'¦'¦ Sari
Francisco. Branch; jXoV -197 ; (Geriaah)-^-'
President^' H. J.' : Burhaus;'^recprdlng"sec
retaryi ,T. -X." Burhanft- : ; San- Fraricisico
Branch No- S33K- President.: "•.WllUaxn "-- Mc~
Cann : i recording Thomas '. J. '
Dorgan^ San Francisco :'Bra'nch •¦¦¦No. 3^hr
President;'- ¦¦ Joiin : Riley;: recording'.seere-.'
tary»vT.- J. : : Cosgrdve.-;' San.- -Francisco
Branch; No:- 437-^presilden.t.Pr: ¦¦ j: :¦¦ F. Gib
bon: recording: secretary,' James V; Kane.
Oakland Branch No; iS7-rPreslderit." Rieii
ard.L^ach: recording; gecretao'l'Thdmaa
J.:. Gallagher. ; Oakland .-Braneh . No. ..4S?-.
President; P. . J." 0' Connor ; recordlng-lsec
retao*; Thomas Dtinphy.- j Oakland Branch
No. 6M-^President.: P : McBHen; ! Oakland
Branch No; TOS^-PresIdent,' Mi^ J,-. Haran;
recording secretary-. D. \R. Towne^- Berk*.
The following named; haVe been elected
officers of the Grand Templeof- the.Ha.th
bohe -Sisters for the '¦': current. ¦ -. Hathbono
year: ' Mrs, Ada E. Merguire/Oaklarid,': P.
G, C. : Jirs.: Juliet : Stlbbens,. Riverside, G-.
C.: Mrs. .Lily ,:Samuels\ Oakland,- Qi,.S.;
Mrs. Ella Pringle. Santa Cruz. G;<J;.;. Mrs,
Maud Sheehan,- Sacramento,. G.-M.-;- Mrs,
Louise Holme^, Oaklahd; Mv of R. and C^;
Miss May/ Steigelman; Salinas:; Pro.;-Mrs*
Eva Simpson; Santa Rpsav M. of vF-r Mrs.;
Anna: Zimmerman,' •Pla'pervlHei p.'Gi' 1 TTi»
next session- of/ the-.Orsnd Temple .win. b*
held in Stockton. in 1901,-vV : " ;!; ¦ ''ij- .-: : 't : '.:<>-
Yosemite Tribe,- improved Order of. Red
Men; has' elected the following ' named:
J. H;: Jordan. S.iC. W; Price. S.S^; Wil
liam Goldman. J. S;> E. X»astreto,.-P.; Gv
H/ Stein, C- of. R.;. and G. Dastugue, K.
of W. ! .-s ' : >¦¦¦' ¦ ¦¦:'. •'. ;:-. iy : .,-i:' : ~ ¦¦:- .¦-•"c- :-'.-.v;-'- :; . : .v- ;
: Hesperian Parlor, of the Native Sons of
the Golden .West has elected the follow,
ins officers, who, together .with .those to
be appointed;, will be installed on the lltn
lnst. : Charles: Ehlert, P. P. i Charles Fenn,
P.; Ed; Seibert ¦ and- .W. ; I>, Miller, .vice
presidents; J; S.: Roxburgh*. R.; S:; George
Thellar, ¦ ilriaritial secretary; •-: Dr. "H, -. A.
Andrews, M.: J. McLaughUn, S.r M. Scott
and ¦ F. C.--Struben,.- trustees;'-' I>r.- ; H. A.
Andrews, -Dr. ; W. :B;. Coft ey, . Dr; -Thomaa
Maher and Dr; RiVF..; L*gge; surgedn^'.^
T Monadnock .Tribe ;No:- 100 ; of -^the- Im
proved Order of Red Men has' elected th«
following^ officers for the ensuing term:
Joseph KobinsOn, prophet; -\y. C. : Rowley,
sachem; J.'McLeod, senior sagamore; J.
Byrne, junior: sagamore.:. O.A.- Mauerhan',
chief Qi- records "V\'- T. .Fps-'
ler, keeper of wajxipum/.and J., p. Skeliy,
trustee.-- :.c : ..:' -.- : / •:' ¦'¦r : :-'- -i'. : ¦.;-." '"•". ;>
. AltahmbsTrlbe^ I. O. R. M.. has elected,
the following:. named' for the ensuing: term:
V. >\ -NOrthrop; 3.; K. Li. Apple, S. S.;Ai.
Ei Wesslingv J: S-; [W* T,; Lyon, P.; i?. G.
Thornton, CV of R.;.C, Hardy. Ci: of W.;
J. Hanson!. 1L of W.; J. S, Patterson, H.
Cills and: , w. : T. Lyons, trustees; ' --.Owing
to business engagements." A; A.- Perrl was
forced to decline ;the position, of- sachem.
; Court Twin Peaks Xb..755e. of. the An
cient Order of Foresters-has elected the
fbllowlrig officers for the \ensiilng ! terhu
F. D. RUchiei QZ R; ; '¦ A. Moscr,' S. C. R. ;
A. Smith, F.: 3.;:A\*. T. Plevin. It. S.; AV.
T. Hammond,^T,; P;.'I^ Moore; a. . W.; %V.
Tench, J. \v\; C >V. .Dunn. S. B.;.J.,H.
Ernest,. J^B<; Dr.: J. iL.^oper; physician;:
R; A« Brayman, organist. .;; ¦• •¦'¦.¦
Catholic Unlpn bis elected the /fpllowuiB'.
nahjed -officers : :f<fv' : ¦ '.tiie ;' .ensuing- ..VtermJ.
M ar tin Ward ,' prestd en t ; Ji \ j: Keat J ng-; and
Albert Cotufrl;\yice ; president^:. John ':¦'. F >
Burns, ¦ reoprdinEr . setr e ta.r> ; ; T>i P.; Abern«
financial : ' ¦secretary; ¦:. "fTlibina-s. 3ktag1ilre;
i-tr<w^r^:^Wl^^,c^3N^'^i^?.?^ &ir&;
Conra n , . medical exa miner; : Jere P. Connl
han, M.' • l,ynch, P. Briielj| : i Maurlcfe. Gv-'
turri^ :P. Hurieyj,; ';.jf- . •,.'£•;-;: 0 ; CpnnclI '; apid
Matt: O' Connor, triu ste^s ; • J; ¦ J/ ilcl nerney/
: E; ' P.: MdAuliffe, ';l£:ii vSheahan k : %'} 3.
Keating, •James A; Foley 1 and 'Peter Ta-
: money, ¦representative^: to thfe Grand' Ais-:
:sembly.;' '¦ ¦;•.¦-.'•¦.> ; , "¦/•:.;" - ; . •'.'¦•• ... : --' : ":--'v\""r -'•¦'•.'¦.
. At, a meeting: of the .county board of dl-.
rectprs of .the; Ladies' Auilliarj', 1 - Ancient;
. Order "of -Hlberniaiis.' trie : foHowlhjg : offl- ;
cers- were . «eiepted: Xori the', current . term
and ins tailed J»Js Mrs. C. Bi" yianagan, : a3r
sfsted by State President. Mrs. Butters:
Miss Josephine Dillon; first vice president;
Miss Hannah 'Fitzpatrick,- re<:prdin'g:sfe'cre
tary'; '. Sirs';: :T6wney; ' :. rinaticial -secretary,:
and Mrs. Richards.,' treasurer.. Suggestions'
were offerediby. the Sta.te president,; State ;
secretary' and county -presidents to the ,
end that.. the:organizati.on- may -. be-.-.-ad-.;
vanced and; extended.' : :]'¦¦'.- ¦' ¦¦'.¦;¦' ,' -
Serye for, the. Ensuing
FRATERNAL SOCIETIES
V CHOOSE NEW OFFICERS
Thosa Who Have ' Been. : Elected to
[ Chosen On*s Wiio Will Enter^ Upon
j. i the Discharge i.of Fraternal^-: ;
Duties This Month.
The board of d-eputies of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters will install officers In the
subordinate courts on the foUp.wins dates-
July 2 Courts Kensington;, ca.il
fornia! Violet and Santa Amanda: July :&,'
Courts Gorman America. Bqurnemouth.
Yictolre and L.incolni July «, Courts. Star
of the Vest and Apollo: July :^,^Gpuu
America (public): July :1<>. ; Courts- Robin
Hood and Justice; July c ll.f; Courts :O4k;
Grove, Twin . Peak* anrt Star ot tjie Mw
«ion- Julv 1-. Courts occidental and Up
httnian vthe latter public.; July 13. Court
Alciuraz: July 17. Courts ¦ i-ureka and
a&ingtoii,; and . July 13, Court
F Ulsh court officers .of the order- will in
«tall cttlcers as follows: : July 2, Court
ISI of California : July 6, . Court Star- of
Redwood, Redwood City .and Court Sut
ter F^rti Sacramento; July^S. toUrtban
Joaquln. Stockton ; July 11. Court San -Nla
teo San Matw; July 12. Court^ Garden
citv -Sit Josg; July 14, Court fountain.
Merced-'July IT. Co'urt; Benicia. BentCia;.
Julv 1* Court Jlenlo Park. Menlo Park:
Ju v 2>/ Court Rio Vista. Rio Vista r July
*> r-ouVt- -C'ri«to'-fo" Colombo, San Jose,
JulS C oufts Hartford, Vallejo. andTO;
b&f?^deputies of
of the Forest ot America: will install .offl
clrs on the following dai^: July «.;***£,
*h« Fidelltv circles; July o> Eureka. Circle;
lulv 97 Mazzini Circle; July 11. Sherwood.
NlKof nia . and Artlme? » circles: July. .12,
Bohernian Circle (public) and Bourne
mouth Circle;: July 13. Justice qnd Ivan-
FORESTERS TOi INSTALL V
OFFICERS FOR THE TERM
Three con\icts were \serit: across: this bay
by! Judge Lay lor yesterday. Edward C.
Richardson, convicted of a statutory of
fense, was sentenced 'to fourteen years. in
San Quentin.: Joseph Roslan was- sent to
San Quentln. for three years for".grand.lar
cenyi andiCharles Jacobson was sentenced
to four months in. the penitentiary for
the same offense, : : • V • : ; -: ¦ -' : ¦¦"•'.. ¦¦•= : '-'- : ¦¦
Tliree Convicts Sentenced.
vThe. . Hunter's launch . In- her cruise for
:help:had' .rtin.: ; aciros3- the : Wreck -of the
schooner Eclii>s« arid: -quite: a lot
of pr6>1sionB. ¦'.. : When the Nome City
reached the Hunter It was fouad: that the
crew- of :the unfortunate -:Eclipser-had got
there'about an hour before. Before start
ing out. for assistance, the: captain arid -his
crew.: had. succeeded, in saving, nearly all
the baggage arid nearly all the provisions.
The steam iaurieh:qfjlhe. bark Hunter,
¦with the: captain andj-'four' niehr.pdt pat
from the -point where, .the ; wrecked bark
lay. and iboth.ttie iNome City, and the Va"
lencli returned to-their assistance.^'; V -.'• ¦
'¦[ PORTLAND; Or,; ; June;. 30. --Word was
.bWujfbi:':f.rorriVCa-p'aJ.Nonie' ; :byi't]tjii steamer
Eider that the Ktearriersr.Nome -'City'i from
*! ht '.:.'^"*" t '.' : °H^ - f ' : ' v t***f'>Tf! l toy***r!?^?f**! 3
rescued on vJttine ;12. the ; . passeiisers and
crews, of the bark ; Hunter and the schcon
<?r Eclips^; both of which ;were -wrecked
on Romanoff- Point: - Therejwere/. forty
seven people .In all, ; two women* and '-. a
small, child bif-inR among them. : ¦ } • r ¦-••¦:,'•'.
Forty-seVen People Picked TJp by tite
Nome City and Valencia.
PASSENGERS RESCUED:
h6e 'circles; July 1S< California Circle, 'and
July . 24,.:AVa^hirtg:ton . <nrcle <"publIcX^ :..;¦ .- :
T^BIIilNG ENC^TTNTEBjOF/TWd^ ; STEERs ;
cps^OLICEMBN GEORGE : : FARRELL |
m^Jand Tim Cphrieil of tbej Seventeenth- j
\V~^ street station have sworn each: other: j
*;¦:¦:':'. to secrecy until the day of: resur-j
rectlon regarding a little . : somewhat' : un
pleasajit experier.ceithatbefell. them early
yesterday morning,. • The blue-coated he^;
ro«s of the little adventure tvere engaged
in conversation over their chances of get- 1
ting this m-bnth'.f pcy : out Of the -general: |
fund. : £p absorbed 4*4 the ;t.v6 "warnY-belt j
guardians of the read? become in the siib- j
Jeci that they .w^c-re oblivloua of 'every- j
thing else, v- '.' : .:-. : ;.;--;;- ' •:':?'• ';" > :v f'-,:\ /- :¦-'¦'- I
¦TV hile the • argumentartive. . "cops" : : were
thus engaged three vaquerbs. hove: in siBht
drhingr a. herd of cattle to ; -"a: : slaughi-ier
house in -.. Butchertown along: CFolsom.
street: The t wo ; : "cops'" were standing .in
a '.doorway, at the corner of Seventeenth
arid Folsom streets,: and the risiBg sun
shining upon the brand new stripes that
ornament: the: official troUserg suddenly
attracted the attenti-pn of: a frisky: steer.
-\Vlth bont h«ad a^nd stifC neck; the. lnfu
riated anfmal nriade a dash in; the direc
tion o£:the''66psi"--' ; ; ¦ .-"-¦¦, --¦¦; ; : ;; . vV''i. .y :; v ; - :
¦ Farrell looked Up and : saw the steer
charpinp-dov^ri. upon: them. He-yeli^d to
his friend ConneU : that a.madbuji ..was
coming, and made: a.; wild, dash for the.
nearest.- fenee-i over \ which, he vaulted to
a.: place : pf safety. Connell. was . panic
stricken and could rjpt move: to save him*
self. /He was caught on. the horns of the
pteer.-lifted .htBh tnto "thfe :atr and; tosi»ff<i
by.', the Infuriated: animal over the fence
intp.thel6t: where Fa rrell had, taken ref
uge. ¦ By : thl3 ; tirries one of the ivaqueros
arrived on the ;3cette^ and drove.theVfeei
lip-erertt beast 'away.: '.- ¦•'•¦¦ ¦¦¦ '¦¦':'.¦'''¦¦: ¦.-• : -.-' '•• ':¦
: The-:. :4iscoraflted;:; "eopisv- 1 .swore..'- each
other: never, to. •divulge, their .experience
to & living soul, .and .then started for their;
homes to repair the-, damage done their,
uniforms.- "It is needl«F.s to say ¦ that ¦ both:
"cops'', have -¦: icxbserved .their, oaths . with
ecrupulouaxcare^- \.:'y^ : :. ¦¦". ¦¦¦-/.: .[¦¦.:. ''":¦¦':'¦¦ i-.-;\- '¦:-¦
TROUBLE IN HAYTI.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. June 30.— Advices
from Hayti received here to-day say ru
mors are afloat in that republic of ap
proaching political troubles. It is added
that the Haytian Government is taking
every precaution to frustrate a revolu
tionary movement.
STATE FAXB PROGBAMME.
Trotting and Pacing Classes Agreed
':, ¦ ¦-. '¦:-.': on by the Committee.
SACRAMENTO. June 33.— The speed
committee of- tbe State Board of Agricul
ture to-night arranged its programme for
the State Fair. ;
The trotting and pacing purses will be
J10OO- Tte trotting classes agreed on are.
A green class, 2:24. 2:21, 2:13. 2:17, 2:1*. 2:12,
2:10 and a free for all class.
In the pacing events there ia provided a
green clas?. 2:1S. 2:15. 2:13. 2:11. 2:10 and a
tree for all class, entrance closes July 23.
the horses to be named and eligible Au
gust 13. " ¦ .
Th'ere are to be 2:20 and 2:25 class trot
ting races and 2:25 and 2:21 c!a?s pacing
racing. These are to close July 23. but
are to be open, to ail horses which have not
records prior to July 1 of this year. Also
the Stanford, Occident and Futurity
stakes. •
The running stakes ere the Vlnctor.
Dewty selling. Capital City. Favorite.
Sunny Slopes. California Annual, Shatter
selling and Flash stakes.
uprising on Rainy River and It was de
cided to send Indian Ager;t Leveque an.i
R. J. Fither to the scene* The general
opinion here is that the whole trouble has
arisen through a prophecy bj* one of the
"medicine men" that a great storm would
devastate this country and that all white
people would be wiped out.
MINNEAPOLIS. June 30.— Covei-T-r
Lind to-day received a message from
Koochishing, Minn., asking for luw stands
of arms and ammunition. George C
Frlsbie, fnited States Consular Agent at
Rat Portage, Ontario, telegraphed to Gov
ernor Lind that he had cared for some
thirty destitute American refugees. The
trouble is caused by the congregation of
a large number of Canadian Indians to
receive • their annuities. They have
gathered en the Canadian side, six miles
below Koochishtns- A number of traders
have established a "blind pig" on the
American side and have been selling bad
whisky to the Indiana. Governor Lind
sand fifteen or twenty picked men
from the State Guard to patrol the Ameri
can Bide and prevent trailers supplying the
Indians with whisky. .The State has EQ.000
rounds cf ammunition stored at various
convenient poij.ts.
Ontario Tribes Mads to Believe a
'.- Great Storm Would Exterminate
-.; '¦;¦¦¦ . ; tlie Wliites.
RAT PORTAGE. On:.. June 30.— A meet
ing, of -.prominent citizens was held last
night to consider the threatened Indian
MEDICINE MAN INCITES
:; THE RISING OF INDIANS
Investigation- in th» .K-ighborhood estab- j
Iished the fact that a young boj- drove off
with the animal soon after the lady left it. .[
Mrs. Gray resides at the hotel and last !
evening th<? hors*» and vehicle was left I
by her in front <tf tYie place to be deli v- -
erc-d to her husband'* stable. . .When the;
stableman arrived hp found the rig miss- j
ir.R and made a report ot it. ': •¦ : . . : ' - - . |
: A' report was made to the California
rtreet: police station last.. night ./that a
luveniie thief htid dHvtn off with a Valua
ble horse and phaeton belonging 'to Mrs.-
George Gray, .wife of a contractor, from
where it had r-teh- hitched in front of the-
Occidental. Hotel.- ;¦ . • - : ' ¦••v ¦• -"•:.¦ "¦ "': " •
DROVE OFF WITH A
Mangle a ; Leg, but It For
•> tuna tely Proves to Be
of Wood.
: «wP SI AN with a wooden leg. who |
If \\ refused to give bis name, .
T~ubsd!y foiled two trolley -
¦ .cars that collided at the cor- -
per of Bryant and Eleventh streets V
last night. The wooden substituta^
for flesh and bone was crushed, £
ai>d on this cue -occasion in his life • „
its possessor rejoiced that he wore. : >
the art Uiclal limb. '.; .,•/ ~i~.--"l': '¦$¦:¦'*
: One of the vehicles was a trolley H
party car filled "with a. larye party ¦ ""
of merry-maker*, ¦ The other was:.''
ail ordinary Bryant-street electric ¦¦ *
car. The vehicles were somewhat $
Injured. ; : That-: damage •sras doiie : -^
only- to, the; wooden * leg -and the H
•cars was a .miracle. Both vehicles v H
were going, at a fair rate of speed . H
and they crashed into each other \-<
with great I orce. : Glass ; • was. 'i'J,
smashed ; and : the Jnicates : of .; tliej -<
cars were coveted with tbe flying .¦; a
pieces. • :;^: ; . : ; : -' - : : : ;--:i '¦'.[,':. \-':J:\{- ¦' i -,-<
: When the shrieking- women' and ¦ -<
xaen had: gained the street an in-'--<
yentory of losses, bruJsesiand cuts ''¦-.¦*
was taken by them. Outside .of '1
the wounded feelings sustained b>'"<
the pepplie la the party car and the H
injury to the: wooden: '. legr \ there- \r*
were no casualties. The police ar-.^
rivpd quickly; on the scene and of- i
fered ass.istj.nce' to the disabled -S
man. He paiitely refused offers to '¦.'*¦
go .to the . hQfcpital, but <yaved H
sometjilr.g substantial to grain his: "^
©Quillbritim. ¦ A picket was torn .
itora. 31 near-by fence and fitted to .^
l:i-m.- A hay rope "borrowed from a : /Z
near-by barn properly spliced gave '^
him t«e Support he demanded. He ;^
then went his way rejt«icingr 1ft the '^
Itnowi^fi© that his other leg was .«
intact and realizing that lightning:-^
does ' soK:e;imes strike twice in the . 4
Bame pl?ce- The passengers re- : .'•-<
turned to their respective cars knd ' -".-A
proceeded: qxi : their, journey. : ;. .- I : ; '. f .^i
..The\- man with the wooden leg .'¦•.-<
Wtiispered. to a bystander that • he '.- : ..H
u-'auM- sue | the railroad company -H
fcr the loss of his means of .sup^H
¦pott.-: ."¦'¦• ; : '.'-' ; -..^:' '-¦¦" i'-f.'-. : "i ; -.; "^
TWO TROLLEY GARS
ARE BADLY FOOLED
T'ea'-h released Frank Lawrence this
rr.-rr.ir.g from his imprisonnient In the
C-ur.ty Jail, -where he was Fenter.ced to
two years by Judge Greer.e last
Jr.nuary. Quick consumption was tbe
cftopc of death. The father and mother of
tbe youth were ¦with him when he died. -.
Owr two years ago young X/Rwrence.
who was then only 16 years of age, struck
a cbxspmototl with a baseball bat In a Ct
of ang-cn The '.atter's head was frac
turea and he is still an Imbecile, with the
chances e?r^ir.t-t h!rn cf ever recovering
fuU pessessicr. of bis senses. . .. : . .
Lawrence «Iisappeare-l e.rA was not
heard of for two year*. . When he re
turned he was arresied and convicted of
assault with a deadly weapon.: • :..:"¦
The rr'.scner's health commenced to fail
three inor.ths ago and Dr. R. O. Baldwin.
The JaiS .-physician, reopmtnenued his re
moval. A:i effort was cia<ie 10 have the
boy parCcTH»fl, and a petition was sent to
the Governor, but an answer has not yet
been received. . i- '•;'. ¦:.¦¦- ¦¦¦¦,•:;•-;•¦:¦¦ f;*j
LEADING TEAilS BEATZTf
Brooklyn, Philadelphia and Boston
i/ose Games. ; ¦¦/; " ; .'. : :¦-?'. ': '¦¦¦¦'¦
ccp.nrcr ETArcruNG or ttte clubs.
Club*- W. L. Pet.! Outs- W.L; Pet.
Br^k^m ...S5 J? MS Cir.cinoati ...W :"» .*73
PM!fcd»:ph!a.E3 13 -i*» Chicago .,..>, 2« 20 .464
I»!»tsbaT« ...I? r« ,£09 St. I>c-jls-:...r3 29 : -«42
Bc?tca ......2T 27 .*» Netr Tork . . ; 15 13 :: .865
CHICAGO, Jure SC— Cticaso pcur.4*d K«i-
Titty til cv*r the C^ld to-<iay »ad catylay^fi the
Cfcusplcna ¦* »li po!Et». Attenflauce ' <CO0.
Sccre: . /^ ;: •'¦: . ¦ : \.l "-- f'""«.""'-j*": : "" "y~ : -'¦"-•:
C!ub»— R- It- B.
Chlcae» 8 tt 2
Bro-k:rn .......,, — i;;;,-..i....«..» l •-'.:•'. ft ;_:¦• : *
Eattfrtes— <5«TTtn ea4 Dca»han KenB'tfy fc-4
ilcGu'.r*. rmrire— Hurst.
PITTSBrKG, Juce S3.— fttttbunr-. . :'l6cV.thie.
e*ccni cferr-e in th» ceries with PhiicflelphJa by
ou"^'.ayi~F -ttew- »t f«ry point. Beassicnt'i
«Jrcp at a Sy with the bases full cart two rui».
but Pfcilltati read* .up for it tsy striki?ie three
rsen not wAi faced tlsa. Jn th«C}aih»- Atter.fi
kr.ee to*- Score: .;¦ -'j. ¦¦ ¦ ..'.,;r-'_ -.^ ;::¦': <¦¦:.'.-
C:^bs— '• -¦'". '¦¦¦¦ - ;: : ' i'R^'. .;H- : "-/E.
r:trsbur* .'...»„>'.. .....'5 :. >.-i' ! v X
rr.i'.&ie'.rbt* ••'..,*-. •••••••: •—.•'* . ' ;: ? '•.'. 'ir.-.":*;-
Ezr-eries— Phr.lippj' «k4 Zin:j=er;':Vprti> v !»a(l
Pr-jglEfs. Vn:pire— Emslle- /.' : y--".- :'- :: ;.j.:: :¦.¦;¦-¦
CTXCJ2CKATI, June S?.— B?stcn. cdbtd flo
ncthlnj ¦«-.:>• Hahn to-day. OaJy three men
reached flrit t»se »r.S e^fct struck out; Cappy
«rma rff'Hriive fcet .Hahn'e tcm« ¦••.¦rafi. . with a
r-.an t: Srsf_ took ihe iiie cut of the ':¦ 'visitor*.
Att»-n-riaEice : 4S50. Score: .
Bdctoo: -¦;-- ;.....,.»«......„ o, .;. j ?.':;,>.
Uart^n-s^— Ha>.r. er.fl P«itz: -CBPPy *r,d guTIi- .;
van. Umjtre— Terry.--. ¦•¦ ... /.>¦'-/::..: : ' ¦;!'-. ' :
. \«T, tiOUJS, June ClV.^f eipi'rt ,g wkrtw<y.fl y«« :
«. • •- '.lay. aaifl r^J" 1 *^ 'VVeytJr^ and ¦ Kc«ier
r'^. -:-r« a. tlMT »v« cCTr.plet« «atlj6faettoi5.
T- ; .<"T:<= Ht aijTI KBd Jlsties«. ¦"Hnrfe'T ¦'•"*«*•
in' Bsse f-otsa safl had ft is opfMjsent* -.conplef»ir
H : ;¦< «r,?rcy.' The teas* ¦'cal!* t d at Hi*
' ;h« flfhth 1r,r.!n|r rn accpunt (if dark
n««J .itt*-n!janc* STiM.'. ficore:-:-- •=¦.-:¦-'::? -•:' •.-."¦¦¦¦
¦- •.:.'.:. :; :-.' ¦> --R--;.. ».- :•"..: e-.:.
F* rj^i!^. .»....;,.»i»i..'...«-' • ¦ t. ;¦ .j
56wr:;TRrikii;« ...*.:..-.:<.... <:.,.sl'.y 0 t : '^-
nrrtpr.ies— Hugfcey «.r.fl Robtseoa'V Doijeiiy and
-n'zrr^rl t.'rr.pir*?— Weyfc'iae *c4 Tester.;'¦;.''¦.:
TOBACCO SELLING STAKES.
Kr. Ero^ra Fini&hcs First in the St.
.. : 3Louis Event. ' ;•:: ¦¦¦¦''[. ['.. '•.,:-.'•¦:
aVaXN'ATI. June 30— This was : th«
: BUFFALO. N* T., June SO.-The great
lumber yards, corvering a half-mile area,
at Black Rock,' a suburb of Buffalo, were
destroyed by fire to-nisrht. Loss $400,000.
C. Mi Betts & Co. lo?t: J300.000. :
Lumber Yard Burned.
.SPOKANE. Wash.. June 30.— E. Carden
of. Seattie. manager for ; the J. Q. Adams
Company system of Warehouses along the
Great Xorthern. estimates Washington's:
wheat. crop, barring bad luck, at 20.OQO.000
¦busheis. Samuel A. Glasgow; of the Cen
tennial Mills of Spokane and. Seattle con
.firnnis-this-estimate. He predicts that if
present' .conditions . continue the State's
yield will be double that of last year,
when it was 16.«K),f>» bushels. . Han-est ha 3
started on the Spokane prairie nearly a
month earlier than usual.. =. ¦ • y^ ''.:"'
Washington's Wheat Output.
¦ SAX JOSE... JunV&L— Edward Burrell. a
pioneer farmer of the valley, died at his
home ; near Agnews to-day; aged. 70 years.
Edward Burrell.
.PQRTLAND. Ot., June SO.-Judge Q. N.
t>enny ;died; to-day at Seasix!e. : aged Cl
Judge Ijerhy was United. States. Coty«u1 at
Tientsin;'. '.China. ..tinder President Haye*
and Consul General at' Shanghai tinder
President : Arthur's administration. From
lS?5-to lS90.he was Foreign Secretary IQ
the King of: Korea.;-. • •.•¦•:.•¦•.•.¦.•':..•..• ,. ¦
Judge ; O. j M. Denny.
•; ELIZABETH. X, : J.; June • :3>.^-The j>cmr:
qcratlc: Relegates -from Union. Gpunty to
tbe nkti&nal convention at Kansaa City
will- 'start on Sunday.' and will :.be. pro
nottrriced ¦. it ¦ is said. of. Con
gresismaLn Sulzer. of Xew York for Vice
President. .James E. Mar tine-; one of New
ietsty's; :*'Blg Four," is satd / to be-.- a.
strong- advocate Of : Sttl.zpf, whilip. City
.Clerk Manning Of Elizabeth is- outspoken
for. him,: It ls-sald-that thr Xew. York
Congressman will get the votes, of a ma>
jority of the Ke*r Jersey delegates on the
first ballot; ¦":•¦' ,i; ¦• ..: :¦::' '¦¦ r-.' ' .- ; . •'. ' ¦.-¦¦'¦'¦
New /Jersey Patvors Sulzer.;
DtENV PR- June ' 3O.r-<;eneral ; ; Joha
Pierce, a;:ploneer,rdled:. to-day of paraly
sis; £ Hie: *vag> born' In Connectleut on. \>Iay;
iO/'.lfJJ.'-'vHe^waa educated at the Western
Reserve College In Ohio (.his father. Rev.
Georg-e .E. LPlefce: b^ing- . its preMdent) And
Tras graduated ia the class of :"50, lie sub
sequently, studied .engineering and :i the
sciences at Harvard University: He isUr*
v'eyed several great railway lines ;arid
¦ was the -first Surveyor. General of Colora
do. He ¦¦was first president: of the Denver
PaqWc Railroad:: construction, : of. vrhlch
he was prornJneDtly Identified. • - . : • ¦¦'">¦. :
C^nefal John Pierce.
SALINAS, Jiine. 20.^-George -TV. Gordon.
oils of; Caljfarnia's.; f arly pioneers, as weir
as >ne " pf thtsi.- coii hty's ¦ earliest, settlers
and most popular inen;: Is dead. The. cause
of death was htjtnprrhage of ; the. nostrils,
which began ten. days ago. For twelve
hours -bef orei death relieved his suffering*
h0 bled" continuously from, the : nose, and
ail.; : : efforts. . tq stanch, the flow of blood
were of no avail, -Mr. Gordon, was born
in Rochester; w--*iv>- October 15. 15s36, mak
ing hini:atthe time'oX it!s death not -Quite
64 years. -of age/ ; .•'. -He: came to- Monterey
Gounty. in. l$5»: and has resided here ever
rlnte, ¦ ¦'He.^w'as;-- kn '¦ ex-raemberof the
Board -'.pf •.Supervisors, hayinij. at one time
represented. the' Monterey district in 'that
body.' He leaves a : wife arid one daugn
ter,-;^;":''-:'::'-' v --v'--.V:'v:;-v : V. ;-.":. ¦; ¦,- : -..:- -.:;••
; : :l l-^-'f J : : : George: W. Gordon.
Suecial T5i5j>atch t<V The CaU/v'--; . •
i^elP^s^^ad
.;:BAK^RSFIEli.D. June SO.— Cattle, rals*
ers; en the. south fork. iof. the Kern tllver.
in the mountain : district.' have organized
an- association- ff-r mutual protection; anct
pledged- themseiveji to pay into a., common
tuh/J .according .to: the amount of ..stock
ih£y. otvti: for the piirpb?e of prosecuting
cattle thieves.- ':.: : - ¦¦¦•¦vj- ::. ¦¦¦-¦. ¦ . ,: : . y_ ••/ ,. ; ;.
Cattle-Haisers Organize.
/SACRAMENTO," June C.3Q.--iIrs; Jan* E;
Kyanj Keiress to part of the. fortune of th?
late N.-Cfegley, it pioneer coffee merchant.
was jaiteij here - to-day togeth« i r *-lth a.
young man. named Archibald. Henlyv: with,
whom the husband accuses her of naring
elbned. The pair lantJed at ChicOi and last
nigncHenly resisted arrest with a d*able^
barreled sbotgrun.D^j>uty Sheriff Jlinters
of V Sacramento,. V the . afrestitig ' officer,
pluckily marched! = his m an' : <j ft. to- JatI ¦ at.
the pointof a pistol. Mrs, Ryan had with
her* a : cer ttfi^.d check . for \ |2J0«3 and : "tll
kinds 1 '' of coin. Shb- put up the reqaired.
bail: • arid :wa3 v released;. • She ks charg-e<l
w-ith felony, in . baying abandoned ari Inr
f ant '.chita.:: ;;-:•? S:\ :V : -> ; ' i'-.;-;.= y-*-r-';:-y.'; ??
/'¦fi\ iphnirgid With' » Felony^
Speelftl: dispatch to Tbe CalU: ;•' ;' V^*
Heiress to Part: of the Ding! ey Estate
MRS. RYAN ; ARRESTED.
/ '.'Asto the future of the ptovc. we have
made a proposition to the Government
that they pay the price of the lumber In
'%»**:¦ trnes fcr th*» grove. "\Ve will glva
plenty; of time In which to secure th«
gf&ve a* a park, but we will n<^t wait al
ways. Through some defects In the bills
that were *»rlopted by Congress th.'3 year
no • r*ne was authorized to nppotlate with
US for the grove, and we will wait unti-
Congress has an opportunity to take
take some action that will bring the mat
ter to a head."
St^Ve,bav« been making an estimate as
to the amount of lumber In the grove."
said ilt. Whltesides before his departure.
"\V« have got a lot of figures, but no foot
laes havf t».-:i made, and so I cannot
give ar,jr estimate.
, SIf/ ; AVhUesidea came to Calif orr.la this
time to rcake an estimate of the number
bf fe« of liimb«»r th*re i3 In the trees in
the Big Tree Grove. He has offered to sell
the. grave u> the l.'niieil ritates (.Jovern
mentai the market price of the lumber.
a.nd under this ofTer It is quite necessary
that Mr. WhltPPidfs knows how many
lumber feet there is in the grove. In or
der to ascertain this Mr. Whitesides mads
a visit -to California with a friend of hla.
¦H'ijM. GaHapher. a:so tZ the lumber busi
nesa.J Together with Mr. Sperry, the for
niirr ¦. Cwner of the grove, and some sur
veyors they went to the grove and did
the irorfc :-¦'¦:¦•¦¦;•¦¦¦..••. .
¦: : R, JB. tVhltexide*. the owner of th« Cal
averaa Big Tree Grove, which the United
States Government la seekins to save as
A national park, left last n!gh: for his
home ihBuluth. Minn., after a very short
Visit.; to ;. Calif critfa.
Pak^and Offlce San Francisco CalL
V; y- ; 111S Broadway. June 30.
R. B. Whltesldes Says That the Gov
ernment Will Be Given Ample
' , OppprtTinity to Pnxchase
:;¦•¦. ¦¦'¦•' : v;' ; -v • : ' ;; ;: ' : ' the Trees.
New:()wner of the Property
Makes a Flying
. Visit.
MEASURING THE
LUMBER IN THE
BIG TREE GRODE
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call
1116 Broadway, June 30-
Hit a Eoy Companion on the Head
With a Baseball Bat Dut
ing a Tit of
An^er.
Frank Lawrence's Sentence
Gut Short by Quick
Consumption.
DEATH RELEASES
YOUNG PRISONER
FROM JAIL CELL
EARLY MORNING SURPRISE
FOR TWO MISSION "COPS"
Ti-i' Uegu\a.iiov. pJate of 192 Boverelgns
for three->M?ar-oiils ar,d upward was won
Jy Mr. Oliver's St. Pawlua. ridden by J.
Keiff.:'.: ¦•; :; . • '¦./¦¦¦•¦' •¦:¦¦.:¦". '¦¦: : : - ¦'• : .;?¦ : .. ¦¦¦
Tbe I erry sei ling plate of J03 sovereigns
for two-y^ar-olds was won by Fiiz-Valen»
t'ne, by Fltz-SJmon. out of St. Valentine,
rl<Jdien by Iligbv:,- ¦- ¦-¦ ,• . :•.-,¦¦..•..:;;:.;:
The June handicap of 150 so verefprns for
threc-year-t'ids and upward was wem by
Major J. D. EdwardE' Robino, guided by
J.H-Marttn,- ¦¦:.¦¦ it :.'¦¦¦ -": : : : :¦¦¦ -V^ '.; ¦
The Hurst Park foal plate of 1500 sover
eigns for two-vcar-olds was won bv Cap
tain Eustace Loader's chestnut colt Star
Shoot, by Itijiglas*. v»utof Kilkenny;: with
J.:Reiff "ur-' ¦¦¦ : ' ¦•-—¦ '•¦¦¦ '-¦:-'¦ I :"-V. '¦:¦;¦ •.:--;:; ¦
The Di:cft«5P of York stakes of 1303 fov
ertflgrs fpf three- year-edd? was won by
Sir P.. . Waic.ie /GrinithK 1 bay filly: Vain
Duchess. ridScn by J. H.. Martin. ;:,: ,¦.¦¦:..¦
LONDON, -June 3C.— At the Hurst' Park
sujrmer meeifair to-day all the racfcs. with
the exception of one. were, taken by Amerv
lean jocKevBi'. . \ c ; ,: '•¦ ••..-: .'¦''¦ :'¦¦ ; :¦::',:,. .;-
Tbe mil* selling plate of. 102 soverel«Tis
for three-vear^o'.df and upward was won
by Sir: Tatton Sykes' colt St; Erth. by
St.: Simon, out of Marchioness, with Rigby
in The saddle. '.¦¦:..¦ ¦::..; : : .-';. ¦ \}-y- .:¦¦.:¦ ¦,:;-.;. v
a Day at Hurst Park;
ALMOST A CLEAN SWEEP.
American Jockeys Win Six Races in
Four and. a half furtorrs— Lyrlo: Belie ¦yrptt.
V<4z?,» «*!.irk' second/ Mrr, Graanoa third.
T.«e,::CG*».-.;-r;,-.-;^- /.¦-•.;--'¦ .;. -V^; ;.'¦'.
• Th* Tobacco Makes, •" valao JlOlO, i=eHlns. one
mile— Mr. Brown won, Nettie Regent . second,
Carl e third, .Tlsr-e, l;4.l; .. : ; : ':¦]: -.'. : = '. ¦ : -' : '
'.'SeUin?. en* mil? ap<l*;thi**-*i*l>tlji4— Banished
won. At>*rBate eicond, Centlev third. -Tim*.
::21»«. '-. ¦•;•- ::-;\ s ¦;•';¦ ¦¦¦¦:' I'?: ¦ •¦-» ':*:--¦''. '\:b "-..¦
closinfr day, of the spring meeting at I*a
tonia. The feature, of the cardwas the
Tobacco stakes, at one mile, '¦'¦¦'Ait. Brown
won and Nettle Regent and Carl C fought
it; out v for :the places- the favorite getting
the decision by a head. Lord ZenI croWd
ed Nettie Regent on the bacfcstretch and
almost threw. her.; oVer the fence..'- Jockey
Van Camp, who rode Lord Zeni,: was at
fault, and the judges gave him a tnirty
<Iay suspension for his reckless work.
Results:- ".[;¦ :~.~ .¦>;>¦.¦ -'j. '; ':'':¦]' •'i--. '- ¦>'•'/.':.':'.•'•'¦ •
'¦'¦' '''fieii'tnr. *ix furIonr»r-Eleie Barnes won. Little
Lc.r.i second. Kilt third. ¦¦,. Time,- 1;1S.' . . ¦ '•- -¦;'. '
'¦¦ Fiv« furlonp^— Mctiarka won; Bonnie IJssak
Second, May Cherry third. Time, 1:02. .-' '•:..¦'.
Handicap, one inUe-^Dissolute . wod. Charlie
O'Bttfa second; Tragedy t!>lr4. ; . Time,- lMMf.
ley : Branch ; No* : 73S^-Prealdent, F. \B.'-
Gallagher; recording secretary. William
P. -Grant, Sacramento Branch No. 423—
President^ ; Michael Butler; recording sec
retary; John "-'.;p. fWhyte. Los Angeles
Branch- No,. . 397r-Presldent. Will H.
:Whe«ler;- recordlnE 1 .secretary, A. ; E.
Lynch;: Los : Angeles . Branch No. 628^-
Pfeslclent. James: C- Kavs; . reenrdlne: sec
retary; -'.-. William. . Slmklns: 1 : San' T>ieg-o
Branch No^ «ol^-Pres}dent;. John B. Jlan
nis; recording secretary, -Henry' Sweeney,
• r Eureka Valley Jbocgre; Ancient Order of
United.- AVprJcmfiriv; has. .chosen the • fellow
fns officers for the ensuing term: - James
Quton^^p^sV:/mastfrr.:;;worliman;:--«r.^ : J,
¦Reeves^ rnaster . workman ; ; ¦ J,- . B.- '.JlcDon
aid,' fbreinan; J.' J.^Hoej*. ¦ overseer; J, : T!
Kidd. recorder: AW- J^.CUthbertson. -finan
cier;:? John ; Bahrs r ; gplderi J;; Goehr, ' re--i
eeivejr;' "George ". M:-ch»elsi frislde, ;¦'¦: and John,
Fteese,:butsi.de,:^a:tchmaij:;r)rs.. J. in So
per, . ; P.-vJ. : ".Cotitad ""a'nd. John "ftobertsoTv
medical; exarnljiers;. John!; Bahrs.; .trustee. : .
:i±K K^A-N- •; \iP K A!NQ1SCO; I GAIig ; •.^^p/^^JJJJJT^y^ WO,
25
:j '• :.:'.; : -^^ !^^^^^ft^"^ es^ Laborde's Marvelous
Frencli Preparation of
: ¦ : ' : 4r§i^ Lost an3l0Od#
¥? £m± I u " 5 Days' Treatment
By Sealed Rflail.
J^SPM^^fc ti(J ci6;B.0R DEPOSIT SCHEME.
i Every person who is a sufferer trdsrriervbus
diseases should write the A on ilohl Co^ Cinr
dnnatt; Ohio, at once, and accept their offer
of a Ove days* trial treatment trr-o of Oharce.
This Is-' nod Q.-D.-qr I>Ei<)SIT achemft but a
liberal proposition matlsto: Unfortunate suf-
ferers by thl3ipng-est4Vlishr<l .'concern, which
is tho largest Importor of speafics for neryoas
and sexual dbeascA in the tforld. .;:..- •:.'.;:.-
•The VOn "Mdhl Co-has the sole American
riehta for Prof. Laporcie's French prrparatipn
of ••Calthps.'* tho only remedyjcnpwn to ad-
vanced medical Sflcrico - that will positively
cure nervous debility.; iThls remedy has for
years been i nsed -a;s ; a.speciffc In the-French
. and Gerpmn armies, and since its introduc-
ticn Into the Unitc«l States has cared many
thousands of isufferersv, and, tho-remarkablo
fecccess of the reaedy in Europe has been ro--
Seated in this contttrjv-; ¦):;.-: ¦:¦¦.':¦ .?.- _". ': : . :.}.¦¦; ..:¦
'In order to ptaco this wonderful treatment
in the hands of every person who suffer^ tho
mental and phvslcaf anguish of sexual weak-
ness, Tba Von Wphl Co., hisdeclded to send a
free trial treatment to all who write at once.
Theremedy is sent by mail in a. plain pack-
age, artdthereis nopublicity in receiving ltor
taking Bm Accompanylne the medicine there
Is a ¦fall treatise In plain laneuaed for yon to
reud.-:Tak0 the moniclne 1 privately with per-
.JtCctiSafetyi and ia sure icure. is g-uaranteed. .
1)6/ not deceive -yourseli or remain In igno-
rance While you are being drag2;«Ml do wa by
this insidious disease. .: No matter what the
cauSo may be, whether early abuses, excesses
or overwork and business cares, the results
are the same-i- premature loss of Btrenjrth ana
memory, emissions, impotency.varicocele and
thrankeaparts. This spedfilc remedy will
cure you at any stage before epilepsy results,
with ensatasconsanptlon andlnsanfty. **Cal-
thos" goes directly to the seat of the tronble,
no matter cif bow long standlnc. and the pa-
tient fee4» the beneflt of the first day's treat-
ment. In fire days the medicines sent fre«
will cake you feel like a new man.
The Von Mohl Co. often receiTes tho mort
astonishing testimonials from person3 who
hare taken Only fixe days* treatment. They
hare thousands of testimonials from those
who have boon permanently cured after har-
inir been ciren up by doctors, misled and
ruined Ininealth by disreputable medical
schemers, and when they had glrenup their
last hope for health and happiness. No sen-
sible person will permit hl3 name to be nsed
for a testimonial as an admission that he had
any of the diseases forwhlch the preparation
of '-Calthos" Is a specific cure. Some Irre-
sponsible advertisers are using "made-up'
testimonials, but the Von Slohl Ca invaria-
bly declines to make public the names or cor-
respondence of any patients who ha"» been
FlTe days' treatment will be placed in your
hands free of cost, »nd yon are earnestly
urged for your own sake to send for it with-
out delay. .Write to day and send your ad-
dress. ' It is not necessary to (five embarrass-
injj details of your symptons. Tho book ac-
companying the five days' treatment will en-
able you to take the medicine in private and
treat yourself successfully at home. 1*. costs
nothing to try this mnedy. It may costyou
a Treat deal more to let thla offer iro by. J*-Ue
today. Address THE VON' MOflL CO. 333 3,
CINCINNATI, OH IO. Largest Importers at
Standard Preparations in tha Cntt*d aww
Compare our prices \vith>
[wtat prices you are pay- y
ling— we know of no easier^
* way for you to save money, x
jrCooper> Olive Oil 0
1 &^: -"large size S 5 cf
*•; l>-^.l'y «i to i\ .^— and it's A
W" %•¦ ; : . • ¦ at.jjjy .prire. . r
line's Baking Powde:
t R^;:x4>jwmd. . pOUtld 3OC <
N. Y. Cheese *
f K^i ; -r^ . pound i 5 cj
jGhirair.eili's Cocoa : J
y h^'^ a l r^n;-can:.iScJ
jGhirardclli"? Chocolate A
0 gg^*: pound 19CJ
and Mocha Co^e ¦¦-¦'¦ fr
w SSS^S^ pound 2^
* Yo a- ».-i<t>w bo»- g'^ 1 straight J;
¥ 3$T* and Mocha «q3«b :-s and : : '•' y
A ¦ '¦ ¦ '¦ wLar < oa i:waliT havrt :op a «— : \\
V j^i£i44<«-Jro^da>aLdT^^4 ay .• - f :
Catsup hot ioc^
a)> ¦ . jyiifya Hfil Jiff • <o— 6t. lionSs. A
\ -•• -. Re^ilar. Zjc. ' Fiery scn-B-,-,p" . : ; f .-;
§ bottle.';; Made from red ripe- :.,::• A:
' v t02*toe*— pare^food. ;. ¦ :- ¦ : ';«;.'
J Van : Ca mpTs; Soups ': . g\ j : - % ¦ f
a a^d-iCT. ¦ j A_uub j^c ¦ .
Teas.,,.^..-. pound 30c*
1 S§ 2> x fi pounds $1.00;
.. ' 1^rf*lrUi«-r,ChcoIpred Japan, \ . V
o .'¦ :,(»jroca Jir»i'-G?=-' Powder. •¦¦_-¦¦ .-.¦'.. -A
'\;.'. B^stUr :*x- vjTxalitr. .-.¦. ¦ r' :^\:.-- ;;T
i6ld Governihettt Whiiskey^
+ :, ..... %-¦&*-? '-wriZ&^t- Until* 6 nrW
> - . •¦ ¦ :ii' :•. .-jo! jit c.^tiU«iy--.- -,'-.:•: • ; ¦¦.'•:-.; ¦¦¦¦*
¦f. ;- . . ¦U»^.rrr55i)ltt>V^;-j : ;V,'v ; . ' ;-..'.'f
¦iBaldwin: Sranci y : -y-- +£SgW : ' ; 4
.¦" ir-iVM at Hi* . -OOltie.-.-.^I. VPf
A :';• •¦fir:oTi?^ha]aBioB*ach*"": •;¦•'• :*,¦%¦:'•'}§
¦\'=> : '- ;;P».vt»/tss'Jt!u;C5a.!i|orBto;>^;-- :;"-•. .:';,:; ['¦¦'>-\
.'^Table.-vCla'.ret{,;v- g^ 316ti : :;i5f y
9 ';;.' ".- G:ood..Vk^ine/.;:;Brf^I»r ii*;. : ' ':',.;?¦ ';}'¦¦'¦ '• f
¦A": • • 1 ':ild.cifcRr4l-a'4 6parklii!3^- : '¦'.¦-,¦. .':,•¦- A
T'- '¦:.' B.p£uta?.<-.e.:-;...;.. : ':;-y:": = ¦¦¦ r'/j-/l'v. ::\' ; ;!T
I i)uff.Go^onSlierrY ; 5: rW*
\ ¦¦'.. :• in.fcdi<3B.al &Hf> •'.•,¦¦.': . :- POtt JC 05c r
§ ¦'.-'¦ liiiriVCTtrs yofer etrecrto »ed :i> --'¦¦¦§¦
; w y ¦'¦'¦¦; > wd'aesii- ;Jntegt3*)p *1 J&J^ -/i: \[ [¦¦ ¦ '.
:f P. jr-iar«iJiS F-
: 'l'r.:JlarJtit BU- S.ir. ;Sh*'ttank At; ferki'lei: 4
: Flflw Broadway^..,-:- .- ,7th ft Wood, Oak. ¦ f.
'0 - z - -yt»iuSU^t,BvxJanTb:,. -.::¦¦. -\-¦ HiGIILANXJ.Sf'RlN'GS^The past week;
lias, bein H'V»rjr. busy, and enjoyable one.
The first of the: week was enlivened by a
very exciting shuflle-bgard contest, in
which there .Were eixteen entries Mrs.
«, VVVaierrttt.nf ; Woodland and Mr. He
gen won first, prize. - :: '.:-': .:.-=. - v. v :.-'.:
The t^n-.piritournarnent,. which began on
Monday- with-'-twehty-slx entries, has be»m
Very ejcciting. and at present writing is
hQi ! completed.. Mrs: F^ B. Gleen anU Mrs.
G. \V';Merritt: vs. thfif Misses Hubbard of
San Jose will -play the finals. At present
>'ritirig Jesse- Andrews hfidH. It. Warner
are U> meet Dr, R. de Pue Rickey and L.
M. Lawsoh, shd the winners of that set
to meet F.- B, Gleen'arid G. "W". Watson
in the . finals. -;V.. .-":¦ . •:• \ ," . ; Tt '¦ ¦.
There are: upward of 2t» guests at High
iar.ds. The tented city Is very gay.
Ex-Major EJlert and son of San. Fran-
Cisco are here rfor a few days.
Sheellne^ S> Htrschfeldef and wife. A. D.
Hirschfelder. Henry SinsheJmer and wK*-
Edgar StnsheJmer, . F. p, Robbins : and
wife, ..-.Miss . M. ".':: C> .•¦Towtisend, Sig. : M.
Heller.,. A- ;••.¦%. .Gurnri, ¦ A. JS.. McCreery,
George W.Hesketh.: Mrs. S. W. Ehrman,
George S.-.Ehrmah, B. Charles. Ehrman
enrtnurse-, .Mr.: and Mrs. A. ; Stelnberger^
Miss .Hilda Stelnberger, "Master Arthur
Steinberger, Master Robert Steinberger,
Master lrsvln . Steinberger and nurse,
Jolin L/ Moheeninv Theo Reichert and
wife, Milton B; ¦ Lenhon,' Ira. . H. Rosen
berg, J. L. \ Andrews and wife. Charles A.
Fisher, Mrs; Freeman and daughter; Mrs.
H. Holmes. Mrs. Havtiis ami .daughter,
Mrs.irpnracl; Miss McMillan. S. R Clay
burgh. ..Mrs: ...-Charles Sehlesinger; Mrs.
Maurice Scjiwettzer , S. . H. Slii?heinier; L.
S.tras&burger v . Mrs. S. Lebenbaura. Miss K.
Hertt, Adele Hertz, G. Frank Albright;
F. li-Fehton. L. F: Vann and. wife. Dr.
L. ¦: Oreeribaum, Miss' Alice Greenbaum.
>ll«s -Steiniiarti".- Miss: .Hilda; Stelnhart;
Jes-se ; Steinhart. Herbert : Rothchild, Dr.
R Mf tcilf, San Francisco; Max Cohen,
Miss fthompsi&n; Miss Agnes Thompsctn.
Oakland • H. R. Jaoksbn. Mrs. D, W. Mar
tin. 1), C Martfn, Alameda; O: R. Street.
J. Moaier; P. Ncit; J^ : Thornton. A. Sider.
Ei Biake, Grace l.j&Q-tt." Potter. Valley; Ed
M«:KuTist, Clarence, Koeley and wife. Ed
Martin'. SaRTord Parish, ¦'. Mis» Josephine
IXinnebecfc. : John; ¦ Dunnebeck. • Lakeport;
Mrs. H; H. : Rxitfe. Maater H. H: Rolf«»,
Virginia. City ; : Leon C. Kellogg, Crockett;
Miss VFoilcttA-Hltdreth;-:. Stockton; Julian
F: Rosenberg. Chieo ; .. M.:. D. Npteware,
Carsori . City : B. Levr, l>6wer Lake ;
George C. Codding, Sonoma; George E.
E%:ans; Fresno:; It. . S. Iiu3aell. l>ixon;: B.
\\':: Cavanaugn, .Sacramento; . Lena ; M-
Schwartz,-.- Middletpwn: J. AV. TosteT,
Bjirtlett Spririjgs; B. F. Ely Jr.. Soda Bay.
Mrs. J. V,. A. Off and her daughter
Georgia, are at their home again aftpr
several months* visit in the East
Dr. and Mrs. Bullard entertained Mme
Modjeska and . her husband. Count Roi
zenta. at dinner on Friday evening
Miss Jessie Leone Davis was married
on Wednesday evening to Dr. J. Stroth
ard White of Pasadena at the Universi*v
Methodist Church. m>er»wy
JUr. and Mrs. A. Goldsmith of South
Grand avenue have as their guests Mr
and Mrs. F. Goldsmith of Santa Ana.
Miss Myra Lindley. daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Walter Lindley. was married on
Thursday to Samuel Fowler Bothwell at
St. John's Episcopal Church.
Miss Ethelwyn Tanner haa as her gruest
Miss Edith Long of Santa Rosa.
Rev. and Mrs. William A. Knlghton
have as their guest their daughter Mrs
E. E. Clapp of G'.obe. Ariz.
Dave Norton an.i sister. Misa Esther
Norton, left on Saturday for New York
and from there will sail to Europe. Thev
expect to be gone for several months tak
ing in Germany. France and England.
Mrs. Garrettson of the Kenysiton* of
South Hill atrcct, ha«« as- her guests "her
daughter. Mrs. F. E. Davis, and sons who
will spend the summer with her.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Goldsmith of South
Grand avenue celebrated the twenty-fifth
anniversary of their marriage on the af
ternoon of Sunday. The guests present
numbered over 200. The rooms -were verv
beautifully arranged with potted riant?
ferns, roses and sweet peas. The Misses
Green and Stella Praeger assisted in re
ceiving.
On Wednesday Miss Charlotte Estelle
Benedict of Long Beach and Joseph A.
Nelson of Riverside were united in mar
riage at the home of Dr. and Mrs. Covert
The rooms were very prettily decorated in
pink and white sweet peas and ferns, wl'h
clusters of roses falling from the ceiling.
Mendelssohn's wedding march was playe.i
by Miss ThPta Lynn. Rev. Mr. Schafle
performed the ceremony. The bride was
very becomingly attired In a tailor-made
gown. Many beautiful gifts were received
Mr. and Mrs. Nelson left for the north
where they will spend a few weeks, an.l
will then return to Riverside, where thev
will reside.
Officers were elected of the Cosmos
Club on Thursday evening at the home of
Mrs. Webb on South Figueroa street as
follows: President. Curtis McLellan Red
fern, vice president. Ethet May Webb;
correspcudlng secretary, William Temple
ton; treasurer, Katherlne Thomaa. Re
freshments were served In the dinirg
room. which was beautifully decorated Cor
the occasion.
Mr. and Mrs. John Carroll of India en
tertained a few of their friends on Mon
dny to a trip to Alpine Tavern. Amonj?
the guests -were: Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Hart
wel!, Mr. and Mrs. E. N. Fortune. Mr. an.i
Mr?. Eward Harpham, Mr. and Mrs. C. J.
Walker. Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Thompson.
Mesdames Adams. Goldsberry, Pence.
Shaw and Green: Misses Maud Shaw.
Belle Cook and May Carroll.
Miss Clemens Is chaperoning a party of
the Phi Delta Chi Sorority of the Marl
borough School at Redondo. where they
will spend a few days. Among these com
prising the partv are: Hazel Ewarrts,
Annie Rowan. Kittle Walbrldge. Abia
Gwynne. Susie Carpenter. Nan Vlckers.
Jessie Reynolds. Mary Lee. Edith Mau
rice. Lila Lett. Margaret Lee. Hattle Sev
erance and Helen Newlin.
The Oberlin College graduates formM an
organization on Friday at th*? Ftrwt Con
jrregational Church, on Hilt street.- Rov. C.
G, Baldwin of Clarernont College was
elected president; Mrs. Augustus Hine.
vice president: Rev. T. W. Lincoln of Cu
camonga, secretary and treasurer. Dinner
was served at noon, the Rev. C. S. Vail
acting as toastmaster. Among those who
responded to toasts were: Ex-Uovernor L.
A. Sheldon. Rev. G. J. Webster. Rev. C.
G. Baldwin, Mrs. Warren F. Day, C. N\
Allen. Rev. George P. Klmball. Professor
James Miller Guinn. Sidney M. Haskell,
Mrs Schultz and Mrs. Duvall.
; On Thursday afternoon Mrs. X. C. Smith.
ex of South Hope street gave a children's
party in honor of her little son Chester.
The guests present were: Helen McFar
land. Esther Wagner, Katherlne Davis,
Lucile Hellnaan. Ruth Powell. Kathleen
Ouldlnger, Aleen Lindley. Earl Harper.
GeTaid Smith, Merle Smith, Harry Bow
ers. Carens Crawford, Fred McFarland.
Rufus Wagmer, Joe Kaufman. William
PerciVal and Hugh Lockhart. Those as
sisting In receiving- were: H. C. Bowers.
A. K. Crawford, Joseph Guidlnger, P. C
McFarland, O. P. Lockhart, Thomas
Powell. B. M. Davis and W. R. Harper.
A large banquet was given on Friday
evening at Levy's by the Sigma Chi fra
ternity In honor of Judge Howard Ferris,
who haa been a member for the past twen
ty years. Among those present were:
Charles Cassatt Davis. Ohio Wesleyan;
Clarence A. Miller. Wooster; J. Chambers
Meyers aAd Louis W. Meyers. Universlty
of Wisconsin; R. Garner Curran. A. O.
Martin, A. P. Thompson,. W. P. Conrey.
Thomas W. Robinson and H. P. Tebbits,
University of California; Ernest Williama
and Jv t". Cowan. Stanford: Guy Cuzner,
L, K. Garnett. Frank W. Bennett, W. IU
ilcAilep and Philo Jones.
A very pleasant surprise was given on
Thursday evening to Dr. ar.d Mrs. C. T.
Pepper at their home on Burlington ave
nue. Among the guests were: Dr. and
Mrs. D. C. Barber. Mr. and Mrs. F. A.
Salisbury. Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Ellis. Mr.
and Mrs. O. \V. Dow. Mr. and Mr?. Win
fred Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Wi R- Hubard.
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Wiison and A. G. New
ton.
In receiving. Among those present wer«:
Misses Mildred Burnett. Lucy Saunders.
Rose Alexander, Jesale Morgan. May
Jevne, Pearl Bennett. Carrie Canfleld,
Rutt) Hudson. Vera Jevne, Alda Daczlger,
Eva Danzlger, Nellie Danziger, Florence
Blaee. Eline Canfleld. Mabel Lawrence.
Ruth-- McConnell. Lally Oolburn. Mar
garet ilaurke. and Edgar Rlxon, Jay
Boothe. William Hadley, We«ley Howell,
Lawrence Thompson, Herbert Flateau.
Wilbur Campbell. Reynolds Saunders.
Harry Harlow, Harry Cllne Howard Ket
sey, Edwin Loeb, Bichard Shlnn. Stewart
Last, Fred Gauaeart, Kembert Anderson,
Weston Wilson, Henry Chamberlain, Wil
liam Garland and Grover Garland.
On Fnturdsy ever-inR-. . June ;"9.: a party
xvas pivon by Ar.«3row A:. Carl to celebrate
bla .iw< -nty-l'.rst lirthday. In nsponse to a
vniqu^ tnvitation about ¦ '375 : friends
i.-fFf-mlilca at ¦ : '. MaonnrrHundi Hall.
o >rner of Twenty-fourth street
and Fotre.ro avenue.-. -The hall was
tastefully decorated and the quests had a
tlelightful tver.inir. Among the guests
were: Mr. ar.d Mrs. Andrew Carl, Mr. and
Mrs. William P. Carl. Miss May Carl.
Vrrd Carl. Miss Jessie Carl, Fr. Schorcht
.'r., Chris Waiderirh Jr.: A. Kru-ckel. T.
Kruetkel. F. A. ("arstensen, L. Horn. F.
«'.. r.oten-Kolber, S. ChmeriS, J. Bendele,
H. n<T.n.r. Jos»ph L. Taaffe. A. L. ZI1I
jr.pr, M. D.. I. P. Bcban. C. Waidelich Sr.,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Speetzen Miss A. Kotzen
,\. Traertr. C. Sheehan. William J. Bora
<"ois. Mr. and Mrs. M. Krebs. Miss I. Clem
cns. B. J. Holle. Miss n. Wesendunk. Miss
l.irzie Wesendunk. Miss Magg!« Hogan.
«". A. Bendele, Mr. ar.d Mrs. H Engel,
MIfs Frieda Nlelson. Lillian Traynor,
MiFPCj: L. and J. Murphy. Kate Coiiboy,
I".elle Gorman, Mary Newman, Lena Holle,
home Gatherings
On Sunday. June 24. to St. Patrick's
C!rjrch on Mission street 'he marriage
ot I'frr.ard Timni>.ris au-d Julia Steel was
BolPinnized by the Hev. Father Horn. Mr.
T1mmor.« lately returned from : Manila,
v h«-re ))*« reiidt-red dtsting-ui=hcd service
.-:-¦ .-. pptty ofiicer jn the American fleet.
At the battle .of Manila. Bay he served on
the Mc<"ullorh;. The. bride is the widow
< ( :!;•¦ late Bksiue! Steel: for jfars trust
«d empioyo <if Whlttier. Fuller & Co., Pine
i'.nd Front Ptre^lp. After. U:e oor-ieinony a
fimVittuous: collation ivas ' Forved at the
home of the bride; 212 Minna" street," Those
vroper.t w«ro: Miss Alice lk-an. Charles
JklcCoy, J. W. EUley. J. McFarlan. T. Pol
lock. .Mr. and Mrs. QuirX, Mis^s Prescott.
H. P. Filira:^. Miss Stevens, Mrs. Dimond
and Charles Clark. .". : ¦ ¦'
John P. Barcett. a younp lawyer of this
city, and Mre. Alice Mason Armstrong
¦uerv married -at I'kiah on Tuesday tast
at liie home of ; the bT-id€ero.iTn's:niatli<>r.
Thf bride is the daushter cf the late Dr.
Mas<n. who fur many yv.ars was a prac
t).-:>:c physician of ; Jlebdoclno and "San
Matfo cciuiui<-». : Mr. Karnett is agradr
liatu of Slanfcird Chtviersrttjr and ts now
practicing; law in thl? city, where the
couple : will make thc'.r future
home. . '¦ ¦¦ :«'.•'. ¦ .-¦ " -.-' : ¦¦ •
resiaence of Mrs. Laura Aehurd. :>'.S
1 '.'..-n'nth etreet. Gaklar.tJ. ' at S . o'clock
t>. nx. June it, when tier daughter. Mjsj>
3 -aura M. Aclrard. was ¦ niade tin.- lutppy
bride -of Emil Iisnhr.; l'cstmaster. of i.Ha
»aond fiprtJigf, El Dorado County: Kyv.
Fatter Nolan of St. Mary? Church: of-
J:ci:itt.d. The home was l>«>autl fully dec
crat»-<l with magrvfilias. rostss, piniks.; ferns. :
ii sFamint' and a profusion pf;chlnese'-f^ft
tems.; The bride .was gowned:" Jn light
tray and p»\arl satin, trimmed -with: whit.'
la..". Tl.t- t.ridfsmaid. Ml^s Barfcara . Jl
t-ohn. a Fisterof theprpom: wore '-.a Ji^br
l.rtiwn drees. trSmnitfd with white iace'.:
William 1>. Aohar<i. a brother of the l.iritle,
acted a* best: man. ili»s Julia Lud\vi&
playrd : the wwiiiinc march. After ; the
c«T<m6ny an «-U-pant and dainty s>up}>er
was. sitvM. TlTr wadding i>rt-Bents
many and t>ra)Hiful," \ : . . —V . ; . ¦
The bride: is t Vie daughter: of the late
J. Wilson, warrant officer. U.- : S;K. ;Mr.
1 'unlap for ma.ny.. years was cqunecietl
with the l'niv>n Iron Wyrks. H« exiterefi
the wirrks ;as an apprentice and :ste&4xly
wcrk»i1 his way l-o the froijt;.- ".: He now
cccupio a position Of rjespDnsibillty uith
the.'Ooinprtsst-d Air a.nd Machine Coifu
l -f*y '•¦¦>•.. , .'¦-.¦ ¦-•-:..-' :.: "."¦' :-.: '.:.;::
After the c<rf mony a bridal breakfast
\.i'.^ svrved at the residence (if the bridw,
3242 H-iw.-.rd Ftrot't. The brtde wore k
dainty traveling c<">wn of ptarl^ray cloth,
srith hat to match; -,•¦ .' ¦ '¦ .:
Mr. and Mrs. Dur.lap are sp^uditig- their
lionejrmooQ in Southern CaUfqrnta- : ; .:.
A pr.tty •woddir.R' was sol'-mtiized:at th/»
Mf«s Marfrnrct . AVil^iin arid;' Forest :M.
I>unlap wore marrlt>tl on .Tue^ilayj- June
2J, at 2 o'clock,^n fet. Joseph's .Church.
<cn:. ; r of Ttiith -arid .11') ward streets
Ilex. Father Hariisittt officiated. -: :. .
Wedding; Bslls
Vp===^A"F.i:n>or)T is pat of town : these
F?^j <!avs, a". I \\\><- festivitfea of tfce
! -. fc-'.-ial wt ;irp t'-r.fineiS to : the*<?».
*fd<>. the the : faBKi*n.T
BbJe u-surts «r.cJ the c< ..liuiry Jjoiaes of the
tv.iU r-..t. ¦¦¦: . ; : ' /¦/¦ : ..-j : ' : :':\ •;,!:'•¦;'• • '• v : : ¦ ¦':¦ • .
: Several J>rct:y «C«ddlc«« : : have brougrht
many hui-U. to town during the week, arid
t-<> have ti;e tlrc-aters On M-ynday ."evon
!:t. ai Etta Miller c-jicnirig at the Cwlurji'
bla; th* ¦Murlfr.pHine *«t was well reJITe-
and ti;rrc Ver-v inanjvout of town
tiiftiit^r paftitati Thore are to be mart y
Jumse .pa:;-.. >• .i.v»-r. the F-oy.rth, and '-. a:i
the reJQrll a.rr : ¦^'.•vJnB rondy "to'.taiy care
<if tlu» : mnny » ho go out ttf town over
Ifc* Kourth if at no o.tti'ir time, -.. : : J.- : .'.-;. ••;.'"¦
Th<v engagement Is a!i<n-unced of K. M.
Tionjamin and Miss Nellie SchlVler, sia
i r at Mr. and Sirs. L. Hosenthal ot
Khaiiicha!. Chiha. '-'. '-.. : .'- .' "¦' '.'¦¦"¦. : -' : ''' - ;.,- : : :
Tl..' «!.f--;i^:«:;unt rwoption Cf Miss Nel
tt« SdiiUer and N. M. Beajam54 uill take
l'lar<? jsunday. July -S w at ji>i Oeaxy street,
jroni 2 to.i> i>. .m. . - : ••¦ ;. -. ¦ ¦ ¦-.:
The Bh£RC«*in«nt Is ar.r.ouncea of Miss
J-:iku Ker.iKdy and John fe. Cfawfon! yf
>a!!ejo. -. -.,: ,: ; --.--. ¦:¦''¦;..¦.'¦ '.'• " \>
The «.nj;acetnr-Rt Is ariiiounced of Miss
Kattie Sanxet, cluTipht^r ¦-£ Mr. and Airs,
r'. S.i.'iztt.. i<j H«jrnHrd S. Diftkboffi a yi,u!i^
ph4rcf)90st of this oijy. Ann.JUiic«m>--nt
of reception will 1«<:- ta£&& at a laur iJate.
TbJB marriaB* -6f .I'at'! GoklsU-lti juHl
M:s< Martha (JsobIcc, flrtvst daughter eif
Sir. .tr.d Mrs. Marcus O*oske v wtu take
j'laci-; to-day.,: . :: ¦¦.':• '¦¦¦. .-¦.¦•.":..
"Las FlfFtas" pave an outinp and pri
vate picr.ic to Camp Taylor Sunday. June
17, forWhich -they, issued a hundred invi
tatlor?. I'pon returning to the city ;he
club members and thf-lr friends went di
rect to a downtown cafe where dinner
awaited them. The following members
and lady friends were present: President,
V. II. Rosetti; Miss I. Ibbetson, A. S.
Nelson. Miss I. Powers, A. J. FalvevvMIss
G. Greene, F. M. Byrne, Miss M. An
thony, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Williams. F. J.
Estep. Miss C. Bailey, J. White Jr.. Miss B.
Johnson. M.. M. Torapkms, Miss C. Mans.
field. A. F. Williams. Miss M. Keller, W.
H. Murray. Miss C. White. William Pabst,
Miss L. Culver. W. H. Bachelder, Miss G.
Acacia Eocial Club was er.trrtainod by
H. I?. Halton at -his residence; 1015. Mc-
Allister street, on Tuesday evening; June
2S. A most enjoyable -eyehlr.'g- was ppent
in music, jrames, etc. Those present were:
W. J. Bopsert. prtsident; H: B. Hilton.
Vice prfsident; II. Thomas, secretary and
trpasuror: Miss : Carne Macklin,; 'Ml-ss
Frida T^mas^ Miss Marguerite Roger,
Hcrtha.. Maslterfr. : C. Masborg,' Miss
Pauline .13. t?n>;er. Oscar Hilton. # Mi3s
Dora Rorot. John von Staden; Miss Lydia
Roper. D. von Staden, Miss Eihel Eckr
feldt. Fabe Sturk^ns. Miss Frances Isaacs
K. W. Hanson, Miss Sadie Palmer. Mr.
and Mrs. H. I. Hilton and Miss - Estella
Hilton. - - . ¦ " '. - .¦ . •
C'ub Pcrtics
•>yere. ta-5t*-fu)i\-- ari i -atiirf<t '.with MantrrTis
,-inJ -n^y-vr*--. : TiaJiclpfZ and 'sir.tjcinpr marie:
upi.the ¦¦programme "of-'the'evpritng', .afiirr:
which 8 ri- elaborate; rierj'SV •\vfts -^scrv^-
Those • pi-jeripnt w ere:' : iStiss v .-Vda' <*)to tmn,,
Manuel .Vli>te&.- Miss Kuhie ¦ E: -HO'^r-r
¦Walter ."nrr-itias. •¦ : Antori' Lur^r.-llV." Wil^
Uarn ' Alners, ¦ ; Mies. : :¦ OUvorie ; ;-,F.vo'r:jtt. :
Oforpe- • ..'Fiph'e'r, . Miss'-Arirrie" ¦': Aniifrso'n,-
Mr. arid -Mr?.- F: :-C: Simps.ori; .Mi»is\Je?
pi* Phellori. A. Li, Borkhelm; C. H. Con«;
Mian Tda Christein. Mrs. : I^nott, : Miss
Mamie Ome«. A. O. Jlatflold; 7K. Wblte.
Rjoy_- 8weenry. r>v.a: Nace.iHnt.-' ; Louisa
Nacrarinl. Miss. Jrnn> Gunn, WiUiam
F. 1'fnfTer; A. L. Pf,iffef. Mr: and Mrs.
Charlea Busfrk. Mr,: and' Mrs... J, • W
P.^r.chl^y. II. G. Derby', J. :\V. > Kade^l,
M1rs Nellie Kenney. S. Tar.al. Miss Fe
licia Kelly. Alffiert Wi'.jiam?. .J»!ss.':.Rnth
Allen. Mi)»s Elfa. Mo«=.-r; Matt F«r7crerald.
Aliss Kittle KurlonR.G. White. P: Hewlf-V,
!Miss K.tte Connelly.. >!r. and Mrs.-j.
Leonard . Mi««. Mary Shnnm-ssy. . Miss
Hannah -Wh.U-p; Jne Hofron, 'Frank-"Ray
mond. L. Pteriir,}?. G. tie •' Uninne'r, :Ches.
ter Bal«>r, For^Pt Hutchlsi->n. A. .'j.
Ycun;. JIIss- Annip Pefsler, G^orfte Mc-
Carthy. Wil'inm : J^.Kep.ney. EnoH.Poii
ratt. Mis? Hn?e Dunn. Al J. Nevra\imorit.
Miss Ethel M. Hutchison and Mi^s Jujia
White. . • : -.•¦¦¦-
.-.-.On- June i\ n plpijwj.n.r, party was gfi&tt
at tho b.|ni*».- nf.ite, Kate- H"o*jlAr'. : 1S^
liuchanan street. The t;ci»as-iuii u-;«.^ :. tlv?
anniversary «f Th^:. lady:s ysm-cniy-flrst
lijrthday.: T.he : (,jl \ nx.iv-.K. " \\:cr» j'T^iMsr^
Mr. ; antl. Mrs. -J-.h.n . •Flfwbwa'TTi" Mr. .nti'd;
Mrs.'Chark*«; lri^iMhma??, '¦'.¦ "":Mf ; and ¦ J)r< ;
Thtirhn-s U. H'.-sl'r.-; Mr.; and >frs, oW,:- i^y
Uoch'-st/rr. .Sir,; an*} : Mrs:: ¦¦l-.va'rk- ¦ -JJaker i
•Misses, Carrlv; Heoti!^^; Tillie iSraritters>^
Fl»jr*rit^/ , Holr,-: ; Lsiiira : HymariiV,: : j>rta-
Etater, ::Annab>Jl • " Fli-iRhman '.-..¦/ : : :Mes?tsV;
Ck'TOf-nivThoTp. anil flW'ri,'(>, XSVismaitm >'•
;V very {il.-.i.-aiit isvi.rprfH'p '-party wa& teh'i
: derit«1 Mn. and Mr?.: J; I). C<ron. at their.
;ro?l('i:eKce, ..^S ."¦: KVirirth ' : avf nue.- '• on : the ;
evening:..: of gat'u.rday; : Jut\p $3 . Th<? rofinW'
A . Hrihday Burprfat? T^rts" vi'as: piveri to
A. S. Jv-H'at his luvrr-.V: 117 ' Fillm''.rt»
s:r. : et .. Itv '•!}»? nifmiicis of- the Njnr'ti.ci.n
Huri5r<<l *_"4>ti'Jjn:<"lul) nri Saturday ev-en-.
tT'gy Juno 21.. ThriKf ji^sont '''wrre: : .'Mr-- arid,
Mrs. J. J. ¦". JovWv Mr, run! : M?5. W. H.
,F.';f:<=t. Mrs..J.: Mf>fgart. EUvnr.l E. -Beard.
'Miss. Maitje S. ' Perry- i Clalon Cumiinj?
ham» Mis.- . .Ma'fuM Jnhrfon. R. n.Coiiriel-
Iy. Miss TiUio> irrny.-r. M. D. Ebnvr.: Mi**
Laura vMorcaUiClniiil ';ili FischoT, Mi^s
Mntlaler.n Wa^chttr, AV. W. Vosf, Miss
Ma Br&rAer. James fi. GHos, Miss Mario,
Brprveerv W.nlt«rT .".-Clark." Mi.^-s: Aiir.;' Ai]<-
Benjamin C-orir t l'-y. : MJ.«.= Ma'in't-iie
.-K-elte-f, -.vH- -Mossort tjjm'.u^r.s; Mi$f p6itt$e|
Nfittmr-ir.p..: .William. ' UU #, '.Mifs : M;»-.ule
Fi&cp.er. "-Wv TI. t'rmy. P.^r.oy li'u'rin.. Hay
iift?r!<l Mavrea.Jy anil Mr. ar.fl Mrs. A. T.
Joe% ¦,-¦/¦'. : : ;' ; '¦'-: '.:¦¦: . ;.- ' '--v^* .:.;. - v -.. -.
: .A \;t ry p.'easant sutrri^ party was given
tr>. N'fliit* Moiaii !;isi Sv;j:i':;i> i-\ '(»nl' i;. June
"I: aX h'/.r Ti fiiHiUV.ci- , . V.-'.h Ifowar '-1 ¦ FtrseU
The evf-ii.tu/t w,v<= pru-nt 1n : ff;ini"> . sliiRif'.g
aiid .laiirius.: ¦ T h"S0 j*r* sent -wfre;;-' Mr>3. :
M'lrrir! ; ; M r«: . S{>Lt he. M rs J Ca ! ] ah;'*n Mrs?
llncai'.v. MissM; '.aji^lfii, Mis? X.Ljio-:
ran: Miss K. f.an&ilaj.i.- Miss- M; Monviv.
>Iiss ¦ Rose Natrlt-. Mrs.'- -. Uoyli. ¦ Mis<
Mal.TRf-, Mr. • r'.jr+'ijurri.: Mf.. LaV.S'i'iu. -V. :
M.iran^iL). M'.>raj.i. J. Moran;" Mr. Bt-ilane
andvGv:-Kr!Jy;;.: ;^ ¦¦:-:'¦¦ - -'P\ "¦¦;¦>. '-J:^}^ - : ¦
<>ritliv .-v.niri.a: of . .Tuso 2;t Silks Cari>Iin<?
l'raj 5is4 yvr. n surprise jj.-irty at the
hor.re Of Jkt fri'-nd, &[l«s';EraiHt' IVt-ri mW
FjH'ert s:rft'jt. '-Tho parlor.* wtrt' beautifully,
decorated with swrcl pc^ ant! ferr;.-*.
Tliii.ec iire.ynt tt^ri>: ! Misses Emiiie an»j
Klim- Pot.-r. Ar.ifn , Il«>rr.i»nian. ¦¦. Kt!u-1
;liorrjs"rsan, Kathleen MariHc-s. -Mul<? Su'.H
van. Ka'ie Srhimpf LVzs'ii*.: Zlm.jher; : Ida
Tr. ioijwoll. Ruth Laz.ri.li-,. Annie ; Bra'1y ;
IJflia White. Flc,r:V .Fr..-inoe<?. Jt-nnif St.
lV-'^r. <-arnli;u- I*ru~. Ar.m* Hu.K. Matiide
ijchirripf: Sa^fjta ': Fit iding;. Messrs, P.
G4ldie r iind J. Weh»-n ./:;; :.- ". : : ; ;:. '¦< \. ' : ' ¦;
uscic ! aiid auntj Mr. sih>J lira, A. N'ewman,
:<u tlk:r.' n.'S!Ui;i:ce, ill i't .::r.t! avenue"; on
v?i:iid;iv. Juno 21. Thos.^ presf'ri-t wt-rc Mliij
-PeAtl .felu an. Mi>s &?>'*- 1j L: ; >\veiithal, MiP-<
H'Siii'a Jacuwbosky. tiiifi t'vivia CryHti.-Ja;
M'ss U<'!1f» liarri*; Master .iV'e Hurwii.
iliss J tj .tic ttf- Harris, -Mi>-» Jbselpjilrie- ?v\-w
nian, Mlks* . Jeniiic . GarrtMi.- ?iis. JI. Mas-
T.< i rinan..Miss Adlcr. Mr. an«V Mrs. A,; New
man and Mr, :(ii!d.M.'s. A^ Harris. . In the
rvfnfag th<-)!=r- jjres^ni wt'.: Mr. :iri:l
Sirs. J. ; : Ite-hf«ld., Mr. - :\mi Mrs. II. l>:'i\jd
s<ni, A. Link*. Mis= K^Mitr: K.raus. Mr.
arid Mr*. -W/. Js'ewmiu :ii{»d Mr.' and Mrs.
A. SVwm.'in. : . .'" : :• '.. ¦ ": ¦ : : -! i ': : -.
A pl^a>,-iut: iJurpriFP party was ..-recently
triveii to ih<: M^st-s: ..-J.rinnic C>r».fn. N, Ray
ar.rt R. iy-nw-iiy at thr. rcsid^ruo o? Jfe
H. Grocn. M',o Howard strfi't. Those prrs
tm wire: Mi^teS M. Gree.jv. N'-".i;o ltay.
Hif.i C-unway, Maud^ Rivers. Ella COuway,
i.t-ron> cnnwav, Liczii- •¦ . .i^uyourettes,
iJiancl'.e llivors. Pboebe C'-yK-. N'oiln- »J«-e,
lu-vnii' , Wilson, (ivrtruile Hicione, Salinas
Jf yr'si- 'arid ¦ Eveline Watts; am) Masters J.
i'Urjih.V; \ r . Hathftte, tl. liaoh'ttto, M.
I^ascur-'ttcs. K. Gre*n. L. CaiJileville. W.
GitTar.iH.Ii, M-jrphy, K. .Simcne, M, Shoen
feld', E:-<juimuy,'G. Morse, P. I^eary and
II. Murray;, ..-.".•:.••¦¦¦ r.;:-:--- '-'•."¦ : '-¦''¦.' '
.A v«-i.v pleapantcinfirrnation party was
teiidfrerl t« . MifssiSfidie" Harris by : her
Alblna Prosck, Mr. arid Mrs. C. Tie-deman.
Charter Sturlit-rt, Emily Stuck<.rt, Charles
Sturkert .Jr., Mr. ami Mrs. H. Kclilcnbeck,
Jxjttif! ':-K-. hUnbcck. Harry KrhlfnVxck. M.
J. GouJ.J. Mr.nnd Mrs. J. AV. Sliannon,
Mr. aivii Mrs. F. P. Tay!or. Ro;; e Kelly.
Kate. Kelly. Fr<?d Olson, Marguerite Caroy,
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Snmnnvvilk', Ed Sum*
mrrvinp Jr.. Wllllain Sunimi rv:l"e. Marion
Ktirrimorvllle, Mr.< H. K:i«'rrr:;tu. Ml?s Hcy
r.<Udp. Air. arid Mrs ii.J. 5.V right, 5 Carl
Wright, Janies Wripht, M»ks Huth Fcnl,
Miss MSy -Donahue. 'May-. Hamilton.' Hazpl
F.>ni. Charles ll.Hato.s, MaiiJ -M. Bytes.
li(-orpp J. ilvCurmick. Mr. uUO Mrs, J. W.
MfC«rro).-k. Mrn. M. tU'i;d.i<', Jo'pejih
Hollc. MiFS'eft'Ai and K. Sjii-otzen and L'-l
li<; Gj'oebinper:. :.:..: ¦:¦¦ -•
PASO ROBLES-rArrlvals at Paso Ro
bles during the past week- Include: W.
Dutton, Byl Coblentz, J. F. Nolan, John
Searle. 8. P. Meslck, L. Cassel, James
Smith, A. M.. Barnett; F. Hollander,
Adolph ' Klau. H. Lederer," Ed Meyer,
Louis Johnson,' J. • M. Johnson and wife.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Late ar
rivals at Klamath Include: Captain A. C.
Freese, Mrs. A. C. Freese Master Walter
Freese, the Misses Freese, Master Clar
ence Freeze and nurse; Dr. and -Mrs. L. L.
Greene and children. W. C. Brown.. J. W.
Rooch and wife, Miss May Rooch. J. Cal
Eubanks. Harry Dlggles. J. M. Einstein,
Miss Alice R. Power, Miss Susie S. Mor
rison, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Emilio
Schumann, Guatemala. ...
GILROi' HOT SPRTNGSr-The fallowing
guests registered: at Gilroy during the past
week: Dani O'Callaphan.- M. D. afead and
Wife, MaFter Wintield Mead, Mrs; M. Car
paneto, Fred J. O'Corinell, R. Lerinan, J.
li. Kelly. Jam^s Shea Jr.. Mrs. J. Winter,
MIssMarguerlte Wlnier, William Lafre
nit, Charles A. Drurjv George )Devln«,
George K.- Gallagher,: John T. Desmond,
Mi J; O'Brien, -Will Finnle. Captain E. D.
Parsons, Mrs. Dan T; Cole. Mrs, Minnie
Brosse; MIp=5 Florence Schantz. Mrs. H t
.Rivers. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Dalbon.- Joseph
F... Nolan',' ill ss Espin&sa .and maid. Dr.
Fra,nk Barrett, M'*s 'Ada Smythe., Mrs;
finiyVhe. Mrs. L. E. Smith: Miss; Eme;
Smith. Ml*a Amy.. Smith, Martin Stevens
and wife. Miss ! Delia Burnham, Miss May
Burnham and William Bogen; San: Fran
cisco; Captairi. John E- Blakey, London;
Mrs, William Turner. Bolmont; Charles H.
Bairn, Yokoharna; Mr?:. M.:E. Mills. San'
Mateo: R. 'Donovan, • Hon. : "WiUlam. Lori-;
gan; Mrs. "yv r iHiarn;Lorigan,\San Jose: Mr;
and Mrs. W. A.-: Pitcher;-, Los Aiigeles;
Fred Teller, Paul Kellagg, Alameda; Mr..
and Mrs. J. H: Rowe, S. F: Murray.- H. C.
'¦ Jack Leddy, Watsonvllle; Ira Ii
Ramsden, Hdllister; ME«s Lillian Barrow.
Miss Lizzie Martin, Joseph . Princievalle,
James Princevalle." T. F.. Ca?ey, Gilfoy. :
CASTLE CRAG— The following is a.list
of the late arrivals at Castle Qrag: David
Davis, Phil Sellg. A. L. Scott and family.
Miss Imogene Stuart. Miss Hawley,
George T • Hawley^ -Earle Derby, Richard
Derby. Mr. and -Mrs. AVakefield Baker; J.
1^. Smyth, Colonel and Mrs. Marvin P.
Maua. J. W. Chanfiler, Miss- Charlotte
Robinson. E. B. Robinson. Walter H: Rob
inson. Mr. and Mrs. George S.Scovel, Mr,
and Mrs. J. Kennedy.- Charles Fox Tay,
A. Carrlgan, Mr. and Mrs. W.. R. Wheeler,
H. J. 3»Iorton, Joseph SIoss, Miss Rube
Levtson. Miss L.- Madden, Thomas P.-
Smith. Mr. and Mrs. B. Hayden.Mr. and
Mrs. A.- C. Rulofsan. MIps Gladys Rulof-:
son. Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Stuart," Charles F.
Stuart. Mr and Mrs. George L. Walker.
J. B. Lauck. J. Crichton, Mrs. M. Irvine,
J. W. Byrne. Mrs. W. E. Dean." Mr. and
Mrs. .Walter L. Dean. San .Francisco; Mr.
and Mrs. Henry D. Nichols. John Sr.huler,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank. L". Brown, Master
Lawrence Brown, Will R. Chllds, Oak
land: H. AV.- Duncan. S. Crandall. H. Mor
ris, Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Reynolds, L. C.
Scheller, Louis A. Greata, Los Angeles;
Rev. and Mrs. James Otis Lincoln. San
Mateo: Mrs. J. -H. "White* Alden P. White,
Alameda; John B. Metcalf, Berkeley: A.
S. Burwell. Seattle. Wash.; Frederic Mot
tell. Tacoma; Mrs. William Honeyman.
Miss E. J. Rutherford, F. D. Honeyman,
Portland. Or.: Mrs. L. H. -dough. Miss
Clough. Concord. N. H.; C. J. Rlley, C. R.
Paul, Mr. and Mrs. J. Tufts, Mrs. -J. A.
Guth, Chicago. -' . ' ¦ r
. NAPA.. SODA SPRtNGS-i-Thirty mem-!
tiers of different baseball clubfi of Vailejo
ViKfted Napa. Soda Springs on Sunday- last:
Rtglfitervd at thA Springs :the lasl werk
were:- H. Wipe, Mrs. A. T. Burns arid- fam-
J1V; E, W, . Morrt?. Frank A. : Bush, R.
Mattheys E. CY Priber and wife,. Fred
Cnstlc. Dr. Max Dothschild, Frank fl,-
Mtghill. R. Chapman; A.' D. Himmelman.
W^-A.Gorhperti, E.P.Panforth and fam-.
ily. Miss L.- :M. Jackson. A. Ferrogiaro/
Clara Niekep, A. Schoetiffld, Mr. and Mrs.
OsgObd Hooker, child arid maid, San Fran
cisco ;¦ Mr?; Ira Bishop, and Angus
OaJdand; Mi?s Mamertck: Chicago: Miss
B. Ganter. Mis? AVesteriield, Miss Lee aria
A. It: Straas. ,Napa. . •. : ' .:.':• •; ..."•
: Rd.WAnnKXXAX-^HotetiRtiwAj-deririrtn
rtr!'iv-nlH-liH.-:i:'l> v :-^"A. v Sv'-'-Rl3, : .'-A. Hueh»t ; e1.iv
'G:«|«rgfe.- : - : FZ : yolkrriann. -EUR'erie- ;,;.Ti'icQi{. : .
tiK'itte : Tricou.:j; : E. .i)Hver r ;ii>. ;Dpzier. .R. :
pV;Pimck«l. arid ;^if*;:; W. : J: ; Nash, H^ "It.!.
'BeirnsteiH,. Mir*;;. J- "LV ¦Bradbury; : Master:
Kds6ri : BFridbury.; John Searle,.:F: S. Ftol.tz.
J. ' P.^Scheele^ :M1«3 ,A; . B. erth^au;- ;Mrs:--:A).;
j; : ."(^aTirna : ny;; '>M ».«>:¦ I'Torerice; Carmany,- .Mr.'
ari'd !i Mi:si : C.'A> :Hen.ry;"Mr; : v andrMrs;:^;.
E. ;O*Pbririel.l. : Mr.' an«'l Mrs. Garcet.:. Siin.
Franciscur.^ir.'.- aiid.. : Mrs; :B. -J^.S.jrttitH^;' &'.
D:M. Aekerrhariri:,: ?Irs}:.;: J. : :p. : Ackerniajirt,
Miss ; il^h/ytU?.-. AVkerniann; • ; :Mrs:i ; JanieS
Agier. .Mss> 'fc :Agtof,:-"H. ;P ? Hussey, Mr. ;
Ana; -M rs:. '.A-: : t»: : : M cPona ld.' ; Mr. ¦ a,hd Mrs.:
G. : AV; itcSoal 1 : Jir^ Arid two imalda. . ErH
nf=t;iif Mf Eirirtfm . M c.X ear ; .Master
George: W. . McNeitr; : : Oakland ; . J.. A. -Tay
ton •: PhH taj'lbr;. Dt:, :!an(f • .:Mrs. •: ;:M:.: >VV
IJruw.rii Edric: E. Brown. Alamfida; fMyrvft
Warn^ri -Kate"' Arms, M, W. Moore. Kat
rina'ICron.-Santa- Cruz; W; E". -jMlghlll,-
Berkeley: E. ; Gllrnbrf, Glen Alplrie; Mts:^
Miirlon Evans and Miss Ma,y.EvAns, San
Jose; J. N." Russell, :Pretprla,:.S. A.i O..
Inrtiha. Portlsnd.:'" -¦•"'¦.• :•:••' ';':' ¦¦'¦"¦
VCAMFORNiA:HGT : SPRlNGSWThefoir
l«w:irig ' giies'ts registered -at ¦ ..Ckliforiilai
SprfnKP tivt' jia.<t: wepk: fc-riMtvSari FraiJ-
Ci&cb^Mr'. and Mrs.' V'i- H..- IJfrnays, UrtvivT
H/M&tPmfem, Emily L. : K<tr;
¦\Vj p.' :\S'js(f.;Ev'-W;' Morris.- Mr'.' -^rid. Mrs.;
¦¦'F : .i P. Kjti'i.- Nclsdn : Andrew-s,-.Mii<4 Asnlii.
H'undle,' Mrs.:: E;V- F: '-'Burns .arid- sOriv Mrs.:
S. ; A; -Guii^t: and fiiTtiity; II.: 8. \V0.od,; Mr. :
and Mrs. C. A. Oole; A. : «Y". Matthews,
:Mrs.;Hv' IL Wfipfl;- Mrs;^.' M- .Nurin, -Mrs:
M'-iLJl-'I.^rliivrrV'; Bonald- Berliner^ George.:
l u-x-'Xi nor., -Fftderick Palmer;: R. R. .'.Muri.rp.;
SARATOaA fallowing
are^ r^gisterciJ • nt Saratoga ..aprltigs::- San
!• rancj^co— Cliaries Patt-y 4 1"-;. BOiuo Ivarir
co.yic.kv : G- ¦ B' liarietSi AviiUaTn JvoP ie . M rs.
I:. Noble, Mrs. li. Hiibbard. Ratph, M;
1 iubbard^ Mrs, AV. J; '.."• vLoey. Mabel N.
Cv'ey. VvV arid N. C. Coey.: W..E. Hart., F,
happiirsbe^Ker;-: -H.: -liappersberger^:.; J.
Notewin. L. Sehwerinv J.;.-J'.: : Cpltins t : Clyde
Ualton, Mine- ••''ilv iiada,: -A. :i?» - liirschiej
dt-r; E/ Mandirlatid wite.. Mrs. M. achweit*
ztr, Jeftrey aciTvybitzer,, Ait«rt 'sphwe.Usse.ri
>ilv:S^I;»;e.ii:ifivvM^
k\ -Guggeiihcimi ' Miss.:: H: .^titeinbf.rg.er.
Frank.' -»iandel, .ii, .Stfas^burger. . J. iiiishr
.teiUerv '1 hei)Clor© HeKiKert aiid; wjfe. M?"s.
H. : Sinsheimer... Stanley Sinsheimer, M. vl't;
LemiotvA. Gvipip. S..M," Simori, A. Steln^
bti-Rer r ; wlf e arid niaid. M'.ss Hilda . Slein
b«.*rgti-. Master Arthur .yteinl.rrger, Masr
ter ;iiob? ; rt Hteinl'ergtr.; - Master Irwin
Steinl.terger;, 3pnn F; Moles.tn. A^lyV. Blu^
jrienthal, C.' Ii H^ehmari: and : wife'..: Georg*
S. ;; ittiiisJanUerj- Miss: Louj^g Kschm«iil,
lyouis, M.:'l ; hii - rbiich. Mrs, E. C: M- ..T-hi6;r».
biich; ¦'¦• Thiftrtinch,; Cl;nr;(cs ¦ t!as-.
assti. Mr«S. : A. OslrosKi. M^rs. : . J. ' G. Misav
Florence v Mish* ¦'¦;. lUv^ebud u;Mish.-. .• Ala?
meda— H, ;.", -It:: VJacksmi. ".Mrs/ \y, AlAtr
tin;;:;. -Or ••^Martin; --W.^ • :;'rack^r ;; ;ahd
Wife. Mr.: ahjl Mrs. FJ I>e(nihge:r.: .Misis
M> VPemi*iBer. IiliFs K. Peining^r. Oak
iahil-^AYr'sAi Dcni?on, : -If.- Mel- adderi, :!*
Fly ririv Mae- M. Cohpri^ the Misses .Thom.p r
spfii Mrs;. C 1 1. Daly. Miss; Mabel Daly ;
George Gfayn;/ Sarita : Rosa; .M. D. . >¦:©£•»
:ware.- Cnrsen, Xoy. ; r.M-lsa . F. Illldreitj,
Stockton:'-.: ; ; i'i-iV ??¦¦-"¦•« ¦¦ '¦,:¦¦•':¦ - : : "'"- ' "V---^
HOTEL VENDOME— Late arrivals at
Hotel Vendpme, ban : J6st>, include: Dr.
and ' Mre; L. ' 1>, r Punba r , Stiiar i:~ I-'un.bar,.
J. F. iS'oian. George J.; Lumbley arid wif^'i
H. 2. '¦ Campbell. i>r. F. . yf.< Skaife, .Mrs;
1Y Phillips, George E: Tucker, 1; : H. \ Acki
erman, II. Arnhoid arid wife. Miss. A. Arn-i
hold. \A1.. G;: Krjrl and wife, Mxs^ E. A.
Haviks^urst, Mrs. R. E. Pifrce,U. ; Upod
win and wife. Miss Grant; Edwjtrd Pdnd,
¦Mrs.':-;v Edward ;. pond, ¦ Mrs; .-':. Samuel
Schwartz, S. C. Snanklarid, W. M^ Grltfln;
Airs. ;AV. M. Grlmn, AV. ii. : King, G. Js T a
than and \vif«?. C. Ellis; Dr. A. <i. Lahg
fcld and wife; W. 11; Wharton. : Mr. Jind
Mrs.. William Lund; Mrs. W. G. Wright,
W. : .H: .-: Moore, : Miss Aloore, Joseph K.:
Poik.Mr. and Mrs.C M. Mann. Miss Asia
Russeij;: a. E. Casties," : wife and child; A.
\\'.; Porter,: A. Ji Hechtman. A. ;G. Free*
mari; Miss NufcHrger.: Miss Nichelsfbureer.
Wr; and ; Mrs. F." S. Johnson^ Miss .Kwt
fnce,:VcraltaKh'an.t-- Mips Mabel , Hogg;
C* -¦.-¦ . H. Hunter, ' Mrs. liermun; Kritar
lander, "Mrs; .William^ Uisrlman, .:' :Miss
Mabel : Adams ¦ : . Ayer. . Mi: -and Mrs,
A.. SeeUgsohn,. Miss Helen H.
Huddlefiiari a.nd wife, William Hough,:'!'. :
J. Schuyler and : w^fe. A. . Alper arid wife,
R W. Osborne aiid wife, C. C; Kinsey, J,.
Cf. Pa^n, Edward V. . WooU, H.: G. . I'layr
fair, c. C. 1'erkiri.s. P. W- Graves, .E.'
llirsch and wife. 1>. M. Pei«as, J>. ; R:.
Tut tie, F. J. MayheW, : I): H. McLaughliij
and' wife, W.F, TownPi -\\\ J. Shoiwetl,
R.' L.- LUienthal, porizel Stoney arid wiiu,
Peane HaLi. : JJanFrariC'iscp; -Mrs.: J. . A.
StariUiy, Mrs. A. P.. Braytgn, -Mrs. itob*
ert-Puncanand two chiicirpn. Miss Lucille
Pearve;:Francfs Cutting arid: wife,, Oak
land; If. Mjc|iae]& -arid wiff, J. Wi ; Jack*
?ort, 'Ajariieda;:. Mrs,: W. V: A.; Brewrer,
Mrs. Van NejiS. tian Mateo: XV- A. Bell.
i\Lrs. F. A.: J5eli, Miss Bell, St-attle. :. -'..;¦ L; : -
1NPEPENPENCE LAKE^-Th«r follow
ing ¦ guests . registered • • at Independence.
Lake during; the past :¦¦ week: ;...Frpm; San
Francisco— F.: •: J. ¦'. Sytnmes, .Miss : -j May
Symmos, Stanley R. Symmes. Miss . Ra
mola Bigiow, Miss Florence. Boltori, "Mrs.
AV. , : A;: fewinnerton. A. B.i Swinnerton v :A.
M> Swfnnortonii John .Plunkett and; wife.,
Mrs. Charier McD. Delany.Miss Pelaji^'.
Mrs. Paterson, ' Miss : Paterson, 0.' :Ki
l'atersori, Miss. Mlchc-lsori. : ¦ Qakland^J,
W:: I'almenteer. F.- - R. ¦•"¦ Glrard 4 'M. ; ' AV
Thomas, MKs A'. : B. McDonald; Miss T.
Ejsson. : A. F. ¦'¦¦. -Keef 'e.r. : Santa. Cruz-^-Miss
Marie : Pioda.- •¦¦ ; ' " .-': .¦-•.:"••: ¦'. :r ' .-A ¦¦ '. v .: '.¦¦.¦:¦ : ; ; :
and child, Paris; J. W. Cunningham.Mlss
Wright, T, L: Rea. : Miss Brigsby, Cal
pella; 1L O. Bryan and wife. : AlniiraJ
rthoda Kemp,: Middleton; ¦ Leon C"Kel
logg; Crockett: H. WMlewett, New Yorkt
Miss Orpha M. "Foster, Ventura; Miaa
Nellie C.; Wood, Santa ; Barbara. ;.'-, : ¦'.•'¦•'.¦. "-.'¦; : .; ;
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Saratoga Springs
during the past week; A. W: Schroder,
F. "Welgmann and wife, J. J. Cusack, J.
F. • Helms, G. Schwerln, E. Schwerln, Mrs.
Mohr, E. Mandel,. Maurice Icewentzer,
John Schleon, O. E." Pettis, George Ri
vanel. Walter E. Hart, Julius Lemle, G.
G. Stlce, San Francisco; Hugo Kruger.
Frantz Hesloh, Lester. Wilkinson, Eva
Wilkinson. M. J. Levy and wife. Bertha
Levy. F. S. Osgood,* ©akland; F. Helnln
ger and wife. MamH; Heinlnger, Emma
Heininser. Alameda; R. ¦ Grayhana. wife
At tbc Resorts
Mrs. J. W. Coleman. Master Lewellyn
Kathhoff and Mrs. C. C. Gorman and lit
tle daughter Gladys are visiting Mrs.- W.
W. Freeman of Fallon.. Mr. Gorman will
Join, them later on.
After a two months' visit to her folks
Mrs. Julius S. Morris and daughter have
returned to their home in Los Angeles. :
The Misses Rattle and Carrie Wolff are
the- guests of the Misses Isaac of Stock
ton.
Mrs. Hunt of Nevada City, with her
nephew, will spend a month at the Hotel
Lenox.
Judge Matt H. Johnson ojt Sacramento,
with his wife and daughters, is registered
at Hotel Lenox.
Mrs. E. F. Burns and family will spend
a few weeks at California Springs.
Pr. Lu- Ella Cool, who is en route for
Cape Nome, has been visiting Mrs. Cap
tain Monroe of Portland. •
Mr. and Mrs. Slgmund Stern and family
have left for the St. Helena Sanitarium,
where they will spend the summer.
Ruth Berliner la spending her summer
vacation in Alameda, the guest of Miss
Hattie Jones. • ' ¦ ¦
Mrs. B. Jacobs Rnd Mrs. W. Schwartz
and families are spending the summer at
2160 Alameda avenue, Willow : station,
Alameda.
Miss Rita May McCarthy of 1001 Florida
street Is spending her summer vacation
on Sutter Island, Sacramento" County. Cal.
Mibs Grace M. Sullivan of 6V6 Meacham
place is spending her sumer vacation at
Sutler Island. Sacramento County, Cal,
Mrs. W. H. Walsh of 230 Hyde street
and Mrs. S. \V. -.Mayer of 505 Hyde street
left on Sunday for Los Angeles, the for
mer to visit her daughter, Mrs. F. Eva
Goldman, and the latter her mother, Mrs.
E. Van Law. They will be absent from
the city about two months. •
•Mrs.: Grace H. Powell of 822 Larkin
street* accompanied by her friend. Miss
Mae I<andreger, are spending the summer
at Santa Clara, •: ¦- . . .' .;.
Miss Ethel and Pearl :Shaen.are'.spend
ing a few weeks in Redwood City, . the
guests of Miss RiseiHtlsoh. > '- . ¦ ¦ .- -
, Mr. andMrs. :Jo$eph lierrscher. Miss
Emma Herrscht>r and Master Bdmopd
Herrscher left for ah extended tour ,o£
Europe ori June: '2S. • . . . • : ¦- : . '¦; - ¦ '¦: •
Mr, arid: Mrs. j. Raphael have removed
from 1207 Pacific avenue, to 836 Page street.
" I. -Abrams will leave shortly for Europe,
on the French Mner La Touraine. ;
iMesdames.iH. and C Bush have' rented
a house in San' Rafael, where they:'in
t-end to spt-nd the summer, irioriths, and
their mother, Mrs. A. Schwartz, is th.eU
gup?t; ¦ " : . . •¦ :•.• . - '¦ : - -. ; • .-. : : ¦ : .. •
: .'Miss: Jennie Sena :has. returned -after a
pleasant visit of two: weeks to the Mes
dames H. and C. .Bush of San Rafael.
pr. Francis pelmorit. has* left, this city.
for a. 'three nionvhs' tptir ol. Europe. '¦' He
will visit : the Paris : Exposition; : on : his
journey. • ,' . - ' . .'":¦ '{¦ ' ; '..'¦' : -\: ¦' '¦•
: Mrs. -E. : -Hnnimersmith and • her .- two
da lighters; E!su. and ¦ Kl.orenee, have .left
far :y sjx. weeks'.' stay : at Mare. Vista,
Wrigh'tV. Station. $anta : Cfu? Mountains.
: |Mr. • arid : Mrs. Charles ScHroth, Miss
Alice. ¦ :MisB Fiorenfce : : and . Mr. Johrr
SqhrothjMf- and Mrs. H. H, Young and
famhy-, Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy und
family.- ate at Skaggs Hot Springs for a;
few ' \veeks.. '¦.'•'¦¦¦. ¦'.'¦ '¦' ¦¦¦' .¦'.¦'¦ ;
¦¦ The Mis-sO?. Rase",' '.Bessie and Agnes FIhl- :
liitian -^and .Miss ;MarriUV Marhi.an :6t Oak-,
land will shortly 'leave for Oleander Farm..
PrvPtoh :Station,: -neaT. : Clov<?rdalc, where
they will' spend thteif aummeT;va'eatlon.. :
'¦ -Airs: . r ii:'' : e<?hnV and; fanj'ily, ::;^;-'Sc6tt;
s;reitt,- iitave' gouviv -;Skrt£ gs: ; Sp:ririgis: fOr
lliKi.suriiWf^::'"- -'J-i-'A' !•"•,. •'!.'•/ h- *:;¦.:•¦¦¦' 'i--".'SV ¦{¦-
¦ Mig$; ;J-jninia Stabperi-Hock haa/'goJjeita
:AiiilvrsSit-$prin:ss-:fyi :a.shyiri: "stay.:: i-- -\
¦ Sirs,' jarroli. StaulOrii U-Tt. for H^iippe
fliwl " the-: HuiyY LaM -evtiilrigy
Juii*/- ¦^i^arta;-v\-9-! ;'V.o ¦ : f»UK: : ; a!>tJUt; :a-;-.y*;ar.i
She •¦ -w"»t : l>'e : acee'rniuitut'd.; nri :h"e"r. Icrcign-
MlsSs;. Je.:.nlJ- S: ¦LntliSopv.iher
ijieiei ii-rid Miss JJt ; rih« lierner-, -Tnbi? privat'ti
BeicreuirT.-.,- -:.-' V: : :, f :¦:¦¦''¦ \\ -¦: .'¦¦¦'' '?¦¦.-¦¦ "¦'¦')¦ ¦:¦-¦
•"Atr:--ajijl . Mrs;. ehaTJe3 ; G>Lath.rpp- left on :
MiJiidci^ioiVs'iifrigUi'thepriViits eftr V-S^atir:
fottlT' f oV >T<-w -Vwrk.- CJiy : - acconipanyUVg
iirs: Stanford. 'as far- as Xftw- York.-. 'They:
will^be- guilt;:' a>6ut-.tfire«. : weeks, ;.:• ;•' -ij., ,;• ..-.- .:
'•:^Xrs; r: 'J^bu;j3e- A>.:S.nii(th --Sylll.
lie r-dUy- ' h t ; home> u rrtl I' t h e. ti r s.t. -W ed n^sday/j
Ui; S<?ptymV«?r:: ; ;-.-'. ::" >i .i' : - .' ii 1 - *"' [ :'¦.-••*¦"'¦¦
• Mrs..:iJi)toi Keritjh,the;MIsse3. Clara .arid.
Alice • Ke^gK ,'ariH . Jr.s.-jSh . ;B. : Krs.6g.ti-, ha\>'
;gqrie •toJHlgWariaVSpritigs ;for : MrniHnth'ia;
vac'ationl! :. : .-.'¦ •!• ''.;¦¦¦¦'./. ¦¦¦ ¦¦::"--'./:rl'-'' '•¦:;.¦ >. '¦ . ¦
: ¦¦¦¦ jtlr'sV A-: Martin: and Mrs-;: Hi Ai'BpsmjcH
at San Francisoo: will Vleave ort July : . 5-f,6r
Xeyr. - York ;: sailihg- on ihe 12th : . for:.. Paris
for' a three -months- sojourn. . ¦' ¦ .'".'• ¦': ¦ :' :
Mi?* Elile ' D. li; : Nathiin Of .Redding,
is visit fng- her gtandpari'rite "at.-/ H521 A
Turk 'street. . &te ; will . recselye every:
AVedne-sday during; her:, stay here.. •• '.-:¦: :¦¦ .
¦¦¦;Dh:> : a': ; iu ; - >\ir? ; . .;!).¦:¦ -M-: v : Co»yy: ;have :Te-i- ;
tiirnptj¦\-tvmii-: i Mt\tr : ;.t^'p..;weeks:i;6^aj-: tit
lii£ri'la-'»il ¦ i»i'f:ngs.-: - ; ¦ ¦ : ¦'.¦¦ ¦':¦.:¦:. '.¦¦.-.-'¦'.¦:.. :¦.'¦'¦.
. : iii^s <.rt-Ti:\' : >i« ¦¦>¦'*¦ •••Ilii-ywiird 'of! R.>2o Ariny
stro'i is .vis«!iig^t'.I:ativ!i'd.. : ln ihe-cpuritry,
Mrs. LftVeii -\.\ title and' family ¦¦will' -.re-;
maii; at,the- Ar.cntJs^Ml-Il yitUjey,. -till: S^pK
.'te-mbcr; ".-.:'.! '¦ i-'-.'-iU'-.K. \. '¦'\,-.':.:' : t '/'¦¦:¦ ; ?"-. : -\ "': ..': .'
;. Jkliss Bir*Ji<> ; J«coby:.ari(}:MisHJoey. Isaaucy
arc-! siji^ridiriB ; t he . -feuiijiiier-S iiri. . Los; Gitoa
arid .SUDtiii'ru.z. '-. ! ¦': -r-. jv-O.-^f' ''•:<;.' '¦¦': .V:' :i .'»
Ptrsbheiii.
". Mi^$ Jeahie«tVe .-'; Saiiiide rs ¦¦ $n<i -her; sister,
Mrsi i.-liV-O; ¦ licpkiri^ will;^pehd:; the H\im\
rne^^^a:Va^irei:.p^iJi,h;Luke^CO:urity.:.: : :;/;-y '':':¦
Ainong : thn«c ; golnK" on .;..'.. the Jsteamer
Australia. Tshich sailed ' lor. lToncluru; on.
Vvodno.-day/ Jun^ 27.- weri^V:*^. "''-A. ' IlAtch^
eider. £-V F. lialdfc'jTi and wife. . F. Berry,
Mr?. C. H. Iilshoi). A- A.: Brown, Hev,
C. Ii. Buck and wife, E, M. Camptiell, II.
C Carter, ; S. K. Cattle; : Alisij -Charl-Jtte
Castle, Joseph F.Clyne,VlsidV)rCohn ( Mrs.
C.: A.. Cowan, and : twq : ::c'hl!dren, Ctive
¦payies, Mrs.C.A. : Davis. Miss I*. Davis,
Master R. M. Davis, vMrs: B. F,: Diiling
ham. D. Dorward, Mrs. M; E. Douslas,
A. \\V Dow. T. F-- Dredgre,:: Miss M. Eagan,
If. U. KIk.ington, NV.: J. ivngia.od.: Mrs. J,
AV. Evnns, . A, J. Fayprwc-ailirr.-JIrs. A.
M. Fine, J. S. Grtene, Jl, :E, G.felms-,. Mi>3
A: Havilaivl, FrooerteU llaviinriii, ;A. : W.
lime, JH«, M. li.idiiett^Dr: W.ilpffrnaiu
S-U-'H. iK-ngh au.l wife, L: E. Hunt,. II. V.
Jv.d<i. - J. .I 1 - Kent anti wife, iUss ¦ -palsy
lveji\ •¦MiJ:» Azal- n. C. KeyeM, W. A.-;ICal
•tna'c, ¦¦¦ J«»lm i.aiham, Rev.- il.axhilton' Lei*.
\\ r . M: UnViuulerV iA'; -Lewis,: Mrs; J. R.
Maekensie, l>r:. - Satn'.ue-l McCufdy,: Pr. •; J.
McPonaUi, S,: W: Nicliols, A. Rruis; : wife
aiirt- two .cliiUlr«-ri;: : .AY.: T. Rivw'Uns. Jatnes
Kolpli : Jr. • ana -w£f^, . It -: Rus!3,.- Mrs. • S.
S>avi(!!fO,. L. .•¦j5i-h\vfHzer 1 j'AiV;. A; Setcftelii
(J.- AV: StaUler.- );.'• A. vThurstoh. • -. li; ¦¦¦ P.
Tob'riri<?r. ¦¦' Mrs; Ger.rg.-. de, la;Vergne;.:-lt. :
C: Wiilker, -A. O. Vn iilsh..; fc". : \Vlteynjan.
H. j. White, j; J. Wiriiumsand ftife. Ml^s
\N r iUiums,..-;Cy;:Q/-:Zeigenfua!i;; :I{,:] vFjayer"
)':' ¦%:.'¦' .-; \ '- : - ¦¦:, ¦¦•¦ ''¦¦¦ ¦'¦.¦:¦<¦¦ i:^-: :: ' ':'.:¦'. - : :'
Tht> Concordfn ..Juehf^Iings Vorein has In
vited tl'e' St. Jv.nj;fraiu>ri -.Ve.rei.n for an
¦pmins on July .4, to. be ;held ; M iLoona
Heights.,: ¦.;- -¦: ;: ;;/ ¦Uv '¦;
- :-¦.£¦ a ilctJ Away;;V:-^-;;Jv r: .;.;.v;-;'
n the: future
On Tui'isday : evening. June .26 the Colo
r.lnl Club hold IXk HeinirUfinual .election of
i-iMcors." li was /decitleU at ttie . nieetinfif
that the club g-lve a: social . ami dance on
Friday evening, August 3.. W. i- G. Mc-
M:\ijon, ria.st president : of the ; -cltih,. was
prescntF-<i with a beautiful token of
trie- ruislilp -'by • the olub for. their admira
tion ariilapjireciatipn of his term as presi
dent.: The follow ini? : ofi}cerSAve.rB /elected
for thr ensuing tefni:"' President; ¦ M; Hq
pan; v!<h- prepidcrtt, S. Sells; treasurer,
Mt.-s M. Moiiihaii; '¦¦ . financial : secretary'.
JMips jn»i."' IJenrjlv; recording- soeretftry.
W. G. McMahon. • - "•:. . •;' : v-5>i"-;.k':". : : ::'./. ' :; : ; :.
On this <K-ca.sion ; there.; 'were twelve
membf-r* pro. c om out of a 'total, member-
Hhip cf twenty-four now living; Dr; J. do
H. Bt'tU'iicDurt presided as toastmaster
with his usual gracw and tact.. ¦¦'¦:¦, Every
memlitr responded With a toust and at
miduislit Jill tooU hands and- Joined \'._ In
sinKip.g "Au!d Lt-.ng Syne," :' : :. ¦ . : - .' :
Those present were : . Dr. J. de S..Bet
tencourt. A P. Black. H. W. Bradley, J.:
J. Dwyer. OeorpD. Collins. Thomas F.
Cnrraj>, : R. X. Harding. JnniPS I<\. Peck,
•W. C< Sliarnpteln; R> .11. . Sv;aype, J, N.
Turner :>n<lF: 1: :Va«^ault •¦¦::¦;.
The class of '85 of the Jiastlriers College
of the Law kjept up its reputa-tion for good
fellowship by meeting at a downtown
r«?taurant on Saturday evening last for
its fifteenth annual banquet/ .' r : ¦¦¦¦¦ ; ¦'¦'¦¦.
Coninjer.clnK : with the year of Its grad
uation, this class has* met every year: ' A
feature of each year's entertainment has
been the re;idi»g of hrttcrs^ lroln : thosw
rriombt'rs of" the class who .reside, too far
from Ban Francisco to permit thorn to .bft
PTflt-etu. Jn this, way the class spirit has
iieen foPtftj-«-i1 until ncnv the occasion of
the annual batujuet is looked forward to
with (i Krent doal of Interest by. all mem
bers of the class,-. J -.';•¦ ¦¦ ;'¦.•• .- ..';•..
fimith; C. A. Scroth. MissL Sylveiter. C.
CuLtreli, Miss R. MuHownejr. Mr/ and Mrs.
1i. G. Muller; Mrs.: M: ; Powers and ' guests
too numerous w mentiun. Tbe-affalr was
decided by i (hose present to : be one -ot
theme times that Is fast bringing this club
into lire in the social : world. ¦ :¦•:<¦: •>:'¦'• ¦¦
BLUE LAKES-^The following guests
registered at. Blue Lakes during, the past
week:- Mrs. J.-- Blument.hal. Martha G.
Blumenthal, Sello J: Blumenthal. Alice A.
Blumenthal, Beatrice. S. Sheellne, Haiold
* PARAISO HOT . SPRINGS-^The follow
ing Kuests have registered at Paraiso dur
ing the pa^f. week: Mrs. Josephine Love,
K. W. Brown. "Mrs. L. Schott and child,
Mary Eva- Thomas, :F. E - Dietz. M. Bran
denstein. C. R. Hastings and wife. Grace
C. .Hastings,. H..- Arthur Hastings. Mrs.
Goldsteiri- and son. A. B. Rothschild and
wife, C- C.Summerfield, Marie Summer
field, Frank. Williamson; C. F. Lyons and
wife, Velma" Lyons, San Francisco; Mrs.
George H.Burdick. Alice Burdick, Mary
Helen Burdick. Oakland; S. G. Hart. Max
T. Perry. A- C. Jacobs. Berkeley;. William
R. Sampson; " Springfield. . 111. ; Miss Jose
phine Alexander, Miss Emma \Kerr. Wat
sonvilie. Ernest Romle, F. J. Griffln ami
wife, Salinas: T. J. Field, Monterey; F?L.
Craig Jr.. Sbledad: Anna E. "VVylle.. Nettie
Anderson. Santa Cruz; Mrs. A. R. Hansen;
Sophie J, Hansen, Virginia City, Nrv.; K.
.T. Ring, A. F. Franklin Sr., Medford.
CARLSBAD-Late arrivala at Carlsbad
Mineral Sprinps Include: Frank "Webster,
Thomas Elrick. Samuel Smith. P. T. Hen
nesy. H; H. Adelson. Mr. arid Mrs. L. P.
Tracey, Miss Susie Tracey, Frank Tracey.
Mr. and Mrs. J.. Corry,. San Francisco:
Miss L. Peters, Miss J.: Scott. H. Scott,
Oakland: ; -Harry Spencer, James Howe,
Los Angeles. . : -•;.-:. . ¦ •/ . -.
THE GEYSERS— Arrivals at the Gey
sers during tht week- include-: Mrs. V. E.
Lucas. Mrs?. Henry :Merritleld, Miss Ivy
Mcrrilield, Miss Lois Merrilield; Mrs. E.
W. Briggs; Harry H, Sbmers, Mrs. Har
riet N. Somcrs, Mrs: A. I. Miner. Bea
trice H. Miner, T. T: Hill, Fred Gooss,
George Otgen.Ey.-W'. Morris, Mr.- and Mrs.
Cohen, Mr. and Mrs: George. C. Patterson;
Charley Mayer Jr: and wife. Miss Hilda
Mayer, Dr. L. C. Lane, Herbert L; ' Hawk
ins. Miss E. Hawkins, E. N. Klxford and
wife; Allen P: Hixford. Halsey L. Rixford,
Miss Kitty T. Rixford, /Frank A: BUsh;
Rdbfert Mfltthey, au H. Diehl, Mr. and
iMrsi G. E: Bacon.' Miss Katie E. Fiedler.
Miss Sophie Wertheirher. Miss R; Herta^
Miss " A, -Hertz; .Mr. and Mrs, H.
S..4 Scott;- San Francisco:- Mrs; M.
B/i Nicholson, Miss'. Bellev • V. \ Nicholson;
Mf. and Mrs. J. G. Allen; Dean and Mori
roe AllenV Miss Mary Regan. T. W. Corder
arid wife, A- : B- Corder, "U'alter. Corder^
Tommie. Corder. Miss M. Boasard. Miss
Ada Kenna, W. S. Bacon. Thomas P. Bat
con." Mrs. George -¦• Samuels, Mervyn J:
Samuels, Sadie R.; Samuels.: Boris Lionel
Samuels, Mrs: . ¦ R. Schwartz. . Colman.
Schwartz. Charles M. Rosenberg, wife and
son. Miss E. Frank, Mlss-R. Berg. M.
Berg 1 , Mrs. Charles .Elvjdge. Oakland:
Mrs. James E. Mills, J. B.Lankhet. Miss
Lilian Roden, Miss Malln T. Livingston.
Alameda: Dr. and. Mrs. Frasse. San Jose;
N. A. Eames. Miss A. Chopard. Miss J.
Chopard. New York: Lulu Estes, Santa
¦Rosa: Gertrude- Collins,- - Santa 'Cruz;
Archie L: Strout; Gale S. Strout, Sebdato
ppl. ¦ • ' '.¦.-¦ - : : • ,-
¦SKAGGS- : If.OT . § pR I NOSV^rhe follow
ing piicsts are registered .at; SJcaggs..: Hot
Spi i in^s;;.'SDnoma : Ffrin* ¦ .Sail
Frunci^n-Mr; : and. -Mts.v Geo^e. .Friteh.
Mr; Awsvi?V :l:)r iy ?h^ r - ¦ M 4 ; - *y?€
Mrs, Miltotv.H, . Coak, Lea Copper.. Chn.rJ^s
Dealey.- George De.al<:yii John :Sroufe>,J,,.B.
Knittle/ ind;- wif^.:J>e- XJlawner^; Ed^ -I, : .
"Wheeler and wife.SfJeoree . A- ;t-ase .. and
Wife ¦ Mt«s •Cla.ra.A(T*m>s-. : -S\--. Keller/and,
wife .e; % Koltwy, ,Xf i..es.. ; Jd* Jones.. Jame?;
A. /Barr: antf wlfe,/Mr. anOr Mi^. CharlM
A. Zirik'ind. . Duati6 - BfiMard/v William P.
Lev.-i-j; and wtfp.:; j:.P,v Thorn,: JE. M.^ Mor
ris - Win ; V. fioykf i'. ¦ Mrs. Dr: T. E. : Shu
mate -iitri?. - : W . -Hi' Mlnetr. ; M iss .Kiitherine
illp.er.: ;Mias Fannie:- Miner; .George... H.
:Liii, Miss •: : A.:--A-. . Critdotk. 'A,.- T. Cntbua
and wiffO ..William ..WIebdl(lt..and C;
Martin.' Charles Bone.- Arthur. Leonard, J.
L. -Hjrdejj Dr. C.'.-X,- Thomas. ¦ Leonard
Stonci Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy, : Master
Charles Maiizy. Marjorle Mauzy,; Clar
ence Jay Gyle; Mary Meyer, Clara Meyer.
Mrs S j. Mitchell, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
flchroth. : Mis>s M. Alice Schroth. Miss
Florence G.. Schroth; John F. Schroth.
Mr: and Mrs. H. : H,,Yotin?. Miss Elsie
A'oung, Master Hermann YourtK, "N. J
Tobias nrtd wife. Mi«s Hazel Tobias. Mrs.
\V. L: Crawford, Lee Robert and Willie
Crawford, Mrs. J. pwyer, .Miss Anna
Dwyer, J. A. Abbott. From Belvedere—
M. B- Sparks. Mrs. J. P. Striegel, Mrs.
Nell A; McLain aiid ' daughter. Mr. and
Mrs. F. E. ' Hnrmer and da.ughter. : From
Santa Rcsa-'Mrs.: J. Black- D. P.. Hart
and wife. J; C. Kins?low. From Healda
burK—I^ou Passalacnua. J. R. Miller, Sam
Meyer -'and wife. <• From Berkeley— Mrs.
Alice Pease, yiss Alice Pease, Miss-Mary
Pease; Jpe Reuben. : From Palo. Alto — R.
E. Swain: From Windsor— W. J. Hotch
kiss. From Scales— R. :H. Kingdon, Miss
Alice Klngdpn. From Watsonvllle— Dr.
Nat Green. From AlAmeda— Mrs. F. J.
Fletter and son. Mrs. .James W. Kirk.
From Oakland— William W. Landon and
wife. Miss M. R. Ln.ndon. From Lambert
—Joe Martin. From Vallejo-— J. H. Mup
rlilpe. From. New. York— H. . A. Eames.
Miss A. Chopard. Miss J. Chopard. From
Honolulu— Robert Lewers. .
1 JBYRGN Ilbl* SPRi>^G^-The fbilOwins
jruests arnvfHi lust \v.*;k at -¦Byrun-:.- From
Sati: Francisoor^Phillip : Oppenhtim, :;Mis3
G. t. -Opiithhoimj-MrSkfc.^otDdman;; A;
ii.- r Tfycin'; • John ¦• Ca.riso.n, ..-AVtJitam , , ;H,-
ZwtncH MrsJNJV H:V Bowte^:Jo:hn, liloyd,
M Hefttkenv Mips rlMvek.on, J.ihn Qffer
maW R;;l.'.Wh^!ah;;^n<i;. Avif^.vCharl^S; A,
Bii;in;5.J6hn : . Sli;i;m. . ;E«evne.v'Hpnt • And
:wife, Mrs.' J: Mt ; K'W r V: a ' ;^ bi ? iri^ s - :J^ :^:^ sh;
J. :.K;. efittar:incH..;ChiirleS- E. Preohtv M.
Hiving: Mr*- ¦ **¦ ; Opp^i^eim; ;J>. P. •: Casex.'
Pi -N. -.# ryoh -mA ' Svtf.e-,- ; Ma.bel Tryon, jS- D.
: >\\; itafver.^^Tftibot;
:Lv -SchiTiiHi iMrs.-M;:.He ; ncken- CU\\ r^den.
S:. • : I>: ':¦¦ It«f-enl)i rs r :.:A- : J --- ..-Bowie;.- : -.Mu- X>.
Pchmittv : -.«>£.! -!>t a -i ii ¦¦:: < ivorge': Wi-ls&jv
MeKenha:, John A. EUeTt and wife. W;.; B.
Sfium:vu:an<l .; wtf e,- O. -Bv; Majtin;..Mm : =J ; ..
Ji.-'-Jtmtia- arid ./A-;: : - : <Ji?rrio::- .Irom &uisao,
¦ Jnnics -ii'Miles: frQrh-Psc.rt OostJi.: Jv^Ca*
>e}-.-; : • framl^H^iiiJam.-.^-asJi-^W-.^T^ : BuH. ;
S :-A J.lOfttri ifrom ; .Mader4i— i.\ ;-A>'i :Greefti
P • WZ-^VVard; tfr'om ;MeT«d^Mrs'. .P..;?va
tii^rv:froirj S.taektdn..:T^Ajjdrianr ?rom
JlrcntwVod— "Mrs.-: Goorp-e > Sha.f«r-.:, Harriet
IJovilstetv Miss I>!-]Kan.;Ctjilia: ; ; f rom. ;.A>nt.-.
w^Vp : NV,:'P!:''V Peterson; ¦/ itpta -AKamont;.
f hernias. ,¦ Hoskar; ; jfro:m;;Benkiav^,J;v"S.
Hearn ; :Mrs; ; J::g.^lwrii-; : .f™m:Eureka,
e. a. .Tayler: from : Alvarado.. A; P. IJrjv
deH: '".-ttcsta ; CoHistu • Mrs. :\\V ! ;;S.- ;<3reen::
frsmi VrvttQri ¦:«; • >V.;- t'ftrtwright:- from-
Portlaiva ; 'Qfl. •.W-altc i r.'.P;ir?'>ns;-.f rorn Con
cord : I^rnnK'Rutra;-- from Newark, John
Martin;! from . Sa;iS. Leandrov-Mrs: . Graves;
from Jerome: Ariz,. LVanii F. >-evln;- from
San . JtisK Ed - Haley ;-.-,.Jfjf6m. vBakersflftld^-
Charle.s.Duncnni A, B. Jiosell;.from;Clem
cnt A. 'R :' Williams;" itara : ;:Sarj- I ran-
PeWf- ; Js'elsoii,; J-. Lat
bathy. E.^ -• '• z : \i- ';¦ -.:¦; ': : ;.^, :' v "¦«¦:.• : : V.>
; '> DT'XCAN 'SPRINGS^ the . gtie$.t3 r at
Springs : .••; p'.ayed pr.og.re.ssive
¦hearts : oh /Wednesday: ' .eyening'v .June
27- ¦' Th«? ¦- first . prize yrr»s won by; .air.
Rcdrh:6n(j and th<? JkioW. ??&*¦. ?$ s w Qn by
¦M, : • Wiener, ¦ Late: arrivals ;. n't . Duhtans
Springs were : . Mr^ and ;Mrs. AMenct, M.ts.
O'Dwyer: and fftrnUy. Mr. \atifl Mrsi Carl
Cleye and danghter.- Mr. and.Mrs,F. Col
ley•:arid, daughter,- Ohnrles Coleman,.Mr*.
W I'frofc," Mr. ' ancf' Mrs:.:C.vHermaTi, v-yit,
find JSirs. : Gullxsbn,: :Misfl" Tl 7 - Rosenberg;
Mrs- : Tryonuiiiid. son, . Mr. Klrsch. Mr,
•"'hitndler; Mies Simms, : Miss Mandevllle,
Stftwart ¦ ' Allen; MfS.; Allen;.':- Mis» ,Asnew^
¦Mfj». ••:f^i5Sori.- : Afid::-!?oji^^^IrV/R:^m^hd,
D, ¦MeGuin€?sV M. . MeMahoh^ Dr.^SavaBe;
¦P. S..ehadbQwrjre,::Mr. and Mrsv.: C.vMeus-.
d<»rffer,-^.Ir: PattOTs^jii- >Ir. Lane; lMi.33 :
JosepbV ;: Mr;a.nd Sirs. Simoii.,
Charles:-!^ 'N(iniienntatin,,-M-rt.-.'B6n.e:.anQ
¦family;-; C4 btain' .' J&nes y and4an^ly '*:• ttyQ
Murid.atid tieQMunii.-.V? ::¦¦''• . ;.> - !::Cv .->. :.i ;.-*,:
Teeter Jensen, ,E;-^Vi!son Campbell,; A., M.
;Posrier.vU:ki)fskj';.:J. .W. Gaskill.-Q. ! A.;
Sehohing Jr.; Ri . I>. McOmddy; Q.^ Hi
LaniTOerg. p. .Prurity.tA. Leigh; Dri .1. N:
Cohn, Mrs. Sprenson and daughter, Mrs.
WeJls and daughter, ThothasM.Donoiigh;
Frank JBIliott, Mrs; I>: Harris, Miss Agnesi
GrltUri, Simon' JUda. B,-Ross» W.E.: Floyd,
H.'Jacobson" G- :I1. -Htrst r U. Persin, B. J.
Mclvnany, Miss Hazel. S.H. Katirther; ;H,
E. Owner,: Max Silverberg,; E.: Housdri, C,
M.;Gregory i .:N..I.v.Thome, C.:H. Biernber..
Mrs. ¦¦¦•A,'-l-laTis6 t ri-. •¦ and daughter; ; R. •• AV.
Huj>e, Ai F.f KelUriKer; : G. Ii. Sloari. : J. -B.
Arramblde and wlff. Miss M- Arrariibiae;
Henry .Stern arid ¦•\Tiite. Flora- Stern, Mrs.
F> Marks;; Clarice Marks; Mary E.D<mi^
aldsoii. Mrs. John Ckshen.: Miss
Cashen. :\V- C: Payey, John: Searle, AV. ; Hi:
Kins;.- K. ¦ JutJell. >T>an : Brjicly" ah4 wtfei
Charles. Sltiibn. ; arid; .wife; .'William .11.
Samp?dn;-- \VJ :H. Ed wards; N; : J.'. Nally,
Charts* MitcJi^n,- H.'-O:. Ballariccv J;> M.
J6hn?x>n.: Mrs, : Rh'uJfS": and flati^Iiter, : S.
It. ¦'.. : Frie*T!a.»a< v r,: ', ;Char!'cs' Haniman, ¦ M.
Xldkelsbtirgy Mrs:- -Mi. ¦%.¦ Ftaglfyv :W;lT.;
HUwley;-H: 0. rackjnari, J/ Nunes; E: B,
Ileinemah. R.I1. Spoxswood;' D. J.: Flan,
ifry, H, .^V'. : UU -.U'mUti. Mr. kh<J -L.-
A. Saiilfleia. AVilliani Davis. Pi Claudius.
Alfrc?d - SKaifo, -H. . So.TWood,- B.- .C; : Sar-t
; F;- L! ;; Bemardiv^;': ; M.. -Blow,: -Mrs.:
Jhhn , : Farley. Bitri •Friinffscp;- Mr3. A. J.
McI5Qnald. ; Mrs;.vL.Ve, Park^, Mls^sR.-iA.
liillB,: • M rs, . 1 i pnry RyXltogel. Oakland ; R
;E. Jackr A. B.:. CampbeU. .;.H. P.- Ospood,
W. H. Sn6nfer. tlovrard I'ai'ne,: Dr. Dial,
Sari .Lui» pbisno; J. H, Henry, J, Krauai
San ¦¦.: J6afr; .iKJ . H. Johnsfin. C. 1L Blemeri
SacrftrtientaiiEd O; Hughes, Mr. sund Mrs.
H. CpbUrn .Turner. : J^Js Angeles; G. A.
1'arkinson; A. B- Bigler, Palo Alto: .John
SliPQly.^and wife, JSanta -Clara; : :Mr.. and
Mrs. :. J. B. Macdoujcall-. Seattle;. : Edward
Kitmane- Springfield,- Ohtd; . A. C.r Burn
haTn, OUicaRo; Jv' A. -Mercer;; Nanaimo,
K. C; ; A/ J. Lar?ori, liodi • K^ Rudarf ,: Qot
rtoffa;'•':¦ \Vi :, H.yDUnphyV Millbraie;.: H. T.
Faneof, Sartta: Cru^i- A. M. Piaz, Berke-
If-y; :C. O: Button : ,si»d ; wlf «v Bos-ton; N»
do Gottard, Cayucos:- Q. :. : A." Simlngton,
Chicago r,J.-. HatftHd, Portland^. Or. : ;. •:•?:;;
THE:uS^;^RANCISCO: ;^
. The West End Congregational Church
of this city was the scene of a very pretty
wedding Sunday evening. June 17. when
Miss Josephine Ensipn, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. C. A. Ensign of this city, and
Louis Reynolds, now of San Francisco,
were united In marriage. The groom 1*
the son of Mr. and Mrs. Embree Reynolds
cf Los Angeles and until recently has
been a resident of this place. He lately
accepted the position of chief electrician
of the Spreckels Independent Power and
Light Company of San Francisco and it
is in that city that he and his bride will
reside. Both young people are very pop
ular throughout the State, both having
been students of the State University at
Berkeley and Mr. Reynolds is a gradual.?
of that university. The church, in which
both bride and groom have been earnest
and popular workers, was handsomely
decorated In honor of the wedding. Stacks
of papyrus and . ribbon grass were ar
ranged around the sides of the auditori
um. Ropes of. Ivy reached from pillar to
pillar and from them were suspended
wedding bells of white and green. In
front of the altar, fastened to an invisible
wlrjB, were, heavy ropes of smilax. and be
tween them; just above where the bride
and groom stood during: the ceremony,
-hovered two white doves. Qypsy baskets
. filled with white flowers and green foliage
¦were arranged about the altar and added
much to the pretty effect. Little Miss
Florence Reynolds, dressed In white or
gandie and carrying a basket of pink
roses, preceded the bride Into the church,
.and. as the latter entered, escorted by
Her father; the strains of "Lohengrin's'*
wedding march, played by Mrs. F. A.
Field, was heard. The bridal gown was
of white organdie and the bridal bouquet
was of white jasmine. The bridesmaids
were th? Misses Emma Boor of Santa
Paula and ClartbeHe Ensign, sister of the
bride. Both wore gowns of white organ
die and carried large bouquets of pink
roses, tied with pink 'satin ribbon. The
ushers were Messrs. W. T. Saddler of
Berkeley. W. Boor of Santa Paula. H. A
Dutton and A.. M. '.Brown of Los Angeles"
At. the altar: the. bridal party was met by
the groom and Herbert Barry of San
Francisco, the best man. and the cert
mony was performed by Rev. F. A. FlelJ
pastor of the church. The wedding took
place Just beiore the opening of the
evening service and a large congregation
aside from the Invited guests, was pres
ent. ..After the ceremony the bride aid
groom waited In the vestry to receive
congratulations from their many friends
twid were then driven to the home of the
bride on Dayton Heights, where a recep
tion : for relatives and Intimate friend*
was held. A supper followed and Mr am*
Mrs. Reynolds left on the owl train for
San Francisco. Many telegrams of conl
gratulatlon were received from the East
•A very enjoyable reception was given on
Saturday at the home of Mr. and Mrs
Wl'll^m Garland, on Westlake avenue, in
tonor of their son Grover. who will leave
In a short time for the north to attend a
military academy. Games, including the
old grab-bag, were indulged In. prizes be
ing awarded the successful ones Beautiful
silver spoons were awarded Laliy Colburn
and Herbert Flateau as first prizes, while
the booby prizes were won by Richard
Shlnn and Le Roy Campbell. v Little Willie
Garland and Ruth McConnell recited some
pretty little pieces. After some entertain
ment the guests marched to the banquet
™om to the strains ot Patriotic music.
Miss Minnie Readon assisted Mrs. Garland
Los Angeles.
Axriohg the "¦: recent arrivals from San
Francisco are; Mm H. -H. Kolfe. Master
H. H. ,R<ilfe. ">l!-sa Foliate Hildreth. Mrs.
t>, : AV." Martin. -'.H-, R. Jackson. Miss Ella
Thompson. A; SternbeTger. Mrs. N. If.
Minor. Katherine Miner. Fannie Miner.
Mrs. H.-J. Runyon; Stanley T. Runyon,
Miss May Cesfiy, C.R. Havens, G. W.
Andrews Mrs. G. \V. Andrews, Mr. and
Mrs. H. C. Tilden, Miss Ida Voorman.
Mr. and Mrs. K. C. Uandis. L. E. Fitch
and wife. Frank B. McElroy, H. L. Mld
dleton and wife, Mrs. M. I. Hain. A. Wil
liam Schroder. L*. M. Duncan, E. L. Van
Winkle. J.-.P. H<Mms. Miss H. Mohr. M1S3
Applepaf*. Miss Margaret McCarthy. "Wil
liam C. McCarthy. H. E. J. Xyc. J. M.
Nye Jr.. Mrs. W. A. Schrook. Miss Etta
Schrook. J. F. Hammer. Miss A. L.
Hnrnshv. John Cantlllnn. John Keofrh.
Miss Clara Keoph. Alice Keojjh. J. B.
Keoph. Mrs. C. K. Martinez. Alameda—
E. Delnlnger. Mr. and Mrs. Defnlnper. M.
Deininper. Mrs. J. S. Babson. Santa Bar
bara — Miss N. Cornelia Woods. Oakland—
F» M. Davis, J. J. Allen. Horace H. Miller.
26
They're Eos a 9 c^
SOCIETY
: : ;4 V V : •¦[- ". : .;;-'- : :; :^"x • : '/. : ADVERTISEMENTS.' ' ,.)^ 1| .;l,-- : -'-
) | o^;^. I : I ;.i;v i . I ;.>;>i ; .i.;i, 1 1 jii 1 1 1 ¦r-->>^ri'-i--i"i;i i ii i-i-.i Yri.i ii i \i: lmtm **
[| DRY OOODS COMPANY. j.
.[.? — _^_^ ¦ f
I REDUCTIONS! |
I fEngjishJMohair ;Grepdns,formeHy $2; at . . ; ; . $1.50 |
& 20 pieces 52-inch Cheviot; formerly $ 1 , at . . . . . 75c |
]M \Q pieces 56-inch Storm Cheviot, formerly $1.50, at $1.25 ip
; 5 1240 Remnants; 1 1^ 5 yards; at Greatly Reduced Prices; v
¦ 3; : , —~~" .-•'-.¦;:'-.. '--:'-- :^.-' -73't
¦i* ¦:/.-¦¦ COUNTS ORDERS CAREfULLY AND PROMPTLY PLLEa ;;
I CITY X>B PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, *:
I SR Comw Gearj and Stockton Stoats, San Praaci3c». :-M
$ tirsioiv squarb. ••
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blem'.sbes are remove* k>
13-29. with the electric needle without ra]?^?
gear. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to « n £
What the Worlds Greatest SerptnTine DaScer"
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the Bltln Food ana Tl»su» Builder
BRAHMAN ' '
TOILET CREAM:
•I certainly cxn r«m ra -
mend >• u u r delightful ioEfsFsSf^fefia
Brahman Toilet iTf-am /wSJT^^iS
*» the bes: thing for ita VfawyirtyTjl
purpose I have ev #r V&T T**£?S
used." Prlc«. 23c. Brah- *£& -sCMftjlp I
n«n Tooth Powder. 25c V'VA.^Ci'*'*'
All druirxlsts and « M^VJ^^JS^^
A. W. Traverse. M. D. — -80*882*2,
f 3 Dyspepsia
\ Shov/ing Fruit used in malang^li %. J
>S JOHNSON'S DSGEST6VE |l&S#if
jr. tablets (Papoids) f^tThe following: programme will ' be. re>n ;
dcred ty the band in <3olden Gate Park
to-day, . ' ;. - ; : L '¦ ¦. • ¦
"Stars and ; Stripes" -.-.Sousa
Overture. "Lieht Cavalry".-... .-....•.guppe
Felectlon from the •"HuRUenots" lleyerbeer
"Awakening of the Lion"....; v..l..Kohtskl
"American Buttle Piece-". (de«KMiptJvej...Tobant
Overture. "WHliam Tell" 2 ..-.' iRosi«ln|
National airs of th« civilized nations of the-. |
earth : ;..¦........ -..-Sbijsa
"The Sword of Bunker HIM'.. :...Colvert
"CaraJry Charge" .T .'.:.. .Luederi
March Boor. "California. Queen of Old Co-' ;
lumbla.".. Jennie L. Tharp
Music In the Park.
.Washington:' IocriaECT-Clayton -Troth, ..Ceb
tralla,' JSr D»V!d nurtbn, • Cora.^ :fS;- Isaiah
Wlndbver, ¦¦ Loomls, S10-. ' •. ¦' - - ' ; "' .;•¦
• California: '.•¦Qrij-injil-^ William F-. ' ¦ willace.'
Elmhbfst, JS;.Erwln 'TV.. WllJilflson.iSan Krari-'
clecoj: $5:. 'John : : T. Hicks: 'BlirES.- $fc Resto'r^tion
t-WHliatn; E.:.E»fr.rtt . Indlp. J12. 'Renewal—-
Thomas A. Mflvbnn.- Soldlc-rs 1 ' Hbitie., Lc^'Art-'
geies, JI2.- Iqcreaw-rOr>on. JF*ack, . I^mpoc, . $1 J ;
D.evllhj. W:I1Iouf. JCordh»ff; $12..- Jit kx Iran W^r
widows— Salliei; E;.' Va> Vrakln;: Oakland; -li;
Kate SmltK. • Sian' Francisco,- $S.-. ' : . : ' ' ;•'¦
Increase-rJerom- Fetterly^ AHhouse.
5S-- ' ¦ ¦'¦:¦¦¦¦{'¦¦ ¦¦:¦;¦¦:¦ ¦=:¦ : v/.-.- v ;•• •• :¦.'
, Greec.e has seen this year the .worst, weather.
It ;..U . Ft«ted;. that; has > b«eo- experienced for' the
last forty' year*, with irha'n'Frable- tfmperaxarvji
and'-fteavy.' rai ; ns:;.: ThU . his eTfntly- affocited
¦.currant; •vtnes.;- and- tb.e;dlse'a*e.- known 'as ter
onoi>poro* -has- 'shown. Itself, to as . Considerable
degree. - In: some- sctlons -the- decrease ¦ in> the
crop ; {9 eftlmalted'.ai. 10 per- ceiil. tn ethers only
t5 per-cifjiL •¦ -Olrntntrfarsers.antf th*rch'ahti are
greatly .f.xercls*d .p'.yer the prospecUve deWease;'
•Po^tniastors : . coihmlssirined— CallforhfA:
.Charl-es' C, Tloun(Is; ; U6ckpbrt.:. : Oregon—
Ruthl Hicknoan, Kedland. :¦..-.' : : 
, Theses pensions ..were granted .tp-day: "••;
WASILIN-GTOJCi' June 30..— The : Comp
troller- of. th:e-..Cvirrehcj*. ¦ to-doLy'-author
ized tTie : . Jlflntesano' National. ;Bank'. of
Montesano.-WaiFh.;, to. begin- bpslhess.' with
a capital' of : i25.006.' FI '.L/ Carr is presi
dent-and F. A.. Tart- cashier..'.' '.-.. ':'¦¦
Cpftstil -Dartie "of ] Pairag ! reports to .' the
State Departrnent aa- follows:. . ' : .' • < ¦,.'•
OF ": INTEREST. • TO THE.- (X)AST;
Special Dlspatcih:to The' Call
Came Across Plains With
Parents in the ;
¦';¦ ¦''-¦¦'.'¦ '".Fifties.; •;¦•-•¦¦:' ; v - :.*•:
PASSING AWAY OF !
SACRAMENTO JUDGE
The crowd that packed the streets filled
Bevels of JUaskers.
Oa top of his kinp-ly pate was a brass
crown thirty-thre«* sizes too small, for a
vrry small doll. This Lewis first work
ed cp and down on. his bald head
until the plaster was cracked. He was
funny, this monarch of - shields and
pate-hep, and the mob assembled In the:
Ktrer-t could not help but cheer. HJs bow.
ridiculously measured, the toss of his
brass -studded head and the poise of his
body were in thorough keeping with the
absurdity of bis royal proclamation. Jag
time it was, nothing else. :¦
The new Kirs was to be clothed in
royal power at I thU evening. As Is cus
tomary under th* •¦nditions that always
I.revaii at a cre^t ;--tre«t fair, there Waa
a dolay. From the -j^poJ Oie proccspjun
of maskers march«-d along Main street
to the plaza, where they bowed In respect
and reverence to Queen Genevieve. . al
ready seated on her throne and surround
ed by her court followtr.?. The line ¦ of
march «a? illumina.u?<i by (jreen ami reJ
fire, the former standing for the peach.
tin latter for the cherry, the colors of the
carnival. From the start of; the parad**
to th^ finish crowds lined' the «-tree«s
chrerirp and applauding th* King. hU
fantastic and clownish attmdauts. tlic
proipsque floats. Uhe freak« of the' 1m
pro\-ls»-d circus and the one or tv.o legi
timate sections of the parnde. Xothjnj
cuiie so funny has ever been for n in San
Francisco as this eccentric procession
First came the trumpeter with his her
aldic blowings so much out of tuu*- anrj
not<* that even the peanut vendor'
FQuealed. Forty strangling knights of the
rcaJm of fun and diablerie with pike? that
served to make their progression ?lo».-.
followed the cornet performer. And then
can.e floats of every description: Con
sistent it was from the first letter to
the la Ft. Not a serious idea was rx
prepse-d in any of them. It was bur
ie.^rjue throughout. ¦ ¦ .
Lf-wiy. ;he kin^ pin, was the clown of
the phow. DreFsed in «i purple velvet, a
fr-w thadne-off color, with a Ion;? trailing
cloak supported by pages who ftopp»rl
*-v*-ry second to "settle personal difiVr
fi)ce.«. the king Flipped down from his
royal float and mounted the platform on
which the dignified and majestic queen
was holding ceremonious court. This king
F<-ornr-d dignity. With a wink and a leer,
!>;< chest extended to explosive dimen
f'r'r.p and his h^ad far- In. 'the wake, he
Ftrutt^d to the feet: of her majesty and
thru held secret converse. Of course the
«-rr.wd heard not a syllabel of what he
said. At any rate, the king was forgiven
ar.d he tcK>k his seat alongside the queen,
who exchanged authority by a swapping
of scepters. : • •
The Eoval Procession.
Ivir.g Lewis was not crowned. Like Na
poleon, he placed the insignia of roya.lt y
u?or. his own head. This King of Stock
ton, within the shadow of the asylum, was
tfce mest eccentric monarch that ever
ruled a. carnival-mad kingdom. He ap
peared on the ecene to cbang-e the tenor
of the ceJebratior.. The eertoua gave way
to the burlesque, and after 9 o'clock this
eveubig anybody who took fciniEelf 6eri
outly :n Stockton was adjudged son com
pos. ;.!ad reveirj*. chaotic merriment and
¦II rsar.ner of vociferation is the order
oT celebration to-night. Stockton Is i.
w!id. delirious, seething city this evening.
vhere *11 is free though not ur.llcenfed
la Itfl mode of pleasure taking. - . • ¦'• .
King Pin Lewie delivered himself of a
lor.K proclamation on' Friday, in which be
orc<?r»'3 a:i denizens of the burg to let
locs<r s, mrbtti of whoops and to g~ulp pleas
ure !r. great draughts. Never was a mon
arch's rr.andatcs more close!}" observed.
The streets are crowded with masked
paradert. all b«nt on pleasure and making
ae much noise us is possible. The caniivaj
spirit pr»\a'.is. On every street corner. In
every houy»> entrance. t»;e revelers are
gathered, aid the night rings with their
vocal flemor.s-t rations. When It wi!| end
r.o one knows. Not before dawn at any
rate. and th^r. only because, the spirit of
madcap celebration will be exhausted. . .
STOCKTON. Jud« 20.— As full of dignity
and ceremony as the coronation of Queen
Ger.evieve was, Ju*t as crotesque and ec
cer.trlc wii the *Lppearasce of Kln« Pin
l>wis ar.d his suite . of clowrs. Lest
r.'.ght's celebration was the test of success.
tr.d so far did it eiceed even the extrava
ca_nt expectatJens of the promoters that
Stockton mtO long cherish this night ss
cr.e memorable in its history. ; :' •; '
EpedaJ rr.»pa.tcb t» Tlse Call.
XoyaJ Subjects, in Keeping With the
Imperial Ukase, Laid Ihill Care
Aside and Worshiped the
God of Disorder. -..¦¦'¦; ¦': :
Opening of the Reign of
Lewis, the Merry Mon
arch of the Carnival.
KING OF MIRTH
CROWNS HIMSELF
AT STOCKTON
. The - war, '• should It continue." Is "almost
certain, to • involve • the- Terrtiinal "ana
Southern Pacific in the. •.business. : tQ- the
beaches ea.ch." controls."- as- w<?M as' .!flio.
-Fei'and. Redondo' roads; to- and-. from
Redondo:' The. uniform rate to aJl- of the
beaches "> is. 50 "cents for t.he/ round trip,
arid -.the- new tariff' of .30",.ce.nts to Santa
Monica.' Jus.t" inaugurated.': ¦w6uld,"--:.if. i««
f<N=tred. .hayo- the effect of drawljig all of
the beach .travel to. Santa. Monica . and
away from- all of. the other, resorts, un
less, the hew cut rate. Is met all around,"
•"I can't- say -jwhether or .n'6t.- ¦.we''" > wfll
meet the cut ; of : . the i.titea'm • ; Ii.hes." " said
Mr. Clarke, "or just what we wlU do un
til .after..:!, have' inquired" thoroughly ¦ihfq.
the ma.tter.-"'-.' "• .¦ ¦¦.'''¦¦". .».•"." :•": .'.'•' •-
-.';What; ttieupshot -of the matter.- wiir-^b'e
is* hard to predict... Manager.. E'. P;-.Ciarkft
of'rTnc e-lectric^roAd. -when^informed. of the
cut of ; his competitors- tb-da5 v r'w.as*6omei
shat •astonip!)<?d'.tr»<a.y. the", least/ •" •
• ¦ ,Tbe -new .rate which Will go. into
to-ni.orrow ¦ is ¦! practically I a .- cut -, -from" • SO j
c<jhts to ..'>0cents for : .tfte >rbU'nd«:'trip. 'tfiftT
.fcrmer; figure- being ihe amount:-. oiu th.e!|
present! tariff-^a; prettj -;steep . slash:. Itr'isU
'gon^rajl-y ..conceded in^.rajlrpatJ circles. .The- j
ntw; rates are good for.-. the passpCge ' -of :t
b..earer..or the -purchaser bt 'the? commUta-.-. '•
tjon • ' ti-ciket- ¦Jtn^-.- any ¦ one- accbmpanyihg ' •
hini. •;• That is' to .say, ah 5* party, of ten : . may ¦
g-ej. togret her. any where at. any.: ti.me-ajid /by
cl^jbbinc may ride. to.. Sajita'-'.Monica -and-:
return /'r.om-Xds' Angeles for- 30- cent j for
tfte found trip..--. .The. electric- line, rate oii!e
way 'iz ZH cents. •¦ ;.' " ! :' ...•"••;. ;.". ... : ¦'•; • ¦
• • The Southern. Pacific is very anxious' to'
ps/aV-e its biismess to .Santa -Monica.,- which
RwaJB formerly ; during -the. summer- months
;a ,big factor, in the company's earning?. iri;
and out 'of Loa Ang^le*. ¦ -' .':"• : ; ¦ ; '. • .'•'
. . ¦' The. electrJC/ilne,'. ho-wever, entered 'the
field and sooii had .the largest Vh'ar'e of the
'business.- . -The. ; Southern; : Paclfic: -.people
¦': hoped '-against- toOpe that: tlte i natural 'in 1 
crease of business Would give. : the 6pni-:
;pany jts- share of. the former" fat -picking/
..The traveling :Ru.bHc,".- however,.' -jcontinjied'
to give- the steam road the go-by arftli the
powers '.who. control the :de>tinies pf : the.
Southern • Pacific hereabouts began: to
re-alize-t.hat drststic meatiiures-were ¦nejee's-
: sary If lanythitie was tobe sav.ed.: from; the
..wreck at alt -r 'Alt; .attempts:.' -to unite; : the'.
Various, j conflicting. eleibetitiS- i'-invbryed
proved -.uh'ay'iitting and the! upshot, of nejco- 1
tlations. was the Issuance ;pf;-an. official;
' circular -to-<lay' making, a irate: of $1'.&(> for'
tteh commutation tickets'- between. Los. An--'
gplcs and Santa Mpnicai and! Ocean Park:
| : . XiOS: AN.GELES. ; JunS':30;^-A ra,te.'war • ,ts
-; to ; be • lnaugrurated.- : ;. orii Siinday-' ;by. : th>s'
• Southern Pacl^c and' the Santa .'Fe :Cbm
j bihed; ',aga1n.$t ithe; '.Los' Angeles "anid; Pa*'
I tiffc-.'Eiectrfc ¦ ¦ road^ ./p^eratins-J to ¦ Sant^
I ilonlca, which Is. e.xpeeted;'befpre ; it -has
1 feien .'flnally. Settled- .to ;:involy* r fiv.ery Hne
I Operating our of ¦ t>bs Angeles to the" : -VaJ
j ric/iis beaches;, -w-lt^.the result .'that ' : th^
v- passenger .tariffs how- -in' : ; . effect .may "- bfe
!. smashed into. bits. •,."' : '. • ': .'.-.'.' ! ; .'. •'¦
Offer"- ¦ Commutation .Tickets Between
• ; . 3Joa Angeles; aiiclr : Sant?i..Moni;ca : "h
. '¦¦;. '¦;.'at-'av-Low : ;i'igiire J.ot..%; ;.;¦:..;:'
¦ ;•"-_ -;';•. ; ';'.-; -> ¦'¦;'; :/.!Starter. .'.'¦.'/¦;¦.].¦ '; : v. ;;;;.: [¦'.
Erecial ./DiJhWtcH to The Call
Southern Pacific and. Santa
¦ Fe: Inaugurate a- Rate:. • : :
•-,,.. •/' --War.- ¦;•-: /-".
STEAM ROADS
WILL FIGHT THE
ELECTRIC LINE
The Fourth will be the. climax, and it
will perforce have to be great to reach
that dignity. ';':.¦, ' . ¦' :. ¦•¦'. '" . •": -
At the pavilion the ball was -in order.
Packed was the : floor with.".ma*fkern."wljo
canced :until- th^ sun peeped viri' through
the windows.: All night throngs of snout
rrs clung- -to the streets and made ¦ th*»
dark light- with lanterns, shoutinsrs. and
the music -of brass instruments!-'. To-mof 1
row Stockton win have a comparative
re<?t. Then it will break- open again on
MoTiday in a spectacle of -color— : the rjbbon
pantde; -. ' • ; :"-, ..'.-:¦• •', • ' .... "
I every spare fotvt of spac« on the' pave r :
ments and lawns .about the; plaza. Half
t of it was masked. John. Bill, Tom and
J Dick. Emma. Lizzie and .-Daisy! were out.
in visors, some -with dominos and others
in costumes. -They all knew one: another,
i tcsped handsful of confetti down your
j throat or neck a.nd thought it was a. jokft;'
[ But nobody seemed to care, and only the
i exceptional farmer from far down, the
! valley took offense at it: • "• ' ¦¦¦¦¦
Despite the utter freedom: on the streets
; there was- iio quarreling: or unseemly, vul-
I %\r conduct,- Mere fun. pure ana simple.
: ruled this jrreat night ©f the celebration..
The parade of floats was unique;/ A" poor.
I family that told Its troubles to the oueen,
i Ir.dlans with whoops that . could not be
] heard twenty feet away.- . farmers that.
I eang 'ike quartets of seven years' . prac-;
j lice, bareback riders of ': the dashing
j steeds. Hontamers. . the lions consisting;
of two men and a skin: trained- donkeys,
\ who bowed to the queen and: said "hello":
I to the king, belchlns hares. . hiiman cai-
J liope* with cardboard funnels, snake-eat
( ers who live on corn-beef hash,, all were;
! there and made the evening celebration
' complete in Its iinlque ' character. ¦ ¦ • . ¦' ' :
When the k!n? had become fully a.6
! quainted with the queen and the . .crowd
f on the packed grind stand had showed
, Its appreciation by the stamp of . f bot and
: the clapping of. :ha:nd.e. the: k1n«r- thought
; he had se*»n «nciugh of his -royal' consort,
i n.nd gave the signal for departure to ihe'
| pavilion', where; the fmale: of. the /evening's,
'entertainment was to take place. He pre-
' ceded his reglrval associate . and to th«
> pa\-!M6n she followed;, dellverinjr :Jhe' re-!
i maining vestiges of authority. '.Tliis was
j the dlm&x, and- Oueen -Gehevle-ve . abdl-
I cated to the king of the furimak:e.rs for all
i time. : ':¦¦..¦¦¦ ::'¦[ ¦¦¦¦".'¦¦ ¦'¦''."¦- ¦' ¦ :
- SPOKANE,' ¦¦•June -SO^TWenty-gix- -hun-.
<ired : .e.hthusiast.s saw- the-. Spokane.^.hase-.'
ball team', turn, the- tables' on the Stanford
players to-clay'. .SripJtane .won by'.a.score
of 9 .t : o 7. ¦ .' I:. . ¦. :¦,: ¦•¦. '¦ i- ••¦;•'.••- ."-- : - . •' : ' 1 ': ¦'¦¦-
Spokarie -Win*! prpni '. Sharif ord.
Fr*c:al iv.fraich to The Call.
VISALIA. June SO.— Vi-alia is going
to celebrate the Fourth of July tn
srar.d 5ty!e this year. The town is
full of patriotic people who will jar
the skies with their manifestations
ef Joy on the nation's natal day. July 4
In Visalia wil! have a sp«<?ial significance
th!s year owing to the fact that the Vet
eran Firemen of San Francisco are com
!rr In a. bodv to celebrate. A lone rro-
gramrr.e ef good things Is being arranged-.
In the morning there will, be a grand pa
rade, which will ;!n all priJbabiH.ty.be the
most elaborate display ever witnessed !n
this end of. the San Joaquin Vailey. : ;Tli«
f.rernen of Fresno and other nearbv towT.is
will bring their apparatus. to Visalia an4
some exciting- contests will occurs. A mili
tary baiVd of thiriy-five : . pieces will ire
here from San Francisco. •. Several militia
companies will be In attendance, and for
a time Main street will be transformed
into a soldiers' retreat. - A -number of gor-
geous ar.d'g'lltterlng:- floats are being byllt,
and the Goddess, of Llbjerty-' will ride. in
the rarest; rig that the creative .-genius", of
& fandfiit raind can' create: ¦ •' ¦.'• ;
There will be horse races, bicycle races,
foot races, sack- races, concerts and.cpml^
ca'lSties of; all ?ort3. . At night- a-, grand
bait will be- given at- Arrnory Hall. Chief
Harry Levlnsdn. of -the Ideal Fire Depart
ment and Secretary. :-J. Z. Adams -are the
Uii5!e?t ; men- in town', arranging, the.-.der
tails of the. celebration. v. . •¦•¦ i...-/'.
The general committee consists of the
following gentlemen:' , E. M': Jefferds,-
pcfSlcTent; 'Kriiest ' Durfey,. ' secrftary;
Harry. Iyevinsoh, R. F, Roth. J. :M. Boyn
tdn. "M. J. ' Byrr.?F, ':H, .E./Riley, R.. J.
Bagrby,.-;\:.\\y. Grant' and ¦Mark,.C; .'Wood.
¦ T.h?Vegt ; rit'!crn*':n have lrn-charg:e-the-des
tln-ifV'.O.f the-;-aa>r.-"'gt:ncl. ; 'as they -are -expe-.
wncpd -in -this : line; of- 'eot'ertain'ment thB
Visitors to : .:Vis.a;i'ia' caiJ. "count on"a;.ro.yal
welcome. .a.nd" : -a sjileridid" ¦enlertainrn.ent>
The- sppcialv Quests from- '-'Sari- Francisco
will'. ''l>e ¦ Looked • .af t er :.~n-lth. zealous • care','
andV.hen tl^e-day'ls done they.- .will" think
:VisaIia- is '.the -greatest. place, on . eajrtU In
Ti:hich to have a good, time.- -.;...'•••;>..¦.. '
Men Who Will Participate in the Celebration at Visalia,
Elaborate ¦J^d^&j^^
Street Parade ia^fe
. W.i tli; Fir e^qrks at N ighi). ¦ ;;. ;| :j | ;!
VISALIA WILL ENTERTAIN
VETERAN FIREMAN ON THE FOURTH
THE SA2* JfltAJNlJiSCO OAXrli;- SIJXDAY, ) JTILY 1, 1900.
tf=Z UPERIOR < JUDGE . MAT F.
JOHNSON of .Sacramento'. -J who
<^_jy) came to this city a few aays.affo
\n the hope of i benefiting; . His .' fall :
ing health, died in his apartments at the
L«nox'.~.G2S Sutter street, yesterday 'at 4
p. m. lie. came to San Francls&o to.es
<\xpe the heat at Sacramento, arid. : was
able to be up and about since his arrival.
Yesterday he reined brighter v And spent
the time chatting with his wife and
daughter About 3 o'clock he appeared to
prow drowsy, and lay bacic on the lounge
t 1th his eyes closed. Thus lying he passed
away- the peaceful epdins of a.eood.miiri-
Jydge Johnspn wis born In Arkansas,
December 31. TS44. He. was eight years 6 1
age when his parents crossed the. plains
and settled In' SacrameatO: His. 'school-^
days •were spent there. ' and" he entered
the law office of James W.CofTroth
when he reached the age of 21. -He v/as
admitted to practice in 1SS7. and opened
ofllecs in Sacramento. He practiced his
profession. until appointed, to succeed .Su
perior Judge? W. C. Van .Fleet!. '.. H<jt
served the unexpired termand was electf
ed to piicced himself.- • ¦ ¦ ¦'• -:•. - !
The: deoeaped jurist leaves a- wife ' and
two daughters, Pauline and pjra.;-an<J
four brothers, residents of Sacramento. j
JUDGE. M. F. JOHN/SON
27
; V SUTRO BAT»S
..' ¦•¦•¦...' ' I' OPEN NIGHTS. ; -- v ' '
; : Open DaHy- From: 7 ' a.- m; to 11 p. m'.' '
.." "¦ - : • Bathing from 7 a. m.- td 10 p.m. !' " " ¦
•¦'' - : ADMISSION- 10c. :CHIIiDREN : 5c;
Bathias.' Including Admlsslca. 25c. Children 2Cc.
FTSDHFR*^ concert: house.
l*fi TVeAk' of th^> : LAMBARDJ OPEHA QUAR-
TET AXD SI(J. ABHA.MOKF In Scenes From
'THB-.HUGU'ffiNOTSi" : . MABKL MARTIN'.
. : Soprfno; and Jsabelle Under-wood, ' ¦ . : ; : ¦
'•' -Refefved i&eats. 25e.. -Matjnee .Sunday.' . '
Order. Seats- by' Phonei' Park- .23,
.SPECIAL! 4th OF JULY.
GRAMO FIREWMKS DISPLAY
ONi THE CHUTES LAKE
THIS AFTERNOON.
BLADDER CONTEST Mm LAKE
The; Celebrated ;Wifep":Faini]y.
EVERT AFTEnKOON.;AJfDVk.VEXIXa.
mfflmmMmm
CALIFORNIA NOBTfl WESTERN RT. Ca
• -;•!• •¦ - ¦
SAN FRAHCrSCb AND NORTH PACIFIC
;-.'.. ' ' . RAILWAY COMPANY.
.TIbaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL! v
WEEK MATS— 7 :S«. 9^C. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
• S:*V ? :1 °- ' 6:3 ° • P- «=. Tbursdays— Extra . trip
¦»tn:M:D. m. .' Satttrdays-^Eitra trips at 1:M
• and ll:S0 o.-m.- ¦•¦.¦•:•. '¦
BUNDAVS-S:00. »;K». 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, 1:30.
' 6:00. C:*0 o. m. • :. •.•-'¦ ¦ .
. • SAM- RAFAEL TO SAN . FTtAJTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *:10. 7:50, »J0, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
" 1:40. 6:15 p.-m. Suturdays— Extra trips at
1:16 and"<:3». o.. m. .. "
EXJNDAT3— «:10. »:40. U:10 a, m.: 1:43. 1:43.
.- 5rO6. 6:23 p. m. ". : . - . . ¦ "
¦ . Between ¦ San Francisco antf Schuetxen Pars:
aaxnc »x;l)eJa!e a» abovs. .
• Le*r» | In Effect. I Arrive
eah Frar.cl«C4>. [Apr. 15. 1900.! Ban Francisco.
Week I Sun- I . I Sun- 1 VTeek
Days. I days, f Destination.} days, f Days.
7-30 ami S:OQ »m Norato. 19:43 aa| 1:43 am
1:33 pm s:30 am Petalum*. «:06 pm!l0:K am
(:19 pm 6:00 pm Santa' Rosa. ":Sj>ni! t:Hpm
• . •¦ •'-.." Fulton,
T^O am . Windsor. 10:23 am
¦ • Healdsbitrc.
• . . Lytlon.
aeyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm <:20 pm
7:23 ami 1 Ropland ! . |10:K am
S:30 pm| «:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pmj t-V> pm
7:30 am ¦ ' •' ¦ !10:S am
8:00 ara Guem«Tllle. 7:C3 ptnj
1:80 pm ¦'.•-- I «::0pn»
7:30 ami S:0« am Sonoma J »:15 am S:4» am
1 - ' and • ,1 -
8:10 pmt 8:00 pin Olen Ellen.. | i:Crpm t:tt pm
7:J0 aa] 8:00 ami ' 118:40 am! 10:13 am
1:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | ?:>S pm! <:?0 pm
SUikso connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wwt
Springs and WTaits Sulphur. Spriaes: at Fulton
for Altruria: st Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyserTllle for Skagg* Sprier*: at Cloverdale
for -the Geysers: at Hopland . for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprtnrs. Kelaeyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lttkepart and Partlett
Springs; at Cklah for Vichy 8prlnrs. -Saratoga
Springs, Blue L "tea. Laurel Dell Lake. Witttr
Sirinss, Upper - l.ake, . Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, -Riverside, L!erley*s, Bucknell's.
Sanhef tn Helrhts. HuIItITIs. Orr"s Hot
.Eprtnrs. Mendoctno City. Fort Brace. "West-
port. Usal, WIllUs. Laytonvllle. Caaamlrs.
BeU"9 Sprint*. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scctla
and Eureka.
' Saturday to- Monday round trto tickets, at
reduced rates.
On Sunday irmnd ' trip tickets to all points
berond San Rafael at fcnlf rataa.
' ticket off. cm. (SO Uarktt tt.. Chronicle tide
H. a tv-HITING. R. X. KTAN.
Creceral Manaier, ¦ .(ton. Pass. A««nt,
CHEAP
EXCURSION RATES
TO THE EAST.
On July 12 and 20. and Aotust 4th. tickets
from Denver. Colorado Springs, Pueblo to Cchl-
caso. St. Louis and laterm«llate points, and r«-
tum, will be sold by the
GREAT
ROCK ISLAND
ROUTE
At Rata of
One Regular Fare Plus $2.00 for Round Trip.
Rctsra Liait October 31. 1900.
SPECIAL TRAINS.
ONE NIGHT OUT TO CHICAGO. Tickets also
rood on regular trams.
ONLY DIRr-.kTT LI>E FROM COLORADO
«»PR1>CS.A.XD MAMTOU.
T&ke advantago cf tbes« cheap rates and
• ;er.(2 your vacation In your oM homes. S!e«p-
lr.j: Car Reservations may b« made now for any
of tb* excursions. Write for full Information.
CIJNTON JONES. G. A.. San Francisco. Cal.
E. W. THOMPSON.. A. G. P. A.. Topeka. Kaa.
JOHN SEBASTIAX. G. P. A.. Chicago.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry,
pommeneina; April O. 1300L
FKOM SA>I .FRAXC1SCX> TO MILL. TALLEt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. •»;». »:». 11:00 a. a.|
12:45. *l:45. S:li. 4:15. *S:15. «:li. i.u p. m .
EXTRA TlUP»-For Mill Valley aod Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Weda«sdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at >:0O and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •»:<». •»:•«, «10:00. 11:00. 11:»
a. m.; 12:«. n:S0. »:M. »3:43, 5:00. «:00. J:£>
p. m. * - ' •
ll:C0 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael 3ua-
tfays.
Trains marked f*> ran t» San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-4:Ji M:». 7:M. *:M. 'XD^ a.
in.: «:». 1:13. !:13. •$:». 4:39. 5:J0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. V.>drn>»<J»y»
and Saturdays at *<:4S and 10:29 jx tn
SCNUAT8— «:1S. •8:00. «»:50. 11:Wt. n»-: 1J:0»
m.; 1:». 2:13. »3:». 4:tt. '5:45. «:4i. I:». 10::j
p. m. . .
Trains marked (•) start from Saa Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 5:51 «:45. 8:CO. (:SS. 1D:AJ a.
to.: 12:K, 1:45. !:4S. J:JO. 4:10. 5:3) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. .
SUNDATS-«:S5. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: iSili.
l:tO. 1^0. «:4S. *:Z\ S:lf>. T:OT.. 10:30 p. m.
THROCOII TRAIXa
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
- 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way at*.
tlons. ' .
. (:1S p. tn. w»«kdays (Satnrday* cze«pted>—
Point Reyes a 3d way stations. -
8:00 a. m. Sandaya— Cazadero and way tt»-
ttona.
12:45 p. m. Sunday*— Point Rtyes aad wnf
•tatlQcau.
ADMISSION 25c. .I^TliES.: FREEv
¦TRAIN':-. SERVIiCi:
Le^vfs. Third ¦•^d'Td^sejQd. .steee'tg
m.. ;Tjnrenty-ia.f tii - and '.V aiejricia ; struts
five' • .minutes 'lAter.': y at
.4:4.5."p. .m; an4"'^.ft£r'. : last bourse. Sfiii
Mateo eiectrie cars ey;ity sli. iiiiiiutes.
CTRACKAJACKS EN COMPILTTIXON.
Music by : Von- der • Iff ebdeEt's. Band.
ONE • HTODBEB: AND; -T^OirKNTY-
-/• -'-/EIGHT. :NpMINATIONiS.. : -\ : .'..-:V
:ppj :
TO-DAY, SUNDAY? JULY 1ST,
AJTUSEMKNTTS.
UNION COURSING PARK,
Ticket Office at 628 Market St.
Take the first train on the new
line leaving San Francisco at
9 A. M. SUNDAY, -July I.
JULY I and 2.
Tickets good for sixty days and
sold on
AND RETURN, Tia the
Santa Fe Route
CHARLESTON, S.C.,
- -The 're.rne^y : has a' pecjunarly "Eratpful
effect 'of warmth.. andf. &e«ras to act direct
to -the: depltQd Aocatiop. • giving ptrensth
ahdd«iye.lopment Just where It Is needed.
,It- cures -all the Jlls-:aho « troubles that
come from years' o-f; misuse -.ttt the- nat-
.ural- fiincttons:-- and. has. been an .'absolute
FUGce&s in all. cases. A; request to tho
State ; Mefilcal tnstttut*. ?2§ Elektron
buildine. Fort Wayne.. Ind.. stating t-hat
you .desire, one of their ; free trial pack-
ajj<!s witl. fif corripiiod'tvitii prornptly-. The
Institute Is desirous of: ;r>achlxiR: that
great , : class . of. men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and: the free
Sample iwlH enable' them :-'to s»»e how easy
it. If to be cured: of sexual- weakness- when
the ; : prbpe.r : ' retnedles are '-employed.- The
InstitiJtjs makps ho restrictions.- Ahy ; man
who wTflte? will be Sent- a free sample,
carefully • sealed ; tn a£--p?aln' , pack»ce. •. so
thnt' its re-ciptent ne?.d have • no.'. fear i of
embarrassment or :.publfcity. Rejaders are
requested-' to write without delay. ¦:.')'¦¦
' Free trial packages, of. a" most fetnark-
able femedy arebelflg mailed to air.whd
will write the Statie ..Medical -Ir.stitute.
They cured.. so Mnany- ;mert' who- ba(l .biit-'
tied £6r years'. against '.the mental /und
physical Suffering :. ot lost ipanhood'. tfaat
the 4nigtltUt«-..has ¦d©cl:de.d;:. tdi. dlstrib.ut*
free, trial packajees t(>-. all; who. writeL.' .JLt
Is,. a" hbme' tre'aimen};.--ahd. all. men,.wli<>
Buffer 'm-Hh'. .any;, tttrm.ot .sexual- .weakftesa
resultihe: -Ironr* youth; ful"£ollyV premature
loss of; strength. CJidnjernory-.-^weak. back.
vartcoc«Je.6r emaciation ol. parts £a.n: how
cure tljeniseli'es: at home; ' . • :;•' -.'••! •
to All Whoi Write;
A Free Trlal.Package Sent by; Mali
Qu ie k ly Restores Lost Vigor
':¦"¦'. . •h : to : 8Ieii..:.5 -•¦¦.¦":\-0'
A Most Remarkable , -Remedy, That
SENT FREE TO MEN I
ADVEBTISEMEICrTS;
¦;CRQWDED: HOUSES NIGHTLY I :
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE WE WILL
.¦•.•;¦¦¦¦ . ".:•• ciKTiiiuE ¦'¦ /.;."
."the enormql's: comic opera, success.
: ;i R E AI3 WHAT THaT PRESS SAYS : I
.''call". \ ¦ ¦¦'¦¦- ¦ ••'.. : . ¦ ". ¦ ¦ •
.''.: ¦ ' : Vl T.he Wlcomr accorded 'The Geisha-; jas
ajtogetherexcertional. CUrtatn^aXter.cur-
• ' : tain .caU- left the. au<ilene« unsatisfied. .7 ;¦;
"CHRONICLE" .: • ¦ '. :
' "CaHa 'and Recalls. . Enthusiasm- . -of the
¦ - roost excited kind. The Gelsiia^ has started
• • • ori another. run." ' . • : : ' :¦"'..'¦ ¦ • \ ¦•
"EXAMINER'': ¦'' •¦':¦ ".¦ .•"¦'- *¦ '¦'-¦¦
'•' .'., '• 'the G.;lsha* is on for a season tff pros--
. .... • perl ty. 1 / ' .." : -.' •" : . ; ; .;¦• ' '.. ••.-.' . -\ : '-'
"POST" ¦'¦:.' :¦¦.'. ;•-:: ' : ¦-¦¦-•'; ;f''-. ¦ ¦' V .-
•'•, ."Never played, better.. Greater than The
"•'¦; Idol's. VEyev* '" .; ';' '. • .. : ., ; • ' ¦ " - :
;"Bi/iiETr!»" ¦-¦¦¦-•¦ -':¦¦ ., ' ¦ . -.- .
'•'" ''Tfi* auaience: bomnarded the company
' : ' : •with. flowers a s' a' tribute to the excellence Qf
¦.-';¦ the perfomiaince.^.v :'.'' .•' . >'. ¦¦" • -.-• . •'.'
/Eisii'nis at 6 J Matinge Saturday at 2. ! ;•
prices.... A". a P a v^ 'i/ciiip
: : '^,;. ..TELkPHONE, BUSH 9. :'^ .': / ':..
ij p E^ yilE:V'$ SPEqUL MATIWEE ;
Mtl aldi ¦•:-'¦.:. .•-¦¦: .v.|
..• ?^cftsi^ •;;;; ' -: HorT ' s ¦ ¦. :
MATTHEWS A; .. • ''. MT^ ST '.- .
"Walter Jones, :. • ¦ ' ' ;.,:. FARCE. .-,
Phil H. Ryl'er... .!" ' • ' •
Tony Hart. ' •.•'¦•¦ . . . . . • . •
C.iljerbert,'. -. . ' ' . a TVA \7 ' -
; Wfscth.an;s Serenaders. : : ¦¦ ' £^ \J£%X
Mary ' -ilsrble. ' "¦ . • .... •. ' ' a/vo
Nofma: %\"halley, ".' • • V- . .' " **." •• • ' V. ¦-
Louise' Guahlng, - - . '• << T /> vrrrt-v
BPS ? !e TannehtH. : ' \ A : M Tfr mT f
Adlyn'^Este'e, ¦ '.':'.'. ' -,' ,~ r ¦ ,".
¦EtKrt Ktrwan, - --..,:. > p^ Speclaltfes!
Marlon Gynnine. NEW Scenery. .. , ••
The .8 Mascots.-.,' • New. costumes! :-. -.
tSeXDOUS; ¦-.. • . : : . ' FIRST. TIME IN
HIT:' ¦ ¦ '. .. : -SAX FRANCISCO.—
; ;¦: :.,.'¦ PHONE MAIN 8?2. , ; . ; . - : . i{
WA LTER MORQSCO, v . . ....;.:. : : . ."; .^ Manager
GOMMEKCING lSl)BflOW EVENING, " :
.'¦¦'-¦ In Israel ZansrwiU> Great Play.-
JGfilLDREHfiTHE GHETTO
E^TnA'.MATIX.TSE WEDNESDAY. Jciy 4.
• •¦REGl'Ul* MATINEE. SATURI>AY,. .
'¦*¦':¦ Crdneh Ticket Office . Efinjorlum: '¦...'
' \PRicES^Orch?strai .?5c; no hither: Dress
Circle aOej Fjkmilv -Circle; 25c: "Gallery, 15c;
' Doi.; Seat*,- 7£c. -Jl-W and'.il.jM.-. • . •- .- '; '•...
TO^NIGHT^ L AST_TIME «'S APH0. ' \
M-liipmm (MONDAyy night
¦•¦¦ ¦ -• VaJA.TlXtE-JVFDSES^AT.' JULY ¦*: .
ROBERTS,
'¦ .:• '• 'Bap^orted \ by WHITE. WHITTLESEY.
: •'- Costly Scenic ' and C.oatutne Production. :
':-, ¦ REGULAR; MATINEE SATTTRDAY.
;... • • BEIA.TS siie dats in advance.
ol ViMJPiA e E o D^^fi6;
THE ONLY FREE. VArDE^^LLE SHOW IX
'"• THE CITY.' v; 5 -^
' :...¦•." -. \ i.Last Week, of
. ".: GEOKGIi TRUMP,
' '; ' The World Famous :liand Balancer.
'SIGN OR A. AUGUSTA SALVIN1,
•' ' ¦•' The Illustrious Operatle Soprano.
SIGNQR AJSTO/ilO VARGAS,
', ¦ .: '."'.The Great 'Italian Barj'tone.- r
?ANt> OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
, : MATINEE E\*ERY SUNDAY.
i '"•'¦ ADMISSION FREE.
?M0UNT • TAM ALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
', ¦ LeaveEan Francisco via Saosallto -Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 930 a. m.. 1:43 and 8:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS S.- 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:33 p. m.
-Fare San' Francisco to Summit and return.' SI «.
'N£\V;TAVEKN OF TAMALPA1S NOW OPEN. •
[beginning ]Ulf^J\ir*% /I Y
SECOND "VVEEK OP THE SEASON.
:MAI!M$ WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
'¦'-.' CHARLES FROHMAX Presents
HENRY
-AND A \
1— CO/V-lF»/a.IVV.
FIRST TIME HERE OF
i : ¦¦¦¦¦'. THE LYCEUM THEATER SUCCESS.
• —THE
TREE OF
KNOWLEDGE!
j . By R. C. Carton. Author of
j "Llbeny Hall." "Lord and Lady Alffy."
I- '¦:-'/'. :-? Th|E GREflT CfiST
To Appear In the Play 'Will Include
: . -. BSNRY MILLER
I.E. J. MORGAN,: . rRlNK W0RTHI58.
. ! CHAS. WALC0T. E. Y. BAC2C3,
[JOHN FISDLAY. *, CHA8. CHSI3TIE.
MARGARET AfOLIS. SADIE MABTI50T.
MRS. 7H03. WHir?EH. LILLIAN THUHQATE.
.;. A MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
July &-^"A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE."
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
TWO~- ri\?;^g -—TRAINS
tniekerbocker
Noonday -
jp&UCil Train From
S NEW YORK.
BOSTON. j
BUFFALO
CINCINNATI.
Via Brfj Foup Route and
New Yqpk Central Railway.
. NO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
»O FERRY AT NEW YORK.
"'.. STOf AT. NIAGARA FALLS.
bpCClfll From '
.CINCINNATI.
V WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO < BALTIMORE.
/ PHILADELPHIA.
"NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
. Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTONC. CRANE.
: ' Pacific Coast Agent. V.
RAILKOAD TBAVEL.
wmvtmmum rAcirto wmpii*
«F«cinc srrrt*.)
Tr«ln. !#••*• mm.i *r* tnm I* •rrl»« M
i4.% ritANt:i*«'«>.
t'Ma.n Lira. Fooi or ilarkel 3t;««l.)
wat* — Fkom Mat 131 1X0. — a«*m
•7i««a Benid». Snfinn. Elmira. V»e»ffU«.
K:-.au"j iuJ M««u.«:t» *7»4»S'
•1iO»» Sbuta Kismo-DiTU WvUmus (for
i Bartiett Sji'.c^j). WUIaws. Hod
Klufl. Portland. *7»83»
•7 >3» » M t r t: . . m. Ham lUnma. Valleja N»? v
C»;:«i..g»»ud.-3»««» Ko»» *«it»»
•8:««a D»«;». Woodland. Knishta Lsadtaf.
: MutiiCii. oroti!l9 •T««3»
. -BiO©* AUaatle Kxpreis-OrJsti aod Eart *B8:4a«
I •>i2*u 3»n Jois, Uf«riaor>?. Mtncktua.
. lon«. i«ana:ni>B(A. FiserrtUle.
i M»rj»'UW. Chteo. U«J I'.lulT »4il»»
! 1«iX»4 Oak.Uio. ChineM (for TossmiUX
ft-jMOrm. CvMt. *«tl»»
J ••»:•«>» n.f.mr It. Ni»<« »ad W«# 3l»Uom. •! I :••¦»»
•!>:oo* Lea Acr^ies Expre» — M«rtin«*,
i lT»ey. J.*U>roy. siocKton. Marwd
«..<JKr«wi.o •«i48»
[ ?«:»«» V »:!-.;. M^r'-tnoz «ml W»» .Station* ••!«•¦»»¦
•IU:u». Tfaa 6rerU,Ml Limited— Ogdeo. Dm-
•rr, n,,,u Caieaco «a«iaF
•lli«O* Nll-«, ! lv-rni'.r-., Stociton. Saera-
m-w Miwti-Ta. lluiford, VUalla,
r«r.«tiu« : Musr
•I'liOOa HftfwcrJs. N!les«M<l W»j Ht*tlou>. ••Ji4.1r
tl:»«r ¦"..-rt...,.in,. l.'llfl 8-a.m.l» 13 <»••«
| >3iO*r M«yw».-1». Ntles «.n»l W»f SLaUona. •»!*•¦»»
•*»<ir M»tti, ., San lUrunu. V.l.Vjo.
N*i«^ iMTsl— Hi tteta U(-ta •¦»*•»•
i •4>O«r rt'.,.oi». VFtaters. »scra»«q«o.
*c.,^li»...l. Ki.!.ht» 1 .iKllOi.
M.rj«»i.l<. Umllll •!«:*»*
•«:H"r M, .... n»n . I- »»i.-l S(n.-lton •7il»»
••j:oofTli> Owl i.!iil>J -li.-y. rresno.
IU«-r»Je:-:. ->»;:£"< far Ssnta Bar-
bara. 1m» Ancslea *»:I3*
•JiBOr Freano PMseorer— Mtrtlws, L*th.
mpi dtuoktua. Mcrrwl. Bereada
(fUTSioad (or Vnrailt*). ViMiia.Mttltf
•8i»«r Jfrw Jrletnt Eipress— lia»er»H»ltU
aauta n>rbara. i.t-s A'gfies. l>era-
lai. Kl P«M>. Ne--» Orieaut aad
Riut •¦•«»»
•SiUr Ainu W» Uonte— AllanU* KiDTMS
(of M..j..» «ii.I Kul •Ol«!»»
••i«ar H»«w»rJ«, Nile. »o<» rj»n Joai *7.|-»»
fS:W»r VAlleJo... *iail«p
•«i:O'.r (;r't»i»: >r*il-O|.!eo. Cbtjena*.
Omaha. Chicaso «Hi4«»
, •»:O«pO' ; e- I,'. Miui— Ocdao. t>en»er.
Omaua. Cfcietau. *«il*r
I t?i*Or V.lirji.. rcrt > o«i» and Way Sta-
tion! ttiMr
••t«3rOregi>M aad CsHfoniU Rirr«as.M«a.
-T nitr. vi.r»..i:.. Ko.Mf«f.
r»rtl«n.l. fm»> s-.mh-I »¦¦•! Hurt *««l»>
COaXTI I>ITI^I«»1 (>»rroit Uma(e).
(Foot tt Unrfcei S"trec>.>
(tl4Sa ."ant* lYui Ejsnrtlon for -«nU
Cruc aod IViudpal Way Stations S*'**»
•Sil-1» N*«ark.U-nW'r>lllc.8»aJ«M.Krlton.
ll<Hililer(.'lrak,H*iit> Onu ud W>f
Mtatinn. ••:»»»
tSil-tp >'««atk Coiterfll.'r 8an Joss, N«»
AiaiaiUo. BVitos, HunlJer Creek,
MauU Crai aod Vrlaeipai Wai
8u.tlo«». f""' 1^*
Mil-If Newark. Kin Jim. Wm Omloa •"¦^•»
«<:ISr Clenwood. Fe'.ton. Santa Cms.. rtiW^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fr«»3»J mit;v.J-liil »' i»f«.i J;rnl ( S:i» ») —
•7IS BOO MOOi.u. tl:03 •J:33 !3'W
•t:C5 t5:53 *853r.-.
tl»m O«1L»13 -rjtt .¦3ri.j».t._ -fl.00 S 00 10:00*. a.
tiaea *i:33 tie: ; 3::a tiaa m i:t>.».
COiXT BITtXIOl , i:ro».i 4;»« t «).
(Thlr.t »nd To»»ii*etid 3t».)
t«ll»A Ooomi View, So.it h Hsu Fraodxcn.. ••¦¦••
t7iOI»» Hail Jote »..l W ay M»H..|,. (Na«
Alinaiteu Wr.lt. e<.Unoi.]j| *llMt
f?i8)*A Saoday Eioursion fir "« Josa,
SajU* Crux. Paeifle Gro*a aad
Trtnctpa.) Way Stations l**S9s>
•»!•• 4 M» .)«¦«. Tiea Itnoa. Hanta Cms.
Pacific iltnu. r»io Itnhles. Han
l.nlj (»>i*yf>. guff. Loapoe ami
Principal War Rtatitxia *4il«v
•l»i«a>* Saa Jose ami Way .Stations •»:*•>%
•I I >3... a.nJoaa.IxtaOatoa'ixIWai^tatiana 'JiJOr
tat43r San Mat**. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Oara. 4ai> Jam.
Tro Piao*. Santa Crux. Ssllaaa.
Monterey a»rt I'aeifie Gro*« f|A:3A,
taiasjp Haa Joaa ami Way St*tlon« ........ **i!tnp
HllSr San JoM%»<t rrincip*; Way Statkma *O: «5»
tSswarSaa Jobs. Los Oatoa and Friadjal
VT»y Stations t9:«M»»
*3>30r Saa Jom tod Principal Wat ¦fttllont l"433a
*Ct:t»p >an Jon and WayStatloos ?«!««»
»ll;45r 3»nJMtimlW» StaUima «::3»r
? for Morning P foe A fWi uoon
"Dally. t Monday exeepUd. J Snoday only.
b Saturday only.
• 8t till ill i and Sunday, c Soodar aad sf^^jfay,
"^^^ OMAHA
'/¦ ¦ -' '¦¦:>.': '.'. '.". | : -.- , i * WA: ' • WEEK GOMMEJCCIXO SUKDAT MATINEE. July 1st.
SAN FRANCISCO NEVER SAW A BETTER. BILI^! . . *
GL;4Y^0N WHITE and
¦ :•. ...assisted bv... ; ; .. ¦
miSB EV| RANDOLPH.
PreWentlni Ge<>. H. Enierick's. Society. Playletl . "THE WALDORF-METROPOLE EPISODE."
t OtJAKER CiT^.'O.UARTETTE
•• ..In an orlKlnai musical comedy* "FUX IN A BARBER SHOP."
¦'¦¦•' ¦ •¦' ¦ : Second ' Week of- the Bliegrest Hit of the Season
llffliSi 4 - ; Mohan s ~
¦•¦ Pre'sen-tlne .George : M.' Cohan's Famous Farce Comedy. "RtrNNING FOR OFFICE."
¦;•;-. I .; TOPD-JUDGE FAMILY OF ACROBATS
• ¦ Introducing Master Hercules Judge, the little athlete who cut-Sando-wp Psndotr.
61LEE4T and 6DLD«E j GARRiNBTON. HO' LAND ani G/LPiN I MUSICAL DALE
Up-torthe-tinies opwe^^.tns' . • Operatic and Comedy Trio. ¦ King of Campanologists.
i .:.;. I- - ... -.AMERICAN: BIOaRAPH
. : • ¦: ¦•; ' ''' ¦_•-.' • 'ShWiag. for t!«'F;r:t Tina in America,
:; BATTLt OF THE UPPER TUGEIA"
MATIXEK TO-T3AT. Sunday. July l*t. Par<}uet. 23 cents, any seat: balcony. 13 cents;
cftlid-pn 10 cents ar.v parti. A few front ortiheMra rows reserved. 50 cents: front totvs of
balcony.' reserved, "i cents. SPECIAL INDEPENDENCE DAY MATINEE V.'ed.. July 4.TtlJfj : \SAJN Jfif^VjS UJLSUU UA.LiJj| SUJNIJAX^; JTJI/5T 1, X9OO.
28
*A*S PltAKCl»<~T> CALL,
RtTStKCWJ OFnCK cf The Pan Francliico
CrII .11:. ...f Market as4 Third strertu, «>pcn
.itnii « --.K.k rv.-r>- fiitiii In Hie year.
rjTtANCJl Or*tCJSa tSI Momeotnery etr«M-t.
enrner Clay; "i»n un»n » "o p. '«•
I it.n.i. .tn-rt; ovr) until »:S0 n. m.
C9 MMii^rr Mr.n; » :< n utitll liO p. m.
at Larida street; open until *:3f> p. tn.
i;.<j Missi. ti j-ii.rt. ..j..n until JO p. tn.
¦.:>,] MlMloa Irtroct, r. rnct- Hlxtcenth; open
mill '<t'i" ¦¦-..:¦.¦¦• ¦¦"•-."•
I I Eleventh street; or™ until » p. m.
in:* \ ji.n.la t: open until • p. m. •
N. r !t ,,v.,t corner Twenty •aoong »nd Krn-
i!i. U\ »i?. 1 ;¦¦; ¦' 1 < t 1 >.' t'i * r. rn.
rui it< 11 m:«vici:s.
¦ ••:'< it. -.i.vtrfi.-in <• hur'-h. Oak and lla-
. , : ...,,. ; ,t II •••'lock " JTof.fij.or K.
,; 1...... vi:i pr. ' ¦!••*¦. July. N>> <;ven-
i!t « k.tvi,v s .,' l«j ¦ ¦ ! • I «t UM. *.hr s-
, n 1 . •. hv.'I- inc-tlne »l 6^«.V A cordial
*..-. 10 «U. . '¦¦¦.-•'.
l; , ]¦,;¦• r|«fl Church, cor. Van. Ness
„*.-. »i,«l BacrtwrBld (t.: IUV. H. M.irkrntie.
IJ II ruiiii«..-i. Krv. -VVi.iium Mrk/JiMhtle.
¦Mlrtant mmwtrr, l.'r. Mac«e(UU« will i>r«-«ih
„, ;i a 1,1. and 7:41 |< tn .yun.lay-fcchcK.lal
\. p B,C l^at*»p. in.. Ail
,: ¦ u ¦ ¦ ¦ '• r. '¦ '.••'¦••¦•.:•.• ¦ :
Im.v\i:v [¦i.'iiiTim Oiurch. c»r ¦ r ;** r . r
I\,m-U «».- U*v. J hn Hrtnj'hlll. I>.1>..
r. «.ll |»TT«ch at 41 a. m, an.l 7:4^ p rti.
• •hriHts!! K UM «tC/3tlp •» I"
tli* . v. nin«. • t'-tii. He v ou servt.-e, th«.fo}>
; „.. ,,,.. »v..l t»- ..'.^ ; .1rre.l: Vjuariet.
•fr»l«n> V<" tin- 1/td'; iWirri.nl;: -luct.
'••'*«**•. Up Mv CJory*' -Mtllet>; sol... '•<"«-
,1» h . .. ., r i], liejmMic.'' »<unK b>- Mi. J.
. II inn bf '.th« pasvt: ¦ubject^
... rjitMimi/' Strangrrs cordially
w . 1, ¦ • ¦ • . ¦' . . - ' 5^.
1 li.' 1 r.rirrfjtt.-il ititirrh. cor. l'--*t Hn.1
«(»;. k.v Oh- >'- Ad»ms.. l» P..
..-., Mil] rufacKal Ha •«•: th. ; ni*. J-.n-
.!.,:,,. l-nto U.. l'.n.l. ' folio«*a by recei.tjcrn
¦ . -. I,.-. *.,d :1)'-:y <• ''""union At ..u
• m il,.- pastor «:i 'ririt.v.er *n addrer« on
¦ Tn ,. r ... ¦. I' P UJlrt,' v»-no «-onii>.^c.J so
.1111. iv t'..- ."I..--.1 anJ o t ngrefnUon. ¦ , . .
TlilMTV itmrih. . >r lMirh mnd Onuch ?!•..
| {M Prederfck «* CSampett, I'D-, rector-
m TTJnt >< mi. *-. II nC.dock. >*••'>' r.-mmumon.
i, R t prayer, 4 o'clock. The i*C-
< 1 » : : ; ¦ ¦ . ' - : ¦. ¦ ;:' ' :•• ¦
vi . .-.,..>, i-«Hf.'mia »t., nearintl-
n. v n Mai«.;i i:. :ny. rertor; Jtev.
v . t\4i«ofl Mststant: holy comaiuirton. j»
a B. i-HilUdU'.'si ti—'.. I M » »•: »>«* ft >" ¦**¦
mon »T)d K..c,Mid peJebraUon. II ». m : j-r^ach-
, t- inv .). ; i«viii« Parkerj ••v*tito»; scrvire and
n ¦ » >(.<¦ K.v ;\. «' Wilson. 7:«5 o clocfc.
\\ ' . Ki.lt- ChristlM t'h-.trrh. llu»h t-l , near
II .;.... ¦-.-v'-t's 11*. i". and s r- m.-;
tTor.iir* «.ii'.. i-. "A lVe;" InU a Christian
,: - .-.....: snbject: ¦•K i .Jl,i«-4nr Jesus :.
Minlj ">; !. >¦¦?.. ¦ '.' Ci* .a ni:^. Y- R. 8. 4^. I.. 7
I -A > v . u 1 » * . N a J i on ¦****¦
Till ¦ ; - J !fK-vl. B« iet) V'uKlc lectures
¦ >:;:i>.'.»» evenmr «tf <iV16ck In TIim-
• -,•:.- Ua!l. Vvii !>i:.w>' .imtWins, Po-
I "NM-r Mvrh-M: >."»> Mrs. M™
I- k V.rxc. \y- . •..!!. toj ¦ ¦ l.'s-W.TTp»: ' Go)Jf.n
..<:.•..• n » m. r__ ¦¦'-. _¦¦-¦-- :: '
ntlST SmrclT ¦'- Chrfiiit. -S^entist," Central
block S3;«»tter : «t, l»t. K^arny and .C. rant
i-., -<rt»ristr«n S'>r>"«- BiW* )e»s.m si n
r Kv: ' *\iV- ¦!.: v;;-.V: Sur-<*av-sob»o| f.T
¦ trwti n> thr rani" .hour. Wednesday even-
'¦in nie.-tl:i t nt * .¦VWk. rrce rea.linK room.
¦ .tin ..toow ATI wlctime- _ L;
'. • x:ne ISTence Church. ME.
tVatncr, i<v»t"t mscourse «t 11 a. m. by >:
\ ivknun subject. "He Who |jpi for I s ]*
N t \v--> •¦¦>' «'•:** sWIMe*- < v-ry Sun.'.av at
Hr, i'.II'-c, VSt Seventeenth at., bet. Mis-
t-loii stj't Valencia. ; ' '. . '-:'-.
Xss< N I *TI<*»X HnlU Mason and Ellis sts —
V...I-.I-.C ' -t n-.i-ii this afternoon at J o'-cluck,
Kidf »»efl '< Ur\. J. <Ar.-ref Glbm<»: subjret.
1: •> I r T. rt:vr Thctti; fOT ThCAV Ktin* Not
V.V.i: TWJ l».« " A!l:>-purtf m Invited to
attend '-.': ¦ ¦--¦'-¦-. .: ' _'*; .'¦'-.'
FI'Ki FaI.— Free leetnrr d the f.nal . <1estlnjr.of
:•,- Vurnn ra.r; I.Ilw-tratefl -: *>r chart on
Scriptural \n*\*. at t^?* Blxtrettth;. st^* near
Valencia: every funrtsy. evening: at • 33
./. i... W •, .- 1 > of ail creeds and denomlna-
lloas heartili itivited. ¦ - ¦ '¦¦'¦';'¦¦•'"*' - - '
HOMI • ',r.v. rine rt.— T»evot«ohal. servi-
ics. :i a m. ar.4 TtT. p. ro. NVIUe Kemp
•111 H>rak. :n the raornSns ar.d Itarrtet tl. IU*
- . ¦ ns All are yelt-oilie,
J-'.KS" '.'. •-..,. ¦- >n.-e "Vrnpje mrets 1n OoMen
U.i'.l t .1n\. 11 a. ra. Mrs Clara FV4ta.
-. . -irvr. Public reraially favtted.
MiciiTi >GS^-scaroA «•?
IT? ITEKOAVS lecture thi* evening. S oVl.^ck.
st «>>!•;»! lta'.l. r>thSa.n CaWtlc.:.fM Market
ect. "Tfc* inr.;i«-nce .if the Planetary
• m D !*<> t^rcw-th > f Animal and V.yce-
¦ Lit*. " f.'K. »e.1 by ma«Rln.'fnt rifwt of
, -t lo It* RmH ExroalUon. Th.«»e utenrt-
u-k mar procaw free tickets to the X-IUy ex-
:¦•". r.t the Sanitarium, ci-rn^r of Market
an-5 Masnei »t*.. n<-xt Tuesday evealn*.
free. No collection. ; .
I :N riS rttfl at Ml Market: Mrs Vler*:-*.
•- , >¦ llarrlsoB. Mr. Uans.n. K.-trer: I. Pr.
1- 1; > v s SO. 11. rre<-; t-*. 10c; aM. S
Ut> anniversary. September 7. itOf.
priniT r>t;nn drrn^r.stra'.rd : 117 Uarkln st , S
¦ ¦ prominent bae4tum«: Rat.nuule. HVoI!
w: sncLXJt ¦vi.rsnr.it.
\- SKIP HaU. SS» McAllister- Tests tr>-
. -vie every eve . itV; Miss C. J. Meyer,
Uacs.. - ' - - -
MVr VOt'NC.'P ccnvinclrr te?t circle to-
DtCtit ti- ali-Alli.ster »t : IV; comr.. skeptic*.
Ki:s' WlXCIIESTEn. ICIt Cay-Orel* to-
Mttt'i; Tues.. I p. ta.; ccnsultatl <ns
tXJXS llXurjTNn. removed tn Uf S=!*th: dixie
to-nlctU: »e*ie<j letters read: propheUc tests.
1, IIEITRSM \NN. removed to IMS Howard,
neur Seventh.- i4UJnrs daily this meek.
CAl'.U nHUKIURnrS spSrltual test meeting
t >-r.lpht . ST.^ ~A st , c^r. IUrtlett
ClHCl.i: tr-<«.ay at I and f p. m.. Ue; last c'.tvl*
fur ».-n» time. 14? Sixth st.
Mr.i:iiMiS— tnltemal nrothrrhooil.
TiiKOOOPlTtCAti Pviety in Arnsri.-a, US Mar-
ket »t . Aca3^n-.y of BrtsrieM toclnrt to-
r.'tht IS o'dock; *ubj*^-t. "Tne l*h;!<>s,-phT <^f
Hejrrt.** by I>r. Jircwe A. Anderson I. R
1. S-.m.1«y evening: rut-Jed. "The Elixir of
Mfe." bi U » M-ntfs
uuuri>ti %otices.
CROCKETT LV.se No. 1SJ, F. ar.a A. A
V — Olficer* ar.d members are req-jest- _ J\.
«-d t<-> attend the funeral of <>ur <!». It 3?
r<-as^S bnther. H. J. JIINCK. oa SfN- «>r
PAY. July L «t Mawwta Temple, at 1:» p. m.
i?j crder of tr.e \Y. M.
11. ronTnirPK. sec
KJNO BOUOMOJC* l>><»te No. T*\. F. m
and A. M.— The c!H<^et» ar.d member* f\_
are requested to attend ihe funeral . f jJ jf
our .lr«ras*4 bntber. ABRA1UM /V^
FltKOEniCK HECTOn. tat» a member ot
ix.»rtle l«>drr No. ZZS.. JIMie, Cal . Crnaa th«
Ma'>nic Temiile. S"N1>AY. July I. at I
n'ctork p ta. Taneral tvsimlttees «f city
Kxipcs uke BOttre.
UAnnr nAEnn.
O*IJFO«NIA Uodre N«. V I. O. J^ii^s^.
CX- F.— MfO-.N-r» wri;i me*t In r>V*«.
l,V.serooni SUXPAY. Jul>' I. '" 4U.*»«SS§
J V- :v m., to attrr.J t>.e funeral ''!«<*• ¦
« : . ;;r late brcther. H i\ Ct<KKlSON
WM TKOTTI-.K. N a.
OAUFORVIA I>vf»pe Kit. «.' X. O «>
p.— tOKtaltaOoci ef offteen MON- Ci*~*fe
v>*\ rvr.MNii, .!u:> : vimrr*
»-plconr.e.
TfM TltOTTEK. N a.
OONCOJtniA T^vire No. ITS. I. O.
0. P.— The funeral critnniittee is
hereby not t AM «« WMtntte at Oii
l>ll<5*»- Halt BCXDAT, July 1.
at 1:S5 c'dtvk «v tt., tc atte=J the funeral
r>f our late It. J, I11NCK, ii<»oeas««d.
llj- onier cf OEO. IU:K1NO. .V v5
CHRIST ROHKEU. KcoorOlac fffre'.ary.
Ital.U of Vn'.t? l^iff Na. 1<N ' ''IiiTjjT**!"-
1. Ok. O. F.. Blktetr.th ar.l Va- %^*^!J^.
l«^H-:a «t*. — ln*tk:i*tl."n Best : ?^^23'55?
Vii'*t-<lay cifi.lnj. \isunrs tr.- --^ ; <s~-
vtted. «^ P. rRECUTEL N G
{=. niOMPSONV RfCOrtlBt Sccrettry^ '
SltS and memSj»r» cf fnitr ; -v-
Uv!ff Na. C. Kr.icht* of r*>thia«. "SX
»-<!l r»!e«-«e »n»nU« «t PrtMaa o». '-<*•*"•*
tie. Market *t.. THIS Pay ifl'N- :
I \Y» «; t o'clock, for the purrose ,^f at-
trndinc the funeral cf car iatr hrethrr. KreJ-
rick Bac*«. IJy order <it
r. tr. nxrcK. c. c
SHEU. M^una Park. Berkeley, July V v» v
*. rici-.u-cn'.ii rrtrd ar.ruai cather- * k Jl jS
ir.K *r..'. ra:nr« of the S. F. \ySfi±
ThiJ'tie CjuU. The rreatert aS*ir of **~-*4»
the kin.1 evrr ttrttvre «-itnm»ed tn Ajrvertca.
<5i-ar.J cala <Ia>*.-.f SwittJsh sportsr Three
thcttsar.d 4<Mlars 1a cash prizes: elepir.t and
reatly BM^ata ior arratto. Orana bar. and
.*>i;*y ->i Cr^*ctrk» in the evenlac. Games
f>l<r* t» aM-comers AitmisaJon to park idav»
ii "ult* Mv-; ohilrtwn u«<Ser II jrtrn, S.V A<5-
RiiMsioa ir.i«M», i£u!t«. SSc; chiidren, 13c.
V.^i PHOT Jrrr> tickets f^r Sheil M">un4 Park
OUOJJOK W. rATEUSOS. neeorifr
JOHN RO£S. Rc^-at .Oacf.
*VXl'AL meet J?ir— The r»fu!»r annual ra««-t-
iriK of the *t nc kh."»Hrrs of The S5*a F^^e."isi.~o
and ?4n .toacuia. VaUey Ra*.'iray Crmosr.r
v -ill be hel t «t the oiftce cf tbe Cfiffipar.y, \o
til Market »t.. San Francisco. Cal. ca
TIT^I^aY. <i>» irth <»y of July. tMC. at the
h.our cf XI f.'cSock forr».-K»n. tor the purp< •*
. of *lectin«r • I<<Tard rt- Siirectnrs to »er»-e f.-ir
the etisuir-.s" J^ar. ar.d th* transaction c.f saci
, r burners ss rr.sy waf brfcre the reret-
ir^ Al.i:\ANI>rU MaCKIE. Seoretary.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS S»4i* I>«t:n, rctrntlnc astrc-l^cirt, rtrletly
rrlJaKe «*r. a'.l tnattcr* pertalrinj to In* asJ
bKFtrye**: horowvpe rea^lR^s Tl. V.it Matter.
A H'KKKf »w« r<w % ee»t»— T*!» Wi»k!y CaH.
i, n.— «• -•»;;<.-. tar K>:::r^. jl per y«ap.
AGKMH WANTISIJ. . V.
Hi:MKMIU:R. we furnish aeenu all subscrip-
tion booka nt name jirlccs (u Kastern imbllplv-
«tb; i-ave time unj fjvtcht ; library of. South
Afrira, Life of Moody. New Allan. New MubIc
JtfHjk: c-.-tn shin Rt onc«; «en<l for -natnple*.
Tlie J. DEWING CO.. Flood bulldlnK. S. K.
OFKERAL auentit In every locality in United
states t» rej>ri*«ent largt! concern anJ appoint
uvi-niH *.n Mrlotly salary, bnnln of t>v5.per.
monlh mi I nil tr»veJln(r expense* |>nl(l. Ad-.
ilrcss Ixpt. f..«, 1?7U I'ark ave,. Ne *^_ Y ? rk .^_
HALI^MAN wantrd In wholesale house with
vlt-w of eventually going on the road.
llAltny l?NNA OJ.. 113 Hattery ei. ¦ .. .
<on tioop m-uT-it, 7Soi-«'««Hi for isso: ivjst
money maker on the eout. Western Adver T
liiilng Co.. 312 l!u?h ft. !
ir.wo CAN be msde -(liirini; neitt « month* by
huHIInc Harris handilnp our white und fancy
rublx-r collars, cuffi!. pnnomg. neckties; patent-
ed guaranteed gools; l-ncloff >tump (or »pe-
rial J'lan. M. A M. Alfn. Co.. Springfield. Ma*».
AOKNTS can mHk«> 110 :" for iiny »«llln(t our.
"•iatiinj: <!un" |ttim««*"Hveter;..*«iio r.OcMn
ri»iiu>!i f or fiimi'le loaded ami Special termn.v
TllOSi R. FOOTE M(k. Co., I/»i!« AnjttlfrCtL
AT*"4iH \ i;V« AT b.W|'
It W. KING, ft.ttcrrie7.at Inw, 927 Matkrt »t. r .
r*».'m S:'7; e,platej», dnmaKen, |ttachOMJtta>
bankruptcy, «<k11.Mtloa>: nil canen; fuir fi-en;
no Biivunt*" cimrsPB; money leaned On estate*.
.Al'Virn iff. tjlvorce law a cpeolalty: private;
n>v fee with.uit ruoceni<; collection*.; o. W.
ll> »\VE. nity at law, vr.Q Mnrkr|.c,ir,St.H-kton.
AI>Vl«'i: fi»r: n«'cli»r»T<t -unless nuccra»ful. W. :
W 1>AV1I>*~ON. 827 Market »t.. opp- /Mason. ,
L. H CLARK. Emiinii tprecWi tilde;; 82" UW?
kct M.: i.-otiMiiUthtn .free-: no fei:wiri-u«lv'anre..-
A VTp MOBI LESi
A t 'T< > M O iVl ufs^Fr^^VA R 1> & KON. :
Atrnu. U Kn-mont i«t; : • .-.
1IA 111 » AHINl.TS.
ROIMN80N |5. l-pantl folding; door opens; flrtn
aiul »ufe. \V, S. munVN. gen. H;t., 426 Ellis.
uuoks— m:\v a.m» old.: .
GCUOQU- HOOKS bought aaid exchanged,
ll.olmm l».->i>k <?o., T04 Mlt*!nn i>t-. near Third.'
DULUIA.V UAIIUS. ''¦ -.;
, MARKET-FT. RAniUTRY. ¦'''¦¦".¦¦
a^3: M«iket »t. \V. t\ UKNTHAM. IVop.
' ; : Ihu>on«d ami l.'onifstie ll<-;ti«n ' Hares. -
Mature.1 li.ic* from :.,.... Ji up
l!re.l tloiw livm. ......;. ....;.. >S Up
T rt os f ro m ......... — ........ — . — , . . ; . $20 u p
- Meiilcinea, literature und supplies. . ". '
AVCTION. ¦'-.,
: COLUMIUAN AUCTION HOUSE.
1057 MARKET ST.
T1T.SPAT. Jl'W S. at 2 j> ;iii.
The -titnif l«elt BelKian Il«ra C>. ..of I,-*
- AnKclej Mill sell K<0 vvl their hipU-uraiie do**
i reganlirits o/'COatf griitul opportunity to- se-
cure li'thitraJe *t>>ck at your own;prlc<. -
1 TKHMlNAt, Rabbltry, end narrow-gauge road,
, Hlsh-»t •ta., W. IX D1LLA. 1'ivp.. Alameja—
• Fee, the moft tKf: buck In Central California,
Viscount Lurgan. fee tW: Yukon Prince.'. ncore
' 5S4.: $7 M. I'rice» to sell and to »ult all puriem.
Vi>uli* stock « week » to I months; $1 50 up;
1>red d.-ves. well marked. $i: t^re.1 doe*, .bettef
•marked, J7 60; bre«l Joes; Hill better marked,
JW ti-> jw ; trti*. J. d.*s and liuok. Ki to $1.00.
¦ t*j ; en evenlHKn: visitors welcome. .
i HELtJIAN hart-*— Fancy *tock on »»le; bred
; and unbred »'..->e» from -f 10 to J100; young pe.ll-
: greed »tock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
. ¦ :e*p;-.ndenre prllclteJ; I'ajaro Valley Rab-.
•-.".bltry. V o. drawer p. watsonyiiie. Pal.
.VK5 ; HEAP «n^^t pe.JlBreed HelRlan : hares In
Sute :• acclimated Co Central California : does
I breJ ir> buck* scoring: B; attirt rlitht: b-v)k!et
j . and demntllve lift TrW. BRITAIN RA«-
H1THY. Wat^ocvllle.; Cal. . •¦; ' : ;'.. .
FOR stAl.r-Orrat barcalns in fine. Heistan
! hanrs; red all over; from the finest; t>u--ks. in
'-. the fcotmtrys dc*e» and hurk*; all ages, to sell
' V»r trade for ito-id. fas-t greyhound. : HOMER
i.Ari\ fii Pownej ay*..: Loa- Ajurttw. ¦'.-¦.•-
BEIXtlAN hare*: tbe rijcht kln.1: imported ana
tl<-rne*nc; strictly 'part: [Viitgree Buaruntertf;
• frioe? rraF.inalile:. write fl^r free fMustrated
I catalogue, rvialutna Incubator. Co.. Pi'taiuma,
rublGRFEr* llelitlan floe to exrfcanite for bl-
cyi-'.e R.^se Illil aabbltry. w;s East Fif-
I teer.th et.. Oakland. .¦ [ . .¦ -.
j UELO1AN HAKES!!
All the popular strain* at rreatly reduce^l
I trices. CALIFORNIA RKLGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. A5am«s!a,; Cal. ¦. .
! WII4» exchange pediirreed l^elpian* fortx-pe-
| writer, tnuolc box.- lslcycje., mandolin or ponie-.
j thing uneful. Box 1STS. Call ofnee, __¦
;. TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. !lJ4 FiUmore *t.:
i fan Francl«co. Pa!.— One of..the few. .rel'labi*
'¦ firei* handling Belgian* '¦ ' " ]'.-¦
: CHOICE rEP.I«REEI> BELGIAN HARES;
• cht.iri. 1P0S4 Suiter «t.. : '¦ .. ' .¦;_-. : •¦' . ¦ '
i OOLDEX QATK BELOlS>J 11ARF. CO..<« OolV
• den Oate ave.. S.F., 5M rabbits for Bate cheap.
I H1OH fcorlng.. pedigreed; stock, reasor.afcle.
Royal Rubbltry, S14 Golden Oate! ave.; -S. F.-
HOAIlDIMi KOK ClIlLDnUA.
; A L-APY would like one or two young, children
I t>> iK-iard; c>v>d care; large sunny yard. 171J
i OTarrell »t.. city. ..; .:
; CAKLANrv-fmall ch'la to b^rd; mother's
1 care: sunny surrcunilirics: terms reasonable.
;&?7 Camrlieli #t.-. Center Ststion. Oakland.
1 W1I>">W «»r.t» mill child to board:. room, for
1 mother. SS$ Fell rt. : .
' WANTED^Rcard on ranch for J-year-ofd" boy.
! M.. lf*« Valencia »t.
' miVATK hnme for children by <!ayi »eek or
month: 1 day to IS years: »eie.-« neighborhood.;
mother'* care; sunny yard. 13^4 Post st.. cor.
rrork;:n: phrne I^trVtn T.ST two' be!l«...
itlM.MvSS CIIA.NCICS.
I j:.V-FRl"lT and vegetable store; fine n->rse*and
»a^on: fine business; best location in city;
great bargain. LANK A. CO...fCo Market iui
' $45C^— IX1RK store; bam, bacon and delicacie*;
> elegant business. LANE & CO.. fa Market.
i ITST— nAKERY baking 1 bbls. a JayTT horses.
wacros, harness: fine stAre trade; living
roorr.s; a l-*ri;»'.n. LANE & CO., !s£5 Market.
I ittt*-OROCERT. dellcacien. notions, bread,
milk, new stock; cheap rent. LANE & CO.,
I ftt Market ft. :
BS^ilOME baker>-. delicacies, candy and
cigars: living rooms. Lane a. Co.. >!•: Market.
fcSJ-NOTlONS. s>:heol rappUdi clears bread,
milk, laundrj-, fine business. LANE & CO.,
Sto Market st. . ..¦¦...
i *4S*— PORK »tcrr; ham. bacrn and ftelMadM;
I elef ant bu«iness. LAN'E * CO., S6S Market.
! rrJCBAKERT baking S bWs. a day : J hcrses.
»arrn. harness; rtne store trade; living
rrorr.r: a bareain. LANE A CO.. *.£> Market.
M. GRIFl-'ilvFrTii Market, r. 1. nrTciOrbldi^"
Variety nore; dears $S); man or w^man.JvS.i
Stationery and nc-tior.s; nice fcr 1 prrsoii. 3,'*
. Ralocn; cor.; rood business: low rent 1 ....>i0
;; ryilcacy store; central; t.vd business...; 150
O-Tftt^ery st^ne; no bar; nice; investigate.... 475
Jtra-nch bakfr>: Al; clear* 1100 month.':.. "450
POU^ale— In live mining town of Sor.ora. csun-
tr seat. Ice cream nr.A candy factory with res-
r.ers in country, maktnu BKMT 10 <Af>osl-
ti^r; sp'rniH * ppnrtuniTy fcr man & wife; in-
vest ic ill. -r. taltrltc4; owner x»!s!ie« to seil at
once, account sickness. BTENmCRO A- CO.. f*i
Matket, cvr P. O. box Jl!. Snnora, Cal.
THT^E «re all barra!n»— Cour.trj" hotel, j:fwo;
country butcher business, II.W; country m.iie.
f'..-re. flSOv: ,couatiy< dmg store, j:f*V; hay.
*»iv^>l er.rt coal bui-:nes». JS3P: src-ctr> and iwx,
I ff>0: <*;¦!» istown bakery ar.d cafe. tr^OO.
PCIIWEIXHAIUJ i. i\> . U: Markft ft.
|K-<»— WEIX locateil and g/v>d paying s*It>on:
nicely ntted up: full investigation allowed; a
sacrifice: parties l*>av;r.«: trr Nome: trial
Civen. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777S Market.
:: v i'AKl.NTH wanted tn a flrst-cla&* saloon
<.m block narth of Market: owner leaving for
Evrvpe. Call R. O. WILKVZ. t£\j Keamy it.
MOIIKRN batcher shop; central part of Oak-
land, near Hrcad»ay, doinc <-as!i business of
SSSO per »eek; rent tK: owner must »ell ca
accfunt cf r.ckr.cs*. RALEIGH & CO.. 4S4
Nir.th »t.. Oakland.
i GHOCERT fc>r «^!e— A barpa-.T fof the richt
! r'..-.n. g-"cd business and location, FV-r further
particular* arrly WILLIAM. I. rsAUUY, IIS
taylcr *t.; hoars, « to S p. m,
! WANTED— Perscrs pr>fa;rs*ed. Pf t5f* to enpare
i tn best l%ayi:ir busirres* In city; guaranteed
! emj>:e>-Tr.ent on roM r«!arj - : Invite lnve»tljra-
! Maty Box 1SK, Call ofSce^
i Fi^U sale— l>!*fksjr.:th *hcp in prftrrtroa* town;
j i:'iTif food business; ro crpositlcn- best cf
! reajsrtr.s fcr se'.ilnr. | Afiirers F. B., P. U. box
j ttl. Sicrameatcv.
¦• FOR rent— $« per reontli: ianre bailSir.j: ocn-
! tair.RR < Mails. Urg-e sJiej ard lot rixlJT.-*:
j 14th tt., nrar Market. RIVKR5 UROS.. 27
i Montgomery »t.» . . ¦
1 WAXTEn — A partner in a manufacturing: busi-
ness, with CW: «ell to the trade; no agents;
j na tutrbut. Bc,x ST30. Call efftv-e, OakUna.
i A RARE chance: I active cien to take *>Qual
i Interest wuh owner In a va:uab!e prcpcsl-
i tion: wnail carnal Stc-.x IStL Call office.
I BVX m-heaj : th'.r.k its tains to Jl; ee.nd fro-
j book, • < t J uc ( v«fjil gr««s>»t:cn," free. COM-
i SltX-'K a: CO.. Trader*' bldx.. Chlraca.
iFOR rale — Shoe short, en •« < i>uRt of fro!n* to
¦ Kurrpe. Inquire -Ml. Minna »t_ near. Third,
fromJ a. m. to JI ro.. to-day. ;'¦';¦.
1 STATIONERY, nrtisa, car.dy $tr.re: cheaa fcr
i cash cr trafle for lot. Inquire 4C1 McAllister.
S WANTnr*— Oeoi ©rape -rr«n «ho caa ccaa-
1 zaaad C£SO0i Bex UTt, CaU cr^ce.
IiDM.MISS CHA.VCKSr— -V-ONTINIJED.
: "TTSXnGAuT'roiy a oIjick^baEe:"; j "" i
- • . QKNKRAL 8TPHE.: .: . - : ,
¦: Groceries, .llacil ware, Fcert nnd Coal. ¦ ;i
.' .- • Will Inventory Abbut YJM. ' ¦ -
- - •• lOfctabliFhf.l TJlne ¦ Yearn.: ; . :'-••"¦.
¦¦: : In- suburbs at Onkloiadi re'nt'a: only .J25- per.
mimth; nil and mory- taken ojuf in trade; all.
earn business;' (wrier going away to look after.-
¦ mining Inttrept*;- pay^. a line 'income;, cart ex-
t»'t:i'l' tin- bUBlneM without -limit; fixture* $500,.
and l>art or all- of\ stock .by ..Inventory at
. t\liolenule j'rlcej.: ¦•¦'¦' ¦¦'.'¦'.' ''..'. -
. UEORGB.W; AUSTIN" & CO.." : .
" . ¦ . '. • Heal Eetate Brokers/ .-
." ¦ .' .'¦¦•.:• IOOS lir.un.dway, Oakland.
.WANTEIV- $20fK) to :lr>erease : bUBlne»s; •ivili
; guarantee J.io ptT hiontJi- Incbnie and'-.gly«
' :;0anple nccu'rlty for loan.:. Address at once;- box
• us', x\iii. uftice.' -. • •; . : .-..' '-.¦ .;":¦• ¦ .-¦' ¦
ISOOO IN'Vi:STKIi : In the. beauty, business will
net you 'pore tha.n:J100 pier month; AJdress
¦ :bb« XSSS,- Call of Oce. ¦. . ¦ v ¦ :- •-...-. ..¦'. V •-.'
CK1AU stand; for Vent -cheap. Opposite ¦•railroad'
<l;.->>ot, .Third and Towrigend.-sts; '¦ ' : •! .
KOIJ Khle-^Corner oaloon; koo<1 business;' cause,
- slckpess. 4| Becdnd'st. . : .-.¦.-•¦ . . .'
. >3<XV- \V ANT EpTl'tfrttier. In prlntlrtK business.
4(12' McAllister *t.' ¦ ; ; ; : ... ¦;• •, : .-: . '. ¦ : . ¦.[.-¦
J3ANt\Hi:TrT»i«le— Stock of p-lcklen In gla*s and
hulk, catsups; sauces, etc.; labels, '. brand*.
pnrldnK . outfit Btid. .good will !of California.
' ' I'nrklnif Company. '. For • particulars IniiUJre
at. ltourd of : Traiie.t JC2. Jtarkft'.et.- ; ' ¦ : . '-
PAN, KAKAKL. and Boltrias ataKB- and .mall
• • route for *a*e. For nartk'Ulars addremt.SAY-,
' I-:i;,s. UKOS , HdllnaB, Cal. ;¦:.'" • ' •:
¦'SALOON, with fixtures, . 'etc...' doiri* Rood busi--
: now: *«.j; retu cheap; Apply i Hit aileialoh »t.
¦FOulnale to the ' highest! 'b'ttlder-^ 1C«9. nlmrM or
part Iri a Bivul-imylng liioth'-r lode mlnc;:20r
litamp mill In full operation. Uiix' 1S34, .Call: I
Ff R8T-C£A8# : . 'corner' saloon;-, w.ltl relit tot.
r Kt-i>cery ami hnr: no rraKonuble offer reject i><1..
Ari'ly The IloulevarJ, l*t. l«obos and Fjrst nv ; '
TO lU'STl.F.R-HBlf .Interest .'In'. law ani collec-
tion. agency; rio monay.' r^Ulred. Hos 1SG3; CniJ;! '
WAKKHOUfR buaini's* for fully
equipped plant for; 'grinding \nt>d cleaning,
grain; engine, boiler,- mill;- cleaner, etc. ; lo-.'
! onted .u> U . ll. : cfntrai, . 'AlainKlii Co.;- no-
j: competition; 1 bUKlnema'-of liist smmd clearing: •
owner J170O to JlSiid; lmilrtinir* ami jnaihinery: j
nil In Al roni1ltl/>n; rrlce-ixr nil,. IncIUdlng.-j
¦ Urn lot,'$3pO''; h Kn»nt burgaln iind will bear '
.clonct' Invesittcatlon'to' iii\rtle» mcantni; lius|-!
, «ie*«, H. H. CRANK. pi'S California at.V ¦ .
FOtl :*ale— A utrlctly good '4>uslner*i rcstauranti
: lOO.chRlrs and feedirig 1<X) people;- bakery Us-
: 'Ing I barrel? Hour dally; . horse ,aiul "wagon; i.
i lodirtnK-houne. 3f j-oorhs. . newly furnished;.)
¦ finest opportunity to-, make ¦ money.. . Inqutra'|
American Bakery and Hestaurarit, Hakcrs-
¦ fieM - C> ! '¦'¦ ' : •"••••'¦••'".¦'•¦¦ ¦¦"•-¦' = : v" .'•••' :
OOiip-PAYlNn candy .("tore; roe oreant parlor,
( established ;H years;' principal »trev>tr easfly ¦
•.T.'elearlng il0o:a month;- flnest chance . in -the.
¦wor'M : 'f^r witlow or two parties; full InvestI'
: .- gallon "or -.trial allowed.- Se« owner, -22 Stxth.'
TO rent-Fcr e^al yard, milk dcp6t, : etc. ; fine
location: place Is. entirely : covered: contains ¦%¦¦
' »ti»H<«: rent only $1S: water free. ' Inquire- \VM:
; HENDR1CKSOX ft;CO:. «14 Call b.Vdg.' ..
i LEADING" hotel in Monterey; js rpORis.'-parlor,
ri dining-room.- kitchen-, bar; completely- furn. :'
will rent, sol or exchanxe. . For. iiflirticulars
.;' write JOHNSON & CAKH. Monterey; Ca.l...'
I SUOl'MAKKRS; store ¦ nftd-. repairs; ¦¦.'thrlx-ing.'
1 coufitry town: ho oapital requl.rell' Apply.. or
I addrtM Yoaemlta Hou*c.-' Market et.', room-S?.:
j A--S1TS; BRA.NTH bakery and. -delicacy .'stpre-; S ¦•
ji llvthK rootr.n.-wlth water:. Tent >12. :- 428 Sixth:,!-
j 'CANPY c.torj? fcr-sale.^ gooii stock and. flx.tures;'[
;. low; rent;.'no' agt'nta, lS8.-Hay*« st.-.-'. •' -. . j
IFOR^ale— Fruit «nd oy.s.ter'-Btaiid. " U76"Market j
: ft. i' cheap. If; -sold at once,' .'.-' ...'.• ' ... ;' - - f
HALF businee's hgrscshbelng shop for' Mle.^ ISff'X
I VtLXin tt; ' ! . . . ''.-¦/-.• . : . .- .- .'.
:PiiNT rt'isf the trUwd.« anJ- .l«mii» '. at ' the j
j! BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary:, other, bargains. .].
; COFFi:r aini ¦ t ?a roiites ¦ from'-' QEO.- 1
j ; \V. CAPWF-t-L * CO^ Jl; gacramentQ; M- . , i
iOLASSIFIED- advertlseme-nts and subscrlptloris,' .
. received at Call bra nch .of floe,- ;.i»>Fl U rn ore 'su
i A BHANGH office for Call advertisements -and
i subscript tons: has' been ertablbhed at lOPf Va- -!
¦ le-r.-la »t ¦ . :¦¦ -' ;' . . -. • ; ' '' . ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦"' "=1
'{'.'¦¦ LOUCilMS-llOV^Slis I'OIt S-SVE- . :
a: M; grikfin. n» Market;' TeU T*'.aic>k-isnS; . ;
¦ 10 rms. N.-.Mkt.: rent $SBj. bay-windows:'. HOO-j
: . It r , central, cor.': rent$3S: pSod;. clean.- $3.V> .
j : ' IS r'.,:N. Mkt : . i rent $35: well fur.; full'.-;'.- JT50 1
.JO f : rent lt$; sUt?ny cor.:.5. kitchens.. !-..-. ,?150i<- '¦
I I ' CV r.. central; rent JS.'.;- Kv»O(i location; full. $!y'J ;.
• ¦ 54 r..; co.r.: 4 cash; bargain': central. ..Jl^fl-,
: 5R r-. : full «t men: central, podd furni«ure.$tCM
, ;- 6Q.r';.;hci<r'; 55 fur. ; .rent; j^; ¦ full... ¦.¦¦..:,....•.:
IU'Y-fcRS. : taVe nrttlce— Hciwse of- IS rooms; mak«j
i i-iffer; house of TS rocta* ::*A*y pAyin.««nt«j these:!
i: houses must be sold.' SCinVEiNHARU &.QO., j
!'; HT :Market rt...;c!pp<'>ite ; .Magon- .' : -:.: ;• ' -'¦•-.¦¦-.I
lPARTT*wpln« flf-yt.cla!*? hotel w'.tn' bar;, in.)
. to«rn near TH-. R. Ot^ati Confrai A.lameda.. Co;.'; I'
¦ desires trt exchance •- tori& firsit-^'lass :-.- boarding'
:ar.a rooming; house':: tn : " Oakland. . .M.-^II-.
•CRANE: ,'¦";¦ •'. '. : . ; ;; _.:-.- .
: Fr'R ; N.r?ItET> ' hSxiV..' :». rooms.'-. «rtd. bath :.'.rent- ;¦¦
? - itn>lpr'.ce.rea»onableV'gr i od. location. ;S65' Jessie. ..
CAMPAIGN MIOTO RCTTONS \ j
-j lirt. of all kinds -of photo buttons and jewel- ;
I ry; wholesale and retail.; send .far catalogue ...»
i. Miniature Portrait Co.. ??.* Market ntJ, S. F. j
[¦ ¦ ¦ . . — TT ,...¦¦'¦ i
• . ; : ! CAPE, XOME. . ; ;
CAPE NOME mining enterprise; grand oppor- .
. tnnlty for biwlpeM men;.*5cV». ROKINSON, j
; 5;S SAnsrn-.e »t. . ' ¦ ••• • • .-' ' •]
AI STEAMKRS for Cape Sonif; salllnirs July !
5 and 10; fare JPO. C. F. MOORE. S55 Market I
?t.. rcom €. ': *! ¦ •'.'... •• '!-
OARI'BT ."D.EATIXG AM) Cl-R.VS I\G. j
A\"HEN you become dlJKusted with poor wort]
fend to sr.vn.niNG'S Pioneer Carpet-Reat- "i
tr,g Works, .V>3-3JT Tehama fct. : tel. !?. 40. j
SANITARY- -Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing ' Co... j
S42-S44 McA'.lirtcr St.; phone South 148. • '•¦ ¦
'J E. MITCHELL Ca.rpet-Beatlng and Reno-
' vatir.c Co., 140 «th st.: teL Mission 74. ¦-. . . -.j
CITY Steam : Carpet-neatir.«r Works. O. 11. I
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 5th St.; tel. South ISO. ;
! J McOVEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co., 1
i "4iS Stevenson St.. teL South SZ&: ' lowest rates. |
¦i CARPKTS cleaned «t 3c per >"«rd. laid at. 4c i
STRAYTON'S; i Eighth »t.: teL Je*»ift944. j
APVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co!. 4C3 Setter St.; 1
, tfl. Main SM. GEO. WALCQM. proprtetor.
] CONKI.IN'S Carpet-neaf.n« Works. K3 Golden 1
i Gate ave.; telephor.e East IK. . , ' - . |
CAIUttAGBS AXD WAGO: S.
I aIAa kir.rt* cX^wVpot-.s. bupeies. cart*, harnes*. f
: etc,, cheap. EAC.AX A SON; 111? Mission tt: !
AN A No. 1 evrress wagon, tingle, for salt
\ che«r. Call at ?32 Mission st. . ¦' '.
' NEW * JI-harfiywasTq*. bu|rple». cart« & har»
j : TieM.: work Jfr.'drivtr'.fr h;ir«ei». . ISth *-..Vah»nc t .a. . .
SIMnrn'Al.is.M.; ." ';'.¦'...:
'! GO to Watso.ti.' spiritual medjunj and. palmist;
• . 'Murky : and .truest"- 'reaiJlnKs.-- Joe .up'.. lSil |
i : Mnrkct «t... near ••TweUth.-- ¦•• ¦ ¦ 'I •)'•-'•* ¦•)
j THIS week; only-f-Fujrilttir.gS'Sc. : -WA"T?ON, "[
! .: n-.e>iium ; yalh-.i>t."-l^i; Marlie.t- tt... hear K;h. ' I
i AY YUL1E. the Lo» • Arige.ies ;rS<o". medlVim. . . SM f
Ellis; 10. a.- m.-:tb-S; p'..'.m,, Sundays included.- t
! MR?.' PrXHAM ; ;,roediu^r'r»i^iri'irs.'da : ilVircir.. !
I .Tues., FrL. >. > p.m. . 14..Mc.yn.!ster.- room S5. "I
I MRS. KQTTKll. 'spiritual tncJlunj": sUtihga:. OC.T
! II. U a,V; -cir: M.^;-;'!vV-ed.v : Frt;-,- 10CVS4 -.Sixth.-' j
i MUS J JWHlTNEtv- clairvoyant ten-.bus'iriess.'i:
i . medium,- ilfe;-rc:ader:- : sfttlng.'; <x; : : -.' 1.104; Market !;
I A WFKK*S,Tiew'vfcr 5.!cents^'. .Tbe'.-We»kly ''Call.' f
j IS papes, in' wrari^er. 'f^r s'.ailinp, -$l."per yfiit .1
1 : — -- —^-^-—.— ;.' ;/ : -
¦ . ... . . 'C1.AI'IIVOV:\>T>. \\-'r^S.::'y\
j MRP.' r>R. C'LAT?K.-' the • we'i-khoVn-tranci.j!
mejiutn. pcm'-,«r.catly: located -at- ZCx> Turk "st.,---
j may. be conf-uisef- on all.', affair*', of •.llf*';'. she'.-'
will: show you h?w to overcame; your:.en«mifs;!
remove family.- troubles.; -restore:-'. lost- -affec- f
! tion*: unite the. scjjiratpd: satisfaction- .piir-j:
I anteej by mail: ser.d *tarnp for ' circular wltn !
! special terms. MRS. ; p IV CLARK. tt6 ; Turk [
I *t.. near Jorea. * ..- - ; .•¦: , ; ; ' .",;'.•?¦.••.. .' •>-'
I MME LANGE, the preat clairvoyant, tellspast, J
[ future: never-falls: has the -Freate*t'.-E'gyrtian I"
I Fecrrt: i>ho»-s picture fuiurtr huFt\and or- wlfer j
f«^ So and up; »attsraction.to everjbody; open
I Sun«ia\* 116:. Market ->t.-. be?. 7th . and Sth.- - ; .
I MME. POUTER, wonderful clairvoyant * card
¦ re«Ser. born with double veil* wccwvV.slfcht.
s diaRnnses (Slveaoe with-' life readlncr: ladles S*ci 1
¦ Fcr.tj 11 ; palm. & dair. r.elt. »1 M. IT* Turk it-- j-
: TOUJfO clainTyar.t, *-ard reacjer; Thursday. )
¦ Friday. Saturday only. .SE'Everftt st.. nr.-.4th,i ;
•j MMK, HANSON, .palmistry: eard'rea.Vr; pas-t. I
I present, future. tt<-. 145 .Ptxttj St.. rv»om 14.- -i
• MME. ROTH; creat prophetic card rtaiar,- 56c, |
! TCS Ellis «.. neir Larkin. . . ' _ L
j MME. ZEREHA. thi" mypur- lsthe irreit palmfst j.
I and t*M reader. 35c. ' S Seventh St.; no. slim. j'.
1 MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant, ani water |
I reader' C»ern;an spoken, 5tlH MiFskr-n. op,Minu I
MME. Aujrusu clalrvcyaat.' can* -reader; palmis-
try; troth cr no pay. SSc & 5ftc 114» Mission.
; MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
glttlnr* dt»y. tUH Sixth ft. -¦ ¦
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; came* given; SSc up.. I Fourth st.
I MMK SYBII.L.E — Cra«51e to grave; future &3k-
: ttrd's pirtcre: rsc; l>d!e>. »4 O'Farren tt.'
I — —^^^ »^ — « — ¦»
: couLKtrrioN okkicks.
j GEORGE W. KEl-LTTS Arency— No <iarR« ua-
i l«ss succxssf »L Koom tie, ITT Market si. |
• : : ". : '.V COTTAGES';" XO LET. "V : ':•*':
COTTAGE, 3 rooms and bath.' 3S33 Twenty-
flfth St.; 'rent $.4. V '' 'i. ..' ,-;;_ ¦'. ; ->, ¦-' ¦'" ¦'.
MISSION. 1142. rear-7-A sunny cottage;' 7 rooms';,
.: $io... ;,. .' ...V.;- ¦ ¦•:¦'¦;¦:. -..'.- ".^ ¦¦•¦'.'.' '-
PERRY, .33— Cottage 7 rooms; large "sunny
• yard; sun ftll. day; rent •'»!«.. .'".. ; .,¦¦' :,. •'-. .-;
SUNNY cottage of B rooms,' bath; gas, b»se-
¦ .pieiit, yard: ; HIS Vallejo.. irear; Leavenworth. ¦
«8-^COTTAf3E C rooms. Hojly Park, 2S Roscoe
•-- or: apply 64 off Third; water free. ..
SU.BO-^COTTAGE;- 4:. rooms; "cellar: Jyard. " 453.'
: Linden ai-e.. near Hayes and Ijapuna «ts. •:
.. ... , UOG HOSriTAlis." " .
DR. nUZARD'i? Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore— .
Advice, und 'tnedicln'e. 7. r .o; city visits $150:. all-
«nlm»h» treateJ; doi?s boarded. Tel. .West 635.
DR.' CliTlicLVS C. P. manBecure^nnd wrtrm pills
I by druggists urnt honpltal. SlO Coldpn Gate av.
t . ;_ . 1 1 ' __i_! -
'-.'¦' ¦..":.¦ PBNTISTjS;.: •' : ' ¦ _¦:. ';
AT -the; ELECTRO-IXTCNTAL CLINIC. S03 Mar--
; ket'ijt.-, opr-.'4th, rni. 7, Flood blctg,, you can.
/¦'have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
; Without- plate* our sr.ect'alty; eC>ld . crowns. '
$3 i.O up; plntea. extraction* free, $4 50 up: of*
. rice-hours; a a. m. to Kl pi ni/; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. to; a. .W. WILLIAMSON; >I. jJ.,: Manager. \
J'^ICHT. prizes for- best crownjs.' plntes, bridges '
• .ami flllinss: eitraftidn or fllllfte» liy. niy won-]
dtvful secret, pnlnless method; 20 years' ex-'.
.pcrliShcn; no students: artvlct!' free; prices!
: cheapen and guaranteed; : latlv attrndahts.
DR..qKOR»;K;Ay. LKEK,:20 O'Ftim-ll.gt. . .
I>«..LUDi;uM UILL. 1,443. ilarket,:pr/ Eleventh ¦
r-No. charro for extracttne when plates are
iii:ul<?; oM ; plates .rondo .over like new; teeth
from $S' per net; extnu-tlng. tOc; gas 'given.' •£
DltfCfEOaQE W. LEBK. 20;O?FarreH »t., on
¦ var'atfon from June lS unlit July I. .'¦. . ¦'
V.\.N V.RO01M-"Pulnlf'ss"; rronin«s and Sun-
.Market at.. corh»-r S1.::th.
SKT ef teeth ,' "wUhdut plate!. Dli. . H. ; O.
¦ YOI^-Q. - 1S41 P<Uk Bt. :.¦-. ¦¦-..••-.¦
UHI2SS>IAKI:h.S AM) SEAMStliESSES
UEAIOVKD— MciDowelV DressmaklnR Millinery I
• School to ihi* Market. St.. above Sixth; . ' ,
PAiilSlAN iressniaklrtH, ?*< Oea'ry »t. ; dresses I
' -rtwulc, iS up; pTrwe*^rna'de lover ;'. perfect, flt.
MME.:.REMQERT,:i30.; gutter s»t.. dresssmaklrig |
.; school; any ciait.ern cut to pleasure. . ¦':
S. •. : F.--:l>F(>FsrriakinK;, Ladles'^Tailoring School^
, French i'ta|lf>ring ;S.VHtero taught. 411 Van Ness.
ACCOiwrcON' pleAtlr.tr factory; all kinds pleat-
Intr. ptnXihc'.- i:j Post.;. over Q.'.Con'narA- M<'fT.itt.
:..{ ;•:-..: •-¦:'-;;.Ki)i;rATioS,vL. ; ' v ;'•:';':',; y'M-
¦ALtitiiiifmi but: two takinc ful'l'ccjurse this)
year 1t05-.iH.si.tlon.ir. SAN Fi(AXtUSCO UU.SI-. ¦
NKif? COULKOE, 1>38 '"Market iU ' ' '.': '¦ -/ ¦ .' ;'.
AYJiES'..the' load fng' business college; 723 Mar-;
¦vfcet' st. '; lire'soholarshlp. $?0:- fncludes short- •¦
.hand, typins, .'bookkeeping, pen. art;, day 4-eve;
CALIFORNIA Huf=lne*». CollfB?. .305 Larkln pt.; :
¦ 'th.e coniliit-- school; thorough; up-U)-date; all
' branches:, positiuns' secured for graijuat.es.-; . •• •
EXGINEEHING. .civVl.elec; mining:.' niech. *.u'r- :
• v-ey." essay;- oyfljitde, arch. ; day, eve:: est. 1S.64..
•VAN-. PER -X'AILLEX; SCHOOL.' S33 : Market.
SCHO6l~'OF '.ACT^Xtl— Ly'cearij Theater; 310 }
; O" Farrell ; . pcsltionS' grntd. ' to .ftn^shed• pupils. I
LAWschrtrlfii 927 Market," S;' Fv, arid 906. Broad-.-!
•.wny, Oaklan(t; -day and night-,. correspondence. ¦ .
H F. A LC 1 S H.CSlX KSS COLL EC. E. • !4. Pc«t at. !
.,,- S, F.; founded; 1S63; SO-i-ase CataloRue. free. \ '
QALLAOHCR-TAR'R-'TInited School <sf Experts:
•; shorthand; .bookkeeping.. :Parrott big.; cat.' log. .
LE .JRVNn-Ar,t-nrid -Crafts. School, rno'deling.;-
'. ; i\e.4,\ gnltttt.- -carvlrtt; :' all ' n'ra nches.-.- 414 Ptne st. ¦
ARlTHMFrriC, bOQkkeepln«; -Rfamniari 'writing'.,-
: - etc'..: day or ev<?. ; .$5; me, '.1024 Mis-s.l'on. nr: 6th.- .
¦•'¦'¦ '¦/¦''¦¦¦; ki>il'L.b.i>ifc:is:r" o_t'Ki:c.iii:^._ . ; -;- ¦'' ..
A — JAPANESE -and .Chiriege employment'.' conr.-
' . tractor; cftaM. -.frv'fr-.iO years.; 'all kind? help:;
--4I1' P{ost./'nei»r IVwell;- telephone Kush 1,55: • ] : \
tNlON Japan<-se'.-Chine»«' 'empilof^fVce— Best' help-
.furrt. ; flcmeslXc >.j?.rv..; «7 Povven; tel. Clay Sc.-'/f
ORPH.l-l'M Kiiipl'vynicnt <")frtce^.lapnnr«'e-.v.ChI- I-
.:.;ne&e;rfflp. 426' lVwell. nr.Sut.u>}-:>tel.:. Slack t«72. '•''
•JAPA-NE'SE" and Chinese -Erapk-'y.ment .'Offlice; ,
•Vlx'st help/turn.'-; tel : . .John' :i;i.-..S^'Stockton..- ,
CHINESE. -ana .Jananeie. Emplrynieht '.Office-;.
.Best; help. - 411U d'Farrell : tel. East A2$.
KMPiioyMEAT: \vA.\Tii:D-^PG>i \i;s. :
XX experienced dressmaker.- designer ; and' .per* \
'feet fajer-'desiros. work' by the day. In family';.!.
.'•city- or coiin-try.;- R:3oni 5.:'5C4 feady^t..;.' ; ).•_•. x
SrTi'*.AT10X -wftnted' by'.a 'conipetsnt' cook at'
. co^kthg .ftn'l-.gteaeral hOB8«woTfci: .Call aV 3760 f
•¦..Diamond >t...' pear Mosa; aye.-. Oaktarid.' ¦¦ . ' :|
YOVNii iady.V Mason's ¦daughter',; .'of reflne-J
m.p^t.' wishes', a! .homft t»r' .Position- -as com--
¦'-pantcn to-elderly; lady- only; no' t'rtflers... Call •
vor'at'.ro-ss M. \V.. $£Z Montgomery '-st.;'. r. ¦ .2..
LAI5Y '; wishes -sewiiur arid mendittg to do. at •
¦'. fr-qme. : U6':P!xlh' St. . /.? :••-.•: ./I..' .'•'¦ '•:' -I
YOU NO colored; girl wi-shes a situation' to take]
;.care,.ot ti chifel JlurinK the. day:/ wages $l9.-i
tL_ ti'.', l(>Sr V.aii>aVi»lsd pt.' .-.'-.' ; .: ¦". 1 ' ¦ •'. j
WINCHESTER iloiise. 44 Third *t., ; near Mar-. '.
¦ket: 8)0 rooms;. 25c- to: $1 M: nlcht: 1 $1 M tb$6i
W*ek: cctivenleht and respectable;, 'free,: bus '.¦
and bairsjage to and from ferry.: • •. • .
A' B.RANOH office for Call adverttsements and
fu.b'scripticr.s has been established a;' JCJff -Va--
-. le'ncla st . ' ¦ : . •• .' ¦
¦"¦ESIPl.OVMI?.VT" .WAXTUn— - MAIiE.
RELIAPLfe man.- handy with tools., wishes, a
. pi-jiition as night watchman or night work .!
Of any kind-: references. Box 1573. Call.- : t.
ALL-ROrND ha.ndy:man and general mechanic.'
wants steady Jo:b; moderate wages. Box 1S72. I
Call. .'¦.'¦.. ''¦.'¦'¦'.¦'. ¦ : ¦ ¦¦ -.- ¦¦¦¦¦' j
Al pRCtlARD and. vlncyardisit . (married) wants '
charge of small place or act as foreman: pood
double-entry biv.kkeeper; excellent references:
accustomed to handling men.' Box .1S63, CalL ¦
JEWELER. Eastern, wants situation; can show
of diamond -mountings; quick and clean at re- i
I airing; ref-sir clocks and mustc boxes; of |
regular habits: city pr country. Allreis [¦
Jeweler, hcis 1^7. Call- office.. : .
GARDENER for" landscape and pteenhpuse de-
*ires situatic-n: city or country. Adireas '
PAUL SCHOQF, l^i .-.Filbert st. : . :
WANTED— To. collect, for a reliable companyi •
4 years' e\r-er!ence; best references., Aidresc
boje 18H, Call. ¦ ' . . . '¦¦:.-.--.'
WANTED— A rositfon to take charge of boats,
¦ row or sail, «t : lake or seashore: best of ref-
erences. Address L. C. H.. TU Third Bt:,
Hughes House. ' S. F.; . : ; ¦' .
WANTED— Situation: . young married ; coupje.
¦ Arnerlrar.s; Protestants; wife good plain cock'.' 1
1 aoi"u<tome<T to holusewo-rk. children and clerk- ¦
lnp: ¦ran fa'.rly. well educated, accustomed to i
handllriK R'anps :of men:, no objection to couu-l
' try. ¦ Rox 1$3Q. Call offlce ; . ¦ ¦ . . ' .1
FlR?t-CLA?S.'.:wvafhman for private .family:
• . p^ber. neat appcararice, wc-lt posted •. In : the I
•.rttr: irocd' driver and worker: many.- years-.
.'¦with same.: ennploytr: best references. : Ad--
• dreys L. A.;, JS3r Mission: ft., cityi • '¦..'¦ :'.¦ . . ;
BrTLT:R- va-nts situation In a .priva.te family; : j
• .competent. :>-oung: man'; sober:'lx i «- 6! refer--
'.enires: oity'-orct-vutntr>\ '.Box.16,; IPS ElevelwtJbL ¦
aTyO.TTNP -felkiw-, .American,. %l.' : years old'.'/-
. bright.' .'actiyf. -honest;. of gsotj, address, and.'-,
¦a-trectiona'te' dispcsitlpn, desinea -poskton ".asv
• vale.t. . tit •"geri'tl'eman "' desiring-: companion ' or : j
¦ valet; no ob' jecUrin • to groin*:' to- Paris-Expoaf-.
...tioa;- -referenc*. -.A-ddress'boT TOSO^-ixU otlfpei,-
AVAXtEP— Man., and '. wife .;want.w T ork : for •rtty v
' ¦• or: c-c'Jntry. • '• Address or call .413 Bay st. • -¦-
FtnST-t'LA'fS ¦ mixer, .wishes' position.'. -B.'.~R\..- .
¦'• 117 Mlrfna-'.sO > .:. •¦ . .' . : .'¦ ->¦: ¦ ' " .-•'':''¦•• !
TV^AVTEtyW'VwaJS ir.aa, position' of jiny.iklr.d>
' n:f.rc«ntile<pre{!eited-. '.-Add r.; 14.- SSOH.: gutter. :
FLORIST •-'Ifc-ishes -positlbn-- flr. care of ¦ lawn's'or '
.. rfrkrrfens.'-.AA'i-. roora lC 3^>H'Sutjer; it • :.";' = ¦
'YOrXG' m«n;."si?e^liing. ¦ and -"writing, fluently'' ;
. •French,. '.German and., English; : desires ¦ p^sl-
' rtlftn *s--va!et. 'traveling Attendant cr ..acnana'- .j
¦'eri?is;'.faif "cc-ok- also: . g(>oi certlflcates, .; il. ; . 1
. ¦¦P....box.^lSSS. Calf.cfflce... •.'¦'..''¦.'.¦'''.¦.: '•:".-•¦¦-'
EXrERiENC.npTCu^g-ims.n.- slh'glV. :age t6;' de-. .
¦ yijef ¦iy^ltion.'-as.'««istant bookkeeper. ; clerk- ¦
: or' limekef^erjv underrtands' operating . Smith
. Pr^rnier- ¦ tyreWTite'r; , best of refertneei fur-,
".'•nished . ho vbj'ecticn t.f> cpuntry .-Box : i%6t. Call.' ¦
A- RESPECTFUL .Danish • middle-aged -: man.
wishes a p«$!tion.«s watchman -or "as a .stable
¦ man" in * smalt stable; £f run elevat.or; will- '
lnff-'-to iearn. . 'Address M..E.. 717 Treat ave.
nELJA'BLE."teTnrerate,- 'experienced man. of 23]
• wants . eTrployujent In stc>re, : .office or cigar
stend; day work;-, wares no particular at*
i<x:x. Box ,lSf<. ; Call of flee. -. ¦. .- '
A COOD fireman wlsJiessome work-in the cltyi
rie«!»e call at£7SA Xitomk st, '. --. ' '¦ • '¦ .¦
AN. : experienced :re{Ub:? drlvtr; wjshee : : poslr
tion with b-isipeV? house as driver or porter.
- Address J. .R.. box 63Sy 'Ca.ll'. - - - ;! ' . ¦: . ' '
GOOD bdckkeeper anfl aicctmntant, young: inar-
i-iea. tnan. well acquainted with, tne wholeEale.
' trade of this city. ccmpe'tfSt -and reliable, de--
fires a po$it5ca; best of references. | Box ail..
CalL. '.-' : ¦ ¦¦• I • ; "¦¦ .•:-¦.-'.'
A BRANCH crfioe -for C*1J adv*rti*enjects ajSii
. subscriptions has been established ' at VSfi Vt- .
lerida tc ¦ ' • - ; • . . V ' \ .
]. ¦': EXCI1A.VGE. ' "_,' .- : -'
'2 XEWbtmses, »ne. ff t- rocsi? ; anJ cce. of 8
rocjns; wtn • exchanged ' fcr lets .cr part of
Wock: will assume : raortrace; mast be la : '
Alameda. Owner, lift Park St.. ¦ Alaaeda:
W AXTEIV-^Horie *nJ wajron in ¦ excaanre . for
, lot Jn MlssSrm «»r . Sout&Bide, irortli from J1V3 j
to >500. Box 1S4J. Call ; of flea. : -:r£"m 1
¦ :¦':.¦ ¦ EXPERT OPTTCIAXS. ; £
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
.1071H Market (near 7th)— Examinations iree,
German eye. watfr by mall. 50c; see City .ln-
¦' rectorj". :Phone Mint 257. ; . '. : ¦ -' . . '
EYES examined free: -spectacles P r °P*^).y */!"
. Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, itlo Mitt.
¦;.¦..'- : .. _¦'•••_• T6'V.'L.KT. ¦ :
10Q FLATS, cottastes, etc. A. M. SPECK &.
• CO.-. «67-.aiarkat at. ¦• . . : .•:.' ; ¦-.,,«
793HaUht;i t. S. r.,.»25. 726 nu?h r 4 r.J12 60
.72 Webster, f. 6 r... 26. 3354 20^ f. 5 r...... 11
579 Geai-y. f.:6..r.l.27 5O.2;.OH Tehama f. 5 r. IJ
. 669. Geary, f. 'It..... 3l'l3g: Scott; t. f.r.^JlS
AN^ielcffant 7-rootri flat; modern improvements.
• 2410-. Sacraincnto. : Et. : . near Webster. .- ¦ • . . .,
A— 3 UPPER- sunny modern. flats, 5 and 6 rms..
bath each.! S>67. 97?. STS Golden. Gate ave.
A • 4- ROOM flat with large yard, stables and
;. eheds. 2 Ilayward.st.,. pear Eighth.
A— if-KOOM jSati corner; nunny. 2 t'ajr ¦ windows;
all med<-rn : imprirvem'ts: tgt now. 417H Third.
A SUNNY upper flat; good condition; 4 rooms;
• $10; ' US Peirry at... near, Third,
CALIFORNIA. 1410'4. near Hyde— Handsome
¦ lower flat 6. rooms; rent $18. " .¦ . '
COZY hon-tc. ; flat : C rooms; bath. 411B Lyon
Bt.j near Hayes; '¦llg... , . :
FLAT: .1008 "Valencfa st:. near. Twenty-first—
5 rooms and bath; newly papered:. ¦ ¦ . -•
FLAT; 6 rooms, porcelain bath: 21st and Valen-
cia, sts.; good location for dentist or doctor.
FRENCH flat; 7 rooms, porcelain bath;, tank
closet, wash trays. Twenty-third and Guer-
rero sts. \- ;' -./' ..'. ' ; •¦'. .'.:'.., ' ' '; -.'-¦¦ , t '.
FLAT. J13; also eunny 4-room cottage, <W; key
at C23 Stcnnd «t., near Moll' Dock. ; ¦ '¦¦¦¦¦
FULTON. '. B42SVi— 3-roq'm flat; ; garden; tt. ..In^
quire SlO Minsloh St.- ¦ ¦ ; - : . . ¦ '
GROVE. 14-Few steps from City Hall; ele-
Krant punny top lliit. .< rooms atjd bath.
HAIG11T. 4S»n— Flatcf 4 sunny rooms; base-
ment; wash.tubs: yard; rent S12-; . ¦ ¦ ' .- ; .
HARriliET. 270. neftr firyant, oft Slxth-^Simny
flat; 4 rooms: yard; ItQ. .' . '. ¦;. . ¦¦ :• ' '¦
IF you: want to move Ret printed- list flats to let
. from BALDWIN' & HOWELLilQ Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny 6-room flat: rent SCO. 219Vj Elm
. ave.. near Van Ne>s and Golden Gale.
MISSION. . 1S15,. nr.llth— 6 sunny rooms, bath.
. laundry, yard: cjean.;: rent; |18.. .- . '
MODERN il.lL € rooms and bath: 830'i Bush
Pt.i rent cheap. Apply MADISON & BL'RKE,
;• 626 MMrket.st. .' ' . ¦- ' -.. ¦.. :. . ¦•¦.:::¦¦¦-.•
NINETEENTH, . 39S0, 1 block from Eighteenth
or CaBtro-st cars-Lovely, lower : key-lot 6-
.-: rootn flat; .sun, all day: rent »S; yater free.
SANCHiCZr:10M, i.near Twenty-third— Sunny 6
- - rooms and bath ; modern; large yard:, rent $16.
fcUNNY upper :nat;- 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent JiS. Cor.. Broadway and Larkln st . .'
S.W- COR.-.; JU3t ..completed, ¦ upper flat of 7
rooms; all •un'riy ' and . vp-to-date '. In every
. particular. <35. .1617 Pag^ st. . . .
TWO rear siinny flats.' two and three rooms. 70
Lrisk'ie St., off -Mission,, near Ninth.
jMsr.NNY- flat- 6 'rooms.; bath, water; range.
...Jti'rFey -and Sanchez ets. ¦ . -
tlO— FLAT of B rooms.: 515 Thirteenth si
112—5 ROOMS and bath ;.:iri good repair. 1719A
¦ Leavenworth ?t. ! • - ; ¦ ¦-.'¦..¦'
J15-^ Et'NNY rooms and bath, lower flat: $18—
•6'. sonny.- rooms and bath, upper flat. Julian
ave.. between Flfteentb.-and Sixteenth.
$l.V-l'PPE riP'fiat;; 6- rooms'; 'modern -Improver
¦n-ie'nts... '1W6 Mlniia .gt.'.' near Eleventh. ¦
•¦' VFtATS ..:TO; : .ETr-KUftXISHBD.
LOWER/ furnished flat; d.eslrablp corner: 3149
. ;22d: st.. nr. Howard: J. rooms ;' $35 ; call p; m;
-- .*.;• . FtK.M'lllth. J-Mlt sAl-iii.:-..- '. ' ¦¦ . :
SEVEN, nicely furnished rooms, with bath; 4
. rhbms' rented steady; low rent; good. loca- 1
•¦¦tion'.-' Please inquire at. 1416B Howard st..
; near' Tenth. •¦_ ;¦¦;•¦-• : ¦ -.:'"':: •_.'- '. ; ' !.
FURNITURE', of 6 rooms 'cheap for cash. 1S44 !
.- Alabama s-t..--. between.. 2ath and 26th. '. . I
FURNITURE of':4 rooms, complete; In good
-,c<)naitlcn: cheap. . S31B Howard st:
T^ROOMS furnished in.oAk for $4$ 50. with No.
-.7 range. Kfhg Furniture O).. 1.127-im Market.
: -"-. *'.'•_': IIKMU li*C ; -.\V .\.Mb:U. :;L ¦ . . ...
SECOND-HAND furniture tn exchange for
.'¦painting,, whitening, ' paper- hanging. .3726
¦' 'F.wejny-thl.rd .-st.". near' Dolores. • : ;
ALFRED. WOLLPERT^ .773 Mission tt., pays
.-:-h;f(the*t price for your second-hand furniture.
w;:E. CODY (late with X T/ Terry it Cob buys
¦'¦ filrn-lture. caxpets. ¦ 757 Mission :;tel. Red 3358.
"IIKLP WASTED- FE.MALB. |
CR. HANSEN & CO.V..PHONE GRIiNT 1S3
.'.....-...:.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....;..;.>.:
.. 2!waltresse6. -country. ;$30;-. see; party 1Q a. m. |
: Monday ; 2 Waitresses. : Fr«ni>, J23, -fare here; J
S ether waitresses.' country. $23: S .waitresses',.}
commercial- hotels, ' $2t>: 3 waltreMes..- Springs,'
'¦$20; 6 waitresses; city hotels. $20:' 2. restaurant j
¦ waitresses; ' city,: J"; 3 lunch waitresses, J3 50,
np. Sunday -worki. ? chambermaids,- country,
".$20: 3' chambermaids. . city; t20: -2 chamber--
maids to wait, $20; woman cdok,' $30; extra ,
¦ waitress >.. ;.
.............. FAMILY ORDERS ...............
Ilousegirl,- Grass;- Valley, : 125 and. fare paid; !
; hauseglrl. . Humboldt County, $20, see party |
. herer t friends to: bo together to cook . on
ranches' near tose.ther, $25. each, fare paid.
''see party here, to go next Saturday; . ranch
.cook for meh. only,: $30; French girl from, old
¦ cpuntry to\go . . to. Pescadero, $20r housegirl,
¦ Gilroy. ¦ $25 and fare, and long list of orders, j
city and country; too numerous to itemiae. C. !
-•R.-* HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
VOUNG girl to assist . with light work
and care of J children tor Alameda: good
home; $12; see party here. C. R. HANSEN
: &, --CO.; 1M Geary st.
WAXTED— S waitresses, hotels and springs,
: $20 -.and $25: 2 waitresses, nice countrj' res-
taurant. $25; 4 second girls, city and coun- :
try, $25 and j:5;'4 cooks, ihotels. $3J. $35 and
¦$4i>; woman tr> do cleaning, halls, sweeping,
etc.. for an Institution. $23; and a great num-
ber; of : girls for general housework to fill
situations in both City and country, at Wa<cs
$20;: $25 and $30: .too many places to adver-
tise' particularly: call and see us and nclfct
a ,«Uuation to suit yourself. . J.- F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY, 3.16 Sutler st. •
MACHINE OPERATOR. / ~~
• -. '¦ ' ¦• ! ¦ Steady Work.
.'¦'; ¦ ' Reynolds Underwear Factory,
:'¦, BS5- and 597 Mission *t. r corner Second.
WANTED— Women and girls to work in can-
.nery; steady, work; good wagei>: room and
water free. Apply at once to GIBBS-CHAM- .(
BERS PACKING CO:. Vallejo. Cal.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and gen-
eral . hopsewerk: family of 2. 2015 Brcderick
'. tt,. Mo-iday.'t-etween 10 and 12 o'clock. ¦ .-
iiADY. for of flee w»rk: np -typewriting; 'state
• asre, etc. ' I?ox 1S71,' €all office: ;. . . ¦ '
MIDDLE-AGED good latjiidress: competent to .
-manag-e. small French. laundry.. Box 1SC>. Call.
WA^TEDr Experienced necjewear makers and
.. apprehtices. . L. BAMTER &.SON. SIS Market.
AN-.'irbnej: wanted. ;'; Apply 251 Jessie st. ". .'" '
.WjM#TEI>^-A :: comi>etent;-.: nu'r»e for two rirLi; V
;. yig.es' f "5.,.- .-AddrMS. -bgx-VlsrT,-- iCall • offlce. '
WANTEI>-A l 'p"la'lTj--CQok''46r.:SaH Rafael; small :
¦yfi'mlly^.. *<'gea..|K.-- ..Apply-'box 1S77. Call. ' I
A Sl'ippLE-XGED-.'-woE(iaa;.-ii>-do Ijousework;
. widower .and X ; children; wages' $121' £07- fti-
:^b>rt : it. •:.•':' ..•;'-;• ;. ; ;..v '¦•¦„.¦.•¦¦.¦ ¦ : .' ¦,
pPER'ATOR'ar.d buttonhole', maker' Immediate-']
:/ -ly;- wages, from, up' to-tlg.. : &09 .'Kearny.' r. • i. .!
>IACHINE : '.cperat'jrs'af ANDE-RioN'S, ¦ tios-
:..'-tnnie.f.-. : 26-'G;" Farrell-.it; ... • . ¦..}.. ¦ .-¦ ' ;•;¦ . ": : •
WANTED-^Ymjng.giH to' '-taice- car* of : .2chil-
.-¦•dren. aiid. ut!»l In. kitchen/ •*S0 Eddy St.;
.jyANTED— A-.'G<rni'an . glri' at " 4 lS Jones r Vt v- '
WANTED^-'A' woman to work In' lodging-house
'-.ftr- rciom'aftd.b6ard,..'m,.t > owell «t. ' ;
'Ci'Rp'- for.'. hou"»« work .and • cooking. '¦ Call 13
: . Hdwaj-dat.:;. Sec ywng. lady. ¦ -. .-. .
A." .WHOLESALE", house desires a ' bu*tne«»
¦ -woman -'of . -good. addreiMi for the road. Box j
' .jgti. .Call: ' - -: i '- : '-; ' - .¦•:¦¦ j
A TOUK/3 lafly to ejiijaif* \h manicuring busi- i
-nee*; i5<x*4'|irofc«ltt(»n W-W'ght party. Address '
.box H>tl -eali QtSitA, ¦'. ' • ¦ . ' ,. ¦ j
Al HAUtBnEHRKK; also rlrl to leam the
-. trade, ;L» VerHi* f"arlor», lno .Market, »t-
NEAT .German girl tgr g«ier»l housework;
,wi«e* .$S». U4 Ottro «t. ; •.:
¦WASIEDfA youfHl eclo'red - tjlrl to : astl»t-in I*
, Uiebt fcou**work. . «*o Uttryu, ¦¦.. - - ' r
ejKLB": "wasipd to rivet -overalls at LEVI J
tn'HAVUn & CO.'B'tnetory, «Vi Fremont st.:
bo 1 exVprtenee- aec«r«*ary;. good wages. Apply
'• *S m;<% DAVtB. - :¦ ¦,':¦_¦¦.¦ . .
AFPH'K^TICIiJ* a»wJ : operators on overalls.
ETANJMJU* RHIItT FACTORY, ccr. Gough
tad ¦<5rov»'-*t». - - :v .- . ¦ '..-
RPLlAIiLK woman mr rlrl to iitlit with ehll-
. dren' "icn'i houaeworic ; rood., bonse; small
• w»k»*.' lJK< Oeary at. • • • . ¦ -.. ;
WAWTKD— TJJfls . '»od young, women for light
••w<irk : fn Jaoclry. Aj*ply tfcls miimlng at 151J
- Eddy. st.- ..-¦.. ¦'.-..¦.••¦ -' : - --
EXFEXIIEJSCKD tyf»«tler aod ¦ ccpyhotder;
rtate experteace. - salary and references. "Ad-
grew C. -ri... box. 1C4. Calf cf flee. ¦
APPRENTICE for hair work at O. • LEDER-
'Ett'g.lS EtocTrtcn st. .-¦•-•-•,. .- - .; ¦
COMPETENT hpaBeVorVer.- scautea at pJay-
sri-sis,- Park; crest be rood caits ba£cr; j:c I
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
REMOVAL! 1019 Market Bt., above 8Ixth. Mc-
Dowell Dressmaking and Millinery School
will open in new and commodious rooms July
2. After 8 years of phenomenal success the
school demands larger quarters, where eacn
department is equipped Tor practical and ar-
tlBtic work; millinery department under a
competent teacher; plenty of new material to
complete the course; visit the largest and
best conducted school on the coast: thorough
course In dressmaking-, ladies' tailoring and
millinery. MCDOWELL'S. 1019 Market st.
WAITRESS: good home. Apply 443 Third st.
WOMAN Ti-ould like to put a child In German
family; a«?e 3 years. 1912 Mission st.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel RepeUer. 7S1 Sut-
ter st ' .-.--.¦ . ' .•¦;.;.•'
WAXtED-Women and girls to work on fruit.
• Folsom St., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia st. ¦ ' .-. " • ¦' ¦ ;
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A-.MURRAY & READT..PHO?n3 MAIN 5348
Leading Employment artd Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M
.............. WE SHIP FREE
7263 men for nil parts of California, Utah,
Washington. Arirona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon. Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FAKE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY II
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
I Santa Barbara districts, we ehlp you to-day,
9 a. m. and 5:30 p: m. for S. P. R. R. labor-
• ers and teamsters ....$2 and J2 25 a day
COME ONE- COME ALL
..............,....; FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division,... ........free
AVadsworth (Nev.) division *»"<*
Sacramento (Cal.) division " ee
Western, . Fresno, Madera. •', Bakersfleld dl-
'Vlsion ..........;;:. free
Coast divisions of California....... free
. Truckee. division of California, also Dur.s-
mair .;.........;....;.;..;....,: tree
laborers, teamsters, etc.. regular wages paid,
office fee Jl ....: free fare
FREE FARE. ......... ...j..... .CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hamrnersmen '¦> ...-J'*
150 laborer*. Inside work, free fare..... ....$'50
25 hard-rock miners.,.. .....i ,...;. ...$75
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay at.
A-MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers. wagon makers.
. carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers. $3; J2 50. $2 day, J53. *60. »i0,
H5. HO. J30 and found; come see.. . .
5 coopers ........ ......5 brick molders
; 5 cabinet makers.............. spool tender
' engineer., also a fireman...;
. coremaker and S3 other mechanics, wages
run from U. ii 50. $3, J2 50. $2 day and found.
- . - MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— STABLES. FACTORIES.FRUIT PICKERS
. 43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country. $.--0, J40.
$35. $30 and $25 and found; • coachmen and
¦ gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city — —
•....;.. Jl 75 day
12ff men to pick fruit....... .....$26 and found
SPECIAL
3S6 laborers, teamsters for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 50. $2 25. $2. $175 day; many for
city positions and board home......
6 FARMERS AND WIVES ..........
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FARM!?. ORCHARDS'. DAIRIKS, HAY
PRESSES. VINEYARDS. HAY AND....
..;.......... HARVEST -'FIELDS
326 farm hands.... -.133. $30. $26 and found
125 hayinsr hands. ..,$1 25 to SI 50 day and fd |
36 hcrv-est hands . .$1 50 to »2 day and fjund •
56 dairy hand?, milkers, butter and cheese i
makers, $40, J33, $30 and found; come see.... j
S6 chore men and boys. $30, $26, $23. $20. $15 j
and found .............. — - .:... I
5 »1jeep herders, fare $1 SO... .t25 and found
superintendent for lanre orch.ird and vineyard
MURRAY & READY. 63t-636 Clay st.
A— TO "MINES'' OOLD MINES MINES j
MINES SILVER MINES MINESl
MINES : OTHER MINES MINES;
53 miners, single hand.'. different Jobs. »I»|
: 6 machine minen". gold mlne;...:..;........$W j
32 miners, single hand, excellent lob .......
¦ ... : ........;...$60 and found i
52 laborers for a large mine. $40 to $S0 per |
month, including t>c>ard and lodgings: if -you \
g1ve.ssitiiifacUon.wTU.be advanced as laborers;
. at ten per month with board .and lodcincs; (
. special, good, steady jobs: remember, all tne-j
¦al>ove laborers for all mines need "no experl- |
ence." :.............: ,;•. .•.....-.:..:...•->•• •
1S5 laborers, different mines. $50, $48; $42, $40.
$3i and found, fares from. $1 66, COME. SEE...
CROWDS :..'-.... ".MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY..-..;.. ....634 and 636 Clay St. I
A— COME DOWN* and get our list, containing 1
7236 different jobs. .MURRAY &. READY.
A— BA KERS. . BUTCHEKS . . LAUNDRY HELP j
1? bakers. firFt. second and third hands. $55. !
$50, $45. $40. $33 and found, for all parts cf ,
California: first, hand, $50; second hand. Hi \
and found, same country job, boss here and,
fare paid ........¦..¦.¦...;....»........•........ ...
3 boys or young men to work In bakeries. $20.
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trada; S
butchers, ¦ shops, • wag'qhs, slaughter houses, 1
etc;, $4Q, $35. $30 and found, COME, SEE
15 laundry men, crashers, markers starchers.
polishers.- ironers,. etc.. $35, $4'), S30 and found.
MURRAY Si READY. «34 and 638 Clay st.
A— HOTELS.. .CANDY. ...and OTHER DEPT'3 i
53 cooks, also 5 third. 5 second hands, broil-;
ers. etc.. $65. $60. $55, $30, $45. $40. $35, $30, 131
1 ar.d f<?und; 32 waiters. COME. SEK,. $35, $30,
$25 and round; 5 waiters for mines and camps,
$30 and found. YOU'LL SUIT.................... }
39 dishwashers, city and country
. ..........$30. $23. $20 and found !
5 cooks and wives, hotels and camps — j
' ................$60, $00 and found
9 porters and bell and elevator boys ;
: bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw- f
mill company........ j
man to help in bakery of a mine. — $30 and fd ;
lunch counter man..... .,...$35 and found j
: candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mines, restaurants, camps, cafes, i
ranches, sawmills, shops, : factories, hay !
presses, resorts. Institutions, etc. MURRAY;
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. j
A— 4» CARPENTERS .....40 CARPENTERS |
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A •
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO j
THE WORK, USING HATCHET AND!
HAMMER, and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY, W4
and £36 Clay st.
AGAIN WE PAY TOUR FARE
.to 35 Sawmills, etc
..No Experience Wanted
663 men for different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to S40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and i
found: crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in ]
fact we want help of every descrlDtlon for .
sawmills, woods, etc., $?0. $75. $30, $120. $60. I
150. $40. $30 ar.d found: SS4 woodchoppers, tie- }
makers, tools and food found, some at mines, {
$3. $2 50. $2. *1 50. $1 and 75c cord; shingle !
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw- |
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill. $40 and found
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 63S Clay st.
BARBERS— A »-chalr shop for sale. Apply oa
premises. 14 Turk at.
WANTED— By physician, an hcr.est, bright In-
telligent boy. 10 or 12 years old. to wait on 1
door run errands and do light office serv- s
Ice" muet have good references. Call Men- ;
day at 26*4 Kearny St., room 12, bet. 10 and 11 ]
o' clock, or 7 to 8 evening. j
WANTED— By an established, well-rated firm, i
scheme or specialty men to sell an exceeimg- ;
¦ ly attractive, and salable line^ special tfrai :
and unique Inducements: high-priced men la-
¦ve«tlgate.. Box 254. Detroit. Mich. 1
HFLPER on bread: who can mold: $35 and
¦t ociid. 1*17 Powell st. . apply after 1» «. m- r
MAN to work, about tpdg'.Eg-hottsc. a Ea'fft «t. I
BOY 12 to 15, wanted. In real estate office. A.3-
dre'ts In own handwriting, box 1S74. Ca;t.
CABINET maker and boy to team trade. FIN'S
& SCHINDI-ER. 13C-9 Market «t.
GOOD cabinet maker; steady wcrk. to right
man. 614 Fifth st. - : . -
WANTED— A dUhwasher at S04 ' g;!xtn ft. I
WANTED^Man to drive express wagoa at 1511
.' 'Market »t : call. 7 a. m-. Mgadav. . _
\y ANTED — An exr>erlencei nl'.lt wa#raa JrJver. "•'
KCS-Pevlsadero st. •¦''--, " ¦' ¦ ¦ -. ' - ' ]
APPRENTICE f?r printing cff.ee; m:«t htve ;
some exDerieace. Arsly Monday tnoixlag, S •
¦'-.¦Haileck »t- ', .'.-¦. ¦ / ' ¦ ' .
2 CARRIAGE painters wanted. Apply 45«
' ¦ Ninth 1 st. ¦-.-.- "¦ ¦' '. ¦ ¦'. . . /. |
PORTER »ai waiter war-ted; also a £i*!$- ;
washerat 153 Kentucky st. ;
A WAITER -wjinted 'at I> Pcwrll rt. !
A SAFE Investment of $4A1 la raying, letfts '
mate business: bring s?<od ware* to so>»r. in-
dustrious man; no caavas»iog *r e.v!o;i;njt. I
' Box 4E6. Call crftce.- ' . ¦
MAN 1 of good sdilrfss for rMr."r.*ihJ» po»!tii>a. i
Room II, fprtTi.v.Ti, SiS8 CaUrw-nia rt. j
GOOD strcac bi'T 5 )esm awnine tr».t»; ttv»
tps with tvareni*. F. THOMS, W5S M:wl.^ ot. !
wANTEi>-TVait^ >rgTnnh »t_ ¦¦' |
ELITsEUI-Y tnau or t>cy ta iror* orTftuck nuwa- ¦
«small w»r«»: S»M N«*. O.-«r. Ark»n!>»» and
' E}ghteent2i st*.. FV4rer<a. - . • ,?-
WANTED— Mfn: ta Wm bar^r tra.i#; i tft't]
weeks' constant rrscti*-*; •«t»» wM> Jearn- :
• injr: ¦tran?tv»rtat',©» r»li: the only t>«..-l«*r <vvs
lere Jn Southern C*:u »-HARt.KS »*«">RrV>N\ !
lnstruc*f>'\ c>.»mr»-.%a ?«rtwr «? the r»otn<
Coast, JIT X. Mala rt...- 1^* Arr<»>».
THE H^warS Tv^»c^nr-^,^«v u* lt.»»r<J «., 5
toet. Fir« artd S^^n.t,- Sxn FV«T»,~t'».-.-«— ThK«
h«i« 1>M r-r.Anpfva n*n-T»; h*» >«r>«>n \h.-»>n«»:J»^
ly renovated an.V I* the < *}e**»M*
tz\\ Qalrtf« h,->B?# In th# <rty; an \>>t> n\.tr» •
are hard f.n!*ht.< <-V*» w t*»'a n 4 -ar* ?« ,^1*^ ¦.
t-i^e rsorr.*; lar^e «««rr»vy t**4?Tn«--ry>'-rf 1 «i ; «r^« s i*l
attenticm to rn.M^mt calt*; »tn«>e isv>??»» rx^t-
ntcM. IOC »C> *Oc; p«* « ,-rV. W- l,« « i. WT» ;
TERUS, rrv^ • . «
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary Bt.
2Q0 teamsters, new railroad, State of Nevada..
• ••• • J2 a day
Ship Dally Fee Jl Free Far*
2tX) laborers, S. P. Company** own work
•-• ...*2 a day
Ship Dally Fee Jl Free Far*
20O laborers and teamsters. Coast Road.......
J2 a day
Ship Dally Fee JI Free Fare
ED laborers R. R.. Shasta Co lSe an hour
Ship Daily Fee Jl Free Fare
50 laborers. Salt Lake Div Jl 75 a day
Ship Daily Fee Jl Free Far*
25 woodsmen. $35 to $43 and board, see bosa
here: 6 tunnel men. J2 25 a day; 10 farmers.
Jl 2.-5 day ant} board; 6 miners and machine
men. J2 50 and $3 a day; 6 blacksmith* and
horseshoers, {2 23. |2 50 ami J3 a day; butter-
inaker. JoO; 6 choremen. different resorts. J3>
and 5i->.
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, waitress, country hotel. J70.
fare advanced; cook, country hotel. J.'.O; 8
broilers an<l fryers, city. J4.">. $S0 and J«0; 4
bakers, country shops. $45. VJ> and $60-. « dish-
•washers, different country hotels, t25 and $30;
4 porters, different country hotels, K0; 10 dish-
washers. cit<- J2f>. $-.>.i a nd J30; 6 bell and ele-
vator boys. J10. Jij j:o.
5 colored waiters, country hotel. $13: 10 wait-
ers, different country hotels. $30 and $23; S res-
taurant waiters, $3f>, $05, $40.
C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MEN with nervous or private diseases should
apply at Y S Med. Institute, ills Market st.
SHOE salesman — Factory with a $73,000 trad*
on this coast wants salesman having som»
trade on men's welts to handle their lino oa
commission. Box ISO*. Call office.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and electri-
cians — Send 10c for new 40^pajre pamphlet,
containing list of questions asked by Exam-
ining Board of Engineers. OEO. A. ZElr-
LER. Bookseller, St. Louis. Mo.
GOVERNMENT positions — Don't prepare for
civil service or census examination without
seeing our catalogue of information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE!
COLLEGE. Washington. D. C.
SALESMEN— Automatic copying book; J^»t
out; sells itself; needed by every business
man: a bonanza for agents: exclusive terrl-
tory. Pershlng Mfg. Co.. South Bend. Ind.
BARBERS— 15c shop: a bargain: must sell;
sickxess. GUS PETERS. 44 East Santa Clara
«t., San Jose. Cal.
TO LET— Furnished barber «hop: 2 chairs: lon«
established. Apply 23S3 Twenty-fourth at.
WANTED— Man of good character; deliver and
collect for old established mnfg. house; J900 a
year and expenses gntd. Address Manufac-
turer. 3d floor. 330 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jesale V2.
WANTED— 12 persons to travel: salary J7M and
expenses: absolutely no canvassing: perma-
nent position: reference: enclose self-ad-
dressed stamped envelope. Colonial Company.
S32 Dearborn St., Chicago^
WANTED— Shoemaker to buy a good paying
repairing shop. 1155 Howard st.
WANTED — Strong young man residing wlt!»
parents to work In wholesale fruit house;
early hours; wages J5 week. Box 1S33, CalL
BOT 14 or up to shine shoes and do Janitor
work In barber shop: steady Job; board and
room. 1043 McAllister st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 2So to
50c 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d »ts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kaotr
that Ed P.olkln. Iteno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Hou«e. 217 Third st. : 150 larga
rooms. 25c per night; tl to J2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
waives while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. halS
price. £«2 Mission St.. bet. 1st ar.d 2d sts.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Mor.dav at CZ"! 14th St.. near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
SAILORS, ordinary seaman and grej>n hands;
all parts cf world. HERMAN'S. 16 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPF.ELL. la-.vy?r; 15
. years' practice; Examiner bM<?.
WINCHESTER House. '44 Third st.. nt^ar Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c night: reading room; Ire»
"bus and baggage to ar.d from the ferry.
LINDELL House, comer Sixth and H.ivrard—
Rooms 13c to :5c per nijrfct: «.c to. C p*r we^lc
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. Filtoore sU
A BRANCH olTice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at l£04 Va-
lfr.rla st.
HOUSES. HVt; SiO^li. Ktc — For sale
A CARLOAD cf well-broke draft ar.d driving
horses Just arrived, weighing from 10CO to
1500 pcunds: the horses can be s?en now at
the Stanford Stables. 3C?-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons. b'.isre!e3.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddler* or
business atCANTVS. 2170 Market St.; Castro-
*t. cars pass the door.
HORSES — Toung. well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best in city. "Tl Howard St.. nr. Third.
FOR sale— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 6C5 Golden Gate >ve.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: *»r.i for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. «33 Locust ave.. bet. McAllister «t-
and Golden Gate ave.; 4 rooms; rent $12.
SAN ANSELMO— Furr.'.shed or u3furT-.:s!:e3: a
beautiful country residence; i rooms; every
convenience: rest moderate. Station master,
San Anselmo.
J14— A SUNNT home: water free; garden. iQ,
Dolores st.. near Twentieth.
L.OST AXD KOL.Mi.
J50 REWARD— Lest: Cocker tpaxlel; answer*
to name Crar. Telephone Stelaer 3i24, or call
26 Montgomery St., rocra 4.
LOST — On Friday evening, a brooch; gold bar
with Chir.ese character; reward. ZZZ Ellis su
LOST— Tailboard with ES Sixth »t. on. Return
to said address aad receive reward.
LOST — On steamer UTtiah. 7:50 a. m. trip from
San Rafael, Wednesday. June T7. ladies'
pocketbock. ecn:air.lng money and ticket. Re-
ward If returned ta 51 Appraiser's building.
MEDICAU
DR. G. W. OTOXNELL, the world-renowned
ladles* specialist; safe and reliable: ha» prac-
ticed In 3. K. f\ir years: treated thousands of
cases ¦ii.vf*«:';..:> ; treatment caa toe useJ at
fccme: consultation free. After all others £aU
call on him. :TC*-i Market st.
DKS. GOODWIN. weTI-k-acwn ladles' «r»cia:»t.
r:a» returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands t»C ca»es w.tli
success; 15 years' i-rartiee in S. F. : maternity
ccrr..*: low fees, 10C7H Market St., eh»t <*th.
SIRS. DR. ¦WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yr»."
.practice: home in cor.Jlnement: treatment at
: crflce. C; «Jiy ailment ¦ consultation free; cot»-
fiaeT.tial »4I Post ft., bet. Hyde T-d Larkla.
MHS. DR. CLTER. 44« Eddy «t.. «•»:! kn.-wa
tkT.A re:iat>le: ladles' specialist: oocsbU free;
hc-ise In confinement; hoar* » to & *"J ¦ to S.
MRS M. ALLEN 1C3S Martcet-LadiM' «pe-
claltrt: h.-me tn* c^rJIremer.t : «*-'• *2iS rr.i-
a^>: con!>a:t*t!>->n free; h^nrn 13 ta <¦
r.R an.l TL1RS Xva\TES. 1=« Market: laiiem'
phystoJan: chrocto dipeaiwi" treated; late »o
eatift? Twthods; treatrrett. J^-
5k7 NO TOT KEK. lateTt Cantca, Ctnsa: i!»-
ea*e» of all kin.1» iwiwfc HfrtfJ *?¦* teas: «ar.l-
tar1cm.T(v» Sov-rament.vr^'.K-aray: advice tree.
Dr. James rierre^Ssl^ Farrell. rooms : and I—
JF>m>le rrxv-alist; howe w o?*^ treatTaeat JX
NICr re;i»V» fc.->re» f«-" o-*-r.fin«a«st: reaaon-
PR X^^<Sf: iYS% t?te la.-Jtes' sr>ecial:«. lia
Market ot.: tTW> CM* l«B«WK8^g
DR. WWrt WOfc te^ <J.x-t^r treats all 4i»-
MIMXC A>D ASSATI^O.
DRT^mlne txirr.el a~.1 KT«rat»* td cat ty )»• mr
Ml*CKI.l.A>ror!»— FOR SALE.
: V -rxNSH A SvPt-rMAX. l»-:9: rremegit K.
STksT «»a<-k b*r». tr.;TTN->r». rt»»rw», csja=-
ter*. Vir.oleam. st-re and ofTice f&r&itsn aai
f.tturw uew »nd seovsrid tand; w» alwart
>,j, N -^ a «»rce «<vk t$ $aKv» . •-:*:.« pa fcaai;
JS «v>mr5^e ootSt* an t*ar S.V*. reaiy ir.aj*;
«¦? caw »><i|» e^*ryt>iia» m I« SK-ntr*. J. N'OO-
\»N «n^ Jfa*. t«V 5J=S M«:.J av. a5cv»
j: writ* f-^r c*t*5.-cv:*. •
y^R k*S* at aJv«t halt its regx:Ur rr:c#: 1st
.,>,( new ?iI\-er»-*T* ; RAtjrers Brci«^' best roods:
j^-^ttnee j>-l»te; * **t* <^f t*^» i^oeo, ix t tral
•-T-. - > v>f r. ;-v.x trasroca* t-.: t-;i-e»,
m-«|i J*5»e, »>>ar»tr^ »t, * « vr t.-cigs aad iicwl,
iHTitw, » s re*TOfr car4 r^crivtr. «yr»5> p-'tcier,
rr*j; •?«.¦> *.««t '*t £** fhiaawarr: i>ti«r ti^sga.
MKJv > .._ ? * tl ?^ Cig - Xrfct.. O->'«->il.
;~TVWS v>t *«»*»•, tmsJ aaa »>«» lEJred; eiaaa;
. » t<w «> SastM** at St rxsis sa.
X' TAWt^MlV'S.Tricat f» «aJ* t«t cM&s^
*¦¦¦¦¦'.> >.;r."-v !-.» C&aSSlSg WJ. 17**t B«rt»-
_ 1«^__
v^N^r i*:v!i\« r*rr<<t ?.-«• «c» or axs&sari
tar «s>Vtr ««asiti »6 OtutU «.±j±i_ SAJN r -FRANCISCO.. CALL, Sinsx>i__ ? juli 1, 1SKKJ.
29
MISCF.I.LA\EOrS FOB SAL,—.
i-l;rY.-', f'As or rent? p^ar machinery, eu-
ribes — >ilf—L water pipe, shfeftinry pulleys,
tr. WIUTKl.AW. "16 Prrar St. . . '
I hi; «a!-> — Oak mil toi» and flat top desks.
;hf.-r u; hflstt-rfil chain", carpet*, letter files,
ni » anJ good quality. Ad. box I860. Call.
¦ G tame V.ark bear cub. Jutt arrived from
•:¦ r- r.: chrap. Apply -at schooner Coqullle,
< y « half. . foot «f Third «t. " . . • -
¦ ¦ ': ¦ •!!; very nice; ever bo cheap. 643
'.;• ary >t, • ¦ -: '.;¦ ;.' • . • ;¦ • /': .-' '. ' -\
U-li Xo. 6 Ilcmlr.rton and New 1,'nder-
-.v od typewriter: hanjaln. J_ _ M. ALEX-
VN I »gn. 110 Monts.jrr.ery st. \ V
:." l.>nHHY ar.ii Fedora hats..$l 75. P.jp-
¦ i'.'ii-e Matters. ZZ't Kearrij* st...near Plr.e.
;:->¦ i-anii ras and pbota- supplies; -belling
¦ W. A. HARTTER, i;3 Kxaratn^r bids.
: FaVe— Schooner al>out tvu-ive. tons; i years
• ¦ -; ¦¦-' J. HIATT. 7S3 Mission si.
~ !Kl"L diamond sunburst for sale: Ad-
¦ ::v>s hex 1CS. Call -office. .. .. - : : -. •
I', canine marine encine cririilete; alnroFt
new; (heap. H. S. WHITE. SJfi-SlsOO Mission,
:. \wYS h*t -ruck for traveling. '¦ t_ 60. Purt-
;|and I^'«n Cflice. 25 Stooktcn rt. ¦':¦ ¦ :'
[SON rrncerl. p.ht.r,og:aph— Reduced : price,
c< i'cm records, tl vSO. Batigalupl. $23 Mkt
'""TAtH.E «r.c ; n' > s. boilers: Iron and wotti
¦ -~:_iata<g; 2a-hatid. J. Barke. 139 IValf.
T'NIM!A.\n fireproof, jsaf? ; l ft re and burir
¦ ¦ • ' . f safe/cheat*.-- C Main *U . \ . \
A FINK «=u>t. nf 1 :- dress pants. I? 75. MISFIT
• l.< 'TIIIM; VAULOHS. 437 MontR-mery *l .
V.X rent fun-drees &rA Tux»<to suits far iZ «0.
> ¦> :.TI.ANI> LOAN OFFICE. 25 BtOClttOP St.
MA<I1C lanterns, r.t-iv and «*^"ond-hanT*; moi'itiff
l-l'-^rf'. r.rLI.AHi> A HltECK. Ul FOU >t.
a NK\v £tan4aril Typewriter; latest niod*l;
cheap. T\ ; i-writer Kxchanite. 4IS Califorr.la:
A V'-TOV l'a.': 'jark» «caie &nd Sr* anij bu:'^-
; v,nt cafe T16 California rt.
' ri->-N>w and eecend-hsni. THE HEH-
S1ANN ?AF*K CO.. 417-4CS «acrs imento St.
S'FrS-NcT and f«»>cr.n<J-han^. a'l sizes. THn
WAI.TZ ?AFK. lOS-lll Market 5t.. San Fran.
NI" 4-s.;ne'1 ?ticker: I planar and matcher; I
:iir rpmrr^fir; .". |«>eom©t1v*«. ?W Ptctaont.
mi<sci:ix4.m:oi * u ants.
',!" >'~u w'ph full vrIup fnr your ca*t-cft clothing
call on B. CO1U:N.,1,h Third; tei. Black 4123.
WANTED— To' buy 100 loads black Mission
¦... bring sample. 410 Maple st.
:¦ TO 509 old duck?. 100 Museovie ducks. 1W old
1 stTf; cive jTlce In San Francisco. IS
. V'a'.tf r et. ¦:¦ ¦ ' . ; ¦¦
V.' \TKIt pip*. J. 4. 6 tnchpp; in <juant:t!e» to
suit. THO— PBOX. 40 Main Ft.
;»OJEV TO LOA>. '«;
ANY «ni"'.:nt at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mortr
gagei-. ur. divided Interest, real estate in pro-
ite; tjTorttaxe* and iccacirs bought; no Jc-
lar; tot my tenr.B before doing: liuslness else-
¦rfaere. ft- McCOLGAN. 24 iljnlgomejy. r. 3.
ANY pfoporlUoa. any amount: 6 per cent; first,
:- vr.ti jnortgageb, estates In probate, ir.ttr^t
In *.-tatP!=. irpiicleji. corpcratit n loans. ch_t~l
!;.ri-ifr.ijrrs; !::e inrurancf- Kcom 16. Iirst
Boor. Chronicle bir., HALLOHAN & OI.SKN
v/illLT- respectable private place to ublalU
liberatl advances on diamonis. jewelry at Wv-
eet rates. Hal dwin Jewelry !>tore. S46 Market
let Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
OS real estate. 1st or 2nd mortcaKep. and on
furniture or planog; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. DJSCKJCB & CO.. 16 Montc-mery,
: ¦ iN< mad>- on furniture at i*« per cent; also
. - to talariM people. IiARSHBAF.'jKR.
"„ EVA* f... room 2i.
M' 1ST rx-'iabie place to borrow on diamonds.
• ttrhes. Jewelr>". W. J. HE?TIIAL, 10 Sixth;
hiprhest price for clj gr.id. silver, diamond*.-
ANY amount by private party en furnitfrf _D<t'
, ; anov; no removal; low rates. - confidential.
liONELLI. Conservitcry bld(t.. 1J0 V iweli El.
AT In K»iirny. room 9, respectable .private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
r.Uf>s; take olevatcr. Telephone Davis J3o.
OS furniture ar.i jv^inis without removal: .juick
r - acd €?. Donohoe buil'Jing. 1170 Market ex..
ANY amount by private party on furniture ind
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
HONl-'.LLI. J'.!l Jones ft., corner Ediy.
PBtVATE party wili r.akt loan* to salaried
I'ojl^: also on furniture and pianr>s; bur-i-
nwe !-'.r:ctly cor.fiiiential. Apply 40i Ellis, r. i.
J.'.' 'XI"Y loaned pejple without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 421 Calif.
ANY rum. lrt or 2nd mortgages, *>Ftate« In prp-
bate. chattels, etc. n. 603, Examiner building.
H UURPHT. CT) Market st.. eolves all kinds of
financial prct-iems; I<i tnortgages. estates, etc.
TO *a:.>:>1 fiecrle without security ; all busl-
¦ rfl.Vntiai. TooDey Co.. ?21 Parrot big.
CAFU loaned to palarifd peop'e on note without
Indorser. MORKKLI.. 6"9 i;xatn!ner buildine.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
T r > Faiar:<>d rr.on without rnllsteral or Indorser.
B K niwount Afnry. 143 Pho|»n bnildinit.
Ml SK Al. I .\JjTUI Mli.VTS.
WK HAVE A REAL BAROAIN. If that's what
you want; fine large Mahngany t'prisht for
ITSt: if \-u buy at once you'll get the bargain.
MAfVAIS MUSIC CO., 7CS Market Ft.
¦ &IPERB fhouid t£k*> along Fome of our fine
.'•':.'k>-:^ strtner-s for Banjo; they excel In tone.
¦ trtver-gth and quality: 2'x: per set. MAUVAIS
MUHIC CO. 76S Market st. • • .
:i < 'lymrla Muclc Boxes, and all ether
kinds of musical instruments, on installments;
come zrA st*. even if you haven't much niTiey
to j«* down. MAUVAIS MXTSIC CO., 769 Mar-
ket _..
J'lANO? at cost; owing: to the dull season now
v; ' r» us v.f- ere accumnlatir.K a large stock of
Si :;anos; these, together »'lth a number
:f nms'ltm eent us from factory. will be
! out r«xardles» of profit; a better op-
portunity has never been offered: terms very
herai. DKNJ. CUUTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Far-
re!l ti.
AS «« r<i!-f-seat the best make cf pianos In
every rrade from Fteinway down to low-
rr:rt-3 n »k»«. end as our Installment pay-
m^r.tt ire easier than those of other dealers,
we ar*> the people from whom you should
!t;rchap<>: new upright pianos. 16 cash. 16 per
month; otmr pianos. !" M and f5 per month.
MiERMAS. CLAY _ CO.. Eteinway Dealers.
cor. Kearry and S-jtter et«.. Pan Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
AHSOLTTRLY -he rldest and largest house
•rest of Chira,. ip KOHLKR & CHASE'S.
a, 2S an<i ttOTarreJI ft.; pianos, organs and
hl\ other mus:<-;,i tr.strumor.ta of all rrades
:.n<l prices: tern;* »asy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible don* to pleare and satisfy the
'-jn-mer. ¦ . ..
IF you want a r'-ar.o at "taniard make cheap,
ranrhig from $75 u;>. t»kc mdvmntase of our
ring out salct BPEXCER*^ J%1S Market st.
A UFTAITTIKI'L uprirht piano, nice tine nie-
.;rn eire, flOOi- Room I!. Flood building. :
.MUST fell for ca?h at a low figure: s flae J-
¦: upripht. 16H Oolden Gate ave.
I'AT:OAIN — C3otJ piano oh**; installment t3
-..'r:th. SCHMn% 16 Mi-Alijf-ter st. ¦
BARGAINS— A few pianos w'.ll \<p sold th1»
•• ->k tor Horace; offer* wantM (cash rir in-
»• "- '- 1 r. ¦-r.i.t). Wil«on'g ftoroKe *'o.. 1710 Mrkt.
EEUIXO out reeardless of coft— En;!r» sto>ek
'' : c.nor; istore to let; flrtures for sale.
ME8 KKKFFE, 1018 Van Nee* av».
Ei IIUEB & CO.. Byrra Mauiy. Oabler. Hamll-
too pianos. 3CS Post «t., opp. tTnion s<juar<S. '.
OX furniture rianor: 3 per cent per month: no^
dwwb— stag. Mrs. Wilson, rtn. 1P1. 6 E<5n>- et.
v <; I'.ADIRU, 432 Pacramrnto gt, ag"r.t for
rrar.rjn Hacon and Hs.Uet _ Davis plants.
ETTPTTRIOR violins. rlth»n>. old and new. H.
tSClAJZR, maker, rejiairer, 2 I^atham ; place.
'•Nr: Pt»>fr.way 1 Chick»r!r,K. $190: IrMtallmenU
t r . U) tl fi . rent tl up: HEINE'S, "'¦ 128 E11U et.
¦ ''' -T-' TI'iV fji>- n»w pianoe. $S paynoents:
OFFICE* AM) STOrtCf— -O LET.
t-*HOE fhnp. I.ajun». near Hayes; .J3^—
store, Hayes, near Larana.. ¦;
P.n: 2 rooms, flxturet; rood Jocatlcn for.
tailor or milliner.. J04J Guerrero,
' --r Twi-nty-thlrd. . . . .-' - ;
"¦t; ft r». with a livlnr rooms. 3« Grove *t..:
rr-ar Polk. . -..,,-.. -.?¦ -« ¦ " ". - : '.
T K luapltt gf-Pcrdop<r. Harkus Stuaio. 11
: '^'y Ktchlr.ir Matte and Platlmim j>*per. ,
JRCE Ftoret< an-1 runny «-fn>es rrear Hall:of
• r-pt Ir t -M-irk. -nAKIX. 413 Kearyy Ft..
PALB1ISTRY.
".. N«»rcaard. Pres. St. Grrmtln Coll'it* of
i'i.'"-i- fry: rea'Ty 1 to >.'¦ C< Cfary.- fir. J.on»s, ;
PAnTXEUS WANTED. V ' . :.
WOnKlXC partner with 1300" rasfa -for chicken
t.-nrji ALFP.ni> CLARK. Haywards. Cal. :
PASTL'KAC|2. ¦-..'.••.¦
I -- .*¦„,. .-.'n.i-.n_ ..-if,,-,.! .,-,,- -,^.,-f.'.. .'
\* V ' TO vn acres croen pasture, ciorer and wild
» cr^rm mixed. fcr h("»n or rattle. . For
'_ ''r~i» srrly A. R. FT.'LLEn. Antjoch. Cal.
g;^ ——_—.————-—________»
rilVSlCIA.VS AND SL'UGCO.tS;
C JL, C^- "o"I»«fEl_- Otne« and residency
li- j» il_-tet tu. bet. Sixth and 6*vmt_
PKIlSpXALS. : ; ; . ;
REFINED B>nticman,; 43, with means, affec-.
..ucnate disposition, wants- acquaintance of
:lady haviac :her : own name; object rrjatrl-
V«nony; no agents. Address Box isS6.CalI.
GENTLEMAN, with means. 40, under medium
.rieiRiH. Brunts to marry lady xvith means or
_J|foe home.: Address pax 1B79,-Call ; office.
TO' the. public— On and alter this date I. the
Unden>ij;ned. will not l>e responsible for any
-. ~.d«tst contracted by my ulf<>, CATHERINE
.BI{T-)WN. . .".¦ , ; JOSEPH BROWN.
CANDIDATES for the West Point competition
will hear to their advantage by
at 1045 Church st.
A— Win yen : know there was only one reliable
I • hirxuitin« hair si>ee!3lln? Calland find out
; «Otnethini| of Interest -to all honest Inquirers
: 'rw. MI1S. E. -It. iDCNLAP, 6 Eddy tt..
San I-Vancinco; fourth floor. ¦ ' . '
PRIVATE— A home in confinement; removed
¦' from the bustle and din of a larse city; pri-
¦ vacy which cannot ke -obtained at hospitals
; <cr sanitariums; physicians having: patients de-
siring to ad-minister' 1 medical services them-
*e)!rea can do ,«o; country patients solicited.
_^ KS _i^i-E NK £ > im Ki K hlh st, Alameda.
r.KDgRKH, the papulae hair dresser, gives
you the- .very latest hair styles for only 2Cc.
j PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
j years' experience: J. B. HAY, 357 Jessie Et.
i WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 431$,
j Call office. . :¦ . : ." :
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
cheniiie-wove rugs, .silk portieres; dealer In
catj et twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
t- fcv MKXS fhcee for $1 60 a pair at the Bee
Hive Eboe;.Ct>.. 7!7 Market Et.. near Third.
LEIJEKKR sells the very' best switches at the
very eicallest price, from $1 up. • ...-'.;
FREE— Success til life can only be obtained
: through influence. Will send absolutely free a
liO-race bock which all the secrets
of hyi notisra, pwmnaj magnetism and niaR-
netic healing'. - Tells bow to cure r.iseases and
bad hab'ts.. enables you to -win and hold the
love, and . respect of other.*. Anybody can
learn in a few days. . We cuarantte success,
Write to-day: Address 'NEW YORK INSTI-
TUTE OF SCIENCE. Dept. 517K. Roches-
ter, N. y.
LEDER-B'S Quir.toni'-a keeps the hair In fine
conjitl^n, ST-c bot.; I^derer's Foamo Sham-
I.-po can't be. beat. T,c Dkg. 123 Stockton st.
I AMATEUR pbntofrraphers— Save 50 per cent by
I havlr.jr your; work dooe. Et Rembrandt Studio,
I 850 Market St.; cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3%s3ij.
! <>n'y 21>c; no charge for blank n«-»;atlves; pro,
feesior.al advice free: ley^iiis given. .50c each.
i ?t'ITS to riMer on easy payments, j Art Tailor-
I Ing Co.. Examiner bulldlnjj, room 407. ..
j M1P£ SHELPONV chirnpoalst and. card reader.
I RoO Markr-t st.. second BfroiV room 27.
ELI-rcTItIC lights ln : every wm- Winchester
Hotel. 44' Third St.. near Market". 70j'i rooms:
I5c to $1 r,0 per night: $1 M to' $6 per week;
free - bu<= arnVtas-gage to' ar.i from the ferry.
C-SE Lillie iWcbb's olive oil soap; 10c at drug-
gists: ae*nt« wanted. CADOGAN ¦& Me-
' CLl*RE;.4!l Market, r. 34;. from 9 to 10 a. m.
AllliWKN [fosse. 31? to 323 Orant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel of Sah Francisco:
$1 per day -and'-up;. finest 'meals in city. 25c.
AN e!e~ar.t suit lor $10 To from Imported or do-
me«tic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
brtween/Sgventti ami Elchth:
LADIES" and cents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Si'verman. J-S4 Folsom, tel. Folsom 1191.
ALFPKPrM? Egyptian I Henna restores pray
hair in its natural color. $1: at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlnR, old gold ar.d silver bought;
send postal. COT.EMAN'S, 50(5 Kearny st.
G. I\ MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave.,
bPtw^en Fierce ami Scott: rhone Steiner 3391.
CHEAPEST and best in Am»rica-The Weekly
Cell. 16 pages, eent to any address Jn the
.United States cr Canada one year for $L
P"F<«g» rtllt. : - '
•''•;¦• V PHOTOGUAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FREE samples of Developer. Backus Studio, 11
! Geary st. Etching Matte and Platinum Paper.
WE Irian kodaks free: r-hotn 'upnlres. flackus
.. etud'-o. 11 Gearv *t.. gr/jotvri nnQ ', top floors.. '
KLAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.. ¦ . ¦
¦ .' •. •. . . • ; : 63S Market Street.
. . SPECULATORS, ATTENTION. .
A FEW LOW PRICED PROPERTIES WHICH
. ML'ST BE. SOLD.
". ,-'/:¦ i RICHMOND COTTAGE, .
$1.300— Reduced frem . $L7Z;0;- worth $2,000;
Pretty cottage of 4 rooms and bath and
.. basement; lot 2Sxl20 ft.; rents. 412 per
. ; month; Eighth a\e. r near Clement.
'. . MISSION COTTAGE. '.
$1.400— .-..' :..... WORTH . . . „ ... . ..... .12.000
Make offer; pretty cottAce of 5 rooms and
bath; -on- Twenty-seventh, near Church
street; lot 28x106 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
$1.8W— : .. WORTH ,. $2.S00
• . House 7 rooms: one-half block. frcm New
Poetofflce; lot 23x75 ft. !
POINT LOBOS AVE.; FLAT AND STORE.
$2.5CKV-... :....... WORTH $3,500
Make offer; »tore and flat of 5 rooms and
bath; all modern improvements; rent $25
per month; near Second ave.
" . WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$2.900— WORTH $4,000
Near Soctt. and Waller sts; 2 elegant
modern flats of 6 rooms and bath, porce-
lain tubs, tiled mantels, etc: pays 12 per
cent.
TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
AT PRIVATE SALE.
6 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; lot 53:9x75 ft.; Clara
¦t., near Sixth; rents $47 50 per month;
ail bids must be presented at our office.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO SNAP.
J3.75O— WORTH J5.000
¦ .Best business block on Railroad ave.;
store and 5 rooms and upper flat 7 rooms
and bath; large lot.
. ' EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.,
' . . 639 Markt Street.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
• '. :-_¦ ¦ 22 Montgomery Street.
$350— Natoma st., bet. First and Second: house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent. $18; lot 20x65.
$1SOO— Parker ave.. near Geary Et. ; 25x120; 2
flats of .4 and S roon.s each; rents *15.
$2000— Rents $240 per annum; pays 12 per cent;
2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; Harrison
: et., rwar Twelfth. . : : •- v
$3300 — Fine- unobstructed marine view; lot 33x
H7r9:-on Map.le St., near Jackson.
DT'FINEPS PROPERTY.
S0xl~; Howard Ft.: near First; valuable ware-
house' or- manufacturing property; price $21,500.
IM.-fGD^-'nentB I1410 : per annum; pays 10 per
cent; -4 new flats on- corner; Panhandle dis-
trict; choice' lnveitment.
$1600-^-MInna 'st.. hear : Fourteenth; nice, oom-
forteble bouse of 5 rooms; lot 25x80; street
accepted. ¦ ' ' ¦ ' •
$2100— Lombard St., near Polk; eunny side; 2
flats. S rooms and bath each; rents $20; lot
. 24:6x187:6. . . . . ;
$2750 i-earhi-Fell .St.. near Cole; 2 lota, UxlCO;
¦ each faclnp Park.; ; ¦¦
$7000-^Ju6f the price of the lot; thi house
thrown In; ;Bush st.. ; sunny side, near Oeta-
via; -'- S0xl20. ¦ to. .rear, street: - frontages; fine
two-Btory bay-window house of- 8 rooms and
;. porcelain bath; could ; be altered into fiats.
$2000 each— Reduced from $2300: only S lot's left;
on Pacific ave.. near Central ave.; magnlfl-
cent marine view; 25x127:8 each.
£2. r .0-i-Paclric ave> near Polk; 84:4x137:6; brew-
¦ er>". rents $60. -.',}.\.- ¦-¦;¦.• ': '.-.:. "-\
fl«.5<Xk-r<5ra'nd, lance corner on McAllister St.;
3-story .-building; '. store ' and flats; never va-
.'. cant. ' :-..-' '' ; 7 ;¦';¦': •
$12f.0— Nice lot on Essex St., near Harrison;
¦ 2Sx(i7:6. . .: .' '•-.'-- ' ' .
C. C< liKMIS. Real Bstate . and General Uu>l
. J' .'. . Agent; 824 Montgomery. »u
¦ Make cffer-^Northeast' corner Twenty-seventh
nnd .Doutiass: Hi,; mutt b« sold; 80x114 feet.
• ilSOO— North/ l-iii* CarlVet.. near Etanyan;. 25*
157:8 feet...r ; ' ' . ' ' - .
ALt»:«flrts of -.financial problems solved by H.
.MURPHY. €30 .Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
J4OO0--B ARC A I N arid facriflce; Z flats; flrst-
cltM Improvements; rents $31; pays. 8 per cent
net; 25x87:6. ' Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery' tt.', -room . i. ; :
*2S OOO— THE cheapest buy In town: will mor»
than double .the value, inside of 10 years; to
close an estate wl!l he; sacrificed now; ah ele-
cant Marfcet-st. property, east of. Valencia,
. . SSxl24 to rear street. Apply R. McCOLOAN.
24 .ftfontgomefy ,«t.. room ».
J175O— ; THE best barjraln in the city: cost $13,000;
4 flats 2 stores.; rents- $35. SE. Stockton and
Greenwich. Apply R. McCOLOAN, 24 Mont-
rornery st.-, room . 1 ¦:'.-•
FOR SALE— Cottace 5 rctrms; high basement;
¦unny front: patent closet; city water; bar-
kMB. « 6*rpen__i olaca. •
HEAL. ESTATE-— CITY — -FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
: . REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
; J -; .? 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$9,000— Rents $870 per annum; 3 new modern
fiats and houses;. 25x125; very nicely
: situated In the Western Addition;
'• Pierce Bt. » -.
$10,000— Rents $«40 per annum; 2 elegant 3-story
:. modern houses; could be converted into
• 6 flats at a small outlay; 15:8x125: $6000
can remain at 6 per cent; Scott »t. •
$5,000— Rents $516 per annum: 2 flats and cot-
. . tage: brick foundation; bath: both
: streets accepted : $3300 can remain at 6
per cent; Fulton st..: well located: 27:6
: X120; -2 frontages'; this Is a bargain;
_ "¦ must be sold.
$7,000— Rents $630 per annum; bargain on ac-
count, of owner being a non-resident;
elegant Pacific Heights residence of 11
rooms and bath: salon parlor; large
closets: very sunny house.
$13,000— Rents $1326 per annum; substantial Im-
! provements; only 6 years old; cost $11,-
OC0 to build; 50x137:6; near Twelfth and
Howard sts.
$6,500 — Rpnts $C00 per annum: a real bargain;
Park residence: elegant new modern
residence of 10 rooms and bath; iiOx
. 121:10h*. ¦ ' . •
$L7C0 — £an Jose ave..: cozy cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; 26x90; easy terms.
$2, 1C0— Rents $336 per annum: near Seventh and
• ¦'Folgom sts.; store and 2 rooms and up-
per of 4 rooma; 25xS0.
$3,400^-Hcnts $360 per annum: to close an
estate: 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
and lot! Western Addition.
$3,500— Ker.ts S4^6 per annum; Clara St.; 4 flats
and lot ?7:6x75 ft.
$5,000— '.'nrner on: Castro St.; 3 frontages; 75x
2.V); will cut tnto 10 lots; this is a bar-
gain: small amount of cash.
$5,200— Very cozy cottage on Devisadero «t. ; 5
room;:, bath and basement; 27:6x100; • to
close an ostate.
$6,000 — K»r.ts $310 per annum: 2 nice modern
flats of fi and 5 rooms and bath each:
Oak St. ; short distance from Market
St.; large lot.
$3,700— Price greatly reduced; rents $480 per an-
num; corner on Harrison St.; 2 stores
and flats. . .
New Pocket Map of San Franci«co County —
£o cents.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale in every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$55,000— NW. corners Turk St., near Larkin;
137:t>xl37:6; rents ¥295; partially Improved.
$r.O,fiOO— Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend Fts. : 9;-x249 feet; two frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin st. — 77x137:6; modern
house of IS rooms.
$29.000— Market st., near Valencia: 3S:llV4xl24;
irregular to Sievenson St.; frame improvements.
$12,500— Union St.. near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:?xl2S:9; rents $97.
$S000— Ellis st., near Octavia; 25x120; house of
S rooms and bath.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
100; house Of 12 rooms.
$7000— Sacramento St., near Hyde; ' 35x120;
hcuf-e of 9 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$6500— Grove St., near Central ave.; 25x137:6;
new 3-story bay-window flats; rents $50.
Natoma st., near Tt>nth — 50x75; three houses;
rents $60; must be sold.
$6000— Vallejo St., near Mason; 48:l*ixl37:6,
with an L; 2 fiats and rear house; rents $64.
$6t 00— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents $4C.
$;,60Q — Green St.. near Dupont; 26:6x80; 3 bay-
window flats: rents $:.5.
$42i0— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6-room
cottage.
$3750— Ellis Bt.,;near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable.
Twenty-third St., near Dolores — 25x81:6; tWo-
Ftory house; 6 rooirs and bath; $500 down, bal-
ance same as rent; interest 6 per cent; must
be sold to close an estate; offer wanted.
. $2500 — Central ave., near Hayes St.; store and
4 rooms and bath: *.'xl00.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6— Corner Hayes and Lyon fits.
$8000— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6Sx98.
$00i'<i— Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.;
83x100; will subdivide.
$3f.f>0— Fulton, near Flllmore: 32:6x137:6.
¦ $.WO — Laguna St.. near Page; 25x100.
$27.->0 each— Post et.. near Devisadero; 2 lots.
80x90— W. line Cf Mission, S. of Army; 3 lots.
$22.'.i)— McAllister St., near Lyon: 25x100.
J17-Q — Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x105.
$15<in— Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
Jir.00— Union St.. near Pierce: 25:2x100.
260x125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th gts.
BOVEeF. TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
624 Market Bt.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
$35,000 — Third st.. near Market; large corner;
rents over $50C0 per year.
$S0,OC0— Third st., near Mission; extra large
:. lot; pays 6 per cent.
$20,000— Broadway, near Baker St.; N. side; lot
77:6x137:6 feet; good investment; grand
unobstructed marine view.
We have several choice water lots at
reasonable rates.
$19,000— NW. cor. on McAllister St., not far
from Laguna: Well improved in stores
and flats; rents $161 per month.
$10,500— Three, fine flats on Turk st.; rents $38
per month.
$10,000— Taylor st.; good house and 6 flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $38
per month; lot 46x90 feet.
$11,000 — Elepant new flats In Western Addition;
not far from City Hall; all latest im-
provements; rents $97 50 per month;
large lot.
$S. 500— Broadway, near Octalvia St.: N. side:
good house of 9 rooms and bath; extra
large lot: marine view.
$6,600— Larkln St., near Pine; house of 3 flats;
rents $63 per month; a good buy.
$2,150— Bis bargain; $350 cash and balance,
$1SOO: mortgage at 6 per cent; for fine
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; Mission
warm belt.
$19,000— Fine business corner on Mission st ; J
stores and flats: rents $170 per month.
$7,000—6 good flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath;
rents $S0 per month.
For further particulars and list apply at the
office of BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, 624 Mar-
ket Bt.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$450 to $800 — Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains;
sewered and graded; ready to build on; $10
monthly.
$250 to $900— Choicest Richmond building lots;
$10 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots; near Mlsilon-
st. and San Mateo electric car line; $5 monthly.
$£50 to $1000— For small cottages In excellent
locations, near cars: payments same as rent.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
FOR SALE BY '
HAWKS _ SKELTON.
323 Montgomery St.
$6.D00— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts.; 60x137;
fine site for building; Hyde or Unifin
et. cars.
$2.500— SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert; 41x62; fine
site for home or flats.
$5,500— Lot SW. cor. Grove and Devisadero;
34x110..
$3,250 — Lot W. line Devisadero, S. of Grove;
26x110.
$2,750— Lnt S. line Grove, W. of, Devisadero;
27x112.
$3,000— Lot SE. cor. Vermont and Solano; lOOx
110; near electric cars; a bargain.
J12.C00 — Double house: corner facing Park; mod-
ern 9 and 10 rooms; all look south; fine
for Investment or home.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery et
JOHN PFORR. 403 PINE ST..
Opposite' the Nevada Bank.
$19.000 — Hayes fit., near Laguna; 2-story house.
2 stores and 2 flats; lot 40x120 to rear street,
with house on that street.
$75(i0— Jackson st., near Buchanan; lot 60:6x
12S ; improved.
$20,000— Rent $1920 per annum: a fine property;
on O'Fnrrc-11 st. : Inside of Larkln.
$3400— Rent T360 per annum; nothing to beat It
as a business property.
$SO0O— Rent J7S0 per annum; 4 fine flats on Flll-
more st.: lot EOxSO.
$5750 — Rent $M0 per annum: a nice business
property; on (Jeary St.; store and flats.
$3000 eacli— Four splendid lots. 25x90 each, on
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) at., Just west of
Valencia.
$1500 each— Five lots. 25x70 each, on Clinton
Park, west of Valencia st.
$5600— Two new flats^ everything first-class;
Clayton, near Waller; terms to su4t.
$0000— 8-room residence; Buchanan, nr. Broad-
way; large lot; fine marine view.
$16.000 — Residence, 12 rooms: strictly modern;
Washington, near Van Ness ave. ; lot 40x127.
¦ JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st.
VERY cheap— Bush st., east of Larkln: nice
large residence, or could be turned into flats:
very sunny: 30x137:6. Apply on premises, 1225
Bush st.
RICHMOND Panhandle lots— $30 cash: $10 per
month; Interest at 7 per cent; Clement st.,
14th. 13th and Point Lobos aves. ; 25x127:8;
facing the new panhandle from the park to
the Presidio. G.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery et.
MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and bath. Bee
owner at 141 ! Twenty-seventh «t.
BEAUTIFUL Vallejo st. corner, 62:6x137:6- Pa-
clflc Heights. The McCarthy Co.. 646 Mar-
ket St. ¦ "
A— $12 CO a month will buy a home half block
from Mission St.; all new and modern; It con-
tains 4 rooms and bath. S. DUCAS. 11 Mont-
gomery st. • ¦ - .. •
$1300— MODERN 8-room house In choice location
on Waller st, near Pierce, 1 block from
Halght-st. ears: finished with marble stepa.
frescoed ceilings. .3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, I etc. ; terms one-fourth cash,
balance _0 monthly. Jb\ NELSON, builder.
REAL, 1STATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ' „„,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET STREET CORNER..
Near City Hall; 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor r
tunlty;only $43,500.
¦ .. H-STREET FRONTAGES. .
Several choice lets on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and. on eaey terms; get. par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27,500— Pacific ave. residence; elegant moderr
residence, 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for *n up-to-date home: lot 37:6xl22:b.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$32.500— Thiid-Bt. corner; 137:6x137:6; store and
flats; K«cd improvements; rents f2M. -
$37,500-Folscm st. corner: manuiacturing dis-
trict; 3 'rontage?: rents $170; lot 100x87:6. •
$11,000— Rents $113; Castro st. corner; stores
and flats; lot MxSO.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250-Ritch st.; 5 flats; rents $12 50: lot 22xS0.
$6000— Rents $65; Natoma St.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above: lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$26, 000— Price reduced; Washington St. resi-
dence, with fine marine view;- large garden;
sup all day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fail to see
this property.
• $27;.O— Richmond district: entirely new; 2 cot-
tafcros; modern In every respect; easy terms.
t335O— Sunset district; 2 handsome now mod-
ern residences, just completed; 6 - rooms and
bath and bnsement; lot 23x120; easy terms.
$4000— Steiner st., near Ellis: cottage 4 rooms;
lot 25x90.
VACANT LOTS.
$."000— Van Ness ave.; corner; 32tlO3.
$15,000-Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6x127:814;
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250— Mill Valley cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
partly finished attic; large lot; will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ONLY TWO LEFT. LAST CHANCE.
Those new fiou.«es on Clayton st. are all sold
with the exception of one 6-room and one 8-
room house. .Both have finished basements.
Price $4S00 and $55P0. respectively. Your own
terms— monthly installments If desired.. These
are the best houses In the city at the prices;
sunny, convenient and well built; charmingly
situated; fine view, etc.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery Bt.
LYON &. HOAG,
Real Estate Insurance.
114 Montgomery street.
Pretty New Homes at the Mission.
Only a few hundred cash required down.
Balance In small monthly payments.
$2S0O and $3300— Don't fall to see the "up-to-
date" houses, corner Twenty-third and
Church Rts.; contain five and six large
punny rooms and all the latest con-
veniences; fine view; no hill to climb;
take Mlsslon-st. cars, transfer to
.Twenty-second line, get off at Church
and Twenty-fourth sts.
On Account of Sickness, Handsome Flats
Sacrificed.
$10,750— Choice location in Western Addition,
close to town; three swell flats: new
marble steps; open plumbing; expen-
sive mantels; paying over 10 per cent.
$l*,S0O— Business corner, splendidly Improved,
with 3-story building: store and flats
above; rent $90; always rented: small
expense; on Howard st., close to town.
BIGGEST BARGAIN.
$4,000— Rent $33; business property; store and
flat In splendid location. Western Ad-
dition, east of Devisadero St.; im-
provements good: all rented; a snap.
WILL EXCHANGE EQUITY.
Handsome Home Sacrificed.
$S,500— Fine house on Dolores st., contains 10
big rooms; splendid basement; cost
over $10,000 to build; extra large lot;
60x117 to alley; pretty garden and
lawns; best part of the Mission; mort-
gage $7000.
LYON & HOAG.
REAL ESTATE— INSURANCE.
114 Montgomery St.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
626 Market 6t.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1S5S.
Post, near Jones: great future; lot 26:3x137:6;
EOld to close an estate.
$17,000— Fulton St.. between. Polk st. and Van
Ness ave. ; lot 50x120 to Ash ave.
$0500— Capp st., near Twenty .-third; rents $65;
flats all rented; 37:6x122:6.
$6500— Laundry: well leased: Lombard st.,
near Flllmore; 6S:9xl37:6.
Elegant residence just finished; Masonic ave..
near Frederick ft.; grand view of both ocean
and bay: 8 rooms, bath, attic, etc.: electric
wires, gas grates and sun in every room; price
only $6000..
California St.. adjoining corner Polk: lot 60x
87:6; must be sold to close estate.
$1600 — Cottage, nearly new; near Pacific and
Hyde; must sell.
$S00O— McAllister Bt., near. Laguna; rents $37;
lot £6:6x120 to Locust ave.
$8000— Harrison st.. near 10th: flats; rents $50;
only partially Improved; 75x100.
$5000— Baker St.. near Sacramento: t rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2000— North side Shipley St., near 4th; 20xS0;
rent $20; cheap.
$2300— Bryant st.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20: lot 20x80.
$4250— Octavia St., near Halght; an elegan
lot. for modern flats; 37:6x100.
$3500— Greenwich Bt., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$1500— Day st., near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot {5x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
FOR SALE BY
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
GRAND BUY.
$9750 — Rent $35: 3 elegant new modern flats;
large lot; very choice location In Western Ad-
dition; never been vacant.
CHEAP PARK LOT.
$3500—30x137:6; Oak St., opposite Golden Gate
Park.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT!
$85,000— Rent $450 a month; 4-story brick; per-
manent Improvements; close to Union square;
graded; lease secured.
A BIO BAROAIN.
$12,000— Rent $100; 3-story new frame building
of 62 rooms; 1H blocks from Call building.
$5625 — Rent $45; fine flats; few feet from Geary
and Taylor sts.
$1900— Rent $20; fine cottage of 6 rooms and
bath and stable; extra fine; must be sold at
ODce; termo to suit.
GRAXD BUSINESS CORNER.
$65,000— Rent $5C0; Eddy st, close to Baldwin
Hotel site; rare chance; full particulars at of-
fice.
j3000_Beatutiful cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
modern; close to entrance Golden Gate Park;
terms to suit; $S00 cash If desired.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st.
$1250— CHEAPEST lot In 'Western Addition;
street work done: Carl St., near Park; 25x
137:6.
$100 cash, balance like rent: new cottages;
4, 6 and 6 rooms and bath; one block to elec-
tric car.
J200-^-Two very cheap lots at Ocean View;
each lot 25x125.
$1500— Street bitumlnlzed: bay-window cot-
tage; Vi block to car; a snap.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
BANTA FE. SANTA FE.
Terminus Santa Fe Railroad.
Passenger travel starts to-day.
Get a lot before prices advance.
Fine, level lots. $100.
' Terms. $10 cash. $5 monthly.
Houses built to suit and sold on terms.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery Bt.
Sole Agents _. - Santa Fe.
SACRIFICE'.! To close an estate: for sale,
house and lot: good neighborhood; must ba
told; situate on Larkln St.. near Filbert; sac-
rifice price $3500. For further particulars ap-
ply room 603, Examiner building.
BARGAIN!! $700: lot on South California, near
Third ave.; 25x100 feet; this lot must be Bold;
title Insured by policy from California Title
Insurance Co. Apply room 603, Examiner
building.
At a great bargain, on easy terms, new S
room and bath cottage on Hoffman ave., near
Elizabeth. Heyman Tract; call to-morrow for
Inspection: open all day. "JACOB HEYMAN.
owner, 117 Sutter st.
PARK lots for sale on reasonable terms, near
ocean beach (Carville). JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sutter at. j
FOR SALE— $3600; an income property near
Pacific and Mason sts.; frontage 50x36; aver-
age rents $45 per month; to be sold to settle
an estate: no agents. A. SCHOHAY. Exe-
cutor. 30S Hayes at. __^
FOR sale— Northeast corner Waller and Shrader
sts.; Improved four stores and twoflats:brlngs
10 per cent on Investment. Owner. 624 Shrader.
ELEGANT modern home, 7 rooms, - bath:
ntreet work done; Khotwell st., near Nine-
teenth; lot 30x127; easy terms. H. FEIGE,
1058 Capp at. ¦
HOUSE and lot; cheap; Income $400. Call 727
. Clementina st. - ' . ' ¦ - ' '¦ ¦
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission *t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
- Call. 16 pages, : sent to any address ' In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
DC—ta_e oaid.
KKAl, ESTATE^ — COUNTRY— Fop Sale
ATTENTION HOME SEEKERS: •
We .-ire. subdividinz one of the finest pieces
of orchard land in the famous Santa Clara
Valley, known ts ¦ the ; San alartin ranch. "¦:
miles from San Francisco on the- main line; 2
trains daily: railroad station on the place;
town of Pan Martin part of the property with
Us $5000 school house; surrounded by beautiful
orchard h'crots; will sell in tracts to suit upon
payment of 2o per cent down, balance at 6 per
cent net; will refund fare to buyer; maps ana
photos at office. .
We have made arransements with the R. R.
Co. to sell excursion tickets on Sunday for $2 Ed
for round trie, cars leave Third and TownsenJ
sts at 9 a. m., back in city it 4:10 p. m.. giving
" hours on ranch- free carriage; our Mr. Bush
will accompany intending buyers each Sunday;
tickets good from Saturday to Monday, S3.
DAVID BL'EH & SON, It I't>st St.
FRESNO CO.: BARGAIN.
€30 acres of land all fenced and cross fenced;
situated on White Bridge road, about 12 miles-
west of. Fresno, en railroad to Collis;. railroad
station on the place; 250 acres in alfalfa, bal-
ance grain land; 163 head of: cattle, 50 -head
horses .(roadsters} 300 hogs; good house of S
rooms and bath; sheds, feed racks and incluJe3
all farming tools and machinery (2 mower?) and
includes 4 water rights: price on application,
will exchange for Al city property. .
SALE OR EXCHANGE.
S5 .tcres In Cnstro Valley, near Hayw'ards;
31F0 apricots, 16S0 prunes, 150 Uartlett pears,
1MQ cherries. 4000 gooseberries. 2J acres in cur-
rants, family orchard, with fine improvements
of every flefcrirtion: a beautiful and: profitable
home: value' $30;000; will exchange in part for.
good Oakland property; will divide.. . - ;
NAPA COUNTY BARGAIN.
50 acres, 2 miles east of Napa City; on
sprinkled county road; fine land and highly im-
proved; -1300 French prunes on river bottom
land, 200 Muir peaches, 3 ( .'O Blenheim apricots;
a family orchard nf piums, cherries, etc. ; 3000
trees In full bearing; 1 acre in potatoes, 1
acre in corn. . balance grain and hay: land
nearly level; 30 tons of hay In stack; new 'mod-
ern cottage of 6 rooms, hard finshed; situated
on knnll overlooking the valley:, barn with
men's house and toolhouse: 1 wagon, buggy anl
cart; fruit boxes. trayF and a complete outfit
of tools; crop is worth {1000; price $65uO; on easy
term,«.
$16,000. LOOK AT THIS. . JIS.OOC.
. Entire block. 300x300, on Sixth ave., bet. Nine-
teenth ar.d Twentieth. East Oakland, with ele-
gant buildings: lot handsomely laid out and ter-
raced; Improved with fountains, rare trees,
flowers, lawn and shrubbery; commands mag-
nificent view of Oakland. Lake Merritt. bay of
Pan Francisco. Mount TamaJpals and surround-
ing country: place has cost over J4U.C0O and Is
the cheapest place in the State; detailed de-
scription at office. ; • ' - -
LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN! .
A Magnificent Ranch and Paying Ferry.- . .
Situated within . the school district of the
growing city of Redding, Shasta Co.: consists
of S12 acres of fruit, grain, alfalfa, pasture and
wood land; 30 acres in bearing orchard. 5 acres
in vineyard. 200 acres . in grain, with large:
crop; comfortable dwellings • large barn; also a
fully equipped ferry find ferry franchise, which
pays interest en the -entire investment; this
ranch would subdivide beautifully into .one of
the most promising money-making places In the
State; can bo purchased on easy terms and at
a ereat bargain. Maps and photos, with full
particulars of DAVID BUSH & SON, 14 Poetet.
SUMMER RESORT PLACE. ~
For salo or Exchange, the place known ' as
Tocaloma. Marln Co.. N. P. C. R. R. station
on the plRce; hotel of 40 rooms and cottages
completely furnished and equipped; gas and
water; bar and bllllard-room; doing a good
business; open all th.e year; price on applica-
lion. DAVID BUSH & SON, 14 Post st.
A BARGAIN— Ea?y terms; 12 acres near La-
fayette: family orchard, well, 3-room house,
•4 chicken houses, barn; price $16^0: take $600
down; balance $100 yearly installments. • E.
GEHRING. 969 Broadway, room 30, Oakland.
42 ACRES in Napa Valley; modern house,
barn, water, vines, olives, fruit trees; etc. ; 3
miles from St. Helena: $2300. Address or call
evenings at 147 San Carlos st., S: F.
MARIN CO.. 26. miles from S. F.— $40 to $S0 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grata,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: (rood schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg., S.F.
BARGAIN; 117 acres good land, portion growing
sugar beets; fronts on main county road. ad-
Joining town of Pleasanton.' Alameda Co.;
must be sold; bank price $47 50 per acre;
mlgM subdivide. H. H. CRANE. 508 Cal. st.
$2.'0O— FIVE acres In Santa Clara: all orchard;
house, well, etc. SPARROW. 9 Geary, rm. 1.5.-
CHOICE country villa; near San BrunOi Box
1S53. Call office.
EIGHTY acres level and partly drained tule
land near city; fine for speculation; cheap.
Address H. box 1S22, Call office.
FOR SALE— Good-paying Investment; country
hctel: rented at $50. For particulars apply at
routhwest corner Eddy and Taylor sts. .
. ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY— Few choice lots left; 60x150
feet, $300; San Rafael water; elegant view Mt.
Tamalpais; 5 minutes' walk from Kent sta.,
10 minutes from Roes. Apply P. ROSS. Kent,
or C. H. STANYAN. 31 Market Bt.. S. F.
sax ii^^ajbi^reax^^stateT
FURNISHED—
Cottage of S rooms and bath $30
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath $50
House of 6 rooms and bath ' K3 ;
Flat of 4 rooms and bath $20
Housekeeping rooms $15
UNFURNISHED.
Cottage of 4 rooms - $12 I
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath .; $13 |
House of 7 rooms and bath $20 |
2 cottages of 5 rooms each, in Mill Valley.. $15 ,
"W. MUIR. B street.
' San Rafael.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
MILL Valley — Completely furnished tents and
cottage. Apply MRS. XORRINGTON. Camp
Rest, back o£ depot, or 24 Point Lobos, city.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE, Lease or Rent— 160 acres land; 6
miles from Callstoga; plenty of wood, water
and grass; 6 acres improved; house 4 rooms
and outhouses; In exchange for city property.
Address J. H. BROWN. 333 29th at. S. F.
UOOMS FOU HOUSEkEKPISO.
BRADY. 44. off Market— Furnished or unfur-
nlshed rooms: cheap.
BRYANT, 518 — Two large unfurnished sunny
parlors and kttcben; rent $12.
BUSH. 1203—4 rooms for housekeeping; fur-
nished; for three or four months.
CHANGED hands — The St. James House, Mc-
Allister and Laguna; housekeeping rooms; all
modern, fittings, $16 50 up; bath; telephone and
reception room; reference.
EDDY, 305— Sunny housekeeping rooms ; also
lodging rooma.
EDDY, 604— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms with kitchen; gas stove; coal stove.
ELEVENTH. 120—2 sunny furnished rooms;
stove and bath; modern conveniences; $12.
ELLIS, 618 — 2 or 8 sunny front rooms; gas
stove; closets; other rooms; rent moderate.
FELL 368— Sunny front room for lady with
a child: light housekeeping.
FIFTH 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping, $14; also
one, $7; single. $t and $5.
FOURTH. 225— Sunny front rooms, suitable for
llght'ho'ugekeeplng; also single.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport) — Furnished rooms
for housekeeping: range; also single rooms.
GOLDEN Gate ave., 334—4 pleasant furnished
rooms; adults; piano; bath, gas; storage.
GREEN, 417 — Three sunny ' connecting rooms;
neatly furnished; sunny yard; quiet place; $10.
HARRISON, 731— Three rooms, furnished com-
pltte for housekeeping; large yard; rent, $13.
HOWARD. f>25— Pleasant rooms; complete for
housekeeping; rent $6 and $d.
HOWARD, 649— Large front room for house-
keeping, In private family, with bath-
HOWARD. 650— Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 946 — 2, 3 or 4 furnished rooms;
housekeeping: sunny; hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1061—2 sunny completely furnished
rooms, $9; running water; also others.
HYDE. 410 — Sunny front alcove suite, complete
for housekeeping, $20; also other rooms.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front furn. room,
$9; also large back room, $7 50; 2 for hskplng.
LEAVENWORTH, 1603^ — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ; '
MARKET, 1533. b«t. 8th and 9th— 2 front sunny
connecting rooms, water, stove; also unfur-
' nlshed; rent 812 50 and $15.
MASON, 1111. near Clay— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas.
MCALLISTER. 220^. opp. City Hall-Large
sunny kitchen for housekeeping with bed
lounge; sunny bay-window rooms; small
rooms, $5 up.
MCALLISTER. 331— Unfurnished upper part of
house: 3 rooms; bath; gas; no children.
MCALLISTER, 903, cor. Laguna — Two nicely
furnished sunny connecting rooma: running
water; gas stove; for light housekeeping.
MINNA, 434— Large nicely furnished room, $J;
other rooms.
MISSION, 915H— 2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; newly renovated; private family.
MISSION. 1119— Sunny housekeeping room; new-
Jy furnished: $S per month; $2 per week.
MISSION. : 1275— Front room with alcove con-
necting room for kitchen;, furnished; coal
stove.
MISSION. 1430—2 large sunny housekeeping
¦ rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION. 1514. nr.' 11th — 2 large sunny rooms;
running water: Drivat» famiiwi tis month.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OAK, 12—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas or coal stove, and folding bed.- ¦ ¦ ¦
O'FARRELL, 742—2 to 4 nicely furnished
housekping rms.; complete; gaa, bath; phone.
PIXE, 1300, corner Hyde— Lower floor of 3
. larg? unfurnished sunny rooms; range; sink,
yard; $10. / . •¦ . : . . . .
POLK, £22— Large sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap. -.' ' ¦ .
TOST, 972—4 furnished rooms for housekeeping
' Call 1 to 3 cr 7 to S t>. m. . .
rOWKLL. 1401— 2 or 3 larse sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; kitcben, gas and bath.
SIXTH, 119A— 4 connecting roiras with piano;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 90— 2 or 3 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; $9 to $11. - . ¦ ;
STEVENSON'. £42. between Seventh and Eighth
: — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;. bath; cen-
: tral. .
TURK,. 332 — !. rooms-; parlor, housekeeping
room; running water; gas; reasonable.
TURK. E31— Housekeeping rooms in suites: (ras
range, running wattr, laundry; $13 50 and J20.
TWELFTH, 122. between Mission and Howard-
Housekeeping rooms; gas stove. :;
TWEXTT-THinD. 37?8. nr. Dolores — Four
rooms; nice, neat, complete: $15. ¦¦
VALEXCIA. 191—2 well-furnished rooms, sult-
: able for housekeeping; newly papered; use of
bath: $10. .' . . ¦ .'
TS— THREE or 4 rooma partly furnished for
housekeeping; nice cook stove. 3i>2 Do lores st.
$10— TWO furn. hskpg. rooms. 4 Martha pi.,
off Geary st.. between Mason and Taylor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Bent to any address In th*
. United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. anil Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to {1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A— POST, S.T5— Large furnished room; running
water; bath; private family. :. : ; ...
BURNETT, 1425 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, H1A— Large sunny room; suitable for
a gentleman; Si 25 week. • ..
CLAY. 1212A, bet. Taylor and . Jones— A nice
sunny room;- furnished; rent reasonable. :
EIGHTH. 112.— Three furnished; rooms I cheap.
FIRST. 305, Just above Folsbm— Upper part; 3
rooms; $3.' . ' ¦....'
FOLSOM, S34— $1 week: large sunny furnished
room; running water; -closet: bath; private.
FOLSOM.' 965, cor 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOURTH. . 222Vi— Nicely furnished rooms; $1
week and up; • moderate; quiet. • ¦••
FRANKLIN', 503— Large sunny rooms with or
without board; gas; bath; private family.
GEARY. 4C5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers aeeo'daced
GEARY. 5^6 — Elegant tunny parlors: piano;
• other sunny rooms; privilege light housekeep-
ing; phone.
GEARY. 66')— Elegant newly furnished sunny
' rooms, $6 and ud: «fentlemen only.
GOLDEN GATE AVE;, 730— Sunny front room;
very pleasant; $7. .
GRAXD SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d AHssion sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single., lg. (lies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 946 — Sunny front bay window rooms;
. also others: II to $2 Week.
HOWARD, SS9, cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable:- by day, week, or month.
J.ESSIE. 634>~— Furnished sunny single, or dou-
ble room; second floor ftoTit. . :
.'JONES. 117— Large front sunny room. 2 closets;
also smaller room; private.
LA'RKIN. 1004, near Post— Newly furnished
: sunny rooms; light housekpg; small rms.. $4.
LEAVENWORTH. 410—2 large sunny unfur-
nished rms. in basement; large yard; rent $7.
MINNA. 6fi7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, S73. corner Fifth— Large sunny suite;
; $17 50. -. ¦ . . ¦ '¦¦ " ; ;¦¦¦¦
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished
rooms- 35c a day up; $2 a week up: transient.
OAK, 119— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, $3; also
.. furnished rooms; reasonable. : '
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
. offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
; O'FARRELL. 319— Nicely furnished room; suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen. • .
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
gle; transient; running .water; rates reduced.
: ROSEDALE House.319 and 321 Ellis sL— Rooms,
I night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to.$4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading rcom. smoking room and ladies'
parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, il
to $3; month $3 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 649— Neat furnished rooms;
private family: $1 and upward.
SAX ANTONIO— Up-to-date fireproof building:
elevator; new furniture; ocean water baths;
suites and tingle rooms: appreciated when
seen: popular prices. 21 Taylor st.. near Mkt.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished front and back parlors;
suitable for doctor's office or dressmaker.
STOCKTON, 242, "Union-square House" —
Choice rooms; reasonable.
SUTTER. 319— Nice sunny single rooms for gen-
tlemen for $2 E0 per week up; also en suite.
TAYLOR. S15 — Bay-window parlor; gas; bath;
piano; $15: $10. sunny room.
TAYLOR, 611— Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites or single; prices reasonable.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRTEENTH, 307—2 furnished rooms; cheap.
THIRTEENTH. 329. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms: stove; running
water; rent $9.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The "Weekly Call,
16 t>ages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BOOMS AND nOARD.
CALIFORNIA, 807— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates: special rates families: sunny rms.,
en suite or single; best table in San Francisco.
HOTEL DEXNISTOX. corner Valencia and
Twenty-first sts.: warm belt; choice sunny j
rooms: single and en suite; $25 and $53 and j
up; first-class.
HOME and care for old lady; city or country;
Inside; $15. Box 1S70. Call ofn>«.
THE BRADBURT.1B04 California— New modem
family hotel: excellent table: 100 beautifully
furnished rooms: moderate: phone Hyde i77U
TWEXTY-SIXTH. 3377. near Mission— Xicely
furnished sunny x rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
MASON. 12A— Board and rooms, S3 50 a week
up; home cooking.
LAS PALM AS, 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— Small storeroom and 3 or 4 living
rooms.. Box 1S57. Call.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
LADIES— Chic hester's English Pennyroyal PJllt
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION' I
CO.. 4ir» Montgomery St.. room* 9-10: tM. &S0. j
SEWING MACHINES AND SU1MM.1ES. I
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran- j
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th. !
ALL kinds bought. soM. exchanged, rented; i
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. ;
UBTOUAGB AM) WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered ;
vans. Tenth and Market: phone' South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- !
pany, 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St..
tel. Main 1S4P — Packing, moving and ytnrage.
'1 » k'Vto HI I Kill AM) MlTl-lhV
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main KS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
: AI.AMEOA HOUSES,
TO LET— House of 7 rooms and bath. Key at
SH San Antonio ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
• BERKELEY UEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
A new modern house of 7 rooms and bath,
attic, basenK-TH. etc.; up to date In every re-
spect; no expense spared: built for own occu-
pation: owner going East: special attention
given to plumbing; situate en large lot; X
blocks of collect-: grand view.
Aprly to O. G MAT & CO..
Berkeley Station.
SC-XXV— A MODERN' up to date residence of 7
rooms, attic, basement, etc. ; lar^e corner Int.
60x100; street york done; 2 blocks of college:
owner coins East.
ApDly to O. G. MAY & CO.
Berkeley.
FINE business lot at Ashby station at a bar-
rain: will douhlf in value In six month*.
WUIJTS. Seventeenth st. and : Broadway.
$2T:i' 1 — IN BerkPley. nenr university: eottag* 5
rooms and bath: beautiful garden: lot 50x133;
only Sir.O down: monthly payments to- suit.
Address box 1S31. Call office.
C. C. BEMI3. Heal Estate and General Land
Aser.t. 224 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner let 87xloO. with modern
house of 9 rooma.
CHKAPEST and r^t In Amer!ea-The Week'.y
Call. 16 pflste*. smt to any a.«ldres9 in tha
United States or Canada <jfte year for SI.
FWnLEADTiTISEJNTS
FULITVALE 11EAI. ESTATE.
FOR SALE RT II. A. PLEITXER.
Cottage of 3 roor^s. barn, chicken-house,
fruit treea. etc.; lot 40xl3o.
Jo.'O — House ot 4 rooms and basement; large
uhicken-houae; good well and pump: lot 50x110;
$li"-o cash balance on your own terms.
$700— House oi 4 rooms and basement: fruit
trees, etc.; lot 5"x:K); ?100 cash, balance H2 per
month.
SSjft— Bay-window cottage of 3 rooms ana
bath; hall, front and back pnrch. basement,
etc.; only 3 blocks from local train; easy terms
If desired.
$0,-0— New house of 3 large rooms, pantry an;l
closets; 6-foot basement; good brick founda-
tion; chicken-house: lot TOxlOQ; fenced ami
crors-fenced; ll.'.O cash, halance same as rent.
SHCO— A sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
ami bath.' basement, etc.; lot ioxl4T; one bl^ciC
from electric cara; must be sold: only iluO cash.
balance snme ' as rent; an opportunity worth
investigating.
J120<>— House of 6 rooms, hljh basement, all
floored; stable, chicken-houpe; good well and
purr.p; corner lot ITDzlSft all fenced.
J1SW— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; choice fru'.t
treff; house of 3 rooms ar.d basement: barn: 13
chlcken-house3, 2 incubators, brooder houses,
chickens, etc.
For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITN'ER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FOREST PARK TRACT. '
47 LOTS SOLD I>T 60 DAYS.
47 LOTS FOLD IN 60 DAYS.
20 Houses I'.uilt or in Course of Construction.
20 Houses Hullt or in Course of Construction.
Only 15 Choice FOREST PARK Lots Left.
162 Feet Above Sea Level. Fin* Climate,
Splendid View. Trees, Shrubbery .etc.
$100 cash, balance easy terms — Orchard; nica
shade trees; new and modern: elegant location.
Jl.W-Elegantly located lot; fine soil.
J3T.0. SCO down, balance about $4 per month —
Three rooms; new; good lot; fine view; nealihy
location.
$6C0. JJO down, balance $S per month— High,
healthy; grand 'view; fine soil and climate.
J7i0 — Lot 7JX173: 3 rooms: new.
jltf-fl — Another nne: 4 rooms; city water.
$300. S10O d>wn. balance like rfnt— I-ir^e lot;
sewer; city water; ctose to cars and .-:.it! ¦:.:
3 rooms; hish basement: new.
JIOC'O, $100 down, balance same as rent— 4
rooms, complete; new.
Lots of Others at Various Prices
Easy Terms r.n KvprytMng We Have to sSell.
MONEY/ TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
THE HOME Rl'ILDINU COMPAXT.
FTultvale office, half a block above Frultvals
Station.
|20,noo— 121 ACRES best valley land: good 4-
room house, barn, well; a!so 142 acres hay.
grain cr vegetable land, crops ami st.->ck: aJl
must be sold immediately; great sacrifice;
chicken ranches of 3. 5 or 10 acres at $!;•>
per acre; some nice residences and buiidine
lots cheap. Apply to A. WHELTOX, Agent.
San Leandro.
LOOK! $4 and J5 a front foot for lots only 'i
block from Fruitvale ave. ; think of it; noth-
ing like them elsewhere for double the money.
S*e H. W. DAVIS. Sole Agent. Fruitvala
ave., 1 blcck from station.
LARGEIots I»sl43. $100 and up; all lsrel lanj
and fine ground; only 5 minutes' walk from
electric car and near school. Call C. SEITZ
1107 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
$J50— HOUSE of 4 rooms: lot 50xl",0; good
purnp: Ji:0 cash, rest $10 a month. C. SEITZ
1107 Twer.ty-tb.ird ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL. ESTATE-
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
603 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
>400 each— 3 choice residence lota In West
. ¦ - Oakland; 31x111 each: close to local
. . ¦ trains and railway shops; street work
¦ - all done.
$000 each — 4 choice residence lots In East
Oakland, on East 14th St., near Lake
Mermt; 36 feet front each; great bar-
gain.
$4,000 — Charming 7-room house on Linden St..
near ISth; lot 50x125; house handsomely
. finished; cost over £i(0; bank mort-
gage of £500 can remain; balance will
exchange. •
$3,730— In- Peralta Heights. East OakTand;
large corner lot; fine S-room residence;
'..cost present owner over $3300; bank
mortgage, 1730; will exchange for good
residence lot In San Francisco.
$6,500 — Beautiful Alameda home; ' house con-
tains 9 rooms, bath and all modern im-
provements;- lot 50x150: no mjrtsrage;
owner will exchange for Oakland or
Berkeley property. ¦_:/';
$H,0CO— 1C00 feet frontage; charmingly situated
- .In Berkeley; mortgaeed for $LT0: owner
will exchange equity for good ranch
property: fine chance for contractor:
" " - . houses will sell as fast as built.
SUNNY HOME IN PIEPJfONT.
$2650 — Modern Eastlake cottage of 8 rooms,
-with high basement anl northwest corner
lot: only 1 block from the cable cars; a very
cozy, comfortable place: occupied by owner;
can be seen at any time; see photo at office;
terms can be arranged.
GEOr.GE W. At'STIX * CO..
Real Estate Brokers.
'-¦ '.-.¦> : IOCS Iiroa<iway, Oakland.
! J2IC0— RENTS J2S per month; corner store with
( fiat of 5 rooma anil stable:, good business lo-
cation: 5 blocks from Broadway: very sunny;
street work all done; good tenants-.
GEORGE AV. AUSTIN & CO..
¦ Real Estate Brokers.
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
BUT DOWNTOWX FOR GOOD RENTS.
I $21C0— Pays $24 per month: 2 fiats of 5 rooms
! each within two blocks fvf Broadway, down-
town: pays over 13 per cent: owner away and
anxious to sell.
":.; -¦ geo. w. austtn * co.,
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
$1350— EASTLAKE cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
i high basement: lot 2^x140 feet: sunny front:
close to San Pablo ave.: street work all done;
walking distance of the City Hall: must sell
on account of mortgage.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Broker*.
i003 Broadway.
SEE SALISBURY QUICK.
Elecsnt 7-room house In Fruitvale: large lot.
stable, etc.; strictly up-to-date; $1000. only
*C."0 cash, balance to suit. Many ether bar-
gains at 4"i Ninth St.. Oul.iml.
I $10O CASH: monthly payments as lo-— rent t!lt
i paid for: modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
! bath, pantry, closets, high basement, brick
j foundation;. all fenced; fine well of water, all
fret clasn; 2 fine lots, one a corner: price, all
| told. 1985: city water If desired: street macacl-
1 amized; nice homes all around: ntar 3 lines of
i electric roads and fine schoolhouse and wl •»
i avenue; no fog or cold winds here; Allendala
; Tract, adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular. 4:~ Seventh St.. -near cor. Broad-
way. Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner
OAKLAXD IIOUSES TO _^T.
A LARGE list of furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. Apply to E. E- BU.VCE, 90f
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD K I' KMT II UK KOK SA'.B.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. ta»
furniture dealer. 11th and Frar.klir. Onlcland.
For Additional Classified Advertlsa-
ments See Page Thirty.Blazing Arrow Tribe, the local "baby, it,
also advancing. On the 12th inst. It
adopted three palefaces, conferred the
warriors' degree on four and the chiefs'
degree on six candidates. - :
Altahmos Tribe has had much of Its
time taken up lately with new by-law*,
but it is still advancing to the front. On
the Cth inst. the tribe adopted three pale
faces and on the 13th conferred the War
riors' degree on three for its own -tribe,
three for Manzanita Tribe and one foi
Pocahontas Tribe. The degree team ot
this tribe will take part in the next com
petitive drill before the great council In
August and will try hard to carry off first
honors, as It did last year. .
The sixth anniversary of the institution
of Montezuma Tribe was celebrated last
Tuesday night by a grand entertainment
and ball In the assembly hall in the Post
street wigwam. There was an excellent
programme of varied numbers and an ad
dress by Judge G. H. Cabaniss, and then
dancing until midnight.
J. F. Schneider of the Hawaiian Islands
Is In this city. He Is a member of Ha
waiian Tribe of Honolulu, which has a
membership of seventy-five. The mem
bership is confined exclusively to native
born or citizens by adoption of the United
States. - ¦'¦'•¦¦•";
Reports from nine -State Great Councils
show a membership gain in the aggregate
of 12.999 in the past twelve months. Penn
sylvania . had a gain of 6500 . and . Indiana
followed with 32-14. . . ; $£BB3BSEB!%&!g¥$M&M
Yosemite Tribe is Bteadlly Increasing, in
numbers. tThe tribe In addition, to doing
Its own, degree work recently conferred
tho adoption derrree on six palefaces foi
Blazing Arrow Tribe. .
Improved Order of Bed. Men.
The -rnemUcrs of the' San Kranclsco
councils, of the Royal . Arcanum on : th&
evening .of- the 28th . of June celebrated
Arcanum day, the- anniversary of the
fburi-darion of the order, by giving an en
tertainment "and. ball' in the Shlels build
ing. The attendance of members and
their friends- was. large, .' and • the pro
gramme tbat.was presented was a'very
enjoyable •one. The ntimbers were con
tributed by FTed Head, ..Miaa Gertfei'
Rotholtz, William M. Ogllvey. M.' S, de
Roco, Jilrs. Evelyn W, Dickey, Little Tes
eie Rotholtz, Louis F. Kline, "Mabel. H.
Smittoh. Margnret Davis and Edith Xor
man Klock. Grand Regent L. A. Spencer
delivered a very interesting- address on
the scope and growth of the order, alter
which it was "on with the dance" until
midnight. A. G. Hebgen was the floor
manager and Dr. M. Neumann was chair
man and T. G.- Hodgkins secretary of lire
committee of arrangements.
Boyal Arcanum Day.
'Court Robin Hood will give aa enter
tainment and "ball on the'.luth lrist.
-•Thetourt Independence Social 'Club ¦will
hold a picnio at Biiena.. Vista /Park, Marin
County, :oh the 4th .inst. •; -. . : • : '
; Recording: Secretary -O'BTien will bis in
Nevada City oh the 9th ihst. and in Grass
Valley on the 11th on behalf of the order.
Court Ivanhoe of the: Ancient Order of
Foresters -recently . gave vp.its : charter
and applied for a charter in the Foresters
of America.,' which- was : granted. This
court ¦ was- -instituted, by Grand ¦ Chief
Ranger Asher; assisted by Grand Subchief
Hecnan and Grand; Recording Secretary
O'Brleri. • ¦••-. ¦¦ ' • ' .¦'•..• .
The courts are getting ready for. Instal
lations.'' •-. : -.¦..'."'.•.'.' "-¦---.
Court Columbia No! 55 of the Foresters
of America, gave one of its social evenings
on th> 19th of. last month and the mem
bers had a verj' enjoyable time, as they
always have onl like occasions. In about
four nionths.thls court has increased its
membership , from fif tj- to .one hundred
and twenty— five, and the- members are
still adding to the . membership roll. On
the date given seven strangers were, ihiti-.
ated, and .at that time* there were still
twelve applications lo be acted upon.
.This .court- .is; -working to- become, the ban
ner -court numerically of- the order. John
Thompson, a member', was by .'the 'court
presented a handsome- embkrnjatic jewel
in recognition of his services for the good
of- the court in bringing a. large number of
candlda;tes ; who ;were initiated. = :.
Foresters of Airierica.
Xext Tuesday evening will be an event
ful one In. Court : Yorba-. Buena. . That
evening/ the court will: elect delegates to
the h|gh. court that will meet : in Santa
Cruz, will complete the organization oi
taVIIes' court and the.' high chief ranger
will pay the court a. Yi?it. • ¦ ¦ ¦'. ¦
In the- past twelve rtionths the Inde
¦P'cnd.eht"Foresters...)ia\'e"pai.d in .this State
¦oehpflciary': certiflcate's amounting in tjie
aggregate to' $92-,(mj(). ¦ The- average time- of
pa-ymt'ril :-was eighteen day>s aftfr.r proof of
death.. .."¦ ; •¦ . ¦¦"¦ ¦. ¦: .¦'¦ : •¦' •
On the evening of the 10th Inst. there
will be a meeting Of. the local deputies in
Ked Men's Hall, on which- occasion the
question of. having the : .Jndepiendent For
e8te.rB'.ln the big parade, on Admission
day will fee discussed. •'. • ' . ' - :
High Chief Ranger George A. McEl
fresh arrived in this city last week on a
tour of visitations to courts in this city
and vicinity. Last Monday he was with
Court Valley Bonita at Livermore, on
Tuesday he was with the court at Pleas
anton, 6n Wednesday he attended a meet
infr of Court Precita. at which there was
the largest attendance that there has
l>eenln 'nny local court for many months;
on Tnursday he visited Court Cerito at
San Mateo, and on Friday lie was with
the court In Oakland. To-morrow night
he. will visit Court Seal Kock and on
Tuesday he will be with Court. Yerba
Bueria. ' ' . • ¦ • ¦
Independent Foresters.
The grand recorder paid a visit to Santa
Rosa Lodge last week and delivered an
address on the order and its progress in
this. State.
Grand Master Snook and Grand Re
ceiver Booth visited the lodge at Maylield
last week. ' .
The committee .also visited Sts. John
Lodge and there were a number of ad
dresses under good of the order. : The
speakers were District Deputies Bowman
and - Stock and .Messrs. ' Lagensderfer,
Meyer and other members of the visiting
committee. Special Organizer Hawley
also addressed the meeting.
Dprlng the past -week members of the
extension committee visited Triumph
Lodge, at which there was a fair attend
ance. . There were addresses by Special
Deputy Walter Malloy and District Depu
ties. Bowman, Meyer and Black and by
Special Organizer Hawley.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
SEATTLE, June 30— The report that the bark
Mercury. Is ashore at Cape Nome is not verified.
. : . - DOMKSTIC PORTS. \. . -
" GRAYS ¦ HARDOK -^ Sailed June 'SO — Bktn
Gardiner City, for Ban Francisco. .
ST MICllAELr-In port June 19— Blctn Marn
lhc Star. • •;¦ . •-. ¦ . '
MISCT^LLANEOU8.
ARRIVED.
. ¦ Saturday, Jun« »0t
¦ Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, SO hours from. N«w
port and v/ay ports.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen. S days from Coqullle
River. ... • •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
merit in the order and at the same timq
express thtir resreta that she had de
cided to part fro:a them. She vim* the
Kuev.t of honor at a banquet and the re
tlpUnt of many floral trtbtrtea. Judge R.
C. Rust; rreskler.t of the Grand Parlor of
the Native Sons, was present and deliv
ered a very eloquent address expressive
of the hiph esteem in which the people of
Amador County and Sutter Creek in par
ticular hold Mi.«s Frakes.
; Fremont Parlor has chansed its meet-
Jns I lace from Native Sons' building: to
tr.e Foresters' huildins. 102 O'Farrell
strrf-t. and v.Ul meet there on Wednesday
niKhts.
y.iris Souci Parlor at its last held meet
ing hnd a prood attendance to wolcom*
hack Mrs. Osierman ar.d Mrs. Brown its
delejnitei to the Grand Parlor. After the.
me-tinp the pilgrims from Jackson were
entertained in a manner that was most
flattering to them.
Mrs. Kma Gctt. srrand president, was
tendered a reception Inst Friday nlsht in
}' . i « roC T^ €r Art Gallery. Sacramento, by
Calafta. Parlor Xo. 22. of which she Is a.
mem...r. It wr».3 a delightful affair.
J B White. Selma
J Moioney, Riverside
J D Morrow, S Jose
6 W Campton. Sacto
G A Bersin. Fresno
3 G Darlins, Madera
J Klnr. L Anjf .
J Thompson & f. Or
W Chlnn, Vallejo
W Garrett, Modesto
J G Bergman. S Josa
J Wacner. Buffalo
C IJrown, Newark
T O'Connor. Manila
N Y Woods. Manila
P F Qualn. Manila
E Keevun,- Manila
E Eck. Manila
B Fisher, Rodeo
O Schroeder, Benlcia
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Franklin; N Y
A Browne. Australia
A K Thorp/ England
3 r> Tumcliff. England
Say rj ¦ i ,D«[i».\\ r V
J L> Smith, Danville
F A Stelger, Vacavillo
G Pelrano,, S Jone
G K Houdan. Oak
II Wallace. Nome
R M Saltzer, Redding
B R Miller & w, St L
C O Wiggins, Philadl
Mrs L P Frost. Exeter
A Brown, Australia
C J Wall<jul8t, Sacto
G H Wallqulst, Sacto
A J W'allquis*. SactO
W WntkiiiK,/ Moscow
E Hez Sffen Wanh
Mrs M Henrlck. Chic
Mi;<s B Henrlck. Chic
B Dickinson. B Lomnd
H B Chase. Portland
J A Costa & ». y .Tose
Mrs L B Moore. Stkn
A Baungast, Plymouth
I.Irs 11 B Stewart, Oak
Mrs C B Beldlne, Stkn
J A Hailon. Cal
H C Glass. Cal
Rev P Kearns, Snok
D M Hansen, Vallejo
C B Bill, 8 Joae
GRAND HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
*<I H Bowman, Toledo
H C McPike. Oakland
I> K Drake, N Y
W K Nichol. N y
J M Meineer. 11 S A
G B Cash. USA
E B Webster, Wash
V M Vlckery. N Y
A W Whitlock. Ky
J E Baker. Whatcom
Lortl and Lady Francis
Hope, London
K V Turner. Sydney
T Brown & w. USA
V Muller. USA
Vf E Horsa. USA
Miss Kelso. Melbourne
J R Lang. Melbourne
J Merrylees. N Y
«5 S Terril, Sydney
Miss M Davis. Rnelnd
C Perry, Sydney
!"> S Crocker. Sydney
W A Willincham. Va
B Wrlsht. wash
J O llaynes. Cairo
Miss Haynes. Cairo
H K Grezory. L Anc
\V V Nott. L AnK
W l'rldham. L AnK
J G Mulr. Wash
R JI Herron. L Ant
I R North. Baltimore
W R Scott, Chicago
W B D^vereaux. Cal
iC C Carpenter. U. S N
A W OtiF, Boston
J W Heller. USA
Major Blddl?. USA
J Eisendrath, Chicago
M Rosenlilum. Chlcaro
R E Hyde & W, Cal
BO^OOJS '3U|3ppiU B-II'I
Mrs Moore. Stockton
S Jones LoulHVllle
J S Elliot. N Y
r>r Lindsay. Salt LaUe
Mrs Lindsay. St I-ake
HOTEI, ARRIVALS.
The Elks.
The members of the lodge of the best
people on earth at San Diego on the 19th
lnst. ¦ gave a reception to those who a
short time before participated In the
opera of "Marltana" that was presented
for the benefit of that lodge. It was an
informal affair, given' under the direction
of Eugene Daney. L. R. Lancaster. It. C.
Jones. L. H. Works and C. R. Stewart.
A number of the choicest numbers of tho
opera were offered and greatly enjoyed
by those who were invited to 'be. present.
San • Francisco Lodge elected nine
strangers to become members of the
lodge during the current month. Grand
Esteemed Loyal KnJphf J. O. Reis will
be nccompanied to the Grand Lodge ses
sion -to be held in Atlantic City on the
10th inst. by the entire Pacific Coast dele
gation. From reports received it is al
most certain that Mr. Reis will be elected
grand esteemed leading knight. About
Sixty membors of this lodge have signi
fied their intention of attending, the
Fourth of July celebration in San Jose
under tho auspices of the Elks of that
city. San Francisco lodge now has 310
enrolled members, has sixteen applica
tions on file and $3000 In Its general fund
and has the handsomest lodge room in the
city.
Vallejo Lodge is making good progress.
It has 100 of the best people on earth. It
is arranging for an Elks' night and a la
dies' night.
Redlands Lodge, instituted about a
month ago, has already a membership of
ninety-two, and six applications received
at the last held meeting were referred to
an appropriate committee. The members
are working to secure a hall for Its exclu
sive use. The prospects,are that they will
succeed.- HW"li# i|ftHI"»^limwn*tijf"liiniW
Oakland Lodge la still on the upward
: The Kebekahs. . _'¦¦
On the evening of the 23d inst. Amity
Rebekah Lodge, gave an entertainment
and dance in the banquet hail of the Odd
Follows' building. The- affair was well
attended by members and friends and an
enjoyable time was had. ¦ The programme
presented included, a piano recital by Mrs.
Fannie IgoJ.vocal.soloa, Mr. McPhee, Mr.
Fritz anu Robert Burns; whistling solo.
Mr. "Alexander; recitation'In'the sign lan
guage by Mahel Gunee,..a deaf mute, tho
thoughts being translated bv Mrs. Hud
son; recitation. Miss Berry; Scotch dances
by little Miss Smith' The committee wa*
composed of Mrs.- Hutchings, Mrs, Ludlow
and J.-Murray. • " ' . j ' •¦''¦. .- :
The several lodges of the Rebekans in
this city will be Installed this month on
the following dates: JLoval- on the 2d.
Templar on the' 7th.. Jubilee on the 10th.
Oriental oh the llthv Amity on; the 14th,
Cnliforn.la on the 2Js<t. and Mission an-the
2Sth. The Installing officer will, be Mrs.
Kola Mv Cyrus, assisted by Mrs. Alma
Jarisen as grand marshal. .
'.Oriental. Lodge at Us last held meeting
Initiated three candidates. '. . - •
Mrs. Mary. E. Donoho, secretary of the
assembly, Is sending out the Journal of
the-proceedings of the recent session of
the- California Assembly. It Is a- well
gotten- up volume of much that is of In
terest to the members of the order and Is
illustrated with a fine half-tone picture of
the Junior president of the assembly,
Mrs. Carpenter, one of the board of di
rectors df the. orphans' home, also one of
the home. .
The installation of the officers of Loyal
Chapter will take place to-morrow- night
and it fs expected that there will be a
large attendance to witness the cere
mony. :' •-'*•. :.-• ..-.
The officers of Yerba Buena' Lodge will,
beinstalled oh the 5th.- those of . Parker
I^odge on the 12th, those of Morse Lodge
on the 13th and those :of Western 'Addition
Lodge on the 11th inst. -. •" • :
• Yerba= Buena -Lodge will celebrate its
forty-sfl'yenth anniversary on the 12th inst.
There will be a literary programme and a
dance. : ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ • ¦• ¦ . ¦ .
cal polo by H. A. I> ri.edlander, parlor
tric-kg by Professor. Lamitte, recitation try
R..M. .Lawrance, and. cornet solo by Mas
ter .Clemence Byron. . . ' .
The Veteran Odd Fellows paid a fra
ternal visit, to Parker Lodge ''last Thurs
day night and were well received and en
ter.tained.. Many Interesting, addresses
were delivered. : . . '¦
During the past week Occidental Lodge
initiated three ' candidates. Pacific Lodge
two and Yerba. Euena -and ¦ Abou. Ben
Adhem ono each. . ¦ . • •: -. ¦ .
There .will' be a Joint Installation of the
officers .'of Pacific and Golden West lodges
on tho. 3th inst. Deputy James Davles
will- be' the installing officer.
On the night, of the- 5th lns.t. the officers
of Presidio Lodge will be. installed by
Deputy J. F. Nichols with that dignity
arid impressivoness which has in the past
marked : all the: fratrrnal- work, of this
very Indefatigable member of the order.-
Order of Eastern Star.
,
;
Goldrn Gate Chapter No. 1. Order of the
Eastern Star, will at the close of the busi
ness meeting noxt Thursday, have exer
cises appropriate to the day of independ
ence.
Last Tuesday there was an unusually
large attendance of members of Ivy
Chapter in Golden Gate Hall to witness
the initiation of candidates by the offi
cers. In addition to the membership
there was a very large number of visit
ors from other chapters. In all there were
about two hundred present. Among the
visitors were Grand Patron Darling, Mrs.
¦\Villats, grand, secretary; Mrs. Anna M.
Johnson, grand conductor; Margaret Ella
Bradley, matron of Golden Gate Chapter;
Mrs. Emma Carter, matron of Harmony;
Mrs. Alice Frances Hickle, matron of Mis
sion Chapter; -Miss Melllsa Gordon Mc-
Conkey, matron of Olive Branch Chapter;
Mrs. A. M. Blade, matron of King riolo
mon Chapter: Mrs. Warren, matron of
! an Arizona chapter; Florin L. Jones of
Golden Gate Chapter, J. C. Kimball of
Harmony and A. M. Blade of Kins Solo
mon. The strangers who were Inducted
into the mysteries of the order were Ku
fus E. Ragland and Mrs. Ragland and
George W. Bower, the work being per
formed (in a. manner that excited the ad
miration of all present) by the worthy
matron, Mrs. Frances Bonnifleld; the
worthy patron, Roy Kimball, and the
rest of the officers. The manner in which
the patron performed his work was the
subject of many words of commendation,
his delivery of the memorized work en
trusted to him being exactly as it was In
tended by the one who prepared the rit
ual. After the work of the evening there
was served in the banquet hall "a colla
tion that was a collation," it having been
prepared under tho superintendence of
Mrs. M. L. Reddick, chairlady of the com
mittee. This was so well arranged that
it was the unanimous opinion of all that
in future none but Mrs. Reddick ought to
be placed at tho head of the collation
committee. During the evening a number
ot t=peeche3 were delivered by many of
those present and a most enjoyable even
ing was spent.
At Its next meeting Beulah Chanter will
have a social hour after the routine busl
nessl. •
Mrs. Fannie T. McCowen, the grand
matron, hfistinlshed her tour of the chap
ters in the State of Nevada. She has
found them all prosperous and in all she
held a school of Instruction, except in the
one at Austin. On her way home she will
visit a number of chapters and will in
stitute one In Windsor, Sonoma County.
San Jose Chapter No. 31 is making ex
tensive preparations for the entertainment
of the representatives to the Grand Chap
ter that Is to convene in that city next
October.
The Odd Fellows.
The Installation of the elected and ap
pointed officers of Apollo Lodge No. 123,
I. O. 6. F.. on the night of Friday, the 6th
inst., promises to be one of the grandest
affairs of the kind of tfie current year.
The event will be in the assembly hall of
the Odd Fellows' building, and Oriental
Encampment No. 57, Berkeley Lodge No.
270, Loyal Rebekah Lodge No. 215 and
Cantor. San Francisco No. 5, Patriarchs
Militant, will assist in the ceremony. In
addition to the installation ceremony
there will be a muslcale, a drill by the
Patriarchs Militant and dancing. In order
that all who shall attend may not b« dis
turbed the committee of arrangements
has decided that children shall not be
permitted In the hall.
Last Tuesday night the membership of
Hermann Lodge pave • an entertainment
in the Eureka Hall of the Odd Fellows*
building, which was followed by a dance
and the serving of refreshments to the
members and guests. Those who availed
themselves of the opportunity to be pres
ent crowded the hall to its limit; in fact,
there were so many there that when danc
ing was announced a great number of
those present were forced to join the "cor
ridor Iurisje"- to give the dancers a chance.
The affair, which was-a great success,
w;is under tho direction of A. II. Dreck
woldt, M. R. Jager, E. Ubner and J. King,
the first named being the floor manager.
The-numbers on. the programme were a.
piano solo trv Mrs. Englebrlght.'. cornet
solo by Professor Todd. fancy dance by
Gertie Rotholtz, exemplification of the
Delsnrte movements by Miss Mart'n. vo-
boom. It has reached the 300 limit and
there is some talk of raising the Initiation
fee.
Reno Lodge No. 557, the fourth to the
credit of Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler
Frank L.. Gray, vras instituted with sev
enty-two charter members at Reno last
night. A banquet and a general good time
followed the ceremonies.
Deputy Grand Kxalted Ruler Kennedy
has also done well in the line of organ
izing. Throuph the efforts of the depu
ties named, California heads the list of
jurisdictions that have organized new
lodges.
I The Druids.
The session of the Grand Grove having
closed and the delegates hav'.ns returned
to their respective homes, work for the
good of the order has been resumed. The
reports that are coming In show that tlio
spirit infused during the term of James
F. Martlnoni as Noble Grand Arch has not
died out, but that the membership pro
poses to keep up the- active work that
was inaugurated by him.
Orange Grove of Los Angales, the baby
of the order. Instituted June 11. received
five applications at its last held meeting.
Benicia Grove at its last hold meeting
initiated four candidates. This grove an
nounces that in view of the fact that the
Grand Grove at its last held session gave
permission to admit members at a re
duced rate, it will, at its next session,
have not less than twenty candidates to
initiate.
Haywards Grove is still in the boom. At
its last held meeting it initiated eleven
candidates and received a number of ap
plications from strangers who want to
become Druids
Last Monday evening two strangers re
ceived the first degree in Olympla Grove
and two applicants were presented. This
grove will move into its new hall this
week and will meet on Thursday in
stead of Monday nights in the future. The
new hall is at Folsom and Fourteenth
streets.
Last Wednesday night Golden Star
Grove held high jinks in its hall, where
there was a large number of the mem
bers and friends, who were treated to an
interesting programme of Instruction an-i
entertainment. There were about 100
present. During the evening they were
entertained with remarks by Junior Past
Xoble Grand Arch James F. Martinoni,
Past Noble Grand Arch H. J. Goller,
Grand Secretary John M. Graves ami a
number of lesser lights of Druldtsm. This
grove is still taking in new members at
every meeting. To-day it will hold a re
union and picnic at Fairfax Park.
Manzanita Grove at its meeting last
Thursday night had a good attendance
of members. It conferred the first degree
on two candidates and then the Bards
degree on three, the work being perform
ed in a very acceptable manner by Noble
Arch Dr. J. W. Creagh and the other of
ficers. This grove has completed all its
arrangements for the picnic to be given
next Sunday at San Lorenzo Grove. This
picnic Is In aid of the fund for the relief
of the sick of the grove, and beins a
worthy object will no doubt attract a
large number of people in and out of the
order. Ever)' member of the grove is pro
vided with tickets, but the special com
mittee on such is E. J. Barton, recording
secretarv: Frank Marir.l, past noble arch,
and George E. Burham. The committee
of arrangements has secured a number of
prizes and there will be games and races.
Knights of Pythias.
There will be a large delegation from
California to the Supreme Lodge which la
to meet in Detroit. Mich. These will
make a strong effort to have the Supreme
Lodge meet here in 1002. Among thos
who will go are Judge A. J. Buckles of
Fairfleld. George E. Church of Fresno, C.
F. McGlashan of Truckee. George Sam
uels of Oakland. C. P. Lindsay of Santa
Cruz J. H. Geyselaar. J. P. Abbott of
Oakland, Walker C. Graves, T. J. Crow
ley, Charles L. Patton. Frank McGowar.
Herman Schaffner, Colonel "\V. J. Kldd
and T. A. Nearney of San Francisco.
A company of the Uniform Rank of Los
Angeles will attend the Uniform Rank
encampment at Detroit and the Rathbono
Sisters. V
Golden Gate Lod&e will confer the
knight rank on Thursday next.
Oakland Lodge will meet in the new
headquarters of the Foresters of America*..
"¦--• ' ! Itathbono Sisters.
On the evening of. the 2lst inst. a ;¦ num
ber of the members of the Oakland tem
ples paid a fraternal visit to San Fran
cisco Temple No. 11 of the Rathbone Sis
ters In Pythian Caatle. Under stood of
the order Mrs. Emma A. Schofteld, on
behalf of Oakland Temple No. 7, San
Francisco No. 11 and Loyal Temple No.
47. presented to Past Grand Chief Ada E.
Alergulre as a token of their appreciation
of her services and of their love of her a
beautiful silver tea set. The recipient,
taken by surprise, responded in a feeling
manner, after which the temple closed.
All repaired to a banquet hall adjo nlng.
where a delicious repast was served and
a pleasant time was had. Mrs. Merguire
was also the recipient of a bunch of fifty
American beauties, a further evidence of
esteem of the donators.
The Native Sons.
Aicalde Drill Corps No. 1, composed of
members-of Alcalde Parlor, X. S. G. W.,
under command of Captain John Staude,
gave Its first anniversary ball In Xatlve
Sons' Hall last "Wednesday night. Thera
was a brilliant gathering of young ladie»
and gentlemen, and prominent among
them ail were the members of the corps,
attired, for their first time, in their neat
new uniform of dark blue with white
facings and trimmings and white belt
with brass buckle bearing 1 the number
of the corps. The souvenir programme
was a pretty one and bore upon its fac«
the emblem of the corps, which Is th*
crossed American and bear flags upon
which are crossed swords and over these
is the Union shield, while underneath is
a scroll with the letters >f. S. G. W. Dur
ing the evening there was a flashlight pic
ture taken of the corps. The affair, a
great success, was under the direction of
the following named:
Committee of arrangements — Ernest
Parnow, E. Korten.. Charles J.Staude. R.
H. Andrews, George W. Johnston. Recep
tion committee— Will J. Davis. F. M.
Pendergast, H. M. Bartels. I* Heeb. S.
V. Elliott, A. O. Jones. . Floor manager-
Captain . John. Staude. Assistant . floor
manager-'George .\E. Pendergast. Floor
committees-T. J. Ahern, T. P. B. Smith,
C. A- Donovan, W.'E. Jones, C. H. Erb
Jr.. H. R. Parish F*red Raemer. The
corps will give parties at stated inter
vals. • ¦ ¦ ¦ '' • . '. ": ' ¦ • ¦ .:
The entertainment and dance that was
given last *Vednesday evening by Hes
porian Parlor No. 137 in its hall at Six
teenth and Valencia streets was a de
lightful affair. It was complimentary and
was enjoyed by a large number of the
friends of the members. The programme
included a recitation by E. J. Hewelke.
piano recital by Mrs. C. II. Ehlert: vocal
solo. Dr. J. I. Richards: mandolin duet,
Eva and Annie Gimpel, and selections by
the Hesperian Quartet. Then followed
a good programme of up to date dances
under the. direction of Ed Seiber3t. floor
raanamr.: The evening function was un-
der the supervision of r>r. H. A. Andrews,
George. Zett and Ed Selberst, the com
mittee on entertainment. The annual out
ing of this parlor win be plven at Camp
Taylor on the 4th inst. C. II. Ehlert,
W. D.Moller, L. H. Kohn and F. G. Nor
man compose the commltteo In charge
of the outiny. : -
At the meeting of Mission Parlor last
Wednesday night several applications
were received and referred to appropri
ate committees on investigation. The par
lor manifested a great deal of enthusiasm
on the subject of the celebration of the
semi-centennial of the admission of Cal
ifornia into the Union. A uniform was
adopted and considerable money was sub
scribed to the Jubilee fund of the par
lor.
. District Deputy Grand President Lewis
will on Tuesday evening next install the
officers of Paclllc Parlor. The same nijrhi
G. A. Newhall. president of the finance
committee of the celebration and Police
Commissioner, and Charles W. Fay will
be initiated members of this parlor
Native Daughters.
M!ss Laura J. Frakes, elected sec
retary at the recent session of the Grand
Parlor, has entered upon the active dis
charge of the duties of her office. She
has secured quarters in room 9 In the
Union-square building at thg' southwest
corner of Geary and Stockton streets,
which she will open to-morrow. Prior to
her departure from-Sutter Creek. Ama
poJa Parlor., of which Miss Frakes has
been an unusually active member for
many years, and the citizens of that plaen
tendered her a farewell reception, iiiss
Frakes, who was for. years connected
vrlth the school department of that terri
tory, has a great many friends, who caxna
to congratulate her upon, her advance-
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, JTJI/T 1, luuu.
30
NEWS OF FRATERNAL SOCIETIES
STEAMERS "VCILX, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Ftrst and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and!
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf sailing.
S3. NIPPON MARTT Tuesday. July 10. I3CO
BS. AMERICA MARU
Friday, August 3. 13C0
BS. HONGKONG MARL'
V.v-lnesday. August 23. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratas. For
freight anJ pa?sa;e apply »t company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
\V. II. AVERT. General Agent.
C0MP\BSI5 GESEHALK TRARSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »^ '
Paillns every Thursday instead of rfjfffpK
Saturday. frc<m November J. 1SDD. at -V»»V*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St. LA TOLRAINE^ July 5; L A lor.
RAINE. July 12: LA BRETAGNE. J a]y y.
LA CHAMPAGNE. July M. First class to
Havre, $"2 10 a " d upward. Second class to
Havre JTo and cpward: 5 per cent reduction en
rounrl trip GENERAL AOENCT FOR
UNITED STATKS AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hodaofl Pulld)ns>. New Tork. J f
ri*GA7a fi CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, S Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AKD VALLEia.
Steamer "MonfctcoUa.**
.•MOX.Tues.WwJ.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9 43
a. m.; 3:U. 8:33 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:SO: Sundays. 1030 ami
I" ARE ••••••-¦•••...••.............. Me.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
OCEAXIC S. S. CO.— nOXOT.TTI.IT. APIA
AUCKLAND A>'I> SYI»EY7^^^
S S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. ..Wed.. July nu .
S 8. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)..?!. **
"Wednesday. July 25. 2 r>* m
L D. S?8ECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. ,14 Moirtnoow
Pier 7. Foot PacifcSLFreic.M0ace.32? MarketSt
— : • 3SRAI-IS .40OO Ton»l
. Mon»'uiy sallies tor Valparaiso and Hamburg
Tuil«»ua.j pon. Central. Scutb. America. ato. {
S.S.Serapls. 4000 tons, sails about Julys. •
I 1». SPRF.i-KKIS* J.tUlS. < •'.. »«»»«. lit JlMln.,-,,
ETl-rlends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
? Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 649 Point Lobos avenue In-
t»rment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREELY-In the City and County Hospital.
%? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:SO o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2<25 Mission street. Interment Cypress
Urn Cemetery.
GOLDKN— In this city, June 29, 1900, James P.
dearly beloved son of Patrick and Mamis
- Golden, brother of Reta Golden, and nephew
of Kate McCarthy and Hugh and Delia Gold-
en, a native of Sun Jose. Cal.. aged 5 years
2 months and 4 daya.
7 C7 Funeral this day •< Sunday), at- 2 o'ciock r
¦ from the residence of her parents, 207 Larkln
street. Interment private. ¦'. -. ¦ --.
CHillSTENSON— In . this city, June 29 1900,
i Lizzie, dearly belAved wife of A.. F. Christen-
son, a native of Finland. " ased '''26 years. •
. C7Frlends arid acqualntanrpa are respect-
fully invited to attend the" funeral this- day
¦•: <.Sunday). »t 1 o'clock, from the: parlors-, of
Craig &• Cochran Company. • £2-66 Mint av»-
nue. Interment I^aurel Hill Cemetery'; ¦
CRABTRKEr-In Ban Jose. June 26. 1900; George
Francis Crabtree. beloved son of Frank and
Martraret Crabtree. arid brother of Mrs Lottie
liogflanovlch and. Alice. Maggie. Rose and
: Annie Crabtree. a native of ban Francisco,
aged 20 years and 21 days.
FERGUSON-In this city, June 29. 1900. Busan
•C. beloved wife, of W . E. Ferguson, and
mother of Guy Leonard. Edna Pearl and Ger-
trude Ferguson, a native of Illinois, aged 40
years. . • '• • .
BAUER— In this city. June: 2?." 1*60. Louise
Mary, wife of Philip Bauer. deftrt>' beloved:
mother of Pearl' Bauer, daughter of Walter 1
ar.d Ma;T Woolndigh, and sJster pf Florence
.Wookiough, a native -'of- Australia-, aged .3
years (Melbourne, .Australia, papers please
copy.) -:¦ ..;• ;..' -.- .. . - ; ' . :¦
C7Friends and; acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thiis day
(Sunday), at S;S0 o'clock, from^htr laie resl-
• : dence, 3)A Clara ftreet, thence to St.. Rose's
.Church, -where a', requiem blgh; macs will be
.^celebrated- tor. the -repose of her soul, at 3
• o'clock. • Intertnent Jloly Cross Cemetery.
CHAPMAN— la this city. June 29. 1900, Ronal
¦ only, and tiel.bved daughter of Rockwell S, and
Itcre Chapmart;-'a: native of San Francisco, •
Bauer, Louise M. ¦
Chapman, Rcna. . .
Chrtstenson, Lizxfe
Crabtree. George ¦ F* .
Ferguson. Susan C.
Uolden. James F. ; .
Creely. George
Gunr.isou. C. Robert
Hlnck. Henry j. '-. ¦
Holsworth. Mary
Jannaud. Henry '
Johnson, Peter. A. ;
Kearney, Peter • :¦ ..'
SIcilenry. EKen ' .
Meiklehaugh, £llza-
. beth
Mudsen. John. . >
Maguire, Elizabeth .
Merini. ! MJcha*l., L:
Muller. Au£-u»t M.-
O'Neili. Mrs. Annie.
Osborn.MarEtierlte il
Osborne; Henry A;
Owens. Catherine >
Payne. Emma'
Plehl, Edward H. .:
Sachs. Fredrick Cl.- '-
Bchulhof#r. L'ulu.
Schwabacher, Louli
Slcotte. : Roger ¦' ''•
Skavlan. Wille P. .
fcitaudacher.' Lbtlle
Thomas/ William. H.
Young. Suele i
Zwaal. Eveline
DIED.
BOOKKR-WELI.F^In this city. June 20, 1909,
by the Re\'. Father: Collins. fJeOrpe T. IJODker
and Josephine Wejls. both of jJanfranciaca. ¦
CLAUSES'— KRULL— In this • city. June '2?-;'
19W). by the Rev. o. Groensbe.rg, CJiarlea M.
Olau«sen atid I^jdSa N. O.Krull. ¦ =•
DAVIS-nO3EnTS-In this city. June 29. 1900.
by the Rev. l>r. John A. B. WU^on.: Richard
IjjvIb ar.i* May E. Roberts, botb of Elm-
hurst, t/a). '-'. ; ¦-..". -. :'¦ : .
FLj:TCHEH-TAY-In this city. Jun« M. 1900.
by the Right Rev. Ulfhop Nichols, Peter
Fletcher and Harriet Backus Tay.
HATFIELD—SPGWART— In San Rafael. June
4. 1M)O. by the Rev; William Marshall. Lenox
C. Hatfleld and Hannah I>. Spowart. : ¦:•
WHEluLAND-KJtAUS-In this city. Jiine 28.
1S0O. by the It«-. Father Byrne! Samuel
Wheeland and Georgia L. Kr.-iu.j. both of San
Francisco. . .... ' •. ' • • . '.- ¦ ; .
MARRIED.
¦ '/- : :: ' BOEN.;-... > ,- •: "•¦¦•¦ .
BITKLET— In this city. Junetl, 1S00, to. the
wife cf Partiel R. Buckley, a son. ,. .' ••• ..
GOHSSEL— In Ud» city. June 19, 1900. to : the
wife of Curt BpfffL a daughter. ¦ .-."*.".* - :
HAXSELI*- In this city. June-. 21,;. 1500/ to- the
wife o: J>;T.' HanKeil, a feon, ..... .- .;"• • •.'¦
LrE\VlS-.In this city,- Jun> l.i. 1S00, to the. wife
of D.-G. -Lewis, a daughter^ • ¦ . ¦ ' , ' .:¦
MOHXS- In'Stocktcri;' June «. 1900; to the-.wlfe
.'¦of Walter. II. Moh«s. a. daughter.'.. -.-"•; • ..'.
PAOE— In this <aty; June 2a.. "100ft.'- to the wif* oT
E. E.' Fag-f, a Jaucttfr. : " • •'• '.' ';.• .
ROBERTS— In the Potrero. June Tl. 1900. to the
wife of XJavid Jamea Roberts-: a daughter.. - .
SWAN— In tfii-seity,. June 4 l!»ftJ, to the wife
. of T.;w. B.-gwan. * Eon> . f. ••> : : •.•""".;.
¦gYl.'K'ALSKlUln this, city, June IS, 1S00, to the
wife of. P.- SyukalsM. a fbn. • . . . :. : ..:'•.•
TRACCY— Jn : -this city, to the wife of William
¦ 3?. Tracey-, a dauebter^ :.¦ • -..-.-¦¦• '¦/¦: •
'WARD— la this city.: June 27, l?Q6i.' to the' wif«
cf W. •P.^'Ward. a daughter.;^'-].;' ¦ .'¦ •' : ' i-':
WINKLKri-Ir.: Ocean. A'lew. June : 18.' 1900,. to
. the Ti-:fe «rf. *)'.: W"4fi)cler,- a daughter. ;• . '¦'•••
Birth, marriage and death notices sent 'fay-
mail will ncrt be insetteJ. They must be hande.J
In at . either .of >. the ¦•'publication; offices, anci.be
Indorsed- .with. -the- name ar.d .residence of per-
eens authorizeti to have the same, published. •
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
THE G. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From SDear-street 'Wharf at Jl a. m.
CADC $12 plrst Cla^* .ncludinj Bert>>
IH nC $8 Second Cla»^ ana Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA salli
July 2. 12. 22. Aug. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27. Asf. «
Short line to Walla "Walla. Spokane. Butf».
Helena arid all points tn the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
¦KTLL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast, Al new passenger steaaoer.
S, S. NOME CITY,
1600 tons register.
ABOUT JULY 5th.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSOS
and all TTTKON RITBR POCTTa
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO..
/39 POST ST.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPf YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The- Elegant. Commodious. Faat Ai Paasea.
rer Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-fire hundred tons* displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Pas*eng"r and Freight Rates Apply ta
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
220 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
mr Toaz. bouthaxptox. lo.hdos. mm
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York everr "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis July 4fSt. Paul July If
N«w Ycrlt July 11 St. Louis Juij a
RED £TA?? LINE.
NeW YorK orjd Antw«r-».
From New Tork every "Wednesday. 13 noon.
Kensington July 4iFrieslaad July IS
Noordland July ll'Southwark July U
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
tO Montgomery street.
EMFMRE. LINE.
S. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May Ulh. Subsequent tailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Tukon Ri-rer
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
30 Montgomery street.
For Hnsenada. Mr\gr!alena Bay, San Jos» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rcsali»
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
steamer?, sailing 6atM and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKLNS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
19 Market st.. San Fraaclsca
For Pan Diepo. stopr!n«r only at Port Har-
fonl (San Luis Obi?p<i>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redonrjo (Los Angeles)— \\ a.
m., July 4. t. 12. 1«. 2n. 24. 28. August 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Kor Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a, m.. July 2. 6. 10. 14. is. 22. 26. 30. August
3. and every fourth day thereafter.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
•j^. wharf, San Francisco:
V^q^^ for AIa3kan ports— 11 a. m..
li&Sfev Jul> ¦' ;r '- i: '- - (1 - 25. 30. Au-
tV>^,w«7r?>, 6*^"* * Change to company*
I^#5l\fv3 « t<>aiT >ers at Seattle.
P^2«Jlai F^ Victoria, Vancouver (B.
**i^rtjf^=?»i £" >- Port Tow nsend, Seattl-.
t ~^4tXL^y\ Tac-mia.. Kverett. Ar.acort<"<,
and New Whatcom ("Wash.)—
,- . . u a - "¦• July 5. 10. 15, 20, 25.
23. August 4. ar.d every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to f". p. ivy.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p tn. July
2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 21. August 1. and every Hfth
day thereafter.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yeetcrday: ..¦;>.-:••
PVank Bennett. 35. city, and Mary Hanahan.
kyman Goldman, t&, elty. and Earan Flnk-
eJstein, 23, city. • ..- .• .¦ •.•'¦'. . ' .
Amadeo Roeala, 29 t 14C2 Kearny 1 street, and
BafetrlcH Bpediact S3, 712 Vallejo street. ..- ;•=-
William K. Onley. S8, city, and Maid* %.
Cameron, 16, city: • -. • ¦ . ¦ ¦'¦¦¦"'• '
Thon:as K: Garner. 23. Lower Lalte, Cal.. and
Eunice Q. Tremrjer, 31. Mllo. Tulare County, .
Adolph F: Boege. 25. 13 St. Marys avenue.
and Oertnide Stevenson. 20, Oakland. ; • ¦ : . , .
Kugene K. Burbert, 21. -.20UH Flllmore street,
anil FC't-ter. 2-1. ?0 Second street.
Arthvr Terwllllger. IS. 411 1-3 Octavla street,
an-1 Clara B. Storms, 23. 36S4 Nineteenth street.
Joseph rtodjters. 25. 3111 Sixteenth street, and
Charlotte M Theodore, 23. 12 Julian avenue. J.
James L. Uobner, 24, city, and Annie L. Mad-
dox. £4, city, ¦.'... -. ¦ .-¦ " • ' h
Niels A. Andresen, SO, city, and Bertha S, C.
Jennen, 2*V city. - : - ' '- :
«.>wen Murtihy.' 42. ..Reno, Nev., and . Kat«
Quimt, rs. Rea>>, Nev. .- , : ;'¦- ¦' ¦ ¦¦"•
I«ltr,n ;G;. -Childs, .32. city, and Edwina J.
Wfst<-n, 2s,- cityv. -. • ' .'..- •¦ • ' ..-¦¦ ..;'
S.iuicr II. lUther. S3. «30 Putter street, and
Gertrude L-- Itotierti>.: 22. southeast .corner Pierce
and McAllister- streets.- . ..-. •' ¦ ¦ , ¦,'-'•'¦
Phllin O liair, Do. Vfillejo. anJ Nellie Baker,
1$. Vallejo. :¦¦'. ' V-- : ": ¦•}. } *'*X
William M. Wright. 23, 426 Fulton street, and
Ka-te C.'Tracanf*. }7. . CS4 Green street. - - •¦;
William >".-ile3riecke'. 25, 27 Clemejrtlna'streeV
and Anna Ilr Miller, 22. 79 Z<>a street, ' .:.-¦•.
Josepb A.Rfchmuth, 23, 404 Blxth street, and
Fran.vs- Irnhof;-.20. 20C2 Pierce stre.et. ¦ . ' -, :
Geont* T.- Anderson. £2. 10 Shipley street,- and.
Sadie White. IS-, 36O Walsh Btreet, .:¦ ¦¦
Isidore Gdulet. '50. .1511 Golden Gate avenue,
and Maude A:.; BuTke, 2K 731 Pine streets
Henry L)al;l Jr., 2T, Point Ivobos avenue.
anii G:-ai-e tampe. 22. ' 2S>V» Oak street. •" - : .
Victor nti-enhji Jr.. 26; 14 Sherman street, apd
Ann'.e T. Bendfift. 25. 24 Homestead street. .
diaries O: ,HaIzbauer k 22, Vallejo, and
ThpreF* M. ; Reckna&le. 21. city. : ..••
Han-pv C. Kern, "5, Seattle. : Wash... and
EFteil* V. Etousland. SS. VisaUa. ' ' . ' ..''¦
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
LEGAL ADVERTISBMKXTS.
EXTESflOX of Protest— Cnptain W- -.RICH-
lCUT master of the German steamer gempls
<R J B W.). will extend his protest on
¦-TUESDAY; -July 4, 1900. at 10 o'clock a. m..
at the office of 'the' Imperial -German Consul-
ate at this city (SIS Sacramento street). Ban
Francisco. June £8. 1900. LOHAN, . Imperial
German Vice-Consul. •¦.•.¦.•¦¦ , .. '¦ - : -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLA>D II UAL CSTATE.
O\KLAN1> REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
. •-¦(»\KLAXI> KKAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
OAKLAND RKAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATR BARGAIN'S.
OAKLAND- HEAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
: OAKLAND.. I'.F.AL ESTATE BARGAINS.
j,',r,.(».. Baaincasy Uock; a corporation sale; fine
rrx^V-rn bri^k building: vcrj" center r,f the city;
land alone worth price asked: tea a*?rrt this .>
the be^i and t.u:esi buy in Oak'.a:..! realty to-
jj^v. •• LAVMANCE.
jjipon— C.-mt fW.COO: an Oakland mansion;
r rp «' ! » s < < ' 1 nn '1 prandeur of locati.-n • nnnot here
1- deacrtbe4: rnufi »<e rren; 2 ai-r-s of grounds;
Lar.k pale. terriiS to f-u!t. LAlMANCE.
120.000— A. nil-urban home in foothills, between
Oakland and i>tk.-:- :¦ ; unfurpn.-f-ii situation. 5
r .•.- r^»oice«i. iruit and shrubs; magnificent
BMdim l!-neq residence; greut eacritlce for
trnmediate eale. . LAYMANCE.
.. uj (vyv^C'irt 130.000: net un eld hcuse. but fins
.modern; home replete with modern improve-
ment: corner- 1< t ; choicest central location In
•Jakisr.C; closing estate. LAl'MANCE. .
}:?.(¦'&- Oakland II>ights corner home.; It
r oma; Utrs* l>'t; equation and view uiisur-
iias*^; coit J1S.OO0. LAYMANCE.
jjo (aq fumlshod, ITOO unfurnished — One of
Ean Oakland's Osest 12-room residences; mo<3-
erxr lurse grounds; beautifully situated: choice
cer-tnU locallon; cost j:0.000. LAYMANCE.
JSIDO— Near Telegraph ave. cloee In: cost J10,-
C-'O to cur.«trjct; Gcth'.c style; 12 rooms; lot 80
feet; a bargain. LAYMANCB.
J65.00— Three blocks c' City Hall; 2-story resi-
dence; J rooms; lot <tzS0; land worth the price.
LAYMANCE.
moo— Lakeptae district; modern. Colonial de-
p'.yn; 11 rooms: furnace; up-to-date: near trains.
tut choice, quiet bone location; bargain.
LAYMANCE.
*£r,po— t acres In Fruitvale: fine fruit; splendid
1 ,-•• eoll the best; bcrAers on cre--k; situa-
tion perfect, beautiful; bargain: town lets all
around It. LAYMANCE.
$e<.no— Four fiats, modern, renting $60; central
locaUon; cost &Lh)O; always rented.
LAYMANCE.
j.-'W-Xeiegrarh ave ; absolutely the best I
dir ever made on this mafmlficent Ftreet: on '
uj<-to-date T+ei&rTice. i< rooms: large, sunny lot;
pi upeJ in w:th choicest of private homes; (
*: trial HlOpfMltlPa; see Immediately.
LAYMANCE. .
*4T^ — Linda V'.sta terrace; one of the cosiest
f-room hirnip* In the market; never occujiled: :
l.pu'-.tlful f.ni^h; commanding sltuaticn; fur- i
race; lot BOxlSS: terms rather than re:it. ¦ I
LAYMANCE.
J4TST — Eastern ijmutM authorires to sell at once !
flue l<-room h'iuse; ;n->rc<riain bath, mantels, pas !
fixtures ;.«--leva;eii ari'i central location; lot iZx j
110- tack mortgage J4000 can stand: a bargain, j
LAYMANCE. j
1*300 — Fine raoflem houte, 9 rooir.s. T on first I
tSoar; rr^cial conetructlcn for a home; fine.'
r.'.ar.tels. pa* fixtures; cement basement; corner. j
iot'£0XlaQ; barn; fruit and flowers; noar 5ta-
den; offer considered. LAYMANCE. ;
$33t!V— Beautiful Oakland Heights; cozv new)
lK>me, 7 racme. never occupied; builder has'
mortgage; wants cost at once. LAYMANCE.
j.?£op — Adeline station; up-to-date I-etcry 7- j
room home; 1:00 carpet goes; 4uxl^; r»Fh over !
mortgage. LAYMANC"E. |
. t;^5,0— J^.0 cash: r.ear nth ar.d Broadway: ne-w j
colonial. S rooms; porcelain bath: Just finished.:
right in town; ought to vr'.l upon slg-ht: mort-
gage tZZOO, LAYMANCE.
t3Jlb9— 23ft ar.3 Telegraph ave. ; " blocks cf nar- !
t< ¦¦»' gauge; fc rocrcs; porcelain bath; mu»-t fell •
et once. LAYMANCE.
12*00 is the mortgage; cost $4300; to save fore- j
closure any -cJTer cons'dere.3 ; beautiful ?-room ,
hotne: porpelala bath: corner lot; ttrect coai- '
rlete; elevated location in P^Bt Oakland.
LAVMANCE. j
$:W— BuilfllTjp* lr.s-jred fer 12250; mederu T-; j
room home; JTOO stable; K'-ft. lot; r.ear Tele-.
eraob ave.; new mortgage SHOO: must sell. 1
LAYMANCB. f
mSO — By order cf San Francisco wholesale '
f.rm; Queen Ar.r.e 6-roora cottage; elevated let \
ffxHO; tecer.t etcne and etreet work erst JoGO; ¦¦
effer wanted. LAYMANCE. . j
J:?'O — I-sf~rT B-room residence; bath; rtable^ !
Vf'-foot lot; ftreet complete; bet. Grove an-d Sail i
Tscblo car lines; only $200 cash: a snap. .. |
LAYMANCE.
t~40— KJO each: Highlana rark: the finest ell- i
mate In California; colonial home. 6 rooms. I
lath; cost J2T^> to construct; lot T0xl40; oo«t ¦'
ever BOSS; targain. LAYMANCE. ;
$1S."D— S505 cash: netr Market and Broadway
etatiens; 2-atory bouse. 10 rotras; a pr^d home. I
LAYMANCE. .'."I
Si:50— Estate; f-rocm cottage; lot DCxlOO; at t
CtlBton Ftation: etreet complete; splendid neiph- i
t.orhocxJ: easy walk to Broadway; a snap, lot I
worth S1SO0. LAYMAXCE. 1
11I2S —^ An estate bargain; cottage S rooms; |i
Mocka -cf Eighth ft. and BrcacJway; rented.
LAYMANCE.
t?5'"<— 2-etory hense. 7 rooms, bath, stable; lot J
ITi^2; North Oakland, near new ferry ter- j
minus; street complete; owner gnir.g away; j
fr.aji. LATMANCE.
LOTS.
STT30 for an extra centrally located lot for ,
ftore cr fiats; only S'* feet frpm Fourteenth I
ft. and Broadway; center of Oakland; Just !
grapes the fire liinlts; nothtr.g like It offered
[or ?aie; recent tale at JTM per foot in same :
Mock: a double pickup; our contract Is for
«ju!ck fcsJe. LATMAXCE.
An eetate; business corner lot. only two
blocks from two Broadway banks; $6000 once
r»>:ufied: an offer of f2W0 this week will be ]
accepted by executor; great eacrlnce.
LAYMANCE.
t!5 foot; formerly J63; thir.V of it; fine cor-
r.rr residence; lot E?sl43: oppo»:re and adjetn-
ir.g elegant hemee; r.ear 6tation; this offer
Ik to close ui> an estate uron which wo now
hold deposits on four other ia>i- pending eale
of this lot; call at once. LAYMANCE. .
ACRES.
ACRES.
ACRES.
Adjoining the city of Oakland and between
Oakland and Berkeley, we are offering 2H to
fc acre tracts at one-third fr-rnw values; only
J100 per acre reculred as first payment: bal-
ance to suit: property r.ear the city; soil and
view unsurpassed; overlooks some of Oakland's
its value; prices now less than former mort-
Ca^e.
ACRES.
ACRHS. I'..;"
ACRES.
TTe neccre properties at tanra'.n. . „"¦.!
¦U'e advertise prcpertiei at bargains
"Gfvis »¦«.•'. 1 bought are half euld."'
Cail or write us. . . '. ¦¦ -\
InTormatlon cheerfully riven. :...' ' • / ' '¦'
LATMANCH RKAL ESTATE CO..
Office and nnlesrocm.
4C0-4«2 I7.ghth et.. Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB BARGAIKS,
OAKLAND RKAL ESTATE I5AHGAINS.
OAKLAND REAL KFTATF. BARGAINS.
OAKLAND REAL EFTATC BARGAINS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
OAKLAND RKAL INSTATE RAKGAINS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
Di^'innrrp aotjgejb.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan; -Society. : IS
Gea:y st:— The directors-have declared. the foi-'
lowing .semi-annual, dividends: 3.60..per /cent
rer annum <in .letrn arid.. 3 r>er cent* per an-
num on ordinary depositn. payatrte On ' and
after Julv 2 V.'HO. :¦ KRNEST BRAND, 6.ec.
DIVIDEND; NOT1CH— MutuaKSavlngs. Bank pf-
Ban' Krj.fcciscn. i? Post St.- For the half
year ending: June' 'SO.- 1VO0.. a -dividend -'has-
been declared at the rate of three. (3) per ceiit
p»r annum o'» all deposits, free- of tases, pay-
able tn mr.i affer- Monday,. July- 2,. 1900.'- '¦
. GEORGE A.-STOBTf. Cashier..
DIVIDEND net ice— Dividend No. 106 (fifty
rents per uliare) of- the Oceanic 'Steamship
Company will • >e payable at the- '.of Ace', of the
company. 327 Market et.. nn and after MON-
DAY July 2, 1300. Transfer books will close
en Tuesday. "June 26, .1900. at 3 o'clock p; tn.
¦ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIPF.NP notice,— The .German Pavings and
I-can Koclfty. :?6 California st.— For the haif
>^ar ending." wtth June S 1 ). 190O. a dividend has
been declared at the- rate of three and one-
half i2wi per cent per annum on all dspoails,
free of t»*es; payable on ar.'i after MONDAY,
July t. 1W0. •¦..-.-' .'«EO..TOIT.RKY. Secretary.:'
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near -Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. . . .
ZWAAL— In this city. June 29, 1900, Evelln.
Zwaal, dearly beloved, daughter of Bchelde
[C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from the chapel
of tlit Golden Gate Undertaking Company
2421 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TOUNG— In this city, June 29, 1900. Susie be
loved wife of Casper Young, daughter of *Mrs
William H. Day. mother of Frank and the
late Harry Hohenschlld. and sister of Mrs
Btockflett and Henry and Jennie Fanjoy a
. native of St. John, New Brunswick. (Tacolia
papers please copy.)
Cy Notice of fnneral hereafter.
THOMAS— In this city, June 29, 1900. William
H. Thomas, beloved son of Mrs. Ellen Hrigg»
and beloved brother of Mrs. Charles Mathews
and Robert J. Thomas, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased 2S years. ' . ' •
• C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1820 Clay street. Interment Horn* of
¦ Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third,
and Townsend streets at 2 o'clock. By special
request of the family pleaae omit flowers.
SKAVLAN— In this city, June 30. 1900, Wills
Fred Ekavlan. beloved son of Wllhelm and
Frieda Skax-Ian. and brother of Herald, Ola
¦and Uagmar Skavlan, a native of Brooklyn,
N. T., aged 20 years 10 months and- 6 days.
(Stockton, Cal., papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Peterseri & Co.; -22S McAllister street.
SICOTTE— An anniversary requiem high nun
will be- celebrated for the repose of the soul
of. the late Roger Slcotte to-morrow (Mon-
day), at St. Peter's Church. Twenty-fourth
and Alabama streets, at 9 o'clock. Friends
are respectfully ln\-lted'.
6TAUDACHER— In Hanford. Cal., June 23.
1900, Lottie W., daughter of Mrs. IC Stau-
dacher, a native of Charlotte, Mich., aged 27
years. (San Jose and Santa Cruz papers
please copy.) /
. EyFriends and acquaintances and members
of Unity Lodge No. 61. Knights of '-Pythias,
. Hercules Lodce No. 6*i A.. O. tl. '.w.., and
Germanla Club are respectfully invited to- at-
•tend th? funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
: o'clock^ from Pythian. Castl*. 909 • Market
street; : near Fifth, ¦• Intermeht I.- O.'O/ F.
• Cime-tery. / " : •' • ' = •
ECHULHOFER — In. this 'city, -June 28 1900.
•Lulu, beloved wife of Max Schulhofer. mother
of Edwin J. Schulhofer, beloved daughter, of
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Blummenthal, and sister
of Freda and Charles Blummenthal. a native.
. of ChlcaEO.' III.; aged 29 years. • • '
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are ' respect-'
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from S22 Ellis street,
thence by funeral train at 11:15 o'clock from
Third and Townsend streets. Interment' Sa-
lem Cemetery. 4
SCHWABACHER— Entered into rest at Paris.
France, June- 14, 1900, Louis, beloved husband
of Bella Schwabacher, father of Mrs. Albert
• L. Ehrman and Jacle B. Schwabacher, anil
brother of Mrs'. Bailey Gatzert and Albert and
Elrmund Schwabacher. aged 63 years 2 months
and 10 days.
: tn^Frlends and /acquaintances are^respect-'
fully invited to attehd'the funeral to-morrow
•(Monday), at 1:30; o'clock.- from her late -resi-
;denc^, 5iO Church street- Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ' ' • : •
OSE5ORNE— In thla city. June 30. 1900. at his
¦ residence. lvO6 Golden Gate avenue, • Henry
:A.. beloved husband of Catherine' Osborrie,
and beloved father of Mrs. .Peter Lynch. Mrs.
. Charles 'Bliss' ond'.Thomas -li'J Osborrie. a -na-
tive of Dublin* Ireland, aged 70 yearsj ."' ' ' ..
OWENS— in this city, . June 30. 1900. Catherine,
wife of :the late P. II. Owens, beloved' mother
Of Mrs. Susan A. Guerrero and Floreitce. John
and Mary Owfnsand Mra. : Jennie iilndm.ari, :
grandmother' of Roy' arid .Blanche Guerrero
and P,uth Hlndman, and .motheMri-iaw .of
Patrick Ouerrero« a native of Kew Orleans,
, oged 5t 'years and S months'. • ..
PAYNE^-In Saueailto. . June 30.- 1900,. Emma,-
beloved, wife .ot- F. William Pajtie. and'
.' mother . of Wllllem T.. S.tacla». Frankle arid
. Emma Payne, a native of California;! aged- 43
.years Simonths and 3day«. : . : : "
PIEHL^-In this city. June 30) 1900, Edward H.,
-.dearly beloved husband or- Katharine: Pi'ehl. '
and father of Lillian Plehl. a native of Near
"Randsburg. • Schleswig-Holsteln, -Germany,
as p d 27: years 10' months -and 12 days. '. .
C7"Frl«»nds.. and: acquaintances are ; respect-
fully Invited. to attend- the funeral tofmorrow
: (Monday), at 1 . O'clock, from the' parlors of
II. F. Sufcr & Co.; 1137Mlsslon street, between
Feventli and Eighth. -Interment I. 0. : Ow-F.-
: Cemetery. ' ¦ ' ••. ' - •¦• . . ¦'¦..'¦ • ' .- :'
SACHS— In Oakland^ June 23; 1900. at his resi-
dence, ,S©3 - Wood . street, Fredrick-. George
'Kachs. -beloved, husband of Freda Sa'chs; and
•father, of -Mrs. F. S.Kordt and >Irs. ' .K.
-. Bchwartze, • in native of .Germany, • aged -47
. -years-l ; .: -. •'¦'.-• • .' . • • '•:¦ . •• '. '
i • in7"rh^ : funeral-' -tak« ' place to-rhorrow'
(Monday), at 10. o'clock, from ¦ her late resi-
dence. 63S Chestnut street, .hear Taylor, : th«mce
to St.- Francis Church for services, cfimmenc-
lnsr.-at II o'clock. ¦ Ihirermcnt private-, Alqunf
¦ Cajvary <?emetery : . ' Please .'omit -flowers.- '. •¦ •
OSBQRN-rJn thlB : -:cJt> : ', June 29. 10C0',' Marguer-
.it« H.. beloved- wife n't A.- A.'0«t)orn,- mother
of ; Graham M.. Klngsley . Al, Wilfred J. A.
and 1-feh'ry 'R. -R. : . Osborn.'-ahd'- sister of Alex
is:. Joh-n G., . William; J... Fred A.. TIaymond
R. ajid-.the late Thomas II. Mecredy, a na-
tive -V* Sian I''ra : ridlsc{)'. ' •; V • •¦ ;
¦ . C7"Frlencli> and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully, inyiled to attend the funeral to-morrow
:. XMonday>.- at S:l.V:6'clnrk, from her late resi-
d?.n>e. 2737 Baker street.. thenoo to St. Brigid's
• ("hurch. where a - solemn reyuleni mass will
•: b? cflcbratcd for the repose of her souj, com-
;. 'mejiclhg-.at 9 o'clock.; Interment Holy Cress
/¦Cemetery.-.' : •' . .'
MlLLER-^In thU city, June 29, 1900.. August
Mnnuel Muller. beloved son ct AUsust and
Anita iluller. a native of Watsonvllle, Cal.,
:.a«Mi 3 months and 23 days: : .
O'NEILLrrrln this, pity.' June 23, 0900. Mrs.'
Annie O'Neill, wife of -Hugh O'Neill, and l>e-
.-. ..loypd m.other of Matlu-.w T.. John- fc\ --and the
'late. Jahies-. >Y; and Alfred .-F. Kerr.- a' native
..-of: Ir*lcui)3. •...¦- :¦•'¦. •.'.... . ' : '*"'. - '
'. -IL7' Friends' and acquaintances nrr respect-
:' fully invited to' attend the funeral Tuesday.,
.•July 3, at -1:30- o'clock, from his late resi-
.; dence. ¦ 1709 Mason : street. A solemn requiem
' -high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
•¦. his soul-- on same day ar Sts.. Peter and. Paul's
-., .(Italian)-. Church, .commencing at 10. o'clock.
MEIKLEHAVGH— In this city. . Jiine' 30. 11)00.
. '-Elizabeth Melklehaugh. a native of Ireland.
. ¦ 4*-ed ?;¦ .years. ¦¦..-..• . ' . '
C^"Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3SS1 Seventeenth street, thence to the
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market, where the funeral services will be
he!d. at -2 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. - :
JANNAUD— In this city. June 30. 1900, Henry
Jannaud, a member of Company B, First
. California Regiment. U. S. Infantry, a na-
tive of Paris, France, aged 40 years. .
(HT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lov* of Charles H. : Jacob & Co.i 31S Mason
Ftreet. Interment National Cemetery.
JOHNSQN-In this t:lty. June 27. 1900. Peter
A., beloved husband of Hadvi Johnson, father
of Walter and Freda Johnson, and brother-in-
lnw of Charles Petersen. a native cf Sweden,
ag-ed 52 years 7 months and 16 days.
. : CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Portrr & White. 122 Eddy etreet.
Funeral under the auspices of Burns Lodge
No. 6S, A. O. U. W. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. • • ...
KEARNEY— In Anaconda. Mont.. June 24, 1900.
Peter Kearney, beloved husband of Mary
Kearney, a native; of County Armagh, Ire-
land, : aged 40 year*.
ITT 1 Friends and acquaintances nre. respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at i~ o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James McManus, Seventh and Castro
streets, Oakland. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
. terj-, Oakland. .- ; • ' •.'..• ¦ •' .'
ilcIlENRY— In Los Gatos, Junu 2?; 1900. Ellen
. McUenrj-,. beloved mother of Mamie.. Georga,
-Klla and Jennie --McHenry.' a .native of Dublin.
Ii«»lnnd, aged t>2."yfars an<J. 2 -months. -.
. ttTFur.eral this, day (.Sunday), at 6. p. m.;-
• at. Holy '.Cross Cenietery. '•: ' '•' • ''•
MADfiENV-In this, city." June -29, 1900,- John
: MsJsen; a -native of Norway, aged 3? years. '
IC7"FTiende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral this day
. (Puhiay), frcm.the' parlors b£ Charles- J. 13.
-Metzler." '636 Washington street. Services at
.2 o'clock, urtder the auspices of. Bald Eagle
Tribe No. 75, Improved O- R- M.; and Court
• Eclipse. No. 14,-' Foresters of America.. In-:
..terment. Laurel Hill Cemetery. 1 . •• . '
MAGL'IRE-^-In this city. June, 28. WOO. Eliza-
beth, beloved mother of Mary Migulre. a na-
. tive of County Louth. Ireland. ' .'¦
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to' attend the.funeral this day.
-.(Sunday). -.-at' 1 o'clock, from- her late regi-
¦ '.dence,- S14 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for .services at 1:30 o'clock. In-
'¦' terment.Holy Cross Cemetery. : • •/.'¦'
MARINI— In this City, June 30. 1900. Michael
L.,- dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. N.
MariRl. arid: beloved br.other' : of Frank, Mag-
gie. Louisa.- Annie. Rnste, Jennie and Mamie
• Marlni. a' native of San Francisco, ased "t
years. -..¦. :-- ; '. '¦..•••• :••
June 29. 1900, George Greely. a native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years. • •
GUNN1SON— In this city. June Id. 1900. C. Rob-
.• ert, .beloved husband of Bertba Gunnison, a
¦ native of Norway, aged 68 years 9 months and
10 days. ,
¦ (C^FViends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows'
building, corner Seventh and Market streets,
.under the auspices of California Lodge No. 1.
X p. O, F. : Cremation Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.. Remains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt. 2CC6 Mission street. Mission "Ma-
. sonic Temnle.
HINCk— in this city, June 2S. 19(>0, Henry J.,
¦ beloved husband cf Lena Hinck, father of
Annie M., Mamie and George A. Hlnck. and
brother of Mrs. Rbwe, a native of Bremer-
voerde,- Germany,, aged 6S year*. A member
of Concordla Lodge No. 122, I. O. O. F.:
Bremervoerder Verein and Crockett Lodge No.
. 13?, F. and A. M.
IC^TFr.irr.ds and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to. attend the fOneral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Tem-
ple, . undsr the auspices of Crockett Lodge
N'o. 139,. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HOLSWORTH — In this city, June 26, 1900.
Mary,: holoved wife of John II. Holsworth,
and dearly devoted mother of Lillie. Rose,
Lottie, Edward. John, Percy and Harry Hols-
worth and Mrs. James Murasky, a native of
England. • • ' •
and Josephine Zwaal, and sister of Andrew
Zwaal. a native I of San Francisco, aged J
years and S months.
GEORGE It. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
i-AN FRANCISCO. OAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the. charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes «nd organ services
Is JSO. The same for members of the family
CREMATION.
Odd Felloes' Cemetery Association,
WIVIDE.\D .\OT1UKS.
DIVIDEND notice.— THE GIANT POWDER
COMI'ANT. CON. A dividend. No 19 of rev.
eaty-flve cents (TSc) pfr Fhare on the Issued
capital Ftock of the company fcae been de-
c!sir««l payable at the office of the company.
430 California street. Han Francisco, on July
K-th. lSt'O. 7Yani«>r bock* close July 3d 1*00
st nnon. • A. A. SPARKS. Secretary. '
THE Continental Building and I»an Associa-
tion, corner of California ar.d Sar.some sts..
for th* half year ending June 30. 1!>CC. has de-
c".£rrd a dividend of 5 j^r cent p»r annum on
ordinary «J«-po«(t»: € p-r cent on term de-
posits; 10 per cent to Class "F" stock, and "11
per cent to Class "A."
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDOE. President
WILLIAM CORBIN. B-cretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Eav'ngs Bank. 121
Montgomery pt.. Mill* building. For the half
your ending June 30, i?00. dividends on term de-
pf^Usattheratecf three and six-tenths (2 6-10)
IT cent per annum and on ordinary deposits
at the rate of three (Z) per cent per annum.
VT % T 5?^ es - W ' 1U ** P a y*b'e on and after
S. U ABDOT JR.. Secretarj-.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
CEuccesecrs'to .Flannagan * Clallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL Dl.ltECTOUS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth rt.. opposite Lincoln ScbooL
Telephone South SO. v
OFFICE of the Hlbcrnla Saving* and Loan So.
clety.ccrr.er Market McAllister and Jon£
Mr.. Fan Francisco. June 17. l*>0 —At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of Directors of this
Bocietjv held this day. a dividend has been
d«-«ls.red at the rate of three and one-elehth
«3't> r«T cent per annum on ail deposits for
the fix months ending June 20. 1300 free from
»:i taxes, and payable on and after July l_
_ li-00. ROSERT J. TODLV. Secretary.
SAVINGS and Ix;an Society. 101 Mor.tromery
rt.. corner of fruttPr— The Board of Directors,
declared a dividend for the term end:ng June
£0. U00. at the rate of three and one-quarter
(*'.;> per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taaes. and payable on and after July 2.
1S00. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the came rate of dividend as the
principal from and after July l. isoo
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Ean Francisco Savings
Union, t'2 California «t.. corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June
1S00, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and six-tenths (J 6-10) per
ctct on terra deposits and three (5) per cent
en ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
en and alter MONDAY. July 8. woo.
NOVELL WHIT5; Caablwb
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.EASTERN MARKETS.
The Giant Powder Company has declared divi
dend No. 19 of 73 cents per share. : \ -':»
¦ » ¦ '
The Logansport (Ind.) and Wabash Val
ley Natural Gas Company on October 1
ra'lsed the price from |26 to $38 per year
for two stoves.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84^i
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — 4 S7&
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12^4
Fine Silver, per ounce — ei',4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4S14 —
Wheat and Other Grants.
WHEAT— The French markets were firm and
the English weak, with buyers Indifferent.
Chicago, which closed Friday at 81%c, opened
at SIVic, and closed at 80c. There were more
buyers than sellers at the decline, but the mar
ket was nervous and unsettled, support was
lacking, and finally buyers withdrew altogether,
though there was nothing In the crop news to
explain the weakness. Spring reports were still
worse, a special to the Chicago Herald from
St Paul placing the total of the three dry
States at 35,000,000 b"-'"^'' A rather bullish
feature was the strength in cash Corn.
Spot prices showed no material change, but
futures were lower.
The Liverpool Corn Trade News gives the fol
lowing list of •stlmated deficiencies in Euro
pean crops: France 80.COO.000 bushels, Ger
many and the United Kingdom 16.000.COO to 24,
000,000 bushels between them. The Russian offi
1 cial returns next autumn will almost certainly
' fall short of last season's extraordinarily large
! estimate by at least 40,000.000 bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling, Jl oau.
per ctl. >
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session'— S:15 o'clock— December—
€000 ctls, $113%: 2000. # 15H: 4000, $115.
Second Session— December— 4CO0 ctls, $1 151.4.
Regular Morning Session— 12,000 ctls. $1 151$.-
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
easy, though a choice bright lot of feed, might
bring 2l£c over the quotations.
Feed, 6V&®~i<ic for No. 1 and 62 1 ,4@65c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping . grades. 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— Nn salon.
Second Session — December — 8000 ctls, 73c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The market is steady at the revised
quotations, though the demand is nothing
extra, r
White, $1 10@l 25: Surprise, $1 27HW1 35; Red,
Jl«l 15; Gray, ?1 07&S1 15; Black, $1@1 10 per
ctl.
CORN— Eastern largeiYellow. $1 17«4@1 20 per
ctl: Eastern White, Jl l<fe©l 20 per ctl; Mixed.
Jl 15@1 17^.' • ,
RYE— 87&C for new and 92395c for old,
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60^3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40553 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 "ZQZ 10 per barrel for fam-
AP.RIVED.
' - ' Saturday. June 10.
US stair Sumner, Lyman, 23 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 13 days.
Hark Highland Light. McLure. 23 days from
Lahalna.
. f.ktn S G Wilder, Jackson. IS days from Hllo.
• Sohr Albion. Ooodmansen. S days from Co
qaille Itiver.
Sciir Eicoa Claudlno, Nielsen, lC'.j days from
Kahuiul. • ;•¦
• . > ¦; CLEARED.
: .. : -; ¦"-..' Saturday, Jun« jn.
Stmr Corona. Gielotr, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
: Br «tmr Doric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; O & O S S Co.
Stnir Stato of California, Gage, Astoria;
Goodall. Perklrs & Co.
Fr lnrk ilw:i- Molinos, Jan. Qaeenstown; L
Kauttman.
¦ Stmr Portland. Lundquist. Unalaaka and
CbemalEUs; Alaska Commercial Co.
.. ;. ... . : SAILED.
¦• ¦ ' ? .' ' ' Saturday. June 10.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jeosen. Victoria.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San DIpso.
Stmr Portland. Lund^ulst. Chemainus and
Unalastka. ¦¦•.
.Stair Crejcent City, Stock^eth. Crescent City.
Br stmr .Doric. Smith. Honolulu. Yokohama
and Hra;kt>nE. . ¦
. I ir . 31:1 j> .Marechal Sachet. Reade, Queens
town. : •: '¦¦-..
JJark Haydn Brown, Paulsen. Eureka.
. Schr Chas E Falk, Henninger, .
:' Schr. Lily.Bottger. irmpqua River.
." Schr Roy. Somers, Soiland. Grays Harbor.
". Schr Impossible, low. Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT; LCBOS. June 30. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 6 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 28. lat 50 N. Ion 9 W— Fr.baxk General
de Charette, froca Swansea, for gan Fran-
Cisco. :
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA — Sailed Juna 30— Stmr Navarre.
for .
I HONOLULU— Arrived June 23— Bktn Omega,
from nitrate ports; bark W B Flint, from New
York; ship L<Mii«lana, from Newcastle, Aua.
June 21 — Schr Pioneer, from Grays Harbor.
" 1"ORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 30— Schr
Alice Cooke, hence June 2u; schr John, A Camp
bell, from Honolulu.
Arrived June 3»— Bark Oakland and «chr Coro
na, from Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jnn» 30— Schr Abbier
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 23 — Ship Occidental,
henca June IS; schr Challenger, hence Juno 15.
June S'>— Shlr> Spartan, henca Juaa 17; »tm*
S"an bias, from Nome.
• Sa-::.'l Juni* 2-J— Stmr Cottase City, for Sltka-
POltT LUDLOW— Sailed Juna SO— CM1 bark
Antoinetta. for Valparaiso.-
L'MPQL'A— Sailei June 23— Schr Louise, for
San Pedro.
CAPE NOME— In port June 21— Stmr St Paul.
stmr Senator, stmr Oregon, stmr San Joee. stmr
• San Pedro, stmr Nome City, stmr Lakme. itmr
Albion, stmr Taeoma, stmr Olympia, stmr Cen
' tennlal. stmr S.iuth Portland, stmr Athenian,
stmr Elihu Thomson, stmr Alliance, stmr Va
lencia, stmr Luella. stmr Rainier, stmr Aloha,
stmr Thrasher, schr Thoa F Bayard: brig- W ti
Irwin. hence May 3: schr Seven Sisters, henc*
April 23: brig Leslie D. from Seattle; schr Fal
con, from Seattle: schr Fischer Bros.
' Sailed June 20— Stmrs Uumboldt anil Roanoke.
for St Michael.
Stmr San. Juan spoken 120 miles south eC
Nome. . ¦ .
Tark Mercury is on the beach.
Sailed Jun* 21— Stmr Valencia, for Golofla
Bay.
Stmrs Ohio and and Sa&ta. Ana will b* r«
leased from- quarantine June 27. All told there
are 4? vt^sels in port at Cape Nome.
NFA T 1 BAY— Passed June 30. at Jl a m— Strar
¦Fulton, from Cape Name, for Seattle. • •:
SALMON BAY— Arrived June 30— Schr A 11
Baiter;: from- Port Los Angeles. .
• E-UUEKA*— -Arrived June 30*-Stmr Alcazar,
hence June M£ schr ;. O U Kellogs. tieuc*
Sailed June 23— Schr Maxim, for Saa Fran
cisco. . " • •:" . , "•' . -.
Launched June 30— Schr laqua. .
Sa'.led June SO— Stmr Orizaba, for San Fran-
C 'l5)RT LOS ANGELES—Sailed June 30-rStmr
Mineola.- for Nanaimo. '."¦..' . ¦
IVEP.SENS LAN DING— Sailed June JO— Schr
Tteliance. for' San Franclscol
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 30— Stmr Mlne
clya, ¦ f^r Nanaimo. • •¦
CASPAR— Sailed. June SO— Stmr Cleone. for
San Francisco. ' » '. '
GItEEN WOOD— Arrived June SO-TStmr Alca
traz ".hence June 20. . - • : . "•
Sailed June 30r-Stmr .Whitesborj>, Tor Saa
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 30— Br ship Harlech
Castle, ircm Honolulu. . .
Sailed June 30— US stmr Adams, for . .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 30— Schr Fannle
Adele, frcia Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS:
HULL— Arrived June 23— Fr bark Mlreyhal
de Turenne. hence Feb 23.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived June 23r-Br bark In
verlyon, hence Feb C4.
' OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 30— Stmr Friesland.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed June SO— Strar La Gasco*ne,
for New York.
LI VKRPOOL— Arrived June 2D— Stmr Penn
land. from Philadelphia.
Salted June 30— Stmr Campania, for. New
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived (June 30 — Stmr
Southwark. from New York, for Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Sailed June »v— Stmr Minneapo
lis for London; stmr Graf Waldersee. for Ham
burg via Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr Lu
cania. for Liverpool;' stmr Maasdam. for Rot
terdam, via Boulogne: stmr -Aller. for Naples;
stmr City of Rome, for Greenock; stmr. State
of Nebraska, for Glasgow.
Arrived June JO— Stmr La Touralne. from
Havre.
BREMEN— Sailed June 23— Stmr Kcenigen
Lutr*. for New York., via Southampton.
GENOA— Arrived June 20— Stmr .Ems. from
New York. via. Nacles.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to> June 30-^Stmr
Thyra. from Portland and San Diego, via, Yo
kohama.
NEW YORK. June 30.— The weekly bank
statement shows the following changes:
Increase. Decrease.
Surplus reserve Jl, 332,525
Loans ?1.557,300
Specie 455.4<»
Legal tenders 133,800
Deposits ; 2.733.J00
Circulation 91,000
The banks now hold $16,859,376 in excess of
the requirements of the 23 per cent rule.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 20 — Close: Money en call,
nominal. No loans. Prime mercantile paper, 3%
*M's; per rer.t. Sterling exchange, steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 S^'i for
demand aim ti 83*4 for sixty days. Posted
rates. 14 M 1 -^ Sj and $4 S7U. Commercial
bills. J4 &317 4 >>3ii. Bar silver. 61'ic Silver cer
tificates, Cl>2-!iC2%c. Jlexiran dollars, 4SV3C.
Condition of 'the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 30<-To-day's state
n-.ent of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $i:.0,000,00« gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, 1154,428,698: gold. $70 673 24"
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were exceedingly slack and
uninteresting to-nay, particularly Americans.
Call money was 3 per cent, owing to th- half
year settlements, and the bank did a very
large loan business. The prospectus of the
impending Portland cement manufacturers will
sho'.v a cjipllal of £9.000,000. taking in thirty
t»"J properties and creating a virtual mo
nopoly.
CLOSING.'
LONDON, June 30.— Canadian Pacific. 9l*J;
Union Pacific preferred. 74; Northern Pacific
proferrcd. 73; Grand Trunk.. 6%c; Anaconda.
3S l i. Rar silver, quipt, 2SHd per ounce. Money,
IH&134 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK. June SO.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11. pfi barrels; exports. 16,739. Dull and nomi
nally 5® 10c lower to sell. Winter patents,' $4 25
(H 65; winter patents, straights, f3 99^4 10; ex
tras. $2 TiQS IS; low grades, |2 S0§2 93..
WHEAT— Receipts, . 32,973 bushels; Spot
weak: Xo. 2 red. gSVic f o . b. afloat ;• No. 3
red, S6'ie elevator: Xo. 2 red wheat, 86?io ele
vator; .\'o. 1 Northern' Duluth. W^c t: o. b.
aflo«t prompt. Options declined Sharply dur
ing -the afternoon under renewed domestic
liquidation, foreign selling and predictions of
showers in the Northwest.' The market finally
rallied a little on covering and closed steady
at "gfjl^c net decline: July 85-%^ S7%c, closed
*7Vio; September. S34'ftS7 1 .ic. closed "&6&c; De
cember. 'Sfi^ft^'ie, closed "86*ic. .". " . '
HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice, ' 1S39
rroj>; Ilifj.l4c: old. 3-§5c;.- Pacific Coast crop.
1SJ9." l<V513c; old 3@5c. •¦ ' .-. '
HIDES— Firm; California,.: 20 to 25 pounds,
avjt& .:¦ . :. . ; : ; ; : ,
WoOL^Domestlc fcace. 25c. • . : . . • '
• COFFEE— Mild, steady; Oordova. : O^i^lSMc.
Spot Carrie, -Rio. steady; '.Xe. 7.1nvblce. 8%'c'
Futures closed barely Ft>ady- at net "Unchanged
priresao flv* .points 'advance. .Tb-tal sales,'
12.2'i'1 'baKs,: Including; July, ' J7'33;' September,
J7fcf/7.3n; October, *.7 MQ 7 5.i; No-vember, $7 60"
March.- t7 K.6 7 i«i; May.. *7 pOST Sr,. .
PL"(!AU-l!aw, finp; Jfair i refining. 4 3-16c;
xeritrlfugal.. 9S.te'st.:'4 ll-16c< molasses •" sugar,
3 13-l6c; refltred flrm;.S'o: 6. 5.30c; No> 7,' 5 25c - '
No, 8. r..*uc: No. 9. 5.15c; No: 10. .5.Wc; 'No. 11.'
w.Uoo; ;Np.: 12.. he; No.- . 13,: .lc; . No. 14. : Sc:
-standard .A. • H.eoc; ' confectioners" ' A' r>.6Oc.;
mold A. 6.03<?;" cut- loaf.: 6.20c; crushed, 6.aic;
I>'otvdered, »".W>c; granulated. 5.80c; cubes. 6.93a
Rl'tTER-Recelpts, 14,122 packages. Market
quiet and weak; creamery, ¦ 17©'2Oc; factory.
i4^i6«ic. : • • ¦ . ¦ . . ¦ •
EGGS— Receipts, -6445- packages. Dull and Ir
regular; Western at mark, lf>4@12c for average
lots; Western, loss off. 13<314^c.
DRIED FRUIT IN" NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 30.— The market for
Evaporated Apples ruled dull but was steady.
California dried fruits were dull and nominal"
State Evaporated Apples, " common, 34<?£5e'
prime, iiVi'fliHc: choice. 5-'»i'g L 6Hc; fancy 7«i7iic'
PRUNES— California dried Prunes 3H@-7c per
lb as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12V£@14c; Moorpark, 15®
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c: unpeeled, 6:59c.
t " »
Chicago Grain Market.
* _ $.
CHICAGO,' June 30.— Wheat was only mod
erately active and weak most of the session,
although at the bottom the market tteadled.
It did not. however, show much recuperative
power. At the opening the market wag easy
because Liverpool showed no response to the
advance here yesterday and also because rains
were predicted for the Northwest. This caused
renewed liquidation through commission'
houses on a moderate scale, and as the demand
was rather elack the market slumped. The
European crop conditions were reported favor
able. Through an error Beerbohm's report was
made to show a shortage in this year's world
crop of only 15.000,000 bushels, but a correction
received later makes this 128,000.000. This was
of Influence In the recovery, such as It was
which made the close a bit better than the
bottom. August closed l',4<gl?»o.down at SlHc
Corn was quiet and although easy % early' in
sympathy with wheat and under the Influence
of rains In parts of Kansas and fair country
offerings recovered later on a good shipping
demand and closed steady, with a loss of *ic
from yesterday for August.
Oats were rather weak. August closed «tc
under yesterday.
Provisions were quiet and weak. The wh<»at
decline was of influence, but selling by pack
ers, who kept their reasons to themselves, was
the main factor. The close was weak, 12Uc to
25c down.
September pork left off with a loss of 23c
under yesterday, lard 12Uc down and ribs 13®
17Mtc depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Lo W . close
Wheat No. 2—
June ....i gou
July SIVi Sl% 79T4 (*>£
August ?2>,4 83 SI jjiti
Corn No. 2—
June 42 42U -41T4 4214
July 42 42l» . 41% 42U
August 42% 43 42JS 42%
Gets Xo.J- ;-.,/•
July 24 24<i ,23\i 23%
August "i% 24')5 21% 24U
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 65 12 70 12 62^ 12 52U
September 12 80 12 S3 12 72V^ 12 72'4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6S2'4 685 877;i"677M,
Heptember 7 00 7 02^5 6 90 6 92Vi
October .....7 00 7 00 6 95 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 124 7 124 7 00 .7 00
September 7 17>$ .7 17^4 7 C5 7 03
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
winter patents. $4 10®4 20; straits, $3 20®3 90;
SATURDAT. June 30—12 m
•¦ Bld.Ask.
Alpha -03 05
Alta 01 01
Andes CA 07
Belcher ........ 17 IS
Best & Belcher 27 23
Bullion 04 65
Caledonia -,.:...l 03 1 10
Chollar ' ¦ IS 19
Challenge Con. IS IS
Confidence 73 . —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 53
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. 01 —
Eureka Con.... 50 —
Crown Point... OS 10
Exchequer 01 f2
Gould & Curry. 12 13
Hale & Nor.... 25 2fi
Julia — 02
, ¦ '¦• Bid. Ask.
Justice ..:...... 06 "OS
Kentuck'. ;." — •¦' Cl
|Lady Wash.:*. — = 03
Mexican : .. '..:.. M ' .21
Occidental ..... 11- n
Ophir ;..; 70. 71
.Overman l<5 17
Potosl .;. IS 13
Savag« ." ".;.." n 17
'Scorpion -. OS - L 
iReg'Belcher 04 05
'Sierra Nevada. 29 30
j Silver Hill 39 40
iSt Louis :. 09 —
[Standard ,.4 00 —
j Syndicate „-. 07 C8
; I'nion Con...:.. 20 "Zi
Utah , 12 .14
Yellow Jacket. 14 -. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• LocaT .e.tbeks. and bonds, continued dull and;
unchanged. ' " . '. ; '". : •" '-.".¦•¦
The' mining stock boards will adjourn frois
Tues=day,"..the 3d, to . Jlcnday, the 9th. ¦ •
¦The Stock and Bond Exchange stands ad
journed to Saturday,' July 7. at 10:30 a. m.
The Geary-street. Park, and Ocean Railroad.
Comjarrj- has just declared its one hundred and
fifty-fourth dividend. of. 00 cents per share, pay
able on. July .2._ . - . '
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. . SATURDAY. Jun» 30—12 in..
• " Bid. A»k < I . Bld.AJi.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 34 J*i
4s «juar coup..ll5UH5Vt'i-Mutual.ErCo. VZ\ 13',
4s do reg.......U4^114V,O G L & H... 47\ 4S\
4s do cp- new'. .134 134\«!Pac Uas Imp.. 47 4S
3s quar coup..lb» lO9ia1 fate .1< t'o...^.. *:<". 4<^,
Miscellaneous— \S K G & E 43 4SH
Ca!-st Cab Cs..ll9 — fi-'an Francisco. 4?i »
C C Water 6s.lO9% — . i^iKn U & E Co lu —
Ed L & P 6s..l2$5*— Insurance— •
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — "113 IFirem'a Fund.238H —
Oeary-st-R £s. — W i Bank Stocks — -." .
H C & S 5^3. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6SH TO
Do Sb ."...'.,."..— " — . Bank of Cal... — —
h A Ry 5s....lM%i0S!i!Cal S D & T..105 - :
LA Lt Co 03. — "-r- First National — 290/
Do gntd ta~--r-~-'.'-'—. : - [Lon.P & A....131 133
L. A Bntd 3s,.:iOO" — ' (Merchants' Ex IS — .
L A P R R SSi— lOl^i'Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6*..1V<: — Savings Banks—
Do 1st XI.5s.llS — Ger S & L....1SJ0 —
NCNGR78. — 114 Hum S & L.- — —
N R of Cal 63.115^117 . [Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
Do Cs ..117»ill7?ii s F Sav U 605 " —
N P C R R es.191 . -T-. Sav &_ L, So.... 74 7S
Do 5s 1C3 - — . Sec Sav Bk.... — —
N Cal R R Cs.lll - 'Union T Co..,.— — .
Oak GL&H5S.111 il!»i -Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s...llSi4119V* California .....122% —
Oak W Co 5s.. — •— . ,Oeary-!T ; =u> _
Oceanic S Co.. 105% — --[Market-st Ry.. 63 • —
Om C Ry ts..l2S ~-r " S L & H.-.. - 4»H
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO4V4 — Presidio ....... 1« —
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California ..... — 1R0
Pac I.- t-nfiSs. — . — i ¦ Giant Con Co. S7 87%
S F.-&-SJV iis.lisaii.— Vigorlt ~....j 2% 3
S Ry of Cal 6s.lllv v U4 Sugar Ftocks— .
S P of A.8s...ll3 s 4ll4'i Hana S P Co. R% SS
SP C 6s(l>»oi).llu no'i Haw C &. S C SS 83t£
Do «190«> '.',:.Ttl\£ll*. Hohokaa S Cp 33 S3'4
Do < 1912) .::.H3 J22V- Hatch S P Co. — — •
EPRC lstgntSs — — " KUauea S Co. 19*4 —
R P Br 6s. ....130 — -Makawell S co 46Jj 47
S V Water 6s. 113 , r? Onomea S Co. — 27?4
¦ ¦'Do 4s :.-....-.103V4- — Paauhau S Co. 21 31'ri
Do 3d' mtg...l0lU -r—.- MiKCeilaneoua— ¦ :: ' : .
Stocktn Gas 6a 99. — ¦ Al Pack A3sn.ll7»411S
' Water -Ptocks^ ' Cal Fruit Asn. 9« . 100
Contra Costgu. 70 — aier Ex Assn:. 97 100
Maria rnunty..oi. .— Oceanic S Co. — 9311
Spring Valley. -94% 94"i Pac AF A .:. 1 —
Gas:& Electric—- " : Pac C Bor Co. 149 . . — -.
Cent n 1.-.QO-. — . — Par Paint Co.- 10 ' — ¦ ' -
Cent L & P Co 4U « .' . -. /. .. .':. " .
¦ ¦¦' ¦ ' ' . ' ' Morning Session. ¦ . ; . ¦ : ' '
. • Board-* • •
R0> Honbkaa „..>.¦..„..... S3 Ofli
23 Hutchlnson S P Co. 24 f;?u.
lOKHauea. Sugar P Co.; : 13 J7Vi
..'•53. Market Street Railway 63 25
. 25 Mutual Electric Ught 12 73
I'W Pa*uhau S P Co.......:......... 31 12U
jliXW S F & S J V bonds. ;... ua CO
• - ... Street—." •-¦.".¦"¦•-*..'¦¦.
10 Honokaa, S Co .'......... ......;.. 33 00
23 Mutual Electric Light <.,...';., 12 75
. 10 Paauhau; S P Co....;,.....,........... 31 CO :
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. ."
'¦'¦¦.. ¦ . ; . Moriiinr Session. . ... . ..
lOOHomeiOU ......,...........:;...;.....„ 435
: -sOTwenty-eight . ..i... .......... ........^ 1 13
¦ ". ' . -.' ' ' , MININO STOCKS.; \''
: Thfe following were .the sales in 'the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
V ' *"-*: •¦ -^ Morning .Session. '-. -.
2m CJioIlar ......J. IS 50 Ophlr... _, 73
" 3P0 Con Cal & Ya..i 53 • ICO Potosl ...—..,.. 19
aon.Con Cal & Va..l fri] 100 Savage .......... 17
1W Ju-stice. -....>...• OJI ¦ ' , V ; : ¦ ¦
¦ The f ollowlnz . were the sates In the. ' Pacific
Stock board -yesterday:.- ... .- -. ¦ .-"
,: ' • "" ' . .. Morning 1 . Session. ¦ . .; •- : "
500 Belcher ,.......: 17 1P0 Ophlr ....;...^ 71
200 Chollar : :., IS 200 Overman ,. 16
116 Cori Cal ft; ; Va..l 53 Spo Union Con . 20
.' -400 Hale & Nor.'... ¦ '25 500 Yellow Jackets II
-00 Ophir.,:-. , 72. ' " .' ." =' . . - - - "".
•¦sr
NEW YORK, June 30.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Apricots—
Royal*, small crate, $1 55@2 30, average Jl 62.
Plums— Abundance, crate. 6ocQ$l 10. av
erage S5c: Burbanks. S5c®Jl 30, average 51 IS;
Ft. Catherine, 65(U5>5c. average 77c; Royal na
tives. 70@S5c, average 79c. Prune3— Simoni,
small crate, SOciill 10, average 88c; Tragedy,
Jl 10W1 85, averages Jl 30. Weather hot; tight
cars sold to-day.
BOSTON. June 30.— The Karl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auwlon to-day and
realized the following prices: Peaches—Alex
ander, gmall crate, C0c@U SO, average $1 32;
Hale's Karly. COcGti 60, average Jl 41. Plums—
Clymans, small crate, 5O?;&Jc, average 62e.
Prunes— Tragedy, small crate, $1 30<a2, average
$1 44. Cherries— Royal Anne. box. S'.citjl 15, av
erage 65c; Black Republicans, 45c§U 05, aver
age SI. Seven carj sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, June 30.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Plums — Botang. average
S5c: Peach, Jl 40. Prunes— Slmonl, small crate,
BQCfcOc, average 8."c; Tragedy, $1 10©l t>0, aver
age Jl 20. Five cars 6old to-day.
CHICAGO. June 30.— The Earl Fruit Company
: realized the following prices for California fruit
Fold at auction to-day: Pears— Bartletts. box,
J4. Plums— Abundance; C0C&SI; Botans, small
i crate, KicSJl 10, average 9Sc; Burbanks, 65cij>
Jl 20, avorage 91c; Mikado. t>0Q75c; average G5c.
Prunes— Slmoni, small crate. Jl: Tragedy. $1 10
(Til TO, nverage jl 3«. CherrieFt Tartarians. box.
7."ic@Jl So, average $1 05; Black Republicans, Sue
@J1 30, average jl 02; Royal Anne, 2Sc©Jl 3u, av
erage S5c. Six cars sold to-day; favorable
weather.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June SO.— CATTLE-Rwlpts, 300.
Nominally steady. Good to prime native
steers. J5 25Q5 SO: poor ta medium. }i oOfj-5 10;
selected " feeders, $5 20Jf 3 SO; poor to medium.
J4 f.0^5 10; selected feeders, $3 7C(fT$4 70; mixed
stockers, J2 KW73 50; cows, $2 90^4 40; heifers,
$3^4 c*; canners. J2'g4 75; bulls, $2 10'QU 40;
calves. $4 5O<06 ;>0: Texas fed steers. Jl 4O'g5 20;
grass Ftoers, $3 &01J4 25: bull*. $2 7S&3 3o.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 2^.000; to-morrow,
88,000; left over, 3C0O. Generally a shade higher,
closing easier, top $5 30. Mixed and butoheiV,
SZ lOiffj 27%: good to.choice heavy. $5 2'yHb 30;
routrh heavy. Jo 0J!g5 1 15; light. Jj®j 2,j; bulk of
sales. $5 20?T5 22'-i.
SHEI3P— Ueoelpts 3000. Sheep and lambs,
strong and active. Good to choice wethers.
Jl 20fr4 90; fair to choice mixed, $3 ;r,f?4 25;
Western sheep, ' $4 10@4 75 : Texas sheei>. J3 W
on iO; native lambs. $. r ).f7(i li>; Western lambs,
%o CvliS; spring lamba, s:4n>\ 50.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 30. — The brokers* price
! Tor lead, tl 10; Cr»pper, ?16 23^16 50; Casting
' Copper, l.i}4c.
ADD N T PRODUCE . UHUH
Foreign Markets.
. LONDON, June 20.— Consols, 100%; Silver,
2$Ud; French rentes, lOOf 17V4c; Wheat cargoes
on passage, buyers Indifferent operators; Walla
Walla 23s 6d. ' • ¦ •
LIVERPOOL, June 30.— Wheat, .firm: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 5Hd@6s 6d; Wheat in
Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, Bteadyr
COTTON— Uplands. 5 11-15J. "
CLOSING.. . ;
. "WHEAT— Spot, dull; Xo. 1 Northern spring.
6s 4H d i N<j, 2: California, 6a 6d/?j6s 7d. Futures.
—Quiet; July,; {s 3}id.; September! 6s 5%d; De
cember, nominal; • .- ' . " • ." '•
¦ CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new. 4s
Hd : American mixed, old . 4s 4d'. • Futures-^
Quiet: July. 4s Ud; Sentember. 4s l*i<\. .',
FLOUR— St. Louts fancy winter, firm, «s 3d.
Portland's Business. .-.._.; - :>
.."PORTLAiCD. -Or...; June- 30.— Clearings. J244,
233; balances, . $35, 926. • : . : . . .¦
. : Northern Wheat Market. . . : [
;:.:.¦ " : ; ' qregcjn: • •'• : : :
PORTLAND, June .SO.-tln .the' Portland
market matters; are rather quiet; with consid
erable., wheat- offering at" price*-' which were
obtainable a. Vfew. days "ago." ..The nevir tereal "
5-ear opens with over- l.OW.OW." bus'hela -" Of
wheat on s>nof. -ji--'-: ' . •¦ • ' •' ¦¦ ' - "
. Quotatifjna tp-rday . were nominal .at :>" 57058c
for both Wall-a ; - Walla and -Valley, and: COc for
blueste'm. The new -crop is coming ajong- in ¦
flnei shape and t.he "harvest Will. be at-.leasta
month earlier 1 than "usual. ¦ "The. Pacific Coast'
Elevator' 'Co.' to-day received at-:their warehouse '
at 'Whitman. tWash:, 300 sacks of • new '.cirqp
lilucFtem whljCh tested sixty : pour>ds and was "
in splendid' condition-. . This Is earlier by. rtear
ly a- month than wheat -has ever before ..been
received in thjs locality arid from reports har-.
¦vest will be in full blast alt over the Inland
empire within a week! : - ; •• ""
WASHINGTON. :
TACOMA. June S^.— Wheat. %c higher.- Blue-
Etem, 69c; Club. 57c; both for export. •
Associated Banks' Statement.
TrtE STOCK MARKET.
TO SAII
Charters.
Th« M. E. Watscs was chartsred prior to
wrivsJ fcr wheat to E"urere. S5s M.
The Trt'plo Bird load* merchandise for Ta
biti.
Exports of Salmon.
Exports cf eilmon from thl» pert during the
Cr»t flve rr.T.ths of the year arr.runt to 164.
2SS cases and Itt^ packages, valued at $»"S1.270.
against 11S.37S cases and 4^3 packages at flSC-
C30 fcr the facie time laft year.
A Wheat Cargo.
The French fhip Marie Molinos cleared yes
terday for Qaeenstown for orders, with o?,
797 ctls wheat, valued at KMMI, and 22. w<0 ft
lumber danr.age, value $330. Total value,
$65,730.
Merchandise for Victoria.
Tfce steamer Cltj- of PueWa sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo valued at
f! s ,O42. manifested as follows:
F^r Vancouver— 4 crs sewing machines, 12 cs
Crucs. 16* pks> hardware. 23 cs dried fruit.
12'. cs oannM goods. 24*) lbs c~ffee. 302 ft
barSwood, C7 fks beans, 13) grindstones, C1
rkes paste, 735 sks malt, 4S boxes lemons, SO
iV.cs dri°d fruit. 13 rs canned fruit. 215 Ibt
<juu-k5iivtr. 2i ca canned meats. S353 rkes
Jr.:ir. 20 cs chocolate. 26 bdls cordage,' € t.bls
v hi^Ky, 2i r\ls ras, f^'.O 1 '^ ft fute, 23 k^-cs
lif. 'I.-, v' r-kfTF raisins, 77m sU.- |v,tatof:s. 145 sks
oni"]?. tii pals 20 cs wine. Value. J12.1C3.
i" r Vicj.-rja— 1(C cs cannr-d go<x!s. 12 bbls i-il,
?* p*cs prjeeries ard jTovjeions. 2C0 ]>kgs dric-d
zr-,:-:. 1" ! Ks blaster. K(«Vj Ib> soda. ¦ rfcgs hard
m-are, 6TS Ral* li cs wine, !3 cs cheese, 731 lbs
rrfff-f. C i kps r«*5-te, k?is F;ikes, 20 pkgs
Fa:t ?M\ 'I j'k.w fruit. SS pKps raisins. 27a fks
m.,!t. M sks lw>-ms. 30 bales palt, VA jikgs vege
tal Yam, 25 1-oxes lemons. Value. J38M*.
Merchandise for China and Japan.
Tho steamer Doric Fai!c-d yesterday for China
nr..l J.-jfjin with a g-eneral cargo, manifested as
CoUwst
For CWra, J1W.3TS: for Japan, J4<:.402; tor Ma
nila. i!3.0S6; foe Easi Indies, J1337. Total,
iU3.t7Z
(tmoOK tl<*- princiijul shipments were the fol
1 wire:
F". r fhina— €70 f)is leans'. <oS c? canned goods.
I'.- 1 .' f;kps rtr">d fish. 10'i pkgs pearl barley. 45 cs
r. •! meal, i'23 \\l%* groceries and provisions.
'!.»«-, 37*j ce liquors. C1.-2" gals bottled
\< <r S rolls Ir-athor. 240 cs canned meats. 120
a v Usky. 10 or ¦imuiIi ii syrups. 123 cs canned
fruit, £1 cs chocolate. 42 rkffs dried fruit. 100
c;- ii ap. K2 rY» sea wwi, 24 cs lamps, 2 f K) kegs
::;.i! . i*. 2iO l>b!s flour. fiTS cs dry goeds, 1% pkgs
machinery. 9 cs champagne.
F r Japan— T.ZZ rkjes »r:i>oeries and provisions.
4M> rf canrn] c:^^^. I." cs rubber goods. 10 cs
liqmn, 173 cs canned fruit, IS pkps dried
trait, T7 i-kc? hardware. 29 rolls leather. tQZ
pals win*. S3 cs whisky, ST bdls shocks. I bales
hides. Q pkgs printing ink. € typewriters, 11
T>kps *-!w-trif*al Fuppliei". :20 kees saurkraut.
2M* IbF ccfTee. f crs bicycles and sundries, ~i
Jkc5 rr.r.rhjnery. 230 kepR 18 cs nails. 1421 r-kps
•rlre rbortli lt'-40 cals lxittled beer, 3 cs watches,
!'¦ ¦'" pk«i rumps -and rifinK-
Tor Manila— SS cs whisky. 6 cs hardware, <5 rs
f- EBO ff 127 cask* bottled beer. 30 r^»s ma
<-hlr.<i7-. IT, : :• k-~ typewriters. 154 pkjrs groceries
ar. ¦'. prorlMOBS. 4 cs photngraph Eupplies, 25 crs
li''j ¦¦.-!««, 73 cs canned flsh, 46^ lbs breads. C".
c* »ir.<r, 10 cs liquors, 6 cs fport ing goods, 10
cf canned meats.
Ft Ha Ft Indicf-Pt. rs canned salmon. SO
pkgs groceries and provisions. ;
Treasure Shipment.
Th» I>oric took out a treasure lift of iCs^.nSTi.
cr.«ist;ns of Jl^.711 in Mexican dollars. {2^75 in
t'Ai coin and JCTl^Tir* in t liver bullion. ¦ .
Bank Clearings.
IjOcp.! tar.k clrarir.gs la^t we*>k were:$l*.?£3.-
ae :¦'• J".5 v WS,71 f >'for the. tame week last
year. F -r the month of June they w^re $S4.-
CU.ZZZ. iii.. : !n5t tn.r-Js.PM In June, 1S93. For the
first hi.)- .f the year they .'were . J4CI.0S3.340,
against 5r- :.4>;,3'7 last year. - .
Produce Exchange Sales.
Produce Ex-anre <:«11 ' fales In June were
135.100 tons «tieai S n1 il.000 tons larley," making
tmal sales for V. ¦ crop yfar of 1W-1300 of 1,437,
600 ton* wheat tr-i ifii .&ng- tons barley. ;
Stajle Imports. ;
Imports nf ftaplf- r- series st this pnrt dur-
Sng th« flr?t five mtrmSi of the year are as fol
lows. con.par»Hl with tl Kame tjme in itSH Of
rio*. 24.tls.7W H>(=.. rslo«4 at S.'lo.fW). ".against
SM7T.W0 lbs at J73.'. 7*-'-: < . flV-e", lS.ft42.009 Ibx at
JI.KS.SOO. "againFt. IT. V.X- ¦ tbs-at $1 M4 9Wi- tea
<BS.«M lbs at J72.300. : M»laBt l.r.rc, w«o- ib»> at
$:::-. 730 i hUK»r. 122.04f>.<^ Ibi &t $;.iC3,13<.>.-agair.et
130,r.0?,400 lbs at $4,954.r#<».
Weather. Report.
O2*th Meridian— Pacific Time).
FAN FRANCISCO, Jur.r ;o. 5 p. m .
The frillowinjt maximum tpmp/r;-.tures were
TOMttgS from stations-ln California to-<«ay:
F.urrka WRfd niufT g6
M jnt Tamalpais... 7S ' Sacra m«"nt'i -. p;
ZrAfT-rirAf-zite '¦• SI Fan Luis Ob'.gjio 76
Vrepr.f, ...^ ?>;San DIpro 6S
L^ Afipdes '. ?b!
f^ax Franeltco data:- Maximum temj/rrature.
CJ; miirimum,; £2: mean. 60. .
VrnATJIFTK CONDITIONS AND CEXERAL
.. . • FOnrCAST^
The pressOrc h»s risen rapidly over the north-
?rn iK^tion of the Pacific .Slope and eastward
Jn »he.'Mi?<;our! Valley. An area of low prr-s
r::re tmrUtt the Missouri Valley and exter.dn
otbCMtwara as .far as l"tah. The usual hid.
tan Ir^.- overlies the vallry of the Colorado.
Th'-r» has l;efn a derided fall in temperature
ovrr.Nev.-.'ia. l*tah ar.<1 northweFt" tf> the inter
r.atlor.p.l boundary. AV V>'Ian«^nucca there has
jbeea a;- fail o.f is degrees In the past twenty
four hours. In the great valley of California
th« temperatures are slightly above the nor-
BTJll.
f~ Fliow>i» nre r* > r»^ r t''d over Washington,
;-Cor;V;f_m Or'jrcn and Idaho.
.A moiimum wind velocity of twenty-six
nifea T*r ho-jr:frc.ni the wert Is reported at
-Neah -Bay. . ¦
A trilre of rain Ig re.port'd at-I>r« Angele*.
ForecaFt ir-a^e at San Franci?fv> for thirty
,nours ending midnight July 1 • 1500:
Northern '\i!!forn<a-Fa!r Sunday: continued
:w*rm weatlier: brUk northerly win's In the Jn
torlorr fmh r.«t Pr |y ..vir.ds on the coast.
• R"uthrm California-pair Sunday. .
r-on?cn da - l£!r **»***¦• war^ r !a a^ rthcra
T'tah-Clmjay Sunday.
Arizona — Fair Sunday.
•, S . a . n " F -uIl' !CO nd vlr; -»r-Fair Funday:
..izht northerly cbar.rlr.rr to brisk westerly.
wind*. ALEXANDER G. McAPIE.
' Forecast Official.
! Movements were on an insIgniAf-ant scale and
; the market was abiost stagnant during the fore
i part of the Fusion. The dropping tendency in
j the wheat 'and cottcn markets had the effect
!. of Kiffeaiag quotations for some of the rall
• road stocks, which opened depressed en the
soor^ ".of f>i*oli3.t">lc cro j> djimnpc l'rio^s lift'!
dropped back somewhat, when the appearance
of the bank Vtat-»ment caused some covering
bv room Fhorts. The movement was, hotfever,
so :f*eble. that there were some recessions, mak
ing the rlr>s<» irregular and very dull. The loan
item nt the banl^ftat'ment confirmed the fore
cast of thrpe dih|»atches that the liquidation of
sterling loans was probably keeping pare with
the demand fcr new loans to provide fr>r th°
Julv l?t Bettlencnta. This Is the oniv possible
explanation of the decrease in the loan account
of 51..V7.3f». The increase in cash of $649,200
als> fuifiils the expectation that some of the
week's nrquirements for cash had already lx>en
anticirate-1 in latt week's bank statement.
With the ferr.i-ar.nual Settlement period thus
comfortably tided over, the conclusion is rea
sonable that the disbursement* of July 1 of
the large dividend and interest rajTnents will
injure an adequate supply of loanable funds to
meet the .i-oming dt-mands for the crop move
ment. The bond markft has furnished a bet
ter in-^t-x than the stock market of the coming
ease in money and continued linn to-day, as it
hus been all week.
Prices of stocks are generally higher after a
week of great Irregularity and varying fluc
tuation?. The buying has come to a large ex
tent from the thort interest and there has been
no. evidence of a substantial Investment buying.
Bonds have li«*-n firmly held and have ad
vanced on a small volume of business. Untted
States refunding »s when Issued advanced » s
and new 4s declined K in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
L Shares CIo>=ins
' Sold. Stock- Sold.
2"0 Atchison 2S'»
E,4:i3 Atchison preM 71>s
4.OS5 Baltimore & Ohio 7H*
1<V Canadian Pacific S3
i"J Canada southern 4^'i
is; Chesapeake & Ohio 25
170 Chicago Great Western ">'.'"»
3,"u3 Chicago, Uurlington & Qulncy 123^t
... Chicago.. Ind & Louisviile IS?*
... Chlcatro. Ind & Louisville prefd 48
Chicago & Eastern Illinois.. S5
£00 Chicago & Northwestern 158
400 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 104',i
5uO C C C Ac St Louis 67
Colorado Southf-m 6
Colorado Southern lat prefd 40
Colorado "Southern 2d prefd 15
....... Delaware <fc Hudson US
Delaware, Lack <fc Western 176
Denver* Rio Grande 174
....... Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie 11
Hrie 1st prefd 33 ¦
190 Great Northern prefd. 149
Hocking Coal 13
100 Hooking Valley 334
ten Illinois Central 1W;
127 Iowa Central 17V
! Iowa Central prefd.^ 44
j Kansas City, PittEburg & Gulf....... 14
....... Lake Erie & Western....;.. 26
Lake Frie & Western prefd S8
....... Lake Shore WSMi
MM I>5uisville & Nashville:..; 74'»
4W Manhattan Elevated R6 l 4
¦ ZZ7 Metropolitan Street Railway 146^
....... Mexican Central 12 5 »
100 Minnear^clis & St Louis 46^
l,4-"0 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 88.-.
HiO Missouri PaciHc 47U
100 Mobile & Ohio.. 34
I'M) Missouri, Kansas & Texas.. ..... 10
I-jO Missouri. Kans AL- Texas prefd 30U
2M' New Jersey Centrai.V.'.i .: 124
300 New York Central..., ;....... ..-..Vn^i
....... Norfolk & Western.- > 32'.»
,... : Norfolk & "Western prefd...- ;.... 75 '
3.583 Northern Pacific > 51'-i
2.C19 Northern Pacilic prefd | ,:....70H
3C-0 Ontario & Wt-istern ;: ;...,. U>\
...-:-.. Oregon. Railway & Navigation 42
....... Orepnn Ry & Navigation prefd .. 76
3,220 Pennsylvania »— i 126%
-t2i> Reading : . " ......; . 16»*
0<jO Reading let prefd.. ;....'.¦.-..., »i\
....'.'.. Rf-ading 2d prefd « :.. 2014
....... Rio Grande Western.,;... ....;. .<..-. ...^-SS'v -
....i.. Slio Grande Western prefd.. , S6'i-t
........ -St I>iuis & f^ah Krancisco;.. ." S?% j
Pt Li^uis & Pan Fran" 1st -prefd...... ¦ 65l| I
Cr^' Ht I^uls &• San Fran 2d. pre^d......;. ZW
'....,.-. Pt Louis, Southwestern .: ..... SV*
i^O' St Louis, Southwestern prefd..... ;... 23H.
2.S11 St Paul -..--.... .i.i .- ", lOSt-s
........ Pt Paul r>refd ¦ .- ..¦..-..•......-...". 171 .
....'. ;• Pt Paul 6c OmahaV.... ............110.
• litn Southern Pariiic .';...'.;;.:. 32H
in© Southern Railway .".". '........'. l f i"»
tCK»" Southern Railway prefd ,...: JO»i
*«O Texas & Pacific.. .:.-....'... '.¦...•....•..¦».'. U^t
.l, : i30 .Union Pacific V... ...... 5.0
1,1W» I'nion Pacific prefd....,: ....'.' ..:. 71*i
....i... Wabash ., : ....' 7 :
123 Wabash rrefd; : :-... 17*6
S08 \Vhee!lrig & L-E ;¦¦. 8Vi
- 3W WheeliiiK & L' E prefd " 22 .
....... Wisconsin Ceafral ...: lS'.i
Express. Companies—
...;... Adams :¦ • ..115
....:.. American -. : 150
....:.. United States ; .- 43
:.. "Wells Fargo '¦ 120
Miscellaneous —
J50 American" Cotton Oil 32U
...."... American Coton Oil prefd SS
American Malting 3
;.. American Malting prefd 18
500 American Smelting and Refining 35%
,... : .-.. American Smelting & Refining .pfd. Sfi
........ American Spirit? -. l%%
....-.'.. American Ppirits prefd 77
100 American Steel Hoop 13
....:.. American Steel Hoop prefd t«
.1.420 American Steel & Wire 3n%
11<) American Steel & Wire prefd 70%
1'iQ American Tin Plate 19\4
100 American Tin Plate prefd 75%
2.(>Z0 American Tobacco 89vi
American Tobacco prefd 129
110 Anaconda Mining Co..~,.j 40*6
S.2C0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ...: 64
JflO *"olorado Fuel & Iron 31*4
230 Continental Tobacco 23H
Continental Tobacco prefd "(Hi
W) Federal Steel ; SiVi
10» Federal Stef] prefd 63*i
General Electric 127U
Glucose Sugar 4S
Glucose Sugar prefd 98
1(V> International Paper. 22
TO) International Pap^r prefd 64'4
Laclede Gas 70
C10 National Biscuit 2S*4
National Biscuit prefd 80
National L?ad 19>4
...: National Lead prefd 65
2.10 National Steel 24
10<i National Steel prefd 84^4
9<» New York Air Brake 135
North American 1414
225 Pacific Coast : 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd to
Pacific Coast 2d crefd em
Pacific Mali 26^
SJO People's Gas $6*;
600 Pressed Steel Car 4414
Pressed Steel Car prefd 73
Pullman Palace Car ...179
Standard Rcpe & Twine S
5,650 Sugar 114
Sugar prefd /....lM
2.2C0 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67>(,
2?3 United States Leather &\
220 United States Leather prefd 66
Unit»d States Rubber 24<£
§1?2 United States .Rubber prefd 92 l ,4
Si2 Western Union A 79U
100 Republic Iron & Steel Co..X 10^4
230 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 63»4
I P C C & St Louis 58
Third Avenue no
CS.600 Shares Fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refdc reg M K & T 2ds G1U
when issued K'2"» Do 4s gji^
Do coupon 1C*» N* Y Cent lsts 111%
Do zs reg 100 N J Cent gen Es..l22>i
Do 3s rcg 103 Northern Pac 3s... 60
Do 3s coup 103 ! Do 48 ..lo*f£
Do r.cw 4s reg.. ..134 N Y C & St L 4s.lO8
Do new 4s coup.. 134 IN & W con 4»..... WH
Do old 4s reg lWVi'Or Nav lsts ..W
Do old 4s coup.. .115 Do 4s 1014
Do 5s reg 113 Or Short Line 6s..l27V»
Do 5s coup 113 Do con 5s 113%
Dis of Col 3.65s.... 123 Reading Gen 4s.... SSH
Atchison Gen 4S...10CT6 It G.W l»ts. ....... 9S»i
Do adj 4s... tVA, St L & I M con fis.110
Canada. Sou Jds....lMiVS L & S F Gen Cs.125
TO ARRIVE
.. • LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— .. July.. Sept.
Opening ; 6 3*i 6 5^4
Closing 6 3?*. 6 5U
PARIS.
Wheat— ' July. . Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 75 22 10
Closing ; 20 45 22 05
Flour-
Opening 28 25 29 05
Closing 28 00 2000
Ches & Ohio 4>*s.. 69
l>o 5s 116V'-
C & N con 7s 140 "
Do^ F Deb 5s.. 120
Chic 4s J»3
Colorado Sou 4s S4%
D ft R G lsts 102
Do 4s W%
E T V & G lsts... 103',
Erie Gen 4s 17
F W Si D C lsts.. 7<Hi
General Elec 5s 117»i
Iowa Cent lsts 112
K C P & G lsts.... 6S
L & N Uni 4s....lOO',i
St Paul Con 170
St P C & P lsts... 119«4
Do 5s 120'i
Southern, Pac 4s... 78
Southern Ry 5s....H0Vi
Stand R & T 6s... 70
Tex & Pae lsts 11U4
Do 2ds 5S
Union' Pac 4s 106''i
Wabash lsts llS'i
Do .2ds..... 100*4
West Shore 4s 114H
Wis Cent 4s S3%
Va Centuries 91
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Chollar : 13
Crown Point 06
Con Cal & Va 1 45
Deadwood 40
Gould & Curry.... 10
Hale & Norcross.. 22
Homestake 50 CO
Iron SIK'er .... 55
Mexican ;. .18
Ontario 6 75
Ophir ..; 65
Plymouth 10
Quicksilver 1 yfl
Do prefd ex-div. 7 00
Sierra Nevada .... 26
Standard :... 3 50
Union Con ¦ 17
Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money —
Call loans 2H@3<4c
Time loans 3<ig4c
Stocks —
Atchlson 25*-i
Do prefd 71*fc
Am Sugar -ll^'i
Do prefd 114
B^5tcn <t Albany.. 242
Boston Elevated... 137
Boston & Maine... 118
I' B & Q 123?g
Dom Coal 38
Do prefd 113
Federal Steel S1U
Do prefd 64
Fitchburg prefd... 13S',i
Ed Elec 111 205
Mexican Central... 12^
Mich Telephone S7', 4
I.' E Gas & Coke.. 15
Old Colony 202
Old Dominion 17
Rubber 24^
Union Pacific 49?»
West End 92
Bends —
Atchisbn 4s 99U
N E Gas& Coke 5s 63*i
Mining Shares —
Adventure 2
Allouez Min Co 1
Amal Cop "ex—dlv. MSi
Bcston & Mont 2S0
Butte & Boston... C2
Calumet & Hecla..720
Centennial 16
Franklin 12U
Osceola 60
Parrot 40^;
Qulncy 135
Hanta Fe Copper.. 4 1 !
Tamarack 176
Utah Mining 23
Winona 2^
Wolverines 35
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
clears, $3.^3 70; spring specials, $4 75@4 85; pat
ents, $3 60!f 4 20; straits, $3 20Q3 70; bakers'.
$2 30@2 SO; No. 3 spring wheat, 7fi@"SHc; No. 2
red. S2c; No. 2 corn, 42*»®"42%c; No. 2 yellow,
424g@42&»c; No. 2 oats, 24«24\ic; No. 2 white,
26H'826 I .ic; No. 3 white, 25*4 1& 26*4 c: good feeding
barley, 40c; fair to choice malting, 44@4Cc; flax
seed. 1180; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 £0; prime
timothy seed, $3 10; mess pork, per bbl, $11 40®
J2 55; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 65@6 77>i: short ribs
sides (loose). $6 S5Q7 15: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6%@7c; sh.ort clear sides (boxed), $7 40
@7 50; -whisky. ' basis of high- wine3, $123;
sugars, cut loaf, fAic; granulated, 6'.92c; con
fectioners" "A." 5;8Sc; off A, 5.73c; clover, con
tract grade, $3. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels , 17,000 5,000
Wheat, bushels 68.C00 39.00:)
Corn, bushels.. .'...566,000 C27.0OO
Oats, bushels 306.0CO 380.000
Rye, bushels........ 1,000
Barley, bushels.... 2.000 1.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. 14rgi9Vic; dairy, 13
®l«V4c; cheese, steady. SHtSlOUc; eggs, fresh,
lie. . • . •
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
months'. llfflSc; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months", ll@13c; Southern Mountain, defectlre.
7 months'. Wiil2c; Humboldt and Mendaclno.
17@19;: Nevada. 14617c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5@10c per lb; new. 9©10c
. San Francisco Meat Market.
In spite of receipts from the East,- Hog» are
still reported' in inadequate supply and firm at
the quotations below. Other- meats are un
changed. " • ¦'•¦'. • "¦ .
BEEF— 5®6e per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7H*rS>2c: small. 8SSc per lb.
MUTTONS— Wethers,. 7HSSC; ewes, 7®7^c
per pound.
LAMB-Sprln«r. StjJc per lb. :: .
PORK— Live Hogs. 6g«i«c. for small. o^Ua^c
for medium and 5>jflS5*ge for large: stock Hogs
and feeders, 5Hc;- dressed Hogs, S#Sc ¦ ¦ . .
General Merchandise.
" BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Hc; Wool Bags. 2S*i©32Vic;
Fleece Twine," 'Vie; Fruit. Bags. 6HS6?*o for
white and SU"3S%c for bleached Jute. .
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; ceW Welling
ton, $8; SouthAeld Wellington. $S; Seattle, $<5;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay $5- 50; WalUebd. »s; Co
operative Wallsend, $a; Cumberland. $12 in bulk
and. $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke, $16 per
ton in bulk and $19 In sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, SS 45 per 200ft pounds.- ¦
SUGAR— :The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quptes. per.lb, in 100-lb bags:- Cubes, A
Crushed and Flfse Crushed, 5.9<}o; Powdered.
5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c; Dry Granulated;
5.40c; Confectioners'. A, 5.43c: Magnolia A. 5c:
Extra C, 4.90c; Golden C. 4.S0c: barrels. 10c
more;, half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c. more;
5G-lb bags, "10c more. .No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels' or its- equivalent. Domisos, half
barrels,. 6.13c; boxes, 6.40c per lb. ; .-
Receipts of Produce. , "¦'.'.
FOR SATURDAY. JUNE 30. ; • ;
Flour,- qr sks'.:... 6.840 Onions; sks 1,420
Wheat. ct!3. .....' 6.013 Bran, sks ....."-¦84f>
Hartejv ctls 12.020- Middlings." sks... - 629
Oats. ctls. ;.. i.Y10|ShorU, sks . JSO
Corn, -ctls."...*..,.. 3-ifIVlts, bdls. ....... ' 1*0
Rye. cthV.. 4O)iHl«1es, No 2SS
Butter, ctls....... 379! Woo!, bales..' I«S
Cheese, .ctls..."...". . SljEggs. doz. .... 19,*60
Tallow; ctls ... 232 Quicksilver, flsks . 110
Lime. bbls.... ..;... S9S ! Leathcr. rolls.... 80
Sugar, eks 2.N>6. Wine. gals........ ST.900
Potatoes, sks...;, 3,371 Hay. tons.. w...... 5i3
¦•' : ".' ' " ¦. " ' "OREGON.. ¦-. .; -' ".
Flour, qr ski. "."..."' '703 Bran;" sks 100
-Oats. ctl3.. :...-.'..' 4S0: Middlings/ ska... ¦ .3
Ily. and $3 lZ&i SO for bakers': Eastern, $1 50
(go CO per barrel. ~ i .
AHLLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye- Flour. $2 73; Ryu
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. J7: Corn Meal, $2 73;
extra cream do, $3 E0; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, 13 5O©3 75; ' Buckwheat Flour. $4«?4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, J4 50; Whole?
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) lift
7 25. in sacks, $5 TjCt'7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 £0 per 100 lbs. '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The situation remains unchanged all around.
Old Hay is firm, with chances for better prices
by. and by. but new is neglected and de
pressed. .¦ ¦ - . '-,¦ '
BRAN— $12 E0©13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *17(S20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFKS— Rolled Barley. 516 ¦ per
tori" Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26327; jobbing-,
$27 5Q<52S; Cocoanut Cake, J20@21: Corn Heal,
$24 50; Cracked .Corn. 125; Mixed Feed, $14.
HAY — Wheat; $7 5Qg3 50 for. common to good,
$10 for choice; Wheat and' Oat, $7'60f$9 SO; Oat.
J6 GOffS; -Alfalfa, $5<g7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. S4 £%$ 50; • Wheat,
JB EO@S; Clover. J4 60S6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley,.
$4 EO36 50 per ton. •
• STRAW-25@37%c per bale. ' • .
Beans and Seeds.
'.A ¦ few sales of Beans are being made . right
along, though there is no activity. Prices stand
the same. ¦ • 4 '- . ¦ •••.
," BEANS-Bayos, $2 S5@3; Small White, $3 25@
3 40; large White, $2 75@3: Pink. S2 6032 9o;
Red. $2 50*53; BlacTceye. $3 5Off3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 SOS o 40; Pea. $3 40<g3 50; Red
Kidneys, -$4@4. 50; ¦• .. " ¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; -Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 9C32 tQ;~ Canary; 3V£e per
lb fer California and 4c for Eastern;. Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape,' 2V-@3c; Hemp. 434»4c; Timo
thy, 464HO. ' ' • • ¦ '
, DRIED PEAS— Niles. J2 25©2 50; Green. $2 25
@2 £0 per ctl. ....
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are steady,. and choice Alameda.Bur
banks sell as high as. $1. Vegetables continue
in their usual good supply and .prices; are. weak;
except for Tomatoes, -which are in light receipt
and firm. Onions are weakening. -...''
POTATOES — <->reson P.urhank». K?S.>: New-
Early Rose," 40§5Oc; New Burbanks, 5O'S73c per
ctl. ¦ • • •--•.-
ONIONS— New Red, "5<§S3c; Sllverskins, $.1®
1 10 i>er ctl. • ¦ ¦
• VEGETABLES— Green Corn. S1Q1 23 per' sack'
for Vaoavflle, SC590c per crate for Berkeley
and ?100if>175 for Alanieda; Asparagus.. OOcf?
$175 per box fcr common to choice 'and $2tj2 30
for fancy large ;• Green Poas, Sltjl 50 per sack;-
String Beans. l@2Vic; Cabbage, 4#Q50c; Toma
toes. 75c©Jl; Rlrerv $175*82 50: Egg. Plant, 4<J
5c; Green Okra, 20c: Green -Peppers. 65jSc for
Clilll and 5*iSc for Bell; Dried Peppers, sgjOc:
Carrots. 23^3. r >c per sack; Summer Squash. "25c
per box for Vacaville and 50S75c for Alameda;
Cucumbers. 6<>375c for Alameda and 25c per box
for MarysvUle; new Garlic. 2g3c per lb.
Poultry and Game. '
Ducks are the dullest thing In this market.
The usual Eastern will be put on to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9*jlOc for Gobblers
and 10® lie for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25®
1 37Vi; Goslings. $1 23(7? 1 50; Ducks. $3^3 50 for
old and $3 50JT4 for young; Hens, $4tjii: young
Roosters, S-l 5^6; old Roosters. $3 50@l 50: Fry
ers. $3 505/4; Broilers, $3fi3 M for large and $2fi
2 SO for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
old and $1 2".«71 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Nominal. . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.'
The non-arrival of the Humboldt steamer left
the market for Butter well cleaned, up at. the
close, but there will be several hundred boxes
on the market to-morrow, so there is no scar-'
city. Most of the soft and slushy goods are
cleaned up. Prices stand the same. Cheese'
remains as previously quoted. Eggs continue
in large supply and easy, with a poor demand.
BUTTEH-
CrcSmery— Fancy Creamery, lS^Wc; sec
onds, J7^c.
Dairy— Fancy. 16H@17c; good to choice, 16c;
common. 14@15c.
CHEESE— New. S@9i5; Young America,' S^
9Wc: Eastern. 16@17e; Western. lSfflGc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13214c for store and 153
17c per dczen for ranch; Eastern, I4gl4^4a- .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market lacks feature. Stocks of all de
scriptions except ' Plums were greatly reduced
at the close yesterday. V ' '
Nutmeg Melons continue to bring good prices.,
but receipts are -slender. . Arrivals . of .Grapes'
from the early districts have fallen oft sharply
and there are few coming in. ' ¦ ' ,'
Good Kelaey Plums are selling up to 50@73c
per box. ' . • : • ' • •
Berries continue plentiful. and cheap. •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS- ¦ . . ¦
APRICOTS— 2C«60c per box and crate for
Royals; in baskets. 2C/fi3Sc; in bulk. 5S3c per
lb to the trjide and .$10^25 per tori to the can-
ners ' ' . . . . • ¦ ¦ .. • ' ¦'
.\PPLES— 25c. per basket and. 2;c@$l.-for large;
fcoxei;- • • ' ' - - • " :¦'¦¦¦ ¦''¦'..¦-¦
. rt.ARS- 3*M?73c.per bqxj.'Bartletts, $1@1 25. "
PLUJtt^ — Z0Q4tfo'Per box' and. crate and 20®30c
per gasket ; in bulK. fluvd.", per ton; Brunei, 3o<i#
50c per crate and 3."ffl-40c per basket.. •' •
S.TU'AWBF;krIES-?2 5O«3 JO' per chest for.
large ana $2 £0Ji4 fcr small berries. • .. '• •
RASPBERRUCS--$3®5 per 'chest. : " • -. "
BLACkB-ERJHES— $2«4 per chest.
¦ LOCfAN'KEKRHJS- $5@S.T>er chesti' ¦ "
'CURRANTS— $1 60®3 per chest, . --
HrqKL,E?ERRIES-10i&'12VsC per lb. . •
' FIGS— I'er. box,. liSSo.c for single ''and"2jg30c
for double layers.- : ¦ .'-''•• ¦¦ ' ' ¦ ;.
-. PEACHES— 30/fiaOc. per box and' 3o@-65c • per.
basket for common and 6O@S3c . per box.- for
Crawfordu. '•• • • • ¦'• ' .' .'.'••' •• :¦
• GRAPES— None came'.in:. • •"•¦.:• .-.. . .
'. CHERKfElS-iiO.^liSc per box for black; Royal
Anne. 4';?i6wc. ,In: bulk, -3Q6c tor black .and- 4U
6c fVirRrtyai-Ainie.*- ' ' ¦ • '
¦ MEtOXS— Nutmegs, $1 5 rt Pfr case for'Arlz
o.ha and. $1 23fe 1.75 tor neafby; f roni Indlo, .,$2 50.
perorate.: ' .:• ' • '' :¦'.¦ . •¦• ': . •'..•¦
: CITKUS-FRUITS-^SeedlingSi- C0c@$150: ' St.
' Michaels, lit? 2 50; Mediterranean Sweets,- $f 253
i 2: Val.en.ciai>'.. *2S2 50; T^emons, llgj 7 for common
and -$2 &0ff-3 50 -for, good ¦ : to choice: "Mexican
iLirnqs,- $4^5; BAnanas,- to'ciQiZ 50. 'per : bunch;'
Pineapples, -Jl 50^5 50 pit 'dozen. . ; '¦ . . • . '
: ¦Dried Friiits, Nuts and: Raisins. ?.
. New York advices report IRaJsIns in very good
.demand,' Prunes £rin and 'Appl.e' f qt-ures •¦ weak
; er', -Tne local situation is unchahgedv DeBnlte- ,
. prlces-for new Peaches -hctve.'rriit yet heen an-;
.h'o'unced. • Apricots are steady and- In average
• demand for this tinre of the year. • . The Prune
Association Is constantly gaining new signers,
¦and nt- the present' rate/ there' will be. very few
• Kro,wers on the outside when the" new crop ap-'
• Pe DIUED° FRUITS-^-Old Crop— Prunes; in sacks'
4®4^4c for 40-50's. 3%©"3»if; for -50-SO's, 3^340
for 60-70's. 3g3ViC for 70-SO's. ,??i@3e for 80-3O"s
and 2y»@2%c for 90-100's." Peaches. 4V4@4%e for
Standards. Be for choice and E^^Sc f or fancy;
Peelea Peaches, 10®12%c; Evaporated Apples
6V.i5Cc: sun-dried. 3#4c per lb: Pears. 3^'vHMq
for -dark and 7(gSc- for bright halves: Black
Figs. m«2c; White Figs. Jg3c; Bleached
Plums, 7Hc; Unbleached Plums. 6c for pitted
and l'Ac for unpitted.
NEW CHOP— Aprlcotn, t]k@VAe per lb. " ¦
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, S',4c: choice. "Vic; standard. 6',4o
prime, oc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
60-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, a^c;
S-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $t 60. Fancyt
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, S@9c for Standards and '9a
10c for eoftshells; Almonds, 11^4@12c for paper
shell. ?®10c for soft and 4®5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5%06-Tic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts, 7Vs'H'Sc; Pilbtrts, 12gl2Hc-
Pecans, ll'SlSc: Cocoanuts, J3 C0(g3. '
HONKV— Comb. 12Vi*»13c for bright and 113
12c for light amber; water white extracted 7W
@7Hc; light amb«r extracted e^g^c; dark. 6c
per lb,
BEESWAX— 24826c per lb.
jl rozjistons.
Price-cutting in cured meats is still reported,
and the market is weak and quiet..
( CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10©l0Uc per lb for
heavy. 10K@10%c for. light medium, 11\c for
light. 12'/ic for extra light and I4%c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12B13c-
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily, $14: extra Prime Pork. $15: extra cl«ar $19-
Mess, $16 60; Smoked Beef. 12U@l3c per lb '
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SVfcc for pure; half -barrels, nure
|%c: 10-lb tins. 9\ic: 6-lb tins. 9%c. I
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. SV4c; one tierce. .8%c; two tierces
SVic; five tierces, S%c per lb. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Lower prices for Wool are reported from the
East, and growers are storing and insuring
their clips. Hides are also weak in all loca
tions, with accumulating storks. Contracts for
new Hops are being drawn at the quotations
given below, though there is not much doing
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
9V4c; medium. S%c: light, S»ic; Cowhides, fcUc'-
Stags, Co; Salted Kip, bV&c; Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 14c; Dry
Kip. I5o; Dry Oalt. 17c; Sheepskins. Shear
llnre. -0'd30e each; short Wool, SS©6t)c each;
medium. 7<K7i>Oc: long Wool. $lgl 23 each; Horse
Hides, $1 75ti2 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small;
Colts, 2oSW»'. Deerskins — Summer or red skins
S7^4@40c; fall or medium skins, 22H&35c; win
ter or thin skins, 20c. . Goatskins— Prime Ango
ras. 7oc; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No 2.
3c: refined. 6Hc; grease, "He.
WOOL— Spring clip 13 - quotable . as follows:
Northern free. 15@16c: Northern defective, U3
15c: Middle County, free 13<£17c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 13@15c; Southern Mountain. 12
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
California Fruit Sales.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YOr.K. Jaae =0.-To-flay'« stock market
Bhowwl dearly that operators In stock* have
resided themselves to a period of dullness fol
lowing the abortive bull movement yesterday.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hich and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five zulnutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JULY 1.
Sun rises \ 4;si
Sun sets 7:35
Moon rises ; 10:08 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The. heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on the
Unl*ed States. Coast Survey, charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
CALL CALENDAR.
July. 1DCO.
the depth riven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
31
Bank Clearings shozu a loss for the week.
Shipment of $380,335 to China.
Sill cr and Exchange as before.
If heat futures weaker. Barley dull. .
Fair demand for Oats. Corn and Rye quiet.
Beans and Seeds quiet and unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions steady. Vegetables plentiful,
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Fresh Fruits in ample but not excessive supply.
New York reports Prunes firm and Apples zveak
Prune Association getting many iicjl' signers.
Raisins in good demand in New York. ... ¦¦
Provisions still being cuChy the local trade. .
Wool declining at Eastern points. Hides weak.
Some contracting for new California Hops..
Hogs scarce, in spite of Eastern importations. -
Local stocks and bonds dull. ¦';' ¦-.¦ •.. :' " ;. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
1 ime a all.
Branch Hvdrosrraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
June 30. 1500.
The time ball on the tower of the> new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
(/clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN3.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N-. In charge.
O ITlme Time Time Time!
g I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
* IHW L, W IH W L >V|
1 ... 1:45 .4.7,8:10 0.6 3:28 S.I 9:01! 2 9
2 ... 2:35 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:<J2 5.5 10:051 2.«
3 ... 3:31 3.7 9:15 1.5 4.J7 6.1 11:04! 2.3
4 ... . 4:33 3.5 9:55 2.0 6:11 5.1 11:57 1.9
5 ... b:ZS 3.3 10:33 2.4 5:46 S.S ...;.....
L W H W IL .XV . H W
C ... Q-.ZC 1.5 7:» 3.3| 11:21 2.7 6:22 5 3
7 ... 1:38 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16 2.9 7:01 o.i
*"l
IM.I
IT. I
uv
IT
I s - I
I ilocn'« Phases.
•
i!
-!-
4-
ll
!—
I -Ji Firs* Quarter.
j Sf Ju!y 4.
L
_L!
ur
'3 I
i»i
!/C5\ Fuli Mootv
u I
I is
51
«1
2
)~z
W July 1*.
j (fr La-r Ouarter,
L£.
JL
15
! -'
::!
_i
1— !
!-i
I
July 25.
Steamer.
From. I Due.
1
Orizaba 1
Kobt. A<lani3on!
Acapulco I
Walla WMla...|
North Fork ;
Santa Rosa '
Arcata
"ait -a wan
Eureka j
W. H. Krujjer,.;
Columbia j
Coca Bay I
WarSeld '
TVI'Xortw ...,..!
"Wellington
Tellus ........ ..j
!IIun-.bo!dt -.[July 1
ilNanatmo .... ( July 1
|New YorK. July X
I Victoria & Puget Sound July I
[Humholdt July 1
'.San Dl»go [July 3
.'.Coos Bay IJuly t
iTaroma July 2
IHunjboldt July 3
i^an Pedro July . 3
jl'ortland July 4
(Newport July 4
'Oyster Harbor _ July 4
IPortland July 4
.!Or>:nox I July 4
jOyster Harbor [July 5
Crescent City...i
hSan TMi'trn JulV «
T'Tnatilla* ..'.*."..".:
Point Arena...,!
l>an uie^o ijuit «
.! Victoria * Puget Sound! July «
,|M*n.ioctno July «
Waahtenaw '
Prugreso '
City It. Janeiro;
.JTaroma M July (
.'Taconsa July 8
>;i~hlna ami Japan July 7
Eteanter. | P
>s
stinatlc
Sails. I Pier.
i ._ __
Pt. Arena.. (Po
Stite ot CaJ Pn
OrtzaHn .... Hi
it Aren
tland...
nboldt.
".a..
July
July
IJuly
• 2. 2 po Pier !
r 2. U am Pier 21
¦ 2. 2 pmlPler 3
CoquUIe K.. Gr
>¦.¦< Ilarl
IJuIy
' 2. 3 pra
Bonlta .,... \St
Xewbursr '..[Or
W. Kruger-jTll
Arrata' .....|C*o
jjuly
July
July
July
r 2. JamlPlerll
r 2. 6pm|Plerl3
• 3. 3 pmjPier 2
r X 12 mi Pier M
Hanta Rrisa. [Sa
N>rth Fork'Mi
Eureka J...fHi
%Va!la Wat IVi
Xcrae Clty.fra
Viego.
aboldt.,
nboliit.
& Pst :
<• Nome
p...
July
July
Ju!y
July
'July
r 4. 11 am Pier 11
' 4. 9 am! Pier 3
r 4. 2 pm; Pier 13
r 6. 11 ami Pier »
• 5. 10am
Serapis ....]Ui
Del .N'orte..[Po
nburx..
tland...
(July
July
r «*, Pter 7
t « I
Coos. Bay... Ne
Curarao ...jllf
ex'
t 6. 9 ami Pier 2S
r] 7. ID am! Pier U
Columbia .\l'n
St. Paal...LCa;
Corona ....!Sa
tlan.J...
e N'ome
L>leno.
July
'July
IJuly
l T. 11 am. Pier 24
r 8. ii*am;pipr"ii
Eteanter. | P
>s
stinatlc
Sails. I Pier.
i ._ __
Pt. Arena.. (Po
Stite ot CaJ Pn
OrtzaHn .... Hi
it Aren
tland...
nboldt.
".a..
July
July
IJuly
• 2. 2 po Pier !
r 2. U am Pier 21
¦ 2. 2 pmlPler 3
CoquUIe K.. Gr
>¦.¦< Ilarl
IJuIy
' 2. 3 pra
Bonlta .,... \St
Xewbursr '..[Or
W. Kruger-jTll
Arrata' .....|C*o
jjuly
July
July
July
r 2. JamlPlerll
r 2. 6pm|Plerl3
• 3. 3 pmjPier 2
r X 12 mi Pier M
Hanta Rrisa. [Sa
N>rth Fork'Mi
Eureka J...fHi
%Va!la Wat IVi
Xcrae Clty.fra
Viego.
aboldt.,
nboliit.
& Pst :
<• Nome
p...
July
July
Ju!y
July
'July
r 4. 11 am Pier 11
' 4. 9 am! Pier 3
r 4. 2 pm; Pier 13
r 6. 11 ami Pier »
• 5. 10am
Serapis ....]Ui
Del .N'orte..[Po
nburx..
tland...
(July
July
r «*, Pter 7
t « I
Coos. Bay... Ne
Curarao ...jllf
ex'
t 6. 9 ami Pier 2S
r] 7. ID am! Pier U
Columbia .\l'n
St. Paal...LCa;
Corona ....!Sa
tlan.J...
e N'ome
L>leno.
July
'July
IJuly
l T. 11 am. Pier 24
r 8. ii*am;pipr"ii
Steamer.
From. I Due.
1
Orizaba 1
Kobt. A<lani3on!
Acapulco I
Walla WMla...|
North Fork ;
Santa Rosa '
Arcata
"ait -a wan
Eureka j
W. H. Krujjer,.;
Columbia j
Coca Bay I
WarSeld '
TVI'Xortw ...,..!
"Wellington
Tellus ........ ..j
!IIun-.bo!dt -.[July 1
ilNanatmo .... ( July 1
|New YorK. July X
I Victoria & Puget Sound July I
[Humholdt July 1
'.San Dl»go [July 3
.'.Coos Bay IJuly t
iTaroma July 2
IHunjboldt July 3
i^an Pedro July . 3
jl'ortland July 4
(Newport July 4
'Oyster Harbor _ July 4
IPortland July 4
.!Or>:nox I July 4
jOyster Harbor [July 5
Crescent City...i
hSan TMi'trn JulV «
T'Tnatilla* ..'.*."..".:
Point Arena...,!
l>an uie^o ijuit «
.! Victoria * Puget Sound! July «
,|M*n.ioctno July «
Waahtenaw '
Prugreso '
City It. Janeiro;
.JTaroma M July (
.'Taconsa July 8
>;i~hlna ami Japan July 7
O ITlme Time Time Time!
g I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
* IHW L, W IH W L >V|
1 ... 1:45 .4.7,8:10 0.6 3:28 S.I 9:01! 2 9
2 ... 2:35 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:<J2 5.5 10:051 2.«
3 ... 3:31 3.7 9:15 1.5 4.J7 6.1 11:04! 2.3
4 ... . 4:33 3.5 9:55 2.0 6:11 5.1 11:57 1.9
5 ... b:ZS 3.3 10:33 2.4 5:46 S.S ...;.....
L W H W IL .XV . H W
C ... Q-.ZC 1.5 7:» 3.3| 11:21 2.7 6:22 5 3
7 ... 1:38 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16 2.9 7:01 o.i
*"l
IM.I
IT. I
uv
IT
I s - I
I ilocn'« Phases.
•
i!
-!-
4-
ll
!—
I -Ji Firs* Quarter.
j Sf Ju!y 4.
L
_L!
ur
'3 I
i»i
!/C5\ Fuli Mootv
u I
I is
51
«1
2
)~z
W July 1*.
j (fr La-r Ouarter,
L£.
JL
15
! -'
::!
_i
1— !
!-i
I
July 25.
CRIPPLE GREEK ILLUSTRATED!
A rreat volume, JUST OUT. Nearly WO pho-
to-ecgravlngs of cold mining scenes: also cor-
rect map. Gives sketches of every mine and
mill, ere prodocerl. dividends, etc. ABSO-
LUTELY DISINTERESTED. The edition ccst
Jl.OCO to Issue. To introduce our bt« illus-
trated weekly family paper ( founded • 1MO> we
will send you a copy of "CRIPPLE CREEK
ILLUSTRATED" and our paper 13 weeks on
trial for 25c. Clubs of 5. Jl. Stamps taken.
Latest mining news and Western stories. Refer
to the editor of thla paper. Address
ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY. Denver, Colo.Horse Killed by a Streetcar.
John Welch," deputy poundkeeper and
son-in-law of Mrs. Mary Marble, one of
the principals In the Glynn-Marble feud,
appeared for sentence before Judge Fritz
yesterday. He was convicted by a jury
on the charge of battery upon B. Pallason,
one of the adherents of Martin Glynn.
The Judpe sentenced the prisoner to pay
a fine of $25, with the alternative of serv
ing twenty-five days In jail.
Glynn-Marble Feud.
An Insolvent Contractor.
L. U. Grant, a resident of this city, but
formerly a contractor in Salinas, filed a
petition in Insolvency yesterday rin the
United States District Court. . His liabil
ities are $18,261 70 and his assets $100. Of
the liabilities the sum. of ' $10,00a;is due to
the Salinas Bank. He attributes his fail
ure to underbidding on contracts in Los
Angeles. >
valued at $16,000. was filed for probate
yesterday. Following are the bequests:
To Miss-Selma Blum, jr.00; to Agnes Op
penheimer, a sister, $1000; to Siegfried
I-iebermann, a brother, $500; to Marga
retha Sachs, Mrs. Else Huber and Mrs.
Trude. Bunel, rrieces, J100 each; to the
Eurtka Benevolent Society, the First He,
brow and a German society, $50 each. The
residue of the estate is beaueathed in
equal rhares to Hans Oppenheimer and
Katy Oppenheimer. nephew, and niece of
the deceased. Martz Rehfisch and Henry
Meyer are named as executors.
The will of Bernhard I.,. Brandt, who
dieu on the 25th inst.. was also filed for
probate. Decedent disposes of his estate,
which exceeds $10,000 in value, as follows:
After bequeathing $500 each to his three
children— Isaac B. L.. Brandt. Louis B.
Brandt and Hannah LJelus — and com
mending them to the care of their mother
he bequeaths his entire estate to his
widow. Amalie Brandt, who Is named as
executrix.
Testaments of Theodor Idebennann
and Bernhard ~L. Brandt Are
Placed on Record.
The will of Theodore Liebermann, who
died on the 23d inst., leaving an estate
WILLS THAT HAVE BEEN
FILED FOR PROBATE
First Regular Trains to Arrive In
and Leave San Francisco
To-Day.
The through passenger service on the
Santa Fe line will be inaugurated to-day.
The first train will leave the ferry depot
for Chicago at 9 o'clock this morning and
the first regular train from the Windy
City will arrive at 5 o'clock this after
noon. Hereafter trains will leave and ar
rive daily at the hours named. Passen
gers will leave the trains at Point Rich
mond and come across the bay on the
ferry steamer Ocean Wave, landing at the
foot of Market street. Outgoing passen
gers will take the train at the foot of
Market street.
The first passenger train really to ar
rive was a special from Chicago that got
In at 5 o'clock yesterday morning with
250 marines, who are to go on the trans-
THROUGH PASSENGER
SERVICE OVER SANTA^FE
"We respectfully request that a time be
set for such a hearing. We are vitally in
terested in the matter and are thoroughly
informed as to its merits and we think it
would be unjust to the large property in
terests Involved were any action taken
before we were allowed to present our
views."
The Xorth Central Improvement Asso
ciation has petitioned the Board of Super
visors that no action be taken in reference
to the trolley wires on Bush street be
tween Kearny and Sansome until after
the property owners In the district' have
been heard in the matter. The petition
says:
Trolley Wires on Bush Street.
Chairman Mark Seeks to Allay I>is
quietude Resulting From Chance'
> --.Remark at Conference of Su
¦¦¦.• y-. pervisors and Directors. -
The very brief discussion on the election
of > teachers for a limited period at the con
ference between the School Directors and
the Supervisors' Committee on Education
last Friday afternoon has caused consid
erable uneasiness among the local peda
gogues. They are under the impression
that the ultimate result of the informal
talk will be to defeat the court decision
which holds that teachers are elected for
life. To correct that impression and to
relieve In a measure the disquietude that
the chance remark of Supervisor Branden
stein may have caused. Chairman Mark
issued a statement yesterday to the effect
that ho is personally in favor of life ten
ure of teachers, with certain limitations
that do not, however, affect the general
result. Directing his remarks to Branden
stein's advocacy of the election of teach
ers for a limited period Mr. Mark says:
"I am a strong believer in | life tenure
of office among teachers under certain
conditions to insure competent instructors
In the department. The first is that merit
alono should be considered in the original
appointment. This Is fair alike to the
pupils and the teachers, as they would be
in a position to give proper instruction
and would also stand a good chance of
continuing their service in the department.
Again, I think that a reasonable term of
probation should be a factor. From one
to three-years to my mind should be the
term during . which. a teacher could prove
his adaptability for the position. The
board has already adopted the probation
ary period of • three years, • and - that ia
probably a Judicious move. Supervisor
d'Ancona's statement that outside of San
Francisco teachers are* elected for one
year j only is not correct. In New York
City teachers are elected for life, though
I -believe the- probationary period extends
for s five years. ;In other Eastern cities
similar conditions prevail, so we are not
the only State that has a statute protect
ing teachers In their positions for life.
"The benefits of life tenure are aDDarenL
LIFE TENURE OF
LOCAL TEACHERS
IN NO DANGER
No Radical Change Contem
• plated in the Method of
Election.
port Grant to China, The train was made
up of seven sleepers and started originally
from Newport News. The run from Chi
cago was made In three and three-quarter
days, which will be the regular running
time in the future for all passenger
trains.
It ran across the Market-street cable
track Just as a Haight-street car reached
the crossing. In a Becond the horse was
thrown to the pavement and rolled over
by the cable car. It was so badly injured
by" the shock that it died a litle later.
Both cars were somewhat damaged, near
jy all of the windows being broken.
Superintendent Webster states • that no
matter what legislation might be passed
by the Board of Education regarding tha
appointment of teachers. It could not be
retroactive and affect those already In th»
department. They are protected In their
positions under two sections of the Politi
cal Code and may not be removed except
for sustained charges of immorality, un
professional conduct or evident unfltness
for teaching. ¦ , ' ' " . ,
"I regret if the very brief discussion of
such an Important point a.3 life tenure haa
had a disquieting effect on teachers. I
can assure them that the board does not
contemplate any radical change in th«
plan of election now In vogue."
made for retired teachers Instead of th»
uncertain and unsatisfactory methods now
in vogue would be an encouragement to
teachers and result in the best work oa
their part.
\hem. The State and city should step in
and provide sufficient funds to carry out
the very worthy idea of pensioning such
teachers. More power should be given to
school Authorities, such as Boards of Ed
ucation. Boards of Trustees, etc., to pre
pare easier methods of retiring teachers.
The fact that proper provision would bo
"Another important factor which will
make life tenure not only a possibility
but an assured fact Is an easier plan of
retirement for teachers who desire to be
relieved from the onerous duties to which
/.hey have devoted the best that is In
It relieves the teacher to a gTeat extent
from that constant worry resulting from
doubts entertained concerning reappoint
ment. It gives the teacher more time to
devote to his duties in the school and to
his studies when his day's work Is done.
He is able to devote himself to the real
work of teaching and to give the best
that is in him to those under his charge.
Instead of spending his time In procuring
the Influence necessary for reappolntment
when his election is for a short period
only.
Rnna Chapman, only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. EL S. Chapman, who reside at
the- Strathmore Hotise, died at Notre
Paaw School on Friday after an illness of
five weeks. She was 32 years of a#e and
a child of great promise. Her parents are
Inconsolable at their loss. The last re
quiem mass will be celebrated in St.
Slary's Cathedral this afternoon at 2
o'clock.
Bright Life Ended.
two South African republics, liberally
purporting this noble cause, and became
an honorary member of this committee.
The place of the departed cannot be
filled; and we deeply mourn the Ioks of
the departed friend of humanity. We ex
tend our sympathies and condolence to his
bereaved family and relatives." The sig
nature's of M. Cooney, president: Th«o
dore I'inther, corresponding secretary; L.
K_ P. Van Baggen. recording secretary:
E. T. Carvalho, treasurer, and A. W. Arp
and E. P. Troy, vice presidents, are at
tached to this tribute of respect.
Hon. Patrick Eeddy "Was a True
Friend of Liberty and of Suf
fering Humanity.
The Transvaal Committee of California
hap adopted resolutions concerning the
death of Hon. Patrick Reddy, in which
the following statements nxe made:
"The departed has been a true friend
cf the cause of liberty and of suffering
humanity. He espoused the cause of th»
TRANSVAAL COMMITTEE
EULOGIZES THE DEAD
About (00 Eintrle bids were not acted on
and bids on these items will be adver
tised for again, as well as bids for for
r.pe. The ttds for hay were: J. 1^. Ver
meil &¦ Co.. J 16 per ion: Scott & Wagner,
JlflSS": D. Keefe. S15S9: H- I J - Smith, $15 98;
\V. A. filler. $16 75; II. C. Ellis. $13 99.
The award for coal was on the follow
ing prices: Charcoal. 5j cents ptr sack;
]»uri>-mu:r Wellington, S9 50 p*-r ton: an
thracite. SI 4 5-) per ton: Cumberland
Wackfmith, $13 per ton. The prices were
!<->ok<:-«1 «n as= hish, but owing to the
Fourth being -so near there was no time
to advertise for new bids.
Drug*. M*c& & Co. and n«Jington & Co.;
paint? and oils. K. N. Xason and C. M. Tates
& Co.; wpoU and willow ware, F. W. DaMara
& Co. and Simpson Broom and Brush Co.; rub
ber goods. Goodyear Rubber Co. : hose. Boston
Woven Hose Co.. Gutta Percca Rubber Co.
and the 13ow«-« r.uM)»r Co.; coal. Thomas
Morton; mooC «t 512 M l>er cord. Thomas
Hurke; «!ahfwan>, Nathan Pohrmann & Co..
I>o«ieh Lair.p Co. and »he Bauer l^amp Co.;
iii«"h)nwy and tools. C. W. Mar-Bedel and Pa
r'flc Taol and Bnpplx Co. : carriaw hardware.
JE. V. Flint; r»t!frr?, A. Coffin; metal polish,
}" VT Her.rK'tt; casting's and fittings. Hol
tronk.'lli-rrin A; Stetson and Crane Co.; heavy
L. E. Van Winkle; rubber tires, J.
<\ Jrasen.
A ccrriTnvujicai:on from the San Fran
cisco and £ar: Mateo Railroad Company
granting rx-rmission to the flrerrien to ride
freo of charge while en duty was read.
The following awards of contracts for
furnishing: SQPpliei to the department for
the next fiscal y far were made:
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday.
A petition from the South San Francisco
Improvement Club, asking that engine 11
in that district be fully manned in ac
cordance with the charter, was taken un
der consideration: The petition of resi
dents and property owners on Iowa street,
between Twenty^eccmd and Twenty-fifth
street?, for more hydrants was granted.
Coal Eids Had to Be Accepted, but
Those for Hay Were Too
High and "Were Re
jected.
Fire Commissioners Award
Contracts for Next
Year's Supplies.
HEAVY PRICES
ASKED BY HAY
AND COAL MEN
Army and Navy Parlor "Chutes" En
tertainment Is Successful.
The Chutes were In the possession of
Army and Navy Parlor No. 207 of the Na
tive Sons last night. The gate receipts are
to go toward the fund the natives are
fetting to-gether to render the big 9th of
_eptember celebration a grand success.
About 300 members of the Natives were
on hand, of which at least 150 were retired
volunteers of the Spanish-American war,
of which the parlor is composed. The vis
itors "took in" every attraction the Chutes
provided and had a general good time.
The affair was under the direction of the
1901 committee, which is composed of the
following named Native Sons: Frank
Grady (chairman). Richard Cline, J. \V.
Ledden, Clarence Son, C. R. Detrick, Ed
Crowley and Thomas Kerrigan.
On the evening of Wednesday, August 8,
the Army and Navy Parlor is to give a
grand minstrel entertainment and dance
at Native Sons' Hall, the proceeds of this
also to be devoted to the 9th of September
fund.
NATIVES AUGMENT FUND.
j representatives of the California and San
I Francisco yacht clubs and the Paciflc In
i terclub Yachting Association, represented
Iby.R. R. l'Hommedieu, the fact was do
i velop^l that both the naval and the pa
rade committee* desire to enlist the f«r
! vices of the yachting people in the naval
I display on the evening of Saturday, Sep
tember S. and to have them contest for the
championship cup on Sunday, the 9th,
in thf> afternoon.
Chairman Turner of the naval parade
committee expressed the desire that the
j yachts irom the different yachting clubs
I in and around this bay form one of the
j features in the naval parade on the 8th,
1 and suggested that each yacht be fes
! tooned with lanterns and towed in regular
i precession.
• T. K. Hearty, chairman of the regatta
i committee, said that body had already
! recommended to the general committee
I that a rowing and sailing regatta be held
on Sunday, the 9th of September, and that
arrangements had been made between his
committee and the rowing associations
controlling the different rowing clubs to
I hold their annual championship races off
Ix>ns Bridge on that day. He also stated
that it was the desire of his committee
that the Pacific Interclub Yachting As
sociation, embracing the California. En
: cinal. San Francisco, Corinthian and Val
] lejo vacht club.*, to have the annual cham-
I pionship regatta on the afternoon of the
| ;<th of September. He added that he would
| recommend that a liberal appropriation be
allowed for the purchase of trophies to be
awarded to the six different classes of
yachts competing.
Commodore W. N. McCarthy, speaking
for the San Francisco Yacht Club, said
that the members were willing to aid the
celebration in any manner within their
power. He thought that yacht owners
might object to taking part in the naval
parade for fear of fire from lanterns
strung from mast to mast or from fire
works touching the sails. He stated that
the yachting clubs would compete for the
Macdonough cup if the regatta is held on
the 10th of September, or if the regatta
committee desired ti.e yachts could form
In a body and pass in review over the rac
ing course, the larger yachts to shorten
sail so as to allow the smaller yachts to
maintain their positions in line, prizes to
t>e given for the best decorated ones.
A. M. Clay of the California Club also
had something to say in the same line.
! The regatta committee decided to have
I a conference with the yachting representa
1 tives next Thursday with a view toward
I bringing about a change of date for the
! Failing for the Macdonough cup, so that
I it might take place on the afternoon of
j the 9th of September.
Secretary Koss of the finance committee
i had up to 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon
I sent out 400 individual notices to those
I who were named as collectors of funds,
I and also prepared and distributed 24Q col-
I lection books. The work of the collectors
is now well in hand, and wherever de
mands have been made liberal donations
have been promised. One of the first se
cured was a subscription of $1500 by a firm
that ten years ago contributed but $250.
If there are to be no military camps this
year it Is probable that a number of the
companies of the National Guard outside
of this city and those in the near-by cities
will come here to join In the parade. It
is expected that several companies of the
! Third Brigade, in. the southern part of the
I State, will put in an appearance.
J Grand Marshal Costello has been advised
j that Los Angeles Parlor has selected M.
I \V. Lehman as its aid to the grand mar
shal. San Francisco Parlor has selected
Dr. C. A. Glover as Its aid to the mar
shal. This parlor will parade in uniforms
of military cut and be preceded by its
I own bugle and drum corps. Xational Par-
I lor is also in with the rest of the Natives
for the parade.
Grand Trustee J. R. Knowland called
at headquarters yepterdav and stated
that the parlors of Alameda County are
making extensive preparations for the
grand festival. They have secured the
entire upper floor of the Alcazar building
and will entertain there in a liberal man
ner.
Orinda Parlor of the Native Daughters
has secured Elks' Hall for headquarters,
and with the assistance of El Dorado Par
lor of the Xatlve Sons will entertain there. ,
Expectations as to National Guard.
Alameda County Parlors En
thusiastic — One Liberal
Contribution.
»
At the meeting yesterday of the regatta
committee of the Native Sons' celebra
tion with the naval parade committee and
Plans of Regatta Committee
for Admission Day
YACHTSMEN WILL
GIVE THEIR AID
TO THE JUBILEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 1, .1900
There was a short but lively runaway
yesterday mornlnjr on Market street,"near
Sansome, resulting in ¦ damage .to two
street cars and the killing- of a horse be
longing to the Sutter-street Railway
Company. One of the, car drivers had.
Just hitched his team to a car detached
from a dummy when one of the animals
became frightened and bolted, dragging:
Its mate and the car alons at a rapid rate.
32
TRAMPIHG SKIRTS.
LATEST STYLES, AT
$495 $5.95 $7.45
5UITS AND SKIRTS TO BE CLOSED OUT
"WINDOWS.
BLACK DIAGONAL JACKETS '-. Pure
w»l lined with Pean de . Sot- - short
jaunty style; regular price J7 SO- re-
duced t0 • *-M5
$4.45.
HIGH GRADE KERSEY A>n> TVHIp.
CORD JACKETS— Silk and satin lined
latest spring styles: box and Eton effect-
former price |12; reduced to.. ....:. $7.-13
$7.45.
JACKETS.
EXTRA QUALITY IMPORTED ELACKj
CHEVIOT AND BROADCLOTH TAI-i
LORED SUITS-Jacket lined throughout
with fine quality taffeta silk, skirt newest
style, handsomely stitched, lined with
. ami silk; former price 127 50; reduced i
to 92O.OO
SHIRT WAISTS, DUCK AXD PIQUE S
AT NOMINAL PRICES.
SEE OUR '
$20.00.
$8.95.
ALJ*-WOOL GRAY OOLFIXG SUITS—
Jacket lined with extra quality satin vel-
vet collar and revere; former price *13 50:
reduced to ..9S.O5
ALL-WOOL BLACK CHEVIOT TAILOR-
ED SUITS— Box effect. Jacket satin lined,
skirt new cut; former price J15; reduced
to «<»<».-.
$995.
TAILORED SUITS.
9 AN MAHCISCO.
Witb Its excellence of roaterial aod construction, its conforma-
tion to the perfect shape of feet, will appeal directly to those
whose pleasure and training demand hygienic qualities aod whose
tastes require attractive appearance. Sold exclusively at
CATALOGUE V i^&j^UCl^y o^tflS&g^
nr«nv V nf %kj6r enumerated In cata-
i\cmui. ¦ . logue to any i>art of
50 Third St., 2d Shoe Storefrom Market, the u^ ted stat «
WALKING, DRESS OR SPORT SHOES.
CONTEST ClOSES JULY 10, 1900.
The Royal offers Ten Dollars for the best photograph
of their handsome show windows >¦»» /\"VJ%/\i^^Y^\
displaying the world's famous &J: wJ?i}<f&& lL»^S» %
gr>C% F^mTX trademark v2/
$3*50 ALWAYS -
PRIZE TO THE BEST AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHER.
$10.00
SHARP REDUCTIONS.
LAST ID.A.YS OF OXJK.
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE
MARKET STREET.
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234
The bubonic plague- spreads with aston-
ishing raplditj-. In. two -years. after It first
appeared at HonKkorur it had traveled 3000
miles to the westward. ' . .
?«J.95
| " TUB CREDIT HO USB" j
• Six Stonts H<£b \
[ Oak, Folding- Card Table. 24 x j
j 24 inch top. So handy to take j
| camping — Progressive Whist •
• in the Wild -woods. Out-door I
\ lunch, sewing- table — many j
[ every -day uses for it. Made j
: to stand use $1.25 j
|. Mother and Baby with a Folding i
• Go-Cart see all that's going on in •
| Park or Countrv. Little brother !
; can carry it on car or train. Strong, ;
• . steel wheels, rubber tires, cane-seat •
j and back $3.00 j
• Ajdustablf. Reclining Go - Carts, 1
j Willow, Canopy-top Baby Carri- i
I ages, $5, $7, up to $20. •
• Drapery Department — New lot Tap- I
; estry Mantle Drapes. Patterns i i
S designs truly Oriental, and room- j
I brightening. As low as $1.25. j
• Snowy, Linen Table - Sets— Gen- j
j uine Irish linen, 10-4— large enough I
• & pretty enough for any 12 people !
• — 12'napkins to match in latest de- J
¦ J signs— hospitality's first requisite, j
. ; from $4.50 up. j
j CARPET DEPARTMENT •
: ; Matting Remnants — Make the !
¦ C2mp or cottage inviting. Brighten ;
I the bath, small room, or clo«?t. Up •
\.lo 15 yd pieces, 25 to 50 ct. grades, j
j Free Delivery. O«k!*nl. Alamela. Berkeley j
j M. FRIEDMAN & CO. |
:j (Ir.corpor«tei) «
J 233 - 237 Post St. Open Evenings |
BAXi WAV'S KliAlil JJELUi*- t^ etood
•cnrlvaled berore the public for SO yean aia
Pain R«nedy. It lasts.ntly relieves and auickly
cures All Colds. Sore Throats, Influent*. Bron'
rhitl*. Pneunjonla, Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and fcll pains. Internally
tor ilMl»xi». aad ail Bowel Pala*. Ml flrucrlai*
Hole's. \ g^?!g^^. _L~
Igg^^ novel Hale's will, of course, be closed all day Wednesday, July 4th. novel A *4
!, haDed tH 8toc !5 "wv we have been car efully and personally looking over our entire stock— invoicing, in fact— and find a great num- ftiiVflowtSc ends 'WsS^ *
tow. trimmea witn her of lines. where for one reason or another we can— or deem it policy— to make sweeping reductions, these striking O f mousseime de %*£ l\
"^iStel a~itau. price diminution ? throughout the entire house are strongly reflected in to-day's offerings, it may in perfect truth be * o t *««=««> *$& A
with lace J2S0 s ? ld that the s^ lin S this week is an event that if properly appreciated by the well posted shopping public of san fran- ™cc braid ami . «
Cisco will add to the fame of this store and make it the busiest in its history. '** n s e •••••• * ; - 50 . . .1
we : have from time to time commented on the fine frontal appearance of the new store and generalized upon .. . 1
WOOl dreSS fabriCS- the superior facilities it will possess, but nothing told in detail, probably the story of the elevators will be of interest hftnepkppnPr*; 1 H
to those ladies who at best find, shopping fatiguing. the elevators will be five in number, two being devoted to store nOU&CKCcpcio v
worthy examples of Hale's requirements, and^three to the service of the public, the three passenger ones will be of large size and elegant appoint- n6£CJS 1ft
"good goods" at invariably the ments, and will be run continuously to obviate the annoyance of delay in going from floor to floor, moreover, bein? ...',. H
lowest prices — °f the latest mechanical construction — electrical power — they will run smoothly in absolute safety, free from jar. dro:>- a f ter inventory -sale at prices that W
a fine tailor suitings in the new shades P ln S sensation and other unpleasant features that characterize many elevators. • will i nte rest the largest consumer— M
E of castor, beige and mode, they come . . , •-.-..• Ki.«nh- 1
fMHH^Mii^ '. suits for the fourth. ; ; -:t^i^^^g
X'^.iU "S"Z -aTJi."® ,';,;, ""'/'o^ <°'. tl>= fourth,-but. splendid for any outing occasion or general use. we are also showing a wonder- ~™ S^-fSSfcS&^^yijW; |
1 Krade, in all the new grays, beiges and " lu ' collection oi waists, trom low-priced cotton ones to the finest silk, and at greatly reduced after inventory prices. Siz» sixao inches, each..,. >,.... <6-hc 1 1
I rluVtFwira^^o^e^^ ' ' ' , ' ' ,^^^ ,r^^^^^ 1
I • fore the advance" took place; while worth JiflwSJk <«%\ A&&\ f£c&\ Size 43x36 Inches, each........ W? c M
I 90c we make the price per yard 75c white Huck «uir«; »?'ffl& 5 » ' Gw0$3 W* *W JC^r/ c u'* size ¦Oxjfi Inches, -eacn -• «™£ J
I o < a » . ,k «Mn, nn i. i n miim wane aucK suits — »i_wr A Sa^- ~3MfcL w l ~W_ W**w nne white pique size zu% inches, each. ........... sc m
m 8 pieces fine irench whipcords in Diues, ¦ • L^JHr~^.A m — -i?— (ei£ tZZ^ \ W, ~ f* ¦ ¦ , '»..«? "t3
31 browns, tans and mode?, 42 In. widf, per _. illnctnt-^H firct s£^tf07£/llwU6sk5^. ? r^ I I JM • -it i 15 ni<»oo« taM» damask. b!carh<»d— ttvi «j
3 yard vsc as illustrated, hrst j^j^^W^^^i'l *< 1 $§£§S&>>, suits— as illustrated Wi.ith». 66 and to inches wide, ail ifwn. «
$ fashion says black crepona in nne (j-.. tV,<. ai . „>„„ /jTOIIr//' ' BH^Siioi &N€Sl?3rJJmk ' • /Z?<T&X% ' ¦ l- j e ?* r yard ' ..."....•••••••• — ' j
1 grades and smaller figures, and fortunate- "gure — these eton .fffijk \\# 1 M^V% &^^(^.MV ¦ m third nff^re— " . . ; •• .-...,. ;. j
m iy we have just received some of the ad- . . I EfiSSk IV 7/ \ gSSa.\\^ (s(£SSi 1 $*%$.*. '. "¦ '¦¦¦' ¦¦¦-¦- %
a vance french styles in silk and wool: jacket OUting SUltS, // BSSS3 Jgat A RStSwR W^? W^^i^B £73 l\ \\ ; .Vf V^' fancv ch.mtti rtnn '' ' ' '
i"'"^'" 1 "'- ** *,.«o, wial Rfffife ;:i, a ;n O vX w**™ ? nd coy * rs -
I black cheviots. blue d»ck on «- \\^^ Ywl®/M f % i) 1^^^ Mm\ braid trimmin!: on r^m "- thrii ' ? h "" se " :iv " w! "
I ,ic „., run »,»»»,; „, ,-ar.l H.25 around skirt, make a jig j \WlZ ,1 L&2 il^P Pi^ skirt; one of the £7
I wash fabrics TT W iWlXfi jS3l Wil \ W 7 "* ° ! " I'S^i«€:%l
I after inventory. ™- *< «?" » /W^W^^mWjXW S^^'-^^^MM
i , .•!*•?. * 9o / r^g ' \\\^^^^JumWv^y^\Y//i\ \\ r^ -value $5.95 , n blue, red and green. H
I values so exceptional as to inter- / | 1 \\ ifM |\\V\ \^U »i \\ \ 4-4 size each.. ............ ..........——W e i|
yL 750 yards Japanese crep©, 30 inches wl<3e, S • *J • 11^" ;..:.- . . ' pi
« light ground, stripes and checks, sutta&le =^ *s=^ v^^^" .. . ;-.] '.. - ¦ :H
1 [t°v r d rIo e w e pe? n ?arT n ' 8 8hlrtS< 12 * C *"% fine cotton covert do^ su , it , s ' especially suitable for out- high-class silk waists-all those imported silk waists, «| AC in<r nf humt l 1
i *^oo yard, 2T and 32 'inch' wide mad™. J n g wear as are very serviceable; double-breasted jackets, especially charming for matinee or evening wear, being CIO5in« Ul uuini . u
a in light bines, pinks and other shades. four pearl buttons; inverted plait skirt ?3-5o mostly in light colors, and probably constituting the finest Ipnthpr sale JulV 3* a
1 nLw^r" yard' P "' " S tha " mm Pr l C icl misses' suits, with eton jackets, made from ladies' cloth, collection in san francisco, will be offered this week a: ICdlIIcr oca1^ * |
1 io pieces whVtc'" P iqu;;"27 'inches W ide. with handsome mohair braid trimming on both jacket and greatly reduced prices- until tuerfay ««»««* b^ n^ nl fr *' I l! g
a fine corded effect; for outing dresses; per skirt; fly-front jackets, with silk facing On reveres; in tan, the $2S.OO ones for $I-OO kU I up opera bags fr-m 43c up. no I!
1 inches wide? light brown, blue, cadet and garnet; were $12.50; to clear, the $15.00 ones-like illustration 'in center-for! :$iaoo "£* Q S^"SSt |
3 In pinks, blues and light grounds, large each $7-50 $10.00 and $7.50 ones for $6 00 and $t 00 marked at closing price*. U
a variety patterns, suitable styles for shirt . " .... .' . :• . jl
I ""'"• " d '"" dr "- •" '*" m ¦¦ "^tHes glorious fourth." : : I
sale of union suits. mus | in { | a?s „ sfil)ks iron pisf() | Si "S^S^ .». i
9 17S ladies' jersey ribbed non-shrinking 2^*4 inches dozen, 2c; 3 dozen, 5c ri^ i nc hes lone with two boxes finish, a 'good value for n y»rd. but still H
I a.yr'ffpS^t^rbuttSlSa* 5^^ jnehes:.. dozen, 4 c; 3 dozen, ioc , ca^ 2 .:..!.. .?....._. .. ° 5 c "per yard....... |
S the front; handsomely bound with silk: A, l A^lVi inches. . .doz., 7CJ.3 dozen, 2OC 1>» li««-» ''¦'.-¦¦ '3
I finished throughout with elastic covered cl^vni/l inches dozen IOC \fe»»_ . nOlllS. • : H
1 seams; gussets in the arm; wide laps, in 5*^X9/3 "Knes uuztll luc W^S^Ww*^ IIUIIO. . -. . ¦ f4
1 bark; sizes pmall, medium and larRe; 8xI4incheS dozen 2.|C I2 inches lon.ST %~ 3 fine DiaCK : ' •' |1
1 l .^.". l *. ; .. l S "finches dozen ,5c 16 inches long ...."i:'.'.'.'**^ Swi^S taffeta -¦. I
a 12x22 inches dozen 40c 2ij4 inches long 15c 5& tcJilCld, - .
1 sale of ladies' vests- American heavy cotton flags. l^a hammocks. 1
1 40 dozen ladles' Jersey ribbed non- bound on top with canvas, ready for . T^BBD ¦ jf T^ncf ''dm^cZui n^ I
g shrinking wool vests; medium wei K ht; pole, positively fast colors— K MS^3s^^ • /valance, diiterent colors, 30x84, iL p nt%yu olnvPQ B
iS fine. soft quality; two-thirds ; wool ; - x g f eet $ t -- * ' ,-'3PVv5^-» Special $1.75 lRe nCW mU»C&. ,j
1 S^tio'nsf c^ve^" s^amsi 8x12 feet! '.'. '.'.'. i '. .'. . . '. . . . .$350 /^^M^)^^/^ hammock with spreader and pillo.V. a ne w Hr.e : of real "media Pi^ue glove, |
3 color silver gray; all sizes, 4, 5, 6; regu- , . /?' C^W^K^^i^rf 3 r JXfO Soc '" the newest shades «rray and nMj.
I Ur W ,c; no, each 45c m \ flag. M^SSBKL WW %^^J^'^Si"£i |
1 ..nriPrWPar r | M n-Un fast color. 3x6 fee, $2 . 5 O rA)*MP^S33r hundred I3C gS^?. l^l^^r pa^.!^ .^ I
I • about forty dozen men's underwear, the AmBNCan SllK flagS. \S4fIWI W^ k&Sff$Z& S££& SS |
I rncl i Sded C a U r? U two 0 Hn 0 e !L 'of P ?ameTshX 7XIO inches IOC /PWfiF/il d ° ZCn 7C • n.w"lmpo^il^."-"of" ladlei" iam^.kln S
1 hree Unes r of M°tu™T K ray andTneXe 8x12 inches. ISC fPlRSMnP HflQlfPt? *7"; brow , n ' blBCk ' ""^iJS 3
| of vicuna, all good weight and not a i 2 xl8 inches 20C OTBl7tW===^. lCIOOllU(JC UddnClbi cellent value, pair. .....ft.OO I
w piece ever before offered undfr 73c. there ' • flf nA«u\ = *" extra lieavj' bound wooden ed^- i
I Eliz'it^M^S^hB red, white and blue festooning. Jf/i\\l eompiete. with straps, ;»zeoxi8»ch.6^ Male's iron-thread H
I « c io yards ,ior.. 20c telescope band safchsl. ' hosiery 1
I i decoration bunting. (¦¦¦®\lil for Iunchor shopping, i 2 inches.... 35c . ' .¦ - r • t
1 department Of y A wide , and stars and II WV- fJbbOnS fOF tll6 fourth fj^^c^^^r^^
3 ?irt llPPrifPWOrk Stripes, per yard 4c III 111/ every piece of our 40c, 45c 60c and 55c select- , v .«._,,.._.» 3
a Ctrl IICCUJCYVUri^. .11 wr \VS ed fancy ribbons, and they're the newest and 10 ° &own mtsses and **>** 2xl ribbe(J 3
S ,, lananP3P lantPrn^ atfil " \^1^V_ most up-to-date to he found in new- york com- fas«t b'.ick cotton hose, medium weight. "1
A 300 extra wide tambour scarfs, 54 inches JaJJaliCDC lUIIIGIIIO* _ 11 '' T <gn l" prisinj? 4 to 5 inch wide tafTeta, with corded very elastic, deep, glossy black, smooth- i
« Ion? and cf very new and beautiful de- •_ f anPV colors and shaoes — 'vU,'-" "- " v "' stripe, pompadour stripe, satin taffeta with finish, double knees, heels and toes. I
H signs, each 55c in ianc> colors <uiu bii^cs __ two-toned effects, fine taffeta with honiton sizes 6 to 9^. 3 pairs for..., ...... .........50c I
1 150 tambour Knrfs, new goods. 18x54 7XIO incnes ..aozen.^c stripes will this week *o In one Brand lot at 60 dozen ladles' seamless fast black 3
a Inches, open work and nicely embroider- 0V2XII inches dozen $I.OO P er yara ..... „ 33c "iron thread hose." extra lone elastic 1
¦ ed. each 30c ,' .. jn^h^c Hnypn nn untl1 , • 4- yards «-'nch novelty ribbon In tors. good, heavy weight, extra double g
a I2XI 0 inches...... ..aozen $1.50 our regular 7^c quality, per yard 50c g°les. heels and toes, sizes SVi to 10t per I
i - ' » pair ••••• Wo I
1 j^ »¦ novel articles for the toilet. . — r tssr \^m 4$
1 (*3p<y) \r balsam tulu soap. Tw&S^Jj^lffi^ds^M J 1 /^?/ s~\ mail FiOVel J& \
\ Sjmi heavy. "LusiikTffi- el perfecto rouge.. 5 oc /M/ JJSU \^^^ \ promptly and accu- yt3$* \
\ Mm\ ta - wlth Rha^ d u col^ ate s cashm cre /*&*{ _g^^ €%&&4ThB^ *r*****ff*** rately tilled, we have endg of ribbon „,, fW-)^ 1
I Wt&& BtSck - w and tab bou< J uet ' medium *~ K ~*^fata &c J~Z%&%r£? %#®$gJU>Z*^^ the best organized rcint de M iian iac« J
| ™M 'nds, trimmed with Size ......... I5C "» "' "¦"¦¦¦iWHini mil mail order depart- insertion and trim- JWi ]
I white silk fringe and Colgate's violet toi- . ment upon the pa- me d with white silk tfflji? \
i juby trimming 9Sc let water .2oc for rental present premises, occupancy after Sept. 1. apply G. H. Umbsen & Co. cific coast. fringe *i.7» «\sw§i \