no_textSmith— You and Jones don't seem to be
'as friendly as you were. Does he owe you
money? " Brown— No. not exactly; but he
wanted to.—
Mrs. Dimpleton— It is time to give the
baby his milk and the dear lit Ue soul is
asleep. I. want him to wake naturally.
Dimple ton— That's easy. - I'll snore a few
times.— Puck. .'-V '-' , : .' ; V
AROUSING HIM.
If most of the above questions Indicate a
negative answer why should a young
woman get married?
If extinction of the best part of oneself
is a praiseworthy act, would not total de
struction be a desirable consummation?
Is v servility. likely to lead to improve
ment or uplifting?
Should each of. us be provided with a
keeper?
laws of nature?
Is Unnecessary; to be unhappy? Should
wu fetter/ourselves with the rules of our
forefathers, whom we must admit, with
all 'due reverence to their bones, ashes and
memories, were not as much advanced in-'
tellectually or in any other way as we are
in" this day *;>.;' - ~*>'v ::
/.What -Is the greatest mistake that a
young man or woman can make on first
beginning their career?
".¦What « is i the" cause of • most of the Im
morality, in the world? '^
What la it that makes half of the women
of the country no better than slaves?
• Is it wise In this world of mutation and
positive * uncertainties • to swear strong
oaths that bind 'us fast, for life? -
Is it wise_to. follow or contravene the
What is the cause of most of the worries
of life?
Mollle C of Westport^ writes, a»klr.~
for a simple code of flirtation. She saya
she is familiar with the fan and handker
chief systems, and wants to know if thera
is no other.
. Here.iMoWe, la a simple code — the brick
bat tjirtation:
Picking up brick from street— I anj
waiting for you.
: Carrying brick In right hand— I am
watching 'you.
Carr>'lng brick In left hand— I feel se
cure.
Biting corner of brick— I love you.
Rubbing .brick on nose — Write to me.
Wrapping brick in handkerchief— I doubt
you. J
Throwing brick ~ through window—Be
ware of the neighbors. ."
Balancing trick on chin— -We are
watched.
Striking back of head -with brick— I ana
married. * £s£i
Scratching ear with brick— Don't speak
to me.
Throwing brick at stranger's head- 1
want to make an Impression.
Putting brick in pocket— We are safe.
This code has the advantage of being
certain to attract attention, and bricks are
always to be found, even when your fan
is at home and your handkerchief is being
laundered.— Baltimore American.
AN OLD MAID'S SOLILCQUY.
Brickbat Flirtation.
Mr. William Worm— "Why so gloomy. Lewis??
Mr. Lewis Locust— "My sweetheart has left town for a seventeen-year visit"
'< . Benevolent Person (to old tramp)— You
; ought to be ashamed of yourself to be
betrglr.g at your age.
Tramp (indignantly) — How on earth can
I beg at any other age now, I'd like to
know. Give me a penny.— London Tit-
Bits.
COULD NOT; HELP IT.
SaW the Other Shopper— What! Do you
mean to tell me that stupid nurse has
dared to brings out my little darling In
such a day as this?— London Tit-Bits.
Said One Shopper— Oh. , I Just saw the
loveliest, sweetest, prettiest baby a min
ute ago.
COULDN'T BE *BUT ONE.
Weed— I love the smell of a good cigar.
Butt— And I love the taste of one. I'll
tell you -'what to do. Tou buy a good cigar
and I'll smoke it. ; Then each of us^wlll
get what he likes so much. ' f . '
¦Jones-^Gr eat. Scott! has that man been
In an explosion | of 'a . railroad | wreck?
, , Brown— Neither. He's a census enumer
ator who showed up a smaller population
in his town than it had ten years ago.—
Detroit -tree Press.
TAKING THE CENSUS.
¦>-; Indo-China has ' the only village of mad
men, in "the; world. This village, which la
called* Ban-Keune, is ¦; composed of some
300 families, is industrially prosperous and
pays :. yearly; a goodly -, tribute : to Prance.
Yet it has not a single *' sane Inhabitant.
To enter, it one must be downright mad—
or, 'as the", natives i call it, r **plpop." The
conception of - insanity prevailing in . this
part of the world is not that of a disease,'
but of- a "possession." — Philadelphia
TixnesJ^ ', ,. . ' ......¦¦
EVERY: INHABITANT IS • INSANE.
The Greeks, and Romans of ancient
times ' are , not the only > people who have
curious mythological - stories . .' about the
origin-. of ' flowers. " ¦ Scandinavian litera
ture .-'¦ abounds with h these v pretty tales.
Even our. Indians had their say, in like
manner," about these things. Among some
of the : Canadian . aborigines, i, pines and
cedars originated ' from* strong •> men ; who
were; planted j by, their feet in the 'ground,
and branches i grew out from " their -bodies,
in response to iwishesito' live forever. It
is singular . that ' similar, stories about ¦ the
origin of "¦¦ evergreens t\ have prevailed
among . ancient ~ men [ : : In ! ' many isolated
points.— Mehan's Monthly. ¦-
PLANT MYTHOLOGY.
BILL TOLD.
Physician— Here is your bill. Mr. Jones.
Jones— I am just beginning to realize
how sick I was.— Harper's Bazar. ; • ¦
May— Goodness! don't you see? Another
stamp would make it still heavier —
Catholic Standard and Times.
May— These postoffice clerks are just
simple. I gave one a letter to-day and he
said it needed another stamp because It
was overweight. ) : '¦? i}. ;- "
Fay— Well?
UTTERLY RIDICULOUS.
"Your order prohibiting the smoking of
coffin nails in your office was based, 1
presume, on the injurious effect, of 'the
habit upon young men,' was it not?" : ' ;
"Yes, and we felt, besides, like doing
something in a practical way for the ben
efit of the fresh-' air fund." — Chicago
Tribune. •
"This is genuine brandy,"' said the fat
gentleman, tasting; from a wine glass,
"and this—this is whisky," and so on. >•¦-£
At this a wag poured out-.^a glass {"of
water, which he handed to the;,connois
seur. ' '"' : •'
"This is —ah —ah—this —is ."said' he.
tasting it again; "by thunder! gentlemen,
I lose the bet! I never tasted this liquor
before."—Spare Moments. ¦¦:-
HELPING THE MOVEMENT ALONG.'
At one of our commercial hotels a stout,
red-faced gentleman,' in. a white beaver,
blue coat and buff vest, offered :to wager
a fiver that -he could close his eyes and
simply by taste name any kind of liquor
In the house. -\
The bet was taken and the process of
winning or losing {was commenced forth
with. ¦¦. s ,-,..'.." \-/. ¦ ¦'¦"' .;; . .;¦ --'-"¦- ¦':!
STRANGE LIQUOR TO HIM.
A GOOD SCHEME.'
¦ • ¦ ¦ ' ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ " - ¦ •¦-¦ -.,--..
• "Why do yon imagine he married his first wife's sister?"
•*6o he wouldn't have to change mothers-in-law, I suppose."
'."Well; really, 'haunts' are not my spe
cialty," replied Mr. Barnes-TOrmer, "al
though once I did play the ghost in "Ham
let.'"—Detroit Free Press.
"I suppose in your varied theatrical ex
perience," said the matinee girl, "you
have seen life in all the big cities. What
is your favorite haunt?"
A THEATRICAL HAUNT.
"_"I don't know,", answered the man who
makes | careful distinctions. "I should
say it depended on whether he's the one
who starts the first street car or the ice
man."—Washington Star.
WEALTH AND EARLY RISING.
you think that early rising helps a
man get rich?"
"She's a mighty pretty girl and has a
lot of money. "Wonder what her father
is? Must be a landed proprietor, for he's
always talking about hay and straw and
such things."
"Cigar manufacturer, probably I" Heit
ere Welt.
TALKING ABOUT WEEDS.
"Wife (reading)— Another mysterious sui
cide—unknown man throws himself from
a cliff.
Husband (thoughtlessly) — Bet his wife
was at the bottom of it.
Wife-Charles!
Husband (hurriedly) — Of the cliff, my
love; not the suicide. — Collier's "Weekly.
SARCASM.
> THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
Miss Watson— "Mr. Johnsing, you seems to take well at pahties.~-
Mr Johnson— "Yas, I does. Miss "Watson. I done took dis hat en coat at de las'
pahty'l attended." - • ; - -vffi&38gPg»M^
"How did you know you were in love with me?"
"I felt so foolish."Jane's youth Is lost— alas, alack;
Nor prayers nor tears can lure it back;
But, on one score, she does not mind It —
No other dame will ever find it.
—Indianapolis Journal.
Loving Mother— I can't understand what
makes our boy Robert so fond of pedes
trlantern. Fond Father— He gets tint from
me. Didn't I walk the floor with him
when he was a babyt
Jones—I'm down on mixed jury verdicts
In murder trials.
Brown —How would you fix things?
Jones—I'd leave the evidence with twelve
handwriting experts.—Indianapolis Jour
nal.
"¦'¦
__—_—— i .<-
NOT TRANSFERABLE.
Daphne is a summer beauty, but her
grace my poor heart mocks.
For I know I could not buy her such a
lot of fluffy frocks.
—Chicago Record.-
NEW WAY.
THE DISCOURAGED LOVER.
Mistress— So you are married, Bridget?
May you be very, very happy!
Cook — Shure, mum, it's a cinch! He gits
twinty dollars a wake and weighs forty
pounds less'n I do! — Puck.
A LEAD-PIPE CINCH.
Smythe— My wife dropped In to see me
at ihe office to-day, and — ,
Browne — Sorry, old man, but my wife
saw me before 1 left home. I haven't a
cent to lend.— Philadelphia Press.
IN THE SAME BOAT.
"He's awfully in the way sometimes,"
assented the politician's pretty daughter.
DE TROP.
"Don't talk to me about a third party!"
exclaimed the old politician. "A third par
ty is always a fraud."
rupt me every time I try to say some
thing. Do I ever break in when you're
talking?
Mrs. Kawdle — No, you wretch! You go
to sleep!
Jhe Man (Oho Jfad the Vote.
The following is an unreported Incident
before one of the commissioners appoint
ed to inquire into a certain election peti
tion:
"What Is your name?"
"George Jones."
"Well, what do you know cf this?"
"On the day of the election I went to
the Spotted Dog."
"What did you do there?"
"I stt'd a man."
"Well, what did he do?"
"He gave me five shillings, and said as
/low I was to vote for ."
"Wc'.l, did you vote for Mr. V
"No. sir."
"What did you do then?** .
"I Brent to the Pig and Whistle."
"Weil-there?"
••There I see'd another man."
"What did he do?"
"He gave roe live shillings and said I
was to vote for — ."
"And did you vote?" •
"What <iid you do then?"
"I wer.t to the Red Lion.**
'•And there?"
"There 1 sc-e'd a man, too."
"And did he give you five shillings and
tell you to vote for Mr. T'
"He. did so."
"And did you?"
"No, sir."
•'Why, then, on your own admission,
you have obtained fifteen shillings to vote
for one of the candidates; did you vote
tt aiir*
"No. sir.**
"Why not?"
"Because I ain't got no vote; It's my
father. George Jones, who's an elector."
— London Tlt-BJts.
LABOR SAVED.
"Sedgeley's cow broke into my lawn and
chewed off all the grass."
"What did he do?"
"Sent me a bill for using bis cow as a
lawn mower.**—Philadelphia North Amer
ican.
HI3 ONLY WAY OF ESCAPE.
Mr. Kawdle— I wish you wouldn't inter-
NOT PARTICULAR
Swell Hunter— "How! • Did you shoot these birds on the wing?"
C let Dou't-LIke-Much-Chin— "Injun shoot him In head, tail. wing, feet, any
wherv. Injun r.o care, so he get 'urn."
Bangs— Terrible storm we had last night;
terrific thunder, and liehtning. Bings—
Well, you see, I reached home about 2 and
I didn't hear the storm outside.
"Poor Skorcher lost his -bet." "What
was that?" "He bet Scouter that he could
make one hundred miles on his wheel in
side eight hours." And couldn't be do it?"
"Oh, yes, he could have done it; but he
stopped at ninety-nine, thinking that was
the end of the century."
"I understand," said Mrs. Kostlque,
"that you have been seen promenading'
with my husband; is that true?" The
governess drew herself up defiantly. "Yes
It is," she replied. "Well, Miss Primer,"
the other continued, calmly, "if you wish
to remain here you'll have to keep better
company."
George (dreamily)— I have always
thought seriously of it; that's why I'm a
bachelor. — Judy.
She (slyly)— How is it— er— George, that
you have never thought seriously, of get
ting married?"
CAUSE.
"How women do love to stare at a
hero," said the cynical youth. "Yes, as
sented the savage bachelor. "That is one
reason why they^all flock to weddings:"
"I've a great notion to go and jump into
the river," said Mr. N. Peck, at the end of
a little domestic discussion, as he took hia
hat and started out. "You come back."
said his wife. "It you intend any such
trick as that just march upstairs and put
on your old clothes before you start."
A sailor at Margate hailed a cab along
side his ship to drive him home. "The
cabby proceeded to put the luggage on the
top of the cab, •when the salt called out:
"Here, cabby, none o' that for me! It's
me that rides on deck, and my box must
go in the hold!"
"Well?"
"He got hopping mad; said he didn't
come from the country at all." — Indian
apolis Journal.
. "I asked the new boarder what .part of
the country he came from."
NO FARRIER.
TOO FAR AWAY.
Phyllis "I suppose you had plonty of fresh milk at the farmhouse whet.. jO&
boarded last summer?"
Phrank— "Oh, no! We were nearly one hundred miles from the nearest city."
"While I eat this salad, I'm going to
think this thing out calmly. I certainly
know this speech by heart; I've gone to
Lttl. and cot up with it. too long to for
get it now. There's no use in getting
rattled. There can be no question that
this matter involves issues' — Confound it.
why can't that man let me alone? He
"Used the wrong fork ror my oysters.
It becomes evident. Got to use oyster
fork now for the roast. Glad my wife
Isn't here; glad I've cot one thing left to
be glad for. There can be no question
that the issues which are involved In this
matter or— that's not right. There can
be no issue involved in this question
which is not'— By Jove, but this room is
Infernally hot! There can be no question
involved in this issue'— oh, which way
does the confounded thing go?
"Is this Kame? Snouldn't know it from
rhicken-fevd. Am I eating like a civilized
being, or am I ramming it down the way
I used to do when I know a thrashing was
waiting for me after dinner? Wish that
idiot across the table wouldn't look at the
parting of my hair so often. Wonder if
I cot it crooked after all?
** 'Ladies and gentlemen'— no. no— I
mean— "Mr. Tcastmaster and Gentlemen.' !
Wonder if I look pale? F«el pa!e. I'm
sure. Glad 1 got a ttsh-bone in my throat
Just then. It changed the current of my
thoughts for a time, and eased up some of
the pressure en my brain. Besides It
headed off the man on my left from ask
ing me questions which I haven't mind
enough to spare to answer. — There's a
little story which comes to my mind, as
I rise to address you.' By the Lord Harry,
how did that story begin? Suppose it
shouldn't come to my mind!
"Elegant oysters, but no taste to 'em.
Porha; s it's my tonffue-jit feels sort of
blurred. ¦ v * ~: ;
"Soup looks all right, but I don't seem
to notice it as it goes down. , \*-'
(He takes his seat at the table, and
et<a!» a glance *t the toast-list.)
"Third from the last speaker— and a
twelve-course dinner to be lived through
l'.rst. Oreat Caesar! Well— maybe I'll die
before we get to it. Hope so, I'm sure.
"He's getting through! The questions
involved in this issue— The issues involved
in this question— Ladles and— Mr. Toast
master and gentlemen. As I rise to ad
dress you— as I rise to address you, a little
story cemes to my mind'— My mind! It's
a perfect blank— absolute. He's sitting
down! Oh, I wish I were being hanged—
I do, I DO!— 4 My Toastmaster and ladles'
—or being shot for a deserter, or being
•wrecked on a barren island. Now, it's
COME! He's calling on ME! They're
looking at me! I know my necktie's
under one ear — I know it — but I can't
help it 'now: it's too late— everything's
too late. Here I go. SPEAK, George
Thompson! SPEAK, you fool!"
(Aloud). "My Toastmaster— L-l— and
prentlemen— "— Grace S. Richmond, in
Truth.
"Two more! If my knees shake like
this I can't stand on my legs, that's alL
I see my finish-, I shall fall over and be
carried out. and that'll be the best thing
that could happen— so long as nobody
gets onto it. One more! George Thomp
son, when that man sits down you've got
to get up. Oh, why can't I go home? I've
had enough of this. I believe I'll—I'll run
away— NOW!
"Second man up! Three more before
me. Wish I could go home. Afraid I for
got to applaud Number One. Must re
member that, this time. -
"Great heavens! we've got to the toasts.
First man looks as calm as mud.. Wish
I could just look that way, whether I
said much of anything or not. But I don't.
I look all colors — blue. Just now, I think.
"Guess I 'won't smoke; don't think I
could hold my hand- steady to light up.
I'll have to take out more insurance If
I've got heart disease— if I can get any
company to take my risk, j " ¦ •
may have nothing to do but eat his dinner
and ask fool questions of men who have
something on their minds.
"By Jove, we're getting pretty well
through! My mouth is as dry as saw
dust, nothing seems to' moisten it up.
Never knew I had palpitation of the heart
—but I got it now. sure. I'll see the doctor
in the morning', if I'm alive — which I
doubt.
Before His first After- Dinner Speech.
THE StJ]ST>AY CALL.
— —
HE HAD MARRIED HER.
He— "I used t« -pay that woman compliments five years ago.
She— "What do you pay her now?"
He— "Alimony."
3fS^fffE toots "had given up ffidr TionTO
|| In the city and gone to the glen to
][ camp. Not that the glen was a nice
place to camp. Jt was the last place
In the ¦world to which you or I would go
to. locate anything else than a slaughter
house. A glen usually is thought*bf as a
place -where a rill-, trickles over mossy
banks, and nymphs and sylphs and things
chase. themselves round the trunks of an
cient moss-hung trees. . ¦'A •»
This -was not the manner of that. glen.
It was dry as a. bone. v '-. Water ¦* was so
scarce.that the two youngest Gooks, who
did most of the hard work because" they
were too small to defend' themselves,'- ecu
blisters on their, feet arid hands packing
enough water to do "cooking The
Gooks didn't use much water for anything
else. So apt to catch cold from it, -you
know. - . . :-¦»_. -¦¦'¦
Another thing about this glen was Its
popularity. It seemed to be more popular
with the people than : a. gob of ~ molasses
¦with "flies. There were so many campers
that they just tied their tents together in
groups and rows. There was no room to
stick tent pins. : '¦"-¦ . .¦'.¦'
In spite of all the Gooks' care about tak-
ing colds they got one apiece before long.
Heaven sent 'em. This was the way of it.
Nature, as well as the rest of us, has
been getting Eastern ideas of late and the
summer storm is becoming more regular*
The first night that the camp was started
there came a soaker. It filled all the fam
ily ¦wash tubs,'' soaked the tents, soaked
ihe bedding and it "soaked the Gooks.
They got up, splashed round in the mud
and tried to build a fire, instead of stay
ing .sensibly in. their beds .and keeping
quiet. Wet wood;' no -lire.: Then :' they
struck out for .the hotel. After getting
lost In the swamp' between camp ."and
Cattville depot they' got to" the t»ctel ; an
hour behind the rest *C the campers and
found that there wasn't even' room for
them on the ofllce Moor. Then Pa Gook
left 'the family, shivering on the porch
and started through the village with a
THE CAMPER AND
THE VAPOR BAT
erally dirty appearance of things and the
large-sized cold. The cold did not bother
them as much as it did or might have
done others, for the Gooks used no more
handkerchiefs when they had colds than
at any. other time.-
Hippocrates Gook, though, had ad
vanced ideas and brought home from the
city next evening a wonderful contriv
ance of rags a-nd wire, which was adver
tised to be better than a Turkish bath as*
a method of curing colds, la grippe and
other ills requiring calorific sanitation.
There being but one tent there was no
room in it to set up the thermopathetic
healer, so Hippocrates took it away
through the surrounding forest of grease
wood and poison oak to a secluded spot,
which was over two hundred feet from the
nearest camp. Hera he set up the little
tentlike contrivance within which he was
to take the vapor bath, lit the gasoline
lamp to heat it, opened the camp stool
on. which he was to sit, disrobed hurried
ly and crawled Inside. Just as he had
finished tying the strings around his neck
to keep in the heat he heard giggling girl
voices coming toward him- He grabbe*
I tallow candle in a lamp chimney for a
tight. The villagers, while neither proud
nor exclusive,' nevertheless had a whole
some horror of the various epidemic, con
tagious and automobile nuisances which
the campers brought, each year, and each
and all had good excuses to save them
selves from having to lodge the Gooks.
Pluvius worked till he was black In the
face and Pa Gook returned to the family
to find them in open mutiny. It ended by
their spending the night in the .stable,
covered with horse blankets and hay.
The morning was one of those beautiful
things that makes you say: "Oh, what so
rare as a day in June!" The men of the
family -went back to camp to find fifteen
cows standing on what had been the tent
and busily engaged in eating onions, pota
toes and cabbage out of the box that was
used as a pantry.
But anybody that would camp in the
-'glen was not to be discouraged by a lit
tle thing like that. The tent was raked
out of the mud; various articles of domes
tic and personal utility were dried in the
sun and at night there was nothing to be
noticed out of the way except the gen-
riiE
4of tents with their occupants running out
to see what caused his yells, all around
him a buzzing yellow fog of hornets. Into
the tent he rushed. The hornets found
more fuel to feed their wrath. The inside
of the bath cabinet seemed full of hor
nets and they devoted themselves impar
tially to the whole Gook family, and as
each Gook ran out he, she or it instlnct
• Ively ran to a neighboring tent for pro
tection. Now.' it is said 'that -a bee can
sting but once, and then he bursts his
stinger and dies of grrief. or something,
but a hornet ain't built that way. He is
a native son of the woolly West. He is
rigged out ' to fight . his way through a
hard crowd any time and when he sticks
his stinger in he just pulls* It out again
and goes for another place. —
The rest is too awful to tell. Fifteen
families moved away from the hated spot
and the Gooks and hornets spent the rest
of the summer in a war. to the death for
the possession of the glen.
A bee line is the shortest possible
distance, between given points. A hornet
line is considerably shorter. That was the
kind of line that Hippocrates struck for
camp. He passed the girls, flying down
the road, wearing nothing but the vapor
bath cabinet. Down past the hundreds
the vapor bath carefully and' walked Into
the brush.- crouching to conceal himself.
As he got into the edge of the brush he
tripped and fell backward. Heavens!
what was it! He felt as though a dozen
knives ; had \ stuck ' clear into . his bones.
There was a buzzir.g sound' and he saw
himself surrounded with thousands of
hornets. .
VDAY CALL.
5"Wai. Marandy, this is er leetle might rougher than the old swimmin' hole tei
hum. but I reckon we kin do a turn in it jest the same."
And; they did.
f es. the ant is an Industrious little In
•ect; but it. would not have much time to
attend I to business if It had | for company
all the sluggards that are recon»m«n<ifld to
. Its acquaintance.
When to the woods and fields I go
A book I must have with me. so
Old hayseed Horace fills my need,
la Latin— which I ciimot read.
—Chicago Record.
FOR SUMMER READING.
"They hnd to let him go. He looked so
euperlor.' to the rest of the family."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.~*~
"The Beglers have a new coachman."
' ."What'flid they do with the old one?"
"They say the young man Melissa Per
kins is gotn' to marry is a reg'lar para
gon." .
"Land sakes! Do tell! I thought he was
a clerk in a grocery." —Chicago Times-
Herald. '• V.
COULDN'T STAND THE CONTRAST.
"Collar buttons don't worry'.' me any
more." ¦-.'¦¦•¦
"Why don't theyr*
"Well, when I lose one on the floor I
just steal one from my wife."—Indianapo
lis Journal.
"~"
A MISUNDERSTANDING.
A FAMILY MATTER NOW.
Miss Fortyodd— I'll never, never marry
a man who is a bit of a coward.
Miss Pert— No, of course not. ..The man
who marries you will deserve to wear the
red badge of courage.— Philadelphia Bul
letin.
WILL BE A HERO.
Hid safely midst the rippling oats.
In unmarred domesticity,*
The browsi quail with her brood he notes,
And envies their felicity.
For him alone each blade and flower
A spell of glorious witchery weaves;
He revels in their passing hour.
And when they go 'tis he that grieves.
And those who, ever climbing high,
Only at last their dreams to miss.
He entertains as they pass by
With some brief nonsense such as this.
*>--;' .— L1GHTQUILL.
AN HUMBLE POET.
ile is not one who soars and sings
In hexametric strains profound; ¦
He knoweth best God's humbler things
That nestle meekly near the ground.
The first shy flower that lifts her face.
In timid Joy the spring to greet.
He carols of with dainty grace,;
And'limns for. you a picture sweet
"That measly cad from Yankeeland
I'll-' now proceed to crush 1"
And on the face of the Prince of Wales
There came 1 a . royal flush. . _
Jinks —Boarding in th« country now, eh?
What do you do with yourself" eventnes?
Winks—Some nights I sit outdoors to
keep' cool, and other, nights I go to bed
to I keep warm.—New -York Weekly.
"; O
NO CARDS.
RURAL DELIGHTS.
Northrup— My congratulations on your
marriage with the wealthy widow, old
chap! Of course, you are in clover now,
eh? : ': , :_
Hardup (sadly)— No; she isn't the loan
widow I took her to be.— Chicago Evening
News. -¦-." . .' "f-vi:;;:-. : r ' ¦¦ . .¦ •..'¦.-; '¦''^•^rv..:
ANOTHER- FAILURE.
' "If you'ir walk slowly across the floor
again," the photographer said, "I'll try
another snapshot. This one shows you
with* your foot In the air."
"That's all rJght," replied the prominent
citizen. "I'll send it to my daughter's
young man." ¦/_..
"Well, Mr. Bickers," said Lawyer Brecf,
"your_ wife sues for, divorce and asks $5C0)
a year alimony. Of course we will defend
It.',' * . . .
"No, Mr. -Breef. we will not defend."
replied Mr. Bickers..
"But that is an enormous alimony."
"That's all right, but I am for peace
at any price. "—Detroit Free Press.
could" use it.
WILLING VICTIM.
Miss Oldgirl— I think that was just love
ly to give Susan B.- Anthony a rose for
every year of her age.
¦ Mr. Sourrfropp — Good thing -they don't
do that for everybody..
Miss Oidgirl— Why, pray?
Sourdropp— Some poor fellow'd have to
buy a greenhouse for you.— Baltimore
American.
You tramp in rusty broadcloth— .
. You make ir.e tired! .
A fraud so poorly covered
Is not admired.
Go swap It for a jumper
And overalls, ,
And quickly take your station
Where duty calls.
Take off your hat to labor.
The uncrowned King. •
The prince and heir apparent
Of everything.
—JAMES M. MUSE.
FALSE PRIDE.
O pitying reader, stop and think
What widespread misery it must make
When a man who weighs SCO pounds
Is suffering from the stomachache.
"And what do you regard as the great
est triumph of modern surgery?" "Col
lecting the bills," promptly responded the
great practitioner.
WHEN WE WERE BOYS.
"She reminds lue of Saturn.**
"Why?"
""It's pretty hard to tell what her lings
are made of."— Chicago Times- Herald.
Without actually dpparting from the
letter of the truth. It Is astonishing what
different stories two thoroughly respect
able men can tell ta a jury.
TWO OF A KIND.
She walked the hot and barren sands.
And yet she was In clover.
And was engaged to three young men
Before her stay was over.
LOVE AT THE SEASIDE.
The Maiden— Mr. Courtwell. before I an
swer you, what is your politics?
The Ardent Lover— I am a rock-rooted
Democrat.
The Maiden (with a little slgh>— Well.
I'm a Middle-of-the-Road Populist. We
can't fuse, Mr. Courtwell.
"I couldn't sleep last night. I Just had
to get up and walk around."
"Insomnia, eh?"
"Yea. The baby had It."— Philadelphia
Press.
IRRECONCILABLE.
Mrs. Hatterson—I don't know what I
shall do. My husband has been so dis
contented lately over his meals at home.
Mrs. Catterson—Why. I didn't know you
were without a cook. —Detroit Free Press.
*
AND HE SUFFERED.
"Yes'm." said the old soldier, "and it
took a whole lot of muscle to get away
when the bloody beggars charged on us."*
"Didn't It require a lot of nerve to
stand up and face the enemy In battle?"
asked the Interested listener.
PHYSICAL RESOURCES.
fairy's magic art to get Jack out alive,
but she did It. and he left the place with
money to- burn. He now set out for the
Klondike,, but, finding the Chllkoot Pass
a hard road to travel, he-pressed the ring
again. - The fairy again appeared and pre
sented him with a pair of seven-leagued
boots, but -Informed him that the Klon
dike was a back number and advised
him to try Cape Nome. The upshot of It
was that Jack made a fortune and be
came a New Tork multimiHlonalre- He
married the fairy— that Is a bold tnnnova
tion in fairy literature, but U expected to
meet general approval— and she preside*
over Jack's establishment, according to
the Sunday papers, with grace and tact.
Jack spends a great deal of his time get
ting off that ancient gag that he wa»
happier when he hadn't a dollar.— Puck.
Jack, in the pursuit of fortune, got In
trouble in, a poker game In S«attle— ran
up against four of a- kind and similar dif
ficulties—so he pressed the ring. The fairy
appeared, remained Invisible to the other
players, and told him to play sii more
pots and get cold feet. • The other players
strongly objected to cold feet . at that
stage of the game, and It required all the
There was once a poor widow who had
an only son. His name, it 1* hardly nec
essary to say. was Jack. Of course, he
left home to seek his fortune and met a
fairy on the road. The fairy took a fancy
to Jack and gave him • a diamond ring —
paste diamonds, so that nobody would
steal it— and. told him, when In trouble,
to press the ring and she would do tha
rest. v - . ;
A fairy tale.
THE SUNDAY CAliL.
NOT THE SAME.
WOE.
6
WHOLESALE.
INFERRED.Teacher— If one man can perform a
piece of work In six days, how long will it
take six men to do it. Willie— About six
weeks. Teacher— How do you get that?
Willie — Six men would get up a strike.
-.^Waller— So Bilklns rents that £70-a-year
house of yours, does he? He pays too
much rent.
Landlord (sighing)— You don't know him.
NOT Tix^xi. WAY.
"Oh, ,he*s the kind ! that would . present
you with the second volume of a book
and not know it."— Chicago Record.
"What kind of a; man Is Rodney Mc-
NlbbsT' .: ¦':. :,
NOT ALL THERE.
relief from the hot weather?" Inquired the
panting citizen. "Of course, I know it's
all for the best, but I can't keep myself
reminded of it. 1 .' '
"Well," answered Mr r - Dustln Stox, ¦ "I
have managed to get a. little comfort out
of the situation."
"I went and . bought : a lot ' of. stock In
an ice company."— Washington Star.
"Is there any way "of getting a little
MIND OVER MATTER.
Gilfoyle — Kilduff's elopement wasn't suc
cessful, was it?
Poindexter— Oh, I don't know. The old
man caught them before they reached the
minister's. — The Smart Set,
"Mother, may I go out to swim?"
"Yes, my darling daughter;
But keep away from the snap-shot fiend
Who lurks beside the water!"
—New York "World.
A HAPPY OUTCOME.
DANGER.
He — Would you object seriously to my
kissing you?
She— Well, you see, I must resist on
general principles, but then — I'm not very
strong. — The Smart Set.
ENCOURAGEMENT.
"What shall I "sing. Clarence?"
"Sing that lovely old-time song, 'La
rena.' "
"Oh. I see; you're fixing to get a good
long nap." — Chicago Record. .
"Wake up!" shouted the man's wife,
"and stop snoring." "I'm not snoring," he
chouted. "You are," she insisted; "I hear
you." "Well, don't believe all you hear."
he grunted.— Philadelphia' North Ameri
can.
A USEFUL SONG.
NOT PARTIAL TO GOSSIP.
"When you i ejected me last evening."
asked young Spoonamore, "had you
hoard. M:fs Quickstep, that my rich uncle
Lad cut me off without a shilling?"
"No," she said, with tears of tender
compassion in her eyes, "I had not. Be
lieve me, my friend. I am so "
"Well, he hasn't— and I've got another
£irl."
And in the pale moonlight he was seen
to leer horribly.
GLOATING IN THE GLOAMING.
-Wigwag (showing BJones through his
new house) — What do you think of that
frieze? *
Bjones— Fine! Looks as though it might
have been done by an ice man.—Philadel
phia. Record.
TRUE ART.
Miss Highflyer— No, thanks; I'll : go
straight at it and take the water Jump.—
The Smart Set. /
Mr. Hardryder — Some npollinari.-s with
your tipple. Miss Highflyer? _ •" :'.,'
"Why, Harry, you forget; we have nice
little paths in every: room, and , we don't
have to climb on the bed to get things out
of the bureau ¦ as we did in that other
flat." —Chicago Record.
AT TILE HUNT DINNER. |
" "It is awfully crowded here."
COMMODIOUS APARTMENTS.
. Fair Client— I want to get so heavy a
judgment against him that he'll- be glad
to marry, me — the scoundrel!
Attorney— You can sue him for breach
of. promise, madam; but it seems to be
preposterous to claim £10 damages.
WANTS HIM AT ANY PRICE.
;Mlss Sharpe— Nonsense! . What's the
matter with- "hobo," "Weary "Willie,"
"Dusty Roads,", and so on?— Philadelphia
Press. • . • ¦ : •
THE LEISURE' CLASS.
Lord Sayvan De Llvrus — Ah! but your
leisure clawss in this country have no
titles.
"Well, I suppose tne first step is to quit
killing people by hand and learn to us:
machinery." — Washington Star. .
"What we want to do," said one of the
benighted nation's wise old men, "is to
get civilized." %
"I know," answered the chief; "but how
shall we go about it?"
THE FIRST STEP.
Rastus — "Wha* kin* ob a dorg yo' call dat, Eph?"
Eph— "Dafs a terbacker dorg."
Rastus — "What yo' mean?"
Eph— "He's a spit*."
REMOVED IN BITS.
"How did you get rid of those unsightly
bowlders?" inquired the man on top of
the coach.
"Easy ' stranger ,*' responded
Amber Pete. . "We Just, told :peopleja big
Injun fight —occurred .on them rocks, an'
in less than a year, these tenderfoot tour
ists hud chopped them all away, for souve
nirs."—Chicago News. .
IN EUROPE.
"'; "Maybe the Boers . la givin'; Onld < Eng
land a dale o* trouble," said Cassidy; "but
Oi notice there's an . Irish family thot's
fcapin',. her. gifessin', too."
."Phwat'fl.that?" asked Finnigan. j
"Tho Powers."— Philadelphia Press
TO BE CONSIDERED.
"Goin* to New York, Silas? ¦ You ought
to run over to Paris."
"I might if I understood French."
"Well, not understandln' it, - Silas, you
might be harder to Jtmnko,"— Puck.
Magistrate-^-What are these prisoners
charged with? Policeman— I arrested; them
for fighting, your Honor. They are a
couple of golf players and— Magistrate-
Send for the court interpreter. .
hid > behind;them.
First l'assenger. (behind his paper)—"Newspapers "are greatthjngs, aren't they?**
Second'Passenger (ditto) —"You bet. "If it wasn't'for them" we men would have
to eland up most all the way home.".. ... ' . . ........ _.._
£ight~&)ord Poems.
Noble earl
Lost bets;
American girl
Title gets.
Little Poem
Leeks fire;
Sent back-
Kitchen fire.
Stone broke.
Meager, fare;
Patent soap, ' ¦
Millionaire,
Forest glen.
Lion's Sen. •--*
Savage tones.
Rags, bones:
Lady bold;:
Hair gold; '
Rafn-ralack!
Hair black!
Angler flrmV
Uttle worm;
Billy flshV
Dainty dish.
Hunter, bear."'-.
Struggling pair.
Man inferior;
Gone Interior.
Girl, Wcycle;
Road, icicle.
Slip, whirl;
Bicycle?— girl?
Sweet Maria;
Lone house;
"Murder! Fire!"
Poor mouse.
—fit. Louis Post Dispatch.
idorse and Mere of St.
One man In SmaldesI— an English store
keeper, who had been straddling war
Issues for months in striving -to save his
• tuck la trade— almost cried for Joy when
the- British troops arrived, and instantly
crged the correspondents to retire to the
secrecy of his chamber, where he opened
fizzing bottles to celebrate the occasion.
An hour afterward he was very unhappy.
Tommy, when he Is tired and hungry and
Jn the "bloomln* enemy's country." has
not a very delicate conscience regarding
property rights vested in wandering
Poultry and sheep, and he to-that Is.
some of the soldiers are— Inclined to seek"
for a few odd sovereigns that may have
been carelessly tucked away In old stock-
Ings. The Englishman.- -a loyal British
subject, stood Inviting us cordially to
dine with him. whon In rushed a black
boy exclaiming, "Master! dar Wllin' de
ducks!" Ye?, the ducks were all gone
and down the street rode a procession. of-
Innocent men, with nice fat fellows
strung in pairs, flopping from tbeir safldle
rings. It is strange how a flock of fowls
eorlably clucking and Quacking about a
yard, will dwindle away In one short half
hour, as they review a passing army. The
Englishman's next shock was when the
commanding officer commandeered all hl»
forage and put a sentry over it; that was
not so bad; for he was to be paid by gov
ernment _ voucher. He later rushed in
shouting: "By ! Do you know they
have killed two hundred of my. sheep!
What shall I do?" "See the provost mar-
Bhal. of course." we explained, "and get
vouchers for them." but before he could
act on this sound advice, again he started
and started down the street, and shot
away to .haul an inquisitive Tommy by the
legs out of a window of his house.—Wil
liam Dlnwiddie. in Harper's Weekly
SHE HAD TO GET WELL.
Mrs. Nurvus— Do you think I'm going to
die?
Dr. Young— Dear me! I hope not. I have
n't lost a patient yet. and to save my life
I don't believe I could moke out a certifi
cate.—Judge.
A health journal says yon ought to take
three-quarters of an hour for dinner. It
is well also to add a few vegetables and a
piece of meat.
A SAFETY CLAUSE.
"No, you don't; If we both get sick
who's to go for the doctor?"— Indianapolis
Journal.
He— I think I'll eat a third slice of
watermelon.
She— So will I. . •
CAUSE FOR CONCERN.
_ She — Papa is worried about our future.
,,He — What does he say?
VThat he fears I won't "be able to sup
port you as you are living at present."—
New York World.
THE SUNDAY CALL.^
"Coom down to the corner, Paddy, an' see the Dootch parade."
"We kin see ut betthcr. here."
"Yis; but there's a foine new poile uv paving atones down there."
7tTHE SUNDAY CALL.
8"Mon Dieu! so tight zey hold together
zat next day we pull zem, volla, puU_hartl,
to .ret zem unhooked. What for ther«
"Sacre nom! how zey fight. Un mo
ment. I see ze big knife flash so. Z» next
tey grab. Zen over one the other zey roll
down to ze creek below.
"Three days, six days. I wait and 1
think maybe Lagunltas get enough hu
man blood. Eight days I wait, nine days,
ten days I wait. Zat night I no can sleep,
when sudden I hear ze terreble cry. I no
take my hat, my gun, nothing but one big
overcoat. One leetle piece of moonlight
fall into canyon. Ssh! then, mon Dieu:
they yell like the two devils.
/
•jhop zat far— one man must die! \7e chop
to my mark. I count my beads many
times. I say much prayers for the poor
man who sure going to die, Sacre bleu!
nobody get kill.
"It happen zis way. So many feet I
Dace and mark, then I know when ,we
from the "Kins's" shanty. "It ees tres
droll," he said, "so many men get the
knife here. Nobody know, nobody care.
Man get a leetle drink in him, get one big
mad. and kill other, man/ Mon Dieu! one
time two men get kill.
Kingr trilllam he still Is to' the" wbodchbp^
pers.- >•;•„ v ' '; x "•¦¦¦¦¦ •>"¦;,,>¦ y '.. - ; •' '¦¦
-I Certain It; was.: this title did not keep'
¦him ? clear of • the : knife * thrust unawares.".
King. William' says} it; is - a '.little • silver
cross i that;' ' Bailor-like,* hangs * round ;i his
neck.' -- • " ';-".;..,'.'*'¦¦¦,';':-';'.
-~"I prove." he says. "It ees_ze cross. v On*.
; wbodchepper he come to | zis place to kill
me,^I have the one other man here, and
¦ he kriowTnot zat. So * he kill him. I. no
'. know nothing till I find him In the morn
r.ing.'v What'l do?;' Mon'Dleur.I'bury-him
.under ils tree^andTwaik ;toj San Rafael to
.". bavo'ze.masa, sald'for hl3 soul." _S
.^.vy"ZIs •.tree'.'»ia- a 'redwood fnot ten feet
:¦--¦>-. '.-¦"-¦' : . • -'¦ . . ¦¦ ' •
days. TJils king ; of . the canyon was
christened plain William Tique.^but from
San , Geronimo to Camp Taylor^ he -is
dubbed r King William of . Lagunltas." - ; It
may have been his unconscious 'air. of su
periority, mayhap It .was a^ French! finish
to his ' Bpeech that earned T him' the titled
but Kins William ho has always been and
The brewers of London fifty years aga
used the heaviest horses procurable,
weighing flo less than a ton. The old
Bowery Brewing Company had three
horses that weighed 2C0O pounds each and
a double team which weighed 2100 pounds
each. A large dapple bay dray horse at
Charing Cross tipped the beam at 213X
po#ds. In Edinburgh. Scotland, there ,
was In the year IStO a dapple gray named
Jumbo which weighed 2&W pounds, and
one in Beverly, Yorkshire, used as a
switch, engine, weighed 2600 pounds*
do? * Demand Interest for overdue pay
ment. One man for pay, one for Interest.
Mon Dieu! ees it not so In beesness? Cer
talnement." '
between tales of bloodshed King VH1+
11am let slip a little of his own story.
Born where the sound of the waves lures
lads to the mast, he followed the sea.
Strange lands were visited and adventures
piled thick and fast. Of course there was
a "glrl.waltlng for him— a little French girl
with the starched Erlttany cap on her
head and the salt glow of Brittany red
dening her cheeks. One day William
sailed home to make her his wife and
found her wed to another. So he knocked
about on land and sea and at last shipped
as a baker on a French man-of-war.
When his ship put Into San Francisco in
'49 William deserted, took hi3 dose of tha
gold diggings and finally drifted to Lagu-'
nitas. there to become king to the most
lawless bands of woodchoppers th!3 side
of the Hartz Mountains.
King William says he is 74. but 4 he Is
still as tough as an osH Knot and chops
enough wood to satisfy his meager want3.
As long as he lives he will be king of tha
canj*on over which murder spreads Its
wings and broods.
How many men have been hurried Into
eternity in Lagunitas canyon not even
King William knows. "Mon Dieu! I havo
lost ze count of them," he says.
Will Lagunitas one day demand tha
king of the canyon to slake her thirst?
Kinp William shrugs his shoulders and
fingers his cross— "the little silver crucifix
that keeps a man from harm."
were two? I tell you. Lagunitas not Uk8
• It not to set a life on payday. . What sli«
ITT Is more than passing strange that
II Lag-unltas, once queen of our nelgh
11 boring canyons, should have been the
scene of eo many murders. Stranger
et£U that very few of the dark deeds have
been noised abroad. But strangest of
alL that every once In so often a wood
chopper' ¦ life pays the penalty of the
fa.Ti«»n timber. It Is as though it were
measured, by rule and line — the life of a
human being for the lives of a certain
number of. trees.
There Is *n« man •who has the secrets
of th© canyon under lock and, key In hla
breast. That man Is William Tique,
called by the woodchoppers "King Wil
liam of Lagunltas."
"Volla," cays King William, "Lagunltaa
has her pay day, too. Mon Dieu. she
have z© one big thirst for bloodl - I hear
her, I hear her call and- 1 know sure some
one going to die. For why she de
mand life? Sacre bleu! All ze- time zey
chop, chop, chop away her beauty and she
no like zaL
"It is ze spirit of ze canyon zat make
her e«t revenge. Mon Dieu, what I say,
ro eoon zey begin chop Lagunltas?
I cay— nom de Dieu, some one get
kill all 70 time. Eh blen. I watch—
watch very closely. By and by three men
already dead. Zen I know how much
trees ehe give for one life. ; Some time
leetle more, some time leetl© less, but
most time I make za right guess when
man must die."
King William computes his death rate
by distance, not time. He does not
reckon by the months, but by the miles.
Almost Invariably his computations are
correct. Some one is found either dead
or missing, as he predicts. And in
Lagunltas the missing and the dead are
akin. Life Is valued less than a plug of
tobacco. * '\-* y '~ ¦i-"w-"
The last time that King William heard
the voice of the canyon crying for blood
French Pete answered ¦ the summons.
"Some one die pretty soon," King Wil
liam raid, and not many days afterward
a woodchoppcr called French Pete was
found murdered. The supposed assassin,
a fellow woodchopper, was caught and
tried, but hl3 guilt was not pro\*cn.
According to Mr. Stedman, who for
over thirty years has been official for
ester of that section of Marin County,
King William Is the most honest, law
abiding woodchopper that ever swung an
ax In Lagunitas. Mr. Stedman says
that King William never has a finger In
the upJy Oceds. though he always knows
¦what is going on. He is of the wood
choppers, yet a creature apart. They fear
and respect King William.
Mr. Stedman declares that murders un
told have been committed In Lagunltas
of which the world knew not The kill
ing of French Pete crept out because
Miss Stedinan. Indignant and excited over
the affair, spread the report In Ban
Rafael. Then for the first time the long
era ct Justice groped Its way throuch the
of romance. The world, with the fever
of gold In Its veins, passed by William
Tlque and his canyon. . Then the day
came when it found them out.
¦ "Magniflque," simple William had said,
and pitched camp in the canyon.
"Ah!" fcaid shrewd Capital when its eya
fell on Lagunitas. Capital stroked Its
chin, did a little figuring and the doom
of Lagunltaa was sealed— for so much per
cord.
The woodchoppers came. For many
years they were few In number and
worked intermittently. Slowly and surely
the forest was shorn of, its stately 'trees.
Even In the early days they were an un
usually surly, troublesome lot, those
woodchoppers. They gave their employ
ers so much trouble, they were so quick
to shed blood, so slippery to catch, that
periodically the whole gang would be dis
missed and a fresh start made. But the
germ of -strife was in ¦ th^ air and each
new squad' only turned • another blood
stained page in the story of the unwrit
ten, unpunished murders.
King William's ax swung with the first
woodchoppers who felled' in : the canyon.
iHe . earned hJs royal . title In those early
shadows of. Lagunitas, but the culprit
slipped through Its fingers.
"We notice a man is missing," says Mr.
Stedman, "but we can find no proof of
murder, so the crime goes unpunished.
Xot long ago I found a body In the brush,
hacked beyond recognition. We burled
the body and that was the last of It.
KingT William Is straight, but must of the
rest are a bad lot." *
King William's hut Is In a tiny canyon
that timidly clasps' hands with its big.
sister canyon, Lagunitas. "I cannot look
Lagunitas in ze face," he says naively,
"since zey spoil her. So I come here
after work and live by myself. Long
time ago old Mr. Malllard, the boss of all
zis land, he come and say, 'King William,
you keep zis place so long you "live, and
his son, Joe Maillard, say ze same."
For almost forty years King William
has wielded his twin scepters, the saw
and ax. over Lagunltas. The' hireling of
others, his strong blows have - helped
bring the canyon from Its high estate.
To-day It lies with its bosom bared by the
woodchoppers' ax, . scarred ¦. by a track,
curling around It like a serpent, over
which the timber Is shipped. The waters
drip listlessly in myriad teardrops . and
meander through the canyon. ;' *.•¦'¦
In the elder days, giant" trees locked
branches above Lagunltas and the creek
tumbled briskly over bowlders or tripped
lightly over pebbles. Slender ferns
swayed gracefully forward to catch their
reflections in the* clear pools. But that
was before the need or greed of man
made havoc of the works of nature.
William Tlque saw Lagunltas in the
pride of its strength and beauty. Its wild
loveliness fascinated him and ' he made
pause In a life that had been already
spiced with much adventure and a tinge
Fporp the S a]B k Wood
where the tjvts
of /Hen fefe ¦flv^ay with,
the ufves -.©f the "i
Th^t llfil
WeiwI Tales OF
The Raft* /HountaTris.
KING WILLIAM
AND THE
MYSTERIES
OF LAGUNITA
CANYONIt is said that the muskrat Is the most
cleanly of animals; that when not in the
water he delights in rolling In clean,
white saml; in short, that he. too. is one
of nature's epicures. As to his odor, the
Baltimore American says special care
must be taken in skinning, cleansing and
preparing him for the table. If that feat
bo successfully accomplished the little
animal is ready for the attention cf the
cook, and then for the appetites of those
who have the courasre to eat It. ,
"Muskrat a la terrapin" la a feature of
Us menu and It is stated that so popular
has this amphibious "varmint" becoma
that the price of muskrats has greatly in
creased on the eastern shore of Mary
land.
The rapid exhaustion of the supply of
terrapin on Maryland's "east shore" ha3
set the lovers of good living to devising
a substitute for the succulent dish. One
of the most fashionable clubs of Balti
more, with a membership of 700 prominent
citizens, and famous for the excellence of
the meal served to those who dine at its
rooms, has recently Introduced the "long
felt want" and. with a gratifying measure
of success.
vlnd take cur masts avay, und make them
break like broomsticks. The vind must
be in the upper sails only, und vas not
feldt on de^ck at all. There yas no sign
In vind und vcather not before nor after
vards. It vas a coorious thing, und no
boddy vill find out just how It happened."
Striking a match on the sole of his boot.
the captain lighted his pipe, and drew a
puff. Then he made an exception to his
last remark.
"Except," said he, "It vas God A*-
"Vich vay it happen," said he, "no von
will efer know, und id is hard to tell, but
my opinion Is that » very strong vhiri-
The captain ended his narrative with a
big sigh. -Then he filled his pipe thought
fully, looking out toward the crippled old
Pfluger quietly anohored in the smooth
waters of the bay, and speculated as to
the cause of her terrible experinece.
broken sail. The sea vas behafe very
badly. She haf keep the deck under the
vater all the time, und now she quviat
down a bit, und leaf us alone, so ve see
about sailing back. It \as . pretty, slow
vork. Ve could not come for San Fran
cisco, it vas too far, und ve vould gif out.
Ve get a start und then the sea behafe
bad again, und ve gif her a" dose of oil
to keep her quviet. It vas strange, but
the good strong ship vas perfectly sound,
und haf no leak after all dat. I belief ed
at furst that her rudder vas hurt vhen
I see von off the yards knock against It
und heave the helmsman clear ofer the
vhecl. Id vas a thousand thanka to* God
that no von lose his live that, day^ In
the accident. Veil, ve steer for the
nearest place ve could reach, und.it vas
Santa Barbara. On the fourteen July, ve
Fee Point Conception. On July 16 at von
o'clock a. m. ve see the steam schooner
Greenvood, vich bring us into Santa Bar
bara. Ve telegraph to San Francisco for
a tug, und on July nineteen the Relief
come und bring us without having any
mere trouble Into San Francisco. So here
ve are, und here ve will stay for three or
four raont to get in good repair, und ven
ve get fix up again vonce more, ve don't
like to meet a typhoon."
A Storm That Lasted but
Four , n Sonatas, Yet Near=
ly Cost tlhe Sailors Ttieir
Slhjp amid Their
lLfRV©^3
Captain Ho ever of tlhe Ger
man Bark Pfitager Qives.
of the PeciaHar
the breeze vas not Increase, just a blow
ing steady und calm. Ve'stand there und
vonder, and the vind not blow the hats,
not make it uncomfortable— nodding.
But up aloft it was a h— 1 of a vind und it
tvist und pull and yank at the sails. und
the mast till It vas all blow to pieces and
shake the hull like a. little plaything.
The tvist began at the gallant mast and
sweep down mit the length und make a
und the royal yard broke in two und vas
hangln' up aloft.
"It vas tha dooca to pay, and v© thought
id was up mid the old Pfluger. All this
damage took place no longer as a man
can think about It. Id. was not more
than two' seconds before It vas all a
going on after it vas been quviet us a
lamb, und in ; four minutes. It vas all
auvlet an a. lamb vonce more, und -'the
• " ' - ¦¦" ' ¦ ' - " x .
all ready, bud two oft them vas smashed
in, und vere. lying in pieces on the
afterdeck. The two vons left vere stand
ing on"' the fo'castle, und it vas hard
vork to-svlng them oud by the broken
ropes ,vere we could get: into them at
efery moment. Veil, ve vork, und ve vork.
It: Vas nine hours of Inhuman vork, und
then ve vere out off danger, und free
from the masts und spars, mit ; der
A CURIOUS SHIPWRECK IN A DEAD CALM
off the coast of California, some 143 miles
south of the port of San Francisco."
"Veil," said he, "ve ; vas going along
fine, at ten knots an hour. It vas about
5 o'clock in the morning and the second
mate haf the vatch. The sky vas light
und only leetle fleece clouds, vat you
could brush avay mit a feader. There
vas not a vind. not a breath, nodding
tut a steady fresh biecze that send us
along all smooth and not soospect of the
danger. Ve vas steering south by west
half west and the yards vas braced up" a
bit. All at vonce. vile Mulloitner.\ the
second mate, on vatch, vas standing at
•the quarter deck, there vas a awful noise
and a crash louder as a . cannon shot.
Mulleltner he look up und see. the main T
mast vas come towards him dropping,
und ven ve rushed on board It vas to
see the whole vorks up aloft all tvlsting
und straining und flying away mlt itself,
making a noise like it vas thunder. On
the fleck there vas not any change^ und
loud noise vitch ve vonder at und get
ready to say our brayers. In the middle
or the noise like thunder there vas*" a
equveallng und out runs the ship's pig^
vat you see the picture off. He vas tear
up und down. the deck and pquveallng all
the time. He vas feared und think his
time vas coom. The masts vas falling
und splinters .vas flying to beat the band
und he run und squveal like he vas mad.
Ve vas all feel like squealing, too,, but
ve haf not the^ time.*. I Iglf the order 'for
to take out the liveboats and get ready
for the bark to go '. to the ground, for vc
think sure she vas go to. sink. .The main
mast vas fall in the vater. alongside and
vas bump into the beat all the time una
it' look like she make . a hole, in the" hull.
The mizzenmast he- coom:down', mlt- ; a
bang und a : crash und broke oft just'jn
two, leafing the* lower 'part^ stand, und
the mainmast, out ; *of ¦ iron, . broke 'in : two
places below the' deck Jt vas tvlsted so
hard. The two topsail yards came down
typhoon vas gone; -But vat a condition
it was left us; In! j Gott in ¦hlmmel! The
Pfluger look : like she' vas; been -In a fight
und get a solar blex'us' all ofer. Der main
mast vas bumping into the sides und ve
have von veak, vobbly sail left Lto^ coma
back to San Francisco. The, vorst danger
vas from the mast floating lojigside; und
efery man know -he must , work for our
lifes, and efery • man ho vbrk'llke'he vas
mad,', for to cut .the vires ;urid ropes vot
hold the mast und yards to the -bark."
Und it vas the devil's own york. ;. The' sea
vas run! very: high^ und, all; the Vards und
masts knocked " : against thetship's 1 sides so
that it vas hard tostay on:foot, und not
get knocked down ; ef ery time. , Our axea
vas blun t qu vi ck , u nd , ve ' ' all thl nk ; ve
would haf a hole knocked ;in (the ship's
eide by. the spars, und sink. If thisTvas
be so, ve vas In a close flx.;: All our pumps
vas ,< smashed to . ; pieces, und We never
vould be able to getUhe va.ter oud vhen
she starts leaking. .Wo haf the UveVda.* «
The captain lit his pipe and prepared to
•pin his yarn, the truth of which is at-
"Ve vas etart rnlt a fine, fresh breeze,"
eaya Captain Hoever. "and our hearts all
full mlt Joy because vc vas homeward
bound. Ve did not know that the voyage
would be so Ehort as It becomejRfter
ward/*
Two weeks ago the little tugboat Sea
King puffed out through the Golden Gate
steadily pulling and trailing a stout wire
cable behind: .it the other end of the cable
was the stout bark T. C. Pfluger, with a
cargo of thirty thousand baps of flour on
board bound for Queer.stowa. She was
not destined to get there/ ¦*,'•"
Captain Hoever was standing on the
dock and the subject of his remark was
the German bark Pfluger, which lay out
In Mission Bay with her two masts gone
and the remaining one very crooked and
wobbly. On her decks there was debris
and broken ropes stacked up, leaving only
a narrow path for the sixteen sailors who
had had the good fortune to come out
of a terriflc sea typhoon alive and for the
German sailors' pet pig, which had shared
their perils.
micut to po down und it vas good luck
that she vas hcme again to-day."
T^E &um)£Y CAtli
10
YES." *aid Captain Heever. taking
off his hat and scratching his head,
ii "phe vas pretty veil shoot to pieces,
but she vas lucky that she do not gro
to the gTound already. Ve vas look efery
tested by lhe dismantled bark out In th«
bay and the verdict of the German Con
sul that she came to her present state
"through the action of a violent typhoon
at sea on the 12th day of July, A. D. 1900.Wages in the Philippines.
OMPARISONB are being made • be-'
(( - tween the conditions of the civilian
employes / of : the GovernmentAt
• Manila : and that ", of i the ¦ men who
are i doing the same 'work for England
under'' her ' colonial ; civil _"• service • regula
tions. \ '. . :,¦'--¦ '_¦¦„."* .-' ./",-..¦
* In r Hongkong \ and \ Shanghai all ¦ desks
which pay j less than \ a' salary ' of $130,* Mex
ican,. per month ; ar©"i given', to- half-castes.
the. Government realizing that It Is'iim
possible'for a white man .with., the educa-,.
tion and Instincts of a gentleman to 'live
on less than; that amount.^ ; y .',.:
;No civil service man is allowed to accept'
at position ; that i pays j less. To prevent fit i
the : Government has provided .that. no one',
wlir.be' carried on their pay rolls, and,'; if *
the - head ; of •• a department - employs an
Englishman at anything ; short ' of i that .*
salary,'/ he ? must be responsible ; for- the
payment . of his , wages.
. Forthe'same class of labor the English
men in the tropics are paid much larger
salaries than they receive at home. Every
year brings an increase.' They, are allowed
six months'^ vacation .. out \ of < every.' three
years, v Their passages . to and from home
are furnished by'the British, Government,"
and , should ; they * faithfully } perform '. their
One of Philadelphia's hotels. 200 feet
high, has devoted its entire roof to a gar
den. A. rustic arcade has been built over
head, to be covered with trailing vines,
and at each column are tubs and boxes
of plants. The view extends for miles
beyond the city. JSBfiH r
duties until twenty. years are coniyieieu,
they are retired on a full pension.
- The. British have succeeded in estab
lishing successful colonies throughout th«s
* world, and it is said that the secret of it
is the splendid class of men who are edu-.
cated to fill, the 'better positions In the
colonial government.
The price of living is greater in Manila
than any other city of the Orient. With
the price of fresh meat ranging , from 30
cents to $150 "per pound and everything
else. necessary to life-irnd comfort at the
same figure proportionately, it is not dif
ficult to, know why civilian employes are
giving. up the-, work In disgust.
There are many well-educated Ameri
cans in Manila working for less than $75
"gold per. month, but It Is safe to say thiat
. these conditions " will exist but a shoi t
time.
The price of meat in Hongkong arl
vanced to 14 '. cents " (Mexican) v per pound
fa few weeks ago, and the foreign colony
went Into a state of hysteria.* A memorial
.was*; addressed to the Chambgr . of Com
merce protesting loudly against the'crim
inal duplicity of , the dealers in bringing
about the exorbitant' price. In Manila
meat may, advance from 80 cents: to SI 30
and : . no one kicks , but the landlady who.
in border: to get even, -raises the price of
board from $40 to $50 per. month and neg
lects to lower it when beef comes down
:.to',60 cents. '-. >•_ — --. — ¦ — - —
Clasp his hands tightly.
Now try to induco . him to
raise his body with just as
little' assistance on your part
as possible.
Number Seven.
. Raise the child with hands
under abdomen, as per illus
tration, and induce him to
hold his body straight if pos
sible for a short time.
Number Eight.
Raise the child with, hands
under the back, as per illus
tration. Induce him to
straighten his body for a
short time if possible.
% Number Nine. j
liaise the child with hands
under his side. First under
one side, then the other. For
strengthening muscles on side
of hips and waist.
Number Ten.
Baby Shotwsll, the child
athlete. From photograph.
•?" Kepublished by consent of
Professor Bernard MacFad
? den, Editor of Physical* Cul
£ tnrs. Copyright, 1900, by
+ Physical Culture.
¦?-
"*¦ Number One.
¦?-
+ Raise the child, in the air
-?- several times frois. this pcsi
¦?¦ tion. This will expand his
* chest and develop the muscles
+ around the chest.
+ Number Two.
4- A Raise the child, as per illus
•?• tration. Now bring his hands
"*" together, then far out to the
£ side again. *
+. Number Three.
•f- Instruct the child to clasp
*¦ his hands tightly over your
* arm, then raise him off the
4. floor several times. Good for
-+- the arms and chest.
+ Number Four.
*" Grasp his feet in such a
manner that he can catch hold
+0 of your two thumbs with his
+ hands, then raise and swing
¦?• him back and forth.
4- . Number Pive.
Grasp him by the wrist and
+ one leg, lift and lower him
>- several times. Then lift him
•?¦ by both hands and one leg —
"?" both legs and one hand.
."?¦ ' Number Six.-
Were It not for the hope of better times .
to come a large proportion of the boys
would have returned to "the States long
ago.
Unless something la done In the near
future a new corps of men must be broken
in to fill the vacancies that will occur
when the time limit for transportation to
discharged soldiers in the Philippines will
have expired. — Manila Freedom.
3y QWAW AterFadden.
The WelUKoown New York Athlete.
As soon as his little body has been
warmed by the exercises which accelerate
the circulation open the windows, for no
amount of fresh pure air will gjve him
cold while he Is exercising. Stop the mo-*
ment the child appears fatigued.
Aside from the physical culture "exer
cises mothers should not forget that the
less clothing worn by a child the faster
he will grow In size. In strength arid sym
metry. Of course he should be dresred
sufficiently for warmth, but no more,
j There is no occasion to fear colds If the
little one Is allowed to breathe fresh pure
air and is not overfed. Over-feeding and
breathing over and over again the poison
ous emanations from the lungs cause most
of the diseases that attack children at
this age, though being weighted down
with clothing, hampering every movement
and crushing . all the desire for exercise,
unquestionably assists in bringing about
various complaints. A healthy, well- ;
groomed, beautiful child always attracts
delighted comment, but the fact that the
beauty usually disappears long before
maturity Is rarely considered.
There should be no break In.the,evolu
tion of physical culture, .which Is the re
sult of the destructive effects of th« ab
normal condition connected / with-;educa
tion and environment - that produced " this
deterioration. •
71 TOW zvc haze a 'system of
J_ V Mv.r:Vc/ culture for babies.
w- Beriiarr MacFaddcn, ath-
Ictc, formerly of St. Louis, the ex
poncnt cf this system, declares that
the regular use of the physical pozv
crs possessed by a nezc-born babe is
necessary to the grcxvth and dcvcl
opmait cf his body, quite as much
t^ts the retainment and development
cf brilliant minds depend on mental
The desire for activity in a
healthy child is too strong to be
curbed. By Jcickiitg end stringing
his arms about he gradually ac
quires enough strength to crawl,
and after indulging in the delight
of this nczi'-fo'.'.nd accomplishment
he makes an attempt in the art of
balancing, and after repeated en
deavors finally acquires strength
and skill sufficient to enable him to
walk.
Unconsciously, from his birth,
every child practices physical cul
ture, and there arc fczv youngsters
jjjetiveen the ages of I and 10 years
izi'ho do not possess symmetrical lit
tle bodies. Children have nothing
else to do but play, and there is no
Better physical culture than active
frolic.
Where a child is not able to.find
joyful companions of its oivn age
ready and trilling to run, jump,
push and pull, Mr. MacFaddcn de
clares it is a parent's duty to be
come a child himself, and thus give
the little body the exercise so neces
sary to his development.
The exercises here illustrated arc
those used for the development of
a perfect baby physique, in the per
son of Baby Slwtzvcll of Brooklyn,
enc of Mr. MacFaddcn' s pupils.
LL of the exercises here described
<ff-\ 5n connection with my plan for
*¦ «* physical culture for babies must^be
considered In the light of play for
the child. This exorcise should be one
big romp from beginning to end.
For safety's sake, we take for granted
that your child Is weak. Begin slowly.
I>o not under any circumstances handle
the little body In a way which appears to
cause pain or discomfort. The less clothes
¦worn by the child in his romp lor physic
al culture treatment the better will be
the results, and for heaven's sake do not
Starve his little Junes.
Th« physical culture exercises must
never take on the form of form. They
must be fun from start to finish. . If the
elder party be a man he should take off
big coat, roll up his sleeves and go In
with energy; If a woman, ebe should re
move her corsets and wear . garments
•which permit of absolute freedom.
Don't' attempt to follow any regular or
der In giving the exercises, every part of
which must be eacriflced to the play ele
jnent. After you have developed enough
eVesgtb In the little one so that he en-
Cures a good deal of tumbling about,
teach him not to bo afraid of the fresh
elr.
\ THE SUNDAY CALL.
PHYSICAL CULTURE
JUST THE THING FOR THE BABY
-urlng the past year the exports of deer
skins from , British Columbia have been
20.000. much' larger than for several years
past, as owners had been holding them
for better prices. The deer skins were
of the average weight of 223 pounds per
IStUfflna. -— J
11BY an anomaly, very often skillful
d^pietment of disagreeable people
Is agreeable reading. This is the
case with Robert Grant's "Unleav
ened Bread." The leading character might
possibly have been worse morally, but she
could scarcely have bten more unpleas
ant, and yet Mr. Grant's skill in the
logical development of her character and
In portrayal of its details gives one a
pleajsure that is very real.
It is not altogether satisfactory to be
compelled to confess that Selma White
Is a type of woman represented not un
seldom in our lattor day civilisation. That
ehe !s a product of the movement which
ha? given us the new woman Is, perhaps.,
partly mm and partly false. Mr. Grant's
heroine finds In the intellectual freedom
now accorded to women a soil -well
adapted to developing her tendencies, but
the same tendencies would have guided
her If she had been a -woman ehnt up In
a harem with no scope for the eicerclses
of her talents beyond the excitation and
furtherance of domestic scandals.
Selma White, as she Is before her many
marriages, ip a woman of a limited amount
of ability, who possesses a supreme faith
in the possession of ability without limit
X»eft an orphan, she became a school
teacher when still young, finding -with the
family of her uncle, who was a farmer of
the West, a home, but not congenial com
pnr.ior.ship. Considered mqre clever than
those of her acquaintances, she longs fdr
a broader life where she mar display heV
talents to an appreciative audience, and
find a fie'.d for the exercise of the Influence
5he feels sure she can -wield, no matter
what her surroundings. If. only she can
pet into the preat world, and be given a
char.ee to impress her personality upon
it. Marriage alone appears to give her
The opportunity she craves, and when
ehe is wooed by a man wealthy,
according to her Ideas, she ' accepts
him and ,gT>es to Benham, a growing-
Western town, which has been the goal
of Selma's ambition and where her hus
band. Lev.is Babcock. Is In business. Bab
oock is a commonplace fellow of no cul
ture, but kind, generous and thoroughly
in love with his wife. Her husband's
adoration and the new duties which meet
Selma for awhile are enough to satisfy
her and fill out her life. Afterward she
feels the old ambitions rise and as a
begir.nlrg to a life of influence she Inter
ests herself In church work. A new church
is to be built and among the competing
architects is a young man from New
York. Wolhur LUtleton. who becomes the
successful candidate. .-Littleton is a man
of culture, amhftlous to excel in his pro
fe^Pion. but loving his v.-ork for its own
Fake. Between him and Selma there grows
vp a friendship.
CLittletoc believes that In Selma he has
discovered a person who can appreciate
all cf the best ideas he has cf his work
end in Littleton Selma finds the culture
and love of Brtistlr creations so lacking
.n her husband. Beima prows more and
more cut of sympathy vrith her husband.
She fails to appreciate h!s many good
qualities, ard feds only that with him
her life is narrowed to the commonplace.
At last gelma is enabled to obtain a legal,
separatl^n from Babcock and In little
more thAn a month she marries Littleton
At Orst life in Xew York seems to Selma
to offer opportunities of becoming a power
in lifting people to the elevated plane
¦where she thinks *he dwells above the
cemmor. multitude. Scon she finds that
among people distinguished for talent or
conspicuous for wealth, whose good opin
ion she wishes to gain, she Is considered
mcrcij- an ordinary- being. Determined to
shine before »hv world, she tries to per-;
eua.Je her husband to adopt a style of liv
ing beyond his means. She Is Impatient
at the advancement which Littleton
mak«s in his profession, though this is
really great. Ehe upbraids him for cling
ing to hip 5<Jra!s ar.d urges him to leave
the laborious road of real success and to
take a shorter one which will bring him
the sooner to wealth, even if by so doing
he is compelled to sacrifice the Integrity
of character which Littleton has hitherto
believed har. been his attraction for Sel
ma. When Littleton discovers that there
has never hern any sympathy between
his wife and himself; that his disinter
ested love for art is precious and worthy
Sn her eyes when successful but visionary
and worthless when without pecuniary re
ward, he *s o\-erwhelmed with dismay.
He has believed that Selma would prove
a guide and Inspiration to his best work,
end he finds her Instead a woman whose
ostensible mission In life is to be a lamp
unto the feet of the less enlightened, but
whose real desire is to be the*conspicuous
f.gure of her world, no matter whose hap
piness may be sacrificed for her. Exces
eive work and disappointment undermine
Littleton's health, and his death leaves
Eelma a widow. She returns to Benham
and there becomes the bride of a politi
cian. James Lyons, -who has just been
elected to Congress.
When the time for the nomination of
Governor in his State approaches Lyons
becomes eager for it. although some Im
portant business \-entures which he has
made turn out so badly that he fears
financial ruin will put an end to his poll*
tical ambition. By agreeing to protect*
the interests of certain corporations he
obtains from a wealthy man of influence
enough money to save him. as well as the
promise of probable nomination and elec
tion. Lyons is elected. During his term
of efflce the United States' Senator from
his State dies and Lyons seems to stand
a good chance of being appointed to the
vacant place. Unfortunately, circum-
Etances have arisen making it. probable
that If Lyons, by signing the bill as he
promised, declares himself on the side -of
the corporation, he will lose his. chance
of the Senatorship. He tells his trouble
to fielma and she, true to her principles,
decides that her husband , would commit
an actual wrong <n fulfilling a mere prom
ise at the cost of sacrificing for himself
and for her what she terms a larger ob
portunlty to do good. Lyons Is persuaded
to break his word and so becomes Sen-
Eator. \Ve take leave of Selma happy in
the consciousness that at last she has
reached a position where she can have
great opportunities to lead others away
from worn-out .conventions to a larger life
where the development of Individuality Is
unhampered by unproductive consider
ations for the welfare and • desires of
, others.
Mr. Grant has succeeded In describing
certain qualities of one life which are
characteristically American and which
prcve too elusive for so many of the
writers who endeavor to picture our man
ners and motives?. Selma White is so fine
es a. creation of art and yet so unpleasant
to associate with for even a few hours
that one could wish that Mr. Grant had
Men fit to depict with as fine a skill a
woman of whose prototype Americans
might be proud and not ashamed. (Pub
lished by Charles Scribncr'.s Sons, New
York. Price Jl 50.) .-'. '
"The Religion of Democracy."
According to the, Rev. Charles Fergu
con "The spirit of the age Is saying to Its
children: Have faith. Make yourself at
home. This is your own • house. The laws
are made for you, gravitatidn and the
chemical affinities: not you for them. No
cne can put you out of the house- Stand
up; the ceiling Is hlgrh."
In order that the children of the age
may stand up there is needed for them a
sew faith. To that faith Mr. Ferguson
rives the title, "The Religion of Democ
racy": and by way of preaching It has
jrublishod a volume bearing the title/ He
cays: "The thing that has been' most
steadily desired since the world began is
not money, nor long life, nor pleasant
pastlmes. but a guaranteed God— a God
with solid institutional backing, advertis-.
Ing himself in distinct terms and plainly
discriminating between deserving persons
and nations, and the undeserving. It Is
this longing for an unquestionably re
spectable and plain-spoken God that has
been the stronghold of all the monarchies,
aristocracies and tccleslocracies of the
world. The privileged classes have- kept
their privileges an<? have ruled the people.
not only or chiefly on account of their su
perior wisdom and strength,' but because
they have been supposed to be the special
backers and sbokesmen of God."
The author goes on to say the "re-
quaint the Reader with many things that
are not usually known to every Angler;
and I shall leave gleanings and" observa
tions enough to be made out of the expe
rience of all that love and practice this
recreation. . to which I shall encourage
them. For Angling may^be said to be like
the Mathematics— that it can never be
fully learned; at least not so fully but that
there will still be more new experiments
left for the trial of other men that suc
ceed us."
Nevertheless, Mr. McCarthy's . book
makes capital reading, for aside from the
really good advice he gives about' the
actual catching of the fish he presents ln-
Concernjog Cats.
* A pleasant booJc -for summer reading,
one, that Is well -written and charmingly
illustrated, is Helen M. Winslow's work,
"Concerning Cats'; My Own and Some
Others." The'* book contains many half
tone reproductions of prize-winning fe
lines the world over, some of -which, are
printed on thi3 page: The author is well
known; as the editor, of "The Club Wo
man." •_ /
The object of, the book is not to dis
cuss the low street yowlers and back
yard brawlers, but rather the very swell
est of full-blooded kitty cats. . There are
chapters which tell all aboutcertain his
toric, cats, and give some good anecdotes.
Then, the cats in England are discussed,
and cat clubs and shows in /general given
serious attention. There are talks on
cat artists, cats In poetry, the origin of
catology so 'thoroughly on the possibili
ties of the high-bred feline. (Published
by the Lothrop Publishing Company. Bos
ton. Price, $1 50.) :¦-¦-.--: -.-^ 1
• The Black Terror. .
The latest novel of contemporary Rus
sia is "The Black f Terror." by John K.
Leys. The author gives us a wildly Im
probable tale, but so plausibly written
that the reader can bear him no grudge
for his fanciful flights. The story con
cerns a young Englishman, an architect,
residing in Russia, who Is wonderfully
likethe' Czar, Alexander II; The archi
tect is engaged upon the work of restor.
ing the castle of a Russian nobleman
whose cruelty has marked him for a vic
tim by the* Nihilists. The nobleman [i»
spirited away, and the Englishman, in
love -with \he haughty daughter of the
Russian, takes up. the search for him.
The Nihilists are looking for bigger game
than" the Russian nobleman, and decida
that if he will allow his daughter- to wed
the Englishman, and further, if the Eng
lishman "wijl render them assistance, the
nobleman shall go free. Counting upon
the striking resemblance of the architect
very young man such a reception may
fairly be called remarkable. Critics have
classed this story as a pagan counterpart
to "Quo Vadis" : and have compared it
with Canon Farrar's famous book also.
In reality, however, it stands alone In Its
treatment of the human side of the last
days of the Roman republic The ¦Mac
mlllan Company has a fourth edition in
preparation.
The August Home Magazine, in discuss
ing the latest developments of the Chi
nese situation In an article entitled "The
.Yellow Danger." calls attention to the
fact that there was a great uprising- and
invasion of Europe by the Chinese In the
sixth century under Attila, "the Scourge
of God," who marched across Asia and
Europe to the very gates of Paris. This
was followed 700 years later. In the thir
teenth century, by another uprising of the
Chinese people under Ghenghls Khan, King
of the Mongols, who Jed a vast army in
the path of Attila and stopped on the
threshold of Germany. Another 700 years
has passed, and the writer, In view of the
present growing troubles in China, asks
Is it time for another uprising of the
EVENTS — Volume- Seven — Edited by
James GranVWHson. D. Appleton 4 O,
New York. NSheep binding. $3 00.
THE SECOND LADY DEX.COMBE— By
Mrs. Arthur Kennard. J. B. Llppincott
Company, New York. In paper 50 cents.
IN SOUTH AFRICA WITH BULLEB
—By Captain George Clarke Mnsgrava.
Little, Brown & Co., Boston. $2 00. , <
APPLETON'S CYCLOPAEDIA uM f
AMERICAN BIOGRAPHY AND A.nE
LYTICAL. INDEX OF HISTORICAL
THE JATHAWKERS-By Adela E.
Orpcn. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
J1.0O. ' S.-
WINNING OUT— By Orison Swett Mar
den. Lothrop Publishing Company, Bos
ton. $1.00.
WHEN JEREMIAH PROPHESIED-
By Alice Klngsbury Cooley. Street A
Smith. New Tork. In paper 10 cents.
"ROBERT BARR."
Books Received.
"I feel rather like the Ia3t of the Three
Musketeers, the other two gone down in
their duel with Death. I am wondering
if, within the next two years. I also will
get the challenge. If so. I shall go to
the competing ground the more cheerfully
that two such gootVTe'lows await the out
come on the other side. Ever your friend,
"Stephen died at three In the mornlnff.
the same sinister hour which carried
away our friend Frederic nineteen months
before. At midnight In Crane's fourteenth
century house In Sussex we two tried to
lure back the ghost of Frederic into that
house of ghosts and to our company,
thinking that If reappearing -were ever
possible so strenuous a man as Harold
would somehow shoulder his way past the
guards, but he mad« no sign. I -wonder
if the less Insistent Stephen will suggest
some Ingenious method by which the two\
can pass the barrier. I can imagine Har
old cursing on the other side and welcom
ing tho more subtle assistance of his fine
ly fibercd friend. 1EP
"From the window beside which I writa
this -I can see down In the valley Ravens
brook House, where Crane used to liva
and where Harold Frederic, ho and I
spent many a merry night together. When
the Romans occupied Britain some of
their legions, parched with thirst, wers
wandering about these dry hills with the
choice of finding: water or perishing.
They watched the ravens and so. came
to tho stream which rises under my plac«
nnd flows past Stephen's former home;
hence the name. Ravensbrook.
¦ "It seems a strange coincidence that ta*
greatest modern writer on war should set
himself down where the greatest ancient
warrior. Caesar, probably stopped to
quench his thirst.
•Tve got the unfinished manuscript ot
his last novel here beside me — a rollick
ing Irish tale, different from anything ho
ever wrote before. Stephen thought I
was the only person who could finish it.
and he was too ill for me to refuse. I
don't know what to do about the matteM
for I never could work up another raanV
Ideas. Even your vivid imagination could
hardly conjure anything more ghastly
than the dying man. lying by an open
window overlooking the English Channel,
relating in a sepulchral whisper the comlo
situations of his humorous hero so that
I might take up the thread of his story.
"To-morrow, Saturday. th« 9th. I go
again to Dover to meet his body. He will
rest for a little while in England, a coun
try that was always good: to him, then
to America, and hl3 Journey will be ended.
"When your letter came I had Just re
turned from Dover, -where I stayed four
days to see Crane off for the Black For
est. There was a thin thread of hope that
he might recover, but to me he looked
like a man already dead. "When he spoke,
or rather whispered, there was all tho
accustomed humor in his sayings. I srJR
to him that I would go over to txk
Echwartzwald in a few weeks, when ha
was getting better, and that we would
take some convalescent rambles together
As his wife was listening he said, faint
ly, 'I'll look forward to. that,' but he
emlled at me- and winked slowly, as much
n.-* to say, 'You d d humbug, you
know I'll take no more rambles In this
world.' Then, as if the train of thought
suggested what was looked on before as
the crisis of his Illness, he murmured.
•Robert, when you come to the hedge —
that we must all go over — it isn't bad.
You feel sleepy— and— you don't care.
Just a little dreamy curiosity — which
world you're really in— that's all.'
• "My Dear • • •— I was delighted to hear
from you. and was much interested to
*ee the article on Stephen Crane you sent
me. .It seems to me the haxah judgment
of an unappreclatlve. commonplace per
pon on a man of genius. Stephen had
many qualities which lent themselves to
misapprehension, but et the core he was
the finest of men. generous to a fault,
with something of the oUitlme reckless
ness -which, used ,to gather In the ancient
literary taverns of London.' I always fa'r^
cied that Edgar Allan Poe revisited thfl
earth as Stephen Crane, trying agali^
pucceedlng again, failing again and dying
ten years sooner than he did on the other
cccasion of his stay on earth.
"Hillhead. "Woadlngham, Surrey.
;VK.r "June 8. 1300.
An 'exceedingly Interesting letter from
Robert Barr «as published recently In
the New Tork Herald, but was gtven such,
an Inconspicuous position that it has
probably escaped the notice of many of
the readers of the Pocket Magazine. Ther»
is bo much- in it that is characteristic '
of its writer" and of the late Stephen
Crane that we print it her© in full:
instruction. Charles G. Davis pleads for
"A Centerboard Cup Defender for 1901."
Also "The Phantom Loon of Louis Lake,"
one of the delightful canoeing and fish
ing experiences ocf the late Franlc H. Rls
teen.
"Outgoing "Ways" is a daintily illustrated
idyll of a nature lover. **Bi cycling
Through Shakespeare's Land," profusely
illustrated. Is a glimpse of the English
west country. "Th© Sportsman's Photo
graphic Equipment." in which Mr. "W. E.
Carlln gives practical advice, "based on his
experience with bird and beast The arti
cle of Horace Hutchlnson discusses "Tfa*
Oolf of the New School" and gives 11^
lustrations of famous English players. Hv
Chatfleld Taylor gossips pleasantly on
•'The Development of Golf in the West."
Colonel C. L. Norton Justifies the title of
"The Practical House Boat." Frederic
J. Wells tells how "Surf Bathing" can
be made safe and enjoyable. Dufneld Os
borne gives "A Common-sense Swimming
Lesson"; J. Paxmly Paret, "The Progress
of Lawn Tennis" by instantaaeotis pho
tographs. "W. J. Henderson has an ar
ticle on "Navigation for Yachtsmen": J.
B Berryman on "Tachtlns on the Great
Lakes." A. J. Kenealy in "Beatinar to
Wlndwarfl" gives valuable and practical
Besides these adventnres of the- adven
turous there are plenty of suitable sport-
Ing and seasonable topics. "The Island of
Delight" reveals the possibilities of camp-
Ing at the very gates of the city, and
ance the American soldier In the moun
tains relies for the transportation of his
stores. Jack .London, whose "Son of th«
"Wolf" has attracted such wide attention.
has a sketch of the Nome of '97, entitled
"Jan, the Unrepentant."
The leading article in Outlnjr for At*,
gust is by Henry Savage Landor, the au
thor of "Ip the Forbidden Land." whosxj
travels in *Tibet have created worldwMa
interest. In Outing he relates and Illus
trates one of the pleasant sides of Tibetaa
life, their "Racing for the Kata,"
William Dinwiddle, the famous Philip
pine war correspondent, tells of the won
drous physical capacity of "The Igorrota
Runners of Lnzon," upon -whose endur-
trated stories by Georye Beardsley, O. X.
Turner. Frederic Van Rensselaer D*y ac%
Henry "Wallace Phillips; a commencement
poem by E. S. Martin and the eighth In
stallment of Ian Maclaren'B "Life of th»
Master." J. D. Whelpley also exposes the
recent attempt of Russia to enter fhto an
International wheat combination with this
country.
¦¦¦ ¦ -¦ ¦¦• .,
¦ ~':J:- '' ¦ THE SUNDAY - C ALJ^./
"Now for the Art of Catching Fish, that
Is to say, how to make a man" that Iwas
none to be an'engler by a book; he that
undertakes It fchall undertake a harder
task than Mr. Hales, a most valiant «and
excellent Fencer, who in a printed" book
called 'A Private School of Defence' un
dertook: to.teach that 'art or science^ and
was laughed at for his labor. Not but
that many useful things might be learned
by that book, but he was laughed at'be
cause that art was not to be taught by
words, but practice; and so must Angling.
"And note also that In this Discourse I
do not undertake to say all that Is known
or may be said of it, but I undertake to ac-
The author realizes that he -can hardly
guarantee to his readers successful results
in the field, and wisely quotes from Izaak
Walton's "Complete Angler," published In
16&3:"- , ' -.- - ' .
"Every healthy boy, every right-mlnded
man and every uncaged woman feels at
one time or another, and maybe at a',1
times, the Impulse to' go a-flshing. That
is what fishes are for — to call us away
from newspapers, and counting-rooms,
schoolbooks and parlors and 5 o'clock teas,
out In the open of existence,' where life is
real and banks are green, skies blue and
4he birds sing in the branches over the
water."
David Starr Jordan gives a proper senti
ment for the hoflk In the opening para
graph of a prefatory note. He says:
Thus the church of the new. faith is to
be the university, and Its mission will he
to seek truth, to discover and to each.l
Of it the writer says: "It summons the
youth and the faith of the nations <o the
infinite and arduous labor of the revolu
tion. It requires of Its children the "most
perfect purity and "self-denial. For ' no
one whose soul is knotted with'^lust or
fear; no prurient glory .seeker; "no trap
setter, to' catch distinction; no/one afraid
to die' in his working clothes, as a com
mon man, can ba .in artist, a man of
t-clence and. a' civilizer." ("The Rfillgicn
of Democracy," by Charles Ferguaan.
Elder &. Shepard, 1SS Post street, San
Francisco. 'Price, paper covers. 50 cents.)
V paroHar. pish. / ;
Eugene. McCarthy has written an ad
mirable book - on "Familiar Fish^ The'r
Habits andCapturc." Not that books en
fishing ever materially aid the ambiticiws
fisherman In filling his basket, but they
inspire a proper confidence, and if after
reading you are still obliged to buy your
fish frcm the proverbial small boy with
the willow polo and long string of trout
you at least feel that you went according
to written direction.", and the failure of
the finny denizens to materialize on your
hook was not your fault.
llglous trusts are o*»nKrupt" anfl a new
church must come forth to supply the
needs of men. "The Protestant Catholic
church, '.' ha pays, "shall be th<? spring and
energy of science end art and of all edu-;
cation. .The .university shall at last arise.'
Sown in the seed of Alculn and Abelard,'
the chivalry of (-der.ee and art shall come
to its floworl The disclosure of 'the free
and democratic constitution of the great
medieval universities of Oxford.* Paris and
Bologna comes as - a surprise to those
whore Ideas of a university, have been
tormed on the model- of Harvard and
Yale, arjd the like piinnhlgh schools and
knowledge shops of . Europe. But the
medlevil "schcols like. "the modern were
stifled in Aristotle and dctodon *2ead
things.^ The" university is in the future
awaiting the rise of a Democratic Cath
olicism."
Chlnesp people and is Christendom any
better prepared to exist. 1
The editors of Ainslee's Magazine de
vote the August number to the younger
writers pt American fiction. Those repre
sented fare Stephen Crane, Harry Still
well Edwards, Brand Whitlock, John'D.
Rarry and Eugene Wood. Stephen Crane's
"The Kicking Twelfth" is a battle story
and the vivid picture of the bloody field
which he has presented must convince the
reader anew that American literature has
cause for regret In the untimely end of
this author. Harry StiUwell Kdwards"
"The Stirring Up of Billy Williams" Is a
delightfully humorous story of the South.
Brand Whitlock, whom we have known
only for his strong political storifs. In
"The Old House Across tho Way" offers
.a most moving and tender tale. John D.
Barry's "At the Shrine of the Idol" is a
finished product of literary art. The
reader's curiosity will bo piqued to know
just which celebrated English author la
the "idol" In this very interesting story.
Eugene Wood is as strong and naturat
as ever in a mining center story called
"That About Lnura Hornbaker." Alto
gether Alnsleo's for August contains some
captivating fiction, while the special
articles in it are of the^usual distinction.
Among the latter are: "A Talk With
President Krugcr," by Allen Sangree:
"Missionary Work in China." by John
Fryer, professor of Oriental Language
and Literature in the University of Cali
fornia: "Mark Twain on the Lecture Plat
form." by Will M. Clemens: and "Gillette.
Actor and Playwright." by Richard Duffy.
Besides there are two very humorous con
tributions,. '.'The Plague of Flies." and
"The Defense of Plagiarism." A lyric by
miss Carman and a Jolly ballad by ,Hol
man F. Day arc the most notable verse
contributions to the magazine.
The Midsummer Fiction number of Mc-
Clure's Magazine, with a cover by Louis'
Loch, suggesting by its rich, warm color
ing the lassitude of the season, and with
a strong list of .well-known adepts In the
art of story telling, produces at once a
pleasing impression. To this number
Frank H. Spearman contributes the first
of a new series of railway stories, telling
of the exciting race of a train of Yellow
stone Park excursionists with a runaway
"freight." Jack London, the young Call
fornian. has In this ifssrue a talo of the
perilous journey of a Klondike miner and
his Indian wife to obtain relief for a
starving camp. This story is Imaginative
in the highest degree, and possesses strik
ing local color and extraordinary pathetic
force. Another strong story Is "A Bill
from Tiffany's." by Joslah Flynt. the
well-known explorer of tramp and crimi
nal life, and Francia Walton. The Ufa of
metropolitan policemen and -of profes
sional thieves Is graphically portrayed:
and there is a keen relish In the account
of the means by which Detective Charley
Allnlck secured funds for the purchase of
his wife's jewels. The relations of "guns"
(members of the thieving guild) with one
another are treated in a highly Illuminat
ing manner. Equal If not greater Interest
attaches to one or two stories founded-on
fact— to W.' D. Hulbert's etory of a Michi
gan porcupine, : with Illustrations by A.
Radclyffe Diigmore, whose studies of
mocking birds and other animals have
attracted much attention: and also to
Lieutenant Commander Glllmore's ac
"count, beginning In this number, of tho
"extraordinary • hardships ; of hla party In
the wilds of Luzon, where a brutal death
more than - once seemed ; imminent. The
illustrations to this article are by W. R.
Leigh, and are marvelously realistic. The
, number also contains attractively, illus-
tcrcsting datn connected with, the'.r life
and habits, and the whole work indicates
the hand of a true-sportsman—a lover of
the rod—and fair play for the fish, with
healthful recreation for. the fisherman,
Tho host proof of the author's success is
that you cannot read many chapters with-,
out feeling a dfgire to close up business
for a few tlays and take a try with the
rod yourself jwhile the days are long and
the fish game. (Published by D. Appleton
& Co., New York. Price $1 50.)
1 '
Scott's "Lady of the Lake."
* *,. ni,,n^i--'ii«*i n' v.^t* f~- „„, #,1 1
f£ S5SSSRS5S n ZZ SuV J t
ers and 'students Is a new edition of
Scotfs;"Lady of the Lake." edited with
introduction and notes by Elizabeth A.
Packard, head of English and history in
the. High School at Oakland, Cal. The
text of this edition'is that collated by
Dr. Rolfe. The chief value of the littlo
cats, cat language, and high-bred cat? In
America—in fact every phase of kitty's
life Is taken up. Some ;>eople do not-care
for cats; for those this book is not in-
tended, but for any one who has a soft
spot in his heart at all for this Intelll-
gent little animal the work will prove en-
tertalnlng. Evon if your cat happens to
be only a small degree removed from the
usual class of singers of the night there
wl11 be.some satisfaction in reading the
chapters . qn cat hospitals and refuges,
the general treatment of cats, and .the
appendix concerning th« diseases of cats—
f°r cats both highand low suffer from
the sam ° ailments. . •
¦
Cat clubs are becoming a fad here In
thfe West, as well as In the Eastern
States, so Helen Winslow's book should
have, many readers now in California.
Thcrfi Is certainly no other book at pres-
ent which -will post the diligent dclvor in
to the Czar, the Nihilists propose that he
shall assume the rale of the real' Czar
while the latter is being kidnaped. Such
a scheme as this affords the author great
possibilities .In the realm of exciting flc
tlon, and he evolves a highly Interesting
and dramatic story. (Published by L. C.
Page & Co., Boston.)
N
Literary nor.CS. .
a "Manual of Marine Meteorology," in
"Grlflin's Nautical Series," has recently
boon published by the J. P. Llppincott
Company. A rudimentary work for the
Use of apprentices and officers of mer
chant ships, it forms a convenient.Intro
, ., . , . „_ i«,.._««__»i«_ i_»-«v.«
f^YA^A^ Q ifs dove ooment
thcor> of the subject and Us development
a«>n? scitnunt i.ne». —
The third of "A Friend of Cae
par," by William Stearns Davis, was Is
suod on July 30. As a first novel by a
EXCITING LIFE SCENES OF STEPHEN CRANE. JOURNALIST.
GRANE was not an. eccentric Char
acter. Many people have said .that
he was. It was even told In print
in this city : that he was a drug
taker. Such stories were'absurd. He was
merely the combination of clean, fine ~
youth with genius. When one writes "fine
youth" of Stephen Crane the expression
is qualified. He was never physically
strong. His greatest eccentricity was his
habit of all night work. I never saw him
wholly at bodily ease. He was not n per
sistent worker, because his body— a body
which suffered from the constant '-.drain-'*
ings of an intensely active mind — was ever
too weak to bear continuous labor. His
brain never rested. ,, '
Yet .when emergencies, arose 90 also did'.
Crahe. He was a correspondent on. one
New York newspaper during the war with
Spain. I. was a correspondent on another
Xew York newspaper. On June 23 I was
told that a battle would occur the next -
day. I nsked Crane if he intended to go ;
to the front./ It was insufferably' hot, :
and we had all learned to distrust rumors.
He decided not to go.: I was amazed by
1..H apparent indolence. ,1 went to the ~
battle. and was badly hurt by. a bullet.
\Vh«n I regained consciousness, hours
after the light had ended, one of the first
faces I saw was that of Stephen Crane.
The day was hot. The. thermometer— hart
there been such an Instrument In that
God , forsaken and" man Invaded wllder
ness-r-would have shown a temperature of
something like 100 degrees. Yet Stephen
Crane— and, mind you, he was there: in
the interest of a rival newspaper— took
the dispatch which I -managed to write
five or six miles to the coast and cabled
it for me. He had to walk, for he could
get no: horse or mule. Then he rushed
about, in the heat and arranged with a
number of men to bring a stretcher up
from the coast and carry me back on it.
He was proVaWy as tired then as a man
coultl be and Still walk. But he trudged
back from the coast toVthe Held hospital
where I was lying artdisaw to It that 'I
was properly conveyed 'to the coaat.^^
One day In 1S90 a young man came to my
office with" a letter of Introduction. He
was thin — almost cadaverous. .He wanted
work and got it. His article-^-written for
a ridiculously low pnee— on tcnomfm
house .fire panics. -was one .of the be«t
things that he cr any other man ever d'd.
It was followed by other strikingly strong
stories. - - , ,
One day he said to mo, most modestly:
"I have written some verse." He handed
me a package* of manuscript. '> The- next
day I left. the package on an elevated rail
road train. I never told him about it. for
within twenty-four hours I had;recovere.l
it from the lost property office of the Man
hattan L. The manuscript was that of
"The Black Riders, which had a tre
mendous voetun In Kngland. -
¦ We were both .members of a club made
up of writers. The best part of Its fur
nishings was a great open fireplace. Four
or five of us sat before it one night and
Crane read us parts of a story full of
fighting. It was "The Red Badge of Cour
age." Afterward, when wo 'had really
seen fighting together, I marveled because
his stories of nctual battle weje less re
alistic thnn his descriptions of imaginary
conflicts in this book. It was that faculty
which would have made of Crane a great
novelists He had an accurate and logical
imagination.
An episode in his life ¦was unpleasant.
He went to a place known as the Broad
way Garden to write a descriptive article
for n certain newspaper.- -He was deiliite-
Iy assigned ta this work as a soldier might
be to guard duty. tA woman ' whom he
met there— he met her as a part of, his
work— was a few moments later grossly
Insulted by a policeman. Crane^ raised all
kinds of trouble for u e officer,- and In
turn was arrested find bothered' himself.
He took it like a man. He accepted the
exceedingly unpleasant notoriety with no
comment except that which he made in
court.' -, .. ¦ . ¦-.;¦¦ ¦ - ¦ ...
'.. In- losing Crane America lost one of her
most promising young writers. But his
friends lost more. They, lost a chap whom
they all knew to.be a real man as well as
a talented acquaintance.
HER MIND A WRECK. AMELIA RIVES LIVES A HERMIT
<577r> BEAUTIFUL wreck of her former
/l\ self. Amelie Rives, Princess Trou :
If, — \ betzkoi, is. now a _ voluntary prls-;
I oner at • the home of her! father,'
Colonel .Albert Rives, "Castle Hftl," : Al
bemarle County, Virginia.'jThe flnalchap-'
ter of a short but romantic life: Is being
written, and . or.y day may witness its
close. ... .-.' ' . ,' '¦¦¦ ,
¦ Many months have..' passed ."since" this ,
gifted woman turned to her father's home
from the gayetles of life in Paris and the;;
great cities of j her own ] country, with . her,
health ruined and her nervous. system' uni '"'
strung. 'Her coming wasan event in. Al
bemarle County/ and from, 1 far and near
the friends of the family i gathered to see
her. : But , she would receive no one. .
- She shut herself *in-- her own room. and ¦
refused . to s hold s conversation - even ¦ with >
the members of her, own family.;. To" this
day she has kept up her self-imposed soli
tude; and not until f night I has > fallen 'does '"
she venture^ .fOTthw'-Then; -draped/allvin'*"
white, _ she t .wanders .-.back**, and.
through the wide .halls .and*up and down
the winding staircase of the < old-fashioned,
mansion. * '
7
\* How her time is- spent, no one knows ex
cept the trusty old colored - woman . who
carries all -her meals and attends .to. her
wants. It 1 is known," however, .that she
writes at intervals, and this has given rise
to the report that she Is preparing another
book. -which may create a sensatlon-ln the
world -like, that produced by her -first vol
ume, "The Quick or the, Dead." - -P. ,'
Twice a ; month her. husband, the Prince
Troubetzkoi, . now. a resident of Washing
ton,": comes, down to see her and spends a
few days at* "Castle Hm.'*. Sometimes 'she
consents! to see him for a short time, and
sometimes she does not. ¦¦''•'¦¦• .,.",. ,
-The lifeofthe young : Princess;, now: evi
dently ; near , its 5 end , . is « more '¦ remarkable
than^many .which have been woven bythe
skilled pens of writers of fiction." She , was
born and raised among the - mountains of
the Blue Ridge and grew up with a' large
share of ¦ beauty, 1 for t which her ¦ family on
both sides 'had , long ; been* noted. *¦•¦ At- 18
years of age there was no 'lovelier/ girl in
Virginia." : Her- petite, rounded, 1 : graceful
figure," soft blue eyes and crown of golden
hair made her the belle of 'the county: w :
'" But even t at i that « early • age , : the - eccen-^
tricities.now so marked,. began to, display
themselves. :; She went In for literary, work
and produced a number of short pieces of
no especial merit until her sensational and
somewhat risque book, "The Quick or the
Dead,'! "was written. .
v Her, father. Colonel Albert L. Rives, a
distinguished engineer, was in France at
the;tlme, being connected with the Pan
ama ¦-' canal -work.
Inthfl first- bloom of youth she married
John Armstrong Chanler. a man consid
erably her senior, of grave, dignified de
meanor, and her opposite in almost every
respect.^ Their married life was unhappy,
and while the ties were not legally severed
for yearg they lived together only- for a
short ;tlme. ., He is now in an- insane asy
lum in, New York State. \, : •
-While on a tour of Italy some years afro
Amelle Rives-Chanler. as • she called ¦ her
self,^ met Prince Troubetzkoi, a Corslcan
I^seems to' have been a case of love at
fir* sight. The wedding, which took place
In Paris, was a brilliant one. The - Prince
is ¦ an • artist, and . his Washington' studio
is: a fashionable one. , He has painted the
portrait of the Queen", of England and of
other s crowned . heads of Europe; The
Princess 'Troubetzkoi is ; said -to have
amassed several hundred, thousand dollars
by t her literary labors,'; and will not want
for. temporal comforts * during the ;. re
mainder of her life. , - K f
BOOK REVIEWS
book lies' In its copious notes, convenient
indcx. ; and author's suggestions- for study
of the' poem. In addition to a handy ref
erence map, a chronological table and
comprehensive life of Walter Scott havo
been added. (Published by the Macmlllan
Company, New York. Price 25 cents.)
12sure enough shook out a Chinaman,
whose first inquiry was whether he had
killed the lady. I told him I jfSs very
much alive. My- would-be assassin was
immediately tried . and shot. • • •'•'All
else may be dead, but heroism still lives.
Jim Watts rides to Taku to bring us re
inforcements." He heads for Taku, but
may ride into the very jaws of death^ It
is a most perilous" undertaking, but brave
Jim Watts gladly, 1 gallantly risks, his life.
I myself heard him offer It. "Some one
must go to Taku," said the commanding
officer. "It may mean the lives of wo
men and children— it may mean. death to
the rider. Who will go?" "I know the
roads, every inch of them: let -me go."
said a voice. Then Jim Watts stepped
forward. "I shall go; It Is right. I am
the older brother." We saw him- mount
his horse, we heard the thuds of the hoofs
beat more faintly and die. Hope took no
new lease of life from this. Before rein
forcements could reach us it would be too
late., granting that brave/Jim Watts ever
reached Taku. And what more unlikely
than that? .'
JUNE 20.— I think to-day is Wednesday,
but I am sure only of the date. Days
have lost all significance for me. , Night
and day,, day and night are one long
.stretch of horrors. - They are bombarding
us fiercely. We are short of ammunition.
The end draws nearer. * * ? It. has all
been decided — decided quietly by those
graven-faced men who were once hus
bands, brothers .and, sweethearts. Now
they are Spartans. at bay. It is to be
thus. When wo can hold out no longer
the women and children are to be hidden
in Russian ammunition carts and, pro
tected by Cossack soldiers, an attempt
will be made to get them past the Box
ers. Failing in this, we are to be shot —
every one of us— by- the Cossacks. Oui
life blood shall never stain Boxer blades.
• * • I do not know whether this- diary
will ever be found. If we are shot to
morrow I shall attempt to place It in
hands that will see' that it finds its way
home. We do not make moan over death;
It Is not unwelcome after these days of
shot and *hell and suffering. God have
mercy on tus! •
JUNE 21.— There is less shelling to-day,
but they are hitting cioser. We are so
used to bullets that we scarcely start
when they whizz into the hall. No news
God bless Jim "Watts! Other flags are now
.visible— It -Is -!0:30-in -the -morning. • • •
The' troops r?ached us before 2 o'clock.
THe rest of the- day has been ..very quiet.
The . Chinese are evidently puzzled what
move to make next. How strange not to
hear -the shelling! There are. other dis
cordant sounds, though — the moo of me
hungry cows, the bray of the donkeys
and from the other starved animals comes
a "cry for something to eat. Poor crea
tures; yet it Is impossible to spare food
for them.
JUNE 24.— Tc-day 5s Sunday and all Is
quiet. • • • To-night the Chinese "arc
throwing skyrockets into the concession.
They are anxious to tind out how largo
our reinforcement is. The reinforcement
Is not overly strong in number, but mod
ern method of line marching baffles the
Chinese, who march In bunches. Please
God, they overestimate*! our strength and
forbear.
JUNE 23.— The clouds are gathering
again. Cannons boom. The troops sent
to rescue the Ministers at Peking have
been unsuccessful, only the scouts get
ting within sight of the Peking walls,
and even they not able to creep through
to learn the fate of our friends In Pe
king. They are returning starved and
footsore. The Boxers are attacking them.
TUESDAY. 2fi.— We have sent out a
relief to meet cur troops. • • • Merci
ful God. is horror to be heaped on horror
without end! The troops are back, having
stopped to repulse the Eoxers and take
an arsenal by the way. O the pity of it
all! They found the Peking detachment
so weak from want of food that they
wept like children when they found their
brother soldiers h2d come to meet them
empty-handed. A few handftils of rice
and a bit of horseflesh had been their
diet. Their tongues hung heavy for
thirst, the wily natives having poisoned
all -the water by. the : way. They came
in late this afternoon; too weak to^etum
ble into quarters. "Imagine- them being
forced to assist In driving back the Box
ers and taking the arsenal In such con
dition." One poor boy when told that the
hospital, was only a quarter of a block
away threw himself on the ground, say
ing. "It's been only half a block away all
day!"
JUNE 23.— Ah. the kindness of twilight.
Last evening I had a look at the un-
and t^TS E^p^nc^s Or|Ty Pai»aTT^d by SleSe -of UUckn©^
very morning that I stayed my footsteps
for a glimpseof the Boxers.- Yea, there
they were, their red sashes and caps
showing scarlet against their dark suits,
red lanterns dancing about : them like
plant fireflies, their, voices raised in song
against us. And clearest of all the clank
of their huge swords. I felt them hack-
Ing me to pieces. I heard them gloating
over my mangled body. Then all went
black, but only for a second. They are
within fifty. yards of me! Quick, quick,
why had I not thought of it before? The
revolver! To die thus were easier and 1
aimed. Suddenly from the trenches
where they have been hiding, rise as by
magic. Austrian soldiers." Another throw
in this game of life and death, and life
wins. But for how long? All hope is
gone, we have all settled down to leaden
despair. It in so sure to come that per
haps it were better to .have killed myself
this morning. Was it really this morning,
or Is this a nightmare? My head, my
head, and the bullets whizz!
Ice! Ugh! A pleasant thought. Is It not?
JUNE 30.— To-day is rather fiuiet. They
talk of risking taking us out for a day or
two. " If is -ovuel.- cruel to spur on hope
thus. .The hardest thins In life Is not
death. It .Is death In life. To see men
tortured, to watch women suffer and chil
dren sicken. To dodge shot and shell — to
live at the point of cru«*l death. They lie
who call this life. It ts. It ls~oh, the pain
Jn my head; I cannot think!
JULY 1.— The dawn fa gray and cheer
less. From the window 1 watch the sun
try to force a rift in the clouds. The day Is
dark and damp. Hark! a bullet. It falls
by the pallet of a golden-haired little tot. .
She turns wearily, nor wakes. Only a
horror-stricken mother snatches the sev- ,
«>ral golden curls that lie at her darling's '
side. So accustomed have we grown to'
bullets that we dodge them as carelessly.^
as one would a buzzing fly. • • • That'
rain Isj falling— a soggy, half-spirited?
drizzle, that encourages blue devils under
the best of circumstances. It has no
noticeable effect on our spirits: they hava
already ebbed past the low water mark.
• • • I Just counted five shots, one di
rectly after the other. It hit the wall
opposite me. • • • And still ltj
rains and still they shell us. la,
there 'rest In the grave? Nor heaven'
nor hell, I ask. only for the sleep
of the graTe! • • • It is night again la
Gordon Hitll. Night more hideous than
day; ever! the same struggle, the body i
demanding sleep that will* not be coaxed
to tired eyelids save In the guise of grim
nightmares. We have not yet gone mad.
but we may be slipping, slipping — • • •!
Midnight in Gordon Hall and the women ,
are weeping and wailing prayers o£<
thanksgiving. The despair of madnesa'
gives way when the floodgates of return
ing hope open- For to-morrow we are to
make our escape <from this. The com
manding officer has sent positive word!
to that effect. A tug Is ready to carry us
down the river. O, dear heaven. It must J
—It Is, It Is true. The cup will not again
be snatched from our lips. Surely the.
Lord God of Hosts is not so cruel. • • •
Who will risk going on this first tug? th«y,
have asked, and I for one have answered.
It may be that they will let us pass un
shelled. doubtful of our strength, whereas
the later boats may be fired upon.
JULY 2.— Again a raw dawn. We ar«
DIARY OF A GIRL WHO WAS BESIEGED BY BORERS.
tH E SUNDAY, CALL. *
fortunate soldiers and .my heart ached
for them.' To-day It bleeds. : Hunger,
thirst and disease have made sad wrecks
of them! If ever the people of Peking
are spared to breathe thanks.' let them
not forget the Tientsin guards who made
such desperate effort to get to them. •- • •
We ¦: have prepared - some food for them
and • have . . thinned - condensed milk for
their drink. Mrs. G.and I are going to
venture out of the hall for a ilttle while
In. order to carry.lt to them. • • ".It-ts
night .again and calm despair. claims" us
for its own. Gone are our bright hopes.
The Boxers may learn ' our weakness and
strike a\ final "blow.' We are "resigned, but
hush those\ trembling; >chlldlstk"- voices.
They tugtoo' strongly on.emotif*?. They
hay/! lost their roses, the little oftes. coop.
ed-*up in this .cellar. Only thefvery tiny
one->;complaij-i>- The pall. of silent despair
has settled over the rest of them as. it has
over us. Does the world outside know of
what we are suffering?, , What. matters It
whether. they; be "glad or sad? Nothing
matters. "N .
JUNE 23.— They are not^flrlpg on us .very
heavily. to-day. Some of, us ventured out
to care" for the* sick. They yell and curse
for ' pain ' and moan and mumble In de
lirium. To-day a fresh thought gave me
the creeps.- This strange resignation Is
worse 'than '\ the "• hysteria .- of. those first
days. ; Suppose ,we. all go melancholy mad!
Three : hundred -mad .women . and children
In Gordon Hall, each one with a heart of
about to take the tug captured from the
Chinese and christened "U. S. S. Mono
cacy No. 2." God be wlth.ua all. • • •
O. unhappy day! Nothing could be worse
than those days In. Gordon Hall — nothing
save this day of days on the river to Ta
ku. Dante c,ould not write the scene nor
Dore paint 'it. We. the living, steam by
the flpating dead. The river Is choked
with-' the hacked and mutilated Chines©
whom the Koxcri} have hastily thrown
into the water. There Moats the trunk of
a man. the blood still dripping where th«
head had been chopped oft. A littla
farther bobs up the head. There Is an
arm. here a body without legs. Now and
then we tome upon, a body swelled to
putrefaction. Can this be Vt»e year of Our
iflfrrl 1000? My senses reel, my hand
The other iroroen sit with eyes
shut asjaln.«t these ghastly corpses. I too
must shut them out. '. • • • Mon Dieu.
'mon l_>leu! the imlo French woman
?hricks» and faint*. From the shore come
the mad hotvla.nf »!og!«. They are barking
and lighting over the victims of the*
Bosers. shaking* the bodies in their teeth
tearing limb from "limb. • • • And oh.
* the sickening stench of it all. The poison
laden air is more than we can stand. A
'marine 13 lighting X cigarette. Bravo'
¦¦¦•¦ • • I have" sinokeira dozen cigarettes.
It Is nearlng 3 and Taku Is In sight. Not
a word is »poken. J but a prayer of thanks
giving goes up from every heart.
JUJ-Y 4.— We are on a French transport
bound for Nagasaki and then home
blessed, blessed home! We thank God
and pray that he watch over those still
in the clutches of the yellow monsters—
the Boxers! - -
: SATURDAY, JUNE : 21-Through . : the
glasses ";I saw the = troops ¦ comin'g, nearer
and ' nearer. Are they ; reinforcements for
the • Boxers or .- for ¦ us ? Closer they coma
and "yet we. cannot distinguish .'them.
Eyes strain ; through ? glasses . nor^ catch a
clew . to . their identity.- Another, half hour. '
Suddenly 1 something nutters to the wind.
.The stars- and" strlpea/) thank -God ! .thank
God! .They; are; coming, to j us and we shall
not die. i How good heaven is, how sweet,
is life. The stars and stripes, and .we wept
and ! HOPED the" first time since that day,
long ago ¦ when; we : came . to ; Gordon Hail.
; ¦ FRIDAY, 22d.— This morning ve heard
fighting: In. the distance. . Rumors flew
thick/ Surely, surely it could not be rein<
forcements." The; firing came- from the
direction of Taku, yet— Kismet alone 'can
tell.' ; • /
from Jim ; Watts.. I do not hope. for reln
forcehients, but I cannot believe that he
will fail to give the. message.. Half dead
he would creep 'there. • • • Great "ex
citement. We know "why their aim is so
much truer. A soldlsr /just 'shot and
brought to earth a carrier pigeon. . It. wad
carrying Information to. the Boxers. ; The
soldier, saw/ the house, from which th©
pigeon was set. free. Imagine ;: the traitor
Is a Christianized Chinaman, who has all
along professed to' be on : our., side and
Who was never doubted. We do not know
howjmany : of the others are ; pretended
friends. •? -*) Dear; heaven! ¦ how '.he
bullets j rain! -O for eternal sleep! :.
y-f TJ^TE 13.— To-night I am up and walt
( Ing for the Boxers. It Is between
\ the dark and the dawn. Will they
n j come? For weeks now we have
laughed at the rumors, but to
r.ight Botnehow-Mwt no, no; it cannot
be. Surely w<^ arc «=afe. Was It for
death or worse that I came to China?
These two years as *a governess have
taught me something of the bitter sweets
of life. Am I to have a final gulp of un
alloyed Mtter? It cannot, it shall not be.
• • • How blood red the dawn' leaps
over the sky! It licks the heavens like
hungry names! O God, they are flames!
The Boxers have fired the native city!
JUNE 14.— Hearts are heavy to-night.
The day has been spent maturing: plans.
Our menfolk gathered at the club and de
cided on the arrangements If the worst be
falle. A bugle call is to sound the note of
warning. Church bells clanging In Its
wake means that we are to hasten to
Gordon Hall. Hope died hard with me.:
Life seems very dear now that it is en»
dangered. There Is something comforting
even in the chill glint. of i my revolver.
That at least stands between me
and outrage at the Borers' hands.
It will not be easy for me. But
the mothers who may see their
babos torn '. from their breast t and
slaughtered— merciful heaven pity them!
• • * It Is the hour of midnight
and again the fires light the sky. Most
of our servants . have .. deserted us, but
Sing, whom I have taken pains to teach
English,, says he will not leave us in this
the supreme hour of our need. • • •
Sing has Just been up to /tell me that the
flames mean that the Boxers are; burning
the Catholic churches and killing native
Christians. ; • • • Mrs. A— and th©
children axe huddled together;, her heart
breaking sobs mingling with their mys-.
ti fled childish whimpers. I shall lie* dowb
Written in Gordon Hall, Tientsin, while Boxer bullets pelted day
and night. This is certainly the most vivid pen picture of the suffer
ings of the three hundred -women and children, who from June 13 until
July 4 writhed under the shadow of death. It was intended as a last
message in event of their extermination and, penciled in the heat of
agony, ft pulsates -with the horror of their awful situation. Miss Fahr
was the only woman who kept a diary during those days of torture.
TRANSCRIPT OF MISS FAHR'S DIARY
though not to sleep, but I must rest my
aching body. For the aching brain there
Is no rest. Who knows what the morrow
means for us?
JUNE 15.— So a lifetime of agony can
really be lived In a day. It is night In
Gordon Hall, in Gordon Hall, where three
hundred' women and children crouch for
.safety. Over, in that corner a mother
sobs a cradle song to her fretful *baby.'
Nearby! a hysterical woman laughs a
mirthless laugh that clutches on the
heartstrings. Some sit with wUe star
ing:eyes; heavy with the weight of woe.
the tears that will not come. Others weep
silently or wildly sob. -Now and then a
scream shivers' through; the din. Pity us
dear Lord ! • •. *. -Was it . . only ' 'this'
morning that the bugle sounded, or was It
years ago? The pain -in my head"makes.
me dizzy— ah, yes, now it -comes back, to
me. The call of the bugle, at the birth
of this very day. The hurried throwing
together of a few treasured belongings.
At 4 o'clock the ringing of the church
bells, the ' signal that all must hasten : to "
Gordon Hall. '.We walked .through , the
streets, faithful Sing carrying our things.
In the distance we saw other groups' fly-'
Ing In the ' same ' direction.' "Halt, 'who
goes' there,""came again and: again from'
sentinels > (p the , distance. Up ; one street
and down , another when suddenly came
Jhe , tramp of "feet.; and . r : ,"tltl" ; /£ (foreign ;
women) . reached our affrighted 'ears. \; ;. The ''
Boxers ! whispered Mr. A— — and the'fam
lly flew. No, It : could not* have been thli
JUNE W.-Tney. are; -bombarding us'
heavier to-day than, heretofore?. Early this
morning ' I ; stood t ' Behind • a > closed .window ¦
peeping, through' the- shutter ; slats.- Four
bullets pierced . the shutters, . but ; did • not
strike me. r . I • rushed 1 to . the ; commanding
officer ' and told him , that the bullets must
have \ come * from a Chinaman £ concealed :
In * a' tree flanking the ; window. * Calling .
four Co6sacka, v we went to the ' tree/' and
JUNE IS.— We are getting used to bullets
crashing through walls and doors. "Who
shall ever know what we have suffered
In this cellar of Gordon Hall? None, for
ourmute lips. will never be able to.- tell
the story. We know that death claims us.
I do not care; nothing matters now; noth
ing; only— mother! Oh, my,--* mother!
• "*..*. It is yet early In the morning and
the Boxers are attacking the railway sta
tion .at Tientsin. The Russians havo
marched to meet them. I am going to
the tower with .my glasses to try and
¦ catch' a glimpse of the battle. __•. • .„•
(Jod has not quite forgottenus! He has
given a thought to his stricken children.
The Russians have. repulsed the Boxers!
If my heart, were not dead it would sing
."Hallelujah." How they fought! We do
not \ shudder and turn -pale. The cry for
blood is .In' us. the brute Is uppermost.
Fragile women hold their glasses unfalter
. Ing nor sicken at sights that formerly
would have, shocked. We strain our eyes
to catch every, movement. Now there Is a
haze, now it lifts and I see a Boxer raise
his knife against a Christian convert. It
cuts slick and clean through the Bide of ¦
the head .and shoulder. lean even see
the arm fall .to the ground. Thirteen
hours of this and I am only conscious that
my feet ' ache. Pity, too, lies choked to
death'ln my breast. ¦•:.* ? But half the
day, is written and, I must make haste. In
the morning we were attracted; from our.
station in the tow«r by cries of "Kill him,
kill him!" I saw a Chinaman carelessly
making his way down the street carrying,
a basket. Again : the - cry "Kill him, ¦: kill
'him; It Is the spy!" A Belgian, woman '
seeing him from a window gave the cry.
She, was one of a party. of Belgians who,
while fleeing to : Tientsin .. for protection.',
were bttraycl by their Chinese guide and
ruthlessly slaughtered. "Kill him, kill'
him !" ,' hoarsely echoed women's > voices r
once : turned . to soft Words, now i shrill : for •
veitgeance. The -. soldiers .took : ; him— he
has' already been tried and to-morrow will
be shot. ? • ? Another incident i !n this
crowded -day.'. At; noon our soldiers went
across the river and captured the military
. college. : .- It was; as they guessed. " The
Boxers had placed. guns there. to train "on*
.us..' • • V How * long' Is* it since" I- ha»e^
slept? I : am. tired.- tired 'unto death " and ;
there Is no rest until death Itself.
JUNE 17.— They are shelling from the
Viceroy's courts. This means the officials
are helping the Boxers. God help us! \V«
cannot make out the direction of their
firing. * • * They are shelling the mil
itary college across the river. Our men
think It Is to keep the foreigners > away
and give the Boxers a chance to mount
guns there tind turn them on. U3.
JUNE16.— Again the fires are raging in
the native city. The flames look like
writhing devils ; to me. Gordons-Hall is
growing more quiet— the first hysteria is
passed. ( Are- these hollow-eyed, wan faces
those that smiled such a short time ago?
Mattresses are spread on the floor, but
sleep will not come to the women: only
the children toss in fitful slumber. Al
ways, always the sounds of ilring. Oh, to
die at once and end it all! To-night I for
got .tnd for a second held a lighted candle
near a mirror. The mirror shattered into
a thousand bits. A watchful Chinaman
saw the light and aimed. A number of our
enemies have crept Into this quarter, glid
ing as only a Chinaman can past the sen
tinels, or coming in the guise of Chris
tians.. They hide on the tops of tall build-
Ings and shoot. The commanding officer
has warned us.
watching for the help that seemed already
too late.
It had been decided by the men of Tien
tsin that the lives of the women and chil- jj
dren were no longir safe within the city.
If they fell into the handn cf the Boxers
their fate would have been more horrible
than ary would ever have cared to hear..
So the helpless ones were . to .be sent
away under a guard of marines or Cos
sacks in the almost hopeless effort to
reach protection of the merr*cf-war.
If the party was attacked in such man
ner a? to make, defeat certain, the women
and children were to be killed by their
own guards.
That was why there were strange, pity
ing Jooks on the faces of the men of Tien-4
tsin when they looked upon their women
and children.
The decision which they had reached,
involving the possible slaughter of all who
were dear to them, was yet one of the
mest merciful judgments ever made by
any jury of men.
Knowing all of this, feeling it as only a
¦woman In a far away land could feel It,
Miss Fahr stood in the belfry of the tower
on Gordon Hall and looked and looked
over the level plain that shone In the
burning heat.
A dust In the distant horizon line, dark
with moving men. showed that the sol
diers were coming— Boxers, Imperials or
allies? Was it torture, death or life that
was being carried to them by that little
thin line?
The most powerful glasses had all been
stolen by the servants when they left,
and the pair which she had could not dis
tinguish the men.
At last there, there It was— the flag, the
flag! the one flag In the world which sha
longed to see.
In one of the quiet rooms of the hotel
she sat on her trunk which had come
from China.
In her hand the little diary to which she
had confided the horror of those days
when three hundred women and children
had crouched week after week, surround
ed by the allied soldiers who were to
slaughter them If the Boxers conquered.
As she read from the diary to a sten
ographer her face was swept by the emo-
She had no fear for herself of the com
ing threatened tortures, but she~wished to
spare those she loved from even the re
cital of them.
sage from her.
It was by reason of sparing the feelings
of her friends In this country should the
"book come to. their hands as a last mes-
Two years ago Miss Fahr had gone to
China as a teacher, when that country
was calling for enlightenment and prog
ress. China needs for a while a more
earnest and practical lesson In civiliza
tion than could be taught by gentle
minded'women. '
The more horrible scenes of torture and
suffering. Miss Fahr has omitted Inten
tionally from her diary.
Miss Fahr had seen the coming of the
trouble months before the envoys at Te
king. They had been lulled by the smooth
stories of the people of the palace,
where all was serene In the tranquillity
which Confucius taught so well, while
around them rose the angry tide that cut
them off from the stores of safety.
American men risked their lives to save
this girl and her, companions. LIve3 and
dollars well risked for the Joy ,thcy
brought to those hopeless prisoners who
were asking only the boon of a merciful
death from the hands of their husbands,
fathers and frlend3.
The lesson of civilization must bo taught
to those who would excel In refined bar
barism, i ' ¦¦ «. .- .
To see the gratitude of one who has
fscaped from such 'lends; to read her
own story, writton in that spirit of truth
which comes when facing death, makes
an argument that settles the question of
what our policy should be In China.
At times as she thought of the tragedies,
her face convulsed and added years to
Its age In a second, as the,detalls_of the
scenes swept before her. . ' Then again
thankfulness" for her deliverance, the feel-
Ing of American soil under foot and the
face was transfigured -once more.
- .„,...
tions that had been given no play when
she kept a stout heart in the fmce of
death.
Only a girl, young, sofi'and falr.7wlth ?
gentle eyes that pleaded "to be* released -
from the awful details with ¦ which her
brain was "burning. .,. ;
Since the relief of Lucknow there has
been no such striking incident as the one
related by Miss Fahr when she stood In
the top .of the tower on Gordon Hall.
All of the Improvements, Inventions nnd
advances during the long cycles of their
being- have been Jn the one line of how to
make life moro horrUjle, deat'i more
ghastly. I
In this charnel house, promen and chil
dren were the- objects of special search on
the part of torturers.
Where Dante had but seven grades of
torment^, the Chinese have more than we
can count..
Tb* whole of Northern China proves to
be a place which for horror and despair
¦"¦*<•¦— Dante's Inferno seem to be mild
by comparison.
Cmmatle Interest that only a Journalist
can give. It Is seldom that one has the
chance to write under euch a stimulus of
reaUxxn as that to which she was sub
jected.
The cry of help from the Imprisoned
Caucasians la China has stirred the -world
joot« than any e\?ent In a hundred years.
Miss Fahr la a well-known magazine
writer and her filary has therefore the
THE first people to escape from the
horrors of China have landed on
.American soil, the gladdest crowd
that ever «et foot within our bor
ders.
AmTjj all of them the one •who had the
clearest ir.emory and most lucid account
of the terrib'.e tlxnts which had numbed
their souls wa3 MIfs Tillle Fahr.
Durir.g the time whfn all hope of life
had been given up she had faithfully kept
a diary, recording almost hourly the aw
ful events -which were passing around.
That diary was not colored by fear or
favor of anything to happen In this life,
for hope of life had gone.
It we» Intended to be a last message to
those dear ones whom she never expected*
to Bee again, when the last vestiges of
tlieir bodies bad been torn by the doss, or
floated away 'on the river, that this book
might perchance fall Into the hands of
avengers, who could through Us state
ments know In what manner the martyrs
felL
It was a statement mada In the face
and fear of death.
13to f-pcrd many years of your life In mak
ing embroidered pictures for posterity,
you can put in scmo warm afternoons to
tood advantage in working- the little rec
tangular pieces that make such dainty
tovrrs fcr Jewel boxes, or the larger
squares that will cover cushions fcr your
own or your friend.- 1 oozy corners.
Miss Leonard of the art department of
the City of Paris has lately returned from
the real Paris, and has brought with her
specimens of all that city's newest whims
in the way of fancy work. They are
mar.y. but first and foremost it must be
remembered that tapestry is to-day's fad
and nothing is so new as this antiquity.
Different kinds of canvas may be used
according to the style of -work to be done.
When the background is to be filled In a
coarse canvas is good enough, as it will
be hidden, and the big stitches are mori
easily managed in coarse cloth. But for
the delicate sprays of flowers and quaint
little landscapes no background is used
but the fabric Itself, and this must be of
fine weave.
These flower sprays are carried out In
Canvas work Is the very latest !n cm
..-¦ ¦ -~ --_¦¦¦. *
broidery, and it is coming with a venge
ance. "Tapestry" you must call it. It is
an imitation of antique designs such as
ere to be found in France— designs that
men possessed of a heritage of craft spent
the best years of their lives in weaving.
"Tapestry" Is another channel In which
the r.v>w is attempting to follow the old.
And although you probably will not care.
*-ji—^ITE tiir:e appears to bo near nt .12nd
when crosp-stitehir.g ladies shall be
J> met as of yore on turnmer verandas
and at winter firesides. They are
appearing already in thi:» season of 19W.
You may go calling some August af:or
r.oon to find your hostess In the ir.idst of
canvas and colored tlnrs that would do
credit to one of the past generation's he
roines. The difference Is that the ladies
of that ape used balls of worsted which
white kittens were always chasing, and
nowadays one must use the finest of Filk.
And tho object of all the hours of cross
etitching is no longer the minister's slip
pers, but somebody's Jewel box or sofa
cushion.
A remarkable effect of the great hurri
cane of 1S38 in the "West India Islands was
the complete disappearance from the is
land of St. Vincent of a species of hum
ming-bird, which, previous to the storm,
had been one of the cemmonest and tam
est birds that inhabited the island. Other
species of humming-birds of a larger size
survived the tempest and are yet to be
seen In St. Vincent, but the little brosze
green birds with erected crest which
formerly attracted much admiration are
all gone. , . ...... _ ._... ...
If you have a dark room that mourns
for a splash of color try yellow mull sun
flowers—gorgeous, glowing yellow— upon
white moire. Line your cushion with the
same yellow, and you will find a whole
sunny day's worth of good cheer in one
sofa corner.
used. Xlle green makes .f good back
ground for blue bells and tiger lilies don*
in the palest of blues, and pinks with dull
green foliage. "White lilies are good on
white, and the brown spots may be added
to their petals. The green stems and
leaves will show to their best advantage
on white, and the whole effect 13 cool and
dainty for a summer parlor. %
Cushions are made In this way: The
•flowers are first stamped, then the out
line of each petal Is followed by tacklns
the bit of mull loosely with a few invisible
stitches, turning it over and drawing it
| so that It lies in loos© f bids that catch
to painted petals outlined with silk. Ap
pliques of all kinds have failed until Paris
has at last hit upon the use of silk mull
laid In tiny folds. This is fairly realistic
'and at any rate a dainty novelty.
should live. Solid embroidery gave way
¦ and gives relief In a room otherwise too
•dark. Splurgy red popples are stunning
on the brown linen firround.
il£h£' For many, many years artists of the
needle have tried to make flowers that
This is an exception to the rule of white
script, old English or other fancy, letters,
and must be done in white, of. course.
Have them embroidered across one cor
ner of the napkins, and across two diago
nal corners of the table cloth.
For a side table— a table upon which re
freshments stand— a cover may be made
of brown linen worked In whatever flow
ers are used for the house decoration.
¦ ¦ - v ' " '' ¦ '
light and shade and are a relief frem fhe
unnatural ; flatness of - solid embroidery j
Stems arid flower 'centers may be put In
with- stitches. Instead' ef the mull a soft
ribbon may be used with similar results.
•In most of this work the pastel tints are
A short cut to a Marie Antoinette result
is Achieved iby using, silk" 7 braid and cord
upon a satin . background.*. To' be, sure,
? Via artntvm nrmct Via *>Yr\\\Tn\Af*mA » Vmf tViof
The -Marie Antoinette work Is another :
revival/ and an elaborate • one. Dapper
little bouquets in dapper little wreaths,
caught by dapper little bows, repeat them-;
selves from edge to edge, and apparently
they never would stop if the pillow didn't..
Marie Antoinette: appears to have been
a terribly fussy lady, judging)" from, the. _
precision . and primness that ¦ she : required ;
of the designs ; named >¦ for her." - Cross '
stitches ..without number, are* needed.!; to
t^rry out one of her sofa cushions. -The
one 'favorable argument, Is that' they are
the most rapid stitches that a needle can
take, for the weaveofithe fabric marks
an easy path. ¦)
cushion are done in shaded pinks and
their green leaves trail a bit -over the
border that follows two edges. The ,can-"
vas. background is of a yellowish tinge.
It should belaid. over a strong pink and
lined with the same. Nearly all the new
pillows are back' and front affairs, by
the way. The back is of plain silk, which
should carry out .the color scheme of the
room's hangings; and the front is the em
broidered piece which harmonizes. Ruf
fles and cords are used than formerly
for the edges. A short gold fringe may
finish a pillow, but. even this is not need
ed. A simple seam will do/r • '
tHe natural colors, bo deftly shaded as to
look like paintings on bolting cloth. Some
times the flowers stand alone: sometimes
they are ' framed In old-fashioned geo
metrical borders. The roses for a small
; .The queerest of all the canvas work :1a'
a;square cushion -cover, which is a dlrect :
;cooy! of . an, old -tapestry ¦; shown In , the
Musee Clinique of^ Paris. A grotesque lit
tlei • creature^/as;'mu*ch, man as anything
else, is surrounded by- a; quartet such aa"
never.' was "gathered" rfhywhere "else.*! , A
unicorn is one, a prancing and impossible
goat is another, and two unearthly L blfda
V make; up * the' four. :. All ] colors "are ; used,'
but no 1 bright tones" are to be found. ; 'This
is true in all the ' new., tapestries:' faded
tints Tare • the : absolute . rule." , V "
, A good deal \ of the ; canvas work is de
signed in imitation of Majolica porcelain.
Long scarfs arc in fashion for. all sorts'
of places. , They are used on centertables,
on sldetables, on the old carved" chest
which stands at the foot of your stairs.
If you are willing: to hide: the carving,
you can do so by throwing over Jt a very
smart linen 'scarf done in "a cross-stitch
tapestry 'design! Firm brown linen is
used : for this scarf;" thte kind of , linen that
glistens . like ; 8llk.'5 A •- geometrical : design
interrupted at intervals by unclassified
animals Is done in brilliant red silk, leav
ing'a long strip of plain linen down the
eerier.'^ Lace flntsh.es. the edge. :
is not a great amount of work.' One cush
ion! Is of cream ' satin, the circles carried'
out in dull green silk braid and cord.
Stiff little pink roses stand primly up-'
right among green leaves — the ¦whole pil
low lined with green satin.
This gives Italian designs. Besides thes*
are clumsy i German c flower stalks In a
Jugend -pattern, and: the other patterns
are French..' 1 The rule for soft colors,
however. Is universal.'' .,
Next to the tapestry embroidery, white
work is fashionable^ White l!nen and mull
are used fpr countless articles. Even the
parlor:has a'Wg share of them. Parlor
sofa cushions are made - of fine white
linen. ; embroidered and ruffled in white,
and lookfcig much, more like a new baby'f
thronethan'a parlor ornament. They are!
not -all .'ornamental, ; though: delicate as
they Jbobk,;thoy : can be washed as often
as one likea and so they, are the most use
ful kind of cushions. Almost any shape
Is permissible, the rectangular being even
more, in vogue 'than the square.
For the dlninp room, white Is almost,
universal. .A; few flowered dollies ; still
linger", but .they are back numbers.- The .
swaggerest ' thlnglls plain linen bordered
with' lace; Renaissance, It may be, .or
Ductiesse, or the. heavier. Clunle. Some
times "a'few simple bands of drawn -work
are. combined/; but they are unnecessary.
Nothing can possibly be as handsome as
* a] bare Uable of dark old oak or mahog
any^ with these exquisite circles of lac*
In "\ relipf ; upon : It. Lace Is used on u the
table cloth* and/ napkins as well.', ¦ Mono- '
grains are frowned upon Just now; Initials!
are used unlinked. These may be in
Sfjective is)ork on Canvas.
HERE ARE THE VERY LATEST FAD IN EMBROIDERY
delicate flower Jnventions,
THE STJNDAY GALL.
14ARTISTIC RECEPTION ROOMS OF SAN FRANCISCO HOMES
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
Common sense must be observed by the
derorator, for what might be suitable for
a large house would be tfw exact opposite
In a tir.y cottage or a flat. True beauty
end art are not dependent upon any espe
cial style. The fittings, hangings and
per.eral furniture of rooms should apply
to the several uses of the apartments and
ehould be in harmony. Harmony is the
keynote of an artistic home.
In the flirt place, there is the hall— the
Introduction to the living rooms of the
Jwuse. The tendency nowadays, both in
ljt:.?l&ji& and the United States, Is to treat
ihe hall more as a living room Itself than
as a mere passage way, which was Its
conception— at least by American archi
tects—In times past. Sometimes we 6ee
the hall used as a library in the conven
tional style, with open fireplaces, easy
chairs for comfort, lounging places and
reading tables with lamps, books and
magazines.
Again, when used as a reception room.
? -t
*• No. 1 — Stair-way in the 4.
h- Residence of Simon Eoch- 4
? stadter, 1816 Broadway. +
Ho. 2— Hall and Reception £
Room in the residence of E.
4. Colecxan, Corner of California 4.
? and Franklin. 4
? No. 3— Hall in the Resi- +
? dence of I. W. Hecht, Octavia *
4 r.ni Jackson. 4.
4 No. 4 — Reception Room and 4
? Stairway in the Residence of +
? C. C. Brown, 2508 Green. *
? No. 5— Hall in the Resi- J
+ deuce of Mrs. Bissinger, Jack- 4.
4- son Street. 4
4 4-
O-»4M*MMM*M»H ??????•
rrT has been discovered that comfort,
utility and general convenience are not
ii incompatible with high art. Comfort
Is the essential point, but art is its
twin Foster.
the artistic points are cozy corners, built
into the windows or elsewhere, plenty of
palms and curios in*the decorations. Of
course. In some of the modern and ele
gant homes, in spite of the resemblance
to a living-room, the hall is simply used
as a passageway and then furnished in
any preferred style. Often in this case
the paneled walls are filled with niches
for vases or statues. The furniture of
this kind of a hall should consist of
straight-backed clalrs, benches and the
Inevitable oaken chest, plain or carved.
In small halls, where expensive decora
tions are beyond the limit of the owner's
purse, a few good pieces of furniture are
the only objects required. Xever over
crowd a hall so that In passing through
one must wind his awkward way through
a circuit of furniture. Such overcrowding
gives a parvenue air to even costly fur
nishings. And the fewer the colors used
In a hall the more restful la the effect
of the eye. When neutral tones are used
the carpet may contrast In color with
draperies, cushions, etc. When the walls
are simply paneled in oak or walnut, or
paneled In a quiet tone, such as gray
or white, the carpet may contrast In color
with the draperies and chair coverings.
For instance, in an oak-paneled room
crimson curtains or draperies and chair
coverings may be used with a dull green
carpet, or with one of the dark blue pat
terns In subdued tints; or the color
scheme may be reversed and green hang
ings and chair coverings combined with
a plain crimson carpet. ;
The Colonial Btyle of furnishing halls Is
extremely popular, both in the East and
West. With this style go highly polished
floor?, rare old rugs, straight high-backed
chairs and antique ornaments.
The Flemish style has not attained suc>
One of the most beautiful homes In Sar.
Francisco as well as being of the most
modern type Is that of Mrs. I. W. Hecht.
The furnishings, from the reception-room
¦ and throughout the house, are elegant
and reflect the perfect taste of the owner.
Mrs. Hochstadter's hall 1$ quite a dis
tinct style from the one just mentioned.
Here everything Is modern, simple and
elegant, with colorings all In harmony.
The Japanese fad has rather run its day,
(hough It Is found occasionally in single
rooms or perhaps one corner of a hall
or library.
Individuality Is shown to a large ex
tent In the furnishing of rooms, particu
larly of halls. As an example there Is the
hall in Mrs. C. Gross' residence on Green
street, which Is thoroughly artistic., and
yet comfortable in ev*ry detail. By rea
son of Its delightful arrangement It can
be of use as library, sitting room, recep
tion or living room, or even music' room.
One corner Is fitted up a3 a library and
decorated with Indian and Mexican bas
kets of all forms of workmanship. An
other corner has the piano, with a tea
table and plenty of easy chairs In ready
reach. The floor Is polished and covered
with valuable rugs. The celling Is pan
eled. It Is an Ideal hall from A to Z.
The Moorish or Oriental mode of dec
oration Is quite a fad Just now. It is also
an extravagance, as the woodwork must
all be carved and draperies, chair cover
ings, cushions and even ornaments must
be of Oriental designing.
and esthetic.
a vogue hero as In the East. It Is simple
To sum up. It may be truly said that It
would be the height of absurdity for us
to depend upon any stylo or fashion for
the decorations of our homes. Sound Judg
ment and good sense should b« used in
planning a house's interior; the general
appreciation and adoption of artistic dec
orations should be colored by these quali
ties. Depend upon it. the decoration oC
a home Is not a mere thing of fashion, but
a constant recurring pleasure. Put in
your homes your own original Ideas, what
you desire to see about you. In short, let
vour home be a reflection of yourself.
The climatic conditions out ( here are so
different from those In Eastern cities that
we cannot follow exactly the same styles
of decoration that prevail there. For one
thing the Eastern country houses are usu
ally furnished as we furnish our town
homes. Their long winter calls for heavier
furniture, while we can use the light,
styles all the year round.
There are many less palatial homes In
this city and across the bay which are
strictly artistic In furnishings, though the
outlay for the decorations was In no senso
large. One of the prettiest homes tha
writer has ever entered is the abode of a
young couple In moderate circumstances.
The drawing-room is In tans and browns,
with one or two palms on tabarets, a ma
hogany plano\and three or four good pic
tures on the walls. The hall. In sage
green. Is just large enough for an oaken
chest, a hanging hatrack and a carved
Chair. The bedrooms are In oak or whlta
and gold. The whole effect of the tiny
home Is charming.
Nearly all of the furniture, draperies and
ornaments were Imported. The halls are
of the massive order, with magnificent
carved chairs and benches. Statues and
rare palms appear at the different turns
In the passageways. The floors of the
reception hall are covered with Persian
rugs In picturesque patterns.
*£ome Charmingly Arranged
/falls and JYfagnificent
15SOME LITTLE FAVORITE IN "THE BROWNIES" WHO ARE TO APPEAR AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER
"Yes. father." returned the young stu
dent simply. He knew the danger that
threatened the mission of Hoi Mun and
all its people. He knew that there was
the mission of "The Open Door" a dark,
stealthy form slid through the swaying
gras-se3 along the canal and followed.
Felix and the coolie servant traveled
destination, they stopped for rest. With
the messages safe in his breast Felix
crept in beside a bank, and with his head
upon h/s pack fell asleep, while the coolie
stones and missiles. Felix felt a mad,
hopeless impulse, born of .the injustice of
his suspicion of a few moments before,
but as the utter uselessness of all effort
fainted, and knew no more.
• • •
Waking, he opened his eyes to the cool
night air, and closed them again. The
escort of sufficient number to lnstrre re
spect went with him, and there was also
ariother. It was the faithful Wong Kai.
ERNESTINE COUGHRAN.
THE presence of a great unrest was
felt in the Valley of Ho Tal. Up on
the hillsid* the mission of the Jesuit
Fathers wa? as tranquil and as dig
nified as at all times, but its silence was
the quiet of apprehension.
Presently at on© of the windows there
ttm a stir. It was the window of Father
Honore'fi library and the curtain had
been drawn by a hand.
"Sit down, my *on," paid the good
father. "The air Is stifling. You are sure
it Is your wish to go?"
fast. Far down the edge of the canal,
past fantastic bridges, gaudy pa
godas and the " grotesque temples
of tho , .neighboring villages. then
out into the illimitable plain, with
its network of canals, where .the
stretches of brown fallow showed a
dreary, clean-cut horizon, unbroken by
tree or hedge-row. Toward the Vising- of
the sun they slept, and. when it was light
they breakfasted and started on. ' Jour
neying en . they * passed the sail-carts of
the rice' farms, with' canvas spread and
driven by the s wind. Here and there were
barges riding on wheels through the ca
nals. Th»t^was all-ran endless waste of
the . same, along the treeless level. At
first there v.'as no trouble and they passed
unmolested through the groups of boat
men and villagers, simple folks unaware
that their; country was at war with the
allied powers .of the world. But a day
and a night brought them to a place of
scowling faces and ominous mutterings.
It t was when. the>v turned from the great
waterway and struck . across .the-, plain
toward Shanghai.. At every village, the
scowls grew blacker, and the coolie crept
silently at the heels of his master, ner
vous and v/atchfu'l. Being refused a
lodging Felix grew, afraid to ask and they
took turns at sleeping In the open fields,
or In the cooler nights under some friend
ly bank. They skirted the towns and
avoided inhabited places.
One 'night, 'but forty miles from his
¦ * '
peril in the . air and that at any moment
might come the outbreak of the rebellious
element, which meant a horrible and re
volting death for all the Christians- in the
settlement of the valley of Good-to-look
at. To him had been intrusted the mess
age for the commander of the French
squadron at Shanghai and through him
was to come the assistance which was to
save the # mission if it were possible. He
knew that his was no easy task; that the
way lay through a country wild with riot
ing" and nervous with the breath of hor
rible crimes. He knew that there .was
little hope of threading a safe .path
through the perils' of the section through
which he would have to pass, and- that
the uncertainty of life carried with it
the horrors of a -death unspeakable. -But
Felix Marchand was 22 and no coward.
As the last of the red sun sunk outof
eight behind the rice fields Felix set out,
close at his heels the servant of the mis
sion, Chung Foo, with a bag of provisions
on his back. At the hridge where the
' canal was widest they met a tall, serious
yellow man. It was Wong Kai. With a
word and a noJ Felix passed him by, but
the slant eyes watched long after the
careless good-by. /
. "Me sabe he go." mused Wong,
-"Mishee FJe>»£~ go Shanghai. "\3~ong.Kal
', go too. Mishee Flelix goo' man. No likee
see go dead." Then when the sun. was
• not ct all and the dark had settled 'over
with tireless ' eyes watched beside him.
Presently there were wild sounds off
toward the dark line of horizon . and
Chung Foo sprang to hif feet. Physical
exhaustion >had rendered' Felix insensible
to the danger of abandonment "and he
slerJt soundly. The words ,of the coolie
reached his ears but not hte senses, as
Chung Foo hastily muttered in ; pigeon
English: "You stay; mo go look- see. No
come back you run likee devil. Big sword
man come, me sabe alle day, makee fol
low."
The little yellow man darted off, glid
ing through the grasses, and Felix slept
on. Roused/ aften how long a time he
knew not. by the most fiendish succession
of heathen yells ever given vent to-out
side the limits of the infernal regions,
Felix leaped to his feet, instantly awake
to the perils of his position, and found
Chung Foo missing. The momentary sus
picion of treachery against his faithful
servant came x back to him as a bitter re
proach a few minutes later, when the
real situation unfolded its horrors to his
realization. The. Boxers had laid hold.of
the devoted coolie and were torturing him
with the fury of disappointment. They
had sought his master. , Peering from the
embankment, Felix beheld a sickening
sight. By. the light of torches, a dozen
howling fiends circled around the body of
poor Chung Foo, lashing him with whips
and prodding him with sticks, burning
him with ' flaming torches and throwing
to assist the dying coolie appeared to him,
he hastily picked up the lighter pack up
on which he had slept, and cautiously
moved across the waste toward a strag
gling field of corn where he hoped to gain
a shelter for the ' hour^of approaching
daylight. Heartsick,' weary and footsore
he dragged himself into the scant thick
et of- low growth just as the straggling
beams of the sun crept over the desolate
waste and lighted up the land of his foes.
Breathless and with a whirling head he
lay like a hunted animal close to the
ground, eachwhisk of. the -wind through
the drying leaves of corn bringing a-mo
ment of agonized anticipation. NerveSj
overwrought, and utterly exhausted phys
ically. Felix fell asleep and slept deeply.
"The red sun faded into, pale yellow, and
then beat down a white heat. Felix
awoke feeling cramped. He attempted to
rise, but found he could not. His hand3
were bound. His dazed brain began to
comprehend. He had been thus bound
and left to die of starvation. There was
a discordant sound beside him. Felix
heard it and "understood starvation was
not to be the only torture. It was to be
the terrible punishment v of- the parrot, of
which he had. heard. Hands and feet.se
curely bound.'he couid not move, and to
his belt was chained a monster green bird.
The fiends had sought him out while ho
slept, and had done this thing .while he
lay senseless in* the stupor of exhaustion.
Great beads i of perspiration came out
on Felix's brow.- His face was white and
drawn. Presently he would grow hungry,
and the bird— would eat. In the horror
of it* all, withi the pitiless white, rays of
the sun beating down in his face, Felix
cried out,', one f agonized, despairing cry
that lost itself on the shimmering hot air.
Then he lay still.' The bird hopped upon
his breast, cocked one eye and looked
around curiously, then it settled the gaze
of two round waiting eyes upon Felix's
face, and-it too, was still. The lagging
minutes crept; into hours, the two round
eyes still watched and waited. It^» could
not be much longer, then the sharp beak
and the black' claws would be at work;
theTway the parrot gazed with those
round, red-rimmed eyes into his own told
Felix what would be the first work of/the
sharp" beak.-. In the horror of it all he
nightmare had been with him while ho
slept, and he had not forgotten, "^e
thought for the moment he had gone nyw;
and expected to hear the discordant cry
of the bird, or feel It pluck at ht3 shirt.
He opened his eye3 again, and then he
tried to move his hands. To hia surprise
he succeeded, though his whole body was
aching, and stiff. Sinking back, ho tried
to think it all out. and gave it up. H a
felt his brain going, then there Was a feel
ing of something at his wrist, a hand was
rubbing it. Slowly he gathered his senses
and looked up. A dark form carao be
tween him and the stars.
"Whashe mallah? Mishee Flelix ffeel
blettah?" It was Wong Kai— Wons Kai
who had followed through the days and
nights. . sleepless and faithful, until ha
had lost them two days before, and even
now he had traced Felix through the
trails of his pursuers, and past the muti
lated body of Chung Foo to the patch of
corn, and he had lain low until the last
sound of the rabble had died away.
All day they waited in the corn, resting
and sleeping. Wong Kai had brought
with him food, and they ate. To all Felix's
heartfelt words of gratitude the stoio
Wong Kal made no reply, except that ha
had followed of his own free- will, because
he "no likee see Mlshee Flelix go dead."
But when Felix made him lie down to
sleep, and bound a wet handkerchief over
the yellow, aching forehead there was <^«»
beaming, peaceful look of gratified amf.
tion from Wong's* flat features, and th«
yellow man slept.
They had moved through to the far end
of the cornfield, leaving no trace of their
footsteps, lest the fiends should, coma
again to witness the agonies of tbfelr vic
tim. But they saw no trace of. them, and
when it was dusk they started forward.
They traveled fast, being refreshed with
their long day of rest, and the morning
sunshine found them within sight of th«
city of Shanghai. At noontime as th»
commander of the French squadron
lunched at his table a message cams to
him. It was to the effect that a messen
ger from the Jesuit Mission of Hot Mun,
in the Valley of Ho Tal, awaited an audi
ence with the admiral, and brought let
ters of importance. The admiral's lunch
eon was not finished, for with tho coming
of Felix there was much to do.
The following day Felix set out upon hia
return, but he was not alone. A French
THE SUNDAY CALL;
16
THE FIDELITY OF WONG KAIartists have whisked acrons the Or
pheum at a brisk pace, tumbling out of|
one costume into a'nother while you
caught your breath. Miss Rawlston'
makes them appear slow in comparison, 1
for she doesn't even take the allotted
"quicker than you can say 'Jack Robin
son.' "
Miss Rawlston strolls to the footlights
in a debonnalr way, faultless to the last
detail In her swell black suit. Yet only
five minutps before she sat chatting in
her dressing room playing "mine hostess."
to a Sunday Call reporter. Miss Rawlston
looked very chic in her smart golf suit,
her piquant face losing no attraction from
the closely cropped hair, brushed as slick
&h "military" and water will. do the act;
Fiui. elnwly and proudly. :m the peacock"
docs. Struck with the pranrteur and d.'g
nlfy of the motion, as with the brilliant
colors plowing like living fire in the sun
lijrht. the imperious Queen ordered that
the tails all be struck oft and mounted In
trold wands as fans. After that time the
queer's burners used nothing but these
mounted pcaco< ks' tails frith which to
fen their royal mistress. They surround
ed her throne by <lay. and her couch by
silent, and it «m» one of these very fn
voxed personal attendant.* who procured
the .trp with which royal Egypt ended
her stmr.fc nr.d romantic history. Among
other fans cf remote history is one chron
icled in the annals of Grecian mythology,
the fan at llchn of Troy, which had in
Its cenf-r a tiny plat" of burnished silver,
this being before the time of looking
jrlassrs. This was a very favorite orna
rut'St for the renter of a fan, and Pop
r.aea, Xero's extravagant v.-ife, possessed
rurh a one, as did aleo the famous beauty,
Lucrczia Borgia.
TurninR' from mytholcpy to more nu
thintic history, v.e know that the first '
country Sn Europe Into which the fan was
introduced was Spain, where It was
brought by the Moorish tribes, and to thfs
£ay no woman in all the world under
ftar.fls how to handle her fan as does the
Spanish bfautj". whose manejo del aba
nico 'manipulation cf the fan); and whose
wearing of the mantilla, or lace scarf.
Bfgtnp her among all women of the world
as the mo.-t graceful. A{;aln, among all
women in Spain, none has so exquisitely
cractful haudlins of her fan as the fair
Anualusian. who is supposed to, possess
rome peculiar twist In her wrist which
accounts for the happy movement. This
Is all the more remarkable when wo re
member that Spanish fans are the heav
iest and largest of all— of gay and bril-
Iiar.t coJorings. and oftentimes with*
heavy carved sticks. Whilo It was the
custom In France to write a verse or
motto on the fan itself, in Spain the same
was often carved on the fan sticks.
Although Spain Is and always has been
the home of the fan, by far the greatest
cumber of fans have been manufactured*
Jhe Age of the Siarih.
Until altr.ost the beginning ot the pres
ent century the general belief in all Chris
tian countries was that not only the earth
and man but the whole cosmos began to
exist about six thousand to seven thou
sand years ago; furthermore, that all was
made at once without natural process,
?nnd has remained substantially, un
changed ever since. This is the old doc
trine of the supernatural origin and sub
stantial permanency of the earth and Its
features. Among intelligent and espe
cially scientific men this doctrine, even in
the eighteenth century, began to be ques
tioned, although not -publicly; for in 1751
Buffon was compelled by the Sorbonne to
retract certain views concerning the ago
of the earth, published- in - his "Natural
History" in 1743. Remnants of the old be
lief lingered even into the early^ part of
the present century, and may even yet be
found hiding away in some of the remote
corners of civilized ' countries. - But -with
the birth of geology, and especially
through the work of Hutton In Scotland.
Cuvier in France and William Smith in
England, the much greater— the incon
ceivably great— antiquity of the earth and
the origin of its present forms, by gradual
changes which are still going on, was gen
erally acknowledged. Indeed, as already
eald, this is the fundamental idea of geol
ogy, without which it could not exist as
a science.— Professor Joseph Le Conte of
the University of California, in Appletons'.
*?r^ MONO the most Interesting relies
i \\ »!:!ch th» queens of the earth
Jj have left to posterity the fan
Cake* an cat^ first place. The
fair .ind famrd ones of the world
have, from Unr.e immemorial, count
*<i the fan among their most valued and
rfiess:;ry possessions. Thus we find In
i!s:s particular adjunct of feminine adorn
mtnt a peculiar characteristic of the
t:mcs anc'. habits of each century. From
ihe s»:rerb fans formed of peacocks'
feathers belonging to -Cleopatra, to the
tlainty trifle of gems and chlckr-n skin
which fluttered in the finpers of the Vont
rafi'iur. is a far cry; and between the two
lie many stories and Ijisloriciil. .legends
wlih h form most tcsc'.anxing reading. In
rtcod..few objects have played a more 'm
portant or prominent part in history than
the fan. snd it spciik. indeed, that the
fcinps and statesmen f<f the world have al
vraya b^cn prone to fall before its de
lusive flutter. The coquettish tap of a
cleverly manipulated fan has wiled many
e state secret out of the heart of the
diplomatist, and has possibly led to more
court tntrlguej than anything else ever
baa done. The three countries which all
claim to have "invented"— if on* may use
the term— the fan, are China, Japan. and
India. Historians are at a loss to de
cide to which land shall really be ac
corded the honor.
The great antiquity of China would lead
ts to believe that the coveted right be
longs to her, yet there Is no doubt that
tr.e fan has played an important part in
Bl'i the religious ceremonies of India from
the remote ages. Indeed the faithful In
dian tells us how one of Us daughters,
a handmaid of Buddha, waved palm leaves
round the god to create a current of air
about him. There is no doubt whatever
that the ortpinal fan was simply n palm
lenf. which became more ornate and cov
ered with decorations as the time went
on. The first authentic mention of his
torical fans comes to us from the royal
crchives of Chir.tt. where it Is proclaimed
the right of the Emperor alone to use a
fan of pure sold, ornamented with the
royal scarlet and purple. The nobles of
his court us*»d white fans, while yellow
ones were the faVorite color for the
ladies.
It was left to the gortrrous. color-loving
Cleopatra, luxurious Epypt. to invent the
fan which remained closest to the hearts
of the feminine world for many genera
tions—the fan of peacocks' feather?.
Vt'alklrg one day in the gardens of her
palace, that wonderful palace of which
history relates to us that Its floors were
of marble nnd jade, and Inlaid with pre
cie.us moiies. and its columns of mother
of-poarl # and gr»ld. the great queen saw
hrr peacocks waving their tails in the
DAINTY FANS OF FAMOUS QUEENS
THE COQUETTE'S DEADLIEST WEAPON
in Paris*, where they may cost anything
from 2 francs to 10.000. Nowadays It is
computed that the manufacture of
fans in Paris alone Is lO.OOO.OOO francs per
annum Perhaps the most expensive of
all fans were those used about the time
of Louis XIV. XV and XVI. Some of
these were painted on various fine skins,
or silks, with sticks of solid gold. Inlaid
with precious stones or carved moth'er
of-pearl. The painting's on many of these
fan? are historical in their value, the
world celebrated Watteau having painted
many, as did also the Spanish artist.
Cana de Ar»valo. and many other Italian
and French artists. One of the most ex
quisite fans- ever m*»de was used by Ma
rie Antoinette.; It was* of French manu
facture, composed of painted medallions
of chicken skJn. let into a design of price
less lac»\ which was literally Incrusted
with jewels. The gold carved sticks had
the royal insignia of France on one side
in diamonds and pearls, while on the
other was the crest and arms of an Aus
trian grand duchess. Marie Antoinette's
rark before marriage.
Balzac characterizes this fan as the
handsomest of all famous fans. The paint
ed medallions alone were worth a fabulous
sum. and were painted by Le Flamand,
representing episodes In the life of Alex
ander the Great. This fan was presented
to Marie Antoinette by the city of Dieppe
on the occasion of the birth of the dau
phin in 17S5. The Justly celebrated fan of
the Pompndcur ivas one of the most won
derful—and certainly one of the mest
costly — ever made. It is* of Italian origin.
Klpht or nine years were consumed In
maklner it. the whole cost being about
£6000. Each eectlon, in addition to the
priceless embroidery, was decorated with
a masterpiece of miniature painting.
From the lime of Queen Elizabeth's
rpign the dress of no fashionable lady en
grande tenue appears to have been com
plete In England without the addition of
a fan. Humor has it that her sister—
"Blooey Mary," the censort of Philip of
Spain — introduced it to this country, she
having learned its use from the Spanish
ladies In her court. At any rate. It ap
pealed greatly to Elizabeth, who Is paint
od with a round feather fan In her por
trait at Gorhamburg. while In the inven
tory taken In 1605 of her effects mention Is
made of twenty-seven fans. At this period
the fan was only known in two forms— the
circular fan and the small folding fan,
which was invented In Japan. It had a
various number of blades, sometimes only
four, sometimes as many as eighteen, but
during the eighteenth century these in
creased to twerity-six or twenty-eight. A
fan much In fashion about the period of
Louis XIV waa the "evential brise," so
named because the f^n had no mounts,
but was simply made up of the stick,
which was elaborately carved;" painted or
decorated with finely cut leather work in
the shape of flowers'. A .very interesting
specimen of this period was exhibited' in
the collection of Mme. Duchatel in South
Kensington In 1S70. It was a. fan given to
Mme. de Grlgnart by her mother, Mme. de
Scvique. who describes it in one of her
letters an of the style known as Vernis
Martin, the subjects being a "Promenade"
and the "Toilette of Venux." These Ver
nis Martin fans are the most precious of
tho period, and to-day a fine specimen of
the class will command from £50 to£100.
To inspire a spiritless race like this with
the desire to help itself is not the least
among the multitudinous trials of the
famine relief officer.. But there is an
other and still more trying test of that
much abused officer's patience. I refer,
of course, to the national habit of hoard
ing, which will fully account for quite
one-half of the incredible misery to which
these poor wretches are reduced In times
of scarcity.
The origin of the habit is, to say the
least, interesting. Unlike we Britishers,
the Hindoos have always been content to
give the best to their despotic rulers. WhITe
we in the west were laying the founda
tions of our parliaments and teaching our
rulers, by force when necessary, that they
ruled only by sufferance and from no in
herent divine right, the passive Hindoo
lay patiently groaning under the exac
tions of his native rajahs.
THE present struggle in South Africa
has done much to distract attention
from the fearful ravages of the In
dian famine. There Is. however, one
point In connection with this periodic
scourge which Britishers would do well
to bear in mind, says a prominent mem
ber of the Indian Civil Service in Pear
son's Weekly.
STARVING HINDOOS HOARD GOLD.
The horrible cruelties and extortions ot
these potentates are well known to every
student of Indian history. Nobody's per
son or property was secure from their
depredations, and the whole of Hlndostan
became one vast chamber of horrors. Then
it was that the Hindoo became a miser.
It was useless for him to invest his
money in horses, lands or beautiful dwell-
ing places; they could be too quickly torn
from him. He must concentrate his wealth
into the smallest possible space, and bury
it deep beyond the range of the reignine
Moguls, or the cut-throat Mahrattas' ra
pacity.
Hence It was that the Hindoo converted
all his belongings Into useless gold or sil
ver, and became the miser that he Is to
day, lor although the strong rule of the
white man has stayed the grasping hand
of the rajah, the habit of centuries has
been found less easy to grapple with and
the Hindoos are, to a man, misers in tha
most far-reaching sense of the word.
The actual figures of these centuries of
hoarding— for it must not be forgotten
that probably fifty per cent ot the poor
wretches delay until too late the secret
of their hoarded riches, which are thus
lost, both to their families, and. indirect
ly, to India and the world at large— ara
astounding. * •
In 1SS2 the British Government tried to
get tola literally "burled treasure" into
circulation by offering abnormally high,
rates of interest, but habit was too strong
and the experiment was a complete fail
ure. A short time later it was reported
to the Royal Commission on Bimetallism
that during the previous half century
£130,000,000 in gold and £170,000.000 In silver
or £300,000,000 in all had been imported
into India.
Now. It Is a significant fact that while
India will greedily swallow any amount
of precious metal, she has never been,
known to systematically disgorge any.
Consequently it may fairly be assumed
that practically the whole of this huge
store of wealth was Imported In order to
replace money withdrawn from circula
tion. *
In passing It should be noted that the
total amount of coin circulating in tha
world at that time was estimated by Dr.
Soetbeer at £1.000.000.000. Hence. In tha
brief space of fifty years India was able to
bury practically on»-thlrd of the world's
money. Just how much she has amass
ed in this way during the countless cen
turies of oppression under which her sub
ject races have groaned It is impossible)
to estimate.
The hoards generally take one of two
forms— Jewelry or actual coin. The for
mer range from the familiar silver ban
gles of the poorer class Hindoo to tha
massive gold and Jeweled Idols of the rul
ing classes. This is considered by the
wily Hindoo to be the most satisfactory
form of saving. The Jewels pay no in
come tax. are pleasant to the eye, form
the daughter's dowry and are treasured
in each •family every whit as much as our
own heirlooms.
On the other hand, coins get out of data
and have been, known to depreciate in
value— the rupee, for instance. Although
their owners have no Intention of again
putting' them into circulation, they ara
nevertheless sharp enough to appreciate
this diminution in the value of their store.
. It is the same all over India. Tho
wealthiest merchants are frequently tha
smallest givers to their famine stricken
brethren.
Miss Rawlston confesses that tha
change makes her as nervous as a witch. !
"I can let my heart go pit-a-pat," she
says, "but I must control my hand." Th«
leist fumbling .would spoil the whola
thing, for when one part goes wrong the
charm is lost, and everything goes at
sixes and sevens.
If it takes nine tailors to make a man,
what does it take to make a manly lady?
It takes a woman's wit and patience.
There is Just one word that expresses
Miss Rawlston's change. She peels her
clothes as easily and deftly as one would
peel a banana. "Peel" Is the only way to
express it.
Twenty-seven seconds for the first
change and twenty-eight seconds for the
second. Imagine it, ye victims of the un
ruly collar button— ye toilers of trouble
some ties. Twenty-seven seconds for a
complete change! Thank your stars, sirs,
you're not equal to it. It would mean
Just so much longer to wait for madaxne.
It's vposltlvely exciting to watch her.
Xot a finger falters: not a motion Is
wasted. It Is neat and secure, every frac
tion of a second put to telling use. Mora
precise than military drill, quick as
thought, and presto change! She says
"ready." and is on the stage.
coat and her maid was handing her— but
there! I have almost told. Never mind
the details. It was Interesting enough as
a whole.
mlSS ZELMA RAWLSTON Is a
very gentlemany little iaSy. k
And by the crease of her
trousers, the cut of her coat, by
the part of her hair and the tilt of her
cane she Is thoroughly up to date. As
dapper a youth as ever flirted a thumb
ring.
Lightning change artist, male Imper
sonator, is Miss Rawlston's title in full.
Which is nothing new under the vaude
ville sun. But Miss Rawlston is the "real
thing," and therefore her popularity and
plump salary. Other "lightning change"
When . a woman's looks will stand ;the
shock of, a shorn head ."you maypalnt r lt
on her tombstone, you. may carve it on
her card, that : her beauty can , never be
marred." (With apologies to Kipling.) ¦
-There was a hurried rap on ; the door, a
whispered "You next,'' and ' Miss Rawl
ston bounded out of "her chair, rushed
Into. her man's suit and in five minutes
by. the watch stood In the wings ready to
go on. "Don't call that, quick," she
laughed, "but watch me really do the
change."
It was no slight favor to be allowed to
watch Miss Hawlston do the lightning
glide from one swell ' : suit to another.
Among /the rank and file of lightning
change, artists it would.be a boon highly
prized to watch this prince of the craft.
But there are secrets in every trade and
Miss Rawlston Jealously guards her meth
ods from the fraternity and proudly keeps
her V prestlge as the quickest of them all.
"I've worked . too hard." says Miss
Rawlston, "getting it down to a fine
point to be willing to share the secrets
of my success." It took, long, hard study
to get my present speed. Just where- to
The last note of her first song still hung
in air, when she had thrown off hat and
It was only after Miss Rawlston had
been promised her method of placing her
clothes and the ingenious tricks in their
cut would not be divulged that she con
sented to give the peep behind the scenes.
"The three changes I make are from
head to foot. The tailor and I had. to put
our beads together very frequently to de
sign clothes most adaptable to the pur
pose, yet outwardly like an ordinary suit.
My clothes cost many sleepless nights;
each new suit was an improvement on
its predecessor, until now I think I have
them down to perfection."
But with men's clothes it's different. I
must look Just the correct thing, and
wearing duplicates spoils the fit and ruins
the swell effect. .%,
» ¦¦-.''¦
"It's one thing to do the change in wo
man's costume, for a number of the gar
ments can be worn at the same time with
out showing. It's simply taking off lay
ers and adding a trifle here and there.
"Four years ago. when I went into vau
deville after three years' experience on
the legitimate, I made my hit by mascu
line impersonations, changing from female
to male, and back again. I began to no
tice that they liked me best as a man.
and I dropped the other entirely. .
place each garment, Just how and In what
order to put them on. needed no small
amount of experimenting.
THE QUICKEST LIGHTNING CHANGE ON RECORD
THE STJND&Y iCAXIi,
17*?T IS a very curious thing that white
I American actors are constantly re
•11 proaehed by the foreign with the
lack of versatility, which Is alleged to
constitute the main difference 'between
foreign and American artists, the New
York writers do not seem to remember
the exhibitions of that quality furnished
by artists of their own country-
Mr. liansfie!d'6 versatility Is much
heralded, but that Is because most of his
appearances In new parts have occurred
elnce he was a "star," and he was not
<Sej>«rdeEt u?on Out X#w York critical
WHO
PART
OF SVSNGW
know the whole play, the relation of. tn«
characters, not only In their bearing upon
my part, but In their attitude to each
other.' ~\
I then try to saturate myself with the
form of expression of the man and to> sur
round myself in imagination with hi3 con
ditions and environment.
Then he begins to take a form before
my eyes. I can see how he walks, how ha
dresses, how he sits down and sets op.
and all of these physical manifestations
are governed by the nature and feeling of
the man. He Is always before^ me. an
"eidolon," a real character whom I am
attempting to Imitate.
Very often at rehearsal an actor «ay»
cf his own conduct of a scene, "Not a bit
like it."
CHANGS :
RSQUTR5S '
MORE TF^N
OP THE PAC5-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
So that there Is only one consolation oC
which an earnest worker may be sum.
Remember the lines of Longfellow In the
"Building of the Ship":
For his heart k»s in his work.
And the heart glveth grace to every art
WILTON LACKAYE.
In many respects It is heartbreaking
for unfortunately In thl?, as in other arts,
success Is not- always to the deserving,
and we have not the revenge of more en
during arts-s-judgment of posterity— for
the actor's fame is a bubble, less sub
stantial when it looks most brilliant.
In my mind, the only excuse for being
on the stage Is to love It with a love
which cannot be denied.
Not a bit like what? "Wnat'aoes tne
actor mean when he says this?
He means that he 'has created out of
the intention of the author a phantom
which he Is always pursuing and whtch 13
constantly eluding him. and when he finds
for the moment that his mimetic art
cannot reproduce this Image that Is before
him he says, "Not a bit like It." And
that is my conception of the "it" to which
actors refer when they are speaking of
their own work. Of course, when they
are criticizing some other actor, that, as
Mr. Klplins would , say, "is - another
story."
This custom um originated by a man
whff had a p trangcly realistic dream, in
which it "was revealed to him that some
calamity would befall his house on a cer
tain day. . Wishing to avoid this unknown
but inevitable disaster, he took his family
to a neighboring hilltop and amused the
children by flying a kite. When he re
turned home that night he found that his
house had literally fallen to the ground,
thus killing all the dogs and pigs that had
been left at home to keep house. That
pet the fashion, and since then whenever
the anniversary of that day comes around
other families, remembering the providen
tial escape of their countryman, fly their ,
kites from the hills In the belief that as «
the paper toys ascend they will carry off
the evil epirits that might otherwise de.
molish their own houses and bury them
xn.tts ruins should at home..
There is ocic time of the year when
e\-ery boy twiuld' not object to becoming
a. subject of the Chinese empire for Just
one day. This time is the ninth day of the
ninth month, according to the Chinese
calendar. On this qay a kite-flying fes
tival is heJd.
Chinese Kite flyers.
for pufc!!clty, n«v!n; always
ll:a<J his own press pgent, who called th*
|fittcr.t<on of the public to the wide divcr
,elty of the ro'tfs in/which he appeared.
Mr. James Hearne. Mr. YV. J. Le Moyne. •
i Mr. William H. Thompson, Mr. W. J.
(Ferguson. Mr. E M Holland and the late
Mr. C. \jc. Clcrcq. have all ployed a num
ber of roles which were widely different
In character, conception and "make up."
The "make up." as we call the dressing
. of th« jiart. the paintins * <sometime.«
mciolir^t Ot tho face, effective though It
may bp. is the Klightost part of the change
In "charaeur." Ofton the walk, the ges
tures, the tni'.nnfr. the oyos, the voice —
nay. the very feeling— must be changed
to r.s to merge completely the individu
ality of th« actor In the Identity of the
characterization. This is the hardest task
—the accomplishment of this, the real
test, of th«> r-rtlst. for if acting be "to
assume that which 'does not belong; to us
«f our nature, but to present the form and
feature of the vision and give tangible
reality, to the imaginary creation of th©
author," as Colley Cibber defined his art.
the players who go about the country ex
hibiting: a ctmically gifted pair of legs
or a handsome face in a play written to •
exhibit their peculiar selves have no
of the Shanghai conswuvatwah will now
tavorua^ with tha national hymn,"
It takes a day to sins the Chines© na
tional hymn. Sometimes people over there
say: "Let's take a day oft and enjoy the.
hymn." Bat they don't say it often. It's
hard to keep up enthusiasm for a twelve
hour stretch.
Of course they start In cheering vocifer
ously, and then they sort of weaken and
prow "hoarse and look at the clocks, and
lo! it's only half an hour since the blamed
thing began! And there are places further
on' where they ought to just get up and
yell, and they haven't the strength to &o
It. and probably they fall asleep long be
fore the grand patriotic climax is reached.
You can't expect to find much Fourth
of July Inspiration In a people wtlh a
ditty of that sort. And think of the strain
on the singers and the tomtommers!
Think of putting In a dozen hours on
, steady run of "hl-yahs-chlnsr-a-ring-a-chf
yahs!" And no let up for either breath or
chopsticks! And whacking a tin pan all
the time, too!
Think of going to a little evening out
and having the hostess say: "Miss Pekoo
Chinese National }kymn.
18
Ha had only stolen their clothes, moo •
value of versatility In broadening one's
art Is Incalculable. Any one can play Ro
meo better for having played a negro or
an Irishman.
You will find in nearly every case of a
sudden hit of an unknown actor that h«
has been working for years in road com
panies In some out-of-the-way place, stor
ing up a "bit of business" here, an Idea
of "make-up" there, a trick of elocution
in another part, until he has a fund of ex*
perience from which to draw when a met
ropolitan opportunity offers.
Mind you, I am not underrating genius.
Some great general said that "Providence
was usually on the side. of the best equip- I
ped army." I find that • genius . usually
perches on the'banner of the man who
works hardest and most intelligently and
who gets up earlier and goes to bed a
j little later than anybody else. This was
the case with Maud Adams, who "sud
"denly" made a hit in New York after hav
"lng been on the stage with Western com
panies since early childhood.
Ada. Lewis sprang into fame in a single
night, after having played in San Fran
clsco for years.
Julia Arthur made a sudden sensation
one day in New York at a matinee, after
having toured the world with Bandmann,
playing every conceivable klM of a part.
There are many other cases, but in aJ
most every Instance the "sudden hit" In
New York Is somebody who has been
playing for years somewhere else. /
In. fact, but for the numerous cheap
stock companies which have sprung up
recently we might despair of actors for
the coming decade. As it. is now their
tuition, though rather hard on the audi
ences of the present, bids fair promise for
the audiences of the future, which will '
perhaps estimate Its amusement at some
thing over 10 cents In value.
• In answer to a question how to attack
a part, I can only say:
I| don't kno'w what plan of study other
actors hsve, but the keystone of any suc
cess T have had is worki and again work.
I cannot stu<ly from a "part." I nauaf
¦:¦• :' ¦ ' - ¦
mor» right to be called actors than Mx«.
Lanctry or the esslfled man.
Not that I would exalt the "tricks" ol
character acting above the magnetism ol
the Individual, but I insist that, no mat
ter how powerful be an actor's ."persua-
Blon to his audience." "magnetism" or
whatever you may please to call It, unless
he conforms himself to the character h«
Is no true artist. .The Procrustean method
of cutting off tbe head of a part or
stretching its feet to fit tho Iron Inflexi
bility of an actor's "personality" is a
brutality to art which is not condoned by
the fact of its sometime commercial suc
cess.
It is the contention of many who ar%
' concerned in the "business" of the theater
that ah actor who "conceals" his char
acter is harder, to establish to the knowl
edge of the public than one who is always
the same in different settings. Whether
this be true or not, It has no bearing upon
the accusation in which foreigners have
put us on the defense. The question of
commercial advantage has no more place
In a discussion of art than art in a con
vention of soap boilers.
It is undoubted that many of our suc
cessful stars are exhibitors rather than,
artists. But even In their case we will
often discover that If we trace them back
a little they have deserted their natural
quality cr versatility to prosecute a
specialty which has met with unusual
public favor. I don't think there is any
such thing as a "straight" part.
If there isn't seme salient point In a
character, It isn't worth playing. We are
perhaps all alike In big things, but In
.-^fionessentlals," perhaps as to' Immediate
"effect, but very essential in formation of
character or side lights upon It, we are aa
different as the marks on oui thumbs. *
And If Bertillon can find such power in
his detail not only for Identifications but
for scientific criminology, how important
that detain to as who have but the mus
cles and the outward seeming to express
not only the physical characteristics of
the man but the working of his very soul.
I saw a prominent actor play in three
cveeks in New York a jockey, a poet and
Romeo!
They were all "leading" parts— straight
parts, in the language of the theater — and
he played them all alike.
He entertained hl3 audience, too; but he
.was not ""In the skin" of his characters.
STARTING EFFECTS OF MAKE-UP", L ' •- . . * ¦
bad about the needles. Coming back to
morrow?"
Outside there was a great exodus ' of
girls. They had come from all over the
building in " the different departments.
There were hundreds of them,: making
noise enough for so many magpies. .:
"HI there, Jennie," called one- girl,
"come on downtown with me before 6. 1
made enough to-day to buy that pink
shirtwaist— hurry up or 5 the store will b»
closed."
"Goodness gracious!" remarked another,
"how my wrists ache! But I made $1 65
to-day. I'm Betting, to "be the real thine.
Crackey. but my wrists do ache!" and she
disappeared Into the crowd, flipping her
hands In the air. '
"Going to. work, to-morrow?" asked a
quiet little creature beside me. "Come and
walkwith me. You are getting on fine. I
watched you. But I tell you.': you *¦ can
mr.ke more r money | at the'other|factory
string work don't pay. so well. I'm going
over to-morrow. You better, too, : as you
are Just starting in." . , .
I said I believed I. would; and left her
at tho : corner. She .went off down the
street , swinging h er 1 un c h baske t wl t h a
completed the ten cents' worth I "had
broken. Mr. Martin put another band on
for me and I went on. At half-past 5 the
whistle blew. It was time to go home. I
gathered up my tags and made out a little
account of my day's work, as follows:
6 dozen pockets, at 4 cents $ .20
7 dozen straps, at 3 cents 21
Total 1.41
¦
6 -needles broken, at 3 for 5 cents.... $ .10
One big wheel band 25
Total $ .33
Credit i 4 .41
Debit 35
Total earnings * .06
"Well," said I to myse!f. "the difference
is on the right side anyway," and I sijrhed.
There was a big laugh behind me. "Mak
ing lots of money?" inquired Mr. Martin.
"Well, sister, you mustn't get discour
aged. You do quite well." You'll bo bank
rupting the company some day. Come
back to-morrow and stay with it. You're
all right."
I went with the rest to gret paid, and
when it came my turn I presented my
modest little bunch of tags, representing
the sum of forty-one cents, and spoke of
the damages due the company. '"Yes, here
you are," said the cashier, tossing out a
nickel and a penny, ¦ "that's right. Too
needles and one over, and had yet made
but nine pockets and a half at the rate
of 4 cents a dozen. However, there
seemed to fee no time to brood over one's
troubles. The other girl was already
whirring away and had an appallingly
long Ftrin?r of pockets at the back oZ her
machine. I went to work again and
got on very well. All around me the gir!s
were working and chatting. It seemed
no work at all for them. Xow and then
I caught a prlanee of amusement. But
they were kind and did not laugh when
I was looking. At noontime I h?.d broken
another needle and finished forty-nine
pockets — 36 cents and a pocket to Kpare.
Most of the Klrls had brought lunclieon
In 'baskets and ate at the factory. The
noon hour was quite a Jolly one. The
chatter v.-as 5uch chatter as all girls chat
* ter. It was surprising'. I had heard of
) factory p'rls and had had my own ideas
c about how they would chatter. True
enough, there was an occasional Jarring
expression and from a liltle gTOup gath
ered over in a corner there came snatches
of loud laughUT and coarse talk. They
had gathered over there from natural se
lection. The rest were of a different
grade.
"How murh can you make a day?" I
asked of the girl who had untangled my
thread. • ;
"Me?" asked she. "Oh. I make all the
way from a dollar to a dollar and a half.
I can zip It pretty fast."
"Most of us can make a dollar." said
cnother eirl, "it depends on how lazy you
are, and. of course, some girls are natur
ally quicker."
"I don't believe there's to much money
in string work as there is in making the
¦whole phcoting match." said a girl with
an immense amount of pink ribbon un
der her ear. fairing a big bite off a
randwlch. "I think I'm jrolrur to quit here
this week and try making the whole
thin?, over in the other factory. Lizzie
Beetles makes a dollar and six bits a day.
Y'u get 93 cents a <2cz«n for lightweight •
overalls and a dollar for the XX. Let's
all chuck It here an* go ever."
"Xot much. Mat," answered the girl
¦*£o had first epoken. "you bet. we don't.
are going to stick to string work.
Look what a good, old chap Martlr. Is."
Martin was the man in charge. -I
learned that there was no "bOBs" proper.
Every girt could do as much work as she
chose Eh» was the architect of her own
lone trrfslc^ raveling training behind. 1
went heme to scour the blue stain from
my han«5s«and rest up. My wrists, too.
were tired. - - ,
Next morning at 8 I was at the other
factory. There was no trouble getting
work. There Is a big sign cv*r the door
advertislrg for mere Klrls a'nu there »r^
some sevrn hundred there already. This
time I was given tin? pieces for an entire
pair of • overalls and set to work. The
machine tn-haved jilcely and I progressed.
The ¦ .girls were laughing and talking a*
they worked.
"Oh, "Ella." said one. "f Just sot an
answer to that letter I p»K In a pocket
last Christmas. He's a young follow on
n farm away over in Arizona. I think
I'll write." ' f
I did not catch, the reply, but heard
more confldpnces. It , seems there hart
been a great deal of spurt derived from
placing letters in the pockets of the over
alls—cheering missives to the prospective
owners. .' . • ¦
• "Do you remember the Bis Swede that,
came to see Jos'e?" laughed some one—
'and the way he said *Ay ben got a lat
ter in that pockett from tha yung laady.
Ilaak toe see Miss Yosie Yones. I yuat
come from Yeorgetown, and" I ben tank
I look for a vooman to keep my house.
I ban got 'married.".
¦ "Yes; and Kittie's cowboy. Kit nearly
fell dead when she saw the guns in his
belt and the bowie-knife. What a neck
tie he did' have! 'And he'd been cele
brating—hadn't he. Kit?"
/"Celebrating? Well, he was feeling
frlorious. I had to pass him on to the
next street,' and was afraid he'd come
back any minute. I sat at the window
scared to death all afternoon."
But there had been one real romance.
It was a small sister that caused It.
"To the young man that buys the over
alls," she wrote. "Dear si'-: I hope you
are yung and handsura and good, and
will com« and fall in love with my sister;
she is so good and works so hard all day
to make cur bread '& butter.' I am shure
If you knew my sl3ter you would want
to marry her. I will put this In the over
alls pockett that she rrakes when I go to
the factory, and if you ain't a' Swede like
Josle got, come to see Ada and me and
marry her. Then she won't haf to work.
And I can go to scool. Yours truly.'
"ETTIE GANN, 7— Harrison street. S. F."
The young man was hot a Swede, "like
Josie got," but a very nice young fanner
.'uily around thh edges of the pockets,
they seemed positively a thing of beauty.
My elation was such that the girl next to
me had made half another pair before I
realized how much time I had lost In con
templation of my handiwork. At noon I
had nearly finished another pair and had
an appetite that made nee regret the size
of the luncheon J had brought.
"Won't you try some of my jelly?" In
vited the slrl next to me. as we spread *
out our lunches. "Please do — how do you
like the work— ever tried it before?"
I answered her questions and we chat
ted sociably.
"I tell you. I feel pretty well satisfied."
she confided. "Why. I think the girls who
work in stores arc awfully foolish. They
tire themselves to death for wages that
no one could live on. Most of them
wouldn't hear to this kind of work, but
they don't know how fooli3h they are. It
was a long time before I would do It. I
had r. sort of pride. I used to be a sten
ographer."
"And wliat was the matter with sten
ography? Didn't It pay as well?"
"Well, no; there are only a few posi
tions worth having. There's nothing ia
stenography and typewriting unless you.
are mighty lucky to get a good place— and
I'll tell you," she whispered, leaning her
pretty face close to mine, "girls can work
nere without havinc to go to French din
ners* to hold tl'elr Jobs!"
I ate an apple tart.
The afternoon work began and the ma
chines rattled on. Down the long line of
machines big blue overalls were pouring
out from behind and every one working
with a will. I caught, the spirit of tha
thing and sewed madly. Each girl wa*
crowding as many stitches to the minuta
as she possibly could. It was a race with
time for ninety cents to the dozen. At
• ttve minutes to 5 I had completed tha
fifth pair of overalls! It was not worth
while to commence another. I had made
37H cents! There was the item of the
broken band. 20 cents, leaving me a bal
ance of 17Vi cents. Not very much, it is
true I thought, as I presented my tags at
the window, but it is ll^i cents better than
yesterday, and if I kept on. well, there
would be no limit to the money I might
The'experfenced girls were Jingling their
dollars and extra flfty-cent pieces In an
» encouraging way, and they all had some
thing kind to say about the speed I would
attain In a day or so. That would have
been very nice Indeed, if I had really been
in search of work. The factory girl Is not
at all the color she is painted. Good luck
be with her, and may the number of over
all tags to her credit ever grow larger.
NAN BTXBEB.
tive Mattle. "nur we can't make her out.
She won't talk to. nobody. Seems to be
too proud. Guess she thinks she's too
good to make overalls."
"Now, Mat," said a pleasant-faced girl
next to me, "ycu don't know what you're
talkin' about. She may have troubles of
her ovrzu 'Tain't any one's business if
she wants to keep to herself. Maybe she's
blue Rn' had bad luck. I didn't always
work in a factory, either."
In the course of the afternoon I gathered
In a nr.mber of tags. A tag was given
for each dozen pieces. I had finished
another dozen pockets and had started in
on buckle straps for a change. They were
three cents per dozen and I could .turn
them out pretty fast. I was turning them
out particularly fast about 3 o'clock when
something dreadful happened. There was
a bang, a whir-r-rr-r and a spinning
sound. Somethins seemed to have gone
wrong with the machine. I had broken
the big wheel band and another needle.
That wf.s twenty-flve cents more to the
debit side of my account and the needla
fortune. Presently the machines began to
hum again. The ambitious girls were go
ing to work. Among them was a pale,
tall girl that had nothing to say and didn't
work very fast. She, too, had difficulty
with her pockets.
"We dunno who she Is." said the talka-
Hard Work and Romance
hiat Have Goifae
Maud ill Hand Evee to
the Sewae^ of
a Jumper Pocket Resialtiirag
in a Happy Wedding,
WELL, what do you want?"
"I want a 'yob.' "
The manager smiled. "Well."
said he. "I guess we can find
you a 'yob.' Ever run a steam power or
electric machine?"
-No."
'•Sewing machine?"
I had. so it was all right. He would put
me to work right away, only I must go
home and get an apron and a pair of scis
- rs; and I must not wear my nice
¦ :otbep. The manager was very kind about
thi» advice. I had never found a "yob"
eo easy to get.
The next morning- at a quarter to S
I was there. I had my apron and scis
sors, and 1 did not wear my nice clothes.
The girls were pouring in and getting set
tled at their machines.
The man in charge led me to a vacant
place in the pocket and strap department
and put me to work. I was one of a long
row of girls, the rest all working away,
the machines humming and string? of
completed pockets running out from be
hind the needles, But I was a beginner,
and had to learn how to put on the power
and take it off properly, with a pressure
of the foot, and my pocket.* did not come
out very fast. My w<>rk was heaped up
In a stack beside me and everything
rea< 3y— the blue scraps of ov.erall cloth
and the bright yellow thread. I put in
a pocket, pressed ihfc pedal, and away
went the machine. Simultaneously there
was a zip and a cracking sound, and
away went a needle also. The man put
in another one, and tcld me to take it
Flower, not to pull on the cloth, and tG
turn oft* the power quick if I started tho
peam crooked. After smashing threi'
nec-dies and working an intricate flora*
pattern in cne of the pockets. I got falri^
started, and was left to my own de« s
vices. The pockets began to slide out
behind in quite a respectable string, and
I was beginning to feel as If I was mak-j
Ing money. Pockets were 4 cents perl
dozen.
Presently my thread got tangled up ar.il
pop went another needle. The girl next
to me kindly Btopped work and cave me
a nw pointers. "You must be careful,",
said she, "needles count up. and you know
we have to buy them, three for a nickel.
Just so slow and you're all right. Look
out how you turn on the power,. If you
break that big wheel band it's two bits.
The little one is 20 cents."
That was cheerful. For all I could see
my liabilities threatened to exceed my
eewis. I had broken 5 cents' worth of
Nam Byxlbee
.Writes.
Wlho Toil
With
the Sewieg
Machine.
It was a very pretty little story, but lis
tening to it cost me twenty cents. I had
not controlled the power right and had
broken the little wheel band. How very
large a pair of overalls are any way! I
sewed away Industriously and slowly the
garment began to evolve Itself. At last
they were done— to the last stitch. I held
them up and surveyed them triumphantly.
Behold. I had made a pair of overalls.
"With their two rows of yellow stitching
not so very even, it la true, down the side,
and more yellow stitching twistlnc grace-
from th« foothills, and he kept thinking
about that letter a lot. One day he dress
ed up In his best clothes and took the
train for San Francisco and. sought out
the address. He knocked timidly at the
door and asked for little Ettie Gann.
"I'm her," said the neat little girl who
opened the door. "Who're you?"
"I have come about the letter," he
answered, handing the scrawl to her. "X
bought the overall*."
"Oh," paid Ettle, Jumping up and down
and clapping her hands together. Then
she invited him into the tidy little
kitchen, and when Ada came home thare
was a splendid supper on the table. The
young man had got lots of things from
the grocery and butcher shop and bakery,
and he and Ettie had made the supper.
It was not a bit awkward after Ettle had
explained and been forgiven. Now Ada
is mistress of a nice little country home,
and Ettle trudges off to school every
morning, very happy over her match
making, and wearing a large pink sun
bonnet.
EXPERIENCES AS A WORKER IN AN OVERALL FACTORY
THE SUNDAY CAM;.
19I/as Carried in op a
/Isle's BaeK and
alp a
fc^^*^ Around It.
white. f
"Come another 500 to 15O.~
"I'll go you." and Jack Arnold hel<t
stakes.
The gambler led off with four points,
Billy miscued.
"Ha! ha!!" laughed h!3 opponontl
"you're nervous. Have another 50<X Comet
E00 to 150— no— 500 to 100."
"Done!" said the boy, and Arnold hel<J{.
$500 more.
The gambler shot and made two. Tn«*«
he laughed and Billy made a point.
"Good! you're improving. Another 5C5
to 100 I'll beat you."
A murmur ran through th© crowd a£
$600 more was placed with tha stake*
holder.
Then Billy began to play billiards. Th*
players were tie at the fifteen notch, &n<S
the boy made five points more.
".Want to bet, another ?500?/' ha aske<$
ROMANCE OF THE FIRST BILLIARD TABLE IN OREGON
THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.
By and; by the young >:man {could -dis
count his preceptor;}but- he never, boast
ed of his art. I ! He"; was awkward 'and , shy.
was thte lad^ibut somehow^he" rarely; lost
a game— never ,. r whenyblg£ stakes « were ,
posted.? ¦ And the' strangest/. things^ about
him was that, he" could j never /make any
one .believe -; that ho • could /'play ;ylt. waa
that awkward and shy way he had about
¦ him. ¦ • * ':'-".'"' -.^'-^ITlrJ'.'^r..:!"." * % ~ .~""" .**"'"
When Martinez recovered from his grief
his business head got into motion again.-'
He buried Anita and then set up the table ;
as a monument.to thfe falthfult animal's
memory-; It '.was, not long before a shanty"
was run up over tho table arid . it re
quired, only a- few;, days ¦ more ," to' get
enough whisky to dignify the shanty, with
the name of saloon! Far and wide.Alar
tlnez spread the news -that there was, to
be an opening on Saturday" night in honor
of the only billiard table in Southern Ore-
And what an opening was there! There
were music 'and danciny.' and: singing and
drinking,: and, a~."punching\of the ivor-.
ies.'' The other saloons in the neighbor
hood had to close down for.' the "> night. |
The table became; the "proper.- thing"
in the diggings, .and there 'was a line ¦of
players' every night i waiting for* a'chance
to get a cue. At. length a'saloonman took
the table and;shanty off "Martinez'^ hands
and gave lessons In billiards. _ His ',. most
apt pupil was a lad to whom he had given
employment. He -learned /like; sixty. i
man who had employed him. He. demand
ed recompense for Anita. The man de
manded his, table.. There, were not strong
men enough In the country to carry the
table over to Althouse, and nobody want
ed to buy It. ' ,
?hey let it drop It fell not on "Anita's
back". The wise old mule had sidestepped.
Try as they might, they could not get It
on that way, but no mule ever, fooled
wise old Martinez Ions. He rigged up a
'block and tackle and with. the aid of a
stout limb hauled the table Into the air.
Then Anita was backed under the table
and the rest was easy.
l-*or three days the pack worked .to a
charm. At night the table was removed
and In the morning reloaded. On the
third evening the train stopped at Rattle
sn.ike Bend, about a mile from WaldoJ
The pack stampeded— all except Anita.
Martinez knew that Anita would keep
right on to Waldo and he left her, to her
own resources while he Joined 'his' men
In the roundup of the runaways.
Anita was not to be found when two
hours later the train arrived at Waldo.
A search of -two hours failed to find her.
"All right," said the philosophical Mar
tinez, "she can sleep with her load," and
he. rolled over in'hls blankets.
Martinez's anguish knew no bounds. He
cursed himself; he cursed the mule, then
apologized '• to the memory of Anita and
went over to Althouse Creek 1 to curse the
They found her next morning eight miles
away from Waldo. She had slept with her
load; she was still 'sleeping. For, a matter
of fact, she had carried "her last burden;
she was 'quite dead.
He loaded up a miscellaneous lot of
etuff on hJs mules and then It came Ani
ta's turn. Now the gentle Anita had never
f.cen a billiard table, but was wise enough
to know that It was going to be no snap
• to' lug that thing- across the mountains;
Elcht men elevated the table, but when
The sijrht of the queer looking package
staggered the packer, but he reflected
that it would not stagger Anita, and If not
all would be well. So he ripped out a
c tr5r.fr of Spanish oaths to help the thing
along, then he got his men and 6ixty odd
mulcsin line, for he was tljfe director of
a erreat pack train. ¦%
So paid Martinez and he readily made
a contract to fetch the table over the
divide as far as Sailors Diggings at Wal
do Well.
At length one enterprising fellow con
ceived the scheme of Importing a billiard
table from Can Francisco. It was an easy
matter, he nrgued. to get the table to
Crescent City by water, but how to get
the machine owr the divide! He sought
eld Martinez, the best packer in South
ern Oregon. Martinez had a mule, Anita,
the pride of his life. Anything'that Anita
cou'dn't pack could net find Its way Into
Southern Oregon.
oros sat up nights thinking how to best
his neighbor Jn attractions to allure the
precious dust from the pans of the pros
pectors.
He played. remarkably lucky one • night .
with - a . big miner who had . played - Eome .
billiards back East.. It cost him. a hun
dred dollars ; to ; learn that he, could- not
play much billiards out West.; The. miner
got: mad and made a swipe, at the ¦ lad.
with his cue.' Before -he -could -I follow -up
the'attack Jim Andrews, one of the best
fe'llowstln' the camp,, caupht" the cue. >;
""None 'of that. Jack Arnold," said Jim,
looking him in the eye.
The men glared at each other, <., and
everybody' gathered around, looking for
trouble.^ Jim was a \ popular <: fellow.,' He .
stood about a feet 10, and was well and >
muscularly built. ?He had, the reputa- j
tiori" of being fearless. Jack Arnold. was _
known to, be quick and handy with ¦¦ his '••.
gun, and had ma4e the boast that:, he ,
was afraid of no man. But they, said'that.
he was ! not V a bad sort ' of fellow. " His
heart was; all right. , He. never- flinched ;
before thelother man's gaze. For a;mo
menti there was fire in" his eye, then: his .
•look softened. and a smile illumined his ,
not. unhandsome face." : : *..
'.'you're, right, Jim; _ he beat me square.
Billy ,' excuse me. r Come," boys,- have one ,
with me." I .
,Then ¦ there was ::¦ a cheer, and while
drinks', were' being served Billy stole up
to' Andrews .'and '.. said simply:
. ; "Thank. you, Jim."
Jim Andrews had one of the best Claims ;
in the diggings.-' He liked Ao " see every- -
-body:* happy, and } he» enjoyed /himself , In V
his" own -way. . He drank .very little " and -,
'•was': never known gamble. Some ?
months before : - the above . occurrence there
had ; come into u the-< diggings ; a pretty,
black-eyed girl, beautiful of form" and •-
with a ravishing smile that set; the. hearts';
of the miners beating the devil's tattoo
and : put their . heads in a whirl. . Dollie
Deane was her name, and it leaked out
that she wa^a correspondent for an East
ern magazine.
..Very .circumspect was Dollle, and while
all gentleness itself, one or. two of the
rough' characters found that familiarity
bred contempt on her part and great re- :
spectfor her on theirs. Dollle seemed
to take a fancy to Billy from the start,
but everybody looked upon Billy as a sort
of a guidepost. He might have been 20:
he might have been some years older; but
he was only a boy.
Jim -Andrews; of the men. apparently
found most favor* In the eyes of pretty
Dollie/ So 'much so that "there was
talk," as. there Is bound to.be In all
small communities.. Some had their . no
tions,' and'somc. talked of a wedding, per
haps..: Whatever Jim had to say," he said
it to Dollle.. .- , ;
AH 'went, on .well ; until a v man came
one- day— a- dashing, handsome -. chap,
with pearly teeth and a drooping mous
tache; a fellow of the world, who had
roughed > it and made [ his.' way.
"Gambler:" said, the knowing ones. But
he spent his money like a- prince,, and
they, said he was' "square." But he got
his', money all ¦ back. They played ' his
game and lost .to him i cheerfully. ....¦
And, then he met < pretty Dollie Deane,
and Jim "Andrews and peace were strang
' ers. :\ He always -. gave ~h way when \ Jim
came, :, but . he ; seemed to • have the - knack
of being In Dollle' a vicinity , ..when Jim
was not around. ' .What Jim said to Dol
lie,'only he and she' knew. \ *- : She answered
him "sweetly, but her answer; made him
declare- . that ; he . would seek , the presump-
llgllllspPjip*/ ""• tuous dandy and or-
P||f|SfNfl^/ ger him out of
"He's a gambler:"
" A11 liteS a gam "
\j#v 5^' ble," she replied
Jim wandered
down to where the
billiard table flour
ished. There was his rival In the midst of
the crowd, "setting them up.*
"Just \ in time, Andrews," he said.
"Have a drink."
, "I choose my company when I drink,"
returned. the young miner, hotly. -
- "As you will," replied the other -with
charming courtesy, and when he and the
rest had drank, he said: ..-"•>
"Andrews, you're not treating me fair
ly. It 5s true we are rival3. I wouldn't
mention that, but the camp knows it, and
ware all friends In this little commu
nity. Let us gamble for the first right
to address the-lady and may the best man
win."
There were murmurs of satisfaction
from the crowd.
"All life's a gamble," Dollle had said.
"I never gamble," said Jim, stiffly, a
flush on his face. .
TIkj other was equal to the occasion.
"Name a friend," said he; "I bar no
body and no game."
"Name me," whispered a voice at Jim's
elbow. ."Make the game billiards."
It was Billy.
Andrews was sadly at fault His friend3
were u raring him to take up the challenge.
A feeling of shame came over him. Then
the thought of what Dollle had said
struck home once more.
"By : I'll do It!" he fairly hissed.
"And I'll name Billy, this boy here."
"And the game?" queried the gambler,
with a mocking smile.
"Billiards." said Jim,. now calm.
No wonder his rival smiled again. He
had amused himself with the bumpkin
several times. Once or twice he had al
lowed him to beat him. He grew quite
jubilant and treated the house.
He won the first shot. Before he shot
he laid $300 on the cloth.
"Anybody like to bet on thl3 gamer' he
said blandly. "No? Five hundred to
$400-going, going— $300. Well, will, must
think I'm a winner. Make It $200."
"I'll take that myself!" .
. It . was Billy : who spoke, and asv his
money was laid on the table there was
tremendous -cheering.
"Want any more?" asked the good na
tured gambler. .
: "Go on,* and' play," said Billy, his face
The other loeftefl at him with a steel*
glitter in his eye, while tho crowd yelled
Its delight.
"I'll bet you JSCO even." he said.
"Gees," said the boy, and $1000 "flra^
placed in the stakeholder'9 hands.
"Five hundred dollars to you. Billy. liS
you beat him," cried Jim Andrews.
Not a word was said during the rest
of the game. The jramb'.er made a run
of 3. then. Billy ran 7. The other gritted,
-his teeth and hi* brow was covered with)
perspiration. He tried to cushion tho
balls, but they ran away from him. Ha
prided himself on his Knglish. but the
draw fell short. He was hardly safe on
a carrom, and somehow or other Billy
was eter»*»!ly leaving the balls in tha
same corner. He had scored 22 points,
when Billy finished the game.
Jim Andrews grasped Billy by the hand,
paid him his $000 and ordered tha drlnka
for the house.
Then the gambler awakened.
•'Hold on." he said, rather unsteadily.
"The drinks. arc mine. I lost." And tho
crowd applauded his sameness, and Jaclc
Arnold paid over to Billy V&O.
The gambler's eyes sought those of JI^»
Andrews and found them. A
"Well, you've won." he Bneered* **bu£.~
you weren't game enough to make you*
-own fight."
"I told you I never gambled." -was tho
quiet answer.
"No, but you stood In to rob me."
"You lie!" reared Jim Andrews, making
toward him.
A pistol barrel flashed In the air, but
almost as»qulekly was the muzzle of a
••gun" pressed against the gambler's tem
ple.
"Drop H!" cried tha voice of Jack Ar
nold, who was behind the gun. "Now gl
at him. Jim, and scrap."
For full twenty minutes the men fought
and clinched. The gambler used his flsta
well, but Jim was just a little better and
a little stronger. Both men were bacfi/
beaten up, but the gambler was under
the table.
About 5 o'clock the next evening Jlw.
who was still In bed, received a note. U
read:
"Dear Jim — Dollle is my sister, and «a
have gone away. I'm glad I did that fel
low last night for your sake, for yol
were my friend. 1*11 let you Ir.to a secret.
When they put up that billiard table ¦$Jji? I
put one of the legs where the mule*6\!U
and that's sloping ground. Nobody's on
to the roll of the ba!ls in that corner, and
you can make a fortune on that tablet I
did. D0IH3 sends love. Gocd-by. MkH
• f -BrLLT.^ 1
THE first bUliard table that was introduced Into
5)u:hern Oregon is there yet. It f-rrr.s one of the at
tractions of the little town of Kerby. and around It
are clustered many talc? of romance, some of trag
rdy and not a few of genuine comedy. The history of
that taWe is remarkablp. its origin unique. In the first»
place it was ntvor intended for Kerty. As a matter of
fact. It was there before Kerby was. First came the ta
ble, then a saloon was built around It, then came Kerby.
It was Lack in the early sixties, when the roads were as
-uugh as the manners of the men in thnt unsettled and but
partly civilized country. The- chief industry was mining
fj\6 many a camp boomed and petered as Sn the early days
*st California. Althouse was on the boom and saloons and
diince halls were flourishing. Each proprietor of these gilded
/T\ade a L_
portupe for --W
Ju/oYbui^ U^|
peopi^ . c3ss^
hut Bro 1^ Ot^rs.
20THE VIEW IS TAKEN FROM THE SOUTH SIDE OF TANGKING PANG (CANAL), WHICH SEPARATES THE FRENCH AND BRITISH CONCES
'. SIONS, THE FORMER LYINGON THE NORTH AND; EAST, SIDES OF THE 'NATIVE WALLED CITY.; IN THE FOREGROUND IS SHOWN THE WAGON
AND FOOTBRIDGE OVER THE YANGKING PANG AND, TOf THE RIGHT THE; "TIME BALL," WHICH ; IS ; DROPPED AT NOON EACH DAY ON SIG
' NALi FROM ? THE JESUIT] COLLEGE/WHICH LIES \ A MILE 'BACK FROM tTHE ' RIVER. ) ' THE ,' LARGE 'BUILDING ON THE LEFT. JUST 'BEYOND THE
' CREEK, IS THE (ENGLISHj CLUB HOUSE.'rAND BEYOND ITISTHE CUSTOM-HOUSE^WITH.THE IMPERIAL' CUSTOMS FLAG FLYING. ; STILL. FAR-,
' THER ARE THE' RUSSIAN AND \ BRITISH \ CONSULATES,^/AND ~\ IN i THE DISTANCE BEYOND" SUCHAU : CREEK \ IS THE 'AMERICAN CONCESSION AND
' THE GREAT;CORPORA>nqNfWAREHOUSES".ON, THEiMVERJFRONTJ i THE )ppiNT,OF; LAND JUTTING^ IN ON THE RIGHT IS POTUNG. OVER THE
\ CESSIONOF WHICHTHE^FRENCHANDCHprESEjARESTILL'NEGOTIATING. i ,':,-.-. ,./-.. V
THE ENGLISH BUNDj SHANGHAI, WITH PART OF THE WUSUNG RIVER.
CALL, BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— Arrangements may be" made with the Chinese
Government whereby the Ministers and those under their protection will.be escorted to Tientsin by a guard of the in
ternational forces. This is the plan which' the administration had In view when the President proposed that the Impe^
rial forces shbuld co-operate with the international forces for the relief of the legations. Since then unofficial negotia
tions have been going on looking to an arrangement whereby a strong, escort of co-operating . troops shall go to Pe
king and bring away the inmates of the legations. These negotiations have not yet taken official form, but there Is reason
to believe that some of the most influential men in China favor this means of getting the Ministers away from Peking under
the protection of their, respective. Governments. : ' ¦ ; y
It Is expected that the Chinese will communicate with the International forces at Yangtsun or at some place nearer
Peking, . and will first propose an armistice and will then agree to allow . an escort to go to Pekingl If China should adopt
this course she would comply with all the requirements imposed by President McKinley, in his reply to the "Emperor's ap
peal for mediation, and thi3 Government would then be in a position to exert its good' offices with the other powers to
INTERNATIONAL GUARD FOR MINISTERS.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— President Loubet. ac
companied by M. Delcaase, the Minister
of Foreign Affairs : , General Andre, ; the
Minister of War, and M. de Lanesaan,
Minister of Marino, left Paris this evening
for Marseilles to present flags to the de
parting expeditionary, corps bound for
China and to make farewell addresses.'
TO PRESENT FHA.GS.
BERLIN. Aug. 11.— Great Britain, the
United States and Japan have approved
the appointment of Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee as commander In chief of
the alHed forces in China, the United
States and Japan unreservedly and Great
Britain conditionally on all the other pow
ers agreeing to the appointment. This
condition has practically been fulfilled.
PARIS. Aug. 11.— The French Consul at
Tsung Klang, wiring under date of August
5, Bays: "Many missions have been de
stroyed and some Christians killed, but
the missionaries are safe and sound. All
Is calm at Tsungklang. - The mandarins
are doing all possible to repress troubles,
and I believe they .will succeed. I am
negotiating" with the Viceroy of Chili
relative to the protection of missionaries,
who Instead of assembling at one place
from Tshengton. Chungking and Sonl
fou should retire to the walled cities of
their respective districts."
APPBXWE OF VON WALDERSEE.
AIDED BY MANDARIira.
RUSSIAN SUCCESSES
ON SIBERIAN FRONTIER
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. lL-Offlcial
dispatches report further small Russian
successes on the Siberian frontier. The
Chinese have evacuated the country
around Kharbln as far . as Slntehempe,
Asheko and Chulantehen. The capture of
Kharbln was very timely, the situation
being grave, as owing to the repeated at
tacks which had to be repelled there was
danger of the ammunition being ex
hausted. General Sakharoff has ordered
the fortification of Kharbin.
Threo transports left for Shanghai to
day, carrying the First and Fourth Gur
khas and the Thirtieth Bombay Infan
try. The Second Bengal Infantry Is ex
pected at Hongkong to-morrow and will
proceed direct to Shanghai.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
llshlnr Company.
HONGKONG, Aupr. 11.— Chang Chi Tung
has protested to the acting Viceroy at
Canton against the movement of Black
Flags In the direction of Hukuanc, as
likely to cause trouble.
PROTESTS AGAINST THE
MOVEMENT OF BLACK FLAGS
Commander Gilmore of the Isla de Cuba
Is a passenger for home on furlough from
the fleet at Manila. He stopped a day in
Shanghai, where he reports a state of
great uncertainty as to the fate of the
Peking legations. Great excitement in
Shanghai is also as a result of
fears of a Boxer attack.
J. M. Dickinson, a Tlent5ln business
man. Is homeward bound after having
suffered much loss through the-depreda
tions of the Boxers. His residence in
Tientsin was burned and his place of busi
ness bombarded.
The Rev. George Worth was at a Chi
nese military station on the Yangtse. He
like-wise received a hurried warning and
eet out for the coast with his wife and
children. The dispatch telling him to
leave advised him that the imperial troops
ware as much to be feared as the Boxers,
and he lost not a moment In starting with
his wife and family for Tientsin.
-W. B. Field, an American miner;* iq. any-,
other refugee on the Gaelic. He was'
north of Peking, In the . most dangerous
district of China, and got wind of the im
pending troubles in time to reach Peking
just before the end of communication with
that city. He fled from Peking with all
possible haste, leaving many of his be
longings behind, and Is thought Ho have
,been one of the last white men to leave
the Chinese capital before the tragedies of
the early part of July.
before we were away from it. If Consul
Fowler had delayed his warning we
ehould have been among the missing. The
situation in China is appalling, and every
one expects a fearful conflict. There is
not a white man left in the interior alive.
All have fled to Japan, to the coast ports,
where the powers are In control, or have
left the far East altogether. I was In
China for nineteen years under the South
ern Baptist Board."
HONOLULU. Aug. 4.— The steamship
Gstflic, passing through here to-day on
Jier way to Ban Frandsco from the Orient.
had on board a number of refugees from
China, who fled from the Boxers. Two
missionaries. Revs. C. W. Prultt and
George Worth, with their wives and fam
ilies, each consisting of . three- children,
were aboard, glad to have escaped from
the land where they have been trying to
do missionary worlc Rev. Mr. Prultt' was
et Ehanturs, whence he was summoned
by an urgent warning on July 8,* sent 'by
Consul Fowler from Chefu. The mission
ary and fanlly started at once, end they
a»ere on the way none too soon.
F^'The whole country was rlElng up as we
passed through on our way to Chefu,"
paid Mr. Proltt. "and the Boxers were or
ganizing everywhere. One ptation w*
2?a£Lci through wax attacked and burnod
MISSIONARIES SAVED
BY FOWLER'S WARNING
A Precautionary Measure.
LONDON. Aug. 1L— A special dispatch
from Shanghai, dated Friday, August 10.
etates the British Consul General, reply
ing to protests of Chinese merchants
against the landing of troops, explains
that this is merely a precautionary meas
ure, due to the fact that the disturbances
north are eprcadlng and coming dally
nearer to Shanghai. He also_Bay» Kian*;
tuli already in a state of revolt and that
th»re ha* been eerious rioting, thetele
craph station being burned.
Incidentally It may be said that the cor
dial relations between Japan and the
United States, aside from her participa
tion In the British and American advance
on Pedtsacg. bas been shown In her reply
to the State Department's advices con
cerning our last note to China. This note
-was transmitted for the Information of
Japan as well as to the other powers in
terested, and the Japaneee Government
promptly acknowledged its receipt and in
dicated its friendly approval of the stand
taken by the United States.
While this acknowledgment was a mere
official courtesy. Japan is the only one of
the powers so tar to give formal expres
sion of its concurrence In the action of
the United Slates.
Cordial delations With Japan.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— It Is
stated officially to-night that
this Government will pay no at
tention whatever to the latest
appeal from China, transmitted
In the form of a memorial from the south
ern Viceroys tagging the United States to
use Its influence against the landing of
British troops in the Yangtse Valley.
This jxemorial was transmitted to the
State Dwanmcnt this morning by the
Chinese Minister, Mr. Wu. It urged on
'this Government the serious consequences
that would follow the landing of a British
force at Shanghai and represented that
the preparations already made had in
duced a panic among the resident Chinese
and would paralyze commercial activity
in that part of the empire almost as much
as a formal declaration of war by Great
Britain.
This Government deetfled, however, that
not only wo-uld it be entirely out of Its
province to interfere with the British pro
gramma In Southern China which was be
ing: carried forward by Admiral Seymour
on the ground with the full knowledge
of local conditions, but in view of China's
present recalcitrant attitude and the lack
lip W date of even an acknowledgment
of our latest demand concerning the
enfety of our Ministers, the United States
¦was not inclined to shoulder any of
China's troubles with Great Britain, nor
any other of the powers.
Appeal to Be Ignored.
Consequently the appeal of the Viceroys
¦will be Ignored. It Is possible that the
commxislcation from Minister Wu may be
turned over to the British Government
for its information on the ground of the
frienfily principle that has been adopted
• by the powers of keeping each other in
formed on the various developments In
the situation. Even this Btep, however,
has not been decided upon yet, and will
t»e left to the Judgment of the President.
In connection with the proposed land
•tag of Admiral Seymour's force it may
¦be said that the report of Japan's opposi
tion to this move is without any official
conSnaailon here. The Japanese Minis
ter In general conversation, when the sub
ject was first broached, caid that he had
210 Information of any protest having beea'
entered by Japan. What developments
eubsequent events might bring it was im
possible for him to say. It may be said,
however, aside from the Japanese Minis
ter's statement, that Japan has up to
date displayed no Jealousy of Great Brit
ain in the Chinese campaign. Japan ber
£«lf, it has been announced seml-offlclally.
l>w no colonial ambitions.
LONDON.. Aug. IV— The Russian Gov
ernment's permission to M. de Giers and
"Watching Russian Designs.
' At' the same time M. de GIer3 is ex
pected -to call attention to the heavy re
sponsibility the Chinese Government will
incun should there be the slightest infrac
tion of the vlolability of the persons ac
companying them to Tientsin.
The Messenger then announces that the
Czar's aipprpvar has been given for M.
de Giers to start. for Tientsin with his
entire staff and the marine guard on con
dition'., that', trie " existing Government at
Peking and the Emperor afford themsure
guarantee that the journey can be under
taken without danger.
Czar's Approval Given.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. ll.-The
Official Messenger to-day publishes
the following: "The Foreign Of
fice received a telegram direct
from M. de Giera (the Rusian Min
ister at the Chinese capital), from Peking.
The dispatch was evidently taken by
special courier to Tsinan, from the capi
tal of Shantung, and was thence tele
graphed. August 7, by the local yamen.
M. de Giers announces that the siege of
the legations continues, the besieged still
having some provisions left. The Chi
nese Government proposes to transmit
the Ministers' messages and' that they
leave Peking.. As the Ministers had not
sufficient guarantee, they replied that
they must receive the permission of their
governments before leaving the city."
his staff to leave Peking under Chiness
guarantees, while tha United States and
other governments tell their Ministers to
hold out until relieved. 13 the subject of
much comment in London, where sup
posed Russian designs are closely scruti
nized.
A special dispatch from St. Petersburg
attributes to Russia the intention to nil
Manchuria with troops and not to let go
that territory when the present ebullition
is over. The Russian War Office expects
to have 142,000 men and 242 guns in Siberia
by the end of September. The total num
ber of allies in the province of Peichlll Is
38,000, with lit guns. The total August
SO will be 73,000. with 2S0 guns.
Sir Chih Talks Freely.
The Chinese Minister. Sir Chlh Chen Lo
Ffnpr Luh. In an Interview, said tha Min
isters of the powers In declining to leave
Peking had underestimated the situation.
adding 1 that if the allies pushed on to the
.capital it might have the effect of In
volving the southern provinces In great
trouble. Only to-day, the Minister con
tinued, he had received the Information
that the proposed landing of Indian troops
at Shanghai had already caused grave ap
prehension, and there would be an exodus
of Chinese merchants. If these troops
were landed, he pointed out. others, of
course, would follow and great conflicts
would result.
The Minister said If the powers bad
adopted his suggestions and opened nego
tiations with LI Hung Chang matters
might have been arranged. The march of
the allies on Peking, the Chinese diplo
mat further remarked, would probably
endanger the foreigners' lives, adding
that telegrams had already been received
showing that trouble has arisen in this
connection.
Surprise in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 1L— The. action ef
the Russian Government In authorizing
M. de Giers to start from Peking to Tien
tsln under Chinese escort causes no llttla
concern and surprise In official circles
here, as It is diametrically opposed to tha
course of the other Governments, al
though there is no disposition to question
the good faith which has Inspired it. Th«
officials say that Its only effect Is to
leave M. de Giers acting Independently,
and upon his own discretion. If he deter
mines to leave Peking with a Chiness
guard and succeeds in getting through to
Tientsin it at least wlU have demonstrat
ed that this course Is less hazardous than
has been supposed. The position of th«
United States authorities la unchanged.,
however. In declining to entertain the Idea
of allowing Minister Conger to leav© un
der Chinese escort.
DANGER OF DISSENSION^ I
IN THE ALLIED FORCES
'WASHINGTON,' Aug. 11— The following
cablegram has been received at the Nayx
Department, from > Admiral . Remeyj '
"CHEFU, Aug. 10.— Bureau of Navlga*
tion, Washington: • Taku,- August 7, Chaf
fee; telegraphs from -front:" Sixth .Yang
tsun occupied. " Casualties about sixty my
command, two marines wounded. Many
prostrated by heat and fatigue; next
move yet unknown. General commanding
English at ' front telegraphs: 'Marched
from Peltsang nine miles toward Yang
tsun' when formed for attack with the
Americans on right. Russians on left.
After rapid advance of three miles under
hot rifle and shell fire our; troops carried
first' line of defense. Casualties about
fifty killed or death from sunstroke.' •
"REMEY."
The cablegram of Admiral Remey
transmitting the report of General ChaJV
fee as to the battle of Yangtsun, togetheT
with the report of General Gaselee, the
English commander at the front, contains
few details not already known. General
Gaselee's statement shows that the Chi
nese occupied trenches and that the for
eign forces were compelled to assault
them. Finally after forming: their line,
the allies were obliged to charge over a
stretch of. territory three miles In extent,
directly Into the teeth of the Chinese rifla
and shell fire.
It is presumed that having carried out
successfully the plan of the movement as
far as Yangtsun the commanders of the
allies will have to go into consultation
again to decide upon the further course
of the advance from that point to Peking.
This 13 considered unfortunate owing to
the possibility that dissensions and Jeal
ousies may arise which will delay further
advance.
BERLIN, Aug. 11.— A Tientsin dispatch,
dated August 7, received hero to-day, says
that after the capture of Peltsanaj the
German, Austrian and Italian forces re
turned to Tientsin, - ¦ '¦¦<i
Czar Approves of the Departure of M. de
Giers and -Staff From Peking, While
Other Powers- Instruct Ministers to
Remain Until Relief Arrives,
United States Decides Not to Take Action
on the Memorial From Viceroys Relat
. Ing to the Landing of British Troops in
the Yangtse Vallen.
T THIS is A SUBURB OF TDNGCHOW, THE WALLED CITY. ON THE
i PEIHO, FOURTEEN MILES EAST OF PEKING, WHERE THE GRAND
J CANAL LEAVES THE MAIN RIVER AND STRIKES WEST TO PEKING.
1 TTJJCGCHOW IS OKE OF THE "CHOW." OR SUPPLY CITIES. OF THE
, CAPITAL AND WILL DOUBTLESS BE VISITED BY THE ALLIED
NO ATTENTION PAID
TO CHINAS APPEAL
Special Cable to The Call, and New. York Herald. ¦Copyright, 19OO, by ths Herald Publishing .Company, .
-. ,w-:-" ~' ' ' '' r ~ ' -." ' ' i'. '••- ¦¦•'.*¦ - >-\" -^-r {¦•;'¦ X^^.-^'i^feU-yf^***!"^": '*'¦¦¦' •¦V*. ' ' •-"• *"Y ; - •>'--. .-• ¦ . ; ¦•,'
Aug. 9.— It is reported that 20,000 'Boxers are^tHreatening Tientsin, Tongku and Taku.
1 1 The allies took Yangtsunat daylight. -The Americans^ being in advance, lost seventy men.
At Niuc'hwang yesterday the native city was quiet. The Russian cordon outside is reported to
be committing atrocities ; in the neighborhood. ¦¦ -The' natives are fleeing ,to Chefu. fearing more
fighting. The Ministers in Peking were safe on Sunday. . Chang Hwing, has -arrived at Taku,
bringing from the Emperor of Korea' a present. to, the allies of 3000 bags of flour and 1000 bags of
THREATENED BY 2O.OOO BOXERS.
of date, throws little fresh light on the situation in Peking. The United States Minister says:
"Whatever the outcome we will hold out indefinitely."
Some disquiet has been caused by the Russian Government apparently separating itself
from the other powers by authorizing its Minister to leave Peking under Chinese escort. The
difference of policy is, perhaps, more apparent than real, the final decision being left with M. de
Giers, who will undoubtedly not leave the capital without an adequate guarantee of safety.
Negotiations, it is stated, are in progress looking to the removal of all foreigners in
Peking under sufficient escort of the allied troops, the idea being to obviate the necessity of
a forced march to Peking in the face of strong opposition with an inadequate force and under
considerable climatic disadvantages. So far as is known the relieving force has. not advanced
beyond Yangtsun, and a section of it has returned to Tientsin, possibly to strengthen the
garrison there on account of the threatened gathering of Chinese forces around the allied base,
reported in a special dispatch to The Call from Chefu.
H CONFIRMATION of the report that Li ¦ Hung Chang has been invested with plenary
II powers to plead for peace, and the Chinese Government being to all appearances fully
awake to its responsibilities for the security of the. foreign Ministers in Peking, amelio-
Still the reported intention of Admiral Seymour to land British troops at Shanghai
causes forebodings. The United States has refused to take action on an appeal from the
southern Viceroys, through Minister Wu, to use its influence to prevent the landing of troops
in Yangtse Valley. If a dispatch from Berlin is to be relied upon, however, both Germany
and France will interpose to preclude a realization of such schemes as Great Britain is cred
ited with harboring.
A message from Mr. Conger, transmitted by Consul McWade, owing to the absence
SUMMARY OF CHINESE SITUATION.
Great : Brfltata's' IjnteitTitloe to Laimd-Treops
at Sfaaeglhafi aed 'Russia's Policy s at— ;
.. Peking Likely to, Caiise.' tptejp- 1 - '¦*. ¦¦
CHINA PROMISES TO YIELD BUT THE
POWERS THEMSELVES MAY QUARREL
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900— FORTY PAGES.
ME 73.
IPages 21 to30
«s 21 to 30
X A TYPICAL VILLAGE ON THE RAILROAD IN THE FIRST HILLS BE- i
TWEEN TIENTSIN AND PEKING. f,
RUSSIA IS BENT ON
PLAYING A LONE HAND
The San Francisco Call
Continued on Page Twenty-two.
RETURNED TO TIENTSIN".The police are also busily engaged
watching the anarchistic groups. Since
the attempt was made to kill the Shah
of Persia, an Investigation has been car
ried on which has resulted in the discov
ery of several meeting places of the
"reds." It is now certain that a desecra
tion bf the d'Auberville Cathedral was the
work of anarchists and It Is not sure that
Salson was not a participant in that out
rage. Salson continues his reticence,
every effort to induce him to break his
silence being unavailing. I Vallette. who
was arrested as an accomplice of Salson.
has been released for want of proof of
complicity. .
The annual report on the subject of hy
drophobia, which has just been presented
to the council of public hygiene by Pro
fessor Poust, shows by statistics that the
number of- mad dogs in Paris and the de
partment of the Seine is steadily increas
ing. The Pasteur Institute treated 2S4 per
sons who had been bitten by rabid animals
between the first of the year and June 8.
Watching the Anarchists.
Annoying Evils Checked. ,
M. Lepine.;the Prefect- of Police, has
taken sternly in hand two of the most an
noying evils to which 7 strangers in Farts
are bound to submit— trickery and over
charging on the part o£ the cabdrivers
and the . pestering, ot . promenadersjjn the
boulevards by ' persons bent on -the sale
of transparent cards, ¦ salacious literature
and other articles the sale of Which- would
mean immediate Imprisonment in any city
in the United States. So vigorously has
the latter class been assailed by the po
lice that many Innocent newsboys^ have
been arrested; but the resultof M. Le-"
pine's efforts has been very noticeable on
the boulevards the last two nights. * or
the regulation of the cab service and the
doing away with the maddening faults
which cause many an American to use
unprintable words he has issued a long
series of rules compelling cabmen to no
tify passengers of the exact amount or
their fare before starting, prohibiting the
favorite pastime of drivers-that of smok
ing . on duty— compelling them to accept
passengers and in many ways restricting
cabmen. It Is undoubtedly due to the ar
bitrary action of the cabmen during th6
exposition that their strike is receiving no
special ¦ recognition or assistance, and
though they have decided to continue the
strike the bottom of it has dropped out
and transportation is scarcely impeded.
prosecution on the ground of protection of
the court's verdict, and Dr. de Vllliers
was fined 3000 francs. . .
crowd outside so loudly cheered them
that they were twice l'orced to appear on
the balcony.
. ~ • _. -
Stamps.
The various stamps now current In the
world number 13,811.
GERMANY WILL
CLOSELY FOLLOW
GREAT BRITAIN
Intends to Send a Brigade
of Five Thousand Men
to Shanghai.
Many Indications That the Powers
Now Invading. China Are Lately
' to Clash. Over Commer
cial Interests.
Copyright, 1900, by the Associated Prejs.
BERLIN, Aug. 11.— The belief still pre
vails here that the allied forces have not
undertaken the Peking advance and that '
the recent action at Ptitsang and Yang- P
tsun were solely meant to secure the
strategic tenure of Tientsin against the (
Chinese troops sent from Peking or from
the south, as Yangstsun dominates both
railroad and river communication. The
military authorities here also maintain
that an advance upon Peking with the
present forces and lacking an officer In
chief command would be equivalent to
failure .and . enormous losses. The For
eign Office wholly distrusts the reliability |
of the news that Li Hung Chang has
been empowered to negotiate for peace
and the German press coincides in that
view.
The news received here that the United
States is satisfied with the appointment
of Field Marshal Count von "Waldersee to
the chief command of the allied forces
has created great satisfaction, as for. a
time it was feared that the United States
might, with Great Britain, .object, thus
frustrating military harmony.
The news cabled here that the United
States is now desirous of bringing about
a clear diplomatic understanding regard- i
ing the intended extent of the expedition
is received by the Foreign Office favor
ably, since the aims of the United States,
viz.: The re-establishment of order, the
awarding of damages to Americans for
injury and guarantees against the recur
rence of similar events, tally precisely,
so the Foreign Offlca declares, with the
German programme. It is here surmised,
however, that such diplomatic negotia
tions will not meet The approbation . of
Great Britain and Russia, whose enor
mous sacrifices" in men and money owing
to the Chinese trouble, seem, indeed,
worth some equivalents. Regarding Great
Britain's apparent designs upon the
Yangtse Valley, particularly Shanghai,
Germany will not allow their realizations,
and in this France supports Germany,
and it is hoped here the United Statas
will also do - so, since such - action con
travenes the open-door policy. Germany,
before long, will have a good-sized force
in, Shanghai to checkmate single-handed
the -British • schemes there. The corre
spondent of the Associated Press hears
that a brigade of 5000 men Is now forming
and will proceed to Shanghai for that
purpose and to protect German commer
cial interests in the valley, notably at
Shanghai and Hanjoi.
German Press Comments.
The German press comments on the
present situation are very varied. The Lo
cal Anzelger, deems it probable that Field
klarshal von AValdersee will not be bedded
In roses in China, owing to lack of har
mony among the powers, ¦ even at this
early stage, and it believes that before
long quarrels will arise between Russia
and Japan, France and Great Britain
and the United btates and Germany. It
points out that the main trouble among
the powers, is not of a military but of a
commercial character.
The Vorwaerts says "£he irresponsioie
China policy," meaning the Emperor's,
has thus far "carried rioting before it,"
and that the "responsible party of the
Cabinet has long been annulled by the
press."
. Several papers, ar-ong them being the
Hamburg Correspondenz, counsels the
Immediate seizure of the right Yangtse
shore by. Germany in order to neutralize
Great Britain's attempts there.
The Germanla and Cologne Volks Zei
tung. the two leading Centrist organs,
insist" that the Reichstag decide on the
present and future China policy to be
followed by Germany. '
The Prince" Regent of Bavaria, Luitpold,
has summoned his Berlin delegate to the
Bundesrath. Count von Lerchenfeld, to
take counsel with him. regarding artlclfc
64 of the imperial constitution as to
whether it is admissible that besides vol
unteers, regulars may. also be sent to
China. This, with a number of other
signs, shows that, the Emperor William's
vigorous policy toward China is by no
means approved all around.
* Doubt Pretoria Conspiracy.
The British news about the Pretoria
conspiracy to seize the person of Lord
Roberts and shoot all the British offi
cers possible is discredited here. The Vos-
Bische Zeitung ridicules the alleged fact
that foreign conspirators snould plan suc.i
an elaborate scheme requiring this, and
the Deutsche. Tages Zeitung recalls th*
previous Johannesburg conspiracy, whose
purpose.lt adds, like the present "plot,"
was merely a British desire to expel all
foreigners and others considered obnox
ious. - . - ..,. , •
' ¦". The Vosslsche Zeitung prints a private
letter from.' Pretoria,, dated July 10, in
which it is related how the British Is
sued ' orders expelling forthwith a num
ber of peaceable German residents of Pre
toria and -elsewhere, giving them ¦ but" a
few. hours in which to regulate their pri
vate affairs. -: But finally, on the strenu
ous'objections of ithe German Consul, the
expulsion : orders ¦ were ' rescinded.
' M. . Locker oy, ' the former French Minis
ter of ; Marine, 'has; been: accorded, dn un
usual mark of imperial :\ favor, receiving
permission to visit . Germany , and investi
gate its, navy organization, and especially
the -manner in which the navy increase is
carried out. .¦ .
The Government has issued a
decree providing a' suitable celebration ot
the Emperor's . birthday by. displaying . the
Germanflag by the side of the Bavarian
flag:;- C>- :" : : '..-¦- '¦.}- . \ :: . :
¦ .The Berlin police have authorized the
carrylngout of -the fc Llebknecht -funeral
plans- for to-morrow.". The procession will
contain \ three . bands . of music and prob
ably ; about 80,000 persons .will : participate
through. the whole city. But it is stated
there must be no, display of red flags. ¦ ;
'/Welcomed by- Japan. "
A member of the Japanese legation has
informed the Associated Press ., corre
spondent that the: Japanese Government
welcomes the appointment of Field Mar
shal 4 von ' Waldersee as -commander: in
chief. of the allied forces, but the legation
thinks the rescue of the Ministers will be
finished before -Von "Waldersee's arrival In
Chlna.'and is of... the opinion that the allies
will not be able to advance without great
difficulty. .-•". .-: :
.'.The officials of the German Foreign Of
fice say the fact that the. Chinese Govern
ment; permits ; the- foreign : Ministers to
communicate .v with '--theirs Governments
should warrant ; the expectation - that the
Chinese- troops ; will ; not ; offer.' further ¦ ¦ re
sistance to the advance of the allies. But
theForeign Office! does not expect this. \
.Great Britain has 'answered Germany's
proposal ; of Field , von Waldersee
asicommander , in*chief;by, accepting: the
same ! provided all the other ; powers J do
likewise. ¦'^fBB$BE83Bg!fl l '«5MB*MB . .
-.There' is an \ unusual number of > Ameri
cans taking out paaspbrts'at; the embassy
.here, owing to the , rigid : require
ments'of.the Berlin police.' 1 '- ' ' '
ROME, Aug. 11.— King Victor Emaauel
III took the formal constitutional oath
to-day before Parliament. The Senate
chamber was draped with mourning, the
benches and tribunes being covered with
black furnishings, bordered with silver.
The chamber was ailed with Senators
and Deputies, royal missions, high of
ficials of state and the diplomatic corps.
The booming of cannon announced the
departure of the royal party from the
Qulrlnal.
All along the route large crowds were
assembled and gave the new King an
ovation. He was received on the steps of
the Senate by the committee of . the
Chamber of Deputle3 and Senate In a
pavilion specially erected and handsomely
decorated.
When the cortege entered the Senate
chamber, the King, being accompanied
by the Duke of Aosta, the Count of
Turin and the Duke of Genoa, the Depu
ties and Senators arose and then began a
long and exciting scene of enthusiasm.
His Majesty later took the oath and de
livered an addres9. The weather was
beautiful. The full text of the address is
as follows:
My first thought Is for my people— a thought
of love and gratitude. The people who wept
by the casket of the King whom they loved are
brought in close touch with me and they have
demonstrated the racial foundation ' which a
liberal monarchy has In the country. From
these manifestations of sorrow, I draw the
most . favorable auguries for my reign. The
noble and pious sentiment, which sprang spon
taneously from the soul of the nation at the
news of the tragic event, tells me that in the
hearts of Italians there still vibrates the voice
of patriotism, which inspired at all times
worthy miracles. I am proud of the power I
am assuming. It Is with a high head and seek
ing a nobler idea that I consecrate myself to
my country, with . all the ardor and strength
of which I feel myself "capable; with all the
strength the examples and traditions of my
house give me.' The word of the magnanimous
Charles Albert, who granted liberty, is sacred,
just as are those of my grandfather, who
achieved the union of Italy, and of my august
father, who, by all the acts of his life, showed
We was a worthy heir of the virtues of the
father of his country. In his work my father
has had the assistance of my august and vener
ated mother. It Is she who engraved on my
heart and spirit the sentiment of my duty as
a Prince and an Italian. So in my work. I
shall be aided by my wife, who. born of a
strong race, will consecrate herself entirely to
the country of her choice.
Of the friendship of all the powers we have
had eloquent proof in the participation in our
mourning and I wish to express my profound
gratitude to all.
Italy has always been an efficient Instrument
in concord and will be eo during my reign in
the common aim of preserving peace. But ex
ternal peace is not alone sufficient. We must
have internal peace and accord and the good
will of all men to develop every Intellectual
force and economic feature. It Is necessary to
raise the young generations in the love of
country and of honesty and labor. It is this
sentiment which . inspires our armies on land
and sea, who come from the pecple and who
are a pledge of the fraternity which binds the
whole Italian family.' in' unity and love of
country. It Is necessary to concentrate our
selves and to defend ourselves by. the wisdom
of our laws and their strict application. The
monarchy and Parliament should proceed united
in this beneficial task. ¦
I mount the throne without fear and quietly
with knowledge .of my rights and duty as
King. Oh, that : Italy had the confidence In
me that I have In the destiny of the country.
Xo human force Is capable of destroying what
my father ha* shaped with so much abnega
tion. We must awake and ¦- apply all our
strength: to preserve .intact the great victories
of unity and liberty. I shall, never be lacking
In confidence in our liberal institutions and will
never default in Initiative ¦ energy -when action
should b*- taken. to defend vigorously the ftlori
ous institutions of our country and the precious
heritagen of- our ancestors.
Reared in love qf religion and "of country. I
take God as witness of myu promts* that from
to-day I :, will- worJc.alwaya with all my heart
for the greatness and prosperity of my coun
try. . '
: The , King Tspoke In a strong . voice [ a nd
his words greatly, touched every one pres
ent, many persons being In tears. When
the sovereigns re-entered the Qulrlnal the
Delivers a Stirring Address Calling
for the Full Support of His Sub
jects and Speaks of His
Love for Them.
ITALY'S NEW
KING TAKES THE
OATH OF OFFICE
Victor Emmanuel III Ap- t
pears Before Par-
RAGGI ALSO HEARD FROM.
ROME, Aug. 11.— The Government has
received a dispatch from Marquis Raggl,
at Peking, Identical with those recently
received from the representatives at Pe
king of France, the United States and
the other powers.
CIPHER MESSAGES TO PICHON.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— M. Delcasse. the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, has forwarded
two cipher messages to M. Plchon, the
French Minister at Peking, felicitating
him on his attitude and asking him to
expedite anj* unrecelved messages.
Documents Seized.
ROME, Aug. 11.— The Tribune Is author
ity for the statement that some very Im
portant documents throwing light on the
recent plots of the anarchists and impli
cating Bressl, Qulntavelli and others have
been seized.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Aug. 11.—Or
ders have been received at Fort L»eaven
worth for the two companies of the First
Infantry now here to have themselves In
readiness to leave at a moment's notice
for San Francisco for service In China.
The companies are recruiting to a
strength of 12S men each.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— The Minister of Ma
rine, M. de Lanessan, has received from
Admiral Courrejolles two dispatches con
firming the news of the battles of Pel
tsarig and Yangtsun. One of them, dated
Taku August 6. and forwarded via Chefu,
August 7, mentions a rumor that the lega 7
tions at Peking have Buffered a renewed
attack. * :
EEADY rOR CHINESE SERVICE.
RtraOR OF RENEWED ATTACK.
REPORTED RENEWAL OF
ATTACK ON LEGATIONS
IX)NDON, Aug. 12, 2 a, m. — A dispatch
from Shanghai says the rumor Is current
there that the imperial artillery has again
been turned upon the legations at Peking
and an attack in force is now going on.
No confirmation of the rumor can be had
in Shanghai, and nothing definitely Is
known here.
BOSTON, Aug. 11. — The American Bap
tist Missionary Society to-day received a
cablegram from Swatow, China, from §ev.
A. F. Groesbeck. in charge of the Baptist
Mission at Ur.g Kung, about seventy miles
north of Swatow, announcing that his
mission has been destroyed- by the Chi
nese, together with four other stations.
This is the first intimation received of
actual violence in that section of China-
Rev. J. H. Foster of Swatow and Rev.
Jacob Speecher of Katyang had sent their
families to Amoy by the steamer Victoria
sailing from J^pngkong August 7 for Ta-
SpeHal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— There is much
uncertainty here as to just what the Rus
sians are doing at Nluchwang. The Nash
ville has been sent up from Taku by Rear
Admiral Remey to learn as much as pos
sible about the situation in the north.
If the Russian garrison Is in need of as
elstaneo that cannot be adequately given
by the Russian ships believed to be In that
locality the Nashville may render some
assistance, especially If any American In
terests are in danger. The real object of
her trip to the north, however, is to find
out Just what is going on and what the
Russians are doing.
NORTHERN MISSIONS
DESTROYED BY CHINESE
"Rundle arrested at Harrismith Com
mandant Marais. three field cornets and
thirty armed burghers and a British sub
ject Of Natal named Marais; a Boer spy,
Eraus, and a former member of the Free
State Intelligence bureau.
'•Hunter reports that 130 burphers, with
upward of a million rounds of ammuni
tion, surrendered August 8 and August 9.
Cloett, a member of the Volksraad, was
a prisoner with Hunter. •
'•Kitchener engaged Dewct's rear guard
yesterday near Lindeque, within hearing
of Methuen's gun?. Fix miles northwest. '
Lord Roberts wires to the War Oillce
from Pretoria, under yesterday's date, as
follows: i -
"A plot to carry me off has been discov
ered. It was clumsily conceived. The
ringleaders and all concerned are now un
der arrest."
TO FIND n UT WHAT
RUSSIANS ARE DOING
I LONDON \ PARTS : I BERLIN t ROME I
ALL BRITAIN
IS WEARIED OF
THE BOER WAR
Lord Roberts' Orders to Burn
Farmhouses Criticized
bv the Press.
While Prices for Ordinary Commodi
tiee Are High, in England, Artists
Are Dismayed at Low Figures
Offered for Th.«ir Works.
•
Coprrlsht, JSOO, by Associated Press.
LONDON. Aug. 11.— This can hardly b«
Raid to have been a lively -week In Eng
land, for obituaries and funerals have
taken the largest space in the news
papers. Particular groups had plenty to
think about. Nevertheless, financiers
have been busy with the "American
loan"; politicians with the dying Parlia
ment and the general election prospects
and society with country amusements.
The way the South African war drags
cut wears ur>on Englishmen and no news
¦would be eo welcome as that some well-
•wisher of the Transvaal had convinced
President Krugcr that nothing in Europe
or China will make Great Britain relax
her ever-tifthterJng grip on South Africa.
Everybody in the criny and who has any
thing to do with it in South Africa wants
to come home and is heartily sick of the
whole thlnp. Hut, knowing that it must
go on to a finish, the dregrs of war are
having pome bitterness. The plot to kill
British officers at Pretoria Is taken in
Englar.d as .showing the savage temper
of the Boers, while the Uritishers are re
ported to be doing some things which are
provoking adverse comment in Great
Britain. Thus the Standard prints a Pre
toria diFpatch. <Ja.te<l 'August 9, saying: :
"The Boers sniped a train at Bronk
hurst yesterday, on the line between Pre
toria and Middle-burg. Two of its occu
pants were wounded. In accordance with
Lord Roberts" warning, all the farms
were fired within a radius of ten miles."
Even the Eng'ij=h papers say there must
be a mistake somewhere. A couple of
Boers fired at a military train, perfectly
within their rights as warriors, and every
farmhouse within ten miles in every di
rection is committed to the flames.
Americans in England.
England Is overflowing wi%h prominent
Americans, who dominated Cowes and are
In evidence at every Important race meet
ing and many of whom are members of
house parties at historic English or Scotch
places. W. K. Vanderbilt and W. C.
Whitney have both been in London during
the week.
Lord and Lady Mount-Stephen will go
to Bombay in October to visit the North
cotes. They will mcke an extensive tour
cf India.
F. R. Burnham, the American scout. Is
•visiting Ridtr Haggard in Norfolk.
The westbound trans-Atlantic travel is
rapidly increasing, though the reports of
the American hot wave have caused a
number of cancellations. The Cunard
line steamer [jucanla and the American
line steamer Ft. Louis are both filled to
their capacity, however. The former in
cludes among her passengers Tod Sloan,
who hopes to ride the Suburban winner.
Couth Lamsdorf, the Czar'a new Foreign
*.'ini<=t€r, is reputed among diplomatic ne
potiatqrs as being one of the easiest yet
mo.«t didcult men to deal with, because
he so readily comprehends what the other
Fide wants and the way it wants It. Ills
power of projecting himself Into the as
pirations and necessities of other coun
tries is so unusual that he sometimes
amazes the Embassadors by pointing out
how a change in their designs would be
popular at home.
While most persons are complaining
that prices of t vcrything are going up,
the roval academicians axe dismayed by
the low prices their works are bringing
this year. Thiert* is a long array of can
vises in the Burlington H-juse exhibit
from which artists have parted company
for as low as 10 guineas, and many other
works deemed of merit sufficient fo- the
Royal Academy went for To and 80 guineas.
Th» hi?hcFt price recorded was for Fred
erick Vornor's "Bison," 1230 guineas.
Pilgrimage of Catholics.
The preparations are almost complete
for the pilgrimage of the Roman Catholic
nobility and clerjry of England to Rome
during October. The Duke of Norfolk and
Cardinal Vaughn will take part in It.
Church periodicals believe the Pope will
take the opj-ortunity to make an impor
tant announcement in connection with the
English Roman church.
England is ftill manifesting much Inter
est in the famine conditions In India and
the extensive tour of investigation made
by the Viceroy. Lord Curzon. Whether,
as Fuppested by pome papers, the super-
Ftltious and courteous Indians are sure to
attribute to the Viceroy's presence the re
cent rainfall or not. It Is pointed out that
it is his pood fortune that the rains fell,
and this coincidence is likely to add to his
assets as an India ruler. • •
One o,f the incidents of the Viceroy's trip
¦was his recent trip to the Methodist Or
phanage at Nahadad. where 7000 children
will be fed and restored to their parents
when the famine Is over.
bring about a settlement of the entire Chinese question by diplomatic negotiations rather than by a continuance of mill- .'¦
tary operations. ¦: -I '.¦;, ¦'.'; '$¦.
Minister Conger .will remain at Peking until he has been relieved by th"e international expedition. Administration offi
cials are somewhat disquieted by the report from St. Petersburg as to the instructions to the Russian Minister, though they
are not disposed to discuss the matter pending fuller Information. In some quarters the report Is taken as evidence that
Russia Is disposed to act to a certain extent Independently of-the other powers and to pursue a separate : policy. A mem- .¦>
bcr of the Cabinet said to-day that the Russian Government undoubtedly had a rlghtto take such a course if It .wished to '.'¦
do so. but it was regretted that there should be any diversity of policy pursued by the several powers. The suggestion that: ;
Russia may have some secret understanding with China will not be discussed by administration officials while the Russian
forces a,re co-operating with the Americans in China, The Idea advanced by- a London dispatch that the Russian Govern- :
ment Is deltbt-rately sending its Minister out, so that if he should be murdered the Russian clalmfor indemnity would be
stronger than .that of Germany is regarded here as impossible. ¦-
"WILL HOLD OUT INDEFINITELY^
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The following dispatch communicating an additional message from Minister Conger was
made public this morning by. the. State Department: - . . &3%S&§£&B$& ! >- ' --':'
"CANTON, Aug. 11.— Secretary of State, Washington— Conger, date August 10, Tslnan.i announcing ; my ; message,
says that'the legations are under siege by the imperial soldiery. vThe situation Is desperate. The losses of the lega
tions are sixty killed and about 100 wounded. 'There Is some; sickness; -nevertheless the general health continues good. • He
concludes- 'Whatever may be the outcome, we will hold 'out Indefinitely.' ':y-.^' <:/*;¦- ¦v-.'jMcWADE.'^.::
In the opinion of the Stale* Department the value, of -the Conger message is considerably, reduced, by the uncertainty", as
to Its date. The date of August 10 at Tslnan certainly that the dispatch of the message from. Peking could' not
have been less than three or four days earlier. .' Tslnan Is a large -, town , on the main . Shanghai road, about 225 miles south
of Peking. It ! certainly would have '¦ had. to \ travel by courier all ¦ the way I to , Shanghai 'and ; be retransmitted from . that
point to have reached Consul McWade at Canton. T The information it contained is practically Identical ; with the State De
partment'u message of August 6, and the 'only cheering feature is his plucky, concluding sentence: "Whatever may be the
outcome, we will hold out Indefinitely." ' - "- ''-../.
ADVANCE OF THE ALLIED FORCES
SEVERE PUNISHMENT
METED OUT TO ASHANTIS
Colonel Burrows Surprises a Camp
Near Xumassi and Bayonets Are
Used With Fatal Effect.
BAKWAI, Aug. 11.— A column of 700
men under Colonel Burrows has returned
from Kumassl. having reinforced and re
ratior.rd the fort for two months. The
force attacked and destroyed three old
stockades after a desperate bayonet
charge. In which four officers and thirty
four native soldiers were wounded and
throe killed. On the night of August 7
Colonrl Burrows attacked an Ashanti
.war camp near Kumass!. surprising the
camp and bayonetting the enemy. Great
numbers were 6lain, without a gun being
fired. A lieutenant was killed and two
men were wounded.
Other flying columns axe gt>!rg out and
it is believed that the punishment In
flicted will not soon be forgotten, though
Fevcral defeats are Ftill needed to clear
the country south of Kuraassi of the
rebels.
BOER FORCES DRIVEN
FROM AMEERSPOORT
Lord Roberts Reports That All Con
cerned in a Clumsy Plot to Kid
nap Him Are Under Arrest.
"LONDON'. Aug. il.— The War Office to
day received the following message from
Lord Roberts:
"PRETORIA, Aug. lO.-Johannesburg
reports that a patrol from the water
works was attached Augrust 7.
"Bu'le-r attacked Ameerspoort the even-
In? of August 7. The enemy retired be
fore his force six miles before Axneer
spoort was reached. The casualties were
twenty men wounded.
"Duller was en the north bank of Relst
spruit August D. on his way to Erraclo,
LOKDOIC, Aug. 12, 4 a. m.— The only news received last night relative to the advance on Peking was found : In a belated :•!
Toklo dispatch of August 9, according to which, after the capture, of VYangtsun on 'August 6, "it was arranged that two/"
battalions of Japanese Infantry, a squadron of cavalry, [a battery 'of ; mounted artillery. /arid' a company: of ' engineers V
should march on August 7 in advance of the main, body, of sallies and occupy Tsitsun, five miles north ' of Yangtsun. .
Other dispatches merely * repeat the details of the capture of Yangtsun.-; One T cable: message, ;'. however/ credits the i
Emperor of. Korea with giving, permission fcr v the laying of a'cable between Taku and: Chemulpo. A -Yokohama dispatch of
the date of August 11 says that the" Korean Government hasconsented.to.thedlspatchof JapaneseHroops to Korea for; the ,
purpose of providing for the emergencies growing out of the Chinese troubles. ¦ '. '
Various rumors having their origin In Chinese sources; are floating .'around; Shanghai.' One of these rumors is to the ef
fect that Prince Tuan and. his followers arc preparing to leave Peking in case the allies should succeed in getting near the.
capital. W*m8K&B8SV&&QBBim*f;: ¦„¦¦'. V : ;.';, . '^^raoWW^WBIJB
Reports have been received, in London to the effect thatlthe hospital ship Maine has, arrived. at Colombo,. Ceylon.
Speaking at a Primrose League* demonstration at Eagles^ Cliff.* Lord Londonderry, expressed a hope that when the allies
reach Peking the first step will be the punishment not as In ttie'past of a few subordinates but of the mandarins and others
high in authority. -There, be was of the opinion, all. vengeance- ought to; end., • • • • - • •- ¦ • ? l^^
NEWS SENT FROM FOREIGN CAPITALS.
BY SPECIAL CABLE TO THE CALL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJJ, STOTgAT, AUGUST 12, 1900.
Continued From Page Twenty-one.
CHINA PROMISES TO YIELD, BUT
THE POWERS MAY QUARREL
MADRID, Aug. 11.— The Cabinet has ap
proved the extradition convention be
tween Spain and the United States.
Extradition Convention Approved.
Rides to iRailroad Station Accom
panied by Cavalry Escort and
Departs for Ostend.
- PARIS. 'Auet. 11.— The official visit of
the Shah of Persia to Paris ended this
morning. Accompanied by President Lou
bet and M. Delcasse, the Minister of for
eign Affairs, his Majesty rode to the rail
road station surrounded by an escort of
cavalry and started for Ostend.
Firemen Will Strike.
MARSEILLES, Aug. 11.— The firemen of
the Trans-Atlantic Steamship Company
have decided to strike, beginning to-mor
row. It is feared the movement will
spread to other lines. •
SHAH OF PERSIA'S VISIT
TO PARIS IS ENDED
which they hurl their anathemas. The
Libre Parole says:
"We will be considered a nation of the
second part — in fact, a part of the Ger
man confederation," while -the Echo de
Paris .speaks of the humiliation of the
French soldiery and the sacrifice therein
imposed. What makes the dose more nau
seating Is the fact that General Negrier
on July 24 pleaded to be Bent to China,
but his offer to go was not accepted. He
outranks Count von Waldersee, and thus
it would have been permitted to France
to hold the leading ortlce. The announce
ment in Berlin that France acquiesced in
the selection of the commander in chief
Is at least premature. No such acknowl
edgment has been admitted, so the For
eign Office informed a representative of
the Associated Press, but there is no dis
position to stand out against the other
powers in consenting when Count von
Waldersee shall have reached China.
France Will Do Its Duty.
"ThS3 hubbub." said a member of
France's ofllcial family, "is purely politi
cal and is not disconcerting. We have a
present duty to perform, which is the im
mediate relief of the Christians In Pe
king. Surely none expects, in the face of
the appeals for rescue, that the allies will
camp out while the Ministers ¦telegraph
urging immediate assistance. It will be
the middle of October when Count von
Waldersee arrives. la there any one who
counsels inactivity for that time? The
cable dispatches from our Minister to
China. M. Plchon, leave no question as to
the advisability of -quick action, for It is
evident that the dynasty is painfully anx
ious to rid Itself, of the foreign Ministers
in order to arrest the march of the allies
on Peking. It is equally certain that It
means almost sure death to all foreigners
to order the legations to accept a Chi
nese escort, which would probably mas
sacre them. We must march, and all
France's influence must be brought to
bear in this direction. We need no gen
eralissimo to accomplish this." ¦ _
Paris, which began seriously to doubt
that M. Pichon or any of the legation
«taff was living, was intensely relieved on
Thursday when the Minister's message
arrived. The tone of the dispatch was
warmly applauded, as indicating that the
official position of France was not one of
aggrandizement but one of simple regard
tSt the lives and property of the Chrls-
Recalls the High Court.
The recent announcement of decorations
conferred gave the reactionary press an
opportunity to recall the proceedings of
the High Court which exiled MM. Derou
lede and Guerin. In the list of those or
namented are found the names of nearly
all those who were prominently connected
with the prosecution before the court,
1 thus permitting the suggestion that they
have finally received their salaries. The
courts this week have also had a souvenir
of the High Court in the proceedings
against Dr. de Vllllers, charged with in
sulting Dr. Pozzl, after sentence had been
passed upon Derouiede. Dr. Pozzi was a
member of the court. The men met at a
club and De Vllliers said: "I am sorry to
1 see you, since you dared to condemn De
roulode, whom a jury had acquitted." The
result was a duel. In which Dr. Pozzl was
wounded. Although a reconciliation was
effected, the Government decided upon, a
PARIS, Aug. 11.— Though official Franc©,
when forced to a decision, will graciously
admit the superior rank of Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee and acknowledge
him as generalissimo of the allied troops
In China, the Paris press and French citi
zens will accept the situation with a gri
mace such as bitter medicine produces.
Though years have passed, the time Is not
long enough to efface the memory of the
day when the German troops inarched
along the Champs Elysees, and so it is
even thought an expeditionary force un
der a German commander will be suffi
cient to throw the anti-Republican preps
into Qualms of ..resentment. Naturally,
the Government is the object against
However, the B«public Will Do Its
* Duty and Lend All Possible Aid
in Rescuing the Foreigners
Copyright, 1900, by Associated Press.
Acceptance of a German for
Chief a Bitter Dose
to Swallow.
FRANCE DOES
NOT RELISH THE
WORK IN CHINA
Next Saturday the official announcement
cf the awards of the Exposition juries will
be made. The occasion will be very Im
posing. The ceremonies will take place In
the Salle des Fetes, and the President ot
the republic, his Cabinet and other func
tionaries will be present. The general
commission of each country Is expected
to inarch to the place assigned, preceded
by Its national flag, guards, staff, etc. A
magnificent musical programme has been
arranged. At the same time decorations
will be bestowed upon some members of
the foreign commission. So great pres
sure has been brought to bear by those
holding costly concessions that the au
thorities have finally agreed to-a 'scaling
of the prices originally fixed. A commit
tee also has been appointed, consisting of
M. Plquart, the Commissioner General of
the Exposition; his directors, the manag
ers of four of the leading papers and the
managers of the Opera Comique, the Come-,
die Francalse and the Theatre rlu Chate
let, for the purpose of arranging a series
of fetes. The first of these occurred. on
Friday night last, taking the form or a
Venetian fete. The Seine was alive with
brightly illuminated boats, carrying bands
of music, living tableaux and fireworks.
One hundred and fifty craft participated..
The affair was very successful.
On Sunday a new set of American
wheelers will contend in the bicycle meet
beginning on that" clay at Princess Park."
Next to France, America has the greatest
number of entries. Harry Elkes. who was
expected to win the 100-kilometer race,
sent his entry too late and will not be
allowed to contest.' *
An expert comparison of the receipts for
the month of July at the present and past
expositions shows a considerable decrease
this year. > " !
Awards of the Exposition.
22
.'__/__ _ _ _ _ ADVERTISEMENTS. . '_
f¥ SOCIETY \\
/ f DEMANDS \ >
/ f ROM WOMAN \
/ a smiling face. It demands brightness X
and amiability or it turns its back upon her.
The result is a mask. Nine-tenths of our women
rise in the morning, peevish, miserable, unhappy. But
the mask must go on to. meet the eyes of the world,
However much a woman may control her expression
she cannot hide the dullness of her eyes, the sallow hue
of her skin, or the haggard lines which suffering only
draws upon her face. These telltale signs of poor health
may be obliterated only by eradicating the cause.
The root of .the majority of woman's sickness may
be traced to congestions, irritations, inflammations, etc.,
of the mucous lining of the organs of womanhood.
This is why Pe-ru-na so quickly cures troubles of this
sort. It is essentially a tonic for the delicate membrane
which lines the entire body, revitalizing it and eradicat-
ing weakness and disease.
. Women are especially subject to the suffering caused
by irritation of this lining and will find in Pe-ru-na a
valuable and sure means of renewing their health and
strength.
For a free copy of "HEALTH and BEAUTY" ad-
dress Dr. Hartman, President of the Hartman Sanita-
rium, Columbus, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j _ t _ i _ ot _ ij _ >jrv>^^ > _ >>j _ ij< _^_^^^ . . ¦ ¦ ¦¦»
In order that many
people who were unable
to attend our big PIANO
SALE last week may
hare a chance at some
of our GREAT PIANO
BARGAINS we continue
the sale this week.
WE MADE A RECORD
i » SELLING PIANOS fi
LAST WLEK!
The J. NOONAN
FURNITDRE COMPANY (Inc.),
W1 7-1023 MISSION STREET,
AIJOVE SIXTH,
Phon» Booth 14. H*a Fnaoijc*,
BDTTLhU' ' HE DjIflLLERY*
PURE-Agea3VK3l.E53M£.
Vse<fm//}eMe<//cd/&epdrt/Ke/7f3 of Me
U.S. ARMY Bf NAVY Service;
William Wolff 4 co.
T Sam Francisco, distributors.^
£ewor* of imitations Of rtjtlled BoHl*3.*
visit OR JORDAN'S great f
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
W SpW^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
__, ,-Hf World. V? »J;net«>» et any contracted &
W 4__SsG3t di»ea« pe«ltl»«-lr«nreaoytheotdest X
ht IS? Sfl Specialist mtlfeCout Est -fi y^an- V
A R&Sl 08. JCRD/lH-PRI/ATE CISIASES #
\ BjjrljbbfK tuwltutet frwn «nd stric«ypri»»te. \
V fl or tlH /*••"*• iVroin e»eiycascun>:;rta«-eT. T
\S| ill* Wrtefor Book. PBILOSOPBVef i
§ * il M -1' ja&nnlAttc. mailed FiiBS. (Af
A il /L »«l"al>'» book ** tara > A
PEERLESS OIL COMPANY
IS PREPARED TO SUPPLY
FUEL OIL
By the carload, in any quantity, at any ran-
road station.
Address Room 47. Eighth Floor. Mills Build-
in?. San Francisco. ! "
KADWAVS IIKAHY RELIEF baa BtaO^
i unrivaled before the public for SO year? aa
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and qulckty
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache, Tothache and all pains. Internally
fcr Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All dniRlsti.A Kansas City baker has brought suit
against a ¦, woman for $2000 damages for
spreading - a report that- he kneaded his
bred with his feet, which ; he regards as
slanderous. .The defendant ;• says > that * at
the trial nhe will putin bread .with fo'ot-
North Pacific. No lives were lost, the
crew escaping to shore In the lifeboats
Five of them were picked up by the Al
liance and brought to this city, while the
remainder boarded the whaler "Walter
Ride. ' '
The ¦ Minnie Is reported to be a total
loss. She was : a forty-five ton vessel
owned in Victoria. B.C.. by Captain Vic
tor Jacpbson,- her master.*
Wonderful Track Bicvcle.
EpwdsJ Dle;>atch to The Call
p, SACRAMENTO.. Aup. 1L-J. L. John-
r e-.n, employed in a local electrical estab
lishment, has invented a sort of track bi
cycle which makes the old velocipede used
by railroad section men appear like an
ice wajrori. Robinson easily skims over
the rails a.t the rate ot thirty miles an
hoTir. He has been in the habit of travel
ing: all over the railroad lines of this sec
tion on this contrivance. The other day
he -was pplnr/.np down from Tehama
County, beating aJI time schedules, when
t.t Rosevnie th«» railroad men confiscated
h!a machine. Robinson declares he, has
as much right to run on the rails as to
xcalk on the tics, and threatens suit to re-
VANCOUVER. Aug. lL-The statement
that the Dominion Government had
ebollshed the 10 per cent royalty on the
1 ukon. substituting therefore a 3 per
c«nt tax and *>stabli^hlng a compulsorv
essay offlc^ in Dawwn, Is officially denied
cy tie illnister of th.* Interior.
Denies the Seport.
Canadian Minister of the Interior
ROYALTY XOT ABOLISHED.
Padua's pilgrims to Rome for the Jubi
lee will make the journey on bicycles.
filled with poison.
Wealth of the Schefers.
Mrs. Schefer was 63 years old and came
from a wealthy family In Switzerland. It
Is said she brought to her husband as her
marriage portion something like $15,000.
He owns fourteen shares of stock in the
Bank of Ukiah and has some property
around the town. Besides money on de
posit in banks it is said he has some
burled under his house. About $100 was
found in the house when he was arrested.
Mr. and Mrs. Felt are occupying t the
place temporarily.
THE UNFORTUNATE SCHEFERS. THEIR HOME AT UKIAH AND
THE JUDGE WHO HEARD THE PROCEEDINGS IN LUNACY AGAINST
THE MAD HUSBAND.
VALLEJO. Aug. 11.— An accident that
is almost sure to prove fatal happened
here at 7 o'clock this evening. A lad
named Ernest Johnson was turning a cor
ner on a bicycle, when he was run Into
and knocked down by two horses attached
to a heavy wagon. Tha horses became
frightened and commenced to kick, frac
turing the boy's skull. The little fellow
was also hurt internally. The driver
made strenuous efforts to save the lad.
Fatal Accident at Vallejo.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. U.— John Fitz
gerald was not sentenced to-day for the
murder of John Lennon. At 1:30 this
afternoon he appeared In court without
his attorney. Judge Lawlor, whx> presid
ed at the trial of the case, waa also ab
sent. Judge Duck, who was present,
stated that the defendant's attorney. L.
P. Boardman, had requested a continu
ance in the matter for one week. The
time for passing sentence was continued
until next Saturday.
Fitzgerald's Sentence Postponed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
More than two months ago mynelf and hus
band took dinner with the Schefers and she
nermed in fairly good health then. We had
soup fish and meat, my husband bringing the
flfh from downtown. I used to go over quite
often and help Mrs. Schefer with her sewing
She told me about her husband's fears anrl
paid that she often denied herself of things
Ju«t to humcr him. He liked to be boss and
she always let him have his own way. For
fear that the enemy would put poison In the
house he etuffed the cracks under the win
dows and doors with paper and cloth. Often
times it was bo close In the house Mrs. Schefer
could hardly breathe. She was troubled with
asthma a rood deal.
Schefer's Queer Ideas.
She told me ehe used to weigh 170 pounds
but a week before her death I don't believe
she welched much over 100. Schefer had news
paper clippings about deaths and accidents
caused by poisoning pasted al! over the hnuse
and he also had a book, a chemical work by*
a German scientist, from which he read every
day. He had a lot of coal oil cans stored In
thf kitchen. They were empty and at night
they would vibrate, causing a noise, which he
mistook for the firing of the poison and fever
balls by the enemy. I believe that toward the
ord he convinced his wife that the noise really
was shooting. /
The stories that he abused his wife are false!
He thought the world of her. and honestly be
licvlnu that some one . was trying . to poison
them he kept food from her to Insure her
safety. It has also been reported that Schefer
compelled his . wife to ' draw a plow while he
eteered the machine. He owned no plow the
only thing of the kind on the farm being a
small cultivator. He might have had her draw
this along, as many wives would be glad to do
lor their husbands. •
There were ¦ thirteen sacks of • flour in the
house besides a lot of dried food, .but he for
bade her using any of It, as he said It was
While confined in the hospital in Ukiah
awaiting his hearing he wrote a letter to
the Governor in which he stated that hia
enemies had already been partially suc
cessful In their plot, having killed his
wife. Then follows a string of accusa
tions in which he singles out those whom
he believes are attempting to kill him
Amorg those who visited Mrs. Schefer
most frequently during several 'weeks
VTr\?, r . to k er death we «"e Mr. and Mrs.
William Felt. Their acquaintance had
covered a period of three months Mr
Felt said to a Call correspondent to-day-
On the advice of Dr. Hatch of the State
Lunacy Commission Schefer was ordered
e-ommitted to the State Asylum at Kapa
Before leaving he begged to Judge Man
non to save him from what he declared a
conspiracy to get rid of him. He admit
ted to the Judge that he had written over
300 pages of letters to Governor Gage and
his predecessor, begging them to protect
him from his enemies.
At the examination he was confronted
with the letter and was asked to produce
the shells. He returned to the house In
company with an officer and brought back
several mud cells about the size of a bean
Dr. Wyckoff handed one to Judge Mannon,
who proceeded to open it cautiously. The
crust was cut with a penknife and out
flev/ a young wasp. Schefer said he must
have made a mistake In picking up the
balls.
Produces the Poison Balls.
It had been intended to remove the
woman to the hospital the first of the
week, but Bhe sank rapidly and the end
came about 5 o'clock Monday afternoon.
Schefer was "given a hearing before
Judge Mannon on Monday morning. The
letter which he had written to Governor
Gage was first introduced as evidence. In
this letter he described his wife's illness
as very critical and attributed it to the
poison, which was being scientifically ad
ministered to her by their enemies. The
poison, he WTOte, was inside small balls
or capsules, which were fired Into his
house at night. These balls; he said, were
in three sizes — large, medium and small.
He wrote that he had picked up several
of the balls that had failed to explode
and he was ready to submit them as evi
dence. The cat had swallowed one, he
said, and had refused to eat anything for
throe days thereafter.
He was asked if a doctor had attended
on his wife, and he replied in the negative.
The constables then Informed him tnat he
was under arrest and that he must come
with them to the Courthouse. He went
along rather reluctantly. Drs. Wyckoff
and Stout were sumomned to attend Mrs.
Schefer. They found the woman suffer
ing from lack of nourishment, and sho
was also troubled with eczema on her
right arm and other parts of the body.
She was very weak and could speak
barely above a whisper. On the stove the
doctors found a pot partially filled with
cold mush. This, with the exception'of a
few pieces of stale bread, was all there
was to eat in the house.
"My wife is very sick and I wish you
wouid not disturb her," Schefer said
calmly.
Judge Mannon issued a warrant for
Schefer's arrest Saturday morning and
Constables Briggs and Lynch went to the
house about noon. Everything appeared
to be closed up, but the back door was
found unlocked and the constables entered
without the formality of knocking. The
air was fetid and hot. The men proceeded
to the front end of the house, where they
found Schefer lying at the foot of a bed,
which was occupied by his wife.
An Awful Sight
Their mode of operation, ho claimed,
was to feed the cattle and poultry with
food that contained poison. This poison,
he maintained, was compounded with a
chemical mixture which caused the deadly
ingredients to affect the milk and eggs.
The Grand Jury, after hearing his testi
mony, referred the matter to Judge Kob
ert McGarvey, who ordered that Schefer
be committed to the Mendocino asylum.
Schefer seemed entirely sane upon all
other matters and talked intelligently to
the physicians and attendants at the in
stitution. He was, after a short period
of detention, paroled and discharged. He
returned to Uklah and again settled down
on his farm and nothing more was heard
from him until a week ago last Friday,
when Othman Stevens, secretary of the
State Lunacy Commission, acting under
orders from Governor Gage, wrote to
Judge Mannon, advising- the examination
of Schefer. ;
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— The steamer Al
liance arrived from Nome to-day with
news of the wreck In Bfihrlng Sea of the
Victoria whaling schooner. Minnie on July
26 In a. dense fog. The Minnie was driven
on the reefs of Ugamok Island, at the
entrance to Unlmak Pass, through which
*>>« was trylns'to beat her way into the
Her Way North, Runs on the
Reefs at TJnimah, Pass.
The Minnie, While Trying to Beat
WRECK OF WHALING
SCHOONER IN BERING SEA
The front entrance of the house is
screened by a thickly covered grape arbor.
The house Itself is a one-story wooden
| structure, with three 'rooms— kitchen,
living room and bedchamber. A cowbarn
of limited dimensions and two or three
small outhouses complete what up to one
week ago to-day served as the home of
John Henry Schefer and his wife, Anna
Klizabeth Schefer.
To-day, when a Call representative vis
ited the farm, there was a weird stillness
about the place. The barn was empty of
its cattle and poultry, the curtains of the
house were drawn and the screech of a
belated night owl alone disturbed the
quietude of the scene. .It was the peace
that follows upon, a tragedy.
One week ago next Tuesday afternoon
the final chapter was enacted In a pitiful
dread drama that is without parallel in
this county. If Indeed it has its equal in
the entire State — a tragedy the awful
realization of which will probably never
come to the clouded mind of the living
principal.
When the' Schefers Came to Ukiah.
The story leading up to last week's
tragedy begins back in 18S4. The Schefers
had then lived in the town about twelve
years. They came here from Switzerland,
and soon after their- arrival Schefer
bought the little farm. There are about
two acres of land, and on this he raised
some vegetables, but made a specialty of
stocking honey. He was a third degree
Mason, having joined the order in Europe,
and In consequence many of the promi
nent members of the fraternity In Ukiah
became his friends and customers. tie
appeared to have traveled and studied a
good deal, and though peculiar in manner
at times he was well liked by those with
whom he came in contact.
Nothing unusual occurred until 1834
when one day. while the Orand Jury was
In session, he requested that he be allowed
to appear before that body for the pur
pose of securing an Indictment against
several persons who. he claimed, were
seeking to take his life, as well as that of
his wife, by means of a systematic plan
of poisoning. The persons against, whom
he entered complaint were three of the
prominent Masons who had befriended him
—Judge J. M. Manna, Dr. E. W. Kingr and
Dr. T. L. Barnes.
scented shrubbery. Is a pictur
esque little cottage^ suggesting all the
comforts that the word home implies.
The grass is high on either side of the
cottage path and what was probably once
a yielding vegetable patch Is now a tangle
of shrubs, grass and wild flowers.
UKIAH. Aug. 11.— At the extreme
northwesterly section of this
town, nestled amid a cluster of
thickly foliaged trees and sweet-
estimated to be worth from 510.000
who lived penuriously. is variously
to J40.000, and it is said some of the
gold is buried in the vicinity of the
4 house.
Nothing: more was heard from
Schefer until a week ago last Fri
day, when Judge Mannon received
a letter from Othman Stevens, sec
retary of the State Lunacy Com
mission, who. acting- upon the ad
vice of Governor Gage, who had
received a number of communica
tions from Schefer. requested an
examination into the man's sanity.
A warrant for his arrest was Is
sued by Judge Mannon Saturday
morning. Constables R. W. Briggs
and Thomas Lynch went to the
house and placed Schefer under ar
rest. They found Schefer sitting
at the foot of the bed talking to
his wife, who was In bed and ap
parently suffering intense pain.
The room was hot and stuffy.
Every crack and crevice waa
stopped with papers and cloth. The
woman, who it was learned had
long been a sufferer from asthma,
was panting for breath. Her right
arm and hand were bandaged. Un
folding the cloth the constables
found the skin raw and terribly
swollen. Drs. "Wyckoff and Stout
were summoned and they diag
nosed the case as one closely re
sembling starvation. Then they -
learned that ail food of a nourish
ing kind had been peremptorily de
nied her for several days. Schefer
imagining that his neighbors had
put poison in It. Mrs. Schefer died
Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock and
the next morning the crazy hus
band was taken to Napa.
Neighbors of Schefer say that on
several occasions they saw his frail
wife pulling the plow through the
field back of their house, the hus
band acting as the driver and
steering the machine. Schefer,
Schefer first showed signs of
mental weakness in 1S34, and he
was committed to the Mendoclno
County Hospital. He was dis
charged from the institution about
a year later and he returned to
Uklah and resumed farming with
his wife. : «'
tragedy in Uklah.
Anna Elizabeth Scbefer Is dead —
dead of. fright and starvation— by
tho unwitting: act of her husband,
John Henry Scbefer, who is in tha
Xapa Asylum for the Insane, bab
bling of enemies who fire poisoned
bullets at him In the night. That
In brief Is the close of a pitiful
Telegrams addressed to the Marin and
Trinity County officers seeking informa
tion If any advice had been received from
Taylor brought back negative replies. The
second expedition of four experienced
trailers to take King's trail from here left
early Thursday morning in charge of Gus
Zaccarini. from whom much is expected,
owing to his reputation in Italy as a ban
dit trailer. No news has reached here yet
from the Zaccarini posse.
COVELO, Aug. 12.— Five days now have
elapsed since Sheriff Taylor and posse
took the trail leading from here into the
Anthony Peak region, hot on the track of
both Murderer King and his pilot, the
half-breed Indian. Three members of the
posse returning Thursday and Friday
brought exciting accounts of Taylor's
pursuing party having the fugitives Bur
rounded and giving them battle, but Dep
uty Sheriff Redwine has not since thtn
received any word that would assure him
that Sheriff Taylor still holds the trail of
the fleeing men, and in consequence con
siderable anxiety is felt here for the wel
fare of the manhunters.
REDDIXG. Aug. 11.— Sheriff Taylor of
Marin County, announced as missing, was
in Redding Thursday. He took the stage
here for Weaverville to continue the chaso
of fugitive King.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deputy Sheriff Eedwine Is at Coveld
Awaiting News From His Chief,
While a Fourth Posse
Takes the Trail.
Sheriff Taylor Goes to Weiv
erville to Search for
the Fugitive.
NO CESSATION
IS HUNT FOR
SLAYER KING
Oeorr* F. Vrilcox -ia« a far^spr at Krlsey
vilie. Hln -wife left Mm. be-aupe of infellcltv.
«ifl ha<i c^ne to l!ie with l^er brother.
Price, at Lytton E&rlan. would not re
turn to him, arid p« lie resolved to kill her. j
On TTedne-sday. Uaroh 7. of this year, he drove i
To Lyttcn Srnvifs and went to the Price house. I
H» trtej to m.iuf-e her to return, and they I
<;uarre.led. Ehe v.rr,t into th» kitchen and v.a« !
kneeling s.t tjie rtove. building a fire, whe:*
be drew a revolver and fired at her. the bullet
ft-llnnc her in the r .er-k. She creamed, cry
'^ r 2 U^ ." • Geor P*- dr-n't." II- flred afrain.
¦•¦* bullet entPri^s one of her eyes She fell
end holdine th« riftol rje^e to' her head, he
fire^ a t!.i r ,i s v, ot Php iivpii fever& i hours
After nis utcM. he claimed he wa? tempcrajl
insane when lie committed the deed.
SAXTA R OSA. Aug. 11.— G«orire F "tc-ii
at Lytton Springs on March 7 last, to-day
Srffr r^ ty la **"***"** 2 of the Su
perior Court, and was sentenced to life
imprisonment at San Quentln
¦UUcox had been tried once before, .the
Jury disagreeing. Ills second trial would
•Votahly have taken place within a few
I'-.eekB. He had in the meantime decided
1 3 plead ffullty, and hence was arraigned
£>«or« Judge Burnett to-day.
¦WUcox was unattended by counsel and
presented a most pitiful appearance. Ho
hardly seemed to know what he was do
le^ and was continually prompted by his
-atner. •who occupied a seat near him.
TValle "Wilcox'a action will come as a
£*eal surprise to most people, it has been
know to a few for several days that be
mlg-Jii change his plea to guilty at any
time. Wilcox's fatr.er arrived here from
Pasadena a few days ago and since then
has been in daily consultation with his
eon at the County Jail.
In sentencing Wilcox Judge Burnett
raid:
Toa have b^en trlci once. Mr. Wilcox, upon
this charge of murdering vour wife. That trial
v " *¦¦»<* before & Jury of apparent Intelligence
end honesty. I tun personally acquainted with
nearly &n the jurors who tried you and can
attribute to them nothing else than a. desire to
«2o tketr whole duty in the jiresnlses.
They all i>ald remarkable attention to the
proceed :iigs durirg the progress of the trial,
which lastM nearly four weeks. You were ably
defended and ably prosecuted. A larj;e num
r»r of wlttxss.!; vere examined, including: per
fonal tcquajntar.ets ar.J eijitTts on the subiect
cf insar.::y. There was an irreconcilable con
f.ict upon the Qu^tion of year mental cou'lition
at th«^ tine of the botniolde. The Jury delib
erated for three d*ys and nights upon Iheir
iTfilrt and «<re ur.able to a^n* and »ere
rnally &ischarce«i. Three of the jurors, as 1
have b«ea informal, believed you were Irre
sponsible at th» time you fatally shot your
unfortunate wife. The others, irs order to avoid I
« mistrial, were willinp to find a verdict of j
murder la the sr-<?on<i degree. While not lr.j
rugT.iri? the motive of any of the jurors. I am
frank to ?ta!e thrft I was somewhat Fun>risc-d
«t their inal'iUry Va reach an afrretment. I atu j
?•ntirely w tinned from tha evidence that you '¦
knew th? nature ar.d quality of the act when '
you so cruelly rtruck down your lnoSCcnsivft j
victim, and yrt. I believe, you are i- man of !
little meni*".1ty— that you are below the aver- ;
b«' in intollipence. and ttiat. by reason of '•
Tsr.cied wraagii you were at the time of the ]
homicide near *»nouirh to the birdrr line of '
mental lrini|MMialbUity to Justly exempt you !
k' - m the titlCTW penalty of the law that '
'^^ojld probably r«? ri;etcd out to one more s«n- i
troofXy endowed with mental rapacity if h« '
Khould conunit a crime of each frlphtful airoc- ,
ttjr.
The »5irFrrremrnt of the ijr>- at your trial, j
;our mer.ta.1 condition at the lim.- of the homl- !
fide, a:id your rr*>vious rocI <haracter ur« the j
circtirr.sta-.c"?!. w!.ich have led m» to the con- I
elusion tn^t life imDri^innient will l>e a jUFt '
nni ade'-jua^e puntehmevt for your crime an.l !
Bt the Kune Time Fatirfy the Bernards of en- j
licfatened r>ub!Sc sentisicnt. The sentence of
? h* lf.w and the juiicrnrnt of the court as that 1
you be imr>rit,oned in ths- penitentiary at Fan
Qucmm curit:^ the t<rm cf your natural life.
Lytton Springs Murderer
Enters Plea of Guilty at
Santa Rosa.
¦ — ?¦
Judffe Burnett Cites the Seasons' That
Prozapt Htm. to "Waiv» Infliction
of the Extreme
'- Penalty.
Sptcltl Disjvitch to The Call.
WIFE SLAYER
WILCOX GOES TO
PRISON FOR LIFE
MAD HUSBAND OF UKIAH STARVES WIFE
TO DEATH, BELIEVING ALL FOOD POISONED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^vAUGUST 12; 1900.
23
50c 75c $8.00
No trying on.
A lot of ladies' tan Oxfords
left; if you find your size you
get them for 1 -4 the cost
of manufacture;- prices, .
Prices too low — can't try
them on for you.
50c $1.00 $1.50
Ladies' shoes in bins" have
been selling at a rapid rate —
not many left — small sizes and
narrow widths only. Especially
good school shoes for young
girls. HI
Ball and party slippers —
buy now— season will be here
soon.
SI.05
Ladies' satin slippers, point-
ed toes only — colors red, yel-
low, white, blue, black — sold
as high as $3.50; sale price
now
Ladtes'
Boys' and children's. shoe3
in bins going fast — parents are
taking advantage of one-quar-
ter of the former prices.
Men's high grade shoes —
Johnston & Murphy's. Banis-
ter's, Boyden's and other fine
makes — lines complete — this
season's styles — useless to
mention prices— all reduced
to cost of- manufacture.
$2.35
. Can't be duplicated for less
than $3.50.
Men's shoes in bins at Si. 00
and $1.50, are about all gone,
but some regular $3.00 goods
are being sold for
$1.65 to $1.90
They are selling at $3.00 in
every other shoe store in the
city.
Men's black Vici kid shoes
— good styles, all sizes; only
Men s and Boys
f^y \.jb . ITlCll JVC L J L #
Shoes in bins cannot be fitted by salesmen — prices so low that time cannot
be taken.. All 0: her shoes; are] fitted carefullv.
Remember, no shoes will be exchanged. :
j S:ock is still quite. ccmple;e, but is goin^fast. You can get what you want
now, but don't delay— this week may see some of the best lines all sold out.
A practical saving of $1.35.
Ladies' hand - turned lace
shoes, kid tops — -nice, stylish
goods — were $4.00; now
$2.65
New goods — • last shoes
Lucke bought before he de-
s cided to sell out
$3.15
T 1- » 1 ' 1 1 11
• Ladies kid an«J cloth top
lace shoes, French heels, all
sizes and widths from AAA
to E.
One of the best bargains in
$1.85
Enough people have found this out to crowd the store from the opening of
the sale until eleven o r clock last night.
Old shoe men say that they have never witnessed such a phenomenal sale
of shoes.
The stock is first class — of the very best makes — and prices are cut so low
that you can absolutely get -"A year's shoes for a day's wages."
Whether you need them now or not, you should tuy while you can get
three pairs for the price of one.
The sale continues at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning. Thousands more bar-
gains similar to these below: .
Ladies' regular stock goods
in button and lace, all sizes —
will fit you carefully; formedy
$3.00 shoe; now
A yetr's shoes for
Never in the history of San Francisco have fine shoes been sold as low as
they are now selling at Lucke's. ' .
"Lucke is selling out."
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
I GRAND HOTEL
DOTTCUI7C TOn BARBERS. BAK-
JjilUOrijUO T". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard ta!-.'»->,
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. flourmiUs. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, bailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturer*. 6O9 SssramontoSt.
HEALD'S BUSmESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century: has %
national reputation, and was one of to* faw
¦chools selected to represent the development
cf commercial education at ths Parts Exposi-
tion; over 17.C0O rraduatea successfully apply-
ing; their knowledge; 260 graduates annually
placed in positions; 25 teachers; open tha entire
year: new 80-page catalogue free.
STJARYMLLEGE
OAKLAND, GAL.
STUDIES will be resumed VTEDNESDAT.
Auzust 1st. 1900.
BP.O. ERMINOLn. President.
Hitchcock School,
8A> PAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separat* Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BECTN'S ACCrST UTH-
REV. C. ITITCHCOCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL.
It is desired to correct an erroneous Impres-
sion that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will open as usual MONDAY, August *.
Only boys of good moral character are taken.
G. S. MEAD. ZX2 Central ave.
ST. MATTHEW'S MIL &
SAN MATKO. CAL. For catalogue and illus-
trated circular address
REV. XT. A. BR5TWFR. A. B.. Rector.
HAM LIN SCHOOL Pnd
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
HO Jacksnn st.. San Francisco. Boarding ami
Day Schocl for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. !>>!an<i Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity. Va»far. and Smith CoHeir's. Reopens Au-
ltu*t C 1900. SARAH D. HAMLCT. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC I^ecI 5
Has the largest and he3t equipped departments
In the West. Regular bustness and shorthand
course. Students mav enter at any time. All
graduates l;i responsible positions. Free cata-
logue. Oakland. Cal.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
kt«€»: seminary course accredited to th%
Universities: rara opportunities offered In muMs.
•rt «nd elocution. Write for ratalog-u* to ilK.s
C. T. MIIJ.S. Pre«.. Mills Colleges P. O.. Cal.
Thirty nfth year: fall- term opens Au*. 8. WOJ.
NEWSPAPER S^azine
Illustration'. PAUTINGTON'S resumes Aufrust
1. Day and nlcrht classes. Apply K. L. PART-
INCTO.N. 424 Pine »t.. S. F. _^
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for youns UAtes, ;m
California *t.. will reopen Aucust f. 1300. Ac-
credited to ths Universities; primary department
for children: carrt»a» will call. REV. Er>-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
AHDEFISON ACADEMY,
Formerly university Academy. Alameda. * haa
been removed to Irvtncton. Site ot fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: clbn&to unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grooada la-
Tlted. W. .W. ANDERSON. Principal.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
There Is a disease prevailing in thb
country most dangerous because so decep-
: \\\\ M pylmtive. Many sudden
?Trt Vk \CS P^ deaths are caused by
lS29ra«9^S! u — hcart disease -
rfff!j!^ Tvb&y v'fcVT^ pnsumonia. heart
I Il>? ITTI failure or aooplsxy
J|i\35li^?rv n r a re cften th ® result
'/iVNs of kidney disease. If
'/ySET-rftlf (A £T|! kidney trouble is al-
?TlL"^! *f \\ \\ V 1 ! l° ws d t° advance the
\^v ~ *"^J^T^' ' " blood will attack the
NMmmanZM^ vital organs or the
kidneys themselves breaft down and waste
away cell by cell.
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a curs is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment cf
ths kidneys. If you ara feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, ths great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to ho!d urine ar.d scald-
ing pain in passing it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity cf being compelled to
go often during the day. ar.d to get u? many
times during the night. Ths mild and ths
extraordinary effsct of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists in fifty-cent and cr.e-dollar
sized bottles. You may fc<*^_
have a sample bottle of igjoVWafcjI&alr^ 5 **
this wonderful new dis- kS^?5H R£££23]
covery and a book that
tells all about it. both nomeofswamp-noot
sent free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper.
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. JCN'E 22. 1S39.-I TAKE THI3
means of expressing my thanks to Dr. Wong
*p V Him. 115-11? Mason »t .
/f^»K*3fi*i2i "• !'¦• ' ur having cure>l
KrH^'sQ IT1 ° of kidney, worr..>
Wi> fl trouble and cancer of
yv*i^ f et-.mach. I was a gr-'n:
Uf A\ g sufferer for 13 years, and
*J£>(**>1 1 found no permanent re-
/$££*/ lief until I tried Dr.
.jfig*-.,/^ Woni Him. and in aix
V®!*!^ 1 *^ JRj^V months" time he haa
T<O$i > ' l V'«tf??*V,V*» cure-' Bie. Any t^rs-n
*&**>¦¦ pi^^^W wishing me t,> certify
**««£*,**£>-•• this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole. Contra Costa County. Cal.
SAX FRANCISCO (Cal.). Oct. 13. 1S9S.— To
Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that
Dr. Wonff Him of 113-U7 Ma3on street. Ban
Francisco, has cured me entirely of Bricht'a
disease of the kidneys and consumption of the
bowels of lone standing, and I am only ton
lappy to make this statement for tha benefit of
a!l troubled In any way by diseases. You will
find the doctor a gentleman In every way. V«ry
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
881 Fulton street. San Francisco.
S. F.. Dec. 4. IS39.— Dr. Wong Him. 115-117
Mason *t, S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th« bene-
fit r.J others I wish to make a statement of my
ca*e. which was heart trouble. After treatlr.sr
with six eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong Him
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try hl.i
herb treatment. He did all he claimed ami
after treating six months I am now well and
strong. Your respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 102T Mission at.. S. K.
AKflWSlPBClfpicBfl
"I wocld like toexprsss my gratitude
for tbe benefit received from your won-
derful medicine, ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion.' "writes Mrs. H. C Anderson, of
South Britain, New Haven Co., Conn.,
(Box .13). "Daring: the first month of
pregnancy I could not keep anything
on my stomach. Was so sick that I
had to vfo to bed and stay for weeks. . I
tried d.i5ereat doctors, but with little
benefit. I read about many being
helped by using your medicine so I
thought I would give it a trial. I be-
gjan to take your ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion * in November and t bad a nice
little baby girl in February following.
My baby weighed over eight pounds.
I was only in hard labor about one
hoar and g-ot along; nicely during 1 con-
finement ; was cp and dressed on the
eighth day. I never had the doctor
with me at all. My friends thought
that I was sick a very short time. I
think Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
i'oa is indeed a mother's true friend,
WfZT it helped me wonderfully."
FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION
MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONO,
SICK WOnEN WELL.
ADVE22ISEKENTS.ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. , Saturday. August 11.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Ilinkle, 4 days Xrom Se
attle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CLEOXH— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Greenwood,
hence An; 10.
FORT 11RAGG — Sailed Aue 11— Stmr Xoyo.
for San Francisco.
HOUDA LANDING— Arrived AUff U— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Aujr 9.
OKAYS HARBOR — Arrived Aug 10— Schr
Zampa, from Guaymas. Aug 11 — Schr Sailor
Soy, from Port Hadlock.
Sailed Aug 11— Schr Repeat, for San Fran
cisco.
Teachers with physical are to
be barred from the Chicago schools in fu
ture. Only those of robust physique will
be employed. . i
license. Mr. Sale refused to grant the re
quest, but after. consultation with District
Attorney Long. 'who pronounced this an
unusual case, Mr. Sale granted the license,
and on the following day they were mar
ried.
¦ ¦ -¦ - •
THE DAY'S DEAD
Edward Duryea.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Edward Duryea.
the millionaire starch manufacturer, died
suddenly at his residence at Glencove, L.
I., to-night. Ills wealth is estimated at
J3.000.000.
Edward Marble.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Edward Marble,
playwright and actor, is dead at his late
home in Brooklyn, aged 54 years. He was
particularly well known In the "West
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GERMANTOWN, Cal., Aug. 11.— One
month ago Mr. and Mrs. Christopher Jas
per, who had lived together as husband
and wife for nearly fifty years, were di
vorced. They are now in San Francisco
on what might be termed their golden
honeymoon.
They were married in Germany nearly
fifty years ago and now have several
gTOwn sons and daughters besides some
grandchildren. When their fine farm was
about to be divided, a month after the de
cree of divorce had been granted, the old
couple could stand It no longer and aijreed
to again wed. Accordingly Mr. Jasper
sought County Clerk Sale to procure a
Secure a Decree of Separation After
a Month.
Half a Century of Wedded Life,
but Are Beunited Within
Romance in the Lives of Two
Residents in the Village
of Germantown.
AGED COUPLE'S
DIVORCE AND
REMARRIAGE
Two lines of automobile communication
will be opened for traffic In the neighbor
hood of Corunna, Spain, during the pres
ent year. , .;"v-. r
Australia's Cable Scheme.
VANCOUVER, E. C, Aupr.' 11.— Advices
from Sydney, N. S. \V., to-day Indicate
that the Australian scheme for the lay
ing of a Pacific cable will be noon an ac
complished fact. An arrangement has
been concluded between the Governor of
New South AVales and the Eastern Exten
sion Company for the immediate com
mencement of the work and the proposed
undertaking only awaits the sanction of
Parliament. : . :'
VANCOUVER, B. C Aug. 11.— Cotter, the
Pacific Coast champion, beat MeLeod, ' the
champion of Canada, In a $100 match bicycle
race to-dar. ,_..;,,.-
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 11.— A harvest picnic
will be given to-morrow at Fulgers Grove, just
west ot this place, by Court Madrone, F. of A.,
the local lodre. •¦
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 11.— Thirteen car
toads of Government mules, en route to China
.via Seattle, were unloaded here to-day to bo
"fed. With them were seven carloads of har
ness. : --\;- i .f
SALINAS, Aug. 11.— The Democratic County
Central Committee met this aftcrtioon and set
the date for holding the primaries to elect
delegates to the county convention for Mon
day. Aueust 20. ' ¦ . .
SEATTLE, Augr. 11.— The • Democrats and
Populists are holding separate county conven
tions here to-day to choose delegates to the
State conventions. The contest for Indorsement
In the Democratic camp Is between J. T. Ron
ald and J. H. McElroy. ; , ¦ • * '¦• .. •.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Aug. 11.— Owing to the In
terference of President McKlnley In th'e case
of Thomas' and William tHaldeman, sentenced
to hang at Tombstone, it Is more than likely
that. Governor Murphy will commute the sen
tence'to life imprisonment. . ' • .
. VISAL.IA. Aug. 11.— The . Board of Super
visors of Tulare County to-day made a con
ditional appropriation of $400 for the Valley
Commercial Association. The condition Is that
the appropriation is not available unless
every other county In San Joaquln Valley that
belongs to the association gives $400 at least.
NEWPORT, Or.. Aug. .11.— The eteamer Rob
ertB reports the drowning of two sailors of the
Kchooner Lizzie Prim on Sluslaw Bar yester
day morning. Captain Hansen of the Lizzie
Prim with two sailors were In a email boat
taking soundings. The boat capsized. Hansen
clung to the upturned boat and drifted ashore,
but the eallorb were drowned. Their names
SUISUN, Aug. 11.— Charles Parks of Napa
and Daniel Ragen of VacavIHe are In the
County Jail here, the former chanted with hav
ing: committed a felonious assault and Ragen
en a charRe of being an accessory to the crime.
The victim Is a 14-year-old girl named Leila
Concdon, who came to Snlsun Valley recently
with her parents to work In the orchards. The
complaints were sworn to to-day before Justice
of the Peace Hitchcock by the girl's father.
The men who ore accused of so serious a crime
are both married.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
lation took place between himself and
Mrs. Himes. but from the time the boy
was old enough to talk he expressed
hatred for his father. Even now he shows
no remorse for the awful deed and when
his father's name Is mentioned he as
sumes a defiant air. The slightest refer
enco to his mother, howerer. causes him
to weep.
It Is almost certain that a part of the
youthful murderer's defense will be the
testimony of experts on pre-natal Influ
ence. The chief argument made by those
engaged in the prosecution of the boy is
that he should be prevented from repeat
ing the poisoning experiment on some one
else for whom he should conceive a dis
like.
TWO OF THE YOUNG ACCOM
PLICES OF FRED HIMES. THE
FRESNO BOY WHO POISONED
HIS FATHER, AND THE OFFI
CER WHO SECURED THE CON
FESSION FROM THE CRIMI
NALS. - : J.-; : s.^
Mr. and Mrs. Martin, parents of Elmer
Martin, followed their child to the Jail
door, crying bitterly. They begged Tucker
to let the lad go, but he said the law
would not permit him to grant the re
quest. • •
At 2 o'clock M. K. Harris, attorney for
the boys, went before Superior Judge
Webb and asked that Frankie Hlmea and
Elmer Martin be admitted to ball. Dep
uty District Attorney Church said he had
no fear that either of the boys would run
away and at the suggestion of Judge Har
ris the court fixed their bail in the sum
of S500 each. They were released from
custody about an hour later. Fred Himes,
the leader In the plot to murder his
father, will have to remain in prison until
his trial takes place. : ¦
Nathan Hart Sr., grandfather of Fred
and Frankie Hlme3, tells an interesting
story which throws a new light on the
crime and serves to explain to the satis
faction of many the older boy's rea
son for the killing of his father.. Hart
says Fred's hatred of his father was
hereditary. When Himes married the
boy's mother he was conducting a saloon
business In Santa Cruz. About two months
after the marriage he sold out, collected
all the money he could and deserted his
wife, leaving her penniless. This was
about five months before Fred's birth.
Mrs. Hlmea worried over the sudden dis
appearance of her husband and waited
for his return. When she became satis
fled that he had abandoned her rage over
came her love for him and she flew Into
fits of passion when his name was men
tioned In her presence.
Two years after the birth of Fred the
wayward father returned and a reconcll-
The evidence at the preliminary examin
ation consisted principally of the state
ments made by the prisoners themseive 5 *.
Each of the boys took the stand in turn
and repeated the details of the plot which
resulted In the death of Himes.
FRESNO. Ail*. 11.— Fred and Frankie
Hlmes and Elmer Martin appeared
before Justice Tucker, this morning
to undergo preliminary examination
on the charge of murder preferred
against them by Deputy E>herlff White.
After listening to the testimony Justice '
Tucker made an order holding them fj
answer before the Superior Court without
ball.
Special Dispatch to Ths CalL
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 11.— V?. J.
Lamrlck and Joe Pollard, two well known
citizens who left Vancouver on June 5 for
Knights Inlet on a prospecting tour,
have probably either been murdered by
Indians or killed by cougars. Not a word
has been heard directly from them since
they left. They intended to return here
in three weeks and had provisions only
for that time.
Two Indians, who came from 180 miles
In the Interior, arrived here by the
steamer Queen City last night. They Bay
that two white men came to Knights
Inlet a couple of months ago and came up
to the village of the tribe to which these
men belong. Then they went out and did
not return, and later the Indians say the
bones of two men were found at the foot
of a cliff. Whether they had fallen down
the precipice and were killed, or whether
they were killed by bears or cougars. Is
only a matter of conjecture. At any rate
their bodies and bones had been so
mauled by wild animals and the clothing
was torn away so as to be unrecogniz
able.
. The wives of the men In this city and
their friends Incline to doubt the story of
the Indians, as the details are vapue and
the Indians are not positive. Knlfrht*
Inlet Is only a fp\v miles beyond Butte In
let, which Is 175 miles from Vancouver,
where the Indians have always be^n very
antagonistic, and where in the early days
a party of surveyors were murdered in
cold blood. What happened to these two
venturers or gold seekers Is only a the
ory. Their bleaching bones were found
and around them many tracks of the
cougar. Whether the men were slain by
the aborigines or met their death other
wise may never be known. No party re
turning from prospecting far up the coast
has brought back other news than of the
savagery of the coast tribes and the rug
gedness of the country. The Indians are
.unapproachable, except when they come
to the mouths of the rivers, for the civil
ization of the paleface has had little or no
effect upon these tribes.
Relatives of the Prospectors Doubt
the Story, but the Latter May
Have Been Slain by
. Bedmcu.
Indians Report That the Men
Fell Victims, to the ,
* Cougars.
MINERS MEET
THEIR DOOM IN
ALASKAN WILDS
FRESNO BOYS WILL BE
TRIED FOR MURDER
Fred" and Frankie .-¦ Himes apd Elmer Hartln Are
Held to Answer Before the Superior Court,
the Former Without Bonds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
The entire coast of Alaska and Its Isl
ands, from Dlxon entrance to the Aleu
tian Islands. Is mountainous. The land
« very where rl?03 abruptly from the sea to
Fummits rantfinj; from 2000 to 8000 feet
»:isjh. The mountain elopes are very
steep.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 11.— The State
Board of Agriculture met this afternoon
to open bids for the poolstlling privilege
at the fair, •which opens September 2. All
of the bids were rejected as too low. They
were as follows:
Al L^aeh & Co. of Red Bluff. 70 per cent
tor auctions and parts mueuels
Thomas Cook &. Co. of San Francisco. 76 per
cent for auction i>ools.
J. D. Ordish of San Francisco, 75 per cent
on auctions and parts mutuels.
B. W. Cavanaugh of Sacramento and
Thomss Fitzgerald and John C. Humphrey of
Fan Francisco statf-d to the members of the
Loarfl that thoy would "cut In" at any fair
firice the hoard would name. They also Joint
y nc !-.•.¦<! to pay II2.0U0 for the liookmakinc
privilece. - ¦
A committee consisting of Directors
Wilson. Johnson an<i Mackey and Secre
tary Shields was appointed to Inform the
ur.sucfCFsful bidders that unless satis
factory amounts were offered the commit
tee would make arrangements that would
enable the board to conduct its own bet
ting and poolselling. The privilege for
the track programme was sold to Senator
Frank \V. Loavitt of Oakland for $500.
The Board May Assume the Bace-
Track Privileges Unless the
Bidders Hake More Ac
ceptable Offers.
Action of the State Board of
Agriculture at Its
Meeting.
POOLSELLERS'
BIDS ABE ALL
REJECTED
Chinaman is reported to • have been fired
on and ¦wounded... Sheriff. Purvis . and
Deputy KIrnan were ¦ summoned and - ar«
on the scene: The white >men objected
to. the Chinamen being employed: as fruit
pickers. . -¦ •' : - -
Forty of the Yellow Men Are Forcibly
' . Removed From an Orchard and
'^One.Is Reported 'Wounded.
MODESTO,^ Aug. 11.— Forty Chinamen
were driven from Mackre's orchards near
Oakdale,thls morning by white men. One
DRIVE OUT CHINESE
OAKDALE ORCHARDS
To Close a Big Oil Lands Deal.
Special Dissatch to The Call. '
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— The o'll and
mineral rights In Senator Thomas . R.
Bard's 6000-acre OJal ranch will be for
mally transferred to a syndicate of Los
Angeles capitalists early duYing the com
ing week. The property has been thor
oughly examined by- Thomas Hughes and
other experts and is stated to contain
most pronounced oil prospects. Oil springs
abound and outcropplngs can be seen on
every hand. The territory Is seven miles
long and oil seepages ., abound .from .. one
end to the other. The purchase price In
volved Is In the neighborhood of J25Q.QQQ
Madera Man Goes to Los Angeles to
Kill His Wife but Is Arrested.
Special Dlc^atch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— This morning
when, the Southern Pacific train from tha
north arrived at the Arcade Depot De
tective Hawlcy took in charge, one of the
passengers, John Garner by name, a me
chanic of Madera, and escorted him to the
police station, where a consultation was
had. after which Gamer was allowed to
bo. lie was not booked and' it was &t
first stated that there was nothing in
the case, hut later it was admitted thai
a tragedy had been averted.
As near as can be learned Garner and
his wife had been having trouble and Mrs.
Garner left her husband and returned to
her mother, Mrs. Willingham, who lives
at 134 South Bunker Hill avenue, this city,
arriving Thursday.
Yesterday afternoon the police were no
tified by Sheriff W. B. Thurman of Ma
dera that Garner had left" that place for
Los Angeles and that previous to his de
parture had purchased a- knife •¦ statin?
that it was for the purpose of cutting
short his wife's earthly career. Mrs. Gar
ner, it is said, also received a similar
warning. Consequently when the train
pulled in this morning there was the big
detective waiting for him. Just what ar
guments were used are not known, but
Garner was persuaded to forego his sau
euinary intentions.
POLICE STAY A TBAGEDY.
The Chicago^- City ArchltectT has -made
plans for a mansion for stray dogs. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 11.— "If your Honor
please," I would -waive the examination,"
were the words of Amos K. Zlegler, the
wife murderer, when he was brought be
fore Justice Craghill this morning for his
preliminary examination.
Zlegler was Informed by District Attor
ney Knight that the law provided for a
preliminary examination and the proceed
ings began. Only an hour was consumed
and Ziegler was held without .bail to an-
Bwer to a charge of murder before the
Superior Court.
The only witnesses examined were Bev
erly Sharp, Ziegler's brother-in-law, and
Dr. Clark. The court reporter read the
testimony of Ziegler as it was given at
the Coroner's inquest. .Ziegler, when asked
if he had any witnesses, replied in the
negative.
Dr. Clark told of the .wounds on the
woman s body. .
•William Beverly Sharp testified that he
had known Zlegler since May of last year.
His two children lived at Ziegler's, and he
went there for a ten days' visit. He con
tinued: .,.--.-
On the evening of the killing Mr. and Mrs.
SV.esler and myself were In "the parlor, Mrs.
Armstrong, the mother of Mrs. JVegler, being
upstairs putting the children to bed. Mrs.
Z..egler made some complaint about the dog
on the stoop. She asked SVegler to take the
dog away, -us It had kept -her awake the night
before. He said he would take the dog away
later, at the Bame time asking why she 'had
not asked him while it waa daylight. Finally
the matter dropped. Mrs. Ziegler later re/er
red to the matter, again, asking me to take
the dog away. She then went out, as I eup
poFcd. to tie the dog. Mrs. Armstrong then
came into the room and I talked to her about
a fishing trip I waa to take in the morning.
It was then about 10:30 and I bade them good
night and went to ray room. . ..
I had one shoe off when Mrs. Kiegler came
to the top of the stairs and asked me if I had
gone to bed. I told her "no." She asKod for
a basket, which I gave to her. Later she
came and eot some clothes. I had Just dozed
off 'to eleep when I heard a muffled cry, as If
some persons were quarreling. Mrs. . Arm
strong came to the. foot of the stairs, saying:
"Beverly, come down. qulck._ Something dread
ful has happened. Come down, quick."
When I went downstairs I could see Zlegler
at' the dining-room door, and I said: "Judge,
Where's Cad?"
"She's down the road." was the reply.
I asked him: "What's the meaning of all
this?"
He said: "I have done the deed. There will
be no use to get the officers, for before they
get here I will be able to sever my Jugular
vein. I have never been In jail and would
.not like to bo to Jail."
'He had a knife in his hand. There was blood
on the knife and on his hands and coat sleeve.
He then raid he had caught hold of his wife
and she struck him. lie couldn't stand It.
"She fought like a wildcat," he concluded.
District Attorney Knight will nie the in
formation on Monday mornincr.
Prisoner Enters Futile Objections
to a Preliminary Examination
and Lawyer Sharp Tells
of the dime.
The Santa Cruz Wife-Slayer
Sent to Jail by Justice
Craghill.
ZIEGLER IS
HELD FOR TRIAL
WITHOUT BAIL
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— Coroner Hol
land held an inquest this morning on the
body of John M. Slovinski, who commit
ted suicide yesterday by shooting himself.
No new facts were brought out at the in
quest, which was entirely devoid of sen
sational features. A verdict in accordance
with the facts was rendered.
Mrs. Slovinski was not present, being
under a doctor's care. Slovlnski's body
has been embalmed and will be sent East
later for burial. v > :
No trace has yet been found of the let
ters that Slovlnski wrote yesterday morn
ing before he killed himself. From this
fact it is believed that the letters were to
friends or relatives in the East, and if
that is the case they will not be heard
from for several days yet. Mrs. Slovinski
It at the home of her friends. Dr. and Mrs.
W. M. Johnson, at 533 South Main streeet,
where she was taken directly after the
shooting. She is greatly prostrated over
the affair, and when Been by your repre
sentative said:
"I cannot say a word at this time. You
are aware that I, too, am charged with
the offense alleged to have been commit
ted, and my attorneys advised me to talk
to nobody, particularly to reporters. This
much I can say, however, that I have not
received any letter from my husband and
therefore am certain he wrote none to
me. He probably ¦wrote to relatives In
the East, mailing them before he commit
ted the act."
She Believes That the Last Messages
States.
He Wrote Were for Rela
tives In the
No Missives From Her Dead
Husband Reach the Un
fortunate Wife.
SLOVINSKI
MAY HAVE SENT
LETTERS EAST
24
NEW
NECKWEAR.
Just received a fine
line of Liberty Gilk
Jabots and Stock
Collars combined,
finished in the latept
fashion in black and
white. Your "7Ca
££ -Each '3C
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
GRAND
BLANKET VALUES.
The BLA.NKETS we offer are man-
nfactured Dy California's most reliable
mills at a savin? of at least one-third
xhe regular prices.
200 PAIRS full size white all-wool
BLANKET^, with prettv PQ QC
borders, pcoa value at $j.5O. iBij.niJ
en pale Pair vwi»*»*
25) pairs extra heavy, large, all-wool
Blankets, prettily silk-bound, with
fine borders, r?sular value QA QC
X.H. on cal* £._•- 3*f,OU
1~> dozen Oorrforters for doubl" beds.
covered with choice designs of sllkoline
an<! lilied with pure white, line cotton,
rjuite heavy; on special sale, QJ fTfl
your cfloi ™ l — — — —l£^& OliOU
SHEETS.
SPZGIAL PRICES ON SHEETS AND
SHEETS
CASES.
Hemmed. Hemstitched.
4!Sc each C3x9f> 54c each
•»2c each 72x93 6lc each
«*9c each Rx90 fi8c each
36c oach Wi>1 73c each
C'C Ooz^n pood qualitv Hem- |£Jft
-titchpd Pillcw Cases, 43xS6. Sale [ni.
price Each " w
BEAUTIFUL WRAPPER AND WAIST
FLANNELS. •
On sale to-morow the most beautiful
styles and colorings Imaginable. If you
were to pay 50c and 75c a yard you
could not find more exquisite designs.
Our buyers were most careful in se-
lecting them, and you will agree with
us when you see them|C n nnA ODn
a .! k . e .i:::::::::::rartl!''' 310 /UC
SPECIAL PRICES FOR LACES.
A chance pick-up of fine Torchon
Laces that you can buy to-morrow at
'quite a saving. They are all new C«
patterns, 2 to 3 inches wide, worth Ql.
5c, 10c, 12M>c, on special sale.. Yard
ALL OVER LACFS. 18 inches wide,
pretty open-work effects, good F(|.
value at S5c a yard, for to-mor- nil
row Yard www
REMARKABLE GLOVE OFFERING.
When we announce a special
GLOVE SALE, you know what you
may expect here, and to-morrow's op-
portunity 13 one of the best of the year.
We closed out from an Importer 65
dozen best quality L.adles Mocha
Gloves, fit and finish unsurpassed, with
2-clasp fastener, In colors of tan, gray
and black, all sizes, fitted and (in.
guaranteed, always sold at $1.25. HOU
on sale » Pair ******
A GREAT 0FFERIN6 IN
LINENS AND HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
The phenomenal business done here
last week is the best possible proof of
the extraordinary values offered, and
which prompt us to continue the Bale
another week. C • . : .'
Note the splendid values:
Table Cloths- «l AC C«nh
2x2 yards, worth $2.00 *li*f0 tdbll
Table Cloths- ©1 QC Coph
2x2^4 yards, worth $2.50..OliUJ Labll
TableCloths- CO C a ph
2x3 yards, worth $3.50 $Zi»rJ tdbll
Table Cloths- 00 7C Cnrh
2x3»4 yards, worth $5.50.. 00 . I J Lduli
Hemstitched Huck Towels, all linen,
in white and colored borders, Qt) QC
soft finish, worth $3.50 dozen. iflZ.n3
on sale Dozen Vfciww
All-linen Hemstitched Huck Towels,
erood size, regular value $2.00, 01 Cf|
SI.OU
Table Napkins, extra heavy quality,
pure linen, in choice designs, Ol Qr
regular value $2.50 dozen, on iM.nn
Bale Dozen vnwv
50 pieces Bleached Table Damask.
a good wearing quality, regular l\t) n
value COc yard, on sale ii/l.
Yard tu
65 pieces 72-inch Pure Linen Damask,
extra fine quality, in choice de- nn«
filgns. regular valuo $1.25 yard, Q/R
on sale .Yard w ** w
NEW SILKS
Sl.00 PER YARD.
On display to-morrow, a
crand showing of Novelty
Silks for Fall, 1900. A superb
quality, suitable for Waists
and Dresses, In the latest
'Tape and Corded" effects
In the following colors.
Cream, Pink. Light Blue,
Cardinal, National, Corn,
Viclet. Gray and
Black; on sale \l fill
Yard. VliUU
NEW VENETIANS
$7.50 A SUIT.
First exhibition of new
Fall Dress Goods on sale to-
morrow. These beautiful Ve-
netians will be in great de-
mand this season for a hand-
some Tailor Costume. They
are 52 inches wide, a silk fin-
ished cloth of the highest
order, already sponged and
shrunk. In. these fashlona-
able shades: Tan. Mode, Re-
«eda, Cardinal, Brown, Navy,
Purple, Gray, Olive and
Black. Extraor- fi»"7 Cfl
dlnsry value^... g .^
.EXTRAORDINARY SALE
REMNANTS OF BLACK GOODS.
We waited until enough remnants had accumulated to
make this sale one t>f " GREAT IMPORTANCE. Every
short piece, no matter what the. former price has been,
will be closed out to-morrow at just half price. You will
be able to find here just the length you need, either for a
waist, ekirt or a dress,' varying in lengths from 2 to 6
yards. There are Crepons, Serges, Cheviots, Venetians,
Alpacas and Homespuns, all to go at ONE-HALF THE
FORMER SELLING PRICE.
ANOTHER SILK WAIST SENSATION.
$2,98 FOR A S5.50 WAIST.
"We announce again, commencing TO-MOBROW one
of our FAMOUS SILK WAIST SAXES. To insure
Betting- vour size and ct>lor, we advise you to come early.
These w'aists just arrived and are the production of one
of New York's leading manufacturers, made very taste-
fully, tucked all over front, back and sleeves, and perfect
littihg:. in all sizes and colors of Cerise, Cardi-
nal, Old Rose, Lavender. Purple, New Blue and tf»Q HQ
Black. Regular value $5.50. On special sale AZiuQ
Each *'—'"**
98c FOR $1.50 i
PETTICOATS, '
These are made up •
In the latest styles, j
with a deep accor- "
dlon pleated flounce ,
of fine Bilk-flnlshed '
Cotton Moreen, extra ,
width and length, in ¦
new blue and O0 a i
purple; for yflC J
Slonday. Each www ,
1
ADVEKTISE3OENTS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.^!
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai »
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 53? Cal.. Clnplo Bg.
COAL. COKB AMD IMd IHOX
J £ WII SON' R Cfl >co B*"^ Street.
i'Sr nlLJUll Q WU<, Telcohono Mala ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
f W SMITH Sb| P Pramblng. Steaiaftoat and
V* ll • J.Ullll, ship Work a «p»elalty. 1< and
1« Washington tt. Telephone Mala MU.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
", - n ¦ Electrical Engineer. W T\*t St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I4C RftVPC X- rft Shipping Butebars. 1M
JAJ- UUlLO & WU» Clay Te!. Main ISM.
GALVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
Urr. & Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHM
KIN>T METAL WQRK3. 115 Howard »t.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Se*t leather p~serrer on
earth. 2Sc Robln»on Oinn. Co.. US* Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
Union Lithograph Co.. J25 Sansom-.st.. Artist!*
Lithographer* and Printers. Government Ll»
cenaeo for Imprtntlnc of K«venue Stag-?*.
_ METAL>
Extra linotype and itereotype- metal. Paeiija
Metal Works. 137-9 First «t.. San FrancHcp.
~ — o ,ls.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * TU-
LIB. 418 Front it., 3. F. Phone Main 1719.
, PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubrleattn* Otl». Schneider's Mining ,
Candles. C. G. CLIXCII ft CO.. » Front. 3. F. \
~ ~ pRLVriNJL J
F- C- BUCHE5. gn gfn^VnT^th 3. y.
PRINTEPS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JCDD CO.,
23 First St.. San Pnr.cUco.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
rei^phio PARiaiDGE w SgS£g aU
B IIITfi i5fl STEAM COAL. LA S
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at lt» GREEtf
KIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best C»«l la t»*
market. CKCc* s.nd Yard*— 450 Mnln »tp— t.
tTONG IPO CI^Y,
Fuccesnor to Dr. LAI VO TAX.
graduate of Canton Medical
Collage, after a very >ucc«><-
ful practice of niany yaaxa ia
China, has locatefl In So3
Franci3co. Th« »urprUin«; anj
marvelous cures effected hy
hl» herbs demonstrate their
potence and hla skill. Thas*
herha curs over «0 diff«r«nt
diseases, lncludlns Brtght'a
Disease, Diabetes. Consump-
t ' on - Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Mai*
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are in.
vited to call. Office, 727 Washington st. .OCW
hours— 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m.: Sunday t.
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept srrar»fnl thanks >>\?
effecting a, curs of asthma of several Tea'A"
ttandlng. A. PARLEY. Saa Rafju^fl
Weak Men and Women
SOULD USE - DAMIANA BITTERS. THIB
great Mexican remedy; gives heajth and
streczth. to sexual orsana. Depot. 33TMarket.
DO YOU WANT TO BE
STRONG?
To feel as vigorous as you were before you wasted your
strength? To enjoy life again? To get up In the morning re-
freshed by sleop, and not more tired than when you go to
bed ?' To have no weakness In the bark, or "come and so"
pains? No Indigestion or Constipation? To know that your
strength Is not slipping away? To once more have brtRht eyes
healthy color In your cheeks and be confident that what other
men can do Is not Impossible to you? In sljort. do you want
to be a man among men? I can make you all this because I
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
CURED! CURED! CURED!
Father and Son Cured. ,
"The nervous weakness I -complained of the last six or seven
months has entirely gor.e. Your Belt cured me In two months. The
Belt has also done wonders for my son, who had a bad case of Rheu-
matism. H. W. YOUNG."
' PORT HARFORD, Cal., Aug., 4, WOO.
Better Than All the Medicine In the World.
"Your. Belt has doise wonders for me, every sign of my' trouble
has tone. It has saved roe from a fc-rcat . deal of suffering, ajid I
believe Is better than all the medicine In the world. You can refer
any one you wish to me and will bo more than pleased to speak a
eood word for the Belt. GEO. G. BALDWIN."
WHITE ROCK. Nev.. Aug. ,1. 1300..
Cured at the Ageof 68.
"Replying to your letter will say that my health Ib srood. It la
better than it has been for years, and . I lay it to your Belt, which
has worked wonders for me. I could not have got along without it.
Considering my ¦ age, OS ytars, and the benefit received, proves there
Is merit in your Belt. I will • cheerfully recommend .tt. Yours very
trul }'>';l3£gCJ8>ral s - A - SHOREY,"
- FAIRFIELD. Cal. ," Aug. 1, 1900. :
TYO TUT A lUf>*T A TTPUT TliT J02 Market Street, Corner Kearny.
1 UK. Ifl. - A. IflCLj/X. U ITU 1 \ I IN San Francisco, and Cor. Spring
.,y ;<< 1/Xli XTX»-rXX«; 1U V JJA U U 11JU111 9 and Second Streets, Los Anselos.
Has restore! health and strength to thousands of weak men
If used as I direct. It is a positive cure and cannot fall It
gives the vitalizing power of electricity/ without burning or
blistering, to every weakened part, developing full vlcor It
removes all the effects of dissipations forever. I want every
weak man. who Is not the man he should ba to use one of my
Belts, and. when he is cured, tell hia friends of its wonderful
effects. My Belt Is also an absolute remedy for Vervoua n«
bllity. Backache. Rheumatism." Stomach? liver' Kidney E?d
Bladder Troubles. It Is arranged for women a» welw men
and cures female weakness. .-.*.. """»•
Any honest, man or woman who will secure me can
PAY WHEN CURED.
¦ ' I am npt giving Belts away. I am simply curing first and
asking my pay afterward. I am doln* this because I can do
It. I have an Electric Belt which DOES CURE, and any hon-
est man who will secure mo can hav* my Belt anil pay when
cured. Is that fair? I can do this because I have the best
Electric, Belt In the world. My Celt Is twice as strong as any
other, and is the only one that can be worn with comfort. It
does not burn.
Call to-day or send for my book, free,
. - Read my ! book. Free.
I want every, sufferer to call to-day and tost my Belt.
FREE. • If you cannot call, write at once for rhy beautifully
Illustrated book, mailed, sealed. FREE.
NOTABLE WASH 600DS SAVING.
5COO Yds. Wash Fabrics 5c Yd.
Our strictest rule is to carry nothing over from one
season to the next No matter what loss it may occa-
sion, out the croods must go, and out they will go
TO-MORROW, when the following marvelous values
go on' sale:
p '_• ¦. '•¦ W J Fabrics that were sold at I2^c.and
T P I fi X 5C yard, all this season's styles, consist-
U U I U I ing of 36-inch PEBCALE in medium
and dark colorinsrs and fine American r V #J
Corded BATISTE in choice and fast HP ¥ ll
colorings, all marked at vU I Ul
&Z? %J& E ?L a3
We bought the sur- }
plus stock of one of the
biggest makers of boys'
clothing in the U. S. \
The sale of this stock
begins tomorrow at 8 a.,
m. in the new boys 3
clothing department. J
Selling will continue
until all suits are sold.
Descriptive j
These boys' suits j
are of fancy i
worsteds, blue jj
serges, cassimeres, '
and cheviots. >
Double breasted $
coats. Pants with !
double seat and |
knees. Reinforced
scams. Unusually
well made of ex- -
ceptionally good, !s
materials. All ]
boys' s sizes. Reg-
ular values
J6.OO .^
$7.OO
$8.OO j
Any suit in the
lot ' :
suit I
FREE— With every suit sold we
will give a school compan-
ion, containing a nilerj rub
bar, pen, slate pencil and
lead pencil, screw top, >
pencil shape — just to in- |
tercst the little chaps.
Dependable Drugs. *
I A Dependable
I Store...,.
Ej A thoughtful buyer soon M
K distinguishes the truth p
l>i from its innumerable li
H counterfeits. The tests of p
P time have proven this to H
tj be a dependable store. H
[1 C*torl. ..:.'..».:.:..'.;? 2T.e I
?1 fyrup of Flirs, "Genuine" rtr.r- I
H farter'* Pills Jtte I
H ('hWl'.'.'-.o :&."»«- I
N Plckey'n Or^m* 6e L!» !t5c 1
ll Piorce's Medical Discovery 75c 1
B Malvina Cream :tr»c Z
H Cuticurs S ut) .l."p I
ra LAbtache Face Powder :tOc 1
fa founder's Face Powder 23c i
ll Ehelfte'd'e Dentifrice 15c M
Bj Free delivery to railroad points within Eg
M 103 miles on orfiers of JJ5.00 or up. H
1 PP TilE 0WL I
I (Mk DRUG" CO.,
| 3^1 Cu '- ?s2 ' e Druggists, |
I MS| 1128 Market St.,
8 V?^^ir EAX rR ANcisco. B
1 Tim Tenth and Broadway, 1
fe '^vTlMnrn'i' OAKLAND. MThe streets are being repaired, water
works being put in, a new plaza under
construction, etc.
San Juan Hill is overgrown with rank
vegetation. A Cuban peasant has a hut
where once stood the famous block house.
Vandals have injured the Surrender Tre«
some, but a strong, double barbed wire
fence protects It, together with a penalty
of punishment for any violation.
Down nearer the city the Spanish posi
tions are difficult to determine. All of the
wood blockhouses have .either been
burned or carried away by the Cubans
for 'the lumber. The; sunken road is; the
only natural-looking place. There is a
company of the Fifth Infantry doing gar
rison duty at Caney. Their quarters are
clean and cool, and it is considered a Rood
station.- The town is .very free from filth.
Amounted body of 100 rurales (country
police), with a band of , 6ixty-two- pieces,
will constitute one feature of the Mexican
Government exhibit at the Buffalo fair.
Flannel From Pine Needles.
The Germans make flannel undercloth
ing *f the fiber of the pine needles, as well
at. socks for men and stocking* for wo
men, while knee-warmers, knitting and
darnina: yarns, cork soles, quilts, wadding,
deafening paper for walls, pine needle
.-¦oap, incense and even cigars made from
this raw material have been exported
from Germany for years. Bathing resorts
have also been established at points where
the pine needles are crushed, and these
resorts have long been popular with peo
ple" afflicted with rheumatism, consump
tion, etc.
WILL INVESTIGATE ACTS
OF CHICAGO OFFICIALS
Charges of Neglect of Duty Filed
Against the Board of Im
provements. ;l?- ;
CHICAGO. Aug. ll.-Formal charges of
incompetency, neglect of duty and unlaw-
ful and dishonest collusion with contract
ors on the part of the members of the
municipal Board of Local Improvements
were filed with the Civil Service Commis
sion to-day by Alderman Frank T. Fow
ler. Members of the Merit board agreed
to call an official Investigation, and inter
esting developments, especially as regards
tho different bureaus, are looked for. The
following' city officials compose the board:
Lawrence E. McGann, Commissioner of
Public Works; 11. J. Doherty, Superin
tendent of 8treets; R. O. Burke, Superin
tendent of Assessment Bureau; John Eric
son. City Engineer.
The charges are the outcome, of investi
gations made recently into charges of
fraud in the paving of various streets,
which have taken on a much wider range
than anticipated. ,
FROSECUTION STILL BUSY
IN THE POWERS CASE
Jury Will Probably Be Taken to the
Scene of the Goebel Assassina
tion Tuesday.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. ll.-The
prosecution In the Caleb Powers trial did
not conclude its testimony in rebuttal this
afternoon, but will do so Monday, and the
Indications are that the jury will be taken
to Frankfort Tuesday. A large number of
witnesses were heard to-day, most of
tfcern being Introduced to contradict testi
mony of witnesses for the defense.
The prosecution lays much store by the
testimony of two witnesses who testifiM
to seeing Caleb Powers with other leaders
of the mountain crowd on the evening
of January 25. The defendant himself had
testified that he was ill in his room all of
that afternoon. Several other witnesses
will be introduced Monday to further con
trcdict Powers on this point.
A number of Krankfort business men
and citizens testified that the talk of mob
violence after the assassination of Gov
ernor Goobel existed only in the minds
of those in the executive building, and
that ther«s was no need of the military.
Among those who testified was Sheriff
Suter, who says he swore in a posse of a
dozen citizens, and that it would have
been equal to the occasion had It not been
blocked by the actions of Adjutant Gen
eral Collier, who made the civil officers
Eubfcrvlent to the military.
BODY OF COLORADO
TRAIN ROBBER IDENTIFIED
Condition of Omo Member of the Fosae
Who Was Shot Is Very
Critical.
Three Men Killed.
COODLAXD. Kans.. Aug. 11.— The
charred remains of the Union Pacific
fobber who yesterd. y escaped the bullets
tf the posse were found to-day in the ruins
jf the house burned over his head. A hole
in the man's skull Indicated that he had
*hot himself to escape the flames. The
trody of the robber shot In trying to es
cape was to-day recognized by Denver
?jlicers as that of W. A. Dempsey, an old
Offender. The bodies will be burled by
the county.
J B Rik'g*. the hotelkeeper shot in yes
terday's fight. Is very low and his chances
cf recovsry are small. George Cullins,
th« other member of the posse who wai
•hot, will recover.
PORTLAND. Me.. Aug. 1L— Three men
were killed and two were Injured by an
rxplosion in the boiler house at the plant
of the Portland Gatilifc'ht Company here
to-day. The dead are William M. Kenny,
Brlphton. Mass.. burned to death: Wil
liam Care, yardmaster, formerly of Con
tord. N. H.; Robert Moles, engineer.
O'Malley Acquitted.
CHICAGO. Aug. ll.-Former State Sena-
tor John F. O'Malley was acquitted to-day
of the charge of assaulting with intent to
murder tx-Alderman "William Lyman.Tne
two men were rival Democratic leaders In
the Twenty-third Ward and in a quarrel,
which occurred in a saloon on March 23
last. Lyoian was shot and seriousiy
r.ounded.
Mrs. Quig-g Not Convicted.
CEL.IXA. Ohio. Aug. 11.— The Jury to-day
ftisagreed in. tho trial of Mrs- Mollfe
Quigg, indicted for first degree murder In
killing John R. Dllley, a wealthy lumber
man, on the nUrht of March 22. The Jury
was out thirty hours. AH the Indictments
In the case are now likely to be nollied.
Workmen Injured.
CHICAGO. Auff. 31.— Six men were se
rlouFly Injured, two probably fatally, at
tVhltinsr, lnd.. to-day by the collapse of a
fcaffold en which they were engaged In
repairing a refining tank of the Standard
Oil Company. The injured are Frank
Hanlon. Jofeph Walsh, Fred Walsh, Carl
Ncgovich, John Peterson, Alfred. OIbo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug II.— The Heralds
correspondent in Managua, Nicaragua,
sends woro. that the Kyre-Cragin syndi
cate's canal concession was forfeited to
day because of non-payment of money
due. This leaves the >*icaraguan Govern
ment free to deal indej endently with the
United States in canal matters.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— With the for
feiture of the Eyre-Crayin concession for
the construction of a Nicaragua canal,
the Nicaraguan Goverr.rrent is left free
to deal directly with the United States in
the matter of right of way. **
. While members of the Isthmian Canal
Commission will not discuss this matter
'for publication it is learned that the for
feiture of this concession clears up the
canal problem to a greater degree than
anything else that could happen.
, Objections urged in Congress against the
appropriating of money to buy off the
holders of canal concessions constituted
•3* of the most effective arguments
against action on the part of the United
Slates in undertaking the construction of
<a waterway.
The forfeiture of this concession, how
l«ver, is not the only bright outlook in
the Isthmian canal situation. A French
company, which holds concessions on the
Panama route, upon which have been ex
pended many millions, is believed to b«
'very anxious to abandon its project.
• It is understood In Washington that an
'Offer mcii favorable to this country will
/«con be made to the State Department.
¦ This will put the United States on an
{Independent footing with regard to nego
itiationt, both as to the Nicaragua and
Panama routes, and it is believed will re
'duce the preliminary cost of the canal to
a great extent.
/ The State Department has not yet been
/notilied of the forfeiture of the Eyre-Cra
*pn concession. By the terms of this con
cession, however, this company was to
jhave paid $400,(XW to the Nicaraguan Gov
'ernment on August 9, or lose all its rights
I Nicaragua received $100,0uu as the first
payment. Members of the Isthmian Canal
Commission believe the Government of
.Nicaragua is anxious to make terms with
the CnlU-d States.
The fact that the commission is investi
gating and surveying every possible route
on the isthmus has caused a feeling of
uncertainty among those who have con
cessions to grant, and propositions con
taining most favorable offers may be
K'"ked for.
The work of the commission on the isth
rnus i? nearly completed. The topograph
ical field workers are now on their way
to this, country and are expected to arrive
In New York on Monday. "Work will at
once begin on the report to be made to
Congress, with a view to its completion
by December 1.
The «-s-.imat*<l cost o" a canal by the
Nicaraguan route has been raised by
every commission which has undertaken a
survey. The present commission has been
working on plans for a much larger canal
than •was estimated by the last commis
sion and there is little doubt that its es
timate will exceed the $125,000,000 reported
t<> CongTeps as the cost last winter.
The choice of routes will be narrowed
fiown to the Panama and JCicaraguan
routes, and with all private concessions
out of the way, as is now the case with
the latter, it is not unlikely that the com
mlp«Ion will recommend that route.
This Leaves the Government Free to
Treat With Nicaragua, and It
Is Believed Good Terms
Can Es Made.
The Concession of the Eyre-
Cragin Company Is De
clared Forfeited.
OBSTACLE TO
ISTHMMH CANAL
IS REMOVED
San Juan and Caney Fields.
, I , thought you would probably like to
hear about the old * battlegrounds— how
they look now. I -went to Caney and went
over the whole field on July 1. You would
scarcely recosrnlze the places. /The wire
fence , where Colonel Haskell and Dickin
son were shot has been repaired and -It Is
difficult to locate the spot. -Tho bodies
burled in. the 'pineapple field — some forty
or. more— have all been removed and the
trench filled up. Parts of , leggings, shoes
and other clothing of ; the dead can \ be
seen lying about. - The old stone fort is
full of weeds and is crumbling down. The
roof is entirely gone. The Spanish
trenches near it are almost ' filled up.
Government Feels It Would Be an
Imposition to Monopolize the
Japanese Dock at Kure.
WASHINGTON, Aug. ll.-The Japanese
Government has not Informed this Gov
ernment that her dock at Kure could; be
be used by the Oregon long enough .to
make permanent repairs, as published to
day. But this Government, knowing the
great value of the dock at Kure, felt that
it would be an imposition to monopolize
so valuable an adjunct of the Japanese
navy at this time, and therefore has de
cided that the Oregon shall.be only tem
porarily repaired at present. .
The word "temporary" conveys perhaps
a false impression, inasmuch aa . the re
pairs which she will undergo will be com
plete as far as they go. The repairs to
the Injuries to her hull will' be . complete
when she leaves the Kure dock, but . the
work of repairing the interior fittings to
her Injured compartments: will be post
poned until some time in t^e future. It
is said at the Xavy Department that when
she leaves the Kure dock the Oregon can
resume active service and remain in com
mission as long as may be deemed neces
sary. '
OREGON ONLY TO BE
TEMPORARILY REPAIRED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST; 12, 1900.
25
en's $15 to $17,50 Suits for $10.75.
oys' $7,50 and $8,50 Suits for $5,45,
An immense Fall and Winter clothing stock will be here in a
ew days. To make room for it and to carry out our policy of not
:arrying goeds over from one season into another, we offer for Mon-
lay and during the week these remarkable bargains :
Vien's $15, $I6.5O and $17.50 Suits—^New all
worsted?, cheviots and cassimeres, in single or double breasted
sacks and three-button cutaway frocks; properly made and ele-
gantly trimmed, every garment fitting like jt%j§f% appr
a macb-to-order one; all sizes; to be closed g%P
out this week — Jit .'.
and S8.5O Long Pants Suits — Made of all-wool fabrics;
ty cheviots; tans, browns and other new stylish mixtures; single-
louble-breasted vests; as well tailored as a man's _ _ _ ,
in every way; sizes for youths 13 to 19 years — £&£% m m3.£%
ng the week .............. T. '. ¦ «¥"«« T *- P
Onyx Tog TshSas
Half Prise.
A small lot (22 en y) pretty Onyx Top
Tabes — nickel-plated or bra** frames;
regularly S4 0J each - on sale Minday and
while quantity lasts o
' OpJiafSjU
Crockery Department— Main Floor.
VJolet Toifet Ammonia 1 6s
A full pint bjtt e, so d by ut re^ilarlv at lha
cu: pii:e of 25c; scften?, cleans s anl
b»au: fi s th^ akin, SCO butle.*, on
special sa'e M-mlay only IGo
$i$sffss$i*®d& of W&sfa SSootts Remnants
On SaSe Monday at Half Regular Remnant Prices,
We want to close out our entire collection of Wash Goods Remnants on Monday — the accumula-
tion of weeks of busy selling — and to that end have cut the already reduced remtunt prices in half— 50
per cent off all remnants of organdie?, dimities, seersuckers, Iawn3, ginghams, zephyrs, mercerized
wash fabrics, etc. — Mondav only.
Upal ueuuriueu r era uisn • ...o«#v
Garhbad Chua Berry or Ice Cream Saucers, each 15c
Ghinn Plata?, go'd edgss, Cupid decoration, ca:h 15c
Half-gil'on Water Pitcher*, as \-\ tiicturo, t2ch............-23o
Crockery Department— Main Floor.
Fanoy China and Glassware*
tfg^rv-,,-^^-^ Oriental decorated covered Bon
\d\f\f\l /I Decorated Carlsbad thia China Tea 1
I/R-Wvy n P 3 and Saucers, each 23o
I fli| A/ Dacorated China Sagara and
fe^^T Craam3, pair 65 C
17m>3*L Decorated Chiaa Cracker or Bbcu it
— —^ Jars .....$1»1O
_^~ , J< H3nd- painted Oval Placqaes.. 75c
R chly decorated Bohemian Glass Living Caps, as is cut..Q3o
Ooal decorated Fern Dish 85o
Great Reductions In
.... Wall Papers*
On account of the break-up of tne wall papar trust we are
enabled to mark down the following papers:
22-inch.extra heavy'gilU formerly 4 )c a roll. now.. .;.... 12\o
Litest patterns cf Wall Papers, in the quality formerly li'Jj
per roll, now ; Qo
7Jc Wall, _Fapen», now, per mil So
Lucas Bath ani Decorative Enamel, special this week, per
can.................... 2Do
Muralo, a Sanitary Wall Finish, 24 different shades, o-lb. rack-
age, special this week.. 50c
Window Shades, kept in stock and made to order; we
wi.l cheerfully measure and give estimates for any number
of windows. '
Second Floor. •: ; ¦
Monday Liquor Salo m
BOURBON WHISKEY— Cutter's A. N.I, Monday, per bottle
69o
ZINFANDEL CLARET- 5 years o?i perfect table wine, per
gallon. M ir.day .. 45c
ANGELICIA- Oar regular $1.50 grade, per gallon. Monday. 85c
PORT WINE— Our regular $1.50 <jrad», per gallon, Monday.05o
LIE3IGS BEEF, IKON AND WINE -a blood and nerva toaic.
per bottle Mo'day ~......... 33 G
Main Floor — Rear.
New Fall Flannals,
Just received a new importation comprising a full line of
Printed French Ftannoie, suitable for wrappers
ani waist?. -Evsry design is new, and has not before bean
shown on the Coast bast qua ity, per yard ,70o
German Wrapper ffannal—A heavy fleecy mate-
rial in Persian effects, stripss and figures, all new colorings
and designs, per yard f6§9
Heavy Printed Fiannelottet— For house waist?
and wrappers, in a large variety of patterns, fleeced back
and warm, medium and dark colorings, per yard lOc
Monday Grocery Sales,
Brtst Flour — Emporium brand,per--~-j .
f«ict br^ad nnker. 50 lb. sacks. iIon<iay«SU'l? % .i /rt
BAKED BEANS - Libby, McN . i & Libby'j, 3-lb. W^^K
cans, Monday IOC f.f^nu "-
ROAST BEEF— Rex Brand, 2-lb. tins 25c, 1-lb. tfn^V'Wf
tins ~ 15o :b5532*I.
WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR-bcst, 10-lb. sacks, <M*£ffg&- :
Mondiv 23c UBBuB»t
GRAHAM FLOUR— Beat, lC-lb. sacks Mon- H*™*
div 23c V'^OUft-
JAMS AND JELLIES- Made of pure fruit, Mb. W*~**fo
Z ass jir. assorted, Monday, per jar 13o *.•' '¦'r,'r/i'^
PURE LEAF LARD— Cud ahy's. Rex Brand; 3-
1b. pai! 35o
COFFEE— finest Java and Mocha 3 lbs. $1.00
JAPAN TEA — Fancv basket fired, vary fine-ZJ las* $1.00
SANTA CLARA PRUNES— 50 to 60 to the pound, Mondav,
lb 6O
BE^T CLEAN CURRANTS— 1-lb. package?, Monday Wo
CHEESE — Full cream California, very fine, Monday
' 2 lbs. 25c
RIGB-Bjst Girolina Head rice, Monday 3 ib8m 25o
OLIVE OIL— Crosse & Biackwell's Pare Lucca Oil, quart bot-
tles ,..>„.«.,„„.»„.„ m«,,60o
Main Floor— Rear.
Great Reductions in Sweaters
and Golf Hose,
A Special Salo for Monday and Tuesday.
A big stock of woolen knit goods %,„_¦*
for the Men's Furnishing Da- r*»*«tj4
partment » now on tha road /fe^^^ **— -»^
from the East and our buyer fc r >j^^* w^*»*'.IW»5S9v^
has given orders to clo3e out 1 IffipjJ^«JP^
present stocks before the ar- v^^^vv
rival of the new goods. High SS f^^^.Zy^X^^^
grade Sweaters and Golf Hose /-rffi&m?^
were nerar sold so cheaply be- '^JWLmT \'2m
fore in the history of the big J^Tj
store. - ?2.50 fancy striped 2 Jr^^^4X5^®''HHf
and plain colored Sweaters for \£&r j™
men, best quality of worsted, f222S!S^is3i!25SffiJ9
close fitting necks; Moft- I ..»•>.».- -i
day and g-g* * s >*aaaBnnMn**m
Tuesday &M,OU "'""' ir^
Boys' $2.50 white worsted Sweaters, with sailor g** B/B
collars, Monday and Tundqy .——.......... v"S«»
Bovs'$1.5O woolen Sweaten in solid color, Monday
and Tuesday..... & ImUU
Bo>s* $1.25 fancy striped wcolen Sweater*, {Monday __
and Tuesday 75o
Men's 50c Golf Hose, brown or black, with fancy cuff3,
Monday and Tuesday •—.•....;..... 3&O
Mea's 75c b'ack Go.f Hose, many styles of enffi in
stripes and checks, ffvfonJav and Tuesday.... QUO
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance-.
>if ~*
Polka Dot Ribbons.
A new arrival of the pretty Wa3h Polka Dot Ribbons, for neck
dressing and hat bandj, 4 inches wide, white with dot3 in blue,
black, purple or turquoise, royat blue or red grounds with
white dote, and purple grounds with b!ack dots, yard- SOo
Oar expert bow maker3 will tie these ribbons into pretty
Jabots or reck bows while yoa wait, FREE OF CHARGE.
Rotunda — Main Floor.
$1. 75 Laoe Curtains, $1.28.
These aro bargains. Four pretty patterns of Nottingham
Lace Curtains, Point dTJjprit, Fish Net, Irish. Point and Bat-
tenberg effects, all of the Curtains 3j yards Ions aad from
50 to 54 inches wide, either white or ecru, rejj-
ularly $1.75 a pair, on Monday $1,28
Drapery Department— Main Floor
New Fail Silks,
The stock grows larger daily. Dozens of new beauties cams
last week.
FANCY SILKS— 23 and 21 inch fancy applique stitched strip
Silts, solid colorings, the very latest fabric for shirt waiat?,
rose, gray, reseda, red*, blue, purple anl all tha new fail
shade?, three gradaa, per yard..$/»£5, $1.OO and
£ 75o
POPLINS— Will be very styluh this fall and winter and are a 1 -
ready in great demand; they outwear any ordinary Silk;
nuny new colorings arrived last waek ani tha shaded now in
stock are in part newred3, old rose, delicata grays, magenta,
browns, tans, blues, heliotrope, reseda, ashes of rojea and
castor; will make very swell costunna for evening or street
wear, per yard ~..$1.OO
CREPE DE CHINE— Oor complete assortment of new fall shades
has arrive i. suitable for either street or evening wear, a
beautiful soft finish Silk in the new shades of rose, reseda,
pink, nile, blue, lavender, gray, purple, garnet, salmon, cream
and white. 24 inches wide, per yard $1*OQ
Pan no Velvets— Our stock now complete, all of tha mil-
linery shades that will be used thb fall are here; this velvet
ha3 very rich finish, is 19 inches wide, price, per yard..........
......^. ........ .$1.GO
First Aisle— Left of Entrance.
Good Stories,
Short stories by the
best living writers —
th's week 15 for
We,
Curtain Scrim,
40-icch Printed Openwork
Scrim; regularly 12^3 yd —
9:0 yard3 Monday,
lOc.
Blankets- -Extra Values,
WHITE WOOL BLANKETS— Made of fine, long, staple Ohio
fleece, close y and firm y woven, neat borders in blue, pink
and scarlet, size 72x84 inches, a great value, per pair
$4.95
WHITE WOOL BLANKETS— An extra grade, best California
wool, . fleecy, soft finish, silk ribbon bindings, pretty pink cr
blue borders, size 72x84 inches, weigh 7 lbs., per p3ir..
$6.95
Children's Jackets'" a 1 1
A Qloan-up Salem a r e
left of our summer styles, assorted into
three lots and marked at these extraordin-
ary prices while quantities list:
Lot 1— All $2.50, $3.00, $3.50 Jackets,
now $1,98
Lot2-All $4.00, $4.50, $5.00 Jackets.
now $2.48
Lot3-AU $6.00, $7.50, $10.00 Jack t«.
now $4»95
Second Floor.
Carpets—Mattings— Rugs,
Save from a quarter to a half now — large, new stocks arriving
and to arrive, for which mere room is needed, hence these big
cuts in pric°s.
AXMIXSTER CARPETS- 25 different patterns, va:ue3 _
up to $i.5"> a yard, thh week.; 75O
6Cc TAPES1RY CARPET— A very good grade, in bruht. cher-
ful patterns; also fane quality in hall and stair effect?, this
week ...45c
70c TAPESTRY CARPET— Copies of Body Brussels, border o
match, a very Sna erade, this week... , .B5o
ALL-WOOL INGRAIN— Finest quality, novelty pattern?, two-
tone effects, ppu ar price TOc a yard, this week BOO
JAPANESE LINEN WARP MA1T1XG — Inlaid and tile patterns,
plain white anl colored, thn wesk, per yard........ 25*9
Smyrna Rugs Special— A reversiDle Smyrna Rig of
exee.lent qua ity. siz9 36x7i inches, special this week.$1.95
Wcptcs Aft Rugs 2O Per Osnt Oft Regular*
PriCG— A weli-koown fabric, heavy, durable and sp endid
floor covering for rooms where Carpets are now wanted.
9 by 6 feet size, regulariy $6.0 J. now $4-.8O
9x7J feet size, regularly $7.50, now $6 -OH
9x9 feet size, regular.y $9.00, now.. $7.20
9x1- J feet siza, regularly $10.50, now... $3.49
12x9 feet size, roguiarly $12.00, now. .£9.60
13J.\9 feet size, regularly $13.50, mw.. $10.89
Second Floor— Rear.
Ladies' Newest Style Shoes
about GSo on tha Doilar v
We still continue to sell the Kingman & Fox shoes at less
than two-third* of the regular prices. Remember there are no
broken lots, odd siz3S or bad shapes anoun; these shoes.
Now, up-to-date stock, soaroely a month
out of the faotory m
$5.00 Patent Leather. French heel, lace shoe3 ....$3.35
$3.00 Vici Kid Lace Shoes ...$1,93
$250 Vici Kid Lnce Sh^es ...$1.69
First Aisle— Right of Entrance. .
?3.50 Patent Leather Lice Shoes $2.37
$3.50 Vici Kid or Veloriou3 Calf Lice Shoes ..$2.37
Popular Sheet Music, I2c.
For* Monday only we offer the following pieces of
sheet music at less than ha'f our regular every-day
cut Tire.- — 'er <*-py T, m2s
"My Sweet Eileen" "Gcraldine"
"Only Memory Pictures" "Song of Liberty Bell"
"There'll Come a Time" "Sonus from the Casino Girl"
"Before She Fell" "Annexation March"
"She Certainly Was Good to "Atlas March"
Me"
"I'm Sorry .Mr. Jackson, but I'll Have to Throw You Down."
Music Folios— A emai< stock of regular 50c *> j~ _,
Books to be closed ou' M'nday at half price *•»»
Music Department— Second Floor.
Ttsese FiBB*BdBiaaB*tQ Specials Cannot
Be Duplicated
g^^flsgfca^^fj when present lots are gone. Now is refurnishing time,
— r^v^fr* JLw an( * tne big'stort makes extraordinary effort to
j^^^^j^ demonstrate its supremacy in the Retail Furniture Busi-
• *L ,,mmy . ness of San Francisco.
" ' — |T Wk% GOLDEN OAK r EDROOM SUITE. 3 pieces, as in picture, swell front
— %^P dresser and washstand. prettily carved, 24x30; inch French beveled
.t4 ¦ ~.-~mx. I — <^y,| plate mirror in dres*er, very pretty design, fina «qa TWtZ
Jl j, jWWilllZ! ~U v orkmanship and finish, regularly $33, this week... 9*** ' •*
" gr *"'"^3m > Tl -^Tr^-qii •' GOLDEN' OAK HATRACK, as in picture, a very pretty design, stands
" — ~ =~=^=ss^" ' 6 feet high, has French piate serpentine shaped mirror, brass
r'\ I 0 "**-- hooks and um.rella stand, worth $20, special prica «n«<o
_ I _ W *-" * *-* this Week..... : ..9M&b£9
IT 0 [r ~^\ GOLDEN OAK EXTENSION TABLE, 42x42 inch top, heavy twisted
legs," h : ghly polished; can be extended to 6 feet; fully a<* •9tz
worth $12.00, this week. ..;... $7 • i &
a ENAMELED BED, bow front, finest lacquer that can be had; 3 sizes, 3 feet
\v d i, 3 feet 6 inches and 4 feet 6 inches; regularly sold g*gm ¦>«*
for *9.50, social this wsek.. &OaOV y
MORRIS CHAIR, a very handsome one, quarter sawed,'. Golden Oik. or fj
¦ — uvj -a^«-^v ft '. Mahogany tini hod, can ba sdjosted. to 5 positions, handsomely jy
*¥&:*— L* "^K_ " carvV<l frame, reversib'e cushions, covered in new design? of Bjl- *^-T
*»r* — rT~F = l = i^!inrf? gianVj!our>, worth $13.50, special this week~.... &*% *9e lfVT\
1 •-¦. I I I I IrU ...—••— —. .....'&9m7& f
* pv'fl M PT'i ro ' I f~n ' OFFI E DESK, solid oak, low top curtain. 43 inches wide, U9 inches III.
\ I I I I I I I ' deep, with convenient pigeon hole3 and 6 drawers, a g*m jm czt% k^"
\^XJJLLX&A va uo at $18.00, special jro this week $>I nra&U %f&
Furniture Department-— Second Floor.
Tailor Dresses
Less Than Half Price.
$22.50, $25, $27.50, $33.00
Tsitor Drosses — Monday
and Tuesday $13.50*
An assorted lot of this season's Tailor Drev. e*.
in all the popular co'ors and style*. A
few are silk lined — quite a few — thj
balance are of the best materials and lin-
ings, plain or trjmmed; the greatest bar-
gain in dresses of the year; regular prices
$20, ?22.5O. $25, ?27.E0 and $30.00;
lloniay and Tuesday ot«f» Bf%
*PB&a9U
Owing to the extremely low price all
alterations extra.
Second Floor— Front.
Silver Plated Spoons and
Forks at Gut Prices.
About 43 dcz.'n in this lot, triple
silver Dlatei on white metal, pat- m^j^^ ><
tern of hindles m shown in pict- s^ \
MTs—McnJjy only.
Table Spoons — Regularly *$2.4D ¦.
dczjn, Monday, set of 6 880
Forks- Re^ularlv $2.43 dozen, • »" ,
Monday, sot of 6.. ..88 O
Teaspoon? — Regu'arly $1.20 dozen, Monday, Bet of 6 44c
Silverware Department— Rotunda.
Naw FalS Dress Goods,
Dozens of beautiful weaves in black and the new rail co orings
will be shown for the fir*t time Mmiay. Thjy are tha van-
guard of the £n?st collection of Dress Fabrics that the big
sore, has ever owned. The alreaiy large assortment in-
c udes many prettv patterns of reversib'e plaida. wn icn
poraise to be in greiter demand than ever thi3 Fa.l and
Wirter.
J2-INCH COLORED VENETIAN CLOTH, all wool, perfect dye
and tinish fifteen ne.v exquisite coloring3, which include
three shadeb of gray, threo shad9S of biscuit, four shales of
b.ue, handsonw browns, caUor, etc.— an early fall letder at.
$1.OO yard
54-inch CA MEL'S HAIR* CHEVIOT, all woo!, in all of ihe rew
Fail shade?, very sty.i h for street wear, an exceptional
v.in- ior $1.00 yard
47-IXCH MELTQN CLOTH, all woo', heavy weight, shrunk and
epDngei, the correct material for jickefs and the new short
skirted walking costume; Stiepherd and Oxford grays, tans,
castor, brown, etc.; a cloth guaranteed t> give the most
satisfactory wear; introductory prico $1.5O yard
52-INCH REVERSIBLE CLOTH for slort skirts, b jth the plan
and plaid backs, in the largest variety of coiorin-js and the
best value to be found on the oast; price. .$2.00 yard
The nne Black Dress Fabrics include tailor cloths,
Venetian, Tlain and P.bbls Cheviots, Camel's Hair Cb v.ots,
etc. Prlestiey's Black Gooas an we'.l repre-
sented in our ne-x stock in both the plain and fancv fabrics.
BLACK CHEVIOTS, all wool, shrunk and sponge, ready for tha
need e. sn u ndid ra'uas, per yard 7Bo to $2.50
PEBBLE CHEVIOTS, new and very popular for tii'or suits and
short tk.rts. a:l wool, from 52 to 54 inches wide, per yard...
$1.5O, $1.75, $2.0O
CAMEL'S HAIR CHEVIOTS, yard
$1OO, $1.25, $1.50, S2.OO
Black Pianolas, new and exclusive designs, in wooi and
mohair, and also suk and wool dimas'e and crepons, 44
i'C.e* uiK y*rd $1.50, $1.75, $2.00, $2.25
First Aisle— Left of Kntrance.
$1O and $12.50
laclccts, $5.00.
: sortei lot of thi3 season's
Eton and fir-front si'k-lined
jackets— nearly all colors
and almost every size, fancy
reveres, high and low col-
lars, and p'ain jicket?; all
sorts of cloth; prices were
regularly *10 aad $12.50—
on siie" Monday and
r "f s ™:: $5,00
Slop Jar,
Papier Macho, 1 ght and
durable, regular y 75qr-
special Monday,
57 c,
Best Flour,
• Emporium brand,
none better made —
50-lb sacks Mcnday,
8Qc.
PLXJXjE THE WORLD!
7 /
DR.. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is the most
generally approved appliance for the cure of all
ailments of the nervous or muscular systsm. De-
bility, weakness, lame back, kidney, liver or, blad-
der troubles yield to its gentle, soothing influ-
ence, and weak men and wemsn are made strong.
Sunday, 10 to 1.
OFFICE HOURS— Daily, 9 to 6.
TRADE MARK.
. - ... . . ; - ': + ' ' ? . '
DR. T. A. SANDEN> 6 OTarrell Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Or Call: and See Me.
ELECTRICITY gives strength and vigor. It
brings back your lost vitality and energy. It is the
vital fluid.
My 'Free Book Tells All About It.
WHO has anything but pity, for weakly, ema-
ciated; debilitated men P Who, i on the other hand,
fails to respect and admire physical health and
strength P : "¦
the; emporium.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE I EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Ready Made Sheets,
A Special Monday Sate.
A large Jot of nand-torn, dr.- ironed sn,«;t<, hammed ready
for use, made of a famous br3ni of good-wearing bleached
shsetinr, on sa'e Monrliv. at these astonishing price3.
H •?$ yards. ..36c each 2 xf J yards. .400 each
li\2h yards. ..43c each 2ix2$ yaris. ..S3o each
2Jx2J yards 5#G each
2Oc Dress Shields, 1Oc.
'. ji We hare secured at about half their real
>r . value 144 dozen feather weight cambris
pfo" • covered dress shields, good quality;
g;* .5 • there are t hree sizes in the lot, Nos. 2, 3
--^y an d regularly 15c, 17c and 20c a p«ir,
on sa'e Monday only...- — lOo
% ' - ' ' - - • '•¦ __ — "¦'-' ••'-'•-• ¦¦• — _--¦-¦ ¦ , — __.+
VFufiert Schmid's beauiifiu Marble Statue," California Venus/' now on free exhibition. \
$1.50 to $1O CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 5^113". " %
THE EMPORIUM.
Giothing Sacrifices
Lfl / f Boys' $7.50
ji I new Oxford g;
//I /• breasted coats,
//•/ / suit; up to date
' AfnnHfjxr anfi rim
Z-
ft
jUS1~ • 10^ wi v^\
front Wffl/'j
velad t'fa,
tands Jjgip
"13*6(1 J Ste^fcAj^A** 1
feet
M 1• Enough; erutta perchalB mafle into golf
balls every, year $ to insulate an Atlantic
cablc*!;'ffig!B#3$SMfesg>' ? . -UBMBB
CALIFORNIAN S IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Aug. 1 1— W. H. Mur
ray of San Francisco Is at the Rlggs
House. V ;¦¦;:, ,- ..,:..;..;--¦.. ¦:..,,-
•¦ An Oakland benedict has shed new light on the
equities of domestic- life. He insists that when his
wife hits him'on the head with a pair of heavy shoes
he has a constitutional right to return the compliment
in kind. * '¦'/-' '_[ ;¦'"-"'¦ '.'".' *:
The firebug 'who set? fire to a Third-street lodging
house because his company was not wanted is likely
to find before his career is much longer that there are
some places where he can secure a permanent resi
dence. .
A^cw more protests from angry citizens may ¦con
vince the Board of Education that it has not been
delegated to govern the School Department as a pri
vate reservation in which the public has neither in
terest: nor right.
In three years the expense. of running
an - Atlantic | steamer • exceeds the- coat • of
construction.
"_ Germany is - putting a tax on imported
beer, to help in, covering the cost of the
new warships. - . '
In the private schools of China a teach
er Is paid about one halfpenny a day for
each pupil.' •
London newsboys are now prohibited
from yelling forth the contents of their
wares.
• The American stage now boasts a Her
bert Standing, a Will Rising, a WiBiam
S?i n F' a Cum a Running and a Charles
Rideing.
Historical Erasmus Hall, in its day a
famous school of Brooklyn, which was
erected in 178tf. is to be torn down. Alex
f.?°, er ,,n an »lltcn and Aaron Burr contrib
the b lidf aC Wa thC constructlon ot
The sum of $10,000 was raised recently
in London for the erection of a statue to
General Gordon at Khartoum. It will
take the form of a replica in bronze on a
camel, which was executed In 1S0O by E.
Onslow Ford.*R. A., and which is now in
the Crystal palace at Sydenham.
FOR CALL READERS.
C. W. Pruett, >wife and three children,
arrived from 1 China yesterday and are
stopping at the Occidental. Mr. Pruett
Is a missionary who was .located near
Chefu. When the Boxers posted their
notices he departed ; for f civilization and
saw none of the reported, violence.
John McDermott, the popular night
clerk of . the Palace, has gone into the
mountains north of Uklah in_the pursuit
of fish and game. He will be absent two
weeks.
E..O; Miller, a prominent oil speculator
of Fresno, is registered at the Palace. He
has just returned from Paris.
Judge Silent and son of Los Angeles are
at the Palace/ ?
G.' H. Edwards, a banker of . Flagstaff,
Is registered at, the Occidental.
Mark R. Plalsted of the Fresno Demo
crat is registered at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
could at this period only move &3 sb« wag
moved by the help of her attendants."
As I was some fifteen miles from Fred
erick upon the day referred to I cannot
pretend to decide between Mr. Whlttier
?Ef Ml \/ gbe £/ J f 11 J ca * «ay is that ij
the incident didn't happen it ought to
have, for it is so exceedingly pieturesQue,
SCENE FROM "BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
"Listen! I know the Lutheran minister there ! I'll be at his house
at no^n. Til marry you, all the same!"
bara's home at Frederick. Captain Trum
bull is brought in severely wounded by a
shot fired by Barbara's brother, a Con
federate officer. His wound is bound with
a little old Union flag (mark this!) which
Barbara has given him. Brother and sis
ter unite to conceal the wounded man In
Barbara's room. During the rest of the
act (the best-written in the play) the in
terest of the audience Is admirably held
by keeping them guessing as to whether
Barbara will be able to preserve her lover
concealed from the many enemies who
seek his life. A Confederate search gang
is stopped by the timely arrival of an or
der from Stonewall Jackson. Barbara's
father is won over by his daughter's
pleadings for her captain, and Jack Neg
iey, now going crazy from the excitement
of war and the pang of rejected love (a
little weak. Mr. Fitch)— Jack Negiey is
subdued by— well, the lines tell you noth
ing as to the means and all I can make
out from the stage direction is that it Is
by the remarkable beauty of Miss Mar
lowe's eyes. Quite possible.
The fourth act is awkwardly cut up Into
If you have not yet contributed to the fund, think
the matter over to-day and make up your mind to do
so. Up to this time the subscriptions have been lib
eral, but it is desirable that the whole $50,000 should
be contributed before the close of the coming week.
The date of the celebration is rapidly approaching,
and there is no time to spare in making preparations
for the elaborate adornments designed for the occa
sion. Promptness is therefore as important at this
time as liberality. Make up your mind to-day, and
put up your coin to-morrow. It isto be an accom
plishment in the way of a jubilee celebration that the
whole State will be proud of, and you should have
the satisfaction of knowing that in proportion to
your means you helped to make it so.
Ample preparations have been made for just such
a celebration as the most patriotic Californian can
desire. The whole State is to take part in it, and
every county will have a brilliant representation in
the display arranged by its Native Sons and the en
terprising and progressive men of the community
who help them. The one, thing for San Franciscans
to do is to prepare for their share in the celebration
or. a scale worthy of the metropolitan rank of the
city. To attain that there is needed money. The
committee in charge of the celebration asks of the
city $50,000, and in view of the large sums of money
that will be brought here by the visitors and put into
circulation through the channels of trade, that sum
is certainly none too large.
ON this day of rest from the engrossing pursuits
of business every citizen of fair means and
public spirit should give some thought to the
issues concerned in making the celebration of Admis
sion day a festival of such surpassing magnificence
that it will attract the attention of the whole Union
tc the high degree of prosperity California has at
tained. A celebration of that kind will of course be
much more than a season of gayety and pleasure. It
will be a demonstration of the rich resources of the
State, and will go far toward bringing home-seekers
and capitalists here to assist in making the develop
ment of the future^cven more rapid. and remarkable
than that of the past.
THE JUBILEE ' CELEBRATION.
On the morrow (act II) they meet in
the minister's house at Ilagerstown; but,
alas, before the knot can be tied Trumbull
The setting of the first act is charming —
a street in Frederick, Maryland, with its
quaint old. colonial houses, Corinthian
pillared and honeysuckle-bedecked. Three
Southern girls — "rather thoughtless young
creatures, but sweet-tempered and warm
hearted"—are chatting on the stoop. Bar
bara within Is playing the piano and
singing. To her enters Jack Negiey, a
hot-headed young Marylander, who soon
exits, rejected of Barbara. The lovemak
lng begins early in this play, you notice,
and continues fast and furious — such are
the exigencies of a bright-twinkling star
(Miss Marlowe), for whom the play was
•written. . Exits then the villain and en
ters then the hero, a Northern officer, of
course (Captain Trumbull), who quickly
wooes and wins the lovely Barbara.
Parental malediction, based on Southern
prejudice, descends upon the lovers, who
are separated, but not without a whis
pered promise from Barbara that she will
meet the captain on the morrow and
marry him.
her character. In that poem she Is spoken
of as "old Barbara Frletchie, bowed with
her fourscore years and ten"; she Is also
called "Dame" Barbara, and there Is ref
erence to her "old gray head." This being
so, it is jather startling to be told by, Mr.
Pitch that "Barbara Is a ravishing young
creature, who has more or less willingly
'upset' most of the youth of the town. A
loose, delightful curl of her wavy dark
hair lies on her white neck, held in place
by a red pink camellia." . (This really
means that her neck was held In place.)
"Her eyes arc large and beautiful, and she
does what she likes with them. Her soul
Is awakening within her, however, and her
coquetry has seen Its best days. , She Is
dressed in a billowy mass of blue gauzi
ness, bare neck, save for a blue cameo,
and bare arms, save for two lovely dim
ples." (Does this mean that the dimples
were not bare? If bo, how were they
clothed?) • • • Now, such a Barbara
Frietchie is certainly not the image called
up to most people's minds by the mention
of that name; that Mr. Fitch could run
counter to a preconceived historical asso
ciation, could give his play an unhappy
ending, could load It up' with yards of dull
¦writing and could yet score ¦with it a suc
cess—all this Implies some excellency in
the. treatment, for which he is entitled to
much credit. This excellency— this single
excellency — he has. and it is by far the
most important for the playwright. That
workman may not be on-good terms with
the grammar of his own language, he may
be quite incapable of getting 1 any crisp
ness or finish into his dialogue, he may
find It ever beyond his power to advance
from the sketching of type to the etching
of character, but if he has an eye for a
situation he may write a hugely success
ful play and laugh at the critics. This is
what- Mr. Fitch has done in "Barbara
Frietchie."
Here is the situation as it stands: A conspiracy
¦was formed to obtain fraudulent possession of the es
tate of Joseph Sullivan. The Call exposed the con
spiracy and furnished so much evidence against the
guilty parties that one of them, Chretien, confessed,
and another of them, Rogers, declines to answer
questions on the ground that he cannot be required to
incriminate himself. All the facts are matters of com
mon notoriety, and still the Bar Association does
nothing. How long is the inaction to continue?
By the delay to tr.ke action upon the offenses,
which have now been amply proven, there attaches a
disgrace to the Bar. Association, in which the most'
icspected of its members share. Why should "the
abler and more influential lawyers of the association
be silent in an emergency of this kind? Are they
afraid to begin? ¦ Is there no one in the association
who dares to start a movement to purge it of rascals?
The Bar Association has in this matter a duty not
less important than that* which rests upon the Grand
Jury and the courts, i The public asks not only why
Rogers is not indicted for conspiracy with Chretien
and for perjury, but -why the Bar Association has
taken no steps to disbar the guilty attorneys. Is a
self-confessed criminal like Chretien fit to hold the
privilege of practicing at the California bar? Is a
man like Roger?, who refuses to answer questions for
fear that his answers would convict him of crime,
fit to continue the practice of law? Are these two men
to retain their membership in an honorable profes
sion, or are the people to understand that the profes
sion is not honorable?
Rogers is liable to indictment for conspiracy to
loot the estate of Sullivan and for committing per
jury. What he has been guilty of in the way of con
tempt of court is therefore but a minor incident in the
case. «»Thc offenses of which his own testimony and
the records of the court tend to convict him are
among the most serious of which an attorney can be
guilty. That they should be committed constitutes in
itself a serious scandal upon the administration of
justice in our probate courts and the reputation of
the bar, but if they be permitted to go unpunished the
scandal will become a thousandfold worse. The courts
and the bar will be themselves suspected of conniving
at that kind of crime, and possibly of participating
ill it.
The principles involved in the case are too impor
tant for the public to permit the affair to be set aside
without further proceedings on the part of the court,
the Grand Jury and the Bar Association. Rogers is
under suspicion of offenses far worse than contempt of
court, and the suspicions are founded largely upon his
own testimony. He swore in court that he had neither
received any money' nor been promised any to consent
to the dismissal of thi objections he had filed against
the distribution of the estate of Joseph Sullivan to
the alleged heir Chretien had brought forward. That
testimony has been contradicted by witnesses who de
clare he did receive money for that express considera
tion. Furthermore, Rogers, when before the Grand
Jury and when before the court after the evidence
against him had been made known, refused to answer
questions concerning the case, and based his refusal
upon the ground that he cannot be required to
incriminate himself.
HAVING served the five days' imprisonment to
which he was' sentenced for contempt of court
in refusing to answer questions in the Chretien
case, Attorney James Taylor Rogers is once more at
liberty. The questions asked him remain unanswered,
and it remains to be seen what the court will do
should he again show himself in contempt if the ques
tions be repeated.
THE CASE OF ROGERS.
SUNDAY AUGUST 12, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAX ACER'S OFFICI> T ' >lc|>llon^J!5^!L5£^
J'CIILICATIOA OFFICE. .Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Pre»i 2O1.
IIDITOKIAL IIOOMS....217 to 221 SteTenaon St.
Telephone I»res» 202.
Delivered fiy Currier*. 15 Cenf« Per Weelc
Single Copien, C Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including: I'ontncri
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year *« -W
DAILT CALL (Including Funday). C months *."*
DAILY CALL (Including Eun&ay). 3 months 1.50
PAILY CALL— By EJnjne Month «Sc
FUN DAT CALL One Year 1»
WEEKX.T CAUL. One Year LOO
AJJ poitmattera are authorized to receive
fsubiecrlptionii.
S&mslt ccplea will be forwarded when requested.
Mall KUbscribers In ot-awlng change of »dcJre«s ebocld be
I articular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In crier
to Insure a prcnirt and correct compliance xrtth their request.
OAKI.A.XP OFFICE 1118 Droadiray
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising;, Marquette Building, Chicago.
Cl«rmg Distance Telej-hcne "Central MIX")
KKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN Heraid Square
"toKVr TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebartnma Bock; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hole!;
rreraont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRASCF OFFICES-tn Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
uctil »:» o'clock. 830 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open uctil »:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. or*n until
S:S0 o'clock. :Ml Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 1261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock, 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N\V cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
THE FRESNO PARRICIDE.
THE Greeks provided no punishment for parri
cide, refusing to believe that any child account
able for its acts or comprehending them could
ever be guilty of taking the life of its parent.
There is a long stretch of history between the time
of the Greek commonwealth and now. but it is prob
able that the records of crime furnish but little that
can go to controvert the philosophy of the Greeks.
Children have taken the lives of parents in all ages
and in every nation, but it is doubtful if the elements
of comprehension and accountability have been
present.
In the light of. the researches of Lombroso and
other students of abnormal and degenerate man, it is'
doubtful whether these classes, which supply a ma
jority of our criminals and recidivists of our prisons,
can be held accountable for a moral comprehension
of the crimes they commit. A parricide has
recently been hanged at San Quentin. He was pun
ished properly, and his hanging was justified because
society is not under any obligation to support and
preserve the lives of monsters. But the facts in his
case make it clear that he was a degenerate, in whom
the primal abnormal germ had been developed by de
bauchery and vicious courses. The recent attempt of
Strassman to murder his blind father is another case
of the same kind. His degenerate tendency has been
reinforced by an abandoned and vicious life, until the
element of moral responsibility had vanished.
The most painful of recent cases is that of the
Himes children at Fresno. One of them may be dis
missed from the discussion because of his childish
years. Children of that age have killed each other in
sport, lacking the judgment to foresee the conse
quences of the acts which caused death. They have
been known to play hanging and strangle to death a
playmate, who willingly submitted to have the noose
put upon his neck and be drawn up. And there have
been cases in which children, imitating the beheading
of fowls, have decapitated a comrade. These are the*
thoughtless acts of immaturity, due, probably, to a.
lack of parental caution and instruction which would
have admonished them of the danger of such things.
The case of the elder Himes boy, however, presents
the features of degeneracy. He desired to achieve the
ownership of his father's team and wagon, planned a
use of the property profitable to himself, and nego
tiated a partnership with his cousin, who had pro
vided part of the capital necessary for the venture.
His abnormal mind seems to have been completely
occupied by a precocious scheme that was to benefit
himself, and he never morally considered the awful
means by which he was to achieve it. His father
stood in the way. His removal seemed to be a trifling
matter. He broached it to his younger brother and
his cousin, dwelling upon the material advantage it
would be to them all to own the team and earn money
with it for themselves*. Listening to his persuasion,
they naively confess that they thought it would be .1
good plan, and the two brothers thereupon took crim
inal means, by the theft of junk, to raise the few cents
necessary to buy the poison. The elder brother ex
hibited most precocious qualities. With the most re
markable nerve he administered the first dose of poi
son, and continued to give it to his suffering and un
suspecting father. When the exposure came he had
the cunning to give another than the real reason, de
claring that his father lfated and abused him. His
foresight told him that such a plea would favorably
affect those who were to judge him. The mind, in a
boy of his age, which could conceive and carry out
such a plan and cunningly devise such mitigating in
cidents when exposed is at once seen to be abnormal
and degenerate. To his conscience the scheme was
not presented as the murder of his father, but the pos
session of property which he coveted. He did not
regard himself as a parricide, for he was merely taking
a step to make himself the owner of a team to be
used for his own benefit. Had the scheme succeeded,
he .vould no doubt later on have killed his young part
ner in order that he might be the sole owner of the
property, and would have felt no moral compunction,
because to his degenerate conceptions the prospective
good to himself was the greatest consideration.
The difficult problem for the law to solve is the
proper disposition of him. The sentiment of the com
munity recoils from hanging a child of his tender
years. To put him in one of the State schools is
hardly the proper thing, for it would introduce him
to the society of many who are the victims of circum
stances and bad training, and who have the capacity
for complete reform and good citizenship. There
seems no alternative but his lifelong confinement
in a prison, where he and his crime wilNbe forgotten.
THflT JUDICIARY SCriEME.
THE l^st Legislature passed two amendments to
the constitution bearing upon the proposed
change in our judicial system, one at the regu
lai and one at the special session. These amendments
conflict, and there is a conilict of opinion as to which
should be offered to the voters, or it both should be.
Ii both are offered ard adopted, the maze of legal
complications resulting will be appalling. We arc
convinced that neither should be adopted. The addi
tion of nine appellate Justices to our judicial system
carries a burden of taxation not justified by any bene
fits that will foilo'.v.
We have pointed out the folly of cutting out and
stitching a judicial garment for this State as ample
as that required for the State of New York. The
same subject has bee:i discussed by other States.
Iowa, with a population of two millions and a quar
ter, has a Supreme Court of six Judges. Last year
it had on its docket 766 cases. At a recent meeting of
the Ear Association of that State the relief of the
court was discussed. Three plans were considered —
First, increase the number of Justices; second, limit
the cases in which appeals may be taken; third, create
an intermediate 2ppelhte court. In the event of the
adoption of the third plan an appellate court of three
Judges was favored, elected for six years, with a salary
of $4000.
The last Legislature had before it an amendment to
effect this, which passed the House but fell in the
Senate. The association did not, however, indorse
this plan, while pointing out its necessary features if
finally adopted.
Surely ii that great State can get along with appel
late courts aggregating nine Justices in all, California
does not need an establishment of eighteen!
In the discussions in the Iowa Bar Association it
vres shown that more efficient help would come by re
form in judicial procedure, and by securing on the
bench of the courts of first instance Judges vrhose
knowledge of the science of law would be so much
respected as to stop many appeals by the authority of
their decisions upon many issues upon which neither
court nor attorney is certain, and which, therefore, are
passed cp to the final court. Perhaps that is one dif
ficulty here. Attorneys arc permitted to indulge in
long arguments with the object of enlightening the
court, feeling that the bench is just as uncertain as
themselves, and after much waste of time an exception
is taken from the ruling r Judge and all being in doubt,
but willing to burden the court of last resort with a
matter that should never be carried past the point of
original jurisdiction.
It is true that the taxpayers elect the Judges, but
when they appreciate the importance to them of high
talent and training on the bench, they will more care
fully discriminate in the nomination and election of
Judges.
These necessary reforms are not advanced by the
proposed medley of amendments. They dsal with
symptoms and leave the disease unmended. Indeed
they threaten its aggravation by the new litignbie
issues they will inevitably raise. We do not desire
for California the bad eminence implied in a cumber
some, cosily and inefficient judicial system, which '11
patched end added to '.vithout regard to the true prin
ciples of its reform, and every patch and addition
costing the taxpayers without increasing their chance
to get justice in the courts.
It is our expectation that the people will refuse
ratification of cither of these propositions, and it is our
hope that the real lawyers will be heard from in oppo
sition, r.nd that hearing them the people will be en
lightened upon the elements of a genuine reform.
The legal profession cf the State will not permit it
self to be suspected of promoting the multiplication of
judicial positions, because it has the monopoly of fill
ing them. It is a profession specially charged with
the application to the issues between men of a science
that originated for the purpose of securing human
rights and making property safe in its legitimate
ownership. Being such, it will refuse to be ranked
with the mere greedy who seek their own aggrandize-
ment, regardless of the. public welfare.
TIME TO COME WEST.
T~~\EPORTS from :he East concerning the weather
V~J are almost as fearful as those which tell of
fighting in the Philippines, or even in South
Africa itself in these later days. The summer has
been unusually severe all over the country east of the
Mississippi, and of late the heat has been intensified
at spells by successive hot waves, originating evi
dently in hades, and sweeping impartially over the
crowded cities and the summer resorts, so that those
who stay at home and those who seek the seaside or
the mountains get an equal treatment.
In New York on Thursday there was a combina-.
tion of heat and humidity that made a record almost
unparalleled in that city. Only one death from sun
stroke occurred during the day, but several persons
were prostrated by the heat and nearly all business
was suspended. In the city of Philadelphia there
were three deaths and twenty prostrations during the
day, and in the suburban towns the record was fully
as bad. In the manufacturing city of Chester the big
mills shut down and all work was stopped.
In the cities of the Upper Mississippi Valley the
record was even worse than on the Atlantic coast.
Reports of deaths and prostrations come from Cleve
land, Detroit and Milwaukee, but the worst effects of
the hot wave appear in Chicago. From that city it
is learned that in one day there were four deaths and
twenty-nine prostrations, three of which are expected
to result fatally. The total number of deaths due
directly to the heat for the week is seventeen, and it is
estimated that indirectly the heat has caused during
the week the deaths of upward of 100 persons. Gang?
of workingmen are laid off every afternoon, and the
effect upon the business of the city is reported as
being "extremely serious."
Of course the reports that tell of prostrations and
deaths on the streets do not by any means make up
the full record of the effects of the heat. Hundreds
of persons are stricken in their homes •> whose names
do not become known to the public. In all the
Eastern cities it is noted that the death rate is mount
ing rapidly since the hot waves began, and in Chicago'
it is estimated the number of deaths for the week will
reach 6oo, while in the previous week it was 465.
We arc fond of boasting of our glorious California
climate, but it is doubtful if we fully appreciate its
value until some such contrast as that afforded; by
the reports from the East is brought to*public atten
tion. California should be widely advertised for' its
summer weather. ;Thousands.of persons visit the
southern part of the State in the winter to escape the
rigors of that season of the East, but comparatively
few come to escape the hot waves of the summer.
The. bracing breeziness of a San Francisco "summer
is not understood in the East as it should be, other
wise every midsummer would find thousands of men
and women from that section enjoying here a com
plete immunity from the prostrating arid debilitating
effects of hot waves.
By L Du Pont Syle.
Is summoned to join his company. The
Confederates are advancing; soon their
sharpshooters occupy the house and the
very room where Barbara is left forlorn.
A deserter from Captain Trumbull's com
pany, one Gelivex, seizes a coign of van
tage behind a shutter and draws a bead
on him as he comes charging up the street
at the head of his rallied men. Barbara en
treats. Implores Gelivex not to shoot. He
refuses and is about to fire, when Bar
bara, desperate, shoots him through the
right arm and thus saves her lover for
the time. A good situation! Bravo. Mr.
Fitch! Immense applause as the curtain
descends on act II. «
The third act takes us back to Bar-
HE Life Publishing Company of New
Tork i has brought out in most at-
I tractive form Clyde Fitch's four-act
I tragedy, "Barbara Frietchle, the
I Frederick Girl." In spite of some
1 crudities, this play is one on which
Mr. Fitch is to be congratulated, for
It marks a decided advance from the medi
ocrities of "Beau Brummel" and the atro
cities of "The Moth and the Flame."
Although it is now, I think, generally
acknowledged that the story of Barbara
Frietchle is as much a myth as Is that o£
Tell and the apple or of George "Washing
ton and the cherry tree, It Is equally cer
tain that Whlttler's fine poem has crys
tallized forever the popular conception of
A CONSIDERATION OF
CLYDE FITCH'S NEW PLAY
two scenes. In the first Trumbull dies:
Barbara bends over the bed and slowly
drags away from Trumbull's body the
blood-stained, ragged flag she had given
him; clasping It to her bosom, breathing
with difficulty and suppressing her sobs,
she goes across and out of the room. In
the second scene (the street of act I)
Stonewall Jackson comes riding by and
Barbara raises the flag that had bound
her lover's wound, crying to the angry
crowd: "Shoot! You've taken a life al
ready dearer to me than my own. Shoot
and I'll thank you, but spare your flag."
Jackson then utters h!s historic saying;
hardly said, when Jack Negiey (quite
mad) shoots Barbara, and 13 himself or
dered to be shot by his own father.
'Tis a most unhappy and a most beauti
fully logical ending. Mr. Fitch. I salute
you for having the courage not to writo
a most beautifully illogical, happy end-
Ing, Just to please the audience, as you
did In "The Moth and the Flame." In tha
way you are now going lies all the success
worth having, apropos of which. I com
mend to you this story of Scribe and Al
fred de Musset. Said Scribe one day to
De Musset: "How do you manage It? X
write with no Idea but to amuse the peo
ple, and yet I cannot make them laughj
as you do." "Ah," replied De ilusset,
"but I write to amuse myself."
r Those Interested in studying the evolu-.
f tlon of evidence should read the state
|> rcent concerning: Barbara Frietchle pub-»
k Ushed by her nephew and administrator,
\, Valerius Egbert. In the Southern Hlstorl-r
i cal Society's papers, volume VII, page 43&
; Mr. Fitch should really have printed thlm
? as a motto on hla programme: the audit
ence would then have found In hla worl^
' an element of humor which la now some
» what lacking. "Writing from Frederick on!
, the 27th of August. 1373, Mr. Egbert says:
' "Truth requires me to say that Stonewall
Jackson, with his troops, did not pass
Barbara Frletchle's residence at all, but
' passed up what Is popularly called thai
- Mill alley,' about 500 yards above her rest?
> dence. • • • The poem by "Whittle?
represents our venerable relative (then 9i
years of age) as nimbly ascending: to hes
* attic window and waving her small Fed
. eral flag defiantly In the face of Stonewall
, Jackson'3 troops. Now, what are tha
facts at this point? Dame Barbara waa
at the moment of the passing of that dls->
' tlngulshed general and his forces through
' Frederick bed-ridden and helpless and
» had lost the power of locomotion. She
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
26
AHUSEMEHTS.
LOANS
ON DEFINITE CONTRACT.
INSTALLMENT PL ATI.
$12 85 a month pays up a J100O loan la 10
years; »30 80 in S years.
Citizens' Bnltding and Loan Association.
HZ MONTGOMERY ST.
DR.MCNULTY.
nmia welu-know.n and reliable old *I ,
X Specii»lmcure* Private. Nervous, antl Blood Uls- <i
eases of Aleu only. Itoolt 00 1'nvate Diseases and
Weaknesses or Men. free. Over :»y'rV experience.
Patient* curel;\t Horn*. Terms reiuotifthlc Hours*
to3dally:6.30to8:yOev'jPi.SnndHV.i, 10 toll Consul,
tattoo free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
-:-.P. KOMCUU aieXtriYTY. 31. O.
2«K Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
The Santa F» will sell tickets to Chlcasn
and return on August 21 and 23 at the- Terr
low rate of J72 50. rood for sixty daym. Taia
Is a very low rate and is open for all. They
will tell you all about it at (CS Market street.
Do You Enjoy Comfort
IVnen you travel? If you do. buy your tick*!
via the Northern Pacific R'y and rido on tin
"North Coast Limited." th« most perfectly ap-
pointed train in America. Solid vestibuled and
lighted with Incandescent electrlo > lights, ob-
servation car with a large parlor for ladles,
tourist *leepins car finished la mahograny and
upholstered in olive ereen leather. Th» only
line sclllnr tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at th* low.
est rates. T. K. 6TATELER. Gea. A*t. C3
Market at. S. F.
Balloons are used for dryinar linen la
Paris laundries. Bamboo frames ara at-
tached to a captive balloon and thet
clothes are attached to them. Ta a
loon makes six ascents dally to a helgnt
Special , Information supplied fiaHy ta
business houses and public men by tha
Press Cllppinsr Bureau (Allen's). 610 ilont.
gomery st. Telephone Alain 1042. •
Cal. clace fruit 60c per ID at Townsead**.'
AUCTION SALES.
Ey Chase & Men fienhall— To-morrow, Horses cud Mules, at
1TI2 Market street.
By S. ¦Watklns--Monaar. August 2C. at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at Tweirth and Harrison etret-ta.
By Occidental Horse Exchange— Tuesday, August 14, at 11
o'clock. Horses, at 7C1 Howard street.
Ors&ema — Vaodevffle.
Or&nd OjH?ra-hous« — "Tba SClSfileman."
California— "Rush City."
Tlvo!l— "Rtcoletto."
Alcazar— "The Country GlrL"
Columbia — Burton Holmaa Lectoiti.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ed<Jy etreeU— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every cftem^oa and
•venire.
Fischer" ¦ — Vaudeville.
Ban Mateo Coursins Park — Ccurslcx-
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Eutro Baths— Open N'lehta.
State Fair, Sacramento— September t to 15.Auditor Wells decided yesterday to
compromise the claim of City; Game and
Fish : "Warden James J. Fallon : by ¦ paying
him . $399 66 as his « salary from October 1
to .January . 8/ Fallon contended that he
was J appointed for ' two • years, . regardless
of .the charter,' and" obtained Judgment
for his October, salary. In- the court. ;Fal
lon agreed to the compromise.
Fallon's Claim Compromised.
Shark- caught! by V. Bardolinl and L.
Maggiooff Alcatraz Island will be on ex
hibition at 926 Market street. Public cor
dially invited. : • ' . •
Shark Exhibit.
Call Issued for Mass Meeting of
Parents to Protest Against
Board's Action.
A circular has been issued to all parents
and others opposed to the recent action
of the Board of Education in transferring
primary pupils from the Pacific. Heights
School to the Grant cr any other "school
and "consolidating" the grammar pupils
of the Grant School into the Pacific
Heights or any other school, thus greatly
overcrowding- the Pacific Heights bchoor.
Those notified are requested to meet at
WILL, STRONGLY OPPOSE
SCHOOL CONSOLIDATION
Charles W. delivery clerk
with Wells. Fargo & Co., swore to a com
plaint In Judge Cabanlss* court yesterday
for the arrest of Louis E. Smith, an em
ploye at the Union Iron Works, on the
charge of forgery. . Smith is accused of
forging the name of W. E. Smith to a
receipt for a package from Truckee val
ued at $25 on July 30. Chapman had to
pay the amount out of his own pocket.
Accused of Forgery.
The sale of the Famous Natha.n-Dohr
mann collection of Art Goods, embracing
Statuary,' Bronzes, Vases, Clocks, etc
which begins to-morrow morning is at
tracting wide attention among lovers of
art. The perfect goods in this fine collec
tion are to be offered at heavy discounts
from regular prices' and the articles In
jured during the recent fire will be sold
at merely nominal prices.
From All Parts of the World.
Dr. Max Strassman. 1418 Larkln street,
who was shot three times by his degener
ate son, Leopold, Friday morning, is re
covering. Dr. Hart said yesterday that
unless blood poisoning set in he would be
all right In a few days. Leopold has not
yet been charged.
Dr. Strassman Recovering.
Once more the Supreme Court has de
cided that a man cannot be Imprisoned
for debt. Charles Scheper sued his wife
Lizzie for divorce, and pending the liti
gation Superior Judge Dunne ordered him
to give his wife $55 alimony and counsel
fees. Scheper being poor and dependent
upon his manual labor for his dally bread
was unable to. comply with the order, but
the Judge committed him to prison un,til
he did as directed, whether he was able
or not. Scheper sought relief by habeas
corpus in the Supreme Court, where ho
told the story of his povery. He was Im
mediately discharged.
Charles Scheper Set Free.
The California delegates to the National
Encampment of the Grand Army of the
Republic, which Is to meet during the lat
ter part of the month In Chicago, will
leave this city by special car on the 22d
lnst. They will be accompanied by the
delegates to the Council of the Woman's
Relief Corps. A special rate has been al
lowed the veterans of the Civil War. F.
\j. Turpin. secretary of the committee of
arrangements, has been appointed to look
after transportation matters.
Grand Army Encampment.
The Delightful Bay and River Trip
to 23e Repeated.
One week from to-day, Sunday, August
13th, there will be another of those de
llKhtful excursions on the Sacramento
River, the comfortable steamer Apache
to be used for the occasion, and the trip
to be from the ferry depot, foot of Mar
ket street, to Collinsville and return. Ool*
llnsville Is on the Sacramento river a few
miles this side of Rio Vista, and makes
a very convenient turning point. In one
direction or the other the boat will deflect
from the main route and pass Vallcjo and
Mare Island Navy Yard. Round trln
fare $1.00.
The advantage and pleasure of an all
day steamboat excursion is because it is
so comfortable and free from fatigue and
annoyance. If the excursionists have a
band of music on board they can multi
ply the entertainment indefinitely with
dancing, music, singing, etc.
The steamer will leave the slip, foot of
Market street, at 9 o'clock and will get
back about 7 o'clock in the evening
ANOTHER RIVER
BOAT EXCURSION
A diamond scarfpSn worth 5250 was sto
len from George W. Dyche, a shoe sales
man, with offices in the Columbian build-
In?, while he was in the barber's chair
et the Go'don West barber-shop Thurs
day morning. The robbery was a most
daring one. considering the number of
people who were In the shop at the
time. Detective Reynolds Is working on
the case, but as yet not the slightest clew
has been discovered.
JMehe buns his collar and his cravat.
v.iih the diamond attached to it. a
hook back of one of the chairs. \\ hen
the barber had finished shaving him the
cravat and diamond pin had disappeared.
The thirf had pulled the piece of neck
¦u-' Lr out from between the folds of the
high turn-down collar, but had not
•waiied to detach the stud from It, he mak-
Ir.jr away with them both.
'fh*>re are five barbers and a porter In
the Ehop. The fl%-e chairs were full when
2Jo Clew to the Thief, Who Faced Al
most Certain Detection When
He Committed the
Crime.
'Valuable Scarf Pin Taken
While Owner Was Being
Shaved.
DARING THEFT
OF DIAMOND IN
BARBER SHOP
The Government has several warehouses
in this city, but they are all full to over
flowing, and there is great difficulty In
handling the Government traffic. The
heavy, artillery is here and ready to go
forward, and the regular army troops are
well on their way to this port, the under,
standing being- that there will be no delay
in their departure.
Large quantities of supplies are coming
from the East. ; These include about forty
cars of, canned goods every thirty days
the capacity ; of • each car being 40,000
pounds. It should not be understood that
the railroad and steamship activity i»
confined to this port, for it Is not. Con
tracts, have now been let which call for
fourteen:- transports to convey freight
from the Sound ; ports to China waters.
These ships will carry largely the forage
for the cavalry that has been obtainable
In - the Northwest, but the bulk of the
feed i for the I horses is to come from 1 the
Western States. The Government is now
advertising for bids for the supply of such
provender for delivery at this port. ;
By reason of these mighty preparations
being made by the Government for a pos
sible prolonged war there is and will be
for some time great activity, in this city
among those who deal in and transport
the .munitions of war. As a. prominent
railroad man put the situation yesterday:
"When great railroad lines are so pressed
with traffic for the Government that they
cannot ; handle It with satisfaction, not
withstanding great facilities, it can prop
erly be Inferred ¦ that there . Is - 'something
doing* that Is worth talking of."
Of course the activity»In transport ser
vice Is noticeable, but it is not generally
known that the demands upon the rail
road companies, not only transcontinen
tal but those in the Western States, Is so
great that it is almost impossible to han
dle the traffic. There are thousands of
troops on the rail now, bound for San
Francisco, but the freight trains bearing
commissary supplies and the munitions
of war are not announced. A great part
of these supplies are drawn from the
warehouses of Chlckamauga, where the
Government stored up vast stocks of food
to feed the thousands of hungry soldiers
who went to Cuba to punish the haughty
dons. These supplies are now being
brought forward and sent to the land of
the Mongol to sustain the men who are
destined to teach a painful lesson to the
misguided Asiatic.
To the casual observer Uncle Sam does
not appear to be doing anything in par
ticular in connection with the Chinese
situation, save to Bend a few thousand
troops from Manila and this port. There
is little on the surface save diplomacy,
but the emblematic gentleman, with the
pyrotechnic coat and trousers, has "a
move on," the speed of which compares
well with that which whipped Spain in
less than a hundred days.
Demands on the Railroad Companies
So Great That Goods Cannot
Be Handled With Dis- *
Immense Quantities of Army
Supplies Being Hurried
to This Port.
UNCLE SAM IS
PREPARING FOB
WAR'S DEMANDS
Sixty stewards and privates of the Hos
pital Corps from various parts of the Kast
were sent to Fort McDowell this morn
ing awaiting transportation abroad.
Dr. Rowe, a contract surgeon lately ar
rived here from Manila, was ordered un
der arrest this morning by Major GIrard,
surgeon In charge of the General Hos
pital. The doctor had been Indulging too
freely and amused himself by taking oft
his blouse, putting it on any of the col
ored troopers who happened to be near
and then saluting him. This all happened
In the saloons just outside the entrance
to the Presidio and soon came to th« ears
of Lieutenant Collins, who sent an am
bulance for the bibulous medico, who was
placed under arrest. He will, In all prob
ability, be sent to his home in Utah.
The new steam-heating apparatus at
the General Hospital will be in operation
for the first time to-morrow.
Siege Battery O is in camp at the Pre
sidio, under command of Captain J. R.
Williams, First Lieutenant C. C. Hearn
and Second Lieutenant P. R. Ward. They
brought with them sixty-five mules and
sixty-five heavy draft horses- to transport
the four 7-lnch howitzers, each of which,
ready for service, weighs 9000 pounds.
J. V. Cannon, a private of Company F,
Sixteenth Infantry, an inmate of the gen
eral hospital, suffering from a wound i/i
the leg, was allowed to leave the Pre
sidio on Friday nisht. In some unac
countable manner his crutch slipped,
throwing him to the ground, breaking the
already Injured leg.
Employes of the quartermaster's de
partment at the Presidio on going to work
at 7 a. m. yesterday found Thomas Ashe
lying unconscious in one of the corrals.
He was carried to the post hospital, where
on examination it was found that no
bones were broken. His chest was bruised
and greatly discolored. He remained in
an unconscious state all day and nothing
could be learned as to how he was In
jured. The doctors fear he is hurt in
ternally. His fellow-teamsters think he
was kicked by one of the horses.
Was Probably Kicked by One of the
Horses He Was Caring For.
Contract Surgeon in
Bruise and Discoloration on
His Chest, but No
Broken Eones.
TEAMSTER FOUND
UNCONSCIOUS IN
PRESIDIO BARN
The Board of Education and Superin
tendent of Schools have been invited :o
be present and ladies are also cordially
invited. The circular is signed by Henry
Ach. M. D. Brown, Alpheus Bull Jr., J.
D. Cuthbert, Albert M. Kohlberg, R. K.
Palache, Albert M. : Rosenbaum. William
Ross, Arthur G. Towne, J. XV. Valentine,
W. C. Van Fleet and Julius R. Weber.
Franklin Hall, on Fillmore street, be
tween Sutter and Bush, on Tuesday even
ing next at 8 o'clock.
The proprietor of the shop has no the
ory to offer. He Is completely mystified,
and is Inclined to blame Dycho for oarp
leFsncss In hanging up In a public place
so valuable a diamond.
The side of the shop in front of the
chairs is a solid mirror. Barbers and
customers face it. and th* hooks on the
other side of the narrow shop are in plain
view to all of them. It is a mystery how
the robbery could have been committed
without the deed being seen. The dan
ger of detection in the act makes the
tlWt an exceedingly daring one.
Dyche made his loss known at once,
but no one had seen any one else near
the hook where the cravat had been
hanging. The salesman went to the of
fice of the Chief of Police, and Detective
Reynolds was detailed to help him find
the thief. One of the barbers volunteered
the information that he had sat down in
the chair beneath the hook where the col
lar and cravat were hanging after he had
finished shaving his man. and he and the
porter were searched, but to no purpose.
the theft was committed, and so far as
the barbers remember there was no one
waiting. Two men who were being shaved
left before Dyche discovered his loss,
both of them being men well-known in
the shop. One was a Grass Valley mer
chant and the other a Sacramento young
man. Suspicion Is not directed toward
either of them.
The Rev. S. Goodenough will deliver a
lecture in the Temple, 117 Turk street, on
Sunday, the 12th inat.. at 8 p. m. The sub
ject will be "The Higher Ground." The
public is Invited.
"The Higher Ground."
Joseph Arnheim Stole Watches and
Jewels to Get Money to Play
Poker.
J. M. Strauss of the Star Loan Office. 75
Fourth street, took a trip East last April
and left Joseph Arnheim in charge of his
store. He returned a few days ago and
goon discovered that something was
wrong. Thursday he notified Captain
Seymour of his suspicions and the cap
tain detailed Detectives O'Dea and Rlor
f]an on the case. They saw Arnhetm, and
after being questioned he confessed that
he had betrayed the confidence of his em
ployer.
Arnhelm had taken watches and rlntjs
from the store from time to time and
pawned them, and from the pawn tickets
in his possession the detectives recovered
ten men's gold watches, two ladies' gold
watches, a silver watch and three dia
mond rings. The total amount received
by Arnheim on these articles was $203 bO.
There are other articles yet to be re
covered. The total value of the goods
stolen is about $1000.
BETRAYED THE CONFIDENCE
REPOSED BY EMPLOYER
The mall steamer City of Peking sailed
yc3tcnlay for the Orient. She carried
few passengers, but a very large cargo.
The Gaelic brings the news that the
whaling fleet in Japanese waters had
made the following catch: Bark Califor
nia, 13S7 barrels sperm oil; Chas. W. Mor
gan, 1400 barrels sperm oil: Alice Knowles,
1000 barrels *=perm oil and 275 barrels
v.'hale oil. and Josephine. 1700 barrels
sperm oil. Jules Ferry, one of the rr«"v
of the Josephine, was killed by a whale.
The Josephine was here about .five yeai.»
ago. but was sold to Eastern parties and
went to New Bedford. She is now on her
way back to this coast.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic arrived from Liie ui.^. .
via Honolulu yesterday evening. She car
ried 23 cabin, 5 Kuropean second cabin,
22 Japanese and 105 Chinese steerage pas
sengers.
Steamer Gaelic Arrives.
The Aztec Is loading horses and proven
der at Folsom 2, while the Slam Is being
got ready with a similar cargo at Folsom
1. The Rosecrans and the Strathgyle are
to take a siege battery and the horses
and men between them, while the War
ren will. take the colored troops. The Lo
gan 1s coaled and ready to sail, while
the Sherman is ready to sail at a
moment's notice. The. Sheridan will be
ready in a week or so and could be put
In commission the first cf the month if
necessary. There will be no trouble in
getting all the troops required in China
away inside of two weeks.
Uncle Sam has a fleet *of eight vessels
ready, or getting ready, to sail for China.
During the next four weeks all of them
will get away and on some of them ¦will
be the most formidable Instruments of
war ever sent out of this country. A bat
tery of siege suns, a light battery and
men and horses to man them will be
among the first things to sail for Taku.
Men and Horses, Siege Batteries and
Light Batteries Are to Be Hur
ried to the Seat of
War.
Uncle Sam Has Eight Ships
Getting Ready for Trips .
to China.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
27
VERT LATEST
R^sdNt Straight Front,
Vl^' | Hand-Made
3 ( SAPPHIRE
/m CORSETS
OW $3.00 1» $15.00
PER PAIR.
¦¦/^¦^10-GearD St.,
// \ /\ iA CORNER KEARNT.
A^F^I X , ¦' CHESTER F.WRI6HT,
A^i^A Royal Worcester Cor-
Bct-Fittlnc Parlors.
P I FT n fill I I P 0 ""' Fourth and
.Valises checked free.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
To close out at Half Price.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Short ends of fine table linen, bleached and unbleached; table cloths, slightly
soiled; half-dozen lots of fine napkins; odds and ends of fine huck and damask
towels; one-half pair portieres and lace curtains.
Suitable for nightgowns, ladies' skirts and waists and children's wear, in plain
blue, pink and cardinal, pretty stripes and checks on cream pound; the soft
heavy kind, worth 12Hc yard.
Remnant Price to close 9c Yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Remnant Sa!e of Domestics.
„ Remnant Sale Price 10c Yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Remnants of Dark Cashmere Finish Flannelette.
In neat patterns, suitable for fall wrappers; the heavy good kind that was told for
Remnants to close out at 8c per Yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Remnants of German Eiderdown.
In dark and medium colorings. Dultable for waists and wrappers, some of them
slightly imperfect; In pretty flcpisna of rtrla^s. dots and Persian effects; 32
inches wide; sold for 23c yard last week; to close.
REMNANT SALF OF FRENCH SATEEN.
Remnant Sale Price 25c Yard.
MARKET-STREET STOTtS O»LY.
Silk Remnants.
Silk brocades, black and gold, black and grray; good value for 50c.
Half the Usual Prices.
Remnant Sale Price 25c Yard.
MARKET-3TREET STORE ONLY.
Black Silk Crepon.
All suit and skirt lengths of black sillc crcron will lx» sold this week at
Remnant Sale Price 20c Yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Black Iron Frame Alpaca.
The genuine English make, extra heavy quality, perfect fast black and ver7
lustrous silky finish, 12 Inches wide, a splendid dust repellant for traveling
dres?f«. also very nice for shirt waists, bathing «utts. etc; lengths l'i to 7 yaruj;
regular II 00 kind.
Remnant Sale Price 50c Yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Shetland Gray Suitings.
Nice shades of light and dark OxforJ mixtures, blue, rray and dark brown
mixed effects, lengths of 2 to 9 yards, 38 to 40 inches wide; sold at 50c yard
regularly; some all wool, lurae wool and mohair.
In lengths of two to nine yards: evening shades, such as pink, baby blue, cherry
red. purple, cream. Sapho. garnet, etc.. 35 inches wide, very pretty for party
dresses, teasowns, evening: waists, etc., regular 40c Quality.
These are a few of thi many bargains to
be found on our remnant tables this week:
t %/ r imcnarl nctnriottiic
I ti"l iniJsIlClJ llcill IcLLuS)
LAST WEEK OF OUR
q
H That explains our prosperity. We are not in the fashionable shopping district. We are glad of it. Mission and Six- m
b teenth streets suits us. To the economist our location is a strong advocate for trade, for by reason of it we are enabled to sell jj
H irom 15 to 20 percent lower than the heavily taxed downtown shops. Our enormous establishment, with its facilities for g
g handling large quantities of goods with the least possible expense, is also explanatory of our- low prices and excellent values. ¦
H We carry the most complete stock of Furniture, Carpets, Curtains, etc., on the coast, rich in elegance of designs. In retail |
g circles our name is synonymous with masterly merchandising. \ £
I fe^lf en Oak
§ Pp¥n Polished Rockers
ra ,^3 '! f ' -niM LJk* c uf - worth $3, at
J4 fjjTtC*^^ Ifl «^ 2Fi0r 1 12CCS,
EJ \ v/'&fj 1— **'*€g!!Sf^^te^*\ Any one worth 5io*
Q Vg/^qW-nrf^y^''' Wt jn a j ( f ancy covers
Q \V Pi « zr '^ P°" s ' le d niahoj-
%^ S/ a °y finished frames —
— V^/J a'l at, eac 1
I " $6.75,
Larqe Golden Osk Combination
Book Cases —
Quartered Golden Oak, polished, extra
la.ge, like cut
Also imitation Mahogany.
Heavy Iron Bed, wiih full bra" rmun's
and top rod, like cut — Cj^ "7E
any color, tnv siz •... *4*\9> a vJ
Hsavy Iron Beds. ; ny sizs &A *"} K
1 CjVv^i&J'
Fine Parlor Suits, in ?l;ganr crvtrn^s,
manoRany finish d, 4 &tfc f|ffc
patterns vJTSO.UU' .
$6.50 <f||^iij&i| ji
R
¦
I EXCEPTIONAL LACE CURTAIN SALE, '
B3 LACE CURTAIN MARVELS— astonishing: prices for fine goods— large lota
n fl:r©ct from the world's foremost makers, bought six and eight months ago
p? la anticipation of the recent sharp advance.
m Ql Ifl for 5200 Nottingham Curtains. ZM yards long: — Madras and other
£3 OI«IU beautiful weaves — charming designs, neat point d'esprit and kindred
Q effects— liberal assortrntnts— no limit to
Q Quantities— the price is exceptional. m .m a-»
E3 KL.A -aKfor $6.50 Bat tenberg Lace Cur- <^ S ?*~Yi/l* / S>* \'\ C , "i
_ O^-.3D talris _ 3 i i yards long. 52 Jnches VS''^VcT M^-l a^¥»H"\
T\ wide. Eat tenberg edring and wide Bat- TS53*=C! .'l/XtivCW !
= teaberg insertion— on heavy cable net— the y&Snx-i f^Sjffi lii^-** •
2 best French productions at a positive sav- ,fe^2al l>/j.??rrLMi •
B ing of over 40 per cer.t. CZT^aA \ p -^r-^<*7iLtt<$H
13 *^\^Svi /¦ S&'W'r' •
S SR 50 for J120 ° flnc Hrt^els Parlor 1 &\#"®
E vO'JW Curtains— marvels of beauty, ex- 1/A{ M >i v, Mil !«»
E cujf-ilely wrought — prices lower than ever li\' j \S,ti \)>Y\\r l^t'Vy^-S'
S W/illMM
n C.IT *Zf\ for J25 roal Renaissance and v'l • ' I! ' • ' !> IJ
„ Ol/.JVi Arabian Curtains— splendid ' »»V
q assortment of fine new patterns.
THE CARPET STORE IS AT ITS BEST, 1
It is difficult to convey to you through printer's ink the superior qualities that K3
we offer — all that we could say is not half strong enough — come and see how much EB
we can save you. ¦¦
50c quality New Weave Inqrain, l .Trre"»f ce
of patterns, durable and pretty — "3^*1/-
Sale price JUL
65c quility Ex'rn Super Half V/ool Inqrain
Carpets, excellent range of cr O#-
styl es J xf *'
$1.00 quality Strictly Pure Wool Fillinj,
our entire assortment of special O.f\ r
effects *-* "I,
55c quality Tcpesirr Brutse s. Sro<t &
Sanford's extra quality, largest range of
designs and colorings that we have
ever shown, with hall and stair "7(\ r
patterns to match " vJC
95c qunlity Tapestry Hrussels, Smith &
Sanford's best quality, very latest
styles, endless variety, with and without
borders, also hall and stair de- f>l(\^
signs OvJ^
W ilt on Vilveis. Smith & S-n f or!'«; ex . ri H
quality— high pile goods, Immense selec- H
tion of the novelties, with borders, hall £3
and .stairs to match, actual Cf f\tZ *&
value J1.25. Sale price CDI.U3 -g
Ax mins ers ana Afcquet es — H»« q-i-'li •• fg
made and the newe3t productions of the KJ
loom— exquisite effects suitable for th-» fa
most handsomely furnished parlors £3
with and without borders. «tl IK a
Price C5l.l3 R|
Japanese Cotton Waro Afattin~,fincv inhid |!
and damask designs, in all color- 1A/. S
lugs iUC H
Icoich Linoleum, 6 I — i wiJ* wortn m
COc per square yard g
Hugs— Jonn Brora =y & Son's csJsfcrattd S
mt*<-: S
3(j\G0 Inches... $1.98 6x9 feet $9.25 in
36x72 inches.. $2 98 7:6x10.6 ft $14.25 ¦
4x7 foet 34.98 0x12 feet $19.25 Q]
l~ PATTOSIEN'S DESKS.
? ;/ *"^^^'*t^,T£^ '*«?£&>,
(2
g Office Desks up from $10
p Office Chairs— swivel $3
H Arm Chairs $1.50
, | Office Stools 75c
E3
BQEBBBBBZE3BBBBBEBBBBBEB
. WIBE COT— Double Fold.
Has woven wire tor> attached to frame-
work a!l around. Makes a grood portable,
cot and one that can be packed In
little ryace. Width 2 feet 6 <£Q i)i\
inches only <J>^»X"U
¦" ¦¦' v ; -.., ..¦¦.¦ ¦¦ ' ¦¦¦¦ ¦„•• : ¦ ¦ ¦:¦-... ".. . '.: '' '
WIRE COT— Folds Closely.
Is made with turned posts and pplndl»s;
has stronB wire mattress; warranted dur-
able and yatlsfactory *sf? 4^
Cor. Sixteenth and Mission Sts.
5EEEBBHEBEBBBEBHBEBESHggnHHHHBgHBBBBBgggBaEBE3EBE
?
SOLID OAK MANTEL, g
Folding: Ded, an elaborate de- S
Blgn. beautifully decorated, pol- ¦
lshpd and hand carved — fitted B
with set of best steel springs — |g
at about cost to C|Q *7ff at
make OlOtiO ¦
With mirror top, }2 extra. •"
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
; Is different from any other toilet preparation. ||
rJ It is not a simple beautifier. It is neither 11
I ) aint, powder nor bleach. It is a medicinal f|
% .j. in ¦¦», preparation ior removing h
I/t^^^^^^^^Ml one way, and that is exactly g|
A full explanation, instructions and a sample of the |3
cream will be mailed to any address upon receipt of a 2c M
Etamp. Anita Cream & Toilet Co., 207 Frank 1 in street, gj
Los Angeles, Cal. |S
DR. PIERCE'S 2H)--^* Guarantied
We have belts as low as %S, game aa othara
fell at much higher prices, but they ar« not
V>n. PIEKCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
b*X that will cure without rnedlcln*. woa't
fall io pieces in a short time, and which may
b« had at a moderate price, you must taav*
"DR. PIEBCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. I." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
O2O Market Street. San Ftanctsoo. '
Or 1143 Broadway, New.Tork CU7; ; J
if WONDERFUL SALE OF fl
1 Elk-Head Shirts I
H| The manufacturers of these well-known shirts had two M
|w lines of golf shirts they wanted to close out They offered |.|
BJ them to us very low. We bought the lot and will sell them fl
H this week at ridiculously low prices. . S
i ?! 9R fnr QRo \ I
m ) OnZJ Olllilo lul uUU > yj
I fOG oIlllTS I OF 3UC 1
Hi Every shirt full body, regular sellers, not a specially, p|
km made lot. The greatest bargains ever offered. fca
H| U/C ARC Headquarters for Native &f
gn WE AFlC Sons* Celebratlor) Supplies! id*
B ? 818-820 Market St., Sari Francisco. £2
AD VEHTISEKLE £1 TS.WIDOW WANTS $15,000
FOR BRUISED AFFECTIONS
2£rs. Frances Buelna Sues Rich Farm
er Thomas Ryan of Pajaro Val
ley for Breach of Promiss.
Epcdal Dieiauch to The^Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. IL— Fifteen thou
,sa.nd dollars for a lacerated heart— that is
the proper healing balsam decided upon
by the widow Frances Buelna of Pajaro
: Valley, and the wants wealthy Farmer
Thomas Ryan to furnish the coin. She
'has asked this in a complaint filed In the
Superior Court of this county this morn
lnp.
Mrs. Frances Buelna had been a domes
tic on the farm of Thomas Ryan, ln the
Pajaro Valley. She claims that she nursed
him while he was ill, and alleges further
that Ryan, on August 10. 1898, promised
within a reasonable time to marry her.
t»ut that up to August 9, 1900, he had no!
done eo. Hence the suit for 915,000 dam
accs. \
Postoffice Appointments and List of
Pensions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. U._ Postmasters
commissioned: California— Charles O
Bills Dunsmuir: Alfred R. Booth. Paso
?r O a b^ S ey L S a u U n r , a an R d hymer ' Lem ° n: Vlr * nla
SferSSi
Appointed: California-J. H. S"
Lakeside. San Diego County, vice J. F\
Martin, removed; William Collins",
Mojave. Kern County, vice M. H. Treble
resigned. lc>
_ Pensions — California: Original - John
Ora. San Francisco, id; Edward Watklns
Yountvtlle. $<5. Renewal-Frederick Ea n :
tie. Veterans Home. $S; Laura McDonald
Veterans' Home. Napa, .$10. Original'
& d s£f.7 A ai Yi^ A <; SuUlvan. Oakland
JS. Susie A. Hoyt. San Jose. $S: Eliza A
Fitzgerald. San Francisco. $8: Caroline L
Warner. San Francisco. $8; Mary 8 to vail'
Prospect Park. $8. • Y *"'
ga O n r . e Sa?e : m°» glnal w1dow «-J«>anna Hor-
Washinjrion: Original-George Cham
ber ain, Ferndale. $10. Additional-James
McKirri. Puyallup, $10: increase John K
Forest IT"" * m> $8; Charles P- Twisa.
BAN JOSE. Aujt. ll.-MIchael A. Pierce M
Mnr r ~»n f ffii . w "5 foun(1 dead on hls ranch near
Morgan Hill to-day. A verdict of death from
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Officers Scouring the Country for
Miles, but Can Find No Trace
of the Train Bobber.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Aug. ll.-The whole
country along the Pennsylvania Railroad
between this city and Urbana is being
scoured by officers in pursuit of the men
who murdered Express Messenger Lane
night Way Safe ln hls car last
«£ oz , en a s of storles a nd rumors have been
sifted down and the officers are appar-
f n £ y ?£ neare u r t0 a solution of the mys
tery than when they started. If any
promising clews have been secured they
are being very closely guarded.
All the persons placed under surveil
lance to-day have been released.
UNSATISFACTORY SEARCH
FOR MURDERER OF LANE
It Absolutely Prohibits the Importa
tion of American Canned Meats
and Sausage.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The main
provisions of the meat law, recently
passed by the German Government,- af
affectlng among other things the absolute
prohibition of American canned meats
and sausages, will take effect October I
next. Official announcement has reached
the Department of Agriculture through
the State Department of the publication
In the Berliner Reichsanzeiger of an im
perial proclamation iixlng that as the
date when the prohibition of what has
heretofore been an important trade will
be effective. The most important feature
of the law Is paragraph 1 of section 12,
which is as follows:
The importation through the custom houses
of meats In airtight sealed cans or other ves
sels, of sausages and other mixtures made from
finely cut meat, is prohibited.
The following sections also become ef
fective October 1: Section 2G. paragraphs
1 and 2, the penal clause, imposing a pen
alty for violation of the new provisions to
the extent of imprisonment for six
months or a fine of 1500 marks or* both.
Section 2S, setting forth that the confisca-
J? n , ? f the meat Is to be understood in
addition to the penalty. It declares that
it is immaterial whether the object
seized belongs to the offender or not. and
ir the prosecution of any person or the
condemnation of articles be imprac
ticable, the seizure may: be admitted in
dependently. Section 29. setting out that
in£ re f^ aUon ' dat , ed Ma 7 "• 18 ™- regard
ing foods, luxuries and the dealing
therein, remained unchanged. Section 30
Sa^y 1 royal 0 ! 12 " the flXlng ° f the>
GERMAN MEAT LAW TO
TAKE EFFECT IN OCTOBER
SANTA CRUZk Au«r. 11.— The local council of
the Portuguese Union was honored this even
ins by a. visit from their district deputy A
M. Martin of Watsonville, who Installed' the
new officers. After the Installation a bannuet
was enjoyed at the Odd Fellows' Hall.
Lp to a late hour this afternoon Mr
Black had not filed the threatened damage
suit apainst Mr. Murphy or Constable Mc-
Donald.
All this talk about lynching and an an«-v
crowd In sheer nonsense. When I took charjre
of Mr. Black there were not more than four
persons who saw us. The matter had been
reported to me. and as kidnaping is a felony
It was my duty to act as I did. I took Mr
Black to the Murphy home to have him identi-
Iie<3 and ascertain whether they were coins to
prefer a charge against him.
The younst man was afterward brought here
by Constable McDonald and stoutly denied that
ho had ever insulted a woman. However he
apologized for his language ami went hla way.
There was no violent lar.g-uaj;e useO or aiiv
threats made. We are eorry lor the publicity
clvcn the matter.
Constable McDonald, who arrested Mr
Black, said:
I ..r e £fT, Baw , th * youns man < BI «<*> before
until Friday afternoon, when he came up the
lane in front of the house and. seating himself
oi. the lillis!d<> opposite, commenced to read
a paper. My little boy was playing outside and
the young man commenced a conversation with
him. After he was there several hours he- in
vited the child for a walk. V.'e did not miss
the boy until a lady, who has since left the
valley, came running to the house and told
u«, to go in search of the boy; that a man had
been' seen taking him away. My dauchter
Irene went up the hill and across on the other
side found the boy and the stranger. She up
braided the roan for taking the child away
and he used a curse word.
Another by Constable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 11.— The statement
that Nathaniel Black was nearly lynched
at Mill Valley Friday night by R. P.
Murphy of the United States Shipping
Commissioner's office at San' Francisco,
assisted by a large and angry crowd of
citizens, is denied at Mill Valley by the
persons concerned.
Mrs. Murphy in an interview to-day
dent — One by Mrs. Murphy,
Other Versions of Mill Valley Inci-
DENY THAT BLACK WAS '
IN DANGER OF VIOLENCE
The object of the Government in prompt
ly rejecting the bids is taken to mean :v
determination to bring the contractors tc
reasonable terms. On the other hand, it
is said by some officials of the department
that the Government will probably be
willing to make considerable concessions
before adopting the serious alternative
of establishing a plant of its own.
Contractors Asked for Too Large a
Proportion of the Entire Amount
Called For.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The Navy
Department to-day decided to reject all
bids for armor plate presented to the de
partment. It Is stated at the department
that this does not mean that the alterna
tive plan of erecting a Government armor
plate factory will be adopted, although
the Secretary of the Navy has at his dis
posal $1,000,000, with which to start such
a plant In case satisfactory terms cannot
be made with the private manufacturers.
It is stated to-day that new advertise
ments will be Issued as speedily as possi
ble, and the contractors will be given an
other chance to put their bids into such
shape as will be acceptable to the Govern
ment.
The reason assigned for the rejection of
bids is the demand from all the bidders
for too large a proportion of the entire
amount of armor plate. The lowest bid
der, the Midvale Steel Company, was not
satisfied to accept less than 20,000 tons of
the 36,000 tons to be contracted for. At the
rate of delivery proposed by the Midvale
Company the Government could not have
got its armor to complete the ships
now in course of construction within a
reasonable time. The other two bidders,
the Bethlehem and Carnegie companies,
were much higher in their figures and in
sisted on having the whole amount of
armor divided between them on equal
terms.
BIDS FOR ARMOR PLATE
ARE ALL REJECTED
Alleged They Were Not Accorded
Equality of Treatment During^
the Bubonic Plague Scare.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— At a confer
ence to-day with Assistant Secretary
Adee, the Japanese Minister brought up
the matter of alleged Injustice to the
Japanese residents of San Francisco in
connection with the plague quarantine
measures enforced In that city. The Min
ister represented that the Japanese were
not being accorded equality of treatment
by the San Francisco authorities.
Mr. Adee explained that the matter was
specially called to the attention of the
Governor of California some time ago by
the State Department and the quaran
tine measures adopted by the city or
State authorities were entirely in the
hands of the Stato or city governments.
Mr. Adee to-night declined to discuss the
conference.
SAYS JAPANESE WERE
DISCRIMINATED AGAINST
But the million or two left behind in
the city were obliged to suffer. The rec
reation piers were packed, but they gave
little relief. The keeper of an East Side
pier said that the thermometer there ha;]
registered 102 during the day. Not a
rustle of a breeze could be detected.
The greatest sufferers were the chil
dren.
Within the four days during which the
heat has been oppressive there has been
an average of sixty-six child patients at
Bellevue Dispensary alone, the ages of
the children ranging from 5 months to 2
years.
There was more humidity to-day than
has previously been registered, it being
I'S per cent early In the morning and ad
vancing during the day. Many horses
were sunstruck.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 11.— Th«»re
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Death reaped a
harvest to-day from New York's humid
ity. At least thirty-three persons died in
this city ar.d vicinity, thirty from pros
trations and three children from falling
from fire escapes on which they had
crowded to get. some relief from the tor
turing heat.
Since August 6, when tne temperature
was 91 -degrees, the conditions have been
growing worse. All in all, it Is the hot
test continuous weather New York has
had. All local weather records for this
year were broken. The thermometer
reached 95 at 2 p. m. and registered the
same figures, an hour later. This was
the official record taken by the bureau,
high above the street, and is many
degrees cooler than the temperature the
people were subjected to on the streets.
The fact that it was a half holiday
raved many from Hie wilting heat of
offices and factories. Thousands hur
ried to the nearest cars and boats for the
seashore.
The local forecast office has no record
of a hot spell so protracted as tho pres
ent. •-• ••>. ¦¦-,¦ ¦.--.':•
I
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 11.— The tem
perature to-day broke all records, when at
?, o'clock the Government thermometer
registered 100 degrees. This was within
one degree of the highest temperature
ever officially recorded here.
At 8 o'clock this morning 87 degrees was
registered. At noon It was 97 and at 8
o'clock to-night It stood at 92. ¦ i-
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— Six deaths here
were duo to the heat to-day and there
were, twenty-live prostrations, three of
which will prove fatal.
The mercury touched Its highest point
at S o'clock, when 92 was reached in the
Weather Bureau otlice. Down on the
street it was 95 and 97.
WASHINGTON, Aug. ll.-This was the
hottest city in the United States to-day.
The official thermometer at the Weatner
Bureau registered 101. The eleven days of
the present month have been warmer than
the first half of August. 1S96, when; tho
terrific heat mado a record here in the
number of fatalities.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 11.— The weather
bureau reports a temperature of 71 degrees
to-night after a cooling shower. This is
a decrease from the maximum of the day
of 19 degrees, and is the lowest registered
in over a week. One death was ascribed
to the heat to-day, also one prostration.
The record for eight days shows nine
deaths and eighteen prostrations of grown
people and about twenty-five fatalitie.3
due to heat among infants.
PiTTSBURG, Aug. 11.— Two deaths and
eight prostrations from heat is the record
of to-day. The Government thermometer
registered 9S at 4 o'clock.
were seven prostrations and one death
from the heat in Cleveland: to-day. There
was a drop in the temperature to-night.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 11.— The mercury
rose to 95 this afterpoon. The deaths by
sunstroke were two. There were nine
prostrations.
"Roosevelt will come to Chicago on
Labor day," said Mr. Heath. From Chi
cago he will pass through "Wisconsin,
Minnesota, North and South Dakota,
Montana. Idaho. Washington, Oregon,
California, Utah, "Wyoming, Colorado,
Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa and Missouri,
practically In the order named.' No at
tention will be paid by Governor Roose
velt to the Eastern States outside of New
York, and unless conditions change ma
terially he will not go Into New England
at all. Many of Roosevelt's speeches will
be from the rear platform of his Pullman,
and in that way he will be able to cover
an unusually large territory. In the more
populous parts of tho country he will
travel only In the day time, but while
crossing the far. western portions where
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— According to Perry
S. Heath of the Republican National
Committee, who returned to Chicago to
day, an elaborate campaigning tour has
been planned for Governor Roosevelt.
From Labor <lay, when Roosevelt will
make his first big speech of the campaign
In Chicago, until the end of September,
Governor Roosevelt will spend his time
west of the Mississippi River. All of the
month of October will be occupied In hard
campaigning In the States of Illinois, In
diana, Michigan and Ohio, with the ex
ception of a few days in West Virginia,
which the Republican managers express
strong hopes of carrying. Two or 'three
days at the end of October will be spent
in New York, and that small period of
time will be all the East will see of
Roosevelt, during the campaign.
First Speech Will Be Made in Chicago
on Labor Day and Other
Cities Will Be Visited
Daily.
Extensive Campaign Tour
Is Laid Out for
Him.
ROOSEVELT TO
TRAVEL THROUGH
ENTIRE WEST
Eatificaticn at Honolulu.
HONOLULU. Aug. 4.— The Republicans
of Honolulu held a' grand rally and rati
fication to-night in honor of the delegates
returned from the national convention.
There was a torchlight procession and a
largely attended meeting, at which plenty
of enthusiasm was shown.
Lax Quarantine Laws.
HONOLULU. Aug. 4.— Much discussion
¦was occasioned here by receipt of advices
from Sydney by the steamer Aorangi
thowing the policy pursued there with re
card to declaring the port free from the
bubonic plague. After ten days without
a case, instead of thirty-one as was Ho
nolulu's rule, the port was declared free
and though other cases arose afterward
Sydney is still officially clean. It is stated
tt Sydney that international law allows
the declaring of the port clean in Buch a
case, as the disease Is not "epidemic."
According to this construction. Honolulu
suffered several months of needless quar
antine, as the plague here was sporadic
during most of the time while it was de
clared to exist. Quarantine in Honolulu
was not raised till there had not been a
case for thirty days.
Odd Judicial Blunder.
HONOLULU. Aug. 4.— Judge Little of
HIlo has furnished amusement for Hono
lulu by a curious error In the making out
of a legal document. The document Is a
mittimus in the case of a Japanese named
Fujihara, who is to be handed at Hilo
next month. The Judge addresses High
Sheriff Brown of the Territory in th»
mittimus, with the words "and may God
have mercy on you soul."
ports for the month of June and July
chow an alarming increase in the death
rate, especially among native Hawaiians
and Japanese of the island of Oahu. which
has the only complete records. In June
the number of deaths per thousand was
45. in July 49. The increase for the past
few years, as shewn by tables just com
piled, has aroused a good deal of discus
sion. In 1SS6 the July deaths numbered 4S
Kince then the figures have jumped to 53
75, £3. and this year 114.
Consumption heads the list of diseases,
causing deaths in almost every month,
end there is agitation for strict measures
to quarantine patients. The Board of
Health Is discussing a quarantine against
consumption, as many people como here
from other places to enjoy the mild cli
mate, and it Is believed that they are a
eource of danger to the population. Ty
phoid fever has also claimed a good many
victims lately, a Blight epidemic having
developed in one district of Honolulu
TJsath Bate Alarms the Honolulu
Board of Health.
HONOLULU. Aug. 4.— The health re-
INCREASE OF DISEASE.
HONOLULU. Aug:. 4.— The steamship
Aoraniri of the Canadian-American line,
plying between Victoria and Sydney
and calling here, has puzzled the people
ci Honolulu by her actions on her last
trip, passing through here the day before
yesterday. She carefully stayed outside
the harbor, beyond the three-mils legal
limit, and her captain stated that the Lon
don oSice of his company had cabled to
him at Sydney, Instructing him not to call
at Honolulu.
The local agents finally persuaded him
to make a Custom-house entry and take
passengers, though he refused to enter
ihe harbcr. As a result of his order re
ceived at. Sydney there is something of a
ehortag-e of mutton here, as a large ship
ment was expected, as usual, from Aus
tralia. The iiiowera of the same line ar
rived to-day from Victoria and stayed
outside in the eame way, entering later.
It is supposed that the company fears a
libel by the plaintiffs in the twenty-seven
damage suits brought by the Ilpgan rnin-
Ftrels, on account of their being refused
passage from here during plague times.
Instruct the Captain Not to Enter
the Harbor of Honolulu.
AOBAUGrS 0WNESS CAUTIOUS.
HONOLULU. Aug. 4.— The Hon M. M.
• EFtee. first Judge of the United States
District Court of Hawaii, accompanied by
his wife and Lis private secretary. Miss
Ryan, arrived on tne steamer Australia
lai-t Wednesday.
There was alf-o in the party J. C. Baird,
Vr.ited Slates District Attorney: William
Mailing:, clerk of the court, and C. F.
lieynoids, tho official reporter.
The party was m<H at the steamer by a
mwmiitw iit citizens p.nd driven to the
Hawaiian Hotel. Aft. r resting, the Judge
and party were then presented to the
Governor ar.d all the Territorial officers.
His Honor, Judge Ksteo. expressed him
' 5< !f as very much i>!eased. not only with
• the island*" as his new home, but also in
the very hospitable way in which he had
heen received by the people penerally.
Welcome and Rlad preet.ngs were exUfid
• cd to him on every hand.
The portion of the Judiciary ouilding
•which Had been set apart for the United
States Court and officers not havinjr been
finished, the court convened to-day at 1:30
p. m. in the Supreme t'ourt room.
Promptly at 1:30 Judgre Kstcewas escort
fd to his peat on the Ix-nch by Chief Jus
tice V.'a'tcr F. Frear and Judge Galbr.iith,
and they at the request of Judge Esie?
Eat during the first session of the United
States District Court in the Territory of
Hawaii.
¦ After the presentation O f YAs commis
sion Judpe Estee declared the court
open for business. The commission of
John C. Baird as United States District
Attorney was then oJTered and ordered
spread on the minute? of the court.
The commission of Mr. Ray as United
States Marshal was presented and upon
};:s taking; the oath lie was declared the
Marshal for the district of Hawaii.
Judge Estee then appointed William
ilailir.? clerk. C. F. Reynolds official re
porter and \V. J. Robinson Commissioner
of the district.
The court then appointed as a commit
tee en rules: Messrs. John C. Baird, Paul
Newman. W. O. Smith, Mr. Dole and
Jud;re Whiting-; after which the court ad-
Jcurnod and the members of the bar ex
tended their welcome to Judg-e Estee.
The bar of Hawaii is preparing to give
Jj:at:o Este« a grand reception in the
r.ature of a banquet in the near future.
The people generally are congratulating
themselves upon the appointment of M.
SL Estee as the first Judge of this dis
trict and feel that justice will be done
them while he holds the scales of Justice
in Hawaii.
Escorted to the Bench by
Judges Galbraith and
Frear.
?
Appoints Court OfScers and Prepares
at Once to Try the Cases
Which Piled Up Pending
Sis Arrival.
1
(Special Correspondence of The Call.)
HEARTY WELCOME
TO JUDGE ESTEE
IN HONOLULU
New York's Record for the DauisTtiirtH
. Three and Other Cities Add to the
Roll of Victims,
PEOPLE PERISH BY SCORES
FROM HEAT IN THE EAST
"I have been looking for a notice of this
kind." said Mr. Ridgeley, "and have gone
so far as to obtain from the railroads a
promise of one fare for the occasion. "We
will make it the biggest political meet
ing ever held in Topeka."
"Mr. Bryan has set the date of Populist
notification meeting at Topeka for August
23." -
TOPEKA. Kans.. Aug. 1L— R. Ridgeley.
chairman of the Populist State Commit
tee, to-day received the following tele
gram from Eugene Smith, dated Chicago
to-day:
DATE OF POPULIST
NOTIFICATION SET
DENVER. Aug. 11.— A. M. Stevenson,
who; In 1896 as a delegate at large from
Colorado, with Senator Teller and others,
walked out of the National Republican
Convention, and who afterward assisted
In organizing the Silver Republican party,
to-day -resigned the chairmanship of the
party In this State and announced his re
turn to the Republican party. ' He made
public a letter in which he declares the
silver question Is no longer a paramount
issue and will not be for years to come.
The Silver Republican party is being kept
alive for this campaign, he says, simply
to aid the Democratic party, and on the
question of expansion; which is named as
paramount in its platform, he does not
agree with the Democratic party.
- ¦ ' "" ? " ' — ¦- .
the bigr towns are a long distance apart,
he probably will travel at night also, in
order to save time."
¦ ••> — ¦
STEVENSON RETURNS TO
REPUBLICAN PARTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
28
'— OF THE—
TURKISH and PERSIAN
ETC., ETC.,
NOW IN THE STORE.
SW. Cor. GearyS, Stockton Sts.
WILL CONTINUE
TO-MORROW, MONDAY, at 2 p. m,,
Sale absolute without reserve or limit
A. W. LOUDERBACK.
Auctioneer.
Opera Glasses
20% Gut,
Including- Lemalres. with and without handles..
Oculists' prescriptions tilled. Factory on
premises. Qulclt repairing. Phone, Main 10.
optician^ hot Va>S
642 Market 5t. instruments
UKDIR CHROWICLt BUILDING. CATALOGUE FREE.
IjSSW DR. WONG WOO. Chinese Tea
E«q^^^ «nd Herb Sanitarium, 7C4-76C
W Clay bt., cor. lirenham place.
C) f£ 3 San Francisco. Cal. All disease*
fu p cured exclusively by- Chinese
»*^L* , herbs. Advice free. Hours, J
-JwSfjK to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to 9
1 r 'T™'whom It May Concern:
'lf*»,(iJM^. : This is to certify that I. tho
undersigned, have been suffering from. Chronic
Rheumatism for over, three years, which finally
grew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to wallc.'After trying everything,
without receiving the slightest relief, I was at
last Induced to consult DK.i WONG WOO,' who,-
after a eeven-months" treatment, has now com-
pletely cured . me ; of Rheumatism. GEORGE
ECHERER. 140 Landers t-treet. _ ;
DR. HALL'S RiilNViOORATORBHWl
Five hucdred reward for any BOrvTlWwl
case we cannot cure. This secret apul ESBSra
remedy stops ail losses In 24 hours," ¦___ M
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vaxl- wSEt WS
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, fffi* ra*|l
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all liihi llUj
wasting effects of self-abus<5 or RgB Bgg
excesses. Sent tiealfd. S2 bottle: 3 PlMBlffwafl
bottles, S5: guaranteed • to ¦ cure any case. -;-¦ Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. * Also for sale at 1073H
Market «t.. S. F. All private diseases quicldy
cured. -Bend for free book. :
\A/HV SUFFER?
PERSONS "AFFLICTED WITH ', RHEUMA-
TISM. ; no . matter ; of ; how long • standlnx, or
any other chronic disease, - should call . at oncu
at ; th« I BANS , 6OUCI," 1409 1 Van i Ness ave. , the
up to date Institution for treatment. Wa have
i » yean' wperienoa, Cnartta reaaona^ie.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OK THE—
Pacific Surety
COMPANY
OF SAN FRAXCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31«t day of December.
A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions cf Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ln
Cash $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $1.500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 161.711 4S
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bnnds owned by Company 64 333 19
Cash in Company's Office..... 41s 4.)
Cash ln Banks 6>:s7 10
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1937 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortsages 970 00
Premiums ln due Course of Collection. 4.642 72
Cash deposited In Savings Banks 73,345 P2
Total Assets $307,162 fit
LIABILITIES. "
Grots premiums on Risks running one
year or less. $ ; reinsurance SO
¦ per cent.. "... $ig,89O 03
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; reinsur-
ance pro rata 3.020 S3
Taxes due and to become due 1,230 f-d
Total Liabilities 121,141 U
—
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for prem-
¦ lums $33 137 79
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 11,473 22
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources....'. ; S.077 40
Received from all other sources 2,659 9J
Total Income $32,407*6
EXPENDITURES.
Net. amount paid for Losses . (includ-
ing $ losses of previous years). $3,599 16
Dividends to Stockholders.,.......; 14,250 00
Paid or allowed, for Commission or- •
Brokerage 2,804 38
Paid ¦ for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 11.803 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes rn".".TrTi^." r. 1 .": 2,325 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11.923 73
Mgrta—^ m »'¦ ¦"¦¦"¦" l '"»jte*ti; J g!vrMlifWM_
Total Expenditures $46,510 6S
BflnaHiaMHH B dMMfiBa<BiS88IHMRK,' .
LOSSES Incurred during the year......J4.102 13
"WALLACE * EVEREON. President.
A. : P. - REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12th
day of January.' 1900. vM. M. RHOUER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF OAIilFOBNIA.
Paid-up Capital and Reserve - $318,000.00
Guarantee and Casualty.
Bonds of Suretyship.
Stum Boiler and Pkt 3 Qlas3 Insurance.
HEAD OFFICE— 326 Montgomery ;.- Street;
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Addrts* A. BETTENS. Kgr., Byron Hot Fprinjrs. C»l.
Cili en Lombard 4 C?.. kuf .1 ¦• >' , - i.e»r», C:ty.
C,lf\i~*C^. HOT SPRINGS. SONQMA
OllrtUUO County; only 4** hour*
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: ivaters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State; grand mountain
scenery: Rood trout streams at door: telephone,
telejrraph: dally mall and express: FIItST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE;
morning and afternoon stapes; round trip from
San Francisco only $5 SO. Take Tihuron ferry
at 7:30 a. m. nr 2:C0 p. m. Terms. $2 a aiy or
$12 a week. References— Any guest cf the past
five years; patronage constantly increasing.
J. F. MULCREW. Proprietor.
riMD ME£ITFD F" 1 "** * rom fo^ s " nJ eoIfl
LAilll OIL iVLH winds. The Popular Hesort
Amonc IJeilworxls of Sonoma Co.; Free Eoat-
inu. HathtnK. 1'lshinsr and Huntlngr. Lots sell
from $10 to $73. Cottages built from I.T0 and
upward. Board and lodfrlnp. $6 per week: un-
furnished rooms, Jl per week. Address 11. II.
GREGSOX. Camp Meeker.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPUNG^K^Sto. 1^
Sprinrrs: new maraeement; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tlburon
ferry R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swlmmtnjr tank: $10 50 and up r-er week;
round trip II 10 on Sunday. COOPErt & STFW-
ART. A?ua Callcnte. CaL Long-distance plion*.
CARLS BAD g$Sg!S&:
Moit beautiful spot In Lak* Countj. W"«t»W
unauruakted for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
»nd bluJder affection*. Accommodations flrsl
cl«f«; $10 a week: Hunted by Ra«.
W R. McGQVEKN. Kel^yvDle. Lake Co.
Kt.AMATtt HOT STRINGS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county In
- California. Trout fishing— Cnest in the State—
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
nlenty of game in surrounding: mountains—
erouse quail deer and bear. EDSON KP.OS..
Proprietor*. Ueswlck. Slsklyou County. Cal.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first cla&s.
For terms apply to MRS. P. J. MAUTINA.
BLUE LAKES,
I_akr- Co.; fine fishing, boating, bathing an-1
hunting; In the heart of the mountains. Tna
best table In Lnke Co. Address O. AVE1S-
jiAN. Midlalte P. O.. L.ike Co.. Cal.
WALDRUHE, ~~~
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families. First-class table. All kinds of
dairy produce. Fine spring wnter. Kates $7
up Send for circular. C. H. W. BltUXIXG.
Santa Rosa. Cal.
THE. GEYSERS, SE™
ONE OF KATBRrS WO.NDEUS.
Natural cteam baths, swimminx. nshia?,
tiunttnr and livery. Writ* for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMJTR. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
sptnd your vacation. Boating, bathin?. bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Writ* for
circular to II. WAMBOLP.
' . Laurel Pell. Lake County. Cal.
ST HELENA SANITARIUM. iftSTS
N'apa. 1 Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as beinx a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Ad-ire**
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
INDBPENDBNCB LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect clUsa:s.
fine flcblng, excellent table, magnificent for-
- est. no poison oak. no pests. An ideal soot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. . Address MRs. H. M.
CLEMONS, • independence , Lake, CaU -
FT ' MflNTF HnTFF LOS oatos. cal.—
EL 01 UP! 1 C UU i CL< ', cool mountain cli-
mate, ,- beautiful average temperature
80 degrees; no wind or mosquitoes; - 1 hours
from San Francisco; S trains daily; no coo-
eumptlves taken. .' JXO. N'EVILL. Proprietor.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Fidelity 1 Casualty
OF NEW TOUK. IN THE STATE OF JTF^
York, on the 2!st day of December, A. -^B
1S99. and for the year ending on that day.
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to th» provision*
of sections «0 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th» Coo*
mtssioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stcck, paid up la
Cash $S0.00Oe*
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 563, Hi U
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company..". J.ST9.SU SJ
Cash in Company's Otnce W.K3 04
Ca*h In Banks 103.61* «
Interest du* and accrued oa ail
Stocks and Loans J.JS3 S3
Premiums In due Courxe of Collection CS.KO «
Rents due and accrued 1.543 74
Reserve reinsurance deposit 22.137 i3
— —^
Total Awets J3.440.C2 7J
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or ta
Suspense 1132,157 JT
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 504,355 U
Cross premiums on Risks, run-
ning one year or less, f ; retn-
Furance 50 per cent l.SS,S33 Si
Grow premiums on Risks, run-
nlnir more than one year, i ;
reinsurance pro rata ZSC.&j? 41
E>ue and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc O.SM O
Total Liabilities *2.46;.H» m
INCOME. ~ '
N>t ensh actually received for pro-
mlums Io.l31.SU 40
F<-c-lv,?d for Interest and dividends on
'Kontls. Stocks. Loana and from all
other sourer* K.434 J5
P.ecelved for Kents 19.ZU 71
Received from all other sources U.7SS 25
Total Inccme .C 531.338 83
EXPENPITtRES. "~~ V
\-#t amstint paid for Losses (includ- 1
, n(J j , losses of prsvlous ™
nivktentls to Ftnctenold'rs 5o[oC0 CO
Pall «»" allowed for Commission or
prnkrrn?e •• -- 913.2C0 2-3
r a :.l for Salaries Fees, and other
rh;ir=e» tnr offlr-rs. clerks, etc 2IS.tOfi 41
PaM for State. National anj Local
tax<»9 ; W.013 ?5
All ether ray meats and expenditures 443.7C3 os
Total Expenditures t3.318.0Si 64
— —
Losses Incurred daring tn« year Jl.Xn.7C 3J
OKO. F. SETTARD. President.
HENRY CROSSLET. Actins Sec'y.
Subscribed and rrora to before me, this ITti
day of Marrh. 13^0.
GEO. W. VAIIIAN. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C PARDEE,
Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
SAN * FRANCISCO. CAL.
»* <fp* *l2-i^t ?J ¦ n«r « in 4 Dcn-poworoT»
-^S?^r Cw2Fi> NZJ Ir 1 ?"*' Spera>atorrh<»%
i; j5i y b 1 m i jif 1. ra « uitejL uasatunl |fc»
vV^ ; _i Gcaraiwi^l Va ctiai-^"*-", or acy i r :rl^»^'t .
(••/] boi to tdenir*. T tion,,jrrltaaon or VJi-*
j,'~-» PwTsaa eoatajiaa. tion c*. m n c o u 2 «Ji>
gga%niE£yAS3 CHZMlcii R& branea. Kon-^uirlBfieM.
y&i^K. C.T.A. xla Z T !pnt in pUla t*vv***
Every member of the staff of DR. MEYERS & CO. Is a specialist of
long experience in curing DISEASES AND WEAKNESS OF MEN.
Their original method of treatment checks all wasting of flesh, builds
up the nerve tissues, creates sound and refreshing sleep, removes pains ln
any part of the t>ody, makes the weak strong, increases concentration and
banishes the visible and Invisible symptoms arising from violations of
the laws of nature, contracted ailments, blood poison, etc.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are not only more experienced ln CURING
MEN, but they are better prepared than any other doctors, as they have
the largest and most thoroughly equipped medical institution in America.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have always had a large practice, but to-day
they are curing more men than ever before.
As a guarantee DR. MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit the
price of a cure in any bank ln San Francisco, to be paid to DR. MEY-
ERS & CO. after he is entirely well. If it is not convenient to do this
payments may be mado in weekly or monthly installments.
HOME TREATMENT— FREE BOOK. ,
There are men ln every city, town and school district throughout the*"
West who have been cured by DR. MEYERS" successful system. Al-
though it Is preferable to see I the patient In many instances, it- Is not al-
ways necessary.'
If you cannot call, write. for private book,-i diagnosis sheets, free ad-
vice, prices and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All letters
confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages to Indicate name of
Bender. Cures sent safely by mail or express.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market Street (E'euator) San Francisco.
r.OURS— 8 to 5 Dally. 7 to 8 Evenings, 9 to II Sundays
When BIWMUfm summit, clad in snow,
f-miles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chillins summer fo*s and fr»»
from win-is an.l dust and heat. SIS^ON' TAV-
ERX. 3T.i;i> feet ar>ove the sea level, on the ever-
j green -sieves of i-haita. is the iiieal spot for *
| summer vacation. Near it the {Treat forests oft
j pine and codar and hemlock, around It a wl^a
expanse of meadows, about it the perfsT^
beauty of Shasta.
For the 1 !!er — rest. For the hunter — the grr»at
I game of the mountains. For the angler— th«
! salmon and QtM trnt:t In the headwaters of t^
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SOX'S HOOK. The tavern is new and fre*h
and clean, vr'th every mo.lern comfort. Tin
railway lulngl one a!rnost to the door, wr.fra
Nature Is h?r irrandest. ccme an>t 1'arn ho*^
Kranil h«>r Insptrattona are. Rat»s, MO to ill
j per week. $2 5<> r<*r day. Guirtca and horses
for mountain climbing. MRS. ZL L. SISSON.
Proprietor. S!?son, Cal.
Qt'IKT home ln Sonoma redwoods: chickens.
eftss. mi'lc. cream, fruit; free driv«»: £oo<t
rooms; terras" JG per week. Address Redwood
Heirhts. Occidental. Cal.
KAHLEIVS new summer resort, Cazadero, Cal.
— Home cockine. exceilent fishing and hunt-
insr: Kenerai mdse., choice liquors, cisant;
popular prices.
GLEN* OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundlnsr*;
comfortable rooms; pood table; convenient
location. Address F. QTJIEN. Olen Ellen. Ca!.
! CWEAPF.ST and best In America— The AVeekly
• Call. 15 pat?e3. «*nt to any address in ths
t'nlted States or Carada one year for Jt.
General Office. Mutual Llf»
butMtn?. Fansome and California
sts.. San Franci3co.
H. C. WHITIX3, G«ser«l Ku>s«r.
R. X. EYAS, Gen'l Pssj. igt
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION." a
little book just issued by the
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farm3 and
homes whe're Board for the
Summcrican be secured at from
v5-co to $3.oo per week.
Ticket Office, CO Market St.
(Chronicia buildias).
A vacation does not usually
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many o!
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resort3 along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
homes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m % ' ' mt ~^\ "Y^^w. ' '--^-"^^ .-*>j-**77 — ~"^* ***• jj "
; I YOU j
I § CANNOT \
It REALIZE j
* $j How dellchtful tho mild, dry S
e I climate o£ *
' I Coronado Beach |
Bfl Is until you experience It. Hun- ;
§3 " dreds of San Francisco pcopla .' '
il spend their summers there. Do *
H Get Information Get Rates \
H 168 Market St. E. S. BABCOCK. Mstr., '
M San Francisco. Coronado Beach, Cal. t
i
; Central California
' 9an Jose Is the central city of California, and
" Hotel Vendome is its most attractive featur*.
c Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
1 Quicksilver Mine, Alum Itock Park and count-
. less other attractlona reached over perfect
» roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and flrst-cla?s
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Kates reasonable. For further Information call
¦ at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, or address
GEORGE P. SXELL. Mgr.. San Jose, Cal.
A Great Dove Shoot
August 24th and 25th
! A Great Dove Stew
' August 26th, at
| j| HOT SPRINGS
I ROUND TRIP:
ONE AND ONE-THIRD FARE.
Illustrated booklet and further Information
of FRANK W. ELY. t.'ity Agent.
TcL Red 223S. €40 Market St., S. F.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.. Fuso nobles. Cal.
FAmbus
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
' The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout.Lrad and Mercurial
Polsoninsr. Liver and Kidney Disease?, N'eural-
pla. Dyspepsia and. all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
.Baths .refitted and Improver!. Magni£<-.»nt
scenery, delightful walks. " Hunting and fish-
ing. No togs. • Unexjualed for hea'tb, rest arvl
recreation. ¦ Rates. $12 to $U per week. Trains
leave Third and Tcwnsend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gilroy I
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets adiiress |
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor. j
¦¦ CURED HNVI
1 L^BgSfffByiTMrf'Wiffliirirr' ¦•¦'"¦ - — i— — — — — — —Major L. S. Schmitt of the division staff
has been detailed to preside at an election
to be held for captain and three lieuten
ants in Troop C at Salinas, their terms
having expired.
E. C. Sutllffe, captain commanding Com
pany C. First Regiment of Infantry, has
tendered his resignation.
George Schwerdtfeger has been recom
mended for battalion adjutant of the
First Infantry.
Target practice Is being badly neglected
by the California guardsmen. Since the
promotion some time ago of J. A. Hosmer.
who was Inspector of rifle practice, there
has been no work at the targets by sol
diers of the Second Brigade. •
ed as assistant surgeon in the sanitary
corps, with the rank of captain, for serv
ice with Troop A Cavalry. John D.
Mathews, elected first lieutenant of Com
pany K of the Seventh Infantry, has suc
cessfully passed the board of examiners,
as has also . Herbert J. Bedwell, elected
Becond lieutenant of Company M of the
Seventh. Major L. W. Juilllard of the
Fifth Infantry has 'qualified before the
board.
From various qources it appears that
the entire National Guard of California
would like to participate In the Admission
day parade, but at this time It Is appa
rent that only the First Regiment Of In
fantry, Troop A Cavalry and the signal
corps of the Second Brigade will be in line
as the representatives of. the State militia.
There is a possibility that the Fifth Regi
ment may be in line. The question of
funds to pay for transportation of , the
troops from their respective localities to
this city and return has been a stumbling
block. Three of the companies of the
Fifth Regiment are on the line. of a rail
road company that has generously agreed
to, bring these companies to; this city and
return them free of charge. The others
are on the lines of another transportation
company that has not made so. generous
an offer. . Whether the three :, companies
will turn out has not yet been decided.
The finance: committee of the celebra
tion does not las : yet feel warranted to
make any allowance r for transportation
for the Guard. It has been calculated
that ¦ to bring the erent , organizations
of the Third Brigade and return them to
their Beveral localities would cost 54764.
There is a provision of the code which
says that on occasions of ceremonies and
public celebrations the brigade command
ers may order their respective commands
to- take part, but it does not make any
provision for transportation."- It. has been
suggested that the Governor as command
er in v chief has the power ¦'< to order the
National Guard to parade on September
10 and: that he could pledge the credit of
; the State for ¦, the payment • of transporta
tion until t the Legislature makes an ap
propriation' for that: purpose. '• It is possi
ble that' an" appeal will be made Uo' the
'Governor.:.- If -not' It Is possible that If the
finance committee of; the -celebration ¦will
appropriate a>part of the .amount: re
quired for. transportation the several.or
ganizations will be Willing to make up the
deficiency out of company funds. ; .
- All the , uniforms recently received have
been I Inspected and have been distributed
to ; the ; First • Regiment - and ' other organi
zations.that have beeen waiting for them.
• Dr.;Z."~T.'* Mallaby has been recommend-
Surgeon Mallaby Recommended for
" Troop A) Cavalry — Dereliction.
in the Hatter of Target
Practice.
As Commander in Chief the
Governor Is to Be Ap
pealed To.
SHORTAGE OF
MONEY MAY KEEP
TROOPS AWAY
Detective Crockett brought Baun before
Chief Sullivan last msitt. Baun admitted
that he had voted both ways while In
the juryroom. but denied that he had
been Influenced in any way. He claimtd
that he had no acquaintance with either
Schwartz or Harry Piper and seemed
Incensed at the Chief for questioning his
motives. Tiie Chief replied that he had
not singled Baun out. but that he In
tended to investigate not alone his action
in the case, but would probe the entlr-j
matter so far as the Jury was concerned.
venire be submitted to him Monday at
noon, because his state of health might
Interfere with him trying the case and
he might have to assign It to another
Judge.
Attorney ¦ Collins «ald he - was • ready to
proceed at any . time : convenient to the
Judge.. * After, further talk*, the Judge set
the case for next .Wednesday afternoon
at 2 o'clock, -and Issued a venire for
seventy-five Jurors. He asked that . the
Schwartz's case was called before Judge
Conlan yesterday morning. : Attorney Cof
fey asked for a speedy trial, as there were
a number of cases, each to be tried by a
lury, and by the way they, are being tried
It would take months to get through with
them. The evidence in each case Is sim
ple, but the attorney for the defense In
troduced so many legal points that much
time was wasted. ',-,:.
Chief Sullivan has determined to probe
to the bottom the scandal in connection
with the alleged "fixing" of the jury in
the Henry Schwartz poolselling case. He
and Captain Seymour and Attorney Jo
seph Coffey had a consultation yesterday
morning, and it was decided to ask Juror
Harry Baum to call at the Chief's office
to be interviewed. Detective Crockett
was detailed to find Baum yesterday aft
ernoon, but was not successful. It ls pos
sible that the Grand Jury may be asked
to make an investigation into the case
W. A. ¦¦Walker and J. F. Kingston, two
of the jurors, called upon the Chief yes
terday morning to explain that a mistake
had been made in. charging Juror Kings
ton with being one of the three who stood
for acquittal. Kingston voted straight
through for conviction. The three who
voted for acquittal' were Baum. ilengola
andR. J. Hutchlnson. 1104 Market street.
Mengola. it is said, declared in the jury
room that he would not give any verdict
but "not guilty"; and Hutchinson, it is
also claimed, openly declared from the
start that he was for "not guilty." It is
also charged that Baum .tried to lead the
other jurors to believe that he was voting
for guilty till he was found out voting the
other way. ;
Bailiff Fleming of Judge Cabaniss*
court, who served the venire,' , told the
Chief yesterday that when he served
Baum with the summons Baum said:
"Oh, I can fix that all rieht. I'll not serve
on that Jury- I know what to do." When
Fleming returned to the City Hall he was
more than surprised to see Baum talking
in the corridor to. the, pool; men, and he
made no attempt to be excused. .
Probability of the Matter Being Laid
Before the Grand Jury — The
Case Is Again Set for
Trial. .
Chief Sullivan Determined
to Make a Thorough
Investigation.
PROBING INTO
THE ALLEGED
JURY FIXING
•All; last week was , a big rush for Car
pets, Ruks and Mattings at the .Carpet
Sale, a A few hundred rolls of Mattings axe
left at 7£c - per /yard • at the. Art Carpet
Shop, 223 Powell street. M—iy
A Great Carpet Sale.
Albert Bosseau Severely Injured
"While at Work in the Hold
of the Aztec.
Albert Rosseau, a stevedore, while at
work yesterday in No. 4 hatch on the Az
tec, was seriously injured by a falling
bucket of coal. His skull was cut open
and he sustained numerous contusions.
That he was not killed i3 considered mi
raculous by all who witnessed" the acci
dent, as the contents of the bucket nearly
buried him.
Rosseau and two fellow workmen had
> just filled the hoist and it was being raised
I upward, preparatory to dumping its con
1 tents into the bunkers on the wharf. The
rope by which It was being raised broke.
Both Rosseau's . companions escaped In-
Jury. The injured man was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where seventeen
stitches were put, in his head. He will
recover.
— ''¦• ' — — ;.Vr''-, i
Frederick Jerome's "Will.
The will of Frederick Jerome, the promi
nent pioneer, who died August 3, \ was filed
for probate yesterday.. -. Decedent --be
queathed a life Interest in his $20,000 estate
his widow, Bridget W. Jerome, and a
gold snuffbox, a gold medal and gold bear
to the Pioneer Society. .'After? Mrs. Jer
ome's death - decedent s ' property will go
to several. nephews and nieces in England."
ROPE BROKE AND COAL
BURIED A STEVEDORE
Splendid- Record of the Year's Work.
Officers Elected for the Current
Term.
The thirteenth grand assembly of the
Young Men's Catholic Union has just
closed its labors. The reports that were
presented show that the organization is
In a flourishing condition. The member
ship of the society has steadily increased
since its organization in 1S87. Its finances
also are In the beet possible shape. Dur
ing the past year $2202 was paid to the
widows and orphans of deceased members
and $3S67 In sick benefits. The treasurer's
books show a balance of .cash on hand
and in bank amounting to J56S7.
Grand President John T. Burns in his
annual address expressed much satisfac
tion with the present condition of the or
ganization, and encouraged the members
to continue work along the present lines.
Several proposed amendments to the
constitution were productive of much de
bate, but the majority decided that the
constitution was satL^factory as it stands,
and only a few changes of minor impor
tance were made.
- The next grand assembly will be held
in this city In August, 1901.
Permanent heailquarters have been es
tablished at Loyola Hall, corner of Mar
ket and Tenth streets. Grand President
McGulre has the greatest confidence in
the future of the organization and In
tends to establish an assembly In every
parish In the State.
The following grand officers for the cur
rent term were elected and Installed:
Grand chaplain. Rev. Joseph >F. Byrne;
past grand president, John T.- Burns:
grand president. Thomas McGulre; grand
first vice president. E. P. McAullffe;
grand second vice president. J. Brennan:
grand secretary, Samuel Hasklns; grand
treasurer. James English; grand marshal,
M. Fitzgerald; grand inside sentinel,
Harry Hay; grand outside sentinel, P.
Brazel; grand trustees— J/ J. Powers, J.
E. Martin, John Coghlan, D. P. Breen and
J. T. Burns.
The following 1 named attended: Rev. J.
F. Byrne, William P. Sullivan Jr., E. P.
Luby, P. Molloy, P. E. McCarthy, J. T.
Burns. T. McGulre, J. E. Martin, S.
Hasklns. J. English, J. Brennan. D. P.
Breen, H. H. Hay, J. J. Powers, M. Fitz
gerald. P. Brazel, J. P. McGinty, T. ; J.
O'Brien, William McCann,,F. C. Kenny,
J. Coghlan. H. H. Hay Jr., J. B. Vizzard,
H. w. Salter. J. J. Keating. J. J. Shea
han. E. P. MeAuliffe, J. J. Mclnerney, J.
A. Foley and P. Tamony.
GRAND ASSEMBLY OF
THE CATHOLIC UNION
Criminal Tried to Injure His Land-
Iad7 by Setting Fire to Her
Home.
Joseph Fitzgerald, whose criminal ten
dencies finally resulted in his conviction
on a charge of arson in the lirst degree,
¦was sentenced yesterdav to Eerve twenty
years in San Cjucr.tin by Judge William P.
Lawlor. c*n the night «jf May 6 last Fitz
gt-rald set fire to the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Beach, !n the rear of 25CA O"Farrell Ftreet,
This house adjoined that occupied by Mrs.
Era Jannsen, against whom the convict
h>ld a grudps, as Mrs*. Jannsen. as Fiiz
gi-rald's landlady, had demanded that he
pay his rent. By pelting fire to the Beach
home Fitzgerald hoped to destroy that oc
cupied by his landlady. Fitzgerald sat
muttering la court yesterday and Bailiff
Joseph \V. Windrcn finally forced him to
keep quiet.
In passing sentence Judge Lawlor took
Into consideration the nature of the con
vict's crime and passed sentence accord
ingly.
JOSEPH FITZGERALD
GETS TWENTY YEARS
The report of the July business of the
Pucnte Oil Company's refinery at Chlno
f=hows that 5000 gallons of reiined oil were
turned out on an average per day. Nearly
all the pumping plants in the Ohino sec
tion get thexr supplies there and fuel oil
is hauled to points as distant as Lords
burg and Azusa. Residuum oils have been
shipped out because the sugar refinery
was not running. Some of the residuum
went to San Pedro en route for San
Francisco, to be used for fuel. Twenty
two carloads of -»fined oil were recently
shipped in one day.
The Bakersfield Callfornlan says there
is an association of Tulare people who are
bewailing their luck. "A number of years
ago they contracted to buy every odd sec
tion in twenty-eight, and kept up their
payments for a long time. Finally, when
tne sheep business had run down, the land
would not yield interest and was turned
back. The railroad offered all sorts of
concessions to induce them to stay with
their proposition, but they were deter
mined to get out of it and they did. thus
letting at least 55.000,000 slip through their
lingers."
These figures are on the basis of the
present values of oil lands in that locality.
The Los Angeles oil exchanges finally
decided not. to combine. The Los Angeles
Tines says the first result was that the
I»s Angc'.es Oil Exchange has increased
'ts membership, and in consequence the
California Oil and Stock Exchange »s suf
fering the loss of almost two score of Its
brokers. This loss is an outgrowth of the
failure , to effect a consolidation of the
two exchanges. When that movement
met defeat an unofficial proposition was
offered, asking the Los Angeles Exchange
to make known how. many members of
the California Exchange would be accept
able to the former body. The old ex
change declined to "separate the -groats
from the sheep," so another tack was
made, resulting more successfully. ..A
committee from the California Exchange
then offered a list of sixty-five names aa
A convention of the oil men of the State
is proposed. The purpose of such a gath
ering will be to lay before the United
States Land Commissioner the facts in
the controversy between the oil men and
ihe scrippers. The idea has met with
favor in Southern California. Other mat
ters pertaining to the oil industry may be
discussed, but the paramount issue is to
clear up the present tangle.
A part of the text of the decision ren
dered by Judge Day at Santa Barbara, in
the suit of the Acme Oil and Mining Com
pany against H. L. Williams et al., is
given herewith because of the interesting
question and the large interests involved
wherever beach mining for oil exists in
this State. Said Judge Day:
The locus in quo of thl« action i« tide
land* and a paxt of the Paciflc Ocean not
subject, in the abeeace of sovereign grant,
to private ownership. Whatever title there
is bclonss to the State for the use of ail Its
inhabUanta eubject to a right in the gen
eral Government to regulate commerce ana
navigation. No presumption exleta to the
contrary. Courts cannot presume title, ex
clusive possession or exclusive right of pos
eetsion in the individual to this class of
PI ?{ie may grant rights and privi
leges, and even title, but it Is not its portcy
to do po and when Euch grant Is relied on.
it must be shown affirmatively. Possession
of lands subject to cultivation and exclusive
ownership Is jrrima. facie evidence of title
and right of possession, but there can be no
exclusive right of possession In and to the
tide lands and sea. Consequently any actual
or constructive possession thereof or of any
l-art thrreof. not dependent on actual grant,
must be presumed to be a. common posses
sion or right based upon an Implied license
or permission from the State and general
Government, and as beneficiaries under the
State'* holding. Such possession or assumed
posEeesion doea not tend to prove title or
exclusive right of possession. There are no
sufcial licenses or permissions shown or re
litfi on in this action, hence the parties
must bt preeumed to rely on their natural
rights and the Implied permission of com
mon possession, occupation and right of
mining, the plaintiff's being only equal to
defenaant'8 and not euperlor to any one's.
Plan to Have Facts Presented to Land
Commissioner — Text of Judge
Bay's Decision Concerning
Tide Lands.
Controversy With Scrippers
Over Land to Be Made
Prime Topic.
CONVENTION TO
BE HELD BY OIL
MEN OF STATE
possible applicants for seats. Of that
number the Los Angeles Exchange ap
proved of fifty-one and returned the list
with fourteen names scratched.
At the meeting of the old exchange
thirty-eight applications were received,
and later passed, admitting them to mem
bership in the Los Angeles Exchange. The
thirty-eight have signed the by-laws and
are members in good standing. ; It is be
lieved that others will bo admitted.
The report comes from Los Angeles that
Chanslor & Canfield were offered recently
$4000 an acre for a large tract In the Kern
River district, but would not look with
favor on the proposition. It is also re
ported that another company refused $5000
an acre last Saturday for ajl its posses
sions, a matter of 100 acres. L' ,';
A FEW days ago Grand Marshal Cos
tello wrote a letter to Brigadier Gen
eral R. H. Warfleld, commanding
the Second Brigade of the National
Guard of California, asking that Troop A,
cavalry, be detailed to act as escort to the
grand marshal of the Semi-Centennlal Ad
mission day celebration.
The following reply was received yes
terday from the commander of the Second
Brigade:
S. V Costello. Grand Marshal— Dear Sir: I
have the honor to acknowledge your commu
nication of the ?th inst requesting that Troop
A, Second Brigade. N. G. C. be detailed to
ret as escort to the prand marshal during the
si mi-centennial celebration parade. September
10- 1900. In answer thereto 1 will state that it
is' contrary to rules and regulations to have
the cavalry act as escort to an* civil ofttcer
on an occasion when the brigade to which they
are attached is ordered to parade.
A large poster is hung in the ofllce of
the secretary at celebration headquarters
giving information about trans-Atlantic
steamers. Some one covered the adver
tising portion and placed upon it the
words "Viewing the naval parade.
Chairman Turner declares that the poster
presents only a very small portion of the
parade. : ¦' ' .
Mrs. Ema Gett, grand president of the
To-morrow night there will be a meet
ing of the finance committee, when the
funds will be allotted to the several com
mittees. If the money on hand permits,
the decoration committee will produce the
splendid peristyle effect which has been
designed by Willis Polk as a special fea
ture of ornament at Market, Kearny and
Third streets.
Califia Parlor will have purple arfd
gold badges, and -will display a beautiful
American flag. South San Francisco
will furnish the parade with a large dele
gation of native sons and daughters , on
horseback. Members of South San Fran
cisco Parlor. N. S. G. AV\, have arranged
to act as escort to La Vespera Parlor No.
118. N. D. G. "W. Sea Point Parlor" of
Sausalito has arranged to parade with a
decorated yacht float. Members of the
parlor will parade in white yachting uni
forms.
Native Datfghters of the Golden West,
will have a place of honor in the Sacra
mento Parlor contingent of the grana
parade. Sutter Parlor, N. D. G. W.. or
Sacramento, will also parade with that
parlor in a handsomely decorated carry
all drawn by eight white horses. Sacra
mento Parlor is arranging to run nn ex
cursion train on Saturday. September 8,
and also Sunday, September 9.
POSTER UNVEILED AT CELEBHATTON HEADQUARTERS.
A new complaint was filed yesterday In
the United States District Court against
Ju!i&n Treecnna Biddulph Arnold accus
ing Mm of embezzling £6246 Cs Sd of the
estate of Th'omas John Dornville Taylor,
<Leceased.
Arnold Is held a prisoner In th« Ala
iKeda Cour.ty Jail on two orders of extra
dition, one for embezzling £9S3 of the
estate of W. H. Swain, deceased, and the
Other for embezzling £30u0 of the estate of
George William Buck, deceased. These
a".'<ged embezzlements occurred five
years ago. and the point was raised by
Arnold's attorney on the examination be
fore Dated States Commissioner Heacock
th^t the prosecution was barred by the
ttatute cf limitations of the State of Cali
fornia. Comir.iSMsioner Heacock overruled
the point and held Arnold for extradition
oa both charjres. ginee that ruling, eev
tral prominent lawyers, including united
Stales Attorney Coombs, have expressed
the opinion that Commissioner Heacock's
ruilr.g might be reversed on habeas
corpus, that charges In extradition cases
are to be tried and decided In conformity
vvith tbe laws of the Stute in which the
accused Is found, and that the two
charges against Arnold are barred by the
California statute of limitations. The
opinion was expressed also that Commts
rioner Heacock decided as he did. by way
of excessive caution, knowing that the
prisoner's rights could be saved on habeas
corpus. Arnold's counsel is preparing a
I>e:;tion in habeas corpus which he will
rile to-morrow, and he has every confi
dence that the higher court will reverse
the ruling of Commissioner Heacock and
deny extradition on the two charges
ruimed.
Ar.ticipating this step on the part of
the defense! and the consequences which
might rlow from it, the prosecution de
termined to charge Arnold with an of
it-ns.? alleged to have been committed
¦within the last three years, so that no
question could be raised as to the limita
tion of time. A complaint was drawn ac
cord: r.frly by Cormac. Dcnohoe & Baum
in which it was alleged that on Novem
ber 1. IS3S, Arnold, together with Harry
Walter Nix and Charlotte Taylor, was
appointed trustee of the estate of Thomas
John Domville Taylor, who died in Lon
<3or:. England, a t^hort . time prior to
thai <!ate. The estate consisted of £C246
f, shillings and 3 p<-nce. or JC1.000. in
>Torth»-nstern Railway consols. Great
Northern Railway, Metropolitan Railway
and Southeastern Railway stocks. This
property was under control of Arnold,
tir.<i the complaint alleges that on the fol
lotrfng dates the following sums of the
• • were embezzled by Arnold: Sep-
I - 1.7. ISC. £1000; September 30. 1S97.
£2550: October 5. 1^7, £K3S « s=hilling3
an<l 3 pence, making in all *"1.090.
The complaint was sworn to by Welles
ley Moore. British Vice Consul, 'and Act
ing Consul General at this port. United
States District Judge de Haven Issued
the- warrant of arrest and it was served
upon Arnold in the A!sm«j^a Countv Jail
thortly alter noon.
Is Accused of Embezzling
Thirty-One Thousand
Dollars.
»
Allegations Coming Within the Sta
tutory Period, if Sustained, Will
Hake Outlook Bad for the
Prisoner.
JULIAN ARNOLD
REARRESTED ON
A NEW CHARGE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
Native Sons and Daughters Are ...Com
pleting Preparations for Coming
Celebration.
REGULATIONS DO NOT
ALLOW CAVALRY ESCORT
Market-Street Store to I«t.
'"Adjoining * Owl drug 'store; and j opposlt'e
Hale's'new stores. Best location In" city.
A: M. Speck & Co., 687 Market street. •
:The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
mornlngr. i It was agreed' to allow the Ex
empt Firemen.-the useof .horses' to^raw
their 'engines : during < the ¦¦, Admission * day
parade.^ The "assistant chief engineer re
ported -on the petition of residents in the
university ] Mound .'tract and neighboring
district - for. hydrants, recommending < that
they be > put in, as they were urgently,
needed for fire protection, but before any
thing could be done a main? of at least
eight inches in diameter must be laid on
Silver avenue from Boylston street to San
Bruno avenue and on San Bruno avenue
from tRickard street^to Were t street.
Call for Fire r Protection.
Proved He "Was N"ot a Hardened
Criminal, but a Hardened
Laborer.
Thomas Grady, charged with an assault
with Intent to commit murder, pleaded
guilty to an assault with a deadly weapon
and appeared before Judge Lawlor yes
terday for I sentence. Grady had *served
with the Imraunca In Cuba and came to
San Francisco with h!s regiment for the
purpose of going to the Philippines, but
on account of physical. disability was dis
missed from the service. ¦„; He then worked
in several places throughout the State as
a , laborer and after accumulating a little
money camo 13 this city for the. purpose
of having a good time.
* tie fell into, the hands of: bad compan
ions and in an affray out one of the par
ticipants with a knife. Judge Lawlor
questioned - quite closely and '. asked him
to show his -hands to corroborate his as
sertion that he. had worked as a laborer.
Although the prisoner had .been : in con
llnement for more 3. than a month, his
hands were still calloused from the labor
he had been performing. This corrobora
tlvo evidence 01 his story stood Grady in
good stead, ;f or .; the Judge gave, him the
m!ld - sentence ; of ¦ three months in the.
County Jail.- . ... - ' ' .
CALLOUSED HANDS WERE
ALL THAT SAVED GRADY
29
No More Dread of the Denial Chair
rrn-ii extracted and riLLED ab-
EOI.UTELY W1THOITT l'AIX. by our ;«;e
Bdentiflc method aj-plied to the cums. No
KJ«-p-pro«luclnK aseati or cocaine.
Thene are the cn!y dental parlor« In fan
Francisco ha^inic PATENTED APPLIANCES
and tnert<3Sent« to extract. fi!I »nd apply gold
crowns and i>crctlala crowns undctectable from
r.nttiral feth. and warranted for ten yeaie,
WITHOUT THE LKAST PAJ.V. Full eet of
teeth i.-: a perfect fit guaranteed cr no pay.
Gold erewns. IS. Gold fllMn^s. *1. Silver flll-
jnBs. Me. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of frcm 12 to » years' experience, and
each department In chanre of » «peci«Jl«t. Give
us a csli. and you will find tu to do exactly
as w« advertise. VC« will tell you In advanc*
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
*/ York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BBAVCTX-. SEATTLE. TTAS1I.
ADVERTISZHENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
t ADVEBTISK5EENTS.
f%o rut 1 ts fijfeffiraSg^
fe^T^Economical Women, Read This! ft^p 1
HP^ MONEY BACK IT GOODS ARE NOT SATISFACTORY! J Mj /& p|
\M this Weak Ends ihe Sale of the Never Beforo in the History of We Aro Always Showing Something hen! I jpj J % j fe
IS Sample Line of Ladies' JOE ROSENBERG'S Business A ff\ J VSL^-^aT/| /
1 MUSLIN UNDERWEAR ?"T ? s /< Been *« e '" °'~, A L?ress and 3gs03&)/ II
HI SflUcLili UiiLJLilflLHlli fer Such Values as these. A /fP^WH rj £*$
tg£ A Few of the Many Offerings: Manufacturer of C* fr\ «+ c £vf- Pf»rh"S"O^ > "8"/^r» t\V&I&tt39 If &bfl
m Ladies' Corset Covers, V-shaped PICRP^Q \>HJi3v;L I B UlUV/tUI /k r*f
W', wonders for the price we ask" for *\S^J- t£$^ Width 60. It is a complete f?arn:cnt and is /M^/^^/^E^^i^J^^
j$] ' Ladies 7 White ' Skirts'.' made oi \k to] "when worn "under the corset it //WM§^M^^^^
M the best soft bleached muslin, / I V/i 20c per yd. will protect it better than a waist Wi^W/f/^M^I3!^^A
BgH ruffle of embroidery. The opportu- ' v rTr v ' from perspiration. iVVkWf4f2Sr^^&' !^3f&^i
& nity you have been looking m \^r p n • M? b ° It is superior to and cheaper It^^^^^^^
E$ f or ." 6 ctc Kui this. Ribbon at twice the price than a shield, being always ready wlfetwg^g=- j t/^-' Wffl
H Many "other "wonders "and* oppor- iT-wtSisfe't^ rruu >• u ¦, to > vear < with a delicatc siIk wa . is * ¦*— LJjJ*i- |g
m ¦ tunities at the Muslin Underwear VJtS? YS*? ' Rl - b \ 0 ?L sa £" ba r k< or a tea & own " %Vhen w , orn Wlt , h nMUT nUCD! ftf)!/ TUIO! *!
H counter. best French dye, just the thing for white wash dresses will preatly DUN T OVERLOOK THS El
1 (Sale at O'Farrell street entrance.) 'n"" I the Iaundry bilL T.rf ' Sil V M T* a I M
Kg; v ' Width 9 i«;c ¦»•»•.#**»•¦ «i# mrw rnirnn Ladies bilk Moreen L nderskirts, jtgi.
$t A Story of More Than Passinq Width 12 iqc nRP\SMflK}-Rv FR FNll with dee P flounce of accordion M
W Interest to Every Buyer of Width 16 25c Um.O0mHIVl.IUJ I IIILUUi pleating, finished with pinkin K of gg
km llfAIOTO - ot m ore than four yards to Dressmakers who find preat dif- taffeta silk. This quality of moreen g*|
Iftj WAIulOi each customer. ficulty in fitting delicate colored would cost you 60c per yard, and it 5jS
E|j ¦ , dre?ses on ladies who perspire so take? eicrht yards to mnke one aa
&c. JX ?P&, c - A'rr 1 '^ Not Dreams but Solid Values freely as to ruin dainty materials in this is made. Our special ofTerinu m£1
Wk T l ' Tff In Q' J " a few moments find this Protector S4.48 KJ^
P*3 '• f,7 • Taff , ctri linOirnv nminTBirilT a great convenience to u>« while »-.-,,-.--««.-..,«-_„,.,, K£3
m /A^ra»\ Waists , t w e ' HObltRY DEPARTMENT. nnW stout people made mm
i /SS^^-w5UsmS? e '' 365 dozen Ladies' Fast Black S'^SJ$ No Sioui W.thoui M
1 Each waht Hose - al > double heels and toes, full wcek s pnce 80c a p atr of Either £|
K I PN l-VJ made with length; all made of best South Sea . Long Life for Little Honey! Ijrn III ICCTV t\T Iho %l
&\ \'P^\ ' J -mA cluster tucks Island cotton: they come in the TUCAPRirMMP RRAPP "^" IllMJCO I I Ul IliC «^
E&[ " ''* and hem- new ribbed effects and plain. A I fit. HUulLll 11 L UilHULi DDIUPCCC PflDCCTC Wi
M stitchinpr. fancy tailor-stitched seal- short story soon told. Come and Manv women and ' inlllutoO UUiIolIoi §J
1 \Z°i nSI tS r,ff t r e /r L , esHc seefor /- ourse L f ::::--V------ 2 5c Ajfik t chi£ a£cS«?dy " They are boned I
If slee\e, liarc cuff, lined throughout; 50 dozen Children s Iron-clad £*S^ need this brace- it rTV with b-st tern- 'M
K^ *— t _-- ...Uli. ,li 1 t t^^tiiitt i«» m. 'fi/fc.'y^i HCCU lllls Ul <t\.C f It yd Aj&E Will* UCM I till* C ya
1 Jf H C { T nder ; f e ' Fas Black Hose, all sizes. There- T^g is one of the wants f(&$X pered steel, and. 6
m red. black and pink. Two of thesa liable store s price |2^C of the hour. 1,^3 />, while they brace *M
1 We Need Only to Whisper the /SjSrfh ,££ g**^ WJ^S { \%^^ *& »
1%, Thin People Made Stout by Wear- of a *-^^$A!/}\ tion - //f^^^A^ 1 not brca ! c or bend m
M inq Our Nsw CI^IDT Oil P Y5t$?l(l II nold s its wearer if Kk&wSSg^ a t the hips. r J
% ftn .. n 1 n 1 n , . OMUI OALC r^'^Z erect and yet is not C/w^ Covered with §23
I 20th Century Bast Perfector mB^psf^ % /^t\ u T mf r a th e e best ./^ w * b « n bl^ly H in M
Li 'V^f'^iSN e worn over the Ladies' It i? invaluable to sufferers of an.l perfect in every detail.
H / $$ a/ / corsct ' but can be /?\*~~ >> \ SiV& Under- weak back, round shoulders and They are better arul insure more ; g*a
/ //JkswJ^ set s if so desired. yt^Tcj^rf** of the best all- Skirts can be attached to it by i order corset. RosenberR's chal- e$j
Ba —^r\l^HH l * 5 rna de of bc«t J*JL£r**>*ftrvK ?^^ taffeta, hook and eye. thus relievinc: all ttn- lenge price S2.75 JS
Bl wSklllf' ? u^mer netting finished with liealthy pressure on delicate organs Someihina Hew 1 Bias-Gored %n
eS yV/v^W TAILORS rf5on pleated wearer an erect military carriage. T&ll (1R M^RP PflP^PT I
Wi AND DRESS- ¦ ¦ . '.:. ..flounce. . Leading physicians say if chil- I HILUn"l!IhUL UUUOt.li gS-ii
' ¦'l^Wtm- '¦ ¦- V AKERS ar « : de- : J he flounce is neatly finished dren would wear this brace con- Made of best imported black B§j
ry /• yiyjpn lighted with it; as with small ruffle of taffeta silk. sumption would be unknown in the sateen, well boned, double side 55
P| it enables them to give their, pa- w >th extra dust ruffle, coming in future. steels, rust-proof front steel. : In KB
m trons a perfect fit ancl perfect form. red ' blue, old rose and mij?nonette ' They are made for men, wom^n the new French shape. lA'g
Bfl If worn without a corset, it is an 8 r " n « ctc - . and children. *'\ To introduce this $^.00 corset for !a|
BH efficient bust supporter and hailed The bargain of the season They are worth their weicht in a short time only we will sell them jSa
Egg -with delight by athletic women, • S7.85 gold. Price Sl.00 for SI OO §H
|H who wish- their waists entirely (Sale O'Farrell-street Entrance.) «tf
I |p^ltepi?^&f -I fi£± PnQanKpn^ CORSETS FITTED FREE - I
M HERE'S A RARfiAIN CJ»V/W aVliO^II aJwI M taftj^ifarw/w |
11 l. 11 l. 0 h uHnUMiiii UMDQIrJQ
H] Fifty dozen of the Puritan Rub- 31G MARKET STREET tlAlnrlllO.
m ber Dress Shields nainsook cov- Running Through to 11 O'Farr-Il Street Hairpins, made of the best steel M
Kg ered. all sizes; regular price 25c; as running 1 nroilgn IO II U rarPwII street. wire, heavily japanned, four pack- #
K long as the quantity lasts I2ic MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. ages in box A Box .08c |§3
SSPilliiiJ
PROSPECTIVE
FURNITURE AND
CARPET BUYERS
Win lesrn torjethino to their advan-
tage by S'vlng us on early coll.
BRIIUANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Oyea Ever.ir.js. Near Powell.
Free Delivery trithln 100 Mile*.
For Ease m Grace
we a.rt me
Gloria
PIHGrtEE MAKES TffZM.
A SHOE FOR A
LADY.
Pi?/CE...(P^.C)U
LACE OK BUTTOX.
AMY STYLE OP TOE.
EVERY QUALITY OF STOCK.
LIGHT OR HEAVY SOLES.
B. KATCfllNSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO-
10 Third St., San Francisco.
¦ ' '¦ ¦Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nvurajffla.
Druffflsts, COo flaak. Richards * Co., 4M Cl*j.
» The i extensive 1 ; arid S regions : of. Northern
Mexico are, to.be irrigated by. canals from
aid ; extended ; by the Federal and State
governments. / v ' " ' '
•'£. Ladles' -.tailor-made suits, v sllk'^ aklrta, tat
capes; liberal credit. M.< Rothschild. 5*6 Sutter. •
, After testing wireless telegraphy for a
distance of sixty miles, the* French Gov
ernment has ordered its Mediterranean
squadron to be equipped with the wireless
Ancient Order "Workmen.
rThe anniversary, meeting and smoker
by Franklin Lodge last week" was
one', of the' most enjoyable' affairs
that the lodge has had in many
months. Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer,
initiated two candidates in an ; ad
mirable manner; Harry I. ' Mulcreevy,
the master workman, presided and there
was a good programme of entertainment
and a number of addresses by members
of the extension oommlttee,\ which at
tended In a body. Those who contributed
to the entertainment of the evening were
C. T. Spencer, Grand Recorder Frank
Farley, Financier Dwyer, the great Ameri
can ventriloquist, and Brothers Will j.
Beatty, Molloy,. Blackman, Meyer and
many others.
Prosperity Lodge at its last held meet
ing initiated three candidates in the am
plified form and received ten applications
This lodge has offered two badges as
prizes to the members who will do the
best missionary work within a year. It
will give a banquet in the near future.
At a district meeting of Yerba Buena
Noe Valley, Harmony and Myrtle Lodges
last Tuesday the new relief law was ex
plained in detail. The lodges of this dis
trict will on the 21st celebrate the silver
anniversary of the foundation of the order
in this State. •
Excelsior Lodge is arranging for the
celebration of the silver anniversary in
its lodgeroom.
? [ \X. er , Spray and Forget Me Not Lodges
of the' Degree of Honor will take part
in the Admission day celebration. '.
•The officers of Oakdale and of the Ix>dge
of the^ Degree of Honor in Pacific Grove
have been installed ¦ by Grand Recorder
Miss Donnelly.
filter Spray Lodge of the Degree of
"?°i? or wiu hold an open meeting on tho
28tn Inst. - -
would fight bosses to the finish with an
Independent movement."
' The vote was taken by roll call. Forty
two members voted for the amendment
and forty against it.
• Immediately the call as amended wa3
adopted and the commltttee adjourned.
The champions of clean politics gave a
great shout of triumph when the victory
was won. .
was a demand that the names be read
and published.
When order was • restored Chairman
Bouvier recognized William Metzner.
Mr. Metzner declared that the adoption
of the Goldberg scheme would produce
discord in the Thirty-fifth District. He
said: "I know the temper and spirit of
the Republicans of that district, -and
know that the men who supported Hor
ace Davis will not submit. to be thus de
prived of their rights by the bosses."
•When reference to the conspiracy of
the bosses against Horace • Davis was
made some one shouted, "Poodle dog."
M. V. B. Taylor of tho Thirty-fourth
District warned the committee that 2000
Republicans of his district would never
consent to a surrender of their rights.
The faction which the committee propos
ed to recognize did not In his judgment
represent 150 votes.
Another voice — Dibble.
Nathan Frank of the Forty-first made a
fearless and convincing argument. He
called bosses by name. He said that he
knew the temper of the boss faction and
the source of its Inspiration. As he was
reviewing the, events of the campaign one
year ago and the betrayal of Horace Da
vis, some one exclaimed. "The Poodle
Dog." Mr. Frank promptly responded:
"We are in the Poodle Dog now. Kelly
and Crimmins are outside, as they were
at the Poodle Dog in that campaign If
you do not believe the bosses are here
look in the anteroom and you will find
cne who is ready to sacrifice hia party
and create dissension for the sake of one
little office."
Voice — Name him.
"This plan presented by Mr. Goldberg,"
resumed Mr. Frank, "is stuffed full of
platitudes about fairness, but it proposes
to place the power of appointing election
officers. in the hands of bosses and place
hunters. The Republicans of the Forty
first District will not swallow this dose."
George J. Boyne of the Forty-first, ad
dressing Goldberg and John J. Curry,
said: "I am of the same feeling as Mr
Frank. The Republican merchants and
taxpayers of San Francisco will
not swallow your dose. You, Mr
Aschheim, were pledged to stand
for reform and clean politics. You
Mr. Goldberg, knocked - at the door
of the Grand Hotel anti-boss convention
for admittance and solemnly promised to
stand for reform. You, John J Cur
ry, a Democrat — we took you In on the
promise that you would be faithful."
Mr. Boyne was interrupted twenty
times or more, but he finished his speech,
declaring that the Forty-third District
stream of remonstrance followed. The
break was too bad for Goldberg to sup
port. ;: , . - - --' . ¦ ;.•
A. Ruef denounced the plan as unjust,
as it placed the control of affairs in the
hands of a packed committee. It was a
scheme permitting* on© side to hog, all the
Inspectors. He moved to amend by strik
ing out the fifty- four names and inserting
a provision g-ivingr-the County Committee
men of each district- the power to appoint
five election officers. 7 ' " '
: A.' B. Truman denounced * the Goldberg
scheme as a hogging .boss programme. He
directed the minds of the committee to the
fact that ten thousand Republicans of San
Francisco had not .yet registered. They
were waiting to see if the bosses gained
the upper hand in the County Committee.
He scored Kelly and Crimmins by name.
At every opportunity the henchmen of
Herrln, .Kelly, Crimmins v and Dibble
sought to create confusion and force the
vote on the measure.
I. J. Truman Jr. declared that the peo
ple of his district desired fair play. « He
knew the Republicans of that district
and knew that they would not permit out
siders to come in and appoint their elec
tion officers.
A motion to commit the plan to a com
mittee of Jive was voted down. The
henchmen of the bosses applauded and
demanded the previous question.
John R. Hillman uttered some words
of warning. He announced that his own
relations with the County Committee
would end if the boss programme was
forced.
A. R. Smith declared that 35 votes re
corded In favor of the motion to refer
the plan to a committee represented an
independent Republican sentiment that
should not be ignored.'
Aurelius F. Buckingham of the Forty
first asserted that the Republicans of his
district knew their rights and knew how
to obtain them. They would not submit
to boss rule.
T H. McCarthy was willing to give all
factions fair recognition. He demanded
that the other side should make conces
sion.
Charles I*. Field demanded In a vigorous
speech that the roll should be called on
the Ruef amendment and that every
member of the committee should go on
record.
, A - R"*f , as5tc rted that thirty-nine
of the nfty-four names in the Goldberg
plan had been voting all evening on one
side. ....
Goldberg shouted: "I deny it, Mr. Ruef
I can prove it. I will read the names."
A scone of confusion followed. There
SOME- OF THE REPUBLICAN COMMITTEEMEN AS THEY APPEARED IN
- FIGHTING ATTITUDEJ
THE forces of Kelly, Crlmmlns, Her
rin. Dibble and Lynch were de
feated In the Republican County
Committee last night by a narrow
margin, the first test vote standing 42 to
40. The battle was won by the deter
mined and aggressive attitude of the anti
boss speakers. A scheme concocted, pre
sumably by Dibble, and brought forward
by Max Goldberg, proposed to place the
control of the primary election boards in
the hands of fifty-four County Committee
men, thirty-nine of whom were henchmen
of the bosses.
The preliminary skirmishing caused the
apprehension that the plan would suc
ceed. The champions of clean politics,
however, fought to the finish, and fought
fearlessly. There was no mincing of
words. Bosses on the outside and crea
tures of bossism In the room were named.
The rollcall was demanded In a manner
that Indicated a determination on the part
of the frier.ds of decency to make every
xnan show his colors. There was a ring
of defiance In the utterances of the anti
boss stalwarts. The tone and language of
their declarations convinced the commit
tee that they would go forth as Independ
ent Republicans and appeal to the enlight
ened and honest Judgment of the people
for support if the boss programme were
forced.
The session being execntlve. th« bosses
could not bring forward the loafers and
rounders of the Mint saloon to cry down
the Epeakers and demoralize the meeting.
The impassioned appeals of the earnest
znen who desire Republican success had
an effect on two of the committeemen
¦whose votes had been given to the sup
port of tho boss programme In. the prelim
inary stage of the contest.
The test came on an" amendment pro
posed by A. Ruef to strike from the call
for a primary election the provision nam
ing nity-four men to appoint the inspeo
tors and insert Instead a provision placing
the entire appointment of election officers
In the County Committeemen respectively
of each district. On the call of the roll
the following members voted for the peo
ple as ag.iintt the bosses:
Alfred Bouvier. John J. Daughney, Au
gustus Johnson. John McDermott, John
B. McXamara, John F. MeOlynn, John R.
Hillman, A. J. Martin, William Metzner,
A. R. Simmons, A. B. Truman, George
¦\Vimmer, James A. .Nelson, J. J. More
house, Thomas Duff, John F. Ahern, H.
C. Henderson, Z. T. Barber, M. V B
Taylor, Lincoln McDonald, F. VT. "War
ren. Perry J. Smith. Mr. Partridge, Henry
E. Holmes, Augustus Tilden. James HV
Jlumphreys. T. H. McCarthy. Charles L.
Field. Lewis G. McMullen. Maurice
Brandt. Nathan H. Frank, Aurellus F
Buckingham. A. R. Sims. R. H. Mowbray,
1. J. Truman Jr., Orlando M. Marsh
George J. Boyne, Mr. Stern, A. Ruef, L.
A. Rea and W. C. Eidenmuller.
T'ndcr the amended plan the heelers of
Kelly and Crimmins cannot name the
election officers in the Forty-first or any
other district where a majority of County
Commlueemen stand for decency and re
form.
The call as adopted with this amend
ment provides tiia.t the primary- election
ehall be held on August 24. from 7 a. m.
to 6 p. m., and that the convention, con
sisting of 250 delegates, shall be held on
September 12. There shall be two polling
places in each district and at each polling
place there shall be one inspector, two
judges and two clerks. Precinct registers
of the la-«=t election shall be used.
The apportionment of delegates is as
follows: Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict, S; Twenty-ninth. 11; Thirtieth, 11-
Thirty-first. 11; Thirty-second. 9; Thirty
third. 13: Thirty-fourth, 17; Thirty-fifth
13: Thirty-sixth, IS; Thirty-seventh, 19-'
Thirty-eiphth, IS; Thirty-ninth. 17; For
tieth, 19; Forty-first. IS; Forty-second. 14-
LTi b r^u ;^ orty - tounh - n: Fort> -
The call also provides for the election
of 130 delegates to tbe Republican State
Convention.
The excitement of the session began as
Boon as the chairman stated the order of
business. A. hot skirmish came on the
proposition to confirm Havens as commlt
teeman of the Twenty-ninth District, to
tucceed Paul Schulz, a non-resident. The
confirmation was defeated by a vote of
40 to 3&.
The next order of business was the hold
over plan of I. J. Truman Jr. for the ap
pointment of a committee of nineteen to
provide for a primary election. The plan
¦was laid on the table by a vote, of 43
to 24.
On a po'nt of order raised by A. Ruef
the chair ruled that the whole subject
matter be laid on the table. When the
confusion subsided Max Goldberg intro
duced the boss plan. It provided that
each of the four County Committeemen
of a district should appoint two election
officers — one for each polling place in the
©istriot — and that the additional officers,
an inspector for each polling place, should
be appointed by fifty-four County Com
xnltteemen.
The rames of these commltteemen were
embraced in the call. It was provided thai
this committee of fifty-four should con
stitute a canvassing hoard with power to
decide contests' and declare results.
Analysis made in open discussion soon
rpvoai^d tho fart that thirty-nine of <iold
berg's fifty-four had bf-en voting the boss
programme nil evening. James F. Keliv
ff the Thirty-third District moved the'
previous question on the scheme, but a
Raw Scheme
Put Up by
Kelly, Crim
mins and
Dibble Is De
feated.
THERE was a rare collection of Dem
ocratic statesmen at \ the California
Hotel yesterday to attend the meet-
Ing of the State Central Committee.
General. Thomas Jefferson Clunie made
his first appearance of the campaign and
was warmly greeted by his fellow Demo
crats. Ex-Lieutenant Governor William T.
Jeter of Santa Cruz, Nicholas Bowden of
San Jose and James G. Maguire, M. P.
Tarpey and Gavin McNab of the home
talent were there. Mr. McNab was the
holder of proxies galore. The balance of
power was in his pocket, but there-was
no occasion for the display of strength.
In fact, the statesmen adopted a plan of
action before they heard tho written pro
tests against such adoption. Ine protests
were given a courteous reading after the
battle was over.' That reading and a be
nevolent smile of Chairman Sims soothed
the remonstrating element.
-"You're a liar, shouted John Heenan
to "Sammy" Braunhart shortly after
the committee convened. Braunhart
sat .". down. For a moment It looked
like a -real Democratic ecrap, but
the troubled blew over and the meeting
ended harmoniously. A communication
from the Bryan and Stevenson clubs of
the Thirty-first and Thirfy-ninth dis
tricts requesting that the State Central
Committee control the primaries had just
been read to the committee by Secretary
Thomas Curran. At its conclusion Braun
hart, leaping to his feet, asked who the
president of that club was.
"John Heenan," replied Curran.
"Then I want to know," said Braun
hart, "if that is the« same Heenan who
marched in the McKlnley parade four
years ago?" , •.
The answer, came quick and sharp from
Heenan, and although it was not exactly
relevant, "Sammy" Braunhart was satis
fied.
Yesterday morning's meeting was called
to Issue. a new call for the Democratic
State Convention to be held In San Josa
on Thursday, September 6.
New Call for Convention.
"The so-called Stratton primary law
having been rendered itfvalla by the de
cision- of the Supreme Court," said Chair
man Sims, "it now becomes the duty of
the Democratic State Central Committee
to issue a new- call for the Democratic
State ; Convention. That is tho object of
this meeting 1 ."
After the minutes of the last meeting
had been read Judge Bridgeford of the
legal committee presented a new call and
urged its adoption. , The, call was carried
without a dlssenting'vcice.
| The text of the new call follows:
The Democratic State Central Committee of
California, the governing body and commit
tee of the Democratic party of California,
which at the last general election in the State
of California, polled more than 3 per cent of
the entire vote of the State, in meeUnjj assem
bled at the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on this 11th day of Au
gust, 1900. hereby, adopts this call for a Demo
cratic State convention : to be held on tho 6th
day of September. 1900, at 11 o'clock a. m. of
that day, at the city of San Jose. Said State
convention is called and will be held for the
purpose of nominating candidates for public
offlces to be voted for at the next ensuing gen
eral election, to be held In said State on Tues
day, November 6, ¦1900, Including . the nomina
tion of nine Presidential . electors, to be voted
for at said next ensuing general election, and
also for tho transaction of such other business
as may properly come before said convention.
That said State convention shall consist of 691
delegates, and' all of said' delegates shall be
elected at a primary election to be held in each
county, and city and 'county of. the State on
Saturday, the 25th day of August. 1900. at such
hours of that day as the several county and
city and county committees of the State may
respectively determine.
The Qualification of voters . shall be as pro
vided by law. and the test ehall be "I hereby
pledge myself In good faith to support the
nominees of the Democratic party at the com
ing election." •
That the apportionment of delegates to said
State convention shall be one delegate for
each -200 votes of the average vote cast Jn each
county or city and county for the Democratic
candidates for State of fleers voted for at the
general election held in said State of Califor
nia on November 8. 18S8, provided that any
county casting less than such remainder for the
said candidates shall, nevertheless, be entitled
to one delegate.
That the average vote cast, as aforesaid, in
each county and city and "county and the ap
portionment of (delegates to each county and
city and county upon the basis herein set forth
is hereby declared to be as follows:
Dele- Dele-
Counties— gates. Counties— rates
Alameda 36 Plumae 2
Alpine- l Riverside 7
Amador -.. 6 Sacramento 16
Butte ...... 9 San Benlto 4
Calaveraa 6 San Bernardino 11
Colusa 5!San Dlei?o 15
Contra Costa......... 7jRan Francisco 115
Pel Norte.... liSan Joaquln... 15
El Dorado............ b ! San ,LuIs Oblspo.... 9
Fresno lojSan Mateo 5
Olenn 4 Santa Barbara/. 8
Humboldt 10,f-nnta Clara 22
Inyo 2. Santa Cruz .\.. 10
Kern S Shasta ....;.......... 3
Kings 6' Sierra 2
Lake :..... 4-Siskiyou 8
Lassen £!Solano 10
Los Angeles.......... G5 1 Sonoma 17
Madera .......' 3 Stanislaus 6
Marln 4 'Suiter .; 3
Marlposa ?*... 3,Tchama C
Mendocino lOlTrinity 3
Merced 5 Tulare ....11
Modoc 3 Tuolumne 7
Mono 1. Ventura 6
Monterey 9 Yolo 8
Napa 7 Tuba 5
Nevada 9 _
Orange 8 ! Grand total.. .....%. 531
Placer .8:
That the delegates elected to said State con
vention from the respective Congressional dis
tricts -shall constitute the Congressional con
vention In and for such respective Congressional
districts for the nomination of Congressional
candidates.
That where ; more than one county is em
braced in an Assembly or a Senatorial district,
the delegates to trve State convention from such
Assembly or Senatorial district shall also be
the delegates to an Assembly or Senatorial dis
trict convention to nominate a candidate: for
Assemblyman or Senator, provided no separate
Assembly or Senatorial district convention dele
gates have been elected at such primary elec
tion, and that such Assembly or Senatorial con
vention shall meet in the city of San Jose on
the 7th day of September, 1900, at 7:30 o'clock
p. m. ... t ¦ - ,
That j the delegates . to - the State convention
and to such other conventions as may be held
may: be apportioned at large, or otherwise, as
the party committee in any county or city and
county 'may determine; provided, that - there
shall be no apportionment . for election at largo
for a territory greater than an Assembly dis
trict. .•'.- ;¦> .... ¦ - .'•.. ¦-- :'.-'¦-¦.¦¦•;-; . ;•¦ v ,.-.,/; ). ...-,
. Notices ; of contest of. right to seats in the
several conventions herein referred to must be
filed with the secretary of the Democratic State
Central Committee on or before the 2d day
of September,. 1900. .
The chairman 'and secretaries of the several
county committees will forward . to the secre
tary of , this committee, , as soon as . practicable
after the holding of the primary election, dup
licate certified lists Of the delegates elected
from respective counties, or city and county, to
the- State 'convention.' . •,-¦'•¦¦¦
\i That ¦ the . several Democratic '. county and city
and countyj committees' are notified -that dele
gates I to any political convention ; herein j called
must ; be elected by -. ballot ! at a primary elec
tion. ' J. C. SIMS, Chairman.
THOMAS : E." CURRAN. Secretary.
. Executive ;' Committee.
•>At 1:30 o'clock the executive committee
met. Ex-Senator , White; J; C Sims and
Judge Maguire were appointed a 1 commit
tee, to wait' on Senator David B.i Hill and
to ; arrange i for , a meeting at which the
Senator.! should speak. J. C. 1 Sims, Judge
Maguire and Thomas E. Curran were ap
pointed , to -make ' for an
other meptins: with Attorney M. P. Taylor
of New York. - " • . . .
The Protest
Against the
Henchmen
of Phelan
Ruling Not
Considered.
REPUBLICAN DECENCY TRIUMPHS OVER BOSS PROGRAMME ;
DEMOCRATS ISSUE NEW CALL FOR STATE CONVENTION
THE SAN FHANOISOO OA^L,. SUNDAY,- AUGUST 12, 1900.
30
THE FRISCO BOYS,
Corner Kearny St. and Union Square A ve;
— ¦ ¦ •-¦¦¦"'¦-"-¦ * ¦,. ¦* -¦
O A OH A d C w
Handsome sailors in a beautiful shade of blue,
just like thQ picture; suits that youwouJd be willing
to paii $0 and $6 for at any time; &
ages o to 10 years. TV^- 1^
JtJ_ \JJ\ I J.rj _£ ~f /
Snug and warm Reefers, just like the picture, in
tan English Meltons, ijilaid velvet collar, cuffs of
sleeves bound zvith velvet; a smart /f* *""^k
winter garment ; ages 3 to 8 %/ ||X
• ....:.... MONDAY 1 *-"
Swell Suit for bigger boys, ages 8 to 15 years,
double-breasted style, built with - yj% <^k y* 'mm
strength of iron and steel; all long- ji A- 4- *TI
fiber wool, worth easily $5. MONDAY *r ** •/Ts-r
OF COURSE, THE BOYS GET OUR PATENT PENCIL BOX FREE.
a : ¦ — ' — — .
Sweet, Gute Finery
A t Ba r gai n Pr i ces.
All business and club men remember
Felix, who for. the last ten years has
catered, to their appetites in the old Bo-
hemian quarter, and hjs disappearance
from the Sacramento-street establish-
ment has caused much grumbling com-
ment. But Felix is not lost; he has sim-
ply been carried along with the wave of
progress and prosperity and opened the
coziest rotisserie in Jown at 5J7 Califor-
nia street, where he will be pleased to
serve his old patrons in his new model
establishment. Felix's promise la a guar-
antee for perfect service at modest
prices. •?
Where Is Felix?
40% discount on tailor-made suits to order; 30
dayo on'y; fit ru&rt'd. R. Sideman. 107 Hayes."
China has granted concessions for about
5000 miles of railway, but little can be
done until the present troubles have
ceased.
For the Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established Jn the Oak-
land Ferry Depot (on tho ground floor in
the center of the building), where passen-
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
ba scape, our rates being: lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor-
ton Special Delivery, 408 Taylor st. and
650 Market st. •
Hamburg had eight-two days In 1809
when the sun was not visible at all. Thera
were In all 1367 hours of sunshine, or 400
less than in Heligoland.
Another lot of travelers' samples and
odd corsets, all colors and sizes, valuo
from 75c to $4 B0, will be- sold for half
price and less. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutll"
corsets— flve-hook, spoon steel. sjllc
flossed— at 25c per pair. Chester F.
Wright. 6 Geary street, corner Kearny. •
Special Corset Sole.
$2.90 apalr
Silk striped, snow-flake madras curtains,
three and three and one-half yards long, full
width with fringed ends, reduced from $5
and $6 to
Roman Striped Curtains
$3.00 each
Mercerized cotton and sateen petticoats in a
great variety of colors, striped, figured and
Persian patterns, with heavy corded and
flounced bottoms, reduced from $4 and $4.50 to
Striped sateen petticoats in a good assort-
ment of colors, perfectly shaped and well
made with corded and flounced bottoms re-
duced from $2.50 to
¦
$1.90 each
Petticoats
25c a yard
At our ribbon counter an expert is constantly
on hand who^will tie free of charge any style
of ribbon bow you may desire.
Taffeta Ribbon
Just received a new shipment m every de-
sirable shade of all silk taffeta ribbon, iU
inches wide at
The above goods now on display in our toindows.
129 Kearny Street /
NflVFI TY W IfQ
liu ILL I I uILS\di
On Mondau, August 13th, we will place on sale
an elegant assortment of NEW NOVELTY
SILKS for FALL WEAR. We call social at-
tention to the following extraordinaru values.
Braided etfeGts In Solid Colored TAFFETAS, 20 inches
wlle •;• ••¦•¦•¦ • Sl.OO Yard
Pllsse and Corded Striped TAFFETA (sort finish), all
newest shades, 20 Inches wide si .00 Yard
New colors In Soft Finish TAFFETA, white and hlack
hralded effects, In stripes only, 20 inches wide
•••• • SI.25Yard
Light colors In Satin Stripe TAFFETA PLISSE, 24 inches
wlAe : S!.35Yard
A White Ground JAFFETA, with. light hlue, cardinal and
navu satin stripe, hralded effects, 20 Inches wide
• • Si. 50 Yard
New Corded Striped TAFFETA, in turanolse and white,
gray and white, and lavender and white, 21 Inches
wide. ...$1.50 Yard
Complete assortment of colorings In NEW TAFFETAS,
SILK POPLINS, CREPE de CHENE, SATIN DUCH-
ESSE and PANNE VELVETS.
All the latest shades In our standard dualities of SILK
VELVETS at..... SI.5O and S2.00 Yard
XTOTE.
Our customers In the Interior are reauested to
write for samples of our New Fall Goods. All
-orders for either samples or goods filled and
. shipped the same dan then are received.
*ll» "Ho* Hi?, lie, liy» J4&I PO5T oTRlcTi
AD VEBTISKJ^mfj IS.Suit for divorce were ; filed . yesterday . by
Stella Beckstead against Frank Beckstead
for failure to provide and Arena B.Kelle
her against Thomas F. Kelleher for deser-
Divorce Suits Filed.
The Young Man and His Strength.
at 3 o'clock there will be a grand
rally of ' young * men J at the Association
Auditorium, ¦' Mason '¦}. and -j Ellis . ; streets,
which will be addressed by Mr. McCoy on
"The Young Man and' His Strength.'! All
young men invited, v ¦;
Suit was -filed yesterday, against the
Market-street Railway Company by Lillie
Cobb.. through her guardian, to recover
$20,000 for personal Injuries. Lillie Cobb Is
the three- year-old child who,"- on c August
11; was ' run over and * injured by a Fol
som-street car.
Baby Sues for Damages.
W. : Toritch, Russian Consul at ,Port
Arthur, arrived . on the. steamship Gaelic
last nightandls nqw_ staying at the Pal
ace." \ The visitor comes from; Tientsin.
He left that disturbed portion of ! China
at the outbreak f of nostllities and ia in
this country on business. - -He has been a
frequent ' visitor (fto America and .speaks
excellent - English. - lie ) states : thati the
Russian -Government, has 300,000 soldiers
within a short distance of the empire and
could land troops without trouble.-. It • Is
his opinion -that it will take three years
to quell the trouble in Chinas ,-,\
Arrival of a Russian Consul.
Charles Cutlar, the boy: bicyclist, who
collided with W.. P.; Sullivan, father of
the Chief of Police, on Market street Fri
day night, appeared before Judge Ca
banlss yesterday on the charge of bat
tery. The , Judge, after severely repri
manding the boy for, his. carelessness, dis
missed the case. . -., . . : .
Dismissed With a Reprimand.
Following is to-day's - programme of
music at Golden Gate_JF»ark:
Overture, 'Trcischutz 1 ' f . . . . — .... . .Weber
Mazourka, "Les Ondlnes du Nil"......Grognet
Suite "From Foreign Lands". .Mcskowski
Waltz. "Calanthe" — .....Holzman
Selection, "Carmen" : :..:..:. Blz"t
"Slavonian March" Tschaikowsky
Sextet from "Lucia" .........Donizetti
"Hungarian Fantasia" Tobanl
"Senfgambian Patrol".... ..Rosey
March, "Native Sons":'..'........... Horst
Park Music.
Miss Minnie Berlin, vocalist, 854 Folsom
street, swore to a complaint in Judge Ca
baniss' court yesterday for the arrest of
Abraham Tauzman, saloon-keeper, 1044
Folsom street, on charges , of threats
against life and disturbing the peace.
Tanzman was recently divorced from his
wife, who is a sister of the complaining
witness. She had to pass and repass his
saloon on the 'way to her Instructor's stu
dio, and he used to stand at the door and
call her vile names, she avers. Friday
afternoon he was more than usually abu
«ive and threatened to take her life.: f
Threatened to Kill Her.
"At Altata they would not keep him,
and when we were ready to sail again the
Mexicans put our crazy man tack aboard
again. Then J. Toner and J. Anderson,*
our two foremost hands, quit. They re
fused to go to sea with Thusan again. We
lillcd their places with Mexicans and have
had a lively t'me of it getting home. We
put Thusan down in the hofa. but every
once In a while he would break out. Once
he Jumped overboard, and when asked
what he did it for said salt water was
good for the eyes.
"Toner and Anderson served with Thu
san seven months ago In the ship Cyrus
Wakefield. He was considered a good
sailor, but 'queer.' He had many lucid
intervals on the Czar, but toward the end
be was a raving lunatic. We cleared the
ship at Altata on June 16 and took four
Mexicans aboard to till out our crew list,
the men who left as going home on the
Curacao. Several times on the way home
Thusan tried to knock a hole in the ship's
side, and once he forced his way on deck,
and. we had to lasso him before. he could
be put back in confinement. .
"On July 7'he took command of the ship
and on July 31 he tried twice to scuttle
the ship, v Friday night he got away, but
we caught nlm, and yesterday morning
when I tried to turn him over to the ma
rine . hospital authorities he struck me
with a billet of, wood and laid me out. It
will be many a long day before I make a
cruise with a crazy: man again."". ;,
"When the Czar arrived at Altata we
attempted to get rid of the crazy sailor
and incidentally lost all of our crew. We
started to take Thusan ashore, but he
jumped into the bay and we rescued him
with difficulty. A second time he jumped
over and I had to go after him. When
we got him In the boat again we tied him
up. •
earth he was locked up and no favors
shown him.
any moment.
**Wbcn Thusan again came back to
THE schooner Czar arrived from Al
tata yesterday after a long run of
forty-eight days. The voyage was
one of the most eventful ever made
between a Californian and a Mexican port.
When twenty-four hours out from Ban
Francisco John Thusan. one of the crew,
vent insane and during the round trip
he came near running the ship. At times
the sailors were under lock and key and
at others Thurran was running up and
<3cwn the rigging like a monkey. When
captured and locked up In the hold he
broke his way out and all hands had to
l.e called to get him back In his berth
again.
"I never saw such a case In my life be
fore," said Mate Ryan yesterday. "When
under one of his spells he seemed to have
the strength of a hundred men and noth
» ing but a lasso could bring him to his
senses.
-The Czar left San Francisco on May
19 and the next day Thusan went Insane.
He wanted to enter the cabin and when
Captain Warner attempted to stop him
be snowed fight. In the" melee that fol
lowed the captain had his coat torn from
his back, but the lunatic was finally over
powered.-
"On May 21 it was blowing a living gale.
The Czar was en cither one end or the
other nearly all the time. By. some means
t another Thusan mace his escape and
l# f gan plaving with the main topgallant
jKl:iu He ran up and down the rope .like a
monkey and everybody stood breathless
expecting to see him dashed to death at
Terrorizes Captain and Crew, Jumps
Overboard and Repeatedly Tried
to Sink the Ship.
CRAZY SAILOR RUNS
THE SCHOONER CZAR
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic arrived from the Orient
yesterday. Aboard the steamer were
refuges from China— people who hurried
home when the clouds of war began to
gather In the Far East. Though none
who, returned were caught .^behind tha
Boxers' firing line, they saw the mobili
zation of troops, witnessed the panic
among the Chinese when they began to
fear for the destruction of their nation,
and knew of the demoralization of trade
In the seaports of Asia Major.
Professor John Fryer, head of the de
partment; of Oriental languages at the
University of California, was among the
passengers on the Gaelic. He tells an
interesting Said he:
"China win«nut be partitioned. - This is
something that I have always maintained.
Not long ago nearly every writer on China,
foretold its division among the powers,
but they will soon see that recent events
have nullified their predictions.
- "This ,war has aroused a national spirit
in China. It is not that there has -been
any fundamental change in the organiza
tion In the empire since the Japanese war.
That was not really a war at all. A few
raw recruits were stood up before the
Japanese guns and shot down. The great
mass of the, Chinese people did not know
that any. conflict was in progress. ... But
now the news of • the . fighting Is wide
spread and the natives are working to
gether as they . seldom have before. I I
might say. that a national spirit is being
developed among the Chinese. ..«*..'
\ "I said • that there has not been any
great change in the organization of the
empire. , It is this fact that is going to
necessitate the intervention of foreign
governments. The .departments are at
the ? present moment incredibly corrupt.
There can be no satisfactory dealing with
.China by the United : States or European
"nations until the worst of this corruption
is stopped. It will be the task of the
powers to steo In, f ores a workable execu-
In His Opinion Troubles in Orient
Will Serve to Develop Unity of
Purpose Among Its
• Peoples.
Empire Will Not Be Parti
tioned, Says Professor
John Fryer.
CORRUPTION OF
TARTAR DYNASTY
SHAKING CHINA
Henry J. Payn of New : York. London
and'Paris, who stands without a peer In
affairs pyrotechnic, after negotiating for
some months with a number of prominent
local business men, has decided to come to
this city for a brief period. He will .pro
duce his open-air spectacle, "The Battle
of San Juan," the reigning sensation at
Manhattan Beach last season. The entire
production will be on an elaborate scale,
three hundred performers, athletes, offi
cers and soldiers participating in the af
fair. After the bombardment and storm
ing of San Juan Hill, the capture of which
is followed by a grand review of the
troops, comes a thousand-dollar display of
Payn's fireworks, the special features of
which will be changed nightly.
On account of the comparative freedom
from fog in the neighborhood, the Six
teenth and Folsom-street grounds have
been selected for the occasion. The dates
named arc from September 1 to Septem
ber 15, inclusive, omitting Sunday, Sep
tember 2.
Payn Will Display Fireworks..
The San Benito went ashore four miles
north of Point Arena lighthouse at 1 a. m.
She was~an iron vessel. The waves ran
with such force that the iron hull was
broken in two and the parts widely sep
arated in a few minutes. The wreck was
discovered by people on shore when morn
ing dawned. Four persons were dragged
from the surf. The remainder of the ship's
company, with the exception of five who
had been drowned while trying to reach
shore In a boat, could be seen gathered in
the fore rigging. The seas were making
There were two other heroes who were
awarded gold medals on the recommenda
tion of Major Blakeney. they being
Brown's companions when he went out to
rescue the crew of the San Benito. They
could not be found in time to bestow the
medals upon them yesterday. One is a
Digger Indian named Sam Miller, the
ether is Lazar Pozononovitch.
X JEFFERSON M. BROWN AND HIS GOLDEN TOKEN OF BEAVERY. |
hope that I may be able to perform my
duty better in the future."
Major Blakeney, Captain Sebree, United
States inspector of lighthouses; Major
Davis, United States engineer; Captain F.
M. Munger, inspector of the Thirteenth
Lighthouse District; Captain A. F. Rod
geis of the United States Coast and Geo
detic Survey. Captain George Varney of
the Golden Gate Park life-saving station,
Captain Joseph Hodgson of the Fort Point
station. Captain Henry Smith of the
Southside station. Colonel W. M. Hoag.
Manager Henry T. Emery of the Mer
chants' Exchange. Donald Ross. John M.
Klein, M. D. Hyde, Lewte G. Morse and
L. W, Storror were in the audience that
applauded, and crowded around to shake
Brown's hand.
Brown was thrown down and the steer
ing oar was broken.
Undaunted and still resolute, "Brown
proposed to make another trial. Only
Miller and Pozononovich would volunteer.
Four men having failed, it was certain
that two could not succeed, and the boat
did not again leave shore. The crew of
the San Benito were taken -off subse
quently by a passing steamer.
These facts were set forth in Secretary
Gage's letter. Only. seven gold medals for
life saving have been awarded on * this
coast. Yesterday was the Jirst time that
Major Blakeney personally conferred one.
There are five silver medals ready to be
presented by Major Blakeney — on P. , An
derson, A. Henrickson, F. Strand, Lars E.
Olsen and Andrew O. I>elliland. ¦
your mill or place of employment about
7:50 or 7:55' a. m. Be ready and, unless
prevented by your boss, begin work at 8
n. m. and work until 5 p. m.. taking your
lunch between the hours of 12 and 1 p. m.
(Kcr.embcr a union man cannot work
more than eight hours a day in any mill.)
If there are any non-union men working
with you have nothing to say to them or
their employer:- keep .on .with your work
and notify the business agent of the coun
cil at your earliest convenience, and he
will attend to them in due time. Have no
arguments- with the bosses, no matter
what they say. Brother, be sure to keep
away from intoxicating drinks; be quiet
nnd respect yourself and all men who love
libertv and fair play. We will support and
respect you In this your move for jus-
U "The planing mill" proprietors," said V.
H McCarthy president of the Building
Trades Council last evening, "have en
deavored to give the public the Impres
sion that the laboring men are trying to
brine on a general strike in the building
?SdL That is not the truth of the si t
i.-ition at all.'- We are only asking that
the Planing mill : men give their employ
ers the advantage of the eiglK-hour day.
ns the employers of labor n the other
twenty-six ¦; branches of the building
trades have done.'- '
••There is Httle probability that there
will he any widespread strike in the
"We are asking only what is reason
nble" sa'dM. J. Williams, secretary of
the 'Millmen'* Union. -".We have not
asked increased waees. and we_ demand
only > to be. put on an equal footing with
the other brunches of the building trades.
Some of onr men hav» already been paid
off and discharged. This amounts to a
lockout; it Is not a strike. .~
"There will be only a lockout of the
'millmen- at the present, time. We hope
it" wlll'ero no further, and we feel con
fident that it will; not.. There is scarcely
a probabilty of a general strike in the
building trades." . t '
'- The Cabinet-makers' Union has made
the same demand, with tho approval of
the Building Trades Council. Nearly all
of the furniture factories have consented
to an eight-hour day. _ • i ;
The Building Trades . Council will meet
; to-morrow I afternoon I to consider ' the sit
uation -and discuss : whatever develop
ments the forenoon shall have produced.
breawers at high tide, the little
vessel is digging deeper and deeper into
the sands, making a bed from which
-there will be little chance to drag her. i
Conrad . Johnson and his .crew
cf :< : tAx vhave stayed'-by the, unfortunate
schooner. ¦" Charles Sudden of Sudden &
Christenson.the owners of the Neptune,
went out to the beached vessel yesterday
afternoon. He- was at-first Inclined to
censure Captain Johnson for his handling
of the schooner. Captain Smith of the
South Side life-saving station came to the
mariner's defense. He is an old sailor
and knows the treacherous current that
sets < In -- with ' the flood tide. He assured
the owner that Captain Johnson had han
dled the vessel as any other master would
have handled her. He had dropped the
anchors in good time, but the strong cur
rent and later the breakers .had dragged
the vessel inshore in spite of them..
An attempt was to be made to pull the
Neptune off the beach at high tide this
morning. Her owners planned to- anchor
a steam schooner as near Inshore as pos
eible and to try to drag the Neptune from
her bed of sand with cable and capstan.
If that fall, three tugs will be tried at the
task at the next high tide." Sailors who
have seen the vessel's position ' say that
she can never be raised out of the hole
that she has dug. A few high tides with
fierce breakers will open seams in the
hull and the little vessel will break up
iapidly. If the attempt to drag her off
with tugs fails her owners will proceed to
dismantle her. ;';'«-*
THE schooner Neptune still lies on
the beach two miles and a half *
below the South Side life-saving ¦
station, where she went ashore <
k. Friday evening. Buffeted by the .
"A. soldier or tailor In battle," continued
Major Blakeney earnestly, "may be
actuated to perform deeds of valor from
the selfish motives of renown and pro
motion. Your efforts to save human life,
however, were inspired solely by the most
penerous and exalted inpulse. The sworn
testimony of credible eyewitnesses of
your repeated and gallant efforts to reach
the wrecked people demonstrate that you
have ¦well won the badge of honorable
distinction which the national Govern
ment has awarded to you and which it is
ray pleasurable duty to present. It is
with hearty congratulations that I now
pin this well earned token on your
breast."
Brown, the hero, responded In an almost
inaudible voice. "It is always a pleasure
to know that we have done* our work
faithfullv. and It is doubly so •when we
know that our work is appreciated by
others. This token you have presented to
me as a recognition of our efforts to save
the crew of the Ill-fated San Benito Is ac
cepted in the spirit in which it is given.
"When I made these attempts to save those
brave boy6 on that awful day the thought
cf reward never entered my mind. My
sotil was In the work. My idea was to do
my duty regardless of consequences, and
I did the best I knew how, aria only
w ?hed that I could have done more. It
does my heart good to know that Uncle
Sam appreciates our efforts. This gold
medal shall ever be cherished to urge me
on to better eerve my country. I thank
you from the bottom of my heart and
All heroes are made of pretty much the
same ingredients and modesty is one of
them. Brown proved himself to be no ex
ception to the rule. So far from being
elated while eulogy was bestowed upon
him, he looked actually distressed. He
swallowed nervously, drummed a tattoo
unconsciously with one hand on a desk
beside him and beads of perspiration
ttood on his v.eather-bronzed forehead.
Those surrounding him understood the
perils of the eea. They measured and
comprcliended their man and sharp ap
plause spontaneously greeted his modest
response.
"This medal." said Major Blakeney.
"will be tiJiendid testimony for you and
yours, of your valorous eelf-sacriflce and
devotion to humanity under stress of se
verest conditions. He who. at the immi
nent hazard of his own life, attempts to
save another In peril, earns recognition
£.r.d deserves tribute aa a hero."
Brown's eyes brightened a little at this
for "you and yours" Included himself
and family of wife and five children who,
on tiiat dreadful morning of November
1WC, he left securely housed In the
lighthouse at Point Arena while he went
out alone to dare a hero's death in the
billows.
JEFFERSON M. BROWX, light
house keeper at Point Arena, was
presented yesterday with a gold
badge by order of Secretary Gage
cf the Treasury Department of the
United States, in token of heroism on the
occasion of the wreck of the steamer San
BerJto, November 22. 1SS6. Major T. J.
Blakeney, Superintendent of the LJfe
eavirig Service, pinned the chining badge
of courage to Brown's coat, at the con
clusion of a complimentary address. Then
Major Blakeney read a long letter from
Secretary Ga?e. In this communication
•were such phrases as "heroic struggle,"
"gallant service," "highest courage."
"humane purpose," "purpose undaunted,"
etc
A meeting of the mlllowners ' was held
'last evening. William Crocker t president
of the San Francisco Pian:ng Millmen's
Association.. presided. ' For two hours the
members^pf Jtiie association listened to re-,
ports and discussed various matters con
nected with the situation. During the
evening telephonic messages were received
from .mlllowners .b Alameda County.
• These were in reference to the situation
I across the bay. The meeting was exec
utive. Fully a score of millowners were
at the meeting. At the close of the session
It was announced that there was nothing
new to be given out. A press committee
had been appointed, but there was noth
ing for the members to tell, except that
the mlllowners would stand firmly by the
resolution they adopted recently.
Individual mlllowners, who were seen
after the meeting, - made the following
statements concerning their position ana
the general conditions. At ilrst, they said,
they were favorable to the original re
quest made by the Millmen's Union* When
th-;y talked with President McCarthy of
t;.e Building Trades Council he made ex
ceptions to the original proposition,
wnlch put a different 'aspect on tnv case.
The miiloqgiera'had all the mills lurnlsh
statements concerning the business thev
were doing. Upon analysis they found
that 48 per cent of tho total was not han
died by the members of tlie Building
Trades Council. This 4S. ; per cent em
braced the work for ships and the work
for exportation to Australia, Honolulu
and elsewhere. The men employed in
shipbuilding are not connected with the
Building Trades Council. On^the 48 per
cent of work the competition . from the
outside . was keen and was aased on nine
hours' work" or more per day. If they
were compelled to grant an eignt-hour day
with the pay now given for nine hours
they would lose the trade. That would
mean that 4S per cent too many mills
..would remain running for the trade re-'
mainir.g. •
The statement was also made by mHl
owners. that the pay in San Francisco
averages $3 a day for mill hands and is
much higher than in places competing
with San Francisco. "We are virtually
a unit," was what all the mill-owners as
serted. Tnere Is one small mill it was
said, that is uncertain. This 'employs
four hands. Several mills, so it was also
said by the mill-owners, paid off their
hands last night and dismissed those who
would not agree to resume work to-mor
row on the old lines. ~
; The Millmen's Union has the support of
the Building Trades Council, with which
Is* affiliated twenty-seven building trades
unions, with a: membership of over 12 000
men..', ¦¦- . .
The Millmen's Union held an enthusias
tic meeting, at the State Labor Bureau
last night and reports from the different
mills were received. Thtee of the plan
ing mills, according to these reports nave
taken the initiative. At Wilkie's mill and
at Little's mill in San Francisco, andat
Burnham-& Standeford's mill in Oakland
the union ' men were notified : yesterday
afternoon that unless they were willing to
report for work at the usual' time to-mor
row- morning and * to continue under tr-e
existing arrangements their tools must be
taken .from " ; the*; mills. ' * \
The union. men at these mills all. stood
by. their . colors," and" in consequence were
paid off : and .discharged. .The lockout or
strike, whichever it may be called • is on
so far as they are concerned. .'In some of
the other mills notices were posted to the
effect that there will bo no wofk for ; the
men who fail to report at the usual hour
— 7:30-o'clock. v • . . -
Of the 322 members of -the Millmen's
Union nearly * ji\l were . present ¦ at the
meeting, and- twenty new > members were
initiated, i This leaves, it is claimed," less
than forty millmen In the bay cities , who
are non-union: "-. • ".'¦-¦¦" -,
, ; The executive committee = of the Build
ing Trades Council held a short meeting
and, received of the attitude, of
the -: different'^ mills, i The • committee ad
journed i to the Millmen's »Union meeting,
and several of its members made speeches
urging the millmen to stand I by tthe V- just
cause. ;=-.>¦ Intense enthusiasm ' prevailed . at
themeeting.:"- ' • ?,. .
A", circular of instructions to the • mill
men has been '.. issued : by - the v Building
Trades Council. It contains' the following
Injunctions: . .:
*. "On Monday, August 13, . you will reach .
7^ HE strike of the Mill
men's Union, as it is
called by the*, mill-owners —
the lock-out, as it is termed
by their employes — thf re
sult of the Union's' light for
an "eight-hour day," ivill
begin to-morrow. The mill
owners have resolved to
stand by their resolution 'to,
adhere to existing hours and
existing pay for their em
ploy CS. This decision is re
ported by the miU-oxvncrs to
be unanimous. This situa
tion is the result of notice
given by the Building
Trades Council some months
ago asking for an cight
hour day and fixing to
morrow as the date for going
out if their demands are not
granted. The employes say
they zvill stand firm, and is
sues arc thus joined. Some
mill employes may be work
ing to-jnorrow, but only a
small proportion of .
"d'Jiolc. HoiiHo)ig'ihe strike
will last is matter for specu-
Workingmcn Will Uss All Their
Organized Tovrsr to Compel Ac
ceptance of Eight-Hour
" Working 'Bey. -
MEN DISCHARGED AND :/?.¦
TOLD TO REMOVE TOOLS
Planing Mill Proprietors
Stand Firm Against De
mand of Union.
BUILDING TRADES
STRIKE NOW
IMPENDS
HERO OF SAN BENITO DISASTER
GIVEN GOLD BADGE OF COURAGE
Barling-- Breakers
to Save -Life
Brought Meed
FmHj Bine,
tremendous breaches over that part of the
hull that carried tHe foremast.
Brown saw the wreck from the light
house and at once went out. Several hun
dred persons were collected on the beach.
Brown could only persuade two men to
join him in his first attempt to save the
wrecked sailors. The four who had es
caped from tho wreck declared that ¦ it
was madness to put to sea in the only
available boat. Neither of the three heroes
—Brown, Pozondnovich nor Miller—be
longed to the life-saving service. The men
on the wreck were strangers to them.
The boat containing the three heroes
was pushed • through the surf by many
hands. Brown standing at the steering
oar and the other two rowing. - They
passed the inner rollers and rowed for
the wreck. Half of the distance was ac
complished when the current swept tho
boat to the northward. The. men In the
rigging of the San Benlto sent hoarse
cheers over the waves, but the first at
tempt to save them was fruitless. Brown
insisted on a second attempt, and Alfred
Cunningham and William . Caughen vol
unteered to go. With four men at the
oars no success, was had. In this attempt
the boat broached to and almost capsized.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
Free lectures given under the auspices
of the New York City department of edu
cation show an Increase in attendance of
18,673 during the last winter and spring,
as compared with the same period o£ a
year before.
and Ladies in Golden Gate
Asylum. x
The Drill Corps of Golden Gate Com
mandery Xo. 16, Knights Templar, gave
its annual dinner last nlsht in Comman
dery Hall on Sutter street. The dining
hall was tastefully decorated with the
banners and emblems of the order. The
Sir Knights were in full dress and the
ladies present were all In evening cos
tume. After an excellent menu bad been
discussed Colonel William Edwards, tho
commandant acting aa toastmaster. called
for responses to regular toasts, which
were: "Welcome," the toastmaster; "The
Commandery." R. McMillan: "The La
dies," R. B. Moore: "The Drill Corp3," H.
D. Loveland, and "Our Flag," Colonel F.
W. Sumner.
After the supper all retired to the largn
hall, where dancing was indulged in until
midnight, under the direction of R. Mc-
Millan, floor manager: R. J». Carson and
H. M. Furman. assistants, these being as
sisted by R. B. Moore. E. B. Cuttle.
George R. Armstrong and John Bennett,
the committe of arrangements.
Pleasant Gathering of Sir Knights
GOLDEN GATE'S DRiLL
CORPS AT A BANQUET
Professor Fryer is accompanied by Chtx
Kin How, a progressive young Chinese oC
the new school, the son of the richest mer
chant in Shanghai, who is a mandarin and
chief director of the Chinese Knsineerins
and Mining Company. "Chu Kin How."
said Professor Fryer, "has become so
thoroughly Imbued with American ideas
that he had his queue cut off before leav
ing hla home. When you remember the
rank of his father you will see how much
this means. Chu, Kin How will study at a
preparatory school until he- is able to
enter the University of California. He i3
particularly interested in commercial
studies.
"So* far as general war news Is con
cerned, I have no Information. There was
nothing authentic at Shanghai, and the
United States ia-in a better position to sret
the truth than people have at Shanghai.
I have no opinion on the present situation
in North China a a to the war itself."
"Trade at the great seaport towns Is at
a standstill. Li Huns Chans had not ar
rived at the time of my departure, so X
have no personal knowledge of hla inten
tions. He id a Chinese first of all, and if
anything is to be done for hla country,
the former Premier will do it."
tlve council for tho empire and rem
the most flagrant evil3. Until this Is d
there can be no permanent advance In .
Orient.
"Shanghai was quiet when I left." con
tinued Professor Fryer. "Shortly after
the first outbreak of the Boxers thers
was quite a panic among the natives in
that city. The ascendency of the for
eigners there Is so great that the Chinese
feared for their lives in case the trouble
should spread southward.
THE BEACHED SCHOONER AND HEB CREW.
SMALL CHANCE OF RAISING THE
NEPTUNE FROM THE SANDSA snake short-circuited the telegraph;
line of the Missouri. Kansas and Texaa
Railroad recently by climbing a pole ana
twining: his body about two wires?.
Open stake: First rouml— U*. C. Glaaaon 9
Santonin beat G. W. Heintz"s High Jtnk9, *-•:
J. Byrnes' Battleship beat F. Jones' Livanian.
7-0; Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon beat A. U.
Austin's Los Anffeles. 4-0; J. H.' Perils Bohe
beat A. L. Austin's Firm Foe, 4-0: Curtis &
Son's Narcissus beat Aeneirl Kennels' Aeneas.
5-0- E. M. Kellogs's Kid McCoy beat faptain
Cane's Miss Penman, 5-0; D. Toland'3 Pleasant
Girl beat Captain Cane's Master Davenport.
9-1: L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain beat D. Win
ders' Risky Attempt. 7-3: Captain Cane's Wan
dering Tom beat J. Potter's Palmflower. 7-3:
Erwin & L.yon'» Silver Wtnea beat D. Shan
non's Safeguard, 4-3; I*. F. Barrels' Bit
Brewer beat J. H. Peris-Vs La<iy Davenport.
6-3: Lowe & Thompson's Little FuUerton teat .
Curtis & Son's Maud S. 4-0; K. K. de BE Lopez's
Whitehead beat E. M. KcI'.obs's Iowa Koy.
6-0; J. Mailer's Swedish beat Jeff Martenett a
Slim. 7-3: Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat
Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon. 8-4: Lande &
Gerber's Mount Ida beat II. A. Deck.elman-«
Snapshot 3-0; B. W. Bartels' Mac's Melody
beat T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R. 8-0; J. V.
Thrift's Fonret beat W. D. Murphy's Crawford
Lass 8-1: Georre Whitney's Theron beat J.
Kennedy's Ever Sure. 4-2; H. A. Deckelman'a
Rocker beat W. Cairne's Imperial. 7-0;
J. H. Perlgo's Controller beat Jt*. Jackson's
Golden Russet. 4-1; J. R. Smith's Victor Queea
beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle. W: O. Parkin
son's Ben Lomond beat F. Schou's Smugger.
7-3: P. J. Rielly's Plough Boy beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Diablo, S-0: Lowe & Thompson's Scotch
Reel beat J. R. Smith's Jenny Wilson. 3-2; Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma beat C. B.
Charlesworth's Crawford Braes, 4-3: Connell
Brothers* St. Helen beat J. Holden's Scottish.
Chier. 8-5; J. Horn's Bona Fide beat B. Geary's
America, 15-1; R. E. do B. Lopez's Crawford
Lad beat H. A. Deckelman's Kanaka. *-4;
O'Shea Brothers' Golden Rule beat Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Mastic. 3-1: T. Tierney's T«a
Rose beat A. Johnson's Lowlander. S-O; Sterl
& Knowles' Ollta beat G. Nethercotf s Flood
gate. 8-2: O'Shea Brothers' Younff America beat
D. Byrne's Mollie Hogan. 8-1; II. A. Deckel
man's Ben Klrby beat T. J. Mclnemey's Re
eina R. 4-3; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory
beat E. M. Kellogx'B Iowa Maid. 6-1: J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael beat Walsh & Heenan'B
Sacramento Boy. 9-4: P. M. Clarkson's Head
water beat Kelly & Hauley's Baby Kin*. 10-1:
A Johnson's Tod Sloan beat Russell. Allen A
Wilson's Bella Claire. 8-1: Sterl & Knowle't For
Glory beat J. L. Ross' J L R. 5-0: T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Norah beat Curtis & Son's Old Glory.
5-1: E. D. Fallen's Lily of the West beat
Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller. 23-7: Lowo &
Thompson's Prince Hal beat R. E. da B
Lopez's MiTinle Wa Wa. 8-0: Russell, Allen &
Wilson'* Victor Boy beat Sterl & Knowtes
O'Hara. 8-5; II. Lynch' s Lexington beat Curtis;
& Son's* McKlnley. 6-0.
In contrast to the short runs through
out the day Lily of the West put up a
go that furnished no little excitement.
She was down on tha card against Uncle
Fuller and ths dogs were slipped to a
strong hare. Uly did not seem to join la
at all and her opponent rolled tip quits a
few points before sho had scored.
It looked like a hard game for Fallon's
many-time stake -winner, more so ¦when
the general poor condition of the hare»
was considered. The Lily finally started
on the game and took a point or two.
Close to the fence and around the "slip
pers* stand she worked the hard Jack and
kept her opponent from scoring until
when the flag was raised she had twen
ty-three points to her credit. Uncla Ful
ler had but seven points, nearly all of
which were made at the start, when It
looked certain that the Uly was beaten
pointless.
Plough Boy showed considerable speed
and has a chance to reach well down on.
the card.
Short ends were In evidence often^tne
best of which was the win of Bona Flda
from America at 4 to 1.
For Glory and Whitehead are fancied
for stake winner and are In good, posi
tions. ¦-¦^' -£\
The winners in the second round look to
be: Battleship. Bohe. Narcissus. Pleas
ant Girl. Wandering Tom. Beer Brewer.
Whitehead. Sleety Mist. Mac's Melody.
Theron, Controller, Plough Boy. Scotch
Reel, St. Helen. Golden Rule, Tea Rose.
Young America. St. Michael. Headwater.
For Glory. Prince Hal and Victor Boy.
In addition to the finals an eight-dog
champion stake will be run to-day. The
favorites are: The Grafter. Luxor. Green
hall and Sweet Emma, though their op
ponents are strong short ends. The day a
results, with Judge Andrew Dean's of
ficial scores, follow:
The hares used In th© first round
of the open stake at San Mateo Park
yesterday did not come up to tha
usual standard. The weather no
doubt had a bad effect on them and but
few of th© bunch were lively enough to
give the hounds much exercise. In con
sequence many of the courses were far
from being fair testa of speed. On sev
eral occasions Judge Dean sent the dogs
back to the slips on account of the Jacks
refusing to move along and his action
was applauded by the spectators.
Short-Ends Make a Fair Showing in
Open Stake at San Mateo — Prob
able Winners for
To-Day.
Lily of the West Shows ;
Great Speed Against
Uncle Fuller.
SLEEPY HARES
GIVE THE DOGS
SHORT COURSES
: The Paris Exposition of 1878 Is commem
orated ; by i the Trocadero; and that of 1SS9
byi the J Eiffel'; tower; t>oth \ of "which * form
Dart of '. the present exhibition.: * '
A. P. "Wilbur, a printer, ! died suddenly
in a chair at 532 Merchant street yester
day afternoon. Ho complained of pains
above his heart and was soon dead. Wil
burn was 50 years of age. *
Printer Dies Suddenly.
Something new. in the spite fence: folly
Is reported from Elizabeth. »N.J., where
an * outbreak of virulent; diphtheria in a
family is attributed by the attending phy
sfclan to the dampness t caused -; in -the
house by . a fence > nearly . sixty ; feet long
and at one • point thirty feet high; built
bv a next-door neighbor. ..." ...
. OAKLAND,: Aug. 11.— Antone- Schwartz;
a car repairer, 1 had'both legs crushed be
tween, two freight '.cars- while; at work In
the ;.West\Oakland ; yards j yesterday. :., Hig
injuries are .thought ; to : be fatal.- Schwartz
was removed-; to the railroad hospital in
San Francisco. .
Crushed Between Cars.
The capltol police wear natty uniforms
of bluo cloth adorned with brass buttons
and, taken altogether, are' 1 an ; attractive
body of men. One of these public • ser
vants, a rather young and good looking
man, ' was greatly ' embarrassed the other
day by a handsome young, creature from
Virginia, -who, tripping gayly up to him:
pinned . a handsome , rose to , the lapel - of
his coat. .' ¦-<: ¦ .- ¦'¦¦-'¦•-'¦ ¦•'-:,•'
"Take that with my. gratitude." she said
theatrically,^ "my country's defender.
defender, miss?" echoed -the
astonished man. v • ,, ' «
: : "Yes,", replied the enthusiastic ¦ young
woman; ."you-have got a* new uniform on,
but , for : all . that you •¦ look ' brave i and JL
know « you were in the thick of : the tight
at' Santiago." r - • : , ', " -
¦>'. It •» was •¦ useless to > attempt ; an: explana
tion with bo determined a hero worshiper,
and the member of the capitol police force
I beat s, a > hasty , retreat; " still : wearing; his
rose.— New York Tribune.- ¦- ;¦
Honored His Uniform.
. OAKLAND, Aug.- 11.— Articles of Incor
poration have been tiled by . the Pacific
Motor Company. ; Its chief object -will be
to manufacture vehicles to be propelled
-by 'gasoline, steam,": compressed air, alco
hol or : electricity. -The company holds
patents for a petroleum carbureter, a va
riable speed device and an Improved va
porizer. -
v The- directors, John;T. Bradley, Hiram
T. Bradley, J. L. Doble, J. B. McChesney
and "J.- Frank Smith.- have each subscribed
$1000 to ¦: the capital stock, which is fixed
at $100,000. • - .- r"
To Build Automobiles.
PORTLA.ND, ; Me., Aug. 11.— Harry Var
don,: the; English golfer, played a thirty
six, hole ¦¦ match with "Alex Findlay of Bos
ton on the links of the Portland Golf Club
to-day, Vardon winning six up and 1 four
to play. .
Vardon Wins,
FLYCASTERS MAKE GOOD
RECORDS AT STOW LAKE
Brotherton Captures I/ong-Distance
and Muller the Accuracy Event
With Ease.
The San Francisco Flycastlng'Club hold
Its eleventh ' Saturday %* contest at Stow
Lake yesterday. There was a light west
wind blowing^- which made It a fairly good
day for the sport, but the attendance was
not up to the usual standard. .•
In the long-distance event Brotherton
made 116 feet. Reed taking second place
with 106 feet and Brooks third with 105
feet. In the accuracy, event Muller got
tho highest score with 95 per cent, Battu
second with 93 8-12 per cent and Young
third with 93 2-12 per cent. In the delicacy
event Young secured first place . with
83 S-12 per cent,* Edwards second with
83 1-12 per cent and Brotherton third with
82 2-12 per cent. .
Following are the scores in full: .
It has often been noticed that there are
no animals which are more dainty and
fastidious In their:- personal habits than
insect3, the extreme pains which the com
mon house. My takes in attending to = its
toilet being a good example of the racial
characteristic. The discovery has now
been made that certain insects have such
a respect for Mrs. Grundy and are en
dowed with such an innate love of neat
ness and order that not even death, or
rather, decapitation, can prevent them
from making one grand flnal toilet, which
Is clearly designed to. give, them a sedate
and respectable appearance after death. ,-. - •-
Dr. Bullion, a skillful entomologist, has
discovered this remarkable fact. "During
one of my recent horseback rides," he
says, "1 frequently caught one of those
large flies which annoy cattle and. horses
so much and l promptly got rid of It by
crushing its head. One day, instead of
throwing the mutilated insect away, I
placed it on the back of my hand and In
dolently f watched It. For some seconds
the insect remained motionless, but then,
to my unbounded surprise, it moved fts
front legs forward to the place: where
the heau should have- been and, after- it
had rubbed them nervously' together, ap
parently in anguish, it began to brush Us
body and to smooth. its wings with its
hind legs. Under '- the. gentle pressure of
these limbs the body gradually became
extended and the extremity curved, while
the wings gradually .changed ; their ¦ nat
ural position and left the upper part of
tho body exposed. . Meanwhile- the -hind
legs : continued to : brush each other- from
time to time. •* Naturally I watched this
extraordinary sight '. with ¦„• great Interest
and in order to see the finale I took^ the
Insect into my study, where, it lived an
entire day, spending the time at the un
grateful task of making its own funeral
toilet." v
Out for the Last Rites,
MAKE THEIR FUNEEAI TOUjET.
Decapitated Insscts Lay Themselves
IjONDON, Aug. 11.— Twenty thousand
persons witnessed the annual sports of
the Celtic Football Club at Glasgow to
day. Among the American athletes who
entered were \V. K. Tewksbury of the
Vnivcrrity of Pennsylvania, who won the
lift-yard handicap In 12 seconds, and Max
woil Ixing of the New York Athletic Club
¦won the quarter-mile handicap In 50 sec
ends, breaking the Scottish record.
America 7i Athletes Win.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The I,ong Island
tennis championship contest at Southamp
ton was brought to a close this afternoon
on the ecCTt« of th* Mpadowbrook Club
v.ith . the series of English-American
matches. A. W. Gore, the English expert,
•won hi? contest over Richard Stevens In
the singles, but th* Americans captured
the other two matches, W. A. Larned
xrtnr.'.ng over K. D. Black in the singles
and Robert Wrorm nnd Ollia Campbell
paining a victory In the doubles over Gore
and Black, who were paired for this
ev*>r.t.
English-American singles— A. W. Gore
beat Rlchnrd Stevens. C-t. 6-1; W. A. Lar
eo<S beat-E. D. Black. 6-1. G-2.
ErrgliFh-American doubles — R. D. "Wrenn
and OH'.e Campbell beat A. W. Qore and
E. D. Black. 6-4, C-4.
Americans Triumph in the
Doubles.
Englisliman Wins the Singles, While
TZimiS TOTJRNALIENT.
Tournament — Revolver Shots
Likely to Have a Matcn.
Since the election of Captain F. At
tlnger as president of the National
Schuetzenbund the committees are get
ting down to work In earnest, preparing
for the big rifle tournament. Already a
number of valuable prizes are offered for
competition in the several events. Tho
last to come to the front Is the San
Francisco Schuetzen Vt-reln. At a special
meeting, held on Friday evening, th© club
donated $300 cash to be competed for on
the honorary target, twenty-flve rings,
three-shot tickets. During the coming
week a number of the other clubs will
hold meetings and appropriate money to
the funds of the bund. .- :
; On Sunday, September 2 the San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein will hold its forty
second annual grand' prize. shooting festi
val on the Shell Mound range. Cash
prizes to the amount of $375 are offered.
Of this sum $151 50 is offered for the best
centers, the twenty prizes running from
$25 to $1 50. A like amount is offered for
the most points on the point target. On
this target $65 Is also offered In premiums
to be divided among ue shooters making
the most flags on thirty-shot tickets.
There are fifteen In all, running from $1)
to fl, ties to be decided on the most blue
flags. The first and last flags in the
forenoon and afternoon will win J2 50 and
$1 prizes.
There Is a movement on hand to bring
about a military or target revolver match
between local and Eastern marksmsn.
Interest in this class of sport has in
creased wonderfully of late and several
propositions have been suggested looking
to a contest between representatives of the
extreme East and West. It Is well j
known that some of the best shots in the
United States can be found in this city,
but they have never had an opportunity
to come into competition with the experts
of any other community. Such compe
tition, however, would have to be shot on
the home range of each contesting team
and the results forwarded by wire. A
number of well-known revolver enthu
siasts have been discussing this subject
lately and have arrived at the conclusion
that a match can be arranged.
Few men care to shoot for glory and
from a reliable source it is learned that
an appropriate trophy will be forthcom
ing as soon as some of the preliminaries
can be arranged. The proposition Is to
have the match handled by an impartial
committee, composed of representatives
of the local revolver shooting clubs, the
National Guard and any other body.
These gentlemen will decide upon tho
general outlines of a suitable contest^ and
Invite all who desire to compete for a
place on the team, which is likely to bo
composed of about ten men. Of course.
If any should happen to fall to come to
the scratch the highest on the reserve list
would step In and take his place. The
next move would he. to challenge any
team of the East, :>o arranging that
localities would be assembled, thus pre
venting the pick of several Eastern com
munities from lining up against San
Francisco. It Is expected that within a
short time a meeting r.t those locally in
terested will be held and . preliminaries
arranged. Such a match would be of
preat interest throughout the United
States and might be the means of get
ting several contests with a number of
Eastern teams. .¦".•,¦
Great Interest in the Coming Bund
MONEY OFFERED FOR
RIFLEMEN'S PRIZES
Thomas ¦ Thomson, - of the Thomson
Bridge Company, is in the city from Los
Angeles. He brings some items of inter
est regarding the construction of the
breakwater at San Pedro. His company'
has the contract for the construction of
the trestle-work, of which there is to be
S500 feet of double track and 1900 feet of
single. Great difficulty Is being experi
enced In driving the piles, on account of
the existence of a'solid sheet of rock un
derlying the bed 'of the ocean and which
it is necessary to drill and blast before
the piles can be driven. Thus far 650 feet
of piling has been driven, over 500 of which
was placed In twenty-one days. This
sounds well, but It took seventeen days
to drive the first twenty piles upon which
the construction platform was placed.
The company has a plant a half mile out
in the sea, from which the trestle Is being
built from each direction.
The California Construction Company
has the original contract, which involves
about three million dollars, and is work
ing the Declez quarry 'with . 300 men and
nine derricks. The rock is conveyed sev
enty miles before being dumped and the
contract calls for the dumping of 10,000
tons in the first month after the begin
ning of real construction and 35,000 tons
for each succeeding month until the com
pletion, of the work. Mr. Thomson does
not say so, but there is every indication
that thes contracting company will fail to
begin the real construction of the break
water> according to the agreement, and
there are severe penalties for such offense.
Three Million' Dollars' "Worth, of
Bock and Labor Will ' Go to
Make the Great Harbor
&**'¦;¦; Wall. •• •/ . •- v
Contractors Meet Unexpected
3 Difficulty in Opening
Work.
BREAKWATER AT
SAN PEDRO IS
BEING PLANTED
Noted Golf -Player Arrives.
NEW YORK, Aug. ll.-J. H. Taylor, the
champion golf . player, was a passenger
on the Cunard line steamship Etrurla
which arrived here to-night. Taylor came
here to meet the crack players of this
side. ¦ '.
Bicycle Records Broken.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11,-John Nel
pon of Chicago to-day defeated Archie
McEachern of Canada in a thirty-mile
motor-paced bicycle race at Woodslde
Park : track, v Nelson broke every record
from one to thirty miles with, the excep
tion of those for one, two and twenty
live miles. Nelson's time for the thirty
miles was 48;02 2-5. The. previous record
was 50:20 2-5,* held ty Elkes.
the Jeannie colt in the Leigh, Park plate
of 103 sovereigns for two-year-olds, five
furlongs; King Thorpe in the Friday sell
ing handicap of 103 sovereigns for three
year-olds and upward, one mile: King's
Courier in the Newton cup of 40 sover
eigns, a handicap for. three-year-olds and
upward, one and a: quarter miles; and
Elamlslaagto in the two-year-old plate
The, Wigwam plate of 103 sovereigns for
two-year-olds and upward of six furlongs
was won by Melanlte filly, guided by
Rigby.
At the Lewes summer meeting to-day
the Lewes handicap of 500 sovereigns, one
and a half miles, was won by Santos
Spectrum, ridden by J. Relff, came in
second.
Pilots Eour Winners at the Maddock
Park Races.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— At the Maddock
Park August meeting to-day L. Relff had
the mount on four winners. These were
EEIFF AGAIN SUCCESSFUL.
DETROIT, Aug. 11.— First game: Detroit. 2;
Buffalo, 1. Second game: Detroit, 5; Buffalo, 4.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 11.— Milwaukee. 6; Kan
sas City. 5. Tie game.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 11.— Minneapolis, 1;
Chlcapo, 5.
INDIANAPOLIS, Augr. ' 11.— Indianapolis,. 2;
Cleveland, 4. Second game: Cleveland, 6; 'In
dianapolis, 4. >
American League Games.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11. — Donohue'a pitching was
entirely too gilt-edg-ed for the Cnlcagoe to-day
and they were Bhut out. Attendance, 2200.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 0 5 1
Philadelphia 2 71
Batteries— Taylor and Donohue; Donahue and
Murphy. Umpire— Terry.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11.— Hughey had Brooklyn
completely at hl3 'mercy to-day. Attendance,
41C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.'
Pt. Louis .'.8- 14 . 1
Brooklyn .............:. 1' S '4
' Batteries— HuKhey and Robinson; 'Kennedy,
Hcwell and McGuire. Umpire— Emslle. ¦.-
CINCINNATI. Aug. 11.— Hawley was in great
, form to-day and shut out the locals. .Attend
ance, COO. Score:
Cincinnati 0 3 i
New Tork 19 0
Batteries — Hahn find Kahoe; Hawley and
Grady. Umpire— Swartwood.
PITTSBUIIG,- Aug. 11.— Pittsburg outplayed
Boston at every point to-day. Attendance,
tlGO. Score:; ;;v*; (
Clubs- R. H. E.
Pittsburg 6 9 2
Boston 1 5 : 3
Batteries— Chesbro and O'Connor; Lewis and
"\V. Clark. Umpire — O'Day.
Clubs— VT. I* Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 64 32 .627 Boston 43 45 .4S8
Flttsburf? ...4S 49 .545 St. Louis S3 46 .459
Philadelphia 47 40 .540! Cincinnati ...39 BO .433
Chicago .....44. 44 .500'New York.. ..34 49 .409
Windy City Team Completely Shut
Out in the Game With Phila
delphia. ¦
, CORRECT STANDING' OF THE CLUBS.
DONOHUE'S PITCHING TOO
• STRONG FOR CHICAGO
'"Jeffries is the only man in the world I
wouiO l:k*» to meet find beat. I fought him
when he was but a fourth class man. Luck
was his way at the tire*- and he whipped
roe. 1 should like very much to accommo
date Jeffries with a tight, and feel confl
rient 1t v.i'l be quite possible to do ?o be
fore September "l. 1 have posted J2300 to
meet Tom Sharkey on the night of August
£5. N'ext Tuesday it will be decided before
wh:ch r'.uh we will meet. I feel confident
of beating Sharkey, and If I come out of
the iifrht as dean as I did In my f.ght
¦with Ruhlin I *ha51 be pleased to meet
Jeffrirs l*-forc- September I in this city,
allowing him to dictate terms, he to take
€5 per cent, win.cr lose, if he Ip afraid to
meet n.e on a ba«lR of th<» winner to take
all. I know I can be at him. He Is a good
man. but the vietorv over me at Coney
l«lan<3 was the result of lurk. I shall
strain be champion of the world."
"If Fitzsimmons should beat me on Au
gust 25 1 Trill waive ray match with Shar
teey to him ard in this way it can be very
r5»*asantly fhewn -who is the champion."
When told of ihe etnternent made by
Jeffries that he would like to arrange a
fijrht with Fitzsimmons and Sharkey
KitTisiir.mons said to-night:
"If lit claims that it would not be Jus
tice to Bbarkey to declare the present
match off between the sailor and him I
want to make a somewhat novel proposi
tion. I will light both Fitzsimmons and
Sharkey before September 1, Kitzsim
mons Jim en or about August 23 and
feharkey August 2L This jiropositlon is
made with the view of giving Fitzsim
nons the chance he claims he wants to
Teccv?r the championship and not to do
Sharkcy any wrong by shutting: him out
<if his chance to battle for the title. If by
Tuesday I have received no favorable an
t-wer from Kuzfinurons I rhall discontinue
training and refuse to meet any one until
about June 1. 190L
With Ruhiln, who was the logical can
didate for a championship battle, out of
the way, four men are left who might
want to battle with Jeffries— Fitzslmmons,
Sharkey, Corbett and McCoy. All of these
are matched, their money Is posted and
uot one of them would allow the other to
break uis engagement and fight the cham
pion. ~.
Jeffries, In his letter, says that when he
lougrht Fitzsimmons the laiter's managdr
forced him to give Co per cent of the purse,
win or lose, and in order to obtain the
chance he agreed to this. Since then, he
eays, he holds that h-* is emitleo. to a
similar division « he agrees to niGCt Fitz
elmmons again.
In the lener he says: "If Kltzslmmons
will meet mo before September 1 I will
i4?ree that the winner taKe all or that the
purse be divided. 50 per cent to the winner
and 25 i>er cent to the loser.
James J. Jeffries, champion pugilist of
The world, to-day Issued an open letter.
In which he says he Is anxious to give
Pltzslniraons and Tom Bharkey each a
chance for the championship before Sep
tember 1 and states that he proposes to
<io It.
Barring a slight bruise over the. left
«3'e, l^izslmmons looked none the worse
for the blows of Ruhllu.
Ruhlln's collapse after the fight gave
rise to many ser.satlor.al rumors. One of
these was that Runlln had died aa the re
isiilt ct the injuries sustained in the bat
tle. Although It is true that Ruhiln was
¦very 121 for eeveral hours, his life was
"never despaired of.
JCEW YORK, Aug. n.— With Ms face
brcJsea and discolored, his rlg-ht eye al
nicet closed and his nose flattened out,
Gus Ruhlin walked about his training
¦Quarters at Bay Ridge to-day, wondering
3jow it all happened. The biff Ohio fighter
appeared to be quite weak. In Eplte of his
appearance, Kublln said he felt all right,
And in the same breath expressed a de
sire for another bout with Fitzslmmons.
Kuilin 3Ias Uncovered From. th.e Ef
fects of His Beating and Says
He Would Lik« a
B«ttira Match.
Champion Issues a Chal
lenge to the Aus
tralian.
JEFFRIES IS
READY TO FIGHT
FITZSIMMONS
Running, six and a half furlones,- purse $100—
Loeonomo. 105, Red Iron-Lily W (Sutherland);
won: aicFarland. 102 (Goedey). second; Sea
Spray. 115 (Hazard), third. Time, 1:21. Whit
comb also ran.
Running, five-eighths mile, curse $100— Roy
M, 115, Jack nrady-Dolly Varden (Brown),
won; Limber Jim, lie (Breedey).' second; Gun
dara. 115 (Narvaer.). third. Time. l:02V4." Sis
ter Emma, George \V and Jessie O also ran.
2:12 trot, purse 1600— Hazel Kinney. by Inca
<P. \V. Hodges). Time, 2:18. S«cond trial heat,
2:14%.
The last running race, G^ furlongs, was
won by Loconomo, a 3 to - favorite, with
McFarland a close second at* 2 to 1; Sea
Spray, even, was third. Summaries:
1 2:14 class pace, purse $G00, mile heats, three
In five: ...
Flti Lee, by Altarnodt (J. Sullivan) 1 11
Toddy the Roan (J. W. Ponatiian)...... 2 2 S
Mollle Nounse CE. B. Smith). 3 3 2
Wilhclmina <\V. O. Durfee)........ ...... .4 4 4
Time— 2:1SV4. 2:17. 2:1C<4.
The next race, a 2:12 trot, was a walk
over for Hazel Kinncy, who in the trial
heat went the mile in 2:18, but asked the
judges for another trial heat, which she
made in 2:14%. .
The third race, a running five-eighths of
a mile, was won by Roy M., who was fa
vorite at even money; Limber Jim second,
Gundara third.
RED BLUFF. Aug. 11.— The races
closed here to-day with a large attend
ance at the track, and a good programme
¦was on for the afternoon. .The first race,
a 2:14 class pacing, opened 8 to 10 on the
favorite, Fltz Lee, who took the flrst
three heats in grand style; Teddy the
Roan was a close second, and Mollio
Xourse third. The favorite closed 4 to 1<>.
This was a pretty race, as all four
horses. came in close together In each
heat.
With Little Difficulty.
Hazel Xinney Wins the 2:12 Trot
GOOD SPOET AT RED BLUFF.
2:25 trot, purse $3000 — Mr. Middlemay won in
straight heats. Time, 2:16 s i. 2:16*4, 2:1S. Red
June. Flashlight, Cleora, Annie Trevillan and
Indiana Girl also started.
Match race, purse $1000 — Cresceus won in two
straight heats. Time, 2:06^i, 2:07%.
C. K. Billingrs trotted his mare Lucille
to a wagon, lowering her record of 2:09»4
to 2;09V4.the fastest amateur record hereto
fore being 2:03*4- The mare was paced by
a runner. Summaries:
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Before a slim
crowd this afternoon at the Washington
Park racetrack Crescous demonstrated
his claim to the title of the fastest trot
ting stall'.on in the country by beatinp
Tommy Britton in straight heats. A
slijrht rain made the track lightning fast,
and in the first heat a local record was
broken, Cresceus reeling off the mile In
2:03%. Cresotus simply played with the
Chicagro horse, beating him as far as he
wanted to.
CRESCEUS EASILY
PASSES TOMMY BRITTON
DETROIT. Aug. 11.— Weather fine;
track fast at Highland Park. Results:
Six fuiirngs— Sprirjrwells won, Raleton eec
ond. Doublet third. Time. 1:12%.
Five furlongs— Gray Fally won. The Cooper
se«?ond. Bill Massle third. Time. 1:02.
One mile — McGrathlana Prince won. Kitty
Rp«?enl second. Lady of the West third. Time,
1:41.
The Oakland handicap, one mile and an
efsrhth— Bell Punch won. Free Lance second,
Chopin third. Time. 1:&4.
Five furlongs — Compass won. Lizzie A second.
Donna Seay third. Time, 1:01%.
Six furlongs— Quaver won. Fairy Bell second,
Crinkle third. Time. l:14 l ,i.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11.— ResuHs at the
Fair Grounds:
Mile and three-sixteenths, selllnfr— Gilbert
won, Joe Grady second, Sadie Levy third. Time,
2:04.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Celtic Bard won.
Brldgeton second, Kitty Clyde third. Time,
l:K%. ¦
Six furlongs, sellir.g-Gravei won, Veloce sec
ona W. B. Gates third. Time, 1:17H.
Missouri eelllns stakes, for two-year-olds,
•six furlongs — Wall won, Sardou second, Ade
lante third. Time. 1:15%.
Handicap, mile and an eighth— Havlland won,
Ohnet second. Pinochle third. Time, 1:48.
One mile— Banish vron, Triadltza second,
Malay third. Time. 1:4^4. >..'
One mile — LIbble won. Two Annies second,
Eugenie S third. Time, 1:45%.
DETROIT, Aug. 11— Results at Wind
sor:
Six and a. half furlongs— Miss Redwood won.
Rldeau second. Acushla third. Time, 1:22.
Six furlonps— Benckart won, Dolly Wagner
second, llorsa third. Time. 1:16.
One mile and a quarter— Miss Soak won. Out
burst second. Prince Zeno third. Time, 2:10.
Six furlongs — Innovator won. Beguile second.
Expelled third. Time, 1:15. -j
Steeplechase, short course— Lord Faronaole
won, Nicholas second, Zufalllff third. Time,
2:. r .3. • ' -
One mile and twenty yards — Clara Wooley
¦won. May Ella second. Little Reggie third-
Time. l:«H-
CHICAGO, Aug. 1L— Eva Rice and Pink
Coat were the only starters In the Fort
Dearborn stakes to-day. The rain ceased
Just long enough to allow Miss Bennett
to break the track record by half a sec
ond In the second race. Results:
Six furlongs— Elm W won. Miss Ehanley sec
ond. Carl C third. Time, 1:15 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs — Miss Bennett won,
Moneymuss second. Fairy Day third. Tim?,
"'dne mile and a flxteenth— Bangle won. Wax
second. Nobleman third. Time. 1:50*4-
One rr.llf. Fort Dearborn stakes— Pink Coat
¦won, Eva Rice wcond. Time, 1:41 3-5.
Six furlong*— Mapple Davis won, Boney Boy
second, Georple third. Time, 1:14 2-5.
One mile and 100 yard?— Branch won. Blue
Lick second. Papa Harry third. Time. 1:47 1-5.
One mile — Datrmar won. Dandy H second.
Walkenshaw third. Time, 1:44.
SARATOGA. N. Y.. Aug. 11.— Charenlus
won the Kearney handicap hea.t race at
six furlongs to-day In two straight heats.
In the first heat he had to be ridden out
to beat the early pacemaker, Mr. Jersey,
but in the second Charentus' superior
condition and staying powers enabled
him to assume command at the end ci
the first three furlongs and he won the
heat and race easily by a length and a
half. llr. Jersey hung on gamely and
finished second, half a length in front or
Gonfalon, who ran disappointingly, ine
closing race resulted In a close finish be
tween the California colt. Advance
Guard, who was making his flrst appear
ance on an Eastern track this season,
and Mayor Gilroy, the verdict going to
Advance Guard by a nose. Results:
Five and a half furlongs — Edgrefleld ¦— pn.
Farmer Bennett eecond, Snark third. Time,
l'{!$%
One. mile and an eighth. Belllng-Corapensa
tion won. Prejudice second. Precursor third.
The Kearney handicap, best two In three,
tlOOO added, six furlongs— First heat: Charen
tus won. Mr. Jersey eecond, Sanders third.
Time, 1:13*4. Second heat: Charentus won,
Mr. Jersey second. Gonfalon third. Time,
1:13*4.
Handicap, fix furlongs— Far Rockaway won.
Gold HeeU second, Inshot third. Time. 1:13%.
One mile— Advance Guard won. Mayor Gil
roy eecond. Waring third. Time. 1:40.
diaxentus, Hard . Pressed by Mr.
Jersey, Takes the Kearney Han
dicap in Two Straight
Seats.
California Colt Wins From
Mayor Gilroy in a Close
Finish.
GOOD WORK OF
ADVANCE GUARD
AT SARATOGA
LATEST EVENTS OF SPORTING WORLD
HANDSOME PRIZES FOR
WINNERS AT DEL 'MONTE
Whitton Secures Appointment.
OAKLAND. Aug. 11— Herbert B. Whit
ton,'son of C. F. Whitton,- an official court
reporter of the Alameda County Superior
Court, has been appointed official sten
ographer of the Superior Court ' of Napa
.County.; ;¦ --— - : ¦ ¦ : ¦ \
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Ellen Norman, a
domestic, 60 years of age, living at 659
Harrison street, was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital this morning suffering great
agony from the lodgment of something In
her throat.. After, great difficulty Dr.
Stratton removed a bone splinter an inch
in length. v$S33£awRSSH9-MGS&8SE
Choked by a Bone Splinter.
The water polo team of the West Oak
land club has won the second game 'of
their series with the Y. M. C. A. by a
score of 4 to 0.
- The gymnasium classes of the Reli
ance Club will reopen on September 1. ¦
If a suitable barge can be secured for
practice. . the University of California
Boat Club will be represented In the Ad
mission day repratta by a junior crew.
- In their fourth game of the season the
Pacific cricket .team defeated • the Ala
meda team by, 12 runs.
evening the Y. M. C. A. wheelmen
had their annual watermelon run. They
rode to Bower's ranch, near the San Le
andro road, where a watermelon feasi
awaited them. Otto Kurtz was the
leader of the run.
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— The California
yachtsmen will have a cruise and clam
bake at Angel Island this evening and
to-morrow.
ATHLETIC HAPPENINGS
IN ALAMEDA COUNTY
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper S. Fitzpatrlck
4. Three-base hit— Sullivan. Two-base hits—
Hlldebrand. Fitzpatrlck. Sacrifice hits—Har
por, Strelb, Babbitt, Pabst. Levy, Hlldebrand.
Double plays— Courtney to Pace to Moore;
Rellly to Krug to Pabst. First base on errors —
San Francisco 3. Left on bases — Stockton 8.
San Francisco 7. First base on called balls—
Oft Harper 5. off Fltzpatrlck 8. Struck out— By
Harper 3, by Fltzpatrlck 1. Wild pitch—Har
per. .Time of same — 2 hours and 15 minute*.
Umpire — Jack O'Connell. Official scorer — A. H.
Harlln.
Totals S3 9 11 1 27 15 1
RUNS. AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton ......:... 0 20000 4 20—4
Base hits 1 20101120—8
San Francisco ....4 0 0 1 3 0 0 " 1 ¦ •— 9
Base hits 2 10 14 0 12 •— 11
Totals !l9 4 8 0 24 14 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhofT. c. f 3 2 10 2 0 0
Hlldebrand. r. f 3 2 2 110 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 110 14 0
Pabst. lb.J 4 0 1 0 15 1 0
Sullivan, c 4 1 2 0 2 1 1
1-evy. 1. f... 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Km*, ss 4 12 0 2 2 0
Hellly, 3b 4 110 2 6 0
Fitzjiatrick. p 4 1 1 0 0 1 0
AB. R. BH. SB? PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f B 0 0 0 0 0 1
McGucken. c. f 5 0 10 8.00
Pace, c 2 0 0 0 4 y 2 0
Streib. r. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Lockhead, ss 4 12 0 112
Babbitt. 2b 12 10 14 0
Moore. 3b 3 1 1 0 2 5 0
Courtney, lb 2 0 1 0 11 1 1
Harper, p 3 0 2 0 110
STOCKTON.
STOCKTON. Aug. 11.— The wooden shoe
aggregation bunched their hits In two in
nings this afternoon and defeated the
Stocktons 9 to 4. Both pitchers Were gen
erous in the distribution of free transpor
tation, but Fitzpatrlck was the' more lib
eral. Babbitt made a most phenomenal
left-hand stop of an apparently safe hit
and threw the runner out at first. Score:
Stockton Defeated.
Sacramento .......'...4.0 1 0 0 C 0 0 0 0—5
Base hits.... ....... ;0 2 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 0-5
Oakland '..... .........0 21110000 1-6
Base hits .t.O 2 1110 10 0 1—1
• " SUMMARY.
Huns responsible for— Dqyle 3, Borchers 1.
Home run— Francks. Sacrifice hit— Doyle. First
base on errors— Sacramento 3. Oakland 1. First
base on called balls — Sacramento 4. Oakland 6.
Left on bases — Sacramento 7. Oakland 5. Struck
out— By Doyle 6. by Borchei- 9. Hit by pitcher—
Devereaux. Double plays— Stultz to Eagan to
Hanlon: Doyle to Hanlon. Time of game— 2
hours 12 minutes. Umpire — Donohue. Official
scorer — J. W. Stapleton.
HITS ANT> RUNS BY INNINGS.
Totals 34 6 7 3 30 9 3
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 4 1 0 0 4 0 «
Hutchlnson. lb...".... 4 0 1-0 7 0 I
Francks, s. a 4 2 112 2 1
Arrellanes, 2b........ 3 1114 3 0
Borchers, P .4 12 10 3 1
Weed, 3b. 4 0 0 0 10 0
Held, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Bowman/'If....- 3 1 1 0 0 0 1
Mangerlna, c 4 0 1 C 11 1 0
Totala 36 5 5 5 r>8 U 2
•One out when winning run was made.
OAKLAND.
Devereaux. Sb 3 1110 0 0
Eagan, s. s... ........ 3 I 10 1 9 1
Hughes, cf 5 0 0 0 10 0
Hanlon. lb 6 11 1 11 0 0
Stanley, c 4 12 16 0 1
Doyle. P 3 0 0 0 12 0
Stultz, 2b 4 0 0 0 5 3 0
Pitt, rf 4 0 0 0 10 0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, If .. 5 1 0 2 2 0 0
The Dudes started to push men over the
plate in the second, and when the fifth
Inning was reached had the score tied. No
heart tremors were permitted the fans
until the tenth, when Francks stole four
bases on a drive by him to the fence. The
ball stuck between two boards, despite
Pitt's frantic efforts to remove It. The
score is:-
SACRAMENTO.
Mr. Krancks, the Dude who does the
shortstop turn for Cal Ewlng during the
Saturday and Sunday diamond matinees,
worked a Joker on the Senators yesterday
at Recreation grounds and won the game
for trailing Oakland. For five Innings the
Scoreboard read "five all," and there was
every indication that the match would
be prolong-ed into the eleventh Inning.
Then Mr. Krancks did a stick stunt that
ended a game that was neither good nor
bad.'
The first part of the game was slow.
Even Lou Hardie in the grand stand fell
asleep trying to remember other days, and
there were two men in attendance who
had to be told that a baseball game was
In progress. But after the fifth runs were
not on the card and errors were slighted.
All kinds of new men were seen In the
game. Oakland tried a select pair of
tyros— Weed, the third baseman, and Bow
man In left field. Weed made a "rank,
unweeded garden" of his error patch
around the third, sack and Bowman al
lowed four runs in the first Inning by
dropping a fly. With the bags crowded
Borchers struck out Hughes and Hanlon.
Then Stanley sent one heavenward, but
Bowman, could not hold on after the run.
and the sacks were promptly cleared of
Senatorial ornament. When the Inning
was over McLaughlin, Devereaux, Eagan
and Stanley had crossed the rubber and
not a single hit was registered. In the
third Sacramento added another run to
the list.
Oakland 6, Sacramento 5.
Peculiar Kind of Baseball Seen at
Recreation Grounds, Oakland
Taking the Measure of ;
the Champions.
Francks "Fluked" a Home
Run Which Put Senators
on Short End.
EXTRA INNING
GAME IS WON BY
TAIL ENDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
which come off to permit the slipping In
of the large % green quarts of "bubble
water." They are appropriately engraved
with polo scenes. The pony prize cups
have horses' heads for handles and the
golf cups are also beflttlngly decorated
with golf clubs and the like.
The lucky ones In this tournament of
general sport ¦will bring away from Del
Monte handsome mementos of their ath
letic prowess.
sports will mean something more than
this to the winners. Silver, cups of ex
quisite design will be the general guerdon
to the victorious. -
All the prizes are more or less similar
In nature. They are sterling silver of the
latest finish, a dark oxidized gray being
the prevailing color. They were specially
manufactured by Shreve & Co. from ap
proved designs. The polo prizes are four
champagne bottle holders, the bottoms of
THE winners In the various tourna
ments and competitions that will en
gage the attention and athletic en
ergy of the polo players, golf devotees and
per.tleman riders at Del Monte next week
are of unusual beauty and value. For
every event some prize has been offered.
Although the majority of the pony races
have money prizes affixed, the greater
number of events on the. programme or
TROPHIES FOB WINNING SPORTSMEN AT DEL MONTE.
32
§3 *9
Event No. a.
| . Delicacy.
name. •*• s$la s- s^
¦ • . . • <-? .
' ; . 3 : ; : ;;'-•>
Battu 87 93.8 91 70 80.6
Brotherton .....116 86.4 91 73.4 82.2
Brooks... 108] 7.1 86.8 70 ' 78.4
Rd wards 100 81.4 90.4 75.10 83.1
Mullcr ..103 93 78 ¦: 76.8 77.4
Young ....;.: '.. 98. 6 9S.4 96 73. « 83.8
Miller 83 "¦¦ 84.8 ¦¦: 77.8 64.2 70.9
Keed ....106' 92. S - 86.S 73.4 80/.
§3 *9
Event No. a.
| . Delicacy.
name. •*• s$la s- s^
¦ • . . • <-? .
' ; . 3 : ; : ;;'-•>
Battu 87 93.8 91 70 80.6
Brotherton .....116 86.4 91 73.4 82.2
Brooks... 108] 7.1 86.8 70 ' 78.4
Rd wards 100 81.4 90.4 75.10 83.1
Mullcr ..103 93 78 ¦: 76.8 77.4
Young ....;.: '.. 98. 6 9S.4 96 73. « 83.8
Miller 83 "¦¦ 84.8 ¦¦: 77.8 64.2 70.9
Keed ....106' 92. S - 86.S 73.4 80/.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
lENHBE^¥iEN7
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lest Vigor
to Men.
A Frcs Trial Package Sent by Hall
to AH Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able rosr.edv are being mailed to all who
¦will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured ao inuuy men who had bat-
tled lor years against the mental and
physical suffering of lust manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free Trial packages to ijll who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
isuCer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting Irorn youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcoccle or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and Beems to act direct
to the desired location, giving (strength
end development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from rears of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
frueeess in all cases. A reouest to the
State llefiical Institute. 828 Elektron
bulldir.g, I'prt Wayne. Ind.. statins' that
you des-ire 'one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
J'iFtltute is desirous of reaching that
preat cla?s of men who are unable to \
]*av» liom«" to be, treated, and tho free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cur^d of sexual weakness when
the proper remedien are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
¦who writes will be eent a free sample,
carefully nealed in a plain package, »o
that Its recipient ne«»d have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers axe
reauestcd to write without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
yf"~^\ S7f!ICTLr RELIABLE.
Ira Dr. Talcott
l^lr & Co.
VT \ Will // to Disorders*)*
V the Mais.
«v thp V\RIOU3 FORMS OP GENERAL
I^ehilit^ ana convalescence following certain
Not Weakness-
Symptoms!
p. fa . t h e greater number of patients, how-
„.?? seeking relief for so-called "Weakness' is
?,,™'nhed I by healthy and robust men. On ex-
we find a Prostate GlanJ which has
wn ? damaged by either a contracted disorder
or 2aHy dl^Vpatlon. These patients have no
weakness at all. Prematureness Loss of Vltal-
itv etc are the symptoms, op disordered func-
tion of'the chronically Inflamed prostate gland.
We find t>y curing this Inflammation that full
i\i~or at once returns. It should be understood
that tonics, electricity, etc.. might cure a real
wMkress but would rto harm in Inflammation.
Tht main object Is to reduce the size of th«»
tVrder swollen and inflamed prostate. This wa
aecoroi>!l"h by local treatment, thus avoiding *
dru»« Men who have unsuccessfully treatej
for'a" weakness should now understand ths
cau?e of failure. We send free on application a
colo'red chart of the organs which will be foun-l
useful tn bome diagnosis and interesting to all
' wishing to study the anatomy of the male.
OfCces and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St.. Cor. Sixth.
I _____ — : :
LAPP'S GUN STORE^
rcrS_>i^"^ *•; 4:i Kearny street. S. F.. for'
gst**"^ Fishing Tackle and Sportier
Goods. TSe largest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send A
cents in postage stamps . for tho latest td-paso
illustrated c— talosma. No. i.DOGS ARE TO BE JUDGED
BY KANSAS CITY EXPERT
We export ginseng root to China, '¦- -
Most kinds of day.: contain a consider
able proportion of ' Iron : the red color , of
bricks, for example, Is due to the presence
of oxides of Iron. 32!iia*j*£ *
She confronted the conductor with angrv
eyes, eyes that had looked , undismayed
into, those of mighty horned monsters of
the_pralties.
"what do you me*n by starting th© car
before I was on it?" she asked
"Cain't wait all day for you, lady," tlia
A woman who had come out of the
West, where she had been a cowgirl on a
ranch, was boarding a car In this city re
cently. She had just placed her foot upon
the step and was preparing to take an
other step to the upper platform when
with furious "SteD lively!" the conductor
pulled the: stap. The car Jerked forward
and the Western woman swaved tiiek
for a minute, then Just caught herself in
time to prevent a bad fall upon the cob
bles.
She Dazed the Conductor.
A prominent lawyer of this city says
that many years ago he went West. but.
as ho got i no clients and stood a good
chance of starving to * death, he decided
to come East again. Without any money
he" boarded a train' for Nashville, Tenn^.
intending to seek employment as reporter
on one of the dally newspapers. When
the conductor called for his ticket, he
said:- -v
i. "I am on the staff of the of Nash
ville. I suppose you will pass me?"
" The conductor looked at him sharply.
¦ "The* editor of that paper is In the
smoker.: Come with me; if he identifies
you, . all right."
He followed the conductor Into • the
smoker; the situation was explained. Mr.
Edit6>-said: '
:: "Oh; yes; I remember him as one of the
staff: it is all right."
: Before » leaving the train the lawyer
again ; sought . the editor.
"Why .did you say you recognized me?
I'm notion your paper." ¦ ,
"I'm not , the editor, either. ¦ I'm travel
ing on his pass and was scared. to death
lest you should give me away."
Why the Editor Recognized Him.
Fix r>ates for Republican Primaries.
YUBA CITY. Aug. 11.— The Republican
Central Committee of this county issued
a. rail to-dav for Drimaries to be held on
August 20 and the county convention on
August 2j.
SANTA CRUZ. Ausr. II.— At a meeting
cf the Republican County Central Com-*.
mJttee to-day the date for the primaries
iva? p?t for Aukusi 13 and the county
ccnvcniion for September 22. A protest
was entered against having the Congres
sional convention of the Sixth District
iield in Santa liarbara.
Companions of the Forest.
The board of deputies of tho ¦ Compan
ions of the Forest. A. O. F., have made
arrangements to pay fraternal visits to
the several local circles and encourage
the membership In the work of the order.
The first of these was on last Thursday
night, when the board visited Bohemian
Circle. N
To do away with the selling of -tickets
for entertainments, theater parties and
the like for the purpose of raising funds
to entertain the delegates to the Grand
Circle, aa In the past, the various circles,
through their representatives, have de
cided to levy a tax of 30 cents on each
member, to , be paid la such inst ailment a
Huge savings banks are going up . all
over Italy, and the people have taken to
them very kindly. In some cities, instead
of giving books as prizes in public schools
they give . savings bank books ¦ with a
small sum entered to the credit of tho
prize winner. Tnls Is done at .Venic*. :
Inter Nos Circle.
Inter Nos Circle, Companions of the
Forest cf America, at Its last held meet-
Ing Initiated three candidates and after
the work there v.-as a musical Interlude
•h*E. J. Laulcr and then dancing. At the
•rW-i meeting the circle will have several
c*.iflldates to initiate. On the night of
the 28th Inst. the circle -will give what
it calls a pigeon party. What that is to
b« the committee In charge will not tell.
hut says that those who are curious to
lr.ow eaould. b« on hand --.
Good Government Lea gus Objects.
Frx^-iaJ IMrpatch to The Call.
/ «AN JOSE. Aug. lL-Efforts to pro
\rr.rt<s harmony In local Republican ranks
\--,-«5ay proved unavailing, for the Good
*;ov<;fnmrnt League, after being waited
vpon by a committee from the • Santa
Oara County Republican League, con
f-i'Uas of John K. Hichards. Joseph K.
Patton l». L- Haa?. Daniel McGlnlcy and
A Greeningfr. decided not to participate
In the Republican primaries of next Tues
day. The committee on primaries was In
• ftructed to consider separate primaries
and a convontfon for the Good Govern
ment League. _
Divorce Suit.
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— Rose E. Jones has
F-ued William K. Jon^s for divorce on the
ground cf willful neglect. ,
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— Marriage licenses
v are be<?n issued to the following per
5on«- Daniel Crcnin (34). San Francisco,
end' Mary Curtis r25), Oakland; John F.
Kelly «iS). Oakland, and Annie J. Mer
cer \~Z), Oakland.
Licenses to Marry.
BERKELEY. Aug. II.— A team driven
r;v Charles Holton ran away this morn-
Jrig on the old county road back of North
Berkeley and wrecked the wagon. The
rjnaw&y was started by Holton dropping
a Une. "7"he team dashed down the steep
*-iajd and was stopped by running Into a
forsc*. Holton escaped by jumping. The
horses were not badly injured.
A Lively Runa-way.
"No," continued Mr. Pasdutout, "we
will not, absolutely will not, celebrate our
silver wedding again in order to prove to
people that you two cannot be over 24 at
the outside. The idea!" — Harper's Bazar.
But their firm parents remained firm.
But their pleading seemed of no avail;
the elder Pasdutouts shook their gray
heads firmly. In negation, though it was
evident that the necessity of refusing
their daughters' request pained them be
yond measure.
Gently, but with de.cision. as one shakes
a hard-shelled crab from out of a scalp
net. the parents disentangled their daugh
ters' arms from their shoulders. Then,
mastering his emotions, their father said:
"No, Anastasia and Cordelia, what you
ask of us is too much!; Never before have
we refused a request of yours. We havo
moved from city to city, from State to
State, to the injury of my business and
the destruction of your mother's health,
in order to deceive people as to your ages.
For the last ten years it has been noth
ing but move on for us, . for every time
the peoplo of one place would suspect
your" true ages you have insisted on us
packing up and going elsewhere, that you
might start anew at 22 and 23 respective
ly. We have submitted to this nomadic
life for our love of you. but your most re
cent: demand is to much. "We absolutely
refuse!"
The daughters sobbed like anything. In
fact, they sobbed like everything.
"Papa, I beg of you, do not refuse!"
Cordelia Pasdutout clung wildly about
her fond but obdurate mother's neck and
rained kisses upon her cheeks, while
Anastasia, her sister, did likewise to her
father.
"Please, mamma, please!"
Grieved the Young Daughters.
" 'Oh.* he replied, hesitatingly, 'the con
gregation raised $7314 60 to build a church
and I skipped out with if_' "—Washington
Star.
"The Idea of a preacher in that fix build
ing a church seemed to be so funny that
everybody laughed, and 'How was that.
Parson?' came from half a dozen ques
tioners.
" 'You've called me right," laughed that
member, 'for I was a parson. I had a
place in a small town In Pennsylvania, a
wife and five children and $400 a year with
mighty dern few donation parties. I jrtrug
gled along the very best I could trying to
be a-f hTistian under the circumstances,
and willing to lessen my chances to enter
the kingdom of heaven liy 23 per cent for
a 25 per cent increase in pay. when tho
end came . by my refusing to build a
church."
"Twenty-five years ago." said a mining
man, "I was in a Colorado town, and one
day a sheepherder came in with a report
of a gold find and collected eleven or us
to go with him and organize it into a dis
trict and stake off our claims. We eot
through with it too late in the day to start
home again, so we camped in our blan
kets. We were stretched around the fire,
when some one proposed that we devote
the time before going to sleep to telling
who we were and what brought us to that
remote country- Scarcely a man In the,
party was known by his name. 'Judge
and 'Doc' and 'Parson' and 'Shorty* and
'Cock-eye' and such characteristic sobri
quets designating each of us. Most of the
men were simply floaters and drifters,
and they were there because it happened
so. aud there was a chancetto get rich
quick and easy. When it came 'Shorty's'
turn to respond he startled us by the
story of a tragedy in which he had killed
two men In Vermont and escaped, be
cause the sympathy of the community
was with him. although not sufficiently
so to permit him to remain at home. The
wild West was his best opening, and he
bad come there to end his days in what
ever way might be. The story cast a
gloom over the assemblage, so to speak,
which was lightened somewhat by the
spokesman calling on the 'Parson.*
" 'Well. Parson,' ho said, 'what brought
you out here?"
Would Not Build a Church.
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— The Rev. James
R. Day. D. D.. LI* D.. chancellor of Syra
rtite LniverEity. N. Y.. will preach at the
First M. E. Church to-morrow morning
at 11 o'clock. Dr. Day is a pulpit orator
of ability. He will be heard but once in
this city.
Eastern Divine to Preach.
Colonel Calef Retired.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— Lieutenant
Colonel Calef, U. S. A., has been placed on
the retired list, having served forty years.
Colonel Muse. U. S. M. C. recently de
tached from command of the marines at
the Mare Island Xavy-yard, has been rec
ommended for retirement on account of
physical disability.
Fires in Michigan.
BAY CITY. Mich., Aug. 11.— Fires are
sweeping over the northern country.
From Hale to Rose City, on the Detroit
and Mackinaw road, is one stretch of
flames. WMttemore is surrounded by fire
and Prescott is in danger. At both places
mills have been shut down and men are
out fighting the fire. The property loss
will be large; »
General Randall Desires "Authority
to Send Destitute Persons Home
by Any Vessel Available.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— General Ran
dall, commander of the Department of
Alaska, has made the following report
upon the conditions at Nome:
"At present there are about 15.000 per
sons in and about Nome. It is estimated
there will be 1000 destitute here at the
close of navigation. I request that I be
authorized to send all destitute persons
out of the country by any vessel availa
ble in case army transports are not here."
A post s=ite has been selected at the
mouth of Nome River, three and a half
miles cast of Nome. The work of con
struction now Is progressing rapidly.
General Randall requests that the post
be named "Davis," In honor of General
Jefferson C. Davis, who commanded the
nrst troops in Alaska. He also reports
that ho has chartered the tugboat Meteor
and has collected the destitute natives be
tween Sinrock and Topkuk and encamped
them on the beach east of the Nome
River. The commanding officer of that
camp has been directed to furnish sub
sistence and medical attention. Reports
indicate that the natives all along the
coast are dying of measles and pneumo
nia. Smallpox has been checked, no new
cases having been reported in twelve
days.
All the recommendations of General
Randall have received the approval of the
Secretary of War.
URGES RELIEF FOR
STRANDED IN NOME
Union Lodge at Its meeting last Mon
day initiated two candidates. It now has
a membership of thirty with four appli
cations in the hands of Investigating
committees. ' At the close of the ' month
this lodge will give a party. It proposes
to get a set of robes to be worn during
initiations.
National Aid Association.
Sunflower Lodge of the National Aid
Association is still advancing, adding at
almost every meeting to its membership.
In the near future the lodge will have a
social hour for the benefit of members
and friends. ,
High Chief Ranger Boehm paid an official
visit last week to Court Eclipse at Eu
reka. Humboldt County. There was a
pleasant meeting and the business of the
evening being over there was a banquet
in honor of the visitor. The high chief
ranger had the misfortune of an accident
on the trip. While attempting to raise
a window in his stateroom on the steamer,
a lurch of the vessel caused the window to
slip from his left hand, and It fell on his
right thumb, crushing it.
Court Ivanhoe, at its meeting on last
Wednesday,- initiated six candidates and
received six applications.
The board of deputies held a meeting
last week and arranged a' series of visi
tations to the local courts.
Court Bohemian had work in the initia
tory degree at its last held meeting.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
-Joseph Mackey and J. Jones of Butte
Aerie No. 11 are visiting the California
aeries.
Vallejo Aerie No. 72 is more active than
ever, initiating strangers at every meet
ing.
Fresno Aerie No. 39 initiated several
candidates at its last held meeting. .,
Grand Organizer J. F. Cheetam. assist
ed by A. C Berthier and Gus Pohlmann
of No. 5, instituted a new aerie, to be
known as Watsonville No. 73, in the city
of that name last Monday. It starts with
nfty-seven charter members.
San FranciBco Aerie No. 5 initiated six
teen candidates at its meeting last week
and during the evening Secretary Gus
Pohlmann received seventeen applica
tions. This aerie is arranging to enter
tain its friends in the near future.
Golden Gate Aerie No. 61 on last Tues
day gave a smoker which was a very en
joyable affair. N. W. Maurice of El Paso
Aerie No. 71 (Texas) was a guest of Gold
en Gate. %.'-
Fraternal Eagles.
as may be desired, the final payment to
be made before the 31st of March next.
A new circle was instituted on the. night
of the 4th inst. at Redding by w. E.
Smith of Court Castle Rock, who was ap
pointed a special deputy for the occasion.
The supreme grand chief companion,
Mrs. M. E. Falconer, is arranging a list
of official visitations. She has invited all
deputies and officers of circles to attend
a school of Instruction.
Miniature Indian corn grows in Brazil.
The ears are about the size of a little fin
ger and the grains as small as mustard
seed.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— "A Celebrated
Case," the popular oli French melodrama,
K".ll be the bill at the Macdonough Thea
«ef all of next •week. The full stock com
paxry will appear in the cast.
Tt« Stevens stock company -will pro
6uoe tie farce-comedy, "The Irish Alder
man," at the Dewey Theater for one
¦weei. commencing next Monday evening.
A number cf specialties will be introduced.
MELODRAMA AND FARCE
AT OAKLAND THEATERS
successful on the bench and In the field
He is reckoned among the best all-round
Judges we have and has gained his knowl
edge by practical experience, being al
most as well known as a breeder of mas
tiffs and terriers as of setters.
Mr. Cole judged the setter and spaniel
classes at St. Louis this year and It was
a matter of comment among the exhibit
ors that there was no complaint over his
awards even among those who failed to
carry off .the ribbons. There can be no
question that his name will draw a large
entry, both from the sporting and non
sporting breeds.
Mr. Cole is one of the- most successful
and enthusiastic breeders of English set
ters In the United States. In his kennels
at Kansas City are to be found specimens
of some of the best nicks in the country.
Cole's Lady and Cole's Queen being
among them. Mr. Cole has alike been
THE judge of the Sacramento Stale
Fair bench show this year will be
James Cole of Kansas City, who
will come to the capital city for
the sole purpose of awarding the ribbons
to high-bred dogs.
JAMES COLE, WHO WILL AW A TIP THE RIBBONS.
At this point loud laughter interrupted
the speaker, and for a moment he won
dered why.— Youth's Companion.
"Look here. Bruce," said the senior, de
cidedly, "you are- a donkey! Why can't
you keep quiet instead of attracting
everybody's attention by your asinine re
marks? Tcu need not be offended. I'm
speaking to you now as a brother — "
The more nervous a man is the mora
he tries to say the right thing, and a*
a rule the more lamentably he falls. It
is not always the man who attempts to
set him right, however, who covers him
self with glory.
There is a story told of a certain Eng
lish curate who was afflicted with a pain
fully nervous temperament and whose
nervousness was In the habit of affect
ing his tongue and causing him to make
the most awkward remarks when he par
ticularly desired to pay neat compliment3
to those high in authority or position.
It happened one day that he had dis
tinguished himself beyond his wont dur
ing a gathering of clergymen at an after
noon tea at the Bishop's palace. On the
way home a senior curate took him to
task for his blunders.
Brotherly Counsel.
In a moment the Western woman with
a backward golf sweep of the arm lun«re<l
for the conductor's head. H* dodged. Tha
blow sent his hat spinning bark into tho
track. The woman entered the ear and
sat down. She was flushed, but dignified.
While the other women passengers wero
rather startled, they all knew just how
she felt. Then the car stopped while tho
conductor went back for his hat. | Tha
Western xroman rods free that time.—
New York Sun.
conductor snarled. "Just step lnsida
there."
The distance from Alamo to Oakland
over this projected . road will be four
miles less than by the Fish ranch road,
with a much higher grade. The com
pleted road will tap* fc'an Ramon Valley.
The Contra Costa Supervisors will act
finally on the matter at their meeting
September 3.
Alameda County built this road for the
accommodation of a laige travel through
the Moraga Valley district feeding into
Oakland. But after its completion a hitch
occurred in the proceedings and the Con
tra Costa side cf the work has been un
touched for many months. Now the
viewers' report has been made. It shows
that a road of suitable grade can be con
structed for $1450, giving a thoroughfare
fourteen feet in width and with a maxi
mum grade of only 7 per cent. The road,
as projected, will not cost the county as
much as the estimate calls for. because
much of the work will be donated by
property-owners along the route.
To secure a better mtMicrn of communi
cation between Alameda County and Con
tra Costa over the dividing foothills is
the purpose of a fair start which has
been made across the line to complete a
connecting road from Moraga Valley to
Alamo. The Supervisors of Contra
Costa have received the report of
road viewers for the extension from the
top of the divide of the new Medau road,
back of Hayes Canyon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Aug. 11.
Contra Costa Survey of Ex
tension of Medau Grade
- IS UUlHUlctcu.
¦ «r>nn n i * .
TO CONNECT TWO
COUNTIES BY A
NEW HIGHROAD
Last Thursday the members of Califor
nia Council were the guests of General
George Custer Council of the J. O. A. M.
in Oakland on the occasion of the ball
given in the new quarters in Woodmen's
Hall. It was a great success and the
visitors were delightfully entertained by
the Juniors.
The good of the order committee of Cal
ifornia Council had an evening at the
ocean beach last night.
A large delegation of California Council
of the Daughters of Liberty has during
the past two months paid several fra
ternal visits to Oakland Council and on
each occasion the visits were pleasant and
profitable, j
Daughters of Liberty.
San Francisco Tent of the Maccabees is
still booming.. Owing to delay in arrang
ing the new quarters in the Pioneer build
ing the tent will not move there until the
1st of. September. During the reviews of
the tent the members and visitors are
entertained with vocal selections by the
San Francisco Tent Quartet.
The new officers of the Golden Weat
Tent having been installed for the (cur
rent term they propose to do good work
during the term and will, they expect, at
the close make a most excellent showing.
The reviews of the tent are rendered very
Instructive and entertaining under good
of the order. »
The Maccabees.
The following named have been chosen
to serve as the officers of Young Ladies'
Institute No. 1 for the new term: Past
president, . Mrs. Alice Dwyer McXealy;
president. Miss Annie E. Nyhan; first vice
president, Mrs. M. Peacock; second vice
president. Mrs. S. Flaherty; financial sec
retary. Miss Kittle Donovan; recording
secretary, Miss Mamie Gorman: treasurer.
Miss Cora • Fiske: marshal, Miss Clare
Farrell; trustees— Miss Lizzie Terry, Mrs.
A. Sweeney Mrs. >M. Hill, Martha Cop
page, Mary Drlscoll; inside sentinel. Mary
Fay; outside sentinel, Mrs. Sullivan.
Young Ladies* Institute.
The Infernal Order of Purgatory held a
meeting last night in Pythian Castle in
this city for the purpose of arranging for
the next grand entertainment to be given
by this side degree of the order.
Myrtle Lodge took the initiative in the
matter of the Knights of Pythias taking
part in the Admission day celebration.
Charles L. Patton will leave for the East
this week to attend the Supreme Lodge
session to be held in Detroit, Mich.
Live Oak Lodge of Oakland will cele
brate an anniversary of its institution by
a banquet on the night of the 17th inst.
in Pythian Castle in Oakland.
Knights of Pythias.
The rally and essay contest to-morrow
•will be the first to b*> held on this side
rf the bay. Sirnilar affairs in San Fran
cisco have ton successful, attracting
large audiences and stimulating the en
rrpy of the youthful cadets. Lieutenant
Harry Lonj of Company F will preside
at the rally.
Captain Joseph Kennedy and Lieutenant
J. McBrien wi'.l be in command of Com
¦pnr.y N, and Captain II. Hynes and Lleu
tersints J. H. Lor.g and J. II. Sheehan of
Company F.
Several young members of the com
panies from St. Francis do Sales' parish
and St. Joseph's parish at Berkeley have
? rjtsrtd the ronie>x. Companies F and N*
will attend the rally in full uniform. In
addition to the reading of the essays there
¦rill be an interesting musical and literary
Vrogramine. The speaker of the day has
rot beori selected, but It Is announced that
he will be one of the most eloquent priests
on the coast and that his Fpeech will bo
•upon a subject calculated to interest all
who attend.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, August 1L
The companies of the League of the
<~-css Cadets for the fifth district, which
•eludes all outside cf San Francisco, will
hold a grand rally to-morrow afternoon
in St. Francis de Sales Hall. The causa
cf temperance will be the subject of an
essay contest, in which many of the
beisbiast of the young cadets will com
pete. Great interest has been, taken in
the contest and some clever arguments. It
is thought, will be advanced by the essay
ists. Three competent Judges will be se
l^c:«*d from the audience to decide which
«•! ihft contestants shall receive the silver
tncdai catered as a prize for the highest
essay.
Fifth District Members Are
to Compete for
Medals.
LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS CADETS
AS ESSAYISTS
VALLEJO, Aug. 11.— At the Republican
primaries election here to-day, 949 votes
were cast, of which 864 were for the Met
calf delegates, 9 were scratched and the
balance were for Dalton delegates. It is
reported here that the Benicia primaries
were carried by the Dalton men.
DIXON, Aug. 11.— By their vote to-day
the Republicans of Northern Solano Coun
ty declared in favor of the Metcalf dele
gates. At Dixon no Dalton ticket ap
peared in the Geld. Early in the morning
a report was circulated that a Dalton
ticket would be out, but owing to some
political -reasons it failed, to appear. D.
M. McKInnon, the delegate from here, is
for Metcalf.
Solano County Solid for Metcalf.
JOSEPH ALBERT MERCHANT, a
salesman in Hale Bros.' stores
in this city, took his life last
Friday night. and did It in
such a way that there might be
be no mistake as to his intentions. He
roomed at the Hotel Langham. on the
southeast corner of Ellis and Mason
streets, and when Landlord Gallagher
was notified early yesterday morning that
Merchant could not be awakened the
first named forced an entrance and found
the clerk lying dead In bed with a small
vial in his right hand and the photograph
of a woman in his left. The bottle was
uncorked and the cork lay on the coverlet
about a foot away.
The photograph was that of Merchant's
mother and the vial was half full of cy
anide of potassium.
Merchant was' unmarried, a native of
Maine and 34 years old. For some time
past he had been afflicted with stomach
and liver complaint and pleurisy. He
mailed a letter last Friday evening to hi3
sister. Mrs. M. S. Parks of 24 Whitney
street, in this city. In the letter ho in-
formed her that he was very sick and
that he wished her to com« to the hotel
and take charge of his affairs. She re
ceived the letter yesterday morning, and
when she arrived at the Hotel Langfcam
in the forenoon she was told that her
brother had committed suicide.
th© show on the road. The young actors
and actresses traveled through the State
and won further laurels by their clever
work. After a year's absence the operetta
will be again presented to the theater
goers of this city. The child artists have
improved in their acts and the perform
ance goes through without a hitch. More
than a hundred child professionals will
take part in the production.
52XTEEIT fair-haired tots, not on©
over eigrhi yeaxs. \rill go tripping
through the "silver ballet" in
"Tue" Brownies" entertainment at
tii« California Theater next week. Tho
ballet, wbicb. Is gracefully executed by
the little artists, is Bald to be one of the
prettiest ever staged In this city. It la
expected that it -will be a fea-ture of the
splendid entertainment furnished by Man
ager Friedlander and his clever child pro
fessional?.
"The Brownies in Fairyland," Palmer
Cox's operetta, was presented last year
and scored a big success. The clever chil
dren who took part in the performance
merited the praise they received. Crowd
ed houses greeted the little performers
and this justified the management to take
'- Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
':¦:*.-'-'; 1118 Broadway. August 1L
Interest among trade unionists is cen
tered in the impending battle between the
mill workers and employers for an eight
hour day. The workmen claim that their
movement has received great impetus
throughout the entire Pacific Coast." They
announce that they are prepared to pre
sent a united front and that a walkout
of thousands of men will be the result of,
the refusal of mill operators to recognize
their ultimatum, which is to go into effect
on Monday.
The Oakland union has the backing of
the Federated Trades and the Building
Trades Council of Alameda County. They
declare that they have thoroughly organ
ized • to assist their fellow craftsmen in
this battle for shorter hours of labor.
The reply of the mill owners" has been
to practically ignore the demands of the
operatives. Nearly every . mill owner in
San Francisco, Oakland and the other
nearby cities has slgnea an agreement to
continue the present scale of hours and
wages.
Replying to this stand,- the union men
point out the fact that they have made no
request for increased wages. They assert
that they do not expect serious trouble,
but they do insist upon the cut in hours
of labor. They argue that there Is a gen
eral tendency to readjust time in other
trades to an eight-hour basis.
The I^abor day celebration committees
of the Building Trades Council are much
encouraged by the interest which is be
ing taken by the various labor organiza
tions in the celebration preparations. The
holiday is September 3. A feature will be
a reunion at San Lorenzo Grove.
Monday.
Millmen United to Enforce
Their Ultimatum on
BATTLE OVER
THE EIGHT-HOUR
DAY AT HAND
Yolo for Metcalf.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
WOODLAND. Aug. 1L— The, Republican
primaries .were held: throughout the coun
ty to-day. "W. T. Allen, George Armstrong
W. A. Cannedy, Jesse Carr, George Hop
pin, A. W. North, A. C. Ruggles and G.
w. Scott were ' elected ; delegates to the
Congressional Convention. The majority
were for Metcalf.- E. H. Archer," S.' O
Cassills, J. O. Chalmers, W. H. Curson"
J. G. Fredericks, Hugo Promraelt;" G.
Schmeiser and W.O.wyatt were elected
delegatesto the State .Convention.-"-; ••>.-;
.j. man from the Third Congres- 3.
T sional District, lias carried T
2 every county In his \ district 1 2
T % and will have no opposition in -;t
2 % the Congressional convention. 2
T Mr. Metcalf carried Alameda t
a. County at the primaries by a 2
T majority of 3480, carrying 4"
!•! every Assembly district in the III
j county and 53 voting pre- •$•
S. cincts out of 58 in the county. 2
¥| Henry P. Dalton, the defeated 4*
2 candidate, declined to . make J,
4. any statement. Ths rumor of .j.
•}• an independent fight on the •}•
"T part of Mr. Dalton has been *f
2 Renewed to-night, but it is 2
j; hardly likely that this will be 4
4. made, in view of Mr. Dalton's 4.
f published' disclaimer of any *j*
4! such intention. This means a 2
•J* revolution of the political con- 4*
'j'. ditions in Alameda County. &
OAKLAND,, Aug. 11.— The returns
from the primary in Alameda
County are so one-sided that there
is no chance for a dispute. Victor
H. Metcalf has carried everything and
will have a unanimous delegation from
the entire district. Henry P. Dalton car
ried only the voting districts of Hay
wards, upper Fruitvale, Lorin. Thirteenth
avenue In East Oakland and Dwight way
In Berkeley. In every other of the fifty
three precincts of Alameda County Vic
tor II. Metcalf was successful, and In
some cases by very large majorities.
The figures show seme Interesting facts.
The only precinct that Dalton carried In
the Forty-sixth Assembly District was
Haywards. There Dalton was supposed
to be very strong, and yet he carried
Haywards by but 16 majority. In Cen
terville the vote was 128 to 4 against him
and in Pleasanton 181 to 17 against him.
Metcalf carried this district by a vote of
1015 to 42S. —
In the Forty-seventh Assembly District
Dalton only carried Upper Frultvale. and
that bv a vote of 75 for Dalton to 63 for
Metcaff. On the other hand Metcalf car
ried Alameda City by a vote of 986 to 405,
or a majority of 5S1. The vote in this
district was Metcalf 16S2. Dalton 737, a
majority in the district for Metcalf of 915.
The Forty-eighth gave the smallest vote
in the county and Metcalf carried all of
the three voting precincts. The Metcalf
majority was 321.
The Korty-ninth Assembly District, in
which Dalton lived, was carried bv Met
calf by 1020 majority. Dallon lost even his
own precinct, the vote being Metcalf 216
and Dalton 160. On the other hand. Met
calf carried his own home precinct by a
vote of 105 to 47 for Dalton.
The Fiftieth District was supposed to
be a Dalton stronghold, yet Metcalf car
ried it by 262 votes, and he won the Fifty
first District by 572 majority.
Dalton is credited with having spent a
great deal of money In the fight, the sum
being placed at from $15,000 to $25,000. Cer
tainly he did put money into the contest,
but If he did his money. was taken and he
was not supported in return.
This will have a decided effect upon the
political future of Alameda County. It is
the first defeat that Henry P. Dalton has
met with since his entry into politics, and
it means that h!» enemies will take every,
advantage of the situation.
The county has been very thoroughly
divided upon this fight. Two factions
have been created, and it Is not believed
that they can be brought together even
two years from now when the guber
natorial campaign will begin.
The rumor that Mr. Dalton would run
as an independent candidate for Congress
was revived to-night, but is not generally
believed. He made the following state
ment:
The Republicans of the Third Con
gressional District have recorded
their choice for Congressman and the
choice has fallen upon Mr. Metcalf.
I, of course, bow to the will of the
majority and congratulate Mr. Met
calf upon his preferment. I have no
particular complaint to make, and
make none. The Republicans of the •
district have expressed their wish to
have Mr. Metcalf represent them for
another term In Congress, and they,
of course, know what they want.
Although defeat has come, I feel
that I owe many thanks to my friends
for their kindness shown to me In
this campaign and feel that, under the
circumstances, moro could not have
been accomplished.
HENRY P. DALTON.
Emll Nusbaumer, the manager for Vic
tor H. Metcalf, issued the following state
ment:
It was predicted when Mr. Dalton
became a candidate for the office of
Congressman against Mr. Metcalf that -
Mr. Metcalf would be returned be
cause of his splendid record as a first
termer. This prediction has been vori- '
fled by. the vote of to-day. The desire
of the public to leave the administra
tion of public affairs in the hands of
"William McKlnley,. our present Presi
dent, and tbose, in full, accord with
him, was fully demonstrated. At a
primary to-day throughout the district
a fair and full expression was obtain
ed, and at the coming election I have
no doubt that all factional strife and
bitterness engendered at the primary
will be completely buried, and the Re r
- publican party will, as always, pre
sent an unbroken and harmonious
front. : E. NUSBAUMER.
The vote in detail was as follows:
Forty-sixth i Assembly District— Metcalf,
1015; Dalton. 428; Metcalf's majority, 687.
Forty-seventh— Metcalf, 1682; Dalton, 767;
Metcalf's majority, S13.
Forty-clshth— Metcalf. 714; Dalton, • 390;
Metcalfs majority. 224.
Forty-ninth— Mtitcalf. 1826; Dalton. 806;
Metcaif's majority, 1020.
Fiftieth— Metcalf. 970; Dalton, 70S; Metcalf's
majority, 262.
Fifty-first— Metcalf. 1659; Dalton. 1127;
Metcalf s majority, 572.
There were only two strong fights for
the Assembly in the county, that In the
Forty-eighth district and that in the
Fifty-first- The latter is in doubt.
In the Forty -sixth district It was agreed
that the nomination should go to J. C.
Crooks of ' Haywards. In > the Forty-sev
enth district Joseph R. Knowland of Ala
meda never had any opposition, so strong
was he. and he was a tower of strength
to Congressman Metcalf. In the Forty
eighth district the tight was ¦ very bitter
and Joseph Kelly, . the present Assembly
man, carried the district as against the
unpledged ticket, by forty-one votes. In
the Forty-ninth district David McW'ade
had no opposition. In the Fiftieth -, dis
trict Bernard Miller made a fight against
J. A. Bliss, the present Assemblyman, but
Bliss carried the district by 352 . votes.
The returns from the Fifty-first district
are uncertain and will have to be can
vassed by the County Committee. One
set of figures gives Frederick C.Clift
ninety -one , majority over Dr. N. K: Fos
ter, while another set gives Dr. Foster
the narrow margin of nine majority.
X -m/ICTOIt H. METCALF, X
T • »/. the present Congress- v
Congressman Carries Dis
trict by Big Majority
at Primaries.
METCALF WINS
HENRY P. DALTDN
DIED WITH HIS MOTHER'S
PORTRAIT IN HIS HAND
Joseph A. Merchant Prepared Himself
for the Grave and Took
CLEVER LITTLE ARTISTS ARE
TO IMPERSONATE "BROWNIES"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST' 12, 1900.
"SILVEE BAI1I1ET," TO BE DANCED BY BEAUTJ-FUli CHXLDBEIN".
33
( Rich, fresh Creamery^
will again be onF
?sale tomorrow and Tues-^
iMay. *
JJFancy Humboldt Cream-J
\ ery Butter.. ..square 3Sc>
y Your selection of ths best known W
i) brands from this favored butter A
V district. f
? Fancy Pickled Butter f
U Point Reyes. cninrf » trnV
i You mav not car© Square
(/ to pay the difference for the higher #
a priced fresh butter after trying this. \
a Fresh Elgin Creamery J
a Butter pound 250^
1 Hijrh trade tabl« quality. t
.4 Delicious grass flavor. A
Oyster Catsup a
» Special condiment 'K/- 1 h1a o-ca
p for making oyster DOCtie 2^Ci
\ cockt.v.L*. Skilfully seasoned. Reg. 35c \
?Crystalized Ginger J
\ A delirious f»r»Mr»r1 -r~r>\
\ confo tioaand pOdnCl 1^\
" wholesoxe as well. f
Baking Powder^
I b^ 1^ 9 p Otm d 35 c£
i Money back baiting powder. B
)New Japan Tea. .pound 350^
SPure tea leaves. Natural color.
Fragrant and delicate. We
challenge comparison \rith any
50c or (V»c tea bought elsewhere^
Brook Rye
V Whiskey..gallon $2.50
d Full ICO proof, ilatured and aged
\ . in bond; » years old. lies. $J-50L
Club Whiskey
/ Bf>u>bon. rr^llrkn <t R-
\ Distilled 1S35. gailOn ?I.O 0
Y Well known brand ites- t-'-5U.
Rye
P Whiskey bottle 75c
A " Chicago World's Fair Gold Medai. A
K Used ia the U. S. Nary Medical 7
A Bsrrice. Case of U bottles 33.00. A
iSt. Lawrence Tonic Port a
a Very old wine, era linn finrk
0 Physician* reconv gallon OOCM
\ mend thia brand particularly \
/ benefli-i.il. Refra.ar Jl.ui. B ¦
#715 Market St. S. F. Shattuck At, Berkeley &
\eth AWaahinsrton,Oak Central Are, Alameda f
f : th & Wood, Oak. 60 1st &reec dan Jose. Ataken Mrs. Berry's home , on Jackson
street for the summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. James Flood have a little
daughter to grace their new. palatial
home, which Is now being erected. '
Jessie Triest and Slg. Heller leave In a
few weeks for Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Irwln when last
heard from were In Paris. . -.
Mr. Sherman, of Sherman & Clay, ex
pects his wife and daughters back from
Europe the latter part of next week. Mrs.
Sherman has had them abroad for sev
eral years, finishing their education.
Miss Theodocla Judd is spending some
•weeks with Mrs. Captain Bolles at their
Menlo Park home.
Mrs. Charles Forge has been on a trip
to Seattle and northern cities.
Miss May Mower, who spent her vaca
tion in /Washington, has : resumed teach
ing. .
Mrs. John Gardner of Glenn County Is
visiting her parents In Alamo.
Mr. and Mrs. Wllley. Kennedy and Miss
Vera from Fresno are spending soma
days at Bartlett Springs, after which
they will spent a short. time in this city-
Mrs. Park of Seattle was a passenger
on the Umatllla on her > last trip from
Victoria and Is visiting her son, Mr. John
Allen Park, of Oakland.
Mr. " H. C. Ford • of Cottonwood, Shasta
County., and Mr. Joseph Stevens of this
city aro camping, at Merrillvllle. Lassen
County, and are reporting good sport
with rod and gun.
Miss Olga Block has returned from her
vacation.. ;.,-. . -
Mrs. Prendergast and her daughter Rose
are spending their vacation in Sonoma. -
Dr. Howard. M. Block is spending hla
vacation In Paris and will remain over the
winter In Vienna in pursuit of his studios
The - engagement reception of Mary
Loorya and Samuel Horowitz, which was
to have been held August 12. Is postponed
until - further notice on account of sick
ness in the family.- . —
Mr. and Mrs. I. Raphael will receive
PROmiNENT SOCIETY PEOPLE.
brated their golden •wedding on Saturday,
August 4, at their home in Golden Gate.
The pretty cottage was tastefully decor
ated with ferns and yellow flowers. Many
beautiful presents were received by the
happy couple. The reception lasted from
3 o'clock in tha afternoon until 10 o'clock
In the evening. Among those present
were: Charles F. Bassett. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry C. Bunker, Mrs. Arthur J. Bolflng,
Mrs. C. D. Bunker, Kate Bunker, Rich
ard Bunker, Mrs. E. A. Bunker, Margaret
Bunker, Mrs. Briscoe, Mr. and Mrs. P.
CahlU, Mrs. Nellie Courtlan, Mrs: John
Crltcher, Miss Nina Crltcher, Mrs. Frank
Holland, Mr. and Mrs. Hundley, Mr. and
Mrs. Ira Hoitt, Mrs. M. Howard. Mrs. H.
Illohan. Mrs. Annie Lunt;- Mr. and Mrs.
G. H. Lunt, Mr. and Mrs. D. I. Newklrk.
Mrs. Helen Stans, Mrs. Savage, Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Swinerton, Alfred Swinerton,
Arthur Swinerton. Mr. and Mrs. Smel
son, Mrs. Julia Reardon. Master Reardon,
and Mr. and Mrs. K.i A. Wilder.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered to Edward Kane at his residence,
1G2 Tehama street, Saturday evening last.
Music, singing and dancing were Indulged
In until midnight, when a. bounteous re
past was partaken of in the large dining
room, which was handsomely ; decorated
for the occasion. Among, those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Regan. -Mrs. Kane;
Frances Clarke. : Kate Daly, Cella Jack
son, Emily Clarke, Birdie Hood, Tlllie
Elgin, Nellie Macquadson,: Mamie Cor
coran. Sophia Millie, Rosle Miller. Kate
Vahey, Mamie Vahey, v Mary Scully; -Ed
ward Kane,' John Collins," Eugene Pratt.'
Joseph Clarke, Charles McGruder, Theo
dore Muller, Charles Miller, William Den
nlson, Hugh McGonlgle, Captatn Thomas
Ix>w. Captain Ben Townsend, Sam Kelly
Mr. Selbert, Mr. Hutchlns and Eugene
Lee. ' • •-.:..-./.¦• ; . " '•" ¦
¦A '' very enjoyabla surprise party was
given to Sam Cantor by his 'friends Sun
day evening, July 29, at his .residence, 351
Fell ¦treet. The house .waa bTllllantljr ii-
Mrs. P. Venjohann, Mrs. Rickey, Mrs. F.
Rose, . Miss Lottie Bennett, Miss Marie
Venjohann, Miss B. Rickey. Miss Mabel
Rice, Miss Amy Rice. Miss Mamie Kehoe,
Willie Rickey, Mr. Pryor, Tom Noonan
and Arnold Rose.
Parties and Club Parties.
A very ¦ pleasant trolley party, chaper
oned by Miss J. J. Sulllvaji, was given
under the auspices of the Alta Bocial
Club last Saturday, evening. August 4. ; A
most" enjoyable time was passed, due to
the efforts of II. Kahn and A. Ross.
A banquet brought The evening; to a
close and the following helped to lessen
the delicious repast that was spread: A.
W. Hobro, Fred Haun, E. Immel, Edwin
Baiter,' L. Hobro, - J. R. Kennedy, H.
Crooker. W. Whippie, E. Ross, B.
Stemple. Max Kahn. w. Maldell and C.
de, Clermount. The ladles Invited were
the Misses Gertie Sloaaie. Anna Meherln,
Ethel Gould, May Campbell. Lottie Chaf
fer. Nellie Barrett.' Elsie Delorleux, Edith
Armstrong • May Peters, Daisy Brooks,
Gertie McCollough, Eleanor Talcott and
Miss J. Chaffer.
A very ' enjoyable Impromptu "affair"
•was given at the home of Mrs. A. Cowan
on : Sutter street," 1 complimentary to Mrs.
Harry Hlllyer, ¦ who la here on a visit
from- Santa -Barbara. . Vocal selections
and a recitation entitled, "Th« Faithful
Soul," by Miss Mllllcent Levenberg; piano
solo, i by. Professor Cramer; clever card
tricks by Joe Keene of the Press -'Club,
and also fortune-telling* by Mrs. Colby,
were enjoyed during the evening.; ;>
A large party of Oregonians sojourning
at present In this city had a jolly reunion
on Monday, evening, last.. A dinner at a
downtown .. restaurant, followed by an
opera party;at the Tiyoli,', were the fea
tures, of the evening. .Those in the party
were: Mrs. B. A. Anderson and the Misses
Eva and Maggie .Anderson, wife and
daughters of E. .A; Mayor of
THE week's outing of the Pacific
Coast Pony Racing and Steeplechase
Association at Del Monte, which is
to begin to-morrow, has been looked
forward to for some weeks, and Is evi
dently to be a memorable occasion. In
addition to the usual summer guests of
the hotel many residents of Burllngame
Menlo Park. San Rafael and other sub
urban places will congregate there, and
what with Fports by day and dancing to
Bennett s concert band at night, a Jolly
time should be had.
Op the mornings of August 13. 14. 15, 16
end 1, the golf competitions for the Henry
T. Scott cup and the Del Monte cup will
be the leading events, while the after
noons of the 13th. 14th. 15th and ICth will
be devoted to the polo tournament. The
pony racing will taJce place on August
3. and .18. the baseball game between the
IJurlingarKe team and that of the alumni
of universities will also be a special feat
ure for August 18. and on Sunday, August
J.\ the week's carnival of sports will
come to an end with yacht racing on the
DdV.
A Mother Goose fete will be held at Up
lar.es. the residence of Mrs. Easton at
bar. ilateo. on the afternoon of Saturday
Augu.n 25, for the benefit of the San Ma
teo Arraitape Orphanage, which has re
cently been reorganized with a new board
of managers, composed of the following
ladies: Mrs. Austin C. Tubbs. president;
Hen n y ,T- Scott * rtce President; Mrs!
\\IMam B. Hooper, treasurer; Mrs. E D
Beylard, secretary; Mrs. D. Drysdale cor
responding secretary: Mrs. George W
GIbbs. Mrs. A. Moore. Mrs. Mlddleton
Mrs. putler. Mrs. George A. Pope. Mrs
I- rands J. Carolan and Mrs. Mountford S
>> llson.
The orphanage is a most deserving
charity and much in need of funds, and
the ladles interested hope to realize a
goodly sum from the fete, in which the
°h d ; c J of B «rlingame and San Mateo
£!I e P a f t -.,J" epresentlnff the various
characters of "Mother Goose."
They're Engaged.
Mrs. F. lenolr of 516 Golden Gate ave
nue announces the engagement of her
daughter Hattie to Herman H. Sattler.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Anna Eipgs. daughter of Major and Mrs
Marlon Briars Jr. of OrovUIe, to Judge
I, d ward E. Gladdls of Woodland The
Bwddlas will take place In the fall.
The engagement Is announced from Ger
n-.ar.y of Miss Roberta Nuttall. youngest
oausr.ter of Mrs. Nuttall and the late Dr
Potert Kennedy Nuttall of San Fran
«•».; t .° T P aron v °n Rteal of Godeaberg,
r.honii-h Prussia. '
Mr. and Mrs. L. Lanzet announce the
engagement of their daughter. Miss Hat
tit?, to Bernard 8. Dickhnft. Thoy will be
Bt home at their residence. 2325 Pine
Ftrcet. to-day, between the hours of 2 and
L p. in.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Jane Greenwood, daughter of Mrs. Myra
A. Greenwood and Bister of Frederick
Greenwood cf San Francisco, to ' Dr
Krnert Dwight Chlpinaa of Waterbury"
their friends on Wednesday, the 13th, ana
Sunday, tfce ISth inst., at their residence,
835 Page street, prior to their departure
for Europe.
Miss Mary W. Tyrrell of the Durant
School will continue her studies at the
tState University until January, when she
will resume her work in the Oakland
School Department.
Daniel <i. Coieman has gone to spend
the next few weeks in Oroville and vi
cinity.
Dr. M. J. Burke and wife are spending
the summer in Lake County.
Lt. J. H. Seymour and Dr. F. F. Knorp
have returned from their vacation to Yo
semite Valley.
Mrs. Charies Oliver Terry and son Ellis
of Portland. Or., are visiting Mrs. Charles
G. Debury of 2213 Santa Clara avenue,
Alameda. for the summer.
Mrs. Charles O'Connor and her daugh
ter May have returned to the city after
a three weeks' visit to their friends in
Antloch. Cal.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Kapp have re
turned from Skaggs Springs afier a pleas
ant stay cf five weeks.
Mrs. N. J. CohMi of Auburn. Cal.. and
her sister. Mrs. William FriccJe of Crock
ett, Cal., are visiting their parents. Mr.
and Mrs. I. Flnkelstein.
Mr. and Mrs. Ignntz Levy (nee Harris)
will hold a reception this afternoon at
Iis22 Webster street.
Mrs. P. E. Newman and daughter. Miss
Belle, of Hanford. have taken rooms at
the Hotel Montrose. where they will be
pleased to see their friends.
Miss Hattie Lenolr will be at home on
Sunday afternoons tn August at 516 Golden
Gate avenue.
Dr. A. E. Bruno and family left August
10 for an extended trip to Europe, where
they will remain about a year.
The Misses Pauline and Kitti" Airon
and brothers have moved from 1' Sutter
street' and are now living at the Hotel
Repelier. 7S1 Sutter street.
The Misses .Grade and Dottle Browning
have left for a trip to Europe. They will
visit all the principal European cities and
return to Dawson next spring to look
after their mining interests.
Miss Walton of New York and Miss
Kelsey of this city have returned from
Tallac and are at present nt Del Montp
Mrs. W. T. Anpior and Miss Annie Mc-
Elroy have gone to Tallac. Lake Tahoe
Mrs. T. G. Taylor. Miss Laura Taylor
and Miss Norma Castle left on the 4th
Inst. for a tour of Alaska.
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. SaalHeld and niece
Miss Hazel Green, have returned from
Paso-Robles.
After fourteen months In Dawson Cttv
Mr. Frederic of F. H. Ames & Co. has
returned t" San Francisco.
Mrs. A. Marks Is in town after a most
enjoyable trip to Blue Lakes and Vichy
Springs.
. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Moundrell have
returned to town after an enjoyable
camping trip. They spent three months
at Camp Taylor.
Miss Elizabeth Murray Is at horn** after
a month's sojourn at Duncan's Mills.
Mrs. J. F. Fish, who has been spending
the summer In Mendoclno County with
her two sons. Is now domiciled "at the
Hotel St. Nicholas for the winter.
Mrs. A. Rosenwald has returned from
her European trip, and will be pleased
to see her friends at 1S1Q Bush street.
Mrs. Louis H. Dnnhauer will b*» at home
the first and third Wednesdays at her
residence, 1006 Golden Gate avenue.
Mrs. L. Dinkelsnlel and her daughter.
Miss Theresa Dlnkelsplel. have returned
to the city after a pleasant visit to San
Rafael and Byron Springs. They have
taken apartments at The Granada.
Mrs. and Mrs. Samuel Dusenbury, child
and nurse, have returned from San Ra
fael, where they have been spending the
summer months.
Abraham Gump, the well known society
voung man. and his party of Eastern
friends have returned to the city after
their pleasure trip to Yosemite and Blue
Lakes.
Mrs. J. II. Gensler Is visiting friends at
Boulder Creek, Ben Lomond and Santa
Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Galtnger and niece.
Miss Rosa Guggenheim, are still at Napa
Soda Springs.
Mrs. William Kennedy Is spending a
short season at Shasta.
Melville Dlnkelsplel Is still at San Ra
fael. His leisure hours are passed in
playing "golf" w:th some of our season's
belles.
The following well known people of
San Francisco are registered at Astors?
Springs. Lake County: J. E. Maloney, E.
Curtis. Mr. and Mrs. C. Renard, II. V.
McHugh and Mrs. Genard.
Out of Town.
Mr. and Mrs. L. N. Breed and Mr. and
Mrs. Charles C. Moore are passing the
season at tbe Hotel Arcadia. Santa Mon
ica.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert H. Burch (formerly
Eliot G. McComb) are spending the sum
mer at the Arcadia Hotel. Mrs. Burch is
well remembered as a charming and vi
vacious belle of San Francisco.
James -W. Byrne gave a very pretty
dinner party at Monterey on Saturday.
August 4, followed by an enjoyable drive.
The party left the Hotel del Monte In the
large bus at 7 o'clock and returned about
11. Mr. Byrne's guests were; Mrs. Irvine.
General William R. Shafter. Captain and
Mrs. "W. H. McKittrick. Mlsa Eleanor
Wood. Major Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Clin
ton E. Worden and Mr. and Mrs. Harry
E. Hall.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin gave a dinner at
the Del Monte Club house on Saturday,
August 4. at which she entertained Mrs.
Avery McCarthy, Miss Helen Wagner.
Miss Maenie HcNutt. Richard Tob.!n. Pe
ter D. Martin and others.
Receptions.,
Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Friedman <ne<»
Schnltzer) will receive to-day from 2 to J
p. m., at the residence. JZZT Hayes street.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Levy of 1178 Jack
son street will celebrate their twenty-fifth
wedding anniversary Wednesday evening.
-August 15.
At the Resorts.
HOTEL VENDOME. San Jose-From
San Francisco— A. G.- Freeman. Georjre A.
Rigg, W. M. Grlffln. E. A. Preble, E. C.
Allls, Mrs. M. S. Rosenthal. Mrs. I L
Rosenthal and child. Charles M. Pike,
John C.Donnin and wife. "W. J Andrews
and wife. Charles E. Hale. W. F. Bowers
Mrs. Alvord. r> r . J. W. - Keeney, Miss
Grace E. Loud. L. H. Ankele and wife
D.^ W. Graves, W. H.' Klnir Georce J
T&2l b^ W , tnheld ,f- ¦*»«¦'¦ and valet.
Haiff^^^^,. s p 5 g^r-Rr i a:
Wallace. Hoy M. Pike. Mrs. J. S. Fennell.
Mlsa Nora Riley. Mrs. F. T. Slattery.
Wren Wescott. J. H. Barbour and wife.
Mrs. Ashburner. James O'Connell, Frank
Koyenthal. J. K. K. Nuttall. Charles C.
Hulme and wife, C. P. Hall. A. B. Field.
Q. L. .Rosenthal. Mr. and Mrs. A. G»irten
laub, W. A. Xewuome, Mr. and Mrs. K.
C. Schmidt. H. Lanjrpaap. H. B. Churchill.
William Alvord. Mi.-<s Innes S. Keeney.
Abe .Rosenberg. Adolpb Rosenberg, Wil
liam F. Wood. Mrs. J. H. Slundy. Miss
Evans. Miss Barry. MI33 Smith. Miss
Mathes. Mr. and Mrs. W. IT. ChickTintf,
Mrs. Harold H. FJraly. Edward C, Hulme.
W. K. White. Miss Emily Chiokering.
Miss Pattle Chickering. St^rHnR r>. Carr.
Rorer Chicks rJr.p. John K. Bulger. C. A.
Bruns. A. 11. Castle, Mrs. N. Gerson.
-Miss Lulu Rothschild. Samuel G. Euckb^e.
H. W. Di^qs. John fi. (Juinn. M?s. John
E. Quinn. Mis* Lillian M. Quinn, Mrs. J.
J. Moore. ?,Iisa M. Solomon. Mlsa N. So!o
mr.n. Charles Jrwselir., Mi» Marie Jos-
Felvn. Miss Gertrude Josselyn. Isaac Up
harn, James K. Wilson, S. EL Eplen. F*. J.
Mayhew, E. Newman. J. S. NewmM,
William J. Hoes. Frank C. Dutton. Mis*
MafM Ho£ts, Mlsa Florence CallaRha^l
W. N\ Laizu, Miss E. M. Jones, Mt?s AtT 1
M. Jones. F. W. Ten Winkle. W. w.
BrifTirs. E. A. Smith. William F. Jacobs,
J. Marks. Mrs. Charles E. Chapman.
From Oakland — Mrs. T. F. Jenk
ins. Miss Mollie Feeney. Miss. J.
Feeney. From Alameda — Beath P.
Searight. Charles C. Hawley and wife.
J. G. Paton. From Honolulu. II. I.— Mr.
and Mrs. Francis Gay. E. D. Hall. T V
Hall. Mrs. P. C. Jones, Mi?s Allcell. Jones.
Robert I^v.ers, P. J. Wilhelm. Front
Xew York— Mrs. Martha L. Cohn. Mar
tin L. Cohn Jr. and maid. Harry M.
Jenkins. D. M. Leonard a*d wife. J. W.
Lalnsr. Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Fors. From
Philadelphia, Pa.— A. J. Benson. A. L.
Faust. Miss Jane W. Proctor. Miss Kath
erine Proctor. Georg» O. Albright and
wife. Miss Margaret Albright. F. K. H.
Hcrsh and wife, Miss Ruth Hersh.
WALDRUHE — Following are the
cuests: Mr. and Mr3. Charles F. Thier
bach. San Francisco : Mr. und Mr3. H. S.
Landon. Mr. and Mrs. H. Dankpr. AJi
mrda: Mrs. G. Schmidt. Georgie Scljmldt.
Miss Emma Greninger. Miss Lulu K*h.l
meyer, San Francisco; Mrs. Anna
Schwartz, Misses Lizzie. Anna and Emrna
Schwartz. Alameda: Mrs. A. H<Jlar.d
M4ss E. E. Holland. Mrs. M. Kronk^,
Mrs. G. Moyniham. Miss Gorglna Moyni
ham, San Francisco.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS^Arriva's:
G. W. Gorduria. A. I. Zeklnd, R, P.
Walsh. Frederick E. Lehuera, S. Bi3
finger. San Francisco; C. A- TVllllama.
Thomas Carrol. H. F. Root Mw H F
Hoot. C A. Root. Mrs. 1J. J. WeldorT Ti'.
B. Stevenson, J. H. DoUin. Mrs. J.' H.
Dolan, W. C. Smith. Sacramento; S.
Sulsky. D. Srnofsky. M. ~J. Canning. A.
C. Patterson. Portland. Ore.: II. r.
Christian. Mrs. H. F. Christian. M'.ss
Christian. Log Angeles: C. H. Withrow.
Bert E. Withrow. R. IV. Marple R, S.
Moore. George T. Baldwin. KlamsS
Falls. Ore.; A. H. Shabley. OaklaSt!!
James N. Valin. Anton P. Martin. Yreka:
J. >.. Edgcomb. Seattle; Mrs. G. John
ston. Lakeview; B. T. McCullough.
Crows Landing.
PASO ROBLES— The arrivals during
the rust week at Paso Roble3 Inelude:
San Francisco— P. O. Aune, I>r. and Mrs.
J- *>• Whitney. A. C. Israel and wife. V.
S. Holt. B. Hyman. S. Sepllg. Prank El
liott. Joseph F. Hughe*. P. II. FlerMnsr.'
H. Gutzett and wife. XT. R. Huff. ATes
M. Kochman. John R. Cross.
James L. Frazier. J. w. R. Sayers. T. B.
Maloncy W. T. Farrar. T. A. H.tva.
George E Maxwell. L. Abraham. Snl Pel-
S£ r> Sr , M " Hun *. H. E. 15is? S le«. W. V.
Wood. M. Wolfe. M. E. Prank. T>. C
Sc-hoenfeld, Mrs. J. M. Marshall. It A.
Mendelsen. Georjre Jackson, Geonr? L.
Barr. James Smith. Mrs. M. Adajns Fred
Koshland; Acamp,v- J. L. Lanuford. S B
I^ansrford. San Luis Oblspo— I^outa LoJny*
A. C. Campbell, George B. Xichob. Mrs.'
Conn. The wedding will probably take
place In the early autumn. Dr. Chtpman
is a graduate of Yale.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Braunersreuther. only daughter of Lieu
tenant Commander William Brauners
reuther. U. S. N.. at present captain of
the port cf Manila, and Lieutenant Edwin
D. Brickcr. Seventeenth Infantry. U. S. A.
Adolph C. Weber, president of the Hum
boldt Savings and Loan Society, an
nounces the engagement of his daughter,
Mis» Augusta Weber,- to Dr. Francis
Xavier Spranger Jr. of Detroit. The wed
ding, which will be a quiet home affair,
will take place about the middle of Oc
tober. The wedding trip will include a
journey through Europe, after which Dr.
Spranger will probably make a home for
his bride in this city.
The engagement is given out of Miss
Mary Reis. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.
C Reis. to Benjamin Temple Harrison.
Mr. and Mrs. Loewenberg announce the
engagement of their daughter Florence to
Leon Jacob?. They will receive Sunday,
August 26, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at their
residence, 1025 O'Farrell street.
The engagement reception of Miss Flor
ence and Mr. Kutner will be held at the
home of her parents, 1001 California street,
on August 12.
The engagement is announced of Charles
Currier, son of Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Cur
rier, to Miss Katherine Klotz. The wed
ding will take place some time In Sep
tember.
The engagement is announced of Mfss
Bertha Freund and R. L. Gamier.
The engagement Is announced of Her
man Sattler to Miss Hattie Lenolr, daugh
ter of Mrs. F. Lenolr of 516 Golden Gate
avenue. j
Weddings in the Near Future.
The wedding of Miss Irma Rothchlld.
only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Rothchild, to Louis Kohn, wil take place
from the home cf her parents, 1700 Broad
way, on August 22. Owing to a recent
death in the family the wedding will be
quiet. *
The marriage ofMeorge Smith of the
firm of Clabrough & Golcher to Miss
Lizzie Dax'is will take place from St
fetephen's Church on the 15th inst. The
groom Is well known and one of our most
popular young men. while the bride Is
one of our prettiest girls.
Wedding Bells.
The marriage cf Miss Gertrude H. Keene
and John H. Nelson took place on
Wednesday, August 1, at the residence
that is to be their future home In this
city. The house was very prettily and
tastefully decorated, the colors being plr.k
and green. The bride was attended by
Miss Helen de la Montanya ami Miss
Florence Nelson, who were maid ot honor
and bridesmaid respectively, und the
groom by Mr. Danielson and Robert'Nel
son, best man and usher respectively. The
bride was given away by her brother. W.
F. Keene. After receiving the congratu
lations of their friends and partaking of
a light wedding breakfast the couple left
for a short trip south. Mr. and Mrs. >>elr
son are very well known both In San
Francisco and Vallejo. at both of which
places they have a large circle of friends.
The wedding of Miss LUlle B. Overman
and Charles Chesley White took place at
noon. August 1. in Trinity Churcn. The
bride was attended by Miss Grace Poole
and W. W. Poole acted as best man. The
wedding breakfast was served at the resi
dence of the bride's parents and only the
immediate friends and relations were in
vited. After a sojourn in the northern
part of the State. Mr. and Mrs. White
will make their home in the city.
Colonel J. Walter Jones, formerly of
San Francisco but now of Honolulu, was
married to Miss Cora Hcnnghan. also of
the islands, on the 38th of last month.
An elegant reception followed at the
home of W. C. Wilder.
The wedding of Miss Cornelia Lee
Macrae, only daughter of Mrs. Colin L.
Macrae of Vallejo. to Lieutenant Dickin
son P. Hall, U. S. M. C, took place at the
chapel at Mare Island on Wednesday
afternoon, August 8. The ceremony was
performed by Chaplain Adam A. McAl
lister. U. S. N. Miss Eleanor Phelp3.
daughter of Lieutenant Commander
Thomas S. Phelps Jr.. U. S. N.. was the
maid of honor. Lieutenant J. D. McDon
ald. U. S. N.. wos the best man, and As
sistant Naval Constructor J. D. Beuret
U. S. N.. Captain Henry C. Davis, U. S.
M. C, Lieutenant H. Jerson, XJ. S. X.,
and Lieutenant Jay M. Balladay, U. S.
M. C, acted as ushers.
Alter the ceremony the bridal party
was driven to the home of Naval Con
structor Frank W. Hlbbs. U. S. X., and
Mre. Hlbbs. where a reception was held.
At 5 o"clock the naval tug Unadilla con
veyed Lieutenant Hall and his bride to
the South Vallejo depot, where they de
parted for Napa Soda Springs.
Lieutenant Hall Is the son of an army
officer and was born at Dayton. O. He
studied at West Point for two years but
111 health forced him to abandon the hope
of entering the army. When the Spanish
war broke out lie volunteered and was ap
pointed a second lieutenant. At the close
of the war he was given an appointment
in the regular corpp. He has secured pro
motion since, and Is now attached to the
battleship Iowa, which arrived In port
early In the week from Puget Sound. Cap
tain Harrison Hall. Fifth ArUliery U S
A., is his brother.
The wedding of Miss Bertha Helen
Houghton. daughter of Roscoe Houghton
to Ueuteiwuit Elmer Wright Clark, U S*
A., took place at the residence of the
bride s father. 3330 Washington street, on
Friday evening, August 3. The ceremony
was performed at 5 o'clock by the Rev.
Bradford Leav-ett of the First Unitarian
Church. Miss Meda Houghton. the bride's
Bister, was the maid of honor; Miss Flo
rence Davis and Miss Ethel Olney were
the bridesmaids. Captain Perry L. Miles,
U. S. A. was the best man, and LJeuten
ant W. H. Jordan Jr.. U. S. A., and Lieu
tenant Le Roy Ettinge, U. S. A., acted as
ushers. After receiving congratulations
and the serving of a wedding Bupper Lieu
tenant and Mrs. Clark left for a short
wedding tour. Upon their feturn they will
reside at the Presidio, where IJeutenant
Clark Is stationed with his regiment, the
Eighteenth Infantry.
The marriage of Miss Mary Edna Lln
nell. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. H. LJn
nell. to Lieutenant E. Holland Rtibottom
Ninth Cavalry. U. S. A., took place at the
First Presbyterian Church on Wednesday,
August 8. 'jThe ceremony was performed
at noon by the Rev. Kirk Guthrie. Miss
ttnel Hall of Sacramento was the brides
maid and Lieutenant George B. Pritchard
Ninth Cavalry. U. 8. A,, acted as best
man. The honeymoon- will be short, for
Lieutenant Rubottom has been ordered to
China on the transport Warren, which is
scheduled to sail for the Orient on Thurs
day, August 16.
The marriage of Miss Margaret Robin
son, sister of Mrs. William B.- Hamilton
to John Gushing Dornin. son of Mr. and
Mrs. George D. Dornin, took place at
Trinity Chapel on Thursday, August 2.'
The ceremony was performed at noon by
the Rev. F. W. Clampett. Immediately
after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. r>ornin
left for a honeymoon trip to Alaska, and
on their return will maka their, home In
Tucoma. ..•-..;, /
A pretty wedding was celebrated at Sa
cred Heart Church last Thursday even-
Ins. when Miss Theresa Kelly and Joseph
La.lt> were Joined In wedlock by Rev.
Father Byrne. The. ushers were Thomas
Grennan and Albert Laib. The bridal
procession wa« led by - Miss Margaret
Kelly, the maid or honor and Bister of
the. bride. Tho bridal party was met at
the altar by the groom, attended by his
b«t man, William Laib - -
The bride wis charmingly attired In a.
costuat or white organ flip over white taf
\ '--Xv- : . - ¦
luminated and the rooms were elaborately
decorated with smilax, ferns and La
France roses. The evening was passed
pleasantly with music, dancing anC
games. Both vocal and instrumental se
lections were rendered by Miss Sadie
Mendelson, Miss Annie Green and Miss
Blanche Kramer and Master Ben Shapro,
Recitations were given by Miss LUlie
Hlrshman. Master Herman Bauer and
Arthur Bauer.
The home of Captain and Mrs. James H.
Bennett. 223 Spruce street, was the scene
of a delightful muslcale on Saturday even
ing last. Miss Marie Ada Venjohann was
ably assisted by MIfs little Bennett. Miss
Mamie Kehoe. Mis:« B. Rickey, Willie
Rickey, Arnold Rose and Tom Noonan in
a programme which consisted of Instru
mental duets, violin, vocal and piano solos.
The music room was decorated with
potted palms and ferns. The drawing
room, which is furnished in pink and gold,
was a profusion of pink carnations and
maidenhair ferns. The refreshments were
served in the pretty dining room, the dec
orations being unusually attractive.
Among th*> guests present were: Captain
and Mrs. James H. Bennett. Mr. and Mrs.
John Barneson, Mr. and Mrs. F. Ric,
feta silk, trimmed with orange blossoms.
During the ceremony a choir of singers
rendered a chorus from "Lohengrin" wed
ding, march under the direction of Pro
fessor Arrillaga, After the ceremony the
bridal party and Invited guests were
driven to the home of the bride at 343
Fell street, whore a reception was held.
Mr. and Mrs. Laib will spend their honey
moon in the southern part of the State
and on their return will take up house
keeping on Suttcr street.
Home Gatherings.
A very pleasant and enjoyable surprise
party was given to Bert Hewelcke at his
icsldence, 123'i Clipper fitreet, Saturday
evening. August 4, in honor of his twen
tieth birthday. Among those present
were: Miss E. Muhl, Bert Hewelcke,
Mis-s Mattle Gibbons, Ed Hewelcke, Miss
L. Hewelcke. O. Paulson. Miss F. Todt,
Arthur Barthold, Annie Todt, I. Kohnke,
MIps E. Tcdt, K. Rutnip. Miss Delia Mc-
Oaffery. Al Barthold. Miss M. McCaffery.
Charles Dowlin^, Miss Lula Derbaum.
Ben Baker. Miss N. Grey. George Odell.
Mrs. M. T. Hewelcke and Al Buckley.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard G. Mayo cele-
Marshfleld.-Coos County, Or.: Mrs. R. M.
Welder, Miss Ruby Welder, Henry
Welder, wife, son and daughter of R, M.
Welder, agent of the O. C. and N. Com
pany's steamers, Marshfield, Coos County,
Or.; Harry ¦Nasburg, and Charles George,
representative of the William Naaburg
Dry Goods Company of Marshfleld.
The Astorias held their opening party of
the season at Golden Gate Hall last Tues
day evening, which was a brilliant suc
cess. Over 100 couples participated in the
grand march, which was led by J. C.and
Mlsa Rose Lackenback. The floor was
under the management of J. J. Llberman.
The tenth assembly of the club will take
place September 4.
Sailed Away.
The following Pacific Coast people sailel
for Europe on the Hamburg-American
lino express steamship Kaiser Frederick
from New York, August 2: Charlea N.
Felton Jr., P. S. de rEstollle. Mrs. J. J.
Fletcher, Edward Jansen, A. 1* Scherzer.
Mrs. Christine Peters, John Meinert, Z.
Lafrenchl.
Following la the passenger list of the
steamship Alameda, which sailed for Hon
olulu. Auckland and Sydney August h:
Honolulu— Miss H. Austin. Miss K. Bard.
A. C. Chambers G. L. Chandler. G. A.
Cooke, George de la Vergne. C. J. Ellin,
Miss A. Foster, . Major T. J. Gregg and
wife. Miss M. Gresjr, Mrs. James Har
rower.P. R. Helm, Milton Heyneman and
wife, H. Hill. O. H. Keyes, Miss I. Keyes,
James G. King, wife and child, Mlsa A.
E. Knapp. Mrs. C. J. Ludwigsen and two
children. H. T. Marsh, R. G. Moore. Miss
C. W. Paulding J. E. Peterson, Mrs. L.
Pickhard. E. Pollltz and valet, R. K. Rav
mond., W. E. Reavls and wife, 0. G.
Singleton and wife, J. J. Taylor and wife,
W. G. Taylor and wife. Mrs. J. B. Wat
son, .F. J. Wheeler, wife, three children
and maid, W. D. Wilder, W. J. Withers
and wife. Apia— Robert Tlbbitts. Auck
land — R. L. Adams, P. L.. Augousture*.
wife and child. F. Clark, Max Elchel
baum. S. J. Nathan. Mrs. G. Nlccol and
child. F. Oakden. Fred .Pepler, Thomas
Pepler and wife. Miss K. K. Pepler, Mlb3
I. W. Pepler, A. Petithory. wife and child.
Ia. Stouples. wife and child. Sydney — W.
G. Balfour and wife, C. A. Barnard, R.
Rlaxland, Frank Bond. George Bond. Dr.
F. G, Bralthwaite. wife and child, C.
Clark und wife. J. Collnge, Mrs. F. Cor
lan, W. J. Eilbeck. Mrs. A. E. Foster ami
son. N. Guthrldge, A. C. Lucas, James
Marsden, F. W. J. Moore, T. P. Purvey,
W. B. Vclra.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. King left on
Thursday for a visit to Portland and
Seattle.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Crocker were
in New York last week.
Mr. and Mrs. John F. Merrill are mak
ing a few weeks' stay In San Jose.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. and
the Misses Hush, who have been camp-
Ing at Guernevllle, have returned to
Frultvale. Mrs. Valentine Hush and Mr.
and Mrs. William Magee are nt Slmms. in
the Sierras, and will not return until Sep
tember.
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Proston, Miss Pres
ton and Miss Edith Preston leave for Del
Monte next week.
R. P. Schwerln was in New York early
in the week.
Mrs.' M. Studzinski of 2222 Pine street
has returned from Santa Cruz and will
be pleased to see her frlenda at her home.
Mr. and Mrs. Sol Getz are at present In
London. They will leave Southampton on
the 17th for New York and arrive in San
Francisco about September 1.
The Misses H. Pauline and Nellie Dinan
of 1102 Market street left for New York
on July 16.
Mrs. Otto A. Welhc sailed on the J. P.
Kimball to join her husband. She was ac
companied by her two daughters.
Mi?s Leila Graft of San Francisco is
spending a month with her pister, Mrs.
W. B. Josselyn. at Santa Cruz.
Miss Elizabeth Edelen of San Francisco,
who has been the guest of Miss Rena
Iloag at Healdsburg, has returned to her
home.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Hodgkins and fam
ily, prominent in Fresno society, have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900,
Mrs. Carl Horton Pierce
(formerly Edith Gross), a San
Francisco belle of last season,
is cf the real Gibson type, an
excellent- musician and very
popular. It was while on a
visit to her sister,Mrs. Charles
Lacy Plumb of. New York, that
she met her husband, a well
known newspaper man of that
city.
Continued on Pagro Thirty-Five.
34
SOCIETY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all otlirr facial blemishes «tk» removed h»
DR. and SIRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohie
*>ulM!nir. 1170 Market street, cor. Tav'-ir rnmn.
iS-23, with the electric- newllo wlthmfl J,Z™J
wear, rermaneney ?narantee<l: hours 1 to 4 p J
What the V.orlds Greatest SerpenMne Dancer
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the Skin Food and Tissue Bu'lijer
BRAHMAN .
TOILET CREAM:
<- I certainly can r^com- "*'*?J!p5L£'aK
mm.l your delightful Z&\^Ly<?6~~z£*\ fk
P.rahTT!nn Toilet <"r>*nm iS^* m
as th<» be?t thine for Its ywrrtt^aSaS '
purp<'»e I have pvr f^Sfv "v
u««>i!." I'rtcf. 2",c. Brnh- c^?^a "^^^¦9^"
nnn Tooth Powder, Z^c. /
Al! drurcri'its and at bV^rWE*^*^
A. V\". Traverse. M. I>. -
GREAT SPECIAL DISPLAY SALE
OF
BRAHHAN TOILET -CREAM AND
BRAHMAN TOOTH POWDER
THIS WEEK at the
LION DRUG COMPANY,
Cor. Market and Stockton Sts.
JMrs. Nettie Harrison's]
|"^y^#raestorer|
; Actually Restores GRAY OR fADED Qair to •
! Its youthful looks in FOUR DAYS. Not a *v, j
j Is pleasant to use. $1 a bottle, ail d«v»;
; gists. 1 FREE treatment to all purchasers. ;
! MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, }
| Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary St. S.F. | r
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, Saa FraasLjca.
.' UNION SQUARB.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS
¦>-;:;;'.;, IN OUR
New line of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in Battenberg and
Arabian effects, at ..§1.75 per pair
Special line of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, all new and
J % desirable patterns, at 62.25. per pair
Handsome line of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in Brussels-
Marie Antoinette and Battenberg effects, at. ...
82.75 per pair
250 pairs of IRISH POINT CURTAINS, our own importations,
good value at $7.50, on sale at 86.00 per pair
FINISHED COUCH COVERS, in rich Oriental effects .
$2 - 75 and i| p ward each
New goods arriving daily for our Art Needle Work Department,
consisting of the latest novelties from the European markets.
Dry Goods^^^^p Company.
///ICreniB de Lasl|
IJJ Known for nearly half a 1(1
[(( century as absolutely Y
Vu peerfess. II
/// It Creates a v
. m\ Perfect Complexion |
Iff and incites the skin to A
v\ g!ow. with . the healthy (I
))) look of early years. \)
Iff Removes tan, sunburn, )))
y\ pimples, etc., and leaves ///
III the skin soft and velvety. \u
v\ Ail Druggists and Principal In
JlJ Stores— 50c. HI
\|l A famous Cosmeticl///
ADVERTISEMENTS.Morning— Communion services,' "Spiritual
Dynamics." Evening— "Signs and Won-
First English Lutheran. Geary street, be
tween Gough and Franklin— Rev. E. Ice
lander. ''.
Eecond Unitarian, corner Capp and Twenti
eth streets— Rev. E. M. S. Hodfln.
Mornlng-"After Orthodoxy, What T' Even-
Ins — Xo services.
Morning— Rev. Bert Estes Howard of Stan
ford University will preach.-
First ITnltaiian. southwest corner Geary and
Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
Morning— "How to Abound.". Evening—
'.'Western . Civilization."
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth and
Railroad avenue— P.ev. H. N. Devler.
Morning— "Sacrament of the Lord's Sup
per." Evenins — "God and the Devil in
China." x" * L -: : -
fctewart Memorial V. P., Guerrero street,
between Twentr-second and .Twenty-third
— Rev. W. E. Uucan.
F"ir«t Pre*fryterlan. corner Van Ness avenue
anil Sacramento streets— Rev. Robert Mac
kenzie.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
lns—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing— "Evil and Pain Preparing the Way
for Ultimate and Eternal Good."
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Oeary and
Powell streets— Itev. John Hemphlll.
Morning— "Jesus Going Before." • Evening—
•"Without. Gcd and Hope." .
First 17. 1'., corner Golden Gate avenue and
Polk rtrect— Rev. H. II. Bell.
Emmanuel Evanjelical. Twelfth street,
between Market and Mission— Rev. W. H.
Altnouse.
Morning — "Life Work Tested." Evening-
"Spiritual Growth." -
Central M. F... Mission street, between
Sixth ami Seventh— Rev. ¦ S. D. Hutsin
pill?r.
Morning— "Is Not This Our God." Evening
—"In the Stormy Nights of Life."
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So-
Uno-Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Epworth XI. E., corner CSjurch and Twenty
sixth streetK-P.ev. V.'. II. Woodward.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same. .
Morning— "Sin and Grace." Evening— "Pol
icy -v«. Principle."
Morning— Services. Evening — Services at
4 p. m.; preaching by the rector. \
'-• Trlnltv M. E., corner Bush and • Gough
i> streets— Rev. Frederick Clampctt.
i- California Street M. E.. California and
& lirodcrlck streets— Rev. A. «:. Bane.
-i> Simpson Memorial M. E.. corner Hayes and
•i- Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Morning— "A Rich Church." Evening—
"Chrlet and Common People."
Morning — "Personality and Service." Even
ing—"The Youne Man's Social Life."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
lne—Same.
A First M. E.. Powell street, near Washing
4 ton— Itcv. W. S. Urmy. •
<J> — — _— — — —^—^— —
-*> Grace M. E-. corner Twenty-first and Capp
¦p streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning— "The Law of Forgiveness." Even
ing — "A Reasonable Expectation Disap
pointed."
<l, Howard Street M. E.. Howard street, be
.1, tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
<s> Wilson.
Morning — "The Primary and the Prayer."
Evening — "Christian Endeavors and Sec
tarianism."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Xo«
Etreets— Rtv. W. T. Ehepard.
Morning— "Christ's Love for the Church."
Evening— "Beholding the Beauty of the
Lord."
4 Richmond Coneregatlonal, corner Seventh
i, avenue and Clement street-Rev. Philip
<J> Cocmbe.
X First Congregational, comer Post and Ma
¦i. eon streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Morning— "The Demands of the Gospel."
Evenlntr — "Are Missionaries ¦ Meddlers In
Other People's Affairs?"
-i. Third OonKrepatlonal. Fifteenth street, near
•fv Mteeion— Rev. William Rader.
Morning — "The I^olns of line Minds." Even
ing—"Young Men and Their Problems."
Mornine— .\t the 11 o'clock mass Father Mul
ligan will nreach his first sermon since
his return with the Archbishop from Rome.
4 Et Mary'* Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
.1. O'Farrell street— The Most Rev. Arth
4, bifhop Rlordan.
% Church of the Holy Cress, Eddy street, be
¦:> tween Scott and Devisadero— Rev. Father
i. John F. McGlnty.
Morning— Rev. Father Prendergast will de
liver sermon at 11 o'clock mass. Evening—
Rev. Father Honnlsan will preach in the
evenlns.
Morning— Rev. Father Chiappa will deliver
a sermon at the 10:30 m&ss. Evening— Rev.
Father Mahony will preach in the even-
Inc after ve»i>er».
4> St Irnatiu*. Hayes etreet and Van Ness
.« avenue— P.ev. Father Calzia.
-?. Fir«t Baptist. Eddy street, between Jones
•i> and Leavenworth— Rev. E. A. Wood.
A —
<*> Emmanuel Bartlst. Bartlett street, near
<*> Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
'S>
Morning— Address by B. B. Jacques of
Chapel Car Emmanuel. Evening — "The
Books Were Opened."
Mornlnc — "Good and Evil In Every Life."
Evening 1 — "How Does God I^ead Us?"
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
„, Oakland Society.
Alex Young ar.d family and Mr. Cook
«.r.d family nf Oakland have returned aft
er a most delightful trfp to Honolulu.
Miss Marie Burgess has returned to
Mills Seminary at Oakland after spend
ing her \"&r.itic>!i with her parents. Rev.
and Mrs. BurRepj, at Ileoldsburg.
Mrs. M. BreiMng and Miss Lilian Brell-
P'-g are at Highland Springs for the month
August.
Mrs. WilMam McAllister has returned
from Hoilistrr.
Mirs Malocbe has returned from Marti
hfz.
Dr. and Mrs. Wakeficld have been at
Walnut Creek.
Mr. arid Mrs. George XV. Stark have
gone to British Columbia.
Mfcs Mamie Mitchell is at Nlles.
Miss Edna Jones has returned from Cor
onado.
D. Lt Lyon and wife are at San Mateo.
Mrs. A. I* Buhmeister of Suisun has
been vhitlr.fr here.'
Miss Sophie Johnson has returned from
Nevada City.
Mlt>s Nita. Meyers has returned to OaJc
!„. T. Merxrtn has returned to Napa.
Rev. R- Rhoda has returned from Ne
vada City.
Francis G. Kutz has been at VaJIeJo.
Mrp C. H. Bail has returned from Vaca
vllle.
Mrs. JJti£b McDonald Is at Dixon.
HerbCtL. .^JI*"'"* *ia3 returned from St.
GILROY SPRINGS-The following
g-uests registered at Gilroy Springs during
the past week: From San Francisco— P.
M. Kissane. M. Jwardraf, Ben Jonas.
James I. Regan, Captain Clancey, Patrick
Perry. J- L- Ev.in«? and family, J. M. Mor
rissey. Miss Lillian Dean. Miss Milile
Dean. Miss M*nnie l>ean. Miss W. Place,
Miss K. Lar.gworthy. Miss J. Coulson,
George Cummire. Peter Nielsen, Mrs. j'
I.. Foster. Miss Marie Foster. Miss Gwen
dolen Fay. D. P. Walter. Mrs. B. C. Smith
71. J. W;illas and wife. Mrs. Wagner.
Charles tfabmrf; Mrs. P. A. Mahoney,
Dan McLeod. A. A. Allen and wife. K.
Kohlmoos; Mount Ma<!or.na— R. W. Rob
inson. Jr><? Bert. Mrs. J. L. Nickel, George
Nickel. li. Nickel. ;>ed Stevenson: New
man — C. P. Paulson, wife and children;
Chlcag'v- MIss'Agm s Carrey. Mrs. M. Mc-
Corrr.ich: Alaska— If. l.as.-( j n: New York—
J. C. Wellesley; Oakland— Miss Lillian
Peterson. Mrs A. Armsircng. Miss Vivian
Armstrong: OUroy — O. T. Moore and wift.
Miss Vivian Cnurch. M. H. Ellis an<! wife
W. C. Bennett, iiiss Inez Fitzgerald. Mi~?
lzzfe Martin. Gecrge Martin. C. R. Days
inore.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
puests arrived last week at Byron Hot
Springs: From San Francisco — F. Butler,
Mrs. William Steinhart, Miss Tillie Low
enthal. Mrs. H. Torpey. Mrs. S. Bloom,
M. Brandenstein. Mrs. C H. Warner. S.
Burker. M. Miller. Frank Steiner. Mrs.
li. S. Chapman. Max J. Gundler, N. Cot
ij-ch, William Lawson, Mrs. S. Glasser,
Mrs. C. Craner. Otto Crimmann, Charles
Anderson, P. O'Meara. R. F. MeCallom.
A. Stock. J. J. Hintz, Mrs. F. Butler, M.
Bauer. R. Gardner, S. Bloom, Miss Brand
rr.stein, C. H. Warner. A. Siniblade. C.
E. Eagleson, John Baathahan, Mrs. R.
Chapmsn. R. Weber. \V. H. McManus,
Thomas A- Wallace. Otto Matzkan, Mrs.
Morris. William Marlow, Mrs. O. Crim
mann. Mrs. P. O'Neara. J. A. Barr, Mrs.
H. Hopeman; from Oakland— John Trul
fon. Mrs. P. ONell, Mrs. L. Sanders, P.
O'Nell, Mrs. Koewaski. A. Alexander:
from Sacramento— E. L. Kripp, D.
Radipran; from Stockton— Mrs. M.
Nelson and child; from Hay wards —
Mr. and Mrs. James O'Neil: from
Truckee — J. Adolph. Mr?. J. Adolph; from
Llverrnore— Mrs. J. Sweeney, Thomas
Lawlor and wife, R. I. MeCallom, Mrs. P.
Conley: from Randsburg— C. A. Burcham:
from Merced— George Gay. Mrs. H. John
*oji, P. II. Phillips; from Tulare— E. La
throp; from Modesto— Mrs. c. A. Crow,
Mrs. A. Roberts; from Angels— Mrs. M.
Reed. Albert McLean: from Jackson-
Henry Weil; from Antioch — C. W. Bel
fhaw, E. H- Stin«:hfield; from Grass Val
ley—Mrs. B. Johnson; from Baden— P.
Ferriter. Mrs. P. Fcrriter; from Mare
Island— James Lane; from Turloek — J. F.
Joyer. Mrs. il. Escaile; from Larkspur —
id. Escalle.
CORONADO— Mr. and Mrs. W. D. K.
Gibson of San Frar.cisco were guests of
honor at a dinner given Thursday even
ing by Mr. and Mrs. Julius Wangenheim.
Covers were laid for fourteen.
Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Rowan are enter
taining Los Angeles friends at Camp
Ccronado.
The seventh birthday of Grace Gibson,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. D. K. Gib
eon, was celebrated Friday by the giving
of a very cretty children's party.
Colonel P. T. Swain. U. S. A., and Mrs.
Swain, Colonel Voikman, L". S. A., and
wif<\ are guests at the Hotel del Coro
r.adr>.
Late Hotel del Coronado arrivals Include
E. L. Quinn. F. L. Skaggs and wife, B.
W. Smith. Redlands; F. A. Miller. River.
Fide; J. Toensfeldt. St. Loujs; Mrs. E.
I'iorpont. Nordhoff ; Erwln F. Gross. Pitts
burgr: Dr. S. P. Swearingen and wife,
Pat-ad«-na: Mrs. II. G. Chase, Boston;
Miss Maria E. Pease. Boston; Dr. E. W.
J-'li'mins, W. H. Obear and wife. Los An
peles; Mrs. Ada C. Beckwith. New i'ork;
IiItf. Charles R. Alley. South Pasadena:
Mr. ar.d Mrs. F. F. Oster and child, San
Bernardino: A. W. Ballard and wife,
Claude S. Holman, Dr. F. D. Holman, Los
Ar.greles: Miss Griffith. Omaha: E. H. San
derson and wife, J. von Serkey, Mrs. J.
A. Kingsley, Grace Kingsley, Los An
jrelps; H. M. Lichter.stein and wife, San
Francisco; O. M. Hale. Mrs. Walter J.
Dyer, Ivy M. Bauer. San Francisco; A. A,
Allen and wife, Los Angeles; Isabella L.
Gill. Riverside; Charles L. Bitter. Mur
physboro. 111.; D. P. Bosworth. Mrs. H.
A. Mathes. Arthur Hollick, \V. B. Law
rence. New York City: Mr. and Mrs.
Stanley Stillman. Dr. Barkan. Henry Gib
bons Jr., San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Breeden. Mrs. Or
v::> C. Pratt, the Misses Ella and Tiny
O'Connor and O. C. Pratt Jr. have re
turned to San Francisco after several
weeks here.
CARLSBAD— Among the arrivals at
Carlsbad are: A. M. N'ev.-maa, H. Wolf.
"U'iiiiam P. Harris and wife, Martha Ste
vcijf, Minnie Stevens, Mr. and Mrs. R. L.
C. Barnes, Mr. and Mrs. James Burtchaell,
Mr. and Mrs. Stephen J. Simmons, W. J.
Glilespie and Miss Cora Glllespie, San
Francisco; F. W. Milenz, Miss Harvey
and James N'oris, Vallejo; Mrs. Hobart,
Grace Hobart, Mr. and Mrs. T. Sullivan,
James Kcss and Henry Merrill, Oakland.
BLLE LAKES— The following guests
r*gistered at Blue Lakes during the past
week: W. G. Fttzmier, Julian F. Rosen
berg, Mrs. P. Levy and daughter. Sylvia
A. Cobkrtz. A. L. Bolmont. Mrs. A. L.
Belmont. Wslllam J. I'.avraond, Mrs. F. J.
Raymond, Hattie A. c'oblentz. Mr. and
Mrs. W. Finbrcse. Julian Lcrnle. Mrs. J.
Lrury. Miss S. L. Scott. Xmelda E. White.
C. ts. While. Mrs. O. &. White. J. Levy,
San Franoisco; E. E. Gray and wife.
Lower Lake; Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Dig
nan. Patrick II. Cunningham, Santa
Rosa; Nellie G. Carey, umaha. Neb.:
SlyrtM A. Rosenberg. Hcaldsburg; W. A.
McNaznaxa, Ukiah.
EaUon Miils, William Graves: C M Wil
l:amp Minneapolis: Gecrge A. Troudy Los
Angeles: W. & Hill. Bradley: D. M LFWd
enu wire, v, crcester, Mass.: P J ORoillv
ban Miguel; L M Williams. San Lucasf
•I- II. Davis. Oakland. : _
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS-The fol
lowing guests registered here during the
last week: From San Francisco— Mr. and
Mrs Frank \\\ Warren. Mr. and Mrs. EL
":.,, Newbauer and child, Mr. and Mrs.
rln t ?3S <rS harlcs ,, Vose! ' Geor^ E. Bar-
M« : h L , eopold V p. J. Faber. Mr. and
jJm;.«, T3. Hol ? m , an> Mn and ilrs - Osborn.
JCUna Piatshek. M. J. Platshek. G. m!
v |O.f. Mr. and Mrs. William Evans, Miss
Marparet Lynch. Mr. and Mrs. John G.
f!^ er «f KW. P- H. Livingston, Julius
J-*^}. J. M. Lt-chtenstein, Miss M. Him-
Oakland-Emlle Rehrle; from Glen Ellen
r-~- £• t C " OJSpaaelU Mrs. R. M. Lane.
ixrs. McLean, llrs. Gunner.
t £ H £ GETSERslThe" list of arrivals at
v^v G ! ys f r S fc^ rin es during the past
1 ff- k 1 " cl::dcs: W - Arrowsraith. Morris
r^»' M v. cr <- ohen t S. Beitandlg. F. Mc-
Carthy. Mr. and Mrs. c. Perry. Miss E.
Ainson George Diettle. W. Piunkett, J.
1 erra-uit. L. btoerr. A. |f«ese and wife. E.
i-ocea-n. A. Cr.nen E. Olion, San Fran
c.sco: J. Bal.agh. Benicla; J. Smith, Val
lejo; \\. Weilbye ajid wife, J. Weilbye and
£>fe. Mrs. W. Dames. Oaklar.d; Miss
AAajter.ba.ugh. Liverraore; Leslie Green.
Oakland; W. Hopkins. Sacramento: Miss
Campbell. Cleveland. O.; Mr. and Mrs. J.
ilntinger, Belmom, Mass.
Amity Rebekah Lodge Is starting in well
with the new term. At the meeting of the
4th inst. the officers initiated half a dozen
candidates and there were several
more candidates for initiation last
night. The lodge will hold an open
meeting on the night of the 18th Inst., on
Rebekahs.
Some time ago a report reached the
membership of Bidwcll Lodge of Biggs,
Butte County, that one of us members
had died in San Francisco and had been
burled in the potter's field. Joseph
Keppel of the lodge was sent to
this city to make an Investiga
tion. He found that the member
had passed away and that his remains
had been placed in Laurel Hill Cemetery
by the general relief committee of San
Francisco. The committee does not allow
a member of the order who may be sick
to suffer for want of attention and if he
dies his body to be neglected and allowed
to be buried in pauper ground.
The* new encampment at Snelling will
be Instituted on the 20th inst. by the
grand patriarch and other grand officers,
and Past Patriarch James Leonard and
members of San Joaquin Encampment of
Merced will do the work.
From reports received 1 it appears that
during the first six months of the cur
rent year the subordinate branch of the
order shows a net gain of 620 with a num
ber of lodges to hear from yet. The pat
riarch branch also shows a good Increase.
At its last held meeting Yerba Buena
Lodge had a double Initiation.
Last Monday night Fidelity Lodge held
its usual "nrst night In tne montn open
meeting." There was,. as on previous oc
casions of this kind, a large number of
members and their friends, who filled the
hall to its limit, a proof of the popular
ity of the socials of this lodge. The com
mittee of arrangements had a fine pro
gramme of entertainment; which was ap
preciated in the extreme by all, they
manifesting their approval by loud and
frequent applause. The programme in
cluded the following numbers: Piano solo,
Mrs. Pracy; a few remarks on Odd Fel
lowship by Grand Master W. \V. Watson;
select reading, K. K. Dorner: specialties,
Henry Neiman; vocal solo. Master Willie
Dodge: specialties, J. P. Gibson of Pre
sidio Loage; xylophone solo, J. Casad:
musical duet, "Master and' Pupil," Mary
Neiman and Lottie Calsing; vocal solo,
Arthur Macphee. This was the first en
tertainment given- under the rule of W,
B. Curtis, the newly installed noble grand.
It was a decided success. After the pro
gramme there was dancing.
What the Odd Fellows do for a sick
brother is illustrated by the following
from a recent issue of the Utah Odd Fel
low: "A lodge In St. Louis recently buried
J. \V. Allen, aged 65 years. He joined the
lodge December 17, 1853, and in 1854 un
fortunately lost his mind. lie was sent
to the insane asylum, where he remained
until his death. The lodge paid his bene
fits during his forty-one years' stay in the
asylum, amounting to $9400. The encamp
ment branch paid benefits amounting to
*eooo."
At the meeting of Sargent Lodge last
Friday night the members and visitors
were delightfully entertained with an il
lustrated lecture on a tour through Eu
rope, delivered by Charles A. Sumner, a
prominent member of the order.
The Odd Fellows.
Last evening quite a large party of the
members of the Kastern Star made a rail
road ascent of Mount Tamalpais.
The grand matron will hold a school of
Instruction on the 21st inst. for the benefit
of all the officers of the local chapters.
There will be two sessions— one at 10
o'clock in the forenoon and the other at
half-past 1 in the afternoon, while In the
evening Ivy Chapter will exemplify the
work of initiation.
Yerba Buena Chapter, which was Insti
tuted on the night of the 4th inst., has
decided to meet on the first and third Sat
urday of each month. At the institution
sixty-five were admitted to membership
on transfers . and sixty by initiation.
Eighteen who made application to become
members, being unable to be present at
the institution, will be initiated at a fu
ture meeting. It had been intended to
name the chapter California, but as there
had been one of that name, which went
out of existence many years ago, it was
thought best. not to use the name.
Mission Chapter, at its meeting last
night, had work In the initiatory degree.
In the presence of a large number of the
members % of tho order, including many
past officers. On the evening of the 25th
inst. this chapter will give ! a children's
party" in Its beautiful hall In Mission Ma
sonic building. A most interesting pro
gramme has been arranged for the occa
sion.
Order Eastern Star.
Women of ¦Woodcraft
The banner party that is to be given in
Union Square Hall' on the night of the
14th and, 15th; inst. promises to be one of
the most entertaining and well. arranged
affairs that has ever been given , under
the r direction t»f: Redwood Circle: of i the
Women - of Woodcraft. - Each .evening
there will be an entertainment, commenc
ing ; a t 8 o'clock, ; to : be : followed '. by ; danc«"
Ing after. 10 o'clock. In addition ;to a most
excellent * vaudeville ~ programme .. ¦ which
which occasion an interesting programme
will be presented for the entertainment* of
the members and the invited guests. • -
'On the night of the 4th inet. WalhaJla
Rebekah Lodge gave an apron and neck
tie party that was attended by almost the
entire membership and 'a great many of
the friends of this very hospitable Ger
man lodge. Previous to the dances there
was a short programme of select numbers,
which was toilowed by the grand march,
when the aprons and ties were distrib
uted. The function was under the direc
tion of the committee on social hour, com
posed of Mrs. Lillie Meredith, Mrs Hock
ing, Mrs. A. Buck. Mrs. Dora Fyle and
Mrs. von Gelsterfeld. The lodge will in
future have a social monthly for the en
tertainment of its members and friends.
During the social hour after business in
Oriental Rebekah Lodge last Wednesday
ni;ht there was a potato race by the
members. Miss Myrtle Baker and W. O.
Park won the first prize, a cake, and for
the second prize thore was a tie among
three couples. This prize was a box of
candy, and it was left to the Solomonlike
Wisdom of Mrs. Allle Parker, the noble
grand, to determine who should have the
prize*. In order not to create any jeal
ousies among the contestants she divided
the candy among all present. -
Mrs. Klvtra Pope, deputy for district
No. 57. paid a visit to the lodges In her
district, and as is usual each lodge paid
her the amount of her expenses, V. hen
s.he returned to her home she discovered
that e?eh lodge had allowed her more
than she had actually expended, so she
donated that surplus:. $10 In the aggregate,
to the Orphans' Home at Gilroy.
The forty-ninth anniversary of the Insti
tution of the Rebekuhs will snortly be ob
served, and it has been decided to ask
the lodges of this jurisdiction to make
that a donation day— that is. that each
lodge In some manner contribute some
thing for the Orphans' Home, which at
this time is in great need of a hospital
ward. A circular letter to that effect win
be sent to each lodge.
Mrs. C. A. Hoxett, president of the Cali
fornia Assembly. In a letter to Secretary
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho tells of her travels
in Europe with her soir-ln-law and daugh
ter, Mr. and Mrs. Valll. They went to
The Hague and Amsterdam. Holland and
were planning to go to Scotland and Paris.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge will give a cas
r carone party in its hall on the night of
the 21st Inst. There will be plenty of
pretty girls, lots of cascarones and a good
programme of dances.
San Francisco Lodge at its last held
meeting received four applications. There
is a movement afoot in this lodge to have
a State Grand Lodge in any State where
ten or more subordinate lodges exist.
A number of members are opposed to a
proposition to increase the lodge dues and
claim to have sufficient to defeat the
proposition. When the matter does come
up it is likely that there will be a spir
ited debate.
San Francisco Lodge has organized "a
pedestrian annex." to be composed only
of Elks. The members start at 10:10
o'clock each Sunday morning from the
lodgeroom and walk to the Cliff. They
propose to extend their tramps into the
surrounding country. Last Sunday a num
ber of Elks under the marshalship of Phil
Bolger tramped fourteen miles.
Robert Lloyd is organizing an Elk Quar
tet to render the music during initiations
and at public events.
V. R. Ullman, who has just returned
from the East, had to visit so many sub
ordinates in the East that he lost about
forty pounds in weight.
Dr. Short of the ways and means com
mittee of No. 3 is enjoying a yacht cruise
to recuperate from arduous duties in con
nection with the last given banquet.
Secretary Jones of San Diego Lodge,
who is known as the Nestor of that body
was in this city for two weeks looking
up law points to spring on the members
of the lodge. This subordinate has a
membership of 174. has elegant headquar
ters and the membership is gradually in
creasing.
Reno Lodge, with a membership of 150,
is reported by Brother Dunnas.in a pros
perous condition: It received applications
at its last held jneetinjr-and initiated three
candidates, -^t- .'• . • . ,
This afternoon at 3 o'clock at Freeman's
Park. Golden Gate, there will be a base
ball game between I the Oakland and
Stockton Elks. The teams are very even
ly matched, as was ¦ evidenced by the
game between the same nines In Stockton
a couple of weeks ago. when the Oak
land contingent carried off the honors by
a very small margin. "Tip" O'Niel of Na
tional League reputation, a charter mem
ber of Oakland Lodge 171, will be behind
the bat for his team to receive the de
ceptive curves of Harry Platt or Charley
McCleverty. both of whom have a wide
reputation for their clever -work in the
box. The Elks of Oakland are held in
high esteem by the people of their city
and that a large audience will be there
to witness the game goes without saying
Oakland s membership has now passed
the three hundred mark and the indica
tions are that it will soon reach the four
hundred notch. Secretary Hannifin Is re
ported as enjoying the best of health.
The Druids.'
Last Sunday a preliminary meeting of
past arches of groves in this city and
Oakland was held for the purpose of
forming a Past Arches' Association. It
was called to order by James F. Martin
onl. junior past noble grand arch, who
briefly explained the object to be the
forming of an association of those who
had reached the highest station on the
groves, for the purpose of maintaining
fraternal relations, of being in closer
touch with each other and cementing the
fraternal friendship that Is one of the
i cardinal principles of Druidism. The
"speaker was elected temporary president
and Grand Secretary John M. Graves
temporary secretary. After some discus
sion it appeared to be the sense of those
present that the association should also
have social features, that a small initi
ation fee should be charged and a small
sum as quarterly dues be levied. The fol
lowing named were appointed a commit
tee to prepare a plan to be presented at
a meeting to be held on the 9th of Sep
tember, at which time permanent officers
will be elected. James Hagan, L. M. Fab
bry, John F. Rossi, S. Pidancet and John
Hutton. Sixty past arches signed a peti
tion to Noble Grand Arch Lange for a
dispensation to organize the association.
All present were very enthusiastic.
The occupying of new quarters in For
esters' Hall. Oakland, by Oakland Grove
last, week .was marked by a banquet for
the members and a few specially invited
guests. The grove proposes to make a
good showing during the current term.
Benicla Grove received 'the applications
of six individuals who wish to become
Druids. When these are initiated it will
raise the membership to fifty-three.
Grand Secretary Graves, in company of
Grand Marshal C. Guglielmoni, has gone
to'Humboldt and Del Norte Counties to
make oRicial visits in the groves in that
section of the jurisdiction. ; They will be
gone ten days on that trip.
May Held Grove reports one application
at its last held meeting. The grove will
give a picnic at Maytield Park next Sun
day.
Kicaslo Grove, the smallest numerically
in the jurisdiction, is the richest. It owns
its own hall ¦ and almost every male In
habitant of that place has his name on
its* membership roll.
Garden City Grove will confer the sec
ond degree in the .amplified form by its
new team at its next meeting.
> Olympia Grove received three applica
tions at Its last held meeting and con
ferred the second and third degrees on
nine This grove; but.' five
months , old, already possesses a hall of Its
own and recently was offered a bonus of
$2009 for the hall. It expects to have a
hundred members before the end of the
year. .
The supreme representatives have all
left for - the East to > attend : the supreme
session' at Indian&polls. . •:• ...
Templar Grove and Eureka Grove were
visited last week by the special commit
tee of the celebration convention and it
was accompanied by Junior Past' Noble
Grand Arch Martinonf. ' The visitors -were
well received and the groves declared
in favor of the celebration.- The prepar
ations for the Admission day celebration
are progressing and - it ¦ is expected that
many hundred Druida will be in line." .
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
will be presented, under the direction of
the committee of arrangements, of which
Neighbor Mrs. Schweinhardt is the chair
man, there will be ; a contest for the most
popular Women, of. AVoodcraf t, two. prizes
being offered, one . being a gold watch.
There .will also.be chopping contests by
members of the Woodmen of the World
and nail 'driving contests by Women Of
Woodcraft. There will, in addition, be a
novel presentation of "Uncle Tom's Cab
in" by members ¦ of the order who have
an idea that, heretofore it has never
been presented as it was the intention of
the writer of the play that It should be.
This will, the . committee says, "be the
banner party." .--% -
Redwood . Circle held Its first meeting
last Tuesday night in its new quarters
In Union Square Hall. There was a large
attendance and a number of congratula
tory speeches were made during the even
ing. Mrs. Wilder, the new guardian
neighbor, has taken hold of the work of
the circle with 'a* great deal of vim and
with the assistance of the other members
and officers expects to make her term of
office a noteworthy one. The circle In
itiated seven candidates.
National Union.
There was a largely attended meeting
last Tuesday night of California Council
in Elks' Hall. Four candidates were
given their three degrees in a very ac
ceptable manner • and after the work
there was served a collation and light
refreshments.. During the evening the
council decided to lend its aid to repre
sent the order, in the- Admission day
parade by a symbolic float.
The entertainment plven by the Na
tional Union Social and Literary Club
in Odd Fellows' Hall last Wednesday
night scored anoth'er mark of success for
the club. The hall, prettily decorated,
was filled with a most select and ap
preciative audience. It enjoyed the ex
cellent programme that was presented,
every numben being encored. It has be
come one of the fashionable fads to at
tend the entertainments of the National
Union, and recently a number of club
parties have been formed to enjoy these
very delightful functions.
Senator F. H. Hastings has returned
from the Senate and gave an interesting
account of the doings of that body to
California Council last Tuesday night.
The Native Daughters.
The members ; of Orinda Parlor No. 56
have ¦ arranged an entertainment and*
dance to be given In the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building on the night of
the 16th inst. In aid of the l«0 fund. The
parlor has secured some of the best talent
In the city for that occasion, and it will
present a programme that will be most
enjoyable.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 50 will take part
in the parade on the luth of September.
The members have arranged for a float
and have adopted white. Dlack and gold
as their colors for the celebration.
Alta Parlor has also decided to take
part in the parade, and it proposes to
make up a distinctive part of the Native
Daughters' division.
Miss Sophie Struss of Calaveras Parlor
was chosen as the Goddess of Liberty foe
the Army and Navy Parlor of the Native
Sons' minstrel entertainment in Native
Sons' Hall last Wednesday night. In that
capacity . she crowned the •rmy and the
navy, represented by two young men in
the uniform of each arm of the service.
This young lady, a member of the beauty
parlor of the order. Is a. handsome one,
and as the goddess she was most charm
ing, maintaining the parlor's reputation
for beauty.
In a letter .to Grand Secretary Miss
Laura J. Frakes, Past Grand President
Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, writing from Paris,
France, tells of the delightful time she
has had visiting strange lands, seeing tht>
wonders of the exposition and the won
derful sights in the metropolis of France.
She was to leave for Switzerland, then go
to Germany, then to London, from which
point she will sail for home on the 19th
of . September. "With all the grandeur I
have witnessed,", writes Mrs. Conrad,
"there is nothing to me so grand as Cali
fornia." - - >
• The officers 'of . La. Paloma Parlor of
GUroy were installed by Mrs. Durkee of
Vendome Parlor. D. D. G. P., assisted by
Mrs. Shale as grand marshal. Mrs. Ber
tha Babb Is the new president. Following
the Installation, which was public, there
was a. programme of entertainment and
the presentation, on behalf of the parlor,
of a purse to the child of Mr. and Mrs.
Oscar Johns, who was named for the par
lor, the presentation of a beautiful pillow
and a jewel to Mrs. Anna Reeve, past
president, and then there was dancing
and refreshments^
.Woodmen of the World.
The" 1 delegates "from California to the
Head Camp session to be held in Salt
Lake City will start for that city to-mor
row. A number of Woodmen will accom
pany them, as will also the degree team
of Golden Gate Camp, in all about sev
enty-five choppers. The delegates have
adopted a beautiful blue and gold badge.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Camp
last Monday night there was a large at
tendance, and after the matter was fully
discussed it was decided to send the de«
pree team to Salt Lake to exemplify the
work before the Head Camp. The follow
ing named were by the officers
and team: J. H. Smith. Z. G. Benjamin.
G.^W. SChrank. C. E. Riedell. E. J. Hub
bell. Jerry i Watson, John W. Smith. J. E.
Elliott, L. ( H. Menke. J. V. Black, Olot
Nelson, F. H. Nearguard, H. D. Lebhard,
Henry Kemp and P. Sullivan. On the
night of the 20th Inst. the camp will have
fifteen -more to admit by Initiation. The
camp has appointed Neighbors Haley,
Galvin, Gates. Rabe and Welnert a com
mittee to secure employment for mem
bers of the camp needing such.
Last Sunday Golden Gate Camp visited
Cypress Lawn- Cemetery, where with ap
propriate ceremonies the officers of the
camp unveiled a monument that was
erected to the memory of the late Homer
L. -Bishop, who was a member of the
camp. '.L-^
Foresters of America.
At the meeting of Court Sutro Heights
to be held to-morrow night the question
of taking part as a court In the Admis
sion day celebration will come up for con
sideration. The meeting will be called at
half past 7 o'clock as the social commit
tee has arranged for a dance to be given
on the third floor of the Pythian Castle
for the members of the court and. their
lady and gentleman friends after the
meeting.
The following named have been ad
mitted into membership of Court Inde
pendence by Initiation: J. J. Kelly, John
Tvsselrean. ,E. J. Lawlor. William
O'Hara Robert Griffin, Frederick Kelly,
Jeremiah Deasy, J. A. See, Dr. Charles
E Parent. S. L. Pierce, F. Marshall. E.
Brandhorst. D. Fleming, J. A. Duffy and
E F. Montague.-
I The executive council at its meeting last
Tuesday voted an appropriation to make
a display in the Admission day parade.
It s'tit out a circular calling for a meet-
Ing of one delegate from each court ' on
the 23d Inst. to determine what part the
individual courts or the courts collective
ly, will do toward swelling the parade on
that day. , : ¦' • • • ' ¦
The council edopted a series of resolu
tions to the memory of the late Lewis
Thome, past grand and high chief ranger.
The reports for the first six months of
the year show -that there were on the last
day of June 163. courts In the jurisdiction
of California with a membership of 14.236.
The increase in membership in that time
wa« net. 644. Since that date four new
courts have been Instituted.
Last- Tuesday evening the executive
council after adjournment paid a . visit to
Court San Francisco and a pleasant and
instructive hour was spent.
Court Aurora will hold its twenty-sec
ond anniversary banquet on the night of
the 25th inst. ? ¦ ¦
Independent Order Foresters.
, The; Past Chief Rangers* Association
held an Interesting meeting last Thursday
night and .President Mack | announced
that he would shortly appoint a commit
tee of five to serve for six months, whose
duty It shall.be to provide entertainment
during that period for the. members of the
association • and for the l membership of
the order at large as well as friends who
may wish • to / become acaualn ted with
the order. '¦ > - ¦ - ., ... .
-A.ua, meeting, of -Companion Court Ra
mona last" Tuesday night -the name was
changedto Yerba Buena/ being the same
as that of the .Court- of : Foresters 'which
brought It ; Into : existence. Two • applica
tions were filed and- two candidates were
initiated. Under good of the order ¦, there
were addresses \ by • P. Prior, I D. . D., : and
Dr. IL M. Beck. D. T>. G." C.; R. ; . r
nLJU 1 1 lUlinL K
social hews
¦ — ?
Continued from Page Thirty-Four.
Among the officers who returned from
Manila on the transport Sherman, which
arrived in port on Monday, were Col
onel E. B. Williston, U. S. A.; Captain W.
H. Gordon, U. S. A.: Lieutenant W. D.
Connor, D. S. A.; Lieutenant W. W. Fls
cus Jr.. U. S. A.: Lieutenant H. A. Sie
vert. U. S. A.: Lieutenant H. E. Ely, U.
S. A.; Lieutenant A. B. Smith, U. S. A.,
and Lieutenant E. W. Perkins, U. S. A.
Mrs. Merriam, wife of General H. C.
Merriam, U. S. A., expects to Join her
son. Lieutenant H. M. Merriam. Third
Artillery. W. S. A.. In this city before his
departure for China. Lieutenant Mer
riam was among the younger army offi
cers to see service In the Philippines.
Colonel E. B. Williston. who for over a
vear was provost marshal of Manila, Is
at the Occidental Hotel en route to his
home Jn Baltimore, on sick leave.
Major Robert J, Gibson. U. S. A., has
been appointed attending surgeon and
medical superintendent of the army
transport service here and sanitary in
spector of the department. He succeeds
Major "William H. Arthur. U. S. A., who
has been ordered to China.
The latest personal notes relative to
army and navy people who are known In
San Francisco are appended:
Army and Navy Notes.
Henry Koerber Jr. Is rusticating at
Harbin Springs. Lake County, where he
will spend a vacation of three weeks.
Mrs. G. W. Arnold and daughter have
returned from a visit to Glen Alpine
Springs. Lake Tahoe.
Miss Lela Langer of 1346 Pearl street
has returned home after a pleasant visit
with friends in Stockton.
Charles Miller and his sister. Miss An
nie I* Miller of Santa Clara avenue and
Ninth street, have returned from a tour
of Europe, where they went last \ May..
They visited Rome and the Paris Ex
position in their travels.
Mrs. K. K. Ives has returned from Los
Angeles, where she made quite an ex
tended visit to the family of her son
Jesse. She will now visit friends in
other parts of the State, and finally re
turn to Los Angeles, to remain till the
beginning of next year.
Mrs. Robert Swavne is the guest of
Mrs. F \V. Van Sicklen at Arbor Villa,
Mrs. K. C. Maillot and children are ex
pected home from the Hawaiian islands
in October.
Mrs. Emma W. Shattuck writes the
Argus from Stockholm that she expects
to start fcr America August 30. and her
friends may. therefore, soon expect to
welcome her home from her extensive
foreign travels.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur G. Burns returned
last evening from Southern California,
where they went on their honeymoon trip
several months ago.
Miss Gertrude Hinehman left last Fri
day for Pacific Grove, where she was
joined Sunday by her mother. They will
ppend a several weeks' stay at that resort.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Hanley of 1011
Morton street and Mr. and Mrs. Charles
A. Hulme of 1417 Caroline street formed
a party which recently returned from an
outing at Congress Springs.
Mi?s Bessie Johnson, a teacher in the
Ivongfellow School, has been unable to
resume her duties thus far this term on
account of illness. She is at present at
h<*r hom«» In Pleasanton.
Miss Aiinie Spreekels of Moore's Hall,
SatUa Clara County, is spending a few
di<ys here visiting friends.
" Edward O. Crosby is again able to be
on the street after being confined to his
home for ten days with illness.
G. \V. Hickman. Clarence Richter and
P. Saxtcn have left for Mendocino County
on a hunting and camping outing.
Miss Jessie Dodge and Miss Lueile Den
nis returned to Mills College to-day to re
sume their suidie? for the fall term.
Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Barth and Mrs.
Alwina Barth have moved to 918 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda.
Alameda Society.
The Misses Brazelton of Dixon are In
Oakland.
Miss Blanche Smith Is at the Breakers,
near Dixon.
Miss Maud Swift has been at St. Helena,
Mrs. Cornwell has returned to Benlcla.
Miss Annie lrwin has returned from
Grass Valley.
Kdgar Dean Is at his father's ranch near
Vacaville.
Miss Edith Stone of Gridley is In town.
Mrs. Lona Faulkner Is at LJklah.
Mrs. T. Hanson and daughter have been
In Nevada City.
Miss Pauline . Fore gave a pretty
"hearts" party at her homo on Franklin
street. Oakljvud, on Monday afternoon.
August 6. complimentary to Miss Chrissie
Tatt and Miss Marietta Havens. Among
her other guests were: Miss Annie Clay,
Miss Marie Butz. Miss Edith McCabe,
Miss Bessie Rowcll. Miss Florence Hayden.
Miss Susan de Fremery. Miss Beatrice
Vrooman, the Misses Hush. Miss Ethel
Valentine, Miss Gertrude Allen. Miss Hes
ter Prinffle. Miss Bessie Palmer. Miss Ger
trude Gould. Miss Ruth Metcalf. Miss
Margaret Sinclair. Miss Florence Starr,
the Misses Gape. Miss Jane Rawlings,
Miss Olive Midiik-ton. Miss Blanche Sha
ron, the Misses Knowles. Miss Jean How
ard. Miss Katherine Anderson, the Misses
Crollin. the Miesos Moore, Mrs. Wickham
Havens. Mrs. Irvine I-undborg. Mrs. Wil
liam Cooke. Mrs. Beach Soule, Mrs. Henry
Nichols and Mrs. George Hammer.
Mrs. I,evt Bardo has been in Oakdale.
Mrs. J. F. Jollner has returned to Napa.
J. R. Thomas has been In Nevada.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
Moraine— "Mind.", All Invited.
St. Luke* «. .Van New avenue 1 : and ; Clay
etreel— liev. D. C Garrett.
Morning*— Preaching by the pastor. -•E'sen
. Ins— Sam*. - . -
Flrct Church of Chrlet. Scientist. Central
Mock. TZZ Sutter «treet— The Bible and
Science - and Health, With Key to the
Scriptures.
35
AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commenclne
SUNDAY MATINEE. AUGUST 12th.
AN ANTIDOTE FOR ENNUI!
ZS JOHNSONS
The Cleverest Club Swinging
Combination in the Country.
-SA M MOR R IS-
AND COMPANY
In the Funny Farce Comedy.
"JACK'S THANKSGIVING."
MRS. BESSIE
BLITZ-PAXTON
San Francisco Society Operatic Vocalist.
-- MACART'S --
DOGS and MONKEYS
In America's Most Wonderful Act.
BENNETT and STEMBLER,
In a New Sketch by GEORGE M. COHAN.
MEEKER-BAKER TRIO,
In "The Only Way"— to be Good Clowna.
HOOKER AND DAVIS
The World's Greatest Dancing Act.
JOLLY JOHN NASH
Mimic and Instrumentalist.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
Showing the Paris Exposition
and Queen Victoria in Dublin.
Mat:se3 To-Da.*, Sunlar, August 12.
Parquet 25c, any neat: balcony 10c:" children
10c, any part. A few front rows of the orches-
tra, reserved, 50c: front rows of balcony, re-
served. 25c.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
TO-DAY SUNDAY, AUGUST 12
CLASSICAL HOUNDS
CHAMPION
Open Stakes !
NINETY-SIX PERFORMERS.
$1335 —.PRIZE MONEY — S1335
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets
10:15 a. m., lla. m., 12 m. and
1p.m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
five minutes later. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after last course.
San Mateo Electric Cars every sbt
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
' pg^p'^aiw'w^gy wMsmaii'gatwiBgBi ' to-night, fare-well of
DUNNE & RYLEY'S ALL-STAR CA3T. :
THIS AFTERNOON. 2:13 prompt. They are here. THOSE REAL. UV3 ."BROWNIES." '.
Presenting the Beautiful ODeratlo Scectacle. '
"THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND." *mgg fc.
On a Scale of Macnincer.cp Never Equaled tn ths .j4G&&»Jfi\ i^^A
• History of the World. *^Xrf>»(¥ tfSrtVj
Entire New Soo t>*£Y *<»
IUNT KS' I THE SIIA-F.Tl BALLET! JEZZj*S~-S tfeS^Ss AT*
MUSIC! • THE WONDERFUL BARGE! mWilM^
ROVGSi THE FUNNY CHINAMEN! PS~tt&$^\£*¥v
EPECIALTIES! I THE CAKEWALK BALLET!
3f-Off/fil»»l 5PEC/fllTJES-3O T\V &ik
AND THE WONDERFUL AND BEAUTIFUL |PA a \^
NEVA/ TRflNSFORMATION SCENE JfPff E xA.
Entire New |
in EnUr* Profeniiatl C»«t -Vt Aottaari fa Tii» ProdaaUoa. -™im»r> JTl,——!
AND EVEHY NIGHT NEXT WEEK. Commenclnr MONDAY, and TUESDAY. THXTR3-
yeafa^ «ntf ?o aly T>»t of the theater at any performance tfternoon or night.
To-Night— THE COUNTRY GIRL.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT AND—
ENTIRE WEEK!
FL0KENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In Charlotte Thompson's New Play, i . •, ¦
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Thursday Afternoon— Benefit LAURA CREWS.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON ANT> EVENING. !
BABY RUTH ROLAND
LA LISTA, Flra Dancer.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
SEABURY, is Bis Sensational Sigh Dire
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS-PARK O.
FT^rjHFR'c: concert house.
Ethel La Crolx. Soprano; Irene Franklin. Cor-
netl.«t; Llttla Hazel Sexton; Berlin Sisters, Vo.
calls'..-;; Eudora Forde, Contralto, and Conloa
and' Ryder, Comedians.
Reserved Seats, :5c; Vatlnee. Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. J .:
Open Dally From 7 a.m. to 11 p. tn. .
Bathlaff From T a. m. to 11 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Be
Ba'hin?. Including adm!*fian. 2.'c: Chlldrtn. Mo.
«f-Sk CHICHESTER'8 CNQUSH
K ,_/^r~V Orlstnol sad Only <Seaata«k
C.,S\ <tS-Vi »r CIUCm:>TEU'h ISCUSII
»'*Hi^'dF?^\ 1» Ui:i» u4 Call! BtulUo bo«.. m±»X
;~>M*4 witt urn. rtbDea. Tale no other. Bcflu* :
if] ***» \ij "•••ccron* •?obttltn tton* sad Imlt*.
\'l ~ fK tUm*. Buj ar joar Dnw, : .«. or ««1 -!•. la
\f f? "I " Brilf r far L« Jlw." « I«ur, bt «.
_A. AT twmMail. 1 1>,O4M> Tntimoaials. Sold »r
r «nDra«!i«. CBie>ie*tcrCheat!ealC«4
Kea^m til* psp«r. Hm<Ut ou Sqaarc I* U I LA.. R£
KEW WESTEBM KOTEX. "
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STa-RE-
mcdeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to XI SO day;
{j t>> t.i week: fi to JCO month. Free batha; hot
and cold water every room; fir* prates In every:
room; elevator runs all nlzbt.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year
q jn And) \
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
LAST NIGHT!
THE MIDDLEMAN!
To-Morrow Evening— A Star Cast In
"TRIT-jBIT!"
PRICES— 10c. 13c. 23c. 60e.
A FEW FRONT ROWS IN ORCHESTRA— 73c.
Saturday Matinee— 10c, lie, I3c, 50c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
OLYMFIA c^WIa-
THE ONLY FREE VAUDFA'ILLE SHOW Eff
1*"^:> . THE CITY.
X SIXTH AND MOST \^
XSENSATIOXAL SERIES OF
S PROFESSOR CONR ADI' 3 X^
/ LIVING STATUARY! \
BASCO AND RICE
The Funniest Comedians In Vaudeville.
QUBENF. A\"VRLE
First Appearance— Direct From the East.
LUCILLE ALDEN
Vocal Comedienne.
And Our Celebrated Stock Company. ,
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAT.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
— -ADMISSION F R E E.
Two tyceksaf Racing.
fOl.O"]OURNAME^ T;
Exhibits Carried ,, Fr^e-
Excursion Rates +orVisiTDrs.
V/rite' .for 'Particulars to ,
P E Jf ?,&S!!l LDSf A.B.SPRECKELS,
SECRETARY. f RESIDENT.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIOflT- ¦^IGOLETTO"
TO-MORROW BEGINS
The Second Week
ly ...of...
OTHELLO
'-.AND...
RIGOLETTO.
TOMORROW. WEDXESDAT. FRIDAY aad
SATURDAY EVEXLVG3.
"OTHELLO."
TUESDAY. THURSDAY. SUNDAY NIGHTS
and SATURDAY MATINEE,
"RIGOLETTO."
WEEK OF AUGUST 2Oth—
TannhaiM 1 Mignon
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Seats purchased for "Tannhauser" and *"Mlf>
ron" for to-morrow and next Tuesday and
Wednesday will be exchanged for th» next
week as follows: Monday's tickets exohanged
to-morrow; Tuesday's seats exchanjed Tue9-
diy: Wednesday's seats exchanged on Wednes-
day. Xo seats exchanged after Wednesday.
??Fc u e l s*! 25^d 50 Cents
Telephone— Bush 9. .
TO-NIGHT - --- SUNDAY
FOURTH SERIES OF THE
BURTON
HOLMES
LECTURES!
Subject— "THE GRAND CANTON OF THE
COLORADO IN ARIZONA."
Superbly Illustrated.
Colored Still and Motion Pictures.
Next Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Night.
"MOXI LAND."
Seats $1. 75c. SCa and 23c
Smng TO-MORROW
Charles Frohman Presents
HenryMiller
AND A
...SPECIAL COMPANY..*
Monday. Tuf*day and Wednesday Nights and
Wednesday Matinee,
HEARTSEASE
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinee,
THE ADVENTURE
r LADY URSULA
sag* THE ONLY WAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, I30O.
36
SAX FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca!l. corner of Market and Third streets, open
urtll 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
DRA.NCII OFFICES— 1-27 Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay; open until *:S0 p. m.
?>> Hayes etreet: cpen until 8:» p. ~.
C3J McAllister ftreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
6XS Larkln rtreet: open until 9:80 p. m.
1S41 Missicn etreet: cpen until 10 P. ™-
r:ci Mission etreet. comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 d. m.
30« Eleventh street: open until » p. ra.
J0S6 Valencia Etreet: open until t p. m .
Northwest comer Twerty-eeoond «ad Ken-
tucky rtreets: open until 9 p. ra.
cnrncii services.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak ar>d
Haker «ts.. Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor— At 11
o'clock communion service; at l":30. Sur.day-
Fh>o:; at «:<5. the Christian Endeavor mert-
ln*; at 7:*'. evrning service, subject, "Fact
vs. Dogma." The Wednesday evening rr.eet-
ing ot 7:4V
CALVARY Pro Fbytertan Churcli. comer of
Geary nr.a Powell BlF.-Itev. John Hemphlll.
P. 1>.. raptor, will preach at 11 a. rr.. and
7:4". i>. m. Topic (evening). "Evil and E— ui:
1'rej.arinr the Way for fitimate and Eternal
Gcv>d." Christian Kndeavor Society meets .it j
0.3' p. n:. Wednesday evening service at S
o'clock. PtranKers cordially •welcomed.
rirtPT Congregational Church, corner of Post
anu Jlao'ti ets— K*>v. George C. Adams.
D. 1"» . rattor. will preach at both ecrvlewi.
At Jl a. rn.. topic. 'The Demands of the
Gof;-*-!." At 7:45 p. m.. topic. "Are Mission-
aries Meddlers in Other People's Affairs?"
A!I are cordially invited.
TAR1C Con^reeiitlonal Church. Hayes St.. near
Lyon— Rev. H. W. HouldinK will preach at
11 a. ra. and tell stout his work in chlni.
At ":?* thc ttev. Chester 1". ltorland of Los
Anffelea will preach. ______
ET. LVKEF Episcopal Churxh. for. of Van
K«M live. lird C!ay rt. Hojy ccmmun'.on. 8
a. irt. UornlBC prayer. 11 o'clork. Evening j
rrrvloe 7:4.'. ft'dock. B*T. T. J. Mackay. rec- 1
tor cf All faint* Clmrch. Omaha, will 1
irruch l^.th morning and fvnliiB. 1
C3ICCCH of Jesus Chrin nf I-'.tter Par SaJnts j
— Sirvl-es every Sunday at t!<o Pythian Hall. |
POS Market #1.. at 11 a. m. and 7:43 p. m.
Fi.lj.-ct --Authority." preached by Klder
James Screr.son. All welcome. No collection*. I
THIC First IMvine Pclence Church. M. E.
Cramer. pr«tor-P!5f-oi;rce at 11 a. m.. ru!.-
Jfci. ••ImiK'rtant <ju«-stioiis on IMvine Pel- 1
once." Services every Sunday at Ho:ne C«.<1- |
legc. S3'V> Bevtntceaui st.. bptweon Mission j
cr.il Valencia. Sunday-rchocl at 10 a. m.
FIUFT Church of Christ. Scientist. Central !
block. Butter St.. teiweoiJ Kemrny Ft. and
Grant ave.— Christian Scir-noe Ulb> leton ct
11 a. m. ; eubject. "Mind." Sunday-school
Jcr children at the Ban.e hour. Wednesday
Fveslas meetsnjt at f> o'clock. Free reading-
room. TC< Kea.rny St., rot*m CIO. All are
velcome.
BUDDHIST Mission, S07 Polk et.— 2 p. m.. Dr.
J. H. Gueliih-Norman. Subirct. "An Expo-
sition or "the Magical anJ Mystical Powers
of ih<» A£e?ts of India." Wednesday, 8 p.
ra , "A Study ia Baddhlsm." Pianist, Mis. I
J. vr. Haj-s. I
KIRPT Ment?! Science Temple meet* to-dav. |
XI a. m.. nniden Gate Hall. lecture by j
<."har!<*> T. Purpman. subject. "Thought Con- ]
eentratlon as <»uii!e to nusiness." 1
THKi»S<»PHlCAl. S^->oiety — Free public lortun-s |
+\-r>- Sur.Say *-v«>!itnK at S o'<-lo.'k In Then- ,
Bophlc Hall. Odd Pellowaf bu'.ldinit. To-night, j
•Am 1 My Ur^ther's Keeper r.' by w. L. j
I'uccy. Ooldtn chain group for chiliiren at
11 h. m. ¦
EIUICA^ IXSTITim
Tlil- I!:h(cal Ir.s'.itute— Ileniam^n Fay Mills. !
th«> dlsnniruifh«»d liberal tblaker and orator, j
¦Bill l<-cturi> to-night. 7:4:.. at Metropolitan •
Temple. Ki.'th ft.; tubject, "Who Are the ;
Bellei-ers?** Lo-ai-r floor ar.d balcony re- 1
nerved; rallery fr«»<*. I
">IEKTIXGS — SI.XDAY.
A nUNPLT: of fa^ts about "Vital ChemlFtry"
will be irwntf 1 by DR. J. DEPEW KER- !
CAN. this cvenlctr. S n'ciiK:k. at Crystal Hall,
Pythian Castle, SOS Market st.. followed by j
rr.ajmificont viewi of the Paris Exposition. '
Those attending may procure free tickets to •.
the X-l^y *-xMl>Uion at the Sanitarium, cor. j
of Market jitid Mason sts.. n*-xt Tuesday i
evening:. S<>ata free. No collection.
SHE Oratory. <"Vid Fe'.lows' Hall, Seventh ar.d j
Market rt« .— To-r.i;rht Mrs. it. B. Lillie will j
FV>«»k on "Tti<».Lav.- of Sacrifice." Mrc. J. J. ;
VT.'tn(-y •ui'.l cive trar.ee piatfonn tejts. Mr. •
J. T. LVili*. musical director. S o'clock eharp. i
Admission, 10c. ;
Jl'LlANI^M— Jul'.nn X!acRa». initiate, has
ciw.M h_ Rc—Ml <f I*M!'>!«ojihy of Conjtcious-
:•. it-rsonal consclousTioss of the Or.e Divine
Reality. tl9 Goldtn Gate ave.
E_OI_E*S Lecture A".«oclatlo-. P-ottish Jlall.
:iT I.ar'.ir. st. Subject. !._teetrldty as k
World Pimtr." by I'rpfessor Wetzoi; ioIur-
tavy ottering; no conectlooS S z>. m.
tlOSIC fif ~~-uth. _31 l?la*— Devotional services
31 a. m. 7.45 p. m. Mrs. Keir.p wl!l Ff«»ak
in the niTnlTig and Miss Rlx in the evening.
All welcome. |
Z-T' >-NICHT. at Colder C.ate Hall. Sutter St.. !
"MarnctlfRi" tx-'Ik!n»l by I>r. Turman: ad-
mission free; erood music: 8 o'clock; all wel-
come.
FT«K\VAUr> mammeat neet^cs. r.vth'.nn Ca*-
t>. y3 Market Ft., to-day, 2 ar.u S p. m. ; dur-
inr wfcek t and E r>. m.
MHS. EBEKHAniTS to-n!rht; g'-and te.n
n^-'tinpr. ZOt T-.vor.ty-«econd st.; private
readliyr l to E p. m.
SHIS. YTlNCHnSTr.rt. TOO Clay— Circle to^
nljrht. *>; oonrultat'.ons <!a!!y; rnlnir.^specialty.
MHS. nAULAND'S tert circle to-n'Kht~a]F3
Tws day evening; articles read. We 14S Elsth.
KATTK HKl!S?KANX. K? Market: tn-n!cht ;
(spiritual tr*t minting; cittinsrs. llf>5 Howard.
MRS. nGGnr.T AlTKnN. spirit medium ; sit-
tlngy dally. :M MeAUlster Kt.. flat 1.
illli-". VKZAB8* t>-yt meoting to-nirht, lTtc. us
Flxth »».. lrxwn 7: rittinss <3a!lv.
SIRS. LF/STER. circle this even'.nr, S o clock;
19c; fluinff daily; COc. _7 Turk et.
StHP. HI-SIi: nr.V.V'Ui?. materlalirir.s seance
yiiT.flny. t r. — ¦ in Hills et.: Me.
JMUEKTINUS — tnf vernal Drotberhnoil.
THEO.=OniICAL Br*)<-ty !n America. S19 Mar-
ket rt.— lecture tn-nicht. "<*ycles." »iy Mrs.
M. M. Third*: I. B. L. rnepts every first and
third Tuesday night*; children's Lotus Group,
Sunrt.ty. 11 n. itv. rnrrn 30. •
KSBTXSG SOTICES.
LA FOCIETE Frfincaise dc nienfalsan-e^ih^
tueile (French Mutual Ii^nevolent S'vciety)—
Special :-¦¦:..; rr.e«-t:n«r Auedh 1!. JSOO. at I
p. tn.. ¦* Native Sons' Hall, 434 Mason st. For
ihe committee. A. JACQfEMART. Sec.
THE ar.r.uU mwt!n»r of the stockholder of th«
Paciric fnrtertakrrs will be h»!d at NV 777
XSIwUmj Ft., i^ar. Francirco. Ca!.. TIIi;nS-
PAV. August tX K-OO. at « o'clock p. m.. for
the elcctinn of director* for the ensuing term
nnd als'j to oonfjjer an amendment to the
by-laws r«-ducin* the number of directors
from 9 to 7. and the transaction of xucb othir
business as may •¦ome before the meeting-
Transfer Locks will closs Monday. August
to. 1S00. at 4 o'clotk p. m. liy order cf the
board cf director*.
M. C. OOnilAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
BltYAN'F now bonk, "ricpublic or Empire";
lmr»T!»:i™i denounced: Just ready; aeents.
now is your time; send for ramule. THE J
bPEWPM CO.. Flood building. S*n Francisco.
CATTLi: of DM; greatest c*mp.-!l K n book eveT
r.ublt»hr^l: official orpan cf aJl i-artlps; all live
:>¦- i- - <Jlsc\iFf>*<l J,y |>arty etatermen; no mud
rllnrrinjr; ipsu *en<l for i-arapies. THE J
DEWING CO.. I>anci?-o.
UAHPnn & nr.OS.. K. Y.. want experience,!
•dlcitot^ for r^pia « ; 1!1pis magazine unl w«k.
ly combination with i.remiums; also fine sub-
fcriptlon inxks on installments. San Fran-
cit-co effle*. 'J0«> Koair.y r.
JliOO CAN l>e mail* durir.r campafm mton
f '¦¦¦¦¦¦¦i- our otrapaipi lies; greatest 1- ll.-r»
*ver Introdaoed; territory koIiik: write {mra«>-
<llately;.full Sine white nnd far.^y rubber col-
lar*; enclcse (ttan-jp. De;>t. C. M. Sc M. Mfg.
A^FTNTF to t*-ll mo« ottractivc campaicn end
Eirect fair bn!see; nevr desigas; excellent
r-ortralt*; rarrc'.es 2Zr. National Badge ana
Novelty Co.. mfr.. Cleveland. Ohio.
DO you — ant Fomeihirs more rrofltable bet-
ter an1 t-aslcr to sell than In.oks? A<lJres»
__ F. PERSON, r. 41i. I'arrott bli^r.
AGEXTS of ability and <-Ti»ricnef In life lnsur-
«"«¦ C*U r.t room 101. ut-7 JAarket. c«r. Elxth.
roi'R pood canvatscj^ or agents wanted at
IU2 Ftllrr.ore ft.
\\H handle newe.t novelties for icrnu PA^
f*IFI<- AOKN-TP- Fl-ITLY CO.. M!1 Wh tt.
ASTKOLOGY.
MMn. IIICKEV. astrolerisT: iret'yonr horoscope
with full exrUnatlon of your future. 60c; card
reading and iwlmlytr>'. SSg. 1*SI Mission et.
AL'TOMOBILKS.
AUTOMOBILES - FHED WARD _ SON
Agentt. 46 I>cmont ft.
H^.™ CABI\KTS.
ROBINSON O, «-panel folding; door open*; firm
«k1 •_e. \V. B. BkOWN. ten. e«t.. 426 EUla.
.__;_' •..'" EXCHAKGB.
TO nzohange for Oakland or Alameda Improved
property, a home place ln Banta Crus; house
of 9 rooms, large ' lot; barn, room for two
horsea, hay and carriage; no lncumbrance;
value HOOP. Box 4603. Call office.
TO exchange; handsome Great Dan* dog, I
yearn old^ for a St. Bernard. Address lock
box 2S8. Berkeley. • .. ¦
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
I7YKS examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you are looking for Investment of capital
where principal is protected and' largo profits
pOMlble. box 1995. Call office.
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
¦ale. call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DKItWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
, A FINE lower sunny 3-room flat; $10; cheap; 2
I'lne place, off Pine at., near Mason.
'ELEXJANT sunny corner flat; 6 rooms and
bath. 4600 Eighteenth St.. w,est of Castro.
FINR flat. 7 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments C2S Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath; rent $12.
716 Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 3 rooms and sunny yard; water free;
$7. Apply at 624 Fell st.
HAIOHT, 435. near Fill more— Flat of 8 sunny
room*; modern improvements; yard and base-
ment. I
HYDE. 717. bet. Post and Sutter— A beautiful
sunny flat, 4 rooms, bath; desirable location:
modern Improvements; elegantly fitted.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
MODERN sunny 6-room flat, yard, etc.: rent
reasorable. 9 Chattanooga. St., bet. Dolores
and Church.
NEW, modern flats, to be completed August 25;
Geary 6t.. bet. Larkln and Polk; 7 rooms and
bath each: finely finished: electric lights, etc.
Full particulars of MADISON & BURKE.
ON account of departure; elegant new lower
flat, 7 rooms, bath, etc., 938 Geary St., bt-
tween Larkln and Polk. Apply on premises.
SUNNY, desirable flats; Oak and Laguna sts.;
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON &. BURKE.
4-nOOM flat with Iaree yard, stable and wagon
sheds. 2 Hayward st., near Eighth.
$8— NEW lower flat on Federal st., off Bryant.
near Second; 4 rooms; all ln fine order.
$12— NEW lower flat of 3 roms, cement base-
ment; good location. 3478 Twenty-fifth et.,
between Mission and Valencia.
$15— A NEW 6-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free; 3748 Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
125 — 12S1 OTARUELL, near Octavla; modern
flat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply SHAIN-
WALD, BUCK BEE & CO., 21S-I20 Montgom-
ery gt., Mills building.
PLATO TO LET — FURMSIIED.
SECOND, £23 — Two nice sunny rear flats, 3 and
4 rooms; rent $8 and $10; bath, yard.
FIin.MTlIRB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, bedding, etc., of 3 rooms for
sale cheap. 816 Division st.. below Folsom.
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth; call
after 5:30 p. m. or Sundays.
$35 — THE furniture of 3 rooms; complete for
housekeeping; rent $S. 2171? Perry st.
FURNITURE for sale at 830 McAllister st.
4 ROOMS furnished 7n oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. '
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin;tel.Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought, epot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1133 Market St.; tel. Jessie 7G1.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silverstein, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; ttM. Red S353.
IIELI* WASTED- -FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL ORDERS
Waitress, Paralso Springs, $20; 3 waitresses.
Woodland. 'W): waitress. Berkeley, 120; San
Jose, ?23; l^rysvllle. $20; Palo Alto, $25; Car-
vllle, $20; Vallejo, $20; Coultervllle, $25; New-
man, German, $20; Orovllle, $20; waitress, in-
stitution. $20: second girl, same place, $20; 2
waitresses. Corning. $20; Wlnnemucca, Nev..
$20; 2 German chambermaids, city, $15; G
chambermaids to wait, $20; fancy ironers;
plain Ironer.
FAMILY ORDERS
Houseiclrls, Alameda, $20: 2 hou!">«;trls, San
Hafael. $25 and $20; San Rafael. t23; Healds-
burg. $12; Santa Rosa. $:o: Sun Mateo, $20;
German clrl, Palo Alto. $15; Haywards, San
Iyoandro. $20; woman with a child. $20; 2
bushel- women, $8 week: nurseglrl, $12. and
houseglrl. same family, $16. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundress, family, }30; 7 cooks, no
wash, city, $35 and $30: 2 cooks, small restau-
rant. $30 and $35; 3 starch Ironers, $30 and
found; 1 waitress and 1 chambermaid, same
country hotel, $23 and $20; chambermaid and an-
Elst waiting, country hotel, $25; 20 chamber-
maids and waitresses, city and country hotels
and private boarding houses, $20 and $23; sec-
ond eirl. Berkeley, $25: 10 sceond clrl*. city.
$25 and $20; 150 girls for general housework,
city and country. J20, $25 and $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 316 Sutter Bt.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Weavers on blan-
kets: highest wosrs paid on the coast; corre-
spondrnce confidential. Apply J. W. COL-
LINS, 7 and 9 Battery St.. S. F.
. LADIES desiring to make money without In-
terfering with other duties can do so. Ad-
dress box K'31, Call office.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking; small American family; wages $20.
2572 California «t.
OPERATORS, experienced hands and appren-
tices on men's neckwear wanted. L. SAM-
TER & SON. 518 Market st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
eelf-UFsertlon: Rood opportunity for right
party. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrot bldg.
WOMAN to take care of 1 or 2 children; Ger-
man preferred. 1300 Turk st.
GIRL to help In house and take care of child.
EOS Lyon st.
GIRL to assist with general housework; small
family. 1310 Pine st.
WANTED— Girl to assist old lady houspkeep-
lng; low wages; good home. 15224 EMIa st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 1217 Greenwich st.
WANTED- Girl with references for downstairs
work and cooking. Call 517 Devlsadero St.,
Monday, between 10 and 12.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Apply
2€42 Howerd st.
GIRL or woman for housework; good plain
cook; sleep at home; wages $12 to $15. 1157
Valencia «t.
G.IRI.. for general housework; small family -
adults; call 9 to 12, Monday; will pay carfare
1305 Waller st.. ntar Masonic ave.
YOUNG girl to assist ln house: good home; $3-
references. 235 Chattanooga st.. nr. 24th.
GOOD pants finishers wanted; steady work and
good wages; call Monday. 229 Fifth st.
SttS^C 31 *" 01^ 1 l ° d ° Plal " cooklnE; wages $20.
WANTED— Girls or boys, after school hours
to each selling 12 magic polishing cloths we
give a photo-camera complete; call between
3 and 4 p. m. 9 Geary St.. room 2.
WANTED— A first-class button-hole maker:
steady work. 40 Ellis St.. rooms 41-42.
¦\ T PV, N ,? lady t0 learn halrdresslng. Appty
]*iOS , x oik st.
WANTED— A young girl to do general house-
work; need not cftok. Call at 1831 Eddy Bt.
EXPERIENCED fur finishers. Apply at 624
O'Farrell st.. near Hyde. ¦
°F. En . A .. TORS on »hlrts and overalls. Apply
HEYNEMANN & CO,, 410 Mission gt.
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework; sleep
Tiome: wagea $10. 1007 Sutter »t - v,
GERMAN plrl of good family to do housework
and cooking; 2 In family.- 70a Larkln at.
WANTED— An active woman as representative
ror wholesale house on the road. Box 1397
«* Call of flee. ¦ • "
YOUNG woman to wait at table and sew for
family;. wages $13. 340 Page, cor. Buchanan.
WANTED-Flrst-class finisher on custom coats
and bughellng. 623H Post gt. ;*J~ "
WANTED— Girl for Ef neral housework at ISO!
linker st.. who understands cooking; wages
$la without window* and washing, go with.
Y o ) n U d^o;k X^ P r^t g o'n r cef Or i^ a jgjgf
YOUNG lady waitress nt Health-Reform V»gel
' p a referVed eStaUrantl 1MS Mark<ft 8t ' : *»*•«««
! GJRIj to work on coats. 449 Minn* tt.
'i*s i sa't e ss&_3? any aay m r ™*
ATTORKEYg AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market St..
room, C27; eetates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cares: fair fees,
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SSO Market, cor. Stockton.
FUEE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unless succesaful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
_ 8. CLARK. Emma Rpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Et.; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
CUSTER, HERMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market
Ft., r. £25; open eve.. 7-9; consultation free.
# BELGIAX IIAlTlSS.
THIRTY matured common nurse docs for Bel-
jrians for sale. $1 each. Apply 1727 Broadway,
Alameda.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
t'.rtt prize In England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
nOARDING FOH CHILDREN.
WANTED— By English family living in High-
land I'ark, Ea.»t Oakland, one or two boys
•jndfr S; _fcrences e'ven and required. For
particular.- a-idres-s box -T'lP. Call. Oakland.
HEALTHT young woman to take a child to
Mrfetnurse at home. 1S< Hickory ave.
I GOOD home; private schooling; music; terms
I 112 a inonih. Hox rJ40. Call.
WIIjOW want.« 6m: . chlM to board: room for
mother. ICfc Fell st.
BUSINESS CII.V.XCES.
JlfifO— SALOON near Market St.: bargain, gro-
Ir.g Eart cau»s of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. T77V4 Market Et.
JJOO— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain: going
Ka*t caure of sale. ilcI-AUGHLIN & CO..
777'i Market ft.
i |22&^SALOOK; departure cau*e of eale. Mc-
LACGHLIN & CX».. 7T7V» Market tt. j
I JiTj — HlTTt.'HKlt shop: prosperous country j
I town; bargain. McLAUGHLIN fc CO., 777*4
I Market st.
! A-J375; BUTCHER f-hop. with horse and cart:
I furnished complete: established and conducted
I t uooessfully for 15 years; in a first-class '.
nr!phl)crlny>d; north of Market st. : rent, with
t table, only $1'O monthly: will give a long
lra?f to a desirable tenant; other «»ngaRe-
j men's demand owner* « attention and compels
I racriflce; this bargain cannot be equaled. M. I
1 A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave. =
! J1V«O— V.OP.KINGMAN'S hoarding and lodplng-
I house: 2« rooms; clf-ars over $100 monthly
cash; this we fruarantee positively. ALDKN
CO.. 111S Droadway. Oakland.
A— J10C0; CANDY and Ice cream parlors, with
factory, ln the best location north of
Market: fine fixtures: pood business, clearing
1100 monthly. LANE & CO.. S60 Market et.
HOARDING-HOUSE. 26 rooms north of Mar-
_ket; a barcain. KMKRY & SMITH. 3 Eddy*
1 r,I"5INE.SS man with $1000 to J1500 for half-ln- I
I tereFt In the very latest Invention of artificial j
light; now controlling entire Pacific Coast;
sells on slRht: profit* larpe; party to attend to
j oorr*»si>ondence and finances; sufficient mate-
; rial Jn sinM to secure Investment. Address
bcx Kin. Call office.
! FOR Fain — Corner Fnlnc.n. bet. Market and Nn-
I tive Pors' Hall: Al; cstr.b. over TO yrs.; rent i
i f.">0: daily rf«elpt« $20: sold on account of other ]
| business; bargain; lnvotlgatlon; no agents.
llox 1S{7. Call office.
j . j
; AM t!-.<? Inventor of an article which can be j
manufactured Hnst nt Jl; can be sold here j
for f2; want to nie»t party with flWO; can
double money in W days. I'.ox 34S4. Call office.
i WANTED — Honorable an.! active man by ex-
'. charre of thf-lr office business in San Fran-
j olsco. who will invest $»«•; salary $100 hnd
i dividends on investment. ITS Townsend Bt. ;
MIDDLE-AGEP wMr.w who has larce room- I
ir.K bouM ¦wants lady or pentleman partner:
pnod ch.incf fnr ri^ht party. Apply for one
we<-k 3129 Mission st.
! FINE bakery and resra-jrant: es'.abllshed trade;
f.^r «alc at rcasr>nab!o rrlce; selling account
j of illn'jFS. 724 Valencia st.
j A NICK bakery and candy business ln growing
! locality. Inquire ot 1165 Peralta st-. Oakland.
| WAXTKn-To lease furnished dining-room; re-
! liable party. Box 1614. Call office.
!T\'AXTEr— Good clear 5tn.nd north of Market
| t-l. Address box lfcGS. Call office.
¦ OLD established saloon on East Bt. for sale at
| ence. Call 25 Ea?t st.
OLD and best established delicacy store ln c!ty.
I Hex ISiG. Call office. «
; FCiR sale— f totk o f groceries and fixtures. 1915
! Howard £t. '
• ATTENTION fliorm2kfrs:— Fine store to open
shoe business in rapidly growing nelghbor-
! hood; no opposition; fixtures ln; 4 rooms. Cor.
: Third ave. and Clement; Sutro cars pass door.
WANTED to rent— Place for photo-engraver;
! would prefer with printing business or photo-
! graph gallery. ITox 1612. Call ofnce.
j AN Interest ln a paying legitimate business,
j where services of capable man- are required;
I lnve-tipatlon and rofnees. A. B., box S2. Call.
i REST— CRAXT near 2 factories; Rood business.
I cheap rent; large yard with chickens. COS
j Bevcotli st.
i FOR salp— Butcher business, near city; must
I k»I1 at r.r.ce. Ail-Iress P. O. box 15. South San
| Francisco. San Mr.teo County. Cal.
i DBSSSMAKIKO parlor to let; business estab-
j Uahed. M» Haight et.
! FOR sale— Fteam beer brewery with saloon and
bottline: works attached; everything ln best
•working order. Aodrers City Brewery, Santa
Barbara, Cal.
j FIRST-CLASS saloon and cafe doing Rood busl-
! r.fss: K<>rd location; reason of sale, other bust-'
| ne PS ; fullest investigation allowed: -will take
i part trade. Address box ".Til. Call office.
j CHEAP] candy, stationery, notion store; school
• i in tame block; livlns rooms rear; rent cheap.
' _C06_McAlII«er Ft.: no a E ents.
i BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present
t owner there 6 year*. CO" Third st.
! CIGAn. periodical, stationery and notion store;
¦ | living rooms; good location. 2105 Folsom Ft.
! TO P.HNT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
i location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
; *tal!>: rent only SIS; water free. Inquire WM.
HEN'BRICKSOX & CO.. 614 Call bulldinit.
I BltAXCII bakery, candy and stationery; block
I from large school; good living; parties going
I to country;. price JKO; no agents. Box 3245,
I Call office.
FOR RAI.E— A bargain; .-*• small m!!k business;
complete. Apply H. BLANKEN, £lx-illle
House, San Bruno Kcad.
j FOR sale— JlfOO will buy a small steam laun-
! dry in a country town in California. Address
j box 3I4S, Call office.
FOR SALE— .Saloon; good business; cause, sick-
, nr-*s. Inquire 44 Peeond Bt.
$17i— DELICACIES and branch bakery; 3 living
. | rooms; rent JI2. with water. 4IS Sixth et.
! COFFEE and tea routes supplied frim GEO.
j W. CASWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
¦ CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
) A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Vnlent-la st. *
LODUIXG-IIOl'SCS FOR SALE. y
11. C. DE<?KElC^«0~MARKET~STr~
«0-room house, on Powell »t ..$IS00
10-room; new; elejCBBt furniture D50
21-rr)om; clears $li3 l2iO
I PELL HOUSES OX INSTALLMENTS.
15-room boarding house; full. '. $1300
S-room fiat; downtown 400
24 rn».ms; line corner; clears SIOQ 2C0u
I LOAN MONEY AXI) CHAItGE NO COM-
MISSION.
HP-room house in payment* to suit 14500
HOUSES FROM 2 TO 200 ROOMS. FROM $1J>J
TO $10,000.
nnCKEn. 10S0 Market ft., phone Mint 736.
BOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or «<?ll your lodKins
nouM or furniture and »«un> satisfaction
' Trrlte nr call BCHVTE1NHARD & CO., 31/
a_ rkct »t.. above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central.... $1000
il-room house: *300 down, balance easy . 600
! 20-room house; first class 1050
; 30-room house; all newly furnished 3100
¦ 11-roora hous*. 1475; 6-room nat &j
FISHER & CO.. 10S2 Market st.
¦ IIOOMIN'G house of 44 rooms: north of MarkeT-
: wst paying house ln city. EMERY & SMITH
3 t-uuy st. . *
• TRANKIF.NT house of 34 rooms; fine location-
" mugt * e "- r -^E:"Y & SMITH. 3 KddyTt.
: K .11. WINSTON & CO.. 10->6 Market St.
: :* rooms; jn cash- bal. $10 monthly.;.. 1425
: 4 rooms; corner; rent $70; only. ]23«
; g} rooms; rrnt IIP.-); corner ssM
' W^H^ Fl ; RNls " ED hou " of CO rooms close to
xne tneau-rs; all eunny rooms; leasi: electric
2S""; clinic «» to $:co _o.??» SSh o?
; £0" gg cl?i al^ fi;e houge ln part "*•-«»*•
' ? if^uft : t 6 ml " ut l es °, f Postofhce; in live town;
. in alfalfa «nd bearing orchard; new 5-room
lZ?V5; barn U^ etc - : * 20C<l: for ladr-
lng-houEe. Address box 131J. Call ofilce.
' F «?^« e v aecount r of slckness-NeVrly furnished
»-room house; 6 steady roomers- nays rent-
. Price 1000. Call at _» Howard".; Kgents!
. N cne. £«&„%%__ : aa rooms: mu8t
1 HOUSE of 16 rooms; rent cheap; a reasonable
offer will be accepted. 619H Mission^
LODGI.VC-HOUSES FOIl SALE.
A BIO bargain; nartly furnished corner.
Flats. 6, 7, 8. 9 rooms, $550, $400 to J2W
14 r.. part cash; rent $15; .full: pays well 450
3.> r. (hotel); 6-yr. lease; Income $S0O mo.; 1600
83 r.; cor.: rent $S5; income $220 3100
44 r. : oek: clean: bon ton; money maker;
low rent; part cash; low interest; line lo-
• cation S0O0
E2 rocme; $2000, $2500. $3800 and "000
l^rrng list; please call. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Mar-
ket, nr. Call bldg.; room 1; tel. Black 180S.
CHEAPEST and best in America-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address in the
United Ptatcs or Canada one year for $t.'
CAIIRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
FOR sale cheap— A good phaeton: adapted for
1 family or country use. Devlsadero-st. .Stable,
£34 Devlsadero Et. .
SHOUT trotting cart: cost $100: pood as new;
can be bought: a bargain. 1CI1 Market Pt.
ALL kinds of wagons, buRcries, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission ut.
FOH sale— Doctor's buggy team, cheap. DAL-
7.IEL. -Vet. Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ave.
AN A No. 1 express wajron. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NKW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies. cart« & har-
n<»»«. work & driving horses. 15th it Valencia.
CAMPAIGN rTlOTO HUTTONS.
X1F*Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry:
wholesale and retail; eend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market et.. a F.
CAHPCT BEATING AXI) CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
h. r.<l to SPAlTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Ileat-
lng Works. 3'.3-3o7 Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4."J Stevenson ft.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Heating nnd Heno-
vatlnn C<\, 24J Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Ftesm Cnrpet-neatlrg Works, G. II.
STEVENS, mer., SS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 4c.
STHATTONS. S Eighth st.; tel. Jeasle 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 391. QEO WA1.COM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carr>ct-Heattng~*Work9. 333 Golden
C.ate ave.; telephone Kast 126.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
CHARMING cr.ttnre ln Satlsallto: completely
furnlsho*!; 7 rooms and bath; crand vlew| to
lease at low rent. Apply MADISON &
lU'I^KE at once.
COTTAGE of C rooms: no objection to children.
131 LManiond St., near Nineteenth.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath. 1306 Larkin
Bt. ; apply J31S I^arkln.
COTTAGE of <• tunny rooms, basement. $11.
127Vt Morris live., off Brynnt. near Sixth.
GROVE. 720Vj— 4 large sunny rooms, gas, bath;
separate y;ird and garden.
BUNNY; cottage. 1'11'Vi I'erry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UM1JSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
3 ROOMS; $3: 137 Sunnyslde ave.. or will fell
JSO cash. tlO per month. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. e*S Market »t.
SIMIIITI ALISM.
ISMAR THE GYrSY. |
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the ,
uncurtained years ahend; happiness nnd suc-
cpys go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where 1
success is possible were it not for a lack of |
foresight into the future. If you are ln
troub'e of any kind, discontented, unhappy
or not satisfied in life, consult ISMAK, for
Fhe i» a prophetess ot world-wide fame, ami !
her name has become a proverb ln thousands
of h-'incs mmle happy by her aid and advice. ]
[SMAR can be consulted dally from 10 a. in. |
to a p. m. at her office, IMS Market St., op- 1
poplte Sixths j
ARRIVED — Mrs. V>r. Farnhara, world-renown- I
ed spiritual medium; advice ln all affairs of
life; lawsuits, divorce.", deaths; unites the
Keparau-d; mining a specialty; ctrs. Sun., j
Wed. and Frl. evenings: come and be i-on- '
vlncf-d. 1 Permanently) 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde
and Larkln; no sl^n. ¦
AT Dr. Hires' Spiritual Society. 909 Market; 11-
8. free; 2 p. m., 10c; Mrs. Harrison. Lenter,
J. R. I^ittlo; nil tests; 11th anniversary Sept.
6; free, no collection.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. S3S Mis- (
*ion; readings dally; 25c. 50c and $1; circle i
Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c. \
MRS.J.i.WHITXKY, clairvoyant, test, business i
medium, life reader; a'ttlng $1. 1104 Market, j
MRS. RENNER. IIS Fern ave., bet. Sutter and
Hush. nr. Polk; planet reader; ladles only ZCc.
ANN IE SUTHERLAND, formerly ln Mme.
Young's employ, please call 603 McAllister.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St., circle to-day, 2 &
S p. m. : 10c; sittings dally; G. Jl; L» 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. .1.
Meyer, sit. daily; convlnc'p tests to-night 10c.
MHS. STODDARD. wonderful f7>irit messages:
Tues. and Thurs.. S p. m. ; 10c. 278 Ninth st.
E. J. HATCH; circles Sun., Tues.. Thurs., 7:30
p. m.. Frl. 2:30; sit, dally. 13S2 Mark?t, rm. 26. j
CLA III VOY ANTS.
MME. POHTEH, wonderful clatrvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life readings; ladies 5'Jc; I
_Ronls $1; palm & clair. «lt. $1 50. 126 Turk Bt.
CONSULT the Rifted clairvoyant; fee 20c. 313ij
Minna St., near Fifth.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
942 Mission: ladles, 25c: Rents. 50c: Frawley.
MME. 7.KREPA. the gypjy. is th? geat palmist
and card reader; 23c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 iiason st.
WHO to marry; how to win him (her), 20c. L.
DIERSSEN. mind culture. 5 Seventh st., S. F.
i MISS MELVILLE, great clalrvovant and water
reader: German sp-ken. 92l'j Mission, op.Mint.
WATSON, famous medium and palmist; lucky
and true: 25c and SOc. 1581 Market, nr. 12th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. PCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212'i Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; namw plven; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; ?.*)C; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No"dhargTuni^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market it.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOS Mar^
ket 6t.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have ycur extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crownH,
S3 ;.Q up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours", a a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays- » to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exi>ositlon with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and brldgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings,
COc: crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors.24 6th.
EIGHT prices for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapeFt and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $$ per set; extracting, tOc; gas jrfven. ¦
PAKIS Dental I'arlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $»; crowns, $3; fillings, 2ic.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. K41- Polk ft.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
1C paf«. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, PobI. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c;'city visits SI 60; .'It
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 61fi.
DH. CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by drugglsuor at hospital. 510 Golden Gate nv.
DIIESSMAKEHS A.\D SEA.11STIIESSES
McDOWELL Dress-making and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaklnjr. Ladles' Tailoring and aill-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van S,-«.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Pout, over O'Connor&Moffatt
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st., dresses
made, J5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. £.30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern rut to measure. - ;
WRAPS made to order or old made over. 1611
Sutter st. .« ¦• • ¦ ¦- .-.¦¦--¦ . . :
EDtJCATlOXAL.
ATRES' Business CoKese, 723 Market st. ; life
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, ..typing
bookkeeping, telegraphy: day > and evening;
Just added, new : business practice offices and
,20 new, typewriters; catalogue free. ; .- ..
A-THE LYCEUM, ¦ an accredited preparatory
school for the university.- law ¦ and medical
colleges; references. 'President -Jordan or any
Stanford professor. ¦ Pheian building.". :•¦*¦ „-, ,-
nELP WANTED- MA_E.
A— MURRAY 4 '.READY Phone Main 534S
...i«adin^ Employment and Labor A*ent»..«
Want at 7 a. ei. Monday •
7iiti* _ We Sni P Free 5_"J.*
<w» men for all parts of California. Utah.
"* shln Kt°n. Arizona. Oregon. Colorado. Ne-
British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
Anrt" ree Fare — > d Office Fee Only $1
lJ>» ?° oth<?r "Pensea to Reno <Nev.) district
r" 3 ,. Angeles district Truckee district
gj?, 1 * Barbara district .....Shasta district
%t£ t f^e City dlstrlct.Crows Landing district
r>nn Cruz district Newman district
i*in»mulr district _.Bakersneld district
SaS t ? rln * a district Madera district
San Lu Is district Surf district
Riyjf-f al to Shasta County district
i_r'?£ Delta Dunsmulr
and n,K* r P 01 " 18 K°°d wage.
*nd other places; we ship free 7 fre.
TeamVt-"~ CO . ME ONE « COME ALL.
auaS5™ • lah °rer». drillers, hammermen,
*4"_»rryrnen. sptkers. section hands, tunnel-
£ Ji £ K*n—. etc.. wages $3. $3 B0. $8 tS.
li* i« J?. a *l ay and free shipment
« m 5,L roiIble for us to hfre 300 n^n dally to
£Lt. (ll , fre « nt railroads. Why? Because it
coats only $1 fee; no other expenses: come se*
1 ivr-K .................... FRCB
MURRAY & RE'A'DY'."634'-'.i!g"ciay St.
A ~-. FREE FARE '.
nes , Gold Silver and Other Mines
163 miners, some single-hand, mme double,
some machine and Burlelsh driller*, for 37
different mines $90. $^. $80 and found
-6c men to work about the mines as laborers.
• fil y . y wlu •""• no ei;-erience required.
J60. JaO. us, |4o p er mo nth and found; com*
see; fireman. 16 muckers. $*v. 12 men to learn
mining. Crowd going— MURRAY & READY.
Big wages paid e34 and 636 Clay St.
A— ..MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
12 -arpenters $3 day and free fars
machinist for large company
38 carpenters, different Jobs.. $3 and $2 50 day
?0 laborers f» help carpenter? M<1 and found
2 coopers: 27 blacksmiths, also some helpers,
$3. $2 50, $2 day and $1 73 and $2 day
6 boys or men to work In a city factory: gen-
. eral utility man; 2 farmers and wlve«; t men
for warehouse work, free fare. $75..............
6 laborers, warehouse $2 50 day. free far*
horufc breakers
3 coachmen. $30 and found: 3 gardeners. $30;
6 men to break stock on ranch. .$43 and found
5 laborers, warehouse. $2 50 day. free fare.... .
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FAJtES
236 laborers for 23 different sawmilla. j;i to $43
and found, any body will suit; 95 woodsmen,
millmen; also all kinds pf planing mill hets.
$95. ISO. $S5 $70. $60. $40. $30. $30 and found..
364 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc.. $3, $2 60, $2.
$1 »nd 75c ccrd. tools and food found
12$ farm bands $33. $30. $:S and found
3<"> milkers and butter- makers... $30. $25 found
cheesemakera. ....... ............ ..$3* and found
24 stablemen, etc.. $23, $50. $60. $40. $30 found
1$ hay-balera, $3 day; also banrest crews......
In San Francisco: all parts of California.
S64 laborers and teamsters, $2 M, $2, $1 75 dart
some board yourselves home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city Jobs. cabinet-makers.
wood-workers, carriage-makers, brldga build*
ers, etc.; come see — ..
....ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS «
..NOT ADVERTISED COME. SEE..
MURRAY & READY. 834 and 636 Clay »t.
A— HOTEL. LAUNDRY, BAKERT^... m .
BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT -
Walters for mines $33 and fcxmd
4S cooks; come see $70. $60 t $50. $40, $30 fd
S3 waiters $3$. $30, $25 foand
19 dishwashers $30, $:s. $23. $20, $15 fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help far In-
stitutions, sausage- makers, pantrymen........
> butchers $33. $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants. 2d, Sd hands: also
boys. $30. $60. $40. $30. $23 and found
14 laundry men. $35. $30 and found: come see.
Laundryman and wife, country, JC7 week.
marker and distributor $13 week
MURRAY _ READY. C34 and (36 Clay st.
A— 6 ROUGH carpenters for a syndicate dolnff
their own work, $2 50 to $3 day. 60c fare....
lineman, sawmill company $67 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay tt.
A-FKUIT-PICKERS... BOOKKEEPER. ETC
25 fruit-pickers, men or boys, fare from $1.
wages 130 and $26 and found ....._,
bookkeeper stenographer and typewriter.
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 Clay st.
SPECIAL I
25 woodsmen, San Cruz Co., $33 60 and found
PLANINO-MILIL HELP m
sticker hand, $3 50 day; planer. $3 day; match*
er. $3 day: machine man. $3 day
FRUIT PIQKERS and M_N for DRY YARDS
« men. dry yards, large fruit company, $33
and found: 150 fruit pickers, all parts o< th"»
country. MURRAY _ READY, «4 and 638
Clay st.
IMPORTANT FOR MONDAY MORNINO. '
5 young men or strong boys to help painters,
no experience necessary, $1 50 to $1 75 day.
FOR MIVE BOA RHINO-HOUSE,
¦econi cock. $O and fd. .Third cook, $35 and m
Cock's helper. $30 and fd.. Pot was her. iZO & f i
Three waiters J30 and found
2 young men to help ln institution. $15 and
found; 4 two-horse teamsters, large company,
$60. fare paid: road teamsters; camp cooks
near city: bedmakers. etc. MURRAY _
READY. 634-S28 Clay St.
DOY for this office. MURRAY & READY. 634-
iX nay st.
GROCERY clerk wanted at corner Twenty-first
and Mission sts.. R. SPECKTETt.
WANTED— Window dresser and card writer.
JOE ROSENBERG.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted by the week.
1170 Market «t.. room 12.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. Co to
We. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kno—
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 lairs
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
NEW roods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; cit> or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood build Ins.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the a*es
of 21 and S3 years; not less than S feet 4
Inches and not over ( feet 1 Inch ln height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writs
acd speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. £30 K St..
Sacramento, Cal.. or 10S3 J st., Fresno. Cal.
WANTED— Coal miner* can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
ES Montgomery -t.. San Francisco. Saa
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
ALI. sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal£
price. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and grreen hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Stenart.
PENSIONS— CEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. IS
years' practice; Examiner bide
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
Het: "00 rooms. 23c ntcht: reading room; fre«
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
nooms 15c t.-> 25c per night: 75c to ti per week.
IIOnSKS. I.I VK STOCK. Etc For 9fU«
VERY handsome team of bay horses; 15 hands;
7 years old; suitable for buggy, carriage, de-
livery wagon or doctor: cheap for want of
use. Box 1921. Call office.
CHEAP horse bugry «nd harness and cood
second-hand milk wagon: also one big work
horse. CC3 Ash ave.. off Laguna st., between
McAllister and Fulton; call J to » «. m. or
4 »o c p. m.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hone Market.
:?7 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctlpneera.
EUGGY mare for sale; gentle and stylish; call
any time before 3 p. ei. Point Loboa avi.
70 HEAD draft, carrlaee and saddle hones.
Occidental Hor>« Exchange. 721 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED II rl: houses to let: send for dr-
cular. O. H. fMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GO1.DEN GATE ave.. 7W-Eleganr house. ' M
rooms and bath; sunny, modern. Apply G.
II. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery it.
liOl'SE. 1507 Howard rt.. ne*\r 21st: 10 rooms
and bath; French ranee; large garden; rent
%iS.
HOUSE of 9 rooms with bath; 5 bedrooms-
rent $37 30. 2S13 Pine *t.
HOl'SE of 8 roorcs and bath, in good order.
1427 Pest st.
HOl'SE to let; 4 rooms and bath. 2303 Polk
ttreet.
SACRAMENTO. 1<CO— North side, east of Polk;
sun all day; nice, new and tidy: marble and
tilj lavatory between rooms: cedar linen and
clothes closets: full-lenirth mirrors in doors:
I mahogany and oak mantels, etc. ; cross line of
rars; postofflce. ejc. Key on premises to-
| day. 1 to ? b. m. t
. SUNNY house. S ruoms; *as; bnth: water free-
| nice yard. 30 Fair Oaks »t. ; rent $10.
i 1C0 FLATS, houses. A. M. SPECK 4; CO 687
Market «t.
3100 California st.. store and flat S rooms
above $.,0: S31 Webster, e. « r.. $30: 213H Elm
ave.. f. 5 r., $!.»; 14C0 Jackson, h. 9 r $„• 142»
2? W ?5V £ Z T " l8: ™ McA »l*ter. h. 3 r..
$32: 1630 Golden Gate ave.. h. S r.. $30.
' $27 SO— ONE of those handsome sunny -ouses;
I " rooms: exprsed plumbing. 512 Guerrero st.
I HOLSES TO LKT— KL'K\ISH_dI
COTTAGE of < rooms near the park: 111 Do
GEC >- W. H. PATTERSON _ CO..
liCfi .Market st.
PIERCE." 47— Handsomely furnished sunny
SPH^-^^S?™ and basement; reasonable;
HELP WA~TED-F_MA_B.
RESPECTABLE your.* si rl to care tor child
3H yrs. old; references. OH Monday. 930 Ellis.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
will fit you for 1 a success ful business life;
dressmaking thoroughly taught: artistic de-
signing a specialty: millinery course unsur-
p_7ed: MCDOWELL'S. 1019 Market «t.
WANTED— A competent rlrl for cooking, and
housework; references preferred. 2319 W ash-
lngton at. - ¦
Al OPERATORS wanted on cloaks. Apply M.
BIMONOFF. 1228 Market st.
WANTED-Woman for country. Call after 10
a. m. at 923 Flllmore st.
BRENNER-ULMAN CO. want experienced
operators on dress shirts; steady work; beat
pay. 13 Battery at. '
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
preparing and canning; steady work; highest
w r a e g P e, paid: premiums P*«* n^T q pACKINO
Apply Immediately U. S. FRLIT PACKINO
CO Harrison ave.. between Seventh and
Eighth Bts.. off Folsom.
30* GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Cannera* Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit: steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornlan Canneries Co.. Ltd.. Brannan st..
between Third and Fourth.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV!
STRAUSS & CO/S factory. 32*4 Fremont St.:
no experience necessary: good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— A lady to assist In giving baths
and massage: cood home and fair par to
right party; state age. Box 3297. Call office.
WANTED- Reliable girl to take care of 3 chii-
dren and do general housework. 3329 Twenty-
secono st.
HAIRDRESSERS and apprentices for hair
work at G. LEDEREK'S. 123 Stockton st-
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. MFG. CO.. 4U9A Turk st.
SMALL elrl for light housework; wage* $S.
787 Stevenson at., off Ninth. -
EXPERIENCED operators on gint'n white
shirts; steady work good hands. 535 Valencia.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. 541 Market at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Foleom «t., between 13th and 14th.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor. -
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038 Va-
lencla ti. -
HELP WASTED-MALE.
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2C0 teamsters, Nevada 12 a day
100 teamsters. Bakersfleld 12 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
ICO laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
Wanted for big tunnel. Chatsworth Park:
EO tunnelmen »2 to $2 SO a day
Ship daily Office fee Jl Free fare
13 laborers, concrete work. Coast road, X2 S3
day and ud Fee Jl Free fare
I 20 fruit pickers, Jl day and board: 20 swamp-
ers for woods, $30. fare advanced; miners and
machine men. J2 EO and $3 a day; gardener
and wife, JoO; farmer and wife, $35; 6 stable
men. }25 and J30; blacksmith. J45; wagon-
maker. J45; harnessmaker. »3i; 6 milkers, J25 I
and $30; sawyer, $43; farmers, choremen and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Chef. $75: night cook, $30. country restaurant;
ranch cook, $20; hotel baker. J5O: German
butcher, country, $35; dishwashers, kitchen
hands, bellboys, porters and others.
Extra Ironer, hotel laundry, $1 60 day and
found, free fare; marker and distributor. $50:
polisher. (50; 6 lroners. $25 to $33; all-round
laundryman. $15 a week.
C. R. HANSEX & CO 104 Geary gt.
A BARKEEPER: first-class place, country; $7J
a month.
C. R. HANSEX & CO 104 Geary st.
EXTRA man. first clasa country hotel. $1 50
day and free fare both ways. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN ofllce assistant and stenographer. Address
Mercantile, box 3287. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
civil service examination - without seelnjr Il-
lustrated catalogue of Information; sent fre«.
Columbian Correspondence College. Wash-
ington, D. C.
BOY well recommended to attend store and
run errands. ROGERSO.V. 535 Valencia st.
PARTNER wanted to Increase present profita-
ble business. Box 2931. Call office.
TAILOR wanted: general workman; steady
Job: $15 per week. Address W. H. WALKER.
BakersQeld. Cal.
I EXPERIENCED short knife cutter at Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
GOOD shoemaker. tl52 Shattuck ave., Berkeley
station.
WANTED— Practical tinsmith Monday morn-
ing at 1136 Mission st.
MAN to solicit work: painting, whitening,
whitewashing; and strong active boy or mid-
dle-aged man. handy with tools; reference.
Box 1932, CalK
I WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets: highest wages paid on
the roast; correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS. 7 and 9 Battery st.. city.
BRIGHT, neat boy of 15 or 16 for dental office.
Apply after 9 a. m.. Monday. 48 CFarrell st.
PERSONS now holding positions car! make
money without interfering with present em-
ployment. For particulars address box 1990,
Call office.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; cood opportunity to right roan. F.
PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
WANTED— Grocery salesman for retail busi-
ness. Box 19S3, Call office.
BOY nt the California Clothing Renovatory Co.,
116 Geary st.
WANTED— Bright, well-educated boy. 18 to
learn architecture. 44 Thurlow block.
GOOD coatmakpr and a bushelman; steady
work. P. H. GALLAGHER & CO.. 3 Flood
building. . ... \
STRONG boy or good family, between 12 and
16 years of age, work ln store and drive de-
livery wagon. 709 Larkln st.
WANTED- One plumber and two helpers. 643
Sacramento st.
WANTED-Errand boy for drug store; rive
ago and residence. Address box 1509, Call.
¦WANTED— A man that understands nursery
work and florist business. Call MO Haight st.
WANTED— Four teamsters to drive team Ar>-
ply to J. O'SHEA, Kth and Vermont ats-jclty.
WANTED— A man to sell plants on coramij-
I slon. Call 500 Haight st. commis-
BEDMAKER wanted. Dewey House, 32 East
SSffl c a u"ffice. take Pa77n dental worit -
BUTCHER wanted; experienced cutter pre-
ferred. Apply box 4605. Call office. P
"MlTutetC?" 1 !? CaPUal K^^T-J
JEWELRY talesman who can engrave- state
age, experience ar.d reference. Box 4fiL' "?H
w . ANT J :r> — Young man as l.nrkeener mil »t
Criterion saloon. 4i_StOckton st
JiSililii
"<Jn T K?r shooting gallery.
X Du E sh~E I t° te "' E "' t "y t0 work .' n "ore.
S Sn^n r^ S hri? rt o^n P a r n,? nS t0 « an «« »«
WANTED— ' ~ —
¦fi :1 l»r^-?T i '. run^nTflT.
k _a > rke1*.^ )re "' rl> «<» «« oper«.
FRENCH r««t1ltiBB nnd rtramfitle nrt— Prlvat*
?. t ll^ I , i ; i ": 1 ' *»«*lit bJr M1BB BIjANCH BOU«
Lycfttm Theater School of AotlMr.
310-8H O'l^aitgll mU __________
BOOICKEISI'INU vr dborthandl If fP« want to
learn In n limited time take prlrat* le^on»
from, an pxi'erlenced teacher. M. W. COIl*
NKLTa romn E?, Thtirlo- block; 1M Kearny^
BOOKKISKPINd, frw trial; private l»«son»! I
m f». In Mllese not etiual to 8 ttkn, with mei
ta.TAnu, expert nccnt.j «9 Farrott bld»t. __
ALL itudanls but two takin« full ewir** this
'JW pt lH-Htlotli. SAN FHANC1BCU BUBt-
.1MB. Market it.
ENGINUisiuno, rltll, elec.mlnlnpf, mech. ¦««"-
vey. n»rov, eynnlde, arch;; Any, ere.; «"*t- I***-
VAN I.tUlt NA1LLBN SCHOOL, »83 Market.
CA LIFOUNIA Huslnees Coll'se, 895 !*irkln—
All hrmnch>n{ thorough; pc«ltlon» seeurnlj
1'IANO *n<\ Oprranni pnt'll »f Ct»nc»nratory In
I^-lp»ic; lr>Bonn Xft.. 820 Oolilm Onte «tv«. _
AIIIT1IMKT10. boohkeeplnR, Bmninmr, wrltln*.
etc., «*ay or ; in tno. 1024 tllyslon, nr. cth.
UKALD'H ntrpTNKPB (-QljijrAiPl, I* J'oet nt..
B. F.;_fo«iulei> 1*63: BO-pane camion"* free ;_
LE JKt?Nl3 Art Rtiir^Crart BclTooli modcllnir.
de»lnr^ln^ri>rvltig, all brfltielips. 48* P.'ri*- wt.
CHKArKST «nd befit In Am^7[ei^Tho Weekly
Call, U pBBPg, !«0Mt to any Bddr»>i>» In the
United {Jiatpp or Canada one yenr for II.
pottnsn pal.l. _______________
nMn«0VM_5l¥ OfflCBg.
A— JAPANESE and Clilnene employment con-
tractor: mtab. ov<»r 10 year*: nil kind* help.
_21 Po»t Bt., n°nr Powell i tplPphong Hu»h 135.
UNION Jnpnnp««-ClitnFi>e emp. oWce— flput help ,
ftirn.; domestic serv. 41t Powell; «<¦!. Utmh 2"t \
OKPItntJM Kmpli.iytnptit Offlce— Jnpanvsi*. Chl-
nei»f hflp. 4S6 I'owrll.nr.Kutter; l»l. II lack 507?.
JAPANESE nnd Chlnene Kmplnyrnent Office;
best help furn.; tel. John IUI. »(*H Btockton.
CH1NESH and Jnpnnvnn Employment Otncf—
Uett help. 4Hit, O'Fnrrfll ft.; tH- KaKt 426.
nMiM,ov>iis,\T wAvrun — kkmalk.
MIDDLn-AGKI) Orrtnan woman, flrnt-claas
cook, utrong nnd nrtlvp. wishes situation a»
Independent cook or housekeeper In (food fam-
ily, farm or Institution; can do oooklng for |
30 to CO pernonn; apeakii only Gnrman. 723 J
Klphth St.. Oukland. ______________
WOMAN wants work for 11 few houri mornlnj
and cvenlnK: sowing, clerlcol or houtework.
Bon 2833. Call ofnce. ¦-?'*.
BBAMSTRESS would llko a few more engage-
ments, U 25 per day. 1 l'olk H.
EXPERIENCED bookkrepor wnnta position;
good renman; reffrenccs. Address box 2332,
Call office.
REKINED woman wishes a ponitlon of trust;
references. Addrenw box 1609, Call office.
GIRI^ wants a place ln bakery or candy store;
apcaks German and English. Box 2911, Call. .
WIDOW of middle age from the East would
like j>osltlon as working housekeeper. Ad-
dress T.. 212 Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, wishes situation
In hotel or boarding-house; city or country.
Address 726 Mission st.
YOUNG woman with references would like
housecleaning by the day; }l 10 a day; hours
n to 5. MRS. S., 406 Clementina st.
POSITION wanted as clrrk In candy store: 15
years In one place; country preferred. J. V.*.,
472 Stevenson gt.
YOUNG German lady wants a situation as
lady's maid or upstairs work; references
glv^n. llox 4C01, Call office. ¦
HERMAN woman wants work by the day.
waKhinjr, ironing and housecleanlng. ICol
Howard st.
WOMAN wishes sewing: nnd mendlnst to do at
home. Call at 116 Sixth »t., room L
DRESSMAKING— A thorough fitter In tailor |
and event r.s suits; SI 60 per day. 144 Taylor.
KKl.lAHI.i: woman wishes a situation to do
Keneral housework; Is good cook; city or
country; no postal cards. 10 Stockton place,
oft Grant ave.
A YOUNG lady would like a grood home in
country; will assist ln light housework; no
washlnjr; state wages. Address box 2000, Call
office, Oakland.
A CAPABLE German woman wants work by I
the day washing, ironing and cleaning. 1123
liroadway. j
A COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position; 3
years' experience: references. Box 1611, Call.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing and mending !
to do at home. 630 San Jose ave.*
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission st., room 1. .
A COMPETENT woman with a child of 7
would llk« employment;' no objection to coun-
try. Add. MRS. LOVRIGING, 3191 ISth st.
KrCFI> T ED Kastern lady wishes position as
housekeeper in city or country. MILS. L.. Z.
QUINN, Oakland, Cal., general delivery.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes upstairs
¦work and rewlne: city or country. 764 Six- i
teenth et., Oakland.
WOMAN wishes position to do work by the
day.' 1ST3 Fifteenth St., near Mlcslon.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kte: 2C0 rooms; 23c to Jl EO nijcht: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
nnd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia st
EMI'LOVMEXT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION— German, plir dTTlTipsIcTT 25 y. :
unmarried: rtrictly temper.; English, French,
Russian, Latin; piano, organ; scientific: li-
brary; translation and tuition work; lat©
teacher Tokio. Japan. Government College of
Languages; with attests and references;
v.-ants any suitable position. 278 Ninth st.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; good ref-
erences; good home the object. II. AV., 410
Sixth st.
ADVERTISER fage 35) wants work of any
kind; neat appearance; experienced book-
keeper; Al references: not afraid of hard
work: no objection to country or low wages.
Address G. WORKER. 701 Stockton at., city.
STEADT. reliable man wishes place as coach-
man and earelener: city or country; r«fer-
ences. Pox 2359, Call office.
ELDERLY man who can do work around
house and garden; cannot milk; small wages
If work not too hard. Box 2937. Call office.
COACHMAN: thoroughly understands his bum-
ness; young man with best of city references;
nrst-class all-round horseman. Address J. C,
box 2036. Call ofllce.
CARPENTER, good workman, single, middle-
aged, active, sober, wants work by week, or
month; would go on ranch or vineyard; Is
Box* %S?°£Jl°T Rc ™ inteT; mOdfrate WageS "
Bi cSfc Ti g£ mr&u^fffc'r - clasa "^^
SPANISH nnd English correspondent, stenog-
rapher, translator, interpreter, desires posl-
102? 'sutterit experlence: references. Addrees
YOUNG man of good habita desires position as
valet or care of Invalid; city reference. Ad-
drcss box 19S5. Call office.
MAN (35) would like to have some kind of
b 0 o x^^9s r^c a ll a •of m n• ce ; o i p - m - «*"*/ Addresg
MII i > .? LE " Aar:D man wants a position; handy
vrith tools; wages not so much an object as
.a home; all-around man. Pox. 1982, CalL
SITUATION wanted by single man; vegetable
gardening, general farming and raising poul-
try ; references. Address box 13OS, Call ofHce.
COMPETENT man wants to take care of small
fruit ranch; reference. Addrgss box 1815. Call.
ELDERLY man. strictly temperate, wants
work; rood at gardening and choiing around;
will make himself generally useful; small
-___.*:.. . Box 19 ». Call office. ,
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position as
bartender or anything In grocery store; flrst-
class reference. Box 1996, Call office.
A YOUNG man, single, gardener, with best of
Sig isff^romce* 8 '" 8 a P ' aCe - : AddreSa
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position aa Janl-
™ °!iM» at S. hman: can Elve best of references.
11 ix 4602. Call office.
A YOUNG married: man wishes a position:
1S01 <?" ,, preferred : handy with tools. Box
E^f E w IENCE . D fireman 'or engineer wants a
situation. Address H. S.. 3323 Twentieth st.
6I iTi UA T< O V T r an . ted by one advanced in mind;
.« «! ?,l e ' ct '5 l l 0me ' no money; desire time
;box w £&^^e.? thc world - Address
iY 2 U J sG Germ ,«n of 23 with best of references
desires steady position in ' private family or
as -Janitor in jeome Institution of this city.
Address box 3»Q. Call office,
NIGHT watchman with l»st references would
1 127 Turk^'t" 0 "* AddresB C.-HARTMANN,
I GROCERY^ clerk wants place.. Call or address
I Q. P.. Io02 Mission st. ¦
! N «hf-ir K ™ <3u * te "t «n Eastern training
school and experienced i masseur, wishes a
position. Address A.. M..-.817 Stockton st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an* subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrlptlona has been established at 1096 Va-
¦ lencla st. ;•; 'TEDE SL___ff IFRAJSTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 12, 1900.
37
REAX ESTATE — -CITY— FOR SA__E.
O. H. UMBSBN A CO.,
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
£,700— Rents $48) per annum; 2 substantial
flala of E rooms and bath each; 2Sx
122:8 feet; Mission warm belt, near
Eighteenth and Howard its.
$18,500— Rents $1800 per annum; corner on Elov-
enth St.; 106x100; 6 bouses of 9 rooms
and bath each.
$7,000— Rents $840 per annum; 8 new modern
flats of 7, 6 and 6 rooms and bath each;
on Jones st; 25x100 to an alley; always
rented.
$S. 000— Rents $792 per annum; 2 houses of 7
rooms and bath each, and lot 33x100;
Devisadero at. ; must be "sold to close
an estate.
$6,600— 2-story basement and • Eastlake resi-
dence; lot 25x93:6.
$6,000 — Rents $513 per annum; 2 nice modern
flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each;
Oak st., short distance from Market;
large loL
$5,200— Very cozy cottage on Devisadero St.: 5
rooms, bath and basement; 27;6-10O; to
close an estate.
$7,500— Rents $600 per annum; only $1500 cash
reauired; balance can remain to suit
buyer on mortgage in Hibernia Bank;
2 flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each:
stable on rear street; 25x120; 2 front-
ages; Hayes st
$4,000— Renta $504 per annum; 2 stores and flat;
nearly new modern building; good lo-
cation in the Mission.
$3,800— Rents $540 per annum; Natoma St.; 6
tenements and lot 25x80.
$3,E00— Rents $540 per annum; 2 flats of
C rooms and 2-story house and lot; near
Third and Folsom sts.
$2,750— Rents $432 per annum; near Sixth and
Brannan sts. ; 6 flats and lot 25x100; this
is a bargain.
$2,650 — Elegant modern home: Mission warm
belt: new house of 6 rooms and bath;
handy to Mission st. cars; mouern in
every respect; very easy terms.
New pocket map of San Francisco County, 25c.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
• AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY, August 20, 1900,
at 12 o'clock noon.
SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
Executor's Sale.
NE. corner of Sixth and Clementina ete.:
substantial three-story building, consisting of Z
stores and lodging house of 22 rooms; rents S1S0
per month; both streets accepted; lot 40x80:6;
subject to conflr mation by the court.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS ON PACIFIC
HEIGHTS.
Administrator's Sale.
6W. corner of Broadway and Broderick st. ;
10 choice lots to be offered in subdivisions, com-
manding an unobstructed marine view; located
In the choicest residence district of the Pacific
Heights; lots 27:6x137:6; subject to confirmation
by the court.
CHOICE PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING
LOTS.
Jackson st, S. line, west of Walnut; 2 choice
residence lots commanding a fine marine view;
25x100 each.
FILLMORE-ST. BUSINESS CORKER.
113, 115, 117 and 119 Fillmore ft. and 103 Ger-
manla et; Improvements consist of store and
I 6 flats of 4 and 5 room* and bath each; bay
windows, brick foundation, stone sidewalks,
etc.; rents JM per month; both streets accepted:
lot 4SxSl:3; bank mortgage of $6300 can remain.
REFEREE SALE.
The two following lots, by order of Henry
P. Umbsen. sole referee, subject to conflrma-
Fifteenth St., S. line near Market and San-
chez; 2 choice bulletins lots 25x100 each.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
The three following properties, subject to con-
firmation by the court:
No. 1.
NW. comer of Twenty-fifth and Capp fits.;
residence of 11 rooms and bath; brick I'ounda-
tlon. stone walk, etc: both streets bitumlnized
and acceded: lot -&xll5 to rear alley.
i No. 2.
I Lot 6, block 106, University Mound Homestead,
I 1COX120.
i No. 3.
Lots 15 and IS, in block 4, City Land Associa-
tion; 60x100.
1 FIRST-ST. INVESTMENT.
355 First St., near Folsom, 2-etory dwelling
: of S rooms and bath, and 1-story dwelllnc of
3 rooms on Boston place; rents $36 50 per month;
lot 2SxS7_l with "L"; 2')x25.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Must be sold to close an estate.
SW. Twenty-fourth and Ltellevue sts. ; lot 70x
125; close to car line.
REFEREE SALE. 3
32 Clara et, NW. line, near Fourth; 2-story
house of 7 rooms, arranged for two families,
street accepted by the city; lot 25x75.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
>> ; v.v -'.'.-";.- '¦ :<*.¦¦¦*' 14 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISib.
Post st. near Jones; great future; lot 26:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate.
$17,000— Fulton st.. between Polk et. and Van
Ness ave.; lot 50x110 to Ash ave. •
$CT.OO— Capp st, near Twenty-third; rents $05;
i flats all rented; 57:6x122:6.
I $6500— Laundry: well leased; Lombard St..
| near Fillmore; 6S:Sxl37:6.
Elegant residence Just finished; Masonic ave..
j near Frederick Bt. : grand view of both ocean
and bay; 8 rooms, bath, attic, etc.; electric
wires, gas grates and sun in every room; price
| only $6100.
California st., adjoining corner Polk; lot 59x
S7:6; must be sold to close estate.
JSOOO— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $37;
lot 25:6x120 to Locust, ave.
$?000 — Harrison St.. near Tenth: flats; rents
$50; only partially improved; 75x100.
$5000— Baker st, near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2300 — Bryant St., near Seventh; 2 cottages;
rents $20; lot 20xS0.
| $4230— Octavla st, near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:CxlOO.
$3S00 — Greenwich St.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$1500— Day st., near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market St., opp. Palace H«tel. *
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$55,000— NW. corner; Turk St., near Larkln;
137:6x137:6; rents $293; partially Improved.
$50,000— Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend Us. ; 99x240 feet; two frontages.
I Broadway, near Franklin st. — 77x137:6; modern
house of IS rooms.
$13.000 — Corner Green and Powell Bts.; 70x70;
3-story building; rents $132.
$12,500— Union st, near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house: 25:9xl2S:9; rents $57.
$8000 — Ellis Ft., near Octavla; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
j 100; house of 12 rooms.
$6500— Grove st, near Central ave. ; 25x127:6;
new three-story bay-window flats; rents $50.
$0000 — Vallejo st., near Mason; 4S:l%xl37:6,
with an L; 2 flats and rear house; rents $<5S.
. $6000— Folsom et., near Eighth; 25x30; 2 flats*
rents $46. '
$5000— Green St.. ne«ir Dupont: 26:6x80; 3 bay-
window flats; rents iZS.
$4500— Page st, near Pierce; 23x100; cottac":
rent $27 50.
$4500— Kearney, near Union; 20x80 to rear
street; 2 houses: rents $38 25.
$4250— Webster Et., near Filbert; 25x100; 6 room
cottage.
$3750— Ellis st, n»ar Pierce, 30x75; cottage.
$2900— Central ave., n»>ar Hayes st..' store and
4 rooms and bath; 25x1 CO.
$1700— Augupte place, near Green; £4x20; 3
flats; rents $24.
UNIMPROVED.
$5000— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6SvDS.
Z6POO — Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts. ,
£5x100; will pubdivlcle. '
$3."00— Fulton, near Fillmore; 32:0x137:6.
$3000— Lacuna Bt. near Page: 25x100.
$27 r i0 each— Post St.', near Devlsadero; 2 lots.
30x90 — W. line of Mission, S. of ; Army: 3 lots.
$1750 — Corner Castro nn<3 Alvnrado: 26:6x105.
$150(1 — Suiter Rt, near Lvon; 35:3x100. ;.
$15(0— Union Bt., near Pierce: 2'.:2x1fO.
$1000— Angelica, near Nineteenth: 2C_G3.
SPF.CIAL BARGAINS; MUST BE SOLd! ~
$12Ti each — 2 lots on Montana st. ; near school.
$900— jmo ca?h. balance 510 por month; 4-
room cottage, bath,' etc.: cost over ' $1500.
$150— « beautiful lot*. 2Cxl25: Broad st.'
$150 each — 2 choice lota on Plymouth ave.
Propf-rty bought and sold on installments. .¦
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa st. Ocean View.
CF.NUINE bargains — Almost completed. : 2 ple-
gant coltases. up to date In every particular;
eaey terms given; nothing like them In. the
city call and see for yourself: sunny side of
Alvarado St.. bet Noe and Sanchez. S. A.
BORN, owner, and builder.
$3000— 2-STORY house. . 8 rooms and . bath ; - lot
25x100; on Stanyan Bt. cloi?e to the park;
must eell; make an ofTer. Apply to II. I..
REA. 4C3 Washington Bt, city.
NEW cottage, 4 rooms and bath; very cheap;
on Installments. 46 Prospect ave.. Mission. *
RESIDENCE for sale: a bargain; %vm. West-
ern Addition : convenient to can* ; : 27<,<.xl37VS :
9 rooms, bath; terms to suit purchaser. Ad-
dress box 8. Call office.
COTTAGE for sale; 4 rooms, 7-foot basement;
. lot £0x75. 115 Gaven Et. oS San Bruno road.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
BALDWIN & HOTvTEXL. -._.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET-STREET PROPERTY.
Near City Hall; 27:9_137:«; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only $43,500.
$60,000-Market St.. near City Hall; S-story
brick building: rents $135: lot 25x100. '
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
8everal choice lots on this thorou_hfax« at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at offlce.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27,600— Paclflc-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence, 17 rooms, 2 baths: all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$5000— Green st., near Gough: good residence, 8
rooms and bath and* laundry; lot 126:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$30,000— Geary St., near Van Ness ave.: 4 resi-
dences; rents $180: lot 97:6x120 to rear street.
$S7,50O— Folsom St.: corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents $170; lot 100x87:6.
$1500 cash— J3000 can remain on mortgage;
Broadway st., north side, near Larkln ; old im-
provements; large lot; 42:9x137:6; suitable for
i flats. .
BARGAINS.
$16,5O0-Rents $122 50; fine corner on Oak St.:
good Improvements; all rented; 3 frontages; lot
37:6x120.
$5300— Rents $56 50 per month: 3 new flats just
completed; near 22d and Valencia sts.; lot 2ax
114: safe Investment.
$3500— Mission road, near Thirtieth: one-story
building containing store and 3 living rooms
In the rear; street work done; lot 26x72; terms
$1MO cash, balance monthly payments.
$3750— Cumberland et., corner of Dolores; two
fine fiats; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $36;
lot 25_S9.
AN OFFER WANTED
$(5000— Rents $65; Natoma st.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
J3I50— Buchanan st.. near Halght; nice bay-
window double cottage; 8 rooms and batn; cor-
ner lot; big bargain. J\ , ,.
$15.000— Beautiful residence In the Mission: 14
rooms. 2 baths; fine grounds; sun all around:
lot "Gxll5; make offer.
$26.000— Price reduced: Washington st. resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden; sun
all day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fall to see thla
property.
$2750— Richmond District; entirely new; 2 cot-
taeres; modern In every respect; easy terms.
$3350— Sunset District; 2 handsome, new mod-
ern residences Just completed; 6 rooms and batn ;
and basement; lot 25x120; easy terms; call at
branch offlce, Ninth ave. and H st. .
$4000— Steiner St., near Ellis; cottaje 4 rooms;
lot 25x90. .
VACANT LOTS.
$4000— Steiner. near Fulton: lot 27:«xll'>.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6xi:7:S%;
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250— Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and^ bath:
partly finished attic: large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Offers wanted for following property:
$12.000 — Pays 7 per cent net; fine Improve-
ments; Bush St., near Stockton; two frontages.
150,000— Income nearly $5000 per annum; fine
Investment; close to Powell and Sntter sts.
$12,000— Hyde st.. near Sutter; good location
for flats, physician or sanitarium.
Must be sold to close an estate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10' Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 Montgomery ¦ st.
J2.50O-SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert; 41x62; fine
site for home or flats: very cheap.
$6,500— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert; 60x137; flna
site for a home; Hyde-st. cars.
$15,000— SV.'. cor. Green and Leavenworth: 13Vx
137; good dwelling; fine grounds; superb j
view; easy of access from Hyde or
Union st. cars.
$17,000— Business property: Fillmore, near Cali-
fornia; rents $1450 per annum; never va!\
HAWKS & gKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$10,000— HANDSOME home on Pacific ave.: IU
rooms and bath; furnace, etc.; lot 35_127:S;
best location
O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$21,000— INSIDE corner; pays 7 per cent net;
inside Jones st. : hotel location. ;
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery St.
J6000— RENTS $56 per month; 3 fiats: inside of
Jones and Post: good building; separate en-
trances; brick foundations; sanitary plumb-
ing, etc.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$1000— WEBSTER-ST. Rats; 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; lot alone worth the price.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
12250 KACII — Five lots on Van Ness ave.. near
Lombard st. : 2oxl09 each; street bitumlnized.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22, Montgomery st.
LOTS WITH MARINE VIEW.
$2230 — Lot 25x112:6; north side of Green, near
Gou^h.
$2000— Lot 25:10x137:6; north side of Green,
west of Gou;h.
$3£00— SE. and SW. corners of Clay and Ma-
ple; 27:SxS7:6.
$3300— SE. cor. Clay and Spruce; 27:8x87:6. •
$S5 per front foot — Lots any size; north side
of Clay, west of Maple.
$3300— West side of Maple, bet. Washington
and Jackson; 33x119. >
$S230— NE. cor. Jackson and Maple; 60-160;
finest marine view In town.
$2300-Corner Pacific and Walnut: 32:6x63:9;
_rand view.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. ~
An up-to-date colonial residence: magnificent
marine view; north line of Vallejo at., near
Fillmore-st. car: large parlor, reception hall,
dining-room and kitchen on first floor; four
larpe bed chambers or. second floor; attic large
enough for four additional rooms If needed;
basement contains servants' room, wineroom,
laundry and storeroom; large lot: price J14.C00.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
New colonial residence of 7 rooms, bath and
attic; finely finished throughout; large base-
ment: lot £0 feet front; a beautiful home; price
$13. SCO.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
$5000— Marine view; lot 3«:4\ixl27:8; north line
of Clay st., near Locust.
$60 per front foot; any size lot; Clay St., near
Maple.
$2000— Lot 30x127 :S: Clay St.. near Cherry.
J2000 — Lot 40x100; near Washington and Cher-
ry sts.
$1750— Lot 27x127; Washington St., near First
avenue boulevard.
$600— Lot 25x100; California St., near Third
ave.; many others.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2800— New cottage In Mission warm belt;
easy terms.
$1500— Lot 55x114; north side of Twenty-fifth
st.. near CastrO; will subdivide.
Send for list of Mission cottages and lots.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. -
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage of the Very Low Prices! Don't
Fall to See Us Before Buying!
$3J0 to $800— Choicest Sunset lots, near new
Music Stand; ready to build on; $.10 monthly.
$250 to $750— Choice Richmond lots for build-
ing; $10 monthly.
$75 to $250— On Mission st. and San Mateo car
line; only $5 monthly payments.
$500 to $1000— For small cottages: splendid lo-
tions; near cars; payments same as rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
GEARY- STREET FLATS ~ ""
FOR SALE QUICKLY.
$5750 only— Rents $53; large, sunny lot; two
frontages, 2 flats In front; 2 rear; new plumb-
Ing throughout; good tenants: pays 12 per cent
per annum: few steps from Devlsadero st. ; must
sell now. JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent.
420 Montgomery st. J
300 ROOMS; prominent, sunny corner $2S0:)
82 rooms; clears $150; good location.... 2S00
• 60 rooms: elegantly furnished: comer.. 6000
Houses fro— l 7 to 100 rooms; city and coun-
try hotels. EITEL & CARROLL. 1003',. Mkt.
C. C. BEMIS. Real EFtate and General Land
Agent. 32.1 Montgomery ct.
I Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; SOxlll feet.
¦ : $1600— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 23x
137:6 feet. , '
EXECUTORS' Sale— Estate of the late FER-
GUS O'LEARY, on Market st., No. 13SC, nc.v
number 1458.: lot (25) twenty-flve feet fronr
by one hundred ,(100) feet deep: also two lots
v- directly In rear," twenty-flve (25) by one hun-
dred (100), on City Hall ave. Apply to WIL-
LIAM F. O'LEARY, JOHN McDONOUGH,
EDWARD J. LEARY. executors. Ruts
; . House •¦...''.." •-•-•'
RICHMOND PANHANDLE LOTS.
.. $50 . cash. . $10 per month. Interest at 7 per
cent : Clement St., . Fourteenth. Fifteenth and
Point Lobos . rives. ; 25x127:6; facing the new
panhandle from the Park to the Presidio. O.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery 8t.
FOR sale— On Eleventh ave.. between II. and
I streets; 2 modern houses of , 6 rooms and
bath, basement, gas fixtures, open plumbing.
$3350. Apply, to D. -LEWIS, owner, on prem-
Ibcs. or at mill 553 Brannan st.
$7750— THREE new ' modern flats, with ' marble
• steps, frescoed ceilings, etc.. In the best rent-
" Ing section of the city; one block from Halght
¦ :¦ et.- cars, on .Waller,; St., near » Pierce; renta
: $960 per year ; j easy , terms. : : : . ,
ALL sorts of financial problems , solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estate-.
8-ROOM cottage; 237 Sunnyilde" ave.; $50 cash,
$10 oer - month. - - THE MCCARTHY CO., ' (44
Mark-* •*-
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell, then call
on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
MODERN houses built lowest prices; plans and
- estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
NEW cottage: 8 rooms, bath: lot 50x100; Mis-
sion: easy terms or vacant lot. 413 Keamy st.
RKAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
A "FEW POINTERS" AND DESCRIPTIONS
OF BARGAINS.
Prospective purchasers of country property
will please remember that while I handle and
am accurately acquainted with every acre of
land on the market In NAPA and SONOMA
counties, making a special feature of the
"Lovely Napa Valley," still I have a very
large list of every class and price of improved
and unimproved ranches throughout the State:
have made a strict specialty of handling coun-
try property for twenty years, traveling most
of the time, consequently am personally ac-
quainted with more places for sale and ex-
change than all other agents in this city. Over
3C0O ranches on my list, principally In the bay
counties.
NAPA COUNTY.
Only $1250 for this 21 acres; easy terms If de-
sired: all practically level, highly cultivated
loam; 4-room residence, large barn, well, oak
shade trees, etc.; only 3 miles by level road
from Napa.
EXTRA SPECIAL MENTION.
Here's a money-maker and lovely home;
average Income over $2000 a year; offered with
growing crop and fully equipped; stock, ve-
hicles. Implements, boxas. trays, hay. grain,
etc. ; at unprecedented sacrifice for cash or on
reasonable terms: might take part In exchange
of city property: 43 acres, all fine land; good
fencing: 38 highly cultivated: 5 wooded pasture:
1430 thrifty bearing trees: 17 tons of cherries
from 350 trees last year: 12 acres resistant vine-
yard, should average 50 tons yearly; 12 acrps
to hay and grain; excellent 6- room residence,
concrete cellar, excellent barn and other out-
buildings: 2 wells: charming view; better than
stated; place Is worth fully twice what can
be bought for: located in thickly settled dis-
trict; near school; only 3V4 miles by level road
from Napa. Take my advice and purchase this
splendid property at once.
UNEQUALED VALUE.
MO acres; only SISoO; all good pasturage: con-
s'derahle cultivated: good residence, barn,
ponitrv ar-ani?<»rnents. fencing; bearing family
orchard; living springs and creek: Includes
k*»-u« otock ana implements; only 7 miles by
Al road from Napa.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
1100 acres— Excellent stock er general farm:
100 cultivated: 100 more should be: 20 acres
bearing vineyard: some orchard: will easily
carry 100 cattle. 250 hogs (thousands of tons if
acorns eveiy year), and all. work stock, the
year round; fully 20.000 corns of oak, easy ->l
access; 4 horses haul 3 cord", worth $3 50 »
cord, to Napa: easily $13,000 profit from wood
alone: complete set buildings; fencing: 20 liv-
ing springs, etc. ; located 1 mile from school
and Postofllce; only 12 miles by fine road from
Napa; can be bought for one-third actual
value, or will exchange for smaller place near
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS.
Wt ams: all fine land: 12 acres thrifty vine-
yard; 5 acres bearing orchard: 20 acres plow
land: balance best of wooded hill pnsture: good
fencing; spring water piped everywhere; Al G-
room residence, rock cellar; barn, poultry ar-
rangements, etc.; fine building for store and
saloon; unequaled location for business: It's a
complete and lovely home ranch, recently held
at $10,000: now in Al condition, but offered f«r |
KlX.(i\ buildings cost more money; it's a snap. |
GILT EDGE. !
40 acres very fins valley loam: first -class fruit
and vineyard land: now raisins heavy crops of ;
grain, com and vegetables: good fencing; fine j
new 7-room residence, cost JISOO; barn and *
j other outbuildings; 2 excellent wells: family
orchard; 3 miles by level road from Napa; 1
mile from steamer landing; IK 00.
HERE'S A DANDY.
100 acr^s: every inch flrst-class. highly culti-
vated, level lcam; Al fencing: complete set
buildings; abundance water; bearing family j
orchard, etc. ; only 4 miles frcm Napa, for
$SGOO.
SUBDIVISION SALE.
5. 10, 15. 20, any part of 200 acres: best land |
and location within _•_ miles of Napa, for $45 !
to $70 per acre: for cash or on easy termj; |
) you can't equal it. j
AN EARTHLY PARADISE.
2150 acres, of which 900 acres Is the very
finest highly cultivated valley land In Nap*
County; balance Is unsurpassed wcoded hil!
pasturage: good fencing into several fields; 2
living creeks; great many sprines: fine bu!l<t- J
Ings; 10 acres bearing orchard, etc.; it's simply >
perfection of a ranch; only $40,000; worth doubl.
the money. ,
GOOD, COMPLETE AND CHEAP. i
20 acres highly cultivated valley loam: flr^f- i
class fencing; 5 acres being orchard: good resi- !
d»nce, barn, sheds, poultry arrangements; i
abundance water: complete with stock, v«r- I
hides, tools, poultry, hay, etc., for $2100; only I
3 miles from Napa.
N. D. SICKELF, the LAND AGENT. <! Oeary.
ATTENTION. HOME-SEEKERS! i
We are subdividing one of the finest pieces I
of orchard land in the famous Santa Clara !
Valley, known as the San Martin Ranch. 74 ;
miles from San Francisco on the main lin«-:
two trains daily; railroad station on the place:
town of San Martin part of the property with j
Its 13000 schoolhouse: surrounded by beautiful
orchard homes 1 : will sell In tracts to suit upon
payment of 25 per cent down, balance at 6
per cent net; will refund fare to buyer; maps
and photos at office.
We have made arrangements with the R.
R. Co. to sell excursion tickets on Sunday
for $2 SO for round trip; cars leave Third and
Townsend sts. at 9 ».. in., back in city at
4:10 p. m., giving 2 hours on ranch; free car- j
rlage: our Mr. Biish will accompany Intend-
ing buyers each Sunday: tickets good from
Saturday to Monday. $3.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post St.
$4,dC0— 15 ACRES. Menlo Park; exchange for
Western Addition residence and pay
cash difference.
S10.000 — TOO acres choice land: abundance of
wood and water; 20 acres bearing or-
chard; exchange for bay property; no
mortgage.
S4.5C0 — Alamedi residence: choice location; ex-
change in part for land or city resi-
dence.
$3,000— New modern Oakland residence, cen-
trnl; $300 cash, balance $30 p;r month.
$1,500— Three acres, ten miles from Oakland:
rew cottage; family orchard and build-
ings; $5ftO cash, 1300 per annum.
$2,OC0 — Two choice Alameda lets; no cash pay-
ment if purchaser will improve.
Choice San Jose lot and cash for city re3i-
dence.
Five acres Menlo Park: make offer: your
own terms. W. O. GRIFFITH.
311-312 Hearst Building.
DILLON'S BEACH fc sale: finest summer re-
sort property on Pacific Coast: including cot-
tages and hotel. 900-aere ranch, horses, cattle,
farming utensils: well watered. GEO. DIL-
LON, Tomales, Marin County, Cal.
PRINTED list; farm3 and Hty property ex-
changed and sold. M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale In Colusa Co. :
1240 acres; $10 an acre: 500 grain, rest In hih
land. M. S. CHANDON. Marysville. Cal.
MARIN Co.. 16 miles from S. F.— $40 to $S0 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good school?. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
FOR sale — A beautiful country home of 10 acres
garden land, with nice orchard, new house. S
rocirs. furniture, barn, windmill, tankhouse.
farming implements: only 2% miles from Pet-
aluma and S minutes' walk from R. R. sta-
tion: price $3000; this place must be seen t_>
. be appreciated.
W acres adjoining, all garden land, with
orchard and barn; price $2500; will sell as a
whole or subdivide: will take part mortgage.
For 1 particulars Inquire of H. F. SURHOFF.
200 Fourth st. No agents.
GLEN ELLEN— Grape and fruit land: 160 acres
timber and water equity $2000: what have you
for it? Must sell, so speak quick. HENLEY.
11 Montgomery st.
TO LEASE— Satrer ranch. San Pablo Creek.
Contra Costa County: 1150 acres: 2i0 acres
grain land; well watered: railroad facilities.
In r"T-on to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
RKAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
KW. cor. In Berkeley, 120x114:6; fine marine
view: for a residence in S. F. : will pay $2000
or $23CO difference. T., box 3233. Call offlce.
.ALAMEDA - APYERTKEMENTS ;
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3T«0 WILL buy new house of 8 rooms; choice;
50-foot let; open for Inspection until sold.
1323 Regent St.. or see owner 1243 Park st.
iijKEliY" ADVERTISEMENTS
UEItKELEY KCAL ESTATE.
HERE*IS~A CHANCE!!!
A lovely laige 6-room house; lot 100x135;
street Improved: near train, electric cars and
only 10 minutes' walk to college; for sale, or
will trade for small ranch near by. or will
rent; will also exchange occupancy of houses
for ranch for 1 year or more. O. G. MAY
& CO. - .
$800->NE AT cottage of 5 rooms; good size lot;
splendid well of water, windmill and tank;
; worth $1500. O. G. MAY & CO., Berkeley.
$0000— LOVELY new , modern house of 8 rooms
In the Scenic Park, adjoining university
grounds: large corner, lot; streets Improved-
•.; owner gone East. O. G. MAY & CO.
$2000— JUST completed: pretty 2-story house,
IncludinB all furniture, of new and pretty de-
algns. O. O. MAY & CO.
BERKELEY. V ,-..--:
;•.' Safe Investment for $7500; block of land favor-
¦ ably located near coming Santa Fe Railroad.
'Particulars CH AS. 1 "WILLMOTT. 916 ilarket
; st..;S. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL KSTATE.
|_300-J500 CASH «•
BALANCE IN MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Ne— ' 6-room house; modern In. every respact J
bath, pantry and patent closet: Kan and eleo»
trie lights; lot 50x135; cement sidewalk; cloas
to station, schools and stores; a very desir-
able horn* for some one: take Berkeley train,
get off at Lorln and lnc-lre for
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
J1J50—6-ROOM cottage near university; lot *>
xl33; a bargain; fruit trees and flowers.
Elegant lot; 73x130; one block of nnlversityj
only one left; must be sold. WURT3. Seven-
teenth and Broadway. m
GIRL with or without experience wanted to
work in book bindery. The MYSELL-ROL-
LIN3 CO., 22 Clay st.
C. C. BEMI3. Real Estate and General Laad
Agent. 224 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87_150l with modep-
hous» of 9 rooms. _
THE finest business corner In Berkeley!!!
50x100 ft.; one-story frame, facing 200- foot
street: C. P. depot In front and principal stop
or station of electric cars: same corner cai\ o«
leased for Cne income If properly Improved.
A. J. SNYDER & CO..
4S7 Ninth at..
Oakland. Cal.
$2250— JUST completed: cotiane house of S
rooms; modern In every respect; electric li«ht-
Ing; connected with (tas ar.d water mains:
frontinsr on Telegraph ave. and within t«T\
minutes' walk of the university: a iwfect
poem Apply to MASON & McLESATHES,
Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADYERTISEMEXTS
Fni'ITVALE HEAL, ESTATE.
for"sal1r~by il~X~pleitner.
J4.3O— Co.y cottage of 3 rooms; chicken hous*|
good well and pump; lot all fenced.
$SoO— Bay-window cottage of thre« larffl
rooms and bath : hall ; front and baclt porch,
basement, etc. ; only 3 blocks from local tralni
ea«y terms if desired.
$I00ft-Cotta*e of 4 rooms and hath; stationary
tubs; chicken houses; fruit trees; lot 33x104:
connected with main sewer; only one block:
from Fruitvale ave.
JllOo— Cottage of 4 rooms and hall: artesian
well, windmill and tank; lot 50x130; all fenced J
3 blocks from local train.
J110O— (Reduced from *liW will buy a nlc«
cottage of 5 moms and bath, basement, etc
jljfdV-Oood house of 4 rooms; hard finishes;
stable: five chicken houses. Incubator house,
two brooders, one incubator, 250 chickens; gocxl
well and force pump; lot lOOxlM; all fenced:
fine place for raising chickens.
$1250— Great bargain; 3 acres of fine -e<etaw<»
land: house of 5 rooms; stable; Rood well: only
2 blocks from electric cars; easy terms If da-
si red. _
$1600 — Modern 2-story house of S rooms and
bath: fine mantel, etc.; corner lot: near »t»-
tlon: must sell at once. For particulars a.?-
P Y H° A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cat
H. \V. DAVIS— RKAL ESTATE AND LOAN3.
rmo— A choice lot. RUN feet, covered with
choice fruit tree?: cheapest lot on FruStvala
ave: near local trains.
jtsto — House, lil rooms; corner lot. 14..X23D feetj
i hitrhly improved; a rreat baricaln.
Sirs an'! up— Lots all size- and prices Jn th«
I D*-eriPcr Tract: terms tr> suit you. II. V,'. DA-
I VtS. So!e Agent, Fruitvale ave., 1 block ironj
! stution. —
j PAYING chicken ranch. 8H acres: city -rater:
stock a-d imrlpment^; chea.^ rent. Call at
Blacksmith. Dimond P. P.. Alameda County.
POTTLTRY ran.-h. 3 acres: 4-room house: upper
Frr'tvale. Owner -1K7 E»«t Twenty-third st.
!()Al(ilN 7 ()l!)\'iTI$EMENT8.
! I FFiCE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKI.A>n HEAL. KSTATB. _
I
i J15.IMMV- FINEST -buy around San Francises^
i elesant suburban home of ten rooms: almost
! m w; lomplPte with all modern conveniences;
I ? acres or magnificent fniit and shrubberies:
! situated the b autlfal foothills between Berke.
I ley and Oakland; grounds level as a floor.
j -with a natural elevation: a superior horn*
proposition; a great sacrifice; ccst over $25,-»
CCO; investigate this at once.
LAYMANCE.
! SSS.noo A fine 3-story brick block: land alons
i almost worth the price: location absolutely un-
excelled; we assert this is the safest lnvejt-
, ment in Oakland real estate to-day. It's a
-corporation" sale. __v YMA?rc -_
ATTENTION. PROFESSIONAL MEN.
fzroo \ line two-story residence of 9 room*
In the choicest location on Telegrraph ave.; *
big bargain; inve_t>Kate_ -^-^^
$30Cft— Within S minutes' walk of Fourteenth
and Broadway, near Telegraph ave.; a fine,
modern 2-story house. 8 rooms, porcelain bath:
I almost new; choice central location; mortgage
and need cf money require Immediate sale.
LAYMANCE.
jsnrtt — 8 acres adjoining Fruitvale; well Im-
proved; full-bearing orchard: finest soil; good
house: windmill; good living for r!*ht party;
beautifully situated: bargain: town lots around
It; new electric road will treble value.
LAYMANCE.
$37,00— A splendid bargain: specially construct-
ed for a home: cost over *60©O; fln» corner:
medern: 3 years built: 2-story cottage, with 7
rcoms on first floor: inside stairways to finished
attic and basement; fine mantel: sas fixture*,
porcelain bath, two toilets: fine stable; Ian r«
corner lot. COxliO; covered wltb fruit and
shrubberies; location the best In central East
Oakland: local trains convenient; a bargain;
can borrow tZCW; if you require easy terms,
see this at once. !_*_____«-_.
J223O for corner lot. SCO feet from two Oak-,
land banks, for which $5000 was refused; pres-
ent price seems incredible; It's ?.n estate beta*
Sacrlflced - LAYMANCE.
$_0O cash over mortis."*— New colonial S-room
2-story house, never occupied: porcelain batn.
etc.: builder has mortgage of J25CO and must
sacrifice rather than rent: It's a bargain and *
ml-utes* walk from City Hall and narrow-
gauge trains: make offer. LATMAN - CE .
?•vx»—Out Telegraph ave.. 10 minutes' rtd«
of the City Hall, bay-window 2-story house, 7
rooms, bath, cement basement: fine stable: Im-
provements would cost nearly COW'; Insurance
J22C0; owner must sacrifice: Rood as new; terms
easy flat mortgage of JliCO can remain li
WanUd -' LATMAXCE.
JSOO— A sacrifice; neat 2-story house. 7 rooms,
bath stable; insurance 11100: lot 25x133: street
sewered and macadamised; near electric cars
and North Oakland local station; must sell
this week; owner goes East next week; see Im-
mediately; a snap. UTMANCE.
J23TO— A new 5-room-and-bath cottage; lot
33x123; only 6 months old; sunny side of street,
near Clinton station; a bargain; owner must
sell; mortgage J1200 _^ n _ remaln £ AYMAV( --_
SPECIAL EASY TERM BANK SALES.
$100 to $250 cash. 110 to CO monthly.
JUCO— Good as new; 5 rooms, bath; lot 40X
ICO; near Golden Gate Station, well located.
$2300 Piedmont: corner colonial. 7 rooms;
lovely home on car line, never occupied.
$_M0— Near Senator Perkins' mansion; new
colonial. 8 rooms, never occupied.
$S0O each— $100 cash. $10 monthly, two coxy
homes at Twenty-third-ave. station.
J1ST.0— Lot worth C5C0; beautiful Vernon
Heights; no finer Lit: cozy house; elegaat
shrubberies, superb location: a pick-up.
Call on us for genuine bargains.
LAYMANCE REAL FSTATE CO..
Offices and Salesroom. 460-452 Sth St.. Oakland.
J30C-»-lJxll0- ON north side Thirteenth, near
Center. BELDEN & COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth ft 3.
LESS than $13 per foct may buy it : make offer;
corr.tr' 130xllS- on Grove st. (the boulevard
cf Berkeley), near Dwight way; street work
d«-nc. DEI.DEJf & COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth gts. ____________________
$1>U>— SUNNY side Edwarda St.. near Telegraph
ave • cwo-stoiy. 8 rooms; new and up to date.
BELDEN & COOK, Washington and Four-
teenth sts^j
«*50<\— $23> DOWN, balance flat; two-story. «
rooms bath and sink, shade* and
ras fixtures: just finished: in Berkeley, near
I Dwight way station. BKLDEN & COOK.
I Washlr-gton and Fourteenth sts.
$1500— WEST side Center St.. near Tenth; C
rooms and bath: in first-class condition out-
lidelnd i in; lot 23x138. BELDEN & COOK.
Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$1U0— CAMPBELL st., near Fourteenth: 5
rcoms and b*th: has Just been thoroughly
renovated. BELDEN & COOK. Washington
and Fourteenth sts.
jUOO— BOARDING and lodging house for worfc-
Intrnen and railroad employes;38 rooms; clears
over $110 monthly free of all expenses In cash;
¦ this we guarantee positively. ALDEN CO..
1113 Broadway. Oakland. r
Tor Additional Classified Advertiss-
ments See Page 3S
V LOST A_VX> TOC-jri).
Jv?T-A passbook with Th» Hibernia BavtaM
and Loan _ Society cf San Franclneo In the
i.ar_e or C-BOIUH UANSEN. No, 48-m
.fat- r.r.-er will piea_e return to bank.
$:. REWamV Irfit black-and-whlt. half fcx
r'vSlSrfJ - !isw *" ntma Rowdy. Return
to JOHN MANNING. S27 Tehara. _t
L ?? : _^i 1 1 . 1^f ra ;* Bar - k book m name of KATE
_L. IvEA.V Return to 17.0 O'Farrell; reward.
Ij 2-^T~^ bUck 1>urs * containing money, on
~._ter front; reward. 1_J7 23th are.. Oakland.
LOST— Collection book. Return to 406 Pacific
s>. : reward.
MEDICAL.
}* Re - D^ES^"I_sl__^r7t^ReTn
able .a-ies ard gents' tpeclallBts; 32 years'
jiract.ee; have treated thousands of cases suc-
a positive cure guaranteed at of-
nce; ladles treated can return home the eame
t^"\ P I * OtIebr - t «<3 H1NDO HERB treat-
i 1 " f _ ctly harmless; home for confine.
.a«-..t. .v-et.,] nve ;. ct . rt 6t _ mpa for c i rcu i_-
"uflJ?^?^ lh * weI1 known --* re:s » bl «
«v_ « "peciailft; guaranteed treatment at of-
»»_I_ > *'tlve cure; home for patients be-
l°r\?, dur:n K eonflnement; skillful medical
__t5__° : csnsu!t -Hon tree ar.d ccnndential.
44b LC-y St.. bet. L*avenworth and Hyde.
"?5U__> __: O-nONNELL. the world-renowned
tl«li i : ""^ and """-Die: has prac-
ticed i a ta. n Francisco for years; treated thou.
Niads of ca*e« successfully ; treatment can b*
used at home; consultation Jree. After all
ctners fg.ll call en him. 1C23^ Market st.
DB&, GOODWIN, well-known ladies' epecialUts
£,*i'* i"- etl L rn * d frcm Kuro P*- «*'« -nd reliable';
cure i..; have treated thousands of cases with
S_S_5f". : a I m *f rraotW In S. F.; maternity
non-.e; lew fees. itfCT', Market St.. near Sixth.
K-\ ¦• RHEUMATISM
A 1 __*>¦_. !iv»r. _!i fciood diseases, cured by
>t a!r; cr.ly appaj-atus on Pacifle Coast-; lat-
_\_ Sf«f J5 are - scientific. Cell or write Hot
A.r We.! Co.. no Geary et.
A 6TIUCTLY private _r._ secluded residence.
tw&y .rom the public raze, for the treatment
f\> _UV*J;^J; or - nnem «' n t cases taker.. MRS.
TR. FINKE, 34:6 Eighth «t.. Alameda
U St, DR. WYETH. reliable *peciaJist; 25 yrs.' !
, racuce; ncrn* (a confinement; treatment at ;
c..,ce. Jj; «_ay ailment; conjugation free: con-
fr< 2 Post . t^ Hydg _ ad I>aTkl - ,
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dis- '<
ea^es cf ail kinds cured; h«rb» and tean: fam-
tanum . -I Sa~ramento.cor.Keam> -advice fr«-e.
_>R. POPPER, ladies' physician: call on physi-
cian with man's kncwUdge; treatment can be
used at home. a;s Keemy ¦_
SIRF. M. ALLEN, 1025 Market— Ladies' special- !
-et: home in confinement : saTe and reliable: j
cor.8u;tatlcn frf-*; hours 10 to I. !
DR. ana MRP. II. W EG ENER- Private home
In confinement. :;_! Golden Gate «v.
Es - WISK— The only genuine ladles' specialist
Offlre 111* Market tt.
DR. WONG HIM. h-rb doctor, treats ail _is-
tiftfpy of the hu-an bo^y. us Mason ct.
MISCELLAXEOIS — FOR SALC.
BOtUSRfi, enrine*. M-hand mTchiriPry! Me!
¦NTOSH & WOLPMAN. :PT,-li.T Fremont st.
PARS, back bars, mirrcrs, showcases, coun-
ters. Unoieum. store an, effice furniture and
nstures; new and eccor.d-hand: we alway*
have a large stock cf »a!oon outfits on han-i;
complete outfit* on our Boor, reac ¦• made
->e can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. ISO. 1021. ion M'.«ion St.. above
rartn; *vrite ior catalogue.
TOP. B-J-B— Cheap: fine old violin. br>w end
box; will take Msrh grra<Je j cng or hand cam-
ora ia trade. Call after 6 p. m. at ?ZT Valen-
cia Ft.
OIL v.-e!! tools; light set Standard tools; 24
inch etrrr.. -Kith 3a-s>. ar.d bcller and enrlne: !
WOOL MELVIN TAYLOK. BM Brush et. Oa_-
iend.
BREEDERS— 100 Hunts ar.d Homers, JSO.
Box _fll. Call cfrice. Oakland.
<&- -OLI»-MASTER violin with bow and b"x for
JIT; 1? a barsa'.n at double that price. UNCLE
HAJUUB, i: Grant _ve.
FOK sc!«— Fine talking rarrc-t: barg-'.n ; sinps. I
«___Ue*. etc.; party g-oir-s liast. ZZ71 Seven-
teenth et.
JCEW IVt-te drop h*ad eewSnjj machine; com- !
p'fto; ohfap. _HS Mission St., near Fifteenth, j
SO II. V. GASOLINE "launch. 36 feet~TornT- !
t-cbeapL __w UROWN. 100 Front et. ¦--¦•¦
FOR BALE- Fine antlcue mahogany Jurnl-
t.re at 2>'7 Polk Ft.
riT..Nm"RE-A IsC d cld-etyle i_aJio__ny at
Zli Flitii tt.
POH fi_:e~Hcj*e of 1300 lbs.; $43. 4ZC Twenty-
c_n_ 5t.
F"OK talp-Sew black Astrachan cape, cheap, j
Bo- i:-C5, Call offlce. I
A— BUY?, fells or rents pear machinery, er.-
Et-es, boikrs. water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
otc. WHITKLAW. .is Spe_r ft.
A— 108 II. P. «ccinf. boiler, two drill, air com- j
- pree-cr. JABDIXE. £28 Fremont st.
A— 53 if- DEP.BY and F«3ora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
t:lar I'rice Hatv-rs. 330 Kearny Ft., near Pine.
A «<X>_> talking parrot; cheap. 1S41 Stockton i
Ftroet.
GROCHKTMEN. attention— Large fixtures for
¦ale cheap at S53 Howard Et.
JP-HAKD photoarraphic an3 mairie lantern out-
f.ts l-oi'jrht. ¦ -I.*., txchansred. V.i Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks fcale and flre and burglar
;.roof safe. JiC «"a!i!ornia rt.
S-LTJ m«?cl T rail for Kale cheap. BURXSTIXi:
BBOS- res Etraaxag st.
F3P.ST-CLAS? sec&r.d-hand modern er.Kir.es aM
boUera b»u_ht and sold. KROGH Mfir. Co.
_L*-HANJJ jrasollne and steam ens-;n*>s. lathes.
nr.; general machine work. 127 Keale et.
ir>-HANI) tngi'ies. boilers, dynamos, moton.
'w .' nd famine eng. H. S. White. Mission.
;Tv FINK PUit». T10: dr^ss pants, J2 73. MISFIT
clothing parlous. 437 Montgomery et.
TVPEWRITCn. No. 2 Fmith Premier: irA*
rtPOflel: cbeap^. Tjp^writpr nxrha-jre. 4C3 Cal.
EDQ5O3I rencert ph'snoeraph— V.^Zur^d price.
J7C; con<-rrt records, fl 50. Hacijralupi, jZZ Mkt.
I'ORTAIJLE cr.pinps. filers: iron and wood
planers: lathe*: J.i-han<5. J. Burke. 129 Beale.
SD-IIANIi fireproof pafe: 1 flre and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-hand; moving
picture*. BfLLAIil> & LRECK. 131 Pest et.
EAFRS-N»w »n_ second -hand. THE HEU-
MAiCIg FAFE CO.. 4IT-4_3 Sacramento st.
OFKS-NVw er.d wr*>r.d-hami ; all size*. THE
WALTZ PAFK. 10S-111 Market gt.. San Fran
MISCKLLAXKOCS \VA.\TS.
A BBCOX1VHAJCD 4 EL P. boiler, complete. In
(rrKvi *-r,n«Jition. Inquire or I. H. BURTON,
<4 Main et.
T\"ANTKP— Hinall farr.ily refrigerator; state
rrt'-e. liox 1S10. Call ofnre.
SKALSKINP are what we pay hi^ pnc*a fnr.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Ptockton «.
IF m wish full value for your ca>t-off tlothlnt;
rail r.n R rOHEK. V>~ Third: tel. Black <I23.
UOXEY TO LO.i.\.
ANY cracunt at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d m^rt-
frappe, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
late- mortrar^F find lepacies boiiRht: no .le-
laj ¦ V p t ray t-?rmis l>efore d-jirB business eise-
irfccre. H. McCOLGAX. 14 Montgomery, r s.
a:.V proposttioti. any amount; « per cent; Dhrt,
ffcond mort^r_BPs, estates In probate, interest
In cFtates. I^srf-Cj'-J". corporation loans, chattel
m.«-i«racci-. life insurance. Rf^.m 16. *!"t fl >or.
Chronicle bids. HALLORAN & OLSEN
_/l IGHLV rw-pectable pri\-ate place to obtain
m .ibera! advances on diamonds. Jewelry at !<..w-
W, 'tt ratfe. lial.win Jewelry Store. R4« Market
• yt.; tPl. Mam 1»"44. Branch If Third st.
ON furniture er.d pan's without removal: quick
f-«r-. ice: money <iir^cl- lowest IrtcreKt. Rooms
CS arrt C*, Donubom bulldinK;. 1170 Market «t.
ON" real estate. 1st and tnd mortKapei an1 on
furniture tr pi.anos: no remoxal: any omiiunt:
lo-tfgt rste. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
iiOST reliable iilace to borrow on dlarr-md*.
waiche*. -J-wplty. W. J. HKSTHAL. 10 B'ctbJ
hSpheft nrli-- for oid gold, sliver, diamond*.
LOANS
SALARIES Mid FURNITURE
O. H. HARyHPAUGCT. 32? Elllg. roo.Ti *.4.
AT I'X K~arry si., mom 9. refpertable private
I'larc to lwrrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elt-vator. Telephone Davis 933.
P06.C0I 1 at 6 p*t cent In -urns to «ult in city: ais^
flJO.WO larr" ranches; also en Fec.ind rrcr:-
W c<k. 1». J MERC-Jt & SON. 412 Pir.e t-t.
y^TY amount by private party on furniture and
piano*: no runovil; low ratei«: cnnfldential.
BOyEHJ. 30! Jones rt.. corner K.Jy.
MONEY loaned; rersonc! security; 1*4 percent;
private i»arty. Jloom .3. 7th floor. Mills bide.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential- on diamonds, *-tc. 33 Taylor «t. \
I — — 1
ilOVEY to loan c.n furniture, pianos, flx'-ires;
low rales; cenfid. Rm. VS. Winchester Hrtel.
>NY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent: no removn!: no com. Koom ft, t F-ddy.
5_55S5?h5 €20 Market _t.. solves all kinds o?
y nnc-ml prchlemt: 2d mortgagcu. e-:Ute». etc.
"fo *aiari»-d people without «ecurlty; all busi-
ness coKfidt-ntlal. Tousley Co.. S21 Tarrott big.
ON furniture, p'ano*: 3 per cent per month; no
commission, Mrs. Wilson, rra. 101. 6 Eddy «t.
ANY turn. 1st or 2d mcrtrapes, estates !n pro-
bate, chattels, etc. It. CCS, Examiner _ui! Jing.
MOIWBY TO LOAJT.
CASH loaned to w.laritfl p«opl» on not* without
lndorttr. MORRELL. 609 fi-«mt-«r building.
ON fumitur*. piano*, without removal; no com-
miitlon; prWtu. LICK. IU MoAHUfr Bt.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
B. F. Dlieount Agency. US Phalan building.
MONEY AVAXTED.
LOAN of $3000 wanted for five years at $ per
cent: good real estate security. Apply to C
1).. 2061 Pacific ave.. Alameda; If personally,
between 6 and 8 p. m. •
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers cf pianos at SHERMAN. CLAT
& CO/S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time within threa year»
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights JO cash, $6 per month; some
good pianos for $3. Jl and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Keamy and Sutt«r sts..
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thlr-
u-enth st. Oakland.
AS usual we offer eome fine bargains.
One Kteck Upright, walnut case; like new.
One Weber Upright: walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright; in fine order.
: On* Sterling Upright: mahogany case.
One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtai Upright; cak case; excellent.
Prices from $135 up; $5 per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell st.
FINE Baby Grand Decker & Son at a very low
price for a few days only: good as new.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL Arlington or Marcellus mahog-
any upright can be had to-day; don't buy un-
til you see them. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
THE Olympia Interchangeable disk music box
Is the greatest Invention of the age; they
play 15 tunes in Fucceesion; prices are very
reasonable. MAUVAIS. 7C9 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the olJeet and largest house
west of Chicaco Is KOHLER & CHASE" S.
_1 IS and 20 OFarrell Et.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices- terms easy: prices lowest; every-
j thing possible done to please and satisfy the
i customer.
j RF.MOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to £33 Market bet tth and 6th. next
1 Hale liros. & will continue reduction sale ror
j 2 weekn; open ev'ngs; call and get low prices.
i VIOLIN strin-s; never wet; best In the world;
making and repairlnr of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary St.
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storage;
at your own price; also Spencer's retired
etock. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st
A FEW bargains; beautiful upright piano. $100;
Installments or cash: a fine Chase Bros.
DEWING & CO.. Flood building
MOVING soon; will sell new piano cheap cash;
3 days only. E15 Van Ness ave.
$70; FINE large upright: also folding bed; must
sell: 11 to 3. 8S43 Eighteenth st.
$150— ELEGANT large 2-nedal upright, or rent
for Ti SO month. 342 Kt-arny st.
SPECIAL sale— Uprights J75 up; Installments $5
up; rents ?2 up. HEINE. 136 EUIb Bt
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 214 Post st;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabier. Hamil-
ton pianos. 3CS Poet st. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment $S
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. o\4 ani new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos: $5 payments;
t*r rent. ?2 up. BRirENN. Ml Pn«t rt.
i MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
1 VOCAL lessons wanted in exchange for board.
I Address box 160?, Call office.
, GOOD piano teacher like few more pupils: 25c
a l«F*on. r.SO O'Farrell st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET. T
OFFICE to rent: 3 fine, light front rooms or.
; Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel: rent JSO
per month. AddresB DR. PIERCE & SON.
620 Market Bt.
OFFICES to let on Market st. Inquire at No. j
3 Ed<iy Bt.. National Real Estate Exchange. I
MODERNLY fitted of3ce» changed to suit ten- I
ant; reasonable rent. 410 Kearny *t
FOR rent— Elepant offices and rooms In Y. M.
C. A. Mdg. : all modern imps.: rent very low.
TO rent— Medern store: well lighted; 25x140;
rent rea«onahl». S2S Hayes st
PALMISTIIV.
MME. Neergaard. Pr*>s. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to >. 616 Geary, nr. Jonet.
PERSOXALS.
REFINED gentleman, good habits and means,
asrtd 2S, desires to meet refined lady (brunette
preferred) with . means; object, matrimony.
Box 010. Call
A GENTLEMAN wishes to correspond with a
lady: object matrimony. Box 2930, Call.
; G. It. M. WOULD like to hear from R, G. M. ;
; Write at once.
' THERE is but one hairdresser: Lederer dresses
j yc-ur hair in the very latest modes for only
2oc. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
HEALTHY blonde boy baby for adoption.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
i LEDERER' S Qulntonlca hair tonic will make
; your hair perfectly beautiful; 35c bot.; try it.
; auk you bald
i ARE YOU GRAY
IS- HAIR FALLING
Enclose stamp for guaranteed cure to MR!?.
E. R. DUNLAP, St. Ann's bulldlns, 6 Eddy
et. E. F.
LADIES — You can have a beautiful form by
using Voluptia: price for thirty days, $1;
prepared by Madame Parrlsh, 1 Fifth st.
room SO; results cuarantecd ; mail orders so-
llciud.
LEDERER Foamo Shampoo Is perfect: can use
at home: Sc pkg. 123 Stockton st.
I RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
| chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
j rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
HAIR grower's restorers, pomades, tonic*,
FinReine. tcalp treatments didn't help. DR.
KUESTER, 1152 Franklin. Oakland, cures;
established 1^£6; details stamp.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1SS7; reliable and con-
fidential; lists, 10c. Mrs. Hertz. VC6 Ellis Bt
GEO ALLEN, formerly working at 221 Perry
st. Send address to 71S Mission ft.
WIDOWER. 40 years of age. desires acquaint-
ance of a lady; object etrlctly matrimony.
Box 32S8. Call offlce.
MME. ADA. 34 Kearny. 47 Post, offlce 10-11; ir
Pick, suffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gifted healer; she will cure you.
INSTITUTE of Science; su.Kestlve therapeu-
tics; mscnetlc healing; personal magnetism:
hpT_o_U__, Prof. Fisher, instructor, S17 Masn.
PILES-3C0 permanent cures in San Francisco
who can be peen: no operation; no pain; par-
tiulcars feat: Ad. Phyelclan. box 1050. Call.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO., . ~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pJllowg made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
teed: prices defy competition: fine upholstery;
» hone r.309; factory. SIS and 320 Eleventh St.;
first-riaF-i cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter St..
Far Francisco.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 50 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio.
tbtt Market st.. cor. Stockton: kodaks. 3>^x3>4.
only 2.V-; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons 'Riven, 60c each.
nLEiTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
?5c to $1 50 p«r night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
Jl R v.pek. LEON I.EMOS. 1117 Market St..
y>t>t--«»n Seventh and Eighth.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by us'ng Tal-
cotfs curling fluid: 2T<c bottle; drugslits.
DR. K. C. MERVY has taken new offleejTat
; I.-.05 Stockton et.
i LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing boueht &
i sold. Pilverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 11S1.
WANTED— Old-fnsMnned silver, brass, copper
ware; curio*, ail 62$ Dupont st
SUITS to crder on easy payment*. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDr'MS Egyptlnn Henna restores gray
hair to ft* natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold Jird silver bought;
Fend j>ostal. COLEMAN'S 6C6 s Kearny st.
CHBAPKST and be«t In America— The Weekly
Call. II nasres, sent to any address in the
United £tate« or CnnnA* nn» year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AMI SCRCECj.. ¦.
DR. CRANSTON, the rreat specialist, haVri-
Funi"d practice at 120S Market *t, .corner
Taylor: offices 25 and 26; take elevator.
CHRONIC, other dlvsases of men. women; cures
guaranteed. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny.
DR. C. C. O"DONN ELL— Office and residence,
1C21V4 Market st. "bet. Sixth and Seventh. IB »
~™ "property wanted.
SOME one who will build a modern hous« of
ten or twelve rooms: location between: Cali-
fornia and Broadway, - Gough and Central
ave.; will, take long lease and pay good rent.
Box 1S&6. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, EXiDREDGE St CO.,
63S Market Street.
SNAP* BARGAIN.
/ $500 CASH— MISSION FLATS— $500 CASH.
- Balance as rent; Interest « per cent: I
sunny modern flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; porcelain bath, tile mantel, etc;
on Twenty-fifth st. ' •
PAYS OVER 25 PER CENT
AFTER TAXES PAID.
$2,000 cash; Franklin st, near Hayen; S
flats and stable on lot 25x107:6 leet;
rents $S10 per annum; all rented.
BUSH-STREET RESIDENCE.
$5,500— Elegant modern residence of 8 rooms
and bath and finished basement: porce-
lain tubs, tile mantels: beautiful and
modern in every respect; sunny side
of street.
PAYS OVER 17 PER CENT.
$11,000— On Stockton St., near Pine; 11 flats and
house: all first-class condition; 4 front-
ages; rents $160 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$10,E0O— Rents $1052 per annum: 3 modern flats
of 7, 8, S rooms and bath; lot 25:11x120
feet to rear street.
$7.500 — Rents $S05 per annum; S new modern
flats of 5 rooms and bath; tile mantels,
frescoed dome ceilings, etc.; Ashbury
Bt, near panhandle. ¦
$G,750 — Rents $600 per annum; MAKE OFFER:
Grove st, near Lyon; 3 modern-flats of
6, 6, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:8 feet.
CHEAP LOTS
$300— Reduced from $1250; 3 elegant level lots;
Wtunien street; cars pass; Mission warm
belt
$350 — Elegant level lots; Octavla and Laguna
Bts. ; make offer.
$200 each; near Point Lobos ave.; 2 fine
level lots.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market at
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION .
TUESDAY AUGUST a, 1900
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 633 MARKET 8T.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS.
Southeast corner. No. 124-124% Fillmore and
Waller sts.; 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
rents $31 per month; lot 24x51:3 feet.
NOB HILL RESIDENCE.
"West side. No. 1217 Jones s_. near Clay; resi-
dence 9 rooms and bath; rents $50 per month;
lot 27:6x127:6 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT.
North side Guerrero St., 243:11 feet west of
Guerrero; lot 40x100 feet.
DOWNTOWN FLATS.
East side. No. 1308 Larkin St., near Pine; 8
flats of 6. 5. 3 rooms and bath; rents $70 per
month; lot 25x87:6 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER.
Southeast corner Washington and Lyon eta. ;
lot 31:3x104:6 feet. FORCED SALE.
OCTAVIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
West side. No. 305 Octavla- St., near Oak;
residence 12 rooms and bath; rents $30 per
month. " %
NATOMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
South side. No. 441-443 NRtoma st. near Sixth:
C flats of 4 rooms and 4 flats of 2 rooms; rents
%To per month; lot 37:6xS0 feet.
> MISSION FLATS.
South side, No. 65 Henry St.. near Noe; 3 flats
of 4 rooms and stable; rents $30 per month; lot
25x115 feet
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
South side Fourteenth st, 175 east of San-
chez; lot 25x125 feet.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD.
North side Russia ave., 25 feet east of Lon-
don st; lot EOxlOO feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE &-CO..
63S Market st.
LYON & HOAG.
J6PO0; rent $60; excel-
lent investment on
O'Farrcll et. not far
from Buchanan; flats
lot has double front-
a g e ; improvements
rood; this is a bargain.
$18,000: rent $140; offer
wanted; splendid In-
vestment; Brand Im-
provements; large store
and flat3 above: on
« , lister St., not far from
town; laree corner lot.
Jnckson rt.. near Bu-
L; old improvements; '
worth more money;
¦ bound to _dv_nce. j
i $3750 — A grand opportu-
ket-Ft. lot; n fortune
$2<S,000: pays 7 per cent
net: within 2 blocks of
Taylor and Turk sts. ;
handsome new 4-Etory
Improvements; always
rented; only 2 tenants;
best paying property in
the best investment-
portion of the city; you
can't do better with
LYON &
HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
ONLY two left— $150 each, $5 monthly; level
building lots, near Crescent ave. and Mis-
sion st.
$250 — Lot graded and sewered, near Mission
and Thirtieth sts.; $5 monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
$o MONTHLY............... ...$5 MONTHLY
SKifl and upwnrrt; fine building lots; 1 block
from Twenty-second-st. cars; lots 25x114 each.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
ONLY $S a month, without Interest, buys a fine
4-room and bath cottage and 2 lots, near
Fruitvale; it is a bargain.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
NOTHING CAN TAKE ITS PLACE.
You can't Ret a home by paying rent any
more than the landlord will present you with
one.
The man who flatters hlrcs?lf that he 13
"saving" money by paying rent forgets that
while he In indulging In this delusion he Is
depriving his family of a home.
The same rent money that you now throw
away every month, enriching the landlord, can
Just as easily buy you a home, and once paid'
for ends ail monthly payments.
60 lots to choose from on Douglass, Hoffman
and Twenty-third «ts. Every lot graded and
street work done. - . • ¦ ¦
We will buIM on any of these lots a home
to suit you and you can pay for it monthly.
2 OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poet st.
— - j ;2 . 0 . — -——.-_-
Business corner on California St.; 32:6x100 it.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st,
Opposite Nevada Bank.
$20,<H)0— Mission st. Just east of Sixth; lot 45x
SO,- with 2 houses cf 10 rooms each: , will p»y
big rent If raised and stores arranged in them
J20CO— Paying $19 rent per month; a 2-flat bay-
window houee, 4 rooms on each flat; lot 23x80.
$10.000— Rent $120 per month: a splendid cornar
property; always rented; large lot. ¦
J30C0— Rent $32; a double flat in the front
house and a cottage in the rear; south of Mar-
ket Bt- ¦ ¦ ¦ :"" " ¦¦ ¦
J27OP— A one-story bay- window and basement;
5 ror.ir.s and bnth: basement floored ready for 5
more rooms: let 23x114: -five doors from car line.
J33C0— A splendid pick up; rent $3S0 per an-
num; s*ore and flats a - pick-up. ,
SSOCO— Rent J7S0 per annum; on Fillmore st; 4
fine flats: lot 50x80. -
J4QC0- Credit sale; only $10C0 cash; a fine Pan-
handle property; nearly new house and lot
25x 1 10. -.. "--¦ ¦' . . " ; '¦ . . ¦-" : '- ' .
$1300 EACH; worth $16C0: 50x125: on Dolores et.,
near Twenty-fourth: It must be Fold at once.
$5CC0--BelnK foreclosed by the bank, these two
flats and two-story on Sutter, near Baker, can
be bought at a bargain: make us an offer. ;.
$3CQ — Corner, 2. r .0xl('O. . on San Jcae ave., op-
posite new powerhouse; for electric • road ; will
pay big Interest if Improved; the cheapest prop-
erty In the neighborhood.
$lC0>caah, balance same as rent, for • a . nice
home; new building: call for particulars. •
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
S " H- S 207 MONTGOMERY STREET.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
jCOCO— 3 medefn flats, nr. Sutter and Jones sts.;
rfrits $672 rer annum. . ...
$5C0C— New flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$38 per month: lot 27:6x140; 13th st, nr. Church.
* $1160— Must be = sold ; i 60x114 ; 22d St., nr. Do-
lores; mortgage of $S00 can remain.
$?E0— 26x114; 28th St., "nr. Guerrero.
$600— 25x114; '22d ! st.', nr. Dolores; part cash.'
$450— To close an estate: 25x110; Banches «t,
nr. 18th; part cash. :""¦¦ ; ' ¦•--;¦¦
S. H. BMITH & CO.. ¦
207 Montgomery «t.-OCEAN STEA1USKS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aus 11— Stmr Etruxla,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Augr 11— Stmr Graf Waldersee, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr
Aller, for Southampton; stmr Marquette, for
London; stmr Maasdam. for Rotterdam, via
Boulogne: stmr Campania, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Aue 11— Stmr Grosser
Kurfumt. from New York, for Bremen.
BOSTON— Sailed Aujj U— Stmr Ultonl*. for
Liverpool, via Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL!— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Assyrian,
for Glaj;ow.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Sarraatlan,
from Montreal.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Aug 10-Br bark
Colllnrrov*, from Eureka.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived— Br bark Lynton, hnc
April 5.
ST NAZAIRE- Arrived Aus 9— Br ship Ba
moena, hence March 25.
CALETA BUENA — Sailed June 25— Bark
Coalinga. for Fan Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Aug 10— Br stmr Aor
ancrl. from Sydney. *
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 11— Dutch stmr Wll
helmlna. from Yokohama; ship Louisiana, from
Honolulu; Br ship Llndfleld. from Santa Rosa
lia: ship Glory of the Seas, hence July 26. for
Comox.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Auk 10— Bark
Nuuanu, from Kahului.
-HONOLULU-Arrived July 2*-Schr Fannie I
Adele. from San Diego. July 27_Br ship City
of Hankow, from Newcastle, Aus. July 2S—
Ship E"B Sutton, hence July 14. July 22— Ger
war Etmr Geler. from Acapulco. July 30 Shin
Iroquoi-j. from Seattle: Nor stmr Eidsvold
from Kobe. July 31— Schr XV H Talbol, from
Newcastle. Aus. Aug l— Br stmr Coptic, hence
July 28; Br ship Halewood. from Newcastle.
Aus: schr Maweema. from New Whatcom; hktn
Planter, hence July 12. Aug 3— Bark Sea King.
from Newcastle. Aus; Br bark Woollahra. from
Newcastle, Aus; bark Empire, from Newcastle.
Aus.
Sailed July 26— Ital ship Elise. for Puget
Sound: bark Olympic, for San Francisco. July
27— Schr Azalea, for Puget Sound; stmr Cali
fornlan. for Manila. July 2S— Ship C F Sar
gent, for Puget Sound: schr Inca, for Puget
Sound: schr Mary E Foster, for San Francisco;
r.ark LMamond Head, for San Francisco. July
23— Bktn W H Dimond, for Saa Francl3co; schi
Balnbridge. for Puget Sound: schr Luzon, for
Puget Sound. July 31— Ship Star of Italy, for
Puget Sound: bktn Geo C Perkins, for Mahu
kona. July 30— Ger war stmr Geler. for China;
bark Ceylon, for Laysan Island. Aug 1 — Bktn
Kllkltat. for Puget Sound. Aug 2— Bktn Irm
gard, for San Francisco; bktn Skaglt. for Pu
get Sound: Br stmr Coptic, for Yokohama. Aug
3 — Schr Rosamond, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Aus 11— Nor bark Passe
partout, from Fort Townsend.
FORT ROSS-Sailed Aug 11-Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 11— Ger
bark Sollde, from Honolulu: schr Maria E
Smith, from Honolulu.
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 11-Stmr Eureia. for
San Francisco : stmr Panadena. for San Pedro;
schr Jessie Minor, for Kallua.
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 14— Stmr Colombia, for
San Francisco; stmr Del Norte. for San, Fran
cisco, via Coos Bay and Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 11-Stmr Alliance,
from Nome (will return to Port Townsend for
Inspection); Br ship Cabul. Aue 10— Stmr Cot
tage City, from Dyea-
Salled Aug 10, 9 p m— Stmr Mackinaw, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W II Brewer, S Mateo
B Crowell. Ohio
K de Montjoye. Egypt
J D Armons. Ontario
J H Craig, Pa
f. J Reed, Portland
C C Boylan, N Y
H A Goldsmith, N Y
J Tyson. Boston
H M Richards, N Y
N M Meek. Denver
J H Chauntor. Cal
K M Brown, Fresno
G F King. N Y
Mrs C C Stoddard. NY
E S Rowley, Los Ang
F S Ewins. Los Ang
C Nuttor, Coronado
0 C Palmer, NY
Miss M Berkey, Minn
G W Simpson, Canada
Mrs Simpson, Canada i
K Rothschild. Ohio
1 L Griswold, St Louis)
Mrs Griswold, St Loutrv
Miss N Griswold, St L :
J E Baker, f, Wash
W 8 Hughes, U S N
Mrs XV. S Hughes, USN
A H Sabin. NY- •
Mrs H M Swazey, N Y
XV L Wolf, NY
C F Schram, NT
li Manning, Arizona
Mrs Manning. Arizona
G B Ellis. Redlands
E R Eldridge. Sit Lake
(' F Davis. Bloomlngtn
C S Ettinger, NY
FA Kenny,, Portland
Dr B Felthman, Cal
Mrs W T Small, Cal
W J Small. Cal
i: Rosa, Chicago
J B Snow, Chicago
W Wood. Chicago
F Simpson, w, s. Ch«;o
H Hammond, Chicago
J Hammond, Chicago
B Murrie. Chicago
R M Howard, Chicago
E M Curtis. NY
J Smith. New Tork
W H Banks. Cleveland
T F Graham, Sn Jose
C J Donnelly, N T
Mrs XV p Hammon.Cal
V G O'Kane, S Mateo
J * Peters, Stockton
E O Miller, Vlsalla
O M Avery, Chicago
E R Fogg, Nebr
F P Bennet&w, Boston
H L Morris &. w, N Y
Miss E Morris. N Y
T S Morris. N Y
D Goldstein. Spokane
C Silent. Los Angeles
Chas Silent. L Angeles
Chester Silent. Los A
T W Hersey&w, 8 Jose
Mrs J D Redding. Cal
Miss Redding. SanJose
J Bullfant. N Y
Mrs P B Frazer, Stktn
M L Hanline, Baltlmre
P S Rider, Duranso
D Hache. Oxnard
A H McKee, L Angeles
H Johnson, L Angeles
L Isaacs, Los Angeles
M F Gaskain, London
L von Rosenbergr. N Y
C Ross. Boston
J Moore. N Y
S M Dickinson. China
R Lindsay, China
K Sopper. London
F H O Carter, N Y
C E Brown, SSGaellc
W Toritch. Russia
G S Simon, N Y
O Preston. New York
A C Winsor. China
Count des Garets, Paris
J E B Kennedy, Phlla
GRAND HOTEL.
> XV Stewart, Los Ang
ft' S Baker, San Diego
Urs L Webb & 2 ch;
San DleBO
Mrs B Ocpenden. Freo
f| C • Sargent, Cal
Miss Cowplicy, L Ang
3 F Dacgett. Sonora
W W Saunders, Cal
L Darnell. Los Gatos .
'J H Thomas. Fresno
t XV Tomltnson, Denver
Ethel Bird, Chicago
5 D'Brieze, Feona
2 M Fernald. St Paul
I T Clapp, Chicago
r J W Wl Ills, •; Los Ang
\V J Blue. Los Ans
K J Lampton, Los Ang
A'Leve Sz eon, S Diego
li A Klein. Fresno
U R-Hlll, Saeinaw
A. W Hearverick, Sapri
- naw -- -. .- : -
I J Stephens & w, Cal
0 J Murphy, Syracuse
W J Stevens, Los Ang
M KreMler, • Tacoma
H A Sherrlll, Nome
M E Dailey. San Jose
G C Hayes & w. Stkton
W J Powell, U S N
Miss O D Stephens. Cal
M Stephens, Woodland
S Stephens. "Woodland
E S Hawk. Sacto
Q M Churchill. Cal
U C Bell, w & dau, Cal
JJ Smith. Salt Lake
|I XV Bowen..Los Anp
rt W Rockwell, Auburn
W Flausburgh. St Paul
lira G G Brooks, Colus
Miss MB. Brooks, Cal
I J Brooks, Colusa
S D Phillips, Ind
!R Cox, Tuttletown
W\-D Buckley & w, Cal
R J Dubois, Paris
I H McLeod, Stockton
Mrs M Ward. Shanghai
Charles Duff. Korea
A Harris, Santa Rosa
A V Johnson, Capay
Jaa Neddie, Sacto
Miss ASHopkins, Sacto
iWill Hopkins. Sacto
B Berehorn, Moscow
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J J Trompeter. ; f , Ariz
H : Costan. . Los Angr
Mrs Crstan," Lob Any , ¦
DM la Moore,' Ptld
J Klein, Merced
J J Malone. Ill:
J ' Roche, Haywards
J • Brown, * Stockton :
M Bertuccl. San Jose .
Mrs Bertucci, - S Jose ;
F C Thompaon, S Joee
J. L Wedeklnd. Reno
W R McConnell, Cal
P H Smith, Oakdale
C O Bundy, Minn
E ¦ M • Flechmen. Texas
H Huff. Bouldin
Mrs Huff. Bouldin
A B Willis, Denver
M F Perry, f. Boston
Mrs J Hampton. 8 Jose
Mis« B O'Brien. S Jose
J Kelley, Martinez .
N G Bers-holt, Seattle
J Frederlckaon, f , Cal
Ernest Wollert (executor of estate of Joseph
Shoop) to James Curry, lot on W line of Ma
fconio avenue, 150 S of Point Lobos, S 25 by W
144:7; $1200. .
Same to Alb»rt and Minnie Hulsman. lot on
W line of Masonic avenue, 175 S of Point Lobos,
S 23 by W 144:7; J150O.
Adolfo tie Urioste to Jorge de Urioste, lot on
N line o£ Oak street, 82:6 E of Gough, E 27:6,
N 120. W 35, S 25. E 7:6. S 95; $10.
Joseph F. and LUlie E. Grennan to John A.
Grennan. let en N line of Fell street, 55 E of
Octavia, E 55 by N 120; $10.
James J. Corbett to Esther Corbett. lot on
N line of Hayes street, 155 W of Octavia, W
tO by N 120; $10.
Louis and Jennie . Frledlander to Mary A.
Athearn, lot on S line of Turk street, 137:6 W
of Laguna, W 25:3 by S 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
P. Koss, lot on S line of Turk street. 65 W of
Pierce, W 27:6 by 8,95; $ .
Same to John Elliott, lot on N line of Cali
fornia street, 111:10 E of Devlsadero, E 38:2 by
N 137:6; $-^— .
John II. M. Buntman to Kate M. Buneman,
lot on N line of Page street, 107:6 W of Devls
adero, W 30 by N 97:6; gift.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Robert S. Mar
tin, lot on S line of Page street. 87:6 W of
Ashbury, S 87:6, thence W 25 by S 25; $10.
Arthur and Lizzie Logan to William Htnkel,
lot on E line of Clayton street. 253:9 N of Fred
erick, N 25 by E 106; $100.
Edward Calligan to Lenore Calllgan (wife),
lot en E line of Bryant avenue, 60 S of Twenty- j
first street, S 23 by E 75; gift. j
James Kltterman to Macco Popclano, lot on
E line of Stockton street. 67:10 N of Greenwich,
N 13:8, E 57:6. S 27:5%. W 30:8%. N B:3Vi. W
£O:11U, N 2:<5, W 45:10',i; ?10.
John E. Sharp to Achille Paladinl, lot on N
line of Beach street. 45:10 W of Taylor, W
91 :S by N 137:6; $10.
Samuel P. and Caroline R. Blumenberg to
William Abbott, lot on NW line of Shipley
street. 100 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
William K. and Jeanette Casement to Jacob
and Louise Schultz, lot on E line of York
street, 1S2 N of Twentieth (Napa).'N 25 by E
100; $10.
Jorge de Uricste y Vlteri to Adolfo de Urios
te, lot on NE corner of Fortieth avenue and K
street, E 210 by N MO; also lot on NE corner of
Twenty-sixth avenue and O street, E 120 by N :
COO: also lot on S line of Pacific street. 137:6
E of Laurel. E 137:6 by N 127:8«i. quitclaim
deed; $1. •
The McCarthy Company (corporation) to M.
C. Ansbro, lots S3 and 39, block 15, Lakeview;
$10.
Alameda County.
Ellis and Emellne M. Powell, Lakeview and
Sunnyslde Improvement Company, Connor k
Perry Trust Investment Company (by W. S.
Harlow. commissioner) to Oakland. Bank of
Savings, lot 2 and NE 5 feet of lot 3, block 2,
on Revif>ed Map of Eden Park, Brooklyn Town
ship; $0000.
Susie J. and J. W. H. Proeser to Clotllde J.
Reed, lot on SW line of Eagle avenue, 92:6 NW
of Stanford street, NW 30 by SW 147:6. being
the SE 30 feet of lot 12. block 3, lands adjacent
to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
W. H. and Bessie M. Cornell to J. B. Lank
tree, lot on E line of Ellis street. 150:6 S of
Prince. S 75:3 by E 120. being lot 115. block 4.
t map of lands of Regent-street Homestead Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $10.
Esperanza Gold Mining Company to Maurice
Wurts (single), lots 36 and 37, block 6. Amended
i Map Central Park, Alcatraz and Newbury
stations, subject to a mortgage for $1000, Berke
ley; $10.
¦ Benjamin and Elizabeth Bangs to Kate C.
Radford. lot on E line of HlllegaBs avenue.
1S5 N of Derby street. N 45 by E 159.44, being
the 8 SO feet of lot 55 and N 15 feet of lot 66.
map of Hlllegass property. Berkeley; $1125.
Anna and Ernest Menkens to August Grell,
lot on NW corner of Harlan street and land
now owned by H. P. llansen of lot 32, Hemme
Tract, thence W 100. N 100, E 100, S to be
ginning, being portion Hemme Tract, San Le
andro. Eden Township; $10.
Louise S. Martin to John S. Martin, lot on
N line of Castro street. 115:6 E of Alvarado.
NE 49:3. NW 100. SW 49:3, SE 100. block 44,
town of San Leandro. Eden Township; grant.
David Hyman (administrator of estate of
Lilly May Hyman) to I. A. Coonradt. all In
terest In lot 10. block G. Stanford Tract, Oak
land; $325.
Lucy and Anson Ward. Jessie Ely, Howard
R. and Lena Ellsworth and E. and Letty Coon
radt to Irving A. Coonradt. all interest in lot
on SE line ot Chestnut street. 200 NE of Santa
Rosa avenue. NE 40 by SE 112. being lot 10,
block G. Stanford Tract. Oakland; $10.
Emma S. Westcott to E. T. Keyser, lot on.
S line of Felton street (now called Sixty-third).
196.82 E of San Pablo avenue. E 40. S 154.34.
SAV 40 to a point which would be intersected
by a line drawn through point of beginning
and 'at right angles to S line of Felton (or
Sixty-tblnl) street, thence N 163.4 to begin
ning, lot 8, block 12, Herzog Tract, Oakland;
$12.
Mary J. Storck to Delmont A. wentworth,
lot on 8 line of University avenue, 62:6. E of
Tenth street, E 25 by S 100. block 100. Tract
B, Berkeley Land and Town Improvement
Association, Berkeley; $10.
Philip Prior to Nellie S. Prior, lot beginning
at a point 66 2-3 feet NW from 8 boundary
line of lot 16, University Terrace and also
distant 160 SW from center of Panoramic way,
thence SE C6:8, SW, 150, NW 100, E 150 to be
ginning, being a portion of lot 16, University
Terrace, excepting therefrom that portion of
Panoramic way to be used for public street,
Berkeley; gift. ¦ *
George C. Stanton to Leah F. Mott (femme
sole), lot beginning at a point In center of
Fruitvale avenue SW 122 distant from NW cor
ner lands of Julius W. Wyman, by deed of Oc
tober 13. 1889. and being also SW 533.50 from
S line of Huff avenue, thence SE 235.60 to fence
dividing the lands of Wyman from lands of
Chester and Eleanor S. Deering, thence NE
181.4, . NW 208.50, NW to center of Frultvale
avenue, * thence SW 192 . to beginning, Brook
lyn Township; $10..
Dennis J. and Louis Sullivan to H.H. Case,
lot on Sllne of Santa Clara avenue. 54 W of
Chestnut • street. ': thence - along Santa Clara
avenue 64, thence • S >. 157:6. E 54, N 157:6 to
beginning. ¦ being the N 4 157:6 of lot : 3, block 1,
Map of Encinal sTract No. ¦ 3. Alameda; $10. ~
Hlbernla' Savings and Loan . Society to ; Rich
ard Hughes, lot .29 on map of subdivision of
the ' Polhemus Tract In Rancho de las Pulgas,
San Mateo County; $786.
Charles H. and Florence Clough to Frank J.
and Rosa Katzenberg,' lot on NE line of Linda
avenue, 276.96 NW from W line of Echo avenue,
NW 50 by NE 200. being lot 4 and portion lots
5 and 6. block IS," Glen Echo Tract, Map 3, Oak
land; $10. •¦:
* E. M. and ', Irene" B.' Gibson to M. • Rlnehart."
loKon N line of Brown or Thirty-fourth street.
384 iW of Telegraph avenue. W 45 by N. 119:10,
being portion ¦ lot • 10. > on • map > of portion estate
of A. C. Brown.- Oakland; $10.
'Nettie L. and Fred ; A.. t Walton to O/E. and
Kate S. Rood, lot 15, block E, Map of Peralta
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William J and Caroline I>. Gardner to Julia
f"? eI » 8 O i ( T lfe °J charI " P-). >ot on SW line
of East Sixteenth street. 75 SE of Seventeenth
-1. block 2S San Antonio, East Oakland: $10.
Fritz and Mary E. Bcehmer to Louise R
\\ aggoner. 4S-100 of an acre on N line of Cenl
ter street distant SW 125 from NW corner Cen
*" e A re^,v n »A Redwood road, thence SW 103.
SW 57. NW 30, NW 29. NW 80:6 NE 676 NE
sit) SE 161 ' to be Einning, Brooklyn Township;
J. B. Purse to George W. Austin, lot on E
Lr'nv' *~ yr E e street ' 9S:1^ s ot Twenty-flrst.
&> h ?, E 12 4'- ? elngr lots 2S and M on Map of
subdivision Wall Tract, subject to mortgage.
Edith May Wells to Emma J. Elrod, lot on
b line of Central avenue. 150 E of Walnut
street. E 60 by S 100. being portion lot 24.
block 47, Map of Seminary Park. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Belle L, Llstman to Viola Ida Glrvln. lot on
W line of Claremont avenue, 278.81 on course
bearing NE from NE line of Vlncente Peralta
reserve of 700 acres, thence NW 700 NE 190,
SE 4S1, SW 417, to beginning, portion plat 76,
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, subject to a mort
gage. Oakland Township and Berkeley: $10.
Annie Johns to William Corbin, lot 20 block
9. Man of Shaw Tract. Berkeley- $10.
Sarah C. and Michael McLaughlln to Frank
J. Kelly, lot on NW corner of Mllvla and Gll
man streets, N 240 by W 135. being lots 8 and
9. block 15. Map Berkeley Villa Association.
Berkeley; $100.
Philander A. Finn to Curry Dickerson, lot
40, block B, Frultvale Villa Tract, subject to
a mortgage for $K0, Brooklyn Township; $10.
James O. Shaylor to Annie A. Shaylor, lot
on W line of Campbell street, 50 N of Seward,
N 30 by XV 113, being lot 13. block 711, Oakland;
gift. ,
Wllhelmlna Reese (wife of Paul H.) to Mar
tin M. Kelly, lots 6S and 63. Map of Buena
Vista Homestead, quitclaim deed. Oakland, $10.
John A. and Florence E. Brltton to Ernest
A. Heron, lot 10, block B, Linda Vista Terrace
MaD 2. subject to deed of trust for $2000.
Oakland: $10.
Helen I_. Seaver to Nettie G. de Golia. lot on
N corner of Walsworth and Bayo Vista ave
nues. NE 70 by NW 123, portion lot 6, block B.
Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland; $10.
Nettie G. and Edwin B. de Golia and Sophia
B. G. Adams to Helen L. Seaver, lot on N line
of Albion or Twenty-eighth street, 113:"V4 W
of Telegraph avenue, N 100 by W 50. portion
Aiden Tract. Oakland: $10.
California Furniture Manufacturing Co. (a
corporation) to same, all in fee simple and
absolute same (three pieces). Alameda; S10.
Joseph A. Leonard Co. (a corporation) to
Robert M. Welch, in fee simple and absolute
the following: Lot on S line of Clinton ave
nue. 1?7 E of Union street, E 49 by S 140, be
ing lot 6, block 17, en Map of Leonard's sub
divisions of blocks 16, 17 and 18. In Bartlett 50
acre tract. Alameda; also lot on SE corner of
Union street and Clinton avenue, S 50 by E
148. being lot 8, block 17. same; also lot on S
line of Clinton avenue, 1S3 W of Union street,
W 35:4 by S 130, being portion lot 9, block 1«,
came, Alameda; $10;
Heights, bargain and sale deed. East Oakland;
$2000. .'• ' ' .-;• , ; .-«
I. C. Bateman (by Roswell Q. .Wheeler. Tax
Collector of City of Alameda,) - to C. S. NeaL
undivided interest > In ' a tract of marsh land
bounded on N and E by Oakland Harbor, S by
high lands of Alameda, and W by Bay of San
Francisco, containing; 1 acre. Alameda; $1.
T. L. Hlerllhy to William A. Anderson, lot
17, block E. Map of Broadway Terrace, Oak
land Townsh to; 110.
Nancy A. and , J. S. Marshall to A. L. Da
vis, lot on XV line of Blalne avenue. 150 N of
Tenth street, N 100 by W 125, being lota 15 and
16, block N, Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. ...-,._¦ y-~
Sarah F.' Hopper to Lottie E. Rose, lots 5 and
6, block 10, Allendale Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; J10. .-.••- '-•¦
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Sarah A.
Morrison, lot on N line of Eighth street. 200
E of Union, E 33:3 by N S7:10. block 548, Oak
land: $10.
Peter II. Anderson to Frldeborg A. Anderson,
lot on NE line of Santa Clara avenue, 148.46
SE of Oakland. SE 95 by NE 150, being lots
11 and 12, block I, Linda Vista Terrace, map
2, Oakland; gift.
James McAllister to Ellen McAllister, lot on
S line of Laurel street, 216:8 W of Grove. W
33:4 by S 100, being a portion of lot 11. block
N. Kelsey Tract, Oakland; tt and gift
John W. McNeil (by A. L. Frick, attorney)
to Georpe W. Reed, lot on S line of Lydla
street, 1H0 W of West, . W 25 by S 100, block
303, Oakland (subject to a mortgage); $10.
Ellen Seery (widow) to Katie and Mary E.
Seery and Rose 8. Cassldy, lot on E line of
Kttle street, 300 N of B, N 25 by E 133, being
subdivision A in lot 4, block 737. Watts Tract,
map 2. Oakland; gift.
W. W. Saunders to Karl H. Nickel lot on
SE line of Howe street, 130 SW of Mather. SW
S2:6 by SE 125. being lot 19 and NE 2H-feet pf
lot 20. block L, map of Thermal Hill, formerly
the Howe Tract, Oakland; $10. _
S. C. Blgelow to W. W. Saunders, lot on SE
line of Howe street, ISO SW ot Mather, SW 2:6
feet by SE 125. being the NE 2:6 feet of lot
20. block L. same. Oakland: $10.
Mlllicent H. Baker to Laura Bell Rennle. lot
on W corner of East Fourteenth street and
Second avenue. SW 40 by NW 100. block 51.
Clinton. East Oakland; $10. _j ,
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Wil
liam Hammond Hall, the N portion of lot 65
in plat fi. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township; $318.
Maria P. Morse (widow) to Charles W. Ham
mer and Harry B. Town*, lot on N line of
Forest street, 615 E of Peralta avenue, E 25 by
N 173, helnc tha most easterly 25 feet of lot 9.
Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Gertrude and E. C. Hurff to George W. Re
bum, lot on E line of Castro street, 100 N of
Eighteenth, N 35 by E 100. block 2S«, Oakland;
Mary D. Mathews (widow) to William Shields,
lot on S line of Dwlght way. 417.33 E from E
line plat 61. Rancho V. and D. Peralta, thence
S 135 for point of beginning, thence S 115, E 60.
S 9. W 2M>. N 124. W 200, to beginning, being
portion plat 56, Rancho V. and D. Peralta.
Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. Lyon to Samuel L. Glbb». lots 2
and 2. block 178. Grayson Tract, subject to a
mortgage for $300, Berkeley; $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to John
A. Brltton, lot 22, lot G. Linda Vista Terrace
Map :,' Oakland; $10.
Ruth A. Boyd to Charles M. Berry, lot on N
line of Lester avenue where same Is inter
sected by line dividing lots 4 and 5. block E.
Peralta Heights, and also distant 343.45 W from
W line of Newton avenue. N 164:2, W 32, S
164:2, E 32. to beginning, being portion lot 4.
block E. Peralta Heights. East Oakland; $5.
James J. SuiTen to Kate Hunter, lot 53. Map
of Marlon Tract, Brooklyn Township; $U
Central Pacific Railway Company to Vincent
Hourat, lot on SE corner of county road Oak
land to San Leandro and Harrison avenue, E
64.67 by S 123, being lot 1 and portion lot J,
block C. Huntington Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,- AUGUST 32, 1900.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from, Page Thirty-Nine.
38
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
». Steamers leave Broadway
»w wharf, San Francisco:
l^fc 1 !-*^ F° r Alaskan rortj— 11 a.
Vtf^feSSV m -- August 11. 13. 21. 2\ Sept.
kfe'Sfcyv"'* 1 *. 3 - <'I"ianre *o company's
RSC k~*Yl\s i^ steamers at Feattlf.
liSM&FiM^i for Victoria. Vancouver
fcap*?«*iS/<M (B. C). Port Towr.send. Se-
i^^tev-riw attlr, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
¦*** (Wash.) — It a. m.. AuRijst
14 19, 24. 29. Sept. 3, and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Aug-"«t
11, 16, 21, 26, 31, Sept, 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford <San Luis Obl?po>. Gavlnta,
Panta Harbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. August 11, 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4.
and every fourth day therafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford <San Luis ObispoV Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Rtdondo tLos Angeies) — U
a. m., August 13. 17, 21. 15, 20, Sept. 1, anj
every fourth flay thereafter.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jo?» del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas ( Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chance
steamers, failing dates and hours of. sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET iik'FKK-l New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0; R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC S'2 First Class Includlnj BsrV-i
fAnC $S Second Oa,» and ft'.ealx
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 11, 21. 31
COLUMBIA sails August 16. 28, Sept. a
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Throuehv tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Atrent,
e:a Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
'.,<¦¦ Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlo?o). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
of saillcr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARIT.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market "street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
irrW YOBS. ECCTHAMPTON. LCND03. PAST!
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everv Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis August 22|Ft Louis Sept. 12
New York....Au«rust 23 1 New York Sept. 19
St. Paul Sept. 5; St. Paul Sept. 26
RED STA^ L1NS.
»>W Yo»^ and Antw*--..
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 22rWesternland ...Sept. 12
Frtesland August 2> Kensington ....Sept. 1»
Southwark Sept 5'Noordland Sept. 28
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. T
30 Montgomery Street.
SOMPAGNIE GENERALE j THASSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^..^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of «te?LJljLlV
Saturday, from November 2. 1SD3. at •"*"> "5e»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street: LA BRETAGNE. August 16- LA
1X5RRAINE. August 23: LA TOURAINE 'Au-
gust 30: L'AQUITAINE. Sept. fi. First 'class
to Havre. JS2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $55 and UDwr.rd: B per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broed-
way (Hudson Building). New York J *F
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.' 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. ¦
OCEANIC S. S. CO HOXOT.TII.U API 5.
AUCKLAND AM) SYUNEV.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu enly)
.....Wednesday. August 22. i t> m
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu), to New "
Zealand and Australia Wed., Sept. 5 8 p m I
i D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. n« Montgcmen J
Pw 7. Fact Pacific St Freish!C&M.32? ."Harms', j
K-OSMOS LINE jj^fSIE
— — — — — — — ABYDOS 4000 tens
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanls, 4300 tons, tails about August 29.
J- D; SPRECKELS fz BROS. CO.. Agents.
.»! ,; Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
327 Market B t.. San Francisco.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Alonticello."
- MON.. Tues.,- Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:S0 p. m. (ex-Thurs. n:*ht): Fri-
days 1 D. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE .. .......-.:.... SOc
JtAJXROAD TBAVZL.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS....9:20 a. m.,l:45 and 6:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30, 2:3i> p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAAIALPA1S NOW OPEX
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING*
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— 2 large sunny
rooms; bath and laundry; private family; $12.
OAK. 117-r sunny parlors furnished for house-
keeping, $14; single room, same. $8; telephone.
OTAHRELL. 743— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. $11 to $zo.
i PINE. 704-Sunny front suite; furnished; stove.
folding bed; running water; no bill; $12 60.
! I'OLkT"^— 2~furnished front rooms for light
housekeeping; use of bath.
EHOTWELL. C23. nr Twentieth-2 or 3 nicely
furnished tunny rooms for light, housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— Three furnished .
rooms complete lor housekeeping. $11. 1
THIRTEENTH. 32?. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; water; stove;
Eep&rato entrance.
TWENTY-SECOND 3447— Two sunny rooms,
furnished for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 432— 2 eleeantly furnished sunny
rooms; complete housekpg.: gas stove; reas.
WEBSTER. 1303-Thrce unfurnished rooms.
VAN NESS ave.. 43— Front sunny rooms for
I housekeeping. *1S a month: also large front |
I room for 2 persons, J12 and jS; front A an Ne?s.
i jl MONTH— Two larce rooms, sunny yard, to
parties willing to care for old person. Box ;
2S35. Call of lice.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office. 2100 Flllmore Bt.
I A~BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
J subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rtt.
] ¦ - ""
! ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
i A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth— Rooms
2Zc to ?1 s*r nisht. Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nisht.
AUSTIN AVE. IK -A nice furnished room to
: let.
! IJOHEMIA, 233 Post— Finest tunny sulU»* In
; city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ences; special accommodation fcr tourists.
BRANNAN. 224. bet. 2d and 3d— Furnished
: room with bath; private family.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 520 — Nicely furn. sunny rooms; Jl 60 to $7
wk. ; 25c to ft 5U night. 1IK5. P. ItANFT.
CLARA. 141A— Large sunny room Bultable for
1 gentleman. -
EDDY. 473— Bright sunny single room; r*3 and
running water\j6 month.
FELLA pi.. 10. ofT Powell, bet. Bush and Pine—
Elegant sunny rooms; modern improvements.
FIFTH. 35J— Sunny furnished single rooms, $4
and Jj.
FILLMORE. 1920-Sunny front rooms.
FOLSOM. 734— Single furnished sunny front
room: private family; reasonable.
FOLSOM, Ml— Jl week; large sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private; call by 8 p. in.
FOLSOM. SC5. cor. 6th fThe Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms. single or suites: reasonable.
GEART. 656— Elegant sunny suite; other pleas-
ant rooms; prlv. light housekeeping; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Fingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave.. 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
furnished runny rooms by day. week or
month.
GOLPEX GATE ave., 409 — Sunny Bide room;
double bed; closet; J6 per month.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient 1 sm£ : lvn£G ; Tur2c_ji£id^T^yJor.
HOWARD. KS-Rooms from Jl week up to $5;
25c to |1 night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 834— Sur.ny parlor, $2; single rooms,
$1 a week; transient.
JACKSON. 933A — Sur.ny rooms with bath, ad-
joining, in private family; references required.
JESSIE. 371-Furn!shed rooms, $3. $5 and $7
each.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms,; board optional.
LEAVENWORTH. 400, near Ellis-Furnished
room. fS per month.
MCALLISTER. 114. flat No. ft— Newly furnished
sunny suite of rooms; also comfortable room
for 1 or 2; rent cheap.
MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished single and doublo
rooms. 75c and » per week.
MINNA. 449V4. bet. oth and 6th— Front com-
fortable room In private family.
MINNA. C67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient,
MISSION, £20— Furnished rooms to let from $1
j up.
MISSION, 1221. near new Postofflce— Nicely fur-
nlshed single room; J4.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh— Bright sunny |
room; .private family; $1 25 per week.
MISSION. SSOS'i— Parlor suite, unfurnished;
rent $10.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POST. E27 — Nice newly furnished front room;
other rooms unfurnished; reasonable.
POST. C31— Two furnished rooms to let, $5 and
?S; no smoking or drinking In the house;
Protestant Christian preferred.
POWELL. 121 — Light, clean rms. : suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
POWELL, R»— A new and very nicely furnish-
ed front and back room.
POWELL. 612A — Pleasant suite of rooms: large
sunny front room and others; reasonable.
i POWELL. i",Z. near Sacramento— 2. 3 or 4 un-
' furnished rooms; marine view; sun all day.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and C21 ElllS.st.— Rooms,
night 25c to Jl, week Jl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12C Ellis St.— Incandescent
llRht; reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 30c to Jl £0: week, J2
to JS; month. SS to S20: elevator on office lioor;
rooms -with hot and cold water; baths.
i SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
j near Market— FurniMhed or unfurnished.
j SIXTEENTH. 3239A— 2 or 3 furnished rooms;
use cf kitchen if desired; cheap.
SOUTH PARK, 47— A nice furnished room, sun-
ny and pleasant. In private family; terms rea-
sonable.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
UNFURNISHED rooms; 2 or 4. Apply 112
EiEhth St. ,
VAN NESS ave.. S15— A few newly furnished
rooms, complete, in prl\-ate family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia Et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*. The Weekly Call.
1C puces, in wranper.. for mailing. SI per year
IIOOMS AXD BOARD.
ALMORA, corner Twentieth and Mission sts.—
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
all modem conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
AT $40; room, board for 2 gentlemen; refined
family. Add. "Advertiser," P. O. Station H.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive Interior and table. S07 California st.
NICELY furnished room in a private family;
breakfast given if required. 1613 Gough st.
KOOJIS AXD UOAUD WASTED;
WANTED — Sunny rooms and board by a young
married coui>le; north of Market, east or
Larkln; reasonable Box 1931, Call office.
WANTED by lady, tunny room wltli board 7n
Jewish family: extra serves. Uox 2334. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pagCF.Mn wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
IS there ii nice private family that would rent
3 rooms completely furn. lor hsttpgr lexclutfive
use cf k'tchen) to young couple? Must, be
reasonable; east Van Ness; Sept. 1st; rrfs. ;
permanent. Box i:«13. Call olfice.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
¦WILSON BROS., storage 'and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC FtcraKe and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2S1'O Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BICKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
t«-l. Main 1S40 — Packing, moving and storage.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
LADIES desiring to make money without In-
terfering with othsr duties can do so. Ad-
dress box 19£S. Call office. .
LADIES — Chlchusler's Kngllsh Pennyroyal PUla
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other-
send <c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." in letter by return wall: at druic-
tflsts. Chlchegter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BEST Btamn photos and buttons on earth.
PORE, mo Market St.. above Jones.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenanta ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIFC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery at, rooms 9-10; tel.' 5530,
SEWI.XG 3IACH1XES AXD SUPPLIES.
AT_I-> kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
• TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES. .
GREAT BARoT^s'l>rTT^E^VRITERS^V'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, C3C California, telephone Main 266.
NEW typewriters. $5 down, $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
PROPOSALS.
CONSTRUCTION of sewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marin County, Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction of a system of Eewers in
Ross Valley, Marin County, as per plans and
specifications on file with the secretary.
Right reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
9 a. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting cf the Sanitary
Beard, to be held at the ofHce of the secre-
tary, on Friday, Aug. 17. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for C per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a satisfactory bond for the full amount
of the contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN, President.
T. R RF.RRY. Sec 120 Butter st.. 3. F.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Frederick C. Frank, 2G. SOS Noe street, and
Maude Shuld. 22, 533 Taylor street.
John H. DecUhuien; 31, city, and Llna Buch-
ser, 30, city.
Francis X. Spranger Jr.. 35, Detroit, Mich.,
an<l Augusta C. H. Weber, 30. city.
John K. Feely, 3S, S23 Kearny street, and
Minnie F. Luce, 35, S25 Kearny street.
Marco Tftrdlo. 23. 22 Varennes street, and
Mariana Scaletta. 17. 22 Varennes street.
Jose F. da Assencas. SO, 75 Jackson street, and
Mamie J. Silvia. IS. 75 Jackson 6treet.
Philip J. Tellis, 21. South San Francisco, and
Ida Gonzales, 24. Gilroy.
Orson M. Waf'rhouse, 47. Pittsburg. Pa., and
Katherine Frlerson. 28. Oakland.
Otto Petterson. 27. Mayneld. and Hilda. Nel-
son, 24, Mayfield.
Charles G. Stelnweg. 63, city, and Emma
Minor, 47. city. '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
nirth, marriage and death notices sent bj
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BELLr-In this city, August 8. 1900. to the wlfa
of J. Bell, a dauEhter.
BISHOP— In Oakland, August 2, 1900. to the
wife of J. N. Blshon, a son.
BONACINA— In this city. August 5. 1900/ to the
wife of Charles Bonaclna, a daughter.
COGAN— In this city, August 7. 1900, to the
wife nf James Cegan, a daughter.
CONDON— In this city, August 7. 1S00. to the
¦wife of J. D. Condon Jr., a son.
CONNELL— In this cUy, August 4. 1900. to the
wife of T. J. Connell, a daughter.
COSGROVE— In this city, August 3. 1900. to
the wife of Edward I. Cosgrove. a daughter.
DEL CARLO— In this city, August S, 1900, to
the wife of V. D. del Carlo, a son.
DIETZ— In this city. August 10. 1900, to th«
wife of John Dletz, a son.
DOODY— In this city. August 5. 1300. to the
wife of D. Doody, a son.
FLYNN— In this city. August 4, 1900. to the
wife of Edward P. Flynn, twin daughters.
INGUGLIA— In this city. July 20. 1900. to the
wife of J. B. Incuglia. a daughter.
LANGLET— In this city, July 26. 1900, to the
wife of L. L. Laneley. a daughter.
McKENNA— In this city, August S, 1900, to the
wife of L. McKenna, a daughter,
MAY— In this city, August 1, 1300. to the wife
of Ernest May, a son.
MORIUCE— In this city. August 10, 1900. to the
wife of James Morrice. a son.
NEUMAN-In this city, July 31. 1900. to the
wife of William Neuman, twin daughters.
O'CONNOR— In this city, August 4, 1900, to the
wife of J. J. O'Connor, a daughter.
ROSE— In this city, to the wife of Hugh Rose,
a son.
STOLZ— In this city, August 11. 1900. to the
wife of II. F. Stolz. a daughter.
MARBIED.
INGHAM— HARDING— In Oakland. August I,
1900, by the Rev. C. M. Hill. Christian W.
Ingham and Alice A. Harding.
LEA— TUSCHE— In this city. August 4, 1900, by
the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Richard P. Lea
and Josephine Reta Tusche, both of San
Francisco.
LUTTMANN— WAACKHCSEN- In this city,
August 9, 1900, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke.
¦William Luttmann and Dora Waackhusen,
both of San Francisco.
MOORE— SMITH— In this city, July 25. 1900. at
St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. Father
1'rendereast. M. II. Moore and Mamie C.
Smith, both of San Francisco.
MULLER-BAXTER— In this city. August 7,
19C0. by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Joseph Muller.
and Minnie Baxter.
SCHMIDT— TREAD WELL— In Trinity Chapel.
August 4, 1900. by Bishop William Hall More-
land, Karl C. Schmidt and Genevleve Tread-
well.
SCHNUTENHAUS— LUTTMANN— In this city.
August 9, 1900. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Willy Schnutenhaus and Sophie Luttmann,
both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Assion, Caroline Munro, Reuben
Boyle. Susan Murphy, William
Doud. ¦William A. Park, William J.
Gillespie, Richard H. J'riest, Emma
narrower. James Reilly. James
Herrmann. Oscar > Belfke. liuth A.
McNally, Mary A. Skelly. John R.
Michaels. Lillen P. Warto. Fredrick
Mueller. Henry Zeimer. Daniel
ASSION— In this city. August 10. 1900, Caroline,
beloved wife of Joseph Assion, and sister of
Mrs. George Lawier, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 68 years 5 months and tj days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, rrom the residence
of her sister, Mrs. George Lawier, 224 Haight
street, near Buchanan. Interment strictly
private. Please omit flowers.
BOYLE— In Port Costa, August l5J 1900, Susan
Boyle, dearly beloved wife of George Boyle,
and beloved sister of Michael, Daniel, Pat-
rick, John and Peter Smith. Mrs. Charles
Hamilton and Mrs. H.' Glauber, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland.
E71he funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1203 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to the Church of St. Charles
Borromeo. corner Eighteenth and Shot weir
streets, for services, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage
DOUD— In thia city. August 11, 1900. William
A., beloved husband of Octavia Doud. father
of Royal A. and William E. Doud. and son of
Aaron and Flora H. Doud. a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years 4 months and 17
days.
IT7 Notice cf funeral hereafter.
GILLESPIE— In this city, July 10. 1900, Rich-
ard H. Gillespie, beloved father of Mrs. B. C.
Shearer and William Gillespie, a native of
I.'ew Brunswick, aged 73 years 4 months and
29 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2423
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HARROWER— At Wailuku Hospital, Maul,
Hawaiian Islands, July 24, 1900, James Har-
rowcr, dearly beloved husband of Marianne
narrower, father of William. Annie and
Jamcb narrower, and brother of Henry Har-
rower, a native of Lelth, Scotland, aged CO
¦ years 11 months and S days.
HERRMANN— In Ban Jose, Cal.. August 11,
1900. Oscar, beloved husband of Kate Herr-
mann, father cf Vera. George and Kenneth
Herrmann, and brother of William. Jameu
and Grropje Herrmann, a native of San Fran-
cisco, arod 42 years.
(T^Frlenda and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 122 Scctt street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
McNAI.LY— In th'.s city. August II. 1900, at St
Mary's Hospital, Mary A. McNally. beloved
wife of the late John McNally, and mother of
Mrs. Margaret Allman. Mrs. XV. Weathbee
Mrs. Alice Valalnt and Willie. Edward and 1
. Emilie McNally. a native of Ireland.
MICHAELS— In Alameda, August H, 1900 LU-
i lea Frances, wife of C. F. Michaels, aged 23
years. .
(CTFuueral notice in Monday's papers.
MUK1-LER— In this city, August 9, 1900. Henry
Mueller, a native of Germany, aged 44 years
8 months and 1 day.
(r^Friendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
if-undayt. at 2 o'clock, from the . parlors of
H. i'\ Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. *
ilUNRO— In this city, August 10. 1900, Reuben
beloved husband of: Ella E. Munro, father of
Alice E. and Annie Irene Munro. son of Mrs
A. H. Munro, and brother, of Silas, William"
Scott and Minna' Munro, a native of Canada!
a.«rerTi3 years 10 months and 18 days. "
£7FHends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 -o'clock. , from his ¦; late resl-
HENftY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan'£ Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. 1 •
. Telephone South. SO.
OAKLAND ADYERTISH.MENTS.
OAKLAM) HEAL ESTATB.
. BC28 ALL PAY.
'a^ perfect home tlace.
J^iO— Tliis cozy modem n=sc!ake cotUige of
F. lsrce rcorcs with extra la<S* bathroom and
I'sntry and front ai;<3 tack nail: high basc-
nirr.t with vas>h trays nonJ cement fl.x>r; all i
in fire condition; occupk-d by owner a:id can ,
be fetn at any time; lot 274x100 foet (note tha
1 kisel, r.ith pleaty of rtiozn for driveway and
b^ra ir wanted; lawn In front and rear; stone
walks; stone coping: srarden and a lev.- Ehaile
l-c<-s; title petted and warranted: street mac-
adamized, sewered and accej,t»d; the nicest lo-
«r.tlon along Trleprai h avc. ; rapidly improviny
¦ in valur- onlv a ttep to 2 <?lectric lines; thla
« f.n over JCifcC'; resscin cf Fellir.g is owner owes
£009; readily rentable at ft'J.
£ee GEO. tt'. AUSTIN & CO..
The Exclusive Agents,
1OJ8 Uroadway, Oakland.
tnSO OX INSTALLMENTS-COST OVER $«C0
A ralr of Cats containing 5 rooms each, with
c*! t^.«* n:r.(5<*! n :rni i ro\"« ; *ni'*iitt ; also a rear cct-
tr.ir" of 5 r'"O."3s; improvejnentl alone cost over
53W0; the lei is 27%xlM feet (note the size), ,
irentlnc rter.t on electric line and main Ftreet; j
or.iy a *ho:t distance to local train: street mac-
F.<iami2«d. tewered ami sidewalked: fruit tre<»s
end nir^ gar*?**:!: an fxce'lent Income and home
l.roperty COgnMxted; Will rent readily for $27 CO ,
per month: til occupied now; can be seen at j
cr.y time; buildings insurr-d for |TCCO; no mort- :
G2-B p : cuaranteivi clear title; nice sunny ex- I
price reduced lor a. quick sale; literal dis- j
< >urt for spot cash; this property merits im- j
r.:ediite invest^atinn; reason for selling, own- |
rrs need tha monry and don't war.t to mort- ¦
rage. Sc-e GEO. \\\ AVSTttt & CO..
The Exclusive Apents.
1C0S Broadway, Oakland.
CHOICE INVESTMENT.
O>rr.er that for pr*£ent income and fatur* ;
l<ia«llillTtl«a none can equal; 50x75: thr»»»-story
trick; Income JS'.'O r*r month on Hve-year lease;
expenses are only ta\cs and %ZS per year on
S10.W/0 insurance, with water i aid by tenants;
pr.ee Sii.OuO. A. J. SXTDER *'CO£;
4C7 Ninth et.. Oa-kland. Oal.
J4500— THE prettlett home in Oakland; M^00. ;
Just completed; r.eer town; could not be du- I
tllcat?d for less than S2SM: v^e this at once.
A. J. EXYDER & CO..
?u7 Ninth at..
Oakland. Cal.
JKOO— HOUSE of C rooms; SCroO; finished Sn
early redwood; Just .-cmrleted.
A. J. 6NTDEH & CO .
«C7 Ninth tt..
Oal;'.ar.<!. Cal.
JCC5— FOR f;ve fcur.dred dollars, Jo'*', ycu_ can
obtain a Cr.e home and business, and $SS per j
mo. pays balance. 12700. on a proi>*rty that j
cost ir.ore than 1*900. Call at our office and
I* CLEVtuced. A. J. SXYDnR & CO..
407 Ninth Et.. '
OaklanJ. Ol. \
S175 CASH. 510 rnnthly: new cottage. 3 largfe i
rorme; 7-foct basemrat; brick foundntlon; 4 i
:.irp«" le\el lots, COxZSS, price- all told $775;
wi'.l f^r-re ani finish up to suit buyer: plenty
ol pnod water: soil, climate and view the very j
bf>ft: close to electric car line an3 M-Coot-wtde j
r.oulevard. a.nd not fsr frem model school- •
honre; no fops nor raw winds here; WeFtht.lt j
Tract, adio'.nir.g East Oakland: 10 buildings j
pen* up already; more coming; call or send for i
circular. 4io Sc-ver.th ex.. near cor. Broadway, I
Oakland; carrlace free. HE.N'UY Z. JONKS.
owner. i
I1TS CASH— Monthly payments aa low rent: new j
unfinished S-ronrn modern house; will finish to ',
fii'.t buper: s!tuate on Fru'.tvale ave., adjoin- j
ir.P East C>aklar.d. corner School pt. : elf^ctric |
c*rF paaa the door; clcs<» to a fine school: i
Ftieet work ttp!1 done; city water, gas and j
sewer: nice bestea Furroundinc; wide lot 150 j
feet d'fp; barn and chicken house; lot fenced;
price all told. $19'0: will make exchance. 4."»5 j
Seventh st.. Oakland tcan-lage free>. II. '/.. j
JONES, owner.
1 ACRE?, L-ig Gates; "-room rustic house; <u
¦era fruit: only !i00: party away. C. K.
KING, i^: Bttmomrnr. Oakland.
IIA'5*\\-AKE t S; E2 acres, all bearing: orchard;
rrsoa. c. k. king.
73 ACRES, Contra Costa Co., near oil wells,
for 6a> at low f.rure; oil on it sure. C. K.
KING. MB Broadway. Oakland.
t Ai'RES rear Haywards: small house; all in i
orchard; on car line; J'jOO. C. K. KING, 902 i
Broadwai'.
Cj4, ACnH.S. Walnut Creek. Contra Co«ta Co.:
$1000; a little -run down; worth twtre the)
m-r.ey. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland, j
j- j
ID HOT'SES. Fome r»w: acquired by mortf^r- |
ty hank: must be fold at once; easy t«»nns: '
a chance to secure a home at rent rates E. j
E. BUNCE. removed to St2 Broadway. Oak- 1
land.
'¦
10 HOUSES and cr>tta»res for sale, required by <
hank mortRac* that I am authorized to sell: !
cary terms; tome same as rent; send or call j
Jor what you want. ;
Ranches for rale from 10 acres to 50.000 acres.
Tfclrty-page catalcgu* of homes.
E. E. BUNCH,
Removed to SS2 Broadway, Oakland.
$?f'X>— COST J40CO; mortgage sale: we are in-
etrucsted to tell the following: Houae, 6
rooms, etc.; all modern conveniences; flrst-
class condition; open plumbing; lot 60x120;
driveway, larze barn, choice location and
neighborhood; close to local train, cars,
tchools and business center; bous« cost to
bnUd S30uO; Bee It; first ccme, first B»n-ed.
J. S. MYERS.
1012 Broadway. Oakland.
J4CC&— ACTUALLY worth $C0«!: new. modern
hous<\ 9 rooms, etc.; decant, new features:
plateclats windows; finest part of Franklin
ft., near narrow-gause; must be seen to ap-
preciate qualities and location.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
?:i00— COTTAGK. ; rooms, Tfith lot 23x112; lo-
cation excellent. BELDEN & COOK, Wash-
ington and Fourteenth st*. j
tEIO — GOOD cottag". * rooniE; lot "7:6x50: elope i
In. BELDEX & COOK. Washington and '
Fourteenth st».
j paM-Mxia. NEAR Telegraph ave.; choicest
residpnee lot in Oakland; will exchange, equi-
ty for city jircr>erty. Address box 122, 31S
Hush st.
A— 14 PEH cent Income property; modern flats,
few block.* from Broadway; renting for $20 per
month: owner non-resident and instructs to j
«=*¦!! at once; 11700 buy* them: see. us imme-
diately. P.ELDEN & COOK, Washington and !
Fourteenth ets.
AT a sacrifice — Good 2-rtory cottage. 8 rooms
and bath: pretty ear-den; fruit; burn. S67
EEft Twenty-third rt.. bet. 11th and 12th aves.
OAKLAND FLRXITIUE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schelftiaes. the
turnnurp .if-aW. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOt:$EKEEPI.\G.
AFH ave.. ES. near City Hall— 2 furnished sunny j
rocms for light housekeeping. '
AT C2 Second— Lisrht housfkeeping, $1 30 to $2 M
per wk. : single and double, tl to 12 LO per wk.
inmCH. €174— Three rooms, tT; water lr^
eluded.
l:RYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth— 3 front rooma, fur-
r.it-hed ccmplet* for housekeeping; cheap.
X3YCE. CZ. oti Cearj'— Four nice, large, sunny
rooms to let with large yard and basement-
rent I».
EI'SII. 7»— Part of dwelling, floor of four en-
lurrnylinl jnozna for hskpg.; bath; sink; »1«.
CAPP. &C2— To let. i or I large sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
i:i>DY, €04— Sunny furnished corner room; run-
nir.p water; eas etove and kitchen; complete
tor hou>rkeeping. "
EJOIJTII. C4O. near Market— Larpe tunny back
parlor and regular kitchen furnished for
hou^^;^:etplng; private family; bath.
I'LLIP. 1127-llousckeep!nc; nicely furntehed
front room; grate; folding bed; kitchen- tas
stove. '
ESSEX place. I. off Essex rt., Rlncon Hill— 3
ry/ras fcr hsekpg.; 6^th; hot and cold water.
FULTON. 4t£— Three neat, clean housekeecinc
rocrr.i. *
3JOV.AJ11*. M^-Sanny suite; large yard; com-
plcie for no-jsckwpinE; 110.
BpWARD. K«»i— Sunny completely furnlehed
housekeeping rooms; also others.
HOV.'AIiU. ;<2S-2 front rooms and kitchen.
with large jard; furnished ; no signs.
IJYDE. <0S-Sunny front alcove suite, com-
piete for hourekoepSng.
JACKSOJC. TC4— 2 large unfurnished rooma fox
housekeeping; water free; Jj 50.
JESSIE. 273, near Fifth and Market— House"-
keepliig rooms, J9.
JtrNIPER. :. off Ko'.sorn, bet. 10th and 11th—
Two unfurnisli«-d housekeeping rooms; bath*
cun all day; rent $3 DO.
XEAKNY. 17C8— Two or three sunny furnlthed
bouaekeepina; rooms; private family; marine
vle»-; rtasouable.
LARKIN. 1004, near rest— Sunny rooms; light
houfckwplng; little room, $4 month.
LEAVEN WORTH. 1M3— 2 or S furnished rooms
» complete for housekeeping; bath.
LINDEN, Sit— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
parlor and kitchen. Call bet. 6 and 7 Monday.
MARKET. 1S2S — L«rge light room and connect-
ing kjtchen; furnished; folding bed; nas; $10.
MARKET, 16CS. opp. Tenth— Large sunny aU
cove. J7; comfortable kitchen and bedroom, tl.
MISSION, 1220— Finely furnished front parlor;
' ci£u double and tingle and housekeeping ntus.
(PAoino svs-ritM.) t
Trwin " ""c; r^si^*'. """ # r
(Main Line, Foos of .Market Street.)
ib*vx — Fk«ki AcacaT 12. 1300- — *»»!*¦
•7:O<U Benicia. Xiitsiiu. Kimirs. VacariUs. ,
RuuiSt-y ami haeraiuenf • • • * ' "*'
•::OOa Shu-ta Ewn- Owis, Williams (fuy
Jtartlctt Sprii.Ks;. Wlllu««. I-**
UiliS. ForlLmL -¦ -7*«3r
•7:H«A M.iriiiiez..-Ktii i:*titon,Vulleju. Kapa,
CatfemgiMMlHanU K.ma. ........ W 9'.t^r
•8:00a IUiU. Wuodlaml. KniihULaailiii*.
AJarratil.e Utw«BI« •7l»3?
• •»:f»i>% ArlsaUfl Kspwi* Ugrlmi ami Kaat "•¦»**»
?»:«>«»* >iJe#, Tr.*cy. •^•hrop, Siocitoa «Ui».>a
j 'Billil* San .(oar. Literature, HUMkbai,
lime. Hacraniifiitu. I'l^ciTilile.
M»rjiitiSt<>. t;bi«i. I>.1 i:iuir •¦IjI»i»
•»:3»>» (!»'.,! ir. C'hllltfS9 (frjr YaaeZT.it>:).
rtoiiur*. CitrtEra. .7 .2*
•9:O«» Hajvnwd*. Mir* »utt Wsf MtoUoe*. "ll:***
•ttsUOA Lo* Aujelci EiprsiM — Martii.Mt.
Truer. l*:<itnp. (ixjektoa, il-rctil
Prcsnu «tiil Lea Ansa'es "7tM»W
•t»sa»» v»ii^)... M.irii:,-/. ..,, , w *r -it«tioii« *»i*-»r
•IO:oua Thn OrerUntl Llrr.l-.e.l— OK'ieu. Uou-
T»:r, O.i.»h». liiicagu *3»l»r
*11:OOa 1,'ilrs, h;.«:-.r. mi, (taaruBenkN Min-
tl.iu. ».-\<>. i: is,fi.i.i. VbalU,
l"..rt^.'»ii;« *l2l3r
•X »;OH» LtTerm-vrn. Sun^-r Cn-hnn June-
ti hi. Hik.-nti -iii, I.< ¦» Augeisa
•l'i:Oi»M HaywarJs. NilMaud W47 nu;lonj. *Sj»T»
tl:Ot>r-«*iT»rni'!it.> Ititrr ,Sie*mrra |5:0iU
•:::««p H lywarU. Nli^« ami Way KUtioiis. •Sil^f
• J:tMi k . Uwthwc, s^.i i;,», „.,,.. V«ll«)o.
N-ii'-i. Ci«:''-- • •<». rh»nl» lt«u *i»ii 5 *
?I:ui»r B-nicia. NViniers. Hacr*iuanlo,
V,'.,,. !!a, : ,: t Kn1 K bt)i Ijuidlug.
M»r;«fi:ie, Onuille *l«i|.l»
•l:n(»rNile«..S»u.l.me*)nlSt<.(;ktoo •7»13»
•5:«OpT1i« «>wl Limited— Tracy. T><Mno.
; lUken>fi«UI. Saugiw (or riant;* i:»i-
nar». Lwi Au^clcs 'Iftil^i
•¦liOOpStocktoa # »zl34
•5:0UrKew Orlcaa* Ki ; «i3-i;»>rV.!.I.
UkiUk l!»rh«r», Iam Aninlca, J)nu-
Ing, Rl I'uo, 2; aw Orleaua »n4
li*»6 *7:n«
•0:«Op HaywMili, Nile* »ud H*u Josa *7tf \\
f8:0Ur VhIIbji. Ma..* i
¦U:UUrOn°eDUl Mail— Ogifen ' " Che jecaa. Y
Omaha. Chlcnjo HliHi
*«:O«r Oriental -Mail— Ogdan. Denier.
Omah*. Chie»«r>. \ 't-.i'.r
•7:fl0r NUes, Twcy, L»»hrop, 8tocktoa. . , . •l»:13p
J7:«0p Vallrju, 1'ort t'o«U ».;a Waj 8ta-
tioua 'O:'> ~> t
•SiOSp Oregon and C&ltr»rui* i:^trr-«,'s«V-
iKinciitii. Marr*Till«. Heililing.
I'ortlKii.?. 1'iiitet Simii.iI nn.l r H ,i. Hi)5 t
COAST DITIHIO9 (Narroit (.4u K e).
(footi.f M»rk"t Stre«t.» > ,~2 1
J7i-43a Sar.ta Cmz Kxcursion Jor Mont*
Cruz and Frmeipal Way StatioaB {S:O3y
•8:1.1a Newark, CentiTi iiie.iSAiiJosu, fpttmi.
l!oii!derC'rre!(,&aut!i Cruz and Way
HUtiona »««ao»
fSitSr Kewark. Centervllle. H*n .1, ae. New
Almaden. Folton. lliiuJtlsr Crank.
Santa Cruz ani Trinclpal v,'*>
StaMous..... *l<ti."K>t
•4:1.1p Newark, Han Jose, l.e* Gatot t*'^°*
qt:l.1p GlenwooA Felton. Santa Cruz »W:.V»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSH fglXClSCO— Fast of Mirkit Strut (Sli> »)—
?7:15 900 ll:00i.a. tt83 *2:33 13.33
M:C3 t!:C3 *9:0ar.u.
rirai:)!lU3-?itli!3n.i«i.--(i.0l) 8:00 10:00*. H.
t!2:S3 *l:i3 t::33 *3::3 tiI3 '3::3p.>I.
to as r division (Bread Gam).
(ThlrJ i«i,ii Towii8ei.d SU)
? «:IOa Ocean Vietr, South »>u Kr»ucf<ci>.. t«:3uc
t7:O»A rtiii Josa kh<1 Way 3t.ttl.»is (^*ew
Aliiiad*-n Weilne*a»j«otily) •UZOt
f7:liO\ Sanday Exciirsioa f r San Joto.
Siiita Cmz, Padflo Groto and
1'iiiiCi; U Way Stations {Si33r
•OiOO* Han .).i»«. Tr<M l'iuos. M»iitit Cruz.
Fadile Oroia. 1'aso KnUlea. San
l.uii ()lii«p.), Bitrf. Loicpoc ami
l'rlnclpal W»r SUMtnw - MslO?
MOi irn 8an Josa an<] \7*y Statioua MiSSa
•ll:Sii. HKuJi»m,I.osCa.toa»ml\Va)SUtlona *SiUOy
t«:>3rS>n M»v.j. li,-,lwo.>l. Mcnla Park.
l'alo Alto. Manta Clara, .San .lima,
TiL-i Finos. HanU Crux. Salinas,
Moutei«-» ami Tacilie (irova nOilfl A
ta : 3Op San .loiti and Wai Htationa •7j3(. 1 -
44tl3r San Jo*e an. I Principal \V»y Station. •»-. I.I4,
t3:OOr San Joa<>. Tjna Gatoa aad Principal
Way Stations tftsOO*
•3:»Or aa:i.l.;«-i auJ Principal Way SUtloua t <:::•" 1
•C::iop San Joss a:iJ Way Statiom »t:»« k
»l:4.'.r 3an .Toa^ an.l Way Statl»M» «7:3<> •
A for Moruinc. 1* fur Afternoon.
*Datiy. t Siuuilay axeeptoo. J Suuday only.
6 .Saturday only.
a Sataiday and Sand»* e Monday only. 41
; CALIFOBMA NORTHWESTESH RT. CC~
SAH FRAHGISG9 AHD NORTH PACp
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlturon Ferry, Foot ot Mariet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN T^vyAEX.
VEEK DAYS— 7:S3. J:00. 1J:C!) a. m.; U.rS.
SCO. 6:10. 6:30 p. B- Thursdays— Kxtra tr.->
tt 11:30 tj. m. S&turd&jrs— Estra trlsa ax l.-J
¦ nd 11:20 d. m.
6UNDAYS-S:C0. »:30. 11:00 a. o.; 1:30. l::j.
6:C0. S:20 a. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DAIS- 6:13. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:13.
3:40, 5:15 p. in. Saturday* — Extra, txipa ».
1:£5 and G:33 d. m.
SUNDAYS^8ao. 9:M. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. t:tO m
5:03. 6:2; r. ra.
Between dan Francisco and Sctiuetz«a X*artt
nuu achedule aa above.
Leava j In Effect. I Arrtro
gan Francl«eo. [Apr. 15, 1900.J San Tnnciaco.
'Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wmi
IUys. I days, f Destination.! days. | Eiyi,
T:30am 8:00 am Novata. 10:40 arr.l t:4aar|
1:30 pm 9:30 am Pet&lumi, 4:05 pm llO:» am
g:19pm 5:00 pin Sacta Rosa. 7:3S pra[ a:3q pn\
Fulton. I
T:I0 am Windsor. 10:3 »—>
Healdsburf.
Lytton.
Geyaervllla.
S:S0 pni 8:M am Cloverdale. 7:J3 pr. 1^0 pea
7:30 am! I Hopland I pfl:Z5 ar>
1:30 pm, 8:00 amf and Uiiah. I 7:S3 pm! i:V> p:;»
7:30 am 10^5 ara
S:C0 tm Oucrnevllle. T:J3 j>m
»:to pm >:» pr»
J:3J»m 8^0 ami Sonoma 9:15 ara %:U> &~h
and B
K:10 prn 5:00 jn' Clan El'in. 6:05 pa (:9> prri\
7:J0 ani! 8:00 ami 110:40 am[10:J5 nr» i
1:80 prn| 5:C0 pral Bebastopol. 1 7:35 pm| 8:30 ya»y_
Etaces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark v. ,^r }j
Springs and White Bulphur Sprtngs: at B"ulto-a
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; &a
Ceyservllle for Skasza Springs: at Clov«rdal»
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Pprtnjrs, KelaeyvlllaL Carls-
bad Springs, Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartle"t
Sprlnza; at XTkiah for Vichy Springs, Bar&tocav
Fprtngs. Blua Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. Wlttap
Bprlncs. Upper Lake. Porno, Pott»r Va!l?r.
John Day^B, Rlrerstde. Lierley**. Bndcaen'a.
8«nhe<3rln Heights, HullvlUs. Orr*a Hot,
Bprinss. Mendoclno City. Fort Brasrir. Wast-.
port. ITial. Wllllts. LaytonvUIe, CAcnmlns.
Bell's Sprinss, Harris, OUen's. I>yer. ScctUk,
and Eureka.
Saturday to Ucnday round trtu tfekats ai
reduce'l rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip ticket* t» all jK>fci4
tevonrl San Rafael at half rates.
TVket office. «C0 Market St.. Oronfcta bWs,
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RTAN.
General Mar.as-r. Cen. Paas. Agent.
I30RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.,
Via Sausallto f*rry.
Cimmenclnc April H. V3Q*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET'
AND SAN RAFAEL.
•WEEK DAYS— 7:00. M:30. S:3J. 11:0* a. B.|
12:45, «1:45. »:1S, 4:15. »3:15, 6:15, «:40 9- m.
EXTKA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Y/ednejUaya, Saturdays,
and Sundays, at S:0O and 11:33 p. m.
Kr\DAYSlM» *S:0O. »3:00. «W:C0. 11:09. ll:»
a. mV: U:|T*iV30. *^. '3-*- 8:W - * :0 * J »
P *ll?00 a. m. does not rua to Saa Rafaal Sua*
"v!iin« marked (•) ran to San Quentln.
FROM PA\RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
tn-^M 115 ; S'U hiSO. *:30. 6:30 p. m.
p»tba TRIF9 on llondays. v/cdnesdara
and -oturdayi at •«:« and tS.Vi p. n.
irviHY* -Vl3 '3:00. »3:5O. 'U:Wn. ra.: n3:(»
mf^llS: =:15, »3:». •:». *i=«. «•««. '-20. WOJ
P T^*in« narked (•) start from San Quentln,
PPOmMTm. VALLEX 1 TO SAN FRANCISCCV
WTTK DATS-i:B. «:«. «:«>• «:S3. W:iO *.^
„ 1 !3. l:«. 3:30. 4:50. 5:=0 p. m. V
EXTRA TRirS on Mo T d i l >'?i WeUn=s^ 7a |
and Patiirdaya »t 7:10 and 10:10 p. m. %
l-»» 2^0 «:«. * :•'¦'. « :15 - 7:C3 - '<»:33 P. a. *
1™J. *¦*<¦• xhroCGU TRAIN'a
7:00 a. ra. weeS days— Cazadero and way sta-
U lf5 p. «• Saturday*— Ca=adero and way at*.
l"l5 P ra. weekdays (Saturdays except*!)—
Point Reyes «nd way stations.
g:0O a. ra. Buadays— Cazrdero and way «ta.
12M5 p. ex. Sundays— Point Reyea aad wa*
•tatlons, "
SANTA F"E ROUTE
TRAINS. «
MARKET-bTKEET FEJIUY.
Leave: Overland: Dally forChlca- Arrive; *
ko. Kansas. City. Denver
and all Kastern points.
Kl Pa3o. City oi Mex-
ico, Prescott and l'ho»-
r.ix. Aria.. BakiTsfU-ld.
I a. ra. Vtealla. Tulare, Han- « p. ra.
ford. Fresno. Merced,
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stccfctoa
and BakersSeld. |
Stockton Local: For Sani
4:10 p. m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay'!U:05a. jh.
Point, Cornwall. Antl-
och and Stockton. j
ISakprsfleirt Local: For San
' Pablo. Pintle, ilulr. Day
Point. Cornwall, Antl- *• , ,
1p.m. och.' Stockton. Merced, » a -ftj t
Fresno, Hantord. Visa- »V^
Ha. Tutar» and Bakers- -/,
field. Sleepers to Fresno
and EakersfleM.
TICKET OFFICES: OS Market at.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market «t.. San JTraaclseo.
HIS Broadway. Oakland.
IC^Frlendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attt-.nd the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7 Madison avenue, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Rose's Church, Brannan
street, between Fourth and Fifth, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
SEIFKE— In tills city. August 10. 19C0. Ruth A.,
beloved daughter of Herman and Amelia
Seifke, and granddaughter of Mrs. M. Echgel-
meier. a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
11 months and 21 days.
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dav
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 27 Hoff avenue, between Mis-
sion and Valencia, Sixteenth and Seventeenth
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
SKELLY— In this city. August 9. 19C0. John R..
dearly beloved husband of Amelia D. Skelly,
father of James D. Gus O., Josephine A. and
Edward D. Skelly, and brother of Frank P.
Ekelly, Mrs. Sarah Crozier, Mrs. Eliza Mc-
GlouRhlln. Mrs. Galleta and the late Mrs.
Annie McGinn and Thomas Skelly. a native
of Dublin. Ireland, aged 5S years.
ID^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 226 Dolores street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
¦ Cemetery. .
WARTO— In this city, August 11, 1900, Fred-
rick, beloved husband of Henrika Warto,
y father of Peter F. and Adolph Warto, brother-
JJ iii-law of Mrs. E. Lam pa and Adolph Asmus-
ren, and grandfather of Peter J. Warto. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 6S years 3 months and
4 da;-s.
ZEIMER— In this city. August 11. 1500. Daniel,
beloved husband of Lizzie Zeimer, and father
of Isidor, Gilbert, Albert and Hattle Zeimer,
a native of Austria, aged 46 years.
KNIGHTS and Ladles of Honor— The Grand
Lodge and members of the order will meet to
attend the funeral of P. P. Daniel Zeimer. a
charter member of G. L., to-morrOw (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at 1404 Ellis street.
iC. T. WHITTEN. G. P.
H. W. QUITZOW. G. S.
- dence, 33 California avenue. Interment Cy-
, press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from ; Thirtieth street.
MURPHY-^Aurust 11. 1300. William, beloved
son of the late John and Mary S. Murphy,
and brother of Frankie. Kosle and Sarah Mur-
Phy. the late Kittle Murphy and Mamie mc-
Coy. a native of San Francisco, aged 2'J years.
PARK-In this city. August 9. 1900. William
Jay, beloved husband of Caledonia Park,
father of Lloyd L. Park and Mrs. C. N. Flem-
ing, and grandfather of Violet Pearl Flem-
ing, a native of Ohio, aged 61 years 7 months
and 1 day. . .
ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
' lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street, in-
terment National Cemetery.
LIBERTY Post No. 133 G. A. R.— Members are
requested to attend the funeral of our late
comrade, William J. Park, from the under-
taking parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy
street, this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. By
order of the Post Commander. MERSHQN
PRIEST— In this city. August 10, 1900. Emma,
beloved daughter of Samuel B. and Hattle M.
Priest, and sister of Frank G.. Samuel F. and
Alice Priest, a native of Suisun, Cal.. aged
13 years 7 months and 2 days.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, from the residence of the parents.
62V Xatoma street, thence to Centrals M. E.
Church, Mission street.' between Sixth and
Seventh, for services. Interment Cypress
. Lawn Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city. August 9. 1300, James,
beloved son of Owen and Alice Reilly of Mar-
tinez, and brother of Mrs. J. P. Mulcrevy,
Mrs. F. A. Hasltell. Mrs. J. P. Conway, Mrs.
Katie -Walsh and Paul and Owen Reilly, a
native of Boston. Mass.. aged 49 years.
Ish-Nav York Stock Market.
NEW TOKK. Aur. II.— There waa a rise to
day tn the prlco of St. Paul and Omaha of S'i
over that of yesterday on a single transaction.
American Tobacco pa!n<»<l J»i. Republic Steel
as much and Pullman ju. L,ea<i preferrHl lost
7U In addition to yesterday's i}$ point decline
¦without any news to explain the movement
**,^>-ond roports of iwjor business. The common
A'-ock fell 1«4 to the lowest price on record.
'Jgi'jpar fii3vancr><l a point In th»s mornlAir on
buying attributed to covering of an lm:x>rtant
o-Jtetandlne eliort a<vujt:jit forced to cover by
tlie operation of a bull pool la the Block. - Most
cf the p.-iln was lost In the late dealings. -These
cunijTii-u the only morements v.orth Individual
EASTERN MARKETS.
Stmr Oleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Tup Tatoosh. Bailey. Port Blakeley, wlti
Bhi;> John Knn In tnw.
Ship John Ena. Madsen. Port Blakeley. la
tow of tus Tatoosh.
• Schr North Bend, Jackson. Columbia River.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Johannsen. .
Schr Volant. Ericsson. Grays Harbor.
Sohr Marlon. Topfer. Tacoma.
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel. Siualaw River, la
tow of stmr Cleone.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. AUK 11. 10 p m— Weather
lossy: wind SW. velocity 11 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Br *blp City of Hankow, at Honolulu, from
Newcastle. Aus. July 27— On July 14 vessel raa
Into a hurricane, during which rudder head was
twisted.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
MEHUKONA— Arrived July 23— Brig. Harriet
G hence June 2ti; scbr Allen A. from Hllo
Sailed July 23— Brig Harriet O. for Saa Fran
cisco. July 27— Schr Allen A. for San Fran
clsco. 1
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 11, at 10 a
m— Btmr Grace Dollar, hence Aug 7.
BOWEN3 LANDING— Sailed An* 11— 8chr
Newark, for San Francisco; scbr Corinthian,
for San Francisco. .jflan
Continued on Page TMrty-Elght.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, Bocaport.
gtmr State of California. Ptnons, Astoria.
Stmr Cnty of Peking. Smith, Honolulu, Yoko
hama and Hongkong. • .
Stmr Orizaba. Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Despatch. Johnson, Grays Ilarbor.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Mac^enn. southern coast.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfieth. Crescaat City.
SAILED.
Saturday. An^ust II.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolaon. San Pedro.
Stmr We*toort. Ericsson. Bear Harbor. ,
CLEARED.
Saturday. Ausrust 11.
• Stmr City of Peking. Smith., Honolulu. Yoko
hama and Hongkong; Pacific Mall S3 Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea. Eureka; Ooodall. Per
kins & Co. ¦-¦«-.'
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. Ban DIegro;
Goodall, Perkins &. Co.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Johnson. Karluk;
Hume Bros & Hnme.
Stmr Xavarro. Jensen, 20 hours from Tfest
port. *
Bi stiar Gaelic. Finch. Z3 days 4 hours from,
Hongkong, via" Yokohama 17 days lS^i hours,
via Honolulu 6 days 14*i hours.
Schr Jara«s Rolph, Dedrick. 3S days from
Honolulu.
Saturday. August 11.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Zl hours from
Stmr Santa R<>sa. Alexander. «1 hours from
San Dlexo. etc.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAII*
Following were the sales In the Pacific Sto^k
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Secslon.
300 Best & Belcher. l»r 300 Savage .. 13
10O Chollar 14 200 Sierra Nevada* M
100 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Silver Hill r»
150 Con Cal & V.I «H' 100 Silver Hill.."" 53
COO Mexican ....... ._ 2*| 200 Yellow Jacket." 2C
SCO Mexican ....... 28 600 Yellow Jacket. 23
-200 Ophlr ..'..1 H' - •
120 Honokaa 30 00
?.-i,t;i;o Los Angelea Hallway 5a bonda IOC 0O
$3, CCO Sacramento El Gas & R R 5s 95 50
ICO S F Gas & Electric Co 51 go
Ji20 U S 3s bonds (coup) 103 50
¦ Street—
S10.CCO Oceanic Steamship bonds log 0O
$4,000 S P of A bonds m jo
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHAXGE.
Board— *
1C0 Caribou .' /«
Street-
SCO Caribou ;.-.. 10
. MINING STOCKS.
, Following were the rales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 18 100 Ophlr' .... «.
100 Belcher 15 M)O Sierra Nerada* *»
1C0 Caledonia " 73 6C0 Silver H 111 * m
• 100 Mexican ....... IS 400 Yellow Jacke"t! II
SATURDAY. Aug. 11-12 m.
Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup..H4HH5H
4s do reg m&ltttt
4s do cp new.. 132 132H
sS qu;ir cuup..lOb\llU'/s
Miiscellaneuus —
Cal-et Cab 5s..llKH — '
C C Water 58.. 10*^4 —
Ed L & P b^.lZ/vj —
F & Cl R>' 6s.. 115 —
Geary-st R 5s. — ' 99
H C & S 5Us. — —
Do fs — l ft *
L A Ry 5s 106 IOC's
LA UU 63. — —
Do Kntd 6s.. — —
; L. A cntd 5s.. 100 —
L A P it R 5s. — —
Market-st 6s... 12? —
Do 1st *I 5s.lli»il20
N C N U It 7s. — —
N R of Cal 63.113 —
Do 5s — 1U
MHCRH 6S.101 -
Do Es 106 107
N Cal Ky 5»..ll»i —
Oak G L & H.1U 112
Oak Trail «s..H5%117U
Oak W Cogtilis — 103
Oceanic S Co .106 107
Om C Ry (a... 127 1S»
P & Cl Ky «s.l"J^i —
P & O R R 6*.U5 —
Powell-st R «s.l20 —
Pac El GA-RSs. 99 ml
S F & S.IV 5a.U9UU9%'(
e< It of Cal ii--.Hl 111':
S P of A «s... 111*4112
b P C 6mLiU). — 111 1
Do (1306) .... — 1125, !
Do «m:> usu — 1
fPRClst trtnSs. — •- ;
S P P.r 6s — 133«4 1
S V Water 6s. .IIS — 1
Do 4s ........102»il03 <
Do 3d mts.-JtC — 1
Etocktn Obs Sa WVi —
Water Stnckr—
Contra Costa.. W}4 63% r<
Marln ( ntmtv. 5t) — j:
Spring Valley. — 95 <
Uas & Klevtrlc — !
Tent O Xc I. Co — — jl
Cent L & PCo" 4'.i SUM
Bid. Ask.
Eqult O I.. Co. 3H 3%
Mutual El Co. 10 11 .
O G L. & H.... — 50
Pac Gas Imp.. tl\ 50
Pac L, Co 44W —
sac KIO*PCo. 25 —
3 F G & E S1H 51%
:>an lranclscu. a »•?
: lkn O & E Co 10 —
lnrvrance —
Firem's Fund. 227 —
Hank Stork* — -
Anslo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
saint ot Cat.. — —
"al S D & T..101'S —
First Natlonl.275 —
Lon P * A.....VUM —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
N'ev Xat' Dk.. — —
Savlnrs Banks —
Ger S & L...1S9O —
Hum S & 1... — —
Mut Eav Bk.. 45 —
f» F Sav U....M3 —
l-av & L. So... 74 78
Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Union T Co.... — —
Street Railroads-
California ....123 —
'"•'nry-rt SO —
Market-st 64'; 63
II B L(S H —
Presidio — 22Ji
Powder Stocks—
California ....IRS 1«H
Giant Con Co. 83 S«
VKorlt SH 3H
8Uiar Stock* —
Hana S P Co. 7T4 SU
Haw C & S Co S7 —
Hcnokaa S Co. 30 SOU
Hutch S P Co. 15 2S^
Kllauea SP Co 20U —
Makaweli S Co 44?« 41'i
Onomea 8 Co. 2i» 17
Paauhau S Co. 30?^ 30>£
M l«cr 1 la neouii —
Al Pack AssallS H3>i
Ca] Fruit Assn 91\ —
Mer Ex A«sn. §7 ion
Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
Fae A F A.... 2 —
Pac C Bor ColJO —
Par Paint Co.. 12 —
Mornln: Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water... «S 12'A
33 Contra Costa Water us 23
15 Fireman's Fund Insurance 227 CO
140 Olant Powder Con 8500
.* ; ¦ — *
For Saturday a fair business waa done on the
Bond Exchange. Contra Costa Water was firm
er at $69 12 I ,i'g60 23. There waa a sale of Fire
man's Fund Insurance at 1227.
There was nothing doing In the oil stocks.
The La Fortuna Gold Mining Co. has declared
the regular monthly dividend of 10c, payable
now.
The regular monthly dividend of 75c per share
by the Alaska Packers' Association will be
paid to-morrow.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
NOTE — In the abov« exposition of the tide*
the early mornlne tides are jrlven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the crder of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column rives the second tide cf
the day the th r<J time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column givea tha
la»t tide of the day. except when there ar« but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
itlven ar# In addition to the soundings on th<»
ITntted Ptates Coast Survey charts. exeet>t
when a mlnu-i slsru {—) precede* the h»trht.
«nd then the number given Is subtracted from
the d»pth given by the charts. The plane of
reference I* the mean of the lower low water".
--... LIYKRrOOL. -
. Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Qpenlna; 6 1H 821,
Closing '. 6 H4 6 2>»
PARIS. •
Wheat — . Aujr. Nov.-Feb.
Openin; V> 30 21 60
CloFinu 20 13 21 E5
Flnur— " •
Opening 26 10
Closing 20 05 ' 27 S5
SUNDAY. AUGUST 11
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and I.o-r
¦Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hUh and low waters occur at
the city front <Misslon-»treet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrocraphlo Office, U. 3. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Ca!..
August 11. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C O. CALKIN'3.
L.l<^jtenxnt Commander. V. S. N.. In charg".
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Artzora-Fair Sunday.
Fan Francisco nnd vlcln!ty-Falr. warmer
Bundny: lipht northerly chanrlnc to fresh wes
terly wind*. AL.EXANI>r.n G. McADlE.
Forecast Official
m
*_ — -*
FORECAST,
¦j-j;, prpesure has risen ever the country west
of the Iiookv Mountain*. An area of low pres
sure Is movinr In over Oreg-on and
ton. "Tli* uiFUal Eumm»J- low overlies the valley
cf the Colorado.
The U mperature continues low over the entire
country wcit of the Rocky Mountains. In the
Ban Joaquin Valley the temperatures are about
12 derree* twlnw the normal. Ilaln ia falling
over Northern WgshinBton. an1 a thunder stonu
Is rennjtci! at Fpokar,?.
Forr-cayt miide at Han Francisco for thirty
hours cr.d'ne midnlsbt, August 12:
Northern California — 1'air, warmer Sunday;
llgrfct ncrtbetly winds.
BouthTn Caiiforr.la— Fair Sunday; !!*ht wei
tcrly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
i:tch— Fair Sunday.
O*Mh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Aug. 11—5 p. m.
Tr;e folloirtne maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
PuitKa CIx>s Anselea ",%
Fresno '•-- M'Karramento so
Mt TamaJjieJs CS Independence g4
Red Bluff .: 6* San t>ieg-o TO
Ban L«uls Oblspo — 72
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO; m.riin.um, C4; mean, C7.
WTEATHEB COXI3ITIOKS AXD GEXEHAL
Weather Report.
Government receipts for the month of July
cos: pare as fellows:
1«39. 1900.
Customs $:S.S71.4M $19.SC2.272
Internal revenue £s.JC2.L75 n,i<C0.e83
Miscellaneous 2.7G0.223 2,«9:.2C0
Totals SiS, 154,215 J4?,9j5.161
The expenditure* for the fame month com-'
Iiere as Icllcws:
1559. 1900.
Civil IU.S03.4M I12.20S.5W>
V.'ar UJH.CM 1S.M.-.124
Navy 5/«0,245 5.318.674
Indians E71.7St S56.443
Pensions 12.S25.675 11.S16.344
Interest S.17$,S45 4.72S,i57
Totals CX.SC1,C3O $53,373,653
The Incorr.e and outgo since January 1 has
te«n aa follows:
Income. Outiro.
In l>fX) t233.966.C39 J277.891.620
In 1ES3 ilS.3CJ,Z76 224. 426,23.1
The Circulation.
Accorilr.gr to a Treasury statement, the money
tn circulation In the United States on Auirust 1
¦waF as follows:
.Gold coin JC2.34S.1CS
Silver dollar* \ CS.70S.341
Email silver 76.541,200
Gold certificates 207.&IS.40S
Silver certificate? 410.S57.29I
Treasury notes 72, ( CE,94:)
tTnlted States notes 217.S10.S r .l
Currency certificates 2.SSO.OO0
National bank note* SU.037.165
Total $2.CS7.3o3.40S
In lt'.t 1.S31. 117,204
Increase J 156.236.204
IXirlnK the month of July there was a net
Increase of $7,400,000 in the amount of pold coin
In circulation- There was a net increase of
12.000.000 in -liver certificate?. National bank
notes show a net incrf-ase cf about 111,000,000
and crecfitacks of $;.200,ooo.
Gavernmcnt Balance Sheet.
For <*h:na— 30 *ks Ivans. .T>0 bbls l->eef. 2.".S9 cs
car.neo (Dods, 2v cs rbeese. IS cs dried fruit. S01
pkga dried f.sh. U pkgs el«^trlcat k*x5p. 2S1.O
«ais bottled beer. S cs haniware. CCIn bbls flour.
Z12 bxs fruit. US pkys groceries ai!<l r'rovisior.s.
j' c? oil. S cf jihoto jroods. 20"> fix? ;w?arl bariey.
26 pigs lead. 45 <•«= salmon, S cr fr^wing riachineF.
C'J hsiles seaweed. SQ cs typewriter*, 19 j'kjrs
trunks. 'M pijjs tin. 904 gals wine. luOl ctls
•rfacac.
Kor Manila — 45 crs bicycles. S cs p»p»r, 2C0 cs
pair.t, 36 Jtegs lead. 20 bbls oil. 10 cs lye. 600 lbs
lard. C* t'ks malt. 4 pke-s marhlnerj-. 10 bbl*
fure eplritfi. 6 cs ty-pew-rlter*. 260 cf wine, 1000
crs onior.f. K« crs lotatot*. ISC cs canned goods,
Jl cash reciMen=.
Fcr Kast Indies— 3 cs wine. SS ca salmon, 154
cs canned e< <*.s.
For Kcr*a— i» fkes njachinery-
Tor Ja;:an-11.4:? pals alrohol. SO roll« belt
!ng, 6K 1 I.^jIb beef. 1CS crs bicycles and sur.<iriei>.
10 cs confectionery, S5 rs canned goods, 120 c*
CrUil fruit, pkgi clecoieil ro<j<is. 1% bbls ex
tract, 41S pkgs {rrocfcries anl pruvision^, IS cs
fcar<!-»-are. 12:2 lja;*>s hay, 21 cs lamps. IZ~ r k ?s
machlneir. T.0 kegs oleomargarine. 133 rolls
leather. £> libls extract. 7 c« rubber goods,
2i,C15 lbs ehect lecd. TA'i bxs soap, 26.S42 ft lum
ber, 7 <•« notions. 17 os paint, SSii lbs soda, 4400
*ra!s wine. 4 > -l bdls thooks. S cs typewriters, Al-i
hiLKB «ifctf. 22 reels wire cal.le.
The Fteamer City of I'eklng palled yesterday
{or Chir.a and Japan, with a cargo of general
merchandise, valued as follows: For China.
t7*,4rj: Japan. JfJb.04<t; Manila. J1K.C3S: East In
dies. tCTl: Knrra, *.'1<<: Vladtvoatock. tZC3. Total
value. lULSSl The following were the princi
paJ fhlpnier.ts:
Merchandise for the Orient.
Receipts cf Wine csA Brandy at this port
during the first seven nn.r.tha cf the year were
** follows, compared with the same time !a*t
Tear: Wine. k.433.6<x) jcai!on5. against y.?2;.400;
jBrar.fiy, \'^.,T1^ jrallor.s, p.pain»t 1I3.720.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
The City c? Peking to k out a treasure list
of $2i?.se2. consisting of t;4«.«97 in Mexican dol
lars, J1C65 In gold- coin and flOS.OOG In silver
DUliicn.
Treasure Shipment.
Local back clearir&s lust week were J1S.1M.-
CSS, aralast j3e.S06.13t for the seme w?ek last
year.
Bank Clearings.
T*« Lir.Cf.eM loa.4s lumber »t Burrard Inlet
for London, prior to arrival: the Passepartout,
lumber on Pugtt Sound fcr BTtoer. 42a Cii, rrlor
to arrival.
Charters.
* : : — ; — : —^
CHICAGO. Aug.' 11.— Sentiment among 'wheat
traders " at the opening . of that v market was
not very pronounced either way and the open
ing was rather tame at 76@76*ic for September,
yesterday's' closing price ; being ¦ 76o.' ' There
was perhaps disappointment - over ! the Govern
ment crop report. . whl«h was not bo bullish as
expected, ¦ but this waa offset: by. the continued
hot weather and ihowers In: the . Northwest,
NF.W VORIC, Aug. 11.— Trading waa very
rmall in the market for evaporated apples, and
the undertone was no better than quiet. State
common. 37?5c; prime, 4%0«Uc; choice,'- 'o\i'&
6c; fancy. 6*4®7c. California dried fruits, quiet
and steady. v . . ¦
I'RUNES— 34S"c per pound, . as to size and
quality. - - .
APKICOTS— Royal, lliSiec; Moorpark. 15017c
PEACHES— Peeled, 14ffl8c,' unpeeled, 6@9c. '
DRIED FRUITS
NEW TORK. 'Aug. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12. c: 2 barrels; exports, 14,967 barrels; rales, 47CO
packaces; market weak and nominally r>@10e
lower. Winter patents, S3 95@4 13; winter
straights, $3 GGtfS 75; Miniftsota patents, Jl 10
©4 45; winter extras. $2 70*33; Minnesota bak
ers'. $2 3()!53 3T»; winter low grades, ?2 40Q2 70.
WHEAT— Receipts, 44,400 bushels; exports.
95,9Gj bushels; Bales, 1,850,000 ' bushels futures.
400.CC0 bushels spot. Spot weak. No. 2 red. 82V4c
"f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79^Jc elevator;: No. 1
Northern Duluth, 84>4c f. o. b. afloat.
Options declined activity during the forenoon
under heavy sales for long account, following
a break in corn and lower cables, closed weak
at %?j%c net decline: September closed 80V4c;
December, S2!g82 3-lSc, closed 82',ic
' HOPS— Steady; 1S39 crop. State, 10^13c; old,
2;c. Pacific Coast 1S99 crop, 10@l3c; old. 23c.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 23 pounds,
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 23@2Sc; Texas,
COPPER— Dull: brokers'. $16 CO.
LEAD— Dull: brokers'. $4.
TIN PLATE— Dull. ; - -
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 3S4c;
mild, quiet; Cordova,' nominal. Futures closed
»-teady. C(gl5 points net decline. Total sales,
ll.O.'X) bass. Including: August. $7 75:-Septem
ber. $7 85; November, $S; December. $S 10S8 13;
March. $S 25@S 30: May IS 33(88 40.
SUG All-Raw, flrm; fair refining, 4%05 l-iGc;
centrifugal. 96 test. -4%c; molasses sugar, 44J
4 11-lSc. Refined, flrm; No. C, 5.55c; No. f.
5.4:c; No. S, 5.33c; No. 9, 5.35c; No. 10. 5.20c;
No. 11, 5.20c: No. 12. 6.15c; No. 13, 5.10c; Xo.
It. 5.10c; standard A, 6.90c; confectioners' A,
5.9<Ve; mold A, 6.S5c; cut loaf, 6.50c; crushed,
6.50c; powdered. 6.20c; granulated, 6.10c; cubes,
0.25c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2647 packages; firmer;
creamery, 1702OHc; current packed factory, 14
filGc. . ¦ •
• KGGS— Receipts. 14.382 packages; quiet. East
ern at mark, Ugl3}4c; average lots; Western
losrt off, 15%c., • .
. iVrxc York Grain and Produce.
CLOSING. .
LONDON. Aug. 11.— Atchison. 27T«: Canadian
Pacific. 89%: Union Pacilic preferred. 77V4;
Northern Pacific preferred, 73',6; Grand Trunk,
6H; Anaconda. 8%.
Bar allver, quiet, 28d per ounce.
Money, 3% i>er ctnt.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business In the markets here to-day was ftill
meager, but the tone was Improved on contin
ued bear covering, which was stimulated by
the present progress being made by Lord Rob
erts' forces in the Transvaal. Americans were
flrm, making fractional gains.
TIntos were strong and Anacondas made sym
pathetic response.
London. Market.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $lc.O,OCfl,000 gold reserve, in the
division of redemption shows: Available cash
balance, $141,355,307; gold, t72.625.300.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YOniC, Aug. 11.— The Financier
?ays: The cold exports of the week
liav? net nffecte.i the weeiclyj yhowinr ot
the Now York banks to ar.y extent, but It Is
nevertheless true that the JS.jOO.COO of specie
shij inent, less about |L 401,060 received in opera
tions with th<:- interior. mu«t have depleted re
serves cor>sld( raM;-, nr.d th-_ra 1^ reason' for
bellevinp that n?xt week's averase will reveal
a decided fallfnc off In cash holdings. In fact.
If the c-x:-orts of the next few days come un
to estimates, the surrlus reserve of the banks
will po below $:0,0>i.n.H) by a fair marcln.
Against th» losses sustained, the receipts from
the \Ve>t mu.-t. of course, be considered, but as
the crop season is at hand, it is only natural to
look for a Row of money to interior points for
the rerr.aindt V of the month and September.
There is no indication of FJringency in this.
On the contrary, bankers who have all alon,;
predicted higher rau-8 are wonlerinjf if they
wc-iv rot too positive In th»ir assertions. It is
l-laln to be seta, however, that th>» factors now
at work In the money market favor a stiffening
in quotations. Call money touched 1 per cent
in .V-w York last week, the lowyst of the yoiir.
The utter stagnation In speculative circle.*
makes demand only nominal nnd th<» rise of
$4,K-1S,.?OO In the loans of ih.» b.iTiks last week
appeari inconsistent. The explanation le'that
International operations lncident..to British loan
subscriptions are responsible.. The banks when
they subscribe for United States loans o'ten
class the!r allotments as loans— that Is loans
to the rovrnment — and this may have been
done indirectly now. but by the borrowing of
customers from the banks to pay for their
English bonds. The loan expansion caused
the rise in deposit*, but not to the amount that
other operations called for. The loss in cash
and Increased lepal reserve requirements are
accountable for the contraction of fl.0iS.925 In
excess reserve. Circulation is still expanding
rapidly and will continue to do so perhaps for
60 days yet.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ,
Fhares Oosinsr '
Sold. Stocks — Bid.
£.315 Atchison 26% !
l.flftj Atchipon prefd 70». i
K« Baltimore Ohio 741,,,
...:... Canadian Pacific s7 . I
Canada Siuthe rn 41 !
SIS Chtyapcake & Ohio 27'i '
Chicago Great Western ; 10 T^ I
1,210 "'hicago Hurlfncton & Qulncy 12C% |
Chicapo In<l & Ix>ulsville 20'4 I
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 51 I
«'hicaKO & Kastern Illinois &T \
ir>0 Chicago tc Northwestern 162^ :
«!hicaj.'o Hock Island & Pacific lOCVi '
C C C & St Louis 574 i
Colorado Southern ". 6 S » I
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41»i
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 112Vi
Delaware I^ack & Western 17S I
Denver & HIo Orande 1SU j
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66H !
Krie 10»i I
Krle 1st prefd 32^ j
Great Northern prefd \Z2 \
Hocking Ccal 14
Hocking Valley S3'4 j
S45 IiHnois Central 117'i 1
Iowa Central 19'i j
Iowa Central prefd • 42
Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 15'i t
L«ke Krie & Western 27'i i
I^ake Erie & Western prefd 94
Lake Shore 209
100 Louisville & Nashville 71U
VA Manhattan L, 9014
Metropolitan Street Railway V>3V,.
Mexican Central 11 '.4
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 56«.;
Minneapolis ft St Louis prefd i>4
1.1L0 Missouri . raclflc 51'£
Mobile &- Ohio 38 j
, Misseuri Kansas & Texas 9U
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 30 '
New Jersey Central 123 [
2"0 New York Central 129
2CK> Norfolk & Western 33%
....... Norfolk & Western prefd 74H ;
10O Northern Pacific B1H
Northern Pacific prefd.. 71'*
3C*» Ontario & Western 21 j
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
OreKon Railway & Nav prefd 76
422 Pennsylvania 12$%
100 Reading 16H
SCO Reading J-t prefd 59»4"
100 Reading 2d prefd 2S»i
Rio Grande Western f&
Rio Grande Western prefd M)
Bt Louis & Pan Fran 9'4
Pt Louis & San Fran 1st pr°fd f,5
Pt I»ul» &-Fan Fran 2d prefd .13% 1
Ft Louis Southwestern...' 10
lffl Ft I^ouis Southwestern prefd 26^ j
LOO ft Paul lll'i
fit Paul prefd 170
1«> St Paul & Omaha 114H
725 Southern Paclilc 23% j
Southern Railway 10%
Southern Railway prefC S1T4
Texas & Pacific »H
2,?M Union Pacific £9%
1.S40 I'nlon Pacific prefd 78
Wahafh 6%
Wabash prefd 1"%1
Wheeling & Lnke Erie f\
Wheelinir A- Lake Erie 2d prefd 23%
10O Wisconsin Central 13
Third Avenue 1M
Express Companies —
.4..... Adams 123
American 155
United States ••• *3
Wells Fanro 124
* Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil S2 I >4
American Cotton Oil 33H
American Malting 1 4M»
300 American Malting prefd 22Vj
American Smelting & Ref 36
2IS Aeir.rloan Smelting & Ref prefd SS
American Spirits IV*
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 1$V£ i
American Steel Hoop prefd 66
M0 American Steel & Wire 33»i
American Ftecl & Wire prefd 7S«« '
American Tin Plate 22%
American Tin Plate prefd 76 \
7,340 American Tohacco 9S ,
American Tobacco prefd 12S :
l r «n Anaconda Mining Company 44H ¦
4,443 Brooklyn Rapid Transit r.7"j», !
Colorado Fuel & Iron .- 35?i !
2.S«O Comlnental Tobacco 2fi ,
K>o Continental Tobacco prefd 79>,i
425 Federal Steel ..; SS% ,
Federal Steel prerd cs ,
1C0 General Electric 132
Glucose Sugar C<3\4 <
....... Olucose Suirnr prefd 09 ]
...... International Paper J2^
....... International Paper prefd r*.
....... Ijaclede Gas 75
.-„ NAtlonnl Biscuit' " 30"i
....•* National Blecult prefd s;' (
2.S70 National I^ad j^ij ,
721 National Lead prefd.... ss ,
National Steel J4U
..:.... National Steel rrefd. $4 ,
New Tork Air BraKe 134
North American jju
Pariflc Coast ..'. jj,
Pacific Coast 1st prefd gg
l'acifle Coast 2d prefd C2^t
3£0 Pacific Mall-. 301?
¦ i«) People's Gas 331
' 100 P«-K«ed St»cl Car.... .';.........- 40
Pressed St»el Car prefd.... 711;
125 Pullman Palace Civr... ...........;.. .is« =
Standard Hope & Twine....;.... nvi
13,850 Supar... 123V4
Suirar prefd... ..116
320 Tennessee Coal & Iron. .:'.....*.'. 7034
TTnlted States Leather io\i
... T'nited Ftatrs leather prefd f.svi
210 T-ipIted 'States RuMwr...;.'. .....:. !S
United Pt«t*j Rubber prffd. ...:....: 83; .
Western, Union.';.. ..-.......:...; 79!4
The TT!ir' ; :et for securities In New York was
practically raralyzod this w.-ek. Deallnc-s
'Jv.-inrtiod pro?res.=-iv.-!y until In the latter va.'t
of the VMk, th<* day's aETRrpgate of shares soM
dropped back to -flijurfs nut reached beTor.?
Fince -.lie ftarrnatlon of January, 1S?T. Th--T«s
was evtr; lr»-! lire in the bond market, thu
daily average fales having fallen cnnsiderably
below $!, (Vn.no? ra r value. Ut-yond the slight
sagKing tee4ency which is th<? natural result
of this lnar:iti.->n th«re hav» been ni Important
ohanees in prices. It would be possible to <le
ta.ll finite a Ion? y.=it of dlfTorent factors, all
jroba'olv Uavinc soiaethlnK to do with th»»
FtaKnatlon in Ftocks. Hut thesa factor? ail
convf-rgp |r. the r.'.onr;- market and it is then)
i!-.at ti.e Index must he watchet] for wincn
to point the direction of emergence from pres
ent conditions. The week hr>« been Important
for the developments toward the <vjuai!iatio:i
of thvintrrnational money market condition*.
As interest rates in New York at Present are
the chear*st In the world. It fallows that the
r>rr>co«« of oaunlizatlon will raise rates here
*vMl<? relaxirtj them elsewhere.
The lx.nJ r.ia'-ket has shown ?ome sympathy
with stocks all week. Unif-d States old 49
declined V. Uie new 4s %, the Ss U. the Ss »d
and refundins 2a.«. v/hen Issued. ',i*ln the bia
I.rice.
mention on the day's stock market. Th» sis
rlflcanee of the trarket continues purely np(ia
tive. the •'.ctemlnid restraint of the s;M-cu!a
tlon markl::s the for a solution r>( the
many ;>o!nts of uncertainty in the situation.
The bank statement conformed pretty closely
to < xrfetatlor.s, the «'X»>orts of (Old for to
day amounting to t3.t5t.0Bfl evidently not fi?
urinK In the .•tatcment. The <arli*>r px;h>-is
vr^rf orT^et liy the receipts of K'^ld from the
Pacific Coast and the currency from t'i<? in
terior fo far as to bring the deoline in cash
resour">s dor;n to less than $313,0^. It Is of
fractal Inttrest to observe that while th«;
w«-»-k'a fi::turt» of Ainrri.-an capital in foreign
Inre»til»nt has be<?n carrying out ko!<1 In ray
mr:it. frrpisn money nai-kets are still ad'lin?
to the cam at their lliating IndebUidtvn to th'.>
New York marUet. cs reiiecttd In the- loan ex
pansion, which Is made on sterling exchanso
oc.llnt.ral. further Ittrijd of g<^il art- »x-
I't<-tfHl in New York next week on account l>oih
of Klondike ar.d Australian receipt* at San
Fram-isoo. but a heavy additional outco to
Ixtr.diin is consldfrw! v/.Il assured. No author
ir.i^l announcements can be lmd of silt. ;¦• rs'
plans, but it i* credibly reported that tenUlXlva
UnasesKOta have already been made for ship
ping at lrast 13.000.000, and comv-etent esti
mates ar« made that the total will reach $10.
0O).C>-j0. This leaves any 1'aris domand out of
cmpideratlnn. th<? rls^ In the liank of Eng
land's Md for g-olrl lcavins a doubt whether any
inducement remains to *hi-i to France.
Alpha 05 04 Justice 06 07
Alta 04 C5 Kentuck 01 03
Andes n W Lady Wash.... 02 —
Belcher U i:., Mexican 17 2t
Best & Belcher. r» 20 Occidental Oft 0?
Bullion OS 04;Ophlr «3 64
Caledonia 73 73 Overman OS 0!>
Chollar 14 15 Potosl IS 1".
Challenge Con.. 19 JOIPavage 12 IS
Ccnndence *3 90'Scorpion C2 —
<"..n «'a.l ,v Va..l »•> 1 V. ,?—k Belcher 02 04
Con Imperial... 01 03 'sierra Nevada. S-< 3T»
Con New York. — 03 j Sliver Hill 57 5>
Eureka Con.... — JDiSt Louis U —
Crown Point... 14 1*: Standard 4 00 4 15
Kxchequer 01 03. Syndicate ...... 07 —
Oould & Curry. M 17| Union Con tl S3
Hale & Norcrs. 22 24lrtah OS «»
Julia — OllYellow Jacket.. 21 2»
SATURDAY. August U— 13 m,
Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Bank clearings shozu a gain over last year.
Shipment of $358,862 to China.
Wheat futures* lower. Barley dull.
Oats show a slight advance. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay steady. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans firmly held, with light stocks.
i otatocs, Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Xo change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Small stocks of Poultry at the close.
Fresh Fruit in good supply and quiet.
Dried Fruit in good shape, Apricots leading.
Provisions didl and featureless.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before.
Xo change in the Meat market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
* -— — : *
j Associated Banks' Statement.
I f I
MINING STOCKS. '
Cfi^llar 12 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point H) Ophlr 60
Con Ca! & Va 1 30 Plymouth 10
Deadwoed i 4*> 'Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 12 -Julrksllver' prefd.. 6 50
Hale & Norcross... 2" Mierra Nevada 30
Ucmeptak? 50 00 Standard 3 95
Iron Silver 50,Unlon Con 13
Mexican 12 > Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Rubber 27%
Ca'l locns 233 Inion Pacific 59>i
Vime loans 3g4'4 l.'nlcn Land 2
Stock*-. K\«tt End 93
A T & .S F 2(TT S \Ve«ttnshouse El... 43
A T *i S F prefd.. Tflf, ! Bonds-
American S«KRr...l2">'4 'Atchison is 93'i
Am i>rpfd...il6' s ! Mining Shares—
Hell Telephone 142 (Adventure 2\i
Boston & Albany. .LNo !.\!l^ue7. Min Co.... 1
Boston Klevait-u ..H3>4 '.mals Copper SS'Vi
Boston f: Maine/.;. !S3 Atlantic 22^
l"h?o. B\:r & y 126Vi BoftOtl ft Mort 210
Dominion Coal 40 ;l'.-jtte & Boston. .. 6J
I>?:n Coal ircfd....H0 '^aliirr.et & Hecla..74:l
Ke'leral .^tee! 3:!^ Centennial 17
Fed >?t?rl prpfd.... fio". Tranklln 13^i
FitchburK prefd JVT.136 Uumbcldt ,. 2r>
General Electric:;. 131*4 °>ceoia 67,
Qea Elec rrefd 1> T % | arrot 40H
Kd K\ec III 205 Wulncy 124
Mexican Central... 11 fanta Fe Copper... 4V4
Mich Telephone S-, ,ram»rack V*
N t: Uas & Cukc.142 ("tali Mining 2)
Old Colony 203 Winina 3U
Old I>oniin!on H IWclverlnes Zl'i*
200 Republic Iron A Steel Co 10%
200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd...... 63
PC C&St Louis „ ...60
62.800 Shares sold. '
CLOSING BONDS. i-* ,
U S 2s «g ref, ,M K & T 2ds K%
when issued 103»iiM K & T 4s........ 91%
U S 2s coup r«f, |N Y Cent lsts lOS'i
when Issued 103UIN J Cent gen Es.,.122 '
U S 2s reg 100 (N Pacific 3s 65%
U S 3s reg ms*i N Pacific 4s 104
L S 3s coup irs»i N Y C & S L 4S...197H
U S new 4s reg.. ..132 IN & W con 4s...... 97^
L S new 4s coup. .132 Or Nav lsts 100
Yi § oIa * s re « H*H Or Nav 4s 102^
U S r.ld 4s coup 1144 > Or Short Line 6s...l25?i
L S 5s reg U2H Ot S Line con 6s. ..112
US 5s coup 112% Reading Gen 4s.... 87%
Dls of Col 3.C5S....122 IK G W lstB.. SSVi
Atchlson gen 4s.. ..101 p L & I M con Ss.llOVi
Atchison adj 4s 84 ]S L & S F gen 6s.l22
Canada Fa 2ds 108 1st, Paul consols.... 167
Ches & Ohio 4>is.. M\ S P C & P lsts... ..117
Ches & Ohio 5s....ll8H BPCiP 5s.......llg»i
C & N\V con 7s 130 So Pacific 4s 7S%
C & NWSFdeb 5S.122 iSc Railway 5s 1CM}4
Chgo Term 4s S2»4'Stand R & T 6s... 68
Lolo So 4s 82V4 Texas & Pac lsts..lliy-
D & R o Ms MB |Texas & Pr.c 2ds.. 55
D & R O 4s US jL'nlon Pacific 4s.... 105>,4
Erie General 4*..... 6S IWabsh lsts 116H
F W & D C lsts... 71H \\ abash Ms 101
General K!ec 55....115»fc West Shore,4s 112
Iowa Central lsts.. 113 Wis Cent lifts 884
K C P & G l?ts... C3 Va Centuries S9*i
L & N Unl 4s 9SH
NEW YORK. Aug. II.— The Earl Fruit Com
i>any sold California fruit at aurtlon to-day,
realizing the following prices': Grapes—Mala
gas, Flngle crate*. llc'SU, average 63?; Clus
ter*, slnclo crate*, . $1 40ftl 60. "average . $1 50.
Pears — Bartletts. boxes. SI IS^ 20, averap^
tl S8. Plums — Yellow EeR. flngle" crates, ?Oc«r>
$1 25, D,Vera£« $1 05. Prur.ps— Gro«. single
era tea, LocfiU 35. average 90c. Twenty-one car3
soM to-day. Weather very hot.'
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for Callfrnla fruit
sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Malagas, sin-
Kl« crates, OScQ^l 10, average $1 02; Clusters,
tingle crates, avorage SI £5: Tokays, ". single
crajrs. SI 754/1 S5. averase; Jl SO. Pears-jBart
lctta, b«>xe,s. $1 0301 «0, average $1'44. Plums—
Columbia, single crates, 35(g6ic. average 62c.
Prunes— Germans., single crates, average .11 15:
Bulgarians, single crates, 55<gSdC. average 62c:
Gros, j»tn«!e crates, Sl^l 20, average $1 13.
Weather very hot. , Fifteen cars sold to-day. .
MONTREAL. Aug,- U.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day and
realized the following prices: Peaches — Early
Crawfords, boxes, SOcffJl, average 91c: Late
Crawford?, Iwxes. Jlfrl 20. average $1 12; Sus
q'lehanna, boxes, $1 05<rjl 20, average Jl 10; Yel
low Free, boxes. SoiiSoc, average 6Sc. Pear? —
Bartletts, boxes. 70c'«$2 30, average SI SO. Plums
—Kelsey Japansi single crates. SI 5O®2 30, av
erage $1 SO. Prunes— CJros, single crates, aver
age $2. One car sold to-day.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Aug. 11.— The Earl Fru't
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Peaches — Early Craw
forda (boxes), 85c to $1 15, average 90e; El
beptas (box's). 62'/?c to 85c, average 70c; Sus
qurhanna (boxes). S0o to $1, average 87c. Peara
— Bartletts (boxes). Jl 40 to $1 93, average Jl 70.
Plume— Bradshaw (single crates), 25c to $1 35.
avrrage $1 15: Columbia (single crates), 85c to
$130. average Jl C3; Kelsey Japans (single
crates), SI 25 to $1 SO, average $1 34. Prune* —
Gros (singlo crates). SI 40 to SI 90, , averagv
$M6; Germans (single crates), 25c to $1 43.
average $1 34; Hungarians (single crates). $1 50
to Jl 7.0, average SI 61; Silver (single crates),
SI . r<t to SI 70, average $136. Two cars soij
to-f'ay. ,
BOSTON. Mass.. Aujr. 11.— The Earl Fruit
Company sild California fruit at auction to
day and realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartletta (boxes). $1 10 to $2 20. average $1 71.
Peaches— Karly Crawfords (boxes), 55c to 85c,
average 72c: Late Crawfords (boxes), 65c to
$1 Co, average !>4c: Foster (boxes), SOc to $1 20,
average $1 06; Susquehanna (boxes), 60c to 90c.
average 72e; Orange Cling (boxes), SOc to 50c,
average 4Sc. Plums— Yellow Egg (single crates),
70c to $1 05. average iOc: Kelsey Japar.s (single
crates), 75c to $1, average R3c. Prunes— Hun
garians (single crates), SOc to tl, average 93c:
Gros (single crates). SOc to $1 05, average %c.
Grapes— Fontainbleau (single crates), average
60c. Ten cars Fold to-day.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 11.— The following fruit
left California during the twenty-four hours
ending 6 a. m., August 10, l!W0: Peaches. 13
carp; plum*. 7 cars; pears, 24% cars; grape*,
3*4 cars; mixed, Y* car: total, 4S cars.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— CATTLE-Recelpts. 200.
Nominally steady. Natives, good to prime
steers, $5 10@6; poor to, medium, 14 75@5 35; se
lected feeders, $4@4 65; mixed stockers, $3 25@
3 90; cows, $2 80@4 30; heifers, $3@i 90; canners.
$2 20®2 70: bulls, $3@4 40; calves, $4 25<S6 76-
Tcxans: Fed steers. Si 30©5 13; Krassers. $3 35
@4 25: bulls, J2 60@3 30.
HO<JS— Receipts to-day, 16.000; Monday 30 COO
estimated: left over, 6000. Weak to shade low
er; top, $5 40: mixed and butchers, $5 05@5 35-
KOOd to choice, heavy, J5 05(55 32H; rouxh'
heavy, $4 80@5; light, $5 1005 40; bulk of sales,"
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Sheep and lambs
unchanged. Good to choice wethers, $4 30if}4 C5
fair to choice, mixed, S3 75@4 28; 'Western sheep'
$4 25®4 60; Texas sheep, $3 10@4 10; native
lambs, $4 23ff5 65; Western lambs, $4 7o®5 60
Exports and Imports.
NEW TORK, Aug. 11.— The Imports of specie
this week were $16,566 gold and $10,350 silver.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
were valued at $10,470,315.
The exports of gold and silver aggregate $57" -
213 silver bars and coin and $7,S9S,0;i gold
Foreign Markets.
CIX3SINO
LONDON, Aug. 11.— Consols. 9S l-16@og 5-16-
Oliver, 28d;;French rentes, 100f 35c; wheat car
jroes on passage, quiet, less disposition to buv
English country markets, quiet ,
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 1 11.— Wheat, steady No
1 standard California, 8s 4tfd@6s 5d; wheat iii
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather . in England, . fine
and warm. .¦-¦¦.
COTTON— Uplands," 5 21-32d. ' s ¦¦
HOPS—At London, , Pacific . Coast, steady
£2 15s© £3 15s. ; . y>
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter firm, 8s.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No, 2 red Western
winter., 6s 3V4d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4Ud-
No. 1 California. 6s 4Mtd@6s 5d. Futures closed
dull; Beptember. 6s lHd; December, 6s 2Hd
--¦ CORN— Spot,- firm;. American mixed new' 4s
do old. 4s Id. . Futures dull; September, 4s- Oc
tober, <¦ %«; November, 4s ftd.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 11.— Clearings, $241,123
balances '$21,358. ¦
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
' FORTTAND/ Or., 1 Aug. : 11.— WHEAT— Walla
•\Valla.,B5c; valley, 64©55e: blue »tem.6Sc ."
TACOMA, Wash. 1 . Aug. U.-WHEAT-Dull
and unchanged. ;. Blue stem, 68c; club, 66a'. ¦ .;
There Is nothing new to report. Apricots
still lend In firmness 1 and activity, the Eastern
demand beinK brisk and choice; large fruit
scarce. . Peaches, '; too, are firm. There are no
Prunes at all left - In this market, and the
Eastern markets , are also bare, except for a
few large Mies running from 40 to 60. ;Itls
Impossible to say when the opening quotations
will be announced, . or they will be. east
ern dealers, however, are said to be buying,
subject to the prices fixea by the association,
provided . they -are satlsfactprj'. vhlch: leaves
the transaction open j to all sorts of rejections
and cancellations. ¦.,. ;-*•,---_:,
.NEW;CROP-Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6©
go for'Roynls and 8H(S10^e for Moorparks;
Evaporated "Apples. 5#«c; sun-dried. 3S3V 2 c,
Peaches.?5e for -standard. • 6c for choice and 7o
for fancy; ¦ Pears, = 5®7V4c : I Plums. | pitted, 3®Ec ;
unpltted, 1©1%c; Nectarines, 4©5c for red and
6@6c for. white. ;
RAISINS— Bleached . Thompson's fancy., per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c: -standard,- 8c: prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's. , per. . lb. .; Sc. - Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb/8%c; choice. 7%c; standard. 6Hc;
prime,- Be; 'unbleached Sultanas, 6c ', Seedless,
M-lb t boxes. £c; 2-crown, ,looe e Muscatels, ¦ «Hc)
Yesterday was a quiet day. with few changes.
There was less weakness In Melons, as stocks
wore somewhat reduced. Peaches, Pears and
Plums sold about up to previous prices. Straw
berries were rather higher. Grapes were dull, :
with liberal supplies:
There wan no further change In Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 2;©40c per box for common and
E0c«m for good to choice: Crabapples. 20©3Oc
per small box and 40S'65c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts. 3C@75c in boxes and $12 50
22 50 per ton In hulk.
QUINCES — DO075C per box.
PLUMS— 20@40c , per box and crate; In bulk,
$IO©15 per ton; Prunes, 2;®50c per crate; Egg
Plums. nniiTIS per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $3<f?5 r>er chest for large
and USS for small berrle*.
RASPBERRIES— $5<gS per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— }3@5 per che«t.
LOGAN BERRIES rer chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5©6o per lb.
FIGS 4O®jCc for single and 60c®Jl for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White, SoSOOc per box; red,
SjiQCCc.
• PKACHES— 20<g5Cc prr box and 25@5Cc per
basket: In bulk. $15f?22 50 per ton Tor freestone
and $2(1^25 for clings. „_.„
1 GRAPES— Fnntaineb>au. . *i«T-.*o per crate;
MuscatF C0675c per crate; Seedless. iWi60c per
crate: Sweetwater, 35£50c; black, 40@75c; To
".IELOXS— Nutmegs/ 33©50c per case; Canta
loupes, SCc(R$l 25 per crate; Watermelons. $5^
15 with extra large at$20<523 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclns. $25,3; . Lem
ons. II u0i?t2 W fnr common and $Wf4 for eood
to Choice;- Mexican L!tneji. $6 50©7: Bananas,
$1 255(2 00 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 IOCS 50 per
j dozen. ¦ ' ¦ '¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New. 9c. fancy brands higher; old,
SQSHc- Young America. 10c; Eastern, 13^
14c: Western. 10gl2c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 15©lDo for store and 21©
24c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14»£@1Sc.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24@24Hc; sec
onds, 23S23HC
Dairy— Fancy. 22c; good to choice, 19ff21c;
common. . 154f 18c.
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20c.
Quotations for everything . remained un
changed. Butter and Eggs were steady, with
fair supplies. The demand for. stored goods Is
slowly increasing, owing to the advance In
frenh. There la no lack of Cheese, and prices
stand the same.
BUTTER—
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and lZQ'Hc for Hens; Young Turkeys, 17©19c;
Geesn, per pair. $1 50®2; Goslings. $1 50@2;
Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3@4 for youns; Hen.*,
$3 5065: Young Roosters, $4<g\V. Old Roosters,
$4©4 &0; Fryers, $3S3 50: Broilers. $2 60@3 for
large and $1 50<@2 for small; Pigeons, $1 5001 75
per dozen for old and $1 7502 for Sauabs. ,
GAME — Doves. iW@C5c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 25®1 50; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare.
$1 25.
Game was steady and unchanged.
The market was dull, with less stock to
cerry over than at the close of the preceding
week.
Poultry and Game.
: . VKGETABLES- Green »:orn. SOoCTJl r»r -ark.
5C5J75C rer crate for Berkeley and $li£l 25 for
Alameda: Creen Peas. 2S-c »'«t lb: Str-ng
Beans. l'4®3c; Limas. 5c: Cabbage. 4C^50c;
Tomatoes, River, 30©65c: Bay. 35c^*l; Ex«<
Plant, 5;<g75o per box; Green Okra, ?5<350o:
Green Peppers, 35@53c per box for Chill and 40
( } roc for Bell; Pried Peppers. SfilOc: Carrots, S5
<&35c per sack: Summer Squash. JOJJSOc for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 15S23c for Alameda; Pickles.
}1 per ctl lor No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; LSarilc. 2
{J2c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12@15 per ton.
PO'l'A'lOKi- Uarnet Chile--. -Oc; New Enrlv
Rr>*v "j-ijiOc: Hurtinnkii. S5<?6«c for Rivers and
75c@$t rer ctl fcr Salinas; Sweets, IVic per lb.
ONIONS — Yellow, 60<tjS5c per ctl; Pick'.o
Orlrnii. <i.'<f?75c
The Verftcble market was weak and well
supplied, And the disposition was to sell at con
cessions to work oft stocks. Potatoes and On
ici'S remained about the game._
SEEDK-Hrown Mu«tarrt. nominal; tallow
Muitard 4c: Fiax, il<&2 ?K Canary, ;^c per
lb for Calllcrr.Ia nnd 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape. IV4®3c; Hemp. 4tfl':4c; Timo
thy. 4041JC
DRIET> I'EAF- Nlles. nominal; Green. J" ZZlf
Z r,0 rer ctl: Blackeye. J2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Rays, 52 7X572 75: Small White. $3 40
iff S <W Urr* White. $2 60<fi; 80: Pink, J2 2-".ft2 ":
Utn\ $3 25«T?3">0: Blackeye. J3 50: Limp. J5 20Q
5 15;' Pea, $3 5C®3 70; Red Kidneys. %2 25<?3 50.
Some Fllrht chnnre* In Bc.an* will be seen.
Thry ore firmly held, owln; to llrht stocks.
Beans and Seeds.
1 All descriptions rorrnfn unchanged. Hay I?
steady. Bran and Middlings are rather ea.«y,
but Rolled Barlej- and Corn products are firm.
BRAN— J12'H12 5" per ton.
Mir>DLINfiS-$16«219 per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS— Rolled Karley. «16.Q17 50 p»r
t^n: ciilcake Meal at th* mill. J25y27; Jobbing.
127 EOQ28: Cocoa nut Cnke. »20«?21: Corn Menl.
!I« 60: Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed. J13 ".0@14.
HAY— Volunteer. -«4 rW6 SO; Whoat. IWfrll;
Wheat nn<1 Oat, $1 50fill M; Oats, $S01O. Clover.
{406; Alfalfa, $6S" 50; Barley. $8 50S3 50 per
i STRAW— 2IS4Oc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff's.
ii per K«) lbs: Hye Flour. 12 75: Rye Meal. J2 50:
Klce Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75: extra cream
do 13 50; Oat Croats. $» 50: Hominy. H 5W3 75;
P.urkwheat Flour. $4fll 25: Cracked Wheat.
?3 r.0- Fartna. t» Sfl; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 K:
Ko'led Oats (barrel*>. !«*?7 25: In *acks. (S 75
(•1: Prarl Darley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Was, $5 50 per ICO lbs. ¦/ ., ;•
i FLOUR— California Family Extra*. $3 6033 75.
upual terms. Bakers' Extras. $3 40^3 50: Oregon
and V/ayhington. $2 "3J23 10 per barrel'for fam
ily and $5 15J?3 W (or bakers' ; Kastern. $4 1*Q
5 75 r<?r barrel.
MIL LKTL'KFP- Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
Flour and MUlstuffs.
Rpjrular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS — Dealers quoted a small advance for
most descriptions, with a fair demand, chiefly
on local consumptive account. i»
White. $1 15@1 33; Surprise, $1 35^1 40; Red.
$1 1001 25: Grey, $1 12H 1 2"; niack, for feed,
$1 07ViffTl 12%: for seed. $1 15^1 22Vi per ctl.
CORN — Was quiet at previous prices.
Eastern, II 20; California Lartre Yellow, 11 1.V4
(SI 20 per ctl: White, $1 17!i@l 20; Small Round
Yellow, $1 17H61 20.
RYK-:iw&v3«,c per ctl.
BL'CKW HEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— December— No sales,
Second Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal' Session— 9:15 o'clook-'Oer-mber—
2000 ctls. $1 11%: 6000, J11194: 2000, $1 UH: ««»,
*1 11%; 4C0O, tl HVi; 8000, ?1 11%. May— 2000,
?U6%; 20CO. $116%. e^ t , „„.
Second Session— December— 16,000 ctls, $111,
4CC0. $M1V4. z .,
Regular Morning Session— December— SCOO ctla,
tl 11%: f-COO. $1 11%. May— 40C0, *1 16»i.
BARLEY— The market was- dull and un
changed. '. y'
Feed. TTVjeTS^c for No. 1 and 70©75c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 82H©
8714c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES-
"Chicago continued. dull and featureless. The
Government report wai considered bullish, and
operators thought the market should do better.
It went down all the same.
Local futures were lower. There was no
change in spot prices. •
Spot Wheat— Shipping— $1 05; Mliyng. *1 07H
CUO. ' - /;;.'
WHEAT— Liverpool and Parts were lower,
with auief markets. • ;
Wheat and Other Grains.
SteMlBg Exchange, sight..; — $4 89
Sterling Exchange, sixty days....' — 4 »5
Hterllne Cables ..../...... — 4M
New Tork Exchange, Eight — . 7%
New • Tork Exchange, telegraphic — '10
Fine Silver, per ounce — MT4
Mexican Dollars, nominal.'........ — . 4Si»
Exchange and Bullion.
Flour, qr sks « jrw'Shorts. sks 5."
Whont, ctls 2.2K5 Surer, bhla 23
Barley, ctls 12.430 Chicory bMs 23 !
Oats. ct!3 63" Wool, bales ill |
Rye, ctls 2.2H Straw, tons 20 I
Cheese, ctls 32 Hay. ton* 8S5
Batter, ctls. 278 Hops, hales 17
Tallow, ctls • »54 Pelt*, bdls 1«5
Potatoes, sks 5.5T1 Hides. No 7*3 i
Onions, sks 960 Leather, roll*.... C?
Bran, sks 2«5 Ouicksllver. flsks IS
MiddllDKS. sks... 110 Ebw. doJ! 1S.S20
Sugar, sks 2.500 Wine, Rals 23,000
WASHINGTON.
Flour, nr sks 2.C20 1 Middlings, sks... <
Oata. ctls 3.450 1 «
Flour, qr eks l.I60|
FOn PATUUDAY. AUGUST 11.
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAIt— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
r«nv i,u(,t.!-. r«r lb. In 1""'-lb hB??: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6..Tic; Powdered,
i".9.*c; Candy nranutated, 5.9.V; Dry Granulated,
S.^ic; Confectioners' A. S.SJc: Macnclia A.
5.4oc: Extra C. 5.33c: OoMen C. 5.25c: barrels,
10c more; half -barrels. 25c more: boxes. 60c
more; 10-lb bars, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos. hiif-barrels. 6.6Cc; boxes, 6.S3c per lb.
RICE— China mixed. M 25; No. I, $4 65<f?4 85;
extra, $j O.'f?3 10; Japanese, $4 SH^j 3C; Louis
iana. $7 25Q7 i0 r>er ctl.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. *3: Seattle. 17; Bryant. J«: Coos
Bay. *» SO; Wallsend. t9; Co-operative Wall
si i.d, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 23 In
racks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14. Can
nel, $11 {#r ten; Coke. $1* per ten In bulk and
SIS in sacks: Rocky Mountain description*. JS 44
per 20CO lbs and JS 50 per ton. according to
b-»~*.
BAG!*— San Quentin Bans. K 63; Calcutta
Grain Kags. S T 4c: Wool Bags. 2*WSI2Vic; Fleece
Twine. 7Hc; Fruit Bagi. 6!4®6»ic for white and
%%6$\c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
Quotations remain e» before.
UKEF— 3126c ser lb for fair to choice.
VKAL— Larpe, 7tfSe; t m* 11. per lb.
MI'TTOS- Wethers. 7H3Sc: ewes. 7©7Ho p«r
pound.
LAMB— Spring. SH® ? <" r*r Ib.
PO71K— Live Hogs, fcSSXic for small. l*ift"/*e
for medium and tHtfo^e for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 5H1?5He: dressed Hogs. 8®SVic
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and* brands sel!
¦bout lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9Hc: medium. SVic: light. 8ftc: Cow
hides SV$c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. Sc; Calf. 9«;
Dry Hides, sound, l'x;: Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf.
15e; culls and brands. 12c: Sheepskins. Shear
llnrs. tOSSOc each; short Wool. 30<350c each;
medium. SOigSOc; lcnjr Wool. SOcffil 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. J2#2 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides dry Jl 60 for large. Jl 25 for medium,
tl for' small and 25^50c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium skins,
30c- wtater or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Argoras, Tic; large and smooth. JOc;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4«4%c per lb; No.
2 2UI3M-C: grease. 2f9I"/»c
'wOOIy— Pprlr-K dtp 1» quotable as follow*:
Northern free, 15*il6c: Ncrthjm defective. 12t>
11-- Middle County, free. 14ni6c; Middle Coun
ty 'defective. 12314c: Southern Mountain. 12
months' H*rl2c; Southern Mountain, free. T
months' 10'312c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 montr's' 9911c; Kumboldt and Mendoclno,
16f?17c; Nevada. ttSjlCc per Ib.
Fall Clip— S* n Joaonin. SWIOc: An Lumbu*.
$fjju r: Humboldt and MenJcclno. 101212c; Moun
tain" JifTlCc per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 5®10c per lb: new.
10© 12c
Reports from the Eastern Wool markets s»y
that the recent purchases by manufacturers are
not followed by the expected new orders for
goods. The market, however, rules flrm. .
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10Ho per Ib for
heavy, lie for UicM '"tedium. lZ\&,c for light, lie
for extra light and 14*$c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Uess, 913: Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. U»: extra clear. }19; Mess. $16 SO; Smoked
Beef, 12V»®13c per lt>.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per 1b for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9Hc; io-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. lO^ic
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. »%c: thr««
half -barrels, it^c: ort» tierce. SSc; two tlercea.
8Hc; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new. The market Is very
duii. •; :'~. .;¦
NUTS— Walnuts, 8®10c for Standards and 9
Cllc for softsbells; ¦ new Almonds. im®i2Hc
for paper-shell. 8V4©10Ho for soft and 6»Tc for
hardshell; Peanuts. B©6%c for Eastern and
5©6c for California; Brazil Nuts. U©l2He; Fil
berts, 12@lSc; Pecans, 11313c; Cocoanuts, 13 50
©5. ¦ '¦¦.:-'•
HONEY— Comb. 12©12t4c"for bright and 11©
llttc for llaht amber: water white, 7Vi©7Mc;
light amber extracted, 6K66%c; dark. 5V»G«c
per 1b. *t -
. Provisions. v 1
3-crown, 6Ue; 4-erown. 7c: London Layer*. J
crown. Jl £0 per box; J-crown, |l to. Fancy
Clusters. |2: D«hesa. *2 SO: Imperial, 13. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
conditions regarded as extremely unfavorable,
but another factor made - itself felt - noon after
the opening, a sudden and radical decline in
corn. A drop of lHc waa recorded In that mar
ket at one time, and the effect of such weak
ness on a market naturally rather, heavy was
Immediate.' Selling. waB quite heavy for some
time, principally by: local traders who had
bought wheat yesterday In the belief that the
Government crop report # would show a big fall
ing off In condition, and-even after this liquida
tion ceased the market showed but little signs
of recovery. The September price was ham
mered down to 75%c before the selling pres
tun was reported. There was noticeable coun
try celling at times and stop orders were re
ctived by some commission houses. The close
was heavy at 75Vic.
Corn was feverish and radically weak. The
Government crop report was a painful sur
prise to longs, who had been led to expect
much more bullish official figures by the com
plaints of damage which have been received
of late, and liquidation was heavy from the
start. September closed lV4c lower at 38c.
Oats were dull for the most part and shewed
weakness. September closed He lower at 21*4c
Provisions were heavy, Influenced by the
grain markets and by the weakness of hogs.
There was very little speculative Interest
shown, moderate liquidation being led by the
packers. Prices ruled lower from the start.
At the close September pork was 12V*c lower,
lord He lower and ribs "V4c lower.
The leading futures ranged -as follows:
. Articles-*- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August Wi ?V 71T4 75
Beptember "614 "!^M 75H "o 1^
October T7 77-76 "614
Corn No. 2 —
August 3SVJ 88% S8H 38H
September 39'4 39^4 37% 3S
October 39 83 87ft 27»4
Oatu No. 2 —
August 21H 21% 21H 2m
September 22H 22%, 21»i mi
October 22% 22H 22>4 22Vi
Mesa Pork, tier barrel-
September ..: 11674 11G7V4 1160 1160
.October .. 1170 1170 1165 1165
Lard, ~>er 100 rounds —
September 6 72«4 6 72«<4 6 63 6 6714
October 6 77V* 6 77H 6 70 6 72^
January 6 60 6 60 6 55 6 55
Short ribs, Der 100 pounds-
September 7 07H 7 10 7 05 7 03
October 7 03 7 05 7 CO 7 02V4
January 600 600 5 $7V 2 5 97H
Cash quotations were as 'follows: Flour,
steady, winter patents. $3 Rl>@4; straights, $3 20
«t3 70; spring patents. $3 7004 10; straights, $3 33
«I3 CO; bakers*. *2 30<ti2 SO; N'o. 3 spring wheat.
CSST72HC: No. 2 red, 76y.?T76%c; No. 2 corn. *9V>
33Ue; No. 2 oats. 22'ff22'^e; No. 2 white, 23^*3
24»;c; No. 3 wh'te. 2i\t<Qii\ie : No. 2 rye, 49U®
49V4C; good feeding barley, 35c," fair to choice
malting. Sfifcg47c; Xo. 1 flaxseed. %1 35; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 15; prime timothy seed, $3 "0
<?3 25; mess pork, per barrel. Jit 60^11 65; lard,
per 100 pounds, % 67^-*76 70; Fhftrt ribs sides
<lor-.«e). $7@7 SO; dry fa!t?d shoulders (boxed),
(WiG'c. »hort clear sides <boxed). $7 5iJ?7 65:
whisky, basis of hish wines, ?1 tS'.i: clover,
contract ;r«de. *S 40.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flou:-. barrels 14. WO 12. m
Wheat. bushels 212.000 . 220.0t0
Corn, bushels ". 102 000 / S13.O0O
OatF. bufhels 234, 0C0
Rye. bushels S .'..,~4.roo ;oo
Ilarley. bushpls 13.0C0 1.0C0
On the PioducV Hxchanpe to-dsy th? butter
market was steady: creamcir, -15fj2flc; dairy.
14W17C. Cheese, dull, $%>3Uc. Eggs, nrm;
fresh. 12c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARItlVE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Firkin-
-ISfi 2C
39
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
California Fruit Sales.
Chicago Grain Market.
8team«r. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 13. 10 am! Pier 13
Santa Rosa San'Dlego Aug. 13. 11 am] Pier t
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 13. Jpm.Pier 3
Pan Juan .. On. America. Aug. 13. 1 pmlPMS3
City Puebla Victoria Auir. 14. llamiPler »
North Fork Humboldt Aug. 14. UmlPler 3
Arcata ICoos Bay lAug. 14. 12 miPler 13
W. Kruser.|Tlllamook |Aur. II IPter 3
Coos Bay..iN>wcort IAu«. IS. 9annPlerll
Columbia -.JPnrtlaDd lAuc. 1«. 11 amlPt^r 2*
D*! Norte.. 'Portland [Auk- 1". » amlPler 2»
Orizaba ;..!Humbol<lt.....lAujr. 1«. 2pm!Pier 5
Newburg ..|Grays Harbor! Aug. 17. 5pm! Pier 13
Corona 'San Plejro lAtisr. 17. 1! anvPler U
San Jose... IN'ew York tAujc. I". KmiPMSS
Bonlta IXewport (Auk. 15. 9 amIPler 11
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
Kureka ,.lHumboldt |Au«r. 13
Barracoota jPanama Auk. 13
Columbia IPortland Aug. 13
Coo* B.it iNewport Aug. 13
XV. H Kruger.JSan Pedro lAusr. 13
I^uella ITUlamook tAnu. 13
AVashtenaw [Tacoma [Auff. 13
San Mateo i.N'analmo Au?. It
Warfleld JOyster Harbor [Aug. 14
Australia (Honolulu Aus. It
n<*l Norte (Portland * IAur. 1*
Orizaba IHumboldt An*. 14
Corona ISan Dl»so IAuk. M
Walla Walla ..IPutret Srvnnd IAuk. 15
NVwburj lOrajm Harbor Ausr. U
Coqullle Rlver.lSan Pedro [Ausr. 1*
Crescent City ..'Crescent City [Aus. H
Matteawan ....ITacoma Aug. M
Point Arera IPotnt Arena Auic. 17
Bonlta INewport Aur. IT
Grace Dollar... [Grays Harbor Au«r. It
Ptat* of Cal IPortland Ausr. H
Horzkonjr Maru'Chlna and Japan Aug. H
8team«r. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 13. 10 am! Pier 13
Santa Rosa San'Dlego Aug. 13. 11 am] Pier t
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 13. Jpm.Pier 3
Pan Juan .. On. America. Aug. 13. 1 pmlPMS3
City Puebla Victoria Auir. 14. llamiPler »
North Fork Humboldt Aug. 14. UmlPler 3
Arcata ICoos Bay lAug. 14. 12 miPler 13
W. Kruser.|Tlllamook |Aur. II IPter 3
Coos Bay..iN>wcort IAu«. IS. 9annPlerll
Columbia -.JPnrtlaDd lAuc. 1«. 11 amlPt^r 2*
D*! Norte.. 'Portland [Auk- 1". » amlPler 2»
Orizaba ;..!Humbol<lt.....lAujr. 1«. 2pm!Pier 5
Newburg ..|Grays Harbor! Aug. 17. 5pm! Pier 13
Corona 'San Plejro lAtisr. 17. 1! anvPler U
San Jose... IN'ew York tAujc. I". KmiPMSS
Bonlta IXewport (Auk. 15. 9 amIPler 11
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
Kureka ,.lHumboldt |Au«r. 13
Barracoota jPanama Auk. 13
Columbia IPortland Aug. 13
Coo* B.it iNewport Aug. 13
XV. H Kruger.JSan Pedro lAusr. 13
I^uella ITUlamook tAnu. 13
AVashtenaw [Tacoma [Auff. 13
San Mateo i.N'analmo Au?. It
Warfleld JOyster Harbor [Aug. 14
Australia (Honolulu Aus. It
n<*l Norte (Portland * IAur. 1*
Orizaba IHumboldt An*. 14
Corona ISan Dl»so IAuk. M
Walla Walla ..IPutret Srvnnd IAuk. 15
NVwburj lOrajm Harbor Ausr. U
Coqullle Rlver.lSan Pedro [Ausr. 1*
Crescent City ..'Crescent City [Aus. H
Matteawan ....ITacoma Aug. M
Point Arera IPotnt Arena Auic. 17
Bonlta INewport Aur. IT
Grace Dollar... [Grays Harbor Au«r. It
Ptat* of Cal IPortland Ausr. H
Horzkonjr Maru'Chlna and Japan Aug. H
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
MONDAY. August 13. at 11 O'clock, at
SNITZER'3 SALE3TARDS. TWELFTH AND
HARRISON STS.
I will tell 10O head of choice, sound, youn?
horses, suitable for all purposes; weigh from
900 to lSGti; broken and unbroken; from I to i
years old. and must t>~ sold.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
fe> AUCTION SALE fe
TUESDAY. Aut. 14. 1900. at 11 a. m.
70 head HORSES from Marlposa Stock Farm.
From l(X0 to 1SC0 oounds.
Several well-matched carriage teams. Some
bifr truck horses. Fine business and saddl*
horses. Every horse well broken. Stock now
on exhibition.
OCCIDENTAL HOP.SE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.
£3, JUST COME IN!
W head CHEAP HORSES and MULES.
CHASE & MENDENHAIX.
" ; ¦:' / 1732 Market st.Hall of Justice Work Stopped.
! Superintendent of Buildings Barnett has
ordered all work { stopped on 1 the ) Hall '¦' of
Justice. - there being ; no v money available
A sumptuous banquet was tendered
George Uhler, - national president of the
Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association;
by Branch No/35 of the local' organization
at a downtown restaurant last ' nleht
About 200 Ernests : were seated." The ad
dress of welcome , was t delivered by Ed
ward Murphy, president of the local'or
ganization, -to which Mr. Uhler replied
speaking of the growth of the order and
of ita benefits. The following toasts were
responded to: . . .
"Ship Building." H. C.Tabrett, assist
ant superintendent of the Risdon Iron
Works; "Protection" to ¦ American Ship
Building," Ed Morris; • '.'Fraternity," -H.
W. Hutton: ."Brotherhood r of * the Sea ''
Andrew Furuseth,- secretary, of ' the ; Sail
ors' Union; "Co-operation of .Organized
Labor," J. J. Bearey; "Restoration of
American Merchant * Marine," D. C. Mar
tin. - .-•-._¦ .
Banqueted . Grand President .
locked Up in the Tanks.
D. Delucci, an Italian •¦scavenger, was
arrested \byj' Detect
ives O'Dea'and Rlordan and locked up In
the 'tanks: at the City Prison.. ; Benjamin
White , of -;S50; Howard: street; caused . De
lucd's arrest and charges him with steal
ing a diamond pin .valued at J70.V White
claims -he Left: his pin r sticking in his tie
In .: his c hallway.- for ¦:&¦¦ moment." and De
lucci,'while passing 1 through the house,
picked it : up and hurried out. •
-New Zealand's flax Industry. has revived
and ¦ flourishes s exceedingly ,*» awing ¦ to < the
war 'In 'the i Philippines- having, shortened
the output of. Manila fiber." ¦;
"William Perago, an employe of the
American Box Company, while riding on
top of a load of boxes was badly injured
yesterday afternoon by being jammed be
tween the load and the arch of the door
way of Patton & Bell's warehouse on
Townsend street. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. It is feared that a
fracture of the skull may result fromtthe
injury. Perapo ia 15 years of age and'.re
sides with his parents at 24 Minna Btreet.
Boy Eadly Injured.
¦_ To stand-in the plac« of any teacher Is an
honor, and I feel that honor enhanced by being
allowed to stand In the place of such a teacher
as mine. . ¦ . •
• This Is -the Sabbath of consolation, and fo
oay I propose to ehow how Israel takes solace
Twenty-five hundred years ago .. the .Prophet
epoke words of comfort to the children of
Israel in exile, and to-day we find that Israel's
welfare is not finished.
ThlS'ls a beautiful building in which we are
assembled to-day. Teople come here ' to get
comfort of spirit. . But what" has become of
the men who built it? We know. not. So It Is
l n !i fe *. ' In the makl ns of one * great man a
hundred smaller men are crushed to the wall
»iThi» ™ n r' tne . " ndln * o* ' consolation lies
Ji ' !k ? Ur ?i el^ e "i Y0U must t eel thftt God is
aH; that all he does Is well done. If you are
stricken, remember that God still lives. If in
dividual is unjust to individual. Jf nation op
presses and plunders nation, God still retgjis.
s An immense congregation filled Temple
Emanu-El yesterday morning to listen. to
the maiden sermon of Rabbi Julian Leon
Magnes. The young rabbi is a native son,
the first to enter the Jewish priesthood.
Six years ago he entered the Hebrew sem
inary at Cincinnati," and: remained there
until he took his degree. About a month
ago he was ordained as a rabbi. He will
shortly enter, the rabbinical college at
Berlin, and on his return to this country
will settle at his ministry.':
Rabbi Voorsanger, who watched over the
young minister's theological studies, pre
sented his protege In a few well-chosen
words. Said he: "Never have I felt so
happy or so proud as I do In making way
for this lad, whom I sent away with a
benediction and who now comes back a
rabbi' in Israel." The young: • minister's
sermon, in part, follows: .¦• ¦
Pupil of Rabbi Voorsanger Impresses
His Audience With a" Magnetic
Personality, Clear Logic
and Fine Delivery. :/
Young Theologian Addresses
Large Congregation at
Emanu-El.
RABBI MAGNES
DELIVERS HIS
FIRST SERMON
It is contended by. tire opponents of the
scheme : that inasmuch as the riparian
rights of the Lake Tahoe and' San Fran
cisco ••Water „ Company , '.which I has , offered
to sell- to .the. city.' have been' questioned;
it would not be fair to spend $5000 in what
might end in a useless Investigation. It is
argued - that the matter • of. riparian rights
should be settled in' the courts before any
money.- is • spent " by ¦ this - city, in , investi
gating. Then.* too, the people of Nevada
will not waver, from their opinion that the
natural flow, of the .Truckee River is over
the Sagebrush -State, and "they -.will- re
sist any diversion of .the /water "to Califor
nia 'until compelled , to allow'' it by the
court of last : resort.
- A battle royal will be on between Reed
and Braunhart over the proposition to
bring water to this, city from available
sources. Braunhart ' will insist on the
operations ¦' of '¦ the . surveying party being;
confined to the Yiiba- River. He contends
that as there are # many conflicting water
rights connected with Lake Tahoe which
would entail- endless- litigation, it would
be a. waste of money. to make the Investi
gation. On the other hand. Reed - holds
that as $30,000 has been appropriated for
the purpose- of . Investigating available
¦water supplies, none should 'be exempted
from ¦ Investigation. ' ¦¦ ,
The proposed expedition for the inspec
tion of the water supplies of the State haa
been postponed by the Board of Public
Works. Acting Mayor Tobin called upon
Chairman Mendell yesterday morning and
iriformed him that a resolution would be
introduced at ; next Monday's session of
the Supervisors containing instructions to
the Board of Works not to spend any
money -in connection with a sifrvey of
Lake Tahoe. The" resolution will be intro
duced* by Braunhart, who is said to be
antagonistic to the Lake Tahoe proposi
tion. While there Is no absolute certainty
that the resolution^ will be: adopted/ still.
Acting Mayor Tobin; deemed | it wise to
postpone .the -investigation until after' Its'
fatehas been sfttled definitely. * •
Says Resolution Will Be Introduced
Before Board of Supervisors Against
Investigation of the Lake
Tahoe System.
Acting Mayor Tobin 'Advises
the Board of Works
to Delay.
INSPECTION OF
WATER SOURCES
IS POSTPONED
to carry It on with. Auditor Wells ha?
Informed the Pacific Surety Company that
unless the matter of claims is settled im
mediately he will oppose tho passage of
the demands of the creditors by the Su
pervisors.
Assistant District Attorney Greany
Begins Proceedings to Collect
Amount of His Fine.
Assistant District Attorney John T.
Greany began proceedings yesterday tc
collect $500 from James Taylor Rogers, the
amount of the fine imposed on the evasive
attorney by Judge Dunne for his refusal
to answer questions before the Grand
Jury relating to his connection with the
conspirators who looted the estate of the
late Joseph Sullivan.
A judgment for the sum named was en
tered in Javor of the city and county and
against Rogers. Execution under this
judgment was issued and an attachment
placed on Rogers' property, which i3 lo
cated on Washington street, near Walnut.
The property is assessed at $5060 and ia
mortgaged - for $2s50. Mr. Greany says
that after the judgment Is satisfied there
will still remain a sufficient balance In
Rogers' name to Insure collection of fur
ther judgments against him In event he
still refuses to answer on the ground that
his answers would lay him liable to pros
ecution fcr felony.
ROGERS MUST PAY THE
JUDGMENT AGAINST HIM
drawn from the Jury box, according t<
the specifications of the code. Second, th<
notice of the drawing of the Grand Jurj
was not given out or made public In an:
way. Third, the drawing was not helc
in the presence of the officers designate)
by law.
In this manner Chretien opens his tech
nical fight for freedom.
Judge Dunne Says No Further Delay
in His Prosecution Will Be ."
Permitted.
John M. Chretien again secured a con
tinuance t>ef ore Judge Dunne yesterday
morning, but the court announced that
he would not entertain further motions
for delay. To-morrow morning, he Bald,
thecase would be called for hearing. -
Two motions on behalf of Chretien to
set aside the indictment were made by At-
Both will be argued to-morrow. ; In the
motions to quash the Indictments the fol
lowing: objections are made: First-' the
requisite number o£ ballots were not
CHRETIEN IS GRANTED
HIS LAST CONTINUANCE
took it philosophically. He said that he
was tired and the rest from the turmoil
of city life would benefit him.
"I will go into court on Monday," be
continued, "refreshed and ready to prove
that the charges made by Chretien are
as false as he has been proven. Had I
been guilty I would never have returned
to this country. Knowing that I was in
nocent I could not. rest until I came back
to face my tradueer. Why, Chretien's
assertion that I was implicated In the
stealing of the dead man's estate ia a lie
on the face of It.
"I have been in California on and off for
twenty years and have never been ar
rested for crime. I was once indicted for
refereeing a prize fight, but that was
nothing. I have been a politician. 1 but
never did anything that I was ashamed
of.
"The first knowledge I received that my
name had been mixed up in this case was
from a Call representative at ¦ Nome. It
was on the 29th day of July. The St. Paul
had just arrived bringing supplies, pas
senpers and papers from America. As
Eoon as I read that I had been charged
•with wrongdoing, I went immediately to
the office where I was employed and drew
out money enough to purchase transpor
tation back to this city. I left the follow
ing day and immediately upon my arrival
at Seattle I boarded a train and came di
rect to this city. My main purpose in do
ing this was to give myself up to the po
lice. That I have carried out my plan is
evidenced by my presence In this place.
"It Is with, regret that I cannot talk
further about my case. On the advice of
my attorneys I must decline to say any
thing until the proper time. • I ¦will make
it warm for some people who are trying
to besmirch ray character In an effort to
hide their own guilt. When Captain Sey
mour ordered me taken to prison I asked
him not to do so as I did not .intend ;to
run away. I told him that if I wanted to
escape annoyance from the police I could
have remained in Alaska, where no officer
could have captured- me. What I wanted
Seymour- to do was to send a detective
with me and I guaranteed to pay his ex
penses and ten dollars a day, for the priv
lllge of capturing the man who imperson
ated the brother of Sullivan. „ I felt that
If that man was .under .lock and key I
could much "more easily prove my Inno
cence. The request was denied ' me.
"While In Nome. I gave boxing exhibi
tions and conducted entertainments. I
have done fairly well and • expect to re
turn to that country. Mr. Metson, of the
firm of Reddy, Campbell ; & ¦ Metson, em
ployed me to hold- some rich claims "In
Nome and I did so successfully. Times
are bad in Nome ¦ and everybody is
anxious- to get away."
fl 6 ft HAVE traveled fourteen days and
fourteen ni&tats to come to this
II city and face the unjust charges
made against me by this fellew
Chretien. My reception to my native city
is not a welcome one, but I suppose I
must bear it until such time as I prove
my innocence of wrongdoing to the court
and to the world." Fred Hansted, or as
he is better known in this city, "Profes
sor Young Dutchy." made the foregoing
statement at the City Prison yesterday,
while waiting for his attorney. Lafe
Pence, to return with bonds for his re
lease.
The prisoner was not discouraged by his
arrest. In fact he expected such treat
ment, having traveled thousands of miles
to face his accusers. His coming was
made known to the police by the press
vesterday and Detectives Harry Reynolds
end T. J*. Bailey were detailed by Captain
Seymour to crops the bay to meet him.
"When the Oregon express stopped at the
Sixteenth-street station the officers
boarded the train and were calmly re
ceived by the man they were looking for.
Hansted expressed his sorrow that he
should be placed under arrest. He had
expected that he would be allowed to go
of his own accord to the office of the
Chief of Police and surrender himself as
an evidence of his innocence. This privi
lege, however, was not allowed him. He
was taken into custody and hurried to the
City Hall. In the City Prison Hansted
pave his age ris 43, and his occupation
that of a clerk. He was arrested on a
bench warrant issued by the Superior
<ourt- on an indictment of the Grand
Jury.
He was placed under $10,000 bonds and
his attorneys. Pence 6c Pence and Grady,
devoted the afternoon in an effort to pro
cure bondfcmen. Jt being Saturday their
efforts were unavailing. Charles J. Pence
visited Judge Dunne at the latter's resi
dence last night and appealed to him to
reduce the bond. Judge Dunne, after
listening to Mr. Pence's statement, said
that he did not want any act of his to
appear doubtful. "Any act that I do," he
eald, "is open to the world. I feel that
a motion or suggestion of this kind should
be received in open court. If a statement
such as you make, Mr. Pence, is made in
open court on Monday it will be my duty
to entertain it and I assure you I will
consider It."
When notified that he would have to re
main in prison until Monday. Hansted
FREDERICK HANSTED, WHO HAS RETURNED TO FACE HIS
ACCUSERS.
"YOUNG DUTCHY" STOUTLY
DECLARES HIS INNOCENCE
Voluntarily Returns to Give Himself Up
, ] and Is Imprisoned.
COPPER EXPORTS
REACHING NEAR
SIXTY MILLIONS
Enormous Demand Abroad
Is Absorbing the Output
of the Mines.
Gravel Properties Shutting Down on
Account of Lack of Water — Prog
ress of Work in Several
Counties.
A ten-stamp mill will be operated by
the Arnot Company at Green Creek.
Mono County. Chlorir.ation works and a
r.ew arsay office are to be added to the
Castle Peak minej
An electric plant to cost $50.0nO will be
put in at the Turkey Hill mine. Placer
County. The Big Spring mine at Texas
Ri'lge. on the main north fork of the
American River, will be worked by Cof-
Jin & Oray.
Nearly ail the men at the Providence
mine. Nevada County, have been laid off.
The Pennsylvania Consolidated Gold
Mining Company has r.ued the Grass Val
ley Exploration Company to recover $600,
f«tO for rook alleged to have been taken by
the defendants out of the plalntiffs's ter
ritory.
Sinking in the Rhode Island has ceased
and at the bottom of the shaft. 145 feet
from the surface, drifting on the vein to
the east is in progress. Sinking was dis
continued to permit the installation of a
forty-horsepower hoisting plant just pur
chased in San Francisco The Seminole
pro up of mines, after lying idle for sev
eral vears, are to be worked .again under
the management of C. H. Thomas, form
erly superintendent of the Dead Horse
mine.
Work on the Stevenot mine in Cala
v.ra.< County has been suspended. The
Ghcst mine has bt-en cleared of water.
Many of the gravel mines in Calaveras
County havo been comoelled to shut down
lor lack of water. A iarge flow of water
has boon struck in tne Grand View
gravel mine near Ar.gels, and a fifty
horsepower engine will be put in to run
the six and ten inch ;>umps. There is a
great deal of prospecting about Altaville.
The Gold Hill mini will soon resume
operations.
Advices from El Dorado County are
that a ten-siamp mill will soon start at
the Omo mire. Development work at the
Alpine gold quartz mines, near George
town, is progressing. The Mount Pleas
ant mine, near Orizzly Flat, has been un
watered down to the W-foot level. The
Boston and South Dakota mine at Michi
gan Bluff is being largely improved. The
shaft at the Alpine gold quartz mine,
near Georjrt-town. is down 103 feet. '
The ditch and flume that will carry
¦water from Cherokee to the Banner mine.
Butte County, have been completed.
Salt Lake City rnen have been sampling
the mines at Darwin, Inyo County, be
longing to the estate cf the late Patrick
Keddy, and may buy them.
The Pumpkin mine at Coulterville.
Maxiposa County, will be worked. The
Nameless Mining Company, at White's
Gulch, has begun a dam across the
Merced River ar.d a tramway has been
built from the mine to the river.
The exportation of the products of
American mines is assuming- great pro
portions. Copper is naturally in the lead,
owing to the great demand for this metal
occasioned fcy its adaptability to electrical
uses, which are rapidly multiplying. So
conservative an authority as the New
York Sun figures out that the value of
American copper pent abroad in twelve
months is J5»,C:3.3j6. The estimate is
based upon an average valuation of 17
cents per pound, the amount-being 311,255,
040 pounds. The statements of the Sun
¦will bear repetition, for California, as a
great producer of copper, is largely inter
ested in the European market.
Notice has been officially given that the
Witwattrsrand mining district in South
Africa will te again thrown open In Oc
tober. Great activity is expected. Mines
have been damaged more by disuse and
by careless nnd iprnorant handling during
the Boer war than through evil Intention.
There will be a demand for mining ma
chinery unquestionably.
The Sonora Union-Democrat gives the
following facts concerning the mines in
Tuolumr.e County: The Providence shaft
Is down L>00 fet-t and a drift is being run
to the south. Ten stamps are kept drop
ping r.ight and day. The Imogene mine
at Stent has shut down. The Riverside
mine is crosscutting on the vein in the
face of the IKK) foot tunnel. The little
Giant mine, COO feet south of the Dens
more, has been bonded to James McCor
rolck and others, with an option to pur
chase at the end of one year for $15,000.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, 1900.
Commission Appointed by General
Wood • Refuses to Act.
HAVANA, Aug. 1L— Senors Llorente,
Gllberga and Tamayo met the Bishop of
Havana and General Wood at the palace
last night and discussed the church prop
erty question. This committee of Judges
finally declined to undertake an Investi
gation and resigned, refusing any further
participation in the matter of determining
the disposition of the income from church
property.
They said the matter was one for the
Cubans or the military commission au
thorities to determine. General Wood will
CHURCH PROPERTY IN CUBA.
LIMA. Peru. Aue. 1L— At La Paz, Bo
llvla, to-day President Pandoz was in-,
stalled by Congress. His message was
loudly applauded.
President Pandoz Installed.
appoint another commission of five, wha
will Investigate the claim of the church.
Upon this committee It Is expected Senor
Tamayo will serve.
After seizing all of the church property
in 1S42 the Spaniards allowed the church
540O.00O annually. This revenue to tha
church was stopped on the American oc
cupation of the island and the money now
goes into the Island fund. The Bishop o£
Havana Is seeking restitution of this
money. ¦ , ,.-¦;'
40
FU£S! FURS!
Complete assortment of Real and Imitation at lowest market prices.
MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S LONG AND SHORT
- COATS 'AND CAPES in large variety.
GOLDEN GATE M
CLOAK AND SUIT HfflS£
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STFfe^F^T
JACKETS at $5.00, $7.50, $10.00, $12.00, $15.00.
These are all new Fall Styles, very stylish, and excellent values. The
BALANCE of our Spring Jackets are being offered at
Less Than Half of Former Prices.
At $20.00
$20.00 .
25 FINE TAILOR-MADE SUITS, Eton effect, silk-lined throughout;
extraordinary value at $30.00; to close,
48 BLACK, NAVY AND GRAY CAMELS' HAIR TAILORED
SUITS, new Fall style; jacket silk-lined; a very stylish suit; extra
valuc /\t $15.00
THIS "WEEK O2SnLT5T!
$6.00 ! $8.50 ! $10.00 ! $12.50!
At Less Than Cost of Production
400 TAILOR-MADE SUITS
Hale's.
Hale's.
THE CREDIT HOUSE
Six Stori.s Hi£i.
The "Household" Rooker.'\ Low,
broad, flat arms— comfortable
for reading. Neat, strong- de-
sign; nicely finished.* One of.
a quarter - thousand • different
Rockers— one you'd' like' $1; 25
Madras Curtains'
• Picture', in your minds eye the
beauty of a room draped with Mad-
ras Curtains, s Their soft, contrast- >"
: ing tints delight the ; artistic -eye.
They are so durable, too. 5 You can"
„ see in the Drapery/ Departmest just -
how they would look in your, room. ¦
50 pairs $3.oo;;were ; $ 4.00 .": ¦
42 : pairs ; $4.00, were ' 5 5. 50
38 pairs $5.50, -j. were $8.00.
32 pai rs : $7. 50; .were - $ 10.00
28 pairs $7".5o,{were ; $i2.6o. ;
CARPET" DEPARTMENT- '
: Malgara Rugs^ Bright Oriental
colors and and patterns. Big enough ¦
for the sofaj.soft and thick; for. bedv,
room comfort.- Good * for, apy: part
'.of;the house: -Fringed- ends. 3 feet v
by 6 feet, ; $1,25;. regularly '{&&{
- Free Delivery. r Oakland.* AUmeda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO..
(Incorporated). - . . . .
: 233 -237 Post St. Open Evenin q$;
'4 i /wSS^^^wHIi" ttiis w88k new lines for closins in place
1 1 w ° f the man y cIos8[| early in ttl8 sal8 ~- bbw
1 1 /x >^Wl^^^^» r iSKira lines of a(lllBl! merit in eYery d8 P artmBn{ ' nBW
' 1 i'jM^mt^^^^mif^^m P rices ' litt!er than b8for8) and thB storB is
k il^W^^P^S^^^M^ chan 2 ed ' thB displays stockier and ™~ mM *
WiSBl.r I^mPS) when you came last week you were surprised
I If- IS at m mm] sale priC8S On ' Hal8 ' S gOOd
¦al' IlvJII^^^HHRP^^^ goods, when you come this week you will
1 7iw Hi/ fi^^^^Hl^^^ • wonder how things GOlll!l b8 so cliail2e!l ail[I
/IM 1 !v l^^^^^^^^S- • yet be the same sale— you'll find more life,
ililifl SIS vi^^^^^^^^^^^ more strength, more goods on show, more
beddings are bulky toy stock is break- underwear and ho- shirt a?sts » fluck
— clumsu to move) able j to move it would sieru — we have too suits and # skirts are
| sheets and cases and result in serious loss manu small lines, too summer stocks, there's
linens v are heayu-*- —a loss which would small to Quote prices no room for them in
i hard to move, we do nobodu uood- we on, too good to pass, the new store, we rath-
much prefer selling prefer to cut the loss onlu complete lines er sell at a loss than
i than moving, this' off the prices and give are wanted in the new carru— move— and sac-
week will be partic- uou the benefit, dolls store/immediate sell- rifice them later— the
I ularlu Interesting in particularly low ing is important to first loss is the best,
these departments; priced now — special us and economical for we realize it — our
i thriftu housekeepers display to. greet; uou, you. removal sale prices
¦~ a X'.rit. , r^\r hsr Jffl7 '^m? prove It-
doors //Smf^ an< *
west. ,..^- < 'iH£aia>^ ||| >h j^^f t j^ l <^*^r^^^ deliveries.
f I ! ma!
~^. . j too!
(Trade Mark on Each Shew.) *™.
: Do You Know I
; the Merits of ?£
| If youhave never worn them ing
j buy just one pair for a trial. *£.•
If style and comfort do not in *
satisfy you our judgment Is at evf«
I fault and you will be with the fu 'r ]
| minority, for a large majority m y
have pronounced $ l \
"SorosiS" 1
PFCi
THB BEST SHOE ha\
EVER FOLD AT cou
; spy
COU
A PAIR. cen
: (The following- four new special ""
styles have been added J. un
this week: njj
rjaSIES 4 PATENT LEATHER UA.CE.
XV FBEKCU HKKT.S. are
INDIES' PATENT LEATHER OX- an *
FORDS, XV FRZNCH HEEL8.
XJIDIES' RUSSET' BICTCX,E BOOTS. Ch
, LAT.IES' BLACK BICYCLE BOOTa
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
5O THIRD STREET, j™
Btcotfl Shoe Bttrt Frca Karket Strett, ; or
SAN FRANCISCO. the
•__ T
"We prepay dellverjr charse* on all So- ?**
ro«l» Bhoe* enumerated In catalogue to i? 1 ]
any part of the United States. ¦ Bo1
CATALOGUE READT. ™^
„ _ ¦ ¦ Ural
Hale's.
Hole's.