SA.N FRANCISCO;* WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 62.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Special Cable to The Call and. New York' Herald. Copyright, 19OO, by the Herald Publishing Company.
TIENTSIN (via * Chef u), July 29.- — Despite the, perilous situation in Peking no active move is
being made by the military forces here. This causes a strong feeling" among the citizens. The
foreign forces are occupied with international jealousies. They lack one head to take the di
rection of affairs. Officers are giving garden parties, while ninety miles away their countrymen ar,e
in danger of massacre. They exaggerate the difficulties of the advance to Peking, instead of active
ly overcoming them. v
I believe that a rapid advance after the taking of Tientsin would have found the Chinese
demoralized and ready to surrender. Peking could then have been easily relieved. Time has now
been afforded them for recuperation..
More than twenty thousand men are doing nothing in Tientsin. Officers say that forty thou
sand troops are necessary in order to hold the little line of communication, and that it will be no use
starting unless they can push through. Others say that the great plains on the way to Peking
have been artificially flooded by the Boxers; that the roads are impassable for transportation and
that they must wait for rains for river transportation, a large amount of- which is necessary for the
wounded, who cannot be left behind on account of the barbarous character of the enemy.
Two views are held here about the recent news of Viceroy Yuan Shi Kai respecting the
9 safety of the Ministers in Peking. The first is this: The fact that Yuan said "My Emperor has is
- sued a decree that the Ministers are safe" indicates that the Chinese Government is re-established
in Peking and that Kwang Hsu is again in power This means the rapid extinction of the war
party. The Ministers now 'held there will buy cheap peace from the powers. The second view is that
if the Ministers are safe under the protection of the Chinese Government theo first act of the latter
would be to forward the Ministers' messages, instead of vicarious information about their safety.'
Recent code dispatches which come undated xontradict Chinese reports regarding the pro
tection given. These messages are merely means to hoodwink foreigners into inaction while Pek
ing is being evacuated and all the treasure removed.
A curious question is how Yuan Shi Kai, a»rebel, who has refused to obey the order to
take his troops to Peking, can have constant communication with the capital. - -
By JOHN F. BASS
From Le Petit Parlsien.
REGULAR TROOPS OF THE IMPERIAL ARMY AT PEKING.
Special' Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. 'Copyright. "1900, by the Herald I'ub
' llshln? Company. ,
CHEFU, July 2S-— The Chinese shelled
passing trains on the Newchwang-Port
Arthur line Thursday morning, twenty
miles below Newchwang. A Russian ofll
cer sent to make inquiries never returned.
After ' waiting a considerable time the
Russians bombarded and razed the fort?
and: then proceeding to 'Newchwang in
quired for the soldiers who had run away.
CHINESE SHELLED THE
PASSING RAILROAD TRAINS
/ It turns out that the soldiers were -i
puard of the Taotal of Newchwang. who
were protecting the settlements. There
fore the attack was a mistake. The Chi
nese brought their dead to the yamen of
the Taotal. and on complaining were com
pensated by beins paid 100 taels for the
dead and 40 tacls for the wounded.
Much bitter feeling prevails there. Thre
hundred natives immediately fled am!
boarded the Benclutha and have arrived
at Chefu.
They were Informed that they were in
camp three miles from Newchwang. On
arriving there they demanded the evacu
ation of the place. The Chinese refuseu.
ana the Russians attacking, killed six
and wounded twelve. They themselves
had six men wounded.
WASHINGTON', July 31.-Doubt has given way to a feeling akin to cer
tainty that the legationers at Peking and the gallant marines who man
aged to reach the Chinese capital just in the nick of time were not only
alive on July 22 but In all probability are still alive ami likely to remain
so until they are released from their state of siege. The officials here feel cer
tain that the attack by the Chinese on the legations will not be renewed. They
are convinced that the counsels of the Viceroys In the great southern and cen
tral provinces and the advice of LI Hung Chang have had effect, and that who
ever is still In power in Peking, whether Emperor, Empress. Shine. Tuan or
Tung, now have been made to see the necessity for the preservation of the lega
tions. The officials here, while anxious that the movement on Peking begin at
once, do not attach credence to the' rumor mentioned by General Chaffee that
the forward march was to begin to-day. There are two reasons for their in
credulity. In the first place. Chaffee's force, his splendid cavalry and his bat
talion of artillery, are exactly what are needed to strengthen a weak spot In
the international column. In the second place (and Information on this point
comes through' European channels), some of the foreign commanders are still
of the opinion that they cannot begin the campaign before the last week In Au
gust at the earliest. The United States Government has not acceded to thl»
view and is relaxing no effort to bring about a change of plans on this point
But our representations . have been met by the almost unanswerable arerument
that the decision of this Important question properly should be, left to the mili
tary commanders on the spot, who must bear the responsibility for the outcome
of the expedition.
A rather startling proposition was advanced to-day which. If adopted, might
put at once to test the Chinese profession that the Boxers, and not the Chinese
Government, are responsible for what has happened in Peking. This was to the
effect that the Chinese Government should be Informed that the international
force was prepared to take the Government at Us word and to join forces with
it in crushing out the Insurrection. The kernel of just such a proposition is to
be found in the last condition laid down by the President In his reply to tho
appeal of the Emperor. Kwang Hsu. and there may be a development In that di
rection speedily. Secretary Root says that nothing has been received from China
either officially or unofficially, which necessitates any change In the Instruction^
given Major General Chaffee.
If there Is any advance on Peking. It is presumed that such of the United
States forces as are now ready will participate In the movement. If dispatches
are received at Tientsin from Minister Conger or others in tne legation at Pe
king which change the existing conditions. Major General Chaffee will act In
accordance with ruch Information. The Secretary says General Chaffee has full
powers and has been Intrusted" with the command of the United States forces
because of the confidence the Government has In his ability to meet any situa
tion that may arise.
It Is evident from the dispatches received from General Chaffee that only a
portion of his force can be utilized If an immediate advance is made. It Is not
believed that all of the equipments of the last expedition sent from Manila have
been landed, and It is of course apparent that th© horses and most of the equip
ment of the Sixth Cavalry are still at sea. The Ninth Infantry and the two bat
talions of the Fourteenth Infantry, together with the marines, are the only
troops of the United States actually available on Chinese service at this time.
All of the American Forces Not Yet Ready
for the Advance on Peking, but This Is
a Matter Left to General Chaffee's
Discretion.
/^NALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASH-
July 31. — China's rulers are believed to have
awakened to a realization of the* dangers in which they
have become involved through their treatment of the Ministers
in Peking. Their whole object now seems to be to prevent, if
possible, the advance of the international forces, and it is not
believed here that there is any immediate danger of the Minis
ters and those under their protection being maltreated. This,
however, is all conjecture built upon the brief messages that
have come from the legations.
The report from private sources in Peking that China offi
cially declared Avar on June 20 is not credited by the administra
tion for the reason that no mention of such action is made in any
of the reports from the legations. It is thought to be quite
{ probable, however, that Chinese officials construed the attack on
the Taku forts by all the powers except the United States as the
practical beginning of war, and that this may account in some
measure for the subsequent events in Peking.
Some comment has been caused by the delay in the trans
mission of the message which Major Waller of the Marine
Corps received from Minister Conger. According to private
messages which have been made public Conger's message en me
in a package delivered to Major Waller, presumably by some
messenger that he succeeded in getting into Peking and out
again.
The only explanation that can be made is that Major Wal
:-ler's dispatch has beeiwlelayed by red tape from being transmit
ted through the regular official channels to Rear Admiral
Remey to be forwarded by him to Washington.
The Ministers apparently see no danger to themselves and
to' the women and children under their protection in aggressive
action by the powers. All their messages urge early relief, and
they probably have full confidence in the ability of the little band
of marines who so gallantly resisted the attacks of the Chinese
for a month to keep up the fight long enough to enable the re
lieving column to reach Peking.. For these reasons it is not be
lieved that if the Chinese open up telegraphic communication
with the Ministers any advice received from them will change
the determination of the powers to march on Peking and dictate
a permanent settlement of the Chinese question with that city
under their gun's.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Apparent Safety of the Minis
ters at Peking Will Not
Change the Determina
tion of the Powers toMarch
on the Chinese Capital
and Dictate a Permanent
Settlement of the Present
Troubles.
CHINESE DECLARE A TRUCE AND
STOP FIRING ON THE LEGATIONS
Messages From Peking State
That Minister Conger and
Family Are Safe and Well,
but if the Mongols Resume
the Attack Foreigners Can
not Hold Out Much Lon
ger — Japanese Marines
Doing Good Work.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
LONDON, August 1.— The Daily Mail publishes the following
from its special correspondent:
SUANG HAI, July 31.— A telegram from Tientsin
states that a courier has just arrived there bringing advices from
Peking up to July 21. Messages from the British, German, Japa
nese and American Ministers were brought, besides private let
ters. In substance these messages contain the following infor
mation:
The Chinese declared a truce on July 16 and stopped firing
on the legations. The defenders have very little ammunition, and
if the shelling should be resumed they will not be able to hold out
long. Europeans hoped for speedy relief when they heard of the
Tientsin victory.
The American Minister states that his family are all safe
and well. Sir Robert Hart notifies Commissioner Drew that Bre
don of the Customs staff and his family are well.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— The War Department this
afternoon received two cablegrams from China. The first
reads:
"CHEFU (undated). — Corbin, Washington: Tientsin, July
27. — Message just received from Conger says since 16th by
agreement no firing. Have provisions several weeks; little am
munition. All safe, well.
'I (Daggett) report allied forces soon advance. " Practically
no looting by Americans; no unnecessary killing. India arrived
26th. Order McCann, Sladen, both Aliens, Mitchell, Brice join
regiment here. DAGGETT."
The second reads:
"CHEFU. — Corbin, Washington: Tientsin, July 30. —
Flintshire arrived 27th. Two hundred and fifty-seven Ninth In
fantry sick, two doctors, one hundred Hospital Corps men,
twenty signal men needed. Unavoidable delay unloading trans
ports. Foreign troops arriving. DAGGETT."
Adjutant General Corbin to-day received a dispatch from
Lieutenant Colonel Coolidge, commanding the Ninth Infantry
at Tientsin. It came by way of Chefu, and is as follows:
"TIENTSIN, July 2*7.— Following letter of Lieutenant
Colonel Shiba, military attache at the legation of Peking, dated
July 22, arrived at Tientsin on July 25, at 9 o'clock in the even
ing:
" 'PEKING, July 22, evening. — We are all awaiting impa
tiently arrival of reinforcing arm}-. When are you coming? All
legations have been blockaded since the 13th of last month,
and since the 20th we have been attacked continually night and
day by the Chinese soldiers from more than ten encampments.
By supreme efforts we are still defending. We are daily wait
ing with the greatest anxiety the arrival of reinforcing army, and
if you can't reach here in less than a week's time it is probable
that we will be unable to hold out any longer. The Emperor and
Empress Dowager appear to be still at Peking. Were our
reinforcements to arrive it is very probable that thew would flee
to Wan Shoshan. Killed ami wounded up to date — Eight killed,
one a captain of infantry and an Embassador's attache; seven
seriously wounded, the first secretary. of legation being one of
twenty slightly wounded. The number of Europeans killed is
sixty in all. - COOLIDGE.' "
ROME, July 31.— The commander of the Italian cruiser
Elbe at Tientsin received the following telegram to-day from
the Japanese military attache at Peking, dated July 22:
"The legations are eagerly awaiting relief. Cannot hold
out long. Sixty Europeans killed."
SUMMARY OF THE LATEST
NEWS FROM CHINA.
"AH safe and well."
So runs the report from, United States Minister Conger, which was
sent off from Peking presumably on July 21. .The message, in view of Sir
Claude Macdonald's and other reports of casualties among the besieged,
can refer only to. th2 Americans besieged in Peking, and may refer merely
to the embassy staff and Minister's family. .
An urgent appeal for relief comes from the Japanese legation in Pe
king.; This message, dated July 23, says that the defense cannot .'be. main
tained-for longer. -than a week. It is difficult to understand the Japanese
statement, which indicates a continuance or active hostilities, except on the
assumption that the Japanese legation was not comprised in the armis
tice which Sir Claude Macdonald said began on July 16.
General Gaselee, British commander at the mouth of the Peiho, noti
fied his Government that he would advance on Peking without delay, while
Genera! Chaffee on his side has instructions to move forward with ail pos
sible speed. * ¦¦{ .'; -..-/
It is believed in London that the advance for the relief of Peking has
probably begun. Advices from Tientsiri report scouting in the, direction oT
the capital,: doubtless preliminary to a general movement of the allied
forces. That the movement for the relief of Peking would have been begun
already had the allied troops: been ;' under. one supreme head is the opinion
prevailing at Tientsin, as reflected in dispatches from: The Call's special
correspondent there, «Jqhn F. v Bass. f „ /
Colonel, Daggett,;com*T?ancling: the Fourteenth Regiment, in a report
conveying Minister C6n^en?s- dispatch, states -that 2o7 men of the Ninth
Infantry are on the sick list;, ,
GREAT BRITAIN WILL
NOT CAUSE DELAY
1/)SDON. July 31.— United States fcm
t^ssartor Choate Fnw Lord Salisbury \his
evening and risked his views with reglrd
to the chances in the Chinese *ituatf»>n
broi^M about by the direct dispatcnis
from Prklng. Lord Salisbury as?ur<il
Mr. Choato that Gr^at Britain had no liv
lentSon of delaying the advance on Pekini
r.«r. *o far a* he knew, had any otlier
P °Lcrd Snl!«br3ry entirely acquiesced in
Secretary Hay'* desire to advance on Pe
ki:c as fapidlv as possible. He had no In
tention of barpair.5r)g with China irr ary
wv snapp "r form until the Minister!
were safe unfior tholr own military escorti
SHANHAIKWAN IS
OCCUPIED Bf RUSSIANS
*»C~IKFTT, Julv 27.— The Russians have
occupied Shannaikwan. after ha^ng
ri"»*n the Chinese notice. The Chinese
evacuated the place without tiring a shot.
JAPANESE MARINES
RESIST ALL ATTACKS
WASHINGTON. July 31.-The Japanese
Consul at Tientsin telegraphed on the 27th
Inst. a dispatch dated the 19th from the
Japanese Minister at Peking to the For
eign Office at Tokio. which had reached
Tientsin by special courier on the 25th
The Minister says: . .
"The Japanese marines and others con
tinue undpr command of the military at
tache, Lieutenant ColoneJ Shiba, to resist
,the repeated attacks of Tung Fuh Slants
Vrosps. I think we can hold out, though
ih» task is by no means an easy one until
v.e are relieved by the division of Jam.
0"se troops which 1 hear through a spe
cJU messenger will arrive 'at Tientsin by
the end of this month. The Chinese have
st'.ppod firing since the 17th, and the Chi
nese authorities are apparently disposed
Ito open negotiations.
\ "Attache Jfojima Captain Ando of the
Imperial areny, H. Nakamura and five
barlnes have been killed, while Xarabara'
t-cond secretary of- the legation, a stu
<lnt and six marines have been wounded;
tnugn not moi tally. Many others have
a\o been slightly wounded."
The San Francisco Call.Welsh Midget Defeated.
SARATOGA, N. Y., July 31.— The annual
summer meeting of the Saratoga Racing
Association begins to-morrow. The track
Is In first-class condition and there are
more horses now i*eady to ] race than for
several years past at'sueh an early stage
of the meeting. The first race will be
called dally at 1:30 o'clock and the entire
programme of rive 'events will be run be
fore 4 o'clock. .-:.".;
Saratoga Opening.
NEW YORK, July 31.— The steamer
Havana arrived here .to-day from Havana
in tfie record time of two days, fifteen
hours and thirty minutes. Among her
passengers were Captain Lucien Young,
U. S. N.; captain of the port of Havana:
Colonel O. L. Wood, who Is on his way
to San Francisco, where he has been ap
pointed chief commissary, and Major F. I.
Ives. -
Army Officer Coming.
Rioters at Belige, British Honduras,
• Suppressed at the Point of '
, the Bayonet.
NEW ORLEANS, July 31,-News
reached here to-day of a riot at Belize,
British Honduras., The tax on the neces
sities of life was increased and the labor
ing classes revolted. A' man named Huer
led the mob. which stormed the palace of
Governor General Wilson, demanding: an
audience. The Colonial Guards dispersed
the mob at the point of the bayonet.
. "The Boers are preparing to retreat
from Watervalboven. Frank Pettigrew.
son of Senator Pettigrew, has arrived
there and has joined Commandant Gen
eral Botha's staff."
CITIZENS REVOLT WHEN
TAXES ARE RAISED
LONDON, July 31.— A dispatch received
from Lord Roberts materially modifies
yesterday's statement of the surrender of
5000 rebels under General Prinsloo. It now
appears that Generals Prlnslop, Vllliera
and Crowther surrendered with 9S6 men.
1432 horses. 955 rifles and a Krupp nine
pounder. Some of the leaders in more
distant parts of the -hills hesitated to
come In on the plea that they are inde
pendent of General Prinsloo. Lord Roberts
adds that he has directed General Hunter
to resume hostilities forthwith and to
listen to" no excuses.
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent of
the Dally Express says:
tor, Has Joined Commandant
General Botha's Staff.
Frank Pettigrew, a Son of the Sena-
PRINSLOO SURRENDERED
BUT A THOUSAND MEN
LONDON, July 31.— The Gazette orders
the court in mourning for King Humbert
from August 2 to August 23, and for the
Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Ootha from
August 20 to September 23.
BRITISH COURT IN MOURNING.
. PARIS. July 31.— A special dispatch from
Madrid : to- the Temps-says: "The police
Have a picture of Bressi, the'assasaln of
King- Humbert, taken at Barcelona last
¦spring during the visit there or the Span*
jsh; Mini!M.er of the Interior. Senor Dato.
whom he is said to have wished to as
sassinate, but Bressi was dissuaded from
that purpose by the Catalan anarchists,
whose efforts at that time were directed
toward securing pardons for their core
ligionists."
The Temps dispatch adds that the police
of St. Sebastian expelled on Sunday an
Italian who had arrived from France
without papers or means of support.
SALISBURY DENOUNCES
ACTS OF ANARCHISTS
ROME. July 31.— The Trlbuna says the I
assassination of King Humbert Is be- j
lieved to be the result of a plot. A non- '
militant anarchist recently declared, so
the Tribuna asserts, that a meeting had
been held in Parts at which lots were
drawn and several persons were selected
to kill the King.
.Besides Bressi, five persons have been
taken Into custody at Monza.
In the absence of the new King, the
Ministry has Issued in his name, a mani
festo to the nation, as follows:
"King Victor Emmanuel III, In ascend
ing the throne, has to perform the painful
duty of announcing to the country the
awful calamity which has violently cut
short the valuable life of King Humbert.
The nation, wounded In Its sincere affec
tion for the august dead, and In a sincere
feeling of devotion and adhesion to the
dynasty, while execrating the cruel crime,
will be plunged Into profound grief for
the venerated memory of a good, brave
and magnanimous King, the pride of hi?
people and the worthy perpetuator of tha
traditions of the House of Savoy, b/
rallying with unshakable loyalty around
his august successor. Italians will prove
by their deeds that their institutions do
not die."
The King received the first news of the,
assassination of his father by semaphore^
¦The police are pushing inquiries In a\
directions, but Information with regard y
the assassin, Bressi. is not yet very dey
nite. It appears that when he was searcf
lng for lodgings on Friday at Monza 4e
was accompanied by a young man, wh«n :
KING HUMBERT'S DEATH
THE RESULT OF A PLOT
Bressi maintains an air of the utmost
cynicism. In the course of his examina
tion, he declared himself to be a revolu
tionary anarchist, and said he was ready
to resume* operations if he were released.
The assassin has been removed from the
local police station to the Jail.
Slgnor Saracco, the Premier, on his ar
rival at the royal villa to tender his con
dolences to Queen Margherlta had an im
pressive audience, lasting a half-hour. All
the royal Princes, the Queen of Portugal
and the Duke of Oporto have arrived
here.
King Victor on the "Way to Rome.
LONDON, July 31.-A special dispatch
from Rome says: King Victor Emmanuel
III arrived at Brindlsi to-day unexpect
edly. The dispatch adds that the young
Queen fainted when she was informed of
the assassination of King Humbert The
King and Queen started for Monza im
mediately after reaching Brindisi.
REGGIO DE CALABRIA. July 31.—
Klng , victor Emmanuel in arrived here
at noon aboard his yacht, preceded by a
torpedo boat which had been sent in
search of him. The King started for Rome
at 1 o'clock p.m..
MONZA, July 31.— The body of King
Humbert, dressed in black, lies to-day on
the bed ordinarily used by him. Around
the massive candelabra, holding burning
tapers, at the foot and head of the bed.
are flowers placed by Queen Margherlla.
who passed the long hours of the night in
prayer by the bed in which the body lies.
Father Blgnami. the court chaplain, is in
Immediate charge of the bier. The Car
dinal Archbishop of Milan has ordered a
requiem mass In all the churches in hia
diocese.
Enormous numbers of telegrams and
letters of condolence continue to arrive,
including telegrams from the most Illus
trious families in Italy.
Passed Hours in Prayer.
J- ri4 drsired to accompany the re-
SSSS -SffiSSgSgk has
had arranged to meet K|"J 1 ™ t
manuel. but. as in conformitj
etiquette, the journey of UlMajebtvw
Monza was strictly P?"*?£l^M*« *£».
abandoned. For a similar re^e 9
Ministers decided not to go to
Bressi. the assassin, was born »" Prat £
In WO. He was denounced inl£9- as a
SnVerous rioter and deported to the
Sand of Pantellarla. In 1S0G ho was lib
"rated under the amnesty after the , bat Ua
of Adowa; and in lSSTT he went to the
U Quecn St Ma e rghenta has invited Verdi
compose a requiem mass. If he declines.
Mascagnl will be commissioned. As the
facts develop it is seen that warnlnSM'
the crime had been given and much lnd «,-.
nation is felt at the failure of the police
to tak- greater precautions. A magistrate
examined Bressi, who was sullen and de
fiant, replying: "I did not kill Humbeit.
i I killed the King." x.«,v
I He admitted that he was in Monza .FarK
! the previous day with a lady, and angrily
protested that what he had done was not
a crime, but an act of justice. ..,-. : • ; •¦ ; y
Arrest of Suspects.
Among the persons arrested at Prato is
a woman named Teresa Brugnoli, said to
have been the mistress of the assassin
A Tuscan named Giusta. who lived In
the house of Remala. in Milan, and other
• «u«pects have been arrested there. The
j assassin speaks English. French and
" OENEVA, July 31.-In spite of all their
efforts the police have not succeeded in
identifying the assassin of King Humbert
as the man Bressi who was watched here
In 1898. The authorities are only able to
affirm one thing, namely, that the Geneva:
anarchists, who are mostly Italians, are
in regular correspondence with their coun
trymen in Faierson, N.-J.. from which
point all orders come, .
In view of the attitude of Lucchenl
when questioned about Bressi and the
Paterson group, the police are assured
that the crimes of recent years have been
the successive phases of a plot.
• , It is said in official circles that at the
opening of the Federal Parliament a bill
will be brought for the expulsion of refu
gees in Switzerland.
CHINESE REFORMER
SCORES DOWAGER EMPRESS
FACADE AND IMPERIAL PAVILIONS OF THE CATHEDRAL OF, PEKING.
1500 refugees, including 120 sick and
wounded.
A Russian force crossed* the frontier at
Abagaitu on July 26. Work on the rail
v.ayhas been resumed there.
The Russians have burned some Chinese
villages and expelled a Chinese garrison
cf 2000 from the fortress at Bantjun. cap
turing seven Krupp guns which had^noc
yet been mounted, the carriages of four
naval guns and a quantity of ammunition.
The Russian Consul at Kuddja sends
the following under date of July 27:
"The Governor of Kuddja received or
ders from the Empress to exterminate the
Russians, and the Chinese were preparing
to execute the command, but since tl<a
arrival of Russian troops for the protec
tion of the consulate matters have been
quiet."
The Russian Consul at Kashgar reports
an alarming state of affairs there, owin;;
to the excitement among the Chinese
troops. V
CHRISTIANS PLUNDERED.
BOSTON, July 31— The American Board
received a dispatch to-day, from' Rev. 'J.«E.
Wulktr of- Fuchau. saying:;- "Mob de
stroyed Shoawu property;.'. Christians
. . . ,' . v . •/•,¦*¦•. . ,¦; :
I Shaowu is the interior station of ? the
American Board. mission In Fuchau.H'Rev.
G. • Milton; Gardner and i Dr." \V."iXi' Bliss,
who' belong to the- Shaowu -station, are
' "On July 22. the Consul .General of 'the
United States telegraphed the . United
States Minister In Peking, through the in
termediary of the local . authorities.
Sheng, the Taotai, has Informed hlm> that
the Tsung II Yamen refuses. to transmit
messages In cipher to the Minister and
requires that all dispatches be In ordinary
language."
BRUSSELS, Aug. 1.— The Minister of
Foreign Affairs, M. do Fauvreau, has" re
ceived the following dispatch from AI., de
Car tier d.c. Marchiene, secretary of the
Belgian legation in China, now at Shang
hai, dated July 31:
WASHINGTON, July 31.-The follow
ing telegram I was received at the State
Department this afternoon from Consul
Fowler:
"CHEFU, July 31.-Secretary of State,
Washington: Twenty-first wired Gover
nor for information from Paoting-Fu.
Nine days unanswered. Wired yesterday..
He now replies that Paoting-Fu, : city
and neighborhood, thick with rebels; Im
possible to obtain slightest news 'or. sen 1
messenger. My latest information shows
the following were at Paotlng-Fu: Slm
cox, wife, three children; Hodge and wife;
Taylor, Wilkire, Miles, Morell, Americans,
and Beganall. wife and daughter and
probably. Cooper. FOWLER."
CIPHER MESSAGE REFUSED.
FOWLER'S LATEST REPORT.
BATTLE RAGED ON
THE GRAND CANAL
CHEFU, July 30. — A telegram from. Chi
nan-Fu, capital of Shantung, says that
Tung Fuh Slang and some Boxers* are
coming south. A battle was raging Sun
day with Yuan Shi Kai's troops under
General Suen, near Thohchow, on "'the
grand canal. On Suen's side , 800 troops
were engaged and two officers were killed.
LOS ANGELES, July 31.-J. C. Webb,
for more than four years employment sec
retary of the Y. M. C. A. of this city, has
received a call from the International
Association Committee to accompany
some troops now being sent to China. <:'He
will do Christian work under direction of
the association and leaves next Tuesday
for San Francisco to sail on the : first
GOING TO CHINA
WITH THE TROOPS
" 'Imperial edict states that various
Ministers, except German, are well and
provisions have been supplied.' , ¦;¦"
"REMEY."
PROVISIONS SUPPLIED :.^ y
TCk BESIEGED MINISTERS
.WASHINGTON, July 31.— The following
dispatch from Admiral Remey was. re
ceived by ' the Navy Department .this
morning: . • '¦¦'¦ ' '¦>!
"CHEFU, July 21.— Bureau of Naviga
tion, Washington: Taku, July 2S. Japan
ese military attache, Peking, letter July
22. reports legations besieged since June
13! Continually attacked from June 2")
until July 17. Attack then ceased am!
Chinese soldiers apparently diminishing.
Sixty Europeans killed. Telegram from
Governor of Shantung, addressed to con
sular body. Chefu. says:
. PORTLAND. Or.. July 31.— Ledng Kl,
Hin. a nou-d Chinese reformer. "¦ and a
cousin of the great reformer, Lepng. Kl
IsadJ who has been recently sojourning-. tn ;
Honolulu, is here. Last, night LeonsSKi
Hin made a speech to.a large gathering of
:Chinese in. the Chinese Theater.: In which
hc ; severely arragned the present Govern
ment at Peking for conservative ideas; and
: mismanagement! of public affairs..' -He
lilkmes the Dowager Empress . and. her
tools for intriguing with the Boxers in
stead of promptly putting down the rebels.
Leong Ki Hin was frequently applauded
when he alluded to the United States as
a friend of China and explained to his
hearers that the United States will prob
ably use its Influence with the powers and
restore Emperor Kwang Su to the throne
with a reconstructed government on a
modern plan so that the country will be
civilized and life and property of foreign
ers made safe. Leong Ki Hin will prob
ably visit all the chief cities In the United
States where there are Chinese and after
that take a trip to Mexico, Cuba and
Porto Rico. ' . . •¦•¦.:.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 3l.-Offlclal re
ports have been received .here that tne
Chinese have again bombarded Blagovesi- :
cnensk, capital of the "Amur Government,
on'July 26 and; July 2S. ; ; The Russian guns
replied and reinforcements were then ap
proaching."
v.On July 28 a steamer arrived at L»u. Cha
Su towing three boats* from Harbin witb
LONDON, July 31.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentary Sec
retary for the Foreign Office,, William St.
John Broderlck. announced the receipt
of a dispatch from^ General Sir Alfred
Gazelee, comanding the British forces in
China, stating that he contemplated an
Immediate advance on Peking and that
he hoped to have the co-operation of the
allied forces.
WASHINGTON. July 31.— The War De
partment has received the following cable
gram from General Chaffee:
"CHEFU, July SO.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Have had interview with
the admiral. -Got ashore this afternoon;
facilities for unloading not adequate,
therefore discharging slowly. Informed
Byron has ordered tug for towing two
seventy-ton lighters. If tug is obtained
discharging will improve. .The Indiana
will finish discharging to-day and will pro
ceed to Nagasaki: take two days to un
load horses of Reiliy's Battery. , Week
before Grant discharged of cargo. Will
see Dag'gett to-day. Reported In Taku
Bay intention to make forward movement
to-morrow toward Peking; details not
known here. Arrive at Tientsin too late
to-morrow to cable from there. Messages
from Tientsin must leave Tongku at 6
o'clock in. the morning to catch dispatch
boat at anchorage for Chefu at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon. Soon as possible will
get definite information as regards condi
tions and purposes at Tientsin. Will cable
my views. _ CHAFFEE."
CHINESE ORDERED TO
EXTERMINATE RUSSIANS
LOXDOX, July 31.— A special dispatch,
from Tientsin to-day says: . . - ; .
"A Peking dispatch dated July 21 states
that the first outside news reached there
July IS. The failure of the relief expedi
tion made the siege far more perilous.
On June 19 the Tsung 11 Yamen broke off
relations. On June 20 China declared war.
Baron von Keteller and Francis James,
an English professor, were murdered.
Over 400 non-combatants occupied th«
British legation.
"I understand converts are holding the
north -cathedral. A thousand refugees oc
cupied the palace of^Prlnce Lu. A truce
began July 17, after twenty-six days of
fierce assault. .One night the shelling was
uninterrupted for six hours. Four at
tempts were made to fire the British lega
tion. Two attacks resulted in the ruin of
the Han Lin College (the Chinese national
college). The cowardice of the Chinese
prevented a successful rushing. The total
killed or dead is: Germans, 10; Japanese,
10; French. 11; British. 5; Russians, 4;
Americans, 7;. Italians. 7: converts. 9.
Total wounded, 9S. The correspondents
Morrison. Reid and Tementy are ill.
"At least 2000 Chinese have been killed.
The Americans occupy a strong position
on the city wall. Provisions are still suf
ficient. The hospital arrangements are
excellent. Everybody is much exhausted
by continuous work.
"Imperial edicts have commended the
Boxers and ordered missionaries to leave
the interior and commanded all Viceroys
to help Peking; but an edict dated July
18 enjoins protection and promises com
pensation. The report that a large relief
force was coming produced this change.
Foreign Governments should beware of
being hoodwinked."
PREPARING FOR AN
IMMEDIATE ADVANCE
TWO THOUSAND MONGOLS
KILLED IN PEKING FIGHT
LONDON. Aug. 1. 4 a. m.-A sensa- I
ticnal Shanghai correspondent still
hints that the Chinese are Juggling .
with dctcs, but In the face of the
constantly accumulating evidence ;
that the Ministers were safe on July 22 <
and despite the omission from all the dis- j
patches of anxiously desired Information
regarding the real situation, political and '
otherwise, at Peking there are very few [
In London who do not believe the dis- !
patches genuine and reliable. (
The allies now confront a most difficult j
and dangerous problem.' Without doubt j
the Ministers are held by the Chinese as-.
hostages, and the outcome of the advance j
on Peking. wh!ch in all probability has j
nlrcady begun, will be awaited with in
tense anxiety.
To-day's dispatches show that the allies. |
notably the Japanese, have been pushing j
their preparations with feverish haste, or- !
ganizing a service of pack cars, trains and i
junks. It is reported from Berlin that j
Lieutenant General von Lesscl, command- j
in? the German forces in China, whom i
Emperor Wiliiam has just promoted to j
the rank of poneral commanding an army j
corps, hns been selected as commander in ,
chief of the allied forces.
The Chinese are strongly intrenched at
Vans Tfiin, from which position, how- j
over, it Is believed they can be ejected j
v.ithout great .difficulty. The danger is i
that if defeated there the Chinese will re- j
tire on Peking and put the remainder of j
the Europeans to death. j
It is also possible that the advance of
the allies will be the signal for the Chi- j
nose authorities to compel all foreigners
to quit the capital, in which event they
might become the prey of the fanatical
Boxers.
The feeling of the newspapers here Is
that nothing whatever should delay the j
advance and that no negotiations of any j
kind should be countenanced until the al- !
li*>d troops reach Peking and assure them- J
selves regarding the fate of the foreign
ers. "-^ **.•¦"''".•¦..¦' '
The latest advices from .Tientsin an
nounce thru the Russians and Japanese |
are scoutingcin the direction of Peitang. i
The Japanese commander, Yamachuchi, j
rjepects Tang Tsun 1 to be taken within
threp f!ays. . • ' •* ""•'.'
The Governor of Shantung says the
British Consul's message was sent to Sir
Claudo Macdonald. whose reply was
handed to the Tst:np li Yamen on July 25.
A ppocial from Tientsin, says the mis
sionaries report that all the Americans in
Pekins and Tungchau are -safe, but their
property has boon destroyed;- '
China and Bussia. V. .
Th<» Tr.kio correspondent of the Daily
Trl^crrnjih. wirinc yesterday, says:
Important additional confirmation of the
safety of the legations was received in
London last evening by Duncan Campbell,
representative In Europe of the Chinese
customs service, from the Commissioner
of Customs at Chefu, in the shape of a
Peking dispatch, not dated, but believed
to have been written en July 21, signed
by both Sir Robert Hart. Inspector Gen
eral of Customs, and Robert Bredon, dep
uty inspector general, to the following ef
fect: "Slaff and family still safe."
This has been confirmed by the Com
missioner of Customs in Shanghai, who
telegraphed last evening: "Authentic. In
spector General safe 22d."
At Berlin Hope Runs High.
BERLIN. July 31.— Hope regarding the
security of the foreigners in Peking now
runs high in Berlin. The German Fore'gn
Office no longer doubts the reports from
various quarters that the Ministers, with
the exception of Baron von Ketteler. are
alive. The papers take the same view,
and urge that there should be no -delay
in the kdvance upon Peking. The Foreign
Office is deeply mortified at the failure to
agree upon a commander In chief- of the
silled forces. A high official said to-day:
"The civilized world will look on with
astonishment if the rescue of the mem
bers of the legations Is delayed, or per
haps frustrated, by such a trifling mat
ter. Germany is ready to march her
troops under any commander acceptable
to the powers." ;
The Munich Allgemeine Zeitung prints
a "^Washington special claiming that the
I'nited States Government is endeavoring
to enforce the appointment of Major Gen
oral ChafTee as commander in chief, but
that Germany end Japan .oppese. /
The Associated Press is authorized to
say that, so far ps Germany is concerned;
this statement is absolutely untrue. /The
Foreign Office confirms the report that
the advance to Peking has been postponed
by the admirals for military and climatic
reasons. ; .•..A-
The Chinese Minister, Lu Hal Huah; re.r
ceived to-day a dispatch purporting, to
come from the Peking Government saying
that the foreign legations would be sent
to Tientsin whenever the preparations for
their safe escort were completed and open
hostilities ceased. Meanwhile permission
will be given them to communicate freely
with their Governments.
This dispatch was immediately trans
mitted to the German Foreign Office.
Communication between Chefu and
Shanghai has been re-established, a'nd a
dispatch; from Chefu. dated July 29. con
firms the -report that the Russians cap
tured the forts at Niuchwang on July 26.
- • '• •'• -. . ?
KwatiR H?u is reported to have sent a
prrond djpjiatch to Emperor Nicholas ad
mitting that a state of war existed at
Tientsin, but that the Russians are fully
protected at op^-n ports. Tho Chinese^
Kmpcror adds, that .the disturbance? in
Manchuria were caused by a rel>ellious
general in Amur, that he ha? instructed
the Chinese generals to refrain from hos
tilities, snd that he desires the Czar to re
ciprocate hi? action."
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times pays:
"The general aspect of the situation
confirms the opinion that the Manchu
purty, fearing the effect of further violent
monsures. rely on LI Hung Chang's nego
tiations to prevail upon the powers to
forego vengeance in return for the release
of the survivors."
It is reported from an unofficial but us
ually reliable source that the Chinese
Minister at St. Petersburg wired to Li
Hung Chang intimating the possibility of
obtaining favorable terms of settlement
from Russia if China would adopt a con
ciliatory attitude and compel a cessation
of the attacks on the legations. There
upon, according to this Informant, Li
Hung Chans memorialized the throne,
representing that he was ill and unable to
come to Peking, but urging that every
rndravnr tie made to send the Ministers to
Tientsin and to Insure the safety of for
eigners and missionaries.
Tientsin wire? that General Sir Alfred
Caselee and staff, togejther with. large for
*>ipn reinforcements, arrived there on July
CS.
Dangers of an Advance.
A member of the Chinese legation gave
an extended interview to the Associated
Press, in the course of which he said:
"I am exceedingly glad that your official
dispatches to-day have borne out our re
peated assurances, which I knew from tne
boginninK wero sincerely meant. I knew
that while the Chinese Emperor could
avoid making a statement of facts such
facts as he 'stated and states must bo
true.
"I hope that the recommendation mace
hy LI Hung Chang that the Ministers
Fhould either be sent to Tientsin or be
placed In telegraphic communication with
their Governments will obtain. I am a
great friend of Sir Robert Hart and I
knew he was still alive, but I wanted to
convince his friends in this country and
I tried hard to get a. cipher telegram
from him. At last Sheng told me the
legations were surrounded and It was im
possible to get in or out without per
mission from the throne. I have applied
to the throne and hope to get permission
in a few days. Consequently you may
now hope to hear direct from the Min
isters.
"It- must be borne In mind that besides
th^ Boxers there is a large force of ir
regular troops in Peking, neither regulars
nor rebels.' but very dangerous to the im
perial Government. Therefore. I would
advise the allied forces not to proceed
without pour parlers with certain high
officials who are acquainted with things.
"I see talk of vengeance upon the Chi
nese. If you could secure those who are
actually responsible for the Boxer move
ment I would Bay nothing, but is it pos
sible for the allies to make the selection?
"LA Hung Chang's statement that the
lives . of the Ministers would be en
dangered by such an advance Is not a
piece of diplomacy, but a serious predic
tion for the consequences of such an ac
tion. General Tung Fuh Slang Is known
to be anti-foreign In his sentiments, but
we cannot dispense with hSs services, and,
having a large number of soldiers under
h!m, he might order a European massa
cre, which- the Emperor and. Empress
would be unable to prevent- •
"My object now Is to advise the allies
not. to do any act of vengeance, but to
restore peace and to secure guarantees
for the future. This can be b«»st done by
co-operating with IA Hung Chang. If you
push on to Peking:! believe you* whl pro
voke a general rising throughout the. em
pire.' the result of which will be the de
struction\ - of ,- : the "-i lives i and . property . of
foreigners"' everywhere,'* ! " r
Chinese Strongly Entrenched at Wang Tsun,l
and if Defeated There They May Retire to
the Capital and Put the Remainder of the
Foreigners to Death.
GENERAL BELIEF THAT MINISTERS
AT PEKING WERE SAFE ON JULY 22
MONZA. July 31. — The formal act of re
cording the death of King Humbert wn9
drawn up at 1 o'clock this morning tn the
King's bedroom. It was witnessed bv
Count Rudlnl. former Prime Minister, and
the royal household, the President of the
Senate and the Secretary for the Crown.
The Ministers and other officials were
present.
HUMBERT'S DEATH ON RECORD.
"The assassination of King Humbert i3
one of those atrocious crimes against tha
heads of government whjch do not seem
to diminish in frequency as governments
grow milder. King Humbert I knew well
and was greatly attached to him. During
my stay in Rome I was assigned three or
four private interviews a year, of about
an hour each, at which only hia Majesty
and I were present, and outside of this I
met him at court functions probably six
or eight times more each year. At all
these latter occasions he never failed to
seek me out for five or ten minutes* con
versation, that being his custom with
each of the Embassadors who might ba
present. He was greatly interested in th*
United States of America, and partlcu- \
larly in our wonderful material progress. I
"At our last interview he said: 'You will '
lead the world— you are leading us now
materially. 1 He also said: 'We old nations
that are compelled to keep up immense
armies to protect ourselves against each,
other are very severely handicapped.' Ho
was frank, cordial, courageous, the beau
ideal of a soUier. and It 1st said that h«
would have preferred to be a general of
one of his 'own cavalry divisions to beinqr
King of Italy." .
SOUTH FRAMINGHAM. Mas3., July 21.
General W. F, Draper. Embaasador to
Italy, in a latter to the illlford Board of
Trade to-day, referring to the assassina
tion cf King Humbert of Italy, said:
DRAPER'S PRAISE OF
BRAVE KING HUMBERT
NEW YORK. July 31.— A representative
of the Italian consulate went to Hobokon
to-day to see the woman who says she la
t,he wife of Bressi. the assassin of Kir.s
Humbert. The object of the visit was to
obtain information concerning the man
to assist the Italian authorities in pros
ecuting the murderer.
Mrs. Bressii .whose maiden name wa3
Jennie •. O'Neill, lived in Chicago before
coming to Hoboken. where she met Bres
si. Mrs. Breasl Was closely questioned by"
the representative of the Italian consul-,,
ate, and, she told him the same story re
garding her husband that she had already
told to the reporters. The police searched
the house, but found no evidence to show
: that either the woman or her husband
was connected with a plot for the assas
sination of King Humbert.
It is stated that Mrs. Bressi will be kept
under surveillance. The Consul General
in this -city is to communicate with the
Hoboken police In case the woman is
needed by the Italian authorities as a
witness.
BRESSI ? S WIFE KEPT
UNDER SURVEILLANCE
the police are now seeking. The pistol
the assassin used was a new and superior
weapon marked 'Massachusetts."
The police of Milan searched the house
of a man. named Ranella. and It is re
ported, found an important paper show
ing that Bressi had relations with per
sons In the United States and communi
cations had passed between him and
them, in connection with the crime.
BresM ami another Tuscan frequented the
cafes in Milan, where they were over
heard discussing a bis Wcheaie that would
astonish the world.
Everything goes to show that the rrlmft
was Ions premeditate?] and the police are
now being charged with want of fore
sight. It appears that the cordons form
ed upon the arrival of the King at the
fete were withdrawn prior to his depart
ure. As the King was leaving a .iort of
scuffle occurred, probably prearrange? .
to distract the attention of the carbineers.
The King was so pleased with his wel
come at Monza and felt so safe that h<»
turned to hia aid and said,' "Id like to
return afoot." but he was dissuaded.
More Than One Anarchist Concerned In
the Assassination of Italy's
Beloved* King.
Evidence .accumulates that the assassination of Kins Humbert of Italy
was the result of a plot conceived and perfected within a few miles of New
York. The' only other explanation of the deed of Gaetano Bressi i3 that of- <
fered" by hl3 wife-that he must have been crazy.
Mrs Bressi savs that her husband was so timid that he would rot try
to hurt a mouse! From his prison at Monza, Italy, thoujth. he is reported
as most defiant, declaring that he .would repeat his act if J:e had the oppor
tunity The Italian police, too. fcavo obtained evidence that another con- -
••pirator vas In waiting for King Humbert in case he escaped from Bresal.
Mrs Bres«i admits that her husband took a revolver with him to Italy,
although she says he could not shoot and that he had one accidental com-
Pan i°c^\l authorities declare that little can be done with the anarchists in
v '' Y Ork even if it is directly proved that they plotted ths death of foreign
monarchs. ] The present statutes apparently do not cover the ' case ade-
King of Italy. Victor Emmanuel. landed from his yacht to hear
.. v.,_ father's assassination, and at once, proceeded to Monza. The Ministry
2d » manifesto in his name calling upon all Italians to demonstrate their
loyalty.
HUMBERT'S DEATH
WAS DUE TO A PLOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,; , AUGUST 1, 1900.
Desperate FightWith Villagers Who
Are Awakened by the Report
of the Explosion.
. CHAMPAIGN. 111.. July 3L— The safe of
the Bank of Armstrong, 111., a village a
few miles from here, was blown open with
dynamite by burglars last night and the
entire building was wrecked. The ex
plosion roused the villagers, who hastened
to the scene armed, and a pitched battle
ensued with the burglars,, who were still
in the ruins. The robbers finally escaped
in the darkness.
A posse was immediately organized and
started in pursuit with bloodhounds. One
of the robbers was evidently, wounded, .for
a stream of. blood was found in the road.
It is believed the men had a'^F 0 ™"™^
Ing on the outskirts and used It In getting
away. It Is not known .whether any
money was secured.
To Bace or Not to -Race P
Special Dispatch to 'i.ie Call. . .
7 LOS ANGELES. July 31.— The .Sixth
District Agricultural Association directors
at a meeting to-day took up. the question
of whether or not a race meeting was to
be held during fair week. -The corpora
tion board has completed arrangements
for the harness portion of the programme
and gone ahead with other preparations
as though racing was ;a certainty
Wednesday, or Thursday of -this week the
subscription list will be presented to tne|
board -so that they may know how mucn
money is insight for. the, meeting. From
the , way the - directors talk there Js
little doubt that the week's. racing this
Jail will equal if not excel any previous
effort. - • : •-.-.•.•¦*. •-¦•j-v"
W.S.' Richey. ,
SAN ' LUIS OBISPO. July; 31.— W. S.
Richey, a' dentist: of Chicago,- died -here
torday after a two weeks'- illness. ; . He was
aged 59 years. • - • • ,¦ • • •;¦ -I
ROBBERS WRECK A^
BANK WITH DYNAMITE
PARIS. July 31.— According to dis
patches received at the Foreign Office to
day the Austrian, Spanish, Italian and
Holland legations at Pefclng have been
destroyed and the French legation has
been partially " wrecked. The 'attacks on
the, legations ceased some days. ago.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— The gunboat
Princeton has sailed for Shanghai from
Amoy. This move may have been owing
to the 'disturbed trend of affairs near
Shanghai. The Princeton was not ordered
to Shanghai by the department, and prob
ably goes in obedience to the orders of
Admiral Remey, who is in command of
the Asiatic station.
DESTRUCTION OV LEGATIONS
PRINCETON SAILS.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— Colonel Henry
C. Cochrane, commandant of the Marine
Barracks at Boston, has been ordered' to
China to take, command of the marine
forces in that country, aggregating about
1500 men, including those now on their
way from 5 San Francisco. He will' start
Immediately for San Francisco and will
take passage on the army transport War
ren, scheduled to leave there on the 16th
of August.
COCHRANE SOON TO LEAVE.
The Russians had four wounded and the
Chinese six killed and ten wounded. All
the business houses in Niuchwang are
closed. There is no confirmation of the
report of the taking of the forts.
SHANGHAI, July 31.— Private advices
from Niuchwang, dated July 27. say that:
the Russians attacked the Chinese out
side settlements yesterday morning. The
engagement lasted one hour and a half.
The Chinese bolted from their stockades,
but the Russians after holding them for
a short time returned to their own settle
ment. The Chinese say they won, driving
back the Russians.
CHINESE CLAIM TO
: HAVE BEATEN RUSSIANS
now on furlough in the United States, and
all the other missionaries are at the coast
for. the usual summer rest.
BRESSI DESIRED TO
ASSASSINATE DATO
ing the destinies of society in the early future." ...
The Premier paid a glowing tribute to the character of King Humbert,
who. he paid, had unflagglngly worked for the benefit of his country and
people. The assassination of such a man could not be considered private
revenge. It was nothing but that morbid thirst for notoriety which is the
plague and curse of modern civilization, which had time and again led men
to the commission of foulest Crimea and which threatened the very exist
ence of society if it could not be arrested. He did not propose to speak of
remedies for such a state of things, but he had, never hesitated to express
his own views in that respect. Modern society had erred on the side of
leniency. '/- ; " ;
Tha Earl o* Klmberley, Liberal, seconded the motion for the adoption of
the address, which was adopted both in the House of Lords and In the Com
mons.
In the lower house, A. J. Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, spoke
in a similar strain to the speech by Lord Salisbury, and Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, the Liberal leader in the House,of Commons, seconded
the motion.
"It is a fearful thing," the Premier saus, "tocon
tfiniDlate this depth of human villainu be
neath the smilina surface of society, threat
ening the destinies of -society in the early
future," ,
LONDON*. July 21.— Moving an address to .the Queen with reference to
the assassination of Kins Humbert of Italy, the Premier, Lord Salis
bury, said in the House of Lords to-day that anarchists are not con
fined to any one political opinion. He said the last half century had
seen the assassination of three Presidents of republics and two
monarch?. It was "a fearful thing." Lord Salisbury said, "to contemplate
this" depth of human villainy beneath the smiling surface of society, threaten-
BOSTON. July 31.— Johnnie Nelson, the
Chicago wonder, defeated "Jimmy Michael,
the Welsh midget, by a bare fifteen yards
at :the tape in the twenty-mile motor
paced race for the championship . at
Charles River Park to-night. The time
was * 33:03 3-5. - : but Michael ¦ continues to
hold the record for the distance, 31:411-5.
Nelson showed the way from the start.-
2
ROME. Aug. 1.— A dispatch received here says: -'The Chinese Government
detaining COO Europeans as hostages. Including the Ministers and their fam
es and the members of the legations."
It Is V.elieved here that when war is offlciajly declared these will be or
¦red to leave Peking within twenty-four hours. They will then be at the
crcy of the Boxers. China. It is thought, will consider that war has been
.^ o 'r^A ->< «nnn fis the allies berin to march on Peking. ¦ ?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Purest
and Best
Articles known to medical science ars
used in preparing Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Every Ingredient is carefully selected, per-
sonally examined, an.t only the best re-
tained. It is prepared by -a combination,
proportion an-1 process peculiar to itself
and known to no other medicine, and by
•which tho full medicinal power of all In-
gredient* used Is retained. It cures when
a cure Js possible. Get only Hood's, be-
cause I ' '-^
Hood's Sar&spariila
Is the Best Medicine Money Can Euy.
¦ /
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Yen,
. 731 Market St., San Francisco.
DDTTCU17Q f°k barbers, bak-
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, caniu A
dyer*, flourmills, . foundries, laundries, pa; m
hangers, printers, painters, ihoe factories, .»&- '
blemen. . tar-roofers, tanners. ' »allors. etc
iiUCU anas r.uoa.. - .
B.-ualx Manufactuxsr.*, 609 Sacramsnta St.FOUR YOUNG WOMEN
DROWNED IN THE SURF
Were Bathing at a Seaside Resort and
Carried Out to Sea by Strong
Undertow.:
OCEAN CITY, N. J., July 31.-Four
young> women, none more than 20 years of
age, were drowned in the surf here to-day.
They were:
JElsie Lowe of Germantown, Pa.
Virginia Lowe of Germantown, Pa.
Jennie Lonsdale of Windmere, Pa.
Berton Lonsdale • of Windmere, Pa.
They were In bathing in the breakers
when they were carried out -by a heavy
undertow, Inelr screams .for help at
tracted the attention of a life guard, who
succeeded In bringing the young women
ashore. : The Lowe sisters were dead. The
two Lonsdale girls showed signs of life
and doctors were summoned, who did all
they could to save their lives, but to no
purpose. They both died while the doc
tors were trying to restore them. ;
ALASKAN CABLE.
General Oreely to Arrange for Com
munication With, the Territory.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— General Gree
ly 'left here for Alaska to superintend
arrangements for cable and telegraphic
communication with, that ¦ territory, ft is
quite - likely v he • will make •, arrangements
with the Caxadlan Government for the
transmission oJ/ messages until a -direct
line with Alaska^ is, established. The last
session^ of Congress appropriated $420,000
for telegraphic lines In Alaska. ¦
¦ • - ¦ * ¦-,;. ¦ ¦ .
Cuban Elections Ordered.
WASHINGTON, July SL— The War De
partment- has ; Issued an\order. for a gen
eral election- to be ; . held: In 'Cuba on the
third Saturday of September to elect dele-,
gates to a 1 convention to be held ln^Ha
vana on i the first < Monday of November.
This convention Is to frame and .adopt a
constitution for ' the people of Cuba. - ,
Captured by "a Mob Who Stripped
Them and Painted Their Bodies
Ultramarine Blue.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. July 31.— Last night
a mob stormed a residence in Mansfield,
Ohio, where four Zionist elders were hold
ing: services and captured the elders. Two
of the men, A. McFarlane of Marlon and
G. F. Stevens of Chicago, promised to
leave the city and were released. The
others, E. P. Fisher and A. W. McCluskln
of Chicago, refused to make such a prom
ise, and the mob. after stripping them of
their clothing, painted their bodies with
ultramarine blue and paraded them
through the streets. To-day John Alex-
Vnder Downle. head of the Zionists, tele
graphed Governor Nash from Montague,
Mich., asking protection for the elders at
jfansfleld. The Governor communicated
¦Alth the Sheriff of Richland County, who
riplled that the. elders left town at noon
aid that everything was quiet. ' •
lovernor Nash wired Downle that when
thi Mansfield authorities notified him
th«- were unable to preserve the peace It
woild be time for him to act.
ELDERS OF A CHURCH
FORCED TO LEAVE A TOWN
Dillon, who Is from Raton, N. M., has
worked In the mine, about a month,, but
was not working yesterday, having been
drinking heavily. He slipped into the
mine and, hiding his lamp behind him, ap
proached. O' Neil and flred a shot from a
S2-callbre revolver. The bullet took effect
In the chin, passing around the Jawbone,
through the neck, and • ranged downward
Into the shoulder. O'Nell clinched ,' with
hip assailant and in his efforts to gain pos
session of . the revolver was : shot ' twice
more, one bullet passing through the. left
hand and the other through the left wrist.
He succeeded In getting, the weapon away
from Dillon, however, who then: ran out
of the mine and thus far has eluded the
officers. RKfiHHBMBKSBM&BSISSSRaK
The shooting was done about 2000 feet
under ground, in. what is known as the
ninth west entry, where O'Neil, who Is
night foreman of the mine, was engaged
at tho time. BREBP^i
FLORENCE, Colo., July 31.— Last night
Charles O'Nell was shot and seriously In
jured by a machine runner named John
Dillon, In the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company's mine No. 23 at Brookside, a
small mining camp five miles west of this
City. • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mining Camp.
A Sensational Shooting Af
fray Occurs in a Colorado
SOUGHT TO DO
MURDER IN A
MINE TUNNEL
American miners In the Porcupine region.
Is not In any eenae binding upon either
partv to the modus vlvendi except as a
purely temporary scheme designed to pre
vent hostile conflicts between the miners
and the police forces, through lack of
knowl«y3ge as to their rights. The pur
pose of the arrangement as to that Is
fully disclosed by the inclusion In the
modus vlvendi of a. provision in these
te/^c«:
' J It is understood, as formally set forth
16 vT^mmunicationB to the Btate ' Depart
ment of the United Statee. that the citi
zens or subjects of either power, subject
by this arrangement to the temporary Ju
risdiction of the other, sjbajl suffer no
WASHINGTON. July Sl.-None of the
protests reported to have been made in
Alaska against the definition of the pro
visional boundary line have reached
Washington yet, and the impression pre
vails m the State Department that the
agitation on that subject Is based upon a
lack of knowledge of the exact nature of
the agreement effected between the
United States and Great Britain, by which
a. most difficult and dangerous subject was
removed from the current negotiations
between the two countries. It is pointed
out by State Department officials that
this provisional boundary line, the run
ning of which Is said to have excited the
England Ceded Much the
Greater Portion of Terri
tory Under Dispute.
NO PROTESTS
AGAINST ALASKAN
BOUNDARY LINE
diminution of the rights and privileges
which they now enjoy."
Every American rriiner whose claim lies
on the wrong eide of the boundary line
now being drawn Is, according to the of
ficial view here, holding his claim by
quite as sound a tenure as he enjoyed be
fore the provisional treaty was made. He
has neither lost nor gained In strength of
title by this arrangement: so he certainly
has no cause for complaint as he would
have were the boundary line now being
drawn a permanent - one. The officials
here, however, are fully prepared to de
fend the temporary boundary, pointing
out that so far from having ceded to
Great Britain an inch of territory, Great
Britain temporarily yielded. to the United
States fully nineteen-twentieths of the
territory In dispute and suffered her ship
ping to be kept ten miles from the bound
ary line at thf nearest point, notwith
standing the Canadian ambition to get a
port on the Lynn Canal.
THE DEAD DUKE, THE DECLARED HEIR AND THE "NATIVE"
CLAIMANT.
Coburg law, passed in 1S9S, hereditary
Prince Ernest von Hohenlohe Langen
berg. son-in-law of the late Duke, be
comea the regent.
The German press again discusses the
undesirability of allowing a German sov
ereign state to become an English heir
loom, passing from hand to hand. The
Xatlonal Zeltung concludes its article on
the subject by telling the young Duke
that It will depend on him to dissipate all
objections rmde inside and outride of the
thitchy to- the succession going to a
Prince of foreign Wrth and education. -
It Is rumored here in political circles
that the death of Dukf> Alfred was due
to Intemperance, it being town talk in
Coburg that he was habitually carried to
his bed at night sodden with liquor.
H. R. H. Prince Alfred Ernest William
Alexander Albert, late Duke of Saxony
and of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and first
Duke of Edinburgh, was the second son
of h« Majesty. Queen Victoria and the
late Prince Consort, who was the second
Bon of Ernest I. Duke of Saxe-Coburg.
Prince Alfred Ernest was born at Wind-
Bor, August 6. 1S44. He entered the naval
service of Great Britain as a cadet in 1S58,
and passed through all the grades to that
of vice admiral, to which he was appoint-
at Clarence House. As a foreign sover
eign he ceased to be a Privy Councilor of
Great Britain, and relinquished the annu
ity of £15,000 granted him In 1866, though
retaining that of £10,000 granted in 1873.
On the death of his only son, Prince
Alfred, last year it was announced June
30, 1899, that H. R. H. Charles Edward,
the young Duke of Albany, born July
19, lfcS4, was the heir presumptive, the
Duke of Connaught and his son renounc
ing their rights in favor of their nephew
and cousin. This arrangement having
been accepted by the Coburg Diet
the question of the succession was con
sidered settled. It is well understood,
however, that there is a hrarty desire
throughout Germany from . the
Kaiser down to have a "native"
ruler on the throne of Saxe-Coburg, and
the question of "buying up"*the English
claimants has been widely discussed. If
this is done Prince Leopold of Saxe-Co
burg, a promising officer of the famous
Austrian Hussars., will be the man. He is
the only son of Prince Philip, head of the
"native" branch of the family and broth
er-in-law of the Kaiserin's only brother,
lie is related to the house of Hapsburg
and also to that of Orleans. Prince Leo
pold is a thorough Teuton, by birth, na
ture and education. He was born at
Schloss Szent, Central Hungary, and at
tained his majority July 19, 1899.
L iisire of the Duchess and other members
t : the family who were aware of the na
ture of the disease, the Duke took up
his residence at Rosenau, His Royal
Highness was unaware of the real Btate
of his health and hoped he would recover
until Friday last, when his condition be
came such as to preclude hope. Saturday
and Sunday he suffered such violent at
tacks of suffocation that arrangements
•were made for performing the operation
of tracheotomy. Finally the Duke died
¦without, having suffered severe pain. Dur
ing the minority of h's heir, the Duke of
Albany, the government of the duchy will
l>e conducted by the hereditary- prince of
Hohcnlohe-Latigenberg. the guardian of
the young- Emke.
LONDON, July 3L— The rewe of the
tlr-ath of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha.
second son of Queen Victoria, has created
a. sensation in London, as It was totally
unexpected. There were many callers at
Clarence and Marlborough houses and the
Lord Chamberlain's office. Flage were
liiUf-masted at the Carleton. Re-form,
gports and other West End clubs. The
<jueen was deeply affected and the Prince
of Walts canceled the arrangements for
attending Goodwood to-day, where hi»
horse. Lucknow. was the favorite in th©
race for the Stewards' Cup.
At Windsor there were many signs of
mourning, the bells of the curfew tower
«jf St. George's Chapel being tolled. It Is
Ftated that the body of the late Duke
will be embalmed and brought to England
for interment and that it will lie in state
at Windsor.
The Duke's successor, the Duke of Al
bany, arrived in London this morning.
The Iyord Mayor of London sent a met-
Mjreof condolence to the Queen on behalf
1 '¦ the citizens of London, expressing the
y^. pe that the sympathy of the nation
would prove a solace and comfort in her
r>*>rravemer.t. Numerous public and semi
pub'lc functions have been abandoned and
the court and society -win be immediately
ordered Into mourning-.
The faneral of the late Duke will be held
nt Coburg on Friday. August 3. The
"Prince of XVales will represent the Queen.
He will be accompanied to Coburg by
either his son. the Duke of York, or his
brother, the Duke cf Connaught
BERLIN. July SI.— The body of the late
Duke of Saxe-Cohurg and Gotha will be
conveyed to-morrow to the Maurice
church at Coburg, where it will lie in
state. The new Duke, who on July 19
waf appointed a lieutenant in the P'rus
6ian army and who for some tlm« has
been receiving a military education In
Potsdam, 1* for the moment the guest of
King Oscar of Sweden. He is expected to
arrive here to-morrow. He will not at
tain his majority until 1905; and by the
/"> OBURG. July 21.— The Duke of Saxe-
I Coburg. who died at 10 o'clock last
fi evfr.lr.g at Rosenau Castle, by his
sudden demise a^caped a painful,
lingering end. Recently, at a consulta
tion of specialists in Vienna It was dls- j
covered that there was a cancerous j
growth at the root of his tongue. At the ;
NEW* YORK. July 31.— John Clark Ridpath. the historian, died in the Pres
byterian Hospital at 5:30 o'clock thi3 evening from a complication of
diseases. He had been a patient in the hospital since April 26. At the
time of the historian's death his wife and son, S. E. Ridpath. were at hla
bedside. The body was later removed from the hospital.
John Clark Ridpath was born in Putnam County, Indiana, April 25, 1S40. On
his father's side he was descended from the Rldpaths of Berwick-on-the-Tweed,
and on his mother's, from Governor Samuel Matthews of Virginia. H'3 parents
emigrated from Montgomery County, Virginia, quite early and were very poor,
but the boy's quickness and diligence overcame all obstacles. He attended the
common schools, and from his twelfth co his sixteenth year studied by himself
works on natural philosophy, astronomy, chemistry and the outlines of history.
At 17 he was teaching- and .also serving as clerk, and later entered Aabury
(now De Pauw) University, where he graduated in 1S63, covering a slx-;*ear
course in four years.
He was made principal of Mornton Academy in 1SC1; Superintendent of Schools
in 1SC6, and in 1S69 was called to the chair of English literature at Asbury. h!»
alma mater, which he exchanged in 1871 for that of belles lettres. In 1ST!) he was
elected vice president of the university and was mainly the instrument of se
curing the splendid endowment therefor from W. C. De Pauw, the multi-million
aire of New Albany, Indiana.
While carrying on the work of his department Mr. Ttldpath became the author
of a number of books, the earliest being his "Academic History of the United
States" (1S74), which met with much success, though admittedly of strong sec
tional bias. His "Popular History" (1S77) reached a sale of X0.009, copies and was
translated into German. Xest came his "Inductive Grammar" (1S78). a mono
graph on Alexander Hamilton (1SS0), "Life and "Work of GarrielcT' (1S81> ami a
monograph on the "Trial of Guiteau" (1FS2). His "Cyclopedia of Universal His
tory," published in three volumes (1SS0-S5). to which a fourth was later added,
was very successful, though subjected to much criticism. His later works were
"Beyond the Sierras" (1SSS). "Great Raws of Mankind" (1S31) and "Life of Co'.um
bus." In 18*0 he became one of the editors of the "People's Cyclopedia." an.l
more recently was connected with the Cosmopolitan. Dr. Ridpath received his de
gree of LL.D. . from Syracuse University in KS0. In KG he married Hannah C
Smythe, by whom he had one son and three daughters, all of whom are said to
inherit a lafg-i "measure of their father's. talent3.
Over $1,000,000 of Repair Work
Now Being Bone May Have to Bs
Gone Over Again.
NEW YORK, July 31.— Drydock No. 1
at the Brooklyn navy yard, which is being
repaired at an estimated expenditure of
J1.WO.0W, sprang a leak to-day. In a few
hours there was ten feet of water in the
drydock, covering all the tools and ma
chinerv used in the work of reconstruc
tion. The leak was caused by the removal
of the caisson from the mouth of
drydock No. 3, situated alongside No. 2,
and the water filled No. 3. The leak has
not yet been found. If the water con
tinues to run Into the dock the repair
work of six months will need to be done
over. The damage la»already large.
Boval Heir Is Born.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 31.— Princess
Cantacuzene (granddaughter of the late
ex-President Grant and daughter of
Brigadier General Frederick Dent Grant.
U. S. A.) gave birth to a son weighing
eleven pounds, July 27.
Charles' Victim Dies.
NEW ORLEANS, July 31.— H. H. Bate,
aged 65, an insurance solicitor, who was
shot by the neirro,' Charles, on Friday,
died to-day. This makes seven men
Charles had, killed, all white.
NAVY DRYDOCK IS
DAMAGED BY A LEAK
| THE LATE JOHN CLARK RIDPATH.
WITHDRAWAL OF
TOWNE NOT YET
DECIDED UPON
Populist Leader Discusses
t lie Question With W. J.
Bryan.;
DEMOCRATS MEET TO
DISCUSS THE SITUATION
Positive Announcement ,. Settling the
Matter Is Expected Very.;
Shortly to Be Given Out
in Duluth.
LINCOLN. Neb., July 31.— The with
drawal of Charles A. Towne -from -the
Populist' ticket as Vice Presidential candi
date is still an undetermined question.
Mr. Towne spent nearly all of to-day in
Lincoln and most of the time was with
W. J. Bryan, but Just before he took the
train for Chicago to-night he repeated to
the Associated 1'ress that he was not pre
pared to say whether he woulQ remain on
lh>' ticket or would withdraw.
Neither Mr. ±iryan nor Mr. Towne would
discuss the mission of tne latter, or the
BUbjtCt of their conference lor puDlica
tion. That it had to do with his with
diawal. however, there Is little question.
Popuust leaders here who. talked with
Mr. 'i'owne say he is still of the opinion
that he should retire. He has offered his
services to' the Democratic National Com
mittee to advocate the election of Mr.
Bryan and Mr. Stevenson. Mr. Towne is
on his way home at Duluth in a round
about way, and after he reaches there it
is bellevtd he- will announce himself.
Mr. Bryan made a short address to the
Democratic State Central Committee re
gariling counseling harmony among the
fusion forces of Nebraska.
KMPORIA, Kansas, July. 31.— Thomas H.
Grishknx of Cottonwood Falls was nomi
nated to-day by the Populists and Demo
crats of the Fourth Congressional District,
the delegates of the two parties having
met in Joint convention. Mr. Grisham is a
Populist. .•¦¦-¦• ¦ - -
Fusion Nominee.
To Entertain Bryan.
CHICAGO, July 31.— National Commit
teeman*Thomas Gahan of Illinois and
local Democratic leaders held a conference
to-day with Chairman G. M. Johnson and
Secretary Charles A. Walsh, of the Demo
cratic National Committee, to arrange for
the coming of W. J. Bryan and A«llal
Stevenson on Tuesday next. Mr. Bryan
will reach Chicago at S:30 on Tuesday
next and depart For Indianapolis, accom
panied by the Cook County Democracy, at
1:30 p. m. the same day, on a special train.
During their short stay In Chicago, the
Democratic nominees will be entertained
by party leaders.
WASHINGTON. July 31.— An open let
ter has been addressed by the Washing
ton Anti-Imperialist League to Hon.
George F. Hoar of Massachusetts, ex
pressing "in amazement, not unmixed
with horror," his announced determina
tion to support President McKinley for
re-election. After quoting from Senator
Hoar's speeches and writings in criticism
of the policy pursued by President Mc-
Kinley, the letter reads:
"As a public man, ire have the right
to criticize your public actions, so as we
once applauded you you we now condemn
you. You once showed us the right way
so clearly that we cannot now wander
from it to follow into your lately chosen
path of certain ignominy.
"The anti-imperialists have not left you;
you have left them."
HOAR NOW CONDEMNED
BY ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
Mr. Manley fald he had not yet heard
from Thomas B. Reed In response to his
invitation to speak.
Senator Hanna was asked if there was
any truth In the published story that he
and Governor Roosevelt had had words
of disagreement yesterday over the Gov
ernor'3 St. Paul speech. He replied: \
"Nothing in it. The Governor balled on
me ajid we went over the campaign and
the part he will take in It. And he will
take a very large part In it. We discussed
speeches— his speeches with , others— but
not any particular speech that I can re
call. •' -
NEW YORK. July 31.— Chairman Hanna
was at Republican headquarters early to
day and Senator Scott and Mr. Manley
arrived a ftw niimites after. Congressman
George L. V. Myer of Bortoruhad a con
ference with Senator ilanna.
NO WORDS BETWEEN
ROOSEVELT AND. HANNA
Chairman Jones sent a number of tele
grams to different points instructing
Democrats to meet with him in Washing
ton and there discuss the situation as he
found it in New York. He said that he
was satisfied that the various factions in
the State would work In harmony for the
ticket. Yesterday afternoon Chairman
Jones received a letter from W. J. Bryan.
He said that the letter showed that Mr.
Bryan was confident. He would not reveal
any of its contents.
NEW YORK. July 31.— Chairman Jones
of the National Democratic Committee;
James K. Magulre, of the New York State
Executive Committee; L>. J. Campau of
Michigan, ex-Governor Stone of Missouri
and Dr. J. 11. Gardner of this city were
in conference at Democratic State head
quarters to-tiay. Chairman Jones said he
would leave to-nigrht for Washington to
confer with the Congressional Campaign
Committee and leave Washington for Chi
cago Thursday. Senator Jones declined to
aftirm or deny the reports that Treasurer
Dunlap had received several checks for
large amounts. He said, however, that
the committee had enough funds for the
present, use and hoped to have all it will
need.
ed In November. 1S?2. May 24, 1S66, he was
created Duke of Edinburgh, Earl of Kent
and Earl of Ulster in the peerage of the
United Kingdom, and took his Beat inthe
House of Lords.
Alfred Ernest was married on January
23, 1S74. to the Grand Duchess* Marie Alex
androvna, only daughter of Czar Alex
ander II of Rursia. whose appearance at
the court of Great Britain raised some
disagreeable questions of precedence — fehe
being the daughter of an Emperor— which
were settled by Queen Victoria's assam
injr the title of Empress of India. The
offspring of this union were one son.
Prince Alfred, who was born October 15,
1^74. and died February 6. 1S99, and four
daughters. . «•
An attempt to assassinate the Prince
was mad** at Clontarf. near Port Jackson,
New South Wales; March 12, 1&6S. by an
Irishman named O'Karrell. The attempt
was unsuccessful, the Prince only reeetv
ing a slight wound in the back from a
pistol shot.
In December. 1SC2, Prince Alfred was of
fered and declined the throne of Greece.
On the death of his uncle, Ernest II,
Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Prince
Alfred succeeded to the ducal seat, Aug
ust 22. 1S93. and took the oath of loyalty to
the constitution Jn the presence of the
German Empercr. He had previously been
promoted to the rank of general in the
German army. While his residence after
his succession was at Rosenau Palace,
rear Gotha, he spent a part of every year
in England an-1 kept up an establishment
— « — <3 — •— <$> — ?— <S>— • — <S»— ? — <^ — ? — ¦^ — • —^> — ?-^S 5 — ?^^fc
QUEEN VICTORIA'S SECOND SON
LEFT NO SON TO SUCCEED HIM
Death of the Duke of
Saxe-Colmrg-Gotlia
Reopens the Ques
tion of the Succes
sion of a "Native"
Prince.' v
One of the prisoners, whose name was
not learned, captured in the rooms occu
pied by A. E. Wirsching, entered a lava
tory, where he tried to strangle himself
with a towel, but was caught before he
had seriously injured himself and was
bundled into the patrol wagon. A panic
ensued in these rooms when the police
appeared and several persons were tram
pled u»!on in thp mad rush to escape.
Chief of Police Klpley said that to-day's
action by the police was the beginning of
a series of raids which would continue
until every alleged bucket shop in Chi
cago was driven out of existence.
The places closed by the police included
the following:
John Dickinson & Co., E. A. Wirsching
& Co.. Chicago Commission Company. X.
M. Nusley, Uotehkins & Co.: Hrown >fc
Co.. "Wallace & Co. ana S\ C. None & C ¦¦•.
In nearly every instance the telephone
and ticker wires were cut and the ser
vice rendered useless. The books and par
ophernalia were also taken possession of
by the police.
CHICAGO, July. 31.— Nearly 400 persons,
many of whom had never. seen the inside
of a police station" before, were captured
to-day in a wholesale raid on alleged
bucket shops located .in , the downtown
district and carted off to the police sta
tions. A dozen firms, one of them John
Dickinson & Co., prominently* connected
with the Board of Trade, were visited by
the police during the raid, which was so
perfectly planned that hardly a person,
in all the rooms raided succeeded in es
caping.
The raid, conducted at the busiest hour
of the day on Change, created considera
ble excitement and resulted in the floor of
the Board of Trade being practically
abandoned for the time, while the traders
watched with interest the police as they
gathered In their prisoners from the adja
cent buildings.
Panic Ensues at One Place and Sev
eral People Are Trampled Upon,
One Man Attempting
Suicide. "
Nearly Four Hundred Per
sons Are Arrested and
Imprisoned.
POLICE RAID
BUCKET SHOPS
OF CHICAGO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1»OO. y
HISTORIAN RIDPATH
CLAIMED BY DEATH
3
m^M a 1 4T\ T ?^ 1! {** y^V (^ H ;^i
pi cl L lOW |Ji itGopi
SvVii There are hundred's who have purchased here, i.>£;|
B;";y@ during our remodeling sale who are thoroughly satis- Rg£ |
»;-:i fied. They bought good clothes at low prices. If Bs£|
||;:;::il you have any desire to buy clothes for less money |j^&|
ffl.fiB than what you are used to paying, and yet get as g^|
B>y|| good clothes, our sale should claim your attention. |p£'£
K'vB There are other reductions in our store similar to |^|
||'.;;.;|| " Made-to-order suits which before this sale sold for $13^0 and [§£*.£(&
|g-rV.|| $1^.00. are now made with the same care and attention to detail, gji-Vi^
¦B'^B Ready-made suits : cheviots of light and medium weight in ra-;/?:|
D •!*'•[§ desirable pattern*, which were $10.00 but a <hort time ago, are now g;-.;{v|
&*¦'•"'§¦ t(^ be had for O-her cheviots, which sold for $12.^0. llr^g
gl'vS'lj are on sale now tor 36,85, Fancy cheviots and a few of g;ii : ;i : |-
'H-.;>;H". black- day -worsteds worth $1500 are now going for $8.45. B£>{!
Wfi'M Boys' middy suits, ages 3 to 8 vears, sold from our counters at m$U
M-'i^M one time for $2.2^, sale price now, $t.45. B^-ll
llvjl Silk-front golf shirts, lined bosoms, neat patterns, good value at g::fiff
Bv.^i 5ioo, now only 6Oc. B^ia
IDS'* * •* K!«l 1*3 • •* iRy
B"'- : 'B Derby hats in all the popular colors— good, suitable hats for @'^J|j
||\::|1 everyday wear, shapes just as stylish as the high-priced hats ; S^-gj
H;^;§ QOc is all we ask for these hats now. • ir/^S
gffiJI 718 Market Street. _J^1Mrs. Ella F. Murray, daughter of de
ceased, was called. She entered the room
in deep mourning, so heavily veiled that
her features were scarcely visible. The
veil was not lifted during the time she
was on the stand. Her testimony was
given with the same deliberate pomp and
elaborate courtesy with which she denied
information to reporters and interviews
to her mother's friends and her own
uncle who had paid for her convent
schooling.
"Your residence?" questioned Justice
Barry. * •¦»--•
"No. 1221 California street, San Fran
cisco. late of Dorchester, Massachu
setts." was the stiff reply.
"Did you knew deceased?"
"I did. She was my mother."
"When did you last see her alive?"
"At five minutes to S o'clock of July 21,
when she left me at the Palace Hotel to
go to the theater."
"Who called you early the next morn
ingi"
"Miss Nellie Rattigan. She knocked at
the morgue and when he returned Mrs.
Murray and Dr. Heintz were there. He
was the tirst one to examine the morphine
pill box, his attention having been called
to it by Miss Rattigan. The box was on
the edge of the washstand in the bath
room, unopened.
Deputy Coroner Brown testified, giving
facts that were published at the time or
the death.
Heavily Veiled Was Mrs. Murray.
United States District 'Judge -de Haven
yesterday Issued a warrant' granting the
extradition of Soldier Wilbur P. Crite 1 ?
by the State of Colorado. The prisoner
will be tried In the United States District
Court In Denver, for. forcing his father's
name to a postal money order. •' '¦;
Crites Will Be Extradited.
The proper and appropriate framing of
pictures has within a few; years; become
an art; In Itself." Only recently the styles
of 'framing materials * have , been, made In
such harmonious - effects, aa to suit all
tones and colors of , pictures. The very
latest moldings, all styles . and. ¦ widths,
also tinted ¦ and colored mat boards at
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street., •
An Art in Itself.
Quartermaster i General Ludington has
sent a letter, to the ; Manufacturers' - and
Producers' Association in which the state
ment is made that it is the Intention of
the Government to. subject shoes made of
California leather and those made .of
Eastern leather to "wear .and tear"-: at
some army post, to be designated, that
tlft merits of- the leather may be fully
tested under exactly, similar conditions.
Will Give Leather a Te«t
Glenn County has lost a road dv not
complying with the law which relates to
the condemnation of property for public
uses. Several years ago the Supervisors
decided to open a new road through tha
lands of Mary E. Johnston and others.
The land was examined and the board de
cided that $1010 was fair damages, which
the land owners refused to accept. Con
demnation proceedings were begun In the
Superior Court and the court awarded the
amount stated. That year there was nri
money, in the treasury Tor the payment o'
the damages. The following year an ar*
propriation was made and an executlra
was granted. From this order the laifl
owners appealed to the Supreme Court,
which yesterday reversed the order a la
judgment of the Glenn County Court ur*n
the ground that the code provides that he
payment, for land condemned must jb*»
made or tendered within thirty days ajter
final judgment. .; /
Neglected to Offer Payment.
Sons' Hall, theiaffalr assuming the form
of - a dance. .This is the first essay of
Uncle Sam's postal clerks In this direc
tion, and they have made elaborate ar
rangements to insure • Its success. The
committees haying the affair in charge
follow ;• i • ':
Arrangements— L. E. , Derre (chairman),
George P. Feely (treasurer). G. D. Bell (secre
tary), John R. McGee,. "William O. Morrison.
Bart Mahoney, D: H. Bureon. James E. Power,
Warren King and R. I>.' Appel. ¦ ¦ -
. The honorary reception committee will com
prise the superintendents of the various depart
ments in the PoBtofflce. - ;
James E. Power will direct the dancing, 'as
sisted by John R. McGee and William G. Mor-.
risonand the follpwlng floor committee: d C-
Benpon, D. B. Dwyer, D. F. Foley, T.", J.
Gilllspie, Alf * Henry, 1 . I). E. Lawton, Arthur
Liebscher. Julius •' Meyerstein,' L. • W. Nelson.'
M. •J..-CPonnelI, . A. F. Schuler' and C. W.
Seely. " ' •' . . V
¦ Reception committee— J. • W. Burson (chair
man), G. J." Asmussen, :H. J. Brady, C. ¦ N.
Brown.' J. * D. Dunnlgran, F. C. Jackson. C. Th.
Lasrercrnntz, ¦ W. P.. Mull.'. K. E. Sawyer, Abe
Springer, A. E. Wessllngr, E. F. ¦Williams,- A.
S. J." Woods.
The Oakland Postofflce clerks have ma.
terlallj"- aided the affair ' and will . send a
delegation. . . ¦ .: ¦
Affair to Assume Form of a Dance
To-Night at Native Sons'
Hall.
The Postofflce clerks of this city will
entertain their friends to-night at Native
POSTOFFICE CLERKS ,
TO ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
The occasion of his lecture will take on
also the nature of a welcome home to this
popular priest.
The price of tickets will be 50 cents and
25 cents extra for reserved Beats. Tickets
are now on sale at Gallagher Brothers, 18
and 20 McAllister street, and, of course,
they can be secured at the Temple on the
evening of the lecture, August 8.
Father McQuaide is a most keen ob
server and an eloquent speaker and his
lecture will be most interesting. While
in the East on his way home he spoke a
number of times on different points In
connection with these Islands. It will be
remembered It was he who controverted
Bishop Potter of New York on his re
marks anent certain practices alleged by
the former gentleman to have been, and
were being, committed down there.
Throughout the East, and at Rome al3o.
where he. together with the Archbishop
his party met. he has been listened to
wlthmarked attention.
He is now home and on the evening of
August 8, at Metropolitan Temple, he will
deliver a lecture which he has styled
"Philippine Observations," for the benefit
of Holy Cross Church,, with which he was
identified aa assistant pastor for six years.
The funds go toward paying off the debt
on . the new church or this Holy Cross*
parish, which is situated on Eddy street,
near Devisadero.
\Y"hen the First Regiment of California
Volunteers left for the Philippines the
Archbishop of San Francisco selected
Rev. Father Joseph P. McQuaide to go
there to assist the chaplain of that regi
ment. . He remained there until compelled
by sickness to leave, and instead of com
ing home direct returned via the Conti
nent.
Father McQuaide to Lecture.
To-day the police will renew their search
for the offenders. Both are fishermen and
may at the present time be on the bay.
They reside at 907 Battery street and will
be taken Into custody should they return
to their home.
Last Friday night a dispute arose over a
trivial matter in the Tarrantina home.
Words led to blows and a vicious attack
was n:ade upon the woman. Mrs. Tarran
tina was alone at the time and fought un
til she was disabled. The younger Bale
streri led in the asaault and hia brutal
work was encouraged by his father, who
stood near by urging him on. -The uncle
himself, according to Mrs. Tarrantina.
dealt her several severe blows which add
ed greatly to her injuries.
Dr. Lorenza Mlchieli of 429*4 Broadway
was called. At first the case did not seem
to be of a very serious nature, but within
the past two days the woman's condition
has become critical. A wound on the I«rft
side, where she was kicked, is causing the
most trouble. f~-~
Mr3. Salvator Tarrantina, who resides
at S10 Battery street. Is in a critical con
dition, the result of a beating she received
at the bands of her nephew, Mariana
Balestreri, and her uncle, Augustina
Balestreri, about three nights ago. The
woman was horribly kicked and bruised
about the body and head, and the physi
cians attending her fear she may not re
cover. . The police at the California-street
station were notified last night, and tier
geant Christlanson with Officers Baku
llck, Hackett, Buckley and Barry started
out to arrest the assailants. They found
both men missing from their homes, but
expect to arrest them to-day.
Police Officers Are Searching for Two
Fishermen Who May Yet
vAnswelr Charge of
Murder.
Uncle and Nephew Assault
Mrs. Tarrantina on Bat
tery Street.
BRUTAL BEATING
MAY CAUSE THIS
WOMAN'S DEATH
Lieutenant Hedekin of the Third Cav
alry has been detailed as quartermaster
and commissary on the Aztec, and with
fifty-two- men' of his command will re
main with the horses of the Third Cav
alry, until the Aztec is ready, to sail. , -
Troops D and F of .the Ninth Cavalry
arrived at the Presidio late Monday night.
Troop D is commanded by Captain Mc-
Blain, cousin of Judge FerraJ of this city;
and has the enviable reputation of being
the first troop to reach the summit r of
San Juan Hill. Troop D ¦ was the first
troop to land at Siboney on July 23, 1S9S,
and on July: 24 participated in the battle
of Guaslmas, In which the brave Captain
Capron and Sergeant Hamilton Fish , of
the Rough Riders were' killed. Two more
troops . of the Ninth, 'With headquarters
and band,' were expected at the Presidio
last night. ' '¦-
Second Lieutenant W. V.Morris of.the
Sixth United States Cavalry is assigned
to duty with the, recruits of.the Presidio,
awaiting transportation aDroad.' «• '
A. R-. Bogart , prlva te - of v Com pany A
of the Thirty-ninth * Infantry ; v Abb Bry
son," private of Company. B of the Thirty
ninth ¦ Infantry," and J. T*. ; Desmond, civil
ian packer, died at the -general' hospital
Troop I of the Third Cavalry is com
manded by Captain McDonald, First Lieu
tenant Phillips and Second Lieutenant
Wallech. Troop G Is under command of
Captain Hardie, First Lieutenant Ordway
and Second Lieutenant Benjamin.- Troop
B is officered by Captain Bougton . and
First Lieutenant Hedekin, and Troop H
Is commanded by First Lieutenant Meril
lat and Second Lieutenant Wood. The
squadron is commanded by Major H. P.
ICingsbury, with Lieutenant Koester . as
adjutant. . • ¦ . -¦¦: ¦ •
A siege battery has been ordered to
China to reinforce the little American
army under Major Oeneral Chaffee. Or
ders have been Issued by the War De
partment for Battery O of the Seventh
United States Artillery, now stationed at
Fort Leavenforth. Kans., to proceed to
Taku. O*he battery is attached to the De
partment of the Missouri and is to be at
once recruited to the maximum strength
of 145 men. The battery will take every
thing It now has, except guns, gxin car
riages and black-powder cartridges. Two
5-inch siege guns and two 7-lnch Howitz
ers will -be supplied at Manila.
Company E, Battalion of Engineers,
band and troops B, G, I and H of the
Third Cavalry and the Third Battalion of
the Fifteenth Infantry, companies I, K,
L and M, will leave the Presidio at an
early hour this morning and march to
the transport dock to embark on the
transport Meade, which will leave for
China later^n the day. These troops have
a total strength of 1040 men and 48 offi
cers.
Two Troops of the Famous Colored
Ninth, Commanded by Captain
McBlain, Arrive at the
Cavalry, Mantry and the
Engineers to Start for
China at Noon. #
SIEGE BATTERY
IS ORDERED TO
JOIN CHAFFEE
Last night- a number of additional po
lice officers were detailed oh the Bar
bary'Coast to prevent the soldiers : from
repeating Monday night's outrages.
The danger to citizens through soldiers
being allowed to carry their revolvers
while away from camp has been exempli
fied on more than one occasion, notably
the murder In the Spreckela Market by
Private Rosser of the Tennessee Regi
ment, and another case which fortunately
did not have a tragic ending occurred
early yesterday morning.
Several colored soldiers were drinking
in the saloon at E2G% Pacific street when
a row started and one of the soldiers
pulled a revolver out of his pocket and
tired a shot at a white man. The bullet
fortunately missed its mark. The soldiers
fled from the saloon and Sergeant Chris
tiansen was unable to get any clew to
the identity of the -would-be nrurderer.
The sergeant reported tho matter to
Chief Sullivan yesterday morning and the
chief sent the following letter to Major
General Shatter:
Major General 'William R. Shafter, ! Com
manding Department of California. U. S. A. —
Dear Sir: On going through the Chinese quar
ter last night I observed several soldiers in
that district carrying their army revolvers.
I am in receipt this morning of a report from
the sergeant • In charge of- that district that
at 12:35 a. m. a colored soldier tired a Bhot
from his pistol at a white man in a ealouti
at 626% Pacific street. My object in writing to
you ¦ Is to respectfully request that an order
be Issued prohibiting the men stationed at the
Presidio, when on leave, from carrying with
them their revolvers. I am sure that If this
is done It. will prevent trouble in the future
of such a nature as would be very discreditable
to the army and to the city of San Francisco.
Thanking you in anticipation- for' this favor.
I am, very truly yours, - . .
W. P. SULLIVAN JK., Chief of Police.
Shot at a White Man in a
¦¦--,;•
Saloon on Pacific
¦ % ¦ • — ¦.
Colored Soldier While Drunk Fires a
Chief Sullivan Addresses a
Letter to General .
Shatter.
SOLDIERS MUST
LEAVE GUNS AT
THE PRESIDIO
"Yes," was Rogers' answer. :-* :
"Did you recognize the fact "that an af
tornc-y at law siiould at, all times be will
ing to assist vhe court in tho investiga
tion of all wrongs?" ' : " ¦;
"The doctrine you announce Is correct."
answered RuE.-ret. evasively; "but I dontt
pee what that has to do with this case,
pud 1 objc-<;t to the question."
Here- the court took a hand and said:
"You, are not supposed to object , to any
of those questions under the- present cir
cumstances, and I will hear no objection
from you except on the one ground that
to answer would tend to convict you of a
felony/.'
"If you recognized that doctrine." per-
F'Ptcd Deuprey. "why did ' you not apply
it In this rase?"
"I as<k to be protected "from this imper
?.inr-nt line of questions." said Rogers,
turrins to the court, but Judge Cabanlss
•fefc^lD&d w consider . the question imper-
"There was an investigation ' before
Judge Troutt "• began Deuprey. '
"An alleged investigation." corrected
nogern.' ° ¦
"You wero a witness there?"
Deuprey calicd the attention of the
court to the fact that the witness could
not be a judge of what crimf his testi
mony would tend to convict him of. nor
o<iuld the court allow fcis -claim until it
was satisfied by some evidence that in
jury would follow. Judge Oabaniss said
he, was tsatislled in his own mind, and so
thf <4uestions were not aliowed.
Deuprey took up thf examination of the
witness on different lines/
The Rogers matter was taken up first.
Sim-e Monday Judge Cabaniss has been
looking up the law on the subject and he
had reached the conclusion that under the
provisions of the constitution of the
l.'nited States Rogers could not be com
pelled to testify • against himself. The
Judge thought if the witness answered
some of the questions put to him it would
amount to testimony against himself. The
court r^afoned that if Rogers answered
that ho had had cooversaiions ¦with Chre
tien and Chretien ha/1 offered him money
he would be in a much worse position, If
his case ever came to trial, than if he had
said nothing. Therefore Judge- Cabaniss
•was of the opinion that Rogers* answers
would be injurious to him.
John M. Chretien was bound over yes
terday to answer to the charge of forgery
in the Superior Court, and James Taylor
Rogers was given the cold comfort of im
munity from answering questions on the
Kround that if he answered any of them
hie conviction as a felon ¦would follow.
That ended the Chretien case before
Judge Cabaniss.
Efforts to Have Judg-e Cabaniss Re
duce the Bail of Attorney Held
for Trial Meets With
Failure.
Elder Lawyer Excused Be
cause He Might Jeopar
dize Himself.
ROGERS ANSWERS
NOT, BUT COURT
HOLDS CHRETIEN
"I did not think the court had Jurisdic
tion." Rogers answered again.
"Did you not know that the honor of
your profession, the legal profession, was
at stake?"
"No. except through the newspapers."
"Did you not decline to answer ques
tions in regard to your connection with
th» case?"
"No; I made certain objections and they
were overruled, and then I answered."
"Did you answer whether or not you
had received JGOO from Rauer to withdraw
from the case?" "
"Yes. I did." boldly asserted Rogers.
"What was your answer?" demanded
Deuproy. And then Henley, who had re
mained quiet during the proceedings, took
a hand.
"It is plain to me," he said, "that this
examination is not for the purpose of
securing evidence in the case before the
court, and I object to the direction this
examination is taking."
Deuprey answered by saying that the
only crime of which Rogers could be con
victed, assuming the charges implied by
the questions to be true, was extortion,
and all the answers he could make would
only go to show guilty knowledge. They
would also tend to show that Chretien
had been willing to back up a bogus heir
by buying off other claimants, and by
that means the fraudulent character of
his acts could' be more clearly shown.
Judge Cabaniss ruled, however, that the
question came within the protection af
forded the ¦witness by the constitution,
and bo' he ruled the question out.
As a matter of fact, when the question
was put to Rogers before Judge Troutt
he denied that he had received any money
from any one connected ¦with the case.
Deuprey then announced that he had
finished with Rogers and had finished
with the case against Chretien, and im
mediately Barnes arose and said there
was no defense.
Barnes continued In a plea for low ball
for Chretien. He said the offense was
certainly one that permitted of bail, and
he did not see why bonds of $10,000 had
been fixed for a crime that involved only
$2300. He asked the court to reduce the
ball when It. bound the prisoner over to
answer.
Deuprey objected. He said it was not the
amount involved bo much as the character
of the offense that should determine the
amount of the bail, and In the case of
the prisoner, he. said, the offense, was ag
gravated by the fact that he had preyed
upon the estates of the dead and had for
gotten his oath as an attorney, and had
attempted to violate the temple of Justice
itself. Such a bond as would Insure the
presence of the defendant, repardless of
the amount involved, was the proper bail
he thought. And then he called attention
to the fact that Chretien had declared
that he would go to the Orient if he could,
and he intimated that, unless the. ball
were fixed fairly high, there was danger
that, the prisoner would not appear when
he was wanted. .
The Judge thought a moment and then
Jssued an order holding Chretien to an
swer before the Superior Court on a
charge of forgery, with bail fixed at $10.
000—what It was before. There is another
charge hanging over Chretien, so it is safe
to say he will remain In Jail.
The stoppage of proceedings before the
Police Court regarding Rogers' connection
with the probate frauds is only a respite,
for the case Is still under consideration
by the Grand Jurv. and it will probably
be taken up next Friday, for the Jury has
been awaiting developments "in the lower
tribunal. . ¦¦--¦¦
tinent. and Deuprey repeated it.
"I did apply It." paid Rogers, "but I did
not think then, nor do I believe now, that
the court had jurisdiction."
"Did you not recognize that the court
was endeavoring the investigate a wrong
committed?"
"T diri tint tVilnt tho *»mirt had inHsrtfn-
yesterday.
Captain Daniel Angien of Company K
of the- Twelfth Infantry has been granted
sick leave.
Major Hugh R. Belknap. additional pay
master, U. S. V., has reported in this city
and is assigned to duty in the Depart
ment of California.
• ¦• • . • - - » • ,
my door and asked me to go to 1221 Cali
fornia street. She being a stranger to m«j
I asked for an escort and the watchman
provided me with Dr. Hetntz. W» threa
went In a carriage to 1Z3. Ca-iforru»
street."
"Did Mlsa Rattigan tell you your mother
was dead?"
"She did not. When I proposed to tak»
a doctor she said we would not need one.
My common sense told me that my
mother was dead and that this was Mis*
Rattlgan's delicate way of breaking It to
me. I did not ask her if my mother wero
dead, but drew my own conclusions."
Dr. Heintz later te3tilled that Miss Rat
tigan told Mrs. Murray in his presence
that Mrs. Townsend was dead.
"I rested on the staira for a few min
utes," continued Mrs. Murray, "and ther*
went up to the bathroom and saw the re-**
mains of my mother. I knelt beside ht>M
and prayed to Almighty God for strength
to bear it."
Mrs. Murray's voice trembled and her
eyes filled with tears, but a moment later
she bridled at a question concerning tha
keys, and said with pugnacious emphasia
that she did not toucn the body, as sha
was aware that was the Coroner's duty.
: She had not inquired the cause of her
mother's death and could not identify tha
morphine pill box.
Judga Paterson ventured to ask Mrs.
Murray, with doubt in his tone. If sha
were a resident of San Francisco.
"Yes, sir!" the witness retorted withi
emphasis that made attorneys and juror*
start &4. at a thunder clap.
Counsel May Attack Verdict.
The witness Lad not told her relatives In
Massachusetts that she was coming to
California. She had been here once in
1332 and again In 1V.H.
"What particular key were you looking}
for when you wanted the body searched?"
was asked of her.
"I was not lookiner for any key. MIs«
KattiKan was surrendering the Keys oC
my mother's establishment to me and sh^
asked Deputy Coroner Brown to search
for the little red purse."
"You watched while the search wa*
' made?" asked Ju«l>:e Paterson.
"I looked as you would have looked IS
your mother had dropped dead." repliei
the witness, with much more anger than
sorrow In her voice. Judge Sullivan rais«-<l
objections, and during the wrangle that
followed Judge Paterson's sensational
statement came. -
Dr. J. P. E. Helntz followed Mrs. Mur
ray on the witness-stand. Dr. Charles L.
Morgan, the chemist, who analyzed th*
stomach of deceased, said no trace of
morphine was found. Dr. T. TV*. B. Le
land, the autopsy surgeon, told the results
of the autopsy.
Harry \V. Morosco and Police Officer
Alexander gave unimportant testimony,
and after Attorney Asher's unsuccessful
attempt to get the inquiry continued until
the letters in Bradford's possession coul'i
be obtained, the case was submitted to,
the jury. i
A verdict of death from syncope &v<\(
hypertrophy of the heart, from natural
causes, was agreed upon by the jury
with very little discussion. The Jurors
were as follow:
Fred B. Haight, foreman; J. F. Halton,
John M. Ratto. Ed Smith. Morris Mar
cuse, J. H. Newbauer. Edward Wolf. J. J.
Cafferty. F. B. Dallance and EL B. Grace.
Attorney Asher said after the verdict
was given that he considered the Inquest
farcical as far as getting at the bottom
of the tragedy was concerned. He Inti
mated that he might apply to have th*
verdict set aside and another inquest held.
Asked If he intended to make another ap
plication for an order to search the Town
send residence for the secret panel cf
which Mrs. Bessie Smith claims to have
knowledge, he said: -
"We ahall do so as soon aa a probate
Judge Is ready to take up the matti".
Our first motion was ex parte. We shall
prepare the formal motion carefully, and
we have confidence that we shall gain our
point."
Attorney Asher Says
Attempt May Be
Made to Have Ver
dict Set Aside.
INSINUATIONS THAT MRS. ALMIRA TOWNSEND WAS
MURDERED CREATE EXCITEMENT DURING INQUEST
Ex- Judge Van R. Paterson Makes Sensa
tional Statements Founded on a Let
ter From C. C. Bradford, Who Says
Mrs. Townsend Was Filled With Fear.
WE might as well meet the issue now and here. This jury has
been called to determine the cause of Mrs. Townsend's death.'
It is not for counsel to say whether she died by poison ad
ministered by herself or se one else. In order to cause
death it is not necessary that the blow be given on the spot or that
the poison be given the moment before the breath leaves the body.
We are not here to charge this lady with anything improper, but
we desire to lay every bit of evidence as to cause of death before
the jury. I say to your Honor that, incredible as it may seem, we
are in receipt of information which directly connects this witness
[Mrs. Murray] with her mother's death, libelous and defamatory
though it may be."
T the Inquest yesterday into the
/' \\ <ause o f ceaih of Mrs. Almira S.
Jf Ti.wnsend ex-Supreme Justice Van
"" R. Paterson. of counsel for Joseph
W. Cnjjurri. brother of the dead woman.
Uttered sensational words that preclpl
t;u. ij an exchange of angry statements
between counsel and greatly excited the
auditors. Judge Paterson declared that a
lottiT had been received directly connect
ing Mrs. Ella F. Murray with her
mother'* death. The scene after he had
the words was a mere dramatic
one than la often seen even in the home
of thrilling situations, the public Morgue
inqu«'<l room.
Judge P.-itirson's words were uttered
wiin biting emphasis that must have
made them sink <u-ep into the scul of the
witness on »he Mar.d at the time, Mrs.
Klia l-\ Murray, who shuddered with hor
ror as the terrible insinuation came forth.
A lonji -drawn, almost inaudible, "Oh!"
was the only sound the daughter of the
dead woman uttered, and then with
*=l»hir.y-liko self-control she waited for her
i-.: :.. Treys to interpose objections to her
aecu:tr> statements.
"We might as well meet the issue now
ar.d here, ' exclaimed Judge Paterson.
"This jury has be«"n called to determine
the cause of Mrs. Townsend's death. It is
not for counsel to detciraine whether she
died by poison administered by herself or
Mime one else. In order to cause death it
is not necessary that the blow be given on
the tspot or that the poison be given the
moment before the breath leaves the
body. We are not here to charge this lady
with anything improper, but we desire to
lay e\ery bit of evidence as to the cause
<>f death l"=fore the Jury. I say to your
; Honor that incredible as it may seem we
•are la receipt of information which direct
iy connects this witness with her mother's
oeath. libelous and defamatory though
it may be.
. Ex-Judp<> Jeremiah Sullivan of Sullivan
A- Sullivan, attorneys for Mrs. Murray,
was on his feet instantly, objecting io
what he termed the libelous statements
of Judfre Paterson. Justice of the Peace
Barry, who was presiding in the absence
of Coro«t-r Cole, ruled that the informa
tion that Judge Paterson was trying to
vt from the witness was not relevant to
the* Inquest. Then Judge Paterson fol
lowed with a denunciation scarcely Ie«s
sensational than the rirst. He said:
¦ "Thon you rule that we have no right
to show the motives of this witness— to
show her relations to her mother: rela- :
tioi:p that were not those of a natural
daughter. This woman entered the house
where her dead mother, lay, took possej
sion of it and barricaded it against rela
tives. H«-r action in this matter displaytd
motives that are not such as actuate a
daughter if she is acting honestly."
Justice Barry paid that only evidence
bearing directly upon the death or reie
var.t to happenings on the day of thi:
death would be admitted. Judge Pater
son asked:
"Suppose that we can show a conspiracy
existing the day before to kill this woman,
would you admit that in evidence?"
"Do you dare." shouted Judge Sullivan,
"to assort the existence of any i-uch evl
d«-nre?"
Miitt Sullivan was also on his feet and
the brothers both seemed in a rag-j.
PARTIES IN INTEREST AND ATTORNEYS AT THE INQUEST ON MRS. TOWNSEND.
Townsend showed It to me several years
ago and said it contained morphine pills;
that they had caused the death of a dear
friend and that in consequence she had a
perfect dread of morphine."
Purse Held Safe Deposit Key.
Witness was sure that Mrs. Townsend
had never shown any evidence of suicidal
tendencies and that she was not brooding
over any trouble during the last week of
her life or after Mrs. Murray's arrival
from the East. She was busy with plans
to aid the Ninth of September celebration.
Miss Rattigan denied any knowledge of
a secret cabinet in the California-street
residence. She said that she and Mra.
Murray were anxious that the body be
searched for a small red purse In which
Mrs. Townsend always carried a safe de
posit key. Deputy Coroner Brown search
ed but found no purse. The witness was
not present afterward when the safe de
posit box was opened. .
.- Dr. Henry J: Sartorl made a contribu
tion.- in his testimony, of a character
study of Miss Rattigan. According to
him, she. hurrying to get him to come to
the aid of her dear friend and patron, had
asked him to summon a lawyer If he knew
of one conveniently near. Dr. Sartori had
not thought that part of his professional
duty and no lawyer was summoned. He
found that Mrs. Townsend was dead when
he arrived. Miss Rattlgan's father,
mother and sister came soon afterward
and Miss Rattigan went to get Mrs. Mur
ray. Witness went otu to telephone to
Shortridge and Colonel George H. Pippy,
appointed by the court as attorneys for
the absent heirs, were in attendance,
though neither offered any suggestions or
asked any questions.
The inquest began with a tilt between
the lawyers. Judge Paterson said that
the autopsy and examination of the stom
ach were held at the request of Joseph
W. Coburn. Judge Sullivan claimed that
Paterson was mistaken and that the in
quest was being held at the request I of
his client. Mrs. Murray. Hugo Ascher
came to bat. He said that he had sug
gested the analysis of the stomach and
the Inquest. .-.,:.
Only the Chinaman "Was There.
Ying. the Chinaman, the only servant of ,
the Townsend household, was the first
witness. He told of Mrs. Townsend's re-'
turn from the theater at about 11:30
o'clock on Saturday night, July 21. She
was very ill and he helped her upstairs.
Miss Rattigan. who had come with her,
went home. He prepared some meat and
fruit for Mrs. Townsend and took the
food to her room. In about fifteen minutes
she called him and told him to go for Miss
Rattigan and tell her to get a doctor ami
tell him to bring morphine. He hurried
to Miss Rattisan's home on Clay street
and aroused her. He returned alone and
waited for Miss Rattigan and they went
upstairs and found Mrs. Townsend in the
bathroom, dead. When asked to identify ;
the box of morphine pills found on the ¦
washstand In the bathroom he said, I
"Never saw box— never saw anything."
Dr. J. P. McCone testified to having
treated Mrs. Townsend on July 14 and
having diagnosed her trouble as neuralgia
of the heart and enlargement of the
heart muscle.
Miss Rattigan, who had acted for sev
eral years as a confidential secretary to
Mrs: . Townsend, ¦was called. She was in
deep mourning and gave her evidence in
even tone3 without any show of emotion
other than some anger at questions of the
attorneys for Coburn.
Witness testified that she 'received no
salary from Mrs. Townsend — her work
being performed simply as a friend. She
retold the story of returning from the
theater and being called about 1 o'clock
by Ylng, who gave her Mrs. Townsend's
message.
"I told one of my relatives," said the
witness, "to call a cab, as from my knowl
edge of Mrs. Townsend's condition I
thought I might need it."
Miss Rattigan told without a tremor of
finding Mrs. Townsend's bodv lying life
less on Its face in the bathroom. Then Dr.
Sartorl came and she entered the cab and
went to. the , Palace Hotel . to get Mrs.
Murray. She told the last named that her
mother was dead. She had not seen Mrs.
Murray before, but knew of her arrival
July 9 at Mrs. Townsend's residence and
of Mrs. Townsend's visits to her at the
hotel.
When shown the box of morphine pills.
Miss Rattigan said:
"I have seen the box several times. Mrs.
Justice Barry quelled the storm of words
with difficulty.
I/etter Containing Charges.
"Since counsel cannot get along in
peace." the acting Coroner said. "1 will
conduct the examination myself," and he
did it by promptly excusing the witness
Mrs. Murray was led from the stand by
Judge Sullivan. She had occupied, with
Judge l'aterfon. the center of the stage
in the dramatic scene, but she made her
exit with tearless eyes and perfect self
control.
Judge Paterson's reference applied to
the information contained in a letter re
eejved yesterday at noon from Charles
C. Bradford and his wife. Ehza Bradford.
a sister of Mrs. Townsend. from Ka-st
Boston, dated July 25. Attorney Asher
gave the letter to Justice Barry with the
request that he read it and decide whether
the investigation should not follow broad
er lines than a mere inquiry Into the
events of July 21 and 22. Me said counsel
for Coburn had telegraphed for the letters
written by Mrs. Townsend to which refer
ence was made in the letter submitted and
he suggested that the inquest be con
tinued until the arrival of these letters.
The acting Coroner's ruling was against
the attorney and tue proceedings con
tinued.
Judge Paterson and Asher refused to
give the letter out for publication. Attor
ney Asher said that in it Bradford told
of receiving letters from Mrs. Townsend,
expressive of the shock Mrs. Murray's ar
rival had caused her and her Increasing
perturbation over Mrs. Murray's presence
in San Francisco. Other facts and conclu
sions drawn by Bradford, which the at
torney could not disclose, were contained
in the letter.
Judge Paterson's outburst had followed
objections that were made to questions
asked by him of Mrs. Murray regarding
her reason for asking the deputy Coroner
to search her mother's body for a certain
red purse that she knew her to possess
and regarding the anxiety of witness to
possess herself of that purse and the key
which it was supposed to contain.
Judge Sullivan and his brother objected
to the introduction of evidence not direct
ly connected with the death of the de
ceased, whether tending to show motives
or probable cause for suicide or Indirect
cause of death from heart failure. Justice
Barry was In accord with their views and
the investigation was confined within nar
row limits. The jury's verdict was the
only one possible from the evidence— death
from natural causes.
The Inquest was crowded with moments
of Intense Interest. Ylns. the Chinese
servant; Miss XeIHe Rattisan, and Mrs.
Murray appeared as most dramatic char
acters. Throughout the testimony of the
two women there was apparent a fear of
giving out something that would go
against them in the impending litigation,
against which they braced themselves
with a coldness and pugnacity that
showed a striking resemblance in their
characters.
Seldom has such an array of legal talent
gathered at an inquest.
The Sullivans were there for Mrs. Mur
ray. Judge Paterson and Hugo Asher ap
peared for Joseph W. Coburn, brother of
Mrs. Tovrnsend, and Gustave Gunsendor
fer for Thomas T. Townsend, the divorced
husband of the deceased. Samuel M.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1900.
4
London medical 'papers discuss an out-
break of typhoid fever at Exeter, which
has ¦ been . traced . to , consumption of raw
cockles. , . •-' .'
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
//f "*\ STRICTLY RELIABLE.
C*SD Dr. Talcott
J|f &Co.
p/ \$W^%* Practice Confined
VT \W\ II to Disorders of
\ I / the Malc -
IN THE VARIOUS FOKMS OF GEN'ER.%1*
debility, and convalescence following certalVi
diseases, such la the lowered standard of th%
vital processes that the function of no organ la
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-
pression the patient haa a REAL weakness.
The physician's first thought, under these con-.
dUlons. is nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness —
Symptoms!
By far the rreater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for to-called "Weakneiw" \%
furnuihed by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we flnd a. Prostate Oland which had
been damaged by either a contracted disorder
or early dissipation. These patients have no
weakness at all. Prematarenesa. I^ss of Vital-
ity, etc., are the symptoms, or disordered func-
tion, of th» chronically Inflamed proatate gland
We flnd by curlnc this Inflammation that full
vigor at once returns. It should be understood
that tonics, electricity, etc., minnt cure a real
weaknws. but would do harm In Inflammation.
The main object la to reduce the size of th*
tender, swollen and inflamed prostate. This w«
accomplish by local treatment, thus avoiding
drugs. Men who have unsuccessfully treat*. I
for a weakness should now understand tha
cause of failure. We send free on application *
colored chart of the organs which wil! be fouml
useful in home diagnosis and interesting to all
wishing to study the anatomy of the male.
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
{museum of anatomy?
\ Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 i'uftn. World WesJinerse* of a.i y contracted 4
3L Jwsr&W disease pemlll»»lj> cured ivy the oldeu ™
(j- jsriVA 1 Coau. Eu.j6yo*t» 4^
f jptf I DR - •H>Rfl*H-"HHVATE DISEASES 4
\ ffCf'JWl tcnultanon frtn and ttnefly pri,** V
iiXTZLi £[! >m ' : ~ P" S0M "y «» by letter. A M±
\ h W M B. "*¦"** <*«>"» every ease undertaken. <r^
A IF H \\ffc w mefor Dnok.PDlLOllOPBy •• A '
A fl (I »»lu«!>le book for an,, ****¦ A \
1 Dttf«mi>AK <* jtO , jou MartcetSt.a F. f
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fo £* h « CuPe °« Gonorrhoea, G!«ots>.
btneturea «nl nnolcjj us comolaiat*
of theOr*a:iao? tienerntion.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
SANS SOUCl,
PRIVATE HOME FOR PATWVT<»
anccs. CHRONIC DISEASES A SPECIALTY
Charges reasonable. DU. flCIHUMAS Cot-
S .tln g Phy,lcian. 1409 Van xK. near
t>USl» 81.
**EW WESTER* HOTEL.
|/EARXT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
ro m £? eled and renovated. K INO. WARD A
ts »«"m i? D ? n J )Ian -»» Rooms - 60c to n 50 day;
.nrt.n : U ta 42!) rno ««rt- Fr^e baths; h >t
and cold water every room; fire grates In «very
room; elevator runs all nlKht.
1A/. T. HESS. \
Tend Floor. Room lOli, Claus Sprtcltels mat.
Telephone Brown J31..
Renliienc*. sii CaUloriu* »U. batow .Powtil.
• ' ¦ • • ¦ :.Ask Further Instruction From City
and, County Attorney'¦Regard
s' ¦ ing Price Case. " •
City and County «Attnrney Lane has
rendered an opinion to the Police Com
missioners on the legal questions Involved
In the proposition to, reinstate Sergeant
Price as a, lieutenant, but the Comr.ils
slou«*rs are stilMn doubt on one point, and
at their meeting last night asked for fur
ther . instruction a"s to the old » board's^
power to disrate an otttcer without a trial
That action points unmistakably to Ser
geant Price's reinstatement--'
. Officer. Calnan. whp Is charged with
horse-stealing, did not, appear before the
board and as a matter of form the case
went over one week for testimony , 0 =
The charge against OfflcerPeter J. Bur
dette was dismissed. He was charged
with making an unwarranted arrest of S.
H. Pitman for vioFatlon of a park or
dinance.
Special Officer Carrtck was relieved of
his star for refusing to arrest two pick
pockets "at the Olympia Theater who had
relieved Dairyman McMillan of a diamond
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
STILL NOT SATISFIED
Manuel Percria in 1S9S made application
to the Trustees of the town of Etna, SIs
kiyou County, for, n franchise to put up
poles and wires fqr tlie purposo, of fur
nishing the people Tvith electtic lights and
poTi-er.:' ¦ His application ,was, quietly
shelved, but' at the meeting at Which this
actlori. took- place- the privileges asked for
bv. him' were granted to the Rtrta o Develop
riiijnt-- Company. • Ixtcldeivtally *lt. nihy be
jn'ontirjned that four of the Town a Tru?tees
wcre : directly- interested in the . favored
cbriiphny " Pererla'.brought action to com
fiel ¦ the Tfustees- .to J grsint° him the fran»
chite,.'and in the lower, court he won his
s.uit.: : .'Yesterday 7 the Supreme Court' up
held-the judgment «f. = the lower, court.".
Could Not Be Frozen Out.
SPRINGFIKLD, Mass., July 31.— Ilarry
Caldwell of "Boston defeated Charles Milier
of Chicapc by four laps in a fifteen mile
motor-paced race this evening at the
Coliseum. :.; - o >.: ss
The time. 2T.;30 2-5, Is -the fastest ever
ridden on a pix-lap track. : r.
M&kes Fast Time.
Great dissatisfaction vfas expressed at
Dawsfin City this spring, he says, aftor
the (rsehup by miners who : workrd fnr
men who had leased minlncrlalms from
the owners. The laymen si>?n contracts
to work so many feet of the claim duriii.?
the ppason, tho owner to receive If) per
cent of the £old coming out of the cUJm:
and the loss<?<; at;re*-inB that all \merv
working the r.ropcrty will be; employed
under a written contract. .by 0 which Vicy
prozrilse : not to hold the claim In any \ay
liable for tholr wages. It has turned but
in hundreds c of cases that", the costlof
working the claims has taken. more tlnn
iA per cnt uf , I he outpat— the lessei's
share. Thus the me« o «-mploj-ed on tie
claims have been deprived of their wagtV
Laymen on rich claims, -Says Consul Mi-
Cook, can do- very well, but the majorirt
of Klondike claims cannot be worked o\
this baeia at the current rate- of wages. \
"The- great necessity now -in Alaska,"
%Ayt, Ckinsul McCook, "I? pood roads, g'>od
'¦arnpR and the prospecting of compara>
tiv*:>- unknown spctiolis."' °:
VTAEniN'GTON. July EL— "AHska la
destlred to be a v.onderful inJnin? coun
try." said United States Consul McCooJc,
at Dawjon City, in a letter to the State
Department. , The Tanana district, he
Fays, i? creating a stir and Is dividing
honors with the Koyukuk country. In the
Tanana regions the miners claim ther can
pet from 10 to HO cents' worth of pay dirt
10 the pan, and this In summer diggings,
v.'ith only twn cr three fr-et to bedrock.
Is equivalent 10 Jl a pan whore one has to
Ko twenty-Owe f**ot to bedrock.
AUSKA WILL BE A
GREAT MINING COUNTRY
•OKLA I'lOMA'. » CITY'. .1. ,T..'' July 31 —The .
Tj-holc»a1e lumber flnn- of T. .M.° Hlchardson i &
'Son- of this pldqe, ..vvflth* headquarters •aVHiSlis-'
ton o . Texas, has' made an aitn'lgnment .for ;ihc
benefit of their -creditors. -The. liabilities will
•reach $?40. 000; ..'assets, ° unknown.. .The- com
pany "has done' tin. immense 'business ln° Ok lu
¦homa, Arkansas, Indian Territory and : Texas.,
They-operateii f-awmllls Ht -various ; places and.
their failure will. It U eald t injure many busi
ness men. ¦•¦ .'¦.;.;• ..• • " •.! ¦'¦
LONIjON, July' SlI-i-Thbrniis BpJitbh Sf'smey; a
solicitor,' Vas •comrnli'tejJ' fof : trial -In the-' Marl
berough'.streef police : ;'couft° to-day"' on five
cfiarge«..of conspiracy 'to. defraud '^llents^ Sl's
mey Is "a- pnrtner of .Julian'.. ,H. Arnold;' who -In
resirtlni? rxtraVHtlori: at; San: I-Yarrcfscb. .The
rnaKJctrate'.iiiacwl • Si-smey'js; bail -'at JIO.000,
WhlcK .is. eb!>sld< 6 n > o'. -prohibitive'.;' \..'\ °\,. <".,
ST. • PETETy?.nURG..:>Iuly SU^Hie :Seorefary
of- the United States •Ernliaasy.HerCv.- Herbert'? p.
Pierce,, has -bfff.ti -appointed' .-to/ represent -jhe
Unlled' Ktai'H fa'- the ;arbjtratlon- ofj the 'Kusifjan
seizure-: Of Amoric'an : .flsh.er9 i^i the. Uerfrig Se.a.
The cas<? will lje;.hi'ard;a.t .ThpUafruB.:* • . ¦;?'.'.;¦
MONTREAL;- .Tu|y"3K~-Twb companies of-ithe
Eighty-fifth .RoslmeiYt hi PJiecbcbok* >iaye- l^eji
orderf-d to MateB la prevent 'rioting- osn'6h± -XUe
mill hnndsf'wll.o'-'liji'ye .beeni'lpclied.' out'.h'eeauiwj
they : «sWe<r, -for":. ; higher.. ' wa^gs.,' VThe ! 8trlk.e'ra
number nliout : 3 000- | '•-..-;." V ¦•' ' ,= ;- : ;'i':.-
LONDON. July .aiS^The United States B«h
bnssador to .CJprinahy;" Andrew D. Whfte, I'a'niJ
John IV nock*>.r.eller.»<>r/KTew «Y0rk t . are.pasBCn--
Rersonthe "ftf.iiuo-r.-.Deutehland. .which .nailed
from j Cherbourg'" last [ ii'ta.'h t -for. New ¦ York.".'
LONDON. July "* 31.— The Hev., -Charles. «M.
Sheldon of T-ofeka. Kans.. who . lias . beeiv . at
tenriing the World'*., Christian Endeavor :6m
ventlon. will Fa'l for the Knlted Statejs- to-mor
row on the Teutonic, from Liverpool' -'...V-!'
WASHINGTON. July 31. -The census office
to-day announced the population of the "trlty
of Cincinnati, Ohio, , to lie 32">.0:'2. an Increase
over the lafct census '-of 2S.994, or 9.77 per oent.
CANTON. July 21.— President McKlnley will
Iravp Canton at 1:30 Wednesday afternoon,
rrarhlnn Washington early Thursday. morning,
where he expects to remain two days.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— The recently ap
pointed jHpanes>e Minister to the United States,
Minister Koporro Takhiri, accompanied by his
wife, arrived here this afternoon.
KEW TOIUC. July. 31.— The steamship Majes
tic, sailing for CiirnfMS to-niorruw, will take out
250.000 ounrni of silver.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
George Daniels.
LONDON. July 31.-George Daniels,
United States Consul nt Hull under Presi
dent Harrison's administration, died here
to-day.
NEW YORK, July 31.— William D. Daly,
member of tho House of Representatives
from the Seventh New Jersey District,
died at Far Rockaway. Long Island, to
day, of apoplexy. He had been in hl3
usual health up to last night.
William D. Daly.
¦WILMINGTON. Del., July* 3L— Lewis
Cass VandeKgxift. a leading member of
the bar. whose term as United States
District Attorney expired a few months
ago. died to-day In this city. Mr. ¦Vande
grift had served as a member of the
r>ernocratic National Committee.
Lewis C. Vande grift.'
BOSTON*. July :U.-Ballard ;SfnHh. the
well-known Journalist, died to-day In' the
McLean Asylum at Waverly. For a num
ber of years Mr. Smith was.- connected
with the Now York World.;: For some
time he was managing editor aind aftor
¦ward.a leading correspondent.. : of that pa
per. Mr. Smith was 45 years; <>£ acre.* "
Ballard Smith.
pairs to schoolhouses has acted without
any authority, as. according to City At
torney Lane, the Board of Public Works
alone has the power to arrange for repair-*
to all municipal buildings. As soon as
Auditor Wells was informed that the
Board of Education had invited bids and
let the contracts for repairs to several
schoolhouses he requested the presence of
Chairman Mark, who contended that th»»
board was acting under the State law and
that City Attorney Lane had advised it
verbally that It was acting within its
rights in awarding the contracts.
Mr. Lane says, however, that he never
advised the board either verbally or in
writing that it had the power to act in the
premises. Lane says he was never con
sulted in reference to repairs of schools,
but had only expressed an opinion regard
ing the. board's right to appoint Its own
janitors. The repairs for which contracts
were awarded are:
Denman Grammar School actually expended
$isr>. Whittler Primary $70?. Hamilton. Gram
mar $C0O. Lnfayptte I*rimary $-1C0, Garfleld Pri
mary $S00. Buena Vista fs'jO.
In order to avoid the
Board of Public Works will write a com
munication to Auditor Wells in which It
will waive all rights in the matter, as tho
work to be done is considered to be of ur
gent necessity.
Power Lies With Board of Public
Works— Will Be No Dslay In
Work.
The Board of Education in recently
awarding a number of contracts for re-
SCHOOL BOARD CANNOT
REPAIR ITS BUILDINGS
Hamilton lived with his family at 939
Hampshire street. A brother, also a
boiler-maker, is now nt Jamestown*. . i •,*•"
Alex Strang, one of the riveters, was
severely burned about the hands and
arms. The other workmen escaped In-
Jury. A number of bags in the boiler
room were set on fire by the oil but the
flames were extinguished with but little
damage.
Hamilton and his companions were
patching the Alameria's boilers and were
at work with a machine for ¦ heating
rivets. An oil tube leaked, letting a pool
of oil collect on the iloor. A boy who
was holding a lamp to give the riveter*
light to work by dropped the lamp on
the floor. The pool of oil Ignited and in
stantly an explosion followed, throwing
burning oil all over Hamilton.
The unfortunate man was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital and from there
to the City Receiving Hospital. He re
tained consciousness and displayed most
remarkable fortitude, showing most con
cern for his wife and child, for whom he
asked repeatedly. The physicians at the
hospitals say that It was one of the most
severe cases of burning that has come un
der their notice.
Hamilton was completely enveloped by
the flames and every stitch of clothing
was burned from his body. There was
scarcely a square inch of surface of his
body that was not burned and In many
places the flesh was burned to a crisp.
Matt Hamilton, chief boiler-maker of the
Rlsdon Iron Works, was fatally burned
by an explosion of oil in the boiler-room
of the steamer* Alameda at 8 o'clock last
evening. He died at 10 o'clock at the
City Receiving Hospital.
Boy Drops a Lighted Lamp in the
Fluid on the Steamer Alameda
and a Tragedy
Kcsults.
Matt Hamilton Dies of Terri
ble Burns at Receiving
Hospital.
AWFUL DEATH
CAUSED BY AN
OIL EXPLOSION
SANTA CRUZ. July 31.— This has been
a busy day at the Christian Church Con
vention. Besides the election and installa
tion of officers of -the Christian Women's
Board of Missions and the transaction of
much Important, business, an interesting
literary programme was carried out.
At the business session the nominating
'committee reported through Mrs. \V. 11.
Martin of Fresno. The report was ac
cepted, and the following officers were
elected and installed' by the Rev. H. N.
Davis of Woodland:
Frcsldent — Mrs. Henry Shadle of 'Eacra
.meiito.
Vice President— Mrs. Sue E. Grant of Wood
land.
Secretary— Mrs. Mnttle Proctor of Pan Joa».
Tre&surei — Mrs. Curtner of Warm Spring*.
State Organizer— Mrs. Kll Fisher of Petaluma.
Junior Superintendent— Mrs. II. W. Powers of
Butte City.
District Manager*-- Sonoma. Mr*. B. F.
Hound; SHcrameiito. Mrs. It. M. Butler of Wil
lows; Simla Clnra. Mrs. Mary Durham of Irv
ington; Bay. Mrs. M. ¦ A. Nash of San Fran
cisco. | „ ,
StatfvSecretary Mrs. M. C. Proctor's re
port .was in part as follows:'
SprclaJ "collections' famine fund. $ 27s SS
Bible ftialr'ln Berkeley Seminary...;.... 64 31
India orphann .."..: — j.... ......<„. ..{,.... go 0)
Other coTferlnss'' .: ;..; ....'.."......;.. 42 75
Mcjiey; raised for other -missionary pur-'*
, :POseS .--v v... .-•....¦.«..:....•.,„:.-..;...,. "1559 4$
°Tlie ; !}Vn,tsonvijle secIety'Kaxl ..the' best
ayenvgij per rnernher, : nnme!y=; $-j 27.; °" ' =•'
The: ix-port " on -State work : ivyas read by ;
J. li. Butler.; lt>taUHl.in pa*t: . "
' : Fivejtjioiu'sand ilollars-Ja to be'.isked for from-.
, the- NaU.b'n«l Honrd.'to .-be lined tor' Sim- Fran-.'.
Cisco ovaitgellnUc Xvoi;k;.-nnd. foV. Chinese and'
, .Taijanesif iwdrlc. aloiiu \tlie' Toast.;.* -The --feu m". 'of
•J2CK)' .Kiiij : apprbpria'l-cd tnward .work irr " Jr'silo-
A1UJ.- 1 :?: !i • •; '-' '"' ' ¦'¦¦ '- : J '¦ '"' : - " ' '-. :
In- t^ie'iStete are thirty^-elght auxiliaries, ejfeht'
haVInK beHn. orcanlzed in Jthc |;a«t 'yeitr. The
number-jol members Is'.- 673, dly4Jej in-' twelve
dlstricflsi-V- '¦¦-.. .. ? '. 'f ; . ..•
: I»urtns the year sfx district convent Ions 'have:
: been' he£d;> ••„."•'•. •" o ¦¦:'• i..: ¦ ,.• ",, -• ;
."For, the auditing committee' Miss Mary
Durharh'sof Irvington reported. " ¦••
'.Mrs. W, II. White of San Francisco re
ported iifor. the committee oh-resolutlons .
Tliey -a^k. that. .'Churches b^ exempted
fromtaxktion. . . : -\'--° "¦".. ° " .".-¦-.: .
5 ; -A- corn niunlcatlon was deceived ' from the '
trustees-of Oarfteld Pnrk, giving the C*
"W.-.B. M. a lotlrf-Gajflelil Park on condi-.'
tlon that ; thej« plnnt trees.anQbeautify it
.Mrs. M.:> T ash of San-' Francisco' thanked"
th^-trustees on behalf of the. women. ....
Greetings" were received from Mrs Ly
dial^use-of San Francisco. •
• Mrs. Vlra Durham reportedfor the orjlt-
unry* committee that* the following.mem
bers ..had died, during the year: .Mrs. M
Rich and Mrs. Thomas of, San Jose Dr
Henrj' of Pacific Grove. Mrs. Atchison of
Santa Rosa, Mrs. Ingram of Irvington
Special LMspatch to The Call.
Interesting Ig"; the Literary
: Progran:- me, Carried Out •
• in the Morning.
REPORTS THE YEAR
Election i§rtd i Iiist^la-:
; I Won "i Qffl^etsrof ; • >:
} Mission fioard;^; ••.:
WOMEN'S DAY
OF BUSINESS
Horace Ewin? was p;ranterl a license to
open the old Grove-street Theater under
the name of the Alta Theater.
Corporal Egan's petition to he restored
to the position of detective wu.3 referred
to the Pension Commission.
Officers John D. Shine and Richard D.
McGrayan were ordered suspended.
pin. The same charge against Special Of
ficer Williams was not substantiated.
Kilueation— A. M. McCoy of Red Bluff, W. B.
Rerry of San Francisco, G. N. Freeman of
Fresno. E. T. Xesblt of Saratoga. W. M. White
of San Francisco.
Nomln?.t!cns~R. II. Sawyer of Watsonville.
Peter Colvln of Santa Rosa, L.. B. Cogglns of
Grldley. T. D. Butler of Red Bluff, T. A. Boyer
of Stockton.
'Knrollment — K. Johnston of Williams. Joseph
Shields of XIpomo. C. E. Edgcman of Ruther
ford.
Obituaries— J. II. McCullouKh of Irvlnston.
Mrs. Sue K. Grant of Woodland. Mrs. M. C.
Proctor of San Jope. J. N. I.mJron of Fresno.
B. F. Eonnell of Oeyserville.
Press— R. I* McHatton of Santa Cruz.-W. F.
Rcagor of Colusa, H. \V. Powers of Butte
City. . .
Finance— J. Albright of "Watsonville. R. II.
Grant of Woodland, Thomas Harr of Oakland.
This afternoon Mrs. Sue E.* Grant of
Woodland spoke on "Our Neetl : of Refor.
matlon,'" Lulu J. ; Moore of San Jose
on the "Elements of a Successful Meet
ing," Mrs. Eli Fisher of Petaluma on
"Development," Mrs. Ida King of San
Jose on "One Hundred Thousand Wom
en." Mrs. S. S. Murphy of Red Bluft on
""Willing Service" and Mrs. M. Proctor of
San Jos»? on "Th*» Greatest Need of the
Church of Christ."
Tho Rev. Joseph Lowe of Bakersfield
preached this evening.
• The committees appointed for the regu
lar State convention . of all the churches,
which opens to-morrow, are:
Resolutions— G. W. Sweeney of Oakland. F.
13. Sapp of San Jose, Eli Fisher of Petaluma,
J. A. Brown of . Salinas. J. D. Wilmot of
Vnllcjo.
•. The Workers' Round Table tWs- after
noon was conducted by Mrs.: H. R • Hur
ton of-. San Jose, and '"the Rov. Henry
Shadle of Sacramento 'conducted the -.im
pressive closing consecration service.
•' "The "Relation" of -the Woman'? Chris
tian 'Tenipcrance Union to- Misstons". was
the" title of a paper read by Mrs.. Anna. E-
Clark of Gilroy: A.. recitation, by! Leonard
Wright of San'Jflse" followed^ .f '"
¦.iilrs; fiue K. Grant of: WobdEand' spoke
oh "Mexico. J. IL' Durham of Irvington,
who -attended, the national' C..'W. B. M.
convention In the East. -made a report of
that asscrvbly. °; .? * •
'•The sermon of the mo miner .was by the
Rev. E>. B. Burton of San Jose. 1 •" •. ¦
A. paper .on' the i'-'Twentiejth Cehtury
\Vo-man." was read by 3Irs.- Q... N.- Free
man of .Fresno.' This? was foUowed;by. a
vocal' jltiet by- Mesd.ames; Slawsori ' and
Hcilcorribe. t. ';¦'.' ':;¦"-.: '"¦< \: ¦::'•_
'An encouragthg report of : tHe -Southern
California convention, of theC. W**"-B. M.
was given by the Rev. A: C: vSmither of
I-ob Angeles.' [.:'*¦". " ¦;*¦ "-¦-: ' '••'-. • .- '
":The. : nralse service- was'-. led -by. E/ -I*
Burch .oj lEurekaiahcl' the -Bible "Study by
the Rev.. Hiram Van .Kirk.. This was fol
lowed by a vooal isolobyi Mrs.: Frank Ford
of Sarr -Francisco.- -The 'devotional exer
cises were. led.by;Mrs. .C. W. ! Craycroft of
Fresnoc. •"' I :¦¦¦.• '- "'••-.' =•¦•-. ..'
and Mrs. HanriaoC Saratoga." •': : { ¦'.'. ¦¦':¦¦'] r- i
vNThia.. JJterary. programme as arranged
di?alt.wltl> the subject -of wornein.'s-mis
siq-nary. : Avb.rk. '.'.. . .. •. ; ;; : ; :•:"."••: i '.•'.;'.¦¦ ¦¦. ,-. ¦¦• •;
Few ot the Mountain
Feudists.
¦ — »
X>enies in Toto Mucli of the Testi
mony cf Culson, Noakes and
Others for tlie Prose
cution.
?
GEORGETOWN. Ky., July 3L— The di
rect testimony of ex-Secretary of State
Caleb Powers as a witness in his own
behalf was concluded this afternoon ani
the cross-examination, which will take up
ii least all ot to-morrow, had progressed
only a short way when the court ad
journed.
While on the stand in the morning Pow
ers said that on the morning' of the as
sassination he was preparing to go to
Louisville to make ammgemenls for
bringing more people to Frankfort. He
locked nis office door as described by
WHness Gulden. He had no recoliectlon
of anything being saJd concerning his
previous actions, which Golden had rc
lerred to.
At 1-ag ranee the party heard that Goc
bel .•...¦: been assassinated and that the
shut iiad l>een lir«rd I'tom the second or
third story of the executive building. The
Witness continued:
'"1 said U was a shame and an outrage
and that It would blight the plans of all
cl us whose otiices were in contest. I ex
|irfsrd in> sentiments to other people
tl>ai day."
\\ ltuets said that the statement of Gol
den lhat he spoke derisively when told
Of the shooting wajs a-osoluteiy false. He
denied tha.t he had made a statement to
Gulden that he was satisfied the shots
canitr from his ottice and stated that he
oid not tell him that he was thinking of
going' to the commonwealth's attorney
to ttil all he knew. He cid have a. taJk
with ciovernor Bradley about going to
fcte Frar.klUi, but was advised against it
and did bOl go.
The witness denied that he had ever had
any one of a. half a. dozen or more con
versations with Wbartun tJolden. con
cenniig which the latter had testitlcd
last week, and denied . tnat he had ever
talked with him or anybody else about
the itiiling of tioebel or aJiy member of
the LegiMature. He denied also the tes
timony of a similar character given by
Robert Noakes.
Jn regard to the guns In his office, which
McKeiizie Todd. tiovernor Taylor's pri
vate secretary, referred to in his testi
mony. Powers said he did not know how
they came there, but understood that; one
or two of them were left ther* at the end
of Governor Bradley's administration. The
others were put In there later, he sup
jxjsed. by mountaineers.
He denied that he had mada • certain
statements to Miss Susie Snuffer of Wil
liamsburg 1 , or that he offered her any in
ducement to leave the State and not tes
tify aga.lnt=t him.
1 "I did s=ay to her." the witness contin
ued, "that 1 was surprised to tee her here,
as she had not been summoned. She said
they told her she had to come and that
t=h«> did not have money enough to leave
the State. I did offer to loan her some
money and she might have used this as
she taw Jit. I did not recall having; had
such a conversation with her as she
t-laimed. but I did not want her to testify
against me, and I had rather now that she
had not done so."
The witness told of a letter which he
had received from Robert Xoakes In
March. In the letter, he said, Noakes'of
fered his services as a witness, saying
that he would disprove the charges made
against witness by Wharton Golden,
¦whose confession was being given a great
attention by the newspapers at that time.
The direct examination being concluded
the croES-oxamination was commenced by
Colonel Campbell, wlio said to the wit
nfp?: "You have stated that the men you
brought to Frankfort. January 25, were
Rood citizens and did not contain any
mountain feudists. Do you know Joseph
A-ikins. who is reputed to have killed a
half doz^n men?"
The witness said h«" had no recollection
nf Boeing Atfkins in Frankfort until after
the assassination.
A dozen others of questionable charac
ter were als=o mentioned as being on the
train, but witness only identified a fow
of them. This line of interrogation was
still under way when the court adjourned.
POWERS' CROSS
EXAMINATION IS
NOW COMMENCED
Witness Admits Knowing a
HARVEST OF
THE REAPER IN
THE PHILIPPINES
MacArthur Sends a List for
Whom Taps Have Been -'h
Sounded.
All, Save One Who Was Murdered by
a Cornrcde, Succumbed to -.
the Ravag-es of Dis
ease. T;
?
WASHINGTON. July 31.— OeneraJ Mac-
Arthur reports the following casualties : :
MANILA, July 31. — Adjutant General. Wash
ington.—Following deaths have occurred since
last report:
Dysentery— July 23, Company M, Sixth Volun
teer Infantry. Harrjc Caldwell; Company ¦ K,
Twenty-first Infantry, Corporal William, I*.
Pierce; July U, Company D, Twenty-sixth In
fantry. John Haher; Company I, Eighteenth
Infantrj-. Dennis Condon; July 23, Company C.
Twelfth Infantry, J«rrj- Claypool; Company M,
Thirty-nlnih Volunteer Infantry, Wallace - Mc-
Ititosh; July \'i. Company li, Nineteenth In
lantry. Samuel H. Dillon; July 16, Company F.
Foitli-th Volunteer Infantry. Corporal Kred C.
Cloasoii: July 21, Company A, Twentieth In
fantry. Harry Jacobs; July "i. Company. L.
Thirtieth Volunteers, Joseph V.*. Martin; July
IS, Company K, Eighteenth Infantry, Wllllum
Pirkens; July 19. Company K, Twenty-sixth
Volunteer Infantrj', John W. Quinn; July 6.
ence E. Ward.
r>(orr!'»i TiiK- ?S fr.mnnnv P 1 P*nrtv. fifth
Diarrliea— July 15, Company F, Forty-fifth
Volunteer Infantry, Guy \V. Henderson. -
VarioJi — July IS. Comjiany K. Twenty-fourth
Infantry. L»-vi Williams: July 22. Company F,
TlJirtieth Volunteer Infantry, P7I*»a Kline: July
27. Company U. Twenty-nrst Infantry; Albert
C. Mercer.
Malarial fever— July 25, Company H. Thirty
fifth Volunteer Infantry. Plrot Berireant Ernest
Edelven; Company t). T-weltth Infantrj'. MubI-
clan M. M. Itoeder.
Abscess liver— July 24, Company M, Thirty
ninth Volunteer Infantry, Charles H. Murray;
Company D, Thirty-ninth Volunteer ! Infantry.
FTed Stevens. . . ¦ . r. .
Gasti'.s enteritis — June 5. Comtanjr-I, Forty
fifth Volunteer Infantry. Quarternaaster Ser-
E^ant Morton H. Cook. ./ •- ¦. .; . Y\
Peritonitis— July 25. Comrany E, Twenty-flr?t
Infantrj'. CorDoral E. Bolk. ' '• .'
Colltlre— July 16. Company A. Twenty-sixth
Volunteer Infantry, Claude Tabor. ¦ ' .: : :'•
Pro^vned— July. 20, Company A, Seventeenth
Infantry, Earl E. Guyton. •-..
Murdered by comrade— July 23. Company I,
Twenty-fifth Infantry. Shannon Profett.
Sprue — July 21. Company B. Thirtieth Volun
teer Infantry. Jam»s O. Driver.
Pneumonia— July U. Company H, Thtrty-flfth
Volunteer Infantry. William II. McN'amara,
LATEST CASUALTIES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. July 31.— General Mac-
Arthur has cabled the following casual
ties:
Wounded— July 11, Llpa. Luzon, Com
pany G. Thirty-eighth Infantry, Benjamin
F. Llllard. thigh, serious: Company E.
Thirty-eighth Infantry. Vernon A. Ad
ams, leg above knee, moderate. July 26,
Pangull. Luzon. Company L. Thirty-sov
enth Infantry, Sertrear.t Robert Maiiaffey
arm, slight; Company K. Thirty-seventh
Infantry, Edward M. Bagted. knee, seri
ous; Joseph F. Llewellyn, thigh, moder
ate. July 11, Lumbano. Panay. Company
G. Thirty-seventh Infantry, Edward C.
Stone, thigh, slight. I^ocuian. Mindanao.
Company C, Fortieth Infantry, Walter
Lawrence, back, slight; Joseph W. East
man, arm. serioi:s; Corporal Ross L. Pllls
l>ury. thigh, serious; First Sergeant Wal
ton C. Winkler. arm. serious.
LIEUTENANT SPURGIN
DIES IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON', July 31.— The War De
partment received the following- cable
gram from General MacArthur' to-day:
"MANILA, July 31.— Adjutant Genoral.
Washington; Died at C:30 this evening
July 29, David G. Spurgin, first lieutenant
of Twenty-first Infantry, result of shock
of a sureical operation. MacARTHUR."
lieutenant Spurgrln was born In Ohio
February 16. lfeb", and was a cadet in the
Military Academy from June, 1SS5, to
June, 1SS8. After graduation he was as
plpned to the Twenty-nrst Infantry. He
was engaged In the battle of San Juan
and in the operations against Santiago,
Cuba, whence he was ordered to the Phil
ippines, and served there until the date
of hi3 death. He was the son of Lieuten
ant Colonel \V. F. Spurjrln of the Six
teenth Infantry, who is on duty as Col
lector of Customs at Manila.
SEEK TO HAVE
HOYT RELEASED
FROM ASYLUM
Petition Askiag . the: j Court
to Set Free the Insane
Playwright.
keeping of His
•; . .; Ward.
Bond to. Insure the Safe-
Attorney fiolt Promises to Give a
I HARTFORD^ Cohn;i July tY.'—A. hearing
in the case of Charles T. Hoyt, the play
wright, who is conrtried in a., retreat for
the Insane here! ,wus held before Judge H.
B. Freeman lri : the; Probate Court to-day.
'The ; hearing; was brought about' by a pe
tition-presented by George H. Dickinson
of Atlanta, Oa.
Thomas Davis, the gardener at Mr.
Hoyt's place, was the first witness. He
had been present at the talk between Dr.
Hammond and Mr. Hoyt about coming- to
HaitHbrd. Mr, Hoyt refused point blank
to jro, but .later Dr. Hammond told Mr.
Hoyt that If he came to Hartford he
would not-' be: confined. ¦ , . •¦
John L. Sariborn 'testified ''. that he had
heard Hoyt refuse to come to Hartford.
Thomas ( H. King, i another Charlestown
citizen, stated that he was at the railroad
station on Monday when Mr., Hoyt lett.
He had heard. Dr. Hammond say In an
swer to a- question that Mr. ¦ Hovt was
"going- down for a flay, or twp."
Ueofge S. Bond, president of the bank
at Charlestown, stated that he had known
Hoyt since ho was G years old. Mr. Hoyt
had. a. beautiful place at Oharlestown, the
witness, said, -and the people of that town
will see that: he- will be propertly taken
enre of. ."." -\ ¦ . ' . - . : •• ¦
judge Fre.ejnan-.4ld- not-care -for anv
•more testimoii}- -bn % this point! "There" i*s
no QuesMbii- about :his: insanity,'* lie said'
"J know... he has a' erodd borho, but I um
not clear : that ; I • should allow an lnsan«
nian ;.td. be ..at- l&r&e without i proper
Kirardianl"- : •-.' :;. ..:•.--. '. • ¦ ' ••.¦ -. •¦ \
Lawyer, iroit- of- Claremon't. N.-H. who
was one of ttfe attbnieys In Charge of the
case, .promised, ttf. Make good care of .Mr,
HojJtj to make application to the Probate
Court for. th<t appointment of a suArdian.
andfoffered -to.givea- bonil for Mr. Iloyt'e
Etifekeeping. 'as re<julr«d by law;
Romantic -Stojy of James Norman . EHanwood, Who Was Kidnaped %y;\a
y:. Hz*tt=&teed, Meld Captive on a t ancherla and Finally ..jv
: : :i'-- :: --yfif^r ; ': ¦¦¦• Rescued by. a Kind-Hearted Mariner. '' : :r.
WHITE YOUTH IS HELD IN SLAVERY
FOR OVER THREE YEARS BY INDIANS
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1900.
McClure =Taken.otol Auijura.
" '€ II. McClure. ' alias Charles Howard,
ej^convict arid : saf ecnickeri ."who was ar«
rested Monday,- -was takep -.from, the City
Prison yesterday by. Sheriff ° Keerta of
Placer; County.; who left with: him in the
afternoon for Auburn." Tho police were
afraid that habeas corpus proceedings
would be Instituted for his release and
took the precaution to- get him away as
soon as possible. . . j , ,. ';
Mrs. : Mary : Lynch Missing.
'¦:¦ Mrs. 1 Ma ry: Lynch ot-.Mclrose, •Alameda
County. -aged : 70 years;: has beeri*mlss}ng
since" July IS- * She; was last seen at the
corner of Second' nxid Mission streets
rying" a bundle and followed = by s a"bla'ck
and-iah dog. Her husband. ° Thomas
Lynch, has- been hunting through tho city
for her. 'and- last nlgh.f made Inquiries at
the Morgue.. - ¦: » o „-'.• "-;..,•
John Donahue, a grQcer.,iat Twenty-flftti
and o Shotwetr°j5tre£ts; "swore to ,ia.-.'coiri'«
plaint In Judge Cabaniss^s cdurt yesterday
charging J. H; -Murray/- a coal dealer,' on
Twentieth street, with -forgery. . IJohahue
said that Murray, owed > him : $5 and- thai
Monday he caQed on = him? with' <a check
for $25, purporting to have been signed by
Frank" M. wflsori .of ¦ Wilson Bros' "At
Murray's r«nwe^f=Donah:Ue: gav«" him $20
and retained the <;heck. He later
that Frank °MC was; not connected
with Uros?.- ayd that the' signature
was ft' forgery.; s ¦•¦>;.;."
Accused of Forgery,
5
t\ rAXCOL-VER,,B:. C.; July 3i:—
v \/ James Norman Ellinwood. v.'ho:
;-¦" claims to be a nephew of a San
Francisco .physician of that
name, arrived here to-day from' the
north by the sloop Roma. He is about
IS years of age. Three years ago last
October the boy was practically kid
naped from Vancouver, whither he
had come in Fearch of work, and since
that time has been held captive by
Northern Indians. . •
The owner of the sloop Roma is Cap
tain Heina. and it was h,e who effected
the rescue of the boy from his Indian
captors. He had been on a cruise as
far north as Skeena liiver. On the
way down he met a party of Indian
fishermen who were on their way to
the Princess Royai cannery to fish.
His attention was attracted to the
youth, who was in an exceedingly tat
tered and woe-begone condition. '¦¦ The
boy said he wanted to get away from
the Indians, and climbed Into Heina's
sloop. The Indians threatened to shoot
Heina-, and one actually fired a shot
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦
after. ;him as he- railed away amid a
chorus of threats from the enraged Si
washes. ¦ Young Elinwood's story is as
follow*?:
"Three years ago laj?t October, in
Vancouver. I was. engaged by a half
breed :named Robertson to help in a
store and postoffice which he said he
kept at Hartley .Eay. 300 miles up the
coast. Before making the arrangement
I inquired of him what kind of a place
it was, and was told it was quite a
little town, with electric lights and
good car service. Reassured I engaged
with him and we both took passage
on the Fteamer Princess Louise. Ques
tioned by the steward I told where I
was s^oing and he advised me not to
land at Hartley Bay, as nobody lived
there but Indians. I took no heed of
the advice, but on the arrival of the
steamer at that place I went ashore
with Robertson and then ended my
communication with civilization. The
Indians burned all letters and my step
father in Winnipeg must think that I
am dead. On steamer days I was kept
In the hoi:se by the Indians. A stray
prespector called once in awhile whose
curiosity was satisfied by being t.ojd I
was Robertson's brother. This I
nied before his= face, more than once.
I was next quartered in the rancheria.
A young squaw was picked out by the
ciders of the community for my future
wife. liirt/ smoke, dried fish .and ooli
ch&n oil was my daily lot till the lat
ter part of May. this year, when the
Indians started for.the cannery, taking
me along. Several times in the native'
dances I was badly- Cruised by the
native doctors and the life was ter
rible." '*. : ; ,•
Dr. Joseph Ellinwood of this city,
when seen last- night, said that he
never had any nephew named James
Norman Ellinwood. "In fact," the
doctor added, "I have no nephew at
all whose present whereabouts I do
not know. None, of my nephews or
relatives has ever been within a thou
sand miles of the place where this
young- man was found."
&he &aifs pead
aOl«l««B«l0BBOO8fiBOiat«IOB
a ¦ •
.!• . - . J*2% °'j£° Q °
¦ I: Hnita Cream . • |
B Is a curcjor all disco!orition?iof the a
5 skin. I It. dees not contain a single •
q ingredient thaf° o can possibly harm ©
O, the most, ddicate skin. It litera'ly M
J coaxes a new. transparent •
u skin to the surface, thus removing ©
• all blemishes. a
'"9 ' to
q, o Fuji Information and a sample will g
O be sent for 2c postage. Anita Cream •
¦ & Toilet: Co.. 207* Franklin St.. Los a
• Angeles.Cal. ° : •
¦tItlfB»B«B«It«l«B«B0a«|«|
. fTHE EMPORIUM. ,| , = O THE EMPOBITJM. ' | • THE EMPORIUM. i^jt THE EMPORIUM.
\ Attractive- Offerings for wPednesbay.i
H :¦¦ -. -. ...:.'¦. "¦ . ' ¦**'? „ ' - .- 1 ' ••• ¦ ' •' I ' -'• . :\ : :'>;'" '¦'. ; ••*"";* '•'.-'' \'£
-''\\. ¦. -The- bcuutif ul statue, ?'Gahfos*nia VeftUS," now on free exhibition in Attraction Hall — Second Floor. : $
I : }50a Plaids S8e. *PPjiy§|§£ li^il BrusS * Binding 5c, |
J» ••havaasmal! lot ]bf abou; 500 yards of 33- • K^f • E?f ?M f.*™ ° f *^° y f rd * of ra ' h '?'*** ;$
% inch all-xool plaida in a hr K e variety of,. ' fM $**~L. -' J^T * 4O| . Y S! nS ™ e "MW lj x
*» patterns and color combination he gray, ' 5!^** '^L^^F>^-!?t^'eP > -bT^ a^BSK 1^ ***l incbej wide, black and all the desirable •**
5 ;r^r a irr^aTi"y-^^^ GRANDEST STORE -aTt^speci.TsTe^rice./Z"! 5C J?
*•! eniy, per yard 3&C ' : ' : "- ' . • ¦ = • .' • ' • .^
V ; One of the most popular wasVfabrics for % '¦ SCh °° l b °° kS S ° ld " l qiUttti&S CT to dCllCTS. J
r» ladies' outing suits an i chi.dren's waists and Thn^c iii.if -m'r/> Ai&fc • : R»gu- Ou- _-«-^s - ¦ "2
&' dresses— on special gale to-day on'y, m0% '¦¦¦:¦ /fi^}\ larlr. Price. t^SraA X
% per yard ..: "... B^G $10, \ $12.50 (\ First Render 2^c Wc\B$ffl\ £
*¦ -»'•-¦ '¦:-*°: 9 *' NllVy Thru R^dcr 50c 37C VS^^\ £
£ GiFQlSerieS. An a£Sorled lot of al! - --/AU^A ¦ Fourth Reader 63c 45c Vip^t^S *
i ' lM>Ji,fitiiu'*T.r*it <h*rini r ¦„¦„-,;.,? woo! Tailor Dres?es, ///p-,. Ay Primary NismbfJt* Lcsson.2'c 16o *^\mi?7% %
» Wednesday s U) eat Special Bargains. naV7 . b - ue and ' pretlv V/j ' ::\\j. Lesson of Language 30c 2Oc \^l i\ 5
» Sait—o>\b sack best Dairy Kitchen S iit.. „--„„ h rn n.. na " v,j \\VVi Elementary Guofjraphy. X>0c 41c \ \ -"" r "5
t .../ffc R • ,,- br °\ ns ' \\7 Natural Music Prlmor.Zx 29c \A§>4v '?
tf Pork and Boans-Libby, McNei & every one all wool, fire j \\\ Eggloston first Ameri- ] '\\ h
*» LrbyV. ful 3 ibean — to-day ;....fOc q-ja'itie*, Dearly a'l J u\ «;^*» isSory SOo \ *5
§> Eaoan— Finest E »stern sugar cured, i hin sizes, were $10, ?12.50 I Jft \ Advanced Arithmetic 50c 35s ( v\^>Jv« %
ii stiips with lean streak-rer !b.. .:.... 14 2 ai ,A t-r rn : j._' nn u I /y\v\ State Spvlfcr 30c 20o \ ,Wa 4J? 'f
Assorted &'Oips-v: n Camp's-io- ii. >lJL y '" >\/^\\\A English Grs mm yr 55c 40c / viwK *
5. Jay. 3 cms for..... ..:... .25c $Oi °S f\v Vi^i Aavan od Goagrnjih /...i\.2) 83c f \^?=J§L «
tS Rolled Gals— Btst Eastern— 1 ) ibs second Fioor-Frcnt. s. Ju \ Natural Music Reader — 4)c 34o P rv^tl 2*
a." for 25c , ~~ — "~" >-^^ >^ Vertical Wr.ting Blank.. 10c 6c U] «J
5 Breakfast Cocoa— Miner's pare •-^s, Prang'r. Elementary \ \}\^^&*&^ \
H solub e J- b tins .......:...£!Os K -"^ Mnf&ltfS* Course in Art — xi-^ 5^ \g
X t ClarotlO ieajj— Fairb.nks-tj-aiv, . V Va 1 to r> for J2a 6to8for f6o -J
§ Sbirs ...25q . -/fi({w) &bB:2& Webster's School Dictionary, cloth bound; regularly 10c 5o ~
A » Main Floor-Rear. K^»''-^-\ &$$Gm •*»
| -~7Z — y^- C \)^ Those ihat were 75 c &&V& <&M &afooOi SUB9j9flGS* |
* Mn ~ „«»«. «? k v#«- * „ , ft? 4 S F An as3Orra - ; «>t of Infants* Pencil Boxes— With lock and key. con Ink Tab'ets......... 5c,l0c,15o *
* Giare^pm p pure ani *cl . | j | 'j |\ ' 3 d and emSrot Sr.'e S ate:-/^ m:asur«nnts: 3'ate Pencil, per 100 : Wo g
£ - 1g i to--1ny, per ca^on ¦••¦.27c I \ | : J \ dered, re K .ilarlv- 75c, 5x7 5^' 7x11 11c Pen Holders, dozen 53 .«
.*,' Kentucky ttcttrbon Whinny— V\ $ Ik \'c\\ spec i, to % y on - y ._[ Gx9 3c 9x13 14o Student's Note B.oks 5c, tOc 5
tu^^^ ay ' VerS$9 ~ M&iJcP-: 48G ' Brownie Lun,hB,x 3 ,...3c,7 C ,/Oc|B!otter ? ,dc Z , n ...,.....,........« So J
% : ' i : . " ¦ ' ; ¦„ 400-pige Penci Tab ? ets 2c [ 230-page B!ank Book ...10c "5
«f 7 -:--"' ¦ : ~~~ — — j*
0 ,A Fr^e WatGfs With I; 0$ Embroidery FioisnGiBig—H&if |
1 Ew©ry &®h®o$ Suit?, i esk^TO Price. , |
$ So many boys were, out of town on th-irvacation last j Charming Cambric, Nainsook and. Swiss Flouncing scalloped edges J|
tf ,,, n j.^,,ja ft > j.i' i ¦ ¦ /gfti^la hemstitchod with embroitiery anl lace r?ert:on, in one, two and three rows, .«
ft week, and .he parents of SO many Other boys were : . /£%* fU itab • f A laJies' or children'^ dresses; nguUr prices from Syc to $;.oo p*r .J
6 = not reviy to take advanta-p-of ' ou- cff.r of a Fr-e Watch with • f(fc \ \^W • special sale to-day W.dnesday) only at Half Price. '5
¦.»;•¦ •.," every School Suit .bought here, that we defeririin?d to continua J ! llr 4 /* " - «
•¦jf"-"- the offering for one week longer'., We havo secured several hnri- \ W' J& ,(7SwSl fl^o* fGgSS*$aSnintS«5 ftc \ La**t* •*
tf :* : dred nore watches- go =d nickel-plated open-faced Am 2 rican ¦ . : BOG.UBSj SatninyS f 8 ti, '^r^^ J mUG^ *
* timekeepers— that w? guarant^-e for one year, and will prasont V ' <~L PRINTED CURTAIN SWISS 35 inch*?? Mljf! SC38*mS, "3
jf . on^> wirh every School Suit cold until closing time S.tur Jay, night.' ¦"'• • I- • * widd, pretty flir de ii* de.-ign and 'f^Uff y OOn J€
*»' ; A l-w.o! Two-piece S »its. about 8 » style? ...2.....$2'45tO$7,5Q lappet ground. Ato variety of color- ; W ii t _ "*' t "^ '%
A i-woa! Taree-piece Suits. 2G styl-«." . : ...... !' C 3 95 to SW.O3 inj'* on whitf eronn'i. nnd abont 6.0 / % / R??u'ar il.'JO, 73c and .J
*' ' Z ' i ' Boy5 ' L ' )n '- P nU Sui ' s a "f >out 2) aiy\es'.'.W$4.&5 tO$Ja.OG yards - f 3j IN. H MADRAS, ecrn and ,/ !, T0c Brussels N it Lace ••
*^ : • Ft " t Alsl.e— Blirht or Entrance: • . \ .'.: '¦•. f . nile g onnds, f r 8a*b i r «ri?. ow cur- Ij : fr I , w | , Scarfs, 2 j arda o ig. «j
fc" \^^l -'' ' ' ' ' •-"¦"•"' ' ' * ' '— ¦'¦ • : - ¦• tains, ramtel dr.ipes, transoirs etc; y ))£ in an asronmen; of X
'£ V^Bji S&5& Of L&&§i&&* Sfa<®&& safe\" 1 d,y°onlv: d I°. a . !?!"!; f lC\ Uij (i\ Jffer/dl«SLy"widn"- $
X U~tf^&dlr*i . . ¦. - JyiN' JE&I day, oily, while quan- ."«
|| W\ ''^-^Gpntinifes'JM^WIdek. sailor Hat*, 25c. -m, |
'$ ; ¥W^ : " ?' most^JmpSrtarit-Sh^e-Sale^ever held A 7mbf i^lSS^ Jd^hL 5
g- *%^^®W In thousands of pairs of new, pie S raw L3die«"i/ 5 'lfcFjW$\ '?
sty.lishsho.es, ja*t from tie fee jo'ry-r-jip broken; iiz23. no odd S ii!ors. a 1 perfect y \. J J5pfl <?nr?*Zit?<3 £Qf* X
*£ %X< ffl^ lots eleven latest; stv lei' in a i.sizjs, made! fnrKingman & blocked, colorsW^^vJ i** 1511 «f J C " M^ «*»**•* %
ftr Mir ' Irk. V/S Fox, who retireil from. biiiinesa b;fbre shpes were c«m>tetel, am white, black, blue pThe»e were oir facing ncmber at $1.15.
J»" • f JM^/'- \ '•'' so!d by the manifacturerrs tO'tha'-Erapcriom at 65c on and red; were 5 c, '*% M heavy White Crochet Spreads
* \ \Sffy& the $1.00* . ;¦•),• •'.. ¦ '• ••:;.,. - r ' ; ,, 75c, U and |1.25— V% -^ if p I 78x81 inches, in fr->tiy Marseilles pat- jf
$ JS^£ X~*U* ' 2 - 50 Shoes • ¦ • -$1-69 .' : $£50 Shoeis . . : \ $2.37 r v ec '" 1 to -'' *pcs~ VV K^M I tern3 - re . a ''y h f m ™ A x T1 \ d? fcr use: '5
I'^^mt^ ?3 .Q3 Shoes.. %1.S3 ?<0ftS5S|^SSJ °rto7 2& ° -I 1%'^l'SSS^S. SSc |
ft" : ¦ ¦••¦¦.• ':: -!¦ ' '¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦' ¦-¦-¦' '-¦ " - :..•¦' j :•;•'¦ •:'••:.¦¦•::• M' :-'¦'¦ ' ' . , " X
': We .buy' trunks by* the carload. ; That's
fwhy . we . sell -good - trunks at reasonable
•prices. . Suit cases, valises.' traveling t«g3.
cdin purses and .pocketbooks In our Lea-
ther Goods Department. . Sahborn;-Va!l &
Co., "741 Market street . . •If you cross a stick across a stick,
. Or, cross a -stick across a stick,-
a cross across. a cross,:
Or; cross a cross across a stick, v
! Or cjoss a cros3 across a cress,
Or cross a crossed stick across a stick.
Or.* stick a crossed stick across a stick.
.Or stick a crossed stick across a crossed
stick, - ¦• '-- =-. : --. ¦ ¦ = . »
Or cross a crossed stick across a cross.
Or cross a cross across aicrossed stick,'
.Would ; this; be an acrostic?^ . - :
READ THIS ALOUD.
READ THIS ALOUD.
Sprne .Vnterprisingfcitizen,' evidently .inspired :by 'a
grudge against .the city, has. rnid'ea'unt^e^^ucst to
the Board- of : Supervisors 0 . ; .Hej-wantS; ; to {jack - :
rabbits with .a 'shotgun ..within^city.iimitsjahd seems
to have no' '= thought >-of the ' distressing-'reputatibh
which liis request wjl'give us among. Eastern cities.;'
Those uiembers of. -the State . Board of Health" who
consider that their public acts are xipt in any sense the.:
concern of the public should betaughtiri some .way
that some men' are'endbwed solely to : enjoy, the bless
ings of private life. * : ' . * ;.;": ; :; ! .'¦'{.. \l ¦"•'• '¦•"•" ¦ ; ';'¦- '. ¦)':';.
A: GRflND 'JURY DUTY.
e.NCE-rnore \ye "remind; the Grand. Jury of the
duty- it : has! to, . p erJorin , in ,: regard to China-,
: loyen. ' ". Nq •matter . hovv.: many; -nor - how^ im
pbrtarit. and .-pressing, he." the. other investigations "in
which: it' is engaged they Fillncxtafford an' excuse for
overlooking .the violations in Chinatown- of the'sanl
tary!brjjinancesof the city.Vv ; •;' -, f . . ° " -.¦.' •.;•
r. .By reason of ;jhe "impunity; permitted to the "owners
of .Chinatown property irii maihtaimng their /premiSei"
in a foul-. and" -unhealthy; condition 'there" has 'been
brought, upon San'= Francisco- . a plague scare Sand -;a
quarantine ' which, taken j together, '.have 'caused : an
iiuniense . loss, tb; business' of all-kinds. jThat eviJHs
riot Altogether a" .tbing of 'the past.; . Some , of the bad
iffects.r'em'ain,- and there aisp r.emains : the .danger -that
if .the .same /conditions' continue in ¦ -Chinatown ttherc
•MUST; SERVE^-Anxious ° Subscriber.
City:' If. a ¦. German" boy = of: 19 who never
served" in • the • German army goes to the
TJnited. States, becomes a .citizen thereof
end . after twelve years' absence from his
native place returns there, he is liable for
military services"-, The United States does
Highest rank— ii, M. ¦ J., Bisbee,
lArlz. The highest: rank fin the .United
States s army is general," next comes lleu-
Jenant' general. -TJie rank " of general is
Specially; created by Congress for, soldiers
whom it is.desired to liorior. Those who
have held that .rank have been George
"Washington. U: . S.=. Grant. .William • T.
Sherman- and Phil H. Sheridan. \ ~~ \ : : -
: AGRICULTURE-A.,S..arvlngton, Cal;
It.is ten years since there have been any
accurate figures -which show the propor
tion otthose engaged in -agriculture i to
those engaged in c other .industries, v The
recent-census will develop that, and until
the figures are .given out it is impossible
to give - an •= -answer to »the question,- as
there has been a great increase in popula
tion = in that period!; • .\ , -¦¦ '¦.¦'¦- °
COINS AND COIN BOOKS— Subscriber,
Berkeley, Cal. A dime of 1S39 does not
command a premium. This department
does: not advertise dealers. in. coin nor
dealers in coin books. If the correspond
ent had sent a self-addressed and stamped
envelope the address' : of : such . dealers
would have been sent him.
"THE BARONESS OF NEW YORK"-
A correspondent is; anxious to know the
name of a poem founded on a toast pro
gosed at a gathering and entitled "The
aroness of New .York." Can -any of ¦the
readers of this department oblige by fur
nishing the name? K.
THE PASSION PLAY— A.' B., City. The
Passion Play by means of moving pictures
was presented in this city within six
weeks and a lecture was given in expla
nation of the pictures.
BROOKLYN EAGLE— A. M., City. It Is
said that the most popular paper pub
lished in Brooklyn. N. Y., is the Eagle. \
NO PREMIUM-S., Mount Eden, Cal.
No premium is offered for, a $5 piece of
18U. . . '
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
¦: The Bar Association; should get its; gun- loaded Yor
"ban"; 'There is no close season and there is" plenty
of '£anie>.8igH •'¦¦":••'"¦./ " : '"-: ! " ! .".- '•' A~
'A William -Jennings Bryan ; positively denies that °he
was -hit. the other day by a golf ball. ' -He is-looking
for something '.more* serious 'in' the nature .ot a stroke
of political lightning;; °y.-*j~> &¦?.-*¦'$ -,°.Xy °A ""•:: -¦'.¦-'. ¦'[
:" The fate, of King Humbert is a notice, to the sov-,
ereigns of ;Europe that they, may as I well go to Paris
to see the exposition if they wish. It js just about as
safe for them there as it is for. them to. : stay at home.
And even now. Cuba is coquetting vyith the goddess
pf liberty. • The. island patriots, after, experiencing
some- of • 6ur; methods, : are -not altogether sure that
they want tq imitate them on/their own responsibility.
In the destruction, of the Stratton primary law. the
plug-uglies of politics see an. opportunity -to resume
their old game of intimidation. .Decent citizens should
be more than ever determined to .. make . decency
supreme. ;•¦ ; ,:;,./,. ="-.. " ~[ ''¦ 'A-''-' . ' .-A. •„
' Special Commissioner Rockhill, who '_ will report
Chinese conditions for President \McKinley, is. evi
dently determined not to attempt any social relations
with the Boxers: He says his investigations; will be
conducted from Shanghai. ' "" . <% -
If the electric branches of the Market-street Rail
way Company continue to claim human lives in '.ex
change for municipal favor it might be wise for. the
authorities to make every car of the -company fly a
flag' with" a death's head for a signal. - ;¦; ' .<;•
The Chinese Six Companies say, in an- address to
the public, that there are no Tartars in America. The
Six: Companies may speak in all sincerity, but they
might have told us the name, of the particular breed
of which the highbinder is an adornment.
. WASHINGTON, July 31.— Bernard Gal
lagher ' of San Francisco . is at the St.
James, ¦•• : •-
CAXIFORNIAilS IN WASHINGTON
;It is evident that Kaiser William ought either to keep
his ' mouth shut when he feels; a; warlike swelling in
the head or else he should increase the pbvyers arid
the salary of the fellows who run the press censor
ship.: A few more speeches like the. last one will ruin
his reputation as a Christian war lord. • . ..: .
It now appears that the reason why the allied fqrecs
of .': Christendom have; not started on /the: march •'•¦.?q.
Peking is that the. British and the Russians could not
agree as tb: which should control .the : railroad." Evi
dently ¦Christian harmony is not. incompatible with: a
large amount of suspicion that sortie of the Christians
are riot to be trusted cut of sight. ; V; .A ..- ; ¦ :; ';
•WHANGHOAV, July, 25.— Prince Bug
Hous has- received a messagefrom Peking
saying. that on last Tuesday the Empress
carried "a hamper of club sandwiches to
the legations and collected .their laundry,
which she is having done at her own ex
pense. The Emperor is also said to have
taken -poison and 5 shot ; himself through
the heart at-a late hour last night. This
was not his regular day to die, but he paid
he was anxious to attend to some other
matters' later on In the week.— Baltimore
American, v ; ; , °
PEKING, July 25.— Emperor -Kwang Hsu
announces that there will be no messages
sent out by the Ministers, to-day, as the
individual who has been writing them is
indisposed. ¦
NANKING, July 25.— Prince Tuan has
twenty millipn troops massed in the base
ball park awaiting orders.,
TIENTSIN. July 23.— LI Hung Chang
declined to assign any reason for his trip
to Peking, saying that he was tired think
ing up excuses and that hereafter the
public could choose any one of the reasons
he has heretofore assigned, and he would
stand by it for the next ten hours.
UMSCADOOSKI, Siberia, July 25.— A
Chinese spy was discovered In the Russian
fort here to-day. He was betrayed by h!3
own efforts to shout. "Hurrah for Genoral
Shootemsoqulckavitschiskl," his parox
ysms being painful to see. Because of
this fact the general has memorialized the
Czar asking that his name be added to the
armament of Russia.
PEKING;. July 20 (delayed:in transmis
sion).— The' Empress thi3 afternoon or
dered the troops to cease bombarding the
legations for one hour, during which time
she entertained the besieged with a pink
tea. The Tsung li Yamen has issued an
edict based on this act, showing that the
foreigners have nothing to fear.
GHEFU,: July 25.— A Chinese runner
from Peking says" that the. .imperial
troops have struck for back pay. and that
the weekly massacre: has been postponed
for. that reason. • ••.•¦¦ : "• -.-'¦ • V.. ¦
SHANGHAI, July 23-Prince'VVun Big
El this morning: received a message from
Viceroy Fib Sum What stating that the
Boxers have burned Peking and compelled
the Emperor of China to swallow brie of
his proclamations. ;: The Emperor expired
•in great: agqnyr- ¦' •' ¦.¦¦.¦. • . ¦' . -,, • ;,'¦ - ! ¦ ; ¦" ¦ ¦• ; I: '
PEKING; July 2&.r^Empress . Tsi Ann is
said to hkve stopped . at ;: the legations
while riding her bicycle this morning, ; It
is evident that the legatloners were; safe,
as she had her tires pumped up there.
Are: Not^Very [ Different; From
V ;^the Reai;Variety v : ; : >
BULLETINS; FROM CKINfl.
Some Grapevine OMspatcnes; Which
JOSEPHINE'S LAST ;WORDS-E. AW.
Gi'; City. • It was Josephine of France who
saldt; ¦ "r shall die regretted: v I have aU
ways desired the happiness of France. I
did all in; my power ¦¦"¦to contribute toit. I
can pay with truth that the first wife of
Napoleon: never Caused a tear; to flow.
It: is :wTltten i.that these were ;hes? last
words;-- . .: :;v:.-.-: '¦' r-A-'AW- : '¦¦¦¦¦ ¦:¦¦' :}AA/ : '-i<A'i
not protect its adopted citizens in the
matter of an obligation they owe to the
country of their birth and which. was not
paid .prior to becoming citizens. . By cour
tesy to the United States the German
Government, in time of peace, permits
such adopted citizen to visit German terri
tory without penalty of military service
during a period of four months.^ If the
visitor overstays that time he is liable to
arrest arid service in the army. : : ; :
H. C. BushV general. agent of the freight
department of the Santa Fe Company,
severed {his connection "with that corpora
tion yesterday -arid assumed \the general
management of the Colorado Midland
Railroad, with offices in this City. : His
retirement from Santa Fe circles Is, atn
cerely regretted by his associates. . .
Coroner Cole ; left '¦; "yesterday : afternoon
f or ai brief vacation .' on j his. Calistoga
ranch.. He has entirely . recovered from
his recent attack of sickness. ¦ -AA'y. ¦ '¦.
¦;yj,vB-;."WtiHe of ;tte^nit^..;stat«»iJ5Lrttty ;
arrived from^Cuba. last night on his way
to China. Ho Is registered ; at the Palace.
¦ : : W ; ¦ A^ McNaniara; V--aV. prbrninent. mer
chant, of Eurekai Humboldt ¦ Cbuht^^ is in
town..': ¦.;.¦ ¦;,¦¦¦¦¦:.;¦¦. ;; v ; •¦-¦;>. - :; :-'. :¦¦••"• -.¦¦".*:-. ;; ; :-^-:;
; : W;'Vp.' Lynch,: a . prominent mining man
of Oroviile,' is at the Uck. 1 ."'_':.
; - E/ W; Alien- ;:a big 'fruit grower of San
Jpse^.rs regist9roa at the Lick. ;.'¦;•¦ .: .-.;,;
¦Hijiv' ?• : :l«- : '- Bond ,-. ; a . prprhlnent - physician
6f jUkinhi, is. roistered at; the Lick.: ¦ :.; i;;'
Abe Marks, one of "Ukiah's .well-known
rnerchants.:is;a. guest; at the Lick.; \;AA : r
. Goionel;j: II.; : Calef,;U, S.; A.. ; and wife
are ; registered ,at : the;.Qc'cldental., ¦ A -^; •;-;;.
; ;: J.:^Park;iC;Hatinirig,-;a- mining; ;man" of;
New Yorki :is.:at;the Pal£ice.'; : : ;:- "\j-:~A~ • v.; ; V
..T. MV. Pattorsoni abanker of Fresno,. is
a guest at the Lick. .,-*¦ *
:-j:C.IIudner, a well-knowa attorney of
Fresno^. Jsat the Lick.: :\ :¦¦ ¦ • .";..' ¦; v \;. : :..v'
PERSONAL MENTION.
There are some interesting: French sub
jects 1n Mr." Robinson's studio, the. pans
at St. Cloud, the. Luxembourg andsoma
portrs^ts. notably one of the painter, of
very -subtle and delicate handling. J From
a balcony at Naples and some Calif oraian
subjects are abo interesting. • ' . ,
Mr. Robinson Is a native of Nova Scotia,
educated in hi3 art partly in Boston,
partly in the art schools of Paris, but
more particularly through independent
study during a delightful -artistic vaga
bondage which took in all the principal
French and Italian galleries. The youns
student — he is now but 23— found the man
nerisms, conventions and traditions of the
Parisian art schools but little to his lik
ing, and his sojourn among them was of
the briefest. Hut though he declined to
i permit the conventional and mediocre
methods of tho schools to affect his indi
viduality as an artist. It is very evident
from his work that Mr. Robinson was
powerfully influenced by the , Whistler
movement In Paris.
In the "Portrait of a Young Man" ex
hibited in the Salon du Champs de Mars
of 1SB0. the first picture by Mr. Robinson
to attract tho attention of critics.. tb«
I Whistler influence is noticeably apparent.
t It is still more in evidence in other work
of his— tr.e reach after an absolutv sim
plicity oi treatment, after the elusive,
poetic, forbiiMen mysteries of tone, an ut
termost synthesis in effect— in contradis
tinction to the detailed and garrulous m
art.
About such work It Is difficult to proph
esy the end. That Mr. Robinson has not
attained his ultimate method of expres
sion I? apparent, but with his earnestness
absolute sincerity and utter avofilance of
the effective slang of painters bo much tii
evidence to-day the final result should be
well worth while.
As a reversal of th* usual order of
things,. it is pleasant to announce in the
coming of Boardman Michael Robinson.- to
California the. domiciling of a new artist
in our midst.
.Helen Hyde sends over from Japan a
pretty proof of the best drawing that w«
have yet seen of hers-— "A Japanese Ma
donna," It has been reproduced by tha
foremost woodcutter in Japan, and shows
most perceptibly and happily the influ
ence of the art of the country Upon, illsa
Hyde's work. ¦ .'¦¦¦,;- . ¦•¦-.:•:.¦. '-¦ • •_
Gertrude Partington has left Philadel
phia, where she has been staying for some
months, for. Paris. Miss Partington, in
conjunction with Alice Rlx. has been en
gaged by Richard Glider of the Century
Magazine to (Jo work for the magazln*
while in Paris. ¦• • '.
;...; VThe forge". . la. a fascinating . drawing:,
very broadly, treated and. of an airy sug
gest Iveqcss very; characteristic of . Whis
tler's earlier etching. :.: It: shows, all : the
artist's easy mastery of line, and In tho
left .half at .least r vhls -strong : sense .; of
values. ,-¦' The figure; at the forge Is a won
derful piece; of Ughtihg.. "The Fiddler,"
a _ finished head: on a roughljr suggested
figurer- Is also most . Interesting. .The deli
cate finish ; of. the face and head — sus? ;es t-
Ing Rembrandt— and the v broad lines of
the rest make ah lnterestlnir combination.
HERE are two Whls tiers In town
Tthls week— etchings :both-— "The
Forge" and "The vFWdler.'* ; Tho
date of the former (1S66) Is? a. sad.
small reminder : oi : the ;; passing ¦ of
great days. TVhlstler, the perennial
ly young 1 , the greatest craftsnjan: of
this century, must be becoming an old
roan now. . What an lncoiigruou* combina
tion—Jimmy.-. McXelli AVhtatler and: .the
lean and quiet habit of tbe ; septuagena-.
rian V-'i '¦¦¦¦: - V A A. :.. :v: -.A v : 'V;:^'::.-^'.-;^ \-:i^:. :'.;
ART AND ARTISTS;
¦•The Call has had occasion so frequently to publish
letters commending the "studies" from men [ and
women eminent in intellectual .life that; the value -of
the praise given in the Academy article is due mainly
to the fact that it .shows how wide has become the
interest in the subject and howmuch attention it is
attracting from thoughtful persons of all classes.- It
is satisfactory to be able to bear witness that the in
terest is general among the people of California, and
that those who have followed the various courses of
study are among the most earnest in commending
their. educational value. •• , •". = i ' ' .• -
'.'One of the most encouraging signs in the journal
ism of the day. is the excellence and apparent success
bf ; the. 'Home Study Circle,' conducted by Professor
Seymour Eaton of Drexel Institute. The studies are
written by. specialists, among whom are many college
men. The subjects are numerous and interesting, in
cluding literature, science, history," biography, art,
government, political economy and industry. The
educational value of this movement ought to be very,
great."' v ¦ ;>= ,"- ¦'¦-%''-''"' : . .•
Within certain lines every intelligent- person must
hold: in high esteem the judgments of such men as
conduct the "Annals of the Academy,"/ : They may not
be qualified to speak with authority concerning what
isnews, :and how.it should be treated; but upon mat
ters of culture and questions of education; their de
cisions are among the highest and surest : that- can
be obtained in this country. We are, therefore, well
pleased that the papers of . "Our Home Study. Circle",
have attracted the -attention of the thoughtful class
of ; meh and ¦. have won -.their commendation. In the;
"Annals of the American Academy" for July, one of
the most, important •contributions is an article on "The
American; Newspaper," in the course pf: which the
writersays: •. .. ' ... .••••.. ¦ -. •¦•
A NOTEWORTHY COMMENDATION.
V 7ERY rarely do the learned scholarswhocontrib
\f' 7 ute the' papers to the "Annals of the American
• Academy"; condescend to take note of what is
going on in the domain of journalism; and when they
do it is generally for the purpose of condemning, ; or
at least of disapproving, the methods that, prevail in
the work of the daily press. The swiftness with which
the news of the world is gathered, digested and pub
lished docs not commend itself to men who take a
week'to investigate the ¦slightest; subject and a month
to write out a report of it in what; they; regard, as
proper^literary form. ;Still there are times Avheh they
notice in the press something of sufficient value: ih
itself! to be studied for information, or ' of '" sufficient,
excellence and expression to be; accounted literature,
and then it is: gratifying to note: they do not hesitate
to give a voice of approval as .strong and emphatic as
is the common voice of adverse criticism. . • ;
From * such.; expressions.' the . inembets ; qf Vthe • Bar
h^^^^f^^p^At^wt^ai of. public .sentiment
In fact; the issue 'isvin the slang of the day, ."iip to. the
association;?' • ¦ There tre -many . members, ".'of^ ../the .bar;
Who arc. P^ud i of ."-.-their^•'personalihtegrity an^ their:
professional honor. ' Why. sjho'tild .they n<)t take ;an
¦equal pride ;ihJthejr:as|oeiaiipri?:;/W.hy.'do they toler
ate, as brcthrcri of the bar rascals who are only fit -for
the companionship of felons?. .\ ° :. ; i ;\; . : .A AS- .. ,¦"_ . ¦
¦ "No remedy can be applied that does not begin with
a purification of .the bar. It is a purification. that must
come from within. -Unless the : San FranciscoYBaf
Association applies stern discipline to attorneys ert
gafjing in this line of practice the evil will go on
unchecked. The cancer that is sapping the moral fiber
cf the legal profession will spread till the bench itself
i* corrupted and "the* whole admliiistration of justice
polluted." •;.'•'; .¦''-¦ ¦•*.•.•;-¦:¦-•" c '°" ° ¦ .' ••••¦.".-' • '•
The Oakland Tribune Vis among; those: now en
gaged in an effort to trouse the Bar Association to a
sense of its responsibility. It has pointed; but the
gross evils' that exist, and ; have? long existed' in' the
practices of the probate courts, and that an immediate
and thorough reform is necessary for the protection
of the p-ublic from "legal sharks." Commenting upon
the means of effecting the reform- it says: :••. •'¦ •. ; .
By reason of the rapid growth of ptiblic sentiment
demanding a campaign of reform on the part of the
bar, The Call is no longer the only paper -.to. sup
port it." ; .¦.¦.'¦ •. : i *'.'¦>¦ /:--;-': :'-'¦¦' -;'*•: i '¦¦ '
Public sentiment on this phase of the probate scan
dals is spreading in extent and increasing in intensity.
There is a rising popular demand that the Bar Asso
ciation drive out of the profession the rascals who
are using the privileges of.' an attorney • tp ¦ defraud
clients, make a mockery of the courts ¦.-.arid rob the
estates of the dead. \ The attention of the intelligent
classes of the community is not confined %yholly to
what is being done by the Grand Jury in the Sullivan
estate case. It is watching the Bar Association and
waiting to fee whatvis to be dorie by that bo.dy^a
body claiming to represent the. honor and dignity of
the profession of the lawC; ••/'•:•: A.'_ • .- - ¦;: • ¦:¦¦¦. .. -' .-... ••
. T1k>c qr.estions arc pertinent to the issue presented
by the facts expo-ed by The Call and confirmed by
the confession of Chretien snd the evasions of Rog
er?. It behooves the Bar Association to attend to
tlx-ni. If the inembcrs of the association do not be
litxe they can with impunity shirk their duties in thi
jsiatttr; if they do r.ot believe they can hold the
esteem of the public while doing nothing to disbnr
dishonest attorneys: if they do not believe that many
of them wll fall under suspicion of sanctioning prac
tices they refuse to punish; if they do not believe :the
people to be utterly indifferent and contemptuous
toward whatever the association uoes or leaves un
done—then they are acting after the manner of fools
or cowards who knowing what is right refuse to fol
low .It, either because they are afraid to do so; :6r
because in their folly they deem it a better pblicy to
tolerate a wrong than to fight it. :¦ ; -' : ; ; /::;. : ;.?7 v -. : :- -:c- .'::'¦¦'¦¦
DO the members of tbe Bar Association believe
tljey can shirk the duties imposed upon them
i>y the exposure The Call has made of the
!!».u(iv.:^:H practices of certain attorneys in the con
>p:raiy to get • iio«.-c-<ion of the estate of Joseph Sul
livan? Do'tfccy believe they 'can hold the esteem, oi
the public if they take no steps to disbar the attorneys
whoVe suilt has been proven, and to investigatethe
conduct -of others who are under suspicion?; Do they
believe they can give 16; such practices by members of
the bar the approval of silence, without falling them
¦'selye* ur.der suspicion of indulging in practices hardly
niuch btiTtr? Do they believe the people are indiffer
ent to what the association may do in the matter? ;
QUESTICNS FOR THE BflR.
THERE was probably no European more qualified to ex
press ah Opinion of the- Chinese than Colonel Gordon,
more commonly called Chinese Gordon, whose strange
.:' career closed at Khartoum in January, 1SS5, says the
New York Sun. His military association with them
durin" the two years from 1S63 to 1S65, when he commanded the
Ever Victorious army, as it was styled, gave him a unique ex
perlehcq of the Chinese and an Insight Into their somewhat
complex character. : ¦ • '.• ': :^''- A---r-ry'--\ ¦:.:¦':¦'¦ A y ' '^ ' *
¦-With the crudest of material and In spite of the strongest
opposition, an opposition that would have been fatal but for
th£ loyal support h<i received throughout his short term of
ser\'ice under the Emperor of China from Li Hung Chang, he
organized a force that under European officers of nearly every
¦nationality; including some Americans, suppressed the Taeping
rebellion then threatening the existence of China and the
dynasty. : The pplntons he expressed, therefore, have at the
present moment exceptional value. :..;-; . Voo. ».
One which he gave cpnfldentially to a friend In 1SS0 when
he was Just on the point of leaving for India, where he had
accepted the post of secretary cf the Viceroy, Lord Ripon, is
ju=t now of particular interest. Speaking of the Chinese
trbops. he xlchfed that they were cowards In one sense. He
held that they did nbt fear death, though he had seen them
stand lip bravely sometimes and then flee like sheep afterward.
But what Europeans would have to .consider was, he said, the
awful conseciuenceB ' Of a general ' movement, when least ex-
Dected in the vast Inert, mass of hundreds of millions of men
to overwhelm the foreign devils -vhom they hatelike poison.
The danger of such an . Gordon- said,- became
greater every year on account of the way: the Chinese were
being continually harassed by the European states with dfr
mauds for compensations, in some cases Just, in others quits
frivolous. AVhen they saw that their only means of meeting
the agrgressions was to organize an army with Improved
¦preapons. then they would buy gun* and rifles and ships, and
¦w ith the aid of Kuropeans, who would: always he found ready
to drill and organize them, they would create.; a formldable>
array. ': '""¦:¦¦:'¦¦ - : ':': : -'';-: : f- r:-'' ¦ '¦¦'':¦'¦¦-¦':¦'¦ :-: : - : '--A r - "'- -_¦'"*'
Of one thing Gordon felt quite sure. The day* when Euro
peans could march up to Chinese troops in position, or In de
fense of a position, and sweep them away like flies, wonld sooa
be over. There would be no more military promenades by a
few hundred British and French troops through the country,
driving thousands of Chinese before them. ; ; ; v : ¦ v
Speaking of the authorities. Gordon said a mandarin was
never to be trusted, and he was only too glad when he left
their service. The English, In his opinion, made the mistako
of thinking they were welcome wherever they went, but in
fifteen or twenty years they would find proof to the contrary.
"With all their superstitions, their vices and their ignorance,
the Chinese were. In Gordon's estimation, far too good; to be
ruled by the class that governed them. The governments of
France. Russia and England, he emphatically ; declared, had
for the forty years before the .'time., he spoke treated; the Chi
nese most scandalously. :.':-' AA---^-- '/A - : : -V :¦•¦'.?' •¦• h ¦ "¦¦'¦ ¦'¦ ¦ "'¦ ¦¦¦•¦• >~-
Current events are proving how accurately ChfnMe Gordon
judged the situation, and the regret is that certain defect* of
character and temperament should have caused h'm to aban
don a position In which he; could : have rendered great service
to China and civilization. In the light of what Is passing in
China to-day. Gordon's words of : twenty years ago have a
prophetic ring,:. :: : - :.'/.¦• ;\y-:v';,O / r ' : - AA:A.':'Ar ¦ :,- : \'. ' ''¦' ' :'-yA ¦¦
CHINESE GORDON'S PROPHECY.
: -- . . . '¦ ...... . . -¦': '¦¦..:' 'A v '-:AA r ' : :r :¦':>¦¦¦• > '¦ ¦ : : ' '¦'-.-¦¦¦'¦ "¦¦:¦'¦ : ¦•'.-¦ - 'V;: ¦-.•;'• ¦"¦¦' "¦••¦.;:•'.• -'./:'¦:¦¦ w ¦;/¦ v'^" ; v/v\
Significant Words of the Famous Military Leader Twenty
Years Ago.
v Throughout the State the importance of the legisla
tive contest shouid : be impressed upon the i people, and
thr papers; pf- the; interior can render no^better service ;
to their constituents at this time ;--than by '¦¦.emphasizing*
this issue. .Very soon the , Presidentiai campaign will ;
come; to distract
tersi. :Then the.Sputhc
turiity. .•¦.•Now/ is the time-; for; the independent^Republi^:
fanV-press/to ;put Jthe^pepple^p
strong, and /inflexible friends of: honest politics, the,
rights of "the vpeople..: and genuine : Repubiicanism
shpuld be nprninated^ on ; the^ party ticket fpr the Legisr
lature, in any district. '"."•-'
The South well aware of :
the advantage that will accrue, to them if they can
Capture the Legislature ; this year; and they are now
working^ to; -that- \crid by. every means their cunninj
can devised ; In this city they ¦are in cornbination with
theMint saloon gang and are backing such men as
\Volfe fqr the Senate and i Dibble for the; Assembly.
In; the interior of the State : they are equally active;
arid, as we have had occasion to point out, they are
making strenuous efforts to prevent the^ election to the;
Senate pi such stanch! Republicans astheHon. \V. S.
Robinspn in the Third Senatorial District; HOn: \V.
Bi/Lardner in^ the Fifth and. the; Hon. C. Belshavv
m ¦the' Eieventh.l'-Thcse^m
stood firmly against ther : schemes of the Southern Pa
cific Company tb elect a corporation tool t^
States Sennte, and it is because of :their;firrnness in
defense of the honor of the Republican party and the
welfare of Caiifornia that the Southern Pacific . and
its allied bosses are now so eager todefeat them;/;:; ;;
.:. : .".Eyery::. intelligent man must recognize the impor
tance of electing ;tp the Legislature men who can be
relied upon .to support the. rights o f the people when
making up the electoral districts. Honest politics is
desirable at all times, but in'an issue of this sort it is
of the highest importance. If the State be left to be
gerrymandered by a combinatipn of railroad politi
cians and corrupt bosses* in different parts bf the
State there will then be such ah advantage on the part
of^ the bosses: for ten ; : years :.to come that they will ..-.be
well nigh able tb'dictate who shall go to Congress or
sit in; the; Legislature: }\ ' : [ : . ":_ ';?5 \ : .-y. :•: -; A-'--\ '--' H>;..^-:;':. : --;v.C
; fX MONG the duties required of the Legislature
:f^\ next ; winter will be that of: rearranging .the
¦ ,-V; i'; -Congressional/: Senatorial -and Assembly dis
tricts of the State. ' When that arrangement has been
made, it will stand for- ten .years.; Frohi the experir
ence of the past it is known that astute and unscrupu
lous politicians can so gerrymander a State as to vir
tually. prevent the voters from ; having anything like
a fair representation in either branch; of the State Leg
islature or in Congress, i; After the last census, for
example, a Democratic Legislature in Ohio so gerry
mandered district'' that, notwithstanding
the commanding personal popularity of that eminent
statesman. -he was actually defeated for re-election to
Congress. '.¦•'"'.; -nK '/A- ¦ '"¦'¦ * "
THE; NEXT LEGISLATURE.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST i, 1900 V
JOHN 0. SPRECKEtS, Proprietor. - I
Address AIM Communfc^lons^o W; : Man«t«r^;j
II AXAGERS [2J££l££iM^I^
:¦¦:.'.:- ¦'¦¦ Telfplione-.l'r*»« *«1.-.- . ¦;.-.;- !-..;•, , : '"•".•¦•¦ I
EDITORIAL aOOMS.vI.217 «o MV Steven.on St. {
.:;V- -Tel*pl>*>n?~.r re * B •' l-i-'-'- ':¦¦¦¦¦ }- : ¦•'¦.'
Oel!r«rrd >>r Cmrrifrm. 1» Cent* P« Weele^
¦¦¦¦•'. ¦•'¦. : . jingle Copl«. B C»«W. .-.* -.:¦ ..;.-.... >v".
' :> : Terns toy 5Iai«. inclndtaK rostncei
DAn-T CALL (including Etipday). «>« y*ar..^.;.^.W... : J« «
UVILT CALL (lBclu<Jtns Sunday), j mt)nth«. ......... ...... s-'j
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). T months... ....i..—~. l-w
r>ATLY CALI>-Mv £lfc?1* Month........ ""t sS
FX'NI>AT CALL O5*,Tf»r....;....v i..... ............— J-~
WErKLT CALL One .Tear.. ....;.....,......—...... •-••.*-'«
; All po«tma»(ern ar* anthort*ed to receiro
.:. •a»»«crlptlon«. v ¦;¦¦' :' : . -. . . •¦¦; ¦¦
Sample ¦ ccoi** will be fcrwarded whea .rfNi'aested. ¦¦•¦- .¦¦-.. ¦¦:
Man «ub8crib«T» in ofaerlDC. chatif* of addn-ss should **
partlcvlar to give >Dth XEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tuurt a prompt and corrfct cotapllaince ..with, tbelr request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE;. . . . ;^ r^ i .1118 Droadwaj
¦¦'¦ C ' r: G'EORGE;kROGiMESS.;- \ :;'.' .; -c ':''[¦¦ : ;- :
Maniger Foreigrn AdVefti<lng»; : Marque«e Buiidino;. Chicago.
lLons Distance .Telephcae ¦,^'CeJitrml'"«».VSJ| . ¦•,,..' ¦.'¦•.'V-,O.;'.- ;
':¦:?¦ ,-7--- : : '\,!.\"-KE!W-'=^ ¦>" ¦
C C. CARLTON >....„... - Her»id Squar*
'-•. ; ' ; •"¦¦ NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: ;•_;• ". P:y'. : '-
STEPHEN a SMITH;..;... ....:^....;.;30Tribun« Building
: ¦¦-¦' ¦ ."¦• CHICAGO NEWS .;• STANDSr' :¦•'•.-¦.¦. •.¦•• :: -: : :; ¦¦¦¦;"
Ebennan Hoc»; P. O. Neirs Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Prexnoni Hcnse; Auditorium Hotel. ¦••. •.:.•; -V : ;: ; •,:•'.;.
:; ¦ ¦¦¦-.¦¦ ¦¦ > ' - NEW TORK NEWS STAXDS: ' ¦ ¦-":"-"/ -"'>"- =1 "- 1:
Waiaorr-A«toria Hotel; A. Brentano. U Unio« Sqnar«;
, : Murray HUl Hotel. - }/ :: '. '¦;]" -* ':¦ [ . : •;. ;¦:[¦:_ ¦[
WASHINGTON :D. Ci Of FICt.;.. M ...,.....Wallington Hot*.
i MCRTOU t. XR AN E,; Correspondent. :
UII oFFtrn*- jr7.ilcntpora»ry. rrrc*r or CI«t. cr>»n
octll f :S0 o'clccic. : 800 Hares.' «p*n until *30 o'clock. WJ
: McACirter. : <T*a ontll : S:S8 o'clock.. tlS Larkln. open nntll
. • M o'clock. ;*«t Mitficn. cpen until 10 o'clock. J«l Market.
h. ?;¦ ecreer E'.xteer.th, cp*n until* o'clock. 10SI Valencia, open
v until » o'clock. :c» Eleventh, cpea until 8 o'clock. NW cot
; aer Twenty-tecend end JCentucky. open until 9 o'clock.
-There: is no problem: to be solved in the situation.
There is nothing complex about it; There is no tangle
of public interests in opposition to private rights./ It
is apiainj straight, issue between the law .and certain
property^pwners who are maintaining their premises
in violation ;pf it. : Moreover, . the violations are of
such a flagrant kind, that the grand jurors can find no
difficulty^; m: obtaining; evidence-pi vthem. '; Thus there
i?. apparently nothing in the way of prompt and reso
lute actiorii; Chinatown must be cleaned up,:. and the
Grand Jury; can render an important service to the
public /in. compelling the owners of property in. th;)t
quarter to begin the cleaning at once. '"¦. : ' " - ,. '.;¦'.
Furthermore, = even if we • forget the experience of ;
the, past: and ! ignore the menace pi the:- future, • there is
tlieV i£<&: .itself : : tpj be: considered:; It; is? the duty of
tlt£ .-". Grand; rJury to >;.see.: whether' the^laws; of the city
are l - en forced, by 4hy-'officials;'whb '..hXye=1^en//itharig'ed- :
.\vith;the;.resppn|ibility of- enforcing, them;. VThesanir.
tary regulations cannot be : honestly, enforced- unless;
impartially enforced. The Board of Health that tol
erates ;a :viplatipn 6r'th?;:he^th'-i:-oridldance5-^ty.V0n^
cfass .of ; property-owners while compelling: another
class to obey therii is : guilty of a double violation of
.law. ' For the . sake of an honest and just administra
tion of the: sanitary 'ordinances, the^
other reason, the. Grand' J ury should take action in
this matter. ';¦¦. : - ; -. " : ¦¦¦ , v -
may. came' out bf. them another scare, or possibly .the
plague- itself. - -~ " - •¦-¦• ¦^¦¦.¦^¦¦¦¦'-'.'A
Rocky Mountain News.
THE FATHER OF LIES ABDICATES HIS THRONE.
It required more. courage and a higher manhood in
Kempff to be wise ,it Taku than Were necessary to
some meteoric heroes who still inflate the stage and
monopolize its: center.. : : -¦"..'• '•;./.;..:, •.-¦.'_
There are other admirals, alas! -who have not
scrupled to play to the jingo .gallery and involve their
country in a labyrinth of difficulties from which it
will not issue for years to come. •,•¦...¦¦-¦¦.•.•¦•..•.¦.:••¦ .¦=... •¦¦,.-.
His action was instantly noted all over the world:
It was not Iost.'-^ppu;Uie-\Chiriese.v--.';';-.The. :^fi'nnjg; and
Ipbtfng that went on were prompted by the tales of .
massacre, which it is r.ow known had not occurred/
at that: time. If it have followed since rip one dis
putes the provocation for it, offcrod by the allied ag
gression from which Kempff stood aloof. If; it shall
prove that the legations are safe, and that Americans
throughout China are by the people differentiated
from the people of the other nations arid are.; more
respected, that they will owe to his courage and diplo
macy. ¦ ¦¦"..:. -.'¦.'¦,''•• ;¦ -' : ¦'¦''¦ "•'. - : ' ; v' „ ¦;¦ ['¦ AAv-'v ¦-' ¦'¦'.¦:'¦-. "
In the midst of these perplexing considerations, put
of which was the short way by doing wrong, which
often is the shortest way but Of doubts* he did pre
cisely right, nicely and discriminatingly right. All
honor be to: him for it. ¦¦'¦."¦ . ;¦ '- : .- ¦¦.::¦¦ .¦•¦¦:¦•¦¦•.¦..--•'••;. .;•¦;¦
Had" he joined the allies in the bornbardrnent arid
assault he \vpuld have had their applause, and at home
the unthinking, who are always crying for war and
then lamenting its results/would have .¦enthroned him
beside Dewey, and even those who , would know the
unwisdom of his action would forgive it or be silenced
in the tumult and the shouting. - : ::. , : ..:.-.-•.
To abstain from aggression in the; midst of : that
stirring action at arms required more bravery . than
was shown by any of the fleet officers who were; in
action. . Misunderstood or misrepresented at home,
he. was likely to be. also misunderstood by those: oh
the scene, and his action to be ascribed to motives of
overprudence rather than to a high view; of his duty
and the limitations of his authority/ .v ;;.;::';¦ : z'-'A ¦}'.'¦.
V; Before his report of the affair was niade public the
majority pi the; people had come to see the wisdom
of liisv abstention. We were not at ; war ;with China/
A v rebellion against that Governments^ had seized; its
forts; guns and armament^ just as at the :,;: beginning
of our Civil War- the Confederates seized the forts,
navy yards, -.Mint, Custom-houses and everything else
that belonged to the TJnited States south of Mason
and Dixon's line. But the territory was the territory
of the United States, and because rebels held posses
sion of it was no reason why foreigners should invade
if under any, pretext whatever. XV ./¦ ¦"'.: : •• '.;= •¦ '<¦ A'-. -¦':;.'
\:AH was^expected that vKenipff^Avould beat'to Quar
tier^ at bhee and opcii war; on China, and when he
kept the tompicms in his guns,: vyhilc the sliips of the
ether nations were^making ¦war-^nd.\ipipg%Ttet-;fncbft^
siderate afction could to ¦¦•increase the dangers .-and dj.0tj
culties of the situation the:fire eaters , were ready to
brand him as a cqu\ird, and in some quarters evenhM
recall for ' court ».riiartiai was demanded, } . . .. :; .- \ : : •;.'
; : r-S ' ¦ECAUSE?-iAdrnirat; "-. Kerripf? .di^ rjot .attack .the
|<^\ /: Chi nese a t vTakii the American jingoes; attacked
- -r^; '¦ hint. ahil ; in ade ;a s. detertnined;,effqrt >"tiy -/discredit
him with: the'-^ayy^PciJ'artmcnfia.ifl'd the. country; T^e
jin^cl^'thirs^ for^gore olia? : t beeiv. :;gro\yirig"- since.- ait;
American hadniiralvw^nt up ; and : dpwn the coasts :.d{
Simpa/.5hcllinjg?baml>cip; villages ..inhabited^ by; chil
dren and the sick and aged, in the wake, of a British
officer^ who-said Ohebegan killing; natives be<:ause;.it
was .sp : ;"'<J—^rrHd-;;<luil.-'^ .:.:"'j- : ;fV. : "- :;¦'/ ;C[r-: A' .A/ :¦¦'.:.'_.'.'¦: '; '¦¦,
KEMPFF^s: -WISDOM.
THE;^: SAK FRAKCISCO ¦ CALL, 'WEDNESDAY, AUGUST? 1, 1900.
6
Wh-n you travel? If you do, buy your ticket
vlaithe Northern Pacific R-y and ride on, tha
••NJrth Coast Lhnlted." the men perfectly" ao -
ported train In America. Solid vestlbuledand
U,/ited with incandescent electric »ghti> v <Jb-
gcfvatlon car with a la rse parlor for ladi«s
X 't [ V * !e ! Fi . nir C8r flnlshe^ »n «naho B aa7 a»d
t^holstered In olive ereen leather. Th* only
Jn» selUns tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park-
rickets to all points north ana east at tho low
ht rates. T. K. STATfcLER, Gen. AgV. Sii
Market »W 3. F., . '
Do You Enjoy Comfort
Fpec!al * information supplied dallv"* tn
businos* houses and public men bv th*
Pres? Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 ilont-
gomcry st. Telephone Main 1042. * < ¦• ¦?
-C*Z. giace frmt 5Cc p*r n» at TowasewTa.*
Cc3un-.b:a— "Brcthor Qfficers."..' . : .'- : . ¦ .',': .' ." "¦;'-¦¦. . , v .;
Ori : h«UT:;— Vaudeville.'. . . : . . . ' ' - '-.-: ¦';' A •'.'-¦'¦'¦'¦". A'
Grcr.d <> r era-h.us-e— -The Red I>amp." ;.'¦¦
C«lif< rr.ii— '•" By the SaJ Sea Waves." V ; . \ :
Tivoli-^-'-Ai^a. 1 :' '• ' ¦ " .-;¦'.¦: . : ;:-v' ,\A' ¦
Alcazar— "ItonieT an<l JullPt." ;¦"'<'¦¦'• --1-
O!y.n5Ka, corner Masan and liddy streets— Specialties.
Chute?. Zoo and Theater— VaudertUe every afternoon an!
evfrun;.^ ..¦•;...'•..¦'•..¦' .','¦ .'•'-. ¦_-.¦¦-'.: ¦ ¦¦..•¦ .¦¦-¦'¦-;';."¦ •.¦¦.¦..¦"¦¦
. : Fiwher's— VauAertll*. . .-.¦:¦ ¦¦' ; ¦ ¦'¦• . ¦ ;. ' -''"¦ ....
. ¦.: t?utro Baths---Qren nishts. . ; ' .:.::;, ; . :' : '... ' '\ - : ': .'
AMUSEMENTS.If you cross a stick across a stick,
. Or, cross a -stick across a stick,-
a cross across. a cross,:
Or; cross a cross across a stick, v
! Or cjoss a cros3 across a cress,
Or cross a crossed stick across a stick.
Or.* stick a crossed stick across a stick.
.Or stick a crossed stick across a crossed
stick, - ¦• '-- =-. : --. ¦ ¦ = . »
Or cross a crossed stick across a cross.
Or cross a cross across aicrossed stick,'
.Would ; this; be an acrostic?^ . - :
READ THIS ALOUD.
READ THIS ALOUD.
Sprne .Vnterprisingfcitizen,' evidently .inspired :by 'a
grudge against .the city, has. rnid'ea'unt^e^^ucst to
the Board- of : Supervisors 0 . ; .Hej-wantS; ; to {jack - :
rabbits with .a 'shotgun ..within^city.iimitsjahd seems
to have no' '= thought >-of the ' distressing-'reputatibh
which liis request wjl'give us among. Eastern cities.;'
Those uiembers of. -the State . Board of Health" who
consider that their public acts are xipt in any sense the.:
concern of the public should betaughtiri some .way
that some men' are'endbwed solely to : enjoy, the bless
ings of private life. * : ' . * ;.;": ; :; ! .'¦'{.. \l ¦"•'• '¦•"•" ¦ ; ';'¦- '. ¦)':';.
A: GRflND 'JURY DUTY.
e.NCE-rnore \ye "remind; the Grand. Jury of the
duty- it : has! to, . p erJorin , in ,: regard to China-,
: loyen. ' ". Nq •matter . hovv.: many; -nor - how^ im
pbrtarit. and .-pressing, he." the. other investigations "in
which: it' is engaged they Fillncxtafford an' excuse for
overlooking .the violations in Chinatown- of the'sanl
tary!brjjinancesof the city.Vv ; •;' -, f . . ° " -.¦.' •.;•
r. .By reason of ;jhe "impunity; permitted to the "owners
of .Chinatown property irii maihtaimng their /premiSei"
in a foul-. and" -unhealthy; condition 'there" has 'been
brought, upon San'= Francisco- . a plague scare Sand -;a
quarantine ' which, taken j together, '.have 'caused : an
iiuniense . loss, tb; business' of all-kinds. jThat eviJHs
riot Altogether a" .tbing of 'the past.; . Some , of the bad
iffects.r'em'ain,- and there aisp r.emains : the .danger -that
if .the .same /conditions' continue in ¦ -Chinatown ttherc
•MUST; SERVE^-Anxious ° Subscriber.
City:' If. a ¦. German" boy = of: 19 who never
served" in • the • German army goes to the
TJnited. States, becomes a .citizen thereof
end . after twelve years' absence from his
native place returns there, he is liable for
military services"-, The United States does
Highest rank— ii, M. ¦ J., Bisbee,
lArlz. The highest: rank fin the .United
States s army is general," next comes lleu-
Jenant' general. -TJie rank " of general is
Specially; created by Congress for, soldiers
whom it is.desired to liorior. Those who
have held that .rank have been George
"Washington. U: . S.=. Grant. .William • T.
Sherman- and Phil H. Sheridan. \ ~~ \ : : -
: AGRICULTURE-A.,S..arvlngton, Cal;
It.is ten years since there have been any
accurate figures -which show the propor
tion otthose engaged in -agriculture i to
those engaged in c other .industries, v The
recent-census will develop that, and until
the figures are .given out it is impossible
to give - an •= -answer to »the question,- as
there has been a great increase in popula
tion = in that period!; • .\ , -¦¦ '¦.¦'¦- °
COINS AND COIN BOOKS— Subscriber,
Berkeley, Cal. A dime of 1S39 does not
command a premium. This department
does: not advertise dealers. in. coin nor
dealers in coin books. If the correspond
ent had sent a self-addressed and stamped
envelope the address' : of : such . dealers
would have been sent him.
"THE BARONESS OF NEW YORK"-
A correspondent is; anxious to know the
name of a poem founded on a toast pro
gosed at a gathering and entitled "The
aroness of New .York." Can -any of ¦the
readers of this department oblige by fur
nishing the name? K.
THE PASSION PLAY— A.' B., City. The
Passion Play by means of moving pictures
was presented in this city within six
weeks and a lecture was given in expla
nation of the pictures.
BROOKLYN EAGLE— A. M., City. It Is
said that the most popular paper pub
lished in Brooklyn. N. Y., is the Eagle. \
NO PREMIUM-S., Mount Eden, Cal.
No premium is offered for, a $5 piece of
18U. . . '
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
¦: The Bar Association; should get its; gun- loaded Yor
"ban"; 'There is no close season and there is" plenty
of '£anie>.8igH •'¦¦":••'"¦./ " : '"-: ! " ! .".- '•' A~
'A William -Jennings Bryan ; positively denies that °he
was -hit. the other day by a golf ball. ' -He is-looking
for something '.more* serious 'in' the nature .ot a stroke
of political lightning;; °y.-*j~> &¦?.-*¦'$ -,°.Xy °A ""•:: -¦'.¦-'. ¦'[
:" The fate, of King Humbert is a notice, to the sov-,
ereigns of ;Europe that they, may as I well go to Paris
to see the exposition if they wish. It js just about as
safe for them there as it is for. them to. : stay at home.
And even now. Cuba is coquetting vyith the goddess
pf liberty. • The. island patriots, after, experiencing
some- of • 6ur; methods, : are -not altogether sure that
they want tq imitate them on/their own responsibility.
In the destruction, of the Stratton primary law. the
plug-uglies of politics see an. opportunity -to resume
their old game of intimidation. .Decent citizens should
be more than ever determined to .. make . decency
supreme. ;•¦ ; ,:;,./,. ="-.. " ~[ ''¦ 'A-''-' . ' .-A. •„
' Special Commissioner Rockhill, who '_ will report
Chinese conditions for President \McKinley, is. evi
dently determined not to attempt any social relations
with the Boxers: He says his investigations; will be
conducted from Shanghai. ' "" . <% -
If the electric branches of the Market-street Rail
way Company continue to claim human lives in '.ex
change for municipal favor it might be wise for. the
authorities to make every car of the -company fly a
flag' with" a death's head for a signal. - ;¦; ' .<;•
The Chinese Six Companies say, in an- address to
the public, that there are no Tartars in America. The
Six: Companies may speak in all sincerity, but they
might have told us the name, of the particular breed
of which the highbinder is an adornment.
. WASHINGTON, July 31.— Bernard Gal
lagher ' of San Francisco . is at the St.
James, ¦•• : •-
CAXIFORNIAilS IN WASHINGTON
;It is evident that Kaiser William ought either to keep
his ' mouth shut when he feels; a; warlike swelling in
the head or else he should increase the pbvyers arid
the salary of the fellows who run the press censor
ship.: A few more speeches like the. last one will ruin
his reputation as a Christian war lord. • . ..: .
It now appears that the reason why the allied fqrecs
of .': Christendom have; not started on /the: march •'•¦.?q.
Peking is that the. British and the Russians could not
agree as tb: which should control .the : railroad." Evi
dently ¦Christian harmony is not. incompatible with: a
large amount of suspicion that sortie of the Christians
are riot to be trusted cut of sight. ; V; .A ..- ; ¦ :; ';
•WHANGHOAV, July, 25.— Prince Bug
Hous has- received a messagefrom Peking
saying. that on last Tuesday the Empress
carried "a hamper of club sandwiches to
the legations and collected .their laundry,
which she is having done at her own ex
pense. The Emperor is also said to have
taken -poison and 5 shot ; himself through
the heart at-a late hour last night. This
was not his regular day to die, but he paid
he was anxious to attend to some other
matters' later on In the week.— Baltimore
American, v ; ; , °
PEKING, July 25.— Emperor -Kwang Hsu
announces that there will be no messages
sent out by the Ministers, to-day, as the
individual who has been writing them is
indisposed. ¦
NANKING, July 25.— Prince Tuan has
twenty millipn troops massed in the base
ball park awaiting orders.,
TIENTSIN. July 23.— LI Hung Chang
declined to assign any reason for his trip
to Peking, saying that he was tired think
ing up excuses and that hereafter the
public could choose any one of the reasons
he has heretofore assigned, and he would
stand by it for the next ten hours.
UMSCADOOSKI, Siberia, July 25.— A
Chinese spy was discovered In the Russian
fort here to-day. He was betrayed by h!3
own efforts to shout. "Hurrah for Genoral
Shootemsoqulckavitschiskl," his parox
ysms being painful to see. Because of
this fact the general has memorialized the
Czar asking that his name be added to the
armament of Russia.
PEKING;. July 20 (delayed:in transmis
sion).— The' Empress thi3 afternoon or
dered the troops to cease bombarding the
legations for one hour, during which time
she entertained the besieged with a pink
tea. The Tsung li Yamen has issued an
edict based on this act, showing that the
foreigners have nothing to fear.
GHEFU,: July 25.— A Chinese runner
from Peking says" that the. .imperial
troops have struck for back pay. and that
the weekly massacre: has been postponed
for. that reason. • ••.•¦¦ : "• -.-'¦ • V.. ¦
SHANGHAI, July 23-Prince'VVun Big
El this morning: received a message from
Viceroy Fib Sum What stating that the
Boxers have burned Peking and compelled
the Emperor of China to swallow brie of
his proclamations. ;: The Emperor expired
•in great: agqnyr- ¦' •' ¦.¦¦.¦. • . ¦' . -,, • ;,'¦ - ! ¦ ; ¦" ¦ ¦• ; I: '
PEKING; July 2&.r^Empress . Tsi Ann is
said to hkve stopped . at ;: the legations
while riding her bicycle this morning, ; It
is evident that the legatloners were; safe,
as she had her tires pumped up there.
Are: Not^Very [ Different; From
V ;^the Reai;Variety v : ; : >
BULLETINS; FROM CKINfl.
Some Grapevine OMspatcnes; Which
JOSEPHINE'S LAST ;WORDS-E. AW.
Gi'; City. • It was Josephine of France who
saldt; ¦ "r shall die regretted: v I have aU
ways desired the happiness of France. I
did all in; my power ¦¦"¦to contribute toit. I
can pay with truth that the first wife of
Napoleon: never Caused a tear; to flow.
It: is :wTltten i.that these were ;hes? last
words;-- . .: :;v:.-.-: '¦' r-A-'AW- : '¦¦¦¦¦ ¦:¦¦' :}AA/ : '-i<A'i
not protect its adopted citizens in the
matter of an obligation they owe to the
country of their birth and which. was not
paid .prior to becoming citizens. . By cour
tesy to the United States the German
Government, in time of peace, permits
such adopted citizen to visit German terri
tory without penalty of military service
during a period of four months.^ If the
visitor overstays that time he is liable to
arrest arid service in the army. : : ; :
H. C. BushV general. agent of the freight
department of the Santa Fe Company,
severed {his connection "with that corpora
tion yesterday -arid assumed \the general
management of the Colorado Midland
Railroad, with offices in this City. : His
retirement from Santa Fe circles Is, atn
cerely regretted by his associates. . .
Coroner Cole ; left '¦; "yesterday : afternoon
f or ai brief vacation .' on j his. Calistoga
ranch.. He has entirely . recovered from
his recent attack of sickness. ¦ -AA'y. ¦ '¦.
¦;yj,vB-;."WtiHe of ;tte^nit^..;stat«»iJ5Lrttty ;
arrived from^Cuba. last night on his way
to China. Ho Is registered ; at the Palace.
¦ : : W ; ¦ A^ McNaniara; V--aV. prbrninent. mer
chant, of Eurekai Humboldt ¦ Cbuht^^ is in
town..': ¦.;.¦ ¦;,¦¦¦¦¦:.;¦¦. ;; v ; •¦-¦;>. - :; :-'. :¦¦••"• -.¦¦".*:-. ;; ; :-^-:;
; : W;'Vp.' Lynch,: a . prominent mining man
of Oroviile,' is at the Uck. 1 ."'_':.
; - E/ W; Alien- ;:a big 'fruit grower of San
Jpse^.rs regist9roa at the Lick. ;.'¦;•¦ .: .-.;,;
¦Hijiv' ?• : :l«- : '- Bond ,-. ; a . prprhlnent - physician
6f jUkinhi, is. roistered at; the Lick.: ¦ :.; i;;'
Abe Marks, one of "Ukiah's .well-known
rnerchants.:is;a. guest; at the Lick.; \;AA : r
. Goionel;j: II.; : Calef,;U, S.; A.. ; and wife
are ; registered ,at : the;.Qc'cldental., ¦ A -^; •;-;;.
; ;: J.:^Park;iC;Hatinirig,-;a- mining; ;man" of;
New Yorki :is.:at;the Pal£ice.'; : : ;:- "\j-:~A~ • v.; ; V
..T. MV. Pattorsoni abanker of Fresno,. is
a guest at the Lick. .,-*¦ *
:-j:C.IIudner, a well-knowa attorney of
Fresno^. Jsat the Lick.: :\ :¦¦ ¦ • .";..' ¦; v \;. : :..v'
PERSONAL MENTION.
There are some interesting: French sub
jects 1n Mr." Robinson's studio, the. pans
at St. Cloud, the. Luxembourg andsoma
portrs^ts. notably one of the painter, of
very -subtle and delicate handling. J From
a balcony at Naples and some Calif oraian
subjects are abo interesting. • ' . ,
Mr. Robinson Is a native of Nova Scotia,
educated in hi3 art partly in Boston,
partly in the art schools of Paris, but
more particularly through independent
study during a delightful -artistic vaga
bondage which took in all the principal
French and Italian galleries. The youns
student — he is now but 23— found the man
nerisms, conventions and traditions of the
Parisian art schools but little to his lik
ing, and his sojourn among them was of
the briefest. Hut though he declined to
i permit the conventional and mediocre
methods of tho schools to affect his indi
viduality as an artist. It is very evident
from his work that Mr. Robinson was
powerfully influenced by the , Whistler
movement In Paris.
In the "Portrait of a Young Man" ex
hibited in the Salon du Champs de Mars
of 1SB0. the first picture by Mr. Robinson
to attract tho attention of critics.. tb«
I Whistler influence is noticeably apparent.
t It is still more in evidence in other work
of his— tr.e reach after an absolutv sim
plicity oi treatment, after the elusive,
poetic, forbiiMen mysteries of tone, an ut
termost synthesis in effect— in contradis
tinction to the detailed and garrulous m
art.
About such work It Is difficult to proph
esy the end. That Mr. Robinson has not
attained his ultimate method of expres
sion I? apparent, but with his earnestness
absolute sincerity and utter avofilance of
the effective slang of painters bo much tii
evidence to-day the final result should be
well worth while.
As a reversal of th* usual order of
things,. it is pleasant to announce in the
coming of Boardman Michael Robinson.- to
California the. domiciling of a new artist
in our midst.
.Helen Hyde sends over from Japan a
pretty proof of the best drawing that w«
have yet seen of hers-— "A Japanese Ma
donna," It has been reproduced by tha
foremost woodcutter in Japan, and shows
most perceptibly and happily the influ
ence of the art of the country Upon, illsa
Hyde's work. ¦ .'¦¦¦,;- . ¦•¦-.:•:.¦. '-¦ • •_
Gertrude Partington has left Philadel
phia, where she has been staying for some
months, for. Paris. Miss Partington, in
conjunction with Alice Rlx. has been en
gaged by Richard Glider of the Century
Magazine to (Jo work for the magazln*
while in Paris. ¦• • '.
;...; VThe forge". . la. a fascinating . drawing:,
very broadly, treated and. of an airy sug
gest Iveqcss very; characteristic of . Whis
tler's earlier etching. :.: It: shows, all : the
artist's easy mastery of line, and In tho
left .half at .least r vhls -strong : sense .; of
values. ,-¦' The figure; at the forge Is a won
derful piece; of Ughtihg.. "The Fiddler,"
a _ finished head: on a roughljr suggested
figurer- Is also most . Interesting. .The deli
cate finish ; of. the face and head — sus? ;es t-
Ing Rembrandt— and the v broad lines of
the rest make ah lnterestlnir combination.
HERE are two Whls tiers In town
Tthls week— etchings :both-— "The
Forge" and "The vFWdler.'* ; Tho
date of the former (1S66) Is? a. sad.
small reminder : oi : the ;; passing ¦ of
great days. TVhlstler, the perennial
ly young 1 , the greatest craftsnjan: of
this century, must be becoming an old
roan now. . What an lncoiigruou* combina
tion—Jimmy.-. McXelli AVhtatler and: .the
lean and quiet habit of tbe ; septuagena-.
rian V-'i '¦¦¦¦: - V A A. :.. :v: -.A v : 'V;:^'::.-^'.-;^ \-:i^:. :'.;
ART AND ARTISTS;
¦•The Call has had occasion so frequently to publish
letters commending the "studies" from men [ and
women eminent in intellectual .life that; the value -of
the praise given in the Academy article is due mainly
to the fact that it .shows how wide has become the
interest in the subject and howmuch attention it is
attracting from thoughtful persons of all classes.- It
is satisfactory to be able to bear witness that the in
terest is general among the people of California, and
that those who have followed the various courses of
study are among the most earnest in commending
their. educational value. •• , •". = i ' ' .• -
'.'One of the most encouraging signs in the journal
ism of the day. is the excellence and apparent success
bf ; the. 'Home Study Circle,' conducted by Professor
Seymour Eaton of Drexel Institute. The studies are
written by. specialists, among whom are many college
men. The subjects are numerous and interesting, in
cluding literature, science, history," biography, art,
government, political economy and industry. The
educational value of this movement ought to be very,
great."' v ¦ ;>= ,"- ¦'¦-%''-''"' : . .•
Within certain lines every intelligent- person must
hold: in high esteem the judgments of such men as
conduct the "Annals of the Academy,"/ : They may not
be qualified to speak with authority concerning what
isnews, :and how.it should be treated; but upon mat
ters of culture and questions of education; their de
cisions are among the highest and surest : that- can
be obtained in this country. We are, therefore, well
pleased that the papers of . "Our Home Study. Circle",
have attracted the -attention of the thoughtful class
of ; meh and ¦. have won -.their commendation. In the;
"Annals of the American Academy" for July, one of
the most, important •contributions is an article on "The
American; Newspaper," in the course pf: which the
writersays: •. .. ' ... .••••.. ¦ -. •¦•
A NOTEWORTHY COMMENDATION.
V 7ERY rarely do the learned scholarswhocontrib
\f' 7 ute the' papers to the "Annals of the American
• Academy"; condescend to take note of what is
going on in the domain of journalism; and when they
do it is generally for the purpose of condemning, ; or
at least of disapproving, the methods that, prevail in
the work of the daily press. The swiftness with which
the news of the world is gathered, digested and pub
lished docs not commend itself to men who take a
week'to investigate the ¦slightest; subject and a month
to write out a report of it in what; they; regard, as
proper^literary form. ;Still there are times Avheh they
notice in the press something of sufficient value: ih
itself! to be studied for information, or ' of '" sufficient,
excellence and expression to be; accounted literature,
and then it is: gratifying to note: they do not hesitate
to give a voice of approval as .strong and emphatic as
is the common voice of adverse criticism. . • ;
From * such.; expressions.' the . inembets ; qf Vthe • Bar
h^^^^f^^p^At^wt^ai of. public .sentiment
In fact; the issue 'isvin the slang of the day, ."iip to. the
association;?' • ¦ There tre -many . members, ".'of^ ../the .bar;
Who arc. P^ud i of ."-.-their^•'personalihtegrity an^ their:
professional honor. ' Why. sjho'tild .they n<)t take ;an
¦equal pride ;ihJthejr:as|oeiaiipri?:;/W.hy.'do they toler
ate, as brcthrcri of the bar rascals who are only fit -for
the companionship of felons?. .\ ° :. ; i ;\; . : .A AS- .. ,¦"_ . ¦
¦ "No remedy can be applied that does not begin with
a purification of .the bar. It is a purification. that must
come from within. -Unless the : San FranciscoYBaf
Association applies stern discipline to attorneys ert
gafjing in this line of practice the evil will go on
unchecked. The cancer that is sapping the moral fiber
cf the legal profession will spread till the bench itself
i* corrupted and "the* whole admliiistration of justice
polluted." •;.'•'; .¦''-¦ ¦•*.•.•;-¦:¦-•" c '°" ° ¦ .' ••••¦.".-' • '•
The Oakland Tribune Vis among; those: now en
gaged in an effort to trouse the Bar Association to a
sense of its responsibility. It has pointed; but the
gross evils' that exist, and ; have? long existed' in' the
practices of the probate courts, and that an immediate
and thorough reform is necessary for the protection
of the p-ublic from "legal sharks." Commenting upon
the means of effecting the reform- it says: :••. •'¦ •. ; .
By reason of the rapid growth of ptiblic sentiment
demanding a campaign of reform on the part of the
bar, The Call is no longer the only paper -.to. sup
port it." ; .¦.¦.'¦ •. : i *'.'¦>¦ /:--;-': :'-'¦¦' -;'*•: i '¦¦ '
Public sentiment on this phase of the probate scan
dals is spreading in extent and increasing in intensity.
There is a rising popular demand that the Bar Asso
ciation drive out of the profession the rascals who
are using the privileges of.' an attorney • tp ¦ defraud
clients, make a mockery of the courts ¦.-.arid rob the
estates of the dead. \ The attention of the intelligent
classes of the community is not confined %yholly to
what is being done by the Grand Jury in the Sullivan
estate case. It is watching the Bar Association and
waiting to fee whatvis to be dorie by that bo.dy^a
body claiming to represent the. honor and dignity of
the profession of the lawC; ••/'•:•: A.'_ • .- - ¦;: • ¦:¦¦¦. .. -' .-... ••
. T1k>c qr.estions arc pertinent to the issue presented
by the facts expo-ed by The Call and confirmed by
the confession of Chretien snd the evasions of Rog
er?. It behooves the Bar Association to attend to
tlx-ni. If the inembcrs of the association do not be
litxe they can with impunity shirk their duties in thi
jsiatttr; if they do r.ot believe they can hold the
esteem of the public while doing nothing to disbnr
dishonest attorneys: if they do not believe that many
of them wll fall under suspicion of sanctioning prac
tices they refuse to punish; if they do not believe :the
people to be utterly indifferent and contemptuous
toward whatever the association uoes or leaves un
done—then they are acting after the manner of fools
or cowards who knowing what is right refuse to fol
low .It, either because they are afraid to do so; :6r
because in their folly they deem it a better pblicy to
tolerate a wrong than to fight it. :¦ ; -' : ; ; /::;. : ;.?7 v -. : :- -:c- .'::'¦¦'¦¦
DO the members of tbe Bar Association believe
tljey can shirk the duties imposed upon them
i>y the exposure The Call has made of the
!!».u(iv.:^:H practices of certain attorneys in the con
>p:raiy to get • iio«.-c-<ion of the estate of Joseph Sul
livan? Do'tfccy believe they 'can hold the esteem, oi
the public if they take no steps to disbar the attorneys
whoVe suilt has been proven, and to investigatethe
conduct -of others who are under suspicion?; Do they
believe they can give 16; such practices by members of
the bar the approval of silence, without falling them
¦'selye* ur.der suspicion of indulging in practices hardly
niuch btiTtr? Do they believe the people are indiffer
ent to what the association may do in the matter? ;
QUESTICNS FOR THE BflR.
THERE was probably no European more qualified to ex
press ah Opinion of the- Chinese than Colonel Gordon,
more commonly called Chinese Gordon, whose strange
.:' career closed at Khartoum in January, 1SS5, says the
New York Sun. His military association with them
durin" the two years from 1S63 to 1S65, when he commanded the
Ever Victorious army, as it was styled, gave him a unique ex
perlehcq of the Chinese and an Insight Into their somewhat
complex character. : ¦ • '.• ': :^''- A---r-ry'--\ ¦:.:¦':¦'¦ A y ' '^ ' *
¦-With the crudest of material and In spite of the strongest
opposition, an opposition that would have been fatal but for
th£ loyal support h<i received throughout his short term of
ser\'ice under the Emperor of China from Li Hung Chang, he
organized a force that under European officers of nearly every
¦nationality; including some Americans, suppressed the Taeping
rebellion then threatening the existence of China and the
dynasty. : The pplntons he expressed, therefore, have at the
present moment exceptional value. :..;-; . Voo. ».
One which he gave cpnfldentially to a friend In 1SS0 when
he was Just on the point of leaving for India, where he had
accepted the post of secretary cf the Viceroy, Lord Ripon, is
ju=t now of particular interest. Speaking of the Chinese
trbops. he xlchfed that they were cowards In one sense. He
held that they did nbt fear death, though he had seen them
stand lip bravely sometimes and then flee like sheep afterward.
But what Europeans would have to .consider was, he said, the
awful conseciuenceB ' Of a general ' movement, when least ex-
Dected in the vast Inert, mass of hundreds of millions of men
to overwhelm the foreign devils -vhom they hatelike poison.
The danger of such an . Gordon- said,- became
greater every year on account of the way: the Chinese were
being continually harassed by the European states with dfr
mauds for compensations, in some cases Just, in others quits
frivolous. AVhen they saw that their only means of meeting
the agrgressions was to organize an army with Improved
¦preapons. then they would buy gun* and rifles and ships, and
¦w ith the aid of Kuropeans, who would: always he found ready
to drill and organize them, they would create.; a formldable>
array. ': '""¦:¦¦:'¦¦ - : ':': : -'';-: : f- r:-'' ¦ '¦¦'':¦'¦¦-¦':¦'¦ :-: : - : '--A r - "'- -_¦'"*'
Of one thing Gordon felt quite sure. The day* when Euro
peans could march up to Chinese troops in position, or In de
fense of a position, and sweep them away like flies, wonld sooa
be over. There would be no more military promenades by a
few hundred British and French troops through the country,
driving thousands of Chinese before them. ; ; ; v : ¦ v
Speaking of the authorities. Gordon said a mandarin was
never to be trusted, and he was only too glad when he left
their service. The English, In his opinion, made the mistako
of thinking they were welcome wherever they went, but in
fifteen or twenty years they would find proof to the contrary.
"With all their superstitions, their vices and their ignorance,
the Chinese were. In Gordon's estimation, far too good; to be
ruled by the class that governed them. The governments of
France. Russia and England, he emphatically ; declared, had
for the forty years before the .'time., he spoke treated; the Chi
nese most scandalously. :.':-' AA---^-- '/A - : : -V :¦•¦'.?' •¦• h ¦ "¦¦'¦ ¦'¦ ¦ "'¦ ¦¦¦•¦• >~-
Current events are proving how accurately ChfnMe Gordon
judged the situation, and the regret is that certain defect* of
character and temperament should have caused h'm to aban
don a position In which he; could : have rendered great service
to China and civilization. In the light of what Is passing in
China to-day. Gordon's words of : twenty years ago have a
prophetic ring,:. :: : - :.'/.¦• ;\y-:v';,O / r ' : - AA:A.':'Ar ¦ :,- : \'. ' ''¦' ' :'-yA ¦¦
CHINESE GORDON'S PROPHECY.
: -- . . . '¦ ...... . . -¦': '¦¦..:' 'A v '-:AA r ' : :r :¦':>¦¦¦• > '¦ ¦ : : ' '¦'-.-¦¦¦'¦ "¦¦:¦'¦ : ¦•'.-¦ - 'V;: ¦-.•;'• ¦"¦¦' "¦••¦.;:•'.• -'./:'¦:¦¦ w ¦;/¦ v'^" ; v/v\
Significant Words of the Famous Military Leader Twenty
Years Ago.
v Throughout the State the importance of the legisla
tive contest shouid : be impressed upon the i people, and
thr papers; pf- the; interior can render no^better service ;
to their constituents at this time ;--than by '¦¦.emphasizing*
this issue. .Very soon the , Presidentiai campaign will ;
come; to distract
tersi. :Then the.Sputhc
turiity. .•¦.•Now/ is the time-; for; the independent^Republi^:
fanV-press/to ;put Jthe^pepple^p
strong, and /inflexible friends of: honest politics, the,
rights of "the vpeople..: and genuine : Repubiicanism
shpuld be nprninated^ on ; the^ party ticket fpr the Legisr
lature, in any district. '"."•-'
The South well aware of :
the advantage that will accrue, to them if they can
Capture the Legislature ; this year; and they are now
working^ to; -that- \crid by. every means their cunninj
can devised ; In this city they ¦are in cornbination with
theMint saloon gang and are backing such men as
\Volfe fqr the Senate and i Dibble for the; Assembly.
In; the interior of the State : they are equally active;
arid, as we have had occasion to point out, they are
making strenuous efforts to prevent the^ election to the;
Senate pi such stanch! Republicans astheHon. \V. S.
Robinspn in the Third Senatorial District; HOn: \V.
Bi/Lardner in^ the Fifth and. the; Hon. C. Belshavv
m ¦the' Eieventh.l'-Thcse^m
stood firmly against ther : schemes of the Southern Pa
cific Company tb elect a corporation tool t^
States Sennte, and it is because of :their;firrnness in
defense of the honor of the Republican party and the
welfare of Caiifornia that the Southern Pacific . and
its allied bosses are now so eager todefeat them;/;:; ;;
.:. : .".Eyery::. intelligent man must recognize the impor
tance of electing ;tp the Legislature men who can be
relied upon .to support the. rights o f the people when
making up the electoral districts. Honest politics is
desirable at all times, but in'an issue of this sort it is
of the highest importance. If the State be left to be
gerrymandered by a combinatipn of railroad politi
cians and corrupt bosses* in different parts bf the
State there will then be such ah advantage on the part
of^ the bosses: for ten ; : years :.to come that they will ..-.be
well nigh able tb'dictate who shall go to Congress or
sit in; the; Legislature: }\ ' : [ : . ":_ ';?5 \ : .-y. :•: -; A-'--\ '--' H>;..^-:;':. : --;v.C
; fX MONG the duties required of the Legislature
:f^\ next ; winter will be that of: rearranging .the
¦ ,-V; i'; -Congressional/: Senatorial -and Assembly dis
tricts of the State. ' When that arrangement has been
made, it will stand for- ten .years.; Frohi the experir
ence of the past it is known that astute and unscrupu
lous politicians can so gerrymander a State as to vir
tually. prevent the voters from ; having anything like
a fair representation in either branch; of the State Leg
islature or in Congress, i; After the last census, for
example, a Democratic Legislature in Ohio so gerry
mandered district'' that, notwithstanding
the commanding personal popularity of that eminent
statesman. -he was actually defeated for re-election to
Congress. '.¦•'"'.; -nK '/A- ¦ '"¦'¦ * "
THE; NEXT LEGISLATURE.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST i, 1900 V
JOHN 0. SPRECKEtS, Proprietor. - I
Address AIM Communfc^lons^o W; : Man«t«r^;j
II AXAGERS [2J££l££iM^I^
:¦¦:.'.:- ¦'¦¦ Telfplione-.l'r*»« *«1.-.- . ¦;.-.;- !-..;•, , : '"•".•¦•¦ I
EDITORIAL aOOMS.vI.217 «o MV Steven.on St. {
.:;V- -Tel*pl>*>n?~.r re * B •' l-i-'-'- ':¦¦¦¦¦ }- : ¦•'¦.'
Oel!r«rrd >>r Cmrrifrm. 1» Cent* P« Weele^
¦¦¦¦•'. ¦•'¦. : . jingle Copl«. B C»«W. .-.* -.:¦ ..;.-.... >v".
' :> : Terns toy 5Iai«. inclndtaK rostncei
DAn-T CALL (including Etipday). «>« y*ar..^.;.^.W... : J« «
UVILT CALL (lBclu<Jtns Sunday), j mt)nth«. ......... ...... s-'j
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). T months... ....i..—~. l-w
r>ATLY CALI>-Mv £lfc?1* Month........ ""t sS
FX'NI>AT CALL O5*,Tf»r....;....v i..... ............— J-~
WErKLT CALL One .Tear.. ....;.....,......—...... •-••.*-'«
; All po«tma»(ern ar* anthort*ed to receiro
.:. •a»»«crlptlon«. v ¦;¦¦' :' : . -. . . •¦¦; ¦¦
Sample ¦ ccoi** will be fcrwarded whea .rfNi'aested. ¦¦•¦- .¦¦-.. ¦¦:
Man «ub8crib«T» in ofaerlDC. chatif* of addn-ss should **
partlcvlar to give >Dth XEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tuurt a prompt and corrfct cotapllaince ..with, tbelr request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE;. . . . ;^ r^ i .1118 Droadwaj
¦¦'¦ C ' r: G'EORGE;kROGiMESS.;- \ :;'.' .; -c ':''[¦¦ : ;- :
Maniger Foreigrn AdVefti<lng»; : Marque«e Buiidino;. Chicago.
lLons Distance .Telephcae ¦,^'CeJitrml'"«».VSJ| . ¦•,,..' ¦.'¦•.'V-,O.;'.- ;
':¦:?¦ ,-7--- : : '\,!.\"-KE!W-'=^ ¦>" ¦
C C. CARLTON >....„... - Her»id Squar*
'-•. ; ' ; •"¦¦ NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: ;•_;• ". P:y'. : '-
STEPHEN a SMITH;..;... ....:^....;.;30Tribun« Building
: ¦¦-¦' ¦ ."¦• CHICAGO NEWS .;• STANDSr' :¦•'•.-¦.¦. •.¦•• :: -: : :; ¦¦¦¦;"
Ebennan Hoc»; P. O. Neirs Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Prexnoni Hcnse; Auditorium Hotel. ¦••. •.:.•; -V : ;: ; •,:•'.;.
:; ¦ ¦¦¦-.¦¦ ¦¦ > ' - NEW TORK NEWS STAXDS: ' ¦ ¦-":"-"/ -"'>"- =1 "- 1:
Waiaorr-A«toria Hotel; A. Brentano. U Unio« Sqnar«;
, : Murray HUl Hotel. - }/ :: '. '¦;]" -* ':¦ [ . : •;. ;¦:[¦:_ ¦[
WASHINGTON :D. Ci Of FICt.;.. M ...,.....Wallington Hot*.
i MCRTOU t. XR AN E,; Correspondent. :
UII oFFtrn*- jr7.ilcntpora»ry. rrrc*r or CI«t. cr>»n
octll f :S0 o'clccic. : 800 Hares.' «p*n until *30 o'clock. WJ
: McACirter. : <T*a ontll : S:S8 o'clock.. tlS Larkln. open nntll
. • M o'clock. ;*«t Mitficn. cpen until 10 o'clock. J«l Market.
h. ?;¦ ecreer E'.xteer.th, cp*n until* o'clock. 10SI Valencia, open
v until » o'clock. :c» Eleventh, cpea until 8 o'clock. NW cot
; aer Twenty-tecend end JCentucky. open until 9 o'clock.
-There: is no problem: to be solved in the situation.
There is nothing complex about it; There is no tangle
of public interests in opposition to private rights./ It
is apiainj straight, issue between the law .and certain
property^pwners who are maintaining their premises
in violation ;pf it. : Moreover, . the violations are of
such a flagrant kind, that the grand jurors can find no
difficulty^; m: obtaining; evidence-pi vthem. '; Thus there
i?. apparently nothing in the way of prompt and reso
lute actiorii; Chinatown must be cleaned up,:. and the
Grand Jury; can render an important service to the
public /in. compelling the owners of property in. th;)t
quarter to begin the cleaning at once. '"¦. : ' " - ,. '.;¦'.
Furthermore, = even if we • forget the experience of ;
the, past: and ! ignore the menace pi the:- future, • there is
tlieV i£<&: .itself : : tpj be: considered:; It; is? the duty of
tlt£ .-". Grand; rJury to >;.see.: whether' the^laws; of the city
are l - en forced, by 4hy-'officials;'whb '..hXye=1^en//itharig'ed- :
.\vith;the;.resppn|ibility of- enforcing, them;. VThesanir.
tary regulations cannot be : honestly, enforced- unless;
impartially enforced. The Board of Health that tol
erates ;a :viplatipn 6r'th?;:he^th'-i:-oridldance5-^ty.V0n^
cfass .of ; property-owners while compelling: another
class to obey therii is : guilty of a double violation of
.law. ' For the . sake of an honest and just administra
tion of the: sanitary 'ordinances, the^
other reason, the. Grand' J ury should take action in
this matter. ';¦¦. : - ; -. " : ¦¦¦ , v -
may. came' out bf. them another scare, or possibly .the
plague- itself. - -~ " - •¦-¦• ¦^¦¦.¦^¦¦¦¦'-'.'A
Rocky Mountain News.
THE FATHER OF LIES ABDICATES HIS THRONE.
It required more. courage and a higher manhood in
Kempff to be wise ,it Taku than Were necessary to
some meteoric heroes who still inflate the stage and
monopolize its: center.. : : -¦"..'• '•;./.;..:, •.-¦.'_
There are other admirals, alas! -who have not
scrupled to play to the jingo .gallery and involve their
country in a labyrinth of difficulties from which it
will not issue for years to come. •,•¦...¦¦-¦¦.•.•¦•..•.¦.:••¦ .¦=... •¦¦,.-.
His action was instantly noted all over the world:
It was not Iost.'-^ppu;Uie-\Chiriese.v--.';';-.The. :^fi'nnjg; and
Ipbtfng that went on were prompted by the tales of .
massacre, which it is r.ow known had not occurred/
at that: time. If it have followed since rip one dis
putes the provocation for it, offcrod by the allied ag
gression from which Kempff stood aloof. If; it shall
prove that the legations are safe, and that Americans
throughout China are by the people differentiated
from the people of the other nations arid are.; more
respected, that they will owe to his courage and diplo
macy. ¦ ¦¦"..:. -.'¦.'¦,''•• ;¦ -' : ¦'¦''¦ "•'. - : ' ; v' „ ¦;¦ ['¦ AAv-'v ¦-' ¦'¦'.¦:'¦-. "
In the midst of these perplexing considerations, put
of which was the short way by doing wrong, which
often is the shortest way but Of doubts* he did pre
cisely right, nicely and discriminatingly right. All
honor be to: him for it. ¦¦'¦."¦ . ;¦ '- : .- ¦¦.::¦¦ .¦•¦¦:¦•¦¦•.¦..--•'••;. .;•¦;¦
Had" he joined the allies in the bornbardrnent arid
assault he \vpuld have had their applause, and at home
the unthinking, who are always crying for war and
then lamenting its results/would have .¦enthroned him
beside Dewey, and even those who , would know the
unwisdom of his action would forgive it or be silenced
in the tumult and the shouting. - : ::. , : ..:.-.-•.
To abstain from aggression in the; midst of : that
stirring action at arms required more bravery . than
was shown by any of the fleet officers who were; in
action. . Misunderstood or misrepresented at home,
he. was likely to be. also misunderstood by those: oh
the scene, and his action to be ascribed to motives of
overprudence rather than to a high view; of his duty
and the limitations of his authority/ .v ;;.;::';¦ : z'-'A ¦}'.'¦.
V; Before his report of the affair was niade public the
majority pi the; people had come to see the wisdom
of liisv abstention. We were not at ; war ;with China/
A v rebellion against that Governments^ had seized; its
forts; guns and armament^ just as at the :,;: beginning
of our Civil War- the Confederates seized the forts,
navy yards, -.Mint, Custom-houses and everything else
that belonged to the TJnited States south of Mason
and Dixon's line. But the territory was the territory
of the United States, and because rebels held posses
sion of it was no reason why foreigners should invade
if under any, pretext whatever. XV ./¦ ¦"'.: : •• '.;= •¦ '<¦ A'-. -¦':;.'
\:AH was^expected that vKenipff^Avould beat'to Quar
tier^ at bhee and opcii war; on China, and when he
kept the tompicms in his guns,: vyhilc the sliips of the
ether nations were^making ¦war-^nd.\ipipg%Ttet-;fncbft^
siderate afction could to ¦¦•increase the dangers .-and dj.0tj
culties of the situation the:fire eaters , were ready to
brand him as a cqu\ird, and in some quarters evenhM
recall for ' court ».riiartiai was demanded, } . . .. :; .- \ : : •;.'
; : r-S ' ¦ECAUSE?-iAdrnirat; "-. Kerripf? .di^ rjot .attack .the
|<^\ /: Chi nese a t vTakii the American jingoes; attacked
- -r^; '¦ hint. ahil ; in ade ;a s. detertnined;,effqrt >"tiy -/discredit
him with: the'-^ayy^PciJ'artmcnfia.ifl'd the. country; T^e
jin^cl^'thirs^ for^gore olia? : t beeiv. :;gro\yirig"- since.- ait;
American hadniiralvw^nt up ; and : dpwn the coasts :.d{
Simpa/.5hcllinjg?baml>cip; villages ..inhabited^ by; chil
dren and the sick and aged, in the wake, of a British
officer^ who-said Ohebegan killing; natives be<:ause;.it
was .sp : ;"'<J—^rrHd-;;<luil.-'^ .:.:"'j- : ;fV. : "- :;¦'/ ;C[r-: A' .A/ :¦¦'.:.'_.'.'¦: '; '¦¦,
KEMPFF^s: -WISDOM.
THE;^: SAK FRAKCISCO ¦ CALL, 'WEDNESDAY, AUGUST? 1, 1900.
6
Wh-n you travel? If you do, buy your ticket
vlaithe Northern Pacific R-y and ride on, tha
••NJrth Coast Lhnlted." the men perfectly" ao -
ported train In America. Solid vestlbuledand
U,/ited with incandescent electric »ghti> v <Jb-
gcfvatlon car with a la rse parlor for ladi«s
X 't [ V * !e ! Fi . nir C8r flnlshe^ »n «naho B aa7 a»d
t^holstered In olive ereen leather. Th* only
Jn» selUns tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park-
rickets to all points north ana east at tho low
ht rates. T. K. STATfcLER, Gen. AgV. Sii
Market »W 3. F., . '
Do You Enjoy Comfort
Fpec!al * information supplied dallv"* tn
businos* houses and public men bv th*
Pres? Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 ilont-
gomcry st. Telephone Main 1042. * < ¦• ¦?
-C*Z. giace frmt 5Cc p*r n» at TowasewTa.*
Cc3un-.b:a— "Brcthor Qfficers."..' . : .'- : . ¦ .',': .' ." "¦;'-¦¦. . , v .;
Ori : h«UT:;— Vaudeville.'. . . : . . . ' ' - '-.-: ¦';' A •'.'-¦'¦'¦'¦". A'
Grcr.d <> r era-h.us-e— -The Red I>amp." ;.'¦¦
C«lif< rr.ii— '•" By the SaJ Sea Waves." V ; . \ :
Tivoli-^-'-Ai^a. 1 :' '• ' ¦ " .-;¦'.¦: . : ;:-v' ,\A' ¦
Alcazar— "ItonieT an<l JullPt." ;¦"'<'¦¦'• --1-
O!y.n5Ka, corner Masan and liddy streets— Specialties.
Chute?. Zoo and Theater— VaudertUe every afternoon an!
evfrun;.^ ..¦•;...'•..¦'•..¦' .','¦ .'•'-. ¦_-.¦¦-'.: ¦ ¦¦..•¦ .¦¦-¦'¦-;';."¦ •.¦¦.¦..¦"¦¦
. : Fiwher's— VauAertll*. . .-.¦:¦ ¦¦' ; ¦ ¦'¦• . ¦ ;. ' -''"¦ ....
. ¦.: t?utro Baths---Qren nishts. . ; ' .:.::;, ; . :' : '... ' '\ - : ': .'
AMUSEMENTS.-Owing to the Supreme Court decision
declaring the Stratton primary law - un
constitutional, i the board, rescinded' all
contracts for primary election stationery
and construction of booths. . ¦ ' .• ,-
The". followVig named . clerks - were
dropped, as the registration has fallen off
one-half: A.; A. Gamier,, Frank Rettlng
stein. Henry F. Dunn, J. E. Mnrphy,:K.'
K. Harmon. E. J.. Smith., J. M.. Miller, P.
T. O'Brien, W. F. -Harris and . A.-.-H.
Brown/ " -r - : . ••o c •¦
Registrar/ Walsh recommended to.; the
Board of Election Commissioners yester
day that C06 deputies be appointed to con
duct precinct; registration v on September
8. 15 and 22. The • appointments will be
made. this morning- ¦ .- - < .- -//.:¦
PREPARATIONS MADE FOR
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
Unsuccessful Bidder Claims Board of
Works Did Not Comply With
Charter.
The Otis K:evator Company has filed a
protest with the Board of Public Works
againft the oomrcct for placing the new
electric elevator in the City Hall being en
tered ¦ into with W. I... Holman. The
ground for the protest is th;tt th«» notice
calling for biris was fatally defective, as
It flid not comply with the charter, which
require* a genf-ral descriptlrn of the
work to be done, the materials? to be fur
nished and tho time within vhlch the
work is to be commenced. Tie protest
continue.*:
"Each bidder submitted a different de
fdpn for grill work on the elevator, and
•Fuch desisrns were considered byti e board
In "detrrjnininsr wlto was. the low-sf'-Wd
<ler. Inrtead of the board submitting plans
to the bidders, the latter submltfex? plans
to the: board. :• The gentleman to- whom
yeas awarded the contract- did Tiot'a^com
pany.hfs.bjd with a cbfrrk; whJchvtt con
trary to the , charter ; *«quIr^meDts7' ;•;.. - • : ,
AWARD OF ELEVATOR ;/::.
CONTRACT IS OPPOSED
Owner of a Building Ordered to Cease
-. ; . Operations — Architect
: "• Appointed.
The Board of Public Works directed the
Chief of Police yesterday to order opera
tions to cease on a building now In course
of construction on Serpentine avenue, off
Twenty-sixth street, between Mission
and Howard, and belonging to B. • P.
Hellwlg. A permit was inadvertently
issued by the Bureau- of Streets on Mon
day lsst for the erection of the building.
The board was Informed that the act of
the Legislature approved March 16, 1878,
closed Serpentine avenue and authorized
the sale of .the street land. The Mayor
was empowered to give the necessary
deeds, but it is understood by the board
that no deeds have been executed and the
land is now supposed to be the property
of the city. The Bureau of Streets will
cancel the permit and the ctwner will be
instructed to vacate the property.
William Mooser was appointed architect
of .the Board of Public Works yesterday
at a salary of J100 per month. He will
only devote a portion of his time to the
duties of the position. He will examine
all. plans for buildings and will be at the
disposal, of all departments of the board.
MUST NOT BUILD ON • -
. SERPENTINE AVENUE
President Freud of the Board of Civil
Service Commissioners requested that the
board place six gas jets, at a cost of $50,
in certain rooms of the Girls' High School
for the next examination. In return Mr.
Freud pledget! his commission, at Cas
serly's-suggestion, to prepare for a civil
service examination for public school
janitor, to be held next month.
Webster submitted a resolution request-
Ing the Chief of Police to continue Patrol
man C. T. Merchant as a truant officer
of the department, .by reason of his good
record. The board declined to adopt the
resolution. -however, as it- did not desire
to Interfere with, the prerogatives of the
Police Department.
Grammar schools of thl» department for the
year 1900-1901 shall be. such schools as had
during the fiscal year terminating June. 1900.
at least three different grammar grades and an
average dally attendance of 175 grammar pupils.
Classes containing pupils of grades from the
j--ncond to. the sevt-nth, both inclusive, shall con
sist of an enrollment of not' more 'than fifty
nor less than forty pupils, provided that at no
Urr.e shall tni* number of pupils enrolled ex
ceed the. number* of desks for their accommo
dation.
Classes conlaininsr pupils of th» first or the
elshth or the advanced eighth grades shall
consist of not less than thirty nor mor« than
forty-five pupils enrolled.
• : Superintendent.'. ; Webster... 'protested
against the rule of .the board- which re
quires- • an.' enTollmehf. of '.flfty-flye: ' lii
classes! . He- ..stated that -it would b'<S;iniT
possible-.to carry .out: the rule to' the .strict
letter, as some classrooms, had accommo
dations for less than fifty. He also'.. said:
that, the function of the Board of-Educa^
tion granted it by. the State law to clas
sify grades had been taken away from ,lt
under the new charter; that according to
section Iitf3 of the Political Code the
County Superintendent of Schools had
Fole authority to grade schools, and this,
was backed by several court decisions
which he quoted. He then submitted the
following schedule as his order, which
was placed on file:
Director Denman said that the board
had transferred grammar grades from the
Grant School because they were not up
to the standard of enrollment, which had
been fixed . at fifty-five pupils per class.
Superintendent Webster action
taken immediately, so the parents could
be informed this morning, what they: were
to dp with their children,;, but the board
decided to tako the matter under advise
ment and give a reply to the petition of
ithe parents at Its earliest convenience. It
agreed to rectify any mistake that might
have been; made.': .•• ¦ •" : ¦ ¦' -.-¦ -.-. ". ¦ : .
The last sentence in /the protest ap
peared to hurt the : sensibilities of the
School Directors, and as it was deemed
objectionable was withdrawn. by Some, of
the signers, who were present.: -Attorney
Ach explained that It would he a hard
ship to force parents to send their pupils
to a school which was in some cases fif
teen blocks away from their, homes. He
for one would not send, his child to. the
Pacilic Heights School, the drainage, of
which he paid was unhealthy. He claimed
there 'was plenty of room at .the Grant
School, though seventy pupils were sent
away from it yesterday. William Koss
and Livingston Jenks addressed the board
on the same lines.
The rpsol ut Ion passed ' by- your. ¦. honorable
bnard transfcrrirg the sixth, -seventh and
tlfhtii grades of primary *eh<x>Is cast: of Cen
tral avenue and north of Twphty-j>lxth street'
to the nearest grammar school has caused a
great deal of dissatistactfon. espectallj- among
parents t>f -children who attend "the:' Grant
School. We as taxpayers fail to see wherein
anything can be gained, by the ..tmnafer of
grammar grade pupils. If the classes are in
creased in the l'acinc Heights or
Schools the work of the teachers' must be In
creased " unduly and the. pupils suffer. In pro
portion and be denied the time and attention
(riven to pupils in- less crowded classes. .We
hope you will reconsider ' the resolution and
avoid the necessity of testing In the courts
the question as to whether or. not your board
appointed under the new charter is a legally
constituted body. ' •' ' ;. ..
; A number of parents of children who at
tend the Grant Primary School "appeared
¦before .:the Board; of Education yesterday
to. protest . aKftinst •: the- transfer of gram
mar grade pui'ils^ of that school to the
Pacific Heights School!: : A written protest
signed by several- 'taxpayers. .was present
ed, which reads in' part, as follows:- .".¦:
Superintendent Webster Submits a
New Ciassincatiori--Examinati6n
'.¦'. • v -/for Janitors Will { Be : ; '/
¦ ¦':'¦'¦; V ..•¦!•:•¦-'•' : 'Held Soon.'-'.- .V'.o l- ? ; •:•' '!..'
Taxpayers- Ask Directors to
; :: Rescind i Rule Affecting; ;
(r rant* School.
BARENTS OBJECT
TO TRANSFER OF
GRAMMAR PUPILS
Cahn, Nlckelsburg & Co. have taken the
lead in making prottst. They are particu
larly concerned by reason of the provis
ions affecting the Invoicing of shoes. It
Is made mandatory that the number of
pairs of : shoes respectively for men,
women and children shall be set forth;
also the net weipht in kilos of the shoes,
excluding the packing Inside and outside;
the net weight in kilos of the cartons or
small boxes inside and the gross weight
In kilos with packing inside and outside.
For tanned leathers the net and gross
weights in kilos must be specified.
"The Custom-house," so the regulations
read, "considers shoes for men being of
the measure of 23 ospanol." What that
means not a shoe manufacturer or dealer
In. shoes in San Francisco can tell; never-,
theless, the regulations run against them,
¦upon goods now -actually -'^crossing the
ocean and beyond possibility of being
measured and weighed in compliance
with the new rules. The regulations, so
it' i;s Just learned -here, went into, effect
June-1. • Some .trouble'-'must have, been
caused already and more will ensue.un
less the authorities, at Washington, see
the: injustice and' give some-relief.- . :
• • In Its letter to' Secretary -Root- the! firm
Qf-Cahn; • NIckelsbtlrg & Cq. . sets forth
that since the .United- States' has taken
possession of the Philippines a trade in
American-made shoes has been started,
and If there is no' increase in customs re
strictions it is quite sure that the business
will grow to large proportions! The hope
was expressed that nothing more than
the gross weight of, the package need be
specified in the Invoice and that the
customs rates on shoes may be as low
as possible to . promote the use on tho
Islands of American-made goods.
. The injustice threatened has led certain
prominent business men in San Francisco
to enter into 'correspondence with Secre
tary Root "of the War Department , and
also with. the olHcials at Manila, making
protest and asking for relief. . Pacilic
Coast manufacturers and merchants doing
business with the Philippine Islands are
hampered. ' The customs regulations ap
plied to the Philippines are more exacting
than- those of Cuba. This furnishes ad
ditional reason for local dissatisfaction.
¦-¦_ Cqpies of the. regulations have only, just
reached : this CityV: Goods are' oh the. way
that started: fttr Manila before there, was
any knowledge: pbtalnable:: here that new
legal, conditions '.were to be met."'"-, •'. -. :
A free translation of regulations recent
ly, promulgated at Manila Indicates that
innocent: consignees of wares .trorh : San
Francisco may be '.heavily . fined ; for riot
following the impossible provision of the
regulations that certain wares must be in
voiced to show the weight . .with . and
without casing. If there is any difference
between the statements In the invoice, and
the facts ascertained upon, the arrival of
the ; goods at Manila, there wlll.be fines
and charges; to pay, ¦ '¦¦ :: -:'.-' : ¦'.'¦¦'¦¦'¦I-
Cargoes Now Afloat May Be Cause of
;. '¦;¦ Unjust ¦'!¦ Fines— Secretary: ; of ..; ' -.
.;. ':.;. : War Root : Has : Been : ; : ¦
: ¦ . ; ; ;¦ Appealed Tolv '¦.]'¦}'¦¦¦¦'¦.. '¦
Customs Regulations- Likely
V'fo" Hamper Trade WitK ..
'^j ' \- -: ¦ 'k ¦ 'Manila. . ' ' • - "
SAN FRANCISCO
MANUFACTURERS
ENTER PROTEST
THE CHILEAN itRAS^G ism
CANNOT TAKE
ACTIVE PART
IN POLITICS
Civil Service Commission
•I ; Issues ilrder to Its:
Appointees; J V ¦
Employed.
With. Mayor^ Shows a Large
fit Number of Eligibles
Semi- Annual Report of Board Filed
Copyist— March 14. l?00: applicants, 575; ex
amined, 4C0; passed, 1S1; failed, ,279; -appoint
ed. J6. . .•¦ ' : ¦;•."..••.
Sewer Cleaner— March 3Q. 1900; applicants. 12S;
eramined, : 115; passed. M; failed. 21; appolnt-
StenngTapher and TypewHter-^Aprll 2. \ 1900;
cpplifiants, i2: examined. .SB; passed, 16; failed,
20: appointed, h. . • •' • ¦¦:'¦'.¦¦:.'¦'¦]'' '
Court PtenoKrapher— April 2, 1900; appUcatits,
8. ¦: ejtajnincd,.. 7; passed. 5;: failed, 2; appoint-;
Ordjnarj- Clerk— June 15. 1?00: applicants, 686;
examined,' 435: passed, 152; .failed; .:2S4; ap
poiiited;UiT~ • '¦:¦:¦ ¦•' •¦: . :•' : • ' ¦' • •¦ ¦ • '•
• ¦ Examinations heJd, 5; : applicants examined,
1054;' applicants passed. ,448^ appUcants failed,'
606; percentace-ijf faifures. ; : 57.49; -eUglbles em
ployed,'-ill J laborers : employed, -3?. ¦ • ,".'.- :
The board filed yesterday with the
Mavor its semi-annual report covering the
operations of the department for the last
six months. After a brief history of the
proceedings in organizing for business the
report pays a high compliment to the pub
lic-spirited action of the Merchants' Asso
ciation in volunteeering substantial as
sistance. High praise is also accorded the
public school teachers who volunteered to
mark the examination papers, and to all
who in any way assisted the commission.
The report concludes with a tabulated
statement of the date of examinations,
number of applicants, number examined,
number passed, number failing and num
ber appointed, as follows:. •.-.
The Civil Service Commission is of the opin
ion that the active participation of civ;i %erv
ice ai>r*ointe« > s In partisan politics, in the man
ner you describe, is cortrary to the spirit of
the charter, and subver..ivp to the best inter
ests of civil service. The merit system was in
troduced into the charter with the main idea
of removing the city's affairs from political in
fluence. The Civil Service Commission, there
fore earnestly recommends that all civil serv
ice appointees shall refrain from participation
in partisan politics./ ; . . •
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers wrote a communication yesterday to
Charles Cosgrave. a copyist in the Hall of
Records^ In which he Is informed that the
board will not countenance any active In
terest in politics on the part of civil ser
vice appointees. Cosgrave had written
to the b/aard requesting, information
whether the commission had any objec
tion to appointees of the commission tak
ing an active Interest in Federal, Stato or
municipal politics, that is. joining dubs
and holding office in the same, participate
fng in parades and subscribing money to
.parry them out.
In Its reply the commission
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The Chilean TrainingBShip
General Baquedauo Is
. ;. : : !,in' Port.: S::*c : ; $*.£
Making Her Maiden Voyage Partly
Around the World With a Num-i %
ber cf Midshipmen and .. r v.-v
Apprentices Aboard.
1^ E Chilean training * hip' ; Q?n? rai |
: Baquedano arrived from Esquiihi^tv
ji B - C., yesterday. She Is bark^rigeed,
but has auxiliary machinery that cHa
drive her at a speed of thirteen knots. /:
The General Baquedano is a. new vessel
on her rnalden voyage. She was built, at
NewcasUe-on-Tyne to the order ot : the
Govet«tnent of Chile and went into com
mission in April last. She sailed ' from
Talcuanho for Easter Island on April 23
¦with a crew of S2S all told. Of these
¦twenty-eight are midshipmen and 150 ap
prentices. --•¦".';'.::'¦-->¦.;•.•¦ '" • • ¦¦. ¦ . ¦¦¦: ".'•'¦:: - T V";
From Easter Island the General . Baque
dano went to British Columbia, tlieiice
carae to San Francisco. From this;;. port
*he win goto Yokohama via Honolulu, ;
and from there to Hongkong. From China '
the training ship will, po to Australia,
New Zealand; Fiji and then back to Val
paraiso, -the home port. ¦ ¦ ' '¦:'-¦ .'.-. '¦'¦. ¦¦¦' ¦
The officers of the General Baqu<^dano
are: ¦¦;¦.;¦¦.,/. ~ . ;: : ¦ ¦:¦.•:¦. ¦..;•;¦
AHuro Wilson,- poft. captain: Salustlo Val
<Se». commander; Luis naval instruc
tor; JSrauli.> iiaharaotidrt. Sorie Delano. Carlos
• Werd, Ku3eni» Hrrazuris. Kciniiml) Kaetman.
.llcT;t.-na.r.ts-; I5ertturd'> ltKjutlnje, Miguel A, Uo-
Jas. sul-liei:l«nants; Ktiriyup Hummers. /L,\-mt-\
Ita1-v, ¦ Kraftcisyo e. Mt-ruio, Kduariio tJanJara,
¦ BmiVno iJeJitado. R..n;lho Uutit-rrtz. Lui» Ar
lwid Eben. -Vlxlon J>iaz. (tevaldo Oairtro. L«uis.
L3vi:>, Hiinarl'in Ti'm-s, ' OtvaWo Araya, ; Jo»e
iv Muiioz. GuiU^rjno Sartori. LuiR A. ; Itecerra,.
Arturo Vidal, «"arlc» Hravo, Humborto -Cjir
]i~, EnriqueO;6ta, Klavio Araya ; Luis A.
K^oibar Kodolfo Fuer,t«i. Pedro M: Borquox.
Itafael Ituiz, Ff lire VV'lepand. Carlos Krugr and
Arturo A5y*'lt», rnidFliii-mpn ; Dr. Jose Monrreal
Maiin. j ayr-iastw; IIkoj**! J>uis Alvarez, chief
engineer; Juan A. OallPSTifUos and ThlrS Af
t-iMF.tit Kns:i"«*rs Francitpo Cha\«"E and Fran-. .
c:s=io FJiritis. ' . •'.'• •¦¦.'¦' :-.' ...¦ . t
Captain Wilson of the General Baque
dano is well known to the officers of the
Am»rjcan navy. He served two years as
a .lieutenant on Vncle Sam's warships and
¦ is a graduate of Anr.apoliF. When the ola
. i'cnsacola was in t'ommif=sion he was one
of her officer.*, and his first visit yester
day was to Captain Glass and the old
training ship. •" ¦ :. : ' .-":...-..¦
The last time a Chilean warship was in
this port was In 18S7. when the training
ship Pileomayo arrived her from Valpa
raiso and remained about two weeks In
thp stream. The General Baquedano will
leave bcre onAugutt 10. . ! : ':~- .. ¦•'¦•
Panama Steamer Arrives. , ;.
The Mail Company's steamer City of 1
Fjdney arrived from Panama and way
ports vest erda.y. She brings no news of
the rebeUlea pi Colombia and everything
was quiet at. Panama when the vessel
sailed. The cabin passengers on the City
of Sydney were: . : . -; ~... ¦'¦:
¦Ullliam Pratt, CT.arles H. Mllner, Edward
H. ColTty. Jaru**s H. CJreenfleld. Maxima Santa
<"ruz. Senora Santa CYuz. Emil Iilrschberg,
Fr«"lric-f> Visciano. Mis? Maye Tabor. Mrs. John
Biven, Louis Kaiser. John Racy^ Blven. Maye
Bl«n, William T. Kob'.ne^n. Hr^ Kiiscr. Ku
p^nlo Uildcbrand, Mrs. Hildebxand and Julio
.lindcbrand.- • ¦ •; . • ¦
BeMdes these she brought up eleven
st»-»"Tage passoncera, nine Chinese and
K:.1.3T*i in treasure. Louis Kaiser is the
United States Consul at Mazatlan. ,i .
Movements of the Transports.; :
The Meade sails . to-dav at noon '-'it or
Taku. China. She will take away a bat
talion of the Fifteenth Infantry, a squad
ron of the Third Cavalry and a company;
cf engineers. The ship will be rushed
across the Pacific, and it is expected that
th*» tronps will be landed on Chinese soil
insM* <it three weeks. ; . ••: .;•••>•-
The transport Warren is to have her.
cabin accommodation remodeled before
. che sails for the Philippines again. Be
ginning to-morrow all the men will live
ashore and the carpenters will jro to work-
As the Warr«i is now she can carry more
troops than the big vessels, but there. is
¦litUfc or no cabin accommodation. This
will be rectified and the carpenters :will
work night ar.d day for the next week
I In oird*r to g«t the accommodation into
propc-r. shape. ¦ • ¦ .. .. : . .
/..• ; Water front Notes,. '¦'•:. V :
The mall 5tf>amer Alameda cjune down
from the sugar refinery last nignt and the
work ,;f loading her for the return run to
Australia will begin to-day. Captain
Howard asserts that in spite of the quar
aijtine the mail boat will be loaded and
r^idy to sail on schedule time if the mails
ar<> not late..- . • • . ! -.
Tho jieaner llanauense has lost her
hoodoo and is now one of the crack boats
on the coast, : She came down from Na
naimo. B. C, in ?ixty-eight hours, after <
one «>f 'the: b«?t run.« of the season from
Nome, and during the trip averaged 302*
' jtnots during one twenty •'•four hours. She
woiiM make a good boat for Uncle Sam's
interisland trade in the Philippines..
The Ivimball StPamshlp ¦ Company's
John S. Kimball will have her trial trip
n*»xt. Saturday. Bh*» is one- of the haiidr
pomept trends ever built on the coast
and beryownen expect her. to do better
than fourtr-e-n knots. .¦ •' '•:¦'¦ ." ' ¦
Capiain \V. <i. Ix-nTe of the Caroline is'
once more bar-k at his'posti? He and his
family ppo-nt thflr va cai Ion. at Inverness. :
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ;AUGTJST 1, 1900.
7
Cameras, photographic -supplies, books
on 'photogifaphy and-books for- unmounted
photographs. " Printing*/ and •' developing
done In the. latest styles.; Sanborn, Vail:
&. Co.; 741 Market street.- : . . •¦: •/
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell a Candidate for
Congress From the Fourth Districts -
The Fourth is the district in which the
doctor has always beaten" his opponents
for every office for which he has :been a
candidate, two to one. -• ; : '-.-.¦ . : ¦¦ :-. = ¦•:."
.:.., Hole's. \ -Hale'sl | .-;;"' Hale's.
I meriting and meeting success, I
i W: ; /; is ihrneriting success, we have merited A
m.- success by invariably selling good goods at the lowest prices «
consistent a new and finer store has become imperative, -and ¥
'&.: with this grand new store nearing completion the determina- Hfc
tion becomes more fixed that the goods now in the bid store W
;;shall be quickly sold in the old store. ; A
§i. Hale's -present stock of good goods is being sacrificed— i§
;^^|jH^ga^rj^^a^J record is being made—^the opportunity tp eh- 2 1?
A hance the purchasing power of your dollar 25 to \ 00 per
:>|P cent becomes :aii actual fact. j
¦Wr- complete lines for school and for wear at removal sale prices. ]f
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I
¦^^¦No Plates Required. W&J
OUR RKMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beiautlful an»l fiurable. AVarranted 10 years.
Our $5 -Plates fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patented
anil used by no other dentist on the Paclnc
Cpart.- ¦•': : • . . • ¦ ¦
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS I
Painless Extraction 2Sc
Removable Bridge work $3.OO
ArnalBam : BOc
' - .Mrs, : Dr. '¦ R- L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's tcetl. — painlessly.
DR. Ft. L.. W/ALSM. •
S15?i GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk U3S.
X-RAY X-R A Y\: . X- n A Y
¦:"¦' -. . : :.-" : By ouf x-ray, exam-'
.:. rSrrf^yft,^;^ . IN ATIOXS .we..: locate the
¦ . "¦ ¦ trouMe ; .thrbuBh: any'.pori
' - .S^SiSSScWPa^'rt tl ° n - - Df •• th;e - '¦- b 0^' » e^n^ '
' : i r : uSf.iiaVftPwifl tKe.-parne and making pho-
: • J^^r.'b-*^ sr'i-'S tokfapha' at ¦ the : patient's .
' : -'"TO£3f" riFi *tj£jv> ' feijuest. ' .Diseases' 'of'
' »SiSTv?'if?l I -vMeh. and Chjl-..
' S l2w*rir^-t'«-H I •• dren;' Nervous Prostration.'
: . - fl fc*r"-!?vi- JUJtif -Mental ¦ Failure "and '. p'e-
: ;3J T5j?*? ' presslbn.- Cancer', and 'Con--
¦': ¦'•«?V.lFin'"iCUM* • sumption. Blood. Jiidriey,
. : EjU&iti-jfc*'-'*;- Skin. Heart, Liver.. Rh«-u-
' ' : «**J7|. . «j— r-^' matlsmand Piles, -By Our
' .?* '. ! X-Ray treatment we cure
"• .-.-;' • .,' . . ' -n-hen ex-erythlnij else falls.
Indorsed now by the- whole scientific world, j
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Europe.
1019 Market Street, San Francisco
¦ . Professional Advice Free. ¦ !
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
' Travelers from* every, portion of the ' ¦
globe show their appreciation ot the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters ; when -¦. visiting San
' Francisco. -
Connected by a covered passageway
and'- operated under .one' manaie-
1 ment on the American and European r
plans. ¦" ..-.,-¦ - ""-: _'.-¦. -°.»- •.. ;
A ' CMICHE«TER'S ENQUSH' ¦
PEKNYROYAC P8LLS
H i/VV '• -Orlalnnl •nn Only Gennlnc.
tlwaj'rellahle. Ladles uk Drarrfrt
*'A$ tor CIIICHKSTER'S ENGLISH
£j<^3^J#O. i n jji;>» a n4 Gold meuUle boxe>. walel '
¦ T?V -~-\^?« with bla< "bBon. Tak« no other. Kefhsa
T?$ 5K» ¥vj ftatserou* i^ubulitutlon* and Iralta-
|"/.~. ; fff tlomu Bay «f ytntK. Oragjlit. or Mnd 4e. ia -
!»¦' Jjf «umpt.for I'artleular*. TecttmonlaU
\ *B* ' "fc» "il'JRellef fi>r l.Bdlen,".n («:«•, bj rc
,.^J.--y -lora UlIU 1 ».«M»O TrnimoaisU.-SoMbr
N— —I ¦ an DrnsiiM*- ¦ t'hlcheater Cbemleal Co-
, 4IentioD till* pai>«. UadUun tfuimrc 1'IitLA.. PA,
,;•;¦¦ v>';-? ; .--.MED-1CA1L":' '-'• ;:; -
'".'¦ /FORTHE . ¦..:•-' : '
BI.OOP*IHVERaUMGS;[
AMUSEMENTS.
ANARCHY
IN ITALY. COMEDY AT THE CALIFORNIA
THEATER.
DUNNE &-RYL.EVS ALL-STAR CAST. (
In Their Last but One. Presenting
MATHEWS & BULGER In the Vaudeville
¦ ' Operetta, .
OYTHE SAD SEA \A//\VES
Next Sunday ; Night. FAREWELL WEEK.
Reappearance of WALTER JONES and M1S3
MAUDE COURTNEY and the . Entire Com-
Pan "THE NIGHT . OF THE FOURTH."
Sunday Afternoon. August 12th, and Week
Commencing Monday. August 13th.
•THE BROWNIES IN FAIBYLAND."
Sunday Night. August 12th. Grand Farewell
Performance of the All-Star Cast in.*'RX>SH
CITY.V ' ;•¦ ;.,-¦'. ' ¦ -.. .'". . ' ¦ '¦¦'¦¦••
MATINEE TOrDAY,- WEDNESDAY,: . AUG. . 1.
Parquet, .25c; any. seat; Balcony.. 10c;. CbiK
dren, : 10c, any. part. .' '}"' ¦ : '¦ ',-"/ ''/'.'-.'¦'' .¦'!¦¦'. .¦ ' ¦¦
MR, A>fD MRS." JOHN MASON. IIIRU
-•.;•', -;(Katherine.qrey). : :'; .:-. '-.: -- niOll*-..
THE ST. ONGE BROTHERS. • -i-.n-
ZELMA RAWLSTON. ;''..;. I -: GRADE
NICHOLS SISTERS. ! : :;...:.,.. ... :
STjLLIVAN AND WEBBER. ; V - VAllflP
MAziE.KiNa' ;':•¦¦;•'. :?s ; v .v : ":Hv..''*:"M ut-
JESgIE.:PADGHAM.:V 'C '.V'"' '•' wii i r l'
LORD AND ROWE. ; ! . : ; . . :; : > V I LLt •
THE ,A1! ERIC AN! BIOQRAPH. : , '.- ..'¦¦'.. ¦¦:'.} -.:¦¦'
Walter Morosco.'..<...t(ol»' Lessee 'and ilanajer .
BRILLIANT TRIUMPH OF
"THE RED LAMP."
Beerbohm Tree's Great London Success.
PRICES— 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c.
Saturday Matinee— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY. •
"^ All This Week— Matinee Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRYMILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the Comedy-Drama Success
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
By Leo Trevor.
Next One Week Only, >. ¦¦
"HEARTSEASE."
This ' Thursday 'Afternoon and Sunday Night.
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
• - Subject— "ROUND ABOUT PARIS."
*TIV9LI*
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT 7 l TC'NIGHT TO-NIGHT
"Friday and Saturday Evenings,
Llchter,' Graham; Avedano, Salassa, ' NIcollnl,
'.',¦-.'= .... ; .: Schuster:;, .;'.•; *
„ TO-MORROW FV-NING— '
.: ': Sunday - Night . and Saturday Matinee. ¦%'
Repetto,Rusao, : Ferrart., NIcollnl. ; Schuster. etc.,
.•••ypPTJLAR. PRICES— 2Sc ana.'50e.' • "
;,...-."': ¦ ;¦ •";'., -Telephone,^ Bush 9. •.?' \'\-° .
tHJJT ES M^OP^^ 8
GANNON^ THE FAT SAN;
'. • LA LISTA, Fipa Pane;r; = '
¦.-"-¦ THE UNTAMABLE UOJf-ACT.'-' '
"'Scenes ..of '• the-. Ho.fcofeen steamship fife. ., .
* -TO-MORROW- NIGHT— THE. AMATEtiRS .
.'and a' LADIES': BASKET BALL' CONTEST. ."
. " = Telephone for. -seats. Park 23.
AMUSEMENTSw
TO-NIGHT £™TIRE WEEK.
TH ?oRiTE 7=IO/?EiVC£
SupDorted by WHITE WHITTLESET.
RQMEO^
JULIET! Dr
K«tt Week, by Reqaert— "THE COtTNTRT
girl." . . ; ' .- '¦ .••; v : -": : v: :•:-.;,:¦;:;¦;: -r--- ¦•:
Of V'fl/f JF*f A m 'BOOT. ST..
vJL* M EwMM^i A\ cofl,MAso«
THE O.NLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
,-.,' .-.v .; ,_.-, THE^CITT. :.:O;'. ;:./.. : : :/
Professor Conradi's
LIVING STATUARY
Paris In fan Francisco and the Greatest Exhi-
bition tho Golden, "West Has Ever S««n.
J : BASCO; AND RICE,
-¦'; ' ' : Comedians, mqd !the Funniest Yet.
ANP OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT.
v y : .MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
- : : :AMATEXni NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
':¦- ¦'', : ... . .' :>X>MISSIQN FREE.
FT SCHFR'S concert house.
riOVJIlEiR Q Admission lOo. ; :
DEETS AND DON: MAE TTJNISON; JEAN.
ETTE LEWIS. Comedienne; AGNES FRIED.
Soprano: LITTLE ALMA WtTTHRICH.
.: Singer and Dancer; Reappearance of MR.
•EDWARD B. ADAMS; and New Movinsr Plc-
- tures.. Matinee Sunday. Reserved Seau. .23c.
v i\ /¦ SUTRO BATHS
;••¦¦• OPEN ••""¦.*¦ . XI0HT3.
-. .Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 -p. ra. ' .
. Batbins from 7 a. m. to 10 p- m. .
ADMISSION. 10c. CHIX.DREN.5cl
Pathlrsr. including admission 25e. Chlldrerr We.
» \ - . ¦ - * '.-¦'•
DR. PIERCE'S 5U& Guarantjed
ELECTRIC to be the
BELT. rir BEST.
We have belts as low aa |>. same as other*
sell at much higher prices, but the/ are not
"DR. PIERCE' S." I* you want the BEST, a
belt -that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces in a short time, and which. may
be had at a moderate price, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-c«nt stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address: ."¦ • •
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
¦ 62O Market Street. San Francisco.
3 Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
DR. WONG WOO,
Chinese Tea and Herb Sanl- I
tarium. 764-7C6 Clay st., San wP J
Francisco. Cat All diseases cured rL* 7'
exclusively by Chinese herbs. Afe\^^"
Advice free. Hours. 9 toll a. ><5«jBl$X
m.. 1 to 3. 7 to 9 p. ca. * 0 vst'f** y £\9
San Francisco. January 2. 13C0. T/fJ.f^f.SyV
I had a very serious attack of '©¦ip<*i>* 11
consumption and my feet were so swollen that
It was with difficulty I could walk. The doctors
In the hosDltaU could not Ktve me any rellej
for n*n« weeks. I. was persuaded to co to the
we'.t-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo. and
In three months I was completely cured and In
perfect health, baring gained 25 pounds la
weight. I have reach p'easure In recommend-
ing hlan to any one raftering tn any way what-
ever. JAKOB RAUCli. UVi Freelon at. city.
ywvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvwvvw -
J£y>ab? injection. I
I A PERMANENT CURE |
. ] i of the mont obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ? •
? and Gleet, KQaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
¦ ' 5 ' days : bo other treatment required. 'S° '•
' . C '. " • Sold by all drngsists. ' C
Weekly Call, $1 >er Year
B£3 'gi"' «' ¦¦ O : -•V'Vl'v' ¦ i I MADE C^ %&£*£
UK Stylish Suit for *y.;,Tfto.iDEw m^,
p^Q jj uit-; Ays coats Arv/ I r Sgg«
j^^J Thirty years of ,suc<c??fu '¦'•tailoring enables :ne to _
j^^S "'. know exactly how to : make, good guits-^suits that
. " are perfect in every detail. Gome in and look at ¦ J^^>
samples of the newest and bvst goods. for fall wear. SkII
,. ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦iicpit. SYSTE1W
IS SUPERB.
v Country houses, hotels, flats,
completely furnished, with free
delivery. ,";;* .'-'.¦¦•'•/xV-V ••.•;;•
BHIt-LIANT'S;
A 338-340-342 POST STi, v -^ *
Open EvenJntw." • : .• Mear Powell..-
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., curedhy
ESPIC'S 1 CIGARETTES; :or POWDER
I»rii. . /. ESP10 ; Hnr > York, E.; FOUGER A * CO '
¦.'¦ '-"•¦¦¦^ boi;d:'by v alL.'druggists.
:¦•:¦•.- ."-:.•¦•¦; : : ¦ *<'' -W-'. '¦. :-Owing to the Supreme Court decision
declaring the Stratton primary law - un
constitutional, i the board, rescinded' all
contracts for primary election stationery
and construction of booths. . ¦ ' .• ,-
The". followVig named . clerks - were
dropped, as the registration has fallen off
one-half: A.; A. Gamier,, Frank Rettlng
stein. Henry F. Dunn, J. E. Mnrphy,:K.'
K. Harmon. E. J.. Smith., J. M.. Miller, P.
T. O'Brien, W. F. -Harris and . A.-.-H.
Brown/ " -r - : . ••o c •¦
Registrar/ Walsh recommended to.; the
Board of Election Commissioners yester
day that C06 deputies be appointed to con
duct precinct; registration v on September
8. 15 and 22. The • appointments will be
made. this morning- ¦ .- - < .- -//.:¦
PREPARATIONS MADE FOR
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
Unsuccessful Bidder Claims Board of
Works Did Not Comply With
Charter.
The Otis K:evator Company has filed a
protest with the Board of Public Works
againft the oomrcct for placing the new
electric elevator in the City Hall being en
tered ¦ into with W. I... Holman. The
ground for the protest is th;tt th«» notice
calling for biris was fatally defective, as
It flid not comply with the charter, which
require* a genf-ral descriptlrn of the
work to be done, the materials? to be fur
nished and tho time within vhlch the
work is to be commenced. Tie protest
continue.*:
"Each bidder submitted a different de
fdpn for grill work on the elevator, and
•Fuch desisrns were considered byti e board
In "detrrjnininsr wlto was. the low-sf'-Wd
<ler. Inrtead of the board submitting plans
to the bidders, the latter submltfex? plans
to the: board. :• The gentleman to- whom
yeas awarded the contract- did Tiot'a^com
pany.hfs.bjd with a cbfrrk; whJchvtt con
trary to the , charter ; *«quIr^meDts7' ;•;.. - • : ,
AWARD OF ELEVATOR ;/::.
CONTRACT IS OPPOSED
Owner of a Building Ordered to Cease
-. ; . Operations — Architect
: "• Appointed.
The Board of Public Works directed the
Chief of Police yesterday to order opera
tions to cease on a building now In course
of construction on Serpentine avenue, off
Twenty-sixth street, between Mission
and Howard, and belonging to B. • P.
Hellwlg. A permit was inadvertently
issued by the Bureau- of Streets on Mon
day lsst for the erection of the building.
The board was Informed that the act of
the Legislature approved March 16, 1878,
closed Serpentine avenue and authorized
the sale of .the street land. The Mayor
was empowered to give the necessary
deeds, but it is understood by the board
that no deeds have been executed and the
land is now supposed to be the property
of the city. The Bureau of Streets will
cancel the permit and the ctwner will be
instructed to vacate the property.
William Mooser was appointed architect
of .the Board of Public Works yesterday
at a salary of J100 per month. He will
only devote a portion of his time to the
duties of the position. He will examine
all. plans for buildings and will be at the
disposal, of all departments of the board.
MUST NOT BUILD ON • -
. SERPENTINE AVENUE
President Freud of the Board of Civil
Service Commissioners requested that the
board place six gas jets, at a cost of $50,
in certain rooms of the Girls' High School
for the next examination. In return Mr.
Freud pledget! his commission, at Cas
serly's-suggestion, to prepare for a civil
service examination for public school
janitor, to be held next month.
Webster submitted a resolution request-
Ing the Chief of Police to continue Patrol
man C. T. Merchant as a truant officer
of the department, .by reason of his good
record. The board declined to adopt the
resolution. -however, as it- did not desire
to Interfere with, the prerogatives of the
Police Department.
Grammar schools of thl» department for the
year 1900-1901 shall be. such schools as had
during the fiscal year terminating June. 1900.
at least three different grammar grades and an
average dally attendance of 175 grammar pupils.
Classes containing pupils of grades from the
j--ncond to. the sevt-nth, both inclusive, shall con
sist of an enrollment of not' more 'than fifty
nor less than forty pupils, provided that at no
Urr.e shall tni* number of pupils enrolled ex
ceed the. number* of desks for their accommo
dation.
Classes conlaininsr pupils of th» first or the
elshth or the advanced eighth grades shall
consist of not less than thirty nor mor« than
forty-five pupils enrolled.
• : Superintendent.'. ; Webster... 'protested
against the rule of .the board- which re
quires- • an.' enTollmehf. of '.flfty-flye: ' lii
classes! . He- ..stated that -it would b'<S;iniT
possible-.to carry .out: the rule to' the .strict
letter, as some classrooms, had accommo
dations for less than fifty. He also'.. said:
that, the function of the Board of-Educa^
tion granted it by. the State law to clas
sify grades had been taken away from ,lt
under the new charter; that according to
section Iitf3 of the Political Code the
County Superintendent of Schools had
Fole authority to grade schools, and this,
was backed by several court decisions
which he quoted. He then submitted the
following schedule as his order, which
was placed on file:
Director Denman said that the board
had transferred grammar grades from the
Grant School because they were not up
to the standard of enrollment, which had
been fixed . at fifty-five pupils per class.
Superintendent Webster action
taken immediately, so the parents could
be informed this morning, what they: were
to dp with their children,;, but the board
decided to tako the matter under advise
ment and give a reply to the petition of
ithe parents at Its earliest convenience. It
agreed to rectify any mistake that might
have been; made.': .•• ¦ •" : ¦ ¦' -.-¦ -.-. ". ¦ : .
The last sentence in /the protest ap
peared to hurt the : sensibilities of the
School Directors, and as it was deemed
objectionable was withdrawn. by Some, of
the signers, who were present.: -Attorney
Ach explained that It would he a hard
ship to force parents to send their pupils
to a school which was in some cases fif
teen blocks away from their, homes. He
for one would not send, his child to. the
Pacilic Heights School, the drainage, of
which he paid was unhealthy. He claimed
there 'was plenty of room at .the Grant
School, though seventy pupils were sent
away from it yesterday. William Koss
and Livingston Jenks addressed the board
on the same lines.
The rpsol ut Ion passed ' by- your. ¦. honorable
bnard transfcrrirg the sixth, -seventh and
tlfhtii grades of primary *eh<x>Is cast: of Cen
tral avenue and north of Twphty-j>lxth street'
to the nearest grammar school has caused a
great deal of dissatistactfon. espectallj- among
parents t>f -children who attend "the:' Grant
School. We as taxpayers fail to see wherein
anything can be gained, by the ..tmnafer of
grammar grade pupils. If the classes are in
creased in the l'acinc Heights or
Schools the work of the teachers' must be In
creased " unduly and the. pupils suffer. In pro
portion and be denied the time and attention
(riven to pupils in- less crowded classes. .We
hope you will reconsider ' the resolution and
avoid the necessity of testing In the courts
the question as to whether or. not your board
appointed under the new charter is a legally
constituted body. ' •' ' ;. ..
; A number of parents of children who at
tend the Grant Primary School "appeared
¦before .:the Board; of Education yesterday
to. protest . aKftinst •: the- transfer of gram
mar grade pui'ils^ of that school to the
Pacific Heights School!: : A written protest
signed by several- 'taxpayers. .was present
ed, which reads in' part, as follows:- .".¦:
Superintendent Webster Submits a
New Ciassincatiori--Examinati6n
'.¦'. • v -/for Janitors Will { Be : ; '/
¦ ¦':'¦'¦; V ..•¦!•:•¦-'•' : 'Held Soon.'-'.- .V'.o l- ? ; •:•' '!..'
Taxpayers- Ask Directors to
; :: Rescind i Rule Affecting; ;
(r rant* School.
BARENTS OBJECT
TO TRANSFER OF
GRAMMAR PUPILS
Cahn, Nlckelsburg & Co. have taken the
lead in making prottst. They are particu
larly concerned by reason of the provis
ions affecting the Invoicing of shoes. It
Is made mandatory that the number of
pairs of : shoes respectively for men,
women and children shall be set forth;
also the net weipht in kilos of the shoes,
excluding the packing Inside and outside;
the net weight in kilos of the cartons or
small boxes inside and the gross weight
In kilos with packing inside and outside.
For tanned leathers the net and gross
weights in kilos must be specified.
"The Custom-house," so the regulations
read, "considers shoes for men being of
the measure of 23 ospanol." What that
means not a shoe manufacturer or dealer
In. shoes in San Francisco can tell; never-,
theless, the regulations run against them,
¦upon goods now -actually -'^crossing the
ocean and beyond possibility of being
measured and weighed in compliance
with the new rules. The regulations, so
it' i;s Just learned -here, went into, effect
June-1. • Some .trouble'-'must have, been
caused already and more will ensue.un
less the authorities, at Washington, see
the: injustice and' give some-relief.- . :
• • In Its letter to' Secretary -Root- the! firm
Qf-Cahn; • NIckelsbtlrg & Cq. . sets forth
that since the .United- States' has taken
possession of the Philippines a trade in
American-made shoes has been started,
and If there is no' increase in customs re
strictions it is quite sure that the business
will grow to large proportions! The hope
was expressed that nothing more than
the gross weight of, the package need be
specified in the Invoice and that the
customs rates on shoes may be as low
as possible to . promote the use on tho
Islands of American-made goods.
. The injustice threatened has led certain
prominent business men in San Francisco
to enter into 'correspondence with Secre
tary Root "of the War Department , and
also with. the olHcials at Manila, making
protest and asking for relief. . Pacilic
Coast manufacturers and merchants doing
business with the Philippine Islands are
hampered. ' The customs regulations ap
plied to the Philippines are more exacting
than- those of Cuba. This furnishes ad
ditional reason for local dissatisfaction.
¦-¦_ Cqpies of the. regulations have only, just
reached : this CityV: Goods are' oh the. way
that started: fttr Manila before there, was
any knowledge: pbtalnable:: here that new
legal, conditions '.were to be met."'"-, •'. -. :
A free translation of regulations recent
ly, promulgated at Manila Indicates that
innocent: consignees of wares .trorh : San
Francisco may be '.heavily . fined ; for riot
following the impossible provision of the
regulations that certain wares must be in
voiced to show the weight . .with . and
without casing. If there is any difference
between the statements In the invoice, and
the facts ascertained upon, the arrival of
the ; goods at Manila, there wlll.be fines
and charges; to pay, ¦ '¦¦ :: -:'.-' : ¦'.'¦¦'¦¦'¦I-
Cargoes Now Afloat May Be Cause of
;. '¦;¦ Unjust ¦'!¦ Fines— Secretary: ; of ..; ' -.
.;. ':.;. : War Root : Has : Been : ; : ¦
: ¦ . ; ; ;¦ Appealed Tolv '¦.]'¦}'¦¦¦¦'¦.. '¦
Customs Regulations- Likely
V'fo" Hamper Trade WitK ..
'^j ' \- -: ¦ 'k ¦ 'Manila. . ' ' • - "
SAN FRANCISCO
MANUFACTURERS
ENTER PROTEST
THE CHILEAN itRAS^G ism
CANNOT TAKE
ACTIVE PART
IN POLITICS
Civil Service Commission
•I ; Issues ilrder to Its:
Appointees; J V ¦
Employed.
With. Mayor^ Shows a Large
fit Number of Eligibles
Semi- Annual Report of Board Filed
Copyist— March 14. l?00: applicants, 575; ex
amined, 4C0; passed, 1S1; failed, ,279; -appoint
ed. J6. . .•¦ ' : ¦;•."..••.
Sewer Cleaner— March 3Q. 1900; applicants. 12S;
eramined, : 115; passed. M; failed. 21; appolnt-
StenngTapher and TypewHter-^Aprll 2. \ 1900;
cpplifiants, i2: examined. .SB; passed, 16; failed,
20: appointed, h. . • •' • ¦¦:'¦'.¦¦:.'¦'¦]'' '
Court PtenoKrapher— April 2, 1900; appUcatits,
8. ¦: ejtajnincd,.. 7; passed. 5;: failed, 2; appoint-;
Ordjnarj- Clerk— June 15. 1?00: applicants, 686;
examined,' 435: passed, 152; .failed; .:2S4; ap
poiiited;UiT~ • '¦:¦:¦ ¦•' •¦: . :•' : • ' ¦' • •¦ ¦ • '•
• ¦ Examinations heJd, 5; : applicants examined,
1054;' applicants passed. ,448^ appUcants failed,'
606; percentace-ijf faifures. ; : 57.49; -eUglbles em
ployed,'-ill J laborers : employed, -3?. ¦ • ,".'.- :
The board filed yesterday with the
Mavor its semi-annual report covering the
operations of the department for the last
six months. After a brief history of the
proceedings in organizing for business the
report pays a high compliment to the pub
lic-spirited action of the Merchants' Asso
ciation in volunteeering substantial as
sistance. High praise is also accorded the
public school teachers who volunteered to
mark the examination papers, and to all
who in any way assisted the commission.
The report concludes with a tabulated
statement of the date of examinations,
number of applicants, number examined,
number passed, number failing and num
ber appointed, as follows:. •.-.
The Civil Service Commission is of the opin
ion that the active participation of civ;i %erv
ice ai>r*ointe« > s In partisan politics, in the man
ner you describe, is cortrary to the spirit of
the charter, and subver..ivp to the best inter
ests of civil service. The merit system was in
troduced into the charter with the main idea
of removing the city's affairs from political in
fluence. The Civil Service Commission, there
fore earnestly recommends that all civil serv
ice appointees shall refrain from participation
in partisan politics./ ; . . •
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers wrote a communication yesterday to
Charles Cosgrave. a copyist in the Hall of
Records^ In which he Is informed that the
board will not countenance any active In
terest in politics on the part of civil ser
vice appointees. Cosgrave had written
to the b/aard requesting, information
whether the commission had any objec
tion to appointees of the commission tak
ing an active Interest in Federal, Stato or
municipal politics, that is. joining dubs
and holding office in the same, participate
fng in parades and subscribing money to
.parry them out.
In Its reply the commission
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The Chilean TrainingBShip
General Baquedauo Is
. ;. : : !,in' Port.: S::*c : ; $*.£
Making Her Maiden Voyage Partly
Around the World With a Num-i %
ber cf Midshipmen and .. r v.-v
Apprentices Aboard.
1^ E Chilean training * hip' ; Q?n? rai |
: Baquedano arrived from Esquiihi^tv
ji B - C., yesterday. She Is bark^rigeed,
but has auxiliary machinery that cHa
drive her at a speed of thirteen knots. /:
The General Baquedano is a. new vessel
on her rnalden voyage. She was built, at
NewcasUe-on-Tyne to the order ot : the
Govet«tnent of Chile and went into com
mission in April last. She sailed ' from
Talcuanho for Easter Island on April 23
¦with a crew of S2S all told. Of these
¦twenty-eight are midshipmen and 150 ap
prentices. --•¦".';'.::'¦-->¦.;•.•¦ '" • • ¦¦. ¦ . ¦¦¦: ".'•'¦:: - T V";
From Easter Island the General . Baque
dano went to British Columbia, tlieiice
carae to San Francisco. From this;;. port
*he win goto Yokohama via Honolulu, ;
and from there to Hongkong. From China '
the training ship will, po to Australia,
New Zealand; Fiji and then back to Val
paraiso, -the home port. ¦ ¦ ' '¦:'-¦ .'.-. '¦'¦. ¦¦¦' ¦
The officers of the General Baqu<^dano
are: ¦¦;¦.;¦¦.,/. ~ . ;: : ¦ ¦:¦.•:¦. ¦..;•;¦
AHuro Wilson,- poft. captain: Salustlo Val
<Se». commander; Luis naval instruc
tor; JSrauli.> iiaharaotidrt. Sorie Delano. Carlos
• Werd, Ku3eni» Hrrazuris. Kciniiml) Kaetman.
.llcT;t.-na.r.ts-; I5ertturd'> ltKjutlnje, Miguel A, Uo-
Jas. sul-liei:l«nants; Ktiriyup Hummers. /L,\-mt-\
Ita1-v, ¦ Kraftcisyo e. Mt-ruio, Kduariio tJanJara,
¦ BmiVno iJeJitado. R..n;lho Uutit-rrtz. Lui» Ar
lwid Eben. -Vlxlon J>iaz. (tevaldo Oairtro. L«uis.
L3vi:>, Hiinarl'in Ti'm-s, ' OtvaWo Araya, ; Jo»e
iv Muiioz. GuiU^rjno Sartori. LuiR A. ; Itecerra,.
Arturo Vidal, «"arlc» Hravo, Humborto -Cjir
]i~, EnriqueO;6ta, Klavio Araya ; Luis A.
K^oibar Kodolfo Fuer,t«i. Pedro M: Borquox.
Itafael Ituiz, Ff lire VV'lepand. Carlos Krugr and
Arturo A5y*'lt», rnidFliii-mpn ; Dr. Jose Monrreal
Maiin. j ayr-iastw; IIkoj**! J>uis Alvarez, chief
engineer; Juan A. OallPSTifUos and ThlrS Af
t-iMF.tit Kns:i"«*rs Francitpo Cha\«"E and Fran-. .
c:s=io FJiritis. ' . •'.'• •¦¦.'¦' :-.' ...¦ . t
Captain Wilson of the General Baque
dano is well known to the officers of the
Am»rjcan navy. He served two years as
a .lieutenant on Vncle Sam's warships and
¦ is a graduate of Anr.apoliF. When the ola
. i'cnsacola was in t'ommif=sion he was one
of her officer.*, and his first visit yester
day was to Captain Glass and the old
training ship. •" ¦ :. : ' .-":...-..¦
The last time a Chilean warship was in
this port was In 18S7. when the training
ship Pileomayo arrived her from Valpa
raiso and remained about two weeks In
thp stream. The General Baquedano will
leave bcre onAugutt 10. . ! : ':~- .. ¦•'¦•
Panama Steamer Arrives. , ;.
The Mail Company's steamer City of 1
Fjdney arrived from Panama and way
ports vest erda.y. She brings no news of
the rebeUlea pi Colombia and everything
was quiet at. Panama when the vessel
sailed. The cabin passengers on the City
of Sydney were: . : . -; ~... ¦'¦:
¦Ullliam Pratt, CT.arles H. Mllner, Edward
H. ColTty. Jaru**s H. CJreenfleld. Maxima Santa
<"ruz. Senora Santa CYuz. Emil Iilrschberg,
Fr«"lric-f> Visciano. Mis? Maye Tabor. Mrs. John
Biven, Louis Kaiser. John Racy^ Blven. Maye
Bl«n, William T. Kob'.ne^n. Hr^ Kiiscr. Ku
p^nlo Uildcbrand, Mrs. Hildebxand and Julio
.lindcbrand.- • ¦ •; . • ¦
BeMdes these she brought up eleven
st»-»"Tage passoncera, nine Chinese and
K:.1.3T*i in treasure. Louis Kaiser is the
United States Consul at Mazatlan. ,i .
Movements of the Transports.; :
The Meade sails . to-dav at noon '-'it or
Taku. China. She will take away a bat
talion of the Fifteenth Infantry, a squad
ron of the Third Cavalry and a company;
cf engineers. The ship will be rushed
across the Pacific, and it is expected that
th*» tronps will be landed on Chinese soil
insM* <it three weeks. ; . ••: .;•••>•-
The transport Warren is to have her.
cabin accommodation remodeled before
. che sails for the Philippines again. Be
ginning to-morrow all the men will live
ashore and the carpenters will jro to work-
As the Warr«i is now she can carry more
troops than the big vessels, but there. is
¦litUfc or no cabin accommodation. This
will be rectified and the carpenters :will
work night ar.d day for the next week
I In oird*r to g«t the accommodation into
propc-r. shape. ¦ • ¦ .. .. : . .
/..• ; Water front Notes,. '¦'•:. V :
The mall 5tf>amer Alameda cjune down
from the sugar refinery last nignt and the
work ,;f loading her for the return run to
Australia will begin to-day. Captain
Howard asserts that in spite of the quar
aijtine the mail boat will be loaded and
r^idy to sail on schedule time if the mails
ar<> not late..- . • • . ! -.
Tho jieaner llanauense has lost her
hoodoo and is now one of the crack boats
on the coast, : She came down from Na
naimo. B. C, in ?ixty-eight hours, after <
one «>f 'the: b«?t run.« of the season from
Nome, and during the trip averaged 302*
' jtnots during one twenty •'•four hours. She
woiiM make a good boat for Uncle Sam's
interisland trade in the Philippines..
The Ivimball StPamshlp ¦ Company's
John S. Kimball will have her trial trip
n*»xt. Saturday. Bh*» is one- of the haiidr
pomept trends ever built on the coast
and beryownen expect her. to do better
than fourtr-e-n knots. .¦ •' '•:¦'¦ ." ' ¦
Capiain \V. <i. Ix-nTe of the Caroline is'
once more bar-k at his'posti? He and his
family ppo-nt thflr va cai Ion. at Inverness. :
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ;AUGTJST 1, 1900.
7
Cameras, photographic -supplies, books
on 'photogifaphy and-books for- unmounted
photographs. " Printing*/ and •' developing
done In the. latest styles.; Sanborn, Vail:
&. Co.; 741 Market street.- : . . •¦: •/
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell a Candidate for
Congress From the Fourth Districts -
The Fourth is the district in which the
doctor has always beaten" his opponents
for every office for which he has :been a
candidate, two to one. -• ; : '-.-.¦ . : ¦¦ :-. = ¦•:."
.:.., Hole's. \ -Hale'sl | .-;;"' Hale's.
I meriting and meeting success, I
i W: ; /; is ihrneriting success, we have merited A
m.- success by invariably selling good goods at the lowest prices «
consistent a new and finer store has become imperative, -and ¥
'&.: with this grand new store nearing completion the determina- Hfc
tion becomes more fixed that the goods now in the bid store W
;;shall be quickly sold in the old store. ; A
§i. Hale's -present stock of good goods is being sacrificed— i§
;^^|jH^ga^rj^^a^J record is being made—^the opportunity tp eh- 2 1?
A hance the purchasing power of your dollar 25 to \ 00 per
:>|P cent becomes :aii actual fact. j
¦Wr- complete lines for school and for wear at removal sale prices. ]f
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I
¦^^¦No Plates Required. W&J
OUR RKMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beiautlful an»l fiurable. AVarranted 10 years.
Our $5 -Plates fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patented
anil used by no other dentist on the Paclnc
Cpart.- ¦•': : • . . • ¦ ¦
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS I
Painless Extraction 2Sc
Removable Bridge work $3.OO
ArnalBam : BOc
' - .Mrs, : Dr. '¦ R- L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's tcetl. — painlessly.
DR. Ft. L.. W/ALSM. •
S15?i GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk U3S.
X-RAY X-R A Y\: . X- n A Y
¦:"¦' -. . : :.-" : By ouf x-ray, exam-'
.:. rSrrf^yft,^;^ . IN ATIOXS .we..: locate the
¦ . "¦ ¦ trouMe ; .thrbuBh: any'.pori
' - .S^SiSSScWPa^'rt tl ° n - - Df •• th;e - '¦- b 0^' » e^n^ '
' : i r : uSf.iiaVftPwifl tKe.-parne and making pho-
: • J^^r.'b-*^ sr'i-'S tokfapha' at ¦ the : patient's .
' : -'"TO£3f" riFi *tj£jv> ' feijuest. ' .Diseases' 'of'
' »SiSTv?'if?l I -vMeh. and Chjl-..
' S l2w*rir^-t'«-H I •• dren;' Nervous Prostration.'
: . - fl fc*r"-!?vi- JUJtif -Mental ¦ Failure "and '. p'e-
: ;3J T5j?*? ' presslbn.- Cancer', and 'Con--
¦': ¦'•«?V.lFin'"iCUM* • sumption. Blood. Jiidriey,
. : EjU&iti-jfc*'-'*;- Skin. Heart, Liver.. Rh«-u-
' ' : «**J7|. . «j— r-^' matlsmand Piles, -By Our
' .?* '. ! X-Ray treatment we cure
"• .-.-;' • .,' . . ' -n-hen ex-erythlnij else falls.
Indorsed now by the- whole scientific world, j
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Europe.
1019 Market Street, San Francisco
¦ . Professional Advice Free. ¦ !
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
' Travelers from* every, portion of the ' ¦
globe show their appreciation ot the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters ; when -¦. visiting San
' Francisco. -
Connected by a covered passageway
and'- operated under .one' manaie-
1 ment on the American and European r
plans. ¦" ..-.,-¦ - ""-: _'.-¦. -°.»- •.. ;
A ' CMICHE«TER'S ENQUSH' ¦
PEKNYROYAC P8LLS
H i/VV '• -Orlalnnl •nn Only Gennlnc.
tlwaj'rellahle. Ladles uk Drarrfrt
*'A$ tor CIIICHKSTER'S ENGLISH
£j<^3^J#O. i n jji;>» a n4 Gold meuUle boxe>. walel '
¦ T?V -~-\^?« with bla< "bBon. Tak« no other. Kefhsa
T?$ 5K» ¥vj ftatserou* i^ubulitutlon* and Iralta-
|"/.~. ; fff tlomu Bay «f ytntK. Oragjlit. or Mnd 4e. ia -
!»¦' Jjf «umpt.for I'artleular*. TecttmonlaU
\ *B* ' "fc» "il'JRellef fi>r l.Bdlen,".n («:«•, bj rc
,.^J.--y -lora UlIU 1 ».«M»O TrnimoaisU.-SoMbr
N— —I ¦ an DrnsiiM*- ¦ t'hlcheater Cbemleal Co-
, 4IentioD till* pai>«. UadUun tfuimrc 1'IitLA.. PA,
,;•;¦¦ v>';-? ; .--.MED-1CA1L":' '-'• ;:; -
'".'¦ /FORTHE . ¦..:•-' : '
BI.OOP*IHVERaUMGS;[
AMUSEMENTS.
ANARCHY
IN ITALY. COMEDY AT THE CALIFORNIA
THEATER.
DUNNE &-RYL.EVS ALL-STAR CAST. (
In Their Last but One. Presenting
MATHEWS & BULGER In the Vaudeville
¦ ' Operetta, .
OYTHE SAD SEA \A//\VES
Next Sunday ; Night. FAREWELL WEEK.
Reappearance of WALTER JONES and M1S3
MAUDE COURTNEY and the . Entire Com-
Pan "THE NIGHT . OF THE FOURTH."
Sunday Afternoon. August 12th, and Week
Commencing Monday. August 13th.
•THE BROWNIES IN FAIBYLAND."
Sunday Night. August 12th. Grand Farewell
Performance of the All-Star Cast in.*'RX>SH
CITY.V ' ;•¦ ;.,-¦'. ' ¦ -.. .'". . ' ¦ '¦¦'¦¦••
MATINEE TOrDAY,- WEDNESDAY,: . AUG. . 1.
Parquet, .25c; any. seat; Balcony.. 10c;. CbiK
dren, : 10c, any. part. .' '}"' ¦ : '¦ ',-"/ ''/'.'-.'¦'' .¦'!¦¦'. .¦ ' ¦¦
MR, A>fD MRS." JOHN MASON. IIIRU
-•.;•', -;(Katherine.qrey). : :'; .:-. '-.: -- niOll*-..
THE ST. ONGE BROTHERS. • -i-.n-
ZELMA RAWLSTON. ;''..;. I -: GRADE
NICHOLS SISTERS. ! : :;...:.,.. ... :
STjLLIVAN AND WEBBER. ; V - VAllflP
MAziE.KiNa' ;':•¦¦;•'. :?s ; v .v : ":Hv..''*:"M ut-
JESgIE.:PADGHAM.:V 'C '.V'"' '•' wii i r l'
LORD AND ROWE. ; ! . : ; . . :; : > V I LLt •
THE ,A1! ERIC AN! BIOQRAPH. : , '.- ..'¦¦'.. ¦¦:'.} -.:¦¦'
Walter Morosco.'..<...t(ol»' Lessee 'and ilanajer .
BRILLIANT TRIUMPH OF
"THE RED LAMP."
Beerbohm Tree's Great London Success.
PRICES— 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c.
Saturday Matinee— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY. •
"^ All This Week— Matinee Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRYMILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the Comedy-Drama Success
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
By Leo Trevor.
Next One Week Only, >. ¦¦
"HEARTSEASE."
This ' Thursday 'Afternoon and Sunday Night.
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
• - Subject— "ROUND ABOUT PARIS."
*TIV9LI*
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT 7 l TC'NIGHT TO-NIGHT
"Friday and Saturday Evenings,
Llchter,' Graham; Avedano, Salassa, ' NIcollnl,
'.',¦-.'= .... ; .: Schuster:;, .;'.•; *
„ TO-MORROW FV-NING— '
.: ': Sunday - Night . and Saturday Matinee. ¦%'
Repetto,Rusao, : Ferrart., NIcollnl. ; Schuster. etc.,
.•••ypPTJLAR. PRICES— 2Sc ana.'50e.' • "
;,...-."': ¦ ;¦ •";'., -Telephone,^ Bush 9. •.?' \'\-° .
tHJJT ES M^OP^^ 8
GANNON^ THE FAT SAN;
'. • LA LISTA, Fipa Pane;r; = '
¦.-"-¦ THE UNTAMABLE UOJf-ACT.'-' '
"'Scenes ..of '• the-. Ho.fcofeen steamship fife. ., .
* -TO-MORROW- NIGHT— THE. AMATEtiRS .
.'and a' LADIES': BASKET BALL' CONTEST. ."
. " = Telephone for. -seats. Park 23.
AMUSEMENTSw
TO-NIGHT £™TIRE WEEK.
TH ?oRiTE 7=IO/?EiVC£
SupDorted by WHITE WHITTLESET.
RQMEO^
JULIET! Dr
K«tt Week, by Reqaert— "THE COtTNTRT
girl." . . ; ' .- '¦ .••; v : -": : v: :•:-.;,:¦;:;¦;: -r--- ¦•:
Of V'fl/f JF*f A m 'BOOT. ST..
vJL* M EwMM^i A\ cofl,MAso«
THE O.NLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
,-.,' .-.v .; ,_.-, THE^CITT. :.:O;'. ;:./.. : : :/
Professor Conradi's
LIVING STATUARY
Paris In fan Francisco and the Greatest Exhi-
bition tho Golden, "West Has Ever S««n.
J : BASCO; AND RICE,
-¦'; ' ' : Comedians, mqd !the Funniest Yet.
ANP OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT.
v y : .MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
- : : :AMATEXni NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
':¦- ¦'', : ... . .' :>X>MISSIQN FREE.
FT SCHFR'S concert house.
riOVJIlEiR Q Admission lOo. ; :
DEETS AND DON: MAE TTJNISON; JEAN.
ETTE LEWIS. Comedienne; AGNES FRIED.
Soprano: LITTLE ALMA WtTTHRICH.
.: Singer and Dancer; Reappearance of MR.
•EDWARD B. ADAMS; and New Movinsr Plc-
- tures.. Matinee Sunday. Reserved Seau. .23c.
v i\ /¦ SUTRO BATHS
;••¦¦• OPEN ••""¦.*¦ . XI0HT3.
-. .Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 -p. ra. ' .
. Batbins from 7 a. m. to 10 p- m. .
ADMISSION. 10c. CHIX.DREN.5cl
Pathlrsr. including admission 25e. Chlldrerr We.
» \ - . ¦ - * '.-¦'•
DR. PIERCE'S 5U& Guarantjed
ELECTRIC to be the
BELT. rir BEST.
We have belts as low aa |>. same as other*
sell at much higher prices, but the/ are not
"DR. PIERCE' S." I* you want the BEST, a
belt -that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces in a short time, and which. may
be had at a moderate price, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-c«nt stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address: ."¦ • •
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
¦ 62O Market Street. San Francisco.
3 Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
DR. WONG WOO,
Chinese Tea and Herb Sanl- I
tarium. 764-7C6 Clay st., San wP J
Francisco. Cat All diseases cured rL* 7'
exclusively by Chinese herbs. Afe\^^"
Advice free. Hours. 9 toll a. ><5«jBl$X
m.. 1 to 3. 7 to 9 p. ca. * 0 vst'f** y £\9
San Francisco. January 2. 13C0. T/fJ.f^f.SyV
I had a very serious attack of '©¦ip<*i>* 11
consumption and my feet were so swollen that
It was with difficulty I could walk. The doctors
In the hosDltaU could not Ktve me any rellej
for n*n« weeks. I. was persuaded to co to the
we'.t-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo. and
In three months I was completely cured and In
perfect health, baring gained 25 pounds la
weight. I have reach p'easure In recommend-
ing hlan to any one raftering tn any way what-
ever. JAKOB RAUCli. UVi Freelon at. city.
ywvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvwvvw -
J£y>ab? injection. I
I A PERMANENT CURE |
. ] i of the mont obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ? •
? and Gleet, KQaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
¦ ' 5 ' days : bo other treatment required. 'S° '•
' . C '. " • Sold by all drngsists. ' C
Weekly Call, $1 >er Year
B£3 'gi"' «' ¦¦ O : -•V'Vl'v' ¦ i I MADE C^ %&£*£
UK Stylish Suit for *y.;,Tfto.iDEw m^,
p^Q jj uit-; Ays coats Arv/ I r Sgg«
j^^J Thirty years of ,suc<c??fu '¦'•tailoring enables :ne to _
j^^S "'. know exactly how to : make, good guits-^suits that
. " are perfect in every detail. Gome in and look at ¦ J^^>
samples of the newest and bvst goods. for fall wear. SkII
,. ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦iicpit. SYSTE1W
IS SUPERB.
v Country houses, hotels, flats,
completely furnished, with free
delivery. ,";;* .'-'.¦¦•'•/xV-V ••.•;;•
BHIt-LIANT'S;
A 338-340-342 POST STi, v -^ *
Open EvenJntw." • : .• Mear Powell..-
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., curedhy
ESPIC'S 1 CIGARETTES; :or POWDER
I»rii. . /. ESP10 ; Hnr > York, E.; FOUGER A * CO '
¦.'¦ '-"•¦¦¦^ boi;d:'by v alL.'druggists.
:¦•:¦•.- ."-:.•¦•¦; : : ¦ *<'' -W-'. '¦. :Ki^V . Oneidrljw a knife arw ¦ infitctea 'a,
Avouixd tn ¦ iCurtard-'js ' stomarK 4 C but 'the
point -6t \he weapon .niw broken against
th^ : white' man's watph when the; Japanese
tiie4 to stab' htnx the'" second time. The
JapaLnew hauled th "h4s net. : took all; his
fish ;arid his jvet as.Wi?]!. .and ended up bv!
tjeailriB „ h-fm .wrth.'a' car •¦until be. had c to
jurr.j* overboard.- "With his boat <. in tow
They Beat aiid Stab Him and Leave
•• = ; : '-'Hiia to- DrbWn! in Fraser .. .
¦%'¦ i-:; ; :\--iUTerA.. ¦"'¦ '.¦'-{; : -.;" \.
¦': t'ANX'OilN'ERv nljC July, in^ v: Rusr
.slan .Finn'; tiarhse^ Curtard ,*sis, ver>- seri
•ouslj-./'if "not -farajry;- .beaten = and stkb'bed
-by.-ifapaTie*e.': Tfishernjeii on .th^ P"raser
•jptiv.cr.last -eight. Curtard' is a dsherman
.ari«l started xhe ' rpi? ¦: by.. -? wearinR at the
Japanese for toreakinsr up : the; union in the
retienf • strike. . The j apanese resented :the
ihstdt and foiur. of . them Jumped' "Into. his
JAPANESE: FISHERMEN
V? v v yATTACk:^ WHITE MAN
Sr-^clai Di«r»atch. to .The. Call. '¦¦¦-.
SALINAS. JulySl.— ShertfT M. R. Keef
has received notification from the authori
ties of the State Prison at Foist>m that
the sentence of seven years of Jesus Gar
cia, sent to that institution from San
Benito County, will expire August 3. The
prisoner has a sentence of fiv< years to
serve in San Quentin upon the ...piration
of his terra at Kolaom, having been con
victed in this county, together with his
brother Tim, of the crime of highway rob
bery, committed in li£3, when the two men
stood Upland robbed a Chinaman named
Jim FurC Both brothers were convicted
ih-San Bcnito County of a felony and
Jesus w : as sentenced to seven years in
.Folsora and Tim to seven years in San
Querttin. After this sentence, they were
: brought to Salinas, where they were a train
cenviciod. Judge Porn sentenced tnem
both .to UnprXsonrnent In San Quentin.
i<nV;iiT Mb ;begin immediately up
: c«n' the -e-xpfr^tion of "their rirst "term.
:Shertff. -Kerf -'win leave Thursday f or : Fol
fpm .to! take, charge x>t Jesus and convey
¦ him lo San CJueniin. Tim being already
at that, place, will n«»t have to betrans
".ferred.; Uoih' have/five years to serve J>e
;'f-or*-'beirrg released' ;fro,m -.prison.' ¦'-. ¦>. - ' ;^
Jesus Garcia ': Complete^ a
Seven Tear. Term : to ;
Begin a Five. Year . .
':¦•- •¦ ' • -Sentence.! •• v:= : !.
POMFOLSOM : •
; TO SAN aUENTIN
TRAIN-WRECKER
SUSPECT IN JAIL
Monterey's Sheriff Receives
a Prisoner _ Rundown-. by^
• . ; Railway Sleuths. : ¦• : ; • ¦
Special-' Pispatch- %o: T ; he Call.
SALINAS. July 31.— It Is '.believed by the
Southern Pacific detectives, that they have
'at' -last 'captured;, the •.man.:'w:hp''has been.
trjin« to wreck trains 'on', the .campany's
division, south of this' city... and Sheriff
Keef of .this county has. i.n .custody. a sus
pect in the-" person; of ¦ the .dixty-iookihg
tf.amp.who was brought :up to baUnason.
the train this 'morni'iiR by. P.. Klniiolon; a.
Southern Pacitlc .detective. -•• ,.- ..;
' It. was -last Wednesday .night- : Xhat- the
main line of the Southern- 'Pacific track
at Soledad.-twerity miles south of here.,
was barricaded: .by means :of. side plates
fx>ine laid across- Ihe' rails and ¦ bolted
down sjecurely, while a switch was .un-.
iircked with- a key so as to insure derail
ment. A smashup was narrowly averted
bv the vlR\lence of the engineer, who
"stopped his train in time to avoid running
into the trap arranged by the would-be
wrecker. The next night a similar, but
more substantial barrier, was placed
across the track near Camphora, a small
station farther south and at a point
where the northbound mail train passes
early In the morning. This wreck was
also* narrowly averted. Detectives and a
Sheriffs force were put to work on the
case, but with no result until last nic-ht.
when a man. traced to San- Luis Obispo,
was after some difficulty captured. At
the time of the capture the suspect pav.o
his name as John Ross. Ross is said to
have served a term in jail in Santa Clara
County, having been convicted on charges
preferred by the railroad company, and
revenge is supposed to be the motive
which prompted him to attempt to wreck
the train, lie Is very uncommunicative
and will not commit himself. . :» ¦ '
BRIEF COAST NEWS.
S.VXTA ANA, July Ji— A thrashing machine
engine blew up to-day on the Schwartz ranch
r)<ar El" Toro. "seriously injuring the son of the
owner of the ranch - c and another boy. Mont
Jar)C*cR. of this dtr." Th^ Schwarti t>oy was
actlni; as engineer and alloii'wi the water. to
get too low. Both beys may die.
=•;'.' End of the Campaign.
Special Plspatch to =Th« CalU
ROOSEVELT CX)MINO WEST.
Promises to c Visit California Before
LOS ANGELES. July 31.4-Colonel Grif
fith J. GriCUh. who has just returned from
the Rational Repu&ilch.n c League meeting
recently hel&tn fct, Paul, says that Gover
nor Roosevelt informed him that he would
certainly visit Los Angeles before the ejid.
of the campaign. 0 If he finds It impossible
to gret here before' the campaign ends.
Rr>osevelt promise&ato \isit c us before
January first next. « ° .. •• '-"-:°°
Merced Republican Primary Call.°
MERCED.= July 31.— The Republican
County Central Committ**?, at a .meeting
to-<iay. Issued a call for a^ primary elec
tion to be held August 11. for the electipn
of .^delegates to the county convention
which Is to be held August IS. The elec
tion ls 0 to be- held under the former rules
lor primary c elections. ° „'
At Request of Captain Wilde. Depart
ment Issues a Statement Contra
. dieting Erroneous Reports.
"vTASHINGTON. July a.— The Navy
Department to-day received the following
cable from Captain Wilde of the Oregon
which is In drydock at Kure, undergoing
temporary repairs:
"KURE. July 31.— Secretary of Narr
Washfngton: Please correct press state
ments of Inefficient officers on • Oesron
No ship has more efficient .officers ¦ *
' "WILDE."
The dispatch came as a surprise to the
department, as there has been no disposi
tion here to criticize either him or hla of
ficers.for the mishap to the great battle
•ship. The chief of the Bureau of Navi
gation states that Captain Wilde has
aboard the Oregon an unusually .compe
tent and efficient complement of officers
Rnd pleasure was taken In clvtng Captain
Wilde's statement to Ihe public. *•
THROWN .FROM HER •:;?• v :
V •• "HORSE AND KILLED
.. NETVV YOIIK.- July 41.-MIss Theresa
Blake, daughter of Hoffman Blake a re
tired bapker *f Boston, was killed ax Xew
Rochelle. X. : T.; this afternoon. She went
V 1 * 1 "^? Puretese a horse for cross coun
try riding: and picked out a- magnificent
bay. the mounted ;the animal and took
several turns around a „ field and then
started, to try him over th# hurdles. '- She
ran him to a hurdle and the hors* rose to
it. but as went over his hind hoofs
struck the top rail and Miss Blake was
thrown. She struck on the -back of her
head at the neck. Her spine was broken
l^wheTAcaid^" 110 Md • h * WM
WESTPDRT. Jill? SLr-?. {}. Spier -of San
¦FranClsc0.,iust from the city on; a.blcycle.
met- twpi ;tnen-; on horseback pn Sunday • on
a/road leading .iron? Westport;td/Laytori
yitle and Gahto.; , the actions pf the- inen
in trying to. ai-cid meeting him caused him
to. notice them in. particular. .and from the
: pririted'-descrtpticin of .King,: the- niurderer
;of Church; :which Air; Spier has read, he
seems positive that- one of :tlie men vrais
'¦ The one' supposed. to be King had leather
saddlebags'. ¦ Spier, wept '. over : , the' road
yesterday- anil found they had : left .the
road .ili; several' places, going along traits
in one. place for two miles, and that after
'.travelfrig .eighty/miles'- thef- -had 'left, the
' .road' and.- hi? presumed alttng some
bi the : timbered ridges.. -. : :-'.: ¦ .• ¦ '¦ .
. Mr. ; Spier i and ¦ twp others' are . ready :to
follow the trail "of .these xnen;-^sftould .the
Sheriff -of' -'.MaTln-.Goim-ty-come;. up as- ex
pected. Mr. Spier ;was .at! Mr' Church's
house three .or four days' • before-, the
murder and is under. the impression that
King saw hint in that' vicinity and recog
nized him when they met 'on the Cahto
and Laytonyllle road.
LAYTOXVILLE. July 21.— Information
reached here to-nlghc from Westport that
Murderer King was headed this way, en
route to Trinity County. . The town of
ficers are on the alert and a careful watch
will be maintained ' all j night at all the
roadways and forks. .
OREGON'S OFFICERS ARE
UNUSUALLY COMPETENT
San Franciscari BeliBJves H6
FUGITIVE 1ING ; m
ITRi^EJIiS NORTH
"JERUSALEM" THE TOPIC /
: ' ' :¦ OF VINING^S: LECTURE
San Franciscan Addresses the Baptist
I ¦.¦.•',;¦ .:' Assembly : at Twin _.'.,
":':''¦ ;' ; ' ,' ' '- :.M*akes..- / : i-. :: "¦ ; '¦¦. . ,-\' :
Special Plsj>atch to: .The. Call
: SANTA CRIJZ. July J31;-E.;P. : Vlnlrtg of
Sari Francisco was-tne > "Ject'ufjer..thts 'even*
ing at the. Twin Lakes rBaptist: Assembly.
The- topic/upon .which'., he- -.discoursed .was
."3orusalem." •..•'.:'. ' : •¦.¦.:.-¦¦••¦ -••¦..•.•••-.-
V -The : Assembly' meetings at. Tviin ¦ Lakes
are -Increasing In. Interest. : and are being
conducted on the. Chautauqua plan. . ' •-. ".-:
: The'studv of the- Cambridge 'authars--
Henry. W; Longfellow, • James. • Russell
Jjoweil and Oliver:. "Wendell; : /Holmes— wgs
taken "up in. an .ejcceedlnsrly".-. intereating
wav by Professor "A»y, of Stanford
¦Cniversity this morning.- • =• ¦'.--'•¦ : '.''
: -The'- Bible study- .- oh' • the • "Words of
Jesus'". was led by. ReyiE^Ri Bennett of
Oakland." : . • ; - . •' •. ".. • : '...••:'"
.. D. P. : Ward conducted the, young peo
ple's : class. ..." ' ¦: • ;'¦: • ;.• '.¦¦• ¦ ."
AQcysED of stealing:.; ".;¦¦
-::;•;:• A FRAME' BUILDING
Banker Hill of Petaluma Causes the
. . Arrest of Butcher Engelhartjt
: \ ¦'¦¦.. ' '¦ '•'• at : Peialumai-' . . ' •/ , •
been set for Wednesday
Special' Dispatch,' to. Tfce ?»J'- : .. ' ¦¦¦•.¦¦ ' -
• PETALL'MA.July 31.— Fretl Enpelhardt;,
a pioneer butcher and stockman of this
city, is under *200 ball pending his hearing
on a charge ¦ of grand larceny preferred
against him by A. B. Hill, banker, for the
alleged theft of a frame structure, twen
ty by thirty feet in dimensions. Hill re
cently foreclosed a mortgage on a place
owned by the defendant just west of
town, and had seme difficulty in securing
possession. Finally he succeeded, and
told EngelhanH to remove his personal
property at once. This he did. But he
also tore down the building- and carted it
off to his home, according to the com
plaint, hence hlsarrest. The hearing has
TO CLEAR ITS DEBTS.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 31.— The University of
the Pacific of this city, the leading Metho
dist educational institutlou"or»*the Pacific
Coast. Is sorely in need of funds, and a
committee of San Jose's citizens have
undertaken the task of raising the amount
necessary to put the- institution on -a
paying hasis. A meeting for this purpose
was held at the St. James Hotel last even
ing.. Dr. McClish stated that a debt of
$60,000 had been hanging over the institu
tion for a number -df' years. A fine con
servatory of music that had been erected
had piled up $4$ ,000. of this amount. "So
far JS3.000 had been plfdped to meet this
indebtedness.^ About HOOO was required
each year now to meet the Interest pay
ments.
; Another .meeting will be held ° Monday
night. A detailed report of the assets anil
liabilities will be rendered and steps
taken to raise the remaining $27,000 neces
sary. O. A. Hale. Dr. McOllsh, % Alfred
Holman. Louts O'Neal and T. C: McChes-
ney have, been appointed a committee to 1
propose ways and means for doing- so.° «
Preparing for the ° Grand Court.
Social Dispatch ' to The Call. 0 . ¦ c °~='
V^ANTA CRt-Z. July SL— The independ
ctt. Order of o Foresters ° is making; rreat
°prfepa"ratlons for .the entertainment of the
[Grand Court -that, will soon, meet In this
i city. The officers of the executive cotri
1 mittee are: Charles, M. Lewis; chairman:
! Krt Daubenblss. secretary, and •' J.- F.
Helms, treasurer.
'The committees are: :
-Finance— J. '-. F. Helms, David Jonas, LV
H. Wessendorf. Will S.' Moore. C. M.
Lewis. \\". • S. Rodgers. '¦¦¦¦¦. . . . -
Hotel Accommodations — George Staffler
Jr.; Enoch Alrina, W. 8. Moore.
Programme.^ Entertainment and Music-
John Severlo. Enoch Alxina. W. S. Rogers.
«all— H. K. Pierce. John Severio.
Press— C ; Mj Lewis, Ed Uaubenbis*. W.
S.' Rodgera. <» » ¦•
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted, Patents Issued and
Postmasters Appointed to Office. .•:
Special r>lsjuatch' ¦ to'The' C?all.. . , • .' ;
WASHINGTON. July 31.— The following
patents wore granted to-day: California
—Antonio Cerruti, San Fr<ancisco, domes
tic/boiler;- John \V. F^tzg-erald, -Kern,
tamping roller t Frank H. Lake and G. \V.
Simis. Loyalton, home fastener; David
Mosher, assignor one-half to P. A. Wag
rier.and <3. A. Hlnkelbeln, San Francisco,
gold • solvent for refractory ores; James
S.,.Phiipot; '.assignor . One-half • to G. A.
Xalleyv i\Vlnd«or, grape crusher and
steamer..:" " : •?¦•¦¦:•- ¦ ¦ . -. - '
Orekon— Elvena Root. Coqullle, coffee or
tea. pot.""'- :' - ' ' ¦'¦ - '¦"' •
AVasshing-ton— Elmer F. Cassell. Seattle,
'hydraulic motQrv ;.
The foiidwircpostomces have been es
tablished: California— Elmer. Kern Coun
ty, peter Rouque-tte, Postmaster; McKit
trfck,. Kern- Coiinty./ Edward X. Moor,
: Postmaster. .•• ',
The following Postmasters have been
commissioned: . Calif ornia—^Walter .. O.
Stewart.. -Gomls.
• Washington— Velosco J. Knapp. Ana
ccirt^s. -.'. ¦¦•... .'
•The followine Postmasters have been
appointed: .California— j. A; Murphy. Mc-
Klnncy. Placer County, vice. Peter Hall,
deceased. ¦ •: " ¦ '¦ .' i- "• '¦_'.,
Orepon r- Edward Howe, Belknap
Sprincs, Lane. County, vice C. M. Hiii, re
movea. ;.'•"' ' '¦' t •¦ i : ¦¦',:'¦'¦
\Vashington-<J. A. ' Ivarrabee, ; • Sara,
Clarke Comity, vice Belle Dittmer, ;;re-
' ¦ ¦• ; \- ¦ *- ¦ *¦**.* ¦
The following 1 pensions were pranted to
day Oregon— Increase— Winiahi'-: L. ; Pike,
Bcaverton. J10. War with Spain-William
B Unperman. McMinnville; $6; .Martha E:
Millar <raother> Chase. $12.. •¦•.- : ; . '¦ _ : • -
AVashinston— OrlEinal— Martin H:; Smith,
Lakeview. $i; ..Augustus Goakey,' : Har^
.vey,-:$!/ / : • ; : ¦ ..:•.••";•/ :. : ;-' (•'.>* '.
Special .Dispatch ;to The Call.
; ; SACRAMENTO,: July' ; : 3li--To-day % was j
the :time : ?et for. the hearing; of tTie : state- .
¦ merits of ithe Central ' Pacific and Southern t
Fabiiic irailrbaas by thV State Board of j
Equalization.; The ;Ume : -pf: the board, {
:hpweyer,; : was taken ¦: up with the; hearing |
of . : smaller rPads, I and • When the : board |
closed ; Its • session .'late > this afternoon : ; It |
was : resolved , to r postpone : tbe hearing: of j
¦ the Central .Pacific until t6-mprrpw mprn- j
I ing;at-b:t»;o'cloek;';;v ; V-:[i';. ; ;-:-:'-;v/ ¦:;¦:•:: \ _\
j:' .'The;istatements ,df • the two 1 , roads were i
j submitted; .however,; and '¦". they. Will: form i
the basis fpc the :persuasiye remarks of '
E. : Black.: Ryan; the railroad tax . agent; .}
: to-morr6w. These statements would tend ]
tp show that In the. past year.-the railroads -¦
have ;been losing! money and have been
under;; great expense. :Uporv- them the ex- f
amlnatipii. will be Conducted; which shall (
determine; the amount the railroads shall ]
pay:- in ..taxes to the State. : The . state- I
ments qt the Central 1 Pacific Railroad and ;
the Southern Pacific Railroad, presenting ;
[comparative figured for 1S99 and 1900, are »
; as follows: \\ ¦; . ;¦;>¦; •• . -:;; : i. i> «¦ ;',.;...; : . ¦¦
Central -- : Pacific • •: Hail road. (Entire
: -; '¦:". "¦ - : **. . ' .Boad). , -\
¦'''-'¦ ':--h':^: :¦.•'¦ '¦¦'. ¦ '\-'. ; is99;' : ;: ; ''- : -"-;; woo. .:
. Miles In State......;. ..::1.«33.45; : 1.C51 7»
Rolling stock (value). $ 2,769,63a 00. $ 2.S51.750 00
¦¦:• ¦y<' : ':"" !¦!. : / ; -- -Earnings.. ,'*.', ' •
: i ; .:- : ' : ?- '¦':. \ ': ¦•-.?.-' 1S9S' • " ; - V -• ' : . : .1900. ' ¦-
Passenilrer i. /,;;..;.,.$ 3.430.333 17 , $ 3.SSQ.312 7S
FrelRln ...... ...... 9/044.664 S3. 9.4S7.«« 9T
Mall and express. .... 901.129 42- - 969.736 74
Mlscellan*ous : ;,..,..., 743.469 2$ . . . 6lS,«6 S3
:' Totals ;,4;. ; i. ..i..-.-$lU2i,E96 77 ¦ • $14,956,123 32
Increase, in .earnings. i,;.;...-...;'.^.;..*'.'..' '.:.: $434^536 55
"•: ! ¦ :'. '].*¦> .;'-- : '''Expenses.-:;. :::. : ';; i:.^--/.:.:; 1
'•":• '- >'\ : ;":":.¦= ">f.. : -t ¦ ¦>" > 1^99." •'. :: :;¦•-¦.:'"¦ : .19OO. ;
Operating :. . . .;. i .; . . ; . 3 S.333, Wl .69 ; .. * 9,307.731 13
Retterment and addU • ;¦-.:; .'.-.••.:.•; .;•:.'•.'¦
• Uons ...:,;,;;..' '/¦ 165.^30 47. .- : ¦ 407,235 75
Rentals .„.,.;.;.:...:¦ 1Q7;976 04 r 124.S26 S7
Taxes ,V...i.;...V.>V.i.>.:' ¦ 4S2,T46 : 93 ¦ : ¦" 4S5.733 35
Miscellaneous -.i:...;.^ ¦¦¦¦.235,066.47 ¦; . .. ¦ -. 23S.J24 7$
: ¦ ToUli .":".. .",f 1.331,15160 \ f10.K4.SU (S
. increase.; to : expenses ;.'";¦.--¦¦ •»— • • • •• • • • •'• '1. 233. 090 2S :
; : . ; . • ;; : ' ¦ : ¦': 'J '¦: Revenues..- •] ;'.¦ ¦:-¦ !'; : .' i -; '¦' ','.
¦-..¦'¦ :: :-"'; : :- •'•.^•¦.- S . : : 1S9>. ¦:¦:'¦¦¦': . : '-'-:-: [ AW);-: '
Net ;earninp».;-.»..^.. $^,790,345 17 ;• | 4,Sai ; 7S.l 4(-
Interest 1 and ¦ divl- • . •¦ '¦ !:' .;. ;, '. '• .¦-.:
ejends ..,;..;«.':..:... ¦'¦ 89.€27 69 • ¦¦ 140.447 40
Rental* ' '. : .;. . .>:; .-... . '.¦; . ' ' 59.662 S8 '¦' . ¦ 62.SS2 36 '
• •:T6.t«i;revemiewl.:».4.93S.635.S2 / TTBoipO I
;' ..• ' v ;; ':;::• Payments. * 1
'."••¦•:¦•; " ; .'' ; : :'¦¦'.'' ¦.'¦ !• : :; M99:r .::"¦¦¦¦' "N/i -ftoo;--- '¦¦{
InterCTt .:.'....V ...J 3,145,087 50 . _ $ 3.7S9.IS3 9« .
U. S. stnkltijf rund,... '. : 8S5.S17 41 .. . 654.7S3 54 i
Eipen^-e. ;ln.. '.exten-i: ¦¦¦ :•. ... :•;•;¦: ¦•: : ; ' : :.- : ..\
:• iion of bonds...... : 319 r 654 67.- i;. ¦¦:,,;..,;¦. ,.;..»
Compariy's '. . sinking; ' : ' - .¦ .¦"!¦¦.:•¦•¦•}
. fund. ..,..:.>.¦....:..•... ¦: 233.0>-»> 00 :.: ' ¦ 235.00Q 00 j
Lend expenses.,.....; : 137.S19 38 : 79»SS» 47 1
Diviaena*^..;.yA. ...:.. ;r :»..;. .;^;; .;;.¦; ; : ».«*6 6S j
•' ; Total payments,...»4.727 i 37S M : .$ 4.77«i 1?3 63 [
Overplus tn 183J .;,:.,::.U. : ... i... $212.2*6 8» ,
Deficiency In 1SO0. ..>.....:... ....i...:"_. -IS3.2T2 43 : -!
. : . Earnings in California Qnly/ . ":':) i
•,. ': •.¦::'••. ; " '.. -M'. isj3.. ¦¦' ; ' ¦; ;.i9obv ¦ ¦ !
Passenjr*r'and. freight $5.5«1,21S SS..; $7,352,267 S« '
Mall and express...;. . 49$, 621 IS : 533.355 21:.:
MisceUaneous .......... . :4lO,€»S 09 :..; 340.244 ;76
::'; Total earntnts in. :: ..;. • ';': ¦.¦;:: ••¦" .j
: '¦ <¦: GaliXornla 1 :i.. $7,766,578 M ¦: TS;225.S67S3:.!
Ipcrease.in ; e4rninj5f •;.; j.V •. :/ ¦¦'¦'.. v :45S ; 9S3 61
:' -Expenses .in . Calif ornia Only; . . ;
:"='; '.:':¦¦¦'¦.¦ '.-', :-.-'V ;: . '¦ ' '.' ' :¦' iSSS. *:'¦¦¦"¦': ; :/l9eo:rv
Operktias :^.;«..;. v.^»4,5S3,255 30 :['¦ $5 i U9;2«2 »
: Betterment* 'and ad- •:• •"; :¦•.,'..;¦.• r "'--. '. \
:.'¦¦ ditlbns, •,,'.;,.:..•.¦... •I3,s;il2*6,- -226.S2I 13-
Rental ; V.:^.:..ii:..»li':.; «7»97« 64 " '.•' ;' 194.9:8 S7i
Taxes . "4 ;.- : .i. ¦.'..«¦.:¦:•:.•; ' :316,57SJS .-• : . 299.9S4 25 |
Miscellaneous ¦:;,:../:. ¦.¦: ¦7p.5S5.94;;.-..;, ./ 131.23J .63;
; :^"-.Total : ' : expehs«9" ill *' " : .". ". - : '/¦¦¦ ' ,,". '¦ -v's- ":..¦'¦ /''
: ' : /California -•.,..\,'$5 > 1«,44S:32 ¦: ¦U,SS2m : 0'y
; --:t2\3^^^:
: : Assessed- .b>VA«»e^«or.*5iS46.223 W '? ¦ »4.494,$S5. 00;
: :•¦'.- '"•.¦¦•. : :".'.'! '.':¦¦ Southeni;'Pacific.^ ; : M*y&\ : .
'" ' ¦ !:¦; v : ";: ¦¦•>' '"¦'" :>':.1S99> :¦¦;•' i'':' ;^yooi' '¦¦¦:.'':'.
Value' of. ¦'' rd*idb«d •• ''.¦ . : - •¦' ' : .':.' : ; r- .' ¦ ¦¦"¦'.
• ¦¦ and rails: V...U.:;-$lt).;S f 6.4S0 SO ¦. $14,715,012.00
Rolling; stock .U. |2,B37.7M0qr ;- . . «, S^ : v50. 00.
';m|i« . ¦:;.. i;5u-m^:...c ¦.••.s..(w si;
: --'V-: -/ : - '¦! S : iiiatnings. ¦;;;'; ;;V .'•' . ;_••¦¦
'.' ; ¦."! !' ' : :¦;• I :-: ; •". : ' ". i«99. .~ : ; '' : '¦-.¦ .i*».-'-' . : :
Pk.««*n per ... . . ; . - : . . i - . ' »3.'9Si: 705 62 '. . J4. 630. 45S. S»
FrelKh^...-.....--,— 7>022.709 50 .: S,545.9:6 30
Mail arid express..../ ,37M56 7? •• ...-. 570.826 «3.
Mlscellaneoug- ¦..:...¦.. : : 731.647 it y ¦8)6.684.20
'. .V.TotaU ;.. v .'.'w.;.ni,m.51» 45 ? *14,393. 937:02
:• • ' "¦".': '• . '¦. ¦¦• ¦¦ Expenses:.. . : . ': '¦ ''..':'¦. "¦¦ - : '.
•' :.~v."" •• : : : ;.':;v : . ¦ •¦1S39:- ¦•¦.•••':¦ .1900. ' .":
OperatiriK : ..o'.v.' $6>4.134 99 ; ...$3,416,954:75
-Betterments^ and' ad- ¦:• '•'.'¦¦'• : . ' •
dltlons. L.. .;:.;: JM-.373 56. = . 5S7.S07 4J
-.Rental' to roads'..^..'...' .. : 7«;671 90 •• • . .117.370 2S
• MU'cellanepus. ,•..>... '.. ; "' 9.426.' 26 '^ . : .11,59? 78'
¦ Totals : .'....:.\...: $7,324,413 25 '.$W.514.S01 ¦»
.Net earnings.,'.:;.::.- M.-7S7.O7O »' ' : ; »4;.079435 ff7
' ' • ;••: :¦¦; ' ;: Oth«r Receipts/ ; • " . : ' ; ¦
" • •' .' -\r '¦' - •-' • ."*•' 1<99. ': • • ¦.•"1900. • '
' Rentals "... : - : ..U;.-..:.:.- $21S.133 W;.- \ ... $1S.512- 43"
Total revenue.. ¦.;•.•...'. 4.0C5;203-20 .•¦•. .-4.03.7;647 W-
Payments inXerest. ..-• 3.091.575 85; • ; 3.S14.732 .50
•United- States elnk T ". ." ¦ "• ¦ >; :,.-•
. Jrig fund..u.v..---.-" • 150,000 Off ...-, ...,-
Cbrapany^s ¦ slnktngr . - •'•.."
fund ....V..V:.......,.. ;¦ 230.00000
Land expenses.. ...... 69,155 2« : ; I 65,2«9 73
Totals .....'.: i J3.J00.731 11 ' " $4,110,003 23 '•
Overplus In 1S99 J704.472 09
Deficiency In 1900.. ~ 12,355 73
Before adjournment until to-merrow the
board received the statements of the
'• South Pacific Coast and the! Colorado and I
j Carson railroads. ' • -_
I The statement of the Colorado and Car
son road showed that the earning for
" 1S59 were $150,179. as against $153,731 for
1900: the expenses $124,404 for ISM, as com
pared with $129,236 for this year; the net
earnings $25,775 for, last year, as compared
with $34,475 for the present year. '¦
.The 'South '. Pacllic Coast statement
showed that the total earnings for 1S99
had been J599.461 and the total expenses
J5o2.CS<5. making a net • taming of $47^7S.
For 1900 It was shown that the toul earn
ings had been $599,931 and the total ex
penses J662.19«. leaving a deficit of $62,255.
The California and, Northwestern road,
throjugh Mr. Mellersh. presented, a state
ment for ten years back, showing that
the 'proportion of taxes to net earnings
had Increased In the past year from 10.54
per cent to 12.S0 per, cent. The road'ap
pears this year with the hope that ' it
would be at least placed back where It
was a year ago, if not granted a material
reduction. ¦ = c ¦ ¦ . . " . - • -
Mr.. Mellersh .«aid he would devote the]
major portion of his remarks to the laws '
of other : States. relative to railroad as
sessments. A box; full of documents and ;
statutes was produced, which Mr. Mel
lersh stated reported replies to letters
sent to every State and'Territory in the
Union except two. • The principal Inquiry
made was as to the basis, plan or under
standing: by which the States* arrived at.
the valuation-per mile of the' railroads'
within their borders^ The replies sent by
the various State boaTds were read. The
two States not replying; were California"
and . ... „. : . .
, Mtv-Melle'rsh claimed that If the policy
of the California-board-was pursued all
over the United States-there would not
be ¦ another mile = of railroad built. -The
statement of -. the California; and N-orth
western follows:. ..._ -.: - ; .'
% » -.' ¦- ° ',. ' • •-°lt»: ' / :1900. : '
Earnings .......«»,..° JST6.SS«. . \U1 573 C
Expenses .;; =., :«3.«33 ?•» „ "' "TTS.iM M
Sriec.lii ¦ bispa.teh\'to ..'; The ; Call.
: iHED^pob CITY,; July: 31.^-the twelfth
Juror in .¦;Vh'f\<Le'iinon;-:murder- : icase'wa,s.;.se
cmed.' shortly; j\fteri court convened this
morningv The defense had japbiit exhaust
ed ;it^ ; perpmptdry challe:hges, '•;.; having
ayjii[ed'.:itse;lf -..of' ¦;• nineteen : out .of . the
JtWenty allowed : by:iaw.:i: : ::- i' -i ', r-^f.
:Kit2gerald.shows the effects of his long
¦conlinemsnt- in' th0 County Jail,, hiis usual
;ly 'florid: complexion haying .taket; on :a
rpallid;hue.;-:He' also shows:.- the ; riervou3
strain ;to .which :he has 1 been : subjected
:sihce;his: arrest ana '• former: trial, but tnis
is not' to be- wbiidereU at when: it is re
mempered that.it was only a ditferenpe of
opinion of thejurors as to; the degree of
his guilt' that saved him from a convic
tion:- when: the case was tried: belore. • ',•...:•
• After : the reading of the information^ to
the jury and the opening statement of the
District Attorney, Dr. J. 1^. Ross, the au
topsy physician, was called and testified
as to thercauceof the death : of Lennon.
Upon cross examination it was made to
appear that; deceased was a strong, vig
orous and healthy m;in,. in fact the type :
of man- that : pne sees Jni a perfect athlete.
W. B. tiilbertand Miss Robbie Engie.
the former the County Surveyor and the
latter. a photographer, identtried maps and
photographs inaae of; the Lennon prem^;
ises.- -".:•" - : \ :'-.• ; .'"•! /:¦:¦ ¦:¦ '¦"'¦'¦ ¦ ¦• . ; --'-
The principal witness 1 of the day was
George- O'Maliy,- a young: man who was
in the employ of Lennoh-'at: the time, of
the homicide. He, Fitzgerald and Lennon
had .all been living at the latter's house:
for some five months previous to Decenir
ber 24 of last year.. :• ¦ ' ; : ' • " • ¦ ¦
"On the mornlnBr-of the twenty-fourth 01
December he took Fitzgerald to the train
at. Holy Cross Cemetery, when the latter
made the remark about : Lennon: "If I
put a bullet through that — — .
nothing would be aone to me,'' Fitzgerald
took the train for San Kranclsco and "wit
ness did not see him again that day. The
night before the. killing Fitzgerald and
Lennon had some words over a lantern
belonging to the former, which deceased
"accidentally knocked from the table, and
It was this Incident that called forth, the
above statement of -.defendant on. the fql-.
lowing day. ..-.-;•" ! - ; ;:'.-:;'-.- ¦••' '.'¦
The last time witness saw; Lertnon alive
was about l&:30 a. m. of the 24th. when
O'Malley left the house for his own home
at Colma. He returned to. the Lennon
place after dark that night and went into
the house to procure a lantern. In going
from the dining room into, the kitchen he
stumbled over the legs of some person.
Upon : striking a light he found Lennon
dead. He. immediately notified some of
the neighbors and later returned to the
house. Upon his arrival the second time
he discovered Fitzgerald's rifle on the
floor of the dining room. Witness further
testified that before leaving the house in
the morning with Fitzgerald he went to
the latter's room In a distant part of the.
house to get him Van. overcoat and there
saw- this rifle, and that the rifle remained
in this room when the. two left ¦ for the
station. Witness remained In the hoUse
all that night and .nothing to his know
ledge was disturbed before the arrival ot
Sheriff Mansfield on the following morn
ine. ¦ '. " :-..\ ' -¦:'¦¦ .: ¦
Several other witnesses were called and
testified to threats they haxl heard Fitz
gerald make against Lennon. at various
times. ¦ ' . I
• The case goes oh to-morrow. • • ¦:¦
A; . COLMA TRAGEDY
Seconcl :-^ml-ofth^
'.:' Slayer of Lennon: Begins
at Redwood.
OMYEalley Relates Again
Evidence:; Against;
Fitzgerald.
THREATENING
WORDS BEFORE
THE KILLING
Tax Agent Ryan Will Try;
* His Eloquence on the
. Board,
OFFER FIGURES IN PROOF
Southern Pacific (Com
pany : to, Seek Re
duction in Taxes.
"ROADS LOSE
MONEY" WILL
BE THE PLEA
Fpeclal. Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 31,— There are; good
prospects of a competitive t<?lephone com
pany being Installed; in this city. : After
a delay, of. a' /couple ..of months -the' City
Council' this morninij Vdeiicled to give, the
Slan Jose Telephone Company, a; corpora
tion recehtly. organized, a franchise under
certain .conditional ¦: ; The ; new ; • ; concern .:i3
capitalized., at '.; J25CT,t^K), : and it- 1s: prdpoised
to construct ;linesto.:San; Francisca, ; Gilroy
and L09 Gates as soon as; the. .c|ty" lines
are in 'working: order:/ ;; : -. ] 'l.} '¦¦'.¦¦¦..'''¦¦'; ':• ; : •
The conditions' under which the' Council
will grant the .:' franchise: is • that in ' the
business part of the city;, the: wires are
to be unoergrouhdj work of . construction
must cominenCe. in .sixty .days, -and- the
work, completed in eight-months-. ; As evi
dence of Rood faitK. a check of $2000' must
l>e deposiied with the. Mayor. : . '"
A recommendation also Included in .the
report is one that outside connections* and
territorial, switching': should be provided,
so that business would iiot be'com
pelted.to have two telephones. :' .;•¦ .- ' .¦
The telephone service in San Jose is
abominable, and the City Improvement
Club ilecidied tecently to see if the Sunset
Company, could not ;be prevailed upoii-' to
piye a better service.- ¦ :. •¦ - - . ..'.:'.'. ¦
A protest against granting the frfltichts?e
was also received from. the City Store and
low other business houses! They main^
tained: that ¦ th<* existence of ;: . two : :com
panies would, entail a double, expense, as
they would be obliged -to- keep both t$\fc
phones In their "stores. This, protest was
referred to the Ordinance. Committee.; •¦'.
The franchipe 'will undoubtedly be grant
ed, and as the promoters of th* new.com
pany have ample capital -they- will 'comply
with' the condltJons arid make: arrainge
ments at once to boginwork on the lines.
New r- Company/ Possesses
AmpleCi.pital-Will Com- ;
ply -With Conditions. ;
CHECKMATED MONOPOLY
Council: of Garden City
VWiill Grant Another
Franchise.
TELEPHONE
COMPETITION
IN SAN JOSE
FLAMES DEVASTATE
GRASS VALLEY CITY
The .; Most Disastrous Conflagration In Forty-Five
Years and Is Believed to Mave Been of
; ¦¦:• -;;V' : - -' Incendiary Origin.
ness Buildings, Caxasing a
Loss of $125,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
G.. ..--^ VAT^LKV. July cl.^One hui>
'.r.-.7 a::«l tw< !ity-!iv<» thou^ar.d dol
(a: j.'. w \>r'K: : ¦*>? property ,' : 'lncl«di!is
>. vi ra! }'l<*oks of. IniiHihps in ih.?
;-: s ;. : , -,, r ; : .-M .^-Cntss Vailey.ipa Mam
>:»i - :. u. : , rfcsifiTyed by .ftrr that, befian
:.:tV' T.;v!.t..: I*. X* the m"t(st : "-dls9?trbu8"-iire
t'liiis ; -.-:?• \ : :s.i<«i this' »|ity -iin :; forty-ftve.
':':•:.•• >(ancii fin ••jthe^'TC'ar;; of- .th«
TwlnX'h y . l. ; n!i.uVry; It. fcton s prv^l : trt ¦ i!k ;
•:¦:;: ' !' 5 r;'i- l.ui^in* i'.nti it was '!«jioii; ap
}-,ir^a t hit iiu-::: irtli'.dlnK. ',. cbtltd/'Jidf ire
>-.i\n..t. it wji^ hiii a .mi«n>nti. before; itJic
'¦ ; :•.:¦ ..- <,:i olthcr. side. flf:;tfi^ '.Giassion
j -i! ;...;•• v. i-tf 1:1 ilarnes, ; 1,'r.om' 'therfc tii*-.
i'.-^itu ~ ;i>ir> ..! ti>. tl»f ;¦ horsejJhtielftK ..-ish.Mp
• -•f - .J. N> .;-' Sh€-:iiy. aivd. tpz ; 'property"- •ow r .tie'«|
ifj .K'id.v on tht* other
--. :¦':¦•' i.': ''¦•5.'3rt»' poitP yf the ;lvloctric ; -'4V.w.i.-r
< ; vrj'j;:';r ; ;w(-!«;;w>oh blazir.R.: a5i«jL!' Ij.-" ;"**;•-¦*•
•* ¦;.:¦¦: !"•;.: jiikax th<* inatiy wir«'S :il»i>v.<», hie^iiy-^
:;> cfiii 1 j. w i <3 wiiU olfciriciiy,. tiiUKt ¦ ;,«o»»m
:::.';. :.^*l.'>..<''>nif'any did all in iis puwcr 10
>' ¦'. hi i&hjfSi ft u 1 Tun I.;': off. : tut. it. was ;.sonio
I :;>•¦ !> . r--ir«- thi-y could a0(-<»iT>J)]:sh thi>-
J .-.:•}.!..% .!- M ihe >oni»iaTiy . itnaUy -s-tK
.•.>¦•¦>*> ::i ctitttnjt ; .the i-urr^nt at;. Ili'.i.y
1 l:u:..tlv:rci>y. 'k-«sr-r.ir.K th't 1 danpefou? aitd
v'.rftotjlt. iynr'k'i'f the iircmen, fur al-.«ssr tht
•4.-:;ti.irv :V*iicia of Alain str^ft were to l>e
*• <--u tfu: lr\«' -vviry-s. sparkling »it!i: the
i-i.;-,--i:ir. .lii: ileadiy i'urnnt; . : : - - ,i-'--'- ... ; '. .' :
Itap2ui.\ tKfe'fiatacy :p:ead. Th*> stn'.'les
< i V^XTt;. : (loud win, Donnelly & Miybnej
iftnl < v :ii>t'ji f;ooi\ wont up in. s moke, Ti.rvo
\ iiic«U:« ¦.':- lIl¦¦r^^~s to" Dumiolly
« «. ti- r»'a>t «t1 al ive. - : The rtre then . spread
id ;!i». btttldissB of the jja? company- '.and
tl.i- v;>t > :n the tvmJt'Tlcin: district .
which -'-vv.-e! e .«icickly -consunicd;..' .The
s-tab'I* 1 j'f \\>:t<r« an and th» Carrier r hc>a;«'.'
. ( Mrs, < 'li<s;i,:iu next fell, (itvy tivtte
.'!;tm<;i>,: snd .thv tire thtn -swojii '¦ aw«ry .'. trie
Ptructiures cn-.-f : theH nurtb side of .Main.
?:\.><iii\» far as A. -Mazza's >alvoiv, I'hc
\\ :^< errs in . •lU'»i i J..--o'n'. th<? other side,':; a
l-riok 'sf.ruriure. -st<.i>j*t-d the flames frorn
>; :• r«.i- a "j; west* : The pmall wxidi'iitulld
inj:-s,Acjotr.i!ig the hotel and the;; one. ol J.
l>orricji-iiu JwsrritiJiatfly bolow. -wiTf '.next
w!p»T.V^!:t. Thv f.ro now jumped. across
The.-.*tr-cct>. the building of S.. J5. .Fjske \Jbe r
itiK.ttit-. : .t3Tsf. ti> catch, anil'.' It 'jw'as . impjjsr'
rffole/f ¦pr- L i'he firemen . to. check lhe tLanjcs,
CHINESE SLAIN
Gee tWai; Tong,- a Store
Is Stabbed to
Death at Night,
< . : : i "> V il-l .K. j-iily ; si -,3ames:: if a v-ey. -.'sii-'
jjfetfippwj^eat of The •¦¦'PrbvilVe -. Gas Works, .
ftfa&Di <yi rcii at >:5i' this . morning :-that. -Ge«
t)init-. haj bo.*"n rtvurdered. in the nIs:ht- : ,H«t
:: :< r.'r.-'i ri-.e Coroner and the-.'SheriJf/.and
a:! ».xan;lr,iiUo;i was at <oncg .riui4e, : The;
' rijiir.^'.rx'-ri.had j inferred- -^the '•£ t>«jlnt; '4t ; ; : .a;
t-Jia.rj 1 * . fcni^ »». throssh an. . :' openin j; ' • hi ; •¦; iho
l).-.u-k <foor and moved ilittje by. Jittl^ 'a .biar
t!*k.i: : ;he1d :-tiie id^r; -fast. ; :: .\Vhco';.t his bar
was;: rvijTiiVt-ii : ; hi> : ;ehtered .•\the-;^bp^ainR'.:.
DiaB hsmc*!l. '¦ <i!'u :< >i*is .t<ik>ns-:wAa iiecpini:.,
»!«¦;>: t!jr.iiph a hallway,' eniered the! store-.
:..'.>.t iwi'St -:.to :' tJio. bfdsWe.of .tfaft.'*l.e«i>:hR
:::u:.V ' ; lie . tnust have ainicd : 'a.;.'nii:t;j'erouf '
thrust- at :' his th-roal. : but 'missed" • jiiid
ptrucfc We \-.oj}ri3'schin. ; AhotSier; wound
vv^ s ¦ »•!». iiw ti-mpfc Ii : Is ' evident that" -be
t tu ¦ U ¦¦: tiji^*' '.«.-::.«jutft :-alK>\it the iTli* o" s hoiiii,
<u atirt'iv hjhi . -trC'Ttn'Hhe:;. be4 : ' iau-J y.tabbt'ii
1 :• v.i:: .n've': ' limes .-: id . ; t he- ; back*' three '¦.& I the
i-.i w^ bfijjc nrortal.; -;¦ . ' < ..-;'¦•.':;•./ : - : 'y '¦¦''¦
¦ Th« : in Urile-re^ t hj*n : (opH. -the ' key . t (* '. the
flfa-fe./tfaaLf .-.«cUK>a -near th< ¦ bed.- . opened it
iir.J :p*rk i.a:t nearly $30(«0 and. fled. Of* hi?
moiiry;^ vaivvn $'«*.' belonged : .'. : ;la ; Quong
.i^-vjiijr, S:o««'.belonK~iJ to. tlie:-.companyand
DVe? .; Ji^^JVbtl-ori^e*! to. the josshOBsi? -'br
Chir«* » ceiipbraiii^n fund. The dea-d man
had beL'ti ..the : trearurer fo.r : this fund: ind
had fcetvn. .collecting and kcc^umulatffi^'iji^
;fu:id» tor two mantes. It wasf known^ ; to,
¦alJ'.the-ChiTiese that he hid this in\>rtey:
He ¦«¦&$ m>t»hat is kwwn te a-CKrisiian
OtitreaTpaTj, ¦ but was the . manager ."did
bookkeeper for ,-a company. mo>itiri whose
nwm'bcrf were Q»rt»tuUl Chinese. •:;'¦': •
'': '-A'-raan has-been arrested:, and '4* ; held;
biit- - -B'oe : >evideivoe ¦ has ,b*^ft ; . made -pub.Uc
agaiusr. hita^ ;• i '-.:' ' : -¦¦ ¦¦'¦'"¦ ¦ : ->:•'•• :';; '¦¦¦ '¦'.
RED BLTJTF RACES.
Interestir.c Events for the Meet That
¦¦,. . / ; /.: Begins Next Week. ; ;;.i.v i' : •:-¦-'
' RED -BLi'K'F; July 31.^-f rotters, pacers
•nd runners tiith .natiohal re?-jtationS:.wfll
af*p«?.af' on Red IJiuSTs track n«xt week.
There, are; more fast hcr&es at the race
track «'t the present time than were ever
before as?esiD!ed in Xortbern CalifcrrJa.
Ans^'.p the noted horses quartered a: the
track are:. .Myrtha Whips, who was the
tfiis »Uoa of ' California ¦ last year, retiring:
with-a reevrd «.f ::1C»4: Floradita, winner
Of the, great free for all pace at Los An<
fries last Vear Cil'.^k, &nd George B. who
tn^at t,he v Tir.eer."* \Veter K, in the Jirst
heat si Santa Rosa <?:13i«).
The tirst *«iay's programme next Tues
day promises to be ,one of the prca.test
radnw days ever- ween In California. Tne
Rr-6 IJluSf track record wlil probably be
smashed in th# first heat. In fact eaeh
<Jay promises fe»s-3tional racing and the
Itreaiest reinsnen wJH be here. The harse
men claim the track to be one of the
fastest ,in California. The 2:11 '"pace
Thursday rsf next "week will tx» a battle
of fast ones', as- there if a creat deal of
jivslry .anior.g cwner? of ;he pacers-.' As
Willows ba? rc racing yeas ?n this : year
this gives the. ho.rses a week's layover
here. »¦- • ¦ -\ .:•.•-¦ ; \. - \ «
PRISON REFORM
Coneress at Pacific Grove Discusses
.Penal Institutions.
PACXFJC OKOVt:. July 31,-Ai .the Coh
prts q'C Reform to-day "Social R?farra' r .
v-a* i'CaiECsa yip. The first sui»-dirt*ioii of.
the-tnado -topic. "Prison ¦'. JElcTornt"'-': was
ci nsidexetl by the. Rev.' Augnst Drahisjs.:
chajU4{n.'6f.San Peoijentiary. .:
A disc/assion regard}n« the place :of : th*
t>r«'*^- -in-.- Social rrisrm was. considered' by
A. J».-^Vaterbo«se.:;-- .• -, :>¦ ::¦:'_:. •¦•.:•-¦-:: •
•lAdulirrated. Foods' a* I i..-- : :i>-?. Prx>d.uc>
rrff/'- : - was next considered arid the effect
*ach 'adtilt<ration»:causft both direcilytuid
reflectively ' unon social conditlons-.'Qf :: x'o^:
<5a.y' .::«it> ¦' exhaustively- "d!scii : s5ed.- -.'Th^
priocjj^)it ' -speaker *wacs. Ikta'rta'.'i .F.' .Va.iSer-.
•w-O€^ s < : M 4 ,IX.-.'or'&Ui;-Franci?ejft.-:" • i : -.. : ":.¦: '
5 :M.r». S. J. l)nrr. preiWed at the eve slrij?
¦ f=..*>.(t*'««>n, -Intrxxiiiclng the: chief *i»«alcer. :th«
H*»y.- iCacvnJa -K. ..SL'J»>hn of lvanJs»*-Gitv.;
:K»n^, who talked about Qaflal T$!$.rx$'la
'ermrpl: - : ; : ¦• • •; ¦"••¦ :^ : '--'- '¦' -.;; : - : -X'; ; v- >;:
Southern Crop. Bulletia.
; -IX^S ; -:ANGfcUES;' 4ut>'. e- 1 t y tilted'-'
-•F.oii thrrju c'aljfrrriia ior '. the .".wetlc «ndin£'
July S*.-ts o* fullow-R; ¦ : • ¦¦'r;. K . ¦ : :..'.- .;..;' '. ¦
. ¦ ""Til**. "••¦ weitt'her -.hJi*- b**nV-' tXC&lsSSsijttT'
w arm «1th clear ektr* »nd ; dn^nK'winijV
the first of:thc wrck. the'.laltpf
•H'art by .4 return' to .cloudy :morElnps *nd
O»o5cr .WTpathor; i **orn and ixeiuj* Werv'iXH
" jtirvd Jbjr vthif -110.1 : «-avci. •-••Tb*v : 'irrigated
cmt* «r* looklns wrJiiend'whcri-.bcEeatexi
•liy .th4>.-cl««iiil>ft co<>lcr. weather;. ; ,' "? ¦¦¦«¦ ••'
"Tbe:hnt V"fathjpr ; waii also' Injurious' to
-\'3t>« i y»rd* : lh wm* «f the jwuttieni ratsln 1
•*i*ctirtn9 in OMU-sltvjr .» pTeBiatuT*-'rl&ervi.ns:.
<uid hurrrlne at the fruit: ptcJtJnKViiil' be
l;a»triit>1,iM«v<iraJ *K'k».. .r^ach *nd T>,rilne.
tr«>ci ,hav«« at "la>l • t^icir- unvlal foiiase,
-l:Vacbrti ajtv rljvciilr.t; but the xrop vilt b*
..y«jrjr U|*t."^.; ¦•:.:¦¦.; '-;.-•" V: • •
¦ . Thv. vtsisiei -,ha> >.ow teen out from Eng
iaTii for 15d.diys. ; being delayed by head
winds and Cajiris.-' The : Writer adds that
thV:llIr,ess-.of .the : ;mate-, arid the proba
bUity. of-:.the s?iip .not being able to proceed
ugttf avrtew skipfser had been secured,
tnade U "-likely .that yicvoria would not b«
reached before. September. ¦ . ¦' . -..
'¦¦: THesJe p.riv.it.ior.«i. . ir.f 1 . altentiant anxiety
may: 'have had rnuch to Jo with the illness
and;-deatJi.of the.otScer in command.- '¦
¦VICTORIA. B^Ci July 5L-^The first de
1ai]s of the i?ealh^Gf the cainairi of the ship
Ole^ogle and tlie reasons. fQT. the; Ions pas
page of that vessH from Erigiawi to the
South American coast are contained in a
letter which *"ixs /received tb-=daj- : by ex
: Mayor ItedterH from, his eidest.'Boh, :\yil-
Uani, Trh.6.' is a paiSenger on . the vessel.
T^e letter was posted at Tocapillo the 2>th
of '4 : uhe, shortly .after the Arrival of the
:Gl>'nv>Kit > .'. "•• '. ¦¦'¦¦ ' .':¦, ; - : .-'::. •'• '• :
Mr, ;:. Kedfern etates that the captain died
at sea A number «f; ilays before: reaching
port. an«i ;tfcat -to ?id«J :to- their coxnpUiea
t.it>ng and tr<>iibles the first mate, and the
steward ..aiso l^itilt, ; Then tho water sup^
.plyvriin 'khort: and the; crew : and -the;soil
tary- :t';i!=*i:hB»--r: Were ¦ Confronted by. thfc
Tnos.t-."t<rribl?- fate- which can- befall trav
vlpcs-oii th;e-:iiigh.:S<eas-rdeath from thirst.
rots.;aTi(3 .'Pfliris were placed! oh deck to
catch therathjondsniflcient. was secured
inthis way tPcEu-pplemcnt The scanty sup
plyixi iho iBLjiJciS.aJid- to/ take them- to port.
Fuel.aJr.d'oii al^ct ran put. and at last, so
dire tv ere- «xtreh1e.i:es that . the crcAV was
forced to cut /away, the spar$ of; the ship
. with; .-.which tc took thc-Ir meals...' ' • •• .
Fp*cl»J Dispatch j to Th# Call
Terrible Experiences of the
Glenogle-— Runs Short
' ' of GoaUaud Oil.
BURN THE SHIP'S
SPARS FOR FUEL
"There . u-er?.: also. many, other lesstr
Vbs5K i s-. Most of the. .sufferers carried some
ir.^urance. : . ¦¦¦,'¦¦¦ ~ : .¦.'¦¦':.:¦¦:¦¦¦¦'.'¦:, ¦ • •; • • ¦
:.\\ii;iai>i Hurt, bakery. : .UMb.; ¦.'•¦;;;.-. .':••.¦¦"
'.litnnoily *i 'f.m. . nurvliandlw. ;»3<«o^ .: . • .
'. : «i<f«!O ¦,. \Vett»reau; barn a^ii hay, $3000. • : ; . •. ¦ .
• *:a> U'orkK, >:.OC<V. "¦ • ; ¦ . -^ -•¦ '¦:. :¦¦;:' : :-' .
'• • N- « >Xr*htai'U. r^iis, t3<K*:'' '¦ ¦ : . ,' :;'¦' ¦' :.
¦"Mjt.H .' K, ster,' *4(VH»..- : : : -.-.•.; .... : ; ; '-. . • ' ..
"¦: tirUVn <'.ki# :.";H«t*i; S4FXX). : ; ¦-. :; : : .. ¦:
:Ja-n:^EH.slvii£, l>nM-Hnt. $500. ; -.- . -_: •; ...
' M«ir:ti? i'arr^M, bulliiiog, JjOO..- -. •..• •• .. .",
'•• WjM'iWisirv.Jit.ii'l.' f}0-:o. • • : ' -.. ¦.'•': • . ; . . '.
"••A.: Fp.ran»: ; ¦'M«iucr«.' fWOO. '. • ;• •". ::•••¦.
-.'"ytrti Kiamy, ¦'¦|-.«f!.Uns. ll^VW. . ..
Mrs=.W;Hii»ni KdUi. luiMlns and furniture.
ttyi.t\ „:.¦:¦ ..¦¦¦../.- .¦•.-•; -. ¦ ; ;. ¦ '¦¦¦:¦.:•;
' •¦JOot ChofS; ' TnerchaniiUe. JiaSO. . •'• . . :• • ¦
Mrs' A. Cho-«han." resii5«*ncp, 11500.
¦MTT.p-HYtiti.aweUinK anil contents, $3500. .
•¦•¦•Ji>«>i h Shelby; 'dwvlling ar.J blacksmith shop.
I3A0Q ¦ '.'; ' •' ~"; . ' ' ¦• "' - •• '¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ •¦•':¦'¦;.' •'• •
J.-hn .Cla*sAn.'- bulUilnsr. VU». ' . ' . • ¦¦: -^
T:\ectr\c Pa««r and Until Owipany. ¦' fJPOO. .
; ; J.J, rover?, blacksmith. shop. JlwX>. ¦ -.
. M H'>si<e!i. rtpar factory. SSM.
r:';\V; ;: ,TrS.lhen..feh.v; shop. JtOt). -.;. ¦ ' '•'-..
• J.thn-TJcnnMt.- 3i<iuors. JS«. ; :¦¦ ¦¦¦ -.•:
. Mitc-hvH * O«rson. wairoii* and hay. $^>W.
.' M. builJimt and contents, $l>0C0.
V. Twin ¦'Oty/taon^rj'^ H> lW - ' ' : •
.Ii H'^uan it, ea.-..- iacrchaihlls*. tC?0O. "¦ ¦ .
. Thanias Herryman. bnijainjr. JI.iuO. ¦
¦ • : II*u»-cn ThfTJias.' butWlnKS. $25<X). •
— . :S, "-E;.: Flsk*. salopn. .residence and hotel.
)X0w.: /'':-¦/'¦¦ ' '¦"• ¦ - : ' ¦¦¦'•'::•''¦ ;; ' . ¦ '¦ . ¦• -
• Puns-fl TelerhohW Crnijinny. $WXI..; / .•.•¦•
\V. G. I*or4. livery Stable, J1000. ¦'. ;.
Th> ca usp: of iho fir»»l5 unknown, but it
is . Jt.ilicvtd by mariy to have l!<?en of in
coi^linry orlg-in. ¦¦ One of the:- strongest
reasons for %\A% v&et lies in the fact that
itst:vrte*l in the laantiry,' where there had
boon no. .lire since Saturday evening,
i'roi.rletor Gru->d«:in of the laundry aria
his vrif<?y xrbcr Jived tn the second sior>"of
th«vbullilii!K,. narrowly escaped with their
Wyes,-. : ¦-. :¦:". - : : -.v' ¦:• . ::¦¦ " : ' • -I::-. ¦
"¦ V »ih\f mpn J-' 1 5"'t 1 Frp.ik st^rprd : ¦ nn .- a
live electric wire that had fallen and was
:'"!mo>J . <-U < triH"i:te<J. ¦ ¦ '. • : - .'.- ' :
: Tb.e princ}n«\l Iosros are as follows: ; .:¦'..
: " • i Firftnk : -'iV:r* ; !-- brewery. iiStvoo. ' ' ;; . ¦";• h>] \ •••'•
':.«, l.uitc. ni«rrch«nif4#a. '.SVtiQ'. : j' ' '.'V.? ¦:.¦¦.¦
The Goldfn Gate Hotel ;a.-xt caught and
was putted, Hei^B ii brick building, how
irvor. it ntvoi) as a protection for the
ath*r;'. end of town. The. fire extended
West and ¦fmifnjn«l <?v« rythinK in its path
until it n-mlnii the tnick. building on the
corner of Auburn street. Here i.t.was got
ti'n under' control; :''¦¦¦•¦¦ • ¦ .:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BACK TO CHINA
DY GHOY GOES
>XAKLAND. July 31.— "If the raur-
I 1 derer of my 'ther can be
V^ brought to justice I shall not
i-^y: spare money nor labor to uncover
crimes which 1 believe were committed to
compass his death." ¦"jj ,_
Such was the declaraUon of feeler
Bayless to-day when he was brought face
to face with the strange chain of circum
stantial evidence which points to the as
sassination Of Joseph Bayless. the Oak
land pioneer, at his ranch .home near
Glencoe. ': ' . :, ¦•-.:•.'¦. :' ',-' • ¦¦- . '¦¦'¦ ' .-
It was by the merest chance— by the ac
cidental finding of an; empty cartridge
shell— that a clew was found that has dis
closed enough to warrant the belief that
crime has been committed in connection
with the burning of the old rancher's
buildings and his death in the flames.
Although the neighbors of Bayless and
the peace officers of Calaveras tountj.
who were called to the : scfene. -were;
startled by the rumors ; of foul deed3
which spread through the county .after
the fire and the finding of the charred
body, it was GeOrge Curtis, a foster son
of the. dead man; who brought to light tne
first tangible evidence of crime. . ¦ ; : :?¦ ;
Immediately alter the news of Bayless
death was received b>* his family in Oak
land three of the sons went to Glencoe.
In: that party were Wheeler. Bayless. Abe
Bayless and George Curtis. They arrived
at Rich Gulch, near the ranch house, on
the: evening of July 19- At daylight they
were at the ranch.. After attending to t" e
Highbinders' Quarry! Es; apes
• Them as the Girl Is a
Smuggled Slave.
The United States Commissioner learned
that- Dy Choy; was . smuggled into the
country three years ago, .A warrant has
been issued! charging her : with being ille
gally in this; ' country and she 1 will prob-r
ably' be deported;. •:- :¦- ¦¦;¦ \}~ :¦¦'-'¦•¦ ',¦ .'•:¦¦'¦'*' ¦--.-'
: .It has been learned that the woman was
never before, in San :jpae. though she is
accused of stealing jewelry from: Won
Ling hefe: several months ago; Chop is a
slave who. was 1 Imported by -Horn
Fook, owner, of a cigar factory in San
Francisco; About a year ago Wing went
baclt to CThlna on a Visit and left her iri
possession of Horn Gaw Mow. his brother.
An employe of ¦ the cigar factory. Wong
Ling.- it i? claimed, entered into a con
sptracy with the: Hii> Sing tone. • high
binders^ to secure possession of the earn
ings of the cigar Xactory and the woman.
She refused to give the receipts of the
factorj* to highbinders or: to give J35 on a
blackmailing demand .to settle the mat
ter. Then it was the Celestials tried to
obtain 'possession -of her... through the
courts. The highbinders expected to se
cure her release op. straw; bonds. How
ever. Justice Rosenthal: demanded J25QQ of
good .bonds : pending :her examination: and
she is' now -in jail.' ¦; ¦ ; ¦ ¦'. =.- --; : '¦¦ ¦¦• - ; • ':''
SAN JOSE, .July Si—The attempt of
htghbinders to obtain possession of : Dy
Choy. the Ghihese woman arrested in San
Frariciseo Sunday .and .brought here ¦ to
answer to a : charge of grand larceny, will
be frustrated through her deportation >*•
the United States court.: .• ':¦ '.. -¦; • .. ;
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
burial of the remains the young; men de
cided to ascertain, if possible, by inde
pendent investigation the truth of ru
mors of murdei and arson. Tht-re was
nothing tangible, only the story of a quar
rel with some one unknown.
George Curtis in his search over the
ground about the burned house and ham
noticed the rifle shelL Here i« his story
of the lind and the subsequent : develop
ments:
"I had been walking toward the barn
ruins, when I saw the shell In the- jrrav.el
ahead of me. I picked It up and saw it
was empty. The shell lay in a direct
line with the barn door, where the old
man's body was found. Then I looked
about me and noticed the big. blurred
footprints in the ground all around where
the. shell had lain. I decided to follow
the <racks, and carefully walchtng mjr
own footsteps : traced them up to where
the old man 3 rtfie.was lyirip. ; ¦"¦'¦ :;¦ .••; , : ; ¦:. -.••,
"J picked up the pun and . found the
shell fitted it. The firun carries thirteen
cartridses in the magazine ami one In the
chamber. ¦•¦•I found the full allowance in
the magazine, but none In the chamber.
Then I put my finger in the gun barrel
and fouml fresh. powder stains there.: .¦ ;
"By- that time Abe and Wheeler ¦ real
ized the Importance of the discovery. To
gether we started ; to follow . those foot
prints, which could be easily traced now
that we were on. the track.. "We followed
them so closely that every step *.m«>st
was clearly marked from the road to the
house, then to the barn, back again and
around the spot where the rtfle shell was
found; baek to the place jw here -the ,rtn»
had lain, and then through the fields to to
the • brush. There waa no doubt Irrour
minds when we got through. All the
evidence we gathered was .turned over to
the authoritle9."f. ..:.¦. _i-^ w l,vL **_
: Thereare men near the ranch who ae
clare they can tell who murdered Bajleaj.
But the members of the family will not
divulge any of the names nor any or tneir
suspicions at thi9 time* r . ~ : .;.->>,,-
Bayless' movements on the night .of M»
death have been traced-,- H *^?*i^* e 2'
calling at the home of Mrs. R o^ rt3 - n^
quarter of a mile from bis ,Pjace. ana
left there to go home at » o clock. H*
was In good spirits and. there was noth
ing to indicate any unrest or uneasiness
on his part. It was said. £ ow «\e.r. *ha.c
to some of the country folk thereabouts
he had expressed himself as fearful that
he might soon have trouble; with sonco
one because of some family difnculty. ,
Mrs. Popplewell. whose home is in- tro
fields throtsRh whicti the footprints were
traced away . from the Bayless place, saw
a man hurrying across : the field at mid
night shortly after the flre broke ou:.
He was moving away from the Bayles*
*So C far as could ; be learned there was
bo person save the . supposed murderer
on the ranch until six hour3 after tne
fire was discovered.- ,' "-¦•' : '.-"::; ''¦'*'
The Bayless beryft will return to Cien-.
coe in a few <iays-. They anr waitir.g
for info rmaUo h from the Sheriff concern
lag any ne» developments at that, end.
Story of the : Finding cf the Shell of a Rifle
: Cartridge^ That, Gave the First Clew-, to'' .
SKi-iffi :; Hr£&: the Terrible Tragedy,
-~.to- Justice. '.
HUNTING SLAYER
OF HIS FATHER
THE; SAN vFBAKCISGO^
thp : 4apane*e quietly sailed away. Cuf
•t*r4 ;*as. picked =upi an hour later by a
:C»ti«!ery tug. • He. vu in an exhausted
condition;,- ; \ :.:;¦ °* ° : - ¦ - " "o c
8
r ¦";:¦¦' ; . \ ADVEBTISEMEKTS. > : ¦¦ '. : ; J
A Dost Remarkable Remedy That
i :: Quickly fiestores Lost Vigor
- : ;i-v : .; '.'¦:¦:.:'":¦ '¦[¦'.'. -_'¦ toMen.-.;- : ~ ',' ;¦:¦';•;¦]:¦¦ J :
A Free Trial Package Sent by Hall
; : to All Who Write. ; i
: Free trial packiig-es -of a moat remark-
able remeay are being mailed to all who
¦will write tfce. State ':. iledlcal Institute^
They cured so, many men who: had bat-
tled: for- . years -against the- mental and
physical suffering .of. ¦ lost- Tnanh-pod that
the. Institute has decided to distrtbut*
f rte trial packages to all. who ; write. It
[a a home treajm'ent,- and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from' youthful folly., premature
¦ loss of strength, anti memory, Weak , back.
: varicocele or emaciation of parts can cow
cure themselves at home. .-.":••.¦ -. - • .. . • ,
: The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of "warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength,
anci- development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ilia : and., troubles that
come from:, years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and. has been an absolute
success in-all casts.. ¦ -. . A '-.remiest to the
State Medical Institute-, 22S Elektrort
building, Fort:TVayne. Ind.. stating that,
•you desire' one: . : of th.eir trees trial pack- .
:ages will be compiled w}th promptly. ThaJ
Institute <¦ is desirous - : of-, reaching- that^
great- class of: men' who - are unable to- "
: leave home, to--.be treated, and the - free .
: sample;- will. enable them to see how easy
It la to be elated o t aexual weakness whea
the! proper, remedies are employed:;. The -
Institute makes no. restrictions::- Any sum
: who writes will b« ' sent; a free sample,
.carefully sealed In -a; ; ptaln f-aekasre. so'
that, its recipient need have. rio ; fear of
I embarrassment' or. -publicity. ¦ Reader* :ar«
requfft-ted to write' without delay.-- •' '¦•;• • '¦¦•¦ ¦'.-'
fl will foartntff/'
that, my Kida«7 Cbto
wU cure 00 per cent.
Cf an forms of kldaer
eomplatat' ¦ . and.- via '
cany ¦ Instances- '• . ; ti» >•'-.•
most pextocs forma of
Brishfs disease It
the disease is j cob-
plicated seed a focr-
oence rial -of nrlae..
We will analyze It
and adTise you ts*9
wfcat to Co.
i MUN TOX. \ a . * .
.It an drcssitti. 29a. • TiaL Gold* to B*«lta
Vbfi. Tnxilo^ »ri»1<'» fr»». ISf-5 Arr»> «t.. Phtla. ¦
bUliMiflfiluli-'
§V1M, MGOR, VITAirrVforMLl
MORMON BISHOP'S P1LL3
have b«en la use. ov«r fifty
»«" by the leaden of th«
Mortnoa Charch and tSelr fol-
lowers. Positively . cures t!>*
wcr»t cases la cl4 and jroan«
arising ' trcm eCvcta of »*ir-
abuse. dissipation. «xcen<* or
c:c»r»t:*-sm.-k:r.s. Cures Lost
M^nhool. Isspctracy. " Lost ;
Power. KTcht ' Lc*»«». I-« ¦— ,- "
nla. Fair.* tn Back. Evil Desires; Lame Rick.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Cr.Stsess to Star-
ry. Ix<ss of Stara. Vauicoceie «rCoa-
stipat'.on. Stops r.s f*3 f 3 rvous Twltcfciaj
1 of EyeUJs. Ejects JJ> JTL«r» l=«ieilUt«.
1 Impart vljccr and c " f3 potency fa «v*ry
' fur.ctlon. Don't r*t despesdent; a cur* Is at
| hand. Restores sxttall. unde-reicped cream.
{ Stimulates the braia and nerre cer.:,»rs: 50c %
hhtmr. « for C 5d by mail. A written roarante* to
'rare cr acaey refunded with* hot**. Circular*
ft*«. Aadress BISHOP REMTEDT CO., « Eni*
•t,. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO.
•SS aad *9 T>»lrd . »t. • : ,
!': IBAJA feALlFORNlA: te
IpatmianaiBitters
L.S 1 * GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
•tir: and Nerrtae. \ . , ¦ .-;;/,
j:..T3# most wcaderfal ajjiroiutad and Fpecial
! T 2l lc », or the s * xn »> Ontaas for both sexes. . •
<¦ Tb* Mexican Remedy fcr Diseases of tie Kid- .
io«H and BUJier. SeV.s en its o»r* merits.
[* -: SABER. ALF3 A BRITXET Amti.,
*'°:- Market »t.. S, F.— <S«nd for ClprjUr> '
2 ¦; MARKET bXSf.^1^
"Marshall" Fountain Pens . for 111
"Waterman" Ideal Fountain Pen? •" from
$2 50 to JJt each, -, Largest. assortment la
the city. Commercial stationery and oflce
supplies at reasonable prices. ' Printing
and engraving done at Sanborn, VaJl &
Co.'s, 7U Market street."-: •nlque and their fidelity 'and the glimpses
which they give of their short-lived hap
piness. He waa only 33 years of age when
ho painted "The Night Watch,'* a work
pronounced by all critics his masterpiece.
This picture, sometimes called "The
Sortie," represents the sudden call to
arms of the civic guard under Captain
Frans Banning Cock. The guard is
emerging from its gutldhou»e headed by
Its captain, who wears a dark brown, al
most black, costume. Next the leader
marches Lieutenant Rintenberg in a gor
geous jerkin of brilliant yellow. Pressing
forward out of the background., carry ing
their arms, can be seen the members of
the troop clad In somber tones, relieved
by flashes of color, while a gayly attired
girl with a dead cock hanging from her
erirdle stands to the left of the principal
figures. The flag carried by the flag
bearer waves aloft. The scheme of color
Is one beloved by Rembrandt— a golden
yellow in contrast with black, relieved
and accentuated by touches of vermilion
and rich ultramarines. There is a
strength, a power and movement In thla
noble work which class It among the fivw
great pictures of the world and give to
Rembrandt first place in his art. ':
Here was a brave little country, cut off
by many causes from sympathy with !ts
neighbors, fighting not only against the
Inroads of the sea for its life, but for Its
very existence against the encroachments
of contiguous countries, and the almost
overwhelming Jealousies' of Spain. Lib
erty was the national cry, and having
won It against fearful odds its defenders
claimed the right to their own ideals. The
Dutch, like all wide-awake; vigorous and
successful people, . became, when once
convinced of their own = powers, tremend
ously interested In themselves, in each
other and in the things about them. They
were-, all ¦ busy, and they felt - themselves
to be great. The dreamy,, the thoughtful,
the poetic and- the: visionary made no ap^
peal to them, as to the Latin racea. They
found their Ideals in the actual and the
every day. Their dreams were realities:
their poems were :the great deeds of which
There are many reasons why this sep
arateness, as It were, from the general
trend of European development Bhould in
evitably hold true of Holland.
The youngr painter who studies the gal
leries of Holland will soon discover that
the splendid and inspiring art of the
Dutch belongs to a school In itself, repre
senting a phase In European development
that is unique, altogether dlstfnct in its
impulses and ideals from those which ani
mated the contemporaneous workers in
Italy, or, again, though not In so marked
a degree,- from those which ruled In Flan
ders. ; =' ' « ¦.
DUTCH GALLERIES: BY F. HOPKINSON SMITH.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton-
FAMOUSART GALLERIESOF THE WORLD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1900.
'•..- Judge Dunne, has granted leave to the
"Hbrse i Sh<*w Association ofr the ; Pacific
CoaBt" to change Its name to " The San
Francisco, and San Mateo ; Agricultural
Horse Association's New ; Name.
Robert, Cords; real .estate agent," at 646
Market street,. was assaulted -by Robert
Slaughter, another real estate- man, yes
terday, afternoon. -t Policeman Burke ap
peared on the 'scene and arrested Slaugh
ter. Cords did not want any charge pre
ferred against Slaughter/ who, however,
Insisted. that he should be arrested. Burke
.took him to the City Prison and booked
him on a charge of. battery.
Assaulted- in His Store.
BROOKLINE, Mass., July 31.— D. F.
Davis of St. Louis- defeated G. C. "Wright
of Boston this afternoon In the final match
at Longwood for the Longwood Cup.
:Davis : earned -half of his points while
Wright scored almost all of his on-his op
ponent's outs and nets. The score: 3-6, 6-2,
"6-3, 6-4, 6-4. : -:'•-'¦ . ' >; '
Wins Longwood Cup.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., July 3L— Fine
weather, a." superb track,, but a light at
tendance marked the opening day of ; the
Grand Rapids Driving Club .meeting at
Comstock Park- this afternoon. Results:
2:19 trot, .purse $300— Sybil H won in
straight heats. Time, 2:17%, 2:17%, 2-.ISY*.
Basil Wilkes second, John L. third. Snow
drift also started.
2:17 pace, purse $300— Stormwood won In
straight heats. Tlme..2:16^, 2:17%. 2:18%.
Kite Foot was second. Silver Heels third.
Cricinda also started.' „ • •
At Grand Eapids.
ST. LOUIS, July 31.— John C. Meyers, a
well-known athlete, to-day swam from
Alton, 111., to .St. Louis, a distance of
twenty-seven miles, in exactly six hours.
He swam easily the entire distance and
was not greatly fatigued at the finish.
He had wagered that he could make the
distance lnffive hours, but lost.
Miles in Just Six Hours.
John C- Meyers Goes Twenty-Seven
FAST : - SWIMMING.
In his own previous works. He broke
away from tne conventional and the alle
gorical and spoke his meaning clearly,
basing It upon a study of nature, and yet
in doing: this he embodied the very whip
and spur of civic heroism. The student
will aiways find this quality of the spir
itual, as it were. In Rembrandt apart from
his technique and his art of composition.
His tinger Is on the .pulse of national feel
ing. He never misses the sincerity of
the old burphers nor their earnestness
nor their integrity. In his other great
picture at The Hague. "The Lesson In;
Anatomy." It is the spirit of science It
self which is exalted: the details which
might have created an impression of tha :
horrible are altogether subordinated to
the consecrated purpose of the Inquiring
mind.
Franz Hals, like Rembrandt, will never
let the student pass. He Is best studied
at Haarlem, although In the Ryks mu
seum, the Museum Van der Hoop and the.
Rathhaua, or town hall, at Amsterdam."
and again at The Hague and Rotterdam,
some splendid examples are shown. «At-
Haarlem, though, in the museum of the
town hall, are his eight greatest pictures.
This Dutchman paints with a virility
few men have equaled; not with the
muscles of his fingers, but with the mus
cles that start from the broad of- hi*
back, tingling along his arms and down
Into his finger tips; strong, fine strokes
each one a master. Every time b,e piles
up a little heap of pigments on his palette
smashes it with his brush and then de
livers it upon his canvas It is done with
the skill of a marksman, the- sureness of
a surgeon and the deftness of an engrav
er. He calculates In a flash the exact
amount of paint needed, blends the exact
tone, hits the exact spot and -obtains th©
exact result. Our own John Sargent some,
times hits a similar mark, but I know of
no other painter of modern or.other times
who can and does. „
He lived in Haarlem, the city adorned
• t« c h i Is v ? . rea . te u t P alntIn ffs. dying there
in 1666 In his eighty-second or eighty-third
year. Stories of his life are as much at
variance as those which pictured Rem
brandt; but. like Rembrandt, he still
boasted many Important friends, and had
a wife whom he delighted to portray- In
his old age he received from the.
City Council. He Is the Velasquez of the
north and a master of the brush In compo
sition and In his grasp of character.
There are other Dutch masterpieces
which can be studied with profit tn the
three great galleries. At Amsterdam, in
the Ryks museum, for instance, is the
'•Banquet of the. Civic Guard." by Van
der Heist. He ranks next after Franz
Hals as a painter of portraits. The "Par
ro ( ,. s i' v a € e -" bv Van SteenV and, the "Wat
prfall. by Ruysdael. are, In this gallery.
At The Hague one will find the "Chariot
de *oln. by "Wouvermar»;,'a° celebrated
historical painter, and the o "Old Man In
H13 Study/' by Van Ostade. whose effects
In- chiaroscuro have given him eminence,
At Rotterdam are the /'Mussel Eater >;
by Cuyp. and the "Toung, Bull,'* by Paul
Potter. . ,
It Is difficult to understand whv thla
last example of bad realism by Potter
could have attained anything but noto
riety since the day It Waa slimed by its
creator. It is. perhaps, because the sub
ject is one familiar to all men. The pic
ture represents a boneless bull, standing
broadside on. attended by two members of
his family, and watched- over by a man
who must be either without legs or stand-
Ing In a hole three feet deep. The pa
tience with which the painter worked on
the hair which covers the bull's side*
and head could be commended If It were
not apparent that the size of each hair In
proportion to the size of the picture would
be- as large as the- handle ©f the bruah
that painted, It. A Van Marck or Bon
heur hung beside this world-famous pic
ture would decrease Its popularity and
rob It of much of Its prestige.
A special study of the Dutch painters
must prove of inestimable value to the
American student. For we. t6o. are a
yrung people. We have suddenly proved
our powers and convinced our neighbors.
I ike the Dutch, we are Interested in our
selves, and we have about us artistic ma
te-rials which. If properly used, will not
r.nly Interest our own art lovers but thos©
of the world. =
F. HOPKINSON SMITH.
New York City.
Cleveland 5. . ' .• ' ¦ • • ¦¦¦-'.
.CHICAGO, July 8L— Chicago 1, Indianapolis. 0.
. MINNEAPOLIS, Jaly 31.— Minneapolis 10,
Buffalo 0. '\ . . • •
American League. .
MILWAUKEE, July St— Milwaukee 8,° De
troit' 7. ' ¦ =
.KANSAS CITY, July '31.— Kansas City 6,"
Batteries— Jones and Crlger; Prasef, Dona
hue and McFarland. Umpire — Hurst. .%-„¦
'PHILADELPHIA. July- 81.— Both Praser and
Donahue .were ineffective to-day. . Attendance
3300. Score: ... „ • _';;•'-...¦" ' ¦
Clubi— ¦ , ¦ • . R.° H. E.
6t..L'<yils ;. ..........4.......1; 13 2
Philadelphia ; 4 7 V 3
Batteries— Cuppy. Lewis and Sullivan: Hahn,
Breitensteln and-Kahoe. Umpire— Swart wood. .
Boaton •••'• •„ 11 12 S
Cincinnati. ,.... ; .. 1 ....v.. ....... 9 10 '1
BOSTON, July 31.— Both teams slugged the
ball to-day, from the time the game was called
until the last- man. was out. Attendance 2000.
Chicaito ..*.,.. 4 11 6
New York » 13 4
Batteries— Garvin and Chance; Mercer, War
ner and Bowerman. > Umpire — O'Day.
"NEW YORK, July 31.— The Chicago* did not
have a chance to win to-day's game after, the
fifth inning. The New Yorks hit almost when
they pleased. In the- sixth Inning Warner ran
into the stand after catching a foul and sus
tained a compound fracture - of the left arm.
He- was removed to a hospital. Attendance
£000. Score: ¦; ,•.->-', -\' :^. ¦»-<
Clwbs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 17 2« 1
Brooklyn 15 5
Batteries— Tannehill and Zlmrner; Kennedy,
Nops, Howell and McGuire. Umpire— Terry.
BROOKLYN, July 81.— The Brooklyns met
with their worst defeat to-day. The Pittaburgs
used up three pitchers, making twenty-six hits
with a total of thirty-seven bases. Attendance
1600. Score:
Clubs— • * R. H. E.
Clubs — "W. Jj. Pet. Clubs— W. 1^ Pet.
Brooklyn ....49 23 .623 Boston 88 41 .4S0
Philadelphia 43 36 .544 Cincinnati ..37 44 .405
Pittsburg 43 38 .53J St. Louis ....34 42 . i47
Chicago 40 39 .503 New York. ..30 45 .400
Three- Pitchers N"ot Enough, to Stem
the Batting of the Pirates — New i
York Wins Again.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
THE CRIPPLED CHAMPIONS
..SUFFER CRUSHING DEFEAT:
CORBETT AND
KID McCOY SIGN
Will Meet Befbre'th^ fTwe^
tieth Century plub cm^; : J
; '¦'¦. August 30.= : ff J
Charlie White /' Selected as;B*feree
and Other Conditions- Are". Ar?; : o °
rived At With Scarcely ;" s j \ c -/l m
: . ¦ j Any Trouble. ; * :• ' s lU.
N"EW YORK, July ZL— James J.' Corbett
and Kid McCoy were matched this after
noon to light before the Twentieth :.Cen-.
tury Clubon Xhe night of August 30. V" The
men will go twenty-five rounds* under
Marquis of Queensberry rules.
It was expected that trouble would oc
cur ¦when they met at 1*29 Broadway, but
dslde from syroe rather sarcastic remarks
passed by car h the meeting was peaceful.
The men agreed to meet and sign articles
at 1:30 o'clock. Corbett waa on time, but
McCoy failed to appear until almsst 2
o'clock. As soon as McCoy entered he
walked to the opposite side of the room
from where Corbett, was Bittlncr. For
more than five minutes neither man said
a word to the other. McCoy looked ex*
tremely nervous and .acted like an ama
teur maltlnj? his first match. After about
ten minutes he regained his composure
and the men settled down to bulsness.
Corbett drew from his pocket the tele
rrairi he received from McCoy and, hold
ing It before tb© latter, said: "Now.
Burlingame Club Ofecers.
The Burlingame Gountryl Club; .which Is
one of the most ekclusive In the State,
held its annual election on Sunday and
elected new officers ami directors.. The
meeting | was . held 0 tii: .th'e clubhouse; In
San Mateo County and well attended-
Reports were read' showing the clUbMo
be in a prosperous condition. -Its mem
berehip has increased and the organization
is In a eplendid condition financially. Fol
lowing are the new officers:. President,
George A. Kewhall; vice president, Henry
T. Scott: secretary and treasurer, Arthur
B. Ford; directors. \V. B. Tubbs, G. A.
Newhall, J. B. Crockett. Fred T. Moody,
Peter D. , Martin, Captain A.- H. Payson.
Frank J. Carolan ana A. B. Ford."
they- boasted. " 'And Why not? They were
uneonquered and: ",they : ; were conquerors,
and despite all the boasts and proclama
tions- or older nations and peoples they,
simple' and unknown as they had been,
found themselves victors-^andlsputed pos
sessors of. themselves. , . . •
Like '1 successful men; who
have made themselves, their own way and
manner of . doing ? everything seemed the
best* way- and manner, and nothing else
interested' them . sa--' much as their own
affairs.- Their form of government proves
this, . and; so does • their art, which. Is ol
the people and for -the people and, by; the
people.- '-.- -° '.'•;:..' r . . ¦ / ' '"'-,•'¦'
. That -is. why burgomasters,- councilors,
their wives and their children; the life of
the streets, 1 of the. canals, the' dikes and
the farm, all absorb them, since all were
important,- having in some way-contrib
uted- to the. national success. That Is
why, too, that-which- is called genre paint
ing ¦ attained ' peculiar eminence among
these people. -• ft' sprung from an Interest
in surrounding things* and corresponds to
what we call local color in fiction or ab
sorption In details. .: This. too. is why they
excel, as they do : : in portraiture; every
man Koldiiig a civic position: having been
painted— every roisterer ¦ of prominence,
every -soldier, every innkeeper..- / ¦
It must not be forgotten, too, that the
religion of the pedple Isolated them In
their art from the ideals or the Latin
races a.nd affected their art./ Protestant-
ism with them was. uncompromiding and
direct;, concerned with precepts and
every-day actualities, and the symbolism
and idealism of Catholic countries had no
part in It. Their churches were never
adorned. No mysteries of religion were
portrayed on the walls They reserved
mural decorations for their town halls and
public buildings, and when some man
went so far as to want a Holy Family
the wife of a prosperous burgomaster, in
puffed sleeves and big petticoats, was con
sidered as good a Madonna as one who
sat on clouds and looked down.
There are great galleries in Holland In
which the greatest works of the «reat
Dutch masters are grouped. These are at
Amsterdam, The Hague and Rotterdam.
But the student should not miss the town
hall at Haarlem, where the most Import
ant works of Franz Hals are to be found.
The work of two men— Rembrandt and
Franz Hals, the two greatest of Dutch
masters-la famous the world over. In a
lesser degree, though still as recognized
masters, are Van der Heist. Jan Steen.
Ruysdael, Wouverman, Van Ostade. Paul
Potter and Cuyp, each affecting not only
the art of their time but that of Europe.
They are all represented In the three gal
leries Just named, and the young artist
In -his tour through them might easily
content himself with a study of these
alone There are scores of other paint
ers—Dutch and Flemish— to be seen whose
names make only the impression of un
pronounceableness and whose works only
add to the general confusion. Still-life
painters, with pots and kettles and cab
bages, and marine painters, with Dutrh
luggers built like their vrou.«. interiors
with spots of light from a window, the
rest a grimy canvas; stable yards, with
imitations of Wouverman— a white horse
in a distant stretch of country. Several
foreign artists, such as Rubens, Murillo
and others, are also represented.
The student, of course. If he chooses,
may look at them all. or he may if he
like adopt my way— walk down the acre
age of canvas until some one picture calls
to him to stop— then stand still and listen.
Rembrandt will always call him to stop,
no matter how small the head or unim
portant apparently the canvas. If one
must believe all that biographers have
disagreed In declaring for this supreme
master who was born at Leyden on July
5 1607, we should have to believe not only
that he had been born rich, but that he
had been born poor; that his parents had
been respectable, and that they had been
paupers; that he had been a roisterer, and
again that he had been r reputable . citi
zen, the friend of magistrates and govern
ors. But we do know that he was des
tined for the law. and that, like many an
other genius, he Insisted upon deciding for
himself, and so became a. painter. He
studied under many masters, but was his
own greatest teacher. He lived at Am
sterdam, having married Saskla van Ulen
burch. Rembrandt's portraits " of this
wife are famous for their beauty of tech-
Sign- tQ Go the Limit at SanJJose.
".¦'».V ... .: '. '.Tommy- -;-WarreiJL. 1^ . ."..• ¦•;¦-¦
: -.\ .: •'• • I " ; > ¦ Here-', v- \}. ..'"?:¦•.¦; .;¦']. '¦
: \A\: Neill arid ! Jim . Trimble VhaVe • been
,:ma.tp o hed : by -the Agricultural ¦ Society, 'of
San Jose to fight to a finish, in tjie": Gardeh
City on/October-li:-. Tf-the. battle is- per
mitted to -take place it ; . will be; the flrs;t:C>f
Its 'kind held-iritfiis" State in years; j LriniT
.ltied.- round. bouts jiave c been}the=rule 6>nce
•tfie'= State law .w'as° enacte.di'-but.;the- Sari 1
Jose "fight, pro'moters : propose, holding/ a
contest which will only, end- when ujio of
"the •=' lighters- fs hors du" cOmbkti ¦• ¦;¦• -."¦ ¦
¦"Ngill and, Trimble" will .tight for.-' fifty
per : "cent bt the gate receipts. . -.The. towi
'¦w'Jil 'enter the ring, weighing 154 pounds,
•This .will -be Neiir.s "first match since he
"suffered defeat at the hands of Jaek Mof
.fatt af Chicago. "-Trimble comes. f.roni
the-'Southern part, of-. the : State • and is
being- handled by Tim McGrath.' The" Los
iAngel.es 'boxer is a strong .and- willing'
fighter and Is the possessor qf a -punch.
"He proved that when he decisively defeat
«d '"Soldier"-. Phil" Green- In" .Sacramento
¦a' month ago. . .•-.": - : • ' .. : '.- •
: Tommy Warren, • ex-champion : light
weight "pugill-st of: the world, is- in this
city. He is seeking 6mploy'morit'in' the
-G6vernmeht service, and :has letters . of
recommendation ftbm General Miles and
iHher. dlstinguish.ed men. .AVarren is -lii
splendid. physical condition- and .iff willing
:-.to do battle witli local men. 1 He'h.as ex
pressed .a-° willingness .to go against Tom
my'-Cox.'the -Australian boxer," who lately
•defeated Willie Cole. -Warren's last con
test' was -with Terry McGovern, 'and like
air those, who have, pitted their strength
and skill' agalnst.'the-.Brooklyn 'wonder, he
s"uffered defeat-.- :It .was admitted by East
ern* experts that Warren Had lost none of
his skill as a boxer and it is therefore
certain that a bout between him and Cox
would be- worth seeing. °
NEILL AND TRIMBLE TO
hi BATTLE TO A FINISH
• Cotisidine/ajid: George "W. . Grant,
the former for Corbett and the latter for
McCoy* drew:* up ; articles pf. agreement
and they were. «Igned : b'y:both men.
Gorbett' will" start fn". .¦.training'. -la. a few
days,: at Owen Zelgler's • place at' Bath'
Beach.. He has secured" Charley Gpff * as
his sparrlijg: partner and; will also engage
some wrestler t<> help: get him. in condi
tion...'- :¦..-.• •".-.-¦ •.;.':. ¦¦ v •;." •> .:• .
McCoy will eo to Saratoga Ivake to put
himself. In shape. .; .He; hai • not decided
who will be his trainer. "-¦ ;*•. \ .- '-- . •'
° During-thls argument Corbett said ¦ to
McCpyr • ''Oh, I, know: nbthring ,ot ban
dages. -: -You" are :an . expert oii that. s.qrt
of „ thinjj. '.My.- specialty ls° boxing," = to
whlch= McCoy answered: .."You have. not
s.hown much cleverness at that either, I
im&einB."-' :':.'; : { -\:- :¦ -i'.^ .»'; l ". =;. .; .
;: •ilcCpy Fajd.he wasiafisfiod -.Wit^ thege."
terms. Charlie White. ; was named ' by-' >lc^
Coy . as referee.-, and ¦ was'-, satisf actary to
Corbetj. ; The .only wrangle that occurred'
was .over bandages; ..C.orbett ¦ at flrsL;in- :
sisted: thai no. bandapes be allowed. Alc-
Ctry refused to .consider that.- -; After sev
eral- vcaustlc. remarks .[ the men • .'finally
agreed: that McCoy could • furnish-mater
ial for bandages, and" Corbett -Would decide
.on how.-much. of the. Toll to .i>e worrirby
each man,' ;•:.•/¦:.*.-. ;-.:.'.¦.•-.•,„• : •* .,
Corbett answered: VI; will 'fight you be
fore' the Twentieth: Century Club. The
winner. to ta-e 70 per «ent and.the: loser
3S."; : ' ... ¦: '.¦'•.. :"•¦¦ ". ' -si''- ¦ ¦:..¦' ' .:'¦'¦ : '.- ¦¦¦ •¦¦':..' «:
tlierp ought not. to be . afty trouble In
S5:gnln*r axtkles-r-you «ay here that you
•will- flgrfit jne at.my own terms-rl am go
ing to- take your • word ' for it, but will
make no unreasonable -demands. '« °
McCoy said: '.'Well, what are your
terms?";; v ' ; ." v; .> :¦ ° . - '-....¦-'.
/£=Z OPH1A VOLKMAR-was engaged to !
Ni= =^ t.r- carried within a ehort tim'e to.
man of her choice. Stephen Stu
' f>aj1ch. and the engagement was to !
have bcJESi announred yesterday, but an--|
other, suitor claimed.- her hand and gave,
her ct-"*hn&4 for her trousseau. Death
ciaiTOt"! her for his .bride, and h<r passing ,
to his realm was most unexpected. La.=f.
Monday evening she , was,- with some I
friend* and her eif=t«?T. Mrs. Owens, at tbe ¦
-fami-'y J-e.sidence. . 345G Seventeenth, play-
Ing card?, ,and all were in the-. best of *
Mnriis, none .h^vlnjf a- shadow :.ot sus-;!
)<U-Um of the terrible fate; ijx store .for ,
i>> phia. >f ' ° J " r ." ? - ' ~T '". " . i-i'
The visitors c took, their.; leave. 'shortly.
t>«fore VI o'clock, nnd Mis-« A'i'lkmar arid' .
the rost V>f the family retired .tor -the •
pUrht, -ShV--did= not nwke hf-r appearance •
et the usual hour yesterday morning.. and' (
Mrs. pwerts went. to her roorh for the. pur-'
pose ol awakening her. ¦ The ' apartrnent
was filled with. URirriinating gas and Hiss
Volkmar lay in bed unconscious. .:,' .•¦'.-• : .
Dr. J. F: Sullivan. was hastily sent for/
and when he arrived he adopted the most
drastic methods-, to resuscitate -the- girt,
but was unsuccessful. The- young woman
was only 23 years old and was a native of
Sari Francisco. She was a beautiful girl
and beloved by all who knew her. . ' .
•. Deputy Coroner Meehan found that the
gras burner in the- room waa In good con
dition. The sister of the dead girl told
him that the key was turned on a little
when she entered her sister's room at 8
o'clock yesterday . morning and that So
phia: must have .turned it on carelessly.-
Spphla. she .said, had . n<> reason for com
mitting, suicide and had not done, so, she
being In a very happy" mood when she re
tired and hnving .her :head full of plans
for her approaching wedding. : " : '.-.-.¦
MISS SOPHIA TOT-inffAR.
¦fA. gr(*a4 volley;, of cheers • greeted ."QM
Chbdoiate"-. wh-eri '.tie-centered; the : 'ringi
BU111 van's adherents "made ; : themselves
heard - : by;:a- blast. of tin horns which they
soundfed • upon the. slightest^ occasion. The
betting -was 1 2' to "1 'On Dixon, and- consider
able money" changed hands.-" ;
- The Opening round was in Dixon"s favor.
There • ' Was » fierce, in-flghting ; In the
second round/., "and OJlxon winced
under/' . the/ • heavy :• body ii punches.-
Sultivan : came : -"outv of "the round
with al bleeding ear: ° The third, and fourth
round.s were. fast, and- at , : the" end of the;
fourth Sullivan was a trifle blown. In the.
fifth round Dixon » had, Sullivan 'on ¦'- the
ropes..»nd .administered 5 sever^. punish
xnen.t, .bu]t ¦ Sullivan came through ° his
.trouble and had all the better of the latter
half or the round,- pounding Dtxon's wind
in a manner that' the latter did not relish,
and. being the stronger- at the bell.
.• Dix'dn looked a" trifle weary when' they
shaped .for. the sixth round. This round
consisted of in-fighting completely. The
men were- locked' throughout. Sullivan
had. all "the better of the argument and.
weakened his man completely by -the body
pujiches. • •¦-';-; ..,••'.*¦-•'¦".¦ . : .
¦ The preliminary, seheduled t<? gotwelve
rounds, was at-122 pojuads, between Sam
¦Bolen and "-Cyclone Jim". Quinn. It lasted,
"Just, two • rounds and resulted- in Quinn
getjihg a right hand jolt which rendered
him" urjflf for further combat. • .
Dixon was getting all the worst of the
body punching, and just before the close
of the sixth round, was looking appeal
lngly toward his corner. It looked simply
"a case of youth being served. As a. matter
of fact, Dixon looked particularly big
about the body. Sullivan was willing to
mix Jt.upon the slightest provocation and
It was the consensus of opinion that Dixon
W-as '.beateh and .-well beaten. It was, -• a
popular victory and was greeted with" wild
cheers!;- -1 •."¦¦'•; • j - .;•.„< \?-v- ¦ * :
NETV r YORK, July 31,-The one-time In
vincible George. Dixon succumbed to
Tommy Sullivan of Brooklyn at Coney
Island to-night in their battle at 122
pounds. The end came as the men shaped
for the seventh round, when Tom
O'Rourke, Dixon's chief second, admitted
defeat for his man and, claiming that his
left arm was disabled, refused to permit
him to continue, which left no other al
ternative for the referee than to declare
Sullivan the victor.
Defeat.
Sponge, Admitting
After Six Rounds of Very Fast "Work
'. Tom O'Rourke Throws Up the :
FpMer .Invincible. Colored
Man Loses to the Brook- _ :
GEORGE DIXON
IS BEATEN BY
TOM SULLIVAN
There will be- no .bridal ' Journey; ano
Consul and Mrs. Coney will at: once <go". to
housekeeping at 1652 Post street!'" ' ; "¦¦'¦¦¦ .
bride, a charging and accomplished young
lady, is 'the 1 daughter of Mrs^Mary Fal-1
vey of New Brunswick; Canada. /She .was
modestly attired in a handgrutiV*. white
satin gown. ¦ Her bouquet was' cbniposed
of- orchids;: : "; .':•:- "•:/¦;
Johnnie Rieff Has a Successful Day
: .-.; ;. at Goodwood Meeting. t'p-J. ' " ;
¦. I*OND|ON , ' J Jul y ; 31.— At" the first day' s
facing at the Goodwood meeting to-day
the -Stewards' cup,, valued at 300 sover
eigns, was won by J. A. Drake's Royal
Flush ridden by Johnnie Relff. Richard
Croker'a Amencus, ridden by Rlgby, was
second. ' ' ;¦ °. ~~
".The Chirrlton Welton handicap plate, of
'200- sovereigns, was won /by William O.
Whitney's Spectrum, on which J. Reift
•had the mount. ' . =
' The West Dean stakes, of 5 sovereigns
each for starters, with 100 sovereigns add
ed was won by. Al Sibary's Armful. J.
Reiff was again the rider.
The Richmond stakes, of 25 sovereigns
each, with 100 sovereigns added, was won
"by Sir E. Cassell's Handtcapper, with L.
.Reiff in the saddle.
•The Gratwick stakes, of 100 sovereigns,
was won by Lord Harwood's Free Com
panion. J. Reiff was once more the av.c
cesaful jockey, making his fourth win for
the day. , - ' ¦ \\° .*- ¦"
GETS FOTJH WINS,
; W K. CONEY, the Mexican Consul
I // \\ : I Generai i,n this city, and Miss
/ r ~T^ o , Kate Falvey were quietly mar
. ried last evening at the resi
dencte of the Consul, on Post street.
Father ¦¦¦ pempsey of the cathedral per
formed the ceremony in the presence of a
few intimate friends of the family.
There wero no bridal attendants. The
the sensational finishes for - which he"= is
famous. Results: £. ". * :.'
..2:13 pace, purse, $2000 (four : heats driven on
Monday)— The Admiral won "frst, ' filth and
sixth heats; time, .'2:09%. 2:10. 2:11V4. Annie
liiornton. won third and fourth heats and was
second; time. 2:11.' 2:13. TTarma. Patchen won
second heat in 2:10% and vras third.. J.rax, Bes
i=le Thomption; Tom Calhoun.' Lady. • Oarnett,
Lockhart and Ferrum also started. ••••.,
•2 25 r»»ce, purse" $1500— Sphynx Medium won
fourth, fifth and sixth heats: tinje, 2:12H. 2:1«H.
2-13V4- Don Ryley wr,n third Seat In 2:.12H and
was second. little = ;Frank. distanced In 6lxth
heat won flrstand second "heats; time., 2-UV4,
2 illVJ. Tommy Mac.V^tar I*UKh.- Tod Williams,
I.i-cal Hal and Oelsnk also «tar.ted. ;.• ••
: 2-l"'trot purse JI'SOO — Ma«?Rie Anderson won
Fecood, third and fourth heats-;: time, ¦¦.2:11%,
2-1214 : 2:12'-4. Cornelia E»»lle won first -heat- In
2:12*4 and was second: Alan third." Chain Shot,
]La varan and Bessie K also started:. ,* ' :
"¦2-14 trot; purse ¦ $1COO— Merriment won in
straight heats; tIme.,'2:12U. 2:ll l 4\ 2:11H- Sister
A31fe was second; Sag B third. Mlnuette. Alice
I3aroes, Fieetwood and ArraRon K also, started.'
MR. AND MUS. A. K. CONEY.
GAS FILLED HER ROOM
WHILE SHE SLUMBERED
Beautiful Sophia Volkrriar, i Soon to
Have Been a Bride, fleets- an
Accidental Death.
WEDDING BELLS RING
FOR MEXICAN CONSUL
Representative of Southern
in This Gity Takes Unto Himself
'-'•..- '•¦',- f a Bride.
GEORGE E. "WHITE, the
"cattle king", of. Round
Valley, Menddclno County,
Is again defeated in the
courts by his divorced wife, Mrs;
Frankle White, who by a decision
of the Supreme' Court yesterday
was given a clear title to $75,000
worth of land once a part of the
cattle king's domain.
Fifteen years ago White became
tired of his wife and endeavored
to get rid of her by the process 6t
divorce. The wife entered a cross
complaint, in which was set forth
many accusations of cruelty, etc.
The trial court decided that the
woman's story was the true one
and she was given the divorce. J '
The court further ordered that
AVhite pay his ex-wife $100,000 ali
mony, counsel fees, etc. , In order 5
to make the decree more binding it
was recorded In Humboldt. Trinity
and Mendocino counties and White
was enjoined from disposing of his
property. The cattle king laughed
at the court and soon after leased
a considerable portion of the land
to his nephew, J. S.: Rohrbough.
Both were punished for -contempt
of court. In order to secure her
dues Mrs. White requested the
court to appoint a receiver to sell
the land, which was done. Mrs.
White bid In the- property for
J75.0C0 and received; a deed to It.
White's nephew appeale*d'.to the
Supreme • Court, a which yesterday
affirmed, the judgment of the lower
."Court.. . ' ."
The higher' tribunal. states In its
decision that the lower court had
Jurisdiction • of . the divorce case
and that the- decree with costs and
alimony was valid. •" • „
The cattle king stilU owes Mrs.
Frankie White -about $30,000, with
..interest at 7 per cent for fifteen
years,, which with costs,, etc., will
make the total about J50.000. .% ;.
FRANKIE WHITE
DEFEATS ROUND
GALLEY MONARCH
OPENING OF
THE 1900 MEET
AT HENDHICK
Sey eifalj iSplei: did- • ': Contests
Are Witnessed on a
Fast Track.
Cbntraltp Takes 2i27 Trot tn Straight
: ; . : ;V ; Bbeats:^rirj;' Plumline: Defeats ; ; ; :
}¦;¦'¦(¦¦ ; : . Chariietta, : J.be. /Wieeler '' ¦ . _ /\
\'v : v : y;;f:;;!.;/;Be'iiiig;Thiird.;^'; :1 . ' '/¦ ¦
The Admiral, the little bay horse that
showed surprising speed lh. the 2:16 pace
taking tne- first of the four .heats driven
yesterday, won two consecutive heats and
the race to-day wl(h . comparative ease.
Annie Thornton,, the .favorite, that had
given confidence to her backers by taking
the- last two heats yesterday, showfed in
poor form. LJttle Frank was. the favorite
in the- 2:25 pace, but after" taking two
heats was distanced" In the" final and was
cut out;of a share of the.' money. . The
race was won by Spfiynx Medium, a rank
outsider.- He had the staying qualities,
however, and -walked, away from Little
Frank a-nd Don Rylsy, who contested the
final ,heat with him. .
Cornelia -Belle was picked to'win the 2:17
trot," but after taking the first -heat waa
fortunate enough to get a place. • ¦ ¦', ;
The 2:16 trot was the best of the day.
Sister Alice was . a hot favorite, belny
backed heavily on the strength of her
showing at Cleveland, but Merriment won
In straight heats. Geers was. behind the
bay mare and each heat was. marked by
Columbus Driving Park.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, July 31.— Thla was a
day of surprises at the Columbus I>rlvjhgr
Park, for not a single favorite won. The
track, though good, was not- fast
FAVORITES LOSE.
Outsiders Capture All the Events at
DETROIT, July 31.— Results:
Seven furlongs— The Lady won. Master Mari
ner second. Expelled third. Time, 1:28.
' Five' furlongs— Golden Harvest won. Queen
Victoria second, Little Henry third. Time,
1:02%.' '
One mile— Mollle M won, Prince Zeno second,
Cousin 'Letty third. Time, 1:42%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Clara Wooley won. Earl
Fonso second. Beguile third. Time, 1:47%.
Short course steeplechase— Tolstoi won. Lord
Farondale second, Last Fellow third. Time,
3:0L ' '
On« mile— King Elkwood won, Joe damage
second. Prince of India third. Time, 1:43.
CHICAGt); -'{July 31.— R^ultsj. at Ha.w
thorn©:.; ••' :'=•.•• ' :'.. • .. ° ¦ • ••• i • . -
Six farlongs^-Bugaboo won, ¦Woodstlclc sec
ond; Fondo .third. Time, 1:16%. •• ¦'• '
• Six furlongs-r-Marsara won, Goebel second,
Onoinastus third. Time, .1:14W.- ."
Five furlongs — Fancywood won, Barbara M
second. Retea third. Time, 1:01%.
Seven furlongs— Limelight won,; Lomond sec
ond. Guess Me third. -Time 1:28%. .
Mile and a sixteenth— Alcedo won. The Un
known second. Scarlet Lily third. 'Time, 1:4S%.
One and an . eighth miles— Cogrooosey won,
Vlncennes second. Catastrophe third. Time.
Seven furlongs— Dutch Comedian won, L. T.
Caton second, Frangible third. Time, 1:27%. '
¦¦^ever rurjorigs-^Tortuisraa won, MouseltofCsec
ored. Sajyado third. Time. 1:29%."" • : ': .
. Five- furlonga— Donna Seay won, Compas8 sec- :
ond, Annie Chamberlain third. • Time. 1:02.
One and an eighth miles— Kittle Regent .won.
Captive Beoon-d.-Erw.tas .third.; '.Time. 1:55.-.
.One mrie-hJ'nhD Yerke* won.- ..The Benedict
second .sHaridlcappier third. Time, 1:41.
Seven ••furlong'si-aipsptta won. Our Lizzie
second, Xett'Bower third Time, 1:30. ¦ .
s Seven fiirJen^s-rrMcGrathlaila Prilpce won, Ju
tonla fiWond,-' '.§tites third: j- Time," 1:29»4.-
,bl5TROl^:;.Juj'y.-3l.— Htghland park' re
sults:' :.;.. ; : i- V. ¦' . • . ' '•':'.':;"•¦' " " ".
' Five fend'-a 1 half .. f urian£s^-;L.utes • Fonso won.
Piccador -seeOTxi t?lue; Steel _thlrd.- - Time, ,1:1ft.
Se-veji "^furrpnK'S,. 'selling-^-lfwct.. Annies' -won;
Marie. G.", Bri)>n\' seconS; • Liidy GurzOn. .thlid;
One mile;:. selling— fil'Can.ey' won,. .Sprang
second. Glen Ifc&ke third. •Time,. 1:12^: •• ... j
¦"Bt'x furlongs— BeiBieMacklln won-, Wtnne.be-
Jpur second, -Sam Lazanls third.' ' Time. 1:13%/
One mfle'-Md" seventy yards;: s,ellipgvH»v|:
land -.won. Ajpplej?iclc secpnd, jCboru* Bpy third.
-furiotiKS^Staff won, . 'Pirate- Queen seo-.
ortd,.- Empyreal third. . : .T|mfr' .1:03%. .,-.;;-;
;ST/LQyiS;:.Jyly;Sl«— Results it the Fair
Grounds: ---V ¦','".' . - : '"= V. "•;••" •"' •'• . .". i '¦
' Five ' '"-fUtlonKs, selUnK-^-The Brother won.
¦Cogswell neicond. 1 Kd K efleld tlitrfl. Time, 1:03 2-5.
¦ :six fiirlongs, •seH'lng^-Aierc'er-woB, Harry; Mc-
Coun .eecfdnd-.'-'fjIuke'tlUrd.- Tim?,- 1:15. •; •':]
'• The 'iD'tetaft- stakes," five and :;a" half furlongs-r
Janiice-wxih/iAli Saints setjorid; Agnes/D.' thirds
Time, 1*8 -:4-5- -".-¦'• i--:- * '¦¦¦ • v •"•• • '¦" • . . !
¦"One. mile, : selling— Betty. ' Gpay ¦ won,- -Bjlpadler
Ffrcond; ,K*lf third." • •flme..li42. ,".-.' • . ¦". '. " :
" s The Tllght handicap, ?0c. : furlong$— Meehanus.
wdril Helloba? ije'conid, :L'ady Uncaa third'. :Tlme,,
lns-4-5. " : ¦•":." •¦'¦"•. . .- . .".':': ,'..." • *' "
One mile iaiid : 'jan eighth — Decanter wpn. Blue
Away • Time. 1:54; • Onrjf. two, starters--
NEW; YORK 1 . July 31.^Results:
. 2:18 pace,' purse t500— Oak CJr-ove won>seconii,
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:l6. 2:U. 2:10Vi.
Lou Vaugrlin won-flt-st heat' In 2:10 and waj
second; Country." Girt third. . J3ob Bowsher,
Lady Goldfleld.afld- R§no if also started. -
2:40 pace, piinse $100 — Pluralln« wori third;
-fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:12H. 2:14, 2:I5Va.
Garnetta won tlrst and second ¦ heats and was
Bfcond. Ttin?. ?.:10H. 2:121*. .:Joe. Wheeler, third.
Jim Sharon arid Pat AVUkes.":aUo started. ; •'•
. 2:27 ttot; purte $500 — Contralto .won In slralsat
heats. Time.- 2;KV 4 .. 2}12«*. 2:15. Mable Onwanl
second,' Prince-Darkness third. " Cleora, Lilly
S1(ko, ; Extinct) : CorV.san^. aind Nel}ie B- also
started,'.-, '.'¦¦¦ : : - ¦• .••¦ . ¦¦ '. '•¦:•
UEKDRICKi ."Ia.. : :Jufar, 31.— The 1900
meeting- [ on -".the ;Hendrick. -"track- opened
•with a large : .attendanc,e, : . which witnessed
splendid. Contests over a;]fast. trick. , Re^
suits: ':.-. '¦¦ {•• .. ',; ."•' '.' ? '¦-.'•• ' '• '" ¦„.
For many years this painting was sup
posed to picture a sortie by night, but
when It was cleaned by Hopman In l!<*0
and its smoke and du»t removed the bril
liancy of sunlight was discovered.
¦ ¦ In this picture Kembrandt made a dis
tinct departure, not only In composition,
technique, picturesque values, but In a
certain human interest, from the works
of all his predecessors Illustrating civic
life, even outdistancing the records made
IV.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
REMBRANDT.
Pay When Cured
A FAIR OFFER TO WEAK MEN.
»• ¦¦¦^dLUrJ&zz&f' - * have the greatest Electric
1 - Belt in the world; greatest in
/^^W^^^^s/ d /^^^ t^ curin Sf greatest in! mechanical
/g^^^^-^^^^-^^^^Jx perfection, and I am a master in
K^^^uiTM c L7lUML!N^d^fe!yA *^ e application of its life-giving
tgrv^^ EUECTUIGBELT Jf%<F!& P ower — cJue to m y twenty years
WW^S^^i^^^^^if of study and ex P erien ce. 1
>S)[if know what Jt wil1 do> and can
a^^>?B0JE^py^ guarantee it. If you are a weak
a. '.r'*\.^- if you suffer from Nervous
• Epilepsy. : Debility, Exhaustion oi' Vital-
Artna Mine, Napa Co.. Cal.. Julr ». W>- ; IV Rhplimitkm I imf> Rarb-
uu. m. a. Mclaughlin*: Tour Beit. ' l y» txneumausm. Lame .oacK,
has done just as you said it would, and kfjHnf*v Stomach or I iv*r Trnn°.
it has nnea the claim. «o B ati»factoriiy N>a ne yt oiomacn or Liver, i rou
that I have not bad an attack »lnc« I b!eS, I Can CUTe yOU.
us«l It. This Je something wonderful. » i_ a. u 'mi
for before that i used to suffer from Any honest man who will se-
j them very frequently. J. F. COOK, j „„„ me canhave my Belt, and
if it does not cure him he need not pay for it. ' Is that fair?
Will any other concern treat you as fairly? 'Has 'any. other
man as much confidence in his remedy? Mv Belt cannot fail.
B;ware of old-stvls burnlnz elictroJe belts, w ich are using an Imita-
tion of my cus :ion electrodes. Call an 1 see the improvements in my Belt,
or write lor my free book. "¦« .\ .
T»T> TUT A TUT^T M1 ; M U1t« 702 Market St.. Cor. Kearny.
LlK 111- A- lYlfSLfiUfrillin. San Francisco, aijd Cor. Sprlna
lSXl*vXU« ;A« l!H_,J-rf<XUg 111111} an d Second St«,Lo»Angele*.-• ; :;:' ; .. - ¦' ! : ARRIVED. .•;•'
'.'..-;-. ..- ¦¦-'' ..' '' ¦-¦'/¦ Tuesday. Jnly XL
.Sttnr Wlllamett*,' llar.sen. 74 hours from Ana
»rtes. . . .- - • ..." .... • .
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
New York Stock Market.^ \: :
NEW TORK. July 21.— Some attention was
given to the closing dealings In the stock tnar
ket to-day by the cor.nlcting elements of .prices
*ng*nlcre& by the upward trend In Union Pa
cific *nd the realizing in Sugar. ¦ The. break in
Sugar proved th« more effective in Us influence
and the market closed weak at aboet the low
ievej of the day. aft^r hating mliown conslder
tfcle Rains in many stocks at an earlier period.
The trading was dull ana continued entirely in
professional hands. The early strength was re*
ficcte-d to sonve extent from the foreign mar
kets, which showed decided relief over the re
liability of the news regarding the .safety of
the envoys In Peking. The small commitments
on the bear *loe put out yesterday wers closed
up, helping the rlee. A cumber of statements
of 'railroad net earnlr.es for Jane - published
ov«r nlgbt were factors of strength.. This was
notably true of the Pennsylvania report on ac
count of the extent of territory covered by its
line* and the exceedingly varied. characters of
Its traffic, wrtich make Us statement* valued as
accurate reflections of the general . conditions
in the ratTroaiJ world. The stock of the com
pany ad\-anced IH under this influence and the
price raa well held. The large net Increase
Bhown by the Atchlson system did net avail
to hold the stock ana Burlington, after rising a
sharp fraction, frfl below : last night's level on
realizing «hni its tutwnent appeared. . The 2
I*r cent semi-annual dividend on Union Pacific
iia? Wn counted upon with certainty, on.ac r
oount of the authoritative character of tl*
rrrmtees maae,- The -dividend action was Im
mediately followed by lar*e and aggressive buy.
Ing for insldir Interest*, which carried the «tock
up 1%. This strength was effective In pulling
up tht. rest of the. list. In yeatertay'B realizing
movement, fiugar fell abruptly to lWH.an ei
tnme decline, of 4, asd American - Tobacco lm
rnedlajely-dropp^l 1 points In «ympathy. Metro
politan showed marked weakness and the whole
ll«t fell to the lowest. Union Pacific, yielding a
fraction. There was..- some' evidence of a epee
tilatlve contest.- between the friends .of . Union
Pacific and. Baltimore and Ohio.- on. account of
attempts on. the part ofbtijin on. Union Padflc
and bears .in JJal ttaor* and Ohio.' and draw un
favorable comparison between • the price pf
Union Pacific with th* dividends declared at
the rate of 4 per. cent, " and Baltimore and Oh»o
vitb dltidexKl. action. ret : to.be taken. ¦ There
wn* a Klltrht'y firmer tone. In sterling, exchange
to-da j- in Eplte.Df a shading In London discount
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $1 S?H
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 85
Sterling Cables ..'.......... — , 4 89>4
New York Exchange, sight . — i % : 12Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ". .'¦- 15 ,
Fine Sliver, - per ¦ ounce. . ;..."......' — • • . 6H4
Mexican Dollars,, nominal..;......- — '• ' ; 48^
JVhtat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Sp^t business is very
dull at the nominal quotation of 37s 6d, though
ships are generally asking 40s. 'The, chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
£9,220, against 36,665 tons on the same date last I
year; disengaged, 8278 tons.against 4966;' on the
way. to this port, * 185,700. tons, against 206,800. ...
WHEAT— Paris futures were -lower. Liver
pool was dull and- featureless. '•.' : -.: .;'•':".¦'
Chicago . opened ; easy ,- and ¦". declined slightly.,
I There were few orders either way. The: shorty
age in the- Northwest ls : .now: being proved,
by shipments from, the Southwest: tip Into, the'
¦dry districts: . One railroad alone; was short 300
. tars Mpnday on its orders to . take. ' Wheat from
Kanyas - City : to Minneapolis..- . This Idemand on
.th*>. Southwest . Is likely to overtake the supply
: any ¦' day.. /-.'-There '¦ iraa ¦ a good • export demand
Mondays . •¦¦; '.v. . ¦:¦¦},' '.;¦¦;¦ '¦•'.- :;¦'.¦':"¦:' •¦':.:.¦.-'.• .
''.-' Local- ftitures. 'were lower,; but:' the : Bpot mir
¦ ket- was '¦ unchanged. "• "-¦ •.¦¦:'• ¦:¦'.. i - .'¦ . '- - ; ¦
;. Spot Wheats-Shipping,- U 06; Milling, *1 07tf
(gilO/ :.--.: " : '-'. '.:¦. '.-. ¦-¦'¦'.•-¦¦!¦.: --¦ - : .-:; .. - ; a-. ; . ;^
: ; .::.•". •:. . CALL BOARD SALES. .:/' : ' ' '¦'.
'¦ 'Informal -Seasion— 9:15 o'clock—i)ecember-^18,
ooorctis.: $t 12: 60oo, ji u%;; w.ooo, »i 11%; io;
.-OOO'-'.U 11%: ;22.000,- JVUS.V .- > ¦;-¦- .¦'• V • .- ;; - ¦'
• Second. SeBslom-Decemberr-18,000 ctlt, $l-115i»
'• • Regular . 'Morning -Session— December— 22,000,
$1 11%:.: :¦: '¦¦¦¦ ' -y~ ¦ "?'¦ -': ; ' : ii '¦/ ¦¦•¦.' ;¦' .'.:,-! •::'-:•
Afternoon Session ¦'— December -—.2000 ctls.
:.'J1 11% :: 46.000. ji.iiH:j.V-"-' : >- '¦'(.''" ;;¦-¦:• ./-;: :,-Sf.v
•- BARLEY— The demahd'tor this cereal has Im
•¦. proved. c<?nslderably;:durlng' tije past- few -days,'.
.-The' reduction in "the- crop. -the low 'quotations
. .and. the :hlgh: price ofrOats. all conspire to pro^.
duce ai firm market- • -Bven. dark. and off grade
lots are how; In sopd demand; ''¦ - - - s-. ¦-'.
: ; Fe«d,.7&©7T I ic forNo. ' i and 67%(g>72^4c.for off.
grailcsf Brewing: and shipping. grades, 8O@$2Hc;
;-yhevaller, : .npmlnal. r ,-.;:'v.'\'. \ ; : : •;:/;•¦ ¦ '¦':¦'" '.'¦¦ '¦¦
•;¦;; ';-{. '-•• v: CALL BOARD SALES." N :,'¦. '¦'¦ .'•>!' \
'.'. Informal. Session— NO. saleis.-' '.:'. •¦¦ ¦ ; -'. .>-¦; "¦ ;* '
-" Second :.v Session— December— -S0OO".- ctls, "' 78Hc;'
: 2«0.'78e;- .-¦:.¦ , : : . : ¦:;,.-••>•.,^- ~- ¦ ¦¦ ¦;. -'¦-.
¦ • 'Regular Morning Se£slon--Deciehiberr-2000 ctls
78c,. :: :- -:•:.' -::-•¦¦'...•¦ ..7-: .-'-; : :- ' u ' Y .>-:.¦,¦ •
: --,Afternc>on 'Session— D«cember^2000 ctl«. Tthic.
' QATS— The : - market btM quieter,- owing to -the
.•¦fining- of : the: Governments •" wants for .the' mo
inent, but the lull is thought to ba only tem-
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
There was a fair business on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, but the only fluctu
ation of ncte was a. decline in Gas &. Electric
from S52>4 to 151%/ :-;: :' ' '. .-¦ • . - ; ;."..: ::"•;
: In the afternoon Gas & Electric recovered to
$51% and California Canners sold at JOS. '
. The oil stocks continued dull. ¦¦¦•:. .
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
has declared a dividend of 10c per share. ¦ ¦¦'.
A dividend of 50c per share by the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be paid to-day.
¦The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
will pay a dividend of 33c per share to-day.
•The Pacific Const Borax Company now pays
its dividends monthly at the rate - of- $l per
share, amounting to $19,000. One such dividend
was paid Monday. . .,
¦ STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. . ; ;
:" :;v ;•:'; s Tuesday, juiy.31-2 p. m. ••:'
•:.;¦• Bld.Ask.l ,' Bld.Ask •
. i..U S Bonds-- '¦¦•• • rJEqult G L'Co V* Z\,
48 quar-coup.-UJHllft (Mutual El Co. . 9*. It .
4« do reg...>..115^116 ;O G L & H... 43^4 50
4s do: co new.i33*il34% • Pac Gas Imp.. 49^ ~ ;
3s quar coup.-HO^lll Pac L Co^....^^ :
:illscellaneou*— .. Sac ElG&PCo. 22V— :
Cal-st Cah 53..116H — S F G i E.i.. 52H S3 :
C: C -Water 5s. 106. 197.,; San Francisco. 4% 5t4
Ed X.-& P 6S.129 .— V : Stkn.G & E Co lft —^
F 4 Cl Ry 6s. .113 ; — Inynrance--
Oeary-8t R 5s. — - : S9 ". Flrem's Fund.22S --
H C & S.5V4S. — ;,' —-.:. Bank Stocks*- :. : -: : . - : '
• Do 5s ..... ..ilOl:' —*¦ : ¦ Ansrlo-Cal Ltd* 66 ¦¦Ttt' -
L A R>v 5s,...104V4105'K Hank of Cal..41» «•
L ALt Co 6s. — '.¦• — Cal S D & T..104'4 —
;Do gntd fis.: — — First Nation!.. 274' —
L'A.gntd 5S...1C0 — }Lon P & A.. I34U Jil ¦
LAP R R5s. lOl^i Merdiantu' Ex 15 —
' MarKet-st Ss... — 12SVi N>v Nat Bkx.,' — — '
.Do 1st >l Ss.llS •' -r ...'• Savings Banks-—-' ¦ :
NCN.O.R-...--:. G^r.S & L.V.im --
N U of Cal 6s. 113 — I Hum S & L.V.- w '-. '•:
• Do 6s...;u<V.U75i —V Mut Sav Bk..: 43 ; —
NP:C.R:R«s.101 ¦—;'. S F Sav U... 505 •— ¦¦¦-
.. EK>ai.--:«v..J..H;6>4 .~ ; Sav& L So^. 74 ¦ 78 ".'¦•
N Cat Ry 6»;.1UH — Sec Sav Bk.. — —
Oak G LAiI5s.linii — ; jUnlon T Co....' --' — :
S a £ * T . n^ n;6 *-- U5H ir ¦ tre *t Railroad*- :..
Oa1c\\ Co as.. — ¦t04-- California -. 123 — ¦ :
Oceanic SCO.. 104 V, U*U Geary-Bt .....' 50
Om C Ry :6»..12iV» SS (Market-st 1..".. 63%'— . ¦'
P A Cl Ry «s.Ka*s -r:'. O 8 T. & H... — —
P A O R R6S.115 — Prestdio ...y... — 22U
Powetl.-st R 6s.l2i> — ::¦'-. . Powder Stocks— • ¦;
Pae El O&RSs. 9SU — J California ....1S5 182%
8 F k SJV5«.11SU — : Giant Con Co.. — • 88
S-R-'of Cal 6s. Ill HIS Viporit ........'3« Z*i
S Kief A Jfr.'.illl -. Sugar Stocks- : ¦ • .. ¦¦
g P C 6s<ft05).10O 112 Hana S P C». 8 »i
Do U90«) ....112 .113 Haw C & 8 Co 87 —
D» <1912) ....119. — Honokaa S Co 31*'— :
PPRClst prntSm. — : — Hutch S P Co 23- •.—.''
S P r»r 6».....1S2 134 Kllaura S PCo 19\» 19V
B -V. Water 6s. 115 — Makawell 5 Co.^ 46>4
Do 4s .......1034104 Onomea S Co. 2«H — . .
•Do2d mtg..l0! — Paauhau S Co. 30% 31"-
Stocktn Gas «s 99H — . MlscelUneous— I
- Water Stocks— Al Pack Asan.117 118 :
Contra Costa... — «8^4 Cal Fruit Assn 97H 9S>4
Marln County. M — Mer Ex 'Assn." 97 • 100 . .
Spring Valley* 94 94tf Oceanic S Co. 92% 93 .
THE STOCK MARKET.
Cash quotations. : were 1 ¦' as'-' follows: •.¦.Flour.
quiet:- No.-3 Sprirrjs .Wheati'S»!g73c; No. -2 jted.
76>^S'77Ho;: No. • 2 Com; 35%f 3S5ic ; Np, • rQali,
2iy*c ; No. ' 2 white ; - £3H<i-'*Hc; . : No.".; i . White,
2%c; No. :2 Rye. 5Q@52^c; iGood Feeding -Bar
ley. 3S@36c; Fair tti. Choice Malting,: 42® 45c;' No:
1- Flax Seed.,.$l 60;- Pure Timothy Seed; S3 10;
Mess Pork, per bbl,:$ll,95©12f Laird, per VX> lbs,
$S S2H§5 ?5 j. Short Ribs, ; siaes. (loose}. - 17^7 SO;
Provisions showed :: much. ¦:. strength ; to-day
Stocks pf. ' all kinds .weri- reported very, light
and a good .cash- demand . was evident, .-.Lead-:
ing packing interests : were- good -.buyers ' an-i
prl«fs: were kept on-; the up-grade Until after
noon.: when.some reaction 4ue: to' realizing' took
place.-- The-cloee, however^. was : strong: at' sub
stantial advances all round.' ; Pork closed 27 '4c
higher: lard!: 7U.SJ0C higher; . September ' ribs.:
12Hc' higher. .¦:;.-.: ¦].¦¦.> :=.•;¦; '¦¦":.. .¦¦<¦:<'¦¦¦¦¦;' :
; The leading ¦ futures, ranged ag ' follow* :. : . ' '; . - ;
Oats ; were -.! exceedingly weak : and - closin?
prices showed a material .decline. Sentember
closed %ig We.' lower; at 21H®'21V4<S..:r
CHICAGO. July 31— Opening, trades in Sep
tember wheat were . made ; at ' prices H@V»c
lower than yesterday's closing; 75c being of
fered at. first.; The. price soon slid off another
small fraction to .74%c,- then .'reacted to 75i»c.
which proved to.be. the high "mark for the
day. Liverpool was V4d up, but that had no
Influence, the main factor In the decline b-j
irg tlie perfect weather in the Northwpst, with
the comparative weakness ¦ of the markets In
that section. . Scalpers were moderate sellers,
but for some time the . market held fairly
steady at about 75c on a:gradually decreasing
amount of trade, the transactions finally grow
ing so inslgnlllcant that . the pit was almost
deserted. Chiefly from .- this cause the Sep
tember price . Elowly slipped off . to 74%c. ; but
belpw. 75c- there appeared" -to .be a fair de
mand and the price was .riot allowed to remain
at that point long and during the'last hour
the market -again assumed some ¦ degree of
Bteadlness, helped somewhat by reports of good
export engacements at the Seaboard. Trading
throughput tho session was almost entirely of
a local nature, outside orders being few and
far between. . Peptern.ber\: closed at'.-747»@73c.
Corn tvus fairly steady' within^ narrow limits.
September, closed : unchanged at : SS&c. ~. .:¦.: -:
Chicago: Grain Market:
NOTE— In the abov» exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive, tides of th»
day «ii the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column glTes the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the* last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except -when there are but
three tides. a» »omettmes occurs. - The hetgats
given are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign C— ) precedes tlve height.
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference is the mean of the lower low water*.
United States Coaat and Geodetic Survey—
Times » and Heights of High ' and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official aa
thorlty of the Superintendent. —
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front ( Mission-street wharf> about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the tame at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
New-, York Metal: Market:
NEW YORK, July 31.^-the general undertone
of the. local 'metal market vat. easier, though
prices showed no ppsltive variation. The cable'
news was irregular and reports from : the West
were not calculated to give the market a stable
tjend. At the close the Exchange called::.'
PIG IRQX^Warrants weaker at J12 50.' nom
inal. - ; ; I,!:-.:'- . , ; -:-- : - .:-- .- U ' ¦•¦-:¦- .
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged,' $16 60.' : • .
. TIN— Quiets $32 50*333. ¦¦':-.. -.
LEAD^Dull. $3 97H@4 02«,4, - '. :". ¦
SPELTER— Quiet at |4 25@4 SO. . . . • . : '
..-¦;¦;¦ ¦' I-.}"- ¦?*;.-. rmiED fruit. . ..':-.:
NEW^ YORK." July ai.— Evaporated Apples
met with comparatively little call again to-day
but ruled - tolerably steady, at -. about : former
Prices.;.: -California . dried : ; ¦ fruits'-, were Inactive
and featureless; •'- • ¦>".'. ' ¦'.-',' '¦-.¦¦ •>• --.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
I}^@8oi -primes. .-.ISJigsiiCi'i ¦• cUolce. 6-7i©C%c;
Ca'lifORNLA. DRIER PRUNES— 3Vi^7c
APRICOTS-Royal. llig-.14c; Moorpark. 15^17c,
PEACHES— Peeled, H&lSjjr.unpeeled 669c '
New York Grain: "and Produce.
NEW. YORK,: July 31.— FLOUTt-Recelpts.
33-.E46 bbls; exports, ll.lCO.bbls; tales. 6750 pack -
ares; steady, but *-lthout ; important demand. :
WHEATT-Receipts.. 66,425 bushels; exports,
3.1.S71 ftushels; sales. •.2.57S.C0O tmshels futures;
409.000 tushels; export.; Spot market steady; No
2 Red. 7S>ic »'le\-ator; No.: 2. Red, n%c t. Q. b.
afloat. No. .1. Northern' DiiiutH.'SlUo f o b.
af?.pat:to arrive;. No. T hard Piiluth. - S6i4c fa
b.. aflcat to «rrive f . Options opened steady on
roreign buying, but tascd olt'.ai.d wer? exceed
ingly dull,: within a narrow range all day
Dirar,pointln< cables, a less a:tlve ex^rt trad-j
ar.diiouldation termed the chl»f bear influence
UoFed sttady on lat* covering at a partial tic
net advance. S?ptemberV 79?i^S0 J-l6c .'lo-ed
SOvic; October. St-^e^OHc. closed S0%c • 'DecVm
ber. SlHesi ' ll-l€c r - closed 61%c. -^ec.ni
' HOPP-Qufet: . : ; - : .' .. -" ' -
HIDES-r-Steady. ' :¦'. '¦¦-'''¦ ¦'[".< ¦¦¦¦ •/:
WOOL-Quiet. ."¦.:.: -^ •' ... :.:>
COFFEEJ— Jipot Rio easy; Nn. : 7 Invoice 9%c
mild, steady. : Futures— Closed steady at a net
decline of J0 : to L'O points-. Total sales, 24,000
lags, mcluding September. J8 05^8 10; Novem
ber, $S 25; December, $S 35SS 40; January $s"45
riarch. VmtS 00; April. JS 53. ; - ' ¦ • '
:Sl'OAR-P,aw, steady; fair reflning, 4Hc; cen
trlfugal, ?6 test. 4hc. Mola3«cs sugar steady '¦
4-4.C, Refined, iteadybut quleier. ; '¦:' •
HUTTER-Recelpts, 16,0t^ packages;, steady 1 '
Creamery. . 17©19'ic; Current Packed: Factory.'
14jjlS>iC- •-..-¦¦.. ;..'. .: •••: •-.,.¦'•.. ; • -. .
EGGS— Receipts. 15,763 packages: steady
Western, at mark, ll@13%c; Weetern. less off
«»&:;¦:'.;:--.'_.•¦.>•!.,-•.•:•..¦=/-; .¦.-•.••¦¦.. •¦-. • . •'.
weather j>revallB over the greater
portion of : the oountrj* west of the Rocky
Mountains. An area of low pressure overlies
the Ilocky Mountain region and the usual eum
mcr lo»" i>revalls over the valley of the Col
orado. During the past twenty-four hours
%there has hwn a rapM rise In pressure over
Northern Califorrla and Southern Oregon. •
There has been a sharp fall in temperature
over the country between the Sierras and the
Rocky Mountains. . ¦--.-': ; : . .
Thunderstorms are reported at the following
stations: Seattle, Walla Walla, Independence.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Portland, SS miles per hour from the
eouth-west: Baker City, 26 from the south;
Phoenix. 40 from the east; Wlnnemucca, 30
from the southwest. . . . .:¦•'.
Rain tas fallen along the eastern slope of
th« Sierras and in the mountains of Arizona.
For^ca^t made at San Francisco for thlrty
fcourf ending midnight August 1, 1500: ¦¦'¦
Nonhern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
rorthwfst wlr.4s. ¦..¦¦¦• . .. •
Soyth^rn California— Fair Wednesday; . f res&
irestfrJy winds. . - :.-'.'¦ •
NevaUa — Cloudy Wednesday. . . :: . ,-•:¦
Utah— Khowers : cooler Wednesday.- ' . ¦ ."¦•-.'
A rlrona— Showers Wednesday in the moun
tain*; cloudy elsewhere.
San Franclico and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh northw^pt wind*.. ¦ '¦'¦¦¦¦. ;
ALEXANDER McADlE, Forecast Official.
'- H20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
5AX FRANCISCO. July 31, 1900-5 p. m.
The f'-".^ins »re the marimnm temperature*
reporsV -;-.-?» 4ti<*!j« in California to-day:
Eur^-k ...;.:.V«4|Los Angeles.. S6
Mount "/.-..-."¦ ji^nt>..'. '. 74'Sacramento 86
Indejx n<Vri<-*- ,.,;..... acjgan Luis Oblspo.... 78
Red Biuft. ..::.,...:.:. 94 Ean Diego 74
Fresno .. ..;..;. :...,. .1021- ;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CS: minimum, 58; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
"Future appU-s are lower again, and weak,
five cars having been sold at 4 l »c for October-
November delivery. The fact that these were
told by a large up-State operator, who had
hitherto made no Baled whatever. Is regarded
as eignificant."- . '¦.'.'¦.¦..¦¦¦¦;-'.-:;.
and EtiK'ks h*re are light, but It Js evident that
there are fair stocks In the hands of the coun
try Jotb^Tf. a condition Which pre^-«>nts many
or<3t»rs coming here. With any particular de
mand, raisins. would likely go to higher prices.
as the local position of the goods Is a gooj]
one.- : Prunes also show decided strength, and
•here }f no lack of bids at prices which a week
ago - would have been accepted. In view of a
fhorta«?e of large Elzee, ho^feier, holders have
advanced prices, and are now asking 64c for
40-5"s, and 6e for 00-€0s. The apricot situation
Is about the same. A report received from the
coapt yeftenlay faid that the Santa Clara pack
would be less than hoped for. . ::
The New Tork Goramerclal say»: ". ¦
'.'Currar.tt were decidedly stronger again, and
to-*iay indications are that a further ad%-ance
in price n^.y be ecored. Among yesterday's
eales was one of 100 barrels at 6%c, and the
maiicet wri verj' finn at that figure. A bid of
a shaSp unfler for a igood lot was said to have
tc^-n lurrwJ down by the largest holder in the
rr.axk<n, f"ime little inquiry was noted for Cali
fornia raisirus. ; The market on raisins is rtrong
Dried Fruit in Xew York,
•In addition to cargo previously reported the
City of Pueblo, which Bailed Monday for .Vlc
tcria, carried the following merchandise, valued
at jc::.s. . : )- .- .: ;^:::.: : r :: ¦¦¦¦-¦"¦;¦ :- : "^ ¦¦¦¦ -; ¦- ' :.'--:l
Two hunired and forty-eight pkgs vegetables.
22 « drj'gpods. 232S pltga fruit. 19 boxes or
anijes. n pkgs machinery, ¦ 16 pkgs . hardware,
ZZi £ks rr.ajt, 8 sjts beans. >-' .':./..' : : .¦•.'/".-.¦ ' v ;
An Additional Manifest.
: The coinage of the local •¦; mint la Joty was
J6,CS0,S27. a« folloTrs: Double eagles. $6,540,000;
fcalf dollars. $139.e00; dimes. J10.S27. . : '. -'¦.:;-. :
Coinage of } the {Mint.
Local bank . clearings In July were tSS,0S2,6Sl.
against JS2. 594,5.-1 for July, 1599. For the flirt
eeven months of the rear -they were $:*"7, 172,021.
against J^OOO.SSS during the same time :last
year. ; ; > : '-y -.:/¦;-. ; : r.'- - X :; '. ¦ - ; : - ¦.¦•-.-.:.•¦'¦'¦.• :. ' ¦ :V--*\..'->.'.'/-!
Bank; Clearings.
rates. The question of gold exports this week I
remains undecided, with tu-day's conditions |
against tte arobabilitj-. ¦¦ " : '. -.¦.'¦ '¦.¦¦¦ ' '•:.'.'.'. -1
The bond market was firmer to-day, but very
dull. Total sules, j>ar value, J3S2.0OJ. United I
States refunding 2s, when issued, declined 4 I
and the 3s,. old 4s and £s Vi at the last call!
to>dar. •••:¦¦¦•¦•.¦.¦ - •¦' '• .'¦ ¦'•¦- -'¦•.':' :•.-]
r ;r NEW TORK STOCK LIST. -^
Shares :? -ir ...<; "',-:/. -'-¦< . -:'¦ - .'.. . Closing i
..Sold. Stock-* ... - - : ' •>¦-:«.- :- Bid/ ; J
¦ .SoO.Atchison -:..;.. ;..i...'v........ .i.i*..'.. 2S :\
Z,i23 - Atchlson prefd ..:.. ,....v........ 68% I
* i.z:* BaltiTT-cre & Ohio.. ...... „;. „.......: 74% -i
-WW Canadian Paciao '..... >.i.'..v..',..;.... S7Vi
.....^ Canada. Southern ..............i. ........ 4SVS '
1.150 Chesapeake & Ohio. ....... .:..,... .... ; 2i\ -j
. HO Chicago Ureat Western.;. ,.'..... 10!» j
. 9.960 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy..:...125Vi 1
...'...„-. Chlcagid, Ind &. Louisville....:... :... 23 ;..
. ; 225 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.'!... 51 - :
• ... .... : Chicago .& Eastern Illinois . ...'.. . ¦'. .;.-. Do ' :
¦ 650 Chicago & Northwestern.,.. ...... : ...'.1&T%
.:X065 Chicago, Hock Island &. Paciflc.-./.V.lOS*'*
....... CCO * fit Louis.;. ,„....:.. ......... i&u, i
.100 . Colorado Southern . .:...:.:. .^.. .: 6.-
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d -prefd... ...16
....... Delaware & Hudson. ;...;_;-.;;. 112 '
........ Delaware, Laekawar.na & Western.. 175H
,.,.... Denver & Bio Grande...;............. 17«4
'....... l>enver & Rio CJrande prefd. ;....,.., 65H
225 &!»..,;..;..;,;, .- 104i
108 Erie 1st prefd... : 22
100 Greet \c>rtfeern preid. .............. ..152*; '1
: ..;.^.. .Hocking Coal .......;....:....:„'.......: 13>» J
....... Hocking Valley: ..;.;.,...:......;,..;. 33V (
2,^0 llllnuis Central. ...„..>....;..... Il'.<»» l
WO Iowa Central .'.^. '.,.....'.... 13»fe I
....... Iowa Central prefd,.vi... ...........;, 46 '"¦..
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf...... 16 i -
'-. ; Lake Erie & Western.. .,...,:.:...»,.; 26 '
— .....- Lake Krie & Western prefd.. "...SO.
....... Lake Shore .... ¦.......¦..;.. /..'.v..2U) \
1.138 Louisville & Nashville,. ./v;;... ..,..;: 71H j
1,710 Manhattan Elevated >w»,J.;.,.U..... 89% -I
1.450 Metropolitan Stre«t Railway;. 153 H j
2iX> 'Mexican Central .-.:.... 12
100 ilinmapolls & StLoQis..,..'... ...... 55
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 'prefd 92
4.250 Missouri Pacific - i..... r ..v....... 43Vi
100 Mobile & Ohio.. .'..... ......;.-...>... ...37h |
. KK) Missouri, Kansas & Texas.. 10 •
S25 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30Vi I
400 New Jereey Central.. .:..12S .
800 New York Central.............. ..125*4
460 Norfolk &. Western.. 32V
....... Norfolk & Western prefd MH.'.|
3,460 Northern Pacific £0H 1
.,.,... Northern Pacific prefd................. 71V* •
S00 Ontario & Wertern 20 j
....... Oreffon Railway & Navigation 42 1
....... Oregon Railway &. Nav prefd. 76 1
14,010 I'ennsylvanla ...1IS% -i
Reading .....lSVel
L700 Reading'. 1st prefd.. ..;........ 59
Reading 2d prefd 28
Rio Grande Western , 5S% j
....... Rio Grande Western prefd W
....... St Louis & San Franclsao. '.,.:.'.'. 9 ' |
....... St Louis & San Fran l»t prefd...... 66 :
....... Et Louis & San Fran 2d prefd....... Z2% J
....... St Louis, Southwestern. «..„:.....;;.. 10 I
200 St Louis, Southwestern prefd....... 25H J
1,750 St Paul ,./. ...110%1
St Paul prefd ;.....„. .,..170%:!
St Paul & Omaha .....; .110 1
1.290 Southern Pacific 33
155 Southern Railway lOTi -I
lt« Scutbern Railway prefd. -...,.' 51% I
1.SJ0 Texae & Pacific ....................... 14H I
S2.?60 Union Pacific ... 5S^» »
1,475 Union Pacific prefd. .....«...;.. 75 l ,i 1
1C0 Wahaeh .....,.........;.. ,..v.....w.... 6%
......: Wat ash prefd ...... ..^ i .....; 17'4 J
500 Wheehns & L E ......;.. 8% {
....... Wheeling & L E 2d prefd..........".. 23*4 i
;...... WLsecns in Central 13 j
230 Third Avenue .................;.1O3
Ex.pre?s Companies. ..'. ¦ : ¦ ¦ ! . '¦ ; f
.... Adams ..;..;..... ,...125
....... American - .154 . ,
,..;.w. United States 45 I
....... Wells Fargo .123 ,1
-Miscellaneous.. ~ . .-¦.:.• ¦..'•;}
... American Cotton Oil ..,.;:..„ 34H 1
....... American Cotton Oil. prefd. ,- SSH \
....... American Malting .... :: 3% ¦>.
....... American Malting prefd ...:.„....... 19. j
American Smelting and Refining.;.. 36*4 i
....... American Smelting and Refining pfd S7ifc
... American Spirits .......,....',.;....... : 1V> I
....... . American Spirits prefd .-..,.......,. 17 ¦ ¦]
300 American Steel Hoop ;.......;....... 19
..100 American Steel Hoop prefd. ....$6 I
6,045 American Steel & Wire............. S2\i I
....... Arrertean'.Bteol & Wire prefd....... 53 !
£00 American Tin Plate ................. 21% I
, American Tin Plate prefd ... ....... 76
10,586 American Tobacco .'..; 91 •"•
American Tobacco prefd :. ;.*....;. ..128
720 Anaconda Mining Co ...'..„..... 41%
8.2S0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit. S6H I
200 Colorclo Fuel & Iron. ;. 33
SIO Continental Tobacco :..... . 2414 I
400 Continental Tobacco prefd .......... 77Vi 1
"¦: S r 150 Fedf-ral Steel .;..^.j.....;;"... ;....... 31%
C2O Federal Steel pre?d ; 64
.....;: General Electric .....i....l2SVi
110 Glucose Sugar ;.......... oV/k
/.-.Glucose Sugar prefd 109 .
....... International.. Paper 22 !
.;....; Intornatlcnai Pap*r prefd i., 163 !
: 250 : Laclede G»s ... '; 7J \
....... National Biscuit 30 '
.".....-.. National Biscuit prefd .; 85
, -.'•. Naticjnal Lead 1914
..;.'... National Lead prefd 96* 4
' 400 Natl-onal Steel '. 23'^
Sti?el prefd. S3V>
.; New York Kir Brake.... 128
....... North American 15
...i... re.cl.flc Coaat ..^; ...; ........ 11
;.; Pacific Coast 1st prefd S3
...;..- Pacific Coast 23 prefd 62H
450 Paclnc Mail 29%
*10 People's <!as .9774
"250 Preyed St»el Car ...". ......'; 3914
150 PressmJ Steel Car prefd 71V4
„.-.;.. Pullman Palace C«.r .......183
: 100 Standard Rope & TWlne.......,....,,, 5' : .
C9.0S5 Sugar ;...,...:.... 120H
....... Sugar prefd ...... ...i .....;. ...... 1164
". 2.8C0 Tenneeeee Coal & Iron. .:...:... ..;... 67%
1.103 United States Leather ......;..'...;... 10H
......'. United States Leather prefd........ 68 '
5.CW United States Rubber ......;. 27'4
: 242 United States Rubber prefd ;.. iBVi
' 3C3 -Western .Union - .-.;.'..,... 79
.... Republic Iron & Steel C0.............1OU
4C0 Rei»ubllc Iron & Steel Co prefd . £2- ¦
....... PC C & StL. ..:,..;...., 52%
233.400 - Shares sold. ¦¦.¦.;-.¦ [y-j.'-.^-.y-H. ¦:-^s ; -
;¦;-./ : ; v CLOSING BONDS. : :.V ;. .;."-•; ": ".
N J Cent gen 6s. ...122 lUS 2s reg.......'...l0O
Nor Pacific 3s ..... SCViU S 3s reg....,.....lO9Vi
Nor Paclnc 4s ...».104 . U S 3s cotip. ;....... no'v
NT C & St L 4S..107 V S new 4s reg'...I32%
Nor & West con 4s, 97% V S new 4s coup.. .133S
Or Nav lsts:,.....v.lO9 V S o'.d 4s reg... ...14514
Or Kav 4s ;.;.;. .,.'.102% I' S old 4s coup/./. 115V
Or Ehort Line 6s .;. 123% [U ¦ B ' 6% ¦ res ;,;v. ; ;.. .vliaS-:
Or 8 L con Xs ...1.112 ill S 6s conp ;..„: ;:114tt
Reading Ken 4s .....S7%Dl6t of Col 3 658^123
R G Western lat». SS gen 4s...;i<tt ¦
St L * I M con.Cs.no : lAtchtson adj 4s.... 83>-i
St L & S F gen 6«i.l21 Canada Sou 2nds..lO7V«
BtPaul con....;...lE6Vi C Si 0 4Hs,,.U.;;. 99H
Et PC & P Jsts....liGStC &.O 6s.i;;i. ;....:. 1164
Pt P C i P 5S......USH C & N W con 7S..141V4
Sou Pacific 4s...... 79 C&NW S F deb 5s.l22
Bou Ry -6».-. ;...,>-. lCS*itChics»«-6 Ter 4s..... S2H
S Roj>e & T «s....; 72^ifColo Sou 4s,,..,:.... S5 .
Texas & Pac lsts..lll In & R G lsts.;;....102
Texas ft Pac 2nds: 55 11) & R G 4s;..;..;.^ 97%
Cnlon PaclUc 4s.,:.105tS Erie gen 4s \.. .;.... C8»>
Wabash lst» .....vliC^'K W & t> C lBts..';- 71 ¦
VTabath 2nds ..,.'.. lC3S|G«n Electric Bs.^.llSH,
West Ehore.4s ...;.UlVi'It>wa Central lst»..113
Wis Cent lst« ..... SS !KC P & G lsts~.. 70tf
Vlr Centuries ..... 89% f L& N unl 4s....;.. 98%
U: S 2« ,nt . reg. fai K & T /4nds 69,
¦when Issued .....IC4M K & T 44 ...;... 90^4
US 2s ref coup NT Central lsta..V» :
when, issued ; v .-.W4^.v : >;. - ¦¦ ;¦.:..-;:
passaee. buyers and sellers apart; cargoes No.
1 standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s; cargoes ' Oregon, ; 30s 6d; English country
markets, quiet.' , ¦.'..¦.. : . .
LIVERPOOL. July 31.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s 2d@Cs 2%d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour-.ln Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 ll-16d. .
• : . ¦ ¦ CLOSING. ;. . ¦ •
WHEAT— Spot— Dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 2dv No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3d; No. 1
California. 6s Hd<96s 2d. Futures— Quiet: July,
nomln.il; September, 6s Vid; December, 6s l%d.
CORN— Spot— New, quiet; old, steady; Ameri
can mixed new, 3s lid; American mixed old, 3s
ll%d. Futures— Quiet; September. 3s HVid; De
cember, : 3s UTid. .
LONDON. July 31.— Consols. 97 15-16; >ilver,
2S 3-16d; French rentes, • lOOf 10c;. cargoes on
Foreign -Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 31.-^ Wheat quotations are
nominally 55c for Valley. and Walla Walla and
ESc for' Bluestem. ' . ; ; ¦ ,':'- : •:.:¦.' :... ¦¦^¦¦:/\:
¦ -¦' .v -WASHINGTON.^!./; : ' '.V •¦:•::¦
TACOMA,' July Zli— Wheat unchanged. B)ue»
stem,- 58c;. Club, C6c. :••;.,..•,.¦ .;¦'-. :/" ;..;•:;!
PORTLAND. Or. : . July 31.— Clearings. .J273,.
B07; balances. J78.977J .-¦.- :'¦.;::, '. ' : ; - .' •
Northern -Wheat : Market.
Portland's Business:
BOSTON, : July 31.— Some . Improvement '¦• is
noted la the. wool market. here. Manufacturers
are not exactly ready to buy freely, but there is
bidding. on many lines of wool and in some
instances fair purchases are made. Arrtviu.-,
«£ woo! from the AVest, which have been light
for Borne time,, are now more \ Quo
tations; ¦'¦ .- . ¦¦ ' .. •¦ j... ¦;.;. - - - ••;:. . ¦. .. ; ..";---" : -
Torritory wools, scoured basis— Montana an 1
Wyoming, fine medium '-'-and fine'. Wiijl*';.
scoured 50c, staple- 52@53o: ' Utah, fine medium
and fine 16§17c. : scoured 50c, . staple . E2|f53c;
Idaho, .line medium:, and fine ;16'gt7c,' scouretl
50c,- staple :52ig53c. : 'Australian,:.- scoured • spot
prices, combing . ¦ superflne, ¦ nominal, 82©s7c;
good, gC©S2C. . ¦..',••¦ • : : " ' i. : . ¦:.'=•.;•.•¦-•-•.'.. '-¦'.:..: .
Boston ¦ Wool ¦¦ Market!
CHICAGO,. July 31.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500,
Including 600 Western rangers and 12CQ Texans.
Steers, steady to ', etrong; . Westerns, about
steady; butchers' stock, firm. Natives, best on
sale to-day four carloads at J5 80; good to prime
steers. J5 2C^G 85; poor to .medium. H Wi li;
selected feeders, steady to strong, J4Q-1 70;
mixed. Btock'e'n. . J3@3 90; cows, J3@4 60; heifers,
}S 10fr5; canners. J2 50@4 9Q; bulls, J2 8Q#4 60;,
calves, steady. S5 60<gS 60; Texas fed steers,,
steady,- $4 4Cijro 35; Texas-grass steers, J3 40@4 25.
HOGSr-Receipts to-day. 13.000: to-morrow, 24,
000; lelt over. 3000. Choice light, shade higher:
heavy, shade lower; top, J5 37H; mixed ; and
butchers', JJ 10®5 37V4; good to chtlce heavy,
J5 .1*35 3214: rough heavy, J4 90S5 05; light. J5 15
@5 37%: bulk of sales,. J5 15@" 30. . • :... , ' • I
• SHEEP-l-Recelpts.- 10^005. Sheep and lambs,
eteady; .choice, flrnu -common • lambs, easier.
Good to choice wethers, J4 10(S4 50; fair to
choice mixed, J3 35(?f4 .10; Western sheep, J4@
4 40/ Texas rheep. tX l<*f?4; native lambs;. J4 25®
6; Western lambs. . J'iiQ-fr. '.;-...- : .-. ¦;'••¦
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. July 31.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
lett. Jl 50@l 80 box, Peaches— Early Crawford,
D0c«i$l 10 box. . Plums— Burbank. Jl 05@l 30 sin
gle crate; Columbia, Jl OC@1 10; Purple Duane,
SOcgJl. Grapes-Malaga, Jl 40@l 75 single crate;
Clustery Jl 65@2 30. Twenty-one cars sold to
day - - , •• ¦¦'.''.
CHICAGO, July 31.— The Earl. Fruit. Com
pany's sales of California fruft: : ; Pears—llart
lett, Jl 25@1 C5 box, Jl half box. .Peaches-
Early Crawford, Jl 25SJ1 35 box; "Foster. Jl 100
115; fensquehanna. Jl 40^1 43; Reeves, 7oc@Jl Si-
Plums— Yellow Egg. 9oc@$l 45 slngle^crate;
Jl lO^l 40: Follenbergi ... *.l 20© J 4o.
ITunes— Gros, Jl SoifTl 40; -. Tragedy," Jl 30Q1 3d.
Twelve cars fruit sold to-day. . -.] h
BOSTON. July 3O.-The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day:-.Pears—IJart
letts, box, Jl 3C<£f2 05. average . Jl-.-Sl. Plums—
Yellow Egg, single crates 75c(^Jl 30. average
Jl 09; Kclfey Janans, single crates, $1 Boffl-w).
average Jl 59: Satsuma, single crates, 6')@S5c,
average 71c; Purple Duane,-' single crates. tW
1 05. ai-ersure Jl 03. Prunes— Germans, single
crates. Jl^l 15, average Jl 14; Tragedy, single
crates. 95c@Jl 15, average Jl 18. Peaches-Early
Crawfords; box, Jl 1O@1 «5, average ¦ Jl 50. Ten
cars sold to-day. •••--•"• - ''l*~ ¦" . ¦ '
PITTSBURG. July 30.— The Earl FTult Com
pany-auctioned California fruit to-day and re
alized the following prices; Pears— Bartletts,
box, Jl 50(31 SO, average Jl 57. Plums— Burbanks,
single crates. Jl 30<?l 45, average Jl 33; Colum
bia, singles crates, 75c@Jl CO, average Jl 37. .One
car sold to-day. . * ; . --..., • ' •¦•
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures lozvcr. :•': Freights easy. .;_'!• - , ¦
Barley and Oats kndingufnvard. ;:
Corn firmly held. Rye neglected.
Flour and MUlstuffs. unchanged. \ .':.;. ; , ;,
Hay beginning to show some recovery. Rolled. Barley firm.
Bran and Middlings as previously quoted. . - :
Beans and Seeds about as before. . \'y .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful- : ./¦...
Butter a fraction higher again.. . . .- : ;:;;
Cheese in large supply and weak. ;. : . "'¦ : : • :
Eggs in rather larger receipt and quieter,: "¦} • ;. • ., ;. . . :
Poultry market quiet at low prices. v . • . * ::- : .
Fresh Fruits generally quiet and steady. ¦{:¦ .. { ; . ¦ .• - „
Dried Fruits in fair demand. ./ ¦:¦. . .' ¦ ; ¦ \ . . : . . . ..
Tlie Prune situation continues all at jm. : , .' .¦;':%. ¦'.';
Provisions showing rather more tone. : / ; -. (¦)¦'<: > '¦¦¦'.
More nibbling at Wool reported. Hops neglected, v ; /'; • • '
H^es-C&ittinue tOcak ivith large supplies..: y' -..r./' ;'.-;: ; :: ;
Hp^ cid^dnc^^ffra^twn under light receipts. . > w.^y^:-[- - :
'.(/tial iiiqrkei very firm and lightly stocked. '¦:¦' \ ;..:;!.¦ Z;'-\ :¦.. ¦
\'n change in Oils. ¦¦¦¦:¦. :. ';^\\. -:^''.^ : -- ] -:---^'- .".:¦[ /¦•-¦¦¦
July bank clearings larger than last year. . : •
iJ^fi* ?£>• *? y^-Atchlson. 26%c: Canadian
Pacific, 8;v«ic::- Union Pacific pnti, 77 V4c; North
ern^PacIfic pwfd. ,73; Grand" Trunk. 6'Act Ana-
Itc^ey:!^ P^'cen"'" .'?:?^. * & ° Z ''
closing;
Money: was: in good. demand for end of the
mo "t" = requirements. The bank did a large
i NEW YORIC. July 31.—The Commercial Ad
vertiser's:- .London ; ;: financial cablegram says-
Business was not increased In the markets here
to-day, the public not even ; nibbling, but the
tone was harder on the developments in China
and Africa.-'. Paris got over .the sensation caused
by the assassination of . King Humbert without
trouble and. the markets were not affected by
the announcement by the Government of a com
ng iMue ( Of £13.000,000 exchequer bonds of three
t6 live years duration for, war purposes' - •'
American* were idle and featureless but firm '
e&cllo-vua ¦¦?* i ? cte * to -remain bo until alter
London' Market
.WASHINGTON. July Sii-To-day's statement
Of the. treasury shows:. Available caiih bal
ances, J150, 807,500;. gold, J73..4S9. 728. ' • /
Conditiwiof: the Treasury.
,,/ N^ TORK t Julv 31.-Money on call steady.
l'AWl^i per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4®
4% per cent. Sterling exchange Hrm. with
actual business in bankers 1 bills at J4 87%S>
4 87% for demand and at J4 8374 for sixty days
posted i-ates,,J4 S4H©4 S5 andJ4 S8J4; commercial
bill*,: J4 S3^4 83H. Bar - silver. 61Uc Silver
eerttflcates. 6lVi@62%c. Mexican dollars, 48^c.
Bonds— Gortrnment, weak; ' State bonds, Inac
tive; railroad : bonds, firm. • • .
New, York Money Market.
MIXING STOCKS.
rv° *¦£•?'••'• w Ontario B DO
C^XTTv lOOphir 60
D^rlu^ Va 1 M -Plymouth 10
S™^ - 40 'Quicksilver 1 50
"' e * -Norcrcss.. lGiSierra Nevada...... 22
1^?™*^"** •.•• : -— 50 00 SranOard 4 10
\Iexi^n Ver " : —'- -WjUnlon Con 15
Mexican ..-..;.. 12 !i>llow Jacket 20
¦ BOSTON STOCKS .AND BONDS
¦~?i Ionev ~ •„ Union Land 2
call loans 2fe@3 West End 93U
Time loans..... ..3v.a-4H West Electric 63
Mocks- • , • Wis Central ...13
.Atchleon 25H Bonds-
Do prefd. : ; 6S% Atchlson 4s......... 991;
American Sugar.... 120 X E Gas & C 5s.. 65
- Do prefd. u 6 ii Mining Shares-
American Tele.....l43^iAaventure 2
Boston & Albany.. 250 I AHouez Mining Co. 1
Bos .tnntleyated... .HS»4 Amal Copp-r.T 86^
Boston & Maine... .1S8 inoston & Mont.. ..297
k,. . 1 « Q ¦^."•: U5H|Butte & Boston.... 62%
Dominion Coal 3Su.iCalumet & Hecla..7IO
-.2? p r e £/";' m Centennial lfi
It n Lfi eel ' ? 2 franklin 13
Do prefd...,,,.,.. 05 Humboldt 25
Fltchburs prefd....I37 Osceola ........ 65
Gen Electric prefd.l3STi PairSt ....... 40
0 *-", 0 * 111 ™ 1 -" 12 Qulncy .......132
Jjlch Telephone.... 85 Santa F e Copper.. *M
r»M r?^ f Coke.. 15^4 Tamaraek 196
RnhiS onInlon ' ; 1S Utah Mining 27'4
Rubber ..*..-. 27 Wlnona ?it
Union Pacific, . . . . .*: E8« ! WoWerines ' \7.V.V.": 39 '*
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
v. NEW YORK, July 31.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstre3t's show
the following changes in available supplies
from the last account: ,
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the P.ockics, increase, 1,009,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, Increase, 1.300.000 bushela.
Total supply, increase, 2,309,000 bushels.
Corn, .United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, 1,432,000 bushels decrease.
Oata, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, 1.240,000 bushels decrease. '
Pacific Coast wheat stock decreased 15,000
bushels last week. --
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat— . Sent. Dec.
Opening 6 >4 6 1%
Closing .;... .-... 6 ',4 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— • ' July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 75 20 70
Closing......"; 19 65 ¦ 20 70 ",
Flour—- . ,
Opening. 25 CO 27 15
Closing ..; 2360 s 27 00* .
Availal) e Gniin Supply.
Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed); 6%@7c; Short
Clear Sides (boxed), J7 50@7 60; Whisky, basis
of High Wines, $1 23»A; Sugar, Cut, Loaf. $-»fc:
Granulated, 6.32c; Confectioners' "A."- 6.2Sc;
Off A, 6.13c; Clover, contract grade, $8.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: Creamery,- 15® 10c: Dairy.
14(^17c; Cheese, steady, 9V4@10Vic; Eggs, dull,
ll'.tc
. iThei market, as.. already observed. 7 .' ls*h<}wlpg
a- Healthier : tone. '.There Is .no . particular, ad
vance; ; but. cutting has : practically ceased, and
It. is expected that thenext change ; In Hams
wllt'-bs upward^'" Lard r quotations are -rather
flrmer." - : -»- ;.:-'•:¦ ."> -• ¦• , : ¦-. ¦¦ •.:¦/;.• ;J
- CURED MEAT^— Bacon. 10@10i-sc p*r lb . for
heavy, > 10Vi#10',4c • for light . medium. ll\c for
light. : i2Ue for extra light and 14c for sugar
cured, 'r Eastern sugar-cured -Hams, -• 12>iW13c;
Mess Beef.. J12 per bbl; extra Mess. J13; Fam
ily.- J14; extra Prime Pork, JIB; extra clear. J19;
Mess, ; J16 50; Smoked Beef, 12H@13c per lb.
• iliARD— Tierces, quoted at 6H0 per lb for com-
Provisions
A local house is reported to have bought the
Almond crop of eastern Contra Costa County,
somn 250 tons, at an average price, of 12V5c per
pound. \ •> -,\' [¦¦ ¦ I .-;"
The demand for new fruits continues fair at
steady prices, which show some change.
The Prune situation Is all at sea, as It has
been for some weeks. ' New prices will not be
announced until the. association finds out ex-.
actly how the crop is going to run 'as to Volume
and sizes." August 10 has been set as the date
of announcement, but even this is not sure
at -the present writing, as it is reported that
the price: will not be fixed until. the fruit is
ready -for shipment. .' .. ¦.:
i Government buyers are paying 5c - for evapo^
rated Apples in the country. ¦ :¦..: ..'
¦DRIED ¦ FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, nomi
nal—cleaned up. . Evaporated- Apples,. 3%@4Vfec;
sun»dr'>d, . 3®3Hc per : lb. .- ! - . :.
:. ! .'NEW CROP— Apricots, 6@7%c for Royals and
7%@10 l ic ¦ for r'Moorparks: :. Evaporated Apples,.
t©6g; Bun-dried. ; 3igJlHc; Peaches. 5c. for stand
ard; 6c-for : choice and 7c for fancy: Pears. 5®
7%c; • Plums, pitted. 5@6c; unnltted. : l@lHc;
Nectarines, 4#5c for red and 5@6c for. white. 5 . -...
'RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
1b-, 10c; cholce;:9c; standard. • 8c ; prime, 6c: un-'
bleached Thorripson's,' per : lb, 6c. - Sultanas^-
Fancy, per lb, &Vic: choice. 7Vic: standard. 6Hct
prlnie : 5c:. : unbleached: Sultanas, - 5c; -Seedless,
CO-lb boxes* ici 2-crown, lpose Muscatels. 5\£c;
3-crowni -. CVic; 4-crown. . 7c; 'London Layers, 2
crown. Jl &0 per- box;' "3-erown. Jl 60, . Fancy
CluFters. J2; ' Defiesa: ¦ J2 50:- .Imperial. ; ,J3.-. : A11
prlaes f.:'o.b.' at : common •shlpDlng points 'in
California': • ¦-;•-".¦. :\:.- ¦'•'¦',¦¦'¦¦.¦'¦•',•.:'.¦ '¦¦'¦ '.'•: y :'"- ¦
¦'; NTITS— Walnuts, 8@10c for -Standards and 9
.0Uc for. softshells; new Almonds, im(^l2>Ac
for pap^r-fiheU.- 9H@10Hc for- soft and Mi 7c far
hardshell: ; Peanuts. • 5© «Hc- f or i Eastern -:• and
54i«o for California; Braill Nuts. -li@12Hc;"FiV
berts/12f 13c; Pecans. ;ll(g:i3c; Cocpanuts. J3 SO
ffijR.- •.:::.;-:•¦;. : •¦ ¦ ; ; . : ; ; .-. : -:-': •: •.-.:• ¦•¦¦ :-.-..: : ¦.:¦• ¦¦¦ ¦'¦-.'
"^HONEY'-Comb."' 12©12Vic.for bright, and 11®^
ll»4c for light amber :• water- white. '7UW7<4c:
light ' amber, extracted. WifrWtC'.: dark, 6%@i>c
/TbeeSWAX— 24W26c r>er.lb.-'; -Iv i-T:;,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
;'¦ The. market has-been quiet for- some days.
The lighter goods have had their day and "from
now., on -the heavy goods ' wiir rule. : .The.can
ners: are taking Peaches, Pears '.and -Plums- at
quotations below, and are eager for good Apri
cots, but., the season is about over -for them.
Figs and -Nectarines, continue scarce. Supplies
of Grapes are. slowly increasing and prices are
slowly, settling. 'There is not -much '• change :
In Melons. Berries are doing better, as receipts
are lighter.- ;-iv-'. : : .--•« -. •..• : ¦-• ' . ¦ - ; : % - ; :-f •; :-¦:-.
• Lemons rule firm at the good prices; 478 cases
frfcsh Limes are on the market. ' '•:¦¦ -.•,:•..- •.'
' Fine- Apples are doing rather better. ¦¦¦::':, \.
I DECIDUOUS FRUITS— . . : .: .. : . ' • '. •- : ;
V APRICOTS-'25«&35c per box and crate; and
$15^25. per ton to the canners. ¦ ' : ¦•¦:¦'.¦." •.¦•.•;•.-;•,
•• AVPLES-?-25 l 540c per box for common- and
50c?(JI 25 for good to cholce;:Crabapples, 20®30c
per small box and.40®60c per large box.- • ; SBr
-PEARS— Bartletts. 25!jf60c in boxes and J10®
20 per ton in bulk. '.: ¦ •- •': :.=:.-•.'. ¦'¦¦¦•
. PliUMS— 20<g40c per bhx'and and 20335c
per basket: in bulk. J10<315 per ton: Prunes,. 25
@50c:per crate and 23®40c • per . basket; ' Egg
Plums, Jioai5 jit ton. "• . . -• :¦:¦ •¦-.¦•:.¦¦•
• STRAWBERRIES— J2 5004 per chest for large
and J4@7 lor small berries. ¦ ¦ •:. • : :"-:.-.
; RASPBERRIES-$4t?7 per chest. . • '¦ : •
BLACKBERRIES— J21?4 per chest. :. > \
'LOGAN BERRIES— J7 per chest.. .¦.'.:-'
CURRANTS— Jl J01»2 50 per chest, -r '..¦¦.¦¦':
• HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
FIGS-->Nom!nal; none coming in, ' •• - • . .-.-
NECTARINES— White. 35@50c per box; red;
"BOlg^Sc. • • • .' . ' . . ' " .
PEACHES — 40@30c per box and 25@50c per
basket: in carriers. 60@75c; in bulk. 15@20c
per ton for freestone and J20©25 for clings. •.
GRAPES — Fontalnebleau. 23#«0c. per crate:
Muscats. 50c(gJl per crate; Seedless. 75c@Jl 23
per crate; Sweetwater, 35<g50c; black, hO@73c;
Tokay. ' . -. - ' '. . ¦
MELONS— Nutmegs, 50c®$l 25 r>er «ase; Can
taloupes, Jl 50@2 50 per crate;- Watermelrns, JS
'©20 r>er 100. 4 .
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenolas, Jl 50®2: Lem
ons, Jl 50<g2 50 tor common and t?/<H 50 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes. J5 50^6; Bananas,
Jl 25ig'2.50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50@3 50 per.
doz*n. :: ;' ,-"..- ¦ -' ¦ \ . '¦ '- '.-,¦:'. ' •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruitsi
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
: - Receipts of Eggs show some Increase, follow
ing the recent advance.and the market U quiet
and.no higher... .-•..". • : i'A-y-': s:/.\l .¦'¦.¦'¦- ; •: ¦-''.
: The Cheese market is still overstocked, with
very little- demand.. ..• .-•'"•• <;.-' ¦'..'¦-^ '•'. .'['¦.¦ ¦. '-'¦
; Supplies of Butter are moderate and the mar
ket rules firm at full figures. ¦ :" ••..-.'
,-: BUTTER— --.'.: . ' r j. . ;.. V,. ' ¦ ¦¦ ;[\ •.;:'•;.;; -.
¦ Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 22H®23%c; ¦ sec
onds. 20^22c." . .¦:•: • : •¦ :¦ ••.¦...•:-•:¦.¦
Dairy— Fancy, ¦' 20c; good '• to choice,'. l?3i3c;
common, : 15?|17Vic. ¦ ;... " '. -. .-•:.-.••.;• : -, .-.
Creamery tub — 20c per lb. •-.'¦¦ .'."¦:"¦ -
' Pickle roll— 20c. . . : :: " . .-,
- Flrkin^-18@2Oc. •' ". : - '-' --3 .¦'- •" : : :¦; '
. CHEESE— New. 8S9c; Young America, 9U®
10c: Eastern. 13^QU\ic; Western. 10<gl2e per Jb.
¦ : EGGS— Quoted at ¦14j?17 1 ,-ic for store and 20@
22%c per : dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14%i^l8ci v
POULTRY— Live Turkeys,. SSllc for. Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens;Geese, per pair, Jl 250150;
Goslings, Jl 25@1 50; Ducks. /J3(g4 for old and
J3 5O®4 for j'oung: Hens, $4#5 SO: Young Roost
ers. J4 5005 50; Old Roosters. J2 50®4 50; Fryers.
S2'8'4; Broilers; J2 5C®a for large and Jl 50<32 for
small: Pigeons. Jl 50^1 75 per dozen for old and
Ji 25@1 50 for ' Squabs. :• ••'• ¦• - •; •..-¦ ¦ ¦¦.:•
GAME— Doves. 60c per d6ren; Cottontail Rab
bits,-Jl 23; Brush Rabbits, Jl; .Hare, Jl 25.
' A'car of Eastern was put on. Local . stock
continued dull and weak, with free supultes. :":•-.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS-i.Yellow. '85®fl per ctl. • -'
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c@Jl per sack,
90ciJ$l ;w>r crate for Berkeley and $10-1 75 -for
Alameda; Green Peas, 3@«c per lb;:- String
Beans, 1^3c; Limas, 3@4c; Cabbage, 4*g»0c-
Tomatoes. Rivers,, 25@10c; Bay, 60@73c; Egg
Plant. 60@75c per box; Green Okra, 50(S7Jc:
Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chill and 40
0€Oc for Bell; I>rlea Peppers. 8®10c; Carrots. 25
@33c per sack : Summer Squash, 25@30c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 20@35c for Alameda; Pickles,
Jl per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2: Garlic 2
®3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, J12#15 per ton.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c;. New Early
Rose, 25®30c; Burbanka. 25®«0c for Rivers and
b5«jflOc per ctl for Salinas; Sweets; 2®2V£c per
pound. ¦ . ' " . . . ¦ . -
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables stand about
the same, all descriptions, being in liberal Sup
ply. • -. - . ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, nominal at $2 25; Canary.
3'4c per Ibfor California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp. 4@4'*c;
Timothy, 4«?4V£c.- | .
PRIED PEAS^-NUes. nominal; Green, J2 25®
2 SO per, ctl; Blackeye, $2. . • . • '¦_¦
% BEANS— Bayos. $2 6o@2 75; Small White. J3 40
@3 60; large White, J2 60$^ 75: Pink, J2@2 85;
Red, $3 25<g;8 s .3O: Blackeye. - ?3 50; Lima, Jo 30®
5 40;-"Pea. nominal; Red Kidneys. J4®4 50.
Beans and Seeds.
Small White Beans are again' quoted higher
un3er Government orders. Otherwise there Is
nothing new to report. ' v ¦¦•••¦. ¦
Receipts of.,iray are lighter and the market
shows less depression. In fact, dealers report
a better feeling at the old quotations. The. os
mand In the country is sharp and those farmers
who has not sold are pretty Independent.
Feedstuffs show little change, though Rolled
Barley Is very firm. . -
BRAN— J12 50(^13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J1702O Der ton. : .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16(^16 50 i*?i
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J26©27; Jobbing.
$27 50@2S; Cocoa nut Cake, ?20<321; Corn Meal,
$24 50; Cracked Corn, J25; Mixed Feed, J14.
HAY— Volunteer. J4 50@6 50: Wheat.: $10312;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50011 50; Oat, JS8H0; Clover.
J4«K; Alfalfa, J6@7 50; Barley, $6 50<S8 50 per
ton. > ' 1
STRAW— 25®40c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S3 C0@3 7o,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75<f?3 10 per barrel for.fam
ily and J3 1ji@3£0 for bakers'; Eastern, |4 <o@
a 7." per barrel.
MILLSTtJFFS-^ Prices in Facks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. K 75; Rye Meal. J2 aO;
Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal, J2 75; extra_cream
do $3 50- Oat Groats, $1 50; Hominy. J3 o0«p:3 u;
Buckwheat Flour. «4@t 25: Cracked
J3 50; Farina. $4 50: Whole i Wheat Flour. J3 2o-,
Rolled Oata (barrels). J5<S7 25: In sacks. Jo 7»
mi; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, Jo; Green
Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs. ,
Flour land MUlstuffs.
porary. The China steamer last week took out
10,600 ctls to the Orient.- .Holders show no
weakness and exact full figures The crop out
look in the North is not flattering and a firm
market Is expected right along now. _
White, $MO@1 35; Surprise. Jl 3o@l 40, Red.
$riCffl 22%{- Gray. Jl lOfil B1 » ck - ** 07 ft -if
1 22% per ctl: oft grades of all kinds. Slffl 07^.
.CORN— The market cont!nue« unsettled and
pretty much controlled by one dealer. La-rs e
Yellow. Jl 25 per ctl: White. Jl 2^ per ctl.
Small Round Yellow, Jl 25.
RYE— 90093% c per ctl. The market continues
Hull. „
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour, qr sks..... 4.000 Sugar, sks ....... 4,250
Wheat, ctls .....: 57.158 Hays, tons ....... 737
Barley, ctls. 3.0*5 Straw, tons .. ' 13
Oats, ctls 2.3SO Wool, bales ...... 71
CiieeBe, ctls 18 Pelts, bdls ;...... . 92
Butter, ctls : 473 Hides. No ........ 127
Tallow, ctls ...... 236|Wlne. gals ....... 40.700
Potatoes, sks .... 4.2S5 Lf-ather. rolls - 47
Onions, sks 4S5 Quicksilver, flsks. 110
Bran, sks ........ 300 Eggs, doz ........ 21,370
¦ \':, \ ¦ ' OREGON: : ; ' -
Flour, qr «ks..... 820(Oats, ctls ......... 5S0
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 31.
Receipt's of Produce.
-LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. S16(S17; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood 117(518 for No. 1 and J15@16 for No.: 2;
I^th. 4 feet. $3 3004; - Pickets. J19: Shingles.
Jl 73 for common and J2 75 for fancy: Shakes,
Jll.for »plit and $12 for sawn; Rustic, J21@27.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7?4@
7»ie per lb;. White Lead. «@7*ic, according to
quantity. ¦•,.;-..-¦::-;..¦ . .' ¦ ¦ . '. .•: .;-
QUICKSILVER— $S0@51 per flask for local use
and J4S«?46 for export . '.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.20c: Powdered,
5 soc- Candy Granulated. fc.SOe; Dry Granulated.
5.70c- Confectioners' A. 5.7Uc; Magnolia A,
6.30c- Extra C, &.2Pc; Golden C. 5.10c; barrels.
10c more;, half-barrels, 25c; more; boxes, 50c
more;- 60-lb' bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
inos,: half-barrels, 6.45c; boxes, «.70c per lb.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S<333c per lb: Sola
Leather, medium, 26©30c: Sole Leather. light.
Kf72Sc; ' Hough Leather, heavy, 27®'28c; Rough
Leather, light, 23^26c: Harness Leather, heavy.
32if3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 30@37c; Har
ness Leather, light, Collar Leather. 15®
16cper foot: Kip. finished. 4O^!50c per lb; Veal,
finished. S0®55c; Calf, finished. 73e<£31 20; Sides,
finished. 1B<5 17c per foot,: Belt Knife Splits. 14
@l«c; Rough.: Splits, 8® 10c per lb. .
OILS — California Castro Oil. in cases. No. 1.
75c; pure; Jl 30: Linseed Oil. in barrels, belled.
78c; raw.: :77c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; China
Nut,. . 6S@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels. 65c: cases, 63c: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37H©42Hc per gallon; Fish
Oil. barrels, 33c; cases. 40c.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water ; W r hlte Coal Oil. In bulk. 12Hc; Pearl
Oil. in cases, ISHc: A«ral Oil. In cases, lSVic;
Star Oil. In cases, l»«^c; Extra Star Oil. in
cases, 22V»c; Elaine Oil. in cases, 23Vic: Eocene.
20*ic: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c;
Deodorized -Stove Gasoline, in cases. 2Ic; Ben
ilne. In bulk. 144c; Benzine. In cases, 20Hc;
8S-dpCTee; Gasoline. In bulk.' 21c; 8S-degree Gas
oJIne, In cases. 27c. -¦ '"¦ ¦¦::" :¦'
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 63c per gallon In
cases and 63e; in drums or iron barrels. ,
COAL— The market continues very firm, with
Usht stocks.' Wellington, $9 per ton; South
fleld Wellington. SO: Seattle, »7; Bryant, J«:
Coos- £-ay, Ji 60; Wallsend. ' J9; Co-operative
Walisend, J9; Cumberland, J12 in bulk and J13 25
In packs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14;
Cannel, ill per ton: Coke, 116 per ton in bulk
and lilt in sacks; 1 cocky Mountain descriptions,''
J8 43 per 2000 pound? and J3 SO per ton. according
O CQFFEE-~ Costa Rica. 14gl3Hc for prime
washed. 12 H<513Vic for good washed. 13f§14^£c
for good to- i>rime .washed, p^aberry. ' llVi@13c
for good to prime peaberry, li'-stilS'^c for good
to prime, lftiffllc for goo.l current mixed with
black beans, s>Vs@HVic. for fair. 7@3%c nominal
for common to ordinary. Salvador— li)*i@13c for
good to prime washed, IO^IO^c for fair washed,
12®13Hc forgood to prime washed peaberry.
lu^«'513%c for:good to prime semi-washed, lQhi
-011c for : superior unwashed, 10@imio for good
green unwashed, HSllHc for good to superior
unwashed' peaberry, 6Vi®8?ic nominal for com
mon to ordinary. Nicaragua— 14®17^tc tf>r prime
to fancy washed. 10^i<613Hc for fair to strictly
good washed. . »*i*j 16>isC nominal for good to
superior unwashed, 10V6i811c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— U^jn^jo for prime to fancy washed.
12%@13?ie for strictly good washed. nWaWiC
for good washed. 9?i«£lUic for fair washed.
&S9tzC for medium.-. 6->i®8%c for inferior to or
dinary. 13<??14%c for good to prime washed pea
berry, ll@ll',4c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. 10$ 10\c nominal for good to
superior unwashed. .-• '- ¦ . • : •
,.. CANNED FRt'lT— Extras in 2^-lb tins are
quoted • as I -follows;.' Apricots, Jl 50 for an
peeled, }1 S3 for peeled and Jl 33' for peeled and
eltced; Blackberries. Jl CO; Cherries, II 75 for
black, Jl S3 for white and J2 for Royal Anne;
Currants.'. Jl 73: • Gooseberries, $1 63;' • Grapes,
$1 33; Nectarines, Jl-59; '¦''¦¦ Peaches, - |1 65<gl 75;
Pears. *1 75; Plums, Jl 35@1 40; Quinces, Jl 65;
Raspberries. Jl S3; Strawberries, Jl 75.
¦ BAG? — San Quentln Bags, %T, GS; Calcutta
Grain Bags, ejifiVic: Wool- Bags, 2SH^32V4c;
Fleece Twine. 7!&; Fruit Bags, 6^g6\c for
white and 8U6S^c for bleached jute. . •
General Merchandise.
, PORK-Live Hogs. G®GM,c for small, B%®5Tic
for medium and 5',4ig5">gc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5H@S%e; dressed Hogs, 8@S>^c.
LAMB— Spring:. 8HS0c per lb,
A fractional advance in Hogs Is reported, due
to a temporary scarcity. There are some on
the way from the Eas% to arrive toward the
close of the week. . . ..
Other descriptions are as before quoted.
. BEEP — 5@6c cer lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Larga. 7@>8c; small. 9<S«Vic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7Vi©Sc; ewes, 7®7VaC per
pound. :
San Francisco Meat Market.
"Hides, J-alloiv, Wool and Hops.
Local dealers report some. nibbling at Wool,
with small sales reported. -,
Hops continue firmly, held by srowers but
buyers are wholly out of the market and there
ta H%« U a™« weak as eve"r and stocks show
nO Hll?ES U ANb SKINS-Culls- and brand, sell
about lc under quota t on?.. •• « c %\> . «¦""
Steers. 0%e; medium, fcfec: light. ; fe. Cow_
hides. 8^c; Stags. 6c; Salte.1 1 Kip. 8c, calf. »c.
Urj" HUles. sound. 13c; Dry Kip. I.? Dry Cal f .
15c; culls and brands. &^***Z?*Sgs£25£i
llnKS 20®30c each; short W^ol, Sj-**-*^ eac J»:
Sum. COSSOc; long Wool. Weflfl 1' i *ach;
Horse Hkles.lSlt. |21£2 25 for large |1 ., .for
medium. ?1 for small and ICc tor colts. Horse
Hides, dry. fl 50 for large. $1 2> for me.! «m.
Jl for small and 25@-30c for colts. P eersk '"^7
Summer or rod skins, 35c; fall, or medium skins.
30c; winter y or thin skins. 20c. Uoatsklns-
Prirae. Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, mc.
medium, 33c. - ' ,. ... ,
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. '4c per lb: z.
3c:' refined, 5»,4c; grease, 2t'2Hc ; i,a^=.
WOOL—SprinR clip is quotable as follows
Northern free. Hfl3e; Northern, defective, l-tfi
14c; Middle County, free. 14®16c: Middle t-oun
ty. defective. 12f?14c: Southern Mountain. 1
months', Ilffil2c; Southerrt Mountain. «"*«• ?
months', lOfi 12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9(Sllc: Humboldt and Mendocino,
lC®17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Kail Clli>— San Joaquin Lambs', 8@0c per lb.
HOPi»— Old, nominal at 5<310c per 1b; new,
10®12c. . . . •-•
pound «m SXc for pare: "J|f;'» r « 1 »- "" - re
haif-barrels. 8%e; one tierce. 8»»c, ,two tierces.
SVic; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Gas & Electric-r £ac A F A... , ...
Cent G & L Co - - fac C Bor Co Er 5
Cent L & P Co 4'i 5% Par Paint Co.. jj ;,, \
Morning: Session.
Board — . ¦*•'
10 Alaska packers' Association \tgm; ¦
i>» Equitable Uas Jn- ; '-'
Id) Equitable Uas -}«L;
ICO Oakland Oas «;-'¦¦
10 Paauhau S P Co- »^.V
15000 S K & a J V bonds ~>Q»B ":
10 S K Gas & Electric Co....... a 5
Gas & Electric Co. 9 90...... ... . y*
. 10T. S PGas & Electric Co.. $„
20 S F Oas & Electric Co , lc .-.'
1* Spring Valley Water.... M»' . -
•• 50 Vlgorlt Powder ,. 3 21 •'.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 California Fruit Canners »i»-.:i
TO Hcnokaa .'.1 5i> ¦
2CO Ilutchinson S P Cr> ~... --S . » ¦.'
10 Market-street Railway -,:; %-p, -
Z0 Market-street Railway ;«!» ; "
JICW X P C R K 5s bonds *...:.......:K»>3ft ':;¦
50 Paauhau S P Co • M .
30 S F Gas A Electric Co ,..»:;; ;
Street — '¦*¦ . . : .
$3000 S K & S J V bonds .!.: JO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninc Session.
Board — :
10 Kern River -..KM)
MIXING STOCKS.
¦ The following were, the sales In the Sa-. Frac
clsco Stock and Exchansre Board yesterday j .
Morntr.;; Session.
SCOAlta (H5, ICC Ophlr ..........: j|
«0O Andes 10 1 3W Overman ...... tt
200 Andes C» 500 Savajre .:.. n
5C0 Belcher 19 100 Sierra NevaJt J5
400 Gould & -Curry 21 100 Union Con..... n
320 Mexican 13
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 10 1 200 Mexican 1«
¦ 200 Andes 09, 500 Ophir ....;- «
200 Best A Belcher SO I 200 Overman u
WOCholIar 13i TOO Savage ./ tj
1C0 Con Cal A Va 1 55 j 500 Sierra Nevada. V,
6C0 Crown Point... 15) SO Sierra Nevada. ;v
100 Gould Sl Curry 20 200 Silver Hill 57
10O Hale &. Norcrs 22 GO Union Con 13
100 Mexican 15 300 Yellow Jacket, a
The followlnff were the tales la tha Pactia
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornln: Session.
600 Alta 08 ! 500 Gould 8t Carry «
3C0 Belcher 19 400 Justice M
1200 Belcher 70 300 Overman U
800 Best & Belcher 19;1100 Savare .... — . 0
300 Best & Belcher 20 ' 150 Sierra Nevada. II
300 Challenge Con. 16 , 1000 Utah - to
550 Con Cal & Va 1 50 300 Yellow Jacket 2»
7C0 Con Cal & V.I 5214 tOO Yellow Jacket. H
.200 Crown Point... 15
Afternoon Session. • .
»00 Alta <X! 230 Kentnck ...... 0»
15C0 Andes lOi 300 Ophlr 6»
300 Belcher 20 200 Overman 11
150 Caledonia 80 500 Seg Belcher.... 04
200 Chollar 18 330 Sierra Nevada. 29
ICO Con Cal & Va. 1 55] 30O Sierra Xevada. 24
ICO Con Cal 4 V.I 52t» 300 Silver HU1 B3
20O Crown Point... 15 300 Yellow Jacket. 2»
200 Could & Curry 21 3C0 Yellow Jacket. 31
3C0 Hale & Norcrs 24 SCO Yellow Jacket. C
2C0 Kentuek ....... 01J
CXiOSIKG QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 11— 4 p. m.
/ Bld.Aak.l - Bld.A*k.
Alpha 05 0«! Justice 08 10
Alta* 05 97 IKentuek ....... M. 03
Ande« 09 lOjLAdy Waalv.^.. « —
Belcher .13 20 Mexican ........ IS II
Best & Belcher 20 22: Occidental ..... W 01
Bullion ......... 02 04 Ophlr «« «
Caledonia SI 83 Overman 11 1»
Chollar 13 lSIPotosl ? 13 JJ
ChaUenge Con.. 19 20 Savage .......... 13 .13
Confldence ..... 80 85lBcorplon ........ «2 —
Con Cal &. Va..l 50 1 55 !-Se» Belcher..... 03 04
Con Imperial .. 01 K Sierra Nevada. 14 25
Con New York — 03 Silver Hill...... » «0
Eureka Con..... — 80 St Louis.. < . — J«
Crown Point... IS 17 Standard ...4 20 4 50
Exchequer ...... 02 Syndicate ...... 07 -
Gould & Curry. 21 221 Union Con...... -18 20
Hale & Norcros 24 26 Utah <» W
Julia — Oi Yellow Jacket., XI 31
The Giant Powder has declared dividend No.
20 of TCc per share.
.hi CAXXt CALENDAR. . '...¦. ;X;7 ¦-¦?' S
AUGUST. 13C0. : ¦'¦ ¦¦V'V^vj.
B. 1 M. T. (W. IT. P. I S. Moon's Pbasea.
I I lj 8 3 14-^ Flr«t Quarter.
— ; 1 .* August »,' : "¦ ¦ .
J. _L -1 Li -1 — JL /^ Kul, M^n
12 13 14ll5 IS | 17 13 W Angust IB.
—I 1 i rff La»t «^"j»rter.
2L _?_. JLIJi JLjil 21 Augqst »•;
26 I 27 28 | 29 ! M I Jl I |fik N"w Moon.
Branch Hydrceraphic Office. C 9. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San FTanciscot Cal..
July 31. 1900.
The time ball on th* tow*r «f th« new Ferry
buiMlrg was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
J e . at noon of the !20th meridian, or at •
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
., C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 3. N.. In chary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST '. 1, 1900. .
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
TO ARRIVE.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Articles— :; ; ¦ • .:.-...¦ OjMJlVl-.HlKh.
Wheat No.- 4-^-.-".: ¦.•:-¦¦•¦ ¦•'
July ....¦.-..i.'i...-...;.: 7454-r 74%
Augu»t .¦.:.,>...«...;:¦ 74;: :- : 7iv
September, ....;.... 75 • \.\-%}i
-.¦ Corn :N(x-:*". ;.; ;i>" :v :-.;:- : : :;'•
July.... .--.J..;:. ;„.'...¦¦-•.¦ 83H • : :Z9%-
August r...:.-i.U..V.. T - 39 _.-.;8«\4
September • V;. ... :„ =.: 38H ' > '-SSJ4
Oats No. ; 2-rr ¦ •: ; :; •• ¦¦¦ : . t" -;•-'
July :;.v.;v-'.;:v..., i.20^ • i;2l : •
August - ( .:.;..i-.v.:- -.-.jm;- :. 2iu.:
St-ptemh«T :..,;;.,;..¦¦• 21*4 : 1 :21%
Mess i\>rif; per bbi-^- . t :: . - ¦
JJUly <.:.iV..Uw..:.::.iI 90. K.DO: ;
Septembirr » ...v. k . . .jl '.$5 • =12 .50 ; '.¦;
.l4T.i\."veT:Vto-n>9r::'. '¦ •:.-.•¦••.'¦
Jtly .¦;;.;¦.;•.,;.¦. -.;.;; .": W =: v :'—'•-
September :.-.>V.;.... 8 82H • * 87V&"
October •;.:,.-..%.... :e«s .-. ssjii;.
Shdrf Ribs, per i(» lb»^-: :• •. :.'-.
j : ttiy-;. : .-:;.w.J;v,-;.-..\:,:i-;.--; ":.4-;
September I:..: ..'.06 85- ' (592Hr
October >.i.:>.v".,..:..* 65; : T07VS;'
. Low. • ,QIose.'
.'-V74H;.;., 75\;
•;.'-.'"»9-'--'V""'a?'::
¦¦.- -.3894:--/-: 3Sv4
•v?ohV. ;':-so«[;
. ¦ -2Ui-; .-21V4
;ll T 90 '. . 12 00 '.
.11 85 V:i2Q2#
",=6 80; : --8 S5
¦ :6.8?.- ¦¦•6 87H
'"I';— ":.v_7-'lO : '
•• 6 85 •¦;€ 87Vi'
••¦«.»• • 7 05 ;
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
-¦•i.-iur. bbls ¦ : 17,000 ¦ ' 7,000
•.Vheat. bu ...113,000 92.000
I'orn, bu :.. 239.CM) - 337.000
Oats, bu ,.253^^00 •- 96.000
Rye, bu ......... 40,0tX> ,' ' ....'..';
Barley, bu S.COO,"' ••
WEDNESDAY.
AUGUST X.
Sun rises »:U
Sun sets i ....7:19
Moon sets 9:53 O. m.
a tTlme ITlmel Time! Time
S I Ft. f 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
« [H \T II. w l__ H w ' L w
1 ... S:CS ».8 S:2fl 1.9 8:22 8.0 »:59 J.»
1 .. 4:13 3.S 9:0C 2.2 4:07 5.1 10:53 l.i
t ... 5:30 S.4 9:44 2.6 4:41 S.I 11:53 1.1
4 ... «:53 3.4 10:42 2.9 5:25 ».2
LWHW LW HW
5 0£6 0.8 8:0$ 3.S 11:50 3.2 «:U 5.S
8 .. 1:48 0.4 9:«6 3.9 1:02 8J 7:10 5.4
7 2J5 0.0| 9:51| 4.2 2:»5| 8,1 8:09 5.4
Steamer.
From.
I D12».
TtanU* .... Newport - iAu». 1
"Walla Walla. <• Victoria Auk. 1
Progreao Tacoma Auj. 1
Washtenaw .... Taccma « Au<. 1
North Fork .... Hnroboldt Anc. I
Crescent City... Crescent City An*. >
Grace Dollar.... Grays Harbor Au*. t
Eureka Humboldt Auk. 1
Arcata Coos Bay ...lAug. a
Bristol [Oyster Harbor (Aug. I
Xcwburg ..". San Pedro Aug. J
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Aug. S
Columbia Portland Anj. 3
City of Peking. China and Japan. ........ Aug. S
Point Arena..., Point Arena. Aug. X
Tltaala Nanalmo Aug. «
Orlraba - Humboldt...... Aug. 4
UiratlKa ...-.- . I Victoria Aug. 5
Coob Bay i I Newport Aug. 3
Matteawan ..... Taeonw Aug. I
Santa Cruz ....Seattle.... ..Aug. «
City of Para.... Xew Ycrk Aug. ?
Corona ........--iSan Dtego. : Aug. T
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Plw.
Corona .....jSan Diexo Aug. 1. 11 ami Pier It
Sta-# Cat. .(Portland Au«r. 1. 11 ami Pier 14
Orizaba IHumboMt au*. 1. 2 pm Pter 9
Del: Nort»-.lPortlJ«nd.:.... An*. 1. 8 am Pier »
Arcata ..... Coos Bay...... Au*. t. 13 m Pter 13
Eureka .... Humboldt.v... Au*. S. 10am Pfer 13
Cxarina .... Seattle, ....^.. Aug. 3. 6 pm Pier -8
Arner, Maru Ch;na* Japan Aaj. XI pm PMSS
Bonltt (Newport.: Auk. J, » am Pier U
Walh .W...1 Victoria ;..'.-... An*. 4, 11 am Pier »
N'ewbunr -.(Grays Harbor[Au& 4. 5 pm .......
J-ant». hosaii'an I»1e«:o,....iAuK. 5. 11 am Pl«r U
North TorlclHumboldt lAusr. 5.: » am Pier X
l»t. Arena. -IPolnt :Ar«na..[Amf. «. 9 pm Pter »
Colurnhia .. I Portland...... I Auk. «. 11 amIPter 24
C.ooa Bay- .(Newport Uu«r. 7. 9 amtPler 11
Curacao ..: Mextco,......: Aug. 7. 10 ami Pter 11
J. Kimball.lCape Nome... Auk- 7. 3 pm Pier 1
Eurfka ....tHumboWt..... Attg. 8, 10 am I Pier »
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Plw.
Corona .....jSan Diexo Aug. 1. 11 ami Pier It
Sta-# Cat. .(Portland Au«r. 1. 11 ami Pier 14
Orizaba IHumboMt au*. 1. 2 pm Pter 9
Del: Nort»-.lPortlJ«nd.:.... An*. 1. 8 am Pier »
Arcata ..... Coos Bay...... Au*. t. 13 m Pter 13
Eureka .... Humboldt.v... Au*. S. 10am Pfer 13
Cxarina .... Seattle, ....^.. Aug. 3. 6 pm Pier -8
Arner, Maru Ch;na* Japan Aaj. XI pm PMSS
Bonltt (Newport.: Auk. J, » am Pier U
Walh .W...1 Victoria ;..'.-... An*. 4, 11 am Pier »
N'ewbunr -.(Grays Harbor[Au& 4. 5 pm .......
J-ant». hosaii'an I»1e«:o,....iAuK. 5. 11 am Pl«r U
North TorlclHumboldt lAusr. 5.: » am Pier X
l»t. Arena. -IPolnt :Ar«na..[Amf. «. 9 pm Pter »
Colurnhia .. I Portland...... I Auk. «. 11 amIPter 24
C.ooa Bay- .(Newport Uu«r. 7. 9 amtPler 11
Curacao ..: Mextco,......: Aug. 7. 10 ami Pter 11
J. Kimball.lCape Nome... Auk- 7. 3 pm Pier 1
Eurfka ....tHumboWt..... Attg. 8, 10 am I Pier »
Steamer.
From.
I D12».
TtanU* .... Newport - iAu». 1
"Walla Walla. <• Victoria Auk. 1
Progreao Tacoma Auj. 1
Washtenaw .... Taccma « Au<. 1
North Fork .... Hnroboldt Anc. I
Crescent City... Crescent City An*. >
Grace Dollar.... Grays Harbor Au*. t
Eureka Humboldt Auk. 1
Arcata Coos Bay ...lAug. a
Bristol [Oyster Harbor (Aug. I
Xcwburg ..". San Pedro Aug. J
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Aug. S
Columbia Portland Anj. 3
City of Peking. China and Japan. ........ Aug. S
Point Arena..., Point Arena. Aug. X
Tltaala Nanalmo Aug. «
Orlraba - Humboldt...... Aug. 4
UiratlKa ...-.- . I Victoria Aug. 5
Coob Bay i I Newport Aug. 3
Matteawan ..... Taeonw Aug. I
Santa Cruz ....Seattle.... ..Aug. «
City of Para.... Xew Ycrk Aug. ?
Corona ........--iSan Dtego. : Aug. T
Articles— :; ; ¦ • .:.-...¦ OjMJlVl-.HlKh.
Wheat No.- 4-^-.-".: ¦.•:-¦¦•¦ ¦•'
July ....¦.-..i.'i...-...;.: 7454-r 74%
Augu»t .¦.:.,>...«...;:¦ 74;: :- : 7iv
September, ....;.... 75 • \.\-%}i
-.¦ Corn :N(x-:*". ;.; ;i>" :v :-.;:- : : :;'•
July.... .--.J..;:. ;„.'...¦¦-•.¦ 83H • : :Z9%-
August r...:.-i.U..V.. T - 39 _.-.;8«\4
September • V;. ... :„ =.: 38H ' > '-SSJ4
Oats No. ; 2-rr ¦ •: ; :; •• ¦¦¦ : . t" -;•-'
July :;.v.;v-'.;:v..., i.20^ • i;2l : •
August - ( .:.;..i-.v.:- -.-.jm;- :. 2iu.:
St-ptemh«T :..,;;.,;..¦¦• 21*4 : 1 :21%
Mess i\>rif; per bbi-^- . t :: . - ¦
JJUly <.:.iV..Uw..:.::.iI 90. K.DO: ;
Septembirr » ...v. k . . .jl '.$5 • =12 .50 ; '.¦;
.l4T.i\."veT:Vto-n>9r::'. '¦ •:.-.•¦••.'¦
Jtly .¦;;.;¦.;•.,;.¦. -.;.;; .": W =: v :'—'•-
September :.-.>V.;.... 8 82H • * 87V&"
October •;.:,.-..%.... :e«s .-. ssjii;.
Shdrf Ribs, per i(» lb»^-: :• •. :.'-.
j : ttiy-;. : .-:;.w.J;v,-;.-..\:,:i-;.--; ":.4-;
September I:..: ..'.06 85- ' (592Hr
October >.i.:>.v".,..:..* 65; : T07VS;'
. Low. • ,QIose.'
.'-V74H;.;., 75\;
•;.'-.'"»9-'--'V""'a?'::
¦¦.- -.3894:--/-: 3Sv4
•v?ohV. ;':-so«[;
. ¦ -2Ui-; .-21V4
;ll T 90 '. . 12 00 '.
.11 85 V:i2Q2#
",=6 80; : --8 S5
¦ :6.8?.- ¦¦•6 87H
'"I';— ":.v_7-'lO : '
•• 6 85 •¦;€ 87Vi'
••¦«.»• • 7 05 ;
WEDNESDAY.
AUGUST X.
Sun rises »:U
Sun sets i ....7:19
Moon sets 9:53 O. m.
a tTlme ITlmel Time! Time
S I Ft. f 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
« [H \T II. w l__ H w ' L w
1 ... S:CS ».8 S:2fl 1.9 8:22 8.0 »:59 J.»
1 .. 4:13 3.S 9:0C 2.2 4:07 5.1 10:53 l.i
t ... 5:30 S.4 9:44 2.6 4:41 S.I 11:53 1.1
4 ... «:53 3.4 10:42 2.9 5:25 ».2
LWHW LW HW
5 0£6 0.8 8:0$ 3.S 11:50 3.2 «:U 5.S
8 .. 1:48 0.4 9:«6 3.9 1:02 8J 7:10 5.4
7 2J5 0.0| 9:51| 4.2 2:»5| 8,1 8:09 5.4
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
-¦•i.-iur. bbls ¦ : 17,000 ¦ ' 7,000
•.Vheat. bu ...113,000 92.000
I'orn, bu :.. 239.CM) - 337.000
Oats, bu ,.253^^00 •- 96.000
Rye, bu ......... 40,0tX> ,' ' ....'..';
Barley, bu S.COO,"' ••:;Arthuf: .Free, : the. a5-year : o!d .son of
Michael.. Free,.a.n '.'employe of the Union
Iron : Works; residing at 928 Illinois street,
met> "with* a.' ." painful; accident
:ft)reno6ri. gt the, -Lick' School.- ; The boy
who! attending the school, was amus
ing.- himself; .-by ;' climbing upon a fence,
•when .he lost his balance and fell .a dis
tance of twelve- feet.- -In.-hls fall he struck
aji obstacle'- which- caused a- severe con
tused-Wound, in; his- "left groin. He was
taken to \ the City, and " County. Hospital,
where. hl£. injuries were attended to.after
which he was removed. to his. home. '
Accident to a: Schoolboy.
American Frenchi
They P.re telling. a story In Paris of an
American woman who tried to make use
of a rather doubtful grade cf American
Ollendorff French In the hotel, although
all the employes spoke English. Flnally
one of the waiters asked the manager for
a leave of absence^ and the maitre d'hotel
himself went up to solve the mystery.
After a violent tirade against the Inactiv
ity of the garcon.she declared that h!s
French was so frayed out at the edges
that he did not understand what "a bot
tle of embonpoint" was. And it took the
manager twenty minutes to discover that
she had Intended to ask for stout.— New
York Tribune. '. . . •
Japan got its first telegraph line In t369.
To-day it has 144.570 miles of line in serv
ice, with 1267 offices.
Lieutenant Hayes Off to the Orient.
¦- Lieutenant Webb C. Hayes. In the vol
unteer service, arrived in the city yester
day and is stopping at the Palace. Mr.
Hayes served In the Spanish war. and was
wounded In. the battle of San Juan. He
also had some experience with the Fili
f>inos. The young man is the son of the
ate ex-President Hayes. He will sail on
the next transport bound for the Orient.
' : Peter- : Nel*on.'':allai?.. Johnsons ian -ex-con
vict, was walking along!. Callforhia.stjreet
yesterday ' mbf nlh^, when- S; jL ; Carter •'
who lives on. East street,' met ihlm. Garter,
recognized- a -'coat be-, was . wearing;-'as ont?
Rtojeti from: his- room'some days .agro.'- He
notin«d Policjenran Da\-Ids< an<J: Nelspri wns
arrested and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of. burglary. He. waii ;alsa weai-T
ing a. vest. that, had becn';: : stoleii " trpih
Cartcrv. :k :. .:; - v ' ¦•!' - .-• '¦:¦ '¦:¦¦: .r.V • :-•• i= ':' i-
Burglar. Neatly ¦Caught.
. George; and John : . Shaughnessy;
who stole aidfamond pin from J. A.Mc-
MiUan,- a horse dealer^; In • : the . plympia
ibdut. two weeks 'ago;: had the charge of
;grahd larceny ; against i them reduced ' to
petty larceny.by. Judge Cqnlan yesterday
ajid 1 - each : was:- sentenced -to ¦' serve : -six
jnonths In: the County Jail.- McMillan had
the: pini returned- to. him. by. a messenger
boy : "ai:ew daysvlater.:; ;• • • . ; ; ¦ •, 1 .:•• ¦., . •
Stole: McMillan's Pin.
¦ MATTHEW C. O'BRIEN. V.
:YY\ ATTHEW d^BftlEN, the new
/ II Physical director at the "Vy M. C.
;| 1 .1 ' Ai.r arrived in. the city . yesterday
f "; : '.{'X jwlll begin -his ; duties l^re at
cince^:j..Mr. ; : O'Brien ; comes from'v'Cam*
¦^riage/ Mass. ; He is a native of -Phlla-
3elp1iiav : 28 years old." He Is six' feet in
¦height- and , weighs. 17T :pounds. .: He holds
.gplendid. records: as' a-g)-mnast : and is a
rparf of .striliing persGhaJity. Mr. O'Brien
isTi=-. «raduate: : or the; assbciation tralnin B t
-school at Springfield,: Mas*. - For the nast
.jfear : the physical -work; atv the Y. M.c A
liap'been ; in^ charge: of; G.-'A. Mattern :bf
thisi'dity. :;•;;; v--^-";: ; ;-: "•:-, ;•: ¦, •:%.•:
i: Avbananet ¦ will :be; ,- tendered the new
•physical-director In-tho association- rooms
jro-morrovrj.eyenlngrl ,. The . tickets- have
beenilimUed: to 200,' which number ;: has al
,'r^ady been \ dlsDosejctr ot 5 <::$. 3. -, Auger
chairman • of /jthe gymnasium .committet*'
lillli preside." and the sxiefjkera .will, include
General- Sfcretarj'.' H- J; -.McCoy. -Secretary
N.-.H. Jacks of Oakland; 1 Alfred T.. : Black
J. CiiPerey/iRplla V. Watt and Dr.'-E. M
vBixby. • There will ¦¦ be iniisic : by - Hyries'
jSrcliestra.: ; ;. -fJ. • : :~ : : i '•>.:-::,;' |-w ¦ v •¦•'
.Enrico Bottinl, who conducts a large
grocery, fruit and vegetable store at the
corner of Clay and Leavenworth streets.
¦was thrown from his wagon and injured
while returning from the market to his
place of business yesterday. The acci
dent was caused by. one of the wheels
striking ,a rut in the street. Dr. Sartori,
who attended Bottini. found that his right
leg had been broken in two places.
Grocer Severely Injured.
:: ' fcast fnlght Ijie '. Tlvbll Operarhouse •set
tled ; down: .seriouslir : to : the grand . ; opera
business of ' thfeV year.": . The had
"¦4L.iiytjlis tt«r)Mii^>t>^3ikhts fled and garlands
idead'Whev^ after
gunday-i-with'the ghosts of ¦: the flown.'eh
thusiasnia- of ¦: Monday ; nigrbt. blocking, tho
¦¦ way • to : appreciations .of :Twesday evening.'
Tbe- audience-. was ;cold* until .wafceriecjrup
by ftne; -big; : sextetto :in ¦ act ¦¦•.and'
then it -thawea into vociferous-applause."
: Th« casiil with;, thecxe'eptibh. of Signer^
Nlcoltnfi Wias/&' compl-ate .^change from- the
':^AUia-' ca*t,' with Repottd, soprano; • Rajs
so;, tenoifi- i^rtd-for -barytohO F.erxari; arid,
on the whol<*;.was almostiag ipatjiifactbry
¦ as; .tho *'Alda'* -.cpntlnijeht.- HRussq. Is -a ;
rarely flnieictiOr.' bi^: pianissimo delicateiy
.beautiful, ;": the vsmallest; »«f^etest> softest
thread at a J,aner>QSBiWe to imagitiei -His
totiei ar£/mueriiffcehit.':atiia •hiai'Oiimaxcs
truly; groat.-';: T hen tigalriLhe Vis- the 'only
aiJtb.r amb-nRWt'he cror.'ft-^n-ltli-perh'apg'tfte.
¦slrjgie exc>n«t>h pi Nlc.Qlint, aiifl hp it=w?is"
whose' grip .-ftnd fipfitfc. waked ifceHUdi
ehto/from!iti'.sc.niiicoinat^geVcoriiaUiohi T
> ".asignQrtrias Hepetitf-inake^: n6 fitteinpt to
\act» but ;«tijgs: thrf4\jfih; *cr- part- In: a" pret
ty^tfomfqrtaWo; .uhexcrto* - fashion
ihgly.:at- varmnceiwKh : %tin: tragic^Lufclas's
role'ln \ltjs. , .l^Mt- *he can sfi^sf-r-iio. doubt of
•that'. 1 :. In the- tripping. iriu a - arid tarns !a6d
runs- of ¦ib6.l?r : eat : ttrta.:in-.;thc;ifriad scene
ftrah'sppaed --a: half i-tone: higher.J it -you'
pl«a»c). • hRr'-^Qca^lza(ion'> was . beautiful.
IIr> to hlgil ,E;inttjt she ixverit; clear vand
syicct. as. .a bird/: and; :fl!i:>fr6rd : oi - praise
mtist; hei^e' ¦;h^'^ccarded. ; tp;. the'.- good: work'
Tivoli.
. Sir Robert Flnlay, the new Attorney
General, like most counsel with a largo
practice, knows what it 13 to receive a
disconcerting reply from an apparently
guileless witness and tells a good story
against himself in illustration. He was
engaged on a case of breach of warranty
of a horse, the age of the animal being tho
chief matter in dispute, and had to cross
examine a hostler, a yokel with every
appearance of simplicity. "Upon what au
thority do you swear to the age of the
mare?" he asked. "I'm sure of It," was
the reply. Half a dozen more questions
failed to elicit from the witness any more
specific answer. "But how do yon
know?" thundered Sir Robert at last. "I
had it from the mare'3 own mouth!" re
plied the hostler— London Chronicle.
From th<s Mare's Month.
The Chinese festival of feeding their
poor, countrymen will be observed to-day.
Stands were erected throughout China
town last night and the ceremonies will
be continued for three days. During the
post two days the Chinese have observed
the Feast of the Seven Sisters, historical
maidens who breathed the breath of life
about the second century and who per
formed great deeds according to the Mon
golian mind. All- the -women and chil
dren, dressedin fantastic garments,.cele
brated the feast- by visiting one another
and distributing fruits and flowers among
their neighbors. ¦ The 3ouls of the- dead
are also supposed to be. feasted. .
Chinese Observe Festival.
Stanford Parlor No. 76. N. S. G. W.,
gave a smoker to its friends last night In
Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building. More
than 200 attended and were treated to an
excellent programme, prepared by the
good of the order committee, of which
Bruce Cornwall is the chairman. There
was an enchilada supper, light refresh
ments and cigars. Fred H. Jung was the
sire of the evening.
Stanford's Smoker.
:.. When l'rofei?sor Currtll left:! Oakland vhe
said .that if he ilUl not 5ucceed : at Nome
he -Vould go inland. ; Those who are anx
ious to hear -from hint are. .Inclined to
think that: be ihas gone . to some -polntMn
A)»ska:snd.'.h&R riot yet -found means" to
communicate, with the outside world. "His
wife .• fta* : .heird from him .¦.several'- 1 times,
but ! not since he : Was released f rom quar
antinfi-i : She Us . apprehensive . about hts
continued -silence/.- The memberB'-«f the
company are: Miss.K .-.-Mi Wertz- Miss
fj.Johnston,.;MIs.sM/ Bunker, Miss Grace
Fisher, Miss Cora Williams, Miss E. H
Hilton,: Miss A; .1. Galbralth. C> ,AV Cham
bers Miss : Annie .Brown. Miss Mary «<i
Eljls. : Miss M; Shaw. and Miss H. Corliss.'
OAKLAND,; July 31,— Fourteen school
teachers of Atameda; County, organized
the': Alaska-Nome Prospecting/ Company
and elected Professor .-E. :F. Burrill to rep
repcni them In the location of gold mines
in Alaska. P.rofrssor Burrill left ..for Nome
on • MSy .1? lii.ooaipany with two other
rot'n,: -Intending to work the : beach.' Kands.
When the trip reached the; gold fleias they
were: detained in quarantine, y After. some
delay •¦''¦they- -got thfelr freedom. :buf since
then TiothlnK has been heard ;pf them; ., '
PROFESSOR BURRILL !
MISSING IN ALASKA
Sequoia Parlor No. 160. Native Sons of
the Golden West, celebrated its tenth an
niversary last night by a banquet In an
O'Farrell-street*restaurant. There were
present nearly l§0. Including Charles E.
Torres. E. F. Donnelly, W. P. Johnston
J. A. Spiller, James It. Donohoe and W.
E. Linsley of the first board of officers.
After the menu there were responses to
toasts by Grand President R. C. Rust,
Grand Trustees Percy V. Long and J. L.
Gallagher, Deputy Grand - Presidents
Wynn. Hanley and Egan. James Fj-aser,
President F. H. Cranz, \V. P. Johnston,
L. C. Plstolesl and Louis Bannon. There
were also songs and instrumental music.
Sequoia's Anniversary.
The Little Belle furnace of the Tennes
see Coal. Iron and Railway Company at
Bessemer Is now making ferro-man
ganese. It being the only blast furnace la
the South turning out that product.. . ;
Ferro-manganese Is largely used in tho
manufacture of steel, it forming about
1 per cent of the product that goes into
the making of steel. This has heretofore
been Imported at considerable expense.
For some time past the Tennessee Coal,
Iron and Railway Company has been ac
cumulating manganese ore at the Little
Belle furnace, it having been brought
there from Bartow County. Georgia. A
stock of about 1500 tons has been accu
mulated, and In the early part of last
week that furnace was put to work on It.
For the four days It has run on ferro
manganese It has made from thlrty-flva
to forty tons dally. Manganese is worth
in the market $100 per ton.
The six steel furnaces at Ensley. which
are now making about 600 tons of steel
dally, require six tons of ferro-manganeso
daily. -v 1^
New Industry in the South.
1 As many more -will be Initiated at a
future meeting. 'The work was by Presi
dent Dorn and a full corps of officers, as
sist*" 1 by D. A. Ryan, George B. Stanzen
berger. J. E. Manning and D. L. Fitzger
ald, all past presidents. After the cere
monies there was a banquet.
Pacific Parlor of the Native Sons last
night Initiated many new members In the
presence of Grand President R. C. Rust.
Grand Marshal S. V. Costello, Grand
Trustee Percy V. Long, District Deputy
Grand Presidents Daniel A. Ryan, James
O. Gara and one hundred and fifty mem
bers of the order. Those who were in
ducted into the mysteries of the order
are: Police Commissioner George H. New
hall, D. Dougherty. James L. Fallon,
James Gagan, George A. McCourtney,
Alex McCullough. C. L. Ochs, W. G. Mor
rison. T. J. Foley, D. J. Moynlhan, W. C.
Lawson, George W. Lillie, Frank Stack
pole, Richard Godfrey, George E. Corn-
Stock, Emil Dahl, Thomas J. Murphy,
Frank C. Elbin. F. S. Gilbert, George H.
Stern and J. J. Welch. '
Pacific Parlor's Initiation.
OAKLAND. July 31.— Edward G. Dono
van, for fifteen years a mall carrier in
this city, was committed to the Mendo
cino Insane Asylum to-day by Jud^e Hall
Donovan, though conscious that his ac
tions are often irrational, la unable to con
trol himself, and Joined with his wife In
the petition for his commitment.
Ex-Mail-Carrier Insane.
New Physical Instructor oF
the Y. M. C. A.
Arrives.
WILL HELP THEM
TO GROW STRONG
"West Berkeley Girl Eloped.
OAKLAND. July 31.— Thomas N. Noble
of 1400 Sixth street. West Berkeley, ap
peared at the County Clerk's office to-day
seeking trace of his daughter. Lillian i»
Noble. The girl, though only 16 years old'
is thought to have eloped with a deserter
from the army named McManus. The
father fears that the two have gone to
New Tork.
Kearns was arrested by Policeman
Langworthy. who saw him prowling in a
back yard on Telegraph avenue. In his
possession were two monkey wrenches.
He was looking for more plunder when
the officer grabbed him.
OAKLAND, July 31.— Seventy-year-old
John Kearns was landed In jail this morn
ing charged with petty larceny. Besides
being old in years Kearns is old in crime,
though he has never risen to the dignity
of a grand larcenlst. Most of his life has
been spent behind the bars for petty
offenses he has committed.
SEVENTY YEARS OF AGE
AND STILL A CRIMINAL
A good story Is told of how a few years
ago a reckless, careless but brilliant
Scotch journalist got a position on the
London Dally Telegraph. For some esca
pade in Edinburgh he had lost his place
on a paper there. He had scarcely a
penny in his pocket, so, although he felt
himself not at his, best mentally, he went
off at once to Fleet street and asked the
editor of the Telegraph for work. "What
can you do?" asked the editor. And the
applicant, feeling he must make a tremen
dous bid. replied, "Anything."
"Anything?" :
"Yes. Anything."
"Very well. I think probably you're tho
man wo ttant. I will leave you quite
alone for a half hour, then I will come
back, and you must have an article
ready."
"On what?" asked the Scotchman. : . V
"On anything." answered the editor.
For five minutes the young man sat de
spairing. He didn't seem to nave even th*»
ehost of an Idea In his head. Finally an
impudent inspiration came. Around the
room were files of the Telegraph. Ho
pulled one out, about eight years old. and
hurriedly turning the leaves came to an
article by George Augustus Sala. on Lon
don streets. Seizing copy paper and a pen
he raced the clock, and Jammed the file
back into place only a minute before tho
grave editor returned. This gentleman
looked over the article which the Edin
burgh man had "just dashed off" and
saidr "I think I can find a place for you,
sir. You seem to catch our style."—Sat
urday Evening Post.
Easy Style to Catch.
CHARGED WITH VIOLATING
THE EIGHT-HOUR LAW
Labor organizations are determined to
enforce the Federal statute which forbids
contractors to work their employes on
Government jobs more than eight hours
per day. Se\^ral convictions have been
had in the United States District Court in
this cityy the last being that of. the At
lantic. Giilf; and Pacific Company, which
case is how: before the United. States Cir
cuit Court of. Appeals, The defense here
tofore made In such cases has been that
the work was one of emergency and
therefore • not affected by the Federal
statute, but the contractors have not been
able to. establish that defense by legal
proofs • . • ."-•• .¦'¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦ .
Two new complaints were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday,
the complainant being E. L. Reguln,: spe
cial agent of the State Labor Bureau.
The tlrst case Is that against Darby Lay
don,-who'is accused of' working his em
ployes ten hours per day in the construc
tion of a drawbridge and its approaches
over the tidal canal near Frultvale av
enue, Oakland. The second complaint is
filed against £W. R. Clark and Samuel
Ilenery for working their men ten hours
daily in the work of changing the channel
of Sausal Creek, contiguous to the canal.
WILL BUY STATIONERY
; IN THE OPEN MARKET
The Supervisors' Printing Committee
Tiuds a Way to Avoid Injunc-'
tion Proceedings. .;
.7' '<:>-¦ Supervisors* Printing Coramfttce
.^^ri^fi ypterday In favor of rejectinB all
V.<1=! f' r ptationcry and printing supplies.
A-rhi^ii aiv affectfil by the Injunction pro
1 -¦ • : i r- 1. s= now jjpfore the Superior Court,
/The I>oard of Suppr\isnrs has been re
vTriiriod. by the Stanley-Taylor Company
from awarding contracts to any but the
Sw< si bidders. The articles in question
viil he purch.ippd in open market at the
I ..rirrs- st5bmit:«:d by the bidders at the
:irr.o of the competitive bidding.
C. L. Dam, repr^Fentinsr the Allied
Printing Trader Council, requested that
in furtherance of public interrst the low
f-Ft'fcldp for stationory and printed blanks
'-©f non-union pf9ce* be thrown out and
the articles be re bid for. the specifications
to call for the use cf the Allied Printers'
label. He also recommended the purchase
of thf articles in • open market, which
ci«rse wili be recommended by the.com
miti-fe..."¦¦¦: ; - ". : ¦¦ L-: -- : •¦¦ - '¦}. ¦¦;¦¦ -¦ ¦ ¦'/¦ ¦ -,
•:;. .Secretary McCarthy of the Fire Com
niisS^pnorp pMitioned that the stationery
for his department, costlnpr $1000 per year,
Ke not: ordered paid for out of the com
mission's funds. His petition was favor
ably,acted on.-' •:•;• ¦¦'¦; ¦;• : -:':'.: : : '¦¦'/¦¦¦¦ ¦ - ; .:. :;
The wri'.tPn Ftatemcnt of . the' Health
Board that it should not be compelled to
pay for its own stationerv was placed on
iile.-:; ; ' ;¦:¦.,¦ -'. - - ¦-.¦¦?-;- ¦-..--. :,., -....;¦ ;.¦.:•:¦
RULE FOR REINSTATEMENT
OF DISRATED POLICEMEN
Comnaissioners Cannot Reappoint Un
less Petitioners Have Taken Civil
Service Examination.
City Attorney Lane .«ent an opinion to
the: Police Commissioners yesterday r?-k
parking the reinstatement of police offl
:C<r ;tvhich^he : s;:in ; says:'.;. -,¦''.. . : '.' ;¦-¦¦'• .-..: : 
- : : The ;¦; monU-rshl^ . ; of the - : force : ¦ upon
th^- day the chlHM 1 .went Into i>(!ert
r»rn«,InB r.'MtiMnt civil service examlna
ti'tis; It Is ¦ aerrntPd as In ail ways corn
1 ¦'-:• rst apd up t-> t!u» ptandard which niicht be
nrrlvfO sit liy >u(*h examination. IJut in the
futurv r!I pr«rr..Hi<.ne must b^ mad* Jn accord
»?!<¦«• wttH the r.i?w cvFtMn. The powct to dis
ra.tr-. if hfVl »t »H" V>y the Termer bCiard. »-at
:¦.?¦ :.5*n!ute a>- !« that to <3lswt*s. When the
an lnaf;6gBe it -.vas final. Thin bos.r<l can
;tWS rf-ftorr t<> « rankto which it could -not
Tia-in.-iily j>romoto-. it cannot by revoking? the
<3"iprnijh.»li..-n :^ir * prf.vlou* board indirectly . ef
r*>"t\*!iat wh:eh It oould not Ao tiy direct act.
BOARD OF WORKS TOLD S
TO TAKE HALL OF JUSTICE
Ordered by Supervisors' Committee to
Accept Building at Once for ,'¦•'. :': ¦:¦
\ r ¦;. .^-.'r:l-- : :- ; 'tbe..City.'V. ¦¦¦¦',¦¦•.¦¦; .;-;: ; .' %
Auditor AVrils Informed the Supervisors'
Commit leo on Public Huildinga yesterday
that he -would iriFlst upon receipts belns
vJ'.lsned.. -'.by . Batrman Brothers,: the orlgir.al
cojitrarir.rs of tl:<? Hail of Justice build
¦£?\hl /*'<} lK * wou]ld any demand*
Tp.e :: Auditor ' sautd;- howeVer. '¦¦'¦ that i-k&.
r-oi;rse woulfi :n«it mnko It illegal or haz
arH.rju^ r 0 turn iV Ivuildlrig . ovt to the
» }, * -' , • < i'' llms f'rwl^contractors must
•Vw/- ' : i^ j v f-iK-man Brcthera before
\v«-w. W i > *'i- pai ' 1 •¦¦"-Th*-.: Board of Public
u> <S< V? . -^r. «ntiner1, l>y the coxnmittes
Want Islais Cr«ck; Dredged.
I The Js.uevo Potrero Improvement Club
Vbeld its regular minting at the home' $t
; •¦»» twenty,
;; *b»«tub in^truct«-d its attorney, to draw
%9+m S!^i»* m. Congress ask
li.sr th.-.tlrlais^Crefk he aredged by the
i>«cral autfttril 6» to a cufllclent depth
h' Pfrxr.lt nt nnvlcation a« faY as the old
V: : slon. The ciub al?o wants the South
k. 1 Pacific Company, whose tracks on th«
new bay shore mad will span ibe credk, to
eicct a drav.-briu'pe at that point so as to
permit of navigation. ., . "; : ,.;*•..-•"
OAKLAND, July 3L— Steps have been
taken by the Associated Charities of Oak
land to hold a State conference 'of chari
ties here this year. The object of the
conference will be to take up the matter
of a complete amalgamation of all the re
lief societies of the State and to form a
State Board of Charities and Correction
The suggestion for the conference comes
from Miss Catherine Felton, superintend
ent of the Associated Charities, Her views
were entertained last evening at a meet
ing of the executive committee council.
The call for the conference will be made
after the next meetings • . . .-.
CHARITIES, OF THE STATE
TO HOLD A CONFERENCE
f- .KEITtt- ; WAKEMAN AS.THE PRINCESS CLAUDIA -VALERIAN IN I
"THE REE) LAMP,!' U'5 ¦ '"'¦¦ i: ;.- ¦ : v' ; ; : :¦ - - . . _ /¦' I
'':¦:¦:'¦¦''¦'.':'¦¦';. i" ' '¦'i^:--'.^*. " (Thors, Photo.) : ..- ;
of Mr. -TC ewbauer. the flautist, who so
ably seconded Slgnorina Repetto's night
ingalic efforts. ¦ .' ••
Slgnor Ferrari is th-e- barytone whom we
remember so well from" the Lambardl
days. He has a tremendous voice, abso
lutely even In timbre from top to bottom,
but he has contracted an occasional
tremolo since last hearing, which serves
to throw the immense volume off key,
with: unfortunate effect/ But 'tis a great
voice. Alcssandro Nicollnl got a momen
tary opportunity In Raimondo, and it
was splendidly used. He received a per
fect ovation. Miss McNeil was apparent
ly nervous and quite incapable of supply-
Ing the demands of her part. Mr. Arthur
Boyce marie a fairly good Arthur Buck
law, and looked comically like Caldecott's
Knave of Hearts.
. With the enterprise and conscientious
attention to detail th&t characterize the
Tivoli management's grand opera arrange
ments. Mme. Marquardt. the harpist, has
been secured for the season. Her solo 'n
the second scena received an enthusiastic
encore and gladdened the hearts of an
audience more usually accustomed to the
piano subterfuge for this prettiest— the
word Is used, advisedly— of orchestral in
struments. [ V-^ft.;- . '
T/ DANIEL IS CHARGED J
WITH FILCHING A PLAY
Alleged Owners of "In Paradise" Sue
Him to Recover Royalties on
the Comedy. ¦
"In Paradise," a comedy, that T. Dan
iel Frawloy has been presenting through
out the United States, has brought ; him
trouble— a quantity unknown in the lines
of: the play or the >iuman conception of
:the future; life in paradise.: The: Dar
ris Amusement Company and Louis Har
rison of New York nave flled suit in the
Superior Court of this city to recover
$9000 royalties and to enjoin T. Daniel
from aj^ain presenting the play without
authority. — .. : .
Plaintiffs allege that they are the law
ful owners of the play, having purchased
the copyright from the author. Without
their consent, they . aver, Frawley has
been- presenting "In Paradise" . through
out the country and has taken in at the
Various box =¦ offices : the sum of $150,000,
The sum of $9000, they say; is a reason
able compensation for the use of the play,
and they pray Judgment a3 stated. " :. ¦ .
Miss Wakeman has beauty, ' grace, dig
nity, intelligence— all the qualifications for
a good actrfus save one— a: voice. That is
almost as bad as Nance . O'Neill's (they
seem to be deaf in Australia). For this
there is absolutely no excuse, since the
voice can be trained and must be trained
1f it is to give pleasure to; the audience.
With such an excellent villain in the com
pany as Mr. ".; Reynolds it is both strange
and unfortunate that the part of Zazzulic
should not have been entrusted to him.
The gentleman vrho essayed It last night
was evidently out of his depth. Mr.
Roberts, as villiers, concludes the list 'of
the principals, and was the only one of
them, who : : Seemed absolutely and satis
factorily lit touch with his part. Among
the minor characters Miss Cahill played
the part of a French maid very prettily,
showing a .decided talent ; for light com
edy. ¦'¦¦'¦ ; - : ':-¦"¦':,;¦. -¦ ; "'¦' - : " - ; -. '¦' '¦:¦
'¦¦ The real triumph in "The Red Lamp"
lies with Mr. King, the scenic artist, and
Mr. Phillips, the stage manager. For the
flrst : act they have -provided a scene as
beautiful anything Mr. . Miller has
given us— with the exception of "A Mar
riage of Convenience"— and that Is saying
a great deal;-'- :; ' >' ':.! '¦ •" "¦-'; ¦'.- '¦• ¦•:" ";:'
'.'- I hopb sincerely ' that the .conditions of
the first -TiiBht performance: will shortly
disappear and- that -.'^rhe ..Red .Lamp", will
run lonjr enough to. repay ; the evident care
that has been given to its .preparation.
- •:. :¦ • ¦= •:. '•¦:; ¦--.':. -; h. DU.PONT SYLE.
FTER all the time and money which
II >\ Mr. Morosco' spent;- upon his pro
jt — "\ duction of "The Great Ruby," it is
¦ to be regretted that) it did not hit
the public taste for: more vi. than a two
weeks' run; If we are io' have melo
drama—and we can no mpre escape It
than we can the 10-cent magazine— such
harmless and gayety-producing perform
ances as we saw last weekshould certain
ly be encouraged, ':. . . •
Nothing daunted, Mr. Morosco last
night gave us;"The Red Lamp," a Nihilis
tic -melodrarna of. the most pronounced
type. The play takes its name from a
red lamp which is placed in her window
by the Princess Claudia Valerian to warn,
against projected police raids, the band of
Nihilistic conspirators of whom h«r
brother is : chief. .:Demetrius, Chief of
Police, suspects her design and haa- the
lamp removed, and the Princess then goes
In person to warn her brother and his
friends and is discovered in their society
by the omniscient Demetrius. From this
suspicious situation she is /extrfcated by
the quick wit of her friend, Allah Villiers,
an. American journalist (really, a Credit to
our craft), :who, by the clever trick of a
bogus letter.'turna the tables on the Chief
of 'Police (here the audience becomes en
thusiastic and the newspaper men present
glow with, conscious pride).> But though
nearly all newspaper menare good, a few
-a very few-^are bad, among: these bad
(in "The Ked Lamp") is an editor named
Ivan y.azaulie (perhaps his name led him
astray). Through the treachery of this
wr«?tch : Creally ¦ a discredit to- our craft),
the Nihilists' plot is revealed and the
Princess' brother Is killed; the editor him
self is shot by a former.; accomplice and
the lourth curtain descends as ¦ Miss
Wakeman,. in 'a pose trul>v Junonian, : ex
claims, "~h or; Russia! For Russia!" - : V
The action of the play In the first and
second acts was terribly slow;: this slow
ness was made well-nigh: Intolerable; by
the lethargy which seemed- to possess Mr.
Lackaye: (.Demetrius);- and. -which,- : from
his example, seemed to affect his fellow
actors. Such: interminable:' pauses, such
unmeaning; suspensions, such blank mis
givings thatv seemed to indicate (though,
in reality, 1 am sure they did not) forgot
ten : CUes! And what an extraordinarily
disagreeable make-up! Why should a Su
Petersburg Chief of Police-r-surely :a type
of cleverness,: if ever there: were one— be
made up to represent a retired butcher af
flicted with a combination of kidney dis
ease and rheumatism? There .is abso
lutely nothing in the lines to indicate such
a travesty or probability a* th|s,: and Mr.
Lackaye, In falling Into such grotesquerie;
runs the same risk of offending the taste
of the audience as he; does when he em
phasizes the 'repulsive/., aspects of the
character of {SyengaH. : ; . :•¦ -' : . : •.
It Is stated that the Russian Govern
ment is proposing to effect an alteration
in its calendar, the dates in which, since
the end of last February, have differed
thirteen days from those of. "Western
Europe and America; We are, however,
told they do not propose to adopt the
Gregorian reckoning, but to bring Into us»
a scheme more simple and accurate, and
to Invite other nations to accept this. It
is then to be presumed that the plan In
question is that of dropping a leap year
regularly each one hundred and twenty
eighth year, which would keep the calen
dar right and In accordance with the true
length of the tropical year for SO.00O year*.
Obviously this is far more simple than the
Greerorian rule, which Is this: -¦ v .-•'•¦¦:
Drop a leap year in each year the num
ber of which is divisible bv 100. unless It
is also divisible by *X>. This would keep
the calendar right for over 3000 vears. but
If It were further modified by dropping a
lean year In each year the number of
which Is divisible by 4000 it would pre
serve the year In accordance with ita trn»
length for 100.000 years. So that the modi
fled Gregorian rule, with an exception of
an exception of an exception, would- bo
scarcely more accurate than the abovo
simple rule, according to which the next
leap year dropped, after the* present one,
would be 2028. To prove its accuracy It 13
only necessary to point out that It implies
having, in- every period of 128 year?,
ninety-seven common years of 363 day*
each, and thirty-seven bissextile yea r»
of 366 days each. Thla makes In all
40,731 days In 12S years, or the averasre
length of a year 3S5. 24219 days, which dif
fers only In the fifth decimal place from
the true length of a tropical year.—Lon
don Notes, and Queries.
Gregorian Reckoning'.
THE RUSSIAN CALENDAR,
A Proposed Improvement Upon tha
As the escaped engine neared the latter
station the pursuer closed up behind and
was coupled on the tender. The fireman
then climbed Into the cab and got the
machine under control. The switch engine
was brought back to Port Costa without
any serious damage being done.
An investigation Into the matter will be
instituted by the division superintendent.
OAKLAND. July 31.— A Southern Pacific
switch engine rot away from lta crew at
Port Costa this morning and started down
the main line. As soon as the alarm was
given an extra engine was started out in
pursuit of the runaway, the railroad of
ficials fearing that, a serious collision
would occur at Vallejo Junction. An ex
citing chase began, the pursuing locomo
tive being put through Its best paces for
the three mlle3 between Port Costa and
Vallejo Junction.. ' =••
EXCITING RACE AFTER
RUNAWAY SWITCH ENGINE
Then she went into hysterics, realizing
that she had been basely deceived. Sho
told the Judge she had supposed her name
was now Kent, but she refused to tell who
was the man in the case. Her suspicions
had lately been aroused because her sup
posed husband had left her, and had not
returned. The records of the County
Clerk's office show no Issuance of a li
cense in the names that she gave.
Judge Stetson has commenced an Inves
tigation of the atory and was assured by
his caller that later she would render him
all the assistance she could to discover
the culprits. The Impersonation of a pub
lic officer for the purpose of performing a
fraudulent marriage is a felony, punish
able by Imprisonment in a State peniten
tiary, ¦ , ; • -..: ¦ ¦ .•: -.- - -.-. -¦'¦ : . -. ¦>%:
Miss Cole called to-day at the Justices
ofllce to procure a certified copy of th»
marriage certificate. She declared she had
been married by the Justice on June 21.
at the Windsor Hotel. But the Judge at
once corrected his caller by saying he had
not conducted any such ceremony, and tho
visitor agreed with him that he was noc
the man who had claimed to be Judga
Stetson.
With much emotion she unfolded the de
tails of the plot, which was exposed by
her discovery that Judge Stetson had been
impersonated at the celebration of the
marriage by some one now unknown to
her.
Oakland Office San'Franclsco Call,
111S Broadway, July 21.
According to the story related to-day to
Justice of the Peace Stetson, Miss A. Cole.
a comely young woman, who carefully
concealed all other evidence of her iden
tity, has been the victim of a fraudulent
marriage ceremony, and has been basely
deserted by the unscrupulous man who
deceived her.
Deserted by Supposed Husband After
an Impersonator of Justice Stet
son Had Declared Them
v-, Han and "Wife.
Young Woman Discovers
She Is the Victim of
Base Plot.
BETRAYED INTO
MARRIAGE THAT
WAS FRAUDULENT
Judpe Hall. sat to-day in Judge Greene's
department and declined to hear any of
the matters in the contest, feeling dls
qualltled because his brother-in-law^ A.
A. Moore, Is: one of the persons attacked
by Phllbrook. The hearing was continued
until August 24.
"He is informed and believes, and there
fore avers, that the said Phllbrook Is fin
ancially irresponsible and insolvent, and
that the said Philbrook by reason of un
soundness of mind and infirmity of tem
per Is incapable of properly performing
the duties of a guardian of the person or
estate of any person. The said Phllbrook
in presenting his said petition to be ap
pointed guardian is not seeking to pro
mote the interests of the said James- P.
Merritt, but is maliciously and vindictive
ly seeking to annoy, harass and extort
money from him." . . ; - .'¦ : ..''¦
The answer further states that Phll
brook has threatened to sue Merritt for
attorney's fees,' and should not be ap
pointed guardian for this further reason.
Merritt denies that he or Frederick Mer
ritt is weak-minded,- that he is under the
control of any person or that his prop
erty is in danger of being despoiled. . '
Frederick : JI. Merritt and his wife.
Louise Brown Merritt. the parents of
three of the Merritt children over- whom
Phllbrook seeks a guardianship., allege
the competency of the elder »Merritts, de
clare that the three children of Frederick
Merritt have no interest In any property
whatever, and that the only Interest pos
sessed by the two children of James P.
Merritt is. the beneficiary one which they
have under, a trust deed, held by George
W. Reed and.Emll Xusbaumer. '¦':•'-:•"•
The actions of all parties in the Knowles
trust case are related at length to show
that the Interests of. the minors were
properly cared for. The Merrltts are will
ing that a guardian should be
if the court deems it necessary to do so in
order to determine the interest of the
minors in the Knowles trust property.- .
Philbrook Is described as "of an exceed
ingly litigious.: avaricious and grasping
disposition." It is alleged : that he has
lately sought tobe employed by James P.
Merritt and on being refused wrote black
mailing letters to..- Emll N.usbaumer and
George W. Reed: In. these he demanded
that the : attorneys named should -help
him obtain employment and fees br : be
denounced lnicourt. • . .••• '¦:•¦¦ -•...':-•¦.
"The said Horace W. Philbrook la not
now and for some years last past has not
been a friend of him, the said James P.
Merritt, and was not at the. time of filing
his petition in the above entitled matter
and Is not now. qualified to Institute these
or any proceedings for the appointment of
a guardian to the said James P. Merritt.
Phllbrook objected to the filing of the
answers, but the County Clerk directed
that they be received. The answers are
separate documents. Among other mat
ters James P. Merritt recites: '.'.'
Answers of James P. Merritt and Fred
Merrltt were filed to-day in the Superior
Court to the petition of Horace W. Phil
brook, the disbarred attorney, to be ap
pointed their guardian. Every, charge of
Phllbrook is met by a specific denial, .and
counter-accusations of attempted black
mail are freely made by the brothers.
Fhilbrook Is also declared to be financial
ly'Irresponsible and mentally Incompe
tent. '.: ' ¦:'('¦ ' . :. :¦-: ' •: ¦ ,:..
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: 1US Broadway, July 31. :
» ¦: . . . . :
Brothers Declare the Disbarred ?At-
sible and Mentally In
competent.
torney Is Financially Irrespon-
File Answers to His Peti
tion to Be- Appointed V
Guardian. v : ;
PHILBROOK IS
DENOUNCED BY
THE MERRITTS
By mutual consent the boy arranged a
meeting a short time ago between his
parents. A few later Interviews settled
the difficulty. To-day the youth escorted
them to Oakland with a friend. The mar
riage license was procured and Justice
John Stetson performed the ceremony
with the boy as witness. The Boehnkes
will reside on Twenty-third street. San
Francisco.
The lad was old enough to fully realize
the position of his-parents. He had ample
evidence of the love they bore toward
him. He decided to use his endeavors to
bring his father and mother together
again, and success has crowned his ef
forts. :
The story is one of a simple German
couple, middle-aged and for years happily
w.edded. In time, however, little domestic
difficulties arose, and a breach was cre
ated in the family.. Perhaps both were to
blame, but whatever the reason. Mrs.
Boehnke at last resorted to the divorce
court. In 1S9S she was legally separated
from her spouse. The custody of the boy
was so arranged that both parents had
ample opportunity to see him. It was this
arrangement which to-day led to the
happy termination of their domestic
troubles. : : ¦
Because of their affection for a 15-year
old son^ Arthur E. Boehnke and Caroline
Boehnke of San Francisco, who have
been divorced for two years, were reunited
in marriage to-day, and the cause of the
reunion, Arthur Boehnke, was one of the
witnesses to the ceremony which made
his parents again husband and wife.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'.\ 1118 Broadway, July 21.
Mother and Father Pledge Their
Upon the Altar of Affec
tion for Their Youthful
¦; •'-. -j . ¦ ' : . - ¦'¦. Offspring.
Parents Who Were Sepa
rated by Divorce Again
and Wife.
LOVE FOR A SON
THE CAUSE OF A
HAPPY REUNION
The Southern Pacific and Santa Fe roads
agreed yesterday that the one-fare rate
should be goo<l from September 6U0 17,
Inclusiv-e. Instead of from September: 8 to
12, as heretOCore announced.; ¦• - ; •¦¦ ¦-:¦ ¦¦',;- ..-¦¦
The Ur!t*d Jkn«t*ntv Order of I>ruia3,
through Grand Socretao' Grayes, notified
the grand marshal ye.sterday that it had
been decided to accept the; invitation to
parade and that the order would be repre
sented by two emblematic floats. To date
the large fraternal organizations that
have decided to co-operate with the order
of Native Sons are: The Ancient Order 6t
United Workmen, the Improved Order of
Red Men, the foresters of America, the
Ancient Ord<-r of Foresters, the : United
Anc-iviit Order of Druids, the Hermann's
Sohne and the Knights of Honor. : -
Captain Merrill Miller, commandant of
the navy yard at Mare Island, has writ
ten that a band and a detachment of ma
rines, possibly a battalion, \Wl\ ¦. £**§ P? rt
in theparadei- ' ": .:¦¦.'¦ : -.- ; ' : - : ' ; ¦' ';'.¦' : ' -. \- \ •'.
Congrt-^sman Kahn promises to \nsit
Mare Island in the near future to secure
the participation in the naval, parade of
all available Vessels. :..;•• -:C^ .;.: : -: : : ••: - .: •: ' : - ¦
At the meeting of the joint- committee
en next Friday, ft motion tvHI- be made to
have a bay excursion ¦ at . the time of the
launching of the Wyoming, on.- Sept em-
The paid fire department division of the
parade will Include the following appara
tus: One steam /fire engine : and. hose
wagon, fully equipped; new water tower,
one chemical engine and one monitor bat
tery.-' ; - ':. : ¦¦¦¦;¦':.:¦ : y : -¦¦¦;'¦ '¦:-:.¦¦¦/¦¦: "./¦ « "- '•"'¦'-¦ ¦¦'¦' ¦
The naval imilltia of Santa Barbara has
abandoned Its annual ¦ cruise in order to
attend the celebration, and it promises a
big 'turnout In th« parade: : :• :.¦ ' ',r' ¦; ¦' .'
; The consulate for Norway will submit
a design for a 'national float to the. com
mittee to-night.- .¦¦ : -'.."':'. ¦•:•¦-"-¦ "¦'¦ ¦:¦' ••'- ¦ : ; :">.'
The Prrnch cplony, through the com
mittee that had charge of the fall of. the
Bastile celebration, has promised to make
up a division; in there . ¦w-ill. be an
appropriate ..float. /. . . .-. -••¦_;.:. ¦.•...;•: : '; : --.
: The bay excursion oh JSepterhbef 11 will
Include a trip to Mare Island, and.Com
mandant Miller of the navy yard has no
tified Assistant Secretary Boldemann that
the excursionists will be welcome, and it
r.eccssary the excursion steamers will be
supplied with water. : " : ' : ; . !: : : "-
Members of Quincy Parlor No. 131 have
decided to parade with Marysville Parlor.
Sequoia Parlor No. W) of this city will
parade 1W strong. The parlor uniform
will consist of a white shirt, gold sash
and tie. duck trousers and white crush
hat with gold band. "\V. J. Alpen has
been named as aid to the grand marshal.
Golden Gate Parlor- No. 29 has secured
headquarters in B'nai B'rith Hall. It has
engaged the-' -Golden. Gate Drill Corps band
of twenty pieces and the Eintracht Drum
Corp*. Juontockett Parlor of Crescent
City has been invited to join with Golden
Oat© in the parade. The Veteran Guard,
G. A. R.. has been invited to accompany
the parlor as an escort. , -¦¦":¦:'. '.';..;¦.• : ::
A special Golden Gate parade feature will
be an old prairie wagon Just as : It ap
peare«l when crossing: the plains in early
times. The wagon will b*» drawn in the
parade by twelve oxen. P. A. Kerrigan,
a pioneer member of the parlor, residing
in Yreka County, promises a live bear as a
mascot.- - ' ¦-':¦- .;¦;•: •..-;¦..! •¦.'¦••¦:•¦¦:.¦.•>'..-:•"''.¦-•'•'..¦:¦•' ::
1 Golden Gate's ! headquarters : will ¦ be: the
scrne of numerous entertainments. : A ball
will be given on the night of Monday,
September HVF.H. Suhr Jr. has been
named as aid to the grand marshaf.
Friends of Suhr have presented him
with an aid's hat elaborately decorat
ed v.ith black ostrich plumes. The cele
bration arrangements of Golden Gate
I'jrrlor ar*» in the hands of the- following
named . ottlcers: : Chairman. Adolph Eber
hart; vice chairman, Joseph J. Harring
ton; secretary, T. C Comny; treasurer,
Henr>- C. Pasquale. : ; y -V . : ' . • ¦ .'-V"r.
Olympns Parlor Xo. IS? announces new.
parade features^ Arrangements have been
made to have the banner carried on an
automobile. Another feature ."will consist
of a child riding a donkey, the get-up to
be representative of transportation In
C?lifcrnla in 1S43. ¦'• •:- :• : '• ': ;^ }, '¦."¦' ':-:y.
The parlr.r at Made'ra has decided to join
with tne Natives at Fresno. The uniform
of the two parlors will be both novel and
attractive. It will consist of white duck
trousers, white silk shirt, Mejcican som
brero, large red silk sash trimmed with
gold f rinse, and a silk necktie. Bamboo
canes trimmed with red. white and blue
ribbon will be carried. v ; ' . ¦• V : : .-' : .-.
The executive council of finance has
divided the city into forty-six districts.
Assignment of various sub-committees to
the several -districts -was made j-esterday.
President. Kilburn of the Harbor Commis
sion Is chairman of a committee which
has been engaged for a week .in canvass
ing among the shipping men. The com
mittee promises' a report to-morrow and It
is said the books will show generpus sub
scriptions. .. -v ::•¦'¦-¦:.,:;.;¦¦ '¦¦ V: : ' '?': '¦¦¦:¦?''¦¦¦ ¦/%
The fund for the celebration commenced
yesterday to assume encouraging propor
tions. At a meeting of the executive
council last night It was discovered that
more than $0000 .had b<-en subscribed . in
amounts of $100 and upward. The official
list of early subscriptions announced yes
terday foots up iG2n6, and Is as follows::
Breviers' • Protective Aesociation, $1500;
James D. PhPlan. $HKK>; Mrs. Phebe
Hearst. W.R. Hearst f.nd the Emporium.
$300 each; Baker & Hamilton and the Mer
chants' ¦: Association. $250 each; /Miller,
Sloss & Scott and Dunham. Carrlgan &
llayden, 1200 each; Chamber of Commerce,
Raphael "Weill & Co. and Holbrook, Mer
rill & Stetson. $150 each: California Street
Railroad Company. Merchants* Exchange,
Crown Uistllleries Company. Jesse iloore-
Hunt Company, AVilmcrdingr-Ixx'we Com
pany. Spring Valley Water .Works, -\V. P.
fuller & Co.. California Fireworks Com
pany and W; \\\ Montague & Co., *I00
?•ach.:- ¦ ,- ; ':-:¦:•¦•¦; ¦¦ '.'••,;¦"•- : :.': - --• ':.'¦ '¦>:¦'¦"¦¦ .• '¦ ¦'
List of Xarger Contributions That
Have Been Received by the >
.¦¦¦[: Pinance Committee Up .¦¦¦¦'¦¦...
:'::.: : . : :V/;-X -¦-'':¦¦ tb.'3)afcfc ; ¦?.-¦¦ /: : ". : ¦•/•'•'. ¦
Navy Yard Receive
All Visitors During the
Celebration. , .-"
FRATERNITIES
TO CO-OPERATE
WITH NATIVES
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Vtiliiics docid<vi last night to recommend
to the board that the question of the es-^
tabMshmcnt of a municipal Metric lfgrht
plant \>e. submittr-d to the voters at a sr>?
•irial Hrction to be h*-'d some time In Xi-
V^mbcr. This dr-cision was reached i*i
rxf'cutivc sossinn aftor two propositions
for street lfc-'iifnc had hwR considered. -.;.
P. .-A. J< mt- s of Tuolumne County pub-:
;lfiitt*d a proposition to the committee to
:¥:* tlj t l i- uii.v a water supply system v.iiich
lie V.-'.i'l was near the head waters of. the
'hiittdl* fork of the Stanislaus River, at
ihf- head of Donnails Flat. The ¦' lowest
measurement was 5009 miners' inches, li
< >ctober, 1.8S9, ar.d the maximum 300,0i»
-miners' inches, in June, 1SSS. The reser
voir *ite is 42S acres and the point of di
version of the water to be conserved in
lh<? proposed reservoir is at an altitude of
A".7Z l>Pt above the sea level. Th<» offer of
Mr. Jones, ; who is acting for Thomas :J.
Patterson^ who lays claim to the water
rights i;t the point named, was referred
to th< Hoard of Public Works, which has
1><< n iit '..-srated to investigate all available
watf-r supplies. -¦-.". •-.•¦-¦¦•.••••. •'¦.¦¦.,•¦.:
.At this jmint the committee went Into
session and cdjourncd several
lours later after taking the action above
noted. ..¦ -. ¦.:-¦-.¦¦. -.;-•.•:• ...-¦..-;
Chairman Reed explained that In twenty
v»?ars und^r the proposition the city will
rnave paid out fl.'Xv.'A'O less than if the
Kldley proposition were accepted. Fur
ther consideration of the offers was post
pone until tile next meeting of the eom
miU'"?. when it is exported that a recom
mfr.lation will be ma.de to the board.
t.'!:..:rman H«-ed urged action so that the
<u- .-tlon could Jip submitted to the people
¦at the noxi November election. •-.•.-¦ ; ••: •¦ :..
The city to lease the plant for twenty
years at an, annual rental of ?275.(X)o, and
;?•. the <>nd of the term of the lease the
city to become the absolute owner of the
plant. ;••¦' •--•¦¦¦.-..- -':¦:¦¦; ¦¦:¦: ~:r ¦¦ :: . ;¦:>¦'•¦'¦"
Kidley further agreed to increase the
size of the plant lo any capacity desired
up to SOiOu arc lights. The. city is at liberty
to buy the plant at the end of five, ien t
..fifteen or t»enl? . y«ara provided it pa.ys
to the . syndicate the profits that wyul.I
accrue for the remainder of the term of
¦the lease.. ¦¦¦¦ '.]¦.¦"¦ '¦¦ ' .¦ : ¦¦¦¦••¦: S'v'i-
The offer of the Independent Light and
Power Company to instaJl a dipt ritnj ting
plant at cost vis al?o reconsidered by tne
committee. A. M. Hunt, superintendent
<of. the company, submitted an estimate
for the proposed pole' line system, to cost
betweoii }i5.i"0 and SntW. according- to
BUtnlier cf lamps userl. competitive bids
to -l>«»- Invited ' for furnishing- the electric
current The company submitted a sup
pUMnentarv offer that If the city accepts
the proposition to construct the system
the -company -will bid not -to exceed ITTVi
tlr.:- per night per arc lamp of 2000 can
<Ii< -I.ower to be burned SiS nights during
: Th. year; that, the number of lamps shall
I* :i'oi lfi-s than 1500, nor more than 2505.
Thf cm. ;>anv will if requested furnish
Jhirtv-twb ca:;dle-power incandescent
lights ftr streets not to exceed UX»: In
number at a rate of 6V2 cents per night
«ach. ¦ ¦ .- .- ¦•¦ .'¦-'-.-' '_¦'•'•• '¦¦" :• - : :
The committee met at S o'clock anfl was
ad'.rossed by A. Brooke Ridley In expla
u. > i: Q ri ' cf a proposition submitted by an
K-^sicrn syndicate to install an electrical
j-lant to light the public streets and build
:i-.gs. lir. Kidley stated that his asso
ciates arid himself will construct Che plant
with a capacity of 2300 axe lamps ana 3000
inca^dtrscent lamps at a cost of JLOOO.OOQ.
.The.tf.rms upon which the city 5s to ac
quire the ownership -of the plant are as
tollows: >;:¦.¦. •.: ... •' •;•¦. :¦ .. ;:-;'r- : -.-¦¦ .-.- ¦:..-'.. '.:.:•;
Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities Will So Recommend.
Offer of Electrical Concerns .. '¦:. ¦ :.
' - ::.-.:.; to :. . Light City, y ; . ¦ ' ; - = . \ : :
Voters to Be Given Chance
Ho Express Wishes at
Special Election.
MUNICIPAL LIGHT
PLANT QUESTION
LEFT TO PEOPLE
TiiK SAX FRASTCISOO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1900.
Nihilistic Melodrama at the Grand
"THE RED LAMP"
GLOWS BRIGHTLY
Opera House— Rare Musical
Treat at the Tivoli.
An Ungrateful Beggar.
Thomas Morris went Into the store of K.
Harris, 826 Kearny street, on Monday and
asked one of the clerks for 25 cents with
which to buy a meal. He pot the monev
and while walking out stole a pair- of
trousers. Morris was chased and captured
by Policeman Handley. Yesterday Judge
Cabanlss gave him lour months In the
County JalL
Battered k Policeman!
¦ Elmer Milier.-.a . "tough'' who hafl'sp\>
era! tirats been : arrested, waa. .sent: to the
County- Jail 'for. sbc- months' byJudefe'Mbv
gan. yesterday 'for battering Policeman
HorUhy at Ocean Beach July:23, • William
Hlil. who was chared with a similar Of
fense,, got off with; .thirty, days. : ; .. ..v/.: • v
11ifft^j^X^
12
SAX I'HANCISCO OjlMa^^-igV
BUSINESS OFFICE of. The Ban Tria'Afip,.
(all. corner cf Market and Third. street*. :PP«tt
Mtitil 22 o'clock every nlRbt In -the Yf»v. '::V 1 - : :V
: BHANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, street,
comer Clay; open until 9:20 p. m.?" : '.\$-.]\. '¦£.'"¦
:.-3uO Ilayrs street; open until S:SO :p,. : tn. ;:;',;•: ;;.'
C39 McAllister street; open until »:80 & **C' : ; r>
Ci; larkin street; open until 9:80 p, ../va~.:l'.K.V\ V
3?41 Mission street; open, until 10 ju'.BJ-"; v.-ir 1 ,;-.:
r«l MifEicn etreet, corner 6lWeenJh;'.:,oj)eo
until 8 p. m, : '¦ -..;•• yy'[ ;;!->- : ' : .;- :.^ : . ....
; 106 Eleventh street; open untU 9 p. EJ.'"'. •
l<a« Valencia street :' cpeti until 9 p. Si. '¦¦?. f ;;-y
Northwest corner TweTity--=»cnn3 atid H/ep*-
tucky rtrefts; ojien until I -P- --ittt V-' ¦ '-;-y ; '--' :/ -
aiEKTl.Mi .NOTICES. ; - Y-\ \.) ¦,
C^ALIFOKNIA Council No. 2. R. and 8.:;.:«y
M., will meet THIS .(WEDNS^PAY) .-.^JV-':
EVENING. August 1, at & o'clock. 1 lip* TL2\
buEincp* and degrees- . By •: order O? <&t : '-:-^-. V
T. 1. M. FRANKLIN: II. I>AY.. Rerorder. ..:-:
MOUNT Maria!) Ixxlge K". 44. K. Ari4 : :ft : '.
A M.— ftaied meeting -THIS < WEl>-;j\i
NESI)AY> EVENING at 8 o'clock;; r:j:l*J\
; THIX>. rttOI4C?.I. tiocretai?-. * ~ *
cTnoFKirrT i»dge No. i"9. f, snij
M.—^tat^d rn«-fting cRfl D: 3d TinS"£«V^
i v;:MNG. Aug. 1. tt T:36, ¦ -1'V '«f4«* itX
of W, M II. rOUTRIEDKy yec..;y/y >
EXi'ELFIOR Jx>dj:e No.:JC6. .F- end V. ¦
M.— sta.t«i nK-eting Tills <wt:dx.rs«-
DAY) EVENING. August L at > ->-3J.*X
o'clock; also third deurpt .': . . ; v ;..-"•'/:? .^
TliEO. E: SMITH. Secretary. '
MISSION Lodge No. 5<!9. F. and '^AC /- : ft :¦¦¦
M.— Ktat^i meeting THIS (WEDNES- -JV^
DAY) EVENLN'G at T o'clock. Thirl XX'
4f«ree. - --:. -y -^J-'JiW:^.
flEO. D. FLACK, : Secretary prflritew..'
MAGNOLIA. Lodge No 2S, I. O. O. '^£^d^ f
F.— Funeral of c.ir lat^ brother. -=^>ygSKV^
Theo. I •. <^rar.z. THIS WEDNES-^ ¦^ZSGfi^?^
IjAY at 2 p. rr.. ivtail please;:.-: '¦ ..'Wk':- ;¦¦;¦:¦:
attend. SAMUEL I'OLACIC Secretary.':.
ABOC BEN ADHEM Lodge No.; : ¦ ji«B«tt»(»: '
112, 1 " O. F.— InstallaUon d rrJTSSSi
officers THURSDAY EVENING,
August 2. Ail invited- : -': ..'*'¦'••" .:.-:'
¦ T, G, OBRAM;: X. Qy ; ;
AUSTRIAN Uer.evolent Society— Regu- -Va.. ;
lar meeting cf this society will take pSj5*Ta
[lace on WEDNESDAY EVENING. WtA$3
.\-^r^'' 1- 1900. Ai! the mo^.bers are V*i4«
requested to be present, as business :
of great Importance will be transacted also
for appropriations. By order of : : - '..
' J. L RADOVICH. Pre»ident.
AUG. Mlgl'LICH. Rec. Sec. : :
HAVE you heard the FORWARD MOVEMENT
WORKERS? Pythian Castle. S09 Market St..
each day t^'.s week. 2 an! 6 p. m. W&1X&E&-
t»AY. EVENING at Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F. E. Thomas, in the Gold Run
Placer Claim, near Quincy. Plumas Co.. to
deposit tailines en a fiat: from Walter C. Rob-
inson. In the Dea<!wood Hill Mine, near
Meadr-w Valley. Plumas Co., to deposit tall-
inps in Dfadwond Creek; from W. B. Meek,
In the Indian Hill Mln». near Cam.pt.onvi He,
Yuba Co.. to deposit tailings in Indian Creek :
from the La Porte Consolidated Cold Mining
Co., in the I>jtch Mine, near La '"..Porte, Plu-.
w.3lF Co., to deix.?it tailtbgs In Rabbit CreeV;
from J. T. Birmingham, in the Strawberry
Mine, at Ftrawberry Valley. Yuba: Co.. to .de-
pipit tailiries in a worked-out -pit. and frpm.
C. M. Jureensr.ij, in the Garden City Mir>,
n^ar Gibwnvijle, Sierra Co.. to deposit, tai!--
irtes in a ravine, gives notice that « rn-eeUr.g
¦will be held at room 19. Flood building,^ San
Francisco. Cal., en Angust 1Z, 1S00, at ; l:?0
r m. .-¦: : > : : ' ; .- ..-.;' . ¦¦:¦;'.'¦ .•¦'-.-..•.;¦¦.-.'
ANNl'AL meetlnc— The regular ar.nual .roeel-
i-r.C <if the f>tockho!den> M the H aka I? u Plan-
tation CorajaDv will »>e held a t the : office of
she compatjy. SIT Market Ft., San FrancisoiV
Cal.. on WEDNESDAY, the 1st day ofy'Au-
gUFt. V'JO. »t the hour of 11 o'clock .-toretiiM'.ii
for the rurp<-fe of electing a board ot-di-
rectons to serre for the ensuing year ..and
the transaction cf such other : business as
ir.ay come before the meeting. ...;•'. :.'Y' ¦..-•
. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary, . ,.
ANNUAL MEETING. y ;:.'-.=: -.;.:, ::.-'..
The Ri«don Ircn and Lororaotjve Works.—^The
cr.nual rceetlr.e the stockholder? Of the R(s»
(en Iron ard Locomotive Worke, for the elec*
t! f n of trustees for the ensuing year and th«
tra^.Fartirn cf such other business as may be
brptiRht Vefcr- the meeting, will be held at th*
r-f!V*-.cif the company, southeast comer of Bea:ie
erf Hc»ard Pts.. San Franrisco. on MONDAY,
the 6th day of August. 1S00, at 11 o'clock a; in,
..'¦ "¦'-'"•,-:¦;.- ;¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ L. R. MEAD. Secretary^:
AGE.VTS WANTED. ;^i:> :
AC, ENTF wanted to sell UrdaeM >iew of Oak-
Innd. F. & H. SODERBERG.: comer Fratik-
Un ani Fourteenth sts., Oakland. . ¦ : : : .;.-;
'teCnSSCTK of ability and experience ra life lnsur-
anw. <;all et room 101, M7 Maxket, cor. Sixth.
WE handle ne«-ept novelties for agents. PA*
<"IF1C AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. \2t61 l^th fct.
ATTOIl.\EYS AT L.1W. ; .,
R. W, KING, attorney at law, S27 Market St.,
mom G!7: rstatea, damages. auachnM>nt«>.
bankruptcy, collections; all caj=es: fair fee*;
rra^lvanrf char*re»; money loaned on estates
APVI«"E free; divorce law a specialty; private;
¦ nn fee without Fuecess: ccllectl.ons. ..- O/ V>'.
HOWE, attr at law. s:.O Market, cor. Stockton.
FEKE advice; divorce I.iv.s, damatre*. . e*tatcr.
tv-illeotionr. J. A.- Mitchell, 314 MontgOmerT'-
AltVICE free; no charge unless successful. '< W.
Vv. DAVII). g ON. i2: Market St.. opp. Magoa,
L. S. CLAKK. Emma Fpreckels bldg., *27 Mar-
ket gt.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
.'OUSTER. liERMAN~j., attorney. 5^ Market
yt.. r. .'25: open PA-e.. 7-9; cotiKultation free.
AlTO.MOI5II.Kv
AI-TOMOIJILKS — FRED WARD & ioN
Agf-nts, 46 Frornorit Et. ¦ ; . : '. ..'.• .- .;
PATH CABINETS.
nOmXSOX ta, 4-panel foMIns: dooPopenspflrni
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt., 426 EUla.
BELGIAN UAUES.
J, KUMUKR of fine doee at low rrl^ep; bred to
our finest lucks; LORD EDINBORO (Imp)
fee .?::.; DUKE OK CLARENCE (imp), fee
$15: line lot of youngsters from 3 to 5 month*
old from Lord Edinboro ar.d our Imported
does, with prand color and perfect feet all
round; full line of rabbit supplies; free liter-
ature. SAX FRAN'CISOO IJKLGIAX HAliU
CO. : SAM C. HAMMOND, Mgr.,
_ ,_ Office-Fpreckels Market
Rabbitn"— 1 .0l5 Photwell st.
KITLGIAX HARES!! ~ * ~~
AH the popular strains at RT-eatly reduced
rriceg. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS-
SOCIATION, Alameda, Cal.
LOUD F.lr'HODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb"
prize in Enplend. at 314 Golden Gate ave!
CHAM PXOSC RELGIAN HARE SANITARY
IfEAEKHrARTEKS; sales daily. 10uS^ Eutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAnTTiaRE CO. ,609 Goi^
d»-n Gate av.. S. K.. 500 rabbit? for sale cheap.
BO.1HDI.\G FOR CHILDKKS.
INFANT? taken to board; private home- epe-
rial care; pleasant and healthy place;' chil-
drt-n 2 to > years boarded J10 month; San
I^andro. Alan.r-da Co.." Apply 3 Cohen plac*.
ULSI.\CSS CI1AXCI3S.
A-IS0»: "CORNER Baloon~wltn~haTr in choicest
location on Geary st.; rent Hi; lea*e- plac*
kept by owner for years and is doing a ~ood
'. '.!<aying. business. I'articulars 11. G VVILKE
J€H Kfaray et. " '
A-JO; PARTNER wanted In barber ehop in
leading feornd-class hotel of this city; about
fSO per month for each partner Kuaranieed
«-'all 1C G. WH.KE, St-4 Kearr.y l y^ ranle * a -
A-flCCO-CORVER grocery and tar on Larkin
rt.. rent. Including 5 rooms, $44: horse and
wagon; C years' lease; daily receipts about
¦ $30; owner to leave for the country * flrst-
ciass and rare chance. Call R. U. TIILKF
2C"i Kearrty st. .; : '
A-tM0; UEUCACT ard dairy produce Jn Ala.
meda: resttti <5aily receipts Jii; burinesi «-
¦ tabl. -a yea.; 8. C&H It. G WILKK. 26^ Xeari.y.
A- flTiO: '.CQBKER erocery and bar on Misnion
et,; place h«s been kept Uy present owrer
fcr 10 year?! and clearinj; above $O per
rnotah;'Ft<x;k and fixtures worth- thf- money
<¦•*!! tt. G. W1LKE. 2C'^ Kearny;."; ™ On * y -
A-S-COO— EESTAntANT and chophouse on
•^ILKE/gg KcSSt I? bar6M °- "T: G -
A— f4f-00; COItNEIl grocery and bar: established
• year* and known as a money making place-
best location to Clironicle building. See
-.. R G. \\ ILKE, 26*j Kearny et. ;-.. .:
A-Jii'mo-.iiivestmpnt; the owner of -he best
. -fittod- and li«ft located candy and Icecrtam
. . J-tnre and .iactory in San Franrieco - doL&'r *
¦ :l-Ui-;j-.es-*-of- tl4.QC0 yearlr. wifh~s to retire-
...:=r*taUH.f.l>ed...?2 yeare; full invt- h tisratlprj'- so-
; UHt;^; -0wn*r ¦•»•)« regain with r-Brfhaser an
. nridrffinite tiroe.; LANE & CO.. {•(# Market tt,
A— S400ff." Investment: ' the owner of the: b*-!t
-. Otted and- best !o<-*ted can/ly and Icecream
¦ «;t&re and factory ¦ la Pan Francisco, doing a
. ..burlnees of.n4,tW yearly, wlfhes to retire-
•eFtaWlshed.. 22- years; fun lnvesUcatlon so^
.Ucited r <>R'ner *111 remain with purchaser an
¦Indefinite- tfnn>. LANE & CO.. SC Market et.
A^tMfr^PAHTNtn wanted In lijrht business
•¦.,-5-uited' to pi.i'ru Bte3dy.tnan satisfied with $18
.. -'.to. *2i;. : a.:«.w;k-, no experieuc*. required; trial
'¦^j»-;y>n.;. -.•StJeary st;,.'Toorn:2. ' •.•¦•.¦ .;'. • ' ; . ¦
'¦.1'i'rTi P.KiA-Z— At a bPrsaln; 4 n-.-M-ciass saloons -
¦ ;3 : todglrwc fcpusei-;: 2 '-clear stores;, grocery and
: :. l?arf;- JoofUiTo. at: fjfice; SJO Jloward «t. 'Me-
}:'&mD$:A ca.-aBrpts.yy- ; ; ; :- . j • , .-¦ .
JS—. KAL/S("»*C: corper: heart -*:lty; this is. a bar-
feafn: pV.tney>. CitWlXG. & CO., 719 Market.
A-^CtGA'RV. stand; <?#ntrally located; big: bar-
; caia. : COWING & CO... 719 Market «.- .;
; ¦'?:' BCStXEsi' : <?ttAXCES^- r -CO.VTIXTJIpb;f ' ;
Jia^PARTJCEjR;^: lights JndOOr -business;
..pay dret-JBO r>er month to each. yearly. SI?- .
i '/i,p.AV.GJtptX- & OQ.. :t77^ : Market et. ;. y ¦';.:¦"
JlOO^CbllNER fruit and vegetable etbre: horse:
' :¦¦* ¦¦xrjugsjpa; 'i bargain. .¦-: ilcLAUpIlLlN. & ; CQ:.
I ¦'¦ *t|-. : ": ¦ :¦;';. -iV:. : i.= ' ¦:yy;. .'-^ ¦¦•;¦'¦¦
Ha»-iMiLK : : route; 2S. .cans d«Jly: : eoiritf East .'
•¦¦jeau«c of :sal»: :8tore frtcluaed:. MeLAT.'<3HLIN
' M^keti-jt.. ;¦;¦;.-;:;: '.v. ;.; ; y , : ' .-:'.;••¦; .
¦ JSTI^B.irrCHER ''¦¦ , ehej?'; : -.ptftsperous ' : ; co.utitri-
; / tewTi.::.- aa:Hy : : rfrelptt; t<3.; . McI/AUGItLIN y&
• :'M^^-^^-^|tarket -»t;> \i -;V ;.¦• j-^-^:. : - '
ipoed^-lJA-KJiitYi ¦'r'rospercrui : i'oc^ntb': Xowh; •
f. tra.de 2^ barrels daily. ilcLArOIILIs: i CO,.
.y^TS/^'Ar.K^'tJ-:- • •'.: '¦ - ;••;•¦ i-'y y.=; ' : . : •-..•.• \)V\J '
tt25— PA ICTN1SR ¦wanted: <viffe«' and chophouse.
¦ : :; : ii<7i^pj^iiUixi&:-CQ:^Tf7^i. Market: 8t.:..; ,;;y
: A-J2j00 : .i^;^; ,^. : ..» ;.:;':. $2fW) m.-U • ~-i.-'ili'... J250O
•;:. ; :X'./.-.'i.i.-'..R!?ftaurant. : water- f.ront;. v :.;;...>.;>...
; ; '. ..•; :U ;i/ifiV* •-.¦' handaom^Jy : fitted ;;-.... » ; > .;.;... .'• .
•;.;i.;^i..i,;«.;:fine?t..JocjaHor» In city;.; iV..U. ».'.•;»•
.» »^J..L..».. : jnea's: jTioand ugnard; ............
' -; ; -i l vii.;i,.v«-i r .i-; receipts." laH to: 170; ..v.^.i.;..^-
; . ; .,..>i..,^i, rent rea-oonabJe: lease; ..-;,...>.:>'..
'.'.'iislii.-.ii^.'il fpleh(Iid : proiK>*Jtlon;.\.>'.r.. w;.'.;'.v-.
. ¦/^•,;.t-;U^'»» : :wlU^ortave!!.ncotlon.' :.¦:-.-•.';.•>•-:.
: ¦:?;i.:v.i..:;,.v,.gTEN'JJERU. CO.. S35; Market. St.;.
: f2Jc^'FOR:*al^; reMa,urant: In TiVn!ro'ri:::-7'.ic<;lg'-. i
.•;-'if.5;;tipopv».'r. : ;'Aiad'ress. ; MRS. LINI>, Tlburqt>>^ .
WANTED: to'- exchance park Iptai for- paper;
--yr?Su«v ;¦: Boatj'34Cy.-- Call of tit«.; ;, .".:':-¦¦•¦; ' .'¦ • -- ..:'..-
¦ A JP1SE vnfing store; this i« a rrand .chince;
¦¦:.'-vWi e«4l Chfap; books can be feen; it will pay
'yen: to Invcstifiate. 1517. ttid 1519 Park :st.,.
, '.y: Ala^efli?fc; V. :: ; ; • ¦ -¦:• ;'- ¦;.;: > ;; ; ¦::....; .' \.-. y -;/; ' .' '
FOR ealer-A good paying grocery, and; g-enoral
'«¦' bu>in-feEft in' tits'..' foothill - region <tf ;- 5o.uthern ;
; ' Call f orri.la, ; : good reasons : lor sell ing ; busihess
• of a^ttr J2000 per mo.i little competition
'.; office ¦ lit. Btore. . AddreES lock .box IIS. = Craf-
. ..tonvlHe. Ca.L . :' ; ; '--:., ;¦''¦:';'.;' "•; ..y:/.':- :y,:V^ ¦
. r<?R' SALE—A (strictly ijrood: bustri^ss restaur-
; ant; :iW chairs. and feeding 100 people;, bakery
: .using 2 barrels flour daily; horse ;and waRein:
lodging-house. 'S4 rooms newly i furnished:
¦ finest opportunity to make rnoriei'i:. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, ' Bakers-
ceid. cai^' v - . .: ¦'-¦¦.;::¦ 'i..' : '- : . '-'•¦¦•'.'¦•¦¦ : . : '-'.' "7 ; --
TO REiv"T-^For coal j-anl, naiTkdepot. etc; fine
location; plac* Is entirely covered; contains 3
1 stalls: rent only $15;: water free. Inquire W>I.
J . HENDRICKSON & CO., €14 Call building.
{FOR ' fill* on account -of departure: good hariier
i,hoj (10c ¦¦ .shave); with good established trade;
t yblg paying. Call 61S Broadway, near Dupont.
• FOR SALE— Saloon; good bu?tr.ess: cause, plck-
f fcess. . Inquire 44 Second st. ; . : .' . - . .:. "i' ¦'.' :. ;
; BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry: present
V • owner there « years. -507 Third St. ' . . r ,. : -
'} FJR?T-CLASr< nyster and chop hcuso for gale
.; crieap, ...on account of sickness. Box 3107, Call.
I WANTED— .Newspaper route; irive full partlcu-
.-¦: ¦ ''.lars. Address N.. box S459. Call office. : .
' WANTKt>— A partner tn a good paying :buti;her
¦| IkfjnesV at. : 3C;5 Sixteenth, fit.- ¦ ' .- • '¦" .- :.
;, ,p-<HRKS!TAi;K A NT ; 272 Braiirian.. St.; '; good.
•!~ •': r!a.rc for man end Wife. .'¦.:- y-.'
' COFFEE and -tea: routes nupplled from GEO.
i : W.. C ASV\'ELI> & CO,, 412 gtu?raraeJitp <-t, : . .
'CLASSIFIED, advertisements nrid subscriptions
I . i eretved i at CaJl branch nf lice. 2200 Fijlmare st, .
i A BRANCH office for Call adv*rtist>mepts and
:' / fiibrcripUoriS: • lias been established y at- :1006
j . " VaJenola. st/: ,--:" ; . -: ; . : 'l •¦'" : : '' ; -
j '.': ; =• ¦.; foh ; : :
j n. H- WINSTON & CO., rCS Market St..:: ;-
i J3 rooms; flne corner;, a bargain.. .......... $S»0
I '-37'rQbrQs; payJnB house.. i-.'.. ,..,-.. •;..'..;.;.. 1260 ¦
[¦ M roorns; clears $l*i0; reduced to.;;. ..;.:.. 2n»X) i
j '¦ eSroorns:; best: in.city; corner.....;,....... 3200.
I&Q other: paying houtN^a to select from. ;> ¦ ;¦
I >IAR.i6n •GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rr. Call bldg. j
| i Many hotels arid big bouses. SPW to J25.00Q.'
ijl paying hauifs, 16 to 24 rewms. all prices. • ¦:
j :U good- heu*«s cf 14 rooms,;.frorri $475 up. /:.¦¦".¦
. 4S «bcap house?.- 7 ta 12 rooms, from $250 -.up: ¦ . :
j .1 haye : 2T buverg: list your hpuse with me. ¦' .
I HOrUSE&vfrcJil 10 16 ":-lS? rooms; pood jlocatl^ns;
1 hottest valu>, : perfect titl«'.Ruarant.6fed..to buy- 1
ers.MJT:n<y Icoiipd. SCHWEINH'ARD & <-'O..
, ; .SI* MaTket ist.. opp- ' Mason; phrtne Hint "1911;
J f 1200— SNAP— 36 -Tnofti'm all rented; fine location,
]¦¦ near. Market,' BASILF.,- 3 ¦^¦idy^ty.M. : .-: ¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦
(CA^ii»AiGN ;¦¦':' poot.o y buttons. I- :\ ;
1 ilF'iT. of all kinds, of photo buttons and Jewel-
| it; wholesale and; retail; pend .for- catatoi?ue,
: | : Miniature Portrait Co..; 933 Market jet..' S. F.'
': CAill'ET hEATiXG :A.VD CUEaS'I.VG.
V^IEN yon become disgusted with i poor work
f scna to. fiPAULmNG'S Pioneer. Carp«t-Beat- }
}. Ing^ .Wcrksi: ;3E3-3;>7 Tehama el. : : tel. R-Suth 40 I
J-J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleanlrnc Co.. J
| ..4."3. St<-VpnFcn St.; tel. South 2IS; lowest rates. |
i SANITARY 3$*i^%CJW^ni>.i|^rfiwtfiir^CSs^t
342-344 McAllister fit. ; : phone' South . 146; -• ':.'.- ••.. : .'.|
¦I J. ¦ E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating ond R<>ni- '-.j'
J vatlng Cb.i : .2«0 Fourteenth Ft..: tel. 5{lssion;J4. r
; CITY 5tf am jf'arpet-neatins . Works', G. . : H. |
j : STEVENS, jn&r,, 3S-40 Sth st.; tel. SouthKO.
¦ CABPETS cleane.l at 2c: per yard. laid at 4c.
;{:¦: STRATTOX'?, 3 Eighth St.; tel. -Jessie 944. .
i APVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. ; 402 Sutter st.;
i.: tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet -Beating Works, 333 Golden
¦ .¦.Gate, ave. ; telephone East 126. ¦. .- ¦¦ .-. -
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wasons, buPRles. carts.: harness*,
etc.. cheap. :; EQAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
j AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping tragon, for Fale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & ' 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
typ«s. work &' driving horses. '13th & Valencia.
: ;..¦': Sl'IUITUALISM.
: SPIRITUAL mealnm, Mrs. Harrison.'sjS Mls-
i ¦ aloni readings daily; 25c, 50o and $1; circle
! Tue*.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves. ; 10c.
j WAT?ON., the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 2ic ana 50c. 15&1 Market st.,
near Twelfth. ; . . ¦ '. ' 0 ':¦•¦. : -' : ; -. :
SPIRITUAL meeting to^nis-ht; cohvlnclngr test.
.8 D. m. Mrs. Maxwell, 1238 Howard St.. • :
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde st.. nr. iloAHIster;
I; circle to-night 10c; skeptics invited; elt. dally.
t MRS. KOTTER. 24 Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2 &
! S p. m. ; lCc; sittings daily: Q, $1; L. : EOc.- ¦ .
! FRIENDSHIP~Hall, 335 McAllteter— Mra. C. J.
! Meyer; Pit. daily; convlnc'e testa to-night 10c.
' MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p :'m.: 10c; slttinga
dally. 50c. 127 Turk st... . . ¦'¦ ¦'.. '¦:. :¦ :;. :.'.,- . : ; . .
MRS. ETIQUE. 1204 Fillmore— Circle this eve.,
10c; reading dally, DCc. .- • ¦¦ '. y :; : ¦¦:'.- ;"- .. : -
MRS, J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; slttlfjg $1. . ¦'. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOVAXTS.; . ; .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second eight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles COc;
(rents 1 1 : palm & clair. sit. Jl W. 126 Turk st.
j CLAIRVOYANT, test, business medium, card
! reader, 25c up. 823 Mission, nr. 4th; no sign.
I MME. LENEMAR— Fortun-ea by planets; pre-
J dieted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MME.ZEREDA. the gypsy,- Is the great palmist
and card reader; 3c. 5 Seventh St., no sign.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MISS MELVILLE. Kreat clairvoyant and water
reader; German epoken. 921V£ MissIon.op.Mlnt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
i: advice; names given; &o up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SVBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 23c; ladies. 614 O'Farrell st.
j . COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLTTS Agency^— No charge un-
: less successful. Room 310, 927; Market Et.
¦.-.•-/••/ : co;rrAciKs to Lii-r. .
3 ROOMS: ".Mr 237: gunnyslde are., or will sell
*50 cash, »W per month. THE MCCARTHY
; CO.. 64t Market: st. ;-. '':':'.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms: and bath; rent jS 50. 8S35
¦ Twenty-fifth bU> • •• . *.'...-
i' ;:::v : : -..":.- . ¦-. : .- dentists. .;'• ' '.
AT theELECTRQ-DENTrAL CLINIC, 609' Mar-
ket St.; cbr. ,4th^ rm. 7,' Flood bldg., you can
: :iiave your extractlon» 4one' palhles.«ly; '. teeth
.without plates- our specialty; gold crowns.
; $3 00 up;plates.: iextractlons: free, H £0 up; of-
; flee hours 9- a. m. to 10 p. m'.-: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O.W. :WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
A— DR. : V. CAVALSKY: has | returned - from
I : the Paris Exposition with some -of the finest
i patents tor painless. "dentlsto*. plates, teeth
I without a plate, crown; and .bridge work ; all
.'work warranted: plates, full .set, $5; lllllnc.-i,
E0e;'crowiU3:5P. Chicago .Dental Parlort. 24 6th,.
EIGHT prizes. f6r': : best crowns., plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret;', palrtlees method; 20 years' ex-
• per1encer.no. ptudents; advice 1 free; prices
: cheapest •. and guarantewl'; lady attendants.;
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 OFarrell Bt, .
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full s»t of teeth, f.4; croyrrs. ; -$3 ; QIIIbkb, 23c.
. VAN VROOM— ••Painless'.' ; evenings and Sun-
! day*. it»l Market bL, corner. Sixth!
¦-,.' : :< V >^'.Z^' : ¦ -PC-NT1STS.; .! : .•;.• % : :; - i\.-'
¦D.R. LU. PLi; M :niL!Ci,-: :: 14j|3. Market, n'r. :Eleveri:th"
i ¦ ~ Np.cbarge: .for.extra'GtiriK. . when;: pla-t»s \ are.'
: •"-¦rnaaei qI&. plates made ov ; qr. like new; teeth
•¦.¦ : rroi^:.:$^'.per.8et T :'iJ^tyacjtjng/^'ggc;''gaa[';glv'eTi;j.:
-SKT-'-.iir ; ;t'peth : without ! i; plate." I DR; iit. : . G.
. : -lS4i;/Pnlk 'jitr-j.c- W' *"¦*¦ .^;V.": : ¦;)'¦:'
, : -:-':'-/o ¦?•* \poG:' iiospiTAJLsy |-i/ : •-;>/, :;•'••.
DR: BTJ^AiiD^^.EJoiif.Hp^pltAi.-Post, ITHlmpreJ-
.s. Ad^ce. iind-m<idtclne 7Sic;- cJ-.ty, visits- $1-50 > .a21
,-jBglfeate-'tr.<?a;tea; :dbgS;boa'rdgct.' 'Jet.; West 63fi.
Kr;. C.P.mariKe cure 'and : iform pllla
vby^ru^lstgor: at':faoFprttal.:;£10Gb.lde.n.Oftte.a:v.
ACCORDfeON plr-aynsrif^ctorj': nil kinds'. pleat-
' lhETt P'ltrftllJBr.' IJl.ipbfet. ovi6rO';C6nnor&.Moffa.tt'.
S. -Fi, ilr.e^Kiiiakliiigysf-hoolj 4atest' melhoda:. eapY
I. .terms; .dresses.:;made. : t9! ; orclt;r.. '.70&' jjlockton st.
REMOVE.I^-MciMwbli; IJfe'ssniakihiit. :>rillinery :
': ¦ SchpoJ' tp/1019^larket st... aibcjVi " gljah-j:; ;.;./
S. F. 1 -.pres5riiaUfnxi:.:t.adb's:- ¦Tallrirfng : Schooi:
.¦¦;Fjen:ch'^ortiip:gy : st<>«vjlaught: p\ Van Nesj.
PARiSl'.A'^'^lre.^iTi-aiiri^j'SR? 'G. : earj' :: Ft;,.'drPss^s :
.' niad^; : '.jtji .O'i>:Mi;tyHlsf.a;rnia<ly j»ver; : perfect flt||-'
ifME2:- : «K>inj5SrT :r; 53ff :SMtef..Vt. j'' 4H?srnakIii-
: . PChi»p).; yny Y>atterh"cut.tb ! mea.feur:e:; : : :¦-- j...
:¦¦¦¦.¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦:¦¦ EDVCA't'tliSAV;:- -.:¦ '-¦ .:!' ¦
A YltEfeviiSislri^s^CplIeK^''^^7^Sl*rk«t ' Bt^' " U«e
: .'.scltftiarsliiii, :j50: ; inclu<i;fts shorthand, typln's; '
"^biwk-kcejiihg,' .; telesraphy;-. day-; jindi. evening;'
; : .- Jiifet ;acl<led! hew., business, practice. :bf flces : atid
¦l-jti riew ¦tyrit.wrl-fi'rju. : :."-¦¦ ;'-: ' |. •'.-': : -]i_
BbOK.Kl5Ei 3 IN'o.or.6.hortha.rid; if you want to
: .learn ;ln '^.llmUc'di ttm^'take ixrlvate . tespnni'
,'frorn alxtexDerienccd tfachet;'- M.' 'W. ¦ COR-
"yiTLL. . roojn SS.y'rhUrldw .-blqclc; .126: 'Kearrty.
ALL . :snid£rits btit ; two vj,a}<:ln«r.: riill course thia
•¦.jxar-ffot pOPiti->l'.5. fS.\N FUANCISCO BUSI-
;yyE^: : crQLI < EGE;;i236;^arH:et;;sI...'y; : /': .' ;;,j,
CALIFORNIA :piBsineF!< : ColieB^.;sDj Larklri st :
¦¦ tlie 1 c.WJii'ns, achftol:; 1 thorij'ugb;;.uP"tP!-date; a\\
; brari&h«^i J.ppsltibns-: E?ci?red:;for..Kra<Juates. )¦ ¦
ENGlNEJERiNGi ci.Yllvel&Ci.mjnlng, ,:rhe.ch.. sufr :
¦ voy. assay-; cyahio?. arch.-: day; ovb. ;:est.- 1S64.
.VAN 1>ER N'AILLEN SCKpOL, $33 Market:
X,AV, T schofils; :937 ;Market, ; :S. F.,iand:?03 Broa^-
y way.; Qaklarf3;jday : and;nlght; correspondence..
Jt; st'M^EBANDEilSOX: is Klviiig private In-
:strtLctlon : :at pupils'.- homes. ' Box 3495.. . Call. i !
PIANp' aiwl:. German; pupil of ConserS'atpry in
; : '-.L«lpslip;.;'l'das.6.iis.:'?5c.-. 320 Golden Gate ave. .¦: .
ARlTiiAIKlTIC bodkkeeplilg. frrammar, writing;,
.. /etc., :day or eve.;.$> mo.; 1014 Mission, nr 6th.
HEALD' S BUSINESS COLLEGE; 2TPost st,
•V: S, F. ;;founde-d 1S63; SO-page catalogue free. ¦;
LE JEUNE-Art: and Craft School;, modeling,
j aeatgning.'.carv-Iris. all branches. 424 Pine Bt.
:;: . :i ejiplovjiext ofi<-ices. \]
A—JAPANESE arid Chinese employment coni-
tractor:, estab. over 1» years;' all kinds help.
421 rost'.gy. near Powell;; telephone Bush 135.
"UNION Japanese-Chlnese-emp. office— Best help
: furn. ; domestic serv. 417 PQwell; tel. Clay S6.
OBPIIEUM: Employmerit Office— Japanese. Chi:-
.; nese help.. 420 Povvell.nr.jSutter^tel. Black. 0072.
JAPANESE and Chinese 7 '.Employment Office;
...best -.help: furn; tel. John 2121. £064' Stockton,
CMlNESE-and : Jar>aneW ; Employment Office^-
¦ Kef t help.' m\z Q'Farrell- Et;-; tel... East -426.
;^\^:^F^Nl'iTlillE.'F:OH;'sALiB.y'-V. ¦]] ¦
i ROOilS . fu'rnlshffd iin oafe f^r ? $l?$0^withl5o7 ? 7 :
. -range. : :Kins Furniture; Co.-, 1127-1131 -Market-
.'¦.•: f ¦ ;.',:;' FthtXITUKUyAVAXTED.; ; • yi
Joftoo worth 'srf furriiture.'icarpets.^etc.; wanteoT
•-¦ M. : Sllyerstein;: 112JL Market^ tei.y Folsom 1103;
ALFRED'. WpLLPERT.;773. illsslon st.v pays
highest price for yybur gecood-hand ;furnlture.
W. E, CODY. Claie with JL--T, Terrj' & Co.) buys
¦:.fnrnrtur^. : garpetsV ; ToIjMlsslpji; ; tel: Red : 3353.
: KM I'MirJlEM 1 : ¦•WA^'TEli-i- FI231AJL.-kT
A yiRST.-C.LASS French cook: dejsiressltuation;.
:¦¦ best ¦ ojf : ref. . MISS, CgLLEy . ;,32» Sutter ¦'¦>*.
A— MIDDLE-AGED wojriah desires: ai*.poeltlbi
to aisstst.lni.kfteheri '4na;housewprk; no wash-'
. ixig .:¦¦.. very inpderate ¦w-Rgesa- ¦ ' Pjeaser call 700.
¦ Gold»ri.' Gate ave; ¦,..¦- =..»• . ; ;V -.-.- ;. /•. ..-. .-. ¦; ' -.;
A— NEAT- German girl;: who thoroughly under*
i • J=.tan>ls 'housekeeping arid' cooking, Wishes «itu-
/: :-(Ut'6h'. ••CjaU;. atshbeshopi-'Stelner-arid Cailfor-'
¦.nitt;.-Ani!erl<;ans- prtlj" np*d ' '¦ :' -. ¦" ¦'
O.OOD.:..rje ; spec.taWe. woman (American) . needs
.work, yery- badly; can: do -any kind; good
. ; houswlearier;- would -go by-, day. '242^4' Minna
. ; »t.. aowpstalrs^.-notln/rear. y.'-— ¦;_¦; :••'¦ .' ;• ¦; •
A-.- YOUNG-: Swedish, girl "wishes a position as
¦ nurse .for 1 Infant or. .-children. : Apply 2008 How-
.: : ardy et; : no ' postals;; .\ ¦ s. \: ¦¦:/:.. ' ¦;••... - ; \ '¦;'•:-;.;¦.
YCKf NO Swedish girl would. like a place In fam-
' lly to- rook: or do upstairs . work. .- Applyat 80
... Fo.uth.Park.. ¦¦•~:/X..-:'--i.y-:~ L ,-" : '---: :j ':<:¦>:¦. '.'¦¦:. '¦-...'
SWEDISH JirU,flrst>lasS "cobk',: ' wlshfts sltuar
•. tlr«n': in -Arai»rlcan : family; wages' no less than.
'Wt3O.; -Box 3415. Call.yy.;- ;/¦;-. >-O-^- A-.'."'..''^:. •';.-::
YOUNG Hpa,no>inavlan wishes pituation to.assist
. in light: housework; : 220 Sixth ave., near Cail-
if cvrnla-st;; Richmond- ;dtstrlct:;:: : ; :; ::;:- -"¦ ''..•'•'¦ ;f.-.- '
WANTE1>— By. fcorripetent ' middle-aged person;
. a situation : tr» ;.. dp llghr housework .in small
y:':family : x;>:,Apply.'-n; 'Fe»:;BL:: : .^. : : .-¦.¦¦; ¦'.:- >;"-..;; -v
Competent young iady : wishes position . as
¦ : governess; . profldf-nt >n German ; .best educa-
'. tlnri; <lty or country.- Box^9^3, Call, offlce/
COMPETENT, trustworthy ¦ housekeeper or po-
sition of. trust; good cook, and seamstress.
Address Box 2002,. Call office; Oakland. '
STRONG Scandinavian girl: wishes' a situation
for'-second : work or housework, j Call 1336V&
'. Np.tbma.:; fit-:, near Fifteenth. - .' '¦ .;• , '.¦'' : ;-
CERMAN Wishes to work by day washing and
. ironing or housework.- ,731 Minna St.. .' .•'.'
KELIA RLE woman, with clH'v 9 : years old,
.. wlHhes placie as cook or working housekeeper;
city', or country. . Address MKS. A. ' HAYES
:-3273 Mission, st..;- .;¦¦:: \/:"_-\ ;,.-"¦. : -. • ,- .
WOMAN Wishes : position: to-do washing and
V housecleaJiIng by tbe day.. IMS Eddy st.. near
'.'.Steiner..;-/ -v": ::¦ " : .':- .:-:'¦¦': " :.y;t'- -•' -. :V
TWO Swedish girlfe wish situations as cook and
¦ gerieral- housework or upstairs work;;, wages
from $2t> Up. . 23Llly ave., near Market st. j
GOOD washer and Ironer -wants family wash-
:. Ing to.do at home. Call/pll McAllister ;st.:- ; .
AN American girl desires position to take cars
-of child. Call 71S Valencia it, bet. 10 and 1; :
LADY wishes sewlrie and mendingr: to do at
home.': 179. Fourth 8t., room 6.~ ¦'-. .:¦ ¦.¦• • '. y .;.'•'.. :
WIXCJIESTER nouF«, 44 Third st. : , near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms;: 2ac to $150 night: i$l 60 'to $6
week; convenient: and respectable;: free. : bus
. :and bagsage to and from ferry, ; :'.: • • ¦ .1
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office,. 22C0Fillmore st.
A BRANCHbfflce tor Call advertisements and
Subscriptions has been established at. 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦-.;-¦- '- - • '. r-:--; 1 -' . ;: :- : -> : -'-.." .'¦.'¦ '.'¦ »' :
: EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
A .YOtjNG man; capable -of repairing furnlturCi
: pianos, etc... would like a ¦ position In : some
furnLture house; uses no liquor. or tobacco and
:is strictly reliable; '.also good- clerk and col-
;¦ lector. Address box; 2962^ Call office. ¦'•...:
POSITION by practical gardener and experi-
e enced orchardman; handy with tools; sober,
. steady and industrious; Al ': references. Ad-
dress. Box 3417, Call.. '.'¦ -.- : ... • .'• ;:
EXPERIENCED bartender, well educated,
(•peaks several languages, wishes situation in
hotel or. liquor store; city or country.- Ad-
: dress box C, Call branch. 300 Hayes St.- ;;
YOUNG man, 18 years, j living with parents,
would like position of any kind; not afraid of
work. Box 3416. Call.
WANTED — By all-round handy man; engineer,
stationary and hoisting; best- of references.
Address 6172 Telegraph ave., Oakland. :.
SCANDINAVIAN man; good machinist; can't
; speak English; desires job in machine shoD
; Box 3104, Call office.; ... ¦': ¦..
: WANTED—tPositlon as porter or Janitor by col-
: ored man; • Willing and:' not afraid of work
' Box 3402; Call offlce... : ¦ •:¦';'¦¦ '¦'..
A YOUNG man, German, -would like a posi-
tion as. grocery clerk In: small country town;
:. best of references. : Address Q. M., 1104 Lar-
: kin st. •; •;¦ .'¦ : ' .' ¦; '; ¦¦ \ : ;
; RESPECTABLE ! English . young, man desires
; poKitton as assistant :bookk«eper (n good
:] house:;good references. Box .3406, Call offlce. ; ;
TOUKG.man of: IS .desires-' positfon • with - re-'
: sponalbje attorneys chance to advance. Ad4
; dresa Box S4S7. ¦ Call. - ; y . • \- *Z
A BRIGHT boy, age 15, '.residing, with parents;
: wants . w6rk In store or office:' knows citv
well. : Call S29H Perry st, .; ¦ . ; ;. : ¦:;.
| POSITION as firFt-clflss baker and pastry cook'
: will go to country If desired;- hotel work pre-
.' ferred. Box 3444. Call .office. . ; : • -;j'
| A TRUSTWpnTHY.- Intelligent young mari
(well-educated. Japanese) would like position'
as vajetto cent. Or lady who Is, going to Ja-
; pan or.China;. will give best:Eatisractlon. Box
I 34SS. Call. ' ¦ ¦ . •¦;:*»¦,: - ¦ . . : .
= SOBER, reliable. .-single gardener, desires sttua-
! lion: unilor.«jHnilH lawn,. How crs, milking; gen-
! . erally . useful ' around' private, family; good
; ; reference;; eity .or country.- Box 2953, Call. ¦¦
XLASPiFIED'advertlsements and subseriptlons
| received: at Call;branch -offlce. 2200 I-Mllmore St.-
lA BRANCH ofHce for Call, advertisements and
• subscriptions has beeti established qt.lC96 .Va:-i
: lencia i-t.- . ¦•-.¦•-:'¦.¦ .; ".:¦-.¦.:.¦ ;-,*•
;"¦_ " EXPERT: * OPTICIANS. [. '¦ ,.-. . /
:EYES examined ire?; Epectac.les-pro'perly-ad- ;
; Justed. N.'Manasse:. oculist 6pticlan, 910; Mkt.
V :¦ '¦':):] ;¦ 1 '.FLATS ; VTO '/'^E* y : '¦'¦ '' " r "' ' ¦' -\''
:'4o».hq;uses':and''-flats: : -', f '. •;; - ; "' : •..;¦:;'
:••'. --^A/ M. -SPECK & CO. ; --i567. Market. -St....' '.••' :
tl37G*>ary, .h, r 10:'r,i$G5 i J54'Hawthorne, ;.f.,-- ';
: 23 Baker, h.. la r... 65 ! -::e:r.----H-Vi--"-^22 t0
...'SIS .Hyde. -h.'. -7 t.-.. 40 ¦TSdyfj Treat ave.,;.R-r. 16
.800 McAUisJer,h.^;r 45i '1-41SA Green, f.;, 4r.. .39.
.ladVt Tehania, t.,S-t.-.W. '. : >.;S ¦¦¦\-vA-- ¦'¦'¦- ¦ : • : .'
;A-^2-m'i1-:R:»unriy. riipd.f-rn' <!ats;S and 6 roonis :
' and bath :feachr{»5. and J'-'Jj.. . ' »73«S.7j . Golden.
:, : Gate .ave. ¦'.¦ •;;..; ¦: .-i. i; V- .: ' ': ' - } :
A— S-R0O>t ; flat • corner; sunny: 5My window*;
¦ -, all modtrn imp'rPyenVtsfclst floor! C417^: Third.
¦.'CALlKOnxiA|- : 29jii^- : j;p'pe|r /rnhnjv'-flat: "-.rooms;
;. ttlso; ;nnjsh<yl robm in fcasernentiy y '. ' I ¦:-;'-
Fivb ; light ; «unny Toorn?; and- ;l>asierrient; yard.
j; 133: Lily :avp. : k^y/at ilSiSLgage 8t|y' ; '.- ¦'¦¦» ;-;. .¦/ ¦
FLAT: to lft— id sunny i-QDms. : : 1201 ..Mlssjon: St..
: -r jiear ¦ Elghih: ' ¦ j-: ¦ ¦¦¦-:..: ;.=.¦;¦¦;¦)..¦.¦ : .¦¦:'_¦::¦
:GEARY.'.:-lli31;' : bet.-' Van'.;.N^s..anrl ;: '.Franklin-^-.
.y Modern jlower- flo'U' 7 .rbpins trnJ -:b>sement: : '-.
HOWARD, ! 539— .^hri;-' flat .of: 5 .rooms, yarci.:'
,;:. water'/ free -rent 412. ' A :¦ */,'.": ; - ' :'\ •:'¦'¦ ¦ '../'¦:'-'
•:lKybu : >vant'tom<»v.e : ket printed list .flats to let:
X) from pALDWIX L
INE. : COUNKil ¦ Nljicteejtth and Nfeots:. warm :
— b«>lt"-of the Mlrs'.on: 1 Mock from.' Eighteenth
v- br Caftro-Ft. cars;:' 2 lovely loiver 4 and : .,6.
¦'. rooni Hats;' modj'rn; sun! all day;: rent $14 and
•' $lS:'.^vater free. ¦'-.''• ; '-'.¦.¦• f '¦?. '-. . '.;-^ i ' ''.¦.'¦¦"¦\ ''¦'¦'¦
.¦RRNt! $S : ; ' upper: flat : .oti%:. minny^ Jroonis; , -212
.: Harriet : Bt.,- between IJarrison. ind . JJrj'a.nt.
'¦;¦: Hisith.arid-.ppvprith. .; -.'•|:.':.y'" "¦¦:; : '•-¦ ¦ •. ' --.'"I ¦¦
SEGOND;Ul3— 2 nice; sunnV: rear flats, 3 arid: 4
¦:' rooms; -rpnt fS arid $10;; bath, yard. : . j , : ¦•¦.
;f5UNNY.<leplrable: flats;- Oak and Lajruna stRV;
'-. 7.- 8. ¦' and $¦ room*; -renl; reasonable. . Apply
/'MADISQN &;BpRKE r .;-'. ;••;•= "py -.;•.-• ¦!¦¦
$11 5Q-5-NICE flat of.' 4 large sunny rooms; bath. ;
• y-g-as -.-arid;'. large yard:- • S02S Nineteenth St.,'. be-
:-.:.tweeri Noe and Sanchez^ ¦;,'.'. i : ;... ¦/
$22 r-iHr-MODERN flat, 8 rooms, >ath: : newly:
: . grained ;:• firBt-class. 1128 ¦'IIp-wanl..-nr. Seventh.
:?KH-yPPER-flat Of 4 sunny - rooms. • ¦ 27. Pearl
: :..&t.; . off-Market,; riear..yalencla: ; y ¦ .- - -
$14— 5;. ROOMS, bath; hew :impr6%'e'ments; big
: : yard. 271 B Clementina st... ¦¦••;;-¦ ¦: . .
l\ FL ,ATi / TO! LET—FIJRjriSHED. ;
GROVE, ISIS, near. Fillmore^-Furnls'hed, flat of
¦ : 6 large, eunny rooms; :' piano;, front and Ride
-yards: family stable: rent {40 without stable.
.: Apply on premises or MADISON: & ; RURKK. .
FURNISHED flat 5 rooms and bath. 1510A
:llyde St.' ' ' •¦ ' ¦'¦¦¦; .:'.-'¦ :j : ; ¦ ' :¦'
; 'niCLP \VA:.TKp— FEdfALE. ¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... ..Phone Grant 1S5
I'.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, mining town, $25 and found.
• fare here; 2 waitresses, San Rafael, $20;
'waitress; railroad eating house, f20; 2 walt-
: resses, south,. $20, fare here; waitress, Wood-
/ land, $20; 3 waitresses,, city, $20; 4 waitresses,
resorts: chambermaid, to Walt dinner, near
. city, $25, choice place; :'2 chambermaids, to
wait, $20: woman cook. $20. . : .. . :
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........;
2 cooks, city, $30 and $35; housoBlrls. Palo
Alto {20,; San Mateo $20, Belvedere: cook, Yolo
. : County. ; $30, : choice place, .see party here;
..cook and second, ; same : house ; second: girls;
housekeepers; houseclrhv etc., etc. C. R.
: HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, st. j .; ;.\ .;
2 MASSEURS for baths, tprinfcs. $25 and found.'
: C. R.HANSKN .& CO..- ]04 Geary. St.. , , . -.
2 SALESLADIES for candy store i $7 week 'to
• beg-in; no office fee. . Q. It. HANSEN & CO./
.104 Geary st..: '•¦'. ' ¦ ,- =v- ; : . . . ' : .
WANTEI>-2 first-class second girts.: .short dis-
tance, see lady in office to-day. $25; 10 cooks,
small wash, city and. country. $30 and $35; 6
: cooks, small restauyants arid country ' hotel, ¦
. $30,- see some: of. parties in' office;, waitress.
• country ; hotel. $25;. 6 waitresses; nice coffee
houses and restaurahts In. city, $C and $7 per
.. week;. French nursery KcyernessV $25;ScandI-
: navian chambermaid.' hotel. $20: and .a very
'. large number of: girls for jreneral housework,
: - city and country, $20 arid $23. Apply to 3i F.
¦ CROSETT,. 21C Sutter \ at: : -.- --fi ¦'....:.-¦ '.. '
CASHIER, restaurant, $25. MISS CULLEN
:' 325 Sutter ct. '-.-.•;•:: :>.: :¦ : - ¦¦:'¦,-'¦.:.: :;..."•
A— FIRST-CLASS second, girl. $25; cook, ; $30;
:.two cooks, $*5; nursegirl. $20: waitress $20;
25 houseslrls. $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED canners warited: steady work •¦
highest wages paid. Apply, immediately. U.
I S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., bet.
. Seventh and' Eighth; eft. Folsom.. '. .--y
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls -at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO'S factory, 32% Fremont st;
. no experience necessary; good wages. /Apply
APPRENTICES on overalls." STANDARD
, SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
"WANTED— To hear from 10 ambitious talented
¦ young ladles; good voices; iorstage engage-
v ment. Box. 3410. Call offlce. ' .; '-.';
WAXTED— Girl for small family, must cook
.well and assist w^lth ¦ housework; reference;
;.-¦- wages $20. ¦-'¦ 1015 Gough st. ..' .' ¦' • •'. ' ;'.-.:
WANTED— A girl for plain cooking and general
housework at 1810 Laguna'st. Call from ' 9
... :.to.;12; r ..-- . .... .'••••¦' .::¦:.';:; ','.'.. .,.': ; .'..-¦'•
WANTED— Youngr . girl for- light housework;
good home; wages $5. 338 Hickory ave., near
. .Laguna Bt.. ¦¦•.-;¦ .,•:•' •;. ¦; ;•.
WANTED— Youne'. girl to assist: In care of
baby: -2 In family. Apply 2352 Twenty-second
: .-.8t.. near Kqlsom. ¦ - •¦"¦.¦:'¦•¦' • - .
WANTED— Tallore?s and girl to learn tallorlnEr.
. FASHION TAII>ORING CO.. 233 Ellis at.
GIRL about 13 for light housework. Call 3792
Seventeenth st.. ¦ near Sanchez. :-. . ¦ .--.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
. good pay. 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.. • ..- ,7: : :.
GIRL to assist with housework. 1630 Mission
St., near Seventh. ','•'. ; ¦: v . ' ¦¦•'¦..
YOUNG girl to assist In general i housework;
Bleep at home. 743 OTarrell st. :; .
YOUNG elrl to take care of baby during day;
Bleep at home. 1301 Octavla st. ¦;':¦ •:.¦•'• ; ; ;.
GIRL -wanted; general housework and plain
cooking; wages $15. 312 Scott st.' i : ¦ ; ; •;•; "=
KEAT girl for cooking and downstairs work;
¦ Email family. Apply 533 Sutter st.. 9 to 1. .:,
WANTED— A good cook. : Apply at 2200 Jack-
scn st., between .10 and 12. ;.'.. '. ¦ :,•
GIRL about 15 years to assist with light house-
. work and child; wages $5. 1 Verona place, :
between Harrison and Folsom sts. . : ¦:.
"WANTED— Girls to shell walnuts.: Apply 123
Clay st:, upstairs; call between 8 and 10.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear. G. ; W.
REYNOLDS. 597 Mission St.. corner 2d. i :
RESPECTABLE girl for second work and wait
at table;: references. .306 Leavenworth et. . .
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
623 Halght >t. ' y -•. ¦ : . .: '- ¦ . : r ¦ . ..-' -j
WANTED^-A • ChrlBtlan / j-ounsr woman for
housework: suitable person -will be mode as
one of the family; Ross Valley In summer and
city In winter. Apply 631 Post Ft.
WANTED— A tlrl to do 'cooking; and a llttl»
housework. Apply 2014 'Webster St.. near Cali-
fornia, bet. 9 and 12. Tuesday and .Wednesday;
wages $25. : : ,.-.
WANTED-i-GIrl for general housework: must be
cood cock;' small washing: wases $23; bring
reference. Apply 3232 Jackson st.
GOOD neat girl for general housework ¦ and
plain cooking. 3 Belvedere St., between Cole
and Clayton. :
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework;
one In family.' 12 Walnut ave., between Post
and Sutter, Larkin and Polk. :
3C0 GIRLS and women wanted to work oh
fruit at iCallfornla Fruit. Cannera'- Assocla-
tion. Cutting's branch, j Seventh ;.and Berry.;
WOMAN ifor housework;. ; recommendations:.
wages t% MRS. M.-L.I COOPERi -Redwood
cuy;-;: ; '*. ¦ ¦ .. . .- ; . . ¦•• . •):= . . :. ¦•- :;
GERMAN • girl for 'general : - housework. '.1504
Ellis st. ]¦ ; . - ¦. - ; ; : ;'.,'.' .: ¦ ' ¦ ' -••. y
GIRL or woman for housework In small family ; :
$12 to $15.; g9S Fourteenth Rt. ¦ : ;..-; .':¦•,-:;
YOUNG lady to train' ¦for': 'nurse ;.HIgh School
graduate;. Call 1 and ¦'£.- 16Q9 Jackson st. '¦'' -. -
FIRST-CLASS tallorejFB' <in custom ;.eoat»:- good
wases. .8 1'inc pjace,:. ofE; Pine st.,- pir. iMason.;;
WANTED^An experienced-. operatdr : r>n Slngjer.
machine;; electric, power. ;.231 Povy[eU st.-.--- ' •;
APPRENTICES In rnllUfiery store at.paj MoAl-
llster st.: \ :.-;¦--.¦;;..¦;•¦• -•• : :
EXPERIENCED operators on: gents' white
shirts. ROGERSON'S, ?52j .Vnlenc;to st, .' ]
WANTED^- Women sn'd girls lo work on -fruit..'
Folsora st.. : between 13th'and 14th." ' ' -
CLASSIFIED' advertisements nnd subscriptions;
rfcelved frt Call branch office 2200 Pjllmore st. r
A BRANCH offlce for Call. advertisehientB" ami
. BubscripUoris >has beon established -at . 1098
VelenclaJst. . • ¦ ¦¦ . - ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ •- ..:.'. ' .-¦'¦
tIELI» : WANTKp---.>IALi5.. . . I
MEN and women to learn chiropody; deririatolr
' osy by .mall: • diplomas. : Correspondence . de-:
¦partmenti 2il 'Sixth ave.:,. • New. York; write.-:
WANTED—Barber; evrry iatternoon; Saturday-
and Sunday; $S... 1322 Stockton; sL; ; ¦ '-, • £
ISARBER-Gcod man wanted, i 120 Geary st. ; : '¦
PAINTER; wanted; 785 Fqlsom st. ; Call early.':
!f . v HELP WA.\TED-MAI,E. :
'J^r^T^HAiiS^r^CO^?^. ."iw" Geary st.
¦) 200. teamsters, Nevada •• ?2 a day
'• 300 Jabcrers, S. P. Co.'s own work J2 a day
i lOd. teamsters. Bakersfleld *2 a day
f 200- teanisters. Coast road : it a uay
' lt»>. laborers for quarry. »2 a usy
¦'¦ 1Q0 -laborers lor dlffeient divisions
.,. Shfp dally: .'..... ;Oflice fee, $1...... ..Free fare
% 15. laborers; 'concrete work. Coast road. $2 25
!;. day and upi'. ....... '.Fee, $1 ..."...Free fare
; - 4 ; more:. house -carpenters, railroad work,
% Coast: riaad, J3 to $3 23. a day; free fare.
•. : JO: fcpal'mlners. : $2 SO a day; 6 quartz mln'-rs
• ; . and inachlne men, $2 50 to ?3 a day.
: . Rancli- blacksmith, $4»; ranch wagon-maker.
rarich havneEs-maker, $35; 20 laborers lor
•!.•¦ woods, .$26- and board, fare advanced; 2 stable-
i men; $30.; 2 milkers,. $23 and S30; farmer, San
¦ Mateo: Co., $23. • ¦ -:• . ! . . .. —
\: ...^...',... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
; Nurse. for an institution, country, $30; Ger-
,j . roah waiter; country hotel. . $30: German
¦;. waiter; . country restaurant, $30; man to pro-
J.pare and sef\ f e cold lunch, ralocn, country.
•'."J40;:and bcar'fl;:. 2 restaurant waiters, $35 and
I $40*. cjeyator ' boy, country hotel, ?1J and free
" rare; ; 6 bakers' : helpers, $25; waiter,, helps'
ball; .$2;; 6. bell boy*. $1* and $13.
r C. It.: IIAXSEX: &:CO.... .-104 Geary st.
A-MURRAT& REAijY... :.... Phone Main 584S
¦;'¦ ..;Lea<J!ng; EtnployTnent ajld. Labor Agents....
; ...;.. i'J.. '..•• Wantat " a.m. to-day.........'...
',. ¦:...'...^..;. .. ",:... We ship free ..................
¦-.¦ 7459 mien : for . all parts of California, • Utah,
.-"• ; AVashlngtbn,- : Arizgria. Oregon. Colorado, >Ce-
vada, Uritish Cplurhbia and Hawaiian Islands
'•>;-.. .;'.. 4 ;.: Prrt<»:fare and offlce fee only $1;.. :
'••• AnB- ri<» Othfef expenses to Reno (Xev.) district
¦ Los :"AnseIes '.. dintrlct, /....Truckee district
': Santa .Barbara distriict ...'...Shasta, district
; Salt Lake City district. Crows Landing district
¦ Santa Cruz district.. „...;..... Newman district
-. Dunsmulr district. ....... ;..Eakersfleld district
.: Soda Springs district....... ....Madera district
'.. Sari Luis district ...,Surf district
j' ...v..Sp«cial Uo Shasta County district........
.. Redding ...;.,.... ..Delta'.;. Dunsmuir
':.' and other pojnts.....;; . ...; good wages
V and other places; we ship free ........free
I.'.:... .... Come One. Come All...'....,.....,.
:>,Team3ters, laborers, j drillers, hammersmen,
: quarryrnen, splkers,; section hands, tunnel-
; men. *ttee'. gangs, etc. ; wages $3. $2 50, $2 23,
• ' $2, $1 lf0 aday and......... ..free shipment
': It-is no trouble for us to hire 300 men. daily to
;-gp'to different railroads. Why? Because it
- Costs only Ifl fee; no other expenses; come see.
. free .;..:;...; free
: 's '•¦¦ MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Et.
A— 63 CARPENTERS... Carpenters. ..Carpenters
. ; 12 carpenters, ' bridge and trestle work. $3 25
: day; very long Job; free fare
'¦:¦ 3. carpenters for vineyards and ranches; wlne-
., ties; 25. rough carpenters for building flumes,
¦ etc.; 1 year's job; also many house carpenters;
wages, |3 CO, $3, $2 B0-, $2 day and found.
f.3 laborers to go with carpenters to help; no
I experience required; :you'll. suit; wages. $30.
: $35. $40 and found; 1 year's Job........
1 ¦ MURRAY & READY. 634-C3S Clay St.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES..
3G4 men for- sawmills and woods: we pay your
:. fares; $26 to .$40 and found (no experience re-
.;. quired): also^ experienced woodsmen; sawmill
•f help: planing help, etc., $120, $93, $S0, $75, $30,
¦ •I $40,^ $30 and found.
j GOLD MINES. SILVER MINES & OTHERS.
:187.:miners. single hand, double hand machine
miners, etc., $30, $75. $60 and found.....
3!>4 laborers for different mines. $60, $.i0. $43,
! $40. and . found, fares from $150.........
: 25rriuckers t; $S0; 12 men to learn mining-...
•; 365: tlemakera and wood choppers; some for
j mines, . tools and. provisions found, $3, $2, $1 50,'
; . $1, :75c; ccrd, 13c, 12c,: 10c each v., .<,
• 27 stablemen. -etc., $55. $60, $40, $30. $23 and fd.
! .32 choremen. boys.. $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and fd.
: 36 milkers, butter makers, $33, $30. $23 and fd.
¦; Hajrveflt help; hay pressers, gardeners...:.....
-.'3C4' teamsters: and laborers, city and country
• jobs, some board home, $3. $2 50, $2. $1 75 day
.- Boys, for stores, $5, $6. $4, $3 week; farmers
: arid wives. • : ' ¦¦' ¦ . ¦ .'.:•'
•: MECHANICAL HELP .. ;..„
: .37 blacksmiths, horseshoers, also some help-
.: ers,:^3. $2 50,. $2. day,; $60, $30, $40. $30. and fd.
-.: 6 wagon makers, carriage workers, coremakers
.6 Iron molders, painters and many other me-
: chanlcs, J3 50, $J, $2 50, $3 day...
¦For all other positions come down and read
¦V our • bulletin .boards and get list containing
.. 7403 Jobs.' ! - . . - - \
J ; MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
A— HOTEL LAUNDRY BAKERY.. Butchers'
¦ . department ......'. ,
4S cooks, . come see.. $70, $60, $50, $40, $30 fd.
39 waiters $35, $30, $25 and found
• ;19 dishwashers. ...$30. $26, $25. $20. $15 and fd.
¦ Porters, . bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage makers, pantrymen
9 butchers..., $35, $40. J3C and found
.12 bakers and assistants, second and third
. hands; also boys, $30. $60. $40. $30. $25 and fd.;
114 laundrymen, $33, $30 and found-. COME SEE
: . . ¦.; MURRAY & READY. «34-«36 Clay St.
A— CHEF cook, mine boarding-hose. $50 & fd.
. :Copk's, helper; alco potwasher. for the mines,
.•'$30.and found each. '•' ¦ ' .' ' •¦' ¦"• '. .
... -'¦ - : ¦ HURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
2 WAITERS, country hotel; $20 and $30;
::'cook and wife, country restaurant,' $43;' cys-
terman: restaurant waiters, dishwashers and
.:. others, J..F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sac-
ramento st.' ' . '-¦¦ . . .
MAN and wife for private family of 2; $30. J.
' F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN. $35; man about place, $30; ; Swiss
gardener. $30; chore boy, $10; farmers: milker.
¦ $30; sheep herder, $30; buggy washer, $25;
stableman. $50: elevator boy. $25; assistant
gardener. $25. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 623
Sacramento st. :-. " • -
ItlGGING puller. $35 and board: swamper. $35
; . and board: 4 men about, mill J*ard, $fe; 2
' grabbers. $35. and board; fare advanced for
. the- above men
100 woods and mill men for mountains, $30 to
' ¦ $30 : and board ; 20 woodchoppers for mine.
'-. .- $1 50; miners anif nitickers. $2. $2 E>0 and J3
daj; :J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacra -
. mento:.st. : ! ».'.:•• ' :
BAND: sawyer for lumber mill; door stock man;
pattern-m.aker 'or country, $4 day, fare ra-
funded; stlckerman, $3 day; planerman, $50
¦ and: board; 3 bench hands, $3 to $3 50 day:
:. blacksmiths. $2 60 to $4 day and many other
.mechanics. .J. F. QROSETT AGENCY. 6a
;' Sacramento st. ¦ .- . :
¦.wanted... ;.•¦;¦..;':... -. ....~
'..Timber faller, San Mateo Co., $40 and found:
mnn to build skill roads, San Mateo Co., f»1
; : :and; found; 3 laborers around rock crushifl,
.'$25 : ahd found, steady Job; 2 machine miners,
-:..$3 a day; machine driller for quarry, $2 50 to
: -, $3 a day; single-hand miners. $2 60 day; 3
men. handy with tools, to build flume, $40
-and found and part fare paid; plain carpeii-
.. : ter, city, $2 : a day; blacksmith helper Oil
branch, $30: porter for dining-room, $25; lunch
counter man and make • salads, $35; waiter,
country hotel, $30: cheesemaker, $35: waiter.
• institution, $15, board, room and wash: chore
I boy on ranch, $15; woodchoppers for mining
•company. $1 50 and $2 a cord. W.. D. EWEil
¦ '& CO.; 610 Clay st. ; ¦-'-.¦ .- ¦ '¦ .- '¦
A MIDDLE-AGED man; Catholic Institution;
. must understand care of sick. MISS CUL-
LEX, 325 Sutter St. :.' '.. ,; '[¦ ' .;¦ -. : ;
A MAN and wife, ranch, $40; man must be a
good gardener. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A— BUSHELMAN wanted. . Room 1001, Palace
..Hotel.'; . ¦ : ' '¦-. y ¦: .' . .:, . j ¦¦ ,' ¦•:
WANTED— A bushelman at RAPHAEL'S. '
PANTS pressmen wanted at S. N..WOOD &
CO., 27 Gearyst. ; ..: .-. ... ;• : • ---v" ¦' ,.. ¦ : ."
COATMAKERS; steady work. BELASCO &
HARRIS CQ4 641 Market at- ; r;
SAWYER wanted at US Main sw S. F. '::-;:
SMALL 'boy to run errands. 227 Fifth street.
LEAD clazlers wanted at once. Apply Los
¦ Angeles Art Glass Co., Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Office boy; wages $3 per week; give
reference. Box 3414, Call offlce.
FINE tailor wanted on custom coats. 533 Na-
toma st: < \
GOOD bartender wanted, corner Lombard and
Lyor. sts., near Presidio. O. WAINHOLD.
BOY, $15. room and laundry; call early. Saloon
and Lunch House. 130 Howard st.
WINDOW trimmer and card writer in. fancy
gOodp business. Box 341S, Call.
. JCIGHT dishwasher; steady young man only
¦•riee^l apply, wages $4 a week. 32 Sixth st. =
.^ANTED— A -waiter at Golden West Hotel, 6$
r '* Kills at.: ;: .'.- :
WOODWORKER— Steady Job for a good man.
. | LOWNEY BROS.. 426 Ninth Bt.
iBTEADY waiter. 434; FIfthrt. . ;' !
:D.ISHYASHER: wanted; must carry trays. 37
.. Eddy .st. : .'¦;.: r!' 1 -'-
AVANTED— Second ccok; also kitchen helper.
• H: -¦ IiCrr^ :l^ 223 Eddy st..-- . .;-•.. r
GOOD porter wanted; steady Job. 103, Fourth
:¦¦ street.: ' J ' ' •:.; •;- y ' - : .; ,'
.WANTED — Waeon' woodworker.- 537. Brannaq
•¦street^ . ¦•'"• •¦¦':-¦ y •¦•.•-•.:
\VAN*TEI>-Godd 'cook: and-' dishwasher. 1416
:.; Howard st; Good Ltylngr Restaurant". ; ¦-¦•
: wanted— .'; : ¦ • ; ! : • ": - Z
•' I^aboring men. $1 S3* to $2 40 per day. ¦ '"
: Skilled men. J2 40 to- $4 per day.' " ':'¦''¦
" : • ; : '¦. KESWICK .SMELTING WORKS;
'.:•!•.: ' ¦¦."' Ke^wick, Shasta' Co., Cal. :
BOY- to' work In tailor's store. Address box
¦; 34CS. Call office, in own handwriting, etatlng
S -age and residence. • ¦' . ¦ ¦
WANTED— A ifoung man to run a Hercules
•tRasoline engine; one; with experience pre-
. f erred; steady, employment. Box 2960, Call. !
CABiNKT- makers wanted. R. HERRING, 055
;X5ran3ian at: -". " ¦ ¦' • • . - . «, '- :. ..
WANTED— A . butcher, at Tlburon, Marln
'¦County. - t . • '" ' • ."
DRY,- cleaner and • presser.' 'Caledonian Dye
873 Pan Pablo ave. ', Oakland. .-
ALiL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
..' price. ; 562 Mission St.. bet." 1st and 2d sts.
HKIP WASTED-MAIE.
WANTED— recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. &" Navy, able-bodied, unmar- t
rled men of good character; between the ages !
of 21 and 35 years ; : net less than 5 feet 4 |
. Inches and not over € feet 1 Inch In height: i
must be citizens of the United States, or per- !
sons who havs legally declared their inten- |
t'ons to become citizens: able to read. ¦ write i
ar.d speak English properly. For further in- !
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of- |
flee, 40 Ellis ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. M0 K sf., |
Cal., or IOCS J st., Fresno. CaL i
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Teala coal mines. Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at thf> mines or to the company, at
328 Montgomery st.. 1 San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Jcaquin Coal Company.
WANTED- Strong boy to work In fruit store;
resident of Mission preferred. Apply between
8 and 12, N.W. cor. Hampshire and 2Uh sts.
BARBERS— Shop and baths, with furnished liv-
ing room. In good town of 1S00 people: a bar-
galn. DECKEL VAN BROS.. 10S Ellis st.
MAN cook. 322 Main st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale. 1 Sp»ar St..
near Market.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co.,
Flood building. '.¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 23c to
50c. :.G2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that-,Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: |I to $2 per week.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th st.. near Guerrero.
: Pan Francisco Construction Company.
ilEN and women to learn barber trade; smftll
wages while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard gt.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2C Pteuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rocms 13c to 23c per night; 75c to J2 per week.
CLASSIFIED ndvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmcre st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1CS6 Va-
lenola St.
HOit>l>. I.I IK VI lit 1». I.H.— » i.r Mil*
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, i
327 Sixth ?t.; auction sales every Wednesday. I
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
63 HEAD dairy cattle for sale. Address box
3403, Call offlce.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well broken: for all purposes:
cheap; best In city. V21 Howard gt.. nr. Third.
1 HOnSEj AVAXTED.
GOOD team of draft horses: will expect to try
before purchase. Address box 2945. Call.
llOLsliS TO .HC'IV
A— PRINTED list! houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMR3EN & CO.. 1» Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 70S— Elegant house. 10
• rooms and bath: runny, modern. Apply G.
H. UMDSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BRODEKICK. 724, near McAllister— $22 50;
modern sunny 7-roo.m house. . • ¦ • • ¦
POST. 2475-Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath;
large yard; rent $20. ..
VAN NESS, 2102. near Pacific ave.— House of
10 rooms: modern Improvements.
FIRST, 305. Just above Folsom— 6 rooms for 2
families: in good order: J15. ¦
HOUSES TO LET Fl'IlSISHED. '
NEWLY furnished house; Pacific ave.. north
side; fine location: marine view; 12 rooms.
Address box 3411. Call offlce. ..'"'-
__________
LEARN to "control .and influence others";
: "professional* diploma" ; . terms reasonable.
¦ Address "College of Suggestive Therapeutics."
USl Market st.. near Twelfth. __^
LOST. AM* I'utAO.
LOST— A white and spotted pointer dog with J
name of owner on collar. Return to J. I
FRANK. Fourth ave. and Clement Bt. and re- [
• eclve suitable reward. . •
LOST— July 24. small black dog; long. *!lky
lialr; white throat and paws; named Toodles;
$25 reward. 1033 Golden Gato ave. I
LO3T— Blue and gold small chatelaine watch, I
on Market or Powell Ms., between Zinknn.'.'s
and Ge3ry st. ; re-ward. Box 2061. Call office, j
LOST — On Mlllbrae road, doxible barreled shot- i
gun. Please aiMress E. M.. care grocery.
Nineteenth and York sts., g. F. ; reward Jo.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings !
and Loun Society of San Francisco, in the
name of FREDERICK MACK, No. 236-672.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, srfbvenir after moth-
er, in St. Patrick's Church, or on the way.
Mission to Fifth i«t. Please return to 157
Seventh st. ; $5 reward.- ¦ ¦ ... :
LOST — Mexican hairless dog: name Skip. Re-
turn to 213 Po?t st. ; reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent5— The We?kly Ca.I.
.16 nase*. In wrapyr. fnr maillnsr. it rx»r ?<».«r.
3IK1MCAL. r ~ T ~-
DR. and MRS. 'DA VIES. 12J3 Market St.— Reli-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 ye»rs
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flc; ladles treated can return home the wnt
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. ' Send Eve 2-cent stamps for circular. '
MRS. DR. KOHL,' the well-known and reliable
ladles* specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. J3, positive cure: home for patients be-
. .fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential;
I hours 9 to S and 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to 2.
446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde. : .
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
: cure $5: have treated thousands; of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fees.: 1CC7^» Market st... near Sixth. ;
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, th* world-renowned
ladles' fpeciallst; >afe and reliable: bus prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou.'
sands of cases successfully; treatment can. be
used at home; consultation free. ¦ After all
others fall call on him. -1023^. Market St.'. - ; :
THE SANS SOUCI.; -^- -.• :•••::•". .- : : ¦.:.'¦.;...
: Private home for patients; equipped with the
: latest appliances: charges reasonable.;. DR.
SCHIRMAN. : Consulting Phj-slciaii.' 1409-Viin.
Ness ave., near Bush st. • ¦• .;| . . ¦"; '•.'• :
MRS. DR WYETH; reliable specialist: 23 yr»; p -
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
offlce $5: any ailment; consultation fre*: con-
fldentlal. f 42' Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas' sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento. cor. Kearny; advice' fre 9
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladles' sp«clal-
Ist; home In confinement: safe and reliable -
consultation free; hours 10 to 3. ". j
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvate home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE-The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Offlce Ills Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, "treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
.MILL VALLEY COTTAGE TO LfcT
MlSCELLA.\Koii> Kuit S\l,E
BARS, back bars, mirrcrs. showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, stcre and cfllce furniture a-.J
fixtures; new and second-hand- we atwa-i
rcomn etT ft ,H« C t k ° f 8aloon ««fltT on hana!
J:.^! 11 outfits on our floor, ready mule
M »- ¦»««-,«» Mission st.. above
¦ g'xtn; write for catalogue.
A M?Ji T l' i? ells ° r rentB K*"* 1 " machinery, en-
ft^\^TE\ATm Pl^r^. tlnS - * M ™'
A p^so^:J =
A «il 3 % V EI iP Y ana Fl?d ora hats. « 75. Po|^
jgarPtlfc Hatters. 330 Kearny »L near Pink
2ND-HAND gasoline and oteam engines, lathes.
etc. ; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
FRANKLIN, 303— Nicely furnished Cats of 6
rooms for sale; ?C0.
2N I^ HAN ' D , •'"K 1 ™ 8 . boilers, dynamos, motor*
ana. gasoline eng. H. S. White. S16 Mission.
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith I'remier; iaTI
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON - : concert phonoeraph — Keduced prlc»,
flo; concert records, tl 60. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE englpes, boilers; Iron and wcod
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 12> Beaie.
¦ JIISCEtLA.\EOtS— FOB SAIil
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and bur^*
lar prXK.-f ?afe: cheap. 42 Main »'- ¦¦/¦-.-¦¦ ".:';
aiAUiC lantern*, n-w and second-hand;^m ;>vin^
pictures. ..UCLLAHP fc HRKCK. 1^1 I v--«t. >t.
A 10- TON 1-alrbanfc/ scale f.r.'l fire uiiu our^.af
yafe. ; :2m Call^rnia »f. .¦.."¦¦'-.:¦'- '¦¦
SAFES-Xew and seconil-har.U. TilE HEiS-
MANN SAFE CO... '417-423 Sacramento- St. ¦
SAFES— New and secfinil-hantl; all size*. _TK(-J
WALTZ SAFE. ira-Itl Markat St.. ban Ira.:.
MISCELLAXEQCS '-AV-A>T3« ;'y \-.- 'y'y-y
BOOKS boucrht; libraries purchased. 22 .Seventh.
St.; opposite new Pontofflce; -. .' :. •"¦•'¦- ¦'¦-¦:¦¦.¦.:¦¦-;:
WANTED- Boilers. ¦ 54-inchxl'5 feet. KROGII
MFG. CO.. 9-17 Stevenson st. . .-¦¦-.'¦• - ¦¦ - ' ' _'
SEALSKINS ore what we pay bisf price* for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, ta Stockton st.^.
IF vou wish fBIl value for your cast-off clothfnst
call on B COHKN. 1" Th!nl: tel T.Iack 4ir..
J1O.\EY TO LOVA.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2(1 and 3d mort-
saj:es. undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and lea:ari?-» bcuRht: no ae-
lay; ret my terms before iloinsj busines.t else-
where. U. McCOLGAX.. 24 Montgomery, r J.
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent: first,
second mcrtBapes. estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgaKes, life Insurance. Itoom lfi. first tloor.
Chronicle bldir. HALLORAN Sc OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 845 Market
St.: tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furnltur- and pianos without removal: quick
«g ana K>. Donohoe bu'lMing. 1170 Market at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE5T1IAU 13 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 9?'.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortjrages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal- any amount;
lowest rates. BF.CKER ft CO.. 27 Montgomery.
ANT amount on furniture and pianos: 3 rf f
cent; no removal: no com. ¦ Room 81. t tidily.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, planes; 3 percent per m--nth: n<>
comm'.ssl->n. Mrs. Wilson, rm. ¦ .!"!.: 6 Eddy »t.
ANY num. 1st or 2d morteaa-es. estat»m In pro-
bate, chattel?, etc. R. «03. Kxaminer buildlner.
H. MUHPHY. 620 Market St.. solves all kinds of.
ftrian-.^al problems: 2d mortcaces. estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried p?cr!e on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. <K>9 Examiner building.
CN furniture, pianos, without .removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
P. F. r>Isf-unt Aeenrv. MB Fri"lsn bul'i'tne.
MISICAL I.VSTIll'JIE\TS.
W&ilE~is~oDly~one •"best" piano for people to
buy. and that is the Decker & Son. Full stocic
at'MAUVAlS Mustc House, 763 Market st.
If you want to rent it gooflplano cheap *»
can suit you;: If you want to buy en Install-
ments we will please you: try us. MAUVAI3
Music Company. 7£9 Market st.
WE. have the handsomest line of piano covers
ever shown in the city; call and see them and
pet our very low prices. MAUVAI3 Mualo
Co.. 7C? Market 'at, '¦.-'• ...y; : . :; - : '.' ..'•-.; uy :
AS usual, we offer some fine bargains. ¦"¦"
One Ptcck tTprtR-ht. walnut case; like nerw. :
One Weber Upright, walnat case; new;. :.V v;
On* Fischer l T pright: . in fine- order- ¦¦ ';..:'.',
One Sterling- . UpriRh't; mahogany case, '.
One Neumann I'prlght: very good.
One Curtaz tTprlirht: <-.ak case; excellent. .'.
• prices from J135 up: J5 per month. ¦'. " .-'•
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarr"Il st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grmde from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other deaiersr.
we are the people from whom yon; s'noulft
purchase; new upright pianos, IS cash, $& p«f
month: other pianos, J3. $4 and JT> r»" month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dea!er».
corner Kearny and Rutt»r sts.. San Frnnclsco.
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, .'.'Oa'<<:and. -
AESOLirTELY the cldost and largest hous^
west of Chlcasro is KOHLEI1 ft; CHASE?.
18. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St. : pianos, orstans aru!
all other musical Instruments of all grad-a
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-r
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
VIOLIN strings :' never wet: best In the world;
old Italian harp: also old violin for s«Ie;
making and repairing of al! kinds c? TtprtnWif
Instruments Carl C. Anderson, 41? Oeary .it.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano, store frr.m Vsn
Ness- to 933 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction srx!* for
2 weeks; open eVngs; call and get' low pnc-?*.
A FEW more planoa put on sale for storage;
at your own price; also Spencer's retlrel
stock. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st.
BARGAINS— Steinway, Chase. H.inlman. Pek-
ing Bros. DEWINO CO.. Flood building.
ELEGANT, new three-reda' upright: sell for
1110 or rent $2 50 month. C42 Kearny at.
THE WILEY B., ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
iiardman. Conover and other pianos,
SOHMER & CO..- Byron Mauzy. Gabien Hamil-
ton pianos, SC3 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good 'piano cheap; Installment VI
per menth SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER, 4J2 Sacrarr.ento st.. asent for
Francis Baron and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violtns. zithers, old and new. ill
MULLER. ¦ maker, repairer. 2 Latham Diacc.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerinir. tVW: Instaltnsents
K to J10; rent J2 up. HELVE'S. 138 Ellla st.
nKDUCTION sale: new pianos; $5 payments;
for rent. J2 up\ BRUENN. 20S Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn tho
United Ptat«s or Canada one year tor SI.
postage palri. ¦.-..•'
OFFICES iVXD STORES— TO LET.
32* PACIFIC st. and 804- Sansome: hands om »
stores: very cheap. ¦ . -:• •' ¦¦
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rooms In Y. M.
C, X. bldg.;' all modern imps.; rent very low.
TO rent— .Modern store:' well lighted; 23x140;
'.¦¦'¦.' ¦:•:"' ; ¦:•:' PALMISTRY. v
MME. Neergaar4. Pre». St. Germain College oC
Palmistry: rends 1 to 5. 616 Geary, nr. JonM.
V TEUSONALS.
A GENTLEMAN ~whT^trav^?e^7oV^Thornas
. Cook & Son In different countries aa a con-
" party round : Europe or around the world.
: Address box S413. Call office.
WANTED— News of C. L. D. PLANT, by his
devoted mother, who Is well.
WANTED — Address of JAMES ELLIOTT, ar-
¦ rlrea.by Alameda. Ad-lress box S4QS. Call.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
.: ', "•• :. . HOPKK BROS.
.. Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovafd: honest work xnaran.
teed: prices defy competition : fln# upholstery.
Phore S30D: factory. JH and 3M Eleventh st.;
flr»t-class cleaning ar.d dying. 409 butter st..
San Francisco. ___^__
LEPERER the popular hairdresser: any styla
23c; see window display of Qulntonica. thia
week; switches n up. 123 Stockton st. ;
PARALYSIS positively cured: also nervous d!s-
ea£es. skin disesaes. lung diseases, ossifica-
tion cancer consumption, stiff Joints; n»
drugs: no knife: consultation free. DR L. J.
' STRATTON. 507. ECS. 503 ParTott building.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: TOO rooms:
J5c tn II 10 per ntgbt: $1 SO to $6 per week;
free "bus and baenn to and from the ferry.
MMK ADA, wonderfully gifted healeT. il
Kearny. room 11. cures nervousness, blind-
ness. Brlshf » disease, rupture or any ailment.
SUITS to order .on Installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic, extract
Quinine Eark: beneficial, harmless; 3So bot.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable ratea: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
DR. E. C. MERVY has taken new offices at
liC5 Stockton st.
LKDEREH'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic stops hair
falling cut: makes the hair grow; 33c bot.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold Rilverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom UJl.
\VANTEI>— Old-fnshlone<l silver, brass, copper
were: curios, all d?»crii>tiona. 523 Dupont st.
SUITS to crder on easy payments. Art- Tailor-
ing Co., E*armin?r building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hs.tr to Its natural color. |1: at all druggist*.
CAST-OFF clothing, old KO H and silver bought:
»end postal. COLEMAN'S. ?06 Kearny st. ..
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th? Weekly
Call. 15 pages, sent to. any address In th»
United S-'tates or Canada one year for *1»
rwta^e palrt.
rHYSlVlAAS AMI SL'UUl&OXS.
DR. CRANSTON. th» great specialist. h»i~JV-
sumed practice at \Z0C. Market «t. corner
. Taylor: offices 25 and 26; take elevator.
D , I L, C \?' O'DONNELL-Office and residence,
1021H Market «t. Uc SixUx and Seventh. ".'.. . .-..:' ARRIVED. " "
. '. :¦ Tuesday, July 3L
U S stmr Philadelphia, Mead, 2 days from
Astoria. : .• . ..
¦ Stmr City of Sydney, ¦ McLean. 22 days from
Panama,, etc •' . .. ' .-••
Stmr Fulton^ Dug-gan, 46 hours from'New
¦ port;etc. .'•¦•:. ••
Stmr Westpbrt, Ericsson, 21 hours from Bear
Harbor." • ' . ¦ •
.Ship Occidental, Bennett,* 12 days from Se
attle. - ¦¦-• .- , " "— •• .
- Brig ConsUelo, Page, 21 days from Mahukona.
•.•¦¦ '-•„• CLEARED. /
•'• Tuesday. , July 3L \
Stmr Corona, Glelow. San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. ¦ • -,
Stmr State, of California, Parsons, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br. stmr Warfleld, Pattle, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
- Bark Andrew Welch, Drew. Honolulu; Welch
& Co. . .
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu; Williams, Dlmond
& Co.,
•:: . SAILED.'
Tuesday, July 8L
.Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridsrett, Ventura.' •; j ¦;
¦ Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Cassar.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr.Noyo, Pohnson, Fort Bragg:.
.,- Stmr Fulton, Duggan, .
Ship - Spartan, Polite, Seattle. •
Br ship Lord Elgin, Sangster, Queenstown.
Bark Tidal Wave, Liebigr. Tacoma.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC. ' '
"POINT LOBOS, July 31. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
. ¦ . DOMESTIC PORTS. ¦
NEWPORT— Arrived July 31— Stair National
City, from Fort Bragg.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived July Sl-Stmr W H
Kruerer, hence July 2S. ¦
1VERSENS LANDING— Sailed July SO— Schr
Archie sihd Fontle, for San Francftco.
-TACOMA— Sailed July 31— Schr Philippine, for
San Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed July 31— Stmr Cleveland,
from Nome, for Seattle.
BOWKNS LANDING— Sailed July 31— Schra
Ocean Spray and- Bender Brothers, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 31— Stmr Brunswick,
hence July 30.
Sailed July 31— Br bark Aberystwith Castle.
for Sydney: schr Maxim, for San Francisco
_ STEWARTS POINT— Sailed July 31— Schr J
Eppinptr, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived July 31— Stmr Alca
traz, hence July 30.
Sailed July 31 — Stmr Greenwood, for Port
OLYMPI A— Arrived July 31— Schr Carrier
Dove, from Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 31— Schr Halcyon,
from Eureka. . .
SaMed July 31 — Schr Laura Madsen. for Grays
Harbor. .
COOS BAY— Sailed July 31— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived July 31— Schr Rio Rey, hence
July 28.
CRESCENT CITY — Sailed July 31— Stmr
Crescent City, for Pan Francisco.
SOUTH BEND-Salled July 31-Stmr Rival,
for San Franotsco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
« CHEMAINUS— Arrived 'July 30— Ship Joseph
B Thomas, from Yokohama.
ROCHES POINT— Passed July 30— Br ship
Gulf Stream, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
ANTWERP— Sailed. July 2S—G«r ship Elbek.
for Oregon.
HAMBURG— Sailed July ¦ 30— Br ship -Way
farer, for San . Francisco.
. AUCKLAND — Arrived July 31 — Br stmr
hence July 11.
MANILA— Sailed July 22— Br stmr Westmin
ster, for San Francisco. •
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA —Arrived July 31— Stmr
Waesland, from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 31— Stmr Saxonla.
for .Boston.
Arrived July 31— Stmr Dominion, from Mont
real: stmr Sylvanla, fr6m' Boston.
•r; LIZARD— Passed July 31— Stmr Spaarndam,
from New York, for Rotterdam.
¦;• ST-' JOHNS— Arrived July: 81— Stmr ¦ Siberian,
from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Halifax and
Philadelphia.- : - \ ,
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 31— Stmr Moana,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Sydney.
~. NEW -YORK— Arrived Aug - 1— Stmr Oceanic,
from Liverpool -and "Queenstown. ¦ ¦
" MOVILLE— Arrived July 31— Stmr Ethiopia.
KEAL ESTATE .TRANSACTIONS.
Marian' R. Clement (wife of R, P.) to Charles
J Kalghln lot on NE) corner of Fell street and
Central avenue (Lott), N 25 by £81:8; S10.
Mary F. McEneany to Arthur, Thomas and
Gottfried Carlson, lot on W line of Folsom
street, 65 S of Twenty-first, S 30 by W.90; $10.
Henry Felge to Henry and Ida Joost, lot on E
line of Florida (Columbia) street, ;1S6 N of
Twenty-third, N 28 by E 100; $10.
Christian H. and Clara : Volght to Karl L.
Ve2in, lot on E line of Capp street, 245 S of
Twenty-third, S 37;6 by E 122:6; $5500.
Patrick Taaffe to Mary McKenna,.lot on SW
line of First street, 10O SE Qf Folsom, BE 20
by SW 72; $10. . ¦ .. . ...
Estate of Jane Maybell ¦ (by Mark Maybell,
administrator) to John T. Merritt. lot on SE
line of Clary street. 160 NE of SUth. NE 33:9
by SE 75; *25C0. ,.,...
John T.: and Jennie.' Merritt to Catherine
Paine, same; $10. • •
Jacob and Una Heyman to John Crowley.lot
on SW corner of. T street and .Forty-fifth - ave
nue. W 32:6 by S 100: $10. i:
William Hart to Joseph H. Hart, lot on .W
line of Victoria street, 225 N of Sherman. N
25 by W lOO. lot 89, block 34, City Land Asso
ciation; gift.
Henry Franke or Henrlch Frank to Johanna
Franke (wife), lot on N line of E street, . 75
NW of I street, NW 75 by NE 100, block 326.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; also lot on E corner of Seven
teenth a\-enue and K street, SE 25 by NE 100,
block 327, same; also lot on W corner of Six
teenth avenue and I street, NW 75 by SW 100,.
block S26, same; srlft. . ¦ .
Suean e; Dougherty (wife of John) to John
S. Drum, lot on fi line of Webster street. 1C0 N
of Ellis, N 50 by E 90: $5. , - •• '
John S.- Drum to Susan B. and "John Dough
erty, same: $5.
William F. and Alice L. Alexander to'W C
Alrey, lot on N llne of Filbert street. W 37-6
by N 120; 52500.
Anna M. and W. H. L. Barnes to Lillian 1*
McCarthy, lot on W line of Steiner street,' Sb
N of Broadway. S 10 by W £2:6; ?10.
Paul and Louise M. Bettelheim to AdolphiD
Sweet, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 112:6 W of
Broderick -W 50 by S 137:6; $10.
' Enterprise Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Henry Meyer, re-record of 1729 Dd
119, lot on E line of Lott street, 75 N of Fell'
N 25 by E 81:3; $10. ; . '
,John and Lena Stlerlln to John J. Brady, lot
on E line of Clayton Btreet, 274 S of Frederick
S 26 by E. 101:3; $10. . ?""*-^
Security Loan Association to Joseph P and
Sarah J. Hayee, lot on S line of Jersey street
124 W of Noe, W 22 by S 114; $10.
Ambrose and Lydia' A. Hinds to James H.
Bruce, lot on N line of Jackson street, 165 E
of Leaven worth, E 27:6 by N 137:6; $4000.
Joseph R. Morrison to Sarah and John J
Byron, lot on S line of Jackson street. S2-6 E of
Larkln. 6 137:6 by E 27:6; $W. /
W. B. and Agnes K. Bourn to William J
Brady, lot on 'E ¦ llrte of Mission street 45-10
SW of Steuart. SW 45:10 by SE 137:6: $10
Teresa Casserly ' to W. Frank Whittler lot
on SW llne of Steuart street, 183:4SE of How
ard. BE 1:0% by SW 137:6; $10.
Daniel V. Kelly to Philip C. P. Kelly, lot on
NW corner of Nineteenth avenue and B street
W 82:6 by N 100. quitclaim deed; $10. I
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin and Covlngton
Johnston to "Henry E. Keat, re-record 1617 D
34, lot on E line of Eighth avenu» 172 -7V. N n't
D street, N 25 by E 120; $10. ." .',..- .
Luke Battels to George Oorder. lot on.E line
of Ninth avenue, 100 S of C street S 25 bv
E 120; $10. ' - . ' oy
¦ Dora and Solomon Getz to John A. Jensen
lot on E line of Tenth avenue, loo N of c
street. N 25 by E 120: $10. t.l. V.~
¦ Edward and Mina E. Brown to Carl O Lar
sen . lot on S line of Q street, lOO E of
Nineteenth avenue, E 24:9, S 130:2, W 27*8 N
130; also lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue
105 S of.Q etreet.. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Charles A. and Ll2zie Vezln to Louis C Buck
lot- on NW line of Athens stqpet. 250 \E of
Persia, NE EO by NW 100, block 61, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. -¦ -- . .. ,-
I Achille Bi-usa to Ermenla Lercarl (Cereghlno)
Adellna. Dora and ' J. Cereghtno. ' estate of
Carolina Brusa (or Cereshlno) and all of the
estate of Guisenpi Cereghino, No. fiGOO; $8C0.
, Alameda County.
Matilda L. Castle to C.'H.i King, lot on SW
corner of Third street and Broadway W 130 S
100, E 75,, N 25, E 75. N 75, to beginning beinir
lots 12 to 17.- block 19, Oakland ; $10. : E
Ann Doyle to Joseph A. Becker, lot on S line
of Highland avenue, 240 W of Plymouth street
W 40 by S 122.50, being lot 20, block E, amendl
ed map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; rto
IS. P. and Vivian P. Vandercook to Mary M'
Woods : (wife i of . Joseph Wood3), • lot 8, block 2*
lots 2S to 37, block 1, map 'of East Oakland
Heights, East Oakland. Quit Claim Deed ; $10.
: Nemle A.' DufCey to Frank H." Powers/: begln
ulcs at a point in a fence. on the W line cf lot
Continued From Page Ten.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
GRAND HOTET*
H C Osroley, Minn
Capt McRanolds, USA
Mrs.Crlmmohs, Oakld
Mre Hoffman, Oakland
Mrs Burke, Oakland
Mrs Myrtle, Oakland'.
Chas Keena, Auburn
A T Henry, Mt View
B Biehenfleld, Cal •
L A Rlce&w. CaL
D Prmgle, Ariz =
J H Towler, Chsro
H Burnett, Texas
E Ryan.w&c, L Angr ¦
C H Redmond, Or
L McMurty&w, Judson
R W r aJ!en. Grass Vy .
"H =E Roper, Napa •
Mrs HE Roper, Napa
J P Taylor Jr. L Ang|
Nate Block&w. St Joei
H F Leston. Covelo !
W B D Jalratt, Colusal
Mrs" H WMnsor, S Jose
Mrs Bookln Sr, S Jose
G H Forster,. S Rafael'
MlsfiHFoster. S Rafael j
Miss Hall, S Rafael
Miss Hall. S Rafael :' ,
Mr. Robinson, : : Sacto' • '
F Buttqhmaii', . Marysv
C J Tears, Keswick
M B Lees, Cal
G Kennedy, Llvermore
E Wallows, Dutch Flat
G D Harrinirton, Cal
J Spinney, Fresno
R Whitterson&w, Utah
A G Bores, Redding
J Pendieton. Saratogro
H Alfry, Indianapolis"
C Alfry, Indianapolis
T Clark, Placervllle
J R Mead&w, Wichita
J C Boyd, Sacto
Dr L C Hall. Hollister
Mies J Eskers, S Jose
E Mackenzie. S Jose
W T : Barry. Salinas
C M Yates. S Jose
E Richardson, S Joss
C I Wright, Alameda
C H Davis. Menlo. ¦ . .
Dr L E Cross, Stockton
G D Cash, L Ane
J "W Bowen, L Ans.
J Bettinger, Da.ws.on
Dr Lockwood&w. Gal-
Mrs M Simpson, Cal •
W T.Wlscombe, Wash
li;Kalser&w, Mexico
PALACE HOTEL.
A,- T> Grant Jr. >r,T ...
M .B-Wallacft," Belvdr
Mrs Wallaich, Belvedr.
J R Forrest, N. Y " . :.,•
W Carlmann,' Mexico '
H P Brown • N ¦ T ' . ' ' •
S K Reed. NY ' •
H- H Moore.. N J. .
Mrs Moore. N ' J ' . ' '
H \y Moore. N J
M J -Samuels. NY,.'
N J Nlsson».S Dlejro
J W Farrell, N T
C W Rogers. L Anj
8 J Field, Monterey
Mrs Field. Monterey
Miss Field, Monterey
H H Morrlll, Del Mont
Mrs Morrlll, .Dei Monte
P N-GIbbs, provllle
E Hildebrand, Mexico
Mrs Hlldebrand. Mex
H E Odeil V S N -
G-.W Al.brfk-h.ti.- Pa-- "
JMrs: Albrieht.. Pa •
Miss vAlbrlsht, ; -Pa ',¦¦ : ¦
F .K H Hirsh./Pa.
Mrs \Hlrsh, Pa ;. "
W.S 'Smith,. -'Berkeley
Mrs -Smith," Berkeley .'
L A Crane. S-Craz
Mrs Grane, B Cruz ; . '
H Kuechler, Stanford
J'H°Shaw t Cincinnati
W F Taylor, NT: -
G A Spicer. Chicasxi
W C Hayes. Cleveland
Mrs H S Ives. N .T
ssBW 'Xunqsmj a o
D Rosenbaum. Stocktn
Mrs Rosenbaum, Stktn
D M Weeks. Prescott
V Vozzett. Kansas Cy
J E White. Cuba,!:
J P Cbannlrtsr, N- Y
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H WHbar, S Jose
F Robertson, 8 Diego
J FVemont,' L Ang
C M Powers, ' Callstoga
J W. Walker, Vallejo
P M Hansen, S Jose
C Anderson, Sulsun
M D Steinberg, Sonora
T Phillips, Menlo Pk
G Phillips,. Menlo Pk
C C Miller, Chicago '
F'W Mowry, Bakersfd
M J Dempler, Troy^NY
T Smith. NT- ..." .
J W Brown, Chicago
J L Stuart, Petaluma
F Morris, L. Gato«
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Frledrlch Heltmeyer (owner) with John H.
Munster (contractor), architect Herman Barth—
All work except mantels, : gas fixtures and
shades for a two-story and basement frame
building (flats) on N lin« of Bush street, 225
W of Brodertck. W 25 by N 137:6. W. A. E39;
$4468. . _ -¦v:y-' : . ' '- - - . . .
Builders' Contracts.
O. C. and Julia Kirk to Mary L. Kirk, lot on
N corner Fifth avenue and East Ninth street,
NE 105 by NW 105. block 8, Clinton, East Oak
land; gift, ¦. :: -. -f ¦;¦ -.-•¦•
McCarthy Company (corporation) to same,
beginning at the SW corner of East Four
teenth street 'or San Leandro road and
Wheeler avenue, thence S to N line of Wash
ington street, thence W 1 foot to E line of lands
of Wheeler, thence N to S line of East Four
teenth street or San Leandro road, thence E 1
foot to beginning, to be used for public street
purposes, Brooklyn Township: $10. : '•. ¦ •
Rosecoe and Helen B. Wheeler to county of
Alameda, lot on Nllne of Washington street,
2C0 E of Tevis street, S 40, E 63. N 40, W to be
ginning, to be used for a imDllc street known
as Washington street, Brooklyn Township:
crant.
Henry N. and Beatrice Tates to Rebecca
Wurts (wife of Myron L.), lot on E line of
Mark street. 300 S of Dwieht way, S 60 by E
135, being the S half of lot 6, block 1, map ot
property of John Kearney, Berkeley; $10.
• .Maurice Wurts (single) to Federal Security
Company, lot on W line of College avenue, 33:4
S of Sylvan way, S 33:4, SW 100, N 33:4, NK
100 to beginning, being a portion of Hlllegaes
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
O. F. and Florence F. Sites to Rebecca Wurts
(wife of Myron L.), lot on SE corner of Park
avenue and Hollls street and distant 1570 W
from San Pablo avenue, S 125, E 125, N 125, \V
125 to beginning, being a portion ol same. Oak
land Township; also lot on W line of Salem
street, 206 N of Forty-third, N 100, SW 125.6.
S 90. E 125 to beginning, being lots 10 and 11,
block 1, on map of subdivision of same, Oak
land Township; $10.
Jennie and W. L. Wallace to Susannah Hill
(wife of S. J.), undivided half Interest In
let on W, llne of Salem street, 100 N of Forty
third.- W 150 by .N 106, being a portion of plat
, ; 6, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland Town
ship; $10. • .
John J. and Betty H. McMullin to George L.
Boveroux, . lot en W line of Filbert street, 90
N of Eighth. N 30 by W 100, block 544, Oak
land; $2S30. *
Alameda Building and Loan Association to
Wilhelmine C. Lindemann, lot on W llne of
Eighth "street, formerly Prospect, 20S:S\4 S ot
Santa Clara a\*enue. S 73-by W 140, portion ol
AughlnbauRh 223 acre tract. Alameda; $10.
W. J. and Lettle H. Baker to Frederick G.
and Lydia A. Otto, lot on N llne of Seventh
street. 150 E of Union, N 127:5, E 21, S 127:3, W
21 to beginning, block 533, Oakland: $10. - •
Frank Dehertoghe to Max W. Koenig, undi
vided one-eighth Interest In lot on W llne ot
Wood street. 52 N of Lincoln, N 26 by W 102:6,
block 7K. Oakland; $10.
21, block D, map of a portion of Berkeley prop
erty, and beginning at a point on the N line ot
Channing way. 200 E of Collage avenue, and
d i st ? nt<133 N - from N llne ot Channing way.N
169:6, -E CO.' S 169;6. W 60. to point of beKinning.
belnR the.-N 169:6 ot W one-half of lot 21, block
D, map of a portion of Berkeley property, sit
uated between the University of California and
State Deaf. Dumb and Blind Asylum, Berkeley;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1900.
from New York, for Glasgow; stmr Sardinian,
from New Tork, for Glasgow, and both pro
ceeded..
GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 31— Stmr Ems.
from New. York, for Naples and Genoa.
GREENOCK— Arrived July SI— Stmr Cartha
ginian, from Philadelphia, via St Johns, N F.
MANILA— Sailed July 22— Stmr Minister, for
San Francisco. -
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 30— Stmr Deutsch
land, from Hamburg, for New York. ;
13
¦ The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . ¦ •; vf-::
Julian, A. Jacl<son, 23. 2818 Howard street, and
Henrietta A. Butelman,- 22, Marysville.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth sC Tel. South < 167.
IUNEBAL riEEOTOHS ANDEMBALMEak
' Fines' Equipment at Moderate Rates.
. McAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
123J Market St.. between sth and 9th.
.Telephone South 247.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
BATT.BOAD TBAVE_ .
t |
........VinO RETURN
on the NEW TRAINS of the
Sant? Ei Route
August 21st and 22d
good for return
.Until October 22d.
Wi!» tell you
all about it at
628 Market Street
or at
Ferry Ticket C Sic e, Foot of Market St.
I I
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
c=u o~o j ——————
'^3a T f DESTIXATION. ? £
; Is i a t .] g
. • O.C • • CLO.
8:00 p 9:00 ail»v San Francisco Ar «:0O pi g ; oo a
i 11:05 p J2:30 p Ar Stockton Lt 1:30 pj 4:40 a
I 1:18 a 2:42 p " Merced " 12:28 pj 2:49 a
• 3:05 a 4:35 p '* Fresno " 10:30 s 1:00 a
7:Ma 5:4Sp '* Hanford " 8:J1 a 7:35 p
i 4:50 a 6:1* p " Vlsalla •* 8:35 a 11:14 p
E:Wa!-8:4Op " Tulare " 8:15 a U:0o p
7:30 al 8:55 p **; Bakersfleld " 6:CO a 9:00 p
.......I 5:15 pj ". Kansas City " 10:5Oa
|7:40af" Chicago " 10:00 p .;
; ¦ . ctock- • . Stoclc-
: ton* ;¦ . ton :
.Dally. Dally.
I 4:10 pILv San Vranclsco Ar:il:20a|
I 7:15 pJAr Stockton Lvt 8:15 a|
. SOUTH KR!«: l-.irinr COStPAJfT.
r.'-.' -.- •: Ir'Acirtc sT.tTKM.) ¦ •-
Tralaa !•»*« nntl mi* duo to nrrlf* Mi
-. • - : *A!% riUNt'MdO. • .:,•.¦¦•-'
. ; (Main Une, Foot of llarkat Stteal)
t»AT» — riMit J(tlt 13, 13Ca — turn
•720<U Benida, SirUui>. pimira, V»c»»U!e,
. ¦ • ¦ : Rjuiia-r »U'i .Sicrtn:«iit-i ......... *7>-t3r
•T:««i a Shacta Kxpr-M - Daris. WilUuna (for - -.'-' - '
:• Bartleti Springs). WUlowa. UoO. .•'•"•¦'' •:¦¦•
" Blufl. Purclaoi.. ..,.....,....., •?««?
•7:30* Marslnex, tlaa Ramon, Vallejto. N»pa, :
•' ¦ : f'aU.it.'K-kaiiil Sanf.v I'.o.<i.. :...... C 0:13p
•»:OOa Da7ii, Wooiiiaaci. KmVhts Landta*.
¦I- liarmtlle, OroTille. , ,+.**.«< »7ti5r
. *«i!Ot>» AttiuS-T Kjpr™ — OC'len ami Kaat M1:-15a
••i:io» Sim jqjr, l.l»CTmote^' Ktoektoii, '-. :-.':
. ¦'¦'¦: Ini\*; ¦ H»cr»Tiiertto, I Placi-rtUlff,' ••'.¦¦•¦..
.'•: . JW-Tlllc. «Jt!ca, KeU lUirff :*4>I3r
•9i3»A0»k.uK CMaeaa (for Yoaemitek
" ¦.'"¦: ."rxMc-r*. (.'artvra. ................... **:ISp
•9:OO4 Hajwtla, Nil-l an.l W'.iy *t-j,ti»n*. *l 1 J »•¦»»
"J:«i)i Lm Aa??!a Expreax — Mtrtii.wx, . •;.,-
i ;¦•¦ ¦ ; T»CT. hltllXfip, .TAJcktoa, MlTC?'t
tutt KrcMiio. .,_;,:.... # 9«45r
•!»::i«4 Vall-j... M miner ami W*f H..itla,,« •!>» I5p
• I O:OO» Th« UrerUn.1 limited— Oxdoa, Iwa.
. • • Tar, O-.usba. Chicago...,..,.. *SiI3p
*II:OO\ Nile*, Livermorr. Mcoekton, Saer»-
.'¦ ¦-. ¦•' mfiiw, MbihIqu, il.-tufor'J, VUnlia, . .
. • PurrrTille »lil3r
•I>:O»m lli,w* r ;.a. Nilesand WaySiaUont. »!»t45p
: tl:»«KMi,:raii.»ii-o i:i*or .-;t,...Mi^c« t.VO»A
«:t:(»Op Ilaywirla, Nil»aan<i \V»y Htattuiis. *.¦>:*•¦» r
•l:ii«pMi.t::,if/, «.in K.tninn, Vallejo, :
.'¦• ' ' .N,i|»i, r t .t!i.!..iK;i, S,inta Uiis.t *0>t3«
.- MiQOr Benlcfa, Winter*. flaeraniAnlo,
-•-.'. W0...IU1..I, Kuiulita Uuiline,
- - ' ¦: -. ' M*r»»TU!i».<>ru»iU«.. .......... ¦••:*»«
"l::i»r Nll«i, san Jiwuul Stucklon *?sl3p
. •,>:ottpTlw Owl Limited -Trtrjr, Fieino. :
:•'•.'¦' CaVersSelJ, Hangim for .Saota Bar- - '
.". . bara, L«i« A«if<-le«. :.,'.; *tt43«
•3:OOp Fresno ParaengiT— Martltjn. I.»th-
...--' - Top, Stncktoo. Merc«<l. Barenda ' ' -
(Il.<yni<.r,d for Yoaeniit«), Kresuro.. *13sl3p
*3s3OpNew Origan? EipreM-liakeratinld.
.S.tutn l!,.rli»rft* I.ns Aitjfi.-s. l>Hin.
InC, Kt Puo, Xew Orleans and
Haat , •«.**.
•0:(IOf IlaTwardi, Kile* and San Joae *7: *¦"» a
t«:O«tr Vallejo M»:l»r
•tf: OUr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Chejanae.
Omaha. Chlc-igu .'.„ *11:I5a
•0:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogdeo, Dvnter.
Omaba. Chistuo *4iI3p
t7iOOr Vallrjii. Furt Coata and Way ht*-
tloua. :»:3.->r
¦ *Si«3r Oregtm and California Kipntav.Mao-
laiiieiitii, Marjaillla, ICii.lilttig. ¦
¦¦'• fiirtUml. Vugnt -M. I »,)«! Kaat »8iI.1a
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «i»M K «).
'¦ (Foot ..f Market Street. > ___^
J7: 15a t'anu €nu Eicuriion for Hanta
Cruz and Principal Way Station* JSiOSp
*»:I-'5a Neu *rk.<>iittrTii!r,.Siii.luH-. Kt-itim,
'. . boiiUWi^xnk.HantaCruxaod Way ' '•" -
Btatlou* *«i3Op
t »¦ 1 3r Newark, CanterTllle, San .1 oio. New '¦ •
AIui-aJcd, Felton, Iloulder Oreeic,
Hm'% Crux and Principal Way
Station* *I*iAO«
¦4il3> Newark. Hao Jose, Los Gatoa t*'-"» (> *
alil.iriilmwoiHi. Felton, (Santa Crua .. t»iS»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Inx Hi mtZitid—Tui »r Mirkit Uriil (S!i» J)—
•715 0:00 .. -II:00a.M. 11:83 *l:Z2 tl:S3
?4-C3 - 18:83 : -S:53r.M.
r ( .m0»ILl!ID— r«t »r3r»iiw»».— -fi.00 8:00 10:00*. «.
tI3:C: *l:03 t3:83 *3:C3 tt:S3 »3:33f.ii.
COAST DIVISION (Rroailfian«;e).
(ThlrJ.tndTown8en.ISU.)
10:IOa Ocean Vtevr. South t*m Francisco.. jOiSUp
. t~=°"A Man Jose iumI Way tjtHli..n» (New ' ¦
: ;.¦"¦ . Al.uadeii Wa<1ueadaj* only) *liSOp
J7:30a Sunday Ezcnnion for San Jose.
v - Santa Cniz, Padflo Crovo and ¦
: Principal Way StaUona tSiS3p
- •StOOA Han Jca», Trra Mnoa. Haula, Cm*.
. Paelfto 4Iro*e. 1'aa.i Koblaa. Man .
:•. .- I,i;jj Olilapu, Hnrf. Lompoc and
: . rriiielpal Way HUllom MilOy
•ItilOi gas Jota and Way .Stttldns MiSS*
•IIiSUa HauJoae.LosGato*aiidWay4UUon« *3<SOr
t'Js-ISr San Mat*o. Ucdwood. Menki Paik.
Palo Alto, HantaClara. San Joa*.
Tres Plnoa. Haiita Crux, Salinas, :
.V"- ' Monterey and I'acide Grore tlO:S8i
t»:»0p Han Jotoand Way SUttotis *7i3n P
flilSp San Joraaud Principal Way Statlooa "J: IS A
. fSsOOp San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
W/ij Statiooa... tBtOA*
*.ti3Op San Joae andPrindpal Way Statioua f*:3S4
*S::tUpSai> Joacand Way Station* tVO'K
ill;-tSp a>a Jegeand Way .Sutioo* »?:3»p
A for Morning. I* (or Afternoon.
•Sally. f tinnitay exeepted. I Suud»» on'.j
b Saturday only,
a Saturday and Sunday . « Sunday aad Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD./
Via Sausaltto Ferry.
¦. Caminenclns; April 23. 1900t
FHOM 8AX FRANCISCO TO MILL VA1XJ2T
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. t:20. 9:30. 11 :M a. m.j
12:«. '1:45, 3:13, 4:15. »S:15, 8:15. «:40 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley *nd S*a
Rafael, oa Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. a.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. *S:0O. •9:00. 10:00. 11:00. 11:J»
a. m.; 12:45. »l:30. 2^0. '3:45. 5:00, 6:00. T;2f»
p. m - ' -
11:60 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Saa-
days. " '•¦¦ ¦¦
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln. ¦ .
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:33. *«:30. .7:50. 8:40. «10;15 a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. 'S:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m. ....
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Tt'edaesdays
and Saturdays at *t:45 and 13:20 p. m. :.:
SUNDAYS— 6:15. «S:CO. •9:50. 11:00 a. ns. ; 12;0»
m.; l:C0. 2:15. *i:Z0. 4:30. *5:15. «;45. 7.^10. W:*»
Trains marfced (•) utart from San Qusntln. . •
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:S2. «:45. 8:00. S:SS. 19:1!) a. •
m.; 12:33. 1:48. 2:45. S:30. 4:50, 5:M p. m. : -.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. ra.: 13:1^
1:20. ::S0. J:«. «:55. <:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m. ' .. ¦
THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way ata> '
tlons.
1:15 p. m. Satcrdays— Cazadero and way ata>
tlons. • • ¦ - -
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. :- •' ••
I:W a. d. Sundays — Cazadero and way- »t*.
12:45 p. m. ' Sundays— Point Reyes and ny
¦Utlons. ¦...,
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY,
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry r .
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m<
SUNDAYS. ...8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. »:30 p. m. "
Fare San Francisco tn Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW ORg.M '
/^ Dr«Cfibbon ? s Dispensary,
M-<*^$fk ®2** KE48JH nr Kstanllahwl -
pTif^S'^ in 3 1 * 3 * tor the treatment ol Private
aOhlAr-rVi IMseaaes, Lost Manhmil DebiUty or
¦ &%££>"£&$ flisea3e'-"earingon bodyand niiutl and
itVi^wii?-KJ Slcln DiKas»'& The «locuircareswben
iJjgJ&y&wintbsrsfalL Try blm Charter iow '
BSaasStai* I'nrptsaarnntce I. Caltorwrlta •
Dr.J.f «.li;n»'.\. Box l!)57.!iau trt-clstu
Weekly Call $1.00 wlm.
On March 20th of this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed *n Or-
dinance No. 25, prohibiting the, burial of
the dead within tlie city and county. This
law goes into? effect August 1. 1901. His-
tory shows that all large cities have found
it necessary to close their cemeteries, and
immediately the . relatives and friends be-
gin to remove their loved ones to cemeter-
ies less liable to •¦ be. disturbed v. by ."-tha
growth of the city. For full particulars
and expenses in disinterring and transfer-
ring, bodies apply : to , Charles H. Jacob &
Co., funeral directors and = embalmers, 318
Mason street. Telephone Slain 6213.
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
BKAl S5TATK — CITY FOIl 8AX.D.
I'ALDWIN & HOW ELL.
A^ Id MONTGOMERY ST.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTY.
Near City Kail: £7:5x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tl |it» W>— Market rt.. rear City Hall; 2-story
L-ick buliiiir^c; rents $135; lot 25x100. -,->.-'
trjc* o * U . ST . FRONTAGES.
Sevtral choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on eaey -terms; get par-
ticulars at otfic**-
rACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
. : -.--|j7,f0ft— PaciSc-ave. residence; elegant modern
T-e£ii<'f.ce. 17 rooms. 2 baths; nil arrangements
for ati «i>-to-d*.te home; let 37:«xl22:6.
«;,-iiv— Orecn st., near Guugh; suod residence.
* tiMxr.s and bath anl laundry; lot 12G:»ixl37:6.
A KINK INVESTMENT.
*30 $00— Geary st., n*ar Vnn Ness ave.; 4 resi-
<irt3ees; r^nts tlSO; lot ST:6xl20 to rear etreet.
SZ.7,X>0~- Folsom St.. ro.-ner; tnanufacturins dis-
trict: S fronttces; rents $170; lot 100x27:0.
. til.^uo— Rents HIS; Castro st., corner; stores
aed .flau; iot.SCxse. ¦ . - : " ; ;:;.y,i*
A BAHGAIN.
VZXsb— Mission road, r.car Thirtieth; ©ne-story
JnuiVdinE containins Ft'~ire and 3 living rooms
4tt: ; the rear; etreet work done; lot 20x72; terms
J1000 cash, balance rnfinthiy payments.
AN OFFER WANTED.
SfiOOO— Rents JC3; Naioma St.. near Sixth; coal
• erd -and 4 flats abovvj lot 27x75.
¦KES1DENCU PROPERTY.
11C,«)O— Beautiful refidencs In the Mission; 14
rooms. 2 baths; fine grounds; sun all around;
lot 7I»xll5; nin.K* offer. -¦ ¦. ; . .
¦'¦-' jI0.C"06— Bread way. near. Van Ness ave. ; 2 two-
>tor>- frame Louses; 7 room each; renu JoO; lot
-Ci^6xl37:£.
126,000— Prie« reduced; Washington st. resl-
oence. triUi fine tnariae view; large garden; sun
*U1 day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fall to see this
property.
$2730- Richmond District; entirely new; 2 cot-
tages; modern in every respect; easy terms.
$£3&»— S?unF*-t District; I handsome new mod-
ern residences, Just completed; 6 rooms and
bath and basement; lot 25x120; easy terms; call
it branch office. Ninth ave. and II st.
*4e00— Steiner et.. near Ellis; cottage * rooms;
lot SSxSO. :
; ; VACANT LOTS.
J4000— Steiner. near Fulton; lot 27;€rllO.
115,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137x127 :«i;
£x;e niarin* \'iew; choice residence lot
COTTAGE IN THE COI'NTRT.
J3250— Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished a'.tlc; laree lot; will traae for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWKLL,
.--.-: . -. ; ¦ ¦:'/• 10 Montgomery st.
EASTON. EXDRIDGE & CO ]"•
ess MARKrn- street.
mm bb sou? SE AN ESTATE .
njR»- . ... WORTH $29,000
Must'ie sold a« a whole: if sold in sub-
dlvfsi^s wou'd brir.s K9.000; 102 lots;
eauai to S blocks; well located; Close
to c*r line; best part of Potrero.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
fT.ra^— Re-i? fTT 50 per month; near Stoclctoii
*rd 6'jtter sts. : 3 new modern flats of
£, £, 6 rooms and bath; lot 35x60.
FHXMORE ETREET CORNER FLATS.
fS.200- REDUCED FROM $6000
2 well built modern flats of 6 and 7
r^ciES and bath.
MISSION FLATS.
S3,f-rO— Tw» fine flats of 7 rooms and bath;
near Howard and Twenty-fourth ets. ;
let 25x1224 fe«?t; rents $272 per annum;
always rf-nted.
V 300 — Two new modern flats of 6, 8 rooms and
t>aih; refits $37 per month; lot 26x100
feet ; on Castro et. . '¦ : •
NEW MISSION COTTAGES.
$2,S3O— New modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
por<"*laln tub. tile mantel, etc.; lot
JSxl-00 feet; J1500; bank mortgage can
¦-'.' '.remain. . . ' ¦ ¦' • .". :
BARGAINS IN LOTS ¦ -UNDER $1000
$150 c*Fh. balance J10 per morth; 8 eleeant
' .;'.¦;.;:. .-.. tot? near Park Panhandle; fine view;
:^ ; .'.;; : -street macadamlred. . ¦'.'. ', : ; . • • '
- ¦"¦¦ .-'¦ ':-' Also: 3 finelotsi iscludlng corner; Mis-
:vv" :>lra warm, belt; street .bituminlzed;
. \' eK-ctric .cair« pass property. V. \ ' ¦ ¦¦.
. . : -EASTONi ELDRIDGE & CO^, ..-.'
'¦; ::.,:.:.-: 63S MARKET ET, : ¦'¦(/¦.;¦:¦:¦. ¦
IC.".t> '.VILL baild '4-room i Iain coitage;-: S.10CO
m<iirti); Tviil t»u4Id in. Berkeley: or Oakland;.-
tfr.^ portal- -. G EO. M. . e ALB BURY. BuIWer^
¦ " iA ~' : i' r '-H'«^:-;v; ¦_' l[ ¦ "' ; --:; ;' -y".:,-:- -.:•¦ '. ;¦.-'. •¦••;•'.-
i:seo*-M01>EHN 9- room house In choice, location
. . «n Waller «t.. near ¦ Pierce, . i bloc* ttova.
Ili1i_]ii ¦! ri ¦! si.l n 1 1 1 >t i « <i \m nil. ' Qiti.iili H'i*-
. . trefcc*! cellJnss,-. * wood manteis, •'¦ hardrfln-
* Ithed fc4fen»enJ;',iEtfc ; terms .one-fourth cash.
t^O monthly. K. : NELSON, builder ;
VMKAPKST anil liest In Atnerica— Th« Weekly
'" Call, is peires,: mm to any address tn tlie
Vnited 5tates or Canada oa« : year, far JV
; ¦'-- i<rtBRe pylt. ¦¦;.¦[¦ . . . " ' ; ' ":'} ;'"'¦' '"' '' : '
JiAVK ••¦au rfal estate north of the Park or at
ihf M«fbi> tkst you want to sell; then cali
. (.a W, J. Ct'XN'. 53J California st. ; - .:••.. ..
-HERE'S a friar; 3-fTat ho-a?f>; tn ijest part of ¦
Mfn-inn; 2 c?r l\r.^»; rer.ts K5; raust gt>. Box
..;?"?. Call offlc*. V !_• ¦'¦ ; . ¦¦¦.¦'-¦.;.
¦ iK-DEitN houses and flats bu!!t at ¦¦ lowest
prtci-r: plans and estimates furnished for All
buildln* work- CAMPBELL. 1M7 Mission st.
NEW ecttas*', 6 rooir.)>. fcath; lot KtIOO;: Mis*
ficn; «s*y terms cr vacant lot. 41% K-earny.st.
REAL. ESTATE— COir.VTItV— -Foir Sil*
ACCURATE Personal knrwledjr^-*ach ef :.th»
1001 ranches on n:y SALE and EXCHANGE:
lit-t- il'~>re than all other *g«nt« ;lij this cVty.'
'£ ; ffi D- FJCKELS, the land a^ent. 6 Geary: pi.-
WANTED— About. '5ft a<rr>s of land trriij grow-'
."..-. irjj alfalfa anS dweUin? ther*ori,^ net :tnore-
than 69 xniUs from San -Franciscpr 'cash' -prop--.
celtlon. CAMILA ROCA,; Call officer. :.¦¦; :¦'. :- ;
STOCK and e-ain ran-ch for *al»; Colusa Co.;
1240 acre* ; HO p»r acre ; SW grain, rest ¦'¦ felil
lapg. M. 6. CHAypOX. Mary*vll>, Cal. ; ;
A PRINTED lut. M. GRIFFIN 719 Market Bt.
Farms and city property cold &nd exchanged.
rooms ron uousEivKtiPixG^
AT £2 Second— LIcbt house keeping. SI £9 to J2 50
per wk dsd« and J ui '•:-. Ji to $2 W per wk.
EDDY, J17— Nicely furnished connecting: nouse-
kee^las rooms; epiendid lpcatlon; private re«lr
Felice, ¦¦/ .-. '; -.; ..-¦¦.¦.; - ,:.'¦ •¦..•' : .. ' ¦¦ -.I;: v ..•."_¦-•:•' :
.EfSnX. 12. off T"otsosi, between First and Sec-
t-ad — l laree bay window room; also small
cut j>a,rtly furnished. '¦:¦¦¦¦ :'¦¦¦ : :. - .¦.'•¦¦."-. : ... • '¦_¦
FEIX. SCS— Nice eunny front room, llgfct hou»e-
ke*p.ag. for lady with a child; ;-;./V . ..-: -
FIFTH AXD MARKET— 2 rooms furnished, SlO;
1 t;r.fiu*xlEhed. »5. Particulars 342 Kearney st.
FRANKLIN', 2J (Ne-srport House)— Housekeep-
ing rms.; cunny, eingle rms.; gas, run. .water.
FOLSOM. S34 — Large eunny room for light
housekeeping; closet; bath; private; 1 25 wk.
GOLDEN GATE ave,, 1523-H3; tbrw unfur-
r.lshed rooms for housekeeping. ¦ ¦¦ .. .
3IAIGHT, 141— Housekeeping rooms; use of
kitchen, dining-room. t>atn: also single rooms.
HARRISON. 7J1— Four rooms; furnished com-
plete for hekpteg,; large yard; rent 116; bath.
HOWARD. 10C3H — Sunny completely lurnlshed
housekeeping rocms; also others. -.. .- ;
HOWARD. 1124— 2 furnished sunny front rooms;
compleU for housekeeping; gas stove. . •:
BTDE, 410 — Sunny front alcove Fulte complete
for housekeeping; also other euncy eulte; |16.
IVY ave.. 2<L near Hayes anl Franklin— Par-
lor culte. furnished; *lnk. stove; tli.
KEARNEY, ir.4 — Two or four unfurnished
rooms; newly papered and painted; a bargain.
MCALLISTER. 53S— 3 elegantly furnished sunny
front ro'-rr.B ; elnk, range, bath, launflry. t2J. !
MISSION. S45— Nice front room with folding-
l>ed and kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, U21— Near new pestoffice; nicely fur-
r.lsUt-d yunny connectlrit rooms. . • •-, ¦
OAK, 12— Junction of Market Bt. and Van Ness
avc. ; sunny hcusekoeiijng rooms. ¦'.;¦ - -.
POLK, n;— Furnished and unfurnished house-
koeDint rooms; rer.t cheap. . .- > ¦-¦
SOUTH PARK. U4— Jl(c two sunny rooms Jiice-
!j- f uj-nifhed for housekeeping. ' ¦ ....
TAYLOR. lOS— a oomplete suite of sunny house-
¦ keeping rooms. .:.',.- . -. ¦ - ¦¦ ';
TEHAMA. 478. nr. ' Sixth— $12; 3 furnished
hou^« l k"^»pfng room*; kitchen complete. : •
TENTH. IM. near Mission— Sunny furnished
houspkecping rooms; sunny garret. • •
VAN NESS. 402— Two neatly .furnished rooms
complete lor housekeeping; gas stove.
CLASSIFIED adi'ertl semen ts and subscriptions |
received at CaU branch office. 2209 FUlmore st.
A r.P.ANCH office for Call advertisements and
fi:b*;r r iptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla rt.
KUUSSTO LKT — Fnrn. and tnfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth— Rooms
;J »to|l per night. Jl "5 to {3 per week. an<l
light houin keeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 23» Port-Finest funny tulles «n
«Ity lor lamiJIPs and Rentleiren: ail conven-
lenoeg; gpeciai accommodations for tourlets.
KURNETT. 14^6 Market st. (old No. 135*)-Fur-
n.rned rms.. tuitcs. tingle; also unfurnished.
l>t;SH, C20— Nicely fura. sunny rooms; $1 £0 to $7
T.-k; .a to II M night. MRS, p. RANfT.
CLAY. 1€29— 2 or 3 rooms; furnished for house-
kerping or en suit*. Call lr^s Polk st.
IZLLIS. 330— Large front and back parlors; eun-
n»; suitable for physician or dentist.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
ELLIS, S3" — Sunny bay-window room for 1 or 2
i frentlcmen; with or without board; prlv. fam.
FOLSOM. CT.l. cor. Hawthorne— Beautifully fur-
nished suite of sunny rooms to let. ".
FOLSOM. SG5, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
niahed sunny rms., single or suites; reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 503— Large sunny parlor; nicely
furnished; bath; gas; also single room. • :
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elejantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN.southeast corner Seventh
and Mission' sts. — Sunny rooms, en 'rulte cr
*Snsle: ladles' parlor; readins^room; elevator.
HAYES, 141DU— Furnished room to let; $1 per
week. ' . ¦ '
HOTEL Francisco — Elepant suites; single; tran-
kient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD $29— Rooms from II week up to J5;
23c to Jl r.Sijht: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. SS?. cor. Cth — Nicely furnished sunny
rocn:s; reasonable: by day. week or month.
LARKIN, 1C00. crposlte Lurilne Bath— Sunny_
furnished room: »¦ . :
MARKET. VZi (Lohengrin)— 1 front suite, new-
ly turn.; ethers: by day, wk. or month; trans.
mTn'NA <JS7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-vindtw room.- $1 per. week; transient. •
MINNA, 731—2 nicely furnished front rooms;
rent reasonable.
OAK, 119— Large sunny room; closet; furnished
for' housekeeping. $8: smaller rooms, $6.
OAK. 3^5— Large sunny front room; nicely fur-
r.ithed; private family; gas and bath; cheap.
OFAHRELL, JO— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POLK. H'>-'3 — Sunny furnished rooms; single and
double; board; private family. - •
POST. 527— Parlor floor with kitchen or upper
floor o? 4 rooms; reasonable.. . -.
POST, i-31— Two furnished rooms to let. (5 and
. tS: no smoking or drinking in the house; Pio-
fstant Christian preferred.
POWELL, in— LIcht. clean rms. ; suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water: rates reduced.
R1NGOLD. 32. below Folsom. eft Ninth— Newly
furnished room for 1 or 2 persons; no other
roomers; rent chear.
ROSEDALE Hr^use. J19 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 25c to |1. week SI 25 to 14; open nlj?ht.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; readinjr-room. smoking-room and ladles'
rarJor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50: week. 12
to SS; month, $3 to $10; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN ANTONIO— Up to date fireproof building:
electric elevator; steam radiators: sea baths;
suites, single rooms; appreciated when seen;
reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 25 Eighth St..
i near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
1 STOCKTON place. 10. between Sutter and Po*t
— Furnished rooir«; board If necessary.
TAYLOR, Ell— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms.
THE OAKS. 119 Third — A (rood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office; 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubseriptlons has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia xt.
ROOMS AND HO "ID.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive interior «nd table. SOT California st.
GEARY. 942. nr. -Polk— Large sunny front room
with board for young- lady: prlv. family: $20.
LAS PALMAS. 1S2O Market Ft.— Pufte or 2 or 3
rms.: private; .bath; sin. rms.: baar.d optional.
ROOMS AM> BOAUP WANTED.
WAXTEDr— In strictly: private ; family (no; other
¦hoarders) accommodations for family, ¦ three,
adults, discontinuing, housekeeping-, board and
.. S rooms; can 'furnish same; Pacific-' Height*
nelKhborhood preferred : satisfactory accom-
inodatlBns properly paid for; references ex-
chanced. Address box 3491. Cell office. '- i /
PRIVATE fam.; Ross Valley, rir. ftav. or Berke-
V ley; rmp. and board; 2 adults. Box'-3412, Gall
A WEEK'Snews for 5 e»nts— The Weekly CaU.
. 56-paeeE. In vcranrx^r. for maillnsr. SI per year.
¦ ' ; ' AOTICES.
IjEPT istamp rlrotos and buttons on earth.
:¦ DORE;:l3S0.M.-irkPt st.. above Jones. ; •' .
ROOMS, papered from S3: whitened. Jl up;
fiaihtlr.R :d.on.e; .Hartman Paint Co., S19 Third.
I3AD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city : or : country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
<"*O... AW Mnrttjfnmory «t. ri>orns 9-10: tel. 5SS0.
fEWI.VG MACHI.VES AM) SLI'I'LIES.
ALL kinds bousht. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Piamlxstk. 1913 Mission, rr. 15th.
ALL kinds fcouitht,' sold, exch3nffpd. rented;
repairing ntlnwfst fates. ?05 Fourth st.
.'.;' STORAGE AXD VWAUl^HOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storafre and moving:; covered
.vans, ; Tenth and Market; ; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
:pariy | 7ZZ0. Flllmor* st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
-;««i; Main is tot— Pack Inc. moving and storaRe.
: ; :i'.vi*i3>y unitiiis axd supplies.
OREA-f
.selt- better machines /or less money than any
the flty; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
¦'_¦': Etcbange. Hi California, telephone Main 261
A TYPEWRITER, brand new. for $50. RE- j
VALK. 400 ¦QUifcmla ' rt. ¦ ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
; ¦"¦,:-; •'". ;:ALAMEDA ROOMS.
THREE large rooms completely furnished, with
the uf of double parlors; close to station: In
:'.• Kood.-- location: complete for housekeeping.
: 2101 Central «r>.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2S— HANDSOME corner cottage, furnished; 7
rooms; stable: Berkeley. C. HENDERSON.
. 304 Montgomery st. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKM.MI HEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Valuable Improved and productive
property, bringing In a monthly rental of $134; |
eaid property Is situated on the .main avenue j
leading from- Oakland to Alameda; to be sold
as a whole or in subdivisions for cash or on
easy terms. Address MRS. SEVIN VIN-
CENT, 627 Tark ave,, Oakland. Cal.
JCOO AXD up: chicken farms; 80-page catalogue
of homes. B. E. BUNCE. 808 Broadway, Oak-
land. .
OAKLAXD FCRXITURE FOR SALiS.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
PROPOSALS. ''
trict No. 1 of Marin County, Cal., asks for
fclda for the construction of a system of »ew-
; erp In Ross Valley, Marin County, as per
Iilane and fpeciSlcatlons on file with the sec*
retary. Right reserved to reject any and all
bids. Bidders will please call between the
liuurs of S a. m. «ind 12 m., and 2 and 4 p. m.
. AM t>ids will be opened at- a meeting of the.
Sanitary Board, to be held at the office of
th? secretary, on Friday, August 17, at II
o'clock a.; m. .
HENRT F.. ALLEN. Pnwldent.
T: B. BERItr. Sec. 320 Sutter «t.. S. K.
>' OTICE t0 Wdders.'for printing special design
HHg», N. S. (;. W.— All persons desiring to bid
¦ on rrintlng special design flags for 8eml-Cen-
tennlal Celebration will please call at Room
«O. <;iau«r Rj.reckels building, at 4 p. m. on
Thursday, Auguet 2. 1S00/ to receive specinca-
ttons and Instructions. H. L. OUNZBUUGER
Chairman Committee on Decorations.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Bids will b« re-
ccived by the undenlrned until 6 p. tn - Au-
• bust 6. and then opened, for the construction
ol a wharf and warehouse covering about 100 •
000 EQuare feet and about iOO feet of trestle
approach near the mouth of the Columbia
.-River;. Clatcov County. Or. Plans and speci-
fications can be *een and blank forms of pro-
posals secured at the office of the Astoria
and Columbia River 'Railroad in the Flavel
building. Astoria. Or. A satisfactory bond
• will be required of the successful bidder. The
undersipned reserves the right to reject any
or all bids In. whole or In part as per forms
of' proposal and- sperlflcations. NORTH-
WEST CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington. D. C. until 12 o"clock noon,.Au-
gU5t 7, 1S00. and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yurd
More Jsland. Cal.. a quantity of corned beef!
apples, beans, peaches, prunes, salt-water
soap, machine tools. I sheet steel and sheet
Ircn, glue pots and copper measures. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Durtau or to the Navy Pay Office. Ban
Francisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster
General. U. S. N. 7-U-C0.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place at Livermore, this day (Wednes-
DOUGLAS— In this- city, July 31, 1900, Stephen
Arnold, beloved son of. John J. and Nellie
Douglas* a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months. . ' . '• ¦'••'¦'
FERRIS— Entered.-. Into rest, Mabel Dorothy
(Baby) Ferris, dearly ¦ bcioved daughter of
Charles and Dorothy Ferris, a native of San
Francisco, aged. 1? years 8 months and 10
days. • • ' . ¦
(CTTrlends are fespectfully : invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from the family, residence, ISO Haw-
thorne street... Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. : . . ¦.'•.•• ;
GAGRE— In San Rafael, July 31. 1900, Antone,
beloved sen of Stephen' and Mary GagTe, a
native of Dalmatte, Zupa.. Austria, aged 29
years 3 months and 2 days. * , ,
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the hall of.
the Austrian Military and Benevolent Asso-
ciation, 507 Sutter street. Interment Laurel
'Hill Cemetery. Remains at the pariors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
' Elzhth and Ninth.
HARBURN— In this city, July 81, 1900, James
F. Harburn. a natlvs of Ireland, aged 72
years. " .
HARRINGTON— In this city. July 29. 1900.
Nancy, beloved wife of Peter J. Harrington,
and mother of Mrs; A. G. Beazell, J. P., F.
F.. C. J., A. J.. R. L.. Margaret and Cather-
ine HurrlngtOTi, aged 63 years 2 months and 13
days. (Boston papers please copy.)
jryFunerai to-morrow (Thursday), at 11:30
o'clock, from the residence of her father,
George Center, -corner of Lincoln and Harri-
son streets, Santa Clara. . .
tC7 Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited- to attend a' -solemn requiem
high. mass for the repose of her soul to-mor-
row {Thursday), at 9:30 p'clock, at Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, between. Scott and De-
vipadero. Interment- Holy Cross Cemetery,
by e-lectric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. ¦ : . • .
DECOTO — In this city, July 31, 1»00, Lizzie, be-
loved wife of John Decoto of. Irvington, Cal.
tCFrlends and acquaintances and members
of Magnolia Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. F., and
the Associated Veterans of the Mexican War
are respectfully invited to attend the funer.al
this day (Wednesday)... at 2 o'clock, at Odd
Fellows 1 Hall. Seventh and Market streets,
ur.der the auspices of Magnolia Lodge No. 23.
Interment National Cemetery; ¦ : :- . '• ¦ . .-
DEAN^In this city,; July. 3K 1900. at her' resl-
'. d?nce. : 1000 Buchanan street, between Golden
Gate .avenue and McAllister. 'Street, Ellen
Gertrude Dean, dearly..- .be.lovfed .mother of
Blanche a\nd Lionel' Dean arid Mrs. : Georglna
Crosscup, ; a native of: Queens County; . N. B.,
a^eii 71 -years 4- months .and 6 days; (Boston
papers please copy.) • ••¦ ¦;..,¦••.; j .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atte-nd the funeral to-morr«w
<Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin & Co., 11$ Geary street.
Interment National Cemetery. .... •,
CRANZ— In this, city, July 21. 1900, : Theodore
D., relict ol the late Louise Cranz, and be-
loved father of Mrs. E. W. Pape. Mrs. C.
Washburn, Dr. L. T. Cranz and the late Julia
Obenauer, a native of Hesse-Cassfl, Ger-
many, aged 73 years and 6 months. (Los An-
geles, Cal., and Davenport,. Iowa, papers
please copy.) ; ." . . • . ¦
CTInterment private.
BROWER— In this city, July 29. 1900, James W.
Brower, beloved brother: of lire. Carrie De-
nlse, a native of New York, aged 55 years and
9 months ; '
. C3 r K'ri«nds and acquaintances .are respeet-'
fully Invited to attend : ths' funeral this day
.-'• (Wednesday), at 2 jo'clock,. from the parlors
¦ .of .Dursln & Bles.kley,. 215S Shattuck avenue,
¦ Berkeley. . Interment Mountain . View Ceroe-
' tery» • . ' ....'¦ . • '.'.•••'"
BROOKS— In Chicago, July 26, 1900, i Winifred
F. Brooks, beloved wife of John Mendell
Brooks, and daughter of Foster P. and Carr/ie
M. Cole. .•¦ . .: .-. . :¦ ...
ANDEI'.SEX^In Berkeley.- Jtily 23,. 1300, Gretha
. "Andersen, another of: Christ,- Andrew, aitd
• Metha -Andersen, a'native oi'.Denmark, aged
67. years 11 months .'and:. 7 days. '¦,';¦' : '¦"
¦ , DIEJJ.- /• • •¦. • :.
Andersen. Gretha • ¦• | Kelghtley, -Mary
Brooks.:- Winifred F. '.'-¦ MclntOsH. Mrs. D. D.
Brower; James-. W. • ¦¦_ Myers; Mary A.
Cranz, Theodore D." -.-'O'Brien. Simon '
Bean... El left 'a-.".- = • : Petty.. George S: •'
Decoto. . Lizzie >" . • Phillips.- William :".
Douglas/ Stephen A.' ' Silver. Joseph, J. ' :
Ferris. Mabel D.. -'•' : - Stang, Mollle.S.
Gagre; Antone -' : ¦'¦¦¦¦ Terrlll, Richard ' .-. -
¦Harburn, James F. ¦ • : 'Trac'jv James, "¦ -.-
Hart,' Babette ..'.'• .." -.' Volkmar,'' Sophie :
Harrington/Nancy .'..-Voorman; Henry. '. '.
Hildebrandt.: Amelia : -. AVegeher. Kdward L.
Keane. -Mrs.- Joanna : Whelan,- Charles- D.
BOWERS— ATKINSON— In this city, July 28,
1300, by the Rev. Dr. John A. . B. Wilson,
Fred W. Bowers and Annie Atkinson, both of
Sun Francisco.
FREEMAN- JOSEPH— In this city. July 25,
1&00, by. the Rev. Dr. John A. B.. Wilson,
John O. Freeman and Mary R. Joseph, both
of San Francisco.
MERRITT— NEUBER— In this city, ' July 26,
11*00. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Warren H. Merritt and Kva M. Neuber, both
of San Francisco. '¦ . . '
MILLKR-CHRISTENSON— In this city. July
25. 1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B: Wilson,
Charles Sillier and Hannah Chrlstenson. both
of San Francisco. '.-,¦ . ' !
SCHMEIZER-EADES-^In this city. July 2S,
l%0, by the Rev. Dr.; John. A. B. Wilson,
William G: Schmelzer' and Irma J.- Eades,
both of Sffn Francisco.. • ¦••.'.
STABLliF-M-i-BARROW^CLOUGII— In this city,
July 2S, 1'JOO, by the Rev. Dr." John Ai 13. Wil-
son. NUes E. Stabtusm and Sarah H, Barrow-
cloufth, bcth of. Pan Francisco.-. .' . ; ¦
WILSON-OVERMEYER-In this- city, : July 29,
litO. • by" -the Rev. . Dr.' John" A..'. B. Vv'llson.
; William. 'J. r A'llson and Mary T. Overnleyer.
fcotlx cf ¦ Ean' FrynciscOi . ¦ •'•'.',
MARRIED.
BORN. • : .:.
CONNELL— In this city! July 24, 1900, to the
¦wife of Joseph A. Connell, a son.
FREDRICKSON— In this city. July 29.. 1900. to
the wife of Charles Fredrlckson. a daughter.
HADDEN— In this city, July 31. 1900, to the
wife of Charles lladden, a daughter. .
HYDE— In this city. July 29, 1900, to the wife of
W. D. Hyde of Benlcla, a son.
Elrth, marrlag-e and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed, with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«• Steamers leave Broadway
*w^ wharf, San Francisco: .
T?V^*» *" or Alaskan ports— 11 a.
tBragwajv m., August 4. 9. 14, 13. 24,
• VEPk£r&2?%, 29 - ?e::t - 3 - Change to com-
'' t^v £>5?«!\s^ pany's steamers at Seattle.
' Vi&pE? \ X&l For Victoria. Vancouver
i ISlKpgS^] (R. C). Port Tcwns^nd. Se-
[Jr^*'^^W?jJ attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— U a. m.. August 4,
9. H, 19. 24, 23, Sept. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. . Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
1. 6. 11. 16, 21, 28, 31, Sept. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo>. Gavicti.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m., August 3. 7. 11, 15, 19, 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dlegro. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 •».
m.. August L 5. 9. 13. 17, 21, 25, 23. Sept. 2,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET (tt-'virE-l New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
' From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
EADC $'^ First Class Including Bern
iMnC $3 Second Clas* and JV.ealv
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. .......
.. .......August 1. 11.. «. 31
COLUMBIA sails August 6. 16. 26; Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East- : : : \ ::=
E.C. WARD. General Agent.
- 630. Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
t'NOME,:
. PORT CLARENCE; CAPE YORK AND -
;•; •¦¦¦.• safetykarbor; ; ¦ :
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Ai: Passenger
""¦-•'¦ . Steamship. • .' ¦ ¦" .- •¦ - ;¦
JOHN & KIMBALL,
. \'i Twenty-five hundred tons' displacement.-'. •
I *; ABOUT AUGUST li /..;;-
Far Passenger and Freight Rates Apply ta
. • , KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO.,
'• • ' 220 Market at.. San- Francisco. '
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAJRF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at.l p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calUnpr at
Kobe ; (Hlogo), Nagasaki and ¦ Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with Steamers for In-
dia, etc. ¦ No- cargo, received on board on Say
¦of. sailing-. • : - •" .-. ".- •' -¦:' >•.'¦'..¦¦- ...v • ; '
. E9. AMERICA MARU.;.. Friday, August 3. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU........i.....;..i.v:;.,"- - :
' • ...... i.:... •.¦.•..•."..•; Wednesday.. August 29, 1900
fc~. NIPPON MARU-.;'.v...'i.^.....-.v. : ...-. ; .;.... :
-.,... ;..i........ ..Saturday^. September ; 22. '.1900
¦ ¦.:.• . Via Honolului :¦ : -: .
. R6und-trlp tickets, at rednc«d rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 '.Market street. : corner of First. :. '. . --
...¦•:• ¦ :. W. H.V AVERT. General Agent.
' AMERICAN LINE.
, ire W TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABU
. Stopping at Cherbourg.: westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork.... August 8 St. Lou Is..... August 22
St. Paul* August 15 New. York.... August 23
• RED. STAf? LINE.; ; V :
; '¦¦' >'«W Yorlc-ond Antvfgr^%l ' ':-.,'¦. :
From New York" Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland .August ijlAragonla ....August 13
Kensington ..Atirust SJINoordland .;.Augrust 22
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO,;
I .';¦ ¦•¦ 30 Montgomery Street. -.-,' .'• 'v: -,
, C0MPAONIE GENERALE TBAN3ATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Bailing every Thursday, instead of -Q JX»'
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at -^*Wfsa»
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of.
M&rton street: LA TOURAINE. August 2;
L"AQUITAINE. August 9: LA BRETAGNE,
August 16; LA LORRAINE, August 23. Ffrst
•class to Havre, $82 60 and upward. Second clas$
to Havre. $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 22 Broa-1*
way (Hudson . Building). New York. J. F.
FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.' •". ¦ ..'.: ¦ ;.••¦
OCEANIC S.S. C6J— HONOr.TIX.TT, AJPIA
. AUCKLAND AN1> SIDNEY. ? .
SS. ALAMEDA {via Honoluiu). : to New
Zealand and Australia" Wed., Aug. 8^ 8 p. m.
S.S. AUSTRALIAf Honolulu only> ......
...Wednesday. August 22.. 2 p.. m.
L 0. SPR£CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. !l4 Montaomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freifih»0fflc9.327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
¦ .-» : Steamer "Montlcsllo." ..
MON.,: Tues./ Wed., ' Thurs. and Sat.'.at 9:43
n. rn,, 3:15. 8:30 p. tn. (ex-Thura. night); Fri-
days, l p. rn. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. rn., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. !. Telephone Main 1308. :.- - v- •
FARE :.... t :..... -..50c.
RAI1BOAD TRAVEL ¦
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEBN ST. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND MOTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY, i • .
J~^ Tiburoa Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, »:C0, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33,
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. .ra. Thursdays-^-Extra trip
' at 11:30 d. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i) !
¦ sn4 11 :30 D. m.' ¦
BUNDATS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1:30.
6:00, 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. T:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
8:40. 5:li p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 cm..
BUNDATS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; t:*0. «:«,
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between 8an Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
sama schedule as above. -.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. |Apr. 15, 13OO.| San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. | Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am S:00 »m Novato. 10:40 am , 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
8:Upm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. .
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
'Geyserville.
3:30 pm S:CO am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! J Hopland I (10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 ptn
7:10 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevillc. 7:35 pm -
8:S0pm -~ ¦ 6 :20 pra
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:S0amj 8:00 ami (10:40 am[10:25 am
8:30 pm! 5:C0 pm| Sebastcpol. I 7:32 pm! 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W<»st !
Springs and White Sulphur fiprlnes; at Fulton' '
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at J
Geyservllle for Skagzs Sprlnsn: at Cloverdala
for the Oeysers: nt Holland for Duncan
Sprlnr». Highland Eprlnsrs. ICelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at tHtlah for Vichy Springs, Sarnto^a
Sprlnps. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprlnzs. IJrper i^ake. Porno, Pott«r Vallsy.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. BuckneM's.
Sanhedrln H*!ghU. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Sprtnss. Mendoclno City. Fort BraKT. Wp»t-
port. Usal, : Willits. . Laytonvllle. . Cummin*.
Bell's Sprlnirs.- Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. •
. Saturday to lien Jay round trio tickets at
reduced raten.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 6S0 Market St.. Chron!cl»bldg.
H. C. WHITING. - ' . R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageut.
- ¦ . ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1116 York street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . : ' •-¦•
WEGENER— In Geyservllle, Cal., July 30, 1900,
'• Edward Lewis, beloved son of Mrs. L. Wege-
ner, and brother of George, Charles, Ella and
Lulu Wegener, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 9 months and 9 days,
icyinterment private. .'
.'•'(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Mount Morlah Lodge No, . 44, at King. Sol o-
mon Hall, Masonic Temple. -
WHELAN— In this «lty, July .30, 1900. Charles
D.. beloved son of P. J. and Alice L. Whelan.
brother of Edith Wlielan, and grandson of
Charles and Mary Whelan. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 7 days.
' (nr Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the- funeral this day
< Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 23 Shipley street, thence
.to St. Patrick's. Church for services. Inter-
.meht Holy Cross- Cemetery..- ", • .
VOLKJUR-In this city, July 31. 1900/ at the
-residence of "her sister, Mrs. Maurice Owens.
3466 ' Seventeenth 'street, .'-Sophie,, .beloved
' daughter of - Amelia and -. the late Christian
: Volkm'ar.- and sister, of Mrs.', Louis W11U, .Mrs.
"Charles; Fey- and Mrs. Maurice Owens, a na-
¦ tive.of San : Francisco, aged. 24 years and ;20
'days-. -. -:.•.-'¦ ¦¦;¦"'.; . ¦
¦-•• Cy Notice of. funeral hereafter. '." .
yoORMAN-rln this -city, July 31, 1900. Henry
' Voorman. 'beloved father bf Laura, Ida- and
-. 'Harry Vporman, Mrs. Vf: ¦¦ M. Willett and
: 'Mrs. H. O. Tllden, and grandfather of Yettie
and Voorman .Du Bols.l- a native of Ger-
many. a?ed 73 'years- II months and 3 days. -.
• E^Notlce of funeral hereafter. , .
TRACY-^In this city, July. 30, 1900, ' James, , be-
loved son of Michael and Mary Tracv. and
.brother of Mamie, Katie, Martin, John, Ed-
."dlo, Richard and Lawrence Tracy,. a native of
' San" Francisco, aged 15 yeap 9 months and 6
days. ;¦', "-• °
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, .from her late resi-
dence, 25S5 Folsom street, between Twenty-
flrfct and Twenty-second.: . Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ' : ¦ ,, .
TERRILLr-In this city, July 31. 1900. Richard
Terrill, beloved husband of Gertrude Terrlll,
father of Ramona Terrill, son of Richard Ter-
rill, and brother of Able Terrill, Mrs. Esper-
anca Silva. Mrs. L. M. Garkee and Mrs. Alice
•Merk, a native of California, aged 32 years.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ¦ 2315 Laguna street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
Kindly omit flowers.
PHILLIPS— In the City and County Hospital,
July 31, 1900, William Phillips, a native of
Wales, aged 37 years 10 months and 27 days.
SILVER— In this city, July 30, 1900, Joseph J.
Silver, '.beloved ron of Isaac and Rosario O.
do Silver, beloved brother of Manuel, Rosa
and Sophie Silver, and cousin of Mrs. Esther
Alzarve, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years 4 months and 22 days.
STANO— In this city. July 30. 1900. Mollie S.,
beloved wife of the -late Joseph A. Stang,
mother of Percy A. Stang, eldest daughter of
Mary E. and the late John W. Burresf, and
sister of Walter Burress, Mrs. R. Downs and
Mrs. G. Menke. a native of Missouri, aged 29
years 2 months and 3 days.
i ' cyThe funeral services will i take place
this day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
family residence, S02 McAllister street, ln-
. terment private. Please omit flowers.
O'BRIEN— In this city. Simon O'Brien, beloved
husband of Hannah O'Brien, a native of Ire-
land, aged C4 years. .
PETTY— In this city, July 31, 1900, George S.,
beloved husband of Joanna Petty, and father
of George J., John M., William G. and Linus
A. Petty. Mrs. Frank H. Kllduff and Mrs.
George Hamilton, a native of Virginia, aged
63 years 10 months and 2 days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MYERS— In this city. July 29. 1900, Mary A..
widow of the late Christian Myers and mother
of Dr. O. II, P. Myers and Clara Myers, a
native of Ohio, aged' 73 years. (Marysville,
Cal.. papers please copy.). :
- ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1178 Broadway, Alameda, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment .Mount Calvary Cemetery, San
Francisco.
MclNTOSH— In Victoria, Mrs. D. D. Mclntosh,
beloved mother of Mrs. J. Molanarl and Rlch-
ar-J and William Denniston. .
ICTThe funeral will take place this, day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 161 Grove street, thence, to St. Igna-
tius Church, Hayes street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEIGHTLEY— In Alameda. Cal., July SO, 1900,.
Mary Kelghtley, beloved mother of the late
W. J. Kelghtley and the late j Mrs. Lizzie
< Chadbourn, a native of Ireland, aged 79
years. -
icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦¦ (Thursday), at-10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. N. B. Greensfelder. 2123 Pine street.
Interment Home cf Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Towns«nd
¦ streets. • . .
HILDEBRANDT— In Alameda. July' 31. 1900,
Amelia Katherlne, Infant daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Emll HJldebrandt. a native of Calif or-
. nla, aged 1 year 3 months and 11 days.
KEANE— In this city, 1 July 30, 1900, Mrs. Joanna
Fitzgerald Keane. beloved mother of Nellie
C. Keane, a native of Ireland. . . .
day), upon arrival of 8:30 o'clock '.train from
.San Francisco.
HART— In this city, July 31. 1900, Babette Hart,
beloved mother of Charles Hart, Mrs. > J. Salz,
Mrs. D. S. Rosenbaum, Mrs. S. Salz, . Mrs.
-David M. Hart and Mrs.. N. B. Greenslelder,
and. sister of "H. Kullman, a native of Ger-
many, aged &3 years 6 months and 10 days.
(Lafayette, lnd., and Stockton papers please
copy.) V • . "
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 20, of seventy-
flve cents (7Sc) per share on the Issued 'cap-
ital stock cf- the company has been declares!,
payable at the office of the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia St., San ' Francisco, on August. 10,
1C00. Transfer books close August 3, 1900, at
. noon. , A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
L>i\lUEXL> NOTICE— Dividend No. 107 (lUty
cents per Ehare) of the Oceanic ' Steamship
Company, will ba payable at the office of tha
company. 227 Market et., on . and alter
WEDNESDAY.. August 1. 1900. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, July 26, .1900,
at i o'clock p. m. •• .
• ' r " E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Charles F. Aich, 27, 2922 Sacramento street,
and Julie M. Sajus, 17, Peabody etreet and
Eunnvside avenue. * • ¦.
• Louis A. Barhyte, £3, 4051 Nineteenth street,
and Rebecca H. Coole, 20, Twenty-third and
Mission streets. , •
Paul de Bernardl, 21, 424 Filbert street, and
Lillie Banker, 18, S<59 Lombard Etreet.
Henry B. Styles, 24, 1151-Querrero street, and
Edith M. Alexander. 19, 132 Sherman avenue.
¦Harvey T. Smith, 36, llo 1^ Second street, and
Kate M. Carrinuton. 88, Stockton.
Eurcnia G. Cordloli, 26. 314 Pacific street, and
Celestine A. Tola, 18, 314 Pacific street. ¦
Albert H. Gattis, 23, Denver, Colo., and Bet-
tye B. Jones, £6, Denver, Colo.
John Code; 24, 81CH Valencia street, and Ag-
nes R. McCaffrey, IS, 113 Gilbert street. '
Anton W. Tromm, 30. 324 Minna street, and
Otilie Butsehek, 23, 42 Howard street.
Louis A. Souriau, 23, city, and Fannie Clark,
21, city. •
Charles C. White. .23, city, and LUUe B,
Ch-orman, 22. city.
Alexander K. Coney, 50. 1562 Post street, and
Kate Falvc-y, 27,-» 1562 Post street.the land transactions. In the lower court
"Wills won. but yesterday the Supremo
Court reversed the judgment on tho
grounds that, first, the complaint was
faulty, and, second, the evidence did not
¦H'.irrant the Judgment.
Policemen Suspended.
Chief Sullivan yesterday suspended
Policemen R. H. McGrayan and J. D.
fihine. McGravan" has not reported for
duty since last Friday. Charges will prob
ably be preferred against him. Shine is
rufferlng from a disease that renders him
unfit for duty..
Ruth Vierra has been granted a di
vorce from Anton J. Vierra on > the ground
of cruelty, and failure to provide. Jen
nle.E.. llasen has secured a divorce from
Theodore E. Hasen on the ground of de
sertion."-Suits, for divorce were filed yes
terday by ; Lottie "White against John A
White for desertion \ and - John H. Mor-
Kan . against : Amelia". Morgan " for deser
tion. -. ¦ • ; ' - : • * ¦ :> ¦ ; •'
In the Divorce Court.
RICHARD TERRILL. FAT tc
MANY FEET TO HIS DEATH?
knr^S, «" n /£ le S ted t0 tle a certain rope
f. n6 . w n? s the "mouse" to the tackle and
that this neclect was the - cause of the
was he S id. PP S fr ° m the 1Oops i" jvhich U
f n Tt h t>, a » cide . nt ., ls notah le In view of -the
nainti^ 1 a slm i lar one occurred to several
painters on the preceding day, but old
£ e £ Uei tf? r8 °\ ! he 'Morgue say that acci
dents, like- suicides, -come in cycles.
Peter Dalton. who was on the scaffold
with Terrill, informed the Coroner's depu
ties that /the noose became unfastened
from the tackle, letting down the plank
Dalton^seizeti hold of the tackle and
saved himself, but Terrill. who had lost
his footing,^ fell to the ground from the
height of three stories and struck upon
a a 7 e V th , at a s standing on the ground
V*," ls £ e ,". eved Terrill .in. fastening
the scaffold on which he and Dalton were
place, near the intersection of Sutter
street. The injured man was taken
to the City Receiving Hospital, and died
there within fifteen minutes after his ar
rival. He left a. wife and family and re
sided at 20 Bernard street. .
RICHARD A. TERRILL, a painter,
died yesterday morning as a result
of falling from a -scaffold while at
work on a building on Hardie
. To-morrow afternoon and Sunday "even
ing. at the Columbia Theater, Louis Fran
cis: Brown will deliver, the third of the
double series of Burton Holmes illus
trated lectures, the subject being "Round
About -Paris." To this lecture will bo
added a series-of Klondike motion pict
ures, showing mining scenes, in Atlin,
Dawson.and; the .neighborhood, also a
magnificent picture showing the shooting
of the "White Horse Raptds.\ Also there
will - be- shown a new . series of Japanese
motion i pictures.
Burton Holmes Lectures.
¦LOS ANGELES, July 31.— The executive
committee of the Republican County
Committee met this afternoon, seeking to
devise ways and "means for landing upon
8olid ground in the matter of the primar
ies; the date for the county I convention
and 1 the apportionment for the same, the
Supreme Court having upset all calcula
tions previously made by declaring uncon
stitutional the ' Stratton primary law.
They finally decided to ' adjourn until
Tuesday next before taking . final action
in the matter of arranging the new de
tails for the county convention and the
incidental dates for primaries and the pro
posed apportionment. •'• It was moved by
Judge J. M. McKinley and - carried that
the County Committee as a whole shall
not be called together for , the purpose.
¦" ¦•" sion in Los Angeles.
Special '. Dispatch ! to : The . Call. ' .
Primary Law Decision Causes Conf u-
PITZZLED REPUBLICANS.
MEETS DEATH THROUGH
FALLING OF SCAFFOLD
. "As to the famous orators who mav
visit this section durlnjr the campaign T
.was told that there would be no dearth of
talent. Furthermore, you can > say that'
there is no doubt that Roosevelt will visit
the "West and make a thorough eampalrn
here. He carries the utmost enthusiasm
wherever he goes and will make a phe
nomenal campaign as a vote-petter In
conclusion I would say that; the outlook
could hardly be better. • As a matter of
fact the Democrats who are properly in-
Joseph Spear, Surveyor of the Port of
San Francisco, returned ' from the East
yesterday evening. and registered at the
Palace. Mr. Spear was a delegate to the
he-publican National- Convention and his
contact with men of all classes during the
past few weeks has made him enthusi
astic as to the position of the Republican
party in the pending Presidential contest
, T F l om Ncw York to Nebraska," said
Mr. Spear, "I found the business men and
• the substantial citizens of the countrv
convinced of the fact that it was good
business sense to re-elect McKinley and
take, no chances of a change in the admin
istration. Of course Mr. Bryan is expect
ed to carry his own State, but Omaha tho
biggest city in his State, will not support
him, for it is a 'McKinley and prosperity'
town throughout, . .7 ¦ . .'
"The warcry of Mr.' Bryan does not ap
pear to arouse even the enthusiasm it did
four years ago and the campaign at this
early date, has every appearance that it
will result more disastrously to the Demo
ro'£ U V tan< ? ar £ £ earer than did that of
IK* Even in Colorado the conditions are
such an to give Mr. Bryan cause to pon
der. The revival of business and the nro-?
pect of continued • good times cause
voters whose Interest is the welfare of
their country to support the Remihlican
ticket this year without particular ref er "
ence to politics. It is hardly to be exneet
ed that MeKlnley.will overcome the'lEr"
Republican sen.tlment In the Centennial
State, but lie is sure to greatly reduce the
maiority of four years ago. •
"If the party holds together. and. fiVhts
harmoniously there. will be no question of
tho results. On the other hand: If ihev
take it for granted that the Republic-mi
cannot be defeated, there is a good chance
for a big dlsapnointment.
Spear Is Enthusiastic.
George, A. Chesebrough. Homer King,
Henry T. Scott, I. W. Littleneld and John
tferrningharn Jr. The committee organ
ized by electing Henry T. Scott chairman.
The. new turn of affairs caused by the
decision of the Supreme Court declaring
the primary election law void .was dis
cussed at length. The committee deplored
the decision, but expressed a readiness to
energetically assist the cause of good
government and clean politics and to em
ploy all honorable means to achieve suc
cess. ' ¦ " .
hpHE authorities at "Washington ought
I to be informed that John C. Lynch,
H Collector of Internal Revenue for
this district, is "neglecting his duties
as a Federal onlce holder and offensively
intruding himself in political • affaira.
There is eo much danger that Lynch's
offensive conduct will, endanger Republi
can: success in one of the Congressional
districts of California that Chairman
George Stone ought to suggest to the head
of the department in Washington that the
obnoxious Collector be promptly advised
to attend to the duties of his office and
permit the State, and Congressional com
mittees to manage the campaign in Cali
¦ f ornia. . . : •
• : Lynch is going about In a self-important
way,' talking of what "we have decided,"
and. what combinations "we have made."
When closely pressed for information as
to Inside details- lie 'intimates that "we"
means himself. Herrin and Burns. The
other day he told a Democrat who is well
known in this city that "we" had decided
to nominate. Woods ;of Stockton for Con
gress in the Second iDistrlct in place of
Forbes. He remarked further, "We talk
of giving the Democratic nomination to
Caminetti instead of Sproul."
.Talks of the Combination.
Lynch is fond of approaching Republi
can County Committeemen of San-Fran
cisco and telling them that they ought to
pet into "the. combination," which will in
elude Kelly and Crimmins. He-gives out
the word that the Mint saloon bosses are
not the chief factors, but that they will
be taken care of and recognllzed.
This man Lynch is paid by the Govern
ment to supervise the collection of inter
nal revenue of this district. If he gave
proper attention to the duties of his posi
tion he would have no time to blather
about the affairs of the Second Congres
sional District- and circulate the report
that Colcnel Forbes was not acceptable
to the "combination."
The Republicans expect to .carry the
State for McKinley and Roosevelt by the
largest majority ever recorded in Califor
nia. They are hopeful of electing a full
Republican delegation to Congress. One
office-holding blatherskite and railroad
tool like Lynch' might do the party a great
deal of harm, hence ho should be called
down and suppressed.
Business Men's Republican Club.
The executive committee of the Business
Men's Republican Club met yesterday af
ternoon in the office of Henry T. Scott on
Market street. The committeemen pres
ent-were Andrew Carrigan, G. P. Lan
lnger, Ferdinand Frohman, Henry C
Collector of Internal Revenue
Neglects His Duties and
Meddles in Politics.
LYNCH DESERVES
OFFICIAL REBUKE
•A meeting of the Phoenix Republican
Club was held last evening at Scottish.
i-r Ex-Senator T. C. Maher presided
and J. - A. McKenna was secretary. A
large and enthusiastic crowd was present.
Remarks were made by Thomas D. Rlor
dan. Colonel T. P. O'Neil, Benjamin Dun
can and- others* The chairman appointed
the following committee to recommend of
ficers for the ensuing term and prepare
for the comintr campaign, towit: T. F.
O'Neil, A. B. Truman. Fred Frey. Rich
ard Cleaves, H. W. Fraser. F. E. Wallace,
T. C. Maher and J. A. McKenna.
The meeting adjourned till Thursday
evening. August 9, at Scottish Hall. A
large number of new members signed the
roll.- . -'¦ . .¦-.-.
Phoenix Republican Club.
formed of the situation are fully con
vinced of the fact that they have not a
fighting chance In the coming contest."
The committee appointed by President
Ford Is composed of Clitus Barbour T T
Fitzsimmons. John Skinkwin. Charles
Edelman and Archie Campbell. .- •
'Mar Popper spoke enthusiastically : unnn
the issues of the day. Other speeches
were made by Abe Jacobs. Charles Ede]
jnan. T. J. Fitzsimmons and John Hec'nan
After the rally refreshments were served'
The club, which, has sriO members, will se
cure uniforms and participate in the cam
paign parades In the fall.
Trherea---. In order to accomplish the- eun«
wh 1 and *very Democrat »-h» has th« interests
c.t the national and !eg!*latlv« ticket at heart
rhouia be riven a fair an.J foil opnm-tunitv in
participate in the selection of deleeaurs to thv.
various convention*: therefore be It' :
Reoolved. That the i>re«i<1*nt of the .rtrvan
and Strvenpon Ilcmocnttlc r?lab : of the Thirt*.
ninth AFsemblj- Piftrlet be and he is hereby em"
powered to appoint a committee o r flve to ttbu
upon the executive. committee cf the -rwTo
c-mtlc State Committ^ and to them 4^u?n
the absolute necessity of holding a nrimarv for
eelepate* to raid conventions thai r *rmH
of each and every Democrat the. Heht of n»p
tldpation In the affairs of his party; and be It
Resolved. That th» president and eecretiirv Ur
thin club be addPd to paid commUtA; 7
%Vher«*ft». In vievc of this fact it becomes nee
e*nary to brtn* out the full democratic vote
at *b.'A election; and • . '.,.. ¦• . • •- •
Whereas. Since the coming election to be held
n«rt November means not only a great deal
to the Democratic party, but also to the entire
Iioruia^e of thts countrv: and :. ' ..' ¦
The meeting- -was called to order by
James F. Ford, president of the club.
Jesse Galland acted as secretary. The
restgTjatlon of A. B. Lawson as a mem
ber of the campaign committee was ac
cepted, and Philip Broad was chosen to
fill the vacancy. The campaign commit
tee reported a resolution to the effect that
all parties desiring to be candidates for
delegates to the State or municipal con
ventions shall file their names prior to
August 3. A motion was made that a
committee of five be appointed to wait on
the State Central Committee and demand
recognition as the Democratic club of the
district: also to encourage the holding of
a primary under the Porter law if legal
otherwise under the auspices of the State
Committee. The motion called forth-con
siderable debate, which terminated in the
passage of the following resolution* -.
The derision of the Supreme Court de
claring the Stratton primary law uncon
stitutional furnished food for some. fiery
eloquence at a rally of the Bryan and
Stevenson Club of the Thirty-r-inth Dis
trict In Saratoga- Hall last evening-. The
c'.ub passed resolutions indorsing.; the
holding of primaries for the election of
delegates to the various conventions, and
a committee of five was appointed to wait
upon the executive committee of the:
Democratic State Committee at its meet-
Ing Saturday and explain the necessity of
the primary plan.
Stevenson Club Passes Impor
tant Resolutions.
Thirty-Ninth. District Bryan and
DEMOCRATS DISCUSS HULINO.
"A MAN BY THE NAME OF CRIMMINS"
:JZV Judge Cabaniss'
¦:*¦ court yesterday GIV.
-.Tumble, on oath, ie$0.
'--iim, charged with coii
: duffing -~a "clock" gam
: at 43 EUis street, told him
• on January 4 last that he
'*&as .making from $3000
'. to $10,000 a month and
• he paid '25 v per cent to a
; man named Crimmins,
; for protection.
Cr. mmins admitted last
• evening that he has
; knoxn Valentine for some
turn, but declares he never
receive i a cent from him
as "protection ' ' money.
He says he does not know
Rumbley and has never
had anvr- dealings with
hmC : ;: : ,7-. ¦ . .
THE trial of Valentine. M. Burke A
Pritehard and H. Muller, charged with
conducting the -'clock" and lottery at
the E!h«-.str*et place, came up again
before Judge Cabaniss in the afternoon
Attorney Coffey ppecially prosecuting and
Attorney Collins representing the "defend
ants. • .- " ¦.•••"
The courtroom might have been a bit of
tho bucket f=hop transplanted to the City
Hall: to judge by the general appearance
?£ th< * . walls and arol:rld bench. All
the evidence eathr-red at the raid: had
been ranged around where it would make
the best display and where it would do
the most harm to tho cms of tb« °>ool
rn*n Near the ooor was the big nurnber
board. <overed with numbers. Just as ; it
was when the police steppc-d in to run
thing?, and down the wail beside it irerS
thrt-e or four smaller boards covered
vil.j numbers a.« -wrtU and all readv to be
used again to, show the court just how
tho • cjock~ praine is carried on
Xnr was the crowd lacking, and a groat
part of it was. thoroughly in keeping with
the quotation hoards. . Face* familiar
around the Toolrooms on Ellis str*<?t wre
a^rain in front ..<?f. the boards, but this
ume thfSr attention was divided between
the boards. arid the court. The rulings of
the Judge .were : jfor :the time more inter
csrin? than the quotations.
Police .IJ-r-ntenant Martin and Patrol
man Sam Rankin had told their story
Montfay last*- ,v.;-; .-¦... . : '; ; .-¦¦.
..They -had told .how tlrey -went Into th^
place ; and 1 . caught t h.» proprietors setting
the pools,: Vand then how they gatbered
in everything in sijrht for evidence in the
rase -and to<>k the paraphernalia along-
SLlsq all. whom th<-y caught at poolselliug'
•/G. \V: Rumble was the first man called
to. the: stand yesterday. He was expected
to-. JtelJ an .interesting story, but no one
w?s prepared for a story nearlv so inter
esting a.« the one he told. It is nn old
=tory that the poolse'Lers were under pro
tection of some kind, but it was not sus
pected that the man and the amount
G. W. Rumble Tells
Where Part of the
Receipts of "Bucket
Shop" Went Reg-
J ularly.
Sensation an the
Poolseilers 9
¦;;: v; v : : Cases.
PaldTwenty-Five
Per Cent to One'
"Crimmains, 99
He Says He Got All
His .Information
From His Former
Partner in the Pool
Business.
fl£Ei? -? e i,V rouBh f out> but before he had
finished his testimony Rumble told the
whole inside working of the scheme.
He said he had known Valentine in
Butte, Mont. He said he met him there
°? i*" 1 "?^' 4 last on the sidewalk in front
of his place in Butte, and this conversa
tion took place between them:
/"Hello, Val."
"Hello, Humble."
"What are you doing now?"
"Oh, the same old game."
"Making any moneyP"
"You bet."
"What are you makingP Is it as
good as during the old times at
Platt's HallP"
"Well, I am making between
$3000 and $10,000 a month."
"How do you manage to run it?"
"Oh, I have to sugar up pretty
well."
"What percentage?"
"Twenty-five to a man named
Crimmins, -who is taking care of me."
Witness continued that the ' game car
ried on by Valentine was known as the
"tape" game, but it used to be called the
"clock" game.
He was then excused and his cross-ex
amination was deferred till this afternoon,
when the trial will be resumed.
Valentine and Rumble were formerly in
partnership In this city In a "clock" game.
They conducted their business In Platfs
Hall on Montgomery street, and it was
raided by the police in 1888. After that
they 'dissolved partnership and Rumble
started a "game" on Market street, near
Fifth. His place was also raided by the
police about seven years ago, which put
a quietus on the "game" for several years.
Phil Crimmins declares he knows noth
ing- about any protection afforded to the
bucket shops. He says he knows Valen
tine, but he has never met Rumble; that
he does not know him, and that he never
had anything to do with him.
"I never got a cent out of them," he
said last evening, "and I don't see how
this story came out. I don't know this
man Rumble, and I don't believe Valen
tine ever told him he was being protected.
Anyway, I have had nothing to do with
the business, and that's straight."
cursions Next Saturday.
Third of the Popular Ten-Dollar Ex-
ANOTHER TRIP
TO LAKE TAHOE
The ten-dollar excursions to Lake Tahoe
given by the Southern Pacific last week
and week before, have been the means of
attracting unusual numbers to that noted
resort, and with the deslro to favor as
many as possible. It has been decided to
give another next Saturday night, Aug.
4, under the same conditions.
Tickets areon sale at the Southern Pa
cific city ticket office. 613 Market street.
It should be borne in mind that this rate
is unprecedentedly. low — it is even absurdly
low, and does not pay the actual cost, and
all things considered it Is an opportunity
that few can afford to miss.
SAYS SHE SOLD HOUSE
AND ELOPED ON PROCEEDS
Mrs. F. Ii. Radcay of Kansas City
Arrested on Complaint of
Her Husband.
Mrs. F. L. Radcay was arrested last
night at 570 Minna street by Officer Mori
artv and was taken to the City Prison
with her two children. The arrest was
made on complaint of the woman's hus
band. -
Radcay alleges that while he was away
from his home In Kansas City two weeks
ago his wife sold his blacksmith-shop and
lodginp-house and eloped with another
man. He followed them to San Francisco
and succeeded in finding his recreant
spouse. The man In the case has disap
peared.
Late Stxpreme Court Cases.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down decisions in the following cases:
Mary' Sanguinetti vs. B. Glanelli, order
affirmed; Union Sheet Metal "Works vs. S.
C. Dodge et al., judgment affirmed; John
McGeary vs. John Satchwell, judgment af
firmed; Manuel Pereria vs. R. J. Wallace
et al.. Judgment affirmed; Long Beach
School District vs. Theodore Lutge et al
judgment reversed. Injunction dissolved'
and action dismissed; II. H. Daniels vs
Alfred K. Johnson ef al.,' judgment af
firmed.
Kennedy's Case Submitted.
J. F. Kennedy's action to enjoin the
Board of Fire Commissioners from
awarding to John O'Rourke contracts for
shoeing horses was" argued before and
submitted for decision to Judge Hebbard
yesterday.
Porter Committed No Fraud.
Several years ago George K. Porter, the
well-known merchant, formed the Porter
Land and Water Company and turned
over to the corporation 1600 acres of land
owned by him in San Fernando Valley.
Los Angeles County. Upon a survey belris
made It was found that there was 764
acres more In the portion sold than was
supposed. This Porter turned over to the
company. He received for the property
$40,650. In the company he held the posi
tions of president and director and held
three-fifths of the stock. W. L. "Wills and
other stockholders brought action against
Porter, claiming that there was fraud in
PAYS FOR "PROTECTION" FOR
HIS ILLEGAL "CLOCK" GAME
THE SAN FRAyciSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST* 1, 1900.
14
ADVERTISEMEHTS. V /\V '- ¦
LAST WEEK OF OUR
SEMI-ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING.
Our entire stock of GENUINE FRENCH
PRINTED ALL-WOOL CHALYS. all this
season's importation.
NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS, in Silk and Wool Novelties
and Silk and Wool Noveltu Crepons, all this season's
importation, all marked down to about one-half the
cost to import.
GENUINE FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES, latest de-
' signs, Scotch and Irish Printed Dimities, all
fast colors. •
LADIES' FINE' SHIRT WAISTS, In a good varletTJ of
colorings and styles, full assortment of sizes, all
marked doy/n to less than cost to import,
A large accumulation of REMNANTS OF BLACK, COL- ;
ORED AND FANCY RIBBONS, REMNANTS OF SWISS
NAINSOOK AND CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES will ha
sold this week at veru Low Prices.
III. 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Mrs. McGrath, of the City, of Paris Dry
Goods Co.'s "dress making department
leaves for Paris Thursday, August 3 on
a business trip. •
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell in the Field Again.
.This time for. Congressman from the
Fourth District. He is; a hard man to
heat.- California needs : him. in Congress
this year as^an experienced authority on
the Chinese and. Japanese question. •
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
3 times premiums Fj.pA
'"¦".- "WITH
Teas, Coffees,
SpicQs, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powdea*
3 times as many Preminras with Teat
3 times as many Premiatns with Ccffee
3 times as many Premiums with Spice
3 times as many Preainms with Extracts
3 times as many Premimns with Soda
3 a!'many Premiums with Bakinj Powder
Fresh Roasted Goffoos
*«>. 13. to, a 3 , 3o , ;„, 4<> ct ».
Puro Teas
S5» 4Qt SO. 6o, 70. 80 ct*. per I.t»
Spice, Baking Powder, Extracts.Mush
10. i5. »5, 4s eta, per Can
A. Kljf premium Olren %vltii
Every Pnrchuge
Cooa Time anil Place to Bny
Trlcea JCc-rer ao Cheap
Premlum» Nctcr ao aiany
Great ' Anediaa ' IedoUss Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Post).
S61 Market SU tOpp. Powell^ . ;•
140 Sixth St.
*55 Hayes St. US TUlrd St.
1419 Polk St. - 621 Montgomery A»«.
2516 Mission St. JK Larkln St.
J0C6 Sixteenth St. 1815. Devlsadero St. ¦:: .-•.;
J4S Ninth St. «5 Haleht St.
2008 Fillmore St. J!<« Mission St. • "
E2 Market St. »7.« 2Uh St. ,:.; ;
OAKLAND STORES. ;
1063 TVashtnrton St. 616 E. 12ta St.
1237 Broadway. "» 2M Aie. •!.". " : :
1510 Seventh St.. 1255 Park St.. Alame<S4.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
4- Room Furniture
for $98, ¦'. /¦.'¦>;
BKDHOOM— Eedrcora set. 1 piecw. hardwood;'
1 Rood Wire SprJnic I sood Top Manna, r
Pair Pillow*. ¦ • • ".- -.' . ¦-;
PARLOR—* pieces Omk or Mahogany Uphol- ¦•'.'
¦tered Set. - " • . : : ¦ '. :':.
DINING-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
( Oak Chairs. : ..
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. I No. 7 StOT«w a
Chain. •'.¦•-.. . :
No e-rtra chanre on rr#<1lt. ¦ ¦'-. :
— MAKK TOUR OWN TRKMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St. Near ."• Broadway. V
Open Evenings. ». :
dr.mqnulty:i
qiIH8 WEIUKNOWS AND KEl.IABr.F.OI,p :
J. s [if ci;il is c c ttrrx Prtvute. Nervous, unit Blood In*- -
***** of Men uni-i/. ' Cou» on Private Diseases and \
WeiiJtnesses of ilen.free. Over'-Oy'rt' experience. ¦ ¦
I'ntlenMcuredatHome. Terms rea»oim(?l«». IloursO a
tt>3daIly:6.30loS:»«»v'|r«. 8ii»hI.it». JOtoliConsnl-
tatlon free and sacredlrconfldentlnl. CiUl.oraddresa
P.UO8COK MrXUl.TY. M.O. •
2GIZ Kearnjr St., Kan Francisco, Cal.