The investigation closed with the ad
journment of court.' It had been long and,
exciting, and n strain upon the Judge and
the lawyers and all •concerned, and . It : was
.with ¦ a .sigh- of ; relief that ' the end was
greeted. Everyone : made statements for
himself and for, those "represented. ~ Every
one: had' a chance' to i explain',, to praise or
to ; blame," and everyone appeared satisfied
when the court's order. closed all business
until' to-day. ...... ..
-/Besides j Chretien's : confession, the only
JOHN M. CHRETIEN CONFESSES HIS CRIME.
a man of dignity, of standing and of
bright prospects. There were men
there who remembered him as one of
good fellowship, of brilliant attainments,
and there were men there who remem
bered him when he was expelled from
his club for having introduced a black
leg gambler into its rooms. There were
men there who probably thought of
the progress which he had made toward
an end which most men consider worse
than suicide. Some thought of John M.
Chretien as the domestic thief, the pur
loiner of his wife's diamonds, and other
thought of him as the unscrupulous,
unfeeling robber of an old woman.
Many temembered the cheap, petty
thief of a public fund, and others of thfc
reckless schemer who sought to use the
Police Department as a vehicle for bri
bery. All who knew him thought of him
as what he might have been and looked
at him as he was. despicable and at the
same time pitiable. He had reached the
end of his rope.
When Tlie Call published its expose
of the atrocious crime which had been
committed in Judge Troutt's Probate
Court, this paper did so with no other
motive than to assist in the punish
ment of rascals and to warn theXourt
that It has control of interests so deep
ly important to the community that
carelessness is akin to criminality. When
The Call asserted that the estate of a
dead man had been stolen by a bogus
heir from Judge Troutt's court, it spoke
the truth, which John M. Chretien con
fessed yesterday on the witness stand.
The Call asserted that the man to whdm
Judge Troutt had awarded the estate of
Joseph Sullivant was an impostor, a
drunken loafer, a roustabout of tender
loin saloons, named Charles Latner.
who was produced by Fred Hansted,
notoriously known as the blackleg,
"Your.g Dutchy."
John M. Chretien confessed yesterday
that th:s was the truth. He declared that
he 2?ked for no mercy and expected to
suffer for his crimes. He and Hansted
and the man who impersonated the dead
heir, he said, were the only guilty ones.
"Young Dutchy" had produced the heir
and Chretien had said he had done the
rest. He had supplied the impostor
with every fact in his representations
Latnrr was induced to make a deposi
tion which was carefully prepared by the
schemer. The bogus heir was persuaded
to sign the document and insist upon '{he
payment of what he claitned to be his
property. The inevitable development
of such affairs came, however, much
quicker than Chretien expected. The
bogus heir was improvident, extrava
gant and reckless. Knowing that he
had the unscrupulous attorney in his
j)o\ver. ''Young Dutchy" began to levy
blackmail. He was insistent in his de
mands for money, even resorting to
blows to enforce them. He forced the
scoundrel lawyer to secure loans, to ne
gotiate forged checks, to make fictitious
transfers and secure money from what
ever source he could. The men had
frequent quarrels and Chretien was be
ing gradually led toward a precipice
where exposure could not be possibly
avoided.
Jake Rauer was induced to advance
loans; Notary Lee D. Craig was per
suaded to issue fraudulent acknowledg
ments and Chretien's unsuspecting ne
gro servant was deluded into forging
signatures. It was imperative that
money should be raised at any hazard
and Chretien began to reap the evil
fruits of his crime long before exposure
came. In desperation he paid the bogus
heir money to leave the city, but the
impostor returned only to renew his
blackmail and to insist upon a satisfac
tion ol his demand. Hansted was per
suaded to go to Cape Nome, where he
now is, and the bogus heir was sent out
ol the State. Chretien was paying a ter
rible penalty for his offense against the
intestate dead.
Then came the final crash, and last
n:nht John M. Chretien and his negro
servant, Robert Colthorp, slept in the
County Jail. After Chretien had made
his confession, as it has been outlined,
ihc attorneys appointed by the Court
plied him with incessant questions.
They wanted to leave nothing undone
or unsaid which would shed light on the
scandalous affair. As one of them said,
the issue involved and the conclusions
sensation of the day was ¦when James
Taylor Rogers shortened up the wick in
his lamp of information and threw but
feeble light in the path of the investiga
tion. He was roasted for his attitude by
McEnerney, but Barclay Henley, who
acted as his attorney, came to his rescue
more than once, and turned what poignant
remarks MeEJnerne'y drove at the witness
into crossfire between attorneys.
Lee D. Craij*. the notary, was called to
tell how it was he acknowledged half a
dozen signature* without seeing the signer
sign and without Knowing ¦who he was.
but the notary had no explanation. He
was asked if hr had seen Sullivan and
asked him if he had signed, and Craig
said "Yes" altnoush Chretien had Just
said that "Sullivan" never went to Cralg'»
effice. He said. too. that Keane hal come
to him with Chretien to ask him to slpn
a receipt as a witness as well as to
acknowledge it immediately after Kear.e
said he had not been there in connection
with the Sullivan matter.
Ruef Explains.
Abe Ruef was another witr.es?. He hart
been" persistently guarding the interests
of his client. ex-Public Administrator
John A. Orinkbouse, from the opening of
the proceedings, and his first chance for
an explanation he eagerly selzrd upon.
He made a complete statement, of all that
happened in court, how he had waited for
Chretien and Rogers to settle their ques
tions of heirship between them, and how
he had never known the details of the
Rogers heirs, because Rogers would not
tell him, nor of John Sullivan, because
Chretien had him !n his own hands. His
statement cleared Drinkhouse artd him
self of any blame. In ' the .matter, and a
statement to that effect was made by the
investigating counsel.
Patrick Ryan of the Hibernia Bank was
also called to show- just ¦what the bank's
books really did show about the parent
age of the deceased Joseph Sullivan, but
he did not testify without a preliminary
explanation from Joseph Tobin. attorney
for the bank, who explained that the
bank's books were not usually brought
Into court, but that an exception would
be made in the matter pending.
That closed the day, and then Judpe
Troutt. in a few words, commented on the
case and expressed his sorrow that he had
ever appointed Chretien as an attorney for
absent heirs.
"It Is a mistake I shall regret all my
life," he said, and his voice choked. His
own position in the matter, he said, he
would ndt comment upon, nor would he
even allow the attorneys" who had con
ducted the Investigation to declare that
he had been shown to be absolutely
blameless.
"The court is subject to criticism," he
said, "and will not reply to it."
Then he dismissed the petition to dis
tribute the estate to John Sullivan. whJch
reopens the case, and appointed Cormae.
Donohoe & Baum. attorneys for the Brit
ish Consul, to look after Rogers" heirs.
Chretien's testimony was as follows:
Chretien's Confession.
Yesterday I called upon Captain Seymour
and Informed him that I was desirous of
making a statement and he declined to ac
cept it. I told him that I was prepared to
be here or anywhere that he might suggest
at -any hour, day or night. He asked me to
be here this morning at 9 o'clock at his office.
I was .there at 8:30 o'clock this morning. I
want to state that I come here freely and
voluntarily and whatever statement I make Is
of my own motion and of my own accord. I
have not been promised anything. I have not
seen any of the counsel connected with this
case in any way. shape or form, nor talked
with the Judge nor anybody representing him.
nor any. of the attorneys or newspaper men
or anybody connected with this case In any
way. shape or form. A-nd with that I wish to
make the following statement:
My connection with, this estate began the
day before I was appointed by Judge Troutt
to represent the absent heirs. Mr. Ruef In
formed me Jhat on the following morning he
was going to file a petition In the estate of
Joseph Sullivan and that he thought it would
be a gocd thing If I was appointed to repre
sent the absent heir*, as he would like to
ree me make a fee out of the case, as It
was a case where an attorney for absent heirs
Fhould be appointed. That is the only con
versation I had • with Mr. R>ie.*. The next
morning I cam" out with a blank application.
I called upon his Honor, Judge Troutt, In his
chambers a llttl» before 10 o'clock and I asked
him to appoint me In the case. He took the
application and looked at It and he said. "TTiJs
Is out of order." I said. "What do you mean."
He said, "I have a way of doing this. I
have first of all to Investigate and examine
into the estate and see If It Is necessary that
an nttorney should be appointed. After I
have discovered that an attorney Is to be ap
peJnted in the case I want to see that the
appointment Is agreeable to the pecple rep
resenting the estate. • It you will leave th!»
appointment with me. I will see the attorney—
who Is the attorney, by the way?" I said.
••The attorney for the Public Administrator.
Mr. Ruef." He said. "I will see Mr. Ruef or
his representative, examine into it and if it
ts proper and I think it t» right that you
should be appointed the appointment will be
given to Mr. McElroy. my clerk, and you will
be notified."
I picked up my hat and Just as I started for
the door Mr. Keane came in through the other
door. Mr. Keane is Mr. Ruef*s clerk. Judge
Troutt. said: "Mr. Keane. Mr. Chretien has
Just applied here to be appointed attorney for
the. absent heirs In -the Sullivan estate. Do
yon know anything about It?" Mr. Keane said:
"Well, be would be agreeable to us. In fact,
we would take it very kindly if he was ap
pointed.* Judge" Troutt then said: "Well. U
there- is no objection, under the circumstance*,
and you have thoroughly examined the papers
of the : estate and you know that an attorney
Is to be appointed?"
He said: "Tea, because there la an absent
Chretien's Appointment.
heir, and It fs absolutely necessary.** There
upon Judge Troutt signed the application and
I fllerl it. That is absolutely the only con
nection Judge Trcutt had with the case in
any way. »hape or form, until about the !4th
of Aug-jst. v.hen I called uprn him ag:iin
in his chan?.b?rs and asked him. giving him
that statement. If he would allow me a pre
liminary fee In the Sullivan estate. He looked
at th» statement and he vaJJ: 'The only way
you can do this is to make an affidavit set
ting forth all the farts, a copy cf which will
have tn be s?rve>l upon the attorney repre
senting the Public Administrator, and It will
have to be heart! In open court." He said: "I
den't want to make any orders for counsel fees
In my chambers." I saM: "I don't think Mr.
Ruef would have any objections to this."
••Well." he said. "I don"t care 'whether he
has or not, it a role I have established and
that I keep In force, and It is easy for you
ti-> make an affidavit and »erve It on the other
side and give them notice and have them pres
ent In court. I will hear it in the mnrning."
With that I went off and prepared the affidavit
that was reail here, of August 20. and s»rve:l
It upon Mr. Ru"f and aak^d him tf he would
be In court. He said he would.
Mr. Ruef appeared in court en the memirg
of August 23 here with me. I was put on the
stand arid questions were asked me by Jurt^e
Troutt cr.d Mr. Ruef. and the Judge asked me
how much I expected, what I thought would be
a reasonable fee. I saM 11^). He saM: "That
is entirely too much. Mr. Uuef, what do you
th!nk aixj'.n It? Mr. Ruef thought it over for
unit- a little while and finally said: "Well.
I tMnk I1C0 would be about right; It would be
acceptable to us." Judge Troutt said: "I
think $100 is not too much under the circum
stance*." With that he made an ordfrr allow
ing me fir*. That em2»4 Judce Troutfa con
nectfen with It as far as I am concerned in this
estate In any way, shape or fcrm. And I want
tr> eay now that the grossest kind of Injustice
has been done by the newspapers to Judg<9
Troutt in this matter.
How the Combination Progressed.
The next Derson Interested is Mr. Ruef. Mr.
Ruefs only connection with it was making that
suggestion that I be appointed attorney for
absent heirs. Barring that. Mr. Ruef has had
nothing whatever to do In this matter with
me. exceptinz that he has be*n very strict
In every possible way that he could In the
estate. And as far as I am concerned. I know
positively that he did not know of this al
leged Mr. Sullivan, or anybody else connecte.l
with the estate excepting what I representet
to h!m. Mr. Drlnkhouse Is absolutely cut of
It. I never had anything to do with Mr.
Drlnkhouse In any way. shape or form, except
ing as the Public Administrator, when I went to
him and presented my order for the $100 and
one or two other conversations I had with
him. That Is t!*e only thing I had to do with
Mr. Drinkhouse. The only connection I hz<t
with Mr. Roa-ers was when he served the
notice uson me. I asked ' him when he would
have proofs. That was. 1 think. eaTly In Oc
tober. He said that he would have "them in
October, or whenever the time waa I have
forgotten when the time was. but he said
within two or three months. When this matter
came ud I went to see him and he told me he
ha.l not been able to make connection* yet
he had not been able to get all the proofs that
he wanted and would 1 give him more time
and so then we all agreed to let the matter
stand over until the end of AnrtU
At that time I went to Mr. Ro C er» and de
manded his proof, and he said whatever state
ments he had to make he would file a paner in
court, which I believe he did: it was n<-ver
served on me that I know of. but he filed it la
court oa the day of the hearing. I asked Mr
Rogers why he had changed Ms mind In refer
ence to It; In fact. It was asked him here In
open court in my presence, and he said that
Mr. Rauer bad convinced him by examlnln
the records of the Hibemta Bank that the
facts set forth b7 the alleged Mr. Sullivan were
correct. I or Mr. Hansted. or any one that I
know of. never gave Mr. Rogers one dollar that
I know of.
Mr. Rauer'* only connection with the cas«*
was that of a money broker, that Is. advancing
money In the estate. He took no. part to any
transaction otherwise. Judge Goucher was at
my office twice— I said once yesterday, but I
recollected afterward that he had been there a.
second time. The first time he was Introduced
to me; the second time he came up after the
final account had been filed he brought me
a copy of It. That was the only time that I
have seen Judg-e Goucher.
Mr. McEneraey— He brought yon a copy oC
the final account?
He brought me a *ynops!» of the account that
had been filed by the Public Administrator, and
Mr. Hansted had come out here. It appears,
with him In the morning, and then he brought
the memorandum on half a. sheet of yellow
r«r«r.
I don't know of anybody else to speak of now
In connection with the case. I think these ara
all the people that were connected with the
case. I want to exonerate all of those people
that I have mentioned as far as I am concern
ed personally, and to say that I know that
nothing was done In It that they had any con
nection with.
Chretien Takes the Blame.
Whatever wrongj has been done has been
done by myself and Mr. Hans ted. I want to
exonerate the colored man who testified yes
terday, and I want to «ay furthermore that hts
ftatement was absolutely true from beylnnlnR
to end. and whatever harm and wrong has been
done has been mine, and I am the only man
to sufTcr: I am the. only man that ought to be
blamed for this entire thlntr. That Is all I have
Kot to say, gentlemen, and I am ready to an
swer any Questions you have.
Mr. LJoyd— Here Is a deed purporting to be
stcned by "John Sullivan, sole." surviving heir
and brother of Joseph Sullivan, deceased." to
J. J. Uauer. Who signed the name of John Sul-
Ha an to that? Robert Colthorp. the colored
nmn. at my request.
Did you «ay anything to him about the pur-
Itfce for which you desired him to si*n the
name of John Sanivan? Xo. »lr; he did net
know.
This boy had been cleaning oat yonr office for
r £nc time, had he not? Tea. sir; for a number
or years.
You knew him rery well? Very wen, and
he would Co asyihir.it I asked Urn to do. Ha
did not know what he was doing.
Then did he go before the notary. Lee D.
Crals? No. sir.
Then that certificate waa mzulo without——
THE expose made by The Call of a
shocking crime committed by pro
bate sharks upon the unprotectcl
dead in this city ended yesterday in a
in Judge Troutt's court One
of the scoundrels whose pernicious oper
ations have been a menace to the living
and the dead in San Francisco talked
Jiis way within the gates of San Quentin.
while he submitted himself to the cruel
degradation of making a public confes
sion in the presence of hundreds of men.
This man, seemingly unconscious of his
terrible humiliation, brazen in his de
fiance of eventhing that his self-respect
could command, was John M. Chretien
and last night he slept in the County
Jail. The outrageous affair had reached
its climax.
The proofs submitted by The Call and
the facts discovered at the investigation
had broken down the most audacious
conspirator of them all and he confess
ed his guilt. He admitted that in var
ious ways he is a scoundrel, a rascal, a
forger, n perjurer and a thief of danger
ous accomplishments. When he took
the witness stand and from mouth tn
mouth went whispered words that lie
was about to admit his guilt, he was the
o-ol-it. ca'm^st, most unconcerned man
in the courtroom. His agitation of the
day before had passed away. His shift
less, restless, unhappy efforts at subter
fuge and evasion had disappeared. lib
pleading for mercy by indirection was
gone. There was net, as there had been
the nervous twitching of the lips, the
mumbled words that could hardly find
expression; twisting of the hands and
convulsive movements of the body
¦which had characterized his demeanor
of the dry before. He had passed that
stage in his experience where there was
left still some sign of hope.
He was governed by the desperate
calmness of despair and was resigned
to accept the humiliation of public con
tempt, which, as he progressed in his
recital of guilt, was not unmixed with
pity. There has seldom been in a court
of San Francisco a more dramatic spec
tacle as was there presented, when this
rnan. facing hundreds of people, whom
he had known for years upon a plane of
good fellowship and social equality, ut
tered the words which condemns him as
the most miserable of thieves — a robber
of the dead.
Absolutely self-possessed, calm to the
verv point of absolute unconcern, he ad
mitted that he had organized the con
spiracy to rob the estate of Joseph Sul
livan, to impose upon the Probate Court
and to commit a shocking crime upon
the community. He confessed that in
conjunction with a blackguard of the
tenderloin and a drunkard, whose inter
vals of sobriety were remote, he had
conspired to produce a bogus heir: ha«l
induced men to commit forgery, had be
come a perjurer, had fabricated false
documents, had presented fictitious
claims, had negotiated fraudulent
checks, had schemed for and won from
one of the shrewdest money brokers
money equal to the value of the estate
and had ended by finding himself in the
torment of being blackmailed and
hounded from place to place by the men
who had been his fellow conspirators.
He gave every "shocking detail of the
plot by which he robbed the estate of
the dead man. With insulting calmness
he told how he had lied on the witness
stand the day before; how he had de
ceived ether attorneys and the Judge of
the court; how he had rhade an ignorant
servant his unsuspecting and unknown
accomplice in his criminal scheme. The
courtroom was crowded to its very
doors by hundreds of men, but there
was absolute silence except for the de
liberate, well-chosen, unblushing, con
fessing words of scoundrelism which
were uttered by the man in the witness
chair. It seemed almost incredible that
a man could have sunk so' low as to
submit to the terrible self-abasement hi
John M. Chretien. He seemed to pos
sess a very lust for dishonor. He was
eager to picture himself far blacker
than any of his accusers would have
done. He presented, perhaps, the most
remarkable instance of a dead con
science that ever was given in the local
/ courts of justice. He had gone the pace.
There were men in that courtroom
who knew him when he was an hon
orable m ember of the legal profession;
The Dishonored Attorney Re=
lates in Detail How He
Formed the Conspiracy and
Organized the Shameful Plot
to Rob the Estate of the
Intestate Bead.
Shocking Story of Deliberate
Fraud Planned by Unscrupti=
lous and Crafty Schemers to
Enrich Themselves Dishon
estly Through the Aledium of
the Probate Court/
Dramatic CoedMsioe in Judge TroMtt 9 s, Court to the levesta
. gatioe of the Sensational Charges of Fraud -
• - Preferred Iw The ' CalL ¦
Cs/ jr.
CHRETIEN CONFESSES HIS CRIME
AND IS PLACED UNDER ARREST
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 42.
to be leached were of interest not alone
to the people of the city, but to the en
tire State. The very foundation of jus
tice in California had, been attacked and
undermined and the attorneys insisted
upon striving to learn every particular
of the conspiracy. As this searching in
quiry progressed a series of startling
facts was developed. It was discovered
that Lee D. Craig, one of the most
prominent notaries public in this city,
has been grossly negligent in the man
agement and policy of his notarial busi
ness. It was shown that he had affixed
his signature to documents signed by
men whom he had never seen. He had
left the door open for a palpable fraud
and the conspirators had jumped
through it.
When Chretien had finished his con
fession, which was listened to in silent
interest by hundreds of astounded men,
the Court ordered him into the custody
of the.. Sheriff to await future proceed
ings: The colored man, Robert Col
thorp, was also arrested, and with
Chretien,. was taken last night to the
County Jail.
A remarkable condition of affairs has
resulted from this sensational', case.
Chretien is in the County Jail, but there
is no charge against him. He cannot
be detained without accusation very
long and the police and District Attor
ney Byington are at sixes and sevens as
to what to do. The police insist that it
is the duty of the District Attorney to
call a meeting of the Grand Jury at once
and indict the imprisoned lawyer. Dis
trict Attorney Byington replies that
such a course of action is not his duty.
but that a complaint should be made
against Chretien by some of the inter
ested parties and proceedings could be
begun at once. The police retort that
such a procedure would delay the mat
ter unwarrantably long in the Police
Courts. Here the matter stands, but it
is probable that some. decision will be
reached to-day.
During- the investigation yesterday,
James Taylor. Rogers was also examined
and gave his version of his connection
with the sensational, scandalousprobate"
crime. During his- examination the
books of the Hibernia Bank ! were ' pre-.
scnted in court. Joseph S. Tobitv the
acting Mayor, had custody: of. these rec
ords and declared that he wanted the
Court to understand distinctly that - he
had answered the summons to bring the
records into court" only throughTcour-
tesy and not to create a precedent for
further demand. His remarks were con
sidered to be particularly opportune. He
said that the bank has found it abso
lutely necessary to keep these records
awaj r from the eager .eyes of scrutiniz
ing, scheming, corrupt scavenger law
yers, who use their information to steal
estates. A significant buzz of comment
passed -through the room at these re
marks and the ordinary incidents of the
r.ftcrncon wen* resumed. It was not
long before the whole story of crime,
conspiiacy and theft had been told. The
investigation was closed. Every grave
allegation which The Call had . made
had been proved, and for the expose
which this paper had given Judge
Troutt expressed his thanks. - f
A ring of thieving lawyers had been
destroyed. A warning had been given
to those who might seek to emulate the
evil success of these. conspirators. The
reputable members of the bar had been
aroused to a sense that a, crime reflect
ing., deeply upon them , had been com
mitted and must' be exposed. The court
had been, convinced; that in matters as
sacred and as. serious as is the care and
protection" of the property of the 'dead,
the most absolute -vigilance must, be ob
served. And when; John M. Chretien
was taken from the courtroom in which
he had practiced as an honorable law
yer to the County- Jail, malefactors such
as he had. reason to fear that it. is dan
gerous to rob ' the property of the in
testate, dead. ¦ , •
"W • w, THATEVEB wrong has been
.%'/¦% /• done has been done by my
self • and ' Mr. Hansted.
Whatever harm, and wrong 1 has been
done has-been mine, arid I am the
only man to 'suffer. I am the only
man that ought: t<S b8 blamed for this
"entire- thing. .That is all I have .to
say, gentlemen, and I am willing, to
answer any questions you have.-
That was the: confession made by John
M. Chretien", before. Judge Troutt yester
day.-. He. had exonerated everybody, even
to the unfortunate negro whose greatest
crime J was . the doing of his | and
then /when he came to himself and Han
sted lie took theblame. . .
Chretien's- story was not all told, for
back of it there is the suggestion of Han
sted's', demand for money and his 'threat
of if ; it was not paid; ; .- v. v
? : Chretien .confessed that'he'got $400 from
the estate,^but he paid; dearly: for. it., <It
must have been worth J400 tohave^Outchy.
callihg s every day, demanding, money when'
there 1 was no -money, '(and threatening to
tell the whole? dfsfjraceful affair;, if . the
money were not'fourid somewhere. Chre-
tien could not get it from the estate, so
he/went to Rauer, and before Rauer
would pay it the miserable sinner had to
sin again and again, and forgery, per
jury, false representations and deceit of
every kind marked his headlong career
toward publicity and the penitentiary.
It' was the most dramatic scene that
has ever, been enacted in a local court.
"When the Judge called for order Chretien
stepped forward. It was announced that
he had a statement to make, and permis
sion to make it was granted, and then for
nearly all the morning the man testified
against himself, taking all the blame and
offering only this explanation, "I must
have been crazy."
A Dramatic Recital.
There was not a sound In the courtroom
during the recital. There -was not a man
to leave his place through those hours of
self-accusation; there was not a word lost
upon the throng that filled the courtroom,
stood along- the rails and overflowed Into
the lobby and from there Into the corri
dor. They sat and stood and stared—
open-mouthed, open-eyed — and watched
the man who had started so well, talk
himself behind prison bars and Into a
convict's garb. .
There was no hesitation In Chretien's
manner. He had made up his mind and
the relief which a final decision brings
with it had restored the 'nerve so badly
shaken' by the searching questions of
Tuesday. H«? told a plain, straightfor
ward tale, without attempt to shield him
self and without regard to its effect upon
his future. It was not a nice story. : It
was a story of as cold-blooded and "dev
ilish a swindle as ever robbed a grave,
and sympathy for' the self-accuser was
burled under the ever increasing convic
tion that he had forfeited all claims to
sympathy. He told how Sullivan was
found,- how he was coached, how his
fraud progressed and. how the negro Col
thorp signed his name whenever neces
sary. -
And then, when he had made his state
ment, the lawyers took him In hand and
plied question after question, searching
into every point and every, situation, and
sparing neither the witness nor his part
ners in crime. ;
The end of It all was an order that
Chretien-be placed 1 in tho custody of the
Sheriif. there to await ;the fate the fu
ture has ! for hlm. r His punishment has
not been, decided: upon, but It will hot be
long before Chretien approaches the bar
where for so .long: he honorably pleaded,
not as a lawyer, respected 'and esteemed,
but as a man upon whom the shadow of
the penitentiary has already fallen.
The Investigation Closed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.- Before you took the deposition In Ruef'd of
fice did you go over the facts of the ca.«e with
this Ilutchy's Sullivan; No, sir. The only
question 1 nsked him was about his mother.
Before . the deposition was taken you had
been to Mr. Joseph ?. Tobln at the Kibernii
Bank, hnd you not? Yes. fir.
What pa:<Fed between . vou »»nd Mr. Tobin?
1 went up to Mr. Tobln nnd Fa Id: "I have an
estate." I showed him my authority, my ap
jioiutment by th« court, anri I asked him If
It was porsible to find out the maiden name
of the mother of the deceased and he nakl:
"Wliy it !b against «he rult-e. T can't do.lt
for anybody." 1 raid: "I am very anxious to
find out, and the estate Is b?int? closed." .•"Oh.
well," be salrt. "that is all right. I tHpught
it was for the application for letters <ifc ad
ministration, or something:.",, I *?r.ld: "No, sir;
the estate is about to be closed. It will be
closed within a month or two." So h<- snld'
"If the account is closed downstairs and we
hav-» no money, why there is nr> objection to
it.' You can right downstairs and ask."
ROGERS READS HIS REMARKABLE PETITION.
JUDGE TROUTT THANKS
PRESS AND ATTORNEYS
And you never heard anything about that
power of attorney? No.
And when you testified yesterday that that
had bef-n signed and Bowden had It. that was
not true, was it? Yes, It had been signed.
Did the man sign it down in San Jose? Ko,
sir; he had figned it. here.
And Rowden still -has that document? I pre
eume he has.
Who Figned that? Mr. Colthorp.
He v.-as to go In ,to a notary public and ac
knowledge that the signature of Colthorp was
his own. What was your Idea in using this
negro boy for all these signatures? Well,
really, I couldn't tell you; I think I was crazy,
that is all.
Well. >ou needed similarity of signature,
didn't you? No; I think I was crazy; 1 have
come to that conclusion.
Dutchy Tried Blackmail.
When did you first have a talk with Dutchy
and I>utchy's Sullivan to the effect that or
course Putchy'p Sullivan was not Sullivan at
all? Not until after I had ppoken to Mr. Ruet
and everybody else concerned and had been to
the bank and everywhere elfe. and he had got
quite a little money; then he wanted S.W more:
h«« had to have (» And then he simply black
mailed me, that was about the size of it. He
pays. "I have got you. and you have got to go
through with this thine."
Who told' you that, he did? Yes, I was slm
{•ly blackmailed nut of it, that Is all.
When was it that he said he had to have
VM more? When he got It from Mr. Rauer:
I tried to get n from Mr. Ruef and li-s wcullu't
erive it to me
Did you gft your first money from Rauer be
fore or after the deposition was taken? Afte*
the deposition was taken.
The first mon«y that you got wflf $500. Is
that rieht. fcr an J^W assignment In the es
tate? Yes.
What ti»canie of -{hat $300: how was It «li-
Dr Weatherly feels aggrieved that his
name should have been used by John M.
Chretien in a manner which may cast re
flection upon it. Dr. Weatherly says that
hi*» connection with the scandalous affair
was purely casual and perfectly Innocent.
He met Chretien on the street one day and
was as»ked if he knew any one of promi
nence in London. He gave the names of
Messrs. Rennett and Walker and wishing
to assist Chretien wrote to them. Further
than this he had absolutely nothing to tio
with the odious affair.
Weatherly'9 Answer.
Mr Lloyd — As I. understand It the counsel are
relieved from any further duties In the mat
ter
The Court— The counsel, of course, under
stand my feeling!" In thla matter, and the bar
at large undoubtedly appreciates the services
so generously rendered here In the interest of
the profession and of the court.
Mr Ruef-I think It is due to your Honcr
that the counsel here should state that It is
evident, and the testimony has disclosed it.
that your Honor was absolutely Imposed upon
here, and that no blame can attach to you
at all fcr any of the proceedings here ta this
court taken by your Honor.
The Court— I do not desire any such state
ment and I do not want to impose any further
service upon coursel. The facts have been de
veloped, and if the court here is entitled to
criticism however harsh, the court will sub
mit to it at all times. I shall never imouan
the- motives of any newspaper when they criti
cize the actions of the Juds» here or anYhody
else in this court. I am sattsfied that they will
endeavor to do Justice, and if they wrontr any
body they will do so Inadvertently. I will al
ways try 'to do my public duty as I see and
understand it and endeavor to Prevent fraud
being perpetrated upon the court. -The action
of the press in this matter Is something that I
think has been of great advantage to tha com
munity.
On the motion of Mr. Ruef the order
that the property be distributed to John
Sullivan was set aside, so that the matter
may remain open until the true heirs are
found, when a new order of distribution
will be made.
On the sufCReatlon of Mr. Lloyd the set
tlement of the account was also put over,
with the same object In view:
The Court— I vouM like to say *fter this
very serious and thorough tnve*ti*ation that
I am grateful to the distinguished Krf abla
attorney, who ha.ve assisted the court in pr,,
duclnK th* evidence bearing upon the ma " e ,T*
in controversy. This evidence has disclosed the
glarins fact that a Bro?s fraud has been per
petrated upon this court. While at all times
I am anxiously on my guard against any at
tempted wrong-doing and try to avoi.1 mis
takes. It ifms that in connection with this es
tate an attorney at law. an appointee or thts
court, has conspired with others in an effcr.
to obtain wrongful possession of the property Ot
this estate. Fortunately, however, thanks tr>
the <ially press and to Mr. Ruef. attorney for
the Public Administrator, whose care and cau
tion have been admirable and wise, the estate
is still in the hands of tha Public Administra
tor. In the custody of the law.
Mr Ruef— It Is In the Union Trust Cnmpajy
Bank. If your Honor please, and has been tnera
since it was first received.
The Court— While I am always ready to n?.p
raise a fallen man and give him a helping nan 1
that I made a mistake In appointing:, a year
aro last May. this particular attorney at law.
John M. Chretien, to act in the interest o! tht
ceurt and tn that of Justice. It is an appoint
ment which I shall regrret more than wor<!» can
express for the rest of my life. Punishment,
wilt haWto be inflicted, not only as a p»naity
for this wror-t-dointr, but also to deter others
frcm following such an example. This decr<"»
of distribution and the order settling the final
account having been set aside, I will at this
Hire »et down for hearing both the applica
tion for settlement of the final account anl
for distribution for Monday week.
Drinkhouse Exonerated.
Abe Ruef was the last witness cf
the day.
He made a full explanation of the
whole connection of the office of John
A. Drinkhouse, the then Public Ad
ministrator, with the estate of John
Sullivan, and his explanation was ac
cepted as full and complete. Mr. Ruef
then put in a word for Mr. Knox.
"Nobody suspects Mr. Knox," said
Mr. Lloyd.
Mr. Ruef— Well, do you suspect
me? That is what I want to know.
Is there any suspicion about me in
your mind?
Mr. Lloyd— Why, of course I think
you have entirely cleared yourself in
this matter. "- I "
Mr. Ruef— Then, of course, I don't
want to say any more.
The Court — Well, that is sufficient
then.
This ended the testimony and Judge
Troutt then said:
The question struck home, but Henley
came to the rescue of the witness. m«
idea was lost in a maze of lawyers
wrangling and Rogers waa saved from
answering.
Do you think it is any less repre
hensible for a lawyer without pay
or fee or reward to permit an estate
to bs robbed in a court where he prac
tices than it would be for him to per
mit it to be robbed upon the payment
of a fee?
nied that he ever received any "jo"^
from any one in any connection witn me
"Now," said McEnerney. -I am golns to
ask you one more question."
the Peace.
"Jake"' Rauer. his nephew. E. VT.
Graef: William Michaelson. proprietor of
thj Saratoga Stables at T^irkin and Geary
strrets: John Keane, who claims he is a
salesman, and Richard Garrity. an ex
pmploye of Rauer, engaged In a brawl last
evening In Mlchaelson'* stable. All the
men but Garrity were arrested by Officer
Gardiner ami charged with disturbing the
n«ace. I-ater Mtchaelson put up &> cash
bail for each member of the party.- 1
Rauer and Gracf drove into Michae*
son's stable to put up their horse. As
they were coming out Garrity made an In
sulting remark to Rauer. Graef Jumped
at Garrity and then Keane took a hand.
Rauer's nephew was getting the worst o*
It when Rauer joined In. Rauer struck
Keane on th© jaw and knocked him sense
less. At this moment Michaelson appear
ed and joined the Rauer forces. Garrity
fled. At the police station Garrity turned
up and asked to be locked up with the
rest. Officer Gardiner refused to put. a
charge against the man. as he was not
there when the fracas occurred. It \%
claimed that Rauer used a hammer, ob
tained form a near-by blacksmith shop.
The money-broker denies this allegation.
His Nephew, Himself and Three
Others Arrested for Disturbing
"JAKE" RAUER TAKES PART
IN A LIVELY FREE FIGHT
OLD STREET-CAR BARNS '
ARE DESTROYED BY FIRE
The old car barns on Brs^an street,
near Seventh, were practically destroyed
early this morning by a fire, the origin of
which Is at present unknown. As soon as*
the blaze was discovered an alaim was
turned in from box 152. The Fire Depart
ment could do but little, however, beyond
protecting adjoining property from the-
Hames and the buildings are practically a
total loss.
The old car barns were large frame
structures, which for some time past had
been occupied by junkmen and scaven
gers. It i» supposed that a cigar stump
cast among the inflammable contents waa
responsible for the destruction of the old
buildings.
Ancient Buildings on BTannan Street.
"Near Seventh, Are Almost a
Total Loss.
About four hundred ladies and gentle
men met In the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building last, nlsht to witness
the installation of the officers- of Rin
con Parlor by. Deputy Grand President
\V. J. Wynn. assisted by L. F. Serlcano
as irrand marshal. The new 'officer* are-
P. F. Mertes. past president; J. \V. korta"
president; Charles Clancy. A. J. Rocca
and John llannan. vice presidents- J
Mannion. marshal: L. K. HaEenkamp'. rel
cording, and William Koley. financial sec- !
retary: Thomas H. Vivian, treasurer" J
McNamara. inside, ana J. Welch, outside J
sentinel: Henry Raccoulliat and \V. A.
Peake, trustees.
Hincon Parlor Installs.
Not waiving any right now, because I con
ceive that you have no right to ask this ques
tion outside of matters concerning' this inves
tlgation. I think that la the only matter which
has ever come to me from Mr. Beckett In any
shape, as I now recall it, and that came in a
peculiar way that I do not care to go into. It
was honorable on his part, and nothing wrong
In It. •
. McEnerney then turned to the trip to
the Hibernia Bank that Rogers said he
made with Rauer, but he got but Uttle
satisfaction from It. Rogrers said he went
there and came back attain: that he saw
a clerk named Ryan, but when Ryan was
asked to stand up In the courtroom Rog
ers could not identify him. Rogers de-
Mr. McEnerney-Well. I think it is. I Just
want to show the course of practice, that he
possibly asreed to B ive f^ni £*ckett a com
mi*«ion for this kind of inTormatlon.
The WUness-Well. If I did. It would be none
of your business in this matter
Mr. McKnerney-Well. it rnl*ht be some of
the business of the court. Mr. Ro B ers. This
whole proceedlnK Is none of my business, but
U I- a tfMd deal of the business of the people
of the State of California and the Judge of
this court, and the court itself. I don't know
why Mr Beckett in Blvinpr Mr. Rogers infor
mation before the man Is cold. I think we are
Sto know It. I think the whole course
of the probate proceedings in thl^ court and
n the courts of California ou K ht to be inquired
Into. We ought to know how these things an:
d °\lT Henley-Well, you have jrot a bigger Job
on your hands than I think you want.
Mr McEnerney— Well. I know, but with your
kind aid and advice. I will go through with it.
the summer, not being over.
Mr Henley— There Is a little too much of a
l»ctu're in this thing, it seems to me. and this
harancue by my learned friend Is something
that this witness ourIU not to be subjected ti».
Thi<« witness If he wants to. ran walk out of
thi-« court now. and the reason why he Is on
the' stand Is to assist in the exposure of any
W The 8 'cou«-And that Is why I believe that
Ml*. Rogers will now answer the question. The
court desires to know what the course of busi
ness connected with these things is.
Mr Henley— Any testimony that this wit
ness 'gives In this investigation is purely volun
tary There is no compulsory process that can
reach any witness in thismatter. Mr. Rogers
Is here to tell everything that He knows, but he
Is not here to be subjected to disrespectful allu
sion or any manner of disrespect, and I claim
the protection of the court for him.
Mr Ruef— I desire to have that question an
swered. Mr. Beckett is one of my employes.
The Court — Mr. Rogers will be exonerated
from any criticism on the part of Mr. Beckett
or anybody else in connection with an attempt
to throw light on the proceedings In this de
partment or any other department. I desire to
get all the light I can of Mr. Rogers concern
ing these matters, and if there is anybody
offering any such Inducements to anybody I
would like to know it. in the Interest of public
Justice.
Mr. Rogers— Well, if your Honor please, my
own private business outside of this case I do
not propose to ko Into.
Mr. McEnerney— Do you decline to answer,
Mr. Rogers?
Mr. Roger?— I decline to answer. My busi
ness outside of this case is not concerned here
In any way, shape or form. What concerns
this case I am ready to tell, but I do not pro
pese to open my office to any Inquiry as to
everything that may have been done in the last
twenty years.
Mr. McEnerney— I think that the time Is ripe
and the inquiry pertinent to know whether the
attorneys who practice In this department and
in department nine and represent foreign heirs
find their employment through the speed and
diligence of their typewriters, aided a ad abetted
by employe* in the office of a^public official
upon an agreement, express or implied, for a
division of the compensation.
Mr. Ruef— Representing the public official re
ferred to, w» invite the inquiry; we ask that
the witness an?wer the question. We state
that no such agreement was ever made, and
cannot be proven to have been made, with our
knowledge. We hope that Mm Rogers will see
his way clear to enlightening 'the court upon
this proposition. We have absolutely no
knowledge of any such agreement.
The Court— What say you. Mr. Rogers?' Are
you willing to give the court assistance, con
sidering what the matter now under investi
gation Is?
Mr. Rogers— I am perfectly willing to assist
justice, but I deny the right of this court to
go probing Into my private business. I know
my rights perfectly. I will answer any ques
tion that concerns this matter.
Being further appealed to by Mr. Ruef,
Mr. Rogers finally answered : .
I said I didn't know whether they would do
It. He said that was all right, and he called
up some clerk and th» clerk went downstairs
and I handed the order of appointment to the
clerk and he went off somewhere. He was
gone quite a lon>? while. He said there was a
lot cf Joseph Suilivans. but finally Identified
It and fcaid thit the money had been paid to
Mr. Ruef or to Mr. Drinkhouse. at least. 8o»e
time' prior to that.
You did not have any Information about the
maiden name of Sullivan's mother at that
time, did you? No. sir: I did not.
And you did not give any such information
to the Hlbcrnia, Bank? No, they, gave it to
me.
When dM you get that Information? Prior
to the taking of the deposition.
Did you give that information to Dutchy?
Yes, sir, and he gave it to Sullivan.
You gave it to him so that Sullivan might
know the maiden name of his mother? I did.
So he would be able to testify to it on the
taking of his depcsitlon? Ye». sir.
Will you describe this man. Uutchy'9 Sul
livan? He \va» a tbin man. with very nar
row features, with a rather heavy light mus
tache, rather thick brown hair. I should think.
it was not black, and rather delicate hands:
dressed in black; 1 always saw him dressed
in black.
Where did you meet him bfiides at your
office and besides at Ruef's office? In front
of the cigar store of Rome Harris.
Did you. before taking his deposition, ask
him what country he was born in and ko
over in a general way what he would be able
to testify to on the taking of the deposition?
No. sir, I don't think I did. because Dutchy
said to me. "You ask him any question -you
want to."
He was well crammed. You understood that
he was well prepared for It? Well. I don't
know; Dutchy said, "Just go ahead and ask
him anvthinu," and I did.
Where? At Mr. Kuefs office. th« first time
I talked to him. I never spoke to him before
on this proposition.
What was the reason for sending up for
this man to Sacramento? What did you want
him down here for? Why was that deposition
taken? That deposition was taken at the re
qufst of Mr. Ruef, who said that he would
not advise Mr. Drinkhouse to pay out a dol
lar or let any money be paid or counsel any
thing to be paid until he was satisfied that he
W-H.S the man and he wanted hia deposition
Was anything said In that conversation that
he would not file a petition for distribution
until the man's dt position was taken and hla
Identity established by his oath? I don't think
so. I don't think he .'aid that.
Had Mr. Rauer ever seen the man until the
deposition was taken? His father saw him
when we first took him over there. I think
that was the first time I saw him.
Rogers on the Stand.
The afternoon opened with a call for
James Taylor Rogers. He had been
• called just before the noon recess, but
Barclay Henley announced that he was
for the 'present Rogers' attorney, and n?
would not allow hla client to go on the
stand until he had had a consultation with
him. So when in the afternoon Ropers was
called agaJn. the consultation had. been
had and there was no objection. The wit
ness pulled up a table, spread tt deep with
his papers and started in to complete nis
testimony in regard to his correspondence
In search of Sullivan's hHrs. '
He said the information that there
might be a Sullivan heir in Soho square,
London, he received from Sam Beckett.
He was then questioned closely as to why
he did not notify the court of what he
had heard from Ann Sullivan— that the
onlv Sullivan in Soho square was dead—
and all the answer Ropers would give
was that he had told the court in his pe
tition to have the estate distributed to
them. Then it turned out that all there
was to that effect in the petition was the
conventional allegation that the Chretien
heirs were "false and without right, and
a minute after it developed further that
this petition was never filed in court, al
though copies of it had been served on
both Ruef and Chretien.
A line of inquiry into why it was that
he suddenly dropped hia case for the heirs
was tlwn pursued, and for half an hour
Rof-ers was busy explaining that thej .had
not answered his letters, and therefore
he was not bound to help them: ajid rur
ther, that he had asked for a co Jtinuanoe
and if it were granted he could proceed
to die his heirs up again, and if it were
not granted it would be reversible error
in his opinion. Also that Rauer s potent
arguments at the Hibernia. Bank and the
information he had secured there made
him f-el that his heirs were not the right
O1 Then McKnerney became personal.
C °i)irt' vou receive any money from lUner on
May 4? Uhe day of the bank visit) No, not
In this connection.
LVyoVever^vV anVWment wUn Mm
about your discontinuance of this ca«e for
T?d y you N m-ake r - a practice of wttlnit Informa
tlon about the estate, of the deceased from
clerks in the Public Administrator's office, di
viding the proceeds? No, sir.
Had Mr. Beckett given you Informal on be
fcre that time as to other estates? Well, that
does not matter.
Mr Henley— That Is not material.
A Commission Business.
there Is nobody out here that you grant to
see." w
You never cot to Evergreen? Well, as I told
you yesterday, we got within about a mile
of It.
You didn't see Evergreen: you don't know
what Evergreen consists of, do you? Well, I
could see a church and school house.
Your testimony yesterday that anybody had
told you that there were people down th?re
who knew Joseph Sullivan was, untrue? No-,
sir: that tailor told me that he had some
friends in Santa Clara County.
- Did you think J*bu would find them over at
Evergreen? No sir; afterward when I told
Uutrhy ahnut that he said, "That is over to
KvpTKreen where he Is."
Rut you did not ko to Kverpreen to hunt for
pny friends of Sullivan: you went there to find
Dutchy's Sullivan, didn't you? Yes, sir.
You sent a power of attorney down to Bow
ili>n? Yes, with the letter.
I>id you tell Dowdcn to write to Kvergreen
to have this follow come In? Yes, sir.
Anl sign this deposition? Yes, and the next
thing I got was that letter from Mr. Rowden.
that he brought Mr. Sullivan In the office, or
at least this man. and introduced him as Mr.
Sullivan, and I thereupon took him over to
Mr. Ruefs, us I stated in my testimony yes
terday: Mr. Ruef was not there: we waited
for quite a long while a.nd did not see Mr.
Ruef. Mr. "Dutchy" was downstairs. And
after that I never f-aw this man alone.
"Dutrhy" was; always with him. I never kn'vr
where he lived or anything. "Dutchy" faid.
"Any timo you want me or want him you
telephone for n-.e and I will have him there."
Sullivan, didn't you?
Mr. Movfl- You were pretty veil sati.'fie.l
he was not John Sullivan? Well. I don't know;
I was not at that time; 1 was afterward.
How .lid you i>ost him on this baalness to
make this deposition? How did l;e pet all UUMK
facts so that he couM tettify? Were they
written up for him. or how was it? Well,
most of these he made up .himself. I BUess: I
don't know. I couldn't tell him anything
about Kngiand or his parents. or nnythlns
else because I didn't know anything about it.
And about his father and mother and eo
forth? Oh. I went t'j'the Hiberr.la Bank about
the/ name of the mother.
The maiden name of the mother was all that
was in i»-e bank? Well, I don't know; the
<!erk only told me that. "
And that You communicated to this man who
represented himself as Sullivan. and to
Duuhy? Yes, sir. V
And the balance of It was made up by Mr.
Dutchy or the man? I don't know who made it
up: I know he answered the questions.
Did you fix up in advance the questions to be
asked? No. sir.
How Ions alter he had been introduced to
you and you got these tacts from the Hibernla
was it that the deposition was taken'.' About
three months.
l.iid Dutchy Ret information from the record
the Public Administrator? I don't know. He
told me he had been up here to sej Mr. Mc-
Elroy <r I believe he said he knew
Mr. McKIroy.
I>o you Unow of his pettlnp any other facts
from anybody else in relation to identifying
himself? 1 don't think of anybody. If you
will tr.uke a suggestion I will answer you
truthfully.
About Martin Murphy, v.hat about that?
Well, I d.m't rupijose there was anything In
thr.t. That was his own staiemfrnt.
Mr. McEnerney— Did you ever go to Ever
pre.":i? Y.t-. 1 did.
Well, tell u-» all about that and Howden's
connection with tlie ihine? What I told you
yvcterdajr ma :he exact truth.
Why did you set Uowden to se*id out to Ev
ergreen for a bogus John Sullivan? Because
Mr. Sullivan ' told me^ — or, at least, this man
told me he was down there at th<? time.
Mr. LJoyo — You thought you would pet some
evidence to bolster him up: h^lp hold h'm up?
No, I dHr.'t think so at all. I djn't know
anything about it.
When you went down to Evergreen did you
see that o!<l arotnan? Xo, i-Ir.
That v?.s a little matter of your own fancy?
drive out there.
You drove cut there, but did not see the old
lady? No. sir.
You never saw Martin Murphy? No, sir.
Who «a« the Martin Murphy you raid was in
fourt her?? He had a man hTe and intro
ducpi] me to him, who said hi? name wae
Murphy.
Hut you had no tnlk with him at a'.l? Jusi
shook 'lands with him.
Were vou present when that signature to the
deposition was Figned? Yes. eir; this man
wrote it. ,
You didn't know what .his name was at all?
No, sir; I did rot. j '
You never inquired of Dutchy about that at
all? No.
Dutchy's Share.
How much did Dutchy get out of It? He get
all of it b-Jt ?4C'0. ,
Ar.d who did the $4^ go to? I got $4M end
Mf/i of that the court allowed me. Dutchy took
everything else.
You don't know how much of that he dis
tributed to his friend? He told me h» was
going to divide with him.
Rut whether h<? did or not you don't know?
That I den't know. I have never s<?en the
frif-nd since. Dutchy told me that he had sent
him to Ir.wa.
Mr. McEnerney— Well, he came hack, didn't
he. an1 had a row and then went «off to
Washington? That I don't knew; If he did.
Dutchy never told me.
Mr. Lloyd— He never told you anything about
his being an undei taker up in Washington, or
anythirg of that kind? I never knew anything
about that until you mentioned it yesterday.
Did you ever send anybody up to Oregon to
look for him? No. sir; I didn't know he had
pc.r.p to Oregon; that 1 dor.t know anything
about.
After the deposition was signed and the
check handed over you got the four hundred
dollars: who did you get that from? No, I
had got th? four hundred (iollars before from
Mr. Rauer.
How much money did you get out of Rauer
the fli-=t time? I don't know whether it was
five hundred or six: I couldn't tell you the
amount: I know that what I received was four
hundred.
The ch^ck Is for $7r>0? T?ut I never got a
nickel out of It. He simply took it. that Is all.
Was there six hundred from Rauer before
that? •
Mr. McEnerney— No. the sum which Rauer
testified that he paid was fix hundred in coin
and a check for seven hundred and fifty. The
Witness— That Is where I eot the four hun
dred.
Mr. Lloyd— What did you do with the six
hundred dollars that Rauer paid yon? You
got four hundred out of it yourself you say?
No. I got three hundred of that: I guess It was
three hundred.
You gave Dutchy three hundred and you kept
three hundred? Yes. sir.
Then that is all you got? No, I owed Mr.
Rauer a hundred.
And he gave you credit for a hundred? Yes,
sir.
Mr. McEnerney— No, there was five hundred
dollars in coin paid on that eight hundred, less
one hundred and fifty bonus and one hundred
fifty indebtedness. The Witness— Yes. that Is
right.
How much did you get of that? I got four
hundred of that.
Mr. Llryd— Then you credited part of it. or
Rauer kfpt part rtf it for your debt, didn't he?
Yes, I owed him something.
Mow much net cash did you get out of It?
I say I got four hundred dollars. j
Yes, but then j-ou paid Rauer? No.
Tou pot It Independent of that debt?
Mr. McFnernev— Itauer took an I O I* for five
huv.drM dollars, and Chretien owed him, one
hundred snd fifty, and one hundred nnd fifty
W3«. for a bonus? The Witness— That Is rluht.
Yrm say that this man told you that he lived
down at Evergreen? No, he didn't tell me that
he ilvpd a: Kveirrcen. Dutchy came up one
day without him. and I asked him. "Where Is
S:i(liv»n?" H« says "He Is down at Ever-
That-Letter to 34 Soho.
The testimony that you gave yesterday that
he eier brought you a letter which you wrote
to him at 24 Soho Square was untrue? No,
that was not true, because I had given that
letter to Dutchy, and when he qjni» in he did
bring It In.
You nevvr sent a letter to 34 Soho Square,
London, did ycu? Only that ietter.
No. that pa>F Soh" Square: you never sent
a letter to S« Soho Rrjunre? Yes. sir. I did. I
sent a letter to 34 Soho Square and It Was
never retiJrn»d: that is ritht.
You gave Dutchy a letter to give to J\hn Sul
livan. f!id you? I did.
And he brought it in to show you that he was
the real thing? I gave It to Dutchy, and he
afterward came in with it.
Rut he came in with it with John Sullivan?
Jr.hn Sullivan and Dutchy.
What wp? the understanding between you and
Dutchy? WhAt was Dutchy to do? Dutchy
war to ker-p this feliow so that he would not
drink, and that he would have htm whenever
we wanted him.
Hut before you knew of the existence of the
fellow what did Dutchy. say he would do for
you for a third of what you got? Why, he
•would have Suillvan here any time I wanted
him. •
When was your nest conversation with
Dutchy. when he broucht Suillvan in or did
Sullivan come alone? He brought Sullivan In.
What was said between you and Sullivan and
Dutchy? He said. "This Is' Mr. Sullivan." and
introduced me to'hlm. And then he handed me
this letter.
Did you believe he was Sullivan then? I
did. yes: I thought he was at that time.
What d!d you give Dutrhy that letter for?
When I told him about this letter he said.
"Let me have that letter." So I gave it to
him. I had three or four letters, and he wanted
them all. and 1 wouldn't Klve them to him.
What kind of a letter did you give/ Dutehy?
T gave him a letter like the one you have got
there fr«jm Poho Square.
You nave him a letter like that? Yes. sir.
When Outchy came In with this man what
took pla"e between you three? Why. I said to
him right away "I would like to have you go
down to Mr. Ruef's office. And Sullivan said.
"Where •* It?" I said "402 Montgomery
slrert." And he kind of turned around to
T>utchy, and they talked for a' minute, salil
just a wcrd or two. .and Dutchy «ald, "Well, I
will go nlong. too." So we walked down
MoniKcmery street, and when we Kot to the
foot of the stairs he said. "Well. I will wait
here for you." I said "I want you to come
up." and he sa'.d "No."
"is thit the interview at which you saw nuef*s
father?" Yes.
Well, what took place? Nothing: I simply
arked Ruefs father in French when Mr. Ruef
would be. in and he said, "I expect him at 1
o'clock.
Did you Interrogate Sullivan to know whether
he would be ahle to •stand cross-examination
on being the brother of Joseph Sullivan? No,
Dutchy Always Wanted Money.
When did you next see either Dutchy or Sul-
Hvan? I saw them pretty frequently, because
Dutehy always wanted some -money. .
When did be first tell*, you that-, this man's
address would be Evergreen? -" Just- before I
wrote to Mr. . Bowden. - '.. ,.
What was. your object In driving out -to
Evergreen? well,' when I started out I sup
nosed that there micht b» scm» trutn In- his
belnjr there, and when I went out with Charley
rcihemus: when I went out with him we
stopped at one cr two roadhr-uses on the way
and had a drink or two «nd drove along the
road, and after we had'drlVen quite a way we
turned around ar.d came back. He said, "Oh.
<7rterrupt!nr/» Tt wa«= s!»rne<1 in my office.
Wfc«« anybody present beside yourself and the
rctary? No. the nctsr>' was not there.
When this Lee D. Craig ficr.ature was put
on here this offi-'.al certificate, was that done
in your office? No. sir; in Lee D. Craig'* of-
JVe. I took it down there to Him.
Ar.d nobody but yourself and Craig were
thrre? No, rJr.
What did you tell Craig? Well. I jUFt flmed
it and I said. "Acknowledge this." and he ac
k: owiedged it.
Ard you <=lpnf-d it simply as a wltaeaa? Yes.
t-'.T.
Mr. IJoyd-We will offer this paper in evi
dence as an exhibit. Now, Mr. Chretien, here
is a receipt, received from John A. DrlnkbOOM
nnd others. i>urp-«rtln«i to be a receipt 'or all
the money in the esjaie, signed John Sullivan?
That was signed by Mr. Colthorp.
At your request? Yes. air.
Where was that signed? In a saloon on the
went there and walked in. an-i 1 found him.
He was ending an.l talking with two or
three men. nn.l I tald, "Hob, I want you: come
-m here." There was a kind of glass door: we
went to a desk there and I nald "Sign this."
and he said. "What do you want me to do?" I
said "Hpn th«re 'John Sullivan/ " which he
did.
Then where did Bob go to? I left him t'.ierc.
I thmk ther<- was some man standing there,
ar.J 1 arked him to v.tn that. 1 don't know
who he was.
Mid he sign his name after the colored bn»
signed "John Sullivan*?" Yes, fir. 1 think he
knew the colored boy.
l>id he look to see what name he siened at
all? No. sir.
Just took up his pen and signed his nam»
to Jt? H* was readlne & newspaper, and I
Mia. "Will you sign that. pleas<? # as a wit
ness?"
Do you know who he was? I nev**r saw him
before, and I would not know him If I saw
him now.
Lee D. Craig Involved.
Then on the ba» k of this Is a c-«=rttfi< ate by
1^** D. Craig, Notary Public, that this man
John Sullivan, known to him, appeared before
h:m and acknowledged this paper. Was there
any truth in that at all t No, sir.
But Ij<^» L"». <Vai«c witnessed the signature of
J'jhn Sullivan: Baa Mr. John Sullivan present
whfn liee I>. •"ralj: signed that? No. sir; this
{¦ijrnature of Mr. Cralp was done in h!« office.
And there wa« nobody in <"ra!g's office but
yourfrlf and Mr. <"r»ie? Thfit Is all. . '
Ard at your rpqucFt he signed his name as
a witness to ihe genuineness of the s'g::atur? <>f
iota Sui'.ivan, who was not there, and whom
he never raw sign it? That is richt.
And then on tht» bark of it Mr. Notary Pub
lic put a certificate that this man personally
appeaivd before him nnd acknowledged this
j«apor? That is wi.at he did.
At your FCQWCt? Yes, sir.
Without sf-eing Jo!;;i Sullivan at ail? Yes.
fir. 1 will state that it w*p <juite late and
fie wa."> juet r|r>!>ir.f> his office and then? wasn't
anybody there at all.
Pid yru pay him for it? No, sir.
Now. here is a paper in the matter of the
estate of Jcsej.fi Sullivan, sifmnd John Sul
livan, an official receipt. It was signed at
the same time.
Under the sam» circumstances? Yes, sir;
ji;«t signed one aftfr the other.
Mr. Collins accommodatingly witnessed it?
Yes. fir.
And you went down and Mr. Craic witnessed
it the sane way ar the other paper? I think
he did.
And then he put hip acknowledgment on the
baclc of it ? Vf-F. fir.
Neither Bolllvan n<>r anybody representing
Sullivan was there at the time? No. sir.
Just your»*lf and «>aig alone? Yes, sir.
Now here it a pnwr of attorney from "John
Sullivan. " sole nurvivinjr brother an-1 heir of
JoF*r* Suilivan. formerly nf Soht> fquarf. Lon
don, l-r.glnnd. at present of Sacratr-ento Coun
ty. Flat? of California." to John M. Chretien
cf the city and county of Fan PYutctoGO.
There is th« signature of John Sullivan to the
bottom of that: who signed that? Mr. Col
thorp.
And wfc»r*» did b« <1i that? He signed that
before Mr. Sanis F'rman.
Are you sure about his being there? Positive,
because be went there with me.
V.'fcp there anybody present when he signed
1t brf'.fles yourself? No, s:r; In my office that
Wgfe.
And then ycu went down to Pands Forman?
Tf».
Here is a check to John Sullivan for ST50 bi
J. J. Hauer. May 1". tMft. Exhibit No. 17 in this
matter; the name of John Fullivan is signed on
the lack cf that? Yes. sir.
Who fjened that? The same party— the col
< red bey.
I>o you remember under what circumstances
thif was figneil? All those papers were signed
at the same time.
And h« slimed tli? name "John Sullivan" at
your re<;ueFt ? Yea> fir.
Ther, subsequently you indorsed your name,
Jrhn M. chmien, a«= identification? Y€f, sir.
To identify the signature? Yes. Fir.
Rauer Grew Cautious.
And then there was sime difficulty about the
bank paying it? I will explain that to you.
When Mr. Handed, "Young Dutchy." went
do« n to the bank h« took this and went down
to the bank to pet it cashed. And thi* was on
the next <1ay. on May .".
You gav* it to Hansted.? Oh. he was right
there in the presence of the rolored man; he
picked it up and took it out and went to the
bank by himself the next morning before 10
o'clock. J {rues*, or Just after ]0 o'clock,
and he ruslied over to my office a little while
aftPr that and eaM that they would n^t pay it.
That Mr. Rauer had left word rxot to pay it un
til the two receipts that wer? executed that
d&y. the Fame as that, were turned over to
him. 1 then pave him the two receipts which
I had. and he took them over to Mr. Rauer,
and then Mr. Rauer's bookkeep?r or cashier
wrote that en that.
That lfad pencil mark? Yes. sir. I then
•went ov*r to the Lank with him and they
csked. me to *;gn my name, which I did, and
the mcn«-y was paid to him.
Now. tli!s deposition, the John Sullivan depo
sition which wa* introduced :n evidence, was
filed here on the ISth day of April, mo? Yes,
sir.
The name of John Sullivan is signed to that:
who Fjpned that? That was signed by the
man purportiru to be John Sullivan.
Who was that? Well, I never knew him by
any othr-r name; I was introduced to shim by
tt-f name of John Sullivan, and I have never
known his name until you mentioned the name
hrre y^Fterday.
Well, that is L«tTirr? Well, whatever name
yr.u rr.rr.tioned yesterday, I presume that is
the name.
Hew did you meet him? T'ndcr what circum
etaricf» «sr he Introduced tn you, and by
whom? H«- was introduced to me by "I'rofes
fOf Dutchy."
Horn- did "Dutchy" happen to introduce him
ta you'.'
Mr. SJcKnerney— Wasn't he to pet five a day
end ¦¦. thinl of the proceed* T He was to get a
third and hir- exiionff-s.
Mr. Uoyd— For finding a man that he didn't
know by th^ name of Suillvan? No. no; that
wa« after he brourht him.
But he was to find Somebody who would rep
resent John Sullivsn? No. that wan tr>t it.
Mr. McEnrrney— Tel! the whole thing. On
'..he rt»V that I h»' tl»e affidavit, August I1>, I
was nalkinr alor*. the Ftr°et.
The affidavit for KTtices, for onijnff', fe»s?
For rounf»| fe«-F: I was walking sionp the
Ftre't rrad'nc It. when I met Dr. Wratherly.
He Ftorpfl me sr;<*. psk»d me pome <j»e«tions.
and ! paid. "By the way. you are Just the
man I want. You liave lived in I^on-lon a good
wMle," and I resd him th* affidavit, and I
said. "Do you know anybody in th?t n»i~h
b<-irhor>d. &r> you know any attorneys there?"
And he said, "Why. ye«. I have net cor
responded for e long while with one. but I will
cive you his ftfldrem. 1 don't know whether
you will find him there." Then he gave me
that aoMrepp of Mr.
P. WalUcr? Walker, or whatever the name
which ha* been introduced in evidence here.
And I Rent it and then it wa« returned to me.
fs the envelope rtiow*. undelivered. When I
cot that back I hunted up Weatherly. anj I
said. "Well, this man Is non «-st. he docs not
Fftra to be in existence, and they have returned
it." I raid, "Don't you know anybody else?"
So then he eaid, "Yes. 1 know a friend of mine
who went to Oxford with me, we were fellow
students at Oxford, and h«» used to have an
r.ffice in London: I would try writing him if
J wete you, and t will write a word myself for
you." Sr, with that he gave me the' address
fjf Mr. rjenn»tt. and he said that he would
¦write to ilr. Hprmett. an." that I had better at
the !>an;e time s«-nd the r-ower of attorney so as
to save timp. So I sent the power of attorney
together with the certified copy rf the ap
jtoiRtmem. and he wrote Mr. Bennett. Mr
¦Hennctt returned that In the envelop* which
•-.»* sot all the stamps on It. He just Jn
closed a very short note In which he F aid that
fc* Ai6 not care to take hold of this lw?caase he
t.bs too busy, and he was retiring, and there
fore. I might get some .-ther solicitor In Ixindon.
He w.M. "I can't surrest nny names at pre*
ccC but If I can I will F*n-1 them to you."
How He Met Dutchy.
Weil. Jutt proceed *nd may how you can:*
!n connection with "IVjfhy." Some time in
cither the latter part of I>r*vmL>er or the rery
f>r>-« wM-k in -isTiUHry I was coming out of a
rh'r" e'ore on Montgomery street, opposite the
OcoMentfti Hotel, and a man stepped up to
me and he fail, "Mr. <*hretlen?" I raid,
"Trc'' He »aid, "You don't know me. do
von?" I looked Bt him and I said. "Xo I
l.avrrt't the pleasure of knowing you." lie
*sl<V "Why, I am 'Hutchy." "Professor
Dutchy.' " And I km Id, "O, are you?" He
paid. "I am « friend of Dr. Weatherly. he
F)>oke to tn» about you." I Slid. "Yep? What
»-an I An for you?" He said, "I would like
to flo some work for you." I paid. "What do
you mean?" "well,** he said. "I think I
ftot that man that you want." I asked him
«hat man? He said. "Mr. Sullivan." I said.
"Have you?" And !:» raid. "Yes." I said
"Well, where is heT* He said, "Well. I will
I.ring him around, but ! want to know v. bat
1 am going to get out of this thing." •'Well."
I mid. "I can't t»ll you.»T»at you art? Koine
to Ret ciut of It. Tou will have to »*¦« him
r.r.rt niafce arrsngi»m»n:*." flf Bald, "Never
nind about sreine him: yon make the arrange
jnent with me and It will be all rlsrht."
f?o tl.fii I as-rpod to (rive him a th'rd nf what
J gT Ke said, "Weil. I *>ant something <"or
jry expense*.?! I said. "Whatever >xnir ex
r'Tircs are of course I shall pay you." He
MKfl rcc for R. I remember that, and I, cave
him SZ on that oc.ca.clcn. A day or two after
Did . he know who signed the power of at
torney? 5 Yes, sir.
¦ He knew that this negro, Colthorp. did it ?
Tes, sir. . "
Was he present when he signed th^^ower
of attorney? No, sir.
The power of attorney was executed on. the
lmt of. March. 1900? Yes, sir.
When did Dutchy know that that power of
attorney had been executed? Right immedi
ately. c--i
Did you" tell him the first of March? Tes,
sir.
I What did you tell him was the reason for
that. Mr. Chretien? Well, I told him— I think
In fact that he was .the man that suggested
it: 1 he said, "Why don't you get your man to
sign a. power of attorney and just as soon as
we. can get Sullivan, who is oft on a drunk.
I will get his power of attorney." That was It.
I show you a paper being "Order for do
livery of residue of estate to J. J. Rauer." on
John A. Drinkhouse. administrator of the ef
fete of Joseph Sullivan, deceased, slarned John
Sullivan. Who signed that "John Sullivan"?
That was signed by Mr. Colthorp on that day,
vided? I gave Dutchy his $300 out of it. ' !
And you kept $200? Yes, sir.
And you had ?10<) out of the Administrator
before that, under Judge Troutt's order? Yes,
sir.
5o t^at you and Dutchy pulled out on that
even. $300 and $300; is that right? _Well, I had
grot $100 from the Court.
.Tou only got $200 at that time, of that $500?
Yes, sir. - '-.:• * ¦-".
And of course your d£bt of ' $150 had been
canceled by Rauer? Yes, sir. r ' ; .
That was after the ISth, you. think? ¦ I think.
Xow.-Aprii is was only seventeen days before
you got your final $1350, Is not that true? Yes,
sir. *". . . . , ....
When did you have this row with Dutchy' In
which he blackmailed you? Why. I never had
any row with him. He simply came to me and
told me that he had been offered a thousand
dollars by somebody. » " " ,' • - •
To tell the story? To make a sensational
thing for Mr. Lawrence, he said, and he did
not- oroi>«e -t-»- gii» it to- him. and -he-had-»«»
have this money, he wanted it, and that was
all there was to it, and I had to get it for him;
HARD QUESTIONS FOR LAWYER ROGERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900
/WOULD like to say after this very serious and thorough investigation that I, am grateful to the
distinguished and able attorneys who have assisted the Court in producing the evidence bearing
v • upon the matters in controversy. This evidence has disclosed the glaring fact that a gross fraud
has been perpetrated upon this Court. While at all times I am anxiously on my guard against any
attempted wrongdoing and try to avoid mistakes, it seems that in connection with this estate an at
torney at law, an appointee of this Court, has conspired with others in an effort to obtain wrongful
possession of the property of this estate. Fortunately, however s thanks to the daily press and to Mr.
Ruef, attorney for the Public Administrator, whose care and caution have been admirable and
wise, the estate is still in the hands of the Public Administrator, in the custody. of the law.
While I am always ready to help raise a fallen man and give him a helping hai\d where no
harm comes to others thereby, I find that I made a mistake in appointing, a year ago last May, the
particular attorney at law, John Mi Chretien, to act in the interest of the Court and in that of justice.
It is anappointment which 1 shall regret more than words can express for the rest of my life. Pun-,
ishment will have to be inflicted, not only as a penalty for this zvrongdoing, but also to deter others
from following such an example. This decree of distribution and the order settling the final ac
count having been set, aside, I will at this time set down for hearing both the application for settle
ment of the final account and for distribution for Monday week.
. .- J do not want to impose any further service upon counsel. \ The facts have been developed,
and if the Court here is entitled to criticism, however harsh, the Court will submit to it at all times. I
shall never impugn the motives \of any newspaper when Jhcy criticize the actions of the Judge here
or anybody else in this court. I am satisfied, that they zvill endeavor to do justice, and if they wrong
anybodyjhcywilldoso inadvertently.. I will always try to do my duty, iny public duty, as' I see
and understand < it , and ¦ endeavor to prevent fraud being perpetrated, upon the Court. The action
of the press in this matter is something that I think has been of great advantage to the community.
— Judge 'Trout fs [words as he closed the investigation. ., '.', ¦': . . ; ¦ ". :
' ¦¦ '¦ '¦->¦'¦¦¦¦. v ' : -' _" \ -' ¦ ' v ¦ ¦ ¦ •.-¦'. •': : ¦ ¦ ' - ¦
that is all.
That was before the decree of distribution
took place that you had this talk with Dutchy?
Yes, sir.
Was Dutchy's Sullivan with him? No, sir.
Dutcby was alone. Mr. Sullivan, or this man,
-was never present when any money was paid
over by me to him; he always had him away.
Dutchy told you at that conversation, in\
¦which he said he had been offered a thousand
dollars to tell this story, to be paid by Mr.
Lawrence— you mean Mr. I^awrence. of th«
Examiner. dr> you not? I presume so; he just
Now tell ijs what took place between you
and Dutchy. Well, he produced a 1-tter from
his landlady that he had to pay a board hill
and he had to do this, and he had to do that?,
and Mr. Sullivan had to have some money, he
didn't have any shoes, and he had to have this
money. I think that that waa subsequent to
the taking of this disposition. Well, he said
he had to have the money: that was all.
What pIsp did you say to him? How did he
blackmail you? Well. I told him why not wait
till May 4. till the thing came, up, and ftk said
he had got tired of waiting; he said he had
sent Senator Ouucher out here, and there
wasn't anything done In the estate; that it
was nil darned nonsense, that Rogers and Ruef
and I were taking the estate. I said that
was not true; that he could go and see Mr.
Ruef. that he could go and pee Mr. Rogers,
or he could bo and see anybody.
He told you something: that made you feel
you were being blackmailed, and had to go
through with it. What did he say? He said:
"You know, you have got those powers of at
torney, and this man Sullivan is the man that
is going to raise the dickens about.lt, having a
man impersonating him." " And then I saw the
box that 1 was in. #
The Power of Attorney. ;
It was before that time that you had the
talk with him about being in th<* fix of hav
ing somebody else sign the power of attorney?
and signed, if I am not mistaken, at the
same time that the check was indorsed and
at the same time the two receipts were in
dorsed.
Who drew this order? I think it was drawn
by Mr, Ruef.
They refused to give you any money until
Mr. Rauer furnished all these papers? * Mr.
Hansted was upJn Mr. Ruef's office that ajter
noon with .Mr.sHaucr and myself and they
hacked and filled over the amount of money
that was to be given and that was when the
thing was settled.
Did you know that that three hundred dollars
was to j?o to Hansted himself? Did he tell you
how much he was paying this man who was
impersonating Sullivan? No, sir.
Did you discover It? He simply said that
he' had to divide with him. Whether he did
or not I don't know.
Sullivan Was Coached.
2Twenty Children Injured.
CHICAGO, July 11.— As a Sunday school
picnic party of 100 children and their
teachers was descending a wooden stair
way leading from the Halstead viaduct
to the Burlington tracks to-day the stair
wav collapsed and fifty children were pre
ciDitated ten feet to the ground below.
The following were seriously injured: Jes
sip Olds aged 15: James K. Miller. 14:
Louis Petri. 13; Annie Krueger. 11. Fif
teen others sustained painful bruises. The
debris fell across the Burlington tracks
and blocked the trains for over an hour.
YOKOHAMA. July 11.— A cabinet meet
ing is held daily. It is understood that
the question of the dispatch of another
army corps to China is belm? discussed,
but no decision has been reached.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 11.—
Chief Wilkie of the secret service at
tached very little importance to the re
port printed in a New York paper this
morning of an alleged plot to assassinate
President McKinley. • He thought it prob
able that the information which origin
ally reached Messrs. Odell and Dick came
from a crank or romancer and he was cer
tain that If either of those gentlemen had
believed that there was any real founda
tion for the report they would have com
municated with him at once.
It Is not unusual for the secret service
office to receive communications purport
ing to expose plots t» kill the President
or other public men. Many of these come
from cranks, but If there seems to be
any real foundation lor them they are
investigated. The latest communication
of the kind received by Mr. Wilkie was
dated "Cleveland. June 17." It purported
to tell of a gigantic conspiracy of anar
chists from Cleveland. Chicago and other
places to come to Washington, blow up
all of the public buildings and kill the
President and other prominent men. Mr.
Wilkie thinks it is possible that the same
crank has put himself into communication
with Mr. Dick or Mr. Odell.
President McKinley is being guarded
while In Canton by agents of the secret
service. In fact, whenever the President
leaves Washington there is never a mo
ment when one or more of the secret ser
vice men are not near him. These pre
cautions are not tak*>n nt the request of
the President, but over his protest. He
Is averse to being guarded, but his ad
visers realize that it is impossible to
foresee what some crank might attempt
to do and some of Chief Wilkle's most re
liable men are always on the lookout for
any suspicious action by any one In the
presence of the President.
NEWBITRG. N. Y.. July 11.— Chairman
E. B. Odell of the Republican State Com
mittee said to-day concerning the alleged
plot to assassinate President McKinley:
"I read the account in a newspaper this
morning with reference to an alleged plot
to assassinate President McKinley and al
so as to the part I am supposed to have
taken in the matter. I have nothing to
say upon the subject except that I started
an investigation on the line of what I sup
pose to be political information, and I dis
covered either a crank or a Baron Mun
chausen. and en the principle that an
ounce of prevention is worth a pound of
cure, it is probable that my report to
Secretary Dick is the cause for the extra
care now being taken of the President. I
have nothing further td say on this sub
ject except that I regret that some one
has been indiscreet enough to make up of
a trifling matter the gigantic plot dis
closed in the newspapers."
CLEVELAND. Ohio. July 11.— Senator
Hanna to-day denied the report that a
plot to assassinate President McKinley
had been discovered in New York.
"This." said Mr. Hanna. pointing to the
story of the alleged plot published in the
morning papers, "is the first I have heard
of it. There is absolutely, to the best of
my knowledge, no truth in It."
those of wom<»n. It is thought that at
least two of these were employed in the
steward's department.
Of the other two one wore a wedding
ring bearing the inscription "B. Peitsch.
1S90." and on the other was found a ring
marked "R. W.. 1S90."
After the ninth body had been brought
up the men at work in the hold in
search for bodies announced that they
had counted fifteen piled in a heap In
the steward's room. The door of this
room was found locked. The fire did
not set near thf unfortunate fifteen and
their lives might have been saved but
for the breaking of the prlass in the win
dows When the windows were broken
the room filled with water and they were
drowned like rats In a trap. These bod
ies were in a better state of preservation
than those previously found.
At 7 o'clock the searchers quit work
because they could not see in the hold.
There were eight more bodies, accord
ing to the Coroner's men. in the stew
ard's room. How many more there were
in the ship no one could tell. It was be
lieved by the workmen that all had been
All the faces of the dead were horribly
distorted and swollen. The odor of the
bodies pervaded the ship and was de
tected on the Jersey shore when the wind
shifted that way.
T'p to to-night 1j9 bodies had been re
covered and eight more, known to be on
the Saale. had been located but not taken
out This makes 167 bodies recovered.
One other body was found off Rockaway,
making the total thus far 16S.
As a Matter of Precaution, However,
Mr. McKinley Is Constantly
Guarded by Secret Ser- .
vice Men.
Chief Wilkie Believes the
Warning Was Sent
by a Crank.
NO CONSPIRACY
TO ASSASSINATE
THE PRESIDENT
FREIGHT TRAIN LOOTED
BY MEXICAN BANDITS
Its Crew Rescued by the Arrival of
an Express and One Robber
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CITY OF MEXICO. July 11.— A daring
train robbery took place -last night at
Santa Eulalia station, near Chihuahua, on
the Mexican Central road. A freight train
was sidetracked to. let a passenger train
pass.. The spikes were pulled from the
siding and the train was -derailed. The
train crew was attacked by a dozen ban
dits. Many shots were fired.
Meanwhile : the passenger train ' arrived
and the engine driver, taking in the sit
uation, hurried back to Chihuahua with
the crew of tha freight train and obtained
a force of police and rurales. When they
returned to the scene of the hold-up the
robbers' had opened, several freight cars
and had carried away much booty. x
The police and soldiers started In pur
suit. ¦ One robber was captured and some
booty recovered.
Barn Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- WINTERS, July -11.— A barn on a ranch
belonging to the Bank of Yolo* was com
pletely destroyed by fire last night,' ¦ to
gether with several tons ; of hay v and a
valuable driving horse belonging- to O.:E.
Guthrie, 1 who rents the property.
Vessel Is Finally Raised
From Her Bed in
the Mud.
TWENTY-FOUR
BODIES TAKEN
FROM THE SAALE
Divers Report That the Dead Are
Piled in Heaps in the Steward's
Boom and Other Parts
of the Vessel.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Twenty-four bod
ies were recovered from the hold of the
burned steamship Saale to-day, which
makes the total number of dead taken
from this ship alone sixty. Most of the
bodies were so badly burned .or mutilated
that recognition was impossible, but sev
eral were identified by initials or names
on articles taken from parts of clothing
that sometimes remained. All of them
appeared to be of workmen in the holds
of the steamship. Great pumps were
worked in the Saale to-day and by »'3u
p. m. the vessel was floated. The sh'iD
was In nine or ten feet of mud, and when
she finally freed herself from this body
she seemed to jump fully two feet out of
the water.
Four of the bodies brought up werp
policy of the administration, disapproving
of trusts, commending the insular power
of the Government, approving the gole.
standard and pledging support to and en
forcement of the prohibition law.
ELKINS INDORSED
FOR ANOTHER TERM
CHARLESTON, W. Va., July 11.— The
Republican State Convention which
opened here to-day had the largest at
tendance in the history oC the party in
this State. In addition to the nomination
of a State ticket, the convention marks
the opening of the Presidential campaign
and the canvass of Hon. Stephen B. El
kins as Senator. When the Republicans
carried the State four years ago the plu
rality was close and the margin in the
Legislature was so slight as to be in dis
pute.
Congressman Freer was unanlmously
elected permanent chairman of to-day's
convention. The resolutions reaffirm the'
Philadelphia platform, pledge loyal sup
port to McKinley and Roosevelt and in
dorse Senators Elklns and Scott and Con
gressmen Dovener, Dayton and Freer.
Senator Elkins Is especially indorsed for
re-election. Albert H. White was nomi
nated for Governor by acclamation.
In a speech before the convention Sena
tor Elkins said:
"The Republican party appeals to the
people for a continuance of confidence
not onlv on the record ltJias made in the
cast but on what it Is doirtg now and what
it proposes to do in the future. The his
torv of the Republican party for the last
fortv years is substantially the history
of tf e nation's progress during this period
—the greatest in the history of any coun-
r "The Democratic party should not be
trusted in the policies it has advocated
and the record it has made. During the
last forty years It had control of the Gov
ernment'In all its branches only once, the
four years from 1892 to 1S9C. The effect of
Democratic legislation during these four
years casts the darkest shadow that rests
upon the prosperity and progress of the
"The "Democratic platform adopted at
the Kansas City convention Indorses the
Chicago platform, with its attack upon
the Supreme Court. It Is both reactionary
and revolutionary. It should be', consid
ered as part of the Populist party's plat
form adopted at Sioux Falls. Bryan Is
both Populist and Democrat.
"McKinley and Roosevelt will sweep the
country. The Democrats at the Kansas
City convention dug the grave of the
Democratic party and prepared its corpse
for burial by nominating a candidate once
defeated on a platform already repudiated
by the people."
EAST BIDS FOR THE
BRYAN NOTIFICATION
BUFFALO, N. Y., July 11.— National
Committeeman Norman E. Mack said to
day:
"Unless Mr. . Bryan desires the notifica
tion made In a Western city. I should
prefer that It be made In one of the large
cities of the Middle States. Naturally
I would favor New York, because of its
Importance as a political and commercial
center. New York probably will go into
the Democratic column In the coming elec
tion and Democrats in this section of the
country would like to have the honor of
having Mr. , Bryan notified In the East,
especially aS the West has had the con
vention which nominated him." 7
CANTON PREPARING
FOR A LARGE CROWD
CANTON, Ohio, July 11.— Preparations
have about been completed for the notifi
cation of President McKinley of his re
nomination. Two large flags, one covering
the upper portion and the other draped
over the awnings of the President's home
on North Market street, are all the decor
ations that will meet the eyes of the visi
tors. Back of the house a large tent has
been put up. and ' here the notification
committee will have luncheon, afterthe
ceremonies arc completed. The speaking
will take place ¦ < ronv the famous* front
porch of the McKinley residence, unless
the weather prevents, in which event the
opera-house will be used.
Canton is getting ready for a large
crowd. The local committee having
charge of the arrangements says the no
tification will be much more of an event
than It was four years ago. and that a
larger number of people will be present
than on that occasion. It is probable that
a number of speeches besides those of
Senator Lodge and President McKinley
will be made. Senator Hanna. Senator
Fairbanks and Representative Taylor of
this Congressional district are to be called
upon for short addresses.
The business houses of Canton are to be
closed for part of the day to afford em
ployes an opportunity to participate in the
demonstration to their townsman.
The? publication of the alleged plot
against President McKinley has not dis
turbed him in the least.
Stevensor Returns to Minnetonka.
LINCOLN. July 11.— Adlai Stevenson left
Lincoln to-day for Lake Minneto'.ika.
where his family Is stopping. He proba
bly wii' remain there a few days apd
then proceed homo, to remain until for
mally notified of his nomination. Mr.
Stevenson said he elld not expect to take
any active part In the campaign until
after that time. Charles A. Towne also
left this afternoon for home.
No Gold Democratic Ticket.
LOUISVILLE, July 11.— General Simon
Bolivar Buckner, who was General
Palmer's running-mate on the gold ticket
in 1896, has come out against the nom
ination of a ticket this year. General
Buckner favors adopting a platform de
nouncing free silver and not nominating
a ticket, leaving the Gold Democrats free
to vote as they choose.
Nominated for Congress.
PAOLA, Kan.. July 11.—Ex-Congress
man M. S. Peters of Kansas City was
nominated for Congressman here to-day
by the Fusion Convention for the Second
Kansas District. His opponent was ex-
Governor J. P. St. John. The Democrats
and Populists each had seventy-five dele
gates in the convention.
South Dakota Fusionists.
TANKTON, S. D., July 11.— The Demo
cratic and Populist conventions met here
to-day and after organizing appointed
conference committees to confer on the
question of fusion. Both conventions ad
journed until to-morrow morning.
Maine's Democratic Nominee.
LEWISTOX. Me., July 11.— The Demo
cratic State Convention to-day nominated
S. L. Lord of Saco for Governor and en
dorsed the Kansas CLty platform.
A DISCOVERY of considerable scien
tific interest as well as of great
commercial value has just been
made on the Island of Hawaii, the
largest of the Hawaiian group. Immense
subterranean streams of the purest
water have been uncovered from 1500 to
2000 feet above the sea level. This water
will be flumed down to the sugar planta
tions at lower elevations, affording
abundance for irrigation. From five sub
terranean streams tapped within the past
few weeks the Olaa plantation has se
cured a continuous flow of from 16.000,000
to 20.0iJ0.000 gallons every twenty-four
hours, more than enough to irrigate the
immense plantation, which Is the largest
In the islands.
Manager McStocker of the Olaa planta
tion made the fortunate discovery, which
will, it is estimated, save the plantation
more than $500,000, which it "would have
been necessary' otherwise to expend for
artesian wells and costly pumping ma
chinery. In his exploration of the im
mense lava beds that cover the slopes of
Mouna Loa he found Indications of water
that led him to make experiments. A
force of men was set to work to clear
the heavy undergrowth from the land and
then, by means of giant powder, a-con
siderable excavation was made. When
the walls of the hidden watercourse were
broken through the water gushed out as
if from a spring. Gradually the hole was
enlarged, until the entire stream was di
verted from its course and made to flow
over the surface. The stream from the
llrst well, which Is 2000 feet above the sea
level, amounts to 5,750.000 gallons per
twenty-four hours; No. 2, at an elevation
of 2000 feet, flows 4,250,000 gallons per
twenty-four hours; No. 3, 2,SOO,000 gallons;
No. 4," 2,000,000 gallons, and No. 5, 1,750,000
gallons.
The water Is surface water and of the
The plantation known as Olaa covers
about 20.000 acres of what was formerly
coffee land within a few miles of Hilo.
The first crop, from 4500 acres, will be cut
in .1902. Within ten years it is expected
that the plantation will produce from 50,
000 to 60,000 tons of sugar annually.
most valuable sort for irrigation pur
poses. The rainfall In that region
amounts to from 150 to ISO inches per
.year, but the nature of the soil Is such
that it is quickly absorbed— so eiuickly, in
fact, that the soil seems to be dry even
after the heaviest rains. The drainage is
through subterranean waterways in the
beds of very ancient lava flows that were
covered over centuries ago by layers of
disintegrated lava and sand, now over
grown with tropical vegetation.
The wells openeel are back from the sea
from twelve to fifteen miles. The con
struction of flumes to the plantation has
already been begun and within a few
weeks the water will be available.
SNAPSHOTS SHOWING THE FLOW FROM THE NEWLT DISCOVERED SUBTERRANEAN STREAMS ON. THE
OLAA PLANTATION.
NOVEL SOLUTION OF IRRIGATION
PROBLEM ON OLAA PLANTATION
Dpamite Explosions
Open Up Subterra
nean Streams That
Furnish a Flow of
Water Which Can
Be Run on the Su
gar Lands- at Small
Expense.
GRAND FORKS, N. D., July 11.— The
Republican State Convention held here
to-day made the following nominations,
but not until a vigorous tight had been
made by friends of Congressman Spald
lrg. who was seeking a renomination:
Congressman,— Thomas F. Marshall of
Dickey.
Judge of Supreme Ccurt— D. E. Morgan
of Ramsey.
Governor— F. B." Fancher of Stutsman.
renominated.
Lieutenant Governor — Frank B. White
of Barnes.
Auditor— A. N. Carlblum of Sargent, re
nominated.
Treasurer— D. M. McMillan of Cavalier
Attorney General— O. D. Comstock of
Ber.son.
State Superintendent— J. M. Devlne of
La Moure.
Railroad Commissioners — J. J. Young
blood of Wells. C. D. Lord of Towner and
James Shea of Richland.
Secretary of State— E. F. Porter of
Foster.
Insurance Commissioner — Fred Lentz of
Morton.
Commissioner of Agriculture and Labor
—Thomas Murphy of Pembina.
The convention adopted resolutions in
dorsincr the tariff and general domestic
discussion in the Populist convention.
It is probable that the work of the con
ventions wiil liot be linished before morn
ing, «£ lively rights are anticipated over
nearly every nomination.
The Populi?t convention was called to
order this afternoon by Chairman Ed
miston with lit*) delegates present.
Chairman Kdmiston's opening address
urged that the delegates work in unity In
the Interest* of the reform forces. His
reference to William J. Bryan as "that
liobl* nan, That free man, who represents
the Interests of common humanity" was
enthusiastically cheered.
Allen Elected Chairman..
Nominations were then in order for
temporary chairman and the radical and
conservative elements at ence clashed. M.
K. Harrington, representing the radical
element of the party. Senator Allen and
*x-Lieutenant Governor Harris were nom
inated, but the latter withdrew. Afttr
considerable debate the roll was ordered,
resulting: All*n 659, Harrington 4isi. Sen
ator Allen, on taking the chair, made a
plea for harmony and conservatism. A
motion to makt- the temporary organ
ization permanent was carried.
The convention then got into another
wrangle over the selection of the usual
commiUve on conference with the Demo
crats and" Silver Republicans, the far
¦western counties, where the middle-of
the-road movement is strong, insisting on
the election of the committee by Congres
sional districts instead of leaving the ap
pointments to the cha-ir. This movement
linally prevailed. After the announce
ment of the committees on platform and
rules and order of business the six Con
gressional districts' elected members of
the conference committee. The conven
tion then took a recess until 8 p. m.
None of the committees were ready to ¦
rfport when the convention reassembled
this evening, and after waiting forty-flve |
minutes the selection of the State Central j
Committee was taken up. The convention
then listened to speeches until 10 p. m..
when the- report of the committee on j
ruie-s and order of business was presented j
find adopted.
Charles A. Towne was Introduced amid
tremendous cheering and addressed the
convention for ten minutes, ending with
¦a oloquf-nt tribute to Adlai E. Stevenson, i
Just as he concluded W. J. Bryan entered j
the building and for ten minutes the con- j
v^ntion was wild with enthusiasm. When i
th*> delegates quieted down Mr. Bryan i
ir.ade a short address.
Work of the Democrats.
It was nearly 3 o'clock when Chairman
Hall of the Democratic State Committee
rapped for order and introduced as tern- |
porary chairman T. J. Doyle of Lincoln.
Chairman Doyle made an address of cor- j
Fid<rab!e length. His incidental reference J
to William J. Uryan brought out the first j
applause of the convention. Following j
the appointment of a committee on ere- j
rif-nHsls and an unsuccessful attempt to
take a r'-ce-ss cf an hour W. D. Olham
and R. S. Bibb of Beatrice addressed the !
convention.
Mr Bibb four years ngo repudiated the i
r'.lver plank of The Democratic National
Convention and supported Major McKin- |
ley. His speech served. to announce his i
reconversion to the principles of Democ
racy.
The temporary organization of the Dem
r.cratic Convention was at the evening
fusion made permanent. Chairman
Thompson of the c<imrrjitt«=-e on resolutions
TT'rtfi ih" nlntform. It rf.i+Tlnr.- the
decln'-nrior.s of the- National Convention j
p.t KansM City, commends fusion in I
the election of T'nlted States Senators,
rr.embrr? of Oonjrress and State officers!
Dnd pledge 1 ? the nnmir.e-os rf the conven
tion to an economical administration of
State affairs.
Towne Practically Withdra-ws.
The Silver Republicans organized by
NeDrasKa Populists Bitter Over
the Defeat of Towne and me
Three-Partu Conference Has
Thus Far Failed to Agree.
LINCOLN'. July IT.— The platform adopted by the Populists reaffirms the
Sioux Falls platform. It does not fall in line for Bryan and Stevenson, but
adheres to and indorses the original ticket of Bryan and Towne.
The Populist convention -at 1:30 a. m. (Thursday) by a rising vote sus
tained the action of its conference comlttee in refusing to grant the Demo
crats t>ut one place on the ticket and instructed it so to report to the other
conventions.
LINCOLN, July 11.— The fusion forces
of Nebraska, including the Democratic.
Populist and Silver Republican parties,
held tbeir State conventions here to-day
to nominate a full electoral and State
ticket. Some bitterness was evident
among- the Populists over the defeat of
Iheir Vice Presidential candidate— Charles
A. Towns — in the Democratic national
convention and up to a late hour littie
had been accomplished by the conference
committee of tne three parties, which was
to decide en the apportionment of the of
ficos among the parties, or in the way of
other business before the conventions. W.
J. Bryan and Charles A. Towne made
Iricf addresses at the Populist convention.
At a late hour the conference commit
tees made their llrst report to the conven
tiCn cn the apportionment of State offi
ces. The Democrats Mr.d Silver Republi
cans were asreed in allowing the Demo
crats State Treasurer find Attorney CJen
tral, the Silver Keiiuhlicans Lieutenant
Governor and the Populists the remainder.
The Populists opposed granting the Demo
crats more than the office of Attorney
General and the repo-t was taken up for
ISSUES REPUBLICANS
WILL PUT FORWARD
CANTON. Ohio. July 11.— "You can say
that we cf the East are pleased with both
conventions," said Postmaster General
Smith when asked to say something on
the political situation.
"What kind of a campaign do you ex
pect?"' was asked.
"I look for a very active campaign all
along the Ihne. with much speaking. The
general speaking, I believe, will not com
mence much before the 1st of September,
but between now and then there will be
an occasional address by Mr. Roosevelt
and, possibly, others."
"Along what lines do you expect ths
campaign to be fought?"
"I think the contest will settle down to
virtually two issues. One of these,
probably the chief one, will be the cur
rency question. The Democratic conven
tion has made it so. They refused to ac
cept the verdict of four years ago. They
have proclaimed their stand /for silver,
and the battle of four years ago on that
question will have to be fought over.
There is no such Issue as imperialism.
That is a liction. There can be no imper
ialism in a free country. But the ques
tion of upholding and strengthening the
Government in dealing with the Issues
growing out of the war. and in adminis
tering the new peoples brought under our
care and protection, is an important issue
and will ligure conspicuously in the cam
paign."
"To what extent will the trust question
enter into the campaign?"
"Not to a groat extent. In my opinion
It is a business question rather than a
political one. and the Republican party
has declared in favor of such legislation
as will correct any evils that may exist
and control harmful combinations as
clearly and as forcibly as any party can
In honesty and fairness."
"What of the political situation In
China?"
'• "It seems to be clearing. We are hope
ful that it has improved. We have not
had any definite communication, but re
ports indicate the safety of the Ministers
on July 4 or 5. and if they were safe
then there is reason to hope they are
still safe. K,very day they hold out adds to
the hope of ultimate relief."
"Do you think the Chinese question will
enter into the campaign?"
. M * r °» i_ do not - II cannot become an
Issue. The Government is doing nothing
more than any government must do to
protect its people. We have emphatlcallv
and continuously disclaimed Intention to '
do anything else. The note of the State
Department bearing on this subject has
been well received by the people of this
country by the representatives of the
President McKinley took an airing about
the city as usual this morning and shortlv
before lunch took a walk of several !
blocks, accompanied by Postmaster Gen- i
eral bmith, who is his guest, and George i
¦,, } ' rea I p \ Thp J" e was a. large number of!
callers during the day and active prepara
tions about the lawn for the notification
to-morrow. Senator Clark of Wvominj?
accompanied by a party of Hawatians. ar
rived in the afternoon for a call, and Sen
ator tairbanks of Indiana arrived this
evening and is to be the guest of Judge
m?2'" Comptroller of the Currency and
Mrs Dawr-3 arrived this afternoon and
are being entertained at the Day home
— ¦ • ' i
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
TO MAKE NO SPEECHES
«£ ANTOXf ° - July "—The campaign of
l!K>0 in Canton will not be a duplicate of
the campaign of 1S96. It is not the present
intention of Mr. McKinley to make
speeches to delegation*! who may visit
Canton during the summer and /all, even
if he should remain here all the time'. Tho
President will be so much occupied with
public business that he will hav.-»
l:;tle time to de\oie to the campaign. He
says his position is much different tram
that of four years ago. Then he was a
private citizen, and, as the candidate of
nis party, felt Justified in taking the ac
tive part he did in the campaign. Now
he is President of the whole people and
feels that he should give his attention to
the many questions of government pend
ing and constantly arising.
It is the present intention of the Presi
dent to confine his participation In th<
campaign to his speech to-morrow and
his letter of acceptance. Various clubs
and delegations h.-ive 'clegraphed asking
when th'\ can be received by the Presi
dent. The replies have said that the
lensth of the President's stay in Canton
Is indefinite and that he can make no ap
pointments for the reception of delega
tions. Those who call to pay their re
spects will be received at times when the
President is not engaged, as they would
ho when he is in Washington. But the
President will not make any speeches
from the front porch to delegations.
NOMINEES OF NORTH
DAKOTA REPUBLICANS
HARMONY LACKING
AMONG FUSIONISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 19OO.
electing George E. Ilibner of Lincoln tem
porary and then permanent chairman, and
after appointing a committee on confer
ence tooK a recess.
The first note of discord among the
Silver Republicans came when Delegate
Ransom offered a set of resolutions ap
proving the reported withdrawal of
Onarles A. Tonne as a candidate for Vice
President in favor of Adlai E. Steven
sen. Protests came from all over the hall
and the resolutions were withdrawn. Mr.
Towne, who was present, was called out
and in a short speech practically an
nounced his intention to withdraw, but
adding 1 that he would take as active part
in the campaign and work as hard for
the success of the ticket as if he were
a candidate.
The resolutions, as finally adopted, in
dorse the Kansas City Silver Republican
platform and recite that in accordance
with the action talcen at that convention
the Free Silver Republican party or
Nebraska pledges its support to VV. J
Bryan ami Adlai K. Stevenson for Presi
dent and Vice President.
Towne. in an address to the Democrats,
made his statement even more positive
than to the Silver Republicans that he
would withdraw from the ticket.
3
ADVEBTT3EMETJTS.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
302 Montgomery St., San rranc'.sco. Cal.
Lessons personally and by mail. Acknowledged
by official reporter* "beat teachers, best system. *
HAM LIN SCHOOL ?nd
VAN NESS SEMINARY,
1S43 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Pay School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity. Vassar and Smith Colleges.
SARAH D.. HAMLIN. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
for children: carriage* will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
Boarding and day school for young ladles. 212i
California St.. will reopen Aucunt 8, 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary department
THE LYCEUM.
\ N ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
r\ for the university, law an<l medical col-
leftes; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan buildlne.
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RKSt'MB STUDIES ON TUESDAY.
August 7. 1300.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
A. BUKWER. A. B.. Rector.
ST. MATTHEW'S HI ».
SAN MATKO. CAL.. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
Miss Head's School, Berkeley.
Bearding and Day School for Girls— 2^33 Chan-
nlng way. Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant home life,
larxe garden, gymnasium; accredited to T'nlver.
sity of California. Stanford University. Vassar
and Smith Colleges. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens August 6. 1300.
Hitchcock School,
SAN PAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill,
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGTTST HTH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17.000 frraduat«s suecessrally apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed In position*; 25 teachers; jpen tha entire
year; new SO-page catalogue free.
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century: has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected to represent the development
JKfHPu
62f> Market St.. Pan Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
When we nay "rupture cured" we mean it.
for It Is a fact that during the past 30 years
DR. PIKRCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing else
like It. Beat retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. (CTCall for "Book-
let No. 1." or send 2 cents In stamps. Ad-
dress:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
RUPTURE CURED,
Over-Work Weakens
Your Kidneys,
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
All the blood in your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
fThe kidneys are your
blood purifiers, they fU-
ter out the waste or
impurities in the blood.
If they are sicker cut
cf crdcr. they fail to do
their work.
Pair.;, aches and rheu-
mat:3rn corr.e from ex-
cess cf uric acid in the
blood, due to neglected
kidney trouble.
Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heirt is
over-working in pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arteries.
It used to be considered that only urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning in kidney trouble.
If you are sick you can make no mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys. The mild .
and the extraordinary effect cf Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy is
soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and is sold on its merit3 frj^ v "_ |
by all druggists in fifty- tfS»S3!f 5Sr£
cent and one-dollar siz-pisScjHtfc IKiS?S3
es. You may have a**^^^
sample bottle by mail none of Swamp-Root,
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
HO/TT'S SCHOOL,
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages tor the
care and training of boys and young men.
Charming surroundings, perfect climate. To.»\h
year begins Auarust (. Send for ont.-ilcsrue.
IRA G. IIOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC B8!l n e f cI s
Great Business Training and Shorthand School.
Haa the largest and best equipped depts. in th»
West. 300 younsr men and women wanted. Every
sraduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. Cal.
I S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE,
innn MAKKtrr ST.— Actual business bock-
IZOO keeping: only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand.
tbe easiest, fastest and 'most readable. Uay
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
Erees: seminary course accredited to th»
Universities: rar» opportunities offered in music,
art •nd elocution. Write for catalogue to MRd.
C. T. MILLS. Pr*9.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year; fall term opens Auy. 8. 1900.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Ks*. 1S7T. Men and women taught In nm
monin the science of naviicat'nf* a vessel around
the world. Privately If desired. Marina en«t-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. VOJX
SCHOEN. M. E.. etc.. principal. 42 Market st.
JflDEffSO.V ACADEMY,
Formerly Untvrrslty Academy, Alameda. haa
been removed to Irvington. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of building* and grounds in-
vited. TV. .W. ANDERSON. Principal.
San Francisco. California.
STUDIES WILL EE RESUMED MONDAY.
Augu't 6. 1900. Dolores st.. near Sixteenth.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
Weekly Gall S1.00 BerYear
Free. Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser,
in paper covers, sent free, on receipt
cf 21 one-cent stamps to pay expense
of mailing only. In cloth binding 31
r.amps. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
B-Tffaio. N. Y.
The surest way to keep the womaulj
health is to use Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. It promotes perfect regu-
larity. It dries the drains which weaken
women. It cures inflammation, ulcer-
ation, and fe:*;le weakness. It soothes
and strengthens the nerves, drives
away despondency, and gives a healthy
appetite and refreshing sleep. ] It
makes childbirth easy, and nursing
pothers will find in it a strength giv-
ing tonic.
"Favorite Prescription'' contains no
alcohol, neither opium, cocaine, nor
other narcotic.
¦ I never courted newspaper notoriety, " •writes
Mrs. n. A- Bender, of Keene, Coshocton Co-
Ohio, *• yet I am not afraid to speak a good -word
for your ' Favorite Prescription ' and ' Pleasant
Pellets.' Over a vear ago I suffered terribly for
nearly four weeks with prolapsus and weak-
ness. After using: one bottle of ' Favorite Pre-
scription ' aad one of * Pellets ' I was a well
woman. I have taken no medicine since and
have had no fyroptoms of my former trouble.
Have used the* Favorite Prescription* at differ-
ent tic:es for more than four years and find it
has no equal."
W
REV
i MEN'S SHOES- MEN'S SOX- . !
? Our n k.nd-coln. plain, glob* or Har- I
: vard tl? toes— vlci kid or calf-tan or Trad*. cEw? i"ui
black-laced or caiter-a Trade Sale „!?„„" 1-fee pair ;
• epeclal $2.50 pair MEN'S HATS— . I
s QTT tr QTTfTPTT'Tl TnMTliPTJWI' AD ? tiff hats - Fedoras or crushes— prays.
£ fclliJl biKlJfiiiJ UJNUiiilVVJliAS — brotvna. taps, blacks, etc.— a ble line •
; Medium weight for summer— a cut price - other stores ask $2— a N regular Reil
- for. trade sale ....75c a garment Front leader at
| BOYS' PANTS 20 3 pair RUMCHUNDA TIES ..25c each
i WASHABLE ASCOT TIES . I c each D0LLAR PERCALE SHIRTS...65o each
; With cuffs and collars— a few left medium or dark— over a thousand klnda i
**'*"*"** " .....C5c each In one biff lot at ..33 IScI ¦
I A J PPAGER a SONS
1^^%^ DON'T
FORGETSpecial Cable to The, Call and Ncvf York Herald. Copyright, 1900, Jy the. Herald Publishing Company.
SHANGHAI, July 11.— A report from Nankin, the former capital,, just
received, reiterates the statement that the Emperor and Empress Dow
ager are both dead and that all the foreigners in Peking have been killed.
A private letter from Pelting, dated June 24 and received at Tientsin
June 30, says: "We are in danger of death. Thirty thousand -troops
are attacking and only three days' i'ood is left. No news comes of
troops. If no relief comes all seems hopeless. Maliien's store has been
burned and the -Hotel de Peking bombarded. The Italian, Dutch, American
and part of the British legations have been burned-"
This confirms Sir Robert Hart'stiespairing message of the same date.
Policy of the United States to Up
hold the "Open Door" Plan Is
LikelY to Prevent a Partition of
China by the Powers.
Governments Interested in Having Amer
ica Take the Lead Are Anxious That
the President Shall Support His Position
hy Adequate Force, .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A' high official, in discussing the policy of the President and enunciated to th«
world by Secretary Hay. pointed out that the declaration that had been made
did not necessarily make it incumbent upon this Government to go to the ex
tent of war to preserve the integrity of China. The policy of the Government
of the United States, that pronouncement stated, is to seek a solution which
may preserve a Chinese territorial and administrative safeguard for the world
in the principle of equal and impartial trade with all parts of the Chinese empire.
# "The policy adopted," continued the official, "is in keeping with that which
the United States has observed for many years and is in pursuance of the 'open
door' principle -which was in part established by the notes exchanged with for
eign powers during the past winter. It is the belief of this Government that the
declaration of the United States, supported by Great Britain. Japan and Ger
many (I don't believe there is a word of truth in the report that an agreement
in regard to China exists between that Government and Russia), will be*respected
by other nations. Aside from the natural desire to see the integrity of China pre
served this Government, looking at the matter from a commercial point of view,
understands the necessity of preventing a partition. It has been suggested that
each nation should have a certain sphere to police and trade in. Suppose the
United States should get one-sixth of China— it would have the right to trade,
with 50.000.000 of people under such conditions as it might impose. But the?»
50,000.000 would want the products of other countries which they might be able
to furnish better and cheaper than the United States and in turn America might
be able to supply certain wants to the people in their respective spheres better
and cheaper than they could do. Then there wotild always be constant wrangling
over the boundaries of spheres and in case of war the victor would want to
take the sphere belonging to the conquered nation. Commercial territorial jeal
ousies that would exist foreshadow the danger of the dismemberment of China. It
may be that as a result of the present disturbance the United States may suc
ceed in obtaining an ironclad agreement under which the 'open door' principle
will be firmly established, and if thi3 be so the dangerous situation with which we
are now dealing will not have arisen In vain.
Considerable gratification is expressed in official circles over the appointment
of Dr. Mumm von Schwarzenstein as German Minister to China In succession
of the late Baron von Ketteler. This action is important, indicating the purpose
of Germany to maintain diplomatic relations with China, notwithstanding the
assassination of her diplomatic representative in Peking apparently with the con
nivance of the Chinese Government. The authorities say they are now satisfied
that Germany does not propose to consider that a state of -war exists and her
decision removes what might have developed into the most dangerous feature of
the Chinese question. Dr. von Schwarzenstein. was stationed here a year ago
as special envoy of his Government. * • .
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, July
11.— Those governments interested in having the United States take tne
lead in the Chinese question are anxious that the President shall supP 0 "
his position by an adequate force. This is also the view of Re <* r
Admiral Kempff, who has just been superceded in command of tne
American fleet in Ohinese waters by Rear Admiral Remey. The desperate
nature ot the ltarhting around Tientsin and that which occurred between
that point and Peking is undoubtedly the cause of the urgent recommenda
tion made by Admiral Kempff. submitted, as is believed here, after he had con
sulted with Captain McCalla. who was with Vice Admiral Seymour's column.
Diplomats, especially those who are susjtfcious of every move Russia make?,
look farther ahead, however, and say that if the American Government 13 to
continue to take the lead as it has begun it must have a string military force
on hand to morally support the position it has assumed. Officials of the admin
istration think, however, that 11,000 men are sufficient to protect the interests of
the United States.
RENEWAL OF REPORTS OF MASSACRE AT PEKING
Forward Movement of the Allied Forces
at Tientsin Impossible and Forty
Thousand Troops Required There—Li
Hung Chang to Break News of Tragedu,
It Is Eighteen Days Since the
Last Direct Message Came From
the Besieged Europeans in the
Chinese Capital.
GENERAL MA DEFEATS fiLLIED TROOPS.
LONDON. Juiy 12.— The Express this morning publishes a dispatch from
Tientsin dated Friday last, via Cht-fu, saying: "General Ma has defeated the al
lied troops 3nd reoceupied the Chinese eastern arsenal after inflicting great loss
upon its defenders. The engagement lasted six hours and was fought with great
determination by both sides,. The Chinese were able eventually to utilize the
guns of the fort abutting on the city walls near the taotai's yamen, the allied
troops suffering severely from lack of heavy guns and cavalry. The Japanese
commander sent an urgent appeal to hurry reinforcements, as the allies were in
imminent danger of a general defeat."
LONDON*. July 12 <3:S0 a. m.)— The Chinese situation again bears a most
ominous aspect. KiKhteen days ago Sir. Robert Hart dispatched his last
message, m-elarint; that the situation was desperate, and since then no
word baa come from the Europeans in* Peking. According to the Daily
Mails t-'hanghai rorreFpondent Li Hung Chang has received an imperial
«cfT<>f ordering his immediate dc parture for Peking, presumably to break the
news of the Pekinp tragedy Ui the European powers, and in his usual role of
negotiator with Europe in difficult matters, to endeavor to act as mediator and
inert the vengeance of the powers.
""¦> nrM u> the grimnoss of this sug-gestion all advices from Tientsin tend to
cor.t'rm the reports of the perilous condition of the allied forces and belie the
optimistic <hincw rumors. Unless reinforcements speedily reach Tientsin another
CiMMtiter rxxay bo expected.
The Daily Mail's Tientsin correspondent, telegraphing on July 5, says. "The
Fii-.j?.iinn is about as bad as it can well T>e. I only trust that we shall not soon
v. ni relieving ourselves. A forward movement is impossible. From 30,000 to
ICjOM troops .ire cranled, and there are now op.ly 10,<W here. The foreign troops are
¦woriTins well together, but it is inconvenient that there is no .supreme com
mander. In some quarters the feeling i«. 'Let us rescue Peking and then clear
out in favor of Hussia.' " •/
Othrr Tientsin correspondents say that no advance is possible until Septem
ber 1. ;md explanations are. being asked by the papers here for the tardy action
of J;jpan In sending troop?, since it is known that she was ready and willing to
pond then; and Russia raised no objection to her doing fn. It Is hinte<l that
difiK ulty arose as to the manner in which Japan was to be recouped for her
heavy outlay. Humors are current that Japan demanded the cession of a Chi
nos<- i)on.
The Russian papers report that the Boxers are ravaging Manchuria and
have damaged sixty miles of railway, threatening Telin and Kirin. while Port
Arthur and Neu <"hwang are said to be endangered. Russia, therefore, has noti
fied the powers nf her intention to dispatch a large military force to Manchuria.
It appears that the Russian censorship is suppressing all rofercnc-c to this mat
ter. ;usd it transpires that tW) reprular troops have already arrived from Port
Arthur and Amur to protect the Manchuria railway, and that other troops are
now on their way to Manchuria.
All kinds of stories come from Shanghai, which it is impossible to verify. It
if stated that the Boxera have murdered the chancellor of the Peking I'ni
versitv and sixty member? of his family and retainers. A eontidential officer of
General Yunj Lu. disguised as a Boxer, is reported to have crept into Prince
Tuan's tent while the Prince was sleeping, with the intention i?f stabbing lum.
He was caught by the sentries, so tli« story goes, and decapitated on the spot.
His bead was sent, with Prince Tuan'-s compliments, to Yung Lu as a warning
to him to beware.
The French Consul at Shanghai has news that the Chinese prefect at Moukden
himself murdered the Catholic Bishop Guilton, in his Yamen. Besides Bishop
GuiHon. Fathers Crunoet, Corbet, Bourgeois and Villenot and two sisters of the
French mission and numerous native Christians were massacred.
From Canton comes a report of large desertions from the German-Chinese
regiment at Kaiochau. and of a riot between German troops and Boxers,
iriar.y of the latter being killed.
Both at Shanghai and Canton apprehension exists that, these evidences of a
widespread native rebellion indicate the necessity for immediate measures on,
the part of the powers.
It is stated that Germany intends to send to China 10,000 to 15,000 men, .well
equipped with guns.
MINISTER WU'S ACTIVITY
IN OFFERING "REWARDS
Mr. Wu Ting Fang. Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary, Chinese legation —
Sir; Tour estimable letter of July 9 Js re
ceived. We are deeply. grateful for the cable
gram? you hare thought m-oper to uend to your
people." We are mire that we may add that
the entire people of our country join us In
thanking you Tor your efforts. The favorable
comment of the press indicates the universal
approbation of our offrr and . ynur prompt ac
| tion. Respectfully yours, etc.
To the forepoing communication the fol
lowinp reply was sent by Mrs. Crandail
and Mies Harrison:
WASHINGTON. D. C. July 10. 1200.
After your departure I thought over the mat
ter more carefully and as I am an anxious as
any *>ne else fur the safety of Minister Conger
and his Buite anil to leave no ston? unturned
in the effort to effect their rescue 1 cabled
yesterday to a hiph Chinese official in Shang
hai. re'jue.«ting him to make known by the.
nest means possible ami i.ublish broadcast in
Peking and North China that liberal reward is
offered by the American people, for Minister
Conger and his suite and their delivery to a
l>la'C of security. Yours truly,
WU TIN'O FANG,
Envov Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten
tiary.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Minister Wu
Ting Fang has acted with characteristic
energy in respect to the requests of sev
eral Washington citizens who desired it
to become known that rewards would be
paid for the rescue of Americans now in
Peking. Among the Washingtonians who
caller] on the Minister were Mrs. L. A.
Crandall and* Miss Carrie Harrison, who
are especially fearful for the safety of
Minister Conger and his legation com
rades. Minister Wu has addressed the fol
lowing letter to these ladies:
CHINESE LEGATION. July 9. 1900.
Mrs. L. A. Crandail and Miss Harrison—
Dear I-adi<?s: When you called at the lega
tion yesterday and asked m«» If I would make
known in China an ofl>r of reward from Amer
if-an friends for the rescue of Minister Conner
and bia from thrir perilous situation In
r*ckinsr I jointed out to you the impracticabil
ity of communicating the announcement ef
fectively to those diinefp in Peking who may
1# able, or dare to attempt a r«\«eue.
MINES DESTROYED
BY MANCHU TROOPS
LONDON, July 12.— Tho Shanghai cor
rrspondein of the London Express give.-;'
the text of a long edict of Prince Tuan.
dated June 2S. and addressed to the Chi
nese Emba.^adors, which the Express de- j
dares is identical with the message from
Kmperor Kwung Hsu. mentioned by tho
correspondent of the Dally Mail
and with the Chinese edict published in
Washington. The Express considers that
the edict proves that I'lince Tuan's party
is making no attempt to disffu!se the fact
that the worst that could be anticipated
has happened.
The edict contains the following para
graphs: "The anger of our peonlt knew
n«> bounds. They could n<it be restrained.
The task of guarding the lesations. which
before was difficult, was made more im
possible."
Klst-whr-re. referring to the desire to
protect the legations still unharmed it
says: "If it is impossible for us to con
tinue this protection let it l>c represented
to the powers that we must be held
Mamelens. for the anger of our people
grows with the rising of each sun that
¦ees more and yet more foreigners and
Boltften come to overrun and lay waste
our country and slay opr people."
The correspondent say* the edict is in
tended lo pave the way for a linal lifting
of the v»il over the recent history el
Peking.
PAVING THE WAY FOR
THE PEKING TRAGEDY
SHANGHAI. July 11.— The Governor of
Port Arthur telegraphs that 4A<M Manchu
troop? were, on July 7. within nine mil^s
c>f Newi'hunss and liad" destroyed tfcf
Russian mines. They were ongapod by a
Mnall force of Rtttti&ns. The result of the
encounter is not known. The foreign rcsl
(jptitfi of N«'wchwari{j were escorted on
hoard steamers by guards from the Rus
sian gunboat Otva.1:iy.
It Is reported that the Manchu troops
are marching in l]}e direction of Johol.
H. G. SQUIRES, EDWIN H. CONGER,
First Secretary. rr:* Minister. \££vz£i
FLEMING D. CHESSHIRE, W. E. BAINBRIDGE,
Interpreter. • . * ** '. . Second Secretary.
American Legation at Peking, Taken May 15, 1900,
Before the Door of the Legation Euilding.
STILL WAITING FOR
NEWS FROM CONGER
WASHINGTON. July 11.— Aside from
the dispatch from Admiral Remey, made
public thi3 afternoon, there was no news
received to-day by the administration
from the representatives of the Govern
ment in China. The desire to hear from
Minister : Conger remains unabated, and
It is presumed that Minister Wu. the
Chinese Minister, will make some further
effort to obtain for the Ministers the op
portunity of communicating directly
with their own governments. Like the of
ficials in Washington, he Is at a loss to un
derstand whyjthey are not able to do so.
He was asked to-night if the administra
tion had suggested to him that he call
the attention of his government that it
was the desire of our officials that com
munication be arranged for. but he de
clined to say. Minister Wu, in connection
with the statement contained in the im
perial decree made public to-day, called
attention to the fact that when particu
lars of the murder of Baron von Ketteler
were published it was stated that the
guard in revenge had burned the offices
of the Tsung-li Yamen. The decree con
tained no .mention of this, which is re
garded as singular, if such a thins had
occurred. To his mind It refuted the
original story, which, he said, like many
others inimical to the Chinese govern
ment, had originated at Shanghai and
other places. :
The Minister believed that the 20.000
Japanese troops would have no great dif
ficulty in reaching Peking. "I believe
they will pet there, if they have the cour
age to go." he added. "Ten thousand
disciplined men could go to Peking.' I
don"t think there could be any doubt
about that."
The Minister's confidence In this regard,
however, is not shared by persons here
familiar with the conditions that woulQ
be met between Tientsin and Peking;
partly, at least, because of the physical
conditions to be overcome by the invading
army.
At the Japanese Legation to-day it was
said that nothing was known there of the
report that Japan was preparing to send
a much Marper force to China than had
been originally intended, but confidence
was expressed that the government would
dispatch whatever men were necessary to
accomplish the object Japan is endeavor
ing' to attain.
MISSIONS ARE BURNED
AND INMATES MURDERED
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 190O, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON, July 12.— The Dally Telegraph
publishes this dispatch .from its special
corespondent :
SHANGHAI. July 10.— The Roman Cah
olic missions at Moukden have been en
tirely burned. Bishop Gulllon, Fathers
Emonet, Corbel. Bourgeois and Veuille
mot and two Sisters of Providence and all
the native Christians have been mur
dered.
The Catholic missions at the native city
o* Newchwang, which is situated eleven
miles from the port of the same name,
have also been • destroyed. A Japanese
gunboat has been ordered! to New
chwang. No British gunboat Is avail
able.
?
BOMBARDMENT OF THE
FOREIGN SETTLEMENTS
BERLIN. July 11.— The German Consul
at Tientsin cables that the foreign set
tlements were continually bombarded by
the Chinese from July 5 to July 8. On
July 6 2000 Boxers attacked the French
settlement and were routed by the Rus
sians. The British and Japanese forces.
July 7. bombarded the Chinese batteries.
Toward evening Chinese sheila penetrated
the roof of the German consulate and
caused an outbreak of fire, which was
extinguished after slight damage had
been done.
On July 6 the Pelpeng sailed for Taku
with the German wounded. River com
munication between Tientsin and Taku
has been safe since the Chinese fort, mid
way between the two towns, was cap
tured. ¦ The railroad from Tong Kn has
been repaired to within three miles of
Tientsin.
Nearly all the families of foreigners left
Tientsin for Taku July 4.
The German Consul at Chefu telegraphs
tnat the Governor of Shantung announces
that, according to reports on July 4, the
foreign Ministers at Peking were out of
danger and the revolt was decreasing.
FRENCH COMMANDERS.
PARIS. July 11.— It is announced that
President I,oubet last evening signed a
decree appointing General Voyron. who
distinguished himself in the Madagas
car campaign, commander of the expedi
tionary corps for China. He will be sup
ported by General Bailloud. chief of the
President's military household, and Gen
eral Frey. Vice Admiral Pottier is ap
pointed to command the naval force.
GERMANY'S NEW MINISTER.
BERLIN, July 11.— Dr. Mumm von
Schwarzenstein, Envoy Extraordinary of
Germany to the Grand Duchy of Luxem
burg, has been appointed German Minis
ter to China, in succession to the late
Baron von Ketteler. He starts for the
Far East in a few days, accompanied! by
Baron von der Goltz.
LEGATION BESIEGERS DISPERSE.
PARIS. July 11.— The Chinese Minister
here informed M. Delcasse that U Hun?
Chang had cabled him from Canton, un
der yesterday's date, saying that he had
just received a telegram from Peking; as
serting that the soldiers and rebels who
surrounded the legations had gradually
dispersed.
XECBEE MISSIONS BURNED.
LONDON, July 11.— A telegram via
Shanghai from R«»v. Mr. Moule, "a mis
sionary at Tientsin, says: "All's well."
Dr. Brander. a missionary of Shanghai
.telegraphs that the Irish Presbyterian
missionaries are safe, but that three mis
sions have been burned.
GERMANY NOT AT
WAR WITH CHINA
BERLIN, July 11.— The Government says
the Chinese situation to-day was virtu
ally unchanged. No authentic news has
been received from Peking, and the news
from Tientsin is if anything worse. Ac
cording* to. the semi-official Post, Emperor
William's trip to Norway will last till
August 6, unless the weightiest news ar
rives requiring his hasty return/ .
Dr. Mumm von Schwarzenstein's ap
pointment, as Minister to .China is inter
preted in political circles here as a proof
that Germany regards herself 'as not at
war with China. The appointment is;
meant especially for Russia, to show that
Germany means to continue her Chines©
policy with Russia. The new Minister,
who is considered one of the most promis
ing German diplomats, and who until "how
it .was generally supposed would succeeed
Dr. von Holleben at Washington, prompt
ly declared that he was reagy to assume
the dangerous mission at the Emperor's
personal desire. >
- At the Chinese legation here to-day a
representative of the Associated' Press
was informed that the Viceroys had sent
information that the% rising had declined
and would soon be quelled. -The legation
officials do not believe the other Ministers
at Peking have been murdered. Baron
von s Ketteler' s assassination,- they, say,
does^iot mean that the Chinese anti-for
eign agitation is especially aimed at the
Germans. .The Ignorant . rabble compris
ing the Boxers, say the officials, do not
know the difference between Englishmen
and Germans. To. them they are all sim
ply foreigners.^ At the legation.lt is be
lieved'-that: the report' is true ithat" the
Dowager Empress'is again in power.' 'The
officials are unable to say" whether or not
Prince Tuan is responsible for the Peking
outrages. ...,-•
WASHINGTON, July 11.— The following:
cablegram has been received at the Navy
Department from Admiral Remey:
CHEFU, July 10.— Secretary of the Navy:
Arrived yesterday". Two battalions Ninth In-
fantry and one battalion marines. Colonel
Meade, landed to-day to proceed • to .Tientsin.
Allied forces at .Tienteln engaged in maintain
ing their defenses. Ordered Solace here to take
sick and wounded to' Yokohama hospital.
Oregon to proceed i«oon to dock at Kure; towed
by chartered steamer and convoyed by Nash
ville. Just lear/ied from Admiral Seymour at
Tientsin that foreigners there are hard pressed.
RjgMEY.
Admiral Remey, the commander-in-chlef
of the United States naval forces on the
Asiatic station, having arrived in Chinese
waters, Is in command over the head. of
Admiral Kempff, whom he ranks. It is
believed that his cablegram this morning
relating to the landing of the Ninth-In
fantry has lost a date line, for it is not
doubted that the troops were landed at
Taku instead of Chefu, as his message
reads.
Admiral Kempff has scored another
credit through the formal statement by
the Chinese Government that the bom
bardment of the forts at Taku, which was
done over his protest and without his par
ticipation, precipitated the crisis at
Peking.
Quartermaster General Ludington has
been making inquiry as to the character
of the weather to be expected in that
portion of China where hostilities are In
progress with. a view to ascertaining the
needs of-.the soldiers in the matter of
clothinp. Reports show that the climate
In the fall . and winter is even more rigid
than that of Northern New York and New
England. Consequently the allowance of
winter clothing already ordered has'.- been
doubled and the Meade and the Sumner
REMEY REPORTS THE
FOREIGNERS HARD PRESSED
will now take out six thousand winter
outfits.
The Navy Department has detached
Commander Rogers from the command of
the Nashville, now in Chinese waters, and
ordered Commander Niles to the com
mand of that vessel. Commander Isiles,
who Is on duty at the Norfolk yard, will
sail on AuRUst'3- for the Asiatic station
and Commander Rodgers will proceed
home upon his arrival there.
MISSIONARY WORKERS
ARE REPORTED SAFE
NEW YORK. July 11.— The Methodist
Missionary Society received a cablegram
this afternoon from the Rev. Frederick
Brown, at Chefu, in response to repeated
inquiries by cable. It Is the most cheer-
Ing news received lately. Mr. Brown
cabled simply the* word "safe," followed
by the list of names of various mission
aries. Those designated,'- with their sta
tions, are as follows: Rev. Frederick
Brown, Peking; Miss Hopkins, M. D.,
Tangshan; Rev. T. N.Pyke, Tientsin; ;J.
V. Martin. Tientsin; Rev. J. F. Haynery
Tsunhau; Edward and George N. Lowry,
Peking; : Rev. and Mrs. King, Peking, and
the Rev. G. W. Verity, Shantung.
The Messrs. • Lowry, are - not, strictly
speaking, . missionaries,, but they .are the
sons of the Rev. ¦ Dr. . II. H. - Lowry, I thre
president of the Peking University, who
is now in this country. George N. Lowry
is a physician and his brother ; Edward
has been In the 'customs seryiee. '¦¦'
There also are named In. the. list as
"safe" m. number . of women sent -: out . by
the Woman's Foreign Missionary. Society
of the Methodist Episcopal Church. , They
are: :-< Ella. E. "Glover. Peking: ¦¦ Mary K.
Sheerkley, -Tientsin; Miranda •¦ Groucher,'
Tsunhau;; Ida M. Stevenson, M.D.."Tien
tsin; Rachael R. Benn, ¦ M.D., Tientsin,
and Mrs. M. L.: Barrow, Shantung: '"
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, eTULY 12, l/JOO.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— An im
perial decree dated the third day
of the sixth moon (June 29) was
received by telegraph to-day by
Minister Wu from the Taotai of
Shanghai, transmitted on July 1 from the
Treasurer of the Chili province, who
received it by special courier on June 30
from the Board of War, who in turn re
ceived it from the Privy Council in Pe
king. The decree is as follows:
The circumstances which led to the com
mencement of fighting between the Chinese and
foreigners were of such a complex, confusing
and unfortunate character as to be entirely un
expected. Our diplomatic ' representatives
abroad owing to their distance from the scene
of action, have had no means of knowing the
true- state 'of things and according^ cannot
lay the views of the Government Tiefore the
Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the respective
powers to which they are accredited. Now, we
take this opportunity of going fully into the
matter for the information of our representa
tives aforesaid.
In the first place there arose in the provinces
of Chill and Shantung a band of rebellious
subjects who had been in the habit of prac
ticing boxing and fencing in their respective
villages and at the same time clothing their
doings with spiritual and strange rites. The
local authorities failed to take due notice of
them at the time. Accoralngly the infection
spread with astonishing rapidity. Within the
sjvace of a month it seemed to make its ap
pearance everywhere and finally even reached
the capital Itself. Kvery one looked upon the
movement as supernatural and strange and
many joined it.
"Down With Christianity."
Then there were lawless and treacherous
persons who sounded the cry of "Down with
Christianity'.'.' About the middle of the fifth
moon these persons began to create disturb
ances without warning. Churches were burned
and converts were killed. The whole city was
in a ferment. A situation was created which
could not be brought under control. At first
the foreign powers requested that foreign
troops be allowed to enter the capital for the
protection of the legations. The imperial Gov
ernment, having In view the comparative, ur
gency of the occasion, granted the request as
an-~fxtraordlnary mark of courtesy beyond the
requirements of international Intercourse. Over
.-<*> foreign troops were sent to Peking. This
shows clearly how much care China exercises
In the maintenance of friendly relations with
other countries. The legations at the capital
never had much to do with the people. But
from the time foreign troops entered the city
the guards did not devote themselves exclu
sively to the protection of their respective le
gations. They sometimes fired their guns on
the top of the city walls and sometimes pa
trolled the streets everywhere.
Hit by Stray Bullets.
There were -reports of persons being hit by
stray bullets. Moreover, they strolled about
the city without restraint, and even attempted
to enter the Tsung Hua gate {the eastern gate
of the palace grounds).- They only desisted
when advance was positively forbidden.. On this
account both the soldiers and the people were
provoked to resentment, and voiced their indig
nation with one accord. Ijawless persons then
took advantage of the situation to do mischiei
and became bolder than ever In burning and
killing Christian converts. The powers there
upon attempted to reinforce the foreign troops
in Peking, but the reinforcements encountered
resistance and defeat at the hands of the in
surgents on the way and have not yet been
able to proceed. The insurgents of the two
provinces of Chill and Shantung had by this
time effected a complete union and could not
be separated. The Imperial Government was
by no means reluctant to issue orders for the
entire suppression of this insurgent element.
But as the trouble was so near at hand; there
was a ereat fear that due protection might
not be assured to the legations, if the anarch
ists should be driven to extremities, thus
bringing on a national calamity. There also
was a fear that uprisings might occur in the
provinces of Chili and Shantung at the same
time, with the re»ult that 'both foreign mis
sionaries and Chinese converts in the twa
provinces might fall victims to popular fury.
It was. therefore, absolutely necessary* to con
sider the matter from every point of view.
Murder of German Minister.
An a measure of precaution it was finally de
cided to request the foreign Ministers to retire
temporarily to Tientsin for safety. It was
while the discussion of this proposition was In
progress that the German Minister, Haron von
Ketteler. was assassins ted r by a riotous mob
one morning while on his way to th«> Tsung-11
Vamon. On the previous day the German Min
ister had written a letter appointing a time for
calling at the Tsung-ll Yamen. But the Ya
men, fearing he might be molested on the way,
did not consent to the appointment as sug
gested by the Minister. Since this occurrence
the anarchists assumed a more bold and threat
ening attitude and consequently it was not
deemed wise to carry out the project of sending
the diplomatic corps to Tientsin under an ep
cort. However, orders were Issued to the troops
detailed for the protection of the legations to
keep stricter watch and take greater precau
tions against any emergency.
Attack on Taku Forts.
To our surprise, on the 20th of the fifth moon
(June 16) foreign (naval) officers at Taku called
on Lo Jung Kwang; the general commanding,
and demanded his surrender of the forts, noti
fying him that falling to receive compliance
they would at 2 o"clock of the next day take steps
to seize the forts by force. Ia Jung Kwang, be
ing bound by the duties of his office to hold the
forts, how could he accede to the demand? On
the day named' they actually first fired on the
forts, which responded and kept up the fighting
all day and then surrendered. Thus the con
flict of forces began, but certainly the initia
tive did not come from our side.
Even supposing that China, were not con
scious of her -true condition, how could she
take such a step as to engage in war with all
the powers simultaneously, and how could she,
relying upon the support of an anarchistic
The document gave great satisfaction
here, as It showed, assuming there was
some foundation for the rlrst reports that
the Imperial Government had encouraged
the Boxers and even participated in the
attacks on the legations, that an effort
is about to' be made to retrieve that mis
take. The note is said to have originated
with the Privy Council and at the State
Department this body is declared to be
identical with the Tsimg-li Yamen. being
the power next the throne and the one
which deals exclusively with the foreign
powers'. The curious means adopted of
forwarding the note are supposed to have
been resorted to because what amounts
to martial law In civilized countries Is
now in force in Peking and Shantung, so
that the Tsung-li Yamen would naturally
confide the message to the War Board,
now in supreme control, to secure its
transmission to Shanghai. The announced
purpose of the Chinese Government to
protect the foreign Ministers is gratify
ing to the officials,' here, for they have all
along morcor less doubted the authenti
city of the several dispatches which have
emanated from, Shanghai respecting the
relations between Prince Chins and the
legations. »
It is said that the note does not call for
an answer from the State Department
at this stage and will not materially af
fect the military programme laid down by
our Government. Such forces as we can
land in China will be pushed forward with
rapidity to Peking. TIir only considera
tion that would induce the administration
to relax that programme at any point
would be the reopening of communication
with Minister Conprer and his release from
any sort of duress or restraint. Possibly
now that the Tsung-li Yamen is commu
nicating with the outer world it will per
mit the foreign Ministers in Peking, if
they are alive, to do the same. Our Gov
ernment probably will suggest to the
Tsung-li Yamen, through Minister Wu
here, that this be done. Much will depend
upon the response.
Gives Great Satisfaction.
The several Ministers will continue In the
discharge of the duties of their offices as hith
erto, without hesitation or debate. This tele
graphic decree to be transmitted for their In
formation.
Our several Ministers will make known accu
rately and in detail the contents of this decree
and the policy of China to the Ministers of For
eign Affairs in their respective countries and
assure them that military authorities are still
strictly enjoined to afford protection to the le
gations as hitherto, tp the utmost of their
power. As for the anarchists, they will be se
verely dealt with as circumstances permit.
populace, bo into war with the powers?
Our position In this matter ought to be clear
ly untierstood by all the powers. The abqve
is a statement of the wrongs we have suffered,
and how China was driven to the unfortunate
position from which she could not escape.
From China Comes an Imperial Decree Blam
ing Foreigners for the Recent Outrages,
and Alleging That Every Step Has Been
Taken to Protect, the Peking Legations.
(Drawn From Photographs of the Taku Bund and River Front.)
AS THE BROOKLYN DRAWS TOO MUCH WATER TO ENTER THE PEIHO RIVER THE 330 MARINES, UN
DER COMMAND OF COLONEL MEADE, WHICH SHE BROUGHT FROM MANILA WERE TRANSFERRED TO
RIVER JUNKS' AND TOWED BY LAUNCH OVER THE BAR AND UP THE RIVER TO THE LANDEnG, A DIS
TANCE OF SOME NINE MILES.
LANDING OF AMERICAN MARINES AT TAKU.
4
S^^^^^-•=v^s=-«^^^s3- J^. A VONEY-SWINS -* \
¦ J n^^^^^5tJ^^^3^'- TO GET A 5TYLI5H SUIT R*
iM^iP^^R BIG REDIICTION I
il^i^^yir no " 111 " Proper a tlme <1 to 8U order" t U. t 1
Sw^Ekpritsfc • *•%'•' j»«^itr?iar Make your own selertinn of material and I fl
0 TcO^Cr^^ri-jL *' r -'•*?¦- fi'BSsJ^Sf Tvt!l name Pf' 0 ' 14 that will please jtjii y
rWw.^l^i^S S17i50 Sults feduced to " $l3i5 ° !
I ¦'" II ' |? I i $30 Dressy Suits reduced to 25,00 I
I i .-..,,. 1 *i /M P an ' s rB( luced to - - 6.00 I
llft^^l^E POHEIM, The T^or, |
H *"* *'*"^B»* 11tO-tllS Market at. n
K 2O1-2O3 Montgomery St., 8- B*. bfThe bride Is the daughter of Dr. George
L. Voorhies, one of the old-time residents
of Vallejo. The groom holds a responsible
position in the San Francisco office of the
Southern Pacific Company.
The happy couple left for a trip to Lake
Tahoe, where they will spend their honey
moon, after which they will reside In Ala
meda.
VALLEJO, July 11.— Miss Velma V.
Voorhies, one of Vallejo's belles, was
married this afternoon to George W. Dean
of Alameda.
Bride of George W. Dean.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miss Velma Voorhies Becomes the
WEDDED AT VALLEJO.
NEWPORT, R. I.. July 1L— Miss Char
lotto Whiting, daughter of the late Au
gustus Whiting, and Harry O. Havemeyer
Jr.. son of the late Theodore Havemeyer,
were married to-day at Swanhurst, the
summer residence of the bride's uncle.
George L. Hives of New York. The bride
was attended by Misses Lily Oolrlcns and
Natica Rives, her cousins. The best man
was Fred C. Havemeyer, brother of tho
bridegroom, and the ushers were Howard
Bocock of Brooklyn and J. H. McCor»
mick of Chicago, classmates of the bride
groom at Yale. Rev. W. B. Meehan of
St. Mary's Church officiated.
Wedding Bites at the Newport Home
of George L. Rives.
HAVEMEYER-WHITING.
GENERAL RANDALL IN
-CONTROL AT NOME
"WASHINGTON. July 11.— The War De
partment has received the following mes
sage from General Randall, dated Nome
City. Alaska. June 26. via San Francisco.
July 11: "At request of Chamber of Com- •
merce have assumed control of affairs In
town of Nome until the arrival of the
Judge and the establishment of municipal
government under the recent act of Con
gress. Estimated this date 16.000 people la -
the town and no effective organization for
protection of life and property."
DABINO JAIL BREAK.
Two Prisoners at San Bernardino Es
cape bat Are Recaptured.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 11.— A most
daring Jail delivery was made this morn-
Ing about 9 o'clock, when Allen Lasoard
and John Morrison, inmates of the County
Jail, made their escape from confinement.
During the daytime Jailer Shay permits
the prisoners to come out from their cells
for a promenade la the corridors and tho
usual custom was followed to-day.
After the Jailer's departure the lnmatea
named climbed upon the top of the steel
tanks and broke through the ventilators
of the roof, and tying several ¦woolen
blankets together stretching to the earth,
a distance of over twenty feet, slid down
and took to their heels. Morrison vrsm
found burled In the grass and weeds along
the marshy;. ground of Warn Creek and
Lasoard was found not far away. Both
men were taken back to prison and placed
in steel cells.
Ohio in Quarantine.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. July ll.-
The steamer Ohio, arriving from Cape
Nome last night with elsrhty passengers,
was sent to Diamond Point quarantine
station to-day for fumigation. The Ohio
brought several ?ncks of letter mall from
Nome, which were sent ashore and thor
oughly fumlgatedrbefore being forwarded
to their destination.
Names for Submarine Boats.
WASHINGTON. July 11.— Tha Secretary
of the Navy has selected as the names for
the six new submarine boats the follow
ing: Grampus. Shark. Pike, Porpoise, Ad
der and Moccasin.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Financial circles
exhibited much imprest to-day In the
method of paying for Klondike gold dust
consignments received at the Pacific
Coast. Five million dollars" worth of gold
consigned to New York branches of Cana
dian banks has already been announced,
remittances covering a portion of the
amount having been received in this city
yesterday. Instead of effecting payment
by dralt on the New York sub-trea*ury
the exchange was made by telegraphic
transfer by the Seattle Bank wiring Its
Iv'ew York correspondents to pay the
Canadian bank SmQlSOOl This sum prob
ably represents the face value of the
drafts given by the assay office officials
on the eub-treasury at San Francisco.
This form of payment is quite as con
venient as would be drafts against the
local sub-treasury, but does not affect
bank reserves at work in the same way.
Yesterday's payment, for instance, has not
affected reserves or deposits in New York
banks as a whole, because the deposit
¦was withdrawn from one bank and cred
ited In another, where the Canadian bank
kept Its account. But when the draft Is
covered by the remittance of the gold
there will be created a new deposit, with
en increase of cash surplus reserves gain
ing 75 per cent of the amount involved
as a net result of the operation.
TWENTY SMALLPOX
CASES AT CAPE NOME
"WASHINGTON. July 11.— The Treasury
Department to-day' received a" telegram
from Lieutr-nant Jarvis of the revenue
cutter service saying that there had been
twenty cases of smallpox to July 2 at
Cape Nome, and asking for medical of
jicers and supplies.
The telrgram Is dated Cape Nome, July
2. and was sent to Port Townsend. the
uearept telegraph station. Lieutenant
Jarvis was sent to Cape Nome as the
Fpeclal representative of the Treasury
Department. He does net say whether
these cases have appearejln the crowded
camp or on shipboard. Two vessels that
started for Cape Nome recently found
Fmallpox aboard shortly after leaving
Uutch Harbor, and It is thought the cases
Fpokf-n of are on board these vessels, al
tnoujrh thrre are many chances that the
<5isea>«» has broken out ashore. The
Treasury I apartment has ordered 1000
vaccine points pent to Nome, and a num
ber of physicians also have gone there.
Railroad People Cited to Apepar.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow ls-
Fued an order yesterday citing the Union
Pacific and the Southern Pacific railroad
representatives to appear in court on the
first law day in August and show cause
why a restraining order 'should not be
Issued in the case of the Interstate Rail
way Commission against the defendants
named in the Nebraska sugar rate case.
METHOD OF PAYING
FOR GOLD SATISFACTORY
CHARLESTON. S. C. July lL-The
members of the National Educational As
sociation put in a busy day, two sessions
of the organization and many meetings of
the departments taking up their time.
Booker T. Washington, the negro educa
tor, drew the largest crowd of the conven
tion at the Auditorium to-night, speaking
on the advance of the colored man along
educational lines. The nominating com
mittee will meet at noon to-morrow and
decide upon a candidate for president.
California is expected to present the name
of Professor Forshay of Los Angeles, but
the sentiment of many of the delegates Is
that the honor should go East. - * . _ *
Professor J. M. Green of Trenton. N. J..
has many friends, and although he Is not
pressing his candidacy the chair is likely
to go to him. Cincinnati and Detroit are
claiming the next convention.
"The Contributions of Religious Organ
izations to the Cause of Education" waa
the general topic at the forenoon session.
President Corson announced that Gen
eral Secretary Rev. M. H. Dubose, gen
eral secretary of the Epworth League,
who was to speak for the Methodist
church, had been compelled to return to
Nashville because of the illness ' of his
wife. President Coper of Baylor Univer
sity, "Waco. Tex., spoke of the part taken
by the Baptist church In the cause of gen
eral education.
Condo B. Pallen of St. Louis spoke for
the Catholic church. He sketched "Edu
cation" at the dawn of history, and com
ing rapidly to the present day told of the
establishment of the home school which
was in vogue to-day.
At the night session Professor Booker
T. Washington, president of the Normal
Industrial Institute of Tuskegee. Ala..
made an address.
President Joseph S. Swayne of the Lnl
versity of Indiana spoke on "The State
University." Nearly all the departments
held meetings during: the afternoon. The
kindergarten educators held their first
session In Hibernian Hall. Papers were
read by Mrs. Clarence E. Meliney of New
York and Miss Harriet NIel. director of
the Hearst. Kindergarten, Washington.
There was a good attendance at the
session, of the"* higher education depart
ment. The first speaker waa President
Professors Forshay of Los Angele3
and J. M. Green of New Jersey-
Leading Candidates for
• President.
Booker T. Washington In
terests a Large Audience
at Charleston.
BUSY DAY AT
THE CONVENTION
OF EDUCATORS
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
L.ist of Pensions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 11.— The Postofflce
Department announces as follows: Post
masters commissioned: California — Frank;
H. Owen, Winters. Oregon— Alfred O.
Bedell. Riley.
- Postmasters appointed: California
French, Mendocino County, Stephen Tar
ter, vice J. N. Cox resigned; Letton, Los
Angeles County, Laura Rymer, vice Min
nie Rymer resigned; Slaid Valley Siski
you County, C. P. Nutson. vice W\ T.
G rider removed.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
postofflce for June were $84,095 and of the
Los Angeles postofflce {19,941.
The following pensions were- issued to
day: California — Original — Bradley B
Keeler, San Francisco, $8; William H
Mills. Kelseyville, $6; George Davey,
Randsburp, J12. Twenty years' service
Charles E. Lake, San Francisco, $20 50*
Additional— George E. Clark, Alameda $S;
Richard Powers, Oakland, |12: Eliza M
Denny, San Diego, J8. Increase— Francis
W. Leland, San Francisco, $8; Charles
Smith Veterans' Home, Napa, $10: Mich
ael Boyle, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles
$8: James M. Wlrt, Los Angeles, $14;
Jacob C. Youngman, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $10; Emmer Bowen, Los Angeles
$12. Original widows — Genevieve Laigh
ton, Los Angeles, $20; Lorenza O'Neill
North San Diego, $3; Mary Ford Val
lejo. $8. War with Spain— Original—
Charles R. Harrington, San Francisco. $S.
Oregon — Increase — Benjamin K. Finn
Gate Creek, $S. Reissue — Harvey W. Gild
ingham, Dayton, $17. Original widows-
Minor of George A. Musser, Salem, $10.
Washington — Additional — J. F. Creech
Fairfield, $S. Increase— Benjamin F. Den
nis, Tacoma. $30. Original widows —
Louisa Mouiton, Chehalls, $12; Julia Tray
nor, Vancouver. $8; Margaret A. Blank
lnship, Chehalis, $8.
The following array officers were or
dered to report August 1 to the command-
Ing- officer of the Presidio, San Francisco:
Second Lieutenant R. H. Fenner, Sixth
Artillery, and \V. V. Morris. Sixth Cav
alry.
The Secretary of the Interior to-day ren
dered a decision reversing former rul
ings of the department In the cases of
Deputy Mineral Surveyors who had made
entries covering mining claims. It ia now
held that the law prohibiting certain offi
cers of the land office from making such
entries does not apply to Deputy Mineral
Surveyors.
Elks Elect Officers.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. July ll.-The
Grand Lodge, Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks, was engaged all the morn
ing In electing the- following officers:
Grand loyal knight, Lloyd Bowman, New
York City; grand lecturing knight, Wil
liam B. Brook, Lexington. Ky.; grand sec
retary, George A. Reynolds. Saginaw,
Mich.; grand treasurer. Edward Orris
Meadville, Pa. Both the secretary and
treasurer have served six years and were
elected without opposition.
Forest Fires in Arizona.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 11.— Forest fires
have broken out near Prescott. A large
blaze is in progress In the vicinity of the
Senator mine and others are spreading
along Hanning Creek. There has been no
rain In that vleinlty for several months.
The loss will be very heavy.
Charles T. Thwlng. "Western Reserve pres
ident, Cleveland. His topic was "The Sat
isfaction of Being a College President."
President Josepn S. Swayne of Indiana
University read a paper on "State Aid to
Higher Education/*
These papers were followed by a general
discussion, participated In mainly by
Chancellor Klrkland, Vanderbilt Univer
sity, Nashville, and President Baker of
the University of Colorado. Much Interest
was shown in the papers read at the de
partment of child study. Miss Marian,
Brown of New Orleans had for her topic.
"Is There a Nationality Problem in Our
Public Schools?"
The department of education for the
deaf, blind and feeble-minded held its
opening session during the afternoon.
President Wilkinson of California, read hia ,
annual address.
The department of Indian education ad
journed to-day. The keynote of the entire
meeting was that the Indian must be
made to work and more attention should
be given to industrial training. The de
partment of Indian training adjourned to
day.
PARIS, July 11.— The committeo to
which the Municipal Council referred tha
proposal to grant gratuitously a site
worth 400,000 francs for an American Na
tional Institute has decided to report
against the grant. The report of the com
mittee will be submitted to the^ council
probably to-morrow and a vote" will be
taken which will determine the fate of
the proposed institute. The committee's
important decision Is the outcome of the
opposition of the Councilor, Charles For
tin, who submitted a resolution annulling
tho action of the Council last year, when
the site was actually voted. He protested
vigorously against the gift as being an
tagonistic to the interests of French ar
tists, who, he claimed, are not treated as
well in America as Americans are treated
here. His counter proposal lapsed, owing
to the dissolution of the council. But at
the National victory at the late elections
he renewed it, and the matter *was re
ferred to a committee which decided as
already cabled. The committee's report
sets forth that no document was fur
nished It regarding the authorization of
the Government by the State of New
York and that there is nothing to show
the attitude to be assumed toward the
institute by the other States of the Union.
On the other hand, it Is added, the docu
ments submitted to the committee would
indicate that the institute is really a
private enterprise, partly supported by
gifts from generous- benefactors, but
mainly by fees for board and lodging to
be paid by the students. < •
The report also quoted an American
pamphlet and a letter from . Archbishop
Ireland In support of the conclusion of
\he committee that the institute is
"purely a commercial undertaking." The
report ends with saying:
While we must rejoice to see foreigners come
to Paris to study the works of our artists and
learned men, yet this instruction ought not to
be obtained at the expense of our finances,
which are «o Impoverished, whenever it Is a
question of encouraging our own countrymen.
Moreover. . If, ever artists ¦ wish to become
known in America and create outlets there
for their works, their aspirations are j quickly
crushed by heavy custom* duties, often equal
ing ; the ; value of the object.
Now you are ¦ asked to liberally subvention
a 'work whose immediate effect will b« to ac
centuate the competition against our artists.
Therefore. - from the art view point, aa well
Its Action Is Undoubtedly the Out
come of the Opposition of Coun
cilor Charles Fortin, Who
Fought the Measure.
Committee of the Municipal
Council in Paris Will
Report Adversely.
LITTLE HOPE
FOR AMERICAN
ART INSTITUTE
as from the French point of view, we gee only
reasons to purely and simply reject the peti
tion.
MURDERER OE
ED HALE TAKEN
T0 SAN QUENTIN
THOMAS J. OWENS. THE
MURDERER OF ED HALE,
WKO HAS BEEN SENTENCED
TO PAT HIE DEATH PEN
ALTY.
Special Dirpatch to Tht Call.
"Will Be Hanged for His
Crime Early in
October.
/->< ANTA ROSA. July 11.— Thomas J.
t Owens, vrho murdered Ed Hale at
Lytton Springs on the evening of
U April IS, and who was on Monday
sentenced by Judge Daugherty to
<3f?ath. was to-<3ay taken to San Quentin.
¦where on October 2 he will hang for his
crimes.
The story of Kale's death Is a familiar
one. especially to the people of this sec
tion. It occurred at Lvtton Springs about
S:30 o'clock at r.ight- In the cottage at
the time were two women, Mrs. Dfnni
eon and her daughter, who was known as
Mrs. Hale. , ,
Owens waa said to have been drinking
before he came to the cottage- He de
manded to be allowed to enter. Admit
tance was denied him. and he shot Hale
es he stood at the door. The weapon
•used was a riflo. Aft^r the ball struck
him. Hale Jived only a few minutes.
The two women who wore In the cot
tage at the time of the murder positively
identified Owens as t!ie slayer, and bo
testlSed at th^ trial. The defense set yp
the plea of insanity.
PROSECUTION BACKED
BY MILLIONAIRE GATES
Opening of the Trial of Alexander
Jester for a Murder of Twenty-
Nine Years Ago.
NEW LONDON. Mo., July 11.—
The taJclng of testimony in the
trial of Alexander "Jester for tho
murder of Gilbert W. Gates, tw«ny
nlne years ago, began to-day. The
only witness called to-day was Ansel A-
Gates, SI years of age, father of the mur
dered man. Mr. Gates told in detail of
his search for his son in 1S71, through
Southern Kansas and Missouri, and of the
subsequent arrest of Jester, in whose pos
session were found his son's wagon and
personal effects. The aged witness broke
down and cried while examining and iden
tifying some of these articles, which have
been preserved through the many years
axid which were to-day offered in evidence
against the accused man. Mr. Gates iden
tified Jester as the man arrested in 1871
as a result of his search, and who sub
sequently broke Jail before he could be
brought to trial.
When the attorneys for the defense, ear
lier in the day. stated their case to the
Jury of twelve fanners, they made It
plain that one of the features of the de
fense would be an attempt to show that
the case against the prisoner had been
worked jup by men in the hire of John
\V. Gates, the millionaire steel man.
whose brother the murdered man warn.
The prosecution does not deny that Mr.
Gates has paid the expenses of the wit
nesses from a distance and that the hotels
are keeping them at his expense.
POWERS' MOTION FOR
CONTINUANCE DENIED
Court Orders the Trial of Kentucky's
ex-Secretary of State to
Proceed.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., July 11.— The mo
tion of the defense for a continuance in
the case of ex-Secretary of State Caleb
Powers, charged with being an accessory'
to the Goebel murder, came up before
Judge Cantrill this morning. Common
wealth's Attorney Franklin, in presenting
the objections of the prosecution, claimed
that the defendant had not exercised dua
diligence to get his witnesses here.
Ex-Governor Brown, for the defense, re
plied that the affidavits filed show abun
dance of cause for a continuance and as
serted that a trial under the circum
stances would be so much labor lost, as
the higher courts would certainly reverse
the verdict on the ground of error.
The motion for a continuance was over
ruled, the court finding that it was the
fault of the defense that witnesses were
not present. The court notified the de
fense that they might have attachments
Issued, returnable Tuesday, for all absent
witnesses, and said special bailiffs would
be provided and compulsory processes
granted In order to bring witnesses here
if it were desired.
At the afternoon session of the court
the defense filed a special demurrer to tho
Indictment against Powers, holding that it
Is Invalid because It names Powers as an
accessory and does not name a principal.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
WOODLANT), July 11. — Th« officers-elect of
"Woodland Parlor of Native Daughters were ln-
Btalled Tuesday nlKht.
CAPE TOWN, July 11.— The Duke of Mari
borough, the Duke of Norfolk, Lady Sarah
Wilson and Dr. Conan Doyle Balled for Ens
land to-day.
WOODLAND July 1L— Tho Supervisors have
accepted the bid of the Capital Telephone and
Telegraph Company, and passed an ordinance
authorizing the erection of poles and stretching
of wires.
BAVANNAH, GtL, ~7uly ll.-Th« Seaboard
Air Line has filed in the courts a mortgaga. for
$75,000,000. The mortgage la to cover the Issue
of nrty-year 4 per cent gold bonds and Is exe
cuted to the Continental Trust Company gf
Baltimore, Md.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— It was stated at
the White House that no word had been re
ceived there to the effect that President llc-
Klnley will return to Washington Saturday
As far as the officials at the executive man
sion know, there has been no change in the
President's original plane.
BOSTON'. July 11.— Marsden J. Perry of
Providence was appointed temporary receiver
of the Massachusetts Real Estate Company by
Judge Cott in the United States Circuit Court
to-day on request of Clark M. Platt of Water
bury. Conn., a stockholder. The ', company
holds real estate In Iowa, Minnesota and Mas-
Fachuetts of the alleged stated value of $2,592 -
169 on May SI, 1899.-
CHICAGO. July U.— On application of the
Farmers' Loan and Trust Company of New
York, the Chicago Title and Trust Company
to-day waa appointed receiver of the Kankakee
Water Company and two other concerns In the
same business. This action was ordered by
Judge Kohlsaat In the United States Circuit
Court after a bill had been filed asking the
foreclosure of three mortgages amounting to
$225,000. ;
MILWAUKEE, WIs.. July 11.— To-day's ses
sions of the National Association of Bureaus
of Labor was taken up with routine work. The
principal feature waa an address by James W.
Latt, Secretary of the Internal Affairs of Penn
sylvania, on "Tht Law of Economics." Car
roll D. Wright of Washington was re-elected
president and James M. Clark of, Pennsylvania
secretary-treasurer.
Bain in Arizona.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July 11.— Reports frorn.
Yavapai County and several other point/
in the north tell of rains there, ana
aroused the hope here that the great
drouth in the Salt River Valley will be
broken within a few days.
Legislature and the State Senate he was
defeated for Congress by a narrow margin
by Philip Henry Dugro and later by Ros
well P. Flower. He made an excellent
public official, but he felt that his wealth
militated against him in seeking public
preferment. In England he has made his
personality strongly felt. He is the owner
of the Pall Mall Gazette and the Pall MpII
Magazine and is a large land-owner. Mr.
Astor is an accomplished scholar and a
man of strong character.
PARTY CAUSES HARSH
WORDS IN THE COMMONS
These remarks brought forth angry
shouts of "withdraw!" and on the de
mand of the Speaker, Mr. Maddlson with
drew his expressions.
IX)NDOX, July 11.— The Queen's garden
party at Buckingham Palace to-day was
an especially brilliant function. Her Ma
jesty came from Windsor to attend the
party and drove about among the thou
sands of guests, who included the mem
bers of the royal family, the diplomatic
corps and other distinguished people. The
members of the United States Embassy
and the consulate were present in full
strength.
The garden party gave rise to, an ex
traordinary scene in the House of Com
mons. The U3ual humdrum Wednesday
business was in progress, when an ad
journment was moved to enable the mem
bers to attend the function at Bucking
ham Palace. John Dillon. Irish Nation
alist, objected, saying that business in
terfered with such a purpose. Fred Mad
dison. Radical, who followed, protested
in an excited manner against what he
considered to be "flagrant abuse of gov
ernmental power and gross waste of the
time of the House." He declared that a
single clause of the agricultural holdings
bill, then under consideration, was worth
more than all the royal parties with all
"the royalty thrown in."
LONDON, July U.— "William "Waldorf
Astor'B sudden departure for Ger
many at the very height of the sea-
Bon, the canceling of all his en
gagements here and the recall of
the invitations which he had Issued for
house parties on next Sunday and on Sun
day week at Cliveden are universally re
garded as signalizing the close of his so
cial career In London. It is openly de
clared here that the Prince of "Wales,
who is the supremo arbiter of English
society, has cut him. In consequence of his
insulting treatment of Captain Sir Milne
last week, and London is only too ready
to take its cue in this mutter from its
future King, as Mr. Astor in spite of his
wealth and of the magnificence of his en
tertainments has made many enemies by
his numerous Idiosyncrasies and by his
extraordinary arrogance.
Confirmation is given to these stories of
Mr. Astor's fall from royal favor by tho
fact that his name is conspicuously absent
from the list of guests who attended the
Queen's garden party at Buckingham Pal
ace to-day, for which over a thousand in
vitations had been Issued.
Astor raised the question of his Ameri
can citizenship by his recent visit to New
York. In his luxuriant London surround
ings, purchased by the millions amassed
by his ancestors, he became extremely
vexed by the assessment of heavy per
sonal taxes upon him as a citizen of the
TTnited States. And bo he went to
New York "to learn what rights ho had
In that country." Ever since he took up his
residence In London In 1S90 Mr. Astor has
paid personal taxes In New York on prop
erty valuation of $2,000,000 without com
plaint. Other wealthy men have dodged
this obligation, as Mr. Astor might havo
done, by declaring residence abroad. Mr.
Astor's removal to make his home in Eng
land has always brought forth wide com
ment. It Is said that balked political am
bition and dissatisfaction with. New York
social life drove him to his splendid exile.
After serving as a member of the State
SAN JOSE, July 11.— An Investigation
into the two accidental deaths at AgnewB
Asylum last Sunday was conducted at
that institution to-day by the boaxd of
managers, who met there In regular ses
sion. The full board was present.
The deaths referred to were those of
G. A. Morss of Alameda, an Inmate, who
was boiled to death in a bathtub through
the carelessness of an attendant, and the
suicide of C. J. Singleton of San Fran
cisco, who Jumped from a window in the
second story.
Both accidents were the result of cul
pable negligence on the part of attend
ants. The investigation consisted in hear
ing the officials of the institution. After
this testimony and the statement by Dr.
Crane that both attendants implicated in
the carelessness that resulted in the acci
dents had been discharged, the board
unanimously adopted the following 1 reso
lutions exonerating the officials of the
asylum:
"With reference to the deaths of In-
I mates C. J. Singleton and G. A. Morss
; at Agnews Hospital on July 8, the board
of managers, after a careful and soarch-
I ing investigation info the cause of the
i fame, do lu-reby recommend that the of
licers of the hospital be exonerated from
all blame in the matter, but do censure
the attendants, U. C. O'Brien and G. \V.
Allen, for gross carelessness and negli
gence, and indorse the action of the su
perintendent, Dr. Crane, in their prompt
dismissal."
Medical Director Crane. Drs. Stocking
and Marvin and Supervisor Wilson were
examined in regard to the accidental
deaths. They knew none of the facts
arising from the carelessness of attend
ants but what Attendants Allen and
O'Brien had told them. | The attendants
were the only witnesses in both cases,
ar.d the facts as already published were
I related by the witnesses called to-day.
The managers then took up the charges
of cruelty which had been made to the
State Lunacy Commission In reference to
the treatment of Rose Tannebaum, a pa
tient, by her relatives. Dr. Crane. Assist
ant Physicians Stocking and Marvin and
the matron, Miss Fitzgerald, were exam
ined. They all gave practically the same
testimony. It was that Misa Tannebaum
was badly bruised when she came to the
asylum. They declared that Miss Tanne
baum was in the habit of fighting with
the oth^r patients and was always bruised
up. If she passed any patients she struck
them and thev hit back in return before
the attendant" could separate them. The
managers deemed this explanation suffi
cient. Dr. Crane, however, courted fur
ther investigation. He wanted the board
to fullv examine into the matter, and of
fered to call every employe of the hos
pital to prove these statements. The
managers declined to go any further Into
the matter and adopted the following res
olution unanimously:
'•After due investigation, the board finds
that in the case of Miss Tannebaum that
the officers and employes of the asylum
used reasonable efforts to afford proper
care and treatment of the patient, Rosa
Tannebaum. and no Just cause of com
plaint exists against said officers or em
ployes."
The board of managers of Agnews Asy
lum are considering the matter of pro
viding employment of some kind for the
inmates. Manager Hale reported that at
other asylums in the State the Inmates
are engaged In producing articles for use
in the institution. At Napa brick Is man
ufactured and at Stockton shoes. He
suggested that something of the kind
might be done at Agnews, and this mat
ter will be taken up by the managera.
Medical Director Crane reported that
there were 1004 patients in the hospital
June 30. of which number 419 were fe
males.
Board of Managers Inves
tigates Two Accidental
Deaths.
Proposition of Finding Some Kind of
Employment for the Inmates
of the Institution Con
sidered. •
OFFICIALS AT
AGNEWS FULLY
EXONERATED
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
REDDING, July 1L— The spreading of
rails on a temporarily repaired piece of
track seven miles above Delta, in extreme
northern Shasta County, this morning at
8:30 o'clock, caused the rear Pullman of the
southbound Shasta Express to pitch down
a sixty-foot embankment. Nothing but a
monster rock upon which the car became
impaled saved it and its ten occupants
from being dashed into the Sacramento
River far below. The car turned com
pletely over, landing against the rock
upon its side, where It hung nervously
upon the verge of the precipice. The ac
cident was due to the wreck of seven
freight cars at the same point the day be
fore.
A crew had but patched up the track for
the time being. All of the b.iasta Express
except the rear car passed over it in safe
ty. None of the ten passengers within it
were killed outright, but two of them are
certain to die. The others are all more or
less injured. The fatally hurt are Mra.
Professor Pierce of Woodland and John
Almon, a colored porter. Mrs. Pierce's col
lar bone was broken and her back badly
Injured. She was also internally Injured.
Almon'B head wae crushed. Professor
Pierce'B collar bone was broken. F. L.
Bkaggs chief clerk of the St. Nicholas
Hotel, San Francisco, who says he was in
five previous accidents, was nearly suuo
cated by escaping gas. He was otherwise
unhurt. Miss Ruth Morton, 16 years old,
of Woodland, had her hand badly cut. Her
brother, R. G. Morton, was slightly in
jured. R. V. Ellis and hia sister, Helen
Ellis of Hanford, were considerably
bruised, the latter having her head cut. J.
Long-street, the colored porter, had his
head cut, a rib broken and his shoulder
dislocated. Pullman Conductor Bgert and
buffet boy Woods were cut about the face
and body.
The people on the balance of the train
rescued the injured with difficulty. They
were hurried to Redding and cared for by
local physicians before being taken on.
The screams and moans were pitiful.
All of the Passeng*rs Were Injured
and It Is Feared That at
Least Two Will
Spreading of Rails Causes
a Serious Wreck in
Shasta County.
PULLMAN CAR
ROLLS DOWN A
STEEP BANK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
Sudden Departure for Germany Causes a
Stor.u That His -Social Career in the
British Metropolis Is Closed,
SNUBBED BY WALES,
ASTOR LEAVES LONDON
LOS ANGELES, July 11.— Frank C. Kib
ley, formerly of Chelsea. Mass., a Jeweler,
now residing at Pasadena, -Cal.. -nas peti
tioned the United States courts to be de
clared Insolvent. He owes $1821 to Chelsea
and Boston merchants. His assets are
$425.
An Insolvent Jeweler.
Die,
WILLIAM WALDORF ASTOR.
5
$ d\(o transaction complete until customer is satisfied.
| The Men's Departments
| isnite vwith the Women's
| Departments in extraorda-
| nary bargain -giving, to-
I day and balance of week*
»? Among the offerings for this week, already
Jf described in previous announcements, are:
Jf Standard Percales 7\o Cretonne Table Ccvsrs fSc
JS 50c Ribbons for Wo 25c Hir.dkerchieis (tedrs)..ffs
& 20c Piques for fOc 25c Cur ain Ch sins— pair. . . 5o
$ 20c Japanese Crepes 13c Bleached Sheeting— yard . . 22%ts
J $ 1 .50 Gloves 89o $ 1 .00 Embroidered Flann us....
ft? 20c Ttress Linings 1fc 68c
% 25c Wash Veils 15c 40c Boureite Zephyrs 23o
Jf Tapestry Table Covers 29c 30c Wash Cepons 2Oc
g $1.10 Silks for 73c 20c Printed Corded Batiste.. 12c
a? Lace Robes and Suits Half Price.
ti Empire and Ostrich Fans Half Price.
Sf> Center Pieces, Ovals and Tray Cloths at Haif*
I : _
I Men's A$B~ &\ f £&
I Wool Suits JbL
i Serges, Cheviots and M^^^/O II 11
g Cassimeres in this sea- V MP^l)
&: son's newest patterns; W^^^^^^^^^^^4^==^ =^*^
K round or double breasted W^£p|*p? 'P'/ii^r >A\ r^jHT"
g sack coats or\cutaway U 3iMJfl *MWr
ti frock3 — 25 styles to Wmj [p! uffffipy Pi\$J 'j;
*- choose from — perfectly Wjjjj |l | VrtT^M ffll vfc $1$
*C cut, nicely trimmad suits. |t||7 5 >S mil ml X 1% \W
it You will have a much mS I *^w/ w \p \vb
g better suit than you Ma :ai W lilj |;| B;
g counted on if you buy ||| J I !t f <
»? during the next three H J W i I \
5; Men's Wool Pants &~~^
g $1.45 — Neat pat- """%? «
V terr.?, strong y made, perfect pants that should be $2.00 or $2.59 — for throe
g Boys' 3-P3eco Suits $4.95— Slz<35 for 10 to 16 years;
£• knee pants, coat and double-breasted Test; god assortment of pretty patterra
K (this feason'9) in all-wool fancy Cassimerea. This offering also for threa dayj.
te Boys' Long Pants Suits $5.45— Ml woo 1 , durable Ca=;-
jj£ s meres, light, dark and medium color?, single or doable breasted coats; also a
j; line of a'l- wool bue Cheviot sni:?, with doub!e-brea»ted coat; our rejular fair
*>* price $7.53 — the vary special price for three days $5.45.
* IWvrcerizsd Socks, Men's Baibriagan
I 3 pairs lor SOc. Underwear, 33c.
*• Men's Mercerized ,— ~ Three of the best selling lines
g r If of underwear that we have had
tf like silk; hard to M/&! thls season - At the above P rice
g tell the differtneo iiMl ' \ until closing time Saturday.
g in tha blues, drabs 'iU 'f. Balbriggan Unlershirts and Drawers in
g and cardinal* (tha l-jjj h a nic9 com binition of white an I h*lio-
g new co'ors); 40 /M trope-per garment 39c
J. dozen on sale bal- Mf I D."by-ribbed. form fifths Shirts sni
jf anceoftha week; J^? y&'z) Drawers in a pretiy shade of bin*—
£ 3 pairs forl/ W"^ per garment 39c
H SOc &I S !D?rby-ribDed, fora-fitting Shirt* and
*L w*#t»« Vl( —^s Drawerj; plain white, extra well
i » Third Aisle— Right of Entrance. made — per garment 3Bo
i $1.00 Hats 39c, Thlrd Alsl^ Rl8ht of Entran ~
g Boys' Rough
I *£ 35 Golf Shir1s > *8°-
g C^#|1?|g|5^^jsijpfl with colored Too many m>n*3 G-V.f Shirtj ia stock — so
fc* *^*^ bands, and less than half tbe price you expeced t->
g fane* nixed! pay, for a large !o:of fiie Percale Golf
g with fancy banis; good wide brims, be- Shirrs, with separate cuffo to jae%
li* coming style; regular prica 90 match — for 3 days, each . ~t%$C
*I $1.0C — for 3 day3 *9*jG Ttiird Aisle— Right of Entrance
x P* ™ OoSdcn f^Mie Batara a rv **i
5F CAUFORNIA'S LAROEST— AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE.
te
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE BOWELS,
[Peruna a Safeguard Against Summer Catarrh.]
I Peruna, I was about thirty years old. I
ii^§«'™25 ? iK^ l ' >^ Wil ' 3 bothered quite often through the year
iS^Pi^^ •' <rul Q l!lle bad. They would generally last
or — «^ / for a day or two, but the last time I had
m >2sL l^ted over two weeks, and was ter-
B v»\ ribly bad. My wife bought a bottle of
jo v*(» Peruna, and the first dose I took helped
m <*!•% * .*-»«s^ Y*B m«. I have only had one slight attack
fi r?S*\ *&£*^*£S A'l since, and that was lust spring, and I took
1 * la' about two-thirds of a bottle of Peruna to
yjl ~~ / "~ ss ~ kL Mrs. George. W. Taylor. Lex. Tenn.,
|M 7 \^\ says: "I had had chronic diarrhoea for
rfl Z&x&k fmjl Blx years- / tried everything I could
M >#^^to l^K f^J hearof and had consulted several phy-
\ f^ sicians without avail. My husband
*»\^ --^«e) / bought me a bottle of Peruna and I
>^J2£ J^ k '^w^' began to improve at once, j can do
%. -^^ anything I ever could, and eat anything
y^$£*S X^ 5w\5^SS without Inconvenience: and when I say
¦ '^%^*$3& /T\ W^V^^ lf it had not b<n>ri for Peruna I would now
I'rr&GiQ&ikt**^ / \ ,-^%cHy^ be in nly rrave > I do not thInk l exag-
£ j'oiln W. Methvin of Belva. Ark., writes:
1& %%Z2W> "I had what is called catarrh of the lower
*-«££3S>/s«252Cpr51 li W^ra^^// bowels, ar.d r.o one knows the torture and
S^^^SSvSc<\ r^?\ misery I have passed through. My rtoc-
"~-y / ¦ *3^ tor seemed to do me no good. I had often
A —,'"!_, _ — "_. heard of Peruna when I was first taken
O. w. Grter. Watsontown. Pa. 6 i c k, but I did not know it was good for
O. W. Grler, of Watsontownw Pa., says: catarrh until I saw one of Dr. Hartman's
¦"Pprnnn A/t« linnc whni imin Anninr** advertisements In the paper. I made up
reruna nas aone wnat tour aoctors my mlnd x woul( 3 try i t , a s my doctor was
could not not do. My bowels are doing me no good. / g O f a tottle of Pe-
now all right and / recommend Pe- runa and began to feel better after the
runa to everybody who has bowel first dose. I believe if it had not been
trouble. It is our family medicine, for Peruna I would have died. Every
J think I would have been in my grave one said I was going to die and I be-
to-day had it not been for you." lieved it. To thoso wh o are suffering with
Robert W. Goodwin. Moddersville, catarrh I take pleasure in recommending
writes: "Four years ago I had j your medicine to them."
fceen bothered with cramps in my stom- j A book entitled "Summer Catarrh sent
ech or down clos=e to tH* l^wels ever sine© j free by The Peruna Medicine Co.. Colum-
I was a boy. At the time I took your I bus. Ohio.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.Oakland has begun the fiscal year free from debt.
It might be added also that she can bestow a few
gifts in the form of belligerent politicians whom she
would not miss and who would give spice to the life
of other communities.
MRS. LEASE'S VIEW OF IT.
\A RS. MARY ELLEN LEASE of Kansas once
/ \ filled so large a place in American politics
! ' that there was not a lid in the country big
I enough to cover it. Her poses were visible and her
preaching was audible from one side of the continent
to the other. Then there came a period when the
republic had a rest. There were blizzards and thun
derstorms as of yore, but Mrs. Lease was quiet Thus
1 there came upon the people a conviction that she had
i retired from the arena of disputation and reform,
and betaken herself tc raising chickens or Belgian
hares. That belief was erroneous. The lady is still
alive and is kicking.
Her reappearance in the forefront of the gathering
i storm of the campaign is due to a discontent with
J what happened at Kansas City. Mrs. Lease likes
Bryan, but she likes Populism more, and she has a
suspicion that* Bryanism is but the whiskers of Popu
j Iism without the spirit. Consequently she has arisen
to give her opinion of the Kansas City convention
and it is an opinion that does her credit. She is re
ported to have said this about the thing:
"Not since the palmy days of the great showman,
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. July 1J. — S. M. Brwnan oi
San Francisco is' at the Netherland. H
T. Hazard of Los Angeles is at the Astor
George J. Gordon of San Francisco is at
the Empire.
Dr. G. "W. Dwlnell of Montague Is at the
Palace.
Dr. G. D. Pratt of Halfmoon Bay Is at
the Lick.
W. H. McKenzIe, a banker of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
Dr. D. Hood of Battle Mountain, Nev..
Is at the Grand.
Dr. O. S. Shannon and wife of Tulare
are guests at the Lick.
Lew E. Auburn, a mining: expert of Los
Angeles, Is at the Grand.
Dr. Dudley Smith and Mrs. M. F. Smith
of Philadelphia are at the Palace.
Frank H. Buck, an extensive fruit
grower of Vacavllle, is at the Palace.
Dr. F. A. Beeman and wife and A. P,
Seeman and wife of Dubuque. Iowa, are
at the Lick. •
James G. Nicholson, a merchant oi
Liverpool, is a guest at the Palace. H<
is accompanied by Frederick Alcock anc
Albert WhiteBide, both of Liverpool.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Tr-;OSE PARIS COMAMSSIONS.
ONE blunder after another seems to follow in
the wake of the officials of this country at the
Paris Expojition. We have already referred
to the gross omissions of thoughtfulness on the part
of the California Commission. Furnished with car
loads of wine free by our vintners, to be used in their
official hospitalities, at the only function, so far, in
which they were hosts only foreign wines were
served. In other ways they have failed entirely to
represent the State, and have permitted the entire ex
clusion of our wines from competition.
On the heels of this comes a blunder by the Fed
eral Commissioner, Mr. Peck. The President of
France paid a visit of courtesy and ceremony to the
United States quarter and pavilion. Federal Commis
sioner General Peck was not on hand to receive him.
and he came in contact with the charwomen, sweep
ers and glass wipers employed in the place. The sec
retary of the commission was there, but could not
receive President Loubet. not having been introduced
to him. A few stray Americans who were in the place
and saw and felt the situation keenly sent a hurry
call to the United States Embassador to France and
got him there before the President had withdrawn.
General Peck is furnished with abundant means to use
in the duties, courtesies and hospitalities. So far, like
the California Commissioners, he seems to have con
tented himself with being praised by his subordinates
and drawing his pay.
The United States building was a frightful frac
ture c£ all laws of taste in architecture, was unsafe for
occupancy, and had less charms than the Mechanics*
Pavilion in thi« city the morning after a cake walk.
There was money enough to construct an effective
building. Why it was not done no one seems to
know, but all Americans in Paris know that it was
not, and blush for what is and sigh for what might
have been.
THE SPELLBINDERS.
IT is an old saying that there's grief enough to go
around. The hardest heart felt for the Bryan
Democracy when J. Webster Davis joined it az
Kansas City. He had been an extreme Republican,
a hre-eater as to the Philippines and all round go-it
blind partisan. He changed because the President
would not deceive the Boers by pretending that this
Government can help them against England.
The Republican party was just getting ready to
bow its acknowledgment of felicitations on beir^ rid
cf Davis, when there came to it the undeserved mis
fortune of the accession of John Barrett. It 15 now
a tie. as far as bad luck goes. Barrett knows more
things that are not so than any other man in the
country- He has been on all sides and the bottom
and the top of all reccr.t public questions. We pro
pose that the sorrows of the parties be mitigrated and
a contribution made to the humor of the campaign
by having a joint debate between Barrett and Davis,
i:i which each will draw the deadly parallel on the
other. As a show it will beat Adam Forepaugh's.
even with Bryan speaking under the tent
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DAt IN MARCH— Subscriber. City.
The 29th of March, 18S7, fell on a Tuesday
8UPERI0R JUDGES-R., Vallombrosa,
Cal. There are twelve Superior Judges In
San Francisco.
THE CHINA-J. C. City. The steamer
China of the Pacific Mail line is an eigh
teen-knot ship. She has often averaged
fourteen knots an hour on trips from
Hongkong to San Francisco.
FAMINE IN INDIA— W. J. S.. Oak-
land. Cal. The principal cause of the
famine in India Is that there was a lack
of rain for four years and consequently
there was a failure of the grain crops.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE— J. M..
City. The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
is open, free to the public, on the first
Fridav of each month. Children, if ac
companied by parent or guardian, are ad
mitted.
GOLD AND SILVER-C. B. H.. City.
The weight of one million dollars in United
States gold coin is 3686.4 pounds avoirdu
pois. One million In United States silver
dollars weighs 68,931, pounds avoirdupois,
or nearly 2SV4 tons.
AUSTRALIAN BALLOT— Subscriber.
Franklin Tunnel. Santa Fe Line. Each
State in the Union prescribes the qualifi
cations for voters. Congress does not pass
any laws on that subject. The Australian
ballot system, or a modified form thereof,
is In operation In every State and Terri
tory of the Union except North Carolina
and New Mexico.
TO EXTERMINATE RATS— E. C.
City. It is said that dry chloride of lime
scattered all around a house and placed
at the holes In and out of which rats pass
will drive them away from the house. It
is also said that one of the most simple
and most effective ways to catch rats
is to use a trap made as follows: Fill
a barrel half full of water. Make the
cover half an tnch smaller all around than
the Inside of the top of the barrel. Drive
a French or wire nail on each side of
the cover exactly opposite each other,
so as to act as a pivot and fit to the
barrel, so that a light weight will tip
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
THE Columbia Theater is filled with
appreciative crowds nightly to see
"A Marriage of Convenience." Hen
ry Miller takes fullest advantage
of the fine opportunity afforded by
the role of the Count de Candale. Mlaa
Dale's Marthon is equally good and Miss
Anglin as the Comtesse de Candale Is
"The Lla.s" will be present
ed. Mr. Miller also announces the Bur
ton Holmes lectures, magnlncentb lUus
trated in colors and with appropriate mo
jfe «^x llcture^pi jy^ -fS^
§3fe '£3P- d C a a n n d i -° n "H f a^i Z a O n
Islands" are the subjects chosen.
• • • •
The "Dancing Girl" at the Grand Opera
house continues to draw well. Miss
Wakeman's picturesque tumble down-
Ftairs and her quaint Quaker girl are
much admired. Next week the new Praw
eyB will present the famous Drury Lane
melodrama. "The Great Ruby."
• • •
"The Geisha" still crowds the Tlvoll
Opera-house and apparently could con
tinue indefinitely to do so. "Wang will
be> put on next week with all the comic
opera stars In the cast.
• • •
"A Contented Woman," with the new
beauty. Miss Norma Whalley. in the name
role, la playing to good houses at the Call
fornla. The eight mascots and Mary Mar
ble give enjoyable specialties. Next faun
day night "At Gay Coney Island will be
given by the all-star cast.
» • •
The revival of "Camille" at the Alca
zar, with Florence Roberts in the title
role, is proving profitable. Next week
"lngomar" will be the bill.
• • •
The Orpheum is doing an excellent busi
ness with this week's good show. Barrere
and Jules. Smith and Fuller and Stella
Mavhew are among the new names. The
four Cohans bid farewell to the Orpheura
this week. , , ,
The third act of "Martha" Is giving
much pleasure at Fischer's concert house
this week. Baby Dolliver, Dects and Don,
Isabelle Underwood and Edison's project
oscope are among the other attractions.
• • •
Cannon, the fat man; the tamlne of
Wallace, the lion; amateurs* night to
night and a Friday night cakewalk Is the
bill at the Chutes and Zoo this week.
The Board of Public Works on the re
port of City Engineer Grunsky has al
ready recommended that grades be fixed
on several streets opposite Bernal Heights
and the work In other sections that has
been put off from year to year will now
be vigorously prosecuted by the field dep
uties.
th» cover. Put some bait, firmly affixed
to the cover, and then place boxes one on
top of the other to almost reach the edpr«
of the barrel. The rats will ascend ths
boxes, and In jroingf on the barrel cover
to reach the bait will tilt It and drop Into
the water.
HARA-KIRI— K. N.. Dutch Flat. Cal.
Hara-kiri Is a form of suicide performed
In Japan by cutting open the abdomen by
two crosswise cuts with a short sword or
knife. Nearly all Japanese officials carry
on their persons two swords, one lonsr to
fight an enemy with, the other short tr>
perform hara-kiri with. If their honor 19
at all damaged. The honor of a man who
commits hara-kiri Is saved. Officials have
been commanded to kill themselves In this
way when by an act the/ fall Into dl3-
Krace. and by so dolnp their children have
Inherited all the father's protHrty and his
position. But such is not the case when
the sulrlde Is unbidden. Persons who
have suffered unendurable affront, which
cannot be otherwise (satisfied, sometimes
kill themselves in this way and thus sat
isfy their revenge upon their enemy.
—New Tork World
THE OPEN DOOR.
ONCE MORE THE OLD LESSON.
ONCE more the "people of California are receiv
ing costly instruction upon the subject of for
est fires. The fire record of the year has
been exceptionally disastrous in the East, and there
are portentous indications that it may be almost as
bad on the Pacific Coast. We have not yet reached
the period of the usual forest fire season, and already
a vast amount of damage has been done by such con
flagrations.
Two fires on a large scale within the State were
reported in the dispatches of yesterday. In the Santa
Cruz Mountains a fire was started by a balloon sent
up on the night of the Fourth of July. The balloon
dropped into the brush and at once there was started
a blaze which had not been extinguished at the time
the report was sent out on July 10. The dispatch
said:
"There is no foretelling when the fire will be con
trolled, in fact the general impression is that it will
burn itself out. It has already spread over thousands
of acres and as many more are doomed. No definite
estimate of the loss can be made at this time. Stand
ing timber and piles of cordwood have been destroyed
and acres of splendid pasture land are now black and
rmoking. Undoubtedly many cattle have perished,
although no direct reports of losses have been made.
Frightened animals fled before the wall of smoke and
fire and are now wandering at large among the hills.
It will be days, if not weeks, before the herds are
rounded up, and many will be woefully short."
The second report comes from Angels Camp, Cala
veras County. The fire started there on Saturday
night. In describing the fight against the flames the
report said:
"On Sunday the fire broke away again, and with a
roar like a distant cannonade started down the valley
at the base of Bear Mountain. Men, wearied with
their efforts and all-night vigils, rushed beyond to
'back fire' and try to turn the course, but before they
were aware of it a flame shot across Angels Creek
and into the treetops on the opposite side, a distance
of 300 or 400 feet. Almost immediately a cloud of
the blackest smoke rose into the air and could be*
plainly seen for miles around. All efforts to check the
fire were in vain, and it swept on for four miles to
the Stanislaus River, which it reached in two hours.
Every effort is being made to keep it from jumping
across the river, and men are stationed on Bear
Mountain to keep a close watch and sound the alarm
in the event of the fire starting up again. The ap
pearance of the country over which the fire burned
is one of desolation. Stockmen, who pasture in the
high mountains during the summer months and in the
burned section during the winter, will suffer the great
est, as the supply of giass is entirely destroyed. Un
less early rains set in the stock will suffer greatly."
Here we have two widely separated sections of the
State swept by fires of such magnitude that in each
case thousands of acres have been burned over, and
an immense loss entailed, not only of timber and of
grass, but of cattle. These two instances have been
cited simply because they are a part of the news of
the day. Many other fires of less extent have pre
ceded them, and in the aggregate the losses caused
thereby have been sufficient to teach the importance
of some system of fire prevention, even had neither of
the two conflagrations we have noted taken place.
What wisdom will the people of California learn
from these disastrous lessons? Year after year fires
sweep the forests and the fields of California. Mil
lions of dollars' worth of valuable timber goes up in
smoke and leaves nothing but a worthless ash heap.
Nor is that all. Denuding the hills and mountains of
their forests deprives them of the power to retain
moisture, and as a consequence we have torrential
streams in the wet season and arid and parched lands
in the dry season. Thus one loss brings in its train
another loss. Could the total amount of what Cali
fornia has suffered by forest fires in the last twenty
years be accurately computed, the result would be
startling and by many it would be regarded as in
credible. .
This fall the people of California are to elect mem
bers of the Legislature which will meet this winter.
If there is any wisdom learned from the fires it is now
timely to apply it. Let every candidate for the Legis*
lature be pledged to support a comprehensive system
of fire prevention. Delay is costly, far more costly
than experiments in forest preservation would be;
and. moreover, any well devised experiment of the
kind would be beneficial, while delay means a loss
that carries with it no compensation whatever.
@3rc -jgj^s <£»%
THURSDAY JULY 12, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^Propriyor.
*dd-ess Ml Communica'bnstoW.S.LEAKE. Manager.
FCKL1CATIOS OFFICE .. M.rkel.J d Third. S. V.
Telephone Pre»»
EDITOniAL ROOMS.... 217 t« 2« Ste^en.on St.
Telephone Pre" 2«>2.
Delivered *»T Cnrrler-. 15 Cent* Per Week.
fclncle Cople«. C Ceati.
Term- l» Mall. Including Po.tnffei
DAILT CALI> fincludlr.g Soniay). one year W."»
DAILY CALL (Including- Bunday>. J m0 "^» \%
DAILY CALL .Including Sunday). » month* i-«
DAILY CALL-Ey Single Month "*»
CTTKnAT CALL One Year /^
WEEKLY CALL One Year "" *•""
All poilmftiteri are owthorl«ed to receive
anb«orli»lton«.
Sample ecplea will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers la OTdTtng chang* of address should im
pJuSiu tV^U both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In crd«
t» Sn»ux» a prompt anfl correct compliance with their request.
OAUXASD OFFICE 11X8 Broadwai
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mtna^er Foreign Advertising. Marquetto Budding. Chicago.
tLeci Dl«tanoe Telephone "Central ttiX")
KKW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW TCRK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulidme
CHICAGO NETWS STANDS:
Ehenaan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rv.rn.ji Ilcuae; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brc&Uno, V. Unlo» Square:
Ucrray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hots.
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
Bit tVCH OFFIC E«- £27 Montgomery, corner or Clay. crx»a
until %:K o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until »:S» o'clock. «33
McAllister. or*n cntll »:tt o'clock. £15 Larkln, open until
f.za o'clock. :*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2161 Market,
ccraer Sixteenth, cprn until S o'clock. 10S« Valencia, open
UE'J! S o clock. We Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky. QP*n until » o'clock.
THE GOLD DEMOCRATS.
I — \ OLITICAL interest again begins to center in
L>J the probable action of the Gold Democrats,
* who, in 1896, refused to change the historic at
titude of their party, and smote Bryan from July to
November. Their national committee meets on the
25th inst. in Indianapolis and will propose some ac
tion. Just what it will be is now not surely known.
The Kansas City platform enables a guess at what
that party will do. That platform takes pain's to an
tagonize the Indianapolis platform of 1896. It de
nounces the gold standard, raises an outcry against
banking reiorm. and demands, in effect, greenbacks,
and offensively declares for the free coinage of silver
at 16 to 1. As these matters were the points of differ
ence most discussed in 1896, it will be seen that Gold
Democrats are offered the open door into the Bryan
organization, upon tie hard condition of admitting
that they were wrong four years ago. and are or
dered to indorse in equally offensive form the pol
icies which they then refused to adopt. In addition
to the financial issues there were others raised in
the Chicago platform which were nearly as offensive
to the Gold Democrats, and upon which Mr. Bryan
laid equal stress. These have been referred to by
Abram S. Hewitt, iormer chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee, who says: "A man like
Bryan, who denounced as government by injunction
the performance by the judiciary of duties imposed
upon it by the constitutional law of the land; who
denounced the Supreme Court, the bulwark of law
and liberty; who sought to overthrow the judiciary
of the country, is a man too limited in understanding
and too violent in impulse to be entrusted with the
great office of Presidert. The American conception
of government has always been liberty regulated by
law. The Bryan notion is despotism regulated by
anarchy."
Hon. J. Sterling Morton of Nebraska says: "The
Gold Democrats arc as firm in their conviction for
honest money and as loyal to principle as they were
in 1896. With Mr. Bryan as the nominee they will
use, with slight variation, the words he uttered at
Richmond in 1896, 'We will not come back.' The
Gold Democrats of the United States will not sup
port Bryanarchy, with or without silver."
Mr. Fairchild. former Secretary of the Treasury,
indorsing Mr. Hewitt's statement, says: "Mr. Brynn
ought not to be voted for, whether he adheres to or
subordinates silver at 16 to i." Bourke Cockran an
nounces that he will stand this year where he did in
1896, opposed to Bryan.
It will be seen that all the objections to Bryan in
1S96 are still in issue, and that the financial question
is only one of them, the main one to be sure, but
there are others. The Gold Democrats lay much
stress upon the fact that the gold standard law will
be swept away by any groundswell that would sweep
Bryan into the White House. Very important sup
plementary legislation is required in carrying out the
Indianapolis platform, and of course there is not
only no hope of securing it from the Bryan party,
but there is the disquieting fact that what has been
done will be undone, and the country will be adrift
again upon the stormy financial sea in which so many
wrecks went down when the free silver gale was
abroad.
It has not escaped notice that the Democratic party
made a gigantic effort to purge itself of all the her
esies which Bryan fastened upon it. It felt the hope
le^ness of its fight, on the lines of 1896, and labored
to shift upon others. But Bryan rode it like the OKI
Man of the Sea. and it had to respond to his spur.
Those who made this cleansing and purgative effort
see now, very clearly, that if he is elected the party
must continue to deck itself in weeds for garlands,
and go in the wild course into which he has directed
it. Those who see this are not willing to make their
burdens permanent, and are not ambitious to help a
party that strikes like a madman at everything that
is, s-.vinging the torch of arson to destroy, with never
a suggestion of any plan for building up.
No party administration was ever perfect. If it
were there would be but one party. All administra
tions are subject to criticism. But what the people
see is the general trend and direction of a party. If
these be toward doing what government may for the
prosperity of the people, -their protection by law at
home and their safety abroad, minor mistakes arc
forgotten and errors are forgiven. There is something
in every administration that needs to be condoned.
This the people are always willing to do. They are
not to be deceived when condonable acts are seized
upon by the political opposition for prominence, and
are put forward as the things characteristic of the
whole administration. What they ask is, not is there
chaff with the wheat, but is the wheat itself good.
The Gold Democrats seem determined to give their
strength to the principles of sound money and to
believe it unwise to abandon that cause at a time that
is as critical as ever before.
They are under no illusions in the matter, and are
not to be driven any more now than in 1896. They
seem to see with great clearness, that if the hard work
done shall go for naught, and the steps taken shall
be retraced, no one can tell when the lost ground
may be regained.
They do not regard the question as settled. Eleven
Senators change. Two of them are already replaced,
free silver men taking their places, in the States of
Kentucky and Louisiana. Both of the retiring Sen
ators. Lindsay and CafTery, were Gold Democrats.
The States which yet elect are Colorado, Idaho. Kan
sas Montana, Nebraska, New Jersey. South Dakota,
West Virginia and Wyoming. Should they follow ths
lead of Kentucky and Louisiana, sound money and
the gold standard will have the precarious majority
of one in the Senate after March 4, 1901, and might
be strangled in its cradle by Colonel Bryan.
It is probable, therefore, that the GolcT Democrats
will abide by the principle they sought to establish
until its foundations are so fixed that nothing can
disturb them.
P. T. Barnum, has such a colossal aggregation of po
litical hybrids, trick riders, reform clowns and equine
performers held forth in an American city. The great
show is really a combination of several smaller
shows, all combined under the big Democratic
tent that has Jefferson and . expansion at the en
trance and Bryan and anti-expansion at the exit. The
Populist party is not here, nor is it decently repre
sented by the straggling hangers-on who call them
selves Populists, and who are here to make the pre
tense of holding a convention and indorsing the can
didate selected by Democracy because they are paid
to do so. The fire and enthusiasm and consecrated
spirit of Populism have gone out, and the boodle
refuse of the party have become parasites upon the
Democratic growth. The greed for spoils has pene
tiated their vitals, and their motto is 'Get office, and
get it any way.' They are sorry samples of the reform
that will come to this country should they ever have
opportunity to put their theories into practice."
It will be seen from that specimen that in her re
tirement Mrs. Lease has nursed her eloquence and
kept it warm. Her ginger has not lost its strength;
neither in her advancing age has she taken to lollipop
or soothing syrup. Moreover, in the lashing of her
tongue there is truth. The Populists who have be
trayed the party of Mrs. Lease's love to Bryan have
done so for a chance of office. Many of them may
even have been paid for it, as she says, lender the
most favorable point of view they cut a poor figure,
and give no evidence of a single spark of what the
irate lady calls "a consecrated spirit."
There is a chance for Mrs. Lease to take the stump
for the Wharton-Donnelly ticket. It is a good ticket
for talking about and stumps are plentiful. The "po
litical hybrids, trick riders, reform clowns and equine
performers" need just such a castigation as she can
give, and since there is to be such a multitude of talk
this fall that one haranguer more or less will make no
difference, the people will be glad to have her raise
her shrill voice and "show 'em up."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
An Eastern man, who wants to contribute a band of
Indians for the Native Sons' celebration, suggests
that if he. has not a sufficient number of braves we
might induce members of the Iroquois Club to join
the company. He forgets that our Iroquois are affec
tionately but familiarly known as old squaws.
The British Liberals are grinding their teeth over
the fact that they have a splendid home programme
of reform on which they know they could carry the
country if they could only get . a hearing, but the
racket of so many wars going on doesn't give them a
chance. •
City Engineer's Office Begins Work
Which "Will Permit of Many
I' Improvements.
The City Engineer's office Is now en
gaged in the Important work of establish
Ing grades in various tracts throughoul
the outlying: sections of the city whlct
will permit , of extensive improvement!
now in contemplation by property owners
Commissioner Manson of the Board 01
Public Works said yesterday that it wll
require at least $36,000 to do the work
The sum of $25,000 only is available, how
ever but this will be applied to the wori
as far as it will go. Two parties have al
ready been placed In the field by Cltj
Engineer Grunsky for the purpose of fix
ing grades and also to determine the lines
or numerous streets. The tracts seleetec
include the Homestead, West End anc
Sunset districts, a certain* portion of th<
Richmond District, what is known as Sai
Miguel- City' and the Bunnyside Tract
Few grades have hitherto been estab
lished in- the outskirts of the southerlj
portion of the city, which will now be pu
in proper condition for many improve
ments that are to be made. In some dls
tricts even the lines of the Btreets an
not clearly defined and surveys will b<
necessary before any Improvements car
be begun. In some Instances whole tract!
must De surveyed, as there are no monu
ments marking the alignment of streets
TO ESTABLISH GRADES
IN OUTLYING DISTRICTS
It seems after all that the leaders of the national
Democracy and of the Populists have a keen sense of
the fitness of things. Each party is to have its own
Vice Presidential nominee, but the Democrat is to re
ceive the combined vote in the electoral college. The
contestants evidently realize that this vote will not be
difficult to count.
It was just as well for Senator Hanna to contra
dict the report of a plot to assassinate the President,
but if he purposes to refute all the fakes that the
yellow journals of New York put forth during the
silly season, he will have no chance for a holiday this
summer.
It may be well enough for the Gold Democrats to
nominate a ticket this year as they did in 1896 just for
the sake of keeping up the record, but when election
day comes the only safe plan will be for them to
¦vote straipht for McKiTiley and Roosevelt-
6
After a sleepless night, use Dr. Stejr«rt'i An-
rostura Bitters to tone up your system. All
druggists.
Cheap Bate to St. Paul and Return.
Cheapest rate of the season; tickets oa «a!4
July 11th and 12th. T. K. Stateler. Gea. Ant..
Northern Pacific Ry.. 63S Market «t.. a. W.
?72 40 for St. Paul.
Bt. Paul can be reached In a comfortable way
en the Santa Fe Route, and In order that you
may have an opportunity to learn this cheaply
we will sell tickets there and back for (72 40
on July 11 and 12. Come to 623 Market street.
Train goea at 9 a. m._
To Lecture on Ireland.
The one hundred and twenty-second of
the California Camera Club's Interesting
Illustrated lectures will take place to-
morrow evenlnt? at R o'clock. The
subject chosen In Ireland, and the lec-
turer, the Rev. Alfred Kummer. will tell
his audience how he kiesed the Blarney
stone. The lecture will be appropriately
illustrated.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery el. Telephone Main 1042. *
81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery
stores, best eyeglasses, specks, 10c to 40c.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per IT> at Townsend's.*
Alcarar-"Ca.!r.l!l«>."
Orriheum — V«udevlJle.
Grand Orxra-h >ue* — "Th» Dinctr.t Girl."
Columbia— 'A Marriage cf Convenience."
California— "A Cor.fnted Wcsas."
TJvcll— "The Geisha-"
Olvn:pSjL. corner M«*on *cd Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every aiternoon ajid
•ver.'.r*.
Fischer 1 *— '•Martha. 11
French National Ok-brallon— At the Chutes, Saturday. July i
14.
Sutro Bath*— Oj>en n'.chta. '
AMUSEMENTS.
SEE THE LIFE OF B
GREAT COMIC CALIFORNIA U
AND DOTS I
HALF-TONE . AT g
SECTION. HARVARD. B
THE WHEN
ADVENTURES JAS. C. BLAINE
OF A . WAS A
"HOODOO" CANDIDATE.
SAII—ORm By MRS. J. S. CLAItHSOfi.
rIT LEADS \ I
THEM ALL— THE >. — g
<pUNDA Y> j]
\QALL,.<^==A
THE THE
STORY LATEST
OF CALIFORNIA
MAY YOHE. PRINCESS.
BOOKS, MART
FICTION STOIKE9 ||
AND TffE. OfP I
LATBST . THMLLIHO I
FASHIONS. INTEREST. 9Victim of Flimflammers.
Two strange men entered Meggert's
bakery, 727 Larkln street, last night and
cleverly flimfiammed the woman In charge
out of $10. The first man came In and
threw down a $10 bill to be changed. He
bought 5 cents worth of confectionery an-l
went out with $9 95. A few moments later
another man came In and asked for a $10
bill, as he wanted to send some money
East In a letter. The unsuspecting vic
tim handed him the bill she had just re
ceived. He put it in an envelope and then
saying that he only had $9 went out osten
sibly to collect the other one. He gave
the envelope into which he had apparent
ly thrust the bill to the lady to keep till
he came back. He did not return and the
envelope when opened contained but a
piece of blank paper.
boxes, toothpick cases, puzzle Jugs (war
ranted to giro a shower bath Instead of a
Mrs. Marie Hill, wife of William Hill,
a jockey, now working at the Emeryvtlla
foundry, appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of disturbing tho
peace. She was arrested by Policeman.
Kentzell on Eddy street, between Mason
and Taylor, early yesterday morning. The
policeman said she was drunk and rals
.fng a row in front of a restau
rant. Mrs. Hill said she was with
a friend, Mrs. Schaffer, who lives
above the restaurant, and was
to sleep with her all night Instead of go
ing to her home In the Richmond district.
Mrs. Schaffer had forgotten her key and
was knocking on the window of the res
taurant when the policeman made the
arrest- The Judge dismissed the case
and Mrs. Hill said she would file a chaxgs
against the policeman.
Alleges "Wrongful Arrest.
JULIUS KRUTTSCHNITT
SOON GOES TO PARIS
Southern Pacific's General Manager
to Attend the International
Railway Congress.
General Manager Julius Kruttschnitt ct
the Southern Pacific Company will leave
next week for Paris to attend the Inter
national Railway Congress, representing
Um West as a delegate from the Associa-
tlon of American Railways. Tho congress
is to be the greatest affair of railroad his
tory and important results are expected.
The leading railway men of every nation
are to b*» there. .
Mr. Kruttsehr.Itt was selected because
he Is consldervnl one of the highest author
ities In the Triced State?, lie will leave
here about the -3th lnst. and will probably
be absent about six weeks, or just long
enough to cet through the business of the
congress. Mr. Xruttschnitt sayg that he
Is not going on a pleasure trip, but for
hard work. He does not expect to have
much time to s-ee the exposition.
Meeting Will Be Held Next Week to
Straighten Out Civil Service
Tangle.
At the meeting of the Police Commis
sioners yesterday afternoon the license
of PIncus Lafkovltz, a junk dealer at 415
Pacific street, was ordered revoked. Laf
kovitz was before Judpe Fritz charged
with buying junk from minors. The Judge
fined him $10 and asked the Commissioners
to take the action they did.
Ex-Omcer J. P. Cleary and ex-Police
Sergeant Wlttram app'.ied for restoration
to the department. Both men claim that
they were dismissed in 1S94 without just
cause. The Commissioners promised to
give their cases careful consideration.
The Civil Service Commissioners are to
Join the Police Commissioners in a meet-
Ing next week, the object being to
straighten out the tangle the promotion
examinations have produced.
All matters relating to license business
were put over until the return of Chief
Sullivan.
POLICE COMMISSION
REVOKES JUNK LICENSE
CITY OFFERED TWO MORE
WATER SUPPLY SYSTEMS
Marysville Company "Will Sell One
for a Million—Another Scheme
to Light the City.
The Marysville and Nevada Power and
Water Company yesterday submitted two
propositions to Chairman Reed of the Su
pervisors' Committee on Public Utilities.
In the first the company agrees to sell
and guarantee 10.000 inches of water to be
diverted at Alabama Bar on the North
Yuba River; also the right of way for
canals, tunnels, etc., and 2000 acres stor
age reservoir at the Oregon House Valley
and the headquarters of the North Yuba,
Judge Conlan Prepares a Petition to
Be Laid Before the Super
visors.
Owing to the Influx of Japanese and the,
number of crimes committed by them, the
need of an Interpreter in the courts has
been manifest for some time. C. H. Gef
feney has repeatedly volunteered his serv
ices in the Police Courts, but as he re
ceives no remuneration the Judges do not
care to encroach too much upon his good
nature. Yesterday Judge Conlan had sev
eral Japanese before him charged with
aiding and abetting a lottery, and as none
of them could speak or understand plain
Anglo-Saxon the cases had to be post
poned till Geffcney's services could be pro
cured.
"It is Just as necessary to have a Japan
ese interpreter." said the Judge, "as for
any other nationality. Almost every day
cases come before the courts in which
Japanese are complaining witnesses or de
fendants and the time has arrived when
an interpreter must be appointed. The
fact is we cannot get along without one."
The Judge, prepared a petition to the
Board of Supervisors to be signed by the
Judges of the Superior and Police Courts
and the Chief of Police asking that an
amount of money should be appropriated
to pay for the services of a Japanese in
terpreter and it will be presented at the
next meeting of the board.
JAPANESE INTERPRETER
NEEDED IN COURTS
Accidentally Asphyxiated While TJn
conscious From a Fall and Med
ical Science Fails to
Save Her Life.
«,
Mrs. Mary S. N'tcol of 2679 Twenty-first
street died under rather peculiar circum
stances last Monday. Mrs. Nicol had been
in poor health for eome time and on the
night of June 24 arose from her bed to
bathe her head in warm water. The gas
ptove on which she was accustomed to
heat the water was on a shelf and could
be reached only by standing on a stool.
In some unaccountable manner Mrs. Nicol
slipped after turning on the gas and fell
to the floor.
The fall rendered her unconscious and
she remained In that state for about fif
teen minutes before being. discovered, in
haling gas enough in that time to bring
about, in conjunction with her other ill3,
serious results.
In view of the fact that quietness was
desired, she was removed to the home of
her sister, Mrs. A. W. Valentine, 3213
Twentieth street, where she was attend
ed by Dr. Sobey. She lingered for a fort
night, but finally succumbed.
Mrs. Nicol was -45 years old. A husband
and five children survive her.
Peculiar Circumstances Sur
rounding Mrs. Mary S.
Nicol's Death-
DIES TWO WEEKS
AFTER INHALING
POISONOUS GAS
The company will expend $50,000 on the
construction of the system, which it will
sell for $0<X),0(«). In the second offer th©
companv proposes to deed the property
free from all incumbrance for $1,000,000. to
include the construction of canals, dama.
tunnels and masonry aqueducts, the water
to be delivered Into the Oregon House
reservoir.
An opinion by Attorney George L.
Hughes accompanies the offer, in which
he holds that he agrees with Judge Senrls
and M. Carlin of Marysville that the
company has a prior right to 10.00*) inches
of water, which is paramount to and ex
cludes any claims made by the Browns
Valley Irrigation District or the Yuba
Electric Power Company.
M. C. Taylor repeats an offer of a water
system owned by him. He advises the Is
suanc? of bonds to the amount of $2,500,
000. which will purchase the system and
complete an electric plant and bring to the
city 5000 horsepower, with the necessary
distributing wires, poles and conduits for
lighting the city.
li.
(Concluded.)
While the early English settlers un
doubtedly possessed many "chaynie dishes
of blew and white ware," they were not
put Into use except upon state occasions.
The first dishes used by our forefathers
were wooden, made by the Indians from
the maple or poplar. This service was ex
ceedingly rude — huge trenchers from
which an entire family dined, without the
aid of forks, or sociable small trenchers,
from which the children ate in pairs,
wooden noggins, clam shells for plates
and smaller shells set in split stick* as
ladles. These primitive implements w#r?
superseded bv pewter, which was in gen
eral use until after the revolution. Fre
quently those metal dishes were as care
fully omamentod with letters and armo
rial devices as were their silver cousins.
The early colonial papers often contained
quaint advertisement of communion beak
ers, save-alls. porringers and possets or
papbowls made of this commonplace ma
terial. The inventory tl77.">) of Josiah
Wedgwood, the father of English pottery,
but confirms the impression that china
came with painful slowness into general
use, for large quantities of pewter wore
thus found among the Wedgwood house
hold goods, notwithstanding the fact that
his pottery held hundreds of dozens of
white table pieces.
"Blue china, in the world of faience,
so states a vivacious authority, "occupies
much the same position -as Shakespeare
in poetry or Velasquez in painting." She
must have had in mind the early Staf
fordshire ware of that rioh dark blue
color which the Chinese called "the light
of heaven." sent to America in such quan
tities during the early part of this cen
tury. Graceful in shape, soothing in
color, varied in design, these wares, once
the delight of the colonial house mother,
are now the will-o'-the-wisp of the china
collector. Prominent among the many de
signs for which this ware is noted the
later reproductions printed in less pleas
ing colors are the decorations known as
the Beauties of America. Tomb of Frank
lin, Landing of the Pilgrims and Anti-
Slavery designs.
The blue ware most frequently un
earthed by the china hunter in search for
Staffordshire is the well-known willow
pattern, generally conceded to be the most
popular pattern evpr printed. Country
dealers, innocent of tho comparative mod
emness of this design, frequently chum
that their specimens date from the May
flower or long before the Revolutionary
War. and therefore command fabulous
prices.
Another popular blue ar.d whitP ware
was the "old l.lue canton" such as "Wash
ington and mary of his countrymen k^pt
for common use. A generous proportion
of colonial chir.a Is interesting to Ameri
cans either because of its peculiar por
traits of the father of his country and Il
lustrations of episodes in his life or be
cause it is a pirrt of the many sets once
in use in Mount Vernon. Among the*e
are the Fet presented to Mrs. Washington
by the officers of the French army: the
Fet with the figure of Fame bearing the
Cincinnati bads?e ; presented by the Society
of the Cincinnati; the s**t presented by
Lafayette the sets of Sevres porcelain
and the Crown Derby sets, and the set
with Washington's cipher, surrounded by
tiny rose wreaths, besides numberless odd
pieces and punchbowls.
Near relative to the English posset pot.
caudle cup. wassail bowl and gossip bowl,
the punch bowl (from "pauch," an Indian
drink) figured conspicuously during the
eighteenth century at funerals, christen
ings, elections, wedding feasts, church
dedications, apple-paring bees and at the
first Continental Congress. Washington's
collection of thfse capacious pledges of
goodfellowshin was numerous and famous
for varied reasons. Not the least Interest
ing among thein Is the one of Canton
china, the oldest piece of Chinese ware
decorated with the American flag. Th.^
Continental punch bowl, decorated with
the membership certificate of the Order of
the Cincinnati, together with its symbol
ical figures, is an unusunllv fine relic of
historic Federal times, for the decoratlor.3
are clear and beautiful and the bowl Is
In fine condition. The other one. showing
the scars of struggle, is Interesting be
cause it was for a long time buried in the
ground, which served as its hiding place
from Tarleton's men.
Before the revolutionary war no pottery
or porcelain was manufactured exclusive
ly for the American market. After that
time much of the Cincinnati pattern was
sent to this country and from the Staf
fordshire and Liverpool potteries came
the Eminent American series. In which
Washington and Franklin figured most
prominently on pitchers; and. curiously
enough, miieh ware decorated with de
signs representing battle scenes in which
the English were defeated. Upon many
pitchers were pictures commemorative of
incidents in the life of Washington—
"Scenes at Mount Vernon." "Washington
and Martha Prinking Tea." "The Apothe
osis of Washington." etc. One design pop
ular among English potters shows under a
medallion of "The Glorious American" the
words "Long live the President of the
United States," above, the legend. "My
favorite son," and still above that this
awful warning. "Deafness to the ear that
will patiently hear and dumbness to the
tongue that will utter a calumny against
the immortal Washington."
Other Liverpool novelties were patch
Preliminary Announcements Show
That the Season Will Be a
Brilliant One.
The preliminary announcement of tho
forthcoming season of grand opera at tho
Tivoli Opera-house promise? more in the
quantity and quality of entertainment
than has ever yet been offered in tho
operatic line in San Francisco. There has
been Melba at $7 a seat, with an indiffer
ently good supporting company; tho
French opera company for a short season.
with a few good operas, at $3 and $o a
seat: Italian opera companies galore, with.
their good soloists, wretched choruses
and miserable staging at fair enough, •
prices; also for a ye«r the respectably
good stock opera, company known as
Southwell's, at popular pricea; but tho
Tivoli we have always with us.
Thf» Tivoli Opera-house haa probably
done more for the cause of good music
In San Francisco than any other dozen
agencies combined. For twenty-one
years, rain or shine. In good times or evil,
the good work of thi* house has gone on.
All the standard operas have be»-n given
again and again. Many of the rarer
works have also been heard from time to
time, and a surprising proportion of ac
tual novelties have made their "first ap
pearance" on the Tivoli boards. The soio
ists have been always the best "that the
resources at hand permitted." The chorus
is famously good and the orchestra ar
tistically e<jual to any other in America.
The staging, also, is thoroughly satis
factory. \Vith all these advantages, and
at a price within everybody's reach, it 13
little wonder that the musical tone of San
Francisco ia something of a surprise to
the visiting artists. And let the good
work go on.
The last season of grand opera will bo
well remembered by all musicians. Eigh
teen weeks it lasted, and saw the magni
tic^nt success of Gaudenzio Salassa. the
triumphs of Avetiano ami many other
musical events, but this season should
outvie the last by double measure for
measure, according to the list of artlsta
already secured.
Salassa. the gre.at actor and singer, will
come again. Avedano. the fine tenor, will
also be here, both of these coming directly
from Italy. Anna Lichter. our sweet
soprano, and 'William Schuster are among
the welcomed names from last year's list.
As to the new names, they are no less
notable. Direct from La Scala, Alllan.
comes the famous basso profundo. Ales
sandrn Nieolinl. announced as "Europe's
greatest bass." Also from Alilan will
come the distinguished tenor Domenico
Rosso, one of the finest lyric tenors on
the stago. Another Italian to come will
be Signorina Italia Vittoria Repetto. the
lyric soprano, whose good worn is well
known. Sljrnorina Pollettinl, lats cf the
I-ambardl company, will be welcome in
the contralto roles, and Frances Stuart
Graham, now at the Tivoli. will also be
heard with pleasure. <juinto Zani. bary
tor.e, ends the list so far. but it is hinted
that another shining lisrht is yet to come.
Among the novelties to be produced dur
ing the season will be the famous "La
Boheme": Verdi's "Falstaff." with Slgrnor
Salasaa in the title role, and the "Haralet"
of Ambroise Thomas, with Salassa a.3 the
great Dane. Kalstaff fc» one of Salassa' 1 *
greatest roles. The repertoire will also
include "Alda." "Faust. ' "Lucia." "II
Trovatore." "Im Olocnnda." "I Papllac
ci." "Cavalleria Ru*ticana." "Lohengrin."
"The Jewess." "Klgoletto," "Ernaii."*
"Carmen." "The Masked Ball." "The
Bnrber of Seville." "I>a SonnambuUi."
"Romeo and Juliet," "Mignon," "La Tra
viata*' and other popular operas.
SINGERS TO APPEAR AT
TIVOLI IN GRAND OPERA
THE expectation' !s that from 150.0W
to 175.000 strangers will visit San
Francisco during the four days' "SsU
ebration of the admission of Cali
fornia into the Union as a result of tho
advertising that the golden jubilee will
have in and outside of the State. A cal
culation has been made to show how
much money was spent in 1*50 on the
occasion of the celebration of the fortieth
anniversary of Admission day. The figures
are as follows: Fares raid by 25,000 per
sons who came from outside of the city,
$62^00. not including ferry traffic; from
Oakland and Alameda. including 7000 com
muters. JR250: augmented ferry 'travel,
$.-.000; fares paid streetcar companies. $137,
600; board paid by not less than 20,000 per.
sons during four days. $200,000: fares paid
to steamship companies. $12.OX>; baggage
rhecks. IS000; expended in restaurants,
(ISOjOOO; amount expended by 20,000 vis
itors, not including board and lodging,
J20.CO0: 25.000 badges at 50 cents. $12,500. an!
6000 silver and gold badges at 73 cents
each. J4'>00. This makes a grand total of
$798,3.10 put in circulation during the four
days' celebration. From the calculations
that have been made, based on past ex
perience and on prospective increase in
attendance, the amount that will go into
the various lines of trade will vastly ex
ceed the gross amount of ten years ago.
The Veterans' Association of the paid
fire department has acknowledged the re
ceipt of an invitation to take part in ihe
parade and it has appointed John J. Mur
phy. Samuel McDowell. W. H. Williams.
R. J. Courtier and J. B. Barber to confer
with the grand marshal.
An invitation will bo sent specially to
Mrs. Lillie H. Coit. the only lady of this
city who was enrolled with the members
of the Volunteer Fire Department. She
was an honorary member of Knicker
bocker Enpine Company No. 5. She will
receive a special invitation to take part
with the Volunteer Firemen's division.
The San Francisco Turn Verein has ax
ranged to make a display in the proces
sion by turning out in neat uniform.
One of the Native Daughter Parlors In
San Jose will come to this city with an
orchestra composed of its own members
and will give concerts at headquarters
to be selected.
Los Osos Parlor of San Luis Obispo
has made arrangements to Join in the pa
rade In San Francisco. The Native Sons
of that bity are very enthusiastic and In
tend to make a fine showing in the cele
bration.
Fresno Parlor of Native Sons Is making
preparations for the celebration- at San
Francisco and every member of the order
who can will help to swell the number of
Fresno's Sons In the' metropolis. There Is
a plan to exhibit the Fresno products —
wines, watermelons and all fruits gener
ally. It is the intention of the Fresno
Parlor to do everything possible In the
way ,>of advertising the county, and the
headquarters for Fresno's products will
be at the Emporium.
Chairman J. J. Handley of the excursion
committee will report at to-morrow
night's meeting a plan for an excursion
about the bav. which it Is expected will
be adopted. The idea is to have the ex
cursion on September 11, the day after the
parade, and let it occupy the whole day.
Three of the-~large«t ferry-boats in the
harbor will be chariered. and the mem
bers of the visiting parlors, their relatives
and friends will bo given an opportunity
to «=ee the bay shore from the boats. The
excursionists," as at present Intended, will
steam down past the wharves to Hunters
Point, returning outside the shipping and
groing: to Alcatrar Island to the west to
a point between Fort Mason and Fort
Baker. From here the boats * will turn
and pass Sausalito. Tlburon and Angel
Island, through Raccoon Straits, follow
ing the Marin County shore in San Pablo
Bay to Mare Island Nitvy Yard and Val
lejo. A stop will be made, in all probabil
ity, long enough for the party to inspect
the navy yard. Returning the steamers
will coast along the Contra Costa and
Alameda County line to the starting
point. Then bands to play dance music
and national airs will be engaged and
lunch will be served on board. The ex
cursion will be made a fitting conclusion
of the four days' celebration.
The regatta committee has decided to
ask for $1750 for trophies. The club will
turn out thirty Corinthian yachts and the
South Bay Club will take part in the re
gatta and for the first time will race in
Upper San Francisco Bay.
The parlors of Native Sons of San Jose
have notified the grand marshal that they
will participate in the celebration of the
admission of California, The Natives will
come to San Francisco several hundred
strong, attired in natty uniforms, with a
float representative of Santa Clara
County. The Fifth Regiment Band of
twenty pieces will also be brought along.
The Board of Supervisors will be asked to
provide a fine float for Santa Clara
County and it is believed it will do so.
A fine uniform of blue serge coat and
trousers, white pearl buttons, negligee
shirt, pearl Fedora hat with red hatband,
red tie and red silk belt has been adopted.
The members will carry light canes with
a Bear flaK inclosed that will unfold when
a spring is pressed.
BY MARGARET AINSLEE.
drink), mirror knobs, sailor pitchers,
farmer pitchers and mugs decorated with
caricatures of Napoleon. These latter
penerally represented the soldier of th«
revolution in most uncomfortable predica
ment and bore inscriptions M uncompli
mentary as profane. The fo'.lowirg quat
rain has but the merit of expressing th»
popular r.:eli-iK without the U5>'jal frac
ture of the third commandment:
Miy England's oak
Produce tlr* bark
To tan the hM«
off IJonapart**.
Th» articles of chin:i which probably
figured most conspicuously in th» colonies
were thos.» garnished with "little, lawless,
azure-tinted grotesnues." used in the tea
eo,uipae<\ An afternoon tfa in pr*»revolu
tior.ary days was a different affair fr irn
that function in <>ur own century. Then
our grrnt-arrandmother. fearir.g "lest she
mlsht perchance r><» condemned to the hu
miliation of a pewter cup. carried her own
teacup and frequently her own teapot to
th<> gatherings whtra th»> "China herb"
was the boveran of th»» .lay. The first
cups were handlWe-s an J many had besides
th<* <Wp saucer from which the tea was
drunk a dish known as n cup plate, upon
whii'h the cup rested wht-n the saucer was
in use. It Is hnrd for us to realise the
extreme reluctance with which our fore
mothers gave up thes.-> ••liberty" t^adrtnk
inc? when wo learn frr-m a delightful stu
dent of colonial customs that "'when, tea
was first introduced into Salem it vaa
br.iled In an iron kettle and after the
!in,nor wm strained off it was then drunlc
without milk or suiur. while the leaves
of the h«»rh w*re placed In a dish, buttered!
and salted and eaten." What wonder that
a seventeenth century pessimist deplored
the custom as a "ba'e and unworthy In
dian practice."
The Wedgworxi teapot then, as now. was
the most perfect on the market. Shrewd
business man a9 well as philanthropist,
this prince of potters had gTa.v<» yet need
less fears of American competition in th»
ftrtile art. At one tim« he feared to losa
entirely his Immense colonial trade owing
to thp discovery of fin*» American clay and
its attempt at manufacture by h!s rene
gade foreman. It la strange that so much,
of this master's exquisite ware la still to
be found In our country. In spitft of !t»
fragility it has stood the perils of ocean
transportation, has been washed asanre
in crates and boxes from wreckPd vessels,
has been buried in the" sands and hidden
behind panels in the wainscoting of colo«
nlal houses, and after many historical
vicissitudes still withstands the wear and
tear of more than a century.
"Although the greater number of the
innumerable secret societies which liter
ally honeycomb China have no connection
with public affairs still the latent hostil
ity with which the Chinese regard the
barbarians of the west will provide the
various bodies with «uch a community
of purpose that any foreign Invader will
find the imperial array by no means the
greatest of the dangers to be encoun
tered," said J. Down.'V Harvey, a recent
arrival from China in the Palace yester
day.
"Once let the word po round China that
the integrity of the land is threatened."
continued Mr. Harvey, "and the pass
words and mottoes of those secret secte
ties. which have for their object the ex
pulsion of the Tartar*, will be altered to
the expulsion of the foreigners. The mo
ment this is done all the other bodies will
join in the movement.
"Confronted with minions of desperate
foes who obey the decrees of these secret
bodies with a fidelity they never dream
of extending to the central authority of
Peking, Germany. Russia. Kngland ana
America will speedily tind that scram
bling for China is an enterprise fraught
with the gravest peril.
"Although there is a certain secretive
tendency in the Chinese character which
prompts them to join societies with secret
aims, objects and desires, John Chinaman,
speaking generally, becomes a conspira
tor becausp he finds in secret combination
a weapon which enables him to tight the
despotism of the authorities. When the
various bodies have mastered the ulterior
objects of the foreigners the Tien-Ti-
Hivey, or Hung League, the most power
ful of all the secret societies and the one
which stirred up the terrible rebellion of
Taeping In 1S49, will Issue instructions for
a conference composed of delegates from
all other societies.
¦Will All Unite.
"The supremacy of Tien-Ti-Hivey,
which means the Association of Heaven
and Earth, is so universally conceded that
in presence of a danger common to all the
delegates who attend will come prepared
to place their organization at the disposal
of the parent body, their renunciation of
Independence going so far that the entire
membership, exceeding 100,000.000 in num
ber, will join the Tien-Ti and call them
selves Heaven Earthmen. The society it
self will then be known as the Triad.
"Considering that the moral code of the
Tien-Ti is extremely pure, that It incul
cates the equality of all men. the duty
of benevolence and forgivenness of all
injuries, the task of expelling invaders
would seem hardly compatible with aims
so lofty: but as the moral code. beside3
sanctioning any means of securing con
verts also prescribes punishment for those
who oppose its edicts, forgiveness of all
injuries Is certain not to be practiced till
the foreigners have taken their departure.
"Still, to disarm opposition the Tien-
Ti will take care to secure the support
of Xeang Ma Hung, the Queen of Heav
en's Company, or Her Ladyship's Society,
meaning 'the queen of heaven, the moth
er and nurse of all things." an associa
tion which fixes the standard of pure liv
ing. With .the exception of th^se two so
cieties the. objects of the others range
from mutual assistance and the overthrow
of all despotic government, to theft, rob
bery and murder. The apathy and sullen
resistance which renders the Chinese
rulers so powerless at The present time
will vanish when these go on the warpath.
Some millions of patriots, all sworn to
protect each other against the attacks
of police officers, to hide each other's
crimes, to assist detected members in
making their escape from the hands of
justice, may not be animated by high mo
tives, but the t>ond. such as it is. is well
calculated to rouse their combative in
stincts.
Meet in the Forests.
"The Tton-Ti have meeting places hid
den In forests and mountains scattered all
over China. Despite the efforts of the
Chinese police, the secret of their where
abouts has been maintained for 300 years.
"So far as I know, no European has ever
been present at any of the lodge's meet
ings. The places are most difficult of ac
cess, every approach being defended by
traps and pitfalls under charge of armed*
men. posted in the trees or hidden in the
brushwood. A Chinaman resident in Lkiii
don, and with whom I had many transac
tions in Shanghai, tells me thatthe ritual
of the meeting which will no doubt be
held by the time these lines are in print
is p.ttremply curious.
"The delegates chosen to attend, on ar
rival at the appointed spot, will enter by
the first gate, or 'aug,' ns it is called. An
executioner is stationed here for the pur
pose of beheading intruders. Proceeding
in an easterly direction the visitor* will
come to a temporary structure called the
'Red Flowery Pavilion.' where water is
provided to cleanse the soul and purify
the thouehts. After passinsr through the
•Circle of Heaven and Karth' and across
the 'Two-planked Bridge.' formed of
swords placed crosswr.ys. by which sits
the Red Youth armed ¦with a spear to de
stroy any traitor who has escaped the
vigilance of the To-Aug-Kuan? at the
Gate of Execution, the party will arrive
at the 'Temple of Universal Peace and
Happiness.' The head of the Kolao-Kwal
havlnjr knocked without answer being re
turned, his place will be taken by the del
egate of the White Lily Society, one of
the most criminal of all the secret soci
eties, who repeats the demand for entry.
Upon this a sword, which, strangely
onoueh. is the traditional weapon of the
'Brethren of the Triad." as it is of the
Freemasons, is thrust from a partially
openod window into the hands of a Ylk-ko
or 'Chief Ruling Brother." This function
ary will bear the weapon aloft to the
'Temple of Destruction in the City of the
Willows.' Collecting round a font, each
will then till a vessel with wine, into
which all drop a little of their own blood
and then drink to the dregs, swearing
eternal brotherhood and deathless hate to
the Russians and Germans.
."People here may smile at these cere
monies as a mere make-believe, but China
is ?\ land where the greatest Importance
Is attached to nil secret rites and ceremo
nies Stranee also as it may seem, these
very councils display In their organiza
tions an ability not to be excelled even in
Europe.
"The T,oasrue will divide itself into five
prand divisions, and see that each lodpe
is provided with a capable president, two
vice presidents, one master, two Intro
ducers, one fiscal, thirteen councilors,
ppents and horse-dealers, or recruiting of
ficer*. These pfter Riving an affirmative
response to the thirty-six oaths proposed,
will bow as the Yik-ko cuts off the head
of a cock, the ceremony attaching to the
oath, and kneel as they chant: 'Thus let
all perish who dare not the invader meet.'
Men for All Work.
"Haous. or leaders of bravp men. are
then Introduced and recommended to the
president of each lodpe. and those which
are selected are promised that ff t^ey dis
play valor they shall be called Ylnp—
that Is. hero. Durlnp the deliberations,
which last several hours, each lodge will
select a Kea. or person of Importance,
who. with assistants, will call Into ex
istence the machinery necessary for the
enterprises to be undertaken.
"If desperate measures, such as assass
ination or the poisoning: of wells, are de
cided on. the Keas will be assisted by the
San-ho-Klouy. a society which, although
Its members swear at their Initiation to
be filial, fraternal and benevolent. Is prob
ably the most danererous of all the secret
organizations of China. If white hairs
should be observed growinsr out of the
ground— an infallible sign of impending
misfortune— these San-ko men are certain
to be heard of. The Tlen-Tl will put no
trained army In the field, but will trust to
the efforts of the San-ko by day. and the
Shee Hoks by night. These latter, a
ferocious band, will hover on the outskirts
of* the Invading army, killing- all strag
glers and poisoning the wells and rivers
on the line of march.
"Should these tactics not succeed the
White Ixitus will send its emissaries to
Europe. A terrible society this. Its
records reek of assassination. Money, too,
for the work would not be wanting. The
Tien-Tl have lodges in every country
where Chinamen live, and the Celestial
has yet to be born who would decline pay
jis the levy, however heavy it might be."
All Europe and Japan Will Have a
Terrible Time in Quelling tb.e
Insurrection Now in
Progress.
One Hundred Million Men
Ready to Face the
Foreigners.
CHINESE SECRET
SOCIETIES WILL
NEVER GIVE IN
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING.
Copyright, 1900, b7 Seymour Eaton.
POTTERY, PORCELAIN AND COLONIAL CHINA.
WHAT THE JUBILEE WILL DO
TO HELP SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
OFFICERS OF THE SEMI-CENTENNIAL COMMITTEE.
Shrlners to Go to Honolulu.
There was a meeting last night of Islam
Temple of the Ancient Arabic Order of
the Mystic Shrine In Golden Gate Com
mandery Hall to make arrangements for
the contemplated excursion of Shrlners to
Honolulu In the near future. Committees
were appointed to attend to all the details
cf the trio.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
CINCINNATI BOWL
LIVERPOOL. WAKE-PORTRAIT
OF FRANKLIN.
WASHINGTON PITCHER OF
LIVERPOOL. WARE.
ALL DAY ! ALL NIGHT!
SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION.
Fall of the Baslile ;
H iiiS^T||]O "ready ' pi" R
w Xygj^ ppyy pared prescrlp- L.
1 tion— a medl- ft
yt cated cream that never fails to fe
Jj prove its efficiency. Anita Cream *
71 has transformed hundreds of seem- R
2 ingly ruined skins, and has made I
A them beautifully clear and spotless. J{
yj It draws all impurities to the sur- |^
* face, removes the outer cuticle in **
\f invisibly small particles and re- \t
stores the rosy blush of youth, jr
J( Freckles, tan, moth blotches, pim- j£
pies, Hver patches, muddlneej and \.
X all other discoloratlons disappear Y>
\t under the influence of Anita Cream. W
*J The treatment is delightful, quick P
$ and effective. Anita Cream con- %
J tains no vaseline or Ingredient that k^
X will cause a growth of hair. H
sA For sale by your druggist. If not, 4/
T send us 50 cents Tor full sire Jar or J*
yf 2c for information and a free earn- \t
•5 pie. Anita Cream & Toilet Co.. *
<J 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles. Cal. \t
Satisfactory
Eye=GIasses.
If you are wearing Eye-Glasses that are not
tatlstactory. we can tlve you relief In a few
rriir.ut»s and at lowest erst (for first-class serv-
Icl. Our Famous Clips attached for SOc. while
you wait.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ise*. Qutck repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTiaANS'^J^^W*
642 Market St. instruments
u«oeo c-rom'cii Bu'i3:»i. Catalogue Free.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
WALLACE, THE UNTAMABLE LION.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE /\/Y\ J\TEU RS
AND A
LADIES' WHITEWASHING CONTEST.
To-Morrow Night— Mozster CakewalL
Order **a«a by 'rhene. Park 23,
LA-trO-HIEST
CT ALL THE UOVTS PLATS.
A CONTENTED
WOMAN !
Pr"*<*r.ted tx
DUNNE AND ftYLEY'S
ALL - STAR CAST
With MIFS XOP.MA WHALL.ET In the Tlt!e
Rn!e.
Vtzt Btcd»y Kigkt f E00T THE CHUTES witi
MATTHEWS AND BViJTiKTi
In the Ei*- Revival of Their Pnllte. F*unny Play,
CHUTES AND ZOO
AT GAT CONEY ISUANIV
But they feel like shoes
that cost more.
NO ONE ELSE
MERE MAS THEM.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO
10 Third St., San Francisco.
B. KATCHINSKI,
"Gloria"
(Ping ret made).
" ST $3-52
you don't
have to "break in."
I JUOl lUi Uiiuu
Try a pair of shoes
ADVEBTISEMEinS.
SMITH & n"LLEU; BARH^nE &¦ JULES;
PTEIJ.A MATHEW; CL^VTTON WHITE
>ND MARIE ?TT'ART. Assisted by MI53
EVA BAXDOLPH: QUAKER <*ITYQUAR-
' TET; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH and
LAPT THREE NIGHTS OF
THE FOUR COHANS
|j M/** H^l pJ house
ANOTHLR SPLtNDID SUCCESS
BY THE
FHONT MAIN ES2.
Wa'.fr Mr>r-*co Sole Lessee and Manager
NEW FRAWLtY COMPANY
<~>NL.Y THIS WEEK
THE DANCING GIRL
Next Week— Aur^Ftin Daly's Greatest
Sucre**.
"THK ORE AT RCB T."
Price*— Tic S**c. lie. tfe.
Saturday Matin**— We. 25<\ 15c. 15c.
Branch Ticl:»t Emporium.
Children in Arms Not Admitted.
Ever.ir.es at S. Mat!n»« Saturday at 1
THIS IP THE THIP.D AND LAST WEEK
Of the EnortTK'us Operatic Sucre??.
(THE GEISHA
Next Week-Revival of WANG
MONDAY. July V. Oa'.a Oper.Ir.s nf the
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Watch the Parsers for Full Particulars,
POPULAR PRICES-r.o and Zdc
A RARE BILL OF NOVELTIES!
AMUSEMENTS.
t-l PA TR P^'^IX
4Sh ft I a mm «% I Ev "- *
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
L»?T MATINEE PATT-Rr>A.Y.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
SurpTtefl by 'WHITE IVTHTTI.FISKY In
FALE NOW ON FOR NEXT WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS INGOMAR.
THIS WEEK— Kvery Nirht < Except Bnnd&yi,
MATINECS VTEDSESDAT AND SATURDAY.
CHaIU.K* PBOHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
— Ar.d —
A FPEHAL COMPANY
•'THE LIARS."
"A° Marriage ofGonvenfence"
Adapted Frr-tr. the Fr»r-eh by Sydney Orundy.
ICext W»«»k :_-:¦=¦ P«-a<sr>n's fJreat Sruceesa
SEAT? KOW READY.
July 19 — Fir*=t Burton Holmes Lecture Matinee.
tfamUTrel? cared by these
JLittlo Pills.
They slso rm'Sexc Distress fcora Dyspepah,
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. A pep.
fcet reaarfy tar Dizziness, Nausea, Drcwd.
ness, Bad Taste la the M™»th, Coated Tcngut
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rc^te the Bowels. Purely Vegetable ,
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Small Pr Icq*
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlnr From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
y>ifrtng lacludlne Adisisaloa. 25c; Children 20&
ADVEBTISZMZNTS.
FT^fJHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOUnXLlV O Admlsston lOc.
Third Act of "MARTHA," hi English. DEBTS
and DON, BABY DOLUIVER, ISABELLE
UNDERWOOD and New Moving Pictures
by EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE.
AMUSEMENT&
DR. WALL'S REINVIGORATOR^^
Five hundred reward for any mJs^MSh
rase we cannot cure. This secret jjria BKg
remedy . etop« all lotse* la 21 fl x B
hours, cure* Err.leslons. lmpo- {TS33 RHP
lency. VMiicocrle. Goaorrhoen. fWS I» s !ni
Gleet. Fits. Btrlcturtlf Lost U']J \i!lll
Manhood and all wastlnc efT»ct!i F»n9 feSa
Of relf-abu?e or excesses. Kent KjKaBE9fl
lealed. 12 bottle; t bottles. !5: guaranteed to
CUT* any case. Addresa HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. *55 Br-adway. Oakland. Cal. Also
tor tale *t lOTSU Market n.. S. F. All prtvau
diseases quickly rured. Send (or free book.
ELECTRIC CARS RUN AM, NIGHT.
LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT ' PT-
BOTECHXICAX, FHAM NAVAL BATTLE
ON THE LAKE; FIREWORKS.
JPRANDJJALL, Evening.
XI MISSION. 2S cent*; CHILDREN. 10 c*nt«.
X^x'^ry Exercises Afternoon Begin at 1:30.
AT THE CHUTES.
jSfCA'RTERS 1Draw for Saturday's and Sunday's
Sport Shows Many Good and
Close Matches. •
An eighty-dog stake will be run at Un
ion Park Saturday and Sunday. The
prizes will be $150, $100, $75, two at $50, five
at $3o. ten at $20 and twenty at $10. The
draw, which was held at Pythian Castle
last night, is as follows:
J. K. Kennle's Fortunate Choice vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Morning Glory; Captain Kane's Miss
Penman vs. J. Burns' Eleven Spot; Pasha Ken-
nels' Royal Ann vs. T. J. McKnerney's Reglna
R; Captain Kane names Statesman vs. E. M.
KelloEg's Sweet Emma; Captain Kane's Master
Davenport vs. Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel;
R. I*. Taylor names Mo»e vs. Russell, Wilson
& Allen's Victor Boy; Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured vs. W. C. Glasson's Santenon; J. Sut
ton names Mayflower vs. Welch & Hanrlhan's
Sacramento Boy; D. Winters names Random
Aim vb. M. P. Whitings St. Anthony; Paaha
Kennels' May Hempstead vs. P. J. Reilly's
Warship; Erwln & I-yon's Sliver Lion vs. C.
W. Bonner's Wild Nora; R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Wanda vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Sarah: Paoha Kennels' Reckless Archer vs. F.
A. McComb'* Sir Pasha; Curtis & Son"s Maud
8 vs. P. J. Reilly's Royal Union; A. van der
Burgh's Naughty Girl vs. T. J. Cronin's Thorn
hill: Russell. Wilson & Allen's Rosy Clalr vs.
E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron: T. J. McEnerney's
Johnnie R vs. J. Holden's Scottish Chief;
Pasha Kennels' Rolllcklnc Airs vs. Curtis &
Son's King Cotton; H. Lynch's Lottie M vb.
D. Toland's Tea Rose; Russell. Wilson &
Allen's Lady Emma vs. J. Burns' Bat
tleship; J. J. Kennle'n "Winning Las
sie vs. Sterle & Knowler O'llara;
J. It. Smith's Victor Queen vs. M. Punley's
Erin: .T. neckl»mnnn'r Snapshot? Vs. Jeff Mar
tinett's Slim; F. Hushes' King's Borderer vs.
Aeneld Kennel"* Fine Fire; Curtis & Son's FJy
ln« Fox vk. J. L. Ross' J. L. R. ; J. It. Smith's
Jennie Wilson vs. F. A. McComb's Royal
Flush; Ous Abercromble's Rock Island King
vs. Curtis & Son's Vulcan: J. Moriarty's Snap
per Garrison vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal: Charlesworth's Crawford Braes vs. Stecle
& Knowles" For Glory; D. Winder's (names)
Risky Attempt vs. Russell. Allen & WiHon's
MaRic; II. Lynch'a Lexington vs. C. O. Peter
son's Silver Cloud: J. Hurley's O K Capitol
vs. Curtis & Son's Candelabrla; Russell. Wilson
& Allen's Bell Claire vs. Kay Bros." Hanker;
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter vs. J. Car
rol';i Auckland: E. M. Kellog's Ben's Babe vs.
T. J. McEnorncy's Tommie Rex; S. Handy' a
Twin City Girl vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl:
R. J. Reilly's Plourhboy vs. R. R. B. Lopez
& Son's Paplta; T. J. Cronin'u Wild Tralee vr.
J. Burns' Olympus; J. Maher (nam«s) Swed
ish vs. J. Hurley's Shylock Boy; Oorge Shar
man's Wait-a-Bit vs. J. K. Smith's Lady
Sears.
On Saturday the train will leave at 1
o'clock and on Sunday 11, 12 and 1 o'clock.
EIGHTY-DOG STAKE THAT
WILL PRODUCE GUESSING
Bicycle Track at Milwaukee Found to
Be Unsafe.
LEAGUE MEETING A FIZZLE.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. July 11.— The
prand circuit races of the National Cy
cling Association, which are billed to be
run off in connection with the twenty
first national meet of the League of
American Wheelmen, will prove a failure
as fax as racing is concerned. The whole
cause of the trouble is the unsafe track
erected at the exposition building, which
16 to be used to run off the events.
Already the 14? feature of the meet— •
the Slow match race between Tom Cooper
and "Major" Taylor — has been declared
off and Cooper left to-nlgtit for .Detroit.
Taylor will leave for Indianapolis In the
morning:.
The track was pronounced defective as
early as Sunday last, and officials have
been busy ever since trying to remedy the
trouble. Several of the prominent riders
(sustained bad (alls in their practice work
and many alterations have been made,
1>ut all PceminRly without bringing- about
The desired result. Tom Cooper gave the
track a thorough trial this afternoon and
wound up with a fall that nearly cost him
Fome broken ribs. That was enougrh for
him. and Taylor said the track was any
thing but safe for speedy riding. The
trouble Is in the banking at either end of
the track.
Other r>rofe?Elona1 riders who dropped
out are Stevenson. Cramer and Van Cott.
end the star amateurs. KItir. Wheeler.
Wilson and Denny Kiser. Kirable and
Mayo pnd NVwhouse are about the only
fast ones left.
The total rojrlster of Leajrue of Ameri
can Wheelmen members up to 8 o'clock
to-nipht was only W3, where several thou.
Band were rxpected. Buffalo. N. Y.. seems
to be the only city mentioned for the 1901
meet.
XXXSO2T AN IRON MAN.
Continues to Lead in the Six-T>ay
Race at Boston.
BOSTON. July 11.— The hard rldinsr that
John TC<«!son of Chicago has done for two
r.!phts did not k«*ep him from leading his
opponents in to-nipht's two-hour contest
!n the Elx-day cold wheel race at Charles
Xi!v«r Park. Hums Pierce seems to be
Improving in riding form. To-night Stin-
Fon Ud to the tenth mile and Nelson
thereafter. The riding score to-night was:
Nelson, d m!Ie*. I7M yards; Pierc*. 64 miles,
S51 yards; .f-tinson. C2 miles. U«S yards; Miller,
£7 miles. 511 yards.
Total for the three nights: Kelson. 197 miles.
IS yards; Pierce, 1S2 n:i!es. 1143 yards"; Ktlnson
3ST. mll(*s, ill yards; .Miller. 1£9 miles. 1«78
yards.
English Golfer Again Beaten.
CHICAGO. July 1L— Harry Vardon. the
Knpll^h eolfer. los=t again to-day. He and
Fred Herd pfayed a SC-hole match with
Will Smith and David Bell and lost 3
down. 2 to play. In the afternoon play
Vardon putted poorly in contrast to the
work of Smith. The result of the after
noon's play was that Vardon and Herd
won four holos and halved eifrht. The
winners totaled 1(5 as ajainst the losers
t£9.
"Wins the French Cup.
LONDON. July ll.-Edward HorTs cut
ter Laurca retains for England the Coup
fie France (French cup), having 1 to-day
wen th» second race cut of three against
th<? challenger, the Due de Casse's cutter
*tuand ilcme.
TREMBLE LOOKING FOR
THE WINNER OF THE FIGHT
Weight.
McGrath's New Protege Is Very Anx
ious to Meet a Good Middle-
Tim McGrath. the well known trainer
ar.d manafrt r of pugilists, is out thesa
days looking for a match between Jim
Tremble, his latest protege, and pome
pood middle-weight in the neighborhood
of JH pound?. McGraih is particularly
anxious for a match between his man and
iht- winner of I he MoffaU-Neill tight.
Those who have seen Tremble perform
pronoun< e him a likely lad with the
propf-r stuff In him. He is strong, shifty
tnd has u fair knowledge of ring tactics.
""His recent -p«?riorxnar.ce in Sacramento
when he gained the decision over Soldier
Green after a fight of twenty rounds adds
preaUy to his credit. This same Green
j)ut Purcell out of the game in throe
rounds and Purct-il went twenty rounds
wiih :.Ioa"att on one occasion and six on
another, decisions being all that Moffatt
could secure.
Tremble Is a Los Ar.geles man ar.d in
that city built up a reputation as an ex
tremely clever lighter. McGrath thinks
lie has mere than the ordinary pugilist In
Trrmble ar.d is wUling to Lack him
against the best.
MARCEAU IN CUSTODY
BUT A SHORT TIME
Judge McAdam of New York Seems
Disposed to Dismiss the Kid
naping Charge.
Special Dlsriatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Colonel Theodore
Marceau of San Francisco, charged with
having kidnaped his child from his di
vorced wife, was detained in custody but
a short time to-day. When the facts were
submitted to Judge McAdam he was in
clined to discharge the colonel at once, but
placed him in the custody of his counsel
until to-morrow in order that an exam
ination could be made of the legal points
involved.
"This man Is held on the ridiculous
charge of kidnaping his own child," de
clared Marceau's attorney to-day. "He
has the custody of the child under an
order of court, and; notwithstanding that
fact, this woman goes to Ogdensburg and
obtains a warrant for his arrest for kid
naping."
"Is he the father of this child?" Inquired
Judge McAdam.
"He certainly Is," replied Mr. Howe.
"How can a man kidnap his own child?"
asked the Judge.
"I don't know," was the answer of As
eistant District Attorney Hennessey.
Mr. Howe protested that on the facts
there was nothing else to be done but to
discharge his client. Judge McAdam will
give his decision to-morrow.
COLONIAL CRUISER
FIONA GOES ASHORE
LIKE A "FIXED" RACE.
Strikes on Cape Anguille on the
Southwestern Coast of New
foundland.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., July 11.— The colonial
cruiser Fiona is ashore near Codroy,
within a few miles of the scene of the
wreck of the British ship Mareotis. bound
from Montreal for Liverpool, which went
ashore on June 26 at Cape Anguille, on
the southwest coast of Newfoundland.
The Fiona struck during a dense fog and
It is feared she will not get off. The
steamer Regulus tried vainly to tow her
off, but failed. Wrecking tugs have been
ordered to her assistance.
Suspicious Antics of Drivers in the
2:30 Trot at Windsor.
DETROIT, Mich., July 11.— Darkness
stopped to-day's racing at the Windsor
track, leaving the interesting event of. the
afternoon, the 2:09 pace, unfinished. Riley
B had been credited with two heats and
Harry O and Red Seal with one each.
It was freely charged that few if any of
the dozen starters in the 2:30 trot wanted
to win it. In every heat they scored about
a dozen times. Knap McCarthy was fined
$100 for alleged failure to drive. Lord Mc-
Donald to win. and after the succeeding
heat the Judges put up McHenry on Mc-
Carthy's sulky. Results:
2:15 pace, purse $G0O— Lady Pipe won second*,
third and fourth heats and race. Time, 2:12*4,
2:13 1 i, 2:13. Rothar J won first heat In 2:12'*..
Arra, Carmellta, Seneca See, Lottie Spon and
Lollta also started.
2:13 trotting, rurse JGOfr-Red Arthur won
third, fourth and Ilfth heats. Time. 2:20%. 2:23%.
2:23?i. Jimmy Flashlight won first heat In
3:Z5\«. Henri won second heat In 2:22%. Lord
McDonald, Mabel G, Ma-iqua, Kellers. Heel
plate, Vlvette. Jessie Winkfleld, Delma, Bessie
M nnd Walter Kinne Rlso started.
2:09 pa-clng, purse $200 (unfinished)— Riley B
won first and second heats in 2:0S s i. 2:03«4.
Harry O won third heat In 2:11. Red seal won
fourth heat in 2:1m. Nicol B, Milton S,/Jer
sey Mack. Colbert S and Fannie DUlard also
started.
FURLOUGHS SUSPENDED.
Action of Admiralty Occasions Much
Comment in London.
LONDON, July 11.— There is consider
able'comment here owing to an admiralty
order suspending the further granting of
furloughs to crews of the ships belonging
to the channel and reserve squadrons. The
order Is reported to be connected with tt\e
maneuvers of the French fleet In the
channel.
¦• —
Endcavorers in London.
LONDON, July 11.— Members of th©
United Society of Christian Endeavorers
from tho United State3 and every other
quarter of the globe are arriving here in
great numbers to .attend the World's
Christian Endeavor Convention, which
opens July 14 and closes July 18. Wagons
full of sightseers are touring London to
day. Several hundreds took up quarters
at the encampment in preparation for the
convention.
Rioters Sentenced.
BERLIN, July 12.— Twenty-one of the
rioters who wounded twenty Hussars and
all the local police officers at Stolz, Pom
eranla. during the recent " anti-Semite
riots there, were to-day sentenced to vari
ous terms of imprisonment, ranging from
four months in jail to three years in the
penitentiary. ¦ " ; '
MILWAUKEE'S GREAT BUN.
Beats Sidney Lucas in the Handicap
at Washington Park.
CHICAGO. July 11.— Milwaukee celebrat
ed his first start at Washington Park to
<lny by beating Lidney Lucas in the $1000
handicap. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Golden Age won.
Handy Man secor.d. Harry Herendon third.
Time. 1:08%.
One mile and seventy yards — Tarpaa won,
Henri C second. Kam McKeever third. Time,
1:46' 4 ? .
<>:ie and a quarter miles— Milwaukee •won,
Sidney Lucas second. Florizar third. Time. 2:07.
One" mile and seventy yards — Clay Pointer
won, Serrano second. Espionage third. Time,
One mile— Blue L'.ck won, Josephine B second.
La Josephine third. Time, 1:41.
One mile — Zoroaster won. Mr. Brown second.
Bangle third. Time. 1:40.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Results at Brigh
ton Eoaoh:
Six furlongrs— Heliobas won, Vesuvlan sec
ond. Mwhanus third. Time. 1:14 1-5.
One mile — Cummander Miller won. Alslke sec
ond. Hurry McCoun third. Time. 1:41 1-5.
Six furlor.jjs. selllnsj— Bounteous won, Order
er second, Baitoon third. Time. 1:15 2-5. \
One and an eighth miles — Brigadier won. Lew
Kraft second. Lord Baltimore third. Time,
1:."2 4-3.
Five furlongs— Tower of Candles won. Lady
cf the Valley second. Anecdote third. Time,
1:02.
One ar.d a sixteenth miles— Port Haste won.
Big Gun second. Cavalcade third. Time,
1:41 3-5.
MONTREAL. July 11.— At Belaire to-day
the track was heavy. Results:
Six furlongs— Hie Away won. The Benedict
second. Robert <Jray third. Time, I'M.
Four furlongs— Cura. won, Lizzie A second,
Mlcrrlt third. Time. :ZZ\i.
Six furlongs — Hungarian won. Wine Press
second. Queen Anne third. Time. 1:23V*.
One and an eighth miles— Alfred Vargrave
won Kittv Regent second. Viscount third.
Time. l:57Vi.
Steeplechase — Arrezzo won. The Monon sec
ond, Labt Fellow third. No time taken.
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— To-day's results:
Seven furlonsrs— Lea Noster won. J. V. Hayes
eecond. Mandamus third. Time. 1:30.
Six rurlones. han<ticai> — Dave Waldo won,
Banlfh cecend. Hi Kollnr third. Time. 1:14%.
Six and a half furlongs— Hilee won, Dollie
Weithoff second. Mizzoura third. Time, l:21Va-
One and a sixteenth miles, handkajj— Celtic
Bar<l won. Siddubla second. Annie Oldtteld
third. Time, l:43Vi-
One mil* 1 — Laureate won. Hi Nocker second.
Felix Bard third.. Time. 1 :42V-
Six furlongs, two-year-olds — Wall won, Obla.
eecund. Quick Range third. Time. 1:16U-
HAKDY BEATS ALEXANDER.
California Brothers Yet Undefeated
in Tennis Tournament.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Tho following were
the results in the tennis tournament to
day:
Championship singles, third round— Paret
beat Bond, 0-6. T-5. 7—5: Baker beat Roche,
e-4 6-4: Collins beat Myers.4-6, G-2, 6-2; Lit
tle 'beat Wardner, fr— 3. 6—3; McKeever beat
Ward. S— 6. e— 2.
Fourth round — Sumner Hardy beat Alexan
der. 6—2, C— 4.
Championship doubles, preliminary round-
Bond and Sheldon beat Snow and Noble.
Flrf=t round — Poulsnn and Johnson beat Beach
and Bailey. 3-fi. 6-1. 6—2. 6—1: O"Brien and
Banks l*>at Henry and partner by default; Fos
ter and McKeever beat Roach and Condee, 4—6,
g 2 6 — 2. 7—5; McQuiston brothers beat Carver
and' Wardnes, 6—4, S— €. 3—6. 6—4.
*
BROOKLYN SHUT OUT.
Pitcher Nops Has an Off Day and
Pirates Win Easily.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.! Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 42 22 -6.*i7: Cincinnati ..32 35 .47S
Chicago 36 30 .. r 4J;.st Louie 29 35 .4.13
PittPburg ...26 31 .537; Boston 28 35 .444
Philadelphia 35 31 .CSOiNew York.. ..21 41 .339
PITTSBURG. July 11.— Nop* pitched only a
mediocre game and made the shutout of
Brooklyn look worse by giving Pittsbur* three
runs on a fumble and two wild throws. Phlllppi
had the visitors faded all the way. Attendance,
3C0a Score: R £
Plttpburg 4 10 2
Brooklyn 0 4 3
Batteries— Phlllppl and O'Connor; Nops and
McGulre. Umpire— Swartwood.
BT. IvOUIS. July 11. — Nichols -was In superb
form to-day and let St. Louis down with two
ecratch hits. Young was also In good form.
He was hit effectively In but two lnningi. At
tendance, 1700. Score:
R. H. B.
St. Louis 0 2 0
Boston 3 8 2
Batteries— Toung and Crigcr; Nichols and
Sullivan. Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI, July 11.— Cincinnati made an
other great ninth inning finish to-<la>\ With
one out In the ninth Wood tripled and Pietz hit
for four bases. Flick muffed Ureltenstein's
hard liner. Barrett slnffled. FTaser then took
Donahue's place, Corcoran walked and Beck
ley's hit won the gan;e. Krrors save the Phil
lies all their runs. Attendance, 16000. Score:
K. 11. E.
Cincinnati - 7 8 5
Philadelphia 6 6 6
lotteries— Scott and Peitz; Dpnahue, Fraser
and Douglass. Umpire — Terry.
American League Games.
INDIANAPOLIS. July 1L— First game: In
dianapolis, 10; Mlnneaiiolls, 3. Second game:
In<ltanap"llB. 3; Minneapolis. K
HUKKALO, July U.— Chicago. 6; Buffalo. 10.
DETROIT, ' July II.— Detroit. 0; Kansas
City. C.
CLEVELAND, July 11.— No game; rain.
CONCESSION TO AMERICANS.
Sundays at Paris.
Our Athletes Need Not Compete, on
PARTS, July II.— What appeared to be a
disagreeable obstacle In the way of the
American athletes participating in the in
ternational sports which began on Satur
day, has been amicably and satisfactorily
settled. To-nlffht a meeting; wa3 held
in the rooms of the racing club and the
question of Sunday games, which it was
thought had been arranged, again ap
peared, and some of the most Important
events for the Americans were llxed lor
that day. When the original plans of the
meeting were outlined, the sports were
scheduled to begin on Sunday, which is
the day of all sporting events In France.
The agitation In the United States became
such and the refusal of the teams to enter
was so genera] that Mr. Spalding and his
assistant, Mr. De Garmendia. made strong
representations to the French officials in
charge of the sports, who finally agreed
that as Saturday Is a national holiday in
France the sports should be begun on that
day. 'v.--:-
NAPA. July 11.— A large crowd was In
attendance at the third day of the Napa
race meeting. The track was In much
better shape thajj it had Jiceri on the pre
ceding two days and a warm made
pood time in the various events possible.
A decision of the judges in the fifth heat
of tiio lirst race, by which Belle W was
given the heat ever Pani II on account
of the latter breaking, wa-s the cause of
much causne criticism among the horst
zr.t :i. it availed LUrlle kV rKHhiiif,'. how
ever, as Skin li captured the next heat.
giving him the race.
The event was a 2>ax>\ with six en
tries. Sojh li. the favunte. laJid'-d in third
place in liw nrsi htat. Belle IV -«id Mat
iie li coming- in ahead of him. He mo\ ,-.!
up one poi::t in the secoiid, and Th«-n cap
tured th«- r.-'xt two heats Mrateht. The
tifili went t.« Belle W on the judos' de
cision. Touffhnut and PYederlcksburg had
been distanced in the first bej.t.*and Santa
Anita Maaci, not having won a heat up to
the there were but thrc« starters
in that dash. An Interesting race it
proved to be, with Belle W well In the
lea*} until the three-quarter .post was
1 :..--p«d. Then Sam fl forget! ahead stead-
Uy Binning by a length in the ntth heat,
jiillard bander* was substituted for
Driver Wempe <>f lielle AV by the judge*.
The best tiaie recorded in the race was
*Tna first running event was a half-mile
all-age go, In which Lady iielolse sold
frnvorUA HHoise led the bunch from the
start, being several lengths ahea<t until
iUBt before the stand was rewheti. when
Jessie O came with a rush, taking second
place from Pompino.
The Beven furlongs selling affair had six
entries. El MiUo selling favorite. Nettie
Cia-k broke in front at the start and In
creased l.er iead until well ui> to the
three-quarter ;>ole. when the began to
l^rk up. El Mido pass«'<l tinder the wire
a ha-if U-ngth in front of Nettie Clark.
At the conclusion of the rate Starter
Fi*her announced that a bid of $C'W. the
lifted price of the horse, had been re
ceived. As no higher amount was bid.
m Mido wa_s knocked down at that ngure.
Following is the summary:
216 pacp. ail agr*. pur** J400. three in five.
W. W. SThltDeya b. g. H. by Jim
Blalr.e (Whitney) _..... ..3 . 1 1 * 1
G. W. \\>mies blk. m. Belle V , by
Director <\Venjpe and Sanders) 13 2 2 11
Canta Boat stock farm's t>r. m. Mat
tlt W (Curcelio) .213333
T Williams' bl. m. Santa Antta. llaiJ
by O-J.- Wi^i'-s iMaben) 444 4 4
Ftedericksbur* and Touehmit .Ustancoa In
Rur.r.'.njr. e!l ages, half a. rr.'Jf. purse ?3J0—
Lady UeloUc CRnnell) first. Jessie O (Brodine)
e^onnd. l'ompino <Dreyfus> wiird. 1 lme.M'-'i-
AJlwmiine«, Kl Artc. Kfina de lx>s Angfles and
Wbitcamb also ttarf-d.
Sever, furlougi. filing, purse J1..0— h.1 HWO
rGaffney) first. Nettie Clark (CoUU) second.
Jack McOab'' (Dreyfua) third. Tim*, l^a?*
ilLi:izan:l!a. Tenrica and Cody also started.
the Seven - Furlong
Event.
Lady Htloise Annexes the Half-Mile
Srirint and El Mido Captures
Six Heats Hotly Contested
Before a Winner Is
Returned,
SAM H HOME
FIRST IN THE
PACE AT NAPA
Floodgate won first money In the Mid
week reserve stake at Union Park yes
terday with Crawford Braes as runner-up.
Floodgate's courses were decisive victories
and were won with good wide margins.
The courses throughout the stake were
generally lone tests and relief dogs were
turned loose on five occasions before the
kills were made. Short ends landed often
enough to make things Interesting from
the bettor's point of view. The first up
set came In the fourth course. Lady GU
more was on U;e card to run with Master
Lawrence, but the latter dog was with
drawn and Sea Breez*. a recent importa
tion of the Russei; Allen & Wilson kennel,
was substituted for the bye course.
Sea. Breeze had just been boaten point
less by H. W. Hike's Nancy R in the first
run of the day and the talent in conse
quence thought but little of her chances
against a fresh dog. She beat the Lady
out. however, in a good run at odds of 6
to 1. Floodgate in tho second course fol
lowing got the flag- from Battleship, who
was quoted a 7 to 1 favorite. Olympus
beat Hummer at odds of 5 to 3; Miss Griz
zle beat Shylock Boy at the same odds;
Pepita beat O K Capitol at 3 to 1 in a
long course; Royal Oak beat Twilight Jr.
pointless. 2 to 1; Kustan beat Blackhawk
5 to 3; Floodgate beat Auckland 5 to 3;
Sky Blue beat Motto 2 to 1; Hawker beat
Scottish Chief 5 to 3; Slim beat Wild
Norah 4 to 1. These with a few others at
slight odds constltupted the short ends.
P. McCabe's Sky Blue was withdrawn
from the stake in the fourth round by the
field stewards. The dog's trainer was
seen to give the hound a stimulant while
on the field. He was called to account for
his action and was asked for the liquid.
He refused to accommodate the stewards
and poured the preparation on the ground.
His action will be investigated by the
proper committee.
The day's results follow, with Judgre
John Grace's official scores:
Midweek reserve stake, first round— H. W.
Rlke's Xancy R beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Sea Breeze, 5-0; J. Chamblirs Hot Foot beat
Captain Clarkson's Flower of Gold. 3-1; Bar
tels Bros.' Best Bargain beat A. Frank's Loi
terer. 13-2: E. M. Kellogg' s Lady Gilmore a
bye: J. Carroll's Auckland beat Russell, Allen
6 Wilson's Scotland Yet 5-0; G. Nethercotfs
Floodgate beat J. Byrne's Battleship, 6-1; B.
M. KellogR's Hummer beat J. Byrne's Olym
pus, 7-5; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma
beat J. Van-oil's Bluestone. 22-1; T. Lojran's
Miss Grizzle beat J. Hurley's Shylock Boy,
16-6; Curtis & Son's Anchor beat P. Brophy's
Benicia Boy, 7-4; R. E, de B. Lopez's Peplta
beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol, 11-6; Bartela
Bros.* Beer Brewer beat J. Hurley's Hurricane.
26-10; C. W. Bonar's Wild Norah beat Bartels
Bros.' Betsy Barrow, 4-0; J. Keenan's Royal
Oak beat D. Toland's -Twillcht Jr.. 5-0; Jeff
Martenett's Slim bent J. Byrne's Eleven Spot,
S-5: D. Ford's Bonita beat P. C. Bllck's La
Rosa Souvenir. 12-5; Pasha Kennels' Round
About beat T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll. 4-0; W. II.
Jones' Rustan beat J. McNeil's Blackhawk,
3-2; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat P. A.
McComb's Tatrlot. S-3; E. M. Kellogg' s Ben's
Babe beat W. G. Glasson's Santonin, 5-4: Sterl
& Knowles' Sleety Mist beat J. O'Uowd's
Shootover, C-0; E. Geary's. America beat J.
Carroll's Red Hind, 3-2; P. McCabe's
Sky Blue beat E. and R. Scott'g
Lord Brron, 4-0; F. A. McComb's Mot
to beat Alaher & Reid's Nellie Bawn. 4-0;
Vasha Kennels" Rr-IUckine Airs beat E. Geary's
Borr.le Parha, 3-0; Welch & Hanrahan'8 Sac
ramento Boy beat T. Tearney'a Tea Rose, S-3;
J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat K. M. Kellog^'s
Iowa. Boy, 3-2: Kay Bros.' Hawker beat Russell,
AllL-n & Wlison'a Weddinp Bells, 6-0; C. B.
Cn.rrlesworth's Crawford Braes a bye; Curtis
& Sons' Maud S beat J. J. Kenny's Winning
Lassie. 6-1; W. C. G'appon's Sleigh Bells beat
D. Dillon's Prince George. 3-2; P. C. Bllck's
Advancs Guard beat T. Loamn's Leah, 4-2.
Second round — Hot Foot beat Nancy R, 12-6:
Best bargain beat Lady Gtlmore, 3-1: Flood
gate beat Auckland. G-2; Lady Emma beat
Olvmpus, 11-S; Anchor beat Miss Grizzle. 5-2;
Ueer Brewer a bye; Wild Norah beat Royal
Oak, 8-1: Slim beat Bonita. 10-2: Round Abaut
b»at Rustan, 42-3; Rest Assured beat
Ben's Babe, 4-2; Sleety Mist beat Amer
ica. 10-8; Sky Blue beat Motto. 3-2: Sacramento
Boy beat Rollicking Airs, 3-2; Hawker b?at
Scottish Chief. C-0: Crawford Braes beat Maud
S, 5-0; SleiRh Bells beat Advance Guard, 18-12.
Third round— Best Bargain beat Hot Foot,
6-4: Floodgate beat I^ady Kmma, 10-4; Anchor
beat Beer Brewer. 12-2; Slim beat "Wild Norah,
t;-2; Slrety Mist teat Round About, 4-3: Sky
Blue beat Rest Afsured. 3-0; Sacramento Boy
bea.t Hawker, 4-2: Crawford Bra*s a bye.
Fourth round— Floodgate beat Best Bargain.
in-4; Anchor beat Slim, 17-4; Sleety Mist a bye;
Crawford Braes beat Sacramento Boy, 10-7.
Fifth ro'ind— Floodgate beat Anchor, 6-3;
Crawford Braes a bye.
. Deciding round— Floodgate beat Crawford
Braes, 10-2.
Sea Breeze, Beaten Pointless, 13
Pitted Against Lady Gilmore
and Beats Her at Good
Odds.
Scores Ten Points Against
Crawford Braes' Kill
in the Final.
FLOODGATE WITH
SPEED TO SPARE
WHS THE STAKE
CHICAGO, July 11.— Bookmakers at
Washington Park track have lost thou-
Far.ds oi dollars through a swindling
scheme that came to light to-day. The
t-hiel factor in the scheme is under arrest
anil h;ts named two men as his confener*
atts.
All of the pool tickets used at the track
are made i»y a downtown firm in this city,
and to-day 'Herman Appel. one of its em
ployes, v.'a^ placed uikJit arrest on the
clfarK'c of stealing tickets and using them
to defraud bookmakers at the track. After
Ix-ing locket! up for an hour he confessed
and n;tni<-d C. R. llusrell anc K. Levitt,
botli well known at the track, as Ills ac
complices.
The j.ian was to watch for the issuing
of tickets and tlu-n making out a dupli
cate rush to the bookmaker as soon as tho
race was finished ar.d cash in before the
holder of the actual ticket could get
around.
It is impossible to form an estimate of
how larpe the operations have been, but
one bookmaking tirm. known as the
Trisco Club, has been the heaviest loser,
and It is said that it Is out thousands of
dollars. Several other bookmakers have
beon hit hard.
Employe of a Firm of Lithographers
Confesses and Implicates Two
Tollowers of the
Turf.
Bogus Tickets Cashed at
the Washington Park
Track.
BOOKMAKERS
DEFRAUDED BY
CLEVER ROGUES
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— A statement of the
position of the local street railway strik
ers, reviewing the strike since its incep
tion, was given to the public this after
noon. In the closing paragraph the state
ment declares that, in the opinion of the
union, a fair settlement of the strike can
not be obtained -while Mr. Baumhoff re
mains in the position of general manaRer.
A member of the executive committee
of the local union of street railway em
ployes said that the day had been spent In
investigating tho statements made by Mr.
Baumhoff regarding the names of men
that he has reported had gone to work
for the Transit Company. It was declared
that not a sinple man had deserted the
union and but one man of all the names
posted by A3,r. Baumhoff had gone to work
and this man had quit work as soon as
the strike was redeclared.
Cars are running on all of the lines
about as usual, but it Is noticeable that
the number of wagons and other vehicles
carrying passengers has increased during
the past two days.
President Whitaker had this to say to
day:
"1 know nothing of any statement hav
ing been made that the company would
not proceed to live up to the agreement
by which .the strike was settled. We have
reinstated several men who submitted
their applications after the settlement.
The company will continue to pursue the
policy which it has always followed. It
stands ready to take back any former em
plcrye who asks for a position and who is
known to be a good man."
Adam II. Fuchs. one of the leading mil
liners here, to-day executed a chattel deed
of trust for the benent of creditors. The
liabilities of the concern amount to about
$48,000 but the assets have not yet been
inventoried. Mr. Fuchs said:
"The strike was the sole cause of the
filing of the deed of trust. The stopping
of the street railway traffic so Kieatly
diminished our trade that we felt it neces
sary to protect our creditors."
Issue a Statement Declaring There
Can Be No Settlement While
He Is at the Head of
Affairs.
Bitter Toward the St. Louis
Traction Company
Manager. _
STRIKERS LAY
THEIR TROUBLE
TO BAUMHOFF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
Japan Anxious.
Japan has become alarmed over the emigra
tion of many of her residents to this country.
It is stated that they are lured here by mis
representation and then turned adrift. This
is like the misrepresentation which "delude
people Into bellevlnj? that any other medicine
Is equal to Hcstetter's Stomach Bitters for
Btojnach disorders. In the Bitters He safety
and nurety. If is worth its weight in gold In
all cases of indigestion, constipation, dyspep
sia, malaria, fever, and ague. .
Suicide of an Unknown Man.
SACRAMENTO, July. 11.— An .unknown
man committed suicide In the room of a
Front-street lodging-house on Monday
evening, his body not being discovered
until to-night. Papers containing a white
powder, presumably morphine, were found
on the table, and on a piece of white pa
per he had scrawled the words. "I am
tired of being sick." He had registered as
Sam Wolvlngton, but had destroyed all
01 her things that might lead to his iden
tity, save a stamped envelope containing
a blank sheet of paper, the envelope being
addressed to Mrs. F. W. Pratt. ; 3239 Cali
fornia avenue, St. Louis, Mo. The Coro
ner assumed charge of the remains and
will hold an inquest-
8
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. .iSSSS^iS
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE l~AK.E
In the heart of .the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake. Cal. ¦
DUNCAN" SPRINGS HOTELS hop?* 1 ,!?
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottases furnished. For terms
¦ nd particulars addaess O. HOWELL. Hopland.
Mendocino County, Cal.
VAQFMIT'F ¦ a % bou " from sa»
* VJOa-ITla 1 l_ Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route. Staees leave Chinese Station
en line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trip from
Ban Francisco $32. For further Information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. General A sent.
(30 Market St.. S. F.; telephone Mala 51S2.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
.For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
THE WELLESLEY,
California ana I.nrkln St».. San Francisco,
,^»^-Strlctly First-class FamKy HoteL
- • MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
FI IHfiMF HOTFI Los oatos. cai.-
¦LLfllUlUE HJ1CL, Beautiful grounds,
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train- Si mile*
from San Francisco. Pare $1 C
KANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. Svt
mi.es from Santa Cruz: dellzhtful summer
nome in redwoods; running water: abund.mco
w 1 Vfff^wU L T ble: trTTn » *> »O week. Addre*.
tv. CRANDELU Santa Cruz. Cal.
' '^fiHiP RANCH - Nice furroundlnra:
i S^tfn^ LM 001118^ lrood uble: convenl'rt
] location. Addr»*» F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen, oJ
VICHY SPRINGS,
Three miles from Uklah. The only pia^e In the
United States where vlchy water Is abundant.
The only natural electric waters: champagne
baths: extraordinary tonic properties. J. A
REDEMEYER & CO., Vlchy Springs, Men-
docino County, Cat.
"CARLSBAD &$$?&£
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Water*
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: $10 a week; lighted by *as.
W. R. McGOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Lake Co.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Irnn and Macnesla Springs. Thes» rel»br»t»<i
sprincs adjoin EartWt Sprinss. Fishing: hunt-
ing: home CG->kln«r: rood bed»: $8 50 to $10 week:
cott.ices for hPU«ekeec!ng. MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Frrlnrs. Cal. .> y-r.:
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennle. livery, new walks, etc. Write' for
circular to H. V7AMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lnk? County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finent In tfle State —
Shovel Creek. 13 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty cf catr.* Jn surrounding mouptaln*-
grouse, quail, deer and b»nr. KDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswick. SIskiyou County. CaL
CALIFORNIA HOT 5PRIN'G>L o uI m a1, r en^
Springs; new management; a place of mmfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tiburon
ferry. R. R- station on hotel eroumls: exten-
sive swimming tank: $10 50 and up per we»k;
roupd-trlp 11 10 nn Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Agua Callente, Ca!. Lon?-distance phone.
THF HFYSERS soiemi
ONE OF NATURE" S TVO2iT>ER3.
Natural steam baths, swimming, flshlnr,
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
Ltrgest Medical Institute and Most Extenslvs
Practica Consultation Free.
73! MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
Borne Cares. ¦ Seilei Privita Beak, Free.
Dr. C. C. 0'DonneN's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is the best camnlng. picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver nnd stomacn
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
world: 48 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
¦ nd S. F. and N. P. R. R. Klve special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished :
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boata and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021H
Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. IJ
you want your health this Is the placs to go.
CI/ArrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
v5 «V /A VI VJ *O County; only 4>4 hour*
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
ttaging: waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
*cenery. good trout streams at door: tel«*Dhone.
telegraph: dnllv mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTKL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon «tase«: round tr!j> from
San Francisco onlv $3 50. Take Tiburon ferry
»t 7:10 a. m. or 8:33 p. m. Terms. i2 a day or
III a week. References— Any «ue*t of tho past
flve years: patronase constantly lacreastne.
J. F. MTTLGRE'W. Proprletrr.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
BRUNINO. Santa Hosa. Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Cp. : fine fishing, boating, bathing andl
banting: In the heart c* the mountains. Th*
test table In Lake Co. Address O. WEId-
MAN. Mldlnke P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
The Place Son Rest and Health
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R, R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco; JS a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
j ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
4 Qimrt Bottles, $3?g
Express Charces Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
family use. We Rive you the benefit of the
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
jpgp PURE WHISKEY
Nothing: on case to Indicate contents. Money
refunded If not satisfactory. Twice the price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F, EPHRAIM & CO.. Distillers' Agents,
18 Mont£om;ry St., S- F., Cal.
Sole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co... Inc.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
Kta. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Maentflc»nt
rcenery. rtellehtful walks. Huntlnif and flah)-
lrr. No tor*. Unecualed for health, rest «nd
recreation. Rates. $11 to tM per week. Trains
l»ave Thtrii and Tow-send streets. 9. F.. * a.
m. and !:45 p. m. daily. Carriaz** at Gllrov
for spring:*. For lllnstrat»<1 pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Prop-letor.
SANTA GATALINA ISLAND,
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
Z l i Hours' Ride From Los Ane*"!***. Ca!.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Flshins Tour-
nament, ausnlces the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise. *
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
222 South Spring St.. Lc3 Anseles. Cal
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
PAR41S0 HOT SPRINGS. CnrI t^r°?=-
Monterey Ccunty, Cal.— Fcr health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-dat«
accommodations: benntlfu! scnery: profusion
of Bowers; hot soda, sulphur and electrto
baths: swimming tank MjW ?eet. Our masseur*
are all irradaates. Hunting and flstilnir: chil-
dren's playeround. croquet. lawn tennis and
dance hall: larsre hotel and 33 cott**e». arToM-
Inir rpeclal accommodations for families: all
Illuminated bv ea«. By train. Third an<! Town-
rend streets. Part Francisco. * a. m. : First an*
rtroadway. Oakland. Mi a. m. dally for Sole-
dan 1 . then by =tas? over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. JS. at 9.
P. office. SIS Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated namphl»ts and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident phvslcian.
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta'3 summit, clad In snow.
Far from ths chilling summer fons and fre*
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERN. 3;f0 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
rreen slopes of Sha»ta. is the Meal spot fcr a
summer vacation. Near it the rreat forests cf
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wt.1«
expanse of meadows, above it the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the Idler— re«t. For the hunter— the great
frame of the mountains. Fcr th» angler— tha
pa'.mon and the trim In th« hea'lwiters of th»
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT Slrf-
SON'S DOOR. Tr.e tavern is n»w and fre^h
and- clean, with every modern comfort. Th»
railway brings on* almost to the door. Wher*
Nature Is her e mdcst. come an4 learn Jiow
pran«l her inspirations are. Rate*. $10 trt J13
per week $2 T.D per day. Guides and horses for
mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSON, Pro-
prietor. Slsscn. Cal.
ITTO E.NevCR. PaOP.PAiO HO
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Licit Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery at.. San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. M*r.. San Jose. C*L
Centra! California
I MOT SPRINGS
1 ¦¦ Plunge ar.d swimming baths for
pleasure. Hot mud, sulphur and
hot sand baths drive away Ills of bone,
blood and muscle. Rates for hotel,
baths end physicians. J10 to $21 a wet*.
Special rou.id-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further tnfor-
Imatlon of FRANK W. ELY. City
Asent, te!. Red 233S. W Market st..S.F.
HIUDSPMNCS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mgrs.
Swimmlns Tanks, Bowllns Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery-
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Kxperlenced Guides.
GEO. \V. WATSOX, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will ba
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVKR 30 MINERAL. SPRINGS.
Rates— $10. $12 and $14 per Week.
Resident Physician, Advlre Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
HotFl and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing Jn Ballroom every evening: George
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weelily.
ONLV GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COTTNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland;
AIIRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKLE, 620 Post
street, Pan Francisco.
For further Information call at Traveler
office, TO Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
KNITillNGCO.
103 Post St.. Near Ksarny. S. F.
-. Beaotlfu! Xetr Styles
f^> Ladles'.
Y7 Gent's and ChJIdren'i
t Bathing
Suits
(Alpaca and Knitted)
At Prices to
Suit Everybody.
Sweaters. Jerseys. Golf Vests,
Jackets, Leggings. Sport-
- tng Goods.
~ "© Send for Illustrated Cata-
logues.
HHBBBBBEHBBBBH1BHIIB
¦ a
a _ b
s if nil rinn't ¦
s yuu uuii i i
I need to be 1
ta n
§ TfliSl ¦
a lUBU b
¦ H
¦ B
| That an- investment ¦
| which secures you against g
a Moss is better than one"
g which affords no security, g
§ If you can participate in g
| an undertaking where the |
ra possibilities of BIG RE- g
| TURNS ON YOUR IN- 1
| VESTMENT are apparent g
| g and at the same time have g
a held *in N trust for you g
I AMPLE SECURITIES to |
| reimburse you if such |
a possibilities do not bear b
| fruit, don't you think it I
§ is better than to let your a
® money lie in savings I
1 banks, whic'i. cannot offer I
I you any greater security, I
? drawing a low interest I
I with no chance of making ?
a more / b
I What will happen to I
I you if you buy Ophir Oil I
I Stock is this: When oil §
S"is struck, even in small §
a quantities, your money §
§ will be more than doubled, g
jjj Should a large supply be S
S uncovered, a few hundreds g
S would surely yied thous- g
S ands of dollars. §
g if oil should not be dis-B
a covered you relinquish g
i your s'.ock and will re- °i
g ceive back the entire U
| amount paid in, together §
| with interest only a trifle | :
| less than the interest paid |
| by sav ngs banks. |
| Of course, such an op- g
| portunity will not be |
| given any great length of g
I time. |
| Send for prospectus or g
| call at room 14,5th floor, |
| Mills Building. |
g J. P. MASSIE, g
a Agent for San Francis:o and vicinity. El
SBBBBBBBBSBBBDQBBBBBBa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REST
Noted for perfect climate the whole.
year, day and night.
its TENT CITY «s
THE IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
You are sure to have a goood time
there. Inquire about It at 4 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, or
E. 8. BABCOCK. Manager,
Coror-ado Beach, Cal.
CORONADO BEACH
SPORT
55«/«^-k«-» ~Yhc Sanitarium o'
DyrOfl the Coast. Th?b-st
¦j - physicians recom-
llO* m;nd it as th- onlv
o . cur: for rheumaiisfrs
Snr. flflS- and malaria.
J P' IDI M^9Addre« A. BETTKV*.
Mirr. Byron Hot Sprint*. Cal.
Clfv O'n/»e. Room 30. 3<5 Cearv »tr»et.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
By Tiburon Ferry. 7:30 a. m. ; $3 50 round
trip. Rates. flO to $14 a week.
J. MARTENS. Prop.. Bacheler P. O.. Lake
Co. Send for booklet— tells all about every-
thing. City office. 416 Pine st.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
¦ S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGOR A-
¦tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Acents.
S23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
te
jtAt
£ VISIT OR- JORDAN'S GREAT A
{MUSEUM OF AHATOMY{
A £fe 10S1 IUS3Z7 3S. ttt 6±iTX Z.T.C-.1 A
\ Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in ibe \
n World \V eafcne^ses or any contracted m
T ¦feSnSl <lhe»« pe»lll*eljr cured by ibe-ol«le»tT
© BSi Vajl i)pcaaIi5tr»t!icCoi»t EsL36year».
&%&.& OR- JORBAM-FPJV&TE DISEASES 4
A F^Jclfc&w Coasult»tioo frc^ arul strictly prir»te \
\ H y «S B Pom.tin Cura in cverjr case uaderukea. \
A F if I1& Write for Boob. PBILOSOPnVtfrA
r'| l'» «*nniACK, mailed frhsl a?
A Q (L valuable book lo€ tarn) \
7 ****¦¦ JOBDAHACO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
C^fc^^^^>^^»^%>^^. ¦<» -^ "^ 5>,•Voyagers Swell Sweeney Fund.
The passengers on the steam schooner
Luella gave jin entertainment on board
Drunk on Stolen Beer.
James Duffy. Tom King and R. Mitchell,
genuine specimens of the genus . hobo,
were eent to the County Jail for three
months each by Judge Conlan yesterday.
They were arrested " on Jackson-street
wharf Tuesday - night on a charge of
vagrancy. They climbed a fence where
some beer barrels were stored.- One had
An Easy .Victory.
I will sell to-day 500 pairs ladles' sthoes,
in lace or button., vesting and kid top.
worth 12.50 to $3.50, for $1.00 a pair. To
morrow 750 pairs boys* school shoes.
wcrth $2.00. for 75 cents a pair: not more
than two pairs to • any one person will
be sold at the assiemee sale of shoes. 775
Market, yreet, near Fourth. P. C. Kelly.
Assignee. •
VIOLA FOSTER, a colored woman
weighing about 400 pounds, was
congratulated by Judge Conlan yes
terday on her detective ability, and
the Judge suggested that she should apply
for a position In the, '.'upper office.'.' 'She
took the suggestion • seriously and the
Judge may be called upon to use his In
fluence In getting her appointed one of
Captain Seymour's sleuths.
Viola was the complaining witness In
the case of the People vs. Nellie Ray
mond, a Caucasian, charged with, petty
larceny. Nellie was accused of stealing
a. pair of gold eyeglasses valued at: ?12.
the property of Amy Sllvey, a colored
girl living at 431 Jessie street', where Viola
also resfdes. Nellie made a call upon Amy
on the -morning-of July 6, and after she
had left the eyeglasses were missed. Amy
mentioned the fact to Viola, who deter
mined to play detective. She waited upon
Nellie that afternoon and asked her in a
friendly way. .where -she ..was in the habit
of .buying her eyeglasses. Nellie being
troubled with sore eyes. Nellie. told her,
and .Viola 'went to an optician On" Keamy
street and asked him 'what sort of glasse-s
Nellie had purchased. :The optician said
she had exchanged a- pair of gold eye
glasses for the • ones she . got. Viola re
quested to bo shown the gold eyeglasses,
and sure enough they were the ones stolen
from » iflj "LiWi''>M^[li^^(#]ff(y0uili6iWriti.'gMii
Armed with this Information Viola
called upon Nellie and charged her with
the theft and also with stealing her gold
bracelet. Nellie broke down and con
fessed her fall from grace, and Viola took
her to the City. Prison, where a charge of
petty larceny i was booked against her.
.-Viola told her story in court yesterday
so. ingenuously. that the Judge could not
refrain . from extending - his congratula
tions. Amy was called upon and identified
the eyeglasses. Nellie declined. to make a
statement, and • the Judge convicted her
and ordered her to appear • for sentence
this morning.
"I shall bring your case to theattention
of the Chief of Police." said the Judge.
as Viola was leaving the courtroom, and
Viola replied:
"All right, honey. I'se glad If you do."
HOW VIOLA FOSTER SUCCESSrULLY PLAYED DETECTIVE ON NELLIE RAYMOND.
St. Jossph's Parish Picnic
The annual picnic of St. Joseph's Parish
will take place at Shell Mound Park on
Saturday, July, 28. A large number of
valuable -gate and game prizes are to be
awarded. The gameS committee has an
nounced that final arrangements are com
pleted. Dancing and a good programme
of exercises are promised, and the com
mittees in charge are sparing no effort to
make the event a memorable one.
SAYS SHE ELOPED WITH
A PHILIPPINE FRIEND
Cause of Dr. Sanger's Divorce Suit.
Decrees Granted to Three Un
happy Couples.
Notwithstanding the fact that the pa
pers in the case were ordered sealed by
the court, the facts on which Dr. Isidore
Sanger seeks to recover a divorce from
his wife. Mrs. Hattie Sar.ger, have be
come public property. It is said that Mrs.
Sanger eloped with "one Captain Lovell,
whom she met in the Philippines while
there on a visit with her husband. On
their return to America, it is alleged. Cap
tain Lovell followed and during the ab
sence of Dr. Sanger in the East their
elopement. was planned and consummated.
Mrs. Sancer. who is no longer young, be
ing a grandmother, was a Miss Hattie
Wolff, and married her husband In this
city over thirty years ago.
Manuel B. Costa was granted a divorce
vesterdav f mm ,Therya A. B. Costa on the
ground of desertion.
A divorce has been granted Frances Mc-
Donald from John F. McDonald on the
ground of willful neglect. May Belle Car
ter has secured a divorce from William
D. Carter on the ground of desertion.
OBSTRUCTIONS ON THIRD
STREET TO BE REMOVED
South End Rowing Club Has No Per
mission to Maintain Buildings
on the Driveway. »
The Board of Public Works has recom
mended to the Board of Supervisor* that
the obstructions on Third street, between
Berry «and Channel, be ordered re
moved, and that sixty days time be given
therefor. Two weeks ago a petition
«=igned by property-owners representing
4&43 feet of frontage on Third street, from
MarKct to Channel, was filed with the
Supervisors. In which it was alleged that
certain persons had unlawfully entered
upon and taken possession of the inner
half of the driveway on Third street,
from Berry to Channel, and have erected
thereon numerous wooden house?, sheds
and structures to the number of ten or
more, thereby depriving the public of ac
cess to the water front at the end of
Third street. ¦
A J. Donovan, principal office assistant
of the Bureau of Street?, made an inves
tigation and reports that he is unable to
find any resolution of the Board of Super
visors granting permission to the South
End Rowing Clob to maintain the build
ings mentioned in the petition of prop
erty-owners. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC SUES
TO CONDEMN PROPERTY
Seeks to Acquire a Clear Right of
Waj South From Seventh
Street.
The Southern Pacific Company filed
condemnation proceedings In the Su
perior Court jesterday for the purpose of
complftinp its right of way from the foot
of Seventh street south to the county
line. A map of the right of way which
the corporation has been seeking to ac
quire for several years was published in
Th* Call some time «go, together with
the plans of the company.
For three years an agent of the com
pany has been quietly buying up prop
erty lying in the proposed right of way.
but many people refused to sell. An ac
tion in eminent domain to compel them
to dispose of their property for tho public
good h.-s been filed, however, and the
work of the Southern Pacific Company to
acquire the right of way is about con
cluded. Nine actions, nil on the same
point, were filed yesterday and fifty more
will be filed within the next few days.
At the conclusion of the court proceed
ings the company will immediately begin
to tunnel the three hills on the route and
two yearB hence south-bound Jrains, it Is
said, will be running over the tracks.
BUXOM COLORED WOMAN IN
THE ROLE OF A DETECTIVE
Truth Society Members Present.
Several hundred members of the Catho
lic Truth Society attended a monthly
service m St. Mary's Cathedral last even
in?. Rev. Father O'Ryan officiated and
also made a brief address.
Northern Ssaport Now Making Great
Commercial Strides — Factories
to Be Built.
John McCallan of the Gordon & Fraser
Insurance agency has returned from his
old home in Eureka. Humboidt County.
He found a highly improved condition of
affairs, which promises great things for
the northern metropolis.
"When I left Eureka in 1S96. at the close
of Cleveland's administration." said he.
"the city was in the midst of great de
pression. Houses by the score were va
cant: men were out of employment and
property could not be sold for one-half
its real value. In fact, the city seemed
to be on the verge of bankruptcy.
"I am happily surprised at the change.
The entire county is in a most prosperous
condition. "Many substantial improve
ments aiT bfing made. All dwellings
seem occupied. The mills, which were
Idle in lSW. are now active, and on every
hand I found new life and business ac-
GREAT PROSPERITY COMES
TO THE CITY OF EUREKA
Efforts in both political parties to get
voters to register caused considerable
activity at the Registrars oflice in the
City Hall last evenir.g-. The law requires
every voter to register anew this year.
Citizens who have neglected the duty
go at once to the City Hall and
register.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican County Committee will meet Satur
day evening to hear a. statement of griev
ar.ces from the Republicans of the dis
trict who are opposed to J. J. Curry's
method of club enrollment.
Dawsor. Mayer, George J. Boyne and
others addressed a petition to the commit
tee yesterday. The petitioners ask that
the f<-pular foil be placed in the hanjls o*
fn Impartial committee for revision*. It
i- rassested th2t a new election of club
officers be ordered after the roll has been
* There is a deal of feeling in the district
apainst what is called the arbitrary con
duct of County Committeeman Curry.
His refusal to allow a copy of the roll to
be made is set forth in the petition. It is
a!so alleped that he pave a flimsy excuse
for his failure to submit the original roll
to the inspection of the executive com
mittee.
Colonel Georee Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Committee, who went
Kast a few days ago. will be absent from
the city for two or three weeks. The chair
at hi? df -sk in the headquarters of the
Re;->ubh<~»n party in Jhe Palace Hotel is
occupied by EM Conroy. secretary of the
Pilnt Commission an<I late secretary of
D. M. Burns.
The herchmen of K^lly and Crimmirs
are jroir.g ah?.id witn the plan for a sep
arate convention in the Fourth District
to nominate a Republican candidate for
C<~.r.sreFs. It if conceded that Julius. Kahn
is entitled to renominciion and re-*>I*>ction
to Congress in this district, but his
friends apprehend that he will be badly
handicapped if he i« forced to bear the
burden of Phil Crimmir.s' indorsement.
R>publirars should watch every move
of th* Kelly-Crimmins gang in order to
o^f^at th«» srh^rne on foot to give these
bosses control of th» district '-onvention.
The ?¦xistinK Fourth <'nngTessional Cirn
mHtep meet* in the dark. Tho petition for
a ffptratp conyeniioa was secretly pre
jiarp<i n.n<\ f:'.ci\ with as much secrecy as
the law allows. No good reason was
shown f"t calling; a separatp convention.
Th*> Mint saloon bosses apprehend that
ThS Republicans of Sa.n Francisco who re-
Ei<»» within the boundaries of th<> Fourth
restrict will *rn<i to tf.^ State convention.
£t Santa Cruz c!ean. intelligent and inde
perdent delegates and they do not desire
that m^n of this character phould control
th*» ConKTPssion District convention. The
bossies want a convention composed of
to he selected in the Jlint
fa'.oon so that the convention will reap
point the creatures of Kelly and Crim
mins to control the Congressional District
< "orntriittt"" for the n*-xt two years. For
that purpose a petition for a separate
convention was filed.
It is tim» that the decent Republicans
r.I th<* Fourth District are organirinir to
<\pff-at th«» s=chrm*> of Kelly and Crimmins.
As early as pos^ibl** delegates should b<?
put forward. In each Assembly district
the independent anti-hop? Republicans
should place In th«* n>ld mw 1 set of good
tnrn for <1eleRat«»» to the State convention
and another set of good men for delegates
to the separate district convention.
Political Club Meetings.
.
se
nM
rp
Ha
¦w
th
ly
Cl
Tb«? Republican? r.f the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District are active in holding
B*eetlB£i. There were two meetings of
representative bodies held at Saratoga
Hall last nfjrht. Tho'OVirjtlnrntal-Leapue.
¦which has been In active existence durinj?
th*- pni-r ten yf-ars. h»ld its regular month-
Jv-ro«"Un(? upptairs. whilo the Independent
Club, which has been organized fince last
Plan for Separate Convention Is
Jlerely a Scheme to Capture
the Governing Body of
the Party.
Kelly and Crimmins Should
Be Closely Watched in
Fourth District.
SECRET WORK OF
BOSSES T0 GAIN
PARTY CONTROL
March, occupied the lower hall. Both
meetings were well attended by the rep
resentatives of the party and much was
said and done as preliminary to the com
ing primary election. By this means Re
publicans will be given a chance of elect
ing fair-minded representatives to the
convention, who will not take their orders
from i he Mint saloon bosses.
The Bryan Club of the Forty-second As
sembly District m^t at 4V1 Geary street
last r.icht and indorsed the platform of
the Democratic convention at Kansas
City.
VACATION WAS SPOILED
BY SUCCESSIVE MISHAPS
Two Warm - Belt Peace Guardians
Abandon an Abalone Fishing
Excursion.
Police Officers Joseph A. Crakbon and
John. Potter of the Mission division figured
on having a gay time during their twelve
days" vacation in catching abalone "fish"'
! v.ith a hook and line at Halfmoon Bay.
j That economy might be a feature of their
; outing they provided amply for this in
their own peculiar way. They hired a
horse and wagon to carry all of their
pro\'ision and camping" outfit. Potter, who
claims to be a judge of horseflesh, as- '
signed himself to this branch of the con
tract, while Crakbon. who knows, or
thinks he does, ail about short-jointed
sausages, undertook to purchase the!
stores and reguiate the packing..
Everything wont well after the start
had been made a few days ago until
Golden City oji the San Bruno road was
reached, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Here the "skate" that Potter had picked
out for the trip and which had been se
cured from the stables of the Shea fam
ily, known as peddlers throughout the
Mission, braced its forefeet in the dusty
roadway and refused to budge an inch
either backward or forward.
The peddWs "hoss" was coaxed and
cajoled to move. ' Crakbon tried to pull
him along by the bridle, while Potter be
labored him with a San Hruno wattle cut
from an accommodating hedge on the
wayside, but all in vain. , .
Finally the stubborn brute' was un
hitched and turned loos?, while Crakbon
; returned to town for another nag. The
n^w horse was hitched to the wagon and
a start was made. About 4 o'clock in th»;
morning horse, cart and contents wer-i
found in a ditch on the roadside near the
county line, where the rig had overturned
while the two men were asleep in the
vehicle. Word wa? brought to the Seven
teenth-street station and the mounts 1
squad was sent out to the rescue. After
enjoining secrecy ffom all parties the two
officers abandonr-d the trip and are now
home in prolusion, afraid to show their
faces to th^ir grinning companions.
A Defaulting Agent.
T. E. Scully, wholesale liquor merchant
at 420 Sacramento street, swore tr> a com
plaint in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
for the arrest of T. F. Es?an. one of his
agents, on the charge of felony embezzle
ment. Egan is accused ol collecting a bill
for $136 and appropriating the money to>
his own u?es* and purposes.
The annual picnic of St, Patrick's par
ish will be held on Labor day, September
3 at Schuetzen Park. Tne time and place
were decided upon at a meeting of the
committee of arrangements held In the
hall In the basement of the church Tues
day night.
Eugene F. Lacy presided at tne com
mittee meeting and David Berry acted as
secretary. They are officers of the gen
eral committee and- Rev. P. Heslin is
treasurer. The committees are as follow:
Arrangements — Thomas O'Brien. Ja™"
Hughes. William T. Flynn. T. Cleary. Frank
Fullivaxu Thomas Conlan. John J. O'Brien.
Martin Tiernay. M. P. Ward.-T. Leach John
Coffee J. Lori. Thomas L. Doran. James
Lamey P. Mc.Vimee. James O'Brien. E. Mc-
Gibney. E. McDeviti, Daniel Ahem. William
Fitzgerald. John Hughes, J. Griffin. Maurice
CorrMan. C. F. O'Connor. C. Regan. George
Dougherty. John Rowe. E. Fitzgerald. J. Allen.
Reception— Maurice Corridan. chairman; M. 1*.
Ward. P. McNamee, E. McGibnty, John
Hughes. John Coffee, John Rowe. James
Lamey J. McDevitt, James Flood. P. Mulligan.
C F O'Connor, John Cronin. John J. O'Brien.
J. J Lynch. James Hughes. Miss Nellie
O'Brien. Rose Kell>- Mamie Brestin. Miss
Genevieve Sullivan. Ella Cronin. Nellie Kear
ney Lor.a HnlUen. May O'Connor. Annie W.
Wcsthaus. Mary Xeyland. May Lyne. Mr«.
Hughes. Marguerite Regan. Mrs. Lydon. Ma
mie Flood. Mrs. T. L. Sullivan. Mn. B. Do
hmrtr. Miss U!U<? Byrne.
(jjjmp.s—William T. Flynn. chairman; Thomas
L. Doran. Maurice Corrida n. William Fitzger
ald. John Allen. John Coffee.
Music — William Connors, chairman; M. P.
Ward. J. O" Brier.. Daniel Ahern. John Coffee.
Press and publicity— David Barry, Eugene F.
Fahy. J. Griffin. William T. Flynn.
Programme— E. McDevttt. V(. Flynn. J. J.
Lynch. C. F. O'Connor. James O'Brien. John
Kowc.
Prize* — Mls"!"<?s Jennie McCarthy. A. M. W(*t<
haux. Ella fronln. Rose K*lly. Nellie O'Brien.
I^n* Hnlden.' Kittie Hofran. Hannah fJriffln.
Josvphine Oately. Mary Kinderfcan. Kate Ful
ler. Josie Bums. Nonie Sullivan. Li 1 fie O'Con
nor. «_J?riie McCarthy. Margaret O'Brien. Kate
Doran. Mamie Flood, May L.yn<». May O'Connor.
Mary N>yland. Ltllle Hogan, A&nes Gately.
Mary CS Tegory. Agatha Glover. Kate Kusflck.
Margaret Pratt. Kittle Woods. Mary McDet
mott Gen»vieve Sullivan. Ella Neyland. J?nn!e
Glynn. Kate Delury. Marie Re«.an. Julia Wall.
Ella Hagerty. Lillle Martin. Kate Cantweli.
Lillian Hughes. Kliiabeth Fuller. Fanny
Hausman. Nellie Mrlntosh. Farah Dougherty
Laura I>ann<>cker. Josie Burn?. Annie Mc-
Auliffe. M. Anthony: Mrs. Hushes.. Mr?. Br«»
lin. Mrs. James Flnod. Mrs. Mel-aujshltn. Mrs.
Cahlll. Mrs. Butters, Mrs. Lyrton, Mrs. H.
Phue. Mrs. Kearney, Mrs. Mlnigan. J. B. Mc-
P*rmott, G. Grey.
y inor— John J. Griffin. Thomas Conlan. James
O'Brien. J. McDevltt. Martin Tiernay. C. Re-
Kan. B. J. McDermott. G. Doherty, W. A.
Preslin. ;-Vi :
Rpv. Father Heslin Was unanimously
elected ma«ter of ceremonies for the pic
nic.
Committees Have Been Named to
Make Necessary Arrangements
for the Festivities at
Schuetzen Park.
St. Patriok's Church Outing
Will Be Held on Labor
Day.
ARRANGING FOR
ANNUAL PICNIC
OF THE PARISH
ttvity. Commerce is steadily increasing
and the steamers and schooners are over
crowded with passengers and freight.
"The capitalists of Eureka are now pull
ing together and have determined to make
it a manufacturing center and they have
earned the gratitude of the entire county.
They realize that through manufactories
a county or State grows rapidly prosper
ous. A large woolen mill, which will be
equipped with the most modern machin
ery at a cost of about $150,000. is in course
of construction. 4Jarge pulp and paper
factory and a boot and shoe factory will
be built in the near future. v
"The redwood manufacturers are em
ploying every known method to extend
their business in the Far East, and will
probably send representatives to Japan
and the" Philippines and the Open ports
of China. The great drawback to Eureka,
and Humboidt County is the matter of
egress and ingress. Just think of being
out in the ocean forty-eight hours to
travel a distance of 250 miles. It consumes
almost a week to come here and return.
A place of 35.000 people ought to have oeV
ter transportation facilities. A railroad
would make it the most prosperous por
tion of the State, and from what I ob
srrved while there. I believe some East
rrn road is planning to build from Chetco
Ray Oregon, down the coast to tap the
immense timber belts of Northern Cali
fornia and Southern Oregon and connect
with or buy out the Donahue line and
have its terminus in this city. At the
present time two of the local roads are
endeavoring to secure the franchise from
the city for a terminus.
"The" Humboidt Republicans are active
and the Increase in the Republican ma
jority in the county will be considerable
over that of two years ago. J. C. Bull Jr.
will no doubt succeed himself as chair
man of the County Centra! Committee, as
he proved himself in past campaigns to
have no peer as a party organizer. A
young men's Republican club was recent
ly organized in Eureka called- the 'First
Voters,' with a membership of 125."
the craft Monday night for the benefit of
the family of the late John E. Sweeney.
The receipts!. $10 25 were handed over to
Manager Morrlsey of the Orpheurn. who
in turn handed the* money to Chief Sul
livan of the Fire Department.
A VERY pretty wedding was cele
brated last evening at the church
of the Paulist Fathers, when Ar
¦ * thur J. Brannagan and Miss Helen
M. Forde joined their hearts and hands
at the altar. The nuptial knot was tied
by the Rev. Father Otis. The bride was
attended by her sister. Miss Jeannette
Forde, as maid of honor, with Miss Ella
Cronin anrj Miss Florence Whelan -as
bridesmaids. The groom had for his best
man his brother. Richard (Brannagan, and
the ushers were Stephen V. Costello 'and
Dr. John J. Kingwell.
After the marriage ceremony the new
ly made husband and wife were given
a reception at the !atter*s residence. In
vitations had been issued to a large num
ber of friends. The honeymoon will
be spent at Lake Tahoe and Mr. and Mrs.
Brannagan will return In two weeks to
take up housekeeping In this city. The
presents received by the couple are num
erous and costly. m , .
The bride-elect is the daughter of John
and Margaret Forde and is a general fa
vorite among a large circle of friends.
She is beautiful in a marked degree, and
to a charming personality she adds the
possession of several accomplishments.
Mr. Brannagan was formerly a- promi
nent citizen of Holllster, San Benit'j
County, but left that place a short time
ago to engage in the drug business tn
this city, in which he has been very suc
cessful.
He has always been active In the affair*
of the order of Native Sons while living
in the southern part of the State, and on
his arrival in this city one year ago af
filiated himself with Pacific Parlor. N. S.
G. W.. of which ho is a valued member.
He ia also a member of the Young Men'*
Institute and holds an important office in
r>n*» nf the cnnnrils.
THE Grand Council cf the Yo-;r.g La
lies 1 Institute is still hard at work
with :-.s constitution and by the time
Its labors are cemj>'.eied the c:d con
etitution will be materially changed acl
many arr.er.dmrrits ¦will have been added.
Many \isitor« paid tbc-r respects to the
council yesterday, the greater part com
ir.g from the Interior. j Mr?. Wynne of
Portland, Or., was greeted vrith tremen
dous applause.
One of the pleasantest features of the
session yesterday was the receipt of a
charming letter from Mrs. Margaret j
D^aue. president of the Catholic Ladies' ;
AM Society, and expressing the sympathy ;
and co-operation of the members of the i
C. I* A. S. !
The mnrning: session ripened at half-past j
S and after the reading- of the minutes j
by the grand secretary of. the council !
settled down to the hard work of amend- j
tr.g- the constitution. Grand President i
Mr». Naf'e appointed Miss Mary Sul!i- j
vac. No. 22, San Jose; Mrs. Garrtn, No. 4?,
Stockton, and Miss Hilda Fleming. No.
26. Xapa. as a committee on resolutions.
Miss M. Donovan. No. 2: Mrs. Mulquee
ney. No. 44. LJvermore; Mrs. Tapples, No.
l<i. and Miss Annie Harlock. No. 33. Vic
toria. were appointed to serve on the com
mittee on questions for applicants.
A vote of thanks was tendered Major
Harney for his kind offer of the tug Gov
ernor Markham for a cruise around the
bay.
Among- the visitors at yesterday's ses
sion were: Miss Belle G. Boyle. No. 3;
Amelia Hartman, Y. L. I. No, 44, Liver
more: Mary Mullenney. No. 17, Sacramen
to; Mrs. S. Flaherty, No. 1: Miss E. M.
Crane. No. 1; Mrs. H. Mulvihill. No. 7;
Miss Bride O'Connor: Mrs. M. Kaunitz,
No. 20; Mrs. K. McHugh, No. 20; Mrs. G.
Brown. No. 20; Miss M. P. Daly.' No. 2;
Mrs. Kate Dwyer, No 1: Mrs. M. Maguire,
No. 3; Miss Elena Finn. No. 2; Mrs. D.
Curran, No. 2; Miss Anna Gill. No. 3;
Mrs. John Fogarty. No. 7: Miss Margaret
Kelley, No. 3: Mrs. D. Sullivan. No. 1;
Cora L. Fisk. No. 1; Mrs. M. Peacock, No.
1: Mrs. Delia Cunan, No. 2; Mrs. L. XV.
Whelan. No. 24; Miss A. Soto. No. 24;
Miss A. Dolan. No. 24; Mrs. \V. E. Bowes,
No. 7; Mrs. M. J. Warren. No. 1: Mrs.
Cleavrs. No. 20: Mis* Donovan. No. 1;
Mrs. Brown. No. 20; Miss Cuff. Y. L. I.
No. 2; L.yda A. Carroll, No. 1; Dr. Lynch,
No. 1.
, Last evening the delegates were the
guests of Institute No. 7 at a trolley party
followed by a banquet at the Cliff House.
MR. AND MRS. ARTHUR J. BRANNAGAN.
From telegraphic dispatches received
late last night it Is learned that Arch
bishop Rlordan^expected to leave Chicago
yesterday. He will consequently, if he
carries out this intention, reach this city
next Saturday. His Grace arrived In Chi
cago several days ago and has been ex
tensively entertained by the church dig
nitaries of that city. He returns after
an eight months' absence from America
during which he made his decennial re
port to the Propaganda at RorriB-of the
affairs in his archdiocese.
The Archbishop's private secretary, Rev.
Father Patrick Mulligan, arrived last
night from the East and went directly to
the home of his mother. He reports that
the Archbishop is in the best of health
and that he has been materially benefited
by his trip and his well-earned rest.
Archbishop Riordan left San Francisco
in October. 1S9D, with his secretary. They
were joined in Chicago by Father Daniel
J. Riordan. ,the Archblshcp's brother, of
St. Elizabeth's Church. All three sailed
from New York on the Hamburg-Ameri
can liner Augusta Victoria on November
4. «ln their absence they visited Italy,
France. Belgium. England and Ireland,
but have spent more time In Rome than
at any other place. Archbishop Riordan
had an audience with the Pope, who
evinced a deep interest when he was in
formed of the growth and progress made
in the San Francisco diocese. While in
Rome the visitors witnessed the ceremony
of the anniversary of the coronation of
the Pope, which was an impressive and
elaborate affair.
Rev. Father McQuaid journeyed over
land from Chicago, with Father Mulligan.
He went to the Philippines about ! two
years ago. heinp sent there by the Arch
bishop. He was stationed for a time at
Negros Inland. *vith a battalion of the
First California Volunteers. He also per
formed hospital service in the Philippines.
Father McQuaid had a bad malarial at
tack and was told by physicians that he
must so away or that he would die. He
then went to Europe and has since visited
in Ireland. He was in New York when the
Archbishop artived there. When Father
Mulligan was r^ariy to return to San
Francisco. Farther McQuaid decided to ac
company him. Father McQuatd's health
has much improved since he left the Phil
ippines, but he is still troubled with an
occasional reminder of his sickness
abroad.
His Private Secretary, Father Mulli
gan, Has Returned, and Reports
His Superior in Best of
Health.
His Grace Left Chicago for
Home on Last Night's
Overland.
ARCHBISHOP TO
ARRIVE IN THIS
CITY SATURDAY
JOINED HANDS AND HEARTS
AT PAULIST FATHERS' ALTAR
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE
RECEIVES CONGRATULATIONS
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JULY 12, 19OO.
SOME PROMINENT OFFI
CERS OF THE GRAND COUN
CIL.
9
a tomato can and the two others had
spikes. They pierced the bungs of the
barrels and the beer was caught in the to
mato can. They got' so drunk that they
were unable to climb the fence again anil
were arrested.
¦ ? .
NO MORE PHOTOGRAPHS OR
COUPONS WITH TOBACCO
Law Under Which They Were Pro
hibited Is Constitutional, and.
Seized Goods Are Forf eitsd.
Special Revenue Agents Thomas and
Towne, by order of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, -seized, several weeks
ago. a small quantity of cigarettes and
packages of finecut tobacco containing
photographs, lithographs, coupons for
prizes and £ther inducements and held
the goods pending the further pleasure of
the department. The agents were notified
yesterday by Commissioner Wilson that
the act of July 24. 1S97. under which the
seizures were made, had been declared
constitutional by United States District
Jude-e Jackson of West Virginia.
The penalty for a violation of the act
is a line of $1000 and the forfeiture of all
the tobacco or cigars in the factory of the
offending manufacturer.
¦ » » —
Married in the Cathedral.
Miss Agnes Matilda Ourley. daughter
of P. Curley of 220 Willow avenue, and
William J. Cummings of 911 Taylor street,
"were married In St. Mary's Cathedral last
evening'. The ceremony was performed by
Very Rev. Father Prendergast, V. G. The
bridesmaid was Miss Curley's sister. Mr.
and Mrs. Cummings will reside on Pleas
ant street.
Can think
twul i)
when >cu cat
Grape-Nuts
ttt; delicious
Brain Food
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES. .
OU» GOLD DPEDGLNO PU.MPS
¦/Da p if"*U 'Were successful at Nome laat
i\|\VJOH >" ar - A1! others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 3 SteVezscn s:.. a. f.
*
Travelers from ev*ry portion of tht
globe show th«lr appreciation of tti*
ccsiforta and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making tbeaa their
headquarters -when visiting Saa
Francisco.
Connected by m. corered pusa^way
ar.d operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plan*. :
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
UNCLE SAM'S HOLIDAY
Is yours also, when you want your holt-
day shirt front on. ami a collar that won't
detract from your pleasure when cele-
brating. Take your linen to a reliable
laundry- where the edges of your collars
and cuffs will not b« frayed and -where
the color and finish will do you proud
anywhere, such as Is always turned ou:
at the United States laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near Paw«:i.
Telephone — South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 363 12th Street.
" MY OWH SELF ACAIH."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr*. Gates 'Write* to Mrs. Plnkhsm.
Follows Hrr Ad»iee and Is 3Iade Well.
"Deak Mrs. Pdtcham :— For nearly
two and one-half years I have been in
feeble health.' Altermy little child came
it seemed I could not
get my strength
/MiSi^^t^^^^ severest pain* in
iSx^vy ;£"t~y^V^ ray limbs and top
\ \" r*^"~if|5^' almos t i n sensi-
V «li&yi^!ii Y ble at times. I
\ *"K'^£p$* ' a^ so bave a pain
iJ J ust t° t^ e rigrkt of
= 55^?5^rV*>5 i breast bone. It is
— — --fglil^SjL/ so severe at times
~JKsiiiijp8SS that I cannot lie on
'^SsSJig&ffiiL my right side. Please
, write me what you
*>^''/g3» think of my case." —
t^y/f His mbsc * laeagate9 »
Kf.iil^&i Johns P.O., Miss.,
w^ " Dear Mrs. Pctkham:—
Ihave taken Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound as advised and now
send yon a letter for publication. For
several years I was in such wretched
health that life tvas almost a burden.
I could hardly rralk across the floor.
was so feeble. Several of onr best
physicians attended me, but failed to
help. J concluded to write to you for
advice. In a lew days I received such
a kind, motherly letter. I followed your
instructions and am my 'old self
again. Was greatly benefited before I
had used one bottle. May God bless
you for what you are doinjr for suffer-
ings women." — Mr?. Clara Gates,
Johns P. O., Miss., Oct. 6, 1899.CLOSING
Atchison. 26%: Canadian Pacific. 92%: Union
Pacific preferred, 75H :: Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 73^i; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, ; 8.
Bar silver, steady, 28%d per ounce. Money,
1*4 per cent.
THE STOCK MARKET.
TO ARRIVE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and L«w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San-
Francisco Bay. Published by, official au
thority of the Suoerlntendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. JULY 12.
Sun rises 4:57
Sun sets 7:33
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in th*> left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to tlmw. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Ccast Survey charts. except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then tht number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, July 11.— The bull manlpula- |
tlon In Union Pacific turned the market from
a reactionary course to-day and made the tone
during the latter part of the session of the
Stock Exchange'ctrong throughout. The later
strength was not sufficient In all cases to en
tirely wipe out the earlier losses, but they
vrers in all cases much reduced. There were
tin>es during the day when Union Pacific was
practically the only stock which Mood firm
against the tide of reaction. The support of
the stock was very determined and the absorp
tion very confident and on an enormous scale.
There was no special news to explain the
niovmenl aside from the general conditions In
its territory and its finances. No suggestion I
ha* been offered that the dividend raters like- '
ly to be increased over that at one-half per cent I
decline for the last cemi-annual i»eriod. The
Government crop report was an important in
fluence in the stock market all day. An effort
was made to ignore Its significance In the
early dealings on the ground that the weather !
burpau's weekly summary, reporting abundant |
ralr.s in the West, must be accepted as modi
fying the conclusions of the Government
monthly report, as it covered a period a week
later than the latter. But when trading be
gan on the Produce Exchange the jump In
Wheat there nullified this argument. St. Paul's
heavy decrease In earnings for the first week
in July added to the weakness in the granger
group and there were sharp declines in all
the principal members of the group. The
corn cirrying roads were relatively firm and
the bears who have sold short In the South
western» on the cotton crop prospects were
driven to cover. With this exception and pome
strength in the local traction group and In
Sugar and Tobacco, the market became gen
erally heavy, but the persistent strength of
Union Pacific finally encouraged a growing bull
following, which manifested itself first in Rock
Island and then developed In Southern Pacific
and then In Missouri pacific. In spite of the
continued strength In the Wheat market and
the gharp advance in the price of corn, the
market continued pretty steadily upward from
that time until profit taking by room traders
In the closing dealings caused the Irregular
tone with which the market closed. The ex
treme advance in Union Pacific was 3%c. Rock
Island Is up 1% and Missouri Pacific and
Southern Pacific a large fraction. Otherwise
the net changes In the leading railroads are
small. Ft. Paul lost a point net. The decision
of International houses not to ship gold on
to-morrow's eteamer had some favorable ef
fect.
The - market for bonds continues very dull
and changes were Irregular. Total sales, par
value. J1.155.G0O.
U. S. 3s coupon and the Cs advanced in the
bid price.
-NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
S.SOO Atchison .' 28%
32.524 Atchison prefd 7OVs
5,2<X> Baltimore & Ohio 74
....... Canadian Pacific 83>4
7M Canada Southern 40*i
5.GS Chesapeake & Ohio 26»i
Sim Chicago Great Western : 11
11.470 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy l"5»i
POO Chicago Ind & Louis f 22»j.
200 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd Dl
Chicago & East Illinois 95
&>0 Chicago & Northwestern ..1»9%
16.035 "Chicago Rock Island .& Pacific ..:0S»4
950 C C C & Ft I»uls 59
£00 Colorado Southern ......y... 6V4
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41V4
100 Colorado Southern 2nd crefd 16>4
190" Delaware & Hudson 11114
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. . 176 •
Via Denver & Rio Grande..... is'"'
610 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 65%
Erie U
Erie Ut prefd SVA
500 Great Northern prerd 15t
?00 Hocking Coal 14
ISO Hocking Valley ;..... 35
4.235 Illinois Central ........117£
Sun, Moon and Tide.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales) of California fruit: Pears — Bartletts. $1 60
2 20 a box. Peaches — Crawfords. 75c®Jl 25 a
box; Hale's Early, 50@90c; St. John's. 65c@
Jl 20 a box. Plums— Burbanks, 60c(gJl 25, single
crate; California Red. Jl 05@l 10; Peach, 45@65c;
Patsuma. 70<g85c; Washington. 80c<S$l; Wick
son, Jl 30@l 85. Prunes— Simoni. 63@9oc, single
crate; Tragedy, 50@95c. Fifteen cars of fruit
sold.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears — Bartletts. $1 40
2 70 a box. Peaches— Imperials, 50@85c a box;
St. John',s, 45@85c a box. Plums— Burbanks,
SOcQJl 10, single crate; Peach. 35cQ$l 15, single
crate; Purple Duane, GOciSJl 60, single crate;
Ogon. D0@85c; Satsuma. 4(X&70c. Prunes—Slmo
ni, 15f?S0c, single crate; Tragedy, 55<J£SOc. Nine
teen cars fruit sold.
PITTSBURG, July ll.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day were as follows: Peaches — Early Crawfords
boxes, 90c©$l 05, average $1; St. Johns, boxes,
S5fc!>0c, average 87c; crates, 95c@Jl 25, average
$1 09. Plums— Burbanks, single crates, S5c@
$1 05, average 93c: California Red. single crates,
?1 55<51 65, average Jl 60; Ogon, single crates, 95c
©$1. average 96c; Satsuma, single crates, aver
age 80c. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, 85®
90c, average 82'ic Weather favorable. One
car sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned California fruit to-day and
realized the following prices: Peaches — Hale's
Early, boxes, 40(g'45c, average 41c; St. Johns,
boxes, oO<7T60c, average G8c. Plums— Burbanks,
single crates, $120(3130. average J127; Peach,
single crates, 90c<S$l 10, average $170; Purple
Duane, single crates, $1 10@l 15. average tl 12.
Prunes — Simoni, single crates, average 70c;
Tragedy, single crates, 90c(j?$l 10, average Jl 07.
Five cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
BOSTON*. July 11.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and real
ized the following prices: Pears — Bartletts,
boxes, 75c(S$l SO, average Jl 30. Peaches— Hale's
Early, boxes, 40c@$l, average 69c. Plums—Bur
banks, single crates, 20c!SJl 25, average CSc.
Prunes — Tragedy, single crates, 45@70c, average
64c. Twelve cars sold to-day. -
MONTREAL, Quebec, July \ 11.— The Earl
Fmlt Company realized the following prices for
California fruit sold at. auction to-day: Plums
—Peach, single crates. 60c@Jl 25, average $1 06;
Purple Duane, single crates.: average $1 25.
Prunes — Simonl. ' ?ingle" crates. average 87c,
Tragedy, single crates,- 65c@|l, average 87c. On«
car sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July H.-CATTLE— Receipts, 18.
£60; good light steers Ec* \o 10c lower; others
10c to 15c; lower; Texans about 10c lower;
butchers* ctock steady: ,- first , carload Western
rangers this season brought $3 25: Natives-
Best on sale, two carloads -at fa 65, and- ten
head at ' $3 75; good to , prime steers, $5@3 75;
poor to medium. $4 45@5; «»lected • feeders. 10c
lower - at 14514 65; mixed stockers, 10c to 20c
lower at $2 60^3 75; .cows, steady.' strong for
fancy at $3® 4 75; heifers, firm, J3@5 10; canners,
slow, $2©2 75; bulls, about steady. $2 50@4 50;
calves, steady, $4 E0®6 60. — Receipts.
'600; best on sale, seven, cars at ?4 80; Texaa fed
steers. J4 25®5 10; Texas grass steers,. 33 60®
4 15; Texas bulls, steady, J2 SOS'S 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 33,000: to-morrow. 25.000. es
"tlmated:^ left over. 5000; lOtfiloc lower; top.
*5 42H: mixed and ;¦ butchers. J5 10®5 40; good
to choice heavy, . to 13«?>5 40; • rough heavy, $5®
5 10; light, - $5 1505 42',* ; bulk j of sales, - $0 25fg/
5 35. ,v- , " ;• ¦ ..." ¦ ¦ ¦ : ¦ .
SHEEP— Receipts,' 18,000; sheep and lambs,
slow to 10c lower, except for best lambs; good
to choice wethers, $4 10®4 50; fair to choice
mixed. $3@4 10; Western sheep and yearlings,
$3 6&r<74 60: Texas sheep, $3 15© 4; native lambs,
J4 40^6 85; Western lambs, J5@6 23.
Boston .Wool Market.
BOSTON. July 11— The American , Wool , and
Cotton Reporter cays: , The ' wool ' market con
tinues dull ' and weak. "-.". Prices ; have experienced
a'further decline In some lines, as a result of
the : very unfavorable • opening , of. the London
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— > July. Sept.
Opening ¦ 6 4\i
Closing , 6 414
PARIS.
Wheat— . July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 55 21 65
Closing 20 60 2165
Flour-
Opening 27 33 £3 55
Closing 27 40 28 50
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 S4V4
Sterling Exchange, sixty days...* — 4 87
Sterling. Cables — 4 8s
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchance, telegraphic — 12'4
Fine Silver, per ounce..'. — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4SJi —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Chicago opened higher at 82c. de
clined to 81%c. recovered to 83c and fell back
to S2%c. ,.,...
Liverpool was firmer and Paris lower.
Chicago reported a go<jd shipping and specu
lative demand, with 175,000 bushels taken' for
shipment. The Government reports Indicate a
yield of 473,000.000 bushels, which operators
think Justifies "dollar wheat." t The Southwest
ern movement and threshing a»e both disap
pointing. The Corn report is bearish, but it Is
claimed that damage has been done since the
country reports were sent In. Tuesday's rain
amounted to nothing west of the Missouri
River. Topeka reported showers and cool rains
In the east and south, but nothing In the north.
St. Louis and Kansas City both reported a
good spot demand. There were IGj loads taken
for export at the seaboard. Selling seemed
about exhausted, and the feeling became
firmer, but the Northwestern markets did
not follow the Chicago advance.
Local futures advanced 2c. and spot quota
tions were also a fraction higher.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, U07H@l 08%; milling.
|1 10@l 12%-
Informal SerMon-r-9:15 o'clock— December—
30.0QO ctls. U17%: 16,000, $117%; 20.000, Jl 13;
22,000. tl 18%.
Second Session — December — 10,000 ctls, $1 1S^4;
2000. W ISM-
Regular Morning Session— 26,000 ctls, Jl 1SV.
10.C00. IllSU.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, Jl IS;
40(0. $1 17T»; 4000. Jl 17%.
BARLEY — The market was firmer In sym
pathy with wheat and futures advanced
slightly.
Feed, 70(??72^c for No. 1 and 65@ 67%c for off
grades; Brewlrg and shipping grades, 75®S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— 4000 ctls, 75%c.
Second Session— No ' sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 8000 ctls.
75c: 6000. 75?4c. Seller, 1900. new crop — 2000, 73c.
Afternoon Session — December — 14,*00 ctls,
75"6c.
OATS— A steady demand for Government ac
count keeps the market stiff, and cuts down
stocks, which are now limited. There is no fur
ther advance, however.
White. Jl 10®l 30; Surprise. $1 27tf®l 35; Red.
$1 07%® 1 20; Gray. Jl 10&1 15; Black. $1 02HS1 10
per ctl.
CORK — The market Is dull and unchanged,
with ample offerings. Kastern large Yellow.
$1 1<V>@1 20 per ctl; Eastern White, Jl 17%© 1 20
per ctl; Mixed. $1 15@1 17V4
RYE— 92^@95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. !3 60(g3 73.
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75Q3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and J3 1503 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, J4 75@
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Grahim
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour. |7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, {3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 5M3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4(54 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50: Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 15; Rolled Oats (barrels). i6i{?
7 25. in sacks. 15 75®7; Pearl Barley, *>; Split
Peas, |5; Green Peas, f5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Grain Hay rules firm at the advance, with a
good demand. Volunteer still shows no Im
provement.
Feedstufts are unchanged.
BRAN— $12 50®13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— fl7(S20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing. $27 50
fliS; Cocoanut Cake, $20S?21: Corn Meal, J24 50;
Cracked Corn. *25: Mixed Feed. »14.
HAY — Wheat. $S@10 for common to good. $11
for choice; Wheat and Oat. JS@10; Oat. $7@3:
Alfalfa, $5®7 B0 per ton.
NEW HAT— Volunteer, $4 5006 50; Wheat.
$7 50®10: Wheat and Oat. J7 501J9 50: Oat. J6 50
(SS 50; Clover. |4 5O®6; Alfalfa. $5@7: Barley.
?6(3'7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25S37>£c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new to report. Business Is
dull. "
BEAXS— Bayos, $2 S5®3: Small White. « 25©
3 40; large White. *2 75@2 90; Pink. $2 50@2 90;
Red, $2 50^3; Blackeye, $2 50@3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 3<X§5 40; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys, |4@4 60. V
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 90(32 20: Canary. 3Vic per
Ib, for California and 4c for Kastern: Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4®4V4c; Timo
thy, 4@4Hc. ,
DRIED— PEAS-Niles, J2 23S2 £0; Green, $2 23
C2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are. lower and Potatoes are rather
easier. Tomatoes continue weak. Otherwise
there Is. nothing new.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. CO^'Oc: • New
Early Rose, 30@40c; New Burbanks. 35@75c per
OXIONS- New- Red, C0®63c; Tellow, 9Oc®Jl
per ctl. x ¦ .- .
VEGETABLES— Green -Corn, E0c@$l 25 per
pack; 75c® $1 per crate for Berkeley and J1®1 50
for Alameda; Asparagus/ 73c@$3 . per box;
Greeij I'eas, 2®2%c per Ib; String Beans. IViM
3c: Limas. 5c: Cabbage. 40<B 50c: Tomatoes,.;;
®50c; Rivers, $1@1 50; Egg Plant, DOc§|l 23 per
box; Oreen Okra, 10c: Green Peppers, *33c(J7Sl per
box for Chill and 50c!S$l for Bell: Dried Pep
pers. 8@10c: Carrots. 25^35c per sack: Summer
Squash, 50@60c for Alameda; Cucumbers, 2oQ
60c for Alameda; Garlic." 2@3c per lb. .
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern came In. The market was
dull and featureless.
' POULTRY— Live ,- Turkeys. 9@10c , for Gob
blers and 10®llc for Hens; Geese, per pair. Jljf
1 25: Goslings.' $1 25@1 60; - Ducks. $3®4 . for
old and $3 5005 for young;, Hens, WSi: young
Boosters, $4 50®6; old Roosters, ?3 WQi; ¦ Fry-
LOCAL MARKETS.
Charters.
The Charles F. Crocker lcaCs lumber at
lla«;r.ss Mills for Sydney. £2s 6d. The Fingal
loads wheat for Europe. 36s 3d. prior to arrival.
Th<- Marechai Davout, wheat for Europe, 32a 6d,
prior to arrival.
Specie From Mexico.
Irr.ports of Mexican sr^cle at this port during
the first half cf 1KK> craaunted to %3. 484.060.
against fl.0?S.6CS for the same time in 1S?9 as
follows: Silver dollars, 12.445.081; silver bul
lion. C;>73,f;i; guld bullion, J165.22S.
Coin Certificates.
Government coin certificates In circulation
June SO were as follows:
1899. 1900.
Gold J32.f£6,263 I20fl.555.4C9
Silver (01.S69.S43 4riS,4;<9,347
i!2.6Cto.7l i 2
75.247.4J7
Treasury
T-vtal J.:7,131.404 J6S4, 302.313
r>urir.g- the month of June there was a n^t
decrease of J3,5«>,0Q0 in roM certificates and
atcut i'.iOi .•:•$ in treafun- notes.
The National Cashbox.
The 5tatemer.t cf rash in the Vnited States
Treasury for June 1 is classified as follows:
Itesf-rve fund— • ,. ~ #
GoH coin? and bars $K.?,000.0»>0 00
Trust fund-
Gold coin 227,799.179 00
eilvrr dollar* 4 16. CIS. 000 00
i-:ilv«-r dollars of isif© 6.1-tf.l«3 <«
Mlver bars of 1S90 69.S73.S37 CO
I'nited States notes S^Oj.O'.'O W
General fund —
Gold coin and bars 43.3i:..474 52
«>old certificates 27,241,710 00
Silver ctrtiticates 7.5I5,C'.3 00
Silver dollars M73,r>76 00
BUwr bullion 141.SSS 36
fnited Slate? notes 26.361.902 01
Ti»afurj' notes of. 1S90 779.503 09
rCaiional Nanki notes 9.478.^52 32
Fractional silver coin 6,CG»J.!<T* 55
Fractional currency jj| j>
Bliaar <'oin 44fl,i»j3 45
Miscellaneous 16.945 42
National bank <Jer»ositories —
Credit Treasurer I*. S 95.SS2.502 77
Credit U. S. Pisb. Officers 5.997.01S 13
Total Jl.105.496,490 23
During the month of June there was a loss
of J2,«io.000 In gold and an increase in all kinds
cf i;af>er money. About HO.OOO.OuO of the pub
lic money in national bank? was called in to
take up the old 4' 2 per cent bonds extended at
£ per ct-nt. of which $2LS79.850 remained out
ttanding on the j<a of July.
Produce Exchange Election Ticket.
The nominating committee of the Produce
nxrhange has submitted the following regular
ticket for the annual election of the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange July 17: For direct
ors — G. IV. McXear, 1 resident ; L. Kauffman.
vice presider.t : H. F. Allen, treasurer; H. Sh?r
wood. E. Oauthier Jr. K. W. Ferguson. E. E.
Kahn, E. A. BretM and J. E. de Ruyter; for
appeals comrr.iitee — Maurice Casey, J. J. Moore,
H.-nrj- Sinsheiraer. H. A. Mayhew and J. M.
Vettigrew. L. Kauffn-.an has withdrawn his
name as a candidate for director and vice presi
dent.
Merchandise for Australia.
The steamer Moana sailed yesterday for Aus
tralia with a cargo of general merchandise
ir.snifestp-l as follows:
For Australia. $3^.753; for New Zealand,
J32.J9.-;; for South t^fa Islands. {4S42; total value.
Am.ir.^ thr principal shipments were includ
ed the lo'.lowinr:
For Australia— 1127 pkgp dried fruit. 1G pkgs
dry goodf.-. SB rtllla leather. 2>48 cs canned
j.-O'xii*, 27 is confectionery. 43 cs oil. 30.COO Ibg
njillnuRs, W cr jUowf, 2? cs drugs, 409 cs
hardware. 10 rolls paper. 1C bb!« glassware. 16')
1 kg? tlmlier. :.O lixt- gr«*pn' fruit. 27.»64 lbs coffee.
SW »>xe oodfish. * os spool silk. 7S pkgs mining
inachiwrs. 7 engines. 1723 lbs hopp. 17!>2 ctls
licrlcy, ..; j,kpg evaporated apples, 23.C54 feet
lumber. V.< <y\% ammonia. 20 cs ammunition. 2.".
pfcrt ironware. ZU of liquor, 2a6 pkgs gn.«'eriee
and pfwvtatom. 2.V1O lb* rice. 3 cs Jewelry. 5
mantels. . 1; < * rubber goodf.
Kor New Z*p|ar.d -i2 cr battled beer. 13 cs
dry . g'xxjs. IS cr bicycles and tunJr'.es. 3
1 kps machinery. 11 cs confectioner}'. 12 *k»
lifans. UC <-s csnr.ej palmon. C23 pkes drW
?ruit. 6<> c»- oil. £0 kf>Es white lead. Z'/O bxs
fruit, f.vj cs caxined poods. « mcuUhJors. Id cs
liquors. 3!. cb paint. ; c* drugs. 4 engines, 15
C4> Bhotf. 2? I'kgs mining machinery, K% cs
*var^rat«-d fruit. IS bdle broom corn, 25 cs
raisins. 24 pkgs molding. 5 cs rolled oat*. 3 pkg^
artificial lirob*; in ir*Ji5it. 64 cs 'Irngs, value
jirrs. O
FY-r South f>a If'.andy— K> gals wine, COO lbs
tugar. 341 ce car.npfl poVls, 4 cyls ammonia, 4
rs dry goodti. ZZ tki< potatoes. 11 cr onions. 14
lixs fruit. 12 tins ]0.3<<0 lbs bread. 5 Mils 20S» cs
faltr.nn. 70 bbls flour. SI rkgs groceries and
j'T-ovisions. fc or hardware. N o* coel o!l. R os
lamp g.TxJg. 4 sks bran, h bbls rye flour. IS bb!s
wheat Hour. 4 pkgs paste, S ca cheese.
r- -a s- \ \ • ' r- 1 '"'? '¦¦
Fruit Contracts in England.
T/or.dca Grocers' CJczett*. June 23, Eays:
"There la nothing fres-h to report regarding
<5ealir.»rs In Oallfcmi.i fruits. An imixirtant
m«vt)nfr. under the auKpices of the Preserved
Tood F.wiSon of the Iymdon Chamber of Com
mprop, was hfM en Tuesday !a?t to consider a
circular lssuod by the CaHforr.ia Fruit Pack
ers' Association. There was .a. good attendance
of Lundon and I^iverj^ool canned goods deal
ers. Packers had l>e*-n requf-uied to make al
lowance in full for blown and leaking tins.
This rerjueFt was granted, but at the same
time certain terms cf contract were sought
to t>e imj*o***<i which were <lo*?m^<I unsatisfac
tory. The f<nra of contract issued by . the
packers was considered grossly unfair to the
brills!) trade, the principal objection, it Is
Hated, being raised to the condition which
*et forth that "No allowance exeej.t for blown
ejrti leaking tine. l>ut for these full invoice
prices will be allowed, and the quantity net
tled on the result of an examination at th~
destination, befcre delivery, of not less than
10 l»er cent of the entire, parcel for average,
each ehipment or tender to be settled sepa
rately. In case the amount of claim arising
tram blown and leaking tins exceeds 1 per
cent cf the Invoice value, sellers ehall be noti
fied immediately by cable.' A eub-eommittee
vru appointed to deal with the matter and has
tince ir!-ue<i an amended form of contract for
rubmtsKlon to the Canners' Association, the
l>rir.cinal demand being allowances for badly
rvirted and collapsed tins, in addition {'to the
allowance offered hr the packers, while an
alteration In the terms Is alaso required. From
firtt hands lius-lnefF in Salmon If limited, but
the market remains firm. For the l&Ou pack
trfir.E?.rtl(»ns are also not numerous, but the
inactivity at this department is mainly due to
the ur.willingn^sB of r.ackers to sell."
Railroads, li' heat and Cotton.
The TCpw York circular of nenry Clsws says:
"The railroad situation is excellent. The vari
ous systems continue to report large earnings,
exceeding even the extraordinary gains of the
lart two- yearn. It is well to remember, however,
that operating expenses have also Increased
very rapidly, often in greater proportion than
(Toss earning?; hence lt would be folly to an
ticipate any further Increase In dividends.
Railroad managers are fully conscious of this
eltuation. and their conservatism In refusing
to increase dividends during a period of alto
gether exceptional prosperity will no •• doubt
prove their wisdom later oa. At the moment
tl>«rt is a stroftg bullish sc-uttaoat in the
"street." which seems amply Justified by home
conditions. Prices of the leading speculative
railroad issues had declined fully 10 to 12
points below the best figures of 19<X> and 1S99;
and the leading industrials have scored still
larger decline.", many now celling considerably
below the Issue point. With good preferred 4
per cent railroad shares rell'.ng under 75, and
many of the best preferred Industrials selling
on an J.G9 per cent basis, while time money
Is plentiful at 3^4 p*r cent, it Is not likely
that such an opportunity for a bull movement
will be readily overlooked. It Is evident that
very little stimulus Is necessary for the In
auguration of a fresh bull campaign. The
chief drawbacks are the Chinese situation and
the approach of the elections. Of the two the
former is the more serious. Confidence Is the
watchword for the future, but lt should be
mixed with a liberal allowance of caution.
"The adoption at the Kansas City convention
of the 16 to 1 silver plank, indicating the rati
fication of the entire Chicago platform. Is
Flmrly inflicting bari-karl ui>on their Presi
dential nominee. The people of this country
are not going to vote from a feeling of desper
ation, as they did when they voted for that
platform at the last Presidential election.
Wheat was then f.4 cents a bushel— now .It Is
M cents. Cotton was then 6's> cents a pound
now lt Is 10 cents. These prices have made
the people of the West and South prosperous
and contented, therefore their frame of mind
is vastly different than : when foreclosure of
their property stared them in the face. Now
that these people have had a taste of pros
perity they want it continued, and that means
that they want no violent change in govern
mental policy."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 11.— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62,Red Bluff 9S
Mount Tamalpais 83]Sacramento 94
Independence 10!);San Luis Oblspo.... 92
Fresno '. 106 San Diego 76
Los Anc^les 92
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
67; minimum, Z2i mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. An area
of hleh pressure ovf-rlleg Oregon and Southern
Washington. An area of low pressure extends
from Southeastern California northward to the
Canadian frontier. The temperature has fallen
rapidly over Washington, Idaho and Northern
Oregon. It has risen slowly over Southern Cal
ifornia. In the great valleys of California and
throughout Southern California the tempera
tures are from 5 to 10 degrees above the nor
mal. Temperatures exceeding 1J0 degrees are
reported In Arizona.
Rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast from
the mouth of the Columbia River northward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eurrka, 26 miles per hour from the
northwest: Wlnnemucca, 32 from the south
west; San Francisco. 26 miles from the west;
El Paso. 20 miles from the east.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midniRht. July 12. 19O0:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday In the
northern portion: fair in the southern portion;
brisk northerly \vlnds in the Interior; westerly
winds on the coast with fog.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; con
tinued warm weather.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; cooler In the ex
treme northern rxsrtion.
Utah — Cloudy; cooler Thursday.
Arizona — Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
brisk westerly winds with foe.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Wheat started strong.
September 1%<31%c higher at 81%@82c. The
Government crop report for July, which re
duced th'e Wheat prospect about a hundred
million bushels from, that of June, furnished
ammunition for the bulls. There was liberal
selling on the bulge, however, on the .belief
that the crop In the Northwest had been great
ly benefited by recent rains. Bearish harvest
nows from Russia also hampered the advance
somewhat and September slipped off to 81V4J?
81%c. • The early sellers were soon boiled out
and offerings became scarce. Then shorts rush
ed to cover and there was considerable buy-
Ing for the long account. Under this move
ment September rcse steadily to 83c. There
were several soft spots on profit taking, but
the market ruled strong throughout aud Sep
tember closed at E2?i©S2%c.
Corn showed decided strength, being helped
by the advance in Wheat and claims of dam
age by drought. September closed with a
gain of l%c.
Oats rallied with the other cereals and closed
strong, September lc over yesterday.
Lower prices at the yards and unexpected
heavy receipts of Hogs depressed Provisions
early. The market rallied later when the grain
list turned so strong. Packers bought heav
ily. September Pork closed 12%c higher. Lard
5c advance and ribs 7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. i2 —
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
July 80% 81% 79% 80%
August 81 82 SO*) SIVi
September 82 .83 SUi 82 to
Corn No. 2 —
July 43% 44 42-Jg 43%
August 43H 44% 43U 44H
September 43% 44% 43^ 44%
Oats No. 2—
July 24 24 23% 24
August 24\i 24% 23% 24H
September M^j 21% 24U 2»%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 55
September 12 60 12 75 12 50 12 70
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 6 S2VJ
September 6 83 6 97H 6 85' 6.92',
October 6 S7>4 6 97% 6 95 6 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 02^4 7 05 7 02% 7 05
September 6 90 7 05 6 90 7 05
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, SOc; No. 3. 75iS78c;
No. 2 red. S3V4c; No. 2 corn. 44c,; No. 2 yellow.
44Hc; No. 2 oats. 24i£(jj-24»ic; No. 2 white. 27c;
No. 3 white, 264© 27c; No. 2 rye. 57Msc; good
feeding barley, JSW42c; choice malting, 41ft 46c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 80; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO;
prime timothy seed, $3 10<£?3 15; mess pork, per
barrel. $12 .'•."/<( 12 60; lard, por 100 pounds, $6 %2^
(fji! S5; short ribs sides (loose). $6 &0Q7 20; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6%«57c; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 50@7 60; whisky, basis high
wines, tl 23; clover, contract crade, $8.
Articles^ — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 4.*»,C00 24,000
Corn, bushels 469,000 369,0<i0
Oats, bushels 30R.O0O 194.000
Rye, bushels 2.000
Barley, bushels 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@19c; dairy 14
tfj"17c; ecRS. firm; fresh, lOVic; cheese, steady;
creams. 9H@"10Vic.
Silver a fraction ivcakcr. ExcJiange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley advance again. Oats firm.
Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Hay Z'crv /zn» at the advance. Feedstuff s wichcngc:!.
' ' '--•*j--
Nothitig doing in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes steady. Onions easy again.
Vegetables plentiful and dull.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Peaches, Apricots and Plums dull and weak.
Apples firm and in good demand.
Prune crop estimates materially reduced by hot weather.
Lemons and Limes firm and pointing upward.
Nothing nrj: in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides dull and unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Increased imports of specie from Mexico.
400 Iowa Central if
125 Iowa Central prefd 47
' SOO Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 16&
Lake Erie & Western 26
•100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 93
Lake Shore '. 209
5.S20 Louisville & Nashville 74V
2.3.0 Manhattan L 88%
2.075 Metropolitan St Ky 131%
1,000 Mexican Central 12%
SOO Minneapolis A: St. Louis.... .. . 54y.
ICO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91 "
16..00 Missouri Pacific 52U
2C0 Mobile & Ohio 36H
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10.
2. 1C0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 32'4
S15 New Jersey Central 12S>£
2.583 New York Central 129i«
11,200 Norfolk & Western 33%
Norfolk & Western prefd 77
17,415 Northern Pacific ex-div ."0%
1.S16 Northern 'Pacific prefd "Hi
220 Ontario & Western 19^
Orpgon Railway A Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
2.800 Pennsylvania 12S
Reading 1714'
2,390 Reading 1st prefd 60^
Reading 2nd prefd 29
Rio Grande Western 09^4
Rio Grande Western prefd 87
St Louis & San Francisco 9^4
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 65>£
St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 32^i
1.800 St Louis Southwestern 1014
4.4S5 St Louis Southwestern prefd 25?i,
1S.300 St Paul lllii
St Paul prefd ...;170i4
14,630 St Paul & Omaha 110
1.250 Southern Pacific 33
900 Southern Railway 11»£
550 Southern Railway prefd 52U
72.3S5 Texas & Pacific 14i^
6.6SS Union Pacific C3H
Union Pacific prefd 74»4
1.120 Wabash 6?i
170 Wabnph prefd 1S%
1.000 Wheeling &.L E S»i
....... Wheeling ft L E 2nd prefd ¦. 23^
...... Wlcons'.n Central 14
Express Companies —
Adams 11G
...'.... American 153
.;..... United States 46
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
310 American Cotton Oil 3<Vi
Amerlcon Cotton Oil prefd 88
American Malting 3
American Malting prefd IS
20,510 American Smelting & Ref 37
American Smelting & Ref prefd 87V4
800 American Spirits : 1
300 American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 20U
American Steel Hoop prefd CS
3,970 American Steel & Wire 33»g
110 American Steel & Wire prefd 72Vj
310 American Tin Plate 20>i
110 American Tin Plnet prefd 74'-i
11. 7S0 American Tobacco P3U
American Tobacco prefd 125
S10 Anaconda Mining Co .,. 4OV4
14.395 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 54
SOO Colorado Fuel & Iron 33%
3,353 Continental Tobacco 25i;
700 Continental Tobacco prefd 7S*i
2,90") Federal Steel 33H
810 Federal Steel prefd 66&
465 General Electric 131
1,290 Glucose Sugar 33tj
Glucose Sugar prefd 9914
." International Paper 22>,i
6€0 International Paper prefd 64'£
150 I^aclede Gas 7513
National Biscuit 2S»4
'.. National Biscuit prefd 82
National Lead 18>-J
National Lead prefd 93*i
730 National Steel 24}g
National Steel prefd 84
New York Air Brake 130
500 North American 15a;
100 Pacific Coast 12%
'•¦ Pacific Coast 1st prerd hi'
Pacific Coast 2a prefd 62
700 Pacific Mail 2C»i
3.7S5 People's Gas , 891,
600 Pressed Steel Car 431:
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 71
200 Pullman Palace Car isi
170 Standard Rope & Twine .; 5*4
27.990 Sugar nsu
510 Sugar prefd j ngi"
2,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69* H
500 United States Leather f.%
400 United States Leather prefd '. esii
United States Rubber 23>,i
265 United States Rubber prefd &3U
&00 Western Union so%
300 Republic Iron & Steel Co 12
600 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 5fii<
P C C & St Louis i 59"*
Third Avenue imi;
374,800 Shares sold. *
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s ref reg. M K & T 2ds S9»i
when issued 103 Do 4s 89%
Do coup 103 X Y Cent lsts....lOS
Do 2s res 100 N J Cent gen 5s. .122
Do 3s reg 1QSV4 N P 3s... 65T4
Do 3s coup 109H Do 4s 104*6
Do new 4s r«»«r...l32*., N Y C & H L 4S.10SM
Do new 4s coui>.133^ Nor &-W con 4s. 97
Do old 4s rejr ,.114'A Or Nav lsts ......107
Do old 4s coup..ll4Vi Do 4s 10Z
Do 5s resr 113»9 O S Line 6s 127^4
Do 5s coup 1135i Do con 5s 112
Dist of Col 3.65s. 123 Reading Gen 4s.. SS
Atchison gen 4s....l01H R G W lsts. 98'i
Do adjt 4s 83V4 SL4IM con os.lw
Canada So 2ds 107»i S L & S F Gen 6s 121
C & O 4'4s 99% st Paul con ......166
Do Ss iie^ s P C & P 3sts....ll6VS
C & N con 7s 140'i Do 5s 113
Do S F deb as. ...120 S P 4s 7914
Chicago Term 4s.. 93U So Ry 5s 10SU
Colo So 4s S4»i Standard R & T 6s 71
D & n G lsts .102 Tex &¦ Pan lsts 111U
Do 4s 97»i Do 2ds 55
Erie Gen 4s 63 U P 4s ....105>i
Ft W & D C lsts 70 Wabash lsts 115%
Gen Elec 5s 115 Do 2d s 102
Iowa Ont lsts ..H2',i West Shore 4s 112
K C P & G lsts.... 72 Wis Cent lsts 87
L & N Unl 4s.... 57»i Va Centuries 80
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lalOntarlo 6 75
Crown Point MjOphir 64
Con Cal & Va 1 40iPlymouth 10
Deadwood • 40 1 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry.... 20! Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 25'SlerraiNevada .... 24
Homestake 50 00'Stand*d 3 95
Iron Silver 50 ; Union Con 17
Mexican 15 'Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber J3
Call loans 2Va<33<4 Union Pacific E5%
Time loans 3Vi<34Vi West End .... 93
Stocks— Westingh Elec 44V4
A T & St Fe 26V4 Bonds-
Do prefd "OH Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 118->4 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 116V4 Adventure 2^
Amer Tel 145 Allouez Mln Co... 1
Boston & Albany. 250 Amal Copper .. 85%
Boston L 139^ Atlantic ........... 22
Chi Bur & Q 126 Boston & Mont. ...299
Dominion Coal 3S Uutte & Boston... 63
Fed Steel 33*i Calumeft IIecIa..72S
Do rrefd 66>.i Franklin 12<4
Fltchburg prefd. ..137% Osceola 64\i
Gen Elec 131 Parrot 40};
Do prefd ...13$ Qulncy 138
Mexican Cent 12«£ Santa Fe Copper... 4>4
Mich Tel 87H Tamarack 1S8
N E Ga« & Coke. 16% Utah Mining ZG'/fc
Old Colony 202 Wlnona ............ 2}i
Old Dominion .... 19 (Wolverines 37
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. July ll.-Money on call easy
at l%01»i per cent: last loan,' 1*4- per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 3»i@4V4 per cent. Sterl
ing exchange steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 86^ for demand and at
$4 84 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S5@4 87^;
commercial bills, $4 83%O4 S3V4. • Silver cer
tificates. Cl%<fr62e. Bar silver. 61c. Mexican
dollars. 4ST4c. Government bonds, strong; State
bonds, easy; rallrcad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury,
¦WASHINGTON, July 11.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. {149.23u,971; gold, $70,800,181.
London Market.
NEW YORK, July 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram aays:
The markets here were not very animated to
day, but the tone of most of them was firm,
the foreign news being. Interpreted favorably.
New York at first somewhat dampened the
hopeful tendency In the American department
here, but later encouraging . cables * came
strengthening prices. The Bank of England
Bold £22^.000 gold in French coin.
LONDON, July 11.— Consuls. 90%: Silver
2S 7-lSd; French rentes. 99f 97%c. Wheat car
icoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
Walla Walla, 30s 3d; English country markets,
steady.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Miiurlrrly dividend at the rate of • P*r cent
w»r .innum, payable Immediately. •
Th« California Htrert Cab!* Company paid a
dividend of l<* per nhare yesterday.
Th« Ala»ka Pa'-kem Association will pay a
¦1IM.I. t».| nf 73c to-«lny. _
Th- California Hafe Deposit and Trust Com
pany ha> declared the u*ual quarter y .mi
demJ of {l to per ehare, payable immediately.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, July 11—2 P- m.
Id, I y\gi{ 1 Bid. Ask.
V B Donds- 'iEault O I. Co. 3% 4
4» nuar coui>..H4U1I3 'Mutual El Co. — 11 a
4» d<. rfg U4&1U |O O L * 11... 49 aO
** rt.i «•!> new..l3a%U4'/i: 1'ac Gas Imp. 4< «
1* <iuar eoapAlttfcUO Par L Co H^tt,.
Mwcellane«u»— IS F O & E.... 43 43!»
Cal-«t Cab 5a. .II114 — "JSun Francisco. 4% ft
t" C Water Gm. — 10S Stkll G & E Co ICi —
K'l L & l> «»..l^ij _ 1 Insurance—
K&ClRy6*.. — IIS JFIrem's Fund.223 —
tleary-st n 5m. — W ! Hank Stocks—
II C & S 5>i». — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. M —
Do :« _ _ iliank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 5s — lOOVii'al S D & T..103 —
I' A Lt Co 6a. — — ! First National — 230
Do cntd 6s.. — — ;Lon P Jfc A. ...133 —
L A gntd 5s. ..J0<) — 'Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P H R 5s. — 101% [Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-jit ris.,123 — ' Savings Hank-
Do 1st M :,s. — _ Grr S & L 1S30 —
N CK U It 7s. — — Hum S & L.. — —
N It of Cal fts.uv. — (Hut Sav Bk... 45 —
..P" ; » - - 113 8 F Sav U....503 —
N P t- R R 6s.l01 — Sav & L. So.... 74 7»
io.j _ «ec «av Bk — —
N Cal R it 6s. Ill — Union TCo.... — —
Oak q L&H5S.1U 11«-; Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 6s.. _ m';,' California 12C»4 —
Oak -VV cv, 3s .. - m l.lean-st 5.) —
Oceanic S Co..l04«<il04'il Market-st Ry.. CH -
U m . C ~ Ry 6s -l-'< - |O S L & H.... — 4«'i
P & O Ry 6s. 103 101 presidio — 22>,»
P A O R U 6s.llG — I Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R is.UO — [California 133 162^
Sac L & GR; s . — _ I Giant Con Co. S6 87
S V & SJV 5». — l*i> IViKorlt 2'm i\k
S Ry of Cal 63.111 - 1 fc'ugar Stocks-
S P of A Cs... — HiUjlHana S P Co. f>4 i\
s p c 6aaac5j.no iu€|h«w c*scos; »
Do (1006) ....lll'iin iHcnokaa S Co 32*, —
_T>o 11912) ....m 122^1 Hutch S P Co. 24S —
SPRC istgntSs - — , KHauea S Co. 13*» 21^
S P Br Cs. % ....133 — llakawell SCo 46', 47
S \ \\ater 6s. US — Onomea S Co. — Js
Do 4s 103U — Pa«.ulia;i ri Co. 31 31!^
Do 3d mtg...l01» % — Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6s Vt^ — \\\ p a ck Assn.117% —
Water Stocks— ;Cal Fruit Asn. — Si'i
Contra Costa.. — 72 j Mer Kx Assn.. 97 luO
Marin County. 30 — Oceanic S Co Ml*
Spring Valley. 94% — ! Pac A F A.... — —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. U —
Cent L & P Co 4U —
. Morning Session.
Board —
5 Contra Costa Water 71 73
10 Contra Costa Water 71 6214
10 Contra Costa Water 71 50
2.iO Honokaa S Co 32 V>
30 Makawell 4<5 ST^
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 12'j
10 S F Gaa fz Electric Co 4S 30'
50 S F Gaa & Electric Co 4S 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 4^2:.
10 S V Water 94 S7Vi
Street—
$.'.000 Northern Cal Ry 5a Ill CO
40 Pacific Lighting 44 CO
330 S F Gaslight 4 73
• Afternoon Session.
Board—
73 California Powder 160 CO
100 Hana Plantation Co S 62'i
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 62' 3
22.1 KHauea Sugar Plantation Co 13 S7 J j
$rooo Oceanic S S Bonds 104 i"
140 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
loft Home Oil * S3
100 American Fuel 31
2000 Independence IT
Street—
20O11 City Petroleum 17 SO
Afternoon Session.
200 Home Oil 4 .•>
S00 Independence 13 •
~— — —
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock artU Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ¦ _ : • .<
4PO Chollar 15( SW Ophir 63
600 Con New York. 03! 2uO Overman 1">
2no Gould & Curry. S inn Savage 20
230 Hale & Nor 30 100 Sierra Nevada. Zl
500 Mexican ISi V#> Silver Hill 53
Afternoon Session.
iro Best & Belcher 23 ! 4C0 Savag* 20
100 Caledonia lti\ a<A> Seg Belcher — 04
VA Chollar 19| 200 Sierra Nevada. 27
100 Chollar 2u; 2iv> Silver Hill M
SOO Gould & Curry. 23! 200 Silver Hill 63
500 Potosi 161 300 Union Con 23
Morning Session.
The followlns were the sales la the Pacific
Stock Beard yesterday:
300 Alta OS 500 Gould & Curry. 2*
500 Bullion 04 2.^0 Seg Belcher.... 03
2oo Chollar IS 250 Seg Belcher.... 04
200 Con Cal & Va..l 5t 200 Sierra Nevada. 27
600 Con Imperial... 01 100 Silver Hill 53
500 Con New York. 03 10O Silver Hill 60
Afternoon Sesslon.
BOO chollar .r. 20 20n Sierra NeTada. 2S
400 GouM & Curry. 24 250 Silver Hill 61
200 Ophir 70 10O Silver Hill tu
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
WEDNESDAY. July 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 C5 Justice 07 OS
Alta CS CU Kentuck — Cl
Andes C4 C3 Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 16 17 Mexican IS 19
Best & Belcher S3 24 1 Occidental 09 11
Bullion 03 04IOphir 70 71
Caledonia 1 00 1 10 Overman 15 IS
Challenge Con. 14 13' Potost 18 17
Chollar 19 20 1 Savage 13 20
Confidence 75 — Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 35! Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 ¦> Sierra Nevada. 27 28
Con New York. 03 04; Silver Hill 62 64
Crown Point... 03 WlSt Louis C3 —
Eureka Cos — 50; Standard 4 15 4 30
Exchequer — 04 < Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 23 24[ Union Con 20 21
Hale & Nor.... 29 30 j Utah 12 M
Julia 61 021 Yellow Jacket. 14 15
7954 bushels; sales. 1754 bushels futures; 240.000
bushels export. Spot market strong: No. 2 red,
S9T- 8 c f. o. b.; afloat; No. 2 red, 87%c -elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth ¦ 91%cf. o. b afloat to
arrive: No. 1 hard Duluth. 93%c f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. - Options were' strong; pretty much
all day, on an unexpectedly bullish Government
report, higher cables, outside speculative buy-
Ing and brisk, demand from local short inter
est, closed firm at 2c net 'advance. July. 87»i®
SSHc, closed 88c; September, 85%©S7c. closed
?6%c: October, 86<§S69ie, closed 864c; December,
COFFEE — Spot Rio. weak; No. 7 Invoice. 9c
nominal. Mild quiet -Cordova. 9Vs©l3Uc. Fu
tures—Closed steady. 5@15 points net lower. To
tal sales, 15.705 bags, including: July. $7 55;
September. $7 75(f|7 80; October. $7 90; November.
$7 85; December. $8 CoSTS 15; January, JS 15;
March. $8 30@8 85. and May, tS 40.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 4Uc: centrl
fugal, 96 test, 4*ic; molasses sugar. 4c. Kenned,
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts 9130 packages. Sternly;
creamery, 17(5'19%c; factory. 14ff MVic
EGGS— Receipts, 7320- packages. Firm; West
ern at mark, lCdT12^c for average lots; 'West
em, Iors off, 1414c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Business was rather
Flow in the market for evaporated apples.
California dried fruits ruled Bteady nnd un
changed. ..
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3tt€P41fcc: choice, 5%66Uc; fancy, T>J~%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V4@"c per
pound, as to size and quality. i, •
APRICOTS— Royal. llfiUc: Moorpark. 15fll.c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14©lSc; unpeeled. 6<&9c.
cember, nominal.
CORN— Spot, Bteady; American mixed, nom
inal. 4s 4Hd; American mixed, old. 4s 3d. Fu
tures, quiet: July, 4s Id: September. 4s 2%a.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, 8s 3d.
» i
WHEAT-Spot. firm: No. 1 Northern spring.
6s 5V4d; No. 1 California, fis BdiErCs 6d. Futures,
quiet; July, nominal; September. 6s 4Hd; De-
Northern Wheat Market.
ORKCION."
PORTLAND. July 11.— Wheat-Steady; Walla
Wnlla. &7JTM.!; Vnllny, MtfKRc: Bluestem, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July II.— Whcnt— Strong. He high
er. Dlutatem, D!'o; Club, 67c; both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL. July 11.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard Cnllforntn, «* M®** 6d; wheat in
Paris, stendy; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country mnrkrts, sternly.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 31-32d.
CLOSING.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 11.— Clearings, $407,
856; balances. $75,716.
Portland's Business.
NEW. TOR K. July 11.— The Iron market con
tinues weak, with billets down to 121. Pig
Iron wnrranta were nominally quiet. Tin In
I^ondon advanced 10s in spot and £2 15s in fu
tures. The local market for shert rulod strong
at J32 EOS 32 73". while futures were neglected,
even at large concessions. . Copper was dull
and unchanged despite an advance of 12s Gd
in London, closing here at $t6 50. Lead and
spelter were dull and unchanged. The brokers"
price for lead was $3 80 and for copper J16 25.
by, were In strong demand and recovered to a
nnrlty with the laBt auction. Merinos were
firm at times. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
wools Hold -well. The number of baies offered
waa 81S7. The present series will close July 20.
Nciv York Metal . Market.
London Wool Sales,
IAN'DON', July 11.— The wool Bales to-day
WOW fully attended. Queensland greasy comb-
Ipkh were actively competed for at dearer
riiiiH, CroBs-breds. especially course and shab-
wool sales. This weakness In London hn.«
affected some of the growers, notably In Utah.
Wyoming and Idaho, who are offering - wools
at decidedly lower figures. Notwithstanding
the low prices asked for wool* manufacturers
do not appear to be In a mood to purchase, as
they are uncertain as to the kinds of wool
which will be needed their lightweight
goods, the extent of the demand and the
basis upon which prices will settle. When the
lightweight e»as3n has ' definitely developed a
better demand for wool is 'anticipated.
The sales In Boston for the week amounted
to 1. 166.000 pounds domestic and 150.000 pounds
foreign, making a total of I.31B.0O0 pounds,
against a total of 1.273.000 for the previous
week and a total of 9,834,000 pounds for the
corresponding week last year.
«tu. |l: Broiler*. |3fT» U> for l»rfr««nd »»
©2 to for rnnull; Pl«*e,n.. $1 2S«» «> per doxeu
lor old and II VAH 10 for fiiuabi,
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continue* flow of Bale, with ample
supplies. There Is also n liberal «tock of
Cheese here. Eggs are steady enough, and re
ceipts are decreasing, but spot utoi-ks are yet
too large to Justify any marked advance.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. lS!4©Wc: sec-
OI Da'lry— Fancy. 16',i: good to choice, lSHtJlSc;
common, 14S»13c. -
CHEESE— New, 8>$fi9c; Young America, Wr-ft
10c: Kaatern. Id?il7c: Western. 15*/ 16c per lb.
PGGS Quoted at H'SUc for store and 170
ISo per dozen lor ranon; Kastern. l*Vtf lO'.-ic
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
; Lemons are cleaning up and there are indi
cations of an advance. Limes are still higher.
Stocks of Oranges are becoming limited.
I Peaches. Apricots and Plums are dull ! and
weak, though stocks are net nearly ¦ as large
as usual at this time of the year. Bartlett
Pears stand about {he tame. Figs are in light
: supply and steady. • Grapes are dragging some
. what. Melons continue to bring high prices.
Apples continue firm, but Crabapplea are neg
lected . '
DHcirn'ors fruits—
APRICOTS— 2Siff 40c per box and crate; In
baskets. 2frg30c and $7 CO® 15 per ton to the
cannem. . ' •
APPLES— 3Scf?$l for large boxes; Graven
etelna, 7oc<g$l 25; Crabapples, 30@50c per box.
PKARS— :-At i «c p#r o.ix; i'.Hrnetts. "SOtMOe.
PLUMS— 20^S35c per box and crate* and 20'o30c
per bnsk«"t: in bulk. ImnGuS per t^n: Prunes.
SO'ffCOc per crate and 20®35c per basket.
STRAW BI-; Kill KS—J2 i*j<{tZ M H:r chest for
large nnd $2(6 4 for small berries.
RASPHRHRIES— J3-G*. per chest.
RLAOKBFRniFS— %lft* per chest.
LOOAN BERRIES— tZQl per chest.
" CURRANTS— $2<R3 CO per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-6SSC per lb.
FIGS— Per box. 25^400 for single and 20373c
for double lavers.
NECTARINES— White, 40®30c per box; red.
4<V37:r, l
• PEACHES— 2I((H0c per box and 20®33c per
bank<-t for common and 25S50c per ¦ box and
2ifiC0c per banket for Crawfords; In bulk. $15(3
20 per ton.
GKAPES— Spp«11»»«. from Arlznna, $1 nog'i 7"
per crate; Fontatnebleau, from Vacavllle, Gi'5'
75c. • ¦ ' . '. . v. -i-" "¦
MELONS— Nutmegs. 75c@S2 per case and
crnte; Cantaloupes. 73c8$l 25 per case and $2@
3 £0 for large crates.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings are about out;
St. Michaels. $1^2; Valencias. Jl 50®2 50: Lem
ctis. $1^1 ".0 for common and $2#3 for good tr«
choice; Mexican Limes,' $5; Bananas, 75ct?'$2 50
per bunch; Pineapples. $1 Wq'S 50 \>^r dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
From the California Cured Fruit Association
it Is learned that "Prunes are dropping quite
heavily !n the Santa Clara Valley, that is. in
sections, which, it is thought, will reduce the
output to a considerable extent, say 10 per
rent. The crop estimate Is not now as high as
It was thirty days ago. ! The Prunes will run
to small sizes on an average, the warm weath»r
having checked the growth, and they are begin
ning to color up. The harvest will be at least
ten days earlier than usual."
The above conditions apply to other large
Prune districts as well as to the Santa Clara-
Prunes will run to small . sizss almost every
where, which of course means a material re
duction in the weight of the crop, or, in other
words, a reduction in the gro»3 amount of
pounds produced In the t^tate. The old crop is
cleaned up and the new crop will come in on
a bare market for the firt't time in six years.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crap— Prunes, in narks,
4»4'5'4V<.c for 40-50*8, 3>i&4c for 50-60's. 3H'53 s ic
for 60-*70"s. 3K*?3Uc for 70-S0"s, 3@3V*c for 80-03" »
and 2*ifi3c for 90-100"s; Peaches. 4*4<g4 s 4c for
Standards. 5c for choice and 5%@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches. 10®12V»c; Evaporated Apples.
5V>®6c: sun-dried, 3«J4c per lb: Pears. 3 1 i'S4Hc
for dark and 7<@8c for bright halves; Black
Figs. I*ifi2c: White Figs. 2®3c; Bleached
Plums, IVtc; Unbleached Plums. 6c for pitted
and lV^c for unpitted.
NEW CROP— Apricots, 6®7Hc per Ib.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, .per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per tb. S',£c: choice. 7^c: standard. 6Uc:
prime. 5c: unbleached Sultanas". 5c: Seedless.
EO-tb boxes. 5c: 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 5'io:
S-crown, CUc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS — Walnuts. Sig9c for Standards and !V3
10c for softshells; Almonds. lUi'gllc for paper
shell, 9@10c for soft and 4ft5c for hardshell;
Peanuts, 5>ifi65i»c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts. 74®Sc; Filberts, 12@12'4c;
Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $3 5OS5.
HONEY— Comb. 12HS?13c for bright and II®
12c for light amber; water white, 7V»@7Vic; light
amber extracted. C%©7c: dark, 6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24(g26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10910%c per lb for
heavy. 10U®10%c for light medium. ll«4c for
light. 12%c for extra light and 14^c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12Q13c:
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily, $14: extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear. $19;
Mess. JIG 50: Smoked Beef. 12H'513c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8V4c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
t>%c: 10-lb tins. 9>ic; 5-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels. 8 v ic; one tierce. S%c; two tierces.
&t£c; five tierces, S*»c per lb.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
B',£c; medium, SHc; light, 8*ic; Cowhides, SHc;
Stags. Gc: Salted Kip. 8c ; Calf. 9c; Dry Hides,
sound. 16c; culls and brands. 13c: Dry Kip,
15c; Dry Calf. 16c: Sheepskins. Shearlings. 20^
30c each: short Wool. 3C@50c each: medium. 60
©SOc; long Wool. 90c^?l 10 each; Horse Hides,
rait. J2@2 25 for large. $1 73 for medium. $1 for
small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large. $1 23 for medium. $1 for small and 25
Si.'Oc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
cklns, 3oc; fall or medium ekins. 30c; winter or
thin skins, 2CTc. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, SOc: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
2c: refined. 5Ue; grease. 2@2Hc.
WOOL — Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 14®15c; Northern defective. H<&
14c; Middle County, free, 14916c; Middle County,
defective, 12gl4c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 11012c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10® 12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months". 9<iTUc: Humboldt and Mendocino.
16<glSc; Nevada. 13(S16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. S'gOc per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5@10c per lb; new. 9$10c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5@6^Jc per Ib for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, $HS9c; small, 9*j'S10%c per
pound.
MUTTON— "Wethers. "H@Sc; ewes. 7@7%c per
round.
LAMB-Spring. S^fJTOc per Jb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6J?5%c for small, 5\^3 T ic
for medium and oH'QWic for large: stock Hogs
and feeders, o'/ x ci dressed Hogs. S@SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS - San Quentin Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bafts. 6%c; • 'Wool Ban. 2SV4©32V4c;
Fleece Twir.e, 7*jc; Fruit Bags. 6HS6*ic for
white and S^SS^c for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington.' $8 per ton: new Welling
ton $8; Pouthfleld Wellington. $S; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, *6: Coos Bay. *-> 50; Wallsend, $S; Co
operative Wallsend. JS: Cumberland, M2 in bulk
and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14: Canr.el. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per
ton !n bulk and SIS In sacks: Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes", per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.10c; Powdered.
5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry Granulated.
5.60c; Confectioners" A. 5.60c; Magnolia A.
r..20c: Kxtra C. 5.10c: Golden C. Sc; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
SO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 73 barrels or its equivalent. Dcminos,
half-barrels, 6.35c; boxes, 6.60c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
WEDNESDAY. JULY lL
Flour, qr sks 7.91? Sugar, bbls t3«
¦Wheat, ctls 3.000 Lime, bbls 1S2
Barley, ctls .... 8.250 Raisins, boxes.... 9.">
Oats, ctls 2,730 Eggs, doz 23,6T>
Cheese, etls 2« Leather, rolls ... 122
Butter. ctl3 MO Wine, gals 22.»v>
Tallow, ctls 20<S Hides. Xo 3«J
Beans, sks 20S Pelts, bdls 4,ir.i
Potatoes, sks..... 4,232 Hay, tons 492
Onions, sks 449 Straw,. tons 5
Bran, sks 2.373 Wool, bales ...;.. SI
Sugar, sks 3.000
OREGON.
Osts, ctls ........ 470
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK. July 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,180 barrels; exports 4393 barrels;- sales. -6850
packages. Market lrregular'and spring: patents
were held 20c above buyers" views, but winter
straights sold , moderately at old prices; other
grades irere tjulet. .
i WHEAT— Receipts. 49.930' bushels; - exports.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
10
Nkv York Grain and Produce.
California Fruit Sales.
Chicago Grain Market.
Local stocks and bonds continued quiet and
unchanged on the morning session. There were
some sales on the Oil Exchange, with a slight
advance in Home Oil.
Business was slack at unchanged quotations
In the afternoon. , -
The La Fortuna i^intng Company of Arizona
has declared a dividend of 10c payable
Immediately.
- The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 23c per share on the ISth.
The Ktlauea Sugar Companr will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share on the ICth.
. The Pacific and Sunset telephone companies
vcill par the usual dividends for the month on
the 16th. ,
The Pacific! Surety Company has declared a
TO SAIL..
p
(3
Time Time
1 Ft.
IL W| ¦ II W
Time
Ft.
Ft ' f
m
j i I j.
12 ...
13 ...
14 ...
15
16 .'.'.'
is '.'.'.
5:11'— 0.3 12:251
B:S2— 0.71 1:041
, 6:31—0.4 1:40
H Wl I* Wl
, 0:43 5.4 7:14
1:4:. 5.1 7:58f
2:32 4.-1 3:421
, 4.-06) 4.3| 9:32!
4.8 4:571
! 5.0 5:501
5.1 8:45
H W
| 0.0 2:17
O.S 2:56
1.1 3:37
I 1.6| 4:23!
J.9 10:551
2.7 U:49'
t.*\
II* W
! 5.4 7:45
5.3 8:43
».« 9:511
:».S, 11:01
5.8
5 ¦*
il
; 1.3
1 0.8
Steamer. I From. I, Due.
¦Willamette (Seattle [July 11
Crescent aty....i .re*tvr»i City j u iy u
Coos Bay.- 'Newport |j lllv 12
TTntverse lOvster Harbor I.Tiilv IS
N>wV,urg •. Orays Harbor...." |July 13
Xfwburjf Grays Harbor July 13
Arcata Coos Bay j u i y 13
Eureka [Hurnboldt j u | y 13
Point Arena (Point Arena j u i y 13
Coquille Kiver. Grays Harbor July 13
Corona San Bieeo ; j n j y n
Columbia Portland iTulvM
Tellus jOystPr Harhor (July B
Orizaba HumbnlJt (July li
Matteawan |Tacoma July IS
Boniyj. [Newport IJuIy IS
Walla Walla... Victoria ft Putret Sound I.Tuly 11
Flam Oyster Harbor". IJuly 18
Warflold Oyster Harbor Ijuly 17
Coptic China and Japan July IT
Belgian King. ..(China and Japan July 17
Australia illorwlulu. " j u j y n
Santa Rosa |San Diego .'. IJuly 13
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Orizaba ...|Humbolrlc ,July 12. Zvzn\PX*rit
Santa Rc.a. .San D ** o lj u!y Jf u £ m £, 1 ;* X J
Pt»t- »r ' «• "o^tt^^ . ..n,,iv t> ,i m ip. Pr •>•
CoqaiUc R.. (Grays Kaxb-.r July 14 3 pml
North ForkjHumboldt July U. 9 am 1 Pier ':
Arcata ....|CooaBay July II. 4 pmlPier i*
' .*jr ia>... j\fwp n ; I'Mv 1* •• ,,ii. i'i- r |
Bt. Paul ..ICap* Xome....|Julr t*. t pralPler &L
Steamer. I From. I, Due.
¦Willamette (Seattle [July 11
Crescent aty....i .re*tvr»i City j u iy u
Coos Bay.- 'Newport |j lllv 12
TTntverse lOvster Harbor I.Tiilv IS
N>wV,urg •. Orays Harbor...." |July 13
Xfwburjf Grays Harbor July 13
Arcata Coos Bay j u i y 13
Eureka [Hurnboldt j u | y 13
Point Arena (Point Arena j u i y 13
Coquille Kiver. Grays Harbor July 13
Corona San Bieeo ; j n j y n
Columbia Portland iTulvM
Tellus jOystPr Harhor (July B
Orizaba HumbnlJt (July li
Matteawan |Tacoma July IS
Boniyj. [Newport IJuIy IS
Walla Walla... Victoria ft Putret Sound I.Tuly 11
Flam Oyster Harbor". IJuly 18
Warflold Oyster Harbor Ijuly 17
Coptic China and Japan July IT
Belgian King. ..(China and Japan July 17
Australia illorwlulu. " j u j y n
Santa Rosa |San Diego .'. IJuly 13
p
(3
Time Time
1 Ft.
IL W| ¦ II W
Time
Ft.
Ft ' f
m
j i I j.
12 ...
13 ...
14 ...
15
16 .'.'.'
is '.'.'.
5:11'— 0.3 12:251
B:S2— 0.71 1:041
, 6:31—0.4 1:40
H Wl I* Wl
, 0:43 5.4 7:14
1:4:. 5.1 7:58f
2:32 4.-1 3:421
, 4.-06) 4.3| 9:32!
4.8 4:571
! 5.0 5:501
5.1 8:45
H W
| 0.0 2:17
O.S 2:56
1.1 3:37
I 1.6| 4:23!
J.9 10:551
2.7 U:49'
t.*\
II* W
! 5.4 7:45
5.3 8:43
».« 9:511
:».S, 11:01
5.8
5 ¦*
il
; 1.3
1 0.8
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Orizaba ...|Humbolrlc ,July 12. Zvzn\PX*rit
Santa Rc.a. .San D ** o lj u!y Jf u £ m £, 1 ;* X J
Pt»t- »r ' «• "o^tt^^ . ..n,,iv t> ,i m ip. Pr •>•
CoqaiUc R.. (Grays Kaxb-.r July 14 3 pml
North ForkjHumboldt July U. 9 am 1 Pier ':
Arcata ....|CooaBay July II. 4 pmlPier i*
' .*jr ia>... j\fwp n ; I'Mv 1* •• ,,ii. i'i- r |
Bt. Paul ..ICap* Xome....|Julr t*. t pralPler &LTHEIR MARRIAGE KEPT
A SECRET FOR MONTHS
W. H. Waste Indorsed.
BERKELEY. July 11 —At a meeting of
thelRTkeley Republican Club at Golden
Shf£ Hall last night the candidacy of W
H. VTSiste for the State Senate was unani
mously Indorsed. The club has been In
vited to the St. Paul con\-ention by the
National Republican League.
State Stenographers to Meet.
The annual meeting of the California
Stenographers' Association will take place
on July J" and IS in the Marble room of
the Palace Hotel.
Must Remain in Jail.
OAKLAND. July. 11.— Robert Melville
better known as the "estuary pirate"'
made an unsuccessful attempt to-day to
secure his release on a writ of habeas
corpus from the County Jail, where he Is
confined pending his trial. The writ was
heard by Judge Ellsworth, who remanded
the prisoner into custody.
Light Cannery Output.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 11.— Seven ves
sels with a capacity of 414.000 cases have
been chartered to carry this season's pack
of the British Columbia salmon canneries
to the European markets. Last year
there were nine vessels with a capacity of
600,000 cases. This is an off year for sal
mon, and besides the pack has probably
been curtailed by the fishermen s strike
on Fraser River.
Played With Electricity.
SANTA ANA. July 1L— Floyd Anderson.
a* 15-year-old lad, wrapped the end of a
long piece of baling wire around a weight
and threw the wire over an electric wire
carrying 10,000 volts, near West Orange,
this afternoon. He took hold of the
dangling end of the wire. He was
knocked senseless and has not yet recov
arcui <tnjia/>JoUSnft£Ji- |
He Charges Fraud.
Handwriting experts are now examin
ing* a note on which Giovanni Ferrea
seeks to recover $400 from Stephen Cas
sinelll. It was executed* November 7, 1894
Cassinelli denies .that -he ever executed
the note, -and charges fraud. The case
will go on again to-day.
Pastor Held to Answer.
CENTERVILLE. July ll.-Manuel Pas
tor has been Jj*ld to answer by Justice
Panflholdt on a charge of assaulting his
former employer. John Carr of Decoto
with a Ehotgun. The men had a dispute
over the amount of wages due Pastor and
In the Hght which followed Carr was
badly used. Pastor's bond was fixed at
$1000. Mrs. Pastor is also said to have
taken a hand in the mix-up.
"Wright Held for Robbery.
John Wright was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Fritz
yesterday afternoon on a charge of rob
bery. The preliminary examination of
Andrew Flately on a similar charge was
not concluded. Both have also a charge
of assault to murder to answer. They
are accused of stabbing and robbing John
C. Nolan on the Mission road about a
month ago.
Friends Stole While He Slept
George Macgregor and William Powell
were arrested by Officers Murphy and Mc-
Cormlck last night and charged at the
City Prison with grand larceny on com
plaint of William Cooper of 112 Fourth
street. The two men had spent the even
ing drinking with Cooper in the latter's
room. Cooper fell asleep and when he
awoke he found his friends gone- also J55
he had In his bureau drawer. He went
out and got the officers. When they again
reached Cooper's room his pseudo friends
were there again. They were promptly
arrested,"
OAKLAND. July 11.— James P. Taylor
of this city has chartered the steamer
?""seerina and wi'I run the vessel between
Cr^kland and Oypter Harbor, British
Columbia. The Czarina is a staunch
eteamer with a carrying capacity of 1200
tons. The ve?.«ei will leave for Oyster
Harbor to-morrow, stopping at Seattle to
discharge freight.
Mr. Taylor intends to maintain a per
manent line between this city and north
ern ports.
STEAMER LINE FROM
OAKLAND TO THE SOUND
Printers' Aid Society Officers.
At the annual meeting of the Union
Printers' Mutual Aid Society, held on Sun
day, July 8, the following named officers
were elected to serve for the ensuing six
months:
President, Leo MlehelBon; first vice president,
James T. KHs^y: second vice president, Ed
ward McLaughlln: recording wcretary, George
H. Branch; financial secretary. Georjre H.
Knell; treasurer, William J. White: marshal,
John Collins; guardian. Louis P. Ward.
Board of Directors— John H. King, James P.
Olwell. Frank W. Gnekow, George B. Mitchell
Jhe jpay's jpead
A. E. Phinney.
SAN DIEGO. July 11.— A. E. Phlnney. a
well known fruit packer and merchant of
thi5 city, a member of the. firm of R. H.
Young & Co., dropped dead in his store
while talking to his men this afternoon.
Captain Peter Conrad.
ST. LOUIS. July ll.-Captain Peter Con
rad, one of the pioneers of the steamboat
business on the Mississippi River, died to
day. He was 80 years old.
Cholera in India.
SIMUA, July 11.— Cholera has appeared
In severe epidemic fflrm at Kohat, twenty
five miles south of Peshawur. Two hun
dred and seven cases and seventy-seven
deaths occurred among the Sepoys and
camp followers between July 2 and July
9. The prospects for the monsoon are
slightly more favorable.
OAKLAND. July ll.-Colonel John P.
3rii=h will serve another term a? president
« f the Board of Direr-tors of the Hr,me
for th* Adult Ulind. He was re-elected for
f ne year at a meeting of the directors
last evening. N. W. Spaulding was elected
vice president.
• Coionel Irish, in speaking of the work
fit the institution, said that operations
In the broom factory will soon be re-
FUnrvJ. The directors present wr-re War
ren Olney. H. M. Sanborn. G. E. Randolph
and John P. Irish.
COLONEL J. P. IRISH IS '
RE-ELECTED PRESIDENT
BERKELEY, July 11.— For seven days
William O'Neil, a real estate dealer and
former Postmaster at Peralta, refused to
take food. His voluntary fast was the re
sult, he declares, of illness. He became
so emaciated that the attending physi
cian feared for his recovery. O'Nell's rea
son was leaving him when he was finally
induced to break his starvation vow. In
fact, he became delirious, and. it was said
had threatened to starve himself to death
It was said In the neighborhood of
O'Nell's residence at 2112 Aihby avenuo
that he had declared that a man who had
reached three score and ten years, his age.
had lived long enough. O Nell says he
had no intention of starving himself to
death.
SEVEN DAYS' FAST OF
W. O'NEIL OF BERKELEY
OAKLAND. July 11. — Murder was nearly
done to-night during a quarrel over a dice
game In a saloon at Eleventh and Frank
lin streets. Thomas Rhoan, a carpet lay
er, was stabbed In the thigh and In the
abdomen by Thomas Stoltz, a blacksmith.
The weapon used was a long-bladed pock
et-knife.
The men had been shaking dice when
a dispute arose and Stoltz pulled out his
knife. Before Rhoan could get away
Stoltz lunged at him. cutting him across
the left side. At the second lunge the
blade struck a rib and thus was prevent
ed from entering the abdomen deeply.
The wounds required considerable surgical
treatment at the Receiving Hospital.
The men were parted as soon as the
cutting was done and Stoltz disappeared.
He was captured a few hours later by
Captain of Police Petersen, who found the
knife wielder hiding in a room In the rear
of Harvey Wilson's blacksmith shop on
Franklin street, near Eleventh, where
Stoltz is employed.
MURDER NEARLY DONE
IN QUARREL OVER DICE
OAKLAND, July II.— TYhlle despondent
<fer 111 health and homesickness, R«»m<*gio
I gtao. IS y^arp oM, a Filipino, ended his
V> to-<iay at th^ parish residence of the
J-'iri'jgupf-e church clergy, SG5 Chestnut
*xrr-d. whore be was employed as a cook.
by turning on th<* ga5.
Young I-nptso was one of a number of
hi* f-ounirymen who mm* from the Phil
::>pin«>!5 tr> piv<» <-xhibitfons at the recent
Trans-Mi^si^slppi Exposition at Omaha
Tb« show was= n<~>t a linnncinl succc-ps and
}<• drifted with others back to California.
With him wn? hi? brtittier. Tvho found cm
plnyment with a clergyman of th«> Span
ish Catholic Church In San Francisco.
Th* youth who 1? now drad was provided
v.ith a place in Oakland }{c went to the
j>arocr>ial residence <~-n June 25.
DESPONDENT FILIPINO
YOUTH TURNS ON GAS
SOLWAY. Minn.. July 11.— The Blanket
Indians at Red Lake are In a sullen mood
and trouble is feared. The Government
has erected a $30,0)0 school at that point
and these Indians seriously object to any
attempt at civilizing them. They refused
annuities from the Government for a
number of years, claiming that the Gov
ernment has not given them their just
portion of the Indian money.
White settlers near the reservation are
arming themselves and gathering to
gether, fearing an attack. Arms and am
munition have been sent from Solway and
a call probably will be made for State
troops. The Indians are holding war
dances nightly.
in Minnesota Arming.
Settlers Near Red Lake Reservation
INDIAN RISING FEARED.
These are the same bills that were ls
suert hr the Contra Costa Water Com
pai the first of the month, but which
wei« hastily recalled upon the instruc
tions of the attorneys for the company,
pending the securing of the Injunction.
Now that the Injunction has been Issued,
the bills have been sent out, and money
is being collected with the old-time ra
pidity.
"We began collecting money this morn-
Ing," said President J. II. T. Watkinson
of tth« Contra Costa Water Company,
"and we have filed the bond roquired by
the Injunction. Wo have made out the
LOTJNG TO GO TO CHINA.
Arrive From Hawaii.
Steamers Miowera and Belgian King
VICTORIA. B. C. July 11.— The steamer
Miowera arrived from Australia and Ha
waiian ports to-night and brings impor
tant news to July 4. I>oung, the Chinese
reformer, who has been at Naita collect-
Ing money for the furtherance of the
cause of his party, is about to sail for
China.
The ship Nlleston, which has been
posted as overdue on the Sound from
MONTREAL. July 11.— At the request of
the Imperial authorities the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad has made arrangements to
carry whatever troops the British may
send to China direct from Quebec to
Shanghai.
When the steamer Miowera. ¦which ar
rived here to-day left Honolulu th« ex
perts in cbargre of the apparatus were
adjusting the instruments to exact dis
tances and hoped shortly to have the full
system working.
m
TROOPS DIRECT FROBE QUEBEC.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 11.— "vThile th<» In
stallation of the Marconi system of wire
less telegraphy has not been completed
between all the Hawaiian Islands as yet.
In the near future It will be In successful
operation. Test has been made and mes
sapes exchanged between Honolulu and
the island of Lanai. This is a distance of
about 100 miles, which compares very fa
vorably with some of the best records yet
made anywhere. On Lanai there Is a re
lay station which works with Hilo on
Hawaii Island.
Good Results Obtained In the Hawai
ian Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TESTING MARCONI SYSTEM.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. July 1J.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 19 hours from Usal.
Ptmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 60 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. 23 hour* from
Eureka.
Btmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. 51 hours fm Vic
toria and Puget Sound portj.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. July 11.
Br Stmr Moana. Carey. Sydney via Honolulu;
J X> Bpreckels A Bros Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. July 11.
Btmr Navarro. Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Del Xorte. Allen. Astoria.
Star Washtenaw. Gllboy. Tacoma.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Ger bark. J C Pflugrer, Hoever, Queenstowa.
Barfre Santa Paula, Nielsen. San Pedro, in
tow of tun Rescue.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS July 11—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind.- sou tn west: velocity. 10 miles.
SPOKEX.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND—July 11— Tat HolyoJte.
at this poet reports speaking Ger ship Kiarel ITS
miles west and north from Cape Flattery,
bound from Nagasaki for Portland. Or.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK-Salled July 11— Ektn J. M
Griffiths, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 11 — Schr C.
H Merchant, hence June 23.
COOS BAY-Salled July 11— Stmr Arcata. tat
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— ArrlTed July 11— Stmr
Navarro. hence July ID.
CASPAR— Arrived July U— Stmr Luella. hc«
July 9.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 11— Stmr San Padro,
for Nome.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 11— Br ship Ftanki*.
tan. from Nagasaki. Sailed— Bkta Tam
O'Shanter. for San Francfeco.
PORT LOS AXGELES— Arrived July U— Stmr
Mlneola, from Ninalmo.
HOl'LDA LANDING— Arrtred July 11— Schr
Neptune, from Newport (South).
COOS BAY— Arrived July 11— Schr Daisy
Rowe. hence June 27; »chr James A. Garfleld.
hence June IS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July U— Stmr Alcazar.
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jaly 11— Br ttznr Bn*>
mer. from Yokohama.
FACT OF THEIB MARRIAGE HAS JTJST BECOME KNOWN.
PORTLAND, Erig.. July 11.— The British
third class battleship Conqueror went
ashore this morning on the Shamble*
Banks while proceeding to the naval
maneuvers. She was subsequently floated
and proceeded for this port
Conqueror Goes Ashore.
SACRAMENTO, July 11.— In a fire this
morning which destroyed the house occu
pied by John Alvinez. a roiling mill work
ci, his two-year-old daughter was burned
to death. The fire was caused by the ex
plosion of a gasoline stove. .
Girl Burned to Death.
LONDON, July 11.— The Daily Mall's
Accra correspondent, telegraphing. July 10.
says: Sir Frederick Mitchell-Hodgson.
Governor of the Gold Coast Colony, and
his wife arrived at Cape Coast Castle to
day. The remainder cf the party Is ex
pected to-morrow.
Mitchell-Hodgson at Accra.
The judgment In the case of. the Bank
of San Luis Oblspo against N. Goldtree,
Isaac Lasar and Markus I^asar has been
affirmed by the Supreme Court. The de
fendants Jointly gave a note for $33,119 53.
This action was on the note and to fore
close certain grant deeds of land given
by way of mortgage security for the obli
gation. Judgment went to the bank.
Bank Won the Suit.
WOODLAND, July 11.— The list of en
tries In the harness races to be held dur
ing the district fair, show that the very
best horses In the State will meet here.
The entry list is larger than for any other
fair held prior to the State Fair. Jessie
C, Clipper. Dadalion. Little Thorn. Kelly
Brlggs, Edna R and Floraclta will come
together for the first and last time before
the State Fair.
Entries in Yoio.
Preclal Dispatch to The Call
On the other islands patriotic exercises
and sports were held on the day. On
Maul Island, Wailuku was the center of
the Jubilations and on Hawaii a big cele
bration was held at Hllo.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 11.— The Terri
tory of Hawaii, United States, was hold-
Ing her first celebration of Independence
day when the steamer Jliowera left Hono
lulu on July 4. In Honolulu a big cele
bration was being held, athletic sports
and games were brought off. Fourth of
July orations were delivered and in every
respect a thoroughly American Independ
ence day programme was gone through.
Independence I>ay Fittingly Cele
brated in the New Territory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE FOURTH IN HAWAII.
The Belgian King's principal Item of
cargo was 11.000 chests of new crop ot
tea. of which 10,00) will be landed here
and the remainder taken to San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO. July 11.— The steamer Bel
gian King of the California and Oriental
line arrived this evening. She left Hong
kong June 5 and Yokohama June 23. The
officers say that A. H. Butler, president
of the company, with his wife and daugh
ter, was in Peking when the Boxer move
ment became dangerous and only left the
city the day before communication with
the outside world was closed. They are
now safe in Yokohama.
Honolulu, did not come this way, bin has
sailed for the South American coast.
MAYWARDS, July 11.— An attach
ment formed in childhood, rlpen-
II II ing into friendship and then love
,** . Is . the ' story which culminated in
the secret marriage last December of Miss
Maude Williams and Alfred E. Keating
of Haywards, There was an objection to
the engagement on the part of the young
woman's mother. Despite the maternal
direction to break with her sweetheart
Miss Williams was ready when the sug
gestion of elopement was made and one
day last December the young couple sped
away [ to - San Rafael, . where they were
married' by -Rev. Father Sullivan.
The secret was so well buried by the
young folks that until last night neither
family had the slightest , intimation of
the affair. Then Mrs. Keating broke the
news to her mother, who is Airs. T. N.
Martin. The young wife had been resid
ing for some time with a sister In San.
Francisco and there her husband paid her
frequent visits, eluding the watchful
mamma, who, it Is said, was so - strongly
opposed to her daughter's marriage.
But now that the story is out every one
concerned is content and parental bless
ings, have been very properly bestowed
upon the devoted pair.
Both families have resided at Hay
wards for ; many years, being among the
oldest and most prominent people in Eden
Township, j Young Keating has for three
years been a student In the medical de
partment of the University of California,
. Mrs. Keating is 19 years old and is a
sister of Mrs. Dr. J. M. Forrest of San
Francisco.
OAKLAND, July 11.— Smallpox exists in
the family of Z. J. Enos, 923 East Four
teenth street. Mary Pedro, 15 years old,
residing at S30 East Fourteenth street. Is
also aflllcted. She has been isolated in a
tent near her home, where the Enos child
will also be cared for until the residences
have been fumigated. Several other case3
have been traced to the Enos home, the
patient having passed through the serious
stage of the disease before It was diag
nosed. The health authorities had their
attention called to-day to the case. Dr.
Kitchings, president of the Board of
Health, says there is no epidemic and no
danger of one, the disease being purely
local in extent. Several employes of the
Pacific Press, who It was feared had
come In contact with a case at Haywards,
have been quarantined for a few days.
SMALLPOX CASES, BUT
NO DANGER OF EPIDEMIC
cation, working hard during the summer
to earn his winter schooling.
When but 13 years old he began life, by
clerking in a country store. At IS years
of age he had got on so well that he was
able to start a store of his own at Kewa
nee. III., carrying It on till 1S61. when he
came to California and engaged in mining
in Placer County. He then after many
stirring adventures, enlisted in the service
of Wells. Fargo & Co. at Gold Hill, Nev.
While in Nevada he was on the staff of
Provost Marshal General Jacob Van Bok
kelen, serving as an aid. After leaving
the express company. Mr. Hale became a
member of the San Francisco Stock Ex
change, continuing In that business until
1SS4.
In that year he was elected — eriff of
Alameda County on the Republican ticket.
To this office he was twice re-elected. In
1S91 he was appointed by the State Board
of Prison Directors Warden of San Quen
tln Penitentiary. He served two terms
making way for Agulrre of Los Angeles.
Mr. Hale was married in Nevada in 1867
to Miss S. M. McElroy, daughter of a
minister. One daughter. Miss Sadie Hale,
is the fruit of the union.
WILLIAM E. HALE. ex-Sheriff of
Alameda County and ex-Warden
of the State prison at San Quea
tln, died rather suddenly at his
home. US Twelfth street. Oakland, shortly
before midnight last night. Heart disease
was presumably the cause of death.
Ex-Warden Halo had been ailing for
several years. He failed noticeably dur
ing the time Durrant, the murderer, was
confined In the prison, and directly after
the execution of that criminal his decline
was still more apparent.
Despite his falling health, Mr. Hale had
been carrying on a stock broking business
in this city since his resignation as head
of the penitentiary. Last evening he was
taken suddenly 111 at his home and his
death came soon afterward.
It Is not' thought that the ex-Warden
left much of an estate. He was known
throughout the length and breadth of the
State, being one of California's prominent
political characters.
William E. Hale, was born at Hollls, N.
II., in 1S42, and was a descendant of the
old revolutionary stock. While he was
still a young man the family removed to
Princeton, 111., where he received his edu-
THE LATE W. E. HALE.
OAKLAND. July ll.-To take
forty to fifty grains of mor
phine a day and cry for more
is the record of Albert But-
ler. a miserable specimen of
humanity who pleaded guilty to
burRlary before Judge Ellsworth
to-day. During his confinement in
the County Jail Butler's allowance
was reduced to a grain a day,
sufficient to produce sleep In a per
son of normal physical condition.
It was entirely ineffectual In this
wretched "fiend's" case. Deprived
of his customary quantity Butler
faded to a wreck and had to be
carried into court to plead. He
robbed J. P. Robinson's room at
111 San Pablo avenue to pet money
with which to buy the drug.
ATE FIFTY GRAINS
MORPHINE DAILY
OAKLAND, July II.— The city ffovera
xripnt has two new fire engines on Its
hands, but has no house in which to
place them for service. They are lntenrt
ed for the protection of the annexed dis
trict. _v
Chief Engineer Ball of the Fire Depart
ment, who is trying to locate the appa
ratus, has reported to th«» Board of Fire
Commissioners that suitable sites are
held at such figures that much difficulty
will be experienced in securing any. In
fact, a number of property-owners who
have been approached have refused to sell
at any offer. The engines have, been
tested satisfactorily and are ready for
ten-ice.
The destruction last week of the U'ag
r.»r residence by fire and the narrow es
c;ij>e of its occupant? from death has
hastened the action of the Commission
ers, but the question of site blocks tho
Immediate settlement of the location
question.
OAKT.ANrt. July II.— Theodore
Grady, a doaf and dumb at
torney, has sued Samuel
Da£sett. also a deaf mute,
for 1300, his charpes for al
leged eervlce« rendered in a case
Iwo jreara ago in which Dassett
was preeecnted on a charge of be
trayal. Thf accuser being; likewise
deaf and dumb.
Grady was associated with At
torney Hnp'i A!drioii as Dagrgett's
counsel, s=o the complaint runs.
When The case was prosecuted
neither C"urt nor counsel on cither
side could make any progress he
cause of the physical impairments
of the accused and the complain
ant So Grady was called in and
the examination was conducted
¦with the uh»- of th«* sipn langruag-e.
Dapgett claims Grady only acted
as interpreter and is not entitled
to an attorney's fee.
FIRE ENGINES GALORE,
BUT NO PLACE FOR THEM
said Council of t*<» pity of Oakland, and
to all other persons who may be Inter
ested In the performance of the condi
tions hereof, in the sum of cne hundred
thousand (1CO.0C0) dollars lawful money
of the United States of America, to be
paid to the said obligees, their re
spective successors, administrators and
assigns, for which payment well and
truly to be made we bind ourselves
and our successors, heirs, executors
and adminlstratoira. Jointly and sev
erally, firmly by these presents. .
SeaJ»<l with our seals and dated this
11th day of July, 1900.
The condition of the above obliga
tion is such that.
Whereas. The above-named Contra
Costa Water Company did on the 7th
day of July. l?no, apply for an Injunc
tion against the defendants, and each
of them, enjoining and restraining
them during- the pendency of the above
entitled action from the commission of
certain acts, ami
Whereas. The above-entitled court
did on the 10th day of July. 190O. enter
Its order that npon the execution and
filing of bond of undertaking: by the
plaintiff, an Injunction Issue out of and
under the seal of said court, enjoin
ing and restraining the defendants,
their agents, servants, attorneys, offi
cers and employes, pending the trial of
eald action and until the further orler
of this court, from enforcing, or caus
ing to be enforced, or from unywia?
attempting to enforce the ordinance set
forth and referred to In the complaint
In said action, which ordinance was
pawed to print on the 5th day of
March. 19C0. and finally passed on the
?4th day of Mafh. 1300. and frotn en
forcing, or causing to *>e enforced, or
In anywise attempting to enforce
the rates or any of the rates fixed or
pretended to be> fixed or established by
said ordinance, and from enforcing or
attempting to enforce or In anywise
causing to be enforced any forfeiture
of the plaintiff's franchise or works for
failure or refusal of plaintiff to obey
said pretended order, or for collecting
rates other w ls*e than &9 established by
said ordinance, and from atfmptlnir.
directly or indirectly, to compel or re
quire the plaintiff tn furnish water tr»
the city of Oakland or Its Inhabitants
at the rates fixed or established or
pretended to be fixed or established:
Now. therefore. If the above named princi;>a:
shall well and truly pay to said defendant a
such d •nuffs. not exceeding the sum of one
hundred thousand (IICO.WW) dollars as they mny
custatn by reason of said Injunction, If the
court shall finally decide that plaintiff was
not entitled thereto, and If said plaintiff shall
pay to any Inhabitant of or ratepayer In thi
•aid city of Oakland any damasres which it. he
or she. may ?usfa!n. not exceeding the sum of
one hundred thousand (JICO.COO) dollars by rea
son of the collection by plaintiff from it. him
or her, for water furnished to It. him or her.
ported to be established by said ordinance, then
the above obligation to be void, otherwise to bo
and remain In full force and virtue.
CONTRA COSTA WATER CO.
By J. H. T. WATKINSON. President.
By WAI-TEH C. BEATT1E, Secretary.
A. HAYWARD [Seal.].
WILLIAM J. PINGEE [Seal.J.
Ptate of California, City and County of San
Francisco— S3.
Alvlnza. Hay-ward and WHltam J. Dtnijee, the.
sureties whose names are subscribed to tha
above undertaking, being "everally duly sworn.
each for himself says: That he Is a resident
and freeholder within the State of California,
an i that he Is worth the sum specified In sali!
undertaklne as the penalty thereof over ami
above all his- Just debts and liabilities, exclu
sive of property exempt from execution.
A. HAYWARD.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th
day of July, 1900. FRANK L. OWEN.
OAKLAND, July 11. — As usual, the
people are paying the piper, no
matter for which side he pipes. To
be a little more specific, the city of
Oakland is paying the expenses of the lit
igation that is being waged against It by
the Contra Costa Water Company in Its
effort to make the people pay interest
upon an inflated valuation of the corpora
tion's plant.
This is what the Injunction Issued by
Judge Hart yesterday preventing the en
forcement of the new water rate ordi
nance did. .'It forced the people of Oak
land to supply the sinews of war to the
water company and at the figures select
ed by the water company itself. So the
water rate payers of Oakland have the
supreme satisfaction of knowing that the
money that they pay Into the coffers of
the Contra Costa Water Company is be
ing used partly to prosecute the litiga
tion that is expected not only to restore
the old rates but to bring the water rates
of the city up to a point higher than ever
before.
The constitution of the State of Califor
nia prohibits a water company from col
lecting illegal rates under penalty of the
forfeiture of its plant and franchise.
Judge Hart has issued an Injunction un
der which the Contra Costa Water Com
pany has fixed its own water rates. The
prerogatives of the Oakland City Council
have been usurped by the Contra Costa
Water Company, which has named the
water rates for the city. Under this In
junction the Contra Costa Water Com
pany is collecting the rates that it has it
self fixed, and the people, the Council and
the constitution no longer count. Such
things as the elected representatives of
the people and the organic law of the
State are passe and are to be relegated to
the scrap heap of uselessness when it
comes to dealing with corporations.
Collection of Rates Begins.
The Contra Costa Water Company be
gan the collection of water rates for July
to-day. It is true that the bond of the
company, which it agreed to furnish and
which the injunction order of Judge Hart
requires, was not filed until late this after
noon, but this very slight irregularity
made no difference, and the collection of
water rates began early in the morning.
The Contra Costa Water Company has
Issued Its regular bills for July, but there
has been printed in red ink across the face
of the bill a little Indorsement which
reads:
Received amount specified to be held until
the final determination of the litigation involv
ing validity of ordinance establishing rates
for the year beginning July 1. 1900. and ending
June 30, 1901. If ordinance be held valid,
amount to be applied In payment at legal rate,
balance to be returned, without Interest. If
held invalid amount to be in payment for
water specified.
CONTRA COSTA WATER CO..
bills for July at exactly the same rate a.s
charged under the old water ordinance,
and we are collecting upon that basis.
The agreement that is printed across the
face of the bill is signed by our collec
tors and Is a guarantee to the rate payer
that we will do as we promised about re
bating or refunding the difference should
the ordinance be declared legal. Ot
course, we do not believe that the ordi
nance which would have gone Into effect
at the first of this month Is legal. We
will collect under the old rates and will
hold that money in trust for the rate
payers until a final decision by the court
as to what rate* shall prevail. We have
secured a temporary suspension of the
new ordinance. That is all that I was
fighting for. It remains with the attor
neys to do the rest."
In the afternoon President Watlclnson
filed with County Clerk Jordan the bond
required/ with Alvinza Hayward and Wil
liam J. Dingee as sureties. There was
filed also an agreement with the bond and
copies of the Injunction and the order
granting the injunction. What will be
done now by either side is not being di
vulged, except that the Contra Costa
Water Company is going ahead with its
collection of water rates.
No Move to Examine Books.
The city of Oakland haa secured Its per
mission to examine the books of the
water company and has sixty days in
which to do this work. Though the city
was at liberty to begin work to-day noth
ing In this direction was done. No appli
cation was made to the officials of the
water company for the books, and It was
announced by Attorney Robert Y. Hayne
that the city would not be ready to move
for a day or two.
"Thcv have pot their order for the ex
amination of the books," said President
J. H. T. Watkinson of the Contra Costa
Water Company, "and, of course, we will
allow the examination when they are
ready."
"Are all the books In the possession of
the company?" was asked of Mr. Wat
kinson.
"I have nothing to say upon that
point," replied Mr. Watkinson. "but un
der the order of the court we •will give
them every facility that we possess."
It is a little difficult to discover the
plans of either side. Special Counsel Rob
ert V. Hayne refuses to talk for publica
tion and City Attorney Dow Is out of
town on his vacation. What the city ex
pects to get and what it will get are both
matters of conjecture.
It Is more than probable that Attorney
Hayne •will appeal from the order of
Judge Hart, but what form the appeal
will take is also a matter of conjecture.
Mr. Hayne took an exception to the order
yesterday. Indicating some move of this
kind.
The Bond and Agreement.
The bond and the agreement filed by
the Contra Costa Water Company this
afternoon constitute a very interesting ae
ries of documents, a study In how not to
say things. They read:
' Know all men by th«se prfs»nts:
That the Contra Costa Water Com
l pany, the plaintiff above named, as
principal, and Alvlnza Hayward of the
i county of San Mateo, State of Califor
nia, and William J. Plnjcee of the city
; ami county of San Francisco. In said
Statf, as sureties, are held and firmly
bound unto the city of Oakland, the
Council of the city of Oakland. B. C.
Cuvellier. M. \V. Upton, Felton Taylor,
Anson Barstow, Frank K. Mott. George
R. Stetson. F. R. Glrard. Edwin Meese. '
J. O. Lrmmon, H. D. Howe and Louis
. Schaffer. members of and constituting
¦ t
Rate-Payers of Oakland Compelled by Injunction
to Supply Corporation 'With Means to Carry
on Litigation Against Themselves.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 11.
A wall of rock torn asunder by a heavy
blast of dynamite crushed the residence
of Patrick Fee, 3001 College avenue,
Berkeley, to-day, wrecking the dwelling
and causing its occupants to flee for their
lives. The disaster was due to the use of
too heavy a charge of explosive in the
work of tearing out the mass of rock
which is being destroyed in the grading
of College avenue.
Fee's place looked as if It had been In
the path of a Nebraska cyclone after the
shower of huge bowlders had ceased to
rain upon the debris of his little home
The front of the house was completely
wrecked, all that remained being the
splintered boards and the holes in the
few standing sections, where masses of
stone had been hurled with the violence
of a catapult through the walls.
One great bowlder tore along the front
and swept away the steps and entrances
as cleanly as if they had been cut with a
huge knife. Companion blocks of rock
played havoc with the roof and sides.
There were in the dwelling two or three
persons, including Fee, wno had barely
time to clear out before the wreck. Fee
was slightly cut by a section of the fall
ing walls of his house.
The blast tore up his well-kept gardens
and walks and left little but complete
ruin where had stood a tasty home, sur
rounded with pretty embellishments In
cultivated plants and foliage. Fee de
| clares he win recover for the damage
I wrought to his home, which, it is esti
mated, will reach $1500.
Overcharge of Dynamite at College
Avenue Grading Work Plays
Havoc With the Residence
of Patrick Fee.
Shower of Bowlders Crushes
Cottage and Injures an
Occupant.
HOME WRECKED
IN BLASTING
MASS OF ROCK
Executrix of Jacob Whitver's Estate
Cited to Show Cause Why She
Has Not Paid the
Bequest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
His Broadway, July 11.
After waiting patiently for nearly eight
years for her fhare of the estate of Jacob
J. Whltver. I>ira E. Rurtch has implored
The holp of the law to aid hir in securing
th« property which she claims is due her
under a clause of Whitver's will. Evi
dently coming to the conclusion that if
the (ratted for the executrix of the es
tate. Laura E. Whltver. to pay her legacy
fche would have to wait an indefinite pe
•;:rin, she has had the executrix cited to
appear before Ju/lge Ellsworth to show
cause why she bas not complied with the
terms of the will.
Mrs. Bunch also wants the executrix
to explain why she has not rendered an
account of her administration. She
claim? that the estate came into posses
sion of a sum of money last January and
that no Inventory has bet n filed in court
fcs provided by law.
According to the woman whose patient
•wait has r.-sultrd thus tar in nothing but
j'romises. *h»» should i-.av*- received a por
tion of the money .recently acquired by
the executrix, which, even though the
amount may have been small, would be
welramp after waitir.fr eitrlit years.
Th<- executrix will be grlven a hearing
by Judge Ellsworth on July 23.
After Eight Years Mrs.
Lora E. Burtch De
mands Her Money.
WAITED FOR A
LEGACY THAT
DID NOT COME
PEOPLE FURNISH THE MONEY
FOR WATER COMPANY'S FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
Prominent Citizen Expires Sud
denly at Home, Presumably
• of Heart Disease.
EX- WARDEN HALE
DIES AT OAKLAND
11
MUTES DISPUTE
OVER A FEE
Columbia University has received a to-
tal of $32,000 as anonymous Christmas
cifts. , ••*-"\-,:'r.
Two thousand Hebrew officers are on
the active and reserved lists of the Aus-
trian army.THE SAN FBAISTCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
12
WANTED— Situation, city, by steady experi-
enced Swiss, to do stable work or drive de-
livery wagon or other employment. 120 Sut-
ter st., room 75.
YOUNG man, 31 years of age, German descent,
wishes position in private family; under-
stands horses, gardening; can furnish best of
references. Box J9S4. Call offlce.
YOUNG man, having a knowledge of steno-
graphy and bookkeeping, desires a situation
in some mercantile house; references. Ad-
dress M. G.. 412B Bryant st.
STEADY, reliable young man : understands
care of horses; can milk; good driver; willing
and obliging; well recommended. Box 1972,
Call office.
BARTENDER wants a position: city or coun-
try; flrst-class references. Address 72S 4th st.
STRONG boy would like a position in a store;
has good references. Apply at 12SG Eddy st.
YOUNG man wishes to learn the laundry busi-
ness. Address box 1973, Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man wants position In pri-
vate place; understands care of horses; good
driver; can milk nnd do general work. Ad-
dress J. W.. box 1990. Call offlce.
ELDERLY but<acttve man; for years fvreman
in large vineyards and wineries; wants em-
ployment In cellar to esslst foreman or other
wofk. Box 1987. Call offlce.
GARDENER, married, steady man, wants situa-
tion on private place; take care of horses,
cows, can run gasoline engine; handy with
tools; best references; letters. Gardener, post
box 3S2. San Rafael. Marln Co.
BAKER— First class foreman wants nlace as
such, bread nnd cakes; city or country. Ad-
dress Baker, 221 Third Rt., Oakland..
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country. Box 36C0, Cnll offlce.
A JAPANESE as waiter or houseworker In a
family who speaks and writes English fluent-
ly. J. K.. 22 Prospect ave.
SITUATION wanted by man as Rardener,
hostler or to do general work-around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4100, Call.
AN experienced wheelwright wishes a situa-
tion. D. BOULET, cor. Broadway and Mont-
gomery. Golden Eagle Hotel.
A YOUNG man of refined appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Box 11, San Mateo, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription-
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore nt.
E.TPKRT OI*TICIA>S.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mall. f>Oc: see City Di-
rectory. For Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacle* properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market St.
T69 Geary; f.. 7 r....$3Q| lDloDevlsadero.f., 6r.$19
19S2 Eddy: f.. 6 r.... 2o| 1512 O'Farrell: f.. 4 r. 15
792 Halght; f.. 6 r.. 25 417 Jones; f.. 6r 25
B79 Geary; I., 6 r. 2? M) 72 Webster; f., 6r... 25
A-S-KOOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay-windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417*4 Third.
A CHEAP flat of 4 rooms; yard; cellar. 126
Fern ave.. near Polk and Sutter sts.
DEARBORN. 8, off Seventeenth, near Valencia
— 5 rooms and bath; rent $14 SO.
FULTON. 140— Extra fine flat; 7 rooms; bath;
near City Hall: ?35. __j
GROVE, SIS— Flat of 7 sunny rooms and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnlshcti or unfur-
nlsl'.ed; stable If desired of 4 stalls; carriage
floor; coachman's room, etc.; suitable for phy-
sician: rent ?30 and $35. Apply on premises,
or MADISON ft BURKE.
HYDE, 73L near Sutter— New top flat, 6 rooms,
bath, storeroom: sun all day; electricity and
all modern improvements. Inquire EASTON
6 ELDRIDGE, 63S Market st.
IF vou want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN& HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery.
IVY Ave., 60, near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flnt; four rooms.
NINETEENTH. 33S0, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $18; water free.
$S— REAR flat; 3 large rooms and bath. 610
Castro st. ; .
J12— 5 ROOMS and bath; in good repair. 171SA
Leavenworth st.
FURMTCnE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat, used 8 months;
one of the . most desirable flats In city * for
rent; reasonable. 1310 Larkin St.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $« E0. with No.
7 rang". King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITChE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT,' 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J.- T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 737 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
WANTED
Axmen to make ties, 12c each; box bolts, Jl
cord: shingle bolts, tl 50 a cord; pine
wood, Jl a cord; redwood, 75c a cord; virgin
timber, year's work; 10 men to build
Hume, long Job, $40 and board; 2 laborers for
around mine, $2 a day and steady work; 3
milkers, same ranch, Sonoma County, steady
Job, 123; cook, boarding-house, country. $15:
cook for 5 men, Los Angeles County, $23 and
free fare; crosscut Enwyer, $33, see boss here:
6 pick and shovel laborers, 12 50 a day; 50
railroad laborers, $2 a day and free fare.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clayst.
WANTED— Offlce boy for this offlce; $3 a week.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
20 RAILROAD laborers, new road. $1 50 day
' and board; 10 laborers for mill. $2 25 day; i*
woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle bolt and
shake makers for new Job; laborers for mill
and woods; 130, fare advanced: farmers, min-
ers, laborers for mine, $2 day: car men and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S
Bacramt nto st. " . ' .
WAITER, country hotel JSO. fare paid: 3 ho-
tel cooks. J40. J43 and J30; third cook, country
hotel. $30; restaurant waiters; 2 cooks and
wives, JGO and J63; dishwashers, potwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. C23
Sacramento st.
A — 1C00 MEN to build new railroad and tunnels
for State of Nevada, Los Angeles Co., Ua-
kersfleld. Santa Barbara, $2 a day up; ship
dally, fee $1, free fare; 500 men for the wooda
and sawmills, $30 to J13 and found: eight-
horse mountain teamsters, $40 and found: 50
miners, $2 £0 and $3 a day: B0 farmers, black-
smiths, wheelwrights, cooks, bakers, waiters,
kitchen hands, laundrymen and hundreds of
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1(H Geary st.
MAN and wife, fruit ranch. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
BARF,ERS* Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A good correspondent by city house
to answer country correspondence; must have
had exeprlence. State age, salary, references.
Apply box 1975, Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE young lady desires gentleman
' partner In paying restaurant to attend cash
counter and look after help: $330 required.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
WANTED— A partner with some capital to
patent and develop several useful Inventions;
thorough Investigation Invited. Box 19S2. Call.
WA NTED— Dishwasher. 52S Fourth st.
EOY to learn baker trade; day work; $15 and
board. 1515 Devisadero st.
WANTED — Porter for saloon. '.. Inquire 616 Clay
•St.. S a. m.
PORTER wnr.ted at Oakland Coffee and Lunch
House, 5 EaBt st.
WANTED— A young man to work about lodg-
ing liouee. 32 East St., Dewey House. \
YdUNG man wanted as lunch waiter; German
preferred. NW. corner Fifth and Bryant sts.
WANTED— Bell boy for night work; wages J10.
Apply; Commercial Uotel.
NIGHT cook wanted. 517 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A man to help in kitchen. Jeffer-
son Hotel, Harbor View.
WANTED— A chore man. Jefferson ; Hotel,
Harbor View. •; ;'- :
HELP \VA.\TED — MALE.
WANTED— A lady for companion and assist In
light housework; good home and fair pay for
right party. Call after 2 p. m.. 116 Taylor
street. -
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, Cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H., box 1S24, Call offlce.
WAITRESS wanted at Hotel Repeller, 7S1 Sut-
ler st.
WANTED — Girl for housework: wages $15 to
J1S. 3S39 Twenty-fourth Bt., near Sanchez.
WANTED— Girl to do upstairs work and as-
sist with 2 children. 1230 Ellis St.
COMPETENT German cook wanted; wages J25.
Apply 926 Grove Ft.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Fclsom St., bet. 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t> Va-
lencia i>t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Klllmore st.
WANTED — 300 women to work on fruit can-
ning and preparing: steady work: highest
wages. Apply immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave. between Sev-
enth and Eighth, off Folsom.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market anj Third streets, open
_m:i II o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 517 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:C0 & m.
SC\i Hayos street; open until 9:30 p.^ m.
C9 McAllister street : open until 9:"0 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; o;*-n. until 0:30 p. m.
ll.il Mission street: open until JO p. m.
_2G1 Mission street, comer Sl-teentli; open
until S p. m.
206 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
lOSfi Valencia street; op»n until 9 p. m.
North— CSt corner Twer.ty-secor.d and Ken-
tucky streets: otfn until 9 p. rn.
MEHTIXG NOTICES. J
a
EVENING. July U. at 7:30 o clock, jej^
Thi-J ii-sr.". Hy "Her of the master. «
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sgcretary__
1 *T)F"I 1""Y lsilm N" 120, F. and A. M. •
-pf,eeia! meet_-K THIS (THURSDAY) J4
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, rirst de- 7^J\
— — «. Masons cordially Invited. By/ ~r '
JTREJPE-UCg BARRY. Secretary.
BOt7TH'6AN ? FBA_CCISOO Lodge No. •
-io p and A. It, meets THiS^V,
rfm-HSDAYI EVENING. at l-^JLX
oclok lor iirst decree. By order of '
the master. I-. C. HARE, Secretary.
DOJ1IC !^>d?e No. SM. F. and A. M.-< #
Special noting THIS (THURSDAY) Jl
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First 3e-
jrre,- Masons are Invited. By order AV'
Of the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
FRANCO-XmERICAN Lodye No. .^a____.
.- ' O 0 F.— Installation cf
ofricere on THURSDAY EVEN'-
ING. July 02. 2S00. at t o'clock. '"*
Past CT_r,<3B respectfully rexjuetted to attend.
Bv oraer of E. DAUCHER. N. G.
A. LEON AURA DOIT. Itec. Sec.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. ITS, I. O. j^_j-_Bg»_
¦ i F.— Installation of effiers 1
THIS EVENING. Visiting broth-
em cordially invited^ HCpMAy> y . q ,
Tlin San Fr— ideco Scottish Thlstl« v %T *t«
Club meets THIS (THURSDAT) 5V, &y.'J
EVENING at Fraternity Hall, S3 *W_S_f
O'Farrell Ft., at S o'clock. "*— / "~
JOHN UOSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON'. Recorder.
ANNL'AL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the. stockholders of the San Francisco
and Pan Joaquln Valley Hallway Company
will lie held at the office of the company. No.
V.tl Market St.. San Kranclseo. Cal.. on Tt'ES-
I>AY. the 17th Asy of July. ' 19"0. at the hour
<if 11 o'clock fcrenunn. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ersuing year, and the transaction of such
other buflne«s as may < % ome before the meet-
ing. ALEXANDER MAOKIE. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
ACHNTS can nia ke from $7S to $100 per month
selilnK our canij'aifm books, issues and lead-
ers. •'Batile of 1$KX)"; also W. J. Bryan's new
book, "Rejwblle or Empire?" Send 15c for
outfit and agents' instructions. We give same
terms as Kasn»rn flrn:s. OCCIDENTAL PUB-
LISHING COMPANY. Oakland. Cal.
tibCQ CAN be made during next 6 monttw fcy
rustling ager.ts handling cur white and fancy
r-bbcr collars, cuffs, bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed (guaranteed roods: inclose stamp for spe-
cial plan. M. & M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
SOLICITOR wanted at JALUNSTEIN & PLA-
TO Printing Company, 310 Hayet st.
ASTKOL.OGV.
MP.F. Sadie Dunn, of Pittsburg. Pa., strictly
reliable on all matters pertaining to life and
burine—i horoscope readings. $1. 2710 Sutter.
ATTUtUf-VS AT _A.W.
R. W. KING, attorney at law, SJ7 Market Et.,
rooms €27; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collection-: ail cases: fair fevs;
ni advance charg-es; money loaned on estate..
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
rii fee without fucces?; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, any st law, $.50 Market, cor.Stockton.
AJ^VICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. SI7 Market «.. opp. Mason.
L. P. n.ARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 9J7 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation fr*e: no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
Al •TOMOBILES-FRED WARD & SON.
Agents. 4C Fremont ft.
IJATU^CAniNETS.
ROBINSON $", 4-fsnel folding; door opens; flnn
and raf". W. s. DROWN, e*n. agt. 426 Ellis.
hi:i,«;iv\ hares.
BELGIAN HARES'.'.
Alt the popular strains at greatly reduced
j rloes. CALIFORNIA BEI/31AN HARE AS-
BOCTATIOX. Alameda. Cal.
Tl'KON, Red Rover and Bonanza Prince
bucks; service $! 50 up. 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHOICE pedigreed Belgian hares; cheap. 1009>i
Suttfr St.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,609 Gol-
den Gate ave., S..F., 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
CaJI. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada, one year for $1.
DOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
fHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H.imes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BISIXESS CHANCES.
A — $4oTp: BAKERY establ. many years in lively
country town: place doing a splendid busi-
ness; rent JS>; sickness of proprietor only
cause of sale: fullest investigation EollciteU.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — Iir".0; PARTNER wanted in old-establ. cor.
rrooery and bar on Third et. ; daily receipts
S3.'.: miring partner had to leave for north;
rent $42; l^ase; rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. yi? Kearny Et.
A— J:6 rf :: OOBKKB procery and bar, with 4 liv-
ing rooms, on Mission St.; a first-class paying
business and larjre, fresh stock invoices the
|.rice. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearr :y Ft.
A— STATIONERY, notions and branch bakery
on Mission Ft.; rent $12. including 3 rooms:
owner kept store R years: price J4M. or will
Icvoice. R. G. WILKE. 2C>, Kearny st.
A— J.'." r ': ELEGANTLY fitted saloon: established
ve_rs; in larffe private hotel; rent $40: loca-
tion 2 blocka from Market st. R. G. WILKE,
E«V Kearny st.
A— $S0": PARTNER wanted in coffee ealoon
end rbop hcu?*; close to Market St.: a splen-
did offer for the right man. Call K. G.
MIUUS, 20-a Kearr ly Ft.
A-ii(M; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years ar.d known as a money making place;
best locatlnn: close to Chronicle building. See
R. G. WILKE. 26'£ Kcarnyjc^
A— t'.r.OO; CORNER; wine and liquor "tore: only
cne block from Market; rent $30; horse,
waffor. an<I a larpe stock; splendid paying
business; disagreement of partners cause of
f a'.e. See II. G. WILKE. __ Kearny Et.
j;crifi_-gALOON. centrally located, near Market.
So. l ttork ar.d Jlxtures: clears t2.V! month:
*o|.l only account of sickness in family; best
barrain ever n.Tered. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777'- Market Ft.
|X0»-*aLOON. 1 block from Market St.; fix-
tures and stork worth $15<>0: good reason for
s«»!!inp McLAUGHLIN & CO., 77714 Market.
$::£.", -O A HPKNTER and Jobbing shop: business
location. McLAUGHLIN & CU.. 777^ Market.
J-K«— LAUNDRY rnute; good horse and wajjon:
receipts about *C0 per week. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777V* Market st.
GRAIN warehouse buslnes* embracing engine
nr.'l mill <new>: no competition ; capacity 1000
tf!Ti$; profits :«Rt vear over 11700; Central Ala-
m«l_ Co. : t3(i<Ki buys the entire plant; a rare
i.srpain. H 11. CRANE, tes California _L
FOP. fia>— Country hotel and bar at R. It. de-
l» l. nea»- this city; com plet-ly furnished: all
Al condition: Investigate this. II. II. CRANE.
r'S California st.
CORNER grocery and delicacy north of Mar-
ket: choice i-tock of goods; fine business;
cheap rent; nice, living rooms; opportunity to
run bar if desired. LANE & CO.. SC3 Market.
tlX,, BRANCH bnkery. candy notions, etc.;
P'tod location; r.lce business; rent $15; 3 fur-
tiishad rooms. LANE & CO., S45 Market st.
HM'- RESTAURANT, very elejrantly furnished;
vel! arortb ?1W"O. Apply D. McRAE, 837 MIs-
_on Ft.
$1200— ELEGANTLY furnished rooming liouve.
E1IS* st.; easy terms. D. McRAE. M» Mission.
FIItPT-CLAS'S butcher, about to open meat
market, pood locality, wants partner: no ex-
perience necessary; shop complete with good
lUttires. ic«house, etc. Inquire for particulars
iC35 Mf.rk'.t et.. room 2. «¦
FOR sale— At a bargain: 4 flrst-class saloons:
2 indginjT-houses; 2 clear stores; grocery and
l*rr. Inquire at office, 9J0 Howard »t.. Me-
nniDE & CO., agents.
?jttO— SALOON, in good running order; good
;.ayinc: li< the central part of city; including
C f_rr.iehed rooms; low rent. Box 1977. Call.
FOR rp-le— Retail liquor business, consisting cf
EtOCk. fixtures anj good will of business.
Apply rocm 47. ISO Pine Bt.
jr^ fP— Grocery *nd bar for sale. Key at E.
COHEN "P. C30 Market fit.
FOR «-ale Restaurant: best location In city;
cheap. Inquire 12S O'Farrell tt.
FTRUIT Etore. horse and wagon, with living
room*; selling- account death. Box 19S8. Call.
BAKERY, cigars, laundry and notions; present
owner there ¦ year*. «< Third et,
BUSINESS CHANCES COXTIXUED.
A^isSbTrTrTrrrrrrrrrrrriurTr. ... ?r. ~. . . . . .tt. .$450
Restaurant
Leading r.treet '
North Market
Hardwood furniture
Fine proposition
Risht party
STENBEHG CO.. 935 Market st.
FOR sale— A strictly good business; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon:
lodging-house, 24 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
fleld. Cal.
LEADING hotel in Mlr.terey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
will rent, sell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. Cal.
FOR rale— Cheap; complete outfit of grocery
anj barroom; store to let: cheap rent: leas":
best corner In Mission. Northeast corner of
Dolores and Valley sts. i
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. : fine
location: place is entirely covered; contains 3
" stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. C14 Call bldg.
NOTION, stationery and bazaar; very cheap;
rent paid till September 1; must be cold this
week. Box 1S3S, Call offlc^
FOR Sale— Flirt-class restaurant. Address P.
LAMMERS. 1753^ Miflon st: no agents.
CANDY store for sale; good stock and fixtures;
low rent: no agents. I3S Hayes et. ¦
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFF"EE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rec«lved at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore Et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla st. _
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
27 HOUSES. $200 to $350; part on time.
18 houses of 14 to 20 rooms, $500 to $1100.
21 houses of 15 to 41 rooms; fine, paying big.
Long; list Call on M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market
St.. room 1, nr. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
$1900 — SNAP; 62 rooms; all rented; fine loca-
tlon; near Market Bt. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
' CAMPAIGN PHOTO BCTTOXBJj
Jjrr. of all kinds of photo button- and Jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co., 033 Market Bt.. S. F.
~~~ CAPE NOME.
FOR sal*— - Claim in the Cape Darby Mlnlnsr dis-
trict of Alaska; located on Portage Creek,
near Care Nome. Box 19S0. Call offlce.
CAIU'ET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlsfrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3C3-337 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning: and Dyeing Co.,
342-341 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating a_d Reno-
vating- Co.. 240 ltlh St.: tel. Mission Xi.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., SS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
"<53 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Ft,; tel. Jessie i>44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.:
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping: wa«:on, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nese, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in th»
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postage paid.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE XV. KELLY'S Agency — No charee un-
less successful. Room 210. 927 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. S rooms and bath. 2S35 Twenty-
flfth St.; rent $3.
___________
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison. S58 Mis-
sion St.: readings daily. 25c. BOc and $1; cir-
cles TueFdays. Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening. 10c.
MME. YOUNGS convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister st., 10c: come skeptics.
CONVINCING test Thursday S p. m. ; reading
dally. MRS. MAXWELL. 123S Howard st.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
MRS. DUNHAM medium: readings daily: cir.
Tucs.. Frl.. Z, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER spiritual medium; sittings; G.
$1. L. »0c; cir. Mo.. Wed., Frl.. 10c. 34 gl«th.
PROF OEE, medium: readings, SOc and $1; cir.
every night, 10c. 1206 Market, cor. G. O. ave.
THIS week only-Full sittings 25c. "WATSON,
medium, palmist. 13S1 Market at., near l_th.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: ¦sitting $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past.
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
Fecr^; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11«7 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies Me,
pents $1; palm. & clalr.; Fit. ft 50. 126 Turk st.
MIKS AIMEE, gifted clairvoyant, card reader.
;S6 Natoma St.. near 4th; Thur.. Frl.. Sat.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader: pact,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader; advice on all
business affairs, 2SC up.R23 Mission st. ;rlng bell.
MME. ZEREDA.the gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh Ft.; no sign.
MME. RENNER. S1SH Geary (Saratoga court),
clairvoyant, life and plant reader; ladles: 25c.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921V4 Mission, op.llint.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay: 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME FCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: "business
advice: names given; 2Dc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
fcar.d's picture; 2i>c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Unl:ed States or Car.ada one year for {1,
postage paid.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. » O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, CO;; gas given. ;
. — , &
PLATES from J5: crowns, $3 SO: fillings, COc.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bu*—
Full set of teeth. $1: crowns. $3; fillings. 2Jc.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
_ United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dcg Hosplt-Tr^o^tT^lllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRCREELrS CP.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Gold«m Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
6. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market Bt.. above Sixth,
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over: perfect tit.
MME. REMBERT, £30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
echool; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ir.s. pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor&Moflatt.
A NEAT nurse girl wanted. 1S36 Sutter ft.
WANTED— A reliable nurse grlrl. 154S Post st.
WANTED— Sewers on Indies' wrappers; steady
work; good pay. MARK BROS., 1212 Market.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough and Grove sts.
HUSTLING younK man (married), with wide
business acquaintance in city, wants position
as city salesman or collector for reliable firm;
unlimited references. Address box 1976, Call
offlce.
1331 PLO VME.\T WA XTE1) M ALK.
POSITION by all-round general mechanic; ex-
perienced as foreman machinist, draughtsman,
master mechanic, erecting and operating ma-
chinery; 15 years handling men: steady and
a hustler: good reference; go anywhere. Ad-
dress box 197$, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 £0 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EXPERT darner and mender. Box 35C5, Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work In private family. Please call at 12
Eleventh st.
ELDERLY lady wishes a position as house-
keeper for a email family short distance in
the country. Box 19S9. Call office.
WANTED — By respectable young woman; po-
sition as housekeeper In small family. Call
or address E. B.. S04 Geary st.
WANTED — By a young woman position to
tend bakery etore. Call or address E. B.. S(/4
Geary st.
WANTED— A child to board; good home;
mother's care. Call 733 Harrison, downstairs.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes to eew for
private families; will also take sewing home;
good reference. Box 1981, Call office^
A COMPETENT woman would do housekeep-
ing for reliable parties. Address box 2793,
\ Call office, Oakland.
A LADY with experience would like a position
as compositor. Address MISS L. WACKMAN,
663 Plr.e st.
A YOUNG' girt wishes a situation to take care
of children; sleep home. Call or address 1305
Greenwich st.. near Larkin.
A PROTESTANT woman, first-class cook, ex-
cellent baker, clean and careful; small private
family: light work and small wages. 770 Har-
rison et.
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework in an American family; wages $18.
Call at 12 Rltch St., off Kolsom, between
Third and Fourth.
GIRL, aged 16, wishes to do light upstairs work
or take care of children; wages $10. Call or
address 632 Elizabeth St.. off Castro.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires siuation;
also Swedish second girl; references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED North German lady, thor-
oughly competent hotel cook, wishes posi-
tion as country hotel cook or in mining: camp.
Address Mrs. J. J.. 647 Mission st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
. tractor; establ. over 10" years: all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japansse-Chlness omp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay 86.
OKPHEUM Kmployment Otflce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 428.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06% Stockton.
.EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market Bt.: life
scholarship, $30; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
£0 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 303 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 903 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. ir. (ir.h.
SCHOOL^ OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater.. 310
O'Faprell: positions grntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.: founded 1863; 80-page catalogue tree.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts Echool; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
HELP WAKTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 waitresses, city, $20; 4 waitresses, springs,
$20 and $25; 6 waitresses, commercial hotels,
$23; S waitresses, country hotels, $20; waitress.
State of Nevada $25 fare paid; 3 straight
chambermaids, $18 and $20; 4 chambermaids
to wait, city and resorts, $20; pastry cook,
city hotel. $40.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman of cheerful disposition to take care
of Invalid lady, $25; S nursegirls, $15, $20;
woman desiring good home in country, to do
housework, $25, fare paid, call early; and 25
.housegirlB, city and country. $10. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WOMAN to wash one day each week; also wo-
man to Iron one day each week; steady
places; $1 day and carfare; no fees. C. It.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— HOTEL cook, Santa Cruz. $35; chamber-
maid and waitress, same place, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I A— TWO German -cooks; city, $35 and $30; 4 cooks,
I $23 each; housework, Pleasanton $20 2 in fam-
ily. San Jose $20. ISelvedere, $25, Alameda $25.
Berkeley $20 Santa Clara $20. Sacramento Co.
$25, San Mateo $23, and several other towns;
second girl. $20; 20 housework girls, city, $20
and $25; 2 chambermaids and waitresses. Mill
Valley, $20 each: 4 waitresses, city hotels, $."0
each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
A— COLORED girl, housework, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Protestant girl, general housework,
2 in family, short distance. $30: cook, pri-
vate family, short distance. $30; 2 waitresses,
, came place, springs. $20; second girl for
Berkeley, $20; 6 waitresses, private boarding-
houses, city. $20; 4 girls for second work. $20;
chambermaid, Oakland. $20. and a large num-
ber of girls for general housework, city and
country, at best of wages. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT, 31S Sutter et. _.
A GERMAN woman to cook for about 40 peo-
ple; no bread baking: help In kitchen; $32 50
a month. MRS. LAMBERT, 413 Powell st.
A COMPETENT lady's maid, city, $2o. MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell et.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, 32% Fremont st.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Girl; good plain cook; small wash-
Ing; Scandinavian preferred; wages $25; refer-
ences required; apply from 3 to 8 p. m. 1403
Jackson st., corner Nineteenth, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS hand to take work home on
cording underskirts. etc. H. FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell St.
WANTED— Scandinavian or American girl;
general housework; plain cooking; good home;
small family. 251 Scott st.
EXPERIENCED Ironers on ladles' and chil-
dren's wear; also Klrls to learn ironing at
. United States Laundry, 16th St., nr. Valencia.
WANTED— A bright, intelligent girl as cashier
and saleslady in store. Apply Bee Hive Shoe
Co., 717 Market st.
GERMAN girl to assist with grown children
and light housework; wages $20. Apply 1212
Masonic ave.. near Height st.
YOUNG girl for general housework In small
family of adults; $15. 315 Scott st.
A RELIABLE woman to dust and clean stock
in large establishment. Inquire 6 Ninth St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for two chll-
dren. 2612 California st.
GIRL, family of 3; housework; $8 or $10 per
month. 1609 McAllister st.
WANTED— Girls experienced In pasting labels.
Apply after 9 a. m. 141 Fremont st.
WANTED— A German girl waitress for a coun-
try hotel. Apply at 616 Clay st.
BOOK folders wanted; experienced hands. F.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Experienced starchroom hands.
Call at Modern Laundry C. 355 Eighth st. '
GIRL to assist in housework. Call between 6
and 9 p. m., 3184 Twenty-second st.
WANTED — Apprentices. Dressmaker, 675 Bush
street. _________
GIRL to learn tailoring; good sewer paid while
learning. 273 Minna st^
WANTED— Reliable girl to assist In house-
work; a family of two. 2S33 Pine st.
WANTED— An experienced waitress. Call at
residence, 1S& Washington ave^
WOMAN— Work in lodging-house a few hours
each day; -wages small. 441 Geary Bt.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
X^MURRAY^READTTrr?PHON r E'MAIN 5S48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
: Want 7 a. m. To-Day
WE SHIP FREE
7263 men for all parts of California, Utah,
; Washington. Arizona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon. Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day.
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. m. .for S. P. R. R- labor-
ers and teamsters \ $2 and $2 23 a day
.»..'. ......COME ONE-iCOME ALL
FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division tree
Wadswortb. (Nev.) division tree
Sacramento (Cal.) division — free
Western, Fresno. Madera, Bakersfleld di-
visions f, ree
Coast divisions of California ...free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
mulr fr . e , e '
laborers, teamsters, etc., regular wages paid.
office fee $1 tTee J.* r S
FREE FAIFJ CALL EARLY
. 36 drillers and hammermen ? <•>
150 laborers. Inside work, free fare |W
25 hard-rock miners *' a
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenters for R. R. and bridge work.........
free fare
32"biacksmithV."horseshoers. wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers, $3, ?2 50, ?2 day; $M, $60, ?jO,
$43, $40. $30 and found; come, see
5 coopers ¦» brick molders
1 3 harness-makers •••¦•
6 cabinet-makers spool tenders
coremaker and 63 other mechanics, wages run
from $4 $3 00, $3, $2 CO, $2 a day and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— COME and set our list, containing 7236 dif-
ferent Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A-STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country, $.*0, $40.
$35 $30 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
, $1 75 day
120 men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL
386 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 50, $2 25, $2, Jl 73 day; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAIRIES. HAY
....PRESSES. VINEYARDS, HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS
Fruit pickers $26 and ?30 and found
326 farm hands $35, ?3i>. $26 and found
125 haying hands $1 23 to $1 50 day and fd |
36 harvest hands, $1 50 to $2 a day and found;
56 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers. $40, $35, 130 and found; come, see....
36 chore men and boys, $.:t>, $26, $23, $2i>, $13
and found
Superintendent for large orchard and vineyard.
....MURRAY & READY. 634-635 Clay St.
A— TO MINKS MINES
GOLD MIXES, SILVER MINES. OTHER
MIXES t.
53 miners, single hand, different Jobs $75 \
6 machine miners, gold mines $W
82 miners, single hand, excellent job
$C0 and found
62 laborers for a large mine, $40 and $4S per
month. Including board and lodgings; If you
give satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
at $60 per month with board and lodgings;
special, good! steady jobs; remember all the
above laborers for all mines need "no experl-
1S5 laborers, different mines'. $50, $43. $42, $4»!
$35 and found, fares from $1 r,0. COMB. SEE
CROWDS MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634-63G Clay st.
A— BAKERS. .BUTCHERS. .LAUNDRY HELP j
15 bakers first, second and third hands, $35. I
$50. $45, $40, $35 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand, $30; second hand, $-10
• and found, same country Job, boas here and i
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work in bakeries, $20, j
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers,, shops, wagons, slaughter houses. }
etc.. $40. $33. $30 and found: COME. SEE
Jo laundrymen, washers, markers, starchers,
polishers, ironers. etc.. $3o, $40, |30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
A-HOTEL. . ..CANDY. . . .and OTHER PEPTS
53 cooks, nlso 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $05. $60. $:»5. $50, $43, $40. $35, $30, $23
and found; 32 waiters. COME SEE. $35. $30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps,
$30 and found: YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country
$30, $25. *20 and found:
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter,
sawmill company
man to help in bakery of a mine $30 and fd
lunch counter man ....$35 and found
candymaker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mines, restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmill! 1 , shops, factories, hay
presses, resorts. Institution?, etc. MURRAY
& READY, G34 and C36 Clay st.
A — 10 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERS
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS, TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK, USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 631
and 636 Clay st.
; AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 23 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
563 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to $40 per
: month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark pesters. $40 ami
found; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners. Rang edgermen. In
fact, we- want help of every description for
¦ sawmill?, woods, etc.. $S0, $75, $90, $120, $60,
$.10. $40, $30 and found: 5S4 woodehoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found; some at mines,
$3, $2 50, $2. $1 f-0. $1 and 73c cord: shingle
Joiner, shingle packer: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOREMAN for woods; also foreman for saw-
mill: also 20 woodsmen, all for Oregon; car-
penters lor ranches; blacksmith for a foun-
dry, $3 a day; 6 ironmoklers, $3 60 a day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — As collector, man who can speak
Spanish; good salary. Apply E. C. EITTLE,
room 6, 4C5 Montgomery st.
GOOD barber for 3 months' voyage on steamer;
good for $i0Q. Inquire H. Bernard. 104 7th at.
"WANTED — A lunch waiter at MO Twentieth
St.. Potrero.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting, ?5o to
tOc. 5G2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED—
Laboring men. $1 S5 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men. $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS.
Keswlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
A FIRST-CLAPS carver nnd a furniture de-
signer. FINK & SCHINDLEU. 13^9 Market.
WANTED- Walter at Helvetia Hotel. 431
Pine st. - •
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navyt able-bcdled. unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over fii feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally 'declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recrutttng Of-
fice 40 Ellis St.. San Franciaeo, Cal., 530 K
St.. Sacramento, Cal., or IOCS .1 st.. Fresno. Ca).
FIRST-CLASS body-maker at O'BRIEN &
SONS'. 500 Oolden Gate ave.
WANTED— Steady man; light indcer work;
• will pay $60 per month, with chance of in-
creasc; small capital. 1016 Market, room 10.
ALL Blzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
JEWELERS— 328 Bush St.. third flocr. room 4.
WANTED — 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th St.. near Guerrero;
EanFranclsco Construction Company.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to .know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 Third St.; 130 large
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wages whll» learning; cntalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer; 16
¦ — —years' practice; 1 Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the f?rry.
LINPKLL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements an-1
subscriptions has been established at 1C94 Va-
lenpln rt.
HimSKS. I..1V1-: MOl.K. Kte Kor •wile
A~CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds; the horses can be seen now at
, the Stanlford Stables. 20S-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bustles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
\ 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
'SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market St.: Castro
" et. cars pass the door. •
FINE carriage horse for sale; works single or
double: will not shy. 907 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. TJMIJSEN * CO.. 11 Montgomery.
. ¦ ¦ • - ¦¦ " . ¦
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— Small purse containing $52 on Sacra-
mento-st cars or on Soruce st., between Sac-
ramento and Clay sts. Reward paid at 23
California at., city.
LOST — Large pointer dog. brown and white;
leather collar and short rope attached. Re-
turn to Lick House and receive suitable re-
ward.
LOST— Gold telescope pencil and fob on Mar-
ket st. Reward, address box 1379. Call office.
LOST— A large Maltese cat. Sunday. 1219 Filt-
more st. ; reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DrT~KOHL. removed to ¦;*« Eddy st.. the I
well-known and reliable ladles' physician; |
guaranteed treatment ar office. $3; a homt for ;
patients before and during confinement: con- '
sultatlon free and confidential: hours. 9 to 5 I
and 7 to 8; Sundays. 10 to 2. 445 Eddy St.. bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. th* w.irld-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treatea thou- 1
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation frf-e. After all
others fail call on him. 1C-34 Market st.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.; re-
liable Indies' rpecialists: 30 years* practice;
patients' private home; positive cure at of- ;
fice; celebrated Hindoo Herb home treat-
m"nt; send for -Circular. |
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist. I
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases with
euccess; 13 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1C07U Market s_, near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yra. 1
practice; home in conflnement: treatment at
office. $5; any aliment: consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Lark:n.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies" spe-
cialist; home In conflnment; safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late ot Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento,cor.Kearny;advtce free.
DR. WISE <YS). the ladies' specialist. U1S
Market st. ; every case guaranteed; $3 up.
NICE reliable home for conflnement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. 'WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mnson st.
.MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
EO1LISRS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. ilc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 19&-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; wa always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on h.ind;
22 complete outfits on ou» floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019. 1C21. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
ANOTHER Standard callgraph typewriter re-
modeled; prints like new; J25; will send for
trial ami examination. L. &. M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st.
A— BUYS, sells or renL_ gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Fpearj-T
$23— FOR rale, fine telescope. 40-mile power. 19
inches closed. CO Inches open; trade fcr Win-
chester shotgun. 162:> Grove St., Oakland.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl ;3. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FOR PALE— 2 half-breed Dane and New-
foundland pups at 233 Sanchez st.
$60-CIGAR store and laundrf; 1S2S Market st.;
rent ?10. Call from 9 to 5.
JND-11AXD engines, boilers, dvnamos. motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. SIS Mission.
VERT hand^cme mountain lion skin rug; price
$100. 1S05 Halght tt.
8-LB. steel T rail Tor «ale cheap. BURNSTINE
BROS.. C3S Hrannan st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo si.yplies; selling
cheap. \V. A. HARTTER. S13 Examiner bids.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced -price,
$75; concert records, $1 50. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood |
planers; lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke. ]» Beale. j
SECOND-HAND fireproof *afe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof sat?; cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit. tlO; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. DULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 218 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN'N SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market »t.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: S locomotives. 220 Fremont.
!UliCKLI,A.\i:otS WAJITS.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices f»r.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
IY you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where R. McCOLflAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: life Insurance. Room 18, first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLO RAN A OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S45 Market
tt.: tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service' money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
. ± — —
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or planes: no removal: any amount:
lowest rate-. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9.^respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY leaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 4t. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum. lst*>r 2nd mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. COD Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 115 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Dlrcount Agencv. H3 Phelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTIIUMEXTS.
WE have only one of the $1S5 bargains left new;
If you want It come at once. MAUVAIS', 703
Market st.
PACKARD onrnns, for parlor or church use. 1
are way ahead of all others; cases ar* high
and low: prices arc all low. MAUVAIS'. 763 I
Market st. j
DECKER A. Son. Packard and Boothe Bros.'
are our treat sellers; call and see the fine !
stylos and low prices; we have some good '
squares at almost your own figure
MAUVAIS*. 763 Market st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every trade- from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and a* our Installment pay-
ments ore easier than those of other dealers,
we ar« the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos, %6 cash $6 per
month: other pianos, jr.. $4 and i." per month I
SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.. Stelnway Dealers I
cor. -Kearny ar.d Putter sts.. San Francisco. I
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland. f
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; plano3. organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
custOTi.er.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to 9.T3
Market st., between Fifth and Sixth, next to
Hnlo Bros.; reduction sale will continue for
two weeks to make rocm for new stock: open '
evenings: agency for the celebrated Shor.!n<?er
& Eehnlns pianos. New York.
A NICE upright $60
A better one lot)
Fischer upright, good condition 165
And 50 other good second-hand bargains.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1C 6'Farrell st.
EOHMER S: CO.. Byron Mauzv. Gabler. Haniil-
ton pianos. SOS Post Bt.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment 13
per month. ' SCHMIT?:. 16 McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of plinos this week for
storage. "WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market
"W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. asent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerlng. $150; Installments
$5 to $10; rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis St.
MUSICAL IXSTIIUJ-E.WS.
AN elegant high grade, three-pedal ******
piano offered this week at a sacrifice. Room _
12. Flood building. ; ~
REDUCTION saI7: new planoj._ K payments;
for rent. t_ up. BRUENN. 208 Postjlt;
PALMISTRY.
MM^TNeergardT Pres" St. Germain College ot
Palmistry: read* 1 to 9. 616 Geary, nr. Jonea.
" rASTLRAUE. •
it^tO^OO^kcre^gTeerrvaavaT^. clover and wild
gra*»?s mixed, for horses or cattle, if or
terms apply A. B. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PEKSOXALS.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also>
chenl!!e-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
$2 CO MEN'S shoes for $1 50 a pair at th» Be«
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st.. near Third.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel 4» Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
I3c to $1 50 per night; $1 30 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 325 Dupont st.
LEDERER Is the hairdresser that gives you tha
very latest hair styles for 23c; Foajno Sham-
poo r.c rkc. 122 Stockton st. ______
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward:
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at.
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER sells fine Switches for only $1: mak»
them of your own hair at a small price.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 34
Kearny St.. room 11. cures nervousness. ln-
somlnla. blindness. Blight's disease, runture
AHLBORN House. 119 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
tng German-American hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per day and up; finest meals In city. 23c.
LEDERER'S Qnlntonlca hair tonic cleanses. '
gives a fine gloss: nothing like It; 35c bot.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
8S0 Market St., second floor, room $7. '
LADIES' and gents' ea<!t-ofl clothing bought and
sold. Silver— ;an. 984 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
Ing Co.. Examiner building, iwm 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1: at all druxirists.-
CAST-OFF clothlng.old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 50« Kearny _t-
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 260S Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner 3331.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for tl.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE lean kodaks free; photo rupplle_. Backus
studio. 11 Geary st.. rmnnd and t"p floor*.
PHYSICIAXS AXD Sl'RGE^OXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
lCilH Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
IlEAt. JS1ATL C1TV KOR SAX.B.
SOL CETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUU-DINO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK XX>T3.
No— Is the time to buy ¦while urlces axe low.
$4:0 to $S0O— Sunset lots, sewered and graded:
all ready to build en; In excellent locations; $10
monthly.
$_O to $300 — Choicest Richmond Iota; $10
monthly.
$73 to $30O-Bu!!d!nsr lots near Mission st. and
San Muteo electric cars and Ocean View; all
level; no grading; $5 monthly.
$630 to $1000 for small cottages In excellent
locations near cars; payments earns as rent.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL OETZ < * > BROT^ oc _ EB
$^00— MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller st.. near Pierce. 1 block from 1
Hai;ht-st. cars: finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings, S wood mantels, hard-tln-
Ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance 150 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale—A Bargain: at North Beach: neir
house of 9 room;", with concrete foundation,
hlffh basement, patent closets, enameled tubs;
fine marine view. Box 35C9, Call office.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and Mtlmatej furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mlsaion at.
MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath. Sea
owner at 141 Twenty-seventh st.
RIOAli ESTATE COVSTRY For S_I«
FOR sale or rent, at Mill Valley, two 5-room
cottages; modern improvements; fm!t tree*
and vines of every variety. Address J.
ADAMS. Corte Madera.. Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledse-each .of U\»
5000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents in this city.
K. D- S1CKEL3. the land agent. « Geary.
A— PRINTED list. M. . GRIFFIN. 719 Market
St., city and country property sold or exchngJ.
FOR sale— Good-paying Investment: countrv
hotel: rented at X*>. For particulars -apply at
southwest corner TMrtv and Taylor -ta.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange— Acre- and cottage; 8aa
Rafael. C. HENDERSON. 304 Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EI>D>yT 91" — Very desirable sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; no children.
ELEVENTH. 106 — Connecting housekeeping
rooms; complete: also single; upstairs.
FILMORE. J212. near Clay— $10: 3 la— je. sunny. \
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water. *
FOLSOM, MS— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping : hot and cold water: range.
FURNISHED apartment, parlor, 2 bedrooms _ s
kitchen; rent $11. Apply at store. 515 Second.
HOWARD, 10«l — 1 sunny and also 2 completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; running
water; $9.
McALLISTER. 408 — 4 rooms for housekeeping;
bath and yard; rent $10.
MISSION. 1719— To let: furnished rooms for
housekeeping; complete: no children,
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow room, mantle and eas; suitable for two
persons: $10.
SILVER. 165. near Fourtri — Parlor and kitchen,
furnished for housekeeping.
TEHAMA, 47S. near Sixth— $12; 3 furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
THIRD. 340— One room complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $3.
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house*
keeping. $12 to $18; also single rooms for
gentlemen. $S. Jl- a month.
4 SMALL unfurn. rooms: $2 50 each; located
Fifth and Market. Particulars 342 Kearny st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and,
subrci Iptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lenci.i st. *
UOOM.S TO LET — Fnrn. and lnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $i per week, ant
II3M housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364>l^FurI
r.ished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 473 — Two bright sunny rooms; gas; run-
ning water: $0 and $7 month.
ELLIS. 623. cor. Larkin— Sunny front room;,
folding bed: V.'elsbach lights; suitable for «¦ \
FOLs6m. 9*3. cor. 6tb <The Oliver)— Newly fu*-T
nished sunny rooms, tingle or suites; reasonbi.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites cr single; travelers acco'dated.
GEARY. i£6— Elegant sunny parlor suite; ptano.
telephone: other rocma; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 282— Elegantly furnished stn-
gle or double room; gas; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seven tn
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suits or
- slr.gle; ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GRAND Ave.. 7. off Mission, bet Ninth and
Tenth— Sunny front room; $4 month.
HOTEL Franciso— Elegant suites: single; tran-
tlent: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 9<t9. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rcoma reasonable; by day, week or month.
JESSIE. a.'UTj. near Sixth— Furnished sunny
front room for two men; with or without
board; In quiet, private family.
MARKET. 1CJ5, between Sixth and Seventh—
Sunny furnished double 1 rooms: $S month.
McALLISTER. 1030— Very sunny front room;
<iui-t; $$,
MINNA. C67. cor.. Eighth— New furnished bay-
wlndo— room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished
rooms; S."c a day up; $2 a weefc up: transient.
OAK.' 119— Floor of 5 rooms, bath. $14; 2 fur-
nished rooms. $10; single. $8.
O'FARRELL. !C— Sunny furnished rooms tJm±
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk. fco.
POWELL. 121— Llsht. clean rms.; suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water; rate* rcduc--uCOVEIX)," July 11.— Richard Briggs, an
Indian 40 years old, robbed the house of
L. D. Montague Jr. Saturday night, car
rying away several -- hundred .dollars'
worth of valuables. s Hl6. shoes were- full
of hobnails, making tracking easy. He
was arrested andpleaded not guilty. He
was bound over to the Superior Court for
triaL .-¦¦-- --¦ ¦ v -
Burglar Arrested.
Is the Oldest Congregational Clergy
man in the Country.
STOCKTON, July 11.— Rev. Dr. J. c.
Holbrook, the oldest Congregational cler
gyman in the country, is lying seriously III
at the home of his daughter in this city.
He fell while getting out of bed Sunday
night and broke the end of his right
thigh bone, which/owing to his great age,
will not heal. He" is In his ninety-third
year and is yet clear Inmind and was ac
tive until the accident which crippled him
It Is feared he cannot long survive, owing
t,o his advanced age. ,
REV. J. C. HOLBROOK " ILIi.
CONTRACTS APPROVED
BY CARTER'S SUPERIORS
Chief Clerk Sterley's Testimony in
Green-Gaynor Extradition
Proceedings.
NEW YORK, July 11.— The hearing in
the proceedings for the removal of B. L).
Greene and J. F. and E. R. Gaynor to
the jurisdiction of the Georgia Federal
Court, was resumed to-day before United
States Commissioner Shields. J. W. O.
Sterley, who was chief clerk under Cap
tain Carter, identified one by one the
various contracts made by General Gil
more and Captain Carter for the Govern
ment work and Mr. Erwin ottered them in
evidence. Some of them dated back to
1SS4. Counsel for defense objected to
them, but Commissioner Shields overruled
all objections. Mr. Rose of counsel for
the defense argued that General Gilmore
was not suspected of any complicity in
the frauds and the District Attorney ex
plained that he desired the contracts
made by General Gilmore In evidence to
show how the prices had increased after
Captain Carter had sole control of the
bids put in by contractors. .
Cross-examined, ' Sterley testified that
every one of tho contracts Introduced was
approved by one or more officers superior
to Captain Carter. Two or three of them
wore approved by the Secretary of War.
Captain Gillette, who in July took charge
of the Southern harbor improvement
work, identified drawings of log and
brush mantles built by the Gaynors under
a contract with General Gilmore and sim
ilar drawings of work done by them under
contracts made with Captain Carter. Mr.
Erwin, replying to the objections of tho
defense, said there was a difference of
nearly 400 per cent in the prices charged.
Captain Gillette was still on the stand
when the court adjourned until to-mor
roW< •
OFFICIALS CONFER IN
' THE CASE OF NEELY
Court Insists on the Government Go
ing More Deeply Into the
Evidence.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— A conference
of Government officials was held to-day
in the .Department of Justice on the case
of C. F. W. Ncely, charged with embez
zling Cuban postal funds and now in jail
in New York, pending the settlement of
t>e question of his surrender to the Cuban
authorities for removal to Havana for
trial. . .
At the conclusion of the conference At
torney General Grigga said it had been
called for the purpose of advising with
United States Attorney Baldwin of New
York In the preparation of the "ease, which
will be heard by Judge Lacombe, on the
23d inst. The Judge, it was stated, had
insisted on the Government going more
deeply into the evidence than was usual In
such cases and an effort will be made to
fully meet his views, in the matter.
STATCTS OF MEAT BILL.
German Restriction Will Not Go Into
Effect Until Autumn.
BERLIN, July 11.— The Reichsanzeiger
to-night publishes 'the text of the meat
bill, but- the time at which the measure
will go into effect was not definitely stat
ed. The Associated Fress learns from a
reliable source that the measure will not
become effective befor autumn. The Lib
eral press points out the singular fact
that the German navy, which admitted
it was satisfied for many years with
American canned meats. Js now vainly
trying to obtain these goods for the out
fitting of the warships destined for China,
and is obliged to take English , canned
meats and to banish. sausages, and no
German goods are obtainable.
SALARIES REDUCED.
Notice Served Upon American Em
ployes at Paris Exposition.
PARIS, July., .11.— Ferdinand \V. Peck,
United States: Commissioner General to
the Paris Exposition, to-day decided to
make a general , reduction In the salaries
of the employes of the commission and
notices to this effect were sent to nearly
all on the salary list, informing them that
after Augrust 1 -their compensation would
be at a lower rate, tho reduction ranging
from 10 to 30 per cent.
"Will Issue Bonds.
. ST. HELENA. July 11.— At a bond elec
tion held here for the purpose of raising
funds. for a new schoolhouse the proposi
tion carried by a vote of 160 to 63. Three
limes r before ," an election failed.' The
amount to be raised is $24,000. divided -Into
twenty bonds of $1200 each, Interest at 5
per cent, interest paj'able : seml-annually.
Th© building will probably be o£ stone.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. July 11.
Stmr San Juan, Friele, 10V4 days from Cape I
Nome.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, 71 hours fm ,
I Grays Harbor.
| Pchr Archie and Fontie, Johansen. 18 hours j
from Fisks Mill.
" ?chr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 16 hours from
Bowens Landin™.
Schr Mary E Rus.», Wlkender, 7 days from
Taeoma.
CLBARKP.
Wednesday. July 11.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 11.
Br stmr Motina. Carey, Honolulu and Sydney,
i Stmr Prosreso, Stalling. Taeoma.
¦ Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle.
SPOKEN.
June 9—27 S 46 W. phip Henry Falling, from
New York for Honolulu.
June 20—% N 31 W. Br ship Gen Gordon, hce
March 10 for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA. July 10— Br stmr Robert Adam
son, hence July 6 for Nanalmo. is at this port
with a broken crankpin.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 11— Chll bark Bertha,
Arrived July 11— Stmr Ruth, from Skaguay;
stmr Cottage City, from Skaguay.
CAPE NOME— In port June 2S— Stmr Ga
ronne, from Seattle; stmr Chas I) Lane, from
Seattle: stmr Farallon, from Seattle: barge
Mercury, from Seattle; barge Skookum, from
Seattle: schr Spokane, from Seattle; schr Cas
co, from Seattle.-
BANDON— Sailed July 11— Schr Joseph and
Henry, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed July 10— Schr Beu
lah, for San Francisco.
CAPE NOME— Arrived June 2S— Schr Sailor
Boy, from Port Hadlock.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 11— Schr Roy
Somers, hence June 30; schr Queen, hence June
23: schr C. H. Merchant, hence June 23; scbr
Chas Hanson, from Bristol Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 11— Stmr
Ohio, from Cape Nome; Br stmr Pale Ling, fm
Yokohama.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 10— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed July 10— Stmr Alllanca. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOTJTH— Arrived July 10— Br ship Kel
burn. hence March 8.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to July 10— Stmr
Mariposa. hence June 13.
1 OUAYMAS — Sailed July 7— Schr Zatnna, for
Grays Harbor.
CALLAO— Arrived June 24— Br bark Conway
Castle, from Seattle.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 19— Ger itmr Aby
dos.for San Francisco.
MANILA— Arrived July 9— Br stmr Brecon
shire, from Taeoma.
FALMOUTH-Arrlved July 11-Br ship Pe
leus, hence March 8.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 10— Br stmr Em
press cf Japan, from Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TENERIFFE— Arrived July 1— Stmr Hathor,
from San Franciseo for Hamburg.
CHERBOURG — Arrived July 11— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 11— Stmr Kaiser
Marie Therese. from Bremen.
Sailed July 11— Str New York, for Southamp
ton; stmr Noordland, for Antwerp: Btmr Oce
anic for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 11— Stmr Majes
tic from New York. ¦
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July II— Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographtc Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
¦ July ll, 1900. '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
butldlng was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C, G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Pauline. Arthur, Alvina, Herman, Otto, Tll
lle, Rudolph, Amelia R.. William, Minnie and
Emil Klumpp. "H. E. and Pauline Muller
(Klumpp) to Mercedes Oramus (single), lot on
S line of Sacramento street, 100 W of Larkin,
W 27:6 by S U8:2'i: $10.
Bank of California to Mary S. Halght, lot on
S line of Green street. 124 14-40 E of Van Ness
avenue, S 87:6, E IS, NE 6, >J 85:2%, W 24 26-40;
J5.
George W. and Mary S. Haight to Edward
W. and Catherine A. I-araler, same; $10.
Moses Adler and Julius Jacobs (executors es
tate of Charles Adler and Adeline Adler) to
Annie or Annie M. O'Connell, lot on S line of
Post street, 110 W of Polk, W 27:6 by S 120;
$7500.
Frank KaMn to Elsie J. Shaw, lot on N line
of Grove street. 87:6 J3 of Webster, E 25 by N
137 :G; $1.
John Hinkel to same, same; $1.
Helen K. and Clara Marshall, Anna O. Rug
gles (Clark), (wife of James D.). Marguerite
Moulinier and Josephine. B. Wright to James
B. Murray, lot on S line' of Golden Gate ave
nue, 110 W of Pieicff street. W 25 by S 110; $10.
Diedrlch and AugUFte Poll to Hermann Al
bert, half of lot on S line of Waller street, 131:3
E or Stanyan, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Ruffina Nicro to Vincent Nigro, lot on SW
] line of .Ninth street, 125 NW of Bryant, NW 25
I by SW 100; 110.
; Eugene Hoffman to Henry and Helene Mun
ster, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 205. E of
Castro, E M by S 114; $10.
Evariste and Mathilde ChataJn to Gustave
Niebaum, lot on W line of Mission street, 157:6
S of Twenty-sixth, S 32:6 by W 125; $10.
Estate of Joan N. G. Hunter (by A. F. Mor
rison and O. B. Martin, executors) to Rosalie
Kaure, lot on E line of Belden place, 77:6 S of
Pine street. S 20 by K 60; *S00O.
Alexander Kllnger to Ajjnes M. Bru, lot on
W line of Jolce street, 117:6 S of California, a
2U by W 52; $10.
Giovanni and Isollana. Roesi to Antonio Sa.
batino. lot on S line of Kussell street, 60 W
of Hyde. W 20 by S 60; J10.
Antonio and Theresa Chicizola to Jow Won,
lot on X line of Washington street, 137:6 W of
Dupont. W 32 by N 75; $10.
Margaret Casey to Sarah E. Tracy, lot on SE
line of Xatoma street, 75 SW of Fifth, SW 25
by SE 80; gift.
John GL and Pauline Rued to Julius Berend
sen, lot on W line, of Sixteenth avenue, 121:6
S of California street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Eliza C. Houghtnn (widow) to Gaetano Bau
galupi, lot on W line of Twenty-seventh ave
nue, 100 S of C street, S 50 by \V 121; $W.
Michael and Mary McGrath to William V.
and Margraret M. Hughes, lot on SW corner of
Lundy 1 Lane and Ksmeralda street, S 25 by
W 70, lot 1S5, Gift Map 3; $10.
Pavld N". Hawley to Olive Verkouteren, lot
on W line of Berlin street, 100 S of Burrow, S
34 by W 121). block 119. Railroad Avenue Exten
sion Homestead: $10.
J. FV.Bradford to Adolph and Clara Bacchlni,
lot on'SW line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 225
NW of I Ftr»-Ft, NW 150 by SW 100, block 530,
Bay View Homestead: $600.
Herbert Du Fay Taft to Nicholas T. Knud-
Bon, lot on N line of Henry street, 95 B of Har
vard, E 25 by N 100, block 101, University
Mound; $100.
James E. Damon and George A. Hill to Ame
lia S. Damon, lot 67, Bernal Homestead Asso
ciation, quitclaim deed; $1.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Con
rad Reinhart, lot on NW line of Madrid street,
3T5 SW of Brazil, SW 25 by NW 100, block 28,
Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Alameda County.
Sarah J. Broad (wife of C. A.) to C. A.
Broad, 1 acre, beginning at Intersection of cen
ter line of Market street with center line of
Logan or Thirtv-sixth street. X 177:6. E 23S:5,
S 199:5. W 244:7. to beginning, Oakland; gift.
Andrew M. Hambey (administrator of estate
of William Hambey) to Richard Hambey, all
interest in lots 26 and -27, in plat 20, Mountain
I View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $100.
t ?.Iaurice Wurts fpingle) to Myron 1*. Wurts,
i undivided half interest in lot on W line ot
; College avenue, 66:8 8 of Svlvlan way, S 33:4,
SW 100, N 33:4, NE 100 to beginning, being por
tion Hillegass Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Maurice, Myron L. and Rebecca Wurts to
Peart F. Pitcher, all Interest in same, Berkeley;
$10.
C. II. and Catherine Glauber to Louis Lanne
: wehr (single), lot on W line of Third street. 100
! N of Roee, N 55 by W 133, bein* lots 24 and 25,
: block 29. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $700."
Home Building Company (a corporation) to
Walter R. Cowan, the W 50 feet of lot IS. map
of Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Diedrich Janssen to William Kohler. lot on
W line of Dlmoxd avenue. 175 N of Hopkins
street, N 50 by W 315. being lot 8, block A,
Dimond Tract, Brooklyn Township; $900.
Francis Mitchell to Phebe G. Eckert. lot on
E line of Broadway, VZl SW from 8 line of Bay
and Coaat Ra-Uway track. S 50. SE 190:2, NE
77, NW 50, SW 27, NW 140:2 to beginning, Ala
meda; cift.
Marie or Mary Sorenson to Jens P. Sorenson,
undivided half interest in lot beginning at a
stake on N line of road from Haywards to
Dublin at SE corner of lands of Carl J. Mag
nenson, thence NW 14.17 chains. NE 6.50 chains,
NE 8.63 chains, SE 15.86 chain?\ SW 13.06
chains to beginning, being portion of San Lo
renzo Rancho. Eden Township: gift.
Mary Ann Teague to HJalman Kehlet, lots 1
and 2, blook 7, tract B, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, Berkeley: $200.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Carl and
Franziska Metze. lot on W line of Tenth street.
100 N of Grayson, N 62 by AV 130. being the S
12 feet of lot 1 and all of lots 2 and 3, block
162, Grayson Tract. Berkeley; $5.
Felice L. Mlnton to William M. Mlnton, lot
on NE corner of Clinton avenue and Lafayette
¦treet. N P0 by E 10S. being lot 12. block 15,
BartlPtt Tra-t, Alameda; gift.
Mary S. and George W". Haight to Bank of
California, let fin NW corner of Encinal avenue
and Lafayette street, N 46:8 by W.J08, block 6,
same, Alameda; $10.
Remlllard Brick Company (corporation) to
Edward A. Bunker, lots 110. Ill and 113, Map
of Encinal Park Tract, Alameda: $10.
Daniel P. Clark to Teresa Breining (wife of
Henry) ¦ lot on N lino of Sixth street, 125 W of
Castro, W 25 by N 90, being the S 90 feet of lot
25, block 70. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Lucy A. Clark to name. name. Oakland; $1350.
(This deed is given under certain conditions.)
Edwin H. and Augusta L. Garthwalte (by W.
W. Garthwalte attorney) to Elizabeth A. T>lch
man, lot on PE line of Summit • street, at a
point of its intersection by line dividing lots 5
and 6, block 4, Howe Tract, thence SW 35, SE
125, NE 85. NW 123 to beginning. Oakland; $10.
C. and Mary C. Relgelhuth to William J. and
Elizabeth Kitto, lot on S line of Thirty-seoond
street. 315 W of Grove, W- 50 by S 140, being
lot 12. block 2037, Rowland .Tract, Oakland; $10.
Hannah M. Roach (widow) to Morris M.
Roach, lota 88 and 39, block 4S0. Adeline and
Market Street Homestead, Oakland; also lota 1
to 4 and 30jblock O, resubdlvlsion portion of
Roberts &. wolf skill Tract, Oakland; also lot
on W line of Adeline Btreet, 203:6 N of First.
N 25 by W 128:8, being lot 88, block 445, Brlgg*
Tract, Oakland: gift.
Seward M. and Alice E. Dodge to Charles A
Connitt, lot on S line of Sharon (or Blxty
third) street. 100 E of Colby, W 60, 8 150 E
60. N 150 to beginning, being lot 14, block D
Revised Map of Clairmont Avenue Tract, Oak-
Marie Werner (a widow) and Gertrude M
Hoyt (a widow) to George A. Fisher, lot *"
Werner Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
M. Dobner (owner) with R. Rechenbach (eon*
tractcr)— All work for alterations and additions
to a frame building on SW lino of Fourth
6treet, 30 NW of Brannan, NW 25 by SW SO-
J1900. • • '
H. Terazzl (owner) with P. A. Antonell!
(contractor), architect Maxwell G. Buffbee— All
alterations and additions, except palntine
plumbing, shades and ws nttlnx, to make a
three-Btory frame building on NE corner of
Union and Jasper streets, K 20:2 by N E9:6;
R. H. Gatley (owner) with W. E. Grant (con
tractor), architect J. F. Dunn— All work ex
cept mantels, electric work, g&e fixtures', art
gluts and I finished hardware, for two-st6ry
frame building (flats) on \V line of Guerrero
street, 52 X of Eighteenth, N 25 by W 80: J3842
Attempt to Wreck and Loot an Ex
press on the Baltimore and
Ohio.
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— According
to officials of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
road, another attempt to rob the "Wash
ington Express, believed to be carrying
$3,000,000 in gold to the sub-treasury in
New York, came near being successful
early to-day at Folsom, a short distance
outside of this city. The train, which con
sisted of two sleepers, two day coaches
and three baggage cars,, left Washington
at 11:30 last night. It was due here at 3:10
this morning. An open switch at Folsom
overturned the ensine and derailed the
three baggage cars, but no one was In
jured.
Examination disclosed the fact that the
switch had been tampered with. The rail
road officials have placed detectives on
the rase and have offered a reward of $500
for the arrest or conviction of those tam
pering with the switch. General Agent
Rust of the United States Express Com
pany said that notwithstanding reports
to the contrary, there was no gold bullion
belonging to the government on the train,
and whatever money was being carried
was what came in the ordinary course of
business. This, he saldajfcvas all In dyna
mite-proof safes. The l>ws to the express
company will be trifling.
PADUCAH, Ky., July ll.-The Illinois
Central fast train from New Orleans to
Chicago was held up and robbed this
morning at 1:20 o'clock, two miles south
of Wickliffe, Ky. ( The train was flagged
and when it stopp'ed the bandits entered
the cab. The llreman, J. J. Fryisch, was
struck on the head with the butt of a re
volver and badly hurt.^ The robbers, six
in number, cut off the engine . and express
car and ran a mile and a half to Fort
Jefferson, near the Ohio River and -within
sight of the Missouri shore. Here they
blewopenthe express safe and took all the
valuables it contained. Then they crossed
Into Missouri. They dropped one package
containing? $700 on the Kentucky side and
another package on the Missouri 'side,
both of which have been recovered. The
robbers did not attempt to molest the pas
sengers.
A special train with bloodhounds and an
armed pqsse left Jackson for the scene
and It is expected Missouri officers are hot
on the robbers' trail. About $10,000 was
secured. In addition to the money dropped
by the robbers.
TRAIN DERAILED AT
SWITCH BY ROBBERS
Six Men Blow Open the Safe and
Escape "With Its Contents to Mis
souri, Pursued by a Posse'
With Bloodhounds.
Illinois Central New Orleans
Flier Boarded Near "
Wickliffe.
OUTLAWS
EXPRESS TRAIN
II KENTUCKY
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G Johnson. Pleasanton/
J V Sheehan Jr. Cal !
T C Mercer, Ogden
M Lessenger, Ojtden ]
P W Norboe. Hanford )
"W N Rohrer, Fresno ;
F Bauey. Fresno
J Goldman, Merced . '.
H L Lemon, Chicago i
W Ramsdell. Mexico :
S J Ashman, Fresno ',
W Littlefleld. Salinas j.
H Corey, Salinas
P Musto. Stockton |,
C Campbell A w, N Y
EH Rosenblatt. N Yl.
A D Rolbumbust. Stkn .
Mrs C H Wood, S Jose j .
J Spinelll & W, S Jose
M Chrlstensen &w. Call;
W Barrett & w. Okld .
G Turner & w, Cal :
C,W Wood, L Bancw
Dr W Wood. Nevada
E Dulseman, L Ang '
H E Weaver, Stockton '
M Misserick. Nevada '
T J Keeler. Phlla
E M Cox, S Rosa
J O Slmms, Chlco
F F Royle, England
Mrs Fitzgerald, Ogden
Mrs H Leavitt. G Val
J Ruhenstein, G Valy
Mrs Morrow & c. Cat
C H Brown, SaJt Lake
H Black & w, Chicago
II Morris. USA
J S Dobson. Topeka
T M Campbell, Oakld
J C Xourse. Fresno
Miss Tuomey. Cal
J Roslyn. Callstoga
Mrs Gester. Callstoga
J C Bryant.. St Paul
Dr N H Hafght. Cai
Miss Fessant. Edmontn
P B Gates. Bakersfleld
L E Aubury. L Ang
A Williams & w. Alskji
Mrs Shannon, Seattle
G Shannon, Seattle
T H Rand. Cal
G A Buell. Stockton
PALACE HOTEL
0 T Tannin. St Louis
J G Nicholson, Llvpool
F Alcock, Liverpool
A Whiteside.- Livel-pool
Dr G Dwinnel. Mntagu
G W Hoovyn, N T
J R Phillips. Stkn
M Kleinhardt, Berlin
J A Roos, Rotterdam
1 F Bureer. Rotterdam
C Le Grand, N Orleans
H D Cushing & w. Oak
Miss -Margaret Lee, NY
O Emblln & w. N Y
A Bordeweiser. Chlcag
F L Gibson. Washlngtn
N D Arnold, & w. R I
J Cloughen & w. N Y
Dr D Smith & w, Phil
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss J Ward. S Helena
F Gay, Sacramento
A G Hansen. Vallejo
J W Ellis, San Jose .
J Mulroy; Riverside
T M Crawford, Sacto
J J Fisher. Angels Cp
J Wessell, Suisun
T Crane. Walnut Grv
M C Sullivan. Grb Glh
J Smith. Portland '
II F Kershaw. Centerv
A Dreuseth. Seattle
C J Gaee. Seattle
O MaKUlre & vr. Ill
C A Harvey, Seattle
C T la Farge & w, III
!G Smith. Salinas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
13
1/nOlinO I IMC HATHOR .8500 tons
KIMVU .\ IINPOCTAVIA 7000 tons
IVUUlfiUU LII1L LUXOR .«30O tons
¦ ' '¦"" ' "' "•'¦ ¦'.' ABTDOS .4000 tons
Monthly . sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican &%?rts. Central and . South
: -America, etc.j
S. 8. Abydos,' 4000 tons, sails about August X.
:3.Ti. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st. ' Pier No. 7— Freight office,
S27 Market et... gaa Francisco. -->
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS ?. 9. 10. 11 a. m., 1:30. 2:J0 p. m.
Far* San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN*.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
—FROM
WABASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
CHICAGO TO KEW YORK
AND BOSTON.
The. finest., fastest and best equipped train
out of Chicago, with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for . superior accommodations.
ROSS C. " CLJNE. P. C. P. AgL
bos Angeles* CW,
a Dp JGIbbon's Dispensary,
625 UEAflXT »T- Ettabllsaed
i In 1S84 tor the treatment of Private
D!»-u3<rB. Lost Manhood. D»bllttror
I disease »"»arinx on br«iy and mind *mt
Skin Dlaeates. l'h« doctoreurtswaeu
AtberafalL Try him. Caarr** Jow.
H'orfn;oarBnlf»J. Callortrrit*
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLTMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-fiCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLTMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG. -
- For Sallinr. etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'd Wy. N: T.
-. PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
'- Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agrta. for Pacific. Coast,
401 California St., corner Sansome. S. F. '
(racmo ttnn.)
Tr*!a* !•»• • »»•<• mrm Jm* i« mrtifm M
¦AN ni4.ii: •>»«•<».
I ,'M»ln Lli.o. Foot of U*rUcl 3ln««.)
liate — Fftou Uat 13, 13C0. — *»nri
•7:OW a Bsntda. Suiauo. Clmln. V»o»»HK
Rumie; uil iiiatiutiito *7i«3»
*Ti«»* Sh».t» Kxb"m-I>»tU. WvUUm«(ror
Uartlctt Srtirg»). WlUswa. l:ed
Bluff, toniami. »7i44f
•7tS3i Mtrtinei. d.tn Itamoi. V*liejo. N«p*.
Ualiit «a«ua. Santa &uu *«ll»^
. "1:00a Di»l». TVoollajJ. KnighU Laodlnf.
MarjatUI*. OrotUl*. •7«1S»
•MiOO* Atlaatk: Cxpreu-Osdau tod E**t *II:43«
•ftixo* San .Im», Lit ertuofM, Htucktwi,
Ion*. H»erait!cnto, PlaevrviUa.
M irjifUi-. Chico. Kf-t llln.1 *4>l*r
•<«i3i>» Oakdale. CblneM (for YoanattoX
8>uur\. Csrtarm. *-lilSr
•9:00* Hajwurdt. Nil«-««m! W»f .SUtlnni. *l li-t-1*
•O:;tu» Lot AnrslM Exprett — •l*rtln«t
Tner. LsUtrov. Ktocktoa, .Merord
and Fimio ••*«•»
" nhSOt V.lifju, MarUnwm ami T7ay Kt»«looa ••i«1*
•IO:OOa Tho OterUixi U ni;*<l -<i»deu, D«s-
ter, Omaha. CUitA*. *3ll3r
•11:00. Nilts, Mtenrir.re, Stockton, Ami*-
inent- Mmulot*. Uaufnrd. VUall*.
PoTWrTill* **itSr
•H:«»w Hayiwrda. Nllaaand Way Slatloaa. •¦»•»»
tl:»«»f Hi\crtnipi)t(i l.'ltar Sioxiiiota |."».Oi>*
•:i:«(»r I(»yw>nl». Mlletand Way SUUoat. •ni4bp
•liiMir Mjitlnez. Han Itamnu, Vallejo.
Nap*. CalUtticn. 8ai;U ICou *Vtl»4
•trOfir ninici*. Wlntora. rta»ra»«nf«.
Woottland. Ki.iulit. L*adlu».
MarraTtlle. OroTll!* •l»i«8»
•4!S»rNII««.SaiiJni«aiiiiBtockU)D •?il*»
I *3:0OrTb« Ori Miuitt-il-l'r%;r. timno.
Bti«r»a«!O. .Sangria Jar S»nU Baf-
l»n. Ul An«eir». '•:4»»
•5:OOr Freauo Passenger — Mtrtiiiem, Ii»?h-
rop. dtvcktoa, M-rcfil. Bereot**
(RayraondfoT Vosemi»«), KrMiio.. 'I2il»»
•SiSOr New Jrleani Etprfta-liakeriHeM.
Baiita Uxriiara. Iji« Angeles. Dem>
IBS. El Faao. Xaw Orleaua and
Kaat ••»«»*
•SiS«p .Suit* f* i;mi!9- AlUnilo Kiprasa
for Mojnra ami ttut '«il3r
*«t*Op nir*w!i, N lies and. -tan Jm» »7i«34
ttiOnr Vallvjo •l»»l»»
•«!«n»r Ori'n'.il Mail— Og<J»n. Cbe7«nn«v
Omaha, Chlc««o - •llrta*
•«ie»r Orlenial Mail— Ogjen. Dao««r.
O:u*ba. CIitm«:>. NllAv
I p:00r VallrJ--. I*<:rt C.xta and Way 8U-
liori !•:»'-»
' •KiO3f(I[...i..«-!i| c:i!:r,,ri>i* rai>r<n»,Ma«-
¦Mria M*r|..ili«. lCcl.lliif.
ivu'v. :. r.»ii»t s,,,u I «m,! K«;l *•»!•»
COAKT DIVISION (Narrow »>¦¦•)•
JFrol-t Mnrh«fcf=trtet.>
I f7i4SA 8anta Crat Rrcirakm for .«an»»
Cruz and rriucly»l V>%j StattoDS I*iM*
*Sil8a Nairuk.<>iiterfillr,, < <aa.l<j«.l r iiiton.
: Boitl<l«rCi>»k.!i^ttzL'ritz »n<t Wai
KUtlona 'e;***
»*tl*r Jic«*rh. CsxtOTtl!^. Bali Jna*. Jf<r»
A'— i^^nr.. Fulton, Hnnlder Crvvk,
Hauta i't'.tx j-ul l'tlnclptil VTay
Btatloi.t 1 1*:-"***
MllS* N»*»rk. San Joi... !^a Gatoa •»:."»•»
q<slSr Olfawuod. Fa'.ton. Haota Crus ««Jta«34
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnasi* nw;isa-r>'A »• u%nn sinnisuiS)—
•7:1* tOO UOOt.u. 11:03 *3:30 t3:N
M:C0 |3:C3 # 8:Mr.-.
rrtaOttltilD— >,,\ irar»il»»t.— *«.00 S:M 10 00».aU
U3.0J '1.33 t3:53 «3:C3 HZ9 'ISirM.
COAST 1)1 TIMON flirntiM.'«nx*).
fthinlntid lo»»li»eml Sti.)
t«ilOA Ocean Visit, .South Hun FranWsco.. »•¦•••
t?s»»a Ran Joia umI Way MUtlxim (Ne»
A'ma'lpii V.» l:i»il»»< inly) *llS#V
t?:X0* 8«nday Excursion f r Saa Joa*.
8ast» Crjz. Pasifle Gro»a ana
Trincipal Wiy ,^:»tlon»..... t9imSv
••¦•O* rian Jnie. Tir* t*i»ua. .Si.nU Crtia.
Paeltie Orove. I'a.in Knbiva, S.n
I.uia ntiiapo, dint, I.or.-.poe ani!
I>rtiiei|>al W»r iii»-.liiiii '•:li)f
•In. in, saa Jom anrf War Stattoua # »:M4
•I1i80a SanJoaa.LoaGAtonniiilWajStatlona *3i3nr
t*t44rSin Matto, Hednnorf, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanUCIa**. Mm Jusw.
Trea Pinoa. baiiU Una Sallnaa.
tilourerey ami I'aeiftc Gro»« fl«::m»
tStSltr San Jot* and Way Hta:!oi>. •~:3»p
MiiarSa* Ja*«aniirriitcil>al Way Srallona *9:I34
tftsOOp3an Jose. Loa Catot and Principal
Way Statiuris .' 19:041*
•3i*0r San Jom an<l Prlocical XT ay SUttona fSi-t-^a
•«i:«or Gan.Jes- an<1 Way Stalloiia •*:•»*>»
tlli4.tr 3an J pit ami 1\ay S'.atluna «.. *?;3i»p
? for If oruing P for Afternoon "
•Dmlly. tHi».-t»r -jeeptfd tSoncUrnnj
B 8atnri]ay unly.
tifataidaj and Sun<t*T « $>«oda» a»4 B«n«aa
CALIFOBNU ND8TBWESTERN RY. CO.
. . Ij3SSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAKAEI*
WEEK DATS— 7:20. J:CO. U:W a, m.; U:2S.
• S:S>. 6:10. 6:30 p. a. Thuradaya — Extra trip
at 11:30 o. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:oJ
and 11:39 d. m.
EUNDATS— 8:00. t:Z3. 11:CC a, m.; 1:39, t:S%
»:O. S:20 C- m.
SAN RAFAEIi TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— <:W. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 ». m. : 12:4J,
I:iO, 5:13 p*. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
l:!i and 6:33 d. m.
SUN DATS— 9:10. 9:«. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. !:«.
5:05, t::5 p. m.
Between Saa Francisco artd Sctraetsen Parfe
nxt schedule as abovs.
LeaT« J la Eftsct. I ArrlTa
Ban FranclsotK [Apr. 15. 1300.1 San Fraaclsea.
Week I Sun- J I Sua- I Week'
Days. | days. | Destination.! day. I Days.
. 7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to. 10:49 am! 9:40 ass
: 1:30 pm 9:30 am Petalcma. 6:0S pm 10:» ara
i:U pm 8:09 pm Santa Rosa. T:g pmj t:30 pm
Fulton.
T:» am VTlodaor. 10:8 asm
Bealdabarr-
Lytton.
Osyserrille.
t:» pm >:C0 «m Clorerdale. T.tS pm t:tO pm
7:30 ami I Ropland I \IO:K an*
I-.J0 pm| »:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| «:» pra
T:Mamt J 10:S am
• >«j t$Q am Guernrrtlls. 7:S5 pm
l:Wpm[ - «:i0pta
T:3Otxa t:00am Sonoma 1:15 am 1:40 an*
! and
1:13 pg 1:00 pm Qlen Ellen. <:C5 pm t:80 pm
7:30 ami t:CO ami 110: « am!10:S am
t:!0 pmj S:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:S5 pm| 8:20 pra
Staxes connect at Scnta Rosa tor Mark West
Eprlnn and White Sulphur Sprints: at Fulton
for Altruna: at LtUcti for Lytton Spr'.nu: at
O«yser«111« for Skates Sprlnxs: at Clov«rdal»
for th* Geysers: &t Hoplaad for Duncan
8prln?*. Hlthland Sprlnirs, Kelsejnrllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda B*y. LakepoYt and Bartlett
6prlnsa; at Ck'.ah for Vichy Sprlnffs, SaratOK»
Spring*. Blue L "t««. Laurel Dell Lake. Wltt«r
B^^nr», : Upper Lalce. Porno. Potter Valler.
Joan Day's, Riverside. Llertey's, Eu« f jcn«U't.
Sanhe^ In Kelrhta. Hullvlll«. Orr"s Hot
Sprtncs. M»n<5<vlno CJty. Fort Braxj. "Weat-
port. Caal. Wllllt*. Laytonvlllo. Curnm!r».
Bill't Springs, Manis, Olsen's. Dyer. Scott*
and Eureka. - '
Saturday to Monday round tr!t> tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevond Sun Rafaal at half rates.
ftekst o'niet. «0 Market St.. Chronfrie V.&z.
H. C WH1TINO. R. X. P.TAN.
General Miniitr. Gen. Pasa. Ax»nt-
00MPAQNIE OENERALE TRANS ATLANTIQUE.
T5IRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday inatend of <5pjrr>
Saturday, from November- 2, 1S99, at -«7>££ I * ( 23 k
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE, July 19; LA
CHAMPAGNE. July 26;. LA TOURINE, August
J; L'AQUITAINE. August 9. First class to
Havre," $82 £0 and upward. Second clasa to
Havre, $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson - Building), New York. J. - F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto F«rry. :
Commencing April 25. 196*. .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *8:30, 1:20. 11:00 a. m-»
12:45, *U4B. 1:15. 4:16. *S:U. «:li. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and 8aa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »8:00. «9:00, »lk00, 11:00. 11:3*
a. ra. : 12:4S. *l:30. t:30. •iliS. 6:C0. 8:00. 7:2*
p. rn.
11:00 a. m. doe* not run to 8an Rafael Sua-
«ayi. ' ' ¦
Trains marked (*) ran to San Qu-ntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO BAN FRANCISOtX
WEEK DAYS-*:S5. •«:». 7:60. 8:40. »10:U a.
m.: 13:20. ins. 2:1S, *$:30. 4:J0. (:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:«. «S:00. '9:80. •11:00a, m.; »M:0»
m.; 1:00. 2:U. *3:30. 4:30. S 5:45. 8:45. 7:30, lt:M
p. m.
Trains marked (•) (tart from San Queatln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI8CO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. 6:45. »:». 8:E5. 10:M a.
tn.; 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP9 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:29 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. S:CS. .10:03, 11:10 «u m.; 12:ii
1:20 ::30. 3:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:03. 10:J0 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a> m. week days— Oezadero and way sta-
tions. .
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caiadero and way sta-
tions. • •
8:15 p. m. weekdmya (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. \ -
12:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
stations. - ' , ; . . . ¦ .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS, j
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed. ..Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ' 1508.
FARE 50c.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
JEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. FASI8L
RED STAFt LINE.
fs'eW York; or>d Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.. ...... .July 18[ New York ...August 8
Bt. Louis July 25 St. Paul August 15
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland ..July 18iWesternland .August 1
Southwark July J5l Kensington ..Augusts
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
80 Montgomery street-
EMPIRE LINE,
8 8. "OHIO" from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael Mar 24. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
points, July 31, August 30. For rates and other
Information apply to -¦;:.:.¦-
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
.: , 30 Montgomery street. I
¦TABUSS TO LET.
TTABLE. i> rta!!s: Fuitab'.e- for exprewi or milk
ipr^t: month's rent frw: rh»ap. 2G39 Mission.
STORAGES AXD WAREHOUSES^
WILSON EROS.; etorage and moving; covered
var.s. Tenth and Jtarket: phone South 7*1.
PACIFIC Btcrage and Furr.ltur<! Moving Com-
T sr.y. 2SI0 Flllmore ft.; rhop.e Jackson ?S1.
BKKXX8 V»n and Stcnsge Co.. 721 Mission St..
r»: ?¦:*'-! :><f -Pa-king. rr.o-<-ir.g and Btorayo.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRIT^ER^^Tvi
*ell better rc&rh'.nes for less money than any
hcuse In the city; rentals. %i. The Typewriter
rrr-hrne-e. D3fi CaMfornla. tf-lephone Main 258
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ns^t. Ho!f cash: 8 acres adjoining Richmond
n*"irht»; Us miriUte? to Fan Francisco; 'JO min-
utes to Oakland: two railroad stations, Santa
Fe end Southern Pacific; worth double the price
tsV.'-ri; owner must *ell.
¦ For jpatlc-ulars inquire.
LATMANCE.
Room IP. €32 Market rt., San Francisco
flW) CASH; mcr.thly payments as low rent till
paid fcr: modprn new cottage of 4 rooms,
bath pantry, clospt?. high basement, brick
cjr.<3s.t!on; a. I 'enced; ftr.e well of water, all
Cm cess; 2 f..ie \o\r, cne a corner; price, all
told. »«: city v.ater if desired; street macad-
.epiizfd; nice hcr:es all around; near 3 lines of
?lectrlc roads and fine echoclhouise and wide
svecue: r.o frg cr cold winds here; Allendals
Tract -ad3o!n«T!g Ka«t Oak'.asd. Call or eer.d
U r circular. C5 Seventh et.; near cor. Broad-
way. Oa.k;an<i; carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
<Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth* st.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ Telephone -South 10.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
I'UOI'OSAKS.
PROPOSALS be received at the Eurcou of
5 tviT; S t B " d r, A^ COUnts ' KmT » Department.
P.) afc ,«? Kton ;, D - S;i until 12 o'clock noon. July
»4. 1903. ar.d pubiicjy opened Immediately
thereafter.; to furr.i*h at the Navy-yard. Mare
Utaad. Ca .. a quantity rrf boiler tuks. rivets?
, '< 11 PJatt^. «ee! phape«, hardware
electric biow err. wire mats, drawing !n»trU--
rr.-inif. bFliir.c tool*, shept gum. hose, satigep
/valve* Pipe fitiinps. nickf-l silver tube*, oars!
i !• li^hir.g material, chemicals, iron armored
f "nduil and fittins*. wire and c«bles. Blank
V opwals will be furrl'hed upon application
to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay Offl'*. San
Francisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY. Paymaster
G«n£ral U. S. X.
OAKLAM) FUIXITTRE FOR SALfi.
AN" Irtio.Jurtlrn to ycu from HTschcliha^r. !7he
e Arz'.f. llth ar.d Franklin. Oakland.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
, n and 19 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
TUKERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALKERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Hate*.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER" OF AN Y
ORGANIZATION having a presiding . officer
and eecretary the charge -for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
is $"0. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE It. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
CREMATION.
VAN FRANCnco. CAL.
Odd Fellows Cemetery Association,
ALL kinds bought, eold. exchanged, rented;
r^r's'r-'-r r' it w»>«t rn**s. £05 Fourth st.
prwisg machines axd srrrxiES.
>.IX k!r:<*.s besrht. sold ar.d repalrinc guaran-
teed. Cha?. Plambeck. 1935 Mission. r.r. Uth.
X-AI5IKS— Cfcl-het.tar'B English Pennyroyal P11U
. «re the bert: safe, reliable: take no others
feni 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief fcr
Lcflies." la letter by return mail; at dnie-
riiis. OT-.iel-^strr Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
ROOMS :>»Dered from t3: whitened. Jl up
tKiintitff done. Hartroan Paint Co.. 21S Third.
BaD terarts ej«*-t»d for H: collections made:
r'ty or country. PACTFTC COLLErrTTON*
«~O.. <1S Mcnte-onery Bt.. rocms »-10; tel. KS0.
CHITAPKST snd best In America— The Weekly
Call. !6 pases, sent to any address In the
t"nit»d F'Atr-9 or Canada one year fcr tl.
.NOTICK in b<r»-by given that th« Maria. Kip
' Thj.-.if f cf £20 Lake st-. San Francisco, has
recriTed th« followlns orphan, half- orphan
«in4 &i>an«!nri«l girls from March 31 to Jnae
O. 190?: Marrtetta E. McKowta, 4 years «
Taonths: Farah O» McCarthy, 13 yeara g
racnthe; Mary E. McCarthy, 10 years S
Esr-tJis: Krther H. Sayders, : yeai 4
. months; Emma n. Fisher, 11 years S months;
Bertha C. Fisher, 7 years 1 months.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast. Al new passenger steamer.
S. S. NOME CITY,
1600 tons register.
JULY ITth.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSON
and all TUKON RIVER POINT8-
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
139 POST ST.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
NO7VLE,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
Th» Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Paasea-
ger Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tons* displacement.
ABOUT JUJGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply t»
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO.. ,,
Z?0 Market >t-. San Francisco.
NOTICE.— The Secretary of the San Francisco
Pr> '.pfiant Orphan Society herewith rives no-
tir* that the following orphan and half-or-
phan F.irl* £J>d boys have beer, received at the
a^viurr.. or. HaSght St.. from January 1. l?00.
to.Jalj :. 1*00: Alioe C. Nelpon. 30 yrs. g
mnt.; l'acR> Green, 15 yrs.: Margaret S.
A!' render, 7 yr?. J mos.; Amelia Rasmussen,
*7 :t». : Rr>se Ra«mussen. 1 yr. 9 mot.; Mabe!
Gorden. 9 j-n>. 11 em.; Helen W. Bosch. 8
yr>. 3 mos. : Florence. J. Brrsch, 3 yrs. 5 mot. :
Virirnn Ar.deracn, 7 jtb. ; Edna. Anderson, 2
yrs. 10 mos.: Bosle Smith. S yrs.; Lilian
ShT.k. 11 yrs.: Clara Sheck. 9 yrs.: Estella
Shenk. 6 yrs.; Annie Shenk, 1 yr. 10 mos.:
Airaef Kelly. 7 yrs. 6 rcos. : Florence Kelly. 3
rrs. Gecrc A. Held. 10 yrs. ; Duncan Mc-
Ijf^m, 1 yrfl.: Clarence D. Alexander, 9 yrs. I
rr,' > s. : Robert Alexander, 2 yrs. 6 mos. ; Carl
Gi«»cke. 8 yrs 1 . € runs. : Joseph Geary. 5 yr*. 10
rr.;>s.; Carl Morw, 7 yrs.: William McK. Gor-
don, 4 yrs.; Goorge E. Bosch. 10 yrs. 3 mos.;
Frank B;>sch. 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Charles Bosch, j
ys. 2 ni-^s. ; Kdward Anderson. 9 yrs. 9 mos.;
Perry Smith. $ yrs. 1 mo. ; Walter Smith. 8
yrs. : Jmwph Snsith. 5 vrs. 11 mos:; Laurence
r>*v1«. f ym. S moe.: Ox-ster Davis,- 4 yrs. S
mos : Philip Kelly, 6 yrs. S nos., and John
Primus. 11 yrs. 7 moe.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From SDear-street Wharf at 11 a. m
CADC *I2 r'rst Class including B*rt?l
rHn L $a Second Clast ana A'.eals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July B, 22. Aus. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 2J, Auk. S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Asent.
630 Markft st.,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
DIED.
Cropan, Martha I* Nicol, Mary S.
Erikfon. John Neish, Walter T.
Halverson. Klsle C Peoples. James W.
Jackson. Julia Roche. Katie
Jourden. Louisiana Riley, Edward H. C.
Leahy. Cornelius J. Singleton. Charles # J.
McLaughlin. Mary Transue. Jennie
McGinley, Andrew Wolfe, Gertrude
Mitchell. Marj' A- Ward. William
Morton. J"hanny Wilson, Klla
CROGAN-In this city, July 11. 1900, Martha
I*, beioved wife of P. J. Crogan, and mother
cf Mrs. M. F. Knight. Mrs. M. J. Nichols
and J. J. and C. 8. Croean. a native of Liv-
erpool, England, aged 72 years and 4 months.
ERIKtSON— In the City and County Hospital,
July ll, 1300, John Erikscn, a native of Fin-
land, ased £4 years.
HALVERSOX— In this city. July 10. 1300. Elsie
C, dearly beloved daughter of William S.
and Fernanda Halverson, a native of San
KranciFco, a«e<l 1 year 6 months and 15 days.
JACKSON-In this city. July 10, 1300, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of (Tharles A. Jackson.
and mother of Mrs. G. Sprout. Mrs. G. Jaeger.
Mrs. J. Orans and Eddie Flynn. a native of
Sydney. Australia, aged 48 years 3 months
and ]l days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respoct-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17 Gilbert street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-
JOl'RDEX— In this city. July 11. 1900, Louisi-
ana (Lucy) O'Connor Jourden. beloved wlfo
of J. H. Jourden, and mother of William. Jo-
sephine, Lucy .and Alma Jourden, a native
cf New Orleans, aged 43 years.
ITTTriendp ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2525 Howard street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
street?, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock.
LEAHY— In this city, July 10, 1900, Cornelius
J.. dearly beloved son of the late Daniel and
Hannah Leahy, and beloved brother of Pat-
rick and Maggie Leahy, a native of San
Franciseo.
{TT-Friends and aeq-aaJntanc*** are reapect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of Valente, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a solemn
requiem hl«n mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at ll> o'clock,
thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery for inter-
ment.
McLAUGHLIN— In the City and County Hos-
pital. July 11, 1SO0. Mary McLaughlin. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years.
McGLNLEY— In this city. July 10, 1SO0. An-
drew, beloved and only son of Mrs. Stephen
Fitzgerald and the late Andrew McGinley,
brother of Mrs. John Gerlaeh. uncle of Ber-
nard Gerlach, grandson of Mrs. Susan Camp-
bell, and nephew of Mrs. J. S. Parsons, Mrs.
James H. Maher, Barney McHugh and the
late James McGinley, a native of Gold Hill,
New, aped 18 years 5 months and 20 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), At 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 128 Clara street, thence to SV Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requienrmass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
MITCHELL-In this city. July 10, 1900, Mary
A., beloved wife of Paul Mitchell, and mother
of Marie J. Blanch, a native of New York,
a;ed f8 years.
(T7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at I
o'clock, from her late residence. 8*3 Harrison
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORTON.— In this city. July 9, 1900, Johanna,
beloved wife of G. W. Morton, mother of Nel-
lie Reiterman. daughter of Ellen and the late
P. R. O'Brien, and sister of Mra. JC. Heuter
and William O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 26 years.
(CTFricn«s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
drnoe. 29 Sheridan street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rep6s§ of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. • Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NICOL— In this city, July 9, .1900. Mary S.,
.wife of John C. Nicol, mother of Mapgrle, An-
drew. Lizzie. Carles and Willie Nicol, daugh-
ter of Andrew Valentine, and pister of John
Margaret Valentine, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 45 years 9 months and 25 days.
jnTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. Andrew Valentine. 3213 Twen-
tieth street, between Folsom and Harrison.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
NEISH-In this city, July 11. 1500. Walter
Thomas, beloved son of. William G. and Jane
>>'el6h. a native of San Francisco, aged 6
months and 25 days.
PEOPLES— In Sonora. Cal.. July 10, 1900, James
\V.. beloved husband of Amy Peoples, be-
lored son of J. M. and L. B. Peoples, and
brother of Mre. R. L. Dickenson and W. L.
Peoples, a native of California, used JO years
and 11 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances ar»-respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 232 Dolores street, thence by
electric funeral car. corner of Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 12 o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KOCHE— In thi» city July lL 1900. Katie, be-
loved daughter of Thomas and Julia Roche,
and sister of Julia Roche and Mre. N\ Shields,
a native of San Francisco, aged 18 years and
10 months.
niLET— In this city, July 11, 1900, Edward HT
C, beloved husband of Elizabeth Riley, and
father of Thomas E. Riley, a native of Mab-
¦an, X. P., aged 43 years and 6 months.
EJTFrirnds and' acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
C'-noo SS Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his sou!, "com-
men^lnr at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Ometery-
SINGLETON— In this city. July 9, 1900, Charles
John, beloved husband of Mrs. Jenevera 81n-
Eleton. a native of London, aged 65 years. A
member of Millard Flllmore Lodce. K. of P..
of Buffalo, N. V. : also a member of the Order
of Chosen Friends, Crescent Council No. 2S,
O. C. F.. of Chicago. 111. (Buffalo and Chi-
capo papers please copy.)
tTTFrlends.and acauaintances are renpect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
Annif A rpar«. andMarrarct Harrljran. 2 v»ars;
Quc»>nie ivnn.v. 7 year? 6 months; Mary St.
Deania, 2 years < months; Annii>, 6 year* 10
Bcath.^. I"raj.c!s. 5 yrars 4 month?, and Em-
ma Kie!. 4 yearF: In'ne. 2 years. Evaiine. 9
year* Kiii<-. *4 vrars. and Msrcartt Hurley, S
l.prttt. J year? and May Skelley. 8
yrarf. Marj* I'.yan. I years 1 month; Angela
Aouersca, 3 yrars: Parah T'lrich, 9 years 3
Inl1nt^.-; Irene Huphc?. 3 year* 4 months:
L*an I<ane. 7 ypir? 5 isonthp; Emma. Fpreck-
j^f:, ; ypa-j 4 m"nthe: Alit^« Manheim, 9
yrnr.- I tnaatbMi Francis Lyoos. 12 years 3
months; Plorene* Hushes, 5 years 2 months;
}¦¦ ¦ Coleaaui. * years K* raonths": John
Keeley. 2 yoa.-s 2 mootha: Uarrj,- Maddox. 5
y.s-s i- month?; John Johnson. 7 years; <~*hes-
ter 11'.r-.a.n. < years; Gn-K* Sivensfn. 4
jrcari I rii^nthF: G^rpe Tribon, 2 years I
months: Ffcaneit Pratius, 5 yoars 11 months;
Fra::k Hurt, 3 year* J months; (Thaxles Haldt.
t yfars 6 raonth?; 'Williain McOolloajrh. 3
yr-BTfi * rat-mh*=: Walter O'Farrell. 1 year S
;., r .v s; j^-.;-; s Monpe. 9 years; Harold. 4
t-etra, eri K3vrard nine. 2 year? 6 month?;
vl'iHians Hsrrican. S yrars 6 months: Thrruaj"
Knrraa, 2 yrars 5 months; Willie. Z yft~.iT 5
- - r.!rs xr.1 Ildwani I«a.ne. i years: Geor^J
(SonzaJe«, 7 years S mr»ni.li5: John nrich. 6
years 1 month: J^pph Easaaa. 4 yea'j; Wil-
iiaa ?utt, 3 minth?: Thomas" MpLaurhiin. 2
Tear* T month?- Paul Vaudoor, 4 years 11
•r.rrr.:h*.
MAEEIED.
KEYS— VAX WOKXER- In Berkeley. July 11.
1900. by the Rev. Bradford I^eavltt. Axel M.
K^ys and Clara Belle Van Worner, both cf
San Francisco.
SPDCIAL NOTICES.
THE Gir;«' Directory Orphan Asylum fives
riti~e that the following orphan, half-orphan,
Sbxndoscd ehiMrra and foaadlinsi have
! « <r. rfecelvefl In the orphanage fmm Decem-
ber SI. 1SS«. to .Tune 30. UtM: Mary Kilis-
vorth, T yf!»r« 1 month; Anr.<"tta. U years 3
nvinihs. and Mary Coales. 6 year*: Elsie. 10
y>arf * m.-r.lhs, Ethel. 10 y?ars 4 manths. and
Lillfe <>!cir.an. 11 years 2 months: EUa. 7 year*
6 BXTOtiM and Mnrid IX:3n. 4 year? fi month?;
Bertha. T yars and Mabel t?lven=t*»n. t years
6 months; Ma Detbam, » ran 8 month?; Ma
Korea. r> year? 7 months; Margaret S-prarkling,
7 years S months: Ku'.h liurbort, 3 years 4
months: Maria «"!:t»=. 3 yars; Mary. 7 years.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed witli the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN,
HARTJT3— In this city. July 10. 13C0, to the
wife of Fred Haxtje, a daughter.
LUrX)VICX— la Kinjsley, Mariposa County.
June 23, 1900, to the wife of Tenny E. Ludo-
• vici, a son.
LAT.-RE.NCE- In Alameda. July 11, 1900, to the
wife of A. "\Y. Laurence, a eon.
TERRAMORSE— In this city. July 8, 1900, to
the wife of F. Terramorse, a daughter.
ItOOSiS A-\D IIOAHI) WANTED.
HABtU£T. 57, brt. Cth. 7th, Howard and
Fotaoni-ri foarate furnished rooms with
lioard ir. nr:vate German family; good Ger-
man eooktar.
¦ADV v i.-ii"* board in family; pays monthly
In advance: in nei^hborhnod s t. Ignatius
Own eh. nr\ !?:«, Can office.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•. Steameri leave Broadway
W /wharf, San Franclnco:
HE*—^_ For Alaskan jiorts — !1 a. m..
yS^gW July 15, L'0. :.". 30. AuKiut 4.
!'SrK3^*&k Chansr* to company's etfam^ra
Kil^SaSwS F' 0 '" Victoria. Vancouver <B.
H£%^<S?i4l c >- 1>ort Townsend. Seattle.
r^^OttYMWn Taeoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom <Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July 15, 20. 25. 30,.
August 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at -Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. X. R'y.: at Tacoma to JJ. P.
R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Fcr Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July
12. 17. 22, 27. August 1. and every fifth day
thereafter-
For Santa Crui. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San P«lro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a, m., July 14. IS, 22. 2S, 30. August 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford CSan Luis Oblspo). Barbara, Port
1jO8 Angelt'S and Kedondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., July 12. 18, 20, 24, 2f, August 1. artd every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La I'az. Sangi Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamer;, sailing dates and hours of nail in*
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFF1CE-4 >«"e w Montgomery
("treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Aftents.
ItOOSiS AXD BOARD.
A FAMILY bavins a !*rse, refined, well fur-
r.ii-hod home will accommodate a few per-
for.f with references; table and all appolr.t-
n-rnts flrrt-classs. Box 2wl, Call office.
5laF PALMAfi. 1S20 i!artet St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; Fia. ras.; bc&rd optional.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yefterday:
Henry P. Fisher. 24, 622 Polk street, and
Man. 1 it. Wetter. IS. 122 Polk street.
ti/vjree Dougherty. 25, 31» Grant avenue, and
ilarraret O. Miller. 20. «'T« McAllister street.
J^?;=e Affiyter. 41, £S2 K«ldy street, and Ade-
laide S. Pcholes, 23, 122 Eddy street.
John Mclj&y Alexander. 2S, Crockett, and
Katie Dohie. 19. Crockett.
I^e*- Collins, 24. Benicia. and Annie Kelly, 19,
Benicla.
Zalken H. RubcnFteln, 23. Grass Valley, and
Fannie Mayer, 19, New York.
the hours for Santa Fe trains to
go — 9 a. m., 4:10 p. m. and 8
p.m. The first for Kansas City
and Chicago, with sleepers — the
second for Stockton and Antloch
only, and the third for Fresno
and Bakersfield with sleepers
for both places.
The man at 628 Market street
wants to see you, or at the
Santa Fe Ferry office.
Don't puzzle your brain try-
Ing to read the ordinary rail-
road time card— read this and
get aboard.
BOOKS TO LET — Fnrn. and Lnfarn.
PO\VELI* EC?— Klegantly furnished front and
back rtxrms: flngi' 1 a"J en Fulte.
KOSEOALC Housf. 219 and 321 Ellis s t.-Rooma.
n^it.gcto £1 : weok. ?1 Co to U; open night
,, )v .~\ no"SK. 1^6 E311* St.— Incandescent
"vrhl resdine room. umok'.nKj-oom and ladles'
;?cr WW rer r.tRhl. Sic to tl 60; week. «
j «• rncr.t!;. tl to t-9: elevator on office floor;
c wl:h hot «^<2 ccld water; baths.
<ACH\"li:NTO. CtV — Neat furnished rooms;
* p:i-.Jt«- family; « and upward. ¦
MAN ApErtment House. !J Eighth St..
r'yarket-r'urnlshcd orjinfurnlshed^
RIVTIl 3.V— F"mi?hed front and back parlors;
TscltaMc far .icciors office or dressmaker.
CNY from rooms* to let: r3tes reasonable;
] f " r c, room*- l^s. SC.J2. Call office.
PCTTEH, B<*— A larc ¦ sunny front room and
fl ;,.-ivt : "•', •~^'* furnished.
¦ >\KS 119 Third— A r^ roomlnK house
for good people. It. m'GHF.S, proprietor.
THIRTEENTH. 1«T— liack room, furnished or
' iia!Cicuh«J: funny parlor.
A BSAKCH office for ChH a«lvertisemer.t« and
Ribscrirtioaa l:as been established at 1C06 Va-
0 CE AN TRAVEL.
Paclflo Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
WILL SAIL FMOM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
On OR ABOUT
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6.
Passengers are advised to Inspect the Senator
before purchasing tickets via oth»r steamers,
as her second-class and steerare accommoda-
tions are superior to the Hrst-clasA Accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Nome. The Pacific Coast Stexmsnip Co. has
been running Its steamers to Alaska— winter
and summer— for 25 years and it the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further information
Inquire of H. H. LLOYD. Oc»an Dock. Seattle.
Wash.: X. POSTON*. 249 Washlnnton st.. Port-
land, Or.; WV PARRIP. 124 West Second St..
Los Angeles. Cal.: GOODALI* PERKINS &
CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market st. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 Kcw Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
DIVIDCXD .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 11 •twen-
ty-five cents per rhare) of the Kllauea SUKar
Plantation Company will be pavnble at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. on and
after Monday. July 16, 1<VX). Transfer book*
closid Tuesday. Julj- 10. 1900, at 3 o'clock
p. rn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. SI '(twenty-
flve cpnt« per share) of the Hutchlnron Sugar
riantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. S27 Maiket St.. on and
after Friday. July 2flth. 1900. Transfer booty-
will ricse on Saturday, July 14th. 1*00, «t 12
oVlock ro. E. H. SHKLDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND xbTICE-l*he Nevada National
Bank or San Francisco. At a regular meet-
\nz of the Hoard of Directors of this bank.
held July 3, 1900, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 20, 1300, at the rate
ot eeven (7) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 16th ln«t. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the 16th Jnst.. both
«ays Inclusive. GEORGE OrJAXT.
July 3, 1900. Secretary.
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-flrsL
.TRAXSUE— In Alameda, July 11, 1900.' Jennie,
dearly beloved wife of L». H. Transue, mother
of Harold and Percy Transue, sister of Mrs.
O. T. Bradley of Santa Cruz, James, Sidney.
William and Charles Hall of San Francisco.
Samuel and Thomas Hall of Vlnalia. and
daughter of Mrs. Charlotte Hall, a member ot!
Alameda Parlor No. IS, N. IX O. -\V.,,a na-
tive of Shasta County, Cal., aged 40 years 5
months and 11 dayn..
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WOLFK— It Hamburg, Germany. June It, 1900.
Gertrude Wolfe, beloved mother of Mrs. Sara
FrledJander of Pan Francisco and Mrs. E. G.
Kbert of Sacramento, aged 90 years.
V.'ArtD-In this city. July 11, 1900, William,
beloved husbaml of PuFanna Ward, and father
of Herbert Ward, a native of England, aged
60 years and 13 day*.
WILSON— In this city, July 10, 1900, Ella, be-
loved wife of Fred Wilson, a native of. Ill-
inois, aged 1J9 years. *•*
D^TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(ThursdRy). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ol
H. F. Buhr & Co.. 1187 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth." Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
EAILEOAD TRAVEL.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR rent— nanflsome furnished cottare^etabie"
etc.; convenient local. C. HENDERSON 204
M"r.rgomer>- st. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
OCEANIC S. 8. CO.-HOXOMIID, APIA
AUCKLAND ANIi SYDNEY.
6. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu . only) ... . .
• .. ...........Wednesday, July 25, 2 p. m.
S. S. • ALAMEDA - (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia.. Wed. .Aug. 8. 8 p. m.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., il4Montgomen
PUr 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Otfice.327 Market SLGreatly Improved Work by Scholars
: During ; the Year Eesults in f\fz
Many Promotions. . ' }
A. report "on, the; standing, of .schools vls-
REPORT ON STANDING
OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Lectured on "Gold and Iron."
I>r. X. J. B. Shulrz addressed the So
cialist Labor party at the Turk-street
Tomple last night en "Gold and Iron."
H!» discuHEion was upon socialistic prob
lerrs.
II. J. Baddely of 214 Capp street re
ported to Coroner Cole yesterday that
G. A. -Moulton of the same address had
been missing since last Monday, and that
It was feared he had committed suicide.
Iladdlpy said that Moulton was afflicted
with consumption and had become verv
despondent. Moulton Is described as 60
years old, 5 feet 8 or 9 Inches tall and
weighing J30 pounds. He wore a dark
suit of clothes and a white Fedora hat.
G. A. Moulton Missing.
RUBBISH PILED UP IN
HEART OF THE CITY
Complaint About Debris Dumped on
Lot by Order of Board of
Health.
Residents In the neighborhood of Pacific
and Dupont streets complain of the. un
sanitary condition of a lot on which a
garbage crematory was recently erected
by the Board of Health. Decaying debris
of many descriptions is piled- high there
and the stench emitted from It is sicken
ing-. The stuff was dumped on the lot
weeks ago— some of it even at the time
of the first alleged plague scare last Feb
ruary. • ¦
• Time after time residents In the neigh
borhood have" made urgent requests of the
Health Board to abate the nuisance, but
as yet nothing has been done. Pedestrians
passing In the vicinity are greatly an
noyed by' ashes carried by the winds in
addition to the nauseating odors.
Health Board Squirms Under Criti
cisms Made Against It by
Supervisors.
At a meet'.rg of the Board of Health
yesterday Health Officer O'Krien stated
that just cause for complaint existed
against the condition of that section of the
city bounded r>y San Uruno avenue. Har
rison. Army and Twenty-sixth streets.
The Bryant street sewer and its terminus,
¦which is In the Army street swamp, was
likely to causa disease, the health officer
said. The attention of the lioard of Su
pervisors and Hoard of Public Works will
be called to the unsanitary condition of
the locality named, with a view toward
improving it.
, The position of ni^ht watchman at the
City and County Hospital was abolished
and the position of- night m«-SFer.g€-r was
created. Thomas J^ydan receiving the ap
pointment.
Dr. Uucklev Introduced an ordinance for
submittfon to the Hoard of Supervisors.
The ordinance prohibits the renting or
oorupaney <if lowtr portions of the apart
ments of any baUdlnff '.he floors of which
arc damp or Impregnated by any of
fensire gas or exhalation prejudicial to
health; ;ilso prohibiting the occupancy of
cellars, bathrnoms or rooms containing a
vault, or <>tti«>r plao<? that are •lanRpruus
to ilfe or h^ilth l<y reason of a want of
ventilation or drainage. The term "cel
lr.r" is ct^fin^d to rnnan ovtry l>apem<-nt
and Inwfr story of a hou^e of which one
half or more of the liHght from the floor
to the celling is below the level of the
Mrrr-t adjoining.
Dr. Bnckler IntrodoeHI a resolution call-
Jn<? upon Supervisor McCarthy to with
draw his recent utterances charging the
Health Bonrd wi;h <riostionable methods
regarding the plague scare.
The salary of Miss Patton. head nurse
ot the City and County Hospital, -was or
«ler»<l rrstorod from $73 to $90 per month,
provided the action in so doing is sanc
tioned by the charter. There Is some
doulit •whether salaries may be chanped
«fter thpv have once been fixed for the
f.Fcal year.
DISTRICT THAT IS IN
UNSANITARY CONDITION
Patrolman Charles Green to Answer
a Serious Charge Before the
Police Board.
Policeman' Charles Green has an. unen
viable record of "walking on the carpet"
before the Police Commissioners. He
seems to bear a charmed position on the
force, as every time he makes his bow
before the board and Is momentarily start
led by having one month's salary taken
from him he goes back to his beat smil
ing.
At the meeting of the Commissioners
Tuesday night a charpe against him of
not making returns of fire alarms on hla
beat was called, but continued till next
meeting. Now he will have to answer to
another and more serious allegation. His
beat is on Devlsadero street, between
"Waller and O'Farrell. About 2 o'clock on
the morning of July 7 he was missed from
his beat and a search revealed him placid
ly asleep In the rear of the O'Farrell
street police station. The only explana
tion he could make was that he had "that
tired feeling."
PREFERRED SLEEP TO
. WALKING HIS .BEAT
Deputy Dr. W. B. Howard visited the Irving
Scott Grammar School. Denman Grammar.
Sheridan Primary. Henry Durant Primary,
Rlncon Grammar. Adams Cosmopolitan Gram
mar, Pacific Heights Grammar, Spring Valley
Grammar, Hamilton Grammar, Hunters Point.
Franklin Evening, Richmond Evening and
pronounces their standing satisfactory. This
comment is made upon the Irving Scott Gram
mar School: That there are quite a number
of children ot school age residing In this
district who do not attend school because they
are placed at work. Regarding the Sheridan,
the declaration Is made that the buildings are
too small and unfit for school use. there being
Insufficient accommodations for the pupils in
attendance. Supplementary reading books are
needed in all the schools.
Deputy W". D. Kingsbury visited the Mission
High School. Franklin Grammar School, Ever
ett Grammar, Whittler Primary and Horace
Mann Evening and Hamilton Evening schools
and declares their standing to bfe satisfactory.
The Irving Scott Primary. Monroe Primary.
Moulder Primary. Ocean House, Polytechnic
High and the West End schools were visited
and found in good condition.
- Deputy Jordan reports the departments of the
Lowell High School to be «s per schedule, ex
cept as to French and German, the reason be
lne the insufficiency of pupil3 for a two years
course as required by the university. Among
other things the school needs $1000 for labora
tory apparatus.
In the Girls' High School the work Is satis
factory and accredited by the State Lnlversi
ty The teachers and principal's Influence In
the ' Fremont School appears to be for good
behavior and earnest work. Improvements are
needed in the appointments of the South End
The Hancock Grammar School was forcibly
entered on June 6 and certain records either
destroyed or disfigured. The aid of the Po
lice Department should be evoked to guard
the school buildings In that district with great
er vigilance. * i ¦
The schools being examined in arithmetic,
spelling, grammar, geography and history un
der direction of the Board of Education, the
oral examinations by deputies have been main
ly confined to other branches. One year ago
it was rare that. entire classes won promotion
by the written examinations then given by
order of the Board of Education, and In cases
scarcely any of some classes were promoted.
This year the promotion of entire classes and
nearly entire classes seem to have been quite
common. This would indicate greatly Improved
work in the schools during the past year.
ited by Superintendent Webster and Dep
uties Kingsbury, Jordan and Howard was
submitted to the Board of Education at Its
meeting yesterday. The report says:
I Chairman Mark of the Board of Edu
cation Is «n communication with Dr. C. E.
Ehinger. head of the department of
Physical Culture In the Westchester
Normal School In Pennsylvania, with a
view to the acceptance by Dr. Ehinger of
a similar post in the local school depart
ment. The salary offered to Dr. Ehinger
Is $2400 per year, but he is holding out for
$3000 per year. Mr. Marks says that Dr.
Ehinger Is a competent physical instruc
tor and the fact tttat his wife is also an
able instructress 'in the art has Impelled
the board to make a bid for their services.
Mr. Mark has not yet lost all hope of se
curing the two teachers and the deal. may
be consummated in a few days. They
have made a special study of children's
games and If engaged will establish the
study of physical culture on the basis ad
vocated by the board.
Regarding the dismissal of Professors
Stahl. Miehling and Barth. Mr. \ Mark
Bays that one cf the reasons for the dis
missal was that the teachers were re
quested to teach a whole day instead of
only half a day and they refused to do so.
Bidding for Eastern Instructor.
M0A2TA STARTING ON HER LAST TRIP FROM THIS PORT.
coal-carrler for two' trips. Then Uncle
Sam stepped In when the trouble broke
out in China, and the. Californlan. the
largest vessel ever built on the coast, was
chartered to run from here to Hongkong
and the Philippines.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Ed Flanigan was appointed collector of
the Harbor Commission yesterday.
He succeeds H. J. Parsons, | who
has served a five year • term.
A. W. Furlong ¦was made wharf
inger, vice ex-Senator Braunhart, who
was appointed Supervisor by Mayor Phe
lan. Mr. Furlong is one of the "old stal
warts" on the Democratic ticket and a
conscientious officer.
Water Front Notes.
Reinsurance on the German ship Louise,
now out 226 days from Tampa bound for
Yokohama, is quoted at 50 per cent.
Rosa Clerle, a girl employed In a
cannery, was knocked down by a truck
on Steuart street yesterday, but escaped
with a scalp wound. She was' attended
by Dr. Putnam at the Harbor Hospital.
Dr. Bayliss W. Earle, one of the sur
geons in the office of Dr. Kinyoun, has re
ceived' telegraphic orders to proceed to
Cape Nome in tiie Interest of the Marine
Hospital service" Dr. Earle leaves for
Seattle in a week or two.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Moana sailed for Australasian ports last
night. The mail was on time, and, strange
to say, the vessel got away within a few
hours of her regular time. Passing Fort
Point Chief Oflicer Crisp discovered a
couple of stowaways and had them sent
ashore, much to .the disgust of the "free
riders" and their friends.
J The Hawaiian contingent and their
friends were much In evidence. The
Moana is a British bottom, and in conse
quence cannot carry freight or passen
gers between here and Honolulu (an
American coast port). M. M. Estee. the
new District Judge of Hawaii, was to hav«
gone on the vessel, but under the law of
June 14 he was debarred, and Purser Hod
son was prevented from having his Honor
on his passenger list.
Judge Estee will go to his district on tho
Rio de Janeiro next week. The Moana is
crowded with freight, but the passenger
list Is light, owing to the interdiction on
Hawaiian trade.
San Juan Arrives
The chartered steamer San Juan arrived
from Nome yesterday morning. She brings
little news that has not already been pub
lished in The Call. General George H.
Randall, U. S. A., who is in .charge of the
military camp, has this to say in the
Nome Gold Digger in addition to the
Btory already published:
"It is wise to give the truth to the outside,
else all kinds of wild stories are liable to be
sent out about alleged lawlessness, when It
does not exist. There is a bad element here.
It is true. but. that element can be" managed
very well. The mo9t serious thing we have
to consider Is the typhoid fever. There are a
number of cases already, and there is sure to
be many more. The camp must clean up. The
conditions in the rear of some of the saloons
are frightful. It Is a serious menace to health.
I will attend to the cleaning up promptly."
When the San Juan sailed the hospitals
were full of patients, and the doctors es
timated that there would be 1500 cases re
quiring attention Inside of two weeks. In
that event the next steamer coming from
Nome will probably bring news of an
epidemic.
Is Now a Transport.
The 10.000-ton steamer Californlan, built
at the Union Iron Works for the supar
trado, Is now a Government transport.
She was built to run between San Fran
<Mfco, Honolulu and New York, but Uncle
Sam wants freight-carriers, and the Cali
fornlan will not po Into the sugar trade
until next year. The. first intention was
to send her to Honolulu In ballast. Then
the Rosenfelds tried to secure her as a
Mail Steamer Moana Got Away on
Time I*ast Night, but M. M.
Zstee Could Not Secure
Passage.
First Oceanic Liner to Sail
Without Passengers for
Hawaii.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN ID THE
WATER FRONT
The. action of the Board of Education
in dismissing Professors Earth, Miehling
and Stahl, the. three special . teachers of
phs'slcal culture, has met with determined
opposition on the part of the German resi
dents of this city. At its meeting yester
day, the board was served with a strong
petition signed by the German-Califor
nian Society to restore the teachers to
their positions, and also to re-establish
the study. of physical culture, which, it is
claimed, has been practically abolished by
their dismissal. The communication,
which was read with no comment on the
part of the Directors and taken under ad
visement, is as follows:
Voice a Strong Protest.
At a meeting of the German-Californian
Society a discussion was participated in by
men of considerable education and experi
ence in educational matters as well as of
high social and business standing in this
community. Opinions were freely uttered,
not only that your action In dismissing the
three teachers was hasty, but that the rea
sons as stated in the resolution are utterly
Insufficient to Justify the proceeding which
you have taken. It was the sense of the
meeting that if the present corps of three
special teachers Is entirely inadequate to
give the required Instruction often enough.
It cannot, with consistency, be maintained
that the amount of instruction which the
three teachers are able to {rive is of no
value to the child, or that the Instruction
ought to be wholly dispensed with. On the
contrary, that It should be the aim of the
board intrusted with the care of our chil
dren to increase the number of teachers of
physical culture. Instead of dismissing the
few thus far employed.
1 The gentlemen of our society further won
dered what the board could have meant by
the "sound physiological, psychological and
pedagogical basis" on which you "hope"
to place the teaching of physical culture, or
In what respect the system followed by the
dismissed teachers may have appeared to
your minds to be other than sound. By
making that implication it was the opinion
of some of our members that you were not
aware that the methods of teaching fol
lowed by these teachers are the results of
the most careful thought and experience,
commencing about the early part of the
nineteenth centurry (when Jahn Introduced
the new art) and continued through genera
tions; nor the fact that all of the three
teachers dismissed by your board are grad
uates of the "Turnlehrer-Seminar nt Mil
waukee, established in 1?91 by the Xorth
American Turnverein (which at present
numbers 40.000 members) and containing
the very best equipment for the teaching
of physical culture; nor the fact that an
other of these graduates. - who Is now at
the head of the department of physical cul
ture In the Military Academy at West
Point, was given the rank of captain in the
regular army in recognition of his services,
and that his methods have beeh adopted at
all the army posts. '
Tour statement that "the present system
of gymnastic exercises can be taught Just as
effectively by class teachers supervised by
the principals" appears to be somewhat in
consistent with the hope you entertain to
change the present system on a physiolog
ical, psychological and pedagogical basis.
The assertion that class teachers possess the
ability to teach the present system of gym
nastics as effectively as the three gentlemen
specially trained in. the art. and against
whose competency and eminent fitness for
the work not a word has been said, wa3
strongly denied by the members of our so
ciety.
A vote having been taken. It -was unani
mously resolved that as a matter of public
duty and. in behalf of the most sacred In
terests of our children and the future of this
community, the attention of your honor-
able board be called to the facts herein al
luded to and that the suggestion should be
respectfully made to you not to deprive our
school children of what has proved an ines
timable blessing- to them, but to restore to
their places both the "present system of
gymnastic exercises" and the three excel
lent teachers of physical culture so hastily
and summarily dismissed from the depart
ment. German-California Society.
GUSTAV GUTSCH, President.
School for South San Francisco.
The board adopted a resolution recom
mending to the Board of Supervisors that
the sum of SSO.OOO be appropriated out of
the excess revenues to construct a new
schoolhouse In South San Francisco to
replace the old Burnett School, which has
been condemned as unsanitary. This ac
tion was taken as a result of the follow
ing resolution adopted by the Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs and sent
to the board for consideration:
Resolved. That the Burnett school house
In South San Francisco, having been al
ready condemned by the Health Department
and by the Fire Warden?, and said con
demnation being found well founded by the
investigation of a special committee of this
federation, we are of the opinion that the I
present building should be destroyed and
a, new one erected; and we request the
Board of Education to make a requisition
at once on the Board of Public Works for
plans and specifications for the same* In
accordance with the reports oCthe two pub
lic bodies mentioned.
Salaries of Principals.
Superintendent Webster questioned the
advisability of passing such a resolution,
and Director Denman contended that the
Burnett School was amply sufficient for
the needs of the district. Attorney Kim
ball, who appeared for the federation,
stated that if something were not done
to put the Burnett School In sanitary con
dition the parents would decline to send
their children to the institution. Director
Casserly stated that he had gone before
the Supervisors to urge that the building
be repaired, but no action had been taken.
Mrs. K. Black, janltress of the Everett
School, against whom charges had been
preferred by the principal,. was dismissed
from the department and Mrs. Rors, as
sistant janitress, was Instructed to take
charge of the school.
The recretary wa9 Instructed to adver
tise . for bids to paint the Whittler and
Hamilton schools.
The following schedule of salaries' for
the principals of primary schools was
adopted:
From six to eleven classes, both Inclusive,
$125 per month. - .
From twelve to fifteen classes, both Inclusive
$135 per month.
For sixteen or more classes, $150 per month.
The following named were elected as
special teachers of manual training, their
election to take effect at a time stated by
the president of the Board of Education:
tB- F. Simcoe, $1100 per year; E. E. Goodell.
1000 per year: C. H. Thorpe, $1000 per year;
M. Doyle. $1000 per year.
Miss Kate E. Whitaker was elected su
pervisor of'cooklng at a salary of $90 per
month," the'appolntment to date from Au
gust 1, 1900. Miss Mary Coyle. Miss Grace
E. Morey and Airs. R. J. de Yoe were
elected assistants at a salary of JG5 per
month each. Mrs. de Yoe will submit to
an examination, in order that she may be
granted a special • certificate, her creden
tials being deemed insufficient by the
Board of Examiners. She possesses a di
ploma of the Throop Polytechnic School
of Pasadena. «
Certificates Are Granted.
The following recommendations of the
Board of Examiners were - adopted :
Grammar grade certificate, including subr
Jects of free-hand drawing." clay model
ing, wood carving and color. work, to Miss
Dee Beebe; that subject of manual train
ing including mechanical drawing, free
hand 1 drawing.' sloyd and wood work be
indorsed, on the grammar grade certifi
cate of Cree T. Work;' grammar grade
certificates— Miss Nellie E. O'Brien. Miss
Josephine Downey, Miss Alice B. Diggs,
Miss Ida Meyerstern and Miss Edith
Lyon. ¦ . ;. • . ,'
A communication was read from J. M.
Ruiz, in which he urged that Spanish be
taught In the schools, and also making an
application to teach. the course.
Board of Education Will Request Su
pervisors to Erect a New School- •
house in South 3an
Francisco.
German Parents ;Are Opr
55 posed to Abolition of
Physical Culture.
WOULD HAVE THE
PUPILS TRAINED
IN GYMNASTICS
; The Supervisors, In session as a board
of equalization yesterday, refused to re
duce the assessment of $750,000 on the
franchise of the Bank of CaJiforr.ia. Sev
eral members of the board strongly fa
vored raising it to $1,000,000, but such ac
tion was not taken.
James M. Allen appeared as the legal
representative of the bajik and made an
extended argument. Though not admit
i ting: the Assessor's right to fix any as-
J seument on the franchise Judge Allen
taid the bank was willing to pay taxes on
an assessment of $10,000. If any large as
sessment were allowed to stand the bank
! would fight It in the courts.
I "We have but one franchise." Judge Al
len said, "and that is simply the power
to exist as a corporation. Our right to do
a banking business Is a common right
| ard may be possessed by an individual or
I & partnership. For that power there is
do franchise within the meaning: of the
law.
"Our right to exist as a corporation has
no franchise value. We cannot sell it, we
cannot mortgage It.
"Last year we paid taxes amounting to
over $36,000. If a $12,000 tax on this fran
chise assessment is levied and paid the
amount will be W7.663 for this year. None
of the -national banks of the State pay
such a large tax. Xcne of them pays over
$ooi-0.
"We have substantially said that we
will pay on an assessment of $10,000 be
cause the taxes then would be small, but
> if the exorbitant assessment of $750,000
I for the right simply to exist as a corpora
j tion is allowed to stand it will be con-
I tested."
] Assessor Dodge claimed that the right
, to tax the franchises cf private corpora
] tions. including banks, had repeatedly
i be«>n upheld by the Supreme Court.
"Why is the Rank of C.-ilifornia singled
I out." continued the Assessor, "to be made
j the object of a franchise assessment?
, Simply because it is the only bank of
! San trancisco that is not paying taxes
: on an assessment representing its capital !
, stock or more. The Union Trust Company
was not doing this until I assessed Its
franchise at $50.) MJ and it is now paying
taxes on that assessment.
"There have been numerous Supreme
Court decisions emphasizing and uphold
ing the right to get back of the shadow,
the franchise, to the substance. This
bank's capital stock has a market value
of $s.100,000. It paid taxes last year on
$o.125,So2 only, and included in that total
is a largp amount invested in domestic
bonds, declared exempt. But taking that
total.. there Is a value of S2.P74.64S that was.
not taxed. For the purposes of assess
ment that may be taken as the value of
the Bank of California's franchise.
"This bank, if assessments are. to be
equalized, should have its franchise as
sessment raised to $2,374,000, but to be con
servative I placed it at $750.0in>. The tax
en that basis will amount to but GO cents
per year per share, while the dividends
per year per share amount to $16."
The board took the petition of the bank
under advisrmont. Supervisor McCarthy
favored raising the assessment to $1,000,000
and moved that the bank should be noti
fied to appear and show cause why its
assessment should not be ralsedl Super
visor Curtis seconded the motion.
"I am strongly opposed to such action."
Supervisor Braunhart said. "Let us act
carefully and conservatively in these re
form matters. I am not advocating len
iency toward the banks. They have
avoided taxes and have sent their repre
sentatives to Sacramento to defeat wise
legislation. But at the same time, we
should make haste slowly. Our position
will be stronger if we let the Assessor's
figures stand."
On the vote that followed the petition
was denied. The bank will undoubtedly
carry the ma.tter j into the courts.
K. J. McCutchen was present as attor
ney for the Virginia and Gold Hill Water
Company, the franchise of which was as
sessed at $250,000. He agreed that the
franchises of private corporations may
be taxed, but argued that it was unfair
to tax more than nominally corporations
that, received nothing from the State.
"Our company does no business and ex
ercises ijio rights here. We simply have
an oiticn in this city as a matter of con
venience, because a majority of our stock
is held here."
Supervisor McCarthy inquired if the
case was not parallel vith that of the Pa
cilic Mail Company, which does no busi
ness in New York, but pays taxes there
on its entire capital stock. McCutchon
paid that he unterstood some of his com
pany's stock had been assessed, as well as
tho franchise.
"Thnt was because a few of the holders
turned thorn in." said the Assessor. "But
Mr. Mackay and the Hobart estate will
not turn in their stock, claiming that they
cannot be assessed."
Attorney McOutchen denied- the Asses
sor's estimate of $1 .000.000 as the value of
the company's capital stock. He said it
could nil b»» bought for J2T»0,000, or $5 per
share.' instead r-t $20.
"I will say this, gentlemen." Mr. JIc-
Cutchcn said, "you can uphold this as
sessment if. you want to. but you will not
hav« a chance to do it again. If you car
ry out this policy you will drive away
thousands of corporations. Our objection
is on the brond prnuml that it is not right
for you to tax the franchise of a company
that pot? nothing 1 from you."
Supervisor <*omto argued that while It
was right to tax the franchises of public
or quasi-public corporations, it was not
wise to adopt a policy that would drive
private corporation?; from San Francisco.
Braunhart moved that the assessment be
reduced to $12">.000. and Comte seconded
the motion. The Assessor concurred and
the reduction was made.
Gavin McNab as attorney for the Ar
mour Packing Company opposed the as
bQ^mont of $10,000 on its franchise. The
company intends to fight the assessment
on the pround that the franchise of a for
eiRn corporation Is not subject to tax
ation. The attorney desired action by the
board in order that the assessment might
be tested in court. The petition for the
was denied.
An assessment of $150,000 apalnst the
estate of Alexander Dunsmuir was can
celed on the recommendation of Assessor
Dodge. The assessment was on stock of
the R. Dunsmulr'p Sons Company, a
domestic corporation. Numerous peti
tions involving assessments of small
amounts were rcted upon. The board will
continue the work this afternoon at 1-SO
o'clock. . .
The Contra Costa "Water Company peti
tioned for a correction of the assessment
on Its franchise, which Assessor Dodtre
fixed at J2M.OTI0. on the ground that 'he
rrioro franchise of sxistinpr as a corpora
lion Is enjoyed in the county of Alameda
The Standard Oil Company, In its ap
plication for a reduction of its asse«s
ffiSS 1 '! c! . a!ms that the Item for franchise.
SWW). is Improper and contrary to law.
A\ ells. Farffo & Co. also petitions to be
released from an assessment on Its fran
chise of $750,000.
The estate of r>. B. Henarle wants the
n-sosFmont on 2500 shares of Eastern
Oregon I.and Company reduced from $150,
m to $T«0.000. on the srround that it is a
custom observed by the Asseppor to treat
the full cash value of property for pur
poses of nsFossment as CO per cent of Its
actual value.
?J h &£«« fornla Pow<1er . Works asks that
the $250,000 assessment on its franchise be
canceled. ¦
This Institution and Armour Packing
Company Will Fight Payment
of Taxes in the
Courts.
NO REDUCTION
FOR THE BANK
OF CALIFORNIA
Its Franchise Assessment of
$750,000 Upheld by the
Board.
THE SAN rKA^SrciSCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1900.
X
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOCK- TAKING SAI-E!
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
Will close all that's left; of these lots. All our
garments fit perfectly and made in our own fac-
tory, where we steadily employ 60 girls. <
Lot 1—15 -dozen LADIES' or. MISSES' Lot 9— Don't -miss this; 16 dozen RIBDED
SHIRT WAISTS; former price 50c, to SLEEVELESS VESTS, ; all colors, rib-
be closed at, each '......25c ' boned through ' neck and armholes; 23c
_ _ ¦ quality; sale "price. .'. .......134 1-So
a v| left about 9 dozen PERCALE Lot • 10- Your choice of all our JG.00 and
¦WAISTS trimmed with 2 rows of in- ' . 57|00 TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, latest
wrtlon: termer price $1.00; to be closed^ creations .und newest . shades; your
at . each :•••• .......oOe choke of lot. each... '.....$3.75
Lot S— C dozen WHITE LAWN . WAISTS. Lot 11— n. ' & - O. • SHORT- WAISTED
¦with embroidered yoke; former price FHESCH.'COnSETS ; ' usual {1:00 qual- ¦
$1.00; to tie cIospiI at ..'..;....5Oc ity. all sizes; on sale at, each ....75c
rows ot braid; Coc quality; to be closed 'AFTER '.'TWILL 1 PAT YOU TO LOOK US UP.
at : i ...". «1»C SEE OUR WINDOW : HIPPLAY. 'WE ' PRIDE
Lot 5-Thls Is a snaD; but thwe'a only 3 ' OURSELVES ' IN OFFERING THE GREAT-
doten left: NAVY BLUE DUCK ' EST MUSLIN. UNDERWEAR VALUES EVER
OVKRSKIRTS; former value n.25; on - SHOWN. WE'LL .SAVE 'YOU '¦.ONE-THIRD'
8ale at ""' c OF "YOUR MONEY BY BUYING OUR MUS-
L°T 6-21 dozen^ CHILDREN'S .CALICO^ .. LIN STU FF DURING THIS SALE. ' WE ARE
DRESSES, all colors: to-be closed at.. l'Jc HOLDING. A GREAT.CLEAKANCE SALE IN
01115 ? 1^ S 5 H ? 0L ' LACES LAND EMBROIDERIES: .' *J OFF . ON
BjffDKERCHIEFS.2 colored ALT/ SHORT LENGTHS.'. , , v;
U \™ to nmnrn e ?mcr DI f' i P I i :HE ' • ' «ale^lr^ R^Lsy^fro^o^eiTin^^itiTclcsi'nK
, LIEU RIBBED HOSE, the kind, you time SELLING them. -This tells the whole
pay 2uc a pair for; on gale at.. 15c Btory. < - • ¦¦:.¦- •'--.-
1212=121* MARKET
Between Taylor and Jones.;
Manufacturers of readies* and Children's wear. Retailed ''at wholesale prices. •' ¦
- - - - -¦¦¦... _ . ¦; I
"We b'.nd minions of bookx-we'd like to bind
yours. Mysell-RollinF, 22 Clay. •
You never have a head In the moraine from
drinking Jesse Moore "AA" whisker- Try It.
The Chinese launch their vessels side-
wise and mount their horses from the off
side. :
3-Day Specials I
TflUBSDAY, FBIDAY, SATURDAY.
Do not be led Into Investiga-
tion with Inferior Olive Oils.
The Santa Barbara brand we
advertise to-day has no supe-
rior, either domestic or Im-
ported.
Olive Oil, California qt bot 70c
"Santa Barbara." n f fort* Aft-
guaranteed absolutely pure, lit UUl *rUU
regularly Sac and 50c. . r
Creamery Butter, 2 squares 65c
elsewhere 40c a square. •
Riesling, gallon 40c
a pleasin? and satisfying
table wine,
res^arly «3c.
Sliced Pineapple, large tin ISc
very choice and tender,
regularly 50c.
Brandy, bot 75c 3 bots $2.00
10-year-old California rrollnn O (\f\
Brandy— finest obtainable. gdllUIl UiUll
regularly « CO and $4 CO.
French Castile Soap, bar 25c
Virgin brand. • . • .
regularly 20c.
Jellies and Jams, 3 glasses 25c
This season's home-made, all kinds. '
regularly 10c a glass.
Hazelnuts in Maraschino, bot 75c
a pleasing addition to a cocktail,
regularly Jl 00. » •
Country Order* Solicited- Catalogs Free.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton it)
TELEPHONE MAIN* SZ22.
Teas, Gg frees,
Spicso, Extracts,
Sods, Baking Povider
3 tines as many Prcrslams with Teaa
3 times as many Premiums with Coffee
3 times as many Premiums with Spice
3 tines as many Premiums wills Extracts
3 tiaes as many Premiums with Soda
3 J^aay Premiums wilh Baking Powder
Fresh HoastQiS Coffees
1*>, is, «o, «s, 30, js, 4 q cts. L1»»
Pisro Teas
35t <Qt 5«>» <»<>• *Qi 80 Cis. per J.t>
Spice. Baking Powder, Extracts.Mush
10. »5. *s. 45 Ctf. per Can
A Rig Premium Given vrltli
Every Pnrcli.;ne
Good Time and Place to Bay
Prices .Never so Cbeap
Premlamii Xever wo rra n y
Great Anenm bmu Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
110- ?I2 Grant Ave. <Bet. gutter and Poet).
Kl Market St. vOpp. Powell).
HO Filth St.
SS5 Hayes St. "IS Third Et.
HIS Polk St. Ml Montgomery Ave.
£51« Mission St. 705 Larkln St.
SCnJ6 Sixteenth St. 1813 Devisadero St.
Ut Nir.th St. 47.1 Haicht St.
2O0S FlUmore St. SSS Mission St.
f: Market St. T731 SUh St.
OAKLAND STORES.
10CJ TVMhir.ctoa Kt. CIS E. 12th St.
'JZt Broa<Jway. 11S5 22A Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 12fiB Park St.. Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3 |Cf*/*f*
many GiVd! . li LL
DR.MCNULTY.
ninrs wELL-K.N-ow-N asd REi,rABT.T:oi.i>
J. bprcuiHtcwM Private. Nervous, and Blood b\%.
eitses i of Meti only. Bouii on private Disea.M-» and
\\e:»*ne«e9o!.Men.free. Over20yr,'«,xp, r lw,c"
Patieti ib ""r* 1 *' »<"»*- Term, r«won»bl/. Hour*»
to3rtiiHy:a30toS:a<» «••<¦(. SitrHlur*. lOtoli Consul-
UUon free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. KOSCOU McVULTY. 31. I>.
fZdli Kcarny St., Man Francisco, Cal.
Ci ,."PATENTS_! $,
MARKET ST.'aF.SSn!^
Sale's.
WITH
If a word about silk petticoats y^C S
Jwl more effective than argument in I/^VKT^J&I \ Es
HI silk petticoats in black and a!l the v\'" / / I lift
Jg soft pretty shades of lavender, blue. Ti^is^ / / *~\
Xy red and cerise, made of prood qual- -fi?$^^' / lly
HI . ity taffeta silk, stiffened with eleven W,*U ; 'i® /
v|8 rows of cord, bound with velveteen n«- ¦ «r ( Sk
J|| - the illustration is of the $5-°o ''•": '¦'¦: ¦ '> m& f«T
\l| .'taffeta ?ilk petticoat"; in black and / // , -,- ,tM ', i'^jJEl g&
«$! almost every called for street and /V/i ¦ *"^M* &£.
I '/f| evening color, finished with three //'.k ' ¦; . ; &. ' : <ffl£& fW
: Jsfl fancy accordion pleated ruffles arid m-- M^ v#|| g&
I Jj|| dust ruffle— perfect beauties; each J^ti^l^^i^k ST/
i H '"other silk petticoats at Vigs," $6.co, 0$^f&!*£htt W
$3 $6.05. $7-50, $i5-oo. $i7-5P and $20.00 (^Q^^^T^^ |f
I 4|| dress goods r/
Yg after inventory offerincrs. thnt * s *^^ fr
! «3 should keep «cissors snipping and ?a Ea
¦ yard sticks rattling at a furious rate K?
! £&i until every yard is tr^ne. Dp
I /U 60-Inch all-wool pray and brown stripe choviots. only 75 \fek
I Tfcts yards in the lot. so you'd hotter hurry for thorn tn save posslb.e <1I3- !**'
I €?3 npimintmont: rorfucp.l for a nuirk clfan-up from $1 <«1 a yard to Me. a^
Ji-yl fancy corded suitinps. blue. brown. green and heliotrope «gy
Yga grounds with heavy b'ack cords running lengthwise of goods; im- JJ&
| *s*j ported ihis season; per yard ** w j£/
<P domestics if?
V$5 three cases soft and fleecy flannelettes, stripes nnd plalda In Fa
4*3 Hght and dark colors, worth S 1-3 cents a yard: after Inventory By
t*3 thirty-five" dozen towels in hirdV-eye weave, size 16x21 Inches. I|z7
<ga hprnm^d" colored borders; e^ular price 12^0 each, now 9c |S*\
H neckwear fr
JPQ ladies" string: ties; pretty stripes, plaids, checks. Persian effects \t3r
*^H and polka dots In light, dark and medium colors; worth 15c to 20c. K$A
Kg your choice, each ••••• Dc Igy
11 linen collars Wj
C§a ladles' slightly soilod four-ply linen collars, in sizes 12'-4 to H'4. I SB/
5s regular price 1214c each, sale price ; 9c \^\
m house-furnishings [If
Jlf-SiJ the spirit of utilitarianism dominates the basement, thousands \4ty
«sS of things are there that no progressive housekeeper will do with- *£¦&
Mb| out— time savors, labor savers and money savers— for Instance: IJSr
Tag Mason jar?, pints, per doz 5^c ]»*£•
/fe3 Mason jars, quarts, por d<-.z «2c !'•£&
IBS oil lamp Ftnves. one burner, f-.ich |3C5a
t|g| 3-quart White Mountain ice cream freezers, each J2 10 !'*{%
JSai No. 7 tea kettles, lirst quality enarr.elel ware, each 5"c j&&
}as\ Hale's laundry snap, worth 4c a cake, at 2c
HI silverware "clean-up" ||£
JE| The after inventory silverware sale will be continued until every ~pf
§§i fg^^^^—^.nsy^
fl are "°tMy"he\
j LtPftJ-t. *» *i*c i
OnffL U{J Uod f ;
¦ L wb cappQf u n - I
Tapestry
Brussels
sewed, lined £JC r|>er
and laid ... \J *J w-yard
Send flv« cents ¦ tn stains* for
poetase on new tarntture cataZoc:
THE J. NOONAN
FURHTTURE COMPANY (IncV-
IO/7-/O23 MISSION STREET,
_. _ ,. -A.no VE SIXTH.
f hene S<mta li. Ban rrmelsw.
I THESTEINWAY I
£ riar.o l!« :.s rinccrely true ait as |j
B the paintings of the treat mas- W
B . t«-rs-; three £*noratior,£ have been m
£' makinir and ¦ Improving the ri
f_ SiPinuay-to-day it Is j»erfection K
PI — absolutely. U
I; Why pot tra^p your upright for H
L a KtPinway nahy GraniJ? R
Jr Bfmemlw. we «>11 Steinways it
£; on «ai?j- i:sL>-ment«. N
I Sherman, Clay & Co.'s 1
£ Pian? and Music House* j
B ' Cor. Kearny and Sutler nt».. S. F. j
H Cor. 13th & Broadway, Oakland. '
PAINLESS
¦>• DENTISTRY!
< ••••••••-»¦-?¦•»»«»»«««
. ,! Eventng* until ». Sundays all *
,, <*»y- ?
,, Kull Set of Teeth, pain- 4 '.
1 less extractions lrec.JM.OO uo a
Gold Crowns. I2-k $:i.."O up 7
" Filling. aSeupt
._' Teeth Without Plates Our t
? Specialty. We give eas. t
? •••¦*«•••-••-••••»•»»»>
'.'.'VAN VROOM,"
tOOt MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
Attention Is !svHed to a special sale of
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
We have received tfciF month nearly one
hundred new thincs in PNBUSfATIC TIRE
BICYCLE GEAR "VAGONS. with wire
wh«»*ifi and with wood hub wheels. These
wagons are a success, and cur stock is
more complete that ever, ot price* ranging
From SI30 Upward.
We ehnw the f.nfst things built la Pneu-
matic Watcns. and at prices which have
noi be«>n «-<jual* b d heretofore.
This is a Special Opportunity.
studebakeb"bros. f
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.
Sale's.