shipped from the arsenals in Bngland.
but all available rations are to be pur
chased at Vancouver. The Dominion Gov
ernment has been asked to make arrange
ments as soon as possible for the trans
portation from H-l" — to Vancouver of
a large number of troop? and munitions
of war destined for the Orient, but the
precise number of troops to be sent
through is not stated.
clal prayers were said for those engaseO
in war, for the diplomats in China and
for all in distress on account of tho Chi
nese situation. Considerable news was
received from "Washington by the Presi
dent on tho Chinese luestion. but thr
policy of having all information given to
the public at Washington was adhered io.
Special PUpatch to The Call
BESIEGERS OF TIENTSIN
WERE CHINESE MILITIA
NEW YORK, July 22.— The Sun has thi.-»
from Tientsin. July 16, via Chefu July 23
and Shanghai Juty 22: The officers com
manding the allied forces are here arrang
ing a form of Government for the city.
Men who are familiar with the Chine?*
say that most of the troops who dcfer.deJ
the native city were soldiers in the em
ploy of the salt commissioner, local
militia and mercenaries. General Fuku
shima, the Japanese commander, says no
recognized among the uniforms worn by
the defenders those of the army of tho
west defense and the army of the centra!
defense.
Major Waller, with twenty fusiliers, anu
Captain Gwynne ¦with ten American
marines have captured a fort west of the
north city after a daring charge. They
also captured four fcur-inch rifled guns.
two nine-pounders, several small runs,
and a large quantity of ammunition. Th:/
did not lose a man.
The report that General N!eh. the Chi
nese commander, had been killed is con
firmed. He met death on the morning the
allies for the second time captured tnc
west arsenal.
PLACES NO FAITH IN
CHINESE AUTHORITIES
ST. PAUL. M!nn.. July 22.— W. N
Lovatt. who spent forty years Jn the cus
toms service in China. Is in this city. In
an interview to-day Mr. Lovatt declared
his absolute disbelief .in the authenticity
of the telegram received at Wlshinpton.
signed by Minister Conger. He believes
the last authentic in-~rmation from any
of the legationers was the message from
the secretary of the German Lesratlon.
countersigned by Sir Robert Hart, ami
dated Jur.c IS. Mr. Lovatt says that Sir
Robert Hart was a favorite with the Chi
nese and the fact that no later message
has come from nlm means that every for
eigner In Peking has been killed, for 'f
any one could get a message out of Pe
king it would be. Sir Robert Hart-
Mr. Lovatt also discredits the storv
that the lesatloners found refuge behind
the palace walls. Of the general situ
ation, llr. Lovatt says all will depend on
the attitude of LI Hun? Chang, who has
heretofore been friendly and will probably
continue so.
*y HE report published in Sunday's Call that an appeal had been received by the United
*r States Government from China is confirmed by dispatches from both Washington and
Canton, where President McKinley is stopping. The exact character of the message is not
definitely known. Washington reports that the Chinese Government has appealed to the
United States to mediate with other powers to bring about a restoration of order and a re
newal of regular diplomatic relations. A telegram from Canton states that the appeal was
made to the Presid3nt personally. No reply has yet been'nrade, but the State Department
will assure Minister Wu of its benevolent intentions.
v- A. report: of the jnassacre^oUioreignecs jn^ekjng> has.reached-NiuGbwaag^^A-China
man who has arrived there, and who professes to have been a servant of a European in
Peking, states that he left the capital on July 12, on which date the envoys were, or had
been, murdered. On the other hand, there is a sheaf of Chinese assurances that the lega
tions are still safe. Yuan Shi Kai, according to one dispatch, now declares that "the
authorities are devising means for the rescue and protection of the legations." Other advices
represented the same official as wiring to the British Consul at Chefu that the legations had
been attacked, but were safe on July 11.
The story that the Dowager Empress is removing the court to Singan Fu. far away in
the interior, is revived with much circumstantial detail.
A provisional government has been established at Tientsin and a proclamation issued
bv the allies that they are not warring on China.
A full list of the American casualties at Tientsin is published this morning.
Minister Wu has advanced a proposition to deliver Minister Conger alive to Admiral
Remey.
THE CALL'S SUMMARY
OF THE CHINESE NEWS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Juiy 22. — Secretary
Long's attention has been called to the
condition of the ships on the Asiatic sta
tion. The reports received last Friday by
mail from Manila and Hongkong indicate
that the vessels of Rear Admiral Kempff - s
fleet arc badly in need of repairs of an ex
tensive character. It is possible that in
view of this showing the vessels now held
in reserve and in ordinary at League Isl
and and ether places will be dispatched
to the Ariatic station, replacing those
ships which require a great deal of over
hauling to put them into good condition.
There is every indication that the ships
under Kc-mpff will see Jcng service in Chi
nese waters, and while there is apt to be
no active work they must be in condition
for fast steaming and for making lor.g
trips. This requirement cannot be met
by most of the ships now on the station.
Constructor Hobson, who Is in a hospi
tal at Yokohama with an attack of inter
mittent fever, has written the chief con
structor in the same lir.e. He urges that
in view of probable demands to b<? made
upon our ships in Asiatic waters some
provision be made for replacing vessels
which have been on the elation continu
ously since the tattle of Manila.
DEARTH OF OFFICIAL
NEWS FROM CHINA
WASHINGTON. July 22.— With the ex
ception of the brief dispatch from Ad
miral Kempff announcing that the New
ark was going to Nagasaki, there has
been nothing received in Washington to
day by the State or Navy Departments
regarding China. This was also true of
the Chinese legation. Minister Wu saying
after dinner to-night that he had no wcrd
from his country to-day. Ihe latter con
tinues extremely optimistic of the safety
of the legatloners in Peking, and hopes
that the dispatch from Minister Conger
received here c>n Friday is but the pre
cursor of more detailed information of a
still blighter character from the Chinese
camp. K " : if.-:
Many of his callers to-day inquired of
him about the report that China had
apked the United States Government to
exercise its good offices for his country
in the present crisis, but he declined posi
tively to make any statement on the sub
ject.
At the Japanese legation, which has
bf en a source of much of the news which
has recently come from China, the of
ficials also were without advices to-day.
Nothing has been heard at the legation
of the report published in the American
newspapers that the Japanese Govern
ment is about to dispatch -a second divi
sion of troops from Yokohama into Chi
nese territory-
When Secretary Hay received, the
Conger dispatch on Friday he prompt Jy
telegraphed the fact to our Embassadors
and Ministers abroad, coupling it with In
structions to lay it before the respective
Special Cab!» to The Call and New York- Her
&Id.- O;,vfriRl-.t, X&y, trffOxe H*raM >ab-
Ushmr Octnpany.
CHEFU. via Shanghai. July 2Z—
The captain of a British bark
Just arrived from Niuehanc re
ports that there arrived there on
Thursday a Chinaman professing O b-
a foreigner's servant, who escaped from
Peking on the i2th, on which date the
British legation was destroyed and for
eigners butchered. His story Is credited
in Niuchang.
Another telegram came from the Gover
nor cf Shangtung. Yuan Shi Kai. last
night. He says:
•'I have received definite information
from Peking that all the Ministers are
well and there is no illness among them.
The proper Chinese authorities are devis
ing means for their rescue and protec
tion."
AMERICAN WARSHIPS
IN NEED OF REPAIRS
Says British Legation
Was Destroyed on
July 12.
Story Told by a
Chinese.
BRINGS NEWS
OF MASSACRE
Special Dispatch to The Cai:.
NEW YORK, July 22.— The Journal ha»
this from Chefu. July 20: Information
has been received here that the Russians
are advancing- upon Peking and will soon
be in possession of the Chinese capita!.
All foreigners in Peking are reported
safe with the exception of the German
Minister. They are all under the pratec
tion of the pro-foreign genera!, Ju^g Lu.
Missionaries Who Escaped.
BERLIN. July 22.— The German Consul
at Swatou telegraphs under date of July
21 that all the German missionaries from,
the Interior of the province of Kwang
tung have arrived there safely.
: y->t ; HAN"GHAr.~~JuTy 21— U Hunir
Chang, who arrived here to-day on
the steamer Anjslns from Hong
» J kor.e. was received coldly. The
native officials sent an escort of 300
anr.ed troops, but as the French Consul
objected to their passage through the
French settlement, they were withdrawn
and Earl LJ landed under an escort oS
twelve French policemen. Once out of
French Jurisdiction he was handed over to
the cosmopolitan settlements police, who
escorted him to his place of residence.
The Anplng. having munitions of war on
board, violated the harbor regulations by
entering and was compelled to leave the
limits.
The Consuls have decided not to call
upon LJ Hung Chanp officially*
ALLEGED ADVANCE OF
RUSSIANS ON PEKING
Foreign Consuls Decide
Not to Call Upon Him
Officially.
Cool Reception at
Shanghai.
NO WELCOME
FOR EARL LI
From Black and White.
VIEW OF TIENTSIN FROM THE NORTH SIDE OF THE RIVER NEAR THE RAILROAD STATION.
yJjQASHIXGTOX, July 22.— Minister Wu has such confi
«**^ dence in, the genuineness of Conger's dispatch and such
faith :hat the Chinese Government is protecting the foreign
Ministers in Peking that he is said to have set on foot another
plan to demonstrate absolutely to this Government that the
American Minister is alive. This plan is startling in its incep
tion, and if carried out will present the most sensational episode
of this most dramatic situation. It is nothing short of a plan to
deliver Minister Conger into the hands of Admiral Remey at
Taku, that he may in his own person speak for the integrity
of the Imperial Government and tell the world the truth regard
ing the situation in Peking.
This proposition was so startling" that it has been met with
incredulity, but the State Department has been so impressed
by the Conger message that it now has confidence that Min
ister VYu and his friends can accomplish what ordinarily ap
pe.irs to be impossible. Secretary Hay is confident Conger is
alive. He believes implicitly in the genuineness of the message
received on Friday. He places great reliance in any proposi
tion which the Chinese Minister suggests, but he was surprised
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chinese Representative Will Try
to Produce the American Minis
ter Alive and Well in Proof of
Peking Government's Sincerity.
ni. PETERSBURG, July 22.— The Russian Government to-
day issued an imperial ukase ordering that a state of
siege be proclaimed in the military districts of Siberia,
Turkestan and Zeminitrichensk, and that all reservists in those
districts be calied to the colors.
CHEFUJuJy 20 (via Shanghai, July 21.)— Rail communica
tion between Tong Ku and Tientsin has been re-established.
The fighting which has taken place since the capture of the na
tive city resulted in the capture of the arsenal where Admiral
Seymour halted in his flight before the Chinese troops. The
Russians have taken Lutai, occupying the railway from Tong
Ku. A provisional government has been established at Tien
tsin. A proclamation was issued by the allies declaring that
they are not warring upon China, but are suppressing rebels.
I have just visited Port Arthur. The general opinion there
is that the Russians are indisposed to spare more troops for
the Tientsin-Peking expedition, but will reserve them for the
occupation of Manchuria and the Liaotung peninsula and for
ihe defense of their Korean interests.
A bitter persecution of native- Christians is on foot in this
province.
LONDON, July 23. — This dispatch from its. special corre
spondent is published by the Daily Telegraph:
"SHANGHAI, Sunday. — A trustworthy correspondent in the
interior writes:
" 1 have seen the contents of a private telegram from
Viceroy Chang Chung to the Governor of Shantung saying that
the Empress Dowager and court are moving to Singan Fu. I also
know that several months past the present attack on foreign
ers was arranged and that the Boxers have been encouraged
to take the initiative. The Boxers would never have dared to
draw blood against absolute and determined opposition from
Peking.
"'Rice is now being brought up on the Haw and Tan
rivers to Singan Fu for imperial needs.'
"The American Consul here is pressing the Chinese to sup
ply direct proof that the Ministers are still alive. I believe Min
ister Conger's message was really written about June 30."
WU PROPOSES TO
DELIVER CONGER
OVER TO REMEY
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by New
York Herald Company. Republication of this dispatch is pro
hibited. All rig-hts reserved in th« United States
and Great Britain.]
Chinese Court Is Moving
From Pekingto Singan Fu
and Empress Dowager
Encourages Boxers.
All Reserves Called to the
Colors for Immediate
Service Against Yellow
Enemies of the Czar.
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT PROCLAIMS A STATE
OF SIEGE IN ITS GREAT ASIATIC DISTRICTS OF
SIBERIA TURKESTAN AND ZEMINITRICHENSK
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO; MONDAY, JULY 23, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXYI1I-KO. 53.
Continued on Fifth Page.
CRUISER VARIAG STARTS
FOR HER TRIAL TRIP
Russian Warship Built by tho
Cramps I/eaves the Shipyard
-, end Steams Out to Sea.
PHILADELPHIA. July 22.— The im
perial Russian cruiser Variag left Crnmps*
Shipyard th!s morning er. route for the
New England coast, where her official
speed trial will be made. She is expected
to reach Boston to-morrow mormr.s.
From there she will go. to the trial courso
near Boone Island, off the New Hamp
shire coast.
If the weather la favorable the Variaj
will return to Cramps' shipyard about the
last of July.
' Among prominent Russians on beard
are: Captain E. N. Stchesr.ovitch. presi
dent of the Inspection board; Captain V.
O. Behr. captain of the Varias: Captain
\V. . Baron Fersen. naval attache of tho
embassy; Engineer Constructor P. E.
Tzchernigovtky. Colonel N. I. Barh.ukln.
inspector of armor; Lieutenant Comrrar.
der P. P. Makesonsky. electrical oCicer;
Lieutenant Commander E. K. Craft, ex
ecutive officer of the Varias; Chief Engi
neers A. I. Fronzkevitch and M. CTeykcff
and Dr. A. A. Short.
Edwin S. Cramp will, as usual, conduct
the trial en behalf of the builders.
PANAMA AND COLON SAID
TO BE IN REBELS' HANDS
KINGSTON. Jamaica. July 22.— Ccptaia
Moller cf the German steamer F!and»ria.
which arrived here to-day from Colombia,
reports that the Government troops en
tered Colon from Panama on July 15, tho
latter city having fallen Into the nanrta of
the rebels. & - •--'¦£¦ ¦
He asserts that Colon also is now lr^ tho
possession of the rebels, having been eas
ily taken on July 15 without a fishc.
Labinaha. in the Department of Bolivai,
Is surrounded by the insurgents.
The rebels have offered a re-ward of J10CO
for the capture, dead or alive, cf Captain
Christensen of the Colombian warshiu
Cordova.
The Government proposed to the captain
of the Flanderia that he should take loto
soldiers to Colon, but he declined on th<»
ground that Colon was in the , hands or
the rebels and that the troops could not
land. _, :_• >- A
IrsinPekin?. Several replies have been
rece ivefat S3 State Department in re
-D-n«c to the Secretary's dispatcn. but
Ihc? are withheld from publication for
the pre^nt. The officials, here will abate
n-ne of the efforts now making to obtain
more definite news and £^°™g
the relief column on its wa> to the CD.-
Tp to'a late hour to-night nothing has
been heard from Major General Chaff ee.
who i" to command the American forces
m China and whose arrival at Nagasaki
is hourly expected.
CHINESE EMPEROR'S
MESSAGE TO BERLIN
PARIS. J«ly 22.— The Berlin correspond
ent of the Temps says:
"It is asserted in Berlin t.iat the Em
r-eror of China has sent a telegram to
Emperor William deploring the assassina
tion of Baron von Krtteler l.y the rebels
and declaring that the muroercrs are be
ing actively sought and will be punished.
He also expresses a hope that the rela
tions of China with Germany would not
suffer from this state of things.
KOREANS AND CHINESE
CLASH ON THE BORDER
YOKOHAMA. July 22.— The Korean Gov
ernment continues to send troops to the
frontier, a collision with intruding Chi
nese having already occurred.
The Japanese papers express sympathy
with the unfortunate Emperor of China.
but are unanimous and emphatic in de
claring that an alliance between China
and Japan is quite impossible.
ADVANCE AWAITS THE
ARRIVAL OF RUSSIANS
LONDON. July 23.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times says:
"The United States Government has
communicated to the Russian Govern
ment its information that Emperor Kwaiig
Su was living and in full possession of his
imperial functions on July 9. As soon as
the Russian General Lonevltch (reported
from Vladivostok to bo marching to the
scene of hostilities with an army corps
and a complete artillery brigade) arrives
at Tientsin the advance on Peking will
begin." _
MADEa SUPPLY STATION.
VANCOUVER, B. C July 22.— A special
from . Ottawa • says the Dominion ; Govern
ment has received a cable ! from : the War
Office in ; London 'stating that Vancouver
Is to be made a supply" point for British
troops in China. Ammunition will be
CHICAGO. July 22.— The Chinese pop
ulation of Chicago Is perturbed over the
reports from the various parts of the city
that because of Caucasian antipathy
aroused by the trouble In the Celesdal
empire, a boycott has been instituted
against Chinese laundries and truck
farms. Wu Sung Lee. a banker in China
town, and probably the richest Mongolian
in the city, says four laundries have been
forced to suspend business during the past
week and Chinese laundries generally re
port a falling off of fifty per cent in their
business.
Spscial Prayers Said-
CANTON, Ohio. July 22.— President Mc-
Kinley attended service at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church to-day Instead of at his
usual place. Bishop -Leonard of the dio
cese of Ohio, a personal friend of the
President, conducting the services. Spe-
CITIZENS OF CHICAGO
BOYCOTT THE CHINESE
Special DlFratch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 23.— A special cable
to tho Journal from Chefu July 29 says:
A brilliant dash against a large force
cf Chinese at Tientsin was made this
morning by a detachment of American
trocps, assisted by some English fusiliers.
The object was to capture? a battery of
large caliber cannon which had been do
ing great damage. The Ar.;ilo-Amc;rican
troops charged the large fort across an
open space, and were exposed to a hot
but poorly directed fire from the enemy.
They dashed into the fcrt. after engaging
the Chinese In a sharp hand-to-hand
fipht, put them to flight and remained
masters of the fort.
Eight larsre mw!»rn puns •were cap
tured,, torether with carts and all acces
sories. The battery' was 'mrnediately
turned upon the fleeing enemv. who under
the well-directed fire suffered heavy
losses.
- The victory was won in an Incredibly
short time against an overwhelmingly su
perior force, and despite the charge under
fire and the fight in the fort neither the
Americans nor the British lost a single
xcan.
The Chinese army is now retreating to
ward Peking.
FORT CAPTURED BY
AMERICAN MARINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.MISSING.
Company B— Private Myron C. Miller.
Coirpsnv D— 5>«!rseants George Bailey and
Edward Gorman, Corporals Sherman Jack-
Fon and Silas A. Christcnberry and Pri
vates Thomas L. llaloney. Joseph Munch.
Fred E. Xewhall, Davis Kennedy, Carroll
L. Dinsree, William Murphy and Joseph
Ryan.
Company E — Privates _Wllllam Gilbert.
Joseph McMahon and Patrick J. Murphy.
Company F— Corporals Frank M. Leon
ard and Gustav Barth and Privates Fran
cis J. Macgee. Frederick E. Shoecraft, Ed
¦ward Wright, Arthur Abies, Orin C. Wes
tern, DaVid A. Murphy, David H. Ham
mond. Harry A. Norton, John P. Dlmond
and G<»orge F. Murphy.
Company Q — Corporals Dennis Morlarity,
Stephen Oda and Thomas H. Curren and
Privates I* B. King. Philip Wublng and
Walker F. Coleman.
Company H— Westley Beckhart. Cor-"
norals Albert Juhl, Jacob Mengel. Gerhart
Hockermann end George Hoar and Pri
vates-Andrew rtoden, Ross Westervelt,
Lewis Irish. John McSweeney, Charles
Riley, Ralph Richards and David Morris.
SerKfant« Frederick Winters and James
Murphy. Corporals J. McDonald and Jo
seph W. Hunt and Privates A. S. Chap
man. J. Coon»y, P.obcrt Desmond. F. T.
Egleren. P. J. KeJleber. I.aurin Larson.
, G. E. Mclvor. C. I). Miller. Calvin J.
Matthews, J. C. McGonegal, A. D. Pen
ney, Henry A. Reikers. . John Stokes and
J. Vanhorn. ¦•
1A/OUNDED.
KILLED.
-SERGEANT CHARLES J. KOLLOCK.
CORPORAL THOMAS KELLEY an<*.
PRIVATES J. E. McCONKEY and ISAAC
W. PATTUDGE.
Following is a list of the casualties
to the marines:
TIENTSIN, July 13. midnight (via
Chefu. July 20, and via Shang
hai, July '22k — Kisrhlcen members
of the United States Infantry
w«?re buried near the barracks this
(Sunday) evening. The regiment
paraded. Chaplain Marvir.e officiated
and the bodies v.-cre inclosed in gran
dees' coffins taken at Tientsin]
Following is a list of the casualties
suffered by the regriment:
KILLED.
Company A— JOHN A. TOTTER and
CTDSCE II. B1XKI-ET.
Company S— CORPOP.AT^ RICHARD B.
FLATEP. ar.d PRIVATES JOHN' Mc
rAKTLAND and GOTTFRIEDRVENSON*.
Company C-nAHXEV GOT.NE, ROB
ERT B. GORDON.
Company D-JOHN H. rOKTER.
Company F— oscar olsex, johx d.
DREIIER. AIXXAXDER REOHBERO,
CASPER VTERTFEGER and JAMES B.
TAVLOn.
Company G-CLVDE R JAMESON',
WILLIAM I.. TARTLOW. FREDERICK
r. P.IEFFEX.VACHT. JOHN* P. SMITH
an4 DEWET ROGERS.
WOUNDED,
Corr.ror.y A— Arno'.a rernzsy. John J.
ntmcn<l. Martin Puriphy. George F. Mur
r.hy and John Seymour.
Company B— Corporals Myrtl* Conrow.
John Gallant and Privates Arthur W.
nuRgle?. Robert Crawford, Henry Sta:
llnp«, Harry Van Leer, ratrick Cox,
Frank \V. Southworth. William S. Rowley
ond CJartnce C. McBrlde.
Company C— Sorpeants E. Omey, T. Per
ry. Joseph A. Dory and A<leM>ert Wa'.ltcr.
Corporals Jame* R. Burton and Peter
Fsvaft. Murician HaLrry K. KWe nnd Pri
vates Samuel F. Whipps, Uleliard W.
W«rbb, Calvin Matthews, John D. Closs-on.
Ulysses Jumper, James J. .O'Neil, .Henry
J. Scharer and Robert H. von Sctlick.
©-e-«-3- a - 9 -©-•-©-«
Copyright, -£00, by the Associated Press.
Sons of Benjamin Picnic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. July 22.— A . picnic was
given to-day at Schuetzen Park by tha
Independent Order of the Sons of Benja
min. The picnic was largely attended,
about twenty-five hundred passing
through the gates.
OFFICIAL LIST OF KILLED
AND WOUNDED AT TIENTSIN
PITTSBURG. July 22.— The members of
the Amalgamated Association have de
cided to insist on the Republic Iron and
Steel Company signing the scale for the
new base rate of $5 50 per ton for pud
dling. The American Tin Plate Workers
have voted to give discretionary powers
to their committee, and it is probable that
the tin plate scale will soon be adjusted.
Over 13,000 men are interested.
Insist Upon New Scale.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., July 22.— The
Powers murder trial will be resumed to
morrow morning. The attorney? on both
tides are observing the utmost secrecy re
garding their movements and it is impos
sible to forecast with accuracy what step
they will take next, but it is said the
prosecution will not allow any evidence
that has a bearing- on the question as to
the man who fired the shot that killed
William Goelic-1 to come out in this trial.
Powers was indicted as an accessory be
fore the fact for conspiring with others
to murder Governor Goebc-1, and all of the
evidence as to the identitv of the assassin
is to be held in reserv? for the trial of Jim
Eefuse to Disclose Future Plans in
Prosecution of the Goebel
Case.
ATTORNEYS KEEPING
THE EVIDENCE SECRET
According to the latest official reports,
the country around Tientsin is clear of
hostile Chinese. The flower of the Chi
nese army in that section has been de
feated at Tientsin, and these army ex
perts calculate that Its power is so broken
that that particular army never can be
reorganized in season to offer formidable
resislance; so they agree that the time is
ripe for a stroke of bold generalship, such,
for instance, as French's ride to Klmber
ley.
. Further proof of an official character of
the mistake made by foreign commanders
in the attack on the Taku forts "is con
tained in a communication received at
the State Department from United
States Consul... Fowler at Chefu.
He 'has transmitted ' an ' imperial edict
¦which was supplied to him by telegraph
by the Chinese Governor of Shantung,
A particularly deplorable eifcct of the
reasoning of the European governments
on this point, in the estimation' of our
Government, is the abandonment of tho
Idea that there Is particular need for
haste and for taking even desperate
chances in the effort to get the Interna
tional relief column through to Pek'ng.
It is true that the latest advices from
Taku indicate that, whereas it was orig
inally estimated by the foreign command
ers that the expedition could not be start
ed before August 15, it Is now regarded by
them as possible to make a beginning
about the 1st of August. But the. military
experts here, who have been closely scan
ning ail the reports from Tientsin 'that ap
pear to be worthy of credit,' feel that even
now the way is open to Peking and that
tho march should begin with tne force at
present on the Peiho, leaving the powers
to bring up reinforcements to reopen the
base, should the first expedition be cut
off. •' . ¦
Means Unnecessar;
Delay.
The point of difference between the
State Department and the European Gov
ernments is that the latter are proceed
ing on the belief that all of the foreign
Ministers and missionaries and guards at
Peking have been killed and Insist in
dealing with the Chinese Government on
that basis, thereby assuming a hostile at
titude that tends to destroy tho last
chance of availing of whatever friendly
sentiment may yet exist among the pow
erful Chinese Viceroys and the imperial
Uovernmtnt itself. Thus the French re
ply, as indicated in the four conditions
laid down by M. Delcasse yesterday, seta
an impossible task for the imperial Gov
ernment in Its present straits and tends
to drive it at once to make terms with
the Boxers and Prince Tuan's party.
On the other hand our Government,
while not guaranteeing the truth of the
advices from the Chinese Government as
to the safety of the foreign Ministers, is
willing to accept the statements tempor
arily, in the meantime remitting none of
its efforts to get access to Mr. Conger,
through the use of military force if need
be. By following out this policy the Stale
Department argues that it retains two
chances instead of one. It may reach Mr.
Conger with troops and also may secure
his deliverance through the friendly of
ttces of some of the powerful Chinese of
ficials, which the powers are not likely to
obtain for their own people by following
out their present policy, it may be stateu
also that the United States Government
has not and does not intend to relinquish
any part of its claim for compensation
and reparation in the ultimate settlement.
Its position In that respect, it holds, will
not be affected unfavorably by prosecut
ing Its efforts to make use of the friendly
sentiments of the Chinese officials.
Attitude of Europe.
WASHINGTON, July 22.—Presi
dent McKlnley has received
what purports to be a direct
appeal from the Chinese imper
ial Government to use his good
offices to extricate that Government from
the position in which it has been placed
as a result of the Boxer uprising. Al
though the exact text of the appeal made
by the Emperor of China to France, as
outlined in the cable dispatches of yes
terday, has not been made known here,
it is believed _jf.at the dispatch to the
President is siv*Ilar in terms. In our cas e
the communication was made through
Minister Wu to the State Department.
Thus far a Hnal answer has not been re
turned. The French Government answer
ed at once, but that answer will not serve
us. The United States Government is
proceeding upon an entirely new line
of policy in the treatment of the case.
Unfortunately the State Department finds
itself alone in this, but nevertheless it is
convinced its plan is tiie best, and it has
behind it the consoling assurance that at
present all of the European Governments
have tacitly admitted that an error was
made in the beginning in* not following
the common sense advice of the United
States naval commander at Taku.
"An army of. 40,000 regular troops is all
that is necessary to take\Peking." he con
tinued. "The stories to the effect that the
Chinese have an army of 950.000 men are
rid'culous. There .'ire not more than 20 000
drl. 'od troops in China. The -rest are
poor..- organized "and poorly armed. if
they had mod<irn arms they would not
know how to use them, and they do not
constitute an effective fighting force."
"Warship Seaches Hongkong.
HONGKONG. July 22.— The Second In
dian Brigade has been ordered to remain
here. The British first-class battleship
Goliath and tho Indian transports with
troops have arrived off Hongkong.
"Knowing the Chinese as I do," said
Mr. Roberts, "I have little doubt that all
the foreigners in Peking were murdered
long ago. The Government power is weak
and the mob undoubtedly-, got the upper
hand. I know too much of what Chinese
mobs have done in the past to doubt that
they murdered the foreigners.
CHICAGO, July 22,-John P. Roberts of
Shanghai, a civil engineer, who has spent
thirty-eight years in China and who left
Shanghai last May, passed through Chi
cago to-day on his way home to New
York. .:• \;,Y- ; ;:\-v
FORT RIL.EY.Kans., July 22.— Rush or
ders have come 1 for the Seventh United
States Battery of Heavy Artillery at Fort
Riley to tiroceed with all haste to the
Orient, calling for orders at Nagasaki.
General Merrlam promulgated the order in
Denver. The battery was organized dur
ing the Spanish war and since that time
has been idle. The equipment embraces
the heaviest caliber guns in the service,
with a full complement of mortars, the
battery being composed of 250 men and ten
officers. '^'>£
NEW YORK, July 22.— Two companies
of the Eighth United States Infantry
moved off the transport McClellan this
morning and started for .Fort Snelllng,
Minnesota. Other members of the regi
ment are en route from Cuba, and after
the recruiting of the organization to its
full number it will be sent to China. The
men have been in Cuba eighteen months,
but they looked to be in fine condition.
About 2500 persons were at the docks to
meet the soldiers, and the Young Men's
Christian Association provided coffee and
other refreshments. The other eight com
panies of the regiment were delayed by a
storm off Cape Hatteras.
MOVEMENTS OF TROOPS
ORDERED TO THE ORIENT
It can be stated on authority that the
President still feels the United States is
a favored nation in the fight of the Chi
nese officials' and he has not yet aban
doned the hope that Minister Conger and
other Americans in Peking will be res
cued, if not by the allied forces, by the
unaided efforts of the United States, first
through appeals to the Chinese Govern
ment and second by hurrying American
troops . forward to assist the Chinese In
quelling the rebellion, if such rebellion Is
not authorized by the empire.
There are only two contingencies that
can change this stand of the President.
The one is direct and reassuring news that
the Americans have not suffered in
China; the other that the Americans have
been butchered. In the event of good
news there will be less disposition to push
forward additional forces. Should the
worst reports be officially confirmed, then
every resource of the Government will be
taxed to secure proper reparation from the
Chinese Government. The Government
will use every effort to prevent actual war
between China and the United States and
will also continue to offer its good offices
to prevent international complications and
to preserve the integrity of the empire.
Not only is the President looking direct
ly after the situation in China, but ho is
also watching the trend of affairs
throughout the world, especially as they
affect the European powers directly con
cerned in the march on Peking^ Informa
tion has been sought by Mr. McKInley
from attaches and former attaches to these
powers, as well as to Oriental countries,
and the mass of details in possession
of the President, it is said, is astonishing.
Embassador Tower of St. Petersburg is
likely to be in Canton in a day or two. He
comes here with valuable information as
to the Czar's position in the Far East.
ported as hurriedly as possible and or
ders to the American military and navy
commanders in the East will be allowed to
stand. -'.,-.-.-
¦ The President has ; decided - that there
shall be no cessation in the efforts of the
Government to carry out its policy of
protecting Americans and looking after
tho interests of -American citizens now .in
China. To, that end tho troojr>s now-or
dered to proceed to China will be trans
• ..:-"•..- ¦-.•-.'-¦ ..-¦ ¦¦.-*. ¦ - ¦ -¦ 4 •
CANTON, Ohio, July 22.— President Mc-
Klnley has in hi3 possession the dispatch
from Emperor. Kwang Su, but oflicial ac
tion has: not ye.t been taken on it and its
contents cannot l>o learned. Following?
his habit to make haste slowly, the Presi
dent will give thn message deep considera
tion before replying to it.' -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRESIDENT BELIEVES
IN CONGER'S SAFETY
A brief cablegram was received by Sec
retary Long to-day from Rear Admiral
Kempff at Taku. He announced that tho
Newark was going over to Nagasaki to be
docked and cleaned. Although he did not
say so, it is assumed that he is going
with her. as she is his flagship.
Five hundred United States marines
started from this city to-day direct for
China. They were placed on a special train
bound for San Francisco, whence they
will cross the Pacific in an army trans
port. This is the largest body of marines
that has yet been dispatched to the Orient,
and the departure was made conspicuous
by the presence of General Hey wood, the
commandant of" marines, and the full ma
rine band. Major Dickens commands the
detachment. vs&UgfQl
It is the intention of the administration
to withdraw, our forces, military and
naval, after the Americans in Peking have
been relieved and wash its hands of Chi
nese affairs, looking only to the preserva
tion of such privileges as It has a right to
retain for Americans,
The Governor of Peking and the Viceroy
of Chi Li are 'charged to issue instructions
to Investigate and then to deal intelligent
ly with each case of wrongdoing. The
edict states that recently evil-doers cre
ated riots, deliberately rebelled and mur
dered good subjects — certainly, it says, a
deplorable state of affairs. All Viceroys,
Governors and high military authorities
are ordered to obtain accurate details, pre
sumably of the, outrages committed by
Chinese, and to make such seizures and to
take such action as the cases warrant in
order to stop the disturbances.
The administration is determined to keep
aloof from any movement that would un
necessarily entangle the Government of
the United States in Chinese affairs. It.
of course, must join heartily with the
other powers in the effort to get to Pe
king, but it does not follow from that co
operation that it will be led into taking
part in the bickerings or dissensions that
ensue over the future of China after our
people have been taken care of.
Punishment for Rioters.
Yuan Shi Kai. at Tsinan, the capital of
the province. It was issued on July 1<
and relates to the present hostilities be
tween China and the foreign powers.
Protection for Foreigners.
The dispatch containing the edfet came
to the State Department in such confused
phraseology that it is impossible to do
more than approximately state its sense.
The edict appears to state in beginning
that, owing to the trouble existing be
tween the Christians and the populace,
and to the subsequent seizure of the Taku
forts, which aroused the military to arms, ;
the imperial court was laying great
weight upon its international relations.
The Manchu generals. Viceroys and Gov
ernors are therefore ordered to ascertain |
whether the merchants and missionaries
of the various nations residing in the open
ports are being protected, and the asser
tion is being made that prefects and mag
istrates have sent repeated edicts to pro
tect the legations. Orders also have been
sent to the provincial authorities to pro
tect the missionaries. While hostilities
have not yet ceased, the Chinese officials
are directed to give protection to the mer
chants and others of the various nations
in accordance with treaties and must not
fail to obey. ,
The edict refers to the killing last month
of the Japanese Chancellor, Sugi Yama.
which it characterizes as startling. It says
that a short time thereafter the German
Minister was murdered while residing in
the capital conducting international af
fairs. The edict expresses the deepest
sympathy on account of his death, and
asserts that stringent instructions would
be issued to seize the murderer, who must
be caught and severely punished after the
termination of the present hostilities, to
ffether with those who have murdered for
eigners and missionaries or taken their
property without cause. The language of
the edict as given by Mr. Fowler on this
subject is very much involved, but it ap
pears to exempt from punishment those
who have killed foreigners "connected
with the war."
Five-mile professional handicap — Won by
Frank Kramer (scratch); TV. A. Rutz. N>w
Haven (15C yards). s<»cond: Tom Cooper
(scratch), third; Bob Walthour. Atlanta (jO
yards), fourth. Time. 11:14 4-5.
Team match race, three mile heats between
Tom Cooper of Detroit and Orlando Stevens of
Ottumwa. Iowa, and Jay Eaton of Vallsburg
and Frank Kramer of East Orange, for points—
Won by Cooper and Stevens in two heat3.
F. G. McFarland of San Jose, who was
down on the programme, paired with
Orlando Stevens of Ottumwa, Iowa, for a
match race against Jay Eaton of Vails
burg and Frank Kramer of East Orange,
was unable to appear and Tom Cooper of
Detroit took his place.
Cooper and Stevens won the race from
the Jersey men in two heats, scoring 7
out of the 11 points In each heat. • Sum
maries:
NEW YORK. July 22.— There was a
large attendance at the Vailsburg (X. J.)
cycle track to-day. In the five-mile pro
fessional handicap J. P. Jacobson of New
Haven. Conn., met with a serious acci
dent. His wheel flipped and M. H. Col
lette of New Haven, who was so close
behind that he could not turn out, ran
directly over Jacobson' s neck. Injuring
him so badly that he had to be carried oft
the field.
Bicycle Race at Vailsburj*.
KRAMER THE WINNER.
Captures the Five-Mile Professional
"PRETORIA, July 22.— The Boers made
a determined attack yesterday to destroy
a post at the railhead, thirteen miles east
of Heidelberg, which they attacked with
three guns and a pompom and surrounded.
"They were, however, beaten off after a
sharp engagement before reinforcements,
summoned from Heidelberg, had arrived."
LONDON. July 22.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts:
Sharp Engagement Lasting
Several Hours.
Beaten OS by the Garrison After a
BOERS ATTACK A POST
NEAR HEIDELBERG
Administration Still Proceeding on the- Theory That Foreign Lega
tions in Peking Are Safe, but That Their Early Relief
Is Imperative.
"It is but another illustration of the law
of progress-a forward movement in a
seemingly backward one; a condition nf
conflict and disintegration, the ?re ludl to
a condition of unification and vlc'orv T
have an abiding faith that God still KO v
erns his world^and that civilization and
Christianity will come out of this conflict
with barbarism and paganism more pow
erful and prosperous than before I have
an abiding conviction that the seemlnglv
backward movement will beforo long
"Our own nation stands alone as the
one power that wants no part of China
Secretary Hay s letter to the powers is a
credit to himself and an honor to our
country. \\ e stand with Secretary Hav
We want no divided China. We want to
see carnage stopped and China regener
ated. How this is to be done I do not
know. God knows, and I see God in the
Chinese uprising.
"A few weeks ago the blame for the
Chinese uprising was laid at the door of
the missionaries. The Chinese Consul in
our own city, a,- most suave and highly
cultivated gentleman, said it was a con
flict of religions. And even Lord Salis
bury, the Premier of Christian England
had to take a fling at the missionaries a
fling unworthy of Lord Salisbury and of
the great Christian nation he represents
Shafts of light are breaking through the
darkness and we are beginning to see that
wherever the blame lies a very small
modicum of it belongs to the missionaries
"Had Minister Conger and the other
Ministers within the walls of Peking lis
tened to the warning voices of the mis
sionaries, instead of listening to the»«oft
words of mendacious mandarins, the trou
ble In China would have been stopped Ion"
ago. The secular papers see this, and
with commendable candor ase telling us
that it was not the missionaries who
caused the trouble, but credulous Minis
ters and greed of gain on the part of the
European nations.
The Rev. John Hemphill, D. D., pastor
of Calvary Presbyterian Church, ad
dressed a large congregation yesterday
morning on the Chinese question, his ser
mon being mainly a defense of the mis
sionaries, who have by some been blamed
for the present Boxer uprising. The topic
announced was, "The Backward and For
ward Movements of History, With Special
Reference to the Present Uprising in Chi
na," and the text, from Numbers, xiv:23,
"To-morrow turn you and get you into the
wilderness by the way of the Red Sea."
"The Israelites," said Dr. Hemphill, did
not reach the promised land in a straight
line, as the crow flies. They went for
ward, they stood still, they went around
and sometimes they went back. Here they
are at last on the borders of the promised
land, and God's command to them is to
get back to the point from which they
started. It was a wise command. A long
bondage had made them cowards as well
as slaves. They heeded the discipline of
the wilderness to make them brave
enough to cope with the giants who pos
sessed the land. They had the taint of
Egyptian idolatry upon them and needed
to be brought back to the simple mono
theistic religion of their fathers. So the
backward movement was a forward move
ment after all. The marchings and
counter-marchings of the Israelites in the
wilderness are typical of all the history of
our race. There have been forward and
backward movements all through it. We
have not reached our present high state of
civilization in a straight line. The light
has not increased continuously unto the
perfect day. It has been light and dark
ness and light again; progress like that
of the incoming tide, progress with fre
quent relapses, but progress on the whole.
"The present uprising in China seems
like a backward movement, but it is real
ly a forward movement. The wheels of
providence never go back. The prophet
Isaiah warned the people of his day not
to call good evil and evil good. I have no
desire to do so. Perhaps I feel the dread
ful things which have come to pass in
China as keenly as any of you. Shall we
call it a great calamity to civilization and
the cause of Christian missions? To short
sighted and timid reason It does seem like
a work of destruction, and that only: but
to the eye of faith it is a work of de
struction coming before a noble work of
construction. The hovels of Oriental pa
ganism must be torn down, that in their
place may gleam forth the temple of our
God.
Says Blame for the Fearful Bloodshed
Must Rest Upon the Wplomats
and Not Upon the
Missionaries.
Rev. John Hemphill Finds
in It a Repetition of
World History.
SEES GOOD IN
THE UPRISING
IN FAR CHINA
STATE DEPARTMENT DEBATING ITS
REPLY TO THE CHINESE EMPEROR
prove to be only a part of a gTcat devel
opment—an evolution, of that divine wis
dom which, overruling man's Iniquitous
purposes, deliprhta to bring good out of
seeming evil. We have no sympathy with
the German Emperor's cry for vengeance.
'Vengeance Is mine. I will repay, saith the
Lord.' We want no vengeance. We want
blood-letting stopped. We want justice
done. We want our missionaries and our
citizens to feel as safe in China as in their
own land. We want all the nations to
'bring forth the royal diadem and crown
him Lord of all.' "
There are a large number of foreigner?
In Rock Sprinps and several Chinamen
have been roughly handled during th«2
past few days. In all probability orders
•will be issued for troops to get to Rock
Springs to-morrow, when martial law
will be proclaimed and every protection
possible given the Celestials.
CHEYENNE. Wye. July 22.— The
Ftate authorities have ordered sev
eral companies of militia to be in
readiness to proceed to Kock
Sprlnps. a coal camp 200 miles west
of Cheyenne, where upward of 500 Chinese
ere in danger. Rations and all necessary
equipment have been issued and the rail
roads have been asked to be ready to
transport the troops at a moment's notice.
Fpecial Dispatch to T!ie Call.
Troops to Be Hurried to
Rock Springs to Pro
tect Asiatics.
Many Chinese in
Danger.
MARTIAL LAW
IN WYOMING
PITTPBURG. July 22.-Henry C. Frye.
president of the National Glass Company, an
nounces that five of the company's plants will
be removed from Indiana to the Pittsburp dis
trict hr soon as proper sites can be secured.
This will affect over 3000 workmen. The reasons
given for the change are that the supply of
natural Ran in Indiana is diminishing and that
the Ohio River provides facilities for reaching
the southern markets.
THREE LAKES. Wis., July 22.— A laborer
early tr--day removed a pile of ties from the
Northwestern track* that had been placed
there during the night juFt in time to prevent
the pa«enj;er train due here at 4:30 p. m. from
Etrikin< them. He also removed a number of
rocks from a bridge a short distance away. His
actions probably paved the lives of thirty mem
bers of a local gun club who were on the train.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 22,— The bodies of
two mm -were found to-day on the Maple Leaf
rleht of way thirty miles north of here.
Wounds in the head in the same spot on each
man indicated murd«-r. The lofcal police are
firm in this belief and they and the detectives
are at work on the case, but grive out nothing.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 22.— The Fraser River
canners and a number of fishermen came to an
agreement to-day and the fishermen win go to
work either Monday or Tuesday under Gov
ernment protection. The Attornev General is
making arrangements to provide adequate pro
tection.
TANA. 111.. July 22.— Natural gas has been
discovered in Shelby township. An Ohio oil
operator has leased S(X>0 acre* of land in the
vicinity and will pipe the pas to St. Louis and
intermediate j>olnts.
MEXOMIXEE, Mich., July 22.— Joseph Mitch
el'., a cigrarmaker. was shot and instantly kill
ed hy Chris Erk, a Menominee policeman.
Mitchell was Intoxicated and resisted arrest.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, July 22.— The Gov
ernment of Nicaragua has addressed a com
munication to the directors of the Pan-Ameri
can exhibition, declining to participate.
WASHINGTON. July 22.-Secretary Hay will
l^avp Washington for Cleveland to-morrow to
attend the funeral of his mother-in-law, Mrs.
Asa Stone.
MVPCATIXE. la.. July 22.— One of the warf
hous">F of the Huttle Sash and Door Company
in ;his city burned to-<lay. Loss. $80,000.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Howard. Berry Howard and others In
dicted both as principals and accessories.
The lawyers for the defense decline to
say whether the defendant will be put on
the stand in his own defense. Although
no authorized statement has been made,
it is definitely understood that neither
Youtsey. Davis, Combs nor Whitaker.
who are in jail here, charged with being
accessories, will be allowed by their at
torneys to testify in the Powers case.
From this statement It is plain that no
considerable body of troops could be
movett ut once from the Philippines and
the War Department feels that it is safer
to keen its intentions secret until the mo
ment action can be taken.
Of the other transports in the Philip
pine service the Indiana and the Flint
shire should to-day be n^arir.s Taku with
th* Fourteenth Infantry, battery of the
Fifth Artillery and the men of the Hos
pital Corps. The Wyefield accompanies
them with supplies and the Port Albert
carries horses for the artillery. The
Grant, with General Chaffee and the Sixth
Cavalry, is likewise approaching Taku,
although no report has been received from
her at Nagasaki. The Sumner left San
Francisco on July 1* for Nagasaki, which
she ought to make by August 5. From
that point she will be diverted for use in
Chi.iPKe waters, probably plying between
Nagasaki and Taku. Th" Mead*; will
take to China the Fifteenth Infantry sinfl
the Ninth Cavalry and the Hancock 500
marines and four batteries of the Third
Artillery, now stationed at the Presidio
of San Francisco. Both transports will
sail August 1. The Garonne leaves Seat
tle the same day with the First Cavalry
and the Sherman and Logan, which car
ried the Ninth Infantry to Taku. are now
on their way back to San Francisco. It
wns the intention to order the Logan back
to China, but she missed her instructions
at Nagasaki and sailed on Tuesday.
them. As matters now stand, there sre
but two transports in the islands— the
Pennsylvania • and the Westminster—
which cannot bo spared for. a trip to
Taku. since their absence would loave the
archipelago without transports, and even
in iwo weeks' time might seriously ham
per operations.
Lack of transports at Manila is a second
reason given for the department's reti
cence. The official* fear that It will be
easier for General MacArthur to mobilize
spare regiments at Manila than it will
be to provide conveyance for them to
Taku, or whatever China port may need
CALL HEAPQI'ARTKRS. AVKLL
IXGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
July 22.— Two reasons are assigned
for the withholding by the War De
partment of information- on the
movement of additional regiments from
ihe Philippines to China. The first is the
necessity of keeping the Filipino leaders
In Ignorance reRarding this Oovernment's
intention? and projected operations. It is
pointed out that this is the beginning of
the rainy season in the archipelago; that
it soon will be necessary for the American
troops to concentrate at garrison towns
and suspend field movements. The Fame
climatic conditions will force the Filipinos
to abandon th^ir brigandage and the next
few months should thus constitute a term
of rest. Should at this time the with
drawal of troops become known to the
ambitious colleagues of Aguinaldo it
would have the effect of not only prevent
ing a cessation of hostilities, but would
most likely lead to renewed outbreaks.
Later, say War Department officials,
¦when the islands are comparatively qui«t
and the bolomen are ignorant of the in
tended weakening of the American forces,
further regiments may be sent without in
citing trouble and may be returned to the
islands before the dry season begins and
fighting can be renewed. It is claimed
that little time will be lost in this seem
ing d~lay. Fince the mobilizing of re?i
incnts at garrison towns is a necessary
j'mude to either event.
"Therefore." he continues, "although
all are aware. o£ the horrible Peking mas
sacres, every official, down to the hum
blest retainer, has been sworn to secrecy
upon the penalty of wholesale executions
should the details leak out. They hope,
if the powers once begin negotiations, to
stop the military operations and that mat
ters might cool down."
There is the usual crop ot Shanghai
rumors at hand this morning. One Is that
Prince Tuan has been abducted and that
the Empress Dowager is again supreme.
Another is that the notorious Kar.g- Yl.
president of- the Board of War, has been
appointed Viceroy of Canton.
The Tientsin correspondent of the Dally
News says the allies have Issued a proc
lamation announcing that they ara not
fighting China but only tho rebels who
have been guilty of attack upon tho for
eigners.
The decision to keep the Indian division
at Hongkong is supposed to be dua to
the disquieting proceedings of the "Black
Flags" at Canton. It is reported that tho
Bogue forts are being rearmed by tho
Chinese with quick-firing Krupps and
large stores of ammunition and that tho
Chinese are mounting guns and laying
torpedoes at various advantageous points
between Woo Sung and Wu Chang. The
foreigners and Japanese traders have
evacuated Niuchwansr. where the roads
are now guarded by Japanese marines.
All foreign women and children have
been advised to leave tho forts on the
Yansrtso Klang. ?
Slight skirmishes ar* reported from
Manchuria between the Russians and,
Chinese.
Chinese Frightened.
The » Shanghai correspondent of th«
Daily Mail declares that the Chinese of
ficials are thoroughly frightened by tho
fall of Tientsin and desire to open ne
gotiations.
"Russia, however, la willing to maka
terms with Li Hung Chang, whose real
mission is to sow dissension among the
powers. The British. German and Amer
ican representatives were resolute against
receiving him."
Li Hung Chang's visit to Shanghai
seems to be a complete failure. Except
the Chinese customs officials, no one has
visited him. Shens. tho Taotai (Chief
Magistrate), gave the Consuls a cordial
invitation to meet him at luncheon, but
all declined.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily. Express pretends to have authority
for the assertion that Great Britain will
repudiate any credentials* Li Hung Chang
may bring from the Empress Dowager,
and he adds:
ONE bright San Francisco boy not only bore his part in
the taking of the Taku forts, but has lived to tell the
stirring tale. He is Arthur McLellan, the son of Mrs. E.
McLellan of 112% Oak street, now. serving as first-class
apprentice aboard the United States flagship Newark in the
'full belief that he will be homeward bound, by October 1.
In two letters received on Saturday by Mrs. McLellan her
son tells of his adventures in China, his ingenuous and brief
account of international # events being particularly young
American and refreshing. Under date of Taku, June 17} he tells
of the bombardment.
"We have been lying here three weeks to-day and are the
first ship in here nince last year. Since we arrived there have
been a number of men-of-war of different nations, until now
there are forty-seven of them in a row, and I tell you that all
of us 'couldn't do a thing' to China. • • • Last night we
bombarded three China forts and it lasted from 1 o'clock in the
morning until 7:35 this morning before the Chinamen would sur
render. It was all their own fault that we 'put them on the
bum. as we asked them to surrender and they said no. So at
5 minutes to 1 all the ships commenced firing and it was some
thing awful to see the pigtail? flying in the air.
"They surrendered to the Russians, and the poor Chinamen
didn't like to do it. but it was compulsory."
In his second letter he describes the wounding of one of his
young comrades, John Welsh, also an apprentice on the New
ark "Welsh," he says, "was the last one of four men wounded.
Thev were carrying in the injured after the surrender, when a
shell broke over their heads from an arsenal near by. It killed
two and wounded John. He was hit on the jaw by a piece of
the shell, which was very small. It went through his cheek
and knockeu two of his teeth out. It did not hurt him at all,
but he will have a scar forever."
LONDON. July 23. 4 a. m.— Sir Chlh
Chen Loh Feng, the Chinese Minis
ter in London, took the unusual
step yesterday of paying a Sunday
"call at the Foreign Office. As Lord
Salisbury was absent the visit was without
special result, but its importance may be
gathered from an interview with the sec
retary of the Chinese legation. Sir Halli
day McCartney, in which the legation of
ficials seem to have assumed at last some
thing like personal responsibility.
Sir Halliday admitted that communica
tion had been practically reopened with
Peking and that messages from Sir Claude
Macdonald, the British. Minister, and the
other foreign Envoys might be expected
almost immediately. He said that he
hoped the trouble would soon be over,
since the Chinese Government was doing
its utmost to overcome the difficulties and
to control the lawless element. In his
opinion the Americans had taken the most
common sense view of the situation, and
he insisted that China ought not to be
misjudged. Against the suspicion that Li
Hung Chang had any but a sincere pacific
object in view he protested warmly, de
claring that all stories about the perfidy
and treachery of Earl Li were "abso
lutely baseless."
With regard to the prospects in the
southern provinces the secretary admit
ted that there might be small outbreaks,
but he said there would be pothing seri
ous and that Europeans 'would be -quite
safe in the treaty ports. The long silence
he explained as "due probably to th©
rebels, who have cut the wires and
blocked the soldiers." . . -
Finds No Belief.
Thus, according to the secretary of the
Chinese legation, a few days more should
bring a solution of the great mystery.
Nevertheless, no one in England believes
that the alleged dispatches and edicts are
anything but subterfuges to hide the real
situation as long as possible and to avert
retribution by sowing discord among th©
powers. ¦-¦:'¦ .
According to the Chefu correspondent of
the Daily Mall the fall of Tientsin has so
disheartened the Chinese that they are
seeking terms of peace. He says that
several attempts have been made to send
messages to Peking, but so far without
any known results, and adds that rumors
are again current that the Russians are
reaching Peking from the -north. It Is
impossible to confirm or deny these state
ments, but either one might explain
China's efforts to gain time.
A SAN FRANCISCO BOY
DESCRIBES TAKU FIGHT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Secretary Root Attempting
to Withdraw Troops From
Philippines Without the
Kn owledge of Insurgents.
Chinese Minister in London
Promises That the Brat
ish Ministerat at Peking
Wall Be Heard From.
LUZON WAR HAMPERS THE ADMINISTRATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 23, 1900.
2
FIRST-CLASS APPRENTICE ARTHUR McLELLA.N.
UUUBI5 NUI I HA I ALL
FOREIGNERS WERE KILLED
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOX9.
plain toes. LXV and plain heels <tr,.oi)
LADIES' BLACK KID OXFORDS LXV and
plain heels u 1#50 t0
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER OXFORDS
LXV heels SI.OO 95.OU
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, full assortment....
FINE :
SUMMER
SHOES!
...OF...
Another New Invoice
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST RECEIVED-
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. F.
POPULAR PRSCES,
$1.23 to 93.00
MEN'S TAN and BLACK VICI KID LACE
SHOES Kt;j.3O fS.OO
MEN'S TAN and PATENT LEATHER OX-
F0RDS $4.OO #3.«)OThere were present, besides those having
immediate charge of the parish work.
Rev. Fathers Connolly, Hennessy and
Kennedy, pastors of St. Paul's Church
and parish.
This society* has for: Its spiritual ad
viser Rev. J. J. Prendergast. vicar general
of the archdiocese. JohnM. Burnett is
president and P. J. Thomas secretary.
The society Is organized for the purpose
of giving relief to worthy poor families.
The quarterly meeting of the Society of
St. Vincent de Paul was, held yesterday
forenoon at St. Paul's Church, on Twen
ty-ninth and Church streets. Satisfactory
reports were received from the parish
workers of the society, showing the
amount of good work done during the
last three months.
ST. VINCENT DE PAUL'S
SOCIETY HOLDS MEETING
Charles Xappe, a native ,of Germany
and a painter by trade, ended his earthly
career by hanging himself In a woodshed
at an early hour yesterday morning.
Nappe, who has been somewhat dissipated
of late returned to his home, at Chen
ery and Miguel Etreets, at 11 o'clock last
Saturday night and after conversing with
his wife until after midnight said he
was going to retire. His wife, however,
suspecting that he had gone out, went in
search of him. She found his body swing-
Ing from a rope In the woodshed. Mrs.
Nappe notified Mrs. Hartmann. a neigh
bor, who in turn notified Deputy Coroner
McCormick and the body was taken to
the Morgue. Nappe leaves a wife and
nve Email children.
, ¦ m m
Charles Nappe Hangs Himself.
Deceased was a familiar figure in the
cummunlty and an active member In the
Mechanics' Institute.. • Before taking
charge of the big pavilion he had been
employed for a long time In the Palace
Hotel as special officer and detective. De
ceased was a native of Ohio and €S years
of age.
John A. Jackson, better known to his
intimates as "Colonel" Jackson, and for
many years watchman and janitor of the
Mechanics' Pavilion, died last night from
a sudden attack of heart failure.
Shortly after 9 o'clock Mr. Jackson was
stricken In his apartments in the pavilion.
A doctor was summoned and every effort
was made to revive the patient without
result, as death ensued In a few minutes.
SUDDEN DEATH OF A
WELL-KNOWN CITIZEN
Implicates Two Other Lads in Theft,
of Which They Claim to Be
k Ignorant.
D. Glannlnl, a fruit dealer at the corner
of Pacific and Jones streets, was robbed
of $150 in gold coin by his little eight-year
old son on Saturday. According to the
boy's story the theft was the result of a
conspiracy in which himself and two
other youths were Involved, but those
whom the lad charges with complicity
deny their guilt. A3 yet the police have
been unable to learn what was done with
the money.
About 1 o'clock Sunday morning Gian
nlnl i reported his 1O3S to the California
street Police Station. Policeman Ben
Kaskell was detailed on the case and soon
fastened the crime on Eddie, the
eight-year-old son of the fruit
dealer. The lad confessed. He said
he had seen the money in the bureau
drawer In his home and had told a num
ber of lads In the neighborhood about It.
He claims that the two other boys, aged
8 and 10 years, suggested that he take the
coin and that the trio would have a good
time with it.- ¦ .
The police interviewed the accused boys
and they emphatically deny young Glah
nini's story. No arrests have been made.
YOUNG BOY ROBS HIS
FATHER OF MUCH GOLD
Friends Say There Is No Truth in
Tale of His Asphyxi
ation.
The friends of James V. Coleman. the
well known mining man, are very Indig
nant over a story printed in a morning
paper" to the effect that Coleman had been
overcome at his home in this city by il
luminating gas and would have been
asphyxiated but for the timely assistance
of a guest who chanced to smell the es
caping gas.
Mr. Coleman left for the mine early In
the week, and is still absent, else he
would himself have denied the absurd
story. Intimate friends of the gentleman
desire to absolutely deny the story. They
say that -It Is absurd and absolutely false.
ABSURD STORY ABOUT
J. V. COLEMAN DENIED
The wounded policeman was taken to a
doctor's bfiice in the vicinity, where two
ugly wounds In his scalp were stitched
In his report of .the fight Herlihy sava
that Hill was ejected from the dancing
pavilion three times for making himself
obnoxious, but refused to go away. After
returning the last time he started the gen
eral mix-up and was • rewarded by being
struck on the head with a club in the
hands of Herlihy. It was at this juncture
that Hill and his friends attacked the of
ficers.
Policemen Herlihy and James Graham
were present, and with drawn clubs start
ed to quell the disturbance. After knock
ing down a number of the toughest of the
crowd they were* suddenly surrounded
and their ciubs taken- from them. Herlihy
was struck over the head and knocked
senseless. Graham, who was in citizen's
clothes, was roughly handled, but escaped
with a few bruises. At this juncture sev
eral other police officers appeared on the
scene and soon dispersed the crowd. A
young man named William Hill, a team
ster by occupation, was recognized as the
individual wno struck Herlihy and he was
arrested. At the City Prison he was
charged with an assault with "a deadly
weapon. Peter Shewbridge, a blacksmith
was also arrested and charged with beine
drunk. .
There -was a "hot time" at the Ocean
Beach Pavilion yesterday afternoon. The
usual Sunday dance was In progress when
one of the waltzers objected to a slurring
remark hurled at his best girl by a jealous
suitor. Without waiting to finish the
dance the girl's protector, after divesting
himself of his coat, proceeded to annihi
late her calumniator.* The latter was ac
companied by several friends, who, on
seeing: him. put to sleep by a well directed
blow on the chin, started to wreak venge
ance on his conqueror. In a few min
utes nearly every one on the floor was
mixed up in a general "scrap."
Officer Herlihy Knocked Senseless
and Patrolman GrVham Roughly
Handled and Bruis? d Be
fore Aid Comes
General Mix-Up During a
Dance at the Ocean Beach
Pavilion.
TWO P0LICEMEN
ATTACKED BY A
VICIOUS CROWD
At last reports the tnree churches in
Nome City were locked up and nnder
guard. The land upon which the sacred
edifices are built is. like nearly ail of the
other land In the famous camp, claimed
by many different parties. The strongest
claimants, at last accounts, were holding
the property by force of arms. Ministers
were not even permitted to hold services,
because the men In possession feared that
other claimants would carry concealed
arms into the churches, and fortifying
themselves within the buildings secure
possession by main force. In ' every in
stance the church people claim to have •
Captain Baldwin did not go to Nome to
dig gold. He is the manager of the big-
S<>st hardware store In the camp'. The
popular supposition Is that he never
sleeps, for he seems to be everywhere at
all times. Being a big man. and as a-ood
natured as he 'is big, he claims the risrnt
to take part In any dispute in which he
sees that the weaker party is getting the
worst of It. without fear of personal in
jury. In fact, many people say that be is
the king: of the Nome beach to-day.
Captain George Baldwin, one time ser
geant of police and afterward an officer
cf the Eighth California Volunteers, is
known In Nome as the greatest hustler in
A!as*ka. He has succeeded in overawing
eJl the bulllee on the beach and is gen
erally feared by the lawless element, ac
cording to the stories told by returning
gold seekers.
It was not without difficulty that Cap
tain Baldwin attained this supremacy
und more than one hard light resulted
from his actions In insisting upon Justice
for himself and people who were not able
to t&ke care of themselves. During his
first week in the camp "e got into a dis
pute with a restaurant man over a ham
sandwich, it Is said, and the Mayor of
Nome, wno is the biggest man In town,
j>lacc-d Baidwin under arrest and took him
to the lockup. Soon afterward the word
•was passed that the prisoner was an
army officer and the ilayor immediately
released him, with an apology for his ar
rest. Captain Baldwin demanded that the
law be carried' out and that he be given
a trial, but the Mayor discreetly took no
notice of his demand and disappeared in
the crowd.
Feared by the £ awl ess Element He
Ranks as a Leader — Churches
Are Guarded Against
Land-Grabbers.
George Baldwin Establishes
a Successful Business in
the North.
FORMER POLICE
SERGEANT IS A
KING AT NOME
purchased from the original owners of the
property and show deeds that seem to
bear them out in their claims, but where
m'ght is right the churchmen seem to
have a poor chance against the unscrupu
lous real estate men. *
THE treacherous tide and the shifting ¦
winds of Lime Point brought sor
row to another home in this oity yes
terday. Ernest Gueldner of 121 West
Mission street and his son Tommy, S
years old, were the victims. David Mc-
Whirter cf 457 Valencia street and Otto
E. Makowski of 617 York street were res
cued by a mere chance. It was the same
eld story of men taking desperate chances
In dangerous waters for a m^ee of fish.
Their boa.t was capsized in the swirlirg
tide and they were left at the mercy of j
Wind arid tide in the chilly waters of the
bay.
The heroism of the father is the only
redeeming feature of the tragedy. In his
efforts to save his darling boy from death
Ernest Oueldner became too exhausted to
cling longer to the s'.imy bottom of the
overturned boat. Together they sank be
i-.fath the wav«s, the fair-haired boy. un
conscious from tr-rror and exposure,
clasped tightly in the arms of hip father.
The other two vnfzi were themselves too
exhausted to render any assistance. The
tragic death of their companions only
Ftruck terror to thtir hearts, and they
ciung desperately to the boat. For an
other hour they drifted with the tide,
chilled to th** bor.<? aurt numbed by fx-
T>ofure. When Keeper Haltzheuer of the
I.:m«? Point whistling buoy finally plucked
thrm from their perilous position neither
could speak a word of explanation or
thar.ks.
Beyond the fact that the boat vras cap-
Flzr-d nrd Gueldner and his son were '
crowr.ed little could be learned last night
cf the tragic story. Gueldner. McWhirter
and Makowski set out *arly yesterday
morning on a fishing trip. They caught
McWhirter and Makowski were ' too
numb and exhausted— stupefied with
liquor, too. acconlinpr to some accounts—
to tell last night what happened during
these i&eronizing hours on the capsized
taat. They think that it must have been
fully three-quarters of an hour after the
boat was capsized that Gueldner, with
It must have been about 3:45 p. m. when
the boat capsized. The accident took
place between Caballo Point and Lime
Point. The supposition is that Makowski
had not calculated on the force of the tide,
and In tryinsr to put trie boat about turned
her over. All hands managed to reach \
the overturned boat. At first they tried I
to right her, but soon found that they ',
were expending their strength to no avail, j
The boy Tommy soon became exhausted
and h's father had to place one arm
around him and cling with the other to
the slippery bottom of the boat. Eagerly
the men scanned the horizon, but there
was no help in sight. Far away they
could see the black funnels of the ferry
boats and other passing craft, but all too j
far away for their passengers or crews I
to discover the plight of the helpless fish- !
erniHi.
The boat was bulk for sealing, and ac
cording to Ross was a first rate sea boat,
well ballasted with sand and rigged with
Jib and mainsail. Makowski Is an old
sailor and undertook to sail the frail
craft. Ross heard the members of the
party talking about Lime Point and
warned them of the dangers of the ebb
tide in that vicinity. Makowski replied
contemptuously to his warnings, and noth
ing more was said of the matter.
the 7 o'clock boat for Sau?alito, where
they hired a boat from D. Koss and set
out about S o'clock. Nothing more was
seen of the party until Keeper Haltz
heuer discovered through his glasses the
overturned boat with two men clinging to
the keel.
There is little possibility that the bodies
of Gueldner and his son will ever be re
covered. The tide was ebbing when they
went down, end still had some hours to
run, and the chances are that the bodies
were carried out to sea.
Makowpki is a painter and reMdp* with
his family at R1T York street. McWhirter
is the proprietor of an electrical shop on
Valencia street, near Seventeenth.
Gueldner, who was a carpenter, leaves
a wife and one child, a little girl about 5
years of age. They are left In destitute
circumstances by his untimely death. The
scene at tjieir little home when the news
w>s broken Jo the wife and mother was
heartrending. Mrs. Gueldner, with her
little girl, was spending the evening with
a friend, and little expected I the husband
and son for whom she was waiting would
never return. The news was broken to
her as gently as possible, but she refused
to be comforted. Her cries for "my hus
band" and "my poor little Tommy" were
heartbreaking.
It was about 5 o'clock, when the boat
was nearly opposite Lime Point, that
Ke?per Haltzheuer discovered the plight
of the men. He put off in his boat and
soon had McWhirter and Makowski
«afely aboard. They were so exhausted
that they could not speak, and the keeper
decided to take them direct to Sausalito,
where medical assistance could be 1 se
cured. At a late hour last night they
were still too sick to say much about the
accident.
his boy clasped in his arms, slipped from
the slimy bottom and disappeared from
view beneath the waves. He had prayed
and cursed by turns and struggled hard
against death, but when the time came
he went down without a murmur. Noth
ing more was seen of the bodies. The
black tide swallowed them up and the
boat drifted on seaward.
TISKING PARTY THROWN INTO THE WATER BY CAPSIZING OF THEIR BOAT.
mUSSEL ROCK came near claim-
Ing another victim yesterday.
For seven hours the sea fought
to obtain hold of a man as he
lay helpless just about the sweep of the
breakers. The spume of the Incoming
rollers dashed over him and the wave3
reached for him, but never succeeded in
drawing him down, and at the last mo
ment the hardy boatmen from the South
side Life-saving Station took a line
out to the rock and brought the man in
through the surf. He had been for a swim
in the treacherous breakers that whiten
themselves against the cliffs below the
old Ocean House, and one of them picked
him up and flung him against the rock
like a chip on the surface*»f the sea. His
thigh was broken against the jagged
points, but he managed to hold on and
then to climb above the reach of the
green swells that swirled around the reef,
and there he lay until some one saw him
and called the life-savers to his assist
ance.
L. S. Mounts is the man . who came so
near being drowned in the surf. He is a
visitor In the city from Modoc, and during
his stay here he has been rooming at
910 "Polk street. Yesterday morning he
started for a ride on his bicycle, and,
aftes doing the park thoroughly, he took
their-s^aptalns sick. One of the masters
j was Injured while his vessel was loading.
| The other was taken sick three days'ago
| and had to be removed to a hospital as
I soon as the schooner docked.
The Free Trade left here on the 3th
inst. and made a long trip of It Uj> the
coast. She was bound for Coos Bay, bu*
head winds delayed her and on July 17
she had to run before a southwester. The
foresail, forestay and head trear were car
ried away and the- schooner had to be
squared away for San Francisco. Two
days later Captain Thorson was taken
sick and was still in a precarious con
dition when the Free Trade came to an
anchor. Captain Thorsoti was then taken
i ashore and his friends expect that a few
flays of careful nursing will see him
around again.
The Free Trade is trie famous vessel
that went in search of an island of gold
on the coast of Alaska. The English cap
italists who went north In the vessel were
marooned on Kodiak Island. They
I reached Seattle after considerable trouble
on one of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's Iwats and told a story of mutiny
and extortion. The captain who was in
command of the vessel sailed her down
to a small port in Oregon, where he soid
her and then disappeared.
The Free Trade was kept up north for a
time, but finally came back to San Fran
cisco and for some time past has been
engaged in the Coos Bay lumber trade.
The schooner, Mary Etta came In from
Bowens Landing in tow of the steam
schooner Navarro yesterday. While the
Mary Etta was loading. Captain Ander
son "was struck on the head by a falling
piece of lumber and had his scalp badly
cut. There was concussion of the brain
and other injuries, so it was thought bet
ter to have the Xavarro tow the vessel
down. Captain Anderson is still suffering
from his injuries and will not be ablef to
take the schooner to sea on her next trip
Busy Times on Transports.
There will be busy timee around the
transport wharf for the next week to
come. The Hancock docks this morning
and the work of loading her will begin at
once. She is scheduled to sail next Sun
day and will carry MO marines, three bat
teries of artillery and 350 recruits, all for
China. From here the Hancock will go
to Nagasaki and from there to Taku. If
the trouble in China is over before the
transport reaches Nagasaki the men will
be sent to the Philippines.
As soon as the Hancock is away the
Mead will go into the berth and she will
be rushed away also. %The Warren Is ex
pected in from Manila about August 1
and if it is possible she will sail again on
August 15. In the meantime the Aztec,
Strathgyle, Universe and Belgian King
will be loading mules and horses and sup
plies for the soldiers, so that the quar
master's department will have its hands
full for some days to come.
F. M. Srniti- Breaks Down.
The Alviso steamer F. M. Smith broke
her shaft Saturday in the slough and had
to be towed back to San Francisco by the
tug Annie. It will be several days before
s>he can be put on the run again and in
the meantime another sternwheeler will
be secured to take her place.
Walla Walla Sails.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
WaJla Walla finally got away for
Puget Sound ports yesterday morning.
She was to have sailed Friday at 11 a. m.
with over 300 passengers, but when she got
out in the stream a gasket blew out and
she had to return to the wharf. While
docking something went wrong with the
piston and it took two days to repair
the damage. In the meantime many of
the passengers got tired of waiting and
went north on the train. Those who re
mained by the ship were fed and cared for
by the company.
Water Front Notes.
N. Cohen, better known among the
transfer men and along the front as
"Duma Duma," will not be seen around
the Ferry building any more. The au
thorities have refused to issue him a li
cense and the police refuse to allow him
near the depot. On July 5 Cohen showed
Sergeant "Tom" Mnhoney a license which
purported to have been issued by the Tax
Collector. It was to run from July 1 to
October J and "Duma Duma" said he paid
the regular fee of $15 for It. Saturday
LJcense Collector Scott was around the
ferries rounding up the runners and de
manding to see their license. Cohen had
no license, but said it was at home. He
"was sent to get it. but came back-nnd
said it was lost. Sergeant Mahoney had
the number and particulars in his book
that he keeps. for reference, but Scott said
no such license had ever been issued and
that the one Cohen had shown the police
officer was a counterfeit. Cohen then
wanted to pay $15 for another license, but
Scott would "not accept it and warned
"Duma Duma" never to solicit business
on the water front again.
Now Commands the Planet Mars.
Captain John A. Bromley, who is well
known in San Francisco, having been here
many times in the British ships Cressing
ton and Toxtette. is now in command of the
large cargo steamer Planet Mars. The
latter is a new vessel, on her maiden voy
age and is 372 feet long, 4S feet broad and
31 feet deep, with a capacity of 7000 tons
dead "weight. Captain Bromley's friends
will be pleased to hear of his promotion.
The schooners Free Trade and Mary Et
ta both arrived in* port yesterday with
Mary Etta Towed From Bowens Land
ing by.the Np.varro, the Skipper
Being Too Sick to Navi
gate Her.
Free Trade Damaged in a
Southwester -and the
Master Injured.
TWO SCHOONERS
WITH CAPTAINS
SICK MAKE PORT
FATHER AND SON MEET DEATH
IN THE BAY OFF LIME POINT
FOUGHT SEVEN HOURS WITH
SEA AND WIND FOR HIS LIFE
THE SAN FEANOISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 23, 1900.
HTon. Ii. : E. Chittenden.
BURLINGTON. Vt., July 22.-Hon. L.
E. Chittenden. Registrar of the Treasury
during the Lincoln administration, died
here to-day, aged 77 years. v
CHINESE CAMP. July 22.-David B.
Henderson of Duburjue. Iowa. Speaker of
the House of Representatives, accom
panied by his wife. Sir. and Mrs. Smith
ilcPherson and Marlon de Vries and wif>v
arrived here this evening by private car.
They were enthusiastically received and
departed this evening In a slx-ln-hahd via
the Bis Oalc . Flat route for Yosemite.
Bound for Yosemite.
3
RESCUING THE MAN FROM
MUSSEL ROCK.
the ocean boulevard and started south
ward. At the end of the boulevard he
turned down onto the beach and rode as
far as the cliffs that block further pro
gress. Just where Mussel Rock stands
boldly out about 100 yards from the
shore. Mounts was tired and hot and a
good swimmer. At that time, about 12:3"),
there was not much surf running, and so
he decided to take a swim in the breakers.
Mounts swam out as far as the rock
and tried to land upon It, but he could
find no foothold, for the waves played
with him and brought him out and threw
him back until one, bigger and whiter \
than the others, caught him and threw;
him agrainst the side of the rock with ter
rific force. He clung desperately to the j
slime and seaweed, and It was well he
did, for his thigh was broken and he was
helpless. As the wave drew away "he
lifted himself by the moss and the points
of rock, and gradually worked his way
out of reach of the rollers that tumbled
In after him. It was his only chance and
he made the best of it, but when he had
reached the top, sixty feet above the surf,
he could do no more and he lay exhausted
and unable to move. It wa* then about
1 o'clock.
Until half-past 3 the injured, freezing
man lay there In the wind and spray and j
then two pedestrians passed and noticed
him. They were William F. Delaney of
the American Biscuit Company and E. H.
Twight, a chemist in the employ of the
California Wine Association. They were
attracted by the peculiar actions of the
man on the rock. He would Bit up and
wave his arms and signal to the shore
and then he v.-ould fall back as If over
come by his own exertions. They watched
him for .some time. It became more and
more evident that he was In dire need of
help and they set about to devise some
means of getting him off. They shouted
to him, but he could not answer, or If he
could, what he said was drowned In the
roar of the surf. And so, as there was
nothing else to do. Twight threw off his
clothes and bravely ventured Into the
breakers. He swam out to the rock and
swam around It. trying to flnd some way
to get up Its steep side?, but he could find
none and had to give up the attempt.
Then the two men sent one messenpr
up the beach to the life saving station
and want themselves over to Colxna,
where they telephoned in to the Mer
chant's Exchange that there was a man
on Mussel Rock In need of heM.
The life savers lost no time In hurry
ing to the rescue. Captain Henry Smith,
chief of the station. Ole Bowling. Chaun
cey "Woodruff. Charles Peterson and Joh i
Felcher were the men who went to savj
Mounts. They took with them a Lyle gun
and line and a breeches buoy, but when
they got to the rock they four.d they
could not use them, as Mounts was help
less.
The rock is a long way from the station
and it was late when the latter was ca'.leii
upon for assistance. It was nearly dam
when the life savers reached the rock.
Ole Bowling and Chauncey Woodruff
are the men who swam out to the rock.
There was no such thing as having the
injured and benumbed man swim back
through the surf, so while Bowling and
"Woodruff lowered him down into thq
wash of the breakers Peterson ami Fol
cher made their way out from the shore
and caught him and brought him in.
Mounts was put Into a wagon at once
and was hurried up the beach to the llfo
savlng station. There he was given a hot
cup of coffee and more blankets were put
about him and he was hurried along to
InglesMe. The ambulance had been tele
phoned for. with directions to meet him
there, and he was taken to the hosplta!.
IfH Noise and confusion have a i^i
|H(| tendency to keep customers jjffj
|H I away==but low prices are |§|
Iff I sure to bring and hold cus= |i|
|U tomers. <* -These reductions |i|
|f§| are what keep us busy |||
jpj during the progress of our Wm
fej alterations. **'<*<*<*<* mm
ytjSi flade=to=order suits which cost you $13-50 i#||
»;•£ I and $15.00 a short time ago are now made fi^'Pf
||;£| Ready-made suits: Blue serges whiqh sold i^i
M% I or $ I2 *5° ar| d $15.00 can now be had for H&'j|
@W| ] $6 85. ** ** Ten-dollar cheviots are going Wi-M
M('!}7 1 at $5.25 «* %* Fancy cheviots, value $15.00, fl' :: '^f|
P#l are reduced to $8,45. ** ** ** & i^i
feii Boys' suits, formerly $2.65 and $2.85, are |r)£B
||;£ 1 now sold for $1.70. %m -j< -j< Fedoras and I'^-H
|p # - : . I Graecos, all colors, 90c. & Silk front golf W?Ml
g/fg I shirts, worth $100, present price 60c . «* %* H^JI
B : S?1 718 Market Street. 1^1ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PRIVATE COLLEGES— E. D.. Newcas
tle, Cal. This department cannot adver
tise the names of private colleges that will
prepare young ladies for admission to the
universities.
CIVIL. SERVICE— A. M. S.. City. For
information In regard to civil service ex
amination under the municipal govern
ment of San Francisco make application
to the secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission at the City Hall.
PHYSICAL CULTURE— C. R,, City.
There have been published a number of
works on physical culture at prices vary
ing from 25 cents up. These maybe had
at any first-class book store or may be
seen at the Free Public Library.
REGISTRATION— Subscriber. City. A
man who will attain his majority on or
the day before election can be registered
and vote at that election on making affi
davit before the Registrar that he will be
of le$ral age to enable him to vote on elec
tion day.
CORBETT AND SHARKEY-W. J. S.,
City. James J. Corbett and Torn Sharkey
met In a twenty-round glove contest at
the Lenox Club, New York City. Novem
ber 22, 1898. Jim McVey. one of CorbVtt>
seconds, entered tho ring: In the ninth
round, in variance to rules, and Referee
John Kelly awarded the fight to Sharkey
on a foul.
CANNOT HAVE TWO HOMES-G. S..
City. If a man takes .up a piece of Gov
ernment land in Mendoclno County as a
homestead he must live upon it In order
to comply with the law to entitle him to a
patent. He may Absent himself tempor
arily and be a resident of 8an Krancl»<*o.
but he cannot claim 8an Franclnoo n* hta
legal home and register tn that plnce and
vote. A man cannot havo two legal home*
at one and the same time.
WALL OF PEKING— S.. City. The
length of the great wall of China la iro
miles. Its height is twenty feet, twenty
five feet thick at the base and fifteen feet
wide at the top. The walls arounrJ Peking
are from fifteen to twenty-five feet thick
and about thirty feet high. Of the sixteen
gates which eive access to the city from
the surrounding country, nine belong to
the northern or Tartar city and seven to
the southern or Chinese city. -
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
It is, still in order to ask. Have you registered yet?
If you have not, it is time you were about it.
According to the .latest reports there appears to be
everything at Cape Nome except gold or a chance
to earn it. '
Having tried his hand at painting, music, poetry
and'the drama, Kaiser William is now posing as a
prophet.- He claims to have foretold the Chinese
Recent developments in one of our Superior Courts
more or less pleasant to the persons concerned in
dicate that the trout season has opened with the bait
ing of some pretty large fish.
There is always a drawback to greatness, a fate
from which not even popular favorites can escape; a
baby crocodile in the Philadelphia zoo has just been
named Teddy Roosevelt.
Great Britain is getting things red hot in all sorts
of forms this year— a famine in India, war in South
Africa, insurrection in China, troubles on the Afghan
border, and now the heat has been so intense in Lon
don that sunstrokes have been sending people to the
hospitals at the rate of half a dozen a day.
The Republicans of California cannot afford to let
the railroad managers and saloon bosses control the
next Legislature and apportion the Assembly, Sena
torial and Congressional districts for the next decade.
That fight will have to be attended to as well as the
one against Bryanism.
And now the United States military authorities are
looking around for an island to which to exile cap
tured Filipino leaders. It is sincerely to be hoped that
necessity never will be found to send a Cronje there.
The report that our great and good friend the Sul
tan of Jolo objects to American troops passing
through his domain is' rather startling. What does
the old fellow think we are paying him for?
The whale that sank the pilot boat may feel very
cocky over his success, but , some day he will try his
little game on a torpedo boat and then old Neptune
will see a commotion on his premises.
The recent rise in the price of silver under the be
nign influence of protection and sound money is the
latest refutation that prosperity has given to Bryan
ism in time for. the campaign.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 22.— C. N. Smith of
Los Angeles is at the Normandie; L. Darr
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Empire.
LACE DINNER DRES3.
The dross represented was worn by Mile.
Sore! In her latest dramatic creation of
"Ma Bru." It is a lace forreau in the
empire style, over white Liberty satin,
trimmed with narrow black velvet ribbon
round the decollete and the sleeves.
THE NATIONS AND THE ISSUE.
LONG ago it was known and said an army can
not be well commanded by a debating society,
and it is now becoming apparent in China that
the command is even less effective when intrusted to
an international council. The powers that meddled
with China in time of peace are now muddling in time
of war. The '.'concert of Europe" is seemingly no
better fitted to contend against Asiatic zeal at the be
ginning of the twentieth century than it was in the
days of the crusades.
For weeks the powers have been massing troops at
Tientsin, but after the first abortive attempt under
Admiral Seymour have made no effort to relieve the
legations and -.their Christian supporters at Peking.
In fact, according to a recent dispatch from Admiral
Remcy. the international column will not begin its
advance before the middle of August.
It is said that among the officials at Washington
opinions differ as to the cause of the delay. -Accord
ing to one opinion the foreigners in Peking have been
already massacred and there is therefore no reason for
haste in beginning the campaign. According to the
other there is so much friction among the command
ing officers that no agreement can be reached as to
what action should be taken. Our Government, it is
said,, has repeatedly urged a vigorous forward move
ment, and the Japanese are said to have offered to
send at once, an army corps to back it up, but the
urging has been in vain. The officers of the other
powers have decided to wait until "the roads are in
better condition."
Of course, the advantages that will accrue to the,
allies by waiting until they have larger forces and
the roads are better will be many, but the same delay
will give the Boxers time to strengthen their positions
and increase their forces, and to that extent the ad
vantages will be offset. Consequently it is very likely
the determination to postpone an advance movement
has been largely due to friction among the com
manders. Late accounts of the attack on Tientsin
attribute the hcavyMoss of the Americans to a mistake
of orders, and the mistake occurred in the transmis
sion of the orders from General Durward, the British
commander, to Colonel Liscum. Now, if a blunder
so costly can occur between officers of such rank,
who speak the same language and have a hundred
reasons for affiliating with one another in a foreign
Ir.nd, what is to happen when the French are giving
orders to the Germans, or the Russians giving orders
to the Japs?
Another reason for believing, in the theory of fric
tion at Tientsin, is the confusion that exists among
European diplomatists and statesmen on the, subject.
The confusion is so great that up to this time no na
tion has felt itself at liberty to "recognize a state of
war.'-' The Chinese have actually invaded Russia, and
the Russian Government has given the Chinese Min
ister his passports, but as yet war has not been de
clared. It te up to this time nothing more than a fr^e
fight, and a struggle for loot. There being no war.
there is no contraband law in force and accordingly
A SLACK SEASON IN TRADE
O LTHOUGH the markets still wear an aspect of
/ \ midsummer dullness there arc signs here and
tlicrc of renewed activity. These signs arc es
pecially marked on the I'acinc Coast, and particularly
in San Francisco, which will soon bustle with all the
business attendant upon the dispatch of troops and
supplies to the theater of a great foreign war. This
city is to be made the shipping point of most of this
business. Here horses, men, arms, ammunition,
clothing, provisions, camp paraphernalia, etc., will bi
collected and exported; and the familiar activity of
the days of the Spanish war will be repeated in our
streets. Thus, whatever the condition of national
trade may be, locally times will probably be brisk.
There are not many indications of the fall trade in
the East as yet. It is too early. Another month must
elapse ere the regular winter buying sets in. If hot
weather be protracted the vacation will last just •»<>
much longer. Still, :!ome increase in the demand for
goods is noted in the South, West and Northwest.
The staples arc generally without feature, there being
nothing new to report in wool, cotton, hides, leather,
Itoots and shoes and proVisions. Corn lias weakened.
c;:rryir,g hogs along with it, and wheat continues to
fag. with more pronounced talk of a 550.000.000 bushel
crop. The California wheat crop has been materially
reduced by hot weather, which pinched the grain while
in the milk, and all estimates are below those of a
month or so ago. Some observers think they see
j-igns of improvement in the iron and steel trade fol
lowing further reductions in quotations, and there is
growing talk that tlie market has about touched bot
tom. This, however, is mere speculation, though
rather more inquiry from Europe is reported^
The failures throughout the country last week were
2Q2. against 174 for the same week last year. The
bank clearings were 12.5 per cent lower, with alternate
pains and losses reported down the list of leading
cities. Chicago, Pittsburg. Cincinnati, Kansas City
::nd New Orleans showed a gain, but all the other
larpe cities showed a loss.
Wall street is ?lecpy and featureless, as usual during
the midsummer vacation. The public still keep out of
it and the professionals have it pretty much to them
selves, with the usual result of a dull market.
The local markets, like the Eastern, are devoid of
feature, though we feel the midsummer dullness less
rn this coast. Grains closed the week firmer, under
Tetter foreign cables and a local Government demand
for the army. Almost all farm products are bringing
[air returns, though several lines are dull at low prices.
Merchandise is reported in average movement for this
time of the year and prices, as a rule, are somewhat
higher than for several years. Collections are reason
r.bly easy and there are no large failures reported.
The supply of money is ample for all needs, and sol
vent borrowers have no difficulty in finding accommo
dation on ordinary securities. Otherwise there is
nothing to remark in the local situaton.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento is a
guest of the Lick.
Dr. John J. Tully of Stockton is regis
tered at the Grand.
J. M. Mannon. a prominent resident of
Ukiah, is at the Grand.
W. E. Shaw of the United States army Is
registered at the Palace.
A. M. Chaffey and wife of Los Angeles
are stopping at the Palace.
J. H. Balrd, a prominent fruit grower
of Marysvllle, Is at the Ltck.
A. B. C. Dowdell. a publisher of Sacra
mento, is a guest of the Grand.
L. McDonald, a mining man of French
Camp, is registered at the Lick.
G. G. Kimball, a prominent citizen of
Red Bluff, is stopping at the Palace.
S. R. Porter' of the Ballol mine, Sutter
Creek, Is stopping at the Occidental.
"\V. Batchelor, a wealthy resident of
Chicago, is registered at the Palace.
Otto Isenberg, a wealthy planter of Ha
waii, is at the Occidental, on his way
home.
E. F. Frazer, an official of the Southern
Pacific Company at Sacramento, is at the
Grand.
E. J. Baber, one of the best-known
wine makers of the State, is a guest at
the Grand.
James McDowell, superintendent of the
Stanford ranch at Menlo Park, is regis
tered at the Grand.
W. H. Buster, a capitalist of Colusa,
accompanied by his wife and daughter,
is registered at the Occidental.
Alexander Mackle, secretary of the Val
ley road, returned from a "paying off" trip
yesterday. He says business Is lively and
that every train on the road was filled to
its capacity.
NEWS OF THE NAVIES
The Guichen. French cruiser of ton*,
with a trial speed of twenty-three knots.
has been ordered to proceed to China kt
high speed, and It is expected she will
make th». voyage in thirty-five days.
The fatest Russian naval programme on
the Black Sea is four cruisers and foul
transports, to be built by the TJelg an
company at Nlcolaleff. Four destroyers
are ready for launching at the latter yard.
It is reported that some of the new Rus
sian cruisers are to have four-inch armor
protection over the greater part of their
bottoms. The idea is to protect against
torpedoes, which no doubt will not be re
alized in practice.
The Highflyer. British cruiser of Sf/O
tons, had a two hours' full power trial
June 20 and made a speed of 19 knots with
10,153 horsepower. The horsepower Moe^d
ed the contract by 1S5, but the calculated
speed fell short one knot.
¦ The Sultan, rated as a third-class bat
tleship and on the effective list of th<*
British navy, is to be located at the Fal
mouth torpedo station to serve as a depot
ship for torpedo craft. This is service f»r
which almost any hulk would be suitable.
The British destroyer Shag made an av
erage of 20.343 knots during a three hours"
trial. She was light, drawing a fet 9*i
Inches forward and 7 feet l 1^ inches aft.
The steam averaged 213 pounds, revolu
tions 3S3 and the horsepower 5359.' th# lat
ter being 159 in excess of requirements.
The new VIckers 7^-Inch naval gun Is of
fifty caliber length and carries a projectiia
weighing 200 pounds, which, fired with a
charge of fifty pounds of cordite, attains
11.S25 foot tons. Its complete weight, in
cluding shield and mechanism, is sixteen
tons, the shield being three inches thick.
It can be elevated to sixteen degrees an 1
depressed to ten degrees, and six round3
per minute Is as fast as that of the six
inch grun.
China has three naval colleges, the old
est established at Fuchau In 1S70. that at
Tientsin in 1SS2 and at Nanking in IK*).
There were 120 students at latest report at
Nanking, one-haJf of whom were educate!
for line duty or deck officers and take a
course of five years. The other half have
to remain six years at the college, and be
come the scientific officers of the navy.
The studies are entirely in the English
language.
The Japanese. fle*t assembled before
Taku consisted one month ago of fourteen
vessels, of 52.145 tons, carrying about 50^
men. There were seven armored and pro
tected cruisers aggregating 39.012 tons,
three gunboats of 1933 tons and four de
stroyers of 1200 tons. The average age of
these vessels — barring the gunboats, which
¦were about ten years old — 'was less than
three years*and represents the very latest
in ships and guns, while those of ths
European fleets were in many cases bor
dering on the obsolete.
The French Chamber of Deputies more
than favored the Ministry's project for In
crease ol the navy, in that It added $2,000.
000 to the estimates for submarine boats
and torpedo boats. The new naval pro
gramme proposes the construction, of six
14,S00-ton battleships, five 12.600-ton arm
ored cruisers, twenty-eight destroyers and
as many submarine beats and torpedo
boats as can be built for ».u:.000. The
total cost of the entire fleet is estimated
at J23.S41.S0O. "With the ships already in
hand the budget would reach $33,610,600 for
shipbuilding. The ships are to be com
pleted by January 1. 1907. requiring an an
nual outlay of ?21.000.000.
An armored cruiser built for Russia at
La Seyne. France, and named Bayan. waj
launched last month. She Is 7300 tons, with
engines of 16.500 horsepower, calculated to
drive her at twenty-one knots, the con
tract stipulating that speed for twenty
four hours. She has a 7Va-inch Harveyized
belt and carries a battery of two eight-
Inch, eight six-inch quick-firers, twenty
thirteen-pounders and seven three-pound
ers. Her great length, 443 feet, ind a beam
of. only 67 feet indicates very fine lines
The nearest approximate sized vessels in
our navy are the Columbia and Minneapo
lis, which are 7375 tons. 412 feet in length
58 feet 2 Inches beam and a draught of 25
feet »iven inches, or 4 feet 5 Inches more
than the Bayan.
PRESS COMMENT
ON THE
PROBATE FRAUD
LOS GATOS MAIL.
Thanks are due the San Francisco Call
from the general public for the manner In
which it has exposed the fraud going on
in some of the San Francisco courts.
• ¦ • •
STOCKTON INDEPENDENT.
The service of the San Francisco Call in
probing the conspiracy to loot estates in
probate through attorneys of absent heirs
has earned for it the gratitude of the pub
lie. The Chretien scandal is a sorry mess
to expose to the public gaze, but such ex
posures are necessary as long as the bar
is cursed with conscienceless hyenas hang
ing around to loot the* dead.
* * •
MODESTO HERALD.
The San Francisco Call this week ex
posed a plot through which Attorney John
M. Chretien Imposed a false heir on the
Superior Court and looted a J3000 estate.
commlttlnR forgery, perjury and other
crimes. Investigation following the ex
pose demonstrated Chretien's guilt, and
now he has confessed. Chretien la a bril
liant man and has in the past figured
conspicuously In Bohemia and in clubdom
as well as a't the bar. but an apparently
inherent vein of crookedness has been his
undoing. Whispers of Illicit transactions
long ago shadowed his reputation and he
began to go down the social scale, until
now he is fairly at the bottom and the
gates of 'San Quentin are to close up^n
him.
MARYSVILL.E DEMOCRAT.
By the confession of Chretien the charges of
The Call ' concerning the conspiracy to take
possession of the estate of Joseph Sullivan have
been proven beyond a doubt. That confession,
however, was not needed to sustain the charxes.
It came. In fact, because the charges had been
proven hy ample testimony and .because fur
ther attempts at concealment would have been
futile The only valu* of th^ confession Is that
It completes the exposure of the crime and re
veals the thoroughness of the victory which The
Call has obtained In ita efforts for Justice.— Sail
Francisco CalL
The Call Is entitled to jrreat credit for
the excellent work In. exposing the rascals,
but It must not relax its vigilance until
the guilty persons are landed behind the
bars. The . Democrat had experience in
this line, and it speaks advisedly when It
warns The Call to, not only watch the ac
cused, but the officers whose duty it la to
sec the laws honestly enforced. In Yuba
i County alter the Democrat exposed the
men who were crooked and after a Grand
Jury of the best citizens had ordered pros
ecutions justice failed, and the conspira
tors were whitewashed by manipulating a
majority of a second Grand Jury.
THE NEBRASKA U UGAR CASE.
THE recent decision of the Interstate Commerce
Commission in the complaint brought before
that body some years ago, known as the Ne
braska sugar case, is of interest to Pacific Coast mer
chants, inasmuch as it has a direct bearing upon one
of the specifications of the complaint now before the
commission from the St. Louis Traffic Bureau — that
oi graded rates. We refer to that part of the latter
complaint protesting against terminal points, and fa
voring graded rates.
The Nebraska sugar case grew out of a complaint
brought before the commission by the merchants of
Kearney, Neb., against the Unidn Pacific, Southern
Pacific and other transcontinental" railways, alleging
that said railways were making a lower rate on sugar
from San Francisco to Omaha than to Kearney, the
htter being situated some 150 miles nearer the point
of origin than the former, and both located on the
main line of the Union Pacific Railway.
The commission in its decision acknowledges the
establishment by the evidence offered of the following
facts: There are two lines of vessels from Honolulu,
the point whence raw or unrefined sugar is shipped
to the United States, one via Cape Horn to New
York or Philadelphia, to other to San Francisco.
Hawaiian sugar. is refined in all of these three cities.
The rate from Honolulu to New York or Philadel
phia by sailing vessel is so low that in combination
with the rail rate from the latter cities to Omaha
such through rate is accomplished as to force the
transcontinental railways to make a rate of 50 cents
per hundred pounds from San Francisco to Omah.i
or lose the business. Such competitive conditions are
r.oi found to exist at Kearney. The rate from San
Francisco to Kearney is, say, 85 cents, this being the
sum of the competitive rate from San Francisco to
Omaha, 50 cents, plus the •local rate of the Union
Facific Railway Company back to Kearney, say, 35
cents.
In the face of these findings the commission decides
that the rate from San Francisco to Kearney is ex
cessive, and orders that same be reduced to 65 cents.
The basis of this decision is that it is fair to presume
that the transcontinental railways are not carrying
sugar from San Francisco to Omaha at a loss, there
fore, accepting 50 cents per hundred pounds to be the
cost to them of the service between San Francisco
and Omaha, the cost of like service between San
Francisco and Kearney would not be greater; on the
contrary, would be slightly less, inasmuch as the haul
is some one hundred and fifty miles shorter; hence
a charge of 85 cents for the transportation of freight
costing something less than 50 cents is, in the opinion
of the commission, excessive, 'unfair and unreason
able.
That the enforcement of the commission's decision
is fraught with danger to Pacific Coast interests will
be seen at a glance. Whereas now the rates from
Atlantic seaboard and Middle West cities to points
situated east of Pacific Coast terminals, such as
Ellensburg and Walla Walla, Wash.; Pendleton and
Baker City, Or., and Triickee and San Bernardino,
Cal., are in most instances based on transcontinental
sea competitive terminal rates, and the local from the,
nearest terminal added, under the .decision in this
case the basing rate would be accepted as the maxi
mum cost of the service, and rates would be estab
lished to intermediate points which,' in the opinion of
the commission, would pay the carriers a reasonable
profit, regardless of the local rates in force. The
jobbers in the terminal cities would thus be placed in
a most unfortunate position, inasmuch as the same
commission is powerless to maintain said- jobbers'
relative position with respect to the trade of the towns
affected by ordering a corresponding reduction in
local rates, the Interstate Commerce Commission
having jurisdiction over interstate rates only.
The logical result of the establishment of a rate
making principle such as outlined in the Nebraska
sugar case decision would be to curtail the distribu
tion by the coast" jobbers pf goods originating on the
Missouri River and cast thereof to the confines of
the jobber's own city, inasmuch as it is plain that the
Middle West jobbers would have a decided advantage
in all intermediate territory.
i HAVE read with interest the published
I statement in The Call of Attorney
I Pillsbury. who represented before the
Board of Equalization certain corpora
tions that objected to the assessment of
their franchise* as made by the Assessor.
In reply to his statement I submit for the
consideration of taxpayers the following:
Every good citizen must agree that
when a public official takes his oath of
office he is bound to enforce the law as he
finds It. and the remedy of those who feel
aggrieved is to have the law amended,
contest its legality in the courts or submit
that the right of the majority to make
and enforce laws is the correct principle
of government. In my official position as
Assessor I assessed according to law the
franchises of corporations. To this action
certain corporations objected, and em
ployed an attorney to contest the assess
ment before the Board of Equalization.
Naturally one would think a lawyer ap
pearing before such a board would plead
"law," but instead of doing so Attorney
Pillsbury presented no legal authority or
decisions of courts to sustain his position,
but instead of that makes a threat. He
says practically: "We are a favored class.
I ask you to i^ake an exception of the
corporations represented by me. If you
tax us for our franchise we will move
away." After finding but two votes in the
board who were at all influenced by his
argument the attempt »s then made to try
the case In the newspapers.
In his published statements he questions
the actions of the Assessor rather than
the law involved, or the Board of Equali
zation, who had the authority if he pre
sented good reasons to grant his request
and cancel the assessment.
Before Boards of Equalization in adjoin
ing counties when Attorney Pillsbury Is
pleading for a reduction in corporation
assessments he makes the statement that
the action of the Assessor in San Fran
cisco is driving capital away.
To this charge I will answer, first, that
It has been my endeavor to enforce the
law as I find it. This franchise tax has
been upheld by several decisions of the
Supreme Court of this State and by a
number of decisions of the United States
Supreme Court. In one of the latter de
cisions Justice Miller lays down the law
as follows: "It is obvious that while a
fnir assessment of a corporation may in
clude all the tangible property. It may not
include all its wealth. There may be prop
erty of another class not visible Or tangi
ble, which ought to respond to taxation
and which the State has a ripht to subject
to taxation, and which ought to pay Its
share of the taxes. This element the
State of Illinois calls the value of the
franchise.
That the franchise, the capital stock,
business and profits of all corporations
are liable to taxation admits of no dis
pute at this day. "Nothing can be more
certain in legal decisions," says this
court. " than that the privileges and
franchise of a private corporation may
be taxed by the State for the support cf
the State Government." This is the law
as established by the highest court in the
personal property, including household
furniture, merchandise, solvent credits,
money and franchises. The total fran
chise assessment, exclusive of the quasi
public corporations, is less than ?J.onO.Wc.-.
There Is $1^,000,000 of non-taxable bonua
still listed on the San Francisco Kxehansj
to select for investment, to say nothing cf
over J2W.0OO.WX) of stocks listed on the ex
change. It is an attempt to make ina
holders of these desirable securities pay
some tax that has led to this franchise
assessment. This compels the corporation
to pay the taxes on the stock held by its
wealthy stockholders.
Ihe prosperity of San Francisco depends
on that of the agricultural community t'f
this State to a great extent. If the monry
of the San Francisco banks and capital
ists was loaned to or Invested more freeiy
in farming or manufacturing Interests in
stead of being put so largely -in quasr
public bonds and stocks possibly business
In San Francisco would not suffer by tho
change. As this change would Increase
tne assessment roll the rate of taxes
would decline until San Francisco wouM
be the lowest taxed city in tne United
States. This would Invite capital to San
Francisco Instead of driving it away.
Section 15, article 12 of the constitution
of the State of California provides "that
corporations organized outside of th>>
State of California shall not be allowed
to transact business within this State <>u
more favorable conditions tnan are pre
scribed by the law to corporations or
ganiied under the laws of this State."
It Is just possible that by organizing in
Oregon or any other State a corporation
may not escape just taxation in Cali
fornia and that for the privilege of doir.fr
business In this State they mav be re
quired to pay a just proportion of taxe.-.
At any rate, the argument that we shouM
not tax some corporations because they
threaten to move away and thus deprive
San Francisco of some money which
otherwise might be expended here la na
more reasonable than It would be to con
tend that taxes against rich men for per
sonal property should be remitted, fcr
many of these do take up their reslderw-i
out of San Francisco in order to avoH
being taxed. On being- requested by tho
Assessor to make a statement of their
personal property. Including moneys an'l
solvent credits, they claim residence In
adjoining counties. When, however, trie
taxe? paid by them In adjoining counties
is ascertained It is found they are paying
on household effects only. To use thu
argument of Mr. Pillsbury. then let ua
exempt our rich citizens who can affonl
to move away from all taxation on per
sonal property. In the hope that they wl".
maintain their residence here as well »i
their business, and thus bi»n*»flt Rat
Francisco by disbursing th*» money which
a home her* would necessitate. This fs
practically the argument that corporation
attorneys advance In behalf of the cor
porations they represent.
Shall we abandon the principle Involvprt.
ignore the law. do injustice to the manr
that a favored few may escape taxation
simply because It Is withfn their power
to run away and thus escape the payment
of a fair, equitable and just tax? Never!
WASHINGTON DODGE. Assessor.
land. Can any language be more explicit?
And yet our Attorney General gravely as
serted that he objects to the taxation ol
franchises because this puta a tax on in
tangible property!
The charge that capital is being driven
from San Francisco by this attempt to
enforce the law of our State is based on
an alleged attempt of two corporations to
organize under the laws of the States of
Oregon and Washington. One of these
corporations is the Sunset Telephone, of
the State of California, acting with the
Interstate Telephone Company dolnsj
business In Oregon and Washington.
These corporations propose to organize
a trust corporation that will include anci
direct all its sub-companies on the entire
Pacific Coast, the headquarters of tne&e
consolidated corporations to be in Oregon.
At present the telephone business in ban
Francisco is done by the Pacific Tele
phone and Telegraph Company of Cali
fornia, which does not propose to ruu
away. The telephone business outside of
San Francisco is done by the Sunset Tele
phone Company. The statement of At
torney Pillsbury that they will take their
five hundred employes to Oregon la ab
surd. It has no employes in san t ran
Cisco to speak of. The company does nut
intend to move its poles and lines to Ore
gon, or relinquish its revenue obtained
from the good people of the State of Cali
fornia, nor will it cease to ask for the pro
tection of the same laws that is given to
other taxpayers at the expense of the
Government. Furthermore, the move
ment looking toward the establishment of
the headquarters in Oregon for these con
solidated telephone companies was begun
months ago. before any franchise assess
ment was made against this corporation,
as the attorney is well aware. ine
charge, therefore, that the assessment on
this franchise has detefmlned this step
is an insincere one.
The Alaska Packers' Association Is the
other corporation that thinks it can save
SSOOO a year in taxes to its wealthy stock
holders by moving to Seattle. Apropos
of this migrating tendency of corporations
who seek to escape from the burdens of
taxation. I can say that I have a number
of letters from Assessors of the State of
Washington asking about our franchise
laws, with the intent of having the same
adopted as the law of that State. In fact,
a considerable portion of my dally mail
is made up of inquiries from different
State officials asking for copies of our
franchise laws, and warmly commending
them, while expressing a desire to have
them incorporated in the laws of their
Granting the direful predictions that
certain capitalists of San Francisco, who
prefer to invest their capital in non-tax
able bonds or in stocks of corporations
that pay so little in taxes that they may
practically be classed as non-taxable se
curities, should for the noble and com
mendable purpose of escaping taxation
move away, what would be the effect?-
There are other capitalists who propose
to stay so long as they are only asked to
pav their just proportion- of the taxea.
Out of the total roll of J405.000.000, |2SS,nno.
000 is assessed against real estate in San
Francisco, and only $116,000,000 against all
MONDAY JULY 23, 1900
— ¦ 1 1
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
;ddess A'l Communica'iens to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
rCkJLTcATIO^~or r FICI5..BInrUet nnd Tlilrd. ». V.
Trlrphnur Pre«« SOI.
UUITOKUL SOOMS 21T t« 221 SterennoB St.
Telephone Prf«» 202.
D«-Ilv*>t-«>4 I»t «"«irrlrr«. IS Cent* V+r Week.
Slnxrl*- foplct. B t>nt«.
Trrui* br Mall. Iuclndtnv Pont«K«t
PAO.T CALL (tnrludinic Sundar). en* year W.09
r.MLY CAl.l« <irr!u;5:r.K Kunday). t month» 8.00
I>A!LY CAI..L <ln<-luainc Sur.dar>. * months l.M
I-AILT CAlAr-Hf F!ngt« Month «e
FT:NDAT CALL One Tear J-60
WEEKLY CALL On<» Year *-°°
All postmaster* arr fiatttnrlxed to rrcrlvc
labupriptloni.
BtmrU ci!n will be fr-r-i.arded when requ<«te4.
ila'.l «rub*cr!berm tn ordering chang* of addrt«* »hould tx
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt «od correct compliance with their request.
oililXND OFFICE. 1118 Bro»d*rn)
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Vernier Foreign Advertiflnj, Marquette Building, Chicago.
«Uooc Diatanoe TeletScr* "Ontral WO.'">
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARlTON Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildine
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!:
fhmnin Hocw: P. O. News Co*; CJreat Northern Hotel:
FYenioiu Uatr; Auditorium Hottl.
NEW TORK NEWB STANDS:
Wi:;, r'-A't'.rit Hotel; A. Drentano. U Union Bqosj-»;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON D. C\ OFFICE...... Wellington Hot*.
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
I.IHvriinFK'KT.«-fr; Mer.t*oir»ry. «-rm«r *£ Our. pt~i
cntll *:10 o'clock. 800 H«ti. open until t:SO o'clocK. U*
UcAl!l«ter. oren until f:JO o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
» £• o'clock .(41 ilifticn. open ur.lll 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
ccrcer Sixteenth, cprn until I o'clock. 1096 Valencia, opea
until t o clock. 106 Eleventh, open until I o'clock. NW cor
iii-r ;»•::• \ ». - p<j and Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock.
Assessor Dodge's Answer to Attorney Pillsbury.
FRANCHISE ASSESSMENTS DEFENDED.
EXPERIENCE IN CONGRESS
\A ANY times has The Call had occasion to point
/ \ out to the people of California the importance
of maintaining at Washington a delegation
composed of men who have had experience in Con
gressional service and have acquired a personal in
fluence with the leaders of their party and with Con
gressmen generally. ' New men in any line of endeavor
are handicapped by the very fact that they are new.
Other things being equal the man of experience in any
line of business is >vorth more than the newcomer.
California interests at the national capital^ have suf
fered in the past because the people have so fre
quently changed their representatives; because so
many members of the Stnte delegation neither knew
the leaders of Congress nor were known to them.
The contest now going on in the Third District for
the Republican nomination renders it necessary to re
peat the counsel so often given. The Republicans
there arc called upon to determine whether the pres
ent member. Mr. Metcalf. who has rendered good
service and has acquired experience and acquaintance
ship in Congress, shall be renominated and re-elected,
or be set aside for a new aspirant, who, in spite of
whatever personal good qualities he has. will enter the.
House ignorant of its methods of doing business and
without any extensive acquaintance and influence
among its members.
The leading competitor against the present repre
sentative is Henry P. Dalton, a man who is justly
popular among his fellow citizens of Alameda County,
and whose political record attests his efficiency in the
public service 1 . Against him personally The Call can
have no objections; but to support him in the contest
he is now making would mean the denial to Mr. Met
calf of that indorsement which his fidelity in Congress
has merited, and to deprive the Republicans of the
Third District of the service of an experienced repre
sentative for the purpose of substituting a new man
in the office.
It is, of course, understood that when a Congress
man docs not represent the views of his constituents
on great policies of government he should be set aside.
A conservative constituency whose welfare is depend
ent upon the maintenance of sound finance and pro
tection should not s end to Congress a man who will
vote for free silver or fiee trade, but where there is no
question of party policy at stake a constituency is fool
ifh when it dismisses a representative of experience
for the purpose of '"giving a new man a chance."
During his term of service Mr. Metcalf has won thw
esteem of his colleagues and the favor of the leaders
of his party. That, was made evident by the statements
published in The Call yesterday from Congressman
Loud: Judge McPhcrson of Iowa, who sat in the last
session of Congress with Mr. Metcalf; Senator Foster
of Washington and Speaker Henderson. Of thes^
statements that of the Speaker is worth requoting.
because it comes from the man who. in all probability,
will be Speaker during the next Congress and assign
its committees, and who. moreover, speaks with the
authority of a long experience in Washington.
Mr. Henderson said: "It seems impossible that
there should be any doubt as to Mr. Metcalf s return.
It would be a very great mistake not to return him to
liis peat in Congress. Mr. NT et calf is an ffirnest. con
scientious, intelligent and untiring worker. Califor
nia has never sent to the Congress of the United
States within my recollection a man who in his first
term has achieved such an enviable standing as has
Mr. Metcalf, and it will be unfortunate, not only for
the Third Congressional District but for the State of
California, if he is SOt returned."
In the Eastern s States the people have long since
learned the value of re-electing faithful representatives.
In many constituencies in the South and in New Eng
land such men are kept in Congress for life, and as a
result those States have a prestige in national affairs
altogether out of proportion to their wealth and their
population. Iowa is one of the few Mississippi Val
ley States that re-elect good men term after term, and
the result is she now has the Speakership. "ft is time
for California to learn the lesson.
any one who wishes to get rich by selling arms anil
ammunition to the Boxers has a right to do so.
The concert of Europe is in need .of. a leader.
There is only one man of sufficient rank to take com
mand without exciting jealousies, and that is Kaiser
William! He has frequently proclaimed himself a war
lord, and now is the time'for him to get to the front.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JULY 23, 1900.
French critics may be willing to fight duels in sup-
I crt of their opinion that the United States building
at the exposition is an architectural monstrosity, but
it i< safe to say that they will be respectfully silent in
icference to American athletes. The men of muscle
rre earning everything before them at Paris.
Supervisor McCarthy has voiced an emphatic pro
left to the policy which prompted the Board of
Health to cleanse private property in Chinatown. *Is
it possible that the Supervisor had particularly in
ir.ind that filthiest spot in the Chinese quarter — the
Sullivan property?
According to the Philadelphia Ledger Boss Croker
of Tammany was known in the early . eighties as
"Honest Dick Croker." and if that be, so the old man
has charjped a great deal or else the people of those
days were great iiars.
When asked a few days ago what he thought of
the chnnccs of the Bryanitcs to carry Maryland, Gor
man replied that he is more interested in farming
than in politics, and that the potato crop is going to
be* larce.
4
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Op^ra-houw— "The Great Kuby."
<~a!ifornia— "Hush City."
T-.v tt— "Waar.T
Alcarar— "Th*> Country Girl."
Orj'i.eura— Vaudeville.
Olnnpla. c.ir:ier Mason and EdJy Ftrpetp— Fjxr .altks.
C!:ute». Z"o anJ Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening
KikIkt'i- Vaudeville.
Gi ltien <Jat»? LHI2- Kxhtiiition of Painting:.
Hutro Bsthii— Ojfn nights.
AUCTION SALES.
Hy Cha»p & Mendenhall— Thursday. July 2C, at 11 o'clock.
Trotting ar. 1 WV'ik H.-rscfr, at ;7^2 Market Hwt.
Michigan has the largest capper mine.
Passports are not required in Europe.
That is to say, a passport is not needed
to secure admission to any of the countries
except Russia and Turkey. ¦ .. •- -
81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery
store, best eyeglasses, specks. 10c to We. •
Special Information supplied dally to
P«» e pnnn? USe S, and pu "£ men by thl
fflm?rS I1 . p . pln .? ?ur«au (Allen's). UO iont-
I0m«ry »t. Telephone Main 1W2. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townaend *.$lO0 Reward.
A reward of one hundred dollars will be
paid for the recovery of the bodies of M!s«
Bessie Warren and T. J. Kelly, who were
drowned in Raccoon Straits Sunday. July
15. The above reward will be paid by the
brothers of T. J. Kelly. •
Carriage Bashed Against a Tree and
He Is Thrown Violently to
the Ground.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, July 22.— Judge J. R. Me-
Farlan. founder of the town- of Dehesa, In
this county, died early this morning from
the effects of injuries sustained in a run
away accident yesterday afternoon.
He had driven to El Cajon with a spir
ited team of horses 'and started on the re
turn trip about 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
When about a mile and a half out of El
Cajon his horses became frightened and
unmanageable, and on account of his
advanced age, 70 years, he was unable to
control them.
While going at almost breakneck speed
the horses dashed the carriage against a
tree, and Judse McFarlan was thrown
with considerable force to the ground.
His head struck a rock and he was ren
dered unconscious. Several persons saw
the accident and ran to the assistance of
the Injured man. He was carried to a
doctor s house, and although everything
r)ssible was done for his relief he*died at
o'clock this morning without having re
gained consciousness.
Judge McFarlan came across the plains
In 1S50 and settled first at Downieville.
where he lived until ]S69. when he came to
San Diego County and founded the town
iof Dehesa. He leaves a widow and one
"son.
OPENING THE CAMPAIGN.
Democrats Will Begin Work in Earn
est This Week. .
CHICAGO, July 22.— The Democratic
National Committee will commence active
preliminary campaign work In earnest
this week. Senator James K. Jones, chair
man of the Xatipnal Committee, who is
expected here to-morrow, will immediately
assume direction of the preliminary work
Vice Chairman Stone of Missouri arrived
to-day and Commltteemen Campau of
Michigan and Johnson will arrive shortly
The locating of the national headquar
ters will be tl»e first matter to be disposed
of, and Chairman Jones is expected to
make known his list of committees beforo
the end of the week.
JUDGE MTARLAN LOSES
HIS LIFE IN A RUNAWAY
when Mr. Wu proposed to give him further evidence of Chinese
good faith by producing the American Minister himself.
Secretary Hay said that, in view of the incredulity of all
European powers .and the apparent inevitability of a general hos
tile movement against Peking, only the presence of one of the
Ministers at Tientsin or some other place outside Peking
would relieve this sit^tion - and check a forward movement.
Wu thereupon volunteered to undertake, through his friends
in China, to have the American Minister delivered to Remey at
either Tientsin or Taku, and in this way demonstrate that the
Imperial Government had throughout this trouble given pro
tection to the foreign Ministers.
It is not known by what means the Chinese. Minister ex
pects to carry out the plan, but it is supposed he will enlist the
services of the Governor of Shantung and Prince Ching,
through whom he succeeded in getting the cipher dispatch
from Minister Conger v The proposition is so startling it has
~been kept a profound secret by the State Department, but it is
given on creditable authority. If it succeeds, Conger will be able
to lay before the world the whole situation at Peking, and it is
hinted from Chinese sources that this may show the Imperial
Government in a better light than it has at any time appeared
since the trouble began, and also reveal that there have been
international provocations which have helped to create a con
dition of anarchy in Peking.
It would be a remarkable 'demonstration of friendship for
this Government if the Imperial Government should assist in
carrying out this plan to produce Minister Conger, as the rep
resentative of the one friendly power which has no designs upon
Chinese territory. It would probably excite the bitter enmity of
other powers, but it is possible there have been faults in Pe
king" not of Chinese origin, and that the Chinese may have had
reason to believe the foreign powers were taking advantage of
domestic troubles and anarchistic conditions to overthrow thef
Imperial Government and divide up Chinese territory among
themselves.
WU PROPOSES TO
DELIVER CONGER
OVER TO REMEY
Continued From First Page.
Accident to a Party of Campers
From. Alameda 2fear Santa
Px)sa.
BANTA ROSA. July 22.-A wagon in
¦which were four members of a party of
Alameda people who are camping on the
Gualala River was upset late last night
fcy the driver accidentally running over
an embankment.
The occupants of the vehicle ¦were
thrown to the ground and three of them
Injured, as follows: Bert Fisher, collar
bon* broken ar.d badly hurt on the back
of his heart; Kdward Dean, scalp cut and
other slight injuries: E<lward Donald,
one ear cut ar.d partly torn off.
Ord Townseafl, the fourth man of the
party, escaped unhurt. The injured men
were found by persons returning from the
theater la this city and removed to a
farmhouse, where they were cared for un
til this morning, when they came to town
for surgical treatment.
WAGON OVERTURNS AND
THREE ARE INJURED
LONDON, July 22.— A dense fog hung
over the Irish Channel yesterday morning
and the Cunard line steamer Campania,
en route from Xew York for Liverpool,
struck the Liverpool bark Embleton,
bound for New Zealand, amidships, cut
ting her in twain. The Embleton sank
Immediately.
Seven of the crew were rescued, but it
is believed the other eleven members of
the ship's company, including the captain,
were drowned. ,
The Campania had her bows Btove in,
but arrived safely at Liverpool five and a
half hours late.
The Campania was little Injured, but
had a narrow escape from serious disas
ter. The fog had delayed her passage
since Friday noon, and a tender went out
from Queenstown four miles, as Captain
Walker would not take the liner near
shore. - At Tuskar Light the fog was be
coming denser every moment. When the
Campania was about thirty miles north
east of the light a phantom ship rose sud
denly, without warning, directly across
her bows. Thirty seconds later the phan
tom had become a solid sailing vessel, into
which the liner crashed, her steel fore
foot going through the Embleton like the
clean cut of a sword and dividing her just
abaft the mainmast. The forward half
sank instantly. The stern swung viciously
round and the mast and yards for a mo
ment tore at the Campania. A lump of
wreckage came down on her decks. Then
the stern of the bark also disappeared and
the face of the sea was littered with
splintered timbers, boxes, barrels, the
whole upper works and lighter cargo, the
deckhouses and such things.
From the Instant when the phantom
came into view from the bridge of the
Campania until the last vestige of the
vessel vanished some sixty or eighty sec
onds had elapsed.
According to the Embleton's survivors,
for nearly half an hour before the col
lison the captain and first officer were be
low at breakfast, and although the fog
whistle of a large steamer could be heard
every minute, the bark never shifted her
course, the helmsman receiving no orders.
When, at 8:25 a. m. f the second officer,
to us« his own phrase, "heard the rush of
a steamer's bows," he shouted down to
the captain, who rushed on deck, but he
was too late to give an order.
The Campania was under one-third
steam. The captain, first officer and pilot
were on the bridge. The engines were In
stantly reversed and the helm put hard
down. No precaution was omitted. Some
of her pasengers had even grumbled at
what they called Fup»riiuous caution.
After the crash and the sudden cries the
boats were quickly got out. There were
no signs of panic: the members of the
crew were everywhere at their stations
and the best discipline was maintained.
The bulkheads were closed and every
thing possible was done to save life.
Some of the Campania's plates were
bent by the collision: her forepeak filled
with water; her foretopmast was broken
short on* and her steel rigging torn and
twisted. ,
The passengers held a meeting, adopted
resolutions of thanks to the captain and
crew and subscribed £700 for the relief of
the survivors and the families of the lost.
The Cunarder officials announce that the
damage suffered by the liner will not
prevent her sailing for the United States
next Saturday.
STEAMERS COLLIDE.
live Passengers Killed and It Is
Feared Others Were Drowned.
BEXFAST,' July 22.— In a collision last
evening outside Belfast Lough, between
the local passenger -steamers Dromedary
and Alligator, five passengers were killed
and more than fifty more or less seriously
injured, in many cases the amputation
of legs being necessary-
There were 600 passengers on board the
two vessels and terrible scenes followed
the collision. It is feared that some
others have been drowned.
Seven of the Crew of the Lost Vessel
Rescued, but It Is Believed
That Eleven Were
Drowned.
Disaster Occurred in Dense
Fog That Hung Ovet .
the Irish Channel.
SAILING SHIP
CUT IN TWAIN
BY CAMPANIA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, ' July 22.— Two systematic grain
thieves were captured red-handed early
this morning by Deputy Sheriff McCul
loch and Constable Coleman with two
wagonloads of barley, and landed in the
County JaIL_
For some time farmers around here
have been losing barley from piles In the
fields, but no trace of ih> thieves could be
found. One man lost seventy-three sacks.
Constable Coleman of this place made
the discovery which led to the capture of
the men, who are brothers named Brady.
The officers lay In wait all last night at
the Brady place, near town/and were re^"
warded by the two suspects driving in
about 1 o'clock with two loads of barley
amounting to seventy-three sacks. The
wagon tracks led to Farmer Kettelman's
ranch five miles away, where the barley
had been stolen. The elder Brady had
his wife with him on the wagon. In the
barn sixty-nine sacks more were found.
The Brady brothers, who came from
Texas, settled at the ranch on July 4. The
officers say they have been doing sys
tematic grainstcallng ever since. Con
stable Coleman thinks one of them has
done time in Texas for counterfeiting.
Officers Believe They Are the Men
Wlio Have Been Robbing
Farmers for the Past
Month.
Had Stolen a Quantity of
Grain From a Field
Near Lodi
TWO THIEVES
CAUGHT WITH
THEIR BOOTY
X-Rays Used for a Second Time on
the Famous Starter and Good Re
sults Are Hoped For.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, July 22.— Professors An
derson and Muncle, under the direction of
Dr. Archie Barkley, are trying to locate
a bullet In the back of the famous race
horse starter and turfman, James B. Fer
guson.
Starter Ferguson is at St. Joseph's Hos
pital and search is being made for the
bullet by the aid of X-ray photography.
Last night two negatives were made, but
because of poor lighting the leaden mis
sile did not show. This afternoon the
men made two more exposures, but as yet
the plates have not been developed and
the result is unknown. Should they still
be unsuccessful it ls their intention to
take Starter Ferguson to the State col
lege laboratorv. where they are better
prepared for work. Dr. Barkley said:
"I am satisfied from his symptoms that
the missile is pressing upon some nerve.
He has constantly a tingling feeling in his
legs and Is partially paralyzed."
Starter Ferguson said to a correspond
ent: "I was in a stooped portion when
the bullet was fired into me, and believe
It certainly went deeper In than my
rplne. The first shot of Captain May, my
antagonist, struck me in the left hand.
The eecond look effect In my leg and 1
fell to the pAvement. He then ran up to
me and fired twice at close range, both
bullets strlklnc me In the small of the
back, Just below the kidneys... This was
twenty years ago, and until recently I
have suffered little from the wounds.".
Dr. Barkley says Starter Ferguson also
has congestion of the liver. ,
CHAUTATJQTJANS AT SERVICE.
Mendelsshon's Oratorio "St. Paul"
Rendered at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROv'E. July 22.-Chautau
qua Sunday was celebrated with much
elaboration. The annual baccalaureate
sermon was delivered by Rev. Dr. Ell
McCllsh of the University of the Pacific.
The large assembly hall was packed to
the doors. At 5 p. tn. the annual vesper
service was celebrated.
Rev. H. N. Bovier of San Francisco led
the service. The evening exercise was
an entirely new feature. It consisted of
the presentation of Mendelssonnjs orato
rio "Saint Paul" by a chorus of 100 voices.
The chorus was composed of the San Jose
Oratorio Society augmented by members
of the San Francisco Oratorio Society and
pupils of the Pacific Grove * Summer
School of Music.
LOCATING THE BULLET
IN FERGUSON'S BACK
JOHN C. BAIRD.
JOHN C. BAIRD. the first United
States District Attorney of the Ter
ritory of Hawaii, arrived in the city
yesterday and ls a guest at the Oc
cidental. Mr. Baird ls a Wyoming man
from "way back," having been a resident
thereof for twenty-two years.
Mr. Baird began life as a newspaper
man. his first reportorial work having
been performed en the Pittsburg Dispatch.
He was bom In PittFburg forty-eight years
ago. and after devoting his early manhood
to journalism he began the study of law
and removed to Cheyenne, Wyo.. where he
was later admitted to practice. The hon
orable gentleman has been prominently
Identified with the history of Wyoming,
having been District Attorney of I^aramie
County twice and judge advocate general
of the State for nine years.
"I suppose I may be re?rrirrl<>d as a typi
cal Western man." said Mr. Baird yester
day, "as I have put in the best portion of
my life in the Rocky, Mountains. My of-
flclal life has been very agreeable and I
look forward to my new field of effort
with pleasant anticipation. I have not the
personal acquaintance of'Judge Estee, but
I have studied his ""Rules of Practice"
and corresponded with him until I feel as
though I enjoyed his friendship.
"Yes, I knew many of the noted charac
ters in my section of the country in the
past twenty years, among whom was Bill
Nye. Nye and myself were close friends
long before he began writing for the
newspapers. It was while he was a strug
gling Justice of the Peace that he gath
ered the material that enabled him to
write the stories that made the whole
world laugh and gave him fame and for
tune. He was a delightful companion,
and as a -health promoter better than aU
the doctors."
The new official will depart for Honolulu
on the steamer Australia on July 25. He
Is accompanied by his eldest son, Byron
K. Baird, who will be his clerk. Judge
Estee. his family and offlce force, will sail
on the same vessel.
WISHES TO KNOW IF
HE IS LEGALLY MARRIED
Odd Plight of Gerhardt Oken, a
Wealthy California Rancher,
Now in the East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOLEDO, Ohio. July -2. — Gerhardt On
ken, a rich California rancher, is sojourn-
Ing In .this city at present with a view to
ascertaining if a young woman whom he
met here through the medium of a "Per
sonal" and who left him in Chicago
thirty-six hours after they were married,
as he supposed, ls really his wife. In the
Police Court wnere he cnarged the lady,
Mi?s Louise Warrington. with "practicing
a trick with intent to cheat." the Judga
held that a^ there was a probability as to
whether the man who performed the al
leged ceremony was a Justice of the
Peace, there was a probability of mar
riage at common law. He therefore dis
missed the case on the ground that (.he
charge would not hold as preferred by
husband against wife.
But Onken had secured Miss Warring
ton's trunk and she sought replevin in
the city courts. There the Judge held
that there was no evidence of marriage
and that the lady was entitled to replevin.
To this decision Onken has taken excep
tion and will go to the Common Pleas
Court that his situation In a matrimonial
way may be determined. He is apparent
ly not very eager to make good the mar
riage which is repudiated and denied by
the lady, but would like to know whether
he ls married or single.
MEHAN'S MYSTERIOUS DEATH.
Wounds on the Head Indicate That
He Was Murdered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, July 22. — The remains of
the man found In Stockton Channel yes
terday were to-day identified as those of
James N. Mehan, who had relatives re
siding on Kate street between Seventh
and Eighth, in San Francisco.
Mehan was a steamboatman and has
been In service on the river boat H. E.
¦\Vright. He had drawn ¦ considerable
money the day before and became intox
icated. ) The autopsy indicated that the
up!y wounds found on his head were In
flicted most likely before the body went
into the water.
The officers are working on the theory
that the man was sandbagged, robbed and
the remains thrown In the channel m
the hopes of covering the crime. There
ls. however, no clew to indicate the truilty
party or parties, if auy.
Judge Hughes Sinking.
SAX DIEGO. July 22.— A private tele
gram from Washington, D. C. says that
Superior Judge J. W. Hughes of San
Diego, who has been 111 for some time In
the Gnrfleld Hospital, ls sinking rapidly
and his recovery is not probable.
Filipino Commander "Writes a Letter
Purporting to Give the Con
versation Held.
SIOT7X FALI^S. S. D.. July 22.— A letter
has been received by Senator R. F. Petti
grew from one of the leading commander*
of the Fi'lpino army, giving additional
light on the claims of the Filipino people
as to the understanding that was arrived
at between then arid the Americans before
the opening cf hostilities in the Philip
pines. The letter is to the effect that
through Consul V.'ildrnan at Hongkong an
interview was held with Admiral Dewey
when the following conversation, in
French. Flag Lieutenant Brumby acting
as interpreter, was had:
Fll'.pino — Admiral, it havlr.g come to our
knowledge that a war between your country
e.r.4 Spam is imminent, we, who have fought
the latter fcr our Independence, are willing, la
el*"iience to the desires manifested by «j-ou to
Genera! Ar.'.M i -. through Mr. Wood, to take
fart in the war a* allies of America, so long
es it be earned en with the object of freeing
from the yoke cf S^a'n her colonies, giving
them their independence.
Admiral De*e> — The Arserican pecple. criarn-
BtetM cf liberty. wlH undertake this war with
the humanitarian object of freeing from the
Sj^r.ish yoke the j*cples under it, and will
irive you Independence an1 freedom, as we
Filipino — We are very grateful for this pen
erous rr.ar.'.'estatlen of the great American peo
ple, and being made through an admiral cf
their r.avy we value it more than a written
ontract. ami thereupon place oureelves at your
?ntlre dlsri^osaJ.
Admiral PfEty— 1 plaoe at your disposal the !
shir* cf rr.y f.eet for the conveyar.ee cf both the _
Filipino leaders and the arms you rr.ay get. '
Moreover, I think xr.y Government is willing to
eurrly you v-:th arms and ammunition.
Filipino— TV e are thankful to you f?r this new
g-er.eroe Ity of the American people anil you may
be cure that we are ready to f.sht at your side
for the independence Of the Philippine*, even
without amf. as we have done during the re
cent revolution.
Admiral Dewey — America 1» rich in every
respect. She has territcries sparsely inhabited.
B^if."* our eeocdtOtlon prevents '"territcrl
exrar.«!<->n" outflde of America: therefore, the
PV.ir'.no* may b* sure of the!r independence
¦ nd not a bit of their land Eball be jaken from ;
them.
After these conclusive and formal state- '
m«T.ts the conversation turned to other !
details concerning 1 the state of ths i
country- \
MANILA, July 22.— It is officially re
p<->rtedfthat last week 2O Insurgents were,
kllied and 130 surrendered or wd«re cap
tured. One hundred rifles were taken.
Twelve Americans were killed and eleven
wounded.
Tnls includes the casualties cf Colonel
¦Willia!fc E. Berkheimer's engagement
with a force of the Twenty-eighth Vol
unteer Ir.far.try, who attacked 200 insur
gents intrenched two miles east of TaaJ.
killing twenty-eiprt.
A detachment of the Signal Corps while
repairing wires was twice ambushed.
Captain Charles D. Roberts of the Thir
ty-tilth Volunteer Infantry, who was cap
tured by the Filipinos last May, has ar
rived here or. parole, lie will not return
to captivity.
Senor 15ucncamino last Thursday sent
to Aguif.aldo, Viy means of Aguinaldo'3
xrether, the amnesty resolutions adopted
by the meeting of representative Filipinos
on June S. together with General Mae-
Arthur's answer to them and other docu
ments bearing upr>n the restoration of
peace. It' is understood that AguiniMj
will summon his advisers and that a r<4 ly
tray be c-y-T>ecxed within a month.
ASSERT THAT DEWEY
PROMISED INDEPENDENCE
Filipinos here v.-ill give a banquet next
Saturday in celebration --f President Me-
Kin'.ev's order of amnesty.
Two Hundred Filipinos Slain, While
cf the United States Troops
Twelve Were Killed and
Eleven Wounded.
EVIDENCE THAT WAR
'IS NOT AT AN END
Weekly Record of the Losses
of Insurgents and
Americans.
CEASELESS
SLAUCHTER
OF TACALS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 22.—Arch
bishop Rlordan preached the sermon at
the laying of the cornerstone of St.
Mary's Cathedral in this city to-day in the
presence of a very large number of peo
ple.\The ceremonies were very Impressive.
Bishop Scanlan laid the cornerstone.
In his address the Archbishop paid
tribute to the men and the women off this
city whose generosity had made it possi
ble for what promised to be one of the
finest church structures in the country to
be built, and assured them that the bless
ings of the Almighty would follow them
through life.
The Catholic church, he said, was the
only one that had kept the true faith and
had followed the teachings of Christ for
1900 years. It was the only true church,
and It would last in Its new strength and
might as the rugged mountains by which
It was surrounded.
While a catholic structure and erected
under the auspices of that church. It
would not be exclusive, in that every
Christian sect would be welcome within
Its walls, while as a monument to the us©
and progress of the Catholic church It
also typified the congress of Christianity.
The decorations were magnificent and th«
music of th«» most pleasing kind.
Compliments the PeGple of the City
on the Construction of the Edi
fice and Says It Will -Be
Open t% All.
Preaches at the Dedication
of a Cathedral in Salt
Lake City.
ARCHBISHOP
RIORDAH IS
HEARING HOME
Special Dispatch to The Call,
VICTORIA. B. C, July 22.— The steamer
Amur, the richest treasure ship of the
season, bringing, a million in gold dust an<l
ninety passengers, most of whom have
made fortunes in the Klondike either
mining or trading, reached here this
afternoon. Besides the gold there wera
of course many drafts representing an
other million in dust which the passengers
had disposed of before leaving Dawson.
Among the richest men on board were
Robert Anderson, who located the Gov
ernment concession on Hunker Creek in
which a number of Vancouverites are in
terester and out of a pocket la which
$90,GX> was taken; Hart, the owner of Dis
covery of Bonanza; Mrs. Nellson, who has
made $100,000 out of the Yukon Hotel,
Dawson. and who ls on her way to
Sweden: H. I.IcLaughlin, a Bonanza claim
owner; C. Leplant, who owns discovery ol
Last Chance; Turner Tawnsend, who has
Just disposed of a ton of tobacco and
cig-ars in Dawson. and Mrs. Shute, wife
of the senior partner in Suuto & Mills,
who took $<90,000 out of four claims on
Gold Run, and the Cassidy Brothers, who
have just sold one claim on French Hill
for an immense suon.
These men estimate the year's output of
Klondike at twenty-five millions, taking
Into account the fact that the claims are
now being worked summer and winter.
There is still a great deal of grumbling
over the 10 per cent royalty which the
miners .say makes it Impossible to work
some of the richest- claims at a profit.
Carries Ninety Passengers, Many of
Whom Have Made Hand
some Fortunes in the
Klondike.
Dust and Drafts Aboard Her
Are Valued at Two
Millions.
CARGO OF GOLD
BROUGHT DOWN
BY THE AMUR
UNCLE SAM'S DISTRICT
ATTORNEY FOR HAWAII
THE SAJN iiKAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 23, 1900.
5
Topcka German Catholics are erecting a
college.
DB.PIERCES 1
€»€&i.I2Eftf
MEDICAL
DBSCOVERV
FOR THE
B LOOP. gJVER. LUNGS:
*Z&5i& S ** i <&ysi for <;onorrhi»»C
*i£-£?'CCIlE» !; ta«i Pl-»t. Sj.mitorrho«x
jf*?,y la 1 " » «»ri-^a w hit**, isoilsnl -torn
/Siiej/ Gc»r»3«»»» Jfi <"har?^«. or anr w2a-nTia»
gib J net w kiU-ai*. tion, , irrititloa or liieera*
S»^J»rirent» ooaujtja. tion et Banco 3 s n:r=*
y^^THEEmi C*;uf n fa. fc raaes. ."ian-Mtrlagcni
c - a 3r aent l3 ;>utn w ri?r*^,
/©9SVjl'J<£-2t2 JT ex?r?ij. cr-^airl, £.<
iV 00 * or s *x>«i>». tf-7*,
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health anl
strength to sexual organs. Depot. XZi Market.
Weak Men and Women
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMTJS-rTlvrFreT3. _Vfi:'
FIFTH WEEK OF THE
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
Six Nights— Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
First Time H»re of the New Tork Lyceum
Theater Success.
"HIS EXCELLENCY
THE GOVERNOR."
A Farcical Romance by R. Marshall.
"It Is as fresh and daint-- as the flovrvrs that
bloom In the spring. " — New York Sun.
Next Thursday Afternoon and Sun-lay N'lrr.t.
Second Series BURTON HOLMKS l.ErTL'IJ£.S.
Subject— '-JAPAN REVISITED." '
Next 'Week— Henry Miller In •¦EROTHEIl OF-
FICKRS."
••THE ALLIED FORGES" OF VAUDEVILLE.
SfLLIVAN AND WEBBER; MAZIE KING;
JESSIE PADGHAM; KTTA BUTLER: WIL-
LIAMSON AND STONE: DONAHUE AND
NICHOLS: GILBERT AND GOLDIE,
A2CD LAST WEEK OF
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Showtae the Burning North G«rmaa Lloyd
Steamers.
Reset-red seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 60c.
Matlneea Wednesday. Satarfay asd Sunday.
*TIYOLI*
- OXL.T EIGHT MORE TTMES.
Of th« Enormous Coraic Opera Success,
WAJNG!
Evenlars at 8. Mit!n»» Saturday at 1
SPECIAL!— Next Monday Bcgin3
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
SEAT3 ARE NOW OX SALB.
Repertoire. First 'Week. "AIDA" aarl
"LUCIA."
POPULAR PRICES Bo and 50c
T«lej>bone Bush 9.
Walter Moroaco Solo Lessee and Manager
S5FBAWLEYSSS;
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP!
THE GREAT RUBY!
rNASIMOUSLY PROSOCXCED BT THE
PRESS THE GREATEST PRODUCTION
EVER WITNESSED HERE.
rRICES—Rc 50c. 25c. 15o
SATURDAT MATINEE— We, 23c. 15c. 19c
Branch Ticket Offlce. Emporium.
LIKECHAIN LICiHTNINC
THE LAUGHS CAME LAST XIOHT
And Everybody Said It Was Tremendously
Funny
RUSH CITY.
Presented by
MATHEWSand BULGER
And DUNNE Jt RILEfS
ALL - STAR OAST
For the Balance £f This Week.
ONLT MATIN'HE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Night— "BY THE SAD SEA
WAVES."
#LVh eat r eTM>
THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT,
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Supported by WHITE WHITTLE3ET In th»
Channlns Play.
THE
GuuPiTn Y GinL
Special Engagement THEODORE ROBERTS.
ONLT MATINES SATURDAT.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENEfO.
LA LISTA. GREENTTAT, J. W. BARNES.
THE BARTONS. THE 0GCEX3. MEW MOT.
ING PICTURES. THE UNTAMABLE LION
ACT.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
Amateur Night, Thnrsdaj.
. Cakewalk Night, Saturday.
Telephone for Seats" Park 21
UTCrWPR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlbtnLno ,»di-i«:on io.-.
DEETS AND DON: MAE TUNISON: DA 1ST
EISHOP; JAMES E. NICHOLS: VIOLET
JOHNSON: WESTIN. the Man of 1"O Faces,
and XEW MOVING PICTURES.
MATINEE SUNDAT. Reserved Seata. »&
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From T a. in. to U P. ra.
Bathlr.g frora T a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION Vte. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathlnr. Including admission 25c. Children. S>c.
M. MORAN DROWN'S LATEST PAIHTIHG,
"HELEN OF TROY,"
On Exhibition at GOLDEN GATE HALL,
Satter Sr.. Until Further Notice.
*J2 i * From J to 11 p. m.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of th«
glob« >» how their asoreclatlon of the
comforts and luxuries to b*> obtalr->-1
tn these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco. * -• * :
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated unJ-r one mao&ze-
ment on the American and European
piass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
' SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Kona Coffee Ib 20c
From Sandwich Islands. We Invite
comparison with olh«- "Kora." Roasted
and ground dally. Regular 25c
New — The Little Woxitfer v 50c
Combined Egg Botl«r. Poacher and
Saucepan. Highly nickel-plated. Reg-
ular 73c.
Cal Olive Oil. Ma Santa Ana" brand.tot 75c
First pressing. Purest on the market.
Recommended by the medical profes-
sion. Recular «5c each.
Talcum Powder, Lady Jeansttes, 3 tins 25c
Softens and preserves the skin. Reg-
ular 10c each.
Farina, decker's pkg 10c
¦Wholesome and nutritions for torallds
and Infanta. Regular 1IV:.
Rice, Carolina 5-lb pkg 45c
£and. -10-ib pkg 85C
Tne finest quality.
Gelatine, Cox's pkg 10c
Makes one quart. Regnlar ll%c.
Cal. Macaroni, Vermicelli or
Spaghetti box 25c
Regular 35c
Mustard, French, Louit Freres 20c
RejTilar 23c
Llsterine Soap box of 3 cakes 25c
Lambert's. Possesses the refreshing
hygienic properties of llsterine.
Vanilla Extract 40c
Our best "Jf«w Era" brand. Rer. 60c.
Lemon Extract 30c
Our best "New Era" brand. Reg;. 40c.
Blackberry Brandy pt 35c
Pure for medicinal nse. uf RRn
Regular 50c and 90c. 1{I OJU
Sweet Wines 3botsSi.no ;
Pure California Angelica. Port. Sherry. '¦
Tokay. Muscatel and Madeira. Regular I
COc bottle. i
ec^P^» Family Scale $1.50
(T Accurate— ¦weighs up to
tju+mtnr* z * lbs - Only 10 at this
nB?*Si rr!<"f- regular i2.
V*38 CIGARS.
V?»V^/j2 B«?t value ever ofT»r»d.
Jjfejjg Sab"! a Miiripl" imported
L " ftlUIICl Havana.
-^iirfai***^ Sire sold els^im. C« n Ji
where 2 for Me: we sell regular atUz" tflCn '
New shipment Just In. For a 5-center
try "OLD GLORY"— sweet long smoke.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ISO PLATES C?-^\
/£$&. REQUIRED jpx/
Our removable tridce work Is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
>95^ Our $5-00 Plates
v3^.^-«2>w fit Ill^e a glove.
f&5v££&^&jii&{$& Our njethod for
JySii-srSi; £j£'"Jik&r PolQless extracting
WliS&ti***^**?* ls Parted ana
fi^fl*t3PMirV-T'iP tsed fa y no other
>&7il ViW^ dentist oo tb« Pa-
1WI#^ clflc Coast.
PRICE LIST for » Dars:
Painless Extraction 2.'e
Remuvabie Brldgework f.t.OO
Crowns f2.OO to ?.-.oo
Pure Gold Fillings $1.0O
Amalgam' ,.. 5Oe I
Gold and Plntlna :..»l.no ;
Silver FilllnKS 5Oc
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to th«
children's teeth— palnlwly. I
DR. R. L. \A/A\L«9»-I.
815% GEART ST.. between Hyde and Larkin.
Offle* Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays.
i to 11 Telephone Polk 1135.
PEERLESS 'OIL COMPANY*-
IS PREPARED TO SUPPLY
FUEL OH.
Br th» carload. In any quantity, at any rail-
road station.
Afldress Room 47. Eighth Floor. Mills Build-
Ing. San Francisco.
I do not b«lieTp there
J&3^£t&\ " * ca?< ? oi dysp*p-
JjgSswBgsSja. *!a, indigestion cr
J§gf^ w **^£|& any itomach tronble
tk£T Jt^g that cannot be re-
S» — ,m, uT?^ffir l' eTe^ •* one© and
ffy «E3**ir£iiJJjP permanently cure<l
U by my DYSPEPSIA
J^^^piSr MUXTON*.
At all drugpists,
•&^3&Ti-»t£v^.?5S 25c- a TiaL Gui'lo
» t0 Health and medi-
1 I j^ cal adTice free. 1503
. * Arch street, Phil a.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Ven,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
A war- OR JORDAN'S great _»
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
§ rh ¦^imtwwiwuw/tMi
\ Cr Th * t-* r ( nt Anatomical MuMum in the \
A fftrtiim. World. *Hlat!wi or u« contracted &
jL PlpKw <!»»'« l* rMU " l 7e»«'*"^tbffoldMtT
g) fjgjgl Speaalkt cb tlk. Ccou. En 36 y a»r» £
6 JCftvi 03. JCROWf-PRIYATE DISEASES* *
\ W $6st5%H tooTOltartm Ara and mltUy prime. \
B I XSVa II t" l ' m " t P«"O"»">' or br Inter. A I I
\ fl a T» H f * tst9 * Cto^taererjreajeBademkw. '
A 6 a IIU W rt -f:r Hooi. PI5ILO1O?nV»f A
"MI II * »4»aiAoK. mailed Faaa. j a r
x /J fl vahKble (vjoh foe mm) \
9 till. JOBDAK A CO., 1091 Market St., S. F. I '
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Catise
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful recularlty.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Ldver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 2Sc a box. At Druggists, or
hw lull. KADWAY A CO.. New Tork.
• - .
t~ ill w^ *2lsL j£*\
OllfcREDIT SYSTEM
IS SUPERB.
Country houses, hotels, flats
completely furnished, with free
delivery.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Op*n EveaiBTB. Kear Powell.Signs f cr a Contest to Be Held Before
the National Club.
CHICAGO. July 22.— Tommy Ryan to
day r'.gr.ed articles to meet Jack Moffatt
iW«re the Naticr.al Club of San Fran
cisco on September 7 for a purse of K000.
The contest will be for twenty rounds at
2Li pounds.
BYA2T TO MEET MOFFATT.
NEW SERUM CURES A
YELLOW FEVER PATIENT
Dr. Bellingzaghi, the Young Brazil
ian Experimenter, la Meeting
"With Success.
VERA CRUZ. July C— The first patient
treated with the yehow fever serum by
the younjr Brazilian experimenter. Dr.
Bellinsriaghi. is fully convalescent. Other
patients treated are projrressins favor
ably. There is Intense interest in the ex
periments. Patients very low with black
vomit have been treated and the effect is
marvelous.
CHICAGO, July 23.— After months of td'.e
ne»» thirty cut stone contractors, many of
them members of the : Bulldlnir Contractors*
Council, hav* entered fnto an agreement with
the ofneera of the Stonecutters' Union to re
turn* work and tq submit all .'.irTereuce* to a
peraanent arbitration coismlttt*.
Danish Societies Outing,
The most Important match In the con
tinuous tennis tournament yesterday was
that between Rob Whitney and W. Collier
Jr. The first was a long set. every point
being struggled for. Whitney finally won
out, 11—9. In the second Collier assumed
the lead by volleying deep to the side
lines. " Whitney took a brace and by
swift drives down the side lines and
across court, varied by an occasional lob,
won the set, 7—6. The preceding sets
seem to have taken all the steam out of
the veteran Collier and Whitney quickly
ra\i out the third Bet and match, ft— 0.
The next match was between Grant
Smith and Merle Johnson. Smith won the
first set, 6 — 1. and the next, 6—2, giving
him the match.
"Walter McGavin defeated Al Rosenberg,
6 — 4, 6 — S. This was the prettiest match
of the day. It was a case of experience
and skill against youth and speed and the
veteran won. R. Whitney and Grant
Smith played a tie match with George
Whitney and W. B. Collier Jr., whioh re
sulted in two sets all. Al Rosenberg de
feated Mr. Hilt of New York, 6-4. 6-3,
6—2. Huehn defeated Mayhew, 3—6, &— 2,
6—4.
.Professor Daily will visit the Alameda
courts on Tuesday. He has a large class
of lady players whom he Is coaching for
the ladies' championship in singles.
IIIN0B BASEBALL.
Beliance Team of Oakland Meets De
feat at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL. July S-— A well attend
rd gane of ba*fba'l was played on the
Han SSde grounds here this afternoon be
tween the San Rafaels and the Reliance
team of Oak'ar.d. The local team playv-J
rpl«5diii ball and won out easily, the score
standir.jr it to 1 in their favor.
COLISA. July 22.— The local nine was
defeated by the Baiter & Hamiltons of
San Fra.r.eiseo to-day. Score 4 to 3.
VISALIA. July C2.— The nine from Han
ford was defeated by the local boys to
day. Score: Visal'.a 11. Hanford H.
SHARP TENNIS- PLAYED
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
There were twelve well contested frames
of handball played at Phil Ryan's har.d
bnll court. fCs Howard street, yesterday
nfternoon. Amohp the players was Walter
Vllliams. a yours San Fr*ndsco boy, who
railed Old Glory to the mast In Wake Isl
and at the time that the United States
man-of-war Her.r.inpton made Its famous
trip to the Philippine Islands. Tne games
and score* are a* follows:
G. n. Hay»»rJ unrt P. Ryan.. n 21 SI It »
W. Fi*her and W. II. Sieber»t..W IS 18 21 21
G Msjruir* a.nA O. B. Iia>w»rd 11 51 II
M. Joyce and Ii. lletf! S 11 14
n. C^nneHy and T. Leach 21 II IS 21 23
W. WiKiaai* aad W. Wa!<>h....U 1J 21 17 21
J. RJordan ani R. Marphj 21 20 21 11
J. Cotlln* and E. Curley II *1 16 18
T. Defty and E. White 21 17 21 H
W. Johnston ar.d J. G'.ynn 1J 21 s i:
J L«n»re and M. L*vr 21 21 21 1«
\V. Wftlith ard E. Levene 12 17 20 21
N. Polidort an* J. Fitzpatriek 21 21 21
H. R*couaiat and H. Stein 19 g j
T\ F.ecan and M Kirby 21 19 21
E. Barry »nJ P- F"alo 1* 21 11
G. Mcrvr.*J2 and U Ksolle...'.. 21 21 21
V. McKir-r.oo and M. MrNeil 20 1» IS
E. McGlnty *nd C. Lakla II 16 21 U 21
e. Smith ar.d P. Mum U 21 IS Jl 9
T. Murray and M- Conrey 21 11 21
J. T W::::»r.:i and J. Klrkh&m 23 17 1J
nnb F. Rrrwri 21 19 21
Chart** E. L!r>P I» 21 4
Mayor Clark's Plan to Put a Stop to
Stories of a Corruption
Fund.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACHAMEXTO, July Action will be
ORDINANCE TO LICENSE
SLOT MACHINES
Anniversary of tbe I^ocal Union Cele
brated by a Picnic at Fairfax
Park.
The third anniversary of San Fran
cisco Stereotypers' Union No. 29 was cele
brated yesterday by a picnic at Fairfax
Park and proved to be one of the most
successful events of the season. There
wps a large crowd present and all seemed
to enjoy themselves Immensely.
A valuable list of gate and game prizes
wps given to the lucky winners. The fol
lowing committees had charge of the af
fair:
Oamen— "Hcrr" Emil Pensel. Herbert E. Cal
linan and J. I*. Fitzsimmons.
Arrangements — Herbert E. Calllnan (chair
man). J. f- Fitzsitnmons, A. Carley, E. I.
Gianninl and W. S. Matloy.
pi oor _jo3oph Moran. W. H. Knig, E. I.
Glanntnl. E. Gorman, J. II. Peters. W. Parker
and Abram Carley.
The winners of the various games Were
as follows:
Eoys' race, und^r 8 years — Willie Goodman,
Alfred Feterson. Willie Field.
Girls" race, under 8 year*— Dorothy Drew.
Alma Wise, llyrtle Baruch.
Girls' race, under 13 years— Edith Dougherty,
Cls-mentlna Whear. Tina Bidekoff.
Boys' race, under 15 years— Willie. Goodman.
Dave Sullivan. Chip Smith.
Men's race— A. Jellnski, E. A. Billiard. F. P.
Malone. /
Ladies' race— May Mclnerny. Laura Chase.
Kitty Change.
Fat men's race— Frederick Shades. Joseph
Patrick O'Montn, Thomas Packham.
Fat ladies' race— Mrs. John Madison, Mr»
James Smith. Mr?. Patrick O" Moran.
Vnion members' race — Jasper Craig, W. Krur,
J. Fitzsimmons. James Smith.
Three-lejfKed race— W. Malloy and Ed Car
lie. E. A. HUllard and F_P. Malone.
Members' wives' race— Mrs. A. Carley, Mrs.
J. P. Moran. Mrs. J. £mlth.
¦ Young 1 men's race— E. A. Hllliard, Jasper
CralK. W. S. Malloy.
Young ladles' race— Mrs. A. Carley. Miss M.
Morras. Miss I. Vandewater.
Married men's race — J. Trabucco, C. Mc-
Greavy, J. Smilh.
Married ladles' race— Mrs. A. Carley. Mrs. J.
P. Moran. Mrs. Robert McLauKhlln.
After the games dancing was indulged
In by those present, among the most con
spicuous being Tom Packham, smiling on
all. and cutting quite a dash In his new
suit.
Patrick Cornelius Mcran was disappoint
ed in not winning the fat men's race as
he had trained faithfully for three months
especially to win this race. And to fin
ish second was a bitter disappoint
ment. James "Chips" Smith was all there
with the ladies especially during the
dancinK. "Herr" Dincle proved a most
efflcient master of ceremonies. . * ~
Turners Sing Original Opera.
The Turners' Hall at 323 Turk street waa
packed last night to hear the maiden pro
duction of Carl Hopfuer's original opera
l5L three acta « «ntltied "Die Apickanerin "
The cast was excellent and manv of the
vocal numbers were enthusiastically en.
a j R i£_ hard fc-uhn were particularly
Eood. The affair was under tfte auspices
S£ th / S ln^ rK section of the Turn Vereln.
Jn^«2 w £ commI «fe of arrangements
engineered the entertainment to success:
H. J. falmmen. R, Kuhn. Adam Brehn and
£raoz Jacoby.
STEREOTYPERS ENJOY
' THEIR ANNUAL OUTING
Handball Matches.
Good Scores Are Made by Marksmen,
A. J. "Webb Carrying Off
the Laurels.
The Olympic Gun Club was out In force
at Ingleslde yesterday, and in spite of the
high wind which prevailed many good
scores were recorded. Two shoots were
held — ciay pigeon and live bird. In the
former event A. J. Webb easily carried
off the laurels with a score of 25. the high
est possible. Breun. Justin. "Wilson and
Feudner also did good work. At the live
birds Wilson proved best gun. with 12 out
of 12 and a thirty-yard handicap. The
birds were lively and got away In good
style, providing material for some pretty
shots. The detailed scores of both matches
follow:
Club shoot, twenty-flve targets — S. Seovera IS
M. O. Feudner 22. F. Feudner 21, SlacJe V*. A.
J. Webb 23, E.I Schultz 21. J. J. Sweeney 12. II.
Jujtins 2<>. '•Wilson" 22. J. Bruns IS.
Second event, twenty targets — M. O. Feudner
i:.. E. L. Pehultz IS. A. J. 17. "Tron
hon*"' 19. F. Feudner 13. J. J. Sweeney 12-14.
H. Justlns 13. ••Wilscn"' a.
Diamond-ring event, twenty-five targets— A.
J. Webb 21. E. E. Sehulta 21. M. O. Feudner 17.
"Trombcne" 23. F. Feudner 23.
Live-pigeon shf«ct— Feudner 11. Schu!ta *.
Sweeney 12, Williamson 12, Behert 13, Murdock
10. Feudner. B. 9.. 11, Roos 12, Kins 11. Wil
liamson 11, Wamis S, Bruns 11. Wilson 12. Jus
tlns 12. H. Kullman 12. Justins ». Wilaon 13.
J. Kullman 11. Broekbank 12.
Practice targets— F. Feudner 9, Slade 11.
Webb IS. Webb 14. Broekbank IS. "Trombone"
24 F. Feudr.er 2<\ m. Feudner 13. "Trombone"
1£. K. L. Schultz 19. "TrJ-nbone" 23. Broekbank
16. Schultz 2'>, 'Trombone" 17. "Trombone" 9.
Webb 4. Sweeney S. Cate 3. II. O. Feudner 3.
Sweeney ». Cat* 6-7. M. O. Feudner S. A. Mj.it-
Und 13, A. Maltland 12.
Fun at Pleasure Places.
Big crowds enjoyed tne pleasant weatner
of yesterday afternoon at the Park,
beach. Chutes and Sutro Baths. There
were no accidents or incidents worthy of
special mention during the day. The
Park Bend entertained visitors at that
resort the usual programme at the Chutes
furnished amusement for other thousands
and the aquatic contests were the feature
at. the baths. Following are tha results
of the contests at Sutro Baths: Fifty
yard dash— J. O'Kane won. F. Paine sec
ond. Underwater swimming contest— E.
Eaton won. H. Dixon second. Diving for
plates— E. Sundberg. first prize; E. Eaton,
second price. One hundred-yard dash,
amateur— J. F. O'Brien won. J. Lyons
second. Springboard diving — S. Doclson
first prize; S. Mitchell, second prize. High
diving for boys— H. D. Hand, first prize;
H. Martins, second prize.
rRAP AND LIVE BIRD
SHOOT AT 1NGLESIDE
The Dudes were very bad actors on their
own diamond yesterday morning. Eight
reeking errors and poor hitting made the
second game of the series an easy victory
for the Millers.
Stockton started the game with a cou
ple of runs and kept up the pace to the
linish. Borchers twirled for the Dudes
and he was not unsolvable for the swat
ters from Stockton, who rolled out ten
hits during the game. The errors of the
Dudes made the play so ragged that even
the Oakland contingent went away in su
preme disgust, muttering exercations at
their own team.
The Dudes tried behind the bat a new
man. Clark, who gave way to Hardie in
the first part of the game. Whalen pitch
ed a gooa game, the six hits made off his
delivery being scattered. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
[>rennan. c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 2
[jinpe, 3b S 0 0 0 3 1 1
UutchJnson, lb. S 0 1 0 12 0 1
=*ianrkd. h. * 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Uosktman. 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
M-rellanes. 2b 4 0 0 0 0 6 1
Held. r. f 4 1 1 0.4 0 0
Uorchers. p. 4 0 2 0 0 1 1
nark, c 0 0 0 0 2 0 J
ilardle, c. 4 0 10 3 2 0
Totals 33 1 6 0 27 13 "i
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McCarthy, 1. f 5 1 0 2 2 0 i
McGucken. c. f 5 1 0 0 3 0 0
Pace, c 4 8 2 1 8 o 0
Strelb, lb 4 1 1 3 U 0 0
lockhead, rb 4 0 2 2 110
Babbitt, s. s S 1 1 »4« i
Moore. Sb 5 0 0 13 4 1
Pyne. r. f 6 1 S000 0
IYhalen. p 4 12 2 0 10
Totals ii 9 10 U 27 13 ~l
morn: t g game.
itockton 9, Oakland 1
Stockton 0 400100000 0—5
Base hits 1 300211000 0-S
Oakland 0 010020200 1-6
Base hits 1 010110210 2—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper 4, Moskiman 1.
Two-baje hit— Str?Ib. Sacrifice hit— Borchers.
First base on errors— Stockton 2. Oakland 4.
First base on called balls— Stockton 1. Oakland
3 Left on bases— Stockton 5. Oakland 7. Struck
out— By Harper 4. by Moskiman 2. Hit by
pitcher— Moskiman. Ford. Double plays—
Strelb to Moore: Lockhead to Strelb. Passed
balls— Ford 1. Pace 1. Time of game— Two
hours and 10 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell. Ofn
clal scorer— J. \V. Stapleton.
Totals 37 6 9 4 33 16 4
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c f 5 0 2 0 5 0 0
Lanse, 3 b 5 1 2 2 1 3 0
y or d c 3 10 0 3 0 1
Francks, «. « 3 2 0 0 2 3 1
Moskiman. p 4 0 1 0 S 1 0
Airplanes. 2 b 5 0 10 3*1
Held. r. f 5 2 2 10 0 0
Bowman. 1. f 4 0 0 13 10
Borchere. 1 b 8 0 1 0 13 0 1
OAKLAND.
Totals 43 E 8 3 »29 13 5
•I^anre out for interfering. No one out when
winning run was made.
STOCKTON
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 5 x i 5 5 2 2
McGucken. C f S 0 2 0 1 0 0
P« r>* c 8 0 1 0 6 1 V
Ptrert). To :...5 0 10 8 2 0
Lnckhead. 2 b 4 1 0 0 2 4 2
Babbitt, B. s 5 0 2 2 3 2 1
Moore. 3 b 5 1 0 0 S 2 2
v. vne rf 5 1 0 1 1 1 0
HaWP * 110 0 10
This is how the jfame was finally won.
Held made an auspicious beginning by
petting a hit, but Bowman was soon put
under the sod. .Held clinging V> first.
Dorchers hit to Babbitt, v.ho thr^ badly
to Lockhoad, and Held was F<ife at third
and Uorchers at first. Drennan hit to
Babbitt, who held the ball as if In a daze.
Held scoring. This ended the game and
sent the crowd away gasping like real fa
natics. The score:
Six Novices Give Grood Performances,
Surprsing All by Their Fast
Biding.
The road racir.p season was opened yes
terday by the California Cycling Club,
¦with a tfn-mlle rv«>nt over the llifth -street
course from Frultvale to Haywards. The
race Btartcd promptly at 11 o'clock with
<ight naricrf at the tape. Of this num
her all but two finished. Thomas White.
the lone scratch man, had everything hia
own way. winning both first place and
making the fastest time. He put up a
Fp'.*-noid contest, but he had to ride tha
race of his life to win. as only the margin
of a. wheel's ler.ptti sej>axated him from
the bunch at the finlBh.
Tho chief surprise of th* race, aside
from White's double win was the fast
time made bj the^ noviws of tho club, who
had nevor tx-fore competed Sn a race, six
of them linlthine under twenty-seven ralrj-
Utff.
Tho following named officials had charp«
of the race; is tarter, Kobert W«-l*h; Um
«rs—It. A. Coulter. S. A. Bush and M.
"Wholan; scorers— J. Hongraard. J. Sklving-
ton and W. O'Brlen; judges— S. N. Hest,
J. M. Klelbcrg and Charles Dufosce.
FTollowlr.sr Is the linishins ord»r of th»
race:
THOMAS WHITE WINS THE
TEN-MILE ROAD EVENT
Winners of Last Year's Pennant
Make a Poor Display of
* Batting.
The Alameda cricket eleven met last
year's pennant winners on the ¦Webster
street grounds at Alamedayesterday and
defeated them by 32 runs. The California*
won the toss and pent the Alamedas to
the bat. dismissing them for tho small to
tal of i>S. The only Alameda batsmen who
made any stand were Hogue (2S), Saun
dors (15) and Ward Jr. (23). Forty-seven
runs were scored for the loss of the first
wicket, all the rest adding only 41 more.
Sloman bowled well for the CaJifornias,
capturing four wickets for 31 runa.
The Callfornlas were rapidly dismissed
by Bird and Croll, each of whom took five
wickets. A. Dlckenson. 15, and W. Reed,
10, were the only batsmen who obtained
double figures.
The results follow:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R. B. Hopue, c. Reeves, b. Guild 28
J. H. Saunders, c. Willis, b. Guild 15
H Ward Jr. c. Reeves, b. Sloman 23
B. Bird. c. WIHIb, b. Diekenson 3
P. E. McLean, 1. b. w., b. Sloman 0
F Croll. c. Brown, b. Dlckenson 7
G. J. RauKh. b. Sloman 1
F. Stahl. b. Sloman S
W. Rlchter, c. Brown, b. Dlckenson 0
H. w. Brown, not out
Extras . .«. S
Total 8S
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 47,
two for .53, three for 75, four for 77. five for 77,
six for So,* seven for SS. eight for 83.
SUMMARY OF BOWU.VO.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Dlckenson 84 K 2 3
Sloman 135 31 6 4
Guild 4S 19 0 2
Sloman bowled one wide.
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
E. O. Slorrmn, c. and b. Croll 9
A. Diekenson. b. Bird 15
J. Guild, c. Hogue. b. Bird 8
W*. Reevea, b. Bird 0
L. Schroeder. c. nub., b. Bird 2
J. Brown, c. Bauch, b. Bird 5
W Reed, c. Raunders, b. Croll 10
A. Willis, b'. Croll 2
J. Bird, c. Baugh. b. Croll 1
J. Turner, b. Croll 1
T. Smith, not out 1
Extras 4
Total C6
Runs ct the fall of each wicket— One for 24,
two for 30, three for 30. four for 31, five for 36.
six for 37, *even for 47, eight for 45, nine for
62. ten for 56.
SUMMARY OF BOWLJNO.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Ward Jr 54 17 1 0
F. Croll "1 23 2 5
B. Bird 36 13 1 5
Croll bowled two wides.
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB— SECOND IN
NING.
Croll, c. Sloman, b. Dlckenson 21
Bird. c. J. Bird, b. Dlckenson 9
Saunders, retired 30
Ward Jr., not out 42
Hsuth, not out 4
Hogue, did not bat
McLean, did not bat
Rtahl. did not bat
R'.chter, did not bat
Brown, did not bat ..
I-Jxtras 2
Total 103
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 10,
two for 37, three for 100.
SUMMARY OF BOWLINO.
Bowler-^ B. R. M. Vf.
Floman 42 47 0 0
Diekenson 6« SS 1 2
Guild 12 11 0 0
Reeves 12 10 0 0
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS
DEFEAT CALIFORNIAS
Most Remarkable Game of the Season
Played in. the American L.eague.
CHICAGO. July 22.— To-day's game was of a
sensational order, sixteen Innings, ending In a
tie. The Chieagos opened up on Hoffer and
took what seemed a wlnnlnpr lead. The visit
ors were unable to do much with Katoll until
the ninth, when a single and two doubles netted
two runs. The Chlcagos tleil the score in their
half, after which both sides *truRi?Ied for
seven innings without result, darkneua ending
the contest. Attendance S600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 IS S
Cleveland 5 12 4
Batteries— Katoll and Buckley; Hoffer and
Spies.
KANSAS CITT, July 22.— Kansas City, 2; In
dianapolis, 5.
MILWAUKEE, July 22.— Milwaukee, 6; Buf
falo. 7.
HKTROIT, July 22.— Detroit, 6; Minneap
olis, 4. _^__
PARIS. July 22. — The world's amatc-ur
championship conUsts in connection with
the Paris Exposition came to a conclu
sion to-day at the grounds of the racing
club In theBota de Boulogne. The weather
was c-joler lhaji it was last wwk, though
the sun shone brightly. Comparatively
few Americans atiendt.d, owing to the fact
thai only thrt-e or four of their cuuntry
racn were announced to compete in tho
ovents, for the must part handicaps, in
Which the- Americans had received too
srvcre treatment to umpt them to c-x
b&ust tbemaelve* (a running losing races.
Hix events were decided. The Americans
competed in three and won one, tneir only
success of tiie day.
The programme opened with the 100
meter hurule race. A. C Kraenzlein, Uni
versity ol" ivnnsyivania, being maae Hie
siratui man. As tne other Americana
who entered wore also puiitd back; all ue
dined to run. liau. a lii-nnau, with a -<>-
meter allowance, won. 1'ritcUard, with i>
meu?rs, was secona, mid Kimgrthoeter,
Frenchman, witn 11 meters, thiru. Time,
lfc l-i eeconds.
Americans Stand Out.
Three competitors Stripped for the shot
puiUng the Blx Americans who had en
tered, including KiChard Sheldon, New
York Athletic Club, who was the scratch
man. st&udln* out. Crettler. a Hungarian,
with two meters allowance, was lirst, with
11 incurs -OV2 centimeters; Bassett, a
Frenchman, with threv meters allowance,
being second, with 13 meters i*7 centime
ters. ami St. C'yr. a Frcnchmun. with
tiirte meters allowance, third, with 1
mMers C7 centimeters.
Thirty entries were received for tho 'A*)
meter hat race, which followed, but only
f-iyht went to the starting .post, two out
of ihirtet-ri Amrricajis alone ruiiiminp.
Two trials "resulted in William J. Holland,
University of Georgetown, and Walter B.
Tewksbury; University of Pennsylvania.
with 1'ritchard of the English team and
Rowley of New South Wales, qualifying:.
'1 i:o ttr.al heat ff:ivt_- America her only vic
tory of the day, and was the occasion of
a magnificent tussle bttwevn Tewksbury,
Pritchard and Rowley. All three left the
mark together and dashed up the track.
¦with lloliand close behind. At first PritCh
ard lod, but Tewksbury quickly pot
abreast of him and the two then ran neck
and nock to tho finish, Tewksbury beating
Pritchard on the tape by six inches. Row
ley was a good third. Time. 1-5 sec
ond?.
Tho 150>i meter? flat handicap brought
out a good field, seventeen starting Most
ot thtse were Krenchmen, George W.
Orton. University of Pennsylvania, beni^r
the solo representative of the United
States and the scratch man. lie had no
chance apainst his competitors, with their
bljr allowances. Duhv.-nr. German, with
IZ*i mrtrrs f^andicap. won: Christensen,
Dane, with &• meters handicap, brlns sec
ond, and Delivre, French, with TO meters
handicap, being third. Time, 3 minutes
r-0 4-5 seconds. Orton finisned In < min
utes 9 4-5 seconds.
Long the Scratch Man.
In the 400 meters, flat, handicap, ther?
were four trials. Maxwell K. Ixjng, N. V.
A. C. wai> the scratch man and did not
run, but Holland, with live meters al
lowance, and David C Hall. Brown Uni
versity, with seven motors, participated.
The lir^t trial heat was won by L<-mon
nier, French, with twenty-six meters al
lowance. Resrnlor, French with thirty
mrtrrs allowance, beinp ?ccond. KIppan,
Hunrarian. with thirty-five meters allow
ance, won the second heat, Mazaud,
French, with twenty-five meters allow
ance, being second. Holland was not
placed.
Wcrkmuller. German, with forty meters
aJlowaJice, won the third heat, Moullne't,
French, with thlrty-livr- zneu-rs allowance,
belns second. Hall won the fourth heat,
Sevc$troe. with thirty meters allowance,
being second.
¦i±. the final Hall ran pluckily. but failed
to overtakej-the blsr allowance men. Ho
finished fifth. Koppan was first, AVerk
muller second and lxmonnier third.
The la.«t event and the final contest of
the intern.wional sports, a team flat race
of &000 meters, was disputed by ESazUuid
and France. Each team consisted of live
picked runners, and the contest was de
cided by points calculated according to
the places outside at tne finish. Kngland
F<?eured ilrst, second sixth, seventh and
t»-nth places, totalling 2?, and France ob
tained third, fourth, fifth, eiphth and
ninth places, totalling 26. Thus England
won. Her two long distance runners. Hen
nett arid Kimmer, led from the outside.
Time, lo minutes ana 23 1-8 seconds.
The proceeding concluded with a dis
tribution of the priaws won to-day.
It is not often that so many riflemen
assemble on the Shell Mound range as
gathered thero yesterday. The number
of militiamen was much larger than usual.
Despite the fact that many of the local
target shots are out after the fleet-footed
dear the target branch of the sport was
well represented. These marksmen are
losing no opportunity for practice in prep
aration for the big National Schuetzen
bund tournament of next year. Captain
L. Slebe is also getting ready for that
event. Last Friday* he signed the con
tract with the local members of the bund
and set to work at once to put the range
in order. Partitions dividing the shooting
stands have been pulled out, tables and
gun racks constructed and targets being
put in order. This i3 only the preliminary
work. The big shooting shed will have
to be enlarged and everything generally
overhauled. Even with twelve months in
which to make preparations there is no
time to lose.
The wind and light conditions yesterday
were not of the best, although the day
was pleasant. Possibly this may account
for some of the .very poor scores made by
some of the military shots on the 300 and
500 yard ranges. In Justice to the rifle
men it must be said that long-range' prac
tice has been sadly neglected for several
years and when it comes to shooting in a
strong, uneven wind the marksmen were
at sea in the matter of shifting their
windgauges. Those shooting on the long
ranges competed for records, trophies and
honors bestowed by the State. In fact, it
was their first State shoot for 1U00. An
nexed are the scores made in five-shot
runs on the Blunt military target:
Company A. Fifth Infantry Regiment. 200
yards— Corporal Poulter 21, Sergeant Cron IS,
Hcrceant Talt 20, Corporal de Poy 16, S. W.
Smith 3, Lieutenant Ellis 18, W. J. Peterson 4,
A. J. Wilson 15. Sergeant Herman 17, Beck
with 20. Corporal Strong 11. Corporal King IS,
Weinlund 9. Slack 8, Laub 4, Corporal Taber
1», Corporal Peterson 20, Corporal York 6, E.
R. Donaldson 12, S. R. Sinclair 6, G. McLeod
IS, Lieutenant Hunt 20, F. W. Permein 6, L.
Morton 7, J. C. Wicker 14. H. Elli* IS. H. 1^.
Longfellow 8.
Company A, 300 yards— Donaldson 7, Premein
2. C. ll. Ellis 6, Major Poulter 7, Longfellow IS,
Hocktor 2, Harham 13. Strong 4, Burtchael 2,
Slack 5, Sergeant Cron S, Corporal Taber 10.
Keant Talt 17, Corporal Poulter 13. Corporal de
Poy 8, Lieutenant Ellis 14, Servant Herman
3. Peterson 10. Wilson IS, Captain E. G. Hunt
14, G. McLeod 14, Sergeant C. Poulter 17, O.
Schmidt 5. A. W. dray 16, L. Francis 16, Cor
poral Willard 15. Beckwlth 17. Corporal Strong
7, Corporal King 8, Lancaster 3, Orton 12.
Company A, 500 yard's— Corporal Petersen 13,
Corporal Poulter 10, Corporal De Poy 6, Ser
geant Wilson 6, Corporal Taber 4, Sergeant
Poulter 11 Gray 23, S. C. Francis- 5, Corporal
WlllarJ 14, Corporal Beckwlth 19, Corpora:
Ptone 2 Corporal Kins 17, Lancaster IS, Orton
13, Sergeant Ellis 10, Permein 3, Captain Hunt
15. Longfellow IS.
Company G, Fifth Regiment, 200 yards, five
shots— J. H. Matthles 12, E. W. Anderson IS,
W. H. Follrath 19, Serjceant Harvey S, I. L
Iialley H. P. Bour&uiftnon 10, P. J. 'Doyle 14. F.
Stowell 14. Sergeant L. W. Schroeder 17. C. F.
Wessell 1j F. J. Carroll 15, S. A. Hassen 10.
E Parker 17. F. E. Fort 8, C. A. Follrath 15,
W. H. Blake 16, G. W. Comfort 7, R. Me-
Connell It
Company G, 600 yards— Bourguignon 2. J.
Dunlap 11. J. Parker 5, Matthles 9, Anderson
12, C. F. Weasel 7, S. A. Hassey 2. Cannon l'.«,
F. E. Fort 5, Sergeant Harvey 17, I. L. Bailey
S, Doyle 4.
Company L of the First Infantry Regi
ment held Its first company shoot and the
attendance was good. This organization
has in its ranks material for some fine
shots, but practice is necessary. The
scores made yesterday were on ten-shot
runs on the Blunt military Uirget and
are as follows:
Lieutenant A. C. Adler 19. Sergeant T. A.
Marlow 10, Sergeant J. C. Klesow 15. Corporal
E. H. Sengstack 33. Corporal G. H. Kavner 10,
Corporal W. A. Lewis 10. Corporal H. G. Stindt
31 A. Meyer 24. A. C. Cunningham 12, C.
Wehr 12, A. Brown 31, A. Buhler 9. L. M. Key
13 \V T. Reardon 23, C. E. Darby Z6 K E. Fen
ton 23. W. B. Porter 22. M. Gans 22. D.
Rogers 21.
There were twenty cash prizes offered
for competition by the San Francisco
Schuetzen Club and the first prize fell to
tho lot of F. P. Schuster for the best
center as shown by the measuring ma
chine. The winners', their points and
prizes are here given:
First prize, F. P. Schuster. 260: second. U.
Finking. 273: third, A. Zecher. 283; fourth, F.
Koch. 335; fifth. A. Mocker, 516; sixth, J. D.
Helse, 682; seventh. Captain F. Attlnger. 660:
eighth, F. C. Rust, 677; ninth. R. Stettin, 6j2;
tenth. L. Bendel, 835; eleventh. J. Lankenau,
1013- twelfth. J. de Wit, 1080: thirteenth, D. B.
Faktcr, 1117: fourteenth. G. H. Bahrs, 1229; fif
teenth, H. Huber. 1263; sixteenth. Captain J.
Thode. 1334; seventeenth, A. Lematre, 1333;
eighteenth, O. Burmelster, 1374; nineteenth. D.
Salfleld. 1465; twentieth, J. C Waller, 1476.
There were two happy men among the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club riflemen,
for by being high In their respective
classes they carried off the prizes which
become their property permanently. One
was C. F. Kust. winner of the first class
medal, and the other August Schultz. win
ner of the second class medal. The 20
shot scores made on the 25-ring target are
as follows:
First champion class— F. P. Schuster, 432
rings. Second champion class— Not filled. First
class— C. F. Rust. 40>> (final). Second class—
G. Schultz, 391 (final). Third class— Aueust
Hohmann, 3GS. Fourth class — John Woebcke.
321. Best first shot— L. Brune. 25. Best last
shot— O. I^emcke, 24.
There was a good attendance at the
monthly bullseye shoot for cash prizes
given by the Germania Schuetzen Club.
The measuring machine showed that D.
B. Faktor had the best center, and he
took the first money. Annexed are the
winners in their order:
First D. B. Faktor, 190 points; second, D.
Palfleld. 150; third, F. P. Schuster. 399; fourth.
John Thode. $45; fifth. L Bendel. 845: sixth. G.
II. Bahrs, 855; seventh. It. Stettin, fia; eighth,
J. Gefken. S61; ninth. F. Rust. 1040: tenth. H.
Huber, 112S: eleventh, -A. Jungblut, 1214;
twelfth, J. F. Bridges. 1223.
Members of the Red Men's ''Schuetzen
Company held class medal and bullseye
shooting for cash prizes. In the former
the conditions were twenty shots on the
25-ring target. Following aro those high
In their classes and the scores:"
Champion class— William Dressier, 403 rings.
First class— C. Stein, 3oO. Second class— J. A.
Mohr. 306. Third class— John Steiner, 2S6.
Fourth class— D. Tampke, 229. Best first shot—
D. Tampke, 24. Best last ahoft 23.
In the bullseye shoot John Steines won
the medal offered by Captain Siebe. mak
ing the. best center; second, William
Kreutzkamm; third, D. D. Tampke;
fourth, C. Stein and J. A. Mohr.
The shooting stands of the Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club were, filled all day
and the markers and scorers were kept
busy. Quite a number of visitors wero
present and among those who enjoyed the
hospitality of the club at practice were C.
E. Singley. David Melroy and Ed Hovey.
Three or four of the members elected at
the last meeting were on hand to try out
their firearms. The best shooting 1 was on
the rifle range, the scores all being above
the average. Annexed are the results of
the competition in the several matches:
Rifle, 205 yards, ten shot scores. 23-rlnR tar
get. Bushnell trophy match— F. E. Mason, 220
22S rln«rs: D. W. McLauchlin, 226. 21S.
First class trophy— C. M. Henderson, 201. 201;
A. B. Dorrel!. 220. 225.
Second class trophy— J. Kulhmann, 195, Jii;
G. Tammeyer. ;io. 197.
Gold medals— D. W. McLaughlln, 226; F. E
Mason. 227; A. B. Dorrell. 215; C. M. Hender
son. 237. 209. 202.
Silver medals— B. Jonaa, 193. 201: J. P.
Brldses. 1SS, 1?7.
Pistol. 50 yards, ten shot scores. Standard
American target, all-comers' champion tro
phies—J. K» Gorman, 95. 90; M. J. White. 92.
All-comers' revolver trophies— M. J. White. S3.
KING ALEXANDER TO WED.
¦ BELGRADE, July 22.— King Alexander
of Servla has proclaimed his betrothal to
Mme. Draga Maschln, a widow, who was
formerly a lady in waiting to Queen
Nathalie, the Kinc'a mother.
Whether or not "Walter K. the remark
ably fast hooplegsed pacer is a "ringer
still remains a mystery. That he Is on«»
of the greatest candidates ever entered .n
the 21S class events throughout the Cali
fornia circuit Is past all argument. When
'he came home from the half in l:<m 3 ii:
his winning race at Vallejo last week,
over a flow track and compelled to make
a. detour around his field, he opened th*
eyes of the harness folks. For the time
being he is still the Alabama wonder.
If the son of Huppy Pilot la racing
under a wrong pedigree, his driver ajui
part owner. W* H. Brown, is undoubtedly
innocent of anything pertaining to*rook
edness. Circumstances would bear out
?his as-ertion. When the horse of the
lateral gait started at Santa Rosa. defeat-
Ins I Direct and others. hi 3 driver. w«
a horse phrase, was "strapped, beins
S>mJ"led P to borrow & Thomas Murphj.
Lursed for nts work but lieinsman Brown
said he could not afford to go in debt, and
&S&&&SSSS. Mr. Brown said
when at Santa Kosa. severaJ speculators
?ame to him. asking his opinion^ of th«
horse, and signifying a *"¦"**"<?>£ ft'
a bet down if he said the word, at tne
Lme time promising to cut the wager a
half. He informed these men that h.*
horse could probably step a mile^ m 2.1>.
but gave no further encouragement .and
received no remuneration from outsi&e
persons. Walter paced a mile a imo= .
easily in 2:08 in the same race. If It was
the "intention of the owners of thU
"stranger" to "ring him. why did tney
rot bring a hank roll along, and how
is it they would not chance letting spec
•wlleT tTavel a mile in 2:08 with very
little flour in the harrel at home. 9. W1J
son. pa*- owner of the horse and the one
who prepared him for the Sanui Rosa
race, is now at Spokane Falls called
away on account of sickness in ma lam
v\Vh«n the entry of Walter K was pro
tested at Vallejo his driver felt aggrieved
and tried to distance the entire held. It
was a close call, in the last heat King
Cadenza being the only one to finish inside
the Hag. After that race Driver Brown
said he would do all in his power to
straighten the matter out. He offered no
objection to camera nend's "shooting the
horse, seemingly confident all will end
well. He also told Secretary Kelly he
would immediately write to Mr. Flack,
from whom he purchased the horse a.t
Meridian. Miss., in October. 1S99. for al
particulars. In a race at that place %v al
ter K threw his driver from the bike.
Dlainlv showing the thoroughbred strain
jn his* veins, and Brown, picking up the
ribbons, landed the purse with him. His
unruly actions may have caused Owner
Flack jto part with the horsa at so low a
Johnny Humphrey, who had the betting
privilege at Vallejo, quit the meeting
about $1500 to the good. On Saturday, tho
closing day, two or three breaks put
Johnny on velvet after several uncertain,
innings.
The Colusa meeting will open to-mor
row. Most of the stables racing at Val
lejo were shipped to that place. Zick.
Abrama has the betting privileges.
Galen Brown, th* well-known owner
and trainer, recently received a letter
from "Boots" Durnell, now Quartered at
the Newmarket course. England. "Boots"
says Geyser and Golden Rule of the Co»
rlgan stable were very sick on the Journay
acrosa the Atlantic and are not ready even
now to start. He makes no mention of
Corrigan having been Introduced to the
Queen or of "Bib E>V being chummy with
the Prince of Wales, and intimates the
grass is not near so green as at Haw
thorne and Tanforan.
The projected race meeting In Montana
has been declared off. The strings of
••Billy" Randall, frank McMahon and
Morton & McArthur arrived at Ingleside
last Wednesday from Denver. Corolla
was taken sick en route and left off at
Ogden. . v
Epecial Di*|.atch to Th* Call.
TALL BUREAU. CAMP O'HYAN,
SANTA CUCZ, July "22.~ IVotty eyes
i.j.-im with tears vrert oast longingly
at the train which boro the Kirst Kpk'
ment. League of the Cross Cadets, from
this ciiy this afternoon. The cadeis
linif-bcd tiwir week's cucinnpnient and de
l>arlr<i. K-iivinK behind them the hearts
U:«-y liitti vv.,11 .luring; iSicir smy In tne cKy
by tl<<' sea. They were jiist as »orry lo
|e*rc the Held ot their many conquests
i,> vera Uioir feminine friends to ece mem
fourteen fars mad*' up the long: trai«
which carried the re-Rliaent aim tneir
trienda lo San Francisco.
Ttte'i*!"l 0M.J on \tit- icnled field was re
plete with in. •: ior.i. The tfUrrniK call of
iv.oil'f nn.i'.M'ti the caiirts fruin their
slumber*, and within a tew minutes the
cixmi> wax lull <:i Ufa «»<i activity. It was
¦with reludanca that the members of the
band left iheir warm b«>d» of niraw lo
]!.:\- the national anthem Rt the flas
raising.
\f:.r V>r<*akf:is?t the boys began to pre
pare for tiifir departure. ljocoratlous
\v«?ro lakin down, blanket* rolled anil
luggage wa? stored away in boxes. Tn..
cerexaony of j?uard mount was dispensed
with, and th«> cadets wlv. wore to do duty
mere simi'ly poxtt-d by Captain L.. A. Mc-
C'rv^tle. ill* <>Cic«r oi the day. Church
call ««** >..urid«»<i by tho buglers and tne
cadets placed iheowdvcai In readiness to
attend the 9 o'clock mass, which was
cHebrated in H«l> Crust Church. Colonel
Powers marched his command to the
*a<-r<»«1 f>Hv.<f. where the members of tho
regiment participated m the solemn ser
vices. Itev. Father McNaraee, pastor of
the church, preached a sermon ap-
T.r.>priat«- tu ih<- occasion. On returning
from church preparations for Icavins
were coia; !:;<o. kunchenn was served
at n o'clock and the hungry cadet? did
full justicf to tho'.r last meal in camp.
Th<» boys as u«=ual carrUd away tin cups
and piiiM, knives, forks and spoonfl as
k wvenirs. and thes? w«.re atllxeti to their
hats and blouses. At 1 o'clock tho buglers
blew the "general." end the cadets sJn«.<l
bv to Ftrike thoir canvas homes. Five
nilnutes later ihc cannon boomed the BtfC
nal t'> drop tent?, and before the echo of
th.> »*un had died avray every tent was
lyin(f .>n tho ground. Am tho tents fell
away from the colors tho larre numbc-r
,f spectator* vrho watched the pretty
con mony loudly applauded its execution,
press parade followed. At the conclusion
<>;" the par.uie tho \\nye curried their light
baj$Kaff« to the train. Kach company was
afsjrr.od to a. car. Sentries were posted
at each d<>or and no one was permitted
To leave the train durln? the lone Journey.
Tl.ls precaution was taken by Colonel
3'ower to avoid accidents.
Crowd Assembles at the
Depot to Bid Them
Farewell
Walter B. Tewksbury of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania Wins the
Two Hundred Meters Flat
Race.
But Few Americans Com
pete in the Events, Ow
ing to Handicaps. <
The running was far from being easy
for the favorites in the finals of the open
stake yesterday at Union Coursing Park,
and many, of the well-liked hounds, were
put out of the game in goes where the
talent reckoned it a shame to take the
money. From start to finish the coursing
was of the hard variety, which makes the
naming of the winner an uncertainty un
til the last point is scored. "
The first course on the card was be
tween Hawker and Maud S and was voted
easy pickings for Curtis & Sons 1 fust one.
Hawker had few followers who would risk
a chance on him even with the tempting
odds of 7 to 1 apainst him.
It was a pretty race, the dogs running
neck and neck from the slips to the game.
Hawker when near the hare drove out tor
the turn, got the kill and beat Maud S
pointless.
Hawker's plory was short lived, how
ever. In the third round he was beaten by
Twin City Girl, who though winning , tne
hardest kind of a course from Wait a Bit
in the previous round, plainly showed thai
Hawker was not in her class.
Lily of the West made a merited win
from May Mempstead, the talent's choice,
but in the next round failed to score a
point against Royal Flush.
Rural Artist showed all kinds of speed,
but was handicapped by severe work. In
his first go he beat Belle Claire pointless,
scoring 14 to hi3 credit. Belle showed in
great form on Saturday, but against the
Pasha Kennel's entry there was nothing
to it. Against St. Michael in the third
round the Artist got the flag in a heart
breaking course that settled his cbaiicc
In the stake. He piled up 22 points, IS of
which were made before his opponent tal
lied.
Mayflower made a clean score against
Tea Rose and kept up the winning gait
until she landed the stake from Royal
Flush. Nothing could stop her.
Rosie Claire went out to her without
scoring, and Controller had his measure
taken after an undecided. The talent
fancied Sir Pasha in the next round and
made him a 4 to 1 favorite, but Mayflower
was there at the finish with a 7-3 score.
In the final Royal Flush ran a poor sec
ond, Mayflower getting the decision after
a long course in which she led and out
worked McComb's popular black one,
scoring 14 to his 5. Flush was a 5 to 2
favorite. Royal Union did excellent work
in the stake, beating Rest Assured. For
Glory and Miss Penman. He finally went
out to Crawford Bn*;s in the fifth round
after an undecided. In this go Union got
a bad fall and before he\ could Join In
again Braes got the flag, but was with
drawn in the next round on account of
the severe work.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, second round— Kay Bros." Hawk
er beat Curtis & Son's Maud S, 3—O: S. Han
tiy's Twin City Girl beat George Sharman's
Wait-a-Bit, IS— S; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush
brat J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory. 3—2: F.
A- McComb's s?ir Pasha beat M. Dunlea's Krln.
6 >.; E L). Fallon's Lily of the West beat Pa
sha Kennels' May Hempstead. 5—3: P. J.
Rellly's -The Grafter beat Pasha Kennels"
Royal Anne, 4—0; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
beat T J. Cronin's Thornhill. T— 1; Pasha Ken
nels' IJural Artist beat Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Belle Claire. 14—0; J. R. Smith's Jennie
Wilson beat R. L- Taylor's Mose, 8— 6; H.
Lynch's Lottie M beat R. E. de R Lopez's
Sara 3—0; Curtis & Son's Vulcan beat J. H.
Perici's Bone 4—3: R. K. de B. Lopez's Wan
da bfct A. Johnson's Bald Ea«r!e. 10—2; Rus
sell Allen & Wilson's Rosle Claire beat R. K.
do B. Lopez's Pepita, 4—0: J. Sutton's May
flower beat T Tearney's Tea Rose. S-fl: Erwin
& Lyons' Silver Wings beat O. N'ethercotfs
Floodgate. 3—0; J. H. Per'.*o's Controller beat
K M KelloRK's Ben's Babe, S— 3: J. Byrnes'
Battleship beat D. Winders' Random Aim,
10—1: Captain Cane's Miss Penman beat R. P.
Julian's Sweet Music. 4—3; Sterl & Knowlea'
For Glory beat J. Carroll's Auckland. 7 — I: P.
J Rellly's Royal Union beat Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured 3—0: H. A. Deokelman's Snap
shot beat E. M. KellopR's Kid McCoy, 13-11;
C B. Charles worth's Crawford Braes beat J.
Maher's Swedish. 10— i. ' - '
Third round— Hawker beat Twin City Girt.
13—3- Rtyal Flush beat Lily of the West. »— 0;
Sir Pasha beat The Grafter. 4—3: Rural Artist
beat St. Michael. 22-7; Lottie M beat Jennie
Wilson. S— 4; Vulcan beat Wanda. 3—2: May
flower beat Rosle Claire. 6—0; Controller beat
Silver Wings. 4—0: Miss Penman beat Battle
ship S— *); Royal Union beat For Glory, ?— 3;
Crawford nraes beat Snapshot. 3—2.
Fourth round— Royal Flush beat Twin City
G( r j 12 0- Sir Pasha beat Rural Artist. 5 — 0;
Vulcan beat Lottie M, *-3: Mayflower beat
Controller 3—2: Rovnl Union beat Miss Pen
man. 5-2:' Crawford Rraes a bye.
Fifth round— Royal FlusH beat Vulcan. «— 5:
Mayflower beat Sir Payha. 7—3.
Mxth round — Crawford Braes withdrawn.
Deciding round— Mayflower beat Royal Flash,
14-5.
Well Matched Dogs Do 1 Good Cours
ing in the Open Stake — Short
Ends Make a Few
Upsets.
Beats Royal Flush in the
Deciding Round at
Union Park,
MAYFLOWER SETS
A WINNING PACE
TO THE FINISH
Eefused to Allow Bettors to Specu
late on the Horse at Santa
Rosa, Witli Nothing
to Lose.
Confident He Can Establish
the Identity of His
Fast Pacer.
DRIVER BROWN
SAYS WALTER K
IS NO "RINGER"
Expert Target Shots Compete for
Cash Prizes;— Several Medals
Finally Won — Interest in
Sport Increasing.
Companies of Militiamen
Hold Their Stale Contest
for Records. "
BULLETS FLEW
INCESSANTLY AT
SHELL MOUND
LEAGUE CADETS
STRIKE TEST AT
HIP O'RYAN
prounds into a snappy, close and exciting
match, necessitating two extra innings
before a decision could be reached. In
the second inning- Moskiman was found
l»y tbe Millers for a bunch of hits which,
conjoined with fulsome errors, pave
Stockton a heavy lead of four runs. After
this Moskiman settled, pitching stronger
and stronger ball as the game progressed.
Harper, who was on the slab for the Mill
ers, weakened at last and the Dudes took
their only victory of the series.
It was In the eighth inning that the
Dudes reached a baseball measure and
tied the score. For the next three innlnga
the game was as clean cut as a diamond.
Oakland played two tyros, Bowman and
Fonl, neither of whom displayed ajiy
signs of extraordinary ability with the
sttck or in their respective positions, but
they are the kind that develop well.
Stockton bexan swatting in the -.second
InninK and before the Millers were sent
to the field Moskiman was punched three
times and four men were sent over the
plate. Loekhe.nd Jopged to nrst, reaching
the middle bafc on Babbitt's hit to Arrel
lanes and advancing a base on Moore's
hit to Francks, who forced Babbitt out
at second. lx>ckhoad scored on Harper's
lift and Moore on Pyne's. Then came a
lilt by MoGucken, Pyne and Harper cross
ing the plate. This was all that happened
in the way of runs during the inning.
The third brought a run for the Dudes.
Held took Ilrst on a hit. stole second and
on Lockhead's error of Bowman's hit
went to third, scoring on a bunt by Borch
ers.
Stockton nut another stroke on the score
In the fifth. McCarthy earned the first
bag 1 , went to second on McGucken's out
and third on Pace's hit. scoring on a wild
throw of Ford to Lange.
In the sixth Oakland brought the score
up to 3 to 5. Ford took the ball on the
llo:itinj? ribs, going to second on Moore's
error of Franck's hit. A pretty single to
center by Mosklman scored Ford and sent
Francks to third. Then Arrellants hit to
Lockhead; who caught Moskiman going
to second, and doubled Arrellanes at tirst,
but Francks scored on the play. Held
flew out.
The eighth was the Inning for the Dudes
and bv it they ti<d the score. Lango
drove a nice one over to second and was
safo at the first bag. Two pretty steals
landed him on third. Held fanned the air
throe times and went out, but
I-nnge scored on the play. A hit by Ar
rellanes scored Francks, and when Ar
rellanes fell to grabbing the bags on
Moore's bad throw of Held's hit to Stretb
it looked for a moment as if Oakland
would add the winning run. But Arrel-
Iane3 was too gay and perished at the
plate.
In the ninth Stockton went out In one.
two, three order. Then came Oakland's
turn. Bowman reached first on Lock
head's error and second on Borchers' sac
rifice. Borchers deliberately sent Drennan
to first on balls for the j>ossible chance of
a double play, but the double never came.
Lange then rolled out the ball to right,
making second, but Bowman died at the
plate on the throw in. Ford's out put
an extra inning to the jrajne.
The tenth opened with Pace up. He
died, Arrellanes and Borchers in the play.
Streib th^n flew to Drennan. Lockhead
couldn't see the ball and Stockton went
to the field. Francks 6tarted for the
Dudes but nothing came of it but death,
McCarthy in left field being responsible.
Mnsktman retired on a foul fly to Moore
and Arrellanes then picked his tombstone
in left field.
The eleventh began with Babbitt s death
and Moore was also put under earth.
Pyne flew to Bowman, and it was Oak
land's turn ngaAn.
Palpitating, Exciting Baseball at
Recreation Grounds — A Good
Race After a Very Bad
Start.
— »
Oakland 6, Stockton 5.
What promised to be a dull, listless,
ragged ball game was suddenly trans
formed yesterday afternoon at. Recreation
Dudes Win a Single Game
in the Series With
the Millers.
ELEVEN INNINGS
OF BALL PLAYED
BY TAIL-EHDERS
CHAMPIONSHIP
CONTESTS CLOSE
AT EXPOSITION
SIXTEEN INNINGS AT CHICAGO.
— Dennie. First base on errors— Sacramento 1.
San Francisco 1. First bane on balls—Sacra
mento 3, San Francisco 1. Left on bases — Sac
ramento 6, San Francisco 4. Struck out — By
Doyle 4, by Iburg- 5. Stolen basest Oevereaux,
Brockhoff, Stulz. Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of
game— 1 hour and 65 minutes. Umpire—Dona
hue. Scorer— G. A. Griffin.
Runs responsible for — Doyle 1. Iburg 1 7. Two
base hits— llildebrand (2), Doyle. Sacrifice hit
Totals 33 4 4 6 27 10 3
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ....1 0 10 0 0 0 7 1 — 10
Base hits 2 12 10 12 5 1— 13
San Francisco 0 01000030—4
Base hits 0 21000010—4
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. TB. PO. A. E.
rtrockhofT. c. f 4 2 0 0 6 0 0
HildPbrnn.l. 1. t 4 1 2 4 0 1 1
l'alist. lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 115 2 1
Knell, 2 b...... 4 0 114 10
KriiR, ss /. 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Ilotlly, 3b 4 0 0 0 13 1
Fltzpatrlck, r. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Iburg, p 2 10 0 0 10
AB. n. BH. TB. rO. A. E.
MeLaushlln. 1. f 4 2 112 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 1 «1 1 1 0 0 0
Eagah, ss. & 3b 5 11 1 1 2 0
Hughes, r. t. & c. f.. 5 1 4 4 4 0 0
ll.-uilon, lb & sa 5 0 0 0 2 8 2
Ktunley, c 5 2 3 3 7 0 0
Doyle, p 6 13 4 2 10
Shaiiahan, c. f. & lb 4 1 0 0 9 0 0
?tulz, 2b 5 12 2 0 0 0
Dennle, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 42 10 15 16 27 9 *
SAN FRANCISCO.
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, July 22.— Iburg And
Doyle were again pitted against each
other in to-day's game between Sacra
mento and San Francisco, in which the
former team won. Up to the eighth
inning the game was close and uncertain,
th<? score standing 2 to 1 In favx>r of Sac
ramento. In the eighth Iburg tired and
five hits, netting seven runs, were made
off his delivery. Score:
Iburg and Doyle Are the Pitchers
and Capitol Citys Win Easily.
Sacramento 10, San Francisco 4.
GAME AT SACRAMENTO.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 2 12201100—9
Base hits 1 112 0 12 1 1—10
Oakland 0 00010000—1
Base hits 0 10120200—6
SUMMARY. v
Runs responsible for— Borchere 3. <. Thre«-base
hit— Pace. Two-base hits— Held, Pyne. First
base on errors— Oakland 2, Stockton 6. First
base on called balls— Oakland 1, Stockton 4. I^'t
on bases— Oakland 6, Stockton 11. Struck out—
By Borchers 5. Hit by pitcher — Hutchlnson.
Double play— Babbitt to Strelb. Passed balls—
Clark 1. Hardie 2. Wild pitch— Borchers. Time
of game— 1:50. Umpire— O'Connell. Official
Scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
I - .
THE SAJV FRANCISCO CALL, MOJSJDAr, JVL,Y 23, 1UOO.
taken by the Board of Trustees to-mor
row night on an ordinance submitted by
Mayor Clark providing lor tne licensing
of nickel-in-ihe-flot machines. The Major
says he is moved to Uils course by the
stories which had gained circulation that
a corruption fund was being raised each
nunth among machine owners and rent
ers for the purpose of securing freedom
from official interference. He says that
when he took office List February he notl
tiod the machine owners and renters that
they need not raise any more money.
Since that time there have been no ar
resta and no police Interference,- Chief Sul
livan explaining this circumstance by tho
etatcmeui ttiat It is impossible to secure
juries to convict and further that Mayor
tMurk had informed him that he had a
license ordinance In preparation. On the
other hand, tho fnro dealers and others
whose games were closed down on Mayor
Chirks Order are asking why it Is that
the machines, which are equally subject
to the Sttite law. should have been allowed
to run unmolested.
It is probable that the Board of Trustees
will decline to-morrow nieht to pass the
license ordinance, and in that event there
will bo nothing left for Mayor Clark but
to . nforce his anti-gamblinK order as vig
orously against the slot machines as
acainst faro and other Inhibited games.
The expected refusal of the Trustees to
pass the ordinance will be based upon
the fear of prosecution for felony. Cor
poration Counsel J. B. Devlne under
Mayor land's administration having ad
vi?ed the board a year ago that the slot
machines were clearly a banking game
and prohibited by the statute, and that
the bnard could not license them any more
than !t could license faro or other Illegal
games.
6
The annual day and moonlight picnic
of Branches 1. 2 and 3 of the Danish So
ciety. Dania, was held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park and nearly all of tho Danish
colony of both sides of the bay wer* In
nttemlance. While dancing was the prin
cipal amusement there was • no end of
ether kinds of fun. In the afternoon
thf:*e enjoying raelnp assembled In the
amphitheater to witness and participate
In the tests of speed for prizes. There
were thirteen of these events and from
three- to four prizes In each. Cash prizes
were jrlven for bowling also. It was late
at nlyht before the patherinK broke up.
The success of the affair was due to the
efforts of the following committees:
Arrangements— Peter Lund» foreman: P.
S. Lund, treasurer: II. I... Halvcr*=en. sec
retary: V. Koenlg. A. Nlssen. A. Poulsen,
C- Nielsen. S. Peter?en and Mr. Holm-
Floor— James Sorensen. manager; C.
Tacker. assistant: O. Poulsen. C. J. Jen
sen. C. Laurttxen. T. Jensen. C. M. Beck.
L. Gortz. S. Nielsen. A. Thomsen. H. P.
N!elsen, F. Brett, O. rrahl, JL Christen
sesu
Expressions of Regret in the City by
the Sea at the Departure of the
Boys 'Who Hade Many
friends.
KAME.
Start.
Time.
.!
1 Srratc
»
15:24
..1 i-nft
;o:.4
2i:5i
i:<::t
. 1 1 1 1 II 8:<W
1:00
2T:;6
r«:41
:4S
S6:4J
n-4i
ss-.n
l.i<t
2S:49
*:2
ti.i.«
Z7>7
Sl:tS
KAME.
Start.
Time.
.!
1 Srratc
»
15:24
..1 i-nft
;o:.4
2i:5i
i:<::t
. 1 1 1 1 II 8:<W
1:00
2T:;6
r«:41
:4S
S6:4J
n-4i
ss-.n
l.i<t
2S:49
*:2
ti.i.«
Z7>7
Sl:tSJudge Robert P. Trippe IKes.
ATLANTA. Ga.. July 22.— Judge Robert
Pleasant Trippe, believed to be the last
surviving member, of the Confederate
Congress and at one time a Judge of the
Supreme Court of Georgia, died here to
night-
BERKELEY. July 22.— Howard ArnoM
Springer, a student of the Berkeley hljrli
achool. died this morning- at the home of
his father. 3. O. Springer, at 1S10 Louish
street. The young man was IS years tjf
age. Funeral services will be held WeJ
nesday morning from the home. The re
mains will be cremated in "the Odd Fei
lows' crematory in San Franciscgt
Death of a High School Student.
TOOK MORPHINE.
ing Man, Ends His Life.
Joe Greenwald, a "Well-Known
SEATTLE, Wash., July 22.— Joe Green
wald, a sporting man, well known all over
the Pacific Coast, died here to-day from
morphine taken with suicidal intent.. His
people are well-to-do Callfornians, living
near Eureka.
SACRAMENTO'S GAIN.
I
Assessment Boll Is Much Higher
Than That of Last Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. July 22.-Conslderable
satisfaction is gained by the citizens at
Sacramento from the fact that the county
assessment roll shows that the county of
Sacramento to-day is a full $1,500,000
higher than it was a year ago. The in
teresting feature of this statement is that
the roll is one upon which, every dollar
may be collected and Is. not even in the
remotest particular inflated. The assess
ment roll foots up in round numbers $33 -
000,000. An increase in the city of Sacra
mento is noticed of 5300,000 in personal
property alone, due principally to the In
creased valuation of the business of the
big firms and corporations.
County Assessor Berkey figures that
the gain will result in a decrease of the
tax rate of 20 cents on each $100 valuation
from last year's tax. This should give a
State and county tax rate for property
within the city limits of $1 40 on the $100
and for property In the county outside the
city limits of SI 50 on the $100. The delin
quent tax list this year was so small aa
scarcely to justify the newspaper . charge
for advertising- it, and these evidences of
prosperity are matters for general con
gratulation here.
views. But hl3 unwise course at the be
ginning of his Incumbency rendered it Im
possible for him to play the pacific part
which he later undertook, and he finally
fled in all haste to secure his own safety
from the territory which he was incom
petent to govern.
Geary of Pennsylvania followed In Sep
tember, 1S5G. He had been chosen no Ies3
for his great executive gifts than for his
Democratic sympathies.
The presidential campaign was at Its
height when Governor Geary reached
Kansas, and" he saw that Kansas must be
pacified with all speed or the Democratic
party was doomed. He declared to the
Missouriana that one more of their raids
would defeat Buchanan. So determined
and so skillful were the governor's meas
ures that a short lived Quiet did settle
over the territory in course of a few
weeks, and had Geary been honestly sup
ported by the federal administration lie
would no doubt have succeeded In estab
lishing Justice and order In Kansas. But
he too. soon leaned too plainly toward
Che free state party and. losing favor at
Washington, he was forced to resign.
Robert J. Walker of Mississippi was
the fourth Governor of Kansas. By tha
time of his appointment, in the spring of
1S57, the hope of making Kansas a slave
Stat« had been abandoned as futile, and
all administration energies were to be
concentrated upon the effort to make a
Democratic state. It was for this pur
pose that a man eminent and «perlenct'<l
In party tactics was chosen for a position
so inierlor. Governor Walker proved an
exceli-nt official, winning the confidence
of th& free state settlers and inducing
them to take part for the first time. In
October. 1S57, in the election for the terri
torial legislature. But the high handed
proceeding of the pro-slavery party n
respect to the Lecompton constitution
drove Governor Walker also Into ;he
ranks of their opponents. He could not
countenance the iniquity upon whiofc
President Buchanan was determined, of
forcing the Lecoiapton constitution upon
the free state population of Kansas, and,
yielding to the Piesldenfs wishes, he
took himself out of the way. Even hla
territorial secretary,- Stanton, who ,<vas
left as acting Governor whea Walker
OAKLAND. July 22.— The opening of the
season for deer has been inauspicious so
far as the hunters' luck in the Livermore
Mountains is concerned. Scarcity of
water has kept the forest denizens out of
the lower ranees. Nimrods report little
success Unless they shall work their
way far Into the high peaks, deer bunt-
Ing will not pan out well this season In
that favorite territory of local huntsmen.
Among those who have made hits so far
are' James Barker, who brought down a
fat buck on the Hayes Range.
Constable Fitzgerald and W. H. Harvey
of Livermore killed one deer at Families.
George Taylor. Van Xess Taylor. Xortnan
McL*>od and A. C. McLeod have gone to
the Buckeye Gun Club's preserves for a
week of hunting. William Schluter's party
shot a small deer in the Hayes Range.
DEER HUNTERS HAVE
INDIFFERENT SUCCESS
ATTACKED BY CATS
WHILE SLEEPING
0AKLAXD, July 22. — To be at
tacked while sleeping peace
fully in bed by three ugly
fighting cats was the unusual
experience of Mr. and Mrs. "W.
Waltz at their residence in Tesla
last evening. Both were badly bit
ten and scratched by the trio of fe
line intruders before "Waltz was
awakened suffciently to drive off the
nocturnal prowlers, who had mean
dered into the chamber through an
open window. The experience pros
trated Mrs. Waltz, who was badly
frightened as well as physically In
jured by the attack.
The couple had retired early, and
because of the warm weather al
lowed a window In their bedroom
to rnmain wide open. During the
night the three cats clambered
through the window and engaged In
a terrific fight on the counterpane
of the Waltz bed. During the bat
tle the sleepers were aroused by the
biting, scratching and caterwauling
creatures, who in addition to fight
ing among themselves attacked the
other occupants of the apartment.
After beating off the sleep-disturb
ers Waltz and his wife dressed the
numerous cuts and scratches they
had received, shut the bedroom win
dow tightly and felt secure against
further uncanny Interruption of
their slumbers.
Inventor Amos Wyckoff
Nears Death in Exhibit
ing Patent Fabric.
?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 22.
Amos Wyckcff, the inventor of patent
fireproof garments, was nearly burned to
death this afternoon at Oakland Park
while giving an exhibition of. his non
combustible clothing.
The unfortunate exhibitor was so badly
scorched by the flames in which he riad
been trying to demonstrate good points
in his invention that medical attention
was necessary, and there is danger that
his injuries may prove fatal. Despite the
conditions surrounding the accident,
Wyckoff did not blame the severe burn-
Ing upon the failure of his patent to work.
In fact, he declared that had he not been
protected with the fireproof fabric he
would surely have suffered a horrible
death.
The burning was caused, he said, by the
tearing of a portion of the suit while he
was plunping through a mass of flaming
brush soaked with coal oil. The trousers
caught on a splintered tree branch and
ripped lust as he was in the center of the
fire, and before he could free himself from
the tangle of trousers and twigs the fire
had run into his underparments and they
started to burn. The fireproof outer suit
smothered the spreading flames, WyckofT
paid, while h© was drag-gin? himself out
of the blaze. Dr. Reinhart was called and
gave the suffering Inventor attention, al
leviating the intense pain.
The Injured inventor was removed to
his home and will be under a doctor's
care for some time. His legs and hands
were severely burned. __
ALAMEDANS ARE BADLY
HURT WHILE CAMPING
ALAMEDA. July 22.— Word was received
here to-nlgbt of a serious accident near
Santa Rosa to a party of Alamedans who
left yesterday by team for a camping trip
In Mendocino County. Edward Dean, re-
Eiding at the Park Hotel, was badly hurt
about the head and shoulder, and Bert
Fisher of the firm of Coombs & Fisher
had his collarbone broken, besides being
badly cut and bruised. The others in the
party— Peter Townsend, a carpenter, and
Ed Donald, a dear dealer— were slightly
The party had a wagon loaded with
camp equipage. In a telephone message
to friends here it was reported that tho
waeron was upset in a runaway at 4
o'clock this morning? on the road between
Petaluma and Santa Rosa. Fisher was so
seriously Injured that his wife was sum
moned to him. The Injured man was
taken to a farmhouse and surgeons were
sent from Santa Kosa,
PHOENIX, Ariz.. July 22— Reports to-dav
resLj.;:r.g from an brvettigktfoo of the damage
rron I r * ctt ? 1 . rtroucht state that the craape
crop ha< not b«f n darr.agod no iertOUlly as at
f.m jrecorttd. asd that there will be three
tam-OU cf a crop. The first picking wlli be
jrn.rK<>-*<i etrly lr. November, a month before
tfc- California product.
Train Wrecker Arrested.
LAMAR. Mo., July 22.— Clyde Hngan.
the young man who, with Frank Levick.
tried to wreck the Memphis flyer, two
miles west of this place on the nigrht of
May i, was arrested near here to-day.
Levick has been in custody since last
Monday, and confessed, but asserted that
Ka#ran placed the obstruction on the
track. Leniency may be shown, aa each
is under 20 years of age.
a congressional delegate. By the aid of
1720 votes of Missourlans, who came Into
the territory for the sole purpose of cast-
Ing those voles, the pro-slavery candidate
was elected and took his seat unchal
lenged In the House of Representatives at
"Washington. The following spring similar
tactics, with even more barefaced fraud
and violence, deposited SO per cent of the
ballots cast and chose a territorial legis
lature of the desired complexion. Gover
nor Reeder, having canvassed the returns
and heard the protests of free State set
tlers, was convinced, as he stated In pub
lic, that the principle of popular sover
eignty had been utterly overthrown In
Kansas, the rights of her citizens out
raged, the country conquered by force of
arms. But regard for the wishes of the
President and his party obliged the Gov
ernor to content himself with throwing
out a few members as chosen by force and
fraud, leaving the legislature strongly
pro-slavery still. Not content with this,
that body showed Its contempt for law
and its defiance of the Governor by Im
mediately seating every man to whom he
had refused credentials A bitter quarrel
ensued and charges against the Governor
were made at Washington. He was vir
tually removed by the President and at
once actively Joined the free state party,
becoming one of Its trusted leaders.
Shannon of Ohio, who succeeded Reeder.
arrived In September, 1555, and put himself
at once with intemperate zeal upon the
side of the lawless, pro-slavery- faction.
The territorial government and the State
government under the Topeka constitu
tion were now contending for recognition,
and the logic of events wrought a consid
erable change In Governor Shannon's
ignoble trick, orginaiing. we are told, in,
tne high circles of the Washington, admin
istration, called upon the people to vote
only upon what were called the slavery
clauses of the constitution. The Question
was "the constitution with slavery or tha
constitution with no slavery." But by
clauses not submitted to vote "the consti
tution with no slavery" still made slavery
perpetual so far as concerned the slaves
already in the territory and their off
spring. The free state men. as a matter
of course, refused to vote, but the new
legislature, which they controlled, sub
mitted the whole constitution to the peo
ple In January. 1S53. and it was voted
down by an enormous majority. The slave
state party had In their turn declined to
vote, but an honest ballot had been taken
ar.d a comparison of the figures with thosa
of previous elections showed that Kansas
voters were at least two to one against
slavery. News of the Lecomptoa consti
tution swindle revived the declining inter
est of the country In the fortunes of Kan
sas. Appeal had been made to congress
for the admission of the territory to
statehood under the Lecompton constitu
tion and the Democratic party was soon
In a violent wrangle over the vexlr.g ques
tion. Douglaj and many other Northern
Democrats and party newspapers protest
ed against the measure, to which th*
President adhered tenaciously. The elec
tion of January, which showed beyond
question the real wishes of the Kansas
settlers, effected nothing- with the admin
istration. Every resource of official pat
ronage was brought to bear to advance
the cause of slavery. The bill passed the
Senate, but hung fire in the House, and
finally failed to pass. Disgraceful scenes
occurred during the heated congressional
debate. The bitterest and most scorching
words were not enough, many of the
members became engaged in .ctuai
fist fights and only because more
dangerous weapons happened not to be at
hand was there no bloodshed or serious
bodily injury. The wounded feelings were
not soon healed.
The Dred Scott Decision.
The whole subject of slavery In the
federal domain came before the country
In a new phase, while the statu3 cf Kan
sas was still unsettled. The Dred Scott
decision of the Supreme Court will be con
sidered more fully hereafter for Us Im
portant bearing upon party history. It ia
mentioned here only to show its connec
tion with the original subject of dispute
In Kansas.
Dred Scott, a negro slave, had sued for
his freedom several yeara before on the
ground that he had been taken by his
master to the free state of Illinois and to
the free territory of the northern portion
of the Louisiana purchase, where, accord
ing to the Missouri compromise, slavery
could not exist. In due course the case
came before the highest court of the na
tion, and two days after the Inauguration
of President Buchanan the decision waa
rendered. The negTO was returned to sla
very since no negro of slave ancestry
could stand before a court of the United
States as a "citizen" competent to sue or
be sued. The court then went on to dis
cuss the other chief constitutional point3
involved, and the decision pronounced the
Missouri compromise act "not warranted
by the constitution and therefore void."
This absolutely knocked all foundation
from the doctrine of popular sovereignty
under which th« long struggle for Kansas
had been carried on. for since congTes3
had no power to forbid slavery in a terri
tory It certainly could not create a territo
rial legislature which should possess that
power. No territory, then, could under
any possible circumstances bar out sla
very, and the doctrine of popular sover
eignty worked only one way— to permit
the citizens of a federal territory to vote
the Institution up. never down. Only a
sovereign state could. establish freedom.
Kansas a State.
In 1S53 the Kansas Legislature onee
more called a constitutional convention,
which met at Leavenworth. The free
state party was now supreme and the con
stitution adopted prohibited slavery. It
was ratified by the people and sent to
"Washington. But once more the pro-sla
very Senate refused the appeal, this time
on the alleged ground that the population
of the territory was Insufficient. The fol
lowing year still another convention
adopted the Wyandotte constitution.
which also prohibited slavery. This was
ratified by the people, sent to congress,
and Kansas was at last, after years of
waiting and repeated refusals, admitted
as a state. But It was not until after the
"Union had been dismembered and the
Senators from the seceded states had
withdrawn that the opposition of the up
per chamber was overcome.
I3AAC MACT.
Iowa College.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. July 22.
"With the solemn rites of the Episcopal
Church, Charts N. Lathrop was to-day
ordained to the diaconate by Rizht Rev.
William Ford Nichols. Bishop of the Sio
cese. The sacred ceremonial was con
ducted at St. Andrew's Church, Ninth
and Cypress streets, which will be the
future charge of the young cleric.
Peculiar interest attached to the Induc
tion into the ministry of tne Rev. Mr.
Lathrcp. He Is the son of the late Rev.
Henr> r D. Lathrop, who was one of the
prominent Episcopalian divines of Cali
fornia. Dr. Lathrop was rector of the
Church of the Advent in San Francisco
from ISG7 to 1877. and in later years was
rector at the parish of the same name In
East Oakland.
The services at St. Anthony's were at
tended by many of the parishioners and
friends of the young deacon's family.
The candidate was presented in due
form by Archbishop Emory, and was in
vested with the titular authority by the
Bishop with full observance of the eccle
siastical functions.
The new comer will begin his evangelis
tic labors Immediately. The field is a
good one, and St. Andrew's has received
much congratulation from the church of
ficials upon securing the services of the
brilliant young preacher.
Mr. Lathrop was graduated from Har
vard University and from the "Western
Theological Seminary of Chicago, where
he took a course preparatory to entrance
Into the ministry. John M. Lathrop, a
well-known newspaper man, is his
brother, and another brother holds a po
sition in the English-department of Stan
ford University.
Charles N. Lathrop Becomes
an Episcopal Preacher
in Oakland.
INDUCTED INTO
THE DIACONATE
OF THE CHURCH
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 22.
Indications are strong that the fruit can
ners' combine is hard pressed for apricots.
Agents of the trust have been making ex
traordinary efforts In Alameda County
fruit growing centers to secure 'cots, of
fering from $20 to $25 a ton. That figure
was made for apricots delivered at the
cars at Niles.
The canneries' representatives have
gone among the growers with all sorts of
propositions to start the movement. In
one case at Niles a buyer offered a second
man his own figure as commission if he
would get special crops for J25 a ton. The
situation shows, however, that the com
bine will not raise Its schedule, but will
pay liberal commissions to those who suc
ceed jn turning fruit its way.
From the Niles district, where a superior
quality of 'cots is raised, cannery buyers
report that they would handle double the
quantity of fruit that Is being offered if
they could induce growers to sell rather
than to dry their yield. There Is every
indication that a great amount of fruit
will be dried in order to maintain prices.
These conditions, while not altogether
one-sided for the growers, are the direct
result of the refusal of the canneries to
establish better prices for the fresh fruit
required for packing.
While the orchardists were unable to or
ganize a strong association to fight the
j combine, so many fruit men have declined
to part with their crops at cannery figures
| that they seem to have the upper hand of
the market. It is claimed by the can
neries' agents that the 'cot yield of the
State will be 9Q.(W0 tons and that they can
handle only 30.«>0 tons. Of course, the In
ference intended Is that the prices cannot
be maintained and that growers are In no
position to dictate terms. But so far as
many of the large orchardists are con
cerned the figures do not appear to worry
them. E. A. Ellsworth, one of the lead
ing growers of the Niles district. Is quoted
as placing no stock In that position. He
says the canneries have offered him his
own terms to recure 'cots for them, and
I that he has declined the tenders.
Niles Orchardists Holding
Out Against Offers of
the Combine.
REFUSE TO SELL
THEIR FRUIT TO
THE CANNERIES
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call
U1S Broadway. July 22.
Mr?. Mary Valentine^ widow of the late
¦William T. Valentine of Alameda. and
Thomas White, also of Alameda, who is
said to have pesed as arnan with a pu'.l
with the keeper of the pearly pates of
heaven, have adjusted the differences that
arcse between thtm because of the man
ner" in which the late husband of the
woman disposed of his property !n deeds
made a sh<>rt rme before his death. The
Bn$exior Court has been petitioned for a
dismissal of the suit commenced by Mrs.
Valentine several months ago for the re
eoverv of several thousands dollars' worth
of property left to White by Valentine,
who considered him a man. of supernatural
power*.
Wijl'am Valentine was cr.e <-,f the best
known men in the town of Alameda.
where h^ lired for rnary years prior to his
d«=aih. He was a fervent believer In the
mysteries of 6pirltu*ll«n. ar..i numbered
cs'hi? most intimate friend Thomas White.
• two men were regular attendants at
:!>• rr.e* tlr.jrs cf the splrituaiists of Ala
• ¦ : ... iind were often heyd to discuss
Late William Valentine's
Peculiar Barter With
a Friend.
LAND GIVEN FOR
A PLACE WITHIN
HEAVENLY GATES
their hopes of meeting "in tne great be
vond."
Stories were told of how White had
agreed with Valentine to provide him with
a berth in heaven in that
he provide for him a comfortable home on
this earth. Enemies of White were un
kind enough to say that he was getting
the better of the deal, as he did not have
to reckon with thr wrath to come before
he entered into the enjoyment of his por
tion of the trade. Whether th^se stories
were true or not, a short time before his
death Valentine deeded "White several
pieces of valuable Alameda property.
Mr. and Mrs. Valentine bad not lived to
gether for several years before his death,
but after his demise the wife came to the
conclusion sh" had been badly trtated
when sh»- was left but $1200 by her hus
band and White was enjoying the pro
ceeds of the real estate presented to him
by his= frier.d. She consulted a-.torneys
and tiled suit in the Superior Court against
"White for the annulment of the deeds.
The Alameda, spiritualist was accused of
bunkoing: Valentine when he offer-"! to see
that he was given a piace in paradise. The
whole business of exchanging reality en
earth for a foothold within the pearly
ga»«-s was condemned by the angry widow.
The case was to have 1 een tried before
Judge Hal! next week, but Mrs. Valen
tine 8 lawyer approached White with an
offer of compromise for ST-OO. White re
fused the offer, but agreed to give $250 to
th^ widow for a quitclaim deed, which
was accepted.
OAKLAND, July 22.— Dr. Hiram Van
Kirk, the new Dean of Berkeley
Bible Seminary, will befrin his work
August 21 with the reopening 1 of the
seminary for the fall term. Dr. Van Kirk
comes to California with a reputation as
a tneoloelan and scholar of high repute.
Although only 32 years of age. he has
been a deep student and has attained a
prominent place both as a scholar and a
cultured pulpit orator. Dr. Van Kirk
holds the degrees of A. B., from the Ohio
Normal University, awarded in 1*30; A.B.,
from Hiram college. Ohio. 1S92; B. D.,
Yale University, ISM; Ph.D., Chicago
University. 1900.
While pursuing his theological studies
DR. HTRAM VAN KIBE.
In 1S90-D1 Dr. Van Kirk was pastor of the
Christian Church at Buffalo, N\ Y.. and of
that at Jefferson City, Mo., In 1SS6-97. He
is also secretarv and treasurer of the Na
tional Board of Education of the Chris
tian Church.
Dr. Van Kirk succeeds Professor S. M.
Jefferson, who has pone to Kentucky Uni
versity at Lexington.
The Berkeley Bible Seminary was estab
lished four years ago. All of the theo
logical students are compelled to take
their literary, philosophical and scientific
courses at the University of California.
The seminary also co-operates with the
Pacific Theological Seminary by inter
changing courses. There are twelve stu
dents on the roll of the seminary.
MAIDEN SERMON OF
REV. FATHER HEVERIN
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE STRUGGLE FOR KANSAS IN 1855-58
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRUCKEE, July 22.— Water seems to
follow in the wake of the San Francisco
city officials, who are here investigating
Lake Tahoe. It rained in this vicinity
last night and to-day, and the mathema
ticians of the party have tigured out that
it added 132,475,o31 gallons of water to the.
lake, with a. few precincts yet to hear
from. AH agree that there is but one Lake
Tahoe, and it ia ideai for ownership by
the metropolis.
Chairman Reed is especially enthusias
tic over the prospects and is not greatly
worried over the .protest of the Renoites.
whose "You caii't play in our lake" is not
regarded seriously, iteed says it is of
secondary consiUcration ana capable of
legal adjustment. There is plenty of
water for botli States, says Reed, and
California, certainty uem nguis as well u-a
Nevada. Assessor Liougc, who accom
panies the party in the nature of medical
adviser ar.a h&s eschewed solvent credits
lor th« nonce, sees in tne use of Lake
Tahoe water a. eenslbie diminution of dis
ease resulting from drinking impure water
by the people ot tian Francisco. He says
the four years or" practical drougnt
through which California has passed nas
been an enormous drain on the resources
of the Spring Vailey Water Company. An
other ytar of arought, says Dodge, and
San Francisco will tie luce to face witn a
water famine, and it is not at all improb
able that tha use of water next auiuinn
will have to be curtailed.
Oakland's Opportunity.
Councilman Taylor of Oakland, which
has troubles of its own in the water line,
believes that now is the time for Oakland
to co-operate with its metropolitan ne'gh
bor in procuring an adequate pure water
supply. He is fortifying himself with
fstcis, tierures and samples of Tahoe water,
which he intenas to lay before his col
leagues in an endeavor to bring them to
his way of thinking that the water is the
"goods " and ought to be delivered to tha
two bay clues.
Chairman Booth of the Printing Com
mittee is already figuring on the cost of
printing and advertising so large a con
tract as piping water from Lake Tahoe
to San Francisco. Chairman Jennings
cf the Finance Committee says he is fuily
prepared to direct the nnanceerlng of the
necessary funds raised by bond issue.
Dentist Boxton does not think so much of
the water, as its purity has an improv
ing effect on the teeth. Connor, Curtis
and Dwyer say water is only good to
bathe in and to wash rubber boots, but
agree thut the Tahoe article is a superior
brand. McCarthy would rather talk
about the Health Board, while Helms is
non-committal.
Colonel James H. O'Brien, who Is of
seme consequence in San Francisco polit
ical circles, was yesterday "discovered"'
at Tallac. He will Join the Supervisorial
Commission in an inspection of the Yuba
River water sheds. He will give the bene
fit of experience in liquids other than
water covering a period of many years.
O'Brien is rather skeptical about the pos
sibility of Sail Francisco acquiring its own
water system and does not hestltate to
express it He quotes Gladstone, who
once, in reference to Ireland acquiring
home rule, said:
"There may be a day. maybe not in my
time."
Programme of Commissioners.
Unfavorable weather to-day prevented
any- further extended investigation of
Lake Tahoe. The party was regaled with
interesting reminiscences by Charley Ol
son, on? of the oldest Inhabitants here
abouts, who was with Von Schmidt when
the latter built his famous dam in 1S65.
Olson was found slttinc In his front win
dow, where It is said he pinches himself
every now and then to dispel visions of
"what might have been had things been
different." »;
Th*re is work ahead for the commission
In the next three days. A start will be
made from Truckee to-morrow morning
In carriages, which will convey the mem
bers across the ir.atn rid** of the Sierras
to inspect the water sheds of the Yuba
and American rivers. They will be piloted
Ijv \V. K. Englebright and Hugh Masruire
of the Marvsvllle and Nevada Power
Compnnv. which has made an offer of sup
ply to San Francisco. The Investigation
will hp thorough and will consume at
least three days.
All Are Satisfied So Far That a
Good Supply of Pure Water
Can Be Obtained From
Lake Tahoe.
Inclement Weather Keeps
the Party Indoors at
Truckee.
WATER FOLLOWS
IN THE WAKE OF
SUPERVISORS
NEW DEAN COMES TO
BERKELEY SEMINARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JULY 23, 1900.
iort-
XIV.
(Concluded.)
The Federal Governors.
It was In the territory of Kansas that
the sectional question of slavery or no
slavery formed the absolute line of divi
sion between the two parties. Until that
question was determined no other matters i
could receive attention, The territorial
governors appointed by the Democratic
pro-slavery administrations at Washing
ton were of course pro-slavery Democrats, |
sent out. every man cf them, to serve the
Southern cause. But the fact that once
upon the ground and- the situation gra-«ped
these same "ro-slavcrv Democrats— almost
without exception— were won to the free
State side of the quarrel speaks loudly for
the justice of that side.
Andrew H. Reeder of Pennsylvania en
tered upon his official duties In October,
1S54. He was an enthusiastic Democrat of I
the Douglas school, a lawyer of reputa
tion and an honorable man. He honestly '
desired to quiet the turbulent spirit al- j
ready manifest on the border and to |
deal fairly with all. Having traveled over i
his domain, he ordered an election for i
Journeyed to Washington to state his cass
to the authorities, vas summarily dis
missed. December. 1SST. as ccnrluctlr.3
himself too much after the manner of hi»
official chief and effectually aiding 'ho
free state cause.
General Denver of Vlrsrlnia. who came
next upon the roll, announced hi* inten
tion to carry out the policy of hi3 prede
cessor. He accepted tne appointment un
willingly, determined to resign as soon aj
possible, which h" did in October. l.vW Ha
had striven Ineffectually for fair dealing
and political Justice. Of all the territorial
governors hitherto he was the only one
whose resignation was wholly voluntary.
To him succeeded Governor iledary of
Ohio, whose administration fell in more
peaceful times.
The L«coiapton Constitution.
One of the promises by ¦which Governor
"Walker induced the anti-slavery settlers
to share in the October election of 1SC7
was that the Lecornpton constitution
should be submitted to popular vote. The
pro-«lavery legislature which was Just
retiring had called a constitutional con
vention, which was stMl In session at L*
corr.pton, and did not adopt a constitution
until November 7. The October election
meantime returned a free state legisla
ture and congressional delegate*. In E**
cfrnhpr the rnnvertion hr a shallow and
7
REV I \THER HEVERIN of Oakland, recently ordained, preached h!s mald
rmonatBt Francis Church after vespers last evening. The sacred
f ' u '" 1 -*' wag filled with worshipers, and the words of the voung priest made
a dietinct impression. His voice was clear and calm " and his delivery
"Christian Life anil
It* Duties and Re
qTi'TrrneiJts" was the
BUbJect of Father
Hevertn'a discourse.
T*J€ manner !n which
be bandied the s=ub-
J< t showed careful
preparation. T h o
text wm from Mat
¦ »- Vf jcvHrlS-U: "Be
' false proph
»:s: by their fruits
y know them."
"We are told In the
Holy Writ." Paid the
• wax priest, "that
•he lipscf the priests
thall Bpeak knowl
*dpe and the people
FfcaM ?eek knowl
fflcc. The professed
Catholic, w&ether he
wear the livery of
the ministry o f
Christ or whether he
he a layman. If In
his daily practice he
fails to adhere to his
professions it avails
h!xn nothing. He may
have faith, but faith
alone will not eave
him. He must prac
tice the virtues of
faJth. hope, patience,
charity, humility ar.O
obfdlcr.ee. These are
positive precepts.
The negative pre
cepts are those
thir.es which are f or-
thoa Bbmlt r.ot steal, thou shalt not bear fa.ls<? wltneaa. thnu shalt r.ot commit
murder. It Is i ot easy to lead a Christian life. To lead a Christian life requires
constant cfTort and demands a constant struggle ; but it has its reward."
HIS SUIT DID
NOT SAVE HIM
FROM INJURY
JAMES BUCHANAN.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OT MAGDEBT~RG. GERMANY. ON THE ;
V.tx Cz? cf December, A. D. US. and fri i
the year er.<i!r.r en that ds.y. as made to the j
Ir.eurar ce Commissioner cf the State of Callfor- '
c!a, j-urruant to the provisions at sections €10
«nd CU cf the Political Code, condensed as per
fr>rV fuxiUhed by the CcmssisEloner.
CAPITAL.
Anacst ot Ca.r'-*^ Stock paid up la
CafV} J7M.O0OOO
ASSETS.
HesJ Ertate otreed by Company C3.S06 CO
Ls-a.S* en Bonds and M;rti?a*»? 8.SS1.GM CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks.
asfl Bonds o*n>i by Ccmj.asy 121. CTC 57 !
C*eh In Company's Office n.4-:-5 t~, j
Cfc*h In Backa M.ISS S3 i
Interest <J-e and accrue! on all
Stock* and L*.ans C16 S j
p-rni!uxss la due Course of Collec-
tion 'SM.OS1J
Bill" receivable, r.ot Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 8,740 73
I>ue from ether Companies for Re-
ln«nra=c« ' *4V37S 50
Total Assets J'A^.Sri 32 j
LIABILITIES.
Xxwees In process of Adjustment t
in Fuspes»e- -- •¦--¦• TS7,-.. S ,
G~*« lillllilllllil en Marine and In-
land Narration Risks. I ; re- \
ruranc* 1» P*t cnt...... ;¦-... 22.MC 22 ,
Grr*F fcremiumt <-n Marine ita*
Risks, i ; re-lr.surasce M per t
liability mSerelbir Branches ... S.*:3.«4 » j
mst (J'vS5*r.ds remaining unpaid ' 35. .,0 .
Total Liabilities K.W.tX 45
Net ca*n actrxa.iy r*cei to i - — »- m^ m -.
rlr.e premiums C2S.77J C5
Received for interest ca Bonds and
liiorrgas** 234.S12 27
Reoeiv«-<J for !;!»twt and dividends
on Bends. Stocks, Loarj ar.d from
all other purees U.Tt 4J
Received frcm al! other sources 2.193.1?7 43
Total Ineom. ». 112. 119 13
ntvUeafla to Stockholders 107. 600 00
Paid cr alleged for Ccassilraion cr
n'rckprajre £ E3.9J4 ES
raid for 5al*rie«. Fe<^ «n<J other
chkrt*. tar officer,, clerks, etc.... «.0M 26
l>iid fcr State. National and Local
tax*. 2.C7* K
All ether payments asd expenditures 1.4U.561 y>
TotaJ Expenditure. C044.** «
=====
Marine Lowes Incurred during the
year S4T0.U7 05
~Riska acd Premium*. !M*r. Risks.: Premiums.
Net emour.t of Risks!
written during thei
yeir f. C30.2C7.C7 , IS43.4W S<
Net amount of R1«J«
rxjitred during tl*«
year CS,SeO,41» SCI Ml «
Krt a»«3BEt In Jorc*
L*c«Eb«r SI. 18-9 S.2«.S3S 112.333 91
TO. DAMMAX.V, Manager.
fnb»fTn*d awJ *wom to before me, this May
<Ut cf 7th. WOO. EMIL ALY. Notary Public.
CUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 CALIFORNIA STBEET,
6Ai» FRANCISCO. CAL, " %
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
lACBiif FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANY. OX THE
21*t day cf Decerr.b^r. A. D. 1SS3. and for
the year ending on that da^- a* made to the' In-
surance Commissioner of th* State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and €11 of the Political Code, condensed aa per
blank fumlihsd by the Ccmmlsilon«r.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
C&aii JTitf.COO «
ASSETS.
Real Estate oirr.ed by Company EJT. 14i r»C
ls>*r.r rn B<?n3s and Mortpapes • l 164 ;a ss
Carh Market Value of all Stocks and
IVnds owned by Company 1.S49.533 32
Ca^h in Office g!s«I 08
Caeh in Banks 30O.C15 40
Ir.tere« due and accrued on all
Stocks a,nd Loans t.izx tb
Premiums in due Course of Collection 314,007 eg
Due frcm ether Companies for Re-In-
eurance C6.S73 30
Total Assets *4.S67,S64 13
LIABILITIES.
Lof*»* In prr<*ES of Adjustment or
In Fu«p»n*e $6j3.C33 04
Gr^s Dreslums rn Fire Risks run-
ning one year or 1«*m. t : re-ln-
«uran'*e iA per cent 1.C3S.S13 I?
Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
r.in«r more than one year. S ;
Hf-:n«uranre pro rota 2S1.1OT W
<~BJ"h dividends remaining ur.paid LOST 50
AH other demands againrt the Cora-
paoy 2M.7GSM
Total Liabilities $:.S«,RC6 E3
INCOME.
N'et rash actually received for Fire
premijrr.f $4.0CI,SC3 13
Re<-eive<i fr,r Interest on Bonds and
MortjraeMi 47,40! 64
Received for interest ard dividends
en Bond* Ftock*. Loana and from
all ether fiur~! 74 754 4S
Received from ail ether sources • E7.553 a
Total Income I4.1SJ.502 44
EXPHXHITX-nKS. ~~~ ~
Net amount paid fcr Fire Losses (In-
cluding |CO,2M SI losses of previous
y*""** ' «.9:s.4C2 74
Piv1dT.de tr> Stockholder* 312 5D0 00
P»S<! or allowed for Con-.m!«lon or
Brokerage 7S4 907 «9
Paid fcr Pa'.arlei. Fe*s. and other
eharc?* for officers, clerks, etc 209 77112
PaM fcr State. National and Local
tax** SH271 Z9
All other payments and expenditures 113.533 41
Toul Expenditures T. $4.M3.51I «4
H. VATKK. President.
RUDOLF BERXm". Vlr* President.
Fubscrlbe/1 and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of April. 1900.
OnOP.GK H. MTJRPHT.
tJ.E. Vice Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET.
EAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
• 61 per Year.
Minneapolis pessesses the ,greatest Cour
milL - »THE SAN FKAISTCISCO CAI_I_, MONDAY, ; JXJIjY 23, 19OO
8
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL-
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, ccrr.er cf Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
J3nA"N"CII OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
ceraer Clay; opm until ?:30 p. m.
"00 ifajm street: open until 9:30 p. rn.
O> McAllister street: open until 9:39 p. m.
f.Z Larkia street: cper. until 9:30 p. m.
ISO Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
•SCI Ml_*l«l -tree., corner Sixteenth; open
until 5 P. m.
JM Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
I03« Valencia Ftrret: open until, 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
turVy ftrerts; rppn until 9 p. m.
MEETISG XOTICES.
BAN FBAICOSOO ConslFtory No. 1. A. an;* A..
Snottls* Hite of rre P ma'onry-An neirber,
are her.by notified to attend at Chap ter HsU.
luriral obseqoia* of cur late brother.
GEORGE J. HOBE. registrar of the Con-
sistory Bs- order of the Master.
HENHY BURNER^ Registrar pro tern.
GODFREY <5e St. Omar Coun- [^bbsI
ell No. 1, XnlJ^.ts Kadosh— All __ 1|_§1 ,_,
members are hereby notified to w* — ivn 1 — r*T
\ •.,-.• .-,: ¦ hapter HaU. Masonic jjEBsSES!
Temple, on TUE!=1>AT. July 14. B^^Hp^Jt
ISW st 1:30 o'clock fharp, to JRI
tcke jart in the fur.eral obse- JpJjBsQ
<;_!«•* of cur late brother,
GEORGE J. IlCBt:. secretary. By order of
the Commander.
HENRY IJL'IINER. Secretary pro tem.
frniU Bl'ENA Chapter No. 1. _
XsdCfata Rose Croix— All mem- I I
bei-s are hereby notified to at- . — JJ — >
trr.d at Chapter Hall, Mascn'e —Sfa — '
TtanpJfs. en TUESDAY. July *M, RJ
:<*>0. at 1:25 o'clock sharp, to |/l •
take part :n the funeral obse- A I
cute* pf our late brother, LJ
GEORGE J. HOBE, secretary.
My order of the Master.
HENRY BTItNER. Secretary pro tem.
YER3A I3UENA Lodge of Perfection ..J~.
No. I. A. end A.. Scottish Rite of jf
Freerr-isonry— All meir.ber» are hereby A
notif.ed to attend at Chapter Hall. Ma- _jfcjV.
sonic Temple, on TT'ESDAY. July .4, *_>*»
1900. at 1:30 o'clock sharp, to take part in the
funeral obsequies of our late brother.
GEORGE J. HOBE. secretary. By order of
the Master.
HENBT BURNER. Secretary pro tem.
FAN FRANC1?CO Chapter No. 1. Royal _^_
A- h Mascns, meets THTS KVENING. ")E5r
Iwgree 4. !______
KIXG SOLOMON'S Lodre No. 160. F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall, Fil'more et., J\^
\.-v—:. Bush and Sutter— Third (ie- TZ. J\
pree THIS EVEICING. at 7:30. /^r "»
HAPRT BAEHK. Secretary.
GRDER Eastern Star— Officers and mem-
bers of the Grand Chapter of Cullfor- ¦»/*>•>
nia will attend th" funeral of nur late "_Mf
brother* Past Orand Patron GEORGE • r *"
J. HOBE. to-morrow (Tuesday), from Ma-
sonic Temple. Vr-.ft and Montgomery ***¦*»• By
order of the Grand Patron.
KATE J. WILLATS, Grand Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting-The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the offlce ol
the company. 22T Market St.. San Franciscc.
Ccl.. on WEDNESDAY, the 1st day of Au-
pust. 1S00. at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
for the purpof* of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year ar.d
the transaction of such other business as
ir.ay can:e before the meeting.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works. — The
er.r.-al meer.rg rf the stockholders of the Rls-
drn Iron and Locomotive Works, for the elec-
tion Of trustees for the ensuing year and the
transaction of *uch ether' business as may be
br.>uEht before the meeting, •will be held at the
office of th« company, southeast corner of Beaie
aid Howard tte.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the Cth day of August, 1S*X>. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
jini.ftVt to loan ondiamonds. watches, silverware,
fpalskins. puns. I'ncle Harris. IS Grant ave.
AGEXTS WAVTED.
EXCLUSIVE State agenries; big profits: other
biiFiness occupies all my time. 3-S Montgom-
ery St., room 417.
A0EXT8 of ability and experience In life Insur-
ar.r-e. Call at room 191. PE7 Market, cor. Six'.h.
ATTOU.NEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, nttomey at law. 927 Market St..
room G_7: estates. damages. attarhinent^.
Var.V.ruptcy, co'.lt^tlons; all cas^s; fair fees;
ri'~> advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
r . o fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, £50 Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 3rT Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. F. CLARK. Emma Spreckle- bldg.. $27 Mar-
ket ft.: cotifultatkn free; no fees In advance.
HATH CABHVETS.
J}O"3INS0N $5,4-pariel folding; doer opens: firm
ar.d safe. \V. S. DROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
AUTO.MOniLES.
AUTOMOBILES— FP.ED WARD & SON,
Apent«. 46 Fremont et.
BELGIAN HARES.
A NUMBER cf fine does at low prices: bred to
our finest burks; LORD EDINBORO (imp.),
fee ?2',; DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.), fee
IK: fine lot of youngsters from three to five
months old from Iy<">rd Edinboro and our lm-
„ r°rter; does with prand color and perfect feet
all round; full line of rabbit supplies; free
f-AN* FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO-
SAM. C. HAMMOND. Mgr.
Office— Spreekels Market.
Rsbbltry-1015 Fhotwell St.
2ELOIAN HARES ! !
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
price.. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS-
SOCIATION. Alameda. Cal.
1/>RD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
first prize In England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELOIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS; sales daily. 1009H Suttcr.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..609 Gol-
den Gate ave.. S. F.. 600 rabbits for sale cheap.
Bl'SINESS CIIAXCES.
A— JMC; delicacy and dairy produce. In Ala-
meda: rent f9; dally receipts J12; business es-
t«bl. years. Call R. O. WILKE. 26^_ Kearny.
A-J17Z0; CORNER grocery and bar on Mission
et : place has been kept by present owner
for 10 j'ears and clearing above $150 per
month; etock and fixtures worth the money.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2e% Kearny Bt.
A-JCOO— RESTAURANT and chophouse - on
«attr front: rent $15; bargain. R_ G. WILKE.
2€^» Ke»rny st.
A-JCO; BAKERY eitabl. many year* In li\-ely
country town: place doing a splendid busi-
ness; rent $20; sickness of proprietor only
cause of sale: fullest investigation solicited.
Call n. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny «t.
A-?::."*; PARTNER wanted In cld-establ. cor.
grocery and bar on Third et. ; dally receipts
J3S; retiring partner had to leave for north;
rer.t J42: lease: rare chance. See R. O.
WILKE. 2CX» Kearny rt.
A— flOOO; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a _noney making place;
tbest location: close to Chronicle bul'-ing. See
R. G. WILKE. -6"-* Kearny -t.
TO dressmakers— For tale cheap; good business,
with Tie!J Mocked -tore. LANE A CO.,RCo Mkt.
»;"¦• — CENTS' furnishing, stationery ¦a.n'l no-
tions; fine stock; K r>c< l Iocatlon;double-fronte.
Ftor*-; rpnt only *20. LANE & CO.. SK Market.
FOIt pal" — Well-knc-cn wholesale and retail
canoy business: established IS years and mak-
ing larc" profits; ?very opportunity given to
rur'-haser to Investigate. Full particulars
LANE & CO., S65 Market Bt.
J4tn^ESTABLISHED -« rears: stationery, no-
tlor?F. t^indy and laundry business, with 3
livlr.* rms; rent low. LANE & CO.. i65 Mkt.
j:2".-nitANCH bakery; S Uvlr.r rooms; cheap
rent: selMnc on account of der*_ rture: rseat
plac-e. Pacific Exchange. 101S Market rt.
JI'O— CIGAR store: Market St.; cheap pent; rood
trm'ie. Parific^Exchange. W~t Market «t.
A — $3Ti"; RESTAURANT and oyster house; open
day and r.lcht: completely equipped; fine
•r>_5!rie*« location: excellent trade; full value
In ei?M: rent ITo: great w r i nce f or q U i c j_
**le. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
A— .-CHAIR barber ehop and derar stand In
Ve«tem Addition; also furniture of llvinc
rooms If desired; very che&{>; leaving c'ty;
ir.veMlE-ie: something good. Call at DECK-
ELMAN BROS.. !!"¦« Ellis «t.
JCASV money to be made by furnishing names
and addrer«*s of persons nuffirrlnr: from con-
eui-tjjtior:. r_.ncer. Br'ghti dlseaee. catarrh,
blood and nervous diseases. Address Box 12$.
Call.
I"wO— DELICACY and dairy produce; rood lo-
cation; rhear- rent; value In slight; saeriftcpd
this week; owner must go to Germany. LUN-
J.iIN &. CO.. FT- Market rt.. room K.
A NEWSPAPER for sale; Jive, well eetab-
lirjied; payinp; blR circulation; A No. 1 town.
M. GRIFFIN. 71S ilarkft. r. L nr. Call bldg.
TO rent — For coal yard, milk depot. eto.< flne
Socaticn; place is entirely covered: contains 3
stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENP7UCKPON & CO.. €M Call building.
WANTED — Active parties In staple mte. busi-
ness: J2HOO to J5C0O required. Box 158. Call.
FOR eale— A clear store, lit Stanyan St., near
HaigbL
Dl'SlXKSS CHANCES COXTIXPEP.
MEN of Nerve Go to the Philippines.
Klondike and Nome Not In It.
Just arrived from Manila, after two years' ex-
perience prospecting in mining; have located
very rich gold, silver and copper mining: would
like to pet a company of ten men together, in-
cluding one assayer, to work the claims which
we have already taken up and take up mo-e
claims; *\-e are In poEsef»lon of a splendid as-
sortment of very rich specimens. For further
Information plea&e call at DENVER HOUSE.
217 Third st.. near Howard, room 103.
FOR SALE— A strictly pood business; restaur-
ant: ;00 chairs and fading 100 people; bakery
using 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodging-house. 34 rooms, ijewly furnished;
finest opportunity tc make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
fl-ld. Cal.
i J40O— ON account of retiring; a paying business;
j established over 20 years; stock and fixtures
i included; <=u!trble man and wife: living rms.
i Particulars, apply at creamery, 2318. Fillmore.
' LEADING hotel la Monterey; 3_ rooms, parlor.
,' dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will rent, sell or exehance. For particulars
write JOHNSON A CARR. Monterey. Cal.
WANTED— A competent woman to take man-
8g>mcnt of a flrst-rlass family boardlne-
house in Southern California. Address, with
reference*, box 143. Call offlce. ¦
' HOME IJakery. good location. Oakland, cor.
! 34ih and Peralta rts. ; all new; price *175: cost
j J275: owner going away.
i WANTED— Gentleman with $:0C0 to Invest in a
j liu«lntss tfiat will pay 100 per cent. Box 159,
Call.
O'FARRrLL, 404— As eld established shoe shop
for sale; a rare chanoe; call at once.
SHOE thep for sale: jrood opportunity; fine lo-
cation. 2007H Fillmore stl
FIRST-CLASS shoe shnp; good prices; good
work: on account of sickness. 332 Bush st.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; on Geary st,
Apply 2 O'Farrell st.
FOR sale— Saloon; good business; cause, sick-
ness. Inquire 44 Second 6t.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
XV. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st,
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LOUGIAG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
$l?P0-PNAP: 36 rooms; all rented; flne loca-
tion: near Market st. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
CAMPAIGN PWOTO nUTTOjNS.
MF'Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CAHI'1-T BEATING AXD CLEAX1.NG.
WHEN vou become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Wcrks, 2.">3-357 Teharr.a St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet- Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St. ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUnEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest ratei.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
FTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGE'S ANIJ WAGOXS.
; ONE double rubber-tire buggy; one single
j buggy; very eheai>. 1009H Sutter st.
I ALL kinds of wagons, bupcles. carts, harness,
i etc., cheap. EGA>" & SON. 2U7 Mission at.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Val°ncla-
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEOROE XV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency. In-
corporated: money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
1 A LARGE sunny 6-room modern cottage In
East Oakland; high baaement; corner lot, SOx
135; flne grounds and fruit trees; location
Al: 6 minutes' walk to local station. H. H.
COLBY. Express offlce. East Oakland.
$12— COMFORTABLE sunr.y cottage, 6 rooms;
yard. Railway ave., off Dolores st. ; key at
£57* Seventeenth st.
COTTAGES WAJITED.
WANTED— Furnished ccttage or 4 or 5 rooms
and bath by family of three- in Alameda; con-
to station. Box 1SS. Call offlce.
Sl'IUITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. X58 Mis-
sion St.; readings dally, 25c, 50c and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening. 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c and 50c. 15S1 Market St.,
near Twelfth.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. £58 Mis
sion; R. P., 25c, r.Oc and Jl: circle Tuesdays,
Thursdays. Saturdays and Sunday eve., 10c.
MME. MARQUISE. S Hyde st.. nr. McAllister;
circle to-night. 10c; skeptics invited; sit. daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS KOTTElt, 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, I
& 8 p. m.; 10c: sittings dally; G. *1: L. 50c.
WTLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays Included.
MRS.J.l. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting $1. 1104 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I 16 rwiges. In wrapper, for mailing. SI p-r year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c;
gents $1: palm. & clair.: sit. $1 10. 126 Turk st.
KME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted '74 stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason St.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice; fee
25c up. S23 Mission St.. nr. 4th; ring bell.
! MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op.Mlnt.
SJME HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
I MME ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader. 25c. 5 Seventh et.: no sign.
MMF-.August, clairvoyant card reader*, palmls- !
j try; truth or no pay; 2Sc & 50c. 114? Mission. ;
i MMIl SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
j Fittings dally. 212H S'xth st. . :
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
j advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MM K. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 25c: ladl-s. 914 O'Farrell st.
DEJITISTS.
i AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: t»eth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
! $3 50 up; plates, extractions fre^. *4 50 up; of-
i' flee hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 3 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns plates, bridges
an<l fillings: extraction or filling by my won-
derTul secret, palnl-rs method: 20 jears* ex-
perience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEIC 20 O'Farrell «-.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charee for extracting when plates are
mvle: old plates made over like new; teeth
| from ts per set: extracting. SOo; gas given.
j PLATES from *5: "crowns. *J SO: fllllng-. 50c.
| Chlcaro Dental Parlor?, 24 Sixth nU .\,
I PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 E_e*rn*f, cor. Bush—
j Full set of t*eth. t*: crowns, fi: fillings. 25c.
i VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evening and Sun-
i days. 1001 M-rket St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plute. DR. H. G.
1 YOrXG. 1S41 Polk st.
i CHEAPEST and best In America— The We»kly
Call. H ptges, s»nt to any address In the
United Platen or Canada one year for $1.
; DOG HOSPITALS.
i Dor Hospital. Post.. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50: nil
animals treated; dogs boarded. TcL West 636.
DR. CREEL Y"S C. P. marge cureand,worm pills
by druggists or wt hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ItEMOVED-^Mcbowell nressniaklngrMililuery
School to 1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
S. F. Dressmaking. Lndles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.. dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
itME. REMBERT. 5.10 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure. .
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
iae. plnktnc 121 Poet, over O'Connor&MoSatt.
— - -j
EDUCATIONAL.
A YRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life I
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters. '
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin St.:
the coming school: thorough: up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, dec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER XA1LLEN SCHOOL. 933. Market.
AMATEUR carvers will tret designs and art
cabinet work prepared. 801 Ellis st.'
(-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand:
Val Deasy. court reporter. 612 Hearst' bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.,
S. F.; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: establ. over 10 years; all kinds»help.
<21 Post, near Powell; telephone Burn 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell ; tel. Clay S6.
ORPHEUM Employment /Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. gutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806V. Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EJII'LOVJIKM' WASTED KEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly; can do any kind; good
housecleaner; would gro by day or any way.
242H Minna st., downstairs, not In rear.
YOUNG German girl wants position as cham-
bermaid in city hotel; please state wages;
will answer postal card. 322 Rltch st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework: good cook; city orTOun-
try. 10 Stockton place, off Grant ave.
A GERMAN lady ; wishes position washing or
housecleanlng by the day. 7 Oakwood St..
off Eighteenth.
AN American woman wishes work by day,
washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Box 190,
Call.
A GERMAN woman wishes washing. Ironing
and housecleanlng by the day. Call at 2H>Vj
Rltch St., In rear, bet. Bryant and Brannan.
SJ2AMSTRESS: understands dressmaking; will
sew $1 day and lunch. Box 147. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE woman wants washing and
housecleanlng by the day. Box 189, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist in
housework. Call after 10 a. m., 951 Mission.
GOOD washer and lroner wants family wash-
lng to do at^ home. Call 511 McAllister Bt.
A STRONG young woman wants work at sec-
ond work or housework, city or country.
Please call 924*4 Florida St.. bet. 21st and 22d.
YOUNG woman wishes housework by the day.
136 Hayes st.
WANTED— By a middle-aged American lady,
position as housekeeper in small family. Call
at 14 McAllister et., room 8.
GERMAN woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. Call 12 Falmouth st.. off Folsom.
between Fifth and Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker wishc* en-
gagements by the day In private families; tai-
lor suits specialty. Address 2116 Howard st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission St.. room 1.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 £0 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A COMPETENT German and wife desire situ-
ations; understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A PRACTICAL dry and sweet wine maker; 20
years' experience; best references: wants sit-
uation. Address Wlnemaker, care of F. W.
GRABAU. 417 Bush st., San Francisco.
AN educated young man from the East, nged
23, desires light employment of any kind In
return for board; local references given. Ad-
dress box 2797. Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG man would like position In offlce or
mercantile house at any wages; no experience.
Box 152. Call offlce.
A STRONG young boy. aged IS years, wants a
situation as a delivery wagon driver; is well
acquainted with the city and can handle
horses well; references and security can be
had if required. Address 718 Valencia st.
YOUNG Frenchman (cannot speak English)
wishes position in wholesale house or private
family; Is handy and willing; references.
Call or address ilOO Foleom st.
HONEST, energetic High School student desires
to Increase his Income by employment from 4
to 9 p. m. and Saturdays; age 17. Address
635 Park ave.. East Oakland.
WANTED — By a man holding a responsible po-
sition, a set of books to poet two or three
hours a day. Box 139. Call.
STRONG boy of 16 wishes position of any kind
with board and lodging and reasonable wages.
Box 115. Call offlce.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla »t.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071V, Market (rear Seventh); examination
freef German eye water by mall. 50c; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt
EXTENSION OF PROTEST ,
EXTENSION OF PROTEST.
CAPTAIN CLEMENS HOEVER. master cf
the German ship "I. C. Pfluger" (Q. F. D.
K.). will extend his protest on WEDNES-
DAY. July 25. 1900. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at
the offlce of the Imperial German Consulate
In this city. 318 Sacramento street.
Ban Francisco. July 21, 1900.
O. LOHAN.
Imperial German Vice-Consul.
FLATS TO LET.
100 flats, houses^A? M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mkt.
909 Buchanan f.Br.$13 793 Halght f.6r.».5
417 Jones f.6r.$2S 346 'Waller ...f.6r.$20
72 Webster ..f.6r.»2r. 397S ISth f.5r.$l«
1611 Clay f.4r.J.S 3343 20th f.5r.$15
3100 California; grocery store & flat above, $C0. j
DOLORES St.. between Twenty-third and i
Twenty-fourth; fine flat of 6 rooms and bath;
key there.* Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.,
Real Ef'ate Agents, 630 Market st.
GUERRERO, bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth:
flne fiat; sun in every room; key there; 6
rooms and bath: rent only $25. Apply to C.
S. CAPP &¦ CO., Real Estate Agents, 630
Market st.
A — 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 8 rooms
and bath each; $25 and $28. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave^
A— S-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern ltnprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
A NICE sunny upper flat; 4 rooms; newly pa-
pered: $10. 110 Perry St.. near Third.
A BUNNY upper flat: 4 rooms; In grood condi-
tion. 711 Harrison St.; tlO.
A FINE sunny upper flat; 6 rooms and bath;
$16. 41 Langton fit. ; •
BRUCE place. 87 — Flat of four rooms; rent $8.
Inquire at S3 Bruce place. ¦
CALIFORNIA, 2911— Upper sunny flat; 7 rooms:
al«o finished room In basement.
FIFTEENTH. 1876, nr. Dolores — Sunny baywln-
dow flat: 7 rooms, bath: house 5 rooms, stable.
FINK lower sunny 3-room flat; $10; cheap; 3
Plni" place, off Pino pt.. nenr Mason.
FLAT nf 4 rooms; »11. 816 Dolores st.
FLAT to let: 4 rooms: large yard and base-
ment; rent cheap. S21 Tenth «t.
FLAT. 6 rooms, kitchen, dining, room, yard,
to let. 1226 Polk, corner Bush. -
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
IVY AVE.. 60. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat; four. rooms. ',
SUNNY desirable flats: Oak and Laguna sts.:
7. 8 and 9 rooms; rent -reasonable. Apply
MADISON/- BURKE. ¦ -
TURK, 620B— Sunny flat, 4 rooms; large base-
ment, rent $12; no children. *
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat; nice clean" sunny tenement; 5
rooms; bath; modern improvements. 202
Francla st.
JIG— LOWER flat. 5 rooms. 742 Folsom St.. near
Fourth. y
$22 10— MODERN flat, 8 rooms, bath: newly
grained; first-class. 1128 Howard, nr. Seventh.
J100.000 TO loan ¦ on diamonds, watches, seal-
Bklna. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage paid. ¦
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GROVE, 818, near Fillmore— Furnished flat of
« large, sunny rooms; piano; front and side
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON fc BURKK.
FlIRMTURB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE bedding, etc., of 3 rooms for
sale cheap. 816 Division St.. below Fol-
som, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Call after 5:30 p. m. or Sundays.
PRIVATE sale of furniture owing to Immedi-
ate departure to Honolulu. 734 Guerrero at.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for J4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
JiOOO worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market: tel. Folaom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— A large number of girls for cook-
Ing and housework and second work; also a
large number of waitresses too numerous to
advertise. J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter et.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL ORDERS
8 waitresses, Santa Fe eating house, $20, free
transportation, see party here; 2 waitresses,
same springs, J20, call early: waitress and
chambermaid to wait, same springs, $20 each,
see party here; 10 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, $20 and $25, many of them fare paid; 2
waitresses, city, J20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
$20; pastry cook. J35
FAMILY ORDERS
Housegrirls, Santa Cruz. $20; Belvedere, $20;
Antioch. $20; Berkeley. $20; Sonoma County.
$20; Alameda. J26; Sulsun, J20; San Rafael.
J15; 3 cooks. $30; 'nurseglrl. Belvedere, J20;
nurse, Fresno, $20, see party here; German or
Scandinavian housekeeper, San Jose. $15; sec-
ond girl, city, $15; French girl as second girl,
J20; German seamstress and waitress, $20:
housekeeper. Institution for children, J25, and
E0 other good places, city and country, for
housegirls, ranch cooks, private family cooks,
nurses, etc.. etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
¦ Geary st. ,
COOK, boarding house, Alameda County, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— COOK and second girl, same house, city,
J25 and $20; boarding house cook, Vallejo, $2.1:
boarding house cook. Lake County, $20; work-
ing housekeeper, city. $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter _t-
GERMAN nurse city, $25. MISS, CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A— TWO chambermaids and waitresses. Boulder
Creek. $20 each; 2 waitresses, Hanford. $23
each: 6 waitresses, city, $20 and $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
work: highest wages paid: apply Immediate-
ly. U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison
ave . bet. Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
WANTED— Experienced canners: steady work:
Highest wages paid. Apply immediately. The
U. S. Fruit Packing Co., Harrison »t., off
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
WOMEN and girls: preparing and canning
fruit; steady. work; good wages. Apply Call-
fornlan Canneries Co.. Brannan St., between
Third and Fourth.
WANTED— A competent young girl for general
housework; a good cook; 3 in family; city
references required; wages $20. Call at north-
west, corner of Taylor st. and Broadway on
Monday, between 10 and 4 o'clock.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
A WOMAN as saleswoman In bakery: experi-
enced lady preferred. 2232 Mission st., Whee-
land's twkery.
GIRL for housework; German preferred: ho
children: four persons; $15 a month. 2OOS"t4
Bryant st.
GIRL wanted for general housework: must be
* good cook; pay $25. Apply after 10 o'clock
1414 Post st., between Gough and Octavia.
GIRL. German preferred: general housework:
small family. Call mornings. 2*67 Howard st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and housework; small
family: 9-12 a. m. 1S10 Laguna st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; good button-
hole maker: well paid. 956 Mission St.
STRONG young girl, assist In housework; 2 In
family; no washing. 1032 Ellis st.
YOUNG Protestant girl for general housework
and cooking; wapfes $20. 1125 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — A young girl to assist In house-
work. 10S0 Mission st.
GIRL to cook and assist In housework. 2323
Bush st.
WANTED-^-GIrl, general housework, cooking;
small family; $15. 1216V. Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A girl for housework. Apply 72 Te-,
ha ma st.
GIRL for general housework; must be good
cook. Call bet. 10 and 12, 1601 Post; reference.
1 WANTED — Young girl for general housework:
plain cooking. Apply forenoon, 2207 Webster.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 62S
Montgomery St., room 3S, fourth floor.
WANTED — Woman to clean halls mornings for
use of 2 unfurnished rooms. 342 Kearny st.
A FINISHER wanted on custom coats; also
apprentice. 461 Jeesle st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
_Z_Z £_
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV!
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32»_ Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Experienced canners: also women
and girls to work on fruit: highest wages
paid at CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO., |
Tenth and Bryant streets.
LADY solicitors 'wanted for country and city:
salary and percentage; in good paying busi-
ness. F. I. Co., Columbian bidg., room 40.
WANTED— A woman past 30 to manage 'a
country business; must be Industrious and of
good character. Box 161, Call.
A YOUNG lady for bookkeeping: must be -ex-
perienced and a good penman. S. N. WOOD
& CO. 718 Market st. .
LADY solicitors wanted 'for country and city
In- good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO.. room 40. Columbian building. •
EXPERIENCED- typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H . box 1S24, Call offlce.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches, Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
and stock shirts; steady em'ymt. 635 Valencia.
GIRL— Assist housework and plain cooking.
Monday. 312 Fillmore st.
WANTED — Saleslady for bakery; one who can
wait at table. 1410 Polk st.. near Pine.
YOUNG girl to assist in light hr.usework. 827
Hayes st. . - ,
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' capes;
good pay. MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery.
SMALL elrl for light housework; good home-
wages S5. 787 Stevenson St.. oft Ninth.' "
MILLINERY— First-class trimmer wanted.
Apply MINNIE GORMAN. 402 Ellis st.
COOK and 2 second girls, same house; wages
$30. $25. $20. MRS. CATTELL. 523 Eighth _t.
Oakland.
GIRL for general housework: 3 adults and 1
child In fanflly; wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
AN experienced chambermaid; must wait at
table once a day; small hotel. ' 293 H>de 8t.
APPRENTICES an overalls. STANDARD
¦ SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Women nnd girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. between 13th and '14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on .silk waists; $10
a wenk. Livingston Mfg. Co.. 226 Bush ¦ st.
GIRLS wanted, bookblndery. BUSWELL CO.,
536 Clay gt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and. subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been .established at- 1096
Valencia'- at. '¦ • •
HELP . WANTED— -MAXE.
POULTRY farmer and wife. *50; Swiss milker.
$30; farmers; Swiss gardener. $30; 6 carpen-
• ters, $3 25 day; 3 bricklayers, J3 day: 3 brick-
layer's helrers, 13 day: machinists, $3 to $3 50
. day; lronmolders. *3 25 to $3 50 day: 5 black-
smiths for country shops and wagon work.
$2 50. $3 and $4 day; 9 miners. $2 50 and $3
day and J40 and board; laborers for mine, $30
and board; 2 muckers. $2 day: wheelwright.
$2 75 day; carnage painter, $2 50 day; stable-
man for business horses. . J13 Sff week; tank
cooper, $2 50 to $3 day, and others. J. F.
CROSETT Acency. 62S Sacramento st.
TEAMSTERS for lumber company, $2 30 day:
60 laborers for railroad work, go to-day, fare
paid; 6 laborers. Jl 50 day and board; 10 la-
borers about mill and woods. $30 and board,
go to-day, fare advanced: 20 stout laborers,
$40 and board, call early; woodsmen of all
kinds at good wages; 10 woodchoppers for
mine, and others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
-?62S Sacramento st. ~ •
A-MUP.RAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIN 5S43
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington. Arizona. Oregon, Nevada. Brit-
ish Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
And no other, expenses to Reno (Nev.) Dlst.
Lost Angeles Dist Truckee Dlst.
Santa Barbara Dlst Shasta Dist.
Salt Lake City Dist Crows Landing Dlst.
Santa Cruz Dist Newman Dlst.
Dunsmuir Dist Bakersfleld Dist.
Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dist.
San Luis Dist Surf Dlst.
Special to Shasta County Dlst..
Redding Delta Dunsmuir
and other points ' good wages
and other places; we ship free free
COME ONE-COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
o.uarrymen, splkers, section hands, tunnelmen,
steel gangs, etc.. wages $3. $2 50, $2 25, $2, Jl 75
day and free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men daily to
go to different railroads. Why? Because it
costs only Jl fee: no other expenses; come see
free free
MURRAY & READY. 634-636. Clay St.
A— 35 CARPENTERS to build large flume
20 laborers to handle hammer, etc J30 to $40
and found '.
153 miners, gold, silver and other mines, $90,
$75, $50 and found
15 muckers $60
fireman, gold mine. J60: crowd going to mines:
5 men to work In warehouse $40 and found
261 laborers to work at different mines, $50,
$48, $40 and found, no experience required,
you'll suit
6 machine miners, gold mine *90
187 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $35, $30,
$25 and found; 32 choremen and boys
63 harvest hands $2 50. $2 a day and found
47 milkers and butter-makers ."
J35. J40 J30 and found
197 men to work In sawmills, woods, etc., we
pay youp fares, $95, $90, $80, $75, $60, $55, $50.
$43, $40, $35, $30, $28 and found
136 tlemakers, woodchoppers, tools and food
found. J2 50 to $1 a cord, 13c to 10c each; woods
foreman; sawmill foreman, boss here; gang
edgerman, screw turner, boss here; sheep
herders; men for hay presses
37 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., $45, $40, $55, $30 and found
3S6 laborers and teaniBters for all parts of Cal-
ifornia. $2 50. $2 25. $2, $t 75 a day; many for
city positions and board home.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL help 2 Bridge Builders
Carpenters for a Vineyard Co
2b blacksmiths, horseshoers, wood workers,
helpers, etc., J2, $2 50 a day to $60 and found;
coremaker and other mechanics; wagon-mak-
er, $3 day; wheelwright.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENTS
Chef and second cook, country hotel, $85 and
found; 25 cooks, city and country places, $30,
$35, $40 to $00 and found; first and p-<*ond head
bakers and helpers, J60, $40, 135 £.,¦;. $30 and
found; shop and slaughter-house batchers,
etc., $C0, $40, $30 and found; laundry help and
others.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AGAIN We ray Your Fare 365 Men
for the sawmills and woods, no experience re-
quired, $26 to $40 and found fare paid
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME down and get our list of 7263 Jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st.
A FREE FARE
8 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $3 to
$3 25 day
4 steel bridge men. $3 25 to $3 50 day. 24 la-
borers to truck, etc.. city Job. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63S Clay St.
A WAREHOUSE WORK FREE FARE
15 laborers, boss here, see him. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANEEN & CO 104 Geary st.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally ..Ofllce ¦ fee . Jl Free fare
10 coal miners, 12 50 day, fare advanced; 13
men to handle grain. 25c hour, free fare; 20
woodsmen. $26 to $45; 10 miners and machine
men. $2 50 to $3; blacksmiths, wheelwrights,
farmers, milkers, choremen and others. .
v .. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waflfleman, country hotel, $40 and free fare;
second cook, $40; dishwasher, J3\ /or same
springs; second cook, springs, J55; baker's
helper, for springs. $35 and free fare both
ways; 2 bell boys, country hotel, $15 and free
fare
Polisher, $40 and found; man to back shirts,
J40 and found, hotel laun*3ry, free fare both
ways. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO > 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED: Monday morning; at 7:30. with
blankets ready to start for train, 50 laborers
for S. P. Co. work at Surf, Cal
$2 a day Board $4 a week Free Faro
C. R. HANSEN* & CO 104 Geary st.
DISHWASHER, hotel. Santa Cruz, J3O; pot-
washer, Paso Robles, $30: dishwasher. Pacific
Grove, $30; washer, hotel laundry, country,
$30; camp waiter, $25 and fare paid for above.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED
Night nurse for Institution, , country, $30,
board, room and washing.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Carriage blacksmith for Oregon, $3 a day and
fare paid: blacksmith's helper, ranch/ $30;
blacksmith's helper, mine. J2 a day; 2 ma-
chine miners. $3 a day; single-hand miners.
$2 50 a day; machine driller, quarry. $2 50 a
day; 3 laborers, quarry, near city, $25 and
found: 2 car men. mine, $2 a day: 2 laborers,
mine, J2 a day: milker, $30; milk 10 cows and
make butter, J30; 6 men handy with tools, $40
and found; woodchoppers, different places,
and all kinds of wood; farmer and wife, $40;
cook, Nevada, $45 and free fare.
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. lOt 7th: tel Jessie 152.
WANTED — Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good charcter; between the agea
• of 21 and 33 yenrs; not less than 5 feet 4
lnch»3'and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak Enclirh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 10 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K
St.. Facramento. Cal.. or 105S J st..Fresno,Cal.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; from 6
to S weeks' constant practice; commission
while learning: transportations pntd; special
inducements until Ausrust ' 1. Address GOR-
DON'S BARBER COLLEGE, 417 North Main
St., Los Angeles.
WANTED— Competent manager for cloak de-
partment: state experience, references, age
and salary expected; good prospects for cap-
able man. Apply box 185. Call offlce.
WANTED— 3 young men about 20 years old to
do office work: must/be good penmen and
accurate at figures; give references, state sal-
ary expected nnd age. Apply box 187. Call.
A YOUNG man under 20 for dry goods and fur-
nishings: call to-day or to-morrow. A. B.
THOMSON. San Rafael.
RELIABLE man to work on poultry ranch, un-
derstanding care of poultry; wages $25. Apply
4C5 Tenth St., Oakland, room 5.
STRONG boy to wash dishes at night; wages
$5 per week. 212 O'Farrell st.
DENTIST, good all-round man at once; good
wages. Address box ISC. Call.
OLD man to distribute bills. Call at 12 o'clock.
112 Taylor st., second floor, room 20.
WANTED— A good boy IS or 20 years old; learn
a good trade. 303 Mission St. 1
BARBER *hop for sale. 1026 Hyde at.
TINSMITH wanted. J. H. BLAKEWAY. 305
Howard st.
WANTED— Second cook. Apply Romer's Vien-
na Cafe Kitchen, upstairs in rear, 205 Kearny.
RELIABLE man, $75 month: *150 required. Ap-
ply S73 Market St.. room 12.
BARKEEPER wanted: German preferred. 1053
Market st. ; call after 11 a. m.
WANTED — A good short -order dinner waiter at
304 Mason st.; wages J3 50 a week. ¦
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. W'M. SCHULZ
& SON, 1192 Folsom St.. near Eighth.
DISHWASHER wanted: must carry trays. 37
Eddy st. • ¦ : '
BARBER— Good man wanted. 128 Geary st.
PORTER at 19 Powell Bt.
BARBER shop of 2 chairs, also two living
rooms In rear/ for sale cheap; sickness cause.
863 Bryant St.* ~ t ' ¦
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale. 1 Spear St.,
near Market
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches,'. Jewelry.
sealskins. - UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
• price. ; 662 Mission St.. • bet. . 1st and 2d ata.
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
tendent at the mines or to the company.^
WAVTED-By established, well-rated firm
tigate Box 254. Detroit. Mich.
tie. Wash. .
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
r^ms^ Per night: 81 to W per week.
: A PRACTICAL man capable
of a small steam laundry: i near the_ ««£ '«
erences necessary. Address box — . t«u.
SMART boy K to 17 years old w ™ t ? d wa °_ e wo $ r £
in lactory: one not afraid of ™*-.,7 a E?u
to $U per month. Address box 134. Call.
BARBERS-Flrst-class shop In town ofj MO^
for sale cheap; shaving 25c. DECKEUUA
BROS.. 10* Ellis St. _______-———
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting £5c to
50c. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and id sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: smaU
wares while learning: c^aloKue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamster 5.- *£?!*.
early Monday at 527 nth st. "'« r ° u " rrero '
San Francisco Constructlcn Company.
SAILORS, ordinary *«™« n "v-^s^sl'-u'-.'rV
all parts of world. HERMAN S. 26 bteuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, layer; «
years 'practice: Examiner biag.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. neaj;.^?!:
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room. fre«
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call » d ,y e _' t ' sctnen * s . ?° d
sub?rrlptions has bee,n established at RSo \ a-
lencla st. -I->V-, .
HOllSKS. t-IVJS STUCK. Ktc For •»»*•
40 HORSES for ' sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTV8. 2170 Market St.; Castro-
st. cars paw the door^ ¦•':'-
HORSE for sale: saddle or buggy. MRS. DU-
MAS.. 1800 Howard St., from 9 to 12 a. m.
FOR sale— 2 eitra nW carriage teams. DAL-
Z1EL. Vet, Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— Nice road animal, bike buggy and
harness. Nevada Stables. 1350 Market st.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap: best In city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
nouses to let.
A — PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
DEV1SADERO. D-l-^Iouse. S rooms and bath.
basement, yard; modern.
MINNA. 69. sunny side— 8 rooms; fresh patnted
and papered: rent cheap.
IIOUSI-JS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house of 10 or 12 rooms
for six months or longer; must be modern:
north of Pine and east of Devlsadero sts. Ad-
dress M. R.. box 1*3. Call office.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— On Sixth or Clementina sts., a lady's
small plain gold watch with K. M. engraved.
Return to 433 Clementina st.; liberal reward.
LOST— Collie pup with license. the
Hatter." 1015 Market st.; $5 reward.
LOST— A black shepherd dog: short tall: an-
swer name Duke; reward. Return 41S Grove.
IF the Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington St.. Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
6-carat diamond ring to me immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONG PO CHI.
PASSBOOK Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, with name THOMAS DUNNE cr
CATHERINE DUNNE. No. 201-2.7. _• lnder
will please return to bank.
LOST— A pearl sunburst breastpin, diamond
center. Finder please return 1232 Eddy sc.
and receive reward.
MONET advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from $1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS*.
15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market St.— Relia-
ble ladles' and gents* specialists: 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flce; ladles treated can return home- the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five I-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $5, positive cure; home for patle'it* be-
fore and during confinement ;. skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confiden-
tial; hours, 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sunda>«, 10 to
2. 446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and HyOr.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELLL, .the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023*4 Market st. '
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;'
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
success; IS years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home: low fees. 10071. Market St.. near Sixth.
A STRICTLY private, secluded residence, away
from crowded thoroughfares and the public
gaze, for the treatment of women: confine-
ment cases taken. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141*
Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable sp-clallst: 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
offlce. $5; any ailment; consultation fre#: con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet, Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladles* special-
lst; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 740 Sacramento. cor. Kearny ;ad vice free.
DR. WISE^ — The only genuine ladies* special-
ist. Office". 111S Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st,
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and _econd-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand.
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready maue:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A BEAUTIFUL pair solitaire diamond screws
weighing 2*+ carats; pure white; for only J105:
original cost $200. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant avenue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. #n-
Kines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITE LAW: 218 Spear St.
A BEAUTIFUL ring containing 2 diamonds
and emerald for $42: Is a bargain at $70.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington typewriter in
fine order. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. '
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pin*.
FOR sale, cheap; counters, shelving and show-
cases. . Apply 61*> Stevenson st. No agents.
6000 FEET 2d-hand pipe, black and straight.
H-c per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver st.
EO OOO-GALLON redwood tank and frame; 1000
feet 4-Inch casing. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
HOUSE painters' complete outfit; staging and
ladders. See PAINTER. 340 Third St., r 7.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard dog for «ale.
MS|_ Ninth -t.
GREYHOUND puppies, 2 or 14 months old. by
St. Lawrence: reasonable. 2765 Twenty-second.
FIRST-CLASS combination Dool table for sale.
1530 Kentucky at.
ONE black and tan pup for sale; 4 old onea to
let on shares. 713 Mission st.
ALL sizes engines and boilers bought and sold.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 9 Stevenson St. '
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline en*. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: drtss pants. 42 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4~ Montgomery at.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model: cheap. Typewriter exchange, 403 Cal.
FULL. line cameras and photo supplies: selling
. cheap, W. A.. HARTTER. »13 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$75: concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. .133 Beaie.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and br_r«-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main gt.
MAGIC lanterns. Dew and second-hand: rnovlns
pictures. BULLARD &. BRECK. 1S1 Post -t.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California at «
— FOR SALE.
SAFE« New and second-hand. THE HEU-
MA.N.V SAFE CO.. 417-423 bacramento at.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sl2es. THS
WALTZ SAFE. 109-11 1 Market St.. San Fran
MlSCELX.Al<t:O*LS WAWS.
WANTED— 200 one or two-yrar-old heifers;
must be dairy stock and free from disease;
state n^trtlcula— >¦ Addre-^ box 127. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand barber chain. GOR-
DON'S BARBER COLLEGE. Los Angeles.
A^lOO H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JAKDLN'E. 220 Fremont 3t.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big. prlcea for.
PORTLAND, LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHKX. 157 Third: tel. Black 412}
31O.M-V TO LOAT..
ANT^mo-nTa't « per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business els«-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 2* Montgomery, r. 1
AMY proposition, any amount; S per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages life Insurance. Room 16. flrat
floo" Chronicle bldg. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1S44. Branch 13 Third st.
OX real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO..2S Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and «3. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest 'price for old geld, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9, respectable pnvata
place to borrow on watohes. diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount on furniture- and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no com. Rm. 81. 6 Eddy.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tougley Co.. 321 Parr ott big.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy gt.
A \Y sum 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H MURPHT, «30 Market St.. solves all kinds cf
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. fttt Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister St.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL KSTni'JIENTS.
r^OOD~uprighTrirood for beginner; J65.
1 Neuman upright; rosewood case; $135.
1 Fischer upright; the genuine make: $155.
1 Sterling upright: walnut case: $225.
1 Vo_e upright: good aa new; $275.
1 Pease upright; used ( months; $245.
1 Weber; walnut case; a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case: a snap.
Easy payments: gilt-edge guarantee.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-13-20 O*Fa— -ell st.
AS we represent the best make of pianoa la
every grade from Steinway dow ~n to low-
priced makes, and as our install— cent pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $6 cash. $6 per
month: other pianos, $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
EMERSON'. $75; Guild. $100: N'ewhall. $130; Em-
erson, $175; all great bargains; come early;
they won't stay long. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
76D Market st.
UNTIL August 1 we offer all goods at special
reductions to make room for new Ptc-k no-
ordered. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 OTarrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every.
thlr.er possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to 933
Market St., between Fifth and Sixth, next tc
Hale Bros.; reduction sale will continue for
two weeka to make room fcr new stock; open
evenings, agency for the celebrated Shoninget
& Bchning pianos. New York.
A VERY flne upright piano, nigh grade, orljr-
lnal price $CCO, offered at a srreat sacrifice on
account of illness. Room 10. Flood building.
CLOSING out; fifteen planoa and organs at
your own prices this week only. SPENCER'S,
ISIS Market st.. above Van Ness ave.
NEW piano for ST73: cost $400; must sell In I
days. 1614 Golden Gate ave.
FINE upright Steinway for $230. KEEFFE'S.
933 Market St.. next to Hale's.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hard— lan, Conover and other pianos.
SOHMF.R & CO.. Byron Maury. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 30R Post St.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Go_>d piano cheap; Installment $]
per month. WTHMITZ. IS McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week foi
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER. «2 Sacramento St.. agent foi
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planoa.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway 1 Chlckerlng. «90; Installment!
t5 to $10; rent $2 up. HEIXES. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos. $3 payments;
for rent. $3 up. BRUKNN. 2^ Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
SUTTER. 2243. near Scott: 3 years established
fruit store or suitable butcher shop; larg«
store: 2 living rooms: stable.
FOR rent — Elegant offices and rooms In Y. St
C. A. bldg. : all modern Imps. ; rents very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; 25x140)
rent reasonable. 328 Hayes at.
MME Neergard, Pres. St, Germain Collegs ol
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. 618 Geary, nr. Jones.
PARTXERS WA.NTED.
PARTNER for family dining-room and restau-
rant; lady preferred: small capital required.
Box 181. Call.
" PERSONALS.
A REFINED lady of European birth would
like to make the acquaintance of a g-entlema-
of 50; must have some means. Address bo_
191. Call office.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader
S50 Market st., second floor, room 37.
LEIjEREK. the popular hairdresser, uses and
sells also Quintcnica Hair Tonic. 33c bot..
and Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-cov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed;*
prlcea defy competition; flne upholstery.
Phone 530?; factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh St.;
first-class cleaning and dyeing:. 403 Suttei
St.. San Francisco.
PARALYSIS positively cured: also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases, lung diseases, ossifica-
tion, cancer, consumption, stiff Joints: n»
drugs: no kulfe: consultation free. DR. L. J
STRATTOX. 507. 5C8. 503 Parrott building.
LEDEKKR, the popular hairdres-er, has a sp*^
clnl sale on of |2 swltche." for $1; Mond«j
only. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — W.lnchestei
Hotel 44 Third _t.. near Market; 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferr y.
SUITS to order on Installments; J15 upward;
Jl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA, wonderfully gifted healer. 31
Kearny St.. room 11. cures nervousness. In-
somnia, blindness. Bright's disejise. rupture
LBDEREK dr**se* the hair ;n the most elega-i;
• styles for only 25c; try him.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ave.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; U
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st <
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7; reliable and con-
fidential: lists, 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 7C« Ellis st
LECERER sells Schemer's Colorine; restorei
the natural color to the hasr: 73c box.
LADIES' and trenta' caat-cJT clothini? bought .*
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, coppei
ware: curios, all descriptions. \525 Dupont st
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restore* sraj
hair to Ita natural color. Jl: at all druggists
CAST-OFF clnthirg.ol.l gold and silver bought;
•end postal. COLEMAN'S. 5C6 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, phntosrrapher. KC6 Pacific av«..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steliwr 3301
niYSICIAXS AXD Sl'RGKO.YS.
DR. CRANSTON, the greaT specialist, haa re^
sumed practice at 12CS Market, cor. Taylor,
offices IS and -g; take elevator.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021'. Market st, bet. Sixth and S event..TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
Weather Report.
(120th Mertdian-Pnclflc .Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 22. 5 p. m.
Th,e following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60ILos Angeles 92
Mount Tamalpals 69]Sacramento go
Independence S6;San Luis Oblspo 78
Red Bluff S3;San Diego S4
Fresno 9S|
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
66; minimum, 54: mean. 60.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. • ¦--*".
Fair weather prevails west of the Rocky
Mountains, except cloudy and threatening over
the plateau region. Light rain is reported from
Carson City and Salt Lake City. -
A thunderstorm Is reported from Salt Lake
City. .
The pressure has risen over the Pacific slope.
The temperature haa risen over the southern
portion of the Pacific slope and fallen over the
northern. The temperature is slightly below
the normal throughout California.
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer
weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight July 23.-1300: ¦ .
Northern California— Fair; warmer Monday;
light northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; fresh
west wind. . - • • • . •
Nevada — Partly cloudy Monday; In
west i>ortlon.
Utah— Cloudy with showers, followed by fair
Monday; warmer. . . , • .*'-•,'-
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San : Francisco and vicinity — Fair "Monday
warmer: light northwest wind.
G. II. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EfitaBftBB8tt9S9TCSft£9HffiE3MtfssUABBSMBn
ARRIVED.
SAILED.
Sunday, July 22.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going. 26 days 14
hours 14 minutes from Hongkong; from Yoko
hama 15 days 17 hours 12 minutes, via Hono
lulu 5 days 18 hours 2 minutes.
.Stmr Grace Dollar; Dorris, 40 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 23 hours from Moss
Landing, etc.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. 61 hours from San
Die^o, etc.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 13 hours from. Bowens
Landing, with schr Mary Etta in tow.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen, 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Tillamook, Hughes. 17 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Haw bark Himalaya, Dearborn, 23 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Fort
Schr Bender Brothers,, Wetzel, 43 hours from
Fishermans Bay.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 60 hours from Iver
sens Landing. . .
Sehr Mary Etta, Anderson. 13 hours from
Bowens Landing, In tow of stmr Navarro.
Schr Newark. Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, 43 hours
from Stewarts Point. -
Sunday, July 22.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Nanalmo.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Parsons, Astoria.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. .
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound.
Bark Martha Davis. McAlmon. Hllo.
Schr Mary E"Russ, Wikender. .
Schr Del Norte, Jacobson. Chetco.
Echr Czarina, Wallstedt, Unga.
RETURNED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday, July 22.
Schr Free Trade. Thorson. hence July 9. for
Coos Bay, on account of carrying away fore
sail, tcrestay and headgear on July 17. In lat
M 25 N. Ion 126 30 W. In a SW gale. On July
19 Captain Thorson was taken sick and ha« not
been on deck since.
POINT LOBOS, July 22, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 16 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The Br stmr Robert Adamson art-ived at San
Diego July 21 and reports that at 3 a m. July
17, 25 miles off Cape Blanco, she passed an
abandoned lumber-laden schr (probably stmr
Lexuna). It was too dark to make out the
name of the derelict.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived July 22— Stmr Fulton, hnc
July 20: schr Sparrow. hence July 14.
Sailed July 22— Stmra Brunswick and Eureka,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 22-Strar W H
Kruger. henee July 20; schr Laura Madsen.
from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 22— Stmr Excelsior.
from Kodlak; U S stmr Philadelphia, from
Astoria; stmr Willamette, hence July 10.
Sailed July 19— Schr Gen Slglln, for Cooks
Sailed July 21— U 8 stmr Phila
delphia, for Seattle; stmrs Del Norte and Co
lumbia, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
VICTORIA— Airlved July 21— Br stmr Bristol,
from St Michael, and reports slmr Utopia, stmr
Discovery and stmr Morning Star In quarantine
at Ecet Island.
OCEAN STEAMERS
KEW YORK— Arrived July 22— Stmr Caledo
nia, from Liverpool; stmr Furnessla. from
Glasgow and Moville.
Sailed July 23-Stmr Ems. for Naples and
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 22— Stmr Sax
onia. from Boston, tor Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed July 22— Stmr Umbria, from Liverpool,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 22 — Stmr Campa
nia from New York, via Queenstown.
BOSTON— Arrived July 22— Stmr Turcoman,
from -Liverpool. '
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is th»> rnenn of the lower low, waters.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Joseph B. Coryell to John R. Coryell Jr.. lot
on NW corner of Sixteenth (Center) and Ver
mont streets, N 100 by W 25; $10.
William and Julia M. Babcock to Louis
Friedlander, lot on SW corner of Washington
and Baker streets, S 25:4H by W 106:3; $10.
Estate of George A. Raabe (by George- F.
Metzger, Peter Denner and Henry F. W. Scha
fer. executors) . to Minna Rohrer. lot on SE
corner of Twenty-first and Folsom streets, S 70
by E 92:6; J13.000.
Lucy Trimble (Brown) (wife of W. J.) to Pat
rick J. and Mary T. Kielty, lot on S line of
Twenty-first street, 75 W of Chattanooga, W
15 by S 7S; $10. ...
Ferdinand F. Koch to Philopena Scheu, undi
vided fifteenth of lot on SE - line of Mission
street, 175 NE of Sixth, NE 45 by SE 80; ?5.
Edmund L.Koch to same, undivided fifteenth
of samo; $3.
Grace Noonan (or Sister Mary Eulaltus) to
Joseph T. Noonan, lot on E corner of Howard
and RauEch streets. -NE 66 by SE 100; gift.
George W. and Emma Thomas to Joseph L.
Argoud. lot on W line of Eighth avenue, 200 N
of California street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to Virginia C. Hardln, lot on E
line of Nineteenth avenue. 100 N of I street,
N 50 by E 120: $10. .
George W, Corwln to Florence N. Morrow, lot
on E line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 100 S of
J street. S €0 by E 120; $10.
Conrad and Louise Scheerer to J. J. Raue-r,
lot 28, Bernal Homestead Association: $10.
W. L. and .Roberta Rodgers. Nicholas and
Sarah R. Bowden. T. C. and Mary E. Coogan
and Albert E. Crane to Charles Main and E.
H. Winchester, lots 2274 to 22S3 and 2297 to 2306,
Gift Map 4; $10. ,
Alameda County. ' ¦
Robert A. and Mary J. Humphrey to Colum
bian Mutual Building and Loan Association,
lot on E line of Thirty-third (or Nolan) street.
438.55 W of Telegraph avenue, S 123 to S line
of Boston Tract, thence W 36, N 153.2 to S line
of Nolan, thence SE 51.451 to beginning, be
ing portion lots 1 and 2. Boston Tract, Oak
land; grant.
Fablola Hospital Association (a corpora-
tion) and Washington Meeks to Constance A.
Meeks and Blanche T. Heath, lots. 279, 278, 2So,
198 and S part of lot 230, containing SO square
feet being portion Ptat 4, Mountain View Ceme
tery. Oaklapd Township; also lot SI in section
11. Lone Mountain Cemetery. San Francisco, $1.
Mary E. Haydock and Laura S. Meeks to
same, lots 273. 278, 234, 295, 2S6 and S portion lot
280, containing 30 square feet, being portion
Plat 4, Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland;
Township; $L
Fabiola Hospital Association (a corpora
tion) and Washington Meeks to same, lot In
Rural Cemetery. Worcester, Mass, (as re
corded); $1.
Mary E. Haydock to same, lot 11 in section 11,
Lone Mountain Cemetery Association, San
Francisco (as recorded); $1.
Mary E. Haydock and Laura S. Meeks to
same, lot in Rural Cemetery, Worcester, Masa.
(as recorded); $1.
John Mueller to Paul Mager, lot on NW cor
ner of Redwood avenue and Tobler street, N
31.82 by W 120, being lot 18, Map of Lamp
tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emery C. Thurber, Ernest F. and Maggie
Jane Heider (by J. B. Lanktree. commissioner)
to Equity B. and L. Association, lot D, block
A. Oakland View Homestead, Oakland: $1350.
Michael King (as executor of the estate of
Kate West) to Hugh O'Keane, all interest in
lot on SW line of East Seventeenth street. li>0
SE of Fifth avenue, SE 50 by SW 100, block
82, Clinton, East Oakland; $1120.
Sidney McMechen van Wyck Jr. (single) to
Bertha "Monroe Rickoff (single), lot on E line
of Warring street. 50 N of Channing way, N
60 by E 150, lot 2S, Map of Benton property,
Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Baildy to William
C. Xicol. lot on E line of Fifth street, 2S3.35
S of Channing way, S 37.50 by E 136, being lot
24 and S of lot 25. block 133. on Corrected
Map of Avery tract. Berkeley; $5.
Henry 35. Jones to M. E. Church Extension
Society of Oakland (corporation), lots 25, 20
and 27. block 4, Allendale tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
D. G. and Mary J. McKenzie or MacKenzie
to Columbian M. B. and L. Association, all
interest In lot on N line of Railroad avenue,
$0.55 E of Third street, E 30 by N 150. lot 23.
block A. Amended Map of resubdiviiion of
Haight tract. Alameda; $5.
San Francisco Savings Union to George Lack,
lot on S line of Eagle avenue. 100 W of Chapin
street. W 50 by S 150. lots 23 and 24, block 5,
Chapin tract, Alameda; $650.
John and Susan Lester to Mrs. Valeria Annie
Lester lot on S line of Parker street, 282.15 W
of Grove. W 40 by S 130, block G, Crystal
Springs Tract. Berkeley; $200.
Rebecca and M. L. Wurts to Nettle Brown
(wife of O. E.). lots 32 and 33. block 175, on
Map of subdivision of lots 12. 13 and 14 and por
tion of lot 11 of Corrected Map of Snyder Home
stead Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Henry A. Barry (by J. B. Lanktree, commis
sioner) to Jeremiah A. Sullivan, lot on NW
boundary line of Vicente Peralta Reservation,
SO E from E boundary line of Lorln Villa Tract,
S 279.40. E 220, N 375, SW to beginning, Oak
land; $2349.
Emily K. Latham (by George L. Underhill,
attorney) to Karl H. Nickel, lot 21, block H,
Latham Terrace, Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. C. Morris to Ada M. Scranton, lot 100, re
pubdlvislon of block 34, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Elizabeth A. Laursen (widow) .to Enclnal
Building and Loan Association, all Interest In
lot on S line of Division street, 151.63 W at
Lancaster street. S SS.SO. W 60. N 95.38, E 50.51
to beginning, being a portion of lot 4, block 10,
North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1.
Rudolph W. Koch to Henry F. Koch, lot on
W line of Bray avenue. 194.95 NE of Fourteenth
street or new county road Oakland to San Le
andro. N 50 by W 150, being the N 50 feet of
lot 18, map of Bray Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $2500.
James and Bridget O'Brien to James M. Cos
tello lot on E line of Telegraph avenue. 85.40
N of Claremont street, N 65.20, E 42. SE 22,
SW 74, to beginning, portion lot 1, block A,
Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Warren D. Heaton to. Sarah Wylters (wife
of Simon), lot on W line of Broadway, 23:4 N
of Sixth street, N 34 by W 75. being lot 21 and
portion of lots 20 and 22, block 66. Oakland; $10.
Frank A. and Maud Tingley to Belie C.
Keifer. lot on N line ot Plymouth, formerly
College avenue, 46.56 E of Telegraph avenue, E
47.0S, N 10S.67, W 47, S 107.03, to beginning, be
ing lot 36, map of Pacific Theological Seminary
Tract, Oakland; $10.
E. B. and Sarah E. White to Susan Smith,
lot on S line of Mead avenue, 100 W of San
Pablo avenue, W 37.50 by S 125.70. being lot 61
and E Vi of lot 60, map of Mead Park, Oak
land; {10.
E. P. and Vivian P. Vandercook and C. E.
White to W. N. Cowan, lots 1, 2 and 13, block
6, Map of East Oakland Heights, quitclaim
deed. East Oakland; $5.
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
W O Harris. Visalia
Mrs J Fleming, Atwtr
A Fenelly, L Bandos
W S Glbbs & w, Rvsd
E S Hooper. Denver
G Rouse. Riverside
F R Younglove, Rvrsd
C G Rowe," Riverside
Mrs F Haight, S Rosa
Dr J J Tully, Stockton
C L Parker, Bakersfld
M Missiwlch, Virginia
A Hlhn & w. S Cruz
E J Baker & w, Frsno
H Glass, Los Ang
O P Wilson & w. Cinn
W McGlffert, Seattle
J McMurry, Weavervl
E F Frazer, Sacto
J McDonnell. M Park
J Angel, Oregon
A J Cason & w, Colusa
ABC Dowdell, Sacto
E West, St Louis
S Davis. Salt Lake
F K Wilson & w, L An
Mrs A V Miles. L Ang
J Sputz & w. Los Ang
T E Josewiski, Mllwk
E B Folsom. Salinas
H F Lee. Omaha
L Jacobson, Chicago
P W Barnes. Illinois
E Callahan, Illinois
C F Marcy, Riverside
W R Jenkins & w.SJse
Miss Demarest & »is
ter, Brooklyn
PALACE HOTEL
H J Small. Sacto
C D Stevens. NY
Miss Browning. Dawsn
Miss D Browning. Dsn
F H Buck. Vacaville
W H Lamont. Stanfd
W F St Sure, Alameda
T Murphy. Stanford
E Carpenter. Salt Lk
J S Hubba. N Y
F E Palmer, N T
H Williams, Salt Lake
C A Hedden. N Y
W E Dene USA
L Rhaw, USA
A Chaffey & w, L Ang
a W Clarke, N T
R Wessex, London
W J Hill. Redding
Dr B U Ward. U S N
W J Cartarf. Denver
W C Stubbs, New Or
E S Rowley, L Ang
T E Ewlnr. L An*
E H Stewart. Wash
C A LoeMer. Wash
E Mounton. Riverside
S R Vicknor, Balto
W Batchelor, Chicago
J J Kay Jr. L An*
G W Klnnon. Balto
T Wlnturn, Winturn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
T H Bond & w, Stoktn
J Wilson & w. Stocktn
E Nelson. S Jose
Capt Nelson, Seattle
G A Walnwright. Valj
A O Soffell. Vallejo
J B 'Needham. Fresno
T Fay. Vallejo
W Stack, Sacto . I
J Stack, Sacto . I
H Hendrlcks. New Or
C H Keyes. Boston
M K Ward, . Dawson
C J Apavlasa, L Ang
W A Edwards. L Ana:
Mrs Comstock Aw. Cal
E Hyde & w, S Cruz
S Ward. St Helena
W Sims, Seattle
THE SAW FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 23, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY. JULY 23.
¦*— r ; ; #
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city • front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Pun rises $ :n "i
Sun sets I'M
Moon rises 2:14 a. m.
Steamer Movements.
9
O Time Time Time Time
<v» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
£ L. W H "VY IiW HW
13 ... 3:10 10:10 4.5 2:30 3.1 8:46 6.1
24... 3:5S— O.S 10:57 4.7 3:27 3.0 9:39 6.1
25 ... 4:40— O.S 11:38 4.9 4:19 2.9 10:26 «.C
28 ... 5:19 —0.6 12:18 5.1 5:0S 2.9 11:12 . 5.7
27... 5:53—0.3 12:53 5.2 6:.->5 2.5 11:57 5.4
2S ... 8:2fi 0.0 J:23 5.2 C:4l| 2.5
H W L. W II W\ L, W|
29 ... 0:42 5.0 6:56 0.5 2:Olj 5.2 .7:29| 2.4
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Areata Coos Baq „ July 23
Warfleld Oyster Harbor July 23
Titanla Nanalmo July 23
Kureka I Humboldt July 23
North Fork Humboldt July 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena July 21
Columbia Portland July 24
Mackinaw Seattle. .i July 24
Bonita Newport July 24
Del Norte Portland July 24
Orizaba Humboldt July 23
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor July 25
Matteawan Tacoma July 25
Santa Rosa San Diego July 26
City of Puebla.. Victoria July 26
Crescent- City... Crescent City July 2<S
Curacao Mexico July 27
Alameda Australia July 27
Coos Bay Newport July 2S
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. f.Tuly 23, t pmfPler 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor July 23. 5 pm
Ohio Cape Nome... July 23 Pier 34
Santa Cruz Alaska.. July 24, 4 pm Pier 9
Eureka .... Humboldt July 24, 10atn|Pier 13
Corona Kan Diego July 14, 11 amtPler 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 24. 12 m Pier 13
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. July 55. It ami Pier 9
Australia .. Honolulu July Si. 2 pm Pier 7
NM-th Fork Humboldt July 26, 9 am Pier t
Coptic Chlna&Japan July 26, 1 pm PMSS
Bonita ..,..: Newport July 26. 9 am Pier 11
Del Norte.. Portland July 2<5 Pier 20
Columbia .. Portland: July 27, 11am Pier 24
Abydos ....IHamburg July 27. 10 am Pier 7
Santa Rosa I San Diego July 28, 11 am Pier 11
Colon IXew York Uuly 2S. 1 pmlPMSS
Satis.
I Pier.
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Areata Coos Baq „ July 23
Warfleld Oyster Harbor July 23
Titanla Nanalmo July 23
Kureka I Humboldt July 23
North Fork Humboldt July 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena July 21
Columbia Portland July 24
Mackinaw Seattle. .i July 24
Bonita Newport July 24
Del Norte Portland July 24
Orizaba Humboldt July 23
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor July 25
Matteawan Tacoma July 25
Santa Rosa San Diego July 26
City of Puebla.. Victoria July 26
Crescent- City... Crescent City July 2<S
Curacao Mexico July 27
Alameda Australia July 27
Coos Bay Newport July 2S
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. f.Tuly 23, t pmfPler 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor July 23. 5 pm
Ohio Cape Nome... July 23 Pier 34
Santa Cruz Alaska.. July 24, 4 pm Pier 9
Eureka .... Humboldt July 24, 10atn|Pier 13
Corona Kan Diego July 14, 11 amtPler 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 24. 12 m Pier 13
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. July 55. It ami Pier 9
Australia .. Honolulu July Si. 2 pm Pier 7
NM-th Fork Humboldt July 26, 9 am Pier t
Coptic Chlna&Japan July 26, 1 pm PMSS
Bonita ..,..: Newport July 26. 9 am Pier 11
Del Norte.. Portland July 2<5 Pier 20
Columbia .. Portland: July 27, 11am Pier 24
Abydos ....IHamburg July 27. 10 am Pier 7
Santa Rosa I San Diego July 28, 11 am Pier 11
Colon IXew York Uuly 2S. 1 pmlPMSS
Satis.
I Pier.
O Time Time Time Time
<v» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
£ L. W H "VY IiW HW
13 ... 3:10 10:10 4.5 2:30 3.1 8:46 6.1
24... 3:5S— O.S 10:57 4.7 3:27 3.0 9:39 6.1
25 ... 4:40— O.S 11:38 4.9 4:19 2.9 10:26 «.C
28 ... 5:19 —0.6 12:18 5.1 5:0S 2.9 11:12 . 5.7
27... 5:53—0.3 12:53 5.2 6:.->5 2.5 11:57 5.4
2S ... 8:2fi 0.0 J:23 5.2 C:4l| 2.5
H W L. W II W\ L, W|
29 ... 0:42 5.0 6:56 0.5 2:Olj 5.2 .7:29| 2.4
CREMATION.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAU,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
¦nd secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and orxan services
la $30. The same for members of the family.
¦ GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:20 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 V. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a_-m.. 8
p. m.- Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE 50c.
AlcAVOY «fe CO;.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. '
Telephone South 247.
COKPAONIE 0ENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m~^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of<^fWTs
Saturday, from November 2, 1SS9, at-w*««Wl»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North .River, foot ot
Morton - et. LA CHAMPAGNE. July 26; LA
TOURAINE. August 2: L' AQUITAINE, August
9; LA BRETAGNE, August 18. First class to
Havre, JS2 50 and upward;. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building), New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Flftb st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
ROOMS A\D BO VUD.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 S^teT^TTclvoleTiocaZ
tion: sunny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractlve Interior and table. S07 California st.
LAS PALMA6. l£20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 51,
postage paid. : _______
ItOO.MS AXD nOARD WANTED.
CALL at Room Renting Agency, 612-613 Eum-
Iner building. If you want to rent rooms.
SPECIAL. KOTICES.
ROOMS ''raprred from JS; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 415 Montgomery *t.. rooms 3-10: tel. Cjg
SEWI.NG MACHINES A.VD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boujrht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth Et.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
j PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
! pany. 2J20 Flllmore rt ; phone Jackson 2S1.
j BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. "22 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
TU LKAStl.
I LOFT. 2."xI20. plenty light. 579 Mission st.; loft,
SSxCT. pewer available, ES7 Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT RA RG A INS IN~TYPE WRITERS^We
Fell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Kxchange, 626 California, telephone Main 266.
A TYPEWRITER, branfl new. for $50. RE-
VALK. 409 Cslifornla st. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
I ', _ riJ . |f^ | _ |^ ,-,
| FOR 6alp— Furnished 7-room cottage In Ala-
mrda. ch<*ap. from owner. Box 153. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
finest Birrs in Berkeley'
jofoo— 6-room cottage; lot 40x130 feet; 5 min-
utes' walk of university; elegant view of bay,
etc.; lot Improved with choice fruit trees; a
s-r.ap: terms to suit.
J3C0O— Elegantly situated lot. 75x135: 1 block
of university; the only one to be had In this
vicinity.
»-"000 — New modern 9-room hcuse; corner lot;
adjacent to U. C. ; the last one left of six;
must be seen to be appreciated.
WURTS.
13C3 Broadway,
Oakland.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. £T4 Montgomery it.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
fruTtvale advertisements
FRUITVALE IlEAL ESTATB.
FRUITVALE— Large lots. 50x145. J100 and up;
fine Foil; near cars and school; best time to
select them now; district rapidly growing;
terms to suit. C. SElTZi 1107 23d ave.. Oak-
land.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXO KKAL. ESTATE.
$2500; ON INSTALLMENTS. COST $3000.
N>w botn« of 6 fooma, conservatory, enamel
bath, open plumbing, high basement and all
modern Improvements; lot 50x140 feet <note the
R're), with open' lawn, gravel driveway, stone
walks; good, substantial barn; fruit trees, etc.;
rents for SI" 50 per month; owner Is away;
nicest locality, near Grove ft. ; all street work
done; a regular home place; all in good condi-
tion: chances like this are rare; look Into thts
tt once if you want to buy; no mortgage on
this property; easy monthly payments or a lib-
eral discount for a quick cash sale. Call or
write GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
*32 MONTHLY RENTS FOR $3000.
ELEGANT NEW PAIR OF FLATS.
Two modern 5-roomed flats, almost new; cen-
trally located In nice location, with street work
all done; stone walks and open lawn and every
comfort of a home; price only $3000; lower flat
rents for $15: -upper flat, occupied by owner,
will brine {17; no mortgage on this; caxh sale
wanted. GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakiand.
$2000. FURNISHED COMPLETE. $2000.
Modern Eastlake 5-roomed cottage, nearly
new. with bath, stationary tubs, high base-
ment, brick foundation, etc.; situate on promi-
nent Ftreet. one block from San Pablo-avenue
electric cars; Is well rented now; owner away
and anxious to Fell; lot alone cost $1000; this
is a snap. GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
J25OO — 6-ROOM cottage on Mattle ave.; exchange
for ranch.
$2^00— S-room house; lot 33x124: cost owner
$."QiO; 29 minutes' walk to Broadway. E. E.
GEHRIN'G. 478 Tenth tt.
BARGAINS'.!'. BARGAINS!:'. BARGAINS'.'!
In real estate: long list. Call or address
GEORGE BIDDELL & CO.. IIS Broadway.
Oakland.
£500— BARGAIN; elegant home. East Oakland;
7 rms.. bath ras; cement walks: mod.; lot
3.'xl32; elevated ground: nr. churches, school*,
ct. car; terms. Sunset, 325 Montgomery, r. 8-4.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, seat to any address In the
T'nltcd States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$12 60 PER MOXTH.
Ptinny 6-roomed cottage, with bath, laundry
ir.d bnrement; large lot; close to Ean Pablo
lvenue and Gnve-st. electric lines: we have
trains' GEOKGE W. AUSTIN * CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURES FOR SALtS.
AN* introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
5l\'IDEXD~~KOTICE— Dividend No. 107 (Hfty
cents per thare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after
WElJXESTJAT. August 1. 1900. Transfer
book* will close on Thursday. July 26. WOO,
at 3 o'clock p. m. ¦ .
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PKOPOSALS. -
VMVJiJcsilK OK CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to contractors, bullden and material
men— Notice if hereby given to all concerned
that pealed proposals or bid* are solicited for
the erection of a. residence for the president
of the university and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
l or. cud cald bids or proposals will be received
at the office of the Regents of the University
of California In the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art. corner of Mason and California sts
Fan V rancisco. Cal., at or before 12 o'clock ni
of the 20lh day of July. WOO; and notice is
hereby further given that the plans and »
specifications of said building; hav* been made
and adopted and ore placed in the office of
Albert Plsi>ls. architect. 3C7 Paneome st. San
Francisco, where the same may be seen and
examined Caring each day from I o'clock a *
ro. until 4 o'clock p. m.. from this day until
the 2St». *ay Of July, 1900. Xo bids or pri
posals will be considered unless the same are -
a' by a certified check or a bona *
r'. iald proyeser In the sum of ten (1O» ner I
oent of hl» proposal, with sufficient sureties I
conditioned that. If said bid or proposal shall I
be accepted the party proposing will duly en 1
ter into a proper contract to faithfully per- •
form tbe duty and obligations In accordance ¦
with said proposal, and plan and speciflca- "
lions, which shall be and are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any and all bids is hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act en- ,
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an I
act to create and organize the University of
California," approved March 25, 1868. and an
act amendatory of section JS thereof, ap-
proved March 28. 1872. relating to the con- C
etnicMon of buildings, approved March 3. 1897. ¦
By order of the Committee on Grounds and v
Buildings In Alameda County. i,
W. A, McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
AUCTION SALES
Jga AUCTION SALE $$
63 Head Trotting-Bred and Work Horses
Well-matched pairs sorrels, bays and gray:
A number of pacers In the lot.
S'rea by DEL PASO. ROBERT LEE. RE
ECHO, WESTMOST and other stallions an
out of standard bred mares.
Bred by J. B. HAGGIN. ESQ.. Kern County
Land Company.
PROPERTY OF CHASE & 1IENDEXHALI
To be sold on
THURSDAY, JULY 26. I90O.
At 11 a. m.. at SaJesyard.
1732 Market St., Cor. Van Ness Ave
Horses now at yard. Catalogues ready.
CHASE A MEXDENHALU
Live Stock Auctioneers.
Successors to KUlip A Co
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
¦fe* £* £*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY July 25. at 11 a. m
By order of Mayor Phelan,
W« will sell a lot of FIRE AND POLICE DE
PARTMENT HORSES;
Al»o 20 head of GOOD YOUNG HORSES.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
__^^^^^^^^^^ Livestock Auctioneers.
£^ AUCTION SALE! fe
Of HORSES.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) 11 o'clock
SWITZER'S SALE YARD. 12th and Harrlsot
streets. S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
Watch out for sale of NICE FURNITURE
and equipments of beautiful flat. 1613 Sutter st.,
Tuesday, July 24, 1300. at 11 o'clock a. m.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Paclflo Coast Steamship Co.
j»Nome
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
WILL SAIL PAOM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
OJV OR ABOUT
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6.
Passengers are advised to Inspect the Senator
before purchasing tickets via other stear^ers.
as her second-class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Nome. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been running Its steamers to Alaska — winter
and summer — for 25 years, and Is the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further Information
Inquire of H. H. LLOYD, Ocean Dock. Seattle.
Wash.; N. POSTON. 249 Washington St.. Port-
land, Or.: W. PARRIS, 124 West Second St..
Los Angeles. Cal.: GOODALL. PERKINS &
CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market St.. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4_NewMontKorneryst :: SariFranclsco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•. Steamers leave Broadway
hk^ wharf. San Francisco:
IrvgW^. For Alaskan port."— tl a. m..
ik&^Sk JuI >' 20 - ;5> 30 - Au!^ 3t 4 -
lff'&Aj»5S&> Change to coMpar.y"s steamers
¦5&£ii3 XAl For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
Eg35r*£-r||! C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
P™"* |K«5 tgi\ Taccma. Everett. Ar.ac.-irtes
*"¦ a "d ew Whatcora (Wa«h.)—
11 a. m.. July ?0. 25. 30. August
4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. R'y: at Tacoma to N. P. By; at
Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 I* m.. July 22,
27. August 1. and eTery fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cru«. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Hanford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
» a. m.. July 22, 26. 10. August 3, and every
fourth day thereafter. „
For San Dleso. stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Lo« Angeles) — 11 a.
m. July 20. 24. 28, August 1, and every fourth
day thereafter. : ,
For Ensenada, Ma*dSiena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymu (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain company**
fo'ders.
The company reserve* the right to change
steamers, sailing datea and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.,
10 Market «t.. gan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
'ADC $12 First Class Including Bert-i
lAnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 22. An*. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 17. Aug. 8
Fhort line to "Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the. Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
C30 Market st..
GOODALU PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or about July 23d.
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE, SO MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. K9 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
OT TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. FASI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis July 23 St. Paul August 15
New York.... August S St. Louis August 22
KEO STAF* LINS.
New YorK and Antwe». ,.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark July 2S<[ Kensington ..August 8
Westernland August 14 Aragonla August 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery street.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOLITLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SVD.VEy.
S. S. AUSTRALIA* Honolulu only)
Wednesday, July 25, 2 p. ra.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia. Wed. , Aug. g. S p. m.
). 0. SPH£CKELS & BRGS.CO.. AgU.. I* Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Orflcc:327 Market St
BAILEOAD TEAVEL.
RORTH PAGING COAST RAILROAD.
"Vj* Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. IX*.
FROM SAJ* FRANCISCO TO MILJ-, "ViaXiET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY3-7:W. t:Z0. »:30, n.-oo .. m . l
12:45. »l:43. 1:15. 4:15, »S:15. 1:13, 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
BUNDAY8-7:W. •*:«>. •3:00, •KhOO. 11:00, U:J»
a. m.: 13:45. •I.JO. t.SO. 'IMS. 5:00. l:ft>. IM
p. m. •
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
4ays. '
Tralna marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:JS. •«:». T:50. »:40. »10:U iL
m.: 12:10. 1:15. !:15. *3:SO. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
¦nd Saturdays at *S:45 and 19:20 p. rn
BUNDAYS—<:15. •«:(». •»:50. •11:00a. m\- •uea
m.: l:C0. 2:15..»J:3O. 4:30. »J:ii. 6:43. T:si wijj
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FKOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-V.S3. 6:45, »:00. 8:55. 10 Mi.
m.: 12:M. IMS. 2:43. 1:30. 4:iO. 6:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS . on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS— «:». 8:C5. 10:05. 11:10 a. m .. !•.«_
l:». J:W. J:4S. 4:53. 6:15, 7:05, 10:JO p. ra.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. week days—Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • •
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tlons.
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays except ed)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1J:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
r SAXLBOAD TEAVEL
i : ;
Trains oa the Santa Fe are
going every day to Stock-
ton at 9 a. m., 4:10 p. m.
and 8 p. in^ To Fresno and
>. Bakersneld at 9 a. m. and
8 p. m. To Chicago, Kan-
I sas City and Denver at
9 a. m.
Sleepers on all trains
¦where you need to sleep.
Diner on the Overland.
Ask at 623 Market st.
or at Santa Fe Ticket
Office in Ferry Depot.
94108
" + 4
KOGTiiKR.1 t-.aciric (ouri.NT.
Ipacific avsiiy.i
Trains !•»*• um.i nr* ilim to iirrli* nt
MAM rit.«.M.'iM«'O.
(Main Li::,-. Foos of Market Street)
uava — From Jilt 15. 1900. — Aaaxvi
•7.-O0A Benlcia, SuUun. Elmira, Taca?lUa.
Bn.i»-T anu Kicnnwnm *7tt3p
•7:OOa Shaota Express— Dbtjs. WiUiams(for
Bartlett Springs). WiUows. Kad
Bluff. Portlaud. «7:*3p
*7:SOa Martinez, Hiu Uainon. Vallejo. Napa,
<:»lUv>gb aa«l .Santa Kosa *O:l3p
*8:OOa D»tU. Woodland. Knights Landing,
MiiVS'i!:*-, Orotiile «~:l5p
*M:OOa Atlantic Kipresa— Ogdeo and East '11:15*
•»:»•» 8»ii Jute. Litermure. Htnektmi,
lone, Sacraiueuto. i".»c-r»i;ie,
M.rj^lllr. Chico, Ueil Hlnff MsISp
•S:30a Osktlj,.f. Chinese (for Yosemite).
Houora. Carters. •¦!: 1.1*
•BsOO* Hajwsnls. Nil-sand Way .Stations. *l l:l^»
*9iOUa Los Angeles £zpres<i — Martinex.
Tracy. Lathrop. Msoekton, Merced
and FrRMio »«l«5p
•O-.aOk V»!l-i .,, Martinez »ml W»y Stations *St«3r
•IO:00« Thr OverUixl r.lnii-fd— o-Jen. Dan*
ver, U:naha. Chicago *3ilSp
•11:00* NU-s, I.iieruiore, tiloektoo, 8acra-
mc nto, M.-iiiiuta. llanfortl, TUaila.
Port»rTiUe *l:l5p
•I*:«Om Uaywards. Niles and Way Stations. *3:l»r
tl:OOr 3acraiu»nt<> Klier Steamer* f3:00A
•SiDiif IhjwuJi, Nihsand Way Stations. *StMf
•4:i»»r Martluez. Han lUinon, Vallejo,
N ;•!• i. i 'ul^i .i.i!i». Suita lt,)g» «Ui 1 .1.
•¦lil»»p Beoicla, Winters. Macrawenlo,
WiHMlIaixl. Kninlits landing,
Marysfllle. «)«o»lll» *IO:I3*
•<>30p Nlies. San Josaaud Stockton *7:l3p
•J:«»rTh» Owl IJ ml ted— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakerslielil. Hangus for Uauta Bar-
bara, Los Anvrles *9:43*
*5:00p Fresuo Hassenjter— Martines, Lath-
rop. Stockton. Merceil, Hereada
(iutymond for Yosemito). hresno.. *12ilSp
*3:3«p New Orleanr Express— ISakeraiieid.
hii:iU li.irlmr*. I.i* Ang-'.rt. Ueui-
hiif. £1 Paio. New Oriuaus aud
Kast *«>I5«
•S:OOp Hayw%rds. .Nilei »u.l H»a Jose *7: Iti
t«:OUr Vallejo "l*:!5r
•UiOor Oriental Mail-Ogden. Cnejenne.
Omaha, Chiciga *11:I3a
•fl:OOp Oriental .Mail— Ogdan, Dealer.
OmaiM, Chicago. , 'IiISf
17:O©r Vallrjo, P,.rt Costa and Waj Sta-
tions..! J»:.W
•8iO.1p Oregon and Callforuia i;«i -t. m. s»o-
mbmbIk MarjsTilte. l:-,l,liiu.
r.>ai»n.t. ri.«r'. s.» i »,,.i r.u. t »*«i.t»
COAST DIVISION (Niirmur Uausi*).
(Knot 'f M.irk.-t Street)
J7:«3a bant» Cruz Excursion for .Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations t*:O3p
•»:l»* Newark. < ¦••II r^r»i;i •, San. l(,.-<t\l''i-:'.'. ii,
BuiiltiMrCitrek.HautaL'riizaud Way
Butiims *6:S»r
ta>I3r Newark. CenterTllIe. Kan .I»se. New
* Almailen, K»it in, lt.»i:<l •» Ocl.
8au*a Cruz »ul rrincipal W«|
Stations *la:.1»«
•4ilSp Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos t»:.-k«k
O4»l3p Glenwixnl Feltop. Banta Cra» «»;¦%».%
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrwlti raucisCi)— r.«t «f inkii sirnt^.,.3)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 11:23 *2:ZZ 13:C3
•t:C3 }S:33 »8::3r.u.
rrtaOIIUIO— F<ot irBrixlvir.— *<t:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
tI2:C3 *l:00 t2:53 *3:C3 ti C3 'a^Sr.M.
CO.4ST DITLHtO.l (nroaillian^e).
(ThirJ »nd Tonmtnil Stu.)
10:1 Oa Ocean View, South Xan FraDciocu.. t«:-'«"P
|?:OOa flan Jo*e ami Way KUtioiis (New
Almaaen Weiliie»d*js<>"lr) *I:3Kp
}7iSOa Sunday Excursion for San JosflL
Santa Crnz, Pacific GroTe and
Prlndpal Way Station* }S:33r
•BiOO* Han .!•¦•». Trcs 1'liion, Santa ('mi,
Pseilie Urine. Pasn Uiiblrs. «»u
I.ul. oi.i,,.,,. Surf. Lompoc ami
rriuelpal War -Statinus MilOr
•IOi4«< Ban Jo«o smi Way .Stations •«t;n»
•IIiSUa Mau.loae,LoaGatosai:JVrayHUtloui *3i30r
fJ:!3p San Matro. Kt-dwood, .Venlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Saa .!..»»,
Trea Pino*. 8anta Cruz. SaliDaa.
Mooteiey and l'acido Grove t'":3fH
f3<S0p Saa Jom ami Way Hkatlons *7:Sop
f4:l3p8aaJosaauil Principal Way Stations *!>:I.V«
t3iO«pSan Jom, Los Gatos aad Principal
Way Stations t9:»o.4
*.1:3Or SanJosa aud Principal Way Stations t a :33a
•n::iop Saa Juts aoU Wayytatiou* f»:«»«
illi4.%p 3ao Jose and Way SUtlons *?:3ttp
A for Moraing. P for Afternoon.
'Daily. t Sunday •seepted. ! Sauday only
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Snnday. « 3isni !ay and Honday.,
CALIFORNIA NORTDVESTEKX ET. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRARCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ot Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAM RAFAEL.
"VTEEK DATS— 7:3*. »:0O. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:33,
t:30. 8:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursdaya— Extra trip
at 11:20 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tri;a at 1:M
and 11:30 d. m.
• UNDAYS— 3:00. »:J0. 11:00 a. m.t 1:SO. t:2X
6:C<>. 8:20 o. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAJ» FRAJTCISCO.
"VTEEK DAT3-4:10, 7:50, i:Z\ 11:13 a. bl; 12:43,
1:40. S:13 ix ra. Eaturday»— Extra trips ai
1:51 and I:3S D. JS.
(UNDAT 3—8:10, »:«O. 11£1O a. m. ; tziO. S:*O.
6:05. C:2S r. m.
Between San Francisco aad Ssau»taea Park
ttma ichedula aa above.
Lea^« I Xn KITect. I Arrl-»»
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300.) San Francisco^
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Wee*
Days. [ days, f Destination. | days. | Day.
7:30 am S:OO em N>vato. 10:40 ami 8:40 ara
|:30 pm 9:30 em Petaluma. C:03 pm 10:25 ara
1:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roea. 7:35 pmj «:S) pn>
Fulton.
' TOO am 'Windsor. 10 :=3 ass
Healdsburff-
Lytton.
GeyservilK
t:tO ;m tzOO am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm t:23 pta
7:80 ami 1 Hopland I Il9:2r. ant
1:30 pm| S:CO ami and Uklah. f 7:33 pmj C:a> pna
TUOam 110:23 aa
8 KM am Gueraeville. 7:33 pm
1:80 pm C:3) rn
T:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma t:13 ami S:i» ara
•tind j
»:10 pm E:CO pm Glen Ellen. f:C5 pmf 8r23 pra
T:8O o! 8:PO ami I10:«fl am'10:K arn
t:30 pm| 5:CO »)m! Sebaatcpol. I 7:33 pm: t:!Q pna
Stages connect at 8anta Rosa for Mark West
Eprlngs and White Sulphur Springs: at Pulton
for Altruna: nt Lyt,ton for.Lytton Spring: at
Geyserville for Elcaggs Sprir.irs: at Cloverdalo
Tor 'the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncaa
8prlr.g«i, Highland Bprtngj. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and B.irtlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Santoe*
Fprlngs. Blue L "tea. L«.urel Del! Lake. 'Witter
6r~Ings, Usper Lake, Poroo. Potter Vall?y.
Joon Day's, R!versl<3«. L!erleT"s. Puckreir*.
Banher*Mn Heirhts, Hullvi;>. Orr't Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragz. West-
port. lTs*I. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cuacmlr.s.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaen's. Dyer, Scot:»
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Honda/ round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an point*
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of "cm. <30 Market it., Cnrcn'cle bids.
P. C. WHITING. R. X. RTA.V.
General Manager. Gan. Pass. Agent.
K0UNT TAWALPAI3 SCENIC RATLWAY
Leave San Francisco via Bausalito Ferry;
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. l:43and 5:13 p. m.
BUNDATS 8. f. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:20 p. ra.
Kare San Francisco toSummit and return $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
f* "^ Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary*
mjjr f*j,ia ln *S54 tor the treatment ot Private
ijljjt* £tf Diseases. Lest Maisbo. d Debility or
t3»Sy-'T*5i' !l^ |: ' a *'* 1 *" ear iag<>ii bortyandmindand
Ot#? f *VVil ¦-'' c '' n L )i **"* s *-s. Th» •loctorcureriwh^ii
»^<f>Ajt ¦?."¦** "tliers fail. Try him U'h:»r>jg» iow
V%j2&SXt£i ('nrr»cnr.ranlrp'l. Callorwrito.
Or. J. A'. «« I11IXO3 [. Box 1U37. ciaa Frandaco
WBBHy CUB $1.00 D8TYB3!
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISfll
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG., calling at
Kobe (Hioeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailinc.
SS. AMERICA MARU Friday, August 3. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Via Honolulu.
Wednesday, August 29, 1900
8S. NIPPON MARU ..
Saturday. September 22, 13C0
Hound-trip tickets at reduce! rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofHce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
HB.II- ESTATE CITY FOR SAI.R.
r;.. KHNTS S43; 4 flats; Dore st. ~
* H7S&-Cbeape«t modern cottage In Mission-
"r.i rear Hampshire; 5 rooms and bath- a
¦ > ,r.= :ii:-.:
Rents $4 7 >: 3 modern flats: Broderick.
¦ r Fulton: 5. 5 and 6 rooms and bath- l.>t
; n.U't !>e sold. DAVID STERN &
t-' 'N.S 11 Montgomery rt.
A CHOICE Tvrtheart Funny corner; California
rt. ar. i Frurih ave.. !::Cxll":6; nrice only
•:S0O: all rtrert v:crk done.
I eaa arra&ee for easy payments; this fine
corner •.* mr chcar; cost 12300; cable cars
v.:ti.:n i Bnort distance.
W. J. GUNN. ISO California st.
DAVE v, -u real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission init you want to sell; then- call
W. J. GUxs. r.30 California ft.
<:?-.. SEW rottase. 4 rooms, bath, tank"
foeet. tile<; Kink, \rifh one or two nice lots"
1 k [ton Folsora-?t. electric cars; lnstall-
n i ¦ - 110 to Sir. monthly or will sacrifice for
each; basin vvill loan flOOO to $1200 at S ner
)'. A. POLAX 326 Pine st P
BARGAIN IN KKAL EFTATE
(TQft-XUft tx» Fold; price reduced: owner leav-
ir.p City; ::,:CxlH: 22d et.. nr. Doloros; street
trwrrod and graiW: rfn^y for building- near
a,r i:n<»: part cash if necessary. Apply own*r
fi H. SMITH. Si7 Montgomery Ft
S^CC- VODHRN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller Ft., near Pierce. 1 b!o?K from
Hs!ght-«t. cars; finished with marble steps.
lref-cc*<\ coi!i!i£S, 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
\tb"i tiasftrw.t, etc.; terms one-fourth cash.
1 balanc* VA monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
ISO-CHEAPEST lots In the city; 2;xl>D; on
your o»n lermf; only 4 minutes to I4th-6t.
• lectric oars. Bryant or Tolpom «t transfer,
rrth and Wlaeanaia sts. RIVERS BHOS.. 227
ttontcoaterr Et-
VEttT cheap: Hush. E. of Larkln: nice large
rpsid»>nc«». or could V>e turned Into flat*; v»ry
funny: 3tx:*7:fi. Apply on premises, 12C5 Buf-h.
MODERN hc^ises and flats liutlt at lowest
prices; rlar.s and estimates furnished for all
EadMiag work. CAMPDELL. 1147 Jlisflon st.
FOK s-ale— IIouRe of 4 rooms and finished base-
ment: large lot. Inquire at grocery etorc.
Twenty-eighth and Alabcma sty.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath: lot 10x100: Mls-
Ficn; easy t»ra» cr vacant !"t. 41" Kearny 5t.
FOR Fa'.e— Chersr: EO-roct lot. 4 living rooms
nr<J grocery Ftcre. Apply 251 11 Pan Hruno road.
KKAL KSTATE COL'STRl' For Snle- |
H500-CREAT bargain: modern {-story house. S
rvms and bath. FtaMe: on fine, larpe lot. T.5
xi;0; coFt $C'*y; r<-om for 4 fiats. Apply 157 :
A!Mnn ave. lictwpcn Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth. Valencia and Gurrrero etp., or at 507
California &t. j
C3D.MQ WILL buy a rarch in Pan Mateo County \
'cf r,lw>u: 5i>> acres: partially improved with I
vino* ar.1 fruits; only 4 mile? from a prlncl- I
pal ttatiin Bex I6i". Call office. j
ACCI'RaTE personal knowledge — each of the I
SOflfl ror.cr.e5 or. my SALE and EXCHANGE |
list. More than all other apents in thip c:ty. I
N. I~>. PICKELP. the lar.d agent. 6 Geary st.
40 ACRES — Palermo; olives, oranges, figs. }
T>ears: f-jll bearing; a bargain. W. B. JONES. ;
'' Fr< nt st. j
STOCK ani grain ranch for eale; Colu«=a Co.* i
12«o acres; Jlft n*-r 8Tf; U<t erain. re?t hill i
lanfl. M P. CHANT'UN. Marysville. Tal.
REAL. ESTATB TU i:\CIlA.\GE.
Jin.OW— THREi: nice cottage? and cne-half ln-
t*re*t in corner brick bulling; all rente,!; lo-
t :•.*< ¦? pood to^vn. r.t'iir »*Acrainento: exchange
for city improved cr unimproved property.
Sur.set. ZZ'y Montgomery et.. rooms 3 and 4.
CJ^JFORXIA fruit, vine ranch; part exchange
for Emtttm Efteonte rr.-.p<»rty. Box 133. Oill.
IIOOM* roll UOUatZ£HJSl£l*l>~U.
AT (2 Vnmtfl Tlctlt housekeeping, tl M to 12 50
• per wk. . sirp!«? and double. $1 to J2 iO per wek. I
CAPP. 29. bet. Fiftfenth and Sixteenth—Three !
large many rooms for housekeeping.
EIGHTH, 34 B. rear Market— 1 cr 2 sunny front
be<2room? and regular kitchen furnished for
hotuekeeplBg; hath; private family.
FIFTH. SSX— Flat; 3 furnished housekeeping!
rooms, 112; also 1 for J7; single rooms. $4. Ji. j
COLT-EN GATE avr.. 409— Parlor floor and j
other room?; furnished or unfurnished: pri-
\.\a.- fair.ily. i
HOWARD. IOCS' i— Housekeeping rooms, eingle j
and en suite, comfortably furnished; running ;
water: prices reasonable.
HYPE. 410 — N'ic*"l}- furnished sunny suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; also front basement
roite: 115.
MINNA. 2S_Funny furnished front housekeep-
ing and singrlo rooms; Tic and II week.
MI?SION. :-i:,. —2 iarse sunny rooms; woll fur-
r.ished for bocaekeeplng.
MISSION. ISTL near new rostcface— Nicely
furnished funai front rctoms; cemi lete for ( ]
r< u'l-kecping. J i
OAK. 1">— 1-a.rce sunny room: closet: furnished
for houtr-keejiing; tS: smaller rooms. $5. ,
OAK. 125— Two r.icely furnished rooms for '
t-.eufc-ket-j'lr.g: use cf laundry: J10. \
OCTAVIA. 1(03. cor. Geary— 2 large bay-window I
ro- ms; housekeeping; gas rtove; ?14. '
PuLK. 7;7— Two or three sunny front rooms; •
completely furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH. 126 — Front and back parlors; suitable
tar effice; *l«o rooms fcr light housekeeping.
ELITE Ot i rooms furnished for housekeeping
S3 nrth *t.
Sl'.VXY housekeeping roonis; furnished or ' '
unfurnished. Apply 441 Geary ft. j '
£!'TTi;R. 4 1 7— 3 furr.lshed or unfurnished rooms j ]
for housekeeping. I i
THIRD. 133— Sunny furnished front room for
housekeeping: reasonable; also other rooms.
TH!' F.IZNTH. 22S— 2 sunny housekeeping |
rmt.: water: move; rent 13; separate entrance, j
CN1OX. 1106— Two furnished rooms; stove; fold- i
Ing bed; running gajter; yanl; $10. |i
CLASSIFIED a<n-erti«t rr.ents and EUhscrlptions i ,
received at <"a:i branch office. 22<V" FJllmore St. | ,
A BRANCH office for '."all advertisements and ; j
Ful'Pcrirti'-ns ha* been established at 10SG Va- \
- i
HOOMS TO LICT — Porn, mid I'nfnrn.
1
UL— .BRUNSWICK HOl-i£ 14iT"*Rlxth— Rooms ! !
tic to tl per night. Jl 23 to li p«r week, and '
light housekeeping; open all night. j
A LAIiY companion wanted to take part of
fiat or. Jonet Et.. near Geary; reasonable. Box
14&. Oil. I
BOHEMIA, Z39 Post-FineFt puny suites in city | •
lor families and jrer.tlcmen: all conveniences; J
rpeclal accommodations for tourists.
JJfRNETT. 1426 Market s«. fold No. 13C4)— Fur-
nish<-d rms.. suites, eingle; al*o unfurnished.
BUSH, $CJ~Punr.y room for gentleman; prh^aie
family: moderate.
EI.KVKXTH, 41. near Mark»t st. — Sunny fur-
nirhed ronms for 1 <r 2 g«r.t!eraen; use ol
parlor anJ phone; rcr.t ts. •
fviLFOM. I'C".. cor. «th (Tne Oil veri— Newly fur-
nfht-4 sunny roctum. eingle or suites; reasonbl. I
CKAHY. 4CJ<The Navarre)-E:pgaintly furnished I s
rookes; Rlltes or tingle; travelers acc-j' dated, j
CEAEV. CJ6 — El<cant HMV parlor suite;piano. ! '.
telephone; ct>er rooms; light housekeeping. '
GRANT* BOUTHECN. southeast corner ?pvtnt!'. i !
ar.d Mirsim sir.— Sunny rooms, on suite <>r 1
tinsie; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator, j .
HOTSZa Francisco— E>fr»nt suite*: single; tran- I '
yient; hatii^. MRS. KINO. Turk and Tayl-vr. j ,
HOWAl'.D. i-29— Room>! frorri SI week up to $3; |
25c to $i nicht: s.!so housekeeping rooms. I
ilOXVAUn. :•»¦?, oor.Cth— Nicely furnished sunny ¦
room»; rea>-ona»i>; by day. week or month, j
MARKET. UCJ. err. Van Xcsk— Sunny front j
to?., srttb run. water. J7. tS up: als>o hskiig. ;
MASOX, tO, near <:or. OTarrell— New dean
rooms c»d clean b^dg; Uk to $1 j>er day;
transient.
ilrALLI^TEfl. W."3rt — Sur.ny front comer room,
liictly furnifliej; everything n'w; gas, Lat)..
tiius-t I* *een to Im apj;reclat*-cl; rent reason-
aUe.
MINNA. CC7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished !
hay ¦lu<u» roc.m, tl per week; transient. i
O'FAIinnLL, 20— Sunny fttrolabed rooms and I
officrt: eicvatcr: eiectrlr llphto; Oay, wk.. ma.
OTABBELU 7«2— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
wij.dow mites, no to %2Z; gay. bath and phone.
POWELL, in— Light, clean rrns. ; suites or sln-
t;!e; trjinj-ient: running water: rat's rrduced. j
BOSRDAUS House. 219 and 321 Elite St.— Room*.
nij-.ht. ZjC to II; week, }1 V, to 54; open night.
I'.OYAL EfOUSS. 12C Ellis Et~Ir^cAndeBcent
light, reading room, smoking room ami ladles' I
parlor: roon.*. p«rr nlclit. 2^c to Jl iO: week. 52
to i<>; month. £K to Ji'O; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot ar.d cold water: baths.
BACUAMENTO. C4S-Neat furnished rooms;
private family: II and upwsrd.
MKXENTH. Kl— ; nl»-e furnished" front roornr..
ytivaXa family. $4. %h, %1; Fuitable for ladie*.
EUSRXAM Apartment IXoue. 3 eighth St..
near aiailtet— Furnished or unfurnlsned.
EL'TTER. 110^— Larse eunny rear room; closet,
running voter, e^'s; JS month; email front
room. %6 month; moiiern; convenient.
THE OAKS. J13 Third— A good rooming house
tor good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rei-eii-ed at Call branch office. 2200 J-'illmore *t.
Jt. HHANCH office for Call advertisements and
, Fuhscrlptlons has been estaMlrhed at 1C96 Va-
lencia St.
DIED.
Bernstein. Elias Mahoney. Denis
Doyle, Elsie M. Mazrini. Carmellta
Dunn. Marv E. Meehan. James
Fuller. Martha H. Nopper. Charles
Hallin. John Philbon. Miles A.
Hatch. Ella A. Rabiger, Alexander
Harris. Simon Springer. Howard A.
Haskins. Bridget M. Stietvater. Simon
Hobe. George J. Stokes. Samuel J.
Levy. Marcus Thompson. Mr*. E.
Lusk. Albert Townsend, Mrs. A. S.
McCormlck. Kitty A.
BERNSTEIN— In this city. Ellas Bernstein,
beloved husband of Aususta Bernstein, and
father of David, Louis and Edward Bernstein
and Mrs. Henry London, a native of Ger-
many, aged 76 years 4 months and 21 days.
DOYLE— In Sebastopol. July 21. 1900. Elsie May
Doyle, eldest daughter of Caroline and James
J. Doyle, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years 2 months and 10 days.
DUNN— At Camp Goodall. Cal., July 20, 1900,
Mary E., beloved daughter of Felix T. and
Mary Dunn, and sister of John L., Thomas
J.. Alice J., Kate M. and Agnes J. Dunn, a
native of Cohoes, N. Y-, aged 24 years 8
¦ months and 7 days.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 1022 Ellis street, thence to Holy
Cross Cemetery, via 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Interment pri-
vate.
FULLER— In this city. July 22. 1900, Martha
H. Fuller, beloved mother of Hiram H., Annie
B., Albert W. and Lillle Fuller, a native of
Sydney, Australia, aged 54 years 10 months
and 11 days.
CTFVlends an( j acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HALLIN-In this city. July 21, 1900, JohnJIal-
lln. dearly beloved son of John and Tlllie
Hallin, and brother of Edward and Lulu Hal-
lin, a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years
and 7 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, 13S San Carlos avenue, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth. Mission and Valencia
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HATCH— In thle city. July 22. 1900. Ella Au-
gusta Hatch, beloved mother of Lee Ehle
Hatch, and only eister of H. Ehle. a native
of Kenosha, Wls., aged 53 years 4 months and
24 davs. (Chicago and Kenosha, Wls., papers
please copy.)
JCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 532 Ellis street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city. July 22. 1900. Simon
Harris, dearly beloved husband of Ernestine
Harris, and father of Max and Charles Harris,
a native of Exin, Prussia, aged 64 years.
C^Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S84 Broadway, near Mason street,
thence by train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 o'clock to New Salem Ceme-
tery for Interment. Kindly omit flowers.
HASKINS— An anniversary solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the reoose of the soul
of the late Bridget M. Haakins at St. Peter's
Church. Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets.
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend. ,
HOBE— In this city. July 21. 1900. George J.
Hobe, a native of Hamburg. Germany, aged
74 years 11 months and 13 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple. Funeral under the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. M.—
Members are requested to attend the funeral
of our late secretary, George John Hobe,
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Ma-
sonic Temple.
JAMES H. HUMPHREYS. W. M.
LEVY— In this city. July 21. 1300, Marcus, be-
loved son of the late Ellas and Angelina
Levy, and brother of Henry, Joseph, Abram.
Ralph, Reuben and David Levy, a native of
Middletown, Conn., aged 46 years and 5
months. *
ITT'The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11354 Pacific street, and thence by 11:80
o'clock train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for
interment.
LUSK— In this city, July 21. 1900. Albert, be-
loved husband of Martha A. Lusk, a native
' of New York, aged 71 years 11 months and 4
days. (New York, Brooklyn and Iowa' papers
please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 92SA Greenwich street. Interment pri-
vate. . «.
McCORMICK— Entered Into rest. In this city,
July 21, 1900. Kitty A., dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Maracet T. and the late M. McCor-
mlck, and beloved sister of Nicholas C. May
W*.. Marguerette T.. Thomas E. and Joseph
M. McCormlck, a native of San Francisco.
C7"Ftiendi! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 110 Twenty-eighth street, near
Doiores, thence to St. Paul's Church, where
a requiem high macs will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHONET— In this city, July 22. 1900, Denis,
beloved husband of Margaret Mahoney, and
father of John, Margaret, James and the late
T. J. and Mary Mahoney, a native of Ire-
land, aged £3 years.
(C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MAZZINI-In Alameda. July !2, 1900, Carmellta,
beloved titter of A. S. J. and Alphonsus Maz-
zini. and adopted daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
A. S. Eousa, a native of San Francisco, aged
17 years and 9 days.
MEEHAN-ln Stockton,* July 19. 1900. James,
non of the late Jeremiah and Sarah Meehan,
and nephew of Mrs. John Corkery, a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NOPPER— In this city, July 22. 1900. Charles.
beloved husband of Christine Nopper, and
• father of Julia. Marie, Albert, Rudolph, An-
drew and Edward Nopper. a native of Ger-
many, aged 46 years V month and 12 days.
C^Frlenfls*"«.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 112 Miguel street, near Chenery. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via electric
funeral car from Miguel and Chenery streets.
PHILBON— An anniversary requiem mass for
the repose of the soul of the late Miies A.
Phllbon will be celebrated to-morrow (Tues-
day), at S o'clock, in Sacred Heart Church,
corner of Fell and Flllmore streets. Friends
are Invited to attend.
RABIGER-In this city, July 21, 1900. Alexan-
der Rablger. beloved husband of Sophie Rabl-
• ger. nnd father of Ida Rablger. a native of
Germany, aged 50 years 2 months and 24 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington Ptreet.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BPRINGER-In Berkeley. July 22. 1900. Howard
Arnold, beloved eon of Samuel F. and Helen
M. Springer, and brother of Mrs. W. W. Red-
nail and Fred F.. Sanford O. and Russell S.
Springer, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years 10 months and 4 days/
STIEFVATER— In Alameda, July 22, woo,
Simon, beloved husband of Christina M. Stlef-
vater, and father of Albert P. and Gerhard E.
Stlefvater and Mrs. E. A. Much, a native of
Aucher. Baden, Germany, aged 65 years and
9 months. \
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. SOO Central avenue. Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
STOKES-In this city. July 22. 190Q, Samuel Ja-
cob, beloved son of Mary and the late Samuel
H. Etokes. a native of St. Helena. Xapa
County, Cal., aged 1 year and b months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. • Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
THOMPSON-In this city, July 22. 1900. Mrs.
Emily Thompson, beloved wife of Chris
Thompson, and brother of Charles. Harry and
Joseph MeLoskey. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4G years.
TOWNSENI>-In this city. July 22. 1900,. Mrs.
Almira S. Townsend. beloved mother of Mrs
Ella F. Murray of Dorchester. Mass.. a na-
tive of MaKsachusetts. aged £9 years 1 month
and 5 days.
ETNotice of funeral will be arranged later
by Mrs. Ella F. Murray.' . / ,
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
DUNN— In this city. July 21. 1900, to the wife
of Harry Dunn, a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the DUbllcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per--
rons authorized to have the same published.Entertained a Mother Superior.
A reception was given to Mother Su
perior Josephine of the Powell-street
Presentation Convent by the alumnae of
the school yesterday afternoon In honor
of her return from Europe. A basket of
flowers In which was hidden a purse
containing $800 was presented to the
mother superior by the Xano Xagle De
bating Society. The following alumnae
officers were elected: Mrs. C. A. Steuart,
president; Mrs. H. Gallagher, vice presi
dent; Mary Glynn, treasurer; Agnes Dev
lin, secretary. •';,.''
AT THE THEATERS
LAST night "Rush City" was pre
sented by Mathews & Bulger and
tho all-star cast of Dunne & Ryley
at the California Theater. "Rush
City" affords several admirable opportu
nities to the all-star cast. One well taken
by Miss Whalley Is to look pretty and
wear some most fetching gowns, also to
•demonstrate the truth of her own state
ment that It really doesn't matter whether
one can or cannot act, don't you know, if
one looks beautiful while one is making
believe to. Mary Marble, the quaint and
dainty, also takes her opportunity in
some cute songs, which are well enjoyed.
Mathews & Bulger have a chance in a
famous old specialty and are loudly ap
plauded for the same. Bessie Tannehill,
Ry!ey and Hart and the Mascottes also
while away a pleasant moment. As for
"Rush City" itself, it Is without rhyme or
reason, plot or plan, a kaleidoscopic ar
rangement in cyclones, steam cars, sex
tets and the rest of H. But It serves to
amuse, which Is a sufficient raisin d'etre.
There Is an excellent bill at the Or
pheum this week.- A notable engagement
Is that of Miss Jessie Padgham, a new
Californian songstress from Los Angeles.
Broke Into the Oberon.
George Williams, an ex-employe In the
Oberon, on O'Farrell street, which is tem
porarily closed, forced an entrance
through the basement yesterday morning
and broke open two nickel-ln-the-slot ma
.chines in the expectation of getting some
money. He was discovered by Carl A.
; Thilo, one of the proprietors, and held till
the patrol wagon arrived with Policeman
Morris. Williams was taken to the City
Prison, where a charge of burglary was
booked against him.
Martin Connor Viciously Attacked
Without App-rent Cause by His
Cousin's Husband.
Martin Connor, coal and wood dealer,
27S Tenth street, called upon James Irwln,
carpenter. 3C10 Sixteenth street, yesterday
afternoon with his nephew. Mrs. Irwln Is
Connor's cousin and the nephew wanted
to see her before he went East,
Connor rang the bell and Irwln opened
the front door. "Hello, Martin," he said,
and without another word attacked Con
nor with a pocket knife, stabbing him on
the riKht arm above the elbow, severing
the deltoid muscle, and cutting him three
times on the left wrist and hand. Then
he closed the door In Connor's face. Con
nor was led to a nearby drug store by
his nephew and the patrol wagon was
summoned from the Seventeenth-street
Police Station. It took the wounded man
to the Receiving Hospital and Dr. Alex
ander stitched and dressed his wounds.
It will be some time before he Is able to
use his right arm again.
Irwln was arrested by Policeman Shee
han and booked on the charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Sheehan and De
tective Fitzgerald went back to the house
to search for the knife and found it se
creted in a drawer. It was held as evi
dence. Irwtn was sent to the Xapa In
sane Asylum some time ago, but was dis
charged as cured. Recently he has been
acting queerly again.
STABBED WITH A KNIFE
WHILE MAKING A CALL
TO DISINTER SOLDIERS.
HOUSTON, Tex., July 22.— Colonel J. \V.
Scully of the quartermaster's department,
U. S. A., has gone to Mexico to disinter
and bring: back for burial In the San An
tonio Government cemetery the bones of
American soldiers who fell in the battle
of Buenos Vista, fought near Saltillo.
Mexico, in 1S-J6. between the, Americans
under General Taylor and the Mexicans
under Santa Ana. The remains of about
700 Americans lie where they were buried
on the battlefield, but a new railroad will
go squarely across this spot, and this has
caused the American Government to act.
CORONER COLE
SERIOUSLY ILL
He Is Partly Paralyzed and
His Voice Is Almost
Gone.
DR. R. BEVERLY COLE.
DR. R. BEVERLY COLE,. Coroner of
this city and a pioneer physician, is
seriously ill at his ranch near Calls
toea. He was stricken with apoplexy
for the second time last Friday.
Ills friends took him on Saturday
from his home in this city to the interior
of the State in the hope that the change
of climate might better his condition.
The doctor is nearly 70 years of age.
Two years ago he was stricken with apo
plexy, but partially recovered. The stroke
Friday night left the doctor's body partly
paralyzed and his voice is almost gone.
The fine weather and the presence of bo
many troops in carr.p attracted a large
crowd to the Presidio yesterday. From
g-uard mount, at 9:30 a. m., until late in
the afternoon visitors arrived, some at
tracted through curiosity, others having
friends among the troops ordered away.
The latter wr-re largely in the majority.
It seemed almost a repetition of the scenes
of two year? ago, when the sole delight of
Kan Francieranp scorned to be the payinp
of lavish attention to the soldier boy. The
overage wearer of the blue who spends a
month or so in this city makes hay while
the pun shines, and requires more time for
his farewells than those who have resided
here as many years. Many a fond fare
•wrll was F.iid yesterday.
Every battery of the Third Artillery sta
tioned In California, with the exception of
Battery D of San Diego, which is expected
to arrive to-day, is now in camp at the
Presidio awaiting the departure of the
Hancock. The work necessary to put the
transport in condition for a return voy
age to the Philippines or China Is being
ruFhfd. with the intention of having her
ready for departure on or before August 1.
Albert J. Modir.e. private in Company O.
Thirty-ninth Infantry. U. S. V.. died at
the general hospital yesterday. He came
home an the Hancock suffering from ma
laria contracted in the Philippines.
The funeral of Private Cardwell, a Cali
fornia boy, was held yesterday at 2 p. m.
He was a member of the Young Men's
Christian Association, and the remains
were brought fiom the association's hall
to the Presidio cemetery, where they were
Interred with military honors.
The following orders have been Issued
by the department at Washington:
Feeond lieutenant Russell P. Reeder. First
United States Infantry, is transferred from
Company H to Company M of that regiment.
Second Lieutenant John E. Stephens, Sev
enth United .State* Artillery, is transferred
from Battery I* to Battery I. Seoond Lieuten
ant Arthur K. OlffcIs Is transferred from Bat
tery I to Batten" B.
Leave of absence for two months is granted
KlrFt Lieutenant Albert M. Petite. Thirty
ninth Infantry. Unite-! States Volunteers.
Firrt Lieutenant Arthur W. Chase, Second
United States Artillery, is transferred from
Battery II to Battery I-. and First Lieutenant
Krn«"Ft Hinds from Battery L to Battery H.
Major «'arrr>ll A. IVvol Is ordered to X«w
York City for assignment to duty in the army
transport service, relieving Major John C. V.
Brocks, quartermaster. United fitatea Volun
t«rt, who will take temporary station in ICew
Tork City.
Th« retirement from active service by the
President, July 15. 1300, cf Colonel Edward B.
T3ew Quarters of the Troops How in
Good Sliape — Movements of
Army Officers^ — Presidio
Notes.
Presidio Thronged With
Visitors From Morning
Until Sunset.
NEW CAMP IS
INSPECTED BY A
LARGE CROWD
Her success was immediate and assured.
Her voice is a clear, round soprano, of
good compass, admirably trained and
used with remarkable effort by one so
new to the platform. Miss Padgham
made her first appearance last week at
the Los Angeles Orpheum and Is now
regularly engaged in vaudeville work. It
Is safe to prophecy, though, that this
charming ballad singer will soon decide
her metier to be other than the variety
stage, and yet another will be added to
the long list of Californlan contributions
to the vocal great ones of the earth.
Another success of the evening was the
Joe Sullivan and Carrie Webber combina
tion In the farcette "The Janitor." Mr.
Sullivan's face is certainly his fortune
but some of us would rather be poor. It's
a wonderful make-up. Mazie King's
dance on her tip-tippy toes is a wonderful
performance, and deserved even more
than the generous recognition accorded
it. Miss Burkhart— always a favorite— in
a new play. Williamson and Stone and
the Xieker-Baker Trio wero warmly wel
comed. The return engagement of our
clever Etta Butler is also a big success.
The fifth week of the Henry Miller sea
son at the Columbia Theater wfll begin
to-night- with "His Excellency the Gov
ernor," a farcical romance by R. Mar
shall. It will be presented, for the first
time .In San Francisco this evening, and
to judge by the reputation which has pre
ceded it from London and New York
should prove to be fully as successful as
the rest of the brilliant reportoire which
Mr. Miller and his clever company have
so far exhibited. The cast In "His Ex
cellency the Governor" will Include al
most all the members of the company.
Burton Holmes of Chicago pleased a
large audience last evening at the Colum
bia Theater with his illustrated lecture on
Manila. His carefully chosen pictures. In
teresting personal anecdotes, beautiful
English and particularly his dissertation
on late Philippine history were delightful.
The lecture was patriotic, Instructive and
thoroughly enjoyable.
The new Frawleys will begin their sec
ond week of "The Great Ruby" at the
Grand Opera-house this evening. This
perfectly staged and excellently acted
melodrama is crowding the house every
night and will be continued until, further
notice.
This week sees the close of one of the
most successful seasons of comic opera
that even the popular Tlvoli has ever
seen. "Wang" will retain, the stage until
next week, and the revival' of this favor
ite musical farce is a most popular one.
Next week the Tlvoll • Opera-house will
celebrate its coming of age, with the be
ginning of one of the most'notable sea
sons of grand opera that has ever been
given in this city. Salassa, Avedano, Rus
so, NIcolIni. Ferrari, Repetto, LIchter,
Stewart, are names to charm, and theso
are not all. Many old favorites will be
heard, William Schuster, Quinto Zani,
Frances Graham, Lia Pollettini and the
excellent chorus and orchestra Insure, a
rarely worthy performance in the domain
of grand opera.
« * ?
The Alcazar will present this week "The
Country Girl," the quaint old comedy of
manners by William "Wycherley. written
in the year of our Lord 1672, at the town
of London. Florence Roberts, who will
appear In the name role, has secured the
edition revised by Daly for the use of Ada
Rehan, and Miss Roberts' appearance m
this famous olden time part is awaited
with considerable Interest.
"The Country Girl" was first produced
in this country in 1789 at the John-street
Theater in New York, and last performed
before the Daly revival In 1S39 at the
old Park Theater. Its first production Iii
England took place between 1672 and 1671,
at the theater in Portugal street, Lln
• ¦
"WIlHston, Sixth United States Artillery. Js an
nounced.
The leave of absence granted Major George
Andrews, assistant adjutant eeneral. Unltea
Etates Army, June 21. 1MX>, Is extended three
months.
First Lieutenant John W. Crali?, First
United States Cavalry, Is transferred from.
Troop G to Troop D. First Lieutenant Charles
B. Drake, from Troop D to Trooa G.
Acting: Assistant Surgeon J"hn S. Fork is de
tailed to accompany a SQtisdron of the Third
United States Cavalry to the Philippine Isl
ands.
Lieutenant Colonel Clarence R. Edwards,
Forty-seventh Infantry. U. S. V., captain
Tenth United States Infantry, is detailed as
acting assistant adjutant general in the dlvi-
Eion of customs and Insular affairs.
The company of the Twenty-fifth United
States Infantry from Fort Sam Houston, Tex.,
ordered to take station at Fort Grant. Ariz.,
¦will Instead proceed to F"ort Lopan, Colo., re
lieving. Troop L. First United States Cavalry-
Acting Afsi?tant Surgeon W. Ed son Apple is
ordered from Fort Columbus, New York, to ac
crmpany Company E, Battalion of Engineers,
to San Francisco.
Major James S. Pettlt, promoted from cap
tain. Fifth United States Infantry, to the
First United States Infantry, to date from
June IS. IMO. vice Kdmunds. deceased.
Captain Melville P. Janls. promoted from
first lieutenant. Fifth United States Infantry,
to the First United Htates Infantry, Company
I>. vice I'ettit. promoted. !!«• will accompany
the Fifth to its station In the United States
and then proceed to Join his company.
Car-taJn James Maliles, Tenth United States
Infantry, will proceed to CicnfuegOB, Cuba,
and relieve Major George L* R. Brown, Tenth
I'nited States Infantry, from duty as collector
o' customs of that place, and Major Brown will
proceed to Santiago. Cuba, and assume com
mand of the battalion of the Tenth United
Statos Infantry stationed at Moro Castle.
The leave of absence on Burgeon's certificate
o* disability pranted to Chaplain Patrick J.
Hart. I.'. S." A., is extended two months.
lieutenant Colonel James W« Rellly, Ord
nence Department. U. S. A., is ordered to the
arsenal at Watertown, Mass., on official busi
ness.
Leave of absence for two months Is (granted
to Major John Pitman, Ordnance Department,
U. S. A.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Arlington Pond,
I". S. A., will report at Fort Prehle, Me.,
anJ report by letter to the commanding gen
eral. Department of the Kast. to relieve Acting
Assistant Surgeon Lewis T. Griffith. U. S. A.,
who will, after the expiration of his present
leave of absence, proceed to the Philippines.
coin's Inn Fields, with the King's com
pany. For many years It remained a fav
orite among the English players and all
the famous actresses at one or another
time played the "Mrs. Plnchwlfe" role,
now known as Peggy. But with the
changing fashion of the times, the dain
tier moral stomachs of the seventeenth
century, the coarseness of "The Country
Wife" became more and more offensive
and for many years the comedy lay un
used. Even as early at 1709 in the Tattler,
Richard Steele, by no means squeamish,
excuses the conception of the hero,
Horner. by saying that "Mr. Wycherley
had at that time (1G73) only discovered his
want of knowing the manners of tho
court he lived In, by a virtuous character
in his fine gentleman, as he would show
his Ignorance by drawing a vicious one to
please the present audience."
Then Garrlck. in 17t>6. at that time In
the full zenith of his power?, revived the
play, but expurgated and rechrlstened It,
and very considerably changed the un
pleasant plot. "The Country Girl" has
not been played for a long twenty years
In San Francisco— not since the palmy
days of the old Bush-street Theater, and
may not be played for a long twenty
years more. Therefore we shall flock
early to the Alcazar this evening to wish
good luck to the courageous little com
pany in its worthy adventure.
At Fischer's Concert House a pro
gramme full of novelty has been pre
pared for this week. It Includes Mae
Tunlson. the well-known soprano; John
K. Nichols, an Kastern tenor: Daisy
Rlshop, singing and dancing soubrette;
Westln, "the man of a hundred faces":
Deets and Don, the worthy duo. and
others. Edison's projoctoseope will change
the moving pictures and Hinrlchs' orches
tra will give a new programme.
the banners Is a Bear flag and the other
is the national colors, and they are to be
the standards of the Army and Navy Par
lor in the big parade."
No Hint of Relationship.
The fact that Mrs. Townsend had a
daughter, that her name is Mrs. Ella F.
Murray and that she happened to be In
town at the time of the death of the es
timable lady was a great surprise to those
who knew Mrs. Townsend intimately.
Some of these friends had met Mrs. Mur
ray on her previous visits to this city and
had been introduced to her by Mrs.
Townsend, but the lady whom Mrs. Mur
ray claims was her mother Introduced
her as plain Mrs. Murray and never made
any allusion to any relationship what
ever that might have existed between
them.
Mrs. Murray came here from her home
in Dorchester early in June, and on the
13th of that month secured apartments
at the Palace Hotel. Early yesterday
morning Miss Rattigan appeared at the
hotel and was shown to Mrs. Murray's
room.
near relatives— but that also. I am sorry
to say, I must decline to discuss. My full
name is Mrs. Ella F. Murray and my
home Is In Dorchester, Mass. My mother
was never married to any other man than
Townsend. I was never known by the
name, which was rightly mine, of Town
send, but that Is also another of those
forbidden questions.
"This is my third visit to San Francisco.
When or why I came this time, how long
I have been here and where I have made
my home since my stay here I must de
cline to answer. My mother was born in
Lowell, Mass., on the 17th of June, 1831.
She came to California In 1S59."
It was at this point where it was ap
parent that the Interviewer had exhaust
ed all questions, £hat Miss Rattigan
begged leave to tell of Mrs. Townsend's
last act of kindness.
"She had ordered." said Miss Rattlgan.
"two handsome banners, the finest ever
manufactured in this State, and they vrere
to have been publicly presented to the
Native Sons on the occasion of the com
ing 9th of September celebration. One of
"I want you to come with me," she said,
"to Mrs. Townsend's house. Something
has happened to her."
"Who are you?" said Mrs. Murray. "I
don't know you and I will not go with
you unless you get some one to identify
you."
After some little delay Miss Rattlgan
was properly identified and succeeded in
convincing Mrs. Murray that it was quite
safe to trust herself to her charge.
"Well, get a doctor," said Mrs. Murray,
"and I'll go with you." Dr. Helntz was
pressed into service and the ladies, ac
companied by the physician. Jumped in a
hack and were driven to the Townsend
home. Yesterday morning at 11 o'clock
Mrs. Murray surrendered her apartment
at the Palace and installed herself in the
late home of the woman sh« claims as
mother. How Miss Rattlgan knew of
Mrs. Murray, while Mrs. Murray was al
together ignorant of Miss Itattigan, is
another of the mysterious issues of the
affair.
At the request of Mrs. Murray a police
Police Guard the Door.
'HE DEAD WOMAN AND THE TWO OTHERS WHO ARE JEALOUSLY
GUARDING THE REMAINS.
r m ¦% HE sudden death of Mrs. A.
H S. Townsend, announced ex
clusively in The Call yester
day morning 1 , has developed an after
math of deep mystery. A daughter
of ¦whom no one had ever heard has
appeared s-ddenly and mysterious
ly upon the scene, assumed charge of
all the details of the funeral, taken
possession of the To\rasend home on
California street and denied admis
sion to intimate friends of the lady
she claims was her mother.
A j»olicrmaii gruards the entrance to tho
homo whore a cordial welcome was always
in attendance and where many a sorrow
icp hrtart and litfht purse was sent away
In hap;>y frame and with heavy pocket,
Mrs. Ella F. Murray, the lady who says
the is Mrs. Town^Tid's daughter, and
Miss N'oilie nattijran. for the past six
years Mrs. Townsend's confidential friend,
ere probably the only ones who know of
the last moments of the dead lady. Mrs.
Murray refuses politely yet very firmly
to discuss the m:mer and Miss Rattigan
Is under Mrs. Murray's surveillance, and
that lady declares all questions must be
addressed to her.
The alleged daughter of the dead phi
lanthropist is a woman who has probably
rf-aohfd the hrilf-rentury mark, and in her
round and ruddy fs^e no resemblance can
be traced to the woman she claims was
her mother. She moved about the Cali
fornia street home last evening like a
•woman who was laboring under a great
nervous tension.
Every muscle appeared strained; her
«>yes had a strange, glittering light in
thpm and they seemed to be watching
every move and expression of those she
came in contact with. Her voice, how
ever, was calm and even and under per
fect control and when she refused to an
5Wf r a question it was with a courtesy
that was marked and extreme. Miss Rat
tipa.n was summoned to introduce Mrs.
Murray as the daughter of Mrs. Townsend.
This she did in a most formal manner,
but the confidential friend took scarcely
any part in the conversation. She sat with
downcast eyes and when she volunteered
any information Mrs. Murray was first
appealed to for penniFsnon to speak,
Krs. Murray Is Very Discreet.
"Mrs. Town=<=nd died on Sunday morn
ing at 1 o'clock," said Mrs. Murray. "Of
•who was with her at the fatal moment
and the circumstances Immediately sur
rounding; her demis=e I must decline to
ppeak. The cause of her death was heart
trouble. She had been ill for pome time
and had been attended by Dr. McCon*. I
am sorry, but I cannot make public
any of the details of the funeral or when
or whf-re the interment will take place.
I must be excused from stating whether
rr.y mother left a will, and if she did leave
a will what disposition Fhe made of her
estate.
"I am Mrs. Townsend's only child. She
has other relatives in the East — not very
Last Thoughts
Were for the
Flag, the Native
Sons and Ad
mission Day.
Mrs. Ella Murray,
Who Claims to
Be Her Daugh
ter, Appears on
the Scene.
officer and a fireman were detailed to
guard the house. The police first secured
all the doors and windows to keep out in
vaders. The fireman took up his post Im
mediately inside the front door and the
officer stood on the outside. Each person
who applied for admittance was required
to give his name to the policeman and he
in his turn presented It to Mrs. Murray.
If the party was objectionable the an
swer was given that no one was allowed
inside the house and th« officer commu
nicated this decision to the person in
waiting. Some few were admitted, but
most who visited the house were obliged
to return to their homes without having
passed the threshold of the now gloomy
mansion. .
The fireman detailed on the premises
seemed more to serve In the capacity of
a lackey than in that of a fire flKhter. He
simply opened the front door and closed
it again when anyone passed in or out.
Xo instructions were given him that
would lead him to believe he was there
to protect the premises from fire.
Chief of Police Sullivan visited the
house In the afternoon and' Immediately
after his departure two detectives re
mained closeted on the premises for a
Bhort time.
Result of the Autopsy.
Yesterday afternoon Dr. T. B. W. In
land held an autopsy on the body of Mrs.
Townsend and found that death was due
to hypertrophy dilatation of the heart. At
the inquest it developed that Mrs. Town
send, in company with Miss Rattlgan. had
visited the Grand Opera-house on Satur
day evening:. During the performance she
complained of not feeling well, and she
and her companion retired before the play
was concluded. Miss Rattlpan returned
with Mrs. Townsend to her home and re
mained with her until midnight, when
finding that her friend was resting easier
she left for her own home, on Clay street.
Shortly after Miss Rattigan left Mrs.
Townsend's Chinese domestic was roused
by his mistress' bell. The Chinaman
found Mrs. Townsend ill and suffering,
and at her request went to summon Miss
Rattlgan. When Miss Rattigan arrived
Mrs. Townsend was not in her room. A
search revealed her lying dead on the
bathroom floor.
A prominent attorney of this city, who
has handled much of Mrs. Townsend's
business, declares that the late lady's es
tate is valued at probably JoOO.000. It con
sists of improved property at 1221 Cali
fornia street, on Van Xess avenue and on
Mission street, and large investments in
stocks and bonds and considerable money
In bank.
He said he was aware of the fact that
Mrs. Townsend had left a properly ex'
ecuted will. When asked If he was aware
of the fact that Mrs. Townscnd had left
a daughter, he said he was. but was em
phatic In declaring that her name was nut
Mrs. Murray. The attorney would not
state whether Mrs. Townsend had made
any provision for the daughter, althougii
he did not hesitate to declare that he
was of the opinion that no provision
should have been made for the woman.
Leaves an Es
tate of Nearly
Half a Million,
All Disposed Of
by Testament.
California- Street
HouseGuarded
and Admission
Is Denied to
Her Friends.
MUCH MYSTERY FOLLOWS THE SUDDEN
DEATH OF BENEVOLENT MRS. TOWNSEND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, MOJS'DAY, JUL.Y 23, 1900.
10
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. S3 East St.
O»LS.
LUBRICATING OIL& LEONARD A EL-
LIS. 413 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main ITU.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, 'fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. E2S Sutter. •
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malla I
DIRECTORY
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunle Us.
COAL. COKB AKD PI3 IHO.X
F C U'H SflV * ffl 9C0 BaKery Street.
J'\r niLOUil CV LU-. Telenh.me Main 1S«4.
PRrr nn\/ll c °™er Fourth and
CAFE HOTnLsKr'ag
3c. Overcoats and
COPPERSMITH.
r W C1I1TH Sn| P Plumbing. Steamboat and
V- IT* J.MIlll. ship Work a specialty. W and
1< Washington st. Telephone Main 5«4L
FRFSH AND SALT MEATS.
IK ROYFS & ffl Shl PPln«r Butchers. 104
J A J- DU I C J tt \>V' Clay. Tel. Main 1204.
OALVAMZIN-i AND METALS.
Mfir. & r>ealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHX
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
•¦PAIX> ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 23c Robinson Chem. Co.. H69 Howard.
HARNESS DRBSSINQ.
LITHOGRAPHINQ.
Union Lithorraph Cix. X25 San*ome st.. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for 1 Imprinting of Revenue StarrTs.
METAL-
Extra linotype and" stereotype metal. PaeKla
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San Francjsco.
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TART PDdL!C AND ATT0RNIT-AT-L1W.
Tentu Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckals Bide
Telephone Brown S31.
Residence, SZl Cantonal* at., below Powell.
Can Frmnclaco.
P. KONCOK MeXUIiTY. M.l>.
S6>{ Kfnrny St., Man Francisco, Cal.
DR.MCNULTY.
ri^HIS WEU^KXOW.N ASD BEUABT.KOLO
¦L Special isteurfj Private, ferrous, and Blood tils-
ease* of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20y'rV experience
Patients curert.at Home. Terms reav>n»ble. FlourO
to3<iitlly :G.W to3::» nv'p. HiiitrUr*. 10 tolO. c on.ul-
tMtionfreeand sacredly confldential. Call.oraddreaa
Your
Eye=GIasses
Are Important— even as your eyesight Is Im-
portant. We mean that every pair of «yeglass> 9
we -It nhall tit precisely. Any oculist will tell
jou that we are careful and exact.
Our new clip is secarttx. 50c.
Ocuilsts' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^PH^^Tui.
642 Market 5t. instruments
uwctn cmrowcu ButLD!N6. CATALOGUE fall.
BQWEEM
Those in the country who
can't get clean fresh whole-
Some groceries — such as
they need — can have city
advantages by sending their
orders here
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Claret— VZivifanda 35C
Good pure wine— the age regulates
'the price — rich body — reg'Iy 50c gal
Coffee— Crescent blend 20C
Three good coffees— blended properly
roasted carefully — pure — reg'Iy 25c lb
BaCOn— Ferris' New York 17JC
Cured to perfection— flavor unsur-
passed— reg'Iy 19c lb
Borax SOap— Snowflalce 7 cks 2 <X
reg'Iy 6 for 25c 30 cks $1
Makes a quick lather — requires lu^.c
rubbing— excellent cleansing properties
Sweet wines— imported 75c
Port — sherry — madeira — high class
goods— reg'Iy Ji bottle
Jams— Honey Dew JOC
Splendid substitute for fresh fruit—
scientifically prepared— reg'Iy I2$c can
Cranberry sauce
Makes excellent pie — a dozen cans
at this price will not go amiss —
2 lbs of fruit and sugar— reg'Iy 20c can
Vigor choco\a\.e-ffausipaidt 55c
Known as Kraft's chocolade— its
sale is enormous throughout the
world — reg'Iy here 65c lb
Salutaris water pints $1 30
reg'Iy $i 50 and $2 50 quarts 1 nz
Bottled at the Springs— Mich.—
assi mi tetes readily with food—
.—Improves claret and white wine
Curry powder pint $oc
Bombay— exquisitly palatable—
our importation— reg'Iy 40c
Clam juice— Alaska 2 for 25c
Fine for soup— chowder— broth
reg'Iy 15c can
Mackerel— messed reg'lyjj $250
Choice X X X— 12 Ib kits— suggest
something nicer for breakfast ?
Kieler sprotten 2 cans 25c
Smoked sardines In oil— reg'Iy 15c can
Ginger— crystallized 2 for 25C
Tropical brand— a wholesome
confection— reg'Iy 15c can
Fly paper— Tanglefoot 35c
Box of fifty sheets and holder
reg'Iy 40c— best there is
Tooth paste— Wright's 2 for 25c
Thymol— myrrh— re^Iy 15c tube
French toilet soap 60c
Roger and Gallet— Pinaud— delicate
odors— reg'Iy 75c box of 3 cakes
We are now offering " New Season's "
Japan Congou and Ceylon teas— the
quality this year is/«% up to our usual
high standard
4« rire 132 Sutter »3oo California San Francisco
107J Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
We call attention to our Window Displau of
above goods.
Housekeepers will save from $1,50 to $5,00 per
pair in purchasing their Blankets now.
This week we will commence our ANNUAL
SALE of FINE WHITE BLANKETS, and will
offer them much cheaper than theu can be
Might for later in the season, These Blankets
were all made to our special order hu the
Golden Gate Woolen MUls of this citu. Theu
are alP Dure wool, with handsome borders.
The ends are bound with fine silk ribbon, 3
inches in width.
Theu are in all sizes, from 5 feet to 7 feet 6
inches wide, and the prices are from $3.75
to &15.OO per pair.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FINE
WHITE
BLANKETS.
MATlONE'y AND Pkl.NTU*.
TeI c^de p , hle PARTRIDGE ¦ "*
BflJIE ASfl STEAM COAL. SSF&aK
RIO^^lTi^ki^ 1 ,^^^ £.??,«£
market. Office and Yards—430 Mala street.
PRIMROS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JXJDD CO..
a First st., San Francisco.
Pki.> ri ¦• j.
F f RIIfiHFS PRINTER.
!> t» UUUIIC3. 5U sansome st.. 3. P.
PAT NTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH &. CO.. 9 Front. 3. P.
I5C