AMERICAN TROOPS IN AC
TION AT PEITSANG.
Adapted from Frank Leslie.
WOULD DODGE INDEMNITY.
PALL BUREAU. WELLING- ¦
TON HOTEL. WASHING- •
I TON*, Aug. 7.— LI Hung Chang ¦
*~" has Informed the powers that <
China will bo unable to pay the >
monetary Indemnity, which she ex- ¦
pects the powers to demand as the •
result of damages sustained by >
their representatives and -citizens •
In the empire, and to meet the ex
penses Incurred In consequence of
the prosecution of military ; opera
tions. This declaration was not In
vited by the powers, but was made
by the Viceroy In the course of a
conversation he h»d wlth_the for
eign Consuls at Shanghai." Though
no formal communication has been .
made to the Chinese Government
by any power on the subject of an
Indemnity. LI Huns Chang and
the Peking 1 authorities thoroughly
understand thiit the powers will de
mand monetary reparation for the
¦ damage done foreign property, and
j the military expenses they have In
curred.
United States and other powers it does not necessarily follow
that this Government and others must declare war on her.
Minister Conger's statement that it would be certain death
for the Ministers to leave Peking confirms the belief of mem
bers of the Cabinet.
The dispatch no longer leaves any question as to the atti-.
tude of the Chinese Government. Imperial trops are openly
firing upon the legations. There is evidently no attempt on the
part of the Chinese authorities- to keep up the fiction that the
Ministers are being attacked by the insurgents, Further; than
this, the Minister is evidently firmly convinced that the; imperial
Government, in wishing to have the inmates of the legation start
from Peking, is plotting to have them murdered on the way to
Tientsin.
1A/ILL SPUR ON POWERS.
This dispatch will serve to spur the powers onwafd'to
more determined efforts to reach Peking .without The
message just as it was received from Minister Conger will be
communicated to all. the powers; to-morrow and copies will be
cabled to Rear Admiral Remey and Major General Gha'ffe*
While some members of the Cabinet desire a declaration of
war, at least one of the parties to the conference to-night frowns
upon the suggestion. He said that he did not see how the
Conger message changed the situation in the slightest degree.
Of course proof of the duplicity of the Chinese Government is
furnished, but because the Chinese are making war upon the
The President will sleep on the Conger dispatch to-night,
and to-morrow he is expected to communicate his views to the
State Department, when any changes in the policy of the ad
ministration will be put into effect.
DUPLICITY IS PROVED.
It has been stated time and again by high officials of the
administration that this Government will be the last to declare
war on China, and. notwithstanding the indubitable evidence
now to hand of the trickery which the Chinese Government con
templated in order to lure foreign representatives to their death
no action has been taken looking to such a declaration.
At the same time the question of policy necessarily must be
considered, and as there is nothing to be gained by a formal
declaration, but instead the precipitation of additional compli
cations, it is unlikely that the President will adopt such a course.
For more than two hours these officials discussed the sit
uation with the President, and just before Secretary Foot
ended the interview Adjutant General Corbin, who had been
summoned, arrived to discuss the military aspect of the situa
tion with the Secretary of War and through him with the Presi
dent. Some of the President's counselors are strongly in favor
of calling Congress together for the purpose of making a for
mal declaration of- war. Those officials have come to the con
clusion that they have ample ground for such action in case it is
deemed advisable.
The dispatch from Minister Conger was immediately tele
phoned to the President. There was some talk between the
President and Colonel Montgomery, who telephoned for Mr.
Adee regarding the international phase of the Conger dis
patch, and when Secretary Root arrived the President talked
with him as to the effect of the dispatch both upon this country
and upon other powers.
WOULD DECLARE WAR.
Although the authorities have had ever}' reason to believe
the Chinese Government was responsible for the condition of af
fairs in Peking, it has tacitly accepted the polite fiction that a
mob was in control and the imperial authorities were unable to
regain control. Minister Conger's latest dispatch dissipates
any such belief. He speaks of "the Chinese. Government in
sisting upon our leaving Peking, which would be certain
death," and then of "rifle firing upon us daily by imperial
troops." Taken with the previous information received by the
authorities, there can no longer be any doubt that the Chinese
Government is responsible for the existing disorders. It is
stated with emphasis to-night that the President purposes to
hold that Government to strict accountability for events in Pe
king.
BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASH
l j INGTON, Aug. 7. — Not only are the imperial troops
again attacking the foreign Ministers in Peking, but the
Chinese Government seems to be actually conniving to bring
about their assassination. These facts were presented in the
cipher dispatch received by the State Department this after
noon from Minister Conger and made public late to-night. The
message was promptly telephoned to the President. While no
action has been taken, it is stated on good authority that the
United States is nearer declaring war on China at this moment
than it has been since the Ministers were cut off from commu
nication.
COLOGNE, Aug. 8. — The Cologne Ga
zette's Berlin correspondent states that it
has it from an authoritative source that
Field Marshal Count Von Waldersee Has
been appointed Commander in Chief of the
allied troops in China.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
United States Now Nearer Declar
ing War on the Celestial Em
pipe Than It Has Been Since
Minister Conger Was Cut Off
From Communication.
Proof Accumulating That the
Chinese Government Is Conniv
ing With the Boxers to Bring
About the Assassination of All
Foreigners at the Capital.
Though no decision was
reached to-night it is almost cer
tain that additional United States
troops Avill he hurried to Taku
from the Philippines, even if it
becomes necessary to divert some
of- those regiments uow un
der orders to China to replace
the men taken from General
MacArthur's command. General
MacArthur, in accordance with
instructions from Washington, , is
holding two regiments at Manila
ready ". ' for V service . in China in
At; the White House to-night
the conviction was expressed
that the troops were doing all in
their power to get forward in the
direction of Peking.
Continued on Second Page.
Chinese Rear Guard
at Feitsang Was
Attacked and Prac
tically Decimated.
Reports of Sunday's
Fighting Show That
Americans Took an
Active Part in Driv
ing Back the Mongol
Hordes.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 7.— It is re
ported that heavy fighting took
place last Sunday east of Pel
tsang. ihe allies losing 400, of -.vhom 65
were British. The Japanese artillery
. did splendid service in the face of a gall
ing Chinese crossfire, under which they
' lost heavily. The Chinese were f\rced
to retreat, but saved their guns. Their
rearguard was attacked and practically
decimated.
The Japanese Consul here received
I by wire to-day a message to the effect
I that the foreign Ministers at Peking
j were safe August I. but that they ex
pected a renewal of the attack by the
Chinese at any moment. It was added
I that only twenty-five cartridges each
I and six days' provisions were left. It
I was also said that the Japanese secretary
j had died of his wounds.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— The
! War Department has received the fol
lowing cablegram from General Chai
fee:
"CHEFU. Aug. 7.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Tientsin, August
3- — Conference to-day decided battle
Sunday. Chinese intrenched east and
west through Peitsang. Left of Chi
nese protected by flooded ground, prac
tically unassailable. Japanese. English.
American forces, about 10,000 strong,
attacked Chinese right, west of river
flank. Other forces, Russian. French,
about 4000 strong, opposite side, be
tween river and railroad. Chinese posi
tion apparently strong. Army reported
30,000 between Pebang and Yanptsun,
# or crossing of road over Peiho.
Yangtsun objective. Our force 2000
and battery. Conemaugh arrived
Sixth Cavalry left (at Tientsin) for
guard of city and awaiting mounts
Ministers safe on 28th of July.
"CHAFFER"
CHINESE RETREATED'
PURSUED BY ALLIES
Special Cable to The Call and Xew Tork Her
ald.. Copyright. 1000, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
CHEFTT. Aug. 6.— The allies attacked
the Peitsang lntrenchments on both sides
of the Pelho River yesterday morning and
drove out the Chinese. When forced from
their outer works* the Chinese blew up the
bridge. : The Japanese crossed the river,
exposed to a murderous cross fire, losing
heavily.
The fighting lasted from 3 o'clock until
11. with heavy losses on both sides. The
Chinese retreated up the river, pursued
by the allies, but the pursuit was diffi
cult, as the river banks had been cut and
the ground was flooded.
There is a force of about 15,000 Chinese
about two days' march to the south and
east of Tientsin, which la guarded by 6000
men of the allied forces with fourteen
guns.
An Imperial edict has been Issued at
Peking that the Tientsin and Taku forts
must be retaken at any cost. ,-- : =r
SEVEN CHINESE
OFFICIALS EXECUTED
Special Cfcble to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, U00. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
SHANGHAI.
Aug. 6.— Messages from
Peking of July 29 state that seven Chinese
officials have been executed, including
two members of the Tsung 11 Yamen.
A secret edict has been Issued ordering:
the decapitation of Taotal Sheng. Tu Tin
Lin, Viceroy of Hankow, and Liu Kun
Yi, Viceroy of Nankin.
THE SECOND DIRECT
CABLEGRAM FROM CONGER
WASHINGTON. Aug. 7.— The cable
gram from Minister Conger at Peking Is
the second received direct from him since
June 12. It Is the first which has com*
direct from the Minister since the forey
going date, the other having been re
ceived through Minister Wu.
The cablegram came In the official c^
pher of the department. It Is checked bj
the telegraph company as having been
put on the wlre3 at Tsl-nan. a large city
about eighty miles southeast of Peking,
on August 7. The dispatch reached the
department at 4:20 p. m.. but was rsot
made public until late In the evening.
PKOHIBITS EXPORT OF ARMS.
LONDON, Aug. 7.— In accordance with
the recently passed bill, the Gazette to
night proclaims the prohibition of the ex
port of arms or ammunition to China
CHINESE KRUPP 3 GUN CREW- AT WORK
From Illustrated London News.
THE. FEIHO FROM TIENTSIN
TO PEITSANG WITH THE DIS
POSITION OF THE ALLIED
FOKCES IN THE ATTACK ON
THE LATTER PLACE. A3 TOLD
IN THE DISPATCHES.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— The following cablegram from Minister Conger was received to-night by the State Department:
"TSI-NAN YAMEN, Aug. 7. — Secretary of State, Washington: Still besieged. Situation more precarious, Chinese Government
insisting upon our leaving Peking, which would be certain death. Rifle firing upon us daily by imperial troops. Have abundant courage, but
little ammunition or provisions. Two progressive Tamen Ministers beheaded. All connected with legation of United States well at the present
moment. CONGER."
FOREIGNERS AT PEKING STILL UNDER
THE FIRE OF THE IMPERIAL TROOPS
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE:NTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 69.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
AMERICANS HAVE PLENTY
OF COURAGE BUT
LITTLE FOOD AND AMMUNITION
MINISTER CONGER REPORTS
THAT TO LEAVE
WOULD MEAN CERTAIN DEATHMANILA, P. I.. July 13.— The Insurgents
in the vicinity -ef Cagayan, on the island
rif Mindanao, are becoming so troublesome
that It may become necessary, to aug
rm nt the United States force , stationed
there by a body of troops from some other
station. The insurgents, numbering. It la
«st:rcated. about 10CO in all. are fortifying
Ihe mountain passes and are otherwise
rrcnarins to give battle to our soldiers.
Only recently a detachment under com
mand of Captain Mijler of the Fortieth
Jnfantry had an rxcHing and'bldody'ci
perlence with the natives near Agusan,
iibout ten miles from Cagayan. ••
Correspondence of Associated Press.
Troops Stationed There May
Shortly Be Rein
forced.
INSURGENTS AT
CAGAYAN GROW
TROUBLESOME
.From many- sections .of Uhe: archipelago
news of atrocious mnrders of Americans
and others by insurgents is received.
Three American miners— Lorey, Spring-
Tord -.and.- Rickets— : wcre -murdered at
Baton Island.: two loyal ¦natives were
killed nt Santa Cruz, and a re-port of a
ghastly crime in revenge for Major Max
ino's capture by the Americans comes
Tuberculosis, &t<2; beriberi, 642; malarial
diseases. 33*: <liarrheal diseases, 1073;
acuto lung diseases. 631; typhoid fevei, 41;
smallpox. 7; bubonic plague, ISO; leprosy,
46: 'measles, 4.
The death-percentage during this.perlod
of nine months, estimating Manila's popu
lation to be 430.000. is about 28 per cent.
During the months from January to
June the total number, of deaths, includ
inp all classes, from bubonic plague was
Major Kdie. president of the ilanila
Board of ilealtn. has completed his report
for the army liscal year, which ended
June SO. onirial ilgures were kept by the
board comrai. ncin? with October. IWj.
Dnring the months from October to Juno
Inclusive the total number of deaths re
corded was Jv35. During this period the
total number of deaths, exclusive of Chi
nese, from the different classes' of dis
eases was as follows:
T he paymaster's department is kept
constantly at work arranging for the pay
ment of SSjQM x-fflccr.s and men of Uncia
Sam's army now engaged on these Islands.
The «li«bur?cment is made every two
moatfrsj and the average *um required Is
something ov^-r I2.600.0UO a month, or in
the noighhnrhood 01" tZ2.000,<#>0 a year.
men, were left In the power of the insur
gents. Five of this number eventually
escaped and reported that eight of their
fellows were killed and one taken pris
oner. Captain Miller was wounded in the
engagement which preceded the abandon
ment of the advance. Captain Elliot, lead
ing reinforcements, was severely injured
by being struck by a native contrivance
known r.s a Fpcar shooter. Captain Kl
iiot's men came across no Icfs than a half
dozen of these ingenious weapons. Both
parties being witnout comnia.mi<>rs, the
soldiers wore obliged to return to i;agn
yan. According to the latest advices this
Insurgent stronghold is still untaken.
through official channels. After Major
J.Laxino.was taken prisoner bv our troops
at Unisp.n a gang of Tullsanes killed his
father-in-law, his wife, four of his chil
dren and his nephew, butchering and tor
turing them and robbing the family of
about. $11,000 in money and jewelry. A
do tachment of slxmen under Captain C. H.
Nowberry of the Thirtieth Infantry, with
Major Maxino as their Riilde, encountered
the desperadoes, killing nine and taking
thirteen prisoners, besides recovering a
portion of the jewelry and $1200 of the
money. . .
MINISTER DUDLEY GIVES
RECEPTION AT PERU
Barn Burns on Sresovich Ranch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 7.— Luke Sreso
vlch, the San Francisco fruit merchant
eeerns to be in hard luck in this county.
LaBt night a -barn on his property was
burned, the second fire on tho place within
a week. Last weok th<» packing house and
dryer, were burned. There was no, insur
ance on either building-.'- The "causes of
the fires are unknown, but are supposed
to be incendiary. Three years ago the
¦whole place was burned.
Minister Dudley gave a brilliant recep
tion at the legation last night in honor of
tlie anniversary of Bolivar.
Mr. Dudley also save a breakfast to
day in honor of Minister Guach.illa of
Bolivia, soon to depart for the United
States. It was attended by Senor Bratm,
Bolivian Minister to Peru, and .Senor
Candamo, Mr. Garland, Felipe Barreda,
Belgian Charge d'Affaires, and Champion
Joi>es.- ¦ -j !-.•-
Entertains Dignitaries of the Peru
vian Capital in Honor of the
Memory of Bolivar. " " *
Ppeci.il Cable to Th« Call and New York Her
nia. Copyright, 1500, by the Herald Pub
lishlns Company. .;•..
LIMA, Peru. Aus. 7.— United States
"The entire regiment Is in shape to take
the field at a moment's notice. It is thor
oughly organized and on a level with
many of the regiments of United States
regulars. ' A large number of the men
have the advantage of having seen ser
vice in the war with Spain."
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 7.— The services
of the Third Regiment Infantry, Oregon
National Guard, have been tendered the
United States Government for duty in
China. Colonel Everett to-day said:
OREGON MILITIA
READY FOR CHINA
NEVADA CITY, Aug. 7.— Prominent
Chinese to-d.iy raised a new flagpole and
floated the Chtnese flag. They were told
to place the American flag above tho
Chinese flag, which they declined to do.
To-night at dusk twenty-five youths, aged
from 15 to IS, with a few older men, pro
ceeded to Chinatown, their faces covered
with handkerchiefs, and tore down tho
pole and flag, scattering the fragments
of the banner broadcast over the town.
The older citizens, while not approving
of the act, consider the Chinese were im
prudent v - The raiders took a deadly weap
on from a Chinaman, who made an at
tempt to resist them, and threw it in the
creek. The Chinese were much worked
up over the matter.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEVADA CITY YOUTHS
TEAR DOWN DRAGON FLAG
provisions have been supplied to them and
that conferences had taken place on tho
subject of measures to bo taken to protect
the Ministers during their trip to Tientsin,
whorl?, it is added, they were to establish
their headquarters.
THE RAILROAD BRIDGE AT TANGTSUN DESTROYED BY THE CHI
NESE IN JUNE.
Tangtsun is a considerable town lying on the east side of the Peiho. twelve
miles beyond Peitsang and seventeen miles from Tientsin. There the Impe
rial Railroad crosses the Peiho and strikes off more to the west toward Pe
kLng. The important steel bridge over which it runs was destroyed by the
Chinese during Admiral Seymour's advance to the relief of Peking in June
As the railroad can Boon be repaired that far, it will be used as an ad
vanced base of supplies for the allied forces, A large force of Chinese are
said to be strongly fortified there, and a heavy battle may be expected before
the allies gain possession.
PROOF OF CHINESE DUPLICITY
Continued from First Page.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.—
General Chaffee's dispatch to tha
Secretary of War. although writte-i
two days before the battle at Pci
tfangr. throws much light on the conflict.
It fhowf that the scouts of the interna
tional column had obtained a fairly de
tailed knowledge of the country over
which the operations were to extend, and
that they knew the locality of the Chi
nese troops, their gtrength and character
of their defense. The dispatch Is regard
ed as a refutation of the reports of dis
cord among the commanders of the inter
national forces, as It shows that they
were able to agree upon a plan of battle
Jn which the part rach command was to
play was agreed upon in advance. It is
true that there Js no mention In the dis
patch of the Germans, but it is thought
that this is probably due to the fact that
the German force is small and that it
probably did not participate in the ad
vance, possibly being: left behind to aid
the Sixth United States Cavalry In guard
ing the city nf Tientsin.
According to General Chaffee's dispatch
the American? had about 2150 men In the
battle. The 2^K) he mentions were in
fantry, made up of the Ninth and Four
u-er.th regiments and a marine detach
ment. In addition to these he had the
light battery of the Fifth Artillery, known
rs Reilly'5 Battery, from its captain,
Henry J. Reilly. This battery is equipped
wiih six three and two ten-inch field
pieces and probably Trent into the fight
with about 150 men. General* Chaffee.
himself a cavalry officer, doubtless re
gretted the necessity of leaving the Sixth
Cavalry behind as they would have been
Invaluable in pursuing the Chinese if re
treat became a rout, as is hoped was the
case. The general's dispatch, however,
notes the arrival of the Conemaugh at
Taku. This is one of the three transports
carrying horses for the Sixth. It is be
lievei that by this time ail the animals
end accoutrements belonging to that regi
ment are probably ashore, though they
may not all be held at the front.
General Cbaffee shows that it was the
plan of the co-operating forces to ad
vance along both sides of the river, using
the road and bed of the railway. The.
country on both sides of these highways
1? probably flooded so as to afford pro
tection to the flanks of the advance, and
by eU-aring- out the Chinese on both Fide.*
of the- river there will be no danger of tho
line of communication to Tientsin being
interrupted. The next objective is Yang
ts-un. the V>wn at a point where the rail
way crosses from the east side of the
river to the west. It also crosses the
highway at the sane point. It is prob
able that at this point both divisions of
the international forces will Join on the
west side of the river. Tangtsun. is a
place of eo much strategic importance
that it will be probably left in charge or
si force sufficiently strong to repel any
body of Chinese that might Blip around
the advancing forces and attempt to re
take it
Advance of the Relief
Column Shows That
Commanders Agree
as to the General
Plan of Campaign.
THE LESSON OF CIVILIZATION.
CHINA — Remember, You Taught Me How.-cnicago News.
With Reinforcements Now on the
Way the Powers Will Have
One Hundred Thousand Troops
Operating on Chinese Soil.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL V WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— Word has been received that Japan
reinforced her troops in China by 3OOO infantry and one battery of siege artillery. These
will bring her army up to a total of more than 25,000 men and make it the strongest of any power in
China. The allied forces on Chinese soil, when the additional Japanese troops and the troops of other powers
arrive, will number 100,000 men.
So far from any objection being made by any government to Japan's increase of her military strength.
in China, the powers rather welcome it. The stout resistance the Chinese are making furnishes good grounds
for sending such a force to China that the Celestial troops will be unable to stop their advance. European
nations agree with the "United States that the defeat of the allies by the Chinese would do incalculable harm
and are as anxious that the troops shall capture Peking without reverse as this Government is.
Major Byron, chief quartermaster on General Chaffee's staff, has wired to Colonel Miller, chief quar
termaster at Manila, that he has plenty of lighters and is getting supplies ashore at Taku, but he needs mors
tugs to move the lighters about the harbor. Colonel Miller has sent several tugs to Taku and others will
be hastened there. !
The Sedgwick, bringing home a battalion of the Eleventh Infantry and a battalion of the Fifth Cav
alry, which will be sent to China, left San Juan to-day for New York.
HONGKONG, Aug. 7.— Extensive arrangements are being made for accommodating more military In
Hongkong. The country adjacent is perfectly quiet, although it is deemed prudent to withdraw the mis
sionaries.
Fire at Bluefields.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 7.— A cable dis
patch received to-day from Bluefields,
Nicaragua, gives details of a fire last
night which did 5170,000 damage In the
heart of the town. The buildings de
stroyed were for the most part wooden
and the property destroyed included J. A.
Belanger's lumber yard and store. Sam
Well & Co.'s warehouse, the Metropolitan
Hotel and the offices of the United Fruit
Company.
This Is the Dictum
of LI Hung Chang,
Who Is Doing All
in His Power to
Stay the March on
Peking.
BATTERY 0 COMING
WITH THE BIG GUNS
LONDON, Aug. 7.— The Parliamentary
Secretary of the Foreign Office, Br. Brod
crlck, in the House of Commons to-day,
answering a question, said her Majesty's
Government has informed the Chines..*
Government that its members will be held
personally responsible If the members of
the foreign legations or other foreigners
at Peking Buffer injury. Mr. Broderlck
added that her Majesty's Government did
not think any useful purpose would be
served by further communications.
Answering another question. Mr. Brod
erick said her Majesty's Government had
no confirmation of the statement attrib
uted to LI Hung Chang to the effect that
the foreigners had left Peking for Tien
tsin under escort.
ENGLAND HAS GIVEN
'CHINA DUE WARNING
should take no step to endanger the lives
of the Ministers.
A message from the Belgian Minister,
dated Peking August 2. seems effectually
to dispose of the rumors that the Min
isters have either left or are intending
to leave Peking.
The Chinese Minister in London, Sir
Chin Chin Lo Fens I-uh. says he has
received a telesjram from China announc
ing that a long imperial edict was issued
on August 2. authorizing the immediate
and safe conveyance of all Europeans in
Peklnp to Tientsin.
Several dispatches are printed giving
hearsay accounts of Sunday's battle. The
Daily Mail's correspondent at Chefu, tele
graphing Monday, says:
"The fighting lasted seven hours and
the nllies, when my report left, were pur
sing the Chinese: but owing to the floods
progress was difficult. Thus the Chinese
will have to reform and to recover from
the effects of battle. Only a small gar
ripon. with fourteen guns, remains at
Tientsin, where some anxiety is felt be
cause of a report that 13,000 Chinese are
said to be moving two days' march to
the southeast."
All the correspondents asrree in praising
the bravery and organization of the Jap
anese, but none of them brlnprs the story
much beyond General Chaffee's report.
Li Ping Heng. according to the Shang
hai correspondent of the Standard, has
been appointed generalissimo of the Chi
nese forces and has left Peking to com
mand the troops outside the city.
A' Shanghai special says that official ad
vices from Tuklo announce that armed
collisions have occurred between parties
of Russians and Japanese outside Taku.
This, however, as it comes by way of
Shanghai, must await confirmation before
beinp credited.
The Shanghai correspondent of the Dal
ly Mail, confirming the matsacre of'mls
sionaries at Chuchowfu. skys that two
American women were among the vic
tims.
The Sevastopol correspondent of the
Daily Graphic asserts that the Russian
Government will send 125,000 additional
troops from Odessa to the Far East be
fore the end of the year.
Berlin dispatches say it Is rumored
there that an agreement has been reach
ed between Emperor Nicholas and Em
peror William whereby " German troops
will be permitted to proceed to China by
way of Siberia.
The royal arsenal at Woolwich has
been ordered to send thirty million rounds
of smallarm ammunition to China.
LONDON, Aug. 9, 4=35
a. m. — "In case the troops
advance the Chinese must
fight. The suggestion that the
allies will be allowed to enter Pe
king in order to escort the Min
isters to Tientsin is absolutely
impossible."
This is the dictum of Li
Hung Chang. It was transmitted
last evening to William Pritch
ard Morgan, member of Parlia
ment for Merthyr Tydvil, by his
agent at Shanghai. The agent
had carried to Earl Li a message
from Mr. Morgan urging that
the allied troops be allowed to
enter the capital, and stating that
a settlement could /be made at
Tientsin wjiereby a war of the
world against China could be
averted; but even the optimistic
Li failed to hold out the slightest
hope of its feasibility, although
he reiterated to Mr. Morgan's
agent his declaration that the
Ministers had left Peking, fixing
the date of their departure as Au
gust 2. The ag-ent makes this
comment: "The Consuls arc
without confirmation."
These messages 1 have been sent to I^ord
Salisbury, accompanied by a statement
by Mr. Morgan, urging that the allies
PROVISIONS SUPPLIED
FOREIGNERS AT PEKING
ROME, Aug. 7.— Information received
here from Taku^via Chefu, August 3, says
tho commander of the Italian cruiser Elba
has seen a note of the Governor of Shan
tung, dated Peking, July 30. saying tho
Ministers and foreigners are safe; that
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 7.— Two Hospital
Corps, destined for service In China,
passed through Kansas City this morning
on their way to San Francisco. One corps,
composed of forty men in charge of Stew
art Eutroppe, came from Jefferson Bar
racks, St. Louis. The other was composed
of men who i recently returned to the
United Statesfrom Porto Rico.'
FORT RTLEY, Kans., Aug. 7.— Rattery
O, with. Its sovon-lnch siege guns, the
largest in the "army, and 175 men were
Started for Ran Francisco during: the night
on hurry orders from Washington to pro
co'ert to China. The guns, with the new
carriages just received, alone filled four
oars. ' Two trains were necessary to carry
the entire battery.
"CHINESE MUST FIGHT THE ALLIES IF THEY ADVANCE"
THE SAN FKAXCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1900.
"All foreigners are at the British legation, where we have been besieged by
Chinese troops since June 20. Up to the present fifty-eight marines have been
killed and seventy wounded. 1 v'
"The attack has ceased since July 17. Provisions are almost exhausted. TTo
hope to be delivered next week. ¦ All the Belgians here are well."
BRUSSELS, Aug. 7.— M. de Favereau, Minister of Foreign Affairs has re
ceived the following message from the Belgian Minister in Peking:
••PEKING, Aug. 2.— We succeeded in defending our legation from June 4 to
June 16, but with the aid of eight Austrian marines were unable to save it. The
Austrian, Dutch and Italian legations were all burned and the French legation is
In ruins.
It is not impossible that Minister Wu may be told in plain
language to-morrow that if his Government persists in its pres
ent course it can hope for no mercy, and that every one in any
degree responsible for the outrage upon the ' Ministers, even
though it be the occupant of the throne, will be held to a strict
accountability. The same message may be communicated
through the Consuls in China to the various Viceroys, and es
pecially through Consul General Goodwin, to Li Hung Chang,
in the hepe that through some channel ihe warning of the wrath
of civilization may be carried to the supreme power at Pekin^
and the lives of the inmates of the legations saved.
ALL FOKEIGNEF^S IN BF^ITISfi LEGATION.
Meantime the authorities here feel certain that General
Chaftee and other commanders of the international .forces will
go forward with the force at their disposal just as rapidly as pos
sible. They are convinced that if the battle on Sunday ended in
the rout of the Chinese forces the invading army will follow up
its advantages with little delay.
\A//\RINIING O1R \A/F*/\TH.
an emergency, and it is quite probable that they will be ordered
to Tientsin. General MacArthur may even be called upon to
furnish more than these two regiments.
BROTHER OF BRESSI
HELD BY THE POLICE
Charged "With Having Known of the
Plot to Assassinate King
Humbert.
ROME. Aug. 7.— The brother and broth
er-in-law of Bressi. the assassin of King
Humbert of Italy, have been detained by
the police on the charge that they had
foreknowledge of the murderer's Inten
tion. The former says Bressi frequently
practiced with a revolver.
Altogether fifty-two suspected anarch
ists have been, placed under arrest within
the last forty-eight hours.
New "Woolen Mill Project.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 7.— Santa Cruz is
likely., to have 'a. woolen mill. The Pioneer
"Woolen Mills of Oregon have made aVi of
fer' to . remove here if a site and proper
building are donated. The mill has a
monthly payroll of $7000 and an annual
output of $S60,000.
In attempting to take -bis -command
through a narrow defile Captain Miller
encountered such Ftrong defenses that his
entire advance guard, numbering fourteen
2
EN ROUTE TO PEKING.
Chinese Junks that ply on the
Pelho between Tientsin and Pe
king'. These axe to be the depend
ence of the allied troops for tran
portlngr supplies and ammunition,
and also for conveying the wound
ed back to Tientsin.
Is done every day in small purchases In San Francisco. We want people
to know a Dollar will reach further in our Store in small buys than else-
where. READ THE LIST!
THREE CENT LIST.
1 boy's pocket knife, not extra 3c
1 dozen safety pins 3c
5 papers small needles, 8, 9, 10 ,tc
3 papers hairpins, assorted He
12 fhoestrings, short and Ion? 3c
1 cake breakfast cheese Jt«.
1 pair tweezers ji p
1 box magic salve ; ;j c
1 box Japanese toothpicks ;?<.
5 china dolls, little ones 3 C
1 jumping jack ;» c
1 popgun ."[ no
1 Noah's ark ;j c
1 game, 5c kind \\\[ e
S good cedar penholders c
25 marbles, asserted 3,.
1 pencil tablet. 5c kind, closing '.'.'.'.'.'. 3c?
1 Ppencerlan copy book, closing 3 C
1 Japanese doll " ;> p
ID common slate pencils 3,.
1 box crayon pencils. 7 colors ...'. 30
1 box paints. 10 colors '.'.'.'.'. 3e
24 yards shelf paper, purple, white..!!.!.!!! ;ip
FIVE CENT LIST— let FLOOR.
1 pierced ladle, the good kind rjc
1 little ptew pan for family !!.!!!! 5c
1 good name gimlet .*!!.!..! ."»<•
1 lb March or corr.stareh
1 can deviled ham !!!!!!!!!! Be
1 small bottle bluing '.'..'.'. ."»c
1 cake oatmeal soap {Jc
1 tack puller !!!!!!!!!! Re
12 boxes Vulcan parlor matches Be
1 glass cream pitcher I»«*
1 salt er pepper shaker, f.Hed .........!. .%o
1 little hand scrub, you know them 5c
1 tea or coffee strainer with handle r«c
1 box of frost bite salve 5c
FIVE CENT LIST— 2d FLOOR.
1 composition book. 10c kind 5c
t lady's white handkerchief, hemmed 5c
1 lady's nne handkerchief, colored border... 5«-
1 ledger, farmer's. 36 pages, «.»ixl3'i !»«•
I cheap purse for boy or girl 5c
1 fancy embroidered handkerchief flr
3 steel crochet hooks, assorted 5c
5 Overland Magazines, all different. 1SD9.... r»o
1 CallfornJa wood pincushion ',. J»c
I barrel of clothespins, toy s'ze I. 5c
1 little call or table bell....... *. 5c
1 nice ball for the baby 5c
12 pairs of little child's side elastics, fair.. Sc
1 little 6-lnch doll, not dressed . ~>v
1 little girl's Jumping rope....;.;....."....... 5c
1 small farm yard ;... 5c
Any 25 articles selected from the 5c list -will
be stnt for ..?1.OO
25c— FIRST FLOOR.
1 chest protector. »lxe 2 Sjje
H-Kallon ttn Utlca Compound S**"
3 *>mall-handlf»ii basket* rn?**
2 larse cans brown bread. Eastern »•»<*
60 lbs table ealt. clean, dry ~>«
1 lb fancy mixed candy In box £»«•
1 extension wire window screen -••<•
lft cak»s asserted tollft and laundry soap :.»«•
2 .i!>.n« marmalade, large, pure -•»«•
2 bottles pure tomato catsup. 23c size -•><•
I tins corn, string beans, pork and beans.. ~»e
3 tin* full weight, oysters £»e
1 lb finest butter. Elsrin or California ;~W*
4 small bottles tomato catsup -•»<•
? small bottles pr*>«-n pcpp»r sauce -..«•
2 small bottles capers, capotes -£«•
I lars finest cranberry sauce *.jc
4 iV: boxes be«t hall blue -•_»<•
r. lbs Sultana seedless raisins, nne -._»«?
4 ttm S-crown crvkinir raisins ~.j*
1 bottle 4<V imported olives -_.*
1 lb Schilling's ground cloves _»e
25 CENTS— 2d FLOOR.
8 paoVs env -lores, assorted kinds 2.1«-
1 far.cy waste basket S-»«-
1 child's knife, fork and spoon -.»«•
1 chMa toll. X> inches long i.Vio
t sei telescope Mocks. JOc kind 2."»o
1 ratr ladr's taffeta (tloves. black 2^»»
t dozen school handkerchiefs 27lc-
1 olilld's white lawn apron '. 'ZTw.
\ lady's KirRham kitchen apron lE".e
1 lady*! bl^k *»teen apmn ir.e
1 infant's lens: 'Ires* or slip.. a."i«
s toys jrames. books. ..<• kind - 2.1««
1 V'S flair. 4!» inches Ion* S '£"c
2"> rVsular photocraph envelopes.... !£»«•
fi ruled t.iMets. note size, good a."»c
1 lift!? boy's "A* drum *• ..-."«•
1 pair little baby's shoes. 1 to 4 .....1K»«
•V spools huttonhole twist U.V
1 toy wash set. wooden ware 2Se
t pair little boy 'T overalls, to six years 2."i«»
1 pair of men's working gloves, 9, 9 2.~c
1 bmind book, jfllt top 2T»c
C rolls toilet paper 25c
£/%S&§ STORE
Our readers will be Rlad to know that this n"L\
reliable hou.«? Is now running full blast ui*jS'
the management of the SMITHS.
Our Ion* list of articles mailed, free of postage
will Interest you and save you money. Tha
20-page price list, the "Home Circle,"' sent frw
as heretofore. Address *as above at
25-27 Market St.. San Frarclscc*-MAINES TELLS
THE STORY OF
BLACKMAILING
How He Came to Give Notes
for Large Sums to the
Slovinskis.
Sketches in l>etail the Sensational
Scene in the Parlor of
His Home at Los
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 7.— The prelimi
nary examination of John Slovinski and
wife on a charge of attempting to levy
$15,000 blackmail on Capitalist A. R.
Maines of this city was begun before Jus
tice Austin this morning. Maines, who
was the principal witness, was called and
told of his experience with the Jealous
husband on July 20 last.-
Maines said that he first met Mrs. Slo
vlr.skl while she was stopping at the Gar
vanza Hotel about the middle of last
February, this year. I He saw her but a
few times, as the hotel closed soon after
this and all the guests left. He next saw
her and met her husband for the first
time at the Sea Beach Hotel at Catalina
I July 8. He was at the island on a busi-
I ness trip and saw Mrs. Slovinski on the
plazzl. He had afterward gone into the
hotel and there Mrs. Slovinski had In
i troduced him to her husband. There was
some general conversation for five or ten
minutes and he had left. Later Mrs. Slo
vinski had met him near the bathhouses
and warned him csainst her husband,
telling him not to see her again or speak
I to her, 39 her husband was jealous and
I had made threats to kill him.
The next time he saw the couple was
July 13. when they called at his home on
Broadway. Here Slovinski said to Maines:
"You have rulr.rd my life and disgraced
my child. I've left my wife penniless on
the island and will never go back to her
or see her again."
Maines said that he denied the charge,
when Slovinski' produced a letter and
asked him why. if he had not been frlend
lv with his wife, he had written It.
Maines said that he did not take the let
ter nor pay any attention to It. for the
reason that Slovinski had told him that
It was a copy of the original, which he
intended to have lithographed and sent
broadcast over the country, to his wife's
rel3tl% - es and those of Maines. \
The next time he paw the Slovinskls,
Maines said, was on the morning of July
20, between S and 9 o'clock, when the
couple walked into his store on Spring
street together and Slovinski said that he
had come to have that letter explained.
Maines told the two that his wife was
away from home, so they adjourned to
his home on South Broadway. On en
tering the house Maines went to the win
dow to raise a curtain, leaving Slovinski
and his wife sitting in chairs near the
folding doors. As he turned toward the
two Slovinski was pointing a revolver at
him. The husband said: "My wife has
confessed everything and I have deter
mined to kill you."
"His hand was shaking so, I was afraid
that the thing might go off unintention
ally," said Maines. "but I told him that
if he -was determined to kill mo, and I
knew he could, there was only one request
that I had to make, and that was for him
to go to the telephone and call up my
wife, that I may say goodby."
" TCo. you don't catch me that way,'
roared Slovinski," continued Maines,
"and then he bogan stamping on the floor,
calling out, 'Confess it, confess it. My
wife has confessed everything. Sit down
or I will kill you -where you stand.' "
Maines said that he thought that It was
time to sit down and did so, and 'then Mrs.
Slovinski fell upon her knees, betting
him to confess, paying that her husband
would kill him if .he did not. She said
that he must not think that she had any
thing to do with this, as her husband had
made her do it. Slovinski, Maines said,
kept on accusing him and he had finally
replied: " 'Well, I suppose your wife has
told the truth." and that is all the confes
sion I made. Slovinski quieted down after
this somewhat, remarking: *Now w there is
Just thla much about it. You must give
me a deed to the Garvanza Hotel and
JjiiOO in cash or your life.' Thinking to
gain time I replied,, 'Isn't this a little ex
travagant? Won't the deed to the hotel
be enough?' But he again became vio
lent and the talk continued."
Malnes continued his testimony up to
the point where he gave the two notes for
SlO.OtX) and 55000 respectively, and then he
was withdrawn to erlve Professor Green
of Colton and Mrs. Thompson of tlie same
place a chance to tell about a quarrel be
tween the Slovlnskis at Catalina on the
night of July 11. when Slovinski beat his
wife to make her confess to relations with
Maines.
The case was then continued until to
morrow morning, when the defense say
they will bring out some startling develop
ments en cross-examination.
Bedwood's Era of Improvement.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 7.— The Board
of Trustees of this place are planning ex
tensive improvements between now and
the rainy season. About J?O» will be
spent In purchasing and laying new wa
ter mains and many of the streets will be
macadamized. Cement sidewalks will be
ordered on a number of the main thor
oughfares. The board held a meeting to
night at which the various improvements
to be made were discussed. In the mac
adamizing of the streets It Is the de
sire of the board to have the prop«"«ty
holders do the work voluntarily, without
the necessity of resorting to the Vrooman
act. Already a large proportion of the
owners of property on a number of the
streets have signified a willingness to do
the work.
Fire in Stsnt.
JAMESTOWN. Aug. 7.— Fire In Stent
this morning destroyed three cottages and
damaged two others. The losses are:
A. A. Jacobs. flOOO, Insurance $.$50; G. W.
Langford, $1000, Insurance 1600; A. Man
ginl, JSQO, Insurance $400.
COLMA MEN FORMALLY
CHARGED WITH MURDER
San Kateo's District Attorney Files
on Information in the Su
nerior Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. 7.— An informa
tion was filed in the Superior Court this
morning by District Attorney Bullock
against Frank Lemascher. Caesar Ehler3
and Albert Gaver. charerin? them -with
the murder of Elizabeth Mitchell and Da
vid Mitchell on July 4 last.
The threv» men appeared In court with
their attorney. Edward F. Fitzpatrick.
and were arraigned. Judge Buck set next
Monday morning at 10 o'clock as the time
for the defendants to plead.
The Information charges that on or
about the 4th day of July. 1900. the de
fendants did "kill and murder one Eliza
beth Mitchell and one David Mitchell, hu
man beings."
It Is probable that exception will bo
taken to the Information on the ground
that two offenses are charged thersin.
this being contrary to the rules of crimi
nal pleading.
The three men have been very close
mouthed of late and have refused to b«
interviewed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 7.— Passengers from
Nome, arriving on the steamer Valencia,
report that last year's contest for the pos
session of the richest discovered ground
In that district has been revived by a
suit brought In the United States District
Court, and that the rights ot the claim
ants to a hearing have been recognized by
Judge Noyes. A temporary receiver has
been named for several of the working
mines owned by Charlea D. Lane and as
sociates, and by Jafet Underborg and
partners, comprising the wealthiest and
most extensive mining operators in tho
district.
The contest, which it was Bought to
bring Into court last year, anses over tha
alleged Invalidity of titles held by Lane,
Unuerborg, et al., they having acquired
possession througn transfer irorn Lap
landers', the original discoverers of goi-1
at Cai>e Nome. This possession Is dis
puted by Jonn Waterhouse and a man
named Alelslng, acting, it is said, for a
""Waterhouse and Melsing relocated the
properties in the customary manner, as
provided by the regulations of the dis
trict, claiming that the Laplanders had
no title 'js they were not citizens of the
United 'States. District Judge Johnson,
when at Nome last year, retused to en
tertain the complaint. _
Alexander McKenzle, formerly of New
York City, was placed in charge of the
properties July 3%as temporary receiver,
:ina August 3 waT set lor the nearlng of
tho case. Work will oe kept up on all
the claims under McKenzie's direction
and the employes will be paid from the
proceeus, the balance being held by the
receiver pending the final disposition of
thft matter. .,.,-, , ,,
The claims involved Include nearly all
of those In the district that are big pay
ing properties. The action against Lane
seeks to dispossess him of Nos. 10 and 11
above, on Anvil; No. 7, on Dry Creek;
No. 2, below Discovery, on Anvil, and
several other valuable mines In other sec
tions of the district. Nos. 10, 11. 7 and 2
are among the richest mines in the Nome
Yhe actions against Llnderborg are sim
ilar to the Lane suits, save that It is
claimed he was not a citizen of tho
United States at the time he located his
mines. These Involve two or three Anvil
claims and two on Snow Gulch. The ap
plication for and appointment of a re
ceiver was made a day or two subsequent
to the departure of Lane for the States.
Waterhouse and Melsing
Say Original Locators
Are Not Citizens.
INVOLVES LINDERBORG
epedal Dispatch to The f"-1
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 7.— Superior Judge
Hart this aftcrr.oon granted to the Bee a
ftirtgnynt on pleadlners in the mandamus
proceedings brought by that newspaper
i.g-air.st L>r. "W. P. Mathews, secretary of
the State Board of Health, to thd
production of tho reports on bubonic
plague rendered to the Board of Health
"by Drs. ileuser and Ilyfkogel. The pro
cc-ecir.gs were remarkable In that they in
volved the right of the Governor of the
Stava to ccri/auct an investigation on his
own account and to carry away with him
important documents in no way belonging
to r.is cilice.
Judge iiart pave Governor Gape for his
ELssurr.ptiou of power more than one sound
ra.p, and it 1* more than likely that had
the executive been in gacramento instead
of en his way East he would have been
hauled Into court jukI made to comply
¦with the proper request of a newspaper
for the inspection of public documents.
Maine ws was represented by Deputy
Attorney General Post, walle Elwood
Bruner ccjiducted the case for the Bee.
In his answer Mathovrs averred that tha
reports aeiicd fcr were not In the custody
of his oMice. but vrere at thla time in tha
possession of the Governor.
Upon rhe request of the Be© for Judg
ment on the pleadings Judge Hart cald
that there was no doubt in his rnlnd that
the reports referred to aro public records
and that the proper place for them Is with
the State Beard of Health.
Mr. Pest interposed that the Governor
IisuJ conducted tfio bubonic plague laves
up^tlon.
'•Car. ycu chow ire the- law." asked
Ju<?£e Hart, "where the Governor has any
authority fcr conducting such an Investi
gation? He is not a member of the Board
of Health."
Mr. Post said that the Governor has the
supervision of the oQdal conduct of all
executive ar.<3 rrJr.istertal offices and that
t up<?rvisicn certainly includes a participa
tinn in the conduct of tha public business
of any board.
The court— I co not tii^k so. I disagree with
you en that to Int.
Po«t—tA.*d ur-ler his direction he Is author-
The "court — I>c«s that include the Attorney
General's cff.ee?
Port— Yes, sir.
The court— I>o you think he h*J the rlpht to
exercise th? function of the Attorney General
end to &r> Into the Seprerne Court and argue a
case or f» pive lesral advice to public boards?
Ix> you think he bas the right to exerciee the
functions of the Attorney General's office?
Past— Xo.
The court— Or to direct the \ray the Attorney
G' neral t-houM rive an opinion?
I»o5t— No. That is a rr^tter of discretion.
Judpe Hart practically placed the re-
Epoosibnity for the failure to produce the
rvrsort«= •with Dr. Mathews, saying that
•when a citizen -»-ante.l a record of the
State Bcord of Health he should not have
t^ [ro to a cor.stnb!? for It. and the Gover
nor had no mere right to the custody of
such documents than any citizen.
State's Executive Had No
Right to Conduct Plague
Investigation.
INTERESTING COLLOQUY
Judge Hart's Views on
the duestion of
Prerogatives. ,
GOVERNOR
GAGE CANNOT
BE POOH-BAH
LANE'S NOME
MINES RON
BY RECEIVER
Result of a Suit in the
Federal District
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 7.— The body oi a
woman that may be the remains of M'.sa
"Warren, who was drowned with Mr. Kel
ley some week3 ago. was seen in Rlchard
sor.3 Bay. about fifty feet from the nar
row-gauge railroad trestle above Waldo
Point this afterroon. The train was run-
nir.g to San Rafael and had slowed up
while crossing the trestle. At the time
a high wind was blowing and the tide
was going out The body was being
tossed by the waves and was plainly visi
ble. Deputy Constable Tralnor say9 there
could be no mistake, as* he plainly saw
the hands, and from appearances tho
remains had been in the water for some
time. The body when seen was betr.g car
ried by the wind ar.d tide across the shal
low bay In the? direction of the Lyford
ranch. Whether It was carried with tho
main current out past Belvedere, or was
blown to the shore, will b* ascertained
to-morrow, when a more thorough search
will be made. This afternoon a heavy
westerly wind was blowing and covered
the bay with whltecaps, making the
search very difficult.
The currents of the bay play peculiar
pranks and It Is believed here that the
body may be that of the unfortunate M : S3
Warren. There are several strong cur
rents that set Into the bay from different
directions. In spite of the weather sev
eral small boats spent a portion o* tha
afternoon on the bay making a search.
To-morrow another search of the chan
nels and shore will be made to recover tha
body.
but Will Make Another
Attempt To-Day.
Searchers Are Unsuccessful
EFFORTS AT RECOVERY
Remains in Richard
son's Bay May Be
Miss Warren's.
WOMAN'S BODY
ADRIFT NEAR
WALDO POINT
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 7.— Arnos K.
Ziegler, residing at Doyle Gulch,
seven miles from this city, last
night murdered his wife by cut
ting her throat ar.d then at
tempted suicide by slashing at his own
throat, and though he made several ugly
gashes he failed in his intentions. He is
now In the County Jail.
The terrible tragedy occurred at mid
night, and was tho outcome of an un
happy marriage and domestic Infelicity.
There were no witnesses to the deed; no
one save Ziegler can tell of the woman s
frantic struggles in the road in front of
her home, when her blood-lusting husband
overtook the fleeing woman and did his
murderous work; and when her brother
in-law, who resided in the same house,
rushed out In response to her cries, he
met the murderer with his hands red with |
his victim's blood. Asking Ziegler where
his sister-in-law was. he received tho re
ply:
"She will never come back. You need
not call the officers, as I am going to cut
my throat."
First News of the Crime,
It was 12:30 this morning that Sheriff
Besse was aroused at his home in this
city by Attorney \V. B. Sharp of San
Francisco, a brother of Mrs. Ziegler. ar.d
informed of the tragedy in Doyle Gulch.
With Deputy Sherifta Mullen and Alzina
and Coroner Morgan the Sheriff drove out
to Doyle Gulch. As they neared the Zieg
ler home one of the horses, snorting with
fear, sharply swerved to one side. One
of the Sheriffs men got out of the con
veyance, and lighting a match beheld the
bodv of the woman, face downward, the
head almost severed from the body. In the
middle of the road. Her clothing was
drenched with blood and the dust in th<?
road was red. There ¦were no signs of a
strupglr* there, and the woman had evi
dently never moved after falling.
The Sheriff's men covered the body with
a cloth and went to the farmhouse. On
the kitchen porch they saw a recumbent
form. It was Ziegler, with a slash across
his throat. He was breathing hard and
was conscious, but would not reply to tho
questions put to him. Coroner Morgan,
on examining the wound, found it extend
ed from ear to ear. but was not deop
enough to be dangerous. The doctor
dressed the wound and Ziegler was
covered with blankets. His hands were
still red. ar.d under his body the officers
found the butcher-knife with which he
had committed the murder. It had the
appearance of having been recently well
ground.
Ziegler was brought to the County Jail
thl= morning and the body of the mur
dered woman was taken to an under
taker's establishment. An examination
of the body showed the viclousness of
Zlegler*s attack. He had slashed at htp
victim four or five times before the last
terrible stroke that almost severed the
head. Her hands were also cut and
slashed, showing that she had tried to
ward off the murderer's weapon.
Confession.
This 1s t!»e confession of crime mad*
by ZlesrJer. lying on a cot in the County
Jail thfs afternoon, in response to the re
quest of The Call's correspondent:.
"Ws; I killed my wife.
"Ten months ago she -was sent to San
FVancisco to be treated for nervous trou
bles. Since then she has not treated me
right. She appeared as if she hated me
and quarreled all the time. We quarreled
last night. It was the same old story of
bickerings ar.d upbraidings. The quarrel
started about a dog. She wanted the dog
; tied up. I a^kc-d her why she did not tell
i me before dark, and one thing led on to
' another and finally she got mad.
"My brother-in-law. Mr. Sharp, was In
' the room with us and wo were drinking
Zk-gler formerly lived at Challls, Idaho,
where he was a Justice of the Peace. He
was hi years old. His wife was only 32
years old and was frail and in ill health.
They had been married six years.
"Down the road. She is O. K. She
packed her basket and left, but she
fought like a wildcat. I have done
the deed and have the same knife to
cut my jugular vein."
William Beverly Sharp of San Fran
cisco, a brother-in-law of Mrs. Zlejrler.
was visiting his two sons, who with their
irrandmother had been at Zlogler's home
two years, told of the quarrel between
the couple last night. He said that they
finally seemed to have adjusted the
trouble and so he retired for the night.
After a few minutes Mrs. Ziegler came
upstairs and took some clothing and a
telescope basket. After he had been
p.s'.eep for some time Mrs. Armstrong
av.akened him and told him that some
thing terrible was happening down the
road. About that time he heard muftlea
«pream«. lie dressed and went down
stairs. He m^t Ziegler, who carao In pant
ing, and asked him. "Where is Cad?"
Ziegler replied:
In answer to the question as to the
cause of their estrangement Ziegler had
answered, "Infidelity."
Mrs Evelyn Armstrong, mother of Mrs.
Ziegler. said h<?r daughter was 32 years
old and a native of Marin County.
Late this afternoon at the Coroner s in
quest Ziegler rgain told of his crime In
a cool and deliberate manner. After nar
rating, pubstantlally. the stcry he had
told earlier to The Call's correspondent,
he continued:
"I followed my wife out into the road.
When she struck me I got angry. I
stabbed her In the throat. She threw up
her hands to protect herself as I struck
at hor again. She fell in the road and I
walked away. I had gone only a short
distance, when I heard her scream.
"Then I decided to put her out of her
misery- I returned and cut her throat.
Then I went to the house and tried to kill
mypelf." . i.
Sheriff Be?se testified that Ziegler had
told him after his arrest that he had
killed his wife. She had had no affection
for him.
Relates His Deed to the Coroner.
"I had been preparing for the ending- of
the trouble. A couple of days before the
quarrel 1 had secured the knife. I sharp
ened it and put it away where I could
readily get it. I did this because my wife
had taken my revolver. Six months ago
1 had beon expecting that/I would do
this and it was then that r cleaned and
loaded my revolver, prepared to use it at
the proper time. She found the pistol,
however, while rummaging about the
barn. , , .
•'I loved her, but she wouldn't have any
thing to do with me. Before she went
to San Francisco she was always good
and we wer« happy. She has never look
ed at me except with a black scowl and
was never pleasant.
"1 am sorry I didn't do a good Job. The
knife was too dull or it hurt too Dad. I
drank lots of whisky, thinking it might
give me more nerve, but It didn't anect
me."
"I then told her I would pay her
back for the treatment she had given
me during the past ten months.
beer. After Mr. Sharp went to bed my
wife went into another room and com
menced packing a basket. She said she
was going to leave my home. She walked
out of the room. I tried to head her off
and coaxed and pleaded with her to stay.
We were out in the road by this time.
She said if I did not stop she would hit
me with a rock. Finally she struck me a
hard blow in the face with her hand.
Amos K. Ziegler, a rancher, living in Doyles Gulch, seven miles
from Santa Cruz, killed his -wife Monday midnight in the road in front
of his home, when she attempted to leave the house because of a quar
rel. He stabbed her with, a butcher knife, and when she fell ha cut her
throat, to "put her out of her misery," as he confessed yesterday. He
coolly admitted that he had made preparations to kill her because she
did not love him and they were always quarreling. After killing her
he attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat, but" his nerve
failed him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Then He Attempts to Commit Suicide by Cutting
His Throat, but Fails to Kill Himself
and Confesses His Crime.
Terrible Crime of Amos K.« Ziegler
at Has Ranch Home Near
&»/£llil vvl iSJltu*
SLAYS HIS WIFE
ON A ROAD AT NIGHT
FRESNO, Aug. 7.— If there was any
doubt about the deliberate nature
of the crime committed by 13-year
ojd Fred Himes and his youthful
abettor, who poisoned their fath
er, it was removed to-day by two confes
sions, one by Frankie Himes, the 9-year
old brother of the poisoner, and the other
by Elmer Martin, his 10-year-old cousin.
Both the boys were fully cognizant of
the plot for several days preceding Its
execution, and their stories of the awful
crime show that Fred Himes, who was
supposed to have made a full confession,
told the officers cunning lies in order to
shield himself.
Tho statements of the boys were ob
tained by Deputy District Attorney
Church to-day after Deputy Sheriff John
White had arrested Elmer Martin for
complicity in the plot. Frankie Himes
had been in Jail for two or three days,
but the officers wanted them both before
they took a statement from either.
Frankie was the flrst examined. He
said he knew of the plot for about four
days before the fatal attempt was made.
His brother first tried to kill tho senior
Himes by giving him a potion made by
boiling weeds which he had heard were
poisonous.
"It never phased him," vttlb the
•way the tot explained the effect of.
the drug on his father.
This attempt proving unsuccessful, the
older brother thought of the "Rough on
Katp." The brothers stole bottles and
sacks and sold them until they had ac
cumulated a fund to purchase the poison.
On the morning following the first dose,
while the father was writhing In agony,
Fred prepared a cup of pepper tea for
the sick man ar.d added a teaspoonful of
the ratsbane In the presence of his
brother.
"If the other dose' did not fix him,"
said he, as he emptied the powder
into the pot, "by , this will."
Frankie denied that his father had been
cruel to Fred. He said his brother never
complained of Ill-treatment until after he
had administered the poison. He wanted
his father's team and thought poison was
the only way of getting it. The little fel
low says he ftdvtsed his brother not to do
It. but that the latter wouldn't listen to
him. His story is a point-blank contradic
tion of Fred's. The latter tried to make
it appear that he gave his father the
poison only once, and that he was driven
DEVASTATION BY FIRE
IN YELLOWSTONE PARK
Worst Conflagration Ever Known in
That Begion Is Sweeping the
Timber Belt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont.. Aug. 7.— Deputy United
States Marshal Sam Jackson. Just In from
Mammoth Hot Springs, reports a destruc
tive forest nre that is sweeping the tim
bered area between the Upper Geyser Ba
sin and the lake in the Yellowstone Na
tional Park. The flro started Friday and
was soon beyond the control of the sol
diers and roail crews, all of whom were
hurried to the scene. The buildings at
the Upper Geyser Basin are in danger.
The line of tiro is ten miles long ana is
spreading rapidly. It is not known how
the fire started, but it is presumed to have
been the work of some careless camper.
Jackson .said to-day:
It would take all the men in Montana and
Wyoming to put out the nre. When I left it
was said that the fire line extended for ten
miles and was undoubtedly spreading. The
timber in that region Is dense and the trees
are of pretty pood size. It is unusually dry
and the wind fairly sweeps th« (lames through
the tops of the big pines. The timber on th<j
continental divide Is heavier than in most sec
tions of the park, and the fear is expressed that
the fire will sweep through a gTeat portion of
it. The buildings at the Upper Geyser Basin
were in danger from. the fire. If the fire is not
checked before it reaches the timber surround
ing the b3sln the buildings will surely be
burned. The big hotel, near Old Faithful Gey
ser, was burned several years ago, but there
are a /lumber of bulldlntcs there still. Dens»
clouds of smoke hang over that part of the
park. Everything Is being done that can be
done but men are powerless before such a fire
as this The deer and elk were running out of
the threatened districts. No one knows the ex
tent of the fire, but it is the worst one ever
known in this reclon.
Mr Jackson said that Banker Piper of
St. Marys, Ohio, who strayed from the
Fountain Hotel one week from to-day,
has not been found. A number of sol
diers had been searching for him, but
when the fire broke out between the lake
and the Upper Geyser Basin all of the
soldiers were called In and sent to that
I place.
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— The following
postofflces have been established: Califor
nia— Kendon. Shasta County, Horace W.
Brooks, Postmaster.
Washington— Home v alley, Skamania
County (order of June 20 discontinuing
this office rescinded). ,
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Stephen Tarter, French; Kate F. Salnave.
Hooker.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— Chowchilla, Marlposa County,
J E. Hall, vice F. C. Palmer, resigned;
Jerseydale. Mariposa County, Virginia
I^alrd. vice W. P. Cathey, resigned;
Trask. Sacramento County, 1\ J. Van Lo
ben Sels, vice A. M. Turner, resigned.
Oregon— Acme, Lane County, J. W.
Hand vice Henry Gates, resigned.
Pensions were Issued to-day as follows:
California: Original— Samuel F. Cooper,
Campbell, $12. Increase— John Craven,
San Francisco, $8. •
Washington: Original— David U. I^eake,
Mount Vernon, $6; James Dwyer, Spo
kane, IS. ¦ , ¦ ¦
Patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Jacob Aegerter San Fran
cisco, pick point: Arthur F. L. Bell, Car
plnteria, assignor to Alcatraz Company,
San Francisco, apparatus for extracting
and refining asphaltic material; Austin
J. Davidson, Douglas City, truss pad;
James A. and A. B. C. Dowdell, St. He
lena. Uop bleaching and drying kiln;
George H. Evans. Oroville, assignor to
Rlsdon Iron Locomotive Works, San
Francisco, hydraulic elevator; William
Falconer. Selma, grain drill attachment-
Ernest A. Faller, assignor one-half to J.
\V. Chlsholm. San Francisco, multiplex
telephone; Ethelbcrt M. Eraser. San
Francisco, assignor by mesne assign
ments..Otis Elevator Company. New Jer
sey motor starter: same, controller; Hi
rani A. Knight, Alameda, bottle faucet
attachment; Jacob E. Ludwig, San Fran
cisco, axle lubricator: James N. Salmon.
Lathrop, gate; Heinrich "Saxl, assignor
one-half to A. Adler, San Francisco, mak
ing superphosphates; Robert Schorr, San
Francisco, furnace; Frank N. Spear, Los
Angelos. fuel feeder for furnaces; Wil
liam H Talbot. San Francisco, lock mech
anism for reversible windows.
Oregon— John A. Brown. Portland, port
able conveyor; William C. Church, Port
land, and J. ,B. Mahana, Silver Lake,
Wash., serving apparatus: Mark M. Con
dron. Marshfield. cow milking machine.
Washington— Dewilton R. French, West
port, steam excavator: Edgar F. Lafay
ette, Sedro, guide and support for drag
saws; Otto Wallman, assignor one-half
to C. W. Gelb. Spokane, device
tening cords; William II. Washburn. Oro
ville. assignor " one-half to J. B. Wash
burn, Baker City, Ore., concentrator.
When Fred was first arrested and made
hi3 confession a good many pitied him.
supposing that his stories of Inhuman
treatment at the hands of his father were
true and that he administered the poison
in a tit of desperation. The two confes
sions received to-day throw a different
light on the crime.
Himes will probably die before morning.
He sank rapidly to-day and is breathing
heavily. Dr. Davidson says his death Is
only a Question of hours.
Martin says he saw the first and second
doses of poison administered. He then
got scarce!, and after advlslns Fred not
to give his father any more of the stuff,
he ran away. The boy corroborated
Frankie regarding Illraes treatment of
his eldest son, which he said was not
cruel.
Martin was to pay Fred $73 for a half
interest on the outfit and had $15 ready to
turn over when Himes died. Fred was to
live with Martin and his parents, and as
compensation for his board was to bring
with him the household furniture. They
were to do teaming and Job work gener
ally, and share the profits equally.
Elmer Martin declares that he
knew of the plot from the first. He
and Fred Himes wanted to get the
latter's father out of the way so that
they could go into partnership with,
the wagon and horses as capital.
to desperation by the parent's ill-treat
ment of him.
The shocking story of moral depravity revealed by the confession
of the Fresno boy, Frederich Himes, who poisoned his father because,
as he alleged, the latter mistreat3d him, is augmented by the confessions
of the boy's accomplices — his younger brother Frankie and his 10-year
old cousin, Elmer Martin. They yesterday told a Deputy Sheriff how the
plot had been laid to poison the senior Himes, not because he ill-treated
Fred, but because they wanted to secure his wagon and horses and go
into the teaming business. They told also of the heartless manner in
which they planned the father's removal. Ths story is almost without
parallel in criminal history.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
They Tell an Detail of tfte Deliberate Attempts to End
the Life of the Senior Hames by Baneful
Weeds and Drugs.
YomtlhfHl Accomplices off tlhe Boy
Poisoner off Fresmo Make Coia
iessioira off a Plot,
PLAN HIMES' DEATH
TO GET HIS TEAM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST ,8, 1900.
Are You Registered P^
If not go at once to City Hall. Office
open 8:30 a. m. to 10 p. m. continuously. •
Monterey Bay's Unknown Dead.
SALINAS, Aug. 7.— Monterey Bay ha3
again given up the body of an unknown
man and there Is much conjecture here
to-night as to whether the man was
murdered, committed suicide or was ac
cidentally drowned.
The body, badly decomposed, was
washed upon the beach near Moss
ing, a few miles from here, to-day. It
was found by lishermen. The head was
badly mutilated, while both hands and
forearms were gone. The man must have
b?en about five feet ten Inches tall and
wquld weigh between 160 and ISO pounds.
The remains were clad In a blue flannel
shirt, brogans and home-knit gray socks.
An Inquest was held and the verdict of
the Coroner's jury was to the effect that
"a person unknown came to his death
from unknown causes."
3
ADVZSTISEMENTS.
IenTSeetomen!
AHcst Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Kail
to Ail Who Write.
Free trial packages cf a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who j
will write the State Medical Institute, j
They cured so niiiny men who had bat-
tied for year* against the mental and
phvEical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packapes to all who write. It
it a home treatment, and all men who i
f uffer frora ar.y form of sexual weakness
resuitir.fr from youthful folly, preraa.ture j
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele cr emaciation of parts can now I
euro ibemselve* at home.
. The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
<' - tct of warrath and seems to act direct
to the <Sesir*rd location. g1\-lng strength
ar.d development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
ccrne frcm years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cafes. A reoucst to the
Sta-te Medical Institute. 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire cr.e of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching- that
preat class of irsen who are unable to
ltave borne to be treated, and the freo
sample will enable thtrn to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
vho writes ¦will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a, plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
r^QUfstid to write without delay.
DR. PIERCE'S "^^Cli^"- Guarantred
ELECTRIC <*/TV< t0 be th:
BELT. ' I \ BEST.
W> have belts as lotr as $3. canie as others
reii at murh higher prices, but they are not
••DR. PIEWCE'fe." ir ycu want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
"all to pieces !n a short time, and which may
>* had nt a moderate price, you must have
h 'DR. PIERCE'S."
Call cr tend a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
I." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O i'arket Street. Fan Francisco.
Cr IJ4."» Uroadway, New Tork City.
jgg*. VIM, VIGOS, VITALITY for MEV
/V^**^^ MORMON E.ISHOP'R PIL.1^5
A* * £Ui,,.(f2& have been in use over fifty
i£'-* ''trwi vnn by the leaders of the
fvi^ jt_:z>^jyi Mormon Church and their fol-
tSfSf'-* '*"j>'*(i lowers. .PcsitJveljr cures the
PrfZi', "*\*XA worst caffs in old and young
FA-^Vjjij £ris:r.f from effects of self-
u£3t' '¦'\*'<}i sba-*?. dissipation. *xceej»B cr
V. J ** v "-i v2/ tiesrctt^-smoklnif. Cures Lost
\*£'j*3'-z/ Manhood. Impotency. Ix>st
¦ 'V-. 5r* I'cwfr, Nl^ht Losses. Insom-
cia, PEin* »n Back. Evil Desire*. Urn* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, llnfltness to Mar-
ry Loss of Semen. mmm Varicocele cr Coa-
etipotion. stop* r.e *^a OB rvous Twltehins
cf Eyelid*. Effects JT^,J^- 8 re Immediate.
Impart v:ror and ***=./! j » i»cter.cy to every
'unction. l>on't P r t despondent; a cure li at
(.and. R'-stcre* snvall. undrvelcped organs.
Lllmi'lf f* the brain and nerve centers: 50c *
tjox- £ 'ir II £0 by mail. A written guarantee to
rure cr nji.-*ey refund»><l m-ith r. boxe*. Circulars
frte Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Kills
it San Francisco, Ca!.. CRANT DRUO CO..
li'tind <0 Third tt.
DR. CROSSfHAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets,
Strictures «nd analogous complaints
of ths Organs of i/eneratlon.
Price SI o bottle. For eale by drosslsts. (
¦ That is the object of our remodeling sale. By Si'-vl
gryj j saving you money you buy more an3 keep us busy. H^vf
|i>y>l We trust that this saving will so engage your atten- fpvjf '
|:$| tion that you will not mind the noise and incon- &?M
| £i 1 venience, which is a result of the men at work who W$M
S~ ££| are making our extensive alterations. a^B
v£| As you see, we have made reductions in every i£:|f
|f| Ready-Made Suits Boys' Middy Suits I §|
|jj :. : / : -^ Cheviots of good weight, for- Suits of blue Cheviot, ages 3 C*"'.''*®
SS?>:H merly $ iaoo > are now reduced t0 to 8 years. We have sold them ft T//M
: ?/-:| C^ O^ for six months at $2.25, but now p [''-'. £3
M&Wi ' t>O,^O they go at fp/jP
J9 '-l'»*:l I Other Cheviots in very desir« S-V*"^
g '**•'; I able patterns, which were $12. 50, -_- ra'.V'*^
j| *••}":• Sj are now en sale for :'.'¦ flatS • fi'" ; '**'iS
llK'Vk iy mf\ Q^Z Derby s, Fedoras and Graecos — Sb*^"**'^
|| ; ''>V'|| tpOiOO m ade from good felt in a good @- : :^S
K'.*Jt| . manner; worth in exclusive hat Pw*'ll
B?*5l Fancy Cheviots and black Clay stores $2. 00; our price B-'[--'*§
m •.£: I Worsteds, worth $15.00, for they *+* OA H£'*'lll
g| yl'. S once sold for that, price now tpl.oU , . B:V:'ra
||| Made=to=Order Suits ln ™£ ill
BE \'£. I y ' Suits which sold a short time pure silk, latest creations in com- Sr**- 5
mK^V: 9 ago for $13.50 and $15.00 are binations of desirable colors in va-* S'*V* Z
&£ •>"•: I * now made in the same minner for riety enough to suit everybody. S "•'•'•'^
|(i| • ,$10.00 25c ¦||| j
If&l 718 Market Street. §{?JTrunks and ,VaH«es.
"We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we sell good trunks' at reasonable
prices. Suit cases.. valises, traveling bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks In our leath
er goods department.*' Sanborn," Vail &
Co., 711 Market street ' f •
NEW " YORK. Aug. 7.— The Brighton
Junior stakes of $10,000 was the feature of
the racing at Brighton Boaoh to-day. The
Keen* entries. Commando and Olympian,
coupled In the betting v at the prohibitive
price of 1 to 0, ran one, two, Commando
winning by a neck from Olympian, who
was under double wraps. All Green, rid
den out In a vain effort to catch the first
twp, was third, a length and o half away.
The time, 1:13 1-5, was fast. It looked &s
With Olympian Second.
"Wins the Brighton Junior Stakes,
COMMANDO IN FRONT.
There are 30,000 more exhibitors at the
present Paris fair than there were In
Club*- w. U Pet. • Clubs— "W. I,. Pet.
Brrolclyn ....&» fl .C30; Boston 42 43 .OS
JIURbun? ...46 29 .641 • Ht. Louis SS 45 .45S
Philadelphia 4S H9 .S,3<5 Cincinnati ..39 4S .44%
L'hicaro 4J 42 ,.'"j.N>w. York. ..32 49 .335
rillCAGO. Aue. 7.-Crifflth was in jrreat
form to-day, irivinjj the Brooklyns no more than
Dne hit an Inning, excepting In the third, when
two sir.ples ami a pa^ed ball pave them one
run. Weyhlr.p pave two bases, hit a batter and
was touched up for Fir hits In the fifth. Crosa
upriin rlayeij a wr-nflerful game at third. At
tendance. 12C«0. Score:
flubs— R. H. E.
rhic&go 7 10 0
LJrnoklyn 18 2
Hatteries— Griffith and Chance; Weyhln*.
Ilowell ar.il MeGulre. I'mplre — Hurst.
TITTSBURG. Aue. 7.— Philadelphia was not
Ui the earr.e at any Btare. Not on* of their
men reached third until the ninth inning. Pltts
burg's field work was fine. Attendance. 27U)
Pcore:
C!ub»— R. H. E
P'.ttsbunf » 11 1
Philadelphia 0 8 3
Batteries— Tann^hill and Bchrtver; Platt and
Murphy. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 7.-Brelt«>nsteln was in
ran* fonn to-day, particularly with men on the
I.-..—- f. Cuj-py had his hand split with a liner
In the third, and rptired In favor of Nichols
Th» jocale bunrhM hits in the eighth At
tendance, 1000. Score:
Club*- R. H. e.
Cincinnati 8 7 2
Boston 0 6 0
nattertes— prelter.steln and Peltr; Cuppy
Kichols and Clarke. Umpire~>Swartwood. .
PT. LOUIS. Aug. 7.— A fairly good crowd
vUnessed the last game of the series between
Ptj Louis and New York to-day. Poor field
ing lost the came for St. Louis. Attendance
IT' ¦>. ftcore:
< !ub»— R. H. E .
St. Louis 6 ]> 6
Nrw York ? 8 2
Hatteries— Jones and Crigft-; Oarrick and
Grady. Umpire — Emslle.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 7.— Kansas City S. Chi
cago 4.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 7.— Indianapolis S
Buffalo 4.
I "RTROIT, Aue. 7.— Detroit 5. Cle\-elan<! 0.
MINNEAPOLIS. Aug. 7.— Minneapolis 6. MI1
v. ..uk-t- I.
YACHT BACES AT COWES.
Emperor William's Meteor Loses by
Tiir.« Allowance to the Satanita.
COWES, Aug. 7.— In the regatta of the
Royal Yacht Squadron to-day the race
for the Queen's cup was finished by Em
j.«»ror William's yacht Meteor In 2:27:35.
The Satanita's time was 2:30:115. As the
Meteor allowed the . Satajiita twenty-five
minutes the latter won the cup. ¦
The lack of interest In Cowes week was
emphasized by the fact that there were
only three starters in the Queen's cup con
test. The day was bright and half a g&le
of wind was blowing: from the westward.
Lord Lonsdale was on board the Meteor,
representing Emperor William.
Griffith Pitches One of His Old-Time
Games for Chicago — Pittsburgh
in Second Place.
OORRKCT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
THE CHAMPIONS
AGAIN DEFEATED
RED BLUFF. Aug. 7.— The races opened
here to-day with a large attendance and
the Rod Bluff track record was broken by
Bob Ingersoll in the first heat. Time,
2:1€^.
Bofore the first race, which was for 2:40
class trotters. Bob Ingerssll was favorite,
selling at 10 to a apainst the field. After
the flrft heat he was held at 17 to I over
the others. It took four heats to decide
this race. Bob lnnersoll winning. The
time of the heats was JA6»4, 2:18, 2:17. 2:1'J.
The next race was a 2:30 pace, which
was won by Rey Direct, favorite, at 10 to
5 over all others. In the first heat Rey
Direct broke badly. Bob took the lead
and held it. winning easily In 2:17V£,
Irvington Boy second. Queen R third and
Rey Direct fourth.
The first running race was a naif mile
and repeat. There were six starters. Miss
Dividend won, Koulette Wheel was second
nnd Jessie O third. Time, :4S*£, :4S^.
The closing race of the day was a seven
ciehths mile, with six starters. Whitcomb
won Clarando second, March Seven third.
Time, 1:£S. Summary:
TTOttlne-2:<0 class, puree $1000, mile heats,
three in five. ' •'
Bob Inrersoll. by Lou G (Ceil)...... 2 111
McBrier (Donathan) 1 „ ? t
Banta Anita fitar (Maben) 3 2 5 4
Belle Patcher (Ward) 5 - 2 5
Tlme-2:1CV4, 2:18. 2:17. 2:19.
Pacing- 2:30 class, purse $1000, mile heats,
thre« !n five.
Key Direct, by Direct (Parker) 4 111
Bob (Brown) 1 3 5 4
irvInKion Boy (Ceil) 2 2 3 2
Doc Wllkes (Brown) .5 4 2 3
Time— ?:17H!. 2:17. 2:15H. 2:17.
I RunnlnR— Purse $100. half mile and repeat.
Miss rnvldend. by Friar Tuck-Lela*. 107
(Brown) J
Roulette Wheel. 107 CMcVlckelly) 2
Jessie O. 107 (Eroding) 8
Tlin*-:48«4, :48ft.
D-jrangOt Christine and Walter Brady aleo
ran.
Running— Purse J100. seven furlongs.
Whitcomb, by Whitney L4on-I.«dy, 103 (Suth
erland) • 1
Clarando. 107 (Bennett) 2
March Seven. 100 (Hodlne) 3
Time— 1:28.
Win&, Sudden and Oeorpe W also ran.
Opening Day Marked by Good Sport,
a Fast Track and a Large
Crowd in Attend
ance.
Bob Ingersoll in the First
Race Goes the Mile in
2:161.
TRACK RECORD
SMASHED AT THE
RED BLUFF MEET
DETROIT, Aug. 7.— Results at "Windsor:
Six furlongs— Ahom won. Waterwlck second,
Flora Daniels third. Time, 1:14'*.
Five furlor.gp— BattU9 won, Dolly Wagner
second, Itegin I>>e third. Time, 1:02.
Seven furlonga— G. B. Fox won. Violent sec
ond. J. V. Hayes third. Time. 1:29.
Mile — Ennomla won. May Ella second, Benck
Hart third. Time, l:40H. V
Mile and an eighth— King Elkwood won. Jim
Con way second, Kllsmore third. Time, l:56Vfe.
Seven furlonca — Prince of India won. Prince
Zeno second. Tony Honing third. Time, 1:28.
DETROIT. Aug. 7.— Results at Highland
Park:
Six furlongs— Our Lizzie won. Miss Soak sec
ond, Matlock third. Time. 1:14. ,
Five furlongs— Scotch Bramble won. Tempt
second. Dream lAte third. Time, 1:03. . .
Six furlongs — Zanone won, Foneda second.
Doublet third. Time, 1:13.
Five and a half furlonps— Militant won, Ter
minus Feccnd. Donna Seay third. Time, l:,09U.
Plx furlongs— Queen Anne won. Spaldy Tttec
ond. Sauce Boat third. Time, 1:1514. ¦
Seven furlongs — Alfred Hargravo won, Ice
Drop second, McGrathiana Prjnce third. Time,"
1:27V4.
SARATOGA, Aug. 7.— Flelschmann &
Son's Bonnlbert captured the Fleiseh
m.inn stakes to-day in a furious drive by
a head from A lard Scheck, with Garry
Herrman in third place, a length away.
Results:
Six furlongs— Mr. Jersey won. Kinniklnnlck
eecond, Waring third. Time, 1:13%.
Seven furlongs; selling— Prejudice won, Orion
second, Sparrow Wloe third. Time. 1:27U.
Five furlongs, the Flelschmann stakes . for
two-year-olds, value $5000, of which $1000 to sec
ond and JGfiO to third— Bonnlbert won, Alard
Scheck second, Garry Herrman third. Time,
1.0U4.
Mile and- a furlong— Bangor won. Half Time
second, Doctowri third. .- Time, 1:55%.
Five furlcngs— Chutanunda won. Beau . Or
monde second. Dr. PrePton third. , Time, 1:01%.
CHICAGO, Aug. 7.— Scales showed re
versal of form to-day and easily won the
rich Riverside stakes at Harlem. He was
a 1 to 3 shot last week at Hawthorne and
finished in the ruck. To-day he was as
good as 4 to 1. Results:
Five and a half furlongrs — Sortie won, Oscar
Tolle Ferond. Fork Ford third. Time, 1:01.
Six furlongs— John Grlgsby won, Lucille
Bramble second, Loyaletta third. Time, 1:14.
Mile and seventy yards — Etta won. Plantain
second, Maharajah third. Time, 1:46.' •
Hpvon furlongs, the Riverside stakes — Scales
won. The Lady second, Greenock third. Time,
l:27*«.
Five and a half furlongs — Sandy Jim won,
Barbara M second. -Kdlth O third. Time. 1:07^.
Mile and peventy yards — John Baker won. The
I>ady in Blue second, Mint Sauce third. Time,
1:45.
ST. LOmS, Aug. 7.— Results:
Five furlongs — Mrs. Grannan won. Empyreal
second, Marcla Dent third. Time, l:03H-
Mile, selling— El Caney won, Barrlca second,
Sprung third. Time, l:43'i.
Mile and a sixteenth, selllngr-JImp won, Col
onel Gay second, Marie G. Brown third. Time,
1:50%.
Seven furlongs, selling — Loving Cup won, St.
Cuthbert second. Lord Neville third. Time,
1:27*4.
Five and a half furloncs — Adelanta won.
Merry Man second, Robert Jr., third. Time,
1:09*;.
Six furlonps — The Barrister won, Llbble sec
ond, Diana Fonso third. Time, 1:14%.
if Olympian might have beaten his stable
companion at the weights. He Is eligible
lor the Futurity and will get in with al
lownnces. He is already considered by
phrcwd judges as the probable winner.
Results:
Mile — Exit won. Bardella second, Plccola
third. Time. 1:42 1-5.
Mile ami a hair, the Chantllly hurdle handi
cap—Hardy C won. Old Tank second, Sir Hu
bert third. Time. 2:4S. '
Six furlonps— Apnea E> won, Belvlno second,
Cre>=son third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
Mile and a sixteenth — David Garrick won.
Knight of Rhodes second. Star Chimes third.
Time, 1:45 2-6.
Plx furlor.g-s, the Brighton Junior— Commando
won. Olympian second. All Green third. Time,
1:13 1-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Brigade won,
Silver Garter second. Buffoon third. Time,
1:47 1-5.
Leading Sports of the Day
FLYCASTERS BID
ADIEU TO THEIR
TWO CHAMPIONS
Wish W. D. Mansfield and
A. E. Lovett God- "
speed.
Are to Compete in the World's
Tournament at Chicago as
Representatives of the
Local Club.
?
The members of San Francisco Flycast
ing Club met last night at the banquet
board to wish godspeed to Walter D.
Mansfield and A. E. Lovett, who will rep
resent them in the open to the world tour
nament at Chicago. This will bo held on
the 17th and 18th lnst., and will attract
the most expert rod wielders throughout
America.
Three years ago Mr. Mansfield attended
a similar tournament and swept every
thing before him, proving the most expert
of all those in attendance and winning the
titlf of world's champion. Since then the
Eastern men have practiced the art of
competitive flycasting assiduously, re
ceiving most of their education from the
enthusiasts on this coast. As a sequence
they are equaling in practice the beat per
formances of the local men, and the out
come of the tournament is problematic at
the present time. There is no method of
comparison which can be applied, hence
only the test of competition can determine
whether the repressntatlves of this coast
can hold their own with the men who will
come out of the East.
The trophy offered by the San Francisco
Flycasting Club to be competed for at
the Chicago tournament was exhibited at
the dinner. Tt Is a beautiful gold match
box studded with diamonds and artistic
ally enameled with favorite files of the
anglers. It is offered for the best general
average In accuracy at fly and bait cast-
Ing. It was especially offered for competi
tion among members of the Chicago Club,
but they insisted upon its bein,; open to all
competitors. Its inscription reads:
CHICAGO FLYCASTING CLUa.
WORLD'S TOURNAMENTS
1900.
SAN FRANCISCO FLYCASTING CLUB TRO
» PHY. ' v
WON BY. 1 ........... -rT
FOR HIGHEST AVERAGE IN ACCURACY.
A number of addresses were made dur
ing the evening, fend all \ re-echoed the
same sentiments— that the representatives
cf the local club would return laden with
all Borts of honors. Among those in at
tendance last night were: John Lawrence,'
H. F. Muller. W. IX • Mansfield, M. J.
Geary. C. Q. Young, G.C. Edwards,
Achille Roos, I. I. Brown. Horace Smyth,
H. Battu. A. E. Lovett. F. H. Reed, C. M.
Walker, J, X. do Witt. Professor R. H.
Webster. J. Peltier. Charles Kleln k John
Butler, F.S. Johnson, ; E.T. Allen,:II. C.
Golcher. S. A. Heller, R. R. l'Hommedleu,
Charles Harlan, W. , E. Brooks "and R.
Isenbruck. . ' ¦ •• .
As there were four 7 vacancies in \ the
membership list the following gentlemen
were elected to complete the one hundred
members > to which the club . is limited :
Dr. von Hoffmann. James G. Chesley, B.
M. Blake and C. Rowland -Kenniff.
2:19 claps, pace, purse $1200 — The Admiral won
the second, third and fourth heats In 2:ll\i.
C:13'i. 2:12V*. Braid won the first heat in 2:10%.
Don Riley. Tom Oalhcun. Jennie Mac. C. F.
W.'i -Allie II and Belle Brown also started.
Horse Review curse. $M00. for foals of 1837.
three-year-olds. : trotting— Moebel won three
straight heats In 2:2C'i. 2:19*1, 2:16. Major Del
mar, Lopha, Porto Itico, Dirlsro, Jim Acker
son. Sir Robblns, James B. Duke and Iva Dee
also started.
2:14 class, trotting, purse 12000— Jo« "Watts
won three straight heats in 2:1S>4. 2:17%. 2:17 L i.
lona Electrlte, King Vasco, Annie Burns and
P.ay Star also started.
BUFFALO. X. Y., Aug. 7.— The Horse
Review, a $5000 purse for three-year-old
trotters, foals of 1S97. was the feature of
the grand circuit card at Fort Erie. Ont..
this afternoon. It was expected that the
race would develop a lively contest and
a larger crowd than usual saw the sport.
The race, however, resulted in a straight
heat victory for Moebel. a big bay horse
by Moke, sent out for the laurels by the
Walnut Hill farm of Donerail. Ky. In the
opening pools Moebel sold at $50, on even
terms with Dirigo. Major Delmar and
Iva D. but after the heat Moebel was a
pronounced favorite.
2:12 pace, purse $1000 (unfinished) — Alpha "W
won st'coml and third heats. Time J:C9Vi, 2:C9'4.
I>aily Pipes won fourth heat. Tim?, 2:10H.
P«rsonette won first heat in 2:11. McWIlton.
Freilmant. Flowing Tide, Major Marshal. K. S..
Balmy L.. 1'rlncess Dora and Delta also started.
2:24 pace, purse $>00— Kred Wilton won In
Straight heats. Time, 2:10ij, 2:L">. 2:13. Deco
ration, Plumb I^ire, Jack L, Marvel S and
2:27 trot, puree 11(0— Const err.aro won In
straight heats. Time, 2:17. 2:17. 2:1SH. Joy
Maker. Prince of Darkness. Lily SUaro. Gray
Hillie. negretful. Extinct. Newton A, Indiana
Girl an.l Maud Gentry also started.
JOI-iIET, 111., Aug. 7.— Sensational rac
ing marked thelnaugural day of the har
ness meet at Ingalls Park. The weather
was warm and track superb. Results:
Meet at Ingalls Park.
SENSATIOUAX RACING.
Successful Inaugural of the Harness
Sumner Hardy, the Paeiilc Coast crack,
fell a victim to the maneuvers of Pell, the
Columbia expert. | Hardy was game and
fought out every point. Score:
When the work of the tennis experts
was discontinued this evening the prelim
inary and first rounds of the Long Island
championship tournament had been com
pleted. The belief is general that Larned
and Wrenn will meet in the final bracket
Men's championship singles, preliminary
round— W. A. Larned defeated R. D. Lit
tle, 6—1. 6—1; Sumner Hardy defeated G.
C. Clark Jr., 6—1, 6— 1; S. Boardman de
feated S. Walter, 6— «. 6— 2, 6— 2; W. J.
Clothier defeated C. F. Watson Jr.. 6—3,
6—2; R. D. Wrenn defeated Grenville
Clark, 6—1, 6—0; A. "\V. Post defeated D.
F. Kobbe. 7—6, 6—0.
The matches this afternoon brought to
gether J. A. Allen, the Yale ex-champion,
against Miles; J. D. Pell of Columbia and
Hob Huntingdon; George Wrenn Jr. and
Samuel Hardy, the champion of the Pa
cific Coast; Richard Stevens and George
Miles, and Edwin P. I-arned and Freder
ick B. Alexander, the Princetonian.
Larned was drawn aeralnst the Prince
ton champion, R. D. Little, who fell an
easy victim. Hardy was drawn against
George C. Clark Jr.. a Harvard crack.
Hardy easily outclassed his antagonist.
The play of the. Hardy brothers Is beins
keenly watched by the experts, as they
are now fretting in trim for the National
at Newport next week. Wrenn won over
Greenville Clark of Harvard. The score3
follow:
SOUTHAMPTON, N. Y.. Aug. 7.— The
I»ng Island tennis championship tourney
was started here to-day. The weather and
the condition of the court were perfect,
while the players provided excellent spoit.
Four matches were played In the pre
liminary round and two of the first round.
The national ex-champion, Bob Wrenn, the
veteran, \V. A. Lamed, Sumner Hardy,
the Pacific Coast crack; W. J. Clothier,
the University of Pennsylvania crack:
Sewall Bardman and A. W. Post were the
winners this forenoon.
Long Island Tennis Tourney.
Easily Defeats a Harvard Crack at
STJMNEH HARDY WINS.
The public Fhould bear In mind that on
this occasion the excursion train will
leave the Third and Townsend street de
pot at 8 a. m.. stopping at Valencia street
for passengers. From thence trains will
run through to Monterey without stop
except for registering, and on the return
trip excursionists will be brought into
San Francisco about S:30 p. m.
Thi5 excursion will be handled under
the personal supervision of Mr. William
H. Menton. the w»-ll-known Excursion
rassongcr Akp:u of the Southern Pacific
Company, who will make all necessary
arrangements for the comfort and care
of the *-xcursionists.
Special round trip excursion tickets will
in due tfrm<- be placed on sale at the very
low rate of f2.
The city official? and citizens of Mon
terey have organized a popular movement
to provide old-time Spanish sports In the
t-ame manner as has been successfully
carried out In previous years, only this
year the attractions will be more numer
ous than heretofore. The principal fea
tures of the programme will be lassoing,
saddling, riding and subduing ¦wild bronco
horses; lassoing, throwing:, tying, saddling
ar.«l riding wild cattle; expert horseman
ship, consisting in part of picking up
coins, small arif<"l»\-=, etc.. from off the
ground on dead run: ridinp wild horses
l.arrback without paraphernalia of any
natt:r<\ etc. As new features are added
to the programme duo announcement will
be made. The local committee of Mon-.
terey will soon announce a list of cash
.j>rizes In connection with this event.
There are hundreds of people in and
around San Francisco who will ball with
delight the announcement just made by
the Southern Pacific Company that they
will run another one of those popular ex
<ur?ions to Monterey, Hotel del Monte
i*n>\ Pacific Grove.
Sunday, September 2. Is the day fixed
for this notable event.
First-Class Train Service and a Very
Low Rate.
REVIVAL OF OLD-TIME SPANISH
SPORTS.
THE GREAT ANNUAL
EXCURSION TO MONTEREY
Tim Murphy of Australia and Jim Trem
ble of I.<os Angeles will do battle before
the Columbia Athletic Club on the even
ing of the 25th inst. I>ast night the two
pugilists signed articles to Jight at 150
pounds and both put ,up a forfeit of $200
to be withing the weight limit on the
night of the contest. They will box twen
ty rounds for a decision and Jack Welch,
the popular sporting man, will referee the
bout.
As a preliminary to the main event,
Toby Irvvin. the pride of Telegraph Hul.
will box Tommy Cox, the champion Aus
tralian lightweight. Both lads will weigh
in at 6:30 o'clock on the night of the bat
tle and if either weigh over 128 pounds he
is to forfeit $li<0. which has been deposited.
They will light twenty rounds. James A.
McGlnley. matchmaker of the Columbia
Club, will officiate as referee.
Judd Gibbp. manager of the National
Athletic Club, received a telegram from
Tommy Ryan last night, in which the
champion stated that he would leave for
this city immediately after the Jeffries-
Stift fight, which takes place in Denver,
Colo., next Friday night.
The folio-wing card will be presented at
the monthly boxing exhibition of the San
Francisco Athletic Club on 'Wednesday
evening next:
Joe Hill vs. Ed Hanlon at 103 pounds:
William Scho*-nbein vs. A. Attel. 112;
Charles Wetizel vs. William Martin. IIS;
Alike O'Brien vs. Jack Downey, 118; Jim
Griffin vp. J!m Little. 128; Jim Daly vs. Ed
Long. 135: William Monahan vs. Mike Cur
tln. 140: Her.ry Silver vs. Kid Jeffries. 143,
and Tom Sear* vs. Joe Long, 15*5. Alee
Greggains will referee the contests.
WELCH TO REFEREE THE
MURPHY-TREMBLE FIGHT
The O'Kane challenge cup, which is now
held by Dr. George \V. Kleiser, will in all
probability be put up as an additional
trophy by the Golden Gate Park Driving
Association for one of the three races to
be run at Tanforan Park on its opening
day, September 24. Dr. Kleiser captured
the beautiful cup at the last meeting of
the club with his fast trotter Alto Vela.
It is usual for the winner of the cup to
hold it one year, but the members of the
Driving Association are in favor of hav
ing it contested for next month.
The matter was informally discussed
after the meeting of the organization last
night, but it will be brought before the
members at the next meeting, which will
be held on Tuesday evening next.
The offer of the Tanforan Park Racing
Association to run three races for the
members of the driving club was accepted
at last night's meeting. Steps were im
mediately taken tx> secure entries and pre
liminaries were arranged. As an induce
ment to the members who have fast trot
ters, the club voted to add $50 additional
to the $.'J00 offered by (he racetrack man
agers. The races will be for the free for
all. 2:20 and 2:30 classes. They will be
run In heats, and winners must land three
out of five to take the money. The purses
will be divided at 50, 30 and 20 per cent.
Entries for tho races will close next Tues
day night at 10 o'clock. The classification
committee will then take action on those
submitted.
The officers of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association are: President, J. C.
Klrkpatrick; first vice presidium, E. Aigel
tlnger: second vice president. J. C. Oh
landt; treasurer, E. Stewart; secretary,
II. F. Patrick. * i
O'KANE CHALLENGE CUP
OFFERED AS A TROPHY
5TANDIXO in a bower of pink and
white roses in the parlors of the
P.^rkFhire last evening. Miss Trudie
Curtis and Alfred S. Donau were
married in the presence of a limited num
ber of relatives and Intimate friends. Dr.
Leavitt of the First Unitarian Church pro
nounced the solemn words that made the
happy couple one.
The bride was attended by Miss Mae
Weldon and Miss Florence Donau, who
officiated as bridesmaids. Hugh Donau,
brother of the proom, was best man.
The bride looked extremely lovely in her
beautiful frown of cream white satin and
white tulle. The Jupe was fashioned of the
patin. with the front gore of shirred tulle.
The corsage was of the patin, with sleeves
Mr. and Mrs. Donau leave this morning
for an extended bridal trip throughout the
State. First the north will be \islted
and then the south, after which the happy
pair will leave for Tucson, Ariz., where
they will make their future home.
The bride, a charming and accomplished
young lady, is the daughter of J.' M. Cur
tis, the well known mining man. The
happy husband is also a mining man, with
large mining and cattle interests in Ari
zona.
Miss Wel&on wore a dainty gown of pink
organdie trimmed with insertions of white
lace, and Allss Donau was attired in a
gown of white chiffon embroidered in
ppangles.
and yoke of the tulle laid In the tiniest
of shirrings and outlined with a beautiful
bertha of old lace.
JudP' 1 Heacock will hear the argument
this morninp In the matter of the alleged
* -nbezzi* rr.i.'nt by Arnold of $15,000 belong
ing to the estate of G«'<irge \Villiam Buck.
<l<H-f»a5ed. I^awyer Cormae y<Fterday read
a batch of depositions tending to prove
the charge. The rase is similar to that
of the Sw.iin * state matter, the money
having been Invested otherwise than as
directed by th<* decedent.
There are two other charges standing
against the accused, and his examination
en the soennd charge occupied Judge Hpq
cock"s attention th<> whole of yesterday
afternoon. An extradited person can be
tried in the country where the alleged
crim^ was committed for that crime only.
Hp cannot be extradited upon one ac
cusation and trlod upon another. Hence
it is nocessary that examination should
1,? had ln*ro ct every charge brought
fifrnlr.st him In lyindon.
r.m BchleringW. attorney for Mr. Ar
r.old. said floriag rtcess that he would
rnr/.rft the extradition by taking out a
writ of habeas corpus on behalf of his
client, in who?? innocence he appears to
be a dfvout believer. The record of the
rrooeedir.gs had before Judge Heacock
will be ser.t to the Secretary of State at
WRsMrfrten and the- latter will determine
whether Judge Heacock's judgment
should stand or whether it should be re
versed ar.d extradition denied.
t'nit<--d States Court Commissioner Hea
ooek announcr-d yesterday morning that
there was probable cause why Julian Tre
per.na Biddulph Arnold should be extra
dited to England to be tried for the em
hezzlemer.t of £9K3. the property of the
estate of IV. II. Swain, deceased.
Hearing Will Next Be Held in Matter
of Alleged Embezzlement
in the Buck
Estate.
Judge Heacock Orders Him
Extradited en First
Showing Made.
ARNOLD MUST
FACE CREDITORS
IN OLD LONDON
"We do not take that exact view of the
case at this time, but we havo some ideas.
The most emphatic is that if we should
undertake to make the radical change-s
called for by the I.os Angeles business
men it would be but a matter of a short
time when we would be called down by the
Jobbers of this city and asked that there
should be another adjustment. On that
basis It would be a see-saw and there
would be no satisfaction in the situation
for anybody. The gentlemen from Los
Angeles most certainly have observed the
fact that it is all up and down hill work
from their city and that from San Fran
cisco to Bakersfield the roadbed is prac
tically level. The difference in the cost
of transportation can be readily recog
nized. Topographical conditions regulate
these matters generally, for we cannot
make level plains out of mountains. This
subject has been discussed before, but
this Is the first time the Angelenos have
come to this city to present their claims.
We can see no reason why there should
be any radical change from the existing
schedule, and I do not think there will
be."
"1 was present at the conference of the
Los Angeies business men In which they
usked lor a readjustment of the freight
rates between San Francisco and l^os
Angeles," said Assistant Traffic Manager
Bissell of the Santa fe Company yester
day. "The problem is dittlcuit, and as a
matter of fact we have not considered it
seriously up to this date. It will be given
consideration, however, and I think the
reply will be forthcoming in a few days.
At the present time 1 cannot state what
the nature of the answer will be, but 1
can see no probability of a change from
existing conditions."
"We are placed between two antagonis
tic positions," said Freight Tratnc Man
ager Sproule. "The existing tariff is
based on the lines of business not only of
the shipper but of the carrier. On the
face of the proposition it would appear
that the San Francisco jobbers were fa
vored as against those of Los Angeles,
but when the shlppeqf of the southern
city come to us and asK for a mileage pro
rata we cannot see our way clear to grant
the request. Bakersfield is the main mar
ket they havo In sight, and their plea Is
that as Los Angeles is so near to the
southern end of the San Joaquin Valley
freight rates should be so adjusted as to
give the preference to the metropolis of
the south.
The Angelenos have their eyes on the
region mentioned, and knowing that there
is a large and growing trallic In that sec
tion they are out for it. As a consequence
they have made matters very disagree
able for the men who boss the freight
trains on the two lints ¦mentioned. The
trouble arises out of the fact that the de
mands of the business men of the south
appear to be reasonable. Tney want a pro
raia mileage arrangement, but under ex
isting conditions matters cannot be i ar
ranged to the satisfaction of the parties
The freight traffic managers of the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe companies
are not in a happy frame of mind as a re
sult of the visit of the committee of Los
Angeles business men who are here to
fight for the general business^ of the
Southern San Joaquin Valley. /,
Matter of Distance Is Eliminated by
Reason of the Mountain
• ¦ Grades and Cost of
Hauling.
JOBBERS OF THE
SOUTH JILL NOT
WIN THEIR FEGHT
Railroad Companies Think
Present Freight Tariffs
Properly Adjusted.
ing each year, and that the best exempli
fy the degree before the Great Council;
that steps be taken to prevent suspen
sion by neglect, and that measures be
taken to protect the record's of the order
which aro now insecure against loss by
possible fire.
The greater portion of the day was
taken up in the' arrangement of the ¦work
for to-day. In the evening there was a
competition in Union Square Hall for a
prize of $100 by teams from the follow
ing tribes, the exemplification being the
adoption degree: Sotoyome No. 12. Mo r 'oc
No. 57, Pawnee No. 67, White Eagle. N".
72. Bald Eagle No. 75, Montezuma No. 77
and Altahrr.os No. S7.
To-day the great officers will be chosen.
F. D. Brandon will be elected great sa
chem.
There are two candidates for great se
nior sagamore, James Boyes ana A. L.
Holder.
For great Junior sagamore there are
three candidates, John R. Tyrrell of
Grass Valley. C. JU Davis of Angels Camp
and M. L. Wheeler of San Francisco.
E. B. Wilson will be elected great
prophet.
Candidates for great chief of records
are Porter L. Bliss, incumbent: B. F.
Josselyn and P. L. Griffith.
Great Keeper of Wampum IV. J. Smith
will be reflected.
Candidates for representative at the
Great Council of the United States are
F. Brandt, J. Sims, Hon. J. Buck, H. S.
Winn and A. Andrews.
The Great Council of the Degree of Po
cahontas also kindled its fire at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning with the following
named great chiefs present: Mrs. Annie
E. Gill, great Pocahontas; Mrs. Jennie
Welsel. great Wenonah; Mrs. Mina Rew,
great Minnehaha; Mrs. II. A. Whipple.
great prophetess; Mrs. E. J. Brazlle, great
keeper records; Miss K. A. Keane. great
keeper wampum. There were also pres
ent ninety-seven representatives from
twenty councils. The report of the great
Pocahontas shows a gain since the pre
vious session of 22S members, increasing
the membership to 1395. During the year
three new councils were instituted in San
Francisco and one in Los Angeles. It Is
jrenerally conceded that Mrs. Jennie
Weisol, now great Wewonah, will be
elected great Pocahontas and that Mrs,
Mina Rew, now great minnehaha, will be
advanced to Wenonah. Mrs. Gill will be
come great 'prophetess and the other of
ficeholders are candidates for re-election.
THE NEXT GREAT SACHEM A1TD GREAT POCAHONTAS.
ORDERS OF GREAT CHIEFS
GATHER AT COUNCIL FIRES
THE Great Council of the State of
California, Improved Order of Red
Men, met yesterday in the Post-
Street wiiirn-am in thirty-fifth great
sun session, with Great Sachem E.
B. M'llson of Sacramento presiding. There
were present the following named great
chiefs:
F. D. Brandon, great senior sagamore;
A. L. Holder, great Junior sagamore:
George W. Collins, great prophet; P. L.
Bliss, great chief of records; William J.
Smith, great keeper of wampum, San
Francisco; F. A. Whipple, great repre
sentative. Fort Bragg; George W. Lovle,
great representative. Redwood City: C. F.
Burgman, great representative; George
W. Collins, great representative; "William
J. Smith, eteat representative. San Fran
cisco; J. W. Crone, great sannap. Sac
ramento; F. B. Swan, great mlshlnewa,
San Francisco; C. M. Brown, great guide
of wigwam, Vallejo; S. L. Richards, great
guide of forest. Grass Valley.
Representatives from all the tribes In
the reservation were in attendance, it be
ing the largest council ever held in this
State.
The degree of pasf sachem was con
ferred on fifty persons who by service In
the tribes were entitled to the honor.
J. H. Hutaff of Altahmoa Tribe of this
city was appointed a special committee
of one to furnish the press with reports
of the proceedings.
The reports of the gTeat chiefs were
presented and referred to the several
committees who, are to pass upon them.
From the report of Great Sachem Wil
son It appears that during the great sun
Just closing he paid seventy-three official
visits to tribes and to councils of the de
gree of Pocahontas. Seven new tribes
were instituted, three in San Francisco
and on© In each of the following places:
Berkeley, San Bernardino, San Jose and
Riverside. The net increase in member
ship was S39, the largest in the history
of the order in this State. No charter
was suspended or surrendered and the to
tal membership now is 5024. There was
also a marked increase in finance. The
great sachem recommends that district
deputies be appointed from representa
tives to the Great Council and that such
thoroughly learn the secret work: that
degree teams have competitive work dur-
MARRIED IN A BOWER OF
PINK AND WHITE ROSES
THE SAX ; .FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST S, 1900.
f MR. AND MRS. ALFRED S. DONATT. I
4
A : Missouri .gentleman recently had his
name chanped from Plge to Peak. He
obtained the consent of the Circuit Court
in the district where he resides to adopt
the new cognomen.
"Lucke is selling out/'
The enormous crowds attending Lucke's Shoe
Sale proves that the people know what the low
prices mean. Forty-five clerks were kept busy all
Saturday, Monday and Tuesday, and three police-
men were required to control the crowds awaiting
admission.
Lucke's are most all high-grade shoes selling
originally from $<; to $8--now these fine, stylish
goods are reduced £0 per cent to 100 per cent:
numbers of small sizes— narrow widths— are sell-
ing as low as $oc a pair.
•* No exchanges wiil be .made at these prices-
shoes purchased must be kept — but every care is
taken to fit those buying shoes at $1.50 and over.
Lucke's
832 Market St.
APVEBTISEMENTS. y
|j It is important j
I to dress we//. \
y Fine made-fb-order clothes *
D add very much to a man's
H appearance and assist him In I •
H winning success In life. j
;j Made-to-orticr suits cost a" ]
B .little more than "hanil-me- '¦
I downs"— but consider the d!f-
v ference In general appear-
I ance and durability.
j JTie fact that I import aJl
jt my goods in large quantities
i enables me to make suits
| for 25 per cent less than i
I" other tailors.
y My $20 suits are the best In *
0 America for the money.
1 1110-1112 j
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I ft^A
jm^ No Plates Required. jSj
OXTR REMOVABLE BRIDGE "WORK 13
beautiful arvl durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our $5 Plates f.t like a glove.
Our method for painl^s extracting is patented
ani used by no ether dentist on the Paclio
Cca.«t.
PR/CC LIST FOtf 3O DAY'S f
Pairlesa Extraction -Tin
Removable Bridge work fc.i.W
Airalt,am 5<>o
Mrs. Dr. R. L.. Walsh will attend to tha chil-
dren^ teeth— painlessly.
DR. r*. *-. \A//*l-S=ll-I.
S15H GEARY STREET, between Hydft anl
Larkln. Telephone Pn!k H&
Dr. Meyers & Go.!
Specie! ists for Ailments of Men, p
731 Market St, San Francisco, t
TJNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
PALATINE'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. EXGLAXD, OX THT3
31«t day of December. A. D. 1SJ.\ and fr.r tha
3 - <?ar endlns en that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and SU of the Political Code, condensed a*
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages S 80,050 »
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 1.97R.SSS >»
Cash in company's office 1T3C3 SO
Cash In banks is:.47i I)
Interest due and accrued on bonds
end mortgages _~, S""2 1 «^
Premiums >n due course of collection X>9.2»2 24
. Total essets .12. $37.777 li
LJABIUTIKS.
Loss-es adjusted and unpaid $ 62.R63 77
Losses In process of adj'iatmer.t or
in suspense -. ! ??^'{ "
Losses resisted, lncludlmr eT?en?es.. 3o.604 ¦>!
Gross piemiums on fire risk* runnln?
one year or less. $1997.953 44: re-
Insurance 50 per cf-nt 93S.979 73
Grosis premiums on nre rlak^runnlr?
more than one T^r. U.100.277 84: r»-
Insurance pro rata •-.• •• w».«73 44
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
A?l tC otneVdemand3"asainst the com-
pany ' • *•*
Total liabilities .C.«g>.:>g> 72
INCOME.
Net c**h actually received for fire
ne^^f'or-Vnie-reVt-cn-tcnda-and^-^^ 3
R^-Ivld^r •intVrest-and'dVvtdenJs
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from '
all other sources 95.048 23
Received for profit on gale of se- . -. -
curitles -'- 430 r '
Total Income ¦ 52. 4T3.S37 3t
EXPENDITTBES.
Vet amount rail for fire Inn*, fln-
cludln« *35C.S21 03. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,538.503 57
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ..•••" • .......;.. 517.&3 <ii
vaiA for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, »tc... 137.M1 31
Paid for State, national and local
t»M • ,...-. *\PH 13
' All other payments and expenditures 1O3.«1<5 ??
Total expenditures .J2.M9.940 S3
L^a,., incurred during the year. nrg..Sl,«37lin;
Risks and Premiums. FlreRlslcs. Premiums.
Vet amount of risks
written during the
year CS3.433.342 C.924.300 51
. vet amount of risks j
* expired during the
year ....". 241.7M.2CS •.474.aCO 53
Net amount In force De- '
pember 31. 1S03 msTS.SW 3W.2X1 Z<*
' WM. WOOD. Jtfanaeer.
¦ Pubscrlbed ! and s-warn to before me this 534
day of January. 19OQ. , .
B. S. IXNET. Notary : ruhltc.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT, A
'' Principal Offlce—439 California St,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHAS, A. LATON, Manager.Many Prostrations Occur Owing to
the Hot Wave That Has
Prevailed.
CHICAGO, Aug. 7.— Four deaths and
eight rrostratior.s were reported to-day
as the result of the excessive heat. The
dead:
INFANT r.t 51S Eighteenth West.
FRED DANS, dock laborer. ,
IDA FALKER, infant.
JOHX BURGA17. blacksmith.
MATTHEW AHLES.
The Government thermometer registered
90 degrees.
Ar-sistatit State's Attorney Howard M.
Sprogle was overcome by the heat In his
offlc.-. but his* condition is not serious.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 7.-Two prostra
tions from heat and one death, that of an
Italian laborer, occurred here to-day. The
Government thermometer at 2 o'clock reg
istered S7 degrees.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 7.— Three deaths
find four prostrations resulted from the
intense heat to-day. The weather bureau
reported 92 degrees recorded at 2 p. m.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 7.— The thermometer
at noon to-day registered 90 degrees, with
every indication of going higher befor.e
sundown. One death ana soven prostra
tions were reported to-day. The fatal
case was Jacob Reneker, aged 67 years.
Visalia and Tulare Road Sold.
VI3ALIA. Aug. 7.— The Visalia and Tu
lare Railroad was sold to-day to W. D.
Hoflus & Co. of Seattle, Wash. The roll-
Ing stock and rails are to be shipped to
Stattle and the ties are to be sold In thi3
city. The road will cease operations next
Saturday. Since the advent of the Santa
Fe Railway the Visalia and Tulare road
has been a losing proposition.
DEATH DUE TO. HEAT
IN EASTERN CITIES
Sheriff Taylor's Posse Is Said to Be
on the TTail of the Manslayer
and His Guide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, Aug. 7.— Sheriff Taylor's posse
took up the trail of murderer Kins at
daylight this morning. This information
reached here this evening by one of the
posse, who withdrew owing to a slight in
jury he received by being pulled from his
horse In a thicket. The returning deputy
was unable to outline the route of the
proposed trail to-day, but it is understood
that the posses had divided. One takes
the direct trail in the wake of the fu;ji
tive, while the other posse covers the
background to intercept any doubling by
the murderer. It is feared that this has
been the oversight of the pursuing party
and that King has doubled, thus mislead
ing his pursuers. The inability to get
bloodhounds In this section has retarded
the success of the expedition.
Quite a commontloa was created late
this afternoon by a report that the posse
was now returning with the murderer and
a large number of people gathered on
the streets and awaited the arrival of a
procession of horsemen, but the caval
cade of horsemen proved to be some Gov
ernment agents with a band of horses.
Two trappers coming in from the Mad
River country to-day reported that a
white man and a half-breed Indian called
at their cabin Saturday for food. .They
were afoot and appeared greatly fatigued
and claimed to be prospectors who , had
lost their bearings. When shown a pho
togfaph of King they readily recognized
a close resemblance to the white man
they had seen on Saturday. Everything
points to the assurance that King la
reallv the man being pursued. ¦-.„¦:
REDDING. Aug. 7.— Many residents of
Shasta believe that J. E. King, the mur-
STILL CHASING KING'
THE FUGITIVE MURDERER
prp;t*MrLT ar.<i disorder prevailed at
the meeting of the Republican
;' County Committee last nieht.
]^ Nothing was accomplished. Mem
bers who sought to advocate the
c<Joption of measures to provide for an
honest primary election could not be heard
en account of the uproar raised by ruffians
c.r.d rounders from the Mint saloon. When
ever a warning vclc© was raised against
the surrender of the local organization to
CrimmJns and Kelly the speaker was as
failed *vlth shouts of derision and laugh
ter. Confusion reigned from the etart to
the finish. The anti-boss programme was
to defeat action last night in order to com-
After the adjournment of the meeting
last night Dibble strenuously denied that
the Goldberg scheme emanated from him.
It is a well-known fact, however, that
Alfred Bouvier, chairman of the County
Committee; John C. Lynch. United States
Revenue Collector, and H. C Dibble held
ji secret and prolonged conference yester
day afternoon in a back room of the Re
publican State headquarters. Palace Ho
tel. It v.-as surmised by members of the
County Committee who had been apprised
of the afternoon secret conference that
the Goldberg scheme was then concocted.
It is a significant fact that Dibble and
Lynch attended the session last night and
pent for Bouvier just before the session
began, and he repponded to their sum
mons.
When Goldberg raw tho weakness of
his scheme he advocated an adjournment
until next Friday night. 1'rlor to the in
troduction of the boss' plan I. J. Truman
Jr. presented a fair proposition, but It
was not considered on its merits, as A.
In the work of demoralizing the organi
zation II. C. Dibble and bogus Telegram
Lynch assisted the immediate followers
of Crimmins and Kelly. Kfforts were
made by Chairman Bouvier to secure an
orderly consideration of the business on
hand, but the howling rounders in the rear
of the hall paid do attention to his ruling*.
When Max Goldberg, a recognized
agent of the bosses, spoke the ruffianly
elements did not interrupt. Goldberg pre
sented a scheme to give Dibble and Wolf
the management of the primaries in their
respective districts, and to place the re
mainder of the works In the hands of
Crimmins and Kelly. The measure failed
to carry because A. Ruef raised the in
vincible point of order that the Goldberg
scheme aid not embrace a call for a con
vention or set forth the apportionment of
delegates to each district. The bosses
who framed the scheme and placed it in
Goldbergs hands for introduction over
looked the important fact that the call
for the convention previously adopted
had been overthrown by the action of
the Supreme Court decision.
plete the work of undermining the com
mittee and compelling its absolute cap'tu
lation to the bosses.
The uncompromising anti-boss Republi
cans have lost faith in Chairman Bouvier.
It is a known fact that he holds secret
conferences with Dibble and Lynch, who
represent nothing but the Southern Pa
cific political bureau. When he was chosen
chairman he promised to stand for the
people and advocate clean and decent pol
itics, but he is so wavering and uncertain
that Republicans of character and Inde
pendence have lost all regard for his pro
fessions of loyalty to high principles.
Expressions freely uttered after the ad
journment last night signify that the Re
publican taxpayers-' and property owners
will never submit to the boss rule of
Crimmins and Kelly. It wns asserted
that under the banner of McKlnley and
Roosevelt the law-abiding and decent Re
publicans wouid organize independently
of the bosses In every district of San
Francisco and fight the battle of reform
to the finish.
The stalwart anti-boss Republicans, who
have been true to the party and the peo
ple from the beginning of the campaign
against the bosses one year ago, acknowl
edged last night that Ilerrin, Kelly and
Crimmins. assisted by Lynch and others
in the employ of the Southern Pacific, had
practically gained control of the County
Committee.
Bosses Practically Controlled.
It was provided that a place for con
ducting the primaries should be prepared
by this subcommittee and submitted to the
¦whole committee for ratification. It was
argued that the proposition was fair in
all respects. A roll call was taken, which
resulted In a deffat of the motion. Forty
seven members voted against It and thir
ty-seven for it. After the announcement
of the vote, which was regarded as a test,
the bosses claimed that they had captured
the committee, and their claim was not
vigorously disputed.
-?—$<-?-•?— •- <?>-?- <•?> -?- Q~+-$-+-§-4-fy~+- O
Ruef moved Its reference, together with
the Goldberg plan, to a committee of
seven— three to be appointed from those
voting In the majority at the meeting last
Wednesday night, throe from those voting
In the minority and the seventh to be the
chairman.
PROMINENT CHARACTERS SEEN BY CARICATURIST WARREN AT THE
REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE MEETING.
Republican County Committee Demoralized by
Unclean Influences — Decent Men Revolt
Against Rule of Ruffians and Rounders.
BOSSES DEFEAT PLANS FOR
HONEST PRIMARY ELECTIONS
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 7.— About two
weeks ago typical anthrax, or splenic
fever, broke out in the dairy herd on the
Tlttemore ranch, about seven miles up the
river from this city on the Yolo side, and
many of the cattle and several horses
have died. Dr. Megowan, Milk, Food and
Market Inspector of this city, recently
visited the ranch, and after a microscopic
examination of the blood, pronounced the
disease to be anthrax beyond a doubt.
The herd has been vaccinated and quar
antined and it is hoped there will be no
spread of the disease.
Splenic Fever on a Yolo Ranch.
Dead: Dysentery— Thirtieth Infantry,
Francis L Tate. Mile3 Joines: Hospital
Corps, George Wetzel; Forty-sixth Infan
try, John Ellery; Twenty-seventh Infan
try, John B. Wright; Thirty-fifth Infan
try, Cook John C. McDaniel; Eighteen h
Infantry, Walter H. Baker; Twenty-iirst
Infantry, Daniel J. Breslin; Thirty-ninth
Infantry, Joseph Collins; Third Infantry,
John Jordan, John Cerveny; Fourth In
fantry, Sam M. Daum; Twenty-sixth In
fantry, William L. Daly; Thirty-first In
fantry, James Cunningham; Charlea Fes
tilow. Corporal John A. Henderly; Twen
ty-seventh Infantry, William T. Hodges;
Thirty-second Infantry, Second LJeuten
ant Frank Agel; Corporal Gustave From
berg; Third Infantry, Russell Knapp;
I Sixth Infantry, John Himes; Thirtieth In
fantry, George K. Schuster; Forty-first
Infantry, Claud Winn.
Malarial fever — Thirty-fifth Infantry,
Frank E. Annis; Forty-first Infantry. Mu
sician Abraham Frubaker; Thirtieth In
fantry, Charles E. Barsener; Thirty
fourth Infantry. Otis D. Cole; Thirty-first
Infantry, Corporal William E-. Hardey:
Troop M, Thirty-fourth Cavalry, John W.
Malukie; Thirty-seventh Infantry, Jesse
S. Alexander; Forty-seventh Infantry,
Wort Skinner.
Typhoid fever — Thirty-seventh Infantry,
L.eon D. Coolidge; Thirtieth Infantry, Ser
geant Joel R. Linsley; Forty-second In
fantry, George I. Risner; Twenty-seventh
Infantry, Andrew Muller.
Variola— Forty-eighth Infantry, "William
II Bothwell: Thirtieth Infantry. "William
Brown: Twenty-fourth Infantry, Clarence
Byrd; Thirtieth Infantry, Sergeant George
Conley, Charles Pearson; For:ieth J:i
fantry, U. G. Heath, Moses Thomas,
Thirty-third Infantry, Tllden H. Hayes.
Diarrhea — Thirtieth Infantry, Jacob
Heinz, Victor E. Wlgler; Fourth Cavalry,
James A. Green.
Drowned — Forty-ninth Infantry, John
Evans; July 22, Forty- fourth Infantry,
Jesse I. Jackson.
Died from wounds received in action —
Forty-third Infantry, Thomas Mixon;
Third Infantry, James Gray.
Heart disease — Thirty-eighth Infantry.
Asa T. Johns. John Crook.
Shot while resisting arrest, having de
serted—Twenty-ninth Volunteer Infantry.
Musician Joe Corrin, Walter J. Mlckler.
Pneumonia — Twenty-sixth Infantry,
Fred Ricter.
Apoplexy — Thirty-ninth Infantry, John
Porter.
Overdose morphine — Forty-sixth In
fantry, Percy Schryver.
Pyemla— Thirty-fourth Infantry, Wil
liam R. Davis.
Acute mania — Eighteenth Infantry,
Charles II. Feber.
WASHINGTON', Aug. 7.— The War De
partment has received the following from
General MacArthur at Manila:
Names of Soldiers Who Have Died
Recently in the Philippines.
MACARTHtn&'S DEATH LIST.
derer, is trying to get into this county to
his old home. King Is -well acquainted all
over Shasta and Modoc counties. Once In
the mountains he doubtless finds good
hiding- and some one tc supply him food.
Several years ago .he had a jewelry store
in Redding and later followed cattle rais
ing east of here. Then he farmed In Fall
River Valley, eighty miles northeast of
Redding. He cnce shot "a man nara^d
William Messingill at Adin, Modoc Coun
ty, but was acquitted of the crime. Sher
iff Behrens of this county received sev
eral letters from Sheriff Taylor of Marin
County about the matter of late and is
keeping a sharp watch.
THE SAi* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1900.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEaiENTS.
It reaches the tore spots— It heals the raw
places — It poc* to the seat of disease— It acts at
a balm and tonic to the whole system— fi.OO at
druggUU or sent by mail. 1506 A rch St., Phila-
Clouds of. Medicated Vapor • are Inhaled
through tbc ciouth ¦ and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and yaporlzlng all the Inflamed
f.cil diseased ports which cannot be reached by
Ecdlclne.taUcn', Into the stoasch.
CURES
CATARRH
MUNYON'S INHALER
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 3ZZ Market.
Jvisi* OR -JORDAN'S great ?i
\ Cr '^ llc Lrr;est ArjtcoioU Mo»etnn in the \
¦3 _ i*__. World V> ei-!:ar->»» or J->jr cmtrictcd Q
Z- .'/T .. ¦->•- p.-.«J»rl; trurf^iTihcolial !"
B JIT. ¦ Slj ±:-tizjmc~ti*. CcasS. E*t 36 7<>»ra- 9
t *§£?£ 2S - •'M0*H"?BWATE OISEASES $
\ ''rtlEJ^B <-'>j«lt»th>rj fren and itrirtiy printe. \
(>' h E"""*" !*-»"»al 1 r « *>y tetter. A 4
" 'if \ r l ' a€ "* c C-VreiocTerjrc«*e3»Jsrtak«i. \
(2 P* J : * & ¦ r «« 'or Book. ?BILONarBVTfJ
2 ll *»*«UCi:, MAILED PROS. 'A\
<J 4 '1 •¦^•rtUc btoi (a su-ol A
7 :*u v'-iec;.?: &<o.,ias! Mametat..s. F. f
of San Francisco, Trustee.
Dated August 2. WOO.
at which time proposals will be opened. No bid
will be considered exceeding 10 per cent above
the face value of bonds. Proposals \o be
Indorsed "Proposals for the Surrender of First
Mortgage Bonds Oceanic Steamship Company.: 1
UNION TRUST COMPANY
THE
9th DAY CF AUGUST, 190O,
12 M. ON THURSDAY,
SAIN FRANCISCO,
For the surrender of said bonds, until
CITY AIND COUNTY
IN THE
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Are hereby notified that there is now In the
hands of the undersigned trustee, under the
mortgage or deed of trust by which the pay-
ment of said bonds Is secured, the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars In cold, which under
the terms of *aid mortgaRe is applicable to the
redemption or purchase of said bonds, and that
the undersigned will receive sealed bids suits
office, situated at
2 MONTGOMERY STREET,
Holders of bonds of the
NOTICE
OF
Redemption 2 Bonds
• ... — — — . ¦
Offioet wbA HMTital. entire upper floo-.
997 Market St.. Cor. Sixth.
Uv far the greater number of patients, bow-
fU f iMlfiflir relief for so-called •¦Weakr.pss'" Is
}ur-i'irhe<5 by healthy and robust mt-r.. On ex-
amination »«• C.i'l a Prostate Glan<l which ha*
l*«n dtrnkr^'l by either a contracted disorder
cr rrrly <5i?Mr>aUon. Thes? patients have no
weakmt? at all. rreiraturcrtss. Lo« of Vital-
ity ftc arc the symptcnif. or dlfordprerl func-
tW.ii cf'th* chrrmicallv !nflann«l prostate plar.d.
¦y- e 'fj^<j ny rurint this inf.ammatlc-- that full
v'jror at one* returns. It should be understood
tl'.at tivr.ic«. elirtriPity. etc.. mipht rur«» a real
v'»-tkn»5s but waM <3o harm in inflammation.
The main n»»Je<^ ts to reduce the si:* of th«
tcr.der. t«-o'.>n and lnflam«J pro«tat«». This we
tccorEp'.ish by local treatment, thus avoiding
em-E yien Vho hav- unyuccPs^fuLy treat^l
tor a Mrakr;«ss fhnulS now un<Ws>tand the
c -.i,«(. nf failure. We ??n3 Jre<? on aprlicatkn a
roS'Trd rhert of 'h- orcass which will be found
eyeful in horn»> <I!ap:r.n«I» an-? intcr«M?tInK to al!
vi'jtilnr to Fiudv th» anitoirv of the ronle.
Symptoms!
e STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Dr. Talcott
JS?Srt( & Co.
F? 1\^&7/ S Practicc Confined
\T \\ frVf // to Disorders of
\\ I '['/ * h <= Naic.
* • /
r N THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAL
1 'debility, s.r.<J convalescence following certain
<2 - 8*-aw!" euch is the lowered standard of ths
vital proeeMis that th» function of no orzan 1*
tjerfectly r-e«"* orrrir ' <i - an<1 w!ln tho resulting de-
rr^eElcn the patient has a RE A I, wakn:ss.
Th*- rfcysielan's first thought, under these ccn-
£::;or.*. i* eerre »n<3 other tonics.
Not Weakness-
a
vsytf Anita Cream J
> is
jT> s* is not a cos- f
xsp, but a rem- X
/^y cdy to cure all te
cutaneous af- J
>^ J fect r ons. 1 1 p
Jv/f)BJ] will draw im- B
f &&£/ pu«t'es to the )j
yj - 0 surface, re- \|
g K ifjf/jfh move the dis- >;
tCJmX^M/m &/ eased and dis- L
¦ » colored skin
J; in small dust- k,
/( like particles, and promote a £
J* new growth of skin as soft J*
a and clear as a child's. 4
jj All Druggists Sell It,
*j or we wiil send a full sized a
L jar, together with instruc- jj
tions, for 50c. Information
4 and sample for 2c postage. f*
. Anita Cream & Toilet Co., jg
207 Franklin St., Los An- Jj
geles, Cal. j»
STATE/WENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
CHUSETTS, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1S09. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State, of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per b'.ar.k furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount cf capital stock, paid ud In
cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company $364,679 75
Amount of loans secured by pledea of
bonds, stocks and ether marketable
securities as collateral 15.100 01
Cash jn company's office 5.654 34
Cash in banks 14.984 62
Interest dua and accrued on all stocks
and loans ; 2.903 43
Premiums in due course of collection.. 32,351 13
Due from cthfr companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid £81 21
Total assets $631,741 53
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ..$ 1.283 54
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense ' 21.943 66
Gro-s premiums en fire risks running
one year or less. $132,963 41; rein-
surance SO per cent 78,432 71
Grass premiums on fire risks running
more than one year. $123,337 91; re-
insurance pro rata T>.7rw *7
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 3.435 33
All other demands a;air.?t the com-
pany 12.703 49
Total liabilities $191,397 IS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $213,501 17
Rwelved fcr Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 22.1T* 17
Received froni all other sources 1.03O 0>>
Total Income $^17. "67 34
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $17,203 6<?. losses cf previous
years) $133.:«1 41
Dividends to stockholders 13.0O>> no
Paid or allowed for commission or bro-
kerage 46.84S 44
Paid for sa!arle». fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 1S.131 <t
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 8.405 Tl
All other payments and expenditures. 36.730 :\
Total expenditures $2"».33S 13
Losses Incurred durinn the year. fire.. $135,179 50
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of risks
1 written during the year $26,940,232 $273,104 04
' Net amount of risks
; expired during the
year a.«S4.567 233.S33 T4
Net amount In force De-
cemb^r 31. 1S09 ?fi.273.7Q4 t n.w:a
FRANCIS PEA BOOT. President.
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this "th
day of February. 1300.
GEORGE M. AMERIGE. Notary Public
BAGGS &~STOVEL,
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1S99. ana for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per, b!anl: furnished by the Com-
miuioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capita] Stock, raid up In
Cash $600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company S272.SS9 20
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,730,261 7*>
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1.1SS.7B0 00
Cash In Company's Ofllce 2.265 34
Cash In Banks 7i,6»8 64
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12.660 41
Interest due nnd accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27.C69 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion - 14S.965 11
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 65.2R7 S7
Rents due and accrued 1.501 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 7,844 40
Total A*B«t8 $3,543,144 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,767 14
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Susj.er.se 72,937 50
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2.0CO CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $54S,9O3 78:
reinsurance 50 per cent 274,431 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,123.-
457 OS: reinsurance pro rata 1.141.339 53
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 4.S47 <iu
All other demands against the Com-
pany 2?.357 »¦»
Total Liabilities $1,332,601 65
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,009,335 73
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 84.7S7 34
Received for interest and dividendj
on Bonds, Stocks. Lcar.s. and from
all other sources 53.713 33
Received for Rents 2.797 It
Total Income $1,152,633 f3
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $23,776 07. losses of previous
years) $3S9.299 t?
Dividends to Stockholders 61.690 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 147.S18 42
Paid for Salaries, Fee*, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 66,241 22
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes S1.94S Sr,
All other payments and expenditures 63.337 S7
Total Expenditures $7G0.353 »."»
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year $448.570 90
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $260.005,99« $1,456.642 9}
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 249.460.454 1.461,126 27
Net amount In force
i December 31. 1S99... 253.231.717 2.672.360 86
. E. O. DOREMUS. President.
JAS. H. WORDEN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of January, 19C0.
, HENRY H. DAWSON.
Notary ruWic.
THOS. J. CONROY,
Mfmager.
CEO. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Corner California and Sansome Streets,
8AN FRANCISCO. CAL./
D T> JT O TT J7 Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
tjt\ U OXl-ErfO er! - bootblacks . bath-
. . * . ¦ *¦*•••?'•' houses, billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyers flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen. tar-roofen>, tanners, ?ailors. etc
.' -BUCilAttA.* BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 SacramentoSt.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE-
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, en the Slst day ofTtecember. A. D.
1SS9, and for the year ending: on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the Provision*
of Sections 610 and CU of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furniihed by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL^
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages JH.oOO 00
Ca.«h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds cwned by Company 1.032,340 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stockj, and other mar-
ketable oecurltles as collateral 23,000 Ofl
Cn«h in Company's Office S.7T1 27
Clash In Banks 116.53102
Interest ilue and accrued en all
Stock* and Leans 3,4j6 SO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages S3 12
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 24<!.6S: 4J
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... S.419 V,
Total Assets J1.451.S34 01
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33,425 13
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 65.64*5 35
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6.810 J5
Gross premiums on Fire Rt«ks run-
ning one year or less., *720.4.>4 34:
reinsurance 50 per cent 360,227 II
Gro?» premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. S21S.-
2S4 05; reinsurance pro rata 1SS.935 56
All other demands against the Com-
pany 63. OSS 01
Total Liabilities <719,S93 S3
IXCOMK. " ~^
I Net ensh Retually received for Fire
premiums $7W.166 *5
i Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 723 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources W.:6S *J
Total Income JS31.260 7;
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Leases (In-
cluding $42,333 93, losses of previous
years) $454,140 1«
Paid or allowed for Commission cr
Brokerage 154.760 54
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 58,374 S3
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 23.74.1 7S
All other payments and expenditures 53.5C0 C6
Total Expenditures $775.519 47
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year.. ..$519,577 «3
Rl.-ks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $165,463,094 $1.2C0.233 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 123,580.506 841.955 12
N«-t amount in force
December 31. 1S99... 139.238. 1S3 L033. 74* »
~ ~ OEO. P. A. TOUXO, President.
WALTER S. ALLET. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 9th
day of February. 19C0. OEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
THOB. JTCONROY,
Manager.
CEO, W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SB. Comer California and Sansome Streets,
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
4gS&fc^ DR. WONG WOO. Chinese Tea
¦*• , fa and Herb Sanitarium, 764-766
I *W Clay St.. cor. Brenham place.
b f~^ 3 San Francisco. Cal. All disease*
rL* 7 cured exclusively by Chinese
\&> > i4l* herbs. Advice free. Hours 3
to 11 a. rn.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 3
WO$$X|*\V To'whom It May Concern:
undersigned, have been eufrerlnsrfrom Chronic
Rheumatism for orer three years, which finally
grew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to walk. After trying everything,
without receiving the slightest relier. I was at
last induced to consult DR. WONG WOO. who
after a seven-months' treatment, has now com-
pletely cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGE
SCHERER. 140 Landers street.
% A DOZEN CABINET PHOTOGRAPHS FREE.
j£ „.. ... . iA.fjXjErJL—, Tj more full y introduce our Photograph Studio, which is one of the b?st in tho State, fitted
* /MWwiW/lfMri'Jfi !H($'(0! wilh a11 modern appliances and doing excellent and artistic work at v rv moderate prices, wo
£ imWiifflmmmk filler wi!1 & ive f ** GO weth overy man's suit bought in tho Emporium this
5 WlMttl l '/iwF> J ,'i l >Wr week ono dozen Cabinet Photographs like samples in our Clothing Show
\ll 'It ' IP '//'/ ' 7 /Mr\ k ~) Wirdowa. Perfect pictures, on latest design melton face mount, in hand*oma carbon fini3h.
S iMBWMw Men's Sack Suits, in Z " — ~
£ n * w °* ford Vicana Chevi0 . t ' 8Rd I Ser 9' ne To-Day 11c Yard.
%i >T (JuSiniX a " designs; in A'l-Wool Cas3imeres, We offer a few hundred yards cf this popular material for
ti I fc^j II U \ light or dark effects, best of lining Lidies' Oa:ing Sait3. Boys' Waists and Chillren'a Dresses, fall
K / Jvl * an< * trimmings, exceptional va'uei 32 inches wide, washes and wears well; regularly 15c a yard.
J» L .r^wjl at - $10 sale price to-day only ~ Ho
•£ T^'UhJiK Men's Sack Suits, round-
» I /W \ cornered or double-breasted coats, new f *ll Get Latest Style SflOGS Blttl
* I //// 1 es 'g n? . in Cheviots, Cis8im9re3 and Worst- o _ *
£ I \\\f /Aeds, stripes, fancy mixtures and the new ¦ O3VB tUUy Unc-Tnira,
j£ ¦ f II If If ' nv **i b 'e plaids, materials Btrict'y all wool. We continue the sale of Kinginan & Fox's Ladies' Shoes at
tC « /'// IJ a special value at our price $15 about 65c on the dollar. This was not a fmall lot
if . "1 of pointed toes, bad colors, odd siz\«, the leaving' of a sea-
£ oir-m ll~s -m r%* a mo 8oni 8a ' e * but the ' ot consisted of thousands of pairs of new,
g. %>OC Unrramea rlCtiireS IOC* modern, up-to-date shoes, fresh lr.m the factory, 11 diff^ront
•£ ; We offer to-diy a fine assortment of handsome water-color atvles and complete sizes in each style, bought by us at 65O
5 fac-simile copies of well-kn^wn works of art, such a* BoJen- on *" e dollar,
ti h3usen's "Madonna and Chi d." 4 St. Cece ii," landscape b; H-igo Ladies' $5.00 Patent Leather French H?e' Liro Shoe*.. 53.35
K Fisher, "A Study in Pish," "Christ at Gethsemane." etc., 8x14 Ladies^ $3.50 Patent Leather Gv»dvear W;lt Shoe* $2.37
'J inches in size, mounted on a handsome green cheviot be veld- Ladies* $3.50 VWorious Calf Lice Shoes Goodyear welt.^2.3 7
»[ . edge mount, with 2J-inch mir^in. making the full size 13x19 Ladie*' $3/>0 Vici Kid Lace Sio°s, kid or cloth tops..— $1,98
* inches; our regalar low price 35c each, on sale to-day.... 18c Ladies' $2.oODonj:o!;» KM Lice Shoes, kid ore oth tops. .$1. 69
j^ Art Room— Second Floor. First Aisle. Right of Entrance.
*
$ 4 ' Ouart Sauco Pan- 2 5c Laces for 12c.
tf Maie of best grade enamMed atee 1 - special purchase of N>rmandy, Point da PaWs and P!att
| hfT^lrf war3 , , ong handIet heavy retinned Va^enc^nnea Lace,, ia ribbon, fl >rat and scroll effects, about
I i ~m r r ' f^ r in pictore; tts t% ]J ™ h Sm&fSSSl
K H*^^ fcUceach, to-day 33O inches; regular prica 15c, 2jc and 23c per yad. sale price
J • to-day only 2, 12o
$ 85c Breakfast Set 49c. A ~Z ~T, , - - « -
Breakfast Set^ in an excel * A H^"^erchtef Sale.
lent imititinn nf rut o-las^ enn- An °^--ot-tt»e-orainary trade hanren-nt hxa put a* in ro*-
| Itstin? of Snfa/Bow.? Butur /^X ™;i o » °. «> *«» *«• "»« Hemstitched H mdkerchiefs'for
£ Dish. Spoon Ho'der and Cream £*fa£ik MmA w ¦ , **} i n the , re .^ !ar wa 7 *° r 20e. 23o and 3-"c each.
i Pitcher, four diff?rent shapes Wo ttare placed th-m all in one lot, and for thb day iWedn^a.
* and pattern,; regularly 85c da >> <>**. each t6o
S a set, on sale 10-day only "~^-~~sLlJ.u Ji^iXA^T&JXT^A "" ~
| Usi Wm^^ ™ s Chlld 's Set 33c.
•[ Main Floor. Rear. W%$y Eight dozen only in this 'ot of s ft
X trip'e-plated Knife, Fork and Spoon \^-i.;_- \\
«C Wednesday Grocery Safe. Sets for Childrea - *¦* k»^ » 1 x~~C f^' _;— A;
\ BABBITTS FOAP. t>-dav 7 bars for 25c !"?** long ' the handI ?: °' f °/ k >^P^^S6
«f ROYAI. BAKING POWDER. 1-lb. tins, to-day... ........ 39o ™* 3J> T *"* 'M P ""T t^V J e " /fe^^^^^V
$ VICTORY .MUSH. b~r of al', 4 large package.,, to-day....SSo **"' *'* In & neatIy Imed ay Mf^^sSSSf/A
X FRESH SODA CRACKERS 1-8 wo>1 box, to-dav 35© 7 33c *' '^\\/
5 Miner's Pura So uble BREAKFAST COCOA, 'j-lo. tins, Silverware Department-Rotunda.
k * todav ; 2Oc _ ~~
X QUEEN OLIVES, large siz% in bulk to-day, per quart 3DO LaCB CurtatHS 77C Pair.
J, COVE OYSTERS stan^ri oysters, in 2-lb. cans, per can.. #5© Only a small lot of these « 100 pairs) goo \ Nottingham
H Burnett's VANILLA EXTRACT, large s:z ? , 8-oi. bottle..$M5 Lica Curtains. 46 inches wide. 3 yards lon K . they h,ve the
h Main Floor. Rear. pretty Grecian borders now so popalar; our regular lew nrice
t? — F er P air ?1> sa 'e price to-day 77o
$ Wednesday Liquor Sale. c : _ .- ~
g HARPER'S PURE RYE or BOURBON WHI5-.EY. 8 years *'* ' Si "SSpOOnS JbC.
Si old. rer bott'o, Wednesday 79c A ret of 6Table-
* CHOICE WHITE WINE, quality guaranteed, to-day, par (7Z~- -*r^" Jl/'^^^'K spoons, mado of
X K'Hon 4OC (#:: " = 1^b^ ' ) white metal— ma-
lt Pare Unfermented GRAPE JUICE, Z:nfandel, quart bottle, X *V-^g!^=fL^^ lacca tin— good
*£ to-day a > 25c weight, fu'l siia;
j» Mam Floor. Rear. regn"ar'y 25c a set, on sale to-day /£>o
j> — —^ — _^ ___^^_ ____^__^ ___ ____^__ __ ___ ___ __ __ ___ — ¦
| School Books and gall! p-WF^SCiaJ "California Vc-
K School Supplies at li P^T^ „>£**? <» t^ m Wmnus/' now on free
6 c^rinl ruf Krirt* ©o8d«nRo«e Sazaar. m exhibitonin Attraction Hall.
J special cut prices. California's largest-america-s grandest store, second nocr.
VALL.EJO, Aug. 7. — The cruiser Boston was
placed In the drydock at the navy yard to-
day. The vessel will be in the dock for a
month.
jl~% CATARRH
*'*-«$jL Colds, Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
Asthma
P|§§|f_ S^^» and aJJ disease*
\ffi$>£^? WF ot the Throat an(i
2z£§JBbP injection. |
| A PERMANENT CURE f
5 of the most obstinate eases of Gonorrhoa t*
7 and Gleet, qsaranteed in from 3 to ft <
c days : nc other treatment reqnircjL 5
C < Sold by all drngsiots. ?Uncle Sam is learning the bitter lesson of what it
means to be a money changer. The introduction of
American coin into Porto Rico has almost destroyed
the government of the islands.
The return of the refugees from China and their
story of barbarous warfare has brought to our very
doors a realization of the terrible tragedy of the
Orient.
France is building for herself a treasury of American
ill-will. First it was our wines against whichyshe
discriminated, and now it is our fruits. It is within
the range of possibility that she will go further in her
antagonism to us and tiy next to inflict upon us her
manners. i : f\%
Democratic dodgers may declare for free silver in
Colorado and denounce it in New York, but they can
not evade the candidacy of Bryan himself. That is one
of the issues of the campaign that cannot be dodged.
Bryan will have to raise his calamity howl much
higher this year than he did in 1896 if he expectsto
have it heard above the \vhirr of the Wheels of in
dustry and the songs of a prosperous people.- -* V
It has been often said that about every acre in China
is a cemetery, and that seems to be about all the ad
vance guard, of civilization is finding ; there.
The German Emperor possesses in all
111 residences. —
The railway from Tientsin to Peking a
distance of about seventy miles, was the
first constructed In China,
The "cow treo" of Venezuela gives a
fluid resembling, tasting like and possess
ing a close chemical affinity to cow's
milk.
Endless leather belts, acting as moving
staircases, convey the patrons of the
large Parisian stores from one floor to an
other.
A New \ork druggist said recently that
according to his experience men use hair
dyes to a much greater extent than
women.
Mayor Colonna of Rome has begun a
crusade against expectoration. The sign
E vietato da sputare is now up in all tav
erns and tobacco shops.
A Cleveland Judge has decided that
"Any woman is justified in scolding her
husband if he comes home drunk and Ill
treats her and the children."
A prize has been offered by a German
society for tho best design for an electric
railway upon which trains can travel at
the rate of 125 miles an hour.
Publishers say books on the Hispano-
American war do not sell. The authors
write too much about strategy and too lit
tle about Individual acts of heroism
The Chinese are infeflor to Europeans
in physical strength, but show a marvel
ous amount of endurance. They will work
nineteen hours a day without complain
ing.
An estimate of the money lost on the
turf throughout the world during each
year places the amount at $250,000,000, of
which $50,000,000 is lost on English race
courses.
Fruiterers have reaped a rich harvest
from travelers for Europe this year. The
basket of fruit has almost completely
usurped the plRce of the box of llowers
as a farewell gift.
A good giraffe skin is worth from $10
to $20 in South Africa to-day, and much
more In Europe.. On a hunting trip
ten or ilftcon years ago it was a common
matter for ono hunter to kill forty or llfty
girnfCos In ono day.
A' curious lognl wrangle has arisen in
Chnpraan, Kann., over the attempt of the
county authorlti™ to collect the dog tax
on a eanlno belonging to a clergyman.
Tho lnttor insists thnt tho animal watches
faithfully about tho sanctuary, and,
therefore, ns church property Is exempt
from taxation l»y State law.
The nnnunl crop of mushrooms In
France Is ¦¦valued at $2,000,000 r and it la
said that there are sixty wholesale firms
in Paris dealing exclusively in them. In
the Department of the Seine it appears
there are some 3000 caves in which mush
rooms are grown, and about 300 persons
are employed in their culture, and rarely
leave these caves.
CULLED FOR
CALL READERS
FOREST INCENDIARISM.
OVER and over again The Call has warned the
holiday crowds that flock to the woods during
the summer season to beware of the danger of
starting those fires in the fields and the woods that
are so disastrous to the State. In these warnings it
has been assumed thnt the danger of such conflagra
tions was to be found almost wholly in the negligence
and carelessness of hunters, campers and others wan
dering in the woods and meadows, but it now appears
there are some people sufficiently vicious and reckless
to deliberately start fires with the intention of de
stroying crops, pastures and forests. *
In the reports from Los Angeles concerning the
fires in the mountains in that section -of the State it
was said: "Not to carelessness or accident alone is
attributed the widespread havoc wrought by the fire
in the Sa'n Gabriel forest reserve. To the act of
criminal negligence, to which, with apparent justice,
is ascribed the origin of the conflagration that has
been raging in the mountains north of Sierra Madre
for nearly two weeks, now is added the crime of in
cendiarism, according to late reports from the scene
of the fire in the Little Santa Anita canyon. If these
reports be true, the fire which broke out afresh in
the Little Santa Anita Wednesday afternoon was de
liberately set in three different places by some mis
creant." *
There is hardly any kind of malicious mischief a ras
cal can commit with such comparative safety from
detection as that of starting a fire in a field or in the
woods, consequently when a person is detected in
committing such an act the punishment should b?
about as severe as the law permits. Our forests are
being destroyed too rapidly by the hands of those who
at worst are only reckless or careless, and we cannot
admit any plea to be made in mitigation of the of
fense of the: man who deliberately starts such a fire.
The act is one of -wanton criminality and the cost to
the community may run up into millions of dollars.
Its punishment should therefore be as swift, as stern
and as sure as the*justice of the State can effect.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. . 7.— S. G. ' Chap-
man of San Francisco is at the Arlington;
Mrs. J. Miller and daughter of Los An
geles are at the National.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, Aug. 7.— U. S. Grant Jr.
of San Diego is at the Hoffman; Robeit
L. Lowrey of Los Angeles is at the Em
pire.
It is reported that the United States Minister at
Constantinople duns the Sultan every two weeks for
the money due on American claims, but the country
will take notice that up to this time there has been no
report of his collecting anything.
EDUCATED FILIPINO "SAVAGES."
THE yellow journals teem with reports concern
ing the "rebels" and "savages" of the Philip
pine Islands, but the truth is that these people
are neither "rebels" nor "savages."
They are not "rebels," because they have never
given their consent to the bargain by which they were
turned over to us by Spain, like so many sheep, for
the consideration of twenty million dollars.
Neither are they "savages," as a brief survey of the
history of education in the Philippines will show.
Only two years after the Hudson River was discov
ered, and nine years before- the Pilgrim Fathers
landed on Plymouth Rock, the Dominican Fathers
founded the College of Santo Tomas at Manila. In
1645 — about fifty years before the time when the good
people of Salem killed twenty old women and Indians
for witchcraft — the college of these benighted Philip
pine "savages" was erected into a university by Pope
Innocent X, and regular instruction was given by a
faculty of arts and a faculty of theology. In 1734 —
fifteen years before Benjamin Franklin founded the
University of Pennsylvania — a faculty of law was
added. In 1845— three years before gold was discov
ered in California, when the water-rat dived where
now run the Montgomery-street electric cars and
when the coyote howled on the site of San Jose — in
1845 the University of Manila had 581 students; in
1858 — ten years before the University of California
was founded — it had icoo. That is a pretty good rec
ord, in higher education, for "savages."
You cannot have a university without fairly good
primary and secondary schools leading up to it.
Even if we knew nothing about such education in the
Philippines, this " irrefutable, a priori proposition
would prove the existence of such schools. But we
have concrete testimony as to the existence of such
schools in the accounts published by Mallat (Paris,
1846), .Semper (Wurzburg, 1869), and by Maichs
(Paris. f887). According to these observers the
"Indians" (Tagales and Visayas) of the Philippine?
had alphabets of their own and could read and write
even before the arrival of the Spaniards. Blumen
tritt, the German ethnologist, who has made a close
study of the ethnic traits of these "Indians," says that
the number of those who attend the secondary schools
and the university is "relatively very large," and that
from them have come such politicians as Rizal, Del
Pilar and Ponce; such artists as Luna; ' such eth
nographers as Florentino and such linguists as Lak
tar, "who are all known outside of their own coun-
The Deutsche Rundschau for 1897 contains a
biographical notice of Jacobo Zobel de Zangroniz, a
Spanish-German who was born in Manila of wealthy
parents and received his university education in Ger
many. Returning to Manila, he became distinguished
as a litterateur and a scientist. His testimony as to
the character of the Filipino "savages" among whom
he lived is strangely at variance with that brayed out
by yellow imperialists who concoct foreign "news" at
home. "Two-thirds of the Tagales can read," he
says, "and about half of them can write. They are a
cheerful, peaceable people, are disposed to enjoyment,
and have an eye rather to pleasures and things that
are beautiful and attractive than to the useful and
profitable. * * * Art, especially music, is their
passion."
It is too much to c/pect of yellow journalists that
they should be able to write, but it may be presup
posed—rashly, perhaps— that they share with two
thirds of the Tagales the capacity to read. To those of
them who possess this accomplishment we commend
the perusal of the Precis upon which this article is
James Taylor Rogers continues to insist that he
should not be compelled to talk. It is possible that
even he thinks that his actions in connection with
probate affairs are far more eloquent than any words
he could speak. .
TEACHING CIVILIZATION.
THE Kaiser has been criticized for his gory pros
pectus of the work he intends his army shall do
for the cause of Christian civilization in Chim.
Take no prisoners and give no quarter is his terse
recipe for an exhibit of the superiority of Christian
civilization to barbarism.
Eut what he promises Russia seems to be already
performing. Germany and Russia, by their aggres
sions, their lawless seizure of territory, their violation
of every international right of China, ha%-e supplied
the provocation for r.n uprising which has made it
temporarily impossible for China to perform her in
ternational obligations. The assault on the Taku
forts and the sacking of Tientsin were acts of mili
tary aggression, based on reports of slaughter of the
foreign legations at Peking which have proved to
have been false.
The conduct of the Russian troops in those actions
at arms is now, for the first time, being made public
in detail.
The American missionaries who reached San Fran
cisco on the Logan were witnesses of the scenes
which they describe. Rev. Mr. Hayner, a Methodist
missionary, says the clash at Taku was caused by false
reports started by the Russians. When the Chinese
officers found themselves overpowered and capitulated
and marched out of the forts and offered their swords
in surrender, they were shot down by the Russians
"like a lot of dogs." Mr. Hayner says that in one
village the Russians drove the women and children
into the river, and when they attempted to come
ashore they were all shot and their bodies floated
away on the stream. He adds that the brutality of the
rr.inions of the Czar was astonishing in these days of
supposed civilization.
Mrs. Drew, wife of the Tientsin Commissioner of
Customs, says that when the foreigners vacated their
houses in that city after the surrender the residences
were looted, the Russians stealing everything they
could lay hands on, and they went around carrying
the heads of Chinese on their bayonets. '
It is gratifying that all of these refugees highly com
mend the coolness, humanity and good judgment of
Admiral Kempff. His abstention at Taku and refusal
tc believe the Russian report and follow the Cossack
aggression have made Americans the most popular
foreigners in China.
Indeed we may congratulate ourselves that Presi
dent McKinley, while standing firm for our interna
tional rights, has tempered firmness with the highest
fense of justice and the most intelligent appreciation
of the difficulties of the Chinese.
It is reported that this wise attitude has impressed
the Czar, who seems to see the hopelessness of justi
fying to the world a seizure of Chinese territory as
long as America's example stands in the way. It is
believed now that he is willing to join the United
State? in an agreement that the integrity of Chinese
territory shall be respected.
If this be true it is a conspicuous diplomatic triumph
for the United States. It will be in the interest cf
humanity, justice and the righteousness of the world
and will do more for civilization than a million sol
diers and a thousand battles won.
The great fear has been that out of the Chinese
situation would issue a prolonged war, first against
China and then by the jealous European powers
?gainst each other. If we succeed in drawing Russia,
England and Japan into line with the United States
r.nd get them in agreement to respect the territorial
rights of China, the war there will be of short dura
tion, and the apprehended after consequences will
r.ot take place. \
Dr. H. L. Pace of Tulare is at the Pal
ace.
R. C. Terry, a wine man of Clayton, Is
at the Lick.
Dr. J. G. Van Vleck of Los Angeles is
registered at the Grand. ' <fc
A. E. Vail, a mining man of Oroville, Is
registered at the Occidental.
G. E. Kennedy, a prominent vineyard
lst of Llvermore, is at the Grand.
George Goodman, the Napa banker, and
his wife, are stopping at the Palace.
James Colins, a prominent fruit grower
of Courtland, is registered at the Lick.
F. P. Tuttle, a prominent fruit grower
of Auburn, is a guest of the Occidental.
A. S. Bangham. assistant adjutant gen
eral on Governor Gage's staff, is at the
Occidental.
Gerrit P. Wilder, the well-known steam
ship man of Honolulu, is stopping at the
Occidental.
H. P. Wood, president of the Chamber
of Commerce of San Diego, Is registered
at the Occidental.
E. S. Valentine, a well known insurance
man of Fresno, is at the Lick, on his re
turn trip .from the East.
Dr. E. B. Armstrong of the cruiser
Charleston is at the Occidental. He was
with the ship at the time of her wreck.
Father T. C. J. Stenmans, secretary to
Archbishop Chapelle of New Orleans, 13
a guest of the Occidental.
Mrs. Thomas R. Bard, wife of United
States Senator Bard, accompanied by her
children, is stopping at the Occidental.
She is on the way to Honolulu on a pleas
ure trip.
General E. P. Williston, a veteran of the
Civil War and the war with Spain and a
provost marshal at Manila, has been re
tired with tho rank of brigadier general.
He returned from the Orient on the Sher
man yesterday.
W. C. Edes, assistant engineeer of the
Southern Pacific Company, left yesterday
on a trip to the eastern part of Nevada.
His work will be for the improvement of
the main line, principally devoted to the
straightening of curves and reducing of
grades.
First Lieutenant Martin L. Crlmmlns,
son of a New York millionaire, returned
on the transport Sherman yesterday after
serving with the army in the Philippines,
lie was a bjg fellow, but his fighting
weight is now ninety-live pounds. Major
Cole accompanies Lieutenant Crimmins
and as an effect of the climate has fallen
oft to ninety-two pounds.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ART AND ARTISTS.
THIS is an etcher's year In San Fran
cisco. The latest to arrive in the city
ar© com© lovely examples of the bril
liant Frenchman. Paul Helieu's. work,
almost all "dry points." This col
lection, originally exhibited In Lon-
don, called forth the highest pralsa from
the English authorities, including Fred
erick Wedmora and G. P. Jacomb-Hood.
In the original catalogue Is printed also
a complimentary letter introducing the
artist to th© English public by M. Hel
leu's friend and admirer, Edmond de Gon
court, who titles tho collection "Glimpses
of the Grace of "Woman."
Says Frederick "Wedmor© in tha Maga
zine of Art. June. 1S35:
Up to the present time sixty or seventy
plates have teen executed by the brilliant aal
delightful sketcher whoes «alog1um I maics.
Scarcely on» of them I think has lnrolved
' more than a slnela alttlnz on tha part of
model or artist. One hour or two of strenuous
and dellsrhted but untlred labor has sufficed
for the production of each dainty and eacix
masterly .work. Edmond do Goncoart calls
these dry points "les lnstant&nes d» la crr&cs
de la femme" — "snapshots," shall w» trans
late It. at the charm of modern womanhood— •
the womanhood of the drawlne room—"snap
shots," sometimes, at the* charm of refined
childhood.
In Helleu'a etched work, the connoisseur will
welcome what is practically the complement
of the etched work of Vandyck. who in his
score or so of plates (wonderful painter though
he was of women) undertook only tha por
traiture of certain distinguished men.
G. P. Jacomb-Hood 13 equally flattering
in his comments on this distinguished
member of th© Jury of th© Salon of th©
Champ d© Mara, describing his work as
"drawn with a delicacy and sureness of
eye and hand akin to that of the Japanese
draughtsman.
But th© etchings are here, a dozen or
eighteen of them, to be directly appre
ciated by the dry point worshiper In their
essentially French delicacy and chic. In
the dry point there is, of course, no ele
ment of the unexpected, as with the acid
bitten etching, which is always something
of an attractive adventure, but one may
be sure with the dry point of an exactly
faithful reproduction of the arti3t's
thought. Th© spontaneity, grace, gayety
DRAB TAFFETAS DRESS.
The dress represented is of bright drat
taffetas, made in zigzag pleats down tc
the bottom of the skirt, where the full
ness begins to develop. The yoke Is orna
mented with narrow black velvet. - The
waistband is of draped taffetas.
¦ » ¦
HORSE PULLS OWNER'S TOOTH
A horse performed the duties of a den
tist at Babylon, N, Y., the other day, and
in a most expert manner.
William J. Smith was at work on his
place with his horse, when the animal
became restless on account of the files and
switched its tail vigorously. To Smith's
utter astonishment the horse's tail became
caught in the stem of his pipe and yanked
it out, carrying an incisor with It.
The tooth was extracted as quickly.
Smith says, and with no more pain than
if the operation had been performed by a
dentist. The tooth was perfectly sound.
¦ ? «
PROVERBS OF LI HUNG ChJANG.
Every day cannot be a feast of lanterns.
An old man marrying a young wife la
like a withered willow sprouting.
Would you look at the character of a
Prince, look at his minister, or the dis
position of a man, observe his companion,
or that of a father, mark his son.
Those who sometimes cannot be deaf
are unfit to rule. •
Let the family of a man who has
brought them comfort look up to him as
up to heaven.— London Dally Mail.
¦ ? »
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BEARDSLEY^AND CRANE— B. B. R.,
Vallejo, Cal. Audrey Beardsley died in
Mentone, France, March i 16, 1S98, and
Stephen died in Badenweiler, Ger
many, June 5, 1900.
THE MOXTICELLO-S., City. , The
steamer Monticello under forced draught
can make 15 knots an hour. Her regular
speed between this pert and the navy
yard averages 13 knot*.
BREMERHAVEN TO SYDNEY— A.,
City. The distance from Breraerhaven,
Germany, to Sydney, Autralla, via the
Suez Canal Is 11,650 miles and via the Cape
of Good Hope it is 12,920 miles. A steamer
will make the trip in about fifty-five days.
THE ZODIAC-W. R. City. The zodiac
Is an imaginary broad belt In the heavens,
extending about 8 degrees on each side
of the ecliptic, within -which the apparent
motion of the sun, moon and the most
conspicuous of the planets, being those
known to the ancients, are confined It is
when the moon is in that imaginary belt
that she is alluded to as being "in the
zodiac." ____lili!:^-
SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR-C. M..
City. The inhumane manner in which the
Spanish Government treated the inhabi
ta u. ts u °L Cu^ a , : tne ac ' of treachery bv
which the Maine was destroyed and 2i»
men on board of her were killed and the
refusal cf» the SDanlsh Government »
allow Uniter: States Minister wSodford to
present the ultimatum of the United
.States asking for a cessation of hostilities
In Cuba but glvins him his passports!
were the leading causes for the Spaniah-
Anjerican war. The reason that the
United States paid 320.000,000 for the Phil
ippine Islands was because it was one of
th e provisions of the treaty of peace
Gave Lunch, for Charity.
The Ladies' Home Missionary Society
connected with the Howard-street M E
i Ch i£T. ch gave a luncheon In the rhurch
carrying on of. mission work in that part
of the city under the charge of a den
coness. Mrs. J. A. B. Wl&on. Mrs F
Blanding Mrs. F. H. Moon, Mrs. M. Me-
Crossen. Mrs. E. P. Hewlett and Miss Bal
linger carried the affair to a financial suc
» ? «
William A. Marshall's Will.
The will of the late -William Armagh
Marshall, who died July 29. was filed for
probate yesterday by Blitz W. Paxton.
Decedent bequeath? hla entire estate
which is valued at JDG.OOO. to his mother,
Mary E. Marshall, who is named as exe
cutrix, to serve without bonds. Mrs. Mar
srtftll filed a renunciation of her right to
act as administratrix In favor of her son
in-law. Blitz W.- Paxton.
of the method are delightfully exemplified
in M. Helieu's work. Some charmincr
children (the artist's), a portrait of illle.
Ellen Helleu, a thoughtful, spiritueile
child face, and several studies of girl-:
and women's head3 and figures, make up
the attractive list.
Mrs. Mary Curtl3 Richardson has re
turned from a summer sojourn on her
ranch, looking very well.
A little story, recalling tho last days of
Robert Louis Stevenson, is told of Ray
mond D. Yelland, the late artist. As with
the novelist, the artist's devotion to hla
art became only more marked as with hi3
failing health the difficulty of its service
increased, and the work of each suffered
no diminution of vigor to the last mo
ments of his life. Mr. Yelland'3 last work
was done on his deathbed, a week only
before he died, and the little picture
which received his latest touch was the
graceful gift of the dying artist to a
valued friend on the occasion of his silver
wedding.
Do You Enjoy Comfort
When you travel? If you do. buy your ticket
via the Northern Paciao R'y and ride on tho
"North Coast Limited." the most perfectly ap
pointed train In America, Solid vestibuled and
lighted with Incandescent electric lights, ob
servation car with a large parlor for ladles,
tourist uleeplns car finished in mahogany and
upholstered la olive *reen leather. The only
line selling tickets direct Into Yellof stone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at the low.
tat rates. T. K. STATELEK, Gen. Agt.. t2S
Market at.. S. F.
A MENACE OF THE SEAS.
7- HE collier Wellington, on her arrival at this
port on Sunday, reported speaking the tugs
Rescue and Ta'toosh sixteen miles northwest of
Cape Mendocino with a log raft in tow, and it was
added the raft appeared to be going to pieces and big
logs were floating out from it. Later reports arc to
the effect that the /logs are drifting all * along the
Mendocino coast. That, of course, means a serious
menace to shipping, for the logs floating, about the
seas and tossed by the waves imperil every vessel
across whoSe course they drift.
The evil results of the attempts to tow huge rafts
along the coast have long been known to all who have
any dealings with marine affairs. In times past, when
similar means were employed in transporting lumber
from Maine to New York, the dangers to shipping
along the Atlantic coast were so great nnd the dis
asters so numerous that it was found necessary to for
bid the practice. It is now high time for preventive
measures to be adopted on this coa3t. A bill to that
effect has been presented to Congress by Senator
Perkins, but no action has as yet been taken upon k.
New efforts will of course be made to bring about the
enactment of the measure at the coming session, but
in. the meantime it will be worth while to consider
whether something in the way of remedy cannot be
provided at home.
Could the Harbor Commissioners forbid V the tow
ing of these huge rafts into the bay, or refuse them
landing privileges, the profits of the business would
be at an end, and the business; itself would stop.
Nobody would tow a raft down the coast if he could
not bring it into the harbor. It would seem, there
fore, to be well worth while for the Commissioners
to see what can be achieved by their authority in the
matter, for Congressional action is slow, and in an
emergency of this kind every day of delay adds to
the dangers.
The profits derived from successful raft shipments
must be very large, for attempts to raft millions of feet
of lumber to the city are made every year, notwith
standing that in nine cases out of ten the rafts go to
pieces. It is said that half a raft landed in San Fran
cisco will pay a dividend. The business is seemingly
something like a gamble, in which the chances
are against the adventurer, but a big reward awaits
the one who makes the trip successfully. The sup
pression of the attempts in that direction would,
therefore, be no injury to the legitimate lumber trade,
while it would be of great benefit to all kinds of ship
ping.
> The subject is one the merchants of the city should
at once investigate for the purpose of devising means
of checking the evil in advance of the action of Con
gress. If it be found that nothing can be done by
local authorities, then appeal should be made at once
to the officials at Washington. It is quite possible
that something could be effected in the way of rem
edy by the Federal officers under the general powers
given them to regulate coast trade. Nothing will be
lost, at any .rate, by an agitation of the subject. The
evil has been totally suppressed, we believe, on the
Atlantic coast, and there is no reason .why a similar
policy should not be enforced here.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 8, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Pr °P[ieto^
Address A'l Comminica'.icrs to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'l'ULJCATIOA OFFICE. .Harket ond Third. S. Jfc\
Telcpboae Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOM?*.... 2i; to 221 SteTen-on St.
Telephone P»c*B 202.
Otir*erf4 Tit Carriers. 15 Cents Pcv We«lE.
Single Copies,* S Cents.
Terns by Mall, Including Postages
DA.ILT CALL Cnctadlcg Snndar). cue year t*.W
DAILY CALL {Including Bar.day). C months.... 8.09
XXA.ILT CALL. (!nc!u4:r.c Sunday). < months................ 1.69
DAILY CALX*— By B'.nei* Month «o
eiTXPAT CALL On« T*w 1.80
WEEXLT CALL On* Tear.. L00
All postmasters are nnthorlced to receive
•nbarrlptloBi.
Ccmp}* oople* will t.« ?*»rwn«5*d when requested.
liafl subscriber* la orflertnr cbecg* of ed&rers tbouia t«
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Incur* * prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE Ill* Broadway.
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Wanegjer Foreign Advertising, Varquett© Building. Chicago.
(X*ot.z Dlstaac* Telephone "Central O13."> ""
XEW YORK CORKESPONDEN"T:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NKW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SVITH 30 Tribune Bui'ding
CHICAOO NEWS ETAXDS:
Kbermta Houm; P. O. ,\>»i Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
TrtratMt Ucuac. Auditorium Hotel.
!CEW YORK NEWS 8TAXDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent e no, II Unloa Bqsare; N
!*nrray falll Hotel.
WASHINGTON [D. C.\ OFFICE Wellington Hotel'
MORTON L. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRASCP orFICES-a; llcn?e«mery. corner of Clay, .pen
ur.n 9:Zi o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:J3 o'clock. C33
McAllister. cp~- unto 9 30 o'clock. CIS Lerkia. c;*a until
8:iO o'clock. [Ml Mission, open until 19 o'clock. 2261 Market.
comer Sixteenth, fjfa ur.tH » oVjock. IC9« Valencia, epen
unt:j S o'clock. UK Eleventh. csen ur.fA S o'clock. KW cor
aer Twer.ty-B€?ond and Kentucky, open until > o'clock
There was undoubtedly a good deal of tactical good
sense in the determination. of Oom Paul not to risk
a pitched battle with the overwhelming armies of the
British and stake everything on the issue of one fight,
but after all he might just as well have done so and
made a Waterloo end for himself instead of petering
out so obscurely that no attention is paid to him.
SOME FACTS AND SOME
v FIGURES REGARDING THE
ENUMERATION OF 1900
SIZE OF FAMILIES
The average size of
families will be shown
to have decreased, but
with an increase In the
number of persons liv
ing in a dwelling, ow
ing to tho number of
larare apartment houses
built.
The most densely
settled area In the
United States will be
shown to be Included
in the two square de
prees between latitudes
40 and 41 and longitudes
73 and 73, comprising
New York. Brooklyn,
Jersey City. Hoboken.
Williamsburg and Long
Island City, with a to
tal population of about
4,000,000.
DECREASE SHOWN IN
MOST DENSELY
SETTLED AREA
Enumerators Numbered More Than Half a Hundred
Thousand, and Count Must Be Completed
by December 1.
Director of the twelfth census, William R. Merriam.
Knumeration of populations began June 1
Time allotted for enumeration Two weeks
Population count must be completed Dec. 1
Time required for completion of last census Seven years
Estimated time for completion of present census.. Two yearn
Number of census supervisors 300
Number of crnsus enumerators 52.000
Number of special agents 2,200
Number of clerks who will work two years tab
ulating statistics..'. 3,000
POLITICAL HYPOCRISY.
\A R. HEARSTS Journal, one of the heavenly
/ \ twins in journalislh that were put into the
>' California platform, is making good Senator
Hill's cynical indorsement of the Kansas City plat
form. He said that one part of it could be advocated
in one section of the country and other parts in other
sections.
The free silver declaration is good in Colorado and
the intermountain States, but is offensive in the East.
Therefore Hearst's Journal proceeds to give a lethal
dose of editorial to free silver. He declares that it is
not in present politics, but was put into the platform
out of consideration for the personal feelings of
Colonel Bryan, though the convention was against it
by a two-thirds majority. Therefore, the Journal
says, in no contingency can the Democratic party be
expected to legislate for the restoration of silver, and
that the silver issue is dead and out of politics.
To this the Stockton Mail makes reply that "if four
years ago it had been printed as a forecast of Demo
cratic sentiment in 1000 it would have been hooted by
the whole party, save the handful of gold men. Is it.
therefore, the true sentiment of the party to-day? If
it is, what a lesson it conveys! It presents the Demo
crats in the position of taking the medicine prepared
for them by the Republicans and saying it is good,
i Even the Republicans four years ago would not have
i dared to treat the silver question as a dead issue.
Now the only thing that has happened to alter the
situation has been brought about by the agency of the
Republican party. It is the very thing which the
Democrats and scores of learned publicists through
out the country had warned the people against. They
declared that from the bold position of holding all
obligations of the Government payable in gold, no
matter what the language of the contract might be.
to the enactment of a law affirming the gold dollar to
be the unit of value, was a step so easy that it would
surely be taken. The results following such a con
tiaction of the currency were pictured as of the direst
character. At-iast it has happened, and we find the
country concurring in it as a whipped child, simply
because it is an accomplished fact. The efforts of the
New York Journal to make it appear that the gold
standard vtrill in no contingency be in danger from the
party which has resolved in favor of free silver con
stitutes the great anomaly of the campaign to date.
Gold votes cannot be coaxed over by any such
friendly Indian pretense, whereas there are a lot of
silver votes and good, hard-headed Democratic votes
that would throw themselves to anything to beat a
party so pusillanimous, treacherous and contemptible
as to seek support from the enemy by promising to be
grood to it."
There you have it. The Janus face is glowering
upon the country. Democrac3' is one thing in New-
York and quite another thing in California. But the
California convention has specifically indorsed the
Journal as a great exponent of Democracy, and it ex
pounds to the effect that no contingency can arise in
which the party will overthrow the gold standard es
tablished by the Republicans. Yet the daily papers
are talking of Chinese duplicity as an article superior
to any of which the Caucasian is capable!
based. They will find it in volume I, page 968, of the
last report of the United States Commissioner of
Education.
TWELFTH UNITED STATES CENSUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST % 1900.
In round numbers
thla CfrisuH will show
about 22,000,000 potentlnl
voters In the United
Statnx. Thooo In charge
of the statistics be
lieve that fully SO per
cent are native born.
THESE STATES HWE
. THE MOST CITIES
The census will show
that more than halt tho
urban population of the
country Is Included in
the North Atlantic di
vision of htmes, com
prising Maine, Now
Hampshire. Vermont.
MHH*nctms!'tt», Ilhode
Island,' Connecticut;
New York. Svw .Jersey
and Pennsylvania;
CENSUS WILL SHOW
22,000,000 VOTERS
Some surprise has been expressed at the fact that
the Hall of Justice, as yet unoccupied, is in a condi
tion too filthy to be tenanted. The authorities ought
to congratulate themselves that the structure is still
above ground.
6
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Tlro'l— •'Othollo."
Alcazar— "The Country Girl.**
Columbia— • *H eartseaae.**
Oryfcuia- Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— --The Mit5<j:e:E&n."
CaJiroreia-'-The Xight of the Fourth."
Olrmpis. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Thtaitr— VaudeviLe every afternoon asd
erenln^:.
F*iccher'»— Vaudeville.
Sutro Bath»— O;*a n!*hts.
AJIUSEiLEKTS.
A pet Maltese cat belongrlnjr to an Eng-
lish woman has been successfully pro-
vided with spectacles to counteract falilrjr
eyesight. A picture of a mouse was used
by tne oculist to test the cat's eye.
¦ » ¦
The Santa Fe will sell ticket* to Chicago
and return on August 21 and 23 at the very
low rate of $72 60. good for sixty days. This
is a very low rate and Is open for all. Th^y
will tell you all about it at*62S Market street.
* m *
Professor Gotch says tha electric flsh of
the Nile have a "hattery" power equal to
2C0 volt?. The electrical organ Is situated
In the skin. Inclosing the whole body la
microscopic sections.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Liste Hallo l
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MEKZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clur.lg Bg.
COAL. COKB AMD Plci 1WOX.
T f WIF SfiN Jtffl 90 ° Ea«enr Street.
J. t- TTlLOUil C WUm Telephone Main ISSi.
COPPERSMITH.
r TV OflTH shI P P'amblns. Steamboat and
V- IT- 0 .71 1 111 • ship Work a specialty. W and
1» "Washington st. Telephone Main 5«4L
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS. V' :
Electrical Knelneer. 38 "Cast St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAQ RftYFS & CO g? 1 """* Butchers. 104
JAJ- DUICJ a IU« Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
Mfe. * Dealer !n Metals & Galvanizlre JOH^J
FINN METAL WORKS. «S Howard it.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. Ke. Roblnscn Chem. Co., 1163 Howard.
LITHOORAPHINO.
Union Lithograph Co.. S2S Sansome «t.. ArtUUo
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stands.
METAL. ~~~
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paclfln
Metal Works. 137-3 First «t.. San Francises
OILS. 7
LUBRICATING OILR LEONARD A EL-
LIS. 418 Front »t.. S. F. Phone Mala 1713.
PAINTS. ~
Cylinder A Lubricating Oils. Schaeia»r"s Mhl-i?
Caadles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 3 Front 3 F?
PRi.vrt**. "~~
F. C HUGHES. m .printer.
Sti^Sajiaome St.. S. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JCDD CO wn ' t "- 1L>bl <5-
n Fl *»t st.. San Franctaco.
.STATIONER AND Pltl.tTin
Telf c g X h!c PARTRIDGE "Sig^
MiTE ASH STEAM COAL. ?/£ e &»t
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done; in the latest styles. Sanborn,- vail
& Co., 741 Market street; , / ¦ - ¦ ?
Special ' information supplied dally to
business houses . and public- men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. "••
Cal. glace Irult 50c per Ib at Townsend's.Are You EegisteredP
All citizens must register this year, 1900.
in order to be able to vote at general elec
tion, November 6. 1900. Registration closes
September 26, 1900. •
The regular annual civil service exami
nations for the positions of clerk and car
rier in the Postoffice ' will . be held on No
vember 17 1900. Applications for this ex
aSSSflon must be on -file by October 2^
Application form No. 101 can be secured
from the secretarv of the local board of
examiners at the .Fostomce. •
Postoffice Carriers Wanted.
One thousand odd framed pictures and
panels, from 25 cents up, to be closed out
to make room for fall goods. Everything
marked with a red tag to be sold at/one
half off from the regular price. Sarfborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Closing Out Odd Lots.
The Supreme Court has handed down
decisions in the following cases: airs.
Lillle Rife vs. the Union Central Life In
surance Company, judgment reversed;
Ilulda R, Townscnd vs. Superior Judge
Wellottl of Marin County, writ dis
charged; Loo C. Williams et al. vs.
Thomas I. Bergin, judgment and order re
versed* estate of Nora Liangdon. deceased,
decree affirmed after minor modifications.
Supreme Court Decisions.
astounding artistic value of the collection [
may be derived from the statement that
It contains 46 paintings by Murillo, 14 by
Zurbaran. oS by Rlbera. 64 by Velasquez.
55 by Tenters. Cfi by Rubens. 10 by Raph
ael, 20 by Poussin, 66 by Luca Giordano,
22 by Van Dyck, 34 by Breughel. 10 by
Claude Lorraine, 16 by Guido Renl, 43 by
Titian, 64 by Tintoretto and 25 by Paul
Veronese.
This magnificent collection of paintings
Is very well housed and advantageously |
displayed in the Prado. and the general i
good condition of the canvases testifies to ¦
both the intelligent care of the director
and the Cry, pure air of Madrid. The
catalogue, edited by the eminent writer.
Don Pedro de Madrizo. Is well made, and
is issued in both Spanish and French. The I
gallery is open, free to the public on Sun- |
day and on weekdays there is a small ad- |
mlttanee fee, equivalent to a dime. From
the Puerta del Sol (the great square in
the center of Madrid) the visitor ap
proaches the museum through the Car
rera de San Geronimo, passing the palace
of the Cortes and a fine monument to Cer
vantes on the way.
The museum contains two main picture
galleries, each about 130 by 33 feet in di
mensions, wall lighted from the top, and
devoted to the Spanish school. The num
erous side galleries 'opening to right and
left are lighted from the sides, therefore
the light is fluctuating and on cloudy days
rather scanty. These rooms are devoted
to the Italian. Dutch, French and Flem
ish schools, respectively. Half way down
the great central galleries a door opens
into the so-ealied salon of Queen Isa
bel, a room hung with the most popular
and famous paintings in the collection,
chosen from all schools and forming a
group of about 100 works, brought togeth
er on the same plan as that of the balon
Carre of the Louvre and the Tribune of
Florence. This gallery Is oval, and Is
lighted from overheard. Were the actual
and supposed masterpieces here assem
bled to be weeded out to-day, there would
be some radical changes in the arrange
ment, no doubt; however, the room Is re
markably rich in good things as It Jss. To
name only a few of the most celebrated
and valuable works In it, there are Ra
phael's "Virgin of the Fish." "Holy Fam
ily of the Lamb," "Virgin of the Row,"
"Holy Family of the Lizard" and "Por
trait of a Cardinal"; Titian's "Tribute to
the Goddess of Love," "Venus and
Adonis," "Bacchanal" and portraits of
Charles V and Philip II; Tintoretto's
"Portrait of a Young Man." "Sebastian
Venieri." etc.; Velasouez'jf "Drinkers,"
"Mercury and Argus." "Portrait of a
Sculptor." "Court Jester." "Forge of \ ul ;
can,'' "St. Anthony's Visit to St. Paul *
"Don Fernando of Austria" and 'Portrait
of a Man," with many choice examples
of Veronese. Rubens. \ an Dyck, Holbein.
Claude. Poussln. Ribera. Moro. Murillo.
Coiresrgio, Giorglone, IMirer. Cano. Rem
brandt: Fra Angelico. Giulio Romano.
Guldo. Van Dyck. Lunl and Guerdno. In
fact, there are few rooms in the world
holding a more striking group of interna-
But the one supreme and sufficient
glory of the Madrid Museum Is not the
heterogeneous gathering of star can
vases in the salon of Queen Isabel
it is the possession of the only great ana
representative collection of the wor ks of
Velasquez, the prince of Spanish painters,
and one of the most extraordinary lum
inaries of the world of art since painting
was invented. This distinction alone
would be enough to set the Madrid Mu
seum apart upon a pinnacle of ita own.
Without traveling to Madrid no one can
really know Velasquez. He stands espe
cially for the somewhat indefinable but
nevertheless very real spirit of aristoc
racv. which was to some extent exempli
fied" in the work of Van Dyck though In
a lfss deep way. The fact of his being
a court painter does not necessarily en
ter into the causes of his mental attitude
toward mankind. Velasquez was more
aristocratic himself than were his noblest
fitters. He was the gentleman of gentle
men In art, and he ennobled everything
that ho tcucbed. He has reserve power:
there is a touch of perfection In his re
finement that makes all pretense seem
Ineffably mean; never has there been
«uch genuineness, such perfect poise, such
unas«:umed distinction of manner, such un
conscious authority and inborn elegance.
The first thought of most persons, on see
ing a portrait by Velasquez for the first
time Is: "How very simple and easy! Is
thatVll there is of this wonderful artist?"
There is a feeling akin to disappointment:
one was possibly expecting: something
d?zzlingr. unusual, phenomenal. But no:
there is nothing in Velasquez that !s sen
sational at all: his scheme of color is usu
ally very quiet, based on pray and brown
tones without great brilliance, though
soberly rich and deep: striving for effect
is utterly foreign to him: he was Just sim
ply the most natural of painters.
The most remarkable pictures by Velas
quez are "Las Hilanderas" ("The Tar*?s
try Weavers"). "Las Meninas" ("The
Maids of Honor"). "Las Lanzas" ("The
Surrender of Breda"), an equestrian por
trait of the Duke of Ollvarez. the various
portraits of King Philip IV and of his
children, the Princess Mary Margaret and
Prince Balthasar Charles, with the eight
pieces hung in the salon of Queen Isa
bel, which have been mentioned above.
But it must be remembered that all of
Velasquez's sixty-four pictures in Madrid
are remarkable, ¦ and that all the other
museums in the world cannot show so
many, to say nothing of quality. Nothing
that Velasquez did was trivial or un
worthy, though it would be too much to
expect that all of his productions should
exhibit equal merits.
Perhaps there does not exist a more per
fect specimen of painting than "Las Me-
were his early mythological »ubjects fully
expressive of hi3 true personality. Some of
his landscapes are vastly admired by good
judges of art, but he used landscape cus
tomarily merely as a background for his
portraits. Among the American painters
who have worshiped fervently at the
shrine of the master are John S. Sargent.
James McN. Whistler, William M. Chase
and Frederick P. Vinton. The purity and
nobility of his style make him an admira
ble examplar for painters. Hla Influence*
is wholesome and elevating. He had every
negative merit possible — no tricks of tha
brush, no commonplaces, no affectation.
no artificiality, no self-consciousness. A
profound and innate integrity of sentiment,
an utter and unsought Individuality and
originality, and a complete spontaneity
and naturalness set his works apart. Their
material beauty and nobility is apparent
to all, but their highest and deepest qual
ity Is spiritual and mental, the perfectest
pictorial expression of a rare and lofty
soul.
Note— This study by William Howe
Downes of Boston will be concluded on
Wednesday next.
In the Divorce Court.
Mrs. Nellie E. Knowlton was granted a
divorce yesterday from Ralph M. Knowl
ton on the ground of desertion. Knowl
ton was In court, but made no defense to
hi3 wife's action for divorce. Elizabeth
Boggs has secured a divorce from Charle3
\V. Boggs on the ground of habitual in
temperance. Suits for divorce were filed
yesterday by Edward H. Thiele against
Kate Thiele for desertion. Mary L. O'Mal
ley against William B. O'Malley for fail
ure to provide, Marie Duclos against Al
exander Duclos for desertion and I>. H.
Rivers against Helena B. Rivers for de
sertion.
THE MADRID GALLERY.
Eddy Ceedar disfigured himself for life
vesterday. The lad is only 10 years old,
but powder and dumdum bullets have no
terrors for him. Yesterday morning he
wns playing with a can of ordinary gun
powder, and putting a lighted match too
close to the can it went off. Dr. Baciga
lupl treated Eddy for the loss of the tip
of his nose, compound fracture of the
nose, lacerated wound of the upper lip
and a badly contused mouth and lower
The log raft is outside. It was oft Point
Reyes at 6:50 a, m. yesterday and was off
the heads late last night. It was decided
to let it remain out all night and come in
with, the tide to-day. Experts say the
huge structure is not as badly damaged
as was at first reported.
W. E. Miehell, the well-known ship
owner and manager of the- California Ship
Company, went to Puget Sound last night.
Eight of the company's vessels are now
on the Sound and two of Mr MigheU's
own vessels are there also. Mr. Mlghell
expects to be gone twa- weeks.
The steamer City of Para arrived from
Panama last night. She will be passed
by the quarantine officials to-day. Among
the other late arrivals were the ship
Eudora from London, and, the Hawaiian
bark Willscott from Newcastle. England.
WATER FRONT NOTES.
Miss Becbe Bean, who came back on
the Sherman, is well known here. She has
been nearly prostrated with dysentery,
but is now recovering, as a friend of the
soldiers she was known all over the Pre
sidio, and when the City of Para sailed
for Manila with her favorite regiment she
dressed in male attire and sailed with
them as one of the cabin boys. Since then
she has been among the men at all times
and comes home borne down by sickness,
but laden with "news."
Private Dave Boltz will probably end
his days on Alcatraz. He Is sentenced to
forty years' imprisonment. While under
arms Boltz deserted to the enemy and
now there is no name more execrated
among the troops in the Philippines than
his.
There were three deaths during the voy
0 ? 188 "!!?* 11 ! a P rlvate °f the
'-thirtieth Infantry, died on July 27; Her
man Somland of the quartermaster's de
partment died August 5 and ex-Major Dr.
.Thomas E. Evans also died on August 5.
There were twelve prisoners on the
Sheridan and these were landed at Alca
traz before the vessel left quarantine.
Ten of the men were sentenced for minor
offenses, but Sergeant Richardson stole
$1800 of his comrades' money and got five
years by the court-martial. The men in
trusted their savings to Richardson for
safe keeping and he spent it all on riotous
living.
Lieutenant II. A. Seebert, Fourth Cavalry:
Colonel E. B. WMiston, Sixth Artillery; First
Lieutenant E. D. O. 1'eatle, Sixth Artillery;
Captain W. L. Simpson. Sixth Infantry; Cap
tain W. H. Oordon, Eighteenth Infantry: First
Lieutenant M. L. Crlmmin.i. Sixth Infantry:
first Lieutenant F1j>cus. Nineteenth Infantry;
First Lieutenant John C. Cassels, Twenty
seventh Infantry; Captain Frank F. Crenshaw,
Twenty-eighth Infantry; First Lieutenant 15.
Thomas. Thirty-fifth Infantry; First Lieutenant
H. A. Ely, Forty-second Infantry; Major E. F.
Cole, Forty-nfth Infantry; Captain S. Milllken,
acting assistant surgeon; Captain Lawton,
acting assistant surgeon; First Lieutenant \V.
I>. Connor, engineer corps; First Lieutenant
W. O. Uailey, signal corps; First Lieutenant
L. A. Griffith, assistant surgeon; Preston S.
Kellogg, W. J. Raynor. A. H. Smith; E. V.
Armstrong. U. S. N. ; John Roddy, sallmaker,
U. S. N.S F. W. Perkins, L'. S. C. G. S.; Miss
Chatfleld. nurse; Miss Kratz. nurse; Miss
Snyder, nurse. Father Stenmans, secretary
to Archbishop Chapelle; Mr. Berry. G. E.
Burndston. A. Stewart. J. \V. Thompson. M.
K. Nelson, interpreter to General Bates;
Michael Mendes, former second lieutenant
Forty-fifth Infantry: W. C. Benson: Ed A.
Flnneg^n; Miss Ruby Miller. dauKhter of Gen
eral Miller; Mrs. M. K. Barrol and child; Mrs
A. Pettey and child; Miss Charlotte Ducat!
daughter of Colonel of Forty-eiKhth Infantry-
Mrs. A. A. Montaprue, Mrs. Mildred B. Brooks
Mrs. JenkD. Miss Beebe Bean, Miss Ethel Rid
ley. Misa M. Henshall and Santiago Artiaga,
Ix)renzo Ourublo, Vincente Imcglne. Filipino
youths who come to the United States to be
educated.
The army transport Sherman came over
from quarantine yesterday and docked at
Folsom 2. She made a record run of twen
ty-two days from Manila and Chief En
gineer Kingsley Is jubilant in conse
quence. There was never a hitch through
out the journey and the machinery per
formed like clockwork.
Those who came over in the cabin of
the Sherman are:
TRANSPORT SHERMAN DOCKS,
all the crew rave three deserted and
even the crazy *. dog went Ashore, eager
for a change of diet. The Carrier Dove
is laden with blacksmiths' coal, so she
escaped the white pirates and native rob
bers.
RECENTLY ARRIVED VESSEL THAT IS THE TAIK OF THE WATER FRONT.
THE four-maeted Americana that ar- |
rived from the nitrate ports via
Honolulu late Monday night is the
most peculiarly rigged schooner that
ever came inrST* this port. No one is
willing to father the Invention, but
judging from the schooner's perform
ances the rig is not a success. The
Americana was 159 days coming from
Caleta Buena, and at one time 50 per cent
reinsurance was paid on her. She put
into Honolulu, however, and was then 61
days coming from that port to San Fran
cisco. This Is the record slow passage
from the nitrate ports to San Francisco.
The Americana carries a jib topsall,-»*rn
inward and an outward Jib, a fore gaff
topsail, a fore and aft foresail, a square
foresail, a main topgallant sail, main top
sail and fore and aft mainsail, mizzen and
gaff topsail and spanker and gaff topsail.
In spite of all this spread of canvas the
best the Americana could do was about
100 knots a day. She was very foul, how
ever, having been for a long time in the
water without being drydocked.
Captain Berry got himself into trouble
with the quarantine officer. He had not
been In San Francisco for nearly five
years, and not knowing of changes in the
quarantine laws sailed his vessel in and
anchored off Harrison-street wharf. Yes
terday Dr. Kinyoun ordered the vessel
back to an anchorage off Black Point,
There he visited her and then Captain
Perry was allo'wed to dock his vessel at
Union rtreet.
ANOTHER SCHOONER IN TROUBLE.
The Carrier Dove from New Ycrk for
Seattle put in here In distress late Mon
day night. Her rudder was damaged and
the vessel was leaking, so the captain de
cided to make San Francisco. This was
all the mere necessary as the crew was
almost down to starvation diet. For three
weeks there had been nothing to eat but
beans. There was no canned goods and
no bread, but luckily plenty of water.
"Water and be;\ns therefore were the sta
ples on the Carrier Dove for three weeks.
Some of the men on the little schooner
teH wild stories. A sea serpent swallow
ed half the loRline in the straits of Ma
gellan, a witch doctor drove the Bhlp's
dog into spasms, the members of the Lon
don Missionary Society in Patagonia have
turned pirates and are looting passing
vessels, an ex-missionary has a mania for
murdering the natives and a thousand
notches on the barrel of his gun is the
record of the number of natives murdered
in cold blood. These and similar blood
curdling stories the sailors tell of their
sojourn In the "land of flre."
The Carrier Dove was intended for ser
vice between Fuget Sound ports, but it is
doubtful if she will ever reach there. It
will cost considerable to repair .her and
the chances are she will be sold to the
highest bidder. When the schooner was
at Punta Arenas two of the crew desert
ed and men to take their places were
picked up on the beach. On arrival here
Crew of Schooner Carrier Dove Says Lo % ndo.n Mis
sionaries in Patagonia Have Turned Pirates
and Are Looting Passing Vessels.
V.
The Royal Museum of the Prado In Ma
drid contains the most remarkable col
lection of pictorial masterpieces in the
world. It Is a collection which makes
no claim to completeness, and the primi
tive examples of the various European
schools are almost wholly wanting In it.
Again, although a certain master may be
fully represented by an unequaJed group
of his best works, another and equally
great artist of the school may not be rep
resented In the museum at all. This fault.
If It be one, is easily overlioked In view
of the marvelous strength of the collec
tion in certain special lines, which makes
It one of the most sacred of all meccas
for the artistic pilgrim. Thus, while It is
inferior to the Louvre in Paris as a his
toric assemblage of the world's greatest
paintings, it Is even more brilliant as a
collection of masterpieces, more or Ies3
unrelated and more or less unclassified.
The number of paintings in the Madrid
gallery exceeds 2200. and some idea of the
nlnas." which depicts Velasquez hlmsell In
his studio, palette in hand, in the act of
painting the portraits ct Philip IV and the
Queen, wnile in the foreground the young
Princess Marparet Mary ot Austria is be-
I Inp entertained by her maids of honor, too*
I cludlnj; two dwarfs. So exactly and sat
j isfactorlly docs this interior with figures
I counterfeit the actual appearances of
j things, so adorable is the combination of,
! power and modesty with which it is paint
ed, so charming are tht; quaint types of
the maids In the foreground, so beautiful
and harmonious is the color, and so pal
pitating with life is the scene that it may
well be called a typical and ideal speci
men of the preat Spaniard's art. It is al
most impossible to realize that thesa ara
the firures of people who have been In
their graves at least two centuries and a
| half.
Indeed. Velasquez, belonging to the sev
enteenth century, was essentially modern
in his spirit. He founded in his own time
no school; but his Influence is more pow
erful to-day amonjr painters, and particu
larly amonjr portrait painters, than that
of any old master. IIo devoted hl3 mature
art almost entirely to portraiture, for we
can hardly call his few religious pictures
1 either representative or typical. Neither
FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF? THE WORLD.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Zaton-
THE MADRID PICTURE GALLERY.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
AMERICANA IS MOST QUEERLY
RIGGED CRAFT EVER SEEN HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1900.
7
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH ......". SEATTLE. WASlf-
New York Dental Parlors,
; A M^Br "^ A
1146 Market Street.
Ladies will please* note our values will be found exactly
as represented.
In addition to the above wonderful attractions we will
offer:
500 LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, full sizes, QP^
extra heavy, value for $1.00, sale price Uuu
500 GRAY CLOTH SKIRTS, richly appliqued, ftft ft A
value for $4.00, sale price OZi U U
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth *3; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $3. Gold fllllim.' Jl. Silver flll-
lnirs, 50c. All irork done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Olv»
us a call, and you will find us to da exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREU3
EXAMINATION.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIX. by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. No
slerp-prcductna; agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
The entire lot will be offered at the uniform price of
x
50c Pair.
2500 Pairs LADIES' PIQUE KID GLOVES, value for
pair.
1500 Pairs LADIES' DRESS KID GLOVES, value for
$1.50 and $1.75 pair.
1000 Pairs MISSES' KID GLOVES, value for $1.00 and
•
Respectfully inform the public that owing to the
increasing business in their Cloak and Suit De-
partment (for want of space), they are com-
pelled to close out their Glove Department,
This morning we will place on sale our Entire
Stock of LADIES' KID GLOVES at
I O'RUIFN&CO
lo\ H flu KH kJ in msM tVwro 9
flu pa Fw Mj I V« m 19 j I
Hale's.
HaJe's.
ADVSIlTIoEilENTS.
J tills -sale grows in power, strength and J
f| popularity daily. m
F it is the greatest sale in the annals of the Y
g| Hale's — easily the most important merchan- &k
W dising event in local history, but as yet it's y
K only in its infancy. Jl
£|| it wasn't organized to glimmer and flash C|a
Y out after the first few days of fervor and enthu- W
iA siasm — the Hale policy is too vigorous for that. &
i|a new lines are added daily — as soon as Egj
Jr one lot is sold another equally important W
A takes its place. A
x|| new goods for the new store — that's *il
Jr the goal for which we are striving. W
A. that's why we are sacrificing profits and Jk
v£ taking losses so cheerfully — that's why your m|
Y*"*"^ dollar will buy 25 to 100 per cent more of Jf
t Hale's "good goods" than before. $L
V> the removal sale starts on its ninth day this morn-
. £ng with added force and still keener price attraction-. g
AMTJSKMTrNTB.
CUBTAD9 RISES AT 8 P. M. SHARP.
two rrxoRMors opkratio triumphs:*.
TO-NIGHT, Fridav and Batnrfiay Evenings.
"OTHELLO."
Aveiar.o. Ealassa, Mirs Graham, and Mies
Llcht«r.
Thursday, Eunfiay Nights, Saturday Matln*#.
"RICOLETTO."
IVjfso, Ferrari, Nloolinl. Pollettlnj and Repetto.
Next Week-"TA>-NHArSER.- "MIGNON."
FOrULiAR PRICES 25e and 60c
Telephone Bueta 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY,
All Week — Matinee Saturday.
Cfcar'es Frobiran Presents
HENRY MILLER
ANT> A SPECIAL. COMPANY
In an Elaborate Revival of the Romantic
Comedy,
H HA R TSHA SH.
Thureflay Afternoon acd Sunday Nlrht,
THE BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
Eubjert--GRAND CANTON OF ARIZONA."
K^irt Week— "The ADVENTURE OF LADY
fRSCLA."
Va'.ter Morosco Bole Leiset and Manager
THE GREATEST SUCCESS OF
THE MIDDLEMAN"!
A VERITABLE HISTRIONIC TRIUMPH.
Tive Calls at End cf Second Act— Four at End
of Third.
SCext VTeek— "TRILBY."
PRICES-lOc. 15c. 25c. 60c
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c
Saturday Matinee— 10c. TEc, 2Sc. 60c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
VEVHING THEIR FAREWELL.
DUNNE & RTLEY'S ALL STAR CAST.
TN TIIEIR GREATEST OF ALL SUCCESSES.
'THE N1QHT OF THc FOURT:."
8cai»7 Sigbt— Tin well Ptrfcraunei,
"RUSH CITY."
BEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
THE BF.OVVNIES IN FAlrtYLAND
MtKiSctst BpeettcclM Predsetiea.
Irelneei Entirely by PEOrESSIOHAL C3ILDSES.
l»_ICeir and Wonderful Specialties— 30.
A Xetrnlfitynt New Transformation Scene.
Tin* Performance Sunday Afternoon, Au*. U. j
p'..ru!nr Prices-Children under tt vears to J
«iny pTforrr.ance. Zi rents.
QLYMT*1A c% D £ 1 !»Za6*
1UE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
J FIFTH SERIES OF
* Professor Gonradi's
LIVING STATUARY
Illustrating the Works of Art at the Parti
Exposition.
BASCO^ND RICE
In a Comedy Sketch.
AttETTE GEORGE,
America's Sweetest Songstress.
XIATIN'EE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUK NIGHT EVEKT FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FRE&
CHUTES ANDZ00. E a7E A S flB
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
CANNON Tlin FAT MAN.
FJSABCirr Jn Hi? Sensational Hl&n Dive. j
TO-MORROW KIGHT-THB AMATEURS
AM> A PIE-EATING CONTEST.
Tc->;)hor.g for Eeau Park 21.
'^^i£rI?JSs* u-ffr 8 ?« r «aatorrh«% j
fe«fj not u> strfetara. ti 03, i irritation or Uicera. '
Kct'KFEifAi!SCK«'CM.na fcrant*. Hon-a*trln«ent.
VgEapC!HIUTl,0 B3U Sold a? OrorciftU,
AMUSEMENTS.
WH EAT R £+1%
Qrl M.ni FLORENCE
Ull o! ROBERTS,
Supported br WHITE •WH1TTLESET.
Revival by Request, |
the COUNTRY GIRL!
FIVE MORE NIGHTS AND MATINEE
SATURDAY.
Next Week. . ."ASDEP OF SABLE."
j
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. AUG. 8.
Parquet, 25c. any Seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. Any Part.
The New Company a Crackajack !
BENNETT and" STEMBLOR,
In a Sketch by GEORGE M. COHAN.
MEEKER-BAKER TRIO.
HOOKER AND DAVIS,
JOLLY JOHN NASH.
Zelrr.a Rawlston, Bt. Onge Brothers, Nichols
Sister*. Blograph.
MR. AND MRS. JOHN' MASON (Katherlne
Grey).
So Vecks of R^cii^g.
r°Uo TbUKNAMEfJ-T-.
frb^^^S^DoG SHOW.
M U^ * - o TAINM E N T J^\
vD enteb t^ tru 6 tiop j
"Write for Particulars to
P^PlJ SHIELDS, A.B.SPRECKELS,
1 SECRETARY. PRESIDENT.
FT^rHFR'^I CONCERT HOUSE.
riDOimn D Admission 1O=.
The Ojrtens and Bertha Foltz in "The Right
stocking"; Eudora Forde, Moll and Moulton,
New Moving Pictures, etc. Matinee Sunday.
Reserved Seats, 2jc
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to II p. ra.
Bathlns From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN'. 5c.
B»*h!ns. including admission. 25c: Children. 20c.
— — ¦ i i
[PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
botels poesess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and euperlor appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
[grand hotel
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, .or POWDER
rtrii, i. ESPiC ; Niw Tirk, S. TOUQEBA * CO
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
JS'EW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STB.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO European plan. Rooms, tOc to II 60 day;
IS to IS week; $« to $20 menth. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; flre gratea in every
room; elevator rues all night.
j Ladies !j
j When !
¦ — — — — ;;
t You take your summer outing: do ;;
? not forget your complexion — It Is ¦?
t sure to get sun-burned, tanned or ?
• freoklei, unless protected. \
J ?
I The Only Safe and Reliable Proven- J
? tative and Cure Is *
! Grams delis;
" ?
I! As a protection against POISON I
;; OAK It has no equal. An appii- •
" cation before exposure may save «
* you days of terrible suffering, f
» An conce of prevention, you know, ?
\ is better than a pound cf cure. «
• ««««¦«».¦..,...?
f$0 PLATES |^k!P^NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2749 barrels; exports, 8107 barrels; sales, 8650
packages. Market dull again, buyers showing
caution and limiting their purchases to actual
needs. The close was Fteady with wheat
' WHEAT— Receipts, 123,025 bushels; exports
68.357 bushels; Bales, 3,850,000 bushels future*
and 963.000 bushels spot export. Spot— Firm-
No. 2 red. 82'4c elevator and f 2%c t. o b"
afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. 85Hc f.-o.-b!
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 87Hc f. o. b. afloat'
Options— Opened strong on bullish cables, for
eicn buying and liberal acceptances from the
other side. They worked off a little at midday
on local realizing and then recovered again on
good cash demand at the West and local cov
ering, closing firm at %@%c net advance
March. S6 l-16©86%e, closed S6Ue; September'
SO 13-16@81>4c. closed SIVio; December, 82%©
S3 3-16c, closed 83!4c , . '. AW
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Futures closed firm at net un-
Territorial wools, scoured basis — Montana and
Wyoming, fine medium and fine 17ij!lilc. scoured
DOc. staple 52@53c. No. 2 medium 18(g2Oc, scoured
46«i47c; Utah, fine medium and fine 16®17c
scoured 60c, No. 2 medium 18020c; Idaho, fine
medium and fine 16@17c. Oregon wools—East
ern choice greasy. 16@17c: < average, 14@LSc;
scoured, fine medium and. fine, 4S®5Oc; valley
No. 1. 20@22c: No. 2. 21@22c. California wools-1
Northern apring. choice. - lS@19c; , average, 16®
17c; scoured, , &0@52c; middle ¦ country spring.
BOSTON. Aug. 7.— The wool trade here ia
quiet, although the demand continues slowly
but steadily to Improve. "As reports from mill
centers indicate that stock of wool are getting
lower there is a disposition among manu
facturers to enter the market. Prices are at
practically unchanged figures.
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14.000; steady to Be lower:
lambs, steady to shade lower; good to choice
wethers. J4 40@4 65: fair to choice mixed. J3 35
(a* 35: Western sheep, J4 4004 60; Texas sheep
J3 15®4 20; native lambs, J4 30®5 40; Western
Iamb3, J4 63® 5 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 14,000: to-morrow,
23,000; left over, 3500. Active, 5@10c higher.
Top, J5 60: mixed and butchers', Jo 15®3 50
good to choice heavy, J5 15@5 45: rough, heavy
J4 9:,<5'5 10; light, $5 25ff 5 50; bulk of sales, J5 25
©5 40. ¦ ¦ . . : ' ¦
CHICAGO. Aug. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3000;
steers, steady to strong: butchers' stock, steady
to slow; Texans, ; steady, to 10c lower; Western,
steady; natives, best on sale to-day, one car
at J5 60; good to prime steers, J5 40@5 90; poor
to medium. J4 75@5 35; selected feeders, steady,
J4if?4 65; mixed stockers, weak. $.Vu3 75; cows.
J3(??4 50; heifers, J.TS4 90; canners. lower. $2 20'^
2 75; bulls, easier. J2 75<SJ4 50: calves. 25c higher
than last Tuesday, J5@6 60: Texas steers, J4 30®
6 20; grassers, J3-25©4 25; bulls. J2 60@3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LONDON. Aug. 8.— Earl Fruit Company sales
California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, J2 64 box;
Souvenir de Congress, average J2 06 box. Nec
tarines. J4 80 crate. Plums — Quackenbos. aver
age $2 88 single crates; Yellow Egg. J2 10; Jef
fersons, J2 02; Golden Drop, Jl 92. Peaches-
Decker, average Jl 86 box; Orange Cling, Jl 92;
Twin Sisters, Jl 80. Prunes— Silver, average J2 8J
single crates; Gros, J2 16.
Porter Bros, sales: Pears— Bartletts. Jl 06i$?
1 60 box and 80c half-box. Grapes— Tokays, Jl 45
®1 80 stngle crate; Muscats, 50c@Jl; Rose de
Peru, 60@65c; Sultana, 56c. PruneB— Gros, Jl 10
@l 40; Silver, Jl 10. Plums-Quackenbos. Jl 05
Ql 30: Yellow Egg. Jl 25; Comedy, Jl 20; Wick
con. 80c; Columbia. 60c. Peaches— Susquehanna,
85c(ffjl 10; Mary's Choice, 95c@Jl; Crawfords,
Jl 06.
CHICAGO. Aug. 7.— The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts. Jl 10
@1 CO box. Peaches — Early Crawfords. average
Jl 08 box. Plums— Kelsey Japans. Jl 20@l 60
single crates; Washington, Jl 10®l 15; Co
lvmbla. IKgl 10; Grand Duke, Jl 25@1 60. Prunes
—Gros. Jl 3501 45.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes—Fon
tainebleau, 80c(gJlO5 single crates. Pears—
Bartlett, Jl E0@2 20 box. B5c!ff Jl 05 half box.
Peaches— Early Crawford, 75c@Jl 20 box: Sus
quehanna, Jliffl 15. Plums — Kolsey Japan, Jl@
2 50 single crates; Wlckson. J2 40@2 50; Yellow
Egg. Jl 10@l 60. Prunes— Giant. 85c@Jl 36 sin
gle crates; Hungarian. Jl 35@2; Gros, Jl 40@l 70.
Twenty cars fruit sold.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
lett, 95c®J2 05; Beurre Hardy, Jl 45. Prunes—
Gros. Jl 3501 75; Italian, Jl 40@l 50; Fellenberg.
Jl 3591 40; Bulgarian. Jl 35; Hungarian. Jl 35;
German, Jl 20@l 30; Silver, Jl 20<31 25. Plums—
Wlckson, Jl 35; Coe's Golden Dr/ps, Jl 25; Vic
toria. Jl 20; Columbia. Jl 20; Yellow Egg. Jl 25:
Normand, Jl; Jefferson, So@95c; Orient, 75c:
Kelsey, 97c.
California Fruit Sales.
. NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Cloving
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
S.OSS Atchison 261;
7.015 Atchison prefd 70V,
8,*,:0 Baltimore & Ohio 7IH
Canadian Pacific 8714
210 Canada Southern 4S\i
1.510 Chesapeake & Ohio 27H
Chicago Great Western 10%
2.4:0 Chicago Hurllngton & Quincy 126H
Z<jO Chicago Ind & Louisville 2l£
Chicago Ind & Lnuievllle prefd 51
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
110 Chicago & Xorthxveetern 157^i
2.SfiO Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lOo^
C C C & St Louis bSh^
6.900 Colorado Southern 6^4
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudscn 112
Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 176
S00 Denver & Rio Grande 1S)4
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie k>k
Erie 1st prefd S2>i
Great Northern i>refd U2
Hocking Coal 131H
Hocking Valley 34
C20 Illinois Central 116%
2<i0 Iowa Central 19
ICO Iowa Central prefd 44
Kansas- City Plttsburg & Gulf 13V4
1C0 I.»i ke Krle & Western 26U
100 Lake Krle & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore *($
l,::A Louisville & Nashville -,\y s
1.<"*X> Manhattan, Elevated oo«i
9V> Metropolitan Street Railway 153H
22i Mexican Central i]«<
l f "O Minneapolis & St Louis i,6
l'V» Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93'i
2,2^0 Mlpsourl Pacific 50%
Mobile & Ohio 3s
1,500 Missouri Kansas & Texas 914
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 3014
New Jersey Central 129*1
200 New York Central I2gu,
COO Norfolk & Wentem 34?
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 77
3.7S0 Northern Pacific Bl*i
Northern Pacific prefd 7ju
200 Ontario & Western 2o£
NEW YORK. Aus. 7.— The recent disposition
to refrain from operating in Ftocks and to await
a clearer development of the prospect was re
inforced to-day by the extreme heat, which
reached a level Inducing prostrations on the
floor of the exchange. With the exception of
occasional execution of oni«*rs in a few stocks
where special causes were at work, the list was
alir.ort wholly neglected. During the early part
of the day some considerable declines were es
tablished, but when the room traders came to
close up their contracts the losses were in large
part wiped out. The most conspicuous Individ
ual movement wa3 In United States rubber,
which Jumped S*i from the early low point not
long before the clore. Punishment was visited
rs a result upon the shcrt interest which rushed
to cover, making some enow of animation in
stocks. Northern Pacific's larce increase In
earnings for the fourth week In July brought
realizing and the grangers were heavy on the
weather bureau's weekly crop report, showing
need of rain in the corn belt. The steel stocks
sagged on the further »-»ductlon in the prices ot
iron warrants. Rome of the recently inactive
stocks showed wide declines, including Chl
capo Great Western, Lake Erie & 'Western.
Iowa Central and the local traction stocks.
Some of the early selling was based on the
beginning of the told export movement. En-
Rapements amounted to only about $2,500,000,
whereas the miniates yesterday pointed to
$4,000,000 and upward. Reports from London
were that the Bank of England was now giv
ing special facilities to attract gold from New
York. Otherwise it Is not probable that gold
would have gone out at to-day's figure for
sterling. The rate for demand sterling fell
back a fraction a« a result of sales of bills
against irold exports. It is announced, however,
that more (fold will go out Thursday. To-day's
shipments are supposed to have l<e«>n to cover
the required deposit of 5 r#r cent accompany
ing applications for war loans.
American subscriptions are credibly reported
to have exceeded $50,000,000 or the entire amount
of the bonds offered. The allotment by the
British Exchequer of £5.000.000 of the £10,000,
ft") lysue for the United States therefore In
sures American bidders about SO per cent of
their applications. Future payments are re
quired on August 15 of 20 per cent, on Septem
ber 14 of 2S per cent, on October 15 of 23 per
cent and r.n November 15 of 23 per cent, of the
bonds Issued at 98. This would make It feasible
to distribute the remittances over a consider
able period, but there is also a provision that
the installments may be paid in full on or
after August 15, under a discount at the rate
of 3 per cr.L No information can be obtained
as to how remittances will be made and this
contuses the estimates ae to the future effect
on the money market. Gold continues to ac
cumulate in New York on payments by the sub
treasury to the banks of drafts on account of
sold deposited at Pacific points. The banks
have pained from the sub-treapury since Friday
$2.Cs2.« i 0 on this account. The money market
is therefore little affected by the gold exports.
Bonds were dull and irregular. Total sales,
par value. $625,000. United States 2s declined
*-i In the bid price.
Nezv York Stock Market.
The stock of wheat at Portland, Or., and Ta
coma and Seattle, Wash., decreased 68,000 bush
els last week.
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase. 1,776.000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decrease, 300,000 bushels; total
supply, increase, 1.476,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 22,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 684,000 bushels.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreefs show
the following changes in the supplies frcm the
last account:
Visible Gram Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dee.
Opening 6 2 6 3H
Closing 6 1% 6 2H
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. N'ov.-Feb.
Opening 20 25 21 SO
Closing 20 20 21 50
Flour —
Opening 26 10 27 95
Closing 26 15 28 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TTTESDAY. Aujr. 7— J p m
„ „ „ , Bld.Ask. f Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— lEfjult O L Co. J\ ft
Is quar coup.. 115 113*41 Mutual El Co. 9»i io'I
«s do resr 115 nM$ O G L & H... 434 50
4s do cp new..l3: s -»133\i fao Gas Imp.. — 51
Is quar coup.. 1O3V»1C»** Pac L Co 43 —
Miscellaneous — ?ac ElG&PCo W H —
Cal-st Cab 5s..llSH — 5 F O & E.... 53^ _
C C Water 5s.. 10fi*i — 3an Francisco. 5 5>i
Ed L & P 63.127\a — 3tkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Insurance —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 Flrem's Fund. 225
H C & S 5»4s. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 5s — VH Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —"<¦
L A Ry 5s....lO5tilO6 Bank of Cal.. — — -
L A Lt Co 63. — — !r; a i s r> & T..l*)4'i —
Do gntd 83.. — — 'First NationL275 —
L A «mtd 5s. .100 — iLnn P & A 134'4 —
L A P R R 5s. — — I Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s... — 1^'iNev Nat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M o».llS?i — j Savings Banks—
N C N G R 7s. — — !G*r S 4: L...1S30 —
N R of Cal 88.113 — Hum S & L... _ _
Do 6s — 11SH Milt Sav Bit.. 45 —
XPCRR 63.101 — 8 F Sav IT. ...505 —
Do os 1T64107 !Sav & L So... 74 73
N Cal Ry 5s.. ill'* — j;5ec Pav Bk.... — —
Oak G L & Hill — Union T Co — —
Oak Tran 6s..ll6'i — Street Railroads —
Oak W Co Cs.. — \<rt Talifornla 123 —
Oceanic S Co..l%*iliM .Geary-st iO —
Om C Ry 6s.. 127 ID Market-st .... 64 «3
P & Cl Ry ¦s.WZH — O S L & II.... — —
P & O R R (Ss.lir, — presidio _ jyu
Powell-«t R «s.i;i> — Powder Stocks—
Pac El G,fcR:»s. 9S«jl<n iralirornla ....1". lCT-i
S F & SJV>.U>' 2 12<H 4 Giant Con Co. «U —
S R of Cal 6.-I.1U lllVVItrorit J 1 * 3%
S P of A 6s.. Ill HI*,- Sti^ar Str>cks—
8 P C «s<1305). — 111 ;I1ana S P Co. 7% S*-i
Do (1««> — V- Haw C 4 S Co r —
Do (1D12) 119'; — |Honokaa S Co 2?*; 31
KpRClst gtn5s. — — Hutch S P Co 2T> SU
S P Br 6s... — IK'jiKil.vjeaS P Co 13'i —
5 V Water 6s. .11X4 — j Makaweli S Co 41 —
D<7 4s 102^102*4 Onomea S Co. 2« —
Do 3d mt~..lf>2 — jPaauhau S Co. 33'i 30 T i
Stocktn Gas 6s 914 — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— |Al Pack Assn. US 121
Contra Costa.. 6<5*i XF+ Cat Fruit As»n 9'\ —
Marin County. 5f» — Mer Kx Assn. 97 10©
Spring Valley. <M»i 93 Oreanic S Co. — 93
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A 2 —
Cent O & L Co — — Pac C Bor ColSO —
Cent L & P Co 4'i S^ Par Paint Co.: 12H —
Morninc Session.
Board — __ „
10 Giant Powder Con JT CO
25 Honokaa S Co 3? CO
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 2o 2a
20 Makaweli 8 Co 43 Ort
S 5 Makaweli S Co - 43 »0
1""<W> \far!cet-st R>" con 5s 113 0O
J4$S Northern Ry of Cal 5s 1H •- .
50 Onnmoa Sugar Co 26 E \
60 Paauhau S P Co 30 U i
5 Pacific Gas Imp 51 W ~
2j Pacific Oas Imp Jl CO
90 Pacific Lighting 43 m
11"> S F Gas & Electric Co 54 00
•,i> S F Gcs & Klectrtc Co 53 73
JO S F Gas & Electric Co 53 30
j5S r Gas & Electric Co 53 CO
JSCCO S F & S J V bonds 113 n
60S V Wr.ter 94 STtj
J1000 3 V 4s t2d mortg) 103 SO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
CO California Fruit Canners' 93 pn
13 Equitable Gas 3 c?ii
20 Giant Powder Con S« :.O
23 Honokaa S Co 30 rs
25 Honokaa S Co 30 *>>
9i> Makaweli S Co 43 73
ICO Makaweli S Co 44 m
40 Onomea Suffar Co 2S •>."•
2S) S F Gaa fz Electric Co 53 gg
10 S F Caa & Electric Co 53 «
30 S F Gaslight 5
S3000 S P of A bonds 111 •>-,
20 S V Water &J <~,
Street— 2
5ft Honokaa S Co jn ¦>-
60 Hutchlnson S P Co """ 2->»-,
75 Makaweli S Co « j£,
$1000 Omnibus Cable bonds !!!"!l3 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
tVt Blue Goose ,- fn
1W Yukon " LL
ICO American Fuel ?[
Street— * *"
150 Home Oil .t-i
' Afternoon, Session. i L
Board — •¦ -^
100O Caribou "'. • „
100 Yukon V.'.""."V.V.V.V.V.".".!r."'! 60
Business on th« morning; session of the Bond
Exchange, -while not lively was better than for
some little time. Makaweli continued to decline,
selling at J43@43 SO. and Gas and Electric waa
lower at J34S53.
In tbe afternoon Uakaweli -was firmer at J43
©44 and Gas and Electric at £3@S3 23. Giant
Powder sold at $53 50.
The California Street Cable Company will pay
a dividend of BO cents per share to-day.
The Presidio Railway Company will pay the
usual dividend of 10 cents per share this monrh.
The Onomea Sugar Company paid a dividend
of 25 cents per share on the 6tn.
The Paauhaa Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of 30 cents per share on the 10Ui.
The Pacific Lighting Company paia a divi
dend of 30 cents per share on the 6th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend of 35 cents par share on the
10th.
The Standard Consolidated Mininjj Compar.y
will ray a dividend of 10 cents per share va
the I-dL
THE STOCK MARKET.
The -Poultry market continues overwupplled
and very dull at weak prices. Hens, Roosters
and young fowl are the weakest descriptions.
Two ' cars Eastern Poultry arrived.
Game brought better prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 10tgl2c for Hens; Geese, per pair Jl 25-
Goslings, $1 r.<gl CO: Ducks, J3@4 for old and
J3@4 for young; Hens. J3 50£5: Young Rooat
ers. $433; Old Roosters. J4Q4 25; Fryers, J3®
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 50c@Jl per sack.
90c@Jl per crate for Berkeley and Jl@l 60 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2@3c per lb; String
Beans, 1H@3; Llmas, 3f$4c; Cabbage, 40®t>0c;
Tomatoes Rivers. 75c® Jl; Bay, Jl@l 25; Egg
Plant. 50®75c . per box; Green Okra, 35ii?75c:
Oreen Peppers. 35(fI50c per box for Chili and 40
©60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S@10c: Carrots, 25
i533c per sack: Summer Squash, 20JJ35C for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 15@30c for Alameda; Pickles.
Jl per ctl for No. 1 and SOc for No. 2: Garlic, 2
6 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12015 per ton.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. SOc; New Early
Rose, 25@30c; Burbanks, SSig'Coc for Rivers and
65©73c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 1&@1%c per
pound. ,
ONIONS— Yellow. 63®SCc per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 86®75c.
Onions and Sweet Potatoes continue to shade
off under free receipts. Potatoes 'continue It
large supply and cheap, though a fine Alameda
Burbank will bring 75c. ¦ River Tomatoes again
advanced, under light receipts and a good de
mand, but otherwise the Vegetable market
showed little change.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, J2©2 20; Canary, 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2Vi@3c; Hemp. 434V£c; Timo
thy, 4@4tfc.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. nominal: Green, J2 23Q>
2 50 per ctl: Blackeye. $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bay os. J2 65@2 75: Small White, $3 40
®3 60; large White. J2 6Off2 75; Pink. $2^2 So;
Red. $3 25@3 50; Blackeye, $3 50; Lima, J5 30®
5 40: Pea, nominal: Red Kidneys. $4@4 50.^
There is nothing new to report under this
head. Everything is quiet
HAY— Volunteer. $4 50(36 EO; "Wheat. JNVf3:i2;
Wheat and Oat, J5 SCg-U 50: Oats, JSW10; Clover,
J45J6; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley, J6 50-gS 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 25!g40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS-
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26#27; Jobbing,
J27 &0#28; Cocoanut Cake, J20@21: Corn Meal.
J26 50: Cracked Corn. $27; Mixed Feed, $13 50^14.
?17i520 per ton
Receipts of Hay are running very irregular,
being excessive one day and light the next.
Thus, on Monday, they were over 140Q tons,
while yesterday they were a little over 200.
The market shows no change whatever, and
Feedstuffs also stand the same. «
BRAN— $12 5C<£?13 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 60®3 75,
usual termc; Bakers' Extras. J3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 7S@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and J3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, J4 75@
5 75 ner barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
J3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, J2 75: Rye Meal, $2 50;
Rice Flour, J7: Corn Meal, J2 75; extra cream
do. $3 50; Oat Groats. J4 50; Hominy, J3 5O>S3 75:
Buckwheat Flour, J4'q4 25: Cracked Wheat.
$3 50; Farina, Ji 50; Whole Wheat Flour, S3 25;
Kollerl Oats (barrels), $637 23: In sacks. J.' 75
«?7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, J5; Green
Peas, J5 £0 per 100 lbs.
Prices for these ' goods have not varied for
some little time.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS — The market continues firmly held, but
the demand is not as brisk as it was a week
or so ago. Offerings are not heavy.
White. Jl 10<Sl 35; Surprise, Jl 35@1 40; Red.
U 10@l 22%: Gray, $1 l(Vgl 20; Black, $1 07%®
1 22H per ctl; off grades of all kinds, Sl@l 07&.
CORN— Eastern is again coming in. 2000 ctls
having arrived yesterday, and importers are
quoting it at Jl 15©1 17«/j. This has lowered the
price of the California product. Large Yellow.
$1 17tt@l 20 per ctl; White, $1 17»,4@l'2O; Small
Round Yellow. Jl 17%@1 20.
RYE— 90®93%c per ctl. The market continues
dull.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
Informal Session — No sales. ,
Second Session — December— 2000 ctlS. "SHc;
2000 7S%c: 12.000. 79c; 4000, 79Hc; 6000, 79Uc.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
SOc.
CALL BOARD SALES
BARLEY — Futures were higher again and
holders of epot feed tried to advance quota
tions, but with indifferent success. Brewing
and shipping descriptions, however, rule firm
at better prices. Several cargoes have been ex
ported during the past day or two.
Feed "hie for No. 1 and 70@73c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 82Vs@
S7Hc: Chevalier, nominal.
Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 13;
4000, $1 13U: 44,000, $113%; May— 2000, $1 1S&:
2000, Jl lSV*; 10.000. Jl 18.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—16,
000 ctls. Jl 12; 10. tOO, Jl 12*;: 4000, Jl 12H.
•.Second Session — December — 1S.0OO ctls. Jl 12U-
Regular Morning Session — December — 4000 ctls,
|1 12»i; 20,000, $1 13; 16,000. Jl 12**.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Chicago advanced lc under better
foreign advices. A Belfast cable reported tha
European weather "dreadful" and endangering
the crops. The weather in England is espe
cially severe. Foreigners were liberal buyers
on Monday.
In the local market futures were higher,
though spot quotations stood the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl 03»i; Milling, Jl 05
@1 10.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Are steady but dull at
37s 6d, usual options. The chartered Wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 27,100.
against 46,560 tons on 'the same date last year;
disengaged. S370 tons, against 7465; on the way
to this port, 188,300 tons, against 207,300.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sight — Si S3
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61H
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... — 4!>^
Exchange and Bullion.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J-
August 75H 75H 75 "IVi
September 76»* 76H 75% 76>4
October 77* 77Vfc . 78H 77H
Corn No. 2 —
August S8% 89 38H 38v4
September 8SH 8S% 33H 3S%
October SS SS 37^ 37%
Oats No. 2—
August 21% 21% 21% 21H
September 22 22 21% 22
October 22H 22% 22 22%
Mess pork, per barrel-
September 11 97Vi 12 00 11 S5 1187ft
October 12 00 12 00 11 S7% 1190
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 6 85 6 %"Vt 6 S5 6 83
October 6 90 6 924 6 87^ 6 90
January 6 72V4 6 75 6 70 6 72ft
Short ribs, ner 100 pounds —
September 7 10 7 22H 7 15 7 17VJ
October 7 17H " 17V* 7 12H 7 12^
January 6 12Vi 6 12H 6 10 6 10
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steadier; No. 3 spring wheat. 72(ff75c; No. 2 red.
74H©78V»c; No. 2 corn. 3»c; No. 2 oats, 22J?22Hc;
No. 2 white, 23%@24f4c; No. 3 white, 23Viff24iic;
No. 2 rye, 4$Vic: good feeding barley, 34@35c;
fair to choice malting, 36fH3e: No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 34; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 34; prime timothy
seed. {3 20; mess pork, per barrel. $11 S5*}11 90;
lard, per 100 pounds, $6 82H<86 S5; short ribs
sides (loose). )7 05@7 35; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6?i®7c; short clear sides (boxed). $7 65
@7 70; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23>,4;
clover, contract grade, new, J9; old. JS 40.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13,000 . 6,000
Wheat, bushels 194,00) 12.C00
Corn, bushels 129,000 501,000
Oats, bushels 546.000 SaS.!**)
Rye bushels 11,000 J.000
Hurley, bushels 15.0C0 3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creameries. 15@19c; dairies
14317c. Cheese, dull; 9V4«10%c Eggs, firm;
12c.
Unusually high temperatures prevailed
throughout the Suite during a portion of the
week, with cooler weather and some clo'.diness
towxrd the close. Some sections report Blight
<lair.age to fruit and early grapes by the ex
treme heat en the 1st and "i. In other respects
conditions have continued favorable.
Grain harvest is nearly eomplctei in man/
farts of the State. There is no improvement
In the yield of wheat for the ontire State, al
though there are portions of the San J.^xjuin
Valley where the yield is said to be heavy and
in sonv- flails above awrape. In eome of the
coa^t nomtea w-'ieat !s sai«i to be quite inferior
;r. Quality, bat elarwbere it is excellent.
Irrigation water is hecoir.inx scarce in por
tions of Southern California, nut in oth»r dis
tricts there is f-!:!l ; t n abundant. The Mound
cri f> o! alia'.ia is turning out ver/ well. c 'jsar
lw«-t l.i.r\e*t is 2iropr«.!-ing. and -.ii^re are no
lurthi-r r-j<:ts «.f dair.atre by bli(??!t. V Hatces
*re «be!ng wmewhat injured by beetles in j*r-
Uooi of Sunoma County. Corn was no: serious
ly injured by the heat.
Th«-re are reports of the continued dropping
of prune* in many ;.lace«, wbile ot'i^r sections
are aj.-jiarently.free from this difficulty, and
the yieiJ will lie very heavy- Other deciduous
fruit* are yiei&ins heavy crops i!> all sections
except Southern California. UaiFln grapes are
r»>I>orted in excellent condition in most eection*.
end a good crop is *xpeoted. There are good
i>rot-pectt for an unusu&Uy large crop of or
anges in Southern California. Walnuts are in
•air condition, except in a few places wcere
disease is- affecting th; trees.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
Normal weather conditions have continued
through the wwk, Grain h2rvect Is etill In
progress, with no improvement in the yield.
Some factions :«port that there will be onl>
half the usual crop. Peaches are dropping ia
a. few orchanle, and eosw dam«u{? *hs <Joa« to
this *niit by hlgn winds in tne vicinity of
Vacavllle. but the yield will be abundant in
nearly all places. In Tehama County the de
ciduous fruit crop will be the largest ever
knewn, hut there is pome danger that It may
not be all gathered, owing to the scarcity of
labor. French prunes are looking well, and
are nearly ready for market. Grapes are in
excellent condition: prospects are pood for a
large crop. Almonds are being gathered ; there
is a good crop.
COAST AXD BAY SECTIONS.
UnufualJy high temperatures prevailed frcm
the 1st to the 3d, causing fruit to ripen rapidly,
ard in some places it is reported that the hot,
dry winds did considerable damafre to tomato
vine?, grapes and r runee. Pe<-iJunus fruits are
l.eintr pathered: drylmr. canning and shipping
are pnjpressiric:. the yield throughout the sec
tion will be nearly average though llpht in
eome localities; in Napa County the prune crop
if said to be Immense, and picking will com
mence during the we^k. O--ai>es are looking
well in most places, and will probably yield a
Bpod crr-p in the northern counties. Beetles are
injuring potatoes in portions of Scnoma County.
Harvrsting and thrashing continue: the yieid
of wheat !6 much l-elow average, and in some
places the quality is Inferior. Extensive fires
la the vicinity o£ Santa Rosa have injured pas
turage.
SAX JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Warn:, cl^ar weather, favorable for harvest-
Ing and the maturing of the fruit crop, pre
vailed during the week. Drying north winds
occurred on teveral <*ays, but did no damage to
the crops. Grain harvesting is about over, and
in most sections the yield is considerably below
the average. Nearly all of the grain harvested
has been chipped to the warehouses and is
being held for higher prices. The warehouses
In some sections are l>eln? taxed to their ut
most capacity. Kenorts from all pectior.s are
favorable for a large fruit crop. Farmers are
tusy gathering their fruit, and the canneries
end dried fruit packing houses are running to
their full capacity. Peaches are the principal
fruit bf-lrsg put up p.t present. In some sections
labor Is scarce, fc'ome fruit is beinjr shipped to
Fouthrrn California, and the market in the
northern part of the Htate is being kept fully
supplied. Pear*, plums and prunes are doing
m-ell. Watermelons and table grapes are being
marketed. Citrus fixlt is in good condition.
The second crop of figs promises to be very
good. The second crop of alfalfa ir nearly
raved, and is of good quality. Stock are in
f:ne condition and feed Is abundant.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Extreme heat during a portion O f the week
has l>e<:-n Injurious to walnuts and deciduous
fruits, and has done pome damage to early
gr.-i.pes. Walnuts are dropping badly in some
places, while in others the nuts and trees are
in excellent condition; there will be a fair
crop. Citrus fruits are reported In pplendid
condition in most places, and a heavy yield
Is predicted. Corn and tomatoes were some
what damaged by the heat. Water is becoming
ecarce.
n-jreka fummary — Much damage Is being
done to vegetables by rrub worms; spraying
uith psris green and water. High wind caus-od
some early apples to drop.
Los Anc*>les fummarj'-IIot -weather affected
rummer crops on unirrigated land; there were
occasional showers, tiut too light for pood or
tiarm. Almonds are ripe. Oranges are growing
fast and a good crop Is expected.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
The New Tcrk Commercial Bays:
There was more business in dried fruits yes
terday than for some time. The feature of
greatest moment was the awakening interest
in new apricots. Huyers are at la-«t beginning
to arrive at the conclusion evidently that apri
cot? at the existing prires are low, and are
taking hold more freely than at any tim» this
fcaKin. Reports from the coaFt tell of a very
much firmer feelirg there, with a tendency
toward a Ftill higher market. Fine quality
g'Ktds are undoubtedly scarce, and it Is thi*
lact. without much question, that is tending to
curry the market upward. Sales of five cars
of new apricots were re;>orted here yesterday.
pr!c*-F ranging from 6V<£iS<-. f. o. b.
Interort in currants continues active, and
pales made yesterday led to a ptlll hipher
rrarket here, the price being advanced by th«
leading holder to fi*c. Two sales of about CO
l;lils. ea^h were made to |>oints in the West
the firrt at 6 13-lfic and the second sale at 6?»c!
Sales of smaller lots to the loctl market were
» 1 ported at <P«o.
Three-crown loose Muscatel raisins nre in
very good demand for this season, sales of two
carp on the coast being isade here yesterdav.
The rale of another car of ppot three-crow'n
ptK'tJs was reported at from 74/7'ic. Imported
Fultanas are held very lirm'y. with some con-
PideriiWe business pending.
Kuture appl.-s went higher yesterdav. and
Bfclfc? 'it several cars were made at an advance
of '{.e, the ;>rrviou8 Fale having been at 4>ic.
It was re;K»rted that nn offer of for two
rnrs was turned down. Predictions are now
made ihst the market will advance to :.c.
Others believe that the price will go down
again in a short time. There is likely to be
corriderable speculation if the market stays
around the present figure or drops again.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The stecrr.fr Curacao nailed yesterday for
Mexico with a general cargo, valued at tM.SJS.
exclusive of some in transit. The following
were the principal shipment?:
4C,:a cals £3 c» wine, er.3 pkgs groceries and
provision*. SS cs c.ir.ned goods. 17 bdls ppice 70
en oil. i7$ cs paste. Z'Sl cs fruit. 279 cs potatoes.
26 pkp-F vegetables. 12:) mats rice. 7 cs seed 8
cm leather and findings, 29 cr onion*. 120 os
hardware. C3 chests tea, 12 cu window glass. 44
pkgs pipe, IS cs paint, 13 cs ealmon, 6 cs dry
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Tcllotrir.g is the weekly cllnr.ate end crop
bulletin of the Weather Bureau, CaJifornia
Ec-tion, United States Department of Agricul
ture, fxr t^e week ending Monday, August 6:
Condition of California Crops.
The temperature has fallen in the Sacramento
Valley and remained nearly stationary in other
districts.
A wind of "6 miles per hour from the south
is reported from Salt Lake City.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
CaJifornia Wednesday. except partly cloudy
along: the coast la the morning.
Forecast made nt San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 8. 1900:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, except
partly cloudy alon« the coast: fresh west wind.
Southern CaJifornia — Fair Wednesday, except
cloudy along the coast in the morning; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah — Fair Wednesday: cooler.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday,
except partly cloudy or fopgy in the morning;
fresh west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Ore
pen and the up;*r Sacramento Valley; else
where west of the Rocky Mountains it is clear.
The pressure has risen slowly over the Pacific
slope.
FORECAST.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 7-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 1% < Los Angeles 76
Fresno SO, Sacramento 80
Mount Tamalpais Independence 86
Rei Bluff 84 San Diego 70
San Luis Obippo 76:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Cl; minimum, 51; mean. ."6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(12nth MerHlan-Paeiflc Time.)
Weather Report.
In transit — 7 cs Chlnaware. 2S cs Chinese pro
viFior.s. 25 cs firecrackers. 12 pkgs miscellaneous
merchandise. Value, $C20.
goods, 20 cs mineral water, 132 pkgs machinery,
73 pkgs iron, 25 bbls tar, 26 cs drugs, 212 cs
soap, 41S bdls Ehooks, 31 cs dried fruit. 59 kegs
nails and spikes. 51 bdls cordage. 127.2S6 feet
lumber. 44SS feet hardwood, 55 cs whisky, 7 cs
candles. 15 kegs red and white lead, 6 tons
ccal, 18 pkgs wagon material, 40 sks malt, 2481
lbs soda. 13 cr car wheels, 23 eks beans, 30
pkps Chinese merchandise.
* *
CHICAGO. Aug. 7.— At the opening in wheat
and a few minutes after an excitedly lively
business was done compared with the almost
utter stagnation of recent sessions. Early
quotations from Liverpool furnished a big sur
prlce to local traders, showing an advance in
that market of lU©l%d. The advance was said
to be due to exceptionally bad weather all over
the United Kingdom, greatly interfering with
harvesting operations. Opening quotations In
September ranged from about %c to a full cent
over yesterday's closing prices, the range bn-
Ing from 764c to 764c. But there the advance
stopped and it took but a few minutes of the
heavy realizing which started at once to force
prices back quite materially. Offerings for
some time wer* heavy, long wheat coming out
in large quantities, principally from local hold
ers, though houses with foreign connection*
were also prominent In the selling. There were
apparently plenty of buying orders In the mar
ket at 7Cc and under and the market was noi
often allowed to go below that figure up to
the noon hour, the lowest point touched up to
that time being 75T(.c. After noon the market,
which had gradually become extremely dull,
became heavy also. The crowd was evidently
long and the market declined to 75%c, mostly
from its own weight. Shortly before the close
liberal export sales gave a better tone to thi
market, September* advancing to 7«Vic bid,
where it closed.
Corn was dull for the most part, but firm at
all times. September closed %@"ic higher at
3S4fc3SHe.
Oats were quiet, but steady. September
closed >;c higher at 214@22c.
Provisions were steady, with a fair general
trade, with packers the best buyers. There
was some outside demand, presumably in
fluenced by the Government demands for meats.
There were no new disturbing elements as re
gards the yellow fever outbreak. At the clois
September pork was 24c higher; lard and ribs
each 24c higher.
The leadlnr futures ranged as follows:
Sifccr and Sterling Exchange firmer.
11' Jurat dull, with higher futures.
Barley finn at a slight advance.
Oats finn, but quiet. Rye dull.
Corn lozL'rr under resumed Eastern imports.
Flour and Millstuffs unchanged.
Hay in irregular receipt. Feed stuffs steady.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Oniojus and Szvcet Potatoes lower. Tomatoes higher again.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs quiet with ample supplies.
Melons in free supply and lower.
Peaches end Pears a little better on canning account.
Dried Fruit market firm, with free inquiries from the East.
Provisions dull at the advanced quotations.
Wool at last sliows more firmness and activity.
Leather in fair demand. Hides unchanged. Tallozv weak.
Hops neglected by buyers.
Sez-cral slight variations in the Meat market.
Grain Bags off again.
Coal firm at previous prices.
Chicago Grain Market.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 7.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $145,299,476; gold, $72,915,789.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— Money on call easy at
lfflVi per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@5
per cent. Sterling exchange easier at 14 884
for demand and at $4 84% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 85@4 834 and $4 89; commercial
bills. $4 S3%©4 83%. Silver certificates. 614®
G24c. Bar silver. 614c. Mexican dollars, i84c.
Government bonds, weak: State bonds, lnao
tlve; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Nezv York Money Market.
LONDON. Aug. 7.— Atchison, 27%: Canadian
Pacific, 89H: Union Pacific preferred, 77M,;
Northern Pacific preferred, 734; Grand Trunk,
64; Anaconda, 8 7 4; Rand mines, 40%.
Bar silver, 284<J per ounce.
Money, 3®34 Per cent.
The bank received £56,000 of gold from Aus
tralia. Much to the general surprise, the mar
ket was obliged to renew loans from the bank
falling due to-day.
Americans were listless, beginning well, but
closing rather heavy. The Reading .dividend
delivered yesterday was disregarded.' Tlntos
were strong In response to yesterday's spurt in
Paris, while Anacondas were overlooked.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet and irregular
to-day. Investment securities being strong on
the remarkable success of the exchequer bond
proffer of £10,000,000. The list was opened this
morning and Immediately thereafter closed. It
is understood America takes a large amount
and that France also has made subscriptions of
considerable magnitude.
London Market.
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
400 Pennsylvania 12S4
700 Reading 16=^
3.510 Reading 1st prefd 6S4
450 Reading 2d prefd 28
Rio Grande Western SS4
Rio Grande Weetern prefd 90
400 St Louis & San Fran 94
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33!%
St Louis Southwestern 104
100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 264
6.220 St Paul mu
St Paul prefd 171'
St Paul & Omaha 110
1,325 Southern Pacific 33»i
700 Southern Railway iot*
100 Southern Railway prefd bzU,
200 Texas & Pacific 14%
14.215 Union Pacific 67H
1,354 Union Pacific prefd 75\
Wabash 6%
900 Wabash prefd is
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie '.'.'. t\
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 234
Wisconsin Central 13
Third Avenue joj
Express Companies—
.•-•••. Adams ...123
American ;;; 155
United States 45
Wells-Fargo 153
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton OH 334
American Cotton Oil prefd S84
100 American Malting 3«
210 American Malting prefd 19S
American Smelting & Refngr !64
227 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 8S4
American Spirits i«4
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 18
American Steel Hoop prefd 8«
1.130 American Steel & Wire 334
600 American Steel & Wire prefd 73%
300 American Tin Plate 23
American Tin Plate prefd 78
1,110 American Tobacco 93
American Tobacco prefd 128
325 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
8.S30 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6«!i
1.500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 35&i
1,940 Continental Tobacco 244
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 764
1.S30 Federal Steel 334
200 Federal Steel prefd 654
100 General Electric 1304
1.1S0 Glucose Sugar 53*i
Glucose Sugar prefd 994
International Paper 22>»i
200 International Paper prefd 65
Laclede Gas 74
ISO National Biscuit 31
National Biscuit prefd $6
130 National Lead 19
P67 National Lead prefd PS
2S0 National Steel 24
430 National Steel prefd *34
New York Air Brake 131 '
North American 15
Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd «6
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
340 Pacific Mall 30*4
130 People's Gas $(,%
200 Pressed Steel Car 40
-.. Pressed Steel Car prefd 71
Pullman Palace Car 1S3
300 Standard Rope & Twine 5
1S.780 Sugar 121%
Sugar prefd 116
SCO Tennessee Coal & Iron 70*4
400 United States Leather 1 104 .
United States Leather prefd f8>4
12.2S0 United States Rubber 294
10O United States Rubber prefd 94
Western Union 79»i
1,030 Republic Iron & Steel Co 9^t
415 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 50
P C C & St Louis 544
134,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref(when Is- ,M K & T 4s 914
sued), reg coup.. . 1034 iN Y Cent lsts 10S
U S 2s reg 100 N J Cent gen 5s.. ..122
U S 3s reg 109% N Pacific 3s 654
a S 3s coup 10<»i N Pacific 4s 104^
U S new 4s reg 132% N Y C & S L 4s...lO7Vi
U S new 4s coup. .132% ;N* & W con 4s 97;»
U S old 4s reg 115 Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s coup. ..115 Dr Nav 4s 102Vi
U S 5s reg 112% Or Short Line 6S....125S4
U S 5s coup 112»i Dr S Line con &S....112',
Dis of Col 3.65s 122 iReadlns Gen 4s $1%,
Atchison gen 4s-... .1014 JR G W lsts 98>4
Atchison adj 4s..... 84 !g L & I M con 5s..llOVi
Canada So ids 1084 S L & S F gen 6s. .1214
Ches & Ohio 44s... 99U St Paul cona 167
•^hes & Ohio 5s llS'-i F P C & P lsts 117
C & NW con 7s 140 p P C & P 5s 11SH
C & NWSFdeb is. 122 'So Pacific 4s 78%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 924 iPo Railway 5s......lO8?i
Colo So 4s S3 Stand R & T 6s.... 68
D & R G lsts 102 Tex & Pac lsts.... 11T4
D & R G 4s 9S*i Tex & Pac 2ds 56
Erie General 4s 69Vi Union Pacific 4s 105%
F W & D C lsts.... 714 N'abash lsts 116
General Elec 5s 115 '.Vabash 2ds 101
Iowa Central lsts.. 113 West Shore 4s 111%
K C P & G lsts.... 70 Wts Cent lsts SSH
L & N Unt 4s 984 Va Centuries 89%
M K & T 2<ls 67 •
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lOtOntario 6 00
L'rown Point 15 Ophir 65
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 fro
Gould & Curry 1% Quicksilver prefa.. (J 50
Hale & Norcross.. 17,3ierra Nevada 23
Homestake 50 0<r Standard 4 20
Iron Silver , 60 Union Con 19
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket U
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 694
Call loans 2^3 'Jnion Land 2
Time loans S@44 West End 93
Stocks — IVestlnchouse El... 44%
A T & S F 2*3% Wisconsin Central. 13
A T & S F prefd. 70V« Bonds —
American Sugar.. ..1214 Atchison 4s 99
Am Sugar prefd.. ..116 N E Gas&Coke 8s. 64%
Am Telephone 143 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. .245 Adventure 24
Boston Elevated. ..143 Allouez Min Co 1
Boston & Maine 1S8 Amals Copper 88
Chgo, Bur & Q 126% Atlantic 24
Dominion Coal 41 Boston & Mont 305
I Dom Coal prefd. ...Ill Butte & Boston.... 66
Federal Steel 33 l 4 iCalumet & Hecla.745
Fed Steel prefd 654 Centennial 17
! Fltchburgr prefd... 136>* (Franklin 13%
General Electric... 1304 Humboldt 25
Gen Elec prefd 133% Osceola 67H
Ed Elec 111 205 Parrot 424
Mexican Central... 11% 'Qulncy 135
Mich Telephone S5 f'>anta Fe Copper.. 44
N E Gas & Coke... 15 iTamarack 200
Old Colony 203 Utah Mining 29%
Old Dominion 18% \Vlnona 34
Rubber 29 'Wolverines 39%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
changed prices : to 6 points advance. Total
sales. 37,000 bags, including: August, $7 70;
September, $7.70; October. $7 70®7 75; Novem
ber, $7 80; December, $7 WQ1 95; January, $7 90;
March, tSSS 05; May. $8 10<£8 15. .
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining. 4Uc; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4 13-16c; molasses sugar. 4c;
refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS,
Trading In evaporated apples was of a hand
to-mouth order, with price changes conspicuous
by their absence.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3©5c: prime, 4%©54c; choice, SHS'Sc; fancy.
California dried fruits. Inactive and nominal.
PRUNES— 34©7c. as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll«T14c; Moorpark, ln«Tl<c.
PEACHES— Peeled. Ui&ISc: unpeeled, 6@9c.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 3s
10*«d; American mixed, old. 3s ll*4d. Futures,
steady; September, 3s llttd.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 3d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4d; No. 1
California, 6a Sd^s 34d. Futures, quiet; Sep
tember, 6s l%d; December, 6s 2%d.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 7.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 63 3dS6s 34d: wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, dull; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Aug. 7.— Consols, 98tf; silver. 2S4d;
French rentes, lOOf 20c. Wheat cargoes on pas
sage, less offering, sellers asking 3d more;
cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 30s 6d;
English country markets, steady.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Aug. 7.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 59c; club, 56c.
PORTLAND, Aug. 7.— The wheat market is
quiet, buyers and sellers alike showing but lit
tle disposition to do business. Nominal quota
tions are 54c and 55c for Walla Walla and val
ley and 57©58c for bluestem.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Aug. 7.— Clearings. $315,375; bal
ances, $46,S34.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— The market for cot
ton futures started barely steady in tone, with
prices 1 to 3 points higher on near months
and 2 to 4 points lower on far months. Bear
supremacy soon asserted itself after the call
and under fairly active selling for both ac
counts prices crumbled sharply. Against $7 93
in the morning October advanced to js 17 before
a reaction «et In. January advanced from
$7 85 to $8 05. At the best figures of the day
the market showed a net rise of 11 to 14
points. The market finally steadied, with
prices 5 to 12 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
Spelter ruled a shade easier at $4 17Vi«?4 224.
Lead was dull and unchanged at $4 25. and
copper also ruled dull at $16 50. The brokers'
price for lead was $4 and for copper $16 50.
Tin was us higher at London and a shade
steadier here for spot, but weak on futures.
Spot tin closed at S32W32 25.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— All of the iron mar
kets ruled weak again to-day, th« local market
being especially so. dropping 50 points in pig-
Iron warrants to $11 60.
Nezv York Metal Market.
14#16c: scoured, 45©57c; southern free. 12@13e:
southern defective, spring. 11012c: free north
ern, fall, 14@15c.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Moana
left there have been the following deliveries of
coal: Hiddekel 4110 tons. Sir Robert Ferale
3911 tons, Craigerne 2996 tons. John Kna 424>>
tons; total. 21.553 -tons. There are on
the chartered list for coal from Syd
ney end Nswcastle forty-five vessels
with a carrying capacity of about 140.000 tons.
This la an increase of 14,000 tons since last
mail. Although the deliveries the past thirty
days have been 12,613 tons greater than the pre
vious month still none has gone Into yard, but
has been delivered direct to consumers, who
purchased same prior to arrival. There Is but
little Australian being- loaded which has not
passed from first hands prior to being delivered
to ship. Colonial freights are firm at advanced
rates and few carriers procurable. The Honolu
lu demand ttm continues brisk.' Engagement*
CANNED FRUIT-Extras in 2^-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots. Jl 50 for un
peeled, $1 85 for peeled and $1 95 for peeled and
Bliced; Blackberries, fl CO; Cherries. U 73 for
black. $1 So for white and $2 for Royal Anne;
Currants. Jl 73; Gooseberries. $1 60: Grapes.
$1 So; Nectarines, $1 50; Peaches. $1 teftl 75;
Pears $1 75; Plums. $1 33@i 40; Quinces. $1 65;
Raspberries. $1 85; Strawberries $1 75
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton: Southfleld
A\elllnKton. $9; Seattle. J7; Bryant. $6; Cooa
Bay, $3 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS'45
per 2CO0 lbs and $S 50 per ton, accordlns to
brand.
BAGS— The reduction in the grain yield has
again caused a fractional decline in Calcuttas.
Other descriptions stand as before. Pan Quen
tin Baga. $3 65; Calcutta Grain Bags, Svfcc; Wool
Bags, 2S'i«32 1 4c: Fleece Twine. 74c ; Fruit
Bags. C%(06?4c for white and 8U©S%c for
bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. for small. 5-^®5Tic
for medium and oH©3»fcc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, a\i&i%c: dressed Hogs. 8@8Vic
LAMB— Spring. 8H59C rer lb,
Several slight changes will be observed. Veal
continues scarce "and high. Lamb is firm and
Mutton steady. The supply of Beef about bal
ances the demand. Hogs are easy, as more
liberal receipts are expected, but prices are no
lower.
BEEF— BU6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL — Larve. 74r8c; small. 9ffil0c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7Vi®Sc; ewes. 7@7Uc" per
pound. •
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. loi^lBc: Northern, defective. 12-f8
14c; Middle County, free. 14316c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12t?Uc; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 11912c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10© 12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months*. SOllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16017c; Nevada, 13i£fl«c per lh.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, S@l0c; do Lambs',
SQ9'Ac per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at B^lOc per lb; new,
NX812C.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9V»c; medium, &Hc: light. 8Hc; Cow
hides, S»jc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf, 9c;
Dry Hides, sound. 15c; Dry Kip, 15c: Dry Calf,
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings. 2iM?30c each; short Wool. 30-350C each;
medium. SO'gSOc; lonjr Wool. SOcitfll 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. %2<SZ 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 50 for large. $1 23 for medium.
$1 for small and 23@.V>c for colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, 33c; fall or medium skins.
30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Uoatsklns —
Prime Angoras, "Sc; large and smooth, »0c;
medium, C3c.
TAL.I/5W— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c: refined. 5V»c; grease, 2S2'ic.
Tallow is weak. Hides, as already mentioned,
are relatively about a cent higher here than
at Chicago, as the tanners are buying to meet
a fair demand for leather. The Eastern mar
kets continue congested and weak.
Hops are quoted dull and nominal. The Cali
fornia crop Is reported short, but crops else
where are said to be abundant, so no scarcity
is expected. Buyers show no anxiety to make
contracts.
The Wool market at last shows a change for
the better, and quotations for several descrip
tions are a ehade higher. There Is also more
activity, as the demand is improving. The
Fall clip is not making' much show here as
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 874c: three
half-barrels. S*ic: one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces.
S^ic; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure: half- barrels, pure,
9^c: 1Mb tins. 10c: 5-Ib tins. 10Hc.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lOHc per lb for
heavy. He for light medium, 12>-4C for light. 13c
for extra lieht and 144c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13e: Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, »13; Family. $14: extra Prime
Pork. fc»: extra clear. $19; Mess. $1S SO; Smoked
Beef, 12HG13C per lb.
Cured Meats are quoted dull at the recent ad
vance. Stocks continue light in all positions.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@10c for Standards and 9
(gllc for softshells; new Almonds. llHQ'l^Hc
for paper-shell, SViflOHc for soft and 6®7c for
hardshell; Peanuts, 5<§6Hc for Eastern and
6<B6c for California; Brazil Nuts. WSM^c; Fil
berts, 12®13c; Pecans, Ilgl3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 113
ll^o for light amber; water white, ?4§74c;
light amber extracted, <%@6%c; dark, a4@6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
RAISIN55 — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. R^jc; choice, 7^c; standard. 6Hc;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, oc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5»-ic;
3-crown. 6\ic; 4-crown. "c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 M; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal: Apricots, 6®
IMc for Royals and SV&'SlOUc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5iS6c; sun-drted. 3<g3iie.
Peaches. 5c for standard, 6c for choice and 7c
for fancy; Pears, E^^c: Plums, pitted, 5@6c:
unpltted. l€il^c; Nectarines, 4#5c for red and
5® 6c for white.
The East is getting impatient for new Prunes
and Raisins and is sending a good many tele
grams out here for quotations, which, however,
they are unable to get. The quotations for
Prunes may be expected any day now, though
it is possible they may still be delayed a week
yet. Nobody seems to have any idea as to what
the opening base price will be.
The fruit market as a rule Is firm and slow
ly tending upward. Apricots are leading, as
choice stock is scarce and the East is looking
for It. With the, possible exception of Apples
there is no really weak fruit on the list.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese continue quiet at
about the same quotations. All are in ample
supply, and Cheese is in especially large stock,
with more sellers than buyers. The demand
for packed Butter and cold storage Eggs is
not yet heavy, though some sales are being
made.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23ig23Hc: sec
onds, 22'^c.
Dairy— Fancy. 20c; good to choice. lS313c;
common. 13®17^4c.
Creamery tub — 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20c.
Firkin— 1Si220c.
CHEESE— New. $@3c; Yotins America, 3>4^
10c: Ka stern. 13*i<§:i4%c: Western, 10^120 per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14@lSc for store and 20tf
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 14V4Q1SC.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Melon market ia decidedly weaker, and
quotations ehow a decline all around, owing to
the cooler weather and heavy receipts. Grapes,
too, are in liberal supply and slow.
Dealers are quoting a small advance in bulk
prices for Peaches and Pears for canning ac
count. Plums are in fair supply and steady
at the low prices. Figs and Nectarines are
scarce, but the latter are cheap, being small
and undesirable as a rule.
Berries continue to bring good prices.
Citrus fruits show no change worthy of note.
DECLDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 25*T40c per box for common and
50c@$l for good to choice; Crabapples, 20®30c
per small box and 40<§6oc per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25(g65c in boxes and $150
22 CO per ton in bulk.
PLU1IS— 20®4Oc per box and crate; in bulk,
$10015 per ton; Prunes, 25®50c per crate; Egg
Plums, $10"fi 15 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50£4 50 per chest for
large and $4'57 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— J6W10 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— J3-35 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6®7c per lb.
FIGS— £0c for single and 90c for double layer
boxes.
NECTARINES— White. 35@40o per box; red.
35(g50c.
PEACHES— 20*3400 per box and 20@40c per
basket; in carriers, 60370c: in bnlk. $15t?-2 50
per ton for freestone and $20^23 for clings.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau, 35g50c per crate:
Muscats. 40@65c per crate; Seedless, 60©73c per
crate; Sweet water, 35(&oCc; black. 50@75c; To
kay. Jl.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 35@75c per ease; Canta
loupes, 75cg$l SO per crate; 'Watermelons. $5®
$15 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclas, $2^3 50: Lem- I
ons, $1 50@2 50 for common and $3@4 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $7; Bananas,
$1 23® 2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50 & 3 60 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Doves. 6fvgC5c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. *1 25@1 60; Brush Rabbits. $l"fjl 25;
Hare. $l!fj 1 25.
3 50; Broilers, $2 5<XS3 for large, and $1 50<32
for small: Pigeons. $1 SOttl 75 per dozen "lor old
and $1 25(^1 50 for Squabs.
OREQON.
Flour, qr sks SIS!
Flour, qr sks 6. 4fiS' Quicksilver. Csks 1"?
Wheat, ctls 4.!C0'Llme. bbls 1^2
Farley, ctls 1M1-V Pelts, bdls 271
Oats, ctls l.S70> Hides. No S23
Corn. East 2.C0<> Hay. tons 212
Cheese, ctls 45 ; Straw, tons 17
Butter, ctls 24<TWool. bales... 4T>
Sugar, bbls 321 Middlings, sks.... ECO
Eggs, doz lj.alO^Bran, sks 4V»
Tallow, ctls 213 Onions, sks 74.%
Wine, gals S7,4O> Potatoes, sks 4.? 11 ?
Leather, rolls 93 Beans, sks 471
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST 7.
Receipts of Produce.
are being made twelve to fifteen months ah*>n,i
at full freight rates. Foreign coals now Puy
the regular tariff duty in Honolulu. This Is %» a
onerous a duty for them there as it is here, vr&-M
tectlon on an article which is not produced.
America It now supplying the world with coal
Crude oil is aiding to rescue our large fuel con
sumers by their dally increasing output, which
serves to keep our coast colliery proprietors
from establishing too high a valuation tor their
products."
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles. 3Hc: cases 4^
4Hc: initiation Eastern. J5 o<V. boneless out
strips. 5»i«6Hc; blocks. 5^'aSe: tablets. «\c"
midiles. 64»Sc: desiccated. STHc per dozen'
pickled. $7 per tbl and J4 per half bbl.
COFFEE — Costa Itlca. ligii^c for prin»
washed. 12H®13**c for gCK>d washed. lT^Mi,?
for good to prime washed peab»rry. m,^ii.
for Rood to prime peaberry, HVal3>jo for jj(v>.j
to prime. . lfegllc for good current mixed with
black bean*. DVz^tll'ic for fair. T-ffSV" nc -tnlnal
for common to ordinary. Salvador— lO^tj'Sc f. r
g«oj to prime washed. IO^IO^c for fair -washfi'.
1201X%C for good to prime washed peaberrv!
lO'iQn^c for good to prime semi-washed. 10» 2
©lie for superior unwashed. l'JfflfHjic for gnn.i
green unwashed. ll,'t?H'»c for Rood |q superlcr
unwashed reaberry. 6-~1.S\c nominal for com
mon to ordinary. Nicaragua — ll^lT^iC for prirrv»
to fancy washed. VPHSXPfrA for fair to strictly
good washed. t%Gl<H&C nominal for good lo
superior unwashed. 10> 2 «Ille nominal for goM
to prime unwashed peab^rry. Guatemala ani!
Mexican— 14"fi 174c for prime to fancy washrf
12K^tlZ^ic for rtrictly Rood washed. llVj^l \Z l - ¦;
for good washed. & a 4'fill 1 4c for fair washtM.
9*&9'sc for medium. t%49a3&a fcr Inferior to or
dinary. 13®H'»c for good to prime washed pe;i
berry. llfill'jc nominal for Rood to prime un
washed peaberry. lfXSWic nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Rather more demand Is rer^rrM
and quotations are steady. Sole, heavy. 2<K?33c
per lb: Sole Leather, medium. 2fMI30e: Sol*
leather, light. 1MQ19C', Rough Leather, heavy"
RO33e; Rough Leather, light. ZZfiZHc; Harness
Leather. h»avy. SZllZ^c: Harness Leather, me
dium. 3C©37c: Harness Leattuhr. lierht. SO'fJ'S.".--
Collar Leather. lJ1tl6o per toot: Kip. finished'
40<&50c per lb: Veal, finished. IDOSSe; Calf, fin
ished. 73cSfl 20; Sides, finished. ltVyiTc per foot •
Belt Knife Splits, WQlte; Rough Splits 8@10o
per lb.
OILS — California Castor Oil. in cases. No !. I
75c: pure, Jl 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels".' botleil.
73c; raw. 77c: cases. Cc more: Lard Oil. extra-'
winter strained, barrels. ~('s: cases. 73r; China
Nut. 63<??72e per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 60c: cases. 6T>c: Sperm, pure, fiOc; Whal?
Oil, natural white. 37H@-'2 1 2C per gallon; Fish
Oil. barrels. 3."c; cases. 40c.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE A\D BENZINE—
Water "White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12<-,c: Pe-»rl
Oil. in cases. lV»c; Astral OH. in eases. IS^jc-
Star Oil. in ca«e<«, l^Vjc; Extra Ptar Oil. in
cases. 22>4c: Elaine Oil. in cas»s. 23>jc: Eocene
20HC: Deodortied Stove Gasoline, in bulk, He:
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in ca»es. 21c; Ben
zlne, in bulk, 14'Jc; Benzine, in cases. Jf",c;
S?-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c: $S-degree O . ¦-
oline. In cases. ?7c.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at «4c per gallon in
cases and 52c in drums or iron barrels.,
RED AXD WHITE LEAD-Refl Lead. T^ci?
'%e per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICK SILVER— 130351 per Cask for local use
and J43i?4S for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining- Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.2Pc; Powdered,
5.80c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c: Dry Granulated.
5.70c: Confectioners' A. 5.70c: Magnolia A.
6.30c: Extra C. 6.23c: Golden C. 5.10c: barrels.
10c more: half-barrels. 23c more; boxes,
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for 1ms than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos. half-barrels. 6.43c: boxes, 6.7Cc per lb.
LUMBER— Retail nrlces are as fellows: Ptr.e.
ordinary sizes. J165?17: extra sires, higher: Red
wood. |17^1S fcr No. 1 and J131?1« for No. 2:
Lath, 4 feet. $3 501N: Pickets. US; Shingles.
SI 73 for common and J2 73 for fancy; Shakes.
{11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic. $21327.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 190O.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Page Eleven.
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8CLIMBED TO IMPORTANT
OFFICE OF PRESIDENT
OAKLAND, Aug. 7.— The annual meet
ing of the stockholders of the Oakland
Gas, Light and Heat Company was held
yesterday. The reports of the J Officers
showed that the policy of reducing rates
has resulted In a satisfactory Increase of
business. ASs. directors for the ensuing
year the follpwlng named were elected:
John A. Britton, John T. Wright, 'James
Moffltt, Thomas Crellin and H. A. Hedger.
Resolutions were passed expressing ap
preciation of the services of the retiring
director. Captain D. E. Martin.
The new board of directors elected the
following officers: President, John A.
Brlttoh; vice president,- John T. Wright;
secretary. A. T. Eastland; assistant sec
retary, W.D. Smith. Mr. Britton thus
becomes- head of the company, whose,
service he entered as a boy.- He has
steadily risen until the entire business Is
under his control. Much of the success
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY, Aug. 7.— Dr. John Fryer.
Agasslz professor of Oriental languages
and literatures in the university, has sail
ed from Shanghai, China, and Is expected
to arrive here next Saturday. In a recent
letter from Shanghai Dr. Fryer says con
ditions were very lively thrre. At that
time he thought his departure would bo
delayed on account of the trouble.
ThereVvvlll he three new courses In the
departm<vit of Oriental languages at the
unlverstt>\.this year: Elementary study of
the Cantonese dialect, Mr. Walter Fong:
elementary study of the Japanese lan
guage,. Mr. Yoshlsaburo Kuno; element
ary study of Kuan-hua, the general spo
ken langungo of. China.. Dr. John Fryer.
The university cadets, with the excep
tion of the freshmen, will assemble by
companies, In uniform, at 11:15 o'clock
Monday morning. August 20. They will
march to the flagstaff, where President
Wheeler j will present to them Captain
Henry de H. Walte. the new professor of
military science and tactics. At Ihe same
hour the freshmen will meet to" receive
their flrst Instructions for enrollment.
President Wheeler will address them af
ter ceremonies at the hagstaff.
George H. Boke. a graduate of the State
University with the class of 1894. has been
appointed Instructor in jurisprudence In
the institution from which he graduated.
Mr. Boke has spent two yeara in study at
Harvard.
NEWS MATTERS ANENT
STATE UNIVERSITY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 7.
The sequel of a runaway match was
seen in Judge Hall's court to-day when
Celia Paul was prranted a divorce from
James Paul on the ground of desertion.
And in tho story of her years of waiting
was the evidence of a woman's devotion.
In 1SS3 James Paul, who was the pro
prietor of a tailoring 1 ship in San Fran
cisco, wooed and won the woman who
has just been legally separated from him.
As the girl's parents objected to Ihe
match an elopement followed and tho
lovers were married In San Rafael. When
parental forgiveness was forthcoming
they went to live at the home of the
bride.
One evening in February, 1SS4. Paul did
not return home from nis business. In
vestigation showed that he had sold out
his shop and departed, carefully conceal
ing his tracks. Mrs. Paul did not, how
ever, lose faith in her spouse. -During the
sixteen years since his abrupt disappear
ance she has waited patiently for his re
turn. Only twice has she heard rumor*
of him. Once he was said to be in jail
and now he Is supposed to be in New
York.
At last Mrs. Paul concluded that pa
tience was becoming a -fault and the di
vorce granted by Judge Hall was the, out
come of her change of mind. The custody
of the only child is given to the mother.
WAITED MANY A
LONG AND WEARY
YEAR FOR HIM
Remodeling the Piedmont.
OAKLAND. Aug. 7.— The fern' steamer
Piedmont If Lelhg remodeled at the West
Oakland . shlpways. The .ipper works ar«
to be rebuilt w'th central .gangways to
the upper deck. The seat plan is to be
changed on the lower deck. -The bar and
restaurant will be placed In the hold." T'he
changes are similar to those made on the
Bay City, with the;3erkeley for a model.
Escaped From Agnews.
OAKIiAND, Aug. 7. — Mrs. M. E.
Courtright applied at the Sheriff's office
to-day for assistance in locating her son.
Charles W. Courtright, who escaped from
the Agnews Asylum for the Insane on
July 4. The young man was one of a
party of Inmates of the asylum taken to
San Jose, to witness the celebration In
that city. He made his escape during the
excitement attending the parade.
Judge Lawlor's Final Evening Ses
sion in Department 11 Will
Close at Midnight!
Aliens who desire to be naturalized in
time to vote at the November election will
be given a last chance to-night. At mid
night the time limit will expire and natur
alization after that time will not carry
with It the right to vote on- November 6
Superior Judge William P. Lawlor wlli
sit in Department 11 at the City Hall to
night after 7 o'clock to hear applications
for naturalization, for the accommodation
of those who may find it impossible to at
tend the regular sessions of the court to
day.
At the session of Judge Lawlor's court
last night about 150 applications for nat
uralization were heard. A rush of appli
cants Is expected at the final sitting to
night. -'-;•¦ . • ...
LAST CHANCE GIVEN TO
BECOME NATURALIZED
COLLAPSE OF INSECURE
WALLS CAUSES PANIC
.Rickety, Structure Trembles, but For
tunately Does Not Completely
Collapse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug.' 7.
The collapse of the partitions. In the old
Cavalry Hall building, at Twelfth and
"Washington streets, which is being remod
eled by a force of carpenters, was the
cause of a panic this afternoon among the
patrons of the stores on the ground floor
of the flimsy structure. Timbers were
hurled into the street, and an unknown
lady, walking on Washington street nar
rowly missed being struck, by a fourteen
inch beam as it fell from the second story
. Many thought the whole shell would
collapse, and places of safety were eagerly
sought.
About 3:30 this afternoon, while car
penters were sawing a fourteen-lnch tim
ber on the second floor, the wooden girder
snapped, and within a second nearly every
partition fell to the lloor with a crash
that threatened to plunge them through
on to the people In the stores beneath.
The rickety old structure trembled for
several minutes, and it was some time be
fore the carpenters resumed their work.
When the crash came the markets on
Twelfth . and Washington streets were
crowded with afternoon shoppers. Women
and children screamed and hurried for
the middle of the streets, and from the
Gas Kitchen restaurant, a score of cus
tomers, cooks and waiters rushed for the
open air.
Tho shock broke all the chandeliers in
the restaurant, besides demolishing a
quantity of crockery and glassware. Cav
alry Hall is a wooden building erected
many years ago by the late H. D. Bacon,
and it now belongs to his estate. It is
now being remodeled. There are walls
only one brick thick on two sides only,
and the work of the carpenters has great
ly weakened the old structure.
The Day's Dead
James w. Kerns.
j Special Dispatch to The Call.
j SUISUN, Aug. 7.— James W. Kerns, one
!'of the pioneer merchants of Suisun, died
j suddenly this evening 1 after an Illness of
| less than twenty-four hours. About 1
o'clock this morning Mr. Kerns was
taken 111 and Dr. \V. G. Downing was
! hastily summoned. He found that Mr.
Kerns was suffering from heart failure
¦ and that he was dying. The deceased was
, a native of New York, 58 years of age.
! He came to Suisun thlrty-flve years ago.
Mrs. Elizabeth. Partington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUMA. Aug. 7.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Partington died at the home of her sis
ter. Mrs. C. H. Taft, shortly before noon
to-day. Death was due to consumption.
The deceased was a native of Scotland,
aged 53 years, and was the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. A. Hutchison and sister- of
Mrs. C. H. Taft of Petaluma, Mrs. Ver
ney of Salinas and Mrs. Street of San
Francisco.
Mrs. John Nelson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETAL.UMA. Aug. 7.-Mrs. John Nel
son, wife of the late John Nelson, who
was proprietor of the Olema Hotel, died
at her home near that place this morning
after a lingering illness. The deceased
was 61 years of age and leaves a family
of five children.
Dr. I/eibknecht.
CHARLOTTENBURG. Aug. 7.-Dr.
I^ibknecht. the well known member of
the Reichstag and one of the leaders of
socialism In Germany, is dead. He wus
born at Giessen In 1826, nnd was editor of
the Vorwaerts, the socialist organ.
MAHONEY NOT CHARGED
BY CHIEF OF POLICE
Commissioners Give Serg-eant Gleason
Instructions That Saloons Must
Be Closely Watched.
The Police Commissioners held a
lenstby meeting last evening. Patrol
tr.an Timothy J. Calnan, who left town
pome three week? ago under a cloud, was
formally dismissed from the force.
Policeman Edward J. Thompson, who
Flapped Sergeant Blank In the face Sun
day, was given a hearing. It developed
that the offense was committed in a tem
porary fit of anper. the policeman being
f';iKht!y under the Influence of liquor at
the time. The sergoants over Thompson
testified to his previous exemplary char
ucter and represented him as a brave,
gentlemanly and efficient offlcer. Thomp
son testified that he had taken a few
drinks and that his head was troubling
him at the time he struck the sergeant.
The Commissioners voted to take the mat
ter under advieement for one week.
Commissioner Mahoney came in affer
the hearing and when the board finished
Its regular business It took up the Thomp-
F"n case again, but failed to reach any
agreement.
Officer Harry Wilson was fined $30 for
r'-porting for duty a half hour late. His
excuse was that he had forgotten his star
and returned home for It after Dearly
reaching the station.
Frank Kane, a special officer employed
by the Pacific Society for the Suppression
at Vice, sent a communication to the
board asking that he be given a hearing
relative to Insinuations that had been
made In court about him by Judge Conlan.
The board took no action on the matter.
The Commissioners feel that there are
too many saloons In the city, the number
now «>xcV*-ding 3000, and it was ordered
tliat Serg'ant Gleason be notified to exer
cise extreme care In reporting violations
cf tho iaw, the Intention being to revoke
llor>nso!= where the owners display a lax
ity in conforming strictly to the rules.
The license of the Golden Bell saloon at
1774 Market Ftreet was revoked until such
time as the proprietors shall comply with
the law.
Thomas p.. Bamstead, a pensioned s«r-
P^ant. was prar.ted sixty days leave of
iil'smce.
The Chief retwrted that he had changed
the Chinatown w;uad In the Interests of
th* department in that section of the
<:iy. He paid he had no evidence that
v.-oiild wnrrant preferring charges against
*-• rpvant Ma honey.
Tne resignation of Officer McGrayan was
received and accepted.
The case of Sergeant Price, who has
eskf-d to he promoted to his former place
E3 licntonant. whs put over for one week.
COUNCILMAN LEMMON'S
BROTHER PASSES AWAY
•-.AiM.A.-M), Aug. 7.— William Cromwell
L-rr.mjin. the eldest brother of City Coun
cilman J. g. I^mraon. died Jast Sunday
nr« ;7 aVill<> ,' Slerra bounty, after an 111-
JfrfflSLS^S 1^ y * ar - Mr - Lcmmon was
5rrll« Thrifi 1^ 9 - He cam * to California
ranVcir ! ™ n M V xh hls widowed moth-
Mr i/i? a " Pl?ters and brothers.
Mr. J^rr.mon was a member of the Ma-
—^-
Hotel Proprietor Robbed.
Wt , A - Pa!>tium. proprietor of the St
JlMchola? Hotel at 472 Eighth street ™«
tnterr-d on Sunday afternoon an? Wtn
roln etolen. The hou-I man was on an
sutlng at the time. The detectives have
i clew which may lead to the. offenders
ROGERS SENT TO
SERVE OUT HIS
FULL FIVE DAYS
After the manner of the King of France
and his famous march up the hill and
down again, James Taylor Rogers went
from Jail to the Supreme Court and from
the Supreme Court to Jail again. His pe
titioji for a writ of habeas corpus was
"discharged" yesterday and he was re
manded to the custody of tho Sheriff.
The petition was heard before Justices
Beatty. Harrison. Henshaw, Temple and
Van Dyke, the opposing counsel stipulat
ing after the hearing was over that th«
absent Justices. Garoutte and Harrison,
nhould be allowed to participate in the
decision. It looked at lirst, when the
court retired to deliberate, that there
would be no decision except on the ques
tion of allowing bail, for which Mr. Hen
ley had asked, but Judge Garoutte came
in while they were discussing the matter
and with him a decision on the principal
issue was reached. The opinion was writ
ten by, Justice Henshaw, Justices Harri
eon, Garoutte and Van Dyke concurring.
So far as the decision Is concerned, it
throws but little light ot the case and
only paves the way for another proceed
ing in contempt and another appeal. There
were eleven questions propounded which
Rogers refused to answer. If any one of
these were rele\-ant and pertinent and
capable of being answered without tend
ing to incriminate the witness or degrade
his character, then in refusing to re
ply the witness was clearly in contempt.
Then, looking over the questions, the
court found this one: "Did John M. Chre
tien Inform you that John Sullivan was
not the legal heir of Joseph Sullivan, de
ceased?" This question, the court held,
was plainly pertinent and relevant, and
It Is apparent on the face of It that no
answer, either "yea" or "no," could pos-
Mbly incriminate or degrade the witness.
Therefore he was in contempt. Therefore
he must go back to Jail to serve out his
Hve days.
This completes the circle and Rogers
is Just where he started, except that in
trying to stand straight and avoid say
ing too much he has fallen backward and
landed in Jail. The principal issues in the
case have not been touched upon at all,
and when Rogers comes out of jail he will
be asked to answer the questions again.
He will undoubtedly answer the one pass
ed upon by the Supreme Court, and then
he may stick on the others if he pleases.
When he does the questions will go to
the Supreme Court again, where they
may be ruled upon.
When the proceedings opened yesterday
afternoon. Judge Heatty narrowed the in
quiry from the start to the validity of the
order of the Superior Court directing Rog
ers to answer the questions propounded.
If the order was invalid, he said, there
was no question but that Rogers had dis
obeyed it. Deuprey then objected to any
matters other than those Inclosed in the
last proceeding in court being made a
part of the case at bar, but Henley was
allowed a little more latitude.
He argued that tht\ affidavit setting
forth the refusal to answer and the con
sequent contempt, must show not only
the questions asKed but also that they
were relevant and material to the Issue.
AH In the affidavit that went In support
of their materiality, he said, was the
mere allegation that they were relevant
and material.
Deuprey then spoke briefly for the re-
Fpondents. He said it was a plain case of
a witness refusing to answer questions
after having been ordered to do so by the
court. The questions asked, he said, had
been decided by the Superior Court to be
relevant and material, and It had been
further ascertained by the court that they
did not tend to degrade the witness nor to
Incriminate him. He is not tho Judge of
the tendency of his answers, argued Deu
prey: it is fertile court to Judge of the
consequence. Tney were only before the
court to answer one question— had the
court exceeded Its Jurisdiction In making
tho order? If on the face of the commit
ment the court found that the lower court
had not exceeded Its Jurisdiction, then.
Deuprev claimed, the petitioner had no
standing before the Supreme Court.
The question of bail was then taken up.
It appeared to be a simple thing that
Henley asked when he requested that his
client be released on bail pending a de
cision In the case, but it presented an
other knotty problem and the court with
drew to weptle with it. It is the con
tention of some of the Supreme Court
Justices that in matters of habeas corpus
the Supreme Court has power only either
to discharge or remand the prisoner.
of the corporation has been due to hl3
efforts.
Widow of a Pioneer Dead
OAKLAND, Aug. 7.— Mrs. Kather'.na
Schlotzhauer. widow of the late pioneer.
Paul Schlotzhauer. died suddenly this
morning at her home, corner Hopkins and
Boston avenues. Fruitvale. She was found
dead In bed by a member of the family.
Mrs. Schlotzhauer was a native of Ger
many, 64 years of age. She leaves sev
eral children. An autopsy will be held to
determine the cause of death.
BERKELEY. Aug. 7.-The autopsy
which was held this afternoon on the re
mains of Mrs. Clara K. Reid, who was
found dead last evening in her home on
Lo Conte avenue, showed that death was
due to natural causes. L. R. Reid, the
husband of the deceased, is in the north
ern part of the State.
Death Due to Natural Causss.
OAKLAND. Aug. 7.— The regular meet-
Ing of the Oakland Club wi'l take place
to-morrow afternoon. An excellent pro
gramme will be presented by the mem
bers of the domestic science department.
Oakland Club Meeting.
Eden Parlor's Grand Ball.
HATWARDS, Aug. 7.-Eden Parlor. N.
S. G. W.j will give a grand ball In Its
spacious hall on the evening of August
13. J. E. Geary and Peter Zambri««ki are
the committee !n charge ot the arrarse
nnrnts for the ball.
Bogers rose during the discussion and an
nounced that tlu-re was no fear of him
leaving the city, but he wfis told it was
a question of power the court was dis
cussing, not the possibilities of his escape.
Was Hope for Rogers.
It was the prevailing opinion that Rog
ers would go free after the length of time
the court was spending in deliberation,
leading tho waiting onVs to believe the
main question was being discussed. This
was gathered from the remarks of the
Judges from the bench and from the fact
that even upon the suggestion of the court
Deuprey refuse*] to argue the validity of
the order to answer made by the Superior
Court. The decision was therefore some
thing of a surprise until the reasons for
it were read.
1 The action of the Supreme Court may
not have ended with the remanding of
I Bogers. however. It is the opinion of
lawyers that the court may take Judicial
! notice of the grounds for Rogers' refusal
j to answer and disbar him by an order
I from the bench. Since the first ordeal be
j fore tho Grand Jury Bogers has taken no
' pains to conceal the fact that he fears he
will be convicted of a felony should he
! answer. Conviction of a felony is good
| cause for the disbarment of any attorney
! so convicted, and it is generally believed
j the Supreme Court can and will take this
; view of it. In that event no motion wili
\ be n<*essary on the part of the Bar As
i soclatlon or any other organization or per
; son. The affidavit of Rogers setting forth
: his fears under oath is evidence enough
I that he has been gtiilty nf something
! serious enough to make his disbarment
i necessary for the health of the legal pro
j fesslon. And that affidavit is on file in
the Supreme Court.
COUNTRYMAN DRIVES
INTO THE ESTUARY
OAKT..AXT>, Aug. 7.— Edward Harmon,
a countryman from Contra Costa, drank
I too deeply !n celebrating his visit to town
! to-day and as a result is In the City
: Prison. charged with grand larceny.
; When walking had become difficult Har
¦ mon climbed into a buggy standing near
; Osgood's drugstore and started on a wild
i drive.
As soon as the alarm was given four
| policemen started in pursuit on bicycles.
i Harmon, however, was accomplishing his
own undoing. He drove off the road and
¦ Into the estuary near Eighth-street
I bridge, where he was arrested. The stolen
horse belongs to George K. Eew of Ala
meda.
IGNACIO MARTINETTI, THE DANCER, WHO COMES TO AT
TEND THE BOHEMIAN JINKS.
T7GXACIO MARTINETTI, the original
Zou-Zou In "Trilby," arrived recently
j| in this city from New York. lie comes
to attend the midsummer Jinks of the
Bohemian Club, which takes place fn the
redwoods near Guernevllle the latter part
of this week.
Martlr.ctti Is a popular member of the
club and is a universal favorite. His cre
ation of the erratic Frenchman in "Tril
by" in the first production of the play
made him one of the foremost farc«
comedians of America, and. In fact, of the
world. He is a native of this city, of
French parents, and has the quick wit
and the gallant manners of the true Pa
risian. His appearance at the Jinka will
no doubt go a long way toward making
the annual outing of tne members of the
Bohemian Club a {Treat success. Martl
nettl has been engaged and will appear
next week with the Frawley company at
the Grand Opera-house in the production
of "Trilby." in his old part of Zou-Zou.
For the past two years the popular
comedian hns bren steadily engaged In
Xev- York with May Irwin and has had
till his parts specially written for him.
He has a host of friends In this city who
will be glad tr> know he Is here for a
short trip, and he will no doubt be royally
entertained by them.
<jp? LAMEDA, Aug. 7.— As Max John- I
II u son was going down for the last '
lf~~" \, time in tha waters of San Leandro j
Bay he was saved hy P. F. Cav- j
anaugh, a contracting painter of this city, i
In achieving the rescue Cavanaugh came j
near sacrificing his own life. It was only j
after a hard struggle that he made the
shore with the half-drowned Johnson,
who weighs over 200 pounds.
Mrs. Cavanaugh deserves almost as
much credit for the rescue as her hus
band. From the kitchen window of her j
home near the foot of Post street she saw j
a man sailing a small boat off the bay I
shore. Whilo ?he was looking the boat !
capsized, throwing the man into the wa- j
ter. He managed to grab tho keel. With j
one hand he held on and with tho othci j
waved frantically to attract attention. |
Mrs. Cavanaugh sent her S-year-old son j
Harry to tell her husband, who was at j
work on a scaffolding, of the accident
Letting himself to the ground as soon
as ho could, Cavanaugh ran to a skiff
belonging to him that ¦was tied to the
shore. Hy the time the rope was untied
and he had sculled out to the struggling
man considerable time had elapsed. Tne
man lost his hold after becoming ex
hausted and went down. Cavanaush
thought he would reach him before he
• ?
P. F. CAVANAUGH, THE HEJIO OF A SENSATIONAL RESCUE.
went down the second time. But the wind
was blowing hard, making It difficult to
manage the skiff with one oar. The res
cuer saw that he must act quicklv if
he would save the man. Without taking
time to remove any of his clothing he
jumped overboard and swimming to him
caught hold of his shirt collar.
The strupKles of the water-logged man
threatened to carry his rescuer down to
a watery grave with him. He grasped
Cavanangh i arms bo tightly as to make
him almost powerless, to swim. The
strons wind had blown the skiff away,
leaving nothing for C.ivanaugh to do but
make for the shore. Fortunately for the
men the tide was on the ebb. which as
sisted materially. Upon finally reaching
land CavanauRh fell, exhausted, with his
burden.
Rescuer and rescued were revived by"
stimu!nnt3 furnished by resident* who
had been attracted to the seem* Ty tho
accident. The rescued man ffave his
name as Max Johnson. He said he lived
in Fruitvale and had set out for a pleas
ure sail. The boat hnd been capsized by a
sudden gust of wind. Not being a'swim
mer, he was unable to right his boat or
to pet ashore. The boat was recovered
some distance from the point where it
capsized.
"*or a few minutes my life wasn't
worth the flip of a co!n."said Cavanauerh
to-day. He still showed the effects of his
battle with waves and wind.
CREATOR OF ZOU-ZOU
GUEST OF BOHEMIANS
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 7.— The special
train bringing Mr. Bryan and Mr. Steven
son to this city, where they are to-morrow
to be officially notified of their respective
nominations by the Democratic party for
the Presidency and the Vice Presidency,
reached here at 7:20 p.m. to-day.
The run from Chicago was delayed
somewhat by the demonstrations of
crowds which gathered along tho route.
The train was in charge of the County
Democracy of Chicaco, and it was com
posed of twelve coaches, all of them filled
to the brim with Democratic workers.
Messrs. Bryan and Stevenson, their fam
ilies, their friends and supporters, occu
pied the rear coach of the train. Chair
man Jones, of the National Committee,
and his wife, were in attendance, as were
(Jovernor and Mrs. Thomas, Secretary
Walsh and Sergeant at Arms Martin of
the National Committee, and many of the
leading members of that organization.
Samuel Alschulcr, Democratic candidate
for Governor of Illinois; Mayor Harrison
of Chicago and Webster D*vvis, lato As
sistant Secretary of the Interior under the
present administration, were among the
distinguished guests.
The afternoon was devoted largely to
conferences between the leaders of the
party, who were brought together for the
tirst time since the Kansas City conven
tion. Senator Jones expressed himself as
especially pleased with the outlook in
New York. Mr. Davis participated freely
in the conversations and announced his
intention to speak during the campaign
in several States of the Union.
Mayor Harrison introduced Mr. Bryan,
who said :
I am a very cautious man, and -while I have
seen It stated in the papers that I was nomi
nated for the Presidency I know that you can
not always trust what you see in the papers
(laughter) and I am not going to take It for
granted that I have been nominated until I am
officially notified of it down at Indianapolis.
I don't want to make a speech as the Presi
dential candidate until I am sure I am nomi
nated. (Laughter nnd great applause.) Mr.
Stevenson, the nominee for the Vice Presi
dency, Is along, and Governor Thomas of Colo
rado, who Is to notify him of his nomination,
ig on the train, and I believe has privately in
formed him that he has been nominated. There
fore he has more reason for making a speech
than I have, and I take pleasure in presenting
to you your candidate for Vice President, who
Is, I hope and believe, to be the next Vice
President of the United Staotes, Hon. Adlal
E. Stevenson. (Applause.)
The circumstance that the train was an
hour behind schedule time In reaching
Indianapolis did not seem to dampen the
interest of the great crowd which waited.
It was with much difficulty that the party
reached their carriages. When Mr. Bry
an's well known tigure was recognized In
the marching column a great shout was
sent up and cheers followed him con
stantly until he arrived at the Grand Ho
tel. The streets were lined so thickly
with people that it was with difficulty that
progress could be made, and it was 8 p. m.
beforo the travelers sat down to dinner.
After dinner Mr. Bryan and Mr. Steven
son wore given a general reception at the
Grand Hotel. They shook hands with a
very large number of people and chatted
pleasantly for a few moments with many
of them. Mrs. Bryan and Mrs. Stevenson
were entertained by a committee of ladles.
CHANGES IN BRITISH
DIPLOMATIC SERVICE
LONDON, Aug. 7. — In consequence ot
the retirement of the Right Hen. Sir Hor
ace Rumbold from his pose as British'
Embassador at Vienna and the retire
ment of the Right Hon. Sir Henry Drum,
mond Wolf, the British Emtassador at
Madrid, the Hon. Sir Francis Richard
Plunkett, who has been British Minister
at Brussels since 1S93, has been appointed
Embassador at Vienna and Sir Henry
Mortimer Durand, British Minister anil
Consul General at Teheran. Persia, has
been appointed British Kmbassador at
Madrid. Edmund Constantino Phlpps, the
British Minister at Rio de Janeiro. la
transferred to Brussels, and Sir Henry
Neville Deering, British Minister to Mex
ico, has been transferred to Rio de
Janeiro.
NEW OCEANIC 'STEAMER
LAUNCHED BY THE CRAMPS
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 7.— The steam
ship Sonoma, built for the Oceanic Steam
ship Company, was launched at Cramps
ship yards at 10:33 a. m. to-day.
The Sonoma will engage In the trans
pacific trade between San Francisco and
Australia. With the exception of the St.
Louis and the St. Paul she Is the largest
merchantman ever built on the Delaware
River. The principal dimensions of the
vessel are: length between perpendicu
lars. 400 feet; beam, 50 feet: load draft 24
feet; displacement, 9700 tons. The con
tract speed is seventeen knots and the
ship Is to accommodate 400 passengers.
Enthusiastically Greeted by
a Large Crowd of
People.
BRYAN PARTY
HAS ARRIVED IN
INDIANAPOLIS
PRETORIA. Monday. Aug. 8.— It 13 stat
ed positively that President Kruger la
willing and anxious to surrender, provid
ing a satisfactory promise Is given aa to
his ultimate destination.
LONDON, Aug. 7.— Lord Roberts reports
to the War Office, under date of Pretoria,
August 6, as follows:
"Harrismith surrendered on August 4.
The neighboring country seems to be
quiet. Kitchener Is with the force south
of the Vaal River. He was Joined yester
day by a strong detachment of Brabant's
Horse and the Canadian Regiment.
"The Boera attacked the garrison at
Klands River on the morning of August
4. Information was sent to Carrington,
who was on the way to Elands River. Ian
Hamilton, who reached liustenbursr yes
terday, reported hearing heavy firing in
the direction of Elands River. To-day the
firing seems more distant, which looks as
if the Elands River parrison ha.d been re
lieved and was retiring toward Zeeru3t."
PRETORIA. Ausr. 7.— Addlttonal detalla
regarding the attack on the train bearing
Mr. Stowe show that twenty-seven bullets
traversed his compartment. Louis Sharp,
an American accompanying Mr. Stowe.
was shot through the foot.
Theron. the Boers' commandant, whom
Mr. Stowe hastily sought, expressed sor
row for the act, maintaining that it was
due to a mistake. The Uoers put Mr.
Stowe's carriage hack on the line.
KROOXSTAD. Auk. 7. — Commandant
Theron. who commander! th«» Ttoor flying
patrol that derailed and burned last week
near Hontesprult the train carrying
United ' States Consul Stowe and flyln?
the stars and stripes, has suffered a los*
of threo killed and ton severely wounded
in a rear puard action near Kroonstact
vlth the Malta mounted Infantry. The
British sustained no losses.
President Steyn of the Orange Free
State Is seriously 111.
LONDON. Auf?. 7— The- Secretary of
State for the Colonies, Mr. Ohnmherlaln.
In reply to a question. In th»> House of
Common* to-day, said he had already
rnadf himself acquainted with th<» view*
of Canada ftnrl Australia in regard to the
main points of the South African settle
ment. He admitted that they were In ac
cord with her Majesty as to the necessity
for the annexation of the Oransre Free
State ami the Tranovaal to the empire
and to the- establishment of a govern
ment, snpportcrt by a military force, with
the ultimate extension of representative
self-povernment.
Roberts Reports That Har
rismith Has Capitulated
and All Is Quiet.
KRUGER IS SAID
TO BE ANXIOUS
TO SURRENDER
DULUTH, Minn.. Aug. 7.— Former Con-
Krtpp:na!i C. A. Towr.e. who was noml
i.a,tcd for Vice President by the Populist
convention held in Sioux Fails in May,
l,as sent the following letter to the com
ir.itioe on notification:
Gentlemen: When, on the Cth of July, at
Kaneae City. I had the honor to receive from
you the olficial nomination of your national
convention for the office of Vice President. I
requested, !n view of the anomalous and dell
. ate circumstances in the Presidential situation,
tl.^t you permit me to take the subject under
careful advisement before announcing a de-
ois;on. Th'.p request you were pleased to grant
ar.d now, after mature consideration of all
the factor* involved that concern the welfare
<¦:" tl-.e cause of political reform in this country
and my own duty thereto. I am constrained
to inform you in a!l respect that I mutt decline
the nomination tendered me by that conven
tion.
In arjiounrlr.c thin conclusion I cannot for
l*ar tc ?xrr»?» to you and through you to the
irreat convention » h^s* >«immlfslon you hold,
as wen as to that patriotic body of advanced
political thought that your convention repre
sented, my deep eerse of the honor conferred
ujx>n me. to be the unanimous choice of that
<¦< invention for the second rl»ce in the service
t*f the nation. Two clrnimstuno*^, however,
r<\& emrhaMs to this rnnsMeration In the pres
<r.t Issue: First, the nomination wax unsolicit
ed by me. and. second, the convention, as In
the case also of Its nominee for the President,
went out cf Its own political orcanizatlon to
select a candidate. To my mind, this action
of the Slous Falls convention In n"mlnftting
for President a representative of the IVmo
cratlc rarty and for Vice President a repre
sentative of the Silver Rej>ub!ican party ie
one of the most encouraging and in^plrin*
Fr"ectacle» in re<-*>nt politics. Its unselfishness
end magnanimity. It* testimony to the prece
dence cf the cause or the people over any
merely partisan advantage, raised the pro
cedure cf that convention Into the serene upper
air of true rivl<- h»r<i'.sm. Krrwn such a Fptrlt
as th'.F. what sen-Ice, what sacrifice can be
crkei in the r.arr.e of the republic. It was of
course the expectation ct your convention that
its nomination for the Vice Presidency would
jrm-e acceptable to the conventions of the
rwmocratic and Filver Republican parties called
-to mwt !n Kansas City on the Fourth of July-
The Silver Hr-publlcana, 1T,3O delegates, rep
rfsentltiir twenty-eight States and Territories,
were indeed ea*:er to name the ticket chosen
tt Pioux Kails, but to the great I^mocrat'c i
Convention another commended tteelf. The J
i:-. me at yeur nominee was prf s;ut»d to that j
convention and v as received with remarkable ,
riemor.stratJons of approval by the enormous
rumber of citizens and with the greatest
respect by the dtJf-irates. But geographical
cfmflderaticr.s an 1 the fact that in certain
parta of the country it was deemed wise m
defer to a f^ntiment that the candidate should •
|M a man already identified with th* I'emo
cratic onran'.zatton, not only by holding its
principles and advocating its cause, hut also
fiy name ar.d profession, determined the selec
tion of Adlal n. Stevenson of Illinois, a man
of unimpeachable character and of ripe politi
cal experience, who as a member of Congress
more than twenty years ago was a c\n$t> as
t.start and oo-iaborer of General J. B. Weav-r
end other frr~at leaders in the reform political
movement* at that day and who as a Vic*
prestdest fr> m ;sr<3 to l?:-7 distinguished hlm
t*if by r*b«'ilin(? against the betrayal cf Den>
ocruti^ principles by President Cleveland.
In conclusii-r.. I may be permitted to express
the prottmaA satipfaotlon which I feel con
temjlating the present attitude of the Demo
crat)" j arty. In 1S^6 I was one of those who,
keenly iWlir.s the recreancy nf the Republican
j arty, were much In doubt whether the memor
able ! n-mocratic convention in Chicago In
adopting "t ?r''*ndid platform and nominating
N\'lliifttT! J. Hryan for the Presidency was ac
tuated bar an Impulse or by a purpoae. The
majrnlflcent achievements at Kansas City have
f 4 '.;- 1 :;!1 rcr^ib!* doubt on that subject. The
r!atfrri not only r»-ennct« the prlncl
pi*"* of !',:•*. but in words whrw force. -JlisrTilty
¦ r • •-...'.}¦ have never been equaled in a sim
ll«r document, resprnds to the new !i-s=u?« pre
i Dted la the growth r -t the trust monopoly and
the imperialistic policy of the administration
t v an appropriate enunciation of those sublime
rf>c?rtnep rj human Hghts and liberties whose
;>ri>s«!on?nd observance have f-een the pecu
!isr e'.ory <-f mj r country and are the sure basis
<• the -iitiTrate hmpiuen of tnjL2ddo4i And
«caln the duty of carrying the banner of the
•^a-joo hfcs t-e«-n conimitted to that tried and
t?~usted hfind. wIiopc grapp has never wealcejiej,
no fear -an rnake to falter and no bur
ilen can dismay. Th» leadership of Bryan.
which could have redeemed a bad platform.
ran"tifies a pood one. It made memorable an
un?'J"fvf«ful contest: It will crown a victory
vi'h Imperishable Frilendor.
every sentiment of respect and grati
tu.>. I remain, most sincerely yours.
OIARLKS A. TOWNE
It !p believed the Populist Comrr.ltt«»«
rms povrer to fill the vacancy caused by
>*r. Towr/s vrithdrfiwal. and -will imme
diately indorse Adlai K. Stevenson for
Vice President on the ticket with W. J.
Bryan.
Tells Why He Will Not Ac
cept the Nomination for
Vice President
TOWNE SENDS
FORMAL LETTER
OF DECLINATION
RISKED HIS LIFE TO
SAVE A DROWNING MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1900.
9
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THI^
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON* THE «ST
day of December. A. D. 1S93. and for tb«
year »ndln«r on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of th# State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions -if sections C10
and fill of the Polltiral Code, condensed as r*r
t!ack furnished by the Commlssliner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $627.34*23
Cajh in company's office 3,38» io
Cash In banks 60.362 21
Interest du« and accrued on all stocks
and loans 7 2i3 S3
Certificate of deposit in hands of
trustees S7.000 00
Premiums In due course of collection. 93.0C2 03
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 52S «
Total assets ; .$<!?*. !>2S C»
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33 413 72
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense 44.71« 01
losses n^lsted. including expenses 3 $M $j
Gross premiums on flre rlika running
one year or less. $423.21$ J2; , retn-
surance ."ft per cent 212 607 M
Gross premiums on flre rlfks running
more than rm> year. %T^i,li\ 66; rein-
surance pro rata 149.131 U
Commissions and brokeraee due and
to become due 22.SS3 u
Total liabilities .Jifie.Stt *>
IN'COMK. ==
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums .; $K?.U0 83
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 24 4.1 « 4.1
Received from horn* office \ j«|o!t7 M>
Total Income .$Sfi7 «C2 97
¦
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount pild for fire losses fin-
rludtng t:6.933 M, losses of previous
T*ars> S409.773 79
Paid or alloxved for commission cr '
brokerage 132.7M <\%
Paid for salaries, fees nnrt ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc 23.91103
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ii.5n (52
All other payments and expenditures. Jl.Ka 13
Total expenditures JCT7.S34 r.i>
Losses incurred during the year. fire.. $133, <31 Si
Risks and Premium*. Fir* Ri.sfcs.lPremlums.
Net amount of risks 1
written during the year $72,273,137 $791.23 43
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year Cl.7C9.Sy W..W.I 71
Net amount In force De-
cember SI. 1839 W.W3.133 CTT..g48 M
ADOI.PH LORD. U. S. Manaser.
Subscribed and sworn to before m« this Hth
day or February, 1900.
JIARK A. FOOTE. Notary Pnb'JO.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD,
Manager.
H. 1DJL NKER.
Assistant Manager.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
2/3 SA NSOME STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BKA2TCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE—
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON', ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1S33, and for th»
year endlnp on that day. a» made to the In-
surance Commissioner of th<" State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of S«»ctloi»
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J2.SIS.jno CO
Cash In Company s Office 310 23
Cash In Banks 43,741 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23.105 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages, cash In hands of
United States Trustees 373.877 39
Premiums In due Cours3 of Collec-
tion • 157,183 73
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks „ ISO 04
Due from other Companies" for^ re-
insurance on losses already paid.. (,667 70
Total Assets J2.H3S.813 38
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
losses adjusted and unpaid $75,726 00
losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 1S5.249 14
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. J1.0I0 Ou
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, f 1.517,5.",; 96:
reinsurance 50 per cent 738, 776 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ron-
ninp more than one year, $1,262,-
74124: reinsurance pro rata "4.3S1 3S
Due and accrued • for salaries, rent,
etc 13,440 K
All other demands against the Com-
pany. iOO.SSO 6S
Total Liabilities $2. «£."•. :77 07
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2. 173. 4S* 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other asurcea 95.M9 Si
Received from all other sources SOi 73
Total Income $2.269.S32 *4
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $194. 002 CO. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,431.634 71
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage J7S.33S 34
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 123.531 61
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 69.520 94
All other payments and expenditures 401.52a *•
, Total Expenditures $I.S54.607 1«
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during: the year... 11. 546. 73i SV
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Ftisks|
written during thei . •
year I $3SO.134.334 $3,112.023 55
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 36S.166.167 '.963.049 33
Net amount in force
December 31. 1599... •91. 792.237 2.7S0.234 20
A. D. IRVINO.
United State3 Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 1st
day ot February. 190O.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFOBNXA STREET,
; SAN FRANCISCO.
'LIMA. Peru. Aujr. ".—Consrress has declared
lull amnesty for all political offenders.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Russians are
unable to read or write .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1900.
10
3IOKEY TO LOAN.
CASH loanecTto'salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. Wi Examiner building.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no com-
mlssion: private. LICK. US McAllister st.
TO falaried men without collateral or indorser.
. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WANTED.
LOAN of mO wanted for five years at 8 per
cent: good real estate security. AW 1 ?™., 1 !-
D.. 2C61 Pacinc ave.. Alameda: If personally,
between 6 and S p. m.
3ILS1CAL INSTKHifc.vrs.
THE finest tuning and repairing done at MAU-
VAIS.' 7g> Market St.
A NEW lot of "Daby" Deckers Just received;
they are beauties and so reasonable In price.
MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Market st.
PIANOS rented and rent allowed on purchase
if desired; prices low for a good article.
MAUVAIS'. 7£3 Market 9t^
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging fnr
a STEINWAY any time within thre» years
and full purchase price allowed: the best
makers of every grade to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights |<> cash, $« per month; scrr.a
go^d pianos for $3. $1 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter st*..
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth St., Oakland. ;
AS usual we offer some fine bargains.
One Steck Upright, walnut case; Ilk* 19*.
One Weber Upright: walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright; in fine order.
One Sterling Upright; mahegany cass.
One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtaz Upright; oak case; excellent
Prices from $13." up; $5 per month,
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1C OTarrell St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE" S,
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gradt-9
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. |
BARGAINS— A beautiful 3-pedal upright, mas-
nlflcent tons and case. use>l a few months.
$150; Fisher upright. $90: a Ste!nw«y upright,
userl a few years. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to ?33 Market, bet. 5th and Sth, next
Hale Kros.. & will continue reduction sale f'jr
2 weeks: open ev'nsa: call and get low prices.
VIOLIN strlncs; never wet; be?t In the worl.l:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Andersen. 41. Geary, st.
A FEW more pianos pVit on sale fcr storrjire:
at your own price: also Spencer's retired
stock. "Wilson's Storage. 1T10 Market sL
J150— ELEGANT large 3-pedal upright, or rent
for $2 50 month. 342 Kearny st.
FINE uprlcht piano, valued $250. for $100. Call
I3C9 Stockton St., befcrv August 14.
SPECIAL sale— Upritrhts $75 up; Installments $3
up; rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 E11J3 st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman, Conover and other jsianoa.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Oabler. Hamil-
ton planoa. 308 Post St., opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN — Go<vi piano cheap: installment $S
per month. SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st.
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos: $3 payments;
for rent. ?2 up. P.RUENN. V-* Post st.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
GOOD piano teacher like few more pupils; 23o
a lesson. £S0 O'Farrell st.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
OFFICE to rent; # 3 fine, light front rooms rn
Market St., opposite Palace Hotel; rent J'j)
per month. Address DR. PIERCE & SON.
620 Market st.
LARGE room, unfurnished, facing Market st. ;
suitable for doctor. Metropole Hotel. 6 Turk.
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rcoms in Y. M.
C. A. bldg. : all modern Imps. ; rent very lo-w.
HAVE part of furnished offlee to rent. Ap^Iy
531 Parrott bldg.
TO rent— Modern *»ore: well lighted: 23x110;
rent reasonable. S2S Hayes st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neertraani. Pres. St. Germain Collet- of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. 616 Oearv. nr. J.ines.
PERSONALS.
THE undersigned will not be responsible for
any debts contracted by the Imperial Tea Co.
329 Hayes st.. after July 1. 10vO.
(Signed.) FREDERICK RUHLAND.
PILES— 200 permanent cures In San Franc!sca
who can be seen; no operation; no p.iln; par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 13C0. Call.
AMATEUR photographers— Save SO per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Stulio,
SCO Market st. cor Stockton: kodaks, 34x3V>,
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons given. 60c each.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKE BRO3.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
' teed; prices defy competition; fine upholstery
phone 5309; factory, 31S and 820 Eleventh st •
1 first-class cleaning and dylnj. 40) Sutter »t.'.
San Francisco.
LEDERER. the popular hall-dresses; any style
hairdressing for 23c: no extra charge fc-r
fancy or elaborate coiffures. 123 Sf.«ckton st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo Is the best In tha
market: cleanses, beautifies the hair; 5c rkg.
INSTITUTE of Science; suggestive therapeu-
tics: magnetic healing: peraonal magnetism;
hypnotism. PROFESSOR FISHER, In-
structor. 517 Mason st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. P. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic; an ex-
tract quinine: pure, simple, harmless: 35c bot.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 so to $3 per week;
free "bus and bajrsragre to and from th« ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments: $13 upward*
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t..
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA, 24 Kearny. 47 Post, offlee 10-11; It
sick. Buffering from any cause, seo this won-
derfully gifted healer; she will euro you.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterlner done at your house.
by day or Job. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush st
HAIR quickly carted or waved by using Tal-
cott's curllnjf fluid: 25c bottle; drusrsrists.
DR. E. C. MERVY has taken new offices at
1505 Stockton st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom. teL Kotsom 1151.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curies, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
SUITS to order on ea*y payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner bulldlnjr. room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores jrray
hair to lt» natural color. $1: at all druggtsta.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAX'S. '.06 Keamy ft.
rilYSlCIAXS AM) Sl'IlbKO.tS.
DR. CRANSTON, the great T specialist, has r«.
sumed practice' at 12C8 Market St.. corner
Taylor; offices 25 and 20; take elevator.
I>R. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021U Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A 2-STORY house of 4 or 5 rooms and bath in
each flat, or nice cottage. Apply at south-
east corner of Crccker and Colton sts.
KKAL SSTATK Cl'i" V fc'Oll S.itB.
PACIFIC Heights— 2 choice and sitely building
lots on elevated ground. 25:9x137:3 each, oa
Vallejo St.. near Baker, commanding an en-
chanting marine view which never can be ob-
structed of the bay, the Islands in the bay
Fort Point and Berkeley, aa well aa th*
counties of Marln. Contra Costa and Ala-
meda: Vallejo st. la grad»d. macadamized
and sewered; price only $1250 each: C5M) for
both; 1 can arrange for easy Installment pay-
ments: remember that all lots like thes- will
yet sell for fabulous prices; only two short
blocks south from the Union-st. cara. W j
GUNN. S30 CaJlfcrnla «t.
TENTH ave.. near Clement— 2 choice lots, *ix
I?/) each. In the best part of Richmond- ail
street work done; only $1300 for both: electric
care pass within a few steps; these lots ar*
exce-din»Iy cheap; most of the adjoining lota
sold at $lf>fO each; easy payments can be ar-
ranged. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
H*W»JJW real estate north of the Parkfor~ut
gr^TSu^. Iff clfiMl'S. 1 - then cau
$7T5O-THREE new modern flats, with marbl«
steps, frescoed ceilings, etc.. in the best rent-
Ins: section of the city: one block from Hal«ht
llin ' ° n aller «- near Pierce; rents
$260 per year: easy terms.
; NEW handsome park residence; only 1 left of
iiiM°K *;.* rootra . 1s W »H built, up-to-date:
IfJlrh?. "Si d tK lleaO i : 5?" Clav ton St.. south ot
Halrnt. Sixth and Taylor sta. and Masonic
ave. cart pass the door. J. STIE11LEN
owner, on premises.
MODERN houses built lowest prices: plans and
cstlmatea furnished. Campbell. 1147 M lasion.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath; lot 50x100; IHs-
¦un. easy terms or vacant lot. 413 Kearay »t-
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers: money loaned. SCHWEINIIARD & CO..
P17 Market f.t., opp- Mason; phone Mint 1911.
TO *ell your lodging house or furniture and
secure fat Is. 'act Ion write or call SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., 917 Market sti, opp. Mason:
tel. Mint 1311.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
IT rooms: r»>r.t $-0; a snap $350
?<< rooms: i-nnt $r,4; central s °0
40 rooms: rent $S- r .; investigate this 12T/O
SO raoms; corner; offices; only 32t*
WELL-FURNISHED house of CO rooms close to
the theaters; all sunny rooms; lease; electric
elevator: clearing Jir.O to JIOO mo.; for cash or
will ta.ke smaller house In part payment.
Box 327S. Call office^
FOR sale— Rooming house; 17 neatly furnished;
cause, sickness. Address box 3246. Call office.
WEL.L-PAY1NO r«om!n«r-hou«e of 10 rooms:
furniture: reasonable. lSO'-J Nsnth: call 1 p. m.
lodging-houses to let.
HOWARD. SCO— Lodging-house of 22 rocm*.
CAMPAIGN 1-HOTO BUTTONS.
MFT. of oil kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. SS3 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to" SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3. r .3-3i>7 Tehqrr.a, St.; tel. South 40
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Et. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mer.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
teL. Main 394. GF.O. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 303 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone En?t 126.
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
ALL klnCs of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also llfiht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 522 Mission.
NEW A- 23-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
Tie^s. work & delving horses. 15th & Valencia.
Si. lltlTUALISSI.
THE ORATORY— Odd Fellows' Hall next Sun-
day night; Mrs R. S. Li!lie. lecture; Mrs. J.
J. Whitney, te«ts: Mr. J. T. Llllle. music; 10c.
SPIRITI'AL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 818 Mls-
F!«n: rendings dally: 2Se. W>c and $1; circle
Tup!., Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
MUP. ETIQUE. 12->4 Flllmore— Circle this eve.,
IQc; reading dally. 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, clt. daily; convinc'g tests to-nicht 10c.
E. J. HATCH: circle* Sun., Tues.. Thur*.. 7:30
p rn.. Frl. 2:30; sit. daily. 13S2 Market, rm. 28.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night. 8 o'clock: con-
vincing test. MRS MAXWELL, 123S Howard.
MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth st., circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. a; 15c; sittings daily; G. 11; L. 50c.
MRP. LESTER, circle S p. m.: 10c; sittings
dally. Mr. 127 Turk st. |
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant Sc card
reader, born with double veil & second sight.
dlngr.oses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
pents U: palm & clalr. Bit. $1 50. 12t Turk st.
MISS MELVILLE, preat clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. S21H MIsslon.op.Mlnt.
WATSON, famous medium and palmist: lucky
and true; 25c and Me. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card-reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; "3c. 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy.ls the great palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st. : no sign.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES. S
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 827 Market 8L
COTTAGES TO LET.
' 3 ROOMS; $S: 237 Sunr.yslde ave., or will sell
$.'/j cash. S10 per month. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. C46 Market St.
COTTAGE of 6 sunny rooms, basement. $11. j
127H Morris ave.. off Bryant, near Sixth.
MODERN cottage: 6 rooms and bath. 311 Stein-
er St.. near Halsht. !
SUNNY cottage, 212^i Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
TO LET — Cottage of 6 rooms, bath; 1306 Lar-
kln st. Apply 131S Larkin St.
$1*— COTTAGE: 7 rooms, bath; (runny yard;
large basement. Key 711 Treat ave.
DENTISTS.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S(^ Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; tee'h
without plates our specialty; gold crown?,
$3 £0 up: plates, extractions free. $1 &0 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to. 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crtwn and brldgework; all
work warranted; plates, full «et. $5; fillings,
50c: crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sth.
EIGHT prires for best crowns, plates, bridge*
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge fcr extracting when plates aro
made: old plates made over like new; teeih
from $S per set; extracting. EOc: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush--
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1<X>1 Market 6t.. corner Sixth. i
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
I'n'.ted Ftates or Canada one year for $1.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dotr Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 7i.c; city visits $1 50; .'.II
animals treated; degs boarded. Tel. West 63*.
DR. CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRKj»»1£9
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School: patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and .Mil-
linery v^chool; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary Et.. dresses
made, $3 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. 130 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
EDUCATIONAL.
—¦ f..^.^..— ~-—. . m — ~— "-'¦ -¦
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Ju«t ad'ied, new business practice offices and
20 new tyDewriters.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
¦BChool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art — Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Actlwr,
210-312 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room £>3, Thurlow block. 128 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
moe. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course, this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123fi Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.mlnlng, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maier, teachej-
of zither. £26 Turk St.. bet. Larkln and Polk.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln—
All branches: thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipsic; lessons 7<*>c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 MUslon. nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; 80-page catalogue free. -
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE acd Chinese Employment Office;
b*8t help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. ¦lll',4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook deslrea situation;
also competent Swedish housework girl, a
neat second girl and a number of housework
plrls await situations at MISS CULLEN" S
Employment Bureau, 325 Sutter st.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes a situa-
tion in American family: good cook and
laundress: city reference. Call or address
Cook. 1325 Minna st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; willing and obliging and kind to chil-
dren; city or country; reference. 522 Ivy ave..
near Laguna.
ELDERLY German widow would like situation
In country: plain housework or housekeeper.
Address F. W.. Call Branch. Potrero. Ken-
tucky and Twenty-second sts.
WOMAN wants position as nurse in confine-
ment; can give doctor's reference. 714 La-
puna St.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; plain wash-
ing or housecleanlng. Call 07 address E. V.,
746 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework in a. private family. Please call
at 2051 Pine st.
BERKELEY or city; a refined lady would like
a position as housekeeper in a small family.
Address A. B.. 3787 Sacramento st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman to
do general housework; city or country. 364
Linden ave.. bet. Gough and Octavia sts.
YOUNG lady wishes to learn dressmaking;
paid while learning. Address box 3247. Call.
GIRL wishes a position to do general house-
work in plain family. Box 1601, Call office.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or house-cleaning. Call at 611 Turk St.
AMERICAN woman would like situation as
working housekeeper; small wages, but light
work; good references. MRS. LOU LESTER,
San Ramon. Contra Costa County.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night: $1 50 to S3
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A YOUNG girl wishes chamberwork and sew-
ing; city or country; good references. Box
3213. Call office.
RELIABLE colored girl wishes general house-
work or cookinc by the day or week. Ad-
dress E.. G.. 1416 Powell st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes any kind of
work few hours dally or by the week. Apply
S12 Powell St.. nr. California; basement.
AN American girl wishes position to take care
of child. Call between 10 and 1 o'clock 71*
Valencia st.
DRESSMAKER from city of Paris will go out
by the day; $2 up. 1514 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED MALE.
NOTICE to fruit farmers, fruit pickers and
1 ethers — O-chsrd and vineyard help furnished
! promptly by J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. S2J
I Sacramento st.
SITUATION wanted by coachman and wife.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
EXPERIENCED man would like to buy green
-or dried fruit for some responsible firm; un-
derstands bleaching and drying, packing and
shipping, etc.; can give references and bond
if required. 313 Fourth St., room 37.
SITUATION wanted— Strong Swedish man
wants any kind of work; understands care of
fine horses; steady and sober. Address box
3264, Call.
SITUATION wanted by married man: under-
stands warehouse cold storage ice work;
good at carpenter and pipe-filing work; any
worJs accepted. Address box 3259. Call office.
STRONG boy from country IS years old. handy
with tools, wants to learn blacksmith trade.
Apply 907 Kearny st.
A MAN of family would like to take charge of
a general farm or on shares, liox 3275, Call.
STEADY reliable man wishes place as coach-
man and gardener: city or country; reference.
E. F., box 3236. Call office.
! .NURSE, 'graduate of an Eastern training
j school and experienced masseur, wishes a
j position. Address A. M., 317' Stockton st.
HOUSE painter wants work; city or country;
I reliable man: wages reasonable. Address
j Painter. G13 Mission st.
RELIABLE man; understands care of horses;
can milk; good driver; willing and obliging;
city or country; well recommended. Box 3244,
Cail office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants steady work; city
restaurant or hotel; good reference. Box 3242,
Call office.
BARTENDER or waiter wishes I a lunch Job
from 11 to 2. Box 3233. Call office.
SINGLE workincman wishes steady place In
country or city; carpenter by trade. Address
box 2S86. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubEcriptlons ha3 been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia et.
EXI'ERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manas«e. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
100 houses, flats, etc.
418 Herman; h. 8 r.$27 50153 Tremont av; c. 6 r.$20
220 Hyde: h. 8 r... 40 00 1SS0 Ellis: f. 6 r 18
E69 Geary; f. 6 r.. 30 00J132SB Hayes; f. 6 r.. 20
2019 Pine; f. 6 r... 25 001 34C Waller; f. 6 r.... 20
ELEGANT, new, furnished upper flat, 5 rooms
and l.Mth; 21 Oak st. : rent reasonable. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.
FLAT 5 sunny rooms, $13. 127$i Morris ave., oft
Bryant, near Sixth.
GEARY. 1131. bet. Van Ness and Franklin—
Modern lower flat. 7 rms., basement; rent $30.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat, 6 rooms and bath; water free; 1
block from park; rent $15. 411 Lyon st
LOWER flat, 3 cozy rooms and yard; 26 Reed
St.; rent $10. Key 1325 Washington, nr. Jones.
PIERCE, 2002, corner Filbprt— Elegant upper
fiat, 6 rooms and bath; marine view; $24.
SECOND, 523—2 nice sunny rear flats, 3 and 4
rooms; rent $S and $10; bath, yard.
TWO sunny flats. 4 and t> rooms, $S.and $9.
254 and 256 Jeesle st.
$15 — A NEW 5-robm sunny flat: frescoed; water
free: 3748 Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 17C6 Market st.
$18— UPPER flat. 5 rooms, bath, gas", mantel,
tubs: yard. 22fil Geary, st. / -
flat:; to> let — furnished.
GROVE, 818. near Flllmore— Furnished flat of
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and side
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON & BURKE.
I 1 j — .
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished flat 7 or 8 rooms and
bath; two adults. Box 3258. Call office. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 B0. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. ~ ~
$5000 wcrth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red S353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK and second, . same house, 2 In family,
$25 and $20; 3 cooks, $25 and $30; 4 second
girls, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ¦
COLORED cook for Alameda, $30; house girl
for Arizona, $25; young girl to assist, $17;
nuree girl. $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED — Apprentices on cup torn coats; good
wages; steady work. - 615 Natoma st. -
GIRL to do housework and plain cooking. HO
Steiner st. - '
¦WANTED— German . or Scandinavian girl . for
general housework. 2848 Twenty-second st.
EXPERIENCED feeder for ruling. MYSELL,
ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay «t. .
Al OPERATORS wanted on cloaks. Apply M.
SIMONOFF. 1228 Market St. , .
COMPETENT girl for general housework; very
small washing. 2217 Octavla st., cor. Jackson.
''¦¦¦¦¦ - * . .. :
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
FOR SALE— A span of young carriage or coach
horses; extra well matched bays; 16 hands
high; weight 1200 lbs each; good roadsters and
perfectly sound: price $300. Address O. M.
BROWN. Penverton. Solano Co.. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN is DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL, Vet. Dentist. CC5 Golden Gate ave.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard St.
y
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED ll«t; houses to let: send for cir-
culer. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FUUXISHfcD.
A FURNISHED flat; 3 rooms and bath. 1717
Webster St.. near Sutter: rent $1S.
LOST AXD FOU.ND.
LOST — August 7. on steamer Corona, small bag
containing Jewels and money. Reward will
be paid by returning same to DR. KEENEY.
794 Sutter at.
LOST— White cow with calf: liberal reward. A.
SIMON. Nineteenth ave.. Bay View.
LOST— July 21. a military badge pin. shape
of a shield; letter B above and 69 below.
Finder will be rewarded by returning to
JNO. HENRY BANEY. Hlbernla Bank.
LOST— Gold watch guard with locket attached:
Masonic emblem on front and Initials A. V.
L. on back of locket. Return to 114 Market
st. and receive reward.
¦
; LOST — Sheep-bound pocket dally account book
Saturday night on Market st. Reward and
1 stamps If returned to DR. R. B. GRUBBS,
; Golden West Hotel.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the-
name of FREDERICK MACK, No. 234-872.
The finder will please return to bank.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3T'l22S Market St.— Rell-
able ladles' and gento' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of rases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the s~me
<?ay: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by cl-
rectlons; perfectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
WONDERFUL, but true — Our marvelous mag-
netic foot batteries; cures rheumatism.
cramps, keeps the feet warm; removes acjies
and palm or tired feeling; produces sound
sleep; keeps the blood in circulation; prevents
swelling of the limts: dlseare overcome with
these. Shields Agency, at 114 Turk St.. 1st fir.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $3, positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention: consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou.
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 ye«rs' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007H Market Bt., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician; call on physi-
cian with man's knowledge: treatment can
only be had at office. 318 Kearny st.
MR3. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10. to 8.
DR. NG TOY KEK, late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: sant-
tarlum 704 Sacramento.cor.Keamy-.advlce free.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladies' specialist.
Office 1113 Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Maaon st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlee furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in, 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A FEW seconil-hand National cash registers:
cheap; easy terms. PIERCE & CO., room
31? Emporium building.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pups, also
1 tinr black and tan, small: 20 pedigreed heavy-
weight does, $2 50 apiece. 143 Tebama, oft 3d.
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop- \
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
2D-HAND photographic nnd magic lantern out- ;
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery.
GROCERYMEN. attention— Large fixtures for
sale cheap at 953 Howard st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 21C California st.
8-LB steel T rail for sale cheap. BURNSTINE
BROS., 53S Brannan st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and 1
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
3COC FT. ?a-hand pipe. H-lnch. black & straight
U4c per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver st.
2ND-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale sL
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price
$73; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beat9.
BFCOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
• MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE rlSR-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
SAFES— New nnd second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE.JC9-U1 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
j BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. 22 Seventh
; st., opposite new Postoffice.
I SEALSKINS ar- what we pay big Drices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 23 Stockton st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 137 Third; tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LOA.*..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort^
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
hate; morls-astes ami legacies bought- no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first.
I second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Rocm 16, first fioor
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at low-
est ratfs. Baldwin Jewelry Store 848 Market
St.; tel. Main lt-44. Eranch 10 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no remo\/il; any amount -
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery!
ON furniture ami pianos without removal- quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and C9. Ponohoe building, 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable! place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FURNITURD
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room U.
AT 12G Kearcy st., 100m 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
$:00.C0O at 6 per cent In sums to suit In city- also
$130,000 on larsre ranches; &\t,o c.n second mort-
gagea. R. J. MERCER & 412 Pine gt.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI, 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy. "
MONEY to loan on furniture, ptanoa. Bxtawa-
low rutea; confid. llm. 60S. Winchester Hotel!
ANY amount on furniture ami pianos: a per
cent; no removal ; no com. Room Si, 6 Ed Jy.
II. MURPHY. 630 Mnrket st.. aolves all kimiTof
financial problems; 2<\ mortROKPii, estate*, etc.
TO salaried people without security: nil busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 821 Parrott bl*.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month- no
commission. Mm Wilson, rm. 101. ( [Eddy it.
ANY sum. Ut or 2/1 mortgages, estates In pro^
bato. chattels. «tc. It. 6C3. Examiner bulMln*.
HELP WANTED-UALB.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main ES4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents....
Want at 7 a. m. to-day
" • • We ship free
7463 men for all parts of California, Utah.
Washington, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Ne-
vada. British Columbia and. Hawaiian Islands
Free fare and office fee only $1
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) district
I^os Angeles district Truckee district
• Santa Barbara district Shasta district
Salt Lake City dlstrict.Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district Newman district
Dunsmuir district Bakersfleld district
Soda Springs district Madera district
San Luis district Surf district
Special to Shasta County district
Redding Delta Dunsmulr
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free free
............. .Come one, come all. ...............
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, spikers, Bection hands, tunnel-
, men, steel gangs, etc.; wages $3, $2 50. $2 23,
$2. $1 90 a day and Free shipment
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men daily to
eo to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come see
Free Free
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE
Mines Gold, Silver and Other Mines
163 miners, some single hand, some double,
some machine and Burlelgh drillers, for 37
different mines $30. $75, $60 and found
363 men to work about the mines as laborers;
anybody will suit; no experience required; $60.
U0, $4S, $40 per month and found; come see;
llreman, 16 muckerB, $60; 12 men to learn min-
ing. Crowds going.. MURRAY & READY.
Big wages paid 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
SS carpenters, different Jobs. 43 and $2 50 day
I'lumber and tinner, manufacturing company:
20 laborers to help carpenters $40 and tound
22 men or strong boys to handle hammer and
hatchet, 2 years* Job, come see $30 to $40 fd
3 coopers, ranch carpenter and millwright; 27
blacksmiths, also some helpers, $3, $2 50, $2
day and $173, $2 day
6 boys or men to work in a city factory; gen-
eral utility man...
2 farmers and wives
6 men for warehouse work, free fare $75
FRUIT PICKERS, also HORSE BREAKERS
" 25 men or boys to pick fruit $30 and found
3 coachmen. $30 and found; 3 gardeners.$30;
6 men to break stock on ranch.. $32 50 and fd
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
236 laborers for 23 different sawmills, $26 to $10
and found, anybody will BUit; 95 woodsmen;
mill men; also all kinds of planing mill help,
$?5, $»0. $63, $70. $60. $40. $50, $30 and found
3t>4 woodchoppers. tlemakers, etc. $3, *2 50, $2.
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands $33, $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and buttermakers....$30, $25 found
24 stablemen, etc. ...$25. $C0, $60, $40. $30 found
16 haybalers, $3 day; also harvest crews
IN SAN FRANCISCO; all parts of California
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 50. $2, $1 75 day.
come board yourselves home; boys'for stores,
factories, etc; city Jobs; cabinet makers,
woodworkers, carriage makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE....
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY,
BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT
• 4S cooks; come see $70, $60. $50, $40, $30 fd
39 waiters $33. $30, $25 found
19 dishwashers $30, $26, $25. $20. $15 fd
porters, boll and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage-makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35. $40, $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants. 2d, 3d hands; also
boys, $50. $60, $40, $30, $23 and found
14 laundrymen. $33, $30 and found! come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ALL round laundryman for Institution, $40 and
found; coachman, $30 and found, very nice
place; 2 men and wives, $40 and $30; chore- 1
man, $25; mechanics and millmen; stableman,
$35 and fout.d; 5 carpenters. $3 day; butter
maker, $35; blacksmith; wheelwright; labor-
ers for lumber road, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento St.
THIRD cook, country hotel, $30; cook. Cen-
tral America, go to-day, fare paid; 2 restaur-
ant cooks. $15 and $17 50 week; baker, $S0 and
found; bakers' helpers. $23 and $30 and found;
cook for mill crew. $10; waiter, country ho-
tel. $30. and other hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTEP — Coachman for very nice family in
the country; $30. Arply to J. F. CROSETT
Agency, S16 Sutter tt.
TANNERS wanted— Five to work on beams
with turned edges freshlngs: ten to work hair
and work out. Apply at POETSCH & PET-
ERSON'S Tannery, 3112 Army st., San Fran-
Cisco^
FOREMAN pine yard: large nuantities lumber
handled: must understand business thorough-
t ly; good salary right man; state experience.
Address box 3260. Call. : .
EXPERIENCED boy wanted wh" understands
bookbinding. MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22
Clay st. I
WANTED— Night dishwasher; steady, sober
man only; $6 per week. Call at 10 a, m., 32
Sixth st. / .
WANTED — 20 men for light work; steady Job. 1
! 1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CARPENTER for ship going to England; com©
early to HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. :
EXPERIENCED boy to feed Job printing
presses. 16 Fremont st.
WANTED— Walter at 922 Battery st.
CHIEF cook and a waiter wanted at 112 Fourth
St.; call early.
WANTED— Florist and gardener; must be a
business man. SCO Halght st.
PRESSBOY wanted. 1206 Market st.
GOOD barber; Wednesday afternoon, Saturday
and Sunday; good wages. 1310% Castro st.
BARBER; Wednesday evening, Saturdv and
Sunday. S04 Folsom st.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
Eddy st.
WANTEP— A cook. 322 Main St.
GET^your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
$175 FOR good 15c barber shop In Mission
warm belt. Inquire 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— A young man to help in dining-
room; $15 a month. 2U Grant ave.
SHOEMAKER. 1539 Mission St.
WANTED— A man to assist on cakes. 123 Tay-
lor st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1534 Kentucky St..
Potrero.
WANTED— A good sober barber; steady place.
Apply at 40S Sixth St., Oakland.
FOR SALE — Cheap; 2-chalr barber shop. 10 and
20c; new furniture; owner going East. Box
3251. Call office.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the* ages
of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and net over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and sreak Ensllsh properly. For further in-
formation apply at th» Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal., S30 K St.,
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1C5S J Et., Fresno. Cal.
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment cither by the day or by contract at
the Tesla con! mines, Tesla. Alameda County,
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mlnps or to the company, at
328 Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company,
WANTED—
Laboring men. $1 S5 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men. $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS.
Keswlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
A BRIGHT boy can pay for an education at
Ayres' Business College by working two hours
each day.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co.,-
Flood bulldlnr.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th st., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Good all-round blacksmith; steady
Job: good wages. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seven-
teenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED— A first-class window dresser. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market St.. S. F.
COAT-makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market St. .
GOOD bushelman; steady work. PLANZ &
BON. 565 Geary st.
WANTED— Steady, sober man for cleaning up
In bakery. Ill Larkln st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hand3 -
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 15
years' practice; Examiner bids.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
has been established at 10DG W
leccla at.
HELP WASTED-FBMALB.
HOTEL housekeeper, city; fancy lroner, $35,
free fare both ways, for first-class hotel laun-
dry; chambermaid to wait mining town, $25;
nurse. Institution $20; 25 waitresses, city and
country; laundresses; chambermaids to wait..
¦•; FAMILY ORDERS
Housegirl to' go to Arizona, $25, see party
here; 2 houses iris. San Rafael. $25 each; 50
housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 1M Geary st.
2 STARCH WORK lroners $30 each. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter i st.
LAUNDRESS, private family, Santa Cruz, $30.
fare paid; laundress. Menlo Park. $30. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— FRENCH chambermaid and seamstress, $23;
French, second girl. $25; German nurseglrl,
$20; 4 second girls city, $20 each; second girl,
Alameda, $25; chambermaid, country hotel.
$20, no waiting; waitress, Benicla,^ $25; 10
chambermaids and waitresses, city and coun-
try. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
"WANTED— Laundress, private family. $30-
laundress, institution, $35; cook, plain wash,
private family, suort distance. $30; 10 wait-
resses for city and country hotels. $20 and
$25; 8 second girls, city and country. $20 and
$25; 2 nurses and assist second work, $20:
German nurse and plain sewing, $20: cook
for men. $23; Scotch girl, general housework,
2 in family. $25; German cook, no wash. $35;
and a large number of girls for general
housework, city and country, at going
wages too numerous to advertise. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter Bt.
WANTED
Nurse for 2 children, near city. $20; girl to
work on fruit drier, no experience required.
$15 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work: highest wages. Apply
Callfornlan Canneries Co., Ltd.. Brannan st.,
between Third and Fourth.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa- j
tlon. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately. U.
S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave.. bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, 32% Fremont St. ;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
RELIABLE, steady girl to go to Arizona; cook-
ing and general housework; fare paid; refer-
ences required. Apply at 1236 O'Farrell st.
from 9 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Photographic retoucher who under-
stands mounting and finishing. Sunset Studio,
113 Fourth Bt.
NEAT, respectable German woman; housework
and cooking for 1 lady. Call afternoon at 427
Valencia Et.
NEAT middle-aged German woman willing to
work for a good home. 1S33 Stockton st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
wages $10. 132 Second ave., Richmond.
WANTED— A girl for general housework:
wages $20. HIS Hyde St., bet. 10 and 12.
GOOD talloress on coats at once. 623 Mont-
gomery St., room 27, top floor.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., between ISth and 14th.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework.
2703 Jackson et.
COMPETENT girl for general housework ;
small family: wages $25. 1514 Octavia st.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid and waitress;
family boarding house; call B to 12. 312 Eddy.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; wages
120. 1L33 Geary st.
GIRL of 14 to mind baby; can attend night
school. 2111 Geary St.. near Scott.
WANTED— Chambermaid In small lodging-
house. 776 Howard st.
GIRL about 16 to assist In housework. Call
after 9 at 916 Fulton st.
GIRL to assint in housework and plain cook-
Ing. 1400 Webster St.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking. 3319 Clay st. "
$3 TO $7; girl 12 to 15 years; company and care
for children. 216 Hickory ave.
GIRL for general housework. 344S Twentieth
st. corner Capp.
VEST operators, and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. S41 Market st.
BRENNER-ULMAN CO. want experienced
operators on dress shirts; steady work; best
pay. 19 Battery st.
SEWERS; take work hc.me on ladles' flannel
gowns, skirts, etc. Apply H. FRIEDLAN-
DER. 328 Fell st.
WANTED— A Eirl for general housework and
cooking: no 'washing: waees $20. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 aU2615 Union st.
GIRL for general Housework; good wages; call
before 12. 907 Devlsadero st. '
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework.
Call at 344 Sixth st.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
2379 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework; 2 in family;
wages $12. 1134 Ellis st.
GIRL or woman for light housework; wages
$S. 7S7 Stevenson st., off Ninth.
WANTED — A good girl for chamberwork and
plain washing. 434 Fifth st.
GIRL for light housework and care of baby.
1531 Guerrero st.. between 8 and 12 a. m.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 2
in family; $20. 1445 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts,
good pay. 27 Jessie st.. fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- €
lencla st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. ...104 GEARY ST
200 teamsters, Neiaida $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work *2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
wfnted for big tunnel, Shatsworth Park:
CO tunnel men .....$2 to $2 SO a day
25 muckers $2 a day
25 drillers $2 a day
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road, $2 25
day and up Fee $1 Free fare
20 woodsmen, $35 to $45 and found (see boss
here); 20 laborers for woods, $26 and fare ad-
vanced; 3 milkers, $25 and $30; 8 quartz'
miners and machine men, $2 SO to $3 a day;
farmer, ?35 (fare 60c); farmer and wife, or-
chard, $35; gardener and wife, private place,
$C0; sawyer, $45 and board; ranch blacksmiths,
wheelwrights, wagonmakers, stablemen,
choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
linker and pastry cook, country hotel, $50;
cook, coffee house, $50; lunch cook. $60; third
cook, $20: 4 cooks, $40 and $35; ranch cook,
20 men, $30.
Breadmaker, help's department, country
hotel, $20, free fare; dishwasher, country
hotel, $25, free fare; 3 dishwashers, country
hotels, $25; potwasher. country. $25; 6 bell and
elevator boys, $10 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— 3 COIX)RED waiters, country hotel, $23.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— KRRAND boy who lives with parents and
knows city for this office. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 153.
WANTED
Married farmer. $40 and free rent, wife to
board some men at $15 per month each; man
about private place in country. $40 and room
¦ and Increase; 4 swampers, $30 and board and
free far*; 4 men for the woods, $30 and board,
fare advanced; blacksmith helper, country
Fhop, $2 a day; hostler, country stable. $30 and
found: hostler. $45; harness cleaner,. $45;
choreman on ranch, $25: 2 farmers, San Ma-
teo, $26; railroad laborers, free fare: rough
carpenters, ?40 and found; miners. $2 50 and
$3 a day; waiter for Truckee. $39 and fare
advanced. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A WAITER, Catholic Institution across the
bay, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— TWO waiters, Nevada County, $30 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
MAN and wife for an Institution; must be good
baker and take full charge of kitchen; short
distance. Apply MRS. G.NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WANTED— Experienced grocery and bar clerk;
state ase, wages and last employer. Address
box 3276. Call office.' . . •
WANTED— Cash boy« at RAPHAEL'S
SASf FRA>CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclsui
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, cpen
until 12 o'clock every nipht Jn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery 6treet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
r39 McAllister afreet: open until 9:39 p. m.
O5 Larkin street; open until 3:30 p. m.
ISU MlfFlon ctreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
~J1 Mission street, corner Sixteenth: cpen
rntit s p. ro.
20C Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
:0T6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccrner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until > p. HI.
UEBTIAG .NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. OK F. & A. M.- »
D. 13 THIS EVENING. Aug. S. at 1 :30 -^
o'clock. By order of the W. M. >SJR
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. r\jf^
F.XCELSIOR Lcdce No. 166. F. and A. jn~
tt.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-^*
3 'AY) EVENING. Aucust S, at 7:30 JL2\
o'clock. Th1r<l decree. * *
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION I»i«re No. 1C3. F. and A. M. a
—Called mortlng THIS (WEDNES- -«%.
PAY EVEXIXi'. at 7:31 o'cl.->ck. Third J& R.
dejrree. GKO. D. FLACK. Secretary. 'V 1
THE cr.r.ual meeting; of the Ladles' Seamen's
Friend Society will be held at the Sailors'
Home, Harrison and Main sts.. San Fran-
cisco, on WEDNESDAY. August 15. 1500. at
S o'clock r. m.
MIIS. WM. H. BARNHS. Cor. Sec.
AGEXTS WASTED.
V.'K handle newest novelties for apents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS Sfl'PLT CO.. i4Cl l"th bt.
ASTIIOLOGY.
ERNEST S. ORKHN poFitively proves the stars
rc;le your fate; testin-.oniale free: trial readings |
frorr. date birth, by mail. IS 2-cent stamps;
full horoscopes ?2 up. 1SC4 Market St., ZA floor, j
J1ME. lilCKEY. astroloeist: Kft your horoscope j
v.-:th full explanation of your future. 50c: card ]
r^rdine and ruTlrr.i.stry. t'r. 1323 M!s«1on Bt.
attokm:ys at law.
rt. W. KING, attorney at law. P27 Market St..
room CZ7: eftatej:. damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases: fair fees;
r.o advance charees: money loaned en estates.
ADVJCn free; divorce law a specialty; private; !
rn fee without success; collections. G. XV. j
HOWE, atty at law. SO" Market, cor. Stockton.
FHEE edvloe;' divorce laws. damsc»s, eftat?f,
collection!;. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Mnn-.ror.1et7.
AHVICE fre»: no charge unless successful. V.
Tl\ DAVTDSO2C. f~~ Market St.. opp- Ma«on.
L S. CLARK. Err.rr.a FpreckeJs MdR.. !C7 Mat-
ke: ft.; cor.sultntion fr*e; r.o fees In advance.
CT'PTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 5*7 Market
«?.. r. ES: open eve. 7-9: consultation free.
AITOMOBILKS. '
AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD & SON.
Acntf. 46 Fremont Ft. j
IlATIi CABINTTS. j
KOBINPON 13, 4-r«r,el folding; door opens; firm !
and safe. IV. P. BROWN, gen, act.. 426 EliU. j
. . - 1
BELGIAN II ARCS.
Lor.D VaSHODA CHIEF and Ladr Luinb.
first prize in England, at 214 Golden Gate ave. 1
CHAMTION HHLOIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS: sales daily. ioo&V» Sutter.
<3OLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO., 009 Gcl-
den Gate av.. P. K .. 100 rabbits for sale cheap.
BICYCLCS For Sale or Uxeliance.
ALLEN has captured the market with $3) bicy- !
c>s, 2';1 Larkln et. : r^ers wanted for 100 eec- j
ond-haml wheels. 1970 Pate st. j
HOARDING I UK CUILDKEX.
FOIt refined home and excellent care fcr little
piri address American, box £220, Call office.
GU'.M.iN ladv/w-if=h<?» one or two children to
tcard; room for carent«. 4S3 Mlnr.a et.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to I
hoard: rood horre. 27.Vi Hcrr'.son st. j
U LSI. NESS CUAACES.
A^$O; "RESTAURANT, with ten furnished
rooms: 1 block from Chronicle: rents $17 CO;
the j.Iace clears t:25 per month. Call R. C».
WILKE. K^ Kearny st.
A— JTDO; SALOON, with pool table; close to
Call Md?. ; rent S8: a splendid location ar.d
pood paying business. Call K. G. WILKEj
26 hr Keaxny st.
A— J14 r <i; COFEE saloon and restaurant on
Koarny Ft.; place <lo'.ng a burlr.tES of $M per ,
<iay; other »-ngacenients compel owner to sac-
rifice. CaH K. U. WILKE. 26^- Keamy et.
A — JSf>0; CORNER Ealoon with hall In choicest
location on Geary st. ; rent $45; lease; place !
kept by owner for years and is doing a good :
raying business. Particulars H. G. WILKE.
iX'-t Kearny st.
A— J1£QO; COIINER grocery and bar on Larkin
st.; rent, including 5 rooms, $44; horse ar.d
wagon: 5 years' lease; daily receipts about
S30: owner to leave for the country; a first-
class and rare chance. Call It. G. WILKE.
2C^» Koarny st.
A— $',00; DELICACY and dairy produce. In Ala-
rr.<\ia; rent JS; daily receipts 112; business es-
tabl. 5) years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on Mission
tt. ; place has been kept by present owner for
10 years and clearing above $100 per month;
ttock and *.xtures worth the money. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— C'jO; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; rent $1J; bargain. R. G. WILKE.
2C4 Keamy Et.
A— J40OO; CORNER gTocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
best location: close to Chronicle building. See
R. G. WILKE. SG'tj Kearny st
$17^— CIGAR store, on Market St.; central; \-ery
nice T'la^e and good business: cheap rent;
great bargain. LANE & CO.. fcG5 Market st.
JCOO— RESTAURANT and coffee house in fine
location: north Market: fine business; cheap
rent; a preat bargain. LANE & CO., £63 Mkt.
Ii75 — BTTTCKER shop; prosperous country
town: bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 77"£
Market gt.
J25O— PARTNER wanted: Indoor business; will
pay from $C0 to $75 per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777<* Market Et.
A — 11-5; lodglng-hcuse, 9 rooms; centrally lo-
cated: all rms. rented: owner must sell, leav-
ing State. STENBERG CO., S35 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and cafe doing good busi-
ness; gof-d location; reason of pale, other busi-
ness; fullest Investigation allowed; will take
part trade. Address box 2277, Cail of2ce.
BRANCH bakery, car.dy and stationery; block
from large school; good living; parties going
to country; price iZZ-d; no agents. Box 2215,
Call office.
FOR sale— $1<X)O will buy a small steam laun-
dry !n a country town In California. Address
box S24S. Call office.
rARTKER with »C0O in optical business: re-
ceipts from $CoO to JlfwO per month; must be
a graduate optician. Box X261. Call office.
FOR sale— A country barber shop. Inquire at
WILL &: FINCK. 21 OFarrell Bt.
S2iO— GOOD paying restaurant; sold for price
of fixtures. 310 B street. Santa Kosa.
FOR «ale— Blacksmith shop; stock tools; rood
business. A. DAISLE, Martinez.
STATIONERY, candy and notion store doing
grod business. Apply at SI" 3^ O'Farrell st.
CORNER grocery and bar; established and
kept by owner 7 years; sold at a bargain oa
account of going East. Corner of Eighteenth
and D&nvers ftp.
BAKERS— Bakery, conducted successfully 6
years, now being renovated and fitted up,
to let. Apply on premises. NW. cor. Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero eta.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc: fine
location; place Is* entirely covered; contains 3
Ktallt; rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDIUCKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
FOR SALE — Saloon: good business; cause, sick-
ness. Inquire 44 Second et.
AN Interest in a paying legitimate business,
whore services of capable man are required;
lnvestlRction and refnees. A. B., box 22, Call.
COFFEE saloon and chop house, with ten fur-
nished rooms, all rented, for sale very cheap:
iood paying business. Box 2592, Call office.
* i'h— DELICACIES and branch bakery: 3 llrlng
rocms ; rent {12, with water. 428 Sixth at.
TO be sold Immediately, ealoon. €0* Howard
street.
EIIOH shop for eale; must leave the city. Ad-
dreys box 2«22, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
Tfoolved at Call branch effle*. £200 Flllmore st.
LODGI.NG-UOUSES FOR SALE.
A— C5 r.; central; fall; quite. profitable $26fW
18 r.: rent «0; takes $160; 1 blk. of Mkt.. 800
30 r. ; on sunny side; re.nt $33: nice block.. 450
23 r.; sunny; 3 lilks of Market; full 6iO
37 r.: hotel; rent 1150; bargain; party leaving.
M. GRIFFIN. 718 Market St.. nr. Call bldg.
"WAJCTKD— For cash, furnished house. 75 to 125
rooms; matt bn cheap. Box 464. Call office.
WILL pay cash for lodging house: 25 to 4)
rocms; zauct be a bargain. Box 1S5L Call.COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange .Board yesterday:
Morning Session
100 Alta ............ •: P«| 500 Lady Wash.... 0.1
1000 Andes It 500 Mexican ¦ 13
200 Best & Belcher. 2l! 200 Occidental 07
10O Caledonia .. 75 j 300 Ophir ........ "" 70
100 Caledonia ...... "9 : 200 Ophlr ..........' &>
100 Caledonia ...... 77! 400 PotosI 13
200 Challenge . . 2»; 300 Union Con "4
500 Chollar ..... 18! 400 Yellow Jacket.. 33
100 Confidence ..... ssi
Afternoon Session
100 Alpha .......... 09 100 Mexican .... is
100 Alpha .......... 08 200 Ophir - '¦ i»
100 Best & Belcher. 21 100 Savage v 14
300 Best & Belcher. I 22 300 Sierra Nevada 'fi
100 Challenge ...'...' 27 1C0 Silver Hill.... is
600 Con Cal & Va..l 50 100 Silver Hill.... 57
300 Gould & Curry. IS 100 Standard ...... 4 do
600 Hale & Xorcrs. 24 300 Yellow Jacket.. 32
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange . yesterday:
Morning Session
'BOO Best & Belcher.: 21 1 2C0 Ophlr ;......' s»
BOO Best & Belcher. 22 1 200 Ophlr 70
100 Challenge Con.. 2S ! 300 PotosI .........."; 15
Tuesday, August 7.
1 Stm'r City of Para, Zeeder, 19 days from Pa
nama and way ports.
Stmr State of California. Parsons, hours
from Portland, via Astoria.
Stmr Sunol, Green, 53 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 62 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Macgeen. 40 hours from
Port Harford. via Cayucos S8 hours.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldeett. 36 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Eureka. Jensen, 14 hours from Eureka.
Aus rttnr Siam, Xigga, 3(4 days from Oyster
Harbor.
Tug Rescue. Thompson. 8 days from Astoria,
with Iok raft in tow.
Tug Tatoosh. Bailey, 8 days from Astoria,
with lour raft in tow.
Br «hip Eudora, Shaw, 112 days from Lon-
Haw bark WUlscott. Peabody, 156 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Oceania Vance, Hardwick, 4S hours from |
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August".
Stmr Curacao, Von Helms, Guaymas; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
V SAILED.
Tuesday, August 7.
Stmr Curacao, Von Helms, Guaymas, etc.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, West port.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leiand, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Dorris. Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Albien.
Nor stmr Universe, Egenes, Nagasaki.
Chil bark Yosemite, Lumbrenas, Callao.
Brig Consuelo, Page. Mahukona.
Schr Corinthian.- Korth. Bowens Landing.
Schr' Mary Buhnc. Weber, Eureka.
Schr Enterprise. Freitsch. Honolulu.
Schr Western Home, Daerwerltz. Coos Bay.
•'¦;¦ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOP, Aug 7. 10 p m— Weather
f OgF yj wind west, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN. ' '
May 26, lat 56 S. Ion 65 W— Br ship Arden
crni" from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
Mai' 2". 'at 57 S. Ion 71 W— Br ship Ben Lee,
from Shields, for Santa Rosalia.
June 2«. lat 24 S. Ion 1T6 30 W-Nor bark S*
velg, from Eureka, for Melbourne.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 6-Stmr Empire,
"'sailed /Xue 7-Schr Emma Utter, for San
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Noyo,
he p0RT V T0WNSEND-Passed Aug 7-Stmr Va
lencia, from Cape Nome, for Seattle; U S stmr
Ecbert from Cape Nome, for Seattle.
Arrived Aug 7— Schr Annie M Campbell, from
Cape Nome; schr Spokane, from Cape Nome;
schr Alcalde, from Cape Nome; brig W G Ir
wln. from Cape Nome; schr Casco. from Cape.
' TACOMA— Sailed . Aug ft— Ship Florence, for
SAN 1 PEDRO— Arrived Aug 7— Schr John F
Miller, from Grays Harbor.
UMPQUA— Arrived Aue 4— Schr Louise, from
*SEATTLB- Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco; ship Cyrus Wakefield, for
San Francisco; Ger bark Alta I r, for .
Arrived Aug 1-V S stmr Egbert and stmr
Utopia, from Nome.
Sailed Aug 7— U S stmr Egbert, for Tacoma;
Btrar Garonne, for Nagasaki. t
Arrived Aug 7— U S stmr Grant, from Alaska.
Sailed A'ug 7— Ship John Currier, for Hono
lulu; stmr City of Puebla. for San Francisco.
ORCA— In port Aug 2— Stmrs Jennie and New
port.
CAPE NOME — In port July 23 — Stmrs Oregon.
San- Pedro, Alllanca. Albion. Chas Nelson,
Edith. Thrasher, Mary D Hume, U 8 etmr
Wht-Pllng. U S stmr Seward. Ragnhlll.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Aug 7-Schr Dora
Bluhm, from Port Townsend.
CRESCENT-CITY— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco. i
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived Aug 7-Schr Spo
kane, from Cape Nome.
EUREKA— Arrived Augr 7— Stmr North Fork,
hence Aos 3. •
•Arrived Aug 7— Schr Eva, from Kahului; schr
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
TJp the Union Pacific.
Special Dicpatch to The Call.
DENVER, Aug. 7.— A special to the
News from Hugo, Colo., says; Fred Mer
rick was arrested in Elbert County to-day
and brought to Hugo at 4 o'clock on sus
picion of being one of the Union Pacific
train robbers. A posse Is after another
man thought to be Merrick's partner and
is expected to return some time to-night.
. ?
Stricken by Paralysis.
VENTURA. Aug. 7.— John Thomas, vice
president of the Temescal Oil Company,
was stricken with paralysis last nisht.
He is an important witness in the suit
before the Superior Court brought by the
Temescal Company against Juan Sequeda
et al. to quiet title to valuable oil prop
erty in the Piru district. Mr. Thomas
was rendered speechless. He was taken
to Los Angeles, this morning.
Fred Merrick Thought to Have Held
SUSPECTED TRAIN ROBBER.
Miss Gertrude Moinin Alleges That
1 Dentist Cory Broke Her Jaw
in Pulling a Tooth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 7.— An Interesting dam
age suit was filed In the Superior Court
to-day. In which Miss Gertrude Moinin
Is the plaintiff and Dentist B. B. Cory of
this city defendant. Miss Moinin asks for
$20,000 as compensation for Injuries re
ceived by her while undergoing treatment
by Cory- The complaint sets out that on
October 15, 1S99, the plaintiff visited the
defendant for the purpose of having a
tooth extracted. The operation resulted,
it Is alleged. In the breaking and disloca
tion of the jaw. on account of which she
has since found it necessary to submit to
many operations, and that she Is perma
nently Injured, though she was a strong
and robust woman before. Up to the pres
ent time, It is alleged, she has paid out
$161 op account of the injuries received,
and sne asks for this sum in addition to
the damages prayed for.
SUES A FRESNO DENTIST
FOR $20000 DAMAGES
Tragic Outcome of a Suit for the
Hand of the Belle of
Bear Harbor. /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, Aus. 7.— The traplc details of
a fatal affray between rival suitors at
Bear Harbor, a coast hamlet, reached
here by stage to-day. The principals in
the affray are Mattie Jensen. David
French and Benjamin Smith. French's
jealousy of Smith precipitated the quar
rel, and as a result French lies mortally
wounded with four bullets in his body,
while Smith is suffering from a serious
fracture of the skull received from the
iron bar in the hands of French.
It appears both men were rival suitors
for the hand of the young woman and
had been devoted in their attentions.
They were treated impartially and the
affection of Miss Mattie was equally di
vided. Both young men had proposed
n<arriage. but Miss Jensen had been un
able to choose between them. Both men
had been regular callers at the Jensen
house, though seldom If ever before both
appeared in the parlor together. Sunday
night last was Smith's visiting night, and
he was enjoying the society of his sweet
heart when a sharp knock at the parlor
door announced a caller. Smith opened
the door and was confronted by. French,
who asked that he might speak with him
a moment. Smith, not expecting any
trouble, unhesitatingly complied. The mo
ment he crossed the exit French struck
him a powerful blow with a heavy bar of
Iron, which prostrated him, and he fell
through the door Into the parlor in an
almost insensible condition.
Miss Jensen, when she noted the tide of
affairs, ran into an adjoining room and
procured a revolver and handed it to
Smith to protect himself. Smith instantly
grabbed the weapon and fired four shots
at French, all taking effect In vital parts
of the body. French is dying and Smith
is under arrest.
SHOT HIS RIVAL WITH
HIS SWEETHEART'S PISTOL
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlns tides are riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
Unltfd States Coast Survey charts, except
when a mlnusfglRn (— ) precedes the heleht.
and then the rtumber elven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises • 5:1S
Pun sets « ; li
Moon BPts 2:41 a. m.
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 8.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
WatPrs at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Thp hich and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, Aug. 7-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 00 : JustiC» 07 08
Alta 04 06Kentuck 02 03
Andes 10 11 Lady Wash,.... 02 —
Belcher 20 Sl'Mexican .., 17 IS
Best & Belcher. 21 Ofi 08
Bullion 04 OClOphir 6S 63
Caledonia 74 7s;ovprman 09 11
Chollar 14 lajPotosl 14 15
Challenge Con.. 27 29jSavag:e IS 11
Confidence 97 9* Sorplon «>2 —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55 Res; Belcher 03 OS
Con Imperial... 01 03jSierra Nevada. 25 27
Con New York. — 03 [Silver Hill 56 55
Eureka Con — 5Q.St Louis — 16
Crown Point.... 18 lSJStandard 4 45 —
Exchequer 02 03 (Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 1« 19!Union Con 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 23 25|Utah ;. 09 10
Julia — 03' Yellow Jacket.. 32 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
100 Challenge Con.. 30 E00 Silver Hill B»
200 Chollar ....¦ 18 600 Union Con 23
500 Confidence 9S 300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
500 Gould & Curry. 19 600 Yellow Jacket.. 34
500 Gould & Curry. 20 COO Yellow Jacket.. 35
5C0 Kentuck 03
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 03 300 Gould & Curry IS
500 Bullion 04 500 Justice 03
300 Caledonia 75 500 Kentuck 03
COO Challenge Con. 27 1500 Mexican 17
100 Con Cal & Va.l 50 200 Ophlr W.
"i?0 Crown Point... 17 200 Overman - 10
1000 Gould & Curry 19
Fortuna. hence Aug 1; schr Bertha Dolbeer.
from Pan iJirzo.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug; 7— Stmr Cleone. hence
Aug 6.
SAX DIEGO— Arrived Auff 7-Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
GRAYS HA RBOK— Sailed Aug 7— Schr Lizzie
\ ance, 'for San Francisco; schr Occidental, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 7-Schr Chas R Wilson, hence
July 27: schr La Oironde. from Redondo.
NEAK BAY— Passed Aug 7— Stmr Oregon,
from Cape Nome, for Seattle; Br stmr Empress
of Japan, from China, for Vancouver.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Del Norte,
hence Aur 2.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Aus 5— Br ship W J Plr
rie. for Oregon.
XA.VA I MO— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Mlneola. for
Port LosiAnzeles. *
TJENTSIN-Arrived Aug 3-Stmr Conne
maurrh. from Kobe.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Aug ft-Ger stmr Hero
dot, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Auff 7 — Br stmr
Moana. hence July 11.
HONGKONG-Sailed Aug 4— Br stmr Algoa,
for San Francisco.
ACAPl'LCO — Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Barracouta,
for San Francisco.
KINO ROAD— Arrived Aug 6— Fr bark Col
bert, from Tacoma.
I.IVERPOOL-Arrived Aug 5-Br bark Kln
faur.s. from Orezon.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 3— Br ship Arran
more. for San Francisco. Aug o — Br ship
Crown nf Ensrland, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH-Salled Aug i-Sh!p Clarence S
Rement. for Bristol.
QUEENS-TOWN— Sailed Aug ?— Br ship Godl
va. for Tyne. Aug S — Br ship Beechdale. for
Waterford.
VICTORIA — Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Walla
Walla, hence Auz 4.
Sailed Au? 7— Ger ship Emlle. for Queens
town; Chil bark Garibaldi, for Callao.
CARMANAH POINT— Passed Aug 7— Br stmr
Empress of Japan, from Hongkong, for Van-
SANTA ROPALIA-Arrived July 30-Schr Wi
wona, from Grays Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW — Arrived Aug 7 — Stmr Furneesla.
from New York.
SYDNEY, NSW-Arrived prior to Aug 7-Stmr
Moana. from San Francisco.
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm. from Genoa and Naples, for New
York.
MANILA— Sailed Auk 7— Stmr Port Stephens,
from Seattle.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, from Hamburg, for New York.
NEW YORK-Salled Ausr 7-Stmr Bovtc. for
Liverpool; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. for
Bremen, via Cherbourg and Southampton.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Aug "—Stmr Palatla.
from New York, for Hamburg, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Servla, for
'Kew York (not previously).
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE,
11
O ITime Time (Time jTlme]
» I—'- Ft. Ft. ' - Ft. (Ft.
; 1L W II W L W H W
¦ j i t i __
8 ... 8:20—0.3 30:30 4.4 S:02 4.9 9:04 5.7
9 ... 4:02—0.4 11:08 4.7 3:54 2.6 9:50 6.8
10... 4:43—0.3 11:44 5.0 4:44 2.2 10:53 5.8
11 ... 5:23—0.2 12:19 5.2 6:35 1.8 11:46 5.7
12 ... 6:02 0.2i 12:54 5.4 6:!S 1:4
H W| !L W H W IL W
13 ... 0:431 5.4! 6:45 0.7 1:30 &.*- 7:23 1.2
13 ... OH3| 5.41 6:45 0.7 l:30| 5.4 7:23| 1.2
Steamer. I Destination. ! Sails. I Pier.
Rival ...... | Shoal water B Aug. 7, 12 m[Pier 2S
Eureka .... HumbolJt Auk. 8, 10 am Pier 13
San Bias... New York Aug. 8, 12 m PMS3
Alameda ..Australia Aug. 8. 8 am Pier 7
Corona San Diego Auk. 9. 11 am Pier 11
Umsrilla .. Victoria Auk. 9. 11 amiPier 9
J. Klmball.lCape Nome...!AUR. 9, 3 pm I Pier 2
W, Kruger.iTillamook |Aug. 11 Pier 2
Eonlta ....I Newport Aug. 11. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata I Coos Bay Auk. 11. 12 m Pier 13
City PeklnglChina* Japan Augr. 11. 1 pmfPMSS
Orizaba ....IHumboldt |Aug. 11, 2 pmlPler 9
State of CallPortlnnd IAur. 11. 11 amTPIer 24
Santa RosalSan Diejco lAug. 13, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena. .IPolnt Arena. .IAuk. 13, 3 pm Pier 2
San Juan...lC<?n. America. Aug. 13. lpm PMSS
Portland ..ICape Nome... Auk. 13, 2 pm Pier 34
City PueblalVlctorla Aiu. 14. 11am Pier 9
North ForklHumboldt Aug. 14, 12 m Pier 2
Coob Bay..|Xewport Aug. 15. 9am|Plerll
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Robt. AdamsonlNanaimo lAux. 8
Portland Cape Nome Auff. 8
Bonlta Newport Aug. 9
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 9
Ariata Coos Bay Aug. 9
Orizaba Humboldt Aug. 9
City ot Puebla. Victoria Aug. 10
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 10
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 10
Panta Rosa Pan Dieco Auk. 11
W, H. Kruger.. San Pedro Ausr. 11
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 11
North Fork Humboldt. Aug. 11
Kureka Humboldt ' Aug. 12
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 12
Pin Mateo Nanalmo Aur. 12
Washtenaw .... Taeoma Aug. 12
Del Xorte ...IPortland Aug. 13
Columbia Portland Aug. 13
Coos Bay iNewport Aug. 13
Willamette ....ISeattle |Aur. 13
Australia Illonolulu (Aug. H
Steamer. I Destination. ! Sails. I Pier.
Rival ...... | Shoal water B Aug. 7, 12 m[Pier 2S
Eureka .... HumbolJt Auk. 8, 10 am Pier 13
San Bias... New York Aug. 8, 12 m PMS3
Alameda ..Australia Aug. 8. 8 am Pier 7
Corona San Diego Auk. 9. 11 am Pier 11
Umsrilla .. Victoria Auk. 9. 11 amiPier 9
J. Klmball.lCape Nome...!AUR. 9, 3 pm I Pier 2
W, Kruger.iTillamook |Aug. 11 Pier 2
Eonlta ....I Newport Aug. 11. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata I Coos Bay Auk. 11. 12 m Pier 13
City PeklnglChina* Japan Augr. 11. 1 pmfPMSS
Orizaba ....IHumboldt |Aug. 11, 2 pmlPler 9
State of CallPortlnnd IAur. 11. 11 amTPIer 24
Santa RosalSan Diejco lAug. 13, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena. .IPolnt Arena. .IAuk. 13, 3 pm Pier 2
San Juan...lC<?n. America. Aug. 13. lpm PMSS
Portland ..ICape Nome... Auk. 13, 2 pm Pier 34
City PueblalVlctorla Aiu. 14. 11am Pier 9
North ForklHumboldt Aug. 14, 12 m Pier 2
Coob Bay..|Xewport Aug. 15. 9am|Plerll
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Robt. AdamsonlNanaimo lAux. 8
Portland Cape Nome Auff. 8
Bonlta Newport Aug. 9
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 9
Ariata Coos Bay Aug. 9
Orizaba Humboldt Aug. 9
City ot Puebla. Victoria Aug. 10
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 10
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 10
Panta Rosa Pan Dieco Auk. 11
W, H. Kruger.. San Pedro Ausr. 11
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 11
North Fork Humboldt. Aug. 11
Kureka Humboldt ' Aug. 12
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 12
Pin Mateo Nanalmo Aur. 12
Washtenaw .... Taeoma Aug. 12
Del Xorte ...IPortland Aug. 13
Columbia Portland Aug. 13
Coos Bay iNewport Aug. 13
Willamette ....ISeattle |Aur. 13
Australia Illonolulu (Aug. H
O ITime Time (Time jTlme]
» I—'- Ft. Ft. ' - Ft. (Ft.
; 1L W II W L W H W
¦ j i t i __
8 ... 8:20—0.3 30:30 4.4 S:02 4.9 9:04 5.7
9 ... 4:02—0.4 11:08 4.7 3:54 2.6 9:50 6.8
10... 4:43—0.3 11:44 5.0 4:44 2.2 10:53 5.8
11 ... 5:23—0.2 12:19 5.2 6:35 1.8 11:46 5.7
12 ... 6:02 0.2i 12:54 5.4 6:!S 1:4
H W| !L W H W IL W
13 ... 0:431 5.4! 6:45 0.7 1:30 &.*- 7:23 1.2
13 ... OH3| 5.41 6:45 0.7 l:30| 5.4 7:23| 1.2
On March 30th of this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed Or-
dinance No. 25, prohibiting the burial of
the dead within the city and countv. Thta
law' goes Into effect August 1, * IBOL His-
tory shows that all large cities have found
It necessary to close their cemeteries, and
immediately the relatives and friends be-
gin to remove their loved orres. to cemeter-
ies less liable to be disturbed -by - the
growth of the city. For full particulars
and expenses In disinterring and transfer-
ring bodies apply to Charles H. r Jacob &
Co.. funeral directors and embalmers. 31S
Mason street. Telephone Main 6213.,
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
mcAVOY & CO,, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
I 1239 Market «t., between 8th and 9th. ' 1
Telephone South 247. -. - 1
Telephone South SO.
(Euccessors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mjr.
rUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND KMUALMERS
tO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School
HENRY «I. GALLAGHER CO..
ITTFriends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of the First Presbyterian Church, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Franklin streetsi Oak-
land. Interment at Martinez. Cal:
BROWX-At Napa State Hospital. August C
1900, John, beloved husband of Mary A.
S Brown, father of William C. and George
Brown and Mrs. Parnh J. Walkpr, and grand-
father of Aldace Walker, a native of Ireland,
ased 74 vnars.
ff^TFuheral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, at Calvary Pres-
byterian Church, corner Geary and Powell
streets. Interment private.
BURNS — In this city, August S. 1900. Margaret
Burns, beloved mother of Samuel Burns a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
COHEN— In this city, August 6. 1900. Maria
Uvllla. beloved wife of the late Morris Cohen
mother of Danl»>l, Meader and Richard Cohen'
and sister of Mrs. William Dunphy. a native
of Valparaiso, Chile, aged 67 years 10 months
ami 24 days. (Oakland and Calaveras County
papers please copy.)
SETTnondB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock; from her late resi-
dence. 442 Thirteenth street, thence to the
Church of Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe cor-
ner of Broadway and Mason street, at 10
o'clock, where n requiem high mass will be
celebrated for tho repose ot her soul,
GALLAGHER— A month's minrt nin»n will ha
celebrated for the repose of the soul of th*
late Bernard Oallashrr at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral this day (Wednesday), commencing n't
7 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are in-
vited to attend. • ¦
HANAK— In this city. August 6. ifltfl, Albert
Hanak. husband of 'Margaret Hanak and
sfother of Helena H. Rolfe. a native of Bo-
hemia, aged 73 years.
ETKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. 317 Mission street.
Interment at Pittsburg, Pa.
MEMBERS of Branch No. 22. Gl B. B. A. of
the L'r.ited States and Canada, are hereby re-
quested to assemble at the funeral parlors of
II. F. Maass. 917 Mission street, at 2:30 o'clock
thl« day. to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Julius Bitters. By order of the presi-
dent. ' J. TERRELL. Sec.
BOLLMAN— In Oakland. August 7. 1900, Martin
P., beloved son .if D. M. and M. J. Bollman, a
native of Contra Costa Courfty, Cal., aged 16
y«-ars 9 months and 5 days.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fThurFday). at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 4S1 Tehama street, corner of Sixth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mission street,
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
BITTERS— In Garberville. Humboldt County
August 1. 1900, Julius Bitters, a native of
Baltimore. Md., aged 51 years. A member of
Branch No. 22. Glass Bottleblowers' Associa-
tion of the United States and Canada.
ITTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this.day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence. 811 Octavla street, between Golden
Gate avenue and McAllister street, thence to
Third and Townsend streets, by 11:30 o'clock
train. Members of Pacific Lodge No. 48, I.
O. B. B.. and Norman Lodge No. 1841, K. of
IT.. Chebra B'nal Israal. are Invited to attend.
Interment Salem Cemetery- Strictly omit
— flowers'.
BECKWITH— In this city, August 7. 1900. Mary
A., beloved wife of John W. Beckwith. and
mother of Mn>. A. Elsenhauer. Mrs. Grade
O'Brien and William S. and Fannie C. Beck-
with. a native of Harlem, N. Y. f aged 67
yearn 7 months and 2 days.
ARMSTRONG— In this city, August 6, 1900,
Cora, beloved wife of Jo-»oph II. Armstrong,
mother of Albert R. Armstrong, and sister of
Mrs. Lula Edwards of San Jose and Albert
Hammond of Bowlder Creek, a native of
Manistee, Mich., aged 33 years. (Manlstee,
Mich., and San Joee papers, please copy.)
{^Remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. Interment at San Jose this day
(Wednesday), by 10:43 o'clock train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. -
BEARWALD— In this city, Augupt 6, 1900, Gus-
tav Bearwald, beloved husband of Lena
BearwaM, and father of Mrs. William Cohn,
Mrs. Mark Weiner. Mrs. Dave Wolf of Los
Angeles. Cal., and Jacob. Mark, Leopold,
Abraham. Louis and Tobias Bearwald, a na
tlve of Pofien. Germany, aged T2 years 2
months and 27 days.
Armstrong, Cora Lackmann (infant)
Bearwald. Gustav Lynch, Charles J.
Beckwith. Mary A. Lynch. John
Bitters. Julius. McShane. Michael
Bollman. Martin F. Nelson. Mrs. John
Brown. John Powers, Frank
Burns, Margaret Ross, George A.
Cohen. Maria U. Schlotzhauer, Kath-
Galiagher. Bernard erlne
Hanak, Albert Sullivan. Patrick J.
Howland. Benjamin Tompkins, Rose
DIED.
WELLARD— HEniNG— In this city, August <\
l^oo, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Harry Wel-
lard and Marguerite Hering.
RETTIG— SIEMUND— In this city, August 5,
1S0O. by the Rev. 3. M. Buehler. Otto Rettlg
MARRIED.
OCEAN TRAVEL. i
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
«w wharf. San Francisco:
re!**»w__ For Alaskan r>orts— tl a.
|${SwB»k m., Aujujt 4. ?. 14. 13. 24.
|rttji*ij»j!f<^^ :9, Sert. 3. Change to com-
ES. Bi»ja\V4 pany's steamers at Seattle.
**V| For Victoria. Vancouver
BSaL^4g3nl (B. C>. Port Town«»nd.
f^^j^^Ml attle, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— 11 a. m.. Ausust 4.
9. 14, 19. 24, 29. Sept. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Hnmboldt Bay— 2 p. m., August
! I. 6. 11. IS. 21. 26. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth
¦ day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cayu-
cos, Port Ilarford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlct».
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro {Los Ar.geles) and Newport— s
a. m.. August J. 7. It. 15. 19. 23. 27. 3L Sept. 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 1.
m.. August 1. B. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 23. Sept. I. j
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Macrlalena Bay. San Jose del I
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the risht to rhar.c;-> I
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing 1
without previous notice. i
TICKET OPFlCK-4 New Montgomery |
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE Oi R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FO^TL-^HSTr) !
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CARE SI2 First Class Including B*r'.i
iHnC $3 Second Cla«* and M«al3>
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aujrust 11. 21. 21
COLUMBIA sail* August 6. 16. J«. P»Dt. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Ae;ent.
630 Market «t.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlog-o). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Failinc.
S3 HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August J». 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September tZ. Wf»
S3. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4il Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Asrent.
AMERICA LINE.
ft* TCaK. SOnTHAKPTOIT. LOXD0X PIBli
Stopplnc at Cherbourg, westbound. . :
From New York Every Wednesday. ¦ 10 a. m. ¦
New York August 3! St. Louis August IS I
St-'Paul August lot New York August 29 i
RED STA?? LINi. ;
*>w Vorlr erji Antw/»»-%
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ..August SI Noordland ...August 22
Aragonia August 15! FrieMand ...Aurust 23
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
COJtPAGNIE OENEBALE TBAN3ATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <£*nS?£>
Saturday, from November 2. 1S93, at ~ JV ** a w*3»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street: L'AQUITAINE. August 9; LA
! BRETAGNE. August 1«: LA LORRAINE. Aug-
trat 13; LA TOURAINE. August 30. First
class to Havre. JS2 30 and upward. Second class
to Havre. $;5 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOP
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). THERBOUP.G
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.37 B'dWy.X.T
- PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure
HER7OG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Pacific Pcast
401 California st.. corner Snneome. S. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HO\OLni,U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS, ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Aug. 8. 8 p. m
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
August 22. 2 p ni. j
J. O. SPRECKCLS > BROS. CO.. Agts.. 14 Montsotnen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. f.-eiqht Orncc.32? Market St
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQL
Steamer "Montlcello.**- ' -
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thur3. and Eat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex-Thurt; night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., %
P. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.-
I FARE SQc
EAILEOAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry*
WEEK DAYS..9:30 a. m., 1:4J and 5:15 p m.
SUNDAYS ....8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2 30 p. in.
Faro San Francisco to Summit and return SI 19
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
S^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I <>2. ! 5 KEABNT ST. Established
a In 1S)34 lot thotrsatmentof Private
V Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debllltr or
Wk disease 'tearing onbodyandmlndand
7 A Skin Dlaeaaeai Thf doctorcureswheii
M others falL Try him, Chargar low
Ha*2»re*»Ji»»r»»nt^>*. Callorwrltn
Or. J. *'• b[Biiu.\, Box i9O7.8an Fraaclaca
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published .
BORN.
LACKMANN— In this city. August 3. 1900, to
the wife of Herman G. Lackmann, a son.
McNAMARA— In this city. August 5, l&OO, to
the wife of William McNamara, a daughter.
PARKISOX— In this city, August 6, 1900, to the
wife of Mr. Parkison. a son.
MARRIAGE LICENSZS.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Thomas 3. Kerrtjran. 26. 1S3 Cook street, and
Ellen M. O'Donnell. 24, 1S14 McAllister street.
John J. Clln». K*. 1907 Harrison street, and
Katie Walsh. 34. St. Louis. Mo.
Henry C. Farquharson, 46, city, and Joseph-
ine E. Curran. 34. city.
Eusrcre F. Field, 30. 2302 Folsom street, and
Mnrgnret McCarthy. 20 city.
Benjamin Reinoehl. 25. 237 Minna street, and
Bertha L. Wilkinson. IS. Antioch.
Albert 17. Brandt. 239 Eddy street, and Ruth
B. Heck, 22. Columbia, Mo.
Leo Bruck. 30, city, and Frances Wilzinski,
24. Vallejo
Will D. Griffin, 41. city, and Helen A. Krone.
25. city.
William E. Merrit, 27, 226H Clara street, and
Emma W. Ehrhorn. 24. 226'i Clara street.
William J\ Moody, 28, 354>i Third street, and
Maggie EflKitn. 18. 354Vi Third street.
CONSTRUCTION of sewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marin County, Cal.. a»kn for bids for
the construction of a system of sewers in
Ross Valley, Marin County, as per plan* and
specifications on file with the secretary.
Right renerved to reject any and all bid's.
Bidders -will please call between the hours -of
9 a. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board} to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, on Friday, Aug;. 17. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for 5 per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nigh a eatisfnetory bond for the lull amount
of the contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. nERRT. Sec. 120 Sutter St.. S. F.
s MI1THER1 l-4(lnt: COttPAXT.
IrAciric »»«r«M.)
Train ¦•••>«•• »•••• nrc .I..*- to arrlta m*
MAM niA.MIMO,
(Jfaiu Lh-\ Foot cf Market Stretl)
IK»T« — Kr<iu JlTLT 13. 1900. — A KBIT a
•7:00a Benida. Suisnn. F.lisira. V»c»ii!I«,
RuaisfT ¦*"'• S»cr»riieiiri> *7:ISp
•7:00a Shasta Kxpress-I)»?!s. \ViUum»(for
BarUatt Spricga). Willows. Had
Wufl. PoriUnd. *7:43p
•7:3»A Mvtinax. H&r. Uamon. V*l!«]o. >*ap»,
C>li«co(k anti ctuntA Rosa * a il3p
¦S:OOa Davis, Woodland, Kufchu L%ndia?,
.\!«Ti»il!e. oroti.le *7ilir
•HiO«* Atlaatit! Kxpren— Ogilen and East *11:43a
•»t:t»« S»u Joae, Uteimuce, IStuck ton.
I0119. Sser«i>ieuto. PlaenilUe.
M ni j » t illr. Cbicn. Ketl Hint! • 1 : 1 .1 r
• a :30* O>kilale. Cblneae (lor Yosemite).
rtonor*. Carters. # lil»p
•H:0O» HMW«nla. HUM »nd Way Stutioim. *l l>43*
•U:u«.k U« Angele* EipTew— M»rtin«a
Traejr. L*chrup. ciuxktoo, Merced
«nj rreino •«i4'Vp
•»:»»» V»li..j->. Martinet and Way 8tatfom *9i4.1p
•lUittOA Thn OTerUnd Um\'.td~Otiea, Den*
t«r. O.niha. Cbicaco *3il3p
¦1I:O0A Nilrs. l.lteiin.irr. SMCkton. 8ior»-
mrnlo. MaiiJot*. )l»i-for 1. Vl«»;i*.
I*Ort«TTi!le Mil.lp
• I ¦4:00m Uaywuds, Nilfs and Way 8t»tion». 1i4S|
tl:tt«>p.Saciameiito KUerSteainan f.1:0i>»
•»:OOp IWyw v.l*. Nil-* »tj.l Way BUUoo*. •3:4.-tp
•l:u«r Maitiiior. Sbi> Um.o,,. Vallejo.
N*I>^. <¦»:•¦.>. t ». s»ut» lto»» •»>!»*
•li»»r Benieia. Winter". flaeramento,
\Vooill»:ul, Knlkliti Lauding.
M..ri»?lll<\ OroTlll* •10:13*
• M>3«p Nllm. San J.>*»au.l Stockton *7il5p
•3:UOpTIis Owl Limited— Tnunr. Fre.oo.
Bikersfiel J. Skngtm lor B»nta Bar*
b»ra. Lu» Angeles, "•.-I5i
•SiOOp Frtsuo PaiMrier— Marriuez, Lath-
rou. Stocktoa, Merced. BeTenda
(lUyiuoml for Yoaemlte). rre«u<x. •I««l3p
*5iA«p New Orleaat Sxpresa— lUkenliald,
r-«i,l« H»rbsra. Ij n Ani'lis. l)»m-
IiiS. El Paco. New Orieaus and
Kut »lli4i»«
•«i«i»p Harward*. Ml««aud»ao Joee *?tlat
1«tO»r Valleio •ia:l.1r
•«iO»r Oriantal M.ll-Og.len. Choxenoe.
Oiaaha. Chicago *11>43.%
*«:OOr Oriental .Mail-OgJrn, Denter,
Ora»-j%. Chlcaco. 'ItISp
?7iOOp Vallejn. Port Costa and Wai f)ta-
Uoua t*<3^'
•9:O3r Oregon and California Kii>r*<w x*o-
r«iiieiiti>. M»rj».ii:«, l:«.MIu«.
rnttlmi.1. r.igwt .M,»ii»,1 an.» V*»i ««:i3 4
IO4ST DHtSlOl (Narrow 4omii«).
(Toot <¦< M .rket Urect. >
l~i :»•¦>» eanta I'nu Ezcuraion For .Santa
Cruz and Principal Way fttasicna t*<* s r
•*:l.1» Neir»rk.CViiterflMtf,Maii.It)a<(,Fxlkiin,
BuiiMKrCrcek.HautaCriizaud Waf
Station* # «:tl>p
t2>ISr Newark. CenteTTllIo. Kan .low New
Aluwtteo. Folton, ItouUler C'reek.
•¦?*:i f t (,'mx and l'rloclpal Waf
Station MOiAin
*4:|.lr Newark. Naa Joae, Los Oaten f •:*«»»
a 4: 1 5p Glen woo.;. Felton. Santa Crn» e^iat'^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
;r«sStll mtRCISCO— r<«t .f Market SUmI (Sli* I)—
•7 15 900 ]f:0O.t.U. 11:C3 . *tZ) tJ:33
•t-C3 t3:53 •l:03r.ii.
rriaOllllID — 'til «'Br««J«iT.— -«.t)0 h no la.OOtu.
t!3:C3 «I:33 tl:C3 *3:S3 )t:S3 «8:33r.it.
COAST DlflKIOI (KroaillUnste).
(Third mid Tovnineml St*.)
1«:l«» licew View. South ."on Franelaco.. l»iS»f
tT:0<>> Ran Jo*« mmI Way Stnil-nn (New
AluiaJen \Ve.ln«idaiso:ily) *l:S»p
J7:3O* Sundaj Exconlcn for H\n Jote,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove ana
rricdpal Wa» Statioaa ta>X3r
•UiOOa Man .!.•*•>. Trea 1'Iimx. Santa «'r>»,
ParlHff (irme. Faan Kiihirt. Man
. J,iiti Olilapii, Surf. Lompoe and
rrinelj:»l Wa» Stations *4ilop
•l«i«O» San J»aa amt Way Mtatlona *<t::t3»
•Hta«» San.Inae, LoaUatoaar.il WayHUtiou* *3i«Op
r*i l»r S«n Matro. Kedwoed, Mri.lo Para.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .!•>•«.
Trea Piaca, Hauta Cnu. Sallou,
Monterey and Pa«lHe Umve |IO:Sfta
}lix»r Way Htatlons "?»»••
1 1: 15r s»ii,I.,wtii.t Principal Way Rtattnna *1l: 13 »
f3:OOp3an Jot*, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?»!«•>?
M:30r San Joee an-1 Priaeipal Way Sttklone t «::J5 4
•«::t»p flan Jois ami Way Stations (*:•»»«
tll;43p San Joae »nrt Way Statlom ?*:3rtr
A for il.imitig. Pf ot Afternoon.
* Di :iy. t fiiMiday excepted. I Sunday oo!y
6 Saturday only.
a Sitnrday and Sunday a Bnr»rl»» -»n<1 >Ton<1»y
! CALIFORNIA NORTRWESTEBN RT. C«.
LES33B
ISAN FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PAC1RS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlturon Ferry, Foot ot Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:S0. S:00. 11:00 a. m.: I1:JS.
1:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:S4
and 11:30 d. m.
BUN DATS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.: l:S0. J:30.
5:00. fi:2O o. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DATS— 4:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
' 1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at
; 1:55 and i:25 o. m.
SL T XDATS— »:10. 9:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
5: Co, <::S p. m.
Betw»»n San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
tame schedule aa above.
Lear* I In Effect. I Arrive
Pan Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1300.1 San Franciwro.
Week J Sun- .1 I Sun- I Wee*
Days. I days. | Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am! Novato. 10:49 ami %:40 an
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petal uma. «:03 pm'lO:S> in
t:li)pm S.-QO pm! Part a Rosa. 7:35 pm| t:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. £3:23 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:30 pm S:CO am Cioverdale. 7:33 pm S:H5 pra
7:S0 ami I Hopland I |10:!5 am
1:33 pm! 8:C0 ami and Cklah. I 7:S3 pm! «:20 po
T:30 am 10:25 aza
3:C0 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm <:29 pm
7:30 ami 3:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am[ S:40 am
and
!:I9 pmf 5:C0 pmf Glen Ellen. 1:03 pm! 1:10 pm
7.J0 a*h! 8:00 am! !10:40 am|10:23 am,
3:30 pm' 6:00 pm| SebastcpoL I 7:33 pm! (:20 pm
Etacea connect at Bnnta Rora for Mark West
Bprlnji and White Sulphur Spring*: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs : at
Geyservitle for SkazKS Springs: at Cloverda!»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnr*. Highland Pprtns-s, Kelgeynile. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring*: st CTclah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Detl Lake. Witter
! Pprlngs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
Tahn Day's, Riverside, Lterley's. Buckneirs,
Sanhedrln Heights. HullrlHe. Orr-s Hot
fprlnsa, Mendoelno City. Fort Brags;. -W»st-
I port. 1'sal. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins.
I Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. 3coti»
tsd Eareka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond Fan RafaM at half rates.
Tleket offle-*. SCO Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITINQ. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HORTR PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,"
Via Sausallto F«rry. ¦
Commencing April 23. 190*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAXLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-7:00. *S:30. »:30. U:0O a. m.;
12:'.5. •1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 'S^S. «:15. C:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sa.a
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:31 p. a.
SUNDATS— 7:C0. •3:00. n:09. «10:00. U:M». U:J«
a. m.; 12:43. fM. 2:30, *3:C 5:00. «:00. ill*
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
•ays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DATS— 3:35. ««:30. T:5O. »:4O. «18:U a,
m.: 1J:IO. 1:15. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *l:45 and 10:30 p. m
SUNDATS-«:15. "S^. •i:SH. •11:90a. m.- 'lletj
m.; l:00{ 2:15. •3:30. 4:30. •S:45. 8:45. 7:30. m!**
p. m.
Trains marfeed (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. «:43. 8:00. 3:55. 10 -tt a,
m.: 12:35. 1:43. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:3) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. W«dnesd»ra
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m,
SUNDAYS— «:35, 5:C5. 10:03, 11:10 a. m.: U-li,
1:20. 1:30. S:C 4:55. «:1S. 7:05. 10:30 p. in,
THROUGH TRAIN!
1:M a. m. -week days — Cazadero and way at*-
tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturdays cxeapted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
' t:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stay*
tlona.
12:45 p. o. Sundays— Point 'Reyes and w«y
gtatlonj,
SANTA F="I=: ROUTE.
TIME TABLK.
MARKET-bTREET FEURY.
Leave: [Overland: Dally forChlca-! Arrive:
EO. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico. Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. - Bakersfleld.
9 a. m. Vfcalia. Tulaxe. Han- S p. m.
ford. Fresno, Merced.
Stockton. Antioch. Stand-
• ard and Tourist Sleep- r a
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
IStocktoa Local: For San!
4:10 p. m. I Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. l'.ay;U:«5 a. m.
j Point. Cornwall. Antl-I -
I och and f Stockton. [
jBakersfletrl Local: For San I *
. f Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point, Cornwall. Antl- .
8 p.m. och, Stockton. Merced.! S a. m.
Fresno. Hanlord. Visav-
lia. Tufare and Bakers-
fleld. Sleepers to Fresno
and BakersfleM. j
TICKET OFFICES: KS Market st.
Ferry D«pot. foot of Market st.. San Francisco.
UIS Broadway-, Oaklaod.
UKAL ESTATE COLM'HV — For Sal*
ilALDWlX JIOWELL. — —
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTY. •
Xcar C:;y Hall; i7:'.«x!C7:t;; a splendid eppor-
: -Hy; only $13,500. .
.- •..¦•iX'— Market st.. near City Hall; 2-story
1. k f>u:Iiii::R: r^nts Jin."»: lot 2txlG0.
11-fcT. rnONTAUEtf.
Several choice let* on this thoroughfare at
nroderau prices and on eujr terras; get par-
" :oulan> at of flee.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
E27.£ao— i*arlfir-»v«. residence: elegant modern
reaiaenre. 17 rooms, t baths: oil arrangements
¦' r in up-to-date home: lot "7 :Cxl22 :G.
i -Green ft., near Cough; good residence,
? room* arid hath und laundry: lot 1TC:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
— <~-nry ex.. near Van Ness ave.; 4 resl-
a ' „.'.'* : : ', :: ' ! m0: lct to roar street.
FV.;s«-m st., corner: manufacturing dis-
trict. S frontages: rents $170; lot 100xS7:6.
fU, <•¦¦>— Hems «13; Castro st., corner; stores
rhJ flats; K>t CCxSO.
BARGAINS.
_ SJiOft-MISfloo rcid. near Thirtieth; one-story
bvuaicx eoctalr.ir.g store and S living rooms
ELS?* r *' ar; ¦**•** v.crk done; lot r»:xT2; terms
r! «,,' c '- b * Lianc * monthly payments.
53. .0 — (.umbcrland Ft., corner or Uolores: 2
fine nats; 5 ani 6 rooms and bath; rents $36-
lot EaxES.
»/». ~ AX OrTEii WANTED.
'' °~ Rents $Ci. Natonut tt_. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 'at* nl*ove; lot :Tx75
M - RESIDENCE PROPKKTT.
Ji.B."C'O— Beautiful rrsiJence in the Mission: 14
f°° : -- s ',,- bclhs: fir * £ rour 'd s : "M all around:
lot ..xI15: rr.ake cfier.
$26.000— Price reduced : Washington *t. resi-
..j-nce. with fine marine view; la.-pr garden; sun
all cay: lot 137:6xl3;:6; don't fail to see this
property.
t27S^-RIchmea4 District: entirely new; 2 cot-
ta 5.^i ri °dTr. in every respect; eaey terms.
"-^unstt lOistrtet ; 2 h»n<1scme new mod-
-rn ref.^nces. Jutt completed; 6 rooms and
¦i-h and tenement; lot KxC9: oasr terms; call
tt branch efnet; Ninth av<^. and II H.
l4 ¦^'-'—^-ein-T st.. n»>ar Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
VACANT LOTS.
M00O— Etefawr. near Fulton; iot r7:ex.llO.
fU.OOO-PrtsidJo Heights ; corner; 137xir:S - -»i;
Cae rr.crni" view; choice residence lot.
COTTAGE IN THE OOUSCTRT.
¦¦'•» MM Valley eottag*; E roemi and »>ath:
ranjy finished attic; large lot; will trade for
cay properly. BALDWIN & liOV.'ELU
10 Montgomery st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S BALE.
'^•Ter* wanted for following property:
merits; Bush r-t., near Stockton; 2 frontages.
150,00ft— income nearly JSOOO per annum; ftne
Invmtncxrt.; close to PoveH and ?utter sts.
tlZ-WO — Hv<ie st.. mar Putter: good location
for ria-.F. physician or sanitarium.
Must b*> snl'J to <-!iT"se an estate.
BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
£3S MARKET STREET.
JiOC CAFH: MISSION FLATS; J300 CASH.
BALANCE AS RENT; INTEREST 6
t*r cent: 2 sunny modern fiats of 4
nr-.i ii fooras ar.d bath; porcelain bath,
tile, mantel, etc. ; on 2Jth et.
PAYS OVER 23 PER CENT
AFTER TAXES PAID.
S:.CC0CASH; Franklin, nr. Hayes et.; 3 flats
and stable en lot 35x107:6 ft.; rents |;I0
per annum; all rented.
1200 CASH; COTTAGE; $200 CASH.
Balance as rent: interest 6 per cent;
well built modern Mission cottage; 4
room* and bath and basement; lot 25
xl 14 feet.
$7:0 CASH; RESIDENCE; fTsO CASH.
Balance as rent; new S-story modern
riay-windowed residence of 6 rooms and
bath; lot 2DxlOO ft.; on Sanchez, nr.
15th et.
POST-STREET COTTAGE.
J2.E0O — TTell-built cottage of 6 rooms and bath
and basement; lot 25x127:6 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3,000— 3 modern flats of 5 rooms and bath:
rents ICSS per annum; lot 25x137:6 ft.;
Bur.r.y elde etreet.
LTON-STREET RESIDENCE.
S4.00C.— Modern residence, 7 rooms and bath
end basement; hot house; garden with
cercent walks; make offer.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
J12.60Q— Elegant modern residence of 12 rooms
end bath; best level block; lot 27:6x137:6
ft.; make offer.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
<>y MARKET STREET.
HEAL ESTATE COLWTRV — For Sale
I2S.Q0I fAF = E*=SET> value) buys 12S0 acres rich
level farming land in coast county; elegant
buildings; jelns P.. R. town: A No. 1 colony
proposition. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market.
ET'V'K and grain ranch for sale In Colusa Co. ;
I2« acres; KM an acre: 500 grain, rest in hill
!and. M. P. CHANDON, Marysville. Cal.
£S ACKnp— 4 miles west of Petaluma: well Im-
proved: at a bargain: tertr.s reasonable. Ad-
drffg bor. IPS'. Lakeport. Cal.
6TOCK and grain ranch for eals: Colusa Co.;
:;i0 acre*; Jl» p»r acre: 500 grain, rest hill
lar.fl, M P. CHAXDON. Marysville. Ca!.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
NTT. cor. In BerVeley. 1^x134:6: fine marine
view: for a residence in P. F. : will pay $20^0
or &.VW difference. T.. box 3235. Call office.
A PP.INTHD list. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market.
City property and farms exchanged and sold.
ROOMS KOK UOOSI££U£J2P1SGJ
AT C2 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 50 to J2 60
per wk. : Tingle and double. SI to }2 M per wk.
' r.RYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth— 3 front rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; cheap.
KiLSOM, SJO— 2 furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; also others; cheap.
FOLPOM. *34— Sunr.y front bay-window rm. and
bath; everything private; %Z week.
GUEEN, 117— Three funny connecting rocms.
funi'.she.;; sunny yard: quiet place; $19.
HOWARD. lOCJ'i— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping room*; also otbers. .
HOWARD, 1'CO— Nice eunny rooms, single and
hcasekeej.ir.g. -rith gns; reasonable.
HOWARD. UM^-2 Cram connecting rooms: bay-
window; complete hou*"ke*>pinie; gas, private;
cheap.
HYDE. Mt-^&Binjr front alcove suite; complete
for housekeeping; JTO.
LEWIS. l«. off Taylor, nr. Post— 3 furnished
&r.d 3 unfurnished room*. 112 and $10.
MARKET. 102S— Large light room and connect -
Jng kitchen; furnished; folding bed: g^is; J10.
MARKET. 1S24 — Cozy suited pun In both
rooms, gas range, $16; single room, $7.
MrALLISTER. 1727— For rent. J unfurnished
+iousekf«>ping rocms; grate; running water;
'•arpfrts if desired.
MISSION. S4»— 2 large, sunny, well-furnisheu
housekpcpjnc rooms.
OAK. 317—* sunny parlors furnlshf-4 for hr>us»-
Ste*r!rig. tU; single room. wame. JS: telephone.
OFAKRELL, JC2— Housekeeping suit's; ele-
gantly furnished; from $15 to $30; also single
rooms.
I'rjtRT, 174 — Two tunny housekeeping rooms;
fiot and cold water.
POWELL. 5CP. near Sacramento— 3 cr 4 unfur-
nished rooms; marine view; eun all day.
PHOTWELL. C23, nr Twentieth— 2 or 3 nicely
fuTTiifht-d tunny rooms for light housekeeping.
SILVER, 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
room* for housekeeping.
BtXXY roorns. unfurnished or f-'rnlshcd;
housekeeping cr otherwise; very reasonable.
D;7 Post st.
TENTH. 13<). near Mission — Large sunny fur-
nifhei room for housfkeeping; large yard.
THREE funny furnished housekeeping rooms;
rT.t not over ?1>. Address box 22:2. Call.
VAN NESS ave.. 43— Front eunny rooms for
h'>u?< keeping, J2S a month: also large front
z worn for 2 i#rsons, $12 and $S; front Van Ncfa.
C'LAJ-S'lFIED adverti«?menti and subscription!
rrefiveo 1 at Call branch office. ySOO Klllmore st.
A B&AXCU olflee for Call advertisements and
ratacrtptla&a has been established at 1WG
Yalm-ia Et. ¦
UOOMs XO t,ET Kurn. ana Unfnrn.
A-BRL\N'S\VKX~1Ioi:SETTrs"^txtn-Roorn«
2£c to Jl p»r r.lgfct. Si :'i to 15 per week, and
Usbt lioUfekeeping; open all night.
m.'RNETT. 142G Market et. (old No. I36O— Fur-
nlshed rrr.*., fultts, tingle; also unfurnished.
JiO'I!, t23— NI.~t!y furn. eunny rooms: tl 50 to $7
»k.; lie to tl Id night. MRS. P. RANFT.
UEVT8ADKBO, J-U^». near EKIs— 3 handsome
furnished sunny room* for housekeeping, $12.
KS8CX place. 1. off Essex st.. Rincon Hill— 3
rooms for housekeeping; bath; liot and cold
water.
FIFTEEN mlnuten* r'.de brings you from down-
l tmrn to ihe beautifully furnished "ALMO-
kjl.V." the *lite FAMILY HOTEL In the Mis-
T ¦¦'•n. comer SOth and Mission eta.
¦* Why t>iy e-xorbltant prices for crowded
«!cwn-town Bpartmenls. when larger, brighter
roc-rr:» nnd better perrices are at your com-
mand, for less money— Investigate — Take Mi«-
fion «t. or Valencia «t. car direct; take Fill-
mwt rt. car or Post and Lcavenworth cars,
and transfer to Mission tt.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and fnfnrn.
FOLSo!57^iar~cTr?~6tir7The OllverT^New tuT^
sunny rms., single or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1529—3 unfurnished roomi
for housekeeping; bath and pantry.
GEARY. «O5 «The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, suites or Fingle; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
_Eir>Blc: ladies' parlor; read ins-room: elevator.
GrtANT ave., 7 (Ferndale) — New management;
sunny rooms, en suite or single; transient.
GRANT ave.. 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
furr.ishej sunny rooms by day, week or
month.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 4?3— Sunny side room;
double bed; closet: $5 per month.
HOTKL Francisco — Eleeant suites: single: tran-
Eient: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, S29— Rooms from Jl week up to Jo;
25c to {1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
1 — . .
HOWARD. 9S0. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: reasonabie; by day. week or month.
JESSIE. 503— Nice lunny room for one or two
working girls; reasonable.
MIXNA. 66T. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window i;k>ri. tl Der week; transient. /
MISSION. 1221. near new Postof flee— Nicely fur-
nished single room; $5.
MISSION. 1731— Sunny front room. $8.
OTARRELL. 20 — BuxiBT furnished rooms and
office?; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PO*WE1.L. i:i-L!ght. clean rm«.: suites or sin-
K>: trnn^ient: running water; rates reduced.
PROSPECT placo. 1:3, oft California, nr. Pow-
ell — Large sunny rm., bath. JS; priv. German.
I ROSEDALE House, SI* and C21 Ellis St.— Rooms.
j r!?'.it 2.">o to il. week SI li to $4; open night.
j ROTAL HOtrSE. 12S Ellis »t.— Incandescent
li::M: reading-room, smokinq-ronm and ladies-
parlor; rooms, per night. ZjC to SIM): week. $2
to JS; month. JS to 120; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
! SHERMAN Apartment Houfc 2S Eifthth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
! TAYLOR. S10. bet. Bush and Pine-Four hand-
I somely furnished sunny rooms: ras, bath,
f tc. : all new furniture, carpets; SS and SJO mo.
THE OAKF. 119 Third— A cood rooming house
for eood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TO let— 4 nicely furnished rooms. Inquire J3C
Fifth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. :;no Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10?6 Va-
ienriq tt.
ROO3IS AXD HOARD. •
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market's^— P1T1W0TT0T3
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers: exceptionally at-
tracth> interior *nd table. £07 California st.
ROOMS AXD HO A It It ' WANTED.
ART student d*»slr^s a home; cheerful eom-
; panion; good reader, tutor to children or pri-
vate secretary. The.r R. Severson. 518 Ellis.
I ?O
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED front rcom nnd kitchen, with
pas stove: private family; east of Van Ness;
for courle and child. Tiox 3249. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
! BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
; DORE. 13S0 Market St.. above Jones.
j ROOMS papered from J3: whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman ""alnt Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mcntjromery et.. rooms 9-10: tel. B5S0.
IEWIXG MACHINES A.M) SUPPLIES;
j ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, r.r. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairirr at lowest rates. ?03 Fourth st.
i —
storage: a>i> warehouses.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 752.
I PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
rar.y 2320 Fillmore ft.; phone Jackson JS1.
! HEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel Main 1S4<V— Packing, moving and storage.
! STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING.
I NEW typewriters, $5 down, J5 month payments.
! REVALK. 409 California et.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
| GREAT^RG^I^S^TTr^plEwRITERS^W-e
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
ExchartB'. &36 California, telephone Main 26«.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMRDA REA^ ESTATE.
$2^0 CASH; monthly payments as low rent till
paid for; modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
pantry, closets, high basement, brick founda-
tion: all fenced; fine well of water: all first
class: 2 fine lots: price all told. JS50; city
crater if desired: street macadamized: nice
hrmes all around; near 3 lines of electric
roads and fine sehoolhouse and wide avenue:
1 no fog or cold winds here; Allendale tract.
I adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for
j circular. 453 Seventh ft., near corner Broad-
j way. Oakland; carriage free; H. Z. JONES,
owner.
CH V. A PEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States cr Canada one year for Jl.
I berkeleYadvertisements
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
! IN Berkeley — Two-story modern cottage, seven
I larg» rooms and bath; double parlors; heavy
! moldings; 7-ft. basement: brick foundation;
Iot 50x123; street work complete; price $3250;
monthly payments lit desired. Inquire on
premises, 3017 Fultfn St.. Ashby Station, or
; Heron & Hnlpomb. l^CO Broadway. Oakland.
DtRKELEY Fl'KMSHKD COTTAGES.
I FOR rent— A 4-room furnished cottage In
BerVeley. on Stewart Ft., east of College ave.
Apflv on premises, or J. J. Mason. BTkeley.
j FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
1 POTT.TRY ranch, 3 acres: 4-room house: upper
Fruitvale. Owner, 367 East Twenty-third st.
j OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
j
OAKLA.NO KE.VI. ESTATE.
i COMPLETELY FURNISHED HOME.
j;r-f.-O— Renting for 125; modern cottage of 5
i rooms, bath, high basement, etc.; fine north-
i wcHt corner lot SSUxlM feet; street work all
done; BUILT AND FUHNISHKD FOlt A
HOME: good stable on the property-; reason
for selling, owner going into business.
GEO. W. AfSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway.' Oakland.
13 W— PRETTY FAIR FLA TS— J3CO0.
Guaranteed income of ?32 per month: new,
I modern building; 2 five-roomed flats, modern,
i complete and nice. In 'every particular; di"i«ir-
1 abl" location: street work all done; garden,
open lawn and 'tone walks laid; a choice In-
; vestment: can be *een at any time; offered f«r :
I a quick cash eale: immediate investigation ia-
I vitcd. GEO. XV. AUSTIN & CO
I 100S Broadway, Oakland.
AT a sacrifice— Good l-gtory cottage. S rooms
and bath; protty garden; fruit; barn. 567
East Twenty-third tt.. bet. 11th and 12th aves.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 3S page*, nent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pontage paid. ¦
OAKL.4M) KL'K.MTCRE KOK KALri.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OIVIDB.XD .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 18 (thirty
! cent* per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company, will be payable at the office
of the company, 317 Market St.. on and after
Friii a J", August 19, 1900. Transfer book*
closed on Saturday, Aueust 4, ' l&OO, at 12
o"clocV m. ft. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 20. of seventy-
five cents (7jc5 per share on the Issued cap-
ital stock of the cempany has been declared,
payable a! th*» office of the company, <J0 Cal-
ifornia «t.. fan Francisco, on August 10.
1900. Transfer book* close Aujruet 3, 1900. at ,
noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary. |
HOWLAND— In Oakland, August 6, 1900, Ben-
jamin 'F., beloved husband of Mary S. How-
land, and father of Mrs. C. S. "Warner. Mrs.
J. Green and. Frank. Wesley, Edward, Benja-
min, Charley and Laura Howland. a native
of " New Bedford, Mass., aged 72 years 5
months and 5 days.
E^Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvite<l to attend the funeral services
tills day (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 624 Ninth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
LACKMANX— In this city, August 3, 1000, in-
fant son of Herman O. and Minna, Lackmann.
a native of San Francisco.
LYNCH— In this city, August 7, 1900, Charles
Joseph, father of John, Charles, Joseph. Wil-
liam, May and Julia Lynch. . a native of
County ilayo, Ireland, aged 66 years.
(E^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday). at 8:30 o'clock, from hi* late resi-
dence, 2519 Gough street, thence to St. Brlgid's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LYNCH-In this city, August 6, 1900/ John
LynCi, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Lynch, and father of Mrs. A. Soto, Charles
Lynch and the late Michael and Daniel
Lynch, a native of Ireland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4S Sycamore avenue, between Sev-
enteenth and eighteenth. Mission and Valen-
cl.i streets, thence to Mission Oolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the' repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McSHANE— In this city. August 6. 1900. Mich-
ael beloved husband of Ksther McShane. step-
father of Jennie. Nellie, Kittle and Willie
Dillon, Mrs. V. McEntee and Mrs. J. Kirk,
and v.nele of James McShane, a native of
County Armagh, Ireland, . aged 65 years.
(Lakeview, Or., papers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33*.» Fourth street, thence to St. Pat-
rlok'R Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NELSON — In Olema, Cal.. Mrs. John Nelson,
mother of E. I>., Lydia M. and Walter F.
Nelson. Mrs. E. W. Hunt and Mrs. W. V.
Hall, aced 61 years.
POWERS- In this city. August C. 1900, Frank,
beloved son of Mary, nnd the late Thomas
Power*, and brother of Mamie, Katie, Jo-
sephine, Gerty, Lawrence, Thomas. Maurice
and Andrew Powers, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged :0 years and 6 months.
[C7"FTiend."> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2761 Greenwich street, corner of Baker.
t!i<>nce to Presidio Chapel for services at 2:30
oVlock. Interment National. Cemetery, Pre-
sidio.
ROSS— In East Oakland, August 7, 1900, George
A. Ross, son of Frances and the late
Daniel Ross, a native of San Francisco, aged
2S years and 5 months.
(CTFriends of the family are invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 11:30 o'clock, at his late residence,
1105 Ninth avenue, East Oakland. Interment
private.
SCHLOTZHAUER— In Oakland, August S, 1900.
Kathcrine. beloved wife of the late Paul
Schlotzhauer, a native of Prussia. . aged 64
years.
IP^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, at the corner of Boston avenue and
Hopkins street, thenop to St. Elizabeth's
Church, where a requilm mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
SULLIVAN— In this city, August 7. 1900. at the
parents' residence, 1153 Folsom street. Patrick
Joseph, beloved son of Peter and Nora Sulli-
van, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 days.
TOMPKINS— In this city. August 7. 1900. Rose,
beloved daughter of Mrs. SI. M. Tompkins.
ETNotice of funeral later.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 6, 1900. -Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
until 12 m.. Thursday. August IS. HO0. and then
opened, for furnishing 70 artillery horses at
the PreFidio, San Francisco. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept ar.y and all
bids or any Dart thereof. Bids will be con-
sidered for a Ies3 number of horses than that
stated. Preference Riven to articles of domes-
tic production, condition* of price and quality
(lncluding In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, -to extent
of consumption required by the public service
there. Information furnished on application
to J. M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be receiveXaTthe Bureau of
Navigation, Navy Department, until 12 o'clock
noon, on Wednesday, August 29, 1S00, for the
construction of three buildings for officers'
quarters for the U. . S. Naval Training Sta-
tion on Yerba Buena IFland, San Frantisco,
t-'al. Requisite information may be obtained
on application to the Chief of the Bureau, of
Navigation, Navy Department, or. to Navy
Pay Office, Phelan building, San Francisco,
Cal., where plans can b* obtained for Inspec-
tion. A. 8. CROW.VIXSIIIELD, Chief of
Bureau. August 2, 1900. •This message was. found in a bottle by
George H. Boke of Channins way, Berke
ley, last Saturday near '> Bakers Beach-
I'-'Wlnfield v Chevalier: ' I : have ended my
life by going to tho bottom of the Fea. All
friends, farewell. Henry - Beaumont."
Boke gave the message to ' Police Chief
Sullivan. I IMJii I M'rTTTf "TWprTO imTiri
Pound ; Message in a Bottle.
Justice of the* Peace Barry gave, judg
ment yesterday for $210 In -favor of Eliza
Keenan, who sued De Courcey Goodsel
for the amount through her father,
Thomas Keenan. The child, who is seven
years of age,- was seriously injured owing
to a defective walk ln the yard of prem
ises owned by L the defendant and rented
by the plaintiff. . She has contracted hip
disease as a result of the Injuries and has
been permanently; disabled thereby.
Damages for Injuries.
The Insurance companies have settled
the loss caused to Nathan-Dohrmann Co.
by the fire of June 22. A largo number
of handsome ornaments ln their magnifi
cent collection was more or less damaged
by smoke and water and will have to be
disposed of at a special sale.
The Nathan-Dohrmann Fire Loss.
A grand entertainment and ball will be
given by Dolores Parlor No. 208. N. S. G.
"\V.. next Saturday evening at Mission
Parlor Hall. Seventeenth street, between
Valencia and Guerrero. An excellent pro
gramme has been prepared for the occa
sion. The receipts will be appropriated
to the fund now being raised for the pur
chase of a banner for the parlor.
Native Sons' Ball."
«V°" was over there were more than half
°f o these certificates left unused. They
Snn a 'L taJ^ n out on the d *W o'- the elec
mv Th n° s S not used thrown
nn<f u l" at ls how thev got around town.
£pt thn^f 8 X3& easy after the election to
!,,rti I 1 ?' When It -Is sald'that Supremo
J udge Henshaw. advised ¦ with Mr. Jordan
certificates tl* "1°" the re «alit y of these
™Ii. i ates - that Is untrue. That Btate
wf. e», made me «"ely because William G.
Henshaw was at-thattlme actively lnter
w n t<Jd l n , n i M «tcalf -s tight. Our action
wa » strictly 'within the law. and those
S™ * ave . been attacking us for that ac
tion do not seem; to be above taking ad
"" ,°f Be , ta eve T possible opportunity to
"^.V 1 ? c A un f y Clerk's offlca^to-day/'
County Clerk Jordan said: "The matter
Jl d o« t °v,F 0 , me to a head at some time, and
an^thVr 1 Jl W s "ell come at one tlm" as
another. I > nave done no morefor Mr
Dalton this year than I did for Mr. Met
jalf.two years ago. They attempted to
jam me and. I said that I would tell the
?rf ,&- o V wo *. years afe '°- and I-did. I lost
n^iw S ni i that nctlon . and turn about ls
2Sl y «h alr Pv la , y>; * am continuing to send
out those Dalton cards just as usual, and
v-hllo I regret being placed m a position
where I am compelled to flgbt I will fight
n h« n mi?-,!, 1 ai J f lad that I am B 5on
to be out of the whole thing."
"It is true that we had Issued several
thousand certificates two ; years ago, but
less than* half were used,' and" none were
used for anything except legitimate: pur
poses. It is a lie 'when any one says that
any were Improperly used." After the elec-
Thero were eleven workers there to-day,
and they had all been sworn in as Deputy
County Clerks, though under pay from
Henry P. Dalton and not by the county.
Tho men are at work in the "Register
room" of the Hall of -Records, attached
to the County Clerk's office. In this room
Is kept the new Great Register, and It Is
from this that the men are sending out
the literature. ' i.' :
There will be no further action by the
Board of Supervisors." The primary will
bo over. by the time the next meeting; Is
held and the matter will then be dropped.
To-day was a day of explanations and
denials from all sides. Even County Clerk
Jordan was out making a few explana
tions.
Judge Emll Nusbaumer to-night made
the following reply to the charges made
against him by County Clerk Jordan yes
terday! "
"1 have been Interested and am still In
terested In the candidacy of Mr. Metcalf
for Congress, but when any one says that
either Mr. Metcalf or myself have , In
dulged in any Improper actions to ad
vance his .candidacy they speak a false
hood. ' .
gifrse Is going on steadily in the office of
the County Clerk, and load upon load ot
this matter Is being carried away for de
livery to the voters of the county. This
Is all being sent out by messengers, a
fear existing that ¦ the postofflce might
become blocked with the matter and it
might fall of delivery before the pri
maries. . ¦
If you have a fondness for artistic fram
ing, your desires and tastes can easily be
gratified these days. No time In the his
tory of the picture framing business was
there ever the attention Riven to this
art ns at the present period. The very
latest and most artistic designs at San
born & Vall's, 741 Market street. •
Easily Gratified.
day from "Cupid" iJanforth by Will D.
Gtiffin, who holds the position of statisti
cian to the Board of Health. Griffin. will
marry Miss Helen A. Krone, a young lady
•w-ho is a gretLt favorite among a large
circle of friends. Oriffin gave his age as
41 and his bride-el^ct confessed to 25 sum
mer?. She is reputed to be quite wealthy
In h«*r own right.
Griffin wa* <i*-ciflMly uncommunicative
r^frarding his approaching- marriage, even
iroing po far as to request "Cupid" Dan
forth to ket-p the marriage notice out of
th«» papers. Upon Danforth's refusal to
comply with the unusual request the sta
tistician wns greatly chagrined. It is un
derstood that the reason for Griffin's dr-
F.ir<> for secrecy is thct this will mako his
fourth voyage on th*» tempostuous sea of
matrimony. That he encountered a few
squalls is evidenced by that fact that he
w.is divorced three times, the last d«»
oj«fr being granted In 1S3L He married
his fim wife in Moxico.
S5r.o«s his last divorce Griffin has dls
orfotly rr-fr.-iinr-d from taking anv more
chanws, but the charms of Miss* Krone
were too great to be resistr-d and he
finally succumbed once more to the mag
netic force of the little god of love.
Statistician "Will D. Griffin "Will Try
His Fourth Voyage on the
Matrimonial Sea.
A marrispp license was procured yester-
HEALTH OFFICIAL TAKES"
OUT MARRIAGE LICENSE
WHO HAS been triumphantly vindicated by the courts to which
he has appealed for justice and who now asks you -by your vote to mani
fest your confidence' in him and your disapproval of the conduct of his
enemies. , . .
VOTE for HENRY P. DALTON on AUGUST nth and have your
friends vote for him and you will never regret it."
The receipt of this is evidence that your name is on the Great Register
for 1900, your name and address having been taken therefrom.
WHO, BECAUSE of his fearlessness, has incurred the hostility of tha
corporations and of the political bosses, and who has been subjected by
them to false accusations and been the victim of damnable practices.
WHO HAS endeavored in the face of the bitterest opposition to assess
the property of this county so that the burdens of the poor man might be
made as light as possible and the property of the rich bear its just
share of taxation.
WHO IS a native of this State— who was educated in its public schools
and who is interested in all that concerns its future welfare, prosperity and
greatness. ¦ :
WHO IS aggressive, industrious and'capable, and whose time, energy
and attention will at all times be devoted to the interests of his constituents.
WHO HAS been twice elected Assessor of this county and has dis
charged the duties of that office fearlessly and honestly.
HENRY P. DALTON
For Member of Congress, and by so doing you will assist in electing a
j n
The polls will be open between the hours of 1 and 7 p.m. You are asked
to vote early on that day for the delegates who favor the nomination of
necommt-nded by rhj'filclans. Water alwayB
clean an<l •warm. Tub department best In clty. #
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
• •• • • ••• »
' DEAR SIR:
There will be a Congressional Primary Elec
tion held in this County on Saturday, August II, 1900,
for the election of delegates to nominate a candidate for
Member of Congress. '
You are earnestly requested to vote at said Primary.
The polling place for your precinct is at
Street
Put this in your pocket and take to the polls Aug. 11th.
OAKLAND. CAL., August 7, 1900.
But in addition to the partisans of tho
two contending factions there is a large
mass of voters In Alameda County. It is
made up of men of tho better class and
of a high grade of Intelligence, and they
are the men who have an idea that the
County Clerk'* office is for the purpose of
conducting public business and not .for
a private campaign bureau.
Meanwhile the work of sending out cam
naisn literature and cards under ofllclal
Mr. Jordan Is equally particular to
Etate that whatever facilities he provided
for Henry P. Dalton this year he offered
to the managers of Mr. Metcalf, but he
has not expressed any opinion as to
whether they were* "smooth" enough to
take advantage of the offer.
So the County Clerk, despite his friend
ship for Mr. Metcalf two years ago and
his friendship for Mr Dalton this year,
asserts that he is Impartial in the use
of his office for "doing politics," and thai
the "other Bide" has always had an even
break at -the Great Register. And thus
the Alameda County Clerk's office be
comes an interesting study In the methods
of "doing" private politics without com
ing in dangerous conflict with the law.
So Mr. Jordan has succeeded In attract
ing to himself many of the bricks that
have been poised in the air ready for huri
lng at somebody ajid they are being hurled
fit the County Clerk. He has drawn tho
fire of both sides, for those who are using
him and his office to-day were against
him after the last primary, and those who
were, friendly to him then are against
him now.
At that time a series of long articles ap
peared in the Enquirer, which paper is
now supporting Jordan, attacking the
County Clerk for having issued certifi
cates, and particularly blank ones, over
the seal of his otilce and the signature of
his deputies.
These articles were signed simply, ine
Committee," and It waB inferred that they
were prepared by the campaign committee
<3f the defeated Congressman. They be
gan with charging the County Clerk with
Having issued fraudulent certificates, and
drew his denial. Then they charged that
blank certificates had been issued, and
this was met with a denial. Then those
who were preparing these articles and who
were having them published issued fac
similes of certificates issued by the Coun
ty Clerk, Including a blank certificate,
which had on it the seal of the County
Clerk and signature of J. B. Dean, one
of his deputies.
; As a result of these articles the name
I of the County Clerk was coupled in a
very unpleasant manner with the issu
ane'e of the documents, and Jordan's cer
tificates have f.one down into Alameda
County's political history.
So the tacts that were brought out at
the meeting of the Supervisors yesterday
were not altogether new. It was more
the fact that the County Clerk was con
fronted by his former friends as accusers
and that he was determined to threaten
them with the past in return for their
present charges that aroused interest.
The present condition of affairs is due
to the extreme bitterness that exists be
tween the factions in Alameda County,
and the high pitch of nervous excitement
to which the political managers have been
brought !n the last few weeks.
But bereft of its personal nature, the
matter simmers- down to the use of the
County Clerk's office for private political
ends. County Clerk Jordan took refuge
behind the statement that neither his acts
of two years ago for Victor H. Metcalf
nor his acts of the present year for Hen
ry P. Dalton were criminal, and his main
excuse was that whatever he did for one
6lde he had offered to do for j.he other
side.
Mr. Jordan was very particular to state
yesterday, and he Is very particular to
state to-day, that when he began the is
suance of the certificates for the Metcalf
managers two years ago he went to the
Hilborn managers and offered them the
6ame opportunity of issuing certltlcates,
but in the opinion of Mr. Jordan "Mr.
Hllborn's managers were not quite as
smooth as those of Mr. Metcalf."
The statements made by • County
Clerk Jordan were not particularly
new. but It \*as the way In
which they were made and the con
ditions under which they were uttered
that made them of interest. The whole
matter was thrashed out a year and a
half ago. very shortly after Victor H.
Metcalf had been elected to Congress and
Frank C. Jordan had been elected County-
Clerk.
OAKLAND. Aug. 7. — County Clerk
Frank C. Jordan has succeeded in
turning the attention of the people
j of Alameda County from the Con
gressional contest to himself for a few
brief moments. By his actions of the last
few weeks and his statements before the
Board of Supervisors yesterday Jordan
has drawn attention to the manner in
which a County Clerk's office may be
used In doing politics.
STYLE OF NOTICES SENT OUT TO HELP DALTON'S
POLITICAL FIGHT.
While Out at Ocean Beach Photo
graphing the Life Saving Crew
She Is Overcome by
the Breakers.
Miss Rose Tompkins, a teacher in the
Hawthorne Primary School, died yester
day morning in the Receiving Hospital
ambulance while being removed from the
ocean beach for treatment.
Miss Tompkins left her home at 1000
Van Ness avenue early yesterday morn
ing, saying she was going to the beach
to got a picture of the life-saving crew.
That was the last Miss Tompkins' aged
mother saw of .her until she heard of
her sudden demise, all the particulars of
which were given by the life-savers.
From the facts gleaned from the llfe
pavinpr crew it would appear that the in
structress, Intent on securing a good pic
ture and heedless of her surroundings,
was overtaken by the rolling surf and
knocked down. The water swept over
her and left her wet and dripplner and
prone upon the sands. The shock was
apparently too great for the weakened
condition of Miss Tompkins" heart, and
being unable to rise, another breaker
rushing in carried the unfortunate woman
out to sea. , .
The life-saving crew saw tne wave
strike Miss Tompkins and rushed to her
rescue. Willing hands carried her out of
the water and conveyed her to a point
far up on the beach. However, as the
lady was unconscious and all the usual
restoratives failed to bring her to. an am
bulance was hastily summoned. While
being- conveyed to the Receiving Hospi
tal Miss Tompkins passed away.
Miss Tompkins had been a valued mem
ber of the school department since 1S81.
She leaves a mother past S3 years of age
and a sister, Mrs. Llllie Lehmann, now
in Germany. When the awful news of
Miss Tompkins' death was broken to her
aged mother the poor old lady became
hysterical and the worst results are
feared.
Miss Tompkins is the daughter of the
late Judge Tompkins and numbered
among her friends some of the most
prominent families of the State. She was
a schoolmate of Lady Hesketh. formerly
Flora Sharon, and the warmest relations
are known to have existed between them.
The late teacher's mother is a wealthy
woman and her sister. Mrs. I^ehmann. Is
a woman of vast means. Miss Tomp
kins, however, desired to be independent
and chose teaching as a means to that
end. She was about 45 years of age.
Miss Rose Tompkins of Haw
thorne School Overcome
by Heart Failure.
SCHOOL TEACHER
ANSWERS DEATH'S
SUDDEN SUMMONS
Her Husband Had Separated From
Her Because 'of Her Dissipated
Irife.
The body of the woman found dead on
the operating table cf the clinic at 155 New
Montgomery street Monday evening was
Identified at the Morg-ue yesterday by
James Murphy as that of Mre. Annie
Murphy, his wife, who resided at 29 Eddy
ttrcft. Murphy Is a hostler, employed at
the Presidio.
The woman went to the clinic to be op
erated uj>un and died on the operating
table from the t-ffects of the chloroform
administered. The autopsy by Morgue
fcurfTt-on Leland showed that Mrs. Murphy
fcaxi a weak heart and that the anesthetic
ehouid not have been administered to her.
Coroner Cole has set to-morrow mornlna
as the date lor the inquest. He said yes
terday that the physicians attending the
clinic had committed an act of impro
priety in deserting the body and making
no explanation to the Morgue deputies,
iind that he would make a thorouglTin
vestipation of the affair in order that h©
rniEht be enabled to where the
blame lay.
Murphy was obliged to separate from
his wife several months ago because of
her dirsljiated way of living and she en
tered u;x'n a dissolute career.
L»r. Samuel J. Hunkln states that he
\ra<" oa!li<1 In about half an hour after the
woman <!!< <i by some doctors whom he
did not know. lie assisted for about
twentv minutes in trying to resuscitate
Mrs. SXcrphjt
MRS. ANNIE MURPHY
THE CLINIC VICTIM
The Gems Were Valued at $30OO and
Were Carried Next the (hraer's
Eody— Detactives Working
on the Case.
?
Mrs. E. Pratt, mother-in-law of Dr.
James W*. Keener, has lost a small linen
bag containing 53000 worth of Jewelry and
about SUB or $14C In p-old. and in conse
quence every member of the Corona's
crer.- is in deep tribulation. Mrs. Pratt
eays she left her valuables in eta,teroom
2C on the steamer, but a full Tore© of de
tectives and policemen has failed to find
any trace of the diamonds or money. The
cabin boys have all bfen subjected to the
Ignominy of being searched and the
ete^mer has been ransacked from end to
«nd. but no trace of the money or jewels
can be found.
Mrs. Pratt and her son left for home on
the Corona laet Sunday. They had been
ependlng a short vacation In the 6outh
hr.d tooK the Coror.a at San Diego to come
back to San Krancisco. Around her waist
ami nest her body Mrs. Pratt wore a
small linen bas attached to a piece of or
clnary tape. Ihe bag is said to have con
tained ISCmO worm oi diamonds and more
than 1100 in co:n. Tne bag was never re
moved from her person, but nevertheless
when the lady reached the Hotel Ploasan
ton It v.-ae gone.
The fact of the Io6s was speedily made
known to Dr. Kc-eney and he at once in
voked the aid of the entire police force.
Detective W'hittaktr was pent poet haste
to' Broadway wharf, but on his arrival
there he round the Corona had been
moved to the seawall. AVhluaker was
Joined by O.Hcer J. T. Edncr and they
hurried to the seawall only to tind that
the cabins had all been torn to pieces. A
vigorous jsearch vas made and every nook
and corner In the vessel was searched,
but r.ot a trace of the jewels could be
found.
Captain T. "Wallace, superintendent of
the Paciflc Cnr.st Steamship Company,
thinks Mrs. Prait lrst hor Jewels on the
way home. He says the boy who took
care of her room ha-« been known to him
lor fifteen years and that he is as honest
as the day is lor.gr. Detective Whittakfr
hns a clew and Is very mysterious, while
Officer Kinor U certain he will locate the
mining diamonds and earn much fame.
In tbe meantime Mrs. Pratt Is mourning
the loss of her treasure and Dr. Keeney Is
Invoking the aid of ex-Police Commission
Alvord in order to make the detectives
and police work overtime in order to dis
cover the whc-rcabnuis of the little linen
bag and Its contents.
Mrs- Pratt's Diamonds and
Gold Pieces Mysteriously
Disappear.
SAYS SHE LOST
HER JEWELS ON
STEAMER CORONA
The will bears date of September 13.
1S9S. and is witnessed by H. I,. King. 414
California street, notary public: George
T. Knox and A. Wolf of this city.
Henry A. and I>aura Voorman and H. L.
E. Myer, the executors, appeared in Judge
Coffey's court yesterday morning and re
quested that special letters of adminis
tration be issued to Henry A. Voorman.
These letters were made necessary, it
was represented, because of an Important
contract that was to mature within a few
weeks. The letters were granted and M.r.
Voorman was placed under $50,000 bonds.
His sureties are Mrs. Alice Tilden and
Mrs. Viola V. Willett.
The balance of the estate, after deduct
ing that to be paid to the housekeeper, is
equally divided among the children and
frandchildren of the decedent. Henry A.,
da and Laura Voorman are to receive
one-sixth of the estate; Viola AVlllett,
wife of W. M. Wlllett. Is to receive one
sixth, less $15,000. which has already been
paid her; Alice Tilden, wife of II. O. Til
den, is to receive one-sixth, less $13,000.
which has alreadv been paid her; and the
grandchildren, Henrietta Dubols and
Henry Dubols, are to receive one-twelfth.
Henry Dubols' share is to be held by the
executors in trust, the bequest to be re
ceived when he arrives at the age of 31
years. In the meantime he shall be paid
the Income derived from his share.
The total value of the estate cannot be
learned until the liabilities have been ac
counted for. It is said to be in the neigh
borhood of $500,000. The estate consists of
large real estate holdings in various sec
tions of the State, stocks, bonds, cash in
bank and a number of minor personal se
curities.
A peculiar feature of the will of the late
Henry Voorman, filed yesterday for pro
bate by Attorneys Lloyd & Wood, is
that no mention whatever Is made of Mr.
Voorman's wife. It reems she has been in
a sanitarium for a number of years. The
children have looked after their mother
and have seen that she received good
care. No provision, however, was made
by Mr. Voorman for assisting his sick
wife; In fact, her name is not once re
ferred to in the will. To his housekeeper,
Mrs. L. G. Beckford, he bequeathed the
sum of $10,000 '"for her faithfulness, care
and attention." Mrs. Beckford has been
with the family a great number of years,
nursing ail the children In their infancy.
The Balance of the Estate, Which Is
Estimated to Be Worth $5OO,
000, Goes to His Chil
dren.
He Bequeaths $10,000 to His
Housekeeper, Mrs. L
Gr. Beckford.
WIFE FORGOTTEN
IN THE WILL OF
HENRY VOORMAN
Official Will Keep
on Sending Out
Dalton Cards
and Will Fight
if He Has To.
Statement That
Wrong Was
DonetoAidMet
calf Nusbaum
erSays Is False
CLERK JORDAN SAYS MATTERS
HAD TO REACH HEAD SOMETIME
TIIK SAN FRAMCIbCO CALL, WED^E^i)Al r , ALGIST 8, liKJO.
12
EMPLOYES OF COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE BUSILY ENGAGED IN MAILING
POLITICAL DOCUMENTS.
Ladles' tailor-made . suits, silk - skirts. fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 626 Sutter. •
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Fidelity 1 Casualty
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1S99. and for the year enrMnsj on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections «10 and 811 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 130.000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Kstate owned by Company 663,139 34
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,370.529 M
Cash ln Company's Office IS.«39 01
Cash In Panics 109.810 47
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* J.3W 59
Premiums In due Course of Collection 338..WO 15
Rents due and accrued 1,5(3 71
Reserve reinsurance deposit 22.197 45
Total Avwts S3,440.«53 78
LIABILITIES.
Lnyses In process of Adjustment or In '
Suspense fl92.SS7 37
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 504.3S5 7*
Groys premiums on Risk*, run-
ning one year or less, $— — ; rein-
surance CO per cent 1.53,332 84
Gross premiums on Risks, run-
ning more than one year, $ — • ; ¦
reinsurance pro rata 206,957 41
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
«tc 2S.M8M
Total XJabilltle. .J3.4S2.199 94
•INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,431,814 40
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 85.434 59
Received for Rents 53.313 71
Received from all other sources 14.736 23
Total Income .S3.S91.33S M
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing S , losses of previous
years) $1,597,890 TO
Dividends to StockSolders 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 812.330 38
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 21S.104 41
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 89.rtl? 93
All other payments and expenditures 443.739 0% ?
Total Expenditures S3.318.0ft3 80
Losses Incurred during the year 11.331. 743 53
CEO. F. SEWARD. President.
IIENRT CROSSLKT. Acting Sec*y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thto *7t!i
day of March. 1900.
GEO. W. VARIAN. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C PARDEE,
Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
«_ .CNICHMTCR'S CNCUSH
FgNYROyflL^LLS
D*./ **» a \»AFE. <!•¦« ratnbla. ' »ill«y. ask Diiml—
> rti$V& " T CmCUESTEK'S KJGIjSh
f-K*? tJ<~S\ lo UEI> ud Cold mttiUlo ban* naiad
G^Liwi.lth »:m ribbon. T»ke no other. Refi.«
¦M *N» WJ I>a«««ro«a «-«b.ilt»Uoo« ».d I m tt».
I"/ "~ (n tl«"«- Bay »f 7»«r Dro CT u«. or ¦rad -4«. t,
\V f? " <1 ~ Relief r.rL«<Jle».»fc.l«««r.b7^J:
\ L' tnni Mail 1 0.OOO TnUaoalai*. SoMD»
> -T «n Druulm. Caleaeiter Cheailml C«l
Kntloa thil piper. UadU.a Bqcare. 1*11 1 LA.. p£ ,
IA/. T. HESS,
K0TART PCJii: AND JLTT0KNSY-AT-UW,
Tcntii Floor. Room 1013. £iaus Spreckel» Bljr
Telephone Brown SU.
' Residence. S21 CaiUonU* »t.. b«low t*o*uL
£*n Fimncueo. ~
Our Mail Order Department is most complete.
All orders for samples' or goods filled and
shipped the same dau theu are received.
Ill, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
NEW COLORED SILK POPLINS, NEW NOV-
ELTY SILKS, NEW SILK CREPE DE CHENE,
both colored and Mack; NEW BLACK AND
COLORED SILK VELVETS, both Danne and
plain; NEW COLORED AND BLACK SILK
TAFFETAS, NEW GOLF SKIRTINGS, NEW
ENGLISH AND FRENCH CLOTHS, NEW
FANCY FLANNELS, NEW NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS, NEW BLACK GOODS, NEW RIB-
BONS, NEW LACES, NEW HOSIERY AND
UNDERWEAR.
During the past week we have re-
ceived large quantities of goods for
our different departments and will
have on sale this week the following
New Goods,
OPENING
ADVERTISEMENTS
PROSPECTIVE
FURNITURE AND
CARPET BUYERS
WHI learn something to their advan-
tage by giving us an early call.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
1 Free Delivery Within 100 Miles. "
SPECIAL Wednesday and Thursday.
5% OFF"
?a n . e °. U ofG ROCERIES
LIQUORS AND CIGARS.
Tik» Idrtntag* of This Opportunity
DUFFY'S Pure Malt WHISKEY 75c
ROYAL Baking Powdar, Mb can 40c
1348-1354 MARKET STREET
Opp. 7th. Phone S. 292. y o Branch Stores.
4-Room FiirnRure
FOR $9<§ 0
P «"rS Vt P " Ce " Otk or M »*°*»ny Uphol-
D l N oi V k G 6ha1rl M - 1 H^ooa Exteialon TaW.
1 ' 1 Pateat Tabla - > N °- * ator^'a
No extra charw on credit.
— MAKE YOTin OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 -Stockton St.- Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Till IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT.KOLD
-¦. MpertainteMrM Private. Nervous, aud Blood Uto-
enses oi ileu nnly. Book on Private Dlseaws and
« Palenesses ot Men.free. Over ZOy'rsi' experience.
r^'fits curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
toSdally ;&30 to 8:30 e V '**. Stindars, 10 to 12. Consul-
UUoo tree and xacredly confidential. Call.oriMMress
o.,, P ;- UOSCOK 31« < XUI.TY. JI.W. •
_~1 I * earn y ***•• **»» *'ranclj»eo, Cal.
¦ / Valises checked free.
L Buy a Columbia Zither — learn
I to play it by practicing diligently
I for a -week or so, and you can get
I more self-enjoyment out of it
I quicker than from any other in-
¦ Etrumeru because it is so simple —
I so easily learned. We say, buy a
I OoBumbia Zither
¦ because it is the most simple,
I durable and sweetest toned
¦ zither to be had.
| Prices $2.50 to $7.50.
I Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
f- Picrjo and A'iusic House.
I Cor. Keamy and fiutter Eta.. S. F.
g Cor. l-th and Broadway. ¦ Oakland.