KANSAS CITY. July 2.— Senator Teller
of Colorado was among to-day's arrival?.
He comes to attend the Silver Republican
Convention,, and probably will preside
over its proceedings.. Asked if he thought
the Democratic convention should makt
a specific declaration for the free coinage
of silver at the ratio of 15 to 1, he replied:
"Most 'emphatically I reply that such a
declaration should be made. The demand
for a simple reafflrmatlon of the Chicago
platform.' without other reference to
financial questions, comes from the goM
Democrats, who did not support Bryan In
1SSS. and it Is somewhat doubtful whethe
some who insist upon the pursuance of
this course will support him in 10u>> In
many States west of the Alleghenies thera
are thousands of voters who will support
Bryan and the Democratic party on ac
count of their position on the financial
question. These people believe in the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1
and they will regard a simple reafflrma
tion of the Chicago declaration as an at
tempt to minimize the silver question a*
presented in the Chicago platform. They
will not believe that such an omission is
insisted upon by the gold standard Dem
ocrats for any other purpose than to maka
it appear that the contention for free
silver coinage at 16 to 1 has been aban
doned by the Democratic party. Such 1^
undoubtedly the purpose of the gold ad.
vocates."
Declares a Retreat on the Sli
ver Issue .Would Mean
Utter Defeat.
TELLER'S ADVICE TO
THE DEMOCRACY
KANSaF CITY, July 2.— This is a copy of a message Bent by
Mr. Bryan to-day which, whipped all the veteran party lead
ers into line: -<^.:
"If by any chance the committee on resolutions decides to re
port a platform in which there is not a silver plank there must be
a minority report and a fight on the floor of the convention. I
will come to Kansas City on the fastest train available, make a
fight for silver on the floor of the convention, and then decline to
take the nomination if the convention omits the ratio. This is
final.''
This is substantially the silver plank Bryan has drafted for
the platform. It -was the plank read to Hill: "We hereby reaf
firm the platform adopted by the Democratic National Convention
at Chicago in 1896 as a whole and in all its integral parts, and
declare fcr the free and unlimited coinage of silver, without the
aid or conse-.it of any other nation, at the ratio of 16 to 1. W©
demand that the standard silver dollar shall be full legal tender
equally with pold for all dtbts public and private, and we favor
such legislation as will prevent for the future the demonetiza
tion cf any kind of legal tender money by private contracts. We
are opposed to the policy and practice of surrendering to holders
of obligations the United States option reserved by law to the
Government of redeeming such obligations either in silver or
gold."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANSAS CITY. July :.-Il!chard j
Croker to-day plunged tJ> Vice j
K Presidential situation into still j
greater confusion by derlariri* j n j
favor of Lewis Nixon for Vice |
President. Ke did not do so until he be- j
came certain that Hill favored Elliott i
Dlnforth. A<= soon as he heard that Hill (
'vas introducing Dacfoith to delegates as
h!* choice for second p!ace Croker came
U»« fcr Nixon, who i.* a former naval con-
Firurtor and an East River bridge com
rr.isslonor under Tammany. This makes
a test ess* of Ftrenyth between Hill and
Ciokf-r in the New York delegation un
avoidable and Croker may even no so
far a? to attempt to keep Hi!! ofT the com
mittee oa resolutions.
Hill <-arse tack from his visit to Bryan j
with a prodigious flea in his ear. Bryan
refused absolutely to make a single con
cession rt-parding the financial plank. It
roust Yrf- If, to 1 with bells on it. He Is i
more than ever determined that the actual |
convention fhall be held on his front
porch in Lincoln. He is even now attempt- j
lr.g to dictate tL candidate for Vice IVesJ- j
dent. He is talking about Towne and |
tbout Sulzer.
They Pleaded in Vain. \
M. F. Dunlap of Illinois and James E. j
K<rr of Pennsylvania, who were sent post j
¦haste to Lincoln, have also returned. They I
Wfcnt to plead with Mr. Bryan to aban- '
Gen "15 to 1" sr.d utterly failed. They I
wore also Instructed to request Mr. Bryan i
to at least remain passive and permit the )
convention to exercise its Judgment, but i
lr this they failed, too. The Call cor
respondent Is informed by the highest !
possible aushcrity that should the com
mittee on resc!utions report a platform
tfc&i docs not. contain a specific lndorse-
mer.t of the 16 to 1 ratio Mr. Bryan will
come from Lincoln on a special train and
conduct the fight In favor of free silver
in person or on the floor of the conven
tion, and there is equally good authority
for the statement that Bryan will abso
lutely decline to abide by the decision of
the committee on resolutions should It be
unfavorable to his views. He has Insist
ed In a most emphatic manner that should
the conservatives hurry the committee
a minority report embodying h!.« pet linan
fial plank shalf be presented to the con
vention.
Implored to Quit Dictating.
Messages are now pouring 5n on him
, from friends here beseeching him to keep,
! away from Kansas City, to cease to b».
dictator and to permit the convention,
which is poing to confer upon him the
great honor of renominatlon by acclama
tion, to act for the best interests of the
Democratic party.
In some quarters there is a suspicion
that much of this contention over the
platform is an Indian trick calculated to
deceive the public. It is difficult to un
derstand why Mr. Bryan should diametri
cally differ from all of his friends and ad
visers, except George Fred Williams of
Massachusetts and Democrats and Silver
Republicans from the silver States. The
men who have been on confidential terms
with him for four years are, almost with
out exception, declaring that the party. is
bound to be defeated, and more disas
trously than In 1S96, if the silver issue is
put to the front.
Bryan practically stands alone In the
position that the party must again fight
/or free silver. It Is a Quixotic charging
of windmills. Many Democrats are ready
to believe that it Is a fake fight; that the
platform will be modified to suit. the views
Continued on Second Page.
KANSAS CITY, July 2.— Again are
the political clouds gathering.
The storm center Is at Lincoln.
The Pikes Peak of Democracy Is
located there. Whatever storms
may arise will beat against the peak in
vain. Hill's mission has failed. He has
"nc-3rd Bryan's ultimatum, and no agree
ment has been reached. Hill and others
argued that reafflrmatlon would not be a
new feature in a Democratic political con
vention. Precedents for such action were
furnished. The convention that nominat
ed James K. Polk and George M. Dallas
in Baltimore on May 2S. 1S44, reaffirmed
the nine planks of the platform of 1S40,
and added three planks covering new Is
sues. The convention that nominated
Lewis Cass and William A. Butler at Bal
timore on May 25, 1S48, reaffirmed seven
planks of the 1S44 platform, amended an
other plank and added eleven new planks,
the outgrowth of the war with Mexico
and of new domestic issues. The conven
tion that nominated Frank Pierce and
William R. King at Baltimore on June 3,
1S32. reaffirmed nine planks of the plat
form of 1£4S and added eleven planks em
bodying fresh political Issues. Mr. Bryan
smiled when these precedents were quot
' ed, but stood as firm as a rock, yielding
not an inch, and insisting upon the in
sertion of a specific plank declaring anew
the ratio of 16 to 1.
Very Picturesque Scene.
David B. Hill is the only man, aside
from Bryan, who can tell what occurred
in the conference between them. The
scene must certainly have been very pic
turesque. The shrewd politician, with
faculties sharpened by years of practice
and experience, came into contact with ft
man of . adamantine character. Bryan
showed Hill the typewritten pages of his
platform. The first four resolutions cov/
rred new Issues, such as imperialism ana
trusts. Then followed a reafflrmatlon of
the Chicago platform and a specific reso
lution making free silver the issue at the
ratio of 16 to 1. It Is terse, clear and de
fiant. The arguments of the wily New
Yorker against It had no more effect; than
a cloud of "thistle; down blown against
a 'rock. All questions! of policy were bu
rled under the intense convictions -' of
Bryan.
Hill came out with drooping ' featherx.
He went straight to bed, giving r no ¦Inti
mation of what had occurred at the in
terview. He always wears a thinking cap,
and -he needed It at* this time, more 'than
ever. He probably .wasted .very.' few hours
Friends on the Alert.
: Bryan's ; friends, are on the alert -and
they' .will ' see" to it that there will ' be no
The attitude of ; Croker is unquestioned.
Ho is an avowed and an ardent supporter
of Bryan and: will, willingly :; accept ' any
platform that comes from his hands. ,
The wiseacres thought that they could
enhance the chances of Democratic suc
cess;, by: presenting • a. hermaphrodite
ticket.' There. was no popular response to
the proposal and It was undoubtedly dis
tasteful to both Bryan and Hill: Nor is
it probable that the New York delegation
will elect Hill as its representative on the
committee on resolutions. . Such selection
would give the exrGovernor an opporf
tunlty for a ' spectacular display. Jn the
convention. lie can undoubtedly secure
a hearing' on • recognition from the chair
without claiming It as. a member of the
committee on resolutions. [¦;.:".
He gave no Indication as to what he
should do if the situation did not change.
His friends had declared that if he failed
to bring Bryan to his way of thinking he
would dc anything that Bryan wanted.
Upon arriving: at Kansas City his face
changed. It had been despondent. To
newspaper friends he laughed in a per
functory way and began telling stories
which he seemed to think were funny.
They fell upon paralyzed tympanums.
What Hill will do no man can tell. His
most intimate friends are utterly at sea.
His resources are unknown and he has
certainly reached a crisis in his new politi
cal life. Some fancy he will make trouble
in the convention and others predict Jie
will accept the ultimatum of Bryan and do
whatever he can to carry out his wishes.
How he can make trouble in the conven
tion without being selected as the repre
sentative of-the New York delegation on
the committee on resolutions it is difficult
to see.. At all evenls, he is entirely elimi
nated as a candidate for Vice ! President.
Indeed, "he never really was a candidate.
All the talk was created by political wise
acres misled by j one* of -Norman Mack's
jokes. ¦ ;
Hill's Face Changes.
"Well," ' he replied in response ¦ to a
question, "it isn't settled yet— not yet. I've
got him thinking. I've got him thinking.
We shall Bee, we shall see."
In sleep. At 5 o'clock in the morning he
boarded the train on the return trip. Hill
apparently could not realize that Bryan
had rirmly made up his mind as to the
course to pursue. This was evidenced by
a remark which fell from his lips.
Delegations from Missouri, Indiana and
other States have , called upon ' Mr.' Orbker
and ; It looks as though : alliances offensive
and 'defensive were being made. Nothlnsr
Mr. Croker's face was sphinxllke at the
mention of the doctor's name. He simply
said ho had not a candidate to present
f or _ the Vice Presidency and ; should be
governed in a great measure by the wishes
of Mr. Bryan. "
Croker Is With Bryan.
The fight for the nomination for Vice
President remains unchanged. It becomes
Interesting, however, by the arrival of
Henry George Jr. and the famed Dr. John
H. Girdner of New York. Dr. Glrdner has
light complexion, gray eyes, brown hair
and the muscles of an athlete. He Is a
close friend to Bryan and is in his full
confidence. - Had the New York Democ
racy shown any disposition to put up a
fight against Bryan's nomination a con
testing delegation, would have appeared
at the National Convention headed by
John Brisben Walker, Dr. John H. Uird
ner and Henry George Jr. When visiting
New York Bryan is always a welcome
guest at Dr. Girdner's house. Indeed.
Bryan is reported to have once said that
it was the only brownstone front In the
city in which. he felt' perfectly at home.
On his arrival here this morning the.doc
tor went to the rooms of the National
Committee, where he had a close confer
ence 1 with Senator Jones of Arkansas and
ex-Governor John' T. Altgeld of Illinois.
He next visited the Midland Hotel, seek
ing an interview with Mr. Croker. An
hour afterward -It was whispered that
the doctor was seeking the nomination for
Vice President. His interview with <^lo
nel Bryan added strength to the ru%Dr.
When, questioned he would neither deny
nor affirm it. He admitted he came
straight from New York without visiting
Lincoln, but added that interesting con
versations with Mr. Bryan might be had
at any time by long distance telephone.
The Xew York delegation meets to-mor
row to select Its members on the commit
tee. Everything indicates that Hill will
be left off the programme and the member
of the new Democratic National Commit
tee will be a stanch friend of Tammany
monkeying with the platform embodying
his views and that it wilt be presented to
the convention as the genuine work of the
committee on resolutions. There will be
nothing uncertain about it. It will be
plain, direct and to the point, without the
use of words of double meaning.
by Amos GummiNGS.
The Shrewd Ex-Governor of New York Could Not
Convince the Rourijon Standard-Bearer That
Reaffirmation Would Not Be a New Feature
in a Democratic Political Convention.
BRYAN THREATENED TO
WITHDRAW FROM RACE
: Champ 'Clark,'" hailing from, the county
rendered famous by the birth of Joe Bow
ers, is a conspicuous character here. He
has just returned from a tour in the West
with Congressman -^andl3 of Indiana.
There was. a characteristic Kansas City
scene early this afternoon. The Clark del
egation from . Montana entered the city
like a delegation of conquering heroes.
There were over fifty carriages in line,
preceded by the Montana band. This' troop
of musicians is said to be Matcus Daly's
band, engaged by Senator Clark at a spe
cial rate. . The ; procession . was received
by an immense .crowd at the Midland
Hotel. Senator Clark, who was riding In
a carriage at the head. of. the line, made a
speech to the multitude, which was re
ceived with much applause and greater
curiosity. Among the listeners on the side
walk was Martin Maginnls. who is now
contesting Clark's new claim to a seat In
the United States Senate.
James Hamilton Lewis is ubiquitous. He
appears at all hotels at the same time and
is a political Cagliostrq. Exquisitely po
lite, dressed in unexceptional taste and a
paragon intellectually, he attracts atten
tion wherever he goes. Another alleged
candidate is Elliott Danforth. There ,1s a
faraway look in his eye when addressed
concerning the matter, and he attempts
witticisms betraying apparently the secret
of his aspirations. Augustus Van Wyck
attracts attention. He is lnvariaby sur
rounded by a group of Southerners, who
claim him as one of themselves". The most
confident of all aspirants, however. Is Mr.
Sulzer. Colonel Feigl, the editor of Tam
many's official crgan, and scores of hench
men are proclaiming his virtues on every
corner and housetop. Sulzer Is convinced
that the nomination lies between himself
and Towne. Singular as it may seem. Dr.
Glrdner fancies that the selection lies be
tween Towne and himself. In fact, almost
every, candidate apparently imagines him
self sure of the nomination If Mr. Towne
falls to secure It.
Montanans March In. -
definite, however, will be known until
after the meeting of the New York dele
gation to-morrow. The Pennsylvanians
are evidently annoyed at the attitude of
Mr. Croker. They seem to be steeped In
admiration of Hill and are ardently sup
porting the movement toward nominating
him lcr Vice President.
They made political speeches from tha
same platform and divided the proceeds.
Clark said he netted over $500 in the past
•week. "On the 8th of July," he continued,
"I shall start on a tour with Jonathan P.
Dolllver of Iowa. Dolllver takes the Re
publican end of the stick and I handle the
Democratic end. These Joint debates stir
people to the core. They flock to them
as though they were going to a circus.
Dolllver, you know. Is really the most elo-
Quent talker. He soars Into the clouds,
and I catch him by the tall feathers and
yank him back to terra firma. It's a great
show and there's lots of money in It."
BOSS CROKER PRESENTS
VIEWS OF TAMMANY
mjt ANSAS CITY, July 2.— "I wish to correct the Impression
JL*W that Tammany is fightirg: against the insertion of a sil
ver plank in the Democratic platform," said- Richard Croker to
night. "This is not so, and it is a point on which I and the
¦whole organization have been more misrepresented and misunder
stood than on any other. I believe and have frequently stated, that
a more conservative stand on this question would be much more to
the interests of the party, not only in New York, but all over the
country. But mark this, if it can be shown by caucuses of differ
ent State delegations and before the National Convention that it is
the belief of the majority of the party that the insertion of a 16
to 1 plank in the platform would bring more votes to the Demo
cratic ticket throughout the West, in doubtful States, and the coun
try at largs, in fact, outside of New York, than it would lose to
the party in New York, then Tammany will yield cheerfully."
HILL'S FAILURE TO CHANGE
THE ATTITUDE OF BRYAN
If the Committee on Resolutions Reports a Platform That Does" Not Contain a Specific Indorsement of
"16 to 1" the' Democratic Dictator Will Speed to Kansas City and Make a Personal
Fight on the Floor of the Convention — Croker and Hill at War, and
¦ the Vice Presidential Struggle Is Yet in the Air.
BRYAN DETERMINED TO JAM FREE SILVER
DOWN THE THROATS OF THE DELEGATES
VOLUME LXXXVIII— XO. 33;
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
D. B. HILL. B. A. PATTISON. WILLIAM SULZER. B. F. SHIVELEY. CHAELES A. TOWNE.
a PROMINENT POLITICIANS IIN THE R/\GE FXDR THE VICE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.of an overwhelming majority of the con
vention, and that Bryari will then acqui
esce with as good grace as possible. He
will then be able to say to the silver
champions who have- fallen outside the
breastworks: "I did everything I could to
put the bells on the silver plank. Vota
for me for my heart is true."
Platform and Vice Presidency.
All day long the platform question and
Vice Presidency have gone hand in hand.
The convention Is overwhelmingly in fa
vor of dropping free silver out of. the
back window and seems to favor taking
a candidate for Vice President frorn New
York. "Any man New York wants" is the
favorite expression heard. If the platform
( is not modified Bryan can name any can
didate he wants, and his choice, is Towne.
Shiveley .declared to the Indiana dele
gates to-day that it would be Impossible
for him to run. They took him at his
word and Shiveley's name will be
mentioned again. Of- course there is a
large number of Vice Presidential possi
bilities, but, as predicted in The Call, the
field has narrowed down to a New York
man or Charles A. Towne. Towne will,
be nominated if Bryan has his way. OC
course, there is always the possibility of
Hill's nomination by stampede. He is
still the Roosevelt of.tU© convention.
Majority in Opposition.
From innermost national committee cir
cles it was learned to-night that a care
ful canvass of the delegates was com
pleted to-day. This canvass shows that
more than two-thirds of the delegates are
strongly opposed to the reiteration of the
free silver ratio of 16 to 1. They are will
ing to accept a reafflrmation. but do not
wish to go further. Moreover t far more
than a majority of the delegates assert
with much assurance that neither Mr.
Bryan nor any other man can so far dic
tate to them as to compel them to accept
a reiteration of the free silver plank. They
hope to win next November, and believe
that It cannot be done unless conservat
ism rules the committee on" resolutions.
Senator Jones, chairman of the national
committee, who is himself a firm believer
in the free coinage of silver, and who is
one of the stanchest friends of Mr.
Bryan, is convinced that the latter will
make the mistake of his life if he under
takes to force radical free silveripm upon
the convention. Senator Jones has com
municated his views to Bryan.
Towne or a New Yorker.
Late to-night there is an interesting 1 re
port in circulation, and finds many be
lievers, to the effect that Bryan has tele
phoned Chairman Jones that he is In
honor bound to stick to free silver, but
that If the convention sees fit to modify
the silver plank he can not help It, an.l
in that caee would prefer some New York
man as his running mate. However, if
the convention declares for 18 to 1 he
hopes Towne will be nominated.
The New>york delegates are confident
the convention is averse to the 16 to 1 dec
laration, and they are sharpening their
knives preparatory to a terrific fight be
tween Hill and Croker. If the personal
choice of neither Hill nor Croker 6eems
likely to be nominated, and a stampede to
Hill is in prospect Croker will undoubt
edly make a^n , appeal to Bryan to stop
the Hill boom, for Croker has been loyal
to Bryan. To-night there is a prevailing
belief that the Croker-Hill factional
strife will eliminate New York from the
contest. -It is argued that the convention
will never . stampede to Hill when It ' Is
known that Croker and powerful : Tam
many Hall have their knives out for him.
•¦ To sum up the situation, .there are Vice
Presidential booms big , and little,, with
Towne or a New York . man among
the ¦ probabilities. The j revolt against . "16
to IV threatens Towne's once bright pros
pects, while New -York's factional differ
ences will probably eliminate that "State.
BRYAN- DETERMINED TO
JAM FREE SILVfR DOWN
TIE DELEGATE THROATS
Continued From First Page,
KANSAS CITY, July 2.— The National
Democratic Committee held its first ses
sion to-day, but did little business beyond
appointing sub-committees to hear the
contests from Montana, Oklahoma, In
dian Territory and the District of Colum
bia. All these sub-committees except that
dealing with the District of Columbia con
test heard arguments to-day, some of
them reaching conclusions and others
postponing action until to-morrow.
Special attention was -given to the Mon
tana case. The members of the sub-com
mittee say no conclusion was arrived at,
-but the friends of Senator Clark claim
that a majority of the sub-committee de
clared for the seating of the delegation
bearing the Senator's name.
The District of Columbia contest will bo
heard to-morrow and all the sub-commit
tees will make the reports to the full com
mittee during the day. The committee
postponed action upon the selection of a
temporary chairman until to-morrow.
The Montana case turned upon the right
of the chairman of the State Central
Committee to fill vacancies on the com
mittee. Mr. Cockrell. a Daly man, held
the position of chairman, and attempted
to fill these vacancies. The Clark mem
bers of the committee objected to this
proceeding, and Mr. Corbett insisted that
the committee should have been allowed
to fill the vacancies. ¦, It was upon this
point and for this reason ' Mr. Cockrell
was deposed by , committeemen> from
fourteen.;of the-, twenty-four counties of
the State. Mr. Corbett also contended
that nineteen of the twenty-four counties
of the State were represented in the Clark
convention, and that a majority of the
uncontested delegates sat in this conven.
tion. He said that no place in Butte had
been designated in which the convention
should be held, so that one place was as
regular as another.
Mr. Corbett asserted this was not a con,
test between Clark and Daly, but a con
test between the people and the copper
trust, which was attempting to control
the political affairs of the State.
Governor Smith devoted his argument
largely to showing that the practice In
the State was favorable- to permitting th\
State chairman to nil vacancies. ThU
practice had prevailed for twenty years,
and he asserted that- no objection had
been made to the appointments wher»
Clark men had been selected to fill the
vacancies. The State convention was held
at a place selected by the committee hav.
ing that matter In charge and there was
no misunderstanding on this point at the
time. Governor Smith arpued at length
for recognition of the practice of the State
as the controlling factor in settling the
controversy over the tilling of vacancies
In the State committee.
The sub-committee adjourned without
reaching a final decision. It is understooo
the committee stands 2 and 2 for and
against Ciark and one undecided.
CONTESTS HEARD BY
SUB-COMMITTEES
"I am no candidate. I do not think the
convention will play any favorites. I am
in favor of nominating an. Eastern man.
and I believe one will be nominated. It
would be discourteous of me to say I
would not accept the nomination if it
were offered me. I do not think my name
will go before the convention."
CHICAGO, July 2.— Regarding the Vice
Presidential situation Mayor Harrison
made the following statement before leav
ing for Kansas City this afternoon:
Harrison Not a Candidate.
Mr. Towne profited materially during
the day through the active work of the
Nebraska delegation, which came in
wearing "Bryan and Towne" badges.
When James C. Dahlman, the next na
tional commit teeman from Nebraska and
a close friend of Mr. Bryan, was asked if
this meant that Mr. Bryan was for
Towne, he said: "I have talked with Mr.
The Danforth movement took on some
impetus when it became known that Hiil
regarded him as the best suited to go
with Bryan on a straight-out silver plat
form.
Quite independent of the Bryan influ
ence the several Vice Presidential move
ments have had varying fortunes during
the dayt Mr. Shiveley of Indiana retired
finally and imperatively, so announcing
his decision at the caucus of the Indiana
State delegation, where he was taken at
his word. The Hill movement, on the
other hand, showed decided progress, not
withstanding the chill of the Lincoln con
ference. Arriving delegations showed
marked favor, even enthusiasm, for him.
The Senator's parlors were besieged by
hundreds of delegates and callers from
Ohio. Indiana. Pennsylvania and many
other States. Among the steady stream
of callers came ex-Governor Altgeld, a
strong personal admirer of Hill, and O
H. P. Belmont and Elliott Danforth. both
of the latter being Vice Presidential pos
sibilities.
From what has developed to-day, how
ever, the mission is likely to prove ro
more productive of harmonizing results
than the pilgrimage of Hill. Indeed, this
feeling is so universal that the Eastern
delegations reached a practical determina
tion to-day to accept the inevitable and
to confine their efforts to the platform
committee, thus keeping the subject from
becoming a source of discord on the floor
of the convention.
Bryan Will Not Yield.
But the development of Mr. Bryan's
influence over the convention and his un
wavering Insistence on 10 to 1 has created
a curious counter move. This is among
the practical politicians of the party — the
Kaders who run rampaigns to secure
votes. They want no surrender of silver,
neither arc they seeking immolation at
this one altar. They seek compromise.,
concession and such a harmonizing that
all pen ions can be brought tog?ther. As
a result of this strong and growing senti
ment definite and urgent representations
have been made to Mr. Bryan in the inter
est of harmony and moderation on the
platform. The bearer of those overtures
is James K^rr. secretary of the Congres
sional National H'ommlttee. who Is with
Mr. Bryan in Lincoln to-day after con
fr-rrine with the leaders here. It is cer
tain that he reflects the strong sentiment
of his own State (Pennsylvania! and other
Eastern localities, and It is understood
that his mission has the sympatheic ap
proval if not the positive authority. of the
most influential party leaders now as-
Fembl^'i here, including practically the
entire membership of the executive com
cittee except Williams of Massachusetts.
"For the reason." as Judge Tibbetts ex
plained, "that Mr. Hill would not accept
a nomination tinder the circumstances.".
repeated." said he. "not necessarily In the
same words, but in the same spirit, with
a declaration for free coinage at 16 to 1.
without regard to the action of other na
tions. Less than that would be weak
re??."
The return of Senator Hill without tan
gible result which he was willing to dis
close made it plain that his conference
with Mr. Bryan at Lincoln had come to
naught and "it served also to emphasize
the general feeling that. Mr. Bryan would
not tolerate anv temporizing on the plat
form. The Senator came hack from Lin
coln on the car with the Nebraska dele
gation, mingled with them and exchanged
views. But there was no evidence of the
slightest sympathy among them for him
as the companion of Bryan on the ticket.
Open Indication of
the Preference of
Bryan on the Ques
tion of His Run
ning Mate.
Men Close to the Demo
cratic Leader. Begin to
Boom the Minnesotan on
Their Arrival at the
Convention Citu.
The resolution was accepted as little
short of a notice to other delegations
a f to the sentiment of men very near to
Mr Bryp.n Some of them had just left
him ar.<3 Judge Tinbctts. head of the dele,
pates at large, dined with Mr. Bryan and
Governor Hill at Unjoin last night.
"The platform muft be straight out for
16 to 1 • thcrp Is no qm-stion as to that."
paid Ju<ipe Tibbetts.
A like view was expressed by R. L.. Met
ca!f. who will represent Nebraska on the
platform committee.
"I will urc that the financial plank of
the Cfcirapo platform be reaffirmed and
Regarded as an Ultimatum.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., July 2 -Th*
throb and thrill of a great nation
al assemblage is beginning to take
possession of this young queen city
of the Southwest. Throughout the
Amy there hap b^en a steady tramp, tramp
of Incoming thousands by every train
choking the railroad stations with a
Ft ruggMr.sr. travrl-stainod and sweltering
ihrong. filling the streets with ilow-mov
5ng. joplling crown's, emptying into the
hotel lobbies where, amid cigar smoke and
piles of baggage and the shout of badge
Venders, the currents of the earnest and
excited men eddy into groups, declaiming
the merits of candidates and issue?, arpu
ir.g, protesting, gesticulating. The dele
gates have- been arriving in scattered lots,
pome of them with bands and banners t-j
add sound and color to the animated
scene. . ,
Among the day's arrivals are many o!
the interesting rigures of the party. In
cluding the smooth-faced, ministerial
looking Oidham of Nebraska, who will
make the speech- placing Mr. Bryan IB
nomination; Hill of New York, weighted
with his long conference with Bryan at
Lincoln and weary with three days of
constant Travel; Perry Belmoni pt New
York, well groomed and debonair; Tel
ler of Colorado, with his Jackson-liKe
lace thin and worn. Senator Money or
Mississippi, tall and gaunt, with a strong
contingent from the far South; a distln
cuiFh€<l Populist trio-Senators Allen,
Heitteld and Harris— her*- to aid the cause
of Towne: John P. Altgeld of Illinois.
brown and smiling u*aer his broa-i
brimm.-d Panama: Governor William Wal
ter Smith of Maryland, the close conli
oante of Gorman; Arthur Sewall. th.-
MKlne phip builder, who ran with Bryan
Jour yoars ago, and that other unique fig
ure of the Senate who haf- brought excite
ment and sensation to its deliberators.
Senator Pettijrrew: Senator William L.
Clark of Montana, heading the delegation
cf "regulars." with two brass bands and
tn abundance of enthusiasm.
This influx of leaders and delegates, try?
holding of caucuses and th* organization
of StaiV delegations have begun under hot
End oppressive condition?. It has been
a Fticky. muggv day, with the sky over
caet and threatening arid the air heavily
charged with moisture, giving promise of
hunttdatSoa alr»a<i.
Ros% for Temporary Chairman.
The great v.ork of the convention began
to-day with a meeting of the National
Committee to determine contests and to
select temporary officers. Mayor Rose
of Milwaukee, the choico for temporary
ohrirman. is a German-American, re
pute'd to be an orator of fine presence ana
effective delivery. To-night the National
Committee had a private dinner— a pert of
family conference, as th«j giust of Dan
iel J. Campau. while groat crowds of dele
gate!; and spectators center«vl at Conven
tion Hall, which was formally opened with
a band conceit. Tru- vast structure is stilt
Furrounded with the debris of construc
tion an army of workmen and dr-corators
are bu*y ins'ide. but there i? no doubt it
•will bo "complete and ready for the con
vention hosts by Wednesday morning.
The Monetary League also began iis ses
sions to-day, with "Coin" Harvey and Mr.
Tnwne as attractions; but this was quite
too academic to attract much attention.
'. gut. aFide from these formal proceed
ings, the day has brought many develop
ments: and pome surprises in the general
situation. The dominating influence of
Mr Bryan over the convention has been
rnade manifest, causing some concern and
.'list a little rebellion in some quarters.
It U not by any authoritative or formal
•word* or actions by him that this influ
ence is exerte.3. but in ways none the lep?
effective. Its importance, however, has
not be«ii fo much in dkcln«ing how strong
e hand Mr. Bryan hold? on the convention
course as in showing that there is little
likelihood of a modification or dilution of
lh<= silver plank. , .
Tho arrival of the Nebraska delegation,
fresh from conference with the leader,
•was mainly instrumental in showing Mr.
Bryan's attitude. They were hardly off
tr"» cars before they met in caucus and
formally put forward a declaration of
prir^lplep. This expressed unalterable
opposition to any Furrendcr of the prin
ciple of bimetallism, and a demand fnr a
fina.i^al plank making a specific pledge
for the fref and unlimited coinage of gold
end silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. independ
ently of what any other nation may do.
TOWNE'S FRIENDS ACTIVE.
Minnesota Delegation Urged to Hurry
to Kansas City.
ST. PAUL. July 2.— The State delegates
to the Kansas City convention to-day re
ceived a message from Messrs Rosing and
Roxboro, who are at Kansas City, indi
cating that there i3 warm work before tha
Minnesota delegation, presumably in the
interests of Mr. Towne's candidacy. Mr.
Rosing wired for the delegation to be
called together immediately and notified
it to come by the first train, as it was
vitally important tr> be on the ground on
Wednesday. Mr. I,ane, secretary of the
State Central Committee, wired the dele
gates to come to St. Paul and start im
mediately. They went out this evening
by the regular Great Western train.
At Democratic headquarters this move
from Kansas City is deemed encouraging
to the interests of Minnesota's candidate
for Vice President. Mr. Towne.
The special train engaged by the Silver
Republicans will leave to-morrow after
noon.
It is yet anybody's fight and the pro
prietors of the Vice Presidential "boom
lets" are picking up courage.
Bryan recently and I think his attitude
could be summed up in about this way:
He is not favoring any one candidate. He
wants us not to make our wishes too
prominent, as it wiir look as though this
reflected his views, whereas he wants to
keep entirely out of the Vice Presidential
contest. But we feel that we should ex
press our views for Towne, who is a fa
vorite with most of tho delegation and our
work will be for him."
When Mr. Dahlman was further asked
if Mr. Bryan opposed any particular man
because of his financial views, he said:
"There is no opposition by name. But
Mr. Bry/in wants a man who can stand
with him. firmly and fully, on the 16 to 1
platform, for that is what the platform
will he. Without discussing individuals.
I think it can be put down that no man
out of sympathy with such a platform
will be nominated for Vice President. The
platform is more to Mr. Bryan than Vice
Presidential candidates."
Bryan to Address the Convention.
Mr. Dahlman also gave definite assur
ance of a dramatic climax to the nomi
nation of Mr. Bryan by his appearance on
the floor of the convention for a speech
that will electrify the convention and
serve as a campaign keynote.
"We are going to insist on his coming
down and appearing before the conven
tion," said Mr. Dahlman. "The Nebraska
men will see that a resolution is passed
inviting him hero, and you may rest as.
sured he will come, although he is person
ally disinclined to do so."
the strongest men In tha Democratic
party.
At a late hour to-night an interesting re
port was put into circulation to the effect
that White had really been informed by
Hill's friends that Hill would accept it
nominated for Vice President. It appears
probable that the California delegation
will support Hill until his candidacy ap
pears hopeless. New York might then re
turn California's compliment and cast sev
enty-two votes for White. This la only
one of the many items of gossip floating
about the hotel corridors to-nfght. White's
arrival is awaited with interest by the
Californians.
A committee appointed by the Monetary
League has prepared an address to the
American people and will submit it to a
meeting of the league to-morrow. The
address opens with a long dissertation on
the monev question and the so-called In
dustrial evils. To the formation of the so
called money trust, made possible by >( the
retirement of silver as "real money. Is
attributed the subsequent formation of
numerous industrial trusts and their con
sequent evils.
Combinations known as labor unions,
the address says, are also an outgrowth or
combinations of capital. The existence of
these labor unions is proof in itself that
wages would decline If not maintained by
combinations to that end. While a scale
may be thus maintained the loss on the
whole to labor is as much as if the decline
in wages had occurred, as time is lost in.
idlesness, lockouts, strikes and in assess
ments on laborers to maintain their
unions. In conclusion it says:
In this crisis now threatening civilization
throughout the world it Is but natural that the
highest order of intelligence should be dis
played here In this free republic and that the
United States should lead in the overthrow of
the threatened danger. For an immediate
remedy, our choice lies between two political
parties, whnse candidates for President and
Congress are now being presented to the peo
ple. The Republican party has recently met
at Philadelphia In national convention and in
its platform, to the chagrin and discourage
ment of millions of honest members of that
party, has approved of the" iniquitous laws
passed In the interests of organized money
lenders and of which we complain. The other,
or Democratic party, is now about to assem
ble iu.thls city In national convention, and in
it our hopes now lie for intelligent and cour
ageous action. Should it take a position on
these questions that become free and enlight
ened people, we will bid It KOdspeeJ in its
work of progress, emancipation and civiliza
tion.
CALIFORNIANS AT
CONVENTION CITY
Harassed bg the Fear That Theu
Mag Have to Vote for •
Hearst,
Special r>t?i>atch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. July 2.— It was nearly
8 o'clock when the Santa Fe train haul
ing the California delegates to the con
vention steamed into Union Depot. The
station was crowded, but as the Califor
nians were unaccompanied by any brass
band and were too tired to make any
noise, their entry was quiet enough.
There was no demonstration of any kind;
they did not parade to their headquarters
behind music and with flying banners
like their Republican brethren at Phila
delphia, but were content to ride in a
street car and. in accord with Judge Ma
gulre's ideas of Jeffersonian simplicity.
Judge Maguire and M. F. Tarpey were
attired in negligee shirts and the entire
party was saflly begrimed with smoke and
dust. After inspecting their headquarters
at the Coates House they dispersed to
their individual quarters at the various
hotels, most of them stopping at the
Coates, the Victoria and the Washington.
They will hold a meeting in their head
quarters, parlor J of the Coatea House,
to-morrow morning at 0 o'clock, after
Senator White arrives, when the Vice
Presidency will be discussed and mem
bers of the various committees selected.
The Californians say they had a fairly
pleasant trip and managed to have some
fun en route. At Pueblo they attended a
circus. Mr. Sweet of Santa Rosa com
posed a song, set to the music of "There'll
Be a Hot Time in the Old Town To
night." Each delegate, offered criticisms
and amendments and the song was a won
der when each Californian had contributed
his quota.
To-morrow the exhibit of California
fruits and wines will be opened in the
lobby of the Coates House.
While it is true that nothing will be de
cided upon with respect to the Vire Presi
dency until the arrival of Senator White,
there is pood reason to believe that the
Californians fear they may have to vote
for Mr. Hearst's choice for Vice Presi
dent. There was a suspicion lurking
about the Coates Hotel lobby late to
night that Mr. Hearst had not entirely
abandoned his ambition to receive Cali
fornia's complimentary vote, notwith
standing the way he was turned down
by the committee at Sacramento. The
California delegation apprehends that the
young man Is yet ambitious. The ¦word
"apprehension" is used advisedly, for "ap
prehension" is the very word to express
the feeling of th» delegates individually
and collectively. They realize they would
cut a sorry figure in espousing the Vice
Presidential boom of the Yellow Kid's ed
itor, but are afraid of his lash.
The Call correspondent has known for
a long time that Judge Magulre has
greatly admired his former colleague in
Congress. Charles A. Towne of Minne
sota. Towne is a Populist, and Judge Ma
giiire is the next thing to it. It was sur
prising, therefore, to-night when Mr. Jla
gulre expressed a doubt that Towne's geo
graphical location might not militate
against him. The Judge said:
"Mr. Towne is an able man. I believe
firmly in free, coinage, too. but Towne's
fesidence Is only 150 miles from that of,
Bryan. Would it not be better to nomi
nate a candidate from a more distant sec
tion of tho country?"
Just what was passing in his mind was
not apparent to the newspaper men. but
they were good guessers and surmised
that Hearst will either pose as a candidate
himself or else, realizing the absurdity of
his own candidacy, will bring influence to
bear on the Californians to induce them
to votfi for Hill tn order to defeat Croker
and Van Wyck and the Tammany crowd
The New York Journal, as Is known, has
been waging a fight against the ice trust,
which is fostered by Croker. the Van
Wyck brothers and Tammany chiefs tn
general. The latter have angered Hearst
by making unpleasant allusions to "Yel
low.Kid Journalism." and it is a ten-to
one shot that the young man will attempt
to array the California delegation against
Croker and in favor of Hill. Judge Ma
guire's uncalled for eulogy of Hill would
seem to indicate that Hill Is Hearst's
choice for Vice President.
Hearst's .candidacy is a manifest ab
surdity to everybody in Kansas City. If
"California were to seriously present the
name of. any Californian for the Vice
Presidency . it would be that of Senator
¦White, who presided over the convention
that nominated Bryan four years ago.
/White stands very well with Bryan and is,
furthermore, generally regarded as one of
WILL PLACE BRYAN IN NOMINATION.
According to the programme of the Democratic National Convention, Willis D. Oldham will make the speech
nominating Bryan for the Presidency, and Senator White will make an able seconding speech.
KANSAS CITY, July 2.— The placid
ity of the meeting of the United
States Monetary League was con
siderably ruffled fn the closing
hours to-day by statements from
General A. J. Warner of Ohio, who was
a volunteer speaker, taking tho time
and place which had been assigned to
Mr. Sulzer of New York, who failed to
appear. General Warner was introduced
by ex-Governor St. John, who called him
the "father of the cause of free silver."
General Warner caused the first flutter
of excitement by saying that so far as he
knew there was no proposition to change
the ratio of coinage. 'The live question of
the hour, he added, was to get silver re
stored, to its former place, where it wouid
have the same rights as gold.
"I don't care anything about the ratio
of 16 to 1," he said. "Get silver restored;
catch your hare first, then cook it. Regu
late silver automatically and you settle
the question. I sometimes think we have
laid too much stress on 1G to 1. I am in
favor of it, but there are and must al
ways be conditions which may change the
ratio."
Mr. Berry of Pennsylvania interrupted
and asked if General Warner was not
giving away some of the secrets of the
platform. Before General Warner could
reply Mr. Harvey asked him:
"Do you understand the history of free
coinage?"
General Warner replied without perturb
ation that he had made a study of it, and
he begged leave to say to Mr. Harvey and
others that there had been no legal action
taken by Congress on the question of
ratio. General St. John followed with an
interruption in which he said:
"I say • to General Warner that unless
16 to 1 is specifically mentioned in the
platform of the convention to meet this
week, a tremor will run along the entire
line and voters in the West, especially,
would desert the ticket by thousands."
Delegates Become Angry.
This statement received vigorous ap
plause. Turning to those in front. Gen
eral Warner said:
"Get your silver first. Don't make any
more mistakes. When you get your silver
we. will fix the ratio."
Interruptions followed with rapidity
and exceptions to the? speaker's views be
came heated. Waiting a . moment for
quiet. General Warner continued:
"I tell you the question of 16 to.l is go
ing to cut little figure in this campaign.
The issues will be anti-imnerialism and
trusts and what we should do for human
ity, and the question of ratio will sink
into infinite insigniticance."
An excited speaker in the rear row
shouted that if General Warner's ideas
prevailed the party might as well tear
down the flag of the campaign and the
election of McKinley would be Inevitable.
General Warner said he would not take
up further time. * Mr. Harvey leaped upon
a table, and, repeating former statements,
he added:
'. "If the people do not instruct Congre/33
before election on the question of ratio
Congress would never agree. .And I stand
here, to sky to you," pointing to General
Warner, "16 to 1 has been demanded by
our leader. Colonel Bryan, and we will
follow his lead."
H. A. Elian of Buffalo. N. Y., was called
and said -New York Democracy had come
to Kansas City to demand that 16 to 1 be
specifically mentioned, and nothing else
would satisfy New York.
A motion made to add General Warner
to the committee on resolutions brought
out several objections, and General War
ner settled the problem by refusing to
serve.
A vote asking General Warner .to ad
dress the convention to-morrow at 10 a.
m.. on the currency bill was unanimously
passed and the convention adjourned un
til that hour. ,
Warner Roundly Denounced.
After the convention General Warner
was waylaid at the entrance by many
who had been present and some of them
denounced him politically, and, in some
instances, personally. The outside pro
test was as vigorous as that of the in
side. ,.
Ex-Governor St. John was the first
speaker of the afternoon session. His sub
ject being "What Constitutes Money?"
Referring to the convention on the fourth,
the speaker hoped that there would be a
new declaration of principles. He de
manded that the free coinage of silver at
16 to 1 should be emphasized by the con
vention and nothing short of such an
enunciation would suit the people.
J. R. Sovereign of Arkansas spoke on
"Monetary Reform." The best money
this country ever had. said the speaker,
was the sort that did not want to go
awav from home." /
W. K. Berry of Chester. Pa., spoke on
"Freedom for the Workingmen. This
was to be the slogan of 1900, he said. Mr.
Berry compared Mr. Bryan to Moses, as
a leader.
Hornets' Nest Stirred Ud
bu the Declaration of
General Warner That
the 16 to lTheoru Should
'Be. Dropped,
Bitter Quarrel on the
Silver Issue at the
Opening Session
of the Monetary
NEBRASKA DELEGATES DECLARE FOR TOWNE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.
JAMES D. RICHARDSON OF TENNESSEE, WHO WILL ACT AS
PERMANENT CHAIRMAN OF THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL. CON
VENTION.
DAVID'S. ROSE. OF WISCONSIN". WHO HAS BEEN CHOSEN TEM
PORARY CHAIRMAN OF THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL, CONVEN
TION.
2
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RESUME STUDIES ON TUE3D\T
August 7. WCO. 3DAT>
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Est. 1877. Men and women taucht in on«
month the spl»nce of navigatinu a vessel around
the world. | Privately if desired. Marina engi-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. VOV
SCIIOEX. M. E.. etc.. principal. 42 Market st.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRAXT5 DIPLOMAS AND CO.VTERS DE-
grees: seminary course accredited to tha
Universities; rare op?c*tun!tle» offered in music
art and elocuUon. Write for catalogue to mrV
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mllla College P. O Cal
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Aujr. ». 1300I
ST. MATTHEWS' "«.
SAN* MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address «
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1S49 Jackson st.. Pan Franrls-o. Boarding and
Pay School fnr GirK Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity, Vassar an<i Smith College*.
SARAH D. HAMLIX. Principal.
302 Montgomery St.. Pan "rancisco, Cal.
Lessons personally and by mail. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. '
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
v SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
Anocnaon academy.
Formerly University Academy. Alameda. haa
been removed to Irvlngton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds In-
vited. W. W. ANDKR?OK. Principal.
Miss Bead's School, Berkeley.
Boarding: and Hay School for Girls— 233S Chan-
nln* way. Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant home life,
large garden, gymnasium; accredited to Unlver.
Mty of California. Stanford University. Vassar
and Smith Colleges. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens August 6. 190O.
Established over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected tr> represent the development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion- over 17.C00 graduates successfully apply-
lr.it their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed In positions; 25 teachers: open tbs entlro
year; new 80-pajte catalogue free.
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"^I fo y und the continual change of diet incidents : to
mWMmWM\ eight years' traveling completely upset my dJR^the s>a-
tlWszfeSs&mm tem. In consulting several physicians they decided I suf-
/^^aKI^^^^Pli fered with catarrh of the stomach.
A^^iBflfeSt&A "™ r Prescriptions did not seem to help me any. so
XSF* reading of the remarkable cures effected by the use of
¥ Peruna I decided to try it, and soon found myself well re-
f L^ ra *' d l' have now used Peruna for about three months, and
?ls$fc W f^l completely rejuvenated. I believe I am permanently
'$Pf W/$ cured, and do not hesitate to give unstinted praise to >our
A ' / *" '|.J great remedy. Peruna."
'A L_Jt ' The causes of summer catarrh are first, chronic ca-
A *%T* fWvi 'tarrh; second, derangements of the stomach and liver;
m <^* WMi third, impure blood. It is very rare indeed to find any
# m WrA case of summer catarrh which ls not the «" esult of one or
m ° r Sucn being the^case any one who knows anything
*?MBk ~~ M*t& whatever about the operation of Peruna can understand
S^Jffa. J$M§aSk why this remedy is a permanent cure for summer catarrh.
%mSG<S&K MMMmL It eradicates chronic catarrh from the system, invigorates
Wg$$B^SW&&& the stomach and liver, cleanses the blood of all impurities.
M§$®Sa£^ffi/Ma and therefore permanently cures by removing the cause-
\?Sy^l«KiiB9n a ho^t of maladies peculiar to hot weather The cause
[Wt^^==^ lal Place of a coated tongue, sour stomach, dyspepsia, consti-
"^ /ML patlon and despondency, comes a clean tongue, s^veet
CS^X — /AZJ^X fir^ath keen appetite, good digestion, regular oojeis,
' "/J^X aSd existence becomes . a. pleasure The bloom of heaith re-
ff^S, stz^M turns to sallow cheeks and rounded gracefulness to the
-i "aTtcd form. Life is worth living again. All things have
t Tt AHpn T>Ptoskev eC °I?ch ne writes: "We keep Peruna constantly on hajid a*
after the use of one bottie all ihe sallowness disappeared, her appetite
returned, and when she went to her home in the bloom of perfect health,
her parents were most happily surprised at her restoration and her im-
proved condition, her cheeks glowing with the bloom of perfect health.
A very interesting treatise on "Summer Catarrh" is sent free to any addres*
bv The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O. __^__»^—
HEALTHY WOMEN
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGIX3 AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day scboot for young ladles H"a
ralirornla »t.. win reopen August *, 13C0. "¦ Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for . children: carriage will call. REV ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC gggj^gs
Oreat Business Training and Shorthand School
Has the Unrest and best equipped depts In ih.
West. 30<> youns men and women wanted! Everv
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland Call
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
San Francisco. <"olif irnla.
WILL. BE RESUMED MOVDAT
O Aumwt «. 1300. Dolore, «t.. p£r J&SSJS
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE
1 Oft ft MARKET ST.— Actual bu*lne»» book-
1 ZOD keeping; only expert accountant*
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand
the easiest, fastest and most readable Dav
and evening. *Its possessions and I am confident it never
will I have no doubt that our country
wlll derive benefits from the Oriental
trade which are now hardly dreamed of
by most people. We will become one of
the greatest commercial nations. We are
in a nositlon to take our full share of any
benefits which may result by changes in
China and to assert our rights touching
that nation. Wars will be inevitable un- 1
til civilization is re-established on a high
er plane, and in the meantime we must
keep sten with the march of event3 and
assume our share of responsibilities,
whether in China or elsewhere.
T. C. VAN NESS —
I favor the legitimate expansion of the
Influence and interests of this country.
I believe that a, point has been reached
when our commercial necessities de
mand that we s'hould take an interest
in the affairs of the world, and should act
in Concert with the other great powers in
so far as the protection of American com
merce may require. I am not, however,
in sympathy with that form of expansion
which consists in the absorption by force
of the Philippines. Cuba and other coun
tries foreign to us in language, religion
and thougnt. I do not think that our
form of government is such as to permit
the successful control of foreign colonies,
and it Is, to my mind, not in harmony
with the theory of our constitution to
force our government upon an unwilling
foreign people.
In my opinion the right of this country
to oppose by force. If necessary, any
action on this continent of any European
or other government inimical to our in
terests has always existed, independently
of the so-called Monroe doctrine; but that
the declaration of President Monroe, In
so far as it goes beyond the announce
ment of this principle, however appro
priate at the time It was made, has no
useful application now. It might well be
that In a dispute between a European
power and one of the South American re
pullcs, for instance, the former might be
wholly In the right and the latter wholly
In the wrong, and that the enforcement
of the former's right, even to the extent
of Invading and holding the territory of
the latter would operate to our advantage
rather than our disadvantage. In such
a case I can see no sense or reason In
Interference upon our part in favor of
the wrong doer and against our own In
terests merely because the European
power might acquire a foothold upon this
continent. The day has gone by when we
need have any fear of 111 results to our
selves from such an occupation. I am
also Inclined to think that the time is not
far distant when we will all have a realiz
ing sense that America cannot whip the
whole world, and that If a combination
sufficiently strong be made In opposition
to the enforcement of the Monroe doctrine
we will find reason to gracefully retire
from our Inslstance thereon.
I do not consider that- our Government
had the right to acquire sovereignty to
any of the foreign territories In which we
are now exercising control against the
will of the inhabitants thereof, and that
It has as little right to sell that sovereign
ty to another. How other governments
might look upon such action I am unable
.to say. I also think that if our govern
ment is not wanted In- the Philippines.
Cuba and Porto Rico we ought to get out
of those countries as soon as we honorably
can.
JOSEPH LEGGETT—
I am opposed to expansion and I. would
adhere strictly to the provisions of the
Monroe doctrine.
The annexation of Hawaii was Justifi
able, for its government was tottering and
if we had not taken It some other power
would have done so, and annexation of
the Islands was justified by their stra
tegic position in regard to our Western
coast. But as for the Philippines, I be
lieve it would have saved us millions of
dollars that we have already paid and
millions more that we will pay if the Lord
in his wisdom had seen fit to let that [
Spariie* 1 flxit »n linwn In the noes °'- l V/'\i
instead of leading us into Manila Bay
and to the acquisition of the islands. To
believe that we will ever get rich trading
with a people that still plows with a
crooked stick and with water buffaloes
is preposterous.
I do not believe in going into- the selling
business and I am sorry we ever went
into the buying business. Selling peoples
I Is no part of the business of this country.
j and Washington and Adams and Jefferson
would turn in their graves did they know
I -we were about to do such a thing. But
we are in it. and I see no better way out
of it than to establish some form of self
government for the Philippines. Anyway,
we should get out of it In some manner.
About that twenty millions, it seems
hardly fair to make the Filipinos pay it
and it seems unjust to make .the
people of this country pay it
without recompense. Perhaps some way
could be found to have it paid in install
ments from the revenue of the Islands. I
think we should attend to our own busi
ness and the other powers will think all
the more of us. If they do not It should
make no difference.
As to my views of expansion. I think the>
territory embraced within the continental
limits of the United States Is abundantly
capable of supporting In comfort at least
one hundred times Its population. "We
have Indeed a goodly heritage — the best
the sun shines on. Let no American citi
zen Imagine he can find a better land than
his own on this planet. The Creator has
not yet made any such land anywhere
else, and so far as the needs of the Amer
ican people are concerned there Is no ne
cessity for any additional creation.
HENRY ACH—
I favor expansion to the extent that we
were compelled to expand by reason of
the Spanish-American, war. I am what
might be called a rabid annexation^,
referring to all territory bounding this
continent. In other words, I believe the
Government of the United States should
acquire by purchase, whenever pos
sible, all our northern boundary. In
my opinion the United States should
adhere more strongly than ever to the
provisions of the Monroe doctrine In
answer to the third question. I believe
that the acquisition of the Islands must
of necessity prove beneficial to the United
States at large, and I believe that the
islands of the Pacific will ultimately be
the cause of an Immense development of
the Pacific Slope. I do not deem It advis
able to withdraw our troops from our
new possessions, nor do I believe in the
sale of any productive or profitable terri
tory. The decrease of the army will res
ulate itself as soon as the natives of the
Philippines understand the policy of the
Government.
E. F. PBESTON—
I do not favor expansion and I belleva
we should adhere to the provisions of the
Monroe doctrine, but I think the acquisi
tion of Cuba, Porto Rico and the other
West India isles comes well within the
purview of the Monroe doctrine, as lead
ing statesmen of all parties have regarded
their possession, by foreign powers as a
menace to the Atlantic coast, and the ac
quisition of the West Indies baa been rec
ommended by a long series of Secretaries
of State. It Is only their strategic position
in regard to the Atlantic seaboard which
in my opinion Justifies their retention. So
far as Hawaii, the Ladrones and the Phil
ippine isles are concerned. I do Dot believe
they can be so assimilate'! as to form an
Integral part of the United States; and
even if such assimilation were successful
I believe It would be, Injurious In the high
est degree to the intellectual stamina of
the American people. I do not believe a
republic can be true to Itself or its Insti
tutions and at the same time hold as con
quered provinces to the people of which it
has denied the right of .self-government
and those other advantages of political
liberty which we consider our rights by
virtue of our manhood. It may be neces
sary for the United States to have coaling
stations, and I am tn favor of any and
1 every possession which will enable our
Government to maintain the dignity of the
VIGOROUS EXPRESSIONS AGAINST
EXPANSION BY SAN FRANCISCANS
r^OBERT WATT— Better pay attention to our own
I country and leave foreign countries alone. I do not
believe that expansion is necessary for trade.
ISIDOR GUTTE — We have undeveloped country
enough at home without going 7000 miles abroad to ac
quire more.
EX-JUDGE J. F. SULLIVAN— The future of our
republic is in danger when we resort to the methods that
disintegrated the Roman Empire.
T. C. VAX XESS — I am not in sympathy with that
form of expansion which consists in absorption by force of
Cuba, the Philippines and other countries.
JOSEPH LEGGETT— I believe it would have saved
us millions of dollars that we have already paid, and mil
lions more that we will pay, if the Lord in his wisdom had
seen fit to let the Spanish fleet go down in the open ocean
instead of leading us into Manila Bay and to the acquisition
of the islands.
HEXRY C. McPIKE— I am down on the policy of
expansion. Let us take care of our own affairs.
GARRET McEXERXEY— We have troubles and
problems enough at home and we had better work out our
own salvation before we attend to the salvation of others.
REV. WILLIAM RADER— I believe our country
should develop her home institutions and not selfishly seek
the earth.
DR. S. TRASK — The acquisition of millions of an in
ferior race \vill prove a source of great danger.
DR. C. D. McGETTIGAX — I am unalterably op
posed to expansion, as it is but another name for commer
cialism and greed.
ED ROSEXBERG — The recent acquisition of terri
tory is detrimental to the people by introducing cheap labor
to break down the present standard of American labor.
E. F. PRESTOX — I do not believe a republic can be
true to itself or its institutions and at the same time hold
conquered provinces to the people of which it has denied the
right of self-government and those other advantages of po
litical liberty which we consider our right by virtue of our
manhood.
history which warrants any withdrawal
on the part of America from the position
heretofore assumed and successfully main
tained by this country.
As to the effect on the standing of this
Government in the eyes of other nations
of pursuing what I consider the proper
policy I would say that in all our past
history we have done what was right on
great questions, not from policy or ex
pediency, but from a sense of justice. A
like straightforward and just course in
this case must In the end challenge the
approval and even the admiration of the
civilized world.
E. S. PILLSBTJRY—
I favor expansion upon the conditions
under which we have thus far expanded.
I do not believe in a war solely for con
quest, but see no reason why we may not,
under the recognized principles of inter
national law, take and hold a desirable
territory as the legitimate result of war
with another nation. Our own State is an
example in point. I might also mention
Alsace and Lorraine. I favor expansion
as exemplified in our annexation of the
Hawaiian Islands. The Monroe doctrine
is not necessarily involved in a considera
tion of the results of our war with Spain.
I understand that doctrine to be a fixed
policy on the part of the United States
to interdict intervention by any of the
European powers in affairs relating strict-
Business Men, Lawyers, Doctors,
|| Laboring Men and Clergymen Are
.Interviewed: in Many Large Cities
¦ and Express Themselves Freely
and Candidly Upon the Subject.
WHAT PROMPTED
THE POLL
¦
Tne Anti-Imperialist League
held a routing In New
York City on June 25, at
which resolutions were adop
ted stating that a call would
be issued for a convention for
the purpose of carrying into
effect • their condemnation of
the policy, of the present ad
ministration, c; .¦:/
In anticipation of the pro
posed conference the NawYork
Herald and The Call have
made a canvass of the expan
sion sentiment in the United
States. To muke this unbi
ased and unpartisan fifty citi
zens of each large city have
been interviewed. Ten of these
were clergymen, ten business
men, ten laboring men, ten
lawyers and ten physicians.
The opinions of the San Fran
ciscans are printed in full
below.
trial arts has been due in large part to
the fact that the youth of our country,
instead of being Impressed into military
service, have been allowed to devote the
energies of their early life to the arts of
peace.
The maintenance of national power by
Divided Sentiment Prevails Among
the People of the Land, With a
Slight Majority Against the Ex
pansion Policy as Illustrated toy
the Present Administration.
VIEWS OF
LEADING
ATTORNEYS
EX-JUDGE J. F. SULLIVAN— If by
expansion is meant the extension of
the national domain to contiguous
territory on the American continent.*
or even beyond, as 5n the case of Porto
Rico or Hawaii, which may be used as
Spain for the Philippines was $20,000,000
wasted. They pointed out that thus far
It had but led to enormous expense in
sending thousands upon thousands of sol
diers to subjugate the Filipinos.
The labor interest Is almost solidly
again.~t expansion. Various arguments
are advanced, the principal ones being
competition with the cheap labor of the
Orient. Increased taxation, a large stand
ing army and augmented pension rolls,
all of which representatives of various
classes of labor declared were the inevi
table results of the United States occu
pying extracontlnental territory.
to express opinions, the sentiment for exr
pansion was found to be astonishingly
strong. Looking upon the United States'
possession of the Philippines as merely the
result of the doctrine of foreordlnation.
talking- about "Providence having carried
the flag to distant climes," they see in
this territorial expansion greater oppor
tunities for developing mission work
where it has been begun, and opportuni
ties for beginning It in fields as yet unde
veloped. Without taking Into considera
tion China's right as a nation to national
existence, without apparently considering
the moral right of the United States to
seize foreign territory, many ministers
were found who expressed moral hopes
that the present difficulties In China would
result in the United States getting a share
of that great empire.
Opposed by Lawyers.
Lawyers in nearly all the cities were
for the most part opposed to expansion,
regarding expansion without the adoption
of an imperialistic policy as an impossi
bility. "The greatest national mistake
ever made," one well informed lawyer
Put it. Lawyers argue that it Is con
trary to the traditions of the country, that
it Is impossible to extend a republican
form of government to unenlightened peo
ple, that an imperial colonial government
and republican home government are an
absurdity. Many of them foresee in the
policy of expansion, as now being pursued
by the administration, the ultimate down
fall of the republic.
Merchants Almost Unanimous.
Among business men it may be said that
the sentiment of large merchants In the
large cities is aimost unanimous for ex
pansion, while the small tradesmen as a
rule are anti-expansionists. The manu
facturers see in the possession of new ter
ritory the possibility of new markets, ex
tension of trade, development of com
merce, a remedy for that bugaboo of busi
ness, overproduction. In Southern cities
however, even the sugaj- planters and su
gar dealers of Louisiana fear that the
sugar Industry In the United States would
be imperiled by the accession of tropical
territory elsewhere. Then among business
men. accustomed to count the cost of ven
tures before making them, the cost of ex
pansion Tjy many is considered an invin
cible argument against it.
In all the classes interviewed men wer*
four.d who thought the $20,000,000 paid to
the admission of Canada Into the Union.
Latitudinal expansionists in the South
see no reason why Mexico should not fol
low Texas and California Into camp be
neath the Stars and Stripes.
Ministers Warm Advocates.
Among clergymen, excepting- Roman
Catholics, ¦who for the most part refused
SAN FRANCISCO
STRONG FRIEND
OF EXPANSION
NETV YORK, July ; —San Francisco
looms up as the strongest friend
of expansion In all the fifteen
cities. Business men see in the
retention of the Philippines great
opportunities for San Francisco to become
a j*re-t center of shipping— the Golden Gate
<-f enlarged trade with the Orient. Their
hopes reach out. even beyond the Philip
r<ne« and they foresee an American col
ony, empire-call It what you will-rising
ujTotxt of the fragments of partitioned
China They see myriads of I nited States
' troops passing through San Francisco to
?he Bast: they see busy transports load
ing provisions; they see merchantman
layin*; in their stores, and all of them
¦paving tribute to the marts of San Fran
cisco. Elsewhere in the United States a
broader view of the question Is taken.
In nuking a poll in the £!f°™
cities the Herald and The Call, in
addition to ascertaining whether the
men Interviewed were for or against
expansion, asked why? It is im
possible to print the hundreds of replies
that were given, but many interesting
conclusions are to be drawn from tnem,
each class of persons interviewed finding
different arg-uments on which to Dase
their deduction. There are expansionists
uvA expansionists. Many were found to
whom the idea of seizing foreign territory
ffemed entirely un-American and unfor
tunate, but who were yet convinced tnat
the United States was a victim or cir
cumstances. They considered it a misfor
tune that the United States had the Phil
ippines but did not see how they could
be pot rid of. As one Southern busi
ness man put it: "We have got hold of
a poker by the red-hot end. but I don't
fee how we can drop it." There are lati
tudinal expansionists and longitudinal
expansionists.
Expand on This Continent.
The interviewfrs found a surprisingly
l2rg« r.umber who advocated "expansion
on the North American continent." The
taking Jn of contiguous territory, it was
found, would meet with much more gen
eral approval than the retention of islands
thousands of miles away. Latitudinal ex
pansionists In the North look forward to'
RESULT OF THE POLL IN
FIFTEEN LEADING CITIES
Clergymen interviewed, 11 6;forexpansion,60; against
expansion, 32; non-committal, 24.
Unclassified interviewed, 18; for expansion, 9; against
expansion, 8; non-committal, 1.
Whole number representative voters interviewed, 726;
for expansion, 324; against expansion, 333; non-committal,
69.
XEW YORK, July 2.— What is practically a poll
of the people of the United States on the question of
expansion and imperialism is herewith- presented.
Through their correspondents in fifteen leading cities
of the United States the Herald and The Call have inter
views with five distinctive classes of representative voters
— business men. lawyers, physicians, clergymen and labor
ing men. The result shows that
Business men seem to favor expansion.
Physicians favor expansion.
Clergymen, excepting Roman Catholics, who are non
committal, favor expansion.
Lawyers oppose expansion.
Laboring men almost unanimously oppose expansion.
A slight majority of the whole number of persons in
terviewed are opposed to expansion and imperialism as il
lustrated by the McKinley administration.
A fair proportion, realizing the gravity of the question,
have as yet come to no decisive opinion. Every effort has
been made to have the poll in every respect unbiased.
The politics of men interviewed have been left entirely
out of the question, for it was realized that there are many
Republicans who do not by any means agree with the Mc-
Kinley policy and many Democrats who approve of the
retention of the Philippines.
It was found that as a class lawyers, accustomed to
delving deep into questions before drawing conclusions,
were opponents of expansion. The labor interest, too. in
many cities was found to be a unit against the imperialistic
course of the administration.
Of the friends of expansion, a majority are found
among business men, clergymen and physicians, but in no
case, except that of the labor class, is the dividing line drawn
sharply and distinctly.
The interviews were obtained in the following fifteen
cities: Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Denver. Gal
veston, Memphis, Milwaukee, Xew Orleans, New York,
Philadelphia, San Francisco, Savannah, St. Louis and St.
Paul.
|| EW YORK, July 2. — Business men interviewed, 175; for
[I expansion, 93; against expansion, 66; non-committal,
11 16.
Physicians interviewed, 124; for expansion,74; against
expansion, 43; non-committal, 7.
Labor men interviewed, 147; forexpansion,34; against
expansion, 111; non-committal, 2.
Lawyers interviewed, 146; for expansion. 54; against
expansion, 73: non-committal, 19.
POLL OF THE UNITED STATES ON THE ALL-ABSORBING
QUESTION OF EXPANSION,
important strategic points for national
defense, I am In -favor of expansion. ' •
.Some of the richest and most important
territory within our national domain and
the most loyal States' of the American
Union have been added to the republic
by a process of legitimate expansion.
But if expansion means the introduction
into our form of government of a system
of imperialism or militarism— if It involves
the government of subject races by force
and by means of standing armies in spite
of and against the protest of the people
governed — then I am unalterably opposed
to expansion.
:It will be a sad day for the republic
when the maintenance of order within any
recognized portion "of, this domain calls
for the permanent employment of a large
standing army of hundreds of thousands
of soldiers. The phenomenal -. success of
our country in. the mechanical and lndus-
a' large standing army Is-a menace to the
future of the republic.
• Roman Imperialism divided the world
into. master and slave. Like causes pro
duce like effects.' ¦ ¦
•The future of our republic is in dan
ger when we resort to the, methods. that
disintegrated the Roman empire.
I am In favor of retaining Porto Rico
and Hawaii -as parts of our national do
main and giving to the inhabitants all the
rights accorded to American citizens by
our constitution. , ~
$ Where our flag floats the guarantees of
our constitution should be Inviolate.
As to the Philippines. I think that the
best policy of our Government would be
to retain a. few important points for na
val stations to preserve order long enough,
as in the'case of Cuba, and "-to -turn over
the islands In a state of peace to. native
I think it also our duty to guarantee
the Filipinos against foreign ; invasion. ?
As to the Monroe doctrine,' there is
not nine, in my judgment, in our recent
I have faith that our recent acquisitions
will be a benefit, though we have much
to reform in the conduct of our own Gov
ernment before we set up as a model for
the rest of the world. Cuba Is ; not In
cluded In this answer, because I do not
understand It to be an acquisition of the
United States, although' drawn into very
close relations with us. Porto Rico was
acquired- for military purposes and under
the administration of President Grant it
was not considered a violation of any na
tional * traditions - or doctrines to obtain
an island : in the West Indies in further
ance of our military requirements. We
have done the same thing: In Samoa.
I do not consider It advisable or becom
ine for this nation to retire from any of
ly to countries upon the American conti
nent. It was enforced not long ago In
South America. There Is no occasion to
Ignore It or to assume that It has been
Ignored. That doctrine has no application
to our acquisition of the Philippines, as
the incident of a war declared and waged
for another purpose.
SOME OF THE LOCAL CITIZENS WHO GAVE THEIR OPINIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.
3It is a matter of the greatest import
that the Hawaiian Islands should be
owned by this country. The troops should
not be withdrawn from the Philippines :i»
It would lower the standing Of this coun
try in the eyes of other nations. They
will require a much longer time to enable
the United States to discover the proper
mode of treatment or jjovernment.
DR. G. F. SHIELS—
Under circumstances existing previous
to the declaration of war with Spain.
I was entirely against expansion. Subse
quent to the war I am of the belief that
this nation cannot with dignity or pro
priety recede from the territory it has
acquired. I can in no way conceive that
such possession should be an indication
for further territorial expansion. As a
logical result : of tho war with Spain the
Monroe doctrine must t;e waived, "so far
as this territory Is concerned. But on the
other hand it should bo strictly upheld
in to far as it protects us against a ten
dency toward unnecessary and deleterious
Interference with conditions entirely for
eign to our geographical, political and so
ojal statf. Jf it can be done with secur
ity and the conviction that the purchaser
Will deal honestly, fairly and uprightly
with the people of these possessions, sell
them. An entirely erroneous policy is that
of expansion partially brought upon us
by circumstances over which we could
have no control, and Involving a question
of moral responsibility which we cannot
with fairness or dignity overlook.
DR. G. E. STJSSDORFF—
I am a firm believer in expansion, but
not that sort which should be properly
designated as imperialism. The Monroe
doctrine should bo adhered to, provided
it aids us in protecting our own inter
ests, and enables us to avoid alliances or
complications with foreign powers.
Commercially speaking, the acquisition
of these countries will prove of benefit,
but 1 am nrmly opposed to any measure
that will open tho gates of this country,
allowing the natives of these countries ac
cess to the field of labor.
I do not favor the withdrawal of our
troops from these possessions until such
time as the inhabitants are able to pro
vide capable government for themselves/
Lntil such time it is our duty to provide
them every protection, as by our inter
ference we have given them every right to
expect.
DR. W. N. SULLIVAN—
I do not favor the policy of expansion,
so far as the acquisition of extensive ter
ritory in foreign parts is concerned, but
as in^the case of the Islands of Hawaii
and the Island of Guam, which- give this
country a iirm basis for the action of its
navy, I must say expansion seems favor
able.
The Monroe doctrine should be adhered
to. We have not in our late war with
Spain violated any of its principles, as
some may say. Our late trouble was not
of our own seeking, but merely the out
come of years of persecution, culminat
ing in a war, not for gain, but for the
sake of humanity. Having acquired these
possessions, I deem it the duty of this
country to hold them. The presence of
troops will be an absolute necessity for
some time to come, but 1 think, when the.
natives are under control the islands will
prove a source of great value. It is not
necessary for us to carry the policy of
expansion to any greater extent. We have
enough internal resources to main
tain us always. In favorable relation with
the powers of the world, and having sat
isfied the claims made on' us for human
ity's sake, put a stop to the acquisition
of territory that must in the future prove
but a source of trouble.
DR. G. C. MACDONALD—
Expansion in my opinion is but a nat
ural fulfillment of the law of evolution,
and is unavoidable. With the war with
Spain in view, it does not. seem possible
for the United States to adhere to the Mon
roe doctrine. We must be- prepared to give
and take. It is not advisable for this
country . to withdraw its troops. It
would be manifestly unjust to our army
and to the people who. have given their
lives, and those who have furnished funds
through taxation, to acquire these new
territories. To dispose of the newly ac
quired properties by sale would be a re-t
turn to the principles of slavery, and "a
blow, 'to' the commercial interests of tha
United States and as such cannot be done
without loss of prestige to this country.
. We arc 'so dominated by politics in this
country that a settled line of action, such
as called for by 1 the policy of expansion,
Is almost an impossibility.
DR. H. P. MAAS
¦ I am not in favor of expansion for the
reason that such policy would require an
immense standing army and a correspond
ing increase of expense, and with the ex
ception of a few, of no gain to the peo
ple. '
We should a'dhere strictly to the prin
ciples of the Monroe doctrine. In the
past it has been looked on as nure Amer
icanism and should- still be, held as such.
These islands possibly with the exception
of the Hawaiian group will be of no ben
efit to us. The natives are not what we
would care to call Americans, and under
these : circumstances, - the withdrawal of
troops can be accomplished without loss
of prestige. ; Having given them their lib
erty we should not try to restrict' them
In its , performance.
We can make a commercial treaty thai
will bring back to the coffers of Uncle
Sam all that this has cost him. The pol
icy of expansion is an erroneous one. We
have tried It and find the only benefit has
been a small increase in commercial in
terests, the war tax on the ponple of this
country, to my idea, being more than
enough to offset It.
" ~~A D ROSENBERCf, pecretary of the
HSan Francisco Labor Council— I am
opposed to expansion as now car
j ried out by the Government. Un
less the United States gives a free
and Independent government to the Cu
bans and Filipinos the Monroe doctrine,
this guarantee against the aggression of
Kuropean powers against the peoples of
the American continent, will logically and
Inevitably be ignore'd, for it is becoming
ridiculous. The recent acquisitions of ter
ritory by the United States are detrimental
to the people of the United States by In
troducing cheap labor to break down the
present standard of American labor. Our
troops should be withdrawn from the new
possessions and their peoples given their
independence, with the principle of the
Monroe doctrine applied to them. It would
be fair to the natives and raise us high In
the opinion of all liberty-loving people.
Unlimited expansion under existing indus
trial conditions is an insurmountable
stumbling block toward real progress of
the people.
WALTEH MacARTHTTR—
(Late Editor of Coast Seamen's Journal.)
I am opposed tb the extension of terri
tory outelde of our present continent, but
would favor extending the American flag
into territory contiguous to our republic;
for instance, extension Into Canada or into
Latin America would be advantageous,
not only to us. but tn tho people who
would come under our flag.
1 believe in the Monroe doctrine. It is If
anything more essential now since the
war with Spain.
The acquisition of Cuba. Porto Rico,
etc.. will "prove a detriment to the coun
tries, progressively, morally, industrially
and politically.
1 believe that the United States forces
should be withdrawn from all of the ter
ritories and the same should be placed un
der the management and full control of
the Inhabitants thereof; subject, however,
to a mutual guarantee from the Govern
ment of the I'nited States in accordance
with the best interests of both parties. I
think that such action would be but fair
to the natives and would be highly advan
tageous ¦ to this Government. It would
fully vindicate our claim that all govern
ments derive their just power by the con
pent of those governed.
lly personal policy of expansion is that
aggrandisement advanced and favored by
the few is not for the benefit of the many.
GUY LATHROP—
(Manager of the San Francisco I,abor Bu-
I do not favor expansion. I think
it will be against the best inter
ests of the people in general, while it may
benefit the few. Our troops should not be
withdrawn until a secure form of govern
ment shall have bcea established for the
inhabitants by which and under which
they may live and enjoy their freedom
without beingr subject to spoliation from
other and less liberal Governments than
ours. Expansion nt home on our own
shores would be all right, but it is all
wrong when you cross the ocean.
A. DIJEAT7—
(Chairman of the executive committee of
San Francisco Labor Council.)
No, I do not favor ' expansion. The
Monroe doctrine should, be adhered to. It
is more imperative on us now than it was
before the war.
The acquisition of territory Is a detri
ment to this country. It will injure every
workman's interest to have to compete
with men who do not know what it J3
to bo free laborers.
The question of the withdrawal of the
troops Is uncertain and can only be solved
by time and circumstances.
W. E. LANE^
(Master Plumber.)
Yes; yes; I am for expansion. As to
tho acquisition of our new territories. No
better proof can be advanced than the
wonderful prosperity of the United States,
especially In San Francisco, since we got
controF of Hawaii and the Philippines.
Give the inhabitants a government un
der which, they can live and he as happy
as we are in this country.
It would be /¦unfair to withdraw . our
troops and not in keeping with our boast
of extending protection to the oppressed.
HABRY SATJNDERSl
(Adjusting agent for the San Francisco
Building Trades Council.)
, No expansion for me. The United
States should stand by the Monroe doc
trine.
The troops should not be withdrawn un
til there is a security of our flag floating
for all time. "Where the . flag is once
raised there It should remain until tho
end of the world. We must hold the ter
ritories at all. risks since t^ie blood of
our citizens has been shed to secure them.
p. h. McCarthy—
(President of San Francisco Buildine
Trades Council.) . u "^" ie
No-expanslon for me. The Monroe doc
trine by all means.
The troops should be withdrawn and the
people i permitted to govern ." themselves J
It would be. fair to tha natives and so
i ISAAC UPHAM— We- have benefited. by all previous acquisitions of territory and we
will all see the benefit of the later acquisitions.
H. D. LOVELAND — We cannot expand too much fairly and honestly.
W. D. HAAS — -I. favor 'expansion in all- matters.
T. J. PARSONS- — I am in favor of expansion on the American continent.
EDWIX R. DIMOND — We have been greatly benefited. Trade has been largelv
stimulated and we have seen what will possible in the' future by what has already de
veloped.
W. E. LANE — No better pr6of can be advanced of the benefit of the acquisition of
our new territories than the wonderful prosperity of the United States, especially in San
Francisco, since we got control of Hawaii and the Philippines.
DR. G. C. MACDONALD— Expansion is but a natural fulfillment of the law of evo
lution, and is unavoidable.
Ii. N. MALSBAlyY — Extend the constitution and American flag to the uttermost
ends of the earth. . -- ¦
ES.' PILLSBURY— I see no reason why we may not, under the recognized princi
ples of international law, take and hold a desirable territory as the legitimate result of
1 war with another nation.
W. S. WOOD— I believe the acquisition of the islands will benefit this country and
particularly San Francisco.
REV. E. 'A: -WOODS — The -expansion of any civilized nation means progress for
the world in government; education and righteousness. ,
RABBI JACOB NIETO— I am decidedly in favor of expansion. The more markets
the more prosperity;" the more strategic possessions the greater security.
REV. PHILIP COOMBE— I am in favor of expansion principally because our Gov
ernment has been led into that direction through* the desire of the people to relieve oppressed
neighbors.
LOCAL CITIZENS EXPRESS THEMSELVES IN
FAVOR OF THE POLICY OF EXPANSION
.fta" In every quarter of the world, and I
-have no cHtlelsa on*; the administration
pif the present status of our foreign af
fairs. We certainly cannot afford to with
(iraw- our troops In the present c of an
;-..rmcd onemy. and we must yieM to the
.force of circumstances, which requires us
Tn tinish the work we have commenced.
After that has l»cen accomplished I be
.licve Chat Felf-sov«-rr:ment should be piven
•o. the natives under a protectorate «if the
I'nitod States, with such oor.trol of the
finnnccs and general direct-ion of affairs as
would enable r.ur country to be .remu
nerated for nil its advances, ar.d obtain all
the advartnjres that would flow from such
a relationship.
HENRY C. McPIKE—
I nni .opposed to the acquisition of terri
tory by the I'nitcd States Government
which requires the absorption of other na
tions by our own. That kind of expansion
3 Jim opposed to.
1. would adhere as nearly r»s pos=riMe to
¦tho Monroe doctrine.
1 believe the acquisition of the islands
¦wtjuld be detrimental.
••!Uy Ebould not sell our new possessions.
"Acijujred territory'" means cations. Na
tions should not bo made a marketable
tomSrvodity.
A «i.vcnt respoct for the opinions of oth
er nations it is desirable to have and hold;
but too murh pains ehonld not be taken to
please the "world powers." They respect
By because they fiar us: because we are
powerful Jn poirt of numbers; Ingenuity
and prrit and boundless in resources. Let
us take care of our own ::':;iirs. nnd see to
it that the "world powers?* beep hands off
eo far as art an concerned.
I p.nx down on tbc policy «'f expansion.
GAHBET McEHEBSEY—
I stn opposed to the policy of expan
sion. I believe t?ie United States should
ndhere strictly to the provisions of the
Monroe dictrim 1 , and I am- opposed to
?-e acquisition of Cuba. Porto Rico, th<
adrones, Hawaii and 'he Philippines. I
beii.-ve the troops wo have now in the
conquered possessions should be with
drawn sr soon as possible. I think thai
nctiur. cronld be fair to the natives. \V. ;
have troubles and problems enough :it
homi- a;ni same to spare, ami we had bet
ter work crat our own salvation before we
attend to ihe salvation of other?.
TO* S. WOOD—
I am :n favor of the p-siiry «.f rxpans!<«i.
Am for tli" Monroe doctrine. I do ?n.t
think It emers into the case at all. Mon
roe Ceclarcd that the United States would
••vj»w with apprehension" the attempt of
any forelsn power to jrain a foot hold < n
the Anu-rican continent, i do not see
what that has to do with the acquisition
of Territory in the Pacific <>r the Atlantic
by the rn:ie>i Stilus. 1 believe the ae
/j;;i?!iior. of the islands will benefit this
country niri particularly Ban Francisco.
I would not advocate the withdrawal <{
our troop*. I believe wo should establish
a civilized eofernaent in ><v.r new passets
sfons. arri educate ihe people and relieve
them frorrj the tb-alrlom a:i!i slavery they
have borne for "«' years. It wmild 'lie ro
garded a? roen .int for this country t<>
v.ithdraw its troops from the islands
where ih<\v Tnw hoM possession. I am
F:;tist)e<i Kith the poUey of the Govern
ment reparilitiB expansion.
HENRY C. DIBBLE—
(Member ..f the California Legislature.)
I am in favor of expansion, but not in
favor of conquest for iiK^ramiizemont.
Applying the question to Ihe situation in
the Far ICast. I have no hesitation in so.y
ir,K that the administration of President
McKlntey ha<i 210 alternative but to ac
quire r\A ro'.tiin the Philippine Islands.
!\"<r could any otner course have been
taken than to reevre and retain the Island
o' Porto Blew.
l do n<>t pee that the filonrbe doctrine
hns any application, to th° question* in
rolred in the retention of the Philippine*
and Porto ,RIco. The Monroe doctrine in
its application to the relation? between
the lulled States and the other Amer
ica republics should not be abandoned.
1 have no doubt whatever that the ac
quisition of Porto Rico. H&trail and the
Islands in the Far Kast will immensely
benefit tbe t"nit<;d Slates an<1 that it will
B41 prove a detriment to the progr«?Fs o"f
cur country. As to the acquisition of
Cuba. I istand nith the administration of
President McKteley. It has never been
Th" 1 Intention oi the Government to ac
quire permanent dominion over the islirvl.
I certainly do not deem it advisable to
withdraw «ur trot ns from the now posses*
sions. The Use of the I'nited Slates has
been raised over tho islands in the Far
East and over Porto Rico and should
never !»p hauled dawn.
As to our relations to the natives of
the Philippines, pnd the othor islands
which we have .¦¦orjiiirod. it !s our duty
to troa' th. m »-;»h absolute jus»5ce to the
end th.i! they may be educated to accept
American institutions and be ultimately
teeorponted In the b<>dy politic of tho
rrpuSt'ie.
WHAT THE
CLERGYMEN
BELIEVE
REV. K. A. WOODS, First Baptist
Cburch^-Our national history is the
story of expansion. Finn, we cross
ed the JVIUslie; -til. then in the
iwti]wcf.t v-e reached the Pacific, then
ve annexed Florida, then Texas ,ini) Cal.
foniia a:i1 Alaska followed. In each of
h'rso cases the action was opposed by
iart of ovr l«-a<Mrsr men. But who is there
0-day who questions ihe wisdom of these
icts of expaneJan? During the p.ist two
r;"-s the ilsion of the ;>pop!o lias been
Tilarged. A true national altruism bids
:s take our par: la solving the world's
n-oblem*. There is ;i ramify of nations,
uad in this family tbe strorjtrr and more
energetic members have special duties
md recponslbUiUes. SclflFhnws may be
>ational us ivr'i RS , personal, and in
stther case it is ignoble. Our natioh has
i duty to other nations and to the hu
nan race* whi^h cannot be discharged by
i policy* «f selfish isolation. Our civilizat
ion ones a debt to the uncivilized
The ptnr? and stripes give hope and the
statue of liberty gives Hglit to the world.
The expansion of any civilized nation
•means progress for the world in govern
ment. <-<3ucatoin and righteousness. Our
possession of the Philippines is not the
result e.f premeditation and covetousness
The demand of duty, the logic of impera
tive necessity have crowded us into our
Present position. To establish our own
free Chr;ft:an institutions in those islands
and butefa the forces of Ignorance and
darknos is a duty we owe to them, to the
world and 10 the God of nations. Every
Kuch work is a duty we owe to oruselves
Jn doing this we are not called upon to
abjure the Monroe doctrine or break with
our past traditions. Providence has
pushec 1 us forward in the van of national
influence, and to retreat from this po
s.tion would be wor.»c than cowardice
Our expansion has brought greatness to
us. and has been an inspiration and a
lasting benefit to mankind. We are a
missionary nation, voluntarily and invol
untarily. By our literature, our flair
and our missionaries we have been giving
the idea of religious freedom to enslaved
r.ations.To draw back now from the work
which lies before us. when the hour is.
ripe for advance, is to prove false to the
spirit of our forefathers, to part with our
forthright and miss our crown.
REV. WILLIAM RADER—
« Third Congregational Church.)
Much depends upon what is meant by
"cxpansion." As distinguished from im
perialism, I favor expansion, which is to
say the extension of American civiliza
tion consistent with the rights of inferior
.raoef.
In view cf the results of the war with
Ppain it would seem impracticable to ad
here to the Monroe doctrine, the principle
of which was set aside by the Manila vic
tory.
The aequisitionof Cuba. Porto Rico. Ha
waii, the Ladrones and the Philippines
may or may not prove a benefit to our
country. But we did not acquire those
las'.ds for our own benefit, but rather
iheJr protection and development. If we
chanpe our origin«l purport we enter at
or.ee upon a policy of imperial conquest
for srlf-arKTandizcment— a policy con
¦tr»rv to precedent and in violation of the
DR. G. P. FULLER—
jj This war with Soain was forced upon us.
as proper disposition by sale can be made,
but. of course, we must protect them until
such disposition occurs. I think -we can
retire gracefully from our present posi
tion, and it will prove. of greater advan
tage to us to pay more attention to the
development of comparatively unexplored
territory at home.. . , .:-»,
do our duty by them. The country is al
ways lifted by the .reflex inlluence of its
own humanities. We should not with
draw our troops from the new ; posses
sions. We should hold them and supply
them with the open HiMe in the Vernacu
lar of the people," and with tht» public
school. At present we are only supply
ing them with the curse of our own Amer
ican life— tho saloon.
All people have right to life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness. When their
own government fails them at these
points it is not robbery for another na
tion to assume for a nation that can guar
antee these advantages to do so. The
case of nations is not analogous to that
of individuals.
What i* your personal view of the policy
of expansion? Making due allowance for
all the dancers which I see in connection
therewith. I am favorable to it. I also
favor the dismemberment of China. I
regret that Great Britain and the United
States will not at once send an army of
5(10,00(1 jujd every fleet that can be spared
to Chinos* waters ami put just as much
as possible of Chinese territory tinder
Anglo-Saxon free government, religious
toleration and civilization and save as
much as possible of China from the bar
barizing tendencies of the Latin and the
Muscovite.
REV. PHILIP COOMBE —
(Richmond Congregational Church.>
I am in favor of expansion for various
reasons, but principally because our Gov
ernment has been" led Into that direction
through the desire of the people to relieve
oppressed neighbors and because I believe
this nation will become more and more
the good Samaritan to the downtrodden
and degraded of the earth. This policy
can be sustained without the abrogation
of the Monroe doctrine.
I think the acquisition of our new pop
sessions will benefit our nation as surely
as the undertaking of any new responsi
bilities by an individual is beneficial to
him bv increasing his powers and devel
oping "his character. As It has already
been of value to us commercially and In
the present crisis in China by enabling
us to afford quick relief to our own coun
trvmen when in imminent danger there.
To withdraw military and naval protec
tion from a people whose welfare has been
placed In our care, who are incapable of
self-government or self-defense, to leave
those who are peaceably disposed as a
prey to the corrupt and lawless among
themselves, would be a criminal neglect
of duty It would be unfair to a large ma
jority among the natives who desire the
good government which America will give
to them and which they may ultimately
exercise for themselves.
It would make all the nations think that
we are weak and unfitted to occupy the
place which is ours by providential over
ruling, wise statesmanship, loyal citizen
ship, bravely borne flag 1 and blood-bought
purchase. I believe that expansion as an
American policy will help to produce uni
versal respect for the best civilization
the world has ever yet manifested, respect
for the majesty of law and the divinity of
justice and desire for the reign of univer
sal and permanent peace. The time is
coming when pome of the nations of the
earth will co-operate to secure peace on
earth, good will among men, equal rights
for all races of men and classes of society,
and America will take her place as one
of the foremost in bringing to the world
this golden age for which we nre all
longing— which is already dawning.
DR. S. TRASK— I don't believe it is
particularly the duty of the United
States to attempt the reformation
of the world or its uncivilised peo
ple. Naturally trade facilities are
benefited to a great extent by these ac
quisitions, but as the United States al
ready possesses more than enough, of
these heterogeneous elements to make a
great nation the addition of millions of
an inferior race will prove a source of
great danger. ' • .
DR. C. D. McGETTIGAN—
I am unalterably opposed to expansion,
as it Is but another name for commercial
ism and greed. The Monroe doctrine
should be adhered to. Spain or no Spain.
The trouble we have had with Porto Rico
in reference to- free trade should teach us
that the acquisition of- Hawaii, the La
drones and the Philippines will be a cause
of more. We should leave outsiders alone.
Withdraw our troops from the Philippines,
provided we can do so without losing
prestige in the eyes of the world, which I
think possible, and dispose of them with
that in view,
DR. A. P. O'JBRIEN—
I am a firm believer in the Monroe doc
trine, and don't believe that conditions
are any different now in relation to that
than before the Spanish war. I am of the
belief that the acquisition of Hawaii was
due to a voluntary move on the part of
the people. These Hawaiian Islands and
the Island of Guam of the Ladrones are
certainly a source of strength to the
United States, from a strategic point of
view. The people of Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines are of that class that will
not assimilate with us. being imbued with
the solrtit of revolution, and, while there
may be some trade advantages, 1 con
sider their disposal will prove of benefit.
The troops should be withdrawn as soon
fundamental principles of the American
Government.
If Congress holds to the following dec
laration respecting Cuba, the higher pur
pose of expansion will be realized: "That
the I'nited States hereby disclaims any
dis|>osition or intention to exercise sov
ereignty; jurisdiction or control over said
island except for the pacification thereof.
«nd asserts its determir.atoin, when that
is accomplished, to leave the government
and control bl the Island to its people."
(April 18, 1£9S.)
It is the plain duty of the United States
to insure the privilege of self-government
where none exists or to create the capac
ity of self-government where that capac
ity does not obtain.
Jn order to do this armies, as well as
teachers and schools, may be necessary/
No. it would not look well to sell our so
called rescued children at public auction.
We must remain with these subjects Just ;
as long as they need oiir sympathetic help.
I do not believe in the theory of empire
for i ho sake of possessions.
1 believe our country should keep clear
of foreign entablements, develop her
home institutions and resources, and- not
selfishly soek the earth.
if by the exigencies of inevitable war
certain lands fnll under -our l'.ap, let us,
protect our subjects and build them up in
j lw .doctrines and spirit of American in
stitutions.
My r« plies are made upon the assump
tion" that the wars with these foreign peo
ples wore sincere and inevitable.
REV. W. E. DUGAN—
(Meniorial United Presbyterian Church.) j
1 axn in favor of expansion.
At the time the Mor.ro« doctrine came
Into existence we were a weak and de
pendent nation as Icompared to the pros- j
cut. anil as such it was then a wise policy |
: to "keep out of the broils of Europe," but |
as one of the leading powers of the world
nr.d as a Christian nation we can no long
er consistently adhere strictly to the Mon
roe die-trine.
The acquisition of Cuba, Porto Rico. Ha
waii and the Philippines will eventually
become a benefit to the United States. We
mnet wait for the harvest; Ap y«?t we arc
only breaking th>- sail and petting ready
to fo«- the need. >>'¦> trt« ai and wise enter
prise expects to reap immediate results,
and the greater the enterprise and the
more there is involved the lonpor will it
be before the harvest i« gathered, but the
richer it will be in tho gathering. It takes
<;.id »-enturicF to build an oak after lie
plants the acorn. The Almighty works
slowly but surely. Let us not get in too
much hurry about fruits.
No. I do not think we might to withdraw
our irooops frnm tlio now possessions and
dispose of the acquired territory by sale
to other nations. Such' an action would
not 1>p fair to the natives and would give
us a: very pitiable standing in the eyes of
the other world powers.
My personal view of expansion is that
we ought to expand. With me it is not so
much a question of pain hs a question of
responsibility. All th:s cry about our tak
ing away the liberty of these islands, that
want to l»e froo. is nothing hut morMd
Bentitnentaltsm. We have not taken away
any liberty, r.or do we intend to. God has
placed us in a position to administer jus
t!eo and to civilize, and if we shirk our
responsibility we may expert to he swal
lowed tip by some huge ""Jonah whale."
Tn withdraw row from our new posses
sions would not ony bo rminliiR from duty.
but it would prove to the world that we
were, at war only for the "ripe plums."
A growing trrr> mu>t eTjiand or die. Our
expansion, so lonp ns we serve the purpose
of God. is but a nigh of our exuberant
national life. All things are moving to
w.ird a one world power, and we must
move with H or beat ourselves to foam
and final annihilation by fighting against
it. The division of the world into little
power* is the work of the devil. Impe
rialism is of <"!od. The kingdoms in the
providence of i;<.-d mu^t become fewer and
fewer until at last they -hall he gathered
together in one. Just as the Government
of the rnited. States is better than for
each State to be. a little Independent re
public, so would a world power, with its
laws framed in equity and justice, be bet
tor than a l^t of antagonistic powers. The
trouble of groat empires in the past ha?
been that they ignored God. x
!>>t the United States, holding to the
homes of the altar, push herself to the
ends of the universe.
EABBI JACOB NIETO—
iCor.prepation Sherith Israel. )
I am d*>cide<iiy in favor of expansion.
The Monroe dictrfne should not be allowed
to interfere with the progress and develop
ment of civilization and commerce. The
more markets the more prosperity; the
more strategic possessions the greater se
curity 1 think it obligatory on the United
States to establish in all its new posses
sions civil prnverr.ments. and cs speedily as
possible v> introduce our American school
ETEtem. They should all be developed on
tiii> pjime lines as Territories and given
the same privileges, with the exception </f
Cuba, which should he a republic under
the protection cf the United States. Only
such troops should be maintained as
would guarantee security of life and prop
erty. We are not real estate dealers, so
should not sHl our lands to other na
tions, r.nr for the matter of that should
wo grant them coaling or telegraph sta
tirns on or near them, even thouph they
might offer us West India island3 in re
turn. Handing over our new possessions
to others would certainly not tend to reas
sure the natives or put them in that
peaceful frame of mind so essentially
no-oo^ary to their discontinuing target
practice and directing their attention and
to the development of commerce
and industry. In the eyes of the nations,
abandoning these people would certainly j
rnran that we had overestimated ourselves
and were proclaiming our incomp^tenoy
and our impotence to carry out our self
imposrd task.
In regard io expansion. I do not fop how
it can be proventM. History and common
per.se demonstrate that modern Civiliza
tion must Inevitably displace the old. The
conflict of West against East begins as
poon as new markets are opened up in the
Orient. It is only a question of time when
th<- now will supplant the old. It has hap
l»e-iicd before, it is happening now and it
will continue to occur so long as this
world exists, and no announcement of
principle made at any time or by any one
ran alt^r th<» law of the universe, not even
the Czar and his "peace proclamation."
REV. E. NELANDER—
(First English Lutheran.)
A national policy of territorial expan
sion usually means the conquest of weak
er nations in order to satisfy the lust of
power. Then it is that the strong wax
fat on the carcass of the weak. Then
might makes right. Vae victis! Thus it
is that the weaker nations are from time
to time disappearing from the map. The
Republic of Transvaal and the Empire of
China are at the present time setting
forth the feast for the vultures.
But the fact remains that we did not
acquire Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii, the
Ladrones and the Philippines by a war of
conquest. We have shown the world that
war can be waged in the interest of
peace. Among the just functions of gov
ernment is the righting of wrongs, which
can only be accomplished by the chastise
ment of evil doers. The dominating in
fluence In our recent war was the gospel
of the humanities. This war, undertaken
In the Interest of law and order and hu
man rights, left us facing the question of
further additions to our territory. We
may not want the addition, but the ques
tion Is can we avoid the moral responsi
bility of taking them under our care. To
withdraw our troops from the new pos
sessions and dispose of the acquired ter
ritory' by sale or otherwise would not only
be cruel and treacherous to the natives
and place us in an unenviable light before
the nations of the world, but It ¦would,
above all, be forsaking faith with God.
We should as a nation eschew the pride
of conquest, but on the other hand be
willing to assume any responsibility
whatsoever In the interest of broad civil
ization and humanity. If this be expan
sion doctrine, then 1 am proud to preach
it. Undoubtedly the acquisition of this
new territory will benefit not only its in
habitants, but our own country as well.
It will add to our greatness and commer
cial prosperity. But that is not the point.
What we should strive for la to give our
national life a splendid magnificence In
the purpope of God. j
REV. JOHN A. B. WILSON—
(Howard Methodist Episcopal Church.) '.
Since it has been so providentially thrust
upon us, I am in favop of expansion. I
believe that it is the duty of the United
States to adhere strictly to the provisions
of the Monroe doctrine. The acquisition
of Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii, the La
drcnes and the Philippines ought to prove
beneficial to this country and will If -we
far as the other governments are concern
ed they have all they can do to mind their
business. If. however, any other govern
ment should attempt to interfere with
these natives then it would be but right
for the United States Government to say
hands off, as. was done by Secretary rew
ard when he spoke to France regarding
our next door neighbor. Mexico. ¦ .
I am against expansion, unless It be
north Into the heart of Canada. .
W. H. GOFF—
(Delegate to -the Building Trades and
Labor Councils.)
I am In favor of expansion under rea
sonable conditions.
Live up to the Monroe doctrine.
With the exception of the Philippines,
we do not want the new possessions.
They are too far away- and it would take
too long to spread our system of freedom
and independent manner of living: and yet
be free.
0. 0. TVEITMOE—
(President of the Cement Workers* Union
of California.)
I do not favor; expansion in any shape
where it conflicts with our organic form
of government.
An adherence to the Monroe doctrine
in all its bearing is my policy.
The acquisition of the islands, one and
all. are a detriment to us.
Withdraw tho troops at once and give
the people a protectorate until such time
as they are iinnly established in a form
of their government.
It would be fair and just, to withdraw
our troops.- What concern is -it of. ours
what othor governments think of us? V* e
do not trouble ourselves about the doings
of other governments.
E. N. MAISBARY
(Prcsident of. the .Board of Directors, of
San Francisco Labor Temple.)
I am in favor of expansion in its broad
est sense.
Most decidedly stick to the Monroe doc
trine.
The future alone can only tell If the
new possessions will benefit us, but it is
probable it may redound to the advantage
of this country In time if the Inhabitants
take kindly to our form of government.
The troops should not be withdrawn, nor
the flag pulled down.
It would be unjust to the natives and be
looked upon as a weak-kneed policy on
the part of this Government.
My individual opinion is to extend tho
constitution and American flag to the ut
termost ends of the earth.
ROBERT WATT, vice president of
Langley & Michaels, wholesale drug-
I I gists— I do /lot favor expansion. I
-*¦ *• am against it. I never was a strong
believer in the Monroe doctrine, but I
think that in the Philippine transaction
we have thrown it away. We cannot de
fend it until we give up our present policy
of acquisition of foreign territory.
The natives of the islands we have ac
quired are unfit for citizenship. Admit
ting them to the Union will Involve great
danger to nur institutions, even if they
are held only as territories.
I do not favor selling the acquired ter
ritory. I do not believe in selling out any
peopie. I do not think that Spain had
any right to sell the Philippines. I be
lieve in treating the Philippines as we
have promised to treat Cuba. When they
can stand on their own feet we should
let them govern -themselves. A protec
torate, mignt naturally be instituted. It
might be good policy to keep Porto Rico
ana the L.adrones as foreign outposts.
I do not believe in expansion. Tnis is
a' great country, and It will take another
century to develop It. Better pay atten
tion to our own country and leave foreign
countries alone. Many favor territorial
expansion to get trade. 1 do not believe
that expansion Is necessary for trade.
Prices bring business. We could trade
just as well. If the Hag did not fly abroad,
by making the prices low.
JOHN F. MERRILL—
(Vice president Holbrook. Merrill & Stet
son, wholesale hardware dealers.)
I favor limited expansion, but not to
grab everything in sight. The acquisition
of the territory mentioned will benefit the
United States, and I see no great danger
in holding it. Jso, I would not withdraw |
the troops, and I favor keeping the ter
ritory. I did not favor taking the Philip
pines, but 1 do not think it would be fair
to the natives to withdraw. Kxparvsion
to a limited degree is good. I favor hold
ing Luzon for a coaling station and ltt
ting the other Philippines go. I do not
favor acquisition of territory in China by
the United States.
ISAAC TJPHAM—
(President Payot & Upham, wholesale
stationers.) ;
- I favor expansion. JIany Democrats
favor it. I am an administration man. |
I favor the Monroe doctrine. If foreign
nations should be admitted to Central ¦
America or South America great ques- i
tions would be opened up. We can draw j
no line where the Monroe doctrine can
safely be set aeide. We must adhere
strictly to it.
The territory we have acquired will
benefit the United States. We have bene
fited by "all previous acquisitions of ter
ritory; and we will all see the benefit of
the later acquisitions. I certainly do not
favor withdrawing our troops or disposing
of any of the islands we have taken.
Cuba we have not taken. To with
draw the troops would not be fair to the
natives, nor would it be fair to dispose of
the property. No other nation in the
world would do that.
Expansion should toe limited to whit we
already have, unless we have good
reason in the future, as we havu had in
the past, to get more territoiy. The
Chinese business will be ticklish, lime
enough to consider that when we come
to lt.f
ISIDOR GTJT'TB—
(Manager Pacific Coast Department Mag
deberg Fire Insurance Company. )
I am opposed to expansion. We have
undeveloped territory enough at home
without going 7000 miles abroad to ac
quire more.
I favor the Monroe doctrine decidedly;
but we cannot do much with it if we go
filibustering. We are not to take Cuba.
Porto Kico and Hawaii — we have ail right.
The Philippines we cannot keep without
maintaining an army and navy thero all
the time, i would let the Philippines go
at any price and would wltiuliaw me
troops. The natives are not bting treated
fairly now in the Philippines. We do not
need to expand. We have all Uk \ax\\ a*
home that we can occupy for hundreds
of years. Germany, with its 60 0G0 OX)
people, could be put into California alone
several times.
A. SCHILLING—
(Wholesale dealer coffees, teas an«l spices )
I favor expansion. The Monroe doctrine
should not stand in the way of our ad
vancement. The acquisition of cur new
territory will benefit us. No; 1 would not
withdraw our troops nor sell the n*j»v tf»r
ritory. Such action would not be fair in
the natives or to ourselves. Exuan«ion u
a good thing.
T. J. PABSONS—
(President Del Monte Milling Company.)
I favor expansion with qualifications I
don't see how we can get out of what we
have done. We should adhere to the Mon
roe doctrine. The Maximilian affair and
the recent talk about German colonization
In Brazil Illustrate the necessity to main
tain that doctrine. ¦ maln "
The acquisition of our new territory in
volves very serious questions. We *hall
make progress for the present by reason
of such acquisition, but the ultima »»«
suit wlll'not be the best. The i£Sr?orE
tion of races not in accord with uk in, I£
particular into the Union Is dkngeUu^
will be many generations before they are
qualified to vote. They will fu»n&h »
temptation to political parties when elec
toral votes are needed, to make State*
I would not withdraw the troops Weca*'
not do so with anv creo.lt to our««iv«« »
H. D. LOVELAND—
(Traffic Manager Pacific Coast Jobbers/
and Manufacturers' Association and
We President of Tillman &: Bendel.)
I am decidedly in favor of expansion. I
favor taking our part in the advance of
the world regardles of the Monroe doc
trine or any other. We will be benefited
by our acquisitions of territory'- The
greatest nation on the earth, numerically
considered, will l>e dismembered, or foot
holds will bo gained In their country in
spheres of influence. If we had not per
formed the part we have during the past
two years the United States would be
without influence in the consideration of
any such matter.
Decidedly 1 do not favor withdrawing
our troops from or disposing of in any
way any territory that we have. Such ac
tion would not be fair to the natives and
it would be cowardly, and be so considered
bv other nations, to refuse to extend civ
ilization to the native people*. We cannot
expand too much, fairly and honestly. If
we become Involved in war with other na
tions by such expansion. I still believe in
it. If the Government sees fit to expand
by purchase, I believe in that.
MANY FAVOR EXPANSION ON AMERICAN CONTINENT
would hold everything, including Cuba.
To leave our new territory would not be
fair tn the natives until they are able to
establish a secure government. We would
suffer in the estimation of other powers,
because it would appear that we were
fearful of asuming responsibilities and
ready to shirk our part in the affairs of
the world. Circumstances have forced ua
into our present position. I do not under
stand that there is any policy of expan
sion. What has already taken place has
been forced upon us. I certainly do not
favor taking in any part of China. I am
opposed to any further expansion outside
of the American Continent. I am in favor
of expansion on the American Continent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 190a.
WII/LIAM "HAAS—
(President of Associated Wholesale Gro
cers of the Pacific Coast.)
I favor expansion decidedly. I do not
think that we can consider the Monroe
doctrine as much hereafter as we have in
the past. Surely some of our new posses
sions will be of vast benefit to us. As to
otners, I cannot make up my mind, at
present. Hawaii is a bonanza, or will
prove tn be one. AVe should keep the
troops where they are for awhile. I would
not care for the present, to dispose of any
territory until we -know what we have.
We should not consider the natives in this
matter. As for the standing of this Gov
ernment, the world has a good opinion or
it and will always have. As a" 1 general
principle. I favor expansion in all matters
and things.
EDWIN R. DIMOND—
(Of Williams. Dimond <fe Co.. Shipping and
Commission Merchants.)
We are all for expansion. The acquisi
tion of territory from Spain does not af
fect the Monroe doctrine. We carried out
that doctrine. We have been benefltsd.
Trade has been largely stimulated and we
have seen what will he possible In th^
future by what has already developed. We
should not withdraw our trooops. We can
not sell any of the new territory acquired
any more than we can sell Oklahoma or
Alaska. To sell would not be fair to the
natives. It would make us ridiculous in
the eyes of the world. We all favor the
present policy, but would not favor all
possible expansion. We would not favor
the partition of China. We do not aee any
such political design.
WTLLIAM H. SHERWOOD —
(Manager of Sherwood & Sherwood, Ship
ping and Commission Merchants.)
I am in favor of expansion. I do not
think that the United States should ad
here strictly to the Monroe doctrine, for it
is of no practcal use. It would be much
better for the United States to have Cen
tral America and South America exploited
by the European nations than t« have
them controlled by the revolutionary gov
ernments of the last yo years. Cuba. Porto
Rico. Hawaii, the Ladrones and the Phil
ippines will all benefit the United States.
We should treat them as colonial posses
sions, as the English, do their acquisitions.
and not as a part of the United States.
This country should not surround its fu
ture with the Monroe doctrine, as with a
Chinese wall.
No. it would, be unwise to withdraw our
troops, for the*-lslands promise to be a
source of great wealth to the United
States. Some indication of this is fur
nished by Hawaii, which is. agriculturally,
richer than any part of the older territory
of this country, and the possibilities of
wealth from the Philippines are a hundred
fold greater than those of Hawaii. It is
not for the interest of the natives to have
us withdraw. What has happened in the-
South and Central American States is il
lustrative. The natives need a strong,
government. I personally favor the pol
icy of expansion.
PREPARING FOR THE FOURTH.
Citizens of Sutter Creek Will Cele
brate in Koyal Style.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON. July 2.— The citizens of Slit
ter Creek have decided to celebrate ths
Fourth in a most patriotic manner. Be
sides the usual parade to be participated
In by the various civic societies, firemen
and citizens generally, including the Pres
ton School hand and the San Andreas
band, ten athletes from the Olympic Club
of San Francisco have been engaged to
give performances. Colonel I* S. Calkins
of Nevada City will deliver an oration and
Mmf. Klizabeth Reginn Mnwry of San
Francisco -will sine: one or raorf patriotic
sons:?. Rev. James Whltaker will be the
chaplain. For dancing a platform has
been erected which is ninety feet lonar
and the full width of Main street. Every"
house in town will be elaborately dec
orated and there is every reason to ex
pect a celebration that will eclipse even
the sptendld Admission day observance
held last vear.
otherwise I would say adhere to the Mon
roe doctrine. These countries so lately
acquired may prove of great benefit, but
will require the presence of our troops for
some time. The Filipinos, as I under
stand; it; are a class of people unable to
govern themselves, and, as we have taken
tho initiative, we must persevere in the
Course taken and prevent other foreign
nations from interfering.
DR. 3UNNELL—
There is no doubt In my mind that the
United States hns. profited to a great ex
tent by its war with Spain, speaking com
mercially. Having taken this step 1 think
the United States is morally obliged to
see that the lands acquired are properly
governed.
reau.)
4
LEADERS OF
LABOR GIVE
THEIR VIEWS
PHYSICIANS
EXPRESS
OPINIONS
AS VIEWED
BY PROMINENT
MERCHANTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L2j/\'^7y^y^' Wiliil
¦W^s Sleep."
Sleeplessness marks the very. climax
of human suffering. It is only a step
removed from insanity. When sleep no
longer restores the 1 exhausted nature, the
struggle with disease cannot last long.
The starting point of the nervous dis-
orders which produce ill - health and
sleeplessness, is generally a diseased
condition of the womanly organs. Re-
store these organs to sound health and
the appetite comes back, the day's work
no longer wearies, and sleep is sound
and refreshing. Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription cures diseases of the wom-
anly organs. . It stops the drains which
weaken women ; it neals the inflamma-
tion and ulceration, and cures female
weakness.
There is no alcohol in " Favorite Pre-
scription" and it is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
It is a temperance medicine.
" 5Iy health has been poor for many years and
I had taken a great deal of medicine. Imt it did
me no good." writes Mrs. Rose Kennedy, of
Sprinsbluff. Adams Co., Wis. "Last August mv
health was very poor; I had no appetite an3
could not sltep. I wrote to Dr. Pierce and he
kindly advised me to take his ' Favorite Pre-
scription.* I took fire bottles of the • Prescrip-
tion J and one bottle of the.' Golden Medical Dis-
covrry,' and I feel like a new woman."
Cure sick headache by using Doctor
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.MODESTO, July 2.— Yesterday after
noon-Walter Wilhoit, a deckhand: on «the
river • steamer J. R. : McDonald, r was
drownedln the San Joaquln ' River four
miles below Granger. He was' in ' bathing
and got into ; the swift current of .the
river and. was -soon beyond aid. Deceased
was a native of Iowa, aged about 21 years.
While Bathing Was Carried Bsyond
: His Depth by the" Swift Current
of , the Stream. ...
WALTER WILHOIT DROWNED
IN SAN JOAQUIN RIVER
Reno Cyclists I>o Good Work,
RENO, Nov.. July 2.— The Reno wheel
man had a tryout this morning to salcct
PITTSBURG. July S.— Tbe boxing con
test to-night at the Milvale Opera-house
lietwo^n Jack McClelland of this city
r.nd Ofcar Gardner of "Wheeling was de
clared a draw after twenty rounds of fast
End clever f. ghtlnqr.
Declared a Draw.
Slater Loses to Ortega 0"wing to Bad
Accident. -
SAN JOSH, July 2— In the f.ght be
'tveea Harry Slater and Jack Ortega at
<he Pavilion to-r.isrht Slater's left arm
w.ip brokon famt above the wrist in the
eighth round. The fight was then given
to Ortrga. Slater had the better of it up
to the time of the accident.
BREAKS HIS ABM.
KEW YORK. July 2.— The
round at ihirtv-six holes, medal play, jn
the amateur golf championship tourna
ment of the United States was played to
day ovrr the links of the Garden City Gol*
Club. Garden City. L. I. Out of 221 polfers
who havp entered for th<» content 103 put
in an app»aranre. Of these thirty-three
qualified for the thirty-two places, and
one of five men tied for the last place will
drop out.
Walter J. Travis, of the Oakland (L,. I.)
end Garden City Golf Clubs took the hon
ors l>y making the best Fcore for the thir
ty-six h<Mes. In the morning he took
*-IghT v-fjve ?trokrs for the first round, but
in the atiTnron he did th* course in
eighty-one.' taaJclng a total of 165.
FirKilay Douelns. champion of 1S3S. went
around in 17G, v.hile H. M. Harrlman. the
present champion, made the thirty-six
holes in 179.
Aisateur Meet Opens on the Links at
Garden City.
GOLF TOTJBNAMENT.
Preparations for the one week's carnival
of sport at Del Monte are progressing
rapidly. Golf, tennis, yachting, polo
matches and polo pony racing will consti
tute the card. The first in the field with
a complete programme Is T. A. Driscoll,
who has had charge of the racing end of
this big sports festival.
The conditions attached to the entries
for the polo pony races are that the po
nies must have been played in the polo
tournament and must be measured in the
morning before the races. Any pony win
ning' a race will be penalized fifteen
pounds In all subsequent races in -which it
is entered. This Is to give the entire field
a chance against the owner of one or more
verv* high class horses. The Gentries will
close August 1. and should be forwarded
to T. A. Drlscoll, Parrott building.
As soon as the pony races are concluded
at Del Monte the ponies will be shipped to
Sacramento, and there, under the auspices
of the Pacitlc Coast Polo and Pony Racing
Association, races will be run at^the time
of. the fair. After that a card will be pre
pared for a series at Tanforan Park, thus
completing a circuit of polo pony races,
the latest novelty for society. .
The programme at Del Monte, beginning
on the 13th of August, Js as follows: .
FinST DAT.'
First race— Three-sixteenths of a mile" for
polo ponl«s; jrelsht. 160 pounds and upward: $.5
to flrft. J25 to second. ¦"
Seccnd race— One mile, for horses owned and
ridrten by residents of Monterey - and Santa
Cruz counties: weight. 150 pounds and upward;
J50 to first, $10 to second. . . ; ¦
Third race— Five furlonc*. for ponies: weight.
165 Vounds and upward: $75 to first and J2j to
"Fourth race-Half mile. 5 or ,POlO fl PonlM;
weight, 165 pounds and upward; »50 to Brat. Ka
to gecend. '•;' • •
Fifth rcce— One mile, open maiden race;
•weight 150 pounds and upward; J6o to nrst, IIj
tO sfxth" race— San Mateo Hunt Steeplechase,
four miles; weight for age. four years 1M
pounds, five years 162 pounds, six years 1.2
i>ounds- for horses regularly hunted with San
Mateo hounds: owners must forward master
fox-hounds' certificate with entry; for cup pre
sented by J. J. Moore.
SECOND DAT.
First race— Four-sixteenths of a miles, for polo
ponies; handicap;, lowest weight, 145 pounds:
fZO to nrst, !25 to second. . "'¦¦„.
Second race— One mile open, handicap; $73 to
first. IIS to second. - •
Third - race— Del Monte cup: one mile, for
ponies; weight, 165 pounds and upward.
Fourth race— Five-eighths of a mile, for polo
ponies; weight, 163 pounds and upward; $75 to
firnt. !I5 to second.
Fifth rac»— One ami a half miles: hurdle race
for ponies fourteen and a half hands and under;
allowance, 2 pounds for each half Inch under
fourteen and a half hands:, weight 165 pounds
and upward; $73 to first. $25 to sectond. .
Sixth race — Steeplechase, open handicap; four
miles; $150 to first. $50 to second.
i ——————
Polo Horses Will Be Taken on a.Cir
cuit After the Del Monte Meet
ing, Beginning on
August 13.
All Kinds of Events Pre
pared for the Big Sport
Carnival.
SOCIETY MEN TO
RIDE PONIES ON
MONTEREY TRACK
, SANTA CRUZ. July 2.— J. S. Swank,
who died on the Zenlandla on the way. to
Nome, was a 'pioneer of Calaveras Coun
ty.- Foe many years he resided-in Watsan
viHe. where he served as Justice of the
Peace. He was ' a native of "Ohro, aged
63 years. v'HhSHSSH
J. S. Swank.
Mrs. Harriet L. Dyer.
Special Di!"r>ateh',to.The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 2.— % Ncws has
been received herefof the death In Los
Angeles of Mrs. Harriet L. Dyer, a former
resident of this, place. Mrs. Dyer had
been HI for a year past with a malignant
cancer, and' It was i this that caused her
death. She leaves one son. Frank Dv«r
of Pacific Grove, and one daughter. Mrs.
Lizzie Potter of -Los Angeles. The re
ma'ins were taken to Oakland for inter
ment. •¦ . ! - . " t , . J— .. ,
"CHEFU, July 1.— Secretary of Navy.
Washington: | Oregon has run aground.
It is not in a dangerous position: about
3S degrees north latitude, 20- degrees 40
minutes east longitude. Have sent to her
assistance three, naval, vessels. It is re
ported that there is water In one com
partment. The commander of the Oregon
did not request assistance, inert from a
Japanese man-of-war having boarded ves
sel. . . • KEMPFF."
WASHINGTON. July 2.-Secretary Long
stated to-day that no vessel had been
dispatched to China to take the place 'of
the Oregon. At- present he had no inten
tion of sending another vessel.
"WASHINGTON*. July. 2.— The following
cablegram has been received at the Navy
Department from Admiral KempfT:
OREGON'S POSITION NOT
CONSIDERED DANGEROUS
This afternoon a number of young peo
ple went bathing in the creek. A young
lady- of the party, being unable to swim,
put on a life preserver and ventured into
the water. Her friends, thinking that she
needed no assistance, paid little attention
to her and she drifted down the creek un
noticed for a considerable distance, when
her life preserver slipped off and she com
menced to sink. Mr. Melzner. who was
going to the bath houses, heard her cries
for help and rushing to the bank plunged
Into the water and brought her ashore.
The parties are strangers and the young
lady, though profuse In her thanks, re
fused to divulge her name.
SAN RAFAEL. July 2.— A young lady
was saved from drowning to-day at Larit
spur by the prompt action of Hugh Melz
ner, a merchant of that town.
Prompt Action of Hugh Melzner of
Larkspur Saves a Bather
•FTom Death.
Special Disrwtch to The Call.
YOUNG WOMAN 'NEARLY
DROWNED WHILE 'BATHING
Justice Rosenthal refused to proceed
further and caused quite a little conster
nation. The law prohibits such marriages
and provides punishment by a fine not to
exceed J1000 cr one year in Jail for the
parties performing the marriage, and im
prisonment not exceeding ten years for
the parties contracting such marriage.
Sebartiano Sessarego. aged 50. and Nlco-
Ielta Arata. who gave her age as 30, were
the couple to l>e wedded, and had taken
their places side by side, while the best
man and the bridesmaid looked pleasantly
on. Things progressed r.ll right until the
Justice asked if they were related, and
then their relationship was revealed.
SAN JOSE. July 2.— A quiet little wed
ding, that was arranged at the home of
the bride's parents, in the southern part
of the city, for this afternoon was abrupt
ly terminated in its midst and the mar
riage license confiscated by Justice of the
Peace Rosenthal. The cause of the dis
comfiture was the consanguinity of the
groom and bride, who are uncle and niece.
That /the Contracting Parties
f Are Blood Relations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At Last Moment the Justice IMscovers
The young man had two married sisters
residing at Vallejo. Wilhoit joined the
crew of the steamer at Stockton. The
current is swift where the drowning oc
curred and the body has not been recov
ered. .-¦.:•; :•¦ »:.;.¦¦
WEDDING CEREMONY IS .
ABRUPTLY INTERRUPTED
LONDOX, July 2.— The annual con\-entlon of
the Amertcan Society of Civil " Engineers
opened to-day. About - 200 Americans ¦ were
present. - They were welcomed by.. Sir _- Douglas
Fox. President' Wallace of Chicago ..reclled.;
BOSTON. July 2— The United States
army transport Sedgwick, having on
board more than 400 female teachers from
Cuba, being the third of the fleet bringing
the Instructors to this country for a sea
son of study at Harvard University's sum
mer school, arrived to-day. . Two more
transports are yet to come.
Visiting Cuban Teachers.
CHICAGO. July Z.—A. thunderstorm that
suddenly burst upon Chicago to-night,
after a day' of torrid weather, tore down
the tents at the Khorassan Carnival
Loomls and Congress streets, caused . a
panic among 3000 persons and did much
other damage to property and individuals
throughout the city. Five deaths and nu
merous prostrations resulted from the In
tense heat preceding the storm.
It was several degrees the hottest day
this year, the thermometer registering 91
at 4 o'clock. The following deatns were
reported: ....
JOHN KART. sunstroke, while at work,
fell to ground and was killed.
MRS. FLORA GRIFFITH, fatal attack
of vertigo, brought on by heat. •
KARL JOSLAR. overcome with heat
while walking upstairs, fell to bottom and
was killed. - . •
HENRY KLOCK, died in lodging-house
from heart failure, superinduced by heat.
JACOB BAKER of Polo. 111., fell on the
sidewalk from heat and died while being
taken to the hospital.
Chicago Suffers From a Torrid Day
That Is Followed by Thun
' der Storm. i
FIVE DEATHS AS THE
RESULT OF HOT WAVE
Speaking of the beach line. Captain
Enefson states that the squatters are»8till
occupying the Government ground, but
that there Is no doubt that they are en
tirely wrong. Tho authorities and every
body else are awaiting the arrival of Gen
eral Randall to settle all disputes. The
expectation is that the beach line will be
ck-ared of squatters by force If necessary.
Town lots are bringing all the way from
$5000 to $10,000. and unusually excellent
sites are sold for more. There is a great
demand for realty. Captain Enefson states
that but little news had been received
from the creek district at the time he left.
The frost is still in the ground and active
work had hardly commenced. W. F.-W1L
cox, one of the passengers, is a Govern
ment employe and has recently completed
a survey of the trail inland via Katmal,
which was discovered by Deputy Land
Surveyor Herman R. Smith.
SEATTLE, July 2.— The steamer Robert
Dollar, being the third vessel from Nome
within the past twenty-four hours, ar
rived In port to-day at 9 o'clock. Captain
Charles Enefson, who brough her here
from Alaska, states that he was delayed
five days at Dutch Harbor by. reason of
a shortage of coal. There were but three
passengers aboard.
The Dollar brings the first authentic
news from Sinrock. Purser Kennedy says
that when they left there it was demon
strated that the point was destined to de
velop Into a thriving camp. Several hun
dred miners are now engaged on the
beach.
attle, Bringing News From
the Far North.
Steamer Robert Dollar Reaches Se-
He is credited with thinking that three
months must elapse before affairs will be
settled enough to permit the resumption
of business. A large body of British are
ap-;iln reported to be In Swaziland. Gen
eral Rundle has issued a proclamation an
nouncing that farmers discovered to have
been harboring armed ex-burghers and
not informing: against them will have their
farms confiscated, and the receipts they
hold for goods requisitioned canceled, or
they will be compelled to pay a_ tine of
not less than a half-crown per mdrgen on
the area of their farms.
The War Office has received the follow
ing dispatch from General Buller:
"STANDERTON. July 1.— General Tal
bot Coke, with the Tenth Brigade, recon
noltered June 29 toward Amesfoort (Trans
vaal) and found '.WOO of the enemy there
with guns in a strong position. Having
shelled them he retired and was not fol
lowed up. Ills casualties were tv/o killed
and six wounded."
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS
FOR ALASKAN TOWN LOTS
Thinks Three Months Must Elapse
Bsf ore Conditions Are Settled
in South Africa,
LONDON. July 3. 3:20 a. m.— It is clear
that Lord Roberts docs not consider the
war in South Africa ended, as he has put
a stop to the ¦ leturn of- civilians and has
ordered mining men back to Bloemfontei-n.
ROBERTS DOES NOT
- CONSIDER WAR ENDED
Lashed Till Their Blood Kan for
Having Refused to Do Hard
Work Without Pay.
LONDON, July 3.— The Rotterdam cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
• "It develops that the recent mutiny at
Shinkalcassa Fort, near Boma, was due
to the abominable treatment of the sol
diers' wives by the governor of the fort,
vrho, when the women refused to do hard
manual labor without pay, had them
etrlpped and flogged till the blood, ran
down their bodies. The mutineers are
now all exterminated. They were hunted
down and shot on sight or lashed to tho
mouths of cannon and blown to pieces by
platoons before admiring Belgian officials
in gala dress by order of the acting gov
ernor. .
BUFFALO. July 2.— Coral las fell in the
fourth race at Fort Erie to-day and
Jockey Landry suffered a fracture of the
collar bone. Results:
' Six furlongs— Ralston won, Annie Lauretta
second, Balse third. Time. 1:15.
Five furlongs— Fleche d'Or won, William
Gerstle second, Amorcao third. Time, l:02<4.
One mile— Lady of the West won. Earl Fonso
second, Oliver third. Time, 1:41%.
Six furlongs — McGrathlana Prince won. Dan
gerous Maid second. Zanone third. Time, l:14'i.
Six and a half furlongs, celling:— Mattock won,
Ocie Brooks eecond. Poorlands third. Time,
VMW.
Mile and a sixteenth — Chopin won, Fre«
Lance second. Beguile third. Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs^ — Hie Away won, Zanone second.
The Tory third. Time. 1:154.
• •
HORRIBLE CRUELTIES
PERPETRATED ON WOMEN
Mile and an eighth, sellinc— Sarilia won.
King Elkwood second. Orris third. Time. l:54*i.
Handicap, six furlongs — Georgie won, Acushla
second. The Star of Bethlehem third. Time,
1:14.
Five furlongs— Beau won. Queen Carnival sec
ond. Robert Morrison third. T|me, l:0"y.
On** mile, celling — Ennomla won. Polly Blxby
second, Mizzoura third. Time, 1:41%.
CINCINNATI. July 2.— Not a favorite won
to-day 'for the talent. Newport results:
One mile, selling — Dramburg- won, Blenheim
eeeend, Zotine third. Time, 1:42.
Five furloncs— Jim Napp won, St. Dean sec
ond, Quibo third. Time, 1:C3.
One mile and seventy yards— Anthracite won,
Potente second. Greatland third. Time, 1:45V,.
Five furlongs — Silverdale won. Schoolmaster
second, Battus third. Time, l:01t;.
Mile and an eighth— Advance Guard won,
Sam Phillips second, The Monk third. Time;
Six furlongs, selling — Pope Leo won, Rollins
second. Shrove Tuesday third. Time, l:13 s i.
One mile— The Sprite won, Alcedo 6econd,
Star Chime third. Time. 1:33%.
Six furlongs — Tayon won, Livadia eecond.
Vain third. Time, 1:13V.. •
CHICAGO, July 2.— Results at Washington
Park:
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Touraine
won, Olea second. Oread third. Time. 1:20 3-5.
Hurdle handicap, two miles — Hardy C. won.
Hardy Pardee second. Desperado third. Time,
3:52.
.The Vernal, flve furlongs— Sweet Lavender
won. Latly of the Valley second, Elizabeth SI
third. Time. 1:02 2-5.
Mile and a quarter— Favonlus won. Latson
second. Knight of the Garter third. Time
2:09 3-5.
NEW YORK. July 2.— Results at Sheepshead
Bay:
Futurity course — Demurrer won. Luke Ward
second, tsrowndale third. Time, 1:11.
One mile, on turf— Brigadier won. Montanic
second. Vesuvlan third. Time. 1:39 4-5.
Seven furlongs— Harry Duke won, Tom Gil
more second. Iron Chancellor third. Time,
1:3'. ','»¦
One mile— Onnet won. Mandamus second, Bo
hul third. Time. l:47*i.
Pfve and a half furlongs. Fff!!ln»f— Se-Ce wen.
Crlf^i.s second. Quick Range third, rime, 1-12
Mile and a sixteenth— Tlrfcfu! won, Term. Jn
coenita second. Jimp third. Time, 1:52.
Handicap, six furlong*— Judge Ward ill won.
I>irl Neville second. l>ave Waldo thlrJ. Tinu-.
Six and a half furlong9. Felling— Hlkallrr tvon
Necklace second, Slddubia third. Time, 1:24.
Harry Duke the Only Winning Fa
vorite at St. Louis.
ST. LOT-TIS, July 2.— The talent met a
sharp rebuff at the fair grounds to-day,
Harry Duke being the only winning fa
vorite. Results:
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
At t!:e rir.ish of the race the Columbia
and Pennsylvania launches drew up
alrtr.gFide of their respective crews. The
Columbia crowd cr. its launch cheered the
crew, ana then pave cheer for
the unfortunate Cornel] crew, which lay
close to the west bank. All the men
Feemed to b* In bad shape. Noa 2 3 and
A were compelled to throw water on the
bow man. A rowbcai towed the Cornell
2aur.cn into the cha^r.r] within reach of
Courtney s launch. The Pennsylvania and
Columbia crews rowed to their quarters
each apparently in fine condition " '
The Cornell crew were lifted' out of
their shelL The boxr mar. was apparently
overcome. He was plarorl on a brnch in
the launch and covered with coat" His
prostration furnished an explanation for
the crew having rowed out of the course.
At the one and one-half mark Cornell
arid Pennsylvania were still lighting for
the lead, and Cornell's steersman eoemed
to be swerving toward the west shore.
The Pennsylvania, shell swerved slightly
to the east. The Cornell steersman got
away out of the course, the crew rowing
in B.n oblique* (or the west shore. Colum
bia gained on the Cornell shell because
its steersman had kept almost a direct
course.
Pennsylvania won by two lengrths. Co
iUinbla second. Official time—Pennsyl
vania. 10:21 3-5; Columbia. 10:2S. Cornell
<ild not finish.
The race started at 10:13H with Colum
bia slig-htly in the lead and Pennsylvania
and Curnell close up, rowing reck and
reck. Pennsylvania ied at tne quarter
rn'.le by a half length. At the mile mar*
Colombia took a bad swerve from her
cou:.^. Pennsylvania and Cornell were
£gb::r,g for r.rst place.
Approaching the bridge Pennsylvania
enci Cornell were still righting for first
place with the Quakers aoout a quarter
of a length in the lead. Ail three crews
¦were rowing thirty-six strokes.
The v.a.sh of the Cornell shell caused the
Columbia crew to drop back at least sev
eral lengths.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N. Y.. July 2.-The
four-cared 'varsity race over the two-miie
course to-day resulted in a victory for the
I'erir^yivania crew, with Columbia eec
ond. Corneil did r.ot Criish, her bowman
having collapsed toward the close of the
race.
Cornell's Bowman Collapses While
22x-r Shell Is Fighting With
the Quakers for the Lead
Tovrard the Close.
Finishes Two Lengths
Ahead of Columbia in
Four-Oared Race.
PENSYLVANIA
C R EW WINS AT
P0UGHKEEPSIE
Count von Zeppelin's Machine Carries
Five Persons From Freiderich
scn to Immcnstadt.
BERLIN, July 2.— Count von Zeppelin's
airship made an ascent at Frciderichsen
this evening. It had five occupants and
traveled Bafely to Immenstadt, a distance
of thirty-five miles
AIRSHIP VOYAGES
. THIRTY-FIVE MILES
The names of Albert SI. Johnson -^and
Frank D. Ryan, former District Attorney
and now Commissioner of Public Works,
have alfo been spoken of considerably.
Johnson Is a son of General Johnson ami
Is an able lawyer. Ryan is related to Dv
vln* and would not, it is believed, statd
in the way of the latter's securing the
place. In any event it looks as if Devlni
will get the appointment on Gage's return
from the south. The appointment will
take effect at once, although the person
who receives it rnt^t go before the people
at the fall election in order to determine
his claim to the two years then remaining
of tbe late Judge Johnson's term.
To-night the politicians and others well
informed agree that Devine stands the
best show of receiving the appointment at
the hands of the Governor. He is a law
yer of attainments and would be accept-,
ahle to the local bar.
Johnson Mentioned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 2.— The volume of
business awaiting disposition at the hands
of the Superior Judges of this county
makes urgent an early appointment to the
place made vacant by the death of Judge
Matt F. Johnson on Saturday last, and
It is this fact rather than- an undue spirit
of haste 'to fill the position of a man not
yet conFlgned to the grave that brings
the candidates prominently forward. Sev
eral persons are mentioned, among them
being James B. Devine, former City Jus
tice and Corporation Counsel 1 : Charles N.
Post, Assistant Attorney General, and
Orove L. Johnson, former Congressman
from this district. • ."
Charles N. Post, Assistant Attorney-
General, and Congressman Grove
DEVINE PROBABLY WILL
SUCCEED JUDGE JOHNSON
BUFFALO, X. Y., July 3.— Jim Jeffords
of California knocked out Al Welnlg of
Buffalo in the eighth round at the Olym
pic Athletic Club to-night.
Jeffords Knocks Out Weinig.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY. July 2.— Kansas City, 5;
Milwaukee. *.
INDIANAPOLIS. July 2.— Indianapolis. 6;
Cleveland, 7. _
MINNEAPOLIS, July 2.— Minneapolis. 6; Chi
cago, 11
Orphans Continue Their Surprising
¦Winning Streak.
CORnECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs — W. L. Pct.l Clubs— W. L,. Pet.
Tlrooklro 36 20 .643 Botrton 26 *S .4?!
Philadelphia 33 24 .ST.*: Cincinnati -.27 30 .474
PIttyb'jrg . ..31 2S .525 St. Louis 24 31 .436
Chicago . ...:$ » .491) New York . .IS 35 .211
CHICAGO. July 2.— Philadelphia suffered a
rhutcut Jn to-day's jamf. Taylpr was on the
elab icr the locals and his support was almost
perfect. Attendance, 20u0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago « S 1
Philadelphia O « t *
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue; Donahue and
McFaxland.
CIXCINXATT. July 2.— Carrtck was hit hard
by the locals to-day and poorly supported.
Fcott was invincible until his team had a safe
lead. Attendance. 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York.III"I"I!II""""I!!"!Il6 11 6
Batteries— Scott and Peltz; Carrlck and Bow
erman.
PT. LOCIS. July 2.— Inability to hit Howetl
beat St. Louis to-<Say. Brooklyn bunched her
hits when they were needed. Attendance, 2300.
St. Louis 2 11 t
Brooklyn 8 14 tV- X
Batteries— Rowell and Robinson; Howell and
McGulre.
PITTSBURG, July 2. — Leever pitched another
giltedged came and Dlneen was but little be
fcir.d him la effectiveness. The cue Boston hit
was the scratchiest of the scratchy and an er
ror let in the run. A three-bag-ger and passed
ball ecor^d one and two hits scored the second
run for Pittsburgh. Attendance, «500. Score:
Club*- R- H. E.
Pittsburg 2 3 2
BoFtcn 1 1 2
Batteries — Leever and Zimmer; Dineen and
Sullivan.
QUAKERS SHUT OUT.
a team to ride In the 50-mlle relay race
with the Capital City Wheelmen at Sacra
mento for the championship of the coast
on July 4. The riders have improved
wonderfully, both in headwork and speed,
and will give the Sacramento wbeelmen a
hard race. Five of the ten selected riders
rode the five miles to-day under twelve
minutes, the slowest time being 12:45.
The next match was between Allen and
Cook and ¦was closelv contested. Cook
won the first net, 11—9, b£ passing. Allen
at the net. The second set. 6—4. fell to
Allen, who played a net game. The third
also was won by Allen. 7—6. although Cook
was in the lead most of the set. • Allen
took the fourth set and match by clever
volleying. 6 — 1. /
Percy Murdoch defeated J. CTBrlen,
e_l, 6—1. •>— 2. In clever style. His drives
and smashes were too much for O'Brien.
Sam Hardy defaulted to Sumner and this
left Murdoch and Sumner in the upper
half and ColUer and Allen In the. lower
interesting match. Hunt won the first set
very easily, Collier scoring but 12 points
In the first set. In the second set Collier
went to the net and by careful placing
pulled out a vantage set. 8—6. The third
set was a repetition of the second. The
fourth and last set was hotly fought, vic
tory resting with Collier, 7-5, giving him
the match. •
THE championship singles tennis tour
nament at San Rafael has been
II played to the final, which will be
fought out between Sumner Hardy
and W. B. Collier Jr. Sam Hardy with
drew In favor of his brother, who will in
all probability meet George Whitney to
morrow for the championship of the coast.
The surprise of the day was the match
between. Collier and Hunt, the vanquisher
of Robert X. Whitney. Collier carried off
the honors after a long and earnest fight,
earning the honor of runner-up and the
distinction of playing for the first place
In the tournament.
' The first match of the day was Hunt vs.
Collier. This was looked upon as a gift to
Hunt after his defeat of Robert Whitney,
but Collier proved a surprise by beating
Hunt at his own game — steadiness. For
the spectators it was a slow and most un-
FLASHES AT THE TENNIS TOURN'AHENT.
INTEREST in the go!f tournament to be held on the Burlingame Country Club's
links on Independence day for the Prince Poniatowskt trophy has been gTeatty
enhanced by the appearance r.mor.g the prospective competitors of Mrs. J. W.
Bowers of Garvarza, Cal. Mrs. Bowers is the woman golf champion of South
era California. She won the title in the first championship meeting of the south
la-n<3, beld en the Unkfl of thePasadena Country Club. To gain the title she de
feated Mrs. J. I>. Foster and Mrs. Hujh Vail of the Los Angeles Club. In the tour
nament at Burlirgame Mrs. Bowers will be called upon to meet, among others, Miss
Alice Colden Hoffman end Mrs. R. G. Brown.
3u"HS. J. W. BOWEES, A SOTJTHEBJT CALrFOKJflTA CHAMPION.
The summarv of the day's play follows:
Percy Murdoch defeated J. O'Brien, 6—1.
6—1, 6—2; Sumner Hardy won from Sam
Hardy by default: Collier defeated Hunt.
1—6. &— 6. 9— 7. 7—5: Allen defeated Cook.
j — 11. 6 — 4. 7 — 5. 6 — 4; Sumner Hardy defeat
ed P. Murdoch. 6-2. 7-5, 6-4; Collier de
feated Allen. 6-1, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2.
• The drawing for the consolation doubles
will be held this morning at the Hot«*l
Rafael and play commenced ' immediately.
The following teams have entered: Brown
and Stewart S. P. Hardy and Nicholson.
Hunt and Crowcll. R. Whitney and J. A.
Code. Kahn and J. O'Brien. Root and G.
Smith, and Allen and Cook. • M".
Among the interested spectators were
Charles A. Elston and wife (nee Hart) of
Honolulu. Mrs. El?ton Is the lady cham
pion of Hawaii. Mrs. Elston expects to
remain in California Ions enough to enter
the lady single championship of the Pa
cific States.
of the drawings. , -
Surnner Hardy and P. Murdoch were the
next contestants and the gaHery was then
treated to some extremely high-class ten
nis. Murdoch's drives, both fore and back
hand, won him many points and much
applause. Sumner played his usual same
of well-placed smashes and drives down
the side lines. Hardy won the set handi
ly. 6—2. In the second Murdoch took the
net and quickly ran up the score of 5 — I:.
then Sumner ran in and took the net and
pulled the set 7—5. The third set and
match also went to Hardy, 6—4, In a well
contested match, Murdoch fighting for
every point.
The last match of the day was between
Collier and Allen and was finally won by
the veteran Collier in four sets. Collier
won the first set easily. 6—1. In the second
set Allen was at the net continually, fore
ing- Collier on the defensive, and pulled
out the net; 6-ri. Collier took the third
and fci:rth pet? handily from Alien and
this gavp him the match and the right to
p!ay Sumner Hardy to-day at 2:30 p. m.
for the a!l-comer3".
— • » • - ¦
Surprise of the Day Was the Defeat of
Hunt— Siow Game and Prospect
of Another Hardy Victory in« the
Concluding Tournament Struggle.
Good Attendance, Splendid Weather
and a Fine Track Add to tho
Sport With the Harness
Brigade. • ¦
«
SANTA ROSA. July 2.— Good attend
ance, alj things being considered, marked
the opening day of the annual rac* meet
of the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association at Pierce Bros.'
Santa Rosa stock farm this afternoon.
The track was in excellent condition and
the day pleasant.
A. H. Cohen Is officiating as starter.
The Judges are Martin Carter. C. S. Crit
tenden and A. II. Cohen. J. C. Kirkpat
rick acted as judge during one race to
day In addition to the above. Charles
Newman, George" T. Becker and \V. li..
Lumsden are the timers. Thomas Bonnei
has the flag and Jack Dln.ue is acting as
marshal and announcer.
The rirst meet to-day was a special trot
for $100 a side, mile and repeat, between
A. B. Spreckels* brown mare. Sen Sen.
and the Santa Rosa .stock farm's bay
mare, Madonna Russell. Although the lo
cal entry took the lirst heat, the other
two went to the Spreckels mare. The best
time made was 2:25Vfe by Madonna Russell
In the first heat.
Three other events followed — a 2:25 pace,
a special for named trotters and a 2:23
class trot.
In the 2:25 pace there were six entries,
and In the betting Rev Direct sold favor
ite, ¦with IrvlnjTton Boy second choice.
The odds ran at $23. ?12 and $S, the latter
for the field.
In the special trot Claudlu3 sold as the
favorite at $20 against $12 for the field.
When it came to the 2:23 trot Santa
Anita Star occupied the center of the
stage until after the first heat, when Bet
Madison sold for $20 against the Held.
Following are the summaries:
Special trot.
Sen Sen, Director Prince-Director (Jeff
ries) 2 X 1
Madonna Russell (Ab!rs) 1 2 2
Time— 2:25-3. 2:291*; 2:29^.
2:25 class, race. tZCO. three in five.
Hey Direct, Dlrect-V*ra (Parker) 6 111
Mnrgaretta (Alvlso) 2 2 2 3
Irvlnston Boy (Cecil) 3 4.3 2
Sw?itzer (Hooper) 1 3 d 0
Effle S (Chadborn) 5 '5 d u
Santa Anita Maid (Mnben) 4 C d 0
Time— 2:13Vs, 2:14-4, 8:11, 2:14.
Special for named trotters, $300, mile heats,
three )n five.
Claudius, Xutwocd Wilkes-Menlo (Bar
stow) .• C l l
Oslto <W. G. Durfee)..... 4 2 2
Hobo (Masten) 2 3 3
Iran Alto (Bunch) 3 d
Time— 2:1S. 2:14H. 2:19U.
2:23 class, trot, T750, stakes, mile heats, three
In five.
B»t Mad'.Fon, James Madison- Betsy Trot
wood (Sanford) 1 1 1
Santa Anita Star (Mnben) 4 2 2
Los Angeles (Mastea) „-. 2 3 :i '
Lynall (Hogoboom) 3 4 4
Zarlna. Neerbell and Una K distanced.
Tlrr.e-Mfi 2:15W. 2:17.
Successful Opening of the
Meet at the Santa Rosa
Stock Farm.
RACES HELD BY
THE BREEDERS'
ASSOCIATION
COLLIER AND HARDY WILL
PLAY IN THE TENNIS FINAL
GOLF CHAMPION OF SOUTH
TO PLAY AT BURLINGAME
THE SAS FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3,-1.900.
5
ASSETS.
1 — Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby secured.
the actual value of which
is $22,506,235 64
The condition ot said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Contracts,
owned by said Corporation,
and are payable to it at it3
Office, which Is situated at
the Corner of Market. Mc-
Allister and Jones Streets,
in the City and County of
San Francisco. State of
California, and the pay-
ment thereof is secured 07
First Mortgages on Real
Estate within this State.
Said .Promissory Notes are
kept and held by said Cor-
poration at its said office,
which is its principal place
of business, and said Notes
and debts are there situ-
ated.
2 — Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby secured,
the actual value of which
is 45,30000
The condition of said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Contracts,
owned by said Corporation,
and are payable to it at its
Office, which is situated as
aforesaid, and the pay-
ment thereof is secured by
"Spring Valley Water
Works Second Mortsase 4
per cent Bonds," "Park
and Cliff House Railway
Company 6 per cent
Bonds," and "Market
Street Railway Company
First Consolidated Mort-
gage 5 per cent Gold Bond,"
the market value of all
said bonds being 554.S30 00.
Said Notes are kept and
held by said Corporation
at its said Office, and said
Notes and Bonds are tbere
situated.
3— Bonds of the United
States, the actual value of
which is S13.947.360 11
The condition of said
Bonds Is as follows: They
belong to said Corporation,
and are kept and held by .
It In its cwn Vaults and
are there situated.
They are "Registered 4
per cent ($13,000,000 00> and
3 per cent ($300,000 00>
United States Bonds" and
are payable only to the
order ot said Corporation.
4 — Miscellaneous Bonds, the
actual value of which Is.. 3,173.433 25
The condition of said
bonds Is as follows: They
belong to said Corporation,
and are kept and held by
It in Its own Vaults and
are there situated. They
are "Market Street Cable
Railway Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($304,000 00V
"Market Street Railway
Company First Consoli-
dated Morteagre 3 per cent
Bonds ($2S2.000 00)." "Sut-
ter Street Railway Compa-
ny 5 per cent Bonds ($150.-
000 00)." "Powell Street
Railway Company 6 per
cent Bonds ($30,000 00V
"Northern Railway Com-
pany of California 6 per
cent Bonds ($423,000 00).**
"San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway Company
5 per cent Bonds ($237.-
000 00)." "Spring Valley
"Water "Works Second
Mortem sr«» 4 per cent Bonds
($239,000 00)," "Spring Val-
Ipv "Water "Works Third
ITortp-asre 4 per c£nt Bonds
(5406.OOO 00>." and "City of
San Lute Ohispo 5 per cent
Bonds ($24,730 S3)."
." — Interest on Miscellaneous
Bonds accrued to July 1,
100O , 244,641 08
6— (a) Real Estate situated
In the City and County of
San Francisco (5362.623 74.
nr.d in the Counties of
Santa Clara ($187,076 97).
Alameda ($125,460 S2>. and
San Mateo ($26,356 26). In
said State, the actual
value of which Is 901,532 79
(b) The land and build-
Ing in which said Corpor-
ation keeps its salfl Office
1 the actual value of which
Is .-. 56S.6S3 14
The condition of said
Real Estate is that it be-
longs to said Corporation,
snd part of it ia produc-
tive.
7— C?sh in United States
Gold and Silver Coin, be-
longing to said Corpora-
tion, and In Its Possession,
ftrsd situated at its said Of-
fice, Actual Value 1.77S.391 92
Total Assets $4'U63.9OS 92
LIABILITIES.^
1 — Said Corporation owes
Deposits amounting to and
the actual value of which
is $46.133,14S 80
The condition of said De-
posits H that thev are pay-
able only out of said As-
•tpts nnd are. fully secured
thereby.
; F<?Ferve Fund, Actual
Value 3.013,760 12
Total Liabilities $4;\163.90S 92
The Hlbernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety.
By JAMES R. KELLY. President.
The Hlbernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety.
By ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
State of California, "^
City ard County of San Francisco. ) ""
JAMES R- KELLY and ROBERT J.
TOBIN. being each separately duly
sworn, each for himself, says: That
said JAMES R. KELLY Is President,
and that said ROBERT J. TOBIN Is
Secretary of THE HIBERNIA SAV-
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Cor-
poration above mentioned, and that the
foregolns- statement Is true.
JAMES R. KELLY. President.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 2nd day of July.. 1900.
. GEO. T. KNOX. Xotary Public.
In and for the City an/1 County of San
Francisco, State ot California
And wligre saia Assets are Sitnatefl,
A CORPORATION.
dated June 30, 1900.
Savings and Loan Society,
ASSETS Al LIABILITIES
OF
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND VALUE
ADVEBTISfcMENTS.Harbor and Central Hospitals and
Insane Detention Ward Allotted
$600 a Month.
At the meeting of the Board of Health
held yesterday afternoon Drs. Williamson,
Bazet, Baum and Buckley were present.
The meeting was called for the purpose
of apportioning the funds appropriated
for the maintenance of the board for the
fiscal year just commencing. On motion
of Dr. Baum $600 per month was set aside
for the maintenance of the Central and
Harbor Emergency hospitals and the in
sane detention ward. Dr. Bazet intro
duced a resolution correcting the list of
removals and promotions and the cor
rected list is as follows: /-
J. F. Durham, clerk to Health Officer
vice W..J. Kelly, redier.ed: K. M. Mur
phy, food inspector, vice J. Lydon. dis
missed: Gregory Walsh, clerk, vice J F
Durham, transferred.
Teachers' Credentials Arrive,
The City Board of Examiners held no
meeting yesterday on Recount of the ab
sence of some of Its members, but will
meet to-day, when the cases of C. T.
Works and Miss Beebe will be brought
up. They came here with credentials from
the Teachers Institute of JN'ew York
which Is not accredited to a university"
The law" states that only certificates te
sued by colleges of equal rank with the
University of California shall be rec'oe
nlzed in California. The arrival yester
day morning, however, of credentials from
the Columbia University of New York
removes all doubt as to the qualifications
of the teachers. The question of grant
ing: a certificate to teach in this city to
Kervan Robson proves a puzzler Mr
Robson is an A.M. of Harvard and com
menced his study of pedagogy In that In
stitution. He finished in Stanford Uni
versity, however, and the question now
arises^ whether the board can combine
the • two :¦ courses and erant a certificate.
HEALTH BOARD HOLDS
UNIMPORTANT MEETING
SCANDAL IN ThjE KLONDIKE
Joseph H. Choate. AMierican Embassador to Eng
land, is sorry that an English dictionary of biography,
just completed, has no reference to the United States,
and a reader of the hook might never know that
America exists. The Embassador need not unneces
sarily concern himself. Britain needs no biographical
dictionary to know that Uncle Sam is on earth.
California has already made a deep impression upon
the statesmen of our iiewly won Territory of Hawaii.
The guiding political spirits of the islands, learning a
lesion from us. perhaps, have decided that they will
order no extra session of their Legislature, as the ex
periment would be too expensive.
The tribute which thousands of people paid vrith
their presence on Friday afternoon at the Grand
Opera-house is the most glorious epitaph which could
be written in honor of a brave man. The family of
Fireman Sweeney have a heritage worth preserving.
Some of the military prophets now in South Africa
ought to learn a lesson from the proverbial experience
cf their political rivals. The boast that the Boers will
be subdued in three months or in less than twice that
time will look silly a year from now.
The enthusiasm with which local Republicans are
enrolling themselves as members of the district clubs
indicates at least that the notion that the source and
fountain of political power was in a tenderloin saloon
has disappeared.
San Francisco has won new fame. A young actress
who boasts this city .i« her birthplace has saved a man
from drowning at*Atlanttc City, and nobody even sus
teds that she did it for an advertisement.
SIGNBOARDS flND BILLBOARDS.
OUT of the Paris Exposition there has already
come a "movement promising to be of great
" benefit not only to Europe, but to this coun
try. It is in the nature of a reform with respect to
billboards and signboards. It appears that. for the
purpose of giving all visitors to the exposition a high
idea not only of Paris, but of all France, the big sign
boards and advertising boards along the railroads and
at the railway stations of that country were removed
Thus travelers are nowhere offended by those glaring
hideous posters that are among the greatest offenses
of the time against art and beauty. The charm of
scenery is^not marred by lurid invitations to buy soap
or pickles, nor by announcements of the unparalleled
virtues of pills and shoeblacking.
Prompted by the French movement the London
County Council has, it is said, recently enacted an
ordinance which empowers the municipal officers to
remove all signboards extended over the street or
sidewalks, and all illuminated signs on the fronts of
buildings that are offensive to public taste. The
change which the ordinance will bring about is ex
pected to be an immense improvement to London,
not only from an artistic standpoint^ but from that of
safety, as many of the big signboards and billboards
of the city are undoubtedly dangerous.
From London the reform movement has reached
New York, and an agitation is now under way in that
city for a suppression of at least the worst of these
street nuisances. It has been suggested that bill
boards and street car and ferry-boat advertisements
should be taxed like other property that yields a large
income, and that where it is carried to excess it should
be prevented altogether.
The prevailing opinion in New York is fairly well
expressed by the Tribune, which after reviewing what
has been accomplished in France and in London says:
"One of these days, it is to be hoped, this country and
this city will institute similar reforms. Nowhere Mn
the World, probably, is the signboard business so
largely practiced as here. Nowhere is public prop
erty so unblushingly appropriated for uses of private
gain. Nowhere," we may confidently beHeve, are ad
vertising signboards, posters and the like made so
offensive to public taste, and in many cases so inimi
cal to public comfort, convenience and even safety.
It is a reproach to civic culture and public spirit that
such disfigurements of what should be our finest
sceriery .should be permitted to proceed with a. free
hand. It is a reflection upon bur thrift and adminis
trative shrewdness that so large and so proper an ob
ject of revenue taxation should be neglected. The
abolition of all offensive, injurious and dangerous
¦ signs, and the taxation of all that are permitted to re
main, would be measures not only conducive to ur- 
ban and rural beauty, but also accordant with admin
istrative thrift, with sound business principles and
with. common justice."
The issue, as we all know, is of as much interest to
San Francisco as to any other city in the United
States. It is therefore a matter of satisfaction to note
the westward trend of the reforming movement. If
the artistic impulses emanating from the Paris Expo
sition lead to an" elimination of signboard advertising
from railroads and cities, the benefits will be suffi
ciently great to justify every intelligent man in rising
uo and calling it blessed.
CHIEF SULLIVAN'S order for the arrest of all
scavengc/s found violating the ordinances ot
the city went mto effect yesterday. The order
was strict in its terms and declared: "All wagons
vsed in the transportation of garbage must be lined
with zinc, sheet iron or other metallic substance, and
shall l)t watertight, nr.d the covers must be of oiled
canvas and be securely fastened at all times except
when garbage is being put in the carts, and must be
¦, . , . „
on whether the carts «re loaded or empty.
The enforcement of these ordinances will be of
great benefit 10 the community, for the nuisance
caused by open garbage wagons traversing the streets
has been one of great offenstvencss. There will still
remain much io be done, however, even alter the
regulations specified by the Chief are enforced. We
shall not have a thoroughly well ordered city in this
respect until the hauling of garbage through . the
streets shall be forbidden during business hours even
in covered carts.
A well-known gentleman in a communication to
The Call yesterday says: Am glad to =ee you are
¦still after the scavengers, and trust the good work
will not stop with the regulation of their wagons. Id
going to breakfast about 8 o'clock this morning I
passed three' garbage wagons, and went around a
block to avoid two others, which stunk worse than
u?ua!. Returning to my ofike about 9 I got the bene
fit of two more. In r.ll well regulated cities the re
moval of garbage and the like is required to be done
between midnight and 7 a. m., likewise the sweeping
.of sidewalks. Here men and women going to their
work in the morning get the annoyance of both, be
sides the risk of disease and contagion. San Fran-
Cisco is a commercial city, but not necessarily cheap,
and nasty. New York has the regulations I mention,
and it has done something in the way of commerce.
Do not }et up until we are in line with the most
favored cities."
We have given the letter in full because it is a terse
and plain statement of the existing evils and the re
form that should be accomplished. It will be gratify
ing of course to have the present ordinances en
forced, but. as our correspondent says, the effort ia
the direction of improvement should not cease until
the scavenger nuisance has been abated in all its
forms and the streets are freed from it during the
hours when business, traffic and pleasure are active.
THE SCAVENGER NUISANCE.
1\\Z CLEANING OF CHINATOWN.
PLANS and projects for the reformation or the
removal of Chinatown from its presant quarters
continue to be put forth. Their number attests
the widespread interest taken in the subject, and the
magnitude of some of them proves that the interest is
not only wide but intense. The people are aroused.
The bubonic board and Kinyoun have taught the
whole community a lesson, and on all sides there is
evident an earnest desire to avoid a repetition of the
experience. One quarantine and bubonic scare is
enough. Chinatown must be' cleaned up.
While each of the plans proposed for remedying
the evil has its commendable features, and some of
them are of notable merit, it docs not appear to be
worth while to undertake either of 'them at present.
The prospects are that if the health ordinances of the
city be impartially and firmly enforced in Chinatown,
zv they are in other sections o{ the city, the greater
part of the nuisance will be abated by that very fact,
and the change t\us brought about in the district will
lend to a gradual dispersal of the present population,
so that in the end the whole problem will be solved
without recourse to any extraordinary means.
The decisions of the court in the quarantine cases
are to the effect that the Health Board can make no
icgulations nor the Supervisors enact any health ordi
nances discriminating against Chinese. The course
which The Call recommends would entail no dis
crimination of any kind. It would do no more than
put an end to the discrimination which at present
permits the owners of property in Chinatown to evade
laws that are enforced elsewhere. Against the general
sanitary regulations end orders of the city there can
be no objection on the part of the courts. The appli
cation of those laws to Chinatown would therefore
be a prompt and valid method of getting rid of most
of the abominations that exist there.
It the duty of the Board of Health to see to it
! that the health ordinances are enforced, and it is the
j duty of the Mayor to remove the members of the
I beard if tbey neglect their duty. It happens, however,
1 that the present bubonic board was appointed by the
j present Mayor, and neither the one nor the other can
i be counted on to do the duty which the law imposes
\ upon their office?. The issue, then, is up to the Grand
I Jury. That body has been summonsed to investigate
i the affairs of the county and to report all violations
! of law. The members of this jury have an opportun
i ity to prove the usefulness of the institution. The peo
j pie are ardently waiting for some important step to
be taken toward suppiessing the evils of, Chinatown,
! and the grand jurors can serve the community well
by leading the way.
A resolution was adopted by the Board
of Supervisors yesterday directing the
District Attorney to confer with the Chief
of Police to determine whether the laws
prohibiting public gambling are enforce
able to the end that gambling may be
abated and those who conduct it arrested
and punished. The resolution waa intro
duced by Comte, who said:
*'I ask the passage of the resolutlon.
The press has called attention to the
alarming prevalence of public gambling
and yet nothing seems to have been done.
The bill is intended to determine whether
the laws bearing on the subject are effi
cient or not and I move that the rules
be suspended and the resolution be con
sidered at once." • ; :
No objection being raised to the resolu
tion it was immediately passed. The
measure follows:
Whereas. From time to time the press of
this city has charged that public gambling ex
ists in this city in public places and on main
thoroughfares to the discredit and disgrace
of the city; and.
Whereas, It is provided In section 2 of chap
ter III of article V of the charter that the
District Attorney shall have all the powers
conferred and shall discharge all duties Im
posed upon the District Attorneys of counties
by the general laws of tHIs State, and that
In addition thereto he shall Institute and con
duct On behalf of the people all prosecutions
cognizable In the police court of the city and
county, and shall, when required, advise the
Chief of Police upon matters relating to the
duties of his office; and, .; -~ '
"Whereas,' By the general laws the District
Attorney Is the public prosecutor and must,
under subdivision 2 of section 4206 of the Po
litical Code of this State. Institute proceed
ings before magistrates for the arrest of per
sons charged with or reasonably suspected of
public offenses when he has information that
any such ofTensea have been committed. Now,
therefore, be it
Resolved. That the District Attorney be and
hereby Is requested to consult with the Chief
of Police with the view of obtaining from
him correct information as to such charges »o
made by the press, and If the same be true,
then and In such case to report to this board
whether prosecutions can be maintained un
der the provisions of section 330 of the Penal
Code of this State or under the orders and
ordinances of the city and county of San
Francisco or other laws, and If such laws are
inadequate to maintain a prosecution, then
and In such case to advise this board as to
what legislation Is needed in order to enable
prosecution to be maintained successfully
ncal:sFt such public gambling to the end that
the same may be abated and that those who
permit the same or carry on the same may
be arrested and punished.
Be It further resolved. That the clerk of this
board furnish the District Attorney with a
certified copy of this resolution, and also give
another certified copy to the Chief of Police.
Supervisor Comte Presents
a Bill Directing an In
vestigation.
ENFORCEMENT OF
ANTI-GAMBLING
LAWS IS URGED
MUST PAY BACK THE
TAXES TO THE BANK
State Has No Bight to Assess Certain
Properties of National Asso
ciations.
The First National Bank of San Fran
cisco has been successful in Its suit
against the city and county of San Fran-
cisco In the action brought to recover
$S2tt> it paid under protest for taxes as
sessed to It upon personal property owned
in March, ISStj. The property consisted of
fixtures valued at $3600 and money on hand
amounting to $5*9.333. In the lower court
the city won. The Supreme Court holds
that the right of the State to exercise Its
power of taxation over the property of a
national bank is limited and defined in
section 5219. Revised Statutes of the
United States. Under the provisions of
that section the real property of the bank
may be taxed "to the same extent ac
cording to its value as other real prop
erty is taxed" and the shares In the as
sociation may be assessed as other per
sonal property to the owners or holders
thereof and taxed in such a manner as the
Legislature may determine and direct, etc.
As the authority of the State to tax
the property of the association Is derived
from this section It can exercise this pow
er only to. the extent and in the mode pre
scribed by the section. The provision for
assessing the shares of the association to
the owners or the holders thereof is the
only authority given to the State under
which it may tax the personal assets of
the bank and an assessment to the bank
of its personal assets is void. The judg
ment of the Superior Court was reversed
and the court below was directed to enter
judgment In favor of the bank for the
amount prayed for in its complaint.
Ordinance Extending Pound Limits
to County Line Defeated, but
Will Be Reconsidered at
Neit Meeting.
»
The contracts for lighting the public
buildings for six months from July 15
were awarded by the Board of Supervisors
yesterday. The bids submitted by the vari
ous local light and power companies were
opened in the presence of the full board,
but their consideration was referred to
a special committee, which immedlately
retired into executive session. The com
mittee reported its recommendations
toward the close of the board's meeting,
and they were adopted.
The contract for the electric lighting of
certain public buildings was awarded to
the Independent Light and Power Com
pany, the bid of which was 3.&5 cents per
luoo' watts hours, against o cents by the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany. The contract includes all the pub
lic buildings upon which the company bid.
The Kquitable Gaslight Company's bid
to furnish gas to certain public buildings
at $1 per thousand feet, against $1 35 by
the rival companies, was accepted.
The remaining public buildings were
bid upon by the Pacific and the San Fran
cisco (Jaslight companies, but neither
company bid on any building that the
other company was desirous of lighting.
Kucfi company bid *1 3o per lOOo cuoic feet
ot gas. Ihe contracts upon whicn these
companies bid were awarded them, ex
cept as to those buildings bid upon by tho
Equitable Company.
The report ot the committee says:
' The Mutual Electric Light Company, from
which so much was hoped in the way. or com
petition, has made no bid.
Regarding the contracts for lighting the pub
lic street*, your committee suicKests that the
matter be reierred to the Public Utilities Com
mittee, with directions to meet Tuesday night
at 8 o'clock.
The San Francisco Gas Light Company has
bid 9 cents for gas lamps and 35 cents per arc
lamp in certain districts, and 39 cents per arc
lamp in districts four and flve. It is said that
these figures will come within the appropria
tion, but this question will have to be consid
ered. Tht president of the company says thai
a few new arc lamps may be ordered used.
The San Francisco Gas Company was
directed to light the public streets and
outlying districts at the rates offered by
that company in Its bid from one hour
after aunset until one hour before sun
rise, observing the moonlight schedule,
until July 15, tne date when the new con
tracts will go into effect.
The ordinance creating a public pound,
fixing the duties of the poundmaster and
extending tha limits to the county Une.
was defeated, Booth, Jennings Mc-
Carthy and Reed voted in tavor of
the extension, and Boxton, Comte. Con
nor. Curtis, D'Ancona, Dwyer and Helms
against it. The Joint Committee on Po
lice and Streets, to which the question
had been referred, recommended the
amendment of the ordinance so that the
limits should extend to the Mlssoin road
and along Islais Creek, but this was lost
also, though notice of reconsideration was
given, and tho original bill will be consid
ered at next Monday's meeting.
An ordinance was passed to print which
prohibits the running at large of animals
within the city limits. It is as follows:
It chall be deemed unlawful for any person
owning or having the control or custody of any
animal to permit or allow such animal to stray.
or run at large, or to be herded, or In any
other way to be upon any public highway, or
street, or alley, or court, or public square, .or
public grounds, or upon any unfenoed lot within
the city and county of San Francisco.
Provided, however, that all horses, mules and
asses, harnessed or saddled, and in the actual
custody and control at the time of some per
son or persons, and licensed dogs are excepted
from the provisions of this ordinance; and
Provided, further, that this ordinance shall
not apply to any animals within any fenced
lnclosure in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, nor to any animal In the actual custody
and control of any person or persons and being
driven trom one portion of the city and county
to another, and not otherwise violating the
provisions of this ordinance.
An ordinance allowing an appeal to the
Board of Supervisors when cattle escape
from inclosures without fault of the
owner and directing the poundkeeper to
release all animals so escaping without
charge, was also passed to print.
The resolution directing the Auditor
and Treasurer to keep the St. Mary's Park
fund Intact was rescinded in view ,of the
two court decisions that the money be
longs to the general fund and is available
for- other purposes.
Brandensteln's ordinance limiting the
height of all fences to twenty feet, to be
operative until July 1. 1901, when the ten
foot ordinance becomes a law. -was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Miscellaneous Business.
The resignation of Supervisor A. B. Magulre.
who has b*en appointed on the Board of Pub
lic Works, was accepted and Samuel Braun
hart, who was appointed In his place, took his
neat without any ceremony.
The question of the ownership of Sherman
avenue between' Wyoming avenue and the San
Jose road was referred to the City Attorney
for further Investigation. He will confer with
the attorneys of the Southern Pacific Company,
which lays claim to a portion of the thorough
fare.
The City Street Improvement Company was
jjranted permission to repave with bitumen
the block on Sansome street between Sutter
and Bush, the expense to be borne by
the property owners.
The Board of Public Works was ordered to
proceed with the work of reconstructing a
' plank roadway on Spear street between Har
rison and Bryant.
A resolution was adopted favoring the lay
ing of an artificial stone sidewalk on the east
1 erly corner of Sixteenth and Guerrero streets.
The Hoard of Public Works was Instructed
to dispose of street sweepings as recommended
by the Merchants' Association. The sweepings
will be hauled to a central yard and loaded on
electric cars of the Market Street Company, to
be taken to Golden Gate Park for fertilizing
purposes.
The regrading. curbing and paving of Sixth
street between Folsom and Harrison and Ship
ley street near Sixth, at a cost of $3517. wu
ordered.
An ordinance was parsed to print declar
inc it unlawful to remove paint from ¦ any
wooden building by the burning process with
out first having given three days' notice to
the Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and receiving permission from him.
The consideration of bids for city printing
was postponed until the next meeting on ac
count of the Injunction restraining the Su
pervisors from awarding the contracts.
The ordinance Imposing a license of $60 per
quarter on pawnbrokers was referred to the
Police Committee for an. amendment, sug
gested by Braunhart, to make : the license a
graduated one on the amount of business dnn».
Acting Mayor Tobln was excused from vot
ing on all measures except when necessary to
create a quorum, as be is authorized to exer
cise the veto power. ,"•"/>.
The resolution directing the clerk to read
vertlR? for proposals to furnish forage for
the various branches of the city srovernment
except those departments having the right to
award contracts for their own supplies was
referred to, the Judiciary Committee.
•The Olympic Club was granted permission
to place an addition on top of Its building on
Post Etreet to be used as a handball court.
K resolution was adopted empowering ¦ tha
Board of 'Public Works to Invite bids for th»
construction of an electric elevator In the City
Hall to replace the two now in the building.
Referred to Committee.
The following communications, protests and
petitions were referred to committees: . .
Public Improvement Central Club, commend
ing the action of the board in passing the ordi
nance limiting the height of fences to ten
feet: City Attorney, . stating that the Hall of
Justice may be accepted without first adjust
ing the claims of creditors and contractorsr
,WHllam Stuart & Co.. submitting a proposal
for a municipal - water supply: system from
headwaters and watersheds of the middle/fork
a* tfea Axnariran . Hlvar and its branches, ex-
Independent Company's Bid
for Public Buildings
Accepted.
CONTRACTS FOR
CITY LIGHTING
ARE AWARDED
The assessment roll for the city and
county for the year 1900 wa3 transmitted
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday by
Assessor Dodge. The total assessed valu
ation of property Is $405,740,000. the revenue
from which will be great enough
to allow of the sum of $200,000 being spent
for public Improvement. Supervisor Keed
immediately introduced an ordinance,
which was passed to print, setting aside
that sum as a public improvement fund
and authorizing the board to determine
the various Items of expenditures to be
apportioned therefrom.
The Assessor's llgures prove the esti
mate of Auditor Wells, made a month
ago. In which he based his tax rate on an
assessed valuation of H0u.0UO.0Ou. to have
been correct. The Auditor In his budget
sets aside the sum of $200,000. which was
included in the dollar limit b «« wa »
eliminated by the board in Its nnal report.
The Assessor strongly protested against
the assumption of a *Wv,0OO,0O0 valuation,
but he has exceeded it by J5.740.000.
Of the entire roll, real estate, with im
provements thereon, amounts to Jjss.aw.
uuu, and personal property to Jllo.boO.tXX).
There has been added to the roll of last
year $30,000,000 of newly discovered per
sonal property, which will now contribute
revenue to the city In the way of taxes
for the first time. This gain of $30,000,000
of personal property la made up as fol
lows:
Raised.
Capitalists $3,500,010
Private bankers .5^-*^
Wholesale merchants ••S 1 ' 0 '???
Quasi-public corporations l.iOO.OOd
Large estates 4.<*0.«»
Franchises 5.000.000
National bank stock* 6.3Q0.J0U
Total $30.00O,C0O
In an official report accompanying the
roll Dodge says:
The courts b- their decision struck from the
roll of last year about J18.000.COO of bonds and
$7,000,000 of national bank stock, which I, act
ing under the Instruction of the State Board
of Equalization, had added to the roll. These
Bums being recognized Ia3t year, when the tax
levy was tlxed. aa a doubtful source of revenue,
the city's Income was estimated and collected,
not on the: entire roll of I40S.CO0.0tu, but on a
tax roll of $375,000,000. as againat the roll of
t3oO OtO.000 of the previous administration.
This year, however, there will be available for
revenue a rcIT of at least $305,000,000. The bal
ance of this years roll Is made up of assess
ments such aa national bank stocks and that
of some franchises, which will probably ba
tested In the courts, and hence it is not safe to
take the same Into consideration in fixing the
sum on which to estimate our revenue. The
addition to this year's roll of such new personal
property as taxes will undoubtedly be collected
upon will increase the city's estimated revenue
$200,000. This additional sum being outside of
your present estimate of expenses and appro
priations will now be available ror such public
Improvements aa you may deem It wise to
make.
I regret that I could not foretell this increase,
for the guidance of your honorable board when
you were estimating the revenue of tha city
and fixing the tax rate, but until the assess
ment rolla are completed and added, which
work has only been finished within twenty-four
hours, it is Impossible to lorm even an accu
rate estimate of the amount of the roll. ThU
fact will always be an embarrassment, while
the tax levy has to be fixed early In Jun*. In
stead of September, aa heretofore.
It will be noted that real estate and the im
provements thereon are assessed this year for
}2!kM4C>.0OO. as asalnst S:S5.465.000 In USD, or an
increase of $3,000,000. This Increase Is almost
entirely made up of new buildings, land values
having been raised only in rare instances. Real
estate In several sections of this city Is. and
has been for a number of years, assessed en
tirely too high. It has always been my desire
and ambition to reduce land values In thes«
sections, and your board has on the tile of las;
year communications from me asking for the
additional help, then needed, to make the neces
sary reappralsement of land values, which Is
a task of considerable magnitude. Unfortu
nately your finances were in such a condition
that you were unable to furnish me the neces
sary help. I desire, however, to inform your
honorable board that it la my Intention to re
duce the valuation of real estate and the Im
provements thereon whenever such reduction Is
warranted durine the coming year. Such re
ductions will. In my opinion, aggregate fully
I1O.COO.00O, and It Is my hope that I will now
be able, unaided, to carry out this plan. The
tax roll of this year, therefore, must b« modi
fied to this extent. If it is to be used as a guid«
In fixing the expenditures of the fiscal year
1901-1902.
In conclusion this office desires to congratu
late your honorable board on being able to
begin the new fiscal year with a clean balance
sheet, no deficit as in former years, being car
ried forward, and on your possessing the fur
ther assurance of now having a large surplus
fund at your command for needed public im
provements. I desire also to assure your board
of the active and cheerful co-operation of this
department In your attempt to establish the
finances of this city on a permanent and sate
as well as an equitable basis.
• As Illustrating what this office has accom
plished In this direction, it may be stated that
the exrw?nses of our department during the
past year have been kept strictly within our
ar^ropriatlon. which was, however, entirely ln
sutflcient. thus effecting a saving of $2),0C0 In
salaries alone. In two years we have added
over $-*50.P00 to the Income of the city (thia rep
resenting the elty tax on $45,000,000 increased
valuation), and without Increasing the burden
of taxation on the taxpayers at larse. such
Increase being made up of personal property
which had previously escaped taxation or been
greatly underassessed.
Trusting that this work will merit Uj« ap
proval of your honorable board, and will entltla
this department to such financial or other as
sistance as we deem the demonstrated Impor
tance of this work may. from time to time, de
mand, I am very respectfully yours,
WASHINGTON DODGE. Assessor.
The board decided to meet Thursday at
2 p. m. as a Board of Equalization to
hear applications of property-owners for
correction and reduction of their assess
ments. Chairman Tobin stated that there
would be plenty of work In that connec
tion, which would take until July 16 to
complete.
A resolution providing that the notice
to corporations to show cause whv their
assessments of 1000 should not be in
creased shall be written or printed and
addressed to the president, secretary or
managing agent, and delivered by the
?ergea>nt-at-arms of the board at least
twelve hours before the time set for hear
ing the parties*, was adopted. Individuals
wfil be notified by mail.
The Sum of $200,000 Bet Aside aa a
Public Improvement Fund — Per
sonal Holdings Increased
by 930,000,000.
COMPLETION OF
ASSESSMENT OF
CITY PROPERTY
Dodge Submits Four Hun
dred Million Dollar Roll
to Supervisors.
e BOXERS VltW OF.IT.
BY way of reply to the continuous repetition in
the journals of Europe and. of America that the
invasion of China by the powers is justified by
the fact that the invaders will carry to the people of
that country a higher civilization than they now pos
sess, a Chinese merchant doing business' in England
has presented to the London Express the Chinese
view of the situation. He claims to be a member of
the "Boxer" society, and therefore asserts a right to
His first declaration is that China has had a civiliza
tion similar to that" now existing in the Western world
and has passed from ii to a better one. He says:
"There was a time when we had your struggle for
existence, the race for wealth, the ambition for power,
and all «tlfc haste, the hurry, and the worry. We had
also many clever inventions, gunpowder, printing and
the rest, but in the end we found that all these things
are unnecessary. We had our periods of religious
dissensions and fanaticism. We had our reformers
and our martyrs, and then we reached toleration. We
have outgrown all those strifes. We have learned
wisdpm. Our passions and our ambitions have set
tled down to a calm desire for happiness in this world;
our religion is reduced to a philosophy of life. We
believe that the best thing to pursue in this world is
happiness, and we teach our children that their hap
piness can be secured only by the performance of
duty. We believe in making the best of this life,
which is the only one we know anything about for
certain." .
Having laid, down that much by way of stating the
condition of Chinese civilization and religion, he went
on to discuss the present situation. "You purpose/'
he said, "to revive in China the worry, the disturb
ance and the strife of the old times. You wish to
introduce a new religion concerning another life in
another world, about which you cannot agree among
yourselves. You invite us to build railways, for which
we have no use. You wish us to build factories so as
to debase Qur beautiful arts and handicrafts, and pro
duce machine-made finery in place of our delicate
textures and hues. Against all that we protest. We
wish to be let alone. We wish to be free to enjoy our
calm life and the fruits of our centuries of experience.
We do not wish to be tormented by quarrels about
another world when our duty is to be happy in this
one. When we ask you to go away you refuse, and
you even threaten us with subjugation if we do not
give you our harbors, our towns and our land. Now,
having carefully considered the matter, we of the so
called 'Boxer Society' have decided that the only
way to get rid of you is to kill you. We are not
bloodthirsty. We are not robbers. But when per
suasion, arguments and appeals to your sense of jus
tice are of no avail, we find ourselves face to face
with the fact that our only recourse is to put you out
of existence." . »
Such is the view of the situation taken by the
Boxers. It is another illustration of the impossibility
of getting harmony between two widely different civi
lizations. That the aggressions of Europe upon China
have been unjust is not to be denied. Out of the in
justice done to them the Chinese have themselves be
come unjust, and their rage now falls upon the inno
cent. Western civilization must protect the traders
and the missionaries who under treaties of peace have
gone to China, and war has become inevitable. Never
theless, the statements of the Boxer to the Express
n:ake very pertinent reading, and men of impar
tial minds will admit the truth of much of what he
TUESDAY JULY 3, iqoo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ddress A!l Communications to W, S. LEAKE. Wara-jer.
ju>a<;i;u's office. . . ' r *' 1< ' I ' tl Z?^- F -^-Z^Jz.2^
FUULICATIOS OFFICE.. Market «"d Third. 3. F.
Telephone Vrcnn -01.
KniTOlIIAL HOOMS. 217 to 221 SleTCnion St.
Telephone ITe*« »O2.
Delivered t»T Currier-. 15 Ccnl* Per Week.
Single Coplm. S Cents.
Trrm« by Mall. ineladlnK Fontaieei
PAILT CALL, Oncludlr.gr Sunday), on* year f«.W
DAILT CALL (incJuitnf Sunday), « months S.Ofl
DAILY CALL <lnc!u<!lnc Sunday). I months 1-M
DAILY CALL— Uy Slncie Month »«
6T.VDAT CALL One Year J-J*
WEEKLT CAI-L. One Year 1 - 00
All postmaster* nre nnthorlr.ed to receive
¦ utmcrlptlona.
Easirle ccples will be (rrwarded when requested.
Sisll «ub«crlben Jn crString chanc* or ad<5re»» Bhould b«
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lour* a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.Mi OFFICE. ............ HIS nroadtT«JJ
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising. ?J^rque'-te Budding. Chicago.
<L*=s Dtrtuct TWephcDe "Central 2O3."t m
NXW YOItK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CA?.i_TCN. Heraid Square
KE"W TOHX nEPUEBENTATIVB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebmnts House: V. O. N«n Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
rrenicnt Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YOItK NEWS STANDS:
Hcte.. A. Brentano, 21 Union SQTjare;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON :D. C.) OFFICt Wellington Hote.
MCRTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BD «\rH OFPICKS-M7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. op«n
cnt!l J:tO o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. W3
X!cAl!lcter. open until f:3D o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
HU o'clock. J941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth. cp»n until S o'clock. 10»< Valencia, open
ur.UI 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'ejock. NW cor
ner Twenty-««-ccnd ar.d Kentucky, open until 1 o'clock.
THE POTHOUSE BOSSES.
! J/OELLY and Crimmins have about as much right
! |\ in the Republican party as a burglar has in a
j * *¦ bank. They have entered it solely for what they
; can get out of it. To them and their Mint saloon fol-
I lowing politics is a means of obtaining boodle and
I swag. Even when they are most decent and assume a
respectability they get no further than to support a
I jobseeker in his effort to become a taxeater and live
1 at the expense of the taxpayers. Neither of the two
I bosses nor any of the gang that follows knows or
j cares much about party principles or party policies.
i They have fastened themselves upon Republicanism
! only because they hope to be able to prey upon it.
j Their very presence in the party discredits it to some
1 extent, and if they be permitted to attain to any in
i fluence in its counsels they will drive from the ranks
' two good citizens for every vicious bum they can
bring in.
The fight which these disreputable men are nOw
making for what they have the impudence to call a
"satisfactory representation" in the county conven
tion is a matter of more importance than many Re
publicans are aware. The voters of San Francisco
have become intolerant' of boss politics. In recent
elections thousands of good Republicans have voted
against the party ticket simply^ because there was a
suspicion of an affiliation with Crimmins and Kelly,
and as a result the city is now misgoverned by a
Democratic administration. We have seen what is
the result of that kind of voting. The streets are un
swept and ill-lighted. A bungling Board of Health,
in an effort to do politics, has injured the trade of the
city to the extent of millions of dollars by starting a
senseless bubonic quarantine. Such are some of the
effects of allowing Crimmins and Kelly a "satisfac
tory representation" in Republican conventions.
What Republican is willing to repeat the experi
ment?
From the enrollments made in the districts it is well
assured the better element of the party will have such
success in the organization of the clubs and in the
nomination of delegates for the convention as to be
reasonably certain of 2 thorough control of that body.
That is gratifying, but it is not enough. It will not
take the pothouse bosses long to hoodoo the best
ticket the party can put up if they are given an oppor
tunity to do so. The best and safest way is for hon
est Republicans to nominate a clean ticket in every
district where Kelly and Crimmins control the club
nominations. It is better for the party to fight the
bos?cs out of the convention than in it, on the same
principle that it is better to keep a polecat out of
vour house than to let him in and then try to put
*¦-.'¦
him out.
redress, and now that charges are made of bribery and
corruption growing out of the injustice of the laws, it
is likely the petitions will be granted and Klondike
mining will enter upon a new phase.
THE SAJN JfKAJSCJSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.
6
REPORTS' of dissatisfaction with the Canadian
laws and the manner of their enforcement in the
Klondike country have been so frequent that
little or no surprise follows the announcement that
formal complaints have been made against some of
the prominent officials of the district. The laws ap
pear to be so unfair as. to almost amount to an en
couragement to fraud, and it was well nigh inevitable
that the men charged with the duty of enforcing
them should bend them now and then to the advan
tage of themselves and their friends.
So unjust are many of the laws and so unjustly
have they been administered that the Canadians have
almost killed the goose that laid them the golden
eggs. Despite the known richness of the country
around Dawson. thousands of hardy and adven
turous miners have left it for mining districts under
the American flag. It is true there is confusion at
Koine and not much order anywhere on the Ameri
can side of the line, but there is a chance for a man
to obtain a claim, and if it prove "rich the riches will
be for himself. On the Canadian side of the line,
however, it appears the law takes almost all from the
prospector and the officials take the rest.
The illibcrality of the Canadian Government in
dealing, with miners in. the Klondike and elsewhere
within her territory his been in striking contrast to
the liberal spirit that shows itself in the mining laws
of this country, but it is now believed a change will
be made and the Dominion will encourage mining
hereafter instead of putting upon it such burdens as
have come near to mining even so rich a district as
the Klondike. Strong petitions have" been sent by
the Canadians themselves from Dawson askine' for
eluding the north and middle forks Into which
mining debris Is dumped; Charles R. Allen,
statin! that but one brand of coal is called for
In the advertisement for yearly supplies and
that there can be no genuine competition un
der such conditions: A. Faladinl. apalnst the
passage of the ordinance regulating the hours
of labor of persons employed In wholesale flsn
markets; North Central Improvement Associa
tion, requesting that no action be taken in rer
erence to the trolley wires on Bush »trM>t.
between Kearny and Sarsome. until the prop
ertv owners may be heard; property owners
for" the abatement of a nulsinre caused by the
dumping of refuse from the Pewera on the Jot
at Klghth and Natoma *treets; Preclta \ al.ey
Improvement Club, requesting that the balance
remaining in the fund for the filling of Bernal
Park be used to place copfng around the parK.
Point Lobos Improvement Club, for the imme
diate placing of twenty new electric arc lights
in the Richmond district: Public Improvement
Central League, requesting the consecutue
numbering of houses on both sides of the street.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Day and M*ht. # *
Tlvoll--The GeUha."
Grand Op«T«-houf«- • > ChiI<!rfn of the Ghetto."
Cclumbla— 'Tree of Knowledge."'
U'.ympU. crrr.fr Ma«on ar.-l Ed4y streets-Specialties.
<"lrjtes. Zoo and T5icater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eve:: Ir.e.
Fischer's — "Romeo and Juliet."
.^jiro Oaths — Oien rights.
AUCTION SAXES.
By New York Auction Co.— Saturday, July 7, at 10 o'clock,
1500 Tent*, at IK Clay meet.
Toy Pistol Killed Him.
Sidney Smith, the 13-year-old boy who
was accidentally nhot In the palm of the
left hand last week while handling a tov
pistol, died at the City and County Hos-
pital yesterday of lockjaw, superinduced
by the wound.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend f s.»
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont,
gomery st. Telephone Main 1M2. •
"Well. Willie," said mamma, contem-
plating the result of her handiwork
"Papa's old knickerbockers S S
well on you. Of course, they're a trifle
. "Yes, ma." replied the bright boy "i
guess 'w!de ex-pants' would desrHho
them. "-Philadelphia Press. ae scrlb9
Dr. Sanf ord's I.iver Invigorator.
nJ be « 1 ?** t K! l ,y er TOe(llcln *- A vegetable cur« for
lWer lilt, blllouanew. Indigestion, constipation.*
Th« nse of Dr. Slegert's Angostura. Blttara e».
dtps the appetite and keeps tho dl-eatlre or.
cans la order.
INQUIRY CONCERNING GAMBLING LAWS.
CITY LIGHTING CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Matters of Moment to City Taxpayers.
MONEY FOR PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
ASSESSMENT ROLL SHOWS INCREASE.PARIS, July 2.— In the Chamber of Dep
uties to-day M. Deleasse. the Minister ot
Foreign Affairs, anonunced that he had
received a dispatch from the French Con
fuI at Shanghai to-day saying that the di
rector of Chinese railroads had received
the news that the Minister of a great
power had been assassinated at Peking
and that the other Minister* were in peril.
M. Delcaew added that France thus far
had been weakly represented among the
international forces, but the representa
tives from Tonquln were arriving 1 on the
LONDON. July 2.— Among the sensa
tional batch of telegrams from the Far
KaPt the most important is a statement
• 1 l>ody of international troops has
1 its way Into Peking, beating a
• nation of imperial troops and Box
ers. Though this rmanated from Shang
fcml ¦•!;¦} remains uncorroborated, the op
timS'ts find in It some measure of sup
; n ' I the tflecram from Lung Lui, the
*'hi:.'-se coir.mar.d»r in chief (who ap
parentljr is= a member of the Council of
H'at. f'r.4 President of the Department of
Finances), in which he refers to the ln
ternatiosa] forces entering Peking. Some
< :r- ¦.rr.stantiai'.ty appears to attach to th«
rrjv.rT from the statement that the lnter
catloaa] troops found the Chinese field
artillery vastly superior to their own,
bat badly handled. Whether the inter
r • bsJ forces ha\-e arrived at Peking or
Dot the message from Lur.g Lul relating
to th« critical situation and demanding
the instant advance of the foreign troops
fho»s that at least one section is ready
to welcome them and join in opposing
Prince Tuen's anti-foreign agitation. The
lattr-r is Fdid to have accomplished an
ether revolution at the palace by plac
ing his own son (heir apparent) on the
throne after seizing or driving out the
I>owagcr Empress and Emperor. He
hoj>ed to derive advantage from these In
ternational comj.iieatir.ns. Though prac
tically all the Devi tends to establish the
accuracy of the dispatches announcing
Von Kettelorn tnurd<-r, some people find
a ray of hope from the fact that Sir Rob
ert Hart, the inspector general of customs,
telegraphing on, the subject of the situa
tion of the legations after the alleged
date of the murder. <!ld not mention it.
DETAILS OF GERMAN
MINISTER'S MURDER
: BERLIN. July 2.— Privy Councilor Ham
rnann said to-day that the dispatch
announcing Baron von Ketteler's assassi
nation was received here to-day, it was
bas*l upon a direct written message con
veyed from Peking .and signed by Von
Bergen, a member of the German legation
at Peking, and Sir Robert Hart, the In
epector GenrraJ of Customs. It was ad
dressed to the commander of the Euro
pean forces? at Tientsin and was forward
ed June 24 by Consul Zimmerman to the
German Consul at Chefu. The message
contained a number of interesting de
tails. Baron von Ketteler, while riding
on horseback to the Tpung LI Yemen
< Foreign Office) was attacked by larg*
numbers of Chinese, who pulled him off
hi? horse and beat him to death.
An interpreter who was with him was
seriously injured, but escaped and subse
quently reached the German legation.
Herr Hanmann supposes that there wa-s
more bloodshed at the legation, the de-
Ftruction of which, he declares, wa3 more
alarming, because the message adds the
condition of the whites was desperate
and protection was imperatively needed.
It was announced that the ammunition
was also exhausted.
FRANCE TO HAVE A
PROPORTIONATE FORCE
FOREIGN TROOPS SAID
TO HAVE ENTERED PEKING
scene, and the French admiral would
soon have C000 men, while, with the ar
rival of the other representatives on the
way, France within a month will have a
force proportionate to her position in
China,
CONFIRMS THE BAD
NEWS FROM PEKING
WASHINGTON*. July 2.— Bad news
came this morning from Admiral Kempff,
confirming the worst stories which have
emanated from China relative to the con
ditions at Peking, and a feeling of dis
quiet was noticeable among administra
tion officials and diplomats. The German
embassy showed particular anxiety for
Information respecting the pad murder of
Baron von Ketteler. and in the course of.
the afternoon Secretary Herrmann of the
embassy paid a special visit to the State
Department.
M. Thiebaut, the charge of the French
embassy, also called, in quest of Informa
tion It was said. These visits revived ru
mors that an effort is afoot to reach an
international agreement respecting the
conduct of the forces of the powers in
China. It was said this afternoon at the
State Department that the only news was
that there seemed to be a unanimous
agreement on the part of the powers to
welcome with the utmost cordiality Ja
pan's offer to furnish reinforcements for.
the forces now operating along the Peiho
River In the effort to reach Peking, as
Japan, alone of the powers, is prepared
to throw into China whatever number of
troops may be needed. The news to that
effect had come to the State Department
from all directions, and particularly from
England, Russia and France.
As far as the State Department Is con
cerned, it had previously accorded Japan
a free hand in the matter of the number
of troops to be employed in China, upon
a voluntary and courteous statement of
the purpose of the employment of these
forces.
A gathering in Secretary Hay's office
late in the afternoon of Secretary Root
and Secretary Hitchcock, taken in con
nection with the fact that Secretary Long
had been In conference earlier In the day
with the Secretary of State, led to the
circulation of rumors that Important de
velopments were to be expected connected
with the strengthening , of the United
States forces now in China. These ru
mors, however, were speedily set at rest
hy the statement from one of the partici
pants that the conference had nothing. to
do with the Chinese affair, but related to
some Indian troubles In the Northwest.
Secretary Root did not hesitate to enter
Into a Fpedflc denial of some of the sensa
tional stories which are persistently clr
<ulated every day regardless of facts. He
paid that he had not ordered any troops
to China beyond the Ninth Infantry from
Manila, now on the way to Taku. and pos
sibly the Sixth Cavalry, about to start
from Fan Francisco for Nagasaki. The
destination of the latter would depend
upon developments. He said he had not
ordered the Fourth and Eighteenth regi
ments of infantry to China, as had been
reported in some quarters, nor had he
made the slightest preparation for their
dispatch.
Respecting the withdrawal^ of troops
from Cuba, the Secretary said that he did
not himself know which of the regiments
would be first brought home. GeneraJ
Miles and General Wood were trying to
settle that question, there being some dif
ference as to whether the withdrawals
should be based upon the order in which
the regiments had gone to Cuba or upon
other condition*, such as the conditions of
their service and the need at home for
cavalry or infantry organizations.
Secretary Long contradicted the report
that the New Orleans was to be sent to
Taku, or elsewhere in China, and added
that he did not even Intend to send out
another chip to _ make up the deficiency
caused by the ciisafi^er to the Oregon-,
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
TIENTSIN. Jur.p 2?. via Chefu. July I, and Shanghai, July 3. — A courier from
E:r Robert Hart. Inspector General of Customs at Peking, has just arrived. He
left Peking on Monday. July 25. and reports the situation desperate. On June IS, he
reports. Baron von Ketteler, the German Minister, and his secretary attempted to
visit the Tsur.g LJ Yamen. He was shot four times and died at the rooms of the
Tp jr.g U Yamen. His secretary succeeded in making his escape.
All of the legation? rxc-pt the German, British and ItaJian have been de-
Ftroyed. Th» diplomats and missionaries are in the British legation under rifle
flre. Cannon command the legations, but they are not being used. It is impossi
ble to start relief at present.
Captain McCalla. commander of the Newark, estimates that &0.000 soldiers will
be required to relieve the Ministers in Peking.
DIPLOMATS AND MISSIONARIES
FIGHTING FOR THEIR LIVES
LfTSTXys, July 3, 3 A. M. — The allies are not advancing for the relief of
Pokinp. This announcement to the House of Commons by William SL
J.'hn Broderick, Un<5««r Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, was received
with exclamations of astonishment ar.d dismay. Sir Ellis Ashmead Bartiett
Inquired for any information that had been received from the legations at
Pekffig; or as to the composition and command of the relieving force and of the
present position. Mr. Kroderiok read the dispatches received to-day and said the
total nlliod force available is now about 13,000, as troops have been rapidly arrlv
injr. addiry?:
"We do not yet know what arrangements have been made locally regarding
the command of an expedition, but It has not yet been thought possible to at
tempt a ft:rther advance. The Consuls have been In communication with tho Vice
roys In the Yangtze region end they are quite well aware that support will be
givoTi them by her Majesty's Government in preserving order. It Is obviously
bspossfble th:it the representatives of the powers at Peking should be consulted,
as no communication:-, are passing between them."
"The situation Is desperate. Hasten."
The<=e words froin the message of Von Burgen, a member of the German Le
pstion at Peking, countcrsig-ed by Sir Rcrert Hart, Inspector General of Customs,
an.', lilted Bine days ago, are the theme of all private comment. They are pre-
Tiarlr.g for news of a frightful tragedy. Nine days ago the ammunition, of the
little garrison defending the foreigners was running low and their food was
nearly oxhaiistpd, while around them was a horde of Kan Su bravos, having at
their service Kri:rP guns and repeating rlSes. Peking was in the hands of the
revolutior.nrips.
While nothing but sinister news comes from Northern China, Southern China
S-s 5~emsr.3!y breaking away from the empire. All the provinces south of the Yel
|<rcr River, whose Viceroys and Governors maintain friendly relations with the
.powers through the Consuls, have been Informally constituted into a confeder
acy, with Nanking as the capital.
According to an express cable from Shanghai, dated July 2, the Southern
¦Viceroys 'wholly disavow Prince Tuan's Government. They^have practically con
stituted an independent State, extending from the Hoangho to the British and
»er.ch frontiers. little else to illuminate the profound obscurity of the situation
reaches cable points. The Chinese wires to Chefu appear, to be interrupted.
I-ast right St. Petersburg was informed over the Siberian wires that the de
struction of the Russian railways in Manchuria continues, and it seems not im
probable that Russia will be fully occupied for a time In suppressing the insur
rec:ion among its subject Chinese and may be unable to send more troops imme
diately to Taku. The powers look more and more to Japan to supply the force
necessary a: once to grapple with the formidable rebellion.
While Appeals Continue to Come From the
Chinese Capital, the Allied Forces Ap
pear to Be Awaiting Reinforcements
¦ Before Advancing to Rescue Foreigners.
AMERICAN CASUALTIES.
*
WASHINGTON*. July 2.— The Navy Department to-night, received the fol
lowing cahkfrram from Admiral KompfT:
"CHEFI.".— Secretary Navy: Ca?i:altips to date: Corporal James F. Lan
r.!Ksn; Private* J. K. Millpr, \V. H. Morris, Ed Provensal. John Hunder, W.
H. N'lchols; Boatswains Mate T. Thomas, Gunner's Mate B. Benson. Ap
prentice H. A. Hroman. landsman II. Seversen. Seriously wounded: Cadet
Taupsie, Boatswain's Mate Holoyoke, Coxswain Thomas, and thirty-four
others slightly woundod. Ships' crews all nations re-embarklng. Soldiers and
marines remain ashore. Captain McCalla on duty. KEMPFF."
. Capta'n McCalla wan reported wounded in a previous cablegram, 60 the
latest news indicates that he was not badly hurt.
SITUATION IS DESPERATE AT PEKING
Boxers Opposing- the Advance of the Foreigners to Peking.
(Th« above picture, taken from Le Journal Illustre, shows the Russian wing of the foreign column In bat
tle with the Chinese.)
GERMANY WILL INSIST
UPON FULL SATISFACTION
Murder of Minister von Ketteler Causes the
Kaiser to Decide to Send a Big Land and
Naval Force to China.
The North German Gazette says:
"Above all the International forces must
now take Peking and stop the anarchy
there."
Baron von Ketteler's death, mentioning
particularly his courage and strong sense
of duty. The Kruez Zeltung says Ger
many cannot allow the murder to go un
punished, and especially if the proof 1?
furnished that the Chinese government
has made common cause with the Boxers.
The paper argues strongly for the send
ing of a large German force, since they
aro assured of bases of operation at Taku
and Tientsin. The Tageblatt talks more
heatedly. It says this deed will force Ger
many Into the first ranks of interested
powers, while hitherto she was behind
Russia, England and France. The paper
expresses confidence that this unpar
alleled crime will create a sentiment of
European solidity, so that the blood of
Baron von Ketteler will become a cement,
uniting the whole white race against the
yellow.
BERLIN; July 2.— From well authenti
cated sources the representative of the
Associated Press is able to state that to
day, after the detailed statement by Count
von Bulow, Secretary of State for For
eign Affairs, regarding the Chinese situa
tion. Emperor William made up his min.1
to Insist upon full satisfaction for the
death of Baron von Ketteler, for which
purpose he resolved to send altogether
armed forces approximately as large as
those of the other powers chiefly Inter
ested in restoring order In China. The
precise size of the forces has not yet been
determined upon, but It is expected they
will amount to a score of thousands. A
considerable portion of the German fleet
will be sent also. This is evidenced by
orders issued to-day to prepare five new
battleships for sailing. It is understood
that Prince Henry of Prussia has re
quested the Emperor to give him com
mand of this division, but It Is doubtful
If his Majesty will agree to this.
The Emperor and Count von Bulow are
fully aware that constitutional difficulties
render difficult the dispatching of so large
a contingent, but both are agreed that It
must be done. In this they are supported
by the singularly unanimous attitude of
the German press. To-night a number of
leading papers are seriously discussing
means of fulfilling the nation's wish to
make reprisal against China correspond
ingly severe with the outrages.
At the Foreign Office to-night the situa
tion for Germany was described as most
difficult, especially since the latest news
shows that serious trouble Is Impending
in Shantung. The Chinese Legation here
Is still smilingly smug. Minister Lu Hal
Houn said that he was extremely sorry
for the bloody events In Peking, but he
felt sure that the Dowager Empress was
guiltless. From an Interesting chat with
him the point seems worth recording that
the Minister took it for granted that the
powers will subdue the revolt in China
and then arrange a new government.
The press to-night unanimously deplores
What Will Become of China?
None can- foresee the outcome of the quarrel
between foreign powers over the division of
China. It is interesting to watch the going: to
pieces of this ancient but unprogresslve race.
Many people in : America, are also colne to
pieces because of - dyspepsia, constipation,
blood, liver and stomach diseases. We are liv
ing too fast, but strength, vigor and good
health can be retained If we keep off and cure
the above diseases' with" Hoatetter*a: Stomach
Bitters. Wiwp fi <%9finM
REFUSE TO RATIFY
THE AGREEMENT
WASHINGTON, July 2.— After forty
eight hours' consideration and probably
after consulting the President at Canton
by wire, the Cabinet officers here have de
cided not to ratify the agreement of nine
articles providing for the neutralization of
Shanghai and the Southern Chinese treaty
ports, submitted by Minister Wu. There
were some things in the agreement which
the Government felt that it could not ac
cept.'
Such, for Instance, was tho . absolution
proposed to be extended to the Chinese
Government in advance for many out
rages that might occur ln v the treaty
ports. The Government has, however, no
objection to the principles embodied in
the agreement, and has therefore told
Consul Goodnow by telegram that it
might pledge the American Government to
commit no act of hostility so long as the
Viceroy of the province is able to keep
the peace and will protect foreigners.
This determination has been made known
to the other powers.
There is every disposition on the part of
the Government to encourage such an
agreement, for they will not only relieve
the Government of the necessity of main
taining a large naval force at the south
ern treaty ports, but will tend to
strengthen decidedly whatever opposition
there may be In China to the anti-foreign
element headed by Prince Tuan.
Our Government is convinced, that this
leader does not represent the Chinese Gov
ernment. It also Is satisfied that the of
ficial class of China generally, the men of
Influence and learning, are decidedly op
posed to Tuan's policy. Holding this
view, our Government Is still convinced
that a state of war with China does not
exist: that we are merely opposing an in
surrectionary mob, even though that mob
has been swelled by Chinese soldiers.
WOULD DESTROY GRAVES.
BERLIN, July 2.— The consular body at
Tientsin has unanimously proposed to
their governments as the sole means of
saving the foreigners at Peking that the
united powers should inform the Chinese
authorities , that the graves, of the an
cestors of the imperial family at Peking
will be destroyed if the foreigners at
Peking, especially the Ministers, are
harmed. It is understood Great Britain
is not disposed to adhere to the proposi
tlon.
LOSS AMONG ITALIAN'S.
ROME. July 2.— The commander of the
Italian warship Elba cables from Taku
that the Italian detachment at Tientsin
had a lieutenant and -six sailors killed
during: the recent- fisbtinjr there.
KEMPFF REPORTS
LEGATIONS BESItGED
WASHINGTON, July 2.— The Navy De
partment has received the following ca
blegram from Admiral KempfT, without
date:
"CHEFU.— Secretary of Navy, Washing
ton: Rumor from Peking reports legations
are besieged: provisions nearly exhausted;
situation desperate. German Minister go-
Ing to Tsung Li Yemen murdered by Chi
nese soldiers; America, Italian and Dutch
legations burned; 20,000 Chinese soldiers
inside; 30,000 outside of Peking; 3000 re
ported bound for Tientsin; still fighting at
Tientsin; communication to Tientsin by
rail and river insecure. KE1IPFF."
ADMIRAL BRUCE REPORTS.
I.OXDON*, July 2.— A dispatch from Ad
miral Bruce to the Admiralty to-day,
dated Taku, June 30, practically repeats
Admiral Kempft's story brought to Tient
sin by a runner who left Peking June
26. Bruce adds:
"As the allied troops have been arriving
rapidly, we do not know what arrange
ments have been made locally for the
command of the new' expedition. But it
has not yet been thought' possible to at<
tempt a further advance."
FRENCH CONSTJXATE STRUCK.
PARIS, July 2.— The French Consul at
Tientsin telegraphs, under date of Juno
26, as follows:
"Several shells were fired into the town
yesterday e%'enlnpr. one of them falling on
the French consulate and damaging the
building -without .injuring the t residents.
The secretary of the consulate*, who was
acting as surveyor for the town, and two
French sailors were killed at the town
hall."
BOBBED BY MONGOL SOLDIEBS.
TSIN TCEOO, July 2.— The German en
gineers on the Shantung River ¦ have
been forced to abandon their work owing
to disturbances between Kla Ho and Wei
He Hsln. The engineers, who were plun
dered by regular soldiers, managed to
reach a place of safety after a running
fight, In which many Chinese were killed.
THE SAN FHAJSCl^UU «JAJjL, TUE^DAr, JULY 3, 1JJUU.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
LAUGHTER IS KING IN
A DAY and A NIGHT
Presented by
Dunne & Byley's ALL-STAR CAST
IS MADE FOR LAUGHTER.
DON'T FORGET SPECIAL. MATINEE TO-
MORROW.
FOURTH OF JCXT.
REGUL.AH MATINKE SATURDAY AXt>
EVERT EVEXtN'O THIS WEEK.
Next Pur.rlay IIO1TP CLEVEREST SATIRE.
"A CONTENTED WOMAN."
Miss Norma Whalley In title rol».
SAN FRANCISCO NEVER SAW A BETTER
BILL.
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Assisted by MI33 EVA RANDOLPH.
Quaker City Quartette,
The Four COHANS,
TOt>D JUDGE FAMILT. GILBERT AND
GOLDIE. CARRIXOTON. HOLLAND AND
GALPEX. MUSICAL PALE.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats. 50 cents.
Matinees 'Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
INDEPENDENCE DAT MATIXEE. July 4.
THI3 WEEK ONLY
EXTRA MATIMEE WEDNESDAY, Jnly 4.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WIHTTLESEY.
Costly Scenic and Costume Production.
CARMEN
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
SEATS SIX DATS IN* ADVANCE.
NEXT WEEK "CAMILLE."
PHONE MAIN SC
WALTER MOKOSCO Manaser
AN INNOVATION IN PLAYCRAFT.
A drama of CHARACTER, NOT INCI-
DENT
P.ECEIVED WITH IMMENSE EN-
THUSIASM.
Ten calls at eml of third act.
EVERT EVENING.
CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO
THE GREATEST SUCCESS OK MANY
TEARS.
Matinee Wednesday, July 4. and Saturday.
Prices Tjc, Jfte. Kc. lie. N'o higher. Mat-
inee. 5Cc. 23c. 13c. 10c.
Branch ticket office Emporium.
FISCHER'S concert house.
IlutllLftO AdmUsion lOc.
ERMA "WING. ISAHELLE UNDERWOOD
and SIG. ABRAMOFF In S*cene From "RO-
MKO AND JULIET": NORMAN PHILLIPS
D'ESTELLE SISTERS. LITTLE MELVILLE
COAKLEY and EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN* NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathinat From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN*. 5c.
Batning Including Admission, 25c; Children JOeu
MMHMlsM*BmiMi.'. ¦ '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GUARANTEE
The Organizers of the
That is to say, if the Ophir Oil Company shall fail to produce oil in
paying quantities sufficient to bring its stock to par value (one dollar
per share), purchasers will receive back, with accrued interest, THE EN-
TIRE AMOUNT PAID IN BY THEM FOR STOCK.
The securities thus held in trust are adequate, and
AN INVESTMENT
Have arranged with the CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND
TRUST COMPANY to hold sufficient securities in trust for the pur-
chasers of Ophir Oil Stock to INSURE HOLDERS OF THIS STOCK
AGAINST LOSS.
. . IN . .
FULLY PAID and NON-ASSESSABLE.
Sold only in blocks of $500 and upward.
Common Stock, unsecured, can be had at FIFTY CENTS per share
in certificates of twenty shares and over.
While it lasts it can be had for
75 CENTS PER SHARE
Only a limited amount of this SECURED STOCK is offered for sale.
Whatever happens to the Ophir Oil Company YOUR
INVESTMENT IS SAFE.
YOU CANNOT LOSE.
WHEN OIL IS STRUCK,
There is no "reading between the lines" in this proposition.
IMMENSE POSSIBILITIES OF GAIN
Absolute Security
. . 1A/ITH . .
Is as secure as a United States Government
Bond, and vastly superior to deposits In
Banks of Savings, for the reason that it
combines t
OPHIR OIL STOCK
Represented in San Francisco by J. P. MASSIE,
Room 14, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
©•0Q©es©008©
OPHIR OIL COMPANY - - - - San Francisco, Cal.
• OUR GOLD DREDGINO PUMPS
l/DAfll' Were •acceasfnl at Nomt laat
iXllUUn rear. All ether* railed. In opera.
Uoo Oallr. » Stevenson si, S. r.
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.,
cures these troubles of
women, and robs men-
struation of Its terrorsm
"Can any woman afford
to Ignore the medicine and
the advice that has cured
a million women?
No woman need be with-
out the safest and surest
advice, for &7rs. Plnkham
counsels women free of
charge. Her address Is
Lynn, Mass*
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Is a proud and peerless
recordm It Is a record of
cure, of constant -con-
quest over obstinate Ills
of women; Ills that deal
out despair; suffering
that many women think
Is woman's natural heri-
tage; disorders and dis-
placements that drive out
hcpcm
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAN
THIS WEEK. EVERY NIGHT (Except Sun.).
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARL.ES FROHMAN Presents .
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL. COMPANY
In the New York Lyceum Theater Success.
The TREE OR
KNOWLEDGE.
A Powerful Play in Five Acts.
By R. C. Carton.
Interpreted by the Greatest Cast Ever Secured
for an American Production.
NEXT WEEK— The Comedy of Manners. "A
MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE."
*TIVQLS*
ANOTHER PACKED HOUSE
. LAST NIGHT ENJOYED
The Enormous Comic Op«ra Success.
I Ml ulIoeIM
Pronounced by Press and Public as GREATTvR
Than "The Idol's Eye."
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday &t 2.
POPULAR PRICES-2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
—¦ - _ ,
if * "^>» /^^^*^v v # i t
\ Cor fWiOM'T>">V\ • w^ v v"V»J,^ '&»*»
UNCLE SAM'S HOLIDAY
Is yours also, when vou want your holi-
day shirt front on. and a collar that won't
detract from your pleasure when cele-
brating. Take your linen to a reliable
laundry, where the edges of your collars
and cuffa will not be frayed and where
the color and finish will do you proud
anywhere, such as Is always turned out
at the United States laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 388 12th Street.
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR AT0RBra$5
Flvn hundred reward for any
case wa cannot cure. This secret tSBm KSi
remedy stops all losses in S4 I i
hours, cures Emissions. Impo- I&T3 RTHS
tfncy. Vnrlcocele, Gonorrhoea rf.' J^w
Gleet, Fits. Strictures,- Lost \% **
Manhood «nd all wastlns: e.T»ct3 f*£r J5«
of !»lf-abuM or excesses. Sent Ekv9ESE33fiH
sealed. $2 bcttle: 3 bottles. J3: guaranteed to
eure any ease. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. EM Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for ta.l« at 1073H Market st.. S. F. All prtvat*
•lseaaea quickly cured. Send for fre« book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
frreat Mexican remedy; gives health and ¦
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 iiaxket. >PITTSBURG, July 2.— Fire to-day destroyed
the large soap and fertilizing plant of the
Walker- Stratmaa Company. • Loss |75,000.
General MacArthur Has Cabled That
Further Withdrawals Would
Have a Bad Effect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 2.-Though in
formed of the surrender and capture of
two more generals of the insurgent army
in the Philippines, and consequently en
couraged thereby, it is nevertheless a fact
that Major General MacArthur has in
formed the War Department that it is
Inadvisable to ¦withdraw troops from the
islands at this moment. .
After the November elections It is ex
pected that at lea*t 20,000 men can be
spared for service in China, but in view
of the belief that would now rapidly
spread among the Filipinos, in case of the
withdrawal of troops, that the United
States is unable to deal with the situa
tion and proposes to relinquish sover
eignty over the archipelago, it has been
decided not to detach any more regiments
from General JIacArthur's command ex
cept under stress of absolute necessity
The only insurgent generals of import
ance rtill directing operations against the
American forces are Afrulnaldo and Gen
eral Tino. Both are believed to be in the
mountains of Benguet. The capture of
General Ricarte is believed to be espe
cially important. He was one of the in
surgent commanders who opposed Gen
eral Anderson's advance during the earlv
days of the rebellion. The fact that the
native police apprehended him is pointed
out as an indication of the great value of
this service. Ricarte is the second promi
nent man arrested by the native police.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
PARIS. Julr 2.— In the Chamber of Deputies
to-day th» Government Introduced a credit
of 1. 315.000 francs to erect an embassy bulld
lnj: in Washington.
WASHINGTON. July J.-The chief of en
irinpers has approved tlie award of a contract
m-lth the California Construction Company for
the construction of a breakwater at San Pedro.
Cal.. at its bid of $2.375,(rJ0.
CHICAGO. July 2. -Jacob Baker of Polo. Ill
and H. F. Krelle. a local Insurance man be
came victims of the Ftlfitns humidity here to
day. Baker died. Krelle will recover. Tho
temperature marked 82 flegrees.
MILES CITY. Mont. July 2.-The Custer
County Wool Warehouse, two dwellings and
eicht cars were dentroyed by flre early thfg
morning. There was 40,000 pounds of wool in
the warehouse, partially insured. Loss $230,000.
NEW YORK. July 2.-In the trial of the men
accused of conspiracy in publishing reports
calculated to depress the *tock of the Brook
lyn Rapid Transit Company verdicts of guilty
were, returned this afternoon against Ooslin
Parlrfrr end Davis. IJoffert was found "not
guilty."
LONDON'. July 2.— The Rev. Charles M Shel
don of Kansas was questioned to-day regard
ing the report of his nomination for the Vice
Presidency by the United Christian party. lie
eald: "My name has been proposed without
authority. I have no Intention of accepting the
nomination."
Aati-Impenalist Conference.
CHICAGO, July 2.— The executive com
mittee of tho anti-Imperialists' League to
<3ay decided to call a general conference
cf anti-imperialists to meet at Indian
apolis on August 15.
NO FURTHER TROOPS TO BE
TAKEN FROM PHILIPPINES
OKLAHOMA. O. T.. July 2.-The "Free
Homes" boomers were given a part in the
Rough Riders' reunion to-day, the prin
cipal feature of the platform exercises
being a Bpeech by Dennis T. Flynn, Ter
ritorinl delegate to Congress, who told of
the free homes legislation which, he said,
brought cheer to €0,000 firesides. Mr. Flynn
also made a plea for statehood.
In the afternoon, at the Fair Grounds,
I0."00 people witnessed a riding eontest.
The result w.:f a tie between Bruce Dolan
of Texas and Ward Sles of Indian Terri
tory.
M!ss Lucille Mulhall. an expert rider, at
tracted much attention.
A jirire for quick roping and tying of a
calf was won by J. E. Merrill of Round
R'«ck, Tex., who consumed .".1% -seconds.
The ex-eningr's entertainment consisted of
lireworks and a spectacular exposition, of
the bfttle of Han Juan Hill.
Tht military ball to-night was the most
crilli:i".t erect Oklahoma City ever wit
nessed. A thousand of the brave men par
ticipatf-d in the festivities.
Governor Kcw-.s.-velt's reception here,
where his Rough Riders ore in camp, was
i-iattt-nng in the extreme and probably
the warmest th.it has been tendered him in
many a Oay. The Jiough Riders In their
ichaiu uniforms were everywhere present
and all of th»m wore shouting lustily for
Teddy. I ully 10.000 people were gathered
at>out the station and their voices went
In unison in a great acclaim to the hero
of tan Juan, while tUe band played
— Thero il He a Hot Time in the Old Town
To-N:ght. A carriage completely draped
with American flags was in waiting and
Governor jtons«evelt was prevailed upon
to enter It taid be driven to the new Hotel
.Uee. where a short reception was tendered
him, after which he returned to his pri
vate car for the night. The crowd in the
turects was tremendous, and everything
looks promising for a lively time In this
eity of the plains to-morj»ow.
During the day Governor Roosevelt
mace n>«?eches at the following Kansas
towns: Osase.City. Lawrence, Topeka,
Empona, Florence and Newton. At the
latter place the Governor addrweed an
ffntfcusiasUc audience of 3000 in the Audi
torium this afternoon. It was the tirst
time the Governor had Wt the train since
leaving Chicago, all his jirovtous speeches
having been made from the rear platform
of his private car. His address was along
the Fn-mo llr.es as those delivered at To
peka and Kmporfa. touching upon the
questions of imperialism and silver.
"You cf the West." he said, "were told
four yrars apo that you would not get
prosperity without 16 to. I. But you did
not get it and yet you look pretty mid
dling prosperous. Xow when a man says
you can t have prosperity unless you have
something that afterward proves to be
•to put it mildly, an error, don't you trust
him any more. You cannot, by legisla
tion, secure well-being. Foolish laws,
laws that would disrupt our economic and
financial system, would nullify the hard
est work that Kansas could ever do. Leg
islation will never make the thriftless
prosper. Now we have achieved prosper
ity, don't let us be fools enough to thro?'
away what we have got."
On the way back to his car the Governor
•was 'compelled to shake hands with hun
creds of admirers, and one enthusiastic
citizen Fhouted as the train pulled out:
"We would like to keep you here Ted
fly."
KA?»SAS CITY. July 2.-<Jovernor Theo-
Hennion of the Bough Biders Be
comes In Reality a Splendid
Ovation to tho Gov
ernor.
Members of Both Parties
Very Enthusiastic in
Greeting Him.
REPUBLICANS
AND DEMOCRATS
MEET ROOSEVELT
dore Roosevelt of Xew York was given a
remarkable reception in this city to-day.
The Governor, on his way from New York
to attend the annual reunion of the Routjh
Riders, which takes place this week at
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, arrived here
at about 10:30 a. m.. and for half an hour
Democrats and Republicans alike united
In irlvlng; him a vociferous welcome and
in shaking his hand until he was glad to
quit. The Santa Fe overland train, on
which Governor Roosevelt was traveling,
was due at 8:30 a. m.
At that time about 2000 people had con
gregated in the Union Depot sheds to get
a glimpse of New York's Governor, but by
the time the train pulled In fully 7000
were Jammed along the platforms, sit
ting on the roofs of the train sheds and
clinging to the iron girders. Shortly be
fore Roosevelt's train arrived a big dele
gation of Kansas City Democrats and a
few delegates from that State, all carry
ing huge sunflower*, arrived and they also
waited to see the Republican leader.
When finally the train slowlv backed
Into the shed and Governor Roosevelt,
pmillnsr and ppeetaclfd. was seen on the
platform, a perfect roar of cheers went
UP-
"Hello, Teddy! Rah for Roosevelt!"
"Teddy, step off and talk to the Demo
crats '." yelled enthusiastic members of the
crowd.
ST. LOUIS. July 2.— An agreement
wh^ch marks the end of the long strike
of the street railway .employes of the
Transit Company was reached to-night at
5:30 o'clock, and was signed by the strik
ers' grievance committee. Chairman T. B.
Edwards, as well as by President Edward
Whltaker of the Transit Company. Nego
tiations which had been quietly conducted
during the past two weeks camo to an
end this afternoon. After five hours of
discussion, a basis of settlement was ar
rived at acceptable to both parties to the
controversy. The terms were first pre
sented to Mr. Whitaker and were signed
by him for the company. They were then
placed before the strikers" representa
tives; .and after a brief discussion they
accepted and signed the conditions;
The following statement was given out
by Harry A. Bryan, who has been repre
senting the national organization of street
railway men, he speaking also for the
grievance committee:
"We believe that a satisfactory agree
ment has been reached, one which will
commend Itself to the people of St. Louis
and the Transit Company and Its former
employes.
"Concessions were necessarily made by
both parties. After having duly consid
ered the tremendous proportions the
strike had assumed, and taking into con
sideration the terrible inconvenience to
v/hich citizens have been put, both par
ties are relieved to know that the trou
ble is over and that business can now as
sume its normal conditions."
For some time negotiations have been
conducted quietly . looking toward a set
tlement. The only point of difference was
finally the matter of restoring the strikers
to other places. The men at first de
manded that each one of them should re
ceive the place he had before the strike."
This point wag settled by terms of the
agreement. The agreement follows: ¦
First— The provisions of the agreement of
March 10. 1900. as to rates of pay and hours of
service will be continued in force by the com
pany.
Second— Every employe of the company Is to
be free to Join or not to Join any organization,
and no difference to be made for or against
him twaufc of the manner In which he exer
cises his freedom.
Third— Any attempt on the part of any em
ploye to injure any other employe by intimi
dation or threats to Join or not to Join any
union shall be a cause for the immediate dis
charge of the person guilty of the attempt.
Fourth — Any attempt to Influence any em
ploye by any official of the company to Join" or
not to join a union shall be cause for the dis
charge of such official.
Fifth — The company will meet any employe
or committee of employes or other employes
or association of employes regarding any mat
ter of mutual Interest.
Sixth— For the purpose of filling vacanrie*
which may now exist or hereafter may arise
a committee of four employes, of which T. B.
Ki! wards is chairman, shall compile a list of
men who were in the company's service on May
7th last, and if the company now or hereafter
needs additional men it will select them ex
clusively from this list until I it is exhausted,
not interfering with men now in service. No
person shall b« eligible to this list who has
been guilty of any acts of lawlessness or vio
lence. Scale of July 5, 1900.
Signed St. Louis Transit Company, by Ed
ward S. Whitaker, president.
T. B. Edwards, i chairman of committee.
The strike If hereby declared oft.
T. B. .EDWARDS* Chairman Committee. •
Vacancies Are to Be Filled by the
Company From a List Sub
mitted by a Strikers'
Committee.
Railway Employes and the
Transit Company Come
to Terms.
AGREEMENT IS
REACHED IN THE
CAR STRIKE
ATTEMPT TO ROB A
SAFE PROVES FUTILE
In Using Dynamite Two Bobbers Are
Injured and a Large Sum Is
Saved.
CHICAGO. July 2.— A bold attempt by
two masked men to loot the safe in the
office of the Globe Laundry Company
early to-day was frustrated by an acci
dent that may prove fatal to one of the
marauders. In exploding dynamite to
shatter the lock of the Inner door of the
safe one of the men had his right hand
torn away and his wrist shattered, while
the other thief was struck in the face by
a fragment of flying steel.
The injured men fled, leaving gagged
and bound on the floor three men em
ployed by the company, whom they had
surprised sleeping: in the room adjoining
the office on the second floor.
The mishap saved a large sum to the
company, the officials Intimating that the
safe contained thousands of dollars, but
refused to disclose the actual amount.
EXCITEMENT AT FEZ DUE
TO FRENCH ENCROACHMENT
Mob Kills the Manager of a Concern
That Seeks to Control the
Oasis of Touan.
TANGIER, July 2.— There Is great ex
citement at Fez owing to French en
croachments on the oasis of Touan. A
mob killed the manager of the French
concern, who was an American citizen.
The British Consul has demanded assist
ance of the authorities to protect his
house, and the Jewish ghetto is- besieged.
The legation herb is making serious rep
resentations on the subject.
COLOMBIAN TROOPS
DEFEATED BY REBELS
Highwayman Removed From Tomb
stone for Fear of a Jailbreak.
Bpecial LVispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, July 2. — Billy Stiles, who was
One Hundred Government Soldiers
Slain and Many Taken
Prisoner.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. July 2.— Further
advices from Colombia say the rebel gen
eral Camacho recently captured a gunboat
on the River Slnua. The officers and crew
were made prisoners. It Is added that the
sum of 510,000 was found on board.
The Government forces on June 23 at
tacked the rebels fifty miles from Panama.
The former were defeated: losing 100 men
killed/one gun and a number of prisoners,
rifles and flags.
STILES UX TUCSON".
dealt out to the men to-day, and suits of
clothing were erlven to every man that
asked for them. Food and shelter was
provided for the company'c men. Superm
intendent Moeler of the North Gorman
Llovd line late to-night returned from
his "trip to the v.nrious vessels that lay in
the river. Concerning the general situa
tion at this hour he said:
"The steamship Bremen can be repaired
without great outlay. She burned until
C o'clock to-night, when the last flame
wns stifled. The steamship Main is still
on "fire I believe she will be a total loss.
The Paale lies down in the water. The
wrecking boats started at work on her
right away and she probably will bo float
ing in several days. Her portholes were
shut and water was pumped out of her as
fast as possible. She has raised about
twelve fert. but she is so far under there
are no estimate? as to how badly she Is
damaged. All above is practically
wrecked." , , _
Yesterday the great scenes of the fire
were more on the big steamers that lay
burning on the river than at the dock?,
which were Ju=t a rile of smoking ruin?:
but to-day, when the bodies began to be
found In pairs, in groups of half a dozen,
and then by dozens, the scene that pre
sented was most gruesome. Hundreds of
thousands of people were banked up in
the streets all day long and watched lit
tle groups of men that brought in bodies
from the ends of the pier. Thousands of
email children were allowed In the crowds
to view the horrible spectacle, and women
with babies in their arms craned their
necks to get a glimpse of sights from
which many turned their faces. Through
the streets all day long the dead-wagon
rattled.
Sad Scene at the Morgue.
At the New York Morgue, where twelve
bodies are now lying, the most horrible
phases of the lire are shown. Each body
is In a nine box. As the people come Into
the building looking for dead friends and
relatives the men of the place, who have
become hardened to all human sympathy,
slide out body after body and push it back
unfeelingly as the person passes on de
pp.iirinely to the next. The scenes • at
these places are enough to turn the heart
of almost any man.
Second Officer Sanders of the Saale
said to-njght that several of the officers
of the steamships would issue a state
ment in several days, signed and sworn
to, that the captains of the tugs did not
do all in their power to help the ships
that were lyinir in their docks. Officer
Sanders *ald that his ship had been cut
loope from the pier and that he and an
other officer stood on the stern of the
Fhip with men ready to man lines to" the
tugboats. He said they shouted to the
tupboat captains, but that no response
was made, the tugs simply lying by un
til they could get near enough to the
great Kaiser Wiihelm der Grosse to ren
der enough assistance to claim salvage.
CAPTAIN MIROW, COMMANDER OF THE SAALE.
NEW YORK, July 2.— The Morgue authorities to-day identified one body
as that of Captain Mirow of the Saale. On the body were found the cap
tain's knife, watch and chain and a portion of his notebook. Captain Mirow
entered the service of the North German Lloyd many years agro and arose
by promotion to the rank of captain seven or eight years ago. His record
as an offltrer had been a very successful one and remarkably devoid of mis
baps.
NEW YORK. July 2— Sixty-seven
bodies <<f victim? of the Hoboken
lire hive brcn recovered. Each
hour that passes witnesses addi
tional recoveries of bodies scarred,
rr,n!:n*><! .in.l burno.l bryond all recognition
-or semblance of humanity. And half has
not yet Ijf^n told, a? all the bodies
bro'jprht to the surfaop to-day v.ere caught
on grappling honks. About the first of
next week pf-ople will realize the appalling
loss of lifo. as it \,-JIl then be time for the
bedifs that are now lying at the bottom
of the river to come to the surface of the
~waur of, their own accord. The list of
rolling is still placed at but a fe\* below
thr^e hundred. When the bodies begin
Jlcaiiiip to the surface the grewsomeness
of the situation wftl be reaiizod.
Tiie bodies recovered up to 11 o'clock
to-risht Include forty-one now in O'Don
nell'E undertaking rooms in Hoboken, ten
ir. HoStaan'* :n the same city; twelve in
the Morgue in New York and four deck
hand? of the Saale. which were reported
too late to-night to be brought to either
cltv. Of these thirty-si vru have been
either positively or partially identified,
most of them bein* victims from the
steamship Saaif. Twenty-one of these
identifications were made by Second Offi
cer Fand^rs of the Saale, who was helped
In the task by liremen. coal parsers and
ether employes of the vessel.
Those who will unduubtedly swell the
list are 24' odd men from the steamship?,
including ofiiceis, sub-officers, seamen,
oiiers. machinists, eoai passers and trim
mers, the greater loss, of course, being
amenp the men who were below decks
and couM not get to open air before the
flames choked them and heavy falling de
bris beat them down to their deaths.
Of these the greatest part ere foreign
ers, and the list of their names is being
checked off by the steamship company of
!;ocrs as soon* as any identification can be
mad?. Then, too, there are some sixty
live persons who were on canal boats.
Lighten rsnd about the docks In various
capacities.
Money for the Survivors.
The North German Lloyd Company is
r.ning all it can to get itself out of Ihe
tangle. Th*> company sent money do*rn
to the do<ks to-day and paid it out to the
survivors. More than 514,000 in cash was
Full Extent of tk Loss of
Life at the Steamer Docks
Will .Not Be Known Until
the River Gives Up Its
Dead.
Number of Persons
Who Perished in the
Hoboken Disaster Is
Placed at Three
Hundred.
BODIES OF SIXTY-SEVEN
FIRE VICTIMS RECOVERED
Bursting of the Big Reser
voir That Supplies
Grand Rapids.
Millions of Gallons of Water Rush
Through the Break, Sweeping *
Away the Dwellings in
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., July 2.— The
big reservoir of the city water works sys
tem, located in an elevated situation la
the hilly district in the northern part of
the: city,' burst at 5 a. m. to-day. Morj
than 100,000,000 gallons of water was Jet
loose and rushed down through the valley
adjacent, flooding an area peopled by
about 9000 persons. Many dwellings were
washed away, others were badly dam
aged and these within a district three
blocks square were either wholly or part
ly filled with sand. »
None of the buildings damaged were of
a costly character, as they were for the
most part homes of workingmen. Not a
house within the sweep of the flood es
caped damage. The tracks of the Detroit,
Grand Haven and Milwaukee Railroad,
a short distance norths of the reservoir,
were undermined and trains on that road
were obliged to make a detour via other
roads. '
The break was first seen by Burt Bots
ford, a boy delivering morning news
papers. It was then only a tiny stream,
but, realizing the danger, the boy aroused
hundreds from sle«p and urged them to
escape. The reservoir gave way at the
gate house near Livingston street, pour
ing down the hill a stream thirty-six feet
wide and ten feet deep. A number of
houses were swept from their founda
tions and carried away on the flood and
crushed. Some streets were torn up to
a depth of forty feet.
Mrs. Cooper of Clancy street was liter
ally swept out of her house by the flood.
She was carried to the bottom of the hill
and burled to her neck in sand. She was
rescued alive but probably will die.
No other casualties were reported.
Rough estimates place the damage at
J200.0V0.
The reservoir was on the top of a hill
of considerable height. Livingston street,
to the south, roaches almost to the gats
of the reservoir. East of Livingston
street the land descends by high terraces,
which are occupied in series by Coil ave
nue and Clancy and North Lafayette
streets. The reservoir broke on the Liv
ingston-street side, the flood dividing into
two streams, the main stream running
down Livingston street to Newberry.
thence straight across to the Detroit,
Grand Rapids and Milwaukee Railroad,
cutting Coil avenue and Clancy and North
Lafayette streets and continuing across
the railway tracks to the Junction of Ma
tilda and Prospect streets. The othf;r
stream went down Bradford street until
it united with the first at the railroad,
whence the water ran into Coldbrook
Creek.
One hundred houses in all were wrecked
or badly damaged. The break in the res
ervoir grew until it was thirty feet wide
and more than ten feet deep.
ONE HUNDRED
HOUSES RAZED
BY A TORRENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.
captured by Charley Hood at Casa Grande
on Saturday night, was brought here to
day from Tombstone and placed in the
County Jail. The officers were afraid that
friends would attempt to take him if he
were kept in the Tombstone Jail. He was
in consultation with the officers all after
noon, and It is believed that the capture
of Alvord and Bravo Juan is being planned
with the assistance of Stiles. Stiles when
seen this afternoon said:
"I have decided not to talk to report
ers."
Burt Grover. who brought Stiles from
Tombstone, would not talk about the ar
rest. District Attorney Land is here, and
he also refused to talk. They are no doubt
trying to use Stiles to capture Alvord and
Bravo Juan.
8
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclno Connty
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of waters)
having continuous Siw of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtub*. Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting: crystal spring-
accommodations and "table Srst class. Opecs
April 15th.
J. A. RKTVEMEYER & CO.. Proprietors.
CARLSBAD e n r c a s l .
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations nrst
clasa: *10 a week: lighted by gas.
W R. McOOVEP>N. Kelseyvllle. Laka Cb s
PLANTATION HOUSE— £™i%\ f o RO £
•taga line. Good trout fishing: plenty trait.
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRIN'GER. Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MK. KRITSE. 207 Front st.. for particulars.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine flshlnr. boating, bathing and
hunting: tn th- heart of the mountain*. •Th-
best table tn Lake Co. Address O. U'Ela-
MAX. Mtdlake P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, g~£
ONE OF NATTTRE*S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery- Write for pamphlet. TL
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln St*.. Pan Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRT. Proprietress.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These eelebrat-d
springs adjolr\ Bartlett Springs. Fishing; hunt-
Ing: home conking: good beds: fit SO to $10 we»ir-
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPI\'
Bartlett Sprlnr*. Cat. r *^*
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County t«
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing bo-wi-
Ing. tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD
Laurel Dell. Lake County, Cal.
KLAMATM MOT SPAfHCS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county in
California. Trout fishing— finest In th« Stats-
Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty cf rame la surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSOV BROS
Proprietors. Beswlck. Slsklyou County. Cai!
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
A. DOLLMANN. Xapa Soda Springs P. Q.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, flv*
miles from Santa Cn»: delightful summer
£!?,* 1 "JT 1 r i S <ls: . ninnin ' f wat «: abundant
>>. lka.ndelu Santa Crna. CaL
GLEX OAKS RANCH — Nice samroBdlnTr
i C^fr rUtl .M°° m8: S°°*
, location. Address F. QUIEX. Glea EU«i S3.
QI^ACn^ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
County; only 4H hour*
from San Francisco and but nine miles ot
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath in State: grand mountain
scenery, good trout streams at door; tel*Dhon?.
telegraph: daily mall and express: KiRT.
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SKRVICE-
morning and afternoon stage* ; round trip froni
Ean Francisco enly $5 SO. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $3 a day or
112 a week. References — Any xuest of the past
five years; patronage constantly increasing
J. F. MULOREW. Proprietor.
[•¦•HeDSBetB9B0B99eQ(30S9
... . ' e
No truer words were ever said. ¦
Anita Cream actually re- S
moves the outer cuticle and a
with it all discolorations and g
coaxes to the surface a fresh, •
new skin, as soft and trans- "
parent as an infant's. 3
ANITA CREAM
Is a positive CURE for tan,
freckles, liver . mole, moth
patches, etc, and has stood
the test for years.
j Further particulars, instruc-
I ttons and a sample sent to any
» address for 2c postage. "Full '
! size jar for 50c.
| : Anita Crsam &, Toilet Co., 207
i Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal.
'•¦•B* ¦OenCBOgBOI»fl»8wJPB
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-rouml climate In Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco; $3 a
¦week; open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Orchard Springs.
IN* THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
The Place for Rest and Health,
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters ar» noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Oout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
jrla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and flab.
Ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest %nd
lecreatlon. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets, S. E\, f a.
m. and 2:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at Ollroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON*. Proprietor.
PAR4IS0 HOT SPRINGS, CaI>u A b -^,.
Monterey County, CaL— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat»
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of Rawers: hot soda, sulphur and electrlo
baths: swimming tank 30xSQ feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and flshtng; chil-
dren's rlayarround. croquet, lawn^jjojvsis and
dance hall: larsre hotel and 30 cot>J^3V afford-
ing special accommodations for £> "?.f-n; all
illuminated by ga-». By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m.: First jtnd
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. n. da'<# for So'.e-
dad. then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles tn spring*. Round-trip tickets. $3. at 9.
P. offlce. en Mark»t street. Telephone and
p*i?tofflre. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther information acV.ress E. L. PERRAfLT,
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
CALIFQRHU ROffTHWESTERH BT CO.
.Lessee of San Francisco and North Paclfla
Railway Company-
The Picturesque Route ot California.
FOR THB
Ofl TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY,
July -3 and "*• .
Round-trip tickets will be sold from San Fraa-
ci*co to all points north cf San Ra-
fael at the rate of
ONE SINGLE FARE
As follows:
Petaluma $1 W» Geyservtlla 13 55
Santa Rosa 1 501 Cloverdale * 0*
Sabastopol 1 8')| Hopland S *>
GuernevlUe 2 50! Ukiah * 59
Windsor 1 9o Sonoma 1 0*
Healdsburg J 25 1 Glen Ellen 1 SO
Lytton 2 40i
Return Limit. THURSDAY. July 6th. 1900.
For further Information apply at ticket offlc-.
6T.0 MARKET ST.. Chronicle building, or TIB-
URON" FERRY, foot of Market st. General
office. Mutual Life building. 222 Sansome st.
R. X. RYAN'. Gen'l Pass. Agent.
H. C. WHITIXG, General Manager.
WHERE
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY IV* HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY 9S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
DUND SPRINGS
DANCING six nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowling- Cement SwimmlnB Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES or
Shady Walks. j<
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral antl >apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, llghtea
by Fleetrieity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery St..
or addraso CRAKi & WARNER. Highland
Bprlnps. Cal. '
'GRAND BALL to HOTEL GUESTS
MusfobyFuhr's Family Oroh»3tra.
RcJnd trip ticket*. $5 20; on sale July
2. S. 4; good to July 8.
Further particulars F. W. ELY.
City office, 6M Market. Tel. Red 2333.
Central California
San Jcse !s the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roaJs. Hotel thoroughly modern and nrst class
In *very respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery st.. S*n
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNTLU Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
YOU GET I
1 REST SPORT I
1 COMFORT
I At Hotel del Coronado
' THE COOLEST PLACE IN CALI- I
I FORNIA IN SUMMER.
, Last year the mercury reached
j SI desr°es but once, and only for c
i half an hour.
* Gpt Pteamer Rates and Infor-
I mat Ion at No. 4 New Montgomery ;
: et., Pan Francisco. ;
* E. S. BABCOCK, Manasrer.
| Corcnado Beach. Cal. >
g.jMUJ-MU.Hl'a 1»<W -I"IHLM1. i-^"-* J*WWP*A
Dr. C. C. O'DonneH's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and siomacn
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh tn the
world: 46 miles from B. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. nnd N. P. R. R. Klve special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fops nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral ¦water, boat* and bathing free,
inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlce 1021S
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health tb.ls Is the place to go-
F» _^«* The Sanitarium o
DVrOn the Coast. Th:b-<
¦ ¦ - physicians recom-
aeOl. iri^nd It as the onlv
m cureforrhsumatism
rni malarin. ¦
OLJI BIBl|C5f A( , (JreM A nirTTENs.
Mjrr. Byron Hot Fprine*. Cal.
Cltv o»(lf». Roeri *". ?¦* Owrv «tre«t.
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRTTZ StOCNTAINS.
Now open ar.d offering everv charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boatlnr. swlnmnlng.
fl«hlng tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley.
KOlf link*, good driving and saddle horsed, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco. W CO. Full information at Traveler offlce.
to. Montgomery st.. or a DICKINSON. Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal.
Big oak trees and hammocks: croquet
grounds; mountain traHs and pretty resting
places; good mineral water; pleasure.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
J MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O..
Lake Co. City offlce, 415 Pine st. Booklet.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS A^££3& t ;
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F., via Tiburon
ferry. R- R- station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swlmmtnsr tank: $10 50 and up per week;
round-trip « 10 on Sunday. COOPER A STEW-
ART. Acua Caliente. Cal. Long-distance phone.
INDEPENDENCE 1-MKE
In the heart of th» Sierras. Perfect climate.
Jin* fishing, excellent table, magnlflcent for-
est no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June I. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake. CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL SoS^&opSS
Unequaled eoda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL. Hopland.
Mendocino County. Cai.
I VfOl-lTH I L. Francisco, via the B!e
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese .Station
on line Sierra, rt. R. dally. Round trip from
Ban Francisco 132. For further Information call
or address TVM; 3. WHITE. General Agent
630 Market rt.. 8. F.; telephone Main 5181
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for lamllles and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates %^ up. ' SeaS for - circular. C. H. W.
IiRUKjN'G. Santa Rom. CaL.
ST. HELENA SAMTARiUfl.,^^ 1 !,
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Can-Use meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, CaL
SWORN STATEMENT
Of tho Condition and Value on June 30. 1900,
of the
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
OF THE
SAN FRANCISCO
. SAVINGS UNION
A CORPORATION
Doin^ Business at
532 CALIFORNIA STREET,
XE. Corner of Webb Street.
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
ASSETS.
1— PROMISSORY NOTES, eecured
by first Hen on real estate with- •
in this State, the actual value
of which notes is $13,891,051 12
2— BONDS of the United States Gov-
ernment end bonds and stocks
of municipal, quasi public and
industrial corporations, stand-
ing on our books at 11,363,478 91
the actual value being $400,000 In
excess thereof. /
Part of these are kept in the
vaults of this corporation and
part In a box rpnted from the
National Safe Deposit Co.. in
the city of New York.
3— BANK PREMISES 400,000 00
Situated at the northeast corner
of California and Webb streets,
in the city of San Francisco.
4— OTHER REAL ESTATE 1.450.31S 91
Situated in the State of Califor-
nia; part of it 13 productive.
and its actual value is in excess
of the amount stated.
6— LOANS ON BONDS AND
STOCKS 42S.4S1 00
All said bonds and stock certifi-
cates are ltert in the vaults of
this corporation.
6— SAFES AND FURNITURE in
the office of the Bank of the
value of ?. 5.000 00
7— CASH in U. S. Gold and Silver
Co!n 1.190.9S6 83
of which there Is:
In Vault J476.9S2 57
In Bank 714,004 26
Total Assets .t2S.731.341 77
LIABILITIES.
I— TO DEPOSITORS this corpora-
tion owes deposits amounting
to, and the actual value of which
is J26,9o2,S73 33
Th<> condition of said dei>os>lts is
that they are payable only out
of paid assets and are fully se-
curer! thereby. '
i-TO STOCKHOLDERS:
Capital Stock Jl.000,000 00
Reserve Fund 218,532 63
The actual value of which is..$ 1,213,502 83
The condition of said liability to
Stockholders Is, that no part of
the amount can be paid to them,
or in any way withdrawn ex-
cept In payment of losses, dur-
ing the existence of the corpora-
tion, nor until all depositors
ehall have be^n paid in full the
amount of their deposits and
declared dividends.
3— CONTINGENT FUND, including
the amount of accrued, but un-
cnllected interest on Invest-
ments $ 439.60S 07
4— GENERAL ACCOUNTS, balance. 120,268 C7
These accounts embrace
amounts held for purposes of
guarantee and sums. , the fln.il
application of which* has not
been determined, also balance
of taxes undlsbureed.
Total Liabilities $23.731.344 77
SAN FRANCISCO, July 2d. 1900.
(Signed) W. C. B. DE FREMERY.
Vice President.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. \ .
City and County of San Francisco. J "•
W. C. D. DE FREMERY and LOVELL
WHITE, being each separately, and duly sworn
each for himself, says: that said W. C. B DE
FREMERY is Vice President, and said LOV-
ELL WHITE Is Cashier of the San Francisco
Pavings Union, the corporation above men-
tioned, and that the foregoing statement is true.
(Signed) W. C. B. DE FREMERY.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to- before me, this ¦ 2d
day of July, A. D. 1900.
[SEAL.] JAMES M. ELLIS.
Notary Public, in and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
pljip^ WONDERFUL
RUF»TURE CURED.
In inventing- his world-renowned "Magnetic
Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce pave to the public
the most remarkable remedy ever discovered
for the successful treatment of Hernia, or
Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have been
permanently relieved and radically CURED by
this .great appliance, and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss is different from all others. It does the
You can get our "BOOKLET NO. 1" by call-
ing at the offlce, or it will be sent on receipt
of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
Address,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(J2O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta' s summit, clad In snow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and free
from winds and dust and fheat. SISSON TAV-
ERN, 3300 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation.. Near it the great forest3 of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around it a wide
expanse of meadows, above It the perfect
beauty of Shasta.'
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game cf the mountains. For the angler— the
Falmon and the trout In the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SON' 9 DOOR. The tavern Is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to the door. Where
Nature is her CTandest, come and learn how
grand her inspirations are. Rates, $10 to S13
per week, $2 50 per day. Guides and horses for
mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSON. Pro-
prietor, Slsson. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
SV4 Hours* Hide From Loa Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second- Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, au«plces the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marina Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments. -
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hctel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
tn Market st.. San Francisco. .
Or BANNING CO..
Kl South gprln- st.. Los Angelwi. CaL
FI 1W0NTF Hft T FI LOS oatos. cai.-
LLiiltiUE Ilt/iEL, Beautiful grounds,
magnificent view and .first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special ratea to
families. Kree bus meets every train; £5 miles
from San Francisco.- Fare SI 85.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
' Thoroughly' renovated.' Electric "lljrhts. - bil-
liards, lawn tennis." croquet.- Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J.: MARTINA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
01Eddie Greany Protests.
. In a communication: to Auditor Wells
Eddie Greany, who for years past has at
tended to the shoeing of the horses in
the various departments of the city, has
protested against the claims of John
O'Rourke, who was lately awarded the
contract. The Auditor has referred the
protest to his attorney. .
Assessor Dodge Restrained Again.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow Is
sued a rpstralnins order yesterday against
Assessor Doitgc prohibiting him trom pro
ceedlnff to collect tnxes on the shares of
capital stock of the four national banks In
this city. The law questions- at issue will
be heard during the October term of the
court.
The Fourth of July toy cannon pur
chased by William Macmillan, the 12-year
old son of Willis M. Macmillan of 123
Chattanooga street, worked like a charm
at its initiatory trial Jn a Mission sandlot
yesterday. Macmillan, with a young com
panion named John Curran, went into the
lot with the new gun and a flask of black
powder. After loading the cannon to the
muzzle Curran applied a match while
Macmillan held on to the barrel to steady
the cannon. The explosion carried away
a portion of Macmlllan's right thumb. This
put a Ptop to the artillery practice and
the young artJHerlft was taken to the
City and County Hospital for repairs. The
cannon ran be bought very cheap by.ap
plying at the Macmillan residence.
Young Artillerist Injured.
Shortage Due to Clerical Errors.
Ex-Tax Collector Sheehan has deposited
$315 91 with City Treasurer Brooks to
cover the shortage caused by clerical er
rors during his administration of that of
fice. This amount, however; only covers
the shortage mentioned in Sheehan's own
"report. The clerks in the Tax Collector's
office have discovered an additional short
age of J351 94 and have not yet completed
the examination.
Tax Collector Scott has filled the posi
tion made vacant by the death of J. H.
Hegler by promoting William H. Villette,
a clerk in the tax office. Louis Devoto
was 'appointed as successor to Villette.
Tax Collectors must in the future, ac
cording to the act of 1895. which goes into
effect to-day, deed to the State all prop
erties on which delinquent taxes remain
unpaid for five years.
EX-GOVERNOR BUDD AND
GAVIN M'NAB IN COURT
Partiality of the Latter to Proxies
Sarcastically Referred To by
the Former.
Ex-Governor Budd was the center of in
terest during the hearing of the. action
by which Insurance Commissioner Clunio
seeks to recover a license fee and to com.
pe! the Pacific Debenture Company to fur
nish a bond as Is required under the law
of all insurance companies. During. the
argument ex-Governor Budd made two
announcements worthy of mention. \ He
said that the Pacific Debenture Company
was one of four things. It was either an
insurance company, an investment com
pany,, a- lottery or a fraud. These con
clusions, he said, he had reached through
a summing up of the evidence introduced
in the case. Gavin' McNab. who repre
sented the company, objected to ex-Gov
ernor Budd'n remarks, and the latter drew
on a further objection t>y stating that as
Mr." McNab could not vote proxies he
would doubtless bo worsted In the argu
ment. Judge Miirasky adjourned. the case
for further argument. • . •
A SJorguay merchant. Mr. Peterson,
senior partner of the firm of Peterson &
Co.. is ln the city and has called upon sev
eral leading merchants, trying to per
suade them that the interests of San
Francisco would be largely promoted by
running steamers from this port direct to
Skaguay. The argument that he has em
ployed Is that Skaguay Is the gateway
to a country that make3 large demands
for, manufactured and food protVucts. can
ned goods and the like, and that there
are twenty steamers running from Puget
Sound to Skaguay direct, and none from
San Francisco.
Mr. Peterson also says that the mer
chants at Skaguay would prefer to trade
with San Francisco, for the reason that
there are larger stocks of goods in this
city to select from, and there are other
conveniences to be considered.- The sub
ject may be brought up before the San
Francisco Board of Trade and also be
fore the Chamber of Commerco for con
sicleratlon after the Fourth.
A. C. Rulofson of Baker & Hamilton,
who has talked with Mr. Peterson. sav3
that the outlook for San Francisco to get
a profitable business in Skasruay appears
to be very good, if the facilities can b*
provided. The business that Puget Sound
does with the country tributary to Skas
uay is large and profitable.
TO 'STRIVE FOR THE
TRADE OF SKAGUAY
NATIVE SONS APPORTION
GOLDEN WEST PARLORS
The visiting board of the Grand Parlor
of the Native Sons of the Golden West
met yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of apportioning the parlors of the State
to those who will make the official visits
during the current term:
To Grand Trustee George Radcllff of Watson
vllle were, assigned parlors in Tolo, Placer.
Yuba. Butte and San Joaquln counties; to Grand
Second Vice President Lewis F. Bylngton the
parlors in Alameda and Amador counties; to
Grand Trustee Judse »I. T. Dooling of Hol
llster parlors ln Plumas, Sierra, Placer. Ne
vada Lassen and Yuba- counties: to Grand
Trustee J. R. Knowlauds of Alameda parlors
In Sacramento. El Dorado. Placer and Nevada
counties: to Grand Orator Judge H. R.. Mc.V'o
ble of Stockton parlors In Contra Costa and
Solano counties: to Grand Trustee James L.
Gallagher of this city parlors in Santa Clara.
Santa Cruz and Marin counties: to Grand Firxt
Vice PresWenU Frank L. Coombs of Napa par
lors In Santa Barbara. Ventura. 1ms Ang*tes.
Oranue San Bernardino and San Diego coun
ties- to Grand Trustee Will D. Shea of this
citv' parlors in Shasta, Trinity. Siskiyou. Xapa
and Lake counties; to Grand Trustee Percy V.
Long of this city parlors ln Tuolumne. Marl
posa Merced. Tulare. Kings. Kresno and Kern
counties; to Grand Trustee Charles K. Mc-
Laughlin (chairman) of Qulncy parlnrs In
San Mateo, San Benlto. Monterey and San
Luis Obtspo counties: to Grand Treasurer
Henrv S. Martin of this city parlors In Sonoma.
Mendoclno, Humboldt and Del Norte counties.
The San Francisco parlors will be ap
portioned among the several members of
the visiting board In such a manner that
each parlor will be visited by two of these
officers.
The medal fund of the Native Sons was !
turned over to Grand Treasurer Martin (
for the purpose of applying It forTbe ob
ject for which It was collected. There>
are a number of volunteers who have not
yet applied for their medals.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge John F. Davis of Jackson is at the
Palace.
F. Nunez, a cattle man of Salt Lake, is
at the Rus?.
X>r. B. R. Ward of the United States
navy is at the Palace.
K. Bryan, a prominent merchant of New
York, is a guest at the Palace.
Professor and Airs. \V. II. Hudson of
Stanford are at the California.
C. D. Hazzard, a mining man of Black
Hills, S. D.. is at the Occidental.
V. A. Tapscott, a wealthy mining man
of Red Bluff, is at the Russ House.
F. B. Maldonado, a mining man of Ari
zona, is registered at the Occidental.
j. A. Chanslor, a well-known oil man
of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
R. C. McCreary, the well-known flour
merchant of Sacramento, is a guest at
the Grand.
E. Id. Li. Johnson and R. J. Sadler have
returned from a trip to Nome and are at
the Lick House. ; Y. ->^
Joseph R. "Walker, a prominent banker
of Sale Lake, accompanied by his family,
ig registered at the Occidental.
James H. Haclin, one of the former own
ers of the Coalinga oil wells, which were
sold for $2,000,000. Is a guest at tho Palace.
Mrs. H. A. Bostwick, one of the direct
ors of the City of Paris, is stopping at
the Grand en route to New York and
Paris.
Mrs. Emll Dinkelsplel and Miss Dinkel
ppicl, wife and daughter of a prominent
Bakersfield merchant, are at the Cali
fornia.
The Fourth of July committee of eight
een met at the California Hotel last night
and wound up their labors in behalf of
the Fourth of July celebration. Not much
business was done beyond adding $100
more to the fireworks fund. William H.
Hazell, chairman of the defunct regatta
committee, who had been selected to
choose a Goddess of Liberty, announced
that one of the fairest of her sex had
been unearthed at Weinstock & L,ubin's.
Helen Marie Pettit is her name, and Mr.
Hazell says she will ably fill the part and
the robes of Columbia.
The committee on decorations— Dr.
Gardner, P. Pond, Thomas W. Hickey and
Lsador I. Brown— reported that merchants
along the line of march had been visited
and all promised to be to the front with
elaborate displays of bunting.
The route of the parade, which will set
out at 10 a. m. sharp, is to be as follows:
From Battery street up Bunh to Mont
gomery. Montgomery to California, thence
to Kearny to Market and up Van Ness
avenue.
At Van Ness avenue and Post street
the parade will be reviewed by Major
General William R. Shafter ami Captain
Henry Glass, U. S. N. It will be made up
as follows:
First Division.
Police, ¦with Drum and Bugle corps, on Bat
tery- street, resting on Market.
Troop A. grand marshal and aides and Cas
afsa's Band on Market street, between Bat
tery and Front.
Colonel, staff, band and Batteries A, O and E
and I,lEht Battery C. Third Artillery. U. S. A.,
on Market street, rijrht resting on Front.
Ircquols Band and one company Unit*d States
marines on left of artillery
! Second Division.
Field, staff, band and First Regiment Inf an.
try. XatlonaT Guard California, on Main street,
rigM resting on Market.
Signal Corps on left of First Infantry.
Third Division.
Marshal. F. P. Bull.
Naval battalian on Beale street, right resting
on Market.
Carriages, Adjutant General Seamans and
Governor's staff.
Carriages, president, orator and roet of the
day. Fourth of July committee and French,
Guatemalan. Costa Rica. Honduras and Mexi
can Consuls on left of naval battalion.
Fourth Division.
R. B. Hale, marshal.
Field staff, band and league of the Cross
Cadets on Beale street, right resting- on Market
street.
Fifth Division.
Division marshal, Dijeau's band. Independent
Rifles.
Carriage!", Veterans of the Mexican War.
Carriage*, Board of Supervisors, Board of Ed
ucation and Board of Harbor Commissioners,
tast side of Fremont street, right resting on
Market street.
Sixth Division.
Frank W. Marston, division marshal.
Bennett's band. Native Sons of the Golden
West.
Committee of Ninth of September Celebra
tion on west side of Fremont street, right rest
ing on Market street.
Seventh Division.
Division marshal.
Tully's band, automobiles.
T. T.' Williams, T. H. B. Varney. Tillmann &
Bendel, J. M. wilkins, with Goddoss of Liber
ty, F. A. McLaughlln (automobile), First
street, right resting on Market street.
I In the afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. Metro
politan Temple is to be thrown open and
an interesting programme of literary ex.
erclses will be given. It is as follows:
Patriotic overtures Blum's Orchestra
Invocation Rav. Jacob Xieto
Salutatory remarks
Horace Wilson, President of the Day
Bonjr, "The Old Flag Forever" Leila France
Reading the Declaration of Independence..
> Maxwell McNutt
"Song, "The Star-Spangled Banner"
» Mrs. Grace Masteller
Oration Charles L. Swelgert
Humorous selections W_J. Hynes
Song "The Sword of Bunker Hill"
Professor A. Wilkle
Poem (orislnal) Professor E. Knowlton
Song, "America" .'
Knickerbocker Male Quartet.
Music .Blum's Orchestra
The officers and the literary committee
of the celebration are as follows:
Officers— Horace Wilson, chairman; H. J.
StafTord. vice chairman: U. II. Warfleld, grand
marshal; Thomas W. Hickey, secretary.
Literary committee — Henry C. Gesford (chair
' man). William T. Bagcett and Isidor I. Brown.
The Line of March Designated and
Increased Expenditure for Fire
works Authorized by Those
Who Are in Charge.
"Columbia" of Street Parade
Will Be Miss Helen
Marie Pettit.
FOURTH OF JULY
COMMITTEE HAS
ENDED LABORS
Captain Atwood Was Dangerously 111
and There Was No One Left
Aboard to Navigate
the Ship.
»
. The four-masted barkentine Kncore has
had an eventful voyage from the nitrate
ports. For thirty-two days the captain
has been sick with heart trouble and kid
ney disease, and the navigation of the
ship was left to the mate, who depended
on luck to reach port safely.
The British l>ark Brussels was spoken
in latitude 32 north, longitude 132 west,
and that vessel did everything possible
under the circumstances. The captain
went aboard the PIncore and not only gave
the mate his sailing course, but doctored
the master of the vessel to the best of
his ability. Captain Atwood was taken
sick a month after the hark left Junin,
and from that time on he has had a tight
with death. Karly yesterday morning the
Encore was at anchor off Point Montara,
and no one seemed to know just where she
was. The tug Reliance was sent out and
picked her up a short distance below the
Cliff House. The Encore left Junin sixty
live days ago, and the passage was an un
eventful one until Captain Atwood was
taken .sick. She brings 794S bags of nt
trate for this port.
Captain Atwood was formerly on the
Webfoot, and later was master of the
Puritan. Before that he was mate of the
ship St. Francis when she was burned to
the water's edge during her trip from
San Francisco to New "Vork.
Disasters in the Arctic.
Particulars of the wrecks in the Arctic
during the rush to Nome are just begin
ning to reach the city. Private lettera to
The Call give the following accounts of
the loss of the barks Alaska and Hunter
and the schooner Eclipse.
The whaling bark Alaska, after making an
exceedingly Rood run of forty-el^ht days from
San Francisco, dropped anchor off Anvil City
I at 10:20 a. m. on June 5, thus beating all the
large steamer?. On the morning of June 7,
about 2 o'clock, It besan to Mow a (tale from
the "southeast. It wns the first storm of the
season and was a. corker. Anchored about a
mile oft Fhore was the revenue cutter Bear,
steamer Cleveland, tug Mary D. Hume, bark
Alaska and schooner Louisa D. The Louisa D.
put cut to eea. as Boon a.i the gale came up
I and the steamers at once b«"Ban ptoamlnjr up
to their anchors. The Alaska held on, how-
I ever, and went ashore. Her anchors were in
the quicksands and hardly had th* first blast
struck her when she began to drift.
In a. few seconds the ensign union down
•was fiyinj? In the rigging and the Mary I>.
I Hume went to her assistance. In her efforts
to Fave the hark the tug was nearly lost. Cap
tain Cogan of the Alaska. peolnB that all hope
was srone. ordered the marts out away. This
waf quickly done, and when about 200 yards
from the beach the Kirk took ground In an al
most dismantled condition. There were still
fifteen passengers aboard and as the seas
made c!e:in br<"!irhf>K over her they were ln a
j moot uncomfortable position. Luckily the
• storm went d«wn ihe nest dny nnd all hands
I wore cm off, hut the birk is a total Iobs.
The purpor of the Nome City, writing
und^r date of June 17, says:
On the morninK of the ISth we were boarded
by the steam launrh from the bark Hunter.
Tlie crew rrriortM the Iors of the vessc-1 anil
advised us that thirty people, were Rphore, at
Cape Roumanzlno.fr. about 100 miles from St.
Lawrence Island, and asked us to render as
sistance. We sent out small boats ah.f on
arriving .it the cape found that not only were
the crew of the Hunter there but also the men
from in* schooner ESclipte. Both vessels had
been ni)ir*""1 in the ioe and drifted ash"ore at
Cprie HoumanzlnolT.
We took them all off and later, when we
spoke, the steamer Valencia, put eipht of them
aboard her. The people we have aboard the
I Ncrac City are. Captain Carl Kras 1 , Mate. Henry
Dyer. Second Mate Andrew Arnold. Steward
John Qronlof, Carpenter David. Johnston and
Bailors J. Olcpon, E. Ijardlnois and J. Hanson
of the schooner Eclipse.
Captain W. McKenzie, Pteward Joe Kat
Lashue (Japanero), t'ook K. Mnmotoe (Jap
anese>. Pailors Tom Storm, Geo. Johnson and
Geo. Metrue; Cabin Coy W. Wallace* anrl Pas
senger* K. T. Johnson, B. H. Davis, W; G
Wilson. Robert Murphy. W. C Seely. W. A.
Muibr and Jame3 Shannon of the Hunter.
Bold Highway Hobbery.
John Xellson, steward of the British ship
Manydown. lying at the seawall near the
foot of Ransome street, was held up by
three highwaymen early Friday morning
anrt robbed of his gold watch and $7 In
money.
Neilson was returning: to the ship at 2
a. m., after spending the night uptown
The three robbers, it is thought, followed
I the steward from a house where he had
spent most of the night. -They wore no
masks. One of them covered Neilsoii
with a pistol.
The robbery was reported at the Harbor
police station, but- none of the highway
men has been captured. The stolen time
piece is a valuable one.
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Abbie M. Deering arrived
from" the codfish banks • yesterday with
40 000 fish. She reports the Stanley with
35.000. the Blakeley with 20,000, tho Fre
mont with 27,000, the Lizzie Colby with
15 000 and the Uranus with 35,000 fish. The
ca'tch has. been a remarkably good one
this season.
The yacht Secret picked up the scow
schooner Nathalia last Sunday. The lat
ter was adrift, and stood a good chance
of eoingr on the Alameda mud flats. Cap
tain Iiee Gale of the Secret put a crew
aboard and sailed tho Nathalia into Oak
land Creek.
All of the Chief Wharfinger's men will
be at work on the Fourth. The festive
vouth and the explosive cracker are going
to keep all hands busy around the docks.
The ex-transport Victoria has been char
tered by Dunsmuir'8 Sons to carry coal
from Oyster Harbor.
The British ship Battle. Abbey has been
purchased by J. J. Moore & Co.. and will
go into the Australian trade.
The schooner Francis Adelohas be(?n
purchased by the Interisland Steamship
Company of Hawaii, and her home port
will Ui future be Honolulu.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The Barkentine Encore in
Trouble Oif Point
Montara.
Judges Morrow and De Haven concluded
yesterday the hearing of the contempt
proceedings against Federal Quarantine
Officer Dr. Kinyoun. The first witness
was Captain C. Minor Goodall of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Shortly after the order was issued cit
ing Dr. Kinyoun to show cause why he
should not be punished for contempt, tho
witness called upon Dr. Kinyoun, who
then made the statement that as the
steamers of the witness went three miles
from land when going to and from Eureka
and San Diego they would be required to
have health certificates in order to avoid
being quarantined on their arrival at the
ports of their destination. The witness
had always understood that Dr. KlnyoulT
had Jurisdiction over all the quarantine
oillcers in the State of California. The
steamship company's officers therefore re
quired a certificate trom every person go
ing to Kureka and San Diego.
"There was no discrimination with re
gard to persons?" asked Judge Morrow.
"No sir; none at all," replied Captain
Goodall.
"l'ou understood that . the trouble at
the other end of the voyage was on ac
count of the quarantine instituted at San
Francisco by Kinyoun?" asked Mr. Camp
bell.
On objection being made by Mr. Coombs,
Mr. Campbell explained that he wished
to show that Kinyoun had quarantined
San Francisco and not the State only,
and that he had refused certificates to
Chinese and Japanese.
Captain Goodall in reply said that on
Saturday and Sunday, June 1H and 17, his
company did not carry any Chinese or
Japanese, lie knew, however, that Dr.
Kinyoun had it-sued a certificate for
Japanese to go to Eureka, but he did not
know of his issuing or refusing to issue
any to Chinese.
Dr. Kinyoun was called to the stand
by Mr. Campbell. He denied that he had
ever refused to issue certificates to Chi
nese or Japanese, but at the same time
admitted that he had not given any cer
tiJicates to people of those nationalities.
He had refused to issue certificates to
eight Chinese who came to him with Mr.
Barnard, clerk for Heddy, Campbell &
Metson, and his refusal was based upon
the fact that the applicants had not com
piled with the requisition to show that
they were not suffering from the bubonic
plague or had not been exposed to it.
Jn reply to his questions on that subject
Mr. Barnard said that he did not think
that those Chinese could comply with the
requisition because they had been ln Chi
natown where the plague wa?.
"I am very glad," eaid Dr. Kinyoun to
the court, "that the representatives of
the Chinese Consul admitted to me in tb«
presence of witnesses that the plague did
exist in San Francirco. Captain Goodall
and myself talked about this contempt
case, and in conversation I repeated to
him that 1 did not demand certificates
from him for travel within the limits of
this State, and Captain Goodall remarked
that he understood that. As early as
June 5 Captain Goodall informed me that
he was having some trouble ¦with the
Japanese Consul about not carrying any
Japanese or Chinese on board the boats
of the company, but that he was not go
in? to carry any Japanese or Chinese on
his boats."
The witness raid further that, on June 7
a Japanese nurse accompanying >Irs.
Wall of Oakland was peremptorily refused
jjftssage to Eureka by tho Pacific Coast
Steamship Company notwithstanding that
Dr. Kinyoun had interceded for the
Japanese.
The witness stated further that he had
at that time indisputable evidence that
the bubonic plague existed in Chinatown
from .March 7 to June 5, and that the
"department" had corroborated the evi
dence that he had introduced.
Clerk Barnard was called as the next
witness and testified that when he called
upon Dr. Kinyoun v.ith ithe eight China
men tho doctor said that they could go
to any part of tho State they chose; that
he would not stop them; that it was not
necessary for them to have health certifi
cates, and that he would not grant them
certificates because they had been in the
lnfectPd district.
S. M. Shortrldpe and John E. Bennett
arpucd the case for the complainants and
United States District Attorney CoombS
for Dr. Kinyoun. after which Judjre Mor
row announced that a decision would be
rendered, probably this morning.
Federal Quarantine Officer Had Ef
fectually Nailed Up Those Ports
Against San Francisco
Mongolians.
Captain Goodall Tells of the
Eureka and San Diego
Embargo.
KINYDUN'S CASE
WAITS DECISION
OF THE JUDGES
THE ENCORE AT ANCHOR OFF POINT MONTARA.
Judgre Ogden was disqualified from trying the
cafe because he was a water-rate payer;
that for the same reason he had no jurisdic
tion to request another Judge to *it; and
that thi« act In lei^u'-sting the respondent to
sit as JutiKf or th- Superior Court of Ala
tneda County was without jurisdiction, and
that consent of tht? ra:'-ics could not glv? it
validity. As both side? assume that Judge
<'eden nas disqualified to try the case be
cajpe he was a ratepayer, we will assume
that proposition to be true for the purposes
of this ca<". although we are not to be un
dersto<*d a? definitely determining that ques
tion. Neither are we at all inclined to hold
that .Tudre c^d^^. even if disqualified to try
the case. couM not have legally called in the
respondent l0 hear and determine th» case
in question without any request or consent
of t!ie parties, for the constitution provides,
withr.vt any disqualification, that "a Judge
«'ourt in any county at the request of the
judge <.f the Superior Court thereof; but it
ir not necessary to consider that proposition
because bere the respondent was called to
try the cast- with the consent and. practi
cally, at the request of the petitioners. This
i« not a case to which the rule applies that
consent cannr-t cive jurisdiction. • • •
Had Full Jurisdiction.
In the ca^e at bar the Superior Judce of
Alameda County had full Jurisdiction of
the subject-matter of the action and of the
partifs, and the respondent was a duly
elected and acting Superior Judge, qualified
officially to preside in that court. There whs
n>> disqualification attaching to him per
sonally, and therefore the question whether
consent can confer jurisdiction upon a per
sonally rftpfjualified Judge doen not arise.
Therefore, the petitioners having requested
.Tudjre Ogden to select a Judge, and having
approved the selection which he made and
carrifd his request to the respondent, and
having rroo«>ed<Hi with the hearing of the
case before the respondent without objection
until important matters had been disposed
of, cannot now be heard to repudiate their
c\> n act. We have been referred to no ca*e
where it has been held that a party having
consented to the calling in of a qualified
Judce to preside over a court havinp com
l*?t*nt jurisdiction of the case can in the
midst of the hearing of thf action stop fur
ther p!">"»cee,iinrs upon any such suggestion
of the irregularity or invalidity of the man
ner in which he was called in as is made
Jn the cni?e at bar. • • •
Nothing in the Point.
The foreeohig: viewa make it unnecessary
to consider the question whether or not
JudRe Oreene. who was free from all color
of disqualification, did also request th»
respondent to act as .fudge of the Superior
Tourt of Alameda County in the case in
question. We pee nothing in the point at
temrted to be made that when Judge Og
d«n sent the dispatch tr> the respondent he
thought that the latter was the person who
Iiad formerly been Attorney General of th<»
State. He intended to request the person
Who was Superior .ludjre of the County of
Sacramento, and when the latter appeared
at Oakland to take hla seat as Jud(?e in the
Superior Court there the events which then
to'.k place constituted of themselves a re
quest that the respondent act a* Judge— ail
of which was with the additional knowledge
and cnhper.t of counrcl for petitioners.
Resi«ondent had no intimation that he was
objectionable to either party until June 12.
If petitimers. instead of consenting that
respondfnt be called in and really requested
It to.be done, had objected to him before
any proceedings were ha<l In the case, he
would have been free to refuse to act if he
had preferred to take that course, but In
the present condition of the case it would,
no doubt, be somi-what embarrassing for
him to retire without consent of both par
ties. The prayer of the petitioner is denied
and the proceeding is di?ml?fPd.
Change of Venue Suggested.
Chief Justice Beatty, In his concurring
opinion, said:
In this ca^e I consider that Judge Hart
was invited by consent of the rartle.«, and
that at all event? it was too late to object
to his acting In the cause after the parties
had voluntarily argued and submitted the
Judte has been Invited to try a cause by a
dis^jualitiPd Judge the remedy for a dlsBat
iFfied litltrant is to move for a change of
venue. If he waives that remedy, if h<" eon
sontK either exi>ressly or impiiedly to the
selection of the Judt;» fo invited, he cannot
claim that his trial of the cause is an ex-
coss of jurisdiction.
A rumor was in circulation yesterday
that Attorney R. T. Hayne had received
a letter from Judge Hart intimating that
in the event of his being sustained by the
Supreme Court he would withdraw from
the case. Mr. Hayne. however, said this
report was erroneous and that he had no
such letter. Me had no idea of Judge
Hart's intentions in the premises and
presumed that the case would oome up
before him in the ordinary way. on his
arrival from Sacramento.
HART'S ATTITUDE.
The Judge Not Prepared to Say That
He "Will "Withdraw.
SACRAMENTO, July 2.— Superior Jud^e
E. C. Hart was ?ccn by the correspondent
of The Call to-nigrht soon after the receipt
of a tfl^gram announcing that he had
been sustained in the Oakland. water suit
matter hv the Supreme Court.
"My friends up this way have all ad
•r-ised me to stay in the oat=e." said Judge
Hart: "but I am not prepared to say at
this time what I Phall do, and do not care
to discuss the subject until I have seen
the full decision. I do nrjt know what the
Supreme Court has decided. In any event
I shall not determine what my action
shall be until I have had time to con-
Fider the question thoroughly. As It is
now, I am very busy with work ln my
own court."
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THK Suyircme Court decided In an
opinion handed down yesterday that
S-jprricr Judpe E. C Hart of Sacra
mento <!=, under existing oireum
stances. qualiilr-vl io try the case of the
Centra Costa Water Company against the
city of Oakliud. Judge Hart was called
to the bench of the Alamcda court as the
several Superior Judges of that county,
with the exception of Judge Greene, were
disqualified on account of being rate pay
ers for water. Jud&e Greene's calendar
being crowded he couIJ not attend to the
matter. Without protect Judge Hart en
tered -jpea his duties on the Oakland
bench and a number of legal matters
were disposed of by him. Then Robert T.
Hayre, ppccial counsel for the city of
Oakland, raised an objection to Judge
ilart sitting ln the case. As the Sacra
inento Jutigre refused to retire from the
case Attorney Hayne applied to the Su
preme Court for a writ of prohibition to
prevent Judge Hart from trying the case.
The Supreme Court, in denying the peti
tion, Eays that if there had been any
objection to Judge Hart sitting in the
case it should have bten made before he
tv.-is seated or at least before he had in
any way officiated judicially. Having al
lowed the opportunity to pass for so many
days it was too late to make objection at
all". The opinion was by the court and
Chief Justice Beatty wrote a concurring
opinion, ia which he expresses views dif
fering in small parricu'.ars from the one
by the court. In denying the petition the
court says in substance:
Statement of the Case.
Th:»> :f an original petition in this court
for a writ of prohibition, prohibiting an d
restraining the res;>onilent from any fur
. ther action as Judje in a certain action
j ending in the t^urierior Court of Alameda
County in which the Contra Costa Water
Ca«BI>axqr 1? plaintiff and these petitioners
are ci-le'ijdantE. The facts necessary to be
Vatei are these: The s»!d action of the
c v,«ira »"o*ta. Water Company asainst these
petiti'ncr* (.the city of Oakland et al.) was
brought to restrain the defendants therein
from enfor.-ins a certain ordinance fixing
the rat»» to be charged for ivater fur
r.ii=hed by V.i" paid Contra Coeta Water
Company to the ctty of Oakland. It was
s rougtat In the Superior Court of th« county
; of A!ameda and assisned to Department
Three of that court, of which the Hon. K.
H Opden Is Presiding Judse. When the
nextfletKT r 'f this action »af first called to
the attention of Judge Ogden in Arril,
IXt he F\it6''fi"i to the counsel for the re
spective parties that he considered him
«-»;f dis*iua'.ifie.1 to try the case because he
v«p a ratepayer for water furnished by
Bald wa;p;- <or-ipary. and Fucgested that
c.-mnffl agrp* 1 ui«>n some other judge to try
the case. }le sufKfMed al?o that two of
the f,t her Jwigft r,t Alameda County were
«; s o fiteqoalifled for the umc reason: that
Judge Greor.e of county was not <l!s
quallhr-d. bat he was u>o busy and crowded
with other rases to try Paid case, but that
if counsel con!=ented the cai-e mieht be
trsnfi erred to -Tu<ise lireene and lie could
peler-i a,nothrr Judge. To this the attorney
'for the <4ef<r.ilant^ <r>etitioner? here) stated
:hat he did not d»riie the matter to take
that course, but did desire that Judge Oe
<.>n hirr;~»>lf nhouM select the Judge, and
that he <the attornev> did not desire to take
tl ¦«• responsibility of i»trr«-einE upon another
Judge. ».ut would consent to whatever Judge
might 1# riRTneo by Jurtpp Ojrden. The mat
t-r wai mf-ntior.ed .--everi.1 times with the
tame result an-1 en May 7. l«n. Judg-e Ok
dr;:. with tti«- knowledge ani consent of the
t'tnrrey for the riatntiT, -wrote the ffiHow-
I telegram to h*. test to the respondent
herein:
Telegram to Judg« Hart.
¦ May 7. ISOO. To Ju'ire E. <:. Hart. Sac
fa&MOto. CmL: All oocaaej in tese of Contra
'¦Fta C W. Company vs. City of O., as
«?-;¦ at- Jurires of this county, unite In re-
QBeat that you' stt in FaM cauec Judge
i t-r* disqualified. If you accept, can you be
\- .'¦ V.« nnes-lay morning to h«*ar demurrer?
"F. 3. OGDEN."
li \e\' ¥.rttvr> was FT.t to the othf-r three
- <>: the Sui«er:or Court of Alarneda
• •• *ikI naji ficnf-i by Ju'Ure Grt-«n<? and
.'^ ¦.;<• EUrmvrttt. ttif «.th»r Ju<i<re not »*iny
; It »»s n-turned to Judge Ogien and
; . • :. : nark v«y mad? acrof? the names
:'::• r two JudpoF, Judge O£<ien thlnk
-,'iK t:..-!-. ih.e <1i!«r«steii omrht to b« sent in his
narr.» alooe. ThiF flffrsni via; delivered to
ih< «U.«*raejr of the defendant and one of
i!;o attorney! of i'!aintiff in said case and
y th«*ni tak»»n to the teksrapb office
t:A ! "-waraed to the respondent at Sacra
ment >~.
s->->-tfon r>T the rri»i>or.dent Judce
Hart m «"-n«Tii*<l to by the attorney of
the ¦'.<¦ 'rrlnrHf; th'.j fact aiipear* not only
tsp^n tl» fac p- of tho telf-gram itself, which
v a* ¦• vr.-d '.o the attorney for the de
feodanti ant] by him and the other attorney
ft-mx:- 1. t>ut a'.t-o by the testimony In ,the
ojifw w: |. h was submitted by consent on the
\.-:-.:..t • thli a:!ira:lon. It wa« thought
-¦ • s Ijdep from Sarramento. be
caiif-. a.- Rtetmmeuio had It* own water
v. ..-r. . :.-.~i«- v.oro no <ju»Btlon* in that
hoHt fixir.p rate*. The respondent
I r,:» 'y telfgnpbed to Judge *)g
d?n lo would accept !h<* appointment
and B-oold be in Oakland on the no:t
\* rfww!i) rrornir.R. and wa* There at that
t:m». lu-ije O«den aopf-mpa nied the re-
VponcKBt i ¦ the t—nch of lt.» court »n<i in
trr*iu<-#>T him to the attorney* a* Jurt^e E.
C Hfci't. rho iiai i»*»>n M-lf-rtM to try th<"
caf<e. No < ¦- j;r,n whatever was rcade by
the attorney for th» defendants tbere'n to
J-.irige Ilart 5-.-ir.t 'n the case, and Judge
<"-g<>n cawed Um ri,* T ic O f the court to en
fr tho follonirg ord*r:
••Tne fionrerm p.ni the motion herein
<-->min* on re*j;ar:y this day for hearing.
¦r h»r*-upon Urn. !:. r. Hart. Judse of the
Superior Cfeort ol Pa-ramrnio, was re
<juest<=d by rnur.^l f, r th e rlaintifr and
crfendxr.t herein to »« ln thP above fn _
t:Ue<l «~si-f*. thrfe of the Ju^e*-j= being dis- i
»jua. f-.ra. and Juds* Hart having consented I
UMTCta. it Ts ordered that the rr.auer* htre-
Attorney Kayne Objected. '
A demurrer to the co^pla.m havinp been .
irterjosrd. It »jt.« arfueri before Juto liart 1
* ho look the Fame, under ft4vJa«Beat and
afterward m*^ an order orwuUnr the
f ? n '. "* Si vine the defendants certain
tirr.e ;o answer. Other matter* were «.¦>,
fitted and oom.Idere.3 without any obJecUcn
t.. tl.« r«Tj«nde n t a,-tfns bcfore'rcMtiorial '
counsel wui retained by the defendant!
therein: afterward additional roans*! was
employed by defendants nnd •¦ther»a't"r all
of mid attorney* ajid counsel for the defend
ar.t* in Fald cape took part in se\eral inter- <
loctuoty application* in the sane rw-fr, r o tne
loa. E. C Hart without any objection"
•Thereafter a motirn iras made |,y defend- :
ants to comx*! the plaintiff to submit eer
t*in book* to in»pe.-tlon. and this mr'ion
*-a* Fub-nHted to Judc«- Hart, who after- *
»aM deMed the fame, but on appllojuirm
i . aerendacta added to the order that it ,
T.-aii made without r^Ju-llce to a renewal
«. t!-e motion. This occurr«»d about U-e Uth '
Ilart «Jttte» in the case; but on Jan* 12
:r the first time counsel for defend- '
¦at* inlaid rause objected to the furth»r
acton of respondent as Judge In the cause ,
and to h ls hearte* or determination any J
matter or nrocw-dins therein; and after tes- '
Position of Petitioners.
'The yvl-A-m of the ryUtionera here Is that '
Holds That Time for Objection Was Passed
When the Sacramento Jurist Was Invited
to Sit in the Case.
Supreme Court Denies Petition of
Robert Y. Hayne, Oakland's
Special Counsel.
JUDGE HART WILL
TRY WATER CASE
(Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.)
EARLY ENGLISH DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS
DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS OF* M/VIBRIOA.
III.
We are accustomed' to think lightly of
the "discovery" of America, as If as Co
lumbus sighted land, behold, a new con
tinent was made known. A continent,
however, is not revealed in a moment; Its
shores must be coasted before the true
nature of what has been found can be
learned. As a matter of fact, it was an
island off the coast of America that Co
lumbus first saw, and he died believing:
not that he had discovered a new conti
nent, but that he had revealed to Europe
some islands lying close to the shores of
Asia. His aim was to get a short and
easy water route to the markets of Asia.
Had he known that land, stretching thou
sands of miles north and south, blocked
his path we may well believe America
would have been a source of sorrow
rather than joy to the brave explorer. .
The real beginnings of the discovery of
America were made only when the huge
extent of this coast line began to be un
derstood. Many actors and many expe
ditions shared in the work. It was done
chiefly by Spaniards and Portuguese,
often under Italian leaders like Amerigo
Vespucci .and Columbus himself. The
French and the English had very little
part in it. As early as in 1494 the Pope
divided the new regions between Spain
and Portugal, and excluded all other na
tions. The King of England. Henry VII.
was a good Catholic and obeyed the papal
authority. lie ruled over but a small ter
ritory compared with the vast British
empire of to-day— over England. Wales
and Ireland, with Calais on the Continent
representing "Greater Britain": hia sub
jects numbered in all probability consid
erably less than 3,00n.000, and his own
throne was continually menaced by par
tisans of the rival house of York. There
were. In fact, many reasons why Henry
VII should simply mind his own business
and leave the new regions to the care
of those who had found them.
We have it on the highest authority
that the love of money Is the root of all
evil. No doubt it is. but the desire for
gain is also the root of the commercial
enterprise that has ministered so much to
human progress. The English were al
ready keen traders, and not likely to sit
idly by while others gained an advantage.
Columbus, it was believed, had found
another trade route to Asia, and
if the. English did not bestir
themselves they would have little
share In the profitable commerce
with the East. John Cabot, a citizen of
Venice, who had traveled in the East and
who for some reason had made his home
in England, succeeded in arousing even
King Henry himself to an Interest in the
matter, and finally, in 1497. was able with
royal approval to sail forth from Bristol
In command of a small ship, and probably
of only one, to find a new route to China.
Spanish agents in England were watch
ing events, and it wa,s necessary that
.Cabot should seek a route not already
forestalled by Spain or Portugal— so he
sailed out past Ireland Into the west, ex
pecting to reach China In due course.
We know well enough what Cabot would
encounter and what disappointment was
in store, for thousands of miles not only
of Fea but land lay there to block the
route to Asia. The mysterious unknown
has, however, its own fascination, and
we need not pity the men under the spell
of this potent charm. It would be a
strange spectacle in these days to see an
English crew under an Italian captain.
The Italians were, however, the best ma
riners of that age. Cabot reached land;
whether it was Newfoundland or Cape
Breton or Labrador that he first saw we
do not know, nor need we take special
pains to Inquire. He raised the flag of
England and claimed the country for
Henry VII. Along the coast for many
days he sailed, saw when he landed from
time, to time snares for game, trees felled
and other traces of human habitation, but
met not a human being, nor apparently
did he wish to. His force was small and
the temper of the natives would be un
certain. Soon he turned homeward, had
a quick voyage and was back in England
three months after leaving it.
Cabot's return, with the report of the
new territory he had reached, created the
same kind of interest in England that
Stanley's journey through darkest Africa
aroused ten years ago. Every one talked
about it; the King gave Cabot a pension'
of £10 and ultimately a pension of
£20, which was not illiberal, for it was
quite equal to $1000 a year In our own
dav. Cabot himself assumed the swagger
of a naval hero. They called him the ad
miral, and he made lavish gifts of ter
ritories in the newly discovered regions.
His barber was promised the lordship of
an island and some of his priestly friends
bishoprics.
All this bright promise came to little.
Cabot ' made a new voyage In 140S. So
little authentic knowledge have we that
it is not certain whether his son Sebas
tian went with his father on either the
first or second voyage. Again Cabot
reached land and apparently sailed far
south of any point- he had visited pre
viously, but he soon found his way back
to England, and was still drawing his
pension in 1109. When he died we do not
know. Sebastkin, his son, lived for more
than half a cviitury after, and is accused
of telling fanmstic tales to later genera
tions about hiq own exploits in those voy.
ages westward and of stealing his
father's laurels. The Cabots did little to
ward the discovery of America; they
made no settlements, opened up no trade.
Their work, however, is« Interesting as
the pioneer effort upon which was based
the subsequent English claim to North
America, which .lime has so fully justi
fied to the Anglo-Saxon race.
Spain was quick to protest against Ca
bot and all his works. Henry VII was
soon busy with plans to marry his son
to Catherine of Aragon. the daughter of
the Spanish sovereigns. Ferdinand and
Isabella., and had no desire to quarrel.
Then Henry VIII came to the throne and
quickly stirred Europe to its depths by
his assault upon the church's power. Oc
casionally adventurous Englishmen tried
to find a passage to Asia by passing
through North America, but without suc
ce*"< It began to be whispered that Asia
might be easier reached by sailing, not
to the west, but along the north coast
of Europe, eastward. Englishmen tried
It in 1525 and failed. More than a quar
ter of a century later, in 1553. they tried
it again, opened up trade with Russia,
wrought in* reality better than they had
planned, but found no sea route to Asia.
In America meanwhile the English did
nothing, and nearly three-quarters of a
century after Cabot's voyages English
men had no footing in the New World.
Henry \ III begarr the quarrel with the
Roman church. His daughter Elizabeth
continued the strife to the death. Within
five years after Elizabeth tame to th»
throne, in 15."^. it was inevitable that
Protestant England and Roman Catholic
Spain were to be the respective champions
of two bitterly hostile parties, anil many
were eager to appeal as soon as possible
to the sword in settlement of the struggle.
Hawkins and Drake assailed Spain In
I America, and the story of their exploit. 5 ?
reads like a fairy tale. The scene was in
the south— we shall come to It presently;
but meanwhile we look at what England
still tried to do in the north.
When the early explorers, to their
amazement. found that solid land
stretched northward and southward in
definitely and that the route to Asia was
blocked the idea grew that as the Ian!
seemed never to end a channel which
might reach from ocean to ocean must be
sought. Magellan found in the south such
a tortuous channel, now known as the
straits of Magellan, and sailed through
into the Pacific Ocean. He believed that
south of this channel the land stretched
away* indcflnitely-a belief that Drake waa
to disprove later by discovering Cape
Horn, with the Illimitable sea to the east.
west and south. Magellan's stormy straits
were soon disused as too full of peril.
Some still dreamed of a better passage a:
the far north. Jacques Cartier in 1535
sailed up the St. Lawrence, hoping that he
might in some way get through to China.
He failed, of course, and gave up; then
forty years later the English again took
up the task that Cabot had failed to ac
complish. It is a story of heroic effort
continued for well nigh 300 years, to be
successful only in our own age.
Martin Frobisher made the new start.
Beginning about 1360. he urged the search
for a northwest passage, and after long
years the attempt- was made. Frobisher
led. in 1376, the first of three successive
voyages to the north. Drake at the same
time was struggling in the south to follow
Magellan into the Pacific, and did it. Fro
bisher was a skillful seaman, a firm ruler.
"verie valiant, but withal harsh and vio
lent." Like other English seadogs of the
time, he was deeply religious, and pious
phrases then found a use which we should
deem irreverent. "Before the world was
God" was the challenge he once gave his
sentries, and the answer was to he. "After
God came Christ, his sonne." Queen Eliz
abeth took a deep interest in his plans. A
joint stock company was formed, with the
Earl of Warwick aa chief mover, and
among .the heavy shareholders were the
Queen and the leading courtiers of the
day. In the far north Frobisher found a
narrow passage which looked like a chan
nel similar to Magellan's, but proved to
be only a long, deep bay, now i.amed after
its English discoverer. He found, what
excited him even more, on one of the bar
ren islands a black stone that seemed
heavily charged with gold. Back to Eng
land he hurried. It was gold, some who
ought to know said, and next year Fro
hlsher went again to the north with a
larger company, determined to abandon
the search for a route to Asia and con
tent to carry back to England all the
precious ore he could find.
The natives, whom we know as the Es
kimos, proved troublesome. Some men
were killed on both sides. The English
found the country, as they said, more
ready to eat them than to give them to
eat. They saw and described icebergs
with torrents of -water pourtng down their
sides, dogs drawing sleds— a sight to them
apparently strange— and many other note
worthy things. Above all. they found more
precious ore. loading their ships with hun
dreds of tons of it and went back to Eng
land rejoicing. A third time. In 1573. Fro
bisher returned, with no less than fifteen
ships, gathered still more ore and went
home, to find In the end that It contained
.little or no gold, to be himself plunged fnr
a time Into deep poverty and to have some
trouble in forcing shareholders who had
subscribed funds to pay up. The search
for the northwest passage thus end-d for
the time in a scramble for gold. Our own
age has seen Incredible quantities of gold
found in America In the same latitude, but
the valley of the Yukon, which empties its
waters into the Pacific, was to prove tho
real El Dorado.
Frobisher had sailed through what we
know as Hudson Straits, and he added
something to the knowledge of the north
ern coasts of America. lie lived to servo
his country In other ways — to fight with
Drake against the great Spanish Armada.
John Davys In 15S5, 15S5 and 1387. with
slight means but in a heroic spirit, voy
aged Into the same northern seas, but
failed In his main object. Hla name, how
ever, is not yet forgotten in connection
with the far north.
The English had meanwhile secured th«
one piece of territory which they acquired
permanently In America In the sixteenth
century. Newfoundland had Ions been a
rendezvous for fishermen from all the
coasts of Europe, but as yet it belonged
definitely to no European power, though
more than ore claimed It. Sir Humphrey
Gilbert, one of the noblest spirits of th«
century, high in favor at court, led In 13v5
an expedition to Newfoundland. The fear
of Spain or of Portugal was no longer be
fore the minds of the Knglish. Drake had
dared to raise the English flair even In th«
Pacific. England was powerful upon th«*
sea— much stronger than Spain— though
the world still thought otherwise. In New
foundland, with much ceremony. Gilbert
proclaimed Elizabeth sovereign of th«
country and declared that he -would shear
off the ears and do other terrible things
to any one who dared speak disrespect
fully of her. He perished on his way
homeward and died as a brave Christian
should. Calais had been lost In th« - reijrn
of Mary, and Newfoundland was the flrjt
and only region outside the mother Isles
over which the English flag waved In any
thing- like security while Elizabeth
reigned. Nor was the tenure of New
foundland safe. The French for more
than a century disputed, not without suc
cess, the English ownership. It was In th»
north of America that the English were
to do their mightiest work of colonization.
Such a future would have seemed Incredi
ble enough when Elizabeth died, In 1603.
New England was not yet. From the Arc
tic Ocean to Mexico reigned a cheerless
and cruel barbarism practically untouched
by Europe, though these coasts had been
known for a hundred years. The Spaniards
had. however, done something consider
ably farther south. What the English did
against them we shall see In the next
paper.
~V GEORGE M. WRONG.
University of Toronto.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.
9
GEAPE-NUTS.
I Want to j
I feel good |
I in Hot Weather I
g fiat... • »
| Grape=Nuts |
g.thepc's a pcaso ¦ §
«CK8S33C3S^.ao:0^^Nezu York Stock Market.
may not be for several days. But the bidding
up of prices to-day represented the effort of
professionals to anticipate the coming pressure
for reinvestment. In fact, the whole movement
was largely in professional hands, the advance
being accomplished on a small volume of busi
ness and with the obvious Intention of Improv
ing the- level of prices rather than of securing
stocks as cheaply as pc««lble. The steel stocks
were strong In the early dealings in spite of the
news of the continued decline in prices of
product and the widespread closing down of
mills pending the adjustment of wage sched
ules. There was also a reaction la the price
of pig lead. The metal stocks generally did
not hold their best prices. The same was true
of coalers. Sugar was comparatively quiet
and was Inclined to react from the high price.
1 The foreign depression was attributed to the
' sjrlnus aspect of the Chinese question and in
Berlin to the effect of the fire in Hoboken on
Saturday, but the reflected Influence In this
market was overcome within five minutes.
A large list of bonds collected ex-Interest
this morning and many of them made good
progress toward recovering the amount of In
terest. Total sales, par value. $1,035,000.
United States refunding coupon twos when
issued advanced 4 and United States registered
twos 4. The new 4a declined 14 in the bid,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closins
Sold. Stock— Bid.
3.2M) Atchison 23%
25,675 Atchlsun Drefd "'
10,l<T5 Baltimore & Ohio 72%
'.¦'. ] j Canadian Pacihc &s~*
Canada Southern 4SV4
W3 Chesapeake & Ohio 25"-i
<X«) Chicago Great Western 10> 4
IS. 17.% Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 123
"00 Chicago, Ind & Louisville IS ',4
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 4S
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
?C0 Chicago. Northwestern 1584
5.S73 Chicago, Rook Island &. PaclHc 10o*i
350 C V. C & St Louis D7
Colorado Southern 6
100 Colorado Southrrn 1st prefd 41'4
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
1.72j IMaware & Hudson 112%
Delaware, Lack & Western 17614
6<pO Denver & Illo Grande 17
700 IVnver & Rio Grande prefd C6 T 4
Erie H
Erie 1st prefd 33
1.5&4 Great Northern prefd 151
100 Hocking Coal '..13
£40 Hocking Valley fc'i
1.7S5 Illinois Central 112%
100 Iowa Central 17H
Iowa Central prefd 44
lOo Kans City. Pittsburg & Gulf 14
100 Lake Erie & Western 264
Lake Erie & Western prefd SO
Lake Shore 20S4
4.200 Louisville & Nashville 74%
3.7C0 Manhattan Elevated £7%
J-SO Mttropolitar. Street Railway 147
100 Mexican Central 12H
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 4S
Minneapolis 4: St Louis prefd S8
7.r.43 Missouri Pacific 49%
300 Mobile & Ohio... 3j
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 9%
C50 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 30'«
3.120 New Jersey Central 127
1.714 New York Central K^i
S60 Norfolk & Western 32S
Norfolk & Western prefd..: 74
C2,7f-5 Northern Pacific 52
2.110 Northern Pacific prefd 71
620 Ontario & Western l&H
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Hallway & Nav prefd 76
7,~ J 5 Pennsylvania 127%
1,600 Reading 17
22.430 Reading 1st prefd 5>H
1,400 Reading 2d prefd 2S%
Rio Grande Western S?'-4
Kio Grande Western prefd 67
St Louis & San Francisco 9H
St Louts & San Fran 1st prefd 6i«»
22a Hi Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32%
100 St Louis, Southwestern 9%
100 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 24V*
1S.1S0 St Paul lint
150 St Paul prefd 171
Pt Paul & Omaha 110
550 Southern Pacific 324
300 Southern Railway ... 11
U50 Southern Railway prefd £1
100 Texas & Pacific 14^
12.65'i Union Pacific 50T*
13,414 Union Pacific prefd 724
Wabash 74
inr> Wabash prefd 1St»
200 Wheeling & L E 8'i
200 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd tS%
Wisconsin Central i. 13
K7 Third Avenue 1 108
Express Companies—
Adams 115
American 150
United States 4}
200 Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous
ly) American Cotton Oil 32H
American Cotton Oil pfd SS
American Malting 3
American Malting pfd 1$4
•'•0 American Smelting <t Refng K%
325 American Smelting & Ilefng pfd... H
American Spirits 14
American Spirits pfd 17
4?0 American Steel Hoop 13
110 American Steel Hoop pfd 67
6.0V) American Steel & Wire 31*4
l,::o American Steel & Wire pfd 714
210 American Tin Plate 19
130 American Tin Plate pfd 73%
ZiM"i American Tobacco 915i
American Tobacco pfd 12S
320 Anaconda Mining Co 334
1S.2M) Brooklyn Rapid Transit 554
250 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33
225 Continental Tobacco 23%
5M) Continental Tobacco pfd 77
5.M') Federal Steel 23?^
2.370 Federal Steel pfd 65
General Electric 127
Glucose Sugar 47
100 Gluccse Sugar pfd S>6
400 International Paper ; 22*4
ir-0 International Paper pfd 65
Laclede Gaf 70
420 National Biscuit 2i*;
National Biscuit pfd SO
200 National Lead 20
' National Lead pfd 98
1.110 National Steel 234
4il National Steel pfd S34
53i New York Air Brake 140
400 North American UVt
Pacific Coast 6*4
Pacific Coast 1st pfd So
J12 Pacific Coast 2d pfd C2V-
Pacific Mall 264
5.235 People's Qaa ?7»i
2v0 Pressed Steel Car 45\i
]2."i Pressed Steel Car pfd ',%
IV) Pullman Palace Car 179
Standard Rope & Twine 4 a i
10.449 Sugar 1144
Sugar pfU • 1134
5.S00 Tenn. Coal it Iron C3
fc40 United States Leather 9
2C0 United Suites Leather pfd G6',i
700 United States Rubber 244
United States Rubber pfd 92^
115 Western Union 79
J20 Rrpubllc I & S Co 104
100 Republic I & S Co pfd 634
1* C.C & St L. 5S
297.000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s when | L & N U 4s ex Int fS%
Issued reg 103 ill K & T 2ds ... 67^,
Do coupon ex intlCJ M K & T 4s 83%
V S 2s rez 100 :N Y C Ists ex Int lOS'.i
I* S 2s reg <-x Int 10S'4 N J C een 5s ...120
D f? 2s COO90S 103 <Nor Pac 3s c*»
I" S new 4s ree..l3Sr» .Nor Pac 4s ex int 104H
U S new 4s coun.l34 v t .'N Y C & Et L 4s ll«
U S old 4s rei....U4 N & W ron 4s.. &6^
U is old 4.« co-j ex Ore Nav Ists ....105
Int '14 Ore Nav 4s 101*i
U S Zf reg 113 |Ore S Line 6s....l27>*
V S ~>s coupon. ...113 O S L con 5s ex ln.111
Dis of Col 3.Cs ..123 R Gen 4s ex Int.. 87li
Atchison. E«n 4s ."-101V4 Rio G AV Ists ft>&
Atchlson, adjt 4s. iS't L & I M con 58.110'
Canada Sou 2ds..lO7 is L & S F G 6s. .123
C & O 4>is 03V ?t Paul consols ...170
C fc O Is 116>i St P C & P 1st* 119%
O & N con 7s 13V,i S P C & P Ssexln.HS
C * X fi F Deb 5sl20 Sou Pac 4s 77
Chi Ter 4s ex int MV t Sou Rail 5s ex int 107%
Col Southern 4s .. M*4 S R T 6s 70
D & R G UU ...1C2 Tex & Pac Ists ..111%
D & R G 4s ex int 97 Tex & Pac 2ds 5.".
E T V & G 1m*. 103U U P 4s ex Irit .'.10»4
E G 4s ex Int.... 09 Wabash lets Ji;'
F W & T> C Ists.. "Ui Wabash 2nd« 101 >4
Gen Elec as HJ'a W Shore 4s ex int 111
Iowa Cen Ists ..112 Wls C Ists ex Int SS
K. C P &. G Ists .. 61 Vlr.Cca .... 91
EASTERN MARKETS.
Ju^^.f! 0 :.?" ... 79H 79S ' 77 77
August S0»i SOH 77>i 77%
September SOM, S1V4 SOH SOH
j$FJ.t?Z. i«4 42% <1U 41%
August 42H 42% *l% 42«i
September 42% 43U 42Vi 42*
j Oats No. 2—
ljulv 23% 23% 23 23K
August 23% 23% 23 23'*
September 24% 2114 23* 23«4
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
July 12 35 .12 65 12 85 12 55
September 12 t5 12 85 12 65 12 75
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July « 70 6 10 6 66H 6 67«4
September 6 R5 6 90 6 80 6 R3
October 6 S7V4 « 90 6 S'% 6 S7tf
Short Rifcs, Der 100 lbs—
July 6 93 7 O2V4 , C ?2',4 7 00
September 7 00 . 7 05 6 95 7 O2\i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No 3 spring wheat. 75©76c; No. 2 red. 77<379Uc;
No. 2 corn. 42<4 42»'»c; No. 2 yelow. 42V; 42Tkc;
No. 2 oats. 23%(i?24Uc: No. 2 white. 20@2GUc;
No. 3 white. 23@25c; good feeding barley, 4Sc;
fair to choice malting. 42345c: No. 1 flaxsecd,
$1 J»0; No. 1 Northwestern, Jl SO; prime timothy
seed. J3JTS 10; mess pork, per barrel. $11 45@
12 CO; lard, per 100 pounds, ti 57VA<5G 70; short
ribs sides (loose). $6 85@7 15; dry salted should
ers (boxed). 6*;«i7c; short clear sides (boxed),
?7 40S7 50; whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 23;
clover, contract grade, $S.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .' 17.000 15.000
Wheat, bushels 17,000 15,000
Corn, bushels C27.OOO 649, C00
Oats, bushels 353,000 390,000
Rye. bushels 20.000 39,000
Barley, bushels 9.000 11.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. WSlic; dairy, 13®
lGVic; cheese, 9Vi®10Uc; eggs, firm; fresh, lie.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84J4
Sterling Exchange. «lxty days.... — 4 87*
Sterling Cables •••• — * J*
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic - »H
Fine Silver, per ounce.... — 61V*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4SV4 —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
lowsr.
Chicago declined from S2tf to .S?*c. There
was a good rainfall on Sunday at several points
In the Northwest, and while It was too late to
save the wheat. It produced a sentimental ef
fect on the market [and added to weak cables
depressed prices. The American visible sup-
Dlv Increased 1,037,000 bushels. Russian ship
ments were 1 f.i>O,COO bushels less than last year
an." the quantity afloat decreased 1.500.000 bush
els. There were 3.000.000 bushels of July wheat
on deliwry at Chlcafca - _¦ ....•¦-_
The locil chi: market dropped about 3c. Spot
prices were unchanged. The shippers are will
ing to pay $1 05, but dealers say that the farm
ers arc Renerally unwilling to sell .
.Spot Wheat— rihippine. »1 0»; nVIHng, *1 OVA
per ctl. _ ¦
' TALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — *:1» o'clock— December—
2C S°ec C o^ S^ni^ember-2000 ctls. ,114.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
11 12V 46.000 $1 12?i : 12,000. U 12H- '¦
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctla, $1 12%;
lo.oro *i 13; 6000. $i 12 T 4. -
BARLEY— The market Is dull and unchanged.
- Feed, 67%@70c for No. 1 and 6-VsSWc for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades. 75®SOc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December-2000, 73c.
Regular Morning Session— December—4000 ctl*,
"Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There Is . a moderate demand at un
changed quotations.
White, $1 10©l 25; Surprise, $1 27%<gl 35; Red,
tliil 15: Gray, }1 07H®l 15: Black. J1Q1 10 per
CORN— Eastern larce Yellow. Jl 17%#1 20 per
ctl: Eastern White, $1 17&@1 20 per ctl; Mixed.
Jl 13@1 17V4.
RYE— S7&c for new . and 92@93c for old.
ULCKYV-JiEAT— Nominal. . £
Flour a'ndMillstufis,
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington, ' $2 75{?3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and " $3 1533 £0 for bakers': Eastern. Ji 50
(j'> an p»r barrel. H£*£343HHMHWMQlM)H^
-MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual- discount to the trade: Graham
CHICAGO. July 2.— Wheat, bearlshly affected
by rains In the Northwest, weakness In Liver
pool and the heavy deliveries tn July contracts,
closed 3%c lower to-day. Corn closed *i?5*ic
and Oats l'.4c down. Provisions closed steady.
I August Wheat opened lttc, deliveries In July
] contracts unusually heavy, although largely
by one elevator concern, and. there were liberal
I rains In the Northwest. These were the fac
tors throughout the session. The rains In the
Dakotas and Minnesota were heavier than pre
vious showers of a month. Following the open-
Ins: there was some covering by shorts, which
rallied August to S0%c. but thereafter the
I course was downward with few checks and
! these were not emphatic. Toward the end the
I elevator concern credited with most of the
i deliveries was credited with hammering the
market to enable it to rebuy stuff given out
on July contracts. The close was weak at the
bottom. August 3%c lower than Saturday at
77*^. New York reported twenty-five loads
] taken for export.
Corn opened off sharply with wheat, and al
! though the market recovered its initial decline
I the close showed some loss with .wheat. Rains
I in the West, together with the wheat weak-
I ness, caused selling at the start by commls
| slon houses. On the break Influential local op
erators bought and provisions people covered,
causing the bulge. Country acceptances were
reported small. The cash demand was fair.
Oats were weak. Influenced by 'the wheat
break and a favorable crop report from the
Northwest. This section, recently a buyer,
was on the other side to-day.
Provisions early were firm and especially In
comparison with the weakened attitude of
wheat, showing but a small decline. The list
I eased off a little early, but rallied later on
I good local support. Towards the end the mar
ket eased oft again with wheat, but the close
was steady. •¦"•' ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
ARRIVED.
Monday. July f.
• Stinr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 6114 hours from
San IMezo. etc.
Bktn Encore. Atwood. 63 days from Junin.
Barne Santa Paula. Nielsen. hours from
Pan Pedro. In tow cf tug Rescue.
Schr North Bend. Pelmgren. 5 days from
Yl"U!aja Harbor.
Schr Guide, Olsen. 6>4 days from Grays Har
bcr.
Echr Mary C, Campbell, S hour* from Fort
Ross.
CLEARITD.
SAILED.
Monday. July 2.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
G^odall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Cfizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkina & Co.
Br ship Amazon. Christie. Talcahuano; Bal
four. Guthrle & Co.
MEMORANDUM.
Monday. July X.
Stmr Bonlta. JClcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Etmr Coquille lilver. Thompsen. Grays Har
bor.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria,
Stmr Cleone, Madsfn, Casper.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Brass.
Ship S D Carleton. Amesbury, Tacoma.
Fr bark Marie Moliaos. Jan, Queenstown.
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel, Sluslaw River, la
tow stir.r Cleone.
Schr J Epplnger, Skipper. Stewarts Point.
SPOKEN.
May 8. lat 43 S. Ion 43 W— Br bark Donna
Francesca. from Portland, for Queenstown.
June 24. lat 43 N. Ion 11 W— Fr bark Ville do
Mulhouse. from Swansea, for San FYandsco.
Per Br ship Brussels, at Victoria July X — On
June 17. lat 31 N, Ion 131 W. bktn Encore, from
Junln, for San Francisco, with captala dasger
ouBly ill.
Per «chr Abbte M Deering— The following is
the catch of cedfish: Schr Stanley, 33.000; bktn
Fremont. 33.000; Blakeley. 20.0C0; Lizzie Colby.
15.0C0; Uranus. 35,000.
POINT MONTARA. July 2— Lighthouse Keeper
reports a four-masted bktn anchored two mllea
south oi station since 7:30 a m. IVi miles oft
shore, with no signals set. Thinks she la in
trouble, as she has all satis set and a strong
southerly wind is blowing.
TELEGRAPHIC;;-- -.
POINT LOBOS. July 2. 10 p m— Weather
*oggy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
DUTCH HAREOR— In port June 23— Xor itna-
Hero, stmr Farallon. U S stmr Rosecrana. stxar
Golden Gate, stmr Sunol and two barges la tow,
L" S stmr Patterson, stmr Corwln and U 3
stmr Perry.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 2— Stmr Del Norte.
from Astoria, for Eureka and San Francisco.
Sailed July 2— Stmr Arcata. for S.\n Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 1— Stmr
Rival, hence June 27.
Sailed July 1— Schr Laura May. for San Fran
cisco.
GREENWOOD— Sailed July 2— Stmr Alcatrai.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 1— Strcr City of To
peka. from Skaguay: schr Albert Meyer, from
Honolulu: schr Gen Slglin. from . July 2 —
Stmr Robert Dollar, from Cape Nome-.
Sailed July 1— Stmr Cleveland, fcr Cape Nome;
Mmr Al-Kl. for Dyea.
Sailed July 2-Ptmr San Bias, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 1 — Ektn
Amelia, from Honolulu.
NEWPORT— Arrived July »-Schr Lottie Car
son, from Eureka
TACOMA-Satled July 2— Bark Tidal Wave
and »chr Glendale. for San Francisco. .
ASTORIA— Sailed July 2. at 5 a m— Stmr Co
lumbia, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 2— L : ri stmr Philadelphia, fronx
Victoria.
Sailed July 2— Stmr Juneau. for Seattle.
Arrived July 2— Ger ship Itickmers Rlckmers.
i from Honskor*™.
TORT Ll'DLOW— Arrived July 2— E r stmr
Bloemfonteln, from Pert ITadlcTk.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived June 23— Schr En
deavor from Port Ludlow.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to June 30— Br
stmr Gaelic, hence June !>.
Sailed June 30— Br stmr Coptic, for San Fran-
ACAFULCO— Sailed June 20— Stmr Barra
couta. for Panama: stmr City of Para, for
Pan.ama.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 25— Ital ship Mount
Carmel. for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Arrived June 11— Nor strrir Kvar
ven. from London, far Vancouver. ¦
DUBLIN— Arrived June 2S— Fr bark llarte.
hence March 3.
DOVER— Passed June 2S— Br ship Bermuda,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TOKK- Arrived July 3— Stmr Mar
quette, from London; stmr Tauric. from Liv
erpool.
i YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Juno 30— Stmr
• GrjHc. from San Francisco.
¦ LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 2— Stmr Servia.
I from New York.
LONDON— Arrived Ju!y 2— Stmr Minnesota.'
from Philadelphia. , ,.
"Is Parker Podds; a good whl3t player?**
"Xo: he used to be, but golf rulneft
him."
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK. July 2.— FLOUR— Receipts. 22.
400 barrels; exports, 24,500. There was a drop
of 10015c In flour prices to-day, following tht
break In wheat, and the close was weak, with
buyers generally holding off.
WHEAT— Receipts, 70.600 bushels; exports,
1S1.400. Spot, weak; No. 2 red. S7Vic f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. S.'.^ic elevator; No. 2 Northern
Duluth. S7"fcc f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Op
lions were generally weak all day. except for
a brief mid-afternoon spurt on covering, talk
of loss, favorable weather" abroad and some
bullish winter wheat cror> estimates at home.
The day's heaviness resulted from good rains
in the Northwest, weak cables, foreign selling
and domestic liquidation. Closed weak at 2^»H
2»ie net decline. July. S4«iftS6c. closed 8*%c;
September. S3%-5S£c; December. S4U@S5»»c.
closed M'^c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio firm; No. 7 Invoice, $%^9c;
do Jobbing. Sh^Hic; mild market, steady. The
market for coffee futures closed steady with
prices :;.fz49 points higher. Total sales were
M.7C0 tine?. Including: July, $7 5007 6.">; Au
gust. $7 6OB1 65; September, $7 SM$7 63; Octo
ber, $7 d^^f' 75; November, J7 7.VII7 SO; Decem
ber. $7 90^8: March. $S 15fxS 25: May. *S 23f8 35.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; refined, mild.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 2.— The situation In the
market for evaporated apples ruled about
unchanged; the demand was sluggish, with
holders, however, steady. State evaporated
apples. common, 3H©0c; prime. KVl@5ttc;
choice. h%<S6\*c; fancy. 7@7Hc California
dried prunes, SHtHe per pound, as to size and
quality. Apricots, Royal, 124€llc; Jloorpark.
l.ifilSc; Peaches. peeled, 10Q20c; unpeeled
6@ 9c.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Charters.
The Planter loads merchandise for Honolulu.
The Brussels loads lum'.»er at Vancouver for
Cape Town, SSs; the echooner Corona lumber
at Cherr.r.inus for Sar.ta Rosalia; GaribaMi
lumber at Moodyville for Valparaiso for or
ders, owners' account.
The Harlecli Castle loads wheat at Portland
tot Europe, 27s Cd.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Amazon cleared yesterday
for Talcahuano with f7,12S ctis of wheat, value
f~ 121 and 11 000 feet of lumber dunnage,
v^ue $r^:. Total value. $C7,S53.
Stocks of Grain.
Trcduce Exrhar.pe Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain on hand In warehouse
and on wharf July 1 as fellows. In tons:
Wheat. June :-Port Costa. S0.01S; Stockton,
4S.4-.4; city. 1.C01: barley-Port Costa, 19.33S;
Stockton. 11.406; city." 10.024; oats. 4295; corn,
1*2 bran, M5. July 1— Port Costa. S5.0G4;
Stockton. 40.761; city. 7C0; barley— Port Costa,
n.CSC; Stockton, STCS; city. ESS1; oats, 2316; corn.
>:: bran. :,26.
Receipt* in June were 14.061 tons barley. 2103
tens cats, UBS tons corn and 1J70 tons bran.
Fruit and Salmon in England.
The London Orocers' Gazette says: "In Cali
fornia fruits there is some df-pression on the
market in consequence of abundant supp!!??.
stocks l>eing amp'.e. Pineapples sold freely
at advancing prices. Salmon is in active de
mand and recent arrivals almost cleared from
the quays. As supplies are considerable the
rr.irk^t is somewhat quiet. Much salmon has
l>e<rn sold, to arrive, to country buyers, who
ere mainly, well stocked for some time. There
are Indications of a still further advance, as
nefcera are quoting: higher prices for new
¦eaaon'a poods, la consequence of th- increased
< Y>Mj:Ms and thP c~>st of tin plaie. Demand
for haif-pOBBd tins has fallen <",rr. Oval pound
ur.i half i>cund tins still scarce."
The Lumber Trade.
Fnc'.flc Cr-ast Wood and Iron Fays:
"There is very little improvement noticeable
?n ihe lumber trade circles of this city and
of the coart. although there hns been a little
char.se for the better. Redwood is still quoted
*t jrlcfs which are net warranted and the
Manufacturers are still almost giving away
their product, while rlr.e. spruce and flr are
ret much better. Freight rates remain high
ar.d abnorrr.al and no relief is Imminent. Sugar
ar.4 yellow pine are holding th* highest prices
c. all the soft woods and the demand Is
heavy, although not quite a> eo<xJ * 8 during
Uw la^t two cr three months.
"The hardwoods are running along in the
t ar.ie old rut and no agreement seems possible
among the local dealers. If petty conFMera
tior:s could be overlooked and the t#st inter
rets Of the trade fostered San Francisco would
t>e enjoying a hardwood prosperity not met
With lor several years past.
¦•The redwood shingle is keeping up its good
*-ork on Kahtern shipments and thousands are
point' there each week. The shingle is getting
to the top of the pile all over the Eastern
Mates and the end of the year should see It
vithcut a rival.
"frcm the Interior mills only the best of re
j r:s are heard. The plants are extremely
1-usy keeping up with the ever incoming orders
End 1*09 will be a banner year for the Truckee
tnd Blsldyon districts.
"Redwood land? are meeting with pome heavy
rs.!»s in Humboldt County.. a« the recent pur
< baaea at a wealthy Minneapolis lumberman
Ehowm. His agents secured over T.CPO acres re
cfr.i'.y. which is claimed to be but a part of
a Uu««r acreage. Sugar pine lands are also go
ing at good prices."
Weather Report.
C??th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 2. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures wer*
Reported from rtations In California to-day:
Eoreka 68 Red Bluff 88
Mour.t Tair.alpais ...6< Sacramento 83
In-ip^niicnce S4 San Luis Oblspo 70
FrecBO Ml San Diego 6S
I>cs Ange'.es "4J
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C7; minimum. 50; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally rloudy weather prevails over the
northern pcrtion of thf Pacific s'.ope and fair
over the bouthfrn. Light rain Is reported from
V.Vttern Montana and scattering epi inkles
Irrm Washington and Utah.
The pressure has risen over the PacISc Coast
$m<: fallT. east of the Rocky Mountains.
".iie temrwrature changes have been slight
5n t!l districts and It is generally below the
*;crn-.al.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather
1r. California Tuesday, except, rioudy or foggy
elong the coast in the morning.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
J*our* endlnc rr.idnight July 3:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
cloudy or fopgy along the coast in the morn
fag; freFh west wind; warmer.
Southfera California— Fair Tue-day. except
cloudy along the coast in the morning; fresh
Nevsrt'a— Panly rl.-i jdy Tuesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona -Fair Tue«!ay.
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
except clouoy in the forenoon: rresh we?t wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
* . ».
The Stock and Bond Exchange stands ad
jcurned to Saturday.
The oil stocks continue dull and featureless.
Tha Andes Miring Company has levied an
assessment of 5 cents.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Honokaa, 3oc; Oceanic Steamship, EOc; Gas &
Electric. 33c; Geary-st. R. R.. SOc; Napa Con.
Quicksilver. 10c; New Idrla Quicksilver, two of
10c each.
The Continental Building Association has de
clared dividends on deposits at the rate of 5
per cent per annum on ordinary and 6 per
cent on term, and stock dividends at the rate
of 10 per cent per annum on class F and 12
per cent on class A.
The Columbia Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend for the first half of the
calendar year at the rate of 3.90 per cent per
annum on term and 3H per cent on ordinary
deposits, payable immediately.
A quarterly dividend of 60c per share will
be paid by the Market-street Railway Company
on the 10th.
The Wells-Fargo Company pays a semi-an
nual dividend of 3 p*t cent on the 13th.
The Quicksilver Mining Company will pay a
dividend of SOc per share on preferred stock,
or $21,500, on the lHth.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 30c per shar?, or $5000. on the 5th.
The Oceanic Oil Company will .pay the usual
dividend on the 15th.
The local savings banks paid their semi
annual dividends on deposits yesterday and
also on capital stock.
The Giant Con. Powder has declared a divi
dend of 73c per share, payable on the 2oth.
The Paauhua Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of SOc per share on the ICth.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
dividend of 75c per share on the 12th.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
1C0 Home Oil 4 70
10 K^RIver „»
1
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran- ¦
Cisco Stock and Exchanje Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 27! 230 PotosJ 13
200 Challenge 16 Km Savage IS
200 Gould & Curry. 12 200 Silver Hill 49
400 Ophlr 70.
Afternoon Session.
50 Challenge 16 700 Savage tS
25 Con Cal & Va..l 55 2T.0 Sierra Nevada. 30
50 Con Cal & Va..l 50 100 Union Con 21
10O Gould & Curry. IS 1C0 Utah 13
100 Occidental _H_
¦The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alpha C5| ?C0 Savage 20
200 Belcher IT; 2M) Savage 23
500 Exchequer 02; 200 Savage 24
500 Exchequer 01 300 Savage 25
5C0 Gould & Curry. 12 200 Savage V
200 Gould & Curry. 13 S00 Savage IS
300 Hale & Nor ii 200 Sa%age 29
TOO Mexican 20 700 Sliver Hill 43
300 Ophlr 70.
Afternoon Session.
400 Challenge Con. 17 SCO Potosl »
200 Crown Point... « 2ii0 Savage 27
• 300 Gould & Curry. 12 SCO Ravage 23
200 Hale & Nor 31 3C0 Savage 26
200 Ophir 71; SCO Sierra Nevada. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 2.
Bid. Ask. 1 Julia > 01 C2
Bid. Ask. ] Justice 07 OS
Alpha 04 C5;Kentuck — 01
Alta 01 02 i I Ad/ Wash.... — C3
Andes 05 C6jMexlcan 20 22
Belcher 16 ISOccldental 10 12
Best & Belcher 26 2s:Ophlr 70 71
Bullion 04 05; Overman 16 IS
Caledonia 1 05 1 10|Potosl 19 20
Chollar ....:... IS 20|Savage 22 23
Challenge Con. 13 lijSeorplon C2 —
Confidence 73 — ISeg Belcher 04 f3
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55 1 Sierra Nevada. 29 31
1 Con Imperial... 01 — Silver Hill 42 45
Con New York. C2 — St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con — 50-Standard 4 GO 4 50
Crown Point... OS 09. Syndicate 07 OS
Exchequer 01 021 Union Con_.... 20 22
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Utah 13 14
Hale & Nor.... 28 31| Yellow Jacket. 13 15
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry C. and Hortense N. Good to Walter C.
Good, lot on SE corner of Ellis and Octavla
streets, E 52:6 by S 120; $10.
Attllio Moretti to Merced Moretti. lot on X
line of Hermann street. 163 W of Buchanan.
W 26:3 by N 137:6: gift.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Mary Hood, lot on
E line of Clayton street. 222 S of. Frederick. S
26 by E 101:3 $10. "^
William 'and Elizabeth J. Barber to Samuel
A Wood Jr.. lot on S line of Pacific street.
107:6 E of -Walnut. E 30 by S 127:8>i; $10.
Estate of Samuel Cowles (by Anna W. and
Samuel W. Cowles. trustees) to Margaret A.
Cowles, lot on NE line of Twelfth street. 112
NW of Howard. NW 53. NE 145 :2H. SE 62:8.
SW 141:44; $»300.
Anna W. and Samuel W. Cowles, Myra A.
Redding, Anita E. Rearden and Frances S.
Badger to same, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Margaret G. Fllnn (single) to Elizabeth
Lynch (wife of Alexander), lot on S line of
Seventeenth street. 160 E of Guerrero, E 33:8
by S 90; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Jacob Kamm (owner) with Gray Bros, (con
tractors) architect Clinton Day— Underpinning
of brick 'wall and necessary excavation there
with and support of a wood wall, said walls
being Eastern brick, wall and return wall on
south of building on S line of Market street
(No 715). between Third and Fourth; $1500.
Claus Spreckels (owner) with Gladding. Me-
Bean & Co. (contractors), architects Reid Bros.
—Terra cotta for light court and fire walls
for a five-story and basement office building
on S line of Market street, between Third and
Fourth. W of Claus Spreckels building; $4350.
D L Farnsworth (owner) with Jones, Peter-
son & Rountree (contractors), architects Cope
land & Pierce — Chimneys, lumber, labor, tin
ning galvanized iron and mill work, stairs,
glass and glazing, screens, electric wirlns and
bells, tubes, etc., hardware- and marble steps
for a two-story and basement frame- building
and two-story stable on SE corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Brod»rick street, S 95 by E
77; $S455.
Caroline Wlngarter (owner) with J. Fred
Wagner (contractor), architect Maxwell G.
Bugbee— Brtckmason's work. Including all ex
cavation, marble steps, mosaic work, pressed
brick work and brick mantels rof two two
story, attic and basement frame residences on
S line of Clay street. 36:8 W of Pierce. W 56S
by S 127: $1500. -- --, -
Same owner with Carl Krecker (contractor),
architect same— All work except brick work,
excavations, marble steps, mosaic work, plumb
ing, tinning, painting, plastering, electric
work, concrete work, shades and gas fixtures
for same on same; $7500.
Same owner with Duffy Bros, (contractors)
architect same— Plumbing work, including raw
ers and gas fitting for same on name: $1423.
Notice to Mariners.
Office U. & Lighthouse Inspector
Twelfth District
San Francisco. Cal.. July 2 1900
NOTICE TO MARINERS-PRESIDIO SHOAL!
CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that the first-class
can buoy, recently carried away from near
the middle of PRESIDIO SHOAL. SAN FR V\
CISCO BAY. CALIFORNIA, has been re
placed temporarily by a second-class can buoy
painted red and black horizontal stripes in
the same position. The first-class buoy will b"»
put In place again as soon a» practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beucona and
Buoys.'' Pacific Ccast. 19C0, page 20.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District
THE STOCK MARKET.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld«
and the last or rlsht hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The helsht*
given are in addition to the soundings on th»
Unl'ed States Ccast Survey charts, except
when a minus nlgn (— ) precedes the helznt.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The piano of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises * : ->*
Sun s*ts '¦**
Moon swts U:2i o. m.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat dropped sc. Barley unchanged.
Other cereals as before quoted.
Hay and Fccdstufis show no variation.
Beans and Seeds dull at former prices.
Potatoes iirm and Onions weak.
Tmnatocs scarce and firm. Other Vegetables zceak.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Light receipts of Poultry.
Fresh fruits stand about the same.
Prunes rapidly cleaning up.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Mutton and Lamb firm and Veal very scarce.
Ccast Lumber market in fair shape.
Uuited States Coast anil Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Wa-.ers at Fort Point, entrance to ssaa
• Francisco Bay. Fubllsnetl by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The hixh and lew waters occur at
the city front (Mission-'treet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes l**ter t*i«in Fort Point;
the he'ght of tide Is the sanae at b-ith places.
MONDAY. JULY 2.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 24V4
Call loans 2^@3ii Union Pac 51
Time loans 3<i«j4 West End 92
Stocks— Bonds-,
Atch To? & S F.. 25T-S AtchLson 4s 100»,i
Do prefd 72 N E G & Coke 5s.. 63
Amer Sugar 114?; Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 244 Adventure 2
Boston L. 13934 Allouez Mng Co 1
Boston & Maine. ,.1S7 Amal Copper 85
Chi Bur & Q l?5 Boston & Mont... 294
Dominion Coal 38 Butte & Boston... 63
Do prefd IIX14 Calumet & Hecla..717
Federal Steel 32& Centennial 16
no prefd 65 Franklin 12 .
FItchburg prefd ...13S Osceola CO,
General Elec 12GV. Parrot 40
Ed El?c III 203 Qulncy 135
Mexican Cent 12;4 Santa Fe Copper.. 4V4
Mich Tel 83 Tamarack 175
N E Gas & Coke.. 15 lUtah Mining 25
Old Colony 203 jwinona 21
Old Dominion 17'4 Wolverines 25
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 06 Ontario 6 73
Crown Point C6 Ophlr 65
Con Cal & Va 1 i>) Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver ........ 1 50
Gould &. Curry 10 Do prefd 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 22 Sierra Nevada 26
Homestake 40 CO Standard 8 5t)
Iron Sliver 54iUnlon Con 17
Mexican 2S I Yellow Jacket 125
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July 2.— Money on call, easy, at
1H@2 per cent. Last loan, 1%. Prime mercan
tile paper, 3T4@'4 1 ,i- Sterling exchange, steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 S6V4
for demand and at $4 ?3T» for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 S4H®* 85 and U S7H. Commercial bills,
$4 S3U. Bar sliver, 61Uc. Silver certificates,
6lHS62?ic Mexican dollars, 4S&c. Government
bonds, irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 2.— Commercial Advertis
er's London financial cablegram:
The markets here were depressed to-day un
der the news from China and dealings were on
a small scale and altogether in the hands of
professionals.
Americans were sold in the belief that Ber
lin would unload on account of the New York
fire, which It was thought would disturb Ger
man industrials anew. When It was discovered
that Germany was not inclined to sell much
the market rallied, stimulated by the news
that the drought In the Northwestern wheat
fields In America had been broken.
The bank sold £5S.O00 gold in French coin
and lost £20,000 to Roumanla.
CLOSING.
Money was very easy considering the half
yearly settlements' and the large amount due
the bank was entirely repaid. Silver was
weak, bazaar prices declining. The Exchange
will be closed on Saturday.
The fortnightly statistics of copper show that
there has been virtually no change since the
last report.
LONDON. July 2. 4 p. m.— Atchlson, 25"»;
Canadian Pacific* 91H: St. Paul, 113H: Union
Pacific preferred, 73'i: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 72*;; Grand Trunk. 6?i; Anaconda, SV4:
Rand Mines, 40-H; bar silver, uncertain, 28Ud
per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. July 2.-Porter Bros. Company's
tales of California fruit were as follows: Cher
ries—Royal Anne, 25c® $1 45 box; Republicans,
C5c®$l 60 box; Tartarians, S3c; Imperials, Soc.
Peaches-Brlggs' May, $1 40@l 60 box. Prunes
— Tragedys. 75c@$l 50 single crates; Slmoni. 75c
0$1 10. Apricots— Royals, S5c@$l 45 box: Mont
gamet. $1. Plums— Royal Hatlve, 55r#75c single
crates; Burbanks, 90c@Jl 10; Peach. 75c<8U;
Abundance, 75c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Pears— Bartletts,
$2 30IQZ 25 box. Peaches— Hole's Early, 70c@
tl 05: La^vBon. averace SOc, single crates.
Plums — Burbank, 90c©$l 20 single crates; Kel
seys>., 70c«j %l. Prunes— Slmoni, average, $1;
Trn£ttlyft$l35@ltt. Twelve cars fruit sold to-
jKBWTORK, July 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pniiy'? salf-o or California fruit were as follows:
Poaches— Hale's Early. ?1 2r>g!l 35 box. Plums
— Abundance, 45cf/$l 10 6lngle crates; Bur
bahk3, J.'cS51 50; -Olymans. 00cg$l 20; Botan,
4017300; Peach., 7icfT>l 30. Prunes— Slmonl, 70c
«i*l rfJ.Ty&sed?. 90c<ff$l 50.
. Porter .Bros. . Company's sales: Plums— P. D.,
S0cfi$l 4!T single cratos; Peach'. $1 20; Burbnnks,
CO&U 40:*. Abundance, S'.cf $1 25; Ogon. $4 0a;
Royal Hatlves. »C0@70c; Washington. 70c; Nor
in*n. . $1 65O1 73; Latonkin. 90c; mixed. S5c<a
$1 C5;' Botan. 605}"90c: Clymanp, 25<T}S3c; Japan.
93c; Wlckson. $3 S3; California Red, $1 0jig$2 10.
Prunes— Tragedy. 70c(gU 40 single crates; Sl
nionl, 55cg?*l. Peaches— Alexander, $1 40 box;
Hate's, '$1 OSigfl 40; Governor Garland, $1 10 box.
Pears— Bartletts $3 20#4 05 box and 70c@$l 13
half vbox; Comet, $2 40 box and $1 23@1 35 half
box; Wilder. {2^2 05 half box. Apricots-
Royals. $1 05 box. Figs— Black. 90c@$l box.
Cherries— Royal Anne, 60c(&'$l 60 box; Repub
llcnn, C0cii$l 75; Tartarians, E£c(2$l. Seven
teen cars fruit sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July 2.— CATTLE— Receipts 21.000:
steers active, steady to strong. Native stock
strong, except common grass kind. Natives
best on sale to-day, four head, at $3 75; good to
prime steers, $5 2005 80; poor to medium, $4 60
05 15; selected feeders, steady, $3 75@4 75;
mixed Btockers, slow, $2 50<&-3 75; cows, $2 90®
4 40; heifers. $3Q4 15; canners, $2® 2 75: bulls,
good to choice steady; others lower, $2 5O©4 40;
calves ' steady, $4 50®6 60. Texans— Receipts
1600; best on sale to-day, six carloads, at $•"» 15;
Texas fed steeers steady to strong, $4 40@5 25;
do grass steers. $3 75®4.
HOGS— Receipts. 3S.000 to-day; to-morrow.
24.CW); left over, 1400. Mostly 10c lower. Top,
J5 22\i; good clearances. Mixed and butchers,
J5(g5 22^; good to choice heavy, $5 10<&5 22V4;
rough heavy, $4 SS'g'S 03; light, $5115 20; bulk of
eales. *5 ]2V'">5 17',2.
SHEEP— Receipts, 19,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to strong for good to choice, others slow.
Good to choice wethers. $4 23^4 90: fair to
choice mixed. $3 25«4 25; Western sheep, $4 10
4 75; Texas sheep. $3 50J?4 50; native lambs, $5@
6 50; Western lambs. $5 50®6 50.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 2.— In a general way the
metal market was very weak. The demand for
plglron was most unsatisfactory and prices
were nominal at any figure; warrants at the
close quoted $14. Lake copper was also neg
lected but nominally unchanged: closed quiet
at $16 50. The demand for tin was no match
for the disposition to sell and prices ruled
lower, with the market finally dull and nomi
nal on the basis of $31. Lead was decidedly
unsettled, closing weak and low at $4 1004 15.
against $4 22H<ff4 27H last week. Spelter, with
out quotable change, was quiet, closing at
$4 25^4 30. The brokers' price for lead Is $3 90
and for copper $10 DO.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 2.— In view of the decline
of 19 to 20 points, which occurred in the New
York cotton market ' Saturday, a recovery at
Liverpool after a lower opening became the
ba?is of some buying here on the opening call,
which resulted tn an advance of 8 to 22 points
on the near position and 2 to 7 points on later
deliveries. A reaction followed and the mar
ket closed barely steady at a net decline of
4 to 9 points.
U^ew York TDrv Goods {Market.
NEW YORK. July 2.— The tone of the market
shows firmness In brown cottons In some quar
ters, manufacturers being influenced by the
continued rise In the price of cotton. There Is
no better demand than before In any direction,
business bring on a limited scale throughout.
Print cloths are neglected. The woolen goods
division is dull, without special feature.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 2.— Consols. 100^; silver.
2SV«d: French rentes. lWf 23c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, white quiet, red easy; Walla
Walla, 2'J» 6d; English country markets. Is
cheaper; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom 2.370.000 ctls: wheat and flour on
fiis- pine to the Continent, 1. 510.000 ctls; Indian
shipments of wheat to United Kingdom, none;
Indian shipments of wheat to the Continent,
LIVERPOOL. July 2.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard California, 6s 5',4dS6s 6d; wheat In
Paris, quiet: flour In Paris, quiet: French coun
try markets, steady; cotton, uplands, J 21-3.d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. July 2.— WHEAT— Spot, dull;
No. 1 northern spring. 6s 4\4d: No. 1 California,
6s 6d!gGs 7J; futures, dull: July, 6s 2V»d; fcep
tember. 6s Z%d; December, nominal.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
W; American mixed, old, 4s 4d; futures, dull;
July. 3s HHd; September. 4s Id.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July 2.— Clearings, $459,8S6; bal
ances, J113.234.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 2.— Wheat exporters seemed
Indifferent about doing any business, and as
most of the farmers are In the harvest field
there was not much wheat offering. Prices
were largely nominal at D6057c for Walla
Walla with a few dealers refusing to quote
over 56c for either Walla Walla or Valley. The
first cargo of wheat for the new season cleared
to-day
Cleared— British ship Wendur. for Queens
town, with 106,503 bushels wheat.
TACOMA, July 2.— Wheat, lc lower. Blue
Stem, ESc; Club. E6c. both for export.
Calif ornia Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
¦ . PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept-Dec
Opening 20 SO 2195
Closing 20 75 2195
Flour —
Opening 27 SO 28 85
Closing : 27 75 2S 30
# ZIZZZI — i N
for medium and 5H@3*6c for large: stock Hogs
and feeders. 5^c; dressed Hogs. S@3c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Hc; Wool . Bags. 2SHO32Vic;
Fleece Twine. 7*4c; Fruit Bags. 6H86%c ' or
white and S^SS%c for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; new Welling
ton. 13: Southfleld Wellington. $8: Seattle. $6:
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $3; Co
operative Wallsen<l. $3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk
and $13 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Efs. $14; Cannel. ill per ton: Coke. $18 per
ton In bulk find {IS in sacks; Castle Gate and
R-v>k Pnring". ' s ** P<* r 2"°° pouid".
SUGAR— The Western Sutrar ReOnlnfT Com
pany quote?, per Ih. in iw-Ib bas;?: Cub**. A
Crushed ami Fine Crushed. 3.90c: Powdered,
StSOej Candy Granulated. 3.:rte; Dry Granulated.
5.40c; Confectioners' A. S.40c: Magrnollu A. 5o;
Extra C, 4.30c: Oolden C. 4.S0c; barrels. 10-i
mure, half-barrels. 25c more: boxes. CQv: more:
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Dcmlnos, half
barrels. 6.13c; boxes, 6.40c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JULY I.
Flour, qr !=k3 13."n llldf?. Xo 1C2
V.'hcat ctla n.4<v». feather, rolls 44
Farley, otls 6.220' \Ylr.<\ K als 32. CO
Oats, otls 1.440.' Wool. ba!M K6
Hyp. rtls StflifUmw. tons 2fi
Talintv. otls 252 Ham tons 932
Chepsp. rtla jw; MMdllnRs. sks... T..V)
rsutter. rtls 227 Bran, sks l.r-.V;
Ejres. doz 13,!T.'> Onions, sks t>7>
P'lear. hb'.s 4M Potatoes, sks 3.223
Lime, bb's 31 Beans. sk3 3S3
Pelts, bdls 9«
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.6CV
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 5.SS2 Shorts, sks 1.2M
Bran, sks 5,15i> Wool, bales 10
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 1.632J
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Watermelons from Indlo sold at $1 per crate.
Peaches and Apricots sold well at steady
prices, but Plums and Prunes were weak.
Bartlett Pears continued to bring good prices.
A few grapes came In.
Wrapped Apples sold readily at $1 per box
for shipment.
Berries were In their usual good supply and
cheap.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apricots— 30QG0c per box and crate; In bas
kets, 2OOi33e; in bulk. 233c per lb to the
trade nnd $ID'B2j per ton to the cann?rs.
APPLES— 2O«4Oc per basket and 3JC&$1 for
large boxes. Crabapples. 40<gOc per box.
PEARS— 30#7.->c per box; Bartletts, tl-Sl 25.
PLUMS— 20r<«Srtc per box and crate and 20®3Oc
per basket; in bulk. SlOfilj per ton: Prunes, 35
©iOc r**r crate and 2j'510c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 5<W?3 So per chest for
large and *2 50ifi4 for small -berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3(36 per chest.
15LACKBEKHIKS— *l"S4 per cnest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $«W8 per chest.
CURRANTS— $1 S0O3 CO per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIKS— None in.
FIGS— Per box, 20-g35c for single and 40#oCc
for double layers.
PEACHES— 3J©75c per box and 43365'; per
basket for common and £><37oC per box for
Crawfords.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona. $1 7i> per
CHERRIES— 5CS&C per box for black; Royal
Anne, uC57oc. In bulk, C®6c for black and 6®
8c for Royal Anne.
MELONS— Nutmegs. $1 50 per case for Ariz
ona and $1©1 50 for nearby.
CITKUS FRUITS— Seedlings. K0c«m 50; St.
Michaels, Jlfi2 50: Mediterranean Sweets, fl 253
2; Valenclas. $2©2 50: Lemons*. $1#2 for common
and 12 50(f33 50 for good to choice: Mexl«\-ui
Limes. $1^85; Bananas. 75c®$2 50 per bunch:
Pineapples^ $1 50©'3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The feature of this market is the rapidity
with which the handful of Prunes still left
are cleaning up. In a few days more there
will be none left and the new crop will come
In on a bare market. There Is nothing new
in Apricots and Peaches.
DKIEL> KKUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, in sacks.
4@4%c for 40-50*8. SViSS^c for 50-60's, 3HW3»4e
for 60-70'f, 3@3Vic for 70-SO'n, ?%@3c for SO-90's
and 2%ii?2%c for 90-lOCs. Peaches. 4U®4% C f or
Standards. 5c for choice and 5H<<i6e for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10®12Hc; Evaporated Apples.
5te@fc; sun-dried. 3@4c per lb: Pears. 3V404V4C
for dark and 7@8c for bright halves; Black
Figs l»4@2c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums. 7'/4c; Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and \ViC for unpltted.
NEW CRO'-— Apricots. 6%@7Vic per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy per lb. 8V4c; choice. 7Hc; standard. 6Vic;
prime, Ec; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, Cc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crown, 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
iu California.
NUTS— V.-alnuts, 8@3c for Standards .and 9®
10c for BOftshells; Almonds. Il\4@i2c for paper
shell 9@10c for soft and 4^50 f Or hardshell;
Peanuts. 5%®6"*ic for Eastern nnd 5c for Cali
fornia- Brazil Nuts. 7%<ffSc; Filberts, 12®12Hc.-
Pecans 11® 13c; Cocoanuts, $J 50@5.
HONEY— Ccmb. 12%®13c for bright and 113
12c for light amber: water white extracted. 7\4
®7V6c; light amber extracted 6%@7c; dark. 6c
P *BEESWAX-24®2Gc per lb.
Provisions,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10®10V4c per lb for
heavy. lOHSWHc for light medium, ll%c for
light. 12%c for extra light and 14&c for sugar
cured. Eastern BUgar-cured Hams. 12@«c:
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl: extra Hess. $13; Fam
ily $14: extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear. $1»;
Mobs, $16 60; Smoked Beef. 12H@13c per lb. ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and' ZViC tor pure: half -barrels, pure.
k\c- 10-lb tins. 9'4c; &-lb tins. 9*,c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S%c: three
half barrels, S^e; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. ;
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9i/£c; medium, S%c: light, S!4c; Cowhides. »Vic;
Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, SVic: Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, sound, 17c; culls mid brands, 14c; Dry
Kip lac; Itry Call. 17c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 20if30c each; short Wool, 35®60c each;
medium, 7(Xij90c; long Wool. $1®1 25 each; Horse
Hides, $1 75^2 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small;
Colts, 25@60c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
37H@*0c: fall or medium skins, 32',4®35c; win
ter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prime Ango
ras. 75c; large and smooth. EOc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c p»r lb; .No. 2.
Sc: refined. B^c; grease. 2V4c
WOOL— Spring clip ' Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15@16c: Northern defective, 13®
J5c- Middle County, free. l.V.ilTe; Middle Coun
ty": defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain. 12
montr.s" 12©18c;' Southern ¦ Mountain, free. 7
months'! ll&13c;. Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. . 10<212c; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
17619^: Nevada. 14©17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5@10c per lb; new, 9©10c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Veal Is extremely scarce . and still * hlsher.
Mutton is also firm and ; choice wethers sell
up to S4c Lamb. too. la firm. The scarcity
in Hops continues, but Beef, is in ample supply
and easy.
i BEEF— 5©6c per lb for fair to choice. •
VEAL— Large. 8c; -small, ?®10c per lb. .
MUTTONS— Wethers. 74@S4c; ewes, .7§74c
per pound. ¦ .
LAMB— Spring. 8^09c per lb.
PORK-Llve Hogs, 6@8Vic for small. 6%35Tic
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There were large receipts of Butter, as ex
pected, but the arrivals were In much better
chape, soft lots being few. . In consequence
the market showed more steadiness, though
quotations were unchanged. There was noth
ing new In Cheese. Eggs, too, remained un
changed, though there were plenty on the
market and the demand was poor.
13 UTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lS@19c; sec
onds, 174c.
Dairy— Fancy. 164" ®17c; good to choice, 16c;
common, 14015c.
CHEESE— New. S@9c: Young America, 9^
9%c: Kastern. lfi@17c: Western, incite per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13®14c for store and 150
17c per dozen lor ranch; Eastern, 14Q144C-
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Ry«
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats. $4 oO: Hom
iny. *$3 60©3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4^4 2o;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. 8 25: Rolled Oats (barrels) $6ft
7 25. in eacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $5: Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The situation is as before given, good old
Hay being firm, while all classes of. new are
neglected and weak.
BRAN— J12 50@13 10 per ton.
M1DDLINGS~$17@£O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26fiJ27; jobbing.
$27 E0@2S; Cocoanut Cake, J2O021; Corn Meal.
J2; 60; Cracked Corn, J25; Mixed Feed. $14.
HAY— Wheat. $7 60©9 60 for common to good.
$10 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50®3 M; Oat.
$6 6Ofr8; Alfnlfa, $3@7 CO per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, *4 50<g6 50: Wheat.
16 EOiffS; Clover. H 50g6; Alfalfa, $5©7: Barley.
)4 5i>ii6 CO per ton.
STRAW-2S@37Hc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new In this market.
BEANS— Bayou. J2 8o@3: Smali White. S3 2S«J
3 40; large White. S2 7o1?3: Pink. $2 59JT2 *J;
Red. $2 50@3; Blaekeye. *3 50®3 75; Butters
nominal; Lima. *3 3(XS5 40; I'ea. }3 405J3 SO; Red
Kidneys, $4fl>4 50. „ .
REEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flnx. *1 90@2 20; Canary. S%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; AlfaUa.
nominal: Ilnpe, 2%ff3c; Hemp. 434^c; Timo
thy. 4@44c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $2 2502 CO; Green. $2 2..
©2 10 per ctl. .:;. '.'.¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The feature of the Vegetable market Is the
scarcity in Tomatoes, which are said to be
dying on the Sacramento River. Other Vege
tables are weak and plentiful. Potatoes rule
firm, but Onions are easy.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks. 63<3S3c: New
Karly Rose, 30i@50c; New Burbanks, 301/ 73c per
ctL
ONIONS— New Red, 65®S0c; Yellow, $1@1 15
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, "3c@U P»r sack
for Vacaville 85c©Jl per crate for Berkeley
and $1 23«?1 75 for Alameda; Asparagus. 50c©
$1 75 per box for common to choice nnd %2*82
for fancy large; Green Peas, Jlffl 50 per sack;
String Beans, 14@2U.c: Cabbage, -ICguOc; Toma
toes, 7Sc9fl: Rivers," $1 50(02 50; Egg Plant, iff
Sc: Green Okra, 20c: Green Peppers. 5fI6c for
Chili and 4©So for Hell: Dried Peppers, 8® 10c;
Carrots. 25<g3So per sack; Hummer Squash. 2.">c
per box for Vacaville and 50^65c for Alameda;
Cucumbers, 505}G.">c for Alameda and 25(330c per
box for Marysvllle. new Garlic, 2®3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
A car of 'Eastern came In yesterday, but no
others are announced until the last of the week.
This is an off week, anyhow, as many people
will be out of town.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@l0c for Gobblers
and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 230
1 37V4; Goslings, $1 23®1 50; Ducks, $3@3 50 for
old and $3 5034 for young; Hens, WQ5; young
Roosters. $4 50<S6: old Roosters. $3 50-S4 50; Fry
ers. ?3 50tjt: Broilers. $3-?i3 50 for large and $20
2 50 for small: Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
old and $1 S.VTil DO for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
THJS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3. 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat—- . . July. Sept.
Opening ...6 2% 6 4 l i
Closing ..;.... 62H 6 3>i
10
NHW YORK. July ;.— With th» exception of
a brief period of depression at the opening In
rympathy wltSl torden quotations the etock
rr.arket was COMtStenUr strong throughout the
day and closf-d with th* pains well maintained
In nearly all eases. While the strength was
pretty well diffused the Grangers and Pacifies
¦rent the leadrr» at thf market both in point
of activity and strength. The news of rains
l»oth on Sunday and to-day in the spring wheat
T»pion was the principal factor in the advance,
us it was in the decline j -i the wheat market.
The weekly natii-Ucs of grain traffic received I
from Chicago emphasized the influence of the
news of the crop conuit'.rn. The deliveries of
Grain at Chicago showed a *tlll further in
crease ovw last v.eekV total and at G. 236.000
Lushcls were the largost <if the corresponding
iret-k In over five years, with the excoptionjof
last year, from which the laiilng oS was about
CJ per cent. The receipts r.t primary points i
FhoweJ only a ema!! decline from last week's |
larpc- arrri-gaie. The willingness thus fhown
by the farn:cn= to part with their wheat at
present prices sterns Bimewhat to discredit the
alanr.'.st it-port of the prcepectirc shortness of
the wheat crop.
The figures of the Isrre J-j!y disbursements
of dividends and Interact were 'another factor
of strength in the market. These are esti
mated variously at J100.000.Wt to IUO.000,000. It
If pointed out that a larger proportion than
ever before of these payments will remain in
thle country, owing to the large buying of
American securities from the margined holders
during the past year. There was no effect ap
parent in the money market from these <3Is
bucsemenu and, according to precedent there
liir.ei
»
IH W|
Ft. i
it, W
Ft. | ' 1
IH W|
Ft. f i
I Ft.
X ...
4 ...
s ...
h
>:S1
4:33
5:58
L W
f
3.7i »:i;
3.6 9:ol
3.31 10:3:
1.5 4:37
2.0 5:11
2.4 5:46
L W
t .r.
5.11 lt:iM'i
5.11 11:57
5.21
Ill W
, Z.3
l.i
« ...
7 ...
9 ...
d ...
0:30
l:3S
S:23l
3:071
1.5 T:2<;
1.0 »:34
0.4 1 9:3;
o.i; io:rj
3
5.3 11:211
3.4 12:1S|
3.« 1:1s!
4.0, 2:1S;
2.71 6:K
5.9 7:01
3.1 7:«j
3.2 S:2S
5.3
5.4
, 5.4
! 6.7
Steamer.
From
rue
Arcata !
Kureka I
W. H. Kru&er..|
Columbia I
Coos Bay I
Del Norte I
Wellington !
Warfleld I
|Coo» Bay
IHuznboldt
|San Psdro
I Portland
[Newport ..........
I Portland
IComox
.! Oyster Harbor
..JJuly S
. July 3
. July S
. July 4
. July ?
. July 4
.. July 4
..July 5
Orizaba |
Crescent Clty...i
IHumboldt
iCrescent City
,.|July 5
.[July 5
'T,,-:. «
Corona !
Umatllla
Point Anna |
Washtenaw ...,|
Proureso !
Tltanla I
KmplK j
ISan Diego
Victoria & Puget Sound
|Mendoclno
i Tacoma
iTacoma
iXanalmo
.|C.-)O3 Ray
..IJu'.y «
diJuly i
..[J.uly 5
.. July 4
.. July 6
.. July *
.. July 6
City H. Janeiro
iriv^.f Ilirhnr
Tellus
.'fiyster narDor
Newport ¦
..July 8
Universe
.'Oy.*t»r Harbor
Bonlta I
North Fork . . . !
State of Calif.. !
(Newport
I Ilumboldt
'Portland
..Ijuly 8
..IJuJy 9
.-!J.uiy 3
Steamer. | r>estl
lnatlo
on.
Si
,'9.
t Pier.
,^
W. Krug»r. Tlllarr
Santa Rosa.lSan D
North ForkiHumb
Eureka ...JHumb
"Walla WaLjVIc &
Nome City. Car* I
nook.
>lwro.
Solilt..
DOldt.
i Vet !
- JuJj
- Julj
. Julj
. Julj
. Jul3
.Uulj
3.
4.
4,
4,
n.'
3]
a
» ;
2
n
ta ;
I Pier 2
ilPler 11
(Pier 1
i Pter 13
ilPier a
Arcata 'Coos I
'oio.,- 7
P»rap!s iHarab
Del Xorte..!Portla
(Pier »
inrt. ..
; Pier it
i.Mii t5ay...i.^ewv><
Curacao ...jMexlc
7.
ijPler 11
d Pi»r Sa
Columbia JPortla
c i'ler 24
Orizaba .... ! Hllm^
IxildV.
St. Paul....|Cape !
. I Pier SI
Coror.a ...Jfnn D
Pt. Arfnft..!Poliit
Acapulco ..IN. Y.
Aren
v. Pe
.!Julj
JJui:
«» .
'Pi^r 12
iPMSS
Steamer. | r>estl
lnatlo
on.
Si
,'9.
t Pier.
,^
W. Krug»r. Tlllarr
Santa Rosa.lSan D
North ForkiHumb
Eureka ...JHumb
"Walla WaLjVIc &
Nome City. Car* I
nook.
>lwro.
Solilt..
DOldt.
i Vet !
- JuJj
- Julj
. Julj
. Julj
. Jul3
.Uulj
3.
4.
4,
4,
n.'
3]
a
» ;
2
n
ta ;
I Pier 2
ilPler 11
(Pier 1
i Pter 13
ilPier a
Arcata 'Coos I
'oio.,- 7
P»rap!s iHarab
Del Xorte..!Portla
(Pier »
inrt. ..
; Pier it
i.Mii t5ay...i.^ewv><
Curacao ...jMexlc
7.
ijPler 11
d Pi»r Sa
Columbia JPortla
c i'ler 24
Orizaba .... ! Hllm^
IxildV.
St. Paul....|Cape !
. I Pier SI
Coror.a ...Jfnn D
Pt. Arfnft..!Poliit
Acapulco ..IN. Y.
Aren
v. Pe
.!Julj
JJui:
«» .
'Pi^r 12
iPMSS
Steamer.
From
rue
Arcata !
Kureka I
W. H. Kru&er..|
Columbia I
Coos Bay I
Del Norte I
Wellington !
Warfleld I
|Coo» Bay
IHuznboldt
|San Psdro
I Portland
[Newport ..........
I Portland
IComox
.! Oyster Harbor
..JJuly S
. July 3
. July S
. July 4
. July ?
. July 4
.. July 4
..July 5
Orizaba |
Crescent Clty...i
IHumboldt
iCrescent City
,.|July 5
.[July 5
'T,,-:. «
Corona !
Umatllla
Point Anna |
Washtenaw ...,|
Proureso !
Tltanla I
KmplK j
ISan Diego
Victoria & Puget Sound
|Mendoclno
i Tacoma
iTacoma
iXanalmo
.|C.-)O3 Ray
..IJu'.y «
diJuly i
..[J.uly 5
.. July 4
.. July 6
.. July *
.. July 6
City H. Janeiro
iriv^.f Ilirhnr
Tellus
.'fiyster narDor
Newport ¦
..July 8
Universe
.'Oy.*t»r Harbor
Bonlta I
North Fork . . . !
State of Calif.. !
(Newport
I Ilumboldt
'Portland
..Ijuly 8
..IJuJy 9
.-!J.uiy 3
liir.ei
»
IH W|
Ft. i
it, W
Ft. | ' 1
IH W|
Ft. f i
I Ft.
X ...
4 ...
s ...
h
>:S1
4:33
5:58
L W
f
3.7i »:i;
3.6 9:ol
3.31 10:3:
1.5 4:37
2.0 5:11
2.4 5:46
L W
t .r.
5.11 lt:iM'i
5.11 11:57
5.21
Ill W
, Z.3
l.i
« ...
7 ...
9 ...
d ...
0:30
l:3S
S:23l
3:071
1.5 T:2<;
1.0 »:34
0.4 1 9:3;
o.i; io:rj
3
5.3 11:211
3.4 12:1S|
3.« 1:1s!
4.0, 2:1S;
2.71 6:K
5.9 7:01
3.1 7:«j
3.2 S:2S
5.3
5.4
, 5.4
! 6.7
AUCTION SALES
NEW YORK AUCTION CO.
I2O BATTERY STREET.
J. GOLLOEER, President.
Will Sell at Public Auction
1500 TENT3 ! 1510 T5KT3 ! 1*00 TESTS 1
ASSORTED.
ON PREMISES, 112 CLAY ST.. ON SATUR-
DAY. JULY 7, at 10 o'clock a. m.. in lots to
suit Or. inspection Friday. July 6. from - to
5pm. NEW YORK AL'CTION CO..
1 Auctioneers.Democrats to Organize.
A meeting of the organization commit
tee of the Democratic County Committee
was held last night at the office of An
drew G. Maguire in the Mills building.
Those present were: M. C. Hassett. Dx.
Scavengers Arrested.
Acting on , the instructions Issued by
Chief Sullivan a few days ago, the police
yesterday started in to arrest all scaven
gers who hail failed to properly cover and
zinc-line their wagons. Pietro Lulgi.Jo-
Beph Giovanni, R. Domlnlco, Frank Afer
etto and Paola Muzlo were arrested.
SAN BAFAEL'S CELEBRATION.
Preparations Being Made for the
Fourth of July.
Special DUpntch tt> The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 2.— Arrangements
for the coming Fourth of July have been
completed. The San Rafael Fire Depart-
Grant Still in Port.
The transport Grant with General Chaf
fee aboard still lies In the stream, pre
fumably waiting for repairs to be made
to the defective steam pipe which was the
caUF* of her being compelled to return to
the harbor Sunday night, after making a
hurried start for China. It Is expected the
tra.c£Dort will get away to-day.
Nolan Has Disappeared.
1 Andrew Flately and John Wright, charg
ed with assault to murder and robbery,
were dismissed by Judge Fritz yesterday.
They stabbed John C. Nolan and robbed
him of all; his coin on the Mission" road.
Nolan- has disappeared, arid as there was
not sufficient evidence against his assail
ants without his testimony, the Judge had
.to diarr* 1 " tha C2LS&.
All-Day Services on the Fourth.
The Penlel missions of this city and vi
cinity will unite in general service to
morrow, at the hall at 49 . Third street.
Services will begin at 10:30 a. m.. 2:30 p.
m. and 7:30 p. m. The latter Is not In
tended to take the place of the usual
meetings at the other two missions, on
Pine and Kearny and Pacific and Kearny
streets. Mr. and Mrs. Ferguson are st!il
in the city and will take part In the meei-
Battered a' Conductor.
J. F, Ewlng and James Terry, two
young men convicted of battering Con
ductor Sinclair of a Folsom-street car
and breaking his nose.' appeared for sen
tence before Judge Fritz yesterday. The
Judge sentenced each to pay a fine of $50,
with the alternative of serving fifty days
In Jail.
FATAL RAILROAD
ACCIDENT IN MONTANA
BUTTE, Mont., July 3.— A serious acci
dent occurred on the ; Montana Central
Railroad at Pranks Siding, twelve miles
from Butte, at 10 o'clock last night. In
which several people are reported to nave
been killed. A special train with doctors
has gone to. the scene. Six persons, seri
ously injured, have already been brought
to Butte and the train- returned for more.
Hibernians Will Celebrate.
All the preparations for the annual cele
bration and picnic t« be held by the An
cient Order of Hibernians of America at
Schuetzen Park to-morrow have been
completed. There Is every likelihood of a
very large -attendance, and every effort
will be made by the committees to fitting
ly entertain those ' who will be present.
Games, dances and an excellent open-air
concert are on the programme. There will
be Introductory remarks by J. J. Donohoe,
reading of the Declaration of Independ
ence, a poem by Charles D. South, orvtion
bv John O'Gara and singing of the "Star-
Spangled Banner." v
The entrle* for the eighteenth annual
petter and pointer puppy field trials, to
r>*> h^M enfier the au5plce* of the Pacific
CnaFt Field Trial Club, have been filed
With Albf-rt BMz, the necretary and treas
urer of the rlub. They are as follows:
6*tter»-Linv!l!e'» Mapgrb* F: R. P. Schwe
rln'e P»»rh Ftrm»; Vaft Anxlale** Count
?¦¦¦-•¦ Fhadow and Peach Blossom ; H. S.
jv»rh'» sir Mark: P.. Chrlrten»on'i« Joe Cum
rr.lrur'i> Boy; J. E. Terry'* I<«4y: H. L.. B»then'»
OutcaFt: Stock^a!* Kennel*' I'each Mark II:
I>r. E. C. \\ .!.... n > fAlimrT W; Joseph
fci?yrer> lx-mon Ear anil Stanford; Mountain
View K*>nr,e!*' fport Maria; Max Abramn' un
named ar.3 T. J. Watson"* unnamed. I Pointers
—Henry Sfhock'* L^ad; II. S. Peach'e Doctor
Daataf: L. p. Vpson'* Upton N; J. B. Cole
man* General Ticker; Tod Sloan's Prince;
Ftockdsie Kennel*' Bow> Pon. Cub.Vi Zef,,
J'rije of Ftockiiale, Howdy and Petronella; R.
M. IXAge-r Ion and Doc: F. W. Emery'*
jTonto; Clinton E. Worden'* Alberta and
JVarl's Jingle; Mountain View Kennels' Fan
Go.
The place of holding the trtal Is being
debated at present. It 1* more than likely
that H.',k«--rsH*>id will give way to San
J_>iego thi* year.
ENTRIES FOR THE PUPPY
FIELD TRIALS CLOSED
F. A. Taylor appeared yesterday after
noon with his counsel. D. J. Murphy, be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock for Identification as the neces
sary preliminary step to his examination
on the charge of stealing gold bullion from
tho Mint. Mrs. Octavia McFarland, who
was on his bond as surety In the sum of
$200"). withdrew from the bond, and a new
bond for 12000 was given, with Mrs. Viola
Allen and J. K. Prior as sureties. Friday
at 10 a. m. was fixed as the time for the
preliminary examination.
The examination of Harry Perry, alias
Joseph A. Stokes, charged with passing a
counterfeit half-dollar at the Union Cours
ing Park, was set for next Saturday.
United States Secret Service Agent
Hazen received a dispatch yesterday
morning from Santa Rosa announcing that
City Marshal Charles Holmes, had arrest
ed Walter Walters for passing counterfeit
nickels. Mr. Hazen swore to a complaint
against Walters on Information and be
lief.
HAZEN'S QUARRIES
BEFORE THE- COURT
The Sempervirens • Club Wants a
Great Redwood Park in This
Locality.-,-.'. .:
The Sempervirens Club, the object of
which Is to preserve the splendid redwood
forests In what is known as the "Big Ba
sin," situated In Santa Cruz and Santa
Clara counties, held its second meeting
last night at the Palace Hotel. Charles
Wesley Reed presided, Mrs. iCarrie Ste
vens Walter acting as secretary. A com
mittee* composed of W. W. Everett, J. S.
Burnell, Marsden Manson and F. L.
Clarke reported favorably upon the feasi
bility and desirability of achieving • tha
object of the club. The report was adopt
ed, and Mr. Everett, who Is the Govern
ment agent of the Bureau of Forestry on
this coast, was authorized to represent
the organization at Washington.
The redwood tract comprises about
12,000 acres, of which 3(300 are Government
land. It is the. purpose of the organiza
tion to induce the Government to with
draw this land from the market and set
it aside as a park; also to find means to
secure the remainder of acreage, which Is
held by about forty people. It was an
nounce'd that the Santa Clara Game and
Fish Protective Association, the San Jose
Women's Club and the San Jose Cross
Country Club had decided to Join the
club In a body.
Dues were nxed at $1 per year, with the
provision that a donation 'to the treasury
entitles the giver to membership. Presi
dent Reed appointed the following finance
committee: J. F. Coope (chairman).
Judge R. Ross. Redwood City: Andrew B.
Hill. Mrs. Carrie Stevens Walter. Elliott
McAllister of the Sierra Club, Mrs. E.
Shafter Howard. Herman Bchussler and
H, R. Judah. \V. W. Richards was named
as member at large. The club feels con
fident of success. It adjourned to meet on
Monday. August 6. promising to accom
plish Important work before that time.
TO SAVE THE SPLENDID
FORESTS AT BIG BASIN
Date Fixed for Yacht Race for the
Macdonough Cup — Counties to
Be Represented.
Next Thursday night the chairmen and
vice chairmen of the several sub-commit
tees of the Admission day celebration
will meet for the purpose of arranging
the plans for carrying into effect all the
details that have been suggested. It is
probable that then there will be a definite
idea of the grandeur of the festival.
Representatives of the Interstate Yacht
Association met in conference last even
ing with the regatta committee and an
nounced that the yachts under the con
trol of the association will make a dis
play, on the day of the regatta, but will
not race for the Macdonough cup on that
day, but will on the following days. This
met with the views of the committee.
The Native Sons of Yuba County, com
prising parlors from Marysville, Wheat
land and Camptonville, have had a con
ference as to combining forces for a
grand display. It is proposed to arrange a
float advertising the vast resources of
Yuba County.
The members of Hanford Parlor. Tulare
County, have decided to attend the gath
ering In a body, and the valley towns
adjoining have arranged to exhibit a ser
ies of floats symbolical of the great re
sources of the San Joaquln Valley.
Cave No. 1 Curly Bears of Nevada City
will open headquarters In San Francisco
on Admission day.
Bear Flag Parlor of Petaluma has been
notified to parade with Rincon Parlor of
San Francisco. The members will par
ade In blue serge coats, blue trousers
with white trimmings and white caps.
They will have a military band of twenty-
Mve pieces, a drill corps and a float.
Quartz Parlor of Grass Valley has da
clded to attend In a body. There are over
200 members. In Quartz Parlor and It Is
expected that over 160 will be In line.
National Parlor of this city has adopted
the following uniform: black silk, shirt,
yellow Windsor tie, yellow sash, black
trousers with gold braid on sides, soft
felt black hat with yellow ribbon.
Grand Trustee George A. Radcllff has
secured headquarters at the Eugene, 267
O'Farrell street.
The Santa Cruz parlors will all be unit
ed and from Watsonvllle alone 150 will
be In line, accompanied by a fine band.
PROGRESS OF THE
JUBILEE CELEBRATION
E. J. Becker Receives Nine Wounds.
but None Is Considered to Be
Dangerous.
E. J. Becker, bartender in the Louvre,
Powell and Eddy streets, met with an
ugly customer early yesterday morning
In the person of Joseph Breseneo. a Mexi
can porter. Breseneo entered the saloon
about 6 o'clock and asked for a glass of
beer. Becker told him that he did not
sell any liquor till 7 o'clock and the Mexi
can became abusive, calling Becker all
sorts of vile names. Becker stood his
abuse as long as he could, and stepped In
front of the bar to put Breseneo out As
he did so Breseneo made a pass at the
bartender's face. Becker sidestepped and
landed on Breseneo's Jaw, but slipped ana
fell.
Breseneo jumped on top of Becker, and.
pulling a knife out of his pocket, slashed
at his face and body. Becker succeeded
In throwing him off, and he ran for the
door. Becker caught him and held him
by the wrists till two men came to his
assistance. Policeman Keyes was sent for
and Breseneo was taken to . the City
Prison, where a charge of assault to mur
der was booked against him. The knife
was held as evidence.
Becker was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where It was found that he had
been cut nine times. There was a cut In
his nose, one In his left eyelid, one an
Inch to the right of the left nipple, three
In the left side, one In the left shoulder
and two In the left side of the back. They
are not dangerous, but Becker lost con
siderable blood.
. Breseneo appeared In Judge Mogan's
court, yesterday morning. As no com
plaint was on file the case was continued
until July 9.
BARTENDER CUT BY A
MURDEROUS MEXICAN
Isaac W. Bain, who, with the able as
sistance of Grace Allison, swindled a large
number of men through his matrimonial
bureau and twice served terms In San
Quentin for sending illegal matter
through the malls, has been arrested In
Cleveland, Ohio, on a similar charge. He
was there masquerading under the name
of "M. H. Ross," and claimed to be an
attorney. V.-'-
Captain Seymour noticed a dispatch In
the papers from Cleveland on June 11
about the arrest, and suspecting that the
man was Bain communicated with the
Cleveland authorities and forwarded a
photograph. He received a photograph of
"Ross^ from Cleveland yesterday, and,
sure enough. It was Bain's.
A photograph of a woman who has.
taken the place of Mrs. Allison was also
sent, but the police have failed to Iden
tify her as yet, although it Is believed
she belongs In this city.
MATRIMONIAL BAIN
ARRESTED IN OHIO
Unknown Drowned Man.
OAKLAND, July 2.—The body of an un
known man was found floating In the
bay near the .Oakland pier this morning.
The body was so badly decomposed as to
be unrecognizable, and there was nothing
by which It could be identified. The man
was about 45 years of age. 5 feet 9 inches
in height and weighed lio pounds. Ther»
were no signs of foul play.
John Lee Convicted on Charges of
Battery and Disturbing the
Peace.
John Lee. who lives at 179 Harriet
street, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday to answer charges of battery and
disturbing the peace. He was convicted
on both charges and ordered to appear for
sentence to-day.
Saturday night Lee and his wife had a
dispute about $9. He struck her, knock-
Ing her down, and then Jumped on her
chest. When she got to her feet she
rushed out of the house, pursued by Lee.
who chased her through Columbia square
and shied pieces of wood at her as she
ran. He was arrested by Policeman Rior
dan.
Lee testified that he struck his wife be
cause she "Jawed" him. He would not
put up with It and was sorry he had not
commenced to train her properly fifteen
years ago, when they were married.
Mrs. Lee, a quiet little woman, was in
court with one of her children. She posi
tively swore that her husband Jumped '>n
her chest after knockinp her down and
that she was still suffering from the
pain.
CHASTISED MS WIFE
FOR "JAWING" HIM
Gather at Headquarters and Amuse.
Themselves With Song and
Story.
There must have been some Impatient
c:r;f-T* around the restaurants last even
irg. for it seemed as if every waiter in
town •was at the Waiters' Club house on
Eti ckt«n street to entertain the crowd
that *2s there or applaud those who did
ci;t€rtain, or even to make one more of
ihfr throng that eat and smoked and
crank and made merry as «f there was
»icver such a thing as work in the world.
w\ mire Bohemian gathering could hardly
If brought together, and a better tim«
tnan »m there could hardly be con-
CfiveJ.
Proceedings opened with the installation
ot the recently elected otticers. These are:
Oi-orgt W. Howe, president; Charles
Mackenzie, vice president; Charles
buckles, treasurer; W. E. Collins, re
cording secretary; Jose;.h Trent, hnan
c-ial ***cr€'tary. and William Ougan. \\ 11-
U*va 'Jilrrore. William Harvey. J. J. Jar
vis. Edward Kir.ff. Alfred Coombs and
liouis Richter. directors.
It t"f,k but a short time to install the
ottu erw, and then the meeting set out for
amusffflpnt. It was forthcoming in plenty,
and it ».a* not early when the tlrst was
willing to leave.
II. J Xn<z.-r was sire, and he called
t:iK>n thfr iic-w president. Oeorge Howe, to
«jprn the evening's programme. Presi
dent Row* to the point. He out
lined the organization of the Pacific
Coast Wai-T- Association three years
iigo. and o>si nheii Kb prowth since then.
lt*» said it hs-i elevated the waiter and
had secured bett«T service for the era
j'ioj^r. and it h:A ',:i it every clement of
ftrwsf as an orcar.-.zatlon. social and pro
ur.ivp. Rowe's address was a serious
one. and after hf> had finish<»d the gather
iri? Uetonk itself to iiehtpr things. There
v.< re BOnci by Edw.-rd Varrcw. Jack Fyt
ton. E. W. Hess ani L. j. Harris. Harris
took fr.r his theme *.h<? <l;sajipointed hope?
cf the aspirant for t!.t Presidency; and
in tuneful rhym* he car<;<d the wort of
the drUnted for thr- *'iificatlon and
iin'jfemor.t of the audler.ee.
Julius Kahn was thr-re. » r .o, and he con
tributed to the general onfrtainment
«1th some of his best stories and recita
tions. Harry Becker, a papt president of
th«? Cooke' Association, spoke a word for
the conks, and President Logan of the
Cooks' ApHOciatinn added another. There
v as boxing by John Bailey an.i Frank
Hrennan. Oeoripe N'ewborry and Jack
Frnith. more song's, more recitations and
more stories, ana bo the waiters brjrulled
the hours between quitting time and time
to po to work, for In sooth there were
many who had but little sleep last night.
They had too eood a time at the head
quarter*, and no one. blamed them be
cause they hat^d to leave.
WAITERS ENJOY A FULL
NIGHT OF ENTERTAINMENT
Drawings for Fourth of July and
Midweek Reserve Cards at
Union Park.
A four days' coursing feast has been
prepared by the Union Park Association
for this week. On Wednesday, the Fourth
of July, a pixty-four-'dog stake will be run
off completely, and on the day following
a stake of similar magnitude, both as to
prize and entries, will be substituted for
j the Friday coursing, which was originally
i scheduled. The end of the week, Satur
day and Sunday, will furnish a big 12S-dog
stake.
Regular Sunday train service will be
furnished on the Fourth. On Thursday
there will be the regular 10:15 train to the
park. The special Fourth of July stake
draw is: >.."
J. Maher <nam«*) Swedish Imp v#. H. Lyncb's
Lexington; KuFsell. Allen & Wllson'e Ropy
Clalr vs. Curtis & Son*' Cavalier: P. Brophy's
Ikr.iMa Boy vs. J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson;
Iiartelf Bros. 1 B»er Brewer ve. C. O. Peter
son's Silver Cinu<l; M. Michallkl's Terronite vs.
J. J. Kenny's Hot Has>te: A. Johnson's Lowlan
<Jer vs. Pasha Kennele" Kest Assured; H. E. de
B. Lopei & Son's Wattle Blossoms vn. E. Fal
k.n'e Lady of the West; J. Chambille's Hot
Foot v*. Russell. Allen & Wilson' e Magic; H.
Lynch's Lottie M vs. Parkinson & Murphy's
Crawford Lass; J. Holden's Scottish Chief vs.
J. J. Kenny's Winning Lassie; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Victor Boy vs. D. Ford's Bonlta;
C. W. Bonner's Wild Nora v«. Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist: R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Wandx
v*. W. Cramer's Onward; M. C. Mack's Delia
M ve. B. MeCabe's Bony Boy: Captain Clark
eon's Golden Garter ve. J. R. Smith's Lady
Sears; Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening vs.
Barrels Bros." Best Bargain: E. & R. Scott's
Lord Byron vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady-
Emma; D. Winders' (names) Risky Attempt vs.
E. M. KellOBK's Ben's Babe; F. Schou's
King's Borderer vs. P. J. Rellly's Ploughboy;
I>. Toiande Pleasant Girl vs. P. McCabe'g Sky
j Blue; D. Cheller's' Golden Russet vs. Pasha
| Kennels' May Hempstead: Curtis & Sons' Nar
j cissus v». J. Dickson's Lady Bess; D. Toland's
Twilight Jr. v«. Curtis & Sons' McKlnley; G.
Abercromble's Rock Island King vs. Russell,
Allen A. Wilson's Miss Allen: George Sharman's
(nameg) Walt a Bit vs. Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara; J. Dean's (names) Lady Claire vs.
Captain Kane's Master Davenport; Sullivan &
Trainor's Castle Island Boy vs. Captain Kane's
Greenhall; A. L. Austin's Thorndale vs. N. P.
Whltlns'* St. Anthony: Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal vs. !/)»« & Thompson's Scotch
Reel; George Nethercott's Floodgate vs. R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Minnie Wa Wa; J. II. Per
igo's Bone vs. Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer:
F. A. McCdmb's Motto vs. Bartels Bros.' Beuy
Barrow. ¦,* ' . '. • '
Thursday midweek reserve stake draw,
sixty-four entries. Is as follows:
D. K. Carter's High Jink* vs. Gus Aber
cromble's Hrma: T. J. Cronin's Daisy Day vs.
! J. O. Dowd's Shoot Over; J. H. W. Muller's
Crul?er vs. W. C. Glasson's Santonin; J. H.
P«rlgo's Controller vs. Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas;
J. Monahan's Tired Out vs. R. P. Jullen's
Hweet Music: Aeneld Kennels'\ Maid of Erin
ve. K. M. Kellogg** Lady Glllmore; H. A.
I>e<-kelnian's Lady Rocket vs. D. Dillon's
i Prince George; J. M. Halten's (names) Tic Tac
! v*. E. Geary's America: J. E. Monahan's Tara
; liill vs. Maher & Reid's Singleton; J. Hurley's
i o K Capitol vs. CaDtaln Clarkson's Flower
of Gold: G. Welch's Little Lucy vs. J. Smith's
i Marter Workman; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells
i v* J. Carroll's Blue Stone; W. J. Cairnes*
] Impor'.al vs. Van d>r Burg's Kitty V.; J.
Hums' Eleven Spot vs. J. Dennis' October
Woodcork: P. C. Blaick'a Yellow Tall vs. Nell
B<B«'s Bo Peep; D. F. Jackson's Turquoise
j vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild Traiee; E. Geary's
| Bonnie Pa*ha vs. E. Tolan's (names) Hard
L1n^s: H. Robin (names) Corooado vs. J. J.
Adarr.*' Morning Glory; H. A. Deckelman's
| Snap Fhot vj.. j. Carroll's Red Hind; A. L.
j Austin's Nora Lawrence vs. Erwln & Lyon't
Pllver Lyon: George Buehn's Aloha vs. J.
Burns' Olympus; Pasha Kennels' Roustabout
vs. P^ IMngten (names) Storm King; A. Vail
der Burg's Naughty Girl vs. H. W. Rene's
Nancr R.; J. Burns' Battle Ship vs. Sterl &
Knowle's Frosty Morn: J. Hurley's Shylock
Boy vs. J. McEnroe'* Admiral Sampson; P. C
Ulake'si La Rosa. Souvenir vs. J. J. Kenny's
Winning Lassie; J. Carrol's Erin's Hope vs.
E. M. KelloKg's Hummer: J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill vs. P. O'Dow'g Cascade; J. J. Edmond's
Go On rs. J. J. Edmond's Whiskey Hill: A. L.
Austin's Lob Angeles vs. D. Dillon's Dew Drop;
R. 8trahl's Three Cheers vs. A. L.' Austin's
Firm Foe; 3. Hurley's. Hurricane vs. E. Frank'B
Loiterer.
BIG COURSING STAKES
WILL BE RUN THIS WEEK
Ruby Bennicker Seriously Injured in
First Accident on Sansome-
Street Line.
Little Ruby Bennicker, a child 7 years
of age, residing at 221 Broadway, met with
a pitiful accident yesterday afternoon.
The little one was struck by an electric
car and had both legs crushed. One of
them was amputated by the Receiving
Hospital surgeons, and the physicians
have only a slight hope of saving the
other. " The remarkable feature of the ac
cident was the wonderful endurance dis
played by the Injured child before and
after she had been placed on the operat
ing table. V v
Ruby, In company with Irene Trucco.
another girl about her own age, started
to cross bansome street, wnen their
progress was stopped by two electric cars
coming from opposite directions. The
child who received the terrible injuries
was warned not to attempt to pass over
the tracks, but she paid no heed to the
warning. The car running in the direction
of Market street was almost upon her,
and she jumped back on the other track
to save herself. Hardly had she done so
when the northbound car. No. 1113. felled
her, and before it could be stopped the
heavy wheels had passed over her legs.
Motorman P. Demara was immediately
arrested and charged with battery.
The fact that the car that crushed the
child was laboring up a steep hill at the
time of the accident led many to believe
the motorman could have stopped sooner,
but eye-witnesses all agree that the thing
was done in the twinkling of an eye.
and that no blame should be placed upon
the employe. After the Injured child was
gicked tin she displayed unusual courage,
he never lost consciousness, and sub
mitted to the operation with wonderful
grit. The physicians are unable to state
whether or not she will survive her in
juries. The accident was almost similar
in character to that which maimed liAle
Lilly Kopp on Bryant street last week.-
CHILD MANGLED UNDER
HEAVY ELECTRIC CAR
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, July 2.
A steam macadamizing roller at work
on Kennedy street in East Oa.kland ran
over and crushed to death little BIrdio
Louise Huhs, the six-year-old daughter
of Henry Huhs of Kennedy street, this
afternoon.
George A. Cook, the engineer of the ma
chine, came to the police station this
evening and surrendered himself. He
was charged with manslaughter and re
leased on his own recognizance.
The street at the point where the ac
cident occurred is being macadamized by
the Standard Improvement Company. The
big roller has been a constant source of
amusement and Interest to the children
of the neighborhood. Engineer Cook says
that to this fact Is due the death of the
little girl. Just before the hour for stop
ping work this evening Cook says that
he stopped the roller for a moment, arid
the children, thinking he was going ahead
crowded about the rear. He reversed the
engine and the little girl was caught un
der the roller and her llffi crushed out.
The little brother of the dead girl says
that ho and his sister were riding on the
back of the roller and that when the
engine was reversed the shock threw her
off under the roller.
"I did not know that an accident had
happened," said the engineer, "until tho
little girl had passed under the roller.
Then the shouts and cries of the children
about the machine attracted my atten
tion, and I saw that I had run over one
of them and crushed her to death. It
was a terrible shock to me. but I saw
that the little one was already dead. I
have been apprehensive that there might
be an accident ever since I have been at
work there. I did not see the accident
and could not have done so, because the
roller was going backward at the time."
Six- Year-Old Birdie Louise
Huhs Is Instantly
Killed.
LITTLE GIRL IS
CRUSHED UNDER
STEAM ROLLER
ment has taken the matter in charge and
the city is insured a proper celebration of
the day? The officers of the day will be:
President of the day. T. B. Almy; grand
marshal, J. J. Murray; aids to marshal, S.
A. I'acheco, F. Sals, M. Butler, S. Rich
ardson. I-. A. Hughes: fire queen. Miss
Lucy Martinez; Company E>. Fifth Regi
ment, Second Brigade, X. Q. C, Captain
V*. Q. B. Cheda commanding, will also
participate, as well as Mt. Tamalpais
Parlor No. 64, N. S. G. W. The San Ka
fael Fire Department will be under the
direction of M. J. Johansen. After the
parade on Fourth street a free picnic will
be held at San Rafael Park, where music
and dancing will be participated In.
Chris Hansen Is Instantly
Killed and Harry Bryan
Badly Injured.
-j-+ —
ALAMEDA. July 2.— While working
with a gang of laborers employed In Hay
& Wripht's shipyards at Alameda Point
this afternoon Chris Hansen was crushed
to death under some heavy timbers which
fell from a flatcar. Harry Bryan was so
seriously Injured about the body by the
falling "lumber that he Is not likely to
recover and other workmen had a narrow
escapes.
When the accident occurred the men
.were about to remove the timbers from
the flatcar with a derrick. They did not
take the necessary precautions and the
timber toppled off on the men standing
alongside the car. Hansen had no chance
for escape. He was struck on the head
and body by a joist, his skull being frac
tured In a fearful manner. ¦
Bryan was struck and pinioned to the
ground by another joist. The weight of
the timbers rested on his cheat, injuring
him Internally. He was removed to the
Fabiola Hospital for treatment.
The body of Hansen was removed to the
Alameda branch morgue. He leaves a
wife and several children and a father
and mother. He was 24 years of age.
Bryan is a resident of Oakland and Is
about 23 years old. •:,
FALLING TIMBER
CRUSHES OUT A
LABORER'S LIFE
Touches on Women's Clubs by Way
of Preface to Lecture on
"The Novel."
Henry Austin Adams made a last refer
ence to the women's clubs controversy at
the beginning of his lecture on "The
Novel" at Metropolitan Temple last night,
and being accused of Idealism quoted Nik
ola Tesla, the materialist, in support of
his position.
"My correspondence for the last few
days." the lecturer said, "has been very
interesting. I have here letters from
eleven physicians who thank me for what
1 have said and offer me assistance in the
way of details. One lady writes that the
trouble with mo is that I am a churchman
and cannot take a scientific view of the
situation. Last night I was reading Nik
ola Tesla in the June Century- Now. he
Is materialistic and scientific enough to
satisfy my correspondent, and here is
what "he says In that article: 'The society
life, modern education and pursuits of
women, tending to draw them away from
their household duties and make men out
of them, must needs detract from the ele
vating ideal they represent, diminish the
artistic creative power and' cause sterillty
and a general weakening of the race." "
The lecture was given for the benefit of
the Francesca Training School, connected
with St. Ignatius Church, and the Temple
was crowded.
HENRY AUSTIN ADAMS
QUOTES NIKOLA. TESLA
Bitten by a Big Dog.
Christopher Coghlan. a boy of jfven
years, residing at 37 Clarence plnce, was
severely bitten by a big dog In Townsend
street, last night. His lower Hd was
nearly chewed off and there were several
bad lacerations about the face. Dr. Har
vey treated the child's wounds.
Two Cases of "Man-Bite."
Peter J. Stelnman. £5 Pine street. cal>d
at the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon to have one of hL=? fingers dressed.
He had quarreled with the gardener at
his home, ami during a fight the gardener
gr>t Steinman's linger in his mouth and
bit It. About an hour later Frank -Mc-
Carthy. S20 Mission street, called to have
his left arm dressed. Two men were
fighting on Townsend street and he went
between them, when one of them bit hi9
left arm. <"•
Generous People Adding to the Sub
scriptions Received by Fire
Chief Sullivan.
The Sweeney fund grows larger each
flay. Residents of this city and. in fact.'
throughout the State, continue to send in
ihoir subscriptions so that the widow and
children of the brave fireman will not
want. Chief Sullivan received the follow
ine additional amounts yesterday:
L. L». Syle. X: Henry Callaghan. |3;
Willing Giver. Jl; Carl Elsenscnlmel. JJ:
Mrs. John Roberts $10; Eagle Fire Com
pany. I'kiah. $.",; Hose Company 3. Peta
uima. $.".; Hook and Ladder Company 1.
Petaluma. IT»: Code. Portwood & Co.. JT>:
Enjrine Company 6 and Chemical Com
pany tf, J23 4'»; J. H. Drews. 5o cent.-*: J.
Marriano. 2T» cents; Engine Company 7.
$10: Truck Company 4. Ji2; Engine Com
pany S, Jin; i>. i. Mahorey. $3. Previously
acknowledged, 13213 W; total received Df
Chief Sullivan. J.1317 5J: received from ott>
er sources. $."{370 2). Graad total. *¦«>*.* 73.
In addition it 13 estimated that the re
ceipts from the sale of tickets to the
Grand Opera-house benefit will be fully
$700.
SWEENEY FUND STILL
CONTINUES TO GROW
chance? are r.'.nety-nlne to one
j that Crimmins and Kelly are eneageJ
<\ in *cme crooked work in connection
with the Fourth Congressloral Dis
\rm Republican Convention. There was
b, meeting of the Kc-lly-Crimmins pnmmlt
x»-f at A. narrard'i office. In the Parr<->tt
1 uildlrg. last Saturday night. Postal cards
which were sent out to commSttt-emen an
ur.ced that the business was important.
Yesterday P. H. Prenderg-ast went to Sac
ramento arid presented to the Secretary nt
State*! office a petition of the Fourth Con
gressional District Committee for a place
upnn the official ballot. The Call's in
formation Is to the effect that Kelly and
irimmlns want u convention composed of
<; I'cates other than those who shall be
thosen to the State Convention from that
district. In other words, the bosses want
a separate convention. The fact that Kelly
erl Crirr.mins want something of this
k';: d is sufficient proof that a scheme, cor
r - :;>t and vile, !s contemplated.
The petition, which contains the usual
clause for holding a Congressional con
venlion; was received yeFterday by Dep
uty Secretary of State Hoesch. but was
i ot ni*-<i. Charles K. Curry. Secretary of
Ftatc. being in San Francisco when the
I clition was presented, was not fully ad
vised of its contents. It makes no differ
ence, however, what the petition repre
*'-ms. as the Secretary of State has
reached the conclusion that the Congrcs-
Fi'.nal committee recently appointed at
h.icramento is not the governing body of
the party in the Fourth District. He
: .. v-fc.r.- that the committee created by
t:.- convention of lv:<>. which nominated
Julius Kahn. holds office under the elec
tion law until the convention to nom
ir.ste a candidate for Congress assembles
in ::¦*». It is Hdmitted that the old com
mittee and the one recently appointed are
both controlled by the same bosses.
The notice sent out for a meeting at
Barnard's office last Saturday night pur
ported to emanate from Joseph b. Spear
Jr.. chairman of the committee. The pe
tition presented t'i the Secretary of State
Is signed by Archibald Barnard as chatr
r.:an and P. H. Prer.dergast as secretary.
Mr. Sp^ar is not in the city and did not
call ihp Saturday nipht meetinp. It is
TT^Fumed that A. Barnard, who now signs
6? <-hairman. was elected to fill that posl
ticn at the noting Saturday night.
The committee chosen at the late Sac
ramento convention to represent the R*»-
Fublicans of the district consisted of the
ollowir.g: Joseph 8. Spear. P. H. Pren
derpraM. A. Barnard. Dr. P. A. Kearney,
Jacb Lev! Jr.. A. Ruef. William Howe.
Jarr.^s MrCahe. Albert Houston. R. H.
"William?. Jamfs Fallon, J. A. Hoey. J. F.
Fulllvan. M. Smith. Dr. D. Lustig, Martin
Brady. J H. Nelson and James McNair.
It is understood that live of the com
mittee, nr.mely Jacob Levl Jr.. A. Ruef,
J. A. Hoey. J. F. Sullivan and J. H. N'H
pon, do not take orders from Martin
Kelly or Phil Crtmmins. Mike Smith is
at Cape Nome, where orders cannot reach
Tfcer* is r.o contest for the Republican
r.omination for Congress in the Fourth.
It is a-irr.ined that Julius Kahn will be
rcnomlnatcd without opposition. leading
r.:ru of the party are surprised that a
plan should be presented for elect Ine a
toparate convention in a district where
Kelly and Crimmins Offer a Republican Peti
tion—The Secretary of State Declines
to File the Document.
In the Seventh district the Democrats
talk of nominating: L. J. Maddux, a law
ver of Modesto. . to run aealnst J. C.
Needham. »he proposed Republican nomi
nee for Congress.
Delegates elected to the State conven
tion from the First. Second. Fifth. Sixth
and Seventh Congressional districts will
comprise nominating conventions in their
respective districts.
The State commiue was advised yester
day that a petition had been presented for
a separate convention in the Fourth Dis
trict. This Intelligence created surprise,
as no one had heard of a contest In the
Fourth.
Yesterday the Republican State Central
Committee placed in the hands of the
Secretary of State petitions to elect dele
pates to State and district conventions.
The committee is officially advised thai
separate delegates, to comprise a Con
gressional convention, will be chosen In
the Third District. The Metcalf-Dalton
controversy is so bitter in that district
that settlement outside of the State con
vention is deemed desirable.
The Republican County Commltte will
not meet to-morrow night, but the mem
bers will be called together In ample time
to frame the petition to participate In the
primary election August 14. Revision of
ths mils by residents of each precinct
will be directed by the committee in dis
tricts where complaints of fraud and
bneus enrollments are made. In districts
other than the Twenty-eighth, Twenty
ninth Forty-third and Forty-fifth
Kelly and Crimmins did not make much
of an effort to enroll the riff-raff of the
Mint saloon. Independent Republicans of
the Twenty-ninth assert that they will be
able to down the bosses at the primary
election. There is a strong and growing
sentiment In the committee against any
form of compromise with Kelly and Crim
mins.
pate in the Coming Primary
Election.
Republicans File Petitions to Partici-
PROGRESS OF CAMPAIGN "WORK
there is no contest and no elgrn of one.
The Inference is that the vile bosses ot
the Mint saloon want to stand up Kahn
anil make him pay In coin or degrading
promises for the nomination. Perhaps
th^re is a scheme hatching to "touch"
tferrfn.
The bossrs. no doubt, apprehend that
the clean, independent Republicans resid
ing in the Fourth District have resolved
to send to the State convention men of
character ami intelliKence. who will not
deprade themselves by taking orders from
Phil Crimmins or Martin Kelly. If a
separate convention be not called dele
gates elected to the State convention from
that district will appoint the Congres-
Flor.al committee or gnvfrninK body of the
district, ami the committee so appointed
will serve for two years. In order tp
cheat the good citizens of the party a
sideshow is proposed by the bosses. In
cJtientally the nominee for Congress will
be "stood up" for as much as he can pro
duce, and then the side convention will
name a committee to stand up some one
else two years hence. If the Secretary of
Pt.ite fails to defeat the scheme bv throw
ing out the Kelly-Orimmins petition the
resolute citizens of the district should
orcanire forthwith and elect anti-boss
delegates to the Congressional district
convention.
Bosses Scheming for Separate
Convention to Nominate Can
didate for Congress.
CROOKED WORK IN
FOURTH DISTRICT
BERLELEY, July J.-Twenty-one addi
tional schools have been accredited this
year to the University of California. The
complete list, as issued by Recorder James
Sutton this morning, is as follows:
Alameda County Union No. I. Alameda
County Union No. 3. Alam,- '.a. Alhambra, Arca
ta. Armljo Union. Auburn. lierkeley. Cajon Val
ley Unton. Citrus Union. Colton. Colu«a. Dlxon
Union, Elk Grove Union, Escondldo. Esparto
Union, Eureka, Fresno, KullTtrn Union. Uil
roy. Hnnford Union. IleaMsburr. Holltster.
Kern County. Livermore. Lotli. l*impoc I'fcion.
Long Beach, Los Angeles. Low Hatos. Lowell.
Uarjrsville. Mendocino. Mercd. M!5«iort. Mo
desto, Monrovia, Napa, National City. »va'la
City. Oakdale Union. Oakland Oroville Union.
Pacific Grove. Pasadena. Pa»o Robles. Peta
luma. Pierce Joint L'tiion. Polytechnic (San
Francisco). Pomona City. Portervllle, Red
Bluff Union. Redlands Union, Riverside, Sacra
mento, St. Helena Union, Salinas. San Ber
nardino, San Diego. San Fernando Union. San
Francisco Girls'. San Jose. San Luis Oblspe.
San Rafael. Santa Ana. Santa Barbara. Santa
Clara. Santa Crur. Santa Maria. Santa Monica.
Santa Paula Union, Santa Rc*a. Selma Union.
Sequoia Union, Slskiyou County. Sonoma Val
ley Union. Stocktcn. Tulare. Ukiah. Vacavllle
Union. Vallejo. Ventura. Visalla. Watsonvllle.
Willows Union. Winter* Union. Woodland.
Other schools' accredited are as follows: Bel
mont School, Boone's University Academy, Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts, Chaffey Col
lege. Hamlln School. Miss Head's School.
Hoitt's School. Irving Institute, Mills ColleRe.
Mount Tarnalpais Military Academy. Academy
of Notre Dame. San Jose; College of Notre
Dame. San Francisco: College of Notre Dame.
San Jose; Peraita Hall. St. Matthew's School.
St. Vincent's College. Santa Barbara Collegiate
School. Throop Polytechnic Institute. Trinity
School. Wa?hbum School and WhltUer College,
preparatory department.
Recorder Sutton Issues a List of
Institutions Whose Graduates
May Enter Berkeley With
out Examination.
Twenty-One New Prepara
tory Academies Placed
on the List.
MANY SCHOOLS
ACCREDITED TO
THE UNIVERSITY
T. B. Leland. Samuel Braunhart. P. J.
Torrjulty. Thomas E. Curfan and G. W.
McGllvray. Andrew CI. Mapuire was elect
ed president and Thomas E. Curran sec
retary. Plans were discussed for the or
ganization of the party In the various dis
tricts of the city by the formation of
clubs in the Interest of the national. State
an<! local tickets. The committee will
meet Thursday evening.
THE SAX. FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDA IV j ULY ' 3, IJiOO.
11
"THE LOVE OF MONEY IS THE ROOT OF ALL EVIL."
ADVEHTISEMESTS.
METAL.
Extra llnctyp* and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First st.. Ean Francisco.
LITHOGRAPHINO.
Union Lithograph Co.. 321 S&nsome st.. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
HARNESS DRESMNO.
"PALO ALTO.'' Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Chem. Co.. 1163 Howard.
WfilTf ASH STEAia COAL. Sffi^cK
D1AMON1> CUAL ill.VJNO cO at Its GKkK\
K1VKK COLLIiiKlKS. U lh« K» ( Coal ta UU
¦n«tk«t. Offlar* tuul TarrlM ICO Main »U*«C.
STATIONER AND PHINTK*
TugnpM* FARTRIDSE "SSSS^
PHtMTMJ,
F T RIIfiTTFS PRINTER.
r« V»- liUUUCO. nt Fac-iom. si.. 3 F.
PRINTRPS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JL'DD CO..
f rrfWiTBTTT*' " Z3 First St.. San Fn
O!LS.
LUBRICATTNO OILS. LEONAKD * ELr
LIS. 413 Front it.. S. F. Phone Main 17U.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
14^ RflVFS ft ffl 6h 2PPln« Butcher*. 1!H
JA5- DUlti a tv. a»>. t«i. Maia iat
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical En*!re*r. M East st.
GALVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
Manfaeturer and £>ealer In Metals and Gal-
ranlxlng. JOHN FINN METAL WORKS. 315
Howard at.
COPPERtMlTH.
T W 1TH Shlp Plunibln». Steamboat an-i
\r IT* J.!111U> Ship Work a specialty. 1* anil
IS Washington St. Tefephone Main 564L
COAL. COKB AND Pia JHO.X
f r U'll * f ft Battery Street.
J. L- WlLiU;! (S tU-.Telepfcon« Main ISM.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZUACH. lawyer. 5CJ CaJ.. rTtin!- h«
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Prlca Lists DIalla !
on Application.
~T^&*^* i "*" l^^dB remedy for licnorrnteiC
j«K*^CC2E»^&2 Ple«t, 3permatorrh-?»
AcS f lal to»4»7>-\fl White*, unnatural 'I*
VfL*f Gcir»at«l f§ eharc**, or anr infln~x»
2 *t» J oat to itrUisri!. lion, , irritation or ui -er*.
eoatajton. tloo ot Botom mera-
i?ZVre£YAH3 CHEMtntCq br»nea. Soo-tutrlageat
\gSLc:NOiKU1.0.^31 Sold *y I>ranr^tA.
V.~.a. ,2si i T seat la pUtn
by express, pr«pail. f^t
O 1 rr nni/ll Co «"r Fourth and
CAFF RnYuI - k «a, F B^
Valises checked free.
visit OR- JORDAN'S sreat^
MUSEUM OF ANATGHY*
Cft i::i fcisxx? sx. ut w:ni. susa, i
q^ The Larz-sr Anatomical Museum In tSe \
Wof*d- eaknc**«4 or any crntractfl A
Jp5'J3* fapecj-Jiitrn ih«. Coatt EsL36vaii>
&lS?a Dfi -« 0^*S~- p SlYATS OISSASEU $
3 (5^«55>* to'«u!r;tion frrc and rtr!> f'y private \
jj JlKW; II f" Bment prrvinaliy or by letter. A ft
S W »S If * 1 »*-"»« CVrem erery ca*cundrtta)crr>. T
T'i llfft >Vr !efnr Book.PBII.(t«OI>aV«tr J
• If 11 aiARnMCE. MAILED F2ES. * AW
n jl, Taluabla bcok (or arnj \
DR JOBDAX A CO.. K»l MirkrtSt.S. C f
GRAND HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by th»se hotels Is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantaze cf
fcavinfr street ears to all points of interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. Kuropean plan.
PALACE HOTEL
3I0K KEADA&IS1
Afositivel7 cored by cneso
.Little Pills.
They also ntievc Distress from D"jpspep^£a«
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
feet remfcdy lor Dizziness. Nausea. Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste m t&e Moutb. Coatca Xcrt^v
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
S»naU Pin. Small Dose.
Sraa!l Price.
l|||||CARl EilSTHE SAW FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900.
12
SAN* FnANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The Ean Francisco
Ce'I. ccrner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nleht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
rorner Clay; rpen until 9:20 p. m.
8^0 Hayes ftrcet; open unt'l 9:30 p. m.
C3S McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
flS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J?U Mission street ; open until 10 p. m.
52U MlEFinn Etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cnt:! 3 p. — l.
306 Eleventh street: open ontll 9 p. m.
J^r* Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
NcrthwPFt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tttcky ftrpft*: open urtll 9 p. m.
SI__TIX(. XOT1CES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter, No. E. R. A. M.. •
will mm THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. Ju!y 3. at 7:S0 o'clock. Stated /\3v
infH^tir.p and R. A. <3errrr-e. By order of rTr >
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Bee
GOLDEN Gcte lyjdge. No. tt, F. and A. £•
M.-i ; tate<' moetliiK THIS (TUESDAY) _#__
EYENI.NtT at 7:20 o'clock. >S__K
GEO. J. HOUE. Secretary, /^r >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. '•
lil E.'dy m.— Stated meeting THIS __#__
LVENING. . o'clock. /«__K
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec /V^
ORirCNTAL Lodre Nn. 144. F. and A. f>
M — ftatM meeting THIS (TCESDAT) A_
EVENING at t o'clock. »__2T
A. B. HUBBARD. Secretary, /xr >
HERMANN L<7<J_-e No. 145. I. O.
" F. — Rec-Iar meeting THIS tvftgvi
'TUESDAY) EVENING, Eureka
Hall. I. O. O. F. building. Inltla- *W*G
tloa. Visiting brothers welcome.
E. UEBNER. N. Q.
M. It. JAGER. Secretary.
ANCIKNT Order of Hibernians— We -fc**"^
ertend to the friends of our organl- \u\\\Jf
ration a cordial Invitation to attend
cur annual reunion and picnic atpQy£i?
S-heutren Jark on July 4. A fraJa •« (¦
day of Irish epcrts and games; greatest event
of the reaEo-i: JTOOO cash prires; S30 gate
prizes; patriotic exercises, etc.; round trip
tickets, iOc; children, 25c; boats leave ferry
«t S. S:2D end 11 a, m.. 12:35. 1:80, 8:29 p. m.
J. J. DONOHOE. President.
P. J. KELLEHEH, Chairman Games Com.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. !.-The re^u- a^»*^
lar monthly meeting of this division v<,\. v y
•Aill be he'd at Hlbernla Hall. 120
Ninth et.. on TL'ESI'AY. July S. 1900. y?«uSl
et 7:30 p. m. Election of officers. 'W-"—-*^
Quarterly meeting fines for non-attendance.
BARTLY LEE, Prcs.
T. L. CLANCY. Pec^
firrLL Mound Park,. IWkeler. July » «ey >^
4. elehteenth ersnd annual K»th»>r- «J\ CfHj
ir.c and carr.es of the P. F. Scottish '5_^Xjyc
Thistle Club. The greatest affair of **<?*
the kind over l>efore witnessed In America.
<!rsnd eala day of Scottish sports. Three
thousand dollars In ca-h prlzfs; elegant and
costly medal* for amateurs. Urand bail and
display of fireworks In th» evening. Games
ri>e'*i to all-comers. Admission to park (day),
pdu'ts '0c- rhiMrcn under II years, 25c. Ad-
mission (right), adults. I5c; children. 10c.
JKuy vour ferry tickets for Sh»ll Mound Park.
"•¦EOROK *«• PATKP.SON. Recorder.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
ZnnUAL meetlms— The regular annual tneet-
•n»r cf the Ftookhold«>n« of The Pan Francisco
*n<5 Fan Joaquln Valley Railway Company
wl'.l be h*M at the office of the company. No.
Sri Market St., Fan Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the ITth day cf July. 1900. at the
hour of 11 o'clock forenoon, for the pun*"* 1 *"*
of fleeting a P.oard of Directors to serve fcr
the ensuir.s year, and the transaction of such
other busings bs may come before the tneet-
tr.g. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. Sadie Dunn, scientific aMrolnglst, etrletly
reliable on all- matters rmainirg to life a»d
busings; homst-or*- readings. II. 2710 Sutter.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
•"•¦'•CO CAN be made during next 6 month* ty
hiiftling agents handling our white and fancy
rubber collar—, cuffs, bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed guaranteed Roods; Inclose ftamp for spe-
cial plan. M. A- M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
ATTOUXEVS AT LAW.
It. \V. KING, attorney at law, PI7 Market St.,
roc-n (2~: estates, damages, attachments,
tankruj'tcr. collections: all cases; fair fees;
no advanc* charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
rn fee without faces": collections. G. V.*.
HOWE, any at law. £.50 Market.cor.Stockton.
AWICE free: no char-re unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market ft., opp. Mason.
I. S. CLARK. Err.ma Ppreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
A'TOMOr.ILES— Fred WARD _ SON,
.- c«-rts. *C Fremont St.
BATH CAUINtTS.
ROBINPON JS. 4-ranPl folding: door opens: firm
nr.H safe. W. S. HP.OWN. yen, agt.. 426 EH1-.
DOOKS — SEW A.\D OLD.
FCJTOOL EOOKS bought and exchanged.
Ilrlmes Hor.k Co.. 704 Mission Et.. near Third.
BELGIAN IIAKBS.
ClfLOIAN^AIiESt! *~~
All the popular Ftralns at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. Alameda, Cal.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co., *ri34 Flllmore st..
Far. Franrlsco, Cal.— One of the few reliable
firrr.s handling Belgians.
OVER l ri 6 choice Belgians at auction. Tues-
dr.y, July 3. 2 p. m. KC7 Market rt.
CHOICE PKDIGREED BELGIAN HARES;
ehtap. ICfciVj Sutter Bt.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..CC3 Gol-
df-n <Jat<? ave.. S.F.. IaiO rabbits for Bale cheap.
HIGH Fccrinc. pedigreed stock, reasonable.
Koyal Rabh'.try. 214 Golden Gate ave.. S. F.
l)l«.|.M>S CUAACCS.
A-$C"V>; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
building; a good business; Investigate at
or.cf. «•&.:; li. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny Bt.
A I>AY pal'"^n doing a large business; mostly
Ilqutr trr.-ie; fixtures, glarsware, etc.; 1900;
Ftock at Invoice. Particulars, li. G. WILKE,
2C't K«-an;y st.
A — J&CO; DO&XEH* crocery and bar on Brannan
tt.: r<nt 12',; living rooms; a good paying
business. Call R. <i. WILKE, 26>* Kearny el.
A— $200: I'AHTNER wanted In coffee saloon
and chop house; close to Market St.; a splen-
did offer tor the right man. Call K. G.
WILKE, **~a Kearny Bt.
A— $4 r X): CANDY store and factory; close to
Powell and Majiet f-ts.: rent $40; good pay-
lntj tuRines-'; p~kne-s cause of sale. R. O.
WILKE. 2C'i Kearr.y st..
A— J« r >00; CORNER grocery and bar; established
ywirs ar.d knov n as a money making place;
t-f-st location; close to Chronicle building. See
K. G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny st.
A— 11000; GROCERY and bar on San Bruno
road: living rnonu; cheap rent; splendid open-
Ing for an active young man; party wishing
to retire from liUFln^ss cause of sale. Call
It. O. WILKE. i-CH Kearny Et.
A— IliOO: CORNER: wine and liquor store; only
one block from Market; rent %LQ; horse,
wagon and a large stock; splendid paying
business; disagreement of partners caus<> of
Bale. See R. C. WILKE. 2Cfr Kearny st.
A— K'HKj; BEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Hayes Ft.; no rent to pay: a epiendtd
char.ee. Seo R. G. WILKE. «H Kearny gt.
$i«>— I'ARTNER wanted in a first-class ttalocn
one Hock north of Market: own»r leaving for
Europe. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Keamy St.
A-FTATIONERY, notions and cigar store;
heert city: must eo. Cowing & Co., 71J Mkt.
A — CORNER grorrry a:id bar; Building and lot"
a barraln. OOWI.VG & CO.. 719 Market et.
O'FARRELL, 404-Shoe 6 hop for sale; estab-
llt-h»d fhe yrars; a rare chance; call at once.
PATING fruit ftore for sale. 130 Elfrhth »t_
FOR pale— Cigar rtore fixtures and two partly
furnished housekeeping rooms. 29 Ninth st.
»W: RESTAURANT, worth $300; must be sold
Jrr.metJi-.teIy. Call CI3 Kourth «t.
FOR rnle— A strictly good business; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels, flour daily: horse and wagon;
lodeSns- house. 34 room*, newly furnlehed;
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
l.fld. C»»
FOR F_le — l'larksmith shop in prosperous town;
<Soi:isr cood ttuHlnes*; no opposition; be«t of
rraton* for P"I!lr.g. Addrrss _¦-. li., P. O. box
f.07. fcacram-nto.
•Ill rer.t-1'cr coal yard, tr.ilk depot, etc.: fine
!ce*tlon: pia-_« is entirely cwered: contains 3
r-all*; r»nt only $15: water free. Inquire WM.
HKNDRICKSON & CO., €*4 Call bldg.
IXADU.0 hr.tel In Monterey; •_ rooms, parlor.
<;'.r.;nt;-rooin. kitchen. Ue.t; completely furn.:
•nill rer.t. «.»"; cr exrh&nce. Kor particulars
—rite JOHNSON* A CAKIt. Monterey. Cal.
WANTED- I20O0 to increase business; will
•rusiramee fv» per month income and give
tirnple upcurMr for loan. Address at once, box
;*v7. Call o'Sce.
FTATIONERY. noticn. randy store: cheap for
ca?l< or trade for lot.. Inquire '401 McAllister.
CIGAR *tnn<*. for rent cheap. Oppoelte railroad
depot. Third and Townsend els.
FOR r_.le — Corn— saloon; good business; cause,
- lc*ine*rs. 41 Second et.
BUSINESS CnANCES CONTINUED.
A^$3ooT7frrrrrr!Tr?r7i3ooo^
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor;
must have partner; loo much business for
proprietor to handle alone; be?t possible lo-
cation across the bay; nenr railroad deDOt;
all first-class custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a mo.: books
open for inspection: Investigation solicited.
STEXBERO CO.. S33 Market at.
A-$45O; RESTAURANT: best block on lead-
Ing ttreet; doing good business: meals 20c
and upward: estab. years; flne for man and
wife. STBXBERQ CO.. 935 Market St.
A— $200; S-ROOM lodging house In center of
city; north of Market; owner leaving State;
must cell. STENBERQ CO.. ?35 Market st
FOR sale — In live mining town of Sonora, coun-
ty neat. Ice cream and candy factory with res-
taurant attached; finest place and best busi-
ness In country, making meney; no opposi-
tion ; splendid opportunity for man & wife; In-
vestigation solicited: owner wishes to sell at
once account sickness. STEN'liERG & CO.. 915
Mai ket, or P. O. box E12. Sonora. Cal.
$*.0»— FRUIT and vegetable store; flne horse and
w_poh; flne business; best location In city;
great bargain. LANE Sc CO.. i65 Market st.
$4 JO— PORK etc— ; ham. bacon and delicacies;
elegant business. LANE & CO.. E65 Market.
$71.0- BAKERY baking 3 bbls. a day; 2 horses,
wagon, harness; fine store trade; living
rcom*: a bargain. LANE & CO.. S65 Market.
$CJO— WELL located and -good paying saloon:
nicely fitted up; full in\-estlgatlon allowed; a
eacri'flce: rartie* leaving for Nome: trial
given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
WAREHOUSE business for sale. Including fully
equipped plant for grinding and cleaning
grain; engine, boiler, mill, cleaner, etc.; lo-
cated on R. R. central, Alameda Co.; no
competition: business of last season clearing
owner $1700 to $1SOO: buildings and machinery
all In Al condition: price for all. Including
large lot. $3000; a great bargain and will bear
closest investipation to parties meaning busi-
ness. H. H. CRANE. SOS California nt.
$300— WANTED, partner in printing business.
4C2 McAllister st.
A— :i75: BRANCH bakery and delicacy etore; S
living rooms, with water; rent $12. 423 Sixth.
CANDY store for sale; good stock and fixtures;
low rent; no agents. 133 Hayes st.
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary: other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes furclled from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \a-
! lencla Bt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cnll. 16 rapes, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A ROOMING-HOUSE: flne location; central
part city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Et
FURNISHED house. 23 rooms and bath: rent
and price reasonable: good location. 365 Jessie.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF"Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. S33 Market St.. b. F.
CARPET IIEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Jng Works. 353-357 Tehama t-t.: tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carptt Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
?42-344 McAllister ft. ; phone South 146.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4S3 Stevenson st, tel. South ?2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTO.VS, 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.:
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOI S.
ALL kinds of wagons, baggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission et.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st
HEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts Sc har-
ness. work & drt-lne horsey. 1Mb fc Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays included.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
605 McAllister St.. 10c; sittings dally.
MRS KOTTER. spiritual medium: sittings; G.
$1. L. 50c; cir. Mo.. Wed.. Fri.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS DUNHAM, medium; readings dally; clr.
Tues., Frl.. 2. S p. m.- 14 McAllister, room 35.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Tests to-
night: circle every eve.. 10c. Miss C. J. Meyer.
THIS 5 week only— Full sittings 25c. WATSON,
medium. pal*T>It=t ir.M Market St.. near 12th.
MRS J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test.buslness
medium, life reader; fitting. $L 1104 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS DR. CLARK. the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk Bt.,
' may be consulted on ail affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles: restore lost affec-
tions: unite the separated: satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for circular with
tpeclal terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
St.. near Jones.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
fcrf-t: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 23c and up; satisfaction to everybody ; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil & second sight,
diapnesps disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents fl: palm. & clair.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
I MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palmist
j and card reader. 25c. S Seventh St.; no sign.
YOUNG clairvoyant, card render; Thursday,
Friday. Saturday only. 56 Everett st. nr. 4th. i
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader: past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. RUTH, great prophetic card reader, 50c.
7PS Ellis St.. near Larkin.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 821% Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth cr no pay; 2*>c — 50c. 1149 Mission.
M1IE. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 212*4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: SSc: ladles. 914 O'Farrell gt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
Ifgs successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms and bath. 3833 Twenty-
flfth St.; rent $9.
SUNNY cottage of 5 rooms, bath, gas, base-
ment. yard.' 1119 Vallejo, near Leavenworth.
$11 50— COTTAGE: 4 rooms; cellar: yard. 463
Linden ave.. near Hayes and Laguna sts.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket bt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have >our extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$! 10 up; plates, extractions free, }4 M up; of-
fice hours. 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
' I p. m. Q. AV. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for b-st crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or fillings by my won-
Uerful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no 6tud»nts: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
1 I3R. GEORGE AV. LEEK, SO O'Karreil et. .
• DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charre Tor extracting when plates are
made: eld plates made over like new; teeth
• from SS per get; extracting:. 60c; gas given.
; VAN VnOOM- "Painless 1 *: evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
. EET cf teeth without plate. DR. -H. O.
; YOUNG. 1S41 Polk et. •
' DOG HOSPITALS.
! DR. BUZARD'S Dog ifo^pUalT^oTr^lllmore^
, Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. W>st C36.
DR. CREELY'SC. P. mangecure and worm pills
by drarglsts or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
i DRESSMAKEKS AXU -JCAMSTItESSEH
• REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
I School to 1019 Market st, above Sixth.
: PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary r>t. : dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
• MME. REMBERT, &30 Sutter Et, dressmaking
school ; any Dattern cut to measure.
: 6. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Pest over O'Connor&Moffatt
E DUC ATI OyAL.
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. _•
ALL students but two taking full course this
year cot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NEBS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
AYRES'. the leadinc business college, 722 Mar-
ket tt.; life scholarship, $50: Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art ; day _ eve.
CALIFORNIA BuElnees College. 305 Larkin st|
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; petitions urntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
S.H"\; founded 1363; SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine ft.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve. : SS mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE*.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near PoweU: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic sen*. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6.
ORPHEIJM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese hfelp. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help fwn.; tel. John 2121. SOfiVi Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 41H4 O'Farr ell st. : tel. Kast'428.
EMPLOYJIENT WANTED KKMALS.
A YOUNG girl would like a place to do light
housework or mind baby. Box 1839. Call.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission st. room 1.
GERMAN girl wants a place to do housework
and plain cooking; wages $15 to $17 per month.
Call IMS Sutter St.. room 14.
A WOMAN wants housework by day. 858 Jes-
sle St.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as housekeeper
for small family; short distance In the coun-
try. Box 1S99, Call office.
FEW more engagements by the day; silk
waists, skirts; perfect fit. 507 Turk st.
WANTED — A position aa cashier In restaurant
by young lady: speaks English and French.
M. L. B., box 1397, Call office.
NEAT Japanese girls want situations to do
housework and plain cooking. 1329 Pine at.,
Japanese Mission. _.
A PERFECT Vienna dressmaker wishes work
in private families. Address H. F.. 2116 How-
ard st. Tailor made suits a speolalty.
SITUATION wanted by a competent cook at
cooking anl general housework. Call at 3760
Diamond et. near Moss ave., Oakland.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to Jl &0 night; $1 DO to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free dus
and baggaz* to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT* AV ANTED — MALE.
A YOUNG man wishes position with private
family as coachman; understands the care of
horses, garden and can milk; good references.
Box 3593. Call office.
WANTED— Position as assistant bookkeeper by
sober, industrious young man; salary $8 per
week; good references as to character fur-
nished. Box 1S98, Call office.
A COOK wants a situation for the country;
understands baking bread. 1301 Santa Clara
ave., Alameda.
A YOUNG man 19 years of age. good appear-
ance and respectable, wishes work In some
¦wholesale store, or would like to learn a
trade. Address 2203 Mason St.
GOOD all-round cook wants job; city or coun-
try. Addrens P. M.. box 1S92, Call office.
FIRST-CLAPS Chinese cook wishes position in
family or boarding house. Address Jim, 735
Sutter st.
AN honest German farm hand, steady worker,
wants Job in vineyard or as teamster or
milker; Sonoma, or Santa Clara County pre-
ferred; state wages. Box 1SSS, Call office.
RELIABLE, temperate, experienced man of 33
wants employment In store, office or cigar
stand: day work: wages no particular ob-
ject. Box 1S0S, Call office.
PAINTER and paper hanger, first-class me-
chanic, with complete set of tools, wants
irork by the day; city or country. Box 1S35,
Call office.
WISHES steady work in this city, an honest
middle agrd man; good references: wages
from $15 up. Box 1SS1. Call office.
MAN who knows something of cooking would
like to learn to cook; wages no object. Box
1831. Call office. ' _
BAKER, first-class foreman, wants a place as
such: bread and cakes. Address 225 Third
et..' Oakland. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. '
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071*4 Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mall, 60c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK &
I CO.. eC7 Market st.
i 793 HaUht. f. S r...$2Si 726 Bush. f. 4 r.$12 CO
72 Webster, f. 6 r.. 26 3354 20th, f. 5 r 11
579 Geary, f. 6 r...27 S0j2'.0"4 Tehama, f. 5 r. 10
! &C9 Geary, f. 7 r.... 31' 132 Scott, f. 6 r.... 18
A 4-ROOM flat with large yard, stables and
sheds. 2 Hayward St., near Eighth.
A— 8- ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; Jut floor. 417V» Third.
FURNISHED flat of 7 rooms; four rooms al-
ways rented; furniture for sale cheap, 141CIJ
Howard st.
GROVE. 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
gant sunny top flat, C rooms and bath.
HAIGHT. 43SB— Flat of 4 sunny rooms; base-
ment: wash tubs; yard; rent $12. v^-"-.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN Sc HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny 5-rOom flat: rent $20. 219V4 Elm
ave., near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
NINETEENTH, 3SS0. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-st. cars— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room fiat: sun all day; rent $18: water free.
SACRAMENTO. 2410, near Webster— An ele-
gant 7-room flat;. modern Improvements.
&UNNY upper fiat; 8 rooms; bath; all sonny;
rer.t 125. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st
$3— SUNNY flat 5 rooms; bath, water; range.
Jer$ey and Sanchez sts.
$12—6 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 171SA
Leavenworth et.
$10 — UPPER flat: 6 rooms: modern Improve-
ments. 1006 Minna et., near Eleventh.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Statea or Canada one year for tl.
furniture: for sale.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for Hi CO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Marlc»t.'
FURNITURE WANTED.
SECOND-HAND furniture In exchange for
painting. whitening; - papeT-hansine. 3726
Twenty-third St., near Dolores.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red S3.1J.
H13LI' JgAX^g-^-g^^^^^^
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, country hotels, $25, fare here; 2
waitresses, Saratoga Springs, $20, fare paid; 2
waitresses, Callente, fare paid: 2 waitresses.
Pacific Grove. $20. fare one way: 3 waitresses,'
city. $20; waitress, Santa Cruz, ?20, fare paid;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 3 restaurant
waitresses, $7; 2 chambermaids, $1S and $20; 3
/ancy lroners, $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper, country, 520,' widower
and^ children; housegirls, Gilroy, Grass Val-
ley, Belvedere, Oakland, Sonoma, : Redwood
. City. Berkeley; 2 friends to go to country Sat-
urday, $25 each, ranches, near, together.- and
50 orders for the city at going wages. C. R
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl for Berkeley, $20. C, R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Toung girl or widow to keep house;
Swedish or German preferred, and one .who
Is not afraid of work. Box 13D0, Call office.
*• . . •' * . '#
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— A large number of girls for all
kinds of work, such as cooks, waitresses,
chambermaids, second girls, nurses and gen-
eral housework girls, both city and country,
at best of wages; call early and secure a sit-
uation before the 4th. J. F. CROSETT, 316
Sutter st. ¦
WANTED— Experienced nursegirl; references
required; apply between 9 and 11 a. m. 1453
Franklin st
A GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work; small family; no children. Call at 784
Dolores gt.. near Twenty-first.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework.
Apply 291 Thirteenth Et.
MIDDLE aged woman to cook for three
children and take care of house; German pre-
ferred. 2129 Lombard St.
WANTED— A Protestant woman for house-
work. Apply at 579 Harrison St.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on genfa coats. 1036
Howard Et.
EXPERIENCED waitress. 129 Eddy St., United
States Hotel Restaurant
WANTED— Experienced saleslady In ladles' un-
derwear depart. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market.
SECOND girl, one accustomed to children pre-
ferred. 1562 Post st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS A CO.'S factory. S2H Fremont st_:
no exeprience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gougb
and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dreas C. H.. box 1?24. Call office.
A WHOLESALE- house desires a business
woman of good address for the road. Box
18S2. Call.
A YOUNG lady to engage In manicuring busl-
ness; good proposition to right party. Address
box 1S83. Call office.
WANTED— Girls and young women for light
work in laundry. Apply Monday morning at
1619 Eddy at. _
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework:
widower and 3 children; wages $12. 807 Fll-
bert et
WANTED— Experienced neckwear makers and
apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON. 518 Market.
AN lroner wanted. Apply 251 Jessie st.
WANTED— A plain cook for San, Rafael; small
fymlly; wages $25. App^ boxr»1877. Call.
OPERATOR and buttonhole maker lmmedlate-
ly; wages from $10 to $12. 503 Kearny. r. 2.
WANTED— A German girl at 419 Jonea st
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call 13
Howard st. ; seo young lady.
NEAT German girl for general housework:
wageB $20. 606 Castro st ¦
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller. 781 Sut-
ter st. ___
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st, bet. 13th and 14th sts. m
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st •¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5818
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
72S3 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
eon. Nevada and British Columbia
. FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day,
9 a.m. and 5:30 p. m., for S. P. R. R. labor-
ers and teamsters $2 and $2 15 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division free
Wadsworth (Nev.) division free
Sacramento (Cal.) division free
Western, Fresno. Madera, Bakersfleld divi-
sion free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
mulr free
laborers, teamsters, etc., regular wages paid,
office fee $1 free fare
FREE FARE. CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammersmen $73
150 laborers, inside work, free fare $60
25 hard-rock miners $75
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay Bt.
150 LABORERS for sawmills and woods
: fare paid
r.0 men handy with tools, flume building
25 single hand miners $75
15 machine miners $90
150 laborers, no experience required, for gold,
silver and other mines. $35, $40 to $50 and fd..
MECHANICAL HELP
2$ blacksmiths, horse shoers and helpers, $30
to $60 and found; wagon and carriage mak-
ers ". wood workers
cabinet makers coopers
2 millwrights, large company, city
coremaker brick molders
150 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California and city Jobs, $175 to $2 50 day....
FOR CITY FACTORY ....•
10 laborers, no experience required, $1 75 day,"
board home
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
350 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $20 to
$35 and found; haying and harvest hands, $1 25
to t- day and found; butter and cheesemak-
ers and milkers, $30 to $40 and found
sheep herders choremen and boys
CO stablemen, buggy washers and hostlrrs;
come down and get our lists containing 7236
different Jobs. MURRAY & READY, 631-636
Clay st.
HOTEL LAUDRY and OTHER DEPTS
4S cooks, city and country... .$35 to $60 and fd
waiters, hotels, restaurants, etc., $30 to $40
and found
butchers $30, $35 and $40 and found
candy maker steward
bakers, second hands and helpers
man for grocery and bar, $25 and found; 4
waiters for the mines, $30 and found, any one
will suit
washers, lroners, starchers and markers for
Iaundrle3 $30 to $40 and found
lunch counter man, etc '.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary et.
1000 men new R. R. work ...$2 a day
For State of Nevada Bakersfield
Coast Road, Santa Barbara Co.
S. P. Co.'s own work, Los Angeles Co., and
all divisions.
Ship dally Fee $1 Free Fare
Farmers, woodsmen, miners, machine men,
dairymen, cooks, waiters and kitchen help.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD laborers, $1 90, free fare; stable-
man.* $30, country; 2 miners, short distance.
*»0. see boss' here; laborers for brickyard,
$30; 4 Burlelgh drill miners, $3 per day; 6
miners, {2 CO day; 8 laborers for mine, $2 day;
2 car men for mine. $2 25 day: farmers. $26
and $30: milkers, $30; man and wife private
placf-. $40; cabinet maker, $2 to $3 day;
stableman, $35; 2 fruit farmers. $30; carriage
and wagon blacksmith, $3 day; machinist.
$3 day. and many others J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 628 Sacramento st
MEN for the woods — Head donkey men. $65:
lookout men, $35; spool tenders, $40; second
swampers, $40; head loaders, $45; assistant
loaders, $40; crosscut sawyers. $35: timber
fellers, $40; teamsters. $35: grading, $30 ; drill-
ers. $35, and board with above wages. J. F.
CROSETT Arency. 628 Sacrnmentq st.
MAN and wife, private family, $30; second cook,
neat restaui€nt, $10 week; waiter, country
restaurant, $40: waiter, country hotel, $25; 2
restaurant waiters. $11 week; bakers,, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED •
Young man to drive delivery wagon In city;
$30 and found; references required.
W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
A CAKE baker as second hand, $3 a week;
at 83 Fourth st. '
WANTED— Boy, age 16 or 17; references. . Hoo-
ver*3 Pharmacy, California and Devlgadero.
WANTED— Man tt> work on ranch. Apply
Girls' Directory, cor Central ave and Waller.
A COMPETENT man wanted to take charge of
the delivery department of a large retail
house. Apply 3191— «all Office.
TWO painters or varnlshers wanted at 140 Kul.
ton st next Thursday at 10 o'clock a. m.
WANTED— Strone boy to work In store and
office. Address Box 3592 Call.
WANTED-Walter." 2M Sixth st.
DISHWASHER- Apply to chef In kitchen rear
of HOMER'S Vienna Cafe. 205 Kearny 8t.
WANTED— Barber half day Wednesday; wages
$2. 1928 Mission Bt
WANTED— A bootblack for short hour bar-
ber shop. 2OV4 California Bt.
WANTED— A good dishwasher. 134 Third Bt
WANTED— Dishwasher. 435 Ellis St.
WANTED— A chief and night cook for res-
taurant. 175 Fourth st. * -<
NIOHT cook wanted at 1436 Turk at.
BARBERS— $150. two-chair shop doing good
g business; cigar stand; laundry office; 2 liv-
ing rooms; $13 rent; see it 1405 Devlsadero.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics t& know
that > Ed Rolkln. Reno Houne proprietor, stilt
runs Denver ¦ House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
< rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per .week.
HELP WAXTED-JIALB.
WANTED
Teamster to haul milk on Mission road,
steady Job. $30 and found.
4 teamsters to haul grain on large ranch,
lonih job, $2 a day and board.
Blacksmith helper for large vineyard, $35.
Blacksmith," ranch, "$30.
, ...i.«... •>•
Hostler, near city, $30.
Hostler. $40; washer, same place. $40.
Elevator manj business house, city. $35.
Dishwasher,' ' near ' "city,' ' $23, ' fare advanced ; !
2 plain waiters for factory, near city. $2a
each, fare paid.
Walter, country hotel, $30, fare advanced.
Porter, restaurant, city, $25.
2 laborers about furnace for mine, steady Job,
no experience required, $2 a day, half fare
paid.
Laborers to work on flume building, $40 and
board.
Farmer for vineyard, $25.
Porter for bath rooms, springs, $20 and found
and extras. *
W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
GOOD bootblack for barbershop. 65 Fourth gt.
STEADY reliable man for best paying busi-
ness. $85 to $100 per month; Swede or Ger-
man preferred; $350 required. Apply Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
AN Industrious party with $150 as partner la
business; pay $3 day from start; Investment
secured. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. T77H Mrkt.
GET your 6hoes half-soled while waiting. 25o to
EOc. 662 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sti.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; 6 to 8
weeks' constant practice; wages while learn-
ing; transportation paid; the only barber col-
lege in Southern Call. CHARLE'S GORDON,
Instructor, champion barber of the Pacific
Coast. 417 N. Main Ft.. Los Angeles.
W ANTED— Good barber: steady job. SAM
WITT. 2313 Banta Clara ave. Alameda.
2 CARRIAGE painters w_ Tted. Apply 428
Ninth at. ;
MAN4tof good address for responsible position.
Room 61. forenoon. 530 Calirornla st.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at 627 14th st.. near Guerrero.
Ean Francisco Construction Company.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
8. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' praetlce: Examiner bldg..
ELDERLY man or boy to work on duck ranch;
email wages; good home. Cor. Arkansas and
Eighteenth sta.. Potrero.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 682 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Eteuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar- '
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the feny.
LINDELL House, corner. Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. I
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sal*
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses, Just arrived. - weighing from 100O to
16M pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Stanford Stables, 305-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horne MaAet,
327 Sixth st. rauctlon sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN Sc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A NEW lot: 25 driving and work horses from
Hnggin's ranch; matched pair pacers. Sales-
yard 1712 Mkt.. CHASE & MENDENHALL.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business atCANTY'S, 2170 Market St.; Castro-
st. cars raps the door.
HORSES — Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap: best In city. 721 Howard St., nr. Third.
FOR sale— 2 extra flne carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for ctr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house, 4 i rooms; 212 Perry Bt.,
near Fourth: rent $10; water free. Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery et.
HOUSE. 633 Locust ave., bet. McAllister St.
and Golden Gate ave.; 4 rooms; rent $12.
HOUSE of 4 rooms: rent $8; water free; 720
Willow nve. Apply 626 Eddy 6t.
RARE chance: houpe. 8 rooms and bath.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Mkt.
$14— A SUNNY home; water free; garden. 6U
Dolores St.. near Twentieth.
LOST A5D FOUND.
LOST— Red greyhound dog: black muzzle. Re-
turn 149S Ellis St.; reward.
LOST— Seal cape at Orpheum, Sunday evening;
reward offered. Return to 19C9 Bush st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' epeclallst; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fall
call on him. 10234 Market st
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
, success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1007& Market st. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable speclall«t: 25 yrs."
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
. fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles" spe-
clallst: home In confinement; safe and reli-
able; consultation free: hours 10 to S.
MRS. DR. OUTER. 446 Eddy st., well known
and reliable; ladles' specialist: consult free;
home in confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods; treatment. $5.
DR. NO TOY KEE, late of Canton. China: dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento,cor.K»arny;advlce free.
Dr. James Pierce. 205 O'Farrell. rooms 2 and 3—
Female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
NICE reliable home for confinement-* reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WISE (YS). the ladles' specialist, ilis
Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
FOISON oak cured In one application or no
pay. 469 Hayes Et.
DR. WONG- HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eaff-B nf the human body. 115 Mason st.
HISCEIXAKEOUS FOR SALE.
BOIL.EUS. engines, 2d-hand machinery, Mc-
INTOSH A W.QLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale— 2 windmills and pump; 10,000 gal.
tank; pipes from 1 to 2 in.; flower bulbs and
plants at low prices. Six Mile House, San
BrunO rond. Sunnydale Tract.
FOR sale— Choice house and garden plants;
parties leaving city. 104 Hoffman ave.
KOR sale — 1900 Cleveland wheel; srood as new;
a bargain. 1202 E. Sixteenth St., E. Oakland.
FOR sale— Al fresh cow. 20 Bonlta at, off Polk,
between Vallejo and Green.
FOR sale — 1 good 36-lrich screw cut metal
lathe, cheap at 323 Mission st.
WATER pipe, 3, 4, 6 Inches; In quantities to
suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale at about half its regular price; lot
of new silverware; Rodgers Bros.' best goods;
12-ounce plate; 8 sets of table spoons, several
dozen each of forks, teaspoons and knives;
soup ladle, caning set, sugar tongs and bowl,
butter, creamer, card receiver, sjtup pitcher,
tray; also lot of flne china ware: other tlrings.
MRS. SELL. 771 5th St.. cor. Mrkt.. Oakland.
A YAWL-RIGGED boat for . sale very cheap.
Apply Sunday £0S Channlng way, "West Berke-
ley. -
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc.- WHITELA W, 21ft Spear st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
FOR sale— Schooner about twelve tons; 4 years
old; cheap. J. HIATT. 783 Mission st
BEAUTIFUL diamond sunburst for sale. Ad-
dress box 1S28. Call office.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete: almost
new; cheap. IL S. WHITE, 516-61S-520 Mission.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Oak roll top and flat top desks,
leather upholstered chairs, carpets, letter nies.
etc. " new and good quality. Ad. box 1860. Call.
LADT'S hat trunk for traveling, $12 60. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton 8t.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$75: concert records, tl 50. Baclgalupl. 9j3 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit, $10: drees pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS^ 437 Montgomery »t
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post -t.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg"-
lar proof safe. 21« California at. ¦
SAFES — New- and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THR
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-»lded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 210 Fremont.
MISCCLLAXEOUS WA5TS.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oil clothing
call on B. COHEN, 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
BIOXEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before dolus business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 18, first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place 10 obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S43 N lIarke:
St.; teL Main 1844. Branch 1? Third gt.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
LOANS made on furniture at 1^ per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARdHBARGER.
322 Ellis at., room 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamond*.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 895.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; (julck
service: money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market Bt.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos- no removal; low rates; con3dentia_
BONELLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
ANT sum, 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security- all busl-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. S21 Parrot bis.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, lit McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE HAVE A R"_Ai_~^RGAi^7rthaV8"w__t
you want; fine large Mahogany Upright for
$1S5; If you buy at once you'll get the bargain.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
CAMPERS should take along some of our flne
Sllkene strings for Banjo; they excel In tone,
strength and quality: 30c per set. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
WE sell Olympla Music Boxes, and all other
kinds of musical Instruments, on Installments;
come and see, even If you haven't much money
to pay down. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new. upright pianos. $6 cash. $S per
month: other pianos, {3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAT & CCfc. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at cost; owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
closed out regardless of profit: a better op-
portunity has never been offered; terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
r-11 at.
ABSOLUTELT the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tba
customer.
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap,
ranging from $75 up. take advantage of our
closing out sale. SPENCER'S. ISIS Market st.
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano, nice tone, me-
dium size. $100. Room 21. Flood bulldlnr.
MUST pell for cash at a low figure; a fine 3-
pedal upright. 1G14 Golden Gate avr.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment $3
per month. SCHMIT*-. 16 JIcAlllster St.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co., 1710 Mrkt.
SELLING out regardless of cost — Entire stock
of pianos: store to let: fixtures for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE. 1019 Van Ness ave.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamll-
ton pianos. 3CS Post St.. opp. Union square.
ON furniture, piano-; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis piano*.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
&IULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Stelnway. 1 Chlckerlng. $190: Installments
$5 to $10: rent $2 up: HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $5 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 20S Post st.
CHEAPEST and best- In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnlted States or Canada one year for }1.
postage raid.
OFFICES AND STORES—TO LET.
HALF office in prominent building: $10 to re-
sponsible tenant. Address box 4Co2. Call.
FREE samples of Developer. Backus Studio. 11
Geary st. Etching Matte and Platinum p^per.
PALMISTUT.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to S. 61<! Geary, nr. Jones.
PASTURAGE.
200 TO COO acres green pasture, clover and wild
rracses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
term- apply A. B. FTTLUgR. Antloch. Cal.
riIYSlCIA.\S A.N'D SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
10;m Market «t,. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUNG surgeon to make professional tour thro'
Mexico: splendid opportunity. Box 1SS9. CalL
~~ rER.SO.NALS.
SWEETHEART^For God's Bake let me know
where you are. DEARIE.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 34
Kearny st.. room 11. cures nervousness. In-
somnia, blindness, Brlght's disease and rup-
ture when others fall. See her. . », ,:',
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES' and gents* cart-off clothing bought and
sold. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom, tel. Folsom 1191.
LF.DERKR, the popular hair dresser, gives
you the very latest hair styles for only 25c,
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4319,
Call office. .
LEDEUER sells the very beat switches at the
very smallest price, from $1 up.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca keeps the hair in flne
condition, 35c bot.; Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo can't be beat. 5c i>kg. 1*3 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner bull. line room 407.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
K0 Market st.. second floor, room 37.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms-
25c to $1 to per night; {1 co to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AHLtBORN House. -19 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel- of San Francisco-
$1 per day and up: finest meals In city. 25c
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at alt druggists.
CAST-OFKclothir.K. old gold and Mlver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'3. }W Kearny st_
G. D. MORSE, photographer. IS0€ Paclflo are..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 3331.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SOTPUES.
FREE samples of Developer. Backus Studio. 11
oTary st. Etching Matte and Platinum Paper.
WE loan kodaks free; photo ¦UPP»«'- **»£ ka *
studio. 11 Geary ft., ground and top noors.
RKAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB
I40OO-BARGAIN and sacrifice: 2 «*"; fl ™*-
gomery St.. room 3.
125.000— THE cheapest buy In town; will mow
than double the value Inside of 10 years, to
close an estate will be sacrificed now; *««}•-
rant Market-st. property east «' Valeacta.
SSxl'l to rear street. Apply K. McCOLGAN.
tt Montgomery st.. room 3.
•S7J0-THE best bargain In the city: cost *U-<*>°1
4 flats. 2 stores: rents $35. 8E, Stockton and
Greenwich. Apply R. McCOLGA.V. 24 Mont-
gomery st. room 1 ________
IC30G— MODEHM S-room house In choice location
on Waller st.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Halght-st. cars; finished with m-rblestep*.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth caan.
balance t50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
VERY cheap— Bush st.. east of Larkln: nice
large residence, or could be turned Into flats:
very sunny: 30xl37:J. Apply on premises. 1T5
Bush it.
FOR SALE— Cotta-re 5 r— ex ns; high basement:
sunny front: patent closet:~dty water; bar-
gain. S3 Serpentine place.
FOR sale— Northeast corner Waller and Shrader
sts.: Improved four storea and two flats: brings
10 per cent on Investment. Owner. 624 Shrader.
MODERN bouses and fiats built at loweaC
prices; plans and estimate* furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st,
MODERN cottage of S rooms and bath. Se«
owner at 141 Twenty-seventh st.
HOUSE and lot: cheap; Income $40O. Call 727
Clementina st. ¦
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY Fo* _«.!•
ACCURATE personal knowledge: each of th«
30CO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents put together
In S. F. N. P. SICKELS. Land Agt.. 6 Geary.
42 ACRES In Napa Valley; modern house.
barn, water, vines, olives, fruit trees, etc.: 3
miles from St_ Helena; $2300. Address or call
evenings at 147 San Carlos St.. 3. F.
JC300— FIVE acres In Santa Clara: all orchard;
house, well, etc. SPARROW. 9 Geary, rm. 15.
EIGHTY acres level and j>artly drained tula
land near city; flne for speculation; cheap.
Address H. box 1532. Call office.
FOR SALE— Good-paylnjf Investment: country
hotel; rented at $50. Fcr particulars apply ae
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor sts.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE. Lease or Rent— 160 acres land: S
miles from Callstoga; plenty of wood, water
and grass; « acres Improved; house 4 rooms
and outhouses; In exchange for city property.
Address J. H. BROWN. 333 29th St.. S. F.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
MILL Valley— Completely furnished tents and
cottage. Apply MRS. NORRINGTON. Camp
Rest, back of depot, or 24 Point Lobos. city.
ROOMS FOR IIODSEKEEPI.XG.
CHANGED hands— The St. James House. Mc-
Allister and Laguna: housekeeping rooms; all
modern fittings. $16 60 up: bath; telephone and
reception room; reference.
FOLSOM, 538— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
GREEN, 417— Three sunny connecting rooms;
neatly furnished; sunny yard; quiet place; $10.
HOWARD, E25— Pleasant rooms; complete for
housekeeping: rent IS and $3.
HOWARD. 630— Front room and kitchen fur-
nlshed for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 10€l— 2 sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; running water.
MISSION. 1420—2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 58»— 3 nlc« large furnished
rooms; housekeeping: very reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 71C— 2 to 4 nicely furnished
housekping rms.: complete; gas. bath; phone.
POLK. 522— Large sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 large sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; kitchen, gaa and bath.
SIXTH. 119A — 4 connecting rooms with piano:
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TURK, 543 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen: com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, gaa and
bath; $3 25.
VALENCIA. 131—2 well-furnished rooms, suit-
able for housekeeping; newly papered; usa of,
bath; $10.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2M0 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. ana Unftirn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 143 Sixth— Rooms
I5c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week, and
light hou3ekeeplng; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
ELIZABETH. 12^ — 5 furnished rooms for house*
keeping; $15.
FIRST. 305, Just above Folsom— Upper part; 3
1 rooms; $3.
I FIRST. 413— Single and double sunny room; $4
I and $S monthly.
FOLSOM. SG5, cor Sth (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbi.
FOURTH. TSMr— Nicely furnished rooms; $1
week and up; moderate: «iuiet.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnishel
rooms: suites or single; travelers acco' dated.
GEART. 556 — Elegant sunny parlors; piano;
other sunny rooms; privilege light housekeep-
ing; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite cr
single-, ladles* parlor: reading room: elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. SS9. cor. Sth— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable: by day. week or month.
JONES. 117— Large front sunny room, 2 closets;
also smaller room; private.^
MCALLISTER. 4CS— Three unfurnished rooms,
bath and yard; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 342— Nicely furnished front room;
suitable for two gents.
MINNA. 687. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-wlndoTT room. $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 115—2 sunny large front rooms, tS: un-
furnlshed; closets; see them; other rooms. _,
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and 1
offices; elevator; electric lights: clay. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 01»— Nicely furnished room; suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
POWELL. 121— Llnht. clean rms.: suites or sln-
gie; transient; running water: rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House.319 and 321 Ellis st— Rocms^
night. 2Sc to |1; week. $1 23 to $4; open nisht.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading rcom. smoking room and ladles*
parlor; room-, per night. 3Cc to SI 50: week. T3
to $S; month $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. «43— Neat furnished rooms -
private family: $1 and upward. >¦.-:
SAN ANTONIO— Up-to-date fireproof building;
elevator; new furniture; ocean water baths-
suites and single rooms: appreciated when
seen; popular prices. II Taylor st.. near Mkt.
SHERMAN Apartment House. tS Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 13S— Furnished front and back parlors:
suitable for doctor's office or dressmaker.
STOCKTON. ZK. "Unlon-squara House'*—
Choice rooms: reasonable. •;'...
SUTTER. 31!>-Nlce sunny single rooms for een-
tlemen for $2 50 per week up: also en suite.
TAYLOR. «1— Elegantly furnished rooms"
suites cr single; prices reasonable.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large sun.ny bay
window room; grate and closet: rent $3.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A f-ood rooming housa
for good people. R. HUGHES? proprietor.
TURK. H2S— Large fnjnt room, nicely furnish-
ed; sun all day; private family; references
required.
CLASSIFIED advertisements rtnd subscrlntlonti
received at Call branch office, roo Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Vav-
lencla st.
ROOMS AXD nOARD.
CALIFORNIA. 807— An excellent opportuntt- ta
secure particularly desirable aecom at mod-
est rates: special rates families: tunny rm
en suite or single; best table m San Francisco!
HOTEL DKNNISTON. corner Valencia, and
Twenty-Crst sts.: warm belt: choice sunny
rooms; single and en suite; $» and 155 «nd
up; first-class. *^ uu
THK nRADBURT.im California-New modem
family hotel: excellent table: 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderate ; phone Hyde 277 L
T )n E: lfT T ; SIX>r11 - trr " near Mission-Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with orwithout
board, at vwy reasonable prices. WItn <""
M upThome^o;k?r?^ «"« r °° m> - ** » * ~~*
8 - l? 2 ?*"*" "-Suite o« I or I
rms. : Private: bath; sin. rms.: board optional.HOTTII* ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
A C Knowles, U 8 ¦ A
H H Palmer, S Diego
H B TN'ood & w. S Jose
P J Van Xesa, P Alto
J II McQuald, USA
C J Sutton. Los Ang
R G Brower & w, Cal
G B Barham. Los Ang
E K Smoot, Wash, DC
A L Dlamon. Portland
F A Bell & w, Seattle
B' D Singh. England
J D Sineh. England"
Mrs XV P Holllday. Ill
Dr Wine & w, Chicago
J S Gabon & w. S Raf
M.Kahn, Chicago
Edna W Hopper. . N T
Mrs L H McLeane, Cal
K. McLeane, Sacto
J F Davis. Jackson
Mrs R P Lane. Htocktn
C Beldin*. Stockton
H C Beldinr. Stockton
G M Clark, Vacaville
K Byrne & w. N Y .
Ml!<s Ruddock, N Y
J A Chansler, Los Ang
B M Ellerbeck. S Lake
D M Field, Mass
J I. Doney. Phila
J F Dunne. >J Haven
Dr B H Ward. US N
J Glaser & vr. St Louis
B P Barker, Livermorc
GRAND HOTEL.
"W H ¦Wollager, MlKvke
CF Fischer, Cftl
H Kimbrough, Sac
A E Phelan Mill Val <
O H Wllhelm. Grass V
R K Hyde Jr. VIsalia
R A Gerdes, Tracy ;> ¦
H M Payne. S L. Obisp
P M Johnson, S Diego
T S Berkeley, St Bar
B Farrar & w Plttsburg
.XV Chambers/ Philadel ¦
K J Chamberti, Phlla
G F Smith. Carpenteria
M L Evans,- Reed,' Md
O Eaton, Visilia
O E El sen, Fresno
M McWhlrter, Bk«m
W F Georjte. Sacto
JH Williams, Prtrvllo
J F Allen. Portland
Miss ML N;*klrk. Col
Dr Rullson Rsno
¦R Bramhall. New i^eal
Mrs E A Smith, Salt L
Miss P Weiler. 8alfLk
ChasBeldlnjr. Stockton
H C Beldlng. Stockton
W H Hill. Philadelphia
R M Green, Phlla
W W Khmer. N T
L D Syle & w. Bkly
V J Huh. San Jose
L A Craig, Los Angeles
INTERESTS THE COAST.'
Woman Appointed Letter - Carrier,
Postal Changes and Pensions
Granted.
Specia'l Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— The Comptrol
ler of the Currency has approved the First
National Bank of Los Angeles as a reserve
agent for the First National Bank of .Fres
no.
Eliza M. May, William D. Brewster
Owen A. Harris and Cyrus F. F. Cabanski
have been appointed letter carriers at
Seattle. Wash.
PostoffiCe ' discontinued— Carmelita. Fres
no County. Mail to Sanger.
Postmasters commissioned— Oregon— Er
nest W. Connpll. Tidewater.
Washington— Hanna < M. Deery, LJsa
beuta.
Pensions granted: California — Original
Chauncey H. Alford. Los Angeles, $6;
George C. Hesse, Santa Barbara, $8; Hen
ry M. Crampton. Santa Monica, $8; OUb
S. Bridges. San Diego. $6: John W/ Van
Horn, Norman, J6. Increase — Charles -H.
Thomer. Los Angeles, $8: Josiah Hoffman
Sheridan, *S; Marshal ,F.. Price. Los An
geles, $24: Daniel C. Place, San Diego $10.
Widows— Catherine Madden, Benicia. J8;
Augusta P. Banks. Fresno. *S: Mary Liner
San Francisco. $S.
Orepon: Widows— Minors of Henry Mas
ter. Kirkby. $16. • -
? ¦ •• -
Suicide of an Insane Man.
KAPA, July 2.— George "W.. Smith, a pa
tient at the Napa State Hospital, who has
been missing since June 9. was found Sun
day mnrning hanging In a tree forty -feet
from the ground, near the Kruse place.
Three miles back of : the institution. < De
ceased was a. native of California, aged 49
years. He was committed from San Fran
cisco, "v • ;¦•'¦.;
War With the Southern Pacific at
Los Angeles Now Being Waged .
in Earnest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 2.— The manage
ment of the Los Angeles Pacific' Electric
Railway has met the cut of the Santa
Fe and the Southern Pacific to Santa
Monica made on Saturday and the war of
rates, if war it is really to be, is now on
in earnest. The new electric tariff is $2
for ten trips or when taken advantage
of by a party of ten. This rate is figured
out to be the same as the rate of, Jl 50
for ten rides, tnjde by the steam roads,
for the reason that ten streetcar fares to
and from the stations of the steam lines
must be deducted in the calculation.
The travel to Santa Monica was un
usually heavy yesterday, the electric
lines obtaining by far the bulk of the
business. The Southern Pacific had issued
an order to cut and slash to all of the
beaches on Saturday, but before the
afternoon was over the command was
rescinded, excepting to Santa Monica.
The Santa Fe's new $1 50 ten-party rate
to Redondo was, however, allowed to
stand. The Terminal has not yet met
the cut of its rivals.
The rate is legally a special or excursion
rate. The railroads having in view the
Southern Pacific's wcent experience in
being enjoined from restoring high rates
through the San Joaquin Valley, between
San Francisco and Fresno, do not intend
in the local slashing of beach fares, to re
peat that experiment.
» -.
COLLECTOR MISSING.
Assertions Made That Ed Vierick Is
Short in His Accounts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 2.— Numerous in
quiries were being made to-day for Ed
Vierick, formerly a collector in the em
ploy of the San Gabriel Electric Company,
but he could not be found. It is claimed
that Vierick is about $1000 short in his ac
counts and that he told 'several friends
that unless ho could raise the money By
the first-of July he would have to lea\ - e
the city.
Vierick is a eon-in-law of George Zobe
lein of the Maler and Zobelein brewery,
and his father is also paid to be a man
of means. It is believed that if there Is
any shortage in his accounts it will be
made good. Vierick was not about any of
his usual haunts this afternoon.
DESTROYED BY FIRR
WILLOWS. July 2.— There was a disas
trous grain field fire ten miles, southwest
of Willows yesterday "afternoon. The fire
started on the county road, supposedly
from a cigar stump thrown carelessly.
It destroyed 600 sacks of barley, 200 acres
of wheat, a email house on the ranch of
John Bailey, and spread to Jeff Carnett's
ranch, where it was extinguished after
burning 3500 empty sacks.
Oppose the Saloon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 2.— Articles incorpor
ating the Anti-Saloon League of Santa
Clara County were filed with the County
Clerk'io-day. The object of the organi
zation is to prevent the granting of li
censes for the sale of liquor In the county,
and for the purpose of the examination
and study of the liquor question. The so
ciety will work also for the promotion of
temperance and tho adoption of laws to
regulate tlm sale of liquors.
The directors of the league are: James
Bean, Mrs.. S. E. Ayres. William Kelley.
C. P. Bailey, J. C. Lynn. A. J. Hanson,
San Jose: T. C. MacChesney, College
Park; L. McGulre, Saratoga.
Appointments in San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦
SAN JOSE, July 2.— Mayor Martin to
day appointed Captain H. L. Partridge
City Attorney and R. M. Garrett Super
intendent of Streets. These two succeed
\V. A. Bcasley and T. M. Morrison, re
speclvely. C. M. Barker was reappointed
City Engineer. Mayor. Martin read hia
annual message. lie recommends thai
bonds be issued to erect a $70,000 library
building, and also the construction of an
artificial lake in Guadalupe Creek, where
boating and other forms of amusemenv
could; be enjoyed. The erection of a city
lighting plant Is also another project pro»
posed by the Mayor.
Railroad Resumes Operations.
VISALIA; July 2.5-The Visalia and Tu
lare Railroad.'.- which . suspended ; opera
tions four weeks ago, resumed'businesa
to-day. Smith ,M. Bevllle has leased the
road .for -two years. . Two trains will be
run each way. each day. '
ELECTRIC RAILWAY MEETS
THE REDUCTION IN FARE
Unless There Is Rain Soon It Is
¦ Feared Tnat the "Loss in Timber
Will Be Immense.
' PHOENIX. Ariz., July 2.— Reports from
Eastern and Southeastern Arizona state
that forest fires have broken out afresh
in many of the mountain ranges, and un
less there is rain soon the loss in timber
will be immense.
For over a week a great fire has been
raging on the Sierra Ancha, and is par
ticularly visible from Globe. It haa
burned already a distance of twelve
miles and over a strip from three to four
miles wide, an area covered entirely by
fine timber and affording range for huo
dreds of cattle. A fire in the Huachuaca
Range has taken a tresh start and has
driven out all the cattle and game. The
military department at Fort Huachuaca
will make an effort to stop the fire before
it encroaches on the reservation.
SPARKS FROM HARVESTER
START GRAIN FIELD FIRE
G. W. Scott of Yolo Loses One Hun
dred and Sixty Acres of
Grain.
Special Dispatch Jto The Call.
WOODLAND^July 2.— A grainfield firfe
in Western Yolo last Saturday evening de
stroyed 160 acres of grain that belonged to
G. W. Scott, and a harvester, the property
of W. J. Cannedy. Some of tho mules of
the harvester team took fright and tried
to run away. The driver applied the
brake, and the friction of the big wheel
produced sparks which started the fire.
Will Have Good Entry List.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
WOODLAND, July 2.— U. F. Thomas,
secretary of the District Agricultural As
poci.itlon, returned from Santa Rosa this
morning, where he spent Sunday in the
interest of the local agricultural society.
Many of the horsemen there are of the
opinion that Woodland will have the best
entrance list of any meeting, except the
State Fair, also the best atendance from
abroad.
Equalization Board Meets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND; July 2.— The County Board
of Equalization met to-day and will be in
session for two weeks. : \
New Course of Study.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, July 2.— The County
Board of Education has adopted a new
manual and course of. study.
HEROICALLY SAVES THE
LIVES OF FISHERMEN
Frank Piazoni of Monterey, Alone,
Goes to the Rescue of a Crew
in Danger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. July 2.— Two fishing boats
of the salmon fleet of this place were
nearly swamped off Chinatown Point dur
ing the heavy gale that prevailed in this
section yesterday. The exertion neces
sary to keep one of the boats afloat would
have proved fatal to three of the boatmen
but for the bravery of Frank Piazoni, who
went single handed to the rescue. -
The fleet was oft the heads when the
blow began. It was impossible to use
sail, and the fishermen were obliged to
row their heavy boats for over three
miles. When passing Chinatown Point
the crews of two of the boats became ex
hausted and attempted to make for the
bell buoy, off the point, intending to tie
up to the buoy until the snuall abated.
The first boat reached the nuoy safely,
but the second, beinp manned by elderly
men, unable to stand the heavy exertion
longer, became unmanageable, and a
heavy- sea that struck it at that moment
filled it with water. Piazoni. from shore,
saw the danger and went to the assistance
of the Imperiled fishermen. After great
exertion he managed to row the boat
ashore. -
FOREST FIRES BREAK OUT
AFRESH IN ARIZONA
Correspondence of Associated Press,
MANILA, P. I., May 2?.— Spanish papers
in Manila declare the Filipino people are
neglecting the opportunities tendered
them for self-improvement. El Comercio
begins an article on this subject by ask
ing, "Why do not the natives of these
islands appreciate the educational efforts
being made in their behalf?' and then
goes on to describe the opportunities for
a good education offered by the Phillipine
Naval Academy and deplores the fact that
not more thasi a dozen applicants have
applied for the very good and thorough
training in theoretical and practical sea
manship, in mathematics, geography and
English offered by this academy at a cost
to the student of the textbooks needed for
the course.
This school was inaugurated by Spain
and is now maintained by the American
Government at public expense. The train
ing given is a valuable one and fits young
men to become officers and engineers in
the coastwise trade between these islands.
The trade has always been large and im
portant, which fact is attested by the
great number of small steamers constant
ly coming and going from Manila, and in
it there is chance tor the employment of
a good many Filipinos. To-day almost all
the officers of these coasting steamers
are Spaniards and owners have frequently
to send to Spain for men to officer their
There has lately been started In Manila
an organization called the "International
Club." Its purposes are varied, butamong
them Is that of sending to the United
States two ybung Filipino men, there to
obtain the best and most thorough educa
tion in civil engineering which "our coun
try affords. All the expenses of this edu
cation will be borne by the club and Its
members have duly informed themselves
of the cost of tuition at Cornell and the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, of
living expenses for a student in Ithaca or
in Boston, and the money for this purpose
is already subscribed or in sight. A few
weeks ago the club announced, through
the local "press and by word of moutn,
that the fortunate youths to receive this
education would be selected by competi
tive examination and now it appears that
just two men came forward to take fed
vantage of the club's'good offer. "What
can be done with such people?" exclaims
El Comerclo. Seeking for a reason to ac
count for this apathy the Spanish com
mentors find it. to a certain extent, in the
recent fad of bicycle riding that has come
to the young Filipinos and in his prefer
ence to dodge around the streets of Ma
nila and the Luneta on a new American
wheel, than to consider seriously the
question of his own future. Bicycle rid
ing, attendance at :he horseraces and
aping the manners of the American dude
are noticeable among the better class. of
youths of Manila. Some call it American
progress and laugh at it, while others call
it the trail of the serpent and deplore It.
With the purpose of preventing the car
ryine of concealed weapon* by civilians in
Manila, the customs authorities have
forced all captains and oflicers of coast
wise steamers to give up their revolvers.
The sailormen objected most strenuously
to this measure, saying that without arm's
they were practically at the mercy of
their Filipino crews while at sea, and they
further complained of the way in which
the authorities disarmed them. A file of
soldiers was sent on board each steamer,
and openly and before the crews made the
officers of the ships give up their arms.
In some cases the crews laughed at this
performance, while in others threats ol
venpeance and of the settlement of old
pcores were instituted among them. Espe
cially was this so on the steamer Escano,
and the owner and captain of this vessel
made most vigorous protest at being dis
armed, but all to no purpose. It is im
possible to buv firearms of any kind in
Manila, so the Escano sailed for the soutn.
ern Islands without any on board except
those surreptitiously possessed by her
Filipino crew. A few days later Manila
was shocked by a story of sudden death
and robbery— the crew of the Escano had
murdered that vessel's captain, owner and
engineer, scuttled the ship and gone away
In the pullboats with $40,000 in cash to join
the insurgents cr the robbers of the Visa
yan Islands. After this became known an
appeal was made to General MacArthur.
and then the American authorities gave
back their flrearm3 to the Spanish cap
tains and mates of the coastwise steamers
clearing from Manila, and allowed each
man six rounds of ammunition. The mur
ders on the Escano and the successful es
cape, of the. murderers had a disquieting
effect upon the native crews of all coast
wise steamers. They talked the matter
over, spoke also of the case of the steam
er Coir.pania de Filipinos, whose crew mu
tinied and murdered her officers and were
never punished (this was in Admiral
Dewey's lime), and matters finally got po
threatening and uneasy that last week the
captains of several ships In the bay ap
proached their employers and refused to
take their ships to sea unless a guard of
American soldiers was placed on board
each vessel. Whereupon the shipowners,
remembering how the Spanish Govern
ment had once furnished guards for ves
sels trading through the Visayan Islands
under similar circumstances, asked the
American authorities to guard the lives
of their Spanish employes and their prop
erty from attack by Filipino crews while
their vessels were on the high seas. This
the authorities declined to do. and as the
captains of four vessels still firmly refuse
to sail unless afforded protection against
the possible uprising of their crews. thes«
ships are at present tied up in Manila Bay
awaiting come action in the matter. Ship
owners have asked the authorities to al
low them to place armed men, not sol
diers, on board their vessels at their own
expense. If the authorities will permit
this all will be well, but If not the strike
threatens to become general among the
steamers not used in carrying Government
property out of Manila. Upon the latter
vessels the authorities always place a
guard for the protection of their property
which Ruard also serves to keep order
among the crew.
Spanish Captains Fear to Take Out
Their Ships Since One Officer
Was Murdered by His
Crew.
vantage of Schools at
Their Service.
Filipinos Do Not Take Ad-
NOT DESIROUS
OF OBTAINING
AN EDUCATION
March of the School Children Ar
rayed in White and the Ribbon
Parade Also Very Inter-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTOX, July 2.— Like a peaceful
army, with banners of red and green, tho
children marched in procession to-day,
through the street ¦ fair thoroughfares.
Of all the pretty features yet introduced
this was the best. The parade was origi
nally announced to be for decorated baby
coaches, but so many new divisions were
added that the vehicles bearing young na
tives formed but a part of £he picturesque
scene. The various primary grades of the
public schools turned out a prettily uni
formed corps, the boys in white duck
suits and the girls in white dresses.. All
wore sashes made of the fair colors and
had garlands of green about their hat*.
There were several floats typifying the
stories of babyland book«, Mother Goose,
the Old Woman Who Lived in Her Shoe,
Red Riding Hood and other nursery char
acters. The school children enlivened the
occasion with their class yells and en
tered into the spirit of the occasion with
all the vim of youth. The awards for the
baby coach division were as follows:
Best decorated coach — Edward Jones, pampas
plumes.
Best decorated go cart— Grace Inglis, swan
and river daisies.
Best decorated bicycle or tricycle— A. B. Ire
land, fair colors.
Best sustained Mother Goose character— Elsie
Roblin, Old Woman in Shoe.
At the baby show, which took place af
ter the parade, the following won prizes:
Class A (six months), boys— First, Fred Chris
man; second, Ralph Fay.
Girls lone prize)— Baby Jenkins.
Class B (one year), boys— First, Ralph Thorn
ton: second. Earl Latta.
Girls— First. Bessie Landers; second, Roberta
Brown.
Class C (two years), boys— First, Gavin Me
dillach: second, Arthur Glick.
Girls— First, Mary Gallagher; second, Ardath
Van Landlneham.
Class D (three years), boys— First, Everett
Jones; second, Aubrey Isom.
Girls— First, Edna Hopkins; second, Milda
Garvin.
Fattest baby— Glen Cain.
First baby entered— Lauren Gremaux.
The ribbon parade took place shortly
after 4 o'clock. It was led by Mayor
Clark of Sacramento behind his spanking
team of pure white roadsters. Then fol
lowed President Henderson and members
of the executive committee in a tally-ho.
The parade, which was a half-mile long,
was made up of gaily decorated vehicles
of every kind and description. The deco
rations, which were unique and lavish,
were principally ribbons of red and greeti.
The display was viewed by the Queen and
her court from the throne and there were
thousands along the streets and in the
grand stand. Mayor Clark was awarded
first prize.
This evening Queen Genevleve and her
court formally received Miss McAdanu.
who was Queen of the Sacramento fete.
Of All the Splendid Features
of the Fete This Was
the Best.
PRETTY BABIES
EXHIBITED AT
STOCKTON FAIR
Special Dispatch to* The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 2.— The Elks have vir
tually taken possession of San Jose, and
from now until the Fourth they will be
busy for a royal reception for
the thousands who will be the hosts of
the city during the Fourth.
Visitors are already coming and at least
5000 are expected on the Fourth. Fiv»
thousand dollars In cash has been expend
ed in the celebration by the local Elks.
All the Elk lodges In the State have
been invited to participate. The lodges of
Vallejo. San Francisco and Oakland will
send large delegations' and nearly every
Elk lodge in the State will be represented.
These will be special guests o'f the local
lodge, which will conduct open house ana
a reception at headquarters in the St.
James Hotel. At least 2000 Elks are ex
pected to be in attendance. The Junior
Order of American Mechanics and Eagles
is also taking a prominent part.
The festivities will open to-morrow
night. The streets will be Illuminated.
St. James Park, where a reception, band
concert and dance will be held, will be
ablaze with electric lights and Japanese
lanterns. There also is the "midway plai
sanCe.
Wednesday morning Queen Harrietta
will be crowned. A big parade, consist
ing of six divisions, will be held at 10
o'clock a. m. Hiph wire walking and a
balloon ascension will follow. In the aft
ernoon Senator Morehouse will deliver tl^
Fourth of July oration. Mayor Martin
will deliver an address of welcome and
George T. Dunlap will read the Declara
tion of Independence.
The preparation of the celebration has
fallen to the general executive committee,
of which Joseph R. Patton Is chairman
and K. Li Thomas secretary, and the
amusement-committee, of which A. Menn
Jr. is chairman.
Committees Have Labored Faithfully
and Well and the Programme
of Events Is Most At
tractive.
San Jose, Where the Cele
bration Will Be Held,
in Festive Garb.
ELKS PREPARED
FOR NATAL DAY
OF THE NATION
G A Whltby. Xewman
P F Wood, Tulire
S J Fore. Coles
J Walace. Seattle
R F Fletcher. Los G
Mrs M I«ynn & d. Sac
Mrs Baylor. Lwr Lake
Miss Happrett, Lwr Lak
J O Thomas. V.Valia
J O Oslxirne. «Jo:in
R C MoCreary. Sacto
J Carroll. Seattle
F V Jones & v, iteno
Mrs W B PauMiis:. O
Miss N Adam?. Uoetnn
W* Corbin. San Rafael
A Anderson. Suijun
II C Bust. Mass
E H Doyle. Cal
W L Nicol. N' T
C V> Hayward. Redwd
J Crai*. Hghld Syirs
L L McCoy, Red Bluff
O T Green. Sacto
H W Walker & f. Wlw
Mrs .1 Stocchinl. WIws
A R Gress w &d. Minn
K Stanlitereri. Shasta
W T Holland. !?*taia
D C Clark. St Cr>z
THJS »AJN X M AJMJlfelJU CALL, TUbJSbAY, JULY 3, 1900.
Jacoby Is Insolvent.
Fpcclal Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES. July 2.-Abraham Ja
coby has filed a petition In bankruptcy- in
the United States District Court. Until
about three years ago Jacoby was a mem
ber of the clothlne firm of Jacoby
Brothors, but he left that house and went
Into ;the fruit business. I^ast March he
made over the bulk of his property to
assignees H. J. Wollacott, IT. \V. Hellrnan
and Marcus Hlrprhfield. Jacoby'p liabili
ties are abnut SIOO.OOO, and It Is believed
his assets will nearly reach this amount.
13
/^lk Dr.Gibbon^s Dispensary,
j&a&ga 9~ *" K E * E Jl V *T. K»ta511shed
«r1 r^a In 1*3* for the treatmentof Prlvae*
ElUrf±Wm. L ' eil9 ' !l . L <»« Man hood. DebiUtyor
fg^K^ft dl!>p«e^ear!ncon bodyand mlndand
V»? ftftffl ktn P 1 ***"*-!*- Tb«doctorcnr«iwh»ti
oth»ratall. Try him. Churtc* low
?«SiirSSdQy <nr«inarantf».J. Ca!lorwrtt«.
Or. J . *¦. *HBB1»3i, Box 19S7.Saa i'ruacltca.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
WBIBBBB PACirtO COMFABt.
(PACIFIC *Y«TCM.>
Trains !•«»»" »•••• »r«» •l«» •• «rrtw« ssfl
man n:*.\« i »«•«>.
,il»'t> Li:,*. Foot of iUritt Sire«t »
ijavi — »qm Mat 13. I9oa — *aim
•7:00* Benicla. ?iii«:in, Kl-nirs. VacuKIa.
Kunisey and aterameu to *7< 1 3y
CiOOt Shvt:» Kia» ¦ m -Dvfi» \VvUiams(for
Hartlett Sptiaga). Willows, tad
B:u3. i"i<rci»a<L »7«43»
•7:3.»« Martii<ez. i>in lUmoa. V»«eio. N»px
' Calistogii arxl Sunta Rota *0iS3r
'1:00* Dat Is, Wno-JIand. Koigbti Laadln/,
!Ur»i»ille. «)rof 111*. . *1t*%»
• n:O»i Atlanth: K x press— Os Jew *ad East *lli43«
•»¦::«* ban Jua*. Lit cruu>ri-. Htockton.
luii* s»rr.iinrii: >, Plaecr>iU«,
Uitrrsf Kle. Clileo. K«tl MliilT Msia»
"*:3u* Oak !*>. Chlsesa (fcr TirMinita).
8 Jiior*. Carters. Mil.ir
•9:«O* II iyns.ri». .\!>«iau Way station.. *S •»•¦"»»
•VtOUA Loa Acgslcs £zpr«ss — M«rMne»,
Trsc;. Li'Jitcp. ritocktoo, Merced
si;d franxn **Mt
•!i:.to« V»ll>j... Majtinvi ami W»» SUtloas **i*lr
•lO-.OO* Th« OrerUutl Uniud— Ogdan. D«a>
»er. Omaha, iliiwi. .v «»i I S »
•!!:OI). Nil.*. Unmm atockton. Saera-
ni-n' Meiidcta. lluufurd. Vital!*.
K.TtBMllle Mil*f
•I *:OilM U»r«r.r ..:». NHuand Waj Station!. •»«€»¦
fl:OOr .-'.¦..¦rc...t-nt.» i:i*m «:«•• ii. <¦•<• tS:O<»*
•S:O«r Haiwanld, NiUs »c>l Waj Stations. 'Si-lSr
•iiDiirMu'.lwt, H«n K.r.H.n. fsllojot
N*pv. Uattetocsi, Sm.tn K ia *VilSa
•lioiir Rtnlcia, VMuten. l^»cr»nien#a.
W.«..ll»:i.l. Ki-ikl.U Lmudllt.
M«rj«t!U». OsovBla •¦•>««4
•l::t<»r Nllei. San .1 we ixi.i St,>.-»ton *7il«*
•5:o»rTiie Owl l.itrlt(?d— Trair. Kretno.
1! »k.-r.1,-;.i. Haupii to Santa liar-
k»ra. Ia>* A»«t!<» *•:*»»
•3tOOr Fresuo J'»:«<-i g-f— Mtr'in.*. Lath-
roj., Stockton. Mrur>:. lJrreuda
(ltiyrmipil for Voteiai'e). > rt»n<>.. *l3ila»
•3i3Or K#w trlntn EiprtM-lUliersli-ld.
Uant« tint im .. l.i n Anirles. lirDi^
Ing. B) V»jo. Hew <>i)-»ii» »ud
Baat ••»«3a
•»illr Mmlt Fa limits — AtUi.lio EipiM.
for Moj»r. a ,nl K«t *«:43r
•BitlOp Tltyn«i,!s. Nilri *U<X ."ir.u Joj» *7:ll»
|B:(M»i Vafl«lo 'tail**
•«iO»r Oriental klai'-Ogilan. Ct.ejenu*.
O-DAha. Chicago «Ili4»a
••:eOpOrion!£l M*it— «)g!ao. Denver.
Omtfaa. C)ue»go. Milflr
17:O«r Val!-J- . 1*. rt < o.ta >nd W»y Sta-
U01..1 I»:33>
•li«3r Oregon am] Ollrnnri* r«prem.Ma»-
naimto, Marjuiills. KaiWhifc
r.,,t:»n.?. r.i.-t t.»u..i %„¦) r**\ *etl»a
COAST l»IVIs|4»> (N*rr»n i.an«i.|.
(Foot 'f »i fleet S=tr>«t.)
f>*4Aa Santa Crux Eiianion for Hanta
Cruz end I'rtn.-Hxil Way 8ucion« t*»M»
*Sll3a S«wai-k,t'«!»tert lUr.Hio. ).,«». Triton.
Buiili:*r<:r'«k.Man:»{;ru)i»i»IWa>
ntiHoi.n •9:*mw
t*il5r Me «*r k, CentOTTliK M:i .If m. Nav
AIm:i<li<u, Knitnr., KmiliW Credit.'
3«n'» ( ri* au<l I'riiuiv*! •"•'»!
HutkMis |l«x.1«a
•4il-tp Newark. .San Jam, I^s Gatos •>:*•*
q-4il3r Ol«nwoo<l Fjitcn. gna'a Crui «»:.!>».
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmSH raiiClSCO-?»oi tf Mirk.l Slti.l <SU» »i~
•7:19 »:00 11:00*. M. }1:G3 *2X3 t3:S9
•4:C3 t!:53 *6:53r.-.
rilBjOlIUSO — »j.l •'8r..d..».— -BCD 4:00 10 00».it,
t!3:Q3 '1:83 t3:C3 '3:03 M:03 *i:S3rji.
COAST DlflKtoa (Urns'lCanc*).
ffhlrJ »nd Townwtitl Sf.)
f#:l«t Ocean Vie*. EmS Sb* KramHaru.. («»«•»
t?tOU* Nan J»t« mi»1 \V»>- suii..ii« (Ne*
Alitr»<lr« WvltiemUfa-.til}) •li«*»
t7:>*> 8noday Eicursion f r 8an Jott
8ant9 Cms. Psdlic llro»a and
Trindpal Stations X8tS3»
••:OOa Hau J«s*. Tim 1'i •¦¦.». Hantft Ctnx.
Paell'e tlrnr*. f»i ¦ ItoMea. Man
Luis O>iiai><>, t^nrf. Lompoc ant!
Principal War SUthMis *«:I»T
»l«:ll»» Ran Joae auit Way Slalinnt ••tX.Ya
•IIiSUa KanJoaa.LotOatosamtWajMUeloMS *3iS«r
ta>4Sr San M*t-o. Ur.lwro<I. Mer.lo Park.
Palo Alto. 5»anta Clara, San .!¦— .
Tr«a Picos. Xanta Vtta, Salinas.
Moutsreyami I'»<rill« Grov« 110:^"*
fSiXdr San Jote an«» \"*i Stations **:3»r
MilSr 6an Joaartni! Prindpal Way Station. •«¦!.•»«
t»:O«p3*n .Tot*. Loa O&tos ami Priodpal
Way .S*.»tion» tBiOfta
•3i3«r San Jote and Principal Way Stations ?•::«•*>*
•AiSMp San Jets aii'I WaySUtlons t"»i»»«»
<ll»«.tf San Jew»inl Way .S*aUons »T:30p
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
'Dally. tsanday eieepted. X Sunday only
6 Saturday only.
• aUturdajr »od fi«r.;ity eSnodw tad Moo4Sa\
Sim*! rr
| J S lOJ
CHARLESTON, S.C.,
AND RETDRN, via the
Santa Fe Route j
Tickets good for sixty days and
sold on
JULY I and 2.
Take the first train on the new
line leaving San Francisco at
9 A. M. SUNDAY, Jnlyl.
Ticket Office at 628 Market St.
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTEfiN RY. CO.
LBSSEB
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAX FRA.NCISJCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:25.
t:30. S:10. 1:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trlj>
at 11:23 o. ra. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at I:5J
acd 11:39 s. m.
6rNDATS-8:P0. 9:30. UrfXJ a. ra.: 1:30. J:SO.
6:09. S:2» p. re.
SAN RAF A EX. TO S.\N FRANCISCO.
TTEEK DAYS-4:10, 7:30. 9:3). 11:10 a. m.; 13:«,
1:49, 3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:i5 and <:35 p. m.
6CNDATS- 8:10. 9:40. U:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:«.
S:C5. t:ZS V- m.
Bet-we«n San Francisco and Sciiuetzen Park
¦arao schedule as abovs.
L | ' - 1 T
Leava I In Effect. I ArrlTw
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300-1 S»n rranciseo..
Week J Bun- J I Sun- I'.Waak
Days. ( days. | Destination. ; days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ara NoTata 10:40 am I:W aa
1:30 pm 1:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 1»:2S >m
1:19 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm •:» pm
Fulton. ,
1£0 am Windsor. 10:3 am
Healdjburs.
Lyttcn.
Geyserrtlla.
S:89 pm i:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm •:» pn»
7:J9 ami J Hopland I 110^3 ai»»
t:30 pmf 1:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm] »:W pus
7:30 mm 10:K an
8:04 am Guernevflle. 7:33 pm
1:30 ptn <:20 pm
7:30 am! 1:00 ami Sonoma >:15 am S:«>am
i I * n<1
1:18 ptn| 5:00 pmf Olen Ellen. 6:03 pm t:V> pp»
7:30 ami 8:04 ami 110:*) am|10:J3 urS
3:30 pm! 5:C0 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:33 pmj «:20 pm
; Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wft
I Bprlngf and White Sulphur Springs: at FuUot*
I for Altrorla: at Lyt^ton frw Lytton Springs: at
G«yservllle for Skasxs Pprlnaw; at Cloverda'.i
for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring. Highland Sprints, KelaeyvlIJe. Carls-
bad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at tTx!ah for Vichy Spring*. Saratov*
Fprtn^s. Bl-ie L ':ea. Laurel Dell Lak«. 'Witter
Sp-lnss. Cpper Lak'. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llrrley-s. Bneknell's.
Banhe%" tn Heiehts. Hullvtitr. Orr"s Hot
Fprings. Mendoclno CJty. Fort Brarj. West-
port. l*sa!. WHHts. Laytonv'.Jle. Cmnmtrs.
Belt's Kprinss. Harris. Olsen's. I>y«T. Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday t» Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday rwrd trip tickets to all potnta
beyond San Ratael at half rates.
Ticket office*. «0 Market »t.. Chrontel* bldg.
H. C -vTIlTTINC. R. X. RYAN.
Genera! Manager. G«a. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Ean Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAT3 9:30 a. m., 1:13 and 5:15 n. ra.
'SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. U a, m..' 1:901 2:30 p. m.
Fare Ean Francisco to Summit and return, tx 40.
NEW TAVEItN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
On July 4th trains will run on Sunday time.
M'ECIAL >O*TICES.
LADIES-Chlehefter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the bert; *afe. reliable; take no other;
wnl <c *tarnp.» for particulars. "Relief for
L3d:es." in letter by return snail; at drug-
p'.ms. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
I?AI> tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Ti.. 41S Montgomery »t.. mrm; »-lf>: tel. S5S0.
tEWlSG MACHINES AND SL1TLIES.
ALL kinds boucht. sold and repairing g-uaran-
teej. <"ha«. Plambeok. 1915 Mierlon. nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bcupht, *6ia. exchanged, rented;
rr-rairir.r at lowest rate?. 2O."i Fourth rt.
STORAGE AM> \VAIti:ilOUSES.
V, ILPON I5UOS.. etcrape and moving; covered
veny. Tenth ar.d Market; phone South 7e2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlnt Com-
par.y. 2320 FU'.mcre St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
rniCIN? Van snd Storage Co.. 712 Mission St..
t<-i. Mala IMO-Parkin*. movies and Ftorape.
i \ i'i:uKrn;ii!> amj mi'I'mej.
CHEAT I3ARGAINS IN TTFEWRITEBS-W*
fell better machines for less money than any
house !n the rity: rentals. S3. -The Typewriter
rirharff. TS6 '-'allfcniia. tPlf-phcne Main 206.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BnnKELEV URAL ESTATE.
J2480; NEW modem house of « room?, bath-
room ard laundry; hardwond finish: 1 block
frnrn unlverpity and Kerkelry station. Pee
owner at 3911 Addi^on st.
FINE business lot at At-hby s-tatinn at a bar-
rain; will double in \alue In *!x months.
WTTRT8. Pevrr.teer.th Ft. and Broadway.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
OFFICE— 1118 "BROADWAY.
OAKLAVl) HEAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH: monthly payments as low rent till
I«!<1 for: modern new cc.tiaee of 4 rooms,
bath, par.tr>'. clowts. hiph bas-cment, brick
Ioan<J«;lon; all tfr.ced; fine we'.i of water, all
firft c'.aw; J fine lots, cne a corner; price, all
told. fS"Ni: city water it desired: street mucad-
amiz^d; nice homes all around: near 2 lines of
«'!*ctrie roads and fine echoolhouse and wide
avenue; no ieg or cold wir.ds here; Allenlale
v Tract, adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
lor circular. 4D5 Seventh Ft., near cor. Broad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner
BUT DOXTSTOVTS FOIl OOip RENTS.
ttlOO— rp.yy $t4 p<r nicnth: ! flat* of S ro^ms
earh within two blocks of Broadway, down-
town: jays' ov»r IS r^r cent: t wner away and
cn^Licus to Fell.
GErt. W'. AUSTIN & CO..
' Vf* BrnRdway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Pl'RMsHCD KOO.MS.
1 PRETTILY fui-n. sunny front rniis. : privste
family: aristo*'nitic neiphborhnod; all mod.
tap.; pa? and elec. lichi^; 2 mln. walk fr-srn
broad <r inrr.«K ca::g.^ stations; refined pen-
tlerren Oesltcd; would probably board.
fm-.s rf35.--nM'.ie. Bix \r*, rail office.
OAKLAXU FIRMTIRE FOR SAr.E.
>.N introduction to yen from K. Scf.ellhaas. the
fcrr.ture «^»ler. 11th ar.d Frar.klln. Oakland.
DIVIDEND SOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice -THK GIANT POWDER
< >:.n\ANY. CON. A dividend. No. 13. of Fev-
fr.-y-jive c»nts <75c> r>er share on the issued
capitai ftnek of th» ccrms>any has been de-
c!*r"<l payable at the r.ffic- of the company, j
(3d '>.!:;'¦ rn:.i street. Ban Francisco, on July
:••:,. !>». Trarifrer b.»k? dose July Sd. 1?OC'. '
A. A. fPARKS. Pecretary.
THE Ctentinental Buildlns ar.1 Loan Associa-
tioB, cainei pi Caiifyrr.ia and Sansome sts.,
' r r tht half y»ar ending June 35, IScO. haa «le-
c'sred a dividend of 5 per cer.t per annum on
ortJinary <;•;. sit?; 6 t>er cent on term de-
I v:i«; Id per cent ti> « lass "t"' stock, and 12
;*r -^nt to <:iaFf "A."
CAPT. OLIVER F.LDRID1E. President.
WILLIAM COKr.IN. Secretary.
DTVIDEVD Notice— Security Savings Bank 222
Uaatgoaaery «.. Mills buildinK. Kor the half
> ear er.dipg June SS, IMS. UivMrnOs on term de-
r>s-iTr-,it The rate of liiree and Fix-f-nths 43 £-10i
I*t c»r,t j.er anrum and on ordinary deposits
«t the rate of three <3) per cent per annum
»ree ct taxes, will be payable on and after !
Ju.'jr ;. isme. - ¦ - i
\ P. L. AEKQT JR.. Pecretarj-.
OFFICE cf the Hib»rnla Savincs and Loan So-
- ciety. corner Market McAllister and Jones
Ft? . San Francisco. June T7. 1900. — At a rejt-
ular meeting cf the B ard of IiirectorB of this ]
Pocletv. held thie day. a dividend haa been
declared at the rate of three and one-eiehtn
<3-*t rr cent r»r annum on all deposits for
t^e s.x months ending June 21. 1900. Jree from
all t&xes. and payable on and after Julv X.
__ ROBKRT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
EAVINGS and Iv;an Society, 101 Montgomery
Ft., corner of Gutter— The Board of Directors
ceclar»-d a dividend for the term «ndin« June
n. lK'j. at the rate of thre« and one-quarter
(3 1 ;) r*r' cert per annum on all deposit?, free
cf taxes, and payable on and after July 2.
IM&, Dividends not called for are added to
end bear the yame rate of dividend as the
jjriiiCiial from ati'1 aft«-r July I. 1SO0
CYRUS \V. CARMAXT, Cashier.
HTMIiGLDT ftavlnes and Loan Society is
Gea-y ft— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing M'ir.i-ar.nual dividends: 3.60 per cent
per urara on t^rm and S per cent per an-
runv on ordinary d«-poslt«!. payable on and
»*aer July 2. 1900. ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savirgc Kank of
fan Francisco, 23 Post «t. For the half
year ending June SO. 1S0O. a dividend has
been d«-:ared at the rate of three <3) per cent
ier ir.r.usi en all deposits, free cf taves, pay-
. tt:e c.i and after Mcnday. July 2, 1300.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
¦
Th« foIlowtEX marrTkce licenses were issued
fftrlet day:
Charles H. A. Grolieau. «. 21 Twplfth f=treet.
sir;' 5 M.rj- P. r,rK>r. 47, T10 Seventh street.
'"h!>.rlef= Browse, Z<;. city, and Annie E. Qt-
t>' rnr, SS, CitJ".
Bdaon M. IiaH. U. t-Zl Hyde street, and Louise
A. l^otter. -4, HTiS Ban avenue.
A!^xi» l^zc&ft-ie. 2Z. Mil Mission street, and
?Tenr.ie I>acrout«. ;:.. szzz Mason Ftreet.
Dani'-l li. Untie C\ city, and Irene R. Ack-
rrr;ari. 23. city.
Walter Wells. 2T Ptockton. and Jennie Har-
ris. SS. rT I'^rry slreet.
.T.-im«-s II. Patri'-k. 14 !)amapr«s. and Louise
>. Fnyd*r, T6. Damascus.
T's.jl I>. Gre-TA. :;. t^, Ar.Rfley. and Emily
C M:rrinp. 1^. 4 Baaeb** Ftrpet.
Jnhn H. FricdrichF. :.;, city, «nd Elizabetha
K. UofcL ?.4. o,ty.
Al^xandT ild. <~ummire. "? IfH Patte street
. en1 Al:ce I. Ro5«. Ti, \*-\\ rage urect
GuKUr« Pflowfky. .".4. ZZZ Sixth street and
. Mart* Oa#. W. TO\ Blxth ft w n * lrwt> ana
»/'« " c * Hk '^!* rk ,' > - 30< Placerrtne. and Laura
Percy v. \^r\ F . s<"-. city, and Emma B. B.
EWrtfrn, tk, city.
John J. Walsh. O. C Webster street and
KthH T.. Thompson, a. Oakland.
IVons: 5=i» Fun. a. T14A Pur-nt «reet. and
ntt—w Pam. I". 7!«A Ourt^nt f=tr^"t.
BIRTHS— MABRIAQES— DE&TEST"
B!rth. rr.arriag:e and death noftees rer.t bv
rr.a:l ¦Ri'.l not be inserted. They mutt be handed
¦ !n at either of the publication offices and be
!r/i':!=e<i with the name and residence of per-
For.f: authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
CARTER— In this city. June 27, 1500, to the
iv. fe of William H. Carter, a *on.
HEINZE-ln this .-Sty, July 2. 1900. to the wife
r.f .Jo. r r h HUnzc. a daughter.
FANITLI. -In tht* city. June 23. 1900, to the
• *¦'•'¦ <•'¦ -T. A. t~'andei|. a daughter.
MABEIED.
AXnnnCEX— JKN'i*EX— In this city. June 30.
VM<n. by \i>*> Rev. O. *;roenKbersr. ?«'lels A. An-
¦trpvea ar.'l n^rtha B. C. Jensen.
BOEGE-CTEVEN6ON— InithU city. June 30.
:w. by the Itev. J. H. Srhroeder, Adolph F.
l'.i.r-f?r- and Oertrude Ht^venson.
C'UJSTEIX- OST/KKE- In- this city. July 1.
I**, by th" H'v. Ilyman Samueison. Paul
U Ooldstda end Martha Ososke. both of San
Vt*T)<-\k<*('. - :. y--!-»
BEES-GIESECKE-tn this flty, July 1. 1300.
by the llrv. J. n. Schroeder. Conrad Hess and
ni!<>n J. «li**-p<-ke.
McCAFFERV^McEVOT— la this city. June 27.
UM, :<t Bt Praticis rhurch. by the -Her. T.
J iraher. Bernard Mcfaffery of i=allnas. Mon-
t'iry <•< untj-. and Mary ilcEvoy or Ban Fran-
f'l^CO.
f n.l |VAN-rAFKV-!n thUcity. June 27. !<**>.
ti ft. Francis i'burch, by the Hev. T. Cara-
h-r. Patrick Sullivan of Palmdaie. Los An-
f-;lo^ «'ounty, and Catherine Casey cf San
¦ . I raneiKco.
TH« 'MWJK- I>O.Sf II— In thin city. July 1, JSOrt.
l.v the Rw. J. I). Kloor.. Peter Thomson and
Koroline Lsmrh, lxrth of Pan Francisco.
TrTTLE-UJltlNG-In Oakland. July 2, im.
at the home of the bride, by the Hev. J. W.
. DaniM*. Stephen A. Tuitle and Mrs. Alice
; A. I.'Tirc. lrf.th of Oakland.
I Rackmann. George Marini. MichaxU I*
t IJarron. Marj- Nlblett. Hsrr»- L.
[I- lU-ck. Mary L. Nichols. William
IJ'anejt. Frank W. Oftanif.' Henrj- A.
Brown Charle* Ousley, Lou!?*
I»">le. Thotna* Perata. Oiovann!
Guilbert. Emma Richardson, Gecrse
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
t>. wharf. San Francisco:
1J|5V»_^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
f H*\ ; ?*&>w JuIy •"'• ift " I5 - - 20 - 2Z > 30 - Au-
SSfr^WVS^Ssi st ?- Chansre to company's
tfC K^\3fcu M*>am«rs at .<*att!e.
RS^vCS 3»1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Lg^C^-fvSyw r ->- Fort Townsend. .^"at:!e.
(^^^C^&i-d&v Tacoma.. Everett, AnaoorJes,
and New Whatcom (Wanh.) —
""*• 11 a. m.. July 5. 10. 15. 3). 25.
30, August 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y. : at Vancouver to C. P. R'y. j
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July '
2. 7, 12, 17. 22, 27. August 1. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueos>. Port Har'ord iSan Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. ?an Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Ansreles) and Newport —
9 a. m., July 2, «. 10. 14. IS, 22. 26. 30, August
3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopplnp.only at Port Har-
ford (?an Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Pert
Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los Anceles)— 11 a.
m.. July 4, 8. 12, 16. 20. 24. »S. Auiruat 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Macdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayiras (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
Fnr further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to charge
steamers, falling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKTCT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
¦street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0 s R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. ra.
FADE $12 First Clas* including Berth
rtist $3 Sscond Clas-j and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 2. 12. 22. Aug. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27. Aug. «
Short- line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
ttV Y0BK. BOUTHAKPTOS. LOND0H. ?A3IS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis July iiPt. Paul July IS
New York July 11 St. Loais July 25
RED STAF* LINE.
New York ar)d Antw«r-».
Frcm New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington July 4!Friesland July IS
Noordland July ll'Southwark July 25
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S S. "OHIO," from Ccattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, Pt. Michael and Yukon River
Points, June 30. July 31. August 30. For ratea
and other Information apply to
EMPIP.E TRANSPORTATION CO.
30 Montgomery street.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf sailing.
SS NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10. 1900
SS'. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 1900
SS HONGKONG MARU
August 29. 130O
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS> AND HAMBJRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG. . /
For Salllnsr. etc.. <Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN fcINE.37B'dw'y. N. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved if secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
4C1 California st.. corner Sansome, S. F.
GOMPAONIE GENERAL^ TRAKSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .-rj-t-
t^ailin^ every Thursday Instead of ?^TfTYtV
Saturday, from November 2. 1399. at -O"*WwKl»
10 a. ro.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. July 3; LA LOR-
RAINE. July 12: LA BRETAGNE. July 19;
LA CHAMPAGNE. July 21 First class to
Havre, M2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre S55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round' trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZJ. & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
0~ CEA>"IC S. S. CO.-HONOI.TrHJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia.. .Wed.. July 11. S p. m.
S S. AUSTRALIA 'Honolulu only)
Wednesday. July 25, 2 p. m.
f. O.SPRECXELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. U4 Montaomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market SL
[ilVUUd^iJ LIliiLLUXOIl ...6500 1W
. , SEKAPI3 .4OOQ ToE8»
SlontUly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg j
via .Mexican porta. Ontral. Sooth America, etc |
S.S. Sera pis, 4000 tons, sails about July & j
J, D. 8PBFCKELS * BROS, t (U »««t.. Ill Moat«aatry$tJ
<rSo ;-»r*tehtO«f* t SS7 M»r«»t 8t_3«» Frii be j J
,BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
:>C' Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier .No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARZ 50c
OCEAN TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Cosunendnc April 23. 1901.
PROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. fM, 9:80. 11:00 a. m.|
12:45, *l:45. 3:15, 4:15, *5:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and 8aa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »8:0O. •S:*!. *l«:00. ll;0O. 11:M
a. ra.; 12:45. »i:30. 2:30. 6:00. »:00. 1:20
p. in.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. •«:*>. 7:60, 8:40. *10:U a,
m.: 12:30.- 1:15. 1:15. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at •6:45 and 10:20 p. m
SUNDAY3— «:15. *9:5O. '11:00a. m.; 12:0*
m.: 1:00. 2:13. »S:30. 4:30. '5:45. 8:45. 7:30. l0:2»
p. m.
Train* marked (•) ttart from San Qnentln."
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:53. 6:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a.
m.: 12:35 1:45. 2:45. 1:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS • on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:C5. 10:C5, 11:10 a. m.; U;R
1:20^2:80. J:43. 4:55. 6:15. 7:05. 10:JQ p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
7:00 a. ra. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. *
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way na-
tions.
8:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays except sd)—
Point Reyes and way stations. \
g :0O a. n>. Sundays — Caradero and . way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. re. Sundays — Point Reyes asd way.
stations,
WAB.ASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
FROM
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
AND BOSTON.
The finest, fastest and best enulpp*d train
out of Chicago, with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for superior p.ecommodations.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Aft.
. Los Angeles. Cal.
C. S. CKANE, G. P. Airt..
St. Louis. Mo.
Hackett. Patrick Schlo^f, Sipmund B.
Jensen, Thomas Smith, Sydney, J. C.
Keefe. Thomas StudtRer, Frank
Koberer. MarRuerette Von Ah. Freda
1-angdon. Burt AVells. Frank
I^ing. Anna 'Williams, Roy
McCloskey. Patrick Zeis.Anna E.
BACKMANN- In this city. July 1. 1900. George,
beloved husband of Maria Backmann. and
father of Mrr. Amanda Kooh and Rudolph.
<"aesar and Adolph Backmann. a native of
Srhlet-wig-Holstein. Germany, aged 6J years
A months and IS days.
C^Friends an<T- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited «o attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & V.'hlte. 1^ Eddy street.
Funeinl under the auspices of Burns Lodge
Nn. K. A. O. U. W. Interment, by electric
I car from Kichteenth and Guerrero streets.
Cytirejas Lawn Cemeterv.
B.U'.ROX-In this city. July 2, isno. Mar>". be-
lovrd dauebter of John M. and Katie A.
Harron. and sister of Marguerite Barron, a
n-itive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 3 months
ami 24 days.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. U'124 Minna street, between
¦ Eleventh anJ I^afayette.
BE''K-In this city. July 1. 1900. Mary L. Beck.
».<=loved mother of Oldelia Pratt. Mrs. Amanda
Freese and William. Joseph and Frederick
B-ck. and Rrandmother of Frankie and Mag-
ci? Ryan, a native of New Orleans, aged £6
years «nd 6 month*
F^TFriends and ac.juaintnnces are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, .from her late resi-
dence, 4K Harris on street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetpry.
BKNXETT-In thi.s city. July 1. 1300. Frank
W. Bennett beloved brother of Mrs. W. H.
Tuttle of New York and Dr. D. Gales Ben-
nett, a native of New York, aged 56 years 2
months and Cl <*ays.
CTlnterment at New Tork.
i BROWN— In the City and County Hospital.
July 2, l^ 00 . Charles Brown, a native of
Sweden, 3;fd 5$ years.
DOYLE— In Los Angreles. July 1, 1M0, Thomas
Doyle.
Gl'lLBIiRT— In this city June 30, )1900, Emma.
! helmed wife of Juhn Ouilfcert and mother of
William and George Young and Annie M.
iCheetham. a native of Manchester. Lan-
cashire. England, ased 57 years 6 months and
X day*.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fu'.iy Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at 2:S0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1714 Stockton street, thence to Laurel
I HIM Cemetery.
1 HACKETT-In this city. July 2. 1900. Patrick
Harkett. beloved hufband of the late Kate
Hackett. and father of Thomas. Nellie, Loret-
ta and Katie Hackett. a native of County
Waterford. Ireland, aeed 60 years.
I JENSEN— In the City and County Hospital,
¦ July 2. l'.«0O. Thomas Jensen, a native of
Denmark, aeed 70 years.
i KEEFK— la this city. July 2. l*)0, Thomas.
; dearly beloved son of Hannah and the late
David Keefe, a native of San Francisco.
t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Wedne?day), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3 Russell street, thence to St. Bripld's
I church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
j I rate.! for the repose of his soul at 9:30
' o'clock. Interment Jl.iur.t Calvary Cemetery.
! K< iRERER-In this city. July 2. 1900. Mar-
| eufp-ite Koberer. dearly beloved mother of
Mary. Carl and Mrs. Lena Gundlach and the
late Susie Heimann and Katie Klsllnser. a
' r.atlv* of Germany, aged 66 years 6 months
! and22 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her Fon. 1432 Broadway, between Polk and
Larkln streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
LANGPON— In the City and County Hospital.
July 2. KM, Burt Lanprdon. a native of Cali-
fornia, aned 22 years.
LONG— In this city. July 1. 19Wi, Anna Long,
a native of England, aged So years.
McCLOSKET— In this city. June 30, 10PO. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Mary McCloskey.
father of Maxgie and Loretta McCloskey, and
nephew of Thomas McCloskey, a native of the
parish of Pungiven. County I>erry. Ireland.
apfi <S vears 1 month and 20 days.
C^lrienris and acquaintances are repprct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this <lay
• TiieFday). at £:?n o'clock, from the parlor?' of
the I'nited Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
•street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will he celebrated for the
re-tof of hi* poul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mounf I'alvary Cemetery.
MARINI-In this city, June 30. 1900. Michael
L.. dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. N.
Marini. and beloved brother of Frank. Mag-
pie. Louisa. Annie. Rnsle. Jennie and Mamie
Marini. a native of San Francisco, aged 2»
y«>ars.
5C7"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tn attend- the funeral tins day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 17fi3 Mason street. A solemn reqaiem
hich mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his »-oul on same day at Sts. Peter and Paul's
• Italian) Church, commencing at 10 o'clock.
XIBLETT— In Oakland, July 2. 1900. Harry L..
belovtd son of Frank N'iblett. a native of In-
! diana. aeed IS years and 7 months.
j NICHOLS- In this city. July 2, lifCO, William.
beloved *on of Frank and Annie Nichols, a
I nati\e of £an Francisco? aired 3 months'.
C^Fri.^nde and aetjuaintaneen are re«peet-
fuily invited to attend The- funeral this day:
• Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence cf
the parents, 109 Welsh street, off Fourth, be-
twf-en liryant and Brannan. Interment Holy
Crues Cetueti-ry.
OSBORNE— In this city. June 3". 1300. Henry
A., beloved husband of Catherine Osborne
and lwlov«i father of Mrs. Peter Lynch and
Mrs. Charles Bliss and Thomas H. Osborne, a
native of Dublin. Ireland, atred 70 years. A
m*mr*T of Union Lodge N>>. 1S95. K. of H.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at 9:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 13*M3 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
the Church of the Holy Cross. Eddy and
Scott street", where a requiem high majis
v!H be celebrated for. the repose of his soul
at V) o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
OCSLEV— In this city. June 30. 19"0, Louisa
Ousley., a native of Philadelphia, aged S5
vear*
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:13 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 916 Mission street. Inter-
ment <"ypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Towneend streets.
PERATA-In Oakland, July 1. 1900, Giovanni,
beloved husband of the late Margaret and
father of Mary and Lida Perata, a native
of Italy ased 62 years 1 month and 25 days.
C^TFrienrfs ar.d acquaintances are reppect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence. Ur.'S Telegraph avenue, corner Fifty-
first street. North Temescal. Oakland. In-
termont t^t. Mary's Cemetery-
RICHARDSON— In San Jose. July 1. 1SO0,
Georce Richardson, a native of Massachu.
tetts. aged 71 years.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at Odd Fellows'
Crematory Chapel this day (Tuesday), at 11:30
o'clock. ,
MEMBERS of the Masons' and Builders' Asso-
ciation are respectfully requested, to attend
the funeral of our late member. Georjre Rich-
ardson, from Third and Townsend streets, this
day (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock. Interment at
11:30 o'clock "at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ADAM BECK. President.
ECHLOSS-In this city. July 1. 1900. SIgmund
B . beloved husband of Florence Schloss and
son of Benjamin and Josephine Schloss. a
native of fan FranclF.co. aged 42 years and 3
months. (Xew York papers please copy.)
C7"Funeral this day (Tuesday). Inttrment
private. PUase omit flowors.
SMITH— In this city, July 2. 1900. Sydney John
Curran Smith, dearly beloved son of Henry
and Letitta Curran Fmith, and brother of
Carrie. Letty and Tahiti Smith, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1* years and 11 months.
STI'DIGER— In Frultvale, July L 1900, Frank,
dearly beloved son of Frank and Rosle Studl-
ger and brother of Rosle Studiger, a native
of Oakland, aged 2 years and 9 days.
VON AH-In this city. July 2, 1900, Freda,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Bernard
and Marie von Ah. and sister of Joseph, Ar-
nold and Willie von Ah. a native of San
Francisc". ased 10 months.
WELLS-In this city, July 1, 1900, Frank Wells,
a r.ati\e of Massachusetts, a«ed 77 years.
WILLIAMS— In this city. July 2, 1900. Roy, be
loved eon of Thomas H. and Elizabeth Wll
Hams and brother of Annie. Chasnells, Ma-
mie Frederick, Edith and Percy Williams, a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 months and
14 days.
ZEIS— In Oakland. July 1. 1900. Anna Ella, be-
loved mother of Oscar L. and Adela Zeis. a
native of St. Louis, Mo., aged 44 years 8
months and 25 days. •;;..-«
CARD OF THANKS,
Mrs. Kate Staudacher wishes to thank her
friends for their many kindnesses in her re-
cent bereavement, and desires especially to
thank the employes and members of the firm
of Kohlbenc. Strauss & Frohman of this city,
and of Goldstein. Kutner & Co. of Hanford.
Cal.. for their sympathy and kindly interest.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Euccesscn to Flannagan & Gallagher),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
' Telephone South 80.
CREMATION.
Odd Felloes' Cemeterj Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the aches and organ service*
li $30. The same for members of the family.
__GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.CLEVER LAURA CREWS
TO ACT IN THE EAST
Fireworks in the Western Addition.
A grand display of fireworks Is to be
given at the Chutes on the evening of the
YET another Californian actress Is
going East to conquer. Laura
Crews, the charming ingenue of
the Alcazar, has received a most
flattering offer to join the forces of the
Murray Hill Theater stock company In
BrooWyn and play a line of ingenue parts.
Mips Crews has closed the contract and
will open her season on the 25th of next
September. »
While young In years. Miss Crews has
had enough stage experience to fit her
for the most responsible parts. Her debut
was made with Frederick Warde. She
was then 4 years old and retains a vivid
recollection I of the terror , the ¦ tragedian's
sonorous voice inspired in , her. In fact,
she was caried off the* stage, howling.
Soon, however, her: fear wore away and
thereafter she was one | of the hits ¦ of I tho
show. A season with Joseph Grlsmer 'and
Phoebe Davies followed, the young actress
scoring hca-.-irys.as Edltha in ','Edltha's
Burgler," and - the baby in "Bottles
Baby." Miss Crews then left the- boards
to receive her education. She . graduated
from the San. Jose Normal School in 1898.
An engagement /was obtained at the Al
cazar, and ¦¦: there by dint ! of : sheer, -hard
work : the young actress has gained . a
footing which will . put her In the front
rank of her profession. Her most con
spicuous successes have been as Rose Van
Buren in the "Charity Ball," Kitty Itfes
In "The Wife," ;; Wilbers -Anne in "The
Girl I Left - Behind Me": and as Sue In
Bret Harte's play of that name.
Before she leaves for tho East Miss
Crews is to : receive a testimonial of her
popularity in the i shape of a grand benefit
matinee • at the, Alcazar. The, perform
ance will be given under the auspices of
the > pupils of the / Girte' High School,
which. Miss. Crews attended.: The; Alcazar
has* turned out j many good actresses, but
never : one ; of . whom .. it . has more 1 reason to
beproud of than its present ingenue.
DAINTY INGEinjE, WHO IS TO LEAVE ALCAZAIL
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Hattie Wilson from Thomas L.
Wilson for cruelty, Edna V. Armstrong
from John A. Armstrong for neglect. Ma
thias P. Van Derver from Evelyn L. Van
Derver for desertion. G. S. Sargent from
B. C. Sareent for desertion, Letitia A.
Williams from Daniel J. Williams for will
ful neglect and Mary J. L<undin from
Oscar H. 1-undin for cruelty. The contest
between Mr. and Airs. L.undin over their
property was submitted on briefs for de
cision by Judge TroutL
Suits lor divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide have been filed by Annie
Millisran against Patrick Milligan. Mrs.
L.. Holder against Andrew G. Holder,
Mary" E. Fraser against Louis C. Fraser
and Elsie Petersen against Benjamin
Petersen.
¦ • ¦
How to care for Belgian hares. Tells In Park
News every week. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. •
I P. Lefkovltz and Ah Sing, Pacific-street
i junk-dealers, were arrested by Detectives
Ryan and O'Dea yesterday on a charge
of buying junk from minors. Lefkovitz.
In the presence of the officers, bought a
of solder from three small boys. The
'officers, after placing the man under ar
rest, had the boys sell the solder to the
Chinaman.
Bought Junk. From Minors.
An Infant Suffocated.
William Nichols, the two-months-old son
of Mr. and Mrs. Nichols of 109 Welch
street, was accidentally smothered in bed
last Sunday night. The mother had
nursed the infant some time during the
night and had laid it to sleep beside her
7-year-old son, who was afflicted with the
whooping cough. It is supposed that the
boy. being restless because of the cough,
turned over in his sleep and lay upon the
Infant. Coroner Cole will hold an inquest.
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of our offlces. One trunk (round trip).
60 cents. Morton Special Delivery, 403
Taylor street, C50 Market street, Oakland
terry depot. •
The Gallant Captain.
Captain Hansen is a master mariner,
just now without a ship. He has known
Mrs. Le Blanche, who was formerly Cath
erine Turley. fcr several years, and was
engaged to be married to her when she
became the wife of Henry Le Blanche,
Until ten days ago he had been absent on
a voyape for fifteen months. He says that
he pVomised Le Blanche eighteen months
ago that he would not have anything to
do with his wife, and would have kept
his promise if she had not come to visit
him. L. '
Le Blanche is a pudgy Frenchman,
about jO years old. and has lived here
twenty-five years, keeping restaurants in
• various parts of the city. He seems to
consider that he has done right In shoot
ing his wife, although on the advice of his
attorney, Z. U. Dodge, he refuses to talk
of the matter.
-It was Dodge who secured the employ
ment of Curtin to secure evidence in a
suit for divorce brought by Mrs. Le
Blanche and now pending. Le Blanche
has had two former wives. One of them
died and the other Is In an insane asylum.,
Mrs Le Hlanche is about 25 years old
and quite pretty. She was employed in Le
Blanche's restaurant as cashier for ten
months prior to her marriage. She says
she was induced by her brother, Patrick
Turley. a student, and a married sister
to marry Le Blanche because the French
man had a good business. Now she re
grets that she did not marry Hanse^n. She
Fays that Le Blanche was such a brute
that she was obliged to leave' him at the
end of the first week and has only lived
with him at intervals since.
Fourth, and, as it will be the only public
display in that district, the management
have exerted themselves to contract for
the finest show of its kind ever given at
that resort. The features of the night
will be a pyrotechnic water fountain and
a large * reproduction of the battleship
Oregon firing a volley. Ample accommo
dations are being provided for the large
crowd expected.
THE woman with a past, of whom
we have heard so much of late, is the
main subject of Carton's five-act
drama, "The Tree of Knowledge,"
presented last n'ght at the Columbia The
ater The author has thrown no new light
upon this trite subject, the possibilities of
which have been almost exhausted by
Dumas fils and Pinero, but he has. by
skillful rearrangement of old material,
succeeded In writing two or three scenes
that are theatrically effective and that
give far better opportunities to Mr. Mil
ler's company than did the farce presented
last week. „
. In "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray the
hero (If so he may be called) knowingly
marries a courtesan; in Carton's play he
unknowingly does the same. This woman
had been the mistress of the hero s friend.
Sho soon tires of her huaban d, «J <**_"
tempts to run away with a third man.
The friend threatens to kill her If she
docs so, acting on the somewhat odd pre
sumption that the hero's honor will be
saved by his continuing to live with, a
wife whom he has good reasoivto belie-i e
unfaithful. Despite the friends attempt
the lady" succeeds in running away with
the' third man, and the hero— well, he
drops out of sight altogether in the last
act, leaving us to conjecture only that ne
lived a sadder and a wiser man.
This main plot is illfitted to a minor
plot, wherein the friend professes him
self unable m the first act to marry the
srirl he now loves, but finds himself quite
able to do so in the fifth act. Yet his re
lation to her has remained absolutely un
changed throughout the play.
We have also the old mechanical device
of the repeated overheard conversation,
whereby the villain is to be baffled, ana
.the usual .comic relief of the old man in
love with the ingenue. The exposition of
the first act is unnecessarily long, as Is
also the resolution of the fifth act. A
play that tells so threadbare a story as
this should not be allowed to detain an
audience in the theater until a quarter
before twelve. .
With all Its defects the play, as I have
said, contains some strong scenes, notably
that in the third act between Brian (Mr.
Miller and Nigil (Mr. Morgan), and that
in the fourth act between Belle (Miss
Martinot) and Nigil. Miss Martinot's
acting was a delight to behold; it com
bined ease with strength, clearness with
rapidity. Mr. Morgan, whose reappear
ance was loudly welcomed, played with
that absolute sincerity which Is his strong
est feature; Mr. Worthing, as a blase man
of the world; and Mr. Findlay, as a comic
gardener, were capital in their respective
lines; Mr. Miller, who was in much bet
ter voice than last week, generously sank
himself In a subordinate part that gave
him but one good opportunity, but that
he improved rarely. But Miss Anglin was
the surprise of the evening. This is the
first time to my remembrance that she
has ever played an ingenue part In San
Francisco; she certainly did it with in
effable sweetness and .grace. If I have
ever thought or said that she was good
only in hard, brilliant characters. I take
ft back. L. DU PONT SYLE.
Grand Opera-House.
Last night the new Frawleys made their
first appearance at the Grand Opera-house
In the much-talked of "Children of , the
Ghetto," dramatized .from the book by
its author, Israel Zangwill.
"The Children of the Ghetto" is a good
book, all but a great-' book. The play,
with the exception of the third act. Is
poor, and perhaps that is the fault of the
dramatist. In every act but the afore
mentioned third the brand of the novice Is
roughly apparent. - The first is complete
in Itself, the curtain falling upon a happy
ending that might fittingly have closed a
one-act play,, leaving, no element of sus
pense or expectation to prolong the Inter
est - The. action "Is" too compressed, the
situation unconvincing. It is found that
a mock marriage, made in jest between
the daughter of "Reb" Shemuel and the
betrothed of her friend, is binding "by the
laws of Moses."
At the discovery there Is expressed nei
ther sufficient sense of the seriousness of
the situation nor. if taken from the other
standpoint, of its absurdity; and the.dJ
vorce-while-you-wait • has the same nei
ther serious nor comic. aspect. The sec
ond act were better cut out altogether
but for a charming ," little love scene be
tween Miss Morrison — Hannah Jacobs —
and Henry Roberts— David Brandon. Its
situations are, of the kind contrived in the
Ark where the animals went in two by
two' each doing its characteristic song
and' dance— a vaudeville show In mlnla-
• tU But the third yact redeems the play, Reo
Shemuel discovers • that* by the perennial
"law of Moses" his daughter- may . - not
marry the man she loves because he is "a
nriest of Aaron,, and the: scene between
the three, Wilson Lackaye, Rosabel Mor
rison and Harry Roberts, is one of much
nower and keen human Interest. The last
act is only fairly good; it leaves behind an
impression- of patchwork. 'Wilton Lack
aye's Reb 1 ' Shemuel is a powerful crea-
difficulties, but the audience did not ob
serve that he was a very sick man.
"Wang," the popular comedy opera. Is to
follow.
California.
Hoyt's latest. "A Xlght and a Day." la
the attraction at the California, and the
Dunne & Rlley people make It go for all
it is worth. There Is not much more to
the "Night and a Day" than the usual
Hoyt farce can boast of, but there are
chances for many variety turns— chances
the players do not neglect. The next thing
on the California bill Is "A Contented
Woman." with Norma Whalley in the title
role.
Chutes.
The Chutes has a good bill this week.
The programme Includes Hadley and
Hart, musical duo; the Wilson Fam'ljr
and Miss Wiley, singers and dancers;
McDonald Brothers, Irish comedians:
Belle Wilton, in descriptive songs: Dick
Mack, monologlst, and new moving pic
tures.
Orphe-am.
tlon, touching greatness, and tho part
suits him admirably.
Rosabel Morrison Is a surprise and dis
tinct pleasure as the Rabbi's daughter.
Hannah Jacobs. She shows the schooling
of her clever father and some little amus
ing resemblances to Florence Roberts' use
of voice, eyes and -a delicate finish and
restraint. She also evinces emotional
power. Henry Roberts as David Bran
don played a manly part in manly iasn
ion. and though his work shows yet some
little lack of finish, there is plenty of
good material to work upon. 'Pinchas,
the poet, the principal comedy interest of
the play, was splendidly played by Wal
lace Shaw, and Phosa McAllister was an
entirely admirable Malka. Little Miss
Muffet— no, Duffet. is a charming little
girl and played her Important part so
as to bring down the house. The rest of
the cast, too numerous to mention, nuea
acceptably their roles. George Bowman,
however, would do well to tone down his
P Vlt'the end of the third act Wilton Lack
ave was called before the curtain and
presented with a "floral offering from his
brother Elks, who were Present in force.
Mr Lackaye made a neat little speech,
thanking the audience for Its appreciation
The stage management left much to be
desired. Walts were very long and the
final curtain was rung down but shoitly
before 12 o'clock^
Marie Stuart, not Queen of Scots, but
queen of soubrettes, is the fascinating
card at the Orpheum this week and the
Johnnies are twisting their lips in six
eighths time trying to whistle her chic
French songs. Her mimicry Is without
apparent effort: it flows naturally .like
water down hill, and It compels laughter
and admiration. While her French has
the true Paris Exposition flavor, her Irish
brogue is redolent as the turf of Conne
mara when it bu*ns on the hearth under
the pot of mealies. She is well supported
by Clayton White, who displays his ver
satility in' the dissimilar roles of the
Sporty husband and the professor of
Physical culture. Among the other new
comers the Quaker City quartet, .in their
musical sketch. "Fun in a Barber bhop.
are welcomed with encore after encore.
They happily do not belong to that de
testable tribe known ?s trick musicians,
but they are music and fun makers of the
genuine brand. The Cohans broke two
dozen corsets in the audience last night
and what greater tribute to their fun
making power could be given than that?
The Todd- Judge family, the three great
est acrobats before the American public
to-day. Introduces some new feats of skill
and strength. Gilbert and Goldie. Car
rinirton. Holland and Galpen and the
Musical Dale of the holdovers make a
combination that may always be depended
upon to draw big houses.
Alcazar.
The dramatized version of "Carmen"
was presented at the Alcazar Theater last
night to a crowded house. The play was
well staged and the costumes picturesque.
Miss Florence Robert3, In the title role,
was not at her best. Carmen Is supposed
to be a fascinating, heartless coquette,
but Miss Roberts' conception of the part
was If anything, a common, vulgar scold,
with nothing to attract men to her. Miss
Lorena Atwood made her first appearance
at this theater and was warmly greeted.
She played the part of Mercedes and left
nothing to be desired. 'White Whlttlesey
was Don Jose and acquitted himself cred
itably. Jeffrey Williams was not a suc
cess as Escamlllo, but Howard Scott, as
Garcia, was excellent. George P. Web
ster, as Rover, a soldier, was too bois
terous.
Fischer's Concert House.
Erma Wing, a San Francisco soprano,
made her debut at Fischer's Concert
house last night and was accorded a warm
welcome. She sang the Page's song from
the "Huguenots" and In response to an
encore gave the "Last Rose of Summer."
"With Isabella Underwood as Romeo and
Slg. Abramoff, she also sang the mar
riage scene from "Romeo and Juliet." and
displayed- much dramatic ability. Mas
ter Norman Phillips lent novelty to tt>e
programme by giving some Shakes
pearean recitations, and the d'Estelle
Sisters gave two pretty dances. Miss Ui.
derwood and Slgnor Abramoff sang solos
and Hlnrlchs* orchestra gave a varied
programme. To-night little Melville Coafc
ley a child singer and Impersonator, will
be added to the bill.
Tivoli.
This Is the second week of "Tne Gei
sha" at the Tivoli Oyera-house, but. the
Interest of the public. In the story of the I
teahouse as told In song has not abated j
in the least. Every part of the theater j
was well filled last evening and the vocal
ists were liberally applauded for their ef
forts, especially .t'errla Hartman. as the i
Chinaman: Miss Annie Meyers, as Molly,
Seamore; and Miss Georgie Cooper, as the :
French girL Tom Greene labored under
Burton Holmes' Lectures.
Burton Holmes will deliver a series of
lectures at the Columbia Theater on
Thursday afternoons and Sunday nights
during the Miller season. Henry Miller
stands sponsor for the lecturer and his
lectures. In the East the Holmes lectures
have become an acknowledged factor In
the amusement and educational world,
and are an annual event at Daly's Thea
ter, New York, during the Lenten season.
The lectures are Immensely Interesting,
amusing and instructive, while the illus
trative features, which consist of a pro
fusion of magnificently colored lantern
slides and a large series of motion pic
tures taken In the countries lectured upon,
far excel anything heretofore attempted.
The lectures will be given exactly as given
at Daly's Theater, New York, in every
minutest detail, the subjects being
"Manila," "Japan Revisited," "Round
About Paris," "The Grand Canyon of Ari
zona," "Moki Land" and "The Hawaiian
Islands." The first lecturT; will take place
on the afternoon of Thursday, July 19,
'with "Manila" as the subject.
"THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE" HAS
SOME VERY EFFECTIVE SCENES
SAYS STRANGER HELD HER
WHILE HUSBAND SHOT HER
Private Detective
P.J. Curtin's Pe
culiar Position.
Henry Le Blanche's
Victim Tells a
Strange Story of
Attempt on Her
Life.
Just what happened after that it is diffi
cult to say. Mrs. Le Blanche says that
fhe was able to return to Hansen's room
and put on her skirt and jacket, which
t-he had nrglocted to secure in her rapid
fMpht. Th«? others say she had her skirt
and jacket on when she lir=t appeared in
the hallway. Her own story is borne out
by the fact that when Hansen returned
"Pl^asf save me: My husband will kill
tne:" The stranger tightened his grip on
her arm and replied:
"All right. I'll protect you," and then.
In the wxt breath shouted, "Here she is,
Le Blanche, get it ready."
Divining the plot, Mrs. Le Blanche
¦wrenched herself from her captor and
Ftruck him violently in the face. He let
go of her suddenly and she fell forward
on her knees. Just then Lc Blanche
closed In from behind and, with an oath,
lired a bullet from a 33-caliber revolver
Into hi? wife's back.
This note was taken from the boy by
Le Blanche and his party. Thtir excited
ciscussion of the contents was heard by
Mrs. Le Blanche. »Tio was in bed. Whe'n
they knocked on her door she quietly
slipped, out cf a window to a back ve
randa and along to a door in a small hall
way that lt-d back to the main hall ami
the* stairs. In two more bounds she would
have been free and could have made her
escape.
But a heavy hand was laid on her arm.
In her fright she could only see that it
•was not ht-r husband, and screamed:
cri ra RS. HEXRY LE BLANCHE, who
//\'/\ was shot through the body by
II A\\ her husband in the Webb House,
** at 37 Second street, yesterday
rnornlnp:. and now lingers between life
and death at the Receiving; Hospital, tells
a story of the affair which, if proof can
be obtained, will certainly implicate one
or more f=o-called private detectives,
whom she charges with being accomplices
of her husband. She asserts positively
that she was held firmly by the arm by
a mail whom she did not know while
L* Blanche shot her. This man, she says
poized her while she was trying to avoid
her husband, who had threatened many
time? to kill her. and shouted to L*
}4!anche to come to his assistance. The
husband responded by fixing his pistol into
her back at close range while she was on
h<.-r knees, and now seems to glory in the
exploit. , , ,
P J Cm-tin, a spotter in the employ of
John Curtin's detective asrency. had fol
lowed the woman to Captain Andrew
Hassen's room, in the Webb House, about
]u::fi o'clock Sunday niuht. and after
making euro that she would likely remain
there, went to Le Blanche'** restaurant.
at 119 Stockton street, and notified the
husband of his wife's whereabouts. The
latter secured the services of his second
rook. Leon Darnel, as a witness, as he
claims and the three returned to the
Webb House, just Sn Time to meet Captain
Ilansen descending the stairs.
Hansen recognized Le Hlanche in the
dim light of the hallway, and although he
h;id merely stepped out, ball clothed, to
secure ponie be«-r. he decided that discre
«ion was the better part of valor and
walked rapidly to another house on Bush
street, where he rented a room. He rang
up a messenper boy and sent the follow
ing note to Mrs. L«e Blanche:
Betrayed by a Note.
Drar Katie: I am at Hush street. 339. I will
not be back to-night. Ccmc with boy and bring
irr rloth^f I met the Frenchman and two men
in the haJi as I »as goins out. I will move to
morrow. - A - Ll -
Mrs. Dora Elliott, 11% Dlkeman place,
who was arrested by Policeman E. G.
Ring Sunday night while on her way
home and charged with soliciting, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday.
One of her sons was in court with her.
Ring testiiied that he saw her speak to
a man, but did not hear what she said.
He went up to her and asked her what her
business was. She became excited and
hysterical, and said it was none of his
business. He asked her what she
was doing out so late talking to men on
the street. She denied that she had talked
to a man, and he placed her under arrest.
The Judge dismissed the case, and Mrs.
Elliott "said: "I was within half a block
of my home, Judge, and hurrying along
the street when this man arrested me. 1
met no one that I knew, and talked to no
one at all."
AV'hen the parties left the courtroom
Ring went up to Mrs. Elliott and apolo
gized to her for making the arrest, but
explained that under the circumstances
he was compelled to do what he did. The
lady declined to accept his apology. She
went to Captain Wlttman and maue a for
mal complaint against King, accusing him
of having been intoxicated. After hearing
her story Wittman preferred charges
against Ring before the Commissioners of
arresting a woman without lawful reason
and with no evidence to sustain the
charge; also of failing to report off duty
after the expiration of the watch.
Ring was sent for by Chief Sullivan, but
as the Chief had an important engage
ment Captain Seymour took the patrol
man's statement. It was simply a repeti
tion of his testimony in court. He de
nied that he was under the influence or
liquor, but could give no satisfactory rea
son for not reporting off duty.'
Thomas Nelson, the ten-year-old boy
who was dragged out of bed by Policemen
Robinson and Schmidt and put Into the
"tanks" because he was suspected of
stealing some brass hinges from William
Helblng. a contractor, had his case dis
missed by Judge Conlan yesterday. r*o
complaint was hied charging the boy with
burglary, and the Judge remarked that
he should never have been arrested.
Charges against the two officers were
immediately filed with Secretary Cad
walader of the Police Commissioners.
They are accused of violating sections of
the Penal Code by refusing. to tell the
bov on what charge he was arrested and
for not immediately taking him before
a magistrate.
The case has aroused considerable in
terest in the Mission, where the child's
parents are well known and respected,
and every effort will be made to punish
the officers for their harsh treatment and
degradation of a boy against whom noth
ing wrong had been charged previously.
Two Mission Policemen to Be Tried
for Alleged Unjustifiable Jail
ing of the Boy, Thomas
Nelson.
Ring Accused of Wrongfully
Arresting a Respect
able Widow.
CHARGES THAT
THREE OFFICERS
MUST ANSWER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1900
14
to the room at 5 a.m. he found blood on
the bed.
Police Are Indifferent.
Patrolman Meyers heard the shot and
r< ached the hall in time to catch Mrs. Le
Blanche in his arms as she staggered
about the place. Curtin remained by the
Fide of the woman until the police ambu
lance arrived. Le Blanche did not seem
at all disturbed over his -wife's condition
and readily delivered up his weapon to
Patrolman Sullivan, who was close behind
Meyers.
Curtin and the cook, Barnett, •were
taken to the City Prison with Le Blanche,
and Captain Hanson was rounded up
later. Now all members of the party are
at large. Despite the fact that Mrs. Le
Blanche's wound is likely to prove fatal
and the assault made upon her was most
cowardly. Police Judge Fritz signed the
release of Le Blanche on the merely nom
inal bond of 12000. Captain of Detectives
Seymour seemed to take no interest In
the case whatever. He took the state
ments of Curtin, Barnett and Hansen,
and then released them and apparently
dismissed the whole matter from his
thoughts. He appeared to resent any
questions on the subject. Sergeant Con
boy of the Southern station, however,
took a lively interest in the case. He
took Curtin to the bedside of the woundea
woman in the hospital. Curtin left his
long, brown overcoat behind in the Jail.
He removed his hat and sat down. Mr>.
Le Blanche was in terrible pain. She
glanced at Curtin and said:
"He's not the man."
When Curtin stood up and put dn his
hat she said he "looked like the man."
Sergx-ant Conboy made the following
brief report to Captain Spillane:
JULY 2, 1900.
Captain Spillane— Sir: Private Detective P.
J. Curtin presented this card et the City Prison
to Lieutenant Mooney when all hope of escape
was tone and admitted that he had made a
mistake to go v.ith the husband to the room
where the shootine tock place.
Section 971, Penal Code, says "accessories are
crinclpals." '. CONBOY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Market end Tenth Sis.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.
STUDEBAKER BROS. V
Attention Is Invited to a special sale cf
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
We have received this month nearly one
hundred new things In PNEUilATIC TIRE
BICYCLE GEAR TVAGON3. with wire
wheels and with wood hub wheels. These
wagons are a succers. and cur stock Is
more complete that ever, at prtcta ranging
From SI30 Upward.
We «how the finest things built tn Pneu-
matic Wagons, and at prices which have
not be«n equaled heretofore.
This is a Special Opportunity.
HOtTRS— Daily, J to 5. Evenings. T to
S. Sundays, 9 to 11. Elevator Entrance.
Specialists for diseases and weakness of
men. Largest institute and most exten-
sive practice. The remedies which have
made us famous are compounded In our
own private laboratory, free to patients.
No charge for consultation. Home cures.
Free private book at office or by niaJL
731 Market St., S. _F.
&C0.
DR.
MEYERS
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter.*
Mcst everyone who has whiskey for sale
compares Its virtues to Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey.
The outlook fcr British Methodism is re-
ported brighter than for a number of
years.
..¦_.¦¦ ~~ : :¦• iV< Hole's. ¦
mB h honor of the nation's birthday-the glorious Fourth-we remain
I kJ& furnishings for the Fourth I
I iH mm j
i dollar^ taSs'S? -Uors poiscl upon her dainty head, M
i iiroSV/] waists, belts veiling, handkerchiefs, neckwear-the place to fully fill the re- ||
H W)ti&&%£13 ( l uir ? f m . c , nt^ is hc t re ; t : n{r trivelin- baes baskets, trunk?, hammocks, then it's |§
I WM%sK "surely 1 k^'^in'TA^l^nVn lines appertaining to the fourth or |
I V/MWWK the hoL?need's-we nave extra money saving after inventory clearing sales. A
¦¦¦ •JmISr- good handkerchiefs I
H /// V [iridTjzA we are glad that they arrived in time for the y4ffim~ f]
H // \\$t^Nt^\ fourth, the lot is ISO dozen ladies handkcrchies, / J#^p^\ d
M //IMi^ZFL^J a sample line obtainjed at- one-third off the regu- ?^SS&^8^.\ §9
II 4> K lar value, they consist of plain white hemstitched. v JESt* v .$ ||
11 .^^ss^* embroidered and hemstitched, scalloped and lace vtV&A^ H
ra borders; also lace borders with valenciennes lace »
£M insertion, each handkerchief is on a neat card, and manufacturers* srun- 1
m pl« ari: absol "j y ca P r [" r e to attend this sale, sale price, each • |
1 r,Zn,,rih ' ' gloves that are good \ » unusual purchase and sale ¦
13 for tne lounn . ° . , . . . a certain a-
H fl aB s 2j4x4, muslin, on sticks ,f any kid glove can give satis- _^ manufacturer g.
d g ' .\ dozen, 2c; 3 dozen, Sc faction it is surely the Hte Jou- w hd , highly |§
M "flam '8x14, muslin, on sticks, v in, for which we arc agents. a j0^^^ yaluef our I
H flags, 0x14. ...dozen 24c full line of fashionable coloring; M I " : /K J^ d e - •«
H "nkgs','8xi2,"siik,"each. I5.c and black; per pair $i-53 faff A ; , sired to in . g
m y A wide stars and stripes or tn- YlzWs pique gloves are noted for \ifi^S§^^^ crease it. m
M color bunting, yard 4^ their sty fe ; fit aml supcr i O r wearing and conse . g
H horns, 12 inches long q Ua ij t j e s; per pair $i-5o quently he offered us very special m
I"-'. fOr th8 PlCniC .he H. B. lambskin R l«v. ; w« con- ggS^r^ 1
H wooden pie plates, per dozen.. 7 c s.der as unquestionab ly Jhe bet the JJ^J |§
H Japanese paper napkins, per glove sold at its price, P«M>»»r^ fa ? turcr nor ourse Ives will practi- |§
¦9 hundred cally make a cent on the. goods Sgl
fa fnr tie vacation the extra savi " g to you wil1 be U
eh iui i»w »w» ...nv^Ti 1 11 1 -I..- -«i«» another encouragement to make 211
If hammocks closely woven, fa a m^ Inexpensive WaiSt th ; s your shopping home. ffl
m stretcher and pillow, worth $1.25.. opportuni t y to mak e a swell .tiunks-canvas covered, nicely M
m "Vinmmocks' colored Mexican waist at a trifling expenditure, lined, one >^___ H*
« • J« mm 8x«j S 1 * 0 s ome 1721 yards 32-inch wide tray. iron ppS|^^£F?! Egg
M RraSS ' 4aX9 ° "I: - .. madras, in charming colorings of bound \U^S^^K^A M
M neW VeilingS fOr the fQUrin pink, blue and lavender stripes, sizes 30, 3J, ttSs^Uf^gJ^??, M
m they are in the hair line effects, the goods are short lengths, but 5 34 and 3©: Bi^EK^rSr^ll 13
H olain or dotted, with chenille or to 10 yards, and here is the reason trunk s te^^T£^8pr^ M
Wi velvet dots the price is, per yard why in place of the regular price u s u a 1 1 y ~-^ iU^£^~^&* m
£3 50c of 15c we offer them at, per yard.Sc sold at _ —^r w
05 ~ 9500 each, but by virtue of our tin- |J
H DUl'eV beitS for the fOlirth ¦ usual purchase offered $3.87 f|,
II they are made of all silk satin {g^gJF",^^ ffl J &5&®4g& leather linjf 3 i^d^coverTrame' H
SSStewart^P^
Banjos jy^ eo
1 A$r\ andGu^ tars
vV Those arc the 1
w^^^^j^/ instruments t o
ij U y when you
purchase a ban-
jo, mandolin or guitar. They
rank the highest in their line
and ftand to-day without suc-
cessful imitators.
The Stewart Banjos are de-
manded by professionals, teach-
ers and amateurs solely through
the merit of the instruments.
Bauer Mandolins and Guitars
are as universally popular as are
' Stewart Banjos. They improve
with age — a peculiarity of Vast
importance to discriminating
players.
Take along one of these instru-
ments on your outing July -Jth
or on your vacation.
Catalogues upon request.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CQ.'S : j
. Piano and Music House, J?\
Xearr.y and Sutter v^^^^^^*£
{Streets. j4&tZr '
4 -^fi^<(> "a'a* <flf$£'&V