CHARACTERS WHO FIGURE IN THE SCANDAL OF THE PROBATE COURT. X
¦ • ¦•¦¦•¦¦..-', ¦ ...-....¦¦¦¦. .-¦¦•. ¦ ¦ .-.•; j - • . ¦ ¦ r '•'" v i
Continued on Pace Three.
man. unable to read or write and em
phatically opposed to giving Information
of any kind. If she had been able to
write Chretien could have communicated
with her and that meant that his ex
penses would have been reduced. He said
he sent an agent to the mysterious wo
man, whose identity nvist remain a mys
tr-ry as far as the records of Judge
Troutt's court are concerned, and could
get no satisfaction.
He therefore reported that having an
idea that the dead man had a brother liv
ing either in Ireland or England he deter
mined to go to San Jose and make an In
vestigation. He went and says he drove
cut into the country in a direction known
only to himself. He sought the mysteri
ous* woman whose name and identity are
not known and received from her the
gratification of his hopes, the startling
information that Sullivan had a brother
John residing at 34 Soho Square, London.
The long lost heir had been found. John
M. Chretien had taken the first step In the
shameful scheme to secure possession of
an estate through a bogus heir. He re
turned to San Francisco and says he sent
ail necessary information and Instruc
tions to London, taking the precaution to
prepay all postage.
The Heir Vanishes Mysteriously.
And then he is forced to confess his dis
may. The scheme to produce an heir had
not progressed far enough. His letter to
"John Sullivan" was returned to him. he
says, by the London postal authorities,
with the announcement that John had
moved and had left no address. The
mysterious old woman living somewhere
near San Jose had been mistaken and
John M. Chretien asked the court for en
couragement and advice. He wanted, he
said, to communicate with the postal
authorities of London to enlist them in
his cause, to persuade them to make a
search which if undertaken by London
solicitors would involve great expense.
He wanted to advertise in the London
newspapers and, to carry the farce to its
completion, he wanted to take the testi
mony of aged and ir^irra persons whose
identity is still a myetery in order that
the proof of the heirship of John Sulli
van, which was to be established, might
not be jeopardized.
For all of this Chretien asked the Court
than an extremely shadowy reality in the
case.
. Before this happened, however, there
came another startling surprise in this
shameful conspiracy to steal through the
probate court the property of the unpro
tected dead. While the Industrious
Chretien was scouring England and Ire-
Ireland in a long distance search for the
elusive John Sullivan another attorney
equally industrious had evidently been at
work. This lawyer had not been in the
case. He had never been heard of or seen
in connection with the estate and his ap
pearance was as mysterious as were his
subsequent actions. .
It is needless to say that his Interjec
tion into the affair was a most disagree
able and annoying surprise. "While the
conspirators were insisting that they
were looking for John Sullivan, the
brother of tho dead man. this new attor
ney, James Taylor Rogers, threw a bomb
shell into their midst by announcing his
appearance as attorney for the only heirs
at-law of Joseph Sullivan, his nieces Miss
Mary Ann Sullivan and Miss Helena Sul
livan and his nephew Philip Sullivan.
These "heirs" had never been heard of
and James Taylor Rogers gave no further
information in reference to their Identity.
He did not even tell where they were to
be%found, but like three jacks In a box
they bounced into the case. James Taylor
Rogers did vouchsafe the assurance, how
ever, that In due time he would submit
proof of his clients' heirship. That was
on October 16. 1S03, and one thing was cer
tain: • It John Sullivan, the alleged
brother of Joseph Sullivan, were alive
the nieces and nephew of the dead man
could not be. under the law. his only
heirs. The very documents in the case
were beginning to smell of fraud and to
tell of the conspiracy wjiich subsequently
ripened into vicious success.
Proving Heirship Out of Court.
James Taylor Rogers proved to be a
very patient lawyer. He had given no
tice that he would appear in court and
prove the heirship of three persons. He
knew that another person, who, he in
sisted, was dead, was claiming the estate,
and would In the natural course of events
secure it if no protest was made. But
Mr. . Rogers made no effort to represent
his' clients In court for more than six
months from the day he filed notice that
he would appear for them. Tnere Is ex
cellent evidence to prove, however, that
Mr. Rogers was not ignorant of the
movements of the attorney for the mys
terious John Sullivan. As a matter of
fact, the attorneys on both sides were
very carefully watching or.e another.
The attorney for the mysterious John
Suliivan. the notorious Chretien, made the
flrst move, and it proved to be the mos;
startling and sensational in the entire
case as far as it had developed. The elu
sive heir, who was supposed to live some
where in England or Ireland, had been
found at last. He had made a marvelous
leap from England or Ireland, and hatl
landed in Sacramento. At least that wa-a
what John M. Chretien declared in a stip
ulation between him and Abraham Ruef,
attorney for the Public Administrator.
Thi3 stipulation is one of the most re
markable documents In the case. It is
an appeal to Judge Troutt to permU
John Sullivan, the client of John M. Chre
tien and the claimant for the estate of
Joseph Sullivan, to make his deposition,
proving heirship. in San Francisco, before
George T. Knox, a notary public. The
stipulation recites that John Sullivan I*
a resident of Sacramento and unable to
go before Judge Troutt. No reason for
this inability is given, and the absurd re
quest Is made that the proposed heir b->
allowed to make hi* deposition in the very
city in which the court is in session.
Extraordinary as was the appeal. Abra
ham Ruef. the attorney for the Public
Administrator, agreed to It. And. to cap
the climax of mysterious proceedings.
Judge James M. Troutt issued a com
mission for the taking of this deposition.
A man who had never been seen, who had
not clearly been traced, whose very, ex
istence was a question of serious doubt
and attack, was allowed to prove his
right 'to thousands of dollars out of court.
It was' admitted that toe could come to
San Francisco, bat he could not go mto
court. The stipulation between Ruef and
Chretien was filed on April 9 of thia
year, and on the following day Juris ;
Troutt Issued the commission to Notary
George T. Knox. Eight days later Pub
lic Administrator John A- Drinkhous*
filed a petition asking- that his final ac
counts be accepted, his trust dissolved
and the entire estate be distributed ti>
John Sullivan, the mysterious client of
the notorious Chretien. The sharks wer#
ready for the final feast on the property
of the dead. But they were to meet with
a startling snag before the prey fell into
their hands.
Becord Stolen From the County
Clerk's Office.
"When the deposition of John Sullivan
was taken no one can tell and prove what
he says. There is a record that It was
filed in the office of the County Clerk on
April 13. one day after Public Administra
tor Drinkhouse asked to be relieved from
further duty as administrator. If that de
position, which is the only shadow of
proof of the heirship of the man to whom
the estate was awarded, was filed In the
office of County Clerk "William A. Deane
it has been stolen. It Is not in the
records; it is not in the vaults where such
documents are kept for safe keeping. As
far as the probate court of Judge Trouit
is concerned. It Is as If It never existed.
The shameless character of the entiro
affair i-» thus apparent. A man who never
appeared in court, who was supposed tr>
be either In England or Ireland, who was
mysteriously found in Sacramento and
permitted by Judge Troutt to prove, his
heirship in a notary's office, has posses
sion of an estate by authority of a de
position which should be In the office of
the County Clerk and Is not there. The
Grand Jury of San Francisco should re
quire very little more to begin an investi
gation and determine what becomes of the
estates of the dead in this city.
More than this, the "John Sullivan" who
was awarded an estate of several thou
sand dollars by order of Judge Trcutt Is
not a resident of Sacramento and never
has been. The attorneys who stipulated
that his deposition be taken, the notary
who took It. the Judge who accepted it.
cannot produce him or the witnesses who
signed the document he had made.
After eleven months of delay an heir
had been found, in a single week made hi*
appearance and proved his heirship, and
the Public Administrator was ready t<»
present his final accounts and give the
estate to this new found heir, notwith
standing the extremely significant fact
that more than six months before three
other heirs had been interjected Into the
case and their attorney, James Taylor
Rogers, had given assurance that ho
would prove their heirship in court. If
these heir3. whose claims were pending,
were what they professed to be. then the
man who was about to receive the estato
was an impostor. But affairs progressed
merrily on and Judge Troutt fixed th<»
hearing of the petition of the Public Ad
ministrator for the moraine of May i
The petition was not heard on that morn-
Ing; a bombshell had been thrown Into
the camp of the probate conspirators and
they were covered with consternation Jus:
as the estate was to pass Into their hand*.
James Taylor Rogers waited until four
dajs before the day set by Judge Troutt
for the final hearing and distribution nf
the estate and then, he presented a sensa
tional document which exposed the entire
shameful plot to rob the dead 1 . He had
at last ta*en steps to protect the intsr
ests cf those nlees and nephew in whose
behalf he promised, on October Mt to,
appear. He denounced the man who was
about to receive the estate as an im
poster. a bogus heir who was represent
ing himself to be -what he was not. and
should not receive a cent of the estate.
The man who had never been In court,
whose heirship had been proved by a
deposition which is not In the County
Clerk's office, whose identity ia a mys
tery, was a scoundrel supported by un
scrupulous attorneys. The John Sullivan
who was a brother of Joseph Sullivan
died. Rogers declared, several years ago
in London.
Bogus Heir Denounced in Court.
This sensational document was filed on
to give him money. He demanded pay-"
ment for his continuous service from May
8. 1S39, to August 23, 1*59, for the strange
trip to San Jose, for the correspondence
with the London authorities. 'for the pros
pective search for an heir who lived some
where 'in Ireland or England. The court
took the matter seriously under consid
eration and allowed John M. Chretien
$100 The allowance seemed ridiculously
small, particularly In view of the fact
that Judge Troutt had awarded Abraham
Ruef $200 for less than a month's service
and practically no work. But the crafty
Chretien made no complaint and the
search for the heir went merrily on.
Months passed, however, before the elu
sive John Sullivan received any other
Important Records Are
Stolen From the Office
of the County Clerk to
Destroy Evidences of the
Crime.
He said that the former landlady of
Sullivan had referred him in his. quest
for information to an old friend of the
dead man. This old friend proved to be,
so the Ingenious seeker after an heir de
clared, an aged, extremely ignorant wo-
On August 23, 1S99, therefore, he filed his
extraordinary demand. He insisttd that
from the time of his appointment, on May
S. 1S&9. he had been continuously employed
in a search for absent or minor heirs. He
had convinced himself, he said, that Sul
livan had left no heirs in America, a most
significant fact, which John M. Chretien
ought to have reason to regret. But if
there were no heirs in America, the indus
trious attorney was not deterred.
John M. Chretien and Fel
low Conspirators Present
a Bogus Heir and Are
Awarded the Estate of
Joseph Sullivan.
THIS ease, which involves the de
liberate, systematic theft of an
estate, the criminal squandering and
misuse of funds, the manufacture of
a bogus heir and a conspiracy of un
scrupulous attorneys, has been but thinly
disguised under the forms of law in the
probate court over which Judge James M.
Troutt presides. The rascality of the con
epirators is apparent even in the docu
ments which are on rile. The £uilt of the
thieves is palpable in the astonishing fact
that the only evidence which might prove
the heirsfcip of the pretender to the prop
erty of the dead, the deposition made by
tie b-jgus heir, in this city while the court
tv.is fn session, is missing from the County
Cierk s office, where it should be on file
and where it should remain, at least a
paper vindication cf the claims of a man
who -was siever seen in court, who cannot
now be found and who was permitted by
tho court, on a stipulation of attorneys,
to tell his story out of court.
Joseph Sullivan, over whose estate the
human sharks of the probate court have
fought until they won a division of the
F»>oi!s. was a tailor la this citv. living, up
to the time when he was taken to the
Trecch Hcspital to die. at 405 Hyde street,
.^e had few friends anu no living rela
tives. Indeed, it was a matter of con
siderable difficulty to tell who he was or
from whence he came. He had never
rcarried, and was or.e of those men the
habits of whose lives involve their aSairs
in mystery and give opportunity for
thieves in the disposition of their estates
after death.
Sullivan had accumulated over J5200,
most of which was In money In various
local bank*. He had J32S0 In the Pacific
States Saving. Loan and Building So
ciety, J235 In the Hibernia Bank and JS26
In the Sa.n Francisco Savings Union. He
also posi-esscd a few shares of stock and
a lot in outside city lands. The estate
was not much, but it was great enough, to
chow «rnat tkitvc! can do In the probate
court o£ Judge James M. Troutt-_
Chretien Chosen by Judge Troutt.
Sullivan was taken ill in February of
last year and went to the French Hospital
for treatment. He was attended by Dr.
W. F. McXutt and Dr. Dudley Tait.- A
capital operation was i>erformed. and the
man, over whose property the probate
sharks have feasted, died on May 5, lblO.
Three days later Judge James M. Troutt
appointed the notorious and then dis
credited lawyer, John M. Chretien, attor
li.-y fur the absent and minor heirs and
the creditors. There was to be no de
lay. The dead man was not yet buried
when Judge Troutt decided that a lawyer,
•whose actions had made him obnoxious
to the reputable members of his profes
sion and offensive to decent men, was the
proper person to represent the absent and
minor heirs, if there were any. of the
estate. But the game had just begun;
the conspiracy, which lias covered the
court with shame, was not yet formed.
There was to be a division of legal spoils,
a Quarrel of greedy attorneys and the fil
ing of compromising documents before the
last of the estate was to leave the pro
tecting hand of Judge Troutt.
The Public Administrator, who was then
John A. Drinkhouse. was watchful of his
Interests and faithful to his duty, and
through his attorney. Abraham Ruef, ap
plied for letters of administration on the
eame day that the discredited Chretien
was appointed attorney for the absent and
minor heirs. As Sullivan left no will the
petition of the Public Administrator was
gTanted, and then began the struggle for
what the dead man had left.
In the probate cepartmem presided over
by Judge James M. Troutt the costs of ad
ministration are. enormous. It seems in
credible that before the estate passed out
of the hands of the court, and when only
a few minor debts had been paid. J1S65 70
had been eaten out of a property valued
at only &-£5 &7. On May 22, Wj, the Pub
lic Administrator received his appoint
ment. On June IS, ls&t. less than one
month later, Abraham Ruef, the attorney
for the Administrator, was awarded J200
on account of services rendered. And still
the notorious Chretien was looking for the
aJbmsct heirs. The pressure on Ruef's
mtntal machinery must have been severe.
But there were other expenses which the
court in its Judgment decided were just
end should be allowed. The doctors, who
attended the dead man until the under
takers took charge of hfm, had to be paid.
Dr. W. F. ilcNutt was modest. He had
j.aid only three visits and was satislied
•with $20. Dr. Dudley Tait. who performed
the capital operation, wanted $500. and
probably was satisfied with $350, which
Judge Troutt allowed him. If payments
like these continued Chretien would have
bad reason to look quickly for his absent
fceir*. <r.V*' ¦
And then the undertaker had to be paid.
The hearse that carried Sullivan's body to
the prave had only one carriage behind
It. and ho poor was the dead man in
friends ;hat the undertaker furnished It.
When lie presented his bill and Judge
Jarnt-s M. Troutt allowed Jt the amount
was $-">35 SO, which was paid out of the es
tate. Funeral expenses in Judge Troutfs
court come high. Several other minor
bills and oiaims -were paid, and then the
financial duty of burying Sullivan was
complete. ¦
A Strange Ride Into the Country.
Several months passed and no heir had
br:en found. What was left of the estate
was in the possession of the Public Ad
ministrator, when the odious John M.
Chretien presented a remarkable docu
ment and demanded that he not only be
paid out of the estate for what he had
done, but for what he expected to do. The
conspiracy to iob the estate had been
formed. A mythical heir was shadowed.
I dimly, mysterious witnesses were hinted
Lot and the ground was gently broken for
arivancir.B. Into the plot, -which subse
quently developed into as shameful success.
Ru*>f had already received Bome money.
The doctors arid the undertakers had been
paid, but Chretien hai icccivcd nothinc
THE grossest crimes ag-ainst the dead are being committed in th-3 probate court of Judge James M.
Troutt in this city. A ring of attorneys has found this court a rich field for criminal operations,
and this morning The Call exposes a conspiracy which in its shameless audacity, in its outrageous
use of an agency -which should -protect tha dead and in its success in niching the estate of a dead
man is shocking.' The Call has been engaged in the investigation of local probate and collateral in
heritance affairs for some tijne, and in the progress of its inquiry has discovered an instance of delib
erate and well-planned fraud which must demand the attention "of the Grand Jury.
The estate of a dead man has been coiiipletsly stolen by a ring of lawyers. The property has
besn awarded by Judge •Txoutt to a bogus heir v/ho^ncver appeared in court, and the only document
which would have given a shadow of proof for ' his' fictitious heirship is missing from the office of the
County Clerk. The amount involved was comparatively small, something 1 more than S5000, but the
methods which gave criminal success to a plot in which heirs were invented and destroyed, in which
court processes and legal forms were used for evil ends end in which .dead men were impersonated, give
dangerous promise that other and larger estates may be stolen in like manner.
The case which The Call esposea this morning is that of Joseph Sullivan, who died without will
or known heirs on May 5,- 1899, in this city. Three days after, his death Judge James M. Troutt ap
pointed the notorious John M. Chretien attorney for. the absent heirs. The Public Administrator, John
A. Drinkhouse, through his attorney, Abraham Jtuaf , took charge of the estate. Several months later
Chretien hinted that he had found in the brother of Joseph Sullivan the only heir. As a matter of fact,
this brother had b^en dead several years. In October of last year Attorney Jamss Taylor Rogers gave
notice that he would appear for the only legal heirs — two nieces and a nephew of Joseph Sullivan —
supposed to be residing in London.
Not until April of this year was there another important move made in the conspiracy, when
Chretien announced that he had fcund the brother of Joseph Sullivan, who was supposed to be either
in lKland.br England. The crafty attorney said that he had found the heir in Gacramsnto, and begged
that he be allowed to take his deposition before George T. Knox. No reason was g^iven for this extra
ordinary request, and the court was in session. v Strange as was the demand, Judge Troutt granted it.
The deposition was taken, but has never been ssen' in the County Clerk's office. The man who made it
and the witnesses who signed it were impostors.
A day before the deposition was supposed to be filed John A. Drinkhouse appealed to the court
to be relieved from his administration, and asked that John Sullivan be given the property. Judge
Troutt fixed May 3 as the day for hearing, and on April 30 Jam«s Taylor Rogers filed a sensational doc
ument, in which he demanded a hearing and an opportunity to prove. that John Sullivan was an im
postor, a boguc heir impersonating- a dead man. James Taylor Rogers demanded the further right to
prove that the people he represented -were actually the nieces and nephew of Joseph Sullivan and his
. only heirs, i ....
Four days jiater-^-on -May 4 and. not May -3, a most .'significant fact — Judge James M. Troutt
awarded the estate to John Sullivan,' and in his decree of distribution, which was hidden away in the
office of the County. Clerk, he declared that James Taylor Rogers had appeared in open court and had
confessed that what, he had asserted four days before wa3 false, and that the people he claimed to
represent were not the nieces and nephew of Joseph Sullivan nor in any way related to him. These
are the scandalous facts which re veal, the atrocious operations of a ring of lawyers who operate in the
probate court of Judge James M. Troutt. This is the expose of how scoundrels are permitted to feed
upon the dead in this city.
RING OF LOCAL LAWYERS REAPING A RICH HARVEST
IN THE PROBATE COURT OF JUDGE JAMES M. TROUTT
BY STEALING THE PROPERTY OF THE INTESTATE DEAD
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 9, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 39.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLTIENTSIN- BOMBARDED BY RUSSIANS.
¦ 1 '
BERLIN, July 8.— A dispatch from Tientsin says the Russians unsuccessfully bombarded
the native town on July 2. The strength of the allied troops is about 10,000
lOXDON, July 8. — A dispatch from Tientsin dated July 3 says:
"Since early morning the Chinese have heavily bombarded the settlements. Admiral "Sey
mour has ordered the women and children conveyed to Taku at the earliest possible moment."
CHINESE SHELL THE FOREIGN QUARTER.
Continued on Sixth Page.
WASHINGTON, July S.-The last
China mall to reach the State
Department brought the report
of Minister Conger, perhaps the
last of his that will ever come
to hand. This bears date of Pe
king, May 2L It la of the utmost impor
tance, disclosing as It does a full compre
hension on the part of the foreign Minis
ters in Peking of the character and extent
of the Boxer uprising, even though Mr.
Conger, himself by disposition optimistic,
found some reason to hope that the worst
was over at that date. What Mr. Conger
has to say as to the attitude of the Chi
nese Government toward the Boxer move
ment, as revealed in the formal Inter
change that toc.k place between himself
and the Tsung U Yamen, Is not only of
peculiar interest now, but probably will
have a strong bearing on the final reck
oning that must be had between the civil-
CHICAGO, July 8.— James W. Porter of
Chicago has received a cablegram from
Chefu announcing that his brother, the
Rev. Henry J. Porter, and his sister. Miss
Mary H. Porter, missionaries of the Amer
ican Board of Commissioners for For
eign Missions, stationed at Pang Chuang,
200 1 miles south of Tientsin, had arrievd
***5 v R t Chefu on Thursday, July 5.
coming overland from Chinan Fu. the
capital of the province. ¦* They were ac-
S? l6d ,^ the Rev. H. P. Perkins.
Chuang mlssionar y, stationed at Pang
Two Missionaries Safe.
NEW YORK, July 8.-The Sun has this
from London: The St.' Petersburg cor
respondent of the Dally Mail says that
a relative of M. de Glers. the Russian
Minister to China, has received confirma
tion of the report relative to the death of
De Glers in Peking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REPORTED DEATH OF
DE GIERS CONFIRMED
"The telegraph statron at Moukden has
been destroyed, severing the connection
between Port Arthur and Korea. The
Viceroys of Nankin and Wu Chang tele
graph to the British Consul urging the
foreign powers to guarantee the person of
the Dowager Empress, no matter what
happens in the north."
The Shanghai correspondent of \ the
Press, cabling on July 7, says:
"The Russian. French and German ad
mirals have had a long conference. They
expressed themselves as averse to seeing
large Japaneso forces landed in China in
advance of the other powers."
"We learn from a private message from
Canton that X.1 Hung Chang has tele
graphed direct to the Chinese Minister in
London urging him to request the British
Government to approach the United States
Government ¦with a view to a joint invita
tion to Japan to "co-operate in the main
tenance of the Chinese empire and the es
tablishment of a strong government on a
solid basis, the three then uniting in an
appeal for the support of all the other
powers." :
The Shanghai correspondent!'' of the
Times, telegraphing Sunday, says:
' LONDON, July 9.— The Times says this
morning:
LI HUNG CHANG SEEKS
THE Ain OF AMERICA
Considerable Importance ' is > attached
here to the telegraphic anonuncements
that Prince Ching is leading a counter
revolution against the rebels in Peking.
The Prince is the head of the Tsung-li-
Yamen, the Chinese Foreign Office, and
the commander of a garrisoned force in
the capital. His influence is said to be
considerable, and the fact, if the report
be confirmed, that he has espoused the
cause of the government of the Empress
and that the loyal troops- are with him.
it is said, may prevent further murder
and pillage by the rebels, and in this in
direct manner be the means of aiding the
foreigners. The Prince is a member of
the Reform party.
Mr. "Wu. the Chinese Minister, continues
optimistic in spite of the alarming state
ments which have appeared. Such re
cent communications aa he had with the
officials of the southern provinces lead
him to believe that up to a very recent
date the legationers were still safe.
sponsible for the slight hope which pre
vails that they (the Ministers) are yet
alive. The statements purporting to come
from Sir Robert Hart, English Inspector
of Customs, are regarded as the best In
formation which has been received. While
showing that conditions are desperate* the
dispatches have not'been entirely without
hope.
up to a certain specified time, together
with the absence of any corroborative
proof of their murder, is partially re-
has been received during the day from
the consular representatives in China of
the United States. The cumulative state
ments, however, which have been printed
from various portions of the empire re
porting the diplomatic corps, with the ex
ception of the German Minister, as safe
Mall Report From Minister
Conger Shows That the
Powers Were Warned
Weeks Ago.
COUNTER REVOLUTION
MAY SAVE FOREIGNERS
WASHINGTON. July 8.-A slightly
hopeful feeling for the safety of the lega
tioners in Peking is apparent in official
circles to-night. The hope la. not founded
on any official dispatches < which have
reached the State Department, as nothing
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 8.— One dispatch
yesterday 'and one to-day were received
from Rear Admiral -Kempff, : but Acting
Secretary Hackett withholds .them from
publication. As a result speculation is
rife to-night as to their contents.
From what can be'iearned foreign ad
mirals have been considering a plan of
action that shall be adopted for the relief
of Peking, but no movement need be ex
pected Until the Japanese army corps
reaches China. Admiral Remey will suc
ceed Admiral Kempff in command, but
there is reason ¦ to believe that Admiral
Kempff will be retained in Chinese wa
ters.
Rear Admiral Kempff has been in
formed that infantry, artillery and cav
alry will be sent to hlB assistance, not
withstanding the declaration of the au
thorities that all trooos ordered are in
tended for the Philippines, to be diverted
to, China only* in case of necessity. The
message sont to Admiral Kempft Is very
explicit, as far as can be learned, and
indicates that he will have 5000 troops
within a very short time. This body of
men will be made up of the Ninth Infant
ry. Sixth Cavalry and probably the two
regiments the department is contemplat
ing ordering from the Philippines.
followed the railway as far as Lang
Chan and then , swept to the west
and attacked the Chinese eighteen miles
north of Tientsin and killed 1000 of them.
The Shanghai' correspondent of the
Standard says reports from Tientsin, from
Chinese sources, say that a great battle
has taken place, in which the Chinese lost
heavily. The allies at Tientsin are short
of provisions and suffer considerably from
"sniping."
The Daily Mail's Tientsin correspondent,
in a dispatch dated July 2, via Chefu, July
4, says:
"No forward move is possible with less
than 30,000 men. A document has been
found signed by a British resident on be
half of British manufacturers offering
Viceroy Chi Ching Chung complete arma
ments and officers and an army corps for
1 £400,000.
'''The messages of British correspondents
at Tientsin are censored by the British
authorities, but there is no censorship ex
ercised over the other correspondents."
The Daily Telegraph's Canton corre
spondent, wiring Friday via Hongkong,
says:
"LI Hung Chang was officially notified
to-day that President McKinley appre
ciates his friendship for the allied pow
ers. Now that anarchy controls the capi
tal President AIcKinley trusts to the re
sponsible provincial authorities to carry
out the international obligations of the
Chinese Government."
-The Shanghai correspondent ¦ of the
Daily Telegraph, under date of July 7,
says:
"Boxer emissaries are coming to the
south, disguised, for the purpose of en
listing men. The situation is, grave."
Emperor William, says a Berlin dis
patch, to-day received the following from
the Governor at Tientsin, which refers to
the promise of reward to any one who
should accomplish the deliverance of a
foreigner from Peking:
"Being notified of "your Majesty's tele
gram, the Governor of Shantung replied
that 'from the outset I have been full of
anxiety regarding the Europeans in Pe
king, and 1 have made repeated attempts
to send a messenger and get help to them,
but in vain. Now all roads to Peking are
beset with rebels, and therefore whatever
measures are taken now offer even less
prospect of success than before. Never
theless I shall consider it my duty to do
everything in my power for tneir help.' "
General Orloff, a brilliant soldier, has
been appointed" chief of staff of the Rust-
Elan forces in China. •
? . •
AMERICAN CAVALRY
TO FIGHT IN CHINA
Allied Force of Nearly One
Hundred Thousand Men
Soon Will Face the Boxer
Hordes.
LONDON, Ju.y 9. — The Daily
Telegraph has this dispatch from
its special correspondent:
Ju>y 8.— The Jap
anese Government has decided to
increase, immediately its force in
China to 23,000 men and 5000
horses.
CALL- HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, 'WASHING
TON, July 8.— An allied force of
nearly 100,000 men is in China or on
its way to Taku. These figures are
larger than those given yesterday,
but are based on more accurate informa
tion, which has just been received in an
official quarter here. It was learned to
day that several governments, apprer
dating the need of an expression of opin
ion as to the number of men required to
establish and preserve order, recently di
rected the several admirals at Taku to
wire a statement as to the strength of the
force necessary to suppress the revolt.
The instruction was a matter of oonfer
ence between the admirals, and the high
est estimate seems to have been made by
a Japanese officer, who placed the number
at between 70,000 and 100,000. The estimates
of the British, Russian and German of
ficers were smaller.
As to that made by Admiral Kempft the
authorities decline to speak, but there is
reason to believe th:it it was slightly less
than the lowest figure of the Japanese
sailor. It may be that it is Admiral
Kempff's statement that has caused the
officials to hesitate to .urge the dispatch
of troops to Taku until the arrival of the
Japanese division and the Ninth Infantry,
which will bring the total fighting
strength of the. allies to about 45.000 men. j
The allied ".force at Taku and Tientsin
now consists of -IS/iOO men. Reinforce
ments under orders consist of 19,000 Japa
nese troops, 15,000 Germans. 13,000 Rus
sians, 11,000 Americans, 10,000 British, 8000
French and 3000 Italians. .
Japanese Officer May Command.
Upon the arrival of the Japanese division
at Taku the question of the officer who
will be placed in command will naturally
arise. The Japanese corps will be com
manded by a lieutenant general, and, so
far as known here, he will be the rank-
Ing officer. It may be that Russia may
not desire to permit Japan to have a pre
ponderating force and a Japanese officer
in the direction of affairs, and may send
an officer with the rank of general. to com
mand her forces. •- He would, of course,
rank the Japanese officer. So far as this
Government is concerned, it is willing to
have any efficient officer in command, be
he Russian or Japanese, provided haste
is observed in starting the expedition to
the relief of Peking.
Considerable satisfaction is felt In of
ficial circles at the declaration of M. Del
casse yesterday that '.'it is impossible for
one power to declare war against China."
This is the understanding of the authori
ties here, and they are hopeful that that
view •will 1 continue to, prevail. An inter
national law expert who discussed the
situation to-day made this statement:
"Prince Tuan seems to be at the head
of 'the trouble. He is not recognized by j
any power, or even by his own people.
The situation from an. International point
of view Is this: ; Certain hostile conditions
exist, of which the powers take notice, as
they take notice of ; any fa^ts affecting
them. The death of the Ministers would
not; alter. the legal situation, there being
no government back of the crime. " Ac
cording to the facts thus far obtainable,
the Government of China which the
United States has been recognizing: has
been overthrown by persons who are com
mitting violence, and Prince Tuan has as
sumed to take charge of affairs in the
capital. From -a legal point of view Tuan
is the head of a' band of outlaws and mur
derers and may be punished as their lead
er. You cannot ; declare war upon out
laws, though hostilities may exist."
REPORTED DEFEAT OF
CHINESE BY RUSSIANS
LONDON, July 8.— The correspondents
at Shanghai,. which is still the"clearing
house of all China news, say that a com
bined force \ of Russians and Japanese
UNITED STATES REGULARS IN CHINA.
The famous Ninth Infantry and its gallant commander, who -were sent from Tarlac, Luzon Island, to Taku, where they were due yesterday.
GREAT INTERNATIONAL ARMY MOBILIZING
FOR THE CAMPAIGN ON CHINESE SOIL
The dispatch also says the loyal troops under Prince Ching, who is heading a counter revo
lution, had attacked the rebels in Peking. The Governor of Shantung, according to the same au
thority, is reported to have declined to obey Prince Tuan's orders to seize Nankin. - '
Further dispatches from Shanghai say the legations were holding out on July 3 that the
rebels had been repulsed with a loss of 2000 and that the Boxers were discouraged. They also re
port that a Chinese journal confirms the announcement of Prince (Thing's counter revolution in
Peking.' x . . . ;
BRUSSELS, July 8.— A dispatch from Shanghai received here says that, according to a
high Chinese official/the two legations which were still holding out on July 2 were the objects of
incessant attacks. There had been some losses among the troops guarding the legations but the
diplomatists were safe. .,-,.,
PRINCE CHUSTO- HEADS COUNTER REVOLUTION.
LOXDOX, July 9, 2:45 a. m. — The foreign Consuls at Shanghai met on July 7 and officially
announced that the legations at Peking were safe on July 4. The foregoing statement, read
with Consul Warren's dispatch to the Foreign Office on Sunday, makes it" possible to be
lieve that the legations will hold out for a number of days yet. Having fought to a standstill the
first outbursts of fanatical fury, it is believed that something may intervene to save them.
The news, after the sinister rumors of the last ten days, is enough upon which to build up hopes."
tt The Shanghai correspondent of the Express, telegraphing on Sunday at 5:10 p. m., throws
doubt upon Consul Warren's information. He says:
"Tao Tai Sheng now admits that there was an error in his communication to General War
ren. The date of the courier's arrival at Chien Fu was July 3, which does not apply to his depar
ture from Peking."
The journey from Peking to Chien Fu takes five days. The courier therefore could not
have left Peking later than June 28. The date of the massacre there, as given by Chinese reports,
was June 30 or July 1. ;
Tientjin is still hard pressed. A Chinese force numbering from 80,000 to 100,000 men, as
estimated by inconclusive reconnoissances, floods the country round about Tientsin, communication
between which place and Taku is apparently possible by river only.
A Chefu dispatch to the Express says the Russians have landed 8000 men at Taku and the
Japanese have discharged several transports. The Japanese pushed on to Tientsin, leading in the
subsequent assault upon the native city, in which their commander was killed. Ten more trans
ports are engaged at Japanese ports. With the 10,000 British India troops afloat and fresh Japan
ese contingents it is quite probable that the allies will have '50,000 men ashore.
The disorders in the provinces appear to be increasing in violence. A Chinese army is with
in forty miles of Newchwang, and the foreigners are preparing to abandon their homes. The
southern part of the province is swept by raiders, destroying all works of the white man, except
in spots garrisoned by Russians. . Proclamations have been posted in all villages near Chefu call
ing upon the loyal Chinese to rise and expel the foreigners for introducing among the pious Chi
nese an immoral religion. Every good Buddhist is expected to kneel three hours daily, knock his
head upon the floor thrice and pray earnestly that sudden, cruel death may overtake all aliens.
The foreign settlement at Chefu is at the mercy of two Chinese forts equipped with Krupp
guns which command two sides of the city. Six warships, including* the United States gunboat
Nashville, are constantly cleared for action.
The provisional government at Peking appears to. have designs upon the southern prov
inces. Besides having ordered Kwang Shikai to advance upon Nankin, which Kwang Shikai says
he will not do, Prince Tuan has sent an army along the route of the grand canal.
Nankin is on the south bank of a river nearly a mile wide. The British cruisers Hermione
and Pique I will assist in repelling attempts to cross. Six Chinese cruisers are there and 17,000
Chinese troops are at the disposal of Viceroy Liu Kun Yi. The forts mount thirty - four high
power modern guns. The foreigners in Shanghai are becoming uneasy. Everything depends, they
feel, on Viceroy Liu Kun Yi.
Refugees from Tientsin arriving at Shanghai say that only five civilian foreigners were
killed during the long Chinese bombardment. The foreign women became so indifferent that they
walked through the streets, not heeding the shells. Most of the civilians were deported to Taku,
thence to be conveyed to Shanghai.
The courier mentioned in Consul I Warren's dispatch gives a strange picture, says the Daily
Mail's Shanghai correspondent, of haw life jostles death in Peking. Business apparently.goes on
as usual. The shops and theaters are open and the streets are full of people. No imperial troops
except those of General Tung Fuh Siang took part in the fighting. The courier even asserts pos
itively that provisions are being supplied to the legations, but by whom he does not say. The Box
ers and General Tun Fuh Siang do not get along well. The Boxers assert that they do all the
fighting and the latter all the looting and nothing else.
General Kwang Shikai, Governor of Shantung, the correspondent of the Daily Mail, pre
dicts that by July 11 the Boxers will disband and negotiations will be begun for peace. Neverthe
less the circumstantial rumors of dark things to come are in circulation.
CHEFU, July 8. — The American Consul here has received a communication from Taku,
under date of Thursday, saying that ten thousand Chinese under General Nieh appeared out
side of Tientsin on Wednesday and reoccupied the eastern arsenal. The Chinese are fortify
ing the native city of Tientsin. The situation there is ponsidered critical. Communication
between Tong Ku and Tientsin is again threatened. The Boxer influence is increasing in
Shantung province. Christians at Chinfu have been called upon to renounce their faith. The
French Consul reports that the Ching Chou Fu orphanage has been pillaged.
A steamer has arrived from New Schwang with nine refugee sisters and one priest from
Moukden, where the Catholic mission was burned and three sisters and a. Bishop murdered.
An inflammatory placard was posted in the Chefu native city last night.
The United States cruiser Brooklyn, Admiral Remey, called here to-day, forty- five hours
from Nagasaki, and proceeded to Taku. Three hundred and fifty marines intended landing
on Sunday morning. The Logan, bearing the Ninth Regiment of United States Infantry, ;
passed Chefu on Friday on their way to Taku. . . ;
-_ < > .' ;
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pu Wishing Company.
Correspondents Throw Doubt Upon the Reliability of the News and
Believe Optimistic Statements Are Due to an Error in Dates.
Boxer Force Numbering One Hundred Thousand Men Holds the
Country Around Tientsin. , • • : .
Announcement Made by the Consuls at Shang
hai Arouses the Hope That the Besieged Have
Escaped Massacre and Will Yet Be Delivered
From the Mob of Fanatical Chinese. <
FOREIGN LEGATIONS AT THE CHINESE CAPITAL
REPORTED SAFE ON THE FOURTH OF JULY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, VTUJLY 9, 1900.
2
£1 Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and! 1
healthful regularity. r*
For the cure of all disorders of «he Stomach
Liver. Bowels. Kilneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At Druggists, or
by mall. RADWAY & CO.. New York.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malial
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
T. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 803 Cal.. ClanU b«.
COAL. COKS AND PI<3 IROX
J. C WILSON & Cft ** B»«err Strwt.
jyv irmvii a j^J., Telephone Mala W*.
COPPERSMITH.
cw. smith, gg sr* b^wrs :s
18 Washington »t. Telephone Mala 8641.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WA33.
Electrical Engineer. 38 Eaat rt.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & Cag%!*&. 1 Saa'Si. aM
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
Mfir. & Dealer in Metals & Galvanizing JORV
FINN* METAL WORKS. 315 Howard i st.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 23c. Robinson Chem. Co.. 1163 Howard.
* LITHOGRAPHING.
Union "Lithograph Co.. 325 Sanaome St.. Artlstlo
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting- of Revenue Stamps.
METAU — -
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paein™
Metal Work*. 137-9 Flrtt tt.. SanFranclaco?
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * EL-
LIS, «1S Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 171>.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mtnlnr
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S.F.
PR1NTIN3. —
F. CRUSHES, MI JSSI l S L ,_ r _
TH«HS!S3ffi&cg? OK8INDB1 ' S V
O First »t.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
™%g° PAETR1DGE - a»& reu
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, MIN \ EI > » Y
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Best Coal la U«
market. Offl C » and Yard*— 450 Main str— CF. A. M'NALLY MEETS
ACCIDENTAL DEATH
Succumbs to an Overdose of Sulpho
nal Taken to Drive Away
Insomnia.
F. A. McNally of the fi^m of F. A. Mc-
Nally & Co.. 117 Suttcr etreet. died last
night at the home of his mother. 106 Chat
tanooga Ktrcet. from an overdose of sul
phor.al, taken to induce sleep.
The youag man had been troubled with
Insomnia for some time. Yesterday morn-
Ing he went to his room at 9:30 o'clock,
asking his sister to call him at 5 p. m.
When Miss McNally went to call her
brother she found him unconscious. Dr.
F. E. Hughes was calle 1 and did all In
his power for the patient. McNally never
regained consciousness, passing away
about midnight. He had been taking
strong medicine for sleeplessness, and it
1b supposed he took an overdose. The
autopsy will determine the cause of his
death.
The deceased was 34 years old. He 'was
engaged In the real estate and Insurance
business, and had a host of friends in this
city.
April 21 last and In It Rogers demanded
the distribution of the estate to his cli
ents. Miss Mary Ann Sullivan. Miss He!
ena Sullivan and Philip Sullivan. These
very interesting people possess the en
chantment of distance, for they live in
London. Mr.- Rogers says. He probably
possesses some very charming corre
epondence with them ar.d no doubt could
tell an entertaining story of some ro
mance by which they choose him as their
lawyer. As the mysterious John Sullivan
Jumped from somewhere in Ireland or
England to Sacramento they no doubt
cast searching eyes across the world Into
the Market street offices of Mr. Ropers.
These London heirs, Mr. Rogers says, are
tho children cf the unfortunate John Sul
livan who died several years ago after
6n industrious career as a tailor in Lon
don at 34 Soho Square.
Making these startling assertions, James
Taylor Rogers demanded of Judge Troutt
that ne bear the petition of these Lon
don heirs ar.d postpone the petition of the
Public Administrator for final distribution
• which was set for May 3. The attorney de
manded that he be given opportunity to
EUbmU proofs of what he asserted. He
<:• tnanded the right to prove the claims
«.f bli client? and asked that the estate
be «:istributed to them In three equal
rl;ares. In conclusion he prayed the court
not to distribute the estate to the bogus
John Sullivan who had appeared in the
caw.
Here, within four days of the sharks*
fea^t, came an upheaval which threatened
to destroy everything. Final distribution
of th* rotate was not made on May 3, the
<3ay Jud£c Troutt had cbosen. The law
ytn had very Important business down
town and like the mysterious John Sulli
van wer« unable to appear in Judge
Troutt's court that morning. But. the
feast came the following day. A marvel
ous change had come over James Taylor
Ropers. What he said was true on April
30 he said was false on May *. The John
Sullivan who was an lmposter on April
SO was the legitimate and only heir on
May 4. The thr^-e Londoners who were the
nitres and nephew o£ Joseph Sullivan and
th^only heirs on April 30 were not heirs
nor in any way related to cither John Sul
livan or Joseph Sullivan on May 4.
And thft document !n which James Tay
lor Rogers was made to make these
*l;amcful confessions and strange contra
illcticus was taken away from the place
grip car to-n'pht. Eipht passengers w»r<»
injured eeriausly and many were bruised
or shaken up.
The injured: Charles Nelson, cho.n
crushed and cut about body and fac:
Mi.vs Frances Sievert infernal in.iurhs:
Mrs. K. SarcbJ cut about' hod and f*e»»;
William Hadendath.ilmba brcken and face
cut; Nora Christcr.se n. Injured: in right
hip and arm crushed; John Dorsch. fingers
crushed and internal Injuries; Anthony
Sokup. face and scalp out: Frank Sievert
injured in hip and back.
Work Plentiful Alonjr Beach and Men
LATEST NEWS FROM NOME
BROUGHT BY THE NELSON
With ths Crudest Appliances
Are Making Money.
SEATTLE. July 8.— Two steamers, the
Charies Xelsbn and the Centennial, ar
rived at Seattle from Nome, and two^-the
Senator and Aberdeen— sailed for that des
tination to-day. * •
. The Nelson brought the latest news
from Nome, having left there June 26. She
brought down three passengers— E. L.
Fiedler. Dr. A. H. Smith and a man
named Ward.
Fiedler, who is a resident of Terre
Haute, Ind., says that he believes that
Nome is just as good as it has been re
ported. In his opinion it is a 'splendid
place for a poor man, as any one who
wishes work can find it. On Peny River,
he says, he saw men with the crudest ap
pliances washing out from $4 to $20 a day
to the man. He says that on the beach he
offered men $4 an hour to handle freight
and many of them laughed at him. Fied
ler has come down to purchase machinery
and supplies.
The Centennial reports that the barj?o
Skookum made the trip In good shape and
thht her steam launch did a great busi
ness in Nome harbor. The Centennial had
nine passengers.
Centennial passengers report that four
or five miles up and down the water front
at Nome it is impossible to mine on ac
count of baggage being piled up as far as
the water's edge. They say many of the
creeks are fabulously rich.
Dr. Smith, who returned on the Nelson,
was one of the charterers of the baik
Northern Light which went north. At
Cape York the crew deserted and Indians
w«re substituted in their places. The lat
ter got drunk, tried to loot the ship and
with difficulty were ejected. The ship
was towed to Nome, where her cargo of
lumber was disposed of at a handsome
profit. I-
GOVERNOR HODGSON SAFE.
Executive of Gold Coast Colony
Reaches Akwebus.
CAPE COAST CASTLE. July 8.— A let
ter from Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson,
Governor of the Gold Coast Colony, dated
at Akwebus, July 1, has been received
here announcing his safety.
El'MSU, July 8.--The column under com
mand of Colonel Wolcocks, which is
marching to the relief of Sir Frederick
Hodgson, has arrived here. . Hard fighting
is exDected to-morrow. v
Many More Bruised.
CABLE CAR WRECKED.
Eight Persons- Seriously Injured and
CHICAGO. July 8.— An open switch at
the intersection. of Roby street and Mil
waukee avenue caused the derailing of a
crowded south-bound Milwaukee-avenue
Judge Troutt thereupon 'awarded the
estate to the bogus heir. The conspiracy
was complete to shameful success. The
probate sharks had their feast off the onl>
thing the dead could leave.
where it should have been in the office of
the County Ck-rk and hlddrti in an out of
the way corner. This document was the
order of distribution written and signed
by Judge James M. Troutt apparently on
May 4 last. In this order of distribution
Judge Troutt declares that James Taylor
Rogers appeared in open court and ad
mitted, that the persons for whqpi he ap
peared were not heirs or in any way re
lated to Joseph Sullivan and that "there
fore he dismissed his petition and consent
ed that the' estate be civen to John Sulli
van.
Hunter Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL, July, 8— Game Warden
Robertson of this county to-day arrested
Ignatz Rolinger on two charges of vio
lating the'Rame laws. Rolingtr, who. had
been hunting near Point Reyes, was re
turning home on the train, where he was
arrested. He carried a choice assortment
of birds, ranging from doves and quail to
a tame duck, well peppered with shot.
Rolinger will be prosecuted by the
authorities' here, who are making every
effort to stop the killing of game out of
season. To-day Warden Robertson had
ten deputies scattered throughout the
county. •
HOLLISTER. July 8.— Eighteen Japan
ese were sent to work in the Xgw Idria
quicksilver mines last Friday. On arriv
ing at the mine th'ey were met by' a del
egation of miners, who said if the Jap
anese were to get the same wages as
whites. $1 75 to $2 50 per day, they could
go to work. The Japanese are under con
tract at $1 25 per day.
The miners turned the Japanese back
under severe threats. The Japanese
struck out overland for the Fresno fruit
orchards. The miners are very deter
mined about the matter. Trouble is likely
if the company persists in sending Jap
anese.
pany Persists in Putting
Them to Work.
\
Trouble I*ikely to Ensue if the Com-
CHICAGO. July 8.— The Chronicle to
morrow will say-: It is now reported that
the Chicago and Alton, the Kansas City
Southern and the Union Pacific systems
are to be amalgamated and placed under
one management. • .
Stewart Knott, who recently resigned
the vice presidency of the Plant system,
it is said, has been elected a vice president
of the Alton consolidated system's instead
of the Alton alone. This position, it is
further rumored, will be only a temporary
one. and that before New Year's he will
be elevated to the office of president of the
Harriman roads. President Fulton of the
Alton going to New York to assume the
office of chairman of the board o"f directors
of the three companies. Mr. Fulton has
been in New York for some time confer
ring with Mr. Harriman.
The coming together of the three roads
named will give the system through lines
from Chicago ,to Portland. Or., and to Port
Arthur, on the Gulf of Mexico.
JAPANESE DRIVEN FROM
THE QUICKSILVER MINES
Union Pacific to Be Under
One Management.
Chicago and Alton, Kansas City and
CONSOLIDATION OF
THREE BIG ROADS
mittee of the local branch of the Amal
gamated Association of Street Railway
Employes of America to-night decided to
call a mass-meeting for to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock to consider the rela
tions existing: between the St. Louis
Transit Company and Its employes. It Is
asserted by the executive committee that
the agreement signed by President Whit
aker of the Transit Company and Chair
man Edwards of the strikers" grievance
committee, whereby the strike was de
clared off, has been violated by the
former.
President Whltaker. It Is charged. In
stead of hiring the men on the list fur
nished, according • to the agreement by
the grievance committee, is taking on
new men. ORC
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— The executive com-
STRIKE Iff— Y BE RESUMED.
Three Miners Dig Over $200,000 in
the New Gold Fields in Lower
California.
CHICAGO. July 8.— A special to the
Record from Hermoslllo, Mexico, says:
Martin Hulen of Aspen, Colo., T. B. G.
Gedine of San Francisco and James Craw
ford of Benson. Ariz., prospectors, have
arrived from the new placer srnld fields
in Lower California, about fifty miles
south of Camp Companls, bringing with
them over $200,000 In pold dust. This sum
represents their earnings for a period of
elirht months.
The prospectors state that the placer
field embraces a tract of gravel about
225,000 acres in extent.
PROSPECTORS RETURN
WITH A RICH FORTUNE
SACRAMENTO, July S.— Joseph Mera
chi. a window washer, was stabbed about
9 o'c/dck to-night by P. CoRnacci. a shoe
maker. It is believed that Merachi will
die. The assault was a savage one. The
men met at the corner of Second and J
streets and some words papsod between
them, when Copnacci was "seen to take a
knife from his pocket and make several
thrusts at his victim.
Merachi, crying for mercy, ran out into
the middle of the street and fell on his
knees. While he was In this position
CoRnacci ran up to him and planted his
dagger in the man's back. Then he
threw the knife away and ran.
Two blocks away, on the river front,
a fruit-packer brandished a hatchet In
front of him with such good effect that
the crowd of pursuers soon made the cap
ture. At the prison Cognacci said that
he was assaulted by Merachi. but his
story is not borne out by the condition of
his body. It Is thought the wound In
Merachl's back may prove fatal and an
ante-mortem statement has been taken.
Special Dispatch 4o The CalL
Joseph Merachi, a Window Washer,
Assaulted by F. Cognacci in
Sacramento.
FATALLY STABBED WHILE
PLEADING FOR MERCY
RING OF LOCAL LAWYERS
REAP A RICH HARVEST BY
ROBBING INTESTATE DEAD
COICTIXT'KD FROM PAGE ONE.
The third act of Flotow's melodious and
ever popular "Martha" will be sung In
English at Fischer's , Concert ' house this
week by Miss < Armanda Corcoran, Mme.
M. Morell, Charles Thrower and John de
Witt. Deets and Don, a novelty duo* and
The Orpheum list of attractions for the
week is a lone one/ The favorite Quaker
City Quartet. Clayton White and Marie
Stuart the four Cohans, Barrere and
Jules, 'Smith and Fuller and others help
make one of the best bills of the season.
The popular "Geisha" is still running
at the Tivoli, Its third and last week.
Next week "Wang" will.be revived, and
after that grand opera, with Salassa. Ave
dano Repetto. Anna Lichter, Frances
Graham and other distinguished artists in
the company.
Henry Arthur- Jones' "Dancing Girl"
Is the week's bill at the Grand Opera
house. Wilton Lackaye will appear as the
Duke of Guisebury, -Keith Wakeman as
Drusilla Ives, Mary Van Buren as Sybil
Crake, and WarrlngtonReynolds as David
Ives.. The run of the play is limited to
one week.
Henry Miller and his company appear
in "A Marriage of Convenience" this
evenlns at the Columbia Theater, and
Miller as the Corate de Candale, has a
splend'id role. Miss Anglin ¦ will play the
Comtesse, and Miss Dale the French maid,
ana the old French costumes and appoint
ments are of rare gort'eousness.
Things did not go with the usual snap
of the Dunne & Kyleys last night. The
horn of the prompter was heard on ih<»
air too frequently. It will be "better next
time," as Hans says, and Mis^ Whallty
can materially assist the illusion by not
playing invariably to the audience. Miss
Whalley looks charming, her gowns are
dreams— one ar least— but she cannot aot.
Matthews has a good part, well taken. In
Benton Holme. Bulger takes all the small
opportunities in Brighton £5etts. Bessj.?
Tannehill does line work as Aunt Jim an<]
the rest of the cast Ii, acceptably tilled.
The most artistic work of the evening was
done by Tony Hart, who gave an excel
lent rendering of the senile Uncle Todie.'
The specialties were not remarkably
new,, but the sextet "To AHhea" gavo
much pieasnre, as also Mary Marble's and
Miss (iunning's songs.
The play has an Old World flavor — tr>e
world of Judge and Puck of the "dear,
dead days beyond recall," and is really
charmingly ingenuous In its disparager
ment of the "impossible woman" in com
parison with the later lances whose tar
get Is the "eternal feminine."
But why "satire on the fair sex?" "All
coons look alike to me," or any old name
would be equally applicable to the polit
ical situation in "A Contented Woman."
"A Contented Woman." according to Mr.
Hoyt, was greeted by a large audience
last evening at the California that appre
ciated to the echo the almost classic wit
ticisms with which this "satire on the fair
sex" abounds.
AT THE THEATERS
Baby Dolliver. a clever child singer and
dancer, will make their first appearances
here, and Isabelle Underwood, an estab
lished favorite, will change her vocal
selections.
instructed by his attorney. Judge E. F.
Fitzpatrlck of Redwood City, not to talk,
and he is trying to obey his counsel's ad
vice to the letter. He could not, however,
let the opportunity pass without stamp
ing the statement ftnade In a yellow
journal that he had made a confession of
guilt a falsehood. He said positively that
the man who wrote the statement wholly
misconstrued H's meaning. In the pres
ence of two deputy sheriffs he reiterated
that he was innocent and that he knew
Mr. Ehlers was Innocent.* He expressed
the hope that the trial would be to-day.
The following statement was dictated by
Lemcscher to a representative of the
Call: *
"I knov: Mr. Ehlers is innocent. If
they try to put the crime on him. I would
rather suffer for him. The reporter who
took the statement down that I admitted
that Mr. Ehlers was guilty and would
take upon myself the punjshment got the
wronjr idea. I did not mean to say that
Ehlers >was guilty, r meant that rather
than see Ehlers punished for a crime
he had net committed I would take tho
blame myself, for tbe reason that he Is a
marritd man and has a family and I am
single anil alone in th's world.
"The statement published in the Exam
iner is not a confession and was ne,ver in
tended as si'ch. I have made no incrim
inating statements and do not intend to
say anything further, as my attorney has
advised me not to. When the time comes
we will prove our innocence."
Did Not Get $20 From "Widow.
Lemoscher^ further said, despite his
declaration that he would talk no further,
that he had not read the alleged confes
sion made by Mrs. Imsand and that she
did not make It known to him that she
ha»l talked for publication when she was
with him during the afternoon. He said
the lads couiii not read English with any
proficiency and therefore might not have
paid any attention to the statements made
In the paper. He wanted It understood
that Mrs. Imsand never gave him $2J with
which to buy a gun. He swore that he
never accented any monev from the
woman for thrt purpose. He laughed at
the idea of her glvinfr him money as he
said he h.°.d money of hfs own.
John Kaehmann. the gunsmith at whose
place the rifles which are said to have
been used in the killing of Mrs. Mitchell
and son were bought, also called on
Lemoscher at the jail during the after
noon. After his Interview with Lemoscher
he said:
"Lemoscher is very angry over the
statement accredited to Mrs. Imsand that
she had furnished him $20 with which to
buy a gun for Ehlers. • Mrs. Imsand called
; on lemoscher at tho jail to-day and they
had a long talk. He says she never gave
him any' money with which to buy a rifle
and never mentioned to him the matter
of buying weapons. Lemoscher knows
that even if such a thing were true no
sane woman would make herself an ac
cessory to a murder by stating It publicly.
"I am now convinced that Ehlers was
not with Lemoscher when the last named
bought the rifles from me. There was a
man vith him, but I do not know who it
was. f know it was not Ehlers. Another
thing I wish to say is that Lemoscher did
not buy a shotgun from me. nor did the
man with him. All that was bought was
the tTVo rifles and the ammunition."
Funeral of the Victims.
The funeral of the victims of the Colma
tragedy took place yesterday at I:o0
o'clock from .the undertaking establish
ment at 40.") Powell street. With the low
ering of the two coffins in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery the last chapter of their hard
lives was. so far as they were concerned
concluded, hut there was something In the
face of William Mitchell, the husband and
father, as he turned away from the two
mounds under which his wife and son
rested side by slde> that made spectators
think that "finis" has not yet been reach
ed in the bloody history of the Mitchell-
Imsand vendetta. As the old man stood at
the graveside, bowed and broken, he Hs-
.^HREE LEADING FIGURES IN COLMA TRAGEDY AND MITCHELL'S
CABIN FORT.
How Statement Was Distorted.
Lemoschor i< loth to talk about his
'chances in tho coining trial, lie has. been
Mrs. Imsand Visits Lemoscher. ,
Deputy Sheriff Kelly, in the absence of
Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo County,
was constantly on the jump yesterday
opening the jron doors that lead to the
prison wherein Lemoscher, Ehlers and Al
bert Gayer, the men suspected of having
murdered the wife and son of William
Mitchell, are located. The most import
ant visitor of the day. however, was Mrs.
Imsand. the woman whose husband was
the first victim of the deadly feud which
ha a been raging at Colma. Mrs. Imsaml
was admitted to the eel! of Lemoscher j*nd
In the presence of. the jailer discussed
matters of Importance. They conversed
in Swedish and p.ft'-r the woman had left,
Lexnozcher volunteered the information
that he had sent for her to ask her to
dispose of the ranch over which all the
trmihle had been. The prisoner owns a
half, of the hog 1 ranch and as the stock
hns suffered during his enforced absence,
he thinks it ought to lie sold. He said
that a rn::n n.-irm-d Scrossir.s v.ho lives in
the vicinity of the place is willing to buy
it. despite th<> presence of an uncongenial
neighbor. Lemcscher strenuously denied
that the reason be wanted the rnnch sol.l
was to raise money 'for the defense of
hirnsHf ;iti<3 r-jmnaninn.
"The color line cuts no figure with us."
he said, "for we have in our community
two negroes who know how to behave
themselves and have the respect of all.
This fellow Mitchell has made trouble
from the day he settle^ on the land in
the canyon. He inaugurated shotgun law.
and we have had it ever since. He has
often driven people off the place with fire
arms. His wife was a drunkard and a
constant menace to th . neighborhood.
Any one in the place might have shot
them and been justified in so doing."
ened by the boy. He was' promptly hustled
off the place, and made his sensational
story. I suppose, out of revenge."
John T. Bowers, who has lived forty
three years in Colma and vicinity, accom
panied Mrs. Imsand on ..er trip to Red
v.ood City. He is bitter against the
Mitchells.
people of Cnlma are bitter
I ajrainst William Mitchell and the re
[ msin'.nft members of his family. The
aped colored man. despite his Joss of
wife and favorite son. does not fear his
rnemies. He Js resolved to flpht them to
the bitter end, if necessary, with powder
nnd ball. He has intrenched himself in
his cabin in the canyon, barricading the
doors and windows, and preparing to fight
to the death if it becomes necesasry to
do this to hold his hog ranch.
Yesterday the old negro slipped away
fr^m his ranch for a few hours to attend
the funeral of his murdered wife and son.
The funeral was held in this city, from
the undertaking parlors of the California
I'ndertaking Company, at 1:30 p. m.. and
there was an extremely dramatic fea
ture. Rev. Tighlman Brown prayed
that God give the young men—presum
ably meaning Mitchell's sons — strengrth
to stand, together, and that retribution
might come quickly to the murderers.
He prayed that he might have the power
t-i bind all n»£rro»-s tcg-ether and to grive
them the strength to say, with Patrick
Henry, "Give us liberty or give us dtath."
The prayer had a remarkable effect
upon the colored people, who crowded the
chapel. The women moaned and cried,
but the men clenched their lls:s and,
half-rising In their places, glared with
bloodshot eyes upon the eloquent
preacher.
After the services Mitchell crept back
to his cheerless hovel on the bleak hill
side, crfaere his haif-fed dogs were bay-
Ing and his boss wen- cuddled in the cor
r.ers of their i>ens to -escape the ohill night
air. The old man approaehed the place
cautiously, keeping a sharp lookout for
hidden foes. There is no such word as
"fear" in his vocabulary, but long ex
perience with hostile neighbors has
taught him caution. "I do not care for
life." he says, "but although my skin is
black I do not propose to have these peo
ple overrun me. I will fight them if they
¦want it. and they must kill me to g-et rid
of me."
Fake Stories of Confessions.
There is another side of the story. The
men aim are accused of the latest mur
der. Frank lemoscher and Caesar Ehlers.
now in the Jail at Redwood City, are not
yet convicted. The' sensational stories of
confessions on the part of Mrs. J. I. Im-
sand and Lemoscher. which appeared in a
' local "yellow journal." are most em
phatically denied by the parties quoted,
and they threaten to make it "warm" for
the reporter who. masquerading under the
guise of an officer, tried to work a yellow
bluff upon th*»m. The "confession-"' story
was cut from whole cloth, aa is shown
from statements made by Lemoscher and
.Mrs. Imsand.
As e matter of fact there were no new
developments in the case yesterday. Col
ma was quiet, and there was nothing to
indicate that the town had f\er been dls
turln-d. except the general expression of
public opinion. It is all aprainst the "nig-
S<=-r." It is ;afe to say that the majority
of the people of the town and surround
ing territory believe tirmly that Mitchell
killed his own wife and son. The belief
prows out of pure prejudice. For years
Mitchell has been considered a renegade
and thief, and every hand is against him.
"I'll bet you $liKX)." said a prominent citi
zen. "th.it the men under arrest will not
be convicted of this killing, nor will any
citizen of Colma suffer, for Mitchell al
ways used firearms and threatened others
and it is only justice that he should
suffer."
Mrs. Itrisa*n<] is indignant because of the
publication of the alleged confession from
her. She is staying at the home of John
Lnhra about half a mile from the scene
of the latest murder, yesterday she visit
od FYank I^mopcher. h<r business partner.
In jail at Redwood City, returning to Col
ma on th« afternoon train.
Mrs. Imsand Makes Statement.
"My signed statement that you nov.' j
have." said Mrs. IrnKar^l to a Call repre
sentative. "tells yon lWiw much troth '
there is in the ,story of my confession I
I did give Ehlers $ir> last Tuesday, but it i
was in payment for work he had perform- j
ed for me. He did not siieak of Mitchell |
to me at that time, nor at any other time. !
I do not know anything about the shoot- :
in<» and I have my family to attend to.
and would not mix up in any neighbor
hood, rows, even If I had the time."
John Luhrs, at whose hour.e Mrs. Im
sand Is new rtaying. !s a brijjht-eyed.
widp-awaVf Oermnn — "Low Dutrhm/in."
as he calls himself. lie is looking after
the widow's Interests, and tells a straight^
forward story concerning the vi:It to his
horn" of the reporter who promulgated
the fake.
""The statement sipned by Mcf. Im«and
and witnessed by myself tells the whale
story.' 1 he snid. "I was present all the
time. Mrs. Imsand was not at all frigrht-
COLMA. July 8, 1900.
THE confession it is alleged I have made is a lie out of
whole cloth. Yesterday afternoon a young man
came to me and said he came from Sheriff Mans
field to arrest me. but he would not take me to-night if I
would tell the truth about this trouble. He said that Ehlers
and Lemoscher had confessed to the shooting and that they
had said I was the cause of it; that I had said to them I
wanted to get the niggers out of the way. and that if I had
not insisted on it they would not have killed them.
I said that no matter what they had said the truth is
that we had never had any such trouble. Then Mr.. Brims ,
came in and recognized the man as an Examiner reporter,
and accused him of lying about Mrs. Bruns. The man went
out with Bruns and did not come back. This is all the con
versation I had with him.
This morning he came to Mrs. Luhrs and told her that
I had made a confession to him and he tried to force her to
talk, saying he had a right to arrest her. Mrs. Luhrs ac-"
cused him of Tying, and he went away.
(Signed) AXTOIA IMSAND!
Witness: JOHN LUHRS. MRS. LUHRS.
Aged Negro, Whose Wife
and Son Have Fallee V3c=
tinis to the Bloody Fend
at Golma, Says He Is Pre
pared to Dae.
The Rev. Mr.
cites Colored
People at tlh©
Fee era! by
Prayer for
Vengeance,
Mitchell will stay with his son TIenrv in
Baden for a few days. The young man
works for the Pacific Tallow "Works ar.d is
willing to provide a home for his f;ither.
But William won't retreat under
fire. He Is going back to the little hosr
ranch in the Colma hills. He says he will
weather it out to the end of the chapter,
and his expression when he says It leaves
no doubt that he will keep his word to the
bitter end.
Just as the shovelers were about to fling
the first earth Into the open graves the
old man broke a white flower off a great
bunch and flung it down into the grave
of his wife. Once more his trrief seemed
about to break out. His family led him to
a carriage. Then the clods fell.
At the cemetery Mitchell stood bare
headed by the graves while side
by side the coffins were lowered.
He was outwardly calm but tha
tears which welled out of his eyes and
streamed down his cheeks as the bodies of
his beloved sank out of sight showed the
pain that was racking him under the
mask.
Rev. Mr. Brown's prayer made a
marked impression upon the people pres
ent. His voice was raised to a high pitch
and his manner betokened the sort of
fervid excitement that works upon the
emotions of the colored race in camp
meetings. When he prayed for speedy
retributlon upon the heads of the mur
derers, the kneeling auditors glared at
the black caskets with strained eyes and
moaned. His plea for young men to stand
together was responded to by exclama
tions and shrieks from the women. The
height of intensity was reached when
he prayed for power to bind all negroes
together and give them strength to tight
for the principle announced by Patrick
Henry. "Give me liberty or give me
d«-nth."
Then those in the room saw a terribi*
scene. Mitchell broke from where he had
been sitting quiet as though stunned, and
threw himself on his knees beside the two
cheap coffins. In a broken voice he called
on his wife, and sobbing prayed to God
to take him, too. The old man's grief was
contagious: the whole roomful were los
ing self-control when Mitchell's sons led
their father gently away. He offered no
resistance. Then the coffins were closed,
the doors of the hearses shut, and the
crowd streamed out.
Dramatic Scenes at Services.
At 1:30 o'clock yesterday , afternoon tho
rooms at the undertaking establishment
were filled with Africans "of many call
ings. The parlors are divided into two.
In the back room lay the two coffins sido
by side. When William Mitchell entered
the room he seemed very old and weak.
He was accompanied by his two sons,
both tall, strapping fellows, and two
daughters. The latter were crylnjr. The
two sons, Rudolph and Henry, looked im
passive. Williams' face was twitching,
and when his eyes fell on the two black
coffins he seemed about to cry out. but
checked himself and sat down on a
lounge near the window with hia daugh
ters. Then last rites began. The Rev.
Tighlman Brown and the Rev. W. T.
Grimes, both of the African Methodipt
Episcopal Church, read the service in full,
impressive voices.
tened quietly to the solemn burial service,
but when the last clod fell with a hollow
thud on the oaken casket containing the
body of one who had worked by his side
and known the bitterness of . his long
struggle against an unreasoning prejudice,
his bent figure straightened. His thoughts
then were plain to every bystander. The
harsh Old Testament motto, "An eye for
an eye." evidently filled his mind to tho
exclusion of the milder doctrine of resig
nation.
BARRICADED IN HIS CABIN WILLIAM
MITCHELL PREPARES FOR THE WORST
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CATjL., MONDAY, JULY ' 9, 1900. '
3
JUST RECEIVED-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Another New Invoice
...OF...
FINE
SUMMER
SHOES!
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOE.-'.
. plain toea, LXV and plain heels SVOO
LADIES' BLACK KID OXFORDS. LXV and
• plain heels JM.5O to *.'.<«>
LADIES'" PATENT LEATHER OXFORDS.
LXV heels ?4.0O f.VOO
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, full assortment....
*i.^.~ to .?;:.<»<>
MEN'S TAX and BLACK VICI KID LACE
SHOES $.'1.50 $.".IM>
MEN'S TAX and PATENT LEATHER OX-
FORDS IW.OO 93.00
POPULAJ^PRICES.
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. i,
gS*^lh y JVsf. * w *^ 1 guarantee
JEEgggMBKEflgfr will euro SO per cent.
<K&f*^'""^^BsSfc •* aI1 forms of kidney
fifiP' , j|&?i9 oompUlat and la
gj i~jmT JO*ny instance* tbe
\m ££*^it)t&*9 most serious forms of
IT **' r-y Brfghfa disease. It
A /"9?3Jj *** e disease Is coni-
)L»^* iaSltf plicated send a four-
yt^w, 7ff>^ ounce Tlal of uriae.
«**7j6k**3*»*r^ W » wl!1 aaalyie it
SH-Y^^Sai^*^^ * Q d advise you treo
"| I Ht what to do.
• ( • MUXTOJT.
XX an drnsslata. 28a. a *1»I. Guide to Health
¦b4 medical ¦tirU'e tn«. 1303 Arrh »t.. Phil*.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULU USE DAMlANA. B1TTEK3. TUB
v great Mexican remedy; gives health aad
•trength to sexual organs. Depot, £3 Market.The murder feud which has claimed two more vic
tims at Colma mi^ht.lead one to suspect that he was
reading a dispatch from Kentucky.
Seldom, perhaps, has war possessed- such grim and
ghastly humor as it does now in China. The Chinese
are importing Mauser rifles in coffins.
Recent events in China indicate that it is easier to
whip the Boxers on paper than it is when they are be
hind those guns, the Cse of which they were taught
by enterprising Europeans.
> The enforcement in Chinatown of the municipal
sanitary laws might not solve the whole problem. of
that district, but it would make it a good deal cleaner,
and that would be something worth doing.
Owners of Chinatown property who are thinking of
hiring lawyers to fight the sanitary laws would do
better to hire good workmen to clean up their prem
ises. That would be not only better business but
much cheaper in the end.
Four new armored cruisers of 8000 tons,
19,£>00 horsepower and 22 knots speed, are
to be built for the Italian navy. Their
armor belt will be C Inches thick and the
battery will consist of twelve eight-inch
quick-firers and twelve three-inch rapld
tlring guns. They have been named
Ausalfa, Genove, Pisa and Venezia and
the plans indicate very handsome ships
with very ingenious arrangement of guns.
The Norwegian coast defense ship Els
vold was launched at the Armstrong
yard, Elswick, June 24. She is 3S50 tons
displacement, has a 6-inch armor belt
and two turrets, each containing one 8.2
inch quick-firer. The broadside battery
is composed' of six 6-inch, eight 12-pound
ers and six 3-pounders. The engines are
of 4500 horsepower, calculated to give a
speed of 1C% knots and her coal bunker
capacity is 400 tons. /
The recent unfavorable repdrt of the
British cruiser Europa's enormous coal
consuming capacity is, no doubt, greatly
at variance, with the facts. It is alleged
that she burned 22,000 tons of coal on her
voyage from Portsmouth, England, to
Sydney, and that -she coaled at eight dif
ferent ports. The Europa is a new
cruiser of. 11,000 tons and has a coal ca
pacity of 1900 tons. On her trip to Sydney
the coaling places would only number
seven and starting with full bunkers she
would have at least 500 tons remaining
when replenishing at each coaling port.
The actual consumption would therefore
Russia and Turkey have practically no
nautical , terms of the languages of the
respective countries. Those of Russia*
are largely borrowed from Holland, while
Turkey derives her nautical language
from Persia, Arabia, Italy, and quite re
cently has accepted some French and
English expressions for mechanical parts |
not known in the Persian and Arabic
tongue.
'Two hundred and fifty tons of ballast
has been put aboard the yacht built to
replace the old Victorfa and Albert. This
weight will bring the yacht • down two
feet deeper and- materially decrease her
speed. It Is the worst case of miscalcu
lation that' has ever occurred in any
navy, not excepting blunders of a like
nature in the French. navy.
An ugly report of shoddy work on a
British battleship has reached the Lon
don Engineer. An officer serving on a
new battleship .in the Channel squadron
discovered a number of rivet holes in
certain bulkheads filled with putty. The
ship was built at one of- the dockyards.
Great Britain will soon have five armor
plate factories in operation, the latest In
the field being contemplated by the Arm-
Strong firm at Elswick. The new armor
plant will be located at the Openshaw
works.
NEWS OF THE NAVIES.
From the beginning the Park Board has been one
of the administrative bodies of the city in which the
people have had confidence. »The Commissioners
have not always acted wisely, perhaps, or in accord
Of the value of that particular clause of the char
ter the people have now ample proof. Had not the
Park Commission been created an independent board
we should have seen already the beginning of a sys
tem which in the end would have made the park .1
part of the spoils system of politics. The Super
visors would have appropriated money to be used as
they dictated, riot as the Commissioners chose. The
establishment of a library in the park would have
been a precedent for the establishment of any other
sort of institution the Mayor or the Supervisors might
take a fancy to. In the end the Park Commissioner*
would have been reduced to little more than figure
heads and the City Hall gang be in control of the
whole thing.
The action of Phelan in trying to dictate how the
park funds shall be expended was indted an attempt
to defeat a plain provision of the new charter, of
which he pretends to be such a supporter. With re
spect to the powers of the Park Board the charter
says: "The Commissioners shall have the complete
and exclusive control, management and direction of
the aforesaid parks, squares, avenues and, grounds,
and the exclusive right to erect and to superintend the
erection of buildings and structures thereon; and to
that end may employ and appoint superintendents,
laborers, surveyors, engineers and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their duties, authority
and compensation. They shall have exclusive man
agement and-disburscment of all funds legally appro
priated or received from any source for the support
of said parks, squares, avenues and grounds."
PH ELAN'S attempt to override the Park Com
missioners and to compel them to carry out his
fantastic scheme of turning the park lodge- into
a branch library has resulted in adding to his record
another fiasco. He" succeeded in getting the Super
visors to make the appropriations for the park not in
a lump sum, as has been the custom, but for certain
specified purposes, including among the items an ap
propriation of $5000 "for such alterations as may be
required to fit the park lodge for public use." That
success on his part, how : evcr, was a mere futility. The
Supervisors have no right to determine how the park
funds are to be expended, and Mr. Williams, the act
ing Auditor, has so decided.
0N INDEPENDENT COMMISSION.
XEW YORK, July 8.-K. C. Hamilton of
San Francisco and J. P. Oustolt of Yuba
City are at the Holland. Jules Wllliard of
San Francisco is at the Netherlandl
William James Jr.. who is connected
with the Government investigation of ttt«
condition of the redwoods of California
is at the Occidental, en route to Crescent
City, where the work 'of the scientists ia
about to begin.
CALIFOBNIANS IU HEW YORK.
Dillon Bronson and wife are on their
way to Alaska. Mr. Bronson Is a Metho
dist preacher and will look after the spir
itual welfare of the denizens of the fax
north.
B. Johnson, John J. Knapp and W. CS.
Bullard of the United States navy arrived
Tast night from the East, bound for Uncl«
Sam's fleet In Chinese waters.
Lieutenant Captain Huntze and Major
Duerr of the German army are at the
Palace, homeward bound from the Yo
semite.
H. B. Price. N*. A. Gill and T. W. Ryan.
U. S. N.. are registered at the Occidental
en route to Join the China fleet.
A. C. Bilicke. proprietor of the Hollen
beck Hotel. Los Angeles, is registered at
the Occidental.
Hayne Ellis and R. A. Abernathy of the
United States navy are registered at the
Palace. - . . Z
Colonel Brooks, a prominent mining man
of Yuma, is at the Grand en route t >
Nome.
Mark R. Plalsted, editor of the Fresno
Democrat, is registered at the California,
W. J. Lembkey, connected with the reve
nue service, has returned from Alaska.
PERSONAL MENTION.
State Senator Jones of Oroville is at the
Palace. •
Dr. R. Fleet and wife of Eureka are at
the Lick.
Dr. F. Kesoter of Sacramento is a gueat
of the Grand.
J. H. Breed, a horseman of Los Ange
les. Is at the Lick.
Thomas R. Minturr. and son of Minturn
are guests at the Palace.
J. C. Nourse and Charles Teague, oilmen
of- Fresno, are at the Grand.
J. F. Helwig and J. H. Comfort. TJ. S.
N.. are registered at the Lick.
C. S. Stanworth. U. S. N\. la at the Call,
fornla. His destination is China.
J. G. Woodward, a prominent steamship
man of Seattle. Is stopping at the Palace.
Tickets on Bale at Union Pacific Of flee July
11 and 12. Rate open to all and (rood for re
turn within sixty days. Time to St. Paul less
than three days on the "Overland Lim
ited" via Union Pacific. D. W. HITCHCOCK.
General Agent. 1 Montgomery »t.. Sail Fran
cisco.
St. Paul and Return §72.40.
A scandalous case was heard last month
in a London court, Commander William
Ray of the royal navy being charged by
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children with having ill-treated his 9
year-old daughter. After several post
poned hearings the matter was finally
compromised by the father consenting to
have the child taken out of his custody,
that she be taken to a school In Germany
for four years, the father to pay all ex
penses. The court consented to this prop
osition, stipulating that it be made in
writing and Include provisions giving the
society, as well as the father, access to
the girl. The case excited much interest
in naval circles and its outcome was
hailed with satisfaction by the service,
which was spared the humiliation of hav
ing a high rank officer placed in jail for
brutality to his own child.
The armored cruiser Prinz Heinrich is
rapidly approaching completion at Kiel.
The vessel is 396 feet by 64% feet and dis
places 8S6S tons on a draught of 25 feet 3
inches. The belt Is of four-Inch nickel
steel and the protective deck 2 to 2 4-5
inches thick. It has three engines witn
15,000 horsepower collectively "to give a
speed of 20% knots. Her battery con
sists of two 9.4 inch quick-firers in tur
rets, ten 6 inch— of which four are in tur
rets and six in casemates; ten 15-pound
erS, ten 2-pounders and four machine
guns. The normal coal supply is 950 tons
and the complement numbers 528 men and
43 officers.
Some very rapid work In shipbuilding
has has recently bee~n done at 1'OHent
dockyard. The keel of the Gloire, an ar
mor^d cruiser of 10.000 tons, was laid in
October, 1899, and the ship was ready for
launching on June 24 last. Her armor, con
sisting of 52 plates 16% feet In length by
6V& feet width and ranging In thickness
from 6 inches to 2 inches, was put on in
six days. -;: *\.;-
London Truth criticizes Sir William
White severely for the unfortunate blun
der with the Queen's new yacht. Labou
chere expresses the opinion that yacht
designing is the simplest of naval archi
tecture, and adds that If the Admiralty
Is not competent In such a simple affair
it cannot be trusted with the complex and
scientific design of vessels for national
defense. .
approximate 10.000 tons, or less than one
half of the alleged quantity. The Europa
is fitted with Belleville boilers, which
does not meet with the approval of the
makers of the old-style Scotch boilers.
A new industry seems to have sprung up on the
water front. When boarding-house masters resort to
stealing sailors for a livelihood it seems about time
for ihe police to try ind recover the stolen property.
Some comment has been made that local Demo
crats were far from enthusiastic over the nominations
of the Kansas City convention. Unkind critics should
give the Democracy at least a short time to recover
from the shock.
\A ARCONI'S system of wireless telegraphy has
/ \ now passed beyond the . experimental stage
* * and has taken its place among the established
means of civilized men for transmitting messages. It
has been employed by the military authorities in
sending messages between Alcatraz and Fort Mason
for upward of two weeks, and the reports are that the
system has been found reliable in every respect, the
sounders have responded perfectly, and there has
been no difficulty in carrying on conversations be
tween the two posts by the electric forces sent vi
brating through the air.
Less than a year ago, on August 24, 1899, The Call
applied wireless telegraphy for the first time to the
uses of journalism, made the first notably successful
experiment with it on the Pacific Coast, and thereby
succeeded in transmitting across a wide stret'eh of sea
the first information of the arrival off the Golden
Gate of the transport Sherman bringing: home the
California volunteers from Manila. A little -later, in
connection with the New York Herald, The Call
again demonstrated the practical value of Marconi's
invention by making use of it to report the incidents
of the international yacht race. In that instance the
telegraphic apparatus was placed upon a steamer,
which followed the yachts over their course, and mes
sages were sent from the open sea to the land of every
shifting of sails and every tack and feature of the race
it occurred.
When these feats were achieved they were regarded
as marvels. Many people were incredulous concerning
them. The Examiner openly derided the system, and
mocked at the inventor as "Signor Macaroni." That
was less than one year ago, and yet so swiftly does
the modern mind adapt itself to the marvels of science
and invention that what was regarded with incredulity
then is now accepted as a fact of such little moment
th.it it hardly receives attention. People are" not sur
prised .that the Government is making use of wire
less telegraphy; they would probably be surprised if
it aid not. . » .
The large amount of capital invested in wire sys
tems of telegraphy will of course be adverse to any
speed> introduction of wireless telegraphy into com
mercial use. Nevertheless private enterprise will
sr oner or later follow governmental enterprise. We
shall have wireless telegraphy in general use
much • sooner than the public expects. That use will
come about gradually and silently, until some day
the slow coach Examiner will get a wireless message,
and then the public will be startled by a page of dis
play type announcing that the dispatch was received
from the Ahkound of Swat.
THE WIRELESo TELEGRAPH
hist what is causing this fine fruit market is not
precisely known. Some dealers think that the crop
has been overestimated: others that the demand for
shipment has reached such immense proportions that
it is absorbing an unprecedented quantity of fruit.
However this may be. the cold fact remains that this
i? one of the finest fruit years California has enjoyed
for a long time. • .
General trade in San Francisco is good. With the
exception of the hide and leather and wool men the
local merchants as a rule report a good outward
movement. Provisions are slow7 but they always are
at this timr of the year. Collections are easy, and
there are no serious failures. Grains of all kinds are
bringing more money, owing to Government and ex
port necessities and the feeling is* one of cheerful
ness and confidence
The feature in California at the moment is the ex
traordinary demand for fresh fruit. It was thought at
the beginning of the reason that in view of the warm
winter and the apparent size of the crop that we
votild be swamped v.-ith fruit this summer. But the
season has surprised the oldest heads in the trade. It
is one of the very best for years. All kinds of Iruit
have thus far brought excellent prices, and the usual
midsummer glut has not appeared up to date. The
Northern and Eastern demand has been enormous,
and even the canners' combine has had to buy fruit
'rcm second hands to obtain, supplies.
Still there are tome lines that are not rosy. Wool
is stagnant, and the manufacturers are buying only
from hand to mouth to satisfy a very slack demand.
A good many cotton mills have also closed down, and
too many boot and shoe works are idle for the good
of the business. Hides and leather are neglected and
very weak, with accumulating stocks. Provisions are
not over firm, and locally are very weak and dull, with
continued cutting, especially in hams. The livestock
market here in San Francisco is again tending up
ward, quotations for almost all descriptions having 1
been marked up during the past few days.
THE commercial sky seemed clearer in some re
kpects last week, though in others it was still
murky. The half-yearly statistics probably had
something to do with the more cheerful aspect of af
fairs, for they showed a satisfactory condition of
trade, notwithstanding the subsidence of the recent
business boom. These statistics show smaller failures
than for some years, while numerically they were the
fewest since 1882. The country's bank clearings were
11 per cent smaller thiun during the first half of 1899.
but the railroad earnings were about 10 per cent
larger. The settlement of labor troubles, too, is re
sulting in an improved demand for building material
in the affected places, and the recent rains in the
Northwest have not only brightened the wheat situa
tion, but promised larger railroad earnings there than
were hoped for ten days ago, and in addition have
started up the white pine manufacturing works and
thereby given, employment to many thousand pre
viously idle men. There is a belief, too, in Wall
street that better conditions are in store for the iron
trade. Anthracite coal has advanced 25 cents, sugarand
coffee are still higher, and tea holds its recent advance
without difficulty. So it will be seen that the outlook
is better all around, though it is the height of the mid
summer dull season. One of the striking and most
encouraging features at the moment is the financial
strength of the country. Financiers are calling atten
tion to the fact that in spite of the serious decline in
iron the failures in this branch are extremely small.
Thus, while many works have closed down and Bes
st-mer pig has declined from $.25 to $18 and plates from
3 cents to 1^ cents, and the average for iron and
steel products has fallen 25 per cent since January 10,
the list of failures in this trade during the past quar
ter numbers only six, with liabilities of less than $29,
000. This shows the great financial reserve force of
the country. Were money not plentiful and readily
accessible the decline would have been accompanied by
more failures, and the liabilities would have been
much larger.
& MORE CHEERFUL 0SPECT.
tury. The latest Easter can occur Is April
26. and it will thus occur but once In the
coming century-— in 19-13. The last time
it occurred was April 26, 1SS6. Whenever
Easter occurs on March 27, or April 3,
10, 17 or 24, Christmas also occurs on Sun
day.
Though some of the objects aimed at
by the church authorities who fixed upon
the method of determining \he date of
Easter was to prevent its occurring on the
same date as the Jewish Passover, never
theless the two events will occur together
? four times in the twentieth century— April
12. 1903; 'April 1, 1923; April 17. 1927, and
April h, 19S1.
The twentieth century will contain 36,525
days, which lacks one day of being ex
actly 521S weeks. The day of the week
that will not occSr as often as each of the
others Is Monday. Fifteen out of the hun
dred years will begin on Wednesday and
I the same number on Friday. ' Fourteen
! will begin on each of the other days of
I the week,
Several announcements are made of
changes to be Inaugurated with the open-
Ing of the new century. The first of im
portance is that Russia will adopt the
Gregorian calendar. This will be Bone by
omitting thirteen days, the amount of the
error that will have accumulated after the
j close of February, 1900. The Russians will
then write January 1, 1901, Instead of De
cember 19. 1900.
The ¦ other important announcement Is
that it is not at all unlikely that the
astronomical day, which now begins at
noon of the civil day, will begin with the
civil day at midnight. The present meth
od of having the astronomical day to be-
gin twelve hours after the beginning of
the civil day is apt to be confusing. On
the other hand, to have the former begin
at midnight will be to them somewhat in
convenient.
A3 to eclipses in the coming century,
there will be about 3S0 of them, the num
ber of solar being to the number of lunar
In about the ratio of 4 to 3.
What la. the very rare occurrence in a
calendar year will happen in 1905, the flr.^t
time since 1S23, viz: Seven eclipses, the
largest possible number that can happen
In a year.
There are eight total solar eclipses pre
dicted to occur visible in the Chitel
States in 191S, 1923, 1943. 1979. 19S4. ISM.
There will also occur twelve transits of
Mercury. A transit of Venus, however,
which is of much more importance, will
not occur within the next century. The
earliest date predicted is June 8. 2004.
"While it is claimed at least 100<> comet -t
come within visible range of the eartli
within a century, there Is reasonable cer
tainty of the recurrence of but one ex
traordinary comet In the next century.
That one is known as Hailey's. It wa.-»
last seen In 1SC5. It will be due again in
1910 or 1911. The exact time i3 not known,
owing to slight modifications in Its orbit,
due to planetary influence. Of course, it
Is not Impossible for some hitherto unre
served comet to appear in all its blazing
glory at any time. No astronomer knows.
Of famous meteoric showers there will
probably be three recurrences of the Le
onids In 1932, 1965 and In 136S, as In th*
present century, one being due November
13 of this year. — Charleston News and
Courier.
THE CORRESPONDEXT-TVHAT'9 THE MATTER, CHIEF? ARE TOUR PEOPLE PREPARING TO RISE UP
AND MASSACRE THE WHITES? ' -
CHIEF LIGHT-HIS-PIFE-IX-THE WIND— NO. HIM JUST DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
— St. Paul Pioneer Press.
Some Interesting Facts About The
Next Century.
THE twentieth century will commencs
on January 1, 1901. It will open on
Tuesday and close on Sunday. It
will have the greatest number of
leap years possible — 24. The year 1004 will
be the first one. then every fourth year
after that to and including the year 2000.
February will three times have five Sun
dr.ys—in 1920, 1948 and. 1976.
*ln 1901 Federal Memorial day, Fourth
of July and Thanksgiving day will occur
on the same day In the week. Then after
that the same 'thing will happen at the
following intervals: Six. 11. 11, 6. 11, 11,
years, and ao on, or in 1907, 101S, 1929, 1935,
and 90 on.
In the years' 1912. 1914, 1969 and 199S there
are four holidays that will fall on the
same day in the week— the three already
mentioned and Washnigton's birthday an
niversary, as also February 29.
Thanksgiving day and Christmas will
occur the same day in the week In 1906,
and then at successive Intervals of 11. 6,
11, 11, 6, 11, years, and so on; also in 192S,
1956 and 19S4. March 4 will fall on Sunday
in the inaugural years 1917. 1946 and 1973.
The same yearly calendar that was used
in 1S95 can be used again In 1901.
The following are. in order beginning
with 1901, the dates of Easter for the
first twenty-five years of the century:
April 7, March 30. April 12, 3, 23. 15, March
31, April 9, 11. March 27, April 16, 7, March
23, April 12. 4, 23. 8, March 31. April 20, 4,
March 27. April 16. 1, 20, 12. The earliest
possible date on which Easter can occur
is March 23. The last time it occurred
on this date was in ISIS, but it wfll not
occur again until after the twentieth cen-
It is to be noted, moreover, that special thanks in
this instance are due to the members of the theatrical
profession for their contributions and services. With
out their aid it would have been difficult to have raised
so large a fund, and it could not have been done with
anything like the promptness that has marked its
achievement. To them, therefore, we owe a debt of
gratitude, inasmuch as they enabled us to make a rec
ord so creditable to our city.
The contributions made so generously will be called
charity, and yet they were animated less by pity for
the forlorn ones than by admiration for the deed of
a true hero of the highest type. Rightly speaking it
i?, therefore, not so much a charity- fund as a tribute
to that • supreme courage which enables man to
achieve sublime action even at the cost of life itself.
It must be gratifying to every right-hearted man to
know that he lives in a community responsive to
deeds like that. There is something noble in the way
with which San Francisco has met the responsibility
imposed by the destitution in which the hero's fam
ily was left. It is now clear we have more of civic
virtue than is generally conceded to us', and that we
are not indifferent to appeals to the higher sentiments
of mankind*.
Upon that showing the people of San Francisco are
entitled to commendation for the liberality as well as
for the promptness with which they responded to the
appeal made to them in behalf of the widow and the
children of the heroic fireman who gave his life in
the performance of his duty and at the call of hu
manity.
The Chief adds that, acting in accord with the wish
of Mrs. Sweeney that he take charge of the fund, he
will associate with himself two other trustees and will
invest the money in good interest paying securities,
and he estimates that the interest, together with the
pension paid by the Fire Department, will assure to
Mrs. Sweeney and her children an income of about
$90 a month. ;
CHIEF SULLIVAN in a letter to The Call set
ting forth the amount of money received by him
for the Sweeney fund up to Saturday, and
stating the manner in which he" intends to invest it,
said: "I beg to inclose to you a copy of a letter which
I have to-day received from the secretary of the As
sociated Theatrical Managers, which shows that the
grand total of the saie of tickets for the. performance
reached the sum of seven thousand nine hundred and
fifty-eight dollars ($795§). T"he amount of cash con
tributions which have been sent to me up to jhis
afternoon amounts to the munificent sum of six thou
sand five hundred and ninety-three' dollars and sixty
cents ($6593 60), giving a grand total of fourteen
thousand five hundred and fifty-one dollars and sixty
cents ($14,551 6b)."
A RESPONSE To HEROISM
MONDAY. JULY 9, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Add iMJ A'l Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Marker.
HASAUEU'S QKOTCE. «V»^^•Teleplione P««m ?9*
n^UCATIor OFFICB . . Mn rUet »n«t Third. S. F.
Telephone I'rens 2OI.
EDITORIAL ROOM* 217 to 221 SlereniOB St.
Telephone Pre«« 202.
Delivered t»T Currier*. 15 Cent- Per Week.
Mnsrl*- Cople«. 5 <>»«.
Terma bj Mall. Including Poiiaret
DATLY CALL, dncludinr Sunday), on* y*«r W«
PAILT CALL (including Sunday). « month* J -^
I>AILT CALL (lnclufllnr Sunday). 1 months J-jw
r>ATLT CALL— By 61r*le Month »«
EUSDAT CALL One Tear J-"|
WEEKLY CALL One Year ••• 1 - wg
All poatmMtera are nothorUed to receive
¦ obicrlptlona.
F&mpl* copies will be forwarded when requested.
Kail subscribers in ordering change of address should b«
particular to gl*a both NEW ANT> OLD ADDRESS In order
tu ln»ur» *. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKUM) OFFICE 1118 Bro»dw«j
. C GECRGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Varquette Building. Chicago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central J613.">
KEV* YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heriid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
f-bmoun House: P. O. N>»» C<k; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hcuae; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YOHK NEWS STANDS:
TP«0dorf-Astorl» Hot«l; A. Brentano, tl Union Square:
Murray HIU HoteL
WASHINGTON D. Cl OFFICE Wellington Hoto.
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
Ult «\TH OFFirKS- C?7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. cr*n
until 8:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:J0 o'clock. <"3
McAllister, oren until 1:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
k SO o'clock. ;»«1 Mitucr.. open until ID o" clock. KS1 Market.
"corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 10»6 -Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Elerer.th. open until i o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-swrnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Total 33
On that showing McKinley, having 206 sure votes,
needs only 18 more to be elected. He can lose New
York and Indiana and Kentucky and still be elected.
Bryan, on the other hand, has only 144 sure votes
and has to get 80 more to win. To him New York
is a necessity.
It is to be noted that every estimate concedes Cali
fornia as surely Republican. Let us keep it so.
Total C4
PROBABLE FOR BRYAN.
Elec. Votes, i Elec. Votes.
Idaho 31 Nevada 3
Kentucky 13jUtah 3
Maryland 8! Wyoming 3
Total 144
DOUBTFUL STATES.
PROBABLE FOR McKINLEY.
Elee. Votes. Elec. Votes.
Delaware 3 Kansas 10
Indiana 15; Xew York 36
Total 206
STATES SURE FOR BRYAN.
Elec. Votes. 1 Elec. Votes.
Alabama 11 Montana 3
Arkansas & Nebraska 8
Colorado 4North Carolina 11
Florida 4|South Carolina 9
Georgia l^Tennessee 12
Louisiana SjTexas 15
Mississippi 9 Virginia 12
Missouri 171
Elec. Votes. " Elec. Votes.
California 9'Xorth Dakota I
Connecticut 6;Ohio '. 23
Illinois 24, Oregon 4
Iowa 13 Pennsylvania 32
Elaine 6 Rhode Island 4
Massachusetts 15 South Dakota 4
Michigan 14;Vermont 4
Minnesota 9 Washington 4
New .Jersey 10 West Virginia 6
New Hampshire 12
STATES SURE FOR McKINLEY.
Four years ago McKinley received 7.104,779 and
Bryan 6,502,925 of the popular vote, and of the
Electoral College McKinley received 271 votes against
176 for Bryan. In that election McKinley carried
Maryland, West Virginia and all of Kentucky's elec
toral votes except one. It is claimed that he cannot
carry those States this year, and there are some seem
ingly sanguine Democrats who declare he will lose
New York also. \
There are 447 votes in the Electoral College, and
it will require 224 votes to elect. The Chicago Times-
Herald figures that Bryan will have this year the 176
votes he received in 1S96, and in addition thereto may
carry New York, with thirty-six votes,* Kentucky,
with twelve in addition to the one given for him be
fore, and Maryland with eight. -This would give
Bryan 232 votes and elect him. In fact, he would not
need the Maryland vote if he carried the other two.
Sanguine Republican experts estimate that Bryan
will not only gain nothing this year, but will lose
many of the votes he received four years ago. In an
estimate published some weeks ago General Grosve
nor conceded Bryan only 174 votes. A Republi
can estimate made during the Philadelphia conven
tion concedes to Bryan only 161 votes and claims for
McKinley 2S6.
Such estimates make no allowance for doubtful
States, but it is not to be denied that some of them
are doubtful. The only question is what States are
to be considered so. The New York World says
Bryan has 196 votes sure and McKinley 168 votes
sure, and it puts New York, Indiana. Ohio and Min
nesota, with a total of 83 votes, as doubtful. It gives
Kentucky, Maryland and West Virginia as sure for
Bryan, and in that -respect runs directly contrary to
the Philadelphia estimate that each of those States is
sure for. McKinley.
Perhaps the most trustworthy calculation yet made
is that of the New York Commercfal, as follows:
CALCULATING THE CHANCES.
BOTH the great parties have now placed their
tickets and their platforms in the field. The
rival forces have been lined up. It is to be an
other contest . between McKinley and Bryan—
of prosperity against discontent. There has been a
vast change in the conditions of business and industry
since .the former contest, and some change there, will
be in the issues presented to the voters. Consequently
there is more or less uncertainty as to what the re
sults of the changes will be, and political experts are
beginning to speculate concerning them.
with popular desire at times, but there have been no
scandals of jobbery or extravagance charged against
any of the Commissioners. It has been an indepen
dent board in the past, and the charter has wisely con
tinued" it so. Moreover, it is evident the men who
now compose the board will have the courage to
maintain its independence. They will employ the
funds appropriated for parks as seems to them most
expedient for the improvement of the public pleasure
grounds, and the attempted dictation- from the City
Hall will be as futile- as it was. foolish,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALX,, MONDAY,. JULY'!), 1900.
4
ES2Wa ft MSSSi!^SP A T :
CaL glace fruit 50c p«r n> at Townsend's.'
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watkl tie- Morday, July », at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Tweltifc «n<S Harrison streets.
By W. G. La yng— Tuesday. July 10, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
7T1 Howard street.
By S. TValklns— Tuesday. July 10. at 1 o'clock. Horses, at
Tenth and liryant Etreete.
AMUSEMENTS.
Aleaxar — "Camllle."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Optra-hou*e— "The Dar.clr.g Girl."
Columbia— "A Marriage of Convenience."
California— "A. Confined Woman."
Tivcli— "The Gelsba."
Olyrnria. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
even in*
Fischer'* — "Martha-"
Putro Hatht — Open nights.DEATH OF F. S. FREEMAN,
A PIONEER OF YOLO
Was Well Known In Republican Political
Circles and Father of the Freeman
Freights and Fare Bill.
Ian*, all of which Is now within the city
limits of Woodland. He was, the proprietor of
the first store in Woodland, and was the first
Postmaster and express agent He was one
of the original founders of the Bank of Wood
land and held the office of vice president con
tinuously until about two years ago. when he
was compelled to retire on account of ill-health.
Major Freeman cast his second vote for
Abraham Lincoln and was ever afterward an
active and influential Republican. He was
elected to the Assembly In 1870 and re-elected
In 1372. During; his second term he introduced
the famous "Freeman's Freights and Fare
Bill." He was also the candidate of the mi
nority party for Speaker. His fight for the
famous bill that bore his name gave him such
a State ¦ reputation that there was a strong
movement in 1874. by both Republicans and In
dependents, to nominate him for Governor, but
he declined to allow his name to be used.
In October. 1S37, Mr. FVeeman was married
to Miss Gertrude G. Swatn. a niece of Mrs. C.
W Crocker. Their only child, Lillian. Is now
th* wife of John Eackie of this county. The
funeral will probably be held on Tuesday under
the auspices of the Masonic fraternity.
WOODLAND. July 8.— Hon. T. 8.
Freeman died on his farm near
Woodland at 3:30 this morning. He
had been in falling health for two
years. Last Friday he lapsed into
unconsciousness and continued in
that condition until' the end, as if In a peaceful
sleep.
Major Freeman was a native of Kentucky and
was born December 25. 1S32. His parents moved
to Missouri when he was but little over a year
old. At the> age of 14 he was appointed to a
position In the commissary department of the
American army then operating against Mexico.
He served until the close of the war.
In April, ISO. he started overland for Cali
fornia, arriving at Placerville August 15, 1849.
The following year he came to Yolo County,
where he engaged in farming and stock rais
in 1S57 he bought 160 acres of Government
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE LATE MAJOR F. 8. FREEMAN.
Company B Wins.
Companies B and H of the League of
the Cross Cadets battled fiercely yester
day afternoon on the Sixteenth ahd'Fol
com street diamond, Company B winning
easily by a score of 20 to 8. .
Spokane Wins.
SPOKANE, July 8.— The Spokane Ath
letic Club, before 3000 people, made thir
teen hits* off the California star. Kelly.
Hawley was invincible. Score: All Cali
fornia 3, Spokane Athletic Club 17.
The San Francisco Yacht Club had a
cruise to McNears Landing and a clam
bake on the beach programmed for Sat
urday and Sunday, but. though the sloops
Cygnus, Thetis, Surprise, Nixie and Anita
sahed up to McNears Saturday evening,
there. was no clambake. The sloop Cath
erine went up to Stockton during the
street fair and has Jupt returned. J. R.
Savory's sloop Juanita came back on Sat
urday night from a trip 'up the Sacra
mento River. E. A. "Wlleke's schooner
Aggie and Vice Commodore H. R." Simp
kin's yawl Tramontana are on their way
to Santa Catallna Island. The schooner
Chlspa, the yawl Phyllis and the sloops
Siren and Sappho cruised in the upper bay
YACHTSMEN ENJt)Y A
SAIL ON BAY WATERS
yesterday. All came back to their moor
ings in gra.n& season with a fair breeze.
The Corinthians sailed up to the. Peta
luma drawbridge on Saturday and re
turned to their moorings yesterday.
• The sloop Flash, formerly one of the
speediest crafts of the California Yacht
Club -but' now enrolled In the Oakland
Canoe Club/ cruised on. the San Antonio
estuary yesterday afternoon, and nearly
all the canoes of the fleet » were under
sail. There was a moderate but fluky
breeze. Bowen's and Stewart's sloop Bea
trice Is undergoing repairs at Hartman's
yard, and ¦ Commodore Caduc's sloop An
nie is still wearing her winter canvas
covers. The sloop Ninette was also under
way.
Crushingly Defeat Their Old Oppo
nents on the Webster-Street
Grounds, Alameda.
The Alameda cricketers did not make a
very good start against the Pacifies yes
terday on the "Webster-street grounds,
Alameda, three wickets being- down for
ten runs. The veteran Moriar.ty, how
ever, put a different 'complexion on af
fairs, scoring sixty-eight runs. He was
ably assisted by Harold Ward, who com
piled twenty-eight. No other batsman
made double rlgures. the innings closing
for 129 runs. Five Pacific bowlers were
tried of whom Coles and Cassldy took
three' wickets each.
None of the Pacific batsmen stayed long
enough at the wickets to get set, Cole3
and Myers making only ten runs between
them. Cassidy (11)' and D. Jamieson (13)
were the only men to obtain double fig
ures. Harold Ward did great execution
with the ball, no fewer than eight wick
ets falling to his credit. F* Croll took
the remaining two, and the innings closed
for 44 runs. 85 below the Alameda total.
The full details follow:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R. B. Hogue. c O. Theobald, b. Cassidy.. I
J H. Saunders. run out 6
J. J. Morlarty, not out 6S
V. Seebeck, b. Sandllands o
F Croll, c. Myers, b. Willis 6
H. Ward Jr.. c. Hill. b. Casldy 28
H. Ward -St.. run out 4
W G. Fortman, b. Coles 3
O. J. Baugh, b. Coles 2
F Stahl, st. Myers, b. Coles 0
W. Rlchter, c. and b. Casidy S
Byes • *
Total 129
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 9, two
for 9, three for 10, four for 27, five for 84, six
for 101, seven for 1CS, eight for 110, nine for 110,
ten for 129.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. * R. M. W.
H. C. Casidy US 33 5 8
L H. Sandllands 96 34 t 1
A*. B. Willis 42 21 2 1
c. b. Bin.,:: is 8 .. o
C. P. Coles 54 24 0 3
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J. Myers, c. Ktchter.. b. Ward Jr 1
C P. Coles, b. Ward Jr 9
O. Theobald, c. Ward Sr., b. Ward Jr 2
H. C Casidy, c. Moriarty. b. Ward Jr 11
G. Wiseman, c. Stahl, b. Ward Jr 1
D. Jamieson. b. Croll 15
A. B. Willis, c. Crcll, b. "Ward Jr .' 0
C B. Hill. b. Ward Jr 4
W. McDonald, C. Fortman, h. Croll 0
L.*H. Sandllands. b. Ward Jr 0
W. Henderson, not out 0
Bye - _1
Total «
Runs at fall of each wicket — One for 10. two
for 11, three for 14. four for 20. five for 36, six
for 86, seven for 44, eight for 44, nine for 44,
ten for 44.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— . B. R. M. W.
Ward Jr 7S 22 3 8
F. Croll 74 21 17
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS
WIN FROM PACIFICS
llvan to Reilly: Moore to Streib. Time of jrame
—One hour and 50 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell.
Official scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
Oakland th.e Victor.
SACRAMENTO. July S.— Oakland won
from Sacramento In the worst game of
the season to-day. Both Doyle and Be
ville were knocked out of the box, and
Devereaux and Mosklman, who were sub
stituted, did not mend matters. The
pame vas replete with errors and hard
hitting, and the feature was the time
taken to play It. Score:
SACRAMENTO,
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A. K.
McLaughlln. If 5 4 1 3 0 0 1
Devereaui, 3b & p.. . 5 2 2 1 2 0 4
Easan. ?s. & c S 1 I 1 4 0 0
Hushes, rf. & cf.... 6 0 2 0 0 0 0
Har.lon. lb & fs 4 113 6 2 0
Ea^ar, c. & rf 6 110 0 3 1
l>cyle, p. & 3b 6 3 2 0 1 4 - 1
Phanahan. cf. & lb.. 3 2 2 15 0 0
Stulz, ib 4 0 10 6 5 1
Total* 43 14 15 9 24 14 S
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drer.nan. cf. 5 2 2 14 0 0
Lanse. Sb 6 3 5 14 0 1
Hutchinscn. lb 5 3 3 0 7 0 0
Held. rf. & If 3 2 1110 0
Francks. es S 2 3 1 J 4 4
Mo«kiman. If. & p.. . 5 2 2 1 1 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 10 5 6 0
Manirerina. c 5 14 0 8 4 1
Seville, p. & rf 4 10 0 0 10
Totals 40 16 18. 5 27 13 6
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 10 0 10 8 6 3—14
Ba-e hits 0 2 1 0 1 0 S 4 4—15
Oakland 0 0 0 2 0 S 4 7 •— 16
Base hits 1 0 13 12 4 7 "—IS
BUMMARt.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 5. Devereaux 4.
Bevllle 3. Mosklman 2. Three-base hits — Doyle,
Hughes. Two-base hits — Doyle. Eag&n, Man
perina. I^aruje. Sacrifice hits— Francks, Bevllle,
First base on errors— Sacramento 6. Oakland 6.
First base on balls— By Doyle 5. by Bevllle 6,
by Mosklman 2. Left on bases— Sacramento 10.
Oakland ". Struck out— By Beville 2. by Doyle
1. Double play — Hanlon (unassisted). Passed
ball*— Eag&n 1. Mangerina 1. Time of game—
I hours and E3 minutes. Umpire— M. Fisher.
Scorer— I. C. Nathan. .
MINOR BASEBALL.
Altos of San Francisco Meet Defeat
at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. July 8— The Altos of San
Francisco were defeated by the San Jose
nine to-day. Score 11 to 3. The home
team kept the lead from the beginning.
8ALIXAS. July 8.— The Ford & Sanbom
nine won another victory this afternoon
at Recreation Park. They played the
butchers' nine and won out by a score of
9 to 6. Xext Sunday they will cross bats
with Hollister, and as they have not
yet met defeat a spirited game Is looked
OROVILLE, Julx 8.— The game of base
ball to-day between Orovllle and Gridley
was won by Gridley. At the close of the
eleventh fnnlnp the score stood 4 to 3.
COLUSA, July 8.— The game between.
Athletics of Sacramento and home team
was won by the latter. Score 12 to 1.
• .
PLAY THIRTEEN IHTNTNGS.
Brooklyn Wins a Ixmg Game From
Cincinnati on Bad Decision.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brw.kfyn 41 21 .661; Cincinnati. ..W !5 .453
Philatelphia.23 2S .K&' ! Boston 27 23 .430
Pltt*burg....35 30 .!2b Ft. Louts 37 34 .443
Chicago 34 30 .£31 1 New York 21 39 .300
Batteries— Hahn and Pelti: Kennedy, Kltson
and SIcGulre. Umpire — Emslie.
CINCINNATI. July 8. -Brooklyn won out In
the thirteenth Inning to-day on a miserable de
c'.flon by Emslie and a scratch hit. Attend
ance WK-0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati '. 3 9 3
Brooklyn 4 15 -..",.4
Batteries— Young and Criger: Mcekin. Mc-
Creary and Schriver. Umpire— Hurst.
ETt LOUIS, July 8.— St. Louli hammered
Meekin's shoots all over the lot and the game
was never In doubt. Attendance 8500. 8cor«:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Et. Louis K 15 i
Plttsburg J 9 3
CHICAGO. July &— Carriers pitching was
very easy for the Chicagos to-day, six singles,
nine doubles and a four-barcer giving them a
one-sided victory. Both teams played poorly
In the field. Attendance 70C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Chicago 11 i« 4
New York % 3(5
Batteries— Cunningham and Donahue; Carrlck
and Warner. Umpire— O' Day.
American League Games. -
KANSAS CITY. July 8.— Kansas City, t; Min
neapolis, 4.
MILWAUKEE; July S.— Milwaukee. 0; Chl-
C *BUFFALO, July •.—Buffalo, 11; Cleveland, 5.
the hands can stand water hotter than the
body can. We had our hands In the
water.'
"The beating with tovels. together with
the action on the skin of the poison, was
what caused the epldermus to slough oft*.
The treatment was proper and I would
give it again."
Dr. Leland stated Saturday night that
Dr. Noble's assertion that death was due
to oedema of the lungs ¦was erroneous.
The autopsy had shown that there was ab
solutely no oedema of the lungs. When
questioned on that point Dr. Noble said:
"What if there was none? What does
that prove? Death was due to opium pol
soninB, that is certain — to a paralysis of
the vital organs— whether there was oede
ma of the lungs or not."
due to the hot bath," Dr. Noble said last
evening:, "is simply ridiculous, and Is not
worth discussion. It is not worth my time
to deny It.
"The painters who grave the bath will bfi
on hand at the Inquest and they will tell
how hot the water was. I don't know.
"You see. I didn't give the bath. I sim
ply ordered a hot bath, to be followed by
a "cold one. and I supposed the painters
¦were intelligent enough not to cook the
fellow alive.
"The painters gave the man the bath
while I v.as writing my prescriptions and
Betting my syringes ready. When they
brought him out I saw that his skin was
very red, and I said to one of them: 'Good
heavens, man. what have you been doing
to the fellow?' He replied, 'Well, you see,
DE. J. A. NOBIiE, WHO ORDERED TH K BATH FOE STADIE.
San Francisco 9, Stockton 1.
And now let the sun of g-ood deeds chine
full upon Hank, his "pretzel nine" and
Theophrastus Such, mascot and bat re
triever of the locaJ team. Four times in
unbroken succession has the German and
Irish teem buried Stockton beneath a mud
covering cf defeat. This week's work on
the diamond has sent Hank from the po-
Bition cf a rank tail-ender to a third, with
in shaking- distance of Stockton in second
place. The Dudes are now the trailers.
Good, careful baseball did it all. Wheth
er It was heaxt or nerve tonic Is hard to
eay. but one thing is sure, the local nine
came out of Its skin of bad luck and bad
r'.ayir.g. On Recreation grounds yester
day- afternoon Hank's men played as if
they were ball tossers inspired with life
and interest In their work. The result was
victory
"Bad Boy** Bodie. Stockton's substitute
for "One Lamp" Locknead, may have
frightened Whalen out of his curves and
epeed. At any rate he was an easy mark
for the local batsmen in the afternoon.
Whalen pitched both the morning and aft
ernoon matches, with equal non-success.
There is an excuse for his afternoon per
formance — that of physical weakness.
Schwartz -Bias responsible for the run In
the first inning. With one man dead. Bab
bitt took a constitutional to first, went to
second ca "Bad Boy" Bodie's out and
ecored on Pace's hit to Schwartz. While
McCarthy, who hit to left and was safe
et the initial bag. attempted to steal sec
ond. Pace trotted home, but was caught
et the plate by Krug's throw.
The score was soon tied, and before the
Inning was over Frisco led by a run.
Brockhoff jopged to first on four bad ones,
went to the middle station on Hilbebrand's
sacrifice, to third on Schwartz's out and
crossed the rubber when the ball passed
Pace. Then* Pabst rolled out a two-bag
ger and Sullivan followed with a hit, scor
ing Pabst. but he himself died between
Iir>t and second.
Th" second lnninp was full of tremors,
end Hank pulled out of it by a bunch of
luck. A double by Moore, an error by
Kru* and four "no good anyhow" balis to
Whalen rilled the baps. But Streib hit
FhTl to Iburg and Moore died at the
p!at*. making the second out. Morrow
havir? sone t he way of the dead on a fly
1 all. Courtney, napping at third, retired
the side.
In the third "vVhalen was easy. BroCkhoff
Ftartfd with a hit and went to the middle
station on Schwartz's out. Hildebrand
5iavirg perished on a fly ball. A hit by
I'ahst s-i-oreti Brockhoff. "Laeer" stole
second f"on after and pedaled the rubber
on Sullivan's hit. "Sully" was caught at
lirst.
In the fifth Brockhnff made another run.
A hit. a sacrifice by Hildebrand. a Bt<*al
and a hit by Schwartz made the score
5—1.
There was r' p nty of action in the sixth
for Hank's own. but only a single run re
pultevi. Three hits, by Sullivan. Krup and
Reilly. some bad throwing-, the bags at
one time crowded, were the fe'atural ele
ments in this inninp.
STOCKTON
The seventh showed the local team in
fine bat=c--ruijn:ng form and good, delib
erate bitting behavior. The base running
was superb. Schwartz and Pabst coming
out of it with the honors. This made the
Boon &— L Brockhoff scored in the eighth.
rT.fhingr first on balls and crossing the
p'ate on Hlldtband's double. The score:
AB. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
ftreib. 1b 4 0 1 <> 13 0 0
Babbitt. :b 3 10 0 13 1
B:-i:e. *e 4 O 0 0 2 4 0
Pace, c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
McCarthy, If 4 0 2 0 : 2 0
Moore. 3b 4 0 10 15 1
Omrtney. cf 4 0 0 0 10 1
M.->rrv>ii-. rf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whalen. p 2 0 0 0 0 S 0
Totals :: i 4 o :4 is 3
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
B-'-kh r. ct 2 4 2 15 0 0
Hllitrbraad. rf 3 0 10 0 0 0
Schwartz, ib 4 110 3 2 2
Tabst. !b 4 3 Z 1 10 0 0
Puliivan. c 3 18 0 5 10
Lovy. If 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Krup. M 4 0 2 0 0 6 1
]'...:>. n> 4010100
Ibnrr. r 4 0 0 114 1
Total* SI S 13 3 S7 13 4
BC3CS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Ftoekton 1 00000000—1
Base hit* 1 10009110— 4
Sar. Fran'-lsoo 2 0201121*— 9
Base hits 2 1 J 0 2 3 1 1 •— 13
SUMMARY.
Hun? resp-r.flWe f^r— Whalen. 4. Twc-base
y.tt»— Pabrt. Moore. Hi'.iebrar.d. Sacrifice hits
— Hlldebrand. I; SuI'lvan^ bevy. First base en
Use on called balls— Stockton. 2; San Fran
cisco, 3. \jc'.\ on ba!«*— Stockton. 6: San Fran
cisco. 5. Struck out-By Iburr, 2; by VVhalen.
2_ Passed balls— Pec*, 2. Wild pitch— Whalen.
Time of szme — 1 hour and 30 minutes. I*m
plre — O' Cornell. Orflclal scorer — J. W. Staple
ten.
MORNING GAME.
San Francisco 7, Stockton 1.
Mr. Whalen was responsible for the third
consecutive Victory cf Frisco over the Mil
lers at Oakland yesterday morning-. Out
of seven runs the responsibility for five
rests upon Whalen. The sixth and eighth
Innings won the game for Hank. In the
Fixth Vv'halen went bad. and in the eighth
worse. Three hits and as many runs in
Hank's first luck inning and four men
over the rubber with three hits in the
eighth did the victory job for Hank be
yond all question.
Fireman Fltz was at the hose for the
local team, and he pitched unsolvable
curves. But four hits were made off hi?
delivery, and none of these came together.
But what Frisco was rich in was a bunch
of five errors, although in no rase costly.
SAX FRANCISCO.
Krup carried off the batting honors of
th»» day. He was the only man in the
team who won the distinction of swatting
out more than a single. A three-badger
and a <1ouble constituted Krug's record at
the bat. A few double plays added inter
est to rhf came, which was of hferh qual
ity but for the weakening' of Whalen in
the two Innings, which were "happy
thoughts" for Hark Harris, now no longer
In fourth place. The score:
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c. t 4 0 10 0 0 0
H:!<J»hrand. r. f 2 1 1 2 1 0 0
Schwartz. 2 b 3 11 0 3 l'.it
golllvan. r 3 10 0 9 3 0
fah-n. ! b 4 2:0611
Levy. I. f.J 3 110 8 0 0
£ ru f. «¦ « 4 12 0 4 0 2
ReUljr, 3 b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Fltipatrick. p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
detail SI 7 8 2 27 I 5
STOCKTON.
_ . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
f'^'b. 1 b 6 0 1 0 12 X 0
Babbitt, 2 b 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Bodie. e. ¦ 4 0 0 0 2 11
£?5f •<••••••• J 0 10 4 0 0
McCarthy. I. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
i-'-or*. Z to 3 0 0 0 3 4 0
Courtney, c f S 0 0 0 1 0 0
rJ-fT*- r - f a i i i 2 o o
vlhalen. p » 0 10 0 2 0
Tot*\t SO I 7 "l 24 14 1
BUKS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Et £ c5rto U. ° oioooooo—i
lia»e h!t« o 0101100 1-4
™? Francisco o 0 0 0 0 3 0 4 »-7
Base hits 0 1 8 0 0 I 1 S •— 3
Brasunr. i'
Run* retponsibie for-Whalen 5. Three-base
h "~ K ™ K - T^"°- b «*« hlt-KruB. First b«s« on
errorf-Foa Franrlwo 1. Stockton 2. First base
on called balls-^an Francisco S, Stockton 6.
L*ft on bates— San Francisco 5. Stockton 8.
KTV? o^-Br FJt *P«rick 7. br Wbalen 3.
Double play*-Whalea to Streib to Moore; 8nl-
Whalen Pitched Both the Morning
and Afternoon Games and Was
Very Easy for the Frisco
Batsmen.
Superb Ball Played by Har
ris' Team on Recreation
Diamond
FOUR STRAIGHT
VICTORIES FOR
THE LOCAL NINE
The wise ones received quite a shock In
the deciding round of the open stake at
Union Coursing x'ark yesterday. Royal
Flush, an overnight favorite for the stake
and on whose chances the talent made a
heavy play. In the final course was beat
en, and on merit, too, by P. J. Reilly's
The Grafter. Six to one were the odds
qiioted when the doga went to the slips.
The Grafter had the foot on Flush and
was gaining when both dogs went un
sighted. Flush went back a point in the
betting, but still many got their money
down on him for the next trial. The sec
ond race was a repetition of the first, in
asmuch as The Grafter took the lead and
was never headed until the kill. Point
after point he scored until he rolled up
eighteen. .In front of the grand stand he
held the lead until the game ran close to
the fence. Here he hesitated, and Flush
took the turn and kill, making his only
ocore. Every one voted the race a fine
exhibition. The Grafter's wins were:
Beat McKinley 6—2, Sylvanus 11—6, Rosle
Claire 10—0, Whitehead 4—3, and In the
sixth round beat Twin City Girl, a fresh
dog. 6 — 0. In this last course Grafter was
on the short end at 3 to 1; and McKlnley
Bold favorite in the second round over him
at 2 to 1.* Royal Flush started off with a
bye. then beat For Glory 3 — 1. Royal Anne
o — 4. Xareissus 7 — 4 and Rural Artist 5 — 0. i
The pikers got in their work on Swedish,
who beat Nora at 10 to 1, Snapper Gar
rison 2 to 1 against Belle Claire, Rosie-
Claire on a fluke from Flying' Fox at 6 to
1. Jennie Wilson against Auckland at 5 to
8, Master Lawrence at 2 to 1 aeainst Snap
per Garrison and Jennie "Wilson's lncky
win over Warship at 7 to 1. Warship had
things to himself, but on reaching for the
hare took a severe tumble, and before he
could join in again the course was ended.
The day's results follow, with Judge
John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round— Sterl & Knowles 1
For Glory beat Curtis & Son's Anchor, 11 — 3;
F. A. McComb's Itoyal Flush a bye; C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat T. Tierney's Tea
Rose, 4—0; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat
T. J. Cronin's Thornhill. lft-0; J. Mailer's
Swedish beat T. J. ilclnerny's Nora, 7 — 3; Cur
tis & Son's Xarcissus beat C. B. Charlesworth's
Crawford Braes, 4—2; E. M. Helloes Sweet
Emma beat Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer,
10— S; Russell, Allen &. Wilson's Magic beat
H. Lynch's Lottie M. 5 — 3; Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist beat J. L. Ross* J L It. 12—8; K.
P. 'Whiting's St. Anthony beat H. A. Deckel
man'e Lawrence, 13—10; D. Winders' Risky At
tempt beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda, 3—2;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Lad a bye; J.
button's Master Lawrence " beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto, 9 — 4; J. Morlarity's Snapper Gar
rison beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle
Claire. 6—4; T. J. Cronin's Wild Traiee beat
I. X. Woods' Cliff Wilson, S— 1; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Sara beat P. J. Reilly's Ploughboy,
; — 0: Russell. Allen & Wilson's Rosie Claire
beat Curtis & Son's Flying Fox, 10—7; F.
Schou's King? 8 Borderer beat Captain Clark
son's Golden Garter, 5—4; P. J. Reilly's War
ship beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Em
ma. S— 0; P. J. Rellly's The Grafter beat Cur
tis & Son's McKlnley, 6—2; J. R. Smith's Jen
nie Wilson beat J. Carroll's Auckland, 3—0;
J. R. Smith's Sylvanus beat H. A. Deckelman's
Glen Chloe. 10—7; R. E. de B. Lopez's White
head beat Curtis & Son's Old Glcry. 10 — 1: J.
Sutton's Mayflower beat M. Dunlea's Erin,
«-«• . .. . _ . . . _ _.
Third round— Royal Flush beat For Glory,
5—1; Royal Anne beat Silver Cloud, S— 2; Xar
clssus beat Swedish, 6—0; Magic beat Sweet
Emma. 4 — 2; *Rural Artist .beat St. Anthony,
6 — 0; Ilisky Attempt beat Crawford Lad. 6 — 2;
Master Lawrence beat Snapper Garrison. 10 — 3;
Sara beat Wild Traiee, ft-2; Rosle Claire beat
King's Borderer, 6—1; Jennie Wilson beat War
ship. 10 — I; The Grafter beat Sylvanua. 11—6;
Whitehead beat Mayflower, 5 — J.
Fourth round — Royal Flush beat Royal Anne,
5—4; Narcissus beat Magic, 11—3; Rural Artist
beat Risky Attempt. 4—3; Sara beat Master
Lawrence, 4—1: The Grafter beat Rosle Claire,
10 — 0; Whitehead beat Jennie Wilson. 9 — 5.
Fifth round — Royal I Flush beat Narcissus.
7 — 4; Rural Artist beat Sara, 4—3; The Grafter
beat Whltehead, 4—3.
Sixth round— Royal Flush b«at Rural Artist.
£ — 0; The Grafter a bye.
Deciding round — Tna Grafter beat Royal
Flush, 13—3.
New Coursing Park.
William Thompson, a director of the
Ingleside Coursing Park Association, an
nounced yesterday that he had closed a
deal with the lessee of the San Mateo
Coursing Park for the use of the grounds
for four years. Thompson says ne will
establish with the old Ingleside associa
tion this new park for regular coursing
matches. According to his plans racing
will be started on July 2S. The employes
of the Ingleside Park will go to the San
Mateo Association.
Ten Short Ends, Some at Good*
Odds, Get the Flag to th©
. , Great Joy of the
Pikers.
Runs an Undecided and Then
Wins on Merit in a
Fine Course.
GRAFTER HOLDS
STRONG LEAD ON
ROYAL FLUSH
Examination of the
Body Leaves No
Question as to the
Effects of the Re
suscitatingTreat-
ment
THE results of the autopsy per
formed by Dr. T. B. "\V. Leland on
the body of Paul Stadie. the Palace,
Hotel suicide, has aroused great in
dignation at the character of the treat
i ment given the unfortunate man. The ln
; quest, which will probably be held to
morrow morning, mav "be expected to
¦ determine whether Stadie died from mor
phine poisoning or was boiled to death.
Dr. Leland, the autopsy surgreon, Bays
that the man was scalded as a hog is
pcaided to remove the skin and hair to
gether; that the epithelium peeled off
from two-thirds of the body, and that It
is more probabl* that death was due to
the shock resulting from the scalding
than from the effects of the poison swal
lowed by the would-be suicide.
Dr. J. Albert Noble, the physician who
prescribed the hot bath and left the giv
ing of it to the two hotel painters, who
had been hastily summoned from their
buckets and step-ladders. Is sure that
Stadie died from morphine poisoning. He
asserts that it was the beating with tow
els, not parboiling, that stripped the body
of three-fourths of the outer layer of
ekln and left the sensitive, true skin ex
posed, with the blood oozing from the
pores. He denies his .responsibility for
the effect of the hot bath In any case, on
the ground that he left that part of It
to the painters. He told them to give the
man a hot bath, and supposed they were
intelligent enough not to Imitate hog
scalding- If they put the unconscious
man into boiling water, Dr. Noble asserts,
the responsibility does not rest with him.
Dr. Leland filled in the autopsy blank as
follows:
Cause of death — morphine poison
ing (P) shock, due to extensive burn
ing of body.
"We have had a great many cases of
morphine poisoning at the Morgue." Dr.
Leland said last evening, "but I have
never seen such a sight as this body is.
Three-fourths of Its surface is denuded of
the epithelium. There is no doubt in the
world that the hot batn caused the
ploughing off of the skin. The water
must have been scalding hot and actod
just as it does ¦when hops are scalded and
the hair scraped off.
"The analysis of the stomach will show
whethe/ morphine or other poison was
present in sufficient quantity to produce
death. In my opinion the shock from tha
!=caidlngr of the skin and the exposure of
the dermis sufficiently account for the
man's death.
"I have never seen a case of morphine
poisoning where the skin sloughed off as
the result of poisoning. In this case the
scalding water did It. There can be no
question of that."
"The story that the death of Stadie was
AUTOPSY SURGEON LELAND IS
POSITIVE STADIE WAS SCALPED
4 ¦ .."".¦:
THIS SAJ>T JTKANC1SCO CALL, MONDAY, »IUIiY 9, 1900.
5
A RARE BILLJF NOVELTIES!
SMITH * FULLER: BARItERE A JTLE3:
STELLA MAYHETW: CLJXTOV WHITE
AND MARIE STUART. Assisted by MIS3
EVA RANDOLPH: QUAKER CITY QUAR-
TET: TODO-JtTDGE FAMILY; AMERI-
CAN BIOGRAPH and
FAREWELL WEEK OF
THE FOUR COHANS
Reserved seats. 2Sc: balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. Mo.
Matinees. Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
THIS WEEK— Every Nisht (Except Saaday.)
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY,
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
And
a special coirPAsrr
la the Charmlns Comedy of Manaera, ,
A Marriage of
Convenience
Adapted From the French by Sydney Grandy.
Next Week "The Liars."
July 13— First Burton Holmes Lecture Matlaeo.
* If VOLI*
TO-NIGHT BEGINS THE LAST WEEK of U»
Enormous Operatic Success.
Evenings at 3. Matinee Saturday at L
Next Week. Revival of WANO.
MONDAY. July 30. Gala Op«nln* of Htm
GRANT) OPERA SEASON.
Walch the Papers for Full Partlcnlan.
POPULAR PRICES-Kc and 50a.
Telephone — Bush 9.
1
JL BIO- HIT!
DUNNE AND /IMEr'S
ALL-STAR CAST,
Presenting for the Balance of This Week.
ONLY MATIXEE SATCRDAT.
HOYTS Cleverest Satire.
A CONTENTED
WOMAN !
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. MATTHEWS *
BULGER'S Big Rag Tim* Sueeeas.
"AT GAY CONET ISLAND."
PHONE MAIN 632.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
BRILLIANT SUCCESS OP THE
NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Henry Arthur Jones' Greatest Play.
THE DANCING GIRL
The Duke of Gnlsebtiry. WILTON LACKAYE.
Reappearance of KEITH WAKEMAN »nl
MARY VAN BUREX.
Prices— 73c. SOc. TZc. 13c.
Saturday Matinee— SOc. 23c. 13c. 19c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Children In Anns Not Admitted.
THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT,
? NOTABLE REVIVAL.
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Supported by "WHITE WHTTTLESEY la a
Splendid Production.
CAMILLE !
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAT.
Next Week— 'THE COUNTRY OtRIfc"
CHUTESand Z00
EVERY AFTERNOON ANT> EVEXTSO.
THE WTLSON FAMILY. HOWARD ft CAMP-
BELL. HADLET & HART. MeDONALO
BROS., MAE HART. NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
WALLACE, TBE UNTAMABLE LION.
CANNON. THlF FAT MAN,
Amatenr Night/ Thursday.
Order Seats by Phona, Park 3.
FT^rHFR'^ concert house.
ridbn&n O AdmiMloi. 10c.
Third Act of "MARTHA." In Eavtlss. DE"ET3
and DON. BABY DOLUVER, ISABELLB
UNDERWOOD and New Mnvlnj Pictures
by EDISON" 3 PROJECTOSCOPE.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. ex
Bathlnr From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing Including Admission. SSc: Children 20a.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS
Travelers from every portion of th«
Klobe show their appreciation or the
comforts and luxuries to b« obtained
In these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting Saa
Frmnclsetx
Connected by a corered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
J^4<£f!3^fc£*»»JY ma ff l» a non-ponccom
**%£t5&* *S6hQ maody for Uonorrhcww
jgg^ZnX^Sffl f^- 3p«riaatorrh£t
££g#ia 1 to J 4»ti. «a Wnlt«a, unnatural <iis»
MfitSf G»ir*au»l H char?«». or any lnfls-nin^
5*» g oat to Mri»tai«. tion, i irritation or okerav
¦^-gfwau crotagioa. tion ct macon* mem-
fC*lrHEEymCHEwruCa br »oe«. Hoo-««trtn£«as.
toEllHatKATl.O.ESCT Sold by Dnuriiu,
C. 1. x jF'tii or <ent la plain wrapper,
IA/. T. HESS.
K0TABY TUSUU AND ATT0SMSY-Ar-I,AT.
Testa Floor, r.oonj 1013. Clans Spreckela Bide.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 CaliXomla «t.. below Powell.
Can Francisco.
PRCC pf]yil| fzz^vjs
Unl L TiU I HL Ste^mJ'an'd 1 L^lerT
5c Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
V& fcO.**
222-224 SUTTER STREET
Children's Prize Cash Contest ends
July IS. Catalogue free for the ask-
ing.
New shipments of MINERAL
WATERS just in:
Buffalo Lithia,
Carlsbad Sprudel,
Carlsbad Muehlbrunn,
Giesshucbler,
Kissingen Racoczy.
Londonderry Lithia, quart, pint
and half gallon.
. Oberselters-nassau,
Adams Springs.
speciajTreductiohs
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
RIenzl Beer dozen qts $2.15
Rochester, N. T. rifl7Pn nt« tl 31
Finest table beer la HOZBli piS $1.00
the world. Another carload Just in.
Regularly }< 45 and Jl 60.
Coffee, " Oriental" 2 lbs 55c
Roasted or ground. We roast dally.
Regularly 35c lb.
Lemons. "Fanciest" dozen 15c
Our regular 2Sc quality.
Corn, "Cactus Brand" 3 cans 25c
urty'a&'SS- Reir1 ' J doz $1.00
Adams 1 Springs Mineral Water,
Bottled at springs; for « 3ca t7 7^
cure of dyspepsia, cos- ««»« •! I • I *i
tlveness. liver and kidney rf 7 fl i f<) <)C
complaints It has no equal. U£ l|l O/.ZJ
Olives, Ripe Black Cal. quart 15c
Delicious flavor. Reg-u- n-al RRp
larly 2Sc qt.. 75c ral. 6 fll JJU
Castile Soap oar 25c
Imported French. Regularly 20c.
Wood Alcohol qt 35c. gal $1.00
For burning only. Regularly <Jt. 40c.
gallon $1 25. *
Washing Ammonia, Grear's qt bot 20c
Cheapest known cleansing
agent. Res. 25c.
Brooms, medium weight 25c
Mads of best selected corn. Rer. S3o.
Dust Pan, steel euge 35c
Including 10-lncb Bristol Dust Brush.
Regularly 60c.
CIGARS.
We sell retail at jobbing prices.
Try us.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES ffSSn
>^ REQUIRED jp|f
Oar removable bridf • work is beautiful aad
durable. Warranted 10 years.
¦ dtfBF^ Our S5O0 Plates
>rf!?rigVg^< fUH'^eaglove.
/ffiSSfegg^glgi -Our rbcthod for
JSkiESL "?*l,LL e rr*'^'j§B paloless extracting
IjPhj^'^.fSjHr^fei&s^ Is patented and
KlftTTfn'^^V^ZW used by no other
5UB|J|jjyy»r^ derjtlst oi) tbe Pa-
PRICE LIST for SO Days:
PmJnlens Extraction 23«
Krmovabla Brldgework...... .....S3.OO
Crownj $2.0O to fS.OO
Pure Oold FlUlDfs $1.00
Amalgam - COo
Oold and Platina. *}1.«M»
Silver FlUlnr • 5Oo
Mrs. Dr. R. I*. Walsh will attend to ta»
children's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. U. WALSH,
S15H GEART ST.. between Hyde and Larkln.
Office Hours— » a. m. to 5 D. m.; Sandaya.
• to 12. -Telephone Polk 1135.
THELIBERAUJREDIT HOUSE.
BRILLIANT'S,
FOK
FURNITURE
AND
GARRETS
REDUCED^ PRICES.
FREK DELTVERT WITH1K 100 MTT.ra,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings, Near Powell.
| DR. MEYERS & CO. j
Diseases and Weakness of Men. \ ',
**« _ - f* 1 * ft "
\ Largest Hedlcal lsstltots trd Host Extsr.jlve \
Practice. Consultation Free. ?
I 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO |
i Hoa* Cart*. Staled Prirtta Book, l"ree. ' \
Aviair OR- JORDAN'S <ireat4
Imuseum of anatomy?
' Or Thr I-a'Z"* Anatomical Masena in tb« \
t r^gnfTjfc, Wortd. H eakne*tes er any contricted m j
V *SkS1 distue pe*itJ*c2yei»r©dt!y the cldttf X, \
Q /£>«3l SpcutHstra 1 **- Coast. Est. 36 jr«rv % !
A fl^WI OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE O'SEASES 4 j
x I Co:w»!t»tioa frw ind strictly priT»» \ j
A I XfwS Trtirmem pertonaliy cr by lrrttr. A £
\ S T v •' r ° ct ' %i Curt in r»crjrcaseu=J:rtaion. \
Ami It & Wr <<« f - r Kx *- rBiLotoPai *t A
™ 1 ll . MA«»IASE. MtlLEO FKE3. iAf
X A fl ' ralnable book for nra) \
9 DIl. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. f
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGINO PUMPS
l/DArU Were successful at Nome last
illlUvIl year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson it. S. F.
KMTff.BOOM FOR DUELL.
Suggested as Republican Candidate
for Governor of New York.
WASHINGTON. July 8.-Th e Post to
morrow ,will say that the friends of the
Hon. Charles H. Duell. Commissioner of
Patents. Intend to press him vigorously as
the next Republican candidate for Gov-
SLUMP IN STOCKS.
Effect of the Chinese Trouble on the
Markets.
LONDON. July 8.— The sole concern of
the Stock Exchange now Is China. The
sudden drop in Chinese bonds during the
week Just ended upset a number of loans
secured by the deposit of 'these securities,
and forced heavy selling of others In order
to provide funds to supply lost margins.
Hence there was a heavy slump all along
the line, which in spite of a subsequent
rally left its traces on all the markets,
consols losing one point. Chinese securi
ties were lower for the week in spite of
the fact that the installment of Interest
for 1S99 was duly paid in by the Shanghai
banks.
Americans have been the best market
of the week. Berlin selling has been offset
by New York buying. Prices, except for
iJouisville and Nashville, closed fraction
ally higher on the week. Mining securities
were depressed, Rands being lVi down.
Money was fairly plentiful at 1 to 1*4 per
cent for call loans and 1% per cent for
loans for a week. Discounts were firm at
£i: to 2'i4 uer cent.
THREE MORE BODIES
FOUND IN THE SAALE
Charred Remains of Victims of the
Terrible Fire Taken From the
Burned Steamer.
NEW YORK. July 8.— Three more
bodies were found to-day on the Saale.
This makes twenty-nine bodies that have
thus far been taken from the wreck of the
steamer since the fire and 146 bodies fn all
recovered. The bodies recovered to-day
were found in the second cabin.- in the aft
erpart of the ship and they were
horrible sights to look upon. They had
very little clothing on and 'were all vic
tims of fire. They could not be identi
fied.
Chief Officer Hanry Schaeffer, who was
In charge to-day, said he had no Idea who
the men had been, but, judging from the
place they were found, he thinks they
were stewards. "
The body of a man badly scarred and
burned was found at Rockaway Beach
this afternoon and taken to the morgue
there. The body is supposed to be that of
a victim of the Hoboken disaster.
Dynamite was exploded on the river bed
about the wrecks of the piera of the
North German Lloyd line to-day without
bringing to the surface any more bodies.
Will Handle New York Campaign.
ALBANY, N. T., July 8.— Chairman
Frank Campbell of the .Democratic State
Committee has appointed Mayor James K.
McGulre of Syracuse chairman of the ex
ecutive committee of that city.- As the
head of this committee Mayor McGuire
will handle ¦ and direct the gubernatorial
compaign in the State thiB fall.
Feel That It Evidences a Disposition
On the Part of the Govern
ment to Trust Them.
HAVANA, July 8.— The orders recently
issued for the removal of a largre number
of troops from Cuba have been gladly
welcomed by the Cubans,, and General
Wood is In receipt of trjany letters from
various municipalities offering thanks for
what they call his disposition to trust the
Cubans and declaring that' the entire isl
and Is in a state of absolute tranquillity.
The Tenth Infantry, it is believed, will
leave the Island shortly after the de
parture of the regiments now under orders
to proceed home.
General Wood will probably pay a short
visit to the United States/leaving on Sat
urday next. His purpose is to escort Mrs.
Wood and his- family to their home, and
also to consult with Secretary of War
Root regarding the coming constitutional
convention. ~ »
The Governor's family will remain north
for the. rest of the summer. All are very
anxious as to the state of Miss Condlt
Smith. Mrs. Wood's sister, in Peking, but
hope for the best. The local papers ex
press much sympathy.
¦ . «•. — ; —
LIKELY TO BE ABSENT.
San Francisco's First Alcalde Will
Not Attend Admission Day
Celebration.
SACRAMENTO, July 8.— General Geary,
the first Alcalde of San Francisco, cannot
accept the invitation to attend the Ad
mission day celebration In San Francisco.
General Geary died twenty-seven years
aso. •; "*"2>V<' '. .v-.-7.--v
CUBANS PLEASED' THAT .
TROOPS WILL BE REMOVED
ized nations and the Chinese. Mr. Cong-er
makes It very clear, through the publica
tion of the French priest's letter, that at
least one and probably all the European
nations having interests in China were ac
quainted with the dangers of the situation
et least two or three weeks before the
factual outbreak in Peking. The corre
spondence referred to follows:
Minister Conger's Report.
LEGATION OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
PEKING. May 21, 1300.
To the Hon. John Hay, Secretary of State,
Washington — Sir: I have the honor to confirm,
on th« overleaf, my cipher telegram of to-day.
In response to the French Minister the dean
called a meeting of the diplomatic corps yes
terday, and upon Information furnished In a
letter from the Catholic Bishop in Veking and
verbal reports by the other Ministers the situ
ation was considered so grave that the corps
Immediately- instructed the dean to present it
to the Tsur.g L.1 Tamen and demand immediate
and effective measures, which he did to-day by
the note, a copy of which Is inclosed.
I *.:» j Inclose copies of the Bishop's letter and
on* from Rev. Mr. KlUie, an American mission
ary, who lives in Peking, but travels a. circuit
to the north and east.
On the lUh inst.. during an extended per
sonal interview with the Tsung 1A Yamen, I
called their attention to the fact that, notwith
standing constant warnings from this and other
legations, the Boxers had continually increased
and epread until now they are boldly organ
izing inside th« walls of Peking, the existence
of thousands is known in the villages around
Peking. Christian converts are being perse
cuted and threatened everywhere, many forced
to recant their religious profession, and some
hava been compelled to abandon their chapels
and come to Peking for safety.
I said: "At a London mission near Chou
Chow, forty miles west cf Peking, two native
Christians have been killed and their chapel de
stroyed. Near Pao Tir.g Fu a Catholic village
has been destroyed and sixty-one Christians
murdered, some of them being burned alive.
The foreirn Governments cannot longer sit idly
by and witness this persecution and murder. I
can only epeak fcr ray own Government, but It
ic becoming very impatient over China's con
tinued treaty violations. It always has been
¦ r.d ettll Is the good friend of China, and only
wishes It prcrperlty, but is now more than ever
determined to sustain the treaty rights of all
American citizens and of the Christian converts
and 1t will hold the Chinese Government to the
strictest accountability for every treaty infrac
tion in thi* regard. It will do this, not only
tor th* benefit of its own citizens, but in the
interest of China herself, whose Government
it now eadly threatened by these lawless or-
Kanlzatione. At present, it is true, they seem
to have no capable leader, but should one arise
and the populace become really inflamed, the
overthrow of the pr^ent dynasty is most likely
to follow ar.d ;>o£s;bly the destruction of the
empire" etc.
Promises of Protection.
They replied that I did not understand the
many difficulties under which they labored, but
tljey had *ucoeed»>d in suppressing the Boxer*
in the province of Shantung tod would do so
here.
I told them I raw no effective measures what
rver being put forth. They replied that the
movement had not heretofore been looked upon
nr «eriou»: but thrraght now the throne was
aware of the gravity of the situation and that
a tetent consent ial decree had been sent to
the Viceroy, the Peking and neighboring offl
• ifcl*. which would surely prove effective, sup
press the Boxers and restore order.
I told them that the most alarming telegrams
were b»ins sent to the newspapers of Europe
*nd America of the existing state of anarchy
herc and tbat the people of the world would be
forced to believe that the Government of China
was either abetting these murderous brigand*
ct that It w-a« tw. wrak to suppress or cortrrl
them, and its good name and credit must suffer
Irretrievably 1n renffiiuenre. After reading me
the decree, which v>.«« much like those hereto
fore published, they arked If I would not wire
my Government* that they cculd and were sup
piepning the Hoxera.
I r»-plU»d that at present I would not: that I
had been for six month* t'legraphinic the issu
ance of ineffective decrees, but If they would
*how me the fact by actual and Immediate
repression, which they could if they would. In
thrt-e days. I would gladly and quickly wire it
to my Government.
They assured me that roffieient troops had
been bent to the disturbed districts to restore
order and to afford protection. ¦.- ¦¦•-
I strain told them that restored prder would
be the only *>osi<lb!e proof. I also said that
unless the situation was relieved and the
threatening danger from mobs averted I should
t>e compelled tc aslc for a sufficient number cf
American marine* to Insure the safety of the
lejrat^n.
Ttey Mid; "Oh, don't do that; U Is coneccs-
sary." And, again promising energetic action.
¦ the Interview closed.
Unless some energetic action is taken the
situation will become fraught with great dan
ger to all foreigners, not from any Intelligent
or organized attacks, but from ignorant and
inflamed mob violence. I. however, believe, as
I said in my telegram, that the Government is
aroused, itself alarmed at the situation, and
will take more energetic action; but no one
can be certain of this until it 1b done.
Since the United States sh'- Wheeling had
left already for Taku, I deemed it prudent to
ask the admiral for the presence of another
warship, and, responding to the request, Ad
miral Kempff with the Newark sailed hither
from Yokohama on the lsth lnst. and should
arrive soon.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient
Servant, , B. H. CONGER.
Secretary Hay Warned.
The lnclosures referred to by Mr. Con
ger follow, beginning with the cablegram
of the same date as his letter:
Telecram sent, cipher
PEKING. May 21, 1S00.— Secretary of State.
Washington: Boxers greatly increased In this
province and In and around Peking. Village
forty miles from Peking hurned. Sixty native
Catholics killed. No foreigners attacked. Chi
nese Government aroused and promises Imme
diate suppression. Diplomatic crops demanded
immediate effective measures. Newark en
route to Taku. I hope and believe the worst
has passed. CONGER.
(Inclosure No.' 1.)
The diplomatic body to the Tisung LI Yamen:
PEKING. May H. 1800.— The Prince and Min
isters: I have the honor to communicate to> Y.
H. and Y. E. the text of a resolution prepared
yesterday by the representatives of the foreign
ix>wen accredited to Peking.
The diplomatic body, relying upon the imper
ial decrees already published, which have or
dered the dissolution of the Boxers, demand:
1. The arrest of all persons practicing the
drills of that a**oolatlon, provoking disturb
ances upon the public highway, posting, print
ing or distributing placards which may contain
threats against foreigners.
2. The arrest of owners or guardians of tem
ples or other places where the Boxers assem
ble and the treatment of these accomplices and
criminal abettors as Boxtrs themselves.
3. The crjafctlsement of the public officials who
may render themselves culpable by neglecting
to suppress any disorder which they are charged
or whn may e-innlve with the rioters.
4. The execution of the authors of the out
rages (murders, incendiarism) against persons
or property.
5. The execution of persons who are support
ing and directing the Iioxcrs in the present
6 The publication In Peking;, in Chi LI and
the other northern provinces oi proclamations
fringing these measures to the knowledge of
the i*cple.
I am besides charged by the diplomatic corps
to inrorm V. H. and T. K. that It exjiects a
satisfactory reply to this demand without un
necessary delay..
Bishop Pav'.er to M. Fechon. French Minis
ter—Trans'.atlcn:*
Apottolic Vlcarate of Peking and North China,
PEKING. May 19. 11*00.
I improve the occasion to Telterate to T, H.
and T. E. the assurance of my hi«rhe«t consid
eration. • B. O. CGLOGAN,
Dean of the Diplomatic Corps.
(Enclosure No. 2)
Bishop IVvier's Warning.
Mr. Minister: From day to day the situation
becomes more serious and threatening. In the
prefecture of Pao Ting Fu more than seventy
Christians have been massacred: In Echao
Icheou only three days ago three neophytes nave
been cut to pieces. Many villages have been
pillaged and burned: a great many others have
been completely abandoned.
More than 2000 Christians are fleelnpr without
bread, without clothing, without .shelter. At
Peking alone about 100 refugees — men. women
and children— are already lodged at our house
and that of the Sifters; before eight days we
will rrobably have many thousands.
We will have to dismiss the echools and the
col)efce«, also use nil the hospitals to make
room for theee unfortunate people.
Upon the east of us pillage and incendiarism
are imminent. ' We are hourly receiving the
most alarming news. Peking: is surrounded on
all sides. The Boxers are dally comlnjr nearer
the capital, delayed only by the destruction
which they are makin? of Christians.
Believe, I pray you, Mr. Minister, that I am
well informed and say nothing llphtly.
For us here at the Pal tang the day is prac
tically ended. AH the city knows It; everybody
if) speaking of It and a popular outbreak is
manifest.
ALF FAVIER,
BUbop Apoetollc Vicar at Peking.
B. JARLIN. Bishop Coadjutor.
C GUIUXJIX. Vicar General.
OncloBure No. s.) ;.
JACKSON, July 8.— Dr. Kndlcott, local
health officer, with Dr. Luke of Sacra
mento, member of the State Board of
Health, assisted by local physicians, made
a thorough canvass of the town and vicin
ity to-day In the matter of the smallpox
epidemic. They report twenty-nine de
veloped cases with two or three others ap
parently in the process of incubation.
All cases are of a mild type, except two,
and with these It Is thought the crisis
has been passed. The officials are doing
all in their power to get the disease under
control. The extreme mildness of the dis
ease in the first cases misled many as to
the real character of the outbreak, result
ing in failure to take needed precautions,
until the existence o€ a severe case re
vealed the seriousness of the situation.
All the infected houses are strictly quar
antined and guarded by. day and night.
A trained nurse from San Francisco ar
rived this evening under engagement of
the Native Daughters to attend the worst
case, Mrs. Ida Peek, a member of the
order. A public meeting was held in the
Courthouse this afternoon when the
citizens unanimously resolved to uphold
the officials in adopting all lawful meas
ures to stamp out the pestilence. Reports
have been circulated that the entire town
would be quarantined but the officials
have no such intention. It is generally
believed the worst period of the epidemic
has been passed.
Of the Twenty-Nine Sufferers All but
Two Have the Disease in a Mild
Form and Its Spread
Is Not Feared.
Thorough Investigation Is
Made by the Health
Officers.
MANY CASES
OF SMALLPOX
IN JACKSON
LONDON, July 9.— Late news from
South Africa reports that the Boers In
effectually attacked General Buller's
escort between Stand,erton and Heidelberg
on Saturday, as he wus returning from a
visit to Lord Roberts.
The Boers attacked Ficksburg garrison
at midnight on Tuesday, but wore driven
off after forty-five minutes' fighting. Gen
eral Brabant on July 5 occupied Dernberg,
between Senekal and Winburg, which
served as a base for bands assailing con
voys. Colonel Maher of General Hutton's
mounted troops, on July 6 and 7 engaged
3000 Boers east of Broukers Spruit and
drove them off. The British casualties
numbered thirty-three. «
Commandant Limmer tried to recapture
Reutenburg on July 5. but was driven
back.
Thirty-four of Strathcona's Horse under
Lieutenant Anderson were attacked by
200 Boers east of Standerton on July 6. The
British soon took possession of a kopje,
upon which they • successfully withstood
the attacks of the enemy.
The Times' Lourenzo Marques cor
respondent says, under date of July 7:
"A general movement of Boer settlers
Into Gabaland, Portuguese territory,
seems to be in contemplation. Already
large herds have been driven across the
border. The Portuguese welcome the
movement."-
General Brabant Occupies Dernberg,
Which Eas Served as a Base
for Bands Assailing
Convoys.
His Escort Attacked While
Returning From a Visit
to Roberts.
ATTEMPT OF
BOERS TO TAKE
GEN. BULLER
Boys' Brigade in Camp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GUERNEVILLE. July 8.-The town has
been aroused by a detachment of fifty
members of the Boys' Brigade on their
annual camping trip. They come from
San Francisco and Alameda churches and
their lively band of fifteen pieces makes
the surrounding country ring with music
They are camping near the "River Bank
camp" on Russian River and propose to
conduct their camp on military lines, with
sham battles and the like for amusement.
Captains Barber and Worley are in com
mand of the expedition.
Stevenson Goes to Lincoln.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. July 8.— In
. obedience to a telegraphic request from
Mr. Bryan, Hon. Adlal E. Stevenson left
here to-night over the Omaha road for
Lincoln. Nebr. When seen at the depot
just before his departure Mr. Stevenson
would say little except that he was to at
tend a conference at Lincoln regarding
the plan of campaign.
ARRESTED IN ST. LOUIS.
Percy Young Held on a Telegram
From This City.
* ST. LOUIS. July 8.— Percy Young, who
claims to be a follower of the turf, was
arrested to-night at the Terminal Hotel,
at Union station, on a telegram from the
Chief of Police of San Francisco. The tel
egram simply stated that he was wanted
there on the charpe of felony. Youni
who arrived from Chicago with his wife
on Saturday, says that he is not guilty of
any crime and asked to be sent immediate
ly to San Francisco, to which point he had
tickets for himself and his wife, and add
ed that he had intended to proceed to the
coast had he not been arrested.
ernor of New York. He was appointed
Commissioner upon the recommendation
of the leading Federal and State Judges,
and his political Indorsers included Sen
ator Platt and the Republican State Com
mittee, the Republican Congressional del
egation. ex-Secretary Cornelius N. Bliss.
Secretary Root. ex-Senator Hiscock. ex-
Senator Warner Miller. ex-Secretary Tra
cy, J. J. Belden and others. He has lived
in Syracuse for the past twenty years.
PRESIDENT SPENDS A
QUIET DAY IN CANTON
CANTON, O.. July 8.— President McKIn
ley began the day with a short drive. He
put Mrs. McKinley and Mrs. Julius Whit
ing Sr.. an old friend of the family, on the
rear seat of the surrey and took his own
place beside the coachman for a turn
about the city. Just as the bells were
summoning: worshipers to church, th©
President's carriage stopped at the First
Methodist Church. The President entered
the church and the women continued their
drive. At the conclusion of the service,
the President walked to his home. halt-
Ing several times to shake hands with
those who wanted to.
Another drive was taken toward even
ing, and then the President. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley, Secretary Cortelyou and Dr.
Rixey went to the home of Judge Day for
dinner and to spend the evening. It was
a quiet and restful day. such as the Pres
ident likes his Sundays to be, and was
marked by comparatively few calls, al
though some strangers in the - city craved
the honor of shaking the President'*
hand.
Democrats Hopeful That, Should He
Fail to Withdraw, Fusion Will
Be Accomplished.
LINCOLN, Nebr., July 8.— No formal
announcement will be made by Charles
A. Towne of his decision In regard to the
Populist nomination for the Vice Presi
dency until the Populist committee gives
him formal notification of the nomination.
This will be in about ten days. Mr.
Towne said to-day that he would make
public his decision at that time, and
would Issue an address giving his reasons
for the action he takes. What that ac
tion would be he refused to say.
"But my course is perfectly clear now,"
Mr. Towne added. "I have already
talked the matter over with sev
eral of the Populist leaders. The
&ubject will also probably come up,
though in an informal way, at to-mor
row's meeting of the advisory committee."
Senator J. K. Jones, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, arrived
here from Kansas City this evening and
later held an extended conference with
Mr. Bryan, Charles A. Towne and George
Fred Williams. In talking about the Vice
Presidential situation Senator Jones said
he hoped and believed that in case Mr.
Towne withdrew his name as a Populist
candidate for the Vice Presidency the
national committee of that party would
indorse the Democratic ticket.
"We are all independent," said Senator
Jones, "and like to carry to a successful
conclusion our plans. But this year
every one who Is not with the Republican
party should be against them, and I can
not help thinking that every man who is
in earnest in his desire for the success of
W. J. Bryan should unite with us. Of
course, If Mr. Towne does not withdraw
fusion on the electoral tickets of the vari
ous States should and probably will be
.arranged."
Senator Jones will leave for Chicago to
morrow night.
During to-morrow's conference, at
which Senator Jones, Senator Heltfeld, J.
R. Sovereign. Senator Allen and Chairman
Edmlston of the Populist National Com
mittee are expected to be present, the
Vice Presidential complication will be
considered In all its phases. At this meet
ing It Is also expected that plans for con
centrated effort In State and Congres
sional campaigns, which was practically
agreed upon at the meeting of the con
ference* committee of the Democratic
Silver Republican and Populist parties in
Kansas City, will be completed. Should
Mr. Towne decide to withdraw his name
from the Populist ticket this would leave
the way clear for uniting the three parties
in the support of the Democratic national
tlcKet. A strong effort will be made to
brine about this result through the Podu
list National Committee. Populist Na
tional'Committeemen are. It Is understood
far from being unanimous In their opin
ions as to the wisest course to pursue In
case Mr. Towne decides to withdraw, but
those of the Populist conferees who are
already in the city expressed their belief
to-day that an understanding, involving
the working in harmony of the three
parties In the coming Presidential cam
paign, would be reached before the ad
journment of the conference
M u-vf 0W 2 e speri 5 , nearl .y the entire day
with Mr. Bryan, taking-dinner with him
and later. In a party which Included ex-
Congressman Hart man of Montana and
George Fred Williams of Massachusetts,
driving out to Mr. Bryan's farm.
TOWNE AWAITS FORMAL
ACTION BY POPULISTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 8.—
Seventy warships are under construction,
or have their designs In preparation, for
the United States navy. This formidable
fleet Is described in a statement just is
sued by Rear Admiral Hichborn, chief
constructor. The statement gives the
flames of twelve battleships, six armored
cruisers, nine protected cruisers, four
monitors', one gunboat, sixteen torpedo
boat destroyers, fifteen torpedo boats and
seven submarine torpedo boats under con
struction or for which designs are being
prepared.
Four of the battleships— the Kentucky,
Illinois, Alabama and Wisconsin— are of
seventeen knots speed and will be com
pleted within a year; three— the Maine,
Missouri and Ohio— are of eighteen knots,
and five of nineteen knots have their de
signs in preparation. Six armored cruisers
are all of twenty-two knots. Six of the
protected cruisers are of seventeen knots
and three of twenty-two knots. Four
monitors are of twelve knots speed.
The construction of a gunboat for the
great lakes, authorized in 1898, Is suspend
ed pending ah arrangement with Great
Britain as to the armament each nation
shall maintain in those waters.
The torpedo beat destroyers are of twen
ty-nine and thirty knots, and the torpedo
boats of twenty-six, twenty-eight and
thirty knots. The submarine boat
Plunger is under construction at
Richmond, Va., and arrangements are be
ing made for contracting for six addi
tional submarine boats of the Holland
type. Including the Texas, the battleship
fleet of the United States will consist of
•eighteen vessels, and an armored cruiser
squadron, counting the New York and
Brooklyn, of eight vessels.
"We are getting a respectable navy
now." Is the comment Of Rear Admiral
Hlchborn.
The Machias, which has been watching
United States interests on the Isthmus of
Panama and at Colombian ports for the
last seven months, sailed to-day from San
Juan for Hampton Roads.
Four New Battleships — the Kentucky,
Illinois, Alabama and Wiscon-
Bin— -Will Be Ready for
Service Soon.
Seventy Vessels Will Soon
Be Added to the Fight
ing Force.
INCREASE IN
THE STRENGTH
OF THE NAVY
GREAT INTERNATIONAL
ARMY IS MOBILIZING
Continued from Second Page.
afire by these miscreants and every one
of the crew was butchered.
"The next night we were ready for the
red devils from the 'Land of Fire.' The
chief engineer had all the metal staunch
eons and every piece of iron that the na
tives could touch if they attempted to
come aboard connected with the dynamo,
and the current was kept going all night
long. One native touched a live wire, but
all we know about the matter was the
shriek of agony that came up out of the
darkness. For four days and nights we
were on the rack.« During the day the
natives would come alongside and want
to trade, but we kept them off. At night
they hovered around us like silent spec
ters, and on many an occasion there was
fire was turned in. There was a small
blaze aft, which we poon put out. but
after that there was no sleep at nights
for any one. The Terra del Fuegans keep
a fire in their canoes all the year round
and when the father dies or fs Incapaci
tated the son takes up the Job of keeping
the, flame alight. At night they steal up
alongside of a ship and lighting a torch
at the fire they silently throw it through
a porthole. Should the vessel catch fire
they make an attack while all hands are
engaged in fighting the flames, and If the
fire has gained any headway the end
comes sooner or later. The sailors are
either slaughtered while escaping in the
boats or are murdered aboard the vessel.
A year ago a Chilean gunboat was set
on more than one occasion. During the
last hurricane, two steers and their pens,
w-hich had been presented to the ship by
Chllenos at Punta Arenas, were washed
overboard, and that ended the supply of
fresh meat. •
When the western end of the straits
was reached instead of standing out to
sea Captain O'Brien turned into Smyth
Channel. The Terra del Fuegans now
began to make trouble.
Fuegans Make Trouble.
"There was trouble enough aboard, God
knows," said Purser Hume yesterday,
"but these natives kept our hearts in our
mouths all the time. The second night
we were in Smyth Channel the alarm of
INCIDENTS OF THE DOLPHIN'S VOYAGE,
'he picture of the vessel is from a photograph taken during the Columbia-Shamrock yacht races.
among the crew. Soon after getting un
der way three stowaways were found In
the steward's department. It was then
blowing a gale and the captain could not
put back to land them. It would have
been better for all hands had he done so.
The next day one of the men who had
been shipped at Saint Lucia recognized
the men. One he said was a notorious
bandit. Another was an escaped mur
derer and the third was a lunatic. Cap
tain O'Brien's informant had been a po
liceman In the Barbadoes and he said
there was a hue and cry all over the West
Indies after these men.
Chief Steward Edward Palmer, rein
forced by these desperadoes, now began
to show himself. The third day out he
got into a squabble with a fireman named
McAllister and nearly killed him with a
heavy chair. Palmer is a burly negro,
and had not the engineers driven trim
back at the point of their pistols he
would have assuredly" killed the fireman.
As It was six stitches had to be taken In
the fireman's scalp and he was laid up for
the remainder of the voyage. From that I
time on there was nothing but trouble
aboard, and several times the blacks
arose and attempted to overpower the
whites.
A Dozen in Irons.
When the Dolphin arrived at Montevi
deo there were a dozen Saint Lucians !n
irone, while the chief steward had been
disrated, and was under surveillance. Cap
tain O'Brien appealed to the United
States Consul at Montevideo for assist
ance. He wanted to leave his mutinous
men ashore, but the Consul would not
have It that way and said he must take
the men to the first American port, which
meant, to all Intents and purposes, the
ship's destination.
Soon after leaving Montevideo the Dol
phin ran Into a pampero and everything
movable on deck was washed away. On
reaching Punta Arenas, at the entrance
to the Straits of Magellan, they found
that the town had nearly been wiped out
of existence by the Patagonians. The
natives had made a descent upon . the
place, killed fourteen of the Chilano sol
diers and set fire to the buildings. A del
egation came out from the post, and after
telling their woes to Captain O'Brien
afked for some firearms and powder. The
captain presented them with a three-Inch
gun and a quantity of ammunition. In
return the Chllanos sent two boatloads
of fruit, vegetables and fresh meat.
The passage through the straits was at
tended with many risks, and twice the
ship was swept from stem to stern. The
wllliwas came down from the mountains
and almost carrietS the ship to destruction
after dark. "When we went ashore Consul
Downs advised us to go armed and keep
a close lookout. He said that three days
before he had been attacked and had to
kill the would-be assassin in self-defense.
Fell Among Cutthroats.
"To explain what fonows I have to go
back to New York. George G. Carroll,
the second assistant engineer, is the own
er of a fine revolver, which he had loaned
to a friend. It was returned to him on
sailing day. loaded and all ready for use
apparently. When wo went ashore Car
roll put this gun In his hip pocket ami I
did the same with mine. On our way
back to the ship I was a little in advance
and hurrying. Suddenly something
dropped beside Carroll,' and when ha
looked over h!s shoulder he saw a dozen
leprous looking natives coming toward
him. while In the wooden sidewalk at h!3
feet quivered a long knife with a short
yellow handle. Carroll at once drew hi3
gun and threatened the crowd with it.
They fell back a few paces and he started
on his way to the boat again. The na
tives then started for him on the run and
Carroll attempted to fire his pistol into
the mob. Five times he snapped the trig
ger and five times the gun refused to go
off. With a cry of 'mucho malo 1 the na
tives made for Carroll with their knives
drawn.
"Luckily a few seconds before I had
made a remark to Carroll, and getting no
answer had turned around to see what
was the matter. Seeing the peril my
comrade was in. I at once ran to his as
sistance and fired two shots into the
crowd. Two men fell and that stopped
their advance. While they were con
sulting we turned and ran and the natives
followed. At the next corner I fired an
other shot into them and Carroll snapped
his useless gun five times more. To make
a long story short, we got aboard in safe
ty, and not a man ventured ashore again
while the vessel was in port. An Investi
gation of Carroll's pistol showed that his
friend had broken tne pin off the ham
mer and the gun, was as useless as a pieca
of scrap iron.
"From Coronel to San Francisco the ne
groes', being without their leaders, have
behaved themselves, but there is not a.
man among the whites aboard the Dol
phin who would repeat that trip for a
fortune."
Saturday night Walter King, the third
assistant engineer. . had his feet badly
scalded by an overflow from the feed box.
Captain John A. O'Brien of the Dolphin
la well known on the coa.*t. He was for
merly master of the whaleback C. A.
Wetmore and luter was on the Rosalie,
taking that vessel from San Francisco to
Puget Sound. •
a cry of fire and a rush to put out a
lighted brand that had come aboard from
the darkness.
Negroes Ran Amuck.
"An hour before we left Smyth Channel
the natives came alongside and one of the
men bought a small pig for four empty
tomato tins and a jackknife. He got the
porker aboard all right, but as he was
leading it forward to the slaughter it got
away, a pig hunt followed, but after
knocking every table in the dining saloon
down and mixing up every man on the
ship the porker made his escape through
a side port and was picked up by the
waiting Terra del Fuegans. The man who
made the purchase swears the animal
was trained. He never saw his pig or hi3
tomato cans again.
''We arrived at Coronel on June 14 and
then the trouble aboard broke out into
an open rupture. It rained all that day
and no coaling cpuld be done. The fire
men and coal passers seized the oppor
tunity to set drunk and the negro cooks
and waiters followed suit. When the two
met on the main deck there was a clash
and the negroes got the worst of it. They
soon turned the tables, however. They
seized the fire axes and dared the whites
to come on. Led by the chief steward
the Saint Lucians drove the firemen and
coal passers into the riggrlnp. The negroes
then began cutting the ship's decks and
standing rigging, so Captain O'Brien sent
ashore in a hurry for assistance.
United States Consul J. Henry Downs
appealed to the authorities and they sent
a train ten miles into the interior for a
detachment of troops. The troops arrived
a few hours later and were sent aboard
the Dolphin, where they had a hard time
of it subduing the mutineers. Chief
Steward Palmer and five more of the
ringleaders were taken ashore and locked
up In the calaboose. Among the ring
leaders -were the bandit, the raurderer
and the supposed crazy man. They were
tried on June 17 and each of them was
given three months in the mines, which
is equal to three years penal servitude in
the United States. Had the ringleaders
been sent back aboard by the authorities
not an officer would have gone out on
her, as the Saint Lucians had evidently
made all their plans to capture the vessel
and murder the whites.
"While in port some of us determined
to take a run ashore. Such a place I have
never seen in my life. One-half of the
people are lepers and the other half are
murderers and cutthroats. They kill for
the sake of killing, and a man with a
decent suit on has not a ghost of a show
for his life if he appears on the streets
MUTJJJ Y, war, attempted mur
der, attacks by savages, es
capes from shipwreck, three
escaped convicts as stowaways and
numerous accidents mark the trip of
the steamer Dolphin from New York
to San Francisco as -one of the most
remarkable made in many years from
the east to the west coast of America.
At one time half the crew ¦was in Irons
and at another many of the firemen and
coal passers had to take refuge in the
ripping while the negro cooks and stew
ards stood below with fire axes ready to
cut away the standing: rigging and allow
the rn&sts to go by the board and drown
the whites. The military authorities at
Coronel quelled that disturbance and Fix
of the ringleaders are now serving time
In the Coronel caJaboose, one of the vilest
prisons on the face of the earth. After
getting rid of the ringleaders there was
very little trouble on the ship.
The I>olphln wa* formerly the steamer
Ai Foster, and for years she has been con
sidered one of the fastest excursion boats
in New York harbor. She was purchased
by the owners of the Rosalie for the
BeatUe-Ska^u&y trade, and Captain John
A. O'Eriun and Purser L. F. Hume were
sent East to bring the vessel to the coast.
The Dolphin Is not built for ocean travel.
6o she had to be strengthened through
out before the inspectors of hulls and
boilers would let her leave port. Then
Captain O'Brien had considerable diffi
culty in securing a crew for the long voy
ape and in order to make up his comple
ment had to ship men he would never
have taken in any other circumstances.
Some of the men did not show up on sail
ing day and thrtr places ¦were Taken by
San Lucian negroes. Then the trouble
began.
cm May 1 the Dolphin sailed from New
York for San Francisco. Off Cape Hat
ttras a violent storm was passed through,
v.hich, tested the weatherly qualities of
the chip to the utmost and satisfied the
crew hat she could live In any kind of
•weather. The forecastle, however, proved
to be almost uninhabitable, owing to the
quantity of water that found its way be
1 >w through the ventilators. So Captain
O'Brien brought all the forward hands
on the upper deck and gave them state
rooms to live in. This act of humanity
afterward almost proved the undoing- of
nil the white men on board.
After a run of nine days Saint Lucia.
in the West Indies was reached and the
vessel was coaled. On May 11 a start for
Montevideo was made, and up to that
time not a sign of trouble had developed
Convict Stowaways
... • From West Indies
Led the Crew to Rise
Against the Vessel
and Attempt Murder.
Blacks Fought Fiercely
With Whites and
With Heavy Fireaxes
Drove Them Pellmell
Into the Top Rigging.
RIOT, MUTINY AND ATTACKS BY SAVAGES
MARKED THE VOYAGE OF THE DOLPHIN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY I), 1900.
6
DIED.' A meeting of the Catholic Truth Bo
ciety will be held at St- Mary's Cathedral
next Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
Some Important business will be trans
acted, and the officers of the society wish
k large attendance at the meeting.
Catholic Truth. Society.
The Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., deliv
ered a stirring sermon at the Howard
street Methodist Episcopal Church yes
terday morning. "O woman, great is thy
faith; be It unto thee as thou wilt" was
the text used.
"The story of- the woman who came to
V
Race Prejudice a Sin.
Mrs. Boylance Improving.
• u - f - i-< j '»n Kiyiance. who was shot by
M Moody, the jockey, in front of the Wln
ihester Hcuse. Wednesday morning, was
J moved from the Receiving Hospital to
\ e home of her mother. 423 Eddy street
yesterday morning. She Is slowly im
proving under the care of Dr. Martin, the
hnmeopathlst. Moody will probably be
taken from the hospital to the City
Prison to-day and booked on a charge of.
assault to murder.
Demands on Police * Pension Fund.
Registered demands on the police relief
and pension fund will be paid at'the city
treasury to-day. Treasurer Brooks kept
the clerks in the office at work up to
midnight- Saturday making the appor
tionments, so that the demands against
this fund should not be kept waiting a day
longer than necessary. The general fund
is exhausted and demands on that can
not be paid until some decision is reached
regarding the St. Mary's Park appropria
tion.
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco Handball Court
yesterday afternoon the following matches
were played: ' :.' \
M. Kirby and E. Barry beat D. Regan and
P. Falo. H-13 .21-20 .15-21; V. McKlnnon and
M McDonald beat H. Ftacoullet and M Mc-
Neil. 21-19. 21-10 21-7; J. McXamara and W.
OummlrKB brat J. Bolster nnd S. Garvey 21-9
12-18, 21-16: E. McDonouRh and J. n. Bock
man beat E. Lynch and D. J. Sheehan. 21-20,
11-21. 21-17; W. Williams and M. Dillon beat
p. Hutchinson and P. Kelly.- 21-9. 21-13. 21-14-
W. Cope and J. Gallagher beat H. MrLau K hlln
and J. Power*. 21-16 19-21^ 21-1J; W. Fisher and
W H. Fieberst beat P. Ryan and G. B. Hav
ward. 21-16. 18-21 21-15: K. . White and ; W.
Johnson beat R. Regll and T. Serrea. 21-12.
21-17 1S-21: J. Collins and J. White beat M J
Kilpallon and J. Harlow. 6-21, 21-is. 21-12. 12-2L
21-20.
The State and county officers of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians met yester
day afternoon at Mission Dolores Hall
and organized a new branch of the order,
to be known as Division Xo. 20, with a
tncmber^hip of \«). After addresses had
htt-n delivered by Rev. Fathers Brannan
and fonway. State President Frank Conk
!in. County President J. J. Donohoe and
P. J. KeUeber th»- following named of
licers T.ere elected: President. J. P.
Heearty; vice president. J. McDonnell:
recoroinfe secretary, William O'Shaug
nessy: financial secretary, M. A. McEvoy
treasurer, P. Molloney.
Hibernians Organize.
Rev. William Hader Delivers a Dis
course on the "Puzzle of
Prayer."
"The Puzzle of Prayer" was the topic
of the sermon of Rev. William Rader at
the Third Congregational Church yester
day morning.
1 "Men pray more out of necessity," he
said "It Is not their duty or conscience
that makes them pray. When General
Grant was on his deathbed General How
ard came and saw him. ''Can't you tell
me about prayer?' was Grant's request.
The prayer of man does not determine the
mind of God. The divine creator does that
which in his great power he thinks best
for us. Take the Boer and English sol
diers They both prayed to God to bring
them victory. They both sincerely thought
that they were In the right. We must
leave it to God. and he will answer our
prayer in the way he thinks fit."
BOERS AND ENGLISH
PRAYED FOR VICTORY
An immense crowd of merrymakers at
tended the Riggers and Stevedores' Union
Association picnic, which was held at
Shell Mound Park yesterday.' It was the
forty-seventh reunion of the kind, and the
attendance was large. There was no end
of amusement for the crowd. In addition
to the dancing, which was the chief ..t
traction, there was a fine racing pro
gramme prepared for the young and old,
and the fat and the lean of both sexes.
There were .115 gate prizes distributed.
Alexander Campbell was president and
Thomas Benson .treasurer of the general
committee. The sub-committees were
made up as follows:
Arrangements — P. Colman, D. Keane, Thomas
Keegan; reoeptlon— T. Hlnes, Charles Bullard
P. Juzlx, William Brown, P. Denn; floor—Wil
liam HcCracken (manager), Andrew Erlckson
(assistant), Charles Battrusch, J. Brenjord, J.
CrouBe and Bernard Johnson.
Plenty of Fun Furnished.
The effect of the Fourth has riot yet
worn away, and in ' consequence the
crowds that gathered at the park, beach,
Cliff House. Chutes and baths yesterday
•were small. No accidents or incidents
worthy of mention occurred. The Wil
sons still -remain at the Chutes, and are
the attraction. The usual aquatic pro
gramme entertained the crowd at Sutro
baths. Following were the results: 50-yard
dash, juvenile— C. Sunberg won, C. Au
gustus second; special under-water swim
ming race— F. Owens won, S. Carter sec
ond: diving for plate — F. Gruenman won.
H. Seebach second. A. Sumner third; high
diving, for boys— H. Ryan first prize, H.
Duke second prize; trick and fancy
springboard diving— H. Duke won, B
Riddle second.
Small Crowds at the Resorts.
Democratic party, and did much to win
popularity for the new organization.
Leading men among these were Gideon
Welles of Connecticut, Cameron, Hamiln.
Trumbull. Montgomery Blair and Wil
liam C. Bryant. Only earnestness of con
viction and true devotion to principle
could have united in one effective organ
ization elements so diverse.
The platform of. the Philadelphia con
vention declared th# party opposed to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, tr>
slavery extension and to the rejection of
the appeal of Kansas for admission as a
free State:, while it favored Internal im
provements. Ignored the tariff and called
upon Congress to exercise Its sovereign,
power over national territory by prohib
iting In the Territories "those twin relics
of barbarism, polygamy and slavery."
John C. Fremont and William L. Dayton
were nominated, and the party cry for the
campaign was. "Free soil, free speech,
free men and Fremont'".
JESSE JUACY.
Iowa College.
HUMBLE DEEDS
MAY RESULT IN
GREAT GOOD
Father MacCorry Preaches
a Stirring Sermon at
St. Mary's.
"The Power of Lltjle Things" was the
.subject of the Rev. Father MacCorry's
sermon at St. Mary's Church last evening.
The reverend father opened his discourse
with a short description of Moses' wonder
ful miracles with the rod. He drew his
listeners' attention to the fact that great
deeds can be- accomplished by small en
deavors. "People with small talents have
done some of the greatest things of the
day," he said. Father MacCorry paid a
glowing tribute to the late evangelist.
Moody.
"This man made a vow," -he said. "He
determined that he would speak to at least
one man a day on the subject of salva
tion. After making that vow he lived long
enough to speak to 18^30 people individu
ally, and we cannot imagine how many
hearts he touched In this way. I was
holding a mission recently In the country
and a lady attended one of the services.
I met 'her and asked her if she was a
Sunday-school teacher. She replied in the
affirmative, and told me" that she had a
class of five small boys. She said that she
thought that they were young urchins or
she would not have postponed school that
day. She wanted to hear the mission.
How foolish she acted. That afternoon
she might have spoken something that
would have appealed to the hearts of
those five young urchins. They might
have grown .up devout men and they
might have gone into the world and saved
hundreds of lives from sin. Look at a
small acorn. It Is insignificant, but if it
Is -planted In good ground It will make a
large oak tree."
The Rev. Father Hannlgan preached the
sermon at the vesper service at St. Mary's
Cathedral. He said in part:
"The world has to a certain extent come
under the influence of Christianity. Tet a
great many men only profess the Christian
faith with their lips.- They Confine them
selves to one or more virtues. They think
that If a man does his duty to the world
that is enough. There is no appre
hension on his part, no sense of self-con
demnation. Such, my friends, Is the re
ligion of the man of the world to-day. It
is beautiful on the surface, but is not good
in the sight of God. "We may not all sin
in the same degree. The Pharisees lived
on the surface; they lived up to the letter
of the law; they were acceptable to them
selves, so they thought they were accept
able In the sight of God. The Christian
should know that there Is only one way
to happiness. He should know that there
Is one to whom he owes everything." Such
Is the basis of true religion."
"We should all obey God's command to
love our enemies." said the Rev. Father
Sasia at the evening vesper service at St.
Ignatius Church. "From the day that the
angels sang 'Glory to God In the highest
and on earth peace and good will toward
men' till the present day that has been
one of the laws that all Chrustians should
act up to. This is a commandment of sin
cere love. Do not carry any revengeful
thoughts or wish your neighbor injuries.
God is the avenger of your wrongs and
will act for you. He commands that we
banish all unkind thoughts from our
minds. Again, In another part of the holy
book he says, 'Revenge Is mine; I will re
venge.' "
Jennie Hume was arrested yesterday on
complaint of Foerster Gaggi and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of grand
larceny. They occupy adjoining rooms
In a lodging house at 307 Fourth street
and Gaggi accuses Jennie of going Into
his room and Rtealing $25 from his troup
ers' pocket. She indignantly denies' tn«
accusation.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
malned of the Louisiana purchase— a
vast tract stretching from the Indian Ter
ritory to Oregon. That bill, drawn in
the ordinary form, said nothing about
slavery. The Missouri compromise was un
derstood to have made free sol. forever of
all that region. Pro-slavery members nat
urally opposed the bill and were able to
prevent its passage through the upper
! house. When the same bill came up in the
next Congress it was referred by the Sen
ate to the Committee on Territories, of
which Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois was
chairman. His report, made in January.
1854 was a startling one.- It opened anew
the great dispute and gave a new and un
foreseen turn to the old contest
This report presented the original bill
with amendments which Incorporated a
new and far-reaching discovery of the
brilliant Senator. The compromises of
1S50, by which the Territories of Utah and
New Mexico were admitted to organiza
i tion left the question of slavery to be de
i cided by the people of those .Territories.
I That action was now declared by Senator
Douglas to be the adoption of a principle
universal In its application to the Terri
tories of the United States. "Henceforth,
said he, "all questions pertaining to slav
ery in the Territories and in the new
States to be formed therefrom are to be
left to the people residing therein." Thus
i an act of Congress, passed for a specific
• purpose, was pronounced a great consti
tutional rule applicable to the whole coun
try and restricting the action of all sub
seauent Congresses. This novel interpre
tation of the legislation of 1850 wholly re
moved the subject of slavery from Con
gressional control and placed It with the
settlers of the Territories. It established,
as its author set forth Ih his powerful
final speech upon the bill, the just and
logical principle of true democracy, "popu
lar sovereignty," and the non-interference
of Congress with the institution of slav
erv The Missouri compromise was prac
tically annulled and slavery in the Terri
tories of the Louisiana purchase became
once more an open question. Dlxon of
¦ Kentucky moved an amendment definitely
repealing that part of the Missouri com
promise relating to slavery, and this Dou
glas incorporated into a new draft of hl3
bill, and in Its final form the bill divided
the Nebraska tract into the two Terri
tories Kansas and Nebraska, declared the
fugitive slave law to apply to both, and the
Missouri compromise, so far as it con
cerned slavery, to be inoperative and void
as Inconsistent with the principle of non
intervention by Congress with slavery In
the States and Territories, as recognized
by the legislation of 1S50. - ¦ ;.
The Northern press was quick to see the
bearing of the commlttee f s report. "Slav
ery takes the field." the newspapers an
nounced to their anxious readers. Severe
reflections were cast upon the motives of
the author of the movement. The Demo
cratic party had no abler member than
the "Little Giant" from Illinois. It was
plain that this voluntary bringing forward
of the apple of discord was the result of
deliberate and careful purpose, and that
the support of the, administration must be
assured. Douglas aspired to lead his
1 party as Clay had lead the Whigs, and
he certainly sought its Presidential nomi
nation for 1S56. To that end he must have
the support of the South, with Its 120
electoral votes. Of the "West, his own sec
i tion. he felt secure. The Cast was bis
Isaacs and another young man named
Hermann went to the lodging house about
3 o'clock in the morning. They were
shown into Mrs. Riley's room and while
Ehe was absent for a few minutes, it is
alleged, they stole her purse containing
between 195 and $100 from a pocket In
her jacket, which was hanging in a closet
in the room.
Mrp. Riley missed the purse and sent
for Policeman Kraber. I5y the time the
officer arrived Hermann had disappeared.
When Isaacs was searched at the City
Prison no money was found in his pos
s'F.sir.n. He denied knowing anything
about the stolen purse. The police are
searching for Hermann.
W. C. Isaacs, a waiter, was arrested at
an early hour yesterday morning by
Policeman Fraber and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny. The
complaining witness Is Mrs. J. H. Riley,
proprietress. of a lodging house at 6 Turk
street-
ACCUSED OF STEALING
A LANDLADY'S PURSE
Society Enjoys an Outing at Sunset
Park in the Santa Cruz
. Mountains.
The "Old Friends" may be old In point
of friendship, but that's the only antique
thing about them, as any one who at
tended their picnic at Sunset Park yester
day will agree. From 8 o'clock in the
morning, when they Bet out, till when,
twelve hour later, they landed at the
ferry on their return trip, the day was
filled with pleasure. An immense crowd
took. advantage of the day and journeyed
up to the Santa Cruz Mountains. Swings
and roundabouts worked overtime, and
the man behind the lemonade bar had to
be revived at intervals bo hard worked
was he.
In the pavilion couples whirled in
waltzes or hopped the light fantastic In
polkas and schottisches. Al Doherty made
the rag babies In the bowling alley look
like 30 cents without the 3. Secretary J.
E. Slinkey was purloined by "the girls"
early in the game and was only to be
viewed at intervals. Edward \V. Close,
the man with the badge, acted as referee
on the floor. Never have the "Old
Friends" had a more enjoyable outing.
The committee responsible for the Jolly
day consisted of Al Doherty, A. S. Page,
Dr. F. F. Lord, James Lestrange, Frank
Williams, Melville Hermann and J. E.
Slinkey.
OLD FRIENDS PICNIC IN
SHADE OF REDWOODS
The enormous grape crop of Livermore
Valley, one of the chief vineyard centers
of California, has been saved from de
s-truciion. The Livermore Herald, after
a careful survey of the situation, has the
following report of the conditions:
"Early in the spring the vineyardists
of Livermore Valley were a discouraged
and disheartened lot of men. A succes
sion of dry seasons had affected the vines
seriously and a severe frost at a critical
stage left most of them without the hope
of a. crop and very dubious as to the
future ot their vineyards. Fortune smiled
upon them finally and showed her favor
in a peculiar way. •
"Early in May a shower of rain which
almost equaled a cloudburst in intensity
broke suddenly over that portion of the
valley where most of the vineyards are
located and in half an hour's time fully
an inch cf rain fell. A more opportune
ehower never descended. The languishing
vines revived and sent out new growth
and new- blossoms, and the growers whose
first crop was blighted by Jack Frost will
cet a very fair second crop, and they have
a cood show of wood for next year. This
is more marked in some vineyards than
others and while the crop will not be up
to the' average the situation generally is
far better than the most sanguine grower
had any hope for.
"The most remarkable case Is that of
Mont Rouge Vineyard, which the frost
had devasted to such an extent that no
crop was expected by Mr. Bon and he
even had fears that some of his vines
would not Burvlve the fteason. No vine
yard in the valley presents a more thrifty
appearance now than Mont Rouge and
Mr Bon informs us that he will have a
far better crop than that of last year."
Oakland Office Sari Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 8.
Livermore Vineyards, Badly
Bitten, Are Revived by
a Cloudburst.
GRAPE CROP
IS SAVED FROM
FROST BLIGHT
Jesus," the pastor said, "and to him told
her sad story, is a narrative well known
to nearly all of us. The woman's daugh
ter was ill, and she, with her maternal
love, was anxious for our Savior to heal
her. There are several lessons to learn
from this story. First, to make no Issue
on unimportant things. Jesus did not
stop to reason with her and explain that
her daughter had insanity and not the
devil. It was a day when demonology en
tered Into everyhing. All diseases were
supposed to be the work of the devil.
Jesus took the case, and wasted no time
on unimportant things. It was a cure,
not a diagnosis.
"Secondly, faith is the great agency of
human uplifting. Faith that cannot stand
testing is not worth having. True faith
Is the principle of life and action. Again,
another lesson to be learned is that Jesus
ignored race prejudice. How dreadful is
that narrow-minded idea! Tou cannot
blame anybody for what they cannot
help."
In the evening a special service wag
held for the members of the Order of
United Moderns. Dr. Wilson delivered
the address, and a special musical pro
gramme was arranged for the occasion.
Alfred Hubert, who kept such a watch
ful eye on the property under his charge
and stood up so bravely for his employer's
interests, was released from prison yes
terday morning on $1000 bonds, his sure
ties being D. "W. Tietjen, his employer,
and H. W. Wreden of the Washington
Brewery.
surprised at the manner of his death. He
has always been in trouble with the po
lice. He is about 30 years old and was
born here in San Francisco. He was often
called 'Som'ting,' because when asked
once what he had in a bag he used that
word in replying."
The dead burglar had two sisters and a
brother residing in San Francisco, and
his father is a ranch hand in Santa Clara
County. They were unable to give any
details about his actions of late, as he
very seldom went near any of them.
The tournament for the championship
of Monterey County will be held the latter
part of the month at Del Monte. A. W.
Jones Jr. of Salinas is now the champion
of that section..
Mavhew and McLean beat Keuhn and
Dreyfus, 7 — 5, 7—5, and also Delano and
Dreyfus, 6—2, 6—2. Frank King beat D.
Peafles. 6—3, 7—5, 6—3. Grant Smith beat
J A. Code. 9—7, 6 — J. Al Rosenberg beat
M. Johnson, 3—6. 6—3, 6—3, and Worthlng
tnn. 6—2, 6—4. 6—3.
A majority of the lady players desire
that the championship eingles be held in
San Rafael the third week in Alugust, in
stead of the 9th of September at Del
Monte. They claim that if held in San
Rafael there will be at least sixteen en
tries from the California, Alameda, Oak
land and San Rafael clubs. This will pos
sibly be arranged in the near future.
The weather was so pleasant yesterday
that numbers of the players were out to
the courts of the California Club, and
many matches were played. One of the
best "was between George Whitney and
\V. Stauf vs. R. Whitney and Ralph
Bliven. the former team winning. 3 — ti.
5_C t 6_3 t 6_i. George Whitney played
In excellent form. smashing and
driving with great precision and speed.
Robert Whitney took StaUf as a partner
and turned the tables on George and Bli
ven. beating them 8—6. George Whitney
beat Ralph Bliven, 7—5. Grant Smith
beat Percy Kahn. 6— 4. Kahn beat Drey-
f UPi o—2, 6 — 4. 6—3. Harry Haight and
Cornell played a tie, +-6. 6 — 1. McLean
beat Mavhew, 8—6. 7—5. Delano beat
Keuhn, 0^-3. 6—3, 5—7, S— 6. Haight beat
Kahn, C— 2. &— 3.
The Belvedere Tennis Club will have an
open day about July 15. The new courts
will be finished in a few days. The club
has a membership of fifty, all residents
of the island.
ihe Hardys play to-day on the Western
championships, at the Kenwood Club,
Chicago, one match in singles and one
in doubles. The Kenwood Country Club
has this year the largest number of en
tries it ever had. In the doubles twenty
nine teams are entered.
TENNIS PLAYERS ARE IN
PRACTICE FOR DOUBLES
P.artley Lee. a laborer, who lived at
1W+ Natorr.a Ftreet, died at St. Mary's
Hospital yesterday morning and the body
was taken to the Morgue. His death was
t-upposeJ tc be caused by a clot of blood
on the brain. He wa« at a picnic at
Schuetzen Park Wednesday, had a French
dinner on his return and early next morn
ir.j? starcrrrr-ri into the Cosmopolitan
saloon. Fifth and Mission streets. He fell
asleep in a chair and f>ll to the floor.- He
ma takft! to the City Prison and booked
as drunk. He became unconscious In hi*
cell and was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital, where the cape was diagnosed as
paralysis of the r.rain. Later he was re
rnoved to his home and then to St. Mary's
Hoi-pitaL
Bartley Lee Dead.
NEW YORK. July fc. — In an exciting
ore-rr.i!e match with Jay Eaton on the
Valls-'burg board track at Newark. N. J.,
to-day K. A. McFarland finished first in
two out of three heats, but lost the match
on a foul.
McFarland Loses On a Foul
WASHINGTON. Jwly S -The Machias, which
Tms b«-en -watchine- fr.itei F?ate>« Interest* on
the Ifthmuf of Panama »nd at the Colombian
port! f r >r the riapt seven months, sailed to-day
from Fan Juan for Hampton Ilo&dt.
IvOP ANGELES. July ?.— George Decker,
formerly first baseman r,f the Chicago team. <
vat taken to the hospital to-<1ay in a demented j
c- -ndition. Grief over the death of his wife j
e.nd child is the. supposed cause of hit malady. \
NIAGARA FALLS. July *.— Howper. the Chl
rairn man who propo**e» to run the whirlpool
hpMb !n his lifebeoat. dM not »ucceerj in
lannebisc W« craft to-day. Preparations were !
made to rut th* boat in the water, but aea'.n j
tb«- Canadian police interfered under the Pun
<iay law. The boat will be f>wM to the <
AmTican Fide to-morrow, where Bowser will •
board it and start on his trip.
LEBANON. Pa.. Julr R.— Sixteen hundred !
men w>re to-day Thrown out of employment by j
the hankine of five furnace* operated by the :
Lackawanr.a Iron and Fteel Company at Scran- j
ton.
WORCESTER, Mh-=.. July R.— Fire to-day d*
rtreyed the propertf of the E. B. Crane Lum
\tr-r Company and the T'ar.ielfc-Cornell Company,
wholesale Rroreriee Ftrerr.an I.ibby was prob
ab'.y fatally Injured; Ion, tieo.OOO. !
PKATTI.E. Ju^y «.— The Fteamer Rosalie ar
rived fr.,m I.ynn Canal to-day with $5<i0/>00 in
K!'.r.<1!ke Bold. ernsi<me<3 to the Seattle Assay
Of fie- by a Daw son bank.
("IN'CINNATI. July R.— Th» tenth annual con
vention of the Baptist Tour* People's T'nton
¦will convene here next Thursday for a eem'on
of four (Jays.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Dr. Leroy Accounts for the Suicide \
of His Brotner.
CHICAGO." July s.— *he suicide of
Charles Lr-roy of Fullerton, Cal.. on a
Fanta F« train near Joliet, is said by his
trot her. Dr. Leroy of this city, to be di
rectly attributed to the in:er.so hot wave
that Bwept over the Western States last
¦week. He was a successful business man
rnd had no private troubles to induce him
to kill himself.
Charles I^-roy was one of the developers
oi the great Hr.idford oil wells in Penn
sylvania aii'l New York, and went to Cali
fornia in 1??2. Recently he acquired op
tions and leases on oil lands in Santa Bar
lara County, and was on his wa^- East to
arrar.pe a financial deal to develop his
holdings.
HEAT DEOVE HIM HTSANE.
Shearer's right arm wa« so lacerated it
\v:is f<.nnd n<-c»r-saryt<"> amputate it to-day.
»!r.'l othT injuries render his condition
precarious. Phillips 1s surely blinded in
one eye, and perhaps both are destroyed,
--ill the ra?n were painfully cut and
bruised by fiyinp r^ck.
NEVADA CITT. July S.— At the Home
mine, shortly before 12 o'clock last night,
Hiram Shearer, George W. Hyde and Jo
»-• ph H. Phillip? w«»re frightfully mangled
by a hang: fire blast on the' 500 foot level.
THREE MEN INJURED
* IN THE HOME MINE
WITH DEADLY AIM GROCERY EMPLOYE PLACED BULLETS IN BUR
GLAR'S HEAD.
DETECTIVES Dlnan and Wren have
made known the identity of the
man shot Saturday night by Alfred
Hubert while attempting to force
an entrance into the grocery store of D-
W. Tietien, East and Washington
streets. He proves to have been an old
offender named Luigl Ferrea, a notorious
petty larcenist and a criminal upon whom
the police of San Francisco have long had
an eye. His picture is in the Rogues'
Gallery of the Police Department and his
record is of the worst. .
On November 9, 1894, he was held to
answer in the police courts on a charge
of burglary, having entered a shoe-store
on Broadway, near Stockton street. On
February 16, 1S95, he was sent to the
Preston School of Industry for two years.
At that time he claimed he was but 19
years of age, in order to escape confine
ment in San Quentin. As an alias he fre
quently used the name of "Frank Wil
liams."
A sister of the dead burglar, Mrs.
August Garibaldi, who resides at 10
Union place, said yesterday:
"My brother's name was Peter. The last
I heard of him was when he was em
ployed at 'Cutting's packing house. He
got a card from there when he was laid
off, which was about two weeks ago. ' He
had been employed in a San Jose barber
shop as bootblack for two mortths before
he went to work as a packer. I have
not seen him for some time, but am not
At this dark hour the Republican party
was born. The name was one which had
been associated with American politics al
most from the beginning of our national
history. It had never quite disappeared
from party nomenclature. Even yet the
Democrats claimed it as a part of their
official designation. It could not be ab
sent from the thought of any who con
templated a new party organization, and
It had been assumed In some of the
Northwestern States for the new State
party. For the new national party it
was adopted, as Greeley says, "almost
spontaneously."
In February, 1856. a delegate convention
met in Pittsburg and organized the Re
publican party. A long and able exposi
tion of its principles and purposes was
set forth, and a nominating convention
was called to meet In Philadelphia in
June. All who deprecated the repeal of
the Missouri compromise and favored
Congressional control of the Territories
were invited, but. only Delaware. Mary
land and Kentucky of the slave States
sent delegates. Into the Republican party
went the body of the free-soilers. among
whose leaders were Sumner, Chase, Julian,
Hale, Frank P. Blair and C. F. Adams:
the anti-slavery Whigs, among whom,
were Greeley, Thaddeus Stevens, Lincoln.
Seward and Fessenden: . many of th»
Know-nothings, like Banks. Colfax and
Henry Winter Davis, won as time passed
by the anti-slavery feature of the party
policy, some of the original abolitionists,
Lovejoy, Giddings. Garrison and Wendell
Phillips, though these were not nominally
of the party, and only acted with it to
spur It on to new aggressions against
slavery- Others came directly from the
The Republican Party.
The situation in Kansas continued to ab
sorb attention. The President Issued In
December a special message which de
clared his intensely partisan attitude
against the free-soil movement. Acrid
debates in Congress, the assault upon
Charles Sumner by a Southern "fire
eater," the march of events in the distant
Territory where the deadly struggle drew
dally nearer to the fatal plunge into
bloody civil war— all this continually
widened the sectional breach. The out
look was gloomy in the extreme.
Whig defeat of 1So2. None of them proved
effective until the Nebraska bill of 1S54
supplied the needed element for precipi
tating the moral and political earnestness
and purpose held in solution In the seeth
ing caldron of Northern sentiment. Po
litical action in several of the Northwest
ern States crystallized about the bill.
Free-soilers, Free Democrats, Anti-slav
ery Democrats and Abolitionists all be
came "anti-Nebraska" men. Local organ
izations began to .fuse their differences in
the white heat of indignation against the
Douglas bill. Ere long in all the North
western States a new party appeared, and
plans for national action were discussed.
On the 24th of May. the day before the
final passage of the Nebraska* bill, the
powerful New York Tribune of Horace
Greeley called for a "union of all the ele
ments of the opposition" to the nefarious
action of Congress. The autumn elections
of 1854 strengthened in the lower house the
opposition to the Administration.
A bill had passed the House In 1S53 for
giving a Territorial organization to Ne
braska, which then included what re-
Out of the clear sky came the thunder
bolt. The question of slavery was deemed
by politicians of all parties to have been
definitely settled and removed from the
list of political problems by the com
promises of 1S20 and 1S50. by which the
whole of United States territory was par
celed out as open either to freedom or to
slavery. Anti-slavery . sentiment did In
deed continue to spread ana deepen, but
there seemed no opening for effective ac
tion. Triumphant Democracy held the
reins of the chariot of state and saw no
pitfalls In the smooth course which the
future unrolled before it.
The Kansas-Nebraska Bill.
umphs. ' Southern slaveholders read
Pierce's Inaugural with complacency, and
in the selection of his Cabinet Southern
prejudices were thoughtfully regarded. The
elections of 1853 confirmed the party leaders
in the expectation of a long lease of prac
tically uncontested power. The Democrat
ic majority in each house of Congress was
large, and no effective opposition appeared
from any quarter.
Meantime the Democrats felt themselves
to be on the crest of the wave. Their fol-.
lowing, too. was swelled by Whig dissen
sions and failures. The new Democratic
President, suave and popular and using
after the accepted Democratic fashion all
the resources of his office for the party
advantage, seemed destined to cement
more closely the party of experience and
prestige and to carry it on to greater tri-
The election of 1S52 had shown the utter
incapacity of the Whig party to deal with
the political problems of the time. So com
plete was the party demoralization that
few believed It could ever again cope with
its formidable antagonist. The weak, half
hearted manner of its treatment of slavery
had alienated alike its anti-slavery adher
ents in the North and the strong Southern
element which opposed the Democratic
policy. The lack of genuine political and
moral convictions, coupled with a deficien
cy of political w'isdom and statesmanlike
foresight, was the disease of which the
Whig party died; or, to change the figures,
these were the rocks upon which the party
was split into fragments, the larger por
tion of which drifted into the stream of
Knownothingism. which was rapidly
spreading over the country, especially in
the Eastern States. The free soil party,
which called itself after 1S51 the Free De
mocracy, also gained accessions and
reached by 1S51 the height of Us Influence.
Its greatest strength was In the North
west, and its more sanguine members
hoped that Whiggery was to succeed Free
Democracy.
The Political Situation in 1854.
Movements for a New Party.
A variety of efforts to collect into a new
political body the scattered forces opposed
to the Democratic party followed the
The New England Emigrant Aid Society,
chartered with a capital of millions of
dollars before the Nebraska bill had
passed, gave a practical and effective ex
pression to Northern agitation. Before
the summer of 1S54 had closed some 500
anti-slavery emigrants had begun the long
Journey from the seaboard to the debat
able land. All the way they received
accessions to their numbers, doubling and
even quadrupling them.
irreconcilable enemy. The Middle States
were uncertain. To the South then, fav
ors must be given.
A long and full debate in Congress made
clear to all the scope and probable effects
of the proposed legislation. The excite
ment- in the North grew even more in
tense. Throughout the winter and spring
public meetings without number were
held to express the bitter Indignation of
the people at being thus tricked and be
trayed. Petitions and remonstrances
flooded the truckling Congress. Press,
platform and pulpit united in efforts to
avert the disaster. The bill passed May
25 by a small majority In the House and a
large one in the Senate. Long before
plans had been set afoot for saving the
new Territory for freedom In the only way
which -would still be possible should the
bill "become a law. If the inhabitants of
Kansas were to determine its status as
free or slave soil, then those inhabitants
must be anti-slavery men from the North
ern States. As yet but a handful of whites
were to be found in the whole great tract
under discussion, but as soon aa the In
dian titles which barred the way should
be extinguished settlers would pour in by
thousands, at least, into the southern por
tion, which was deemed the more fertile
and the more attractive.
Tepla is in the mountains, twelve miles
pnutheast of Livermore. Reports received
there to-day are to the effect that the
town is out of the danger line. The (3am
ec done i« not heavy, a? the country
ewept bare by the flames is covered only
by heavy undergrowth and small timber.
When the alarm was raised eeores of
flre-fig-hters responded. The night was one
of anxiety at the mines, for steadily and
fwiftly the fierce sweep was toward the
town. There was no sleep for Tesla's hun
dreds of dwellers, who felt that at any
minute their homes would be swept out of
existence. Men resorted to every avail
able expedient to drive back the roaring
billows of fire which were rolling down
the steep canyon scopes. For many hours
Tired and wearied miners pave battle and,
tv'.th success, checked the fires at the edge
of the great mining properties. Latest re
ports from Tesla indicate that the fireo
**re under control, but not extinguished.
The watch will not be recalled, nor will
the vigilant efforts of the townspeople be
relaxed until all danger is pan and prop
erty is deemed safe from damage.
The fire started from sparks thrown
from an engine which is operating a steam
shovel at a gravel pit near the town.
Over the dry hillsides the names had free
run and before warning of the danger
r-.uld be piven a tremendous start had
'"¦f obtained by the flames that were
Fwiftly burning brush and undergrowth.
Men were called out from the mines and
l>ack-flrlng was done to check the sweep
of flame. For forty-eight hours the fires
•which circled the big mining camp were
kept In check, but Thursday night a sud
den shifting of the wind started the flames
toward the town.
The town 0T Tesla. with the extensive
virks of the coal mines, has been threai
«m=>d with destruction by a great brush
;ire which for four days has been raging
m the slopes of Corral Hollow, surround
ing the town. For many miles along the
eastern slope? of the canyon the timber
and brush have been burnt out. and so
close to the settlement has the fire raged
that hundreds of men have been constant
ly fighting the flames which are licking
up everything in their path.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
311S Broadway, July 8.
People in Terror Lest Sweep of the
Swiftly Spreading Brush Con
flagration Should Wipe
Out Town.
Days of Fire Fighting to
Save the Great Works
From Destruction.
WALL OF FUME
SURROUNDS COAL
MINES AT TESLA
These exports should not be confounded
with those of that part of the State south
of Tehachapl, from whence are shipped
thousands of carloads of citrus fruits.
The railroad statistics show that there is
practically no demand for the deciduous
fruits of this State In the Southern States,
the movement of horticultural products
eastward through Sacramento being fully'
99 per cent of the total.
Taking Mr. Richardson's figures of car-'
load exports the total number of pounds
of California's luscious fruits sent to
tickle the palates of people beyond the
"Rockies" amounts to 202.000,000. These
7800 carloads, in plain, cold figures, do
not appear to amount to an astonishing
total, but when it is understood that they
represent a solid train of cars each carry
ing 26.000 pounds and extending fifty-nine
miles, a reasonably Intelligent idea of the
importance of the horticultural industry
of California can be formed.
"This ratio," said Mr. Richardson, drift
ing into progressive statistics, "runs up
into a great total, and amounts approxi
mately to about 7800 carloads. The falling
off in the latter part of the season is ac
counted for by the fact that the East
ern fruits come into the markets and
reduce the demand for the products of
the Golden State."
"The figures are certainly stupendous
and run into sums hardly comprehensi
ble," continued the gentleman. "The June
shipments averaged sixty carloads a day,
which accounts for 1S0O carloads in the
month. This means nearly 47,000,000
pounds <5f the early deciduous fruits, such
as apricots, plums and peaches. Then
comes the rush of the midsummer prod
ucts, which increases the exportation to
seventy carloads per day, and this move
ment lasts during July and August. This
means 4200 more carloads. Then the Sep
tember shipments drop back to about
sixty carloads per day.
"Aside from those directly Interested in
the industry comparatively few people
have a remote Idea of the Importance of
the frult-ralslng Industry of California
and the true definitions of the words sup
ply and demand," said Master of Trans
portation Richardson of the Southern
Pacific Company, referring to the pres
ent movement of deciduous fruits to the
Eastern markets, yesterday.
ly Exported Would Fill a Train
Fifty-Nine Miles in
* Length.
That Part of the Green Crop Annual-
Nearly Two Million Pounds
Now Going Daily to
the Market.
BIG MOVEMENT
OF CALIFORNIA
FRUIT EASTWARD
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
THE BEGINNING OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
¦ • r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JULY 9. 1900.
DEAD BURGLAR IDENTIFIED BY
POLICE AS AN OLD OFFENDER
STEPHEN A. DOUGLAS.
JOHN CHARLES FREMONT.
Detectives Recognize Remains of the
Man Killed by. Alfred Hubert as Those
.' of Luigi Ferrea, a Notorious Petty
Larcenist and Ex-Convict.
xm.
7
The British Government used 124.000 gal-
lons of corn whisky last year in the man-
ufacture of smokeless* powder.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 9, 1900.
8
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSI?~:SS OFFICE of The San Frandseo
C»U. corner nf Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock fvrr nlcht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery etreet
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
SfO Hay** street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C2S McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
CIS Lsrkin street: open until 9:38 p. m.
1M1 I.Tl?."ion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
na Mission etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ticti! S ». m.
1% Eleventh rtrwt; oren until 9 p. m.
1CP6 Valencia street; oj>en until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky utrprtf : oppn until 9 p. m.
MEETIXC NOTICES.
FAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal ~fi-
A- !- Masonst meets THIS EVENING. TS?^
Degrees 5 and 6. *
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. S2. F. and A. ¦
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at Jfk
7 -SO o'clock. Third degree. Master Ma- Jt^
e=.->ns corciiallv invited. By order of the • ~^ '
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. M. •
-Called meeting THIS DAY (Monday), _#\^
Jul> 9 1300. at T:30 o'clock p. m. Ve- lC/4.
gree 2. 13y order of the W. M. • '
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. SCO. F. m
and A. M.— Franklin Hall. Flllmore
Ft between Bush nnd Sutter. Sec- 7_TT
or.d decree THIS- EVENING, at 7:3I>. '^«r>
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. jfgKV
F Ir.'.tiattcn MONDAY EVE, i^yj^SS
July '-'. Visitors welcome.
J. H. HANSON. N. G. -»trr~*
BAN FRANCISCO Lodjre No. S, I.
(, o. F.— Ofncers and members: agJ^SK*—
You are hereby notified to assem- ¦ =^355?fe=-
fc'.e at our lodpe morn. I. O. O. F. -^"iv*
bunding or TUESDAY. July 10. at S P- m..
fcr the 'purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother. L. B. HETTY, P. G.
J. W. E. ALLEN. R. S.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Eintracht Spar und Bau Ve-
rein will be held at the offlce of the \-erein,
in Eintracht Hall. 237 Twelfth st. on TUES-
DAY. July 10. l&f>P. at 7:30 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year an.i the transaction of such other
riusinoys" as may come before the meeting.
Polls cpen from 7:20 to 9:30 p. m. Twenty-
second series now otv>n f<-»r subscriptions.
F. HUFPCHMIDT, President.
HENRY GILLE. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and San Joarjuin Valley Railway Company
rnrtO t>e held at the office of the company. No.
821 MRrket ft. Fan Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the 17ih day of July, 1500, at the
boor of 11 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose
<•! electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the^risuing: year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
'.r.g. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
fnMCITOR wanted at JALUNSTEIN & PLA-
TO Printing Company. 310 Hayes st.
ASTROLOGY.
MRP Paste Dunn, scientific astrologist etrictly
r-Mlatle on all mntters pertaining to life and
business; horoscope readings. $1. 1710 Sutter.
A.T~OH>KYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market St..
rorm €27; estates, damacen. attachments,
har.kruptcy. collections; nil cases; fair fees;
no a.ivance charges; money loaned on estate.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. £30 Market.cor.Stockton.
ADVICE fre»: no charee unless successful. W.
W\ DAVIDSON. 927 'Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckela bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOF.ILES^Fred WARD & SON, '
A cents, 4G Fremont ft.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON $5. 4-panel folding: door opens: firm
ar.fl fafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
OAK. IIS— Boy'* bicycle In good order; Fentcn
make: $10; call after 7 p. m.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
8CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H^raes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
IH'.l.filW HARKS.
BELGIAN HARES 5 !
All th« popular Btralns at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. Alameda, Cal.
TUKON. Red Rover and Bonanza Prince
bucks; service 12 60 up. 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHOICE PEDIGREED BELGIAN HARES;
cheap. 1009^4 Eutter Bt
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..C0J Gol-
den Gate ave.. S.F.. POP rabbits for sale cheap.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A^tlHoTPARTNER wanted In old-establ. cor.
grocery and bar on Third Bt. ; daily receipts
$35: retiring partner had to leave for north;
rent 142; leas": rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26V» Kearny et
A-S16T.0: CORNER grocery ar.d bar. with 4 liv-
ing rooms, en Mission St.; a first-class paying
business and large, fresh stock invoices the
price. Call R. O. WILKE. tP& Kearny st.
A STATIONERY, notions and branch bakery
en Mission ft; rent il2. including 3 rooms;
owner kept store R years; price $t£0. ur will
invoice. K. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny Et.
A— 53r.C; ELEGANTLY fitted 6aloon; established
years; in large private hotel; rent 540; location
2 blocks from Market Et. R. G. WILKE, 26V»
Kreray Et.
A— fC'.tt; COFFEE caloon close to Chronicle
buiiding ; a good business; Investigate at
once. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 J « Kearny Bt
A— SiOO; CORNER grocery -and bar on Brannan
rt. : rent S25; living rooms: a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny st.
A-S30C'-, PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
and chop house; close to Market st. : a splen-
«i:d offer for the right lean. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26S Keamy fet.
A-MC00; CORNER jrocery and bar; established
yeers and known as a money making place;
best location; close to Chronicle building. See
K. G. WILKE. 26 1 * Kearny et.
A— 11500; CORNER; wine and liquor store: only
one block frcja Market; rent $50; horse,
waccn and a larre stock; splendid paying
business: disagreement of partners cause of
cale. See It O. WILKE. 26i* Kearny et.
A— RESTAURANT; heart city; money maker;
Ug barpaln; call Monday. COWING & CO.,
71S Market st.
A. — SHOE store: good location; a anap thlc
day. COWING & CO., 718 Market Et.
A— CAFE r*5taurant on good etreet; this Is a
bnrtaln. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
CHAIN warehouse business embracing engine
and rr.!Il (new); no competition; capacity 1000
tons; profits last year over $1700; Central Ala-
meda Co.; 13C00 buys the entire plant; a rare
bargain. H. H. CRANE. £08 California st
FOR sale — Country hotel and bar at It. R. de-
pot, near this city: completely furnished; all
Al condition; investigate this. H. II. CRANE,
r,W California st
$3000— SALOON; 1 block from Market St.; fix-
tures and stock worth $1500; good reaeon for
selling. Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market.
tSW-SALOON: north of Market st.; best loca-
lion; full value in eight: sold only on account
of old ac». Apply Mclaughlin & co..
T77H Market «t.
FIRST-CLASS dining ar.d lunch parlor.. ..$C0O
Transfer «.nd delivery business compleu.. 750
Book store clearing $200 a month KC0
Two saloons, both money coiners: bamralns.
M. GKIFFLV, 71S Market St.. room 1. nr. Call.
_-f200; PARTNER wanted In light established
burlness; too much for one to look after; must
be satisfied with J IS to 125 a week; trial given;
no eir^o-rience required. 9 G*-ary st., room 2.
BALOON, wholesale district; day business;
commercial lunch; cheap rent; 2 years' leaset
fine fixture*: complet* stock; no better offer
for ll.Vtt; brewer} 1 willing to advance 1500.
Box &22. Call office.
CANDY store for Bale; eood stock and flxtun-s:
low rent : no agents. 138 IIay«s «t.
niC?TAURANT; *eat« to people; all hardwood
furniture; must be sold to-day. "Call C33 4th.
BAKERY, cigars, laundry and notions; present
owner there 6 years. 507 Third et
LliADIXG hotel In Monterey: 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar: completely rurn.:
will rent. f*II or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey, Cal.
FOR sale — Cheap ;. complete outfit of grocery
and barroom: etore to let: cheap rent: lease:
bert corner In Mission. Northeast corner of
Dolores and Valley sts.
WANTED-Crub stake; gravel richer than
Alaska: less thin $200 required. 1215 Valencia.
FOR Bale In San Mateo— Good dairy business.
Further particulars address X. Y. Z., P. O.
EARnnn shop for sale; 4 chairs; doing good
business; poor health reason for selling. 7C1
Howard et. ¦ •
TO let— Barber shop; 2 chain; rent cheap.
S46_ Seventh it. 1
BUSINESS CIIAXCES CONTINUED.
E^CT^RTRTslNGnb^ri^sT^eT^ThMT^o^
right at home; parties wanted with capital to
build water-power machinery to operate on
principal rl\-ers; thousands of machines can
be put In use; now is the time; farmers need
water; machinist or engineer preferred. Box
&3S. Call office. • •
FOH sale — A strictly good buslners; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodging-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to mike money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant Bakers-
fleld. Cal.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
Halls; rent only $15: water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON X: CO.. 614 Call bldg.
CIGAR stand for rent cheap. Opposite rail
road depot. Third and Townsend sts.
FOR Fale— First-class restaurant. Address P.
• LAM MERS. 1759^4 Mission St.; no agents.
A ItKSTAXTRANT for sale; also living rooms.
136 Second st.
CANDY store for Fale; good stock and fixtures;
low rent; no agents. 138 Hayes Bt
DON'T mls« the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
27 HOUSES. $200 to $350; part on time.
16 houses of 14 to 20 rooms, $500 to $1100.
21 houses of 25 to 41 rooms; fine, paying big.
Lor.g list. Call on M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market
St.. room 1. nr. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
TO secure bargains and general satisfaction In
lodging-houses, effect a quick sale of your
house co to SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917
Market Bt. opp. Mason; Tel. Mint 1191.
a*ROOM house, nicely furnished, near Jones
and Eddy: must sell Monday; J60O; cheap at
$1000. C. D DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market st
$1JOO— SNAP; 62 rooms; all rented: fine loca-
tlon; near Market st. BASILE. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR SALE— Cheap; The Astor; elegantly fur-
nished: SP rooms; on account of Bickness.
Apply 1130 Market et.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
341-344 McAllister 6t; phone South 146.
J. E, MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th gt.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY £team Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mer.. 3S-40 Sth Et ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.. tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE rarpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East Its.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, names*
etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
COLLKCTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO' LET.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms and bath. 3835 Twenty-
fifth St.; rent $9.
S1'1RITL'ALIS3I.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 858 Mis-
sion st.; readings dally. 23c. 60c and SI; cir-
cles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening. 10c. .
PROF GEE, medium: readings, 50c and $1; dr.
every night. 10c. 1206 Market, cor. G. Q. ave.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
THIS week only— Full Bluings 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market St.. near 12th.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.. Sundays Included.
MRS KOTTER. spiritual medium; sittings; G.
1. L. 50c; clr. Mo.. Wed.. Frl.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily; cir.
Tups.. Fri., 2. 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting tt. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. .CLARK, the well-known trance me-
dium, permanently located at 205 Turk et..
may be consulted on all affairs of life: she
will thow you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the eeparated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
st; near Jones.
j MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2".c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11C7 Market st. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diapnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm. & clalr. ; sit $1 50. 126 Turk st
j MME. RENNER. MR 1 * Geary (Saratoga court),
! clairvoyant, life, and plant reader; ladies: 25c.
MRP CAMERON, card reader: best advice; 25c
up. 823 Mission st, nr. Fourth; ring bell.
j MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 921^ Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. & Seventh et; no sign.
MME. August clairvoyant, card reader: palmis-
try: truth or no pay: 25c &. 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME FCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'FarrellBt
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket it, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our ' specialty ; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. H 50 up: of-
fice hours 9 a.- m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fllllngs; extraction or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; \ advice free; prices
cheapeet and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
Dr" LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50;; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2SS Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full net of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
I SET ot teeth' without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BCZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits Jl 50: all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR.CREELY'S CP.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists nr at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary st; dresses
mnde, $5 up; dresses made oi-er; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, 630 Sutter at. dressmaking
frliool; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 PoKt.over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL students but nvo taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
ATRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket ft.; life scholarship. 100; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 205 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; a'.l
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 18C4.
.VAN DEp NA1LLEN SCHOOL, 8S3 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, lr. 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions" era td. to flniBhed pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F.; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. ¦ 424 Pine Bt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese, employment^ con-
tractor; eetubl. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6.
ORPHBUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 50<2.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 212L S06hi Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beet help. 4im O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A COMPETENT . German cook; first-class
French cook; Swedish second girl; neat young
second girl: also a competent woman with a
child: good cook and housework er, city or
country, best of references. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. '¦
A COMPETENT man and wife desire situa-
tions; understand all kinds of ranch work.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO Scandinavian high-class cooks want situ-
ations; best of references. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY, 318 Sutter St.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework: city or country; willing and
obliging; references If required. 622 Ivy ave.,
between Octavla and Lacuna sts.
SITUATION wanted by trained nurse; any
branch of nursing: physician's certlflcute;
prices $12 and $15; best references. Box 3513,
Call.
STRONG young woman wlah«s housework by
the day; best of references given: will wash
flannels or clean windows. Box 3516, Call.
A PERFECT Vienna dressmaker wishes work
In private families. Address H. F., 2116 How-
ard st. Tailor made suits a specialty.
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework in a private family. Please call at
2951 Pine st.
A RELIABLE woman wishes housework; good
housekeeper and plain cook; no postals.
Please call 617 Third St.
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing and
housecleaning by the day. Call at 65 Tehama
St.. bet. First and Second.
WOMAN wants to do washing and houseclean-
ing by the day; $1 10 a day. 176 Seventh Bt.
WASHING, cleaning by day. Apply 1633 Eix-
teenth ave.. South San Francisco.
A NEAT young girl wishes a place to assist
In houeework. Call 333 Sixth st
COMPETENT German girl desires position as
nurse to grown children. Address A.' A.,
Young Women's Christian Association, 1221
O'Farrell st. '
RESPECTABLE Intelligent lady would keep
house for elderly, refined person; pleasant
home more than wages; no trlflers. Box 3520,
Call.
FLANNELS and blankets washed by a private
woman. Apply 5 Boston place, oft First st,
between Folsom and Harrison.
THOROUGHLY competent young woman, with
a child, position as housekeeper; city or
across the bay. 1525% Mission st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper: a good
cook. Address box 3541, Call office.
WASHING. Ironing, housecleaning, housework;
by the day. LYDIA TODD. 236 Clinton Park.
EXPERT darner and mender. Box &G5. Call.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission st.. room 1.
YOUNG woman wishes position as second Elrl
In American family. 650 Willow ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 T<hlrd St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
• week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to' and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, competent in every
respect; can do some gardening; can furnish '
the beet of references* German descent Box
3529, Call office.
RELIABLE young man wants morning work
of anv kind; versed in office work; best of
references; compensation, i living expenses.
F.. box 3525. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400. Call. ,
WANTED— Position to do lunch counter work
or clerk In cigar stand: fiwaks Epclish nnd
Spanish: can furnish bonds. Address box
3553. Call office.
EXPERIENCED packer and marker (married)
desires position In notion, glassware or pic-
ture house; sober and strong: also speaks
German: Al city references. Box 35C3, Call.
POSITION as cook, either In private family or
Institution where neither lard nor pork in any
form Is used. Address G. E. W., 308 Sutter
St.. room 44.
TOUNG married man wants work: has lost use
of left hand; .speaks four languages; strong
and willing and needs work. Box 3566. Call.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country: colored man. Box 3600, Call office.
AN experienced wheelwright wishes a sltua-
. tlon. D. BOULET. cor. Broadway and Mont-
gomery. OoMen Eagle Hotel.
A YOUNG man of refined appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Box 11. San Mateo, Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelvpd at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. '
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1O71V4 Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mall. 50c: see City Dl-
' rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
Just ed^N^lanass^ocullstoptlrian^SlOMkt
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market Bt
669 Geary; f.. -7 r....$30|1915Devlsadero,f., 6r.$19
19f>2 Eddy; f., 6 r.... 25| 1512 O'Farrell; f., 4 r. 15
793 Haight: f.. 6 r.. 25 417 Jones: I.. 6r 25
579 Geary; f., 6 r. 26 50 72 Webster; f., 6r... 25
AN elegant upper Bunny corner flat of 7 rooms,
bath, for $25; water free. NW. cor. Twenty-
sixth and Castro sts.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner: sunny; 2 bay-windows;
all modern Improvem'ts: 1st floor. 417ft Third.
GROVE, 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
gant sunny top flat; 6 rooms nnd bath. ,
HYDE, 731, near Sutter — New top flat, 6 rooms,
bath, storeroom; sun all day; electricity and
all modern Improvements. Inquire EASTON
Sc ELDRIDGE, C38 Market st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN& HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny 5-room flat; rent $20. 219\J Elm
ave., near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
MISSION,' 1513V4. near Eleventh— 2 flats of 6
large sunny rooms; bath and yard; laun-
dry; rent $18 and $22.
MISSION, 2943-6 rooms and bath; stable if _e-
slred.
NINETEENTH, 8980. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cam— Lovely lower key-lot «-
room fiat; sun all day; rent $1S; water free.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— 3-roomed flat; bay-wln-
dows. . . ¦
SEVENTH. 46, near -Market— Flat 4 Bunny
rooms; closets, etc.; rent reasonable.
SUNNY desirable flats. Oak and Laguna sts. ;
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable. MADISON
6 burke. ' : ;
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkin Bt.
TO let— 92 Harriet st, cor. Folsom: 4 runny
rooms; yard: rent $13; water free; apply In
grocery. J. D. WILKINS.
UPPER flat 5 nice sunny rooms; porcelain bath
tubs. gS30 Pine st ¦
$9 — 3 ROOMS; sunny corner. 6 Zoe St., nr 3d.
$12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 1718 A
Lfavenworth st. -
114 — UPPER floor, 6 sunny rooms. 6 Pine place,
oft Pine st., between Mason and Taylor.
$21 W— A SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms and bath.
1732 Baker St.. near California. ¦- . ¦
FUIIMTURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSE for sale of 7 rooms; nicely furnished;
reasonable. 1110 Mission St.
FURNITURE WANTED. I
ALFRED WOLLPERT] / 773~MlS3ion et.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
• furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: teL< Red 8353.
HELP AVAMED-FEMAIiB.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, summer resort. $25; waitress,
insitltutlon. $25 and found; 2 waitresses. Con-
gress Springs, $20; 2 waitresses, Capltola, $20;
head waitress,' $25, and waitress, $20, same
springs; 2 waitresses, city, $20: 2 waitrepses.
Marysville, J20; 2 waitresses, Fresno. J25; 1
waitresses, Visalla, $25; waitresses, Vallejo,
San Mateo, Kedwood, Ukiah, J25; chamber-
maid. Pacific Grove, $20, free fare; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, city and country, $20;
woman cook, $30; 3 fancy lroners, $S0; cham-
-bermaid, $20; waitress. Nevada. J25; Scandi-
navian, German and Italian working house-
keepers, J16 and $20; second girl. Ross \ alley,
$25; Invalid's nurse, Alameda. $25; houseglrls,
Gilroy. Grass Valley Alameda, Sonoma, Oak-
land, Courtland $15 $25: 6 German cooks,
city, $25; 25 choice places, housework, civ.
$10 to $25; young nursegirl, J10. C. R. HAN-
SKN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
SCANDINAVIAN or German woman for wash-
ing by the day; $1 and car fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO waitresses for Highland Springs. $20 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish cook, city,
$30; American family, Vallejo, J25; no objec-
tion to a woman with a girl not under 6
years; Martinez. $20; Sonoma, $25; German
cook. Institution,' $30; second girl, Berkeley,
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— 3 girls for general housework across
the bay; wages $30; 4 cooks, city, $25 and $30:
2 waitresses, $20; 150 houseglrls. $15. $20 and
$25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GIRL for cooking, housework: plain washing:
7 in family; wages $30. 66 Belvedere st.
between Frederick and Waller. Clayton and
Cole. ¦
SWEDISH girl for cooking and general house-
work. Apply Monday morning, 2212 Devisa-
dero st
"WANTED-A young girt for plain cooking and
general housework in a small family. Call
from 9 to 12 a. m.. 1S10 Laguna st.
TWO coat finishers, ladles, and 2 buttonhole
makers and 1 panta finisher. 2819 Greenwich
St.. -near Presidio^
WANTED— First-class, 2 pair a day pants fin-
isher. $10 a week; steady work. 628 Mont-
gomery st, room 2S, fourth floor.
WANTED— A young girl to care for a 2-year-
old child. 1368 Geary Bt ¦
WANTED— Woman ,cook at 108 Hayes st.; call
early. ¦
WANTED— Young girl for housework.- 8231
Nineteenth st
GOOD experienced hands on vests. 8H Anto-
nio st.. between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
WANTED— A competent girl for general house-
work; small family. Apply 2634 Howard st
GIRL or woman to take children out a few
hours a day. 606 Third et. _____ ¦
GIRL to assist llgh,t housework. 1323*4 Steiner
st, near Ellis. .
GIRL wanted to take care of 2 children and
assist in light housework. 2630 Howard 'st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework;
private family. S2S Turk st •
LEAVENWORTH, 41S— Protestant woman for
general housework; small family; $10 month.
WAITRESS at 515 Valencia st, $18 per month
and room. /
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework; good ;
home. 623 Hal_ht St.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Ap-
ply S3S O'Farrell Bt
YOUNG girl apprentices on custom coats want-
ed. D33 Natoma Bt
BOOK folders wanted: experienced hands.
FRANK MALLOYK. 422 Sacramento st.
A GOOD finisher, who- makes good buttonholes,
on custom coats; steady work. 56SA Minna.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work and highest wages. Apply
Callfornlan Canneries Co., Ltd.. Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth. . *
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI ;
STRAUSS & CO.' factory. 32>/6 Fremont st:
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework In Ala-
meda; small family; wages reasonable. Box
8545. Call office.
WANTED— A woman to take charge of branch
office; business established and paying well.
Box 3527. Call office.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY. Cor. Gough
and Grove sts. _»
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. II.. box 1R24, Call office.
RELIABLE Klrl for general housework: wages
$20; call between 10 and 12. 1731 Broadway.
WAITRESS wanted at once. "BUREKA."
416 Geary st.
WANTED— A good business saleswoman; neat
and of eood appearance. Box 3526, Call.
HAIRDRESSER wanted. BROWNE'S, 2117
Flllmore st., near California.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
Fclsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia 'et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
THREE machine miners. $3 day; single hand
miners. J2 50 day; car men, J2 25 day; labor-
ers for mines, $2 day; 10 laborers for brick
yard, $-10; laborers for mills and lumber
yards, $30 and $2 day; farmers. $20, $26 and
$30; 2 men and wives, $40 and $50; blacksmith,
country shop. $2 50 day and board: wagon-
maker, $3 day: man about place, $25; chore-
men. $15 and $20; carriage painter on shares;
2 blacksmith helpers, $2 day and $1 60 day
and board, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSKN & CO.'S 104 Geary fit.
1000 men for railroad work; new work In Ne-
vada; tunnel men for Los Angeles County:
teamsters for Bakersfleld; laborers and team-
sters for coast road; laborers for S. P. Co.'s
own work, ?2 a day and up
Ship daily Fee Jl Free Fare
Sawmill men, blacksmiths, miners, machine
men, stablemen, farmers, choremen and oth-
ers
Cooks, bakers, dishwashers, kitchen men,
waiters, porters, laundrymen and others
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Gearv st.
FIFTY laborers work In quarry for S. P. Co.'s
own work $2 a day
Board $4 50 Ship Tuesday morning.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
FIFTY woodsmen $45 and found
60 woodchoppers $35 and found
50 roadmakers in woods $30 and found
Half -fare paid, see boss at office
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Young single man to drive delivery
wagon, city. $30. board and room; no ex-
perience required; Eastern man preferred.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St. ¦
WANTED— 2 wagonmakers and wheelwrights,
country', $3 and $2 50 day; ranch blacksmith,
steady place, $40 and found and fare paid;
plain blacksmith, near city, J30 and found:
4 warehousemen to truck grain, J40 and
found; 4 rough carpenters to build flume, $40
and found; 6 farmers for Palo Alto, steady
work, $20; 4 laborers around mine, no expe-
rience needed, part fare paid, $2 day; steady
¦work; 2 laborers, brick yard, $30; 4 laborers,
flume, $30; 10 farmers, different ranches, $25
and $30; 3 choremen, $15 and $20. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 gay st.
TEAMSTER, 8 horses. Jerk line, for a mine;
mountain road; $45 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
THREE cooks and wives, $50. $60 and $65; por-
ter and bellboy. $23; restaurant waiters for
country. $40 and $30; hotel waiters, J25 and
$30: dishwashers, vegetable- men and others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, summer resort. $50. MISS
CULLEN.- 225 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BOY about 16 years old for peddling fruit. $4 80
to $6 a week. 6G3 Natoma St.. between Sev-
enth and Eighth, In morning.
WANTED— Steady man: light Indoor work;
will pay $60 per month, with chance of in-
crease; small capital. 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— A dishwasher. Applv Homer's Vi-
enna Cafo: see chef In kitchen; rear 205
Kearny st .
WANTED— A good all round blacksmith; good
wages; steady Job. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Sev-
" enteenth and Vermont sts. . ¦ .
WANTED— A .large boy to drive wagon and
take care of horse; $4 per week. 1301 Devis-
adero st, cor. Ellis.
FIRST-CLASS shoemaker to do' custom re-
pairing. 270 Noe st. T. HIKES.
PORTER for general work at a family liquor
store; must have experience. 541 Mission st.
GET your shoes haK-soled while -waiting, Joe to
50c. E62 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED-A good • shoemaker. 791 Mission
street. ' ' -
WANTED — Porter for saloon, 8 a, nr. Inquire
616 Clay Bt. ¦ - : • /
WANTED— Dishwasher. 435 Ellis »t
CARRIAGE helper and finisher. - Apply 337
Dore Bt., between 9th and 10th,' off Bryant. -
TWO coatmakers and three bushelmen. 2819
Greenwich st.,' near Presidio.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 7 a. m. To-Day
WE SHIP FREE
7263 men for all parts of California, Utah,
•Washington, Arizona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon, Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLT Jl
' and no other expenses to Loa Angeles and
Banta Barbara districts, we ship you to-day,
% a, m. and 5:30 p. m. for S. P. R. R. labor-
ers and teamsters *2 and {2 15 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division Zree
Wadsworth (Nev.) division free
Sacramento (Cal.) division free
Western, Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld di-
visions _ free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckea division of California, also Duns-
• muir \ free
laborers, teamsters, etc., regular wages paid,
office fee SI free fare
FREE FARE CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammermen J75
1C0 laborers. Inside work, free fare ISO
25 hard-rock miners 175
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseahoers. wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers, $3, ?2 50, .|2 day; (53. $60, J50.
145, $40, $30 and found; come, see
5 coopers 5 brick molders
Harness-maker
6 cabinet makers epool tender
coremaker and 53 other mechanics, wages
run from $4. $3 50, $3, $2 50. $2 a day and f d.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME and ¦ get • our list containing
7236 different Jobs. . MURRAY Sc READY.
A-STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc.. city and country, $50, 140,
!35, {30 and J25 and found : coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
$1 75 day
126 men to pick fruit $26 and found
r. special
366 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 50. J2 25. $2, Jl 75 day; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 Clay st
A— FARMS. ORCHARDS DAIRIES, HAY
....PRESSES, VINEYARDS, HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS
»26 farm hands $35, $30, J26 and found
125 haying hands Jl 25 to Jl 50 day and fd
36 harvest hands. Jl 50 to $2 a day and found
66 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers. $40, $35. $30 and found; come, see —
36 chore men and boys. $30. $26. $25. $20. $15
and found
5 sheep herders, fare Jl 50 J25 and found
superintendent tor large orchard and vineyard.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
A— TO MINES -. MINES
GOLD MINES. SILVER MINES. OTHER
MINES
S3 miners, single hand, different Jobs $75
6 machine miners, gold mine... $30
32 miners, single hand, excellent Job
J60 and found
B2 laborers for a large mine, $40 and $48 per
month. Including board and lodgings; it you
give satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
at ?C0 per month with board - and lodgings;
special, good, steady Jobs; remember all tha
above laborers for all mines need "no experi-
ence"
185 laborers, different mines, $50, $4S, $42, $40,
$85 and found, fares from Jl BO, COME, SEE..
CROWDS MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634-636 Clay st
A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS. .LAUNDRY HELP
IS bakers, first, second and third hands. $55,
$50 J45. J40. J35 and found, for all parts 61
California; first har.d, $50; second hand, $40
and found, same country Job, boss here and
fare paid
3 boyB or young- men to work in bakeries, $20.
J15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses,
etc., $40. $35, $30 and found; COME SEE
15 laundry men. washers, markers, starchere,
polishers, lroners. etc.. $35, J40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL.. ..CANDY. ...and OTHER DEPT'S
53 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $65, $60. $55, J50. $45. J40, J35. $30. JI5
and found; 32 waiters. COME SEE. $35. J30.
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps,
$30 and found. YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country
$30. $25, $20 and found
9 porters and bell and elevator boys
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw-
mill company t --...
man to help in bakery of a mine.. $30 and fd
lunch counterman $35 and found
candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels,- mines," restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories, hay
presses retorts, institutions, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 638 Clay Bt
A— 40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTER3
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS, TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
663 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $50. $75, $90. $120. $C0.
$ro, $40, $30 and found: 6S4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines.
$3, $2 50, $2, Jl 50. $1 and 75c cord; ehlngle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A — CHOREMAN and wife for ranch, boss here.
$45 to $50 and fd. ; stableman, $75; 5 carpenters,
vineyard, $75 and fd. ; boy to ride horseback.
$26 and fd.; foreman for woods; also foreman
for sawmill; also 20 woodsmen, all for Oregon;
carpenters for ranches: blacksmith for a
foundry. $3 a day; 6 lronmolders, $3 60 a day;
blacksmith's helper. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MARKET. 1E07, near Eleventh — Good cook,
restaurant. $10 week; also dishwasher.
VEGETABLE man wanted at 434 Fifth st.
BOY wages $3 CO per week; also Sunday work.
212 O'Farrell st.
BOY to learn baker trade; day work; $15 and
board. 1515 Devisadero st,
AN experienced stripper boy. Apply 1SV4 Fifth
street. * -
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps,- U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally, declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.. 630 K
Bt, Sacramento, Cal.. or 1058 J st. Fresno, Cal.
SAN PEDRO BREAKWATER.
Drillers and rockmen wanted. Apply 222% N.
Main St., Los Angeles. California Construc-
tion Co., Contractors..
WANTED — Toung barber, one year's experi-
ence; good, steady Job; fare paid. Central
Hotel barber Bhop, San Rafael.
SMART clean boy for office. FINK & SCHIND-
LER, 1303 Market st.
A BOY for blacksmith's helper. 836 Devlea-
dero st -
BOY for printing office; one with experience
preferred. 109 California st., room 21.
WANTED — Manager for Irrigated ranch who
thoroughly understands raising early melons.
Call or address, room 60, 265 O'Farrell st
WANTED— Experienced young man for cigar
store- must give reference and state salary
expected. Address box 3521. Call. '
BARBERS— $150; two-che'.r shop doing good
business- clear stand; laundry office; 2 llv-
Ing rooms; $13 rent; Bee It 1405 Devisadero.
JEWELERS— 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th st, near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25o per night; Jl to J2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House; 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ,
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at fall branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. ¦
1IOKSHS. L1VJ3 STOCK, lite — Kor Sal*
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses, Just ' arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Staniford Stables, 30S-210 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for s»:e; also wagons, V>u«sries.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,'
327 Sixth st; auction Rales «verV Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A NEW lot: 25 driving and work horses from
Haggln'n ranch; matched pair pacers.- Sales-
yard 1732 Mkt. CHASE & MENPENHALL.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard st, nr. Third.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
LOT of cheap horses foV campers, peddlers or
business at CANTT'S. 1170 Market st; Castro
st. cars pass the door.
AUCTION sale horses every Monday, 11 o'clock.
SWITZER'S. Twelfth and Harrison sta.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL.
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 305 Golden Gate ave.
-! HOUSES TO LET.
A-PRIXTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BAT-WINDOW house. 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth; rent 510; water free. Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery «t
DOLORES. 641. near Twentieth— Sunny home:
water free; large garden. *
HOUSE of 4 rooms; rent J?: water free. 720
Willow ave. Apply 626 Eddy Bt.
KEARNT. 1557— SS: house of 5 rooms: Just like
living In* the country.
HOUSES TO LET— KUKMSIIEO.
A— NICELT furnished sunny 5-room flat; mod-
ern conveniences; 3 double beds; bath; new
coal and cas stoves; adults only; ref.; rent;
J27 50. 9 a. m. to 1 p. m.. 707 Larkin. nr. Ellis.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— July S; tan-colored "grip" with name
C. S. MIDDLETON. stamped on side. Suitable
reward paid upon Its delivery at 1024 Green st.
FOUND — Large brown dog. Box 3540. Call.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHI»"remoTeT to 448 Eddy at..
with Mrs. Dr. Guyer. the well-known and
reliable ladles' physician; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. So; a home for patients before
and during confinement; consultation free;
hours. 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays. 10 to 2.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in 8. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fail
call on him. 1023H Market st
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialist,
has returned from, Europe: safe and reliable;
cure J5: have treated thousands of caaes with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market st, near 6th.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, J5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 912 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— LaJles' spe-
cialist; home In conflnment; safe and reli-
able;'consultatlon free; hours 10 to S.
DR. NG TOT KEE, late or Canton. China; dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarlum.704 Pacramento.cor.Kearny;advlce free.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladies' 1
physician;. chronic diseases treated; late sci- |
entitle methods: treatment $3.
DR. WISE (TS), the ladies' specialist. Ills
Market st; every case guaranteed; J5 up.
NICE reliable ' home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. "WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
POISON oak cured In one application or no
pay 2 469 Hayes st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on har.d:
12 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1W3 Mission st. above
Sixth; write for catalogue. '
A MODERN make electric battery; suitable for
any physician; only J12; cost originally $30.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A BEAUTIFUL rosewood pearl inlaid guitar
and case for 515; cost In any music store J27.
UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
ANOTHER. Standard caligraph typewriter re-
modeled; prints like new; $25; wlll*send for
trial and examination. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER, 110 Montgomery Bt
SECOND-HAND furniture; good blue, flame oil
stove. 3 burners, big oven, good condition.
11 Bowie ave.. off Eleventh st.
A— BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
GENUINE old hop violin for sale cheap. 162
Jessie St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
5-LB. steel T rail for sale cheap. BUHNSTINB
BROS., 533 Brannan st.
FOR sale— Blue flame oil stove. 4 holes; oil
cloth, carpets; cheap. 1336 O'Farrell at.
A— $3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
50 000 GALLON redwood tank and frame coin-
plete. THOMPSON. 40 Main at
FOR sale— 1 good 36-lnch screw cut metal
lathe, cheap, at 323 Mlsalon st
TTPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER; 513 Examiner b!dg.
6HP gasoline marine engine complete: almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516-513-520 Mission.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$75; concert records. Jl 50. Bacigalupi, 833 Mkt
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st
A FINE suit. tlO: dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pest i-t.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
S\FES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded ntlcker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
"miscellaseous wants.
WANTED— A good buggy. Address Cash. 714
Mission st. I
WAXTED-An Incubator. Address 2224 How- ,
ard st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton st
IY you wish full value for your cast-oft clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MONKV TO LOAN.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. -Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
~~ MONEY TO LOA.t.
ANT amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no. de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 16, first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain j
. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest, price for old gold, sliver, diamond*.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ANT sum. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHT. 630 Market st. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st. .
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. l«3'Phelan building.
MUSICAL IN'STRUJJIE.VrS^
WE have only one of the J185 bargains left now;
If you want It come at once. MAUVAIS', 769
Market . st . '
PACKARD orcans, for parlor or church use.
are way ahead of all others; cases are high
and low; prices are all low. MAUVAIS', 7G3
Market st.
DECKER & Son, Packard and Boothe Bn».'
are our great sellers; call and see the fine
styles and low prices; we have some good
squares at almost your own figure.
MAUVAIS'. 7E9 Market st.
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap,
ranging from $75 up. take advantage of our
closing out sale. SPENCER'S, ISIS Market st
MUSICAL ISSTHCJIBXTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
evsry srade from Steinway down to low-
Priced makes, and a* our lB , 9ta "™ e £. ££"
ments are easier than those of other dealers
we are the people from whom you ahouia
purchase: new upright plano^t *S cash. $6 per
month: other pianos. V. W a?J fe per i month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. 1 !:!:
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. SMFtaclKo.
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and 1 /~^ t A op"S*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & V^?^
26. 2S and 30 OTarrell St.: pianos organ^ and
all other musical Instruments of all Kra..rs
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest, every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
custfn.er. -
A NICE upright " *>?
A better one i'J
Fischer upright, gno.l condition •»*»
A n^l GO other sooJ seccnd-h.ina na~ain9.
PEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell at.
SELLING out regardless of cost — Entire stoclc
of pianos: store to let: fixtures for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE. mm Van Nesa av».
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. SC3 Post St.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment *3
per month. PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st
SLAUGHTER sale of pl.tnos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LEAVING 12th; must sell One upright; stand-
ard make; cheap: 1614 GoUlen Gate ave.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mra. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Kddy st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for
• Francis Bacon and Hallett fc Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR viclins. zithers, old and new. H.
MCLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chlckering. S190: installmentt
K to W: rent %2 up. HEINE'S, 13C Ellis st
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. *5 payment*;
fr-r rent. K up. BRUEN'N'. 2°* P" 9 * 8t " J
OnaCKS AM? STOKES— TO 1.ET.
AFTER the 12th Inst. fine large store to let
opposite the Orph^um. Apply 15 Grant aTe -
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neereard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: rends 1 to 9. 618 Geary, nr. Jonea.
PASTURAGE.
KkTtO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PERSOXALS.
LEDERER ls~the hairdresser that gives you th*
very Iate3t hair styles for 23c; Foamo Sham-
poo 5c pkg. 122 Stockton St.
LEDERER sells fine Switches for only Jl; make-
them of your own hair at a small price.
LEDERER' 3 Qulntonica hair tonic cleanses,
gives a fine gloss; nothing like It: 35c bot.
$1 50 MISSES' kid shoes for 50c a pair at THE
EEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
ELECTRIC llerhts In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st. near Market: 70O rooms;
23c to 11 50 per nisht ; *1 50 to J8 per we-*:
j free "bus ami baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments: $15 upward;
Jl a week. LEON LF.MOS, 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth. e
1 MME. ADA, wonderfully gifted heater. M
Kearny St.. room 11. cures nervousness. In-
sominia. blindness. Bright" s disease, rupturo.
! AHLBORN House. 319 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel cf San Francisco;
$1 per day ar.d up: finest meals In city. 25c.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
S50 Market st., second floor, room 37.
LADIES' ant! gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 9«=4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building, rocm JOT.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. Jl: at all .druggists. #
CAST-OFF clothlnsr.old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny at.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 26Q6 Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Stelner 3T>1.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SIPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backu»
studio. 11 Geary St.. eround and top flno— .
PHTSIC1— 1C9 AXO St'RGEOA'S.
DR. C C. CDONNELLi — Office and residence.
1021^a Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL 1STATE CITY — FOR AALB.
£5200 — MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller st, near Pierce. 1 block from
Haight-st cars; finished with marble steps.
frescoed ceilings, S wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished bas»ment. etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance J50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR SALE— Magnificent piece of property; S
frontages; centrally located; on two lines cf
cars; suitable for. factory or any large build-
ing. Addres-3 tooH 3T.54. CalL
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans ar.fi estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath. Sea
owner at 141 Twenty-seventh st.
FOR SALE— New ccttage, 4 rooms; large lot;
21st and Douglass sts. ; terms easy.
REAL ESTATE COIXTRY For Sale
A— PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN*. 719 Market
St.. city and country property sold or exchng.l.
ACCURATE personal knowledge: each of th»
30GO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list Mor3 than all other agents put together
in S. F. N. P. SICKELS. Land Agt.. » Geary.
FOR sale — Good-pay inff Investment: country
hotM; rented at $.V>. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Kd.lv and Taylor sts.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPI.\G. '
AUSTIN ave.. 205. corner Polk — Newly renovat-
ed furnisher! and unfurnished front sunny
rooms; cheap.
4 SMALL unfurn. rooms: J2 50 each; located
Fifth and Market. Particulars 342 Kearny st.
ELEVENTH. 106-— Connecting housekeeping
rooms; complete; also single; upstairs.
FURNISHED apartment, parlor, 2 bedrooms &
kitchen; rent- J12. Apply at store. 515 Second.
GEARY. 4U— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; rearonable.
GF!ARY. 919— Bay-window front room, newly
{urn., with or without hskpng. ; also tourist.
HOWARD, 91o — Sunny suite for light house-
keeping; also others.
HOWARD. 10«l— 2 completely' furnished com-
fortable rms.; running water; J3: also others.
MINNA. 23 — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rocms; 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION. 1210— To let: furnished rooms for
housekeeping; complete; no children.
MISSION. 12T5— Three connecting rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
NICE furniture of a 7-room flat for sale or rent.
1150 Mission st.
NINTH. 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water; ?s month.
OAK. 12, near Market and Van Ness ave.— 2
sunny front housekeeping: rooms.
OAK. 113 — Sunny room furnished for house-
keeping, t*; 2 rooms, same. $10; 2 unfurn., J3.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Sunny front
and back parlors; folding beds_; gas siove; Jl$.
SIXTH. H?A — i connecting rooms with piano
and gas, furnished for housekeeping, 122 DO;
also other rooms. • .- . •: : ¦
SILVER. 163. near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen 1
furnished for housekeeping. 1
TURK, 727—2 unfurnished rocms and kitchen,
with stove. •
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping. »12 to J1S; also alnsle rooms for
: gentlemen, $3. $12 a month.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O9« Va-
lencla st.
ROO31S TO LET-Furn. «nd Lnt^T
A-BRL'XSwicK .HOUSE." " 143 Sixth-Room:
?? C^ to^ $1 pe J" nl f ht - Jl 25 to U per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rras.. suites, single; also unfurnished,
CLAY_1711— Furnished hall room; private fam-
EIOHTH. lOS-Sunny rooms. |1 25 to |2 50 p;r
ELLIS. 721—3 unfurnished sunny rooms; prtvata
family; no children; reasonable.
ELLIS S37-Sunny bay-window room fcr 1 or
2 gentlemen, with or without, board^prtv: fanx
FO^°,, M ' 965 ' cor - 6th < Th « OUverV- Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms. Blngle or suUe£ reasonbl
central location; reference given and re-
AV.^lii'p'o^s 0^ 16 - Cal1 or addre» A. E.
F we'ek T a J nd ,^~ N , lceIy fu ™*sbed rooms; U
weeKand,up; moderate; quiet.
__-______^^,^^u"^NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide ot
the day. the third , time column the third' tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three, tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
Unl'ed Stateg Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helzht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. . The plane of
reference Is the menn of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
.Shipping Intelligence.
The Rev. E. Nelander, pastor of the
First Lutheran Church , gave an interest-
Ing address last night on "Independence
Day's Lessons." It was a : grand " and
Day's Lessons." "It was a grand and
declared themselves free," he said. "And
now , that the sounds of celebration have
died away let us in the sacred stillness of
the Sabbath ponder over Its : lessons i ot
liberty. We are free/not: because/ we
made ourselves so. but because of the ef
forts of our, ancestry." -•¦¦•' ¦¦.;.'
Lessons on Liberty.
San v Francisco and vicinity— Fair .;. Monday;
fresh westerly winds with fog in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G.^McA DIE,
Forecast Official.
Arizona— Fair Monday
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. There has
been a rapid fall over Wyoming and Montana.
There are some Indications of a change in the
conditions which have prevailed over the Pa
cific Coast for the past week. .
An area^ofihlsrh pressure now over. Wash
ington will probably move rapidly southeast
ward. ' . '¦ ' . ' ¦ '
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 14 do
irrees over the northern half " of ,the ; Pacific
Coast. The temperatures of the great valleys
of, California continue. from S to 12 degrees
above ¦ the normal.
Rain Is ; beginning to fall over Northern
Washington. -,¦¦¦;- ..'¦'¦ ¦:¦• -: ¦ ,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hou— endinsr mldnleht. July 9. . 1900:
Northern ; California— Fair Monday; fresh
northerly, winds in. the interior; westerly winds
on the coast, ' with/- fog in the afternoon. '
- Southern California— Fair Monday: continued
warm -weather; fresh northwest wind. :¦
-¦-- Nevada— Cloudy j Monday In northern portion;
fair In southern portion. ;•
" Utah— Cloudy: cooler Monday.
FORECAST.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. July 8, 1900-5 p. m.
The following: maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka '¦ "..'.., 62 1 Red Bluff ...........100
Mount Tamalpais.... 82lSacramento ;... 3«
Independence 98 San Luis Oblspo.... 86
Fresno ............•••106 Ban Diego 70
Los Ang-eles «< ;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum 52: mean 60. : . . , ;,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
GRAND HOTEL.
E J Cram, Sta Cruz
J 0 Simms, Chico
H L Rogers, Boston
W H Fisher & w. Red
Bluft
Miss L Fatch, R Bluff
Miss H E Monroe, Prtl
Col TW Brooks, Ariz
C B Flege, Yuma,Ariz
A Togrilewitz & w.Tex
L M Davis. Mexico
C Teague, Fresno I
F M Conser.Wash.DC
J C Nource, Fresno
C H Harvey, Lo« Ang
G B McKee, San Jose
A de Rochebrune Jr.SJ
J M Farnum, Seattle
E J Little, Portland
A E Boynton, Orovlle
H E Yard ley & w.Sac
Dr F Kestler, Sacto
W W Baldwin. Los An
F W Tompklns, Mexco
F A Day. Los Ang
F Allen, Tacoma
J N BeFBe. King City
Mrs AT Stevens. Tex
D Kevane, Sacto
J R Roslyn, JST Y
W B Gester, Xewcastl
C L Crane. Haydn Hll
T Chase, Chicago
A L Hovey & w, L An
J MeLaehlan & w.Ldn
Mrs M McKlnney N Y
Miss J Smith. Jersey C
G J Owens, Cal
Mrs H Bergen & son.
Portland
C W Hayward & w,
Inverness !
W L Nuckolls. Uklah
H.M Nuckolls. Uklah
H Basford. Healdsbr*
C Hughes. Red Bluff
R A Stuart, Seattle
B E Condo & fm, Sac
J C Baxter, Los Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
R Heller. Stanford
8 W Friendly. Or
W T Balrd & w.Lakept
Miss A R Jackson, Lkpt
H C McPike. Oakland
C F Kretchner. N y
N Strauss, New York
O H HtLttzgor, L-Ang
M F Lander, Chicago
Mrs M Jud(te, Utah :
lss K Judee. Utah
W L Roberts, Rlversde
H E O'Brien. L Ang
H Ellin. USN
R A Abernathy. USN
Lt Capt Huntze. China
Mrs A M Gall. Jackson
F G Smith & w. Mich
F C Godfrey, Riverside
A T Woodlll. Riverside
Mrs Woodlll. Riverside
C R Grant. U S N
O W Steele. U S N
C A Arnold. U S N
W N Jeffries. U 8 N
L E Wright, U S N
B Wood. U S N
T Stoldthoff. I Sydney
W Waman. London
Lt H P Heese. U S N
R K Crank. U S N
E P Hay ward, USN
J. McLachlan. London
Mrs McLachlan. Londn
J Knaop. USN
*W H G Builard. USN
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Morrison. Hfliolulu
S P PovarchucTt. Sulsn
J Maloney, MarysvIIle
K Shay, Denver
A McKune, Fresno
J Westell. Chicago
R Salfor, Riverside
J M Mowry, San Dleffo
W Peterson, Modesto I
J Trlbbey. San Jose
L Sachs, Arizona
R C Small, Los Ant?
S M Snyder & w. III
R S Bishop, Salt Lake
C Baker, NY
J D Long, Col fax
H Dlxon, Redlands
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July S.-
A special to the Gazette from Glen Paxk.
Colo., says that Professor Dickson of
Washington University, St. Louis, was
thrown from his bicycle this morning
while descending a steep hill. His head
struck a bridge, causing a serious concus
sion of the braJn. •
Professor Dickson Injured.
ARRIVED.
. Sunday, JuIb 8.
Stmr State of California, Gage. 59^ •hour*
from Portland, and from Astoria 39V4 hours.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 64 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 43 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger. hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours from ,Moss
Landing-.
Stmr Bonlta. Nicolson, 76 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Strathsyle, Gordon. 44 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 30 days, via Honolulu 14
days, via San Diego 44 hours.
. Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 21 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. 24 hours from Point
Arena; bound south; put In on account of low
pressure connecting rod breaking.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. .7 days from Portland,
via Eureka 24 pours.
lir ship Beechb&nk, Buchanan. 41 days from
Santa Rosalia. - -
Bark Tidal Wave, Llebig, 5'J days from Ta
coma.
Fr bark Marechal Davout, Ogier, 145 days
from Swansea.
Schr Albion, hence this morning: for Coqullle
River, returned on account of carrying away
hfead^ear off the heads.
Schr Glendale, Falk, 6 days from Tacoma.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 9 hours from Fort
Ross. _
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, 7 days from
Port Ludlow.
SAILED.
Sunday, July 8.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Dle*o.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Casi>ar.
Schr V>'m Olsen, Hutman, "VVillapa Harbor.
Schr Manila. Knudsen. Port Gamble.
« Sc.ir North Bend, Jackson, .
Schr Honoipu. Olsen. Port Hadlock.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. Coos Bay.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Hansen, Sluelaw.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, Waldport.
Schr Coqullle. Anderson, Coquilie River.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Albion. Gudmansen. Cofjullle River.
Schr John F Miller. Hanson. Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN
Per Fr bark Marechal Davout— May 7, at 56 05
S. Ion 77 20 W, Br ship City of Glasgrow, from
Caleta Buena, for Queenstown.
.Per Br ship Beechbank — June 27, lat 33 IS N,
Ion 131 W, Ger ship Peru, from Chemainus. for
Hamburg. 1 .
TELEGRAPHIC.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
POINT LOBOS, • July 8. 10 p m— Weather
hajsy; wind SW, velocity 12 mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS. :# '
NOMB-Arrlved June 26— Stmrs Ohio and
Santa Ana. from Quarantine.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed July f— Stmr Port
land, for Unalaska.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived July 8 — Schr F
S Redneld. from Bristol Bay.
Passed July S— Stmr Centennial and stmr Chas
Nelson, for Seattle, from Nome.
EUREKA- Arrived July 8— Schr Jennie Wand,
htnee June 26.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 8— Schr Fannle
Adele. for Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July &-Stmr Tllla
mook. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 8 — Stmr Centennial,
from Dutch Harbor; stmr CKas Nelson, from
Dutch Harbor.
DUTCH HARBOR-Eailed July 1-Stmr Lak
me, for Seattle.
In port — U S stmrs Richard Rush and C P.
Patterson. Nor stmr Hero, stmr Brunswick.
U S stmrs McCulloch and Pathfinder. ' -
NFTW YORK— Arrived July 8— Stmr La Gas
cogrne, from Havre: stmr Helmrlc. from Liver
pool: stmr Staatendam. from Rotterdam; stmr
Falatla. from Movllle.
" Sailed July S— Stmr ; Kaiser "Wllhelm II, for
Naples and Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 8— Stmr Fried
erlch der Grosse. from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed July 8— Stmr Bervla,
from Liverpool, for New York.
Arrived July, 8 — Stmr Ivernia, from Boston,
for Liverpool, and proceeded.
MOVILLE— Arrived July 8— Stmr Tunlsan,
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 8— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu^
PITTSBURG, July 8.— Stewart Burns of
Engine Company No; 4, •who was taken
out of the wrecked Evans" building last
night, died at an early hour this morning,
making; the list of, the dead number five.
Captain Dan Campbell, also of No. 4. who
was thought last night to have suffered
the least Injury of any of those burned, is
to-night in a very critical condition, suf
fering internally. The paysicians consider
his chances of recovery very slight. The
other injured men are getting along nice
ly. All of the wounded men unite in say
ing that their rescue was little short of
miraculous. None expected to be taken
out alive. ,
Pittsburg, Passes Away.
ANOTHER FIREMAN DIES.
Stewart Bums, Wlio "Was Injured In
Percentage of United States Exports
Low, Although Other Countries
Are Well Represented.
"WASHINGTON, July S.-— The Division of
Customs and Insular Affairs of the War
Department made public to-day an in
teresting statement chowing the total
Imports at the port of Manila, F. I., for
the calendar y«ar 1S99.
Merchandise to the value of J17.450.412
was imported during the year, which,
with $109,965 In gold and $1,441,392 In sil
ver coin, brings the total importations for
1S99 to $18,701,469. Of this amount $1,887,090
worth entered free of duty. All exports
of merchandise were brought In foreign
vessels and entered for immediate con
sumption. The total amount of import
duty, collected was $3,C04,090.
The imports by countries show:
From China. $6,796,769; England, $3,102,
72S; Spain, $2,624,879; United Htates, $1,350,
364; British East Indies, $1,219,502.
The imports of gold coin were $52,520
from the . British Kast Indies and $75,423
from China.
The imports of silver coin were $422,840
from the British East Indies and $718,557
from Hongkong'.
The statement also gives a classified de
tail of imports of merchandise. In many
instances the percentage of the various
articles coming from the United States
was very low indeed. In a- great .many,
cases the United States exports were not
represented at all.
TOTAL IMPORTS FOR
THE YEAR AT MANILA
Joseflna and Thorwald Hansen to Amanda S.
Stone, lot i and W \i of lot 2, J)lock 9. North
Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Moses Samuel to Fritz Waggerhauser. lot 37.
block F. and lot 22, block E, Stanford Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $200.
Frits Waggerhauser to E. F. Waggerhauser,
same Brooklyn Township; $10.
Carl and Franzlska "Metis to Charles A.
Bailey, lot on W. line of Tenth street. 139.73 8
of Graypon, S 20. SW 130.09, N 24.88. E 130, to
beginning, portion of lot 1. block 177, Grayson
Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Julius C. Reis and Moses J. Frank to^ Joseph
Xaphtaly. all interest in following: - Lot 6,
block 7, lots '13 to 24, block 35, Town of San
Antonio. East Oakland; lots 15 to 1«, block 62,
lot 15. block 18. lots 5. 16, 17 and IS. block 16,
lots 2 and 3. block 14. lots 7 to IS. block 46. San
Antonio East Oakland: lota 1 to 6. block 25,
same, East Oakland; entire block 58. same,
East Oakland; rear portions of blocks 1
to 4, beginning at a line drawn parallel with
Washingron or East Twelfth street. 50 S from
S line of Washington street, and extending 60
SW from S line of Washington or East Twelfth
street Into what is known as San Antonio Bay,
Ean Oakland; lot beginning at SE corner of lot
9. block 60. thence SE 37:6 by NE 300, same.
East Oakland; lot beginning at SW <somer of
lot 9, block 61. San Antonio. SB 37:6 by NE 300.
East Oakland; lot beginning at SE corner of
lot 9 block €2. San Antonio. SE 37:6 by NE
300 EaEt Oakland; lot beginning at SE corner
of lot 9 block 63. San Antonio, SE 37:6 $y NE
30. East Oakland: lot beginning at SE corner of
lot 9 block 64, San Antonio, SE 37:6 by NE 300.
East Oakland; lot beginning at SE corner of lot
9. block €5, San Antonio. SE 37:6 by NE 300,
East Oakland: lot beginning at SE corner of lot
9 block 66, San Antonio. SE 37:6 by NE 300.
East Oakland: lot 7. block 15, lot 7. block 3. lot
3 block 2, lot 7, block 1. San Antonio, quitclaim
deed. East Oakland; $5.
Mary L. McMurray (single) to Eliza G. Dar
gle (widow), lot on W line of Magnolia street.
235:6 S of Fifth. S 21 by W 65, being portion of
lot 37, block 476. Briggs Tract, Map 2, Oakland;
D E Martin to John A. Britton, all Interest
in lot on W line of Clay street. 36 N of Thlr
! teenth N 64 by W 100. being lots 19 and 20 and
1 N 14 feet of lot 21 and- N" 64 feet of lot 23, block
1S8 Oakland; $10. •
Same to same, all interest in lot on N line of
Thirteenth street. 100 W of Clay, W 50 by N
100 being lots 24 and 2",, block 1SS. Oakland; $10.
Edward P. Flint to Oakland Paving Company.
lot on SE line of Walsworth avenue. 220.S7 NE
of Pearl street, NE 32.24, SE 112.50, SW>30. NE
103.01. to beginning, being lot 7. block G on
map of resubdivlslon of blocks G and H, Flint
Tract, Oakland; $10. m
James M. Haven to president and board of
trustees of the Pacific Theological Seminary,
lot on E line of Market street. 40 N of Thir
tieth N 60 by E 115, being lot 24 and portion
of lot 23. block 2033. Rowland Tract. Oakland;
Building Co. of San Francisco to H.
T McCarter lot 41. Map of Forest Park Tract,
'crosby. the W 117 feet of
lot 10. map of same. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Lewis Sawyer to Mrs. F. W. Sawyer, lot 18,
block F. Amended Map Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $100. ¦'¦ : * .
William F. Bums to Louisa C. Burns, lot on
V line of Santa Clara avenue. 176:2 W of Pearl
Btreet. W 31:2 by X 145:9, Alameda; gift.
Frances C. and F. D. Myers to Theodore J.
Lamoureaux, lot on NW corner of Magnolia
and Twelfth streets, N 118.50 by W 80, block
575. Oakland: $10. •
Moritz A. Rose to Rcslna Rose, lot on NW
comer of Dover and Stanley streets. N 60 W
12S 43 8 CO. E to beginning, being lot 5. block
I Brumagin tract, lying W. or Shattuck ave
nue. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $1.
James A. and Mary M. Macomber to John
L. SumBide. lot o/ B "necf Thirty-ninth
street, 216 E of West. E 53, S 122-52. \J 63. N
12MS. to beginning, being lots 14 and 15,. block
D. Major Given tract, Oakland; $10.
John L. and Nellie M. Burnslde to James
A Macomber. lot on SW line of E Twenty
second street. 144 :SH SE of Twenty-fourth ave
nue SE 50 by SW 150, block N, subdivision 50
Associates tract. East Oakland; $10. , .
Thomas M. and Josephine H. O'Halloran and
J C. McMullen <by J. B. Lanktree. commis
sioner) to Oakland Building and Loan Asso
ciation, lot on N line of Twentieth street.
22S:Ui W of Twenty-third avenue. N -150 by
W 30? Hock D. same. East Oakland; $1249.
J E. and Arthusa Ewald to Seneca Gale, lot
on E line of Choate street. 155 N of Bancroft
way, N 35 by E 120, subject to deed of trust,
Berkeley * $10.
Anna Renwick to Minnie Roane. lot on W
line of C'.eveland avenue, 225 S of Twelfth
street S 75 by W 120. being lot 17 and portion
of lot 18. block L, Huntington Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. y*i ¦ ¦
John: I), and Anita B. McKeeto Oonre R.
Warren, lot on N line of Tallant street; 321:4%
V.' of Fruitvale avenue. W 10 by N 147:6. por
tion of Tallant. Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Arthur R. Uriggs to Vivian P. Vandercook
(wife of E. P). lot on W, line of Orange ave
nue. 100 S of East Twenty-seventh utreet. S 100
by W 150. being lots 22 and 23. block 1. Blasdel
Tract. Map 2, Brooklyn Township; also lot on
E line of Orange avenue. 200 N of East Twen
ty-F.ixth street, N 100 by E 120. being lots 5 and
6. block 4. Blasdel Tract, Map 3, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Joseph and Kate Lewis to John G. Mattheis,
lot on W line of Chestnut street, 105 9 of Pa
cific avenue, S 45. W 108. N 40. E 72. N 5. E 36
to beglnniner, quitclaim deed, • Alameda; $10.
Alameda County.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to Louis Zal
bert,'lot on E line or Crane street. 125 N of
Salinas. N 25 by E 100, block 4, Garden Tract
Homestead; ?10.
Olive Verkouteren to John and Mary Sher
man, lot on NE corner of Hale and Merrill
streets. N 75 by E 75. block 8, People's Home
stead Association; $10. v
James Hynes to Michael J. and Mary Gar
rety, lot on NE corner of Broad and Mareneo
streets. E 25 by N 125, block K, Railroad Home
stead Association: $10.
Edward L. Montgomery to Elizabeth Ewald,
lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 225 S of P
street,, S 75 by W 120; also lot on E line of
Tenth avenue, 200 9? of I street, N 25 by E 120;
$10.
Union Trust Co. of San Francisco to Alois
Kucera. lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 100 S
of N street. S 25 by E 120; also lot on S line of
N street. 32:6 W of Tenth avenue, W 25 by S
100; $10.
Daisy A. Witham tLaughlin) to D. Keefe.
lot on W line of Seventh avenue. 300 N of Lake
street. N 25 by W 114; $10.
Frank H. Woods to F. H. Davis, lot on NE
line of Beale street. 183:4 NW of Folsom, NW
45:10 by NE 137:6; $10.
Mary E. Farnsworth to William J. Campbell,
lot on NW line of Laurel place. 200 SW of
First street. SW 25 by NW 90; $10.
Charles L. and Annie S. Taylor to Margaret
Lvnch. lot on S line of Bush street, 110 W of
Powell. W 27:« by S 1*7:6; 519.
Louis B. Hetty to Louise. C. Hetty, lot on
N line of Eddy street, 49:2 W of Scott. W 4S:4
by N 91:8; also lot on W line of Lott street. 50
S of Grove. S 25 by E 100; also lot on E line
of Ashbury street, 175 N of Fell. N 47:3, SE
ISO. S 50, W 75, N 37:6, W 10.1:3; also lot on
SW line of Nineteenth avenue, 75 SE of I
street. SE 150 by SW 100. block 390, South San
Francisco Homestead, etc, ; also lot on E line
of Ashbury street, 50 S of Hayes, E 131:3. S
29:5>*. NE to Aehbury, thence 2:9 to beginning;
gift.
E. A. Cate to H. R. Cate. all interest In lot
on W line of Lott street, 83:6 N of Fulton, N
27 by W CS:9; $10.
II. R. Cate to Elize E. Cate, undivided 1-3
interest in game; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Robert
R. Hind, lot on E line of Gough street, 55 S
of Green, S 29 by E 100; $ .
John Layng to Sarah Layng, lot on S line
of Fell street. 137:6 W ~* Buchanan. W S5
to S 120; also lot on S line of Fell street, 110 W
Of Buchanan. W 27:6 by S 120; gift.
George W. Hatman to Mary J. Hatmaa, lot
on S line of Filbert street, 155:0% W of Frank
lin. W 149:0*4 by S 137:6; aift.
Georze W. and Mary J. Hatman to Frank
C. Hatman, lot on S line of Filbert street.
130:0*; W of Franklin, W 25 by S 137:6; sift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The insurgents are slowly accepting the
amnesty provisions. In some instances the
Americans are suspending operations in
order to give the rebels an opportunity
to take advantage of the decree.
Inline Antigua province ' of Panay a
running fight of three hours' duration re
sulted in the killing or wounding of sev
enty of the enemy. There were no cas
ualties among the Americans. . ,
The enemy . ambushed a wagon train
between Indang and Nalc. The Third
Infantry lost nine men while on an ex
pedition to punish the Ladrones In the
delta of the Rio Grande.
MANILA, July 8.— The past week's
scouting in- Luzon resulted in eleven
Americans being killed and sixteen wound
ed. One hundred and sixty Filipinos were
killed during the week and eight Ameri
cans who had been prisoners In the hands
of the rebels were surrendered and a hun
dred rifles turned over to the United
States officials. . "V
ly Accepted, and in Some In
stances Operations Are
Suspended. \
- »
Amnesty Provisions Are Being Slow-
Eleven American Soldiers
Killed and Sixteen
Wounded,
CASUALTIES OF
A WEEK IN THE
PHILIPPINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. MONDAY, JULY 9, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and HeiKhts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, " entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
_ MONDAY. JULY 9.
Sun rises 4:53
Sun sets 7:34
Moon setF 2:02 a. m.
9
O Time Time Time Time
" Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L. W H W L, W 1H W
9 ... 3:07 -0.1 10:23 4.0 2:15 ~il 8:26 ' S.'t
10 ... 3:48—0.4 11:07 4.4 3:12 3.2 9:14 6.9
11 ... 4:30—0.7 11:48 4.6 4:05 3.1 10:03 5.9
12... 5:11—0.8 12:25 4.8 4:57 2.9 10:55 5.8
13 ... 5:52—0.7 1:04 6.0 6:50 2.7 11:49 6.6
14 ... 6:31 —0.4 1:40 5.1 6:45 2.4
• H W L W H W L, -SV
15 ... 0:45 5.4 7:14 0.0 2:17 5.4 7:45 2.1
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. I Pier.
W. Kruger. Tlllamook July 8, 7am|Pler 2
Eureka iHumboldt July 9, 2 pm Pier 13
Acapulco ..IN. Y. v Pan.. July 9. 1! m PMSS
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena.. July 9, 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle July 10, 5 pnnFler 8
Nip. Maru. China* Japan July 10, 1 pm PMSS
UmatiHa .. Vic & Pgt Sd. July 10, 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport July 10, 9 am Pier 11
Nomp City.lCape Nome.... July 10. 2 pmlPler 34
St. Paul Cape Nome.... July 11, 2 pm]Pler Zi
Moana Australia July 11, 8 pmlPler 7
Del Norte.. Portland July 11. S am Pier 24
Orizaba ... Humboldt July 12, I pm Pier 9
.Santa Rosa. San Diego July 12. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt July 12, 9 am Pier 3
State of Cal Portland July 12, 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay July 13. 12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport July 14. 9 amjp ter 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Newport New York July 9
Empire Coos Bay July 9
Tellus Qyster Harbor July 9
North Pork ...IHumboldt July 9
Santa Rosa jSan Dieco ." July 10
Orizaba . Humboldt July 10
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 11
Universe Oyster Harbor July 11
Willamette Seattle „.. July 12
Slam Oyster Harbor „ July 12
Crescent City... Crescent City July 12
Coos Bay Newport July It
Newburgr Grays Harbor .-.. July 12
Coquille River. Grays Harbor July 13
Corona San Diego July 14
Columbia Portland , [July 14
O Time Time Time Time
" Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L. W H W L, W 1H W
9 ... 3:07 -0.1 10:23 4.0 2:15 ~il 8:26 ' S.'t
10 ... 3:48—0.4 11:07 4.4 3:12 3.2 9:14 6.9
11 ... 4:30—0.7 11:48 4.6 4:05 3.1 10:03 5.9
12... 5:11—0.8 12:25 4.8 4:57 2.9 10:55 5.8
13 ... 5:52—0.7 1:04 6.0 6:50 2.7 11:49 6.6
14 ... 6:31 —0.4 1:40 5.1 6:45 2.4
• H W L W H W L, -SV
15 ... 0:45 5.4 7:14 0.0 2:17 5.4 7:45 2.1
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. I Pier.
W. Kruger. Tlllamook July 8, 7am|Pler 2
Eureka iHumboldt July 9, 2 pm Pier 13
Acapulco ..IN. Y. v Pan.. July 9. 1! m PMSS
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena.. July 9, 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle July 10, 5 pnnFler 8
Nip. Maru. China* Japan July 10, 1 pm PMSS
UmatiHa .. Vic & Pgt Sd. July 10, 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport July 10, 9 am Pier 11
Nomp City.lCape Nome.... July 10. 2 pmlPler 34
St. Paul Cape Nome.... July 11, 2 pm]Pler Zi
Moana Australia July 11, 8 pmlPler 7
Del Norte.. Portland July 11. S am Pier 24
Orizaba ... Humboldt July 12, I pm Pier 9
.Santa Rosa. San Diego July 12. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt July 12, 9 am Pier 3
State of Cal Portland July 12, 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay July 13. 12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport July 14. 9 amjp ter 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Newport New York July 9
Empire Coos Bay July 9
Tellus Qyster Harbor July 9
North Pork ...IHumboldt July 9
Santa Rosa jSan Dieco ." July 10
Orizaba . Humboldt July 10
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 11
Universe Oyster Harbor July 11
Willamette Seattle „.. July 12
Slam Oyster Harbor „ July 12
Crescent City... Crescent City July 12
Coos Bay Newport July It
Newburgr Grays Harbor .-.. July 12
Coquille River. Grays Harbor July 13
Corona San Diego July 14
Columbia Portland , [July 14
In all Spain there are only 3230 children
in the Sunday schools. v
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANY
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation,, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
is $30 The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICArTllNE.'
KIT TORS. B0UT1AMPT0N. LOKDOIT. PAKia.
Stqpptng at Cherbourg:, I westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York........ July lljSt. Louis July 25
St. Paul ....July lS'New York August 8
' RED STA.^ LINi.
new Yorl^ orjd Ar»twer-».
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland ......July lllSouthwark ......July 25
Frlesland .......July lSlWesternland :.Au£uat 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
¦ 30 Monteomery street. ' -
EMPIRE LINE,
: S. 8. "OHIO" from 8eattle to Nome ahd SL
Michael. May 24. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St Michael and Yukon River
points. June 30, July SI, August 30. For rates
end other information applyto -• :-¦•"¦
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montsomery street.
00MPAONIE QENEBALE TBANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Salllnff every Thursday instead of <Tf^t_« "
'¦'.. Saturday, from November 2,'U39. at
1# a.m.. from Pier 42. North' Rlrer. foot of
Morton st. LA LORRAINE. July 12: LA BRE-
TAGNE. July 19; LA CHAMPAGNE, July 2«:
LA TOURAINE,. August 2. First class to
Havre. Ml 50 ahd upward. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upw*rd: 5 per vent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL- AGENCY - FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way -(Hudson Building).' New York. J F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. • " " TtrfTfW MHIIll
OCEANIC S. 8. CO^HONOLUtC, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S." MOAN A (via Honolulu), to New Zea-
- land and Australia. .'..Wed..: July 11. 8 p. m.
S.S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).........., ¦
* ¦ ....I.:..;.. . . . .. Wednesday. July. , 25." 2 p.' m.
I D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arts.. 1 14 Montgomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Oflice.327 Market St
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagran & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
123? Market st., between Bth and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
/^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|Hr*iJn}t^A!n 1H.VI tor the treatment of Private
|2 B i_fii r i£ar Diseases, Lost MankwM-a Debility or
I^Cw? 3 fS>% riiseaxe^'eartnKOii bo«iyancl mindttttd
wJ^Kf^iti DUPaseaL i'hf rlociorcureswhf n
tners fati. Try him. Charge* low.
SS»_Sti^_S <'nrs>«eu«r*nl4».f1. Ca!lorwrl:«
Or. J. *'- UlBBON. Box 1937. Saa FrascUca
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AUCTION, SALES
AUCTION SALE!
THIS DAY. *™"
Monday. July 9. at 11 o'clock at Switzer's
Stock Yards. Twelfth and Harrison sts.. of
Horses, broken and unbroken. Included in this
Fale Is one handsomely matched pair of blacks.
16 hands high, G and 7 years, old, pacers, well
broken: also one bay team roadsters and sev-
eral fine, gentle driving horses. As we Intend
to hold regular sales every Monday at ¦ 11
o'clock we will positively guarantee every horse
to be as represented or money refunded. GEO.
¦SWITZER. -Proprietor. 3. W ATKINS. Auc-
tioneer.
fe AUCTION SALE £*
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY, July 10, 1 o'clock, J. D. HORAN*S
STOCK YARD, Tenth and Bryant sts.,
4O HORSES.
S. WATKIXS, Auctioneer.
SALE! $^
40 HEAD GENTLE AND WELL BROKEN
HORSES from the country. Also some city
broke horses suitable for light delivery wagons-
No culls or wornout horses among: them. .
REMEMBEK— The highest bidder gets the
horses.
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY, July 10 at 11 a. ra .
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-7" HOWARD ST.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Kh-Ndme
.*. DIRECT.
• - The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
WILL SAIL FROM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
OK OR ABOUT
JULY 8, AUGUST 6, SEPT. 6
Pasengers are advised to inspect the Senator
before purchasing tickets via other steamers,
as her second-class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Nome. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been running its steamers to Alaska— winter
and summer — for 25 years and Is the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further information
inquire of H. H. LLOYD, Ocean Dock, Seattle,
Wash.: N. POSTON", 249 Washington St., Port-
land. Or.; W. PARRIS. 12* West Second st..
Los Angeles, Cal.: GOODALL, PERKINS &.
CO.. Gen. Agts., 10 Market st. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 New Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ i Steamers leave Broadway
Ihv wharf, San Francisco:
|7^i«_^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m ..
K*SWaj» July 10. 15. 20. 23. 30. August
ISfiJ^SSjBk. 4. Changre to company's steam-
ilkJ&ISxPiil ers at Seattle.
MSKv£_3 V*= For Victoria, Vancouver (R
Ftf£«3CLeKSiv C). Port Townsend, Spattle,
f^^H^E!j£23J Tacoma. K%-er«"tt. Anacortes
*' and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July. 10, 15, 20, 23.
30, August 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.; at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July
7, 12. 17, 22. 27, August 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crui. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San LuU Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m., July 8. 10, 14, IS. 22. 26, 30, August
I. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego. stoDDlnif only at Port Har-
ford (San Lola Oblspo>. Santa Barbara. Fort
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— II a.
m.. July 8. 12, 1(5. 20. 24, 28, August L and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. va.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POP^TLAISTD
From Spear-street Wnar: it 11 a. m.
CADC S' 2 Mrst Class including BertS
rHnt $S Second Clasi . and JV.eals.
STATE OK CALIFORNIA sails
...'. July 12. 22. Aug. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27, Aug. «
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points tn the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st,
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE AlASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR "•
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast. Al new passenger steamer.
S. S. NOME CITY,
1600 torn register,-- .
ABOUT JULY lOth.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSON
• and all TUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA" EXFLORATIOH CO,
1 39 POST ST.
TOYO KKEN KAISB1
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m.,—
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing-
S3. NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU ,
; Friday. August 3. WOO
BS. HONGKONG MARU
"Wednesday. August 29, 1900
• '¦ Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First- ¦
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO. .
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at J:43
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ni*ht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main :S08.
FARE .....'. Me
I. - RATLBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. ,
Commencing April 22, 1309.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V-ALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WBEK DAYS— 7:00. *8:»0, »:30. 11:» a. a.:
12:45, *l:«. »:16. 4:15, "5:15 «:1S. C:«0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:55 p. ra. --
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •8:C0, •»:<». n»:00. 11:00. U:3»
a. m .: 12:45. "1:30. *:J0. •J:45. 6:00, «:0O. 1:t»
p. m. ¦
11:00 a- m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. ¦¦"-
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAJ* RAFAEL TO 8AM . FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. *«:30. 7:50. 8:40. »10:15 a.
m.; 11:30. 1:15. 2:15. "3:30. 4:20, S:SO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at '6:45 and 10:19 p. m.
8UNDAY8-«:13. n:0O. •»:». •U:Wa. m.: 12:0a
m.: 1:00. 2:1$. 'f.30. 4:30. «:45, J:10. 1S:M
p. m.' "
Trains marked (•) start from San 1 Quentia.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:52. «:4S. 8:00. J:55. 10:i0 a,
m.: »:*». 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. —_
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WeduestUrs
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:S5. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; W.1L,
1:10. 1:30. 8:45. 4:55. «:15, 7:C5. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH XRAINa
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions,
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . •
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyss and way stations.
1:00 a. m. ¦ Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .
-12:45 'p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
•tatlons^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SI. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACiRS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibm-on Perry, Foot of Market St
SAN FTIAXCI8CO TO SA2i RAFAEL.
*WELK DATS— 7 J». »^0. U:00 a. m.; 13:33.
1:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. ra. Tcundajra— Extra trip
at 11:29 o. m. Saturdays*— Eat ra trips at l.W
and 11:30 d. m.
BUN DATS— 8:00. 9:10. 11:00 a. m .: l:S0. S:3«w
trt». «:JO o. m ¦ ~ ~
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANOSCX).
WEEK DAY8-4:10. 7:5ft. 9:», U:10 a. m.; 12:«L
t:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips fci
1:56 and «:25 p. m.
BUXDAT3- 8:W. S:M. 11:10 a- m.; 1:40. l:«a.
1:03. i:25 p. m.
Betwwn Ean Francisco and Echuotzea Park
same schedule as above.
Leava 1 In Effect. I ' AttItw
Ban Franclaeo. |Apr. 13. 1900.1 San Franclsox
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week T
Daya. ( daya. f Degtlnatlon.] days. 1 Days.
T:30am 8:00 »m NovatOw 10:40 am] »:40 ant
t:30pm 9:30 arn Petalum*. S:05 pm'10:J5 a— i
i:10pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pmj 1:30 yax
FBlton.
T.-30 am Windsor. * W:a aaa
g Healdabursr.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
8:30 pm S^Oam Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pra
T:«0 ami I Hopland I 110:23 am
t:«0 pm| 8:00 am! and Ukiah. | T:S5 pml 8:g> pra
T:30 am 10:3San»
1:00 am Ouernerllle. 7:3S pm
l:»pm «:Wpn»
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. 9:13 am 8:40 ant
i and
1:13 pm S:C0pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pra 6:20 pra
1:30 am! 8:00 ami !l0:«0 am!10:23 am
»:20 pm! 5:C0 cm I Sebastcpol. 1 7:SS pm| «:20 pa
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Fprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruna: ot Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Ska&ca Sprir.es: at Cloverdal»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprtnars. KelseyrUle. Carls-
bad Springs. 8oda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartlett
Eprin—: at UTcUh for Vichy Sprirja. Saratoga
gprinys. Blue L "ces. Laurel D-ll Lake. Witter
8r*lnK3. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
Jonn Day's, Rivernide. Llerle-v*». BncknelVs.
Eanhe/ tn Hefshta. Hum-in*. Orr'» Il^t
Eprinsrs. Slendoclno City. Fort Brayr. West-
port. Usal. Willits. Layton-.-llle, Curr mtrs.
Bell's \ Sprinxrs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 450 Market st.. Chronicle b'.dg.
H. C. W H1TIXC R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Axant.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC 3AILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
¦WEEK DATS. .9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:13 p. — .
SUNDAYS... .8. 9. 10. 11 a. m .. 1:30. 2:20 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, Jl 40.
NEW TAVERN* OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
8TADLES TO LET.
FTABLE S Ftallf suitable for exrress or milk
«l«'r> rv t: rr.or.ihg r>-nt frt-**; rhpap. 2630 Mlsgion.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE !s hereby given that th? Maria Kip
Orphanage of f.20 I. -.r - at.. San Francisco, has
received the followinr orphan, half-orphan
and abandoned pirls from March 21 to June
13. 19W: Marrietta K. McKrwen, 4 years <S
monit.?; Farah C Mc<?arthy. IS years 8
months; Mary E. McCarthy. 19 years 5
irionths; Esther H. Snyders, 1 year 4
months: Emma E. 'Fisher. 11 years 6 months;
Hertha C FiFfcer. 7 years 2 months.
ROOMS r*r*>red from $3: whitened. SI up;
painting "lone. Hartman Paint Co.. 219 Third.
BAP tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION*
<~n . 41' M^n'eomerT *t. mom* 9-1": ft. SS80.
SEWIXG MACHINES AM> SL'rPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plair.beck. 1S15 Mission, nr. 11th.
ALL kinds boupht. told, exchanged, rented;
rTflrre st Ir-wpst ratpn. 2<5S Fourth st. .
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSOS BROS., storage and mo\-tn£; covered
vans. T»rith and Market; phone South 7€2.
PACIFIC Storape and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 1320 FlUmore ft.: phone Jackson 2S1.
BnKIN'F Van s»n<1 Fteragre Co.. T22 Mission St..
t*l Main 1*4" — Packing, movim? and storaife.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAIN'S IX TTPEWRITERS^wi
eeil better machines for le!=s money than any
hcuse in the city; rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Kxrhancc. Z2Z California, telephone Main 268.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. , i
ALAMCDA REAL ESTATE.
IF you want to buy elegant new house of E
rooms and basement call at 1323 Recent st,
Alumpfla.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2*y>— NEW, modern hcuse of 6 rooms, bath-
room and laundry; hardwood finish; 1 block
from university and Berkeley station. See
<twr»r at 3811 Addigon pt.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A VERT PHETTY HOME.
tl( per month; «*oiy new E-roomed cottare-
all modern; lot £0x164 fe^t; elevated ground*
r<-ar Fruitvale ave.; total price only J1500-
cash or ln«tallrn»>nts.
GEO. XV. AT'STIN & CO
10C8 Broadway. Oakland.
PRICE T^iOO— COST J3000.
NVw home of € rooms, bath, conservatory
l>aa*mpnt and all improvements; lot 50x140 feet
fnote the riaw). with open lawr, prav<-l drive-
war, fctone walks. Rood, substantial bain fruit
trees, etc. ; occupied by a tenant; owner is
away; nicest locality, near Orove street; all
err**t work dcn<-; a repular home place'; ali
In grxvj condition: no euoh other bargain to
be had: look into this at once if you want to
buy; no morteaRe on the place; price reduced
for a quick cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers.
1C0S Brr.edway. Oakland.
Telephone Red 66G.
HEKE IB A SNAP— Owner leaves thisTweek;
fine new modern, up-to-date cottage of four
fine room?, bathroom, pantry with sink in
pantry. t»ttt*»nt toilet, laundry. Xarjfe flne
porch; north side of rtreet and large lot; only
4 minute* lo Golden Gate Ftatlcn on the
Ilerkr-ky local; will te sold for fliO down, bal-
*n i% e ir.onthly payments: ail complete, ready to
move; total r-ofct only $1350.
Must be fo1<1 by V.'edn'-F'lay of this —eek.
JAF. S. NAISMITH. <r,2 Ninth et.
OAKLAND I'lIIMMIi:!) HOUSES.
?-" I'ER mnnih: cozy cottaffe of 5 rooms, com-
pletely furnishf-d. in centr?.!' location.
JCO — Furnished hoaie of 9 rooms on Piedmont
av^nuf.
f7ft_ j-u-eant furnished houpo of 10 rooms: cen-
tral locetl'jn; fine jrrounds: ha* rented for $125.
«RO. W; AUSTIN & CO.,
Real Estate nn<i Hout>e Brokers.
lO^S Broadway. Oakland.
< OAKI.IM) .KCIt.VITL'KI-: POK SALl3.
AN lntrodurtion to you from H. Schelfhaas. th«
furniture dealer, nth and Franklin. Oakland.
I'ROPOPALS for aparejos— Depot Quartermas-
ter'« office, '46 New Montgomery *trt»et, San
FranciFco, Cal-. July 5. IH00. Sealed proposals.
In duplicate, will be received at this office un-
til jl oVlock a. m.. Jnly 21. 1<K», Pacific
FtanJard Uiae, and then opened for furnish-
ing 'z'J> apanjos complete, and extra parts.
Preference will be clvcn to articles of domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality being equal (including in
the price of forelm production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such prelerrnoe
w!'l he Riven to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coaft to th<» extent of the consumption re-
} <jujred liy the*public een-ice there. The United
f States reserve* the right to accept or reject
any <r all proposals or any part thereof.
Information and blanks for proposals, will
b* furnished on application. Bnvelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
posals for Aparejns. No. K67." and addressed
t? Major OSCAJl F. LONG, Quartermaster
U. 6. Vols.. l>j>ot Quartermaster.
BAILEOAD TRAVEL.
sawBBna r*n»ic cdKran*
tv«oino »Y«T>ai.> '
Train* ¦•*»«• •»¦•«« •»••«• .in. *• «rrl*» «M
MAN rK4>«:i.H«'O.
plain Line. Foot of ttaxtet St:e«l)
lcavx — Faou Mat 13. 190O. — min
¦7:00a Benicia, Suituu, Etmixa. Y»s»tiU#,
Kuuinj *w ."ncriiiirsM *7il3»
•7:00* ShMt* Exordia— DiiU Williams (for
Bartlett SpnngiX WUkivs. Hod
Biult. Fortlaini. -Til3»
>7>3OX SI anitiM. Sau U.vnt>». ValUju, Nap*.
t_V:.«t i* :<ml -Unt» Ku»t *«J:J.lp
•»:UO» DiTis, \\.».d!»iid. Knight* Lsndia?.
MirrsviUe. oro.iUi. •7:I3»
•"»!O»» Atlantic Kxi>reta- Ojdeu and Eut *11:13«
•».;ti»* ru:. Jos«. Li'ermot*. MtockSou,
lone. Mvrammito. PlacerrUls.
U>r;»i!K Chico. Ke.! Hint' *Sil.1r
•A:3Oa Oak<l»l<>. Chin no (for Yuaemttc).
Bounr-k. Carters. Msl.iy
•0:90* Uay «-.!.!>. Nilrsand W»r KUtions. •! 1:43*
•9:00* Lcs Anrsles Express — Martina*.
Trmey. Latbrop. tkiocktoo. Merced
»nd Presuo 'U>t5r
. *9:ao* V*u,.j... MaHinex >nl Wty .Station* *At4.1r
• IO:oo« The OtoiUnd Limited— Ogdea. Dwt-
ter, Omaha. Chicaca •3:S.1p
•lli*«* Nilea, !.:»*n.M,re, atoekton. flacra-
o>en» Msndcta. Uaulord. Vlsalia.
• ron»f*il!« .-... •IM1*
»I9:««m IlaTVtrd*. Nliea and \V»» Stations. *»:4*r
tl:O«r Stcrimeuto Ul»er Str»iurr« w f3:0it*
•;i:<»ur Hajwarda. NUes and Way Station*. •StAS*
•4.:O» r Martiuex, Han Kiuuou, VuUoJo.
Ni|>*. l,'alifi>K». Siu-.ta II.-- « •Utia*
*4i«ur Benici*. Winter*. HasrameaMi
WooillmuU. Knithta LvaUUg.
M»rT«tU!«. Onwili* •IO:4S*
•4>SOr NUes. 8an J<xM»id Stockton *?iia»
•3i»«rThtj Owl Limited— Truer. Fresno.
BakerBOald, MaufUi for Santa Bat-
bars, Los Anisic*. **>49*,
•SiOOp frenuo Passenger— Mirtine*. Lath.
• ¦ - rop, Stockton. Mercett, Bcreada
(lUjmond (or YoaemiMO. IfxtMuo.. *I3iISs>
•SiSOrVew Jrieaot Express- lUkerstWIO.
Hauta Barbara. Lua Aai«le*. Ueus*
luf. El Fuo. Me* Oxleaus and
K*it •i.«3*
•StSOr Haute Pn IJixito— AtUulIc Eiprew
for Mojai* ami Kan* *ail3y
*«io«p Harw&rds. JJilei »o4 .-tan Jo*» »7: la*
tO:Ot»r Vallelo Mail 9?
•8. oo i- oriental Mill- OgJen. Cneyena*.
Omaha. Chicago Mli-«»*
••:«or Oriental Malt— Ogd«n, D«aTer.
Omaha. Chicago. MilSt
t?rOOr Vallrjti. Port CoiU and Way Sta-
tion* t» »»*»
•lltlr Oregou and California Ki*nM..Sw
ramauto, Marjatille, lU-Miug,
I'nrtUn.l. I'.ift .S..,., ,1 >,,,t K«»t *»4l»a
COAST D1TIMO3 (Narian (.«>«•).
(foot of Mirkft Street.!
J7»Ma Santa Cnu Excursion for Santa
Cruz ami Principal W»r SUtiooa S»i»*f
*Sil9* M •wajk,CoaUTTiile,,'S»n.lo*e. Triton,
Boulder Cre«k.gauts Cnu aod Way
HUtlon.n ««s»»»
I3>l3r Newark. Cautsrf ills. San Jusa, Mmr
Alm»d«o. r«ttoc. Boaldsr Cr»ek.
BaoU Cms ami 1'iincipa.l W»»
Sutions..... t •«»>•"»•*
•4:ISr Newark. Man Joaa. Las Gatos *•)>•">•*
«4» l»r Olenwood. FMton, Santa Cnu a-iiiX**,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnain rtiieuco— r*ot *r t,n,i sunmsui si—
•7:18 900 1100*. m. |l:Sa *J:C: t3:S8
*t:00 t3:S0 *6:03r.-.
riimOlIUXB— fnl.r3ro.«w.r.— "BOO 8:00 10:00*.*.
113:03 '1:03 »:C3 «3:C3 ti:C3 "103rja.
COAST DlttKlafl (irrom.Mixmf).
(Third m»d To»»it»et.«> Sta.)
f4)slo* Oeaau Vtoar. South Kin rrandaeo.. t«Jt**»
t?iO«* Ban Jots ami Wxy Sutluim (New
Almadeu Vi-h.e^U,* »nl»> «li»O»
f7xX0* 8anday Excursion for San Joml
Bant* Crcz. Pacific Grova and
?rtocipi; Way .« utions. . . _ «8s33*
••¦OOa Man .h»*. Trn. 1'im-n. HkuU CthS.
- Paoine «!rn*«. J'a.io KubiRS. Hao
Irftie Ol>i»t>... hurt. Lompoc and
Prlivelpal W«r .su:i»uii ..... *4:le»>
*l*»4w* San J.>*» aad Way titatiou* "•¦*•«
*llt3O* a»n.Jo*r,LosG»to«*ii.|\V»».-.Ut!oM» *3>;tUP
t3i ISr Saa Matea. ltedwood. Menla P*rk.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jnaa,
Tres Piooa. 8auta Cruz. aaUaaa.
Moatervy antLJ'aeIRe Grorv tl«>*«*.
tXiaor Saa Joee and VHj 8tatlona <7:»np
M:l3r Ssn Jose and Prineipsl Way Sutions *9:I3*
t5:« n r San Josr, Los Gatos and Principal
W*» SUtion. t»:«<»4
•3s3»r SuJw in.l I'rioelpal Way St»Uon. ?»::t.1*
*S)i3*p San Joae and Way Statioua. ........ f»-.oi»»
fll»4ap San Joi*«».t W*y SUtlou* »7:3Of
A for Morninc P for Afternoon. ™"
• Daily. t Sunday exempted. | Sw«^a» »nl».
b Saturday only.
sTft Illl 1~r and Suo<lmr. c Snndav an4 MaMdssjk
ROOMS TO LET — Para, and Ininrn.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
af.d Mi**irn sis. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
Mr.pl*; ladies' parlor; reading; room; elevator.
HOTEL Franclso— Elegant suites; single; tran-
__f;ent;J}aths. MBS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOW AUD. »0«— Four sunny housekeeping
rooms. $15.
HOWARD. SS3. cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; l-y day, week or month.
JUNIPER. 2. bet. K'th and 11th. off Folsom—
Furnished room; suitable for 1 person; rent
S3 JiV; sur.r.y all day.
MARKET. 1CS. tjetween Sixth and Seventh—
furnished doubie rooms; $» month.
MAKICET, 1«2— Sunr.y front rooms, with run-
ning water: $7 and 110.
MAPOX. 21S— Newly furnished rooms; tt up
j>er nvmh; transient, GOe to $1 per day.
BXcALUBTEB, l!'j» s — Single room, running
up tor. ra? and hath. $6.
MINNA, €67, cor. Kifihth— New furnished bay-
window room, II per week; transient.
NATOMA. 410— funny front room; suitable fcr
one or two gentlemen.
. .
OAK. i:»— 2 sunny larpe front rooms. *S: un-
furnished; closets; see them; other rooms.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sln-
rle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
POWELL. M3— niepantly furnished - front and
back rooms: s: :::.¦;•_ and en suite.
RO5EDALE House. 3!» and 311 Ellis St.— Koomf,
night. 25c to Si: week, tl 25 to H: open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. IX Ellis st.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; room.?, per night, Ke to Jl 50; week, $2
to $S; month. IS to tCO; elevatur on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. e<S — Neat furnished rooms;
private family; Jl and upward.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EIXTH, 126— Furnished front and back parlors;
euitabie fcr doctor's office or dressmaker.
ET'N"Xy i room !n rear for gentleman who sleeps
in day; centrally located. Address box 2517,
Call office.
PUN NY front rooms to let: rates reasonable;
largre rooms. Box Si!!3. Call office.
PUTTER. 219— Single and en suite; for gentle-
men and for families; special attention to
.tourists.
EfTTER 5G5. rear — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
call after 6 p. m.
VALLEY, 26 — 2 fumiFhed rooms. 1 sunny, with
bay-window; pu'.table for 2 persons; $5 and $6;
references required.
J7 50— THREE large sunny rooms. 274 Dcre st.,
bst. Ninth and Tenth. Bryant and Harrison.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch rfflce. Fir.more.
ROOMS AXD 1IOARD.
A FAMILY havinc a large, refined, well fur-
nished home will accommodate a few p*'-
itons with references;- table and all appoint-
ments Srst-claefcS. Bos 3"1, Call office,
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3377. near Mission— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
LAS PALMAS. 1K0 Market St.— Puite of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath: sin, rms.: board optional.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- this «day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 210 Fillmore street, between
Waller and Halght. Interment I. 0. O. F.
Cemetery.
PAPANEK— In Fruitvale. July 7. 1900. Eliza-
beth Km ma. beloved daughter of Andrew J.
and Mary A. Papanek, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged I year 1 month and 7 days.
POWELL— In Oakland. July 7. 1900,' Jacob
Henry Powell, brother of Edward and Mary
Powell. Mrs. Frank Green and Sister Mary
Amanda of the Convent of the Sacred Heart,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 43
years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tu<*day), at S:3T» o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McManus, Seventh and Cas-
tro streets, thence to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
NOWLIN— In this city. July 7. 1900. at the resi-
dence of her parents. 210 Fillmore street.
Ruth, beloved daughter of Thomas W. and
Emma F. Nowlin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 yean; 3 months and 8 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
MOHRDICK— In this city. July S. 1900, Martha
T.. dearly beloved daughter of Martin H. and
Katlf F. Mohrdick. and sister of Harry, Alma
and Walter Mohrdick, a native of. San Fran-
civn, aRpd 15 years 11 months and 6 days.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
K. R. B.— Funeral detail will assemble at their
hall, 1133 Mission street, to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 9 o'clock, to attend the funeral of
our lat« brother, Bartholomew Lee.
McLEOD— In this city, July 8. 1900, Donald,
relict of the late Margaret A. McLeod, and
beloved father of I>onald McLeod Jr.. a na-
tive of Inverness. Scotland, aged 75 years and
1 month. (Gold Hill. Nev.. and Edinburgh
and Inverness, Scotland, papers please copy.)
C^TKrlfnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from K. R. B.
Hall, 1132 Mission street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H., Division No. 2— Funeral notice: The
members of this division are hereby ordered
to assemble at Hlbernla Hall. 120 Ninth street,
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, to proceed
In a body to K. R. B. Hall, Mission street, to
attend the funeral of our late brother. Bar-
tholomew Lee. . JOHN KENNY, Pres.
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from hlB late resi-
dence, 617 Fell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car.
LEE— In this city, July 8, 1900, Bartholomew,
beloved huEband of Maggie Lee,' father of
May, Owen and Thomas Lee, and brother of
Thomas Lee. Mrs. P. J. Xoon, Mir. J. Mc-
Carthy and Mrs. A. Golding. a native of the
parish of Kilronln, County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aped 35 years. A member of the Knights
of the Red Branch and Division No. 2, A.
O. H.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
3. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
K>:39 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LAMB— In San Rafael. July 8. 1900. Katie Fran-
ces, only child of Philip arid Mary Lamb, and
niece or Mrs. G. Romander and Mrs. Peter
O'Brien of San Rafael, a native of San Fran
Cisco, aged 12 years 7 months and 8 days.
LAYNG-In this city, July 7. 1900. John.i be-
loved husjr-anil of Sarah Layng, and father of
John E., William O., Charles B-. Robert J.
and Henry G. Layng, aged 72 years 2 months
and 5 days.
JOHNSEN'-In this city. July S. 1900, Christine
Johnsen. beloved aunt of Christine Johns* n, a
native of Denmark, aged 48 years.
JOHNSTON— In Oakland. July 8. 1900. James
A., beloved husband of Margaret Johnston, a
native of Philadelphia, aged 71 years.
KYNE— In this city, July 7, 1900, John, be-
loved husband of Ellen Kyne. and father of
Rof=e. George. John. William. Thomas and
Ellen Kyne. a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 48 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday), from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, where services
will he held under the auspices of San Fran-
cisco Lodge No. 3. I. O. O. F.. commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. Mrs. L. A. Roberts. 2335 Bush
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HETTY— In this city, July 8, 1900, "at his resi-
dence. 735 Turk street, corner Franklin, Louis
B.. dearly beloved husband of Louisa Hetty
(r.ee- Vollmer). father of Elsa and Marie
Hetty, son of the late John and Margaret
Hetty of Santa Clara, and brother of Julius
F. and Charles Hetty and Mrs. P. Sassenrath.
a native of Santa Clara, Cal.. aged 33 years
2 months and IS days.
E7"Friends &n<l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of H. D. Jones. MO Jessie street, near
Fourth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, July S. 1900, George Davis,
"a native of New York, aged 4S years.
[^Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 7C7 Mission street.
GEER (ne« ROBERTS)— In this city, July 7,
K*Xi, Addie, eldest and beloved daughter of
Lottie A. and the late F. S. Roberts, and
sister of Cooper. Pearl, Grant and the late
Porter Roberts, a native of San Francisco.
a,jji-'l 24 years 4 months and 3 days.
(T?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CROi-KETT-In this city, July 8. 1900. Dora
Crockett (nee Baily). beloved wife of Charles
Croekc-tt, a native of Lawrence. Kans.. aged
£9 years 1" months and 23 days. (Stockton.
Cal.. and Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
BLUMENTHAL— In this city. July 8, 1900,
Jessie, beloved wife of P. Blumenthal. a na-
tive of Missouri. : aged 33 years 7 months and
2S days.
BLLLWI.VKKL— In this city. July 7. 1900.
Charles, beloved husband of Annie Bullwin-
kel, a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
COGSWELL— In this city. July S, 1900, Dr.
Henry D. Cogswell, aged 80 years 4 months
and S dayr.
Blumenthal. Jessie Layng, John
Bullwinkel. Charles L#<?. Bartholomew
Cogswell, r>r. Henry McLeod. Donald
Crockett. Dora Mohrdick. Martha T.
Davis. George Nowlin, Ruth
Geer (nee Robfrts), Papanek. Elizabeth
Addie Powell, Jacob H.
Hetty. Louis B. Roach. Hannah M.
Johnsen. Chrteilne Rosenberg. Fannie
Johnston, James A. Satarnio, Leon
Kyne, John Schultz. Ernest F.
Lamb. Katie F. Sullivan. Catherine I.
DIED.
MARRIED.
FRIEDMAN— SCHNITZER— In this city. July
L 1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Louis H.
Friedman and Sarah Schnitzer, both of San
Francisco.
LEVY— HARRIS— In this city. July 1, 1900, by
the Rev. M. S. Levy, Ignatz Levy and Carrie
Harris, both of San Francisco.
TUCHLER— BLUMENTHAL— In this city, July
L 1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Frank Tueh-
ler and Leah Blumenthal. both of San Fran-
cisco.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— IMRRIA&ES— DEATHS.
THE Continental Building and Loan' Associa-
tion, corner of California and Sansome sts.,
for the half year ending June 30, 1900, has de-
clared a dividend of 5 per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits; 8. per cent on term de-
posits; 10 per cent to Class "F" stock, and 12
per cent to Class "A."
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDOE, President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. CON. A dividend. No. 19. of sev-
enty-five cents (75c) per thare on the Issued
capitai Etock of the company has been de-
clared payable at the office of the company.
430 California street. San Francisco, on July
10th. 1900. Transfer books close July 3d. 1900,
at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
PIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco. At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held July 3, 1900. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30, 1909, at the rate
of seven (7) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 16th Inst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the 16th Inst., both
days inclusive. GEORGE GRANT.
July 3. 1900. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dlvldend No. 17 (thirty
oents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co. will be payable at the oftice of the
company, 327 Market st.. on and after Tues-
day. July 10, 1SO0. Transfer books closed on
Thursday, July 6. 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m. :
• E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
[C?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1311 Greenwich street, near Polk. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
O'clock train from Third and,. Townsend
. streets.
SCHULTZ-In this city, July 8, 1900, Ernest F..
younpest and dearly beloved son of Charles F.
and Marie Schultz. and brother of Arnold
Schultz, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months.
SATARNIO— In the City and' County Hospital.
July 8, VJOO, Leon Satarnio, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 41 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, July 7, 1900. Cath-
erine Irene, daughter of Patrick and Aggie
Sullivan, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
bionthB and 14 days.
E7"Ihe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 25V4 Lafayette street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
fouI,' commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ROACH-In Oakland, July 7, 1900, Hannah M.
Roach, beloved wife of the late Michael
Roach, and mother of Maurice Roach of Va-'
liejo and James Roach of Oakland, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 62 years 6
months and 11 days.
lOTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock. fr«m her late resi-
dence. 611 Adeline street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her sou!,.
commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment St.-
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
ROSENBERG— In this city, July 8, 1500, Fan-
nie, beloved wife of Louis Rosenberg, and
dearly beloved mother of Charles, Joseph,
. Bertha. Manfred. Emma and Arthur Rosen-
berg, Mrs. S. W. Lederer of Honolulu. Mrs.
Simon Newman and Mrs. T. Davis, a native
of Altenau, near Hamburg, Germany, aged
64 years and 4 months. ¦ . ¦ .
Got Them
Going —
Trains on the Santa Fe are
gfoxngf every day to Stock-
ton at 9 a* xnlf 4:10 p. m.
and 8 p. m. To Fresno and
Bakersfield at 9 a. m. and
8 p.m. To Chicago, Kan-
sas City and Denver at 9
a* m»
Sleepers on all trains
whbtz you need to sleep.
Diner on the Overland.
Ask at 623 Market street
or at Santa Fe Ticket Of-
fice in Ferry Depot.
94108The Bio. Arrives.
The.Rlo Janeiro passed; in at 12:15 this
morning and anchored off quarantine. She
is from Hongkong and Honolulu and two
days late. No news was sent ashore.
Of "UTielan'e Sample Rooms, Uklah. Cal., and
manager of Highland Springs Club House, sea
son of 1S99. | has purchased the Index . Bar, 506,
W. Market street, and opened the same on July
2, : 1900, ..with the finest American straight whis
keys, Irish and Scotch,, and will be pleased to
see his many old friends, and acquaintances in
this city. «
Jno. G. Whelan,
Highest Point of Production
In the" history of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass"n was reached during 1S99. They lead the
world.in output as well as In quality of their
brews. K. G. Lyons Co., Wholesale Dealers,
San Francisco, Cal.
The ofTlrprs and police surgeons are of
the opinion «that «Uath was caused by
••knockout' drops The body was taken to
the Morgue. Sullivan was ?.l vears of age
and a cigarmaker by trade, "but for the
past few months had been working as a
cook and waiter. '
Thomas Suilivan of Cll Stevenson street
Tras found in an unconscious condition at
the corner of Commercial and Montgom
ery streets by Ofiiecr O'Brien yesterday at
2 p. m He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and treated, hut did not recover
consciousness until C:30. He retained his
censes for about iiftoen minutes and then
relapsed, dying at 8 p. m. He said he did
not remember taking any poison, and the
only flrink he had swallowed was taken
early in the day. «—»».«
Surgeons and Police Think Thomas
Sullivan Was the Victim of a
Powerful Drug.
FOUND ON THE STREET IN
AN UNCONSCIOUS CONDITION
Holt lived at the Pacific Union Club.
? I s ? y ear s old and has been connected
with the Pennsylvania lines for the lass
twelve years. He ¦ came here : from Chi
cago, in January,- 1899, as general agent
for the Pacific Coast. He has an aunt in
the city. the. widow of the late Judge
Holt. His parents livo in Paris, Ky.
511 Larkin street, was in the buggy with
Creely and he corroborated the statement
of the last named. E. J. Colter, a carrier,
living at 231G Pine street, and a man
named Hennig, living at 2716 California
street, saw the collision and handed trie
veterinary their cards, so that he could
call them as witnesses. T. J. Harrington
of Truck 5. stationed at FlUmore and Post
streets, also saw the accident and went
in the patrol wagon to the hospital. He
said that Creely was driving at a rapid
gait and Holt tried to. avoid a collision
by making a sort of detour, but was too
late. ¦-•¦;
I was driving my old gray horse,"
said he, and he was going at his usual
ppeed. I saw the bicyclist coming, and
when I thought a collision was inevitable
I drew the horse toward the curb and
tried to stop him. The wheel struck the
horse's right foreleg, cutting open the
skin and the may fell backward against
the curb. He seemed to pull up and I
thought he would wait till I passed, but
he apparently changed his mind and
started across at a rapid ppeed. My horse
is lame from the blow, and that will show
that I did not run into him. I sincerely
hope he will get over it."
Mulford L. Pancoast, marble merchant,
Veterinary Creely drove to police head
quartrs and surrendered himself to Lieu
tenant Birdsall. He was booked on a
charge of battery and released on $10 cash
bail. He expressed deep regret at the
unfortunate accident, but said he was not
to blame.
The patrol wagon was summoned from
the O'Karrell-streef station and the un
conscious man was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Bunnell found that
there was a fracture at the base of the
skull and another on the side of the skull.
His secretary, J. Clerfayt, learned of , the
accident and hurried to the hospital. He
later made arrangements to have him
removed to the Waldeck, and Drs. Hunt
ington-and Richter called at the hospital
and saw him removed in a private ambu
lance. They will attend to the case. They
expressed the opinion that Mr. Holt was
in a critical condition.
Creely was driving north on Steiner
street in his buggy and Holt was riding
west on Post street on his way to the
park. There is a vacant lot on the north
east corner and each saw the other com
ing.' Holt seemed to hesitate for an in
stant and then put on speed with the in
tention of crossing ln front of the buggy.
He miscalculated his speed and his wheel
struck the right foreleg of the horse and
he was thrown from his wheel, the' back
of his head striking on the curbstone,
rendering him unconscious. ¦
Jn? COLLISION between a horse
/lj\ driven by E. 8. Creely, veterinary
Jj surgeon, and a wheel ridden by
A. S. J. Holt. Pacific Coast agent
of the Pennsylvania lines, at Steiner and
Post streets yesterday, may result In the
death of Mr. Holt, as his skull was frac
tured in two places.
A. S. J. HOLT IS BADLY
HURT IN AN ACCIDENT
Because he feared to lose his money
Gregory I*reseault, a. saloonkeeper at 445
Golden Gate aver.ue, attached a piece of
hose to a gas burner, and, having turned
the stop-cook, took the free end of the
rubber tubing in his mouth and lay down
on a lounge in the back room of his sa
loon to die. The hose was kinked, how
ever, and the gas did not flow freely; so
Preseault slashed his left wrist deeply
¦with a keen razor and again lay down
This time he accomplished his purpose
The body was found yesterday morning
arid removed to the Morgue by Deputies
Jleehan and Smith.
I'rcseault had purchased the saloon in
•which he enned his life from his nephews
widow, a Mrs. Preseault. about three
jncnths since. He agreed to pay $1700 for
the place. He paid $1003 down, and the
rest was to be paid off at 530 per month
Business prew dull. The Police Commlv
sionor? pquf lohed a srcit part of his trade
by enforcing the side-door ordinance
Rather than run Into debt on his install
ments he took his life. The determined
etiicide was a native of Canada, aged 54.
Bather Than Face Debt Gregory
Preseault Ended His life at
His Saloon.
GAS WOULD NOT FLOW, SO
HE GASHED HIS WRIST
The Clara D. Hirsch Benevolent Asso
ciation of San Francisco held a well at
tended picnic at Schuetzen Park yester
day. The day was perfect ajid 400 people
enjoyed themselves thoroughly, returning
to the city on the last train.
Picnic at Schuetzen Park.
Clever Ruse Practiced by a
Persistent Thief Now
Under Arrest.
A clever capture was made by-Police
man E. F. Leonard and Special Offlc.-r
Porter in the California Market, at an
early hour yesterday morning. R. M.
Hanna, a long-sought-for thief, whose
methods of operation were novel in the
extreme, was taken in the act of .touching
a till in a cigar store., -He was armed
when the arrest was made and a chaise
of carrying concealed weapons, as well aa
larceny, was placed ngainst him at tha
California-street Police Station.
For the past two months the till in Ba
ron's cigar store as well as those in oth<T
places in the market have been repeatedly
robbed.. In many instances the loss was
heavy, but the perpetrator of the thefis
could not be discovered. The fact that
the cigar counter was protected by a lat
tice-work, which was never disturbed,
served only to deepen the mystery as to
the identity of the criminal, and it was
believed;? for a time that, the work was
that of some bne who had keys to the
locks or perhaps by trusted employes.
Saturday night special instructions were
given to watch for the^ thief and Leonard
and Porter patrolled the premises. Short
ly after midnight attention was attracted
to a young man in his shirt sleeves stand
ing against the outside of the cigar coun
ter. He was playing a harmonica and ap
parently unconcerned as to what trans
pired about him. As the policemen
watched they saw the man push his naked
arm through the wicket work that pro
tected the counter and, opening the till,
transfer its contents to his own pocket.
All this time he played the harmonica for
the purpose of diverting attention from
his work on thq till. '
The thief them walked into a restaurant
and was in-the act of washing hia hands
when the policemen seized him. A loaded
revolver was first taken rrom his posses
sion. The money In the till, to the
amount of $10, that had been marked,- was
all found in the prisoner's pocket. He
gave his name as It. M. Hanna, 21 years
of age, and until last Tuesday an em
ploye in a fruit stand in the market.
At the California-street Station Hanna
was confronted by the' proprietor. of the
robbed till. He confessed to the theft
and in addition to the $10 found upon his
person admitted to having stolen $15 on
theprevlous week and $13 on the week be
fore that. Karon says that the clerk took
more and that his loss is considerably
greater than the • amount already ac
counted for. ~ i-'.y'
PLAYED MUSIC
WHILE ROBBING
A CASH DRAWER
Seaman Edward Murphy of the United
States training ship Pensaeola, stationed
at Goat Island, has endeared himself to
his shipmates and set an example for the
apprentice boys of the station. On the
evening of the Fourth of July Murphy,
A. R. Miller Palls Overboard
From Pensacola and Has
Narrow Escape.
SAILOR RESCUES
COMRADE FROM
A WATERY GRAVE
Murphy, who Js 55 years of age and an
old timer in the service of Uncle Sam, was
cheered to the echo by his shipmates. He
wears his honors modestly, saying:
"Any of you boys would do it, but I
happened to be the first up."
The wherry was not yet overboard when
a cry from Murphy to "throw a rope" an
nounced that a rescue had been effected,
and in a few minutes the limp form of
Seaman A. R. Miller was hauled aboard.
When he was able to talk. Miller said
he had slipped and fallen overboard.
Murphy, without stopping to remove
any of his clothes, quickly located the
cause of the uproar, and dove overboard
from the gangway of the ship, which is
fully twenty-five feet above the water.
who was enjoying a rest between decks,
was aroused by the cry of "man over
board; launch the wherry." The cry
came from the lips of Gunner Dabson,
who had the deck, and was occasioned. by
his hearing a splash and the appearance
of a man's head In the water.
was a large attendarvre. A resolution pre
sented by Attorney C. F. Kimball of the
Nuevo Potrt-ro Ciub, calling on the School
Directors to provide a suitable school
building within that section put of the
surplus moneys said to be available at
the present time, was adopted and a com
mittee, consisting of C. F. Kimball, J P
Tuohey, P. Harrington. G. Stader and P.
Stolberg was apj>oinu-d to the
tame to the School l>irtctors a.t their
next meeting.
Additional HchtB and the extension of
the pound limits to the county line were
advocated
The Park Commlfloners favored the
club with a comrnunics-Uon in which it
•was stated that Superintendent John Mc-
Laren was directed to plant 5000 trees in
Holly Paxk ajid otherwise improve the
eite.
Vice President Cuthbertson presented
the following resolution, which was
adopted:
Whereas. An ordinance has been passed br
the Supervisors providing that fe«-« varying
from j:o upward mutt be peld to the Board of
Public Works lor the expenses of the inspection
and examination of plant o£ all new buildings
«.:.1 of alterations; and 9
\\"hereae. It Is the custom of most bunding
owners to employ architects to supervise their
;work, to whom they pay feee; and
Whereas, This ordinance compels said unfor
tunate builfilng owners to pay double fees for
¦upervislon. which is a tax on enterprise and
tftir.ft Improvements and trenches on private
rights and liberty to pursue happiness; there-
Sore be It
Resolved, 'We, tie Federation of Mission Im
provement Club*, axe of the opinion that said
ordinance should be amended ln that regard,
•J>d petition the Beard of Supervisor* accord-
The Mission Federated Improvement
Clubs Petition the Board of
Education.
Mission Fedcq^ted Improvement Clubs
held a meetir.g at Fourteenth avenue
(south) Saturday nigrht, at which there
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
WANTS SCHOOLHOUSE
rled to his room at 279 O'Farrell street.
Dr. Duncan was summoned and pro
nounced the wound a dangerous one
Captain Seymour detailed Detectives
Egan and T. B. Gibson on the case. They
saw Turner, but he positively declared
that he did not know who stabbed him.
and paid he did not want to know. Franks
admitted to the detectives that Turner
and the woman had a fight and that he
saw her run out of the front door. When
he went Into the back room Turner was
lying on the floor groaning with pain.
Franks lives with the woman's sister.
May Devlin, at 723 California street. The
detectives went there but could not find
Kitty. They think that while they were
at 723 California street Franks and a man
named Frank E. Redell got the woman
out of the way. They ascertained that
'Franks and Redell were taken to police
headquarters jesterday afternoon, but
they both denied knowing who did the
stabbing or where Idtty was in hiding-
Officer Jack Attridge ' located the
Turner woman early last night in a
house at 718 California street and
Detectives Ragan and Tom Gibson
took her to the City Prison, where she
was placed in the tanks. Her right eye
was slightly discolored, but she would vol
unteer no information regarding that mis
hap. The woman had had plenty of time
to make up a story, but oo amount of
coaxing could make her talk of the crime.
Turner's physicians had hfm removed to
the French Hospital last night.
phe was last seen with Redell shortly
after 4 o'clock in the morning, on Mason
street, near Geary.
Turner was found by Franks lying on
the floor in a pool of blood, and was car-
Shortly before 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing Turner and the woman were drinking
in a back room of the Topic saloon. 2?2
O'Farrell street, of which Leo Franks is
the proprietor. A fight followed and Tur
ner blackened the woman's eye and
knocked her down. In her fury she
stabbed him in the left side, near the
heart, and fled through the front door.
f— II 3HE police are searching for Kitty
Turner, a woman of the tenderloin.
U and when arrested she will be
charged with an assault to commit
I murder, the victim being her pseudo hus
j band. James Turner.
WOMAN USES A KNIFE TO AVENGE A BEATING.
Kitty Turner, Beaten by Her Pseudo Husband in Saloon
Room, Draws Weapon in- Fury and Stabs Him,
Inflicting Dangerous Wounds.
and Honors With Good
Scores.
The KJmpire Gun Club held Its regular
monthly club shoot at Alameda Point yes
terday, and some high-class sport was
enjoyed by the clay plseon breakers.
A. J. Webb carried off the honors of the
day In -the club and State championship
trophies and V. G. La Molte in the Schu
macher trophy with a clean break of 20.
The scores and summary were as fol
lows:
Club championship trophy, a handsome gold
watch, to become property of shooter having
highest average for the season, twenty-five
birds— AVehb 22, Hauer 13. Balrd 19. Debenham
13. Ln. Motte IS, Justcr 18, Howlett 15. De
Gere 19, Smith- IS, Allen 17, Cullen 15, Lam
bert 16. Guyatt 19, Searles 17. Rowland. 14,
Eaton 15, J. Ireland 15, J. K. Orr 13. .
The scores In the club # championship
event, classified, for a ?15 purse offered by
the club (divided 40, SO, 20 and 10 per cent),
25 birds, entrance 75 cents, were:
First class— $6: won by A. J.- Webb.
• Second class— TJalrd 18, La ¦ Motte 20, Jus
ter 14, De Gere 12, Smith IS. Allen 16, Searles
21. Searles being high took second money, $1 50.
Third class— Lambert IS. Howlett 20. Cullen
18. Howlett won third money. $3. .
Fourth money, $1 50 was won by Debenham.
Membership handicap match. 20 birds, en
trance 73c— Balrd IS, Cullen 13, Searles 16, Al
ien 16 Rowland 14.» Smith IV Lambert 20.
Howlett 17.- Debenham 14, AVebb 20. Hauer 14,
J. Ireland 12. AVebb and - Lambert took first
and -econd and the tie for third was decided
by a shootoff between Balrd and Smith, the
former winning.
Schumacher handicap trophy — Hauer IS, La
Motte 20. AVebb 19. Debenham • IS, Allen 19,
Smith IS.
• State championship trophy— Hauer 20, La
Motte 21, Webb 22, Debenham 19.
•The day was concluded with pool ghootlnjr.
Eleven " 10-bird squads faced the traps for
that purpose. '
Webb and La liotte Carry Off Prizes
EMPIRE GUN CLUB HOLDS
. REGULAR MONTHLY SHOOT
There was plenty of rifle and pistol
shooting on the Shell Mound target range
yesterday, eight organizations holding
their regular competitions for prizes and
trophies. The ( day was as pleasant as
could be desired, the light being good and
there being but little wind. Those of the
Germania Schuetzen Club competing, for
the big^money prizes on the continuous
matches* did not better their totals to any
extent. In the-regalar class medal con
test, two 10-shot strings on the 25-ring tar
get, D. B. Faktor stood at the head of
the list, 'me scores were as follows:
First champion class. I>. B. Faktor, 215, 213
ring?; second champion class, H. Huber, 215,
205; first class, II. Stelling, 219, 191; second
class, A. Jungblut. 200, 187; best first shot, E.
II. Uoetze. 23; best last shot, II.- Stelling. 24.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Vereins'
regular monthly medal shoot brought a
full attendance, and riflemen made good
average scores in their 20-shot strings on
the 25-ring target. A. H. Pape was high
in the champion class. H. Stelling won
the third class medal "for keeps." The
scores are here given:
Champion class, A. H. Pape, 445 rings, first
class, R. Stettin, 41S; second class, not fllled;
third class, H. Stelling, 388 (tinal); fourth class,
D. Dunker, 374; best first shot. J. D. Heise, 21;
best last shot. J. D. Heise. 25.
Members of the Norddeutscher Schuet
zen Club always turn out in goodly num
bers when the contests for cash prizes
take place, and yesterday was no excep
tion to the rule. A. Mocker won the first
prize in the bullseye shoot, his best bulls
eye measuring 470-1000 of an inch from the
true^ center. Following are the winners
and their best centers, in their order:
First prize, A. Mocker, 470 points; second. H.
Stelling. 545; third, J. D. Heise. 673; fourth.
Captain J. Thode, 1<14; fifth, H. Huppert, 1078;
sixth, G. Schulz, 1201; seventh. C. F. Rust,
1309; eighth. D. Salfield, 1463; ninth. Otto
Lemckty 1647.
A number of new members and several
visitors attended the bi-monthly shoot of
tne Golden Gate Rifle and 1'istol Club, and
the 200-yard and the 50-yard range stalls
were tilled all day. On the long range
there was not a little friendly rivalry be
tween F. E. Mason and- D. \V. McLaugh
lin for the best score of the day on the
25-ring target. Several 10-shot runs were
marie, and Mason carried off the honors
with 229 in the gold medal match, al
though McLaughlln stood high with
277 on the Bushnell trophy contest. On
the 50-yard range F. S. Washburn, a
guest of the club, tied the champion, J. K.
Gorman, on the all-comers' pistol trophy
match with a score of 92 in ten shots.
Following are the results of tho shooting |
in the several matches:
Rifle. 200 yards. 2S ring target, Bushnel! tr<v
phy— D. W. McLaughlln, 227, 1S5; F. B. Mason,
224, 220, 223.
First class— C. M. Henderson. 219. 213, 205; A.
B. Dorrell, 216.
Second class— Q. Tammeyer. 20S. 208, 206, 192.
Gold medal— F. B. Mason. 229. 21S: D. W. Mc-
Laughlin, 226; A. B. Dorrell, 205, 223, 221; C. M.
Henderson, 201, 21?.
Silver medal-J. F. Bridges, 197, 196; B. Jonas,
208, 1S9.
Pistol, all-comers' trophy— F. S. Washburn.
92. S4; J. E. Gorman, 92; II. J. White, 84.
Revolver trophy— J. E. Gorman, 85; F. E. lla
son, S3.
Silver medal— J. F. Bridges. SO. 77.
The class medal shoot of the Indepen
dent RUles wa-3 well attended. The mem
bers of the Rifles still use the mllltary
musket, and the score is ten shots on the
Blunt target. The scores are here given:
"E. Helmke- 41, H. Goetgen Jr. 31. R. S. Blther
42 Serjeant G. Mitchell 41. J. H. Kuhlke 41.
H. Go«»tgen 35, SerKeant A. Andrews 37. A.
Marzoff 37, Captain L. Schneider 31. Dr. W. A.
Melerdlerks 30. C. Frederlckson 15, G. Worth
in«tr.n 36, F. J. Skowran 22. C. Iverson 30. C
Granz 3S. C. Sehafer 34. F. Wild 27. Serjeant
H Kuhlke 3S, C. Hering 22. Corporal H. Fred
i erk-kson 15, Lieutenant E. Moenning 37, G.
Kellenbcwr 37. Sergeant C. H. Sehonls 3*.
II. Felix 31. F. H. Schml.U 21. J. W. Rlley 12,
A. Wolfcram 17, C. Schneider 3?.
Xearly all of the military shooting
stands were filled with members of the
National Guard competing for their class
medals. A number of fairly good scores
were made. This shooting was with the
military musket, ten-shot Fcores. on the
Blunt elliptical target. The scores by the
citizen soldiers stood as follows:
Companies C and G (Nationals) of the First
Regiment— C. B. Evans 37. T. McGIIvary OS. 1^
H. Barriau 22, S. H. Stewart 19. S. -R. Ann
strong 33, W. Grant 37. F. F. Carson 40, J. AV.
Galhra'llh 30. H. J. Musprave 44. E. F. Totfrer.
32, C. n. Harding ,33. T. G. Bautz 26, J. \V.
Crompton IS. C. It. Mclr.toFh 11. J. C. Roberts
2S, Lieutenant W. F. Grattf-n 43. T. J. Povey
43, AV. F. Unfred 40. I,, w. Grant 35, C. L,.
I«ods 40 R. IX Mclntosh 37. Lieutenant O, J.
Petty 33. W. B. Hund 20, Chris Meyers <4, A.
E Anderson 42, Lieutenant J. W. Ross 32, A.
J.' Ruddock 41.
Company M of the First Regiment — PerReant
PrSdraux 13, Lieutenant AVnll 16. Spellman 3S,
VnlkrearrS."). Phillips 34. Lieutenant Collopy 32,
Sorgeant Noyes 32. Ayhens 30, Ssi-jrcant Miller
27 rayons 2~~, Fraser 23. Serjeant Xewbert 22.
J.' Daley 21.
Company F of the Flr«t Regiment— Captain
Nlppert 43. Lieutenant Varney 35. Lieutenant
Swing 39, M. A. Nathan 40. C. Cleveland 38.
K. A. Mlllican 33. C. E. Surryhne 36. C. D.
Cook 3!>. II. Doscher 31. P. H. Ralne 32; J. S.
Simmons 34. II. D. OTirten 31. II. Schatz 24,
AV Cohn 25, S. Clock 17, H. Homer 21. F. F.
Shaw 19.
There Was Much. Competition, for
Class Medals, Trophies, Bec
ords and Bullseye
Cash Prizes.
All of the Shooting Stands
Were Full Prom Morn
Uptil Sunset.
MARKSMEN WERE
OUT IN NUMBERS
AT SHELL MOOND
DROVE KNIFE BLADE INTO HIS
SIDE BECAUSE HE BEAT HER
The Forty-third District Club, under
¦whose auspices the opposition meeting
•will be held this evening, was organized
by the Grand Hotel committee during the
last campaign. It has been holding
monthly meetings , since then and has
never cone out of existence. The club is
anxious that the better element of the
party shall take an active part In tho
coming campaign and desires to encour
age i hem to associate themselves with
tbe clubs orjrsnized for campaign work.
It is certain that such action will be bene
ficial to the panv and save it from the
coiuaminatir.jr influence of Kelly and
Crimmins politics.
When the club discovered that Kelly
ur.i Crlmrains were stuffing the rolle with
-Lhe Tinman of voters brought from the
South of .Market street a protest was sent
to tha County Committee Eigned by
twenty-seven members. The protest
stated thai at least two hundred names
on the roll were fraudulent and requested
that a committee of ten be appointed to
purse the rolL L J. Truman, chairman of
the executive commitC££ of the club, wrote
a, communication to JL. J. Curry, member
©X the executive committee of the
County Committee in which a de
mand was mada fcr the rolL The com
munication was countersigned by Al
Bouvler, chairman, and J. C. Wilson, Eec
retary of the County Committee. Curry
agreed to produce the roll last Friday,
but Bent word on that day that he was in
Oakland and could not do so. The mem
bers of tha club saw In this a subterfuge
*r.d conseQuently decided to call a meet
ing on the same night as the Kelly-Crim
xnlns faction will meet, at California Hall,
said thus force tne issue. The call is signed
by 3. D. Hart, preside:*, and F. Tobel
xnann, secretary. Their action was hast
ened because tne Kelly-Crimmins people
refused to give up a copy of the roll as
the enrollment proceeded during each
night. The colonizers had been mar
shaied by Colonel Brady, Mike Klynn and
their cohorts and at least two voters who
¦were brought from Tehama street were
recognized as being ftiieu to the Fortv
third district.
The -wholesale stuffing of the roll In the
Forty-third Assembly District by the
Kelly-Crimmins aggregation is destined to
meet with the pronounced opposition of
honest Republican voters. A cail has been
issued lor a meeting of the Forty-third
Assembly District Republican Club for
this evening at Independent Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, above Grant avenue.
The object of the meeting is for the pur
pose of discussing plans for securing to
the voters of the district a voice in the
selection of delegates to the state and
county conventions. The desperate efforts
xnace by the bosses to cs.pi.ure the district
by their tlmevrom methods of colonization
•will undoubtedly result in failure if the
County Committee will stand by the club
¦which Is endeavoring to Inject honesty of
purpose in Republican politics.
Torty-Tliird Assembly District Club
"Will Meet To-Night to Protest
Against Crimmins and
Kelly's Methods.
Republican Voters Organize
Against Wholesale
Colonization.
OPPOSITION TO
ROLL STUFFING
TO BE VIGOROUS
1±1J5 SiYiN •.JB-JLKAJNU1SCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 9, 1900
10
A. S. J. HOLT.
Ladles' tailor-made" suits, silk' skirts, fur
capes: liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 526 Sutter. •
Trarp^s Oi! cures rheumatism and n*urc!«ia
Drusrlnts. Me Cask. Richards 4 Co.. <0€ Clay!
FigS— Smyrna 1 lb box j r£
Choice layers — ' 2 lb box 3 -c
just enough for one sale- reg'ly
20c and 50c
Toilet Ammonia— Greer's 2^c
Softens the water — perfumes
the bath — violet and lavender
— large bottle
Tooth Powder- Lis^erated 2 0C
Best American tcoth powder
made — reg'ly 25c bottle — an-
tiseptic — it stops toothache
Hamamelis— h Pt Pt Qt
Extract of „ _^. in^
witchhazel ] ) c 2> ) c 4 OC
Heals hurts quickly — good for
sunburn — take some to the
country
Lemon Squeezers— Glass i O c
reg'ly 15c — saucer— separates
seeds — saves juice '
EggS — Fresh, of course 2 0C
Our regular price
Herring—New matjes
Cigars — Rosa Aromatica
We have just received a fresh
shipment of these fine large
imported cigars — same as we
had a short while ago and sold
so quickly 2 for 25c $12.50
box of 100
432 Pine 232 Sntter 2S00 California San Francttw
1075 Claj between EleTtnth aod Twelfth Oakland
Satisfactory
Eye=Glasses.
It you are wearing Eye-Glasses that ar« not
satisfactory. I we can give you relief ln a few
minutes and at lowest cost (for flrst-class serv-
ice). Our Famous Clips attached for 50c whl'a
you wait.
Oej'.lats' prescriptions filled. Factory oa prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10l
OPTICIANS^ot^ pH^ n P^' w .
642 Market 5t. inmrumints
uhdeh omoNicit Bun-DivG. CaTALOGUJ Fbie.
SEMI-
CENTENNIAL
CELEBRA TION
Dwrators and Ha* manufacturers are re-
quested to furnish deaiKns and bids for sp^rial
design flaits. American flajes. bear flags and
buntlnic In colors of red. wit,, blue and eold
next TUESDAY EVENING. July "f at h *ad
quartern N. S. O. W. nemi-centennlal celebra-
tion committee, Pa!ace Hotel . ccle °ra
H. U OUN'ZBURGER.
. J"l?. n c ? mm »«ee Decoration*
and Illumination.
DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.jJVER.LUNGft.
from the Kona District, Sand-
wich Islands — reg'ly 27JC lb
Bacon— Armour f6j£c
Eastern — corn fed stock — bone-
less— cooks sweet and crisp —
reg'ly 18c lb
Soups — Franco- American
Prepared from pints 3 for !) oc
carefully select- quarts 30C
ed meats, vegetables and poul-
try — home-made could not
taste better — reg'ly 2ocand 35c
Sauterne-(G. B.&Co.) $ 4
pure juice of the grape— sweet
—dry — reg'ly $5 dozen quarts
Com and Succotash 12^0
Sea Foam — rresh vegetable fla-
vor — tender — reg'ly 15c can
Mushrooms— French 2 £c
.You can serve them with your
steak at this price — F. Lecourt
Cocktails— £<*rfr and Often Qr C
Martini, Manhattan, Vermouth
Gin— Old Tom gin— whisky
ready made and good — rec'lv
$1 bottle ,.
Olives— ¦'Dolly harden 2 f C
Rich flavor— pleasing to the*
eye— reg'ly 35c bottle
(G. B. & Co.)—reg'ly 40c
Vanilla Extract 4 oc
(Ci. B. & Co.)— reg'ly 50c— 6
oz bottles— just a little required
to flavor perfectly— pure
Finnan Haddies ire
Serve hot with buttered sauce
for breakfast—good cold for
luncheon— reg'ly 20c can
Baking Powder 30c
Excelsior— It gives perfect sat:
• isfaction because it is good —
absolutely nothing in it but .
Cream of Tartar and Soda—
reg'ly 40c lb'
We ship fresh nutritious
foods everywhere and know
how to pack — there's a
whole, lot in that
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Kona 2^c
Sold here under its true name—
times a day
You will welcome the din-
ner beli in the country and
want a hearty meal three
XSP*^ DDt lUBk V A K wan EV R
G0LDBSR8. BOWEN * CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALE
GOLDBERG. BOWEJC & CO'S SPECIAL SATIS3 BALK
-
is ro
111 r A
HLLOb
Durind the entire month of JULY we will
offer in all our deDartments large auantities
of SPRING AND SUMMER GOODS at about one-
half former Drices. We auote a few items.
25 pieces NOVELTY DRESS 100 dozen Ladles' 2-clasp
GOODS, ln small checks KID GLOVES, ln Tans,
and plaids, warran- oc n Browns, Reds and CCn
ted all wool— uard. . Zub Black— pair Dull
Reduced from 5Oc. Regular price Sl.OO.
qn nioroc ronnino rwrT tqm 30 ° dozen Ladles' Hem-
t$ef^ smzm and Embroidered
nnrt «£& 1 rhSriS Is Initialed HANDKER-
fnrhPs^S w&th Sp CHIEFS ' sundered reads
Sard . . ~ 75C fop use " nalf dozen QQn
Reduced from SI. 5O. WU
500 dozen Ladles' Unlaun-
11 , 11^ BlaGk dered aM Hemstitched
ENGLISHCHEVIOT,guar- LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
anteed not to shrink cn p with handsome hand |c n
op spot— uard uuli emhrolderu-each. . . 13b
Regular value 75c. Good value for 25c.
3 cases Genuine ENGLISH 2O g A d e O i ei J,T L ??i? s U?r? or r! ecl
STRIPED GALATEAS, In FAST BLACK HOSE, fine
Navus, New Blues, Pinks, g a H ae ' fl o UDle sole s« ORn
Drahs and Black ini „ Heels and toes-pair ZUU
and White— nard. . IZ2U Worth $4 -°° Dozen -
150 dozen Children's FAST
15 pieces FRENCH PRINTED BLACK COTTON HOSE,
FLANNELS, all light col- douhle knees, heels and
ors.hoth figured and oc n toes, sizes 5 to 9J— Oc n
stripes— uard Z3b palp Z3u
Worth 75c. Good value. for 35c.
Remnants Of SILKS, DRESS GOODS, WASH FABRICS,
RIBBONS, EMBROIDERIES, PRINTED AND PLAIN DEN-
IMS AND SILKOLINES marked down to ahout one-half
former prices.
II!. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.