WASHINGTON. Aug. 9.— The cap
ture of Yangtsun.- the first ob
jective point of the Internation
al forces, was the supreme news
of importa .ice received , to-day
on " the Chinese . situation. /. The • first word
of -this Icapture^ effected ..last -Monday,
ca'me.to the Signal Office atthe War De
partment, from Colonel .Scrlven, the gen
eralofflcer at Chefu.^ saying:
' ''CHEFUi Aug."; 9.--Sigmala,' Washington,
Aug. 6.— Yangtsun '^captured to-day. ; Wire
up. Need own transportation... All ,welL
, VSCRiy^N."
Half an hoar after this message a" ca
blegram ¦ from General i ChafTce, giving > ad
dltlonal details of; thelcapture;and show-_
me; that i t* had. been; af the cost of about
sixty;* casualties t -among the
troops ;_was^ received/ /, General Cnaffce's
olspatch .; Ja" as follows :¦
->.'YANGTSUN;J'Aug. G.— Tangtsun occu
pied : to-day:, Wcunded:? Second "Lieutenant
Frank R. i LonR,\Ninth Infantry ; ; casual
ties aboutslxtymen.'Nlnth United States
Infantry ,M Fourteenth i TJnlted \ States"iIn
fantr>',and Battery F,.FIfth.United States
Artillery.;'; Nearly jail; from; Fourteenth
Infantry;; .' Names later.'* Many; men 'pros
trated ; heat and ; fatigue. "';CHAKFEE.""*
Will Total 5O,00O"jffeii.
• Hardly ¦ less i important .was . a \ dispatch
from 'General i Ter'auchl, - second ¦ In " com
mand 'the Japanese^ staff,"; sent" to -the":
pME^ie^^TVlffir^ESAvDEMfljND
demand the immediate cessation of
hostile attacks by the imperial trocps upon the
legations, and urge the of every power
and energy of the imperial Government for the
6f the legations and all foreigners
therein. "—Extract from note ". sent by the United States '.
to Chinese) Government' .
. LYONS, v Aug. . ; 9.— The Catholic Journal
announces new., massacres [and a" disaster
to - the missions «- In «•¦ the southeastern
province . of- Chill.; It. says that live
priests have been killed. >.' . •
NEW MASSACRES.
SIMLA, Aug. 9.— Excluding the Fourth
Brigade, the strength of the forces pro
ceeding to China' Is 4<5 British officers, 10C4
non-commissioned : and ; native officers; . : 13 -
970 men, 11,850 = followers, -. 1150 . drivers; 2520
horses, 4300 ponies and ; mules; : 12 guns ' 14
Maxims and 1800 ' Imperial service troo'ps '
-It, is expected that the entire force wlli
have ; Bailed before the i middle ¦ of nex r
month. Wini'm TWBTTIITfgllwtlllTnMini
SfNT BY GREAT BRITAIN
FROM INDIA TO CHINA
China has been presented to the United
States Government, but no answer has
yet been returned. Count Waldersee ' Is
regarded by the authorities here as an
eminent soldier, and It Is, believed he Is
satisfactory. It :1s said that his. appoint
ment would mean a" campaign of broader
scope than that in which our.' forces ; are
engaged at the present moment," which Is
for the relief, of the Ministers In Peking,
and Count ¦ Waldersee.- who. Is now m!Ger
many, cannot; possibly reach China until
that object is accomplished -or "defeated.
It Is thoupht by the Government that It
Is not necessary, to Immediately decide up
on a: commander for; a future^ campaign!
The matter v.111 be taken up with Presi-:
dent McKlnley when he arrives In Wash
ington next week. .. ' .• ' •
Aug. 9.— The subject of
the appointment of t Count vonlWaldersee
to command tho , international : forces s in
The Chinese Minister In Berlin, Lu Hal
Houau.has received a dispatch substan
tially ;¦ Identical with the alleged Chinese
Imperial >dkt ordering the ?afeconduct of
the members . of the ; foreign legations . to
Tientsin." - This he , has . forwarded T to t the
Foreign Office, where it is regarded, how
ever," as another Chinese ruse.
The number of volunteers tfom the
army reserves who have signified -their
¦OT-lllingness to ko to China is said to be
120,000. ,From this number It Is understood
that a corps not exceeding 20,000 will be
formed. A portion of the corps will leave
within a 1 fortnight or as soon as. the'Cab
inet meeting called for to-morrow shall
have given consent to the project.
The German Foreign Office told a cor
respondent this evening that the consent
of the other powers had been virtually
secured to the selection of Count von "Wal
dersee as commander In chief. .
the chief command to Count von Wal
dersee personally, basing his proposal up
on the condition that all the other pow
ers should acquiesce in the appointment.
As to this latter point diplomatic negotia
tions have been going: on during the last
few days. Emperor Nicholas, with whom
the Count is an especial favorite, consent
ed, and France followed somewhat . re
luctantly. Austria-Hungrary and Italy
quickly consented. The acquiescence : of
the United States and Great Britain was
next received and the' assent of Japan
came last.
Victory of Allies Followed Dy a
Demand ¦/¦'From the United
States That China Cease
Firing Upon "the Legations;
base, the way would then be clear for the
advance of the larger force on the 13th.
Importance of the Capture.
The capture of Yangtsun Is. therefore,
an Important strategic branch of the fast
maturing .military plans. The placa la
about eighteen miles beyond Tientsin and
a little Jess than a quarter of the way
to PeklnK. Colcnel Scrlven's statement
"wire up" contains mu«.h meaning, as It is
explained as showing that there is tele
grraphlc communication with the army In
the- field.' -Aside from the assurance thi3
give?; of speedy transmission of news
from the . front, it gives the additional
assurance that the line la Intact' back to
the first base of . operations. The capture
of Yangtsun on the day following the bat
tle of Pf ltsans Is regarded as a highly
successful military achievement, and es
pecially In view of the fact that It was
looked ' upon as . a stronghold whose cap
ture might give the foreigners consldera-
Uncle Sam's Demand.
Aside from the military developments
of the day, - the diplomatic aspect was
made clearer , by the publication of * the
demand made by th« United States upon
the . Imperial Government of China* and
General CMf fee Re ports Sixtjj
•' can .Troops aMMany • Prostra
tions 'From Heat, and • .Fatigue;
All tlie Powers Interested Ex
cept America Seem to
Have Consented-
BERLIN*. Au*. 8.— Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee, recently ap
pointed to the supreme command of
the German forces In China and
looked upon In some quarters as
likely to be rhescn commander In chief
of the International troops, was inter
viewed this evening shortly after his ar
rival In Berlin.
"My appointment." said General von
Waldersee, "Is due entirely to the Initia
tive of Emperor William. I shall start
for China, polng probably by way of San
Francisco. In- a Fhort time. I am fully
aware of the preat difficulties I shall have
to meet In China and of the extreme deli
cary of my position there: but I can only
say that I shall do my best _ to prove
myself worthy of the honor and of the
confidence placed in. me by the Kaiser.
Counters von Waldersee will accompany
Ste to the United States."
kThI« evening the field marshal had con-
at the offices of the general staff
and the Minister of War.
It Is understood that Emperor. "William
some weeks ago broached the subject of
VON WALDERSEE AS
CHIEF COMMANDER
PRINCE TUAN HAS LEFT PEKING.
TIENTSIN, Aug. 2, via Chefu, Aug. 9. — The Boxers are in strong force ten miles to the
south of Tientsin. They are murdering, pillaging and committing atrocities. It is reported
that Prince Tuan has left Peking and joined General Sung in hisposition, twenty miles to
the northward, the Dowager Empress having issued an imperative command for the reoccupation
of Tientsin and Taku. This step shows a determination to stop the advance, but it may be Prince
Tuan's scheme to escape.
A native colonel who fought against the* Boxers and protected the Christians sixty miles
south of here has been dismissed by imperial order. It is reported that friendly Chinese are aiding
the^Peking residents with food and ammunition, and that a new party of progressionists is devel
oping in Peking. The gambling instincts of the Chinese' will lead many of them to cast their lot
with the foreigners.
Refugees are returning in a starving condition.
PANIC IN PEKING— THE FIRST RUSH OF THE CHRISTIAN CONVERTS FOR PROTECTION.
(FROM BLACK AND WHITE.)
'¦~L£iP£5£%ii ™ E . MONTH OP MAY. THE CHRISTIAN' CHINESE BECAME MORE AND MORE ALARMED AT THE TALES OF BLOOD AND FIRE
FROM OTHER PLACES AND THE THREATENING ATTITUDE OF THE BOXERS IN THE IMPERIAL CITY. AND ON THE 2STH OF THAT MONTH
DURING A HEAVY. THUNDER STORM, A GREAT NUMBER OF THEM FLOCKED TO THE -BRITISH LEGATION FOR PROTECTION THIS Or!
CURRED TWO DAYS BEFORE THE ARRIVAL OF CAPTAIN McCALLA 'AND THE MARINES FROM TAKU.
ADVANCE FORCE OF THE PEKING RELIEF
COLUMN HAS CAPTURED YANGTSUN
Commenting upon Washington's latest communication to the Chinese • Government, the
Daily Chronicle describes it as "idyllic diplomacy," and it declares the Chinese attempts to get
the Ministers to leave Peking, as described by M. Pinchon, have convinced everybody except the
Washington officials that a steady application of force is the only argument Peking can under
stand.
The Commissioner of Customs at Shanghai has received a routine message from Sir Rob
ert Hart, Director General of Imperial Customs, showing that the latter is still conducting the
business of. imperial customs— a rather curious change of affairs when taken in conjunction with
the words "happily still alive," which he included in the dispatch, which was dated Peking, July 27.
The editorials generally incline to view the progress toward Peking as splendid thus far, but
one which cannot be maintained at the present rapid rate, as the concentration of supplies and
the establishment of bases will cause inevitable delays.
Another dispatch to the same paper, dated Tientsin, August* 6, recounts a reconrioissance
that morning by the Japanese beyond Hsiku, the result beings that the enemy was developed in
strong force, well fortified, at Weiho. The Chinese were superior in numbers, and after facing
the fire of seven guns the Japanese retired to Hsiku with three killed and twenty-seven wounded,
but having captured 200 horses.
With the exception of these messages. General Chaftee's report is the only account pub
lished by the London morning papers telling of the capture of Yangtsun.
COST OF YANGTSUN'S CAPTURE.
LOXDOX, Aug. 10, 3:55 a.m. — In the capture of Yangtsun the losses of the allies, accord
ing to a dispatch to the Daily Express from Chefu, dated August 8. purporting to give an
account of that engagement, were 200, the majority being killed. "The allies marched on
Yangtsun," says this report, "at dawn on 1 Monday. The position was held by 15,000 Chinese well
entrenched to the east of the river. After four hours of heavy fighting the Chinese were driven
from tneir detense works. , - .
BY capturing Yangtsun on Monday, two days after the advance on Peking, the al
lied forces have taken a long step toward their goal, and Washington already, figures
that ten days more shall bring them to the walls of China's capital. In taking Yarig
tsun sixty Americans were killed or wounded, mostly in the Fourteenth Regiment, but General
Chaftee could furnish only the name of Lieutenant Lang of the Ninth Infantry. The total
loss was about 200 men. The allies' losses at Peitsang are now reported as 1130, of whom
Russia contributed 600.
Previous reports of the destruction of the French legation in Peking had led to a belief
that it had been abandoned, but news of Saturday's date received yesterday from the Austrian
Minister announced that although part had been blown up by mines, it was still sheltering not
only the French but the Austriaris, who had fled to it when their own headquarters were "de^
stroyed, and probably the Belgians. According to an undated message from a German offi
cial, which probably left Peking about the same time, the Boxers surround the legation,
which is thus cut off from the British legation.
M. Pichon, the French Minister, reports strong efforts of the Peking authorities to
induce the legationers to leave the city, and their steadfast refusal.
Though hot an ultimatum, the note of the United States Government to China, made
public yesterday, "demands" an immediate cessation of the hostile attacks on the legations,
and urges hearty co-operation with the allies.
SUMMARY OR THE CHINESE SITUATION
AS TOLD BY CALL DISPATCHES,
After Four Hours of Heavu * Figtiting me Ctiinese
Are Driven From Their Defense Works and
Yangtsun, an Important Military Base, Is Cap
tured t)u the Advancing Foreigners, Who Lose
ALLIED TROOPS NOW EXPECT TO
REACH PEKING IN TEN DAYS
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY^ AUGUST: 10, : 1900.
VOLUME JLXXXVIII— NO. 71.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
War; Office "Japan- and 'transmitted 'to
the' legation] h^re^ sayings that •, the; inter
national ;'airoy would* totali 50,000. men\'on^
'August 1; 15 %,to .advance j, on . Peking. ' -'¦ This
dispatch" stated that on- the* 4th, \when *"it
was : forwarded* the 'advance r , had : not- be-.
gjun.'l This was at" firsts incomprehensible.
In * view/ of ' tho fact * that ! fighting \ has '; abr
tually.' occurred.^"-? But \ the '; later > statement
that ? the * International ; : force >_ would ? total
EO.000 ' men t oh '>. the ; 15th; • appears >to \ make
clear .General 'jTerauchl's? meaning: 'and i to
reconcile r it with " General • Chaffee's" dls-
patches. , The present movement of some
16,000 "men'doubtlesg i Is viewed In the light
of a" recohriolsaance In* force, the main
moveniect:of ihe'army of 00,000 to follow
on,the 15th/.. This makes clear. the mean-
Ing "of General •, Chaftee's". dispatch", triat
Yangtsun was' % the objective point. Th«
¦VVar^pcpaftmentJias been puzzled on this
point..- It. would ; appear. • however, from
General Terauchi's < dispatch , that the first
force of ,16.000'men,- having opened' up com
munications' to forward
supplies^ and established this advance
The San Francisco Call.
Continued ' on Second • Pie*.I "The diplomatic corps: has; just been'in
f ormed iby^ the ; Chinese ; Government v that
the powers have repeatedly demanded our
shelter : to the members' of ' th« French
legation, who : are ¦ all in ; good • health,', but
also to the members of the Austrian lega
tion; 1 : who ¦' sought •¦ refuge : there ; after* the
complete destruction * of.' their • own" builu-
Ing.v The French i legation building, is sur
rounded by Boxers." ',: -
: Herr Bulow ? does 'not i mention^ the ; Bel
gians; : but * it ,- Is i supposed :. that,* as they
took refuge In the Austrian legation;*,they
are now in the French legation." -"; .. ,-.-.
; PARIS, Aug. 9.— The; Foreign -Office haa
received' the - following .dispatch which
reached ; ; here » in cipher -- from M.'v Pichon,
the French Minister at Peking^'via Shang
hal;v to-day,v the*Peking 'date ) not being
given: .• . ' *V.. 7 : /' /^PbHBBU
: ; ''The Austro-Hungarian -legation, with
the archives, .was burned June 21. Since
June 20 we. with the French detach Vent,
have been defending the French legation,
which ¦ has jbeen > bombarded - by - cannon
and -rifle fire. Partof their building was
destroyed " by mines. We deplore the
losses -of: Captain 'Thomas 'and three sail
ors killed and two sailors severely wound
ed..-? Since 'July • 16 : the - Chinese attacks
have , not been • severe. " The ; Chinese Go v-,
eminent wishes to Induce us to leave for
Tientsin 0 under" safe-^conduet;;but until
now; we have not fallen in with this
r VIENNA, Aug. 9.— The Foreign Office
has . received the ¦ following from Dr. A.
von' Rosthorn. < secretary of the Austro-
Hungarian legation at Peking, dated Au
gust 4: : :
"I should . you ¦ that .\ should ,: We
not depart; from-Peking the foreign forces
coming .< to': our i rescue;: should. be of;suf
ficient '. number s. to » insure ' the - safety and
convoy*; of 800 foreigners, of .whom ; 200 are
•women 5 and l children ? and ¦;¦ fifty :*. wounded
and ,*;, more i j than .* 3000 :« native j Christiana,
whom ;we ¦ cannot i leave ¦ to *be ; massacred.
In : any* case * a > Chinese l escort i should ' not
be considered, f I hope that my.cipheri No, v ;
1,"> dated fAugust [3,1 has been ¦ transmitted.'^
'! | The J dispatch .referred s to : by I M.v Plchon
has J not \ yet \ reached > the \ French ;- Foreign
departure from Peking under: escort and
beg ¦ us ; to : arrange . our /departure . and : fix
adate.' ; We have, responded itothe-Tsunpr
li ; Yamen Lthat; we >. could* not. leave our
posts : without i instructions from ; our Gov
ernments,', to. whom leave, the question^
; BERLIN, Aug. '.S.-^TheiGovernmenf has
received | another; telegram | from | Herr. Bu -'
low, ¦' first • secretary. 1 ; of ¦ the : German»lega
tlon in ; Peking, .which is not; dated.^but
= Bays:.. .' ¦..¦.-.',¦ ."-Q'.y'v'- - ¦:,'¦-¦¦¦
i>5 'JiThe French legation' building,- although
destroyed* by, the Boxers, not only. 1 affords
SHELTERED IN THE
FRENCH LEGATION
expectation of the officials : of * the .. "War
Department that . the reconnaissance ,: in
force ' will :¦ continue, although ; nothing^ Is
said as coming from : General Chaff ee •• to
that effect. - . - ' . ' _ . '.
*"*card that cty; is believed to have correla
tive significance. It is also; believed that
tho resistance by, the Chinese has not
been and will not be as great as antici
pated by some, authorities, .who said the
Chinese^ force consisted .of^the • best \ of
; their 'army. '^ The' movement\"bf -Yangtsuri
Is '¦ in - accordance ".- with . information » con^
tained in the dispatch from General ;Chaf-*
I fee,*! which " was not: made ' public,* "aha | also*
In ¦ a dispatch 'which -was 'made .public
after* Peitsang had been . taken. . It ¦ is the
both from a military and ' diplomatic
point of . view, as much Jmproved." , Th6
promise of cipher communication with the
Ministers in Peking, together :< with - the
advance of the . international . forces .'. tb-
PARIS. Aug. 9.— At a meeting held to
day,of representatives of the 4000 'cabmen
who have been . on strike - in i Paris since
Sunday it was decided to continue the
strike. «
Will Continue the Strike.
, In ' future when one visits the Pantheon he
will - see two tombs — In one of which lies the
body of the father of Italian unity. Victor Em
manuel, and In the other the son who nobly
maintained that unity. King Humbert I.
-Signorina Polletlni sang Mercadante's
"Salve Maria." and Slgnor "Wanrell gave
Marlani's "Invocation to God." • The
closing number was the Italian "Royal
March," played by the band, the audience
standing during its rendition. ¦
Above all, Humbert will be revered as a Kin?
who was not only Kins but was alst, the
brother of all Italians. He 'was more especially
the brother of the unfortunate. He was always
the first to hasten to give succor wherever there
was danger or, disaster. All Italy remembers
to-day how he went among the people at the
tim« of.tHt floods in Northern Italy: how he
went fearlessly amons the falling walls at the
pcene of the earthquake at Casamlcciola; how,
contrary to the advice of his Ministers, he went
among the people stricken with cholera at Na
ples, actually working with his own hands In
assisting the nurs«s to care for the sick. .
When the - first attempt waa made on the
King's life. Garibaldi,' the most rabid republi
can, sent this message:' "To you, loyal and
virtuous King, my congratulations for having
escaped." I. will tell you something: that you
Aiay. not know to show you the King's great
ness of heart. : He pensioned the mother of the
man who attempted to kill him, and no one
knew of the pension until after her death.
When the news of the crime . reached San
Francisco Italians cried out In the . depths of
their sorrow, * l W'hy should they take so good a
man — a man who was so great a factor in the
unification of Italy, who stood always for the
liberty of his country?"
In 1SS2 when Garibaldi died Giovanni Bavlo
said. "A man Is dead and it teems that the
whole people has died with him." These word*
seem to fit this occasion. The whole work!
Krieves for the death of Humbert, except the
bloody as5as?lns who planned to take his life.
now determine to stand always for liberty and
equality before the law, else our government
and every other must perish and with them
individual liberty amone men.
We pay the poor tribute of our words. Italy
has suffered much, but as in the past her ban
ner will still be left, the emblem of reunited
Italy, liberty, law and order. -^_
SIgnora Repetto sang Bellini's "Elegy."
and her notes went straight to the hearts
of the mourning people. Slgnor Ferrari
sang the prayer. "Pleta Slgnor." by Stra
della; and Slgnor - Russo sang Rossi's
"Ave Maria." - Verdi's prayer from "Si
mon Boccanegra" was rendered by Nlc
collnl.;
Joseph Calegari3 delivered an eloquent
oration in Italian. Following is a trans
lation of a portion of It:
- A > foul ; and ; Infamous crime • has - been com
mitted and a good and noble King has: fallen.'
In . that < ancient ; city i toward which the world
turns with veneration: there* lies dead 'the man
who but yesterday .was in- the full flush of man
hood; Yonder in Rome lies h the King ?. who
was honorary president. /Dr.^G. E. Cag
lieri was master of ceremonies. Seated
on' the platform to .the right and left of
Chevalier Fugazi were-' S. ,M. Shortridge
and Joseph Calegarls, the orators of the
occasion; Lieutenant Governor Neff, now
acting as Governor in the absence of Gov
ernor Gage, . and the foreign Consuls in
full uniform. The Consuls present were:
Acting Consul E. Scodeletti, representing
Italy; Henry Lund, Sweden and Norway;
Vice Consul. Paul Antoine. France; Wel
lesley Moore. Great Britain: Leon Guls
laln. Belgium; Count Hirokichi Mutsu,
Japan ; Consul General Arsimovltch, Rus
sia; Consul General Rosenthal, Germany;
Ignacio da Costa Duarte, Portugal; Con
sul General Coney, Mexico: Enrique de la
Vega, Brazil: Eustorjio Caideron. Hon
duras; Juan Astorga Pereira. Chile; Louis
Kaesar,' United States Consul at Mazat
lan.
The members of the executive commit
tee in charge of the celebration also had
seats on the^ platform. They were the
following gentlemen: F. Cavagnaro. pres
ident: G. Almagla, secretary; M. L. JPe
rasso, assistant secretary; Hon.^L.C. Pai
mleri, treasurer: Chevalier J. F. Fugazi,
F. Ziero, P. C. - Rossi. G. Iaccherl, M._J.
Fontana; B. Cheli, Dr. P. de Vecchi^pr.
G. E. Caglierl, Dr. E. N. Torello, A. Ghe
rlnl. J. A. Devoto, W. J. Demartini, ; F.
Delmonte. P. Antonelli. J. C. Sala. G. B.
Levaggi." T. BRCigalupi, A. Olmo, Cheva
lier J. Calegarls and G. Cincotta. f
An < immense Italian, flag hung in front
of the organ pipes and American and
Italian flags were s used : profusely . In the
decorations. Festoons of -evergreens and
roses were suspended '- from the gallery
rail to the chandeliers. : A tall pillar stood
on the platform to the left of the center;
surmounted by a 'bust of King Humbert.
Behind the pillar were draped the Italian
colors and at either side of the stage were
arranged the colors of the various Ital
ian 'societies/: . ' - - '
The words "Qui riposa . un popolo con
stemma di sorranoV in huge floral letters
were susupended above : the front ' of the
stage", and above those seated on the plat
form were -the -words, "In memorla del
Re Leale Umberto I." "In memory of our
loyal : King. Umberto 1 1.")
The following societies .were represented
at the services : ¦ Garibaldi Guards, Italian
Veterans, Cavalleria Genova; Lega Tos
cano.i Scavengers' I Protective Union, Ital
ian Benevolent . Society, ¦. Committee : in Aid
of the Poor.- :;
• Chopin's Funeral March and "Nearer,
My ; God, to ? Thee" were played by Spa
dlna's 'band," .then t Samuel - M. Shortridge
was introduced to deliver, the English ora
tion. " He ¦ spoke ; in part as follows :
(ga : ONS of Italy; and Americans who
feel :. sympathy^ for : them "1 in .their,
Ci^J} sorrow: filled Metropolitan ; ,Temple.
,, : to ' its , standing-room .capacity ; yes- ]
terday 2 afternoon - at « the : memorial • exer
cises held In honor of 'King Humbert. The
service was**made t notable ? by the ' pres
ence of so 7 large - a 1 part ; of the Italian
Eloquent Words of Praise
and Sorrow For ;
Humbert.
EXERCISES IN
MEMORY OF
ITALY'S KING
"The iron crown"- which was carried be
hind* i the casket Is the celebrated '.'Iron
crown" of Lombardy, constructed of' iron
and • gold, for tBe King of ' the Lombards
In 591. This is the crown which Napoleon
Bonaparte. first joined to that of France
at Milan in 1805. - It was used. at the coro
nation of Charlemagne."
One hundred Deputies, representing all
parties, met this afternoon .In Aflint
Clterro and ' decided to establish instlni
tions for consumptives In all parts of Italy
under the patronage of Humbert I. ¦¦¦ ~\
KHKSB£5@r£& • ' .' ' ;
It is almost literally true that Rome
did not sleep last night. People /from tho
provinces poured into the capital to wit
ness , the ceremony, until the sidewalks
were crowded so that circulation was
practically impossible.
It was a weird sight, for, In addition
to Ihe funeral decorations, the electric
lights and other ' illuminating apparatus,
covered with black bunting, gave every
thing a peculiarly somber hue.
At dawn the people began to seek va
rious points of vantage in order ,to wit
ness the cortege, while an immense
crowd gathered in a plaza before the rail
way station, where a genuine crush oc
curred, it being estimated that no fewer
than 100,000 people assembled there. Dur
ing the ceremony all business was sus
pended. : The cortege was an imposing
sight. It was six kilometers long, and the
procession solemnly moved along avenues
that were hung with deepest mourning
between the station and the Pantheon.
During the afternoon the Pantheon was
opened to the public, but the crowd was
so great that the gates had to bo closed
to prevent accidents.
Crowds of People.
the foreign Princes left the Pantheon at
11 o'clock and returned to the Qulrlnal.
SCENE IN THE TEMPLE DURING THE HUMBERT MEMORIAL EXERCISES.
The Government at Washington has
taken, no action in the nature of a pro
test, and it' is stated ,ofQclalIy that* no
such action will be taken. On the con
trary, the United States Government rec
ognizes th« right of any power, to protect
Its citizens or their interests when ''they
ere supposed to be in jeopardy. ¦' As Indi
cative of this policy, it is said in the high
est official Quarters that if tho United
States citizens at Amoy, China.^were re
ported to be In danger this Government
would proclaim its right to send an armed
force for their protection. This right of
protection claimed by the United States
is conceded to be open to all powers alike.
At the same time, the State Department
recognizes that there is a question of,wis
dom Involved in this particular landing of
troops. As to whether our .Government
would express any doubt upon the. wisdom
of the movement,- the o^lclaisjSecllnejws
ltlvely to eay." "*
< Secretary Boot regards the situation,
X>a.te in the day the State Department
received an important dispatch from Con
eul General . Goodnow at Shanghai, re
counting the landing of British troops at
that point. The Consul does not state
that he has protested against this action,
and the State Department judged from
this that no protest would have been
made by him in the absence of instruc
tions. He. stated, however, that the mer
chants'of the city strongly disapproved
the landing of the British troops* fearing
that it would Incite the Chinese to hos
tilities.
Landing Troops at Shanghai.
On Its Own Responsibility.
This action by the United States was
taken solely on its own responsibility
without consulting other powers as to the
advisability of the demand. The use of
the word demand In the note thoroughly
Indicates the urgency of the message. In
the technical parlance of diplomacy it
differs from an ultimatum, which usually
fixes a date or sets a time within which
there must be compliance, the failure of
compliance during the stated time being
a ground for war. While a demand Is
less specific as to time of compliance.' it
none the less asserts a Dosltive right
which the Government will enforce If the
right be not conceded. Owing to the dif
ficulty of communication with Peking, it
Is expected that some days must elapse
before an answer can be received, and
there is a disposition to grant all reasona
ble time for Its transmission.
Minister Wu worked assiduously on the
mrsfage during to-day, translating it first
from English to Chinese and then into
the cipher code of ChJna. Owing to the
gravity of the document, this work re
quired scrupulous exactness and time, but
it is probable thatthe message is by* this
time en its way to the Chinese Govern
ment.
We nre ai^o advised by the Fame dlfpatch
frrm Minister Conirrr that in his opinion for
the fcreUrn Minsters to leave Peking as pro
posed in th« edict of Aupun 2 would be cer
tain death. In view of the fact that the
imperial troops are now Crinifupon the lega
tion*, and in view of the doubt expressed "by
the imperial Government in its edict of August
2 a« to its power to restore order and secure
absolute safety in Peking, it Is evident that
this eprn-hension le well founded, for if your
Government cannot protect our Minister in Pe
king !t will presumptively be unable to protect
him upon a Journey from Peking to the coast.
We therefore urre upon the imperial Govern
ir.er.t thst it Fhall edopt the course Fugpested
la th« third rlauw of the letter of the Presi
dent to hi* Majesty the Emperor of China of
July 23. V#f. ar.d enter into communication
¦n-Uh the relief expedition, po that co-operation
may be soured bttwr-en them for the liberation
o. the legation?, the protection of foreigner* and
the restoration of order. Such action on the
pert of the imperial Government would be a
ft.*. Is factory demonstration of Us friendliness
end desire to attain these en<?8.
ALVEY A. ADEE, Acting Secretary
Department of Etate. Washington. August 9
We ere advist-d by him in a brief dis
rstrh received Aupuft 7 that imperial troops
ere fir-in* daily upon the Ministers in Peklngr.
V.v demand the immediate cessation of hostile
attacks <*>>- Imperial troop* upon the legations
rnd urje the exercise or every power and en
rrry cf the imporial Government for the pro
fcticn r*f the lr-aticns and ail foreigners
therein.
We arv availing our**>lv«i of th* opportunity
cff<>rwl by thr Imperial edict of the 5th of Au
f:\tft allowing to the foreign Ministers free
rcmmunlcation with their respective Govern
ments in either and have pent a communica
tion to Minister Conger, t-^ which we await an
?nsr,er.
transmitted to Minister Wu last evening.
The document is as follows:
Innumerable flags were displayed at
half-mast and the funeral decorations
which hung from the - windows , were so
universal throughout the city that it can
Behind the casket was the master of
ceremonies of the court, bearing the
"iron crown," and following Mm was the
late King Humbert's beautiful ,2)ay war
horse, which was a very great favorite
with the deceased. The horse was cov
ered with long black diaping.
Bringing up the rear of the cortege
were the flags of the army, with an
honorary escort, several municipal and
provincial deputations, and finally a
squadron of cavalry. •>
When the head of the procession
reached the Panthecn an : enormous
crowd occupied every available foot of
space. All the adjacent streets and the
windows, balconies and • terraces in the
vicinity were also filled with spectators.
Not a whisper of conversation interrupted
the solemnity of the scene, the multitude
remaining in respectful silence with/un
covered heads. .-,'" :
' As was the > case in the .square before
the railroad station, the streets through
which the procession: passed were draped
with black, and along the route poles
were erected x covered with cypress
branches and with stringlngs of palms en
twined with black bunting -stretched
across the streets. -J3HBSI
"The Iron Crown."
Just ahead of the casket were about
one hundred priests ajid one hundred
friars, including the court chaplains.
The gun carriage bearing the casket
was drawn by six horses and was sur
rounded by officers and functionaries of
the civil and military houses of the
roval Princes and of the late King and
was immediately preceded by the late
King's general aid-«le-camp, Avogardo
des Comes di Quinto. on horseback,
bearing the sword of the late- King. As
the body of the dead monarch was borne
along toward the Pantheon many of those
present in the crowded street wept freely.
On the right side of the casket walked
the President of the Council of Ministers.
Signor Saraclo; the First Vice President
of the Senate and the Chevalier Annunclo.
On the left of the casket were the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Mar
quis Viseonte Venosti; the president of
the Chamber of Deputies, Slgnor Villa,
and former Premier Crispi.
Priests and Friars.
After the casket had been placed on a
gun-carriage King Victor Emmanuel III
took his place at the head of the Princes,
who followed the remains. Behind his
Majesty were the Duke of Aosta, the
Count of Turin, the Duke of Genoa, tho
Duke of Oporto, Prince Ferdinand of
Genoa and other royal visitors. Follow
ing them were the members of the dip
lomatic corps and the special envoys.
Preceding the cortege, which was most
imposing in its magnificence, was a bat :
tery of artillery, a band of music am.
then a battalion from each division of the
Italian army and Marine Corps, many
army and navy officers, representatives
of scientific and educational institutions
the Mayors and municipal officers of
Rome and Turin, deputations from all thii
bureaus of, the Government, and behind
these were the most important state
bodies, including the Cabinet Ministers;
Senators and Deputies, whose appearance
made a striking group.
Led by the New King.
ROME. Aug. 9.— The train bearing
the remains of the late King of
Italy. -which left Monza at 4:2S p.
m. yesterday, accompanied by the
Duke of Aosta. the Count of Turin
and the Duke of Oporto, arrived here at
6:30 a. m. to-day, immediately after that
hour ten non-commissioned officers of
cuirassiers carried the casket containing
the body- of the late King from th<?
funeral train to the large hall of the rail
road station, which had been transformed
into a chapel, hung with sable draperies
with gold ornamentation.
The first chaplain of the court, assisted
by a number of priests, pronounced the
absolution, and the cortege started for
the Pantheon, where rest the remains of
Humbert's father. King Victor Emman
uel II.
The sun was showing through a haze,
but the weather was not hot. The im
mense space surrounding the railroad
station was entirely filled with people,
and as the casket was borne into the
open air all those present uncovered
and remained bareheaded while the pro
cession was In view.
Continued From First Page.
:¦¦'«;.-¦ .•._•¦-'
ADVANCE FORCES
CAPTURED YANGTSUN
An hour before the arrival of the .fu
neral procession , Queen Helen,-, the ' Dow
ager ¦ Queen Margherita, '> former Queen
Maria of Portugal,, as well as 1 some of
the royal Princes, reached the. Pantheon
in carriages. „
The new King and the Italian ¦ Princes,
on their arrival, took ¦ up - positions on
the right side of the church, the Queens
and Princesses stationing themselves on
the left. --•:; '--"¦¦ '• ¦¦:'¦ -
The royalties and their suites,- the for
eign missions, the Cabinet Ministers,; the
members of Parliament, the officers of
state, the diplomatic corps, -the army and
navy . officials and; a . • few invited ¦ guests
•were the only persons allowed Inside the
ed ifi rr lTl]ftfl«il#tLllrtll!O "L i' ' W_lfH O|* I M W ' uMftJ UJ
There was the usual funeral litany,
which was chanted, and then - absolu
tion was again bestowed. As the Arch
bishop, assisted by all x . the clergy, blessed
the corpse, he -bowed and "inclined as •• he
prayed before the King and Queen.
After the absolution and the;celebra
tion ' of - : the . mass , the ' large ¦-; ' Ro
chan. orchestra, assisted by a choir, of
ISO -voices under Mascagni, ; rendered a se
lection from the old Italian masters.- The
effect was beautiful and the execution was
perfect: ' On the whole . the euremony ; at
the Pantheon was of a majestic
The members of the royal family ', and
At that moment so touching was the
beautiful scene that the emotion of those
present was plainly audible within the
stilled church. Tears dimmed many eyes
and sobs could be heard throughout the
hnil- iiflriiiMpwiW . :
literally be said the whole city of Rome
was in mourning.
During the inarch of the procession
several crushes occurred. Among those
present in the crowd on Via dei Ser
pentl, twenty persons •> received slight
wounds and thirty others were bruised.
The crush was ct*ise-l by the shying of
an Alpine officer's horse, frightened by
the fail of a chair from a balcony. The
crowd lied in all directions, but as soon as
the cause of the panic was known calm
.was restored and the cortege proceeded. "
A categorical denial is given to the re
port that the crush was caused by a pro
test against the municipal flag. The
crushes elsewhere were also caused by
unimportant Incidents':,.?' -
The procession marched in perfect or
der and at a slow pace. King Victor Em
manuel, who was on foot, bore 'himself
with dignity and carried his head high.
The croups of officers in full uniform
gave great brilliancy to the cortege. No
less than ltO Senators and Deputies took
part in the procession, many Radicals and
Kepublicans being among them.,
L>uring the. march Mowers were, thrown
from the windows on the passing casket.
The whole portico of the Pantheon, where
the procession arrived at 9:15 a. m.,
formed a veritable flower bed of wreaths
and flowers there deposited.
At some points attempts were made to
acclaim the new King, but such loyal ex
clamation? and applause were repressed,
as the solemn silence which prevailed
along nearly the whole route more clearly
expressed the profound grief of the peo-
Ple-
Pantheon's Decorations.
The exterior decoration of the Pantheon
was very simple. Under the immense por
tico had been erected two -large altars
upon which burned alcohol lamps. On the
steps of the altars were ' placed the
wreaths of bronze and flowers for which a
place could not be found on the cata
falque. Under the central archr opposite
. the main doorway, a large Latin cross
was suspended from the arched roof,
while black drapings and cypress wreaths
surrounded the funeral inscription in the
Interior of the temple and produced an
effect as grand as it was impressive.
The catafalque, seven meters high, was
placed on a pedestal one meter high. On
this a number of wreaths were deposited.
The upper part was covered with lilac vel
vet trimmed with gold and ornamented
with palm?. There were placed the
wreaths of the princes and other high per
sonages. Over the catafalque was erected
a gorgeous canopy with an iron cupola
supported by sixteen artistic, slender col
umns. In the cupola were 100 lighted
lamps, and around the catafalque were
forty-eight wax tapers suspended by ar
tistic chains.
When the casket reached the" Pantheon
the non-commissioned officers of cuiras
siers lifted it from the gun carriage and
carried it into the church, v/here it was
received by Monslgnor the Count of Reg
gio. Archbishop of Genoa, who was in. his
pontifical robes and surrounded by the
cathedral functionaries. The casket was
then raised to the top of a catafalque sur
mounted by the "Iron Crown." and on it
were placed the helmet and sword of King
Humbert. k ¦ ~-
Touching Scene.
THE PANTHEON, ROME, WHERE KING HUMBERT'S BODY
RESTS. /
The Pantheon Is a magnificent building erected at Rome by Agrippa about
25 B. C, and dedicated by himself as a temple of all the gods because of its
beauty. . For nearly thirteen centuries it has "served as a Christian church,
having been dedicated by Boniface IV about 697 to the Virgin Mary and all
the martyrs. It is now known as Santa Maria della Rotondo, from its cir
cular plan. Its external diameter is 1SS feet, and it is covered by a hemis
pherical dome 142 feet 6 inches in span, the entire height being about 141 feet.
It is lighted by a circular orifice 26 feet in diameter at the summit of the
dome. It has in frint a noble octastyle portico of Corinthian columns 103 feet
wide. But two persons have been before buried In the Pantheon, one of them
being Raphael, the artist, and the other King Victor Emmanuel, father of
Kins Humbert.
Tliere can be no such thins as liberty with
out law and without order. Let us here and
By the opinion of the world he was a manly
King, a loyal subject to the constitution, a
scatterer of blessings, a doer of good deeds, a
sovereign who observed the laws of his country.
loved his peoplp and who was the champion of
constitutional government. . Only yesterday he
wa« quick with the consciousness of power and
willing to do the deeds of righteousness and
charity. To-day he is silent in death.
All men who believe in law. in constitutional
liberty, are mourning and uttering: their lamen
tations over the untimely death of King Hum
bert of Italy.
All Rome in ; Mpurnimg,
'While Thousands of
People Assemble to
Vie w the Funeral/
Service at the Pantheon Most
Impressive, the Multitude in
Attendance Being Seemingly
Awed by the Solemn
Spectacle.
colony, supplemented by hundreds of peo
ple of Anglo-Saxon ancestry; by the num
ber'of distinguished men in attendance,
and by a most exceptional programme.
Oratory was heard that stirred the audi
ence with its tributes to the dead King
and its- denunciations of the dastardly
deed of the assassin. Songs ¦ were sung
that moved to tears, the tribute of great
artists to a great King.
J. ; F. Fugazi was president of the day.
E. Scodeletti, the acting Italiaji Consul,
HUMBERT'S BODY BORNE TO THE
TOMB WITH IMPOSING CEREMONY
All Other British Officers
Were to Have Been
Shot^
Probably Part of a Conspiracy of
Which the Attempted Rising
at Johannesburg "Was the
First Indication.
PRETORIA PLOT
TO MAKE LORD
"BOBS" PRISONER
LONDON. Aug. lO.-The Dally News
publishes the following dispatch from its
correspondent:
PRETORIA, Aug. 9.-A plot to shoot all
the British officers In this town and -to
take Lord Roberts prisoner has most op
portunely been discovered. Ten of the
leaders in the plot have been arrested and
are now in jail. This Is probably a part
of the conspiracy of which the attempted
rising at Johannesburg was the first indi
cation.
Everything was prepared in the plot to
make Lord Roberts a prUorcr and qhool
the British officers and the conspiracy
was only discovered at the last moment.
The conspirators numbered about fifteen.
They had planned to set fire to the houses
in the extreme western part of the city,
hoping that the troops would be concen
trated there. The plan was that then the
conspirators were forcibly to enter the
houses occupied by British officers, thess
having been previously marked, and kill
the occupants. All the Boer sympathizers
were acquainted with the plot and sev
eral had been told off to secure the per
son of Lord Roberts and to hurry, nim
to the nearest commando, Horses bad
been obtained for this purpose. Then the
British learned the names of the ring
leaders, who were put under arrest. The
affair has created a tremendous sensa
tion.
The following report, dated Pretoria.
August 8, has been received from Lord
Roberts:
Kitchener was informed yesterday by an es
caped British prisoner that Dewet'a wagons
had crossed the Vaal. Afterward I beard the
sound of guns which, I think, must have Veen
Methuen's, as I directed him to take up a po
sition between Potchefstrooxn and Llndlque,
where he could intercept the enemy, who cross
ed the river at Dewetsdorp. Kltchaner Is
crossing: the Vaal with cavalry and mounted
Infantry.
Hunter reports that h» made 4149 prisoners
In the Bethlehem-Harrlsmlta district, a. ma
jority of whom are now en route for Care
Town. Three guns and 4000 horses were cap
tured and ten wagon loads of ammunition and
135,000 rounds of ammunition were destroyed.
The garrison of Elands River, which I fear
has been captured, consisted of about 300 bush
men and Rhodeslans. I had hoped that Car
rington had been in time to withdraw the ear
rison. but It seems that Delarey, learning of
Ian Hamilton's approach to Rustenburg, har
ried westward ar.d surrounded the garrison be
fore Carrinuton arrived.
Methuen telegraphs that h» enraged & part
of De-wet' » force yesterday near Benterskroon.
He drove the enemy off a succession of hills,
which they held obstinately. Our casualties
seven men killed or wounded. Including four
officers.
BKRLJX. Aug. ».— The Foreign Office,
referring to-day to the presence of the
Boer representatives and of Dr. Leyds in/
Berlin, said that the delegation was hero
in an unofficial capacity only, and that It
was not likely that any power would, en
deavor to secure favoraole peace terms
for the Boers in the final settlement. Dr.
Leyds and the delegation, however, had a
conference this morning with Herr von
Dorenthal, privy councilor, who Is repre
senting Count von Bulow during the ab
sence of the Minister of Foreign Affairs
on his vacation.
Later in the day Mr. Fischer of the
delegation said to the correspondent of
the Associated Press In the presence of
Dr. Leyds: "The burghers or the South
African republic don't Intend to give up
the tight. They will continue guerrilla
warfare, splitting up into small bands, and
they will ceaselessly disturb the British,
inflicting In the ag-gTegate more damage
In this way than they could inflict in a
big war."
«*xlKts. to a«ivi In organizing them. This
¦n-ork of uniting the forces of law and liberty
Into one creat systematized civic army ghould
bf carried en simultaneously in every part of
The country and without delay. The friends of
lensed American theory of political equality
everywhere under our flag rannct afford to be
Ws zealous or less active than the advocates
c-f an American colonial empire supported by
rifles. No patriotic citizen can ijrnore the at
tacks which are bcint made U|x>n the very
foundation of our present Irreproachable form
cf roverr.raent This year every citizen should
»* a politician. Clubs and societies should at
«'nce communicate with the secretary of the
National Association of Democratic Clubs. 1370
Broadway, New York City, bo that the united
membership may work systematically in de
fense cf the republic as the fathers made it.
All Democratic candidates. State and local, are
requested to aid the National Association of
Ex-iroeratic Clubs in this work.
*^V. J BRYAV
ADLAI E STEVENSON..
JAMES K. JONES.
Chairman National Democratic Committee. '
W. U. HEARST,.
President National Association Democratic
Clubs.
Leaders Issue an Address to the Dem
ocrats of the Country Urging ,
Them to Unite in Form
ing Clubs.
. — .
CHICAGO. Aug. S.— William J. Bryan,
his wife and son. the Stevenson party.
Governor and Mrs. Thomas of Colorado
ond John I. Martin, sergeant -at-arms of
the national convention, arrived in this
city at 5:36 p. m. to-day. Mr. Bryan and
party were driven to the Auditorium,
where Mr. Bryan will remain for several
days for the i>urpose of consultation with
Chairman Jom-s and members of the na
tional committee regarding the conduct
of the campaign. When Mr. Bryan leaves
here h« will go to his home in Lincoln to
remain there during the balance of the
month, Jft\ Stevenson will proceed to
Lake Minnctonka with -his family, where
he will remain for some weeks.
The following address was issued to
r.ight:
To the pemcx-rats of the United States: The
Democratic party and Us friends must meet
the forces of corruption and intimidation in
jKjIitic? this y^ar by thorough organization.
A Ttemofratic club or society should be organ
ized In et'wFy <?;ty. town, village and precinct
in the Tnitea States. Democrats and all who
Bre in sympathy with the principles set forth
in the Kansas City platform are earnestly
ur^ed to Join Democratic clubs, cr ¦where none
At Present in Chicago, but
Will Return to His
Home for Rest.
BRYAN COSSULTS
WITH NATIONAL
CHAIRMAN JONES
THE SAN FRAJNCISCa VCALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.
2
ABVKKTISKM UtTTS.
NOTICE
Redemption o Bonds
Holders of bonds of the
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Are hereby notified that there la now In th»
hands of the undersigned trustee, under th»
mortgage or deed of trust by which th« pay-
ment of Bald bonds Is secured, the sum of on*
hundred thousand dollars in sold, which under
the terms of said mortgage, la applicable to th*
redemption or purchase of said bonds, and that
the undersigned will receive sealed bida at Us
office, situated at
2 MONTGOMERY STREET, ~
IN THE
CITY AND COUNTY
S/\IS P="R/*IN CISCO,
For the surrender of said bonds, until
12 M. ONJTHURSDAY,
9th DAY OF AUGUST, I90O,
at which tlm* proposals will be opened. No bid
will be considered exceeding 10 per cent aboT*
the face value of bonds. Proposals to be
Indorsed "Proposals for the Surrender of First
Mortgage Bonds Oceanic Steamship Company."
UNION TRUST COMPANY
of San Francisco, Truste*.
Dated August 2. 1900.
No More Bread oHhe Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our lat»
scientific method ¦ applied to the gums. No
sleep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors in San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten yeajs.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIX. Full set o«
teeth Jo; a perfect fit (ruaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. 15. Gold flllinKS. IL Silver 1111-
lnps 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 13 to 20 years' experience, an.i
each department in charge of a specialist. Glvs
us a call and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise "We will tell you In advanc*
"acUy what your work will cost by a FRED
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO
MAIN OFFICE. ........PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in usa over fifty
years by the leaden of th»
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th»
. worst cases In old and youn?
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lest
Manhood. Impitency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desire?. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Untltness to Mar-
ry Loss of Semen, mrm *•** Varicocele or Con-
gtl'ration. Stops ne **% fj rvous Twltchln j
of Eyelids. Effects JS^rajT^are Immediate.
Impart vigor and cc "'" potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
band. Restores small. . undeveloped organ*, r
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50q si
box; « for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee'-*
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circular-* v
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St.," San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRCO C<X,
SS and 40 Third st.Healy advised the department to grant
thi3 privilege several days ago. He said
that at present Japanese were going
through across the boundary line from
British Columbia in snite of the officers.
They were stopped often, but they sim
ply waited around for a better chance and
a few days later they would be found far
south of the boundary line. Permission
was also . asked and will probably be
granted later for a change in the arrange
ments ¦ for deportation.
Mr. Healy says in order to make the ar
rangement effective the Japanese should
be made to understand that they must re
spect the law, and with the small force of
twenty-five men this could not be done
unless they were armed. ¦
Mr. Healy's proposition is to round up at
once all the Japs who have wrongfully
entered, confine them temporarily in the
nearest jail and then deport them ta
Japan. It is probable in this connection
that arrangements will be made by the
Dominion and Provincial governments to
render whatever assistance is necessary.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 9.— Japanese
are to be kept out of Uncle Sam's domains
at the point of the. rifle. Hon. David E.
Healy, United States Immigration Com
missioner in British Columbia, to-day re
ceived orders from the Treasury* Depart
ment at Washington to have armed the
American police on the International
boundary line to keep Japanese from en
tering the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All Who , Have Illegally Crossed Over
•¦ From Canada Will How Be
Rounded Up and Deported
Mf ;;to Japan.
HUNDREDS ARE EYADIHG OFFICERS
Drastic .Measures to Compel
Obedience of Immigra
tion Laws.
ARMED POLICE
WILL DRIVE BACK
THE JAPANESE
BEDDING. Au?. 9.-C. E. Keller of
I>avis. Neb., was found last night, bleed-
Ing and unconscious, beside the railroad
track in the suburbs of Anderson, twelve
m'les south of Redding. He had evidently
f'k-Wi or been shoved off the northbound
C^iiornla express and was badly bruised
&n<l cut about the. face and body. He had
a soli watch and considerable money on
his person when found. He may die.
Fell From a Train.
Haley, the convict who was shot down
by the prison guards while attempting to
et-capft, is not expected to recover from
his wound. The load of buckshot that
tore through h's body has caused blood
I-olsoninj? and the prison surgreons enter
tain email hope of 'lis s recovery. An
operation will be performed on him ' to^
morrow as a last resort.
PBISOU DIRECTORS MEET.
pected to Live.
Fr^c'.al Di^natch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 9.— At the resTular
monthly meeting of the Board of Direc
tors of the State Prison, held this after
rcon at San Quentin, bids were invited for
1<<W bales of jute.
Tho nijfht euard will be furnished wltn
r.ew quarters. A building to cost $2000 will
be err-ctod for them, where they can ob
tain needed rest, removed from all dis
turbances. Kew quarters will also be
erected for all married officers.
Convict Shot While Escaping Not Ex-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— The following
Postmasters have been commisslonedt
California— Charles M. 'Weaver, Berlin;
Joseph W. Doane, Floriston.
Oregon— Anna Stodman, McEwen; Peter
S. Jorpensen, AxtelL
The following Postmasters have- been
appointed: CaJifornlar— H. F. Peters, llc-
Kittrlck. Kern County, vice E. N. Moore,
reclamed. 'W'
Washington— J. H. Monaghan. Howe
Valley. Skamania County, vice John Ka
nekkeberg. removed.
Pensions granted to-day: California —
Oritrinal— Martin M. Kaufmar., Riverside,
$6; "Zachary Dicker. Pasadena, JC; Wil
liam C. Potter. San Jose. $10. Additional-
Charles M. Dexter, Riverside, 56.
Oregon— Reirsue and increase— Stephen
M EbVym, Park Place. $8. Original widow
—Amanda A. Johnson, Salem. $8.
Washington— Original— John A- I* Gyer,
Ranicr. SS; John Gamer. Cheney. 56. In
crease-Daniel Peregrin, _ Tenino. S3.
Charles W. HaJnes. Deep Creek Falls. IS.
Original widow— Margaret L. Utter, Bu
tDda, $12.
Postmasters Commissioned and Ap
pointed, Postal Changes and
Pensions Granted,
Capitalists Negotiating for the Pur
chase cf the Plant at Redwood
City.
Ep*c!al Disnatch «o The Call.
REDTTOOD CITY. Aug. 9.— A movement
has been started to reopen the asbestos
works in this city, started several months
in by Messrs. Qualey and Hanmore.
A company composed of A. M. de Solla
of Alameda,. W. M. Thornton and Mr.
Terrinjrton of San Francisco has secured
'~ issession of the plant and announces
that It will soon be In operation and run
to Its full capacity.
The factory is fitted tip with modern
machinery and drying houses for turning
out large quantities of the product, which
finds a ready market.
The new owners are In consultation with
the Consolidated Light and Power Com
pany, and expect to use electricity to run
their machinery. They are known to be
men of capital, whose connection with the
enterprise insures Its success.
ZNTEBESTS THE COAST.
ASBESTOS WORKS MAY
SOON BE REOPENED
PERILOUS PLIGHT
OF TWO FISHERMEN
OFF SANTA CRUZ
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 9.— A heavy
wind caused two fishing-boats to
capsize in the bay toward evening
Wednesday, and for half an hour
the occupants were compelled to
hang on to their skiffs.
A fisherman named Gore was a
long distance out when his- boat
turned turtle. For over half an
hour he clung to his boat. It was
bottom side up, and he managed
to straddle it. John Perez happen
ed to pass by. He was out In a
large sailboat | with a party of
pleasure-seekers. Gore was | taken
aboard almost exhausted. His boat
was also placed on deck and was
taken to Capitola. •
Mr. Canepi. a fisherman from this
city, met with the same fate as
Gore. His boat -was capsized off
Soquel Point, and for more than an
hour he was astride the keel of his
boat.
He was found by one of the
fishermen employed by the Perez
Fishing Company and was taken
to Santa Cruz.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 9.— The Republican County
Central Committee has been notified by Chair
man Hooper of the Seventh District Congres
sional Committee that the district convention
will be held August 27. at Coronado. ¦
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 9.— The Young Men's
Institute will convene In this city on August
20 and.be in session four days. A social en
tertainment by the local people will take place
durlnpr the stay. Two hundred delegates from
all parts of the State are expected.
VICTORIA, B. C. Augr. 9.— To test the Im
pregnability of Esquimau harbor two torpedo
boats and torpedo boat' destroyers made an at
tempt to enter that harbor last night without
being observed. Long before they reached the
entrance to the harbor searchlights from
parlous forts made them good targets for the
blc puns.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. .9.— It Is rumored
here that It Is the intention of George F
Wilcox, the Lytton Springs uxoricide not
to stand another trial, but that he intends
to plead guilty. He will probably do so
to-morrow. He refuses to talk about the
matter. The rumor is based upon good
authority.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 9.— Henry Slm
monds, the youth arrested for burglary
at the Osborne house, and who escaped
from the lone School last month will be
sent back to the school. Judge Burnett
has decided to adopt this course, the su
perintendent having expressed his willing
ness to take him back.
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug-. 9.— The big liner
Glenog-le cleared this morning for Japan. There
were only a few- cabin passengers and about
twenty Chinese in the steerage, but she car
ried 9M60 sacks of flour, mostly the product of
Washington mills, destined for Japan and coast
cities in China. In addition to the flour she
has a great quantity of general ptore supplies.
About 2u00 steel rails were taken to Japan to
build driveway tracks in the mines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Wash,. Aus. 9.— W. G. Pearce as-
Flatant general superintendent of the Northern
Pacific nallroad and general manager of the
Seattle and International, was to-day appointed
assistant to the president, with headquarters at
Tacoma. This makes Mr. Pearce a member of
the executive department of the Northern Pa
cific system and gives him control not only of
matters pertaining to the operating depart
ment, but in the traffic, construction and ex
ecutive departments as well.
AFRO-AMERICANS INDIGNANT.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— The Afro-American
League of California' opened its annual
session In the Zlon -Methodist EpiscoDa'
Church to-day and its meetings were
somewhat stormy. President George In
graham presided, ' about thirty delegates
being present.
Rev. Mr. " Jackson of the local colored
church stated that' Professor Dalley of
the State Normal School had said in an
interview that the Southern negro was
on a plane, intellectually, with the ba
boon.' This was considered an insult and
Mr. Jackson wanted, the matter investl
gated. He said Dailey and his friends had
been to him. to straighten out. the matter
but he thought the matter,was too grave
to let go by. -Dailey was denounced- in
vigorous terms. . A> committee was ap
pointed to prepare resolutions on the mat
ter.
Accused of Pocket Picking".
' RED ¦, BLUFF, Aug. ; 9.— James ; Hill, a
.follower of J races, , was ; arrested I: at the
racetrackt to-day.. for an alleged attempt
at pocket picking and: placed under bonds
of $250. • Ball - was furnished and he " was
released. ;,. The : officers claim * Hill ¦ belongs
to ¦ a gang ! of : three • or ', four • pickpockets
following the races. •¦• , -,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 9.— Arrangements
for the thirteenth annual encampment of
the Southern California Veterans' Asso
ciation are nearly completed. The en
campment will be held at Long Beach for
ten days in September, commencing on
the 4th and lasting through till the 13th of
that month.
The general order Issued by Commander
Theodore D. ICanouse calls attention to
the pleasant times heretofore had at the
encampments, and invites all soldiers,
sailors and marines who served In the
Civil War to attend.
The programme is as follows: Tuesday,
September 4, go Into camp; Wednesday,
Southern California day: Thursday, bath
ing; Friday, women's day- Saturday, C.
S. A. excursion; Sunday, Memorial day;
Monday, school children's day; Tuesday,
excursion to CataJlna; Wednesday, elec
tion of officers; Thursday, break camp.
Republicans Meet at Vallejo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Aug. 9.— The Republican
County Central Committee met here to
dav. It rescinded all business transacted
at a meeting held some weeks ago on ac
count of the recent decision of the Su
premo Court on the Stratton law. August
18 was selected for holding State and
county primaries. . Two delegates are to
be elected from each of the Supervisorial
districts and three at large to the State
convention. Those named for delegates
at large are J. F. Brown. E. P. Hllborn
pnd H. F. Stahl. One delegate for each
: sixty votes cast for the Republican ticket
at the last general election is the appor
tionrm-nt for the county delegates. The
county convention will be held on Septem
ber 15 at Sulsun.
McNeil Arraigned.
SUISUN.'Aug. 9.— John W. McNeil has
been arraigned In the Superior Court here
on ft charge of having murdered his
nephew, J. W. McNeil, In Benlcia last
month. Defendant pleaded not guilty and
will be defended at the trial by Judge
Frick of Oakland. The defense will prob
ably endeavor to prove the shot was an
accidental one.
Caffrey Exonerated.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 9.— An inquest
•wxis held to-day on the body of Santiago
IJaldes, the Mexican • who was shot yes
terday by Frank Caff rey. According to
the testimony Baldes had attempted to
pesauk Caffrey's 13-year-old daughter, and
a" verdict of justifiable homicide was re
turned. -.
VETEBANS' ENCAMPMENT.
Programme for the Ten Bays at Long
Beach Arranged.
Murderer and His Companion Seen
by Two of the Posse, but Suc
ceed in Escaping.
Special DlEDatch to The Call.
COVELO, Aug. 9.— The latest possible
advices from the scene of the man hunt
show that Murderer King has completely
outwitted his pursuers and all trace of
him has been lost by Redwine's posse,
which returned this morning. Deputy
Sheriff Redwine has no positive informa
tion of the whereabouts of Sheriff Tay-
Vi rs^ posse> h e has not seen since
Monday night, but he believes that Tay
lor is pursuing King through the hills
and gulches into Northern Shasta or Trin
ity counties. Redwine's disbanded posse
shows evidence of exhaustion, due to fa
tigue and lack of proper nourishment.
Jim \\ heeler, a member of the posse, in
describing how they came upon King and
his supposed companion, the half-breed
Indian, says:
"Whitney and I went out from the
river until we came to a stream called
Rattlesnako Creek, which empties into
Eel River. We followed It to its mouth,
\*here we discovered going down Eel
River the tracks of two men. We fol
lowed the tracks about 150 yards and
were alarmed by a noise between us and
the creek bottom. We were at that time
en the bluff. On going to the edge of the
bluff and looking over we discovered the
fugitives rushing up together and pick
ing up their guns. We at once com
manded them to surrender, when they ran.
jumping over the creek bank. We fired
twice at them as they ran. We raided
their camp, securing two blankets, a
knife, two six-shooters, a coffee pot and
a sack of dried venison. This camp was
about 45 miles northeast of Covelo. We
examined the tracks of the fleeing men
carefully and found that they differed
greatly, one of them being made by a
email heel, boot, the heel projecting under
the foot; the other was a little larger,
having a square toe and a round, flat
heel. "We followed the tracks for several
miles and could not locate their horses
and became assured that they had aban
doned their horses several days ago
"After the fleeing men shifted their
course into the heavy timber tracking
was impossible and we were forced to
withdraw and save our horses from ex
haustion." *
Deputy Sheriff Redwine is endeavoring
to secure bloodhounds and fresh horses
and trailers for another expedition.
REDWINE ABANDONS '
THE PURSUIT OF KING
SANTA. CRUZ, Aug. ; 9.— Troop B,'; from
the capital " city, knows , 1 how i to combine
work with pleasure. This morning -tho
troop took a trip to Capitola, leaving
Camp Bangham at 7:30 and returning < at
noon. '. \ ¦ •
Troop B at Santa Cruz.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 9.— A gang of
petty thieves has been operating in this
vicinity of late and all efforts to locate
Its members have been unavailing. Their
latest depredation was tho entering of
the premises of Mrs. L. Hanson, on the
main street of the town, and stealing
about twenty valuable chickens. Not con
tent with this, the miscreants killed a
number of hens ar.d threw them into the
creek which runs back of the place. The
officers are on the watch for the offend
ers and it will go hard with them if they
are caught. '.•¦''
Republicans Meet.
Special. Direatch vo The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 9.— The Republic
ans had a very enthusiastic meeting, last
evening at the St. George Hotel. The drill
corps will be formally organized unfl of
ficers elected on next Monday; evening. A
finance committee, as follows was ap
pointed: W. C. Hoffman, Milton Besse,
Harry Cooper and. H/E. Cox. .
FRESNO, Aug. 9.— Steve Shipe, a 12
year-old boy, was accidentally shot and
killed by a playmate near Reedley this
evening with a 22-callber rifle. The boy
went to the house of a neighbor named
Lochmane, taking his new rifle with him.
The children were playing In the yard,
when Mrs. Lochmane heard a scream and
rushed out. She found the Shlpe boy ly
ing on the ground with a bullet through
his body. The lad was carried into the
houso and a physician was summoned.
When the doctor arrived, however, the
boy was dying. One of the Lochmane
children was -playing with the rifle and
discharged it, the bullet striking the
owner of the weapon in the back. .
• ¦¦ —
Chicken Thieves at "Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Killed by a Playmate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 9.— John N. Win
der, 24 years old, was killed some time
last night by falling into the elevator
shaft of the Henne building on Third
street. His body was not discovered until
about noon to-day. It is believed that
Winder while intoxicated opened the ele
vator door and stepped Into space, think
ing the elevator was there. lie fell a dis
tance of 16 feet. He is the son of Judge
Thomas L. Winder, a prominent attorney
of this city. v"
vator Shaft.
John N. Winder Steps Into an Ele-
FELL TO HIS DEATH.
MEET AT WEDDING
AND ARE MARRIED
THE NEXT DAY
Special "Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Aug. 9.— A most re
markable sequel to the Macrae-
Hall wedding of yesterday occurred
at. Mare Island to-day, when Rose
Cardwell Fitch and Lieutenant
Commander Walter S. Hughes.
U.S. N.. were married at the home
of Colonel Muse of the Marine
Corp?. The story runs that' the
couple were engaged" before and
had.-become estranged, parted and
had - not held any ' communication :
for more than a year.
They mot,/ however, at the wed
ding of Miss Macrae and Lieuten
ant Hall, and a reconciliation was
effected, which resulted in the wed
ding of to-day, all of which hap
pened Inside of twenty-four hours.
The bride wore a handsome gown
of gray and the groom was attired
in full uniform, as were the many
officers who were present. The
bride was given away by Colonel
Muse; the best man was Lieutenant
Commander W, II. Shuetze, U. S.
N. The wedding was necessarily
informal on account of the exceed
ingly short notice. The ceremony
was performed by Chaplain Boorlm
of the Philadelphia, The reception
was held immediately afterward in
the beautifully decorated parlors of
Colonel Muse. The decorations
were roses and greens.
The bride Is a strikingly hand
some.woman and a native of Ore
gon." ' The groom Is well known In
San Francisco and along the coast,
having for a long time had. charge
of tho Hydrographic Office in San
Francisco. The couple took the 4:20
train to San Francisco.
MISS BRAUNERSREUTHER, ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT COMES FROM MANILA.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 9.— Some of the
creditors of Scott McXeown, whose finan
cial troubles were precipitated yesterday
by an attachment levied on his new house
at 2316 Flgueroa street, learn with sur
prise that his bride, who was Miss Dor
othy Studebaker, is not a mem
ber of the wealthy Studebaker
family of wagon-making fame. To a
creditor, who yesterday said he expected
Mrs. McKeown's family to come to the
rescue of her embarrassed young hus
band, another creditor, who had been
posted, said: "Why, she hasn't a bean.
She is only a very distant relative of the
rich Studebakers. If we get anything
from anybody's family it must come from
the McKeowns."
The announcement In The Call yester
day that the creditors of young Mr. Mc-
Keown were clamorous for a matter of
$35,003 and had closed town upon his vis
ible assets, was a surprise even to those
persons who knew that he had squandered
In two years a patrimony of $400,000 and
was going a pace at a rate of $150 or $200
a day. It was supposed that the young
married man, who is barely over 22 years
old, had not only unlimited resources "from
his father's family, but had also married
a big fortune.
The separate claims now being pressed
aggregate somewhere between $25,000 and
$40,000. All claims are unsecured except
the one protected by a mechanics' lien on
the Figueroa-ptreet house, a $11,000 mort
gage on the Redondo pumping plant and
one for $5342 on the Patagonia mine. A
few of the creditors evidenced a great de
sire to get their money at once. Others
appeared willing to wait upon their "kid"
debtor, as they call him.
Little was accomplished by the confer
ence and no promises of family assistance
were made by E. Blakely. who represents
the mother of young McKeown. To-day
it was stated by Mr. McKeown that the
young man will be able to pay out. It
may take six months' time to do It and It
?l'i I L« requlre an expenditure of $10,000 to
Jlo.000 to protect certain of his invest
ments. The creditors will meet again to
discuss the situation.
Dorothy Studebaker Only a
Distant Relative of /tie
Wealthy Family.
?
CREDITORS OF THE YOUNG MAN MEET
He Has Squandered a Fortune in the
Past Two Years, and His Family
Has Not Proffered the
Expected Aid.
McKEOWN'S WIFE
NOT AN HEIRESS,
AS WAS SUPPOSED
FRESNO, Aug. 9.— A complaint was
fled before Justice of the Peace Tucker
::iis morning charging Fred and Frankie
-limes and Elmer Martin with murder.
They are formally accused of administer
ing: poison to William Himes and thereby
causing his death. Justice Tucker in
structed Sheriff Collins to have the boys
in court at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon,
when they will be informed of their rights
under the law and have the date of their
preliminary examination eet.
Frankie Himes, the 9-year-o!d brother
of the leader in the plot, was the only one
of the boys brought into court to-day. The
little fellow was neatly dressed and sat
in the lap of his aunt, Mrs. William Hart,
¦while the court decided what to do with
him pending to-morrow's proceedings.
Mrs. Hart and her husband pleaded lor
the tot and promised to have him In court
at the appointed hour if the Justice a4
lowed him to go home with them Instead
of sending him to the County Jail. Tucker
finally relented and permitted the aunt
and uncle to take the boy for the night.
He intimated, however, that the lad would
have to go to jail to-morrow and remain
in prison until a higher court determined
his fate.
Frankie repeats that his father never
mistreated him. On the contrary he de
clares that Himes was fond of all the
children and so proud cf them that he
vised to invite the neighbors in of an even
ing to hear them sing and recite pieces
they had memorized in school.
"\Yhy, then, did you help poison your
father?" was one of the questions asked
the boy to-day after he had told of his
father's kindness to him. "Well," said
he. "Fred thought of it first and I told
him I didn't want to kill father, but he
kept talking to me, and after a while I
fcaid I guessed it would be a good plan."
The remarkable thins abeut the boy Is
the way he kept the secret of Fred's plot-
He knew about it bofore Elmer Martin,
a much older boy than himself, but Mar
tin was the first to get frightened and con
fess. In fact, when Fred was arrested
ho exclaimed, "That Martin boy
pouea.!ed. I know Frank wouldn't." The
ctticers say that if Martin had not re
vealed the plot the cause of Himes' death
never would have been known.
There is some difference of opinion as to
the' ape of Elmer Martin, which may be
an important question when the time
comes for deriding upon his punishment.
"When he v.as lirst brought tfi jail the
Deputy District Attorney asked him how
old he was and he replied that he would
bo 14 nojet Admission day. This ¦would
mako him as o!d as Fred Himes or a llt
t!e older and ¦would have aa Important
bcttxlas on the question of his responsi
bility for the crime. He Is fully as large
.-ip the eld^r Himep boy and more husky,
but not quite so quick wltted. His a*re
vass first piven as 30 years, but It is evi
dent that he Is considerably older. In the
opinion of thA District Attorney there is
little doubt that all three of the boys will
pl<^ad R-uIIty to murder in the first degree.
This, he says, will leave the court to do
ride whether or not they knew of the
v. ronpf ulness of the crime when they ad
ministered thft poison. If they are held
recount able they must be sent to tKe
ponixentiary for life; if not, they cannot
hr punished at all.
The body of the father was to-day ship
ped to relatives at Capltola for burial.
Epeclal Dispatch to The CalL-
Attorneys Hold That the Older Two
Kay Be Sentenced to Life Im-'
prisomnent in the -State ..
Prison.
FUTURE OF TEE CHILDREN IN DOUBT
Little Frankie Himes Insists
mat His Father Was
Good to Him.
CHARGES ARE
FILED AGAINST
BOY MURDERERS
THE SAN FRANOISCOt OAIili, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.
Engagement of Lieutenant Edwin
Bricker and Miss Brauners
reuther Is Announced.
WILL BE THE BRIDE
OF AN ARMY OFFICER
Rope Can Be Placed
Around It.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 9.— Amos K. Zeig
ler, the wife murderer, was arraigned to
day and the preliminary examination set
for Saturday. He said he did not want
counsel or witnesses, and that any time
for an examination suited him. The mur
derer says he realizes the consequences
of his crime and has nerve enough to faco
the gallows. All he askj is that he bo
given a black coat and vest. He will prob
ably plead guilty. He does not care what
becomes cf him, but hopes that his neclc
will heal so the rope can be put around it.
He contends that he was driven to com
mit the crime.
He has not expressed any regret or re
morse for his brutal crime, and when
questioned talks about it as unconcernedly
as he would any ordinary subject.
The remains of Mrs. Zeieler have been
s»hipp«>d to Sebastopol, Sonoma County,
for interment.
Brings Home a Fortune.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETALtTMA. Aug. 9.— Laden with a for
tune of $100,000 X. S. Bergholt arrived
home* Wednesday from the Dawson golJ
fields. - His fortune Is the result of five
and a. half years of prospecting and min
ing. He possessed two valuable claims,
both of which he disposed of before leav
ing Dawson. One was situated on Bonan
za Creek and the other on Gold Hill-
After remaining for a short tlma at hl«
old home in this city he will visit Ger
many, his native land.
Hopes His Neck Will Heal So tha
MURDERER ZEIGLER
SHOWS NO CONCERN
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 9.— Miss Ida Colwell of this city narrowly escaped
drowning at Bolinas beach yesterday nforning and was only saved In time
by the heroic action of Dr. Miller, a Presbyterian minister.
The young 1 lady, who has been stopping at Sea Side for her vacation,
went In bathing early In the morning. The sea was running high. She
ventured too far out and was soon being tossed about in the breakers. Dr.
Miller seeing her perilous position Jumped In and swam to her Just In time
to save her from drowning. Miss Colwell was greatly exhausted and her
escape from death Is said to be miraculous.
DEADLY FEUD AMONG
NEW MEXICO BOYS
Three Are Badly Maimed and it Is
Feared That One Ib Crip
pled for Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.,~ Aug. 9.— A
Lincoln County 'feud among boys has
broken out and the fathers of the boys
have placed their offspring under peace
bonds. Archer Parker, aged 13, and
Young and Gustavo Barrott. aged respec
tively 17 and 11 years, are continually
fighting each other and all are maimed
from the fights.
Two- weeks ago, the Parker boy caught
the smaller of the Barrott boys and with
a knife silt both of his ears. Tha elder
Barrott watched ¦• his chance, and
seeing the Parker boy away from home,
chased him on horseback and the horse
trampled him to the earth. Injuring him
so badly that he cannot walk, and It Is
feared that he Is a cripple for life.
» «. \
Johnson Re-elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTH McALESTER. I. T., Aug. 9.—
Governor J. H. Johnson was yesterday re
elected Governor of the Chickasaw Na
tion by a large majority. His opponent
was ex-Governor Byrd, a full-blood
Chickasaw Indian.
Schooner Minnie Wrecked.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 9.— A Victoria
(B. C.) telegram announces the Ios9 of the
schooner Minnie. No- details are given ex
cept that the crew was saved.
Miss Ida Colwell of San Rafael
A Taken From the Breakers at
by Dr. Miller.
PREACHER RESCUES
A DROWNING WOMAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VAT^LEJO, Aug. 9.— Through yester
day's papers from Manila the an
nouncement is made of the en
gagement of First Lieutenant-Ed
win D. Bricker of the Seventeenth
Infantry, U. S. A., and Miss Brauners
reuther, only daughter of Lieutenant
Commander William Braunersreuther, U.
S. N., at present captain of the port of
Manila. The bride-elect Is a beautiful
blonde, a favorite and well known in so
ciety, both East and "West.
The groom, while not so thoroughly
known, is a youn* soldier of great prom
ise. He was graduated from West Point
in ISM, received his commission as sec
ond lieutenant in 1SS3 and a year later
was raised to a first lieutenancy.
Miss Braunersreuther was born In New
York, but has lived most of her life in
Wheeling, West Virginia, where her
father was president of a college. She
lived at Mare Island for a number o£
years and has hosts of friends here.
3
1^:1 These suits have sold for $10.00 — theg^H
|#| price was that before we started the Remodel- 1 ?#i
i^i in § sale — t0 se " m now for $5.25 is, of|^i
¦ISB course, for your benefit— no profit in it for |1%?H
W§m us — that's self-evident. But our store is noisy 1^1
Jpl and dusty— the only inviting, features about I % B
Ipv! place are the prices, which are cut in half. W$k
w?M Put up with racket and dust and you will find Sjgg
fel big values in every department ifsi
||| J Ready=riade Suits Boys' Hiddy Suits fei
Ili^H All-wool Cheviots of good Suits of blue Cheviot, ages 3 ffi'"v.^S
H'^'H weight, formerly $10.00, now as to 8 years — good^school suits — S-SS'
H'l^-'H above stated up to this sale they sold for p].v-i|§l
Ky.jlj <t» $2.2^, now we have cut them to i§:-;-;-'S§
li'v^ll Other cheviots in very desir- S'* V - : .S
&•"•''•'§ able P atterns - all- wool, too, sold Hats P-^v@
if'-^ll once' for $12.^0, sale price now £3*^1]
H'^Vra d»z o Derbys, Fedoras and Graecos — II^si
ti^''fl Fancy cheviots and black clay hat stores $i.<jo, but here they g ;y|l
fffe'ifjj worsteds,- worth $i?.oo, while are pS\B
ll£v"l tnev last through this sale price is OOC • ll
WiM Made=tO=Order Suits Golf and stiff bosom colored giSs
MfM Suits which we made to order shirts /in percale and madras, | gi
i I&'H : previous to this sale ' for $1 2. r o P air u of separate link cuffs with | .^g
R^Hand Sic.00 are now made with ea^ shirt, detachable lay down S^B
M&m as good work, from as good ma- col ] ars wlth some; worth 50c I £iiH
H-^S terial for • and 7 jc, now reduced to fe'^.S"Ab an illustration. In the Fifth Ward,
mv own ward, on the day of the primary
In" August. 1S9S. I heard that there was
something out of the way. I went to the
"The gentlemen composing that com
mittee were well-known men in this com
munity, and if there had been anything
out of the way on my part, if I had done
anything that reflected in the slightest de
gree upon Mr. Hilborn. they would have
been the ones to have called my attention
to that fact. You all know that in every
political contest, especially a primary con
test, where there is no law controlling
the subject matter, no penalty imposed
for Illegal voting, partisans in their
zeal and their desire to see their candi
dates successful sometimes will do thing*
that they ought not to do. We should
not be charged with what they, do.
"Mr. Hilborn's campaign committee, in
discussing the question of those certifi
cates, at the close of one of their state
ments published in the Enquirer of Au
gvst 23, ]S3$. said: 'In conclusion, we beg
to say that we never entertained the
thought that Mr. Metcalf was in any way
responsible for this work or had any
knowledge of it.'
there was any man injured he was th2
man, and yet on the 20th of August. 1SDS.
he addressed to me a communication say
ing: *I desire to congratulate you upon
your nomination for Congress from the
Third District of California and you may
rest assured of my loyal support.'
polling place and I did not tee a singlo
tamillar face there. I found upon inquir
ing that the -inspector was a man from
tean Francisco, that the judge was a Dem
ocrat from the Third Ward and that they
had taken control of that polling place
for the purpose of controlling that ballot
box. Mr. Bishop was the inspector who
was to represent me, and when he got
there, just a few minutes before 8 o'clock
in the morning, he was told that he was
too lato and that he could not serve, and
the llrst seventy ballot* that went Into
that box wqre ballots against me. Yet I
d ! d not for one moment attribute that to
Mr. Hilborn or to any of his managers.
I knew that he stood too high in this com
munity, that he had .too high a sense of
honor, and his managers also to ever
stoop to do a thing of that kind. I regret
that the Enquirer has taken upon itself
at this particular time, at this late hour,
to make the charges that it has made
I do not think that anything ought to
be done to endanger the success of the
Republican party in this campaign. (Ap
plause.) But the course pursued bv this
paper might and may result In the 'selec-
f n A eIoctlon ot a Democrat from the.
Third Congressional District. But as I
ealdjit the opening of- my remarks, and I
say to you now whatever may be the re-
KV-nm' k? 18^ 0 "^ 81 . 1 want you to stand
io>ally by the nominees of the Republi
can Party. If we have any differences.
orpiiS ffiSsSKSf uphold theact «
THIRD DISTRICT CONGRESSMAN, WHO CONFOUNDS HIS
ENEMIES.
In Dignified Address He Shows Enquirer's Incon
sistency and the Danger to Republican
Party in Fight Against Him.
OAKLAND. Aug. S.-Victor H. Mel
calf, candidate for Congress, to
r.ight. for the first time, replied to
the attacks that have been made
upon him during this campaign. Mr. Met
calf In making his nght has entirely er
frained from personal attack, but to-night
the Oongrffsman appeared ! before the
Quarter Century Republican Club and de
nounced the course pursued by the En
quirer. He declared positively that that
B*r<-r was owned by Dr. George C Pardee
mnd Batty P. Dalton, who is opposing him
for Congress, and that thej were using its
columrs to attack him personally. He
quoted editorials to show that in 1S9S, at
the time that the primary frauds, charged
by the Enquirer, were supposed to have
occurred, ar.d while the Enquirer was
owned by Dr. Pardee and Mr. Dalton. the
paper not only had not cried fraud, but
had supported him. He declared that the
Enquirer, by Its preset; t course, was
jenpaidizing the chances of elwting a Re
publican Congressman in this district
wh*»n one of that political faith was nec
essary to support the administration. His
statement was emphatic, but did not
saver in the slightest degree of personal
attack. It was as follows:
•I feel it incumbent upon myself to
night to say something to you about the
manner in wh!ih this campaign has been
ci>:i.,L'oted. 1 have at no time during Us
rr.igres* «jjd one word derogatorv of my
££££?& nor hav< * ' ottered ohe word
¦plnst their system of conducting this
oV« n 5 l f >i lla !, * °* e " t" you. that I
?'i° %5S friends and to the people of
JSi^Tfc 1 ** to d «*"°unce in emphatic
Six t S££2g upou the other «id«
the Enquirer, which I mus s"v has in the
owif or the Republican partv and to a
EXSlJS*^?? moIded and fc™ed Pu£
vesrf j?/V That t 13 ** 1 " now is and two
££ ?> a i° wa^ owt '*^ and controlled by
i^ v P , ar ' J ;r e ard »<^ry P. Dalton. It was
purchased BotneUtfns over two years ago
wht-n Dr. Pardee was making his fight
gfj&« governorship of the State of Call
;2 r ?J, a \ w , My action was called last night
to an editorial in this paper, and I desire
to read a portion of it to you for the pur
poM of showing the way in which this
t S i i s , conducted by their side. It is
readed 'Honest in the Primaries.' and this
Is what it says:
'". "J wo - v t ars asr> Mr - Metcalf was nomi
nated a*: the result of a primary that put
to blush the vilrpt elections that were
over held in this State. Stuffing, repeat
ing, fraudulent methods, bribery and all
that goes to ca-st discredit upon American
citizenship and American institutions
were freely and openly indulged in. Some
*??, c S rt ' ncates wer e used to thwart the
will of the honest, respectable voters, and
the most unblushing frauds were com
mitted. The result of that primary was
the nomination of Mr. Metcalf for Con
gress.'
"If that was the case, why did not the
Enquirer two years ago, when it was
owned by the same men, come out and
denounce that primary instead of waiting
until one of the owners and proprietors
is a candidate against me for Congress?
"Let me read lo you this little editorial
from the Enquirer of August, 188S:
" 'The Republican candidate for Con
press from Alameda County is a gentle
man who has had a good preparation so
far as unofficial life can give it. for legis
lative office. He Is a graduate of Yale
I nivcrpity and a lawyer of experience and
ability. In this Republican district a
nomination is practically equivalent to an
flection, and when Mr. Metcalf goes to
Corpress we hope he will make a useful
member, ar.d that, if he does so. he will
be continued in service long enough to be
come really valuable to hi? district. His
friends who put him forward for the of
fice must not expect him to climb to the
t«p of the lad<J>-r at the first session.
Fuch a thing is impossible, for graduation
is tho rule of Congressional life. In that
body a man must be content to advance
to *tatirtn and to influence slowly, and hi3
constituents must learn not to "be impa
tient. If he were a HlaJre or a Reed, Mr.
Metcalf could not accomplish in his first
term half the things which enthusiastic
friends have promised upon his behalf '
"If what the Enquirer said In the edi
torial "of last night was true it was the
duty of the Enquirer to have denounced
these, frauds at the time it says they oc
curred—at the time this last editorial was
written— and not wait until one of the
proprietors of that paper is a candidate
for Congress and then try to use It purely
and Firr.ply as a campaign document and
Instrument.
"Now. taking up the statement of Mr.
Jordan headed 'How the nomination was
Ftolen from S. G. Hilborn.' Then in large
print, 'Those men that asked me to do
this work were William E. Dargie, Victor
II. Metcalf, Emll Nusbaumer and others '
I will say that I do not. at this time,
gentlemen, like to refer to my own
troubles, but for three weeks before that
primary election I was at the bedside cf
my mother, expecting her to die at any
moment, and she died *n the Sth of Au
gust and. I did not put in an appearance
in Oakland until about four days before
the primary. My friends, knowing tho
circumstances, came to my assistance
tr>ok charge of my fight, and it was en
tirely due. to their efforts that I was suc
cessful in obtaining that nomination. I
never saw Mr. Jordan. I never had a
word to Ray to him regarding certificates,
and I knew no more about certificates
being Issued than a babe unborn Ai:
that I knew was that Mr. Jordan came lo
my office two or three days before that
primary and called my attention to what
he said were untrue attacks mad« upon
him by the other side. He had never
taken nny part In my light, had never ex
pressed a desire or willingness to assist
me in any way. but when the attacks
came from the other side he then took
a part in my campaign. When I called
Mr. Jordan's attention this morning to
the statement which I have Jush read h<»
said. 'I made a mistake. I want to be
perfectly fair and I am perfectly willing
to correct it.'
"Now what did Mr. Hilborn say. If
VICTOR H. METCALF REPLIES
VIGOROUSLY TO TRADUCERS
. In the light of the record quoted the
committee appointed to govern the party
cannot expect that the independent Re
publicans of San Francisco will take or
ders from Martin Kelly.
Bosses who make a - profession of poli
tics and derive their profits from divi
dends from the slum entertain the fancy
that the nineteen thousand loyal Repub
licans who supported Horace Davis last
year will llne#up under the leadership of
Martin Kelly this year. In this respect
Dibble, Lynch and several county com
mitteemen .are making false calculations.
The elean. : Independent Republicans of
San Francisco will vote for McKlnley ami
Roosevelt and against boodling candidates
for, the Legislature. *
It is true that the Republican bosses,
headed by Martin Kelly and Phil Crim
mins, entered Into a conspiracy with Sam
Ralney and the Democratic bosses to de
feat Sir. Davis and elect James D. Phelan.
The conspirators scored, a triumph with
the aid of bolting Republicans. The same
kind of a triumph was scored when Kelly
and Crimmins betrayed and defeated
Estee. the regular Republican nominee
for Governor.
One year ago the independent and en
lightened Republicans arose in their might
and drove the political bosses from the
Held. They elected a majority of dele
gates to the nominating convention and
placed that able and fearless Republican,
Horace Davis, at the head of their ticket
The nineteen thousand Republicans who
voted for Horace Davis in 1S99 are as firm
ly opposed to boss rule now as they were
one year ago.
The Republican party is composed main
ly of intelligent and independent men.
The voters of the party, for the sake of
organization, will take advice from le
gitimate sources of party authority, but
they cannot be driven to the polls and
compelled to vote for boodlers and place
hunters.
The plan of intervention adopted at
Golden Gate Hall last week provides that
If a county committee falls to call an
election before August 15 the members of
the State Committee, representing the
county, shall order such election.
The right of the State Central Commit
tee to Intervene may be questioned, even
if the county organization falls to come
to a conclusion within the time specified.
The fact is significant that the State Con
vention which created the present Re
publican State Central Committee did not
derive Its authority from delegates elect
ed by the people at a primary election. It
is common knowledge that many of the
delegates, if not a majority of the whole
number, were appointed by County or
Congressional district committees. A
fountain cannot rise higher than It3
soifrce.
The Republican County Committee will
meet in executive session to-morrow night
and make another effort to adopt a plan
for holding a 'Primary election to choose
delegates to the State and local conven
tions. If plans be not adopted on or be
fore August 15 the State Central Commit
tee may intervene.
Nineteen Thousand Anti-Boss Citi
zens Who Voted for Horace
Davis Will Never Jow
to Boss Kelly.
Republican State Central
Committee May Inter
vene August 15.
Politics.
TIME LIMIT ON
ADOPTION OF A
PRIMARY PLAN
Attorney Arrested for Larceny.
« arren B. Jojsselyn was arrested yes
terday afternoon by Detectives Dillon and
Ryan on a warrant Issued on a complaint
The Dear Club held • an enthusiastic
meeting at Its hall. 121 Kddy street, last
night. Justice of the Peace J. E. Barry
Eherlff John I^ackmann and J. D. Brown
addressed the mating. Companies A and
B of the Drill Corps will parado on
Thursday «?ven!np. Auirust 23. The Bear
Club Dand will make Its first appearance
and the club, after the parade, will hold
a high jinks.
Bear Club Meeting.
The club is not a district organization
rut is composed of Republican*! from aii
rart ? ol L! he clt >'- At Present there are
nearly 1200 names on Jts membership roll
The executive committee will be com
posed of twenty-three members, one from
each Assembly district and five at large
to be appointed by the chairman at the
next meeting of the cJub. to be held next
Thursday night.
Frank P. Kelly Colonel WXoll and T.
C. alaher made short addrrj^es and Fred
II. Everett pang several songs, with piano
accompaniment by Edward Patton
As in the past a uniformed drill' corps
will be made a feature of the club It
will be organized and drilled by Captain
Thomas F. O'Neil of the First CalifSrnU
\ olunteers.
The first regulnr meeting of the Phoenix
Republican Club was held last night at
Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin street. The fol
lowing named officers were elected for
the campaign: T. D Rlordan. president;
T. C. Maher. first vice president: E H
Alcoltlnjrer. second vice president; Benja
min Duncan third vice president; Colonel
Thomas F. O'Nell, secretary; Fred Frev
corresponding secretary; E. C. Palmier*'
treasurer. ,, '
Scottish Hall.
PHOENIX REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Mew Officers Elected at a Meeting nt
urday. September 7, arriving here on the
morning of tho Sth. A striking uniform
hns been adopted. The members are to
carry sunshades covered with palm leaves
The distinguishing mark between the two
parlors will be the different style of
badge and difference in the color of hat
bands and neckties. Corona Parlor has a
Iffi f» a m n e ne , r nt W h h e 1C p h a S. be
Sunset Parlor of Sacramento is to pa
rade loO stronj?. The uniform of the par
lor wlllbe pure white, and each member
Is. to carry a white parasol. Sunset head
quarters will he In the banquet hall of the
Lick House,- and a reception is to be held
on Monday, September 10, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Tho attraction of the evening will oe a
grand ball.
The members of Alta Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters have notified the .grand
marshal that they have secured three
geles by special train on the night of Sat-
THE committee having In charge the
naval parade, to take place during
the celebration of California's admis
sion to the Union has expressed a de
termination to make the bay. event and
display of fireworks a grand inaugural of
the many events to follow on" succeeding
days. The place in the bay that has been
selected for the display will give thou
sands of people an opportunity, to see the
decorated vessels at anchor- and inimo
tion; also the illumination and fireworks
from a great portion of the water front
and from Telegraph Hill.
Los Angeles and Corona parlors are act
ing together in arranging for the celebra
tion. The two parlors. will leave Los An-
Two rolls of silk and a silk kimono
were found yesterday among the ship's
stores of the "Government transport Sher
man. They had been concealed in a case
of domestic cigars. The silks are valued
at $12o and were confiscated by the cus
toms official*. -
Smuggled Goods Seized.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester*
day to Lizzie Ryder from Albert Ryder
for neglect. Henry J. Keen from Katy W.
Keen for desertion and Millie E. Sanford
from Jesse C. Sanford for neglect and de
sertion. Suits for divorce wore filed yes
terday by Christine Maghugh against
Oiarles R. Maghugh for cruelty. Frank
W. Keenny against Daisy V. Keenev for
cruelty. William Wagstaft. against Annie
for desertion and Margaret
fachmlct against John Schmidt for cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
MAP| SHOWING ROUTE OF NAVAL PARADE.
Mr. Pennington was born in Yorkshire.
England, in 1?2S. He came to the United
States In 1863 and locatea in Pittsburg,
Pa., where he remained until 1883, when
he came to San Francisco and established
the iirmof which he remained the head un
til about five years ago. He then retired
from active participation therein, but re
tained his interest. The success which
this firm has achieved has been very
largely due to the wisdom and foresight
of Its founder.
Mr. Pennington has ever been a public
spirited citizen, ever ready to do his full
share towards promoting the best Inter
ests of the community. Ab citizen, hus
band and father he has fully and faith
fully responded to every call and he leaves
behind him a record which may ever be
cherished by his descendants as a most
precious legacy.
In addition to his surviving family and
other relatives his death will be mournod
as a deep, deep loss by a large circle of
friends both In the land of his birth and
In his adopted country. A good man gone
to his well earned rest will express tho
common sentiment of all who knew him
Peace be to his ashes.
Mr. George W. Pennington, senior mem
ber of the firm of George W. Pennington
& Sons, steel manufacturers of this city,
died Wednesday evening, August 8, at
10:45 o'clock. He had been suffering from
an Illness of brief duration.
In Memoriam.
Street Committee Hay Becommend
Ordinance Regarding Building
of Side Sewers.
Supervisor Curtis presented an ordi
nance at yesterday's meeting of the Street
Committee which is Intended to cover all
cases of permanent encroachment on side
walks and streets and empowers the
Board of Public Works to grant permits
for the same. The ordinance will be bo
drafted as to be In conformity with ex
isting ordinances on the subject.
The Bureau of Streets requested that
an ordinance be passed declaring it the
duty of property owners to repair side
sewers and making it a misdemeanor to
neglect such repairs after due notice has
been served by . the Board of Public
Works.
The franchise requested by the Bay and
Coast Railroad Company to operate a
steam road within the city limits was
postponed for four weeks, as no one ap
peared for the petitioner.
A representative of Gray Bros., whp are
operating a rockcrusher In the vicinity of
Clipper and Douglass streets, demonstrat
ed to the satisfaction of the board that
they had complied with all the require
ments demanded of them. A delegation
from the West of Castro Street Improve
ment Club challenged the right of the
firm to maintain tho rockcrusher, and
the firm will produce the permit which it
received from former owners at the next
meeting of the committee.
WILL REGULATE ALL
STREET ENCROACHMENTS
sworn to br ICina Cadoman charging him'
with petty "larceny. The plaintiff alleges
that Josselyn recently while acting as her
nttorney playfully took a gold watch from
h«>r belt and ha? since refused to return
It to her. Josselyn was released on $25
cash bail furnished by his father.
ARRANGING FOR IMMENSE
ADMISSION DAY PARADE
The following additional subscriptions
of $100 and more have been received since
the last published rpport: Occidental Ho
tel. Miller. Sloss & Peqtt and Wells. Vargo
& Co.. $200 each; "Pop" Sullivan,. Foster
& Fay. Hlbernia Bank. D. N. <fe E. Walter
fr Co.. Golden West Hotel. Donohoe,
Kelly '&' Co.. Robert Morrow. Citv of Paris.
.Tnm'es Gobev. Green Bros, and Waldron &
FIschbeck. $100 each.
Silver Spray and Forget Me Not lodges
of. the Degree of Honor have decided bv
resolution to co-nnerate with the Grand
I^dee; A.-O. '.TT.' W.J in the management
of parade features representative of the
order.
The work of placing the numerous floats
I* making the chief aid's hair turn gray.
There is assurance of forty-two, and
about twenty more are promised, A num
ber of these will be drawn by six and-oome
of them by night horses. It is expected
that the procession will extend the entire
length of Market street, nnd up Van Ness
avenue an far north as Lombard street.- ¦
Colonel Boxton, chief aid to the grand
marshal, has been busy for several days
assigning the numerous organizations to
the places they are -to occupy. , It Is the
desire of the grand marshal and the chief
aid to make each division of as -near the
same length as possible. The local parlors
of the Native Sons-will be ranged in nu
merical order, and If a local parlor pre
ceded by n band will not be of sufficient
length a delegation from some of the in
terior parlors will be added to make up
the number required to fill up the division.
Those young lady members of the order
of Nfttlve Daughters of the Golden West
who are to be the guests of Native Sons
and aro to ride In carriages will be placed
at the head of the parlor that has In
vited them and the carriages will be two
abreast. . ¦ • -
I. Tuchler of California Parlor and
Arthur H, Pledler of Llvermore Parlor
have been appointed aids to the grand
marshal.
The members of St. Helena Parlor will
have an attractive feature In line. They
will bring "Uncle Jack" York and wife to
.the metropolis to help them celebrate. It
was Mr. York, now el years of age, who
carried the American flag, hoisted three
hours after the bear flag was flung to the
breezo at Sonoma In 1846. to Sutters Fort
by 'way of Sutsun, Cache Creek, Wood
land and down the Sacramento River.
Mr. and Mrs. York crossed the plains in
ox teams In 1845 and have made their
home In California ever since.
A FAIR and open primary is what
the well-meaning Democrats of
San Francisco want, if the meet-
Ing held in Pythian Templo last
evening Is to be taken as an expression
of sentiment. Kach of eighteen Demo
cratic clubs representing Assembly dis
tricts in the city and county of San Fran
cisco was represented by one or more del
egates, and the feeling to a man was
against the County Committee for Its at
tempt to dictate as to who shall have the
right to vote at the coming primary. A
sweeping resolution was passed, denounc
ing the County Committee, and requesting
certain concessions, and a committee of
seven representative Democrats was ap
pointed to appear before the State Com
mittee Saturday and present the docu
ment.
The meeting was called to order by At
torney" John Heenan. president of the
Thirty-first Assembly District, and he was
made temporary chairman, with William
Battersby secretary. A roll of delegates
j was then called, and it was found that all
of the eighteen districts were represented,
although representatives of one or two
¦ said they had not been officially delegated
by their respective clubs. They, however,
had no doubt that their organizations
were in full sympathy with the move
ment
Chairman Heenan said that the tendency
of the times was toward centralization of
power. There were indications of it right
in San Francisco, and he hoped the Dem
ocrats would guard against being mis
guided by the promoters of this new ele
ment. Every Democrat In San Francisco,
he said, Should etrlve for harmony and
not Imperil the success of the national
party by factional differences.
Timothy Treacy of the Forty-third at
tacked the County Committee without
gloves. He said there would be no trou
ble electing the Democratic nominees in
his district If the voters were given a fair
opportunity; if, on the other hand, the
County Committee attempted to dictate,
then the voters would become lukewarm
and the ticket, in all probability, would
be defeated. He warned the Democrats
that it would not be wise for them to try
omnibuses in which to take part in the
parade..' The parlor will have headquar
ters in the Native Sons' Hall:
General Clunl© made a short speech In
which he scored the* County Committee
and declared that to attempt to wrench
away the right of a Democrat to vote fo.
whom he chose was an outrage and such
methods would do more than any
thing else to break down the party. Oth" r
speeches were made by James Ford Clituj
Barbour and Mr. Fltzsimmons.
A resolution was also passed providing
for a committee of eighteen, one member
from each district, which member shall
have power to appoint five members from
his district and these shall constitute a
permanent organization. As soon as the-i.>
appointments are mada a meeting will b-j
called for organization and a name de
cided upon. '
hibited.
The following committee was appoints
to present the resolution to the Stato
Committee at its meeting to be held in
the California Hotel to-morrow after
noon: George E. Gallagher. General
Thomas J. Clunle, Judge Clltus Barbour,
William Clack. T. E. Treacy, James De
voto and Timothy Donovan.
to emulate the Republican bosses In this
campaign.
George Gallagher or the Thlrty-eJghth
Introduced the principal resolution of the
evening and after its reading he added
these spicy sentiments: "We needn't
mince matters when we say that the
Democrats have lost entire confidence In
the County Committee. We come here to
night under the leadership of William J.
Bryan and our fundamental object Is to
wrench the control of the party out of the
hands of the Democratic boxers, who are
trying to hack the party to pieces."
The resolution provides that the State
Central Committee shall take full control
of the coming primary election and that
It shall appoint the election officers, so
lectlng such Democrats as have already
been appointed by the Election Commis
sioners and County Clerks throughout the
State, and, in addition, that all voting at
the primaries, especially In the city and
county of San Francisco, be done from
the great register and supplement, dat
ing up to the time of the primary; all
primaries from club rolls to be pro-
THE SAN FRANCISCO FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900,
Representatives of Assembly Districts Protest
Against County Committee's Attempt to
Appoint Primary Officers.
ANGRY DEMOCRATIC LEADERS
OPENLY DECLARE A REVOLT
IN LIVELY SESSION T.TIADING DEMOCRATS DENOUNCE BOSS CONTHOIj OF PAETY.
4
Lucke's
832 Market St.
Boys' and children's sfioes
have been sold in enormous
quantities. If in need of any
you had better call before the
shoes are all gone.
Remember, all shoes, ex-
cept shoes in bins under
$1.50, will be carefully fitted.
With the exception of the
crowded store, you can buy
with no inconvenience, just
as you could before the sale.
Come in the morning, ' if
posaible.
Only very small sizes left
in odds and ends at 50c and
$1.00; remember, small sizes
for children only. No trying
on.
50c, $1.00, $1.50.
A large quantity of tan ox-
fords left in bins, at
$1.85.
Ladies' regular stock
goods in button and lace, all
sizes — will fit you carefully;
formerly $3.00 a pair, now
For the past 50 years Lucke's name has been a
household word for shoes. His stock is the finest
made— most of it ranging from $^ to £8 a pair. Now
he is selling out — has cut the price down on every
pair of shoes. See the reductions mentioned here
and remember there are thousands more in the store:
Since last Saturday morning, when Lucke's
sale opened, the store has been crowded to its
utmost — it is without doubt the greatest shoe sale
ever held in San Francisco.
"Lucke is selling out."J7 HAVE returned to San Francisco thoroughly enthused over the successes
won by California at the Paris Exposition," said E. W. Runyon, president
J| of the California Paris Commission, who arrived In this city yesterday after
noon. "Our State has made a splendid record and the benefits that will nat
urally accrue therefrom will be of inestimable value to us in a business way.
"We have won all kinds of honors, among which are' two grand prizes, and they
are the greatest that can be attained.
We were foremost In nearly everything **-+-$,-+-<$, -+-<$>-+-4>-+-<$>-+-<$,-+-q>-+.^
we exhibited. We excelled in vinlcul- a! " " " ¦ T
ture, agriculture, forestry, horticul- I y
ture (two prizes), mining, leather, \\_L ,.,¦¦,„ . TJ^- -^ ) ?
canned fruits and fish. For each of V <£,
these we gained a gold medal and the t jjfe 1
"Our gold exhibit was a world-beater, ? j -
and the forestry display from this State <L 4 II t% ; lnJRl&\ III?
compared favorably \vlth the com- |v j Jl $? ':* .-¦** 4>
blned exhibits of any one of the na- A &$R / /JliSgl S^fe £5f§s^ffllBs< ' ur \
tions. In the matter of dried fruits our V «o3 / 'i * ' : *» t *iL ;
exposition was everything. It occu- f J / * <*# Jlf ' , \ \ f? T
pied four-Hfths of the space devoted to- <J> <A ) Jk<tl ?Cft& . t- ' > « t
this Industry. In fact California's ? 2fl W$^''&**m' ' -Uftl *>
products are attracting the earnest at-- i> **] gfSK * .<' Iffi) I
tention of the world, or the part of it I , R l^lstf'^ •• >"4fc>^ ' |J?1 <?>
that is visiting this marvelous show. J \ ltf££?\ !y ?
"The reports of Ill-treatment of this ¦ ?i W^WpF^ \ ' ¦- gJB^Sy-y Snf <T
State by tho authorities at Paris, and t * I \^^^Fi-'C n^V^Sf^m^wf // ffljl T
of the neglect of the representatives of T l]~\ "V- * ' \itmj£¥j' JQ f
received tho utmost consideration ,;, T
Peck gave us all kinds of attention f (jagg-Jar? _-gs^]ffl6*14i^fcd T
and procured for the Commission more T
than could have been reasonably ex- ? f*
pected. Mr. de Young also greatly as- <i> E. W. RUNTON. t
slsted. and we were aided by United • <«>
States Embassador Porter and United ©-?-•^-•-<S>-»-<$ > -*-<£-*-<8>-*-<$— ?-<$>-?-•
State Consul Goudy.
"Our grand State can Justly be proud of the fact, that It has the finest dis
play In agriculture, mining, pomology, art, social economy, fisheries, dried fruit,
etc., and in addition to this our headquarters are visited by thousands, includ
ing not only the people from the Pacific Coast, but by the general public.
"There has been a great deal of discussion and 111 feeling in connection with
the wine exhibit that was uncalled for. The jury proposed at first to throw out
all wines that bore French names, but after considering the matter further they
decided to pass upon our products not only as to quality but type. This places us
on the Eolid footing we desired, and I am assured that we will gain a number of
greatly coveted prizes, among whlch^wlll doubtless be some made of the yellow
metal. The complaints as to the installation of the California exhibits, particu
larly the wines, are not warranted, for the reason that the management of the ex
position had the matter of arrangement In hand and mad^ the style of all ex
hibitions uniform. We could not interfere with the arrangements, but It was fair
to all, and California has no cause to bemoan its treatment in any respect. We
had eo much to show that we became very prominent.
"More than one-half of the space devoted to the United States for the display
of mining products was taken up by the California exhibits. We had 140 wine
displays, 200D photos of vineyards and wine cellars: v;e also displayed mineral
waters and besr, and gave away 30.000 Illustrated souvenirs, as well as highly in
structive reaps. As a result of our exhibition of wines and brandies one of tho
largest distillers of France proposes to come to this country and establish three
distilleries, each of which will employ a large numbc-r of men. The Institution
now owns twenty-ono distilleries In France, but sees a great opportunity In this
country. The wine men of California will certainly feel ilattered at the favorabla
comment that has been made on the quality of the products of their vineyards.
"My personal business affairs callerl rne home at thl3 time, but It is possible
I may go back to the exposition In September. Commissioner Foote will doubt-,
less remain until the close of the big show, and he may have the company of the
other Commissioners."
Commissioner Kunyon is enjoying excellent health, notwithstanding the fact
that the .weather in Paris was anything but healthful. In concluding his inter
view he stated that the celebration of tha Fourth of July in the heart of tho
French metropolis was one cf the marvels of the international occasion.
CALIFORNIA TRIUMPHS
AT PARIS EXPOSITION
plate glass windows on the Fourth street
«1de of the building, valued at $300. and
was arrested on a charge of malicious
mischief. At Shields' request the case
went over till to-day, as he wanted to con
eult with bis employer &b to what action
to take.
Cuddy out of revenpe smashed two of the
Cafe Royal. wa» refused a drink at tfie
bar early yesterday morning and was
thrown out by Special Officer Shields.
Smashed Valuable Windows.
Albert A. E. Cuddy, a frequenter of the
In th<» latter part of July the officers
of the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals warned George A. Rutz, a
baker on Valencia street near Twentieth,
to take better care of his seven horses
which were nearly starved to death in a
Ftable on Twentieth street. Complaint was
again made and yesterday Rutz was ar
rested by Officers Hooper and C. Carl
eon. The horses were In a worse condi
tion than before. Rutz claimed that he
feetfp his live stock all the stale bread
that they can eat, but the officers of the
eodety eay that the animals are so poor
that they can hardly stand.
Feeds His Horses Bread.
The trl.nl of Henry Schwartz, charged
with illegal poolselling. commenced yes
terday in .Tudpe Cabanlss' court. Eight
jurors were retained on Thursday last
and the additional f<:ur last nlsht.
The prosf-cution eal!e3 I-lcutenunt Blrd
sall to the Bland, ilo testified to havirg
bought a pool ticket in .Schwartz's place.
Policeman McMurray. who accompanied
his superior on that occasion, corrobo
rated the Ueut'-nant's evidence. The"pr<>«
t-cution then rested its case. Attorney
Coillns, on behalf of the defendant, ur^fd
an acquittal, on the ground that the facts
In the «-ase had not been proved. At mid
night'the Jury weie locked up, aftor hav
ing earlier In the evening applied lor lur
ther Instructions.
Chief Sullivan was advised yesterday
that the poolsollers hag adopted anotheV
scheme to evade the law by accepting
money and tending It to the poolrooms in
Ban Mateo County to be placed.
"I cannot arrest them for merely ac
ctpthiK the money,", ?aid the Chief, "as
that oo«*»- not camp, within the scope of
the ordinance. But I will have men sta
tioned at every poolroom with instructions
to take the names and addresses of every
person entering them. If they cannot Ret
the name* and addross«s I have Instructed
them to lake an accurate description of
tho men for Identification. If any. of the.
frequenters of the poolrooms are found to [
be ' connect r«l with t any commercial or
banking: ho"«<» I will at once notify the
.house of that fact." - v
ANOTHER BUCKET SHOP
PROPRIETOR ON TRIAL
The honor is one much coveted by
marksmen. The National Schuetzenbund
is held but once in three years and the
president is chosen for his qualities' as a
shot and organizer. The delegates feel
that with Attirger at the helm the com
ing bund will be a marked success.
Dele-jrates from a score or more of the
Schuetzen societies of the city and across
the bay met in California Hall last nlg.it
and with shouts of approval elected At
ting-er for the coveted position. After the
routine business had been disposed of
Philo Jacoby put Attinger in nomination
for provident. Joseph Straub seconded
the motion ami then when the question
was put a shout of acclamation proclaim
ed the marksman elected.
CAPTAIX FRED ATTIKGER is
president of the National Schuetzen
Bund, which will be held at Shell
Mound Park on July 21 next year.
American I/eagne Games.
DETROIT. Auc S.— Detroit 8. Cleveland 0.
MINNEAPOLIS. Aug. ».— Minneapolis C, Mil
waukee '-•¦
KANSAS CITT. Aug. ».— Kansas City 7, Chl-
Base on Balls Forces In the "Winning
Hun for Boston.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Club*— "W- L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
rrooklyn ....M 21 .ttSBoston 43 44 .494
J^ittsburK ...47 40 .14') St. I»'Jis 3i- 46 .450
Philadelphia. 46 40 .£3; Cincinnati ...89 49 .44J
Chicago 44 43 .iGi:New York... .33 49 .402 ,
CINCINNATI. Aug. 9.-Xew York hit Scott
hnr'J to-day. Mercer was steady throughout.
Attendance. 200. Score:
Clubs— R- H- E.
Cincinnati J . 0
Tcrk 5 12- 1
Catteries— Scott an<! Peitz: Mercer and Bow
erir.an. Umpire— Swartwocd.
FITTSBTTRG. .Aug. 9.— TJ^rton won in the
tenth. With bases full. L*ever jrave a baee on
tall* Irving !n the winr.lng run. Both pitch
ers rf'id fine work. Attendance. 2100. Score:
Clubs— R- H- E.
Plttsfcurg ; < S
Boston a j z
Batteries— I>eevcr and O'Ccnncr: Dineen. W.
Clarke and Sullivan. Umpire— O'Day.
ST. LOUIS. Auk. S.— Cy Tour.* was battM ail
ever the lot and St. Ixiuls never had a chance
to-<!ay. Attendance. 2100. Score:
Club*- R- H. E
Ft. lX)Ui« f » 5
Brooklyn 7 « l
BattrTieR— Tcung and Criger: Kitson and Far
rell. Umpire— Eir.slie.
CHICAGO. Auk. 9.— Fraser sra.ve elftht ba?es
on" hall'- Eleven hits, two of them four-bag
cf-Tf vsero made off him. while Callahan was
very tV-ady. Attendance. 1100. Score:
Clubs- R- II- E
Chtroito .....-.. — ••- » 11 3|
Philadelphia 1 3 . 0j
Batteries'— Callahan end Chance; Fraeer and
Muri>hy. Umpire— Hurst.
WIN IK THE TENTH.
Popular Marksman Elected
to Honor With Shouts
of Acclamation.
ATTINGER WILL BE
BUND PRESIDENT
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 9.— Advices
received from Bitlis. Asiatic Turkey, say
that 200 men, women and children have
been massacred In the Armenian village
of Spaghanu, in the district of Sassun. by
troops and Kurds under Ali Pasha, the
commandant cf Bitlis. He is also said to
have ordered the village to be burned.
Two Hundred Men and
Women Murdered by Or
der of Ali Pasha.
VILLAGERS ARE
MASSACRED BY
THE KURDS
•jp^vANSY HAGGETT, the flighty
Vf~J) young woman, who declared she
IT married Conductor Frank Law
rence "in fun," la now inclined to
look more seriously upon her union with
the man with the punch. To-day she will
pray the court to have the petition for the
annulment of the marriage set aside, and
that done she will proceed to make Frank
Lawrence a true and faithful wife.
For a while, however. Pansy wants to
rtay home with "mamma" and gradually
eccustom herself to the fact that she is !
Frank's wife. Then when she considers
the has learned to love the conductor
•with all her might there is to be a gen- |
<ral rejoicing in the Haggett liat and
l'ansy is to move to the home Frank will |
]>rovide for her. That Js the way she has i :
j/lanned It. I .
Last evening when little Pansy told of s
]i*r change of heart she admitted that she i
had known all along that the San Rafael j
rnarrisge was a bona fide one. Outside j :
Influences, she explained, in the form cf ! i
T. J. Kennedy, first cornet of the Pcnsa- j I
cola, was brought to bear upon her flex- j I
ible little heart, and acting under that in- i
fiuence she consulted a tirm of lawyers ; '.
to have her wedding set aside.
"I kr.ew all along that I was married ] "
fast and good," said Pansy as she told
all the romantic details of her marriage,
"but when 1 bepan to think It over I was
rather afraid I did not love Frank enough.
I told Kennedy about it and he advised
me to consult Kimbal & Klmbal. I had
noticed that on the marriage license my
name was spelled 'Ilackett' Instead of
•Haggett,' and 1 askod the attorney if
that made my marriage to Lawrence il
legal. He said no, and then I said I
wanted It to be illegal. And that was all
there was to it."
According to the story Pansy tells now,
it was the maid that wooed the man. "We
had been engaged on and off," said
Pansy. "On July 11 Mr. and Mrs. Hay
wards and Frank and 1 went over to San
Rafael. As I was passing the Courthouse
I said to Frank. 'Let's get married.' 'Do
you mean It?' said Frank. 'Yes,' said I.
And then he went in and Rot the license
and we went to a clergyman's house and
were married."
In Mrs. Hapgett Lawrence is going to
find a model mother-in-law. She warmly
espoused his cause, and it is owing not a
little to her influence that Pansy is about
to try to learn to love him.
As for Cornetist Kennedy. Mrs. Hacpett
has not one gocd word for him. ""He
wanted to ruin Pansy's life," she said.
"He's no good." y
LORD RUSSELL OF KILLOWEN.
LONDON, Aug. 10. — Baron Russell of Kiilowen of England died
this morning. Baron Ru-oell had been ill for some time. Yesterday
an operation was performed which the patient is reported to have
passed through in good condition. This operation, however, resulted
in his death.
It was performed by D . Plezes. Various reports have been cir
culated as to the disorder irom which the Lord Chief Justice suffered.
According to some his malady was a gastric disorder while others
say he had tumor of the stomach.
Lord Russell was conceded to possess one of the greatest legal
minds of the day. By sheer force of character he won his way to the
top of the profession. He was born in Ireland 67 years ago.
NOW SHE WOULD BE THE
BELL-PUNCHER'S WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO UAJjL, dkijja h, AUWUST 1O, 1900.
CHIEF JUSTICE OF
ENGLAND IS DEAD
? THE LADY WHO CHANGED HER MIND, AND THE MAN
T SHE MARRIED.
CAPTAIN FRED ATTINGER.
5
E. W. RUNYON.
j THE EMPORIUM.
The beautiful statue, "California Venus/* now on free exhibition.
Children's 25c Hose 16c To-Day.
W' l KgSa"''iP^~ xtra * heavy Cotton Bicycle Hose, 2x1 and lxl ribbed, standard fast black, fg^ g%
Wjgpffg —^~— sizes 6 to 10. splendid value at 25c a pair — sale price Friday /OC?
L-xfeHy^E: Men's Neckwear Tailor Dresses jgk
1PW *v*3ET Half Price or Less. Less Than Half Price. $S*
-=9 : - Vrt3ta Pretty goo^s these, and in all of the $*£. J>?£>$£ 2mS 2' S2S *¥"* £v
J=j ! P«#= fashionable 8hape3 sow being worn, f~ 7a5 °. C a// ? J T Oressc S--TO' s$M\
vU- \W bnt the y mu3t bs c!ear3d out before y To-Morrow $10.50. A H?A\
\^V*. I mT the arrival of largo assortments of An assorted lot of thi3 season' 3 Tailor Dress- / i^xVJVW
fl>- J Pall and Winter Neckwear now en es, in all tha popular co'ors and style?. A L /W-ty
YA fZ^T routf > 80 Friday and Saturday your few are silk lined— bat only a few— tha \y T
pick at these prices: balance are of the best materials and lin- r I
C^^^^ii' 5Cc Bat Wing Ties, light and dark ings, plain or trimmed; the greatest bar- Vj \
effects 25c gain in dresse3 of the year: regular prices j w^
50c Band Bow3. new good3 and up-to-date patterns 25c S15, $18, $20, ?22.5j, $25 and $27.50; / l\
50c Tcck Scarfs, in new shapes and bright patterna 25c Friday and Saturday only.... n g- n /{, K\
50c Imperial Scarf?, some of our most stylish neckwear, 'iprbt %&.%JmiJf*J /;J| \\\
and medium effects... 25c Owing to the extremely iow price aU ( 1 \V}
$1. $1.50 and $2 Imperial and Poff Scarf?, Blightly soiled ia alteraticns extra. LJfL J*
window displays and at counters — Frida7 anJ Saturday, second Floor— Front. v *-' t -*-*-tf'
each 25c _ _ _ - _ _ _
Groceries and Liquors— Friday. Vi V%£%y^w\ d^>^KJrv^>-l-
One of the features of the Friday-Grocery Sale will be an *~*m^**M-%~*m m
offering of 2500 squares of . - . RJ» E-j. B^OrFf^ %A/B-#-S^
Fancy Creamery Butter- *~nou>& rKCC With
Regular Size Squares— CVCP^ Man&^uit
To-Day 37c. O p Overt^t
Limit 3 squares to a customer. • m W^ B
MArARONI AND CHEESE. Van Camp's, tc-day. 3-lb can..JSc UOlSOhf i^^H*^*' "f"hS^ W£>£>lc
DEVILED HAM, Kinjran's. Mb tins, to-day. 3 tin- 25c y£*^^*^^l*^±***& __
Schept>'< Cream FRUIT PUDDING, assorted flavorj. pk?..../Oo T . nw^™*/, rv,«*««e ~-
champion boureon WHI key, 6 years o'.d, to-day, rer These Photograph Coupons are
gal on $2.75 transferable. Any one can use them.
PORT or SHERRY, full quart bottles, to-day, 5 bottles.$/.O0 , . — . _ .,. — - r U
Mam rioor-Kear. Linen Crash Suiting tic.
£3i^ SfmOO &I,5O and SI. 75 F°P ular Sra*3 linen fabrJc io ~ Oating Saita, Skirts and
S^ j««_-#_r . « **n Waists, in chscki, stripes and opea-work effects, rega-
Gmmrsn'S DreSSeS 69C. larly 15c yard, on special sala to-d3y (Friday) only itC
CJtjSisL Children's Fine Gingham and P.rcale D:es?e3, mja^^f-. £*»— >».. i/..i n —
. j^j«S§S\ for ages from 1 to 14 years, like picture, Man S tancy VCStS, jF^l
Krii^'^P ani^ otners » finished with embroidery and One-Third Off ReQIliar ///fix
JT® V'\\ fancy wash braids, regularly $1.00. $1-50 J»*.&.#»« jP"*'"'\\
0-k t> £ "^Mn an<^ 11-75— to-day and to-morrow |,q rriceS. jfl'>*'*+^&
-'T l'\\ ° n!y ' " O&C For two-day3— Friday and Saturdav— your un- hvv^-'fe^f
! h-'vy reserved choice of any Fancy Ve3t in oar \-*'*S''sZ'''w
<^^~^^ _. . _ _, _ _ Clothing Department; new, handsome pat- iLv^*:^* '*''\
Wfcl^ rrSUay oaie Of terns, latest style,-double brea3ted, with or X* /*\£&\
- Ladies 9 Neckwear. without collars- %3t£p
25 dozen 40c tucked Silk Stocks— white, cream, pink, —.— One-Third Off Regular Prices. %= aS * sSiS^i
blue, lilac, heliotrope and turquoise— to-day, each.. *«C Second Aisle-Right of Entrance.
25 dozen 20c Si k and Satin Bind Bows — black, garnet, ** /»«*.^#i«.*» c^a«UW^
brown, greens and tan.-to-dar, each BC G PPSTf 8 ' n r
100 dozen 20c, 25c and 35c English Scarfs— plain, em- -^ ** Special 2>alO TilSS Bay Only.
bro : der«^. Persian nnd bordered effects — to-day, each O2£C Bsen taking snapshots during your vacation? Here are a
Sales Tablea-Maln Alsla. f ew extra gj , e c:al3 in Camera Supplies to do your finishing with:
m *m.~m^m — - -,*-w-»i—^— - *Vf^1 PRINTING FRAME?, all size;?, up to and including 5x7,
/nrfF l^aotAmc%nJ^ to-d* y M too
O^UlBC? QJI H^alagaBl^aflB^ia TOLIDAL in tubes, special for Friday 2Oc
BT »4 H Pf aba's ACID HYPO reeularW 10c, to-day. 7o
B <Ok^^ ILSkCfl 1^^ <^B&OC^ E ko Cam Hvdro DEVELOPER. S-oz size, to-day 22o
.~»_. BAri Eureka TONING SOLUTION, regularly 25c. special to-day 18o
1 at about 6!>Tonihe?l StSLgf^ !arl? to - day 18 °
continued- Bl new M?w? % £ u . ns /a
BEli kXit w » have too many of two styles of Boys' J?P5tL
www ¦¦ — o-iiii „.- M ¦m«i^« ¦.! ! Suit?, and to move them out Friday and Sat- /i\SS^«\\
t75c Nitlht LamnS 4Qc urday have made these very decided reductions / "^>A
w — in prices! / j »V •iS»
each. 60 of them-on sale to-day, while cheviots and neat fancy mixtures, with either / //
quantity lasts -*¦%*** the coafc of j arge gai]or coUa^ weU m^ jj\ji
" and well trimmed— Friday and **^ m q \\\
Pretty Cambric Embroideries. BoytfS Tw'o-Pio'co'suft's, for agea 10 WJtk
A Chance to Save. t° 15 years, stout, good-looking ca33imeres ~*gp
1500 yards of 5c, 7c and 8c Embroideries, on good heavy cam- «?* cheviots, in all desirable coloring in-
brie, edces we'l finished, widths from J to 2J inches-on sale ***** b , ue ch *™ ts ' Rouble-breasted coats and knee panta,
to-day (Friday), S?J^5*235§^SSkS£ $1.95
2C f 3C and 4C a Yartfm • Second 'iVaVe^Rlsst of Entrance!
Fancy mixed plaid, with leather Ki^ 1 *^ 3 w jm 200 choice titles — fiction, 033373
visor, P Oold^nl^UlC SaZAai*. • "*l and poems—
To'Day 18c. caufornia*s largest--america-s orandest store. Saturday 15c.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT •
-OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 21ST
day of December. A. D. 1893. and for the
year <>ndlne on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections CIO
and CH of the Political Code, condensed as rer
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $627,345 25
Cash In company's office J.3fi4 10
Cash in banks J> 60,362 II
Interest due and accrued on all sto&t
and loans 7,235 S3
Certificate of deposit in hands of
trustees S7.000 00
Premiums In due course of collection. 35,062 02
Due from oth»r companies for rein- •
surance on losses already paid 333 ;4
Total assets $320,923 63
LIABILITIES.
Lo&ses adjusted and unpaid $ 33 419 7*
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense 44,718 01
Losses resisted. Including expenses 3.S04 3S
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or lesy. $425,214 S2: rein-
surance CO per cent 212,607 36
Gross premiums on flre rl«ks running
more than one year. $230,531 C6: rein-
surance pro rata 143.13118
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 22.SS5 28
Total liabilities ..$166,563 S3
INCOMTC. ~
Net cash actually received for flra
premiums $537,130 83
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 24,434 4S
Received from home office S6io37 S3
Total Income $557 6T2 97
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for fire losses <ln-
cludlng $54,999 34. losses of previous
years) $409,773 7S
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 'i52.738 31
Paid for salaries, fees and other
chantes for officers, clerks, etc 28.911 C3
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 14.518 62
All other payments and expenditures. 31,336 13
Total expenditures $637..VH JO
Losses Incurred during the year. fire-. $1337*31 si
Risks and Premium?. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net ' amount .of risks
written during the vear $72,273,137 $791,223 45
Xet amount of risks
expired during the ;
year C1.7K9.85S 683,051 78
Net amount In force. De-
cember 31. 1S93 60.893.193 675.84(1 W
ADOT.PH LOEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and rvrorn to before me ¦ this 14th
day of February. 1300.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Pao'la.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD,
. Manager.
Assistant Manager.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
213 SANSOME STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. --
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
PALATINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1899, and for the
year ending en that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS. "
Loans on bonds and mortgages $ 60,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bon<5« owned by the company 1.97B.RS8 00
Cart fin Company', office 13.323 99
Cash In banks • •¦••¦•• l»7.47a 13
Interest due. and accrued on bonds
cna mortgages 850 00
Premiums In due course of collection 333.242 24
Total e-ssets -S2.637.7n 33
LIABILITIES.
losses adjusted and unpaid $ 62.663 77
ho"« In Process of adjustment or
re tK.ViniiudinK:;xp;nVe,:: 'K Vx
rTl . o l. Diemlums on fire risks running
orfe jeaV or less. $1,937.959 44: re-
insurance 50 per cent 63S.979 72
r ' nr»rnlutns on flre rl^k* running
G SS?e P th'™one year. J1.1M.2T7 84: re-
lnsurar.ee pro rata 606,679 44
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. •
etc 1.6S3 91
An other demands acalnst the com-
pany- • • "4.444 63
Total liabilities .t2.033.E69 72
INCOME.
Net csh actually received for "«
Re^ed™"*" '•nieVVst- 1 on" bonds" and* 2 -"' 631 3S
K^Ivlfror-inteVesrand-d^nd; "* °°
ll S - E ou?c C e k s 5 -.!. Oan9 ;.;. nd .;-- 9 ,04 8 23
Received for profit on sale of se-
curities 3j
Total income .E2.413.SS7 94
KXPEXDTTT7TIES. . ~~~ ' ~
Net amount raid for fire losses (In-
cluding $203.r.21 03. losses of pre-
vious year S > ....:.......... ....$1,550,503 97
Paid or allowed for commission or
v,i-o!t*?mK** ...*•¦¦¦••¦¦•••¦¦¦•¦••¦••••¦¦ 517,538 06
Paid for »alart*s. fees and other
chantes for officers, clerks, etc.... 137.94191
Paid for State, national and local v
taxes ........«»»»•••••••••••• • y).01S 12
All other payments and expenditures 103.€l« 5f
• Total expenditures SZ.3fiS.948 f2
Losses Incurred during th» year, fire.. $1.637.502
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year \! ? 7. ....... J2S3.433.342 $2,924,300 0«
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year .7. 241.764.366 2.474.920 58
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1S33 3M.775.303 3.03S.2J7 28
WM. WOOD. Manager.
Subscribed nnd sworn to before me this 23d
day of January. 1900.
E. S. INNET. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
Principal Office— 439 Calilornia St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHAS. A. LATON, Manager.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
—OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE—
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLANT\ ON THE MST
day of December. A. D. 1S99, and for tha
year ending: on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tbs provisions of Section*
610 and 611 of tha Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 13,223,300 O
Cash In Company's Offlce no S3
Cash In Banks 45.741 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans U.105 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds)
and Mortgages, cash In bands of
United States Trustees J75.J77 a
Premiums In due Couraa of Collec-
tion 157.183 73
Bills rscelvaMe. not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks ISO 04
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance ca leases already paid.. B.U7 79
Total Assets S2.S3o.su M
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid S75,723 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 195.249 14
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 21.03) 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, tl.517.532 96;
reinsurance 50 per cent 738.778 «
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,262.-
741 24; reinsurance pro rata 734.334 SS
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc ; 19.440 2)
AU ether demands against tha Cora- "
pany !00.S30 £3
Total IJabllltlea .I2.KS.177 07
INCOME.
Net cash actually recelred for Plra
pr-mlums $3,173,433 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other tourctfa I5.M9 51
Received from all other sources 04 79
/ Total Income .&.269.S32 .84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $134.:02 00. losses of pre-
vious years) S1.431.S34 71
Fald or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 173. S3S 94
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 123.531 SI
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes O.SZO 91
All other payments and expenditures 491.330 34
Total Expenditure*. .S2.3.M.S07 It
F!n».
LOSSES lncurr<»d during the year...$l.. r r4«.I3i S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium.*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year S3S0.134.3M $3,112.023 55
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 36S.168.1S7 2.968.04* U
Net amount In force
December 3t 1S99... 231 792.237 i.730.294 ffl
~~ ~~~ A. D. IRV1XO.
United States Manager.
I Subscribed and sworn to before me. thla 1st
day of February. 1300.
GEO. O. KUGER. Notary Public.
BUTLER & HALDAN.
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CAUTORNIA STREEi*,
SAK FRAJCCISCaT
\ PAY WHEN CURED
I • A Fair O?ifer to Weak Men,
\:[ "J- have the greatest Electric
i /^^^^^^/^^^^ Belt in the world; greatest in cur-
' w^^^^^r^ 3^^^^^^^ i"g; greatest in mechanical per-
:^pnDrM c 2/AUGr1L!W'5r^?i fection.and I am a master in the
:H^^pto§2^^^^^Br QpP llcatlon of lts life-giving
; power— due to my twenty years
: ;.:: ' ;^^t^^>^ /^ of study and experience. I know
\ CU<ED! what it will do, and can g-uaran-
i j pjti cp snd Sen Cured., tee it. If you are a weak man
!'! r^ rt M a t rd M^u^^^i£.. if you suffer from Nervous Debil-
; giinJ^f^K 0 ":.^!?-* 1 B e°ven ity, Exhaustion of Vitality, Rheu-
; months lias entirely pone. Your Delt \ ,. T -rj , rr . , j
' cured me In 2 months. The Belt has lTiatlSITl, Lame Back, Kldliev
I also done wonderg for my son, who ¦•¦ . J>
; lad a base case of Rheumatism. Sl»c« Stomach Or Liver Troubles, I can
: my cure I have praised your Belt to ' A ~ "
many, doctors as well as others, and ctlTf* VOll
', will continue to do so. Yours sincere- ri * rt~
: *• HW - Y0UNG - f Any honest man who will se-
: cure me can have my Belt, and if it does not cure him he need
not pay for it. Is that fair? Will any other concern treat
you as fairly? Has any other man as much confidence in his
; remedy? "My Belt cannot fail.
READ MY« BOOK, FREE.
I want every sufferer to call to-day and test my Belt. FREE. If you cannot
sail, write at once for my beautifully Illustrated book, mailed, sealed, FREE
;m-M.-A.McLaugWin,Si^^&Payment of Claims Against City.
City Treasurer Brooks has issued a cir
cular in which he states for the Informa
tion of those having registered demands,
rebates for overpaid personal property
taxes of 1S99 or any other delayed claims
against the city, that when there is money
In the treasury for the payment of such
claims, or any part thereof, they will bo
duly notified. The Treasurer .-ill not fa
vor in any way to his disadvantage any
person to whom the claims may be as
signed. No authority haa ever been given
by that official for the purchase of claims
or demands outstanding against the city
and county.
The Western Improvement Club will
take up the fight against the redistrlctinK
plan adopted by the School Board. A
meeting will be held In the Flood building
to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock to form
ulate a plan of action. Ths least tha
club will do will be to petition the Super
visors to rescind their action and if this
does not accomplish the desired end zaors
emphatic measures may bo adopted by
the society.
That the residents of the "Western Ad
dition are thoroughly wrought up la evi
dent from the dally complaints made to
the school authorities by the parents of
the pupils affected. In the Grant ami
Pacific Heights school3 no less than 1200
scholars are inconvenienced.
According to the parent of ona of the
pupils there are eighty children In one
of the sixth grades of the Pacific Helgrhu
School, to which some of the Grant chil
dren 1 ' were transferred, with only fifty-flvo
seats to accommodate them. Virtually
two scholars to a seat. When wilting it
Is necessary for part of the class to stand.
In another room there are seventy-eight
pupils and the third sixth grade ia this
building 13 nearly as bad."
There are now three vacant rooms in
the Grant School and because of the new
arrangement a large number of pupils
who formerly went to the Grant School
now have to go from/eight to fourteen
blocks to get to the Pacific Height
School. /
An order ha3 been issued by th* Board
of Education that the scholars of certain
grades must attend the Girls" High School
at the corner of Geary and Scott street3
one hour every week. This edict meana
from ten to fifteen blocks more for the
pupil to walk. V
William Ross of S024-. Clay street i3
especially vigorous In his denunciation of
the new system and he thnka it high time
something was done. He has three chil
dren affected by the change and their
ear fares mean to him an additional ex
pense of $72 a year on a basis of 60 cents
a week for each child, excluding the tea
weeks' vacation. "The whole thing In a
nutshell." said Mr. Ross, "is that Den
man and Mrs. Kincaid want the school.-;
condensed so they can put In marfual
training. The funds at their disposal
won't allow the putting in of the neces
sary paraphernalia in all the buildings. sr>
they select a few buildings and then try
to concentrate the pupils regardless of
inconvenience. I am glad that the Im
provement Club is to take up the matter,
and sincerely hope it will be successful
in its endeavors to have board's orders
rescinded."
Bedistrlcting Plan Causes Great In
convenience to Pupils in tha
Grant and the Pacific
Heights Schools.
Western Improvement Club
to Join Parents on the
Question.
MASS-MEETING
TO DISCUSS THE
SCHOOL PROBLEM
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
S~^ ONGRATULATIONS are due to the Mer
l chants' Association upon the record of its
Work, which appears in the fourth anniversary
number of the Merchants' Association Review. The
organization has been one of great usefulness not
only to its members but to the whole city, and it is
gratifying to learn it is rapidly increasing in numbers
and in strength, and will be in the future even more
than in. the past a potent force in urging on the ad
vancement of the city.
Commenting upon the growth of the organization
the Review says: "The most sanguine among the
forty-seven charter members of the Merchants' Asso
ciation six years ago could have scarcely imagined
that the membership would ever reach one thousand.
Yet to-day there are 1226 firms enrolled as active
members of the Merchants' Association, making it
numerically the largest commercial organization in
the world. During the existence of the Review our
membership has. nearly trebled. This remarkably
rapid increase of members affords gratifying proof
that the association's work enjoys the confidence and
support of this community. Strength of numbers is
an irresistible weapon in popular government."
Along with the increasing power of the association
there has gone a steadfast expansion of the field of its
operations. At the present 'time it has committees
engaged in investigating practical questions pertain
ing to the cleaning, sprinkling, paving . and light
ing of the public streets; the removal of poles and
wires from the main thoroughfares; the establishment
of children's public playgrounds; the arrangement
of uniform and attractive signs indicating names of
streets; the construction of public conveniences; the
utilization of salt water; better harbor facilities and
lower port charges; the conservation of the /flood
waters of the State; the Pacific Commercial Museum;
the correct administration of charity and numerous
other important topics and desirable improvements.
Of such an association it pays to be a member.
There are many ; advantages of a personal ' nature to
be derived from it, for its co-operative energies are
directed largely to the benefit of its members; but
the highest good of such' membership is to be asso-
If the professors and doctors in the University of
California clinic indulge in much more of the secre
tiveness which they displayed in reference to the
woman who die"d on their operating table it w r ould
be wise for their superiors to open a bureau of infor
mation in connection with the establishment.
THE RANGE WflR.
SIN'CE our recent summary of the season's war
fare on the stock ranges, held free 'to all on the
public domain, other returns have come to
hand.
George Belcher, a New Mexico cattle man, while
riding his range on the public domain was shot from
ambush by Mexican bheepherders and dangerously
wounded in the thigh. The cowboys who were with
him opened fire and the battle Jasted until dark.
The cattle men in ILoutt County, Colorado, in
driving sheep off the range, clubbed 1500 to death,
uiing wagon-spokes as weapons, and Mr. Johnson
reports that they arelarmed and prepared to protect
their range by force.
As a result of war between sheep and cattle men in
Urowns Park and Ashley Valley, Mr. Rash, a cattle
man of Ladore, Colo., was assassinated at his ranch,
snd his cowboys have armed and taken to the war
path to avenge his death.
At Telluride, Colo., cowboys warned sheep and
goat herders to keep quiet and proceeded to kill two
hundred sheep and goats and stampeded as many
more over a cliff, killing them all. Then the shoot
ing began and lasted all night, with several in each
party wounded. In Beaver Park there is trouble
over 3000 theep, and the cattle men has started in tp
kill them all.
It is pleasant to read a more peaceful report from
the Big Horn range in Wyoming, where Mr. McCar
thy reports a lull in the war between sheep men and
says that there has been no shooting for a whole
week, and the wounded are in a way to recover.
From Chamberlain, South Dakota, come rumors of
war against the sheep. It is free, public range, but
the cattle men claim superior rights by reason of prior
occupancy. They see with alarm the invasion of the
range by sheep and its destruction by their close
feeding, and have the sheepherders to with
draw their flocks. The herders, after getting the
third notice to leave, supplied themselves with arms
£nd ammunition, asserting their rights to the free
range, while the cattle men announce that they will
shoot them on sight.
While the forage that is left on the ranges is being
lield by the murder of men and the slaughter of ani
mals, the ultimate effect of the present System is fol
lowing. The National Stockman and Farmer says
that the recent distress on the Southwestern
ranges is the natural result of overfeeding and destruc
tion of the means of the water supply. The forest re
serves, the natural sources of water, have been de
stroyed, the plains pastures have been overstocked
and exhausted, and now, cattle are being
driven away or lost by thousands, because the range
privilege has been abused. The system which makes
it necessary for every man to get all he can from the
range without regard to its future usefulness is radi
cally wrong and mu-t end in disaster to those_/\vho
dtpend on these pastures. The Stockman and Farmer
might have added that it means also disaster to the
country's meat food supply of the most serious na
ture, abridging the supply for domestic use and cut
ting off a valuable and important export trade.
There is only one remedy, and that is the leasing of
the ranges, and bringing them under lawful control.
Do not forget in these days that the Admission
day celebration is one of the patriotic things to which
you ought to contribute and' contribute promptly.
The Chinaman lacks a good deal of being as good
a fighter as the Boer, but all the same he has shown
something like the same ability to get up* a surprise
party.
According to all reports from the Orient it appears
that as soon as we have helped the Russians civilize
the Chinese we shall then have to help the Chinese,
get in and civilize the Russians.
Another subtle attack has been made upon his
Honor the Mayor. The Supervisors are considering
an ordinance which is designed to regulate and limit
the granting of special privileges under the charter.
The twelve-year-old Montana girl whose pleading
saved her father from imprisonment for life will be
*ome day an interesting young lady, whose requests,
it is safe to say, will be granted without protest.
Cover each half of the picture alternately and see "our^ great ?
and good friend" Li Hung Chang in his great transformation act. 'f
—Chicago Tribune. f
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
W. B. de Jarnett, a banker of Colusa, Is
stopping at the Palace.
Milton McWhorter, the hip rancher and
oil man of Fresno, is at the Grand.
"\V. P. Haramon, a "well known mining
man of Oroville, is registered at the Pal
ace.
A. A. Bonynge, brother of the million
aire mine-owner, is registered at the
Grand.
E. W. Hale, a dry goods merchant
prince of Sacramento, is a guest of the
Occidental.
M. L. Washburn of the Alaska Com
mercial Company returned yesterday
from a trip to the East.
George W. Marston, one of the most
prominent merchants of San Diego, is a
guest of the Occidental.
Lieutenant Commander W. S. Hughes
of the United States navy, accompanied
by his wife, is at the Palace.
F. B. Hill, accompanied by his family,
is staying at the Occidental. He is a
prominent mining man of Nevada City.
W. B. Jerome, general western agent
of the New York Central Railroad at Chi
cago, left for the Windy City last night.
George "W. Weilder, one of the leading
shipping and commission merchants of
Portland, Or., is stopping at the Occi
dental.
George F. Heusner, passenger agent of
the New York Central Railroad at Port
land^ Or., departed for the land of the
webfoot last night.
F. A. Jones, general agent of the Santa
Fe at Fresno, and T. H. Warrlngton of
the- same city, traveling agent of the com
pany, are in the city.
Rev. M. T #1 Vait, a priest of Davenport,
la., is registered at the Palace. He is
accompanied by his two' sisters and is
here on personal business only.
"W. B. Lardner, a prominent lawyer of
Auburn, is in the city. He served in the
Assembly of the last Legislature and was
highly commended by his constituents for
faithful attention to public duty.
Fred W. Swantcn of ;• Santa Cruz re
turned from Nome yesterday. He is very
much disgusted with the northern coun
try and brings a bunch of hard luck
stories that are interesting but not really
new.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
He — I have come to ask for your hand.
She (teasingly)— Which hand?
i He — The one with the most diamonds. —
Chicago News. .... •
Enthusiastic Young Person— Oh, profes
sor, are you Interested in trees?
Professor Dryasdust— Genealogical trees
interest me, madam. — Sommerville Jour
nal. ¦ ¦
Jack Hyfly— So old Millyuns is looking
for a, divorce from his young wife? • On
what grounds? .
Tom Topnotch — On the grounds of econ
omy, I guess. — Judge.
Officer (to straggler)— What are you
standing: behind that tree for? The en
emy is flying.
Straggler — Hurrah! That's Just the op
portunity I've been waiting for; I'm a
first class wing shot.— Richmond Dispatch;
. Cleverton— Miss Peterkin is going to be
married. "What ! shall I send her appro
priate for a wedding persent?
Dashaway— Oh. anything she doesn't
want.— Detroit, Free Press.
"I hear your husband is very sick. Aunt
Dinar.", , ¦ * ¦ . . .
"Ycs'm." /
"Nothing serious, I hope. His condition
Is not critical?"
¦"Critical! .. I should say hewuz. He
aint satisfied with nuffin'."— The Chris
tian Register. - :
A FITTING HEAD.
Rural Editor— Have you. set up that
article I wrote ¦ about ¦ the ¦ prisoner who
hanged himself In the jail with a towel?
Compositor— Yes,' sir ; it is : ready for the
press. -»'*** * nfty il ta«'f*'f5Jfli*i"< | W^KgW*
V; Rural Editor— But I forgot to head it.
Y Compositor— Oh, I fixed it all right. I
headed it, "Wiped Out of . Existence."—
Chicago News.
"Your family is late getting off for
your summer, trip." ''Yes; : there are so
many, of us to make up our minds where
to ¦> go that we : never get started until
fall."— Chicago Record.-
flIRING THEIR PREFERENCES
Three maidens talked, as maidens will,
Of what gives life Its zest.
Said one, a buxom country girl,
"The mountain air Is best."
The second, clad in yachting suit,
All white beyond compare.
Did thereupon exulting cry.
"Give me the ocean air."
Then one In swinging hammock posed
Half oped her eyes divine.
And languorously oaid, "I'll tako
The millionaire for mine."
SECRETIVE OFFICIALS.
pUjOR the second time within a comparatively
I brief period the Sacramento Bee has been com
pelled to resort to the courts in order to obtain
from State officials documents of importance to the
public and of interest as news. On each occasion the
decision of the court has been in favor of the Bee, so
there can be no dispute but what the action of the
officials was an illegal assumption of power and an
attempt to conceal from the people matters of which
the people have a right to a full knowledge.
The latest of the two instances is of particular in
terest to San Francisco, because the State paper to
which the Bee desir2d access relates to the bubonic
plague scare. On August 2 the Bee requested of Dr.
Matthews, secretary of the State Board of Health,
permission to see the reports made upon the alleged
plague by Drs. Mouser and Ryfkogel, in order that
it might make such publication of them as it saw fit.
The request was refused, ami thereupon the Bee sued
out an alternative writ of mandate before Judge Hart
of the Superior Court, and the mandate was issued.
In overruling a demurrer of the defendant Judge
Hart said: "I have no doubt that the reports, of
which inspection is herein demanded, are public
writings within the meaning of sections 1892 and 1893
of the Code of Civil Procedure, and of which, accord
ing to those sections, every citizen has a right to have
inspection, or take a copy, or obtain a certified copy."
Commenting upon the decision the Bee very justly
says: "The secreting of public documents, which the
statutes give the people a right to examine, away
from the humblest citizen of the land is an arrogant
and aristocratic assumption of despotic power which
should never be permitted."
The Call has had experience with the growing as
sumptions of officials in this respect both at Sacra
mento and in this cit} r . Not long ago a representa
tive of The Call at Sacramento was refused permis
sion to see the correspondence which passed between
Governor Gage and Attorney General Ford concern
ing the proposed amendments affecting the judicial
department of the State. In this city it has had fre-/
quent occasion to comment upon the secrecy with
which various boards and commissions of the muni
cipal government are carrying on the work of ad
ministration. Instead of holding public meetings for
the discussion of all public business intrusted to them,
so that their plans, projects and policies can be made
known to the people, the officials meet in executive
session, everything is kept as secret as possible, and
the people are left in ignorance of matters, of which
they have a right to a full knowledge.
Such tendencies on the part of officials are radically
bad, and unless checked Will inevitably lead to gross
wrongs and to jobbery. It is true that an action is
not necessarily bad simply because done in secrecy, nor
necessarily good simply because done publicly; never
theless, all the world knows that honesty does not
hide itself and that dishonesty will hide if it can. Our
laws wisely provide for publicity in all branches and
departments of government, because nothing else can
so surely guarantee the rights of the people. There
fore every attempt on the part of an official to keep
secret a matter of public business is an assumption
that should not be tolerated or excused.
The Bee has rendered important service not only tc
the press but to the whole, State in making the fight
against secrecy of the officials at Sacramento, and it
is to be hoped that' having now for the second time
demonstrated the right of the public to know what
the State officials are doing, it will not have to resort
for a third time to get a mandate from the courts to
compel the officials to obey the law.
Once more Philadelphia rises to protest against
being called a slow town, and by way of backing the
protest points to the fact that her factories have built
the swiftest locomotives on land and the swiftest ships
on the sea; but she ignores the vital point that she
sells those ships and engines and lets other folks run
them.
Chicago is complaining of "blind pigs" in the
parks, but for once it is not a pork question.
The blind pig is a place where a Chicago citizen can
get a drink without the police knowing anything'
about it, and the reason it is complained of in the
parks is that the girls are on to it.
The police officer who pleads that his head was
troubling him when he assaulted and would have
killed his superior may discover that the Police Com
mission has a peculiar way of removing troublesome
things— even heads.
C. A. Towne, who has declined the nomination of
the Populists for-Vice President, has scored a triumph
in English rhetoric. He consumed hundreds of very
¦valuable words to disguise the single reason he had
for his withdrawal. He did not say he was disgusted.
Bryan's oratory is to run in a different groove this
year from what it did in 1896, but it will be the same
old stuftV
Chicago must be suffering from strange apathy.
The national census has been taken and we have heard
nothing to suggest that the city ¦ of the lakes is the
largest in the world.
Since Senator Wellington of Maryland has come
out squarely for Bryan it-is safe. to predict that his
Waterloo is not going to turn-out as the original
one did for the other Wellington! ;
The Boxers have probably discovered that they no
more than others. possess the ability to dodge bul
lets. The Mongol savages had an idea that foreign
bullets bounced when they struck.
Li Hung Chang may be old enough to deserve the
tespect which attaches to age, but the interesting old
gentleman certainly ought to make some endeavor to
suppress his remarkable faculty for lying or there
may be trouble.
A recent review of the building and loan associa
tions in the United States gives the total number at
5435. with assets amounting to $581,886,170. The ac
cumulations represent mainly the savings of working
men, and it is to those men Bryan is appealing for
power to pay off the savings at fifty cents on the
dollar.
FRIDAY A U G U ST 1 0, 1 900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. -
Address All Communica'.iors to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telfphone r re ¦«¦ J--O*
riLlLlCATlOIV OFFICE. .Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telcphoae Trcs* 201.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS....2K to 221 Sterenfoa St.
Telephone Vtemn 2O2.
Delivered h r Carrlem. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Slnicle Coplm. 5 Cents.
Terms i»y Mall. Inclntllnc Ponfagei
DAILY CALL. (Intruding Sunday), cne year W-W
PAILT CALL (including Sunday). 6 month* 100
DAILV CALL <lac!a(?inn Sunday). I months • 1.59
I>AILT CALL— By Single Month «So
ftTCDAT CALL One T>« LSO
VtEKLT CALL On» Yesr.. 1-W
All postmasters nre anthorlced to recetre
(Bbirrlptlonit.
Sample ccples will be form-aided when requested.
l!«n «ubecriber« !n craerlng change of aJdrets should be
part:cu!3t to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRZ3S In order
to ia*ure a prompt «.ad correct compliance wllti ihetr request.
tAKLAAb OFFICE 11 JS Droadiray,
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Vera£«r Foregn Ad"ertiiin;r, Varquette Building, Chicago,
<L«ct;£ Distance Telephone "Central 28U.")
XEW TOEK OOHKESPONDENT:
C C. O-RLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 33 Tribune Building.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman ITcuse; I\ O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
yrexneat licuse. Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TOP.K NEWS STANDS:
Weiacrf-Artcrla Hotel; A. Brcntano. Zl Union Bqnaref
Vurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel'
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BIlAr.CfOJ-riCES--::; MontBOmery. corner of Clay, open
BStU S.:ff o'cl-U. 3") H&Tes. cren until 5:39 o'clock. CSS
McAllister, op»n ur.t'.l S:30 o'clock. 6:5 Larkln. ci>en until
8:3>> o'clcek. 1341 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corr.-r Sixteenth, or>en until » o'clock. 10SC Valencia, open:
uai.il 3 o'clock. lfcC Eleventh, cr-on until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twer.ty-seecnd and Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock
ciated with progressive and energetic public-spirited
men, who are working on so comprehensive a scale
for the welfare of San Francisco. -
The Call cordially indorses the closing words of the
greeting with which the fourth anniversary number
of the Review opens: "Every citizen interested in
the material welfare of San Francisco ought to co
operate actively with this organization. There are
z. thousand merchants in this city who have not yet
joined the Merchants' Association. To each of these
desirable firms we earnestly appeal as a civic duty to
come forward and sustain a movement that has
proven so beneficial and advantageous. Let us con
fidently hope that the fifth anniversary issue of the
Review will contain an official list of 2000 members."
BRYAN ACCEPTS.
THE first of Colonel Bryan's three acceptances of
the Presidential .nomination has passed, with all
the incidents of crowds, cheers and enthusiasm.
His speech, which was read from manuscript, and
copies of which had been placed in advance by the
Associated Press with the newspapers, is devoted to
one subject, m the main, and makes but a brief ex
cursion into other topics.
In his introduction is the sole reference to finance.
It is in the form of a vague but venomous attack on
the Republican party, in these words: "The Repub
lican party is dominated by those influences which
constantly tend to elevate pecuniary considerations
and ignore human rights. Man, the handiwork of
God. is first; money, the handiwork of man, is of'in
ferior importance. Man is the master, money the
servant; but upon all important questions to-day Re
publican legislation tends to make money the master
and man the servant."
Let us briefly examine these declarations. Mr.
Bryan served two terms in Congress. He was in a
House composed of his own party, with a majority
so large that the Republicans and Populists could
have walked out and still left a constitutional quorum.
What legislation did he propose and what did his party
pass and make the law, for either man or money?
The Republican legislation of which he complains was
on the statute-books. Did he propose its repeal?
Did his party substitute anything for it? . The sole
attempt it made was in the Wilson bill, distorted out
of the shape in which its author framed it, and when
passed denounced by President Cleveland as "a rec
ord of shame, corruption and dishonor." Surely in
that period, when Mr. Brayn was in Congress and in
a position to shape legislation, man was not dodging
his master, the dollar, but, in want, famine, starva
tion and suffering, was out hunting for the dollar and
not finding it. Mills were closed, banks were crash
ing, all wage-paying enterprises were suspended.
Cities '.verc running soup-houses and the roads were
crowded with thousands of men organized in armies
and crying for bread. The dollar was not bothering
man in those days. The Republican party was not in
power, the dollar was not in circulation. Man was
in that glorious state of independence which Colonel
Bryan regards as his ideal condition, and labor was
too poor to buy drugs for its sick or to bury its dead.
Remember that this was when Bryan was a legisla
tive officer of the Government, with actual power to
influence its policy toward man and money.
But he 'and his passed out of power. The last year
of their rule Mr. Bryan's estate, given under his oath
to the Assessor for taxation, was only worth $240. The
first year of Republican rule it had risen to more than
five times that value, and now, by his own oath, is
more than twenty times the value it had in 1896. Is
he still master, or does his estate, multiplied by
twenty, master him? During the time of this increase
he has not followed any regular calling, and has aban
doned his two vocations of law and journalism, yet
he has prospered in basket and in store, and his petty
estate, when the country/was run on his plan, has
grown to be plutocratic under Republican policy.
Will he say which was master, man or money, when
the Coxey army, the Kelly army and the other ragged
regiments were marching on Washington? Where
are those armies now? Does he know of a soup
house that is open? Does he know of a poorhouse
that is filled with American mechanics? In the day
of his influence, when he was in Congress, "man, the
handiwork of God." was shivering and starving, in
rags and hunger. He was driven to choose between
stealing and starvation. He was striving to the death
with his fellow-man tor a chance at the poor wages
that were to be earned.
Now, because the Republican party has changed all
this, because the shops and mills are running, trade is
active, prosperity is reinstated, and labor earns good
wages and capital good profits, he faces an audience
to impeach Republicanism for putting the dollar
above the man!
The Republican party has not put the dollar above
the man, but it has put good trousers on man, with
pockets, and has filled the pockets with dollars.
Let every laboring man who heard or reads Colonel
Bryan's speech recall his position in 1896 and contrast
it with his position now, and ask himself if he desires
to go back.
That prosperity which multiplied Colonel Bryan's
own estate by twenty has reached and touched ; every
man in the Union. It has been general and not par
tial. The country likes it and will not throw it away
to gratify the fetid ambition of Colonel Bryan.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, If KID A i', A U li U ST 10, 1UUU.
DR. JEKYL AND MR. HYDE.
CLOTH AND SILK COSTUME.
The costume represented If of dove-col
ored cloth. The bolero is edged with over
lapping? shaped flounces, and the skirt
tunic is of gray and white striped silk.
Beneath it are two narrow flounces like
those on the bolero, which form a head
ing 1 to a deep shaped flounce of cloth.
6
The Santa F« will sell tickets to Clilcaza
and return on Ausxist U and 23 at the very
low rate of $72 50, good for sixty days. This
Is a very low rate and Is open for all. They
will tell you all about it at <S3 Market street.
TJo You Enjoy Comfort
When you travel? If you do, buy your ticket
via the Northern Pacific R'y and ride on th«
"North Coast Limited." the most perfectly ap-
pointed train In America. Solid vestibuled and
lighted with Incandescent electric lights, ob-
servation car with a large parlor for ladles,
tourist •leeplns car finished In mahogany and
upholstered In olive green leather. Tha only
line selling; tickets direct into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at tha low-
*«t rates. T. K. STATELER. Gen. Agt. tZi'
Market st.. S. F.
McJlgger— Isn't It tiresome the way peo-*
pie talk about the weather?"
Thing-umbob— Tiresome? It's positively
dangerous. The minute you make a re-
mark about the weather It gives the other
fellow a chance to say. "yes. but it'll be
a cold day for the one or the other next
November." Then, first thins you know
you're mixed up in a fierce political dis-
cussion.— Philadelphia Press.
Cal. dace frait 60c p*r n> at TowMend'J.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Al'.en's), 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1(H2. •
Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
Columbia — • 'Heart stat*."
<~>rX'h»>iini — Vaudeville.
Grand Oppra -house— "TIip Middleman."
California— The Nislu of the Fourth."
Tlvoli— "Othello."
Oiyznpia, corner Mason and Ed<2y streets— Specialties.
Ct)ut<?s. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venir.s.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
.Sutro Bathy — Open Xighte.
Slate Fair. Facran>ento— .September 3 to 15.
AHUSE2IENTS.
V'KING WILLIAM"/
? . AMD » . II
A The Mysteries of Lagunitas Canyon, u
\ HOW TO MAKE AN ATHLETE OF THE I
\\ BABY ' " II
Vy ODD EFFECTS OF "CHARACTER" HAKE-UP. /
\\ By WILTON LACKAYE. //
** | '
IN THE GREAT MAGAZINE SECTION. I
? . ; . .
IN H.X I
SUNDAY'S
CALL.
I THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
// By MAN BYXBEE. \\
II EXPERIENCES IN AN OVERALL FACTORY. \\
// THE! LATEST FADS IN ">\
II EMBROIDERIES AND TAPESTRIES. \\
II Dismasted in a Dead Calm—
WRECK "OF THE PFLUfiER. \ :The Sacramento directors have promul
gated two or three changes ln the rules
to govern the sport there. In selling
events, only owners having an entry in
the race are entitled to bid on the winner.
In addition, before taking advantage of
this privilege the rule compels the horse
man intending to bid to deposit with the
judges a sum equivalent to the entered
selling price of the winner. This la to do
away with "grudge" and "scrub" bidding,
and looks an extremely wise measure.
Anent rulings, Indefinite suspensions will
not be recognitcd, only those ruled
off for fraud being excluded from partici
pating in the racing. No pooling of issues
or forming of combination will be toler
ated from the bookmaklng fraternity. If
a satisfactory amount cannot be realized
from layers of odds willing to cut In, the
directors have decided to handle the auc
tion and parls mutuel betting themselves,
charging the usual 5 p«r cent commis
sion, In addition to putting on two field
books. An offer of $20,000 made by an
Eastern man for the privilege', to be con
ducted on the same lines as last year, was
received and refused.
The appended list will show the vast In
crease in number of entries to running
stakes over the preceding two yearB*.
It can be said without fear of contra
diction that the annual race meet to bo
held during the fair at Sacramento, next
month will be the greatest in -the history
of tho State* Agricultural Society. As
sistant Secretary Harry Lo-wden came
down from the capital city yesterday, and
among other things said that already
there was a dearth of stable room. Ap
plications had been received for stalls for
453 runners — a most remarkable showing.
Harry said he guessed the Emeryville
and Ingleside trainers, with requests ln
for 120 stalls, would have to take pot luck.
The harness events also loom ,,up most
promisingly, 178 trotters and pacers in all
being entered. This boom In up-country
racing speaks volumes for the energy and
push displayed by Secretary Peter Shields
and the directors of the society.
ALL THE CRACKS
ARE TO LINE UP
AT SACRAMENTO
Hundreds of Horses Being
Prepared for the State
j air*
Itouf's Flying . Daisy beat R. L». Taylor's For
Beauty. 10-0: G. Lahusen's Firefly beat James
Sawyer's Captain Evans, 7-2; R. Roberts' Lady
Hulda beat J. Keenan's Mlra Monte, 12-9: J.
Carroll's Cash Day beat S. Hansen's L 3
Con ley, 6-0.
Second round — Miss Grizzle beat Psyche, S-2;
ladylike beat Springtime, , 6-0: Bowery Boy
beat Master Bly. 9-0; War Eagle beat Leah,
12-4; Mountain Belle beat S,tortn King. 6-6;
Europa beat Go On. 10-7: Warpath beat Jingle
Bells, 9-*; Alameda Lad beat Fireside, 6-1:
Dairy Maid beat Homeward Bound, 9-2: Walt
a Bit beat Fair LUy. 7-1: Terronlte beat Lough
nt-agh. 9-6; Nightingale beat St. Ivcs. 6-0; Wed
ding: Bells beat High/Born Lady. 4-2: Twilight
Jr. beat Lonl Hastings. 6-3: Flying Daisy beat
Firefly, 4-1; Cash Day beat Lady Hulda, 4-3.
Third round— Miss Grizzle beat Ladylike. 4-2;
War Eagle beat Bowery Hoy, 7-1: Buropa beat
Mountain Belle. 9-8; Warpatb beat Alameda
Lad. 8-5; Walt a Bit beat Dairy Maid. 11-6;
Terronlte beat Nightingale. 13-5: Twilight Jr.
beat Wedding Bells, 7-4; Cash Day beat Flying
'Daisy, 5-1.
Fourth round— War Eagle beat Miss Grizzle.
C-4; Europa beat Warpath. 3-2: Walt a Bit
beat Terronlte. 9-5; Twilight Jr. beat Cash
Day, 7-0.
Fifth round— War Eagle beat Europa. 6-4;
Walt a Bit beat Twilight Jr., 3-2.
Deciding course— War Eagle boat Walt a
Bit, 5-0. _______________
FITZSIMMONS
IS FAVORITE IN
THE BETTING
His Friends Believe Ruhlin
Cannot Stand Against
His Heavy Blows.
"Akron Giant," However, Is Confi
dent, and Gives Assurance He
•Will Not Again Bo Wer
vous in the Ring.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9. — Those fel
lows who think I am a "has been"
will change their opinion after my
bout with Ruhlln. My hands are
Just as serviceable as they ever
were, and my strength and hitting
powers remain unchanged.
ROBERT FITZSIMMONS.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.—Fitzsim
mons is a cunning fellow in the
ring, but he will have to. spring
something mighty original to lead
me Into a trap that will give him
an opportunity to score a knock
out. I think I will win and believe
I will do the trick Inside of fifteen
rounds. AUGUST RUHLIN.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Comparatively
few wagers have been placed on the flght
which Is to take place ln Madison Square
Gardens to-morrow night between "Bob"
Fitzsimmons and "Gus" Ruhlln. Of the
few wagers placed odds of 10 to 8 were
laid that Fitzsimmons would win. Those
who pin their faith to Fitzsimmons be
lieve that his experience, original tactics
and great generalship, together with his
hard hitting, will more than offset Ruh
lin's advantage ln weight and youth.
Several good judges who watched Fitz
simmons critically while at his work ex
pressed the opinion that the former
heavyweight champion was a bit drawn.
They thought he had trained down too
fine. .
Ruhlln's friends can find no flaw In the
physical condition of the "Akron giant."
"Don't worry about me being nervous,"
Ruhlln said, "because there will be no
occasion for It. My timidity, which was
so apparent ln my contest with Sharkey,
was due to the fact that I had been beat
en by Sharkey on a chance blow and a
desire on my part to prevent the sailor
from repeating the trick."
Fitzsimmons' friends point out that
"Lanky Bob" has a greater variety of
trick blows than any other living pugilist,
and they believe that he has several new
ones that will give him the victory. It was
Fitzsimmons who Introduced the solar
plexus blow, which proved so effective In
his fight with Corbett. It Is also pointed
out by the former heavy-weight cham
pion's admirers that their favorite can
strike a much harder blow than Ruhlln.
That Ruhlin is not a very hard hitter
they insist was proven In his fight with
Sharkey. The "Akron giant" hit the
sailor repeatedly on the head, and al
though he eventually knocked him Into
a state of helplessness. It took him a very
long time to accomplish the task. On
the other hand, Fitzsimmons has always
knocked his men out with a single blow
on head or body.
Rtihlin's supporters say that their con
fidence in the "Akron Giant" is due to
the latler's wonderful Improvement with
in the last six months. In their opinion
the Ohio man la just as clever as any
big pugilist ln the ring to-day. That he
is clover with his hands and as well with
his feet, they Insist was clearly demon
strated In his fight with Sharkey. In that
contest he showed ability to fight a bat
tle on the lines marked out for him weeks
before the event took place.
They admit he was a bit nervous ln the
flrst round, but his timidity quickly wore
away, and after that period Ruhlln had
things all his own way. They also be
lieve that youth and strength will tell
In the Ohio man's favor and will event
ually give him a victory. Opinions of
experts on the battle are interesting:
"Terry" McGovern— Fitzsimmons la my
choice. V
Corbett— T think Ruhlin will win.
"Al" Smith — Ruhlln Is too clever axid
shifty for Fitzsimmons to knock out.
Sam Harris— I am betting on Fitzsim
mons.
John Considlne— I expect to see the
"Akron Giant" win and I'm betting my
money on him.
"Eddie" Burke— I'd llke^ to place a few
thousand dollars at 8 to 10 on Ruhlln.
"Tom" Sharkey— I pick Fitzsimmons to
win.
"Tom" O'Rourke— Fitzsimmons knows
too much for Ruhlln and I think he will
win. V.
John Ij. Sullivan— I believe Fitzsimmons
will whip Ruhlln to-morrow night. The
bout will not go over six rounds.
M'PARTLAND'S* SECONDS
THROW UP THE SPONGE
George McFadden of New York
Whips the Kid in Sixteen
Fierce Rounds.
NEW* YORK. Aug. 9.— At the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night Georgo McFadden
of this city whipped Kid McPartland. an
other local pugilist, so badly that Mc-
Partland's seconds threw up the sp6ngo
in tho sixteenth round to prevent their
man from being knocked out. I
Up to the tenth round McFadden suc
ceeded ln landing some fearful right-hand
smashes over McPar Hand's kidneys, and
these so weakened tho Kid that he went
to the floor In. the tenth round, and took
tho count before he got up. At the dose
of tho fifteenth round McFadden swung
left and right to the body and repeated
both blows to the head, sending: McPart
land again to the floor just as the bell
sounded. McPartland was groggy as- he
came up for the sixteenth round and'Mc-
Fadden rushed him. flooring him with a
body ' blow. McPartland was very weak
when he regained his feet and he clinched
to nave 'himself 'from going down again.
McFadden beat him off , and would un
doubtedly have knocked out McPartland
had the , latter's seconds not thrown up
the sponge. 'i&EBKBR&VtBBtBBtimBBR
Cash Sloan Wins.
PARIS. Aug. 10.— At /-Vichy 'yesterday
Cash Sloan won the Prix du Reves d'Or,
25.000 francs, over a course of 1000 metres
on the Duke of Gramoat's Seville.
Special reserve stake, first round — T. Logan's
Miss Grizzle boat B. Reddy's Silver Button,
6-0; Curtis & Son's Psyche beat L. F. Bartels'
Baron Blood, 4-3: W. Healey's Ladylike beat R.
L. Taylor's Freedom's Manner, 7-3: K. Reddy's
Springtime beat P. Supple's Glennida, 0-S;
Georjre Sharman's Uowery Boy beat U. L. Tay
lor's Brilliant Beauty. 15-1; J. Byrnes' Master
Bly beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Warrego,. 6-2;
Curtis & Son's War Eagle beat P. Cronln's
Master Gordon. 11-4: T. Lograji's Leah beat T.
It. Barrett's Master Xed. 14-3; F. McComb's
Storm King beat J. Potter's Al, 8-2; W. J.
Browning's Mountain Belle beat R. Roberts'
Rosomonde. 5-0; J. J. Edmonds* Go On beat
J. Reagan's Bart's Belle, 14-3; D. Dillon's Eu
ropa beat Kay Brothers' Dudley Diamond, 4-3;
J. Dexnpsey's Jingle Bells beat P. Cronin's
Lear KltiB, 7-5; Curtis & Son's Warpath beat
Kay Brothers' Crosspatch, 8-0; W. C. Badger's
Alameda Lad beat J. Carroll's Bluestone, 3-0;
G. Lahusen's Fireside beat L. F. Bartels'
Biddy Banshee, 12-5; Condrey & Rouf's Home
ward Bofcnd beat J. J. Edmonds' Whisky Hill,
S-5; R. E: de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid beat L. F.
Bartels' Bridget Blarney, 1S-2; P. McCabe's
Fair Lily beat G. Welch's Little Lucy. 11-5;
Georpe Sharman's Watt a Kit beat W. Healey's
Limbertwlg. S-0; SI. Mlchllikl's Terronlte beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Sea Breeze. 4-1; P.
J. Rellly's Loughne.ish beat S. Handy' s Clon
tarf Boy 5-4; Condrey & Rouf's Nightingale
Wat P. J. RelUy's Willful Widow. 10-4; Georfte
Pharman's St. Ives beat J. Keenan's Black
lock. 2S-7; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Wedding
Bolls beat J. Hurley's Billy. 15-2; r>. E. Wiley's
Hjgh Born Lady beat T. Lopan's Honor Bright,
27-3: D. Toland's Twilight Jr. beat XV. D. Mur
phy's Till!" R. 6-3; P. Brophy's Lord Hastings
beat Dr. Weldon's La Belle. 13-8; Condrey &
D. Dillon's Europa made a good show-
Ing and reached the fifth round, ln which
she was put out of the game by the stake
winner. Europa was unfortunate with
Warpath in the fourth and was forced to
run three courses before getting the de
cision. Immediately after this hard work
her position on the card called for a go
with War Eagle. Europa was willing
enough and made It interesting while she
lasted, but the pace was too fast for her.
P. J. Rellley's Futurity candidate,
Loughneagh. though beaten ln the second
round, made a good impression and
coursing men predict a fair future for the
youngster. Curtis & Son's Psyche satis
fied her owners by her work.
The For Freedom pups did not show so
well, both going out ln the flrst round.
There is a chance before the event, how
ever, for them to show improvement.
Springtime, quoted at 5 to 1. won on
merit a good course from Glennida.
A fair sprinkling of short ends made
the first round Interesting. Alameda Lad
beat Blue Stone at ZVz to 1; Homeward
Bound beat Whiskey Hill, 5 to 1; Lough
neagh beat Clontaif Boy. 5 to 3; High
Born Lady beat Honor Bright, 5 to 2;
Lady Hulda brat Mira Monte. ZV> to 1;
Cash Day beat L. S. Conley, 2 to L
A half dozen upsets followed in the fi
nals.
The day's results with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores follow:
Curtis & Sons* War Eagle showed con
siderable coursing qualities throughout
the Special Reserve Stake at San Mateo
Park yesterday and wound up his brill
iant work bv beating Sharman's Walt a
Bit, a 3 to I favorite, in the deciding
course.
Wait a Bit Is Runner Up in
the Reserve Stake at
*San Mateo.
WAR EAGLE WINS
THE FINAL FROM
A HOT FAVORITE
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF? TWO CENTURIES.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
CHEMISTRY IN 1800 AND IN 1900.
•Not given.
In 1S93 E. F. Smith filled the position of
secretary.
Frank McMahon, owner of Alarla and
Croker, recently purchased the fast filly
Goddess of Night. Frank thinks the
Eastern game the greatest on earth.
Recent advices from Kentucky are that
Starter J. B. Ferguson has so far recov
ered as to be up and walking about. He
is. however, very far from being a well
man. .
A horse of the lateral gait stepped a
mile over the Sacramento track the other
morning ln 2:07. and two or three trotters
have covered miles better than 2:10.
The State Fair directors figure that it
ought to be worth $150 a day per book to
hang up slate*. There will be two harness
and four running events each day.
A stringent rule was recently passed by
the. Chicago racetrack officials, barring
touts. Their work became too coarse. It
is also. rumored that California poolboys
cannot obtain employment on far Eastern
tracks. If these latter gentry are any
worse than the Eastern product which
occasionally floated out here they must be
"awful good."
It would appear that the local season
of racing which opens at Oakland track
on November 3 Is to receive renewed Im
petus, and It would not be surprising to
see as many Eastern horses and turfmen
as were here four years ago, when the
sport was seen at its best. Already Sec
retary Bob Mllroy of the California
Jockey Club says applications are coming
in for stable room. Sam Hlldreth will
bring out a big stable of twenty-four,
including some of the best racing material
in the country. "Billy" Magrane must
have put in a prosperous season around
Chicago, for he asks for fourteen stalls
at Oakland. What-Er-Lou. the stake
horse trained by Magrane. which broke
down here twd?seasons ago. will be taken
up from pasturage and again placed in
training.
The stables of W. B. Jennings & Co. and
W. L. Stanfleld are now quartered at
Agricultural Park. Sacramento.
and the study of crystalline forms and
crystallography began to establish itself
as an independent science. Almost all of
the experimental results obtained were
discovered with reference to the possibil
ity of determining the relative weights
of the atoms of the elements. Two op
posing schools arose, one maintaining that
the accurate understanding of these small
quantities would be forever an impossi
bility; the other that a Judicious com
bination of laboratory results with theo
retical reasoning ultimately would lead
to definite conclusions. The latter view
finally triumphed.
Until l!?:» a sharp division existed be
tween so-called inorganic chemistry ami
that portion of the science termed or
ganic. Ihe substances with which organic
chemistry had to deal were supposed to
be the product of life action only; it was
neiievrd that any attempts at laboratory
formation of the products of living organ
isms would fail. In ISIS Wohler with one
stroke broke down the barrier. He suc
ceeded in synthesizing urea, which had
been considered solely the result of physi
ological action. The result opened a new
field for chemical activity and in a few
years many men were engaged in investi
gations which led to the production of a
large number of new substances and their
derivatives, all containing the elements
carbon combined with hydrogen, many of
them also with oxygen, nitrogen and phos
phorus and sulphur. The possibilities of
this new branch of the science, still
termed from habit organic chemistry,
were practically unlimited, but the old
controversy In regard to atomic weights
was not settled. Its development was re
tarded owing to the misunderstanding of
chemical principles. In 1S32 Llebig and
\\ ohler Published a long research on tho
oil of bitter almonds which did much to
clear up existing misconceptions, and a
few years later the French chemists, Du
mas. Laurent and Gerhardt. made a fur
ther advance by the discovery of chlori
nated acetic acid and allied bodies. The
conception of the nature of organic sub
stances and of the mission of this branch
of chemistry became clearer. In the early
?J3Ki Kekule in Bonn and Frautland anil
VV illiamaon in England finally brought or
der out of chaos and placed the science
on a theoretical basis, which has been fol
lowed to the present day.
Meanwhile, although much time had
ueen spent In theoretical discussion ex
perimental work had grown rapidlv. and
the result breame apparent in a practical
way In 1S2j Faraday discovered benzlno
1 * , °J l obtained from the distillation
of coal for gas works. In Itself the dis
covery was apparently of no practical im
portance, but yet this same substance was
thirty years later to become the oil from
which was derived aniline and manv of
1 .D e "J 0 /?."" coal tar Products. The waste
io ««£. -if a » , w ? rka - f °r«>erly a nuisance.
1 H ro i w F edlstllled and refined. It produced
all the innumerable dyes which are in use
nh'rnJ^ ft 9 WeI l as antifebrin.
5£rt! a /£H n am U, a hos - t of otner modern
medicinal remedies. No branch of chem
?>, ?£ u . tr^ has snown greater advances
ln^i n^ hat of co f ! tar and lts derivatives
a !$ /JS ? c^ rlva J. !t ln the multiplicity
and the varied application of Its products.
pS?id VSifSSS, ?n 3 is43 aUCally lnVesti "
The first aniline dye was placed on the
- m^ 9t '£ "^Jft Perkln >n England In
22 , G f aebe and Llobermann produced ar
tinclal madder which later entirely re
placed the natural product and caused the
entire revolution of agricultural metho.U
In France. Subsequently Baeyer succeed
ed in accomplishing the difficult task of
preparing artificial Indigo. Of recent
years one of the greatest advances In or
ganic chemistry has been accomplished
by Emll Fischer In h!s exhaustive work
on tho group of substances known as 3u
arars. He has at last succeeded ln pre
paring synthetic glucose from materials
obtainable ln the laboratory.
The last fifteen years has brought for
ward the development of a practical!'.
new field of chemical work, which is at
present termed physical chemistry. This
portion of the science concerns Itself
chiefly with the Intermediary ground ly
ing between physics and chemistry, and
although the history of Its later develop
ment has been brief It already has many
notable achievements to Its credit. Its
future work concerning electrical prob
lems closely allied to chemistry and the
elucidation of questions appertaining to
solution will Inevitably have a wide prac
tical bearing. The Influence of physical
chemistry already Is being felt ln many
branches of technical Industry.
The strides taken by the chemical In
dustries, based upon the exhaustive the
oretical knowledge obtained by years of
laboratory development, have been mar
velous. Within the limits of this brief
article it Is not possible to enumerate the
smallest proportion of their progress.
Apart from the subjects mentioned above,
modern chemistry has revolutionized the
manufacture of explosives, glass, soap,
paper, alloys and cement. Metallurgy is
on an entirely different footing, and the
process of electro-metallurgy has become
one of the most Important industries In
existence. Beet-sugar production has
been developed almost Into an exact
science, and the various processes of fer
mentation and alcohol preparation have
kept pace with the rest.
Physiological chemistry recently has ad
vanced to a point where accurate results
and close reasoning are possible, and th*
benefits derived from surh substances as
antitoxin cannot be overestimated.
The entire army of chemical investiga
tors is moving forward to-day as it has
been in the past. The future for the
chemical Industries is perhaps beyond our
present comprehension, but in order for
this result to be accomplished the founda
tion' of technical advance must be laid
broad and deep in the firm ground of
scientific research. PAUL C. FREER.
University of Michigan.
SEMI-FINAL DOUBLES ARE
WON BY HARDY BROTHERS
.Defeat Ollie Campbell and Robert
Huntington at the South
ampton Court. -
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Richard Stevens
of the Hoboken Club and W. A. Larned.
the ex-champlon, won this forenoon's
tennis match at Southampton, defeating
R. D. Wrenn and George L. Wrenn re
spectively, and, therefore, they will con
test the finals in the Long Island lawn
tennis championship tournament. The
score follows:
Gentlemen's championship singles, semi
final round — William* Larned defeated
George L. Wrenn Jr., 6-2, 6-2; Richard
Stevens defeated R. D. Wrenn, 2-6, 6-1, 6-4.
In the afternoon the semi-final round of
the championship doubles was started.
The opening match was between the Pa
cific Coast champions, the Hardy broth
ers, and Ollio Campbell, paired with Rob
ert Huntington. The two veterans set out
at a hot pace and forced the Callfornians
to run for the swift drives that they sent
deep into their court. The initial set went
to Campbell and Huntlnrfton by an easy
score, but the Hardys took the second set
at 6-2 and the third set at 6-1.
All of the events have now reached the
final round, and the matches will be
played to-morrow. Score:
Gentlemen's championship singles, semi
final round— W. A. Larned defeated
George L>. Wrenn Jr.; Richard Stevens de
feated R. D. Wrenn.
Gentlemen's championship doubles, semi
final round— John Allen and W. J. Clothier
deleated R. D. Wrenn and George L.
Wrenn Jr.: Sumner Hardy and Samuel
Hardy defeated Ollle Campbell and R, P.
Huntington. '3-6. 6-2, 6-1. \
Gentlemen's consolation singles, first
round— John A. Allen defeated F. B. Alex
ander. -
Semi-final round-John A. Allen defeated
C. F. Watson Jr.; Samuel Hardy defeated
R. D. Little. 6-2, 1-6, 7-5.
ENOS GILLERAN'S
BODY RECOVERED
Widow of Dead Man and Five-Year-
Old Daughter in Destitute
Condition.
The body of the man found in the bay
last Thursday morning was Identified at
the Morgue yesterday by David McWhlr-
ter of 457 Valencia street as that of Enos
Gllleran of 123 West Mission street. Olll
eran and his son George, aged » years;
Otto Macowski and David McWhirter
went sailing on the bay on July 29 In a
catboat belonging to McWhlrter. W hen
off Lime Point the boat nearly upset In
a squall and Gllleran and his son were
thrown into the water and swept away
by the strong tide and drowned. McWhlr
ter and Macowski succeeded In clinging to
the boat until rescued.
The boy's body has not yet been recov
ered Gllleran was 45 years old and a
native of Texas. He was a carpenter and
his widow is in a destitute condition with
a little daughter five years old to take
care of.
At the inquest held yesterday afternoon
by Justice of the Pence Barry, McWhlr
ter told how he and Macowski succeeded
In getting Gllleran and the boy aboard
the boat after they had fallen overboard.
The boy was a'.most drowned and imme
diately fell back Into the water. Gilleran
went overboard for the purpose of saving
him. and the last that was seen of them
was when the boy placed his arms around
his father's neck and said: "Father, take
me home."
Then they sank together.
RUHLIN VS. FITZSIMMONS!
CONNELLY VS. FERNS!
Two championship contests Friday night.
Pools on these contests will be sold at
Ocean View. San Mateo electric cars di
rect to door. Men enter ring 6:45 p. m.
(local time). Special wire direct from ring,
side.*" Room open Thursday and Friday
all day. : ABRAMS & BROYER. •
J. Beiff's Good Day.
DUBLIN, Aug. 10.— At the second day's
races of the Curragh meeting, yesterday
Johnny Reiff , the American jockey, was
first in' each of his three mounts. He won
the Newbridge • plate : on Earl Cadogan's
Laflgla. Her Majesty's plate on J. Lowry's
Cecil Wlnkfleld and -the -Thursday plate
on W.. R. Walker's Rainstorm. He did
not enter any of the other races. The
crowd gave him a'great ovation. /
For More Sports See Eleventh Page.
AMERICANS RETAIN
DAVIS TENNIS TROPHY
Ward and Davis Defeat the English
Team on the Longwood
Courts.
BOSTON, Aug. 9.— The Davln tennis tro
phy Is to remain here for at least one year
more, the victory of "Ward and E>avis over
Black and Barrett In the doubles on the
Longwood courts this afternoon giving tho
Americans a majority of wins, even if
they should lose the two remaining
matches which will be played to-morrow.
The home team won because It played
steadier and more scientific tennla and
because it was evenly balanced. Sum-
H. Ward and D. F. Davis (Americans
beat E. D. Black and H. R. Barrett (Eng
lish). 6-4. 6-4. 6-4.
At the beginning of the eighteenth cen
tury chemistry had just been emancipat
ed from the influence of medieval super
stition and had established its right to be
considered an Independent science, with
the consciousness of a basis for future
individual development. Almost from the
Christian era It was stunted by the ignis
fatuus of alchemy and latro chemistry.
Its sole reason for existence being the ap
plication of the few known facts to the
conversion of the baser metals into gold
or to the exploitation of so-called medi
cinal remedies. The knowledge thus far
collected was incidental to these purposes
and the prevalent theories were borrowed
from the Ancients or Arabians. AH
known Bubstances were supposed to be
formed by varying proportions of the
essential principles— earth, water, fire, air,
mercury, sulphur and salt. Experimental
science, having for Its object the estab
lishment of fundamental theories, derived
by the correlation of observed facts, was
unknown.
Chemistry as an Independent science
owes Its origin to Robert Boyle, who In
th© middle of the seventeenth, century
was the first to courageously oppose the
older doctrines advocated by the peripa
tetics, and who. by a series of masterly
writings, sought to replace the vague no
tion of principles by more definite chem
ical elements, defined by him as sub
stances which could not by ordinary
means be disintegrated into two or more
simpler bodies. It is true Boyle frequent
ly erred In his conclusions, as. for ex
ample, when he considered glass and
water to be chemical elements, owing to
his Inability to decompose them. Al
though his methods were often weak, his
conclusions were sound, and his brilliant
experimental genius finally succeeded In
establishing the science on a firm basis,
even rendering the "black art" fashionable
at court; kings and princes neglected or
dinary affairs of state in order to dabble
with the "spring of the air" and kindred
Although^ Boyle revolutionized methods.
it was not until the beginning of the
eighteenth century that the entire scien
tific world abandoned the older views and
the way was opened for the establishment
of the first chemical theory which under
took to connect a series of obviously re
lated facts. Until this necessary advance
was made no substantial progress could
be noted, for all the efforts of Investiga
tion ended merely in aimless wanderings.
This first scientific step opened the *<&
for consistent and vigorous advance. The
first theory was subsequently discarded
because it was founded upon qualitative
and not quantitative observation of
chemical phenomena, nevertheless Its
benefit was incalculable, for it outlined a
definite and precise course for future ex
perimentation. The theory Is known as
that of phlogiston. Its object was to ex
plain the changes taking place .during
combustion. All matter while burning
was believed to separate a princip.e
termed phlogiston, so that the remainin?
incinerated product was suPP 05 /** J°, be ,,2f
simpler composition than the initial sub-
St The e " fault of the theory was that In
reality bodies during burning gain in
weight, a separation seeming, therefore,
less than a union. A further develop
ment of eighty years was requiredJ^Xore
workers in the science realized this fact.
The phlogiston period was one of great
activity in the chemical field and many
notable discoveries occurred under its
auspices. Particularly was this true o£
the isolation of various gases such as
carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide (laughing
ca<0 nitric oxide, ammonia gas, muriatic
acid 'gas. chlorine and lastly oxygen and
hydrogen. Black. Priestly. Scheule,
Watt. Cavendish and many other men
added luster to the science. Considerable
progress was made in chemical industry:
the manufacture of fulphuric acid de
veloped and toward the end »t the cen
tury when the phlogiston theory was al
ready giving way to our modern views th«
dry distillation of bituminous coal and the
manufacture of Illuminating gas, coke and
period was brought to an
end about 17S0-90 by the accurate re
searches of the Frenchman Lavoisier.
This investigator demonstrated combus
tion to be a union with one of the con
stituents of the atmosphere, a gas which
Priestly and Scheule had discovered and
which Lavoisier named oxygen. Sub
stances in burning were shown to have
gained weight, and this gain in weight
was demonstrated to be commensurate
with a loss suffered by the air support
ing the process of burning. Chemical
elements, as they are to-day, were defined
as forms of matter which, when alone,
could not be changed into two or more
simpler bodies and the products of com
bustion were therefore shown to be com
pounds. Lavoisier's crowning work was
the final proof that water ls,<a compound
of hydrogen and oxygen and the firm
establishment of the law of constancy of
matter. A new system of nomenclature,
substantially the same as that of to-day,
was -introduced and the way was opened
for the marvelous advances made in the
nineteenth century.
After the death of Lavoisier, In 1792. a
host of earnest inv?stlgators carried on
his work; new elements and compounds
were discovered and by 1S06 the way was
clear for the establishment of the funda
mental law governing the composition of
chemical compounds known as the law of
constant proportions (Proust). All truo
chemical compounds were recognized as
having their constituent elements com
bined in constant and unvarying ratio by
weight, and although a bitter opposition
to this view was carried on by the emi
nent scientist Berthollet. the facts re
vealed by careful analysis established the
theory, and from that time all chemical
science was based upon their understand
ing. Almost simultaneously with this ad
vance. the present theory of atoms, which
has ¦ been of Immeasurable benefit In the
progress of the science, was developed in
England by John Dalton, and the laws
governing the combining volumes of gases
were discovered by Gay-Lussac In France,
thus serving to firmly establish this
theory In the chemical world.
Chemical Industry received a preat
impetus from the intense activity
in the theoretical field. The isola
tion of France during the revo
lutionary period caused her to make
an earnest effort to supply chemicals pre
viously purchased abroad, and as a result
the Le Blanc process for the manufac
ture of soda originated there. Until re
cently It was the sole means of producing
this important chemical. Owing to the
possibility of the commercial production
of chlorine, bleaching powder came into
use: ammonia was generated In quantity
from the gasworks, which were Increas
ing Jn number, and the cultivation of the
sifgar beet and the mean3 of marketing
the product, a difficult chemical problem,
began to gain ground. / jr
The period In the history of chemistry
immediately following the understanding
of the law of definite .proportions was
until about 1S32 mainly devoted to defin
ing and enlarging the views already es
tablished, the principal object being to
Investigate the.subject of atomic weights,
which, were cjiemieal quantities defined
by Dalton, and about the exact Inter
pretation of which bitter controversy
Xglgned. The conflict thus precipitated
stimulated research and served to hasten
the discovery ol many new elements and
compounds and to. perfect the methods of
analysis. The Swedish chemist Berzelrus.
a man of endurance, untiring energy and
experimental skill far beyond that of any
of his contemporaries, was the most nota
ble figure In the chemical world of this
period. In addition to his pre-eminent
dexterity in the laboratory he was a vo
luminous writer. The results of his re
searches were compiled In a manual of
chemistry, which first appeared in the
Swedish language and. which was subse
quently translated Into German by his
friend Wohler. The general chemical field
was reviewed in an annual compilation.
By means of his activity and his excep
tional facility for bringing his views be
fore his colleagues Berzellus succeeded
during thirty years in completely domi
nating the science. .
• The period from 1S06 to 1S45 was fruit
ful In the discovery and Isolation of new
elements, over twenty-five being: added to
the known list. Mineral analysis almost
reached the standard of the present day
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.
VIII.
Sporting Events of the Day
7
1S9S. 1S93.
Vlnctor "> « "
Dewey If 6 31
Capital 13 U 27
Favorite , 9 Ji • ??
Sunny Slope » • " "
California Annual 12 10 17
Phafter 1* Ji «
Flash * 18 27
Totals W M 19S
1S9S. 1S93.
Vlnctor "> « "
Dewey If 6 31
Capital 13 U 27
Favorite , 9 Ji • ??
Sunny Slope » • " "
California Annual 12 10 17
Phafter 1* Ji «
Flash * 18 27
Totals W M 19S
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San Francisco.
LITHOGRAPHING
Union Lithograph Co.. 325 Sansome st.. Artistic
Lithographers ami Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Btarr-js.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth, 25c. Robinson Chera. Co., Iie3 Howard.
OALVAMZINO AND METALS.
Mfc & Dealer ln Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
liC nOVPC £ TO SlUPPln* Butchers. 101
JA5- DUIC3 (I Llf« Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 34 East at.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILa LEONARD * EL-
LIS. 41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
?3 First st.. San Francisco.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
PHI.NT1.O.
F T PHfiHF^ PRINTER,
t- Kr liU!il!G3> bu Sansome st.. S. F\
PAINTS
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils, Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. P.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, $gg s g M £l
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its QREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in ths
market. Office and Yards — ISO Mnln street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telejgyphlo PARTRIDGE 3C6 L raU .
DB. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analagoua complaints of the
Orcans of Generation. - . :- :
l'rlce {la bottle. For sale by druggists.
/£§SS®§&S%v I will guarantee
/e^&ty'ittffS tbat wy Rheumatism
«S5J3jg§g«'£|X Cure will relieve lum-
fsgf bago, sciatica and all
»« »S«« rheumatic pains in
19? saa^tScSsSr two or three hours,
i n» *^^%¥ and cure in a few
£§|$/ MUNYON. v
>rfP*5J^J|ijflL -A* all druggists,
C|^i®f»^JWJ3S 25c - a titi. Guide
TpPSS^HW t0 Health. and medi-
'1 i F». 'cal advice free.
I • 1505 Arch st.; Phila.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
VaM&P^^ *- 1 Keamy ptrpet, S. F., for
K**^ . Fishing Tackle and Sporting
Goods. The largest stock on
the Pacific Coast of. every description. ¦* Send 3
cents ln poetaire stamps for the latest 90-page
illustrated catalogue. No. 4. - ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
All This Week-MATINEB SATURDAY.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER \
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
In the Romantic Comedy.
HEARTSEASE.
Eun&ay NU*t— Fourth Series I
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
Eubject-"GRAXP CANYON."
f^'V'T'p A — Owlnc to the creat demand :
*-/'V I rV/-*. tor seats "HEARTSEASE"
xc-iii be continued for four additional perform-
en^f.-Next MONDAY. TUESDAY aad WED-
NESDAY Nlrhts aad WEDNESDAY Matinee.
Following three Nishts and Saturday Matinee.
"The AdYentareofJhe Lady Ursula"
NOTICE I r l r^^ d^
Thursiay evening, the opening performance of
•The Adrenture of the Lady Ursula," All
tfco«e ooslrin* said reservations will please no-
ttrjr box office BEFORE NEXT WEDNES-
3 'AT. Seats ready.
i The New GorapanTa Crackajack!
BENNETT and STEMBLOR,
*£&££&£ ?&°<? GK "• COHAN -
HOOKEIt AND DAVIS
JOLLY JOHN NASH.
Ze.a* Rawlstnn. St Onge Brothers. Nichols
Sisters. Blograph.
MR. AND MRS. JOHN MASON (Katherlne
Grey).
Reserved Seats. Z5c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs ar.d Box Seats. 50c.
Mat'.r.ocs Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
THE TTVO ENORMOUS SUCCESSES.
"OTHELLO" and "RIGOLETTO"
mi Be Continued Next Week.
This Evonir.e ar.d Saturday Nleht. Monday.
T**f><*nes(Jay, Kriday. Saturday Night*. Next
'"OTHELLO."
lTslinr* To-ramrow, Sunday Evenlnc Tupr-
<sy, Thursday. Sunday Kiphts, Saturday Mal-
lr»«v Nrxt Week.
"RICOLETTO."
TTf«k Aup. ». "T»nnhRus»r" and "Mi^non."
F^Htc j-'jrrhase'l 'or these operas can be ej-
cltanccd seven Oays ahead, beginning next
Monday.
POPULAR PRICK? 2Sc and 5»c !
Tdephooa Bush 9. i
j
/\. §^ Si T 5? £ "^ r
~—m~— I
LAST THREE MOOTS. !
ONLT MATINEE TO-MORROW— SATURDAY
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whittlesey.
« COUNTRY GIRL!
NEXT WEEK — Charlotte Thompson's
Comedy Drama,
"A SUIT OF SABLE."
SEATS NOW READY.
CHUTES AND Z00. E :^ E A /X DB
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL I
CANNON THE FAT MAN.
FEABURY— HIGH DIVElt I
TO-MOF.ROW NIGHT
6APHO AND A MONSTER CAKEWALK.
Drier Soatg by Phor.e Park a.
TTICrupR'C CONCERT HOUSE.
r IDC nun o Admu.ioa \o=.
The OgSens ar.d Bertha Foltz ln "The Right
Stock!r(t": Eudora Forde. Moll and Moulton.
New Moving Picture*, etc. Matinee Sunday.
Reserved Seats. Sic.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a, m. to 11 p. m.
Bathinc From 7 a. m. to 19 p. in.
ADMISSION. JOc CHILDREN. £c.
r.s*fc!n?. inc!u<5inr adml«s!on. r>: Children. Me.
STATEMENT
-OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Fidelity 1 Casualty
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, en the 21ft day of December. A. D.
3f??, and for the year endine on that day. as
rnsd* to th* Insurance Commissioner of the
ef sections «10 and Cll of the Political Code,
ccnder.fed as per blank furnished by the Com-
jr.issloner.
CAPITAL. ""*-
/mount of Capital Stock, paid op 1n
Cash HSO.OOO 00
ASSETS.
Jlcal rotate cwr.*>d by Company ECS 1S9 34 !
Cash Markrt Value of s!l Stocks ard ' ;
Bonis «r»rird by Company J.ST0.S2* 50 I
<~ash In Company's Office 2fi 629 04 !
Cub !n Barks 103.610 47!
Jr.tPrert due ar.d arrrued on a'.l
Stocks and Loans 2.3(>2 Z9
rremlumi ln due Course of Collection S28.CG0 65
Kents due and accrued 1.S6J 71
Urserve reinsurance deposit. 22.137 46
Total AfseU J2.440.C2 78
LIABILITIES.
Tt?p* In process of Adjustment or In
Purpense 1192.857 J7
j^«»pj, resisted. Including expenses.. &04.2S5 74
Crogs premiums on Risks. run-
nir«r one year or le«s. $ ; rein-
surance DO per cent 1.E29.S32 S4
Gross premiums on Risks, run-
ning more than one year, i ;
rcln5urance pro rata 206,957 41
J'uo and accrued for ealaries, rent,
«-ts 2S.6W 58
Total Liabilities J2.462.19I »4
I INCOME. ~~~
l'.N*t cash actually received for pre-
t. ¦¦:•: > $3,431,514 40
I>c?lved for Interest ar.d dividends on
IVmds. Stocks, Leans and from all
other eouves RB.4S4 50
Tl«-<-elv«J for Kentu C9.S13 71
J:*ce!ved from a.!l other sources 34.7J6 23
Total Income JJ.691.338 £6
EXPENDITURES.
»t am-rurt paid for Losses Clnclud-
Ir.g S , Josses of previous
y»art) JI.C97.S90 SO
r»!vi«ends to Ftockholders £0,000 09
J'fci^ or allowed for Commission or
Brok^rape $12,330 3S
Paid for Salaries Fees, and cth?r
'harjrps for officers, clerks, etc...'.. 21S.IC6 41
Taid f&r State. National an<i Local
taxes 88.018 S3
All cither payments and expenditure* 448.739 CS
Total Expenditure* J3.316.0S5 60
Jesses Incurred d'jrlnc the rear fl.331.743 i2
OEO. r. FEWAP.D, President.
HENRY CROFSLEY. ActUf Sec'y.
SubFTil.ed and sworn to before me, this 27tb
fiay of March. 190fl.
GEO. W. VARIAN. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
?. C PARDEE,
Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
EAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
COAU COKB AND PIO IRON.
f r WII SflV X- m 90 ° B *« e ry Street.
J-W- nlLJUll (A WU>, Telephons Main 1S64.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunle Bst
DIRECTORY
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Mallai
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TIMES 'OF
DUXjfE * RYLET'S ALL-STAR CAST IN
"THE NIGHT OF Tiic FOURTii"
Sunday Hight— Special Farewell FerformanM,
"RUSHJCITY."
Commcndne; Sunday Afternoon and Every
Evening Next Week Excepting Sunday,
SPECIAL MATINEES TUESDAY, THURS-
DAY. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Palmer Cox's Celebrated Operetta,
THE BROWNIES IN'FAlrtYLAND
Presented by & Cast of* 500 Professional Children.
NO AMATEURS IN THE PRODUCTION.
THE) USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Children to any performance, afternoon or
evening, to any part of the house. 25 cents.
Walter Moresco Sole Lessee and Manager
MATINGE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS FOR YEARS.
MONDAT— A STAR CAST IN "TRILBY."
Prices— 10c. 15c. 25c 60c.
A few front ro^s in orchestra, 76c
SATURDAY MATINEE— 10c. 15c. 25c, 60c.
Branch ticket office Emporium.
©IP* QpwptmtgAtt
BDTTLEsUl T(iE 0}fflLLERY ;
(/sect in the Me</kd/ Departments of the
U.S. ARMY $NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
w San Francisco. distributors.
Setvart ef/rriteriom or rtjit/e<f Boft/es.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I (%&*
/gnfcL No Plates Required. \$?j
OVR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and curable. Warranted 10 years.
Our %i Plates fit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting is patented
and used ty no oth«r dentist on the Pacific
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 30 DAYS!
I rainless Extraction 2,">c
Removable Bridge work $3.OO
A if a I tram 5«c
Mrs. Dr. IS. L. Walsh will attend to the chll-
| dren's teeth— painlessly.
i DR. R. L. WALSH.
SISfc GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Lerkin. Telephone Polk 1135.
AvisiT DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
$KUSEUH OF ANATQMY?
6 Ct isamu7S7.t«t.e±.7th,3.F.tt.4
\ y* The LarjestAnatomiesI Museum In the >.
Z. %C>3^I diseaie pe»ttI»ely«ror>«Mlbjrtheoldeit T
§ RVZ$i DR. JCRDAN-P2IVATE DISEASES*
\ ff£?LV!ft§ Coa«ultstion itrn nr.d strictly prln^ \
& t X$'<£ H "fitment prr*om!iy rr ly letter. A m
\m hT S\W **"¦"** Ctmln ereryca^e undertaken. \
a T if II €§• WritcforBoolcPBILOfjOPBYvri
H II ¦aRniAGK, MAILED FKBS. (AT
; i /J if. valuable beck for mm) \
f DU. J«Bn.l.\ A- CO.. lOSl Market St.. S. P. f
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE-
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IX THE STATE OF MASSA-
CHUSETTS, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and €11 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid hd ln
ca«h $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 1264,679 75
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bends, stocks and ether marketab!9
securities as collateral 15.000 00
Cash In company's office 5,651 34
Cash In banks 14.9S4 62
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 2.909 48
Premiums In du* course of collection.. 32,'j51 13
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 564 21
Total assets J636.743 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 1.26$ 54
Losses ln process of adjustment or ln
suspense 21,942 66
Gross premiums on fire risks runnlnff %
I oce year or lees, J1D2.9C5 41; reln-
i surance F.0 per cent 76.4S2 71
j Gross premiums on fire risk* runnlnr
more than cue year. {125,537 91: re-
insurance pro rata 75,70* 87
I Due and accrued for salaries, rent, etc. 3,!9S 32
All other demands against the com-
pany 12,703 48
Total liabilities 1131.537 58 i
INCOME.
Net cafh actually received for fire
premiums f 113, S01 17
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 22,176 17
Received from all other sources 1.090 CO
Total Income $737,067 34
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cludlnc $17,205 C. losses of previous
year*) $132,561 41
Dividends to stockholders 18,000 00
paid or allowed for commission or bro-
kerage 46,618 44
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 18.131 «1
Paid for Slate, national and local
taxes 8,405 73
All other payments and expenditures. 30,79) 94
Total expenditures II00.53S IJ
Losres Incurred during the year, fire. .$138,170 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums,
Net amount of risks
written during the year J2G.S40.2i2 4279.104 04
Ket amount of risks
expired during- the ;: : j -
year 21.684,907 233.SJ2 74
Net amount In force, De-
cember ». XS39 26.573.704 278.503 32
FRANCIS PEABODY. President.
HENRY 8. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February. 1900.
GEORGE M. AMERIGS. Notary Public
BAGGS &STOVEL,
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
""*)*« ren«dy •for Gonorr'.iaZ
VS»3rxCUE»*fc2 Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
agtyyini utiiti.^ White*, unnatural Jis.
KfUff GurastMd U charges, or any inflcirna«
fflSW cat to nrlctsra. lion. lirrit&tlcn or uicera-
¦W^rnTesu esougioa. ticn ct unoosi men*
ggSimEvm ChEKICU Co. Cranes. NotJ-Mtringtnt
\^AciNCiNK*n.o.|3^5 Soia by **wntiet*,
«R%. c. T.A 2&t or * cnt lD P uln wrapper.
yi£*?3tt-Z t'Y "press, prepaid, fai
<£Sf(Ey2*&H^?9°K ti.ou, vt s bottiu*. si.ro.
COPPERJ-MITH.
C W CM1TH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
L- IT- 3311 1 lli Bhlp Work a specialty. 1J and
1« Washington st. Telephone Main 564LShipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Pago Eleven.
prominent commission houses. For the most
of the forenoon in fact the tendency was toward
lower prices, traders apparently seeing no profit
In wheat at 7Cc and over, and on one or two
occasions the September price was forced down
to ~a%c Moat of this selling was In the .na
ture of realizing by traders who ¦ had • bought
earlier In - the week, but it was never heavy
enough to cause real weakness.* The market.
In fact, was for the ; most part exceptionally
dull. Late in the Beeslon a firmer tone : was
denoted when reports showed that another day's
export business ; was being done « . and prices
gradually recovered. At the close September
was quoted at 76%<?76V4c j »T|in ||p||'li»iiniij
Corn was verj' dull, but strong and higher.
The continued I hot. dry weather . west and the
conviction that unless immediate relief came,
heavy damase would result was the main fac
tor, p September closed %c higher at 38Hc.
Oats were quiet, but firm. • September closed
%f?Vic higher at 22%®22^c ,. » ,
Provisions were dull almost to the point of
stagnation. There was a generally easier ten-
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— Wheat started with a
material advance, September at 76H<5"6%c, as
compared with yesterday's closing price of
759ic Liverpool quotations, always an- Im
portant factor In 'this market, showed an un
expected advance of %$?id. and this strength
was reflected in the opening here. There was
a moderate buying demand fr&m local shorts
at the start, but the advance did not result In
any pronounced Increase in the volume of trad
ing, and after the first few minutes prices
dropped a little under realizing and selling by
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4C00 ctls;$l 12Vi.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 124.
Regular Morning Session— December — 12.000
ctls, 5112%; 2000, $1 13;. 14,000, $1 12-&; May—
2000 ctls. $1 1SH. ¦
Afternoon Session — December — 22,000 ctls,
$1 12«i. ¦¦¦¦- : •-.¦ ¦ .- ¦ . ¦ .. ; . ' , ¦ .- '¦¦¦- •'
BARLEY— Of the cargo taken to Cork by the
I^argo Law 16,273 ctls was Chevalier.'- -V*»wKa
The market was quieter and rather easier.".
Feed, 77y.@7b«ic for No. 1 and 70@75c for oft
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— IjJverpooI was firmer, owing to re
newed wet weather in Great Britain. Paris,
on the contrary, took a downward turn:
Chicago was strong at a slight advance,' with
some foreign " buying, but a moderate demand
on local account. I^arjce receipts in the South
west were counteracted by the export demand
and short crops in the Northwest. The Corn
belt was reported still -dry.
The local market was rather better, both on
'Spot Wheat— Shipping— $1 05; Milling, |1 O7J4
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sight. .1 — V $4 89
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — . 4 K5
Sterling Cables ;..... — 4 90
New York Exchange/sight: — „ 10 '
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . lihi
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... — 4S&
Exchange and, Bullion.
Chicago Grain Market.
bark Passepartout, from Hongkong; bktn J L
Eviston. from Capo Nome.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Aus 8— Stmr Green
wood, for San Frnnc'sco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Auk 9— Schr
Hnry Etta, hence Auk 4.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Au S «-Schr
Dauntless, from Santa Rosalia
SAN PEDRO-Arrived Auc 9— Schr Lottie
Carbon, from Eureka.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Au S 8-Shlp John Mc-
Donald, from Hllo.
FOREIGN PORTS. '„ 1
COLON-Salled Au S 7-Stmr. Finance. %/^
New York. . . v*~-
Castle, for Queenstown. .
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aug 9— Schr Hon
oipu. for New Caledonia.
VENTURA— Arrived Aoe 9— Schr Peerlema
from Port Bl.ikel»y.
EURF-KA— Sailed Aug 9— Schr Helen X Klm
ball, for .
WESTPORT— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Xavarro,
hence Acr 7
SEATTLE— Salted Aug &_stmr Queen, for
Sltka: stmr Humboldt. for Skaguay.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Aug 9— Schr Okaao
«-an. for Hllo.
BANDON— Sailed Aug 9. at 11 a rn— Schr Jo
seph and Henry, for San Francisco; achr Con
tlanza. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aue 9— Ger
bark Admiral Tegetthoff. from Mnllendo; Nor
NEWPORT — Arrived Aus 3 — Schr Mary
Dodge. Irom Kureka.
GOLOV1N HAY— In port July 26— Schr Gen
McPher^cn. schr J O Wall, schr Carrie and An
nie, schr Abbie F Morris, schr Vlcksbury. «chr
North Star: bark Mermaid, to sail for Seattle;
Gen McPherson, for Cape Nome July 23.
NEAH BAY— Passed Aur »— Stmr Aberdeen.
from Cape Nome, for Seattle.
Passed Aug !?— Br ship Cabul. from Rotter
dam, for Port Townsend: all well.
ASTORIA— Satlefl Aug 9— Br ship. Harleck
DOMESTIC PORTS
Per stmr Portlerd. from St Michael, at Saa
Francisco Aug 9— On July 24 spoke bark Colo
ma 40 miles NW cf Nunivak. bound from Port
Ludlv->w for St M'.chael. July 31 spoke itmr
Newport leaving Valdei. Aug 1 saw stmr Jea
nie in Prince Williama Sound heading for Orca.
MEMORANDUM
VICTORIA. Aug !•— ine scnr aiinsie wu
wrecked In Alaskan waters. Crew saved. Ves
sel lotal loss.
DISASTER.
e The achr Minnie
Per Br ship King George — June 12. lat S3 14
N . Ion >2 23 W. Br bark Dunreggan. from Lon
don, for Honolulu.
May 7, lat 4S 12 S, Ion 63 23 W— Br^*hip Ca
bul. from Rotterdam, for Port Townsend.
May 5. lat 44 45 i«. Ion 61 29 W— Ger bark Ber
tha, from Hamburg, for San Diego.
Per Ger ship Alsternixle— July 30. lat 27 52
N, Ion 127 40 W, Br ship Blackbraes. hence
July 23. for Queenstown.
July 20. lat 12 N. Ion 27 W— Br ship Riverside,
from London, for San Francisco.
June 5. lat 1 N. k>n 21 W— Br ship Fortevlot.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOHOS. Aug 9, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 12 milea.
Thursday. August 9.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Dlesro.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria and Pnget
Sound ports.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldg«tt, Ventura.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka. .
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Brags.
Stmr Brunswick. Anderson. ——.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg-
Shlp Occidental. Watkins. Seattle. " •": •'
Br ship M E Watson, Wilson, Queenstown.
' Br ship Largo Law. Henderson, Queenstown.
Schr Chas E Falk. Henningsen. Coos Bay.
Schr Maxim. Olsen. Eureka.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Reliance. Larsen. .
Schr Jennie ThPlin. Madsen. Coos Bay.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Crescent City.
SAILED.
Thursday. August 9.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good-.
all. Perkins & Co.
CLEARED.
Thursday, Aorut t.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 22 hours from Monterey,
etc.
6tmr Bonita. Xlcolaon, 78 hours from Now
port <S> etc.
Stmr Portland. Lundqufst. 17 days from 8t
Michael, via Uralaska, Unga, Kodlak and Vai
iez.
Stmr Crescent City, StockSeth. 12 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Brunswick, Andres«n. 38 hours from San
Pe-lro.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagexlund, 14 hoars from
Greenwood.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. 4 days
frcm Xanalmo.
Ger ship Alsternlxle, Encrel. 143 days from
Hamburg.
Br ship Milverton, Clemeace, 163 days from
Antwerp.
Br ship Klne George. Bumell, 153 days from
Antwerp.
Br bark Melanoxie, Green, 73 days from Pa
nama.
Schr Mayflower, Ol3en, SH days from Cb
quille River.
S:hr Archie and 7ontle. Johannsan, 10 hours
from Ivers*-n3 Landlnz.
Schr Coquille. Anderson, S% days from Co
qullle River.
TO SAIL.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Aug. 9—2 p. m
Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.-lU^tlSi*
4s do reg U4%HSM
4s do CD new.. 132 132!;
i>s quar coup.. 103 10»*<
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab Ss..ll6>4 —
C C Water 5s..lO6Vi —
Hd L &. P SS.127H —
K & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99
H C & S o^s. — -
Do 5s — 104
L A Ry os 105H106
L A Lt Co Cs. — —
Do gntd 6s.. — —
L A gntd as.. 100 —
L A P R R 5s. — —
Market-st 63. -.126 128^
t>o 1st M rs.llb>» —
N C N G R 7s. — —
N R of Cal 68.113 —
Do 5s - 113H
N P C R R 6S.101 —
Do 5s 1C6 107
N Cal Ry 5s..lllU —
Oak O L & H.lll 112
Oak Tran 6s... 1164117^
Oak W Co os.. — 103
Oceanic S Co..l05*ilC6»,J
Om C Ry 6s.. 127 129
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO3H —
P & O R R 63.115 —
Powell-st R 6s.H0 —
Sac El G&RSs. 90 101
S F & SJV5S.119H120U
B n of Cal 6s.lll 111H
S P of A 6S..111U —
S 1' C 6SI1305). — 111
Do (1S06) .... — 112$
Do <1»12) ....119',i —
?PRCl5t gtnas. — —
S P Br 63 — 133VJ
S V Water 6s.. 113 —
Do 4s 103 —
Do 3d mt2..1O2 —
Stocktn Gas 6s 93% —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 67"i 68^1
Marln Cmintv. 50 —
Spring Valley. 94% 95
Gas & Electric
rent G A L Co — —
Cent L & P Co 4\i 5«
Bid.Ask.
Eqult G L Co. 3H Mi
, Mutual El Co. 9*i ]f> 7 i
. O G L & H... f>\, 50
• Pac (gas Imp.. 4*% 50H
i Pac L Co 44 —
Sac ElG&PCo. 25 —
S F G & E.... 52U —
ian Francisco. 5 5U
5tkn G & E Co 10 —
Insurance —
Firem's Fund. 223 230
Bank Stocks—
Anglc-Cal Ltd.- fiS 70
Bank of Cal.. — —
Cal S D & T..104H —
First Xationl.275 —
Lon P & A....134H —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
3 Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Banks —
Ger S £ L...1S30 —
Hum S & L.. — —
; Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
S F Sav U....505 —
Pav & L So... 74 7S
Sec Sav Bk — —
Union T Co — —
I Street Railroads-
California ....123 —
i Geary-st 50 —
Market-st .... 64 64*s
O S L & H — —
Presidio — 22^
Powder Stocks-
California ....155 162H
Giant Con Co. 8S 87H
1 Wlgortt 2M, ZH
Su~ar Stocks —
Hana S P Co. 7% —
i Haw C & S Co 87 —
Honokaa S Co. 30 30»i
Hutch S P Co. 25 25Vi
: Kilauea SP Co 19U. 20
Makawell S Co 41*t —
Onomea S Co. 26 27
Paauhau S Co 30^4 3UJ
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.llS —
. Cal Fruit Assn 97% —
Mer Ex Assn. 97 100
Oceanic S Co... — 93
Pac A F A.... 2 —
Pac C Bor Col50 —
1 Par Paint Co.. 12 —
Mornin; Session.
Board—
115 Contra Costa Water €7 80
10 Contra Costa "Water 67 62H
25 Contra Costa Water 87 75
100 Honokaa S Co 30 12H
10 Market Street Railway, cash 64 00
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 52 73
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 52 50
5 Spring Valley Water S4 75
$5000 S V 4 per cent bond3 (2d mortgage).102 75
Street—
$1000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1306).... 112 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Contra Ccsta Water 68 00
$1000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 106 50
100 Honokaa S Co 30 12%
10 Makawell 44 75
65 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 52 25
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 52 37}£
$2000 S P of A bonds 11150
15 Spring Valley Water 94 87Vj
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 San Joaquin Oil & Der, b 10 4 13
200 San Joaqutn Oil & Dev 4 33
Afternoon Session.
100 Yukon €0
10O Independence 14
Street —
5 Blue Goose 15 00
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
\ Morning Session.
E0 Con Cal & Va..l 10, 100 Savage 14
&10 Crown Point .. IS; 100 Sierra Nevada 33
500 Gould & Curry IS; 100 Silver Hill R9
300 Justice 07 1 100 Union Con "" 23
100 Overman .031
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 13 f 100 Savage .... 13
700 Challenge 23, 50 Standard .. "4 &)
100 Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 100 Standard "'4 E5
500 Con Imperial... 02 j 100 St Louis " ""14
100 Hale & Norcrss 24 200 Union Con' "l
400 Mexican 15! 300 Union Ccn ' 2a
500 Mexican 141 1C0 Yellow Jacket " 3O
10O Ophlr 63!
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
500 Alpha Con .... 0*1 500 Gould & Curry 16
MOAlta «H l&oo Justice ..... 0?
300 Best & Belcher 201 200 Ophir 70
Afternoon Session.
S00 Alpha Con .... OSi 200 Mexican 13
600 Alpha Con 07 1 300 Savage 11
COO Belcher 1S| 200 Sierra NeVada! W
100 Best & Belcher 19 1 200 Sierra Nevada 13
100 Ben & Belcher U 100 Silver Hill 53
300 Challenge Con.. ZV. 150 Standard "t v»
S0O Chollar 13! 20O Yellow Jacket" 30
! 200 Con Cal & Va..l SO! 700 Yellow Jacket".: W
1200 Gould &. Curry 16 1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Aug. 9—4 p. m.
¦ ., . Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 09 1 Justice «• m
Alta ;.. 0» W Kentuck 12 OS
Andes w 11, Lady Wash .... 02 —
Belcher 16 17iMexican It 15
Best & Belcher IS 20 Occidental 07 0i»
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr 67 «!>
Caledonia 71 73:Overman 09 10
Chollar 14 lb Potosl 13 1*
Challenge Con.. 23 24 Savage 13 14
Confidence 9ij 55 Scorpion 02 —
Con Ca! & Va.l 43 1 50 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 'sierra Nevada.. IS 33
Con New York. — 03) Silver 11111 .... 59 €0
Eureka Con ... — SOfSt Louis ...... — 1»
Crown Point .. 15 16jFtandard 4 43 4 5»
Exchequer «... — 03 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry 15 16iUnlon Ccn 20 22
Hale & Norcrss 23 24 Utah 08 10
Julia ............— Oil Yellow Jacket.. 23 23
Changes In local securities on the morning
session were a decline In Gas and Electric to
$52 50 and an advance in Contra Costa Water
to $67 75.
Business was dull in the afternoon, with few
changes.
The following local corporations will pay
monthly dividends to-day: Giant Powder Com
pany, 10 cents per share. $15,000; Pacific Gaa
Improvement Company, 35 cents per share.
$11,200; Paauhau Sugar Company, 30 cents per
share, J30.0C0.
CORN — Spot, firm: American mixed new. 3s
lid; old. 3a HV4d. Futures, quiet; September,
3s ll%d; October, 4s; November, 4s Vid.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western firm.
6s 3Vsd; No. 1 California, 6s 5d@6s 5^d. Fu
tures, quiet; September, 6s 2d; December, 6s 5d.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 9.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 3d(g6s 3V4d; wheat .in
P&rls, barely steady; flour In Paris, barely
steady; French country markets, firm; weather
In England, rainy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Aug. 9.— Consols. 97 11-16097 15-16;
silver, 28 l-16d; French . rentes, lOOf 25c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
standard California, 31s 3d: Walla Walla,
23s 6d; Oregon, SOs 6d; English country mar
kets, firm; imports of wheat into United King
dom. 2S2.000 qrs; do flour. 277,000 qrs.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Aug. 9.— The wheat market Is
still drifting along in a lifeless manner. Nom
inal export values are 54©55c fdr Walla Walla
and Valley and about 5Sc for Bluestem.
Cleared-Ship Rigel for Queenstown with 109,
916 bushels of wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 231,460 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 9.— Wheat, dull and un
changed. Bluestem, 59c; Club, 56c
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 9.— Clearings, $253.
081; balances, $45,392. ,
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Tho market for cot
ton futures was not active so far as openlnc
new accounts was concerned. After opening
steady at an advance of 8 points to a decline
of 1 point, the market gave way under local
pressure, supplemented by- Southern selling or
ders. The opening advance was lost before
noon. Again the market became firmer, prices
advanced S^U from the lowest on very active
demand. Stilt later prices broke 8Vi points. The
market was finally barely steady, with August
20 points higher and other months 3@4 points
higher.
New York Cotton Market.
SHEEP — Receipts, 11.000. Steady; lambs,
strong to 15c higher; good to choice wethers,
11 '.0&4 60; fair to choice mixed, $3 75<S4 25;
Western sheep. U 30©4 E0; Texas sheep, $3 75®
4 15; native lambs, $i 50«§5 C5; Western lambs,
$t 75©o 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 26,000: to-morrow,
1C.00O; left over, «000. Weak to 10c lower: top.
%o 47Vi; mixed and butchers, $5 15@5 45; good
to choice heavy, $5 lOiga 42VJ; rough heavy,
$» Sfcfio 05; light. $5 13@5 47Vi; bulk of sales,
$--> 20^5 35.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10.
6C0. Steers, steady to 10c lower; Western
rangers, steady; butchers' stock, steady to
slow. Natives— Best on sale, one carload at ?6;
good to prime steers, $5 5O@6; poor to medium,
$4 75@S 35: eelected feeders, J4@4 75; mixed
stockers. f3@3 75; cows, J2 3O@4 50; heifers. $2 90
©5; canners, $2 40<g2 75: bulls, $2 6O®4 50:
calves, Jo@G So. Texans— Receipts, 900; best
cn sale to-day, 15 carloads at $4 20; Texas fed
steers, steady, $4 33@5 20; Texas grass steers,
II 4C«ff4 35: bulls, »2 50@3 50.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Earl Fruit Company 6ales: Bartletts, 80c@
II 80 box. Peaches— Crawfords, 45'ft95c box;
Elbertas. 65SS5c; Susquehanna, 6O(?IS.",c; Fosters,
oj^ifoc. Grapes — Malagas, SKKi^Jc single crates.
Plums — Kelsey Japans, 95cliil 60 single crates;
Yellow Egg, 9ocf3tl 05. Prunes— Gros, 95cS
Jl 25 singfc crate; Silver, 85c@fl 15; Hungarians,
Socigjl 25;\Victorla, average fl 15.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9. — Porter Bros. Company
Bales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, 70c4f
U 75. Grapes— Malaga, 59(&S0c single crate;
Clusters. $1 55. Prunes— Gros. 90c!&U 10; Ital
ian. $1 40; Hungarian. $1 05. Plumsi — Coes
Golden Drops, $1 05; Yellow Egg, SOc; Satsuma,
MXcK-Oc; Norman, 65c.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Pears — Bart
letts, 60c®I2 per box and 65c@51 05 half box.
Grapes— Tokays, %l 4QCU 70 single crates; Mus
cats, 35360c; Malaga. 40®'75c; Clusters, $1 40.
Plums — Quackenbos, $1@1 05; Yellow Egg, 60
@65c; Wickson. 73c©31 25; Giant. $1 20; Splen
dor, $1@^1 05; other varieties, GO'ifTOc. Prunes—
Gros, n0CS150; Italian, $1 15: Tragedy, 85c@
$1 05; German, 80c. Peaches— Clings, $1 05@l 10;
Suaquehanna. 75c<S$l 10; Late Crawfords. 6o@
75c; Fosters. 80c; Mulr. 55c.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts. 81c@
$2 05 box. Peaches — Crawfords, average 35c
box; Elbertas, 7,5c@?l 15; Susquehannas, 70c4?
$1 10. Prunes— Ponds Seedlings, 90@93c single
crates; Tragedy. 75c@Jl 20; Gros. ?1 10@l 50.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Quotations were hardly
more than nominal in the stock market to-day. I
There was not a single feature of striking in- j
terest in the day's trading and the aggregate I
number of shares sold fell below 100,000 for the
first time In several years on a full trading
day. There was a disposition to disregard the
weakness reflected from London in spite of the !
fact tl'at >,aJes for London account ran up j
to S9.C00 shares, which is a large total com- .
pared with the recent average, but declines 1
which resulted here were hardly more than mo- '
mentary. The variation during the latter part \
or the day was scrcely appreciable in most of j
the stocks traded in and the average level of
prices show an insignificant change to-day. It
was noticeable, however, that In any Indi
vidual stock in which a large order was exe
cuted the resulting price movement was wide.
This was true of either a selling order or a
buying. Chicago and XGrihwestern, for which
there was a buying order for several thousand
Fhares. was a conspicuous example, running
up nearly 4 points. A number of lately dor
mant stocks ran off sharply on selling orders.
Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburg rose 4 points
on a single transaction. Realizing in Rubber
cost that stock 2 points. The decision reported
by the syndicate which underwrote the Ameri
can allotment of the new British exchequer
bonds not to ship gold on Saturday caused sur
prise, in view of the obvious fact that the
liank of Er.gland based its maintenance of its
existing disccunt rate on the expectation of
early receipts of gold from the United States.
The decline in sterling exchange, which fell |
back to $4 SS, took away the profit as to ex- |
ports. As to our own money market, the pay
ment by the banks to the sub-treasury for the
gold bars exported has wiped out their earlier
Eains from that institution and established a
loss of J2.3S5.O0O. The interior currency move
ment, however, continues largely in favor of
New York, ar.d with speculation practically
stagnant money fell to-day to 1 per cent.
There was nothing of importance in the bond
market. Total sales, par value. J705.CO0. United
States new 4's declined "•« In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold: Stock— Bid.
2.600 Atchlscn 26»i
3.S10 Atchison prefd 70V*
1.010 Baltimore & Ohio 74H
100 Canadian Pacific S6»i
SCO Canada Southern 4SV* !
3.000 Chesapeake & Ohio 27S I
Chicago Great Western 10*
2,l?0 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 126
Chicago, Ir.d & Louisville 21
ChlcaRo, Ir.d & Louisville prefd 51
Chicago £z. Eastern Illinois !»5
2.2W Chicago & Northwestern 160*i
I'*) Chicago. Rock Island <fe Pacific 106 |
265 C C C & St Louis 5S% j
Colorado Southern 6H i
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
L>e-la\vare & Hudson 112
Delaware, Lackawanna & Western. .176
100 Denver & Rio Grande 18%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd «4 |
Erie 10»«
Erie 1st prefd ?2
140 Great Northern prefd 152
H<xking Coal 134
Hocking Valley 33's
720 Illinois Central 16%
100 Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central prefd 43
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 15',£
330 Lake Erie & Western 2%
100 La ke Erie & Western prefd 94
Lcke Shore 209
1.-.70 Louisville & Nashville 71
150 Manhattan Elevated 90>4
300 Metropolitan Street Railway 153\
Mexican Central ll'-i
Minneapolis & Pt Louis 56
2"Q Minneapolis & Pt Louis prefd &3"*4
2.SIK) Missouri Pncific 51^, I
Mobile & Ohio 3S !
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 9^, j
100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 30 j
200 New J«rr*ey Central 129
S40 New York Central 12S s i I
£00 Norfolk & Western 33H 1
Norfolk & Western prefd 77 I
l.Ci70 Northern Pacific 57 T i j
740 Northern Pacific prefd 71»i I
1.100 Ontario & Western 20va
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
l,t40 Pennsylvania 128U
Reaiing l? 1^
200 Reading 1st prefd 5SV4
Roadlnsr 2d prefd 2S
100 Rio Grand Western 63
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Francisco Mi
St Louts & San Fran 1st prefd (-6
100 Pt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33"i
100 Pt Louis. Southwestern i'j"~i !
SCO Ft LouiR, Southwestern prefd 26%
1.250 St Paul 111%
St I'aul prefd 170
St Taul & Omaha luS
2.110 Southern Pacific r.3»i
3'rf) Southern Railway 10»i
1,570 Southern Railway prefd Bl*4j
Texas & Pacific 14»,
8.SS5 ITnlon Pacific M-.i I
342 Union Pacific prefd 7S'j, |
100 Wabash 0% j
Wabash prefd I'^i j
Wheeling & L E i>" 4
100 Wheeling & L E 2(1 prefd 23%
Wisconsin Central 13 |
Third Avenue 109
Express companies —
Auams 125
American 1^6
United States 43
Wcll.'-FarKO 123
Miscellaneous. —
* 175 American Cotton^ Oil 33%
American Cotton Oil nrefd sgife
American Maltln* .. .. k 4
340 American Malting prefd 20>i
'*<0 American Pmeltinc & Refln 36V«
1M American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 8S
American Spirits IV*
American Spirits prefd 17 :
American Steel Hoop 18V* :
American Steel Hoop prefd 66
1.C45 American Steel &. Wire 33^ ',
American Steel & Wire prefd 73^
000 American Tin Plate 23
American Tin Plate prefd 76
£00 American Tobacco 93H
...... American Tobacco prefd 12S
TV Anaconda Mining Co 43?*
4,f63 Brooklyn Rarid Transit o6»,»
Colorado Fuel & Iron 34*4
l.CCO Continental Tobacco 25?»
soo Continental Tobacco prefd 77(4
1.210 Federal Steel 33
100 Federal Steel prefd 60H
23) General Electric 131Vfc
Glucose Sugar MU
Glucose Sugar prefd :.... 69
100 International Paper >v 22*4
International Paper prefd 7. 65
Laclede Gas 73
135 National Biscuit 35-V
National Blwult prefd 8SV4
(l.'*l National Lead .* 18
l.ca National* Lead prefd 94*i
National Steel 24
National Steel rrefd 83U
10) New York Air Brake 13;
North American 15
Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Const 1st Drefd *5
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
C00 Pacific Mall 30^
?V> People's Gas 9g»T
100 Pressed Steel Car 40\I
f.17 Pressed Steel Car prefd 71V*
...:... Pullman Palace Car isa'
Standard Rope & Twine 5
16,920 Sugar 12'%
Sugar prefd !!'.116
ino Tennessee Coal & Iron 70
Ur.lted State* Leather 1044
United States leather prefd 6H t
L706 United States Rubber 274
United States Rubber prefd 92 -.
Western Union - . .. 7914
850 Republic Iron & Steel Co 10V*
200 Renubllc Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 51
-. P C C & £t Louis „.-. CO
90.200 Shares eold.
New York Stock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2 6 3
Closing 6 2 6 3
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 20 30 2165
Closing 20 30 2165
Flour-
Opening 2G 20 28 00
Closing - 26 35 2S 00
are reported from Wafhlngton.
The pressure has rls'-n along the Immediate
coast and tallen over the interior.
The temperature has risen over Washington.
Orejrcn and Idaho and fallen over Northern
Utah. . .
Condition* are favorable for fair weather in
California except partly cloudy or foggy along
th« immediate ooart in the morning.
Forecast maJe at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, August 10:
Nor;hern California— Fair Friday, except part
ly cloudy or foggy along the coast in the
jr.ornlnc; fresh southwest wind.
Southern Calif orr.U— Fair F*riday. except
cloudy along '.he coast In the morning; fresh
wert wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Friday.
i;t.«fc— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
fian Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy or
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern portion cf the Pacific Slope and clear
over the Bouthern. Scattering light thowers
FOP.ECAST
O2Cth MerMian-Paclfic Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Aug. S-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
Imported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka &''fLcs Anceles 75'
Fresno Vj Sacramento fc»
Mount ' Tamalpais... 70 Independence S2
Ile6 Bluff fcs s=an Dleso ; ts
Kan Luis OT4spo 72'
Frar.cifco data: Maximum temperature,
C5; minimum, 12; mean, 5C.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENEHAL.
Weather Report.
The fcllcrm-inx is a statement of the public
ieYx ar.d of the cash in the treasury of the
XTrited gtatee at the close of business July 31.
received yfsterday from Secretary Oagre: In
ter<>!=t-l»eartnsf debt, J1.C21. 125.160; debt on which
Interest has ceased since maturity, Jl, 176,310;
debt bcarinpr no interest, f2tS.8ft4.604; certificates
and treasury notes, offset by an equal amount
cf cash in th« treaeury. J724.271.179; asgreeate
of firbt. J2.im.S74, Ota. Compared with the state
ment irFued Juris 30 the figures show an In
crease of czr: iflcates and treasury notes
amounting to JSi27,(ihj. and a decrease In the
aj.-eregrate debt of I4.210.bS7. The cash in th
treasury nt the date mentioned was: Reserve
lund. R2Q.0OO.COB: trjyt fund, J72«,371,173; gen
eral fund. j:34.03S,307; in national loar.k dejK>»
ltories. j:«.5M.«SS; total. Jl. 1 1.014.184. The casn
balnnce In the treafiury. June 30. exclusive of
reserve an<! trurt funds, was $155,705,654. and
on July 21, (10.0.365; Bhowlng a decrease dur
ing the month cf f3.S46,28Ji.
Our Cash and Debts.
The coinage of the different United States
mints fr>r the first seven months cf the year
was as follow*:
Double eoeles ...J59.9f0.CS0 00
Eacies 3.749.110 00
Ha!f-eap!es 5,24\340 00
Quarter-eagles 67.7M 00
FiEndcni dollars 13.C5S.512 00
3Ialf-dc!lars 2.517.417 'W
Quarter-dollars 2,135.774 15
Uimes 1.315,87% 2)
Nickels 3I2.S44 75
Cents S32.53S C4
Total 0.57X99! *4
In 1S:<9 65.973,677:4
The National Coinage.
The following fisrur«>* ehow the amounts du«
the United States from the Pacific railroads
on account of bonds issued In aid of thesr
construction: Central Branch Union Pacific.
SS.747.S.-.S: Ploux City and Taclflc. M.194.169; to
tal. $7,M2.12 < !. The Government has been rc
lrr.burse.l for S27.23C.S12 principal, and $31,211.
711 interest, being the total indebtedness of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company to No
vember 1. lwC. and for the principal of th*
Ivr-r.Mts I'acific indebtedness, amounting to 16,-
ICI.^'O. The unpala balance of the total lr.
c*iitfdneKs at the Central Pacific and Western
Pacific Kailroad companies to the United
t"tat**s, uri<***r Fettlernent. afrre«?ment of Fct>
rucry 1, 1SS9. amounts to 544.109.536 and accrued
Interest, less transportation earnings.
For New Zealand— 1^6 cs canned goods. 150
cs dried fruit. 35 cs salmon. 10 cs millstuff«.
30 crs vegetables. W crs -nions, 25 cs dried flsh.
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
For Australia — 10Z ;krf salt fish. 5 cs Ealmor.,
19 cs canned soodf, ZZ:<* lbs coffee, 222 cs dried
fruit. 2011 crs mill work, CCS cs metal polish,
JU1 pes white pine.
In addition to carfi-o previously reported ths
>lam«><le. which failed Tuesday for Australia,
carrifJ merrhandise valued as follows: For
Aurtralia. J7C23; for New Zealar.d. tl2ZS; toU.1
value. |8S3. The additional manifest Included
the followir.p:
An Additional Manifest.
For Victoria — 4 Flalv antimony, 1976 crs build
ing material. 5 cs clocks, 12 cs chocolate. IS"
cf canned {roods, 10 tens chop feed. 26 cs
chocFe. 2' 1 . 043 Tts coffee. 13 cs dry goods. !4
cf drupp. 575 cs dried fruit, 100 cs evaporated
fruit, 45 cs ammunition, 24 cs groceries ani
provisions', 12 cs hardware, 6 cs hats. 17 bdls
Iron. 10 cs liquors, 11 cs leather. 33S9 pes lum
ber, 9 pkf« machinery. 237 fks malt. 16 c-s
raWstolfa, £4 cs metal polish, IS cs olives, 20
cs paints and oils, 4 cs oil, 275 cs paste. 3S
cs powder. 133 IT'S quicksilver, SI bis raisins.
JO bd!e epices. 40 pes forged steel, 400 t«aj?£
ehot, S25 belrF talt. SS.lbO lbs soda, 3i pkgs
eteel and iron. 5 bbls syrup. 5 cs scap. S-64
crs vegetables, £11 gals wine. 5 bbls resin,
103 bxs lemocs.
Fcr Sydney, Australia— 100 cs dried fruit,
The steamer Umatilia sailed yesterday for
Victoria, with a general cargo valued at
J1S.CCS. includir.fr the following:
Merchandise for Victoria.
For Central America— 90 pkgs beer. 3 cs boots
and fhocp. "j sks l.ran, f2 cs canned goods. »
coils cordage. 10 i e drupr. 23 cs fruit. 1656 j
! ; .- flour. 19 pkps groceries and provisions", j
12 cs hardwfire. 5 rolls leather, 4 pkfrs machin
ery. S cs c'.l, 140 crs onions?. t~ sks potatoes,
S "bxs ra^te, :?,4K0 Its rice, 10 cs ?oap. U cp
t-a'.rr.on. 3C Mj!f tallow. 6 rs turpfntin?. S bbl«
ter. 1031' irals nine. 4 cv varnish. In transit—
ll.'O His rice, 5 cs ohinanare: vaJue S220.
Fcr S-:uth America— 101 bbls dried fr'urimr^.
4 a medicine herb?.
Fcr Havre. France— 16 rkc» household poods, i
Por Slt-xi^o — - of oil. 10 sks potatoo?, 3 bbls
irla^swar*-. C pkgF pnex-eries and provisions. 9
cs hardware. 47(0 ft Iumb?r. 126 bells shocks.
Fcr New rork-7 ISO bbls oil. ris bbls a?j>hat
t'jm. "f'4.tf7 pa!s wine. 23 bbls shells, ]9o sks
b^ans. U rkgs household goods.
The eteamer Sr.n Bias sailed Tuesday fcr
New York via Panama, with a cargo of gen
eral merchan<IIs-<», manifested as follew?. For
Central America. IU.GSS; for Mexico, $367; for
pouth America. $2".O7: for Havre. J1CC0; for
New Yr.rk. J37.FS3; total value. J72.P«2. The
following; were the principal Fhipments:
The City of Eenares loads wheat or barley
fcr Europe. tQft, pricr to arrival: the Defender.
ir.erch£.r.dise fcr Kahului: the J. W. WenCt.
vheat for Europe, 39s Cd, prior to arrival;
the Omega, lumber at WlJlaps. Harbor for
Auttralia, COs, pricr to arrival.
Merchandise for Central America.
Charters.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlns tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tht
day in the crder of occurrence as to time. To*
second time column gives the second tide o.
the day. the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slim ( — > precedes the he!«ht.
r.nd then the number given Is subtracted from
th*> depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises ''2J
Sun sets ••••••••'^
Moon rises, full 0:0° P- CT :
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange as before.
J I 'heat rather higher. Barley rather easier.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Onions lower. Tomatoes declined. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter and Eggs firmer. Cheese about the same.
Poultry still in good supply, but less demoralized.
Good shipping demand for Peaches, Pears and Phims.
Dried Fruits in good demand, Apricots leading.
Prices for Prunes anxiously awaited.
Proz'isions dull and unchanged.
Meat market stands the same.
Increased coinage of the Mints.
Benzine marked dozvn.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14<gl8c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Nczv-York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— There was little
feature of Importance to the metal market to
day. Tin showed some steadiness in view of an
aivtnce of 6d abroad, closing steadier In tuna
for spot at 131 75@31 S3. The rest of the list,
however, remained about unchanged from the
previous day's closing. Lake copper clos*l
quiet at $16 50. Plglron warrants were weak
and nominally quoted at $11 tO. Lead was dull
at $4 25. and spelter dull at $4 17%@4 22%. The
brokers' price for lead was $4 and for copper
DRIED FRUIT. •».;-
LONDON. Aug. 9. — The market for evapor
ated apples continues quiet and without no
table changes. Jobbing demand was very light.
EVAPORATED APPLES— State common, 3$
5c: i>rlme. i\<S5YtC; choice. 5HQ6c; fancy, 6%
@7c.
California dried fruits continue dull and
nominal.
PRUNES— 3H@8c per 1b, as to 8lze and qual
ity.
APRICOTS— Royal. 11014c; Moorpark. lo<Zinc.~
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 Invoice, 9\Je.
Mild, quiet; Cordova, nominal. Futures closed
barely steady, 5 to 20 points lower. Total sales,
59,250 bags. Including: September, 7.95®8.00c;
October 7.85c; November, 7.93Ji8.10c: December,
S.00*TS.15c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4>4c bid;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 13-lSc bid; molasses su
gar, 4c bid; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Rpcipts, 373S packages: firm:
creamery, 17Q20c: current packed factory, 14@
13*ic.
EGGS— Receipts, 6S4 packages; steady; West
ern, at mark, ll#13c for average lots.
* — — *
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— FLOUR-^Receipts.
7443 barrels; exports, 5439 barrels; sales, 7320
pa-rkaees. Market, firm.
WHEAT— Receipts. 49,930; exports, 21,174;
sales. 2,730,000 futures, 40,000 spot. No. 2 rod.
S5%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
£3%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, S7%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options developed considerable
strength on an unexpected advance in English
markets, compiled with local covering and lib
eral acceptances of last night's offers. Specu
lative dullness in the afternoon brought reac
tions, but the market, nevertheless, closed
steady at a net advance. March, S5%@ v 86%c;
eloped, *5%c; September, SO lo-lBfJSl 5- 16c;
closed, SlHc; December, 83@S3V4c; closed, 83%c.
HOPS— Oulet
\Neiv York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. Aug. 9.— Atchison. 2'M; Canadian
Pacific, S3H: Union Pacific. 77Vi; Grand Trunk,
6%; Anaconda. 8%: Rand Mines, 39**. Bar sil
ver, steady, 2s 11-lCd per ounce; money, 3% per
cent.
CLOSING.
NEW" YORK, Aug. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The rr.arkei here to-day was weak, mainly on
account of the lack of business, the prospect of
dearer money at the approaching settlement
next Monday and the rather bad news from
South Africa. The new exchequer bonds fell to
% premium on the apprehension which is quite
general that successful bidders for these se
curities will unload at the first chance for a
fair rrcflt. American stocks were featureless
on an idle market. The bank bought i22,000
pold in bars. It raised the buying prices Id to
77s lOd on bars, %d to 76s 5d on eagles and %d
on all other foreign coirs.
The bank returns show that the reserve is
down to J17.S71.CC0, which is the lowest figure
reached since January. 1S94.. The bank, how
ever, is obtaining control of the money market
and will probably be able to replenish its re
sources.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9. — Money on call. easy, at
3®1U per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4?j5
per cent. Sterling exchange, easier, at $4 SS for
demand and at $4 S4\i for 60 days; posted rat«»s,
$4 8504 S3V- and $4 S3; commercial bills. $4 83%
(54 S4. Silver certificates. 61%'S'62V4c; bar silver,
Clc; Mexican dollars, 4S%c. Government bonds,
wr-ak; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
irregular.
Nczv York Money Market.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury of the general fund exclusive
of the $150. OOO.OfV) gold reserve in the division
of redemDtlon shows: Available cash balance,
$147,13,4S6; STOld, $72,431,403.
Condition of the Treasury.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— L'nion Pacific 53»4
Call loans 2«?3 jt.'nion Land 2
Time loans 334%jVVest End 92
Stocks — Westlngh Elec .... 43
A T & St Fe 26}; Wis Cent 13
Do prefd "OVi Bonds-*
Amer Sugar 122% Atchison 4s 93%
Do rrefd ..., 116 N' E Gas & Coke 5s 64»i
Bell Tel 142 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 247 Adventure 2%
Boston L 143^4 AUouez Min Co.... 1
BoFton & Maine. ...1SS% Amal Copper 8S
Chi Bur & Q 126Vi Atlantic 23
Dominion Coal 40 Boston & Mont 307%
Do rrefd 110 iButte & Boston 62
Federal Steel 32»i]Calumet &. Hecla..74i
Do rrefd CJH Centennial 17
Fitchburg prefd ...135% JFranklin 13%
Gen Electric 131 Humboldt 25
Do prefd 13H?s Osceola. 67
Ed Elec III 203 jParrott 40»'»
Mexican Central... ll%|Quincy 134%
Michigan Tel S5 j Santa Fe Copper.. 4Vs
N E Gas & Coke.. 14»i (Tamarack IPS
Old Colony 204 Utah Mining 29Vi
Old Dominion 1S% Wlnnna 3*4
Rubber 27 Wolverines 39ji
do os res 112& Or S IAne 63 125f*
do Es coup 112»tl do 0011 Ss 112V*
Dls of Col 3.Cos 122 :Readlng gen 4s t>7%
Atchlson gen 4s lOlH'.R G \V lats 9SU
do adj 4s S3VIH L & I M con 5s.llO«i
Can So 2ds 10S u ; t 1. <S- S F gen 6s. 122
Chcs & Ohio 4H;s... 9»4 Ht Paul cons 167
do Ds 11314 St P C & Pac lsts.117
C & X W con 7s. ..140 | do Es 11S%
do S F deb &s 122 1B0 Pac 4s 73
Chi Term 4s 92^; So Ry ha 1O9»4
Colo So 4s 82%|S Rope & T 63 C9
D & R G lsts 102 .Tex & Pac lsts....H2
do 4s »S' M I do 2d« 65
Kr!e sen 4s CSVjjUnlon Pac 4s 105H
Ft W & D Gty lsts 71 ¦* Wabash lsts llGVa
tlen Elec us 116Vs do 2ds 101
Iowa Cent lsts 113Vi West Shore 4s 111V4
IC C P & G lsts 69 IWis Cent lsts SSVa
u & Xash unl 4s SS^iVa cent S9»i
• MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 12|Ophir 65
Con Cal & Va 1 40 ! PJymouth 10
Oeadwood fiOiQuicksllver 1 EO
Gould & Curry.... 1? Do prefd 6 JO
Hale & Xorcross.. 2D Sierra Nevada .... 20
Homestako 50 03 Standard 4 10
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 19
Mexican • 13 Yellow Jacket 28
U S-ref 2a (when i&I K & T 2ds 6C',i
Issued) 103% I do 4s 91
do coup 103»4 : X y Cent lsts lOStf
do 2s reg ipo N J Cent sen 6s. ..122
do 3s 109 No Pac 3s 65^
do 3s coup 109 do 4s 104
do new 4a reg 132 N Y C & St L 4s..lO7^i
do coup 13; Norf & "W con 4s.. 91%
do old 4s reg 111^4 Or Nav lsts 1C9
do coup lHS-i do 4s 102>A
CLOSING BONDS
FRIDAY. AUGUST 10.
United States Coast and Geodetic S"^. 6 '"
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters jew"
the city front (Mls^ion-stn-et wharf) "d 0 " 1
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point.
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Stoi, Moon and Tide.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— "
"August 75% 73*i 73% 73%
September 76% 76% 73% 76'a
October 77^ - I'M 7C?i 77'
Corn No. 2—
August ............. 3S*4 38T4 SSy s 3S%
September 35% 3S*4 33 38%
October 37U SSVs 37& 38^
Oats No. 2—
August 21"^ 21% 21H 21*4
September 21% 22 V t 21% 22^i
October 22% 22V4 22 22Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Beptember 11 70 1175 11 67«,i 1175
October 1172^4 1180 11 72& 1180
Lard, per 100 lbs— '" ,
September 6 SO 6 80 6 75 6 r7v»
October 6 S'^ 6 S2^4 6 75 6 82%
January 6 67% 6 67% 6 65 6 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 v>y. 7 15 7 10 7 15
October 710" 7 15 7 03 7 10
January 6 05 6 10 6 03 6 10
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour. du'.I;
No. 3 spring: wheat, 7Cii:74e; No. 2 red, 77*i©
"S^c; No. 2 corn, yellow, 40c: No. 2 oats, 22^
22%c; No. 2 white, !4(&24>-'.c: No. 3 white. 23?* ff
24c: good feeding bnrley, 3"4%@35c; fair to choice
malting. 3C'a45c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 32; No. 1
Northwestern, Jl 32; prime timothy seed. $3 20
(g~3 25; mess pork, per barrel. $11 70@ll 73;
lard, per 100 pounds, $G 75@6 77 I ,4: short ribs
Fides (loose). $7 O5@7 35; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 6>4{I7c: short clear sides (boxed). $7 60
©"7 70; whisky, basis of high wines, $123%;
clover, contract grade. $S 40l
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 200,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 154,000 227,000
Corn, bushels 206,000 155.C00
Oats, bushels 397,000 188,000
Rye, bushels 9.0C0
Barley, bushels 22,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 15@20c; dairies, 14
@l"c; eggs, firm; fresh, 12c; cheese, firm; 9»i
@llc.
•x *
HIDES. AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under, quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9%c; medium^ SHc; light. 8Hc;..Cow
hldes.SHc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. Sc; 1 Calf, 9c;
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and- Hops
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrel*, S^c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
fc^jc; live tierces, 8%c per lb: '
. * LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per, lb for com
pound : and ¦ 9U<? : for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9V4c: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, lOHc. .
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 12%c for light, 13c
for extra light and 14>4c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Famii*', $14: extra Prime
Pork. I-.*; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50; Smoked
Beef, 12Hff 13c per lb. ¦; .
Provisions.
NUTS — Walnuts. 8@10c for Standards and 3
©lie for softshells; new Almonds. ll»^®l2V4c
for paper-shell, 9V4@10Hc for soft and 6@7c for
hardshell: Peanuts, 6@6%c for Eastern and
t.(g6c for California; Brazil Nuts. ll@12^c; Fil
berts. 12Q13c: Pecans. ll@13c:^ Cccoanuts. $3 50
©5. >
HONEY— Comb. 12@12«,ic for bright and 11®
HVic for light amber; water white, 7V4®7V.c;
light amber extracted, 6U@6?lc; dark. 5H&ec
per ib. ¦
BEESWAX— 24@26c r«r lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice, 9c: standard, Sc: prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8^4c; choice, 7^c; standard, 6Hc;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c: Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, 6c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5V4c:
3-crown, 6Vtc; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers, 2
crown. $150 per box: 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial, $3. All
prices f . o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6@
Sc for Royals and S^@10Uc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, irji ikv. sun-dried. 3®3V4C
Peaches. 5c for standard. 6c for choice and 7c
for fancy; Pears, 5©7Hc: Plums, pitted. 5®6c:
unpitted, l@l!ic; Nectarines. 4®3c for red and
6<(T6c for white.
Prices for Prunes are still anxiously awaited,
both by local and Eastern dealers, and the In
dications are for a lively business when they
are finally announced. The market shows no
change, Apricotn loading all other fruits in
firmness and activity, though all descriptions
are in good shape for sellers.
Melons continued weak, with liberal stocks.
Limes were firm at the quotation below.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— I
APPLES— 25<9 1 40c per box for common and
EOciffJl for good to choice; Crabapples, 20© 30c
per^mall box and 40@65c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 35<g75c in boxes and $13®
22 CO per ton in bulk.
PLUMS — 25Q40c per box and crate; in bulk,
$10(315 per ton; Prune*. 25@50c per crate; Egg
Plums. $10<?l5 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $394 50 per cheet for large
and $4Ji7 for small berries. .
RASPBERRIES— {7^9 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5@6c per lb.
FIGS— 40#50c for single and 75c@$l for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White, 35^50c per box; red,
35<?l63c.
PEACHES— 2O@60c per box and 25-350c per
basket; In bulk. $13^22 50 per ton for freestone
and $2Of?23 for clings.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau. 35<Jf5Cc per crate:
Muscats, 6Offi73c per crate; Seedless, 40<jJ75c per
crate; Sweetwater, 35(S50c; black, 5C@73c; To
kay. 50ft' 75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25<350e per case; Canta
loupes. SOc^Sl 23 per crate; Watermelons. $5@
$15 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencias, $2@3: Lem
ons fl 50@2 50 for common and $3@4 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $8; Bananas, $1 23
(S2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 5O@3 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There was a brisk Bhlppins demand for
Peache3, Pears and Plums, and prices were
rather higher in consequence. Figs were in
better supply and quiet.
Supplies of Grapes were free and the demand
was nothing extra.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There is wide divergence in the views of deal
ers as to prices for Cheese. The majority
quote as below, with a dull and well supplied
market, though the feeling seems to be stead
ier than it has been. Fancy brands, of course,
sell above the average quotations below.
Butter is firm, with sales above the top quo
tation. Stocks are now moderate.
Eggs have-acaln advanced and are firm.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24c; seconds,
23c
Dairy — Fancy, 22c; good to choice, 19©21c:
common, IS^ISc.
-Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled roll-20c.
Firkin— 1SS20C.
CHEESE— New. 9c. fancy brands higher: old.
SiSSHc; Young America, 10c; Eastern. 13Vi@
14c; Western, 10(gl2c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 10©19c for store and 21®
21c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14H@lSc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Doves, MSC5C per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 2i;@l 50; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare,
|1 25®1 50.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, |1 23;
Goslings, Jl 50-gl 73; Ducks, |3®4 for old and
$3® 4 for young; Hens, |3 50g5; Young Roost
ers, $4S5; Old Roosters. Jllf4 23; Fryers. $3@
3 r,0; Broilers. $2 5C@3 for large and $1 5(h©2
for small; Pigeons, $1 503 1 "3 per dozen for old
and Jl 25®1 50 for Squabs.
Two cars of Eastern came in.
The Poultry market is not quite as demoral
ized as it haa been, but the feeling is still
easy and there is plenty of stock on hand.
Game Is about as before quoted.
Poultrx and Game.
Potatoes are about as before. Onions con
tinue to decline. Tomatoes sold considerably
lower. Other quotations showed little disturb
ance.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: New Early
Rose, 25<g30c; Burbanks. 25@65c for Rivers and
C5@7oc per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, lU®l%c per
pound.
ONIONS — Yellow, 6C(g70c per ctl: Pickle
Onions. ti(8'75v.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. E0c@Jl per sack,
90c(g$l per crate for Berkeley and $1@1 50 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2g3c per lb; String
Beans, lVi*Q3c; Llmas, ; Cabbage, 40@:0c;
Tomatoes. River, 50f}75c: Bay, 75c<3$l: Kgg
Plant. 5*??73c per box; Green Okra, 33630c:
Green Peppers, 25©30c per box for Chili and 40
esOc lor Bell; Dried Peppers. 8@10c; Carrots, 25
@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 20@3Oc for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 20<iJ23c for Alameda; Pickles,
fl per ctl tor No. 1 and 30c for No. 2; Garlic. 2
©3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12>{J15 per ton.
The situation remains unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 75; Small White, $3 40
03 50; large White. $2 €0@2 75; Pink, J2S2 85;
Red, $3 23(03 EO: Elackeye, $3 50; Lima, $5 30@
5 40; Pea. nominal: Red Kidneys. $4®4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Muttard, 4c: Flax, $2®2 20; Canary, 314c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp. 4®4tfc; Timo
thy. 4®4V4c.
DRIED PEAS — Nlles, nominal; Green, $2 23©
2 50 per ctl: Blackeye. 12.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
The recent heavy receipts of Hay have so
filled up dealers that storage room is now hard
to find and the commission merchants are beg
ging the' farmers to cease shipping, but to lit
tle effect. It Is the impression, however, that
the market will do better before long. Prices
for everything remain unchanged.
BRAN— $12©12 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16@1D per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1G@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26<S27; Jobbing.
|27 50® 28; Cocoanut Cake, J20@21: Corn Meal.
$26 50; Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed, $13 £0<314.
HAY— Volunteer, $4 £0(26 50; Wheat, $10^12;
Wheat and Oat, $3 KOftll 50; Oats, $S<910; Clover,
$4S6; Alfalfa, Jtt®7 50; Barley, $6 50@S 50 per
ton. •
STRAW— 253*0c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 60@3 73.
usual termc; Bakers' Extras, $3 40JJ3 SO; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15(g3 SO for bakers" ; Eastern, $1 730
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73: Rye Meat, $2 50;
Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 75; extra cream
do }3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 5O@3 73:
Buckwheat Flour, $4i^4 25; Cracked Wheat.
$3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 23;
Rolled Oats (barrels). «'j??7 25; in sacka, jr. 73
@7: Pearl Barley. $3; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $3 10 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
, Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls. 79%c
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls, 79**c;
2CC0, TsUc.
. OATS— Continue inactive at unchanged prices.
White, $1 ltxgl 35; Surprise, $1 35<&1 40: Red.
$1 10@l 22',i: Gray. $1 10@l 20: Black, $1 C7»i@
1 22^ per ctt; off grades of all kinds. $1@1 07%.
CORN — There is nothing new to report.
Eastern. $1 13®1 17V4; California Large Yellow,
$1 17H@1'1S% -per ctl: White. $1 17&@1 li%;
Small Round Yellow, U 17'iSl 20.
RYE— 90@»3%c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
grades; iBrewing and shipping grades, SZMQ
87V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
The U tUne ball on the tower of the new Ferry
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich urn*
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. S. K.. M«- 3
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, cai..
dency. especially during the morning, heavy
receipts of hogs and lower yard prices having
a depressing effect. There was some recovery
from. the decline. The cash business continued
good. At the close September pork was 2V4c
lower; lard, 5c lower and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 9.
Flour, qr sks.... 16,189 Hay, tons 706
Wheat, ctls 605! Hops, bales 31
Barley, ctls 3.055! Eggs, doz 14.610
Oats, ctls 3,040, Wine, gals 22,900
Corn, ctls SOJLeather. rolls ... 78
Cheese, ctls 143 Suzar, sks 1,500
Butter, ctls WjSugar, bbls 27
Tallow, ctls 24f>Chtcory. bbls 50
Potatoe.3. sks ... 3.5471 Pelts, bdls 4.030
Onions, sks 69U Hides, No 430
Bran, sks 2)0 Quicksilver, flks. 93
Middlings, sks.... 400
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Qucntln Bags. $3 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5%'c: Wool Bags. HV.'BZZVac; Fleece
Twine. "Vic; Frutt Bags, 6H«6»ic for white and
8%<?8?;c fcr bleached Jute.
: COAL— Wellington. $9* per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6; Coos
Bay. $5 GO: Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Wall
send, {9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. S3 45
per 2CC0 lbs and $S CO per ton. according to
brand.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.20c; Powdered.
5.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c; Dry Granulated.
5.70c; Confectioners' A. 5.70c; Magnolia A,
5.30c; Extra C, 5.20c; Golden C, 5.10c: barrels,
10c more: half -barrels, 23c more; boxes, 50c
more; EO-lb bar*. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 73 barrels or its equivalent. 'Dom
lnos. half-barrels. 6.45c: boxes, 8.70c per lb.
BENZINE— Is lower at He per gallon in bulk
and 20c in coses.
(general Merchandise.
BEEF— 5S6C per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc: small. 9910c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®Sc; ewes, 7©7^c per
P °L\MB— Spring. SH©^ rw«" lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, *S6tic for small. l\tilS ! *c
for medium and 5HG5*«c for large: stock Hcgs
and feeders. 5>v35*c; dressed Hogs. SSS'ric.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Dry Hide*, sound. 15c; Dry Kip. 15c: Dry Calf.
15c' culls and brands. 12c: Sheepskins, Shear
lings *0®30c each: short Wool. 30®SOc each;
incdlum 60@S0c; long Wool. 90c©U 10 each;
Horse Hides salt. tZ&i 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium $1 for small and 50c for colt*: Horse
Hides dry SI £0 for large. $1 25 for medium.
11 for' small and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins—
cummer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium skins,
20c- winter or thin skins. We. Geatsklns-
Prt'me Aneoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
1 rendered. 4®4Hc per lb; No.
2 3Sl3Hc; grease. 2@2V4c
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15@16c: Northern, defective. 120
lie- Middle County, free. 14»16c; Middle Coun
ty defective. 12ffl4c: Southern Mountain. 12
months'. ll«312c; Southern Mountain, free, 1
months 10Jil2c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 month's 1 . $®nc; HumboSdt and ilendocino.
16(ffl7c- Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall CUD— San Joaquln. 8©10c; do Lambs'.
"HOPS— Old. nominal at 5@10c per lb; new,
ice i2c : : ¦-¦ ¦'- r '. i '*."'¦¦• ¦£
THE SAN EKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
foggy In the morning; fair during the day;
fresh southwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I P!er.
Empire (Coos Bay |Au?. 11. 6 pmjpier 13
Bonita ' Newport Au<. 11. 9amjP!erU
City PektnirlChliia&Japan Aug. 11. 1 prajPMSS
Orizaba ....|Humbo!dt Aug. 11. »pm',Pler i
State of CallPortland Ann. 11. 11 am!P!er H
Kureka IHumboIdt Aug. 13. 10 amjPler IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 13. J pmlPler 2
San Juan...!G?n. America. Aug. 13, lpinlPMSS
W. KniKer.jTillamook Aug. 13. |Pler t
City Pueblal Victoria Au<. 14. 11 ami Pier 9
North KorklHumboldt Aug. 14. 12 m Pier 3
Arcata [Coos Bay lAugr. 14, 12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay. .(Newport Aug. 15, 9 am Pier 11
Del Korte.. Portland Aug. IS
Columbia .. Portland Aug. 18, 11 am Pier 2*
Corona .... San Diego fAugr. 17. 11 amjPler U
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City at Puebla. (Victoria Aug. W
Point Arena.... (Point Arena _ Aug. 10
Eir.plrp Coos Bay Aug. 19
Santa Cruz .... Seattle Aug. It
Ar.ata Coos Bay Aug. 11
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. IX
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 11
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 11
North Fcrk Huraboldt Aug. U
Luella iTlllamoolc ... Aug. 12
Eureka (Humboldt Aug. 12
Washtenaw ITacoma Aug. 12
Darracouta Panama Aug. 13
Columbia Portland Aug. 13
Cocfi Bay Newport Aug. 1.1
W. H KrtJger.JSirt Pedro Aug. 13
San Mateo iNar.almo Aug. 13
Australia i Honolulu A>ig. 14
Pel Norte IPortland Aug. 14
Orizaba IHumboldt Aug. 14
Corona *San Dle=ro Aug. 1*.
Walla Walla ..IPuget Sound Aug. 1".
Crescent City ..(Crescent City An«. IS
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I P!er.
Empire (Coos Bay |Au?. 11. 6 pmjpier 13
Bonita ' Newport Au<. 11. 9amjP!erU
City PektnirlChliia&Japan Aug. 11. 1 prajPMSS
Orizaba ....|Humbo!dt Aug. 11. »pm',Pler i
State of CallPortland Ann. 11. 11 am!P!er H
Kureka IHumboIdt Aug. 13. 10 amjPler IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 13. J pmlPler 2
San Juan...!G?n. America. Aug. 13, lpinlPMSS
W. KniKer.jTillamook Aug. 13. |Pler t
City Pueblal Victoria Au<. 14. 11 ami Pier 9
North KorklHumboldt Aug. 14. 12 m Pier 3
Arcata [Coos Bay lAugr. 14, 12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay. .(Newport Aug. 15, 9 am Pier 11
Del Korte.. Portland Aug. IS
Columbia .. Portland Aug. 18, 11 am Pier 2*
Corona .... San Diego fAugr. 17. 11 amjPler U
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City at Puebla. (Victoria Aug. W
Point Arena.... (Point Arena _ Aug. 10
Eir.plrp Coos Bay Aug. 19
Santa Cruz .... Seattle Aug. It
Ar.ata Coos Bay Aug. 11
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. IX
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 11
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 11
North Fcrk Huraboldt Aug. U
Luella iTlllamoolc ... Aug. 12
Eureka (Humboldt Aug. 12
Washtenaw ITacoma Aug. 12
Darracouta Panama Aug. 13
Columbia Portland Aug. 13
Cocfi Bay Newport Aug. 1.1
W. H KrtJger.JSirt Pedro Aug. 13
San Mateo iNar.almo Aug. 13
Australia i Honolulu A>ig. 14
Pel Norte IPortland Aug. 14
Orizaba IHumboldt Aug. 14
Corona *San Dle=ro Aug. 1*.
Walla Walla ..IPuget Sound Aug. 1".
Crescent City ..(Crescent City An«. ISLOS ANGELES JOBBERS
LOST THEIR FIGHT
The committee of Los Angeles Jobbers
¦who came to this city for the purpose of
obtaining concessions in freight rates in
the lower San Joaquin Valley left for
their southern homes last night. Among
those who represented the merchants of
the southern metropolis were Thomas
Xewmark. F. W. Braun, J. O. Keefe and
w. c. Reynolds. While there was no
general conference yesterday between the
merchants, and the railroad people, the
jobbers were given to understand that
their claims were not considered of suf
ficient importance to warrant any change
in the tariff to the advantage of Los An
geles. The problem is an old one and it
is belieVed that it will not be brought
up for consideration again for a long
time to come.
MBS. VOORMAH INSANE.
Has Been a Paid Patient at Stockton
for Many Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Aug. 9.— The. widow of tho
late capitalist, Henry Voorman, is an in
mate of the asylum here. Mrs. Voorman
had been a paid charge in the Stockton
Asylum for the Insane for some fifteen
years now. She Is a woman past 50. Dur
ing the time she has been here it is said
that the visits of the husband to the wifo
have been very few. Of late years she
has not been visited by him at all. But in
his stead, apparently, there came a wo
man, a Mrs. Ij. G. Beckford. whose'visita
were seeminsrly much appreciated by Mrs.
Voorman. Mrs. Beckford was apparently
very attentive ta Mrs. Voorman while
here. She brought her little delicacies,
not because Mrs. Voorman could not have
them but because of her attention to the
unfortunate woman.
As a paid ward here Mrs. Voorman has
had good attention. The money for her
care came from the children, it is said, or
Voorman may have paid it. She did not
want for anything, and once a month a
carriage was provided in which, with tho
nurse attendant, she was driven about the
city.
erty In bond qualifications must be In the
city and county of San Francisco, hence
the bench warrants. Attorney Collins will
test the matter in the higher courts on
the ground that the charter conflicts with
?he constitution of the -State.
members wiH be recruited from every
studio and band in the city.
Miss- Wilzinskl is a strikingly beautiful
brunette, and since her debut has been
.very popular in local and Vallejo society.
She is the daughter of Mr! and Mrs. Abra
ham Wilzinskl.
Mr. Bmck is one of the ¦well known fig
ures of the local musical world, and his
hosts of friends will all be glad to con
gratulate him on his good fortune.
After the ceremony the young couple
will tour the south, and on their return
will take up their residence In San Fran
cisco.
LEO BRUCK, the popular musician.
Is to wed Miss Frances "Wilzlnski.
one of the beauties of Vallejo's
swell , set.
On Sunday next the friends of the young
couple will gathe*r at the "Poodle Dcg"
and wish the bride and groom to be hap
piness. The wedrtJnjf will take place In
the restaurant, and after the knot has
been tied a sumptuous spread will be
served to those present.
Mr. Bruck's musical friends have
planned to provide a unique feature In the
shape of a mammoth orchestra, whose
LEO BRTTCK AND HIS FIANCEE, MISS WTXZINSKI.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Aug. 9.
Dying on her bed frcm a stroke of
paralysis, Mrs. Catherine Lambert disin
herited her sister. Annie Quinlan. who lay
at the veree of death not two blocks
away.
On June 12, 1S99. Mrs. Lambert mnd.-» a
will boQueathins the bulk of her property
to Mrs. Quinlan. with minor bequests to
Mra. Catherine Walsh and her daughters.
Mrs. Annie Robinson and the Rev. J. C
McNally of St. Patrick's Parish. Las:
Monday, while at the house of her sister.
Mrs. Lambert was taken 111.
"My daughter brought her here In a car
riage," said Mra. Walsh, "and when we
realized the seriousness of her condition
we sent for a physician. When Mrs.
Lambert discovered that she was about to
die she asked us to send for her lawyer,
B. McFadden. On his arrival she told him
to change her will, as her sister wouM
soon die and then her property would go
to her sister's hushand. James Quinlan.
for whom she has no use."
The death-bed will gives the hulk of tho
$2000 property to Mrs. Catherine Walsh
and increases the bequests to her daugh
ters Mary and Nellie, to $100 each.
Within a few minutes after making her
mark to the codicil Mrs. Lambert died.
Mrs. Quinlan is not expected to live more
than a few days.
Attorney ilcFadden declares that the
amended will is perfectly regular, the
testator heinp In her richt mind and un
influenced. James Quinlan. husband of
the disinherited woman, states that he
will contest the codicil on the ground of
undue Influence. Quinlan Is a sewer con
tractor. He lives at 1420 Eleventh street.
The will, was offered to-day for probate
by Attorney McFadden. All of the parties
concerned are old residents of West Oak
land.
Husband of Annie Quinlan, the Rela
tive Who Is Cut Off, Charges
That Undue Influence
"Was Used.
Catherine Lambert Alters
Her Will While on Her
Death Bed.
DYING SISTER
DISINHERITED AT
LAST MINUTE
POPULAR MUSICIAN WILL
WED A VALLEJO BELLE
Manley Richardson Dead.
OAKI.AXD, Aug. 9.— Manley B. Rich
ardson, ft well-known contractor of FruJt
vaie. died to-day of apoplexy at his home
on Short rtrcet. The funeral will take
plaee to-morrow. The Interment will be at
ilount, OUvet Cemetery, San Francisco.
COLONY FOR WORKMEN.
BERLTN, Aug. 9.— The Hamburg-Amer
ican Steamship Company, under agree
ment with the Hamburg Senate, Is creat
ing a large colony for workmen and erect
ing buildings at Cuxhaven, while the Sen
ate is constructing Immense new 'docks
for the line there. The total expense will
be about 3,000.000 marks. When. the work
is completed the company's steamers will
all depart from and arrive at Cuxhaven. ¦
Bonds Are Not Legal.
Judge Cabaniss yesterday issued bench
warrants for the arrest of ;W. D. Valen
tine, M. Burke, H.Muller and A. Prltch
ard, who were convicted and sentenced
for; conducting a "tape" game at 43 Elite
street, and gave notice of. appeal. - Their
bonds were tlxed at $500 each, which were
accepted by the Judge. One of the sure
ties was valentine's wife, who qualified
on. 160 acres of -"land in Santa Clara
County. Bond Clerk Greeley notified the
Judse that according to the charter proj?-
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— Deprived of mor
phine and suffering from lack of the drug,
Thomas Arnold made two attempts to
commit suicide to-day at the City Prison.
The desperate "fiend" first cut his arm
with a suspender buckle and tried* to
bleed to death. This was unsuccessful
because the prison trusties called for as
sistance. A few hours later 'Arnold made
a second attempt by hacking at an artery
with a; jagged piece of window. glass. The
police called > Dr. : J. H. Todd, who stayed
the hemorrhage. and saved Arnold's l'ife.
The prisoner was under arrest , for creat
ing a wild disturbance on Lower'Broad
way Tuesday evening. .
OPENED AN ARTERY
TO END HIS LIFE
CANAL COMPANY NOT
GRANTED TIME EXTENSION
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, Aug. 9.— Tho
representatives of the Interoceanlc Canal
Company have been unsuccessful in their
efforts to get an extension of time for
depositing with the Government of Nica
ragua $400,000 In gold and beginning the
construction of a railroad and' canal
across the country.
CHURUBUSCO. Ind., Auff. 9.— Durine a fit
of temporary. Insanity. Sol n<»ar. who was ly-
Jnir at the point of death from Illness, sprang
from hie bed to-day, seized a Bhotgrun and kill
ed bis eon Isaac, who wu attending him.
Eight Hours and No More.
Backed by twr-nty-six delegates, speak
ing for an <>qual number of unions with an
aggregation of 8000 workmen, the flat has
gone forth from the Building Trades
Council that eight hours shall constitute
a day's work. Their rules will be ap
plied to all lumber mills on this coast on
and after next Monday. Mill-owners have
been notified to this effect, as have also
all contractors, and the man or men who
may insist in working their mlllhands for
a long.T period will find the lumber cut
or dressed j n puch mill without labor to
jiiare it in buildings. The eight-hour day
Is all that Is demanded by the unions.
There is no attempt to be made to in
crease the wage* that are at present be
ing paid to the millhands. The wages at
present averages $2 75 a day. Under the
nine hours a day work It averaged more,
but th«» m*-n are patlsfled to go along on
the present schedule with the positive un
derstanding that no man shall be apked
or compelled to work for a longer period,
¦whether the mill-owners pay by the day
or by tnehour.
Mrs. F. Bolger of 27 Capp street Is In a
critical condition as the result of poison
contained in some crab salad she ato last
Sunday night.
At supper the salad was partaken of by
the several members of the family. None,
however, but Mrs. Uolger felt any 111 ef
fects from It.
Oi/ Monday morning Mrs. Bolger was
taken HI. and Dr. de Vecchi. who was
summoned, pronounced her mala.ly the ef
fect of- the salad. The physician think3
that Mrs. Bolser will recover.
PTOMAINES LURKED
IN THE CRAB SALAD
OAKLAND. Aug.. 9.— Alfred Smith, a
Haywards bakery-keeper, was granted a
divorce to-day from Emma J. Smith.
Smith told Judge Ellsworth that he was
married at Santa Rosa in 1S94, and soon
afterward took up his residence with his
wife at Haywards. The complainant de
clared that he soon found out there was
no pleasing Mrs. Smith, while that lady,
after three years of marital life, an
nounced her intention cf returning to her
relatives in the East.
Smith was pieased with this arrange
ment . until he discovered after her de
parture that she had taken, % not only her
personal belongings, but all the movable
articles in the house as well.
After listening to bis testimony Judge
Ellsworth gave Mr. Smith his freedom.
TOOK THE HOUSEHOLD
GOODS AND DEPARTED
A rousing testimonial was given last
evening at Native Sons Hall to Frank
licGIynn by his many friends, a large
au-lience gathered to listen to a most at
tractive programme, in which the follow
ing artists took part: George V. Wood,
bass polo; Miss Helen Merrill and Mr!
McGlynn in a domestic sketch, entitled
"Drifted Apart": Miss Grace Shain!
rr.ezzo-poprano solo; George Hammer-
Fmlth. humorous selections; George p.
\V>bMer. recitation; William J. Hynes.
humorous selection*; a dramatic charac
ler pketch. with Miss Shain. George D.
I.fcQuarrle and Mr. McGlynn, and or
pbestrml selections. James A. Emery in
troduced the affair in a happy little
tpeech. •
The testimonial was a financial and ar
tistic puccr.}:?. and win be a pleasant re
membrance to Mr. McGlynn.
TESTIMONIAL TO
FRANK M'GLYNN
PREPARING FOR A
MIDSUMMER REUNION
There will be a midsummer reunion of
the congregation and Sunday-school of
the Simpson Methodist Episcopal Church,
corner of Hayes and Buchanan streets,
after the vacation of Pastor John Steph
ens has come to an end, which will be in
about two weekB. C. B. Perkins will pre
pide over the reunion and the choir will be
under the direction of Professor Blake.
The committee of arrangements consists
of Mrs. Cora Delano, Miss Laura Gilll
land. Miss Laura William3. Miss E. O.
Rollins. Mrs. John Stephens. Miss Lut
trell. Mis»s T. A. Mathl?on. J. B. Robin
son. E. W. Strange and Miss Mabel Wil
liams.
The two Great Councils of the Improved
Order of Red Men were busy yesterday
in the consideration of reports and pass
ing upon the laws of the order.
The' two additional representatives to
the Great Council of the United States
elected by the Red Men are Fred Brandt
of this city and Josiah Sims of Nevada
City The great trustees chosen are all
from this city. They are Edward Connel
ly B F Josselyn and Henry A. Chase. "
In the Great Council of the Degree of
Pocahontaa Great Sachem Wilson gave
the representatives some desired expla
nations of the application of the laws
to certain- facts. The greater portion of
the day was taken up in the exemplifica
tion of. the ritualistic and secret work for
the benefit of representatives that there
might be uniformity In the work in all
councils.
Both councils will be In session to-day.
RENOUNCES SILVER AND
JOINS M'KINLEY FORCES
ST PAUL. Aug. 9.— A Butte (Mont.)
special to the Pioneer Press says: Ex-
Senator Lee Mantle, chairman of the Sli
ver Republicans, has written a letter for
mally renouncing his allegiance to tnat
party and going back to the Republican
party. Mr. Mantle says in effect that the
silver question , is dead , ami It has
been practically abandoned b^Mhe Demo
crats and even by the delegates from Mon
tana to the national convention, where the
delegates from this State and the com
mlttee on resolutions refused to- vote on
the 16 to 1 question.
"To my mind, the paramount issue to
day is the issue of maintaining the honor
and dignity of the nation and the su
premacy of its flag wherever it is right
fullv floating. It is the issue whether we
shall preserve the fruits of all the blood
and treasure expended and all the splen
uld courage and patriotism exhibited in
the cause of humanity and in the deTense
of undeniable rights, or whether we shall
resolutely discharge the great obligations
which have devolved upon us or whether
we will abandon our advanced position,
throw down our arms, cravenly hoist the
white flag and admit to the world that we
are incapable of solving the problems
which confront us." '¦".¦-:_"
RED MEN PASS A BUSY
DAY IN GRAND SESSION
ADAME SCALCHI, the famous
I I 1 Italian contralto, is the latest con-
I I 1 ccrt artlRt t0 take to the vaude-
I I ville etage. She will appear at the
" * Orpheum some time during the
present month, and the enterpris
ing management is to be congratulated on
the engagement. Scalchi's voice on the
occasion of her last visit here with Mme.
Nordlca and Barron Berthald, some four
or five years ago, showed no signs of
wear, and it Is to be hoped that the mag
nificent contralto that has delighted so
many thousands still retains its strength
and richness of quality.
Miss Jessie Padgham, whose successful
debut at the Orpheum was made a few
short weeks ago, has had some flattering
offers from managers since then. Among
those managerially interested In the
charming soprano is Phil Ryley of the
Dunne and Ryley company, now playing
at the California Theater, but MIsb
Padgham's certainly bright future Is as
yet undecided. She adds one more to the
long list of notable singers bred and born
in California.
Selma Kronold, the dramatic soprano
who made su^h a hit In "Gioconda" last
year during the grand opera season at
the Tlvoll Opera-houso with Albert Guille,
the popular little French tenor of Tav
/iry days, was recently arrested with a
niu'mber of others at Atlantic City for vio
lating the local Sabbath ordinance by
Blnglng secular songs on Sunday.
The Dramatic Mirror In commenting
upon the occurrence says that popular
sympathy la entirely with the offenders;
that other resorts besides the Auditorium
Pier, where the concert was held, were
giving equally unsanctifled fare, and that
"unfair discrimination had been shown."
The Fingers were each held in $3 bail.
The lmident inevitably suggests compar
ison?: What augmentation of the police
force would be required in San Francisco
to raid the resorts whose Sunday evening
repertoire is unconflned to Gregorian
chants and gospel hymns?
Mr. George M. Schutz the barytone, is
on a visit here and will give a song re
cital at Sherman & Clay's Hall In the
near future. It is possible that Mr. Schutz
may decide to make his home in this
city. He will at any rate not return to
Washington for some months.
A grand tour of the United States by
Edouard Straups and his great orchestra
Is announced by Manager Aronson. The
great band will appear in this city in
January next, and over a hundred towns
and cities will be visited during the tour.
Among the interesting features of the
programmes will be selections from the
operas and dance music < of the ' great
"waltz king." Johann Strauss, and also
new compositions by American composers.
Property of the Famous Publishing
Firm Sold for $1, 100,000 to
Alexander E. Orr.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— The Harper
Hros." building fit Pearl and Cliff streets,
together with all printing presses and
other apparatus and with all rights to
publish the Harper periodicals, were sold
at the New York Real Kstate Kxchange
to-day for $1,100,000 to Alexander B. Orr,
chairman of the reorganization committee
for the publisning houpe. The property
and business were sold by Bryan L. Ken
nelly on a foreclosure sale on a mortgage
held by the Morton Trust Company. The
right to use the name of Harper & Bros,
is included in the sale.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
MORTGAGE ON HARPER
& BROTHERS FORECLOSED
Fractured Her Skull by a Fall "Upon
the Hard Macadam
Pavement. '
ALAMKDA. AMg. 9.— In her haste to
catch a San Francisco-bound narrow
gauge train shortly after Ihe noon hour
yesterday Mme. Eugenie I-nnere. an aged
French lady, accepted the invitation of
a friend to ride in her carriage. The ex
ertion of running before" the carriage had
caught up to her had made Mme. Lango
somewhat faint. Instead of Fitting down
In the rear peat after she had bern as
sisted into the vehicle, she preferred to
stand with her hands grasping ifie back
of the forward peat. Suddenly she gave
a cry and fell backward. Before the
horses could be brought to a standstill
the unfortunate woman v was jostled out
upon the hard madacam on Central
avenue near Denton street. She fell upon
her head.
When willing hands came to her assist
ance Mme. Lange was found in. an uncon
scious condition. As tenderly as possible
she was carried to her home at 1732 Ala
meda avenue. Dr. Kate P. Van Ordcn was
pummoned to attend the injured woman.
She discovered a fracture of the skull
at the base of the brain. At 7 o'clock last
night Mme. Lange died without having
regained consciousness. •* fcV;*y»
Mme Lange has made her home with
her brother. L. J. Selller, the well-known
mining expert, for four years past. She
could not converse in English. She Is
reputed to have been a woman of means.
Her age was 79 years and her nativity
France. . ;'¦
CARRIAGE RIDE BROUGHT
DEATH TO AGED WOMAN
Black Soldiers Stood in Banks in
Church and Sang "John
Brown's Body."
Two hundred black horoes. members nf
the Ninth United States Cavalry, stood
In ranks in the Starr King A. M. E. Zion
Church lflPt evening and sang lustily.
"John Brown's Body." A majority were
privates, but Commissary Sergeant Wash
ington. Fcrgr-ant Major Myers. Quarter
master Sergeant Toler. Sergeant Charles
Miller. ffTgeant John D. Miller. Corporal
Littlfjohn. Corporal Jackson, First Ser
txmxtt Washington and First Sergeant
Pane wcr*- in the ranks.
The occasion of the gathering was a
reception tendered by the congregation of
the church.
The oommittee of reception ronsisted of
Rev. T. Rrrrsvn. J. A. Hackett. George
Norton. D. Cooper. G. V. Campbell. Mrs
I*. Anderson. George W. Clark, George
Dennis ?r.. John L. Clayton. Miss Vivian
Bttnmona. Mi5« Myra Simmons. Mr* Tins
i< y. Mr?. Eraktoe. Mrs. Julia Harris. Misa
Pauline Bryant. J. H. White. Mrs. Mary
Dtttler. II. P. Keeling. Major Penney. Mr.
Colesnan. C H. Tinsley and J. V. Camp
bell.
An interesting programme of exercises
«raa FuppliM. W. H. Dennis Jr. presided
and mane a pleasing address in which h«
alluded to the patriotism and courage of
the heroes c f San Juan Hill. Rev. H.
Savons also made an address. Louis Jack-
EOn Fang. Mrs. M. I* Iieanston read a
paper. Charles U. Campbell and Henrv
Randolph furnished a mandolin duet G
H. TinFley recited and Samuel Sullivan
c-xhIMtt-d panoramic war pcenes with the
air' erf a lantern. After that the Foldlers
were served with refreshments. The
church was decorated with flag3. The
Epteches and song? were patriotic.
HEROES OF ?*N JUAN
HILL WERE RECEIVED
Found Dead in Bed.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9. — Cyrus Palm, a
p!one*r resident of Oakland, was found
rlep.d ;n bed this morning at his home. 253
Fourth Ftreet. He was 72 years old and
had resided in this city for thirty years.
Six !3lGEt!is for Lottery Player.
OAKLAND. Aug. <¦>.— Six months' im
rri*or.ment in the City Prison was the
•sentence imposed by Police Judge Smith
to-dny ;ip<->n Yap Yam. a lottery dealer,
caught by Policemen Tobln* and Brown.
£7he &atfs Pead
C. C. Bowen.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 9.— C. C. Bowen
of tho D. M. Ferry Seed Company, who
died in Detroit to-day, had heavy Inter
ests and was very well known in Arizona,
and particularly in Fhoenix. He was sec
retary and treasurer of the Santa *e.
Prescott and Phcenlx Railroad Company.
He held the controlling interest In the
Consolidated CanaJ Company and owned
much land along that canal. He also
owned a large lot of stock in the Phoenix
National and*Prescott National banks, be
sides other Interests of greater or less im
portance.
Mrs. Charles G. Holdridge.
Catherine Farrell.
FRESNO, Aug. 9.— News was received
of the death this morning of Mrs. Charles
G. Holdridge. -wife of the foreman of the
yard of the Fresno Flume nnd Irrigation
Company at Shaver, sixty-live miles in
the mountains. She fell on SlonAay atter
noon into a deep gorge some 300 feet Jrom
the tlume footpath. She was unconscious
until death. Death was from a fracture
of the skull at the base of thcjjraln.
PETAIATMA, Aug. Far
rcll. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Far
rell, died at her home in this city at an
early hour Wednesday morning. De
ceased was 19 years of age.
Suicide of a Pioneer.
LATTONVIL.LE. Aug. 9.— Andrew At
kinson, a well-known pioneer, committed
suicide this morning by blowing out his
brains with a shotgun. He had been suf
fering for a year from an incurable can
cer of the throat. The famous Mendocmo
County mud baths were located on his
property and his estate is considered as
very valuable. One daughter survives
him.
Hunter Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SISSON. Aug. 0. — An accident by which
Nicholas Kohn, proprietor of the Moun
tain House, six miles east of here, lost his
life occurred yesterday. He. was hunting
at Fox Mountain, about forty miles from
here in company with Terry Lee, a drug
gist 'of this place. By some means not
known his gun was accidentally dis
charged and he was shot through the
head. He leaves a large family.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9.— Edward Belle-
Oudry, the well-known photo
grapher, and Mrs. Florence Mignon
Belle-Oudry. his bride of a few
months, have separated. Mrs. Bellc-
Oudry Is at the home of her mother. Mrs.
Davis, and the following notice appears
in a local paper:
VOTICE— Ml persons are hereby cautioned not
to elv* credit or trust anyone whomsoever on
account of F.I. Itelle-Oudry. .photographer.
Any indebteJncrs itKurre.1 1 without an i or<W
will not be recocnized. EDWARD BELLE
OUDRY.
According to both parties their few
months of married life were not so happy
as they might have been, and there were
frequent quarrels in which blows were
given and taken on each side. The final
dispute occurred on Sunday night when
the young wife asked the protection of
the police from the alleged brutal conduct
of her husband. With the coming of the
<:awn on Monday morning Mrs. Bell--
Oudry hurriedly packed her personal et
fects nnd while her husband slept she
stole away to her mother's home.
Mrs Belle-Oudry, who Is a petite blonde
snd well known as a vocalist, has con
fided in a number of her friends. To them
she tells a long s=tory of cruelty at the
hands of her husband, which culminated,
she F3vs. late last Sunday nighl when
he returned from San Francisco In a
state of intoxication and slapned her
fnce. To this, she says, she demurred
and left him.
The husband's story is different from
that of the young wife in that he claims
to have been the victim for months of
his wife's fists, and, when these did not
s<rve, of shoe brushes and other weapons
with which she belabored him about tha
head and body. This is his story:
"There is no truth whatever in th?.
statement that my wife required the ser
vices of a policeman last Sunday night.
The truth of the matter is that for some
time past she has abused me. Whenever
the whim struck her she would either slap
me or punch me In the face. Her on
slnlights were met with patience by me
until I could stand them no longer and
I told her that if she hit me again I
would certainly strike back. When she
slapped me the next time I returned the
blow. At times I have carried several
bruises as the result of beatings from
a heavy shoe brush. On one occasion she
ust-d a pair of heavy shoes.
•¦I^a.st Saturday my wife remained away
from home all day. As I needed her ser
vices at the gallery I was angry on her
return. The next day I made up my mind
to go to San Francisco and get good and
drtjnk. I really drank but little, but when
I returned, about midnight, I pretended to
he intoxicated. While asleep, several
hours later, my wife went after a police
man. When I awoke the next morning
my wife had gone.
"I have notified tradesmen not to trust
my wife for any goods In my name be
cause I fear she might bankrupt me.
During the time she was cashier at my
eallery she would appropriate sometimes
, as much as $30 a week."
Xelther of the parties will admit the
possibility of divorce proceedings. The
couple, were married last January. Before
her marriage Mrs. Relle-Oudry was Miss
Florence Mignon Davis.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— The hot wave
that arrived here several days ago con
tinued to-day, and the local forecaster'
gives no promise of early relief. At 5
o'clock this afternoon the temperature
had reached 93, 2"degrees higher than ever
before recorded here on this date. At 8
o'clock this morning 76 degrees was reach
ed. At 10 o'clock the thermometer regis
tered 10 degrees higher, but the humidity,
which had been very high early in the
morning, had dropped to 57 per cent.
From 1 o'clock until 5 the temperature
steadily rose to 93 degrees. On the street
it was 5 to 10 degrees hotter. From 3
o'clock the temperature diminished and at
10 p. m. was down at S4.
There were but few prostrations during
the day and only one death was reportect.
CHICAGO, Aug. S. — Hot weather records
for this city were broken to-day and will
be broken again on Friday and again on
Saturday, and probably for several more
days after that. The local forecaster will
not hazard a. guess of the. next three da.ys.
all of which he says will be of the samo
torrid nature as the last six days, and
he has fears of the weather in the more
distant future.
For twenty-five years, or since the
Weather Bureau was established, there
has been but one term of hot weather in
which the mercury reached 90 for live con
secutive days. The average maximum
temperature for those live days was 92.
There have now been six days on which
the temperature has gone above 5)0, and
the average maximum for the past six
days has been 93. To-day was the hottest
of the present spell, the mercury reaching
95 in the Auditorium tower at 3 o'clock.
On the street it was 2 degrees warmer
than in the tower.
The prolonged heat is having a serious
effect on business. All of those who can
leave the city for points ajong the lake
shore and the woods are going, and many
have materially curtailed their hours of
labor. . •
Gangs of laborers all over the city laid
off during the afternoon. There were four
deaths due to the heat and twenty-nine
prostrations, three of which are expected
to prove fatal.
The four deaths to-day makcv a total of
seventeen due directly to the heat. It is
estimated that over 100 deaths of people
already ill have been hastened by th«
weather of this week.
For the week the mortality list has been
mounting with "great rapidity, the in
crease being attributed entirely to the
heat. There were 4C5 deaths last week,
and, with the present ratio of increase,
there will be 600 this week. The ratio of
deaths, according to the Coroner, will in
creape steadily as long as the hot weather
continues.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Aug. 9.— Three
deaths from heat resulted to-night.
Three prostrations were also reported.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 9.— Though the tem
perature did not exceed SG degrees to-day
the heat was depressing. There were
four prostrations.
DETROIT, Aug. 9. — There were four
prostrations In Detroit to-day from the
heat, but no deaths.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 9. — Three
deaths and twenty prostrations occurred
In this city to-day from heat.
The maximum temperature was reached
at 4 o"clock this afternoon, when 94 de
grees was registered on the Government
thermometer on the top of the Postoffice
building. In the streets, however, it was
much hotter, and thermometers placed in
the sun registered as high as 120.
At Easton Samuel Nevin, a prominent
merchant, died from the effects of the
hent.
At Chester nine men were overcome and
there was n general cessation of work in
the iron mills.
There were six prostrations at Kaston
and It is believed some of the cases will
prove fatal. : .
Mortality Rate in Chicago
Reaches Hundreds
Per Week.
MANY DEATHS
IN THE EAST
DUE TO HEAT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Aug. 9.
Deprived of liberty and denied the right
to go to her mother because a bill for
her board is unpaid is the plight of little
Augusta Mathias of Hay wards. The
child's parent, Mrs. Louisa Schnorenberg,
has made these charges against' Mr. and
Mrs. John Silva and has sued out a writ
of habeas corpus to gain possession of
her imprisoned daughter.
This is the story contained in the peti
tion which Judge Hall to-day heard and
granted, directing the Silvas to produce
the girl in court next Wednesday, when
the facts will be narrated.
The aggrieved mother says that, some
time ago she was compelled to place her
daughter In the care of other persons
In looking for a suitable place the mother
discovered the Silvas. Terms were ar
ranged, but now there, has arisen trouble
over the iraymentof the board bill.
When Mrs. Sehnorenherg wanted her
daughter back, so her story runs, there
was a dispute about the umount for
which she was indebted to the Silvas.
When the parent flatly refused to accede
to their demands Mrs. Silva announced
that she would retain possession of the
girl until her bill should bo paid in full.
After many futile attempts to secure
possession of the girl the mother secured
legal advice, the result being that the
Silvas must show why they have not per
mitted the mother to have her own off
spring.
HOLDS A GIRL
FOR BOARD BILL
NOT SETTLED
Row Over Settlement With
Mother Leads to a Pe
culiar Situation.
Body Removed and Zmbalmed Before
the Surg-eons Could Make an
Examination for Supposed
Ptomaine Poisoning.
•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 9.
Coroner H. B. Mehrmann has declared
var upon Undertaker McManus because
the body of Charles Fella was taken in
hand by ihe undertaker before the Coro
r.or had an opportunity to hold an au
topsy. The flat charge is made by Mehr
mann that McMnnrs embalmed the re
main*, and thus destroyed evidence which
rriipht have fastened a crime upon some
ggg P*™"- Feiia died from what is
supposed to be ptomaine polsonln*. from
<:.!lns Olseaeed meat. Mrs. Folia charge*
that the meat was sold to her by Jacob
\>*:1. a Free Market butcher, who has
r.-eral times been arrested by the health
for having bad meat" in his pos
5t.«f!ion.
Dr. I^inie. -who was called to attend
J-ella. reported the tas<? to the Coroner
US suspicious. refuFiiy? to «icn a death
certiiicate. Before the Deputy Coroner
reached the house. Oeorg-e McMasters. an
• •mjiloye of McSlamnt, had removed the
body to the undertaker'?, where it was
Injected with rml.almine fluid. A demand
lnr the hndy was mot by a. refusal to de
liver it to th<= Coroner.
oflict-r wa.« fall nf fipht to-day, and
SJcManus Is equally belligerent. The un
dertaker has tha body, but cannot -hold
:. f:::i«:al. trf>rai:se no burial permit nor
drp.rh certificate can be given until an in
qup.«t i5 held.
Mehrmann declares that the undertaker
removed the body without procuring a
lit < U r"s certificate, nnd furthermore, that
be know the ras*- was ojie which required
r.vpft Section by the proper officials.
"Thif= undertaker has been making too
much trouble alone his lino and it will
lave to stop." announced the Coroner to
day. "I have ordered an autopsy, but it
will not do any gr>od, beoaupp the em
balming fluid wi',1 destroy all evidence of
l-oisoning. It i?, to Fay the least, peculiar
that an undertaker would take a sus
jH-cTcd caf=e and embalm It on his own
responsibility. This* will stop if there is
; ny law which v.-ill give me an opportu
ne v to handle the matter."
McMasters insists that he was perfectly
Innocent <<f any wrongdoing.
•"I did not know it was a Coroner's
case." declared the undertaker. "Mem
!.. r? nf the family told me that there was
n doctor, and of course I thought the case
was one of natural causes. It is not cus
tomary to procure a death certificate from
a doctor before removing a case. We
never do that, and in this case the doctor
ni nrt consulted btfore the body was
embalm'd."
The time for the inquest has not been
Bet. Coion*>r Mehrmann declares he will
1-ave the bodv at the Morgue before h*
wi'i hold h'.s Inquiry.
Coroner Denounces Action
of Undertaker McManiis
in Fella Case.
SAYS EVIDENCE
OF A CRIME HAS
BEEN DESTROYED
MRS. E. BELLE-OUDRY
LEAVES HER HUSBAND
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.
COLUMBl'S, O., Aug. S.— A stranger, thought
to be Frank Ronlek of Wheeltnu. W. Va..
jumped from the State House dome this after
noon and killed himself. •
CHICAGO. Aug. 9.— Charles Dador. 73 years
of nee. living at 824 Alport avenue, shot hi;.
wlf» three times to-day and thpn turned hi*
weapon on himself. Both werp mortally wound
c<l. The tragedy resulted from a quarrel.
SHE RULED HOME "WITH AN IRON HAND.
9
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE—
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, oa the 31st day of December. A. D.
1399. and for the year ending? on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the Provisions
of Sections KTO and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ta
Cash J400.000 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgrair.es $14.500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.032,340 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledu©
of Bonds. Stocks, and other . mar-
ketable securities as collateral I5.CCO 0O
Cash In Company's Office S.771 2?
Cash in Banks 11S.5S1 02
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock* and Loans J.43« ««
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83 43
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion S49.SS2U
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... t.419 '<¦'
Total Assets $1,431.834 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid *X *2Z ~.~>
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense C5.IH* i*
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. MM M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. »;20,434 34:
reinsurance 50 per cent 3S0.U7 K
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlr.ir more than one year. $313.-
- 294 05; reinsurance pro rata 1SS.995 54
All other demands against the Com-
pany 63.083 Ot
Total Liabilities $719.933 "3
INCOME.
Net ensh actually received for Fire
premiums $734.1W S3
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 7!5 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources tt.S«8 .*>
Total Income $331,260 73
EXPENnrrrRES. ~ ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Lc«ses (In-
cluding $42,335 33. losses of previous
years) $4M.14O la
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ; 154.780 54
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc S9.S74 11
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes J3.74."! n
All other payments and expenditures 13.5C0 "S
Total Expenditures $776,519 *7
Flre~
LOSSES Incurred during the y<?ar....$31!>.5?7 «3
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks 1
written during the
year $1K.4G3.O94 H. Ma 235 17
Net smcunt of Risks |
expired during the i
year 125.S80.5W) 842.95s 13
Net amount in force f
December 31. 1S»... 139.23S.1S3 I 1.033,74* 33
"~~~ OEO. P. A. YOHNO. President.
WALTER S. ALLEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to hefor* m#. this 9t!»
day of February. 1300. GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
THOS. JTCONROY,
Manager.
CEO. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Corner California and Sansome Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IA/. T. HESS.
K0TAHT FCJLI3 AND ATT0KNEY-*AT-I,rs.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Sprecfcels Bids.
Telephone Brown 93l
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell,
- - .^ Baa Francisco*
STATEMENT
-OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE-
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1E90. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of Sections 610 and Sll of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J600.000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $272,859 ID
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,7^0,261 73
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1.1S9.760 f0
Cash In Company's Office 2.K8 54
Cash In Banks ' 75.6a3 64
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12.660 II
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and MortgaKes 27.069 77
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 148.965 11
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire nnd Marine Kisks.: 65.167 >7
Rents due and accrued 1.501 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 7.S44 40
Total AsMts^ .K.543,144 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid JU.767 II
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense MS)
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2.000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $o4S,903 78;
reinsurance DO per cent 174,451 S3
Gross premiurr.s on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,123,-
457 08: reinsurance pro rata 1,141,339 63
Cash dividends remaining jinpaid... 4.647 60
All other demands against the Com-
pany S.657 99
Total Liabilities ....$1,532,601 63
'¦ " — ¦ -¦ - ¦— ¦- ¦ ¦
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,009,355 '.3
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 84.737 i4
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources .-. 55.713 £>
Received for Rents 2.797 11
Total Income $1,152,633 E3
EXPENDITURES..
Net amount paid for Firs Losses (In- ¦
eluding $15,776 07. losses of previous
years) $383,299 iO
Dividends to Stockholders 61.630 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 147.81S 42
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc *6,2U 2
Fald for State. National and Local
taxes 31.946JT.
All other payments and expenditures 63.337 ST
Total Expenditures $760,333 35
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year — $443.570 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks # -
written during the
year $:60.003,996 $1,456,842 9/
Net amount of R!sk3
expired during the
year.... : 249.460,454 1.461.125 27
Net amount in force
December Si 1833... 259.231.717 2.872.360 33
E. O. DOREMUS. President.
JAS. H. WORDEN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of January, 1900.
HENRY H. DAWSON.
-.Notary Public
THOS. J. CONROY,
Mpjiager.
GJEO. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Corner California and Sansome Streets,
-^ BAN FRANCISCO. CAL,¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.
10
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore-
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; All
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggisu or at hospital. 610 Golden Gate av.
DKUSS-IAKEUS AKU SEAJHSTltli-SKS
MeDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market Bt.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and MU-
llnery School; Frendh system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&MofTatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st., dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. 5S0 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern out to measure.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. (50: Includes shorthand, -typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
310-312 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons;' 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123fi Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, a&say. cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler, teacher
of zither, 526 Turk St.. bet. Larkin and .-Polk.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; 15 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.; founded 1863; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic sery. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help, 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 806& Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Bm help. 411H O'Farrell gt.; tel. East 426.
- EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
*A YOUNG woman of refinement with little girl,
aged 7, wishes a place as housekeper; city or
country: can give best of reference. Call at
161 Chattanooga st., corner Twenty-third.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly lady to do
light housework; Is good plain cook; washing
and ironing; no objection to country. Apply
for 3 days at 403 Third st.
A COMPETENT woman with a child of 7
would like employment: no objection to coun-
try. Add. MRS. LOVRIGING. 3491 ISth st.
A STYLISH dressmaker: good fitter and cut-
ter; quick worker; $1 50 per day; children's
and ladles' suits remodeled. L., 2550 Mission.
SWEDISH girl with city references; under-
stands all branches of cooking; wages $30.
Apply at 1630 Broadway, bet. 10 and 2.
REFINED Eastern lady wishes position as
housekeeper In city or country. MRS. L. Z.
QUINN, Oakland, Cal.. general delivery.
FINLAND girl wishes to do general house-
work and cooking In American family. Please
call at 1112 Steiner St., near Golden Gate ave.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes upstairs
work and sewing; city or country. 764 Six-
teenth st., Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes upstairs work and sewing;
$15. 1216 PtHner St.. near Ellis.
WOMAN withes position to do work by the
day. 1579 Fifteenth St., near Mission.
WANTED— Position as chambermaid; city or
country: wages $25. Box 8239, Call offlce.
GIRL wishes position to do general housework
and cooking. Apply at 572 Linden ave.
YOUNG lady desires copying to do at home;
neat penman. Box 3262. Call ofHce.
A LADY wlth-some experience as cashier would
like a position as such. 726 Mission st.
i WOMAN wlshpn sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 116 Sixth st., room 1.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
kte: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
YOUNG German of 25 with best of references
desires steady position In private family or
as Janitor In some Institution of this city.
Address box 3290, Call office.
NIGHT watchman with best references would
like a position. Address C. HABTMANN,
127 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE young man wishes to hear of
pesition as bartender or anything in store;
first-class reference. Box 3300, Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk wants place. Call or address
G. P.. 1502 Mission St. '
SITUATION wanted by young man (German)
as artist or draughtsman; has some experience
In wood engraving; also pen and Ink work.
Address box 3263, Call offlce.
NOTICE to fruit farmers, fruit pickers and
others— O-chsrd and vineyard help furnished
promptly by J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 821
Sacramento st.
NURSE, graduate of an ¦ Eastern training
echool and experienced masseur, wishes a
position. Address A. M_ 317 Stockton et.
A MAN of family would like to take charge of
a general farm or on shares. Box 3275, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia Et.
• =
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. MRnafFe. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
- PIkaxciaU.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address Pacific Coast Underwrlt-
, Ing Co.. 504 Parrott building. •- ¦ ¦ ¦
FLATS TO LET.
GEARY. 1131, bet. Van Ness and Franklin-
Modern lower flat. 7 rms., basement: rent $30.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat, 6 rooms and bath; water free; 1
block from park; rent $15. 411 Lyon st.
115— A NEW S-room sunny fiat;, frescoed; water
free: 3743 Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market St.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
SECOND, 523— Two nice sunny rear flats, 3 and
4 rooms;, rent $8 and $10; bath, yard.
"" ~ FURNITUttEnFdir~_Ai__£ ~.
1 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4R 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
$50— FURNITURE of flat of 4 rooms; complete
for housekeeping. 217B Perry st.
F-RMTUIIE WASTED.
¦ CHAS. LEVY -buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silvereteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
, furniture/carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
WANTED-German girl for chamber work,
waiting on table and sewing. Apply 2202
| California st. •¦-¦-¦..
' WANTED— Experienced young lady in whole-
i i;ale millinery house to make fancy feathers.
Box 3283. Call. . ;
• BUTTONHOLE makers and apprentices want-
; ed on vests at rooms 41- and 42, 40 Ellis st. )
• GIRL or woman , as kitchen help. Apply 44S
Third st. . .- ••¦..- -'.--:-;
NEAT girl to assist: good home to right girl.
; 2338 Seventeenth st., near Castro.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist with
housework-; German preferred; wages $16. 62S
McAllister st. .
WANTED— Young girl for cooking -and house-
work In German family at Roes station. Call
914 Greenwich St., before 1 o'clock Friday.
WANTED— Reliable girl to take care of 3 chil-
dren and do general housework. 3329 Twenty-
second st.
HAIRDRESSERS and apprentices for hair
work at G. LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
GIRL to assist with light housework at 1044
Ellis st.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. MFG. CO., 409A Turk st.
WANTED- Girl to assist at general housework;
wages $12 to $15. Call 1231 Guerrero st.
A GIRL for general housework; wages $25.
Call between 1 and 3. 2108 Scott st.
EXPERIENCED operator on ladles' tailor
skirts. A KAHN, 142 Geary et.
GIRL for general housework; small family of
adults; wages $15. 315 Scott st.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
2379 Sutter st.
WAITRESS at 615 Valencia St.; $4 per week
and room.
GIRL wanted for general housework; small
family. Apply between 9 and 12 at 2342 Post.
GIRL to assist with light housework; no wash-
Ing. 1323% Steiner st., near Ellis.
WANTED— In lodging house, middle - aged
woman. S30 Howard st. ¦
WANTED— An experienced waitress. U. S.
Restaurant, 123 Eddy st.
RELIABLE girl to assist in housework;' wages
$12 to $15. 1S08 Larkin st. ¦' ¦ .
SMALL girl for light housework; wages $3.
787 Stevenson St.. off Ninth.
GIRL for light housework. Call between 1 and
4 X). m., 378 Fell st.
THREE women for general housework; no ob-
Jectlon to child. 1304 Post st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— An educated, energetic woman to
travel for business firm; previous experience
not necessary. Box 3253. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework:
German, Danish or French preferred. Call at
1712 Stockton st., between 9 and 12 a, m.
EXPERIENCED operators on gent's white
¦ shirtn; steady work good hands. 635 Valencia.
WANTED— Girl for general housework: also
girl to assist with children. 2912 Clay st. '
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
• learning. &4l Market St.. -
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework
and mind baby. 925 Larkin st.
NEAT, respectable German woman: housework
and cooking for 1 lady. ' Call afternoon at 427
, Valencia st. '¦-. ..
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework. 2848 Twenty-second st.
EXPBRIENCBD feeder for ruling. MYSELL.
ROLLINS & CO., 22'Clay at.
NEAT middle-aged German woman willing to
work for a good home. 1833 Stockton st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
wages $10. 132 Second i ave., .Richmond.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Fol-om st., between 13th and 14th./ .
YOUNG : girl to assist In ¦ seneral housework.'
2703 Jackson «. ; .
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for light house-
work and assist invalid. Apply at 400 Clemen-
tina St.
WANTED— A lady to assist in giving baths
and massage: good home and fair pay to
right party; state age. Box 3Z97, Call office.
Stonemason for vineyard, $3 day and found
and fare both ways; orchard hand and wife
to cook for men house furnished; 3 chore-
men, country. $25 each: man about place,
country, $25: choreboy, $20; 4 orchard hands,
$26; camp cook for few men. $30; ranch cook.
$30; butcher and drive wagon, $25 and found;
cardener. country, $23: man to care race
horses, $20; lunch counter man. $35; waiter,
neat place, city, $40. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
"WANTED
Hostler for good country stable. $30 and
found and a steady Job. \V. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay at. ____!
WANTED ....'.
For institution, short distance In country,
man who understands canning fruit; good
wages. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Walter for country hotel, $30 and fare ad-
vanced. ,W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
MAN and wife, institution, kitchen work,
wages $60. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
CASH boys wanted: only those attending night
school need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market st.
WANTED — A first-class window dresser. 8. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market St.. 8. F.
GOOD, strong, intelligent boy wanted; 15-17
years old. S. N. WOOD & CO., corner Eddy
and Powell sts.
YOUNG man who has had experience In retail
j hardware store as salesman; wages $6 per
week. Address, with reference, box 3298, Call.
WANTED — Two barbers for Saturday; 1 steady.
797 Mission St., cor. Fourth. -
WANTED— Steady barber at 402 Brannan st.
GOOD barber; good wages; steady Job. 947
Flllmore st.. corner McAllister.
GOOD barber: steady Job. 723 Fourth st., San
Rafael: tel. Red 15. ¦ .
BARBER for . Baturday and Sunday; short
¦ hours. 503 Washington st.
BARBER for Saturday and .Sunday; wages.
1310% Castro st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third st.
BARBER wanted at 120 Geary st. -
BARBER, . young man, Saturday and Sunday;
chance for steady. 131 Valencia Et.
AN ofllce assistant and stenographer. Address
Mercantile, box 32S7. Call office.
WANTED — Bushelman on men's clothes at 201
Powell et. -
PANTSMAKER* tor country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
ERRAND boy; references. 409A Turk st.. San
Francisco Manufacturing Co.
BOY for printing office. HANCOCK BROS.,
73 Third st.
WANTED— A young man; some experience In
dry . goods; In city. Box' 3296, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted at 506 Howard st., near
First. . .
GOOD bartender wanted. Corner Lombard and
. Lyon sts.. Presidio.
KEARNY, 907— Restaurant waiter. Call at 8
o'clock. .. .
WANTED — First-class - waiter at Bay - State
.Restaurant. 29 Stockton st.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
Eddy st. •-..-••-
WANTEIM-Cook for short orders. 115 East st.
¦WANTED— A second hand on cakes. 123 Tay-
lor st. \
WANTED— A cook: 13_ Fifth St.
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply between 9:30 and
10:30 a. m., Kearny st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel.' Jessie 152.
« „¦ ' ; ' ¦ " : ~ \. ... j
WANTED— Assistant bartender. 18 Poet st '
BARBER-SHOP and baths for sale; fine loca-
¦ tton; good business; owner leaving city. - Ad-
dress box 3285, Call, r
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market £-**}$
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 yeanr ¦
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at •_¦
flee; ladles treated can return home the sama
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine.
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
WONDERFUL, trfit true — Our marvelous mag-
netic foot batteries; cures rheumatism,
cramps, keeps the feet warm; removes aches
and pains or tired feeling; produces sound
sleep: keeps the blood In circulation; prevents
swelling of the limbs: disease overcome with
these. Shields Agency, at 114 Turk St.. lat fir.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliabl.
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5: positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy gt., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies" specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of caves successfully; treatment can»b«
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 13 years' practice in S. F.; maternity
home; low teea. 1007^ Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office, $3; any ailment; consultation free: con-
fldentlal. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician; can on physi-
cian with man's knowledge: treatment caa
only be had at office. 3:3 Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1033 Market-Ladles' special-
ist: home In confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NO TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sam-
tarlum 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny.advlce free-.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGETNER— Private boms
In confinement. 1313 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE-The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office 1113 Market st.
DR. WOXO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second-hand: w» always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours, J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
!. Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WIHTELAW. 216 Spear st.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pups; also t
tiny black and tan. small; 20 pedigreed heavr-
weight does. $2 50 apiece. 143 Tehama. off 3d.
A— 100 II. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. H 73. Pop^
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Plna.
GROCERYMEX. attention— Large fixtures tot
sale cheap at 953 Howard st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
8-LB steel T rail for sale cheap. BURNSTINB
BROS., 533 Brannan st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfs. Co.
3000 FT. !d-hand ptpe. %-lnch. black & straight.
l^c per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver »t.
2I>HAND gasoline and steam enginea. lathes.
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale at.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. 11. S. White, 516 Mlnalon.
A FINE suite, S10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: lat«»
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price.
JT3; concert records. Jl 50. Baclgalupt. W3 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. UD Beal*.
2D-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burglar
proof safe; ch«'ap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2.1-hand: movln?
pictures. BULLARD & P.RECK. 131 post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. TUB
WALTZ gAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLA.\EOl'S WA.VTS.
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. 22 Seventh
St.. opposite new Postofflce.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 2. Stockton st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothlni?
call on B. COHEN. 137 Third; tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LO.V.*..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mori>
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
tate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my t*rm<s before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- flr*t
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattet
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16 first floor
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OL6EN. *
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 84S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount-
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal- quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Donnhoe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
LOANS *
SALARIES and "FURNITURa
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room?"
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
$:0O.C0O at 6 per cent In sums to suit in city; also
$150,000 on large ranches: also on second raort-.
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confldentlaL
BONELLI. 301 Jonea St.. corner Eddy. ¦•
MONEY to loan on furniture j>lanoa, fixtures*
low rates; confid. Rm. 6C8. WlnchesterHctel!
>NY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 p<>r
cent: no removal; no com. Room 81. < Eddy.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds o£
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security: all buat-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bl*.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, S Eddy st.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner buiMing.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. I ICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MO.MiY WANTED.
LOAN of $CCCO wanted for five years at I per
cent: good real estate security. Apply to C.
D.. 2C61 Pacific ave., Alameda; If personally,
between 8 and 3 n. m.
Mt'S I CAL I>_TnU_IEXTS.
THE finest tuning and repairing done at MAU.
VAIS." "£9 Market st.
A NEW lot of "Baby" Deckers Just received -
they are beauties and so reasonable la price.*
MAUVAIS'. 7(3 Market st.
PIANOS rented and rent allowed on purchas.
If desired; prices low foa a good article.
MAUVAIS', 763 Market tl. t_.ci*.
ALL purchasers of pianos ai SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time, within three years
and full purchase price allowed; th* best
makers of every grade to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights |6 cash, $8 per month- soma
good pianos for $3. $1 and $3 per month
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. STEI.\W\Y
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter MsT
I San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thirl
j ti-enth St.. Oakland. , "^
! AS usual we offer some fine barjrains
Ore Steck Upright, walnut case- like new
One \V\;ber Upright; walnut case- new *
One Fischer Upright: In fine order
One Sterling Upright; mahogany case
One Neumann Upright; very good
One Curtaz Upright: oak case- excellent
Prices from J135 up; *r. per montl_
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 S'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous.
west cf Chicago | 9 KOHLER A cilASETS
26. 28 end 30 O'Farrell at.; piano* organs and
all otfcpr musical Instruments of all grades
ana prices: terms eas<y: Drice* innn,. ,.,.„.
thing possible done to pleasTand Tsatisfy the
customer.
B ;\fl?,« N L A >»ea«lful S-pedal upright. nw B :
2,yi ce _S i ona an , d ca »e. used a. few months? 4
!___ Fl ? her "Wight. J3O; a Ute'.nway upright
used a few years. DEWING CO.. Flood hld£
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Californian Canneries Co.. Ltd.. Brannan St..
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit,
preparing and canning; steady work; highest
wages paid; premiums paid for quick work.
Apply immediately U. a FRUIT PACKING
CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
niSIXESS CHANCES COXTINCEO.
J TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location: place Is entirely covered; contains 3
etalle; rent enly $15: water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON &. CO.. 614 Call building.
$425— A FISH and oyBter stand In down town
market; doing a good business; splendid op-
portunity for a bright man. Address box
32S6. Call office. •
BRANCH bakery, candy and stationery: block
from large school; good lliing; parties going
to country; price $350; no agents. Box 3245,
Call office. " I
BAKERS— Bakery, conducted successfully 6
years,* now being renovated and fitted up.
to let. Apply on premises, NW. cor. Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero sts.
'¦ AN Interest In a paying legitimate business,
where services of capable man are required;
Investigation nnd refnees. A. B-. box 32. Call.
FOR SALE— A bargain; a small milk business ;
complete. Apply H. BLAN'KEN, Six-Mile
House, San Bruno Road. :
PARTNER with $C00 In optical business; re-
ceipts from $C00 to $1000 per month; must be
a graduate optician. Box 3261. Call office.
COFFEE saloon and chop house, with ten fur-
nished rooms, all rented, for eale very cheap:
good paying business. Box 299Z. Call office.
FOR 6ale— $1000 will buy a small steam laun-
dry In a country town in California. Address
box 824?. Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale cheap. 837
O'Farrell ct.
FOR sale— A country barber shop. Inquire at
WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st.
FOR sale— Blacksmith shop; stock tools; good
business. A. DABLE. Martinez.
FOR BALE— Saloon; good business; cause, slck-
nese. Inquire 44 Second Et. ¦
$175— DELICACIES and branch bakery: 3 living
rooms; rent $12. with water. <2S Sixth St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmors et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^5~r.; central; full; quite profitable $2600
• IS r.; rent $C0; takes $160; 1 blk. of Mkt.. 800
10 r.; cfn sunny side; rent 135; nice block.. 450
23 r.; sunny; 3 blks of Market; full 650
S7 r.; hotel; rent $150; bargain; party leaving.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market et. nr. Call bldg.
HOUSES from 10 to 180 rooms; good locations;
honest \-alue. perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned: to buy or sell your lodging
house or furniture ar.d secure satisfaction
write cr call SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917
Market Ft., above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
WELL-FTRNISHED house of 60 rooms close to
the theaters; all sunny rooms; lease; electric
elevator; during $150 to $200 mo.; for cash or
will take smaller house in part payment.
Rox S276. Call office.
Jioon— 12 ROOMS, grandly furnished; see this
barpain before you invest. Apply D. M. RAE,
837 Mlfslon st.
FOR sale account of sickness — Newly furnished
9- room house; 5 steady roomers pays rent;
price ?600. Call at 1212 Howard st. ; no agents.
| WILL pay cash for lodging house; 25 to 40
I rooms; must be a bargain. Box 1951. Call.
HOUSE of 16 rc*ms; rent cheap: a reasonable
offer will be accepted. 619i± Mission Bt.
FOR sale— Rooming house; 17 neatly furnished;
cause, sickness. Address box 3246, Call office.
CARRIAGES A.VD WAGOXS.
FOR sale cheap— A good phaeton; adapted for
family or country use. Devlsadero-st. Stable,
S34 Devisadero st.
ALL kind# of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
FOR sale — Doctor's buggy team, cheap. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
BUGGY mare for sale; gentle and stylish; call
between 1 and 6 p. m. 114 Stockton et.
AN A No. -1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
XEW & 2d-hcnd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia,
CAMPAIGN PUOTO BUTTONS.
MFT cf all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 923 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET I1EATING AXD CLEANING:
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-207 Tehama St.; tel. Bouth 49.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4">3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 fcth St.; tel. South 25a
CARPETS denned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c I
STRATTON'S. 2 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944. j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.; ]
tel. Main 291. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 sunny rooms, basement, $11.
127H Morris ave.. off Bryant, near Sixth.
MODERN cottage; 6 rooms and bath. 311 Stein-
er st.. near Hafcht.
BUNNY cottage. 212H Perry st.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st. . j
$is— COTTAGE: 7 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key 711 Treat ave. ¦•-¦:¦; u.|
; _i (RITUALISM.
j SPXBXTDA-i medium. Mrs~Harrtson, S58 Mls-
sion; readings dally; 25c. 50c and $1; circle
Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves. ; 10c.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. ELPIE REYNOLD'S materlall-tng se-
ance, Friday, 8 p. m. 127 Ellis St.; 60c. i
MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.; nc; sittings daily: G. $1; L. 50c
MRS. STODDARD, wonderful spirit messages:
| Tues. and Thurs.. 8 p. m. ; 10c. 278 Ninth st.
! MRS. ETIQUE. 1204 Fillmore— Circle this eve..
10c; read ins dally. EOc.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
• Meyer, git, dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
IT J. HATCH: circles Sun., Tues.. Thurs., 7:30
p. m.. Fri. 2:30; sit. daily. 13S2 Market, rm. 2fi.
MRS. LESTER, circle S p. m.; 10c; sittings
dally. 60c. 127 Turk st.
CLA1RVOVAXTS.
• MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
! diagnoses disease with life readings; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm & dair. elt. U 50. 126 Turk St.
; MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
1 dieted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
I j MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busines?
. medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
WHO to marry; how to win him (her), 25c. L.
DIERSSEX. mind culture, 5 Seventh st.. S. F.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 9214 Mission, op. Mint,
1 WATSON, famous medium and palmist; lucky
- and true: 25c and SOc. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1143 Mission.
r MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palmist
r and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
• MME. SCKAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
- sittings -ally. 212% Sixth Bt.
'. MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
j MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
. band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
: COLLECTION OFFICES^
'. GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
. less successful. Room 210, 927 Market st.
' r DEJfTISTS.
1 AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
i without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
t »!«• up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
j, lice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, » to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
• A-DR. V. CAVALSK Y~has returned .from
the Paris" Exposition with some of the finest
e ¦ patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and brldgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings
i wc^crown.K 00. Chicago Dental Parlors.24 Cth.
EIGHT pria.es for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
.1 derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
i. perience; no ftudents; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
~ L-R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st~
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
; made: old plates made over like new; teeth
« from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
'.. PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
L Full bet of teeth. $4; crowns, *3; fillings, 25c.
1 VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
flays. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth, i
" SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q
YOUNG. 1S41 Folk st
HELP WANTED-FESIAIjB.
¦ — 1
C '- R V HANSEN & CO.... :..... .104 GEARY ST.
- -erman chambermaids: $15; city.
C.R.' HANSEN & CO...... 104 GEARY ST.
Head waitress, city. J26, and waitress. $20; 3
w m fSf* Woodland. $20; waitresses, Marys-
iii ' !S° : ¦CanlHo...$20; Vallejo, $20; Coulter-
*il ' J ? 0: Newman. ¦ Palo Alto. $25; Oroville,
«™ wa * treE8 and chambermaid to wait. Napa,
120 each, see party here; waitress. Winnemuc-
ca. New, J25; 2 waitresses, Chico, $20; 5 wait-
resses, city; chambermaid to wait, mining
camp, $2d; chambermaid, city, $15.
c_^"^* '•.•'¦' FA MILY ORDERS. /
Second girl. Berkaley, $20. see party here at
11 o clock; 2 girhj San Rafael. $25 each; 50
2?H. B . e^ lrl^U cit * an< * country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
WANTED--2 cooks, $35, no wash; German
nurse and sewing, $25; woman to do clean-
ing, etc.. for institution, $25; chambermaid,
country hotel. $20; Protestant second girl. $25;
S J. Be^° nd tfrts. $20; laundress for private fam-
ily. $30; 3 starch ironers. $30 and found, and a
large number of girls for general housework.
City and country, too numerous to advertise,
a .V.- wag S5_ l rom *30 to $35. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT Agency. 316 Sutter St.
'^T-*' 0 ? 1^ and second girl, eame house, across
"}e|> a y. $25 and $20, see party here to-day.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutterst. -
A ~i5?i ERM i AN u P st alrs girl and care of a grown
child, $20; one Bpeaklng no English preferred;
German second girl. Oakland, $20; second girl,
oT y ,'T $ i&T Se , c £ nd elrl - Santa - C 1 * 1 ™. * M - MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A-HOUSEWORK girl. $20; 2 In family; sleep
home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C^?£ ' Or . the coun try. 1 day's Journey, go
with party, wages $35, fare paid; 2 chamber-
m . <«• c°__try hotel, $20; number of cooks,
Si_"_ *^J° $30; houseglrl. 2 In family, $25.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
NEAT girl to assist; short distance: $20; see
party 10 o'clock. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED— For Institution, short distance in
country, 2 female attendants at $25 per month,
with room, board and washing; reference re-
qulred. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— For institution near city, a woman
who understands canning fruit; good wages,
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
8TRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 324: Fremont st.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. .
GIRL of 14 to mind baby; can attend nlsht
Bchool. 2111 Geary st., near Scott.
GIRL 'about 16 to assist in housework. Call
after 9 at 916 Fulton st. +-
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
.cooking. 3319 Clay st.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
, & HARRIS CO.. E41 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts ;
good pay. 27 Jessie at., fifth floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Et. . - -
HELP WANTED-MALE.
"WANTED
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work.. ..$2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld J2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
10-) laborers for different divisions
Ship daily Office fee |1 Free fare
"Wanted for Wg tunnel. Chatsworth Park:
E0 tunnel men J2 to $2 BO a day
Ship dally Office fee SI Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road, $2 25
day and ud... Few Jl Free fare
20 woodsmen, $35 to $45; 8 swampers, Sonoma
County, $30 and board, see boss here; garden-
er and wife, $50; 10 miners and machine men,
$2 50 to $3; blacksmiths, woodworkers, har-
nessmakers, farmers, milkers and others
2 extra hostlers, hotel stable, country, * $1 50
a day. free fare- both ways
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Barkeeper, country hot»l, $35; German butch-
er, country shop, $35; l%'<er, hotel, $50; 10 ho-
tel waiters, country, $2^ and $30; dishwasher,
country hotel, $23, free fare; dishwasher,
springs, T20-, 4 porters, country hotels. $20....
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— EXTRA Ironer, $1 50 day and found, free
fare both ways; extra hanger up. $1 50 day
and found, free fare both ways, both for same
laundry, country hotel. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
MILKER and wife for Nevada, $30; farmer and
wife, $45: farmer, $23; laundry man for insti-
tution, $40 and found: laundryman and wife.
$27 50 week; blacksmiths; 2 planermen, $50
and board and J3 day; stickerman, $3 day; 2
carpenters. $3 day; 2 coopers, (35 and board,
and other mechanics. J. F. CROSETT AGEN-
CY, CIS Sacramento st.
10 RAILROAD laborers, free fare; 20 woods
and mlllmen, $26 to $30 and board, fare ad-
vanced; rigging puller, $35 and board; 3 sin-
gle hand miners, $2 50 day; machine miners.
$3 day; 2 muckers, $2 day, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS v OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market axtd Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
HRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; or*n until $:20 p. m.
309 Hayes street: open until S:SJ p. m.
C9 McAllister etreet; open until S:SO p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
3S«1 SIlsFion etreet; open until 10 P. ra.
_K1 Mission Etreet. comer Sixteenth; open
until S n. m.
10G Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1<1X Valencia Etreet ; open Jntll B p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ytppcts; oj-*>n until 9 p. m.
MEETI.\G SOTICES.
YEKBA BUENA Lodge of Per- (*L
fection No. i. A. and A.. «TR
S^oottJsh Rite of Freemasonry- ff U
— Regular meeting THIS (Fill- flLtt^b
PAY) EVENING. August 10. /Lim*\ji
1S00. at S o'clock sharp. De- f%*Jl\
_ree Fmr. //_®V**J_\
HENRY BfRNER. HUjDrhG^
Secretary Pro Tem.
APOLIiO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. _«_«£__?
I\- Triple Initiation FRIlUY^/JPgSgs
NIGHT. Aujruet 10. at S o'clock. i5JH3Ks_?
In Memorial Hall. "Coine one •?&'*¥*?-
come all." HANDEL H. ZOB_L, X. O.
\V. F. NORCllOPS, Secretary.
_}'D?IAL meeting of the Caledonian v CTs,
Club THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. ia£l
at S o'clock, at Scottish Hall, 117 *$_____*
Larkin et. Members only; a full '•-=_?(»
attendance desired.
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
ST. ANrmmvs Society will cele- _ «¦
brate the l*?th anniversary of the 3L Cjt \' J
birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT "VvXfi*
on FRIDAY EVENING. August 17,
r.t Scntlsh Hall. 307 Larkin Ft. Address by
Professor Hudson. Views and vocal selec-
tions. WM. BALNAVEP. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
LA POCICTE Franralse de Blenfaisance Mu-
tuelle (French Mutual Benevolent Society)—
Ppocial BoriPial meeting August 12. 1900, at 2
r>. m., at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st. For
•.he cnramlttPC. A. JACQUEMART, Sec
AGE.1TS WAXTED. <
FOUR pood canvassers or agents wanted at
2112 Fillmore _t.
\VF handle n«?wert novelties for agents. PA-
CIFK' AGENTS' St'PPLY CO.. 3461 ISth -t.
ASTROLOGY.
KRNEFT S. GRKEN positively proves the stars
ruie j-i..ur fate; testimonials irrf, trial readings
from date birth, by mall. 15 2-cent stamps;
full horo6cor*»j< f2 up. 1&>4 Market Ft.. 2d floor.
MME. HICKEY. as=trolr,jrt*t; get your horoscope
with full exi>!i> nation if your future. 50c; card
reariing an.l iiaimlmry. 25c 19S3 Mission gt.
ATTOK.M_V_ AT LAW.
R. W. KING, nttorn ey at law. P27 Market St..
room CTT; estates. damages. attachments,
_ankru2>tcj'. collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates. |
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; |
no fee vi-ithout success; co; lections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SoO Market, cor. Stockton.
FKHE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates, .
cillrcilons. J. a. Mitchell. SH Montgomery. !
AW 1CB free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVir>PON, S27 Market «.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Sp-eckels bldg., 827 Mar- •
Icot Ft.; ooriF-itaticn free; no fees in advance. '.
CfSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market
«.. r. I"; open eve., 7-9; consultation free. .
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD & SOnI
Agents. 4E Fremont ft.
PATH ¦CACiyETS:
ROEINSON f.'. 4-panel folding; door opens; firm '
and ease. W. S. BROWN, gen. agt-, 426 Ellis.
I1ELGIAX HARES.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF" and Lady LumbT \
lirst prize in England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMriON BELGLAN HARE SANITARY !
HEAIkjVARTCR?; Kales dally. 100S14 Sutter.
U1CVCLES— For Mile or i;ich__ec !
ALLEN has cartured the market with 120 blcy- .
cles. 2"1 Larkin St.; offers wanted for 100 _ec- •
r.nd-hand wheels. 1970 Page St.
BOARDING, FOR C11ILDRE*.
FOR refined heme and excellent care for little
girl address American, box S220. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board; room for carents. 429 Minna st.
___________________
A— $800; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
suuth of Market and Fifth bts.; rent J45; a
jrrxxl corner: all cash trade, mostly in bar.
Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A— Wr. RESTAURANT, with ten furnished
rooms: 1 block from Chronicle; rents $47 50;
t!-e n'.ace. clears $125 per month. Call R. G.
WILKE. EC's Kearny et.
A— t'OO: SALOON, with pool table; close to
Ca!l bldg.; rent $05; a splendid location and
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
le 1^ Kearay st.
A— SHOO; COFEE saloon and restaurant on
Kearny st. ; place dning a business of {60 per
<2ay: other c-r.jracements compel owner to sac-
rifice. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny Ft.
Ife-fM; COKNER saloon with hall in choicest
location en Geary St.; rer.t |45; lease; place
kept ty owner lor years and is doing a good j
r>ayinp business. Particulars R. G. WILKE. I
ESH Kearr.y Et. j
A-$1G< <:•: CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
rt.; rent. Including ."¦ rooms, $44; horse and
wagon; 5 years' lease; dally receipts about
jnC; owner to leave for the country: a first-
class and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
IC 1 - Kearny at.
A^Oofri^LICACY and dairy produce. In Ala-
racda; rent I?; daily receipts tl2; business es-
tabl. S years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26i± Kearny.
A— $200; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; r<-nt SI_; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
2CU Kearr.y st.
A.-CO00; CORNER grocery and bar; established i
years and known a? a money making place;
Vest location; cln«e to Chronicle building. See
R. O. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
$500— CORNER grocery and bar; barpain: going
East cause cf sale. MeLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 *s Market et.
>225— SALOON; departure cause of 6ale. Mc-
LA UGH LIN & CO.. T77V4 Market ft.
I 1 il I 1 <ll 1 I'Hli II wactfd; indoor business: will
pay from J<» to J7:> r*>r month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. ~vi Martt-t st.
JS'D — BUTCHER f-hep; firoffxrous country
town; bargain. MeLAUGHLIN & CO., 777>£
Market r».
A— nrr; BUTCHEB shop, with horse and cart;
fumlshe.1 complete; established and conducted
successfully for 25 years; in a flrst-clasg
neighborhood; north cf Market st. : rent, with
ptabSe. only t20 monthly; will gi\-e a long
lease to a desirable tenant; other engage-
tr.ents demand owner's attention and compels
tacrific-e; this bargain cannot be equaled. M
A. HHOOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
K'A WILL buy a saloon; a snap; $1509 buys
100-room Unlging house; $250 buys lC-room
}o_Cing house; t^u buys lS-rooin lodging,
rouse; great bargain. McBRIDE & CO. S30
Howard st.
A-J1V0; CANDY and ice cream parlors, with
factory, in the best location north of
Market; fine fixtures; good business, clearing
Sl'JU monthly. LANE & CO.. S65 Market st.
J1S0O— 8 ROOMS, elegantly furnished, with sta-
tionery and variety store; established 15 years-
_ great sacrifice. Apply D. M. RAE. 837 Mis-
¦ t-ion et. - * -
A WOOD. «mU and fee<i yard: fine location:
clears ITS mo COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A SALOON In wholesale district; big bargain-
sickness. OOW1NG & CO.. Tl. Market at '
A— $123; lodging-house. 9 rooms; central ly lo-
cated; all rms. rented; owner must sell leav-
Ing .State. STKXBERO CO.. £35 Market st.
J7iw WILL buy a well established confectionery
store and ice cream parlor on the principal
Etreet in Oakland; owner wishes to retire
Address box 2O0S. Oakland.
FOR sole— Stean beer brewery with saloon and
bottling works attached; everything in bett
working order. Address City Brewery. Santa
Uarbcra, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and cafe doing: eood busl-
r.«*Es; good location; reason of sale, other busi-
ness; fullest investigation allowed; will take
Iiart trade. Address box 3277. Call ofilce.
BARGAIN-Tallor shop for sale at 120 Ellis et^
established and kept by the owner 9 yearn;
rent paid to the 2Sth of this month.
CHEAP: candy, stationery, notion store; school
in same block; living: rooms rear; rent cheap.
<XC McAllieter St.; no agents.
UAKERY. notions, cigars and laundry; present
owner iiiere C years. £07 Third «t-
CIGAR, p«rlc<lieal. stationery and notion store;
living rooms; rood location. 2M5 Folsom st.
WANTED— Small restaurant or coffee-house.
Add., giving partic. and price, box 2SS7. Call.
PARTNER for flrst-clasg restaurant; email
capital reculred. Box 22S6, Call office.
FURNISHED barber shci> to let, ?5 a month!
2X1S nUmon et.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^MURRAY &^ READY! ... ... . Phone Main ES4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want at 7 a. m. To-day
W^ Ship Free
7469 men for a!l>>arts of California. Utah.
Washington, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Ne-
vada, British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
Free Fare and Office Fee Only $1
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) district
I>3S Angeles district Trucke district
; Santa Barbara district Shasta district
, Salt Lake City distrlct.Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district Newman district
Dunsmulr district Bakersfleld district
Soda Springs district Madera district
San Luis district Surf district
• Special to Shasta County district.!
¦ Redding Delta ...Dunsmulr
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free free
COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammermen,
quarrymen, splkers, section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc., wages $3, $2 CO, $2 23.
$2, $1 90 a day and free shipment
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men daily to
go to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses: come see
FREE FREE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— FREE FARE
Mines Gold Silver and Other Mines
163 miners, some single-hand, some double,
some machine and Burlelgh drillers, for 37
different mines $90. $75. $60 and found
365 men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience required.
$60, $50, $43, $40 per month and found; come
see; fireman, 16 muckers, $60; 12 men to learn
mining. Crowd going— MURRAY & READY,
Big wages paid 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— ..MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
12 carpenters $3 day and free fare
38 carpenters, different Jobs.. $3 and $2 50 day
20 laborers to help carpenters.... $40 and found
22 men or strong boys to handle hammer and
hatchet. 2 years" Job; come see. .$30 to $40. fd.
2 coopers, ranch carpenter and millwright; /27
blacksmiths, also some helpers, $3, $2 50, $2
day and $1 75 and $2 day
6 boys or men to Work in a city factory: gen-
eral utility mnn; 2 farmers and wives; 6 men
for warehouse work, free fare, 173
6 laborers, warehouse $2 50 day, free fare
horse breakers
3 coachmen, $30 and fcund; 3 gardeners, $30;
6 men to break stock on ranch. .$32 50 and fd
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
236 laborers In 23 different sawmills, ?26 to $40
and found, any body will suit; 93 woodsmen,
mlllmen; also all kinds of planing mill help,
$93. $S0, $63. $70, $60. $40. $30. $30 and found..
364 woodchoppers. tiemakers. etc.. $3. $2 50. $2.
tl end 75c cord, tools and food found
126 farm hands $35, $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and butter- makers. ..$30, $25 found
24 stablemen, etc.. $25. $30. $60. $40. $30 found
16 hay-balers, $3 day: also harvest crews
In San Francisco: all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters. $2 50, $2, $1 75 day,
spme board yourselves home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city Jobs, cabinet-makers,
wood-workers, carriage-makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.: come s»e
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME, SEE..
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY
BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, $C0 and found, see
boss here
4S cooks: come see $70. $60 $30. $40. $30 fd
39 waiters $.15. $30. $25 found
19 dishwashers $30. $.6. $25. $20. $15 fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage-makers, pantrymen
8 butchers $35. $«0. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants 2d. 3d hands; also
boys. $50. $80, $40. $30. $25 and found
14 laundry men, $35, $30 and found; come see.
Laumlryman and wife, country, $27 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
A — 6 ROUGH carpenters for a syndicate doing
their own work, ?2 50 to $3 day, SOc fare....
lineman, sawmill company.... $67 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FRUIT-PICKERS... BOOKKEEPER, ETC
25 frult-plckers, men or boys, fare from $1,
wages $30 and $26 and found
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
VEST-MAKER who understands running fac-
tor}'- 641 Market st.
WANTED— Night cook, wages $10 per week.
Fischer's Bakery, 866 Washington. Oakland.
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing. 2007%
Fillmore st.
COOK wanted. 822 Main st.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting, 25c to
COc. 662 Mission st* bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FOREMAN pine yard; large quantities lumber
handled; must understand business thorough-
ly; good salary right man; state experience.
Address box S:eO, Call.
EXPERIENCED boy wanted who understands
bookbinding. SlYSELL-ROLLLNS CO.. 22
Clay et.
FOR SALE— Cheap; 2-chair barber shop, 10 and
20c; new furniture; owner going East. Box
3251. Call office.
MEN, women, learn chiropody, dermatology by
mall; diplomas. Correspondence Department,
234. Sixth ave.. New York. Write.
$173 FOR good 15c barber shop In Mission
warm belt. Inquire 104 Seventh Bt.
WANTED— A good sober barber; steady place.
Apply at 403 Sixth st.. Oakland.
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market Et.
WANTED— 2 salesmen for retail crockery bust-
ness. Box 3254, Call.
WANTED— A young man to drive cart and
work in butcher shop. 1S0S Pacific st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 33 years; not Ies3 than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K st.^
Sacramento. Cal., or 1038 J st., Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
32S Montgomery Bt., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED— Labored and mechanics to^ know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
NEW goods: quick sales; salary or commis-
sion: city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood building.
WANTED— Good all-round blacksmith; steady
Job: good wages. Apply to J. O*SHEA. Seven-
teenth and Vermont sts. ,
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission st., bet. l?t and 2.1 sta.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
al! part? of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years', practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc- For Sale
CHEAP horse, buggy and harness and good
second-hand milk wagon: also one big work
horse. 603 Ash ave.. off I-iguna st., between
McAllister and Fulton; call 7 to 9 a. m. or
4 to C p. m.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagcns, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Marke'.
S27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard «t.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$27 50— ONE of those handsome sunny houses*
6 rooms; exposed plumbing. C12 Guerrero »t.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath and basement In-
qulre corner 19th and Folaom sts. : upstairs.
HOUSES TO LET — FUHXISIIED.
A FURNISHED flat; 3 rooms and bath. 1717
Webster st.. near Sntter: rent $1S.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— Wednesday morning in vicinity of Oak
and Ashbury sts.. a magpie, with white spots
. Return same to 417 Ashbury st. and receive
reward.
LOST-Larse black dc_. Hugo on collar: blind
in right eye. Reward. C. J. 9TOVEL. 411
California st.
LOST— August 8.' an Eastern Star brooch-
initials O. A. H. on back. Return to 2367
Howard st.: reward. /
LOST— In front of Columbia Theater entrance,
cane made of horn. Return LOUIS IIAN-
SEN. Golden West Hotel; rewarJ.
LOST— 2 pair shoes on Market St., near Fourth.
..- S27 Florida st. : reward.
LOST— Gold cuff link, moonstones. Reward at
room 31. Flood building.
LOST— Fox 'terrier, black spot on left hip; no
collar; reward. 1004 Pine st.
LOST— Young coachdog. Return to 715 Folsom
*»t.; reward.
300 GIRLS end women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch, Seventh and Berry.
1 "CALL" ADS PAY.
-MARION GRIFFIN— :»--"*-
F^EAL, ESTATJE_AgENT_. '_¦_.¦--.¦"
-.„-. i »vn "' W T" <_..!_" V SAX FRANCISCO, I
™ n •&_-„ ,>,«. ft I Buy C. 8mxelev oa K^
J \ ___-i*o houses £, p^ c u aT1<? *g WM ™£ > 2i CJ31 .
" wHONGKONG— Arrived prior to Augr 9— Stmr
Nippon Maru. from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama, .
¦•CHERBOURG— Arrived Aug. 9— Stmr Kaiser
Frlederlch, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg.
GENOA— Sailed Auk 4— Stmr Isls, for San
Francisco (not previously).
MUKOGAN— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Oak Branch
for New York. /
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Anchoria,
from GIuf^ow.
Sailed Aug 9 — Stmr Columbia. ; for Hamburg
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La Tou
ralne, for Havre.
Arrived Aupr D— Stmr Leon XIII, from Genoa. ;
Barcelona and Cadiz. i
QUEE.NSTOWN- Sailed Aug 8— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York; Btmr
I'ennland. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia
ROTTERDAM-Salled Auff 9-Stmr Spaarn
dam, for New York.,
- LIVERPOOL— Sailed . Aug 9— Stmr Dominion,
for Montreal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Aug 8— Br bark Heath
fi»ld for Manchester.
HARWICH— Arrived Aug 7— Br ship Godvia,
hence March 26.
HULL— Arrived Aug 8v-Br ship Pass of Kll
llccrankte, hence March 8. ¦
LONDOX-Aarrivcd Aug 7-Br bark Clan Gra
ham, hence March 13. .
¦WATERFOKD- Arrived Augr 6 — Br bark
Beechdale, from Orecon.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aug 8— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Czarina,
tiencc At!» 5.
CASPAU— Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Cleon«, for San
Francisco.
GIlAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr
Newburjr, bence Aug 5; schr Ida McKay, hence
July 28.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Thursday, August 9.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwlne, Seattle.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August 9.
Btmr Point Arena, Hansen, 10 hours from
Won by L. Reiff.
LONDON/ Aug. 9.— At the third day's,
racing of. the Brighton August meeting
to-day the Brighton hlghweight handicap
was won by Lalune, guided by RIgby.
The Town plate was won by Clondal Kin,
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Eight.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Moore & w, LBanos
N Hoffelt, Sacto '
L Debanne. Vina
F A Donahue & w. Ill
P J Donovan, Salinas
E A Riely, Merced
Miss Coles, Portland
A C Brown & s, LsAng
Mrs R N Bell. Ls Ang
J Dadaml, Columbia
C B Staton & w. Alask
A R Mnulton, Alaska
J Wirell & w, Merced
W Boyd, Ferndale
S Hazen. Ferndale
J Bell, Santa Rosa
Mrs J P Nelson. SCruz
Mr & Mrs Patch. L Ang
Miss D Coffman, LAng
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs M G Cowing. Cal
J N Hayes, Pasadena
W B Hayes, Pasadena
T Brown. Bakersfleld
T M Kelly. Wash
I Blankfleld. N Y
S H Wiles. Portland
Mrs J Carroll. Dawson
'. T Fitzgerald. L Ang
J 11 Baker, Portland
F J Martin, Arizona
J C Shlffo. Bakersfleld
j, A A Bonyns'c, L Ang
W H Hay. L Ang
P E Weaver. L Ang
G B Perkins. L Ang
J II Botsford. Phlla
J C Ells, Dayton
W W McWhorton. Cal
F A Short. Bakersfleld
F Flanagan, St Louis
W J Grove. Texas
Miss Vance, Eureka
j C Monaghan. S Ana
, J M Hennlng. Chicago
Mrs Minor. Arcata
H S Minor. Arcata
H H Minor, Arcata
L H McBride, Eureka
M Gllmore & w. S Dleg
Mrs T Ricks, Eureka
T H Selvage. Eureka
J Monahan, L Ant:
W Malborn, Salt Lake
L R Reed, Scranton
C K 8eymore, Carson
P S Knowlea, Chieo
Mrs Knowles, Chlco
Mrs L M Watts, Chico
T Emerson, Berkeley
C Klrby Jr. Elk Grove
C Wlnshlp & w, Napa
Moss Wolff. N X
W B Chapin, N Y
A H Fredericks & w,
St Louis
S Fredericks, St Louis
! Mabel Plock, St Louis
C Christopher, S Louis
W Crossman & w. Cal
Mrs Dunbar & c, St Lk
E W Cox. S Rosa
A E Wood, S Mateo
O Atwood, Stockton
F M Mares. Minn
L Selss, Minn
PALACE HOTEL
J W Mlnturo, Mlnturn
R Richardson, Seattle
H R Lewis, Manila
R W Rov.ell, Wash
C W Stuart. Phila
AV A Brewer. S Mateo
H W Augustln, Seattle
W E Hodges, Chicago
J H Palmer. Chicago
F H Niles, Chicago
W W Houck. N York
Mrs R Proctor, Napa
G H Proctor Jr. Napa
H E Odell, U S N
J J Campion, Clnn
J D Iyjurnan, Seattle
Miss Hathaway, S Jose
Dr R B Egettard & w,
Victoria
E SppHvogel. N'T-";,
Mrs EH Child*. LAng
Miss <1illds. Los ,1M
Miss H Chllds, Ls\#s
H. E FrieeseU, Pittsbs
Mrs P Cook, Rio Vista*
T Flint Jr. San Juan .•
W F Funston. Sacto
\v P Hammon. Orovll
J 8 Webb. DC !
G E Griswold. Chicago
H Heymann. London
C E Pearsall. Eureka
Mrs C W Waldron. Cal
0 F Davis, Bloomingtn
W II Howlett, N Y
E N Tenbrook, Sacto
C H C Brown. Boston
K O Bean, Hoston .
Rev M T Valr, Iowa
II M Peter, Iowa
H M St John. Iowa
Dr J McCroskery. NT
1 H Harvey. Gait
E F Slater, S C
Dr J McWhortle. N T
Dr F E Shine. N T
E W Runyon. Rd Bluff
II L Bowlds. Pt Louis
J Marx. New York
S Kaiser, New York
H. Doyle. San Mateo
¦ • •- uoj^a 'suaijdsi v
Lt Com W S Hughes
& w. U S N
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Miss Mary S. Hodkins (owner) with C. F.
Johnson and L. A. Secor (contractors), archi
tect . All work for a two-story and rough
basement frame building (two flats) on SE cor
rer of Guerrero and Brosnan streets, thence
along S line of Brosnan 84. S 32. W 84. >f 32
tr beginning; $2220 30.
Hale Brothers. Inc. (owneft) with Campbell
& Pettus (contractors), architects Reid Broth
ers—Third-story store fixtures In store building
in course of erection on S line of Market street,
between Fifth and Sixth, commencing "S from
Sixth; $3302.
William Ede Company, corporation (owner)
with C. M. Depew (contractor), architect Al
btrt Farr— Brick, carpentry and granite work,
curbing, sidewalks, doors, glazing, galvanized
iron, grille, mantel, cast iron, roofing, plumb
ing and pointing for a four-story and base
ment brick building on W corner of Minna and
First streets. SW 130. N'W 80. NB 75, SE 33,
NE 75. SE to beginning; $22,800.
Justinian Caire (owner) with William B.
Kreger (contractor), architect E. A. Hermann —
Rough carpentry, mill and iron work and laying
of finished floors for a four-story and basement
brick, iron and terra cotta structure on SK
line of Market street, 130 N'E of Second. NE
33:4 by SE 153:1: $2650.
Mary E. Sessions (owner) with E. C. Bleteh
and F. P. Lansing (contractors), architect Na
thantel Blaisdell— All work except plumbing,
gas fitting, electrical work, trimming hardware,
mantels, i hades, gas fixtures and painting for
a two-story basement and attic frame building
on E lino of Lyon street, 92:SVi S of Jackson,
S 33 by E 91. Western Addition block 577: $3S95.
Builders' Contracts.
Tor More Sports See Page Ssven.
favorite at even money. Durango was
second and Roy M third.
The last race, running, one mile, was
won by Sea Spray at 5vto 1. McFarland
was favorite at even money. Loconomo
finished second and McFarland third.
Summaries: ; -¦(":
Pacing. 2:20 class, purse $1900. mile heats. 3
in 5:
Goshen Jim, by Chleftan (Edd) 1 1 1
Banker's Daughter (Brown) 2 3 2
Dlctatus (Day) ; 32 3
Queen R (Hodsres) 4 4 4
Time— 2:30, 5:17%. 2:1S.
2:15 trot. pur?e $6C0. mile heats. 3 in 5:
Osita. by Pari3 Belle (Durfee) 1 4 11
Santa Anita Star (Maben) 2133
Arrow (H. Willis) 32 2 2
Sable Frances «J. Sullivan) 1 4344
' Time— 2:21',i, 2:20, 2:13%, 2:13H.
Running, flve-plghths of a mile dash, purse
M00:
Ko-Ko. 113 (Jackson) 1
IXiranKO. 113 Ulobert) 2
Roy M, 115 (Brown) 3
Time— 1:01%.
Georse W, Jessie O. Gundara and Red Steel
also rau.
P.unning, one mile, purse $100:
Sea Spray, 104, Mariner-Marin (Hazard) 1
Loconorao. 114 (Bennett) I
McFarland, 104 (Xickells) 3
Time— 1:41%.
Whitcomb and March Seven also ran.
The Sheriff arrested two more pick
pockets at the racetrack to-day. They,
were caught In the act. This makes three
of them arrested In two days. •
The first race was a 2:20 pace, with
Goshon Jim favorite at 10 to 3. He took
the race in three straight heats.
• The next race was a 2:15 trot. The first
heat was - won ¦¦ by Osita, with Arrow a
good second. Oslta was favorite at 10 to
6. Santa Anita Star took tho second heat
and Oslta the next two.
The first running race, a five-eighths of
a mile dash," was won by Ko-Ko, who was
Business Houses and Factories Close
Down to Give Employes a
Chance to See the Races.
RED BLUFF, Aug. 9.— To-day was Red
Bluff day at the track. The business
houses and ; factories closed at noon, at
which hour the streets were alive with
buggies, carriages and vehicles of all
kinds, with none to be had in town. The
Etock parade took place at noon, and four
interesting races occurred in the after-
Special race, 2:11 pace— Hartford Jr. won first
and third heats in 2:13,. 2:11%. George L won
second beat in 2:13Vt. ¦
• ¦ • •
CROWDS VISIT RACES ,
ON RED BLUFF DAY
2:30 trot, $500— Sltaw won In straight heats.
Best time, 2:17. The Medium second. George
Hallerton third. Cross Patch fourth. Baby Is
lan and Al Kalso also started.
2:iO pace.* J500 — Tripoli Girl won in straight
heats. Best time. 2:12%. Shelah second. Alice
Gray third, La Crescent fourth.
INDEPENDENCE, la.. Aug. 9.— The follow
inff are the results of the harness races here
to-day:
Pan-American stakes, 2:25 pacing, purse $2000
—Charley Hayt won second, third and fourth
heats. Time, 2:07%, 2:00, 2:12. Sallle Hook
won first heat in 2:12%. Texas Jessie. Lady
Allright. Motion. Cobbett. Mount Clemens Boy
and Pussy Willow also started.
Queen City stakes, trotting. 2:15 class, purse
$2000— Glory won second, third and fourth heats.
Time. 2:13%. 2:13. 2:16. King Jack won first
heat in 2:13tt- Corrinne, Tete. Una Belle. Am
by and David Harum also started.
2:13 pae*. $1200— Tom Nolan won second, third
and fourth heats in 2:11?;. 2:12%. 2:13?i. Time
piece won the first heat in 2:10U. Deveraa,
Fred M and Bonnie Direct also started.
For the Pan-American stake, the open-
Ing pools saw Pussy Willow and Sallio
Hook selling at $50 each in a pool in
which Charley Hayt was third choice at
3 to 5. McDonald won the first heat, but
in the second Snow challenged him with
Charley Hayt and easily beat the mare
out. In this heat Pussywillow got
tangled and fell on the back stretch and
was disqualified. McHenry got an ugly
toss from the sulky, but escaped with a
slight laming. Hayt was now installed
favorite and nothing could stop him.
Summaries:
For the Queen City stakes, trotting, 2:l r »
class, Glory sold at $25 in the early pools,
in which Tete brought $50 and David
Harum $30, after indulging King Jack
with a heat, Gatacomb sent Glory along
and the Lawson gelding won three
straight heats.
In the 2:13 pace Bonnie Direct sold a
100 to 25 favorite before the first two
heats, but a bad break landed the Direct
stallion In fifth place in the first heat and
another saw him distanced in the second.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Aug. 9.— Spirited bet
ting was the order of the closing day of
the Buffalo Club's grand circuit meeting.
Every one of the three events was hotly
contested and some disappointments re
sulted.
tanced in the Second Heat.
Bonnie Direct, a Hot Favorite, Dis-
LAST DAY AT BUFFALO.
Six furlongs, selling— Chemisette won, Amelia
Strathmoro second. Watercress third. Time,
1:15%.
One mile, selling— Orleans won, Pirate's
Daughter second, Seethlne third. Time, 1:43.
Six furlones— The Lleht won, St. Cuthbert
second, Tr!adltza third. Time. 1:13*;.
Two ml!es. selling — Orris won. Round Turn
second. Lurdan third. Time. 3:i3*i.
Six furlongs, sWUng— Eight Bells won. Insur
gent second, Al Lone third. Time, 1.15.
ST. LOUIS. Autr. 9.— Results at the fair
sreunds:
Six furlongs— Tigris won, Monaghan second,
Loka third. Time. 1:16.
DETROIT, Auk. 9. — Windsor results:
One mile— Meggs won, Rathlln second, Rebec
ca Wells third. Time, l:42»i.
Four and a half furlongs— Emma C L won.
Little Henry second. Frequent third. Time,
'°Of>e mile— Statlra won, Olive Order second,
Elizabeth K third. Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs— Chappaqua won, Clara Woolley
second. Tenote third. Time, 1:14.
Steeplechase full course^ — Zufalli? won. Last
Fellow second. Jack Carey third. Time. 3:49. •
Seven furlongs— Marco Polo won, Acushja sec
ond, Rotha third. Time. 1:2SU.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— Miss Bennett was so
much the best of the field of three in the Petite
stakes to-day at Harlem that the feature of the
afternoon was robbed of much of its interest.
Results:
Five furlongs— Silurian won, Shut Lp second,
Clnera third. Time. 1:04 4-5.
One mile— Pink Coat won. Star Chamber sec
ond. Boney Boy* third. Time. 1:40 4-5.
Six furlongs— Lady In Blue won, John A.
Morris second. Ill Lee third. Time. 1:13 1-5.
Five furlongs. Petite stakes— Miss Bennett
won, Bonnie Lissak second, Fancywood third.
Time. 1:00.
One mile — Cogmoosie won. Owensboro second.
Papa Harry third. Time. 1:12 4-5.
One mile— Dacmar won. Dad Steele second.
Tim Gainey third. Time. 1:42 2-5.
2:06 class pace, purse $1000— "William Me won
the second, fourth and firth heats. Time,
2:C6H, 2:07Vi "2:09. Edith won the first and
third heats. Time. ;:0S. 2:10. Colonel Bert.
Giles and Hail Cloud also started.
2:11 class pace, purse $1000— Little Boy won in
straight heats. Be5t time. 2:03. Aelse, Robert
Wilkes and Young Joe also started.
2:12 trot, purse $1000— Cutting won the third,
fourth and fifth heats. Best time, 2:10%. Miss
Sllgo won the second heat in 2 : lOVi- Neereta
won the first heat in 2:11H- Josephine Dixon
and Dr. Pitzer also started.
JOLIET 111.. Aug. 9.— Results at Gall's Park:
2:20 class, trotting, purse $500— Silver Wilkes
won In straight heats. Best time, 2:13^i. Baby
M, Yellow Jacket, Baroness Marguerite. Bri
tails. My Chance and Kitchel's Red Wilkes
DETROIT. Aug. 9.— Results at Highland
Park:
One mile— Harmony A won, Mound Builder
second, Sauceboat third. Time. 1:43.
Five furlongs^ — Lizzie A won, Matanzas sec
ond, Hill Masiie third. Time, 1:02.
Five furlongs— Toad Ralney won. Dream Life
second, Pierre Jr. third. Time, l:02Vi. *
Six furlongs— Annie Lauretta won, Gladhand
second, Bennie third. Time, l:14Vz.
One mile— Free Lance won, Fessy F second,
Passaic third. Time, 1:42.
Six furlongs— Sweet Caporal won, Ralston
second, Left Bower third. Time, l:12*i.
Beverwick handicap, $3500, one mile— Kinley
Mack won. Ethelbert second, Martimas third.
Time, 1:41. -
Five furlongs, selling— Cherries won, Goddess
of Night second. Himself third. Time, l:02U-
One mile, selling— Romp won, Osceola second,
Myth third. Time, 1:43»4.
SARATOGA, Aug. 9.— Kinley Mack won
the Beverwick handicap to-day, but the
victory was In a sense a fluke, for Ethel
bert was almost left standing at the post
and at the end was only beaten by a head.
The track exactly suited Kinley Mack,
having dried out just enough to make it
dead. Kinley Mack opened at 15 to 1 and
was. played down to 10 to 1. .
The mile was run In 1:41. After the race
the stewards summoned Starter Caldwell
before them and told him that unless he
secured a starting gate of his, own they
would insist on hi3 using the Clark bar
rier to-morrow.
Joyner, trainer of Ethelbert, announced
that he would not run another horse dur
ing the rest of the meeting. He offered
to match his employer's horse against
Kinley Mack, stipulating a good track,
but Wimmer, trainer of the latter horse,
declined to make the match. Results:
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Fonso Leo
won. Cupidity second, Macflecknoe third. Time.
l:03Vs. •
Six furlongs— Bella Rio won. Far Rocfcaway
second, Gold Heels third. Time, 1:14%.
Kinley Mack, Well Played, Wins the
Beverwick Handicap at the
Saratoga Track by a
Almost Left Standing at the
Post, but Finishes in
Second Place.
ETHELBERT
LOSES THE RACE
BY A FLUKE
THE SAN FRAJSClSCOi* UAUJL, FlllD A Y, AUGUST 1O, 1 UOO.
11
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
tirMOVAL of Ke«»ffe's piano store from Van
Nfts to E23 Market, bet. Sth and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction 6ale for
2 week.*; open rv'npy; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN Ktr'.nrs; never wet; best in the worfa;
rr.r.kine: and repairing r.f ali kinds cf musical
Instruments. Carl C Anderson. 417 Geary Et.
A FEW more pianos put on fale for storage;
Kt your own i>rice; also Spencer's retired
stork. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
JIV-KI-EGAXT lare*- 3-redal upright, or rent
for tZ r<0 month. 342 Kc-arny st.
FFECIAL Faie-TpjiEtus $75 up; Installments $0
ur: r-r.t? *: \:y. HEINE. 136 Ellis 5t.
THE WII.EY H. ALLES~CO., 314 Post St.;
Harilman. c-inover and other pianos.
BOHUER &VO., Eyrcn Maczy. Gabler, Hamil-
ton p'anos. 30S Po?t ft., npp. Union Square.
HAHGAIN — Good piano cheap; installment $8
p»r month, SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Ft.
V." G. BADGER. 4i: Sacramento ft., agent for
rrancis Bacon and Hallott & Pavis pianos.
EXTERIOR violins, zitliens. old and new. h!
Ml LLER. makfr. repairer. 2 Latham place.
KEDt'CTION sale; n«»w pianos; $:, payments;
¦ ¦-t r*nt. $2 up. P.ni'EN'N. ys Post ft.
aiCSXCAL INSTRUCTION.
GOOD r?ano tearher like few more pupils; 25c
a l-ysnn. T.SQ O'FarrPll Ft. )
OKFtLKS .i\i; STORKS — TO LET.
OFFICE to rent: 3 fine, light front rooms or. |
Market «., otipntite Palace Hotel: rent £><)
1-er niomh. A<Jdre>s DR. PIERCE & EON.
Oi Market Ft. '
LARGE roan, unfurnifh<*d. facing Market st.;
suitable fr.r doctor. Mrtroj»o!e Hctel. 6 Turk.
FOR rent— El»rant offices and rooms in T. M.
C. A. tildit. : all tnc-dern imp?. ; rent very low.
70 r.-nT-Mo<jrrn store: well lighted; 2:1x140; !
T-r-t -¦-ss"ni»V>!p. rtS Haves ft.
PALMISTIlv]
:.;:/r. iteetgaard. Pres. St. Germain Collese of
Ffclalettr: rr-nds 1 to ?. 61 C Geary, nr. Jone«. I
??^ -^ —^— 1
PERSONALS.
GEO A.LL.EX. formerly working at 221 Perry
>. S«nd addrws to 71S Mission *t. I
WIDOWER, 40 yoars of age. desires acquaint-
ance of i>. !«dy; object strictly matrimony.
I Box OP.' Call office. I
V A NTEI>— Information concerning where-
f*i- ::ie of UBS. LILLIE TAYLOR or her
m ither. URS. MARSHALL. !>oth formerly of
Niv Orleans, Address lnx Z2'9. Call office.
JfME. AI>A. ;« Koarny. 47 Pest, office 10-11 : if
rti k. Buffering from any caasf. Fe*- this won-
derfully £i:t<=4 liealpr; t--h«> will cure you.
INSTITUTE rt Science; fugcestive therapeu- !
i<>: magnctc healing; persona] magnetism; j
'-: : - t, .-:•;. 1'r.f. Fisher, instructor, SI7 Masn. !
I TI.EF— T.'t) permanent cures in San Francisco
;ui !<> f?m: no operation; no pain: par-
thricare eeat. Ad. Phyatciaa. box 1950. Call.
I FDEBEIt. the popular hairdreFser; any style
hairdresti:ic for "'jc; no extra charge for
fancy cr elaborate coiffures. 12J Stockton Ft.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKE BROS.
Usttrerse* nr/1 pillcrWB rr.a>ie to order, re-
*overe4 and renovated: honest work <ruaran-
t.-i: price* iety competition: fine urholstery;
" ¦ •: factory, S1< and 320 Eleventh St.;
first-olaes cleaning ar>d dyeing. 4'» Gutter St.,
>-jr Prand* o.
AMATEUR photographers— *kwb (• per c*»nt by
having your wi.rk don* at Rembrandt Studio.
V" 1 MarkPt St.. mr. Stockton: kodaks, ftixn*. i
ZTic; r.o charge for blank r.ppative*; pro-
resatonal advice free: lPFfcns {riven, F.Oc each.
n.ECTRIC liRhts In every room— Winchester
H'-tcl. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms;
ZSc to Jl TO p*r nicV.t: Jl M to $" per week;
tree 'bus and bajrpape to snd from the ferry. '
FI'ITS to order on Installments: $13 upward; '
51 a we«5k. LEON I.EMO-:. 1117 Market St..
I twpen Seventh and Ki^rhth.
LEDEHElFi Focnio Shampoo 16 the best in the I
market: clear.se?, beautifies the hair; 5c pr.jr. ]
FIRST-CLAPS uphoiFt^rine done at your house j
by day or job. JENSEN, SU Rush et.
II A IR quickly curled or waved by usirur Tal-
cctt's curling fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
DR. E. C. MERVT has taken new offices at i
15C5 Stockton et.
LADIES' and (rent* 1 ca*t-o?T cloth!ne boug-ht *
f=old. Pilverman, PS4 Fclsom; tel. Folsom 11?1.
I-FPERER'S Quintor.lca Hair Tonic; an ex-
tract quinine; pure, simple, harmless; 83c bot. j
VANTED— Oia-fjLshionefl silver, brass, copper j
wire; curios, all descriptions. £25 Dupont Ft. 1
FI'ITt 5 to order on e-axy paj'ments. Art Tailor- j
in* Co.. Examiner building:, room 407. .4
AT.FREDI'MS Egyptian Her.r.a roMores »rrmy '
hair to its natural color. Jl: at a!l drucirists. j
CAST-OFF rlothlns. <-,H coH and Fllver bought; j
F»nd postal. COLEMAN'P '-A6 Keamy st.
= I
PHYSICIANS A.MJ SritGEOXS.
T>H. CRAICSTCCS. the rreat *p«cialist. haT"r«y !
mnned rrartlce et W*> Market st.. comer;
TayJ^r: office* IS and 2C: take elevator.
7>R. C. C. O- rvONNHLL— Of flee and residence, i
vn--! Mr.rket f'.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
¦A S-ETOBT doom "MorS rooms and bath on
r-a-h f.rA cr niec rr-ttap<». Apply at south- j
f-!>c-r ,. jxttr at Qccao ard Colton t=ts.
Rill CSTA'lC—ClTY KOCl SALE.
J" 1 : ;•' Hfijrhts-2 <*a!r« fir .'I Fitcly bulldlrs: i
! t- en elevated pn-jr.d. f.:«x!37:6 each, on 1
•-. !'jt Et.. near Haker, commanding an en- j
• r!> lir.e Diarine view which never can be ob- i
frjeted of the bay. th« inlands in the ba3\ I
K'-rt Poir.t end Berkeley, eg well as the !
• mratlea of ilarln. Contra Ccsta and Ala- 1
panda: Va!I»Jo Ft. i* crad^d, macadamized i
1 r,.J tewered; pric* oniy J1200 each> f ;¦•« for I
I L,th; I <-u.n arrange r-»r 'asy inrtallment pay- I
rri.-r.ts: r»>nierr.ber that all lets like these will
ytt prll for fabulous pries; only two short
block* south from the T'nior.-st. cars. W. J
Ot.'NN. L30 Caiiftrnia «t.
TF.XTH ave.. near Clemfr.t— 2 choice Jots. 25x
Cfl »-ach. In the beft part of Richmond; all 1
rtreet work done; only Jisno for both; «>!ectrie j
cars paF? within a few Ftep*; these lots are 1
*-x<-eed!nr!y Cbeap; m'.st of the adjoining lors !
f^ld »t Jl<«« each: eavy payments can be ar- I
ranged. W. .T. OU.N'N. rj-j California st.
JiAV>: you r<-al estat* north of the Park or at i
t!ie MifFion ihnt you want to fs«>!l. then call :
»n W. J. CCKK. I2v ra'.ifornia Ft.
NEVl" handsome park re?I'5» ! n'-p: only 1 left of
4; rortair.s S rr.orr.s, ir well built, up-to-date-
wiJI I)* «n!d rhpar: *26 daytnn ct.. south of
Halcbt: Bixth and Taylor Fts. and Masoni* j
evf. cars pas« the door. J. STIERLEST '
owner, on premises. 1' [
ITT'iO-TIIREE new modern flats, with rnarbU i
f-'.pjr. frepcoM ceilings, etc.. in the best reni- ¦
inc Fc^tlon nf th» rjty; one block from HaighV i
ft. cars, on 'Waller Ft., near Pierce; rents '
fI«60 r-^r year: terms.
3>:uPERN houses built lowest prices: plans and :
f-stlmates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission, j
*Cj:vV* cottage: « rooms, bath: lot bOxlOO; Mis- !
Fiin: vary terms or vacant lot. 413 K^atnv st. I
¦~^™"*~"^^^ —^^^— » j
HEAL ESTATi: — COLWTKV — V'or s»l«, j
TO LHAEE — Pather ranch. San Pablo Creek, f
Contra Costa County; 1150 acres; 200 acres
rrain land; well •watered: railroad facilities.
In person tr> EL E. ROWLAND. Ortnda Park.
fTOCK and grain ranch for aale tn Colusa. Co.;
3-'4O acres; J10 an arrf; BOO grain, rest in hill
iand. M. P. CHAXDOX. MaryBvllle, Cal.
H1MI, ESTATE TO EXCUA.VGE.
NTV. cor. In Borkeley, 120x134:6; fine marine
vlow: for a resideiic* In S. F.: will pay $2000
cr t2T)00 difference. T.. box S235, Call office.
A" PRINTED llFt. ' M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market.
C:ty iirop'Tty and farmg exchafigei and »old.
liERKELEnDVERTISEMEXTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A P.AUE CHAXCE~~.............. .*..........'..
TO SKCtTRE A HOME
A now house of 4 rooms, pantry, bath and
'!cs*>;*. city water and sewerage; convenient
to local trains; price flSCrt; $200 cash, balance
In mor.thiy payment* of $12 M. Take Berke-
ley train, get off at Lorin and Inquire for....
; RUDOLPIT. PERKINS & LYON.
FIXE LOCATirjX...... '.
; ONLY $S30
3-room cottage; cloFe to station : on macad-
amized Ftr~.t; inveetigate. Take Berkeley
train, get r.rr at Lorin and Inquire for
nUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYOX.
11000-VERY CHOICE
5-room cottage. 2 blorkj! froni* 'station ; "city
vfnter: chicken yard and outhouses; lot SSxSO-
£s anr!n<,uTrr fo^ r . k :: ey trata - Rft ofr at
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & 'l'y'ox'."
IN Berkeley— Two-etory modern cottage, seven
large rooms and bath; double parlors- heavy
moldings; 7-ft. basement; brick foundation'
lot 50x125; street work complete; price J22M-
monthly IwymrBts if desired. Inquire on
ltirem !«¦«¦. 3017 Fulton «.. As-hhy station, or
lk^«>ron & Holcomb. 1OC-1 Broadwny. Oakland.
f-ROOM cottasre; new; modern: on Tele-
Kraph av<».; a minutes fmm university cood
bargain: »do«l location. MASON & McLEV-
ATHEX, adjoinloc P. O.. Berkeley. CaJ.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEY REAL KSTATE.
II25O— JUSX completed: cottage house of 5
rooms ; modern In every respect; electric light-
ing; connected with Bas and. water mains:
trontine on Telegraph ave. and within ten
minutes' walk of the university: a perfect
poem. Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN,
Berkeley Station.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRl'ITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
POULTRY ranch. 3 a«r<?s; 4-rocm house: upper
Fruitvale. Owner. 5/17 East Twenty-third st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) REAL KSTATK.
J"00 CASH; monthly payments as low rent till
paid lor; modern new cottage of ? rooms,
pantry, closets, high basement, brick\founda-
tion; all fenced; fine well of water; all first
class; 2 fine lots; price all told, $SCO; city
water If desired: street macadamized: nice
homes all around; near 3 lines of electric
roads and line schoolhouse and wide avenue;
no fcg cr cold winds here; AllendaJe tract,
adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for
circular. 4"5 Seventh St., near corner Broad-
may. Oakland; carriage free; H. Z. JONES.
owner.
COMFLETE1-T FUBNISHED HOME.
j2O00_Rentins for J23; modern cottage of 5
rooms bath, high basement, etc.; fine north-
west eornrr lot 32 l ixlC0 feet: strept work all
done- BflLT AND FURNISHED FOH A
HOME: good stable on the property; reason
for Felling, owner (roinp into business.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
\ 11 PER cent income property: modern flats.
few Mocks from Broadway: renting for $20 per
month; o\-ner non-resident and instructs to
se'-l st once; 5170-1 buys them: pee us imme-
diately. BKLDEX & COOK, Washington and
Fourteenth sts.
AT a i*acriflce — «3ood J-rtory cottage. 8 roorr.n
and bath; pretty parden; fruit; barn. EG7
East Twenty-third Et., bet. 11th and 12th aves.
OAKLAND Fl'RXITURE FOH SALtS.
AN* introduction to you from II. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
H0O31S KOIt llOl.MilViviKl'i.VCi.
AT €2 Second— Light housekeeping, $1 30 to $2 50
per wk. ; single and double. $1 to %2 50 per wk.
BRYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth — 3 front rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; cheap.
EIGHTH. S4B. near Market— One or two sunny
front bedrooms and regular kitchen, furnished
for housekeeping; hot and cold water.
ESSEX place, 1, off Ersex St.. Rincon Hill— 3
rooms for hsekpg-: bath; hot and cold water.
HOWARD. lOCo'i— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; also others.
LEWIS. IS, oft Taylor, nr. Post— 3 furnished
and 3 unfurnished rooms. $11 and $10.
MARKET. IOCS— Larce light room and connect-
ing kitchen; furnished; folding bed; gas; $10.
OAK, 117—2 sunny parlors furnished for house-
keeping. $14; single room, same. $S; telephone.
PEP.RT. 174 — Two «unny housekeeping rooms;
hot end cold water.
POWELL. 303, near .Sacramento— S or 4 unfur-
nished moms: marine view; gun all day.
EHOTWELL. C2.'., nr Twentieth— 2 cr 3 nicely
furnished sunny rooms for light housekeeping.
VAN NEPP. 402—2 elegantly furnished sunny
roomy; complete housckpg. ; gas stove; reas.
CL\S?IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and L'nfnrn.
A^bI^UNSWICK^IIOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
2ic to $1 per night. $1 2D to $3 per week, and
I light housekeeping; open all night.
1 BRANNAN. 324. bot. Id and 3d— Furnished
room with bath; private family^
Bl'RNETT. H2C Market (old So. 1304)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 520 — Nicely fum. sunny rooms; SI SO to ?7
wk.; 2:.c to H 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
"FOLSOM. PCS. cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms. single or suites; reasonable.
GIJAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
pingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave.. 7. (Ferndale)— New management;
sunny rooms, en suite or single; transient.
GRANT ave., 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms by day, week or
month.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 49»— Sunny Bide room;
double bed; closet: $6 per month.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 640— Two connecting
rooms with separate kitchen; sunny corner.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 823— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWAI^TSSS, cor. Cth — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; reasonable; by day. week or month.
LAS PALM AS. IE20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; Ein. rms.; board optional.
MINNA. «3'i. bet. 5th and «th— Front com-
fortable room in private family.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office?; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POST, C31— Two furnished rooms to let, $5 and
$S; no smoking or drinking in the house;
Protestant Christian preferred.
POWELL. 121 — Light, clean rm».; suites or sin-
r!e; transient; running water; rates reduced.
POWELL, 612A— Pleasant suite of rooms; large
sunny front room and others; reasonable.
PROSPECT place. 123. off California, nr. Pow-
ell — Large sunny rra., bath, $C; prjv. German.
ROFEDALE^ House, 319 and 221 E1H* St.— Roomt,
night 2.'c to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
liKht; reading-room. smokin«r-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 CO; week, ?2
to JS; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Hou*e, 2S Eighth et..
near Market — Furnished .or unfurnished.
TAYLOR, RIO. bet. Bush and Pine— Four hand-
eomely furnished sunny rooms; eas. bath,
etc.; all new furniture, carpets; $S and $10 ma
TTD^: OAKS. 119 Third — A irood roomine house
for good yople. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TO l»t— 4 nicely furnished rooms. Inquire 338
Fifth st. • .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla «t.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA, cor. Sixteenth and MIssloiT^sts!^
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
aJl modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
AT $40; room, board for 2 rentlemen; refined
family. Add. "Advertiser." P. p. Station H.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
traptlve Interior and table. y)7 California St.
UOOMS A.\D IH>AU» WAXTED.
REFINEU yomTg couple with daughter 3I4
years old, want board in private family:
Protestant; large sunny chamber or two
room*; want congenial heme; pleasant sur-
roundings; terms moderate: references ex-
chsnsed ; can give beat. P. W.. box 2250. Call.
ART student desires a home; cheerful com-
panion; good reader, tutor to children or prl-
vatf fecretary. Theo. B. Severaon, 518 E11U.
j ROOMS WANTED.
ftUUNISHED front room and kitchen with
•jra« stove; private family; east of Van
ffor courle acd child. Box 324'J. Call office. '
SKWI.NG HACHl.VES A>U iUI'l'LlKd.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing ETianuT-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. rented~-
repalrlng at lowest rates. SOS Fourth «t.
MOKAUE A.MJ WAitUllUUSES.
¦WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2310 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson. 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 184>— Packing, moving and storage.
'11 J'liW HI 1 i;it> A.MJ hLl'i'LlKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITEIJS^We
sell better machines for les* money thin any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California, telephone Main 2B6.
NEW typewriters,' *5 down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California St.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
PORE, 13SQ Market St., above Jones. .
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country- PACIFIFC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55SO.
DIVIDEXU NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No". 18 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company, will be payable at the oflico
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Friday, Ausrust- 10, 19C0. Transfer books
closed on baturday, Aucust 4. 1900, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 20. of seventy-
five cents (73c) per share on the issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office cf the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia et., San Francisco, on August 10.
1900. Transfer books close August 3, 1900. a:
noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS^
S A rTraA^iicb~CaT7^UBUStiri5OO. -Scaled
proposals, in tripllcata. •will be received here,
until 12 m.. Thursday. Auscust IS, 1900. ar.d then
opened, for furnishing 70 artillery horses at
the Presidio, San Francisco.. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any and all
bids or any part thereof. Bids will be con-
eidered for a less nunjber of horses than that
stated. Preference given to articles of domes-
tic production, conditions of price and quality
(including In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal and such pref-
erence Kiven to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public service
there. Information furnished on application
to J. M. MARSHALL Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. Army. Chief Quartermaster.
CONSTRUCTION of Fewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marin County, Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction of a system of fewers in
Ross Valley, Marin Cconty. as per plans and
specifications on file with the secretary.
RlKht reserved to reject any and nil bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
9 n. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, on Friday. Aug. 17. at 11 o'clock a. tn.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for 5 per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a satisfactory bond for the full amount
of the contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. BERRY. Sec. VO Sutter St.. 3. F.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Benjamin Whitney, 47, city, and Lucy Ed-
wards, 45, city.
Antone S. Canadas. 21. Halfmoon Bay, and
Mary Louarn. 19, Halfmoon Bay.
William Ramsell, 25, 531 Hayes street, and
Lena Rnhveder. 25, 6S1 Hayes street.
Patrick Griffin, 27, 422 Fourth street, and
Mary McCarthy, 24. ICO First street.
Arthur I. Machen, 29, Fresno, and Madge
Kuhle, 23, San Jose.
Harry H. Willmont. 2S. 526 1 * Pacific street,
and Juanita Narrlse, 23. 6^4 Auburn street. -
William Donaldson, 3S, 8 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Annie E. Reeves, 23, 8 Montgomery
avenue.
Robert S. McMurry, 70. 262 Seventh street,
and Hannah J. Fowler. 50, 756 Bryant street.
William Luttmann, 25. 2S6 Noe street, and
Dora Waackhusen. 23. SI Noe street.
Willy Schnutenhaus. 26. 19C2 Bryant street,
and Sophie Luttmann, 24. 1130 Buchanan street.
Cheu Sun, 2S, 723 Sacramento street, and Woey
H» 21. 920 Sacramento street. ' ¦
B1BTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRAWNER— In this city, August 5. 1900, to the
wife of A. H. Brawner, twin daughters.
KAMMERER— In this city, August 3. 1900, to
the wife cf George E. Kammercr, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERGMAN— FUERBOETER— In this city, Au-
gust 9, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Alex-
ander A. Bergman of San Francisco and
Marie Fuerboeter of Alameda, Cal.
BROWN— STACKPOLE— In this city. August
9. 1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Stillman Edward Brown and Lillie Elizabeth
Stackpole. both of San Francisco.
EI>EL5IANN— UNGERMANN— In this city.
August 9. 1000. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Leonard E»lelmann and Babetta Ungermann.
FITLLER— HEUSCH— In this city. August 8,
1300. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Albert Fuller
of Fort Jones. Cal., and Dorothy Heusch of
San Francisco.
McMUKRY— FOWLER— In this city. August 9,
1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Rob-
ert Simms McMurry and Hannah Jane Fow-
ler, both of San Francisco.
TAYLOR— SCHOENIGH— In thfB city. August
6, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Robert M.
M. Tayior of Woodside, San Mateo County,
Cal., and Lina Schoenlgh" of San Francisco.
DIED.
Atkinson. Alta. R, Krebs. Fritz
Bldlnger, Sophie McAlister. Charlea J.
Blppins. Mary J. Miller. Henry
Broderick. Thomas Owens. Gladys E.
Bromley, Thomas Pennlngton, Geo. W.
Harjer. John Rpllly. James
Harrold, John W. Richardson, Manley
Imbach. AI0I3 Wilklna. Selina
Kincaid. Earle W. Wood. Harry H.
ATKINSOX-In this city. August 8. 1900, Alta
R., beloved wife ef William Atkinson, and
daughter of O. A. and E. A. Morgan, a na-
tive of New York, aeed 40 years.
j£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Friday), at 10:20 o'clock, fr.om her late resi-
dence, 3438 Eighteenth street. Interment, via
11:40 o'clock train from Valencia-street dej^ot.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BIDIXGER— In this city. August 8. 1900, So-
pHie, beloved wife of the late William Bldin-
Ker, and mother of Edward. Charles and
Gustave Bidinper. Mrs. Alfred Hauser and
Mrs. J. P- Trumpour. and beloved Bister of
Mrs. M. Walters, a native of Germany, aged
65 years 6 months and 11 days.
(E?"The funeral services will be held this day
CFriday). at 10 o'clock, at the residence of
her daughter. S43 Devlsadero street. Inter-
ment at Decoto, Alameda County, on the
arrival of the 13 o'clock train from San Fran-
cisco at Decoto.
BIGGINS— In this city. August 8. 1900, Mary
J.. beloved wife of John Biggins, mother of
John, Wlliiam. Mary, Margaret. Julia, Nellie
and James Biggins, and eiEter of William E.
Walfh, a native of Washington, nged 40 years
1 month and 19 days. (Butte, Mont., papers
please copy.)
l^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22C Montcalm street, thence to St.
Peter's Church. Alabama street, where a^SoI-
emn requiem \\\z.ti mass will be celebrated for
the repose or her 5011I, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BHODERICK— In this city. August 9, 1900.
Thomas Broderick. a native of Ireland, aged
62 year3.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary*" Hospital, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
10MO o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
BROMLEY — In this city, August 8. 1900,
Thomas, beloved husband of Elizabeth Brom-
ley, and father of Frank, Wright, Thomas,
Walter and Pearl Bromley, a native of Eng-
land, a«ed 71 years.
HARGER— In this city. August 8. 1900, John,
beloved husband of Angellne Harger, and
father of Charles H. Harger and Mrs. Cora
B. Engel, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years.
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 163 Corbett avenue, between Hattle
' and Danvers, Seventeenth and Eighteenth
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Xo flowers.
HARROLD— In this city. August 0, 1900. John
\V.. beloved husband of Elizabeth Harrold.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor* to Flannagan & Gallagher),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
ir*\cfwio~Y «fc Co.. 8
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, 1
11239 Market st. between Sth and 9th. |
Telephone South 247. \
CLOSING CEMETERIES:
On March 30th of this year the Board of
Supervisora of San Francisco passed Or-
dinance No. 25. prohibiting the burial of
the dead within tho city and county. This
law eoes into effect August I, 1901. His-
tory shows that all large cities have found
it necessary to close their cemeteries, and
immediately the relatives and friends be-
gin to remove their loved ones to cemeter-
ies less liable to : be disturbed by the
growth of the city. For full particulars
and expenses In disinterring and transfer-
ring bodies apply to Charles H. Jacob &
Co.. funeral directors and embalmers, 31S
Mason street. Telephone Main 5213.
OCEAJf TRAVEX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1, Steamers leave Broadway
fc. wharf. San Francisco:
F>w^ For Alaskan rorts — 11 a.
tV^SSk. m -- -^uc us t 14, 13. 2*, 2X Sept.
tjSrTtiJ'SNfrh 3 - Change to company's
EMl t (7«S\"'*g steamers at Seattle.
§Vs£<s3 yM ** or Victoria. Vancouver
£j£p5Ci>*S?,4i <B. C). Port TTn-nserd. Se-
r^«8$&45> att '""- Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
¦^"*B3fll cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.) — 11. a. m.. Auirust
14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. X. R'y: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y.jrt. Vancouver to C.
P. R'y. .
For Eurelfa. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
11, »16. 21. 16, 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter. ('Freight only.)
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Itarbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m., August 11. 15. 13. 23. 27, 31. Sept. 4,
and every fourth day therafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San- Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lcs Angeles)— 11/
a. m., August 13. 17. 21. 23, 23, Sept. 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Las Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayrr.as (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rifcht to ' change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
'I'M-k.-t ii»-'V>»hl-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CALX. $12 Class including BerVi
rMnC S3 Second Cla»» and AT.eals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 11, 21. 31
COLUMBIA sails August 16. 26. Sept. 5
Short lin? to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
830 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISJBN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE TVHARF, COR-
ner Fir^t and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiog-o). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Xo cargo received on board on day
cf salllrz-.
PS. HONGKONG MART/
Wednesday. August 23. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
: Saturday, September 22, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner nt First.
AV. II. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
VTZYT TOEK. 8GCT2AHP?0ir. tOHDOS. TXKtX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul August 15|New York August W
St. Louis August 22ISt. Faul Sept. 5
KED STA-t LIMS.
•>w YerV orjd Antw«-»
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Aragonia ....August 15|Frle*land \uguat 23
Noordland ...August TZ f-outhwark Sept. &
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
C0MPAOHIE GENEBALE TRANSATLANTIQJJE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _ f rtmm
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 0ffTft
Saturday, from November ?. 1S». at -^=?*»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street: LA BRETAGNE. August 16; LA
LORRAINE. Ausrust 23: LA TOTTRAINE. Au-
gust 30: L'AQUITAINE. Sept. 6. First clans
to Havre. JS2 SO and upward. Second class to
Havre, $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITKD STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Bn!ldl«s). New York. J.- F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOr.Ur.IT, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. August 22. 2 p. m
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 6. 8 p. m.
L D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arts.. >I4 Montaomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frtir,h» Othcc.327 Market St
KQSMOS LINE 2cV™« •:::«» IS
lYUOifiUU LI Ilk LUXOR 6T.00tons
' ABYDOS 4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg-,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanls, *ZPO tons, sails about Aurust 23.
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. T— Freight office,
327 Market st., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER' STEAMEBsT"
~FOB £ S. WAVY YAnF^olAUEJflr
Steamer "Moatlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9*43
a: m.. 3:15, 8:S0 p. m. (ex-Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30r Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FARE ,...SOc
EAILEOAD TEAVEL.
MOUNTrTA^LPAlirsCENIO RAIL W AT
Leave San Francisco via, Sausalito Ferry*
WEEK DAYS... .9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 6:13 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 8, 9. 10, U a. m.. 1-JO. J:3O p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. |l 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
In IS34 lor thetr'iumontof Private
Diseases, Lout Manhood Debility or
disease treartnr 011 bodyand mind and
Skin DlMMPfLTbf doctorcureswheu
others fall. Try him. Char?** low
CnrnfBarul^i. Callorwrita
Dr. J. *•. uIBBOS. Bo*. I937.iaaa Frasclaca
ffyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the First
Unitarian Church, corner Franklin and Geary
streets, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
3:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. /
YERBA BUEXA Lodge No. 17SS. Knights of
Honor — Members will please attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. Harry H. Wood,
from First Unitarian Church. Geary and
Franklin streets, at 1:30 o'clock to-morrow
(Saturday).
SAMUEL J. THOMAS. Dictator.
P. .7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Trinity Episco-
pal Cliurch. corner Bush and Gough streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
WOOD— In Oakland, August 9, 1900, Harry H.,
beloved son of H. II. and Nellie J. Wood,
brother of Hazel E. and Myrtle G. Wood, and
cousin of Mabel G. and Grace- L. Wood, a
native of Fan Frar.cisco. aged 24 years and
10 months.
tCTFriencU and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles' H. Jacob & Ca.v 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
WILKIXS— In Napa, August 9. 1900, Sellna,
beloved wife of J. Wesley Wllkins, a native
of England, aged 49 years and 9 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 934 Shotwell street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
REILLY-In this city, August 9. 1900. James,
beloved son of Owen and Alice Rellly, and
brother of Mrs. Rose Mulgrevy, Mrs. Nellie
Haskell, Mrs. Mamie Conway. Mrs. Katie
Walsh and Owen and Paul Reilly, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 49 y\ars.
. EXXotice of funeral hefsafter.
RICHARDSON— In AlIandale^Miear Fruitvale,
Alameda County, A«?ust 9, 1900, Manley But-
terfield, beloved husband of Mary Elizabeth
Richardson, a native of Chautauqua, N. Y.,
ap«l 74 years 5 months and 19 days.
and Jersey City, N. J
papers please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thi3 day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the grandparents, 964 Filbert street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PKXNIXGTON— In thia city, August 8, 1300,
George W., beloved husband of Mary A. Pen-
nlngton. and father of John Pennlngton, Mrs.
Henry P. West and George W. and Thomas
Pennington. a native of England, aged 72
years 7 months and 23 days. (Pittsburg, Pa.,
Cyrhe funeral will take place this day
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from his late lfst-
tlence, 1045 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
-. rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit Cowers. Funeral private.
MILLEK— In this city, August 9, 1900, Henry
Miller, a native cf Sinshelm. Germany, aged
44 years § months and 1 day.
inTlfemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
El-hth.
OWENS— In this city, August 9, 1900, Gladys
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Robert L. and
S. Elizabeth Owens, aged 2 months and 24
" days.
IT^Frif-nda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock,, from th<r funeral par-
lors of II. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Cremation I. O. 0. F. Cemetery. *
MpALISTER— In this city. August 7. 1300.
Charles J., beloved husband of Mary Mo-
Alister. and father of Belle, J. I., Yv\ A., F.
J. and the late C. E. and M. E.. McAlister, a
native of Liverpool, Englau-1, arred 71 years
and 9 months. (New York, Chicago and
Kvanfton, 111., papers please copy.)
mvTrientls and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 34S1 Nineteenth street, between Valen-
cia street and Lexington avenue, thence to
Mission Dolores . Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cerneflsry. -- ; ,
IMBACH— In Oakland. August 9. 1900. Alois,
beloved hupband of Catherine- Imbach. a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 42 years 8 months
and 20 days.
KIXCAID-ln this city. August 8. 1900. Earle
\V.. ton of Mrs. Delia Kincaid. aYid brother
of Pearl Kincaid, a native of San Francisco,
agrert I'O years anil 27 days. /
Ity Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late Resi-
dence, 137 Lundy ; lane. Interment . Masonic
Cemetery. - .
KREBS— In thi3 city, August 7. 1900. Fritz
Krebs, a native of Switzerland, aged 49 years
2 months and 6 days.
and father, of Veronica. William J.. Mary !».,
Llddic A., Charles A. and R. Frank Harrold
and SlBter M. Scholastica. a native of Ire-
land, aced 64 years.
MOUTH Kfc.i runic roqpi.U.
(PAcirto a(*T>H.)
MAN nURCMMi,
(Main Line. Fooc of .Market Street)
t**Y« — Frou Jult 13, 13C0. — **riti
•7:0O» Benid*. SuUnn. Elmir*. V»c*»UI»,
Ramsey »o*l aacrameuu* *7i43p
•7:00a SharU Express- Paris. William* (for
Bartlett Spricn). Willows. Red
EiuS. Porciaiui *7>4Sr
*7:3Oa Martit>er. Uamnu. V«:i«io. N»p«.
<'»l'.»'oga anil rtan'a Rout *0:Hr
**:OAa DsTia, Woodland. KuUhsi L»ndlnj.
.MarT*fl!!a.<>rotUle. *7il3r
•¦:««» AtUntiu Kjprea-Osden aod Kast "11: 15*
•Si^Ot H»n Joa«. Mferniurr, Stuekton.
Iftoe. .1unin«i:i>. PlaernlUe.
) MujstUK Chlco. UoJ Hliitr Mtiar
•8s30» OmkiUle, CnlneM (far TusemiteX
Houon. Carters. *I:ISp
•U:OA« Haywaitla. Nil-.n and Way Htatlons. *l 1:15*
•S:O«a Los Aogalea Express — Man.ii.rz,
Tracy, l.allirop. dtoekton, Mercea
and fresuo ••i-lJf
•0:30* Vallfjn. Martinet ami War station* ¦»i«.lr
•IO:OO4 The OTerland Limited— Osden. Dea-
ver, O:naha. Chicvt'i *3il5p
*II:4M»A NUea. LJTermore. Stockton. S»cr»-
mento. Mendot». llauford, VUwlU.
Poruurtllle »I:I5p
•I 2:00m Hij T»r !j Hum and Vfaj SUtlon*. •»: lif
thOQpHacratnentn Ki»or Ste tin«r» l.1:Oi»»
•:t:OOr IUjw*rd«. NiUi »nd W»j BUtlom. M:np
•4:«n r Marliuvr. Han U.tinou. Vallejo.
Ns|»4. C»»«to««. .S*»t* Koaa *»iia»
•lioor Benida. Winters. flaaramenka^
Woodlftiid. Kuiifhtt Undim.
M»rj*fUIe. Orn*ill* *IO:f.l*
•liUOr Nllea.H»n Jq.«»ii.1 Stockton *?>l»r
•3itt*rThe Owl limited— Tracr. Fieino.
BakenSelil. Hangus tor .s»nt* Bar-
bara. Los Angeles *»:I5»
•3:00* Fresno Paasenjei— MuUnes, L»th-
rop. Stockton. Mereml. Beranda
(Kaymond (or Ycwemite). rntm.. 'HiHf
*5iS*f N«n» OrUacf Express— IUk»rafl«ltl,
Hauta Barbara, I.rn ADgnlea, l>»m»
In?. El Fmo, N*» Orisaua »ud
Ka«t ••»«¦»»
•li:OOr n*rw«rtl». Nl!e» »uJ rt*a Jc«e *7:«"»«
taioor Vaflelo *ia«iar
•n>Oor Oriental Mail— O«J«n. Chejenne.
Om*hj, Chlcagro 'I1jI.Hi
•o:OOp Orie-itsl .Mail-Oglen. Draw,
Omaha, Chloa/o *4il3p
17.OOr V.llri... Fort loata and Way Hu-
tlona. t»il»r
•SiOSr Orezon and Callfurnla Kxpraa»,Mao-
Mineiitn. Mariirilie. l:».lil!n«,
r«»rt1au.». I'ngat H,,.i,,,l an.t V.tMl *Bil5t
I'O VST l»l VISION (Narrow «;¦¦«•).
( Foot ot Market t,trec>.)
;7:I5a hanU Cruz Excursion for Hint*
Cruz and l'riadpal Way Station* liiQZr
•¦:ISANeirark.CVnterillle.HanJo«e.raltua^
liouM-r Cxvok.Mau t a Vim aud Waff
Statlou* •¦:*•»'
flil lp Newuk, CentertUIe, San .lose, New
Alrnadaa, Fulton, llonltler Creek,
Sauta Crux and l'rlnclpa,! War
Buttons •••t.i»«
•4<|.1r Newark. Man Jose. I«a Gatos f«.M»%
oltlSp Glenwood. Felton. Baota Crni...... «»:3»»4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fria SIR ramClSCO— r»«t «r »irk«l Slrnl (S!i? »)—
•715 3.00 1!:<XU.U. 1 1:33 *2 C3 X3:C3
•4C3 13:53 •t:Wrjt.
fern 01 lUID-'.sl »fi*r».J •»?.—"«. 00 8:00 10.00*. *.
t»:C3 '1:83 t»:30 *3:C0 tt:S3 '1C3p.ii.
COin DIVISION (Urn*,! (Jauire).
(Third ni.d To-.»nien.l Sir)
ftf:IO\ Ocean Vie*. South tin Fraucincu..
fJ:O«»A Saa Joid mm.I Way SUtloim (New
AlmajRii \Vt.«ne«U»»<.i!ly> *l>3np
- t7:3f>* Bandxy Ezcanlon fir S*n Joae,
Santa Cmz. Paclfle Grot* and
rrisdpsi V'ij Sutions tiiXJp
•UiOO* Han .!<>¦«. Tit* I'lnos. Manta i'rui.
Pacliie tinite. I'asa Ituhlrs. Man
¦ .i.is OUistxi. Smf. Lompoo and
I'rinolpal Wif .Stations « *4:l*p
•IOMO4 Ban Jose ami Way Stations ¦«aS9 a
•IIiUOa SaiiJose,LosGatoa»rilWaySUtions *3i3Op
t'Jt'lSrSan Matro, l(«dwoo<l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. !ta J»m.
Trea Plnos. 8»uU t'w, Salloaa.
Monterey awl l"*-irtc (Jn.»* flojitrU
t:t:.1Ap San Jose and Way Ht»tlnns *?::tnp
t4:l»p9anJo*eanil Principal Way Stations "J:I5»
tS:»epSan Joao, Lm Gatos and Principal
Way .Stations *»;•• %
••1:3Or 9»a.Jnts and Principal Way .Stations lasSS*
•ii::t<ip 3»a Jo§; anil WsyStatious )*:««*
»H»45r> aan Jose an.t Way Stations «-;3l»r
A for Monitor.. P f o* A ftenioon.
* Daily. . t ¦Snnday exempted. : Sunday on!y
b Saturday nnly.
a Saturday »nd Snnday. « Sumlny and Jf onday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
:SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIHC
i RAILWAY COMPANY.
¦ Tlfcuroa Ferry. Foot of Markat St.
1 SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— .:*>. 9:60. 1}:00 a. ra. ; 1J:»,
J:30. 5:10. e:SO p. m.- Thursdays— Extra trli>
at 11:20 d. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at 1;5>
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:SO. 3:20.
5:C0. 6:20 r>. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAV FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK PAYS— «:l». T:50. »:20. U:10 a. m.; 12:45.
1:40. S:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra- trips at
1:18 and 8:33 o. m.
EUNDATS— S:10. 9:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
1:05. (:!S ?. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
same schedule as above.
Leav* I In Effect. I ArriT»
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.1 San Francisco.
We«k J 3un- I 1 Sun- I Weeic
Days. ( days. [ D»gtinatlon.| daya. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 »m Novato>. 10:40 ami S:40 am
1:30 pa 9:30 am Petaloma. (:05 pm!l0:2S am
1:1) pm S:OQ pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 1:10 pra
Fulton.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:23 ana
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
Geysenrllle.
9:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:13 pm «:V3 pm
7:30 ami j Hoplsnd j 110:25 am
t:39 pm] S:00 im[ asd Ulclah. | 7:35 pm| f :23 pm
7:30 am 10:2S ami
8:00 am Guernertlle. 7:3S pm
1:30 pm »:80 pm
T:30am S:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 1:40 aza
and
8:13 pm B:0O pra Glen Ellen. 1:05 pm 1:33 pg>
7:M ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
t:Z9 pmj S:C« pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm[ f :20 pm
ftaxes connect at Santa Ro«a far Mark West
Eprlnts and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
f}»ys»rrlll# for S5ta*e» Pprlnis: at CIoverda!»
frr t»» Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Pprlnrs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Sarato«»
Cprlnrs. Btna Lakes. Laarel D«ll Lak«. 'Wlttar
Vrrlnc*. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
Joha Day's, Riverside. Hurley's, Bucknell's.
tanliedrtn Heights. Hullrllle. Orr** Hot
prlaa-s. Mendo^lno City. Fort Brae;?. West-
port. l*saJ. WllUts. Lartonvllle. Cummins.
Ball's Crrinsi. Harris. Olacn'a. Dyer, Scot!*
and Carelta.
Saturday to Monday round trlt> tickets it
reduced r»tes.
On Sund.ty rennd trip tickets to all points
t»vonil San Rafasl at half rates.
Ticket <5fSc>s. CSO Market St.. Chronicle bldr.
H. C. WHITIMO, R. X. RTAN.
General Uanacrr. Gen. Pass. A sent.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry*.
Cammenctcr April 23. 130t.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *S:30, 9:JJ. lt:C« a. m.j
I2:«5. *l:4S. 3:15, 4:15. •5:13. 1:13. in) n, m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at »:0O and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:00. »9:0O. 'lO:^ 11:00. 11:3*
a. m.; 15:43. *l:30. 3:30. *3:4* fi:09. 4:00. 1:21
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael Sua-
«ays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT3-«:35. •<:2D. 7:50, 8:40. »10:U a,
m-: 1J:3O. 1:15. 3:15. »3:30, 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *C:43 and 10:20 p. m.,
6CNDATS— «:15. •3:00. »»:5O. •U:00a. n>. ; *I1:O«
m.; 1:60. 2:13. *3:30. 4:30. •MS, «:U. 7:30. 1O:2»
p. m.
Trains csarked (•) start from San Quentra.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:U. «:«&. i:0O. 8:55. 10:30 a.
xa.; 1J:S5. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. »:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUN DATS— «:33. S:C5. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; U-UL
1:10 J:30. 3:45. 4:i». «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — CTaxadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
1:15 P. m. weekdays Saturdays except*!)—
Point Reyes and way station*.
g.CO a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
11:45 p. a. Sundays— Polat Reyes and wajr
stations.
S/\INT/\ R"E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STrXET FERRY.
Leave: Overland: Dally forChtca- Arrtvat
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakersneld.
9 a. m. VI? alia. Tularc. Han- 8 p. ra
foru. Fresno. Merced.
Stockton. Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
and Bakersfleld.
Stockton Local: For San|
4:10 p. m. Pablo. Piaote. Mulr. Bay 11:05 a. m,
Point. Cornwall. Anti-
och and Stockton.
* ~ JBakersheld Local: For San
1 Pablo, Pinole. Mutr, Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
I p. m. eoh. Stockton. Merred. S a. m.
Fresno. Hanford. Vlaa-
Ita. Tulare and Bakers-
fleld. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: C3 Market St.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market at.. San Francisco.
ills Broadway, Oakland.Thieves Use Skeleton Keys to Open
the Door of a Pacific Street
Residence.
Two bold attempts were made to rob
the residence of Anton Geantit of the San
Francisco moat market at Pacific and
Larkln streets Monday. In both cases the
same crooks participated, and their ef
forts were frustrated by Mrs. Geantit.
Special Officer Charles Manhke made a
report of the affair at the Californla-
Ktre*t police station and gave a descrip
tion of the men.
On Monday afternoon Mrs> Geantit vis
ited some friends, and when she returned
to her home she found two men opening
the front door with skeleton keys. When
they saw the woman they^ stated they
were sewing machine agents and had been
sent to fix a machine In the house. They
were told that no demand had been made
for their services, whereupon they apolo
gized and retired.
That night the same two men loitered
In the shade of a building across the street
and the woman soon noticed them there.
She watched from a window and saw
them finally cross to her home and enter
the front vestibule. Her husband came
along shortly, afterward and she called to
him and informed him of what was going
on. • .He .followed the burglars in the
house, but when they were surprised they
showed tight and made their escape. Spe
cial Manhke was soon on' the scene, but
could find no trace of them.
BURGLARS VISIT SAME
HOUSE TWICE IN A DAY
Mr. Marshall obtained definite informa
tion about his absconding employe from
the captain of the Cleveland during the
voyage to Srattle. On arriving at that
port inquiries were made that led him to
believe Solomon had "skipped" to Can
nVla. Marshall arrived in Seattle on
Thursday last and came immediately to
this city.
Marshall tak«s his loss philosophically.
He said hnd Solomon acted squarely It
¦would have been impossible for the enter
prise to succeed, as conditions were
against it. >
Fortunately for Mr. Marshall he did not
sond all his wares by the two boats. He
had a large quantity of goods on the
steamer which carried him to his desti
nation, but seeing his Inability to secure
ground for his enterprise and learning of
the ill success of "Lucky" Baldwin and
John Farley, both of this city, he gave
up his project. As prices on the goods
he brought with him were depreciating
he hurriedly sold his lot and returnotl to
home on the Cleveland. A number of the
artists secured employment in Nome and
the others returned to civilization.
When Mr. Marshall and his charges ar
rived at Nome they were astounded at
the cheerless reception that awaited
thorn. They were compelled to camp on
the beach and they hurled maledictions
at the faithless employe. An Investigation
developed tho fact that Solomon had dis
puted of everything. Some of the goods
and lumber were unearthed, but Mr. Mar
shall was unable to secure possession be
cause witnesses were afraid to come for
ward and testify. Acting- Chief of Police
Tiddy of Nome lent Mr. Marshall all the
aid in his power, but nothing could be
done. Trace was found of the absconding
man. but he was beyond the reach of the
law.
It was Mr. Marshall's intention to ac
company his freight to Nome, but at the
last moment the ladles of the troupe de
clined to go unless under his protecting
wing. This made it necessary for him to
postpone his departure; and he sent Solo
mon as his substitute. Solomon left on
the Thrasher, which sailed from this port
on April 22. -Part of the freight was on
that vessel and part of It was on the
Jeannle, which sailed the following day.
Both vessels arrived at Nome the latter
part of May. It was Solomon's duty to
rent or lease a site upon which the build
ing could be erected. He had been given
nearly $1000 to carry out the project, but.
according to Mr. Marshall, he proved
faithless. Before the Valencia, which
bore Marshall and the vaudeville artists,
could reach port, Solomon had disposed
of the lumber, liquors and tobacco and
had hurriedly departed for Seattle, pass
ins his employer in mldocean.
During the excitement attendant on the
discovery of gold in the Nome region, the
Marshalls became intently interested, and
decided to follow in the footsteps of
"Lucky" Baldwin and take a nuraoer of
eingers and dancing girls and also a quan
tity of liquors into the new country- They
Invested JlO.i/X). With the money they
bought champagnes, liquors, cigars, dgar
? ttes and tobacco; pianos, pianolas, hard
ware, glassware, bar fixtures and other
saloon fixtures. A portable house 25 by 65
feet, containing 12,000 feet of lumber, was
built In this city, and 2000 additional feet
of lumber was ordered for partitions and
other Improvements. The vaudeville ar
tists were engaged, their tickets bought
and everything was In readiness for an
attack on the shekels and gold dust of the
northern miners.
Solomon is a young Englishman and
comes of a well-known family. He was
employed during the past year as clerk In
the cigar store conducted by Jacob
Schwartz at 34 Eddy street. While acting
as clerk £e became acquainted with the
Marshulis, whose saloon adjoins tho cigar
stand. The Marshall^ were greatly im
pressed with the clerk and learned to like
nim.
James B. Marshall of the Brighton
returned from Nome a few days- ago a
sadder but wiser man. He .went; to the
land of the midnight sun with hopes of in
creasing his fortune, but they were blasted
through the dishonesty of Frederick Solo
mon, a young man in whom he had placed
Implicit faith. Mr. Marshall and his
brother, Captain James H. Marshall, are
bemoanine the loss of more than. $5000.
The money or its equivalent, they say,
was stolen by Solomon. Solomon is now
somewhere in the "Canadian region, far
away from the hands of the law and the
wrath of his employers.
Captain Marshall and His Brother
Suffer a Heavy Loss Through
an Absconding Em
ploye.
Frederick Solomon Robbed
the Men Who Had Be
friended Him.
DISHONESTY OF
A CLERK RUINED
A NOME PROJECT
John F. Farley, epicure, Shakespearean
student and owner of the-Peerless saloon,
returned from Nome last night via Seat
tle. .He tells an interesting story., of his
three months' trip up In the northern
country.
"The Nome country Is very rich in
gold,'.' ; he said when < Interviewed last
night, "but the trouble of the whole re
gion is ..that there, is. not enough water.
In fact, there is no i water at all to .work
the claims. The old-timers of Nome say
this Is the dryest summer they have ever
known, and till there Is a rain the claims
cannot be worked to good advantage. An
other evil is that there -are large num
bers of men. up there who own all the
way. from live to ten claims, and they are
nominally penniless, but will not sell their
claims except for a -fancy figure. The
beach at- Nome Is very much like the Clift
House, beach, only the . sands are either
black or of a ruby color.
"E. J. Baldwin lias. opened a gambling
nnd dance hall about five miles, out of
Nome, but I do not- think. his venture is
a good one. Sam Dannenbaum has a good
cigar ptore on the main street tfnd Is mak
ing piles of money. The report that
Wyatt Earp was shot at Nome Is not
true. ,The police', service- by the soldiers
Is" excellent. -General Randall Is doing
splendid work.. The . town is not under
martial law; but the streets are patrolled
! at night by the soldiers with fixed bayo
nets.!
¦ ."The Hobbs boys' have i Just#Btarted a
brewery and are ; doing : well. - I have as
the v. fruits • of :' my . trip an : Interest In : a
claim from which I expect good results.
The sanitary condition of the town Is fair,
but if anybody is taken- with" an illness
he is almost-sure to die. '"Whether.! shall
return to Nome or.not is a hard matter
to decide." .-..-¦•
John Farley was accompanied back on
his trip by Charlie Asher. the well-known
sporting man, 'who corroborates Farley's
statements.
Lots of Gold TJp There, but No Water
. to Work the Claims
With. ,
JOEQTNIE FARLEY RETURNS.
Albert Lang, a drug clerk residing at
762 Howard street, was found dead in his
room l.y the landlady of the house yester
day afternoon. He had evidently come
home nnd thrown himself across the bed
for the purpose of getting some rest, when
he expired. D^ath it* supposed to have
been caused by h<-art disease.
Died Suddenly in Room.
On motion of Assistant TTnited States
Attorney Banning yesterday Judge de
Haven dropped from the calendar the In
dictment against Dr. George \Y. O'Don
nell and dismissed the case of Bella
Pringle, charged with mailing prohibited
articles. The ground of the motion In
the Pringle ease was that the prosecution
had failed to secure sufficient evidence to
convict.
Federal Indictment Dismissed.
FOUR ships arrived from European
ports yesterday; and three of them
tell hard luck stories. One was
driven into the" frozen scuth and
had a terrible time getting around the
Horn, another was on her beam ends and
was compelled to drift toward the south
pole in order to get her cargo put back
in place, while the third lost the master
and owner from Panama fever and dys
entery.
The British ship King George was 153
days getting here from Antwerp. She was
driven so far south that the blocks froze
and the running gear could not be worked.
All the ship carried were the topsails, and
these froze stiff. There was not a breath
of wind, and at one time it looked to Cap
tain Burnett as If the ship would drift
clean to the south pole.
In his report Captain Durnett says that
at times it was necessary to heat the
frozen ropes In order to make them run
through the blocks. On May 21, when the
sun came out, the ship looked like . a
model done In ice. On June 2 a terrlllc
The steamer Portland: arrived from St.
Michael via Unaiaska, Unga, Kadiok and
Valdez yesterday morning.- She brings no
late news. ¦ / 1 • " ¦ '
Mr«. F. W. Jordan, **ife of the well
known pilot, left on a visit to her rela
tives In Vancouver, B. C. on the Umatllla
yesterday. . Mrs. Jordan will be gone
about a month.
This last year has been an experimental
one and the steamers have not run on
schedule time, but now a dozen vessels
have been added to the lleet and a tri
weekly service will be -Inaugurated.
The German ship Alstcrnixe. formerly
the British ship Lord Temnlemore. ar
rived from Hamburg yesterday with the
largest shipment of cement ever brought
here. She carries 25,743 casks, and this
coupled with the cargoes of the other ves
sels that reached here during the past
twenty-four hours makes the market in
a "flush" condition.
The Kosmos line Intends making a big
change In its service on January 1. 1901. A
twenty-day service will be inaugurated,
and the management 1 hopes to send every
vessel away on schedule time. The first
vessel leaving In January will come here
via Antwerp and London and the secono
cue via Genoa and Cadiz.
WATER FRONT NOTES.
The British ship Milverton had a lively
time of it oft* the Horn. She was thirty
days getting from 50 in the Atlantic to 50
in i he Pacific, and not only lost a suit ot
sails but was on her beam ends and at the
mercy of the elements. Luckily she drift
ed south into a calm, and then the crew
was able to get her on an even keel again.
The Milverton was 153 days from Ant
werp, and taking all the circumstances
into consideration It was a fair trip.
MILVERTON OX BEAM ENDS.
Captain Craigen was only 39 years old
and a native of Aberdeen, Scotland. Be
fore leaving home on this voyage he was
married and left his wife and mother be
hind him. Abour the time Captain Craigen
was (lying in the tropics a cable reacned
San Francisco Informing 1 the agents of
the vessel that his mother was dead and
to so inform Captain Craigen on his ar
rival. Yesterday as the Melanope was
passing In through the Heads a cable
came to the agents Informing them that
the captain's wife had died the day be
fore.
Chief Officer Charles Green brought the
Melanope into port.
The British ship Melanope arrived from
Panama. 78 days out, yesterday. The re
insurance gamblers had a few dollars on
her at S per cent. When the Melanope
left the isthmus the captain and owner,
John K. Craigen, was a very sick man.
lie hnd the Panama fever, and nothing
/Could be done for him when dysentery set
in. He died on June 13 and was buried at
sea.
A SERIES OF MISFORTUNES.
gale carried away several of the vessel's
sails. Other gales that the vessel met did
more damage, and altogether she had a
frightful experience.
Octave Nodct Arrested on a Charge of
Assault With a Dsndly
Weapon.
I,. Jones. rr.-:l estate agent at 41*
Montgomery mrcet. was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday aftrrr.ocn to
have a lacerated wound in his scalp
stitched and drosFed. " The wound was
alout five Inches Ions and Dr. Bauer
thought that his skull might posribly be
fractured. Jor.es said he was In a saloon
at Montgomery and Commercial streets.
when the bartender with whom he hai a
quarrel hit him on the head with a club.
Octave Nodet. the proprietor of the sa
loon, waf arrested and taken to the City
Triton, where a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon was hoiked against him.
He was released m $V>00 bonds accepted
by Judge Cabar.if*. He said that Jones
and six others cr. .e into the saloon and
fit once began to rate? a row. His bar
tender was struck on the mouth <nd
Jones threw a glass at him. Nodet hear
ing th<=> rnw went into the bar. and nit
relishing the way in which his bartender
was being treated seized a club and struck
Jor.es on thf head with it. which put an
end to the hostilities.
CLUB USED DURING
A ROW IN A SALOON
Penniless nrd Despondent. He Made
Sure That His Attempt to Die
Would Not Fail.
Joseph McFerren, a dishwasher recently
employed in Otto Norman's saloon at 411
Bush street, committed suicide last
Wednesday night by turning on the gas
just before he vent to bed. In order that
there might be no failure of the attempt,
Iiq stuffed the keyhole and all other crev
ices v/ith paper.
His dead body was found yesterday
morning in his rocm at 700 Broadway by
the landlady, Mrs. Margaret McDonaid,
and Mrs. Ollle Thayne. a roomer, who
had detected the odor of illuminating gas
while passing n'.cn;? the hallway. They
at once summoned Dr. Hermida. who, af
trr rx;jmlJiing the body, announced that
McFerren had been dead for several
hours.
MrFerren 'was about S3 years old and
formerly worked as a telegraph operator
in Los Angeles. He was penniless and de
spondent, and the only thing of value
found among his effects was a nickel.
DISHWASHER MTERREN
TURNED ON THE GAS
This was yesterday morning. Shortly
after 4 o'<\nclr' In the afternoon he re
turned to the house and was seen to en
ter the room formerly occupied by him.
He lemained only.n few minutes a:id then
quickly left the house.
Scarcely had he di.-nppeared when
Frnoke was seen pouring from the transom
of the room which he had entered. The
landlord was quickly summoned, and o:i
The lodging-house is being conducted
by V.illlam McAllun. About a week a^o
a young man, accompanied by a woman
and a baby, rented the room In which the
fire was started. The following day two
other women Joined' them. Midnight or
gies were of frequent occurrence after
That, and as the other roomers v.-ere con
stantly complaining about the quartet the
landlord decided to get rid of them. Be
fore he had a chance to eject them, how
over, the women, evidently divining his
purpose, packed iheir prips and left. Their
male companion continued occupying the
room, and as he proved himself even
more obnoxious to the other roomers he
was fervfu with a notice to vacate.
Angered at brine served with a notice
to leave a lodsrer in the Seattle lodging
house at IOjU Third street yesterday set
l'.re to his room, alter pouring kerosene
over the carpet and furniture. Fortu
r.ately the b'.ase was discovered in time
and extinguished before any serious dam
age was done.
McAUun doc? not Know the name of the
revengeful lodger. I-ast evening he vis
ited police headquarters and gave an ac
curate description of him 10 Captala Sey
mour.
"I cannot understand why he wanted
to destroy my house." remarked McAiiun
when teliing about the fire. "Had I not
discovered the' flames when I did the
house would have been destroyed. I pav.'
him onti^r the room, but thinking that he
had left something: behind and wanted to
£et it I paid 110 attention to him. He was
in the room only a short time, and as he
acted suspiciously when he was leaving
1 went upstair;-- to Investigate. Just then
one of the roomers sKbuted to me that
the p:ace was on lire. Seeinpr smoke '.slu
ing from the room which hnd been occu
pied by the man 1 opened the door and
was Almost overcome. After considerable
difficulty 1 managed to extln^uiTh the
flame? and then went In search of a po
licemar.. I do not know the firebup's
n.ime. except thnt I heard one of the
v/omen cal! hir.» -Bob.* "
An investigation by Tyrrell revealed
that the Hrebog had taken the kerosene
lamp and poured the fluid over the carpet
and furniture. Ho. then applied a match
to the carpet and hurriedly left the place.
Had the b!aze not been discovered when
it was a serious tire would have resulted,
irnpcri'.lnn: the lives of tho.*e who were
li. the house at the time.
opening the door he found the room in
ll.imcs. With tho aid of a hand grenade
he soon extinguished the blaze, and rush
liiK downstairs h«i called Policeman Tyr
rell.
After Pcuring Kerosene Over the Carpet and
Furniture He Applied a Match and
Mad. 1 His Escape.
Desperate Attempt Made by an
Ejected Roomer to Destroy
a Lodging-House.
STARTED A BLAZE
TO BE REVENGED
King George Icebound — Melanope's
Captain Dies— Milverton on
Beam Ends.
SHIPS FROM AFAR BRING
TALES OF OCEAN DISASTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900
12
BRITISH SHIP KING GEORGE IN LATITUDE 60 SOUTH.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-T^ffi.
HSS)l. D R - WONG WOO, Chinese Tea
flEfc*2*3 ami Herb Sanitarium. 761-743
W Clay st-, cor. Brenham place.
jsC H San Francisco. Cal. All diseases
TLji 7 cured exclusively by Chinese
Ifci JL- herbs. Advice free. Hour*. }
J^j^jV to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to 9
jr™"whom It May Concern:
*BM.i.L»M< k »rh!s is to certify that I. th»
undersigned, have been suffering from Chronic
Rheumatism for over three years, which finally
grew so severe that about 7 months ago I was
utterly unable to walk. After trying everything,
¦without receiving thesllshtest relief. I was at
la.«t induced to consult DR. WO.NO WOO. who.
after a seren-months* treatment, has now com-
pletely cured me of Rheumatism. GEORGS
SCIIEHER. HO Landers street.
Prices way down. We have
a lot of fine instruments to sell
and. we want to sell them.--.
The J. NOON AN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), '
1OI7-IO23 M SSIOH STRCET,
CLEARANCE SALE
OF PIANOS!
' Ladles' tailor-made . suits, , silk skirts. . fur
capce; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 626 Sutter. *
r ¦ . /
THJS FRISCO BOYS,
Corner Kearny Street and Union-Square Avenue.
¦The •will of, the late Milo S.'JefTers. who
flied March 3. .was filed for probate yester-
day. Decedent" bequeaths an estate val-
ued at . $50,000 • to Eunice C. and Myra'M.
Jefters, his daughters. ,
Milo S. Jeffers' Will:
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians.' Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
OBrr nnuii ,ce™« Fou«h nn .i
I ALL Ul IV ft I "arket. ._ S. F. Try
I. Urr fllllul •"»«¦¦- Special Brew
unl L 111) I fiu^^-^^r^
Values checked free.
- P. ICO»COK3IrXL'I.TY. 31. »>.
iZGli Kearny *4t.. Man Francisro. Cal.
DR.MCOTLTY.
riMUR WELL-KNOWN AND REl.UBr.KOLD
X. Special isteur^r Private. Nervous, ami iiloud Ul«-
eanes of ilert only. Book on Private Disrast-n a:id
"Weaknesses of M en. free. O vr r "-0 y 'rV es p^riencr.
I'atientsCTiredat Home. Terni»rea.vitmhle. Hours:)
to3d.illy;6.30to8::iO pv'jts. Sundays. mto!2. ('diisu:-
tatlon free and naoreflly confidential. Call.oraddress
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacra -nonto St. .
Weak Men and Women^
COULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. £3 llari-*
RRTTQHF^ FOR BERBERS. BAK-
JL>i\ U OJLliuO "'• bootblacks, bath-
hcu»»s. billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyer*, flounnills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hanicers. printers, painter*, shoe factories, ata.
tlettien. tar-roofers, tanners, *atlors. «tc.
FOR THE
BE.OQO.B.gVER,UJMGS;
MEDICAL.
BR.P!ERCE^
$9-5°
Of to-day's sale will be the
offering of aboutlOO Coats and
Vtsts. in black dress ivonted,
incutaicays, frocks and sick*,
elegantly mi.d,c. The pria
for Coat and Vest Friday and
A Swell Number I A Feature
$8.5O
Aid a feature of to-day's sale
is THE OXFORD TOP COAT. You
know how popular the Oxford
grey is. Velvet collar, satin
sieve lining. An ideol coat.
FRIDAY AXD SATURDAY,
At our windows. If you're
not ,a captive,' iv c' II rest our.
case. •
These great values Friday
and Saturday, and they'll go
like hot cakzs at
xtt^X F™ d~\
Take a Peep
In b ues and blacks, an en-
tirely new fabric, is also in
this great. sale.
Yoiv know the high-class
clothes we build for m,*.n — the
swellest. the sm-irtesb -fash-
ions. All the new Idnks of
swell tailoring for fall and
Curly = Weave
Blind Cheviot
The New
9*5"
The handsomest, of new fab-
rics, the choicest of sivell col -
orlngs.are inthis great sale at
Thai Friday and Saturday
icill be banner days for values
in our men's suit room.
Tie a String
Around
Your Finger
To Remind
You
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Millions op Women Use Cuticura Soap exclusively
for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for
cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the
stopping of falling hair, for softening, -whitening, and
healing red, rough, and soro hands, in the form of baths
for annoying irritations, inflammations, and chafings, or
too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes,
for ulcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative antiseptic
purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, and
especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet,
bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce
those who have once used it to use any other, especially
for preserving and purifying tho skin, scalp, and hair of
infants and children. © Cuticura Soap combines delicate
emollient properties derived from Cuticura, the great
skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and tho
most refreshing of flower odors. No other medicated or
toilet soap ever compounded is to be compared with it
for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp,
hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap,
however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it com-
bines in One Soap at One Price, viz., Twenty-Five Cents,
the best skin and complexion soap, tho best toilet and
best baby soap in the world. "" '
COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOR S1.2S,
consisting of Coticura Soap (29c.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and soften tins
thickened cuticle, CtrricUEA Oixtmbnt (50c.), to insUntif alia? itchlnjr, inflammation, and
Irritation, and soothe and heal, and Cuticuka Resolvent (5flr..), to cool and clcanso tho
blood. A Single Set is often sufficient to cure the moat torturtnir, dlsfiffnrlng skin, scalp,
and blood humors, with loss of hair, when all else lalU. Sold throughout the world. aPot-
xeb Ukcq axd cuem. Cobp., Sole Props., Boston. " All about Skin, Scalp, and "ntry^fnwi
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
B; Have You Ever Bought One of Our I
§ -Children's Nainsook Dresses? B
M They arc our own maKe. iy
Kg well sewed and oeatly trim- OH
fa med. -You can't buy. the n>a- BJ
M terlal In tbese garmeijti ior Eg
I I; M/VGnIn & CO., I
I 840 Market; St.,, Opp. 4th, |
H Manufacturers of Bridal and In- m
H ; fonts', Outfits. ; H
jj Largest Assortment at Popular Prices. fia