Special Cable to the New Yprk Herald. Copyright, 1900, by New York Herald Publishing Company. Republication of this Dispatch is prohibited.
• -; ;; All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
VICTIMS OF THE NEGRO
© ¦__ o
! ¦ ¦ - ~ - »! I
• DEAD. ' '•
O' CAPTAIN 6i~P0LICE DAY. ©
! PATROLMAN LAMB. I
© SERGEANT G. PORTEUS. . ©
! ANDY VAN KUEEN. '
® ALFRED B. BLOOMFIELD. •
WOUNDED. -^
' Corporal John S. Lally. '
• John Banville. . ,y
•j - Frank H. Evans. q
I A. S. Lecklen j
.•' George H. Lyons. •
•' H. H. Ball (mortally). I
y Frank Bertucci. J
0 I. W. Bof:l. e
e-9-o-o-*- 9 - • - •-•-«- 9
strength to. their forces. The- citizens'
police force has reached over 1000. V-ii/ ;
NEW ORLEANS. July 27— Twelve 1
person* killed, including on*" wo
man, and twenty-eisht wounded,
including a woman and a girl—
sijme so seriously that ¦ death is
probable — is the casualty list cf the
troubles in New Orleans^ which bo?an
with the attempt cf Policemen Day aid
I., n.'. ¦ to arrest the negroes Charles and
Pierce. The desperate ::egro. Robert
Charles, whose crimes have caused the
U rribl*- ever.ti. of the i>z?\ two day?, was
located In a negro's dwelling.- and in
eJTectir.p bla capture the lives of four,
mere unite men— tw«j po!icenic:i ar.d two
citizens— wrre sacrificed. Charies' reslst
nr.ee cost him his life, and with him was
kilied a negro companion, who had aided
him in his defiance of the authorities.
With the organization of a citizens' po
lice force last nicht the turbulent clement
yielded and peace and order were re-
This inomir.g th»? better clap? of r.egroes
r«Fumrd their vocations free from moles
tation, and the restoration cf order prom
ised to be permanent. The early hours of
the afternoon, however, 'wrought a start
ling change In the situation. The fresh
violence of to-day has revived the turbu
lence of the unruly clement and added
Tremendous. excitement reigned in New
Orleans as the battle went on between th<3
police and citizens and' the negro, with
his Winchester. "After the tragedy was
over and Charles was dragged out from
the mud and slush, in which he had fallen
with- the mob howling for the burning of
his body, statements were made that the
man : kiiled ' was not really the desperado
who had killed Day. and Lamb, but papers
found on his person and the fact that he
fought' so desperately for his life and shot
In , the desperate* battle, which : lasted
several hours. Charles succeeded in kill
ing Police Sergeant G. Porteus, Andy Van
Kuren, keeper of the Police Jail; and
Alfred B. Bloomflejd, a young boy. an-1
fatally wounding Corporal John S. Lally,
John'- Banville; ex-Policeman Frank H.
Evans and A. S. Lecklerc. one of the lead-
Ing confectioners of the city, and more or
less seriously wounding several other per
sons. ' ¦ * < ••
• Four companies of State militia are
under arms-nnd are guardinc the orison
and other Important points. The general
belief is that the. force in hand is ample
to* (suppress the lavies's element.
Robert Charles, the Black Desperado, Rilled With
Bullets After Adding Four More to His '
f Kt of Vir finis
(From the Sphere.)
'PROM TAKU 10 PEKING— A BIRDSEYE VIEW OP THE DISTURBED AREA IN CHINA.
CLAIMS TRUSTWORTHY INFORMATION THAT
FOREIGNERS IN PEKING ARE YET LIVING
"The blessings of the Lord be with you. The prayers .of the whole people will accompany you in all your ways. My best
wishes for yourself and for the success, of :your arms.
.-r "Give proof of your courage, no matter where. May the blessings of God rest on your banners; and may he vouchsafe
to you to find a path for Christianity'in that far-off country. For this you have pledged yourselves to me with your oath to the
colors. I wish you godspeed. Adieu, my comrades."
The Lokal Anzeiger's report of the speech differs from the semi-official reports, notably in respect to the reference
to sparing none and making no prisoners when coming into close quarters -with the enemy, but a correspondent was assured this
evening by a perfectly, responsible person who heard the speech that. the Lokal Anzeiger's report is correct.
EPITOME THE CHINESE ADVICES
CONTAINED IN THIS MORNING'S CALL
*. On this blrdseye map all of the im-
A portant points between the mouth of
jj. the PeSho < river) and Peking are to.be
, . Bwn In their relative positions. The
Q absolute distances are given in the ad
* Joining tab>. The route of the unsuc
0 eessful relief force under . Admiral
*• Seymour lay along the railroad from
/) Tientsin to Lar.gfors ami Anting.
jl which latter place war reached by his
> advance.
\ . DISTANCES. \
f Miles. (
f Tangku to Tientsin .--.27. V
) Tientsin to Peking 79 ..; )
) Tientsin to Yang-tsun bridge:17. \
\ Tangku. to Chung-LiangChing.13 1-3 \
\ Pilot Station to bar at mouth - (
f of river..'. 6 (
TWELVE PERSONES KILLED IN
NEW ORLEANS RACE RIOTS
With definite proof at hand of the baselessness of the Shanghai stories that all foreigners in Peking were massacred on
July 6-7, the hope that the envoys may still be safe has been born again and is steadily gaining strength. In a special dis
patch the Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Telegraph declares that from trustworthy information he is convinced that all
foreigner Ministers in Peking, with the exception of Baron von Ketteler, are alive. This view is borne out by a dispatch from
the Belgian Vice Consul at Tientsin, recording a persistent report that the legations are under the protection of the Chinese
Government. ;
It is^o be noted, however, that the State Department officials at Washington, who were hopeful when the rest of the
world was despondent, now reverse the situation. It is believed that messages received yesterday from Consul General Good
now tended to crystallize the growing doubt there of Mr. Conger's safety. In any case, the United States Government has re
jected Li Hung Chang's suggestion that the aliies refrain from an advance on Peking on condition that the envoys be sent to
Tientsin. In this connection it is to be noted that a reiteration of the statement that the Ministers have already left the cap
ital on their way to the coast comes from Shanghai, and one dispatch credits Li Hung Chang with saying they are due at Tien
tsin on Sunday.
As for the advance of the allies on Peking, the most definite information appears to come from Admiral Remey, who re
ports that the Chinese are hurrying reinforcements to Peking and that the commanders at Tientsin are agreed that an imme
diate advance would probably be disastrous. The date on which the admiral's dispatch was sent, however, has not been
made public, and the reported landing of 15,000 Japanese at Shanhaikwan may be of later date, in which case the allied com
manders have modified their decision. . .
Consul General Goodnow sends from Shanghai, a telegram confirming the reported massacre of missionaries at Paoting-
Fu, a station some seventy miles southwest of Peking, where a little band of eight Americans, with three children and two Eng
lishmen, remained under the protection of local authorities at the beginning of the anti-foreign rising. The extensiveness of the
anti-missionary feeling is evidenced by' other reports of rnassacresjrom such widely separated points as Shansi province and
Hainan. y >
Emperor William, in an aidress to part of the German expeditionary force which sailed for China yesterday, recom
mended that no quarter be given the Chinese.
"TAKE NO PRISONERS" IS
KAISER WILLIAM 'S ORDER
. vj
i _. \ it
BEB& ERLIX, July 27. — The Lokal Anzeiger says the Emperor, when addressing the troops at Bremerhaven before they
1 \jBSS\ sailed for China, referred first to the responsibilities which had sprung up for the German empire abroad during the last
' I .Jb decade. Germany's troops, he said, must now show in the face of the enemv whether their tendencies — the ten-
dencies which German military methods had followed — were right. Their comrades of the marine had already proved
1 that the training and principles upon which that arm of the force had been built up were right ones, and now it was for the troops
' to do the same.
''Every German has been filled with pride," continued his Majesty, "to learn that the highest praise bestowed upon Ger
1 man warriors has come from the mouths of- foreign leaders. The task before you is a great one. That a people like the Chinese
i should cast to the winds .international rights a thousand years old and treat with scorn the sanctity of an Embassador and the
> riglits of hospitality in a manner so horrible, is unprecedented in the history of the world. Every civilization not founded on
Christianity is sure to be brought to naught. j
"So I send vou out, Mav you all, prove vour German efficiencv, devotion and bravery, bear joyfully all discomfort and
uphold the honor and Florv of our arms. You must set an example of discipline, self-domination and self-control.
"If you close with the enemy, remember this: Spare nobody; make no
prisoners. Use your weapons so that for a thousand years hence no Chinaman
will dare look askance at any German, Open the way for civilization once
| ONDON, July 28. — The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Express, wiring yesterday, says : "It is reported that a large section of the
Boxers has revolted against Prince Tuan, alleging that he is making tools of them for his own ends. A desperate conflict took place out
side of Peking on Sunday. Prince Tuan personally led his followers, two of his generals having deserted him. The battle lasted several
hours and Prince Tuan was defeated and killed."
DEFEAT AND DEATH OF PRINCE TUAN IN
BATTLE WITH BOXER MUTINEERS REPORTED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII1— NO. 5S.
Continued , on Fifth Pace.
f ONDON, July, 28.— The Daily 'Telegraph publishes the following dispatches from its special correspondent:
f. "SHANGHAI, Friday— Special and trustworthy information convinces me that all the foreign Ministers in Peking,
:f£^P\vith' the exception -of the German, are still alive."
"SHANGHAI, Thursday— I learn from an excellent source that, some of. the European survivors are leaving Peking."
NEW YORK, July 28.— The Tribune publishes the following:
"SHANGHAI, July 27.— To; the Tribune, New York: Peking reports Ministers alive. Safety assured. Allied forces'
pntmnrc Pekiiip 1 unnecessary " -I-I HUNG CHANG.
entrance i-eKing.unncccbs._«irv. . .
The San Francisco Call.
DESERTED BY
HIS GENERALS
FIGHT WAGES
SEVERAL HOURS
On June 16 the force was compeiiea
to fall back to Yang-tsun, from which
point, carrying the wounded In boats
on the Peiho,' it was' compelled to fight
its way back- toward. Tientsin, .until
met by' another column' coming to its
relief. '.. t ,
Admiral Seymour started/ from
Tientsin- June Id and returned June 27.BOSTON. July 27.— The American board
of commissioners for the foreign missions
to-day received a cablegram from Rev.
Henry B. Porter, a missionary of the
board, dated Ch£fu, July 23, containing
the words, "Peking alive."
Rev. Mr. Porter, who was stationed at
Pang Chuang. province of Shantung.
North China, escaped to Chefu after the
Boxer uprising. The cablegram con
tained only the two words. "Pekirg
alive," no intimation being given as to
the evidence on which the conviction
which -apparently prevailed at Chefu was
based.
"PEKING ALIVE" THE
WORD FROM PORTER
ble dispatch, in which Mr. Fowler said he
believed that only two foreigners were la
the Interior, both French.
The following dispatch has been re
ceived at the- State Department from
Consul General Goodnow at Shanghai,
dated July 27:
"An official telegram received here on
the 18th said all foreigners and many na
tive Christians had been killed at Taoting
and the mission burned— the Americans.
Sincox family, Taylor, Pekln, M13S Gould.
Morrili. The customs office reports dis
turbances at Yuan yesterday."
The cablegram Is much confused, but Is
given out exactly as received by the State
Department. It probably means that the
Americans who were killed comprised th<*
Sincox family, either a man or a woman
named Taylor, another named Perkins
and the Misses Gould and Morrili. Toa
tlng is about seventy-five miles southwest
of Peking.
WASHINGTON. July 27.— The Depart
ment of State is In receipt of a cable dis
patch from Consul Fowler at Chefu in
reply to one sent him asking for informa
tion of missionaries in China. Mr. Fowler
In his reply says only one missionary,
presumably French, is known to be In the
Interior of Hunan. At Shantung: only-
Americans are situated. Those not res
cued are the persons who went to Peking
belonging to the American Board of For
eign Missions, and are believed to b« Ar
thur Smith and wife, the Wyckoff sisters
and Chapin, his wife and two children.
Their names were given in a previous ca-
NEWS OF AMERICANS
IN INTERIOR CHINA
details of the Injury received by th<>
Oregon in striking upon a rock tn th»
Gulf of Pechill, Captain Wilde Is known
to have supplied some of these details.
They indicate that, although, the struc
tural strength of the great battleship i3
still intact, her Injuries were of an ugly
character. None of the longitudinal
frames were injured, but the vessel's
bottom was badly torn and some of her
pumping connections were broken. The
main Injury sustained was to compart
ment A, as It is technically known.
Captain Wilde, in his cable message of
several days ago. estimated that it would
require a few weeks to make temporary
repairs and at least four months to com
plete permanent repairs. The Navy
Department authorized Captain Wilda
to patch her up with temporary
repairs in order that she might
return to the Chinese coast for
service. These orders will stand, unless
after full consideration of the character
of Oregon's injuries by the bureau
chiefs at "Washington, it is desirous to
proceed immediately with* the necessary
permanent repairs.
WASHINGTON, July 27.-The Navy
Department to-day received the
following cablegram from Cap
tain Wilde, commander of tha
Oregon:
"KL'RE, July 26.— Secretary Navy.
¦Washington: Ship docked. Structural
strength intact. ... TVILDE."
While the dispatch. omits the technical
Four Months Would Be Re
quired for Permanent
Repairs.
Structural Strength of
the Battleship
Intact.
SUCCESSFUL
DOCKING OF
THE OREGON
Continued on Eighth Page.
PHILADELPHIA, July 27.— The steam
ship Bosnia of the Hamburg-American
line, lately Impressed by the German Gov
ernment to carry supplies to China for
the Kaiser's troops, left port to-day for
San Francisco. She has in her hold over
8000 tons of material, and when she
reaches the Pacific Coast, it Is said, she
will shin at least 1500 horses for the use
of the German cavalry in China.
SAILS FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 27.— The Rus
sian General Staff has received news from
Aigun, on the Amur River, of the burn
ing by Chinese of an encampment there
occupied by Russians.
Newspaper dispatches assert that Chi
nese troops have appeared in Russian ter
ritory within 100 versts of Stretinsk, on
the River Shllka.
It Is rumored that the forces of all tha
northern provinces will be mobilized on
a war footing.
RUSSIA MAKING BIG
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR
BERLIN. July 27.-A dispatch received
here to-day, dated Tientsin, July. 24. says:
"A messenger who, left Peking Sunday,
July 15, brought; to-day to the customs
office here news that Prince Chlng's
soldiers had - Leen fighting Prince Tuan'9
troops and had been defeated. The ' for
eigners were defending: themsel.ves In the
northern cathedral, near the fort liiside
the city." .
The China Inland Mission has two mis
sionaries stationed at Paoting, in the
province of Chi-li. which is just about
the same distance from Peking as is
Tientsin, but further inland. These mis
sionaries. Mr. and Mrs. Bagnall, and their
three children, have undoubtedly per
ished.
The North American Presbyterian
Board and the American Board of Mis
sions, the latter being mostly Congrega
tlonallsts, have also had workers at
Peking.
PRINCE CHING'S FORCE
DEFEATED BY BOXERS
TORONTO, Ontario, July 27.— The China
Inland Mission received the following
cablegram from Shanghai this morning:
"All missionaries murdered in Pao
ting-fu." . " ,.-; '.; -;•;
PARIS, July 27.— At the Cabinet Coun
cil to-day the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, M. Delcasse, stated that full powers
had been given the French Consuls in
China to take such measures as should
bo necessitated by the situation to insure
the protection of French subjects. Ac
cordingly as naval reserves arrive at
Taku naval vessels will be dispatched to
various points where their presence may
be deemed advisable.
The Consul at Kankow telegraphs to the
Foreign Office that two military stations
at Sze Chaun have been pillaged and the
Lazarist establishments at Yauchou,
province of. Klangsi. burned. The dis
patch adds that the Viceroys sponta
eously took measures to restore order.
ALL MISSIONARIES
IN PAOTING-FU SLAIN
EXTENDED POWERS
FOR FRENCH CONSULS
LONDON, July 2S.— The. Daily Express
has the following from Chefu, dated
July 27: "Four more British missionaries
have been murdered in the province of
Shansi. News from native Christian
sources say- that for eight days a general
massacre of foreigners has been in pro
gress In the province of Hunan and
Shansi. The Governor of Shantung has
wired the Consul here that he has pro
hibited the circulation of a proclamation
threatening native Christians with death
unless then renounce Christianity."
GENERAL MASSACRE
IN TWO PROVINCES
Eighteen missionaries have been massa
cred at Tungchau. General Sir Alfred
Gazel has started for Taku.
The Morning Post correspondent at Che
fu, wiring on Wednesday, says there Is
a rumor that Prince Chine rescued the
legations and conveyed them to a place
of safety.
The Shanghai correspondent of the Dai
ly Express asserts that three versions of
Sir Claude Macdonald's letter of July 6
are current there, and that It is believed
all three originated from Chinese sources.
He adds, however, that Li Hung Chang
says the legation party ought to reach
Tientsin on Sunday.
Thus, despite the daily alternation of
hopes and fears, the reiterated Chinese
assertions of the safety of the Ministers
fail to carry conviction and the decision
of the United States not to delay military
measures Is taken as the only possible
course to pursue. The Daily News says
that negotiations with Chinese authori
ties, If there be any in China, are useless.
It turns out that as early as July 12 an
appeal from the Empress of China to
Queen Victoria for mediation, dated July
13, was handed the Marquis of Salisbury,
and it Is understood other powers were
not communicated with until July 20.
tables Involves the conclusion that com
munication la not impeded by the Boxers.
mHE mysterious names appearing in
i the Chinese dispatches become fa
miliar enough when translated,
thus: Tung means,east; si. west: nan,
south; pel, north; while tsin, kin or
king stands for capital or metropolis,
as Jn Peking (northern capital) and
Nanking (southern capital). . Tien
means heaven, so Tientsin signifies
heavenly metropolis. Ho or kiang
means river, . eo Pel-ho is north river;
Si-kiafig, west river. Che "means seven,
so Che-kiang is seven rivers. Shan |
Is mountain, and Shan-tung, east '
mountain, and Shan-sl, west mountain. >
1'al is white, and Pai-shan, white ,
mountain. . ' . ' •
Hal Is \sea, and kwan stands for ¦
gate, so Hal-kwan (the maritime cus- ¦
toms) is Kate of the sea, and Shan- '
hai-kwan, mountain and sea gate.
Shang is a city, and Shanghai, city by '
the sea. Hoang Is yellow; Hoang-ho, '
yellow river, and Hoang-Hai, Yel- '
low Sea. Yang means ocean, , and •
Tse. son; hence the Yan«-tse.v River is •
son of the ocean, and Tien-tse, son of ¦
heaven. (the Emperor). Ku or kow Is '
a mouth or pass, and Ta, big or great, <
so Ta-ku means big mouth (of Pel- ,
Ho), '¦ while. Nan-kbw stands for south .
pass (from Mongolia). Hu Is a lake; .
ling, a hill; hslang, a village; hsien, •
a tax district. *
Fu is a prefecture; tai, a governor; .
tao, a circuit or group of admlnls- •
tratlve departments; so tao-tal la a •
governor of a circuit, and fu-tal is a *
governor of a prefecture. Chao or klao *
is a bridge; 11, a Chinese mile; pa, .
eight, and thus Pa-11-kiao Is the eight- .
mile bridge. Cho or chow Is a depot .
stopping place; hence Tung-chow, east- •
depot of Peking. Shen is a province,* '•
and Shen-6i is the western province. •
Yamen is a police station or official •
residence, and Hui, a secret society or •
clubl r Ts'lng means pure or clear, so •
Ts'ing-klang is clear river, while Ta-' •
Ts'lng means great pure (name of •
present dynasty), and Kwo being a' *
kingdom or empire, Ta-Ts' ing Kwo sig- *
nines the empire of the great pure *
(China). Ta-Mel-Ka is the name ap- ,
piled by the Chinese to the United .
States and means great America. •
«»j'^"M"I"I"I"I"W*'4 > v'H"H"M"H"t"H
NO MYSTERY IN
CHINESE NAMES
Celestial Jaw-Breakers That
Are Easy When You
Know How.
LONDON, July 2?, 4 a. m.— Lymdn J.
Gage's statement that there Is still
hope, but that it Is constantly di
minishing. Is held here to define ac
curately the Chinese situation. The
Chinese Minister In London, Sir Chih
Chen Lo Feng Luh, yesterday received a
telegram from Sheng, Director of Rail
ways and Telegraphs, to the effect that an
imperial decree In the following terms
was issued on July 2J:
"It is fortunate that all the foreign
representatives except Baron von Kette
ler are found in safety and unharmed.
Provisions in the shape of food stuffs,
vegetables and fruits will be supplied io
the legations in order to* show our cour
tesy."
The Morning Poet goes so far as to as
sert that there Is now direct communica
tion between the Chinese authorities in
Peking aro London, and that the Minis
ters are safe. However this may be, it
is certain that the attempts of the French,
Italian and other Consuls to get direct
replies from Peking have utterly failed,
and it Is pointed out that the ability to
supply the Jegations with fruit and vege-
BREMERHAVEN, July 27.— Part of the
German expeditionary force for China
sailed to-day on board three transports.
Emperor "William, accompanied by* two
of his sons and the Imperial Chancellor,
Prince Hohenlohe, witnessed the embars
ation of the expedition and delivered a
farewell address to the troops.
GERMAN TROOPS SAIL.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— Minister Wu
was quite elated this morning when in
formed that it was reported the surviving
members of the diplomatic corps were
being conducted to Tientsin by troops of
Jung Lu, commander in 1 chief of the Chi
nese forces. He said he would not be sur
prised to hear at any time of their arrival
at Tientsin. Minister Wu said he had re
ceived no news from China in the past
twenty-four hours. He did not expect to
visit the State Department unless he
heard from his country.
Minister Wu Elated.
HONGKONG, July 27.— Missionaries and
others who have arrived from Hoihow
are much concerned for the safety of for
eigners left behind in Hainan. They have
approached the American Consul here, R,
Wildman, with a view ¦ to sending the
cruiser Buffalo, which has just arrived,
to their assistance. The Consul is await
ing the arrival of a steamer which is ex
pected to-night before deciding. The
British cruiser Mohawk arrK'ed to-day
from Australia.
ASK FOR A WARSHIP.
Serial Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1W», by the Herald Pub
lishing: Company.
The' United States auxiliary cruiser
Buffalo and the British third-class cruiser
Mohawk have arrived here. '/ \ ¦¦¦;.
HONGKONG, July 27.— It is asserted
here that a Chinese transport now coal
ing at Canton is going to Shanghai to
bring Li Hung Chang back.
LI HUNG CHANG TO
RETURN TO CANTON
A telegram has been received here say
ing that the German Catholic missiona
ries in Shantung are still alive and that
six of them are in the interior.
First Lieutenant von Beorcke has been
sent to the United State? to purchase
horses for the China expeditionary forces.
The horses are "to be delivered at San
Francisco."*. Herr Lnhmann, a German
agent, has purchased 1300 Australian
horses for TFintau.
Ilerr von Brandt, former German Minis
ter to China, writing in the Deutsche Re
vue, warns Germany against seeking ter
ritorial gains in China, urging her to fol
low th*» example of the United States and
to confine her efforts to winning a large
part of the Chinese market.
From the detailed dispatches received
here from the < German commanders it is
clear that the lack of a chief commanded
during the Tientsin fight until July 14
proved very hampering and retarded the
capture of Tientsin several days, thus
causing much unnecessary bloodshed. The
Ocrman pre.s? expresses the hope that
the question of a commander in chief
will Boon be solved.
composing the army for volunteers to
serve in the second China corps.
Regarding the alleged intention to begin
the advance upon Peking within a week,
the Herman Government has no informa
tion. Some new hope that the legation
ers are alive has sprung up here, owing
t<? seypral circumstances pointing thiH
way. particularly the arrival of Baron
von Ketteler'? groom Rt Tientsin with
the statement ihat the Europeans in Pe
king were alive on July 9.
BERLIN'. July 27.— It Is reported that
Emperor William has written letters to
Queen Victoria, Emper.or Nicholas, Em
pr-ror Francis Joseph and King Humbert,
making a strong appeal on" !>ehalf of the
maintenance cf the harmony among the
powers against China, and dwelling
etrongly upon the solidarity of interests
BsainFt the "yellow peril" by which all
are threatened. The Vorwaerts, which
declares that the Kaiser is secretly pre
paring a much larger force, for China,
may* that this Is belngi brought about by
a second appeal within the regiments
NEW HOPE IN BERLIN
THAT MINISTERS LIVE
LONDON. .Ti:!v 27.— To-day's reports
fr<->rn Shanghai reiterate the alle
gation that the surviving members
of Ihe diplomatic corps have al
ready l^ft Peking on thrir way to
Tientsin, and add that the foreijrn
*rs are bHng escorted by troops <>f Jimp
I 'i. commander in chi^f of the rhincse
f trees.
Tliis movement I" 5 stated to be the out
come of very stormy interviews between
l.i Huns Chang and the foreign Consuls
and i<> have been taken jn the hope of
abating ;h» wrath of the powers and de
]?yin^ the advance of thev&llies toward
Peking.
Advifps received from the same source
Ftate <.h:jt half the foreigners in Peking
have r'k-il a<; the result of the privations
thty had undergone. Simultaneously
comes the following cable dispatch to the
Daily Mail:
"SHANGHAI- July 27.-A letter just re
r/h<"d here from Sir Claude Macdonald,
dated Peking. July G. follow*:
¦ 'V.'e are receiving no assistance from
the authorities. Three legations are still
Flandlnc. including the British. We also
hold part of Jhn r-ity walls. The Chinese are
{-hrllinjr us from the f-ity with three-inch
P'ln? and some smaller, and are sniping
us. V'o may be annihilated any day. Am
munition and food - are fhort. W> would
have perished by this time, only the Chi
neso are cowards, and bare no organized
I>!an of attack. If w« arc- not preyed we
may ho;d out for a fortnight longer;
otherwise four days at the utmost.
I anticipate only slight resistance to the
relief force.'
"Sir Claude concluded by advising the
relief for<e to approach by the eastern
pate or by way of the river.
. "The losses of the foreigners in Peking
up to July « were forty killed and eighty
wounded.**
Some of the statements given are >trik-
Jrijrly similar to the published version of
Sir Claude Macdonald's letter of
July 4. if not the same letter. The Chi
nt-F« artillery would appear to be inef
fective, i!5 the casualties wore the Fame
according to the letters of both dates.
As lending color to 'the suggestion that
the- communications are identical.' it may
be raid that the Belgian Foreign Office
this morning received a dispatch from
Shanghai, under to-day's date. mention-
Ing the receipt of a letter from Sir Claude
dated July 4, in which it was
Mated that the b^sicped foreigners In
TV king were reduced to horseflesh. The
rselgian Consul at Shanghai also reported
that a servant of the German Minister,
who left Peking on July ?, paid that the
British legation was only attacked at
r.!ght and If resupplied he believed it
could hold out.
In missionary circles at' Shanghai, ac
cording to a djppatch received here to
day, it has been learned that all the
missionaries at Panting, In "the province
of Pechill, have been murdered. All the
people of the mission at Amoy, province
of Fukien, are reported well.
London Paper Goes So Far as to
Assert That the Ministers
Are Safe.
PENDULUM SWINGS
TOWARD HOPE'S SIDE
(From a photograph sent to Supervisor W. N. McCarthy of San Francisco by his brother-in-law, A. F. Chamot, now in Peking.)
In the foreground is shown a section of the canal which runs from north to south through .the Tartar city. The gate Is the one always used by any for
eigners who were allowed to walk through the grounds. The higher part of the wall to the left of the gate, which Is more than ten feet thick, Is Just like that
surrounding the compound of the British legation, which served for so long a time as a defense for the foreigners gathered within.
In taking the picture the photographer placed his instrument directly in front of the gate of the British legation. The occasion was the funeral of a man
darin w r ho died within the palace and whose bier, which required sixty coolies to carry, Is shown before the, wall to the left of the grate. . " ; .
INCLOSING WALL AND ENTRANCE OF THE PALACE OPPOSITE THE BRITISH LEGATION AT PEKING,
Discussed at Cabinet Meeting.
A special Cabinet meeting was held in
Secretary Hay's office this morning. The
Secretary of State, fresh from his per-
It is not known at present just how this
last proposition reached the State Depart
ment. It is inferred that It came from
Chinese sources, but all are believed to be
traceable to JA Hung .Chang. Mr. :Good
now, who is Consul General at Shanghai,
Is the nearest United States official to LI,
and has acquitted himself so well up to
this point that the State Department does
not hesitate to make free use of him as
a diplomatic agent. Therefore it may be
Interesting for the foreign contingent at
Shanghai, which has complained against
Mr. Goodnow's intercourse with LI Hung
Chang, to know that the Consul General
is acting In strict accordance with the in
structions of the State Department. Sec
retary Hay has cabled him to put himself
into communication with JDarl LI and ob
tain as much as possible 'that Chinese of
ficial's influence in securing the objects
plainly stated in the Identical note. It docs
not follow that the United States Is bound
to accept without question any statement
by Earl LI.
The State Department required that the
Ministers at Peking be put Into communi
cation with their Governments, and the
most significant condition of all was that
the Chinese authorities co-operate with
the relief expedition for the liberation of
the legations. Until these two things are
done the State Department absolutely re
fuses to be led into any arrangement look
ing to the mitigation of the punishment
of the Chinese Government, such as the
abandonment of the expedition to Peking.
Secretary Hay's decision to decline the
last Chinese proposition was based upon
his determination to adhere strictly to
the conditions laid down in the reply to
the Chinese Emperor's appeal.
State Department's Policy.
At no time. It is said, has the State De
partment allowed the belief that the for
eign Ministers at Peking were alive to In
terfere in the slightest degree with the
prosecution of Its military plans for reach
ing Peking. On the contrary, the news
that the Ministers were alive was accept
ed by the State Department not as con
veying absolute certainty but as an addi
tional reason for hastening the relief col
umn forward to Peking. Jt was the de
partment's contention that even though
a degree of improbability surrounded the
Chinese news as to the stata of affairs in
Peking, yet every consideration of hu
manity and policy demanded that It
should he given careful consideration and
that it should be acted upon as if true,
provided that action went to the relief of
the foreign Ministers and did not' operate
ro prevent the consummation of any of
the objects laid down in Secretary Hay's
identical note. The department Is abso
lutely satisfied that its attitude was per
fectly correct and that even European
critics will in time admit that fact.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— Secretary
Hay signalized his return to
Washington this morning by the
announcement that under no cir
cumstances would the Government accept
the Chinese offer to turn over the foreign
Ministers to the internationals at Tien
tsin in consideration of a suspension of
the campaign against Peking. A long
cablegram was dispatched to-day to Rear
Admiral Remey .-it Taku, and it is believed
that this instruction was laid upon him.
The State D^bartment claims to be pur
suing an entirely consistent course in this
decision. The officials point out that all
of the bitter criticism in the European pa
pers directed against the United States'
policy is based upon a total misunder
standing of the fundamental principles
which have governed the actions of the
department.
sonal intercourse with the President, was
in a position to advise his colleagues of
the administration's purpose and the
whole Chinese situation was discussed.
Besides Secretary Hay there were pres
ent Secretary Gage, Postmaster General
Smith and Secretary Root.
The meeting was given over to general
interchange of opinions and views. Sec
retary Itay laid before the members the
latest irVormation he had received, in
cluding a dispatch from Consul General
Goodnow at Shanghai.
The Government has received informa
tion, presumably from Admiral Remey,
that the number of allied troops, In Tien
tsin is 28,000. The movement of the troops
from Tientsin to Peking, Secretary Root
says, would depend upon the arrival and
mobilization of troops of other nations
now on the. way to Taku. He said It would
be impossible for the United States force,
small as it is, to go alone. It Is further
stated that all the United States troops
that coula possibly be spared had been
ordered to China.
This Government, presumably, is still
accepting in good faith the representa
tions made by Minister Wu, Our officials
figure that two days; must elapse before
an answer can be received from Minister
Conger (presuming he is still alive) to the
last code message sent him. In the mean
time they are bending very energy to get
tln? all % the men they can into China and
to co-operate with the allied forces In the
forward movement.
Will Not Suspend Military Opera
tions on Promise of Safety
for Ministers.
CHINESE PROPOSAL
REJECTED BY HAY
Foreigners Still Held Out Despite
Heavy Losses but Feared
Annihilation.
NEWS OF LEGATIONS
UP TO JULY SIXTH
T T TAPHINOTOX. July 27.^-E^-er since
\/\ / th ° receipt at Tientsin of the au
\ V tograph rn^ss.ipe from Mr. Con
ger»-dated Peking.- July 4. the
State Department rffiriais have had grave
riouhts s? to the authenticity of the cipher
rncsfa^re attributed to him. dated Poking,
.lu!v I s ;. Thore have been many little .«='de-
Ifphts »-.n thi.-= message that afford jrrounds
f«ir Biisptdoni and now the British have
r,<1ijpd their qu^ia to the growing distress
of things Chinese. It s?cms tliat a Mr.
Warren,; st present acting as British Con
hjI at Shanghai, has been told by Shenp.
ih r - famous <*liiiipse Director of Posts and
THrcraphs. that Yuan, the Governor of
Shantung, told him (Sheng) that a mes
rape had passed through t<"> the United
Btatea from Minister Conger on the ISth
if July telling of the conditions at the
I'ritish Icpaiion. This cipher dispatch
was "Caked" by Chinese officials.
[ Tt i? pointed out at the State Dopart
j mcnt, however, that fiore are plausible
I explanations of this curious fact which
j tend to show the authenticity of the
j cipher 'dispatch. Secretary Hay cabled
i Mr. Cooper that he might have implicit
• faith in the person who brought the dls
] patch to him. Mr. Conger therefore had
i a rijrht to trust the man. and possibly h«
I told him in a general way the contents of
I the dispatch. In case the messenger should
i be obliged to destroy it to insure his own
j safety. However that may t>e, the British
j Government has thought Mr. Warren's
| report worthy the attention of our own
i Government.
Two cablegrams from Admiral Remey
| bearing' on the proposed advance on Pe
: king were discussed by the Cabinet to
' day. In a dispatch received yesterday Ad
\ miral Remey said that on Monday there
were 2S.00t> troops at Tientsin available for
an advance on -Peking.
/^ALL'BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
/ TOX. July 27. — Secretary Hay is reluctantly coming to
the conclusion that the alleged message from Minister Conger
was a forgery, and that all the Ministers in Peking are probably
dead. This opinion, which, is' shared bv manv officials, has
been reached m only the last two or three days and by degrees,
and it is believed that the messages to-day from Consul General
Goodnou* contained .information which went to crystallize the
growing doubt 01 Minister Conger s satetw
It was admitted at the State Department to-dav that a copy
of the department cipher code was missing and that that -copy
was in the possession of the Chinese Government. At the same
time it was explained that there was not an old code and a new
code, but that the code in use in China was different from that
1
in use between this country and the Consuls in Europe. In the
latter the keyword changes frequentlv. while in the former it
never changes. This fact and the discovery that the missing
copy is now in China lead officials to believe that there are great
chances in tavor of the Conger dispatch of July 18 proving a
Special Dispatch to the Call.
Cipher Code Stolei) prom
the State Department
I^nown to Be in the Pos
session of the Chinese.
SECRETARY HAY NOW BELIEVES THE ALLEGED
MESSAGE FROM MINISTER CONGER WAS A FORGERY
A million of dollars are scent every year up
on tbe game of baseball, but large as this turn
is. it cannot begin to equal the amount spent
by people in search of health. There Is a sure
method of obtaining strength, and It Is not a
costly one. We urge those who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hostetter"s Stomach
Bitters. It strengthens the stomach, makes
digestion easy and natural, and cures dyspep
sia, constipation, biliousness and weak kid*
neys. _
Millions tor Baseball.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1900
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Just a Little
Out of Sorts
That Is the way many serious trpubles
begin. The stomach gets a little out of
order. Is neglected, and chronic dyspepsia
follows. The blood becomes a little lia-
pure. as occasional pimples testify, and In
time'a long array of blood diseases attack
the system. It Is safest to cure these trou-
bles at once by thoroughly purifying the
blood with Hood's Sarsaparilla. It main-
tains the health and cures disease.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Price. H-
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Men,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
PEERLESS OIL COMPANY
IS PREPARED TO SUPPLY
FUEL OIL
By tH* carload. In any quantity, at any rail-
road station.
Address Room 47,*Elghth Floor, Mills Build.
ic£. San Francisco.Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 27.— Mr. and Mrs.
John M. Slovonsky. charged with
blackmail by Capitalist A. R. Malnes,
were before Justice Austin this morn-
Ins- with their attorneys and had their
preliminary examination postponed until
August 7 at 9:30 o'clock, as they were not
ready to proceed with the hearing. The
Slovonskys appeared in court accompanied
by their son. They seem' to have recov
ered from their excitement. Under the
advice of their attorneys they refuse to
dismiss their affairs. The * Slovonskys
have evidently changed their minds regard-
Ing a speedy trial of. the case. Attorney
lleserve said some days ago that the case
would not take more than fifteen . min
utes, and that it would result In favor of
his clients. To-day he told the court the
examination, would consume the greater
part ot ow da*-.
CAPITALIST A. R. MAINES, WHO ACCUSES THE SLOVONSKYS.
Some weeks ago the Los Angeles capitalist caused the arrest of Mr. and
Mrs. John M. Slovonsky. on the charge of 'blackmail, claiming, that he was
the victim of a "badger game," and that Slovonsky at the point of a pistol
forced him to sign two notes for large sums. ,
ALLEGED BLACKMAILERS
OF LOS ANGELES IN COURT
SALOONS OR NO SALOONS,
THE ISSUE IN MILL VALLEY
Question of Incorporating the Town
Is the Cause of a Lively
Contest.
Special Dlr^atch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 27.— A lively con
test is in progress in Mill Valley between
those in favor of incorporation and those
against it. The liquor question is the real
issue upon which the fight is being made.
When lots were first sold in the town a
provision was incorporated in the deeds
prohibiting the sale of liquor on the land.
The matter was afterward carried to the
courts and a decision was made that the
prohibitory provision in the deeds was
void. Since that time the anti-liquor peo
ple have been arranging a plan of cam
paign to carry through the incorporation
of the place. If the anti-liquor people can
carry the election for incorporation they
will stand a. good show to elect an anti
saloon Board of Trustees. All of the busi
ness men down town are opposed to in
corporation and most all the residents on
the hills are In favor of it. At the elec
tion of a School Trustee some weeks ago
the two factions locked horns and the
anti-incorporators elected their man by a
small majority. Although the election
will not take place until the 25th of Aug
ust the two factions are making an active
canvass. Every man is being buttonholed
and a determined effort is being made to
swell the ranks of the contending parties.
?—
CHATJTAUQUA'S BUSY DAY.
Closing of Assembly Classes and
•Business Sessions at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 27.— This has
been a busy day for Chautauquans, for It
marked the closing of all assembly classes
and the final business session of the
Chautauqua year.
The first hour of the public session was
devoted to a lecture on "The Planting of
Shade Trees," by Professor J. B. Davil
of the department of forestry In the Uni
versity of California.
This afternoon Alllton L. Lawrence of
San Jose gave an exemplification of his
work in training a children's chorus ac
cording to the lomlins method by a chil
dren's concert. A chorus of 100 children
rendered most of the programme.
To-night President Benjamin Ide Wheel
er of the University of California ad
dressed the assembly.
Chautauqua olllcers elected to-day are:
President— The Kev. Dr. E. McCIIsh of San
Jose.
Vice Presidents— The Rev. Dr. H. N*. Bevler
of San Francisco, the Rev. Dr. Robert Bentley
of Berkeley, C. L. Anderson, II. D., of Santa
Cruz; Mrs. M. II. Field of San Jose, Dr. J. II.
Wythe of Oakland.
General Secretary end Treasurer— Mrs. E. J.
uawson oi snn Jose.
Superintendent of Instruction—The Rev. Dr.
Thomas Filben of Pacific Grove.
Curator—Miss M. E. B. Norton of Pacific
Grove.
Bxecutlve Committee—The Rev. Dr. J. W.
Dlnsmore of San Jose. Professor Charles E.
Cox of Stanford University, Lucy M. Washburn
of San Jose, Jennie M. Farwell of Saratoga, Dr
C. H. Buckle of Oakland. Professor J. Keep
of Mills College. Frederick Maar of Redwood
City, Mrs. A. J. Garrlg-us of Santa Clara, Mrs.
T. Kirk of San Jose, John Ivey of Monterey,
Professor Burtt Davie of the University oi
California. ,
Gov. Smith Will Protect Japanese.
HELENA, Mont., July 27.—Takagi, the
Japanese Vice Consul at Tacoma. Is here
to investigate the recent troubles between
the-Japanese and the whites along the
lines of the Northern Pacific and the
Montana Central, on which the Japanese
were employed as section hands. Gov
ernor Smith assured him that he would
extend protection and would recommend
to r the Sheriffs of the different counties
that they see tbat further terrorizing of
the Japanese is punished. Mr. Takael left
satisfied that there would be no repetition
of the persecutions.
Announces the Course of Lectures
That He Will Offer During the
Coming Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 27.—
Stanford students in economics will be
gratified to learn that it has been defi
nitely decided that Burt Estes Howard
will occupy the position of assistant pro
fessor of civics at the university during
the coming year, j This appointment was
made over a year ago, and a year's leave
of absence was granted Professor Howard
that he might pursue advanced study in
his special line of work at Harvard, pro
fessor Howard in an Interview stated
that he would offer the following courses
of lectures during the coming year: Course
3a, "English Economic History," two
hours, both semesters; course 11, "Amer
ican Politics," two hours, both semesters;
course 12. "Government," two hours, both
semesters.
Professor Howard received the degree
of A. B. at Western Reserve University
in 1SS3. and the degree of A. M. in 1S86.
After graduating from the Lane Theo
logical Seminary in 18S6 he was pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church at Bay
City, Mich., for four years, and later oc
cupied the pulpit of the First Presbyterian
Church at Cleveland, Ohio, for two years.
At the time of his recent appointment he
was pastor of the Los Angeles Presby
terian church. He has attained great
prominence as a student and lecturer on
economic, social and civic problems.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Special Dlsr>atch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 27.-.A postofflce
has been established at Ethanac, River
side County, Cal., and JohnGaston ap
pointed postmaster.
Postmasters appointed — California—
Rector, Napa County, C. A. R. Hundel,
vice M. C. Taber, resigned; Oregon, Croy,
Gilliam County, F. C. Doerfer, vice J. j.
Basn, resigned. ;
Pensions issued— California— Original—
Emory Hiiggs, Santa Paula, $6; William
K. Estes. San Francisco, $8. Additional —
Hezekiah Dow. San Francisco, $10. In
crease—Simon Gugenheimer, San Fran
cisco, $S; DeWItt C. Kenyon. "Ventura. $12
War with Spain — Original — Hermann
Stelnhagen, San Francisco. $6; Richard J.
Jantzen, San Francisco, $17. Widows —
Victoria H. Doty, Chico, $12.
Oregon— Original— William R. Parker.
Zion, $S; Abner R. Bradney, Eagle Point.
$12. Reissue and Increase — William Coe,
Newberg, $10.
Washington— Original— Anson Burlln
game, Soldiers' Home, Orting, $6; Ed
ward F. Richmond, Auburn. $8. Addi
tlonaJ—Anthony P. Carr. Macklln, $6;
Joseph W. M. Leonard, Lebam, $S. In
crease—Oliver IL Briggs, Ballard,.$S.
»
TWO SERIOUS ACCIDENTS.
Laborer at Keswick and a .Woman at
Bedding Terribly Injured.:- CvN
Special DIsratch to The Call.
KESWICK. July. 27.— John Brannon re
ceived probably fatal Injuries at the matte
roasters here to-day. ' A premature ex
plosion of dynamite sent flying. pieces of
calcined matte into hi3 face and through
one of his lungs. Both his eyes were put
out and his chesfwas crushed in. "It is
thought he cannot recover.. The dynamite
was probably exploded by the heat from
the roasting pile of matte.
REDDING, July 27.— Mrs. Fred Semple.
a well-to-do colored. widow living at Kes
wick, was perhaps fatally injured late
this afternoon by the explosion of a gaso
line lamp. She was terribly burned about
the face and .body. The blazing oil set
fire to th^,house. but the flames were ex
tinguished by neighbors.
PROF. HOWARD TO TEACH
¦ CIVICS AT STANFORD
day's exercises was a lecture by Mrs.
Mary li. Lewis, who has been conducting
the parliamentary law drills. So much
interest was manifested in the course of
child study, as conducted by Miss Mary
B. Schaffe'r. assisted by Miss Jean Lang
ley, that the management of the Chau
tauqua was asked to make a feature of
this department next year.
ENID. O. T.. July 27.— Major ?T. B. Cramp
of thi« city was run down and killed by a train
at a crossing 1 last night. Ha was prominent
In politics. He had two sons In tho army in
Cuba who have Juat been ordered to China, and
has a daughter who is a missionary tn China.
PET ALUM A. July 27.— Roy Church, the youngest son of the late Rancher Church, who was shot and killed In Two nocks
Valley a week ago by Trader James E. King, has set out on a mission of vengeance. He intends to hunt and run down
the murderer of his father.
King, the slayer, has so far eluded the Sheriffs of Marin and Sonomacounties and their posses, so young Church has
decided to take the trail, and, armed with a rifle and plenty of ammunition, he has started for the redwood forests In
Western Sonoma County, believing that King has fled in that direction. Church is a dead shot, and if he runs down King
will bring him in dead or alive.
Sheriff Taylor is dividing his time between the Marin hills and the section west of Sebastopol. It Is reported that
King ate breakfast at Jansen's Hotel at Sebastopol Tuesday, and that he then went toward the coast, which is patrolled
by deputies.
SANTA ROSA, July 27.— Fugitive James E. King Is still at large. The officers' have lost his trail, ilrs. King, who,
since Sunday, had been staying at a hotel in this city, left yesterday for her little ranch in the hills back of Skaggs
Springs. To-day Walter and Roy Church, sons of the late pioneer whose death King accomplished, were in this city.
Through Sheriff Grace they offered a reward of $200 for King's arrest and $75 for any information that will lead to his ar
rest.
SON OF MURDERED RANCHER CHURCH
RUNNING DOWN HIS FATHER'S SLAYER
Election of the lien Who Will Draft
a Charter to Be Voted On
in November.
Special Disaatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 27.— A municipal
election was held here to-day for the pur
pose of choosing fifteen freeholders, who
will draft a new city charter. Only about
15 per cent of the total vote of the city
was polled. The ticket presented was a
non-partisan one, containing twe.niy-three
name?, and resulting in the election of the
following:
John R. Haynes. John R. Mat hews V." A
Ppaiaing. J. B. MillarJ, X. P. Conrev Octa
vlus Morgan. J. A. Anderson. A. \V. 'Hutton.
Jacob FrankenfieM. F. M. Parker. Shermon
Page. A. it. Mo(^tch<v>n. H. J. Colvear H U
WiKblre, Harry Chandler.
This board will organize next week and
frame the new charter within ninety
days. This is to be submitted to the vot
ers in November.
Long Beach Chautauqua Closes.
j^j.nu beach, July 57.— After a suc
cessful session of nearly two weeks, the
Chautauqua Assembly here closed this
evening with a grand concert. Mrs. Lnu
V. Chapin lectured to-day, speaking
about the power of culture to develop
the life and resources of mankind if
properly applied. A feature of the last
LOS ANGELES CITIZENS
CHOOSE FREEHOLDERS
TWO THOUSAND VOLTS
THROUGH HIS BODY
X.os Angeles Lineman Comes in Con
tact With a Live Wire and
Escapes Death.
Er*cial Dlsratch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 27.— Howard E.
Edwards, a lineman employed by the Edi
son Electric Company, had a narrow
escape from death this morning", receiv
ing a shock of 2000 volts.
Edwards was at work on a thirty-five
foot i'cle at the corner of Second street.
and Grand avenue splicing wires. There
are a number of heavy wires on this pole
and those on which Edwards was work
ing were "dead." There were two other
vires carrying- 500 volts each on the same
level and or.e above him a foot or two
carrying- a current of 2000 volts, a point
cf which "was hanping down. Suddenly
there was a sharp report, like that of a
revolver, and Edwards fell across the
wires, dangling thirty-five feet above the
ground. His associates lowered Ed
vrards to the ground. af;erward removing
him to the Receiving Hospital. Here he
recovered \vorxsciousness, and with the ex
ceflQon of a slight abrasion on the r.ose
has no mark to :-how that he sustained a
thock of 20*) volts.
SIX TOIES UNDER ARREST.
Tribulations cf the Secretary of an
Arizona Copper Company.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July. 27.— The ereat
Cobre Grande Copper Company contro
versy bai again ccmo before the public
by the arrest cf Secretary J. Henry Wood
at Benson, charjre-d with being a fugitive
from Justice. He was released on bonds
to-day. This '.s the sixth time Wood has
been arrested on like charges in Texas.
Mexico arid Arizona. The arrests prew
out of the Cobre Grande trouble, which is
now in the Mexican Supreme and Arizona
DistrlU Courts. The difficulty arose from
a dispute over the shipment of copper
from Mf xico to El Paso, and W. C.
Greene h»ads th* faction opposing that
led by Wood. Grecr.p is the direct cause
of the secretary's various arrests, which
occur whenever Wood ventures into Co
chise County.
SAN JOSE ERYAN CLUB.
Democrats cf the Gaiden City Or-
ganize for the Campaign.
EjxL-tio! Dittjatch to Th<» rail.
SAN JOSK. July 'SI.— Democrats of this
city organized this evening for active
work during the camjiaiim under the
rampof "First Bryan Club of San Jone."
Ther«?> was p rood attendance and con
siderable enthu?ia.=m. A constitution and
l«y-law.« were adopted and rolls will be
;it '¦!:'<> circulated for m^mbt-rFhip. At a
ro*»t-tJnR to be hold Monday night plans
for tbe campaign work will be outlined.
The officers of the club are:
President, W. H. Johnson: first vice
pr«-Fidt-r!t, Cl<»m Barnett: spcond vice
Tir«=-Fid>'r.t, Have Hurnett; recortiinp; secre
larv. T. W. Carroll; financial secretary.
K. P. Hex: tr^i. K ur«-r, I* A. Spitzer; ser
gv;ant-at-arm5. K. J- Crandall.
the Pleiades.
LOCATION OF NEW COMET.
It Is Now About Ten Degrees West of
GENEVA, N. Y., July 27.— Dr. Brooks,
director of Smith Observatory, secured
another observation of the recently dis
covered comet this morninjr in the east
cm leavens. Its position v.as right ascen
tion 2 hours 46 minutes 3) seconds: declin
ation north. 21 d«'j?rees j minute, with mo
tion north of nearly three degrees dally.
The cornet is now about ten degrees west
of ihe Pleiades.
COAST NEWS BRIEFLY TOLD.
SANTA Olirz, July 27.— The Ear.ta Cruz
Board, of Trade ha? Irf-on Incorporated. The
dir»-otor«5 ere: ll. C Clark J. F*. Ooor**. F- A.
lilhn. C. J. Lincoln, J. J. Iveonard, S. I>eask
and H. 1Z. Irish.
* f-ANTA Cnrz, July 27.— Court Sequoia has
conrni^noed "in makn tjre>>arations for the
Grand Court of the Independent Order of Kor
«"6icr». that will convene In this city during
the week ccmmrnclnK- October 9. There will
be lx-tv/een thrte an.j four hundred delegates.
LOS ANOKLTJS. July 27.— CongrCHsmBn L). B.
Hendfrson of Iowa, aceompani«<J by his wife.
f«oii and daughter, arrived l»»re from San Fran
cifco this aft<»rn«on. A committee from Los
Angelfs, with O.nKrt-RFman Waters at it* head,
m^t the ttarty at J-ausus and offered them the
hospitality of I^js Ang^iw. The. party will
leave lor Caror.a -io to-r:;orrow.
Sudden Death of a Farmer.
FACRAMKXTO. July 27.— Judpo Han-
Ion, one of th*; oldest and wealthiest
farmers 'of Sacramento County, was
found dead in a corral on his ranch near
Har.Rtown Croeslnpr lat>t ovening. It is
presumed that h*> f«-Il from a wapon while
trying to rearrange the load which he
intended to bring into the city this morn
ing. Coronrr MrMuIl*n has gor.e to tne
r&xich to hold an inquest.
ploye of the Southern Pacific Company.
He was the sergeant-at-arms in the Sen
ate at the last session of the Legislature.
Another member of the old board whose
term has expired is Raleigh Barcar (Dem
ocrat) of'Vacavllle. No one has yet been
appointed to succeed him, but it is stated
that J. B. Hutchinson of Xapa, a prom
inent attorney and politician, who
stumped the State for Governor Gage tn
the last campaign, will be appointed.
It is rumored that in the near future
agers of the State Hospital for the In
sane at Stockton, to succeed Joseph Stef
fens of Sacramento (term expired), was
announced this afternoon by Governor
Gage. It occasioned some surprise here
as Mr. Steffens had retained the place
under successive administrations, . irre
spective of political complexion. Mr. Stef
fens is a stalwart Republican and a
banker of prominence. He was asked to
night if he jwould make a statement.
fc "No," said Mr. Steffens. "I have nothing
to say. I consider Mr. Langrldge's ap-
I pointment a good one."
NEW MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF MANAGERS OF THE STATE
HOSPITAL FOR THE INSANE AT NAPA.
Sr«c!al Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, July 27.— Dr. E. Z. Hennessey
of Napa and J. Louis Martin cf
Vallejo, the new members of the
board of managers of the State
Hospital for the Insane at Napa, will take
their seats in the board at its meeting
to-morrow.
Dr. Hennessey, succeeding II. H. Harris
(Democrat), who is the president of the
board, has for many years been prom
inent in Republican politics in Xapa
County. He was a delegate to the Repub
lican State Convention of 1S3S, and later
was appointed the Napa County member
of the State Central Committee. Dr.
Hennessey has been Xapa County Phy
sician for many years, is president of the
Napa City Board of Health and the Coun
ty Board of Health and is also the South
ern Pacific's local physician. Dr. Hen
nessey has been the Governor's adviser in
mattors regarding Republican politics i:t
the county.
J. Louis Martin, the other new ap
pointee to the board, succeeds Bank Com
missioner A. N. Barrett, who recently re
signed. .Mr. Martin has long been an em-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B.. C. July 27.— The cut
worm Is doing terrible damage in the
lower mainland of British Columbia and
the central part of Washington State.
Alderman Grant of this city returned to
night from Chilliwack, the center of the
Fraser Valley farming district, and he
says that hundreds of acres have been
devastated. Fields of peas and potatoes
have been destroyed and some of the
largest ranches have practically been
ruined. The grain and hay crops have not
been affected and are in exceedingly good
shape. J. R. Anderson, Deputy Minister
of Agriculture, to-day issued a circular
telling of the methods of destruction by
the pests. The cutworms are nocturnal
in their habits and have to be treated by
paris green and poisoned baits, several
hundred Japanese are being employed on
farms on the lower Fraser River picking
off the worms by lantern-light at night,
and small crops are in this way being
saved in some cases.
CALIFORNIA BAPTISTS
TO MEET AT TWIN LAKES
Details of the Daily Programme of
the Assembly in Santa Cruz
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 27.-The Twin
Lakes Baptist Assembly will convene on
Sunday at Twin Lakes with a Sunday
school rally. • «
The programme for this year opens on
Sunday with a Sunday school rally. There
will be a boys' and girls' class, conducted
by the Rev. D. P. Ward, every morning
at 9 o'clock. At 10 o'clock the "Beacon
Lights, in American • Literature will be
taken up, as follows:
The Concord writers— Emerson. Thoreau.
The Cambridge authors— Longfellow, Lowell,
H *me7lcan novellsts-Brockden. Brown. Fen
imore Cooper. W. D. « owell3 < TarD . arpt Teller
American women writers-Marsaret Fuller.
Harriet Beecher Stowe. Elizabeth Stuart
Phelj'S. «•
At 11 o'clock each day there will be lec
tures on "Aspects of the Life of Jesus,
••Acts of Jesus." "Words of Jesus' 1
"Friende of Jesus." "Foes of Jesus" and
Tn SeSSJnS therfwih be divine ser-
V On S "saturday and Sunday the annual ral-
Iv ot the Baptfst Young People's Society
will be held. The speakers at the assem
bly are to be:
The Rev. Thomas Baldwin. T>.T>.. the Rev.
A £5 Banks D.D.. the Rev. E. R- Bennett, the
Re,? A P Brown, the Rev. Charles Carroll,
the Rev. W. C. Driver, the Rev. G. E. Dye,
Mrs B. F. Farmer, the Rev. \V L. Gcston. the
Rev. E. H. Hayden. the Rev. CM. H 111, .the
Rev. C. H. Hobart. Professor Oliver Martin
Johnston, the Rev. A. M. P||ty. f rank S mlth.
D. P. Ward. Professor A. . H. V>2J-£ e *«*•
Robert Whitaker. the Rev. E. A. Woods. D.D..
the Rev. T. S. Young.
The directors of the assembly are:
D. P. Ward. Robert Whltaker.E. R. Ben
nett. T. B. Holmes. M.D.. A. B . Banks D. D. .
E. H. Hayrten. A. P. Brown. G.V. . Dtsher, T.
S Young. S. G. Adams, B. F. Fanner.
SCORPION'S STING FATAIi.
Los Angeles Contractor Succumbs to
Venomous Insect's Poison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 27.-<5eorge
Shurtz, a member of the firm of Shurt2
& Dawspn. well-known contractors of
Los Angeles, died In Fullerton at 3 o'clock
this morning in terrible agony from the
sting of a scorpion or spider. He was
bitten vesterday at 10 o'clock and im
mediately sought medical aid. Everything
possible was done to save him. but.with
out avail. He seemed from the first to
think that his injury would result fatally
and wanted his partner, the members of
his family and his friends- sent for. biu
those about him tried to Persuade him
that his Injury amounted to nothing a.jcl
that to Fend for his friends would only
cause useless alarm. Last evening, how
ever he grew rapidly worse and died at
? o'clock this morning.
Shurtz was In charge of the construc
tion of the Masonic building here. Hs
lived with his wife and grown daughter
at Twcntv-second street and \ ermont
avenue in this city. He was a native of
Ohio and a man of fine physique.
BURGLARS TRY TO CRACK
A SAFE AT MARYSVILLE
They Damage the Strong Box, but
Are Frightened Away Before
„ Opening the Door.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JIARYSVILLE, July 27.— Burglars made
a bold attempt to crack the safe In the
office of the Empire Foundry last night.
The combination lock of the strong box
was broken off with a heavy hammer and
the safe almost ruined with chisels and
punches. The burglars were frightened
away, and they escaped before the police
were notified. During the work one of
the robbers was hurt, evidently by the
sledgehammer striking his hand. Several
towels and the floor were covered with
blood The cracksman's job was identical
to that upon the wrecked safe in
the Yuba City railway station on the pre
vious night. A great number of ex-con
victs and hard characters and encamped
along the river bottom near town, and It
may be that some of these are concerned
in the burglaries.
Alpha Will Stay in Foreign Waters.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 27.— To avoid
threatened seizure by the United States
authorities for violating the American
Treasury regulations In illegally landing
freight at Nome last May. the owners of
the Canadian steamer Alpha will keep
this Vancouver ship out of American wat
ern. Although the owners claim that the
libel, against- the Alpha was wrongfully
levied, they have decided to put her in
Canadian coasting trade, out of harm's
way. She left this afternoon for Fraser
River, where she will load tin and lead
for Skeena River, returning with a careo
of salmon. She will keep carefully with
in the three-mile limit.
British Columbia Ranches Arc
Being Denuded by the Pest
That Destroys Crops
1 at Night!
CUTWORM PLAGUE
DESCENDS UPON
NORTHERN FARMS
Cunsumers of Ice Decide That
They Will Build Their Own
Plant and Save
Profits.
SAN JOSE WILL
SOON CURB THE
HAUGHTY ICEMAN
Epedal Dispatch to Th» CalL
SAX JOSE, July 27.— The Iceman of San
Jose Is not to have things his own way,
although in the sweltering past he has
reaped a rich harvest. Competition In the
shape of a Consumers" Ice Comsany Is
being organized by the large buyers of
this city, made up of icecream and candy
men, druggists and saloon men. These
buy ice by the ton and they have come to
the conclusion they are being mulcted.
When there was a competition company
in town Ice sold for $5 and $6 per ton, ac
cording to the amount used. Now it is
$10 and $12. Consumers consider JS a fair
price to pay, but the icemen maintain
their price Is not exorbitant, owing to the
demand during this hot weather. Local
consumers have met and are forcnlns a,
company to operate a plant on the co-od
erative plan. At first only the stockhold
ers will be supplied, but it 13 .said a plant
will soon be extended and an Ice war com
menced. Contracts for five years will be
entered into by the stockholders. Nego
tiations are pending with San Francisco
manufacturers of ice machines, and build-
Ings will be erected. The stockholders ex
pect to secure ice at about one-half of
the price asked by the icemen.
PASSING OF THE PIONEERS.
"WOODLAND, July 26.— William "Wish
art, a well-known pioneer, died at his
home In this city to-day at the age of 81
years. He came to California in 1S49 and
settled in Yolo County, where he was
well known and highly esteemed. He was
a «ratlve of New York.
LOS ANGELES, July 27.— Colonel T. F.
Marley. a capitalist and architect of this
city, died to-day of typhoid fever at his
apartments in the Milton House. Colonel
Marley formerly lived in St. Louis and In
Nashville. Three years ago he was
divorced and his former wife Is now in
New York. His two daughters are on
the stage.
PETALUMA, July 27.— Albeit Kelly, a
pioneer of Sonoma County, died this
afternoon after a lingering illness. He
came to Petaluma In 1S63 and has resided
here ever since. He leaves a wife, son
and daughter. He was a native of Ver
mont. ace<1 83 years.
SAX JOSE. July 27.— James Dougherty,
the president of the Santa Clara Valley
Mill and Lumber Company, died at his
residence here to-day after a lingering Ill
ness from cancer. He was a native of
Ireland, aged 68. He leaves a wife and,
two grown children.
PLOT OF WRECKERS
TO DERAIL TRAINS
Dastardly Attempts in Monterey County by Un
known Persons to Cause Disasters on
the Southern Pacific.
In Both Cases -Switches Are Opened and Large Side
Plates Are Bolted Down Over the Rails to Insure
the Work of Destruction.
Last night another attempt at wrecking was made at Camphcria. a station
farther south, and a point where the northbound mail train passes early in tha
morning. At that place the plates were more securely fastened down, and as be
fore the plan was frustrated by discovery of the obstacles on the track. These
attempts were undoubtedly made by the same person or persons, and who evi
dently have secured a switch key, as the switches -were not broken but unlocked.
A sharp lookout is being kept now and the matter will be ferreted out.
"Wednesday night some unknown person or persons unlocked the switch near
Soledad. a small station twenty miles south of here, and threw it open and. in
order to Insure a wreck, placed several large side plates across both rails, bolt
ing them down so as to Insure derailment of an early morning train. By accident
the barricade was discovered in time and removed.
SALINAS, July 27.— Two attempts at tralnwrtcklng have been mnde on trie
Coast Division of the Southern Pacific Railroad south of this city, and but for
the timely discovery of the obstructions on the track there would have been two
serious wrecks and undoubtedly loss of life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. July 27.— The crime of a wayward son, the death of a wife, who
filed of prief at the disgrace brought upon her. the loss of a large sum of money
and a broken heart tfrere the causes that led Dr. A. T. Harris, recently of Ana
conda. Mont., to put on end to his life with poison in this city this morning.
Dr. Harris, a Kentuckian by birth and a graduate of the University of Vir
ginia's medical department, until several months a?o enjoyed a most lucrative
practice In Anac.onda, Mont., where he t eared a family. His chi:i3ren all died ex
cept cne son, Wayne, who left his home and went to San Francisco. There Wayne
secured employment In the messenger service. During a quarrel with a com
panion 'Wayne used a knife on his adversary with fatal effect and is now in the
San Francisco County Jail, awaiting trial.
Dr. Harris, on learning of his son's crime, immediately gave up his practice
End set out for San Francisco. He used every effort to free his son, to whom
he was greatly attached. He was very bitter in his references to the legal fra
ternity and the Police Department cf San Francisco. Dr. Harris, after his arri
val here, alleged that the lawyers he bad employed had made him pay fees for
their services amounting to $3400, and that they had rendered him no assistance
in freeing his son.
Then came the news to the despondent father that his wife had died of a
broken heart in Montana. She keenly felt tbe disgrace brought upon her by her
son, and gTlef and worry finally sapped her life. Dr. Harris, mourned bitterly
over her loss and frequently spoke of her in his conversations with acquaint
ances. -
Dr. Harris came to Salinas last Sunday afternoon, and from assertions made
it was supposed he intended to establish himself in the practice of medicine here.
He registered at the Bardln House as J. Harris. Yesterday afternoon Dr. Harris
received a letter from San Francisco, which he opened. After reading- it he tore
up the letter and afterward seemed very despondent. He stated that he had
nothing to live for and threatened to kill himself.
It is thought he took the poison that ended his life yesterday afternoon, as
he was ill last evening and retired about 9 o'clock, being seen safely to bed by
an employe at the hotej. Before retiring he tock some medicine, referring to it
as an "ar-tidote" and also an emetic. About 4 o'clock this morning the porter
found him slumbering soundly, but nothing appeared to be amiss, so he was not
disturbed. At 8 o'clock his room was again visited, when the discovery was made
that Harris was dead.
The unfortunate man's last thoughts seemed to be of his son, over whose
misfortune he so constantly brooded, for he left a note, written on the margin of
a newspaper in lead pencil, as follows:
"Do :.ot let Wayne Harris know I am dead."
On the reverse side were the words:
"Wayne Harris, Broadway Jail, San Francisco: Keep out of the newspapers."
On the bureau of his room was found a box containing a few half-gra'n mor
phine tablets. An inquest was held this afternoon by Coroner Muller at the
morgue. Several letters addressed to Dr. Harris were read. They related to
family history and affairs connected with his son. From memoranda found
amor.gr bis effects It would appear that his full name was Thomas Alexander Har
ris and that he was born November 16, IiS9, in Marion County, Kentucky.
The verdict of the Coroner's Jury was "that deceased met death from mor
phine, taken with suicidal intent."
Wayne Harris is confined In Broadway County Jail, awaiting trial on the charge
of murder. His trial is set for the 20th prox. He stabbed a messenger boy
r.amed Andrew Layden on March 24 last. Inflicting a wound from which Lavdeh
died on April S. Harris was a much smaller man than Layden, who was long
known as a bully. -They were both connected with the Western Union office a"
205 Sutter street. Layden struck Harris, knocking him down, followed him to
the etreet and continued the assault. The wound Inflicted was not considered se
rious, but blood-poisoning set in, causing his death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deed of His Boy Wayne, Who Is In San Francisco Jail
on a Charge of Slaying a Messenger Boy, the
Cause of the Death of Both His Parents.
Broken-Hearted and Despondent, Dr. Alexander
T. Harris o£ Montana Ends His Life With .
Poison at a Salinas Hotel.
FATHER'S SUICIDE
DUE TO SON'S CRIME
WILL MANAGE THE AFFAIRS
OF NAPA INSANE ASYLUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, , JULY 28, 1900.
there may be some radical changes at the
Xapa Asylum.
LANGRIDGE'S APPOINTMENT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- SACRAMENTO, July 27.— The appoint
ment of George W. Langridge of Stock
ton to be a member of the Board of Man-
3
Night work.
Extra strain needs extra strength.
When a man begins to add to his hours
of labor, and subtract from his hours
of rest, he is putting an extra strain on
brain and body.* In such cases many
men make the serious mistake of using
stimulating liquors, or alcoholic medi-
cines. These can only inrure. The spur
forces on the horse, Dut does not
strengthen him. Stimulants are only
spurs. The need of the body is
strength. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery is invaluable to overworked
met) and women. It strengthens the
stomach, increases the blood supply,
nourishes the nerves, and gives vital
power to brain and body.
There is no alcohol in "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." It contains no opium,
cocaine or other narcotic. It is strictly
a temperance medicine.
Mr. Edward Jacobs, of Mareago. Crawford Co..
Indiana, writes: "After three years of suffering
with liver trouble and malaria I gave jrp ail
hopes of ever getting stout again, and the last
chance was to try your medicine. I had tried
all the home doctors and received but little re-
lief. After taking three bottles of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery and one vial of his
• Pleasant Pellets • I am stout and hearty. It is
due entirely to your wonderful medicines."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
1 -—•" 21
X-RAY X-RAY X-RAY
By our X-RAT EXAM-
Sgft'jfriJjSsd? INaTIONS we locate the
V"rTtt»«J£ lirViirT trouble through any por.
JVyytwywp ii <' M tlon of the body, seeing
i' ST/fcf^fr^i^Ti? the famt am! m.iklns i'M'">-
x i w^^^A^dj tosrapha at the patient's
-«ftJgi2irsSr|*jnCl rf-i|U<»st. Diseases r.i
fE>A*t5*Br"| J Women, Hen ami Chil-
L— lixisTfe^s ' rtren. Nervous Prostration.
i : U3j**?G^tJnS Mental Failure and De-
• s=s I ifTijjnBTT preasion. Cano»r and Con-
; 7v fti*r e±\* sumption. Bloot!, Kidney.
jUVVyy - v Skin. Heart. Uver. Uhea-
J^^^j^to* matlsm and Piles. By Our
' X-Ray treatment we cura
when everything else falls.
Indorsed now by the whole scientific world.
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Eurose.
1019 Market Street. San Francisco
ProtaulAn&t Alivlw V9»0.The annual tournament of the Southern
California Lawn Tennis Association wiil
be preceded by a golf tournament, which
will take place on August 11 and 12. Th's
year's tournament will be held at Santa
Monica, where the new clubhouse on the
Casino grounds is boinsr put in order. Tha
putting-greens on the golf links are to bo
oiled and the course improved.
Tommy Ryan Expected.
Tommy Ryan is j expected In this city
to-night and Jack Moffatt will arrive in
about a week. After a week of rest both
men will- begin, training ' for the fightY
which will take place before the National
Athletic Club on September 7. Since the
Chicago fight between Ryan and Root,
Ryan- has lost a great deal of his popular-'
Ity. though no .one questions his ability.
Tim -Murphy and Jim Tremble are itch
ing -for a match. The National Club is
anxious to bring . these two men together,
but the Columbia Club has the August
permit. They are not ye.t matched. -
Swimming at Sutro's.
Following ar« the swimming entries for
ri<?xt Sunday at Sutro Bath?:
Kifty-yard d::F.!i. juveniles— C. Crist. F*.
Magner, A. Martinez. J. Patton. F. Paine.
P. Ryan, D, Hand, II. Dixon, H. Carter,
F. Butiorworth, O. Owens. A. Rae, E.
K!pp. H. Ijoekwood, E. Wells. S. Grue
man. J. Dwyer, J. Shelton, R. Herman,
WVOBrion, G. Irvine, H. Randall, P.
Kngen.
Under water swimming contest, diving
for plates and h!gh diving for boys, open
to all.
One hundred yard race, a'mateurs— H.
Dodson. H. Mitchell. H. Ramsay. E.
Kpan. M. Carmody, A. Reese. O. Lowen
herjr. C. Ai:ffu?tu«. P. Sunberg. I*. Irving,
a. Raudain. B. Riding. L". Hay wards, \a
Gruorr.an, E. B'-ll. L. Scott, E. Raynold.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— H.
Owens. J. Dwypr, F. LJutterworth. P.
Ryan. O. Rsnrtal!. II. Carter, Ci. Wallace.
w. McGuire, J. Sheltnn. W. Guine, J. A.
Jackson. F. Jorry. J: Mclntyre. F. Ritter,
n. Oord>ll.-M. Loud. <5. Chalmers. E.
Wells. E. Raynold. G. Irx-lne,
Pigeon-Shooting Cards.
Tho Union Gun Club's programme for
the handicap live bird shoot Sunday at
IngleMde i3 a very attractive one. Handi
cap shooting distances will range from
twenty-six to thirty-tw«»yards. The prize
merehamlise shoot at 12 birds will be the
lirst event.
.Entrance, including price of birds, ?3.
Side pool entrance $2. three moneys, class
shooting. High guns to win prizes, ties
to be decided by lot for choice of prizes.
The list of prizes embraces thirty-eight
lots of useful and beautiful articles. A
purse of $30 will be contested for by the
club members.
After the main event, two eix bird races
will be In order, entrance $1 50, birds ex
tra, high guns and entrance Jl 50, birds
extra, class shooting.
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold its reg
ular monthly shoot Sunday at the Ingle-
Fide trap?. Barrels of bluerocks will be
smashed as a large attendance is ex
pected.
A. -return match is on the hooks for
Pete Walsh and C. C. JCauman. They
will go another 100 live bird race som'e
time in August. The distance will be
changed from twenty-eight to thirty
yarda.
Notes From the Kennel.
The meeting of the Pacific Coast
special committee of the American Ken
nel Club has again been postponed as thV
majority of the members are^ut of to^
As soon, however, as Chairman de Ruvter
Is well enough to issue his call the meet
ing will be convened, and the r^vfn
Flynn appeal will come up for^ecismn
lose his English setter. Sally Gladstone '
Francisco show he took first In The ltolt
class the special, beating thl fi?st
prize dog of. the open class. H% and May
?ni ee h« C t ap . tU « red tether the Ip^ial for
nards rough-coated St. Ber-
\ s £ re ln }Provlng In quality.
r$l£ ki P erna Ps the reason for the con
siderable demand there has been of late
for the breed.
c» R m M '« od 5 e ' s -Pointer • hitch. Dodge's
Stella. Is dead. She was a notable per
former In the field, abeit unknown In
field trials. Cuba of Kenwood • was thf
only one of her progeny to make a 1 mark
in- the trials.. but all her pups have been
known as first class hunting dogs.
Swinging the Golf Club.
Last Saturday in the San Rafael links
play began in a series of three matches
between two teams of ladies, one with
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown as captain, and
the other led by Mrs. Frank S. Johnson.
Miss Edith McBean was absent from Mrs.
Johnson's team and Mrs. Heazelton from
Mrs. Brown's team. Their opponents in
each case counted two holes up. Mrs.
Brown's team fccored 19 up, against 3 up
by Mrs. Johnson's side, and thus won the
first match, 16 up. The remaining matches
of the series will be played at the con
venience of the contestants.
Play has also begun in a similar series
of three matches over eighteen holes
among the men of the San Rafael Golf
Club, but the returns in the first match
are not yet complete. Twelve couples aro
entered In the matches, but so far only
half of these have completed the first two
rounds. .
There will be a great deal of golf during
the week of amateur sports, August 13 to
20, to be held at Del Monte. On the 13th
the - qualifying round, over eighteen
holes, medal play, of the ladles' handicap
for the Scott cup, presented by Henry T.
Scott, will be played. The sixteen ladies
who make the best scores in the qualify
ing round will be entitled to play in. the
cup competition, over eighteen holes,
match play. On August 15 the;qualifying
round, over eighteen holes, medal play,
of the men's contest for the Del Monte
cup.- offered by the management of the
hotel, will be played. The men who make
the sixteen lowest scores will be entitled
to enter the . cup competition, over
eighteen holes, match play. The final
round will be ever thirty-six holes.-En
tries for the Scott cup will close on Aug
ust 12 and for the Del Monte cup on the
following- - day, at the Hotel del Monte.
Entries should V>e forwarded to R. ¦ M. To
bin. at the University Club,- San Fran
cisco. . ; : .
' The "challenge class" of the Santiago
Golf Club of Santa: Ana now consists of
the following ten players: 1, H. Williams;
2, H. F. Gardner; 3. W.S.; Derby; 4, James
Irvine; 5, K. E. Watson; 6, James Fuller
ton;7. Ralph Burnhara: 8, Dlan Gardner;
*,-A~ H. Bibber; 10, W. B. WoodV~
PREPARING FOR
FALL RACES AT
OAKLAND TRACK
California Jockey Club An
nounces Six Special i
Stakes.
First in the Held, the California Jockey
Club announced, a list of six stakes yes
terday, to be contested for at Oakland
during the fall meeting of 1900, which
commences November 3. ', Entries for the
stakes given below will close at midnight
of Monday, September 17, .with R. B. Mll
roy, secretary.
The opening handicap— A handicap for three
year-ol'ls and upward: entrance $10, $40 addi
tional to start; the club to add an amount
neco«sary to make the gross value of the race
S1500, of which $200 to second and $100 to third;
weights to be published Monday, October 29;
acceptances to be mad« at the track before 31
a. m.. Friday, November 2. To be run Satur
day November 3. One mile.
The Produce Exchange stake — Kor two-year
olds that have not won a stake at the time of
closlug; entrance $10, $23 additional to start;
the club to add an amount necessary to make
the giws value of the race $1000, of which $150
to second and JT5 to third: winners of a sweep
stake of $10<X) in value after the closing of the
stake to carry five pounds extra; \)ther non-win
ners of V'iuO at any time allowed five pounds;
maidens, twelve pounds: If beaten three or
more times and never placed (1-2-3), five pound3
additional. To be run Saturday, November 10.
Six furlortss. _
The Golden Gate selling stakes— For three
year-olds and upward: entrance. $10, $23 addi
tional to Btart: the club to add an amount ne
cessary to make the gross value of the race
$100<>, of which $150 to second and $75 to third:
$1800; weight for 'age. Allowances— One pound
for each $100 to $1000 and 2 pounds for each
I $100 less to J300. Winners of a race of $6^0 in
value or of two races other than selling purses
after the closing of this stake not to be en
tered for less than $800; starters to be named,
with 6elllng price, through the entry box the
i day jireceiilnc the race at- the usual time of
1 closing. To be run Saturday, November 17.
Seven furlon~s.
i The Emeryville handicap— A handicap for
1 two-year-olds and upward; entrance $10, $25
additional tb start; the club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
$1000, of which $150 to second and $75 to third;
weights to be announced four days prior to the
race; winners of other than a selling' purse
after weights are announced to carry five
pounds extra. To be run Saturday, December
S. One mile.
The Burllngame selling stakes— For three
year-olds and toward; entrance $10, $25 addi
tional to start; the club to add an amount
necessary to make the cross value of the race
$1000, of which $150 to second and $75 to third:,
those entered not to be sold to carry five pounds
above the f-eale; if for $3000,' weight for a^e.
Allowances— One pound for each $250 to $2000;
one pound for each $100 to $1000; two pounds for
each $100 to $500. Winners, of a race of $1000 in
value or of two races other than selling purses
after the closing of this stake not to be en
tered for less than $1000; starters to be nam*>d
with Felling price through the entry box the
day preceding the race at the * usual' time" of '
DEER HUNTERS
SEE AND KILL
MORE BIG GAME
Luck During the Past Week
Has Been Better.
"Plenty of deer;" they all say, but few
bucks are shipped to town to show the
prowess of the hunter on the ranges.
Deer are seen In numbers, accordinc to
the reports, but few. of them are killed.
Experienced hunters say that California
is well . supplied with deer for hunting
purposes and that if the present law
against the killing of does is enforced
there will soon be as many deer In the
State as there were in the old palmy days.
At the same time they claim that in a
number of counties the law is given a lax
obedience during the winter months and
this in a measure is -responsible for the
thinning out of the deer.
Last Sunday both William Berg and
Henry Oxnard got bucks weighing over
100 pounds. On Thursday George Boyd
killed a fair-sized buck. This »?»aks well
for the Country Club men, who were be
wailing their fate a short time ago.
Colonel Maus. H. E. Hall and J. A. W.
Byrne ' have been trying their rifles on
the .red bucks, but as yet have sent no
venison to the city. The deer on the
Country Club preserves are commencing
to come out and the hunting has in con
sequence Improved.
A big party of Country Club members
will be on the preserves this coming week.
Frank Carolan, Andrew Jackson. Roy
Nickels. F. W. .Van der Slcklen. William
Berg and William Kittle will be out for
deer to-day and to-morrow.
John Codman killed two bucks near
Leirly's. Mendocino County, last Satur
day. The deer are plentiful on the range.
F. G. Sanborn and Rudolph Spreckels,
guests of Charles Wheeler at his country
home on the McCloud, killed three bucks
during the week. \ /
Tom Robinson of Suisun and H. Peters
of Vacaville killed 200 and. Dr. James Mil
lar and a friend 400 doves near Winters.
, Dr. Derby. W. J. Golcher, C. C. Neu
man. Kdgar Foster and Burt Golcher.were
out for brush rabbits near San Pedro last
Sunday. They bagged about fifty.
closing- To be run Saturday. December 15. One
mile and a sixteenth.
The Xew Year handicap— A handicap for two
year-olds and upward; entrance $10, $30 addi
tional to start; the club to add an amount
necessary to make tho gross value of the race
J2000. of which *250 to second and $150 to third;
weights to be announced three days prior to the
race; winners of other than a selling purse alter
the weiijhtr. are announced to carry five pounds
extra. To be run Tuesday. January 1, 1901. One
mile and a furlong.
"\Yoodland Is making preparations for a
grand week of racing in September.
Drivers generally cut loose at that town,
all danger of "getting a mark" having
passed. There is also considerable rivalry
among the bookmakers as to which firm
will get thr privilege.
If J. B. Ferguson should not recover
sufficiently to again wield the starter s
flag, the guessers already have Dick
Dwyer slated for the position at Oakland.
Tennis for Del Monte.
Announcements are out for an Invita
tion tennis tournament at Del Monte, for
special prizes during the week of ama
teur sports, August 13 to August 20 On
August 14 a special exhibition match will
be played between Joseph Daily and a
Player from the California Club, probably
George F. Whitney, the Coast champion
On August 13 and 15 there will be a
round-robin singles between six of the
representative players of the Pacific
Coast. On August 17 and IS a double
tournament between teams selected from
¦clubs of the Pacific States' Lawn Tennis
Association will be played.
L. R. Freeman, late of Stanford and
champion of Southern CaUfoYnla. has
ffe^to^anfe^ ir^ac^ma.^T^eman
So a f s? P ssr and should carr "°*
aJl'h d ? feat of Sumner Hardy this week
at the Longwood tournament by a new
unknown player. 1L--C. Foster, was a
complete surprise not only to the local
people but to the Eastern tennis men
w^, m S, ard ?' ™as defeated by kittle, who
won the single handicap tournament at
on the Lake last year.
™ K-J- Davis, treasurer of the California
Club, has returned from the East and wil"
soon take up the racket.
Professor Lmily visited Alameda Tennis
Club across the bay during tho week
and played In several matches. Dallv
beat Henry Outte, t>-3. fi-O. 6-2 Dai'°v
and Mrs. "Wakerly beat Miss. Hunter and
Miss Macartney two out of three sets
Daily and Miss Alvlna Jackson next beat
Emma Hunter and Pearl Macartney two
sets to one. Miss Macartney and Joe
Daily beat Miss Elliot and Miss Hunter
two out of three sets. Miss Elliot and
Joe Daily beat Miss Hunter and Miss
Macartney. Daily defeated Philip Alex
ander 6-2. 6-0.
-The Alameda lady players invited the
lady players of the California Club to
visit them next week for several round
robin matches. Lunch will be provided
and a. good outing assured.
Tennis ia still popular at Santa Clara
many matches being played at the Santa
Clara Club's courts. In a series of mixed
doubles the first match was -won by Miss
Louise Preston and L. Warburton from
Miss Isabel Preston and R. Fatjo 3-i>
6-3. 6-4. Miss Preston and Robert Fatjo
won the second match. 6-4. 2-6. 10-8. In
the ladles' doubles Miss Bertha Downlnir
and Miss Olive Blackmar defeated Mi<!S
Delphine Fatjo and Miss Ethel Warbur
ton. 6-3. 6-4. .Robert Fatjo and C. Barlow
beat the Menton brothers. 6-4. 6-4
The first handicap doubles tournament
of the Eastland Tennis Club will be held
on the club courts at Woodslde Inn Mill
Valley, July 28 and 20. The list of entries
Is as follows: R. Judah and C. Judah
Duval Moore and J. J. CulJen. A Smith
and W. Klnjrwell N. Coghill and H.
Gundiach, G. Van Meter and L. Dorr W
Bundschu and O. Hinr.. L. Hart and H*
Helen, F. Judah and Max Rosenfeld.
The time has arrived for the Sacramen
tos to do a little experimenting with tal
ent. Heretofore the Sacramento manage
ment has had nothing to worry the mind.
No player jumped his contract and all
were content with three square meals a
day. So there was nothing to mar the
work of the team. But now there is
some talk of Jay Hughes taking a rest
to nurse that rusty elbow joint which has
lately prevented an effective delivery of
his assortment of curves. It is doubtful
whether Hughes will pitch many of the
games this week. He is now congratulat
ing himself that he did not go East this
season.
Last week .was a disastrous one for the
proud and haughty Frisco ball tossers.
After several weeks of uninterrupted suc
cess it was their fate to meet the fast
paced champions at a time when they
were unprepared for a hard, struggle. The
team had been broken up by sickness and
death and they were compelled to go
against the Sacramentos with Pitcher
Fltzpatrick in right field and Pitcher
Knell at second. Schwartz being out of
the game the team was without the ser
vices of the safest striker of the aggrega
tion, the man whose willow has sent most
of the men across the plate In recent
games. It was an unfortunate setback
just as the team was rushing to the front
The Friscos. however, are still in the race
and have time to show their "improved
mettle hot and full." p TO
Hank's men were all in good i form
when last heard from and should civ© a
good account of themselves In the series
against Sacramento commencing at Rer
r £ at ?. OI ?u Pa n k . th i s aft « r noon. iburg will
pitch the Saturday game and Knell w
do the twirling Sunday afternoon. These
games will probably attract the largest
crowds of the season, for the .fans expect
a lively session on the diamond expect
The !lne-up for to-day 1 3 as foiiows
rwyle. Pitcher Vi.\
Hanlon.: First base... P ™i r ?
Stulti Second base ""i'schwaS
Devereaux..... Third base....... M T, J
Ea ? an..... Short stop...... Kr.,£
McLaUKhUn Left field V"!"^
Shanahan Center field. ..... Brockhnfl
Hu « hM •: Rf Sht field .HUd/bran"
With the Yachtsmen.
Mo«t of the small boats of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club cruised last Sunday in
the tipper bay. Tl:e floop Siren sailed up
t>> ilcXr-ars Landing Saturday evening
and anchored there for the night. Many
Corinthian and other ya#hts dropped an
chor 1n Paradise Cove. The Corinthians
ima a cruise to Sierra. Point on their pro
gramme, but the only boat to make the
trip was W. S. Grover'a yawl Arcturus,
to which Commodore II. D. Hawks trans
ferred his Oss. The commodore and his
companions were rewarded for sticking to
the schedule by a very pleasant cruise.
The wind fell light in the afternoon and
several of the yachtsmen who had gone
to Paradise Cove failed to reach their
mooriups at Tiburon in time to return to
San Francisco that night. ..?.
The slnop Cygnus of the San Francisco
Yacht Club cruised from Sausalito to the
r-hannel an«5 drew up alongside the British
four-mnsted s-hip Hiddekel. The crew of
the Cygnus enjoyed a pleasant early din
ner with the captain and officers of the
Hidd'-k« j i. «>2\ the way home the breeze
•w:is decidedly" stiff but Pteady.
To-day and to-morrow are open on the
programmes t\f the San Francisco, Cor
inthian, Kncina! and California Yacht
clubs.
Van Vrooqjaui and H. Hill of the South
Bay Fdcht Club cruised up the Sacra
rner.to River during the Br»t two weeks
nf July in lh<» sloop Cloud. They enjoyed
FpJvndid weather and covered C>1 milef.
according to th» lag. This is a longer
trip thnn the one recently made by the
Corinthian yawl Kittiwake. as the "sloop
Ooud started from and returned to Al
\~Iso. while t*w JviriiTvake came out from
*.mo" went bae"K to Tiburon. The Cloud
readied Sacramento. :A*« visiting Black
IMamorxi. Napa and Fuisun.
The Sloop Ewpee of the South Bay Yacht
*"tu!> has be»n Jn Oakland <.'reek for re
pairs. L. Sonnlkren of the floop Wan
derer is on a tr!r» io the Eastern State?,
but th» yacht will remain in commission.
l J ort <"apsai:i William Ortlev in charge.
The recent yacht race nt Terminal Tsf
and was won by the Ran Pedro. Flying
Wave second and Ocean Wave third.
Captain Moody of the South liays pro
pose? to build a schooner, and when sho
Is rcadv will sell the ploop Ci^ne. formerly
failed bv W. E. LSngard of the Corinthian
y.irht Club.
J. It. Savory, measurer of the San Fran
rls^a Yacht Club rind owner of the sloop
.T'Tanita, is seriously ill at his home on
Vnllejo street. On an up-river cruise he
contracted typhoid fever.
FROM a sport that had a most lim
ited and special class of followers
in this city, handball has within
the last three years advanced to
the most favored of all Indoor
games. It has supplanted the gymnasium
as a means of exercise and has drawn
within its ranks of devotees three-fourths
of the athletes of the Olympic Club and
a large percentage of the young business
men about town who play In the several
well established courts. So popular is
the game among the Olympians that two
new courts are being erected on the roof
of the club building to accommodate the
habitual patrons of the game.
There are two classes of players at the
Olympic Club, the expert who uses the
regulation court, a model of Its kind,
are crowded with spectators. It is quite
a feature of indoor contests at the Olym
pic Club, this rivalry between the cracka
jack teams of the city, and spirited
matches, scientific and hard fought, re
sult from the clash. ¦,.,,, t.
But playing of scientific handball is by
no means confined to the Olympic Club.
At Ryan's courts and other downtown
alleys the game goes on day and night.
It is estimated that there are at least 1000
handball players in this city who play
the game habitually. This leaves out of
consideration an army of young
men and boys who ,use the soft
ball and play wherever residential
or fence conveniences will permit.
At both Stanford and the University of
California the heads of the athletic de
partments are contemplating the erection
of courts for the use of students, and
everywhere the game is taking a firm hold
on the public.
and the man who goes at the game for
exercise, cramming within a short apace
of time enough physical work to satisfy
all the demands of his body on the score
of health and condition. While there
are some 300 devotees of the game In the
Olympic Club the class of experts Is
small, but among this number are the
amateur champions of the State.
Although no great open, scratch tourna
ment, calling for all the amateur hand
ball players in the State, has as yet been
played, there are four men In this city,
all well known to the general public, who
are considered in a claps of their own.
T. F. Bonnet, Al Hampton. James McEl
roy and Charles Sullivan form a premier
quartet of amateur handball players.
Bonnet and Hampton play as a team,
likewise McElroy and Sullivan. As a
single player Bonnet Is generally reputed
the champion. Whenever these four men
get together on the courts both galleries
CHAMPION AMATEUR HANDBALL , EXPERTS IN ACTION.
LOCAL ATHLETES TAKE
TO THE HANDBALL COURT
But for a very short time the local team
pt stickers and base runners held the ex
alted rank of second in the list. Then
came the tumble and Hank's men are now
sandwiched between Stockton and Oak
land. Two defeats at Sacramento last
week and two victories out of the series
by the Millers made the change In stand-
Ing. The champions have not yet quit
the upward movement and look upon the
other teams with a safe disdain.
The standing of the clubs is as follows:
Hughes of Sacramento
May Be Forced
to Rest.
LOCAL TEAM
GOES BACK A
SINGLE STEP
T'p and down stream the fishermen are
gloating over the best sport they have en-
Joyed for many a season. There is nothing
quite po roseate as the anglers' reports
from the Truckee region and those
etreams that, are tributary to the. biff riv
ers of the Slate. Everybody who Is de
vcted^o the sport is either at his favor
ite fishing ground or planning some trip
when opportunity or circumstances will
permit of an excursion to lake or stream.
From Verdi and lioca, called the "fish
erman's i>aradiFc." this year come the
biggest fish stories. One of the luckiest
of anglers who cast their lot for finny for
tunes is Dr. C. G. Levinson. During the
last few dcyp lie has gone about this city
with head skywardly inclined and chest
inflated. He claims the honor of having
landed the biggest fish caught this sea
son or. the Truckee. It weighs five and a
half pounds and vas taken with a spoon
rear Finley=. Dr. Levinson has also fished
Independence and Webber lakes with
varying luck. - . , [.-
The bent fly fishing on the Truckee has
been done with the brown hackle yeliow
body, queen of the waters and jungle cock
professor. 10 ami 12. For evening fishing
thv- eray hackle yellow body, 8, and also
large-salmon flics have been found pro
dactive of goo«J results.
S. Heller made- a splendid catch near
Finleys during the week; a three and a
half ponnder b<>ins his best fish.
I>r. \V. K. Brooks and James Watt re
turned from Boca on Tuesday and report
good catches.
II. E. Skinner and W. Williams will
leave- this evening for Boca.
Raps {i*hinK in certain localities is good
this soason. J. A. Parlson and E. Fassett
tried Burden slough, taking out eight fish
ranging from two to live pounds.
Ai Wilson Jin-l Mr. McFarland caught a
few bass in San Leandro Bay-- during the
week. *O. \V. Jackson, who was with
them, boasts of the capture of a big sting
ra v.
In Monterey Hay the fishermen have
struck a hapfiy Treasure of sport. One day
this week th^ boats brought in over 300
pounds* of salmon. F. Grabe landed three,
one weighing twenty-seven, the second
twenty-five airi the third twenty pounds.
The average is about fifteen pounds.
At San Andreas the fishing last Sunday
was particularly good. Red fly and shrimp
were used. The largest fish caught weighed
three pounds.
Along the Eel River and the upper Mc-
Cloud she sport has been of a fair quality.
The best tishinir in this locality will come
later in the y»\-ir.
\V. Ropers and K. Bcriman returned
from Taboo. They bring back tales cf
morning catches averaging about ten fish
a dav ranging from two to five pounds.
On the north fork of Big River IT. T.
Whitl.-y. W. . Chambers, C. Legal. R. Sang
pter and \V. F. Smith are holding forth.
They are catching big baskets daily.
Chambers brought down a big buck laBt
week weighing 100 pounds. —
Dr. E. O. Jellinrk Is at Tnhoe on a fish
ins excursion. With the first streaks of
dawn he is on the lake trolling for trout.
So far his luck has been phenomenal. If
the befxes of ;l?h which he has sent to
friends in this oity may be taken as basic
Indications of catches. His companion
fisherman is Baron Todt Geschwander.
FISHING IS
GOOD, SO SAY
THE ANGLERS
The Best Reports Come
From Truckee River
HOUNDS AND
HARES WILL
BE THE GAME
Big Stakes to Be Run
Down at San
Mateo.
The Ingleslde Coursing Association will
commence Its first Innings under the re
cent agreement "with the Union Park As
sociation for altercate coursing dates at
San Mateo Park to-day. Nothing- has been
left undone to make the opening a suc
cessful one, and everything In the man
ner of comfort and Improvement has been
attended to by the management.
A ninety-six dog open stake and a six
teen-dog champion stake Is the pro
gramme for the two days' sport. To-day
will b© devoted to the rundown of the
open stake, and on Sunday, In addition to
the concluding rounds of this stake, the
champion event will be run In Its entirety.
A total of $1510 will be distributed, of
which 5200 goes to the champion stake
winner and $123 to first dog 1 In the open
event. Trains will leave Third and Town
send streets at 10:15 on either day, and
coursing will commence at 11 o'clock
sharp.
L. F. and T. W. Bartels. comprising the
well-known coursing firm of Bartels
Brothers of Denver, Colo., have dissolved
partnership. Both gentlemen will con
tinue In the coursing game, and their ex
tensive kennel of fast ones will be divided
by mutual consent. The dogs owned by
them will registered, and hereafter will
be run in the individual names of their
owners.
The general coursing public will learn
with regret that old Connemara. James
Dean's persistent stake winner, has prob
ably run his last course. While training
a few days ago Connemara started a stray
hare, and In giving chase ran full tilt
into a post. The dog was picked up In an,
unconscious condition, and an examina
tion showed that his skull had been
crushed. Connemara has been placed in
charge of a veterinary surgeon and no ef
fort will be spared to save the dog's life.
Edward Conn has purchased from Gus
Abercrombie a promising youngster of the
Emin Pasha-Miss Rabbit litter, and has
registered the same under the name- of
Grindstone.
Captain Cane's Statesman and Wander-
Ing Tom will be out of the game for some
time to come. Both dogs were injured
while training a few days ago.
T. Cooney has purchased Sweet Faver
dale from P. J. Reilly. She is by Sly Boy
out of Granuale and is a, full sister to
Dew Drop, the recent midweek stake win
ner.
T. J. Cronin has sold Mattie Gold, by
Pretender out of Dottle Dimple, to F. P.
Clark of Stockton. She is in whelp to De
pend On Me.
J. Keenan. the owner of Connematigh,
has been notified by the California cours
ing committee that he must change the
name of that hound in accordance with a
rule which says: "So person will be al
lowed to register a greyhound under a
name which would have a tendency to
mislead the public as to the dog's breed
ing or under a name similar In sound to
a name previously registered."
Lord Chasterfieid, by Grand Fashion-
Lady of Fashion, and The Laird, by
Prince Charlie-Princess Fullerton, Lowe
& Thompson's Futurity candidates, wili
arrive from the East to-night.
D. TOland's Twilight ha3 whelped a lit
ter of four dogs and three bitches to Im
ported Fetter Free. Twilight Is eleven
years old and is a sister to Skyrocket.
"W. J. Shields* Armagh Lass whelped on
June 20 to Emin Pasha a litter of fivo
dog3 and four bitches.
Edwin Hood's Geraldine whelped a Ut
ter of four dogs and one bitch to Douglas
on June 19. Douglas la a lull brother to
Emin Pasha.
TV. J. Foley of Santa Clara has regis
tered Glen Rocket, by Skyrocket-Lady H
Glendyne.
F. Jones of Newark has registered a lit
ter of puppies by Emin Pasha out of
Moonlight, three dogs and five bitches
K. Fisher of Stockton has registered a
litter of puppies by Prince of Fashion out
of Raceaway, five dogs and two bitches.
Frank Moran has registered a litter of
puppies, two degrs and five bitches, by
False Hatterer out of Bit of Fashion
The next important event to occupy the
attention of oarsmen is the seventh an
nual regatta at Astoria, which will be
held en August :3, 24 and 25. The Astoria
committee has been enthusiastic in its
work and already enough money for all
< xpenses and handsome prizes for the
contestants has been collected. The sec
retary of the committee has communi
cated with President J. R. Bockman of
the Paoilic Association and has requested
that t\vci:ty-two oarsmen be sent from
California^ for which number it is believed
that transportation and all expenses can
be furnished; The regatta committee of
the Pacilic Association met last Wednes
day nisht to discuss Secretary AlcCue s
communication, and )t w;u> arranged that
notices shalfi be posted In the boathouses
.of all tJ.e loAal dubs, re<jue:?tinsr that all
members v. -ho 1 desire to go to Astoria re
port at once. The regatta committee will
then go over the names and chouse the
men who in their judgment are most
likely to prove creditable representatives
Ot Ban Francisco. .
The battleship Iowa, the cruiser Phila
delphia and a British man-of-war will be
present at Astoria, and arrangements for
a sham naval battle between the crews
«jf th" three ¦rarsbips will be made. It is
not expected that many oarsmen from
Portland Kill tiik.e part in the regatta.
b-jt severr. 1 contestants will come from
British Columbia. Provision will be made
to accommodate 20 .ww visitors during the
¦three cays of the carnival, which will in
clude track and field sports and other
grara* s.
The Pioneer Rowing Club is displaying
pr'at activity recently. C Li. Ochs is
practicing in the shell and will pull In the
se"hior shell race of the Admission day re
pratta: Oeorge Collopy will enter the
i-enirr fkiff event. The senior barge crew
lias been practicing for about two weeks
ar.d will continue to do so regularly. It
is made up us follows: L. Noel; bow and
captain; J. < >N«;n. No. 2; G. Lawson. No.
S. and W. LavsotC. stroke. Tlie junior
barge erew consists °f K. Murj'hy. bow;
<_}. H^ro. No. 2: T. Ahearn. No. 3, and \Y.
Arlon. stroke. K. J. Espy will probably
s. rve-i-.s cockswain of both crews. An in
termediate barge crew is also being
formed, but is n<.t yet rally made up.
j. Dunpby, a professional pcullor and
for a (oag tiin« a m>rnJ«T of tho Pionoor
Bowing < 'iuh. hs« just rr-turnfd to this
<-!ty from Th* 1 Klondike, where he lost his
right arm from blood pni?nninc It is
probable that the- Cooper*" Union and th*
Pioneer Hnwlng «"lub will join in giving
him 3 hfpffit. _
The Ariel Rowing c\uh i« in an ac«h^
condition, the score around the boathouse
on (Sunday* being quite lively- New tmm
bcrs are (ominp in. and at the meeting. on
September l it La expected that a dozen
will be initiated. Junior and intermediate
barge creur* ure in training, the junior
four boing J. KecR-an. K. Smith. M? Koley
and li. Kuhrsen. and th° intermediate be
ini? the same ;is that wliirh won the junior
rfeamptonsbip of 1W. Charles Wilson and
Vv*. Mcf.TuslKHd are practicing" in the out
r5j?pfd skiff snd may go up to Astoria. It
1s certain that some crullers will repre
sent the Ariel* °n the Columbia River,
and possibly a four may be made up. Sev
ern! mem berg ar<» training; for the junior
Fkiflf championship. ;i::d of those J. Ficken
and James O'ConneU are the mo«=t prom
ising. E. J. Lynch ha? been poinfr out in
a skiff and mill pull on Admission day.
The directors of tho Alamcda noat Club
raxter+atoed thf pienjbers at the boalbousc
last Tuesday nicht ;ind outlined thfir pol
icy. The club has dfMd r -d to nrd^r a now
raring' skiff, rs fast a boat a« Rneer? can
mnke. ?t '5 thoujjht that a skiff ran be
tr.ade which will not weigh morf than forty
nounds. The skiffs which the club now
has* have bear? galvanized iron outri^p^rs
and weich about eighty pounds. An !n
t^rnpfliate hare:<» crew has lw»en organized.
'^nsiPtinp of E. B. Thnmine. H. <'. Guild.
C Ayors and E. Hainan, but thf p!ac<»s
In th«» host have not yet ix?en allotted
The- men will practice- ie;rether for a little
.time- lif fore the crew \? mad* up.
ASTORIA IS
THE CRY OF
ROWING MEN
Oarsmen Will Train for
the Big Regatta of
the North.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1900.
4
CLUBS.
if ff[#f I
?8 ~2 33 3
j : =• ?
; ¦ • w
'. • '• ?
' •• • *
Sacramento
Stockton
San Francisco ....
Oakland
"o
•j".;prsf.-*i
. 27 14 41 .6T.S
. 2D 22 42 .476
. 20 23 43 .465
. 17 25 42 .404
CLUBS.
if ff[#f I
?8 ~2 33 3
j : =• ?
; ¦ • w
'. • '• ?
' •• • *
Sacramento
Stockton
San Francisco ....
Oakland
"o
•j".;prsf.-*i
. 27 14 41 .6T.S
. 2D 22 42 .476
. 20 23 43 .465
. 17 25 42 .404so accurately seem to leave little doubt
that he was the man.
Officers Shot Down.
Sergeant Gabe Porteus. one of the best
known cff.cers on the force, and Sergeant
Lally. -who has a record for bravery, were
Informed during the day by a negro that
Charles was in hiding in a house in Clio,
near Saratoga street. The officers sum
moned a number of patrolmen to their
assistance and went to the house. The
negro Informant of the policemen accom
panied the officers. They entered the side
alley leading to the house and were
served as were Day and I-amb. The negro
was hidden behind a screen and began a
furious and accurate fire. Lally fell with
a bullet in the abdomen. PortPUP was shot
through the head and dropped dead
across the body of Lally. The other offi
cers ar.d the negro i'.ed from the scene.
The report of Charles* "Winchester and
the fact that the two officers lay bleeding
in the yard raised tremendous excitement.
Hurrv calls were sent to the Mayor, the
Chief" of Police and Colonel Wood, in
command of the special police, and armed
hosts were rushed to the scene. In a lit
tle while there was an immense crowd.
In the meantime Father Fitzgerald of
St. John's Church was summoned to ad
minister extreme unction to the police of
ficers who were dying in the alley. The
priest was anointing the body of Por
teu" Alfred Bloomfield, a your^g
boy.' standing by his side, when Charles
again appeared at the window. The lad
saw him and begged the desperado not to
«=hoot him. The negro, however, fired his
Winchester again, and Bloomfield fell
dead. The priest, unhurt, left the scene.
after pluckily performing tho last offices
for the dead officer.
When the ambulance arrived two men
volunteered to go into the alley and bring
out the body of Lally. They entered, and
while they were attempting to take the
body cf the dead officer from that of his
colleague Charles fired again.
The men. got Lal'.y's body out and after
ward took Porteus' body out also. In the
meantime an immerse crowd had gath
ered in the vicinity, and schemes were
set on foot to get Charles out of the
building.
Fusillade of Bullets.
Charlcs, however, did not propose to be
captured without selling his life dearly.
Time after time he came to the window,
and as men. one by one. entered the alley
he blazed away at them. In this manner
Confectioner Lecklerc; who was one of
the special police s<;uad. cx-Poi'.ctman
Evans, John Eanville and George H.
Lvor.s. son of the head of a dry goods
establishment, were wounded.
But It. was determined tha.t the fire d»-
Refuge in Flames.
At this time the extra police began to
flre at the negro, and he returned their
fj r^. Andy Van Kuren. keeper of the po
lice Jail, got a bullet in the body and fell
dead. Just afterward H. H. Ball, aged Co,
working for the Mutual Benevolent Asso
ciation, was hit and mortally wounded.
About the same time Frank Bertucci re
ceived a shot in the left shoulder and J.
¦\V. Bofel one In the right hnrsd.
Ultimately It was decided that the only
way to get* Charles out was to burn the
building in uhich he was intrenched.
There were, however, some scruples about
resorting to this method, the district be
ing densely populated.
partment should be called out to protect
surrounding property. At the moment of
apparent indecision some one went to a
neighboring grocery, purchased a can of
oil, end pouring it over the rear steps of
the huildir.g applied a match and soon
started a fire. It became evident very
Foon that no human being could live in
the building, and picked men from the po
lice squad and soldiers stationed th-.-m-
F«-lves about the building in order to pick
off the desperado as he attempted to leave
the house. A young soldier named Adolph
Anderson, a member of the Thirteenth
Company of State militia, was one of the
first to see Charles as he left the steps.
Charles ran across the yard, and as he
did so Anderson fired several times. He
shot the negro in the breast and Charles
fell and died soon afterward.
As sot>n as the negro fell numbers of
persons armed with Winchesters *and re
volvers rushed in ar.d nred into the body.
Charles was literally shot to pieces. After
it was certain that he was dead a mob
entered the yard and dragged the body
into the street. There the police and the
mob emptied their revolvers into the
corpse, while a son of one of the mur
dered men rushed up and stamped the
face beyond recognition. There were loud
shouts that the body should be taken to
a vacant square in the vicinity and pub
licly burned. At this instant, however, a
big squad of police arrived in a patrol
wagon.
Fight for the Body.
Thousands of persons congregated In
the -vicinity and it looked as though there
would be a clash. The police somehow
seemed to have regained their courage and
promptly pushed the crowd aside, picked
up the body and threw it into the patrol
wagon. The driver whipped up his horses
end the wagon started off, with 5000 peo
ple runnirg after it and clamoring for the
cremation of the body cf the desperado.
The wagon was faster than the mob and
it ultimately made its way in safety to
police headquarters. There an immense
crowd had gathered and great difficulty
was experienced In taking the corpse or
the negro from the wagon into the
morgue. When Charles' body was stripped
it was found to have been literally lacer
ated from head to foot by the bullets.
Shortly after the body had been placed
upon the marble slab in tho morgue, a
negro woman who was alleged to have
known Charles intimately came to the
morgue and after regarding the body
carefully declared it was not that - of
Charles, but that of his brother. Sly
Jackson. Later, however. Joseph StassI,
a responsible Italian, positively identified
it as that of the murderer of Day and
Lamb.
Shortly after the body of Charles " had
been taken away a report spread that
there were still some negroes in the
burning building. The square was quick
ly surrounded by a guard of men with
Winchesters and a special squad made its
way into the burning building. In a
room which the fire had not . reached
three negroes were found dressed in
women's clothes. Thej' were hustled out
and sent to Jail in a patrol \ragon.
Mob Justice.
Subsequently, a fourth person, a mulat
to, was discovered in the building. He
made a desperate resistance and while In
the hands of the police was killed by a
shot from a pistol in the hands of one of
the disorderly mob that had congregated
In the vicinity.
Just about the tlm« that Charles' body
TWELVE KILLED IN
NEW ORLEANS RIOTS
Continued from First Page.
WCrtK OF CHRISTIAN
UNION CONVENTION
Rev. J. I>. Cook, a Colored Preacher,
Delivers an Interesting Address
on the Race Problem.
DENVER, July 27. — The forenoon ses
sion to-day of the twelfth annual conven
tion of the Young People's Christian
Union of the United Presbyterian and As
sociated Reformed Presbyterian churches
was devcted to conferences. Meetings
were held in four churches and the auai
tnces tilled the auditorium. The pro
gramme was as follows:
"Teachers and Teaching," led by Pro
feppor I. N. Clark cf Jliaden; Xebr.
'• The Young People in Congregational
Work." conducted by Rev. P. B. Foster.
Omaha, Xebr.
••Stewardship," conducted by Rev. J. C.
Scouller, D.D.. Philadelphia.
"Junior and Frimary Work," led by
Mrs. G. G. Wallace. Omaha, Xebr.
The feature of. the afternoon session
was the -address cf Rev. J. L. Cock of
Athens. Tenn., a colored man, on "The
Race Problem." Mr. Cook did not agrte
with Booker T. AVashinglon's theory that
literary and manual education for the m—
irro Vnoulu go together. He declared that
the idea of colonizing the negroes In
Africa was out of the question. He said
he had no complaint to make regarding
the refusal of whites to grant social
recognition to his race.
Reports were received of the sectional
conference held during the forenoon.
Rev. H. C. Swearingen of Allegheny.
Pa., delivered an address on missionary
work this evening.
HOME FROM SOUTH AFRICA.
Duke of Marlborough and Lady Wil
son Reach Southampton.
LONDON, July 27. — Among the arrivals
from South Africa to-day were the Duke
of Marlborough and Lady Sarah Wilson.
Thev were met at the docks at South
ampton by Consuelo. Duchess of Marl
borough (nee Vanderbilt), ar.d Lady Geor
giana Curzon. A large crowd awaited the
party at Waterloo station and heartily
cheered the heroine of Mafeklng.
Railway Mail in Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— The Postoffice
Department has announced the establish
ment of the first railway mail service in
Hawaii. The l:ne runs around the island
of Oahii. carrying the mails between
Honolulu and Kahuku, via Aieak. Pearl
City. Waipahu. Honcuiuli, Walanae and
Waiuahua, a distance of seventy-two
miles each way. Mails axe carried six
times a week, or as much oftener as
trains may run. The service began. June
H. *
Bryan Notification.
CHICAGO, July 27. — The Central Pas
senger Association has granted a rate of
one fare for the round trip from all points
in Indiana, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois
to the Bryan notification meeting in In
dianapolis. Tickets will be sold on all
trains on August 7 limited for return Aug
ust 9. The Central Passenger Association
has given the Western Passenger Associa
tion those States as a basis for making
their rates for the same meeting.
reached the morgue the body of an uh-
known negro who had been shot and
stabbed to death on Gallatln street was
carried in.
This nrgro was passing: the French mar
ket when he vkas seen by a crowd of white
men, ali intensely excited by the news of
the killing cf Porteus and others, and
they immediately mobbed him. The un
known nepro ran for his life and the
angry mob kept at his heels, the crowd
incre'asing in numbers every minute. The
negro finally succeeded in entering a
house on Gallatin street. He ran upstairs
and jumped from the gallery to the
ground. Before he could rise the mob
shot and stabbed him to death.
After midnight a mob which had evaded
the militia and the citizens' police at
tacked the Thomin Lafon school house.
Sixth and Rampart streets, upon the sup
position that negroes had stored arms and
ammunition in the building. Unopposed
they had no difficulty In gaining posses
sion and firing the structure, destroying
it completely. The school building was
erected a few years ago by the city and,
being devoted exclusively to the educa
tion of the negro children, it was named
for the well known colored philanthropist.
No negroes were found in the school
house, but a number who emerged from
houses In the vicinity were pursued for
Quite a distance.
WOMAN DRINKS POISON
IN A NEW YORK HOSPITAL
Called Ostensibly to See William E.
Dodd. a Patient. With Whom
She Was Infatuated.
N^KTV TORS, July r Si. — A woman 5aia
to be Sligs Elizabeth Elair cf Bt Louis
committed suicide in the Presbyteriaa
Hospital in this city this evening by
dr:rk!r.g carbolic acid. She entered the
b - LtaJ about r.oon and asked to see Wil
::..::-. H. Dodd. assistant manager cf the
-\m*-ric2.n Expr<-f.« Company, who is a
rr.tlaria :..atit r.t at the nospital. She said
¦ :.-.} corne frcm Philadelphia to t-ee !
Mr. Dodd. ar.-i avked if any other persons
had called on him. The chief cierk told
j. : -.-..: I [a Hanc«e had visited h:m.
-Tbat s fur.r.y," she said. "I'm his
: . • too."'
The clerk f.r.ally allowed her to visit
'.'.- r»>du. Phe rcmair.td lzx the ward
about an hour and then left the hospital.
She return '. >.:trr and. throwing a let
ter on Uxe chief clerk's dtrsk. drar.k from
: ¦ .-: U< idd. She ci*~& in less
hour, v-ithout regaining con
: .-• ess.
The letter fhe threw on the chief
clerk'i • : waa addressed to Mr. Dodd
¦:.ly LHar Husband — I have taken poi-
E r. Havo ~y bocy cremated. Gel my
tr.:r.r? Croa Morgan's and my trunk and
I .¦-.::, at Fortieth t <-t and send them
;• ::.• Vtrnr loring wife. "
Xj'idd paid the woman was Mi?s Eliza
beth Eia:r. and came from St. I^ouis. He
would pive r.o further explanation than
I . .-ay: "She came from Philadelphia to
Fee me. She has been Infatuated with
ine end !o:-i a zcod position on account
cf me." __
JURY IN THE JESTER
CASE INSTRUCTED
ITact cf the Prisoner's Breaking Jail
to Be Looked Upon as a Pre
sumption cf Guilt.
ST. IX'flP. July 27.— A s^K-cial to the
Pcst-DiFrstch from New London. Mo.,
rays that the court in the trial cf Alexan
der Jtster. ehurjred with the murder of
OHbert "VV. Gates, to-day charged the
• u -v. The jury was instructed that its
jr.eiabtrs are the sole judges cf the evi
cer.ee ?.nd the credibility of the witne5<=es.
and that where a person charged with
er:ir:e breaks jail and intentionally «-sca;>*-s
from the officers to avoid trial, such «*s
cape. In th*» absence of qualifying circum
ftar.ccF. raises a presumption of guilt.
The dcfer.s? ha.i admitted that Jester
troke o'j; of the Mexico Jail.
The coyrt lurther instructed the Jury
that BDleci they ""d from the- evidence in
the case that Gilbert W. Girtes is dead
end that he came to his death through the
criminal agr-sry of porrse person and
the ;>-'-rtcn ss the defendant, s.r.3 that the
defendant murdered Gilbert W. Gates Jn
the rcarr.fr a*d by the means charge! in
potre count of the indictment, the J-Jry
EbosM acrjuit the defendant.
J H. Rod^-s of Sedal!a opened the arjru
nest for the State. H? was followed by
Jr,sc;.h S. Mclntyre for the defer.se. \V. S.
T-^-^rt of <^r.icepo win close the argument
for the State -eit Tu'-fiay afternoon.
MEXICANS DEFEATED
BY MAYA INDIANS
Government Trcps Under General
Bravo "Were Otitzminbsred
Tts-o to One.
•CETT- ORLEANS. July 27.— News
reached this city to-n5srht of a desperate
battle between the Mexican troops and
the Yucatan, or Maya. Indians, in which
the Government troops were badly routed
erd iost heavilr-
Th!s is th<? enjrag-erocr.t which has been
ETt-aited with the greatest anxiety in Mex
ico City. The Mexicans had been chasing
the Maya IndSans in Yucatan for several
months, but could never get them into a
nrateht fpht up to the time when the
meeting of the two forces? took place, at a
poir.t about fifteen tniles cut of Sau Luis,
the capita! nf the Ir.rtian tribe.
General I3rsvo commar.dc-J the Mexican
troops, and it is raid that he had about
3V*:> men. Th" Maya Indians numbered
COGO ¦warriors, rji'l it was discovered that
they were armf-d with the most modern
BATTLE WITH ROBBERS.
Citizens Attack Men Who Hud At
tempted to Rob a Bank.
RICHMOND. Kansas. July Tl. — Citizens
£t midnight last night engaged In a street
fight with a gang of robbers who had at
texnpted to r<Jb the Bank of Richmond.
Several phots were e-xchanged and it Is
thought one robber wa? wounded. Bloo<!
hounii! have been put on their tracks.
The robbers had blovrn the safe door
Into the street, and the noise of the ex
plOElon brought a crowd to the scene. No
Z2os.ey vr&s secured.
PROMINENT DELEGATES AT THE CHRISTIAN CONVENTION.
f peci*I Despatch to The C*:i.
SANTA CRUZ. July 27.— An army of
Christian young workers, under the
Christian Endeavor banner, are in
convention to-day at Garfield Park.
The convention is characterized by enthu
siasm.
The Endeavcrers convened early. At 6
o'clock the bell from the tabernacle called
them to sunrise prayer - meeting-. The
young people made their way to Chris
tian Endeavor rock, and on the cliffs be
side the sea they worshiped. Prayers
were offered and songs of praise arose- oa
the momir.g breeze. The Rev. C. W. Jop
son of Los Gatos led this impressive ser
vice, and the thoughts expressed were on
"Lessons From the Cross."
At S o'clock ther* were devotional exer
cises. An address on "A Model Christian
Endeavor Society" was given by the
State president, Dr. J. Durham. Mrs. El
lanora Scholes then made an address on
"Our Pledge." The sermon of the morn
ing was by the Rev. J. J. Morgan of
Woodland on "The Mission of the Chris
tian Endeavor Society."
The Rev. Hiram Van Kirk, dean of the
Berkeley Bible Seminary, gave a study
this afternoon in "The Teachings of Al
exander Campbell." historically consid
ered. The evening sermon was by the
Rev. J. E. Donovan of College City.
The officers elected for the coming year
¦were- President, W. G. McMillan. Sacra
mento; vice president, J. M. Landrum.
Fresno; corresponding secretary. Miss
Unnie Wa!ker. Watsonville: treasurer.
Miss Vesta Vail. Berkeley: recording
secretary. Rev. H. W. Powers. Colusa;
Junior superintendent. Mrs. D. W. Pow
ers. Colnsa.
The following were selected as district
superintendents:
Xapa— Miss Nettie Booth of Napa.
Sacramento— Miss Xaomi Baker of Red
I5:uff.
Kres»*o-^J. N. Rcss of Stockton.
c an Jose — G W. Burdick of San Jose.
Bay— Mrs. Frank Ford of Saa Fran-
cieco.
The treasurer reported receipts $153 05,
disbursements $157 t>5.
Miss Vesta Vaii ' reported for the obitu
ary commitiee ."ind sr^'Jto of these mem
bers who had passed away during the
year. Encouraging reports v ere given by
the district superintendents. The Rev.
Thomas I.awson. the Rev. R. L. McHat
tcn. the Rev. H. Martin and Mr. McMil
lan, of the committee on future work.
reported that the Endeavorers should
continue to support the Berkeley church,
and that in each society a committee be
appointed to secure members for the park
association.
The Christian Sunday-school convention
closed by electing the following officers
for the coining year: President, the Rev.
C. \V. Jopson of Los Gatos; vice president.
Mrs. Henry Shadle of Sacramento: sec
retary, F. B. Sapp of San Jose. These
officers, with the Rev. R. H. Sawyer of
VTatscnville and the Rev. J. H. Durham
of Irvington, constitute the executive
committee.
The convention adopted a new consti
tution and by-laws, and decided that the
Sunday-schools of the State support Mrs.
Mil!er*of Tokio. Japan, as their mission
arv.
The most important committee of the
convention— the council of ten— has been
appointed. It is to arrange the pro
gramme and do much -work in reg-ard to
the convention. The committee is con
stituted as follows: The Rev. J. J. Mor
gan of Woodland, the Rev. W. H. Martin
of Fresno, the Rev. Hiram Van Kirk of
Berkeley. th< j Rev. Peter Colvin of Santa
Rosa, the Rev. B. F. Bonnell of Geyser
vllle the Rev. C. W. Jopson of Lo? Gatos.
the Rev. R. H. Sawyer of Watsonville.
the Rev J. S. Hughes of Chico, the Rev.
F. B. Sapp of San Jose, the Rev. J. P.
Darjritz of Lakeport.
The officers of the Christian Endeavor
convention in session are: President, Dr.
J H. Durham, Irving-ton: first vice presi
dent, G. B. Burdick cf San Jose: second
vice president. Mr. Murdock of Fresno;
third vice president. Miss Ida Welch of
Palo Alto: secretary. G. W. Mclntyre of
Saiinas: treasurer. Dr. J. Hodgkins of
CANNERS WILL
HOT TREAT WITH
THE FISHERMEN
Reject the Overtures Made
by the Commissioner
of Labor.
Declare They Will Never Recognize
the Union, and as a Result
There May Be Benewed
Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 27.— The Ste
veston salmon canners to-night refused to
listen to any proposition of Labor Com
missioner Bremner on behalf of the fish
ermen. They say they are done with the
union and will never recognize any or
ganization n{ white fishermen.
The fishermen had to-day agreed with
J. A. Bremner, the Dominion Government
Labor Commisvicner, to recede from their
position partially and accept the offer of
20 cents a fish made by the Fraser River
canners. The fishermen had demanded 25
cents. The only concession asked by the
fishermen is that their union be recog
nized. The canners had objected to treat-
Ing with the union as an organized body,
alleging that the union was being run by
unwise agitators and Socialists, and that
if they recognized the union the men
might be continually striking for trivial
causes.
Bremner declared that the Socialist
leaders were not members of the union,
and therefore could not be treated with.
To the second objection he urged that
the canners are borrowing trouble, and
that the fishermen have a* much right to
form a union as the canners to form a
combine. The fishermen as a body go to
the river to fish, not to look for "trouble,
he declares.
When Bremner submitted the terms to
the cannera they point blank declined any
compromise. What will be done now Is
problematical. The refusal is liable to
cause trouble.
The Indians have definitely decided to
start out fishing- on Sunday night, even if
a settlement is not reached in the mean
time, and many of the white fishermen
show signs of breaking away from the
union. Chief of Provincial Police Murray
thinks that the strike may be over -by
Sunday.
it is probable that the militia will be
•withdrawn from Steveston on Saturdav
night unless some threatened breach oi
the peace develops to-morrow.
Run of Salmon Is Light and the Sea-
SOTTNT> CANNEES ANXIOUS.
son Will Be Unprofitable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAIRHAVEN, Wash, July 27.— The
salmon canners on Puget Sound arc
growing anxious over the run of fish this
year. At this time last season they had
about half their pack up, whereas they
have caught practically nothing yet. This
is what Is known as an of! year, being
considered by old fishermen the lightest
in a series of four. It is too early to
predict a failure cf the run. although the
prcspects are that it will be small. The
outlay of the companies In this vicinity in
preparing for the season was heavy. "The
Pacific American Fisheries Company
alone is said to have expended nearly
JtK'0,000. Thousands of Chinamen, under
contract to the various canneries, are
idle, and a great payroll of white labor
also goes on.
CO^ON. July 27.- The Liberal rebellion
Va t..!s department has er.ded after the
*.acrtfice cf mere than CM lives, the Lib
era.s bavtac be*n the greatest sufferers,
vr-:le the vosnded numbered many huo
cre.,«. I> r . Mer.doza. representing' the
Liberals, ard General Aiban. arranged
yesterday fcr a cessation of hostilities.
the Colombian Liberals b-ir.g- ridged to
surrender their arms ar.d being guaran
teed iheir freedom from prosecution and
the retention of a'.! political rights. The
who tock ?:<«<.-•= v.iih the re**el*
*re to be banished within a week. Gen
eral herrora and Dr. Paras, who were
ecuve in the revolutionary interests, have
Already left Par.Ma.
r..e -work cf burying the dead en both
tiaes is in prepress. Panama has been
ranged Into the deepest incurring by the
loss of inar.y of its prominent men. *
Kjn both sides Jn this connect i^e at— -i.es
were provided r.ith anr-s of the latest
models.
Oa July £1 the rebels occupied rising
grro-und near th» Corso'. railway eta.tion
:r. the outskirts of Panama. The ba.;tie
wasted from • a. n. to 10 a. m.. resulting
::. tajcr of the rt-u-is. The wounded iiuxn
hCT&i f;xty. A truce was then c^-ra_ri&-d
until S p. m. of the following- cay.
The g-ood cilices of the British Consul
¦were acc»*pt*d. tat the Government Jinal
ly decided to cieft-nd the citv to the last,
in tht- meantime GenercJ Lcsaxia, the
O:'ver:ir..fr.t ccntmantier. took refuge oa
the British cruiser Leander. At 3 p. m.,
July If. the corien-AC'-a having- terminat
ea a^id the iri;^ beir.g- at an end. the
rebel cannon opened tire and their gun
boata could be maneuvering.
Tre reply cf the Govc-rnmer.t forces -was
ineffective and about this time rebel re
inforcements could be plainly seen land
ing near Farfar, where cannon were
mounted and directed against La Boca.
Ihese made excellent in-actice. property
eutJerinf: much and many persons Letng
killed. Ail Tuesday tht? battle raged.
}":ghtir.g went on in }he very streets of
thi ciiy. especially In Santa Ana Park.
Jr. the heart of Panama. I>ead and muu
la.ted bodies were etrewn ail around. It
was a fearful eight. M;±ny noncona-
La:ar.ts wc-re killed.
There was no fighting durir.g the day
time of July 15. but it was resumed at 6
i». in. uad the roar of cacnoa and rifles
ni beard all rJght, Th* rebel loss was
terr'.Sc and the arrival of Government re
inforcements from Colon rendered their
cause hopeless. The number of dead
compared with those wounded indicated
the ettibbomntss of the battle.
2ilany Foreigners Who Participated in
the Movement Have Already Left
and All Will Be Banished
Within a Week.
Liberal Rebellion in Colom
bia Is Now at an
End.
SIX HUNDRED
KILLED IN THE
PANAMA FIGHT
WORSHIP ON THE CLIFFS
BY THE SEA AT SUNRISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.L,, SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1900.
POSTAL RATES TO THE
ISLAND POSSESSIONS
Mail Sent to Philippines or Porto
Rico Subject to Domestic
Classification.
WASHINGTON. July 27.— Postmaster
General Smith has promulgated an im
portant peneral order giving the postage
rates between the United States and
inland possessions.
It directs that all mail sent from the
United States to the Island of Guam, the
Philippine Arrhiprlago. or Tutuila. In
cluding all adjacent islands cf the Samoan
group which nrc poscensUffiS of the United
States, cr from all thei=e to the United
States, or from" one Island to another,
shall be subject to the United States do
mestic cla«=lf.catlcn. conditions and rates
cf oostage. The term United States in
cludes Porto Rico and Hawaii.
All mails sent from the United States
or its island possessions to Cuba .or vice
versa will be subject to the Postal Union
rates and conditions, except that the do
mestic rates, etc.. will apply to mail sent
bv or addressed to persons In the United
States military, naval or civil service In
Cuba, if properly Indorsed and marked
and postage is fully prepaid.
Oil Exchanges Consolidate.
Sp-cial Disrttch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 27.— The California
Oil Exchange held a meeting this after
noon at which it was voted unanlnaously
to consi^Jldate the two exchanges on the
terms ottered by the Los Angeles Oil Ex
change.
FLAMES SWEEP
BUCKLEY, A TOWN
OF WASHINGTON
Destruction of Seven Business
Houses, Burning o? Twelve
Horses and Narrow t"s
caps of Laundrym;n.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 2T.-Fire at Buck
ley destroyed four buildings and the
greater portion of their contents, caus
ing a loss of CP.OM with little Insurance
at 1 o'clock this morning. The flre started
In Bank's Livery Stable, where nvelve
horses were burned, and spread to the
Standard Hotel and the Pioreer Restau
rant. By hard work the flre was cot
under control at 4 o'clock. The Orenscr.
brothers had a narrow escape. They were
sleeping over their laundry and the flames
spread so rapidly they did not have time
to dress. The losses are as follows:
Standard Hotel. COW: Bank.*, livery sta
bles, two: a. S. I'fdal*. st.ire building
$2«tt: Harvey Clock. J*W»: Summit Saloon
building, |2»Q, Insured $1200: A. T. Rogers,
saloon stock. COO. insured: Martin
Grauss stock of merchandise, loss KoO. In
sured.
Other losses bring the total up to C9.00D.
MLAJRSHAjL OS3OBNE WINS.
Secures ths Express Package Con
signed to Sisjafus.
LOS AXOELES. July 27.— A year a?o
the dispatcher told of a sensational rob
bery at a Chicago railroad depot. The
valise o? J. M. Si^afus. alleged to con
tain papers and securities worth thou
sands of dollars, having been stolen. ?;»,i
fi:s* creditors began an investigation and
tracked a parcel to Los Angles* which
had been sent through by express. An
attachment suit was begun in the United
States Circuit Court, and later the ex
presf company began a suit in inter
pleader against J. M. Sigafus and United
States Marshal Osbom? to determine who
had right to take delivery of the parcel.
Judge Allen to-day pave judgment in fa
vor of United States Marshal Osborne.
¦Whether the package contains bank notes
or linen nobody stems to know.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 27.— Th* Czar ana
Czartea. received the Rev. Dr. T. DeWltt Tli
mage to-day at tie Petsrho* Pilfcca.
URGES THE SMALL
TOWNS TO SEE
TO SANITATION
»
Or. Look Discusses His Visit to
Jackson and Other Points
and Says fc mallpox
Is Stamped Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAJIEKTO. July 27.— Dr. H. H.
Look, commissioned by the State Board
of Health to visit the districts where
smallpox has broken out, has fulfilled his
mission and returned to report.
Dr. Look insists that the disease
has been practically stamped out
Dr. Look seems t<5 oppose the theory
advanced bv Dr. TV. J. Hanr.a, of the
State Board of Health, that the recent
appearance of the disease was due to its
having: been brought from the Kast. Dr.
Look has made a painstaking search for
the f n cts and has ascertained that the
lour-score of cases which have recently
created so much alarm wore tracable to
the fact that a cigarmaker infected with
the dl^ase had gone from San .Francisco
to Marysvllle and communicated th*
disease to a fellow workman. The cigar
niaVer soon recovered. His fellow work
men communicated the disease to one or
tvo others. A hotel man from Rio Vista
v^ltinc Alarysville. returned home and
communicated tho smallpox to three
othr>r< A resent of Jafk'~on. Amacor
County, journeyed to Gait. Sacramento
Countr ana then betook himself to Itlo
Vista " '"When he returned to Jackson a
few weeks later he had the smallpox.
That was before the disease had suc
cumbed to the strict quarantine.
Kortv-two persons In Jacsson were
down 'with it. Marysvllle. meanwhile,
was congratulating Itself upon haying
effected cures in all the cases spread bv
the cigarmaker. when another arrival
from Hio Vista appeared and gave the
disease a fresh start in the town. But in
all places the malady has been practically
wiped out. There were but two deaths—
one at Rio Vista and one at Jackson —
while the number of cases in all the towns
affected reached sixty-two. t as follows:
Rio" Vista, 4 cases: Marysville 1G cases:
T ack«;on, 42 cases. Dr. Look declares that
there Is immediate necessity for a num
ber of the smaller towns in the State to
give attention to the matter of better
sanitation. Improvements In this direc-
tion would do much, he declares, to re
move the dangers of disease epidemics.
i Dr. Look spoke highly of the public
spirit of the people of Jackson in comply
ing with the necessary quarantine regu
lations which he established arbitrarily,
and. as he admits, without authority of
law.
JACKSOX. July 27.— Another case of
smallpox was reported here to-day and
another house quarantined. Miss Rose
Green, employed as a printer on the
Ledper, is the victim. She lives -with the
family of Undertaker Huberty, -who has
burled the two victims of the disease.
Miss Green Is a si3ter of Mrs. Peek, who
suffered the most violent attack of any
here, but Miss Oreen has not been In the
neighborhood of her sister's house re
cently. Kent, the other undertaker, will
not handle the remains of those who die
of smallpox, and Huberty Is now under
quarantine.
5
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | TH3 EMPORIUM.
Senor Antonio Var-. g-—~~ 5£&JIff&tffelK^l!HI B A M ~ chocl Children
Marq^ardt? a Te7e C Sll?*. - * -S^f 3 Given Careful
brated harpiste, at Em- ™ GoMUm ICnle WtSkXSk ar. «^ Attention in School
porium Concert to-night. California's larqest~america-s grandest store. Sapp , y Depa rtments.
Sensational Saturday Sales !
Close buying, immense sales, department store methods
are the factors that make these prices possible.
oi'-H 1 ! 1 * 1 ? ? i-:-!****: 1 : : 1 : ; 1 : i: : H-i-fr***"!-:-!-:":-!"! ¦: -i ¦: : : i : : : 1 1 1 1 1 14-^4-m i : : : : i :o
I With Every School Suit Bought Here {
I To-Day We Give Free a Reliable Watch. |
X Bovs' A'l Wool 2-pieco Suite, Boys' Sty hh 3'pleoo Suits, Bovs' Long Pants Suits, 5
2 made cf pretty Cassimere acd Fan made of All- Wool Fancy Ca?siinera made exactly like a nan's, for age3 4.
J. B'.ueCieviot.djcble seat and double or Fast Bias Cheviots: seine very 13 to 19 years; A!l-Wool B na and •{•
J. knee?, ekes for 8 to 16 jeirs. To- ¦ pretty patterns; pants have double Fancy Cheviot. To - day. wi:h £
•[• day, with a watch $3.45 seats and knees. To - day. with watch _ $4*85 X
jl. Eighy other styles 2-piece Suits, watch $4.95 O^lore than trent; other stvles *
V ranging in price from $2.45 Twenty other stvles ? - piece Long Pants Suits trom $6.00
2 to$/.}0. Suits from $3.95 to $10.00. to $15.00. 2
75 G Books st * ndard 35b - ar y Bargain J a cffer .^ Satu f- 1 Men's A \t- Wool working
forihe. s b rr k Jn b g ° a r^ !« Ribbons. SPSS *»»'* $*'**- 5*S itS
c'oth, printed f-om c R'b"ro3.% plain, fancy, moire and Per- fabrics, ia d2rk azd light colors.
•^^¦s^SSs-j laree o->ea-fa-ed type siac, from 2 to 4 inches wide, at the q^ well nide, serviceable $2 53 Trous-
ipi in "every wav "suitable vary special price per yard *T«-' era; on special sale to- jm~
Jl for library and CDEstsnt Bargain Tablea-ilain Aisle. d^Y
, ¦" ! ! u?e ; 1S5* title-, the Second Aisle— Right of Entrance.
! £> * vC w \j works of famous au-
'co?*** v thor-s; puHr-h'-rs' price Bargain In To-day only (Satur- Bargain in 250 Lace Cur-
J I gg^^f^ Ladies ' Be!tSm )- >12w1S G " rtsin £V " fe - «" -o^i'/S
*~*" — 2&%JG . Woit? Kid Be'ts, ! lon^, in all widths; suitable for sash.
' *" J *^^^-~^. BOt " °dd3 and door or ri:g!e window?; at special
Bargain Tables— Main Aisle. ~B§^ end», bat a spe- prices tc-da-, ran;in? from
vE^§^q>t.«^) gjg^ cial purchase o-" 25 o to $3.25 Each*
(?^-~-\y —^^^ EeW 8t - Tle £C0< * 3 ' Curtain Dep't.— Back of Elevator.
Bargain in i n p e- h3e^£ : ;- oa . •**• vn<* : 2 Z
Ladies' Nectiwear. I i a . 1 IsoL^fe. > uk ; Bar 9?' n '* Fl^ u T B e . r :
Scarfs ~rt^=^ t.aaies »ac . *% «#//*» O n an ra ' do Iaooried
Persian and floral eff.cts. ia a lartre «d 75s Belts; ! ¦•«» i»eoud/|i Italian Castile
range of colorings; regular valaes 25c black, seal tan ar.-i brown 31 rocco; ia a Siap for the toilet and bath; 100O full
and 35c each; a big special -— g-od assortment of new styits; «- weight 2-:b 20c bars, on sals tfyf
purchase, on sa'e Saturday lH"G on sale to-day, each iSiiJO Saturday at K**D
Bargain Tables— Main Aisle. Bargain Tables— Main Aisle. Toilet Article Department— Rotunda.
Special Sale %>t* School „..,„, . A . ui.. ? to?ct»^ S Men's s~\
f aaC y plaids, regularly 25c eich, „ ' AMOTHER BUTTER J Worsted
on special sale to-dav *^ C ; rt*" ; TO" DAY<?i^ Suits /wr S.
Bovs' Sailor CaDS. Felt Telescope Hits ani | *>* r\
t'he large Felt Sailors, a drummer's N^^CP^ A $13.90. if [
satnole line, worth regularly from <<^. ...g ' J COT ""*=5r>' yfl*^ T , D , ~ /» / /
51.01 to ?250 each, on „ X^ Th^^ / Q
special pale to-dav %9%9G >4y -* ~ *• I L <^^*
Hat Department— Main Floor. ¦ Lutaway H />¦ 75j5r*
S\b/ more than 3 squares to a Frock and \ + d JXj r
Bargains in Some customer. PnccsAibert / i/ /O^(
Meg's Furnishings. •«£ ¦ U^/^a
aryva'uosin Shirts, Socks --_ &**Bm*+**t B*%*%i*** us at $20.00, V \ [
and Bay' Neckw?a-. &Gf3O@3 MSOOilS c^e of the ¦ \ \ \ f
MEN"? SlEECERIZED COT- • T ,_ very best of \ AV '.**" AJ |M^
TON SOCKS -Back, ta-js. igjj Sitti ScHOOB S UppllCS. imported '•
cardinals ani El.iie, lock /:'.:; \ black wor- w A\
jtnt like silk, 35 dozen /jyijjjj A Qrx^riQl 8teds ' £a?3t I // V
pairs on sale to-day only— /\ OpcLld.1 OCIIUUI lisiags, all " I /j I /
3 pairs for 50g lM ! PnnL- Qnr\ Qiinnlw ¦i«s-cn 1/ /
iiex^crefe golf smRTi l;;!!ii| BOOK OUppiy jg^} a pJ« Jl/ ///
J0B> Department— Sell- $i3.ad
an importer who closed /&&/' ] nrf oil rJr fU A n Second Alsle-RJ-ht of Entrance.
out to ns his entire j^y^ *''& "'» LllC dU"
stock of thh line of , . j , f l i Bargains in Best Half » do*-
££Z3?o thonzed textbooks EnamaM Ware .
KEN'S PERCALE GOLF SHIRTS -In • that Will DC USeCl °^e of the heaviest and best qa^ty
tprettv striped . ,1 n • StS ° D M ' '^ "
Sect's, hi. in the Primary, •^S^&S^lS?iSS
trope color, the /^ y J \ A^ _ 1 J" K ,« **
balance of a (ir^mm^r flUCl o 7^"^-"" ff G
purchase, on High Schools for the ensu- I mB 7 "iT-a^-Z
Fale Saturd3v — •¦'*•« ¦ hi-j r / "^S* ¦ i "* '* l ~ rt ioc
each... -« ing terms; also all kinds of / Duhpaa. to-
Eoys'nes- school stationery and school fcfe^ffi^^l^iSr 4S
a^|^«» ¦ supplies at department g
ia! S , Puffs, etc. store prices — on main floor, l^_Jfgy 2-<part 3: c stew,
annnusallvgood \\r>rV nf m'nnrii . ** T>an3. to-da.y.25 r s
lot of neckw»ar rO:UnG3. tec Cream Freezers— YTi
in nice, bright, o> ..-.. .,?¦.„.„.„?,.?„?........,„?.,.„.„..,,„..,. ...,. Q too n'Bj cf th* 4-quari siz- 3 of
HSH attractive pat- § """""? the ««»«' *** Mountain P.««?n;
t • ,, , VT tera3 ' jlst Ifce ' 3: Great S*!e of i flr^SS^° i; the^sUS
hnd for rchool b\v.% oaspec:ai €0% \x _ _._ ; lOr " acr "*- v ov ? i>*»M
ea e (SitnHiyt «->ch .. S&C \ i. LSOBCS SflQeS 2 ; Ma!n Floor-Rear.
Men's Furnishing Diep't— TTiird Section. 4- __ . _ __. ¦ _ __ X. \ —
— ~ f F^dafon K^Bmzn & Fax, J. Barg3 ; n /„ 8W ,
Ssiecial (aadrirt lxi rib- jl Bought by us at * PJavina Cards rf Eaporina
>Lv"»? _jf m fast b 2ck cotton -r : eqaal to any _^^ .
UfttiSSren S bo-e, dcnb'ekn?e, *j* New stylish shoes jast from the fac- Ti 35 C glazed / *> A I
Cotton heel and sole, t ioT ?'' com P le * ? jiae3 of ? > 2?s a ad \\ «rd on the / A /? I
HnSBm made of a donbe X widths ia all of the 11 Stylos, y market. on A—^^C^JL*
twisted M a c o 4. Th e be«t that caa be made at tha i. sale to-day _^l^v^^^^»
T*rs, saft and elastic, sizes 6 to 9J.' t rezuhr priefs; 03 ?a'e nor: « only, per pack
' ,».. f nr t hi s dav oniv Der - — 1 s - M Shoes. St.<«> J3 50 STir^s..ft2J7 4- £/>*» _rT>$^- T^ " —
on sa.e iot _inis cay on.y, per f/*^ J. J3 w shoes.. *i.»s js 00 EJio»s..Jt3J« 4- MUG -^ /^ i^~>
dozen $1.6o, per p.ir 1<*G j ? ; ± Bargain Tables
Second Aisle— Left of Entrance. lOv.v.v.v.-iV.'VT'.vv'.'vvr.vvO Main Aisle. -^"^Reception to Mrs. St. John
CALIIOENIANS IN NEW YORK. |
scriber. Big Pir.e. Inyo County. Ca!. Tfca
President of the United States has not
the power to declare war. That power is
vested in Congress. The 11th clause of
section S article I. of the constitution
Fays: "Congress shall have power to de
clare war."
MANHATTAN IST^ANT> — Subscriber,
City. Manhattan Island is an island on
which the greater part of the city of New
Tork stands. The city of New Tork ts
identical with the county of New York,
and since the annexation of a part of
Westchester County, by legislative act of
1S7-4. the city comprises the whole of Man
hattan Island. Blackwell'a Ward and
Randall Islands in the East River. Gov
ernor's Island In the Upper Bay and the
part of the mainland north between the
extremity of Manhattan Island and the
city of Yonkers. < * ...
FREE THINKER-Reader. City. If a
free thinker- is called as a witness In a
court of justice in California, and he does
not wish to be sworn when called upon to
testify, he must affirm that what he will
tfstifr to shell be tho truth, the whole
truth and nothing but the truth. Affirma
tion if a solemn declaration-^ which in
the case of members of certain" religious
persuasions, la admitted in place of a:t
onth. In Great Britain, the statute or
r*69 extended the right of making affir
mation in a court of justice tn all on
whose conscience an oath would not be
binding.
Dwight HolHster. a rancher of Court
land. Is at the Orand.
E. A- Eaton, a prominent merchant of
Salinas, Is at the Lick.
F. B. Chandler, a merchant of Elmlra,
Is registered at the Lick.
Ex-Senator Solon Holl of Sacramento
is registered at tho Grand.
M. E. Sherman and wife of Los Angelea
are registered at the Palace.
Thomas O. Toland of the State Board
of Equalization is at the Lick.
Ralcijrh Barear, a newspaper man of
Vacavllle, Is a guest at the Lick.
W. P. Thomas, a, well known attorney
of tikiah, is registered at the Grand.
George J. Dennis, a well-known polltir
clan of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
Coionel R. L. Peeler of the Governor's
stafT is in the city. He is registered at
the California. ; ; '
Dr. M. A. Rehert of the United States
army is a guest of the Occidental while
en route to Manila.
\V. J. Madden, the mining engineer, has
gone to Norris. Mont., to construct a large
electric power plant.
A. H.] R. Schmidt, cashier of the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society, is ill at
his residence. 2627 California street. Mr.
Schmidt is 'suffering from an attack of
typhoid fever.
Second Lieutenant George F. Young,
Thirty-sixth Infantry, arrived on the
transport "Warren last night and is reg
istered at the Occidental. Lieutenant
Young was the only officer permitted to
land. He has nothing of importance to
tell of the situation in the islands.
- -
rROM any point of view that may be taken of it,
the movement for making Admission day cele
bration one of exceptional brilliancy this year
appears of advantage to every interest of the city
and the State. Such a festival as has been arranged
for in the programme of the Native Sons, if it bi
tltly carried out, will attract the attention of the whole
country. It will bring thousands of visitors to the
city and advertise the resources of the State in a
manner sufficiently striking and magnificent to make
a deep impression upon the public mind.
In the benefits sure to accrue from the attraction oi
so many strangers to the city all business men oi
every class and line of trade are sure to profit to a
greater or less extent. Among them all, therefoie,
there should be a spirit of liberality in contributing
to the fund required for the enterprise. An enlight
ened self-interest would be in itself sufficient to
prompt to such contributions, even were there no
other incentive. It will be clear to every intelligent
mind that the more attractive the display of the cele
bration be made, the larger will be the number of
outside visitors and consequently the greater will be
the increase of trade.
The estimate that upward of $250,000 will be
brought to the city and put into circulation during
the festival is by no means excessive, provided the
outside public be well assured that the celebration
will be truly magnificent. The people of the city have
it. therefore, in their power to add profit to pleasure
by contributing a sum that will enable the Native :
Sons to realize all their plans for the occasion and
make it the most splendid and beautiful celebration
ever witnessed on this side of the continent.
For your own sake, then, as well as for the credit
of the city and the glory of the State, you should
give a prompt and liberal help to the movement. Put
up the coin. The cause is a good one. What is given
will be returned with big profits in the lively trade
that will follow the influx of thousands of visitors to
the city.
At last we are to have an opportunity to learn
with just how many wives our illustrious fellow citi
zen, the Sultan .of Sulu. adorns his court. The cen
sus of the Philippine Islands is to be taken, and it i?
reasonably safe to say that the figures will be written
The United States Circuit Court has in all judicial
seriousness established the character of mixed drinks.
Those that are kept in stock are, in the opinion of
the high tribunal, very much more valuable than those
that are made to meet the exigencies of thirst.
The time seems opportune for some enterprising
gambler to make a book on the quarrel of the police,
the pool-sellers and the courts, to see who will hoid
the winning hand when the issue is determined.
The New York investigators of the Cuban post
office scandals are becoming painfully facetious.
They have announced in all seriousness that the post
office safe was always open.
The only legitimate position yet assumed by the
pool-sellers in the police courts is their very candid
and truthful admission that they have no defense.
PERSONAL MENTION.
CHINATOWN ONCE MORE.
B RESIDENT SBARBORO cf the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association is now trav
eling in Italv, and in a letter from Rome pub
lished in The Call yesterday he makes many gratify
ing statements concerning the superiority of the
United States, and particularly of California, over
Europe. He notes that the fame of our State for
beauty and for [fmtfulness i; so high in Europe that
some of the choicest pleasure resorts in the Riviera
are called "Caiifornie." and he predicts: "The time
will come, I am sure, when tourists will come to Cali
fornia from all parts of the world, for we have many
gins of nature possessed by no other country on the
It is to be regretted that in giving, that testimony
to the superiority of our State Mr. Sbarboro could
not be equally laudatory of our city. He noted in
European cities a thoroughness of public improve
ments which we have not attained here. In com
menting upon what has been done in Paris, Genoa
and Rome to ciear away the slums, and to increase
the morality and the health as well as the beauty oi
the municipality, he says: "I assure you, sir, that if
that plague spot of Chinatown was in the heart of
any city either in the United States or Europe it
would not remain there three months. It has already
cost San Frar.ci?co more than several times its value.
People I talk with cannot understand how we can
tolerate such a terrible plague spot in our midst. I
hope to see the day when a beautiful garden will take
its place."
This letter comes opportunely to recall public at
tention once more to the discredit Chinatown casts
upon the city. Xo intelligent man will • dispute the
statement that "it has already cost San Francisco
several times its value." The foulness which exists
not only in its purlieu?, but in and along the main
Streets that traverse it*, brought upon us a quarantine
whose evil effects have not yet been overcome, and
remains to menace us with the danger of another
quarantine, or possibly of a plague. It is a source of
invariable surprise to visitors that such a blot upon
the city is endured, and the reports they give of it
are greatly injurious to the reputation of the com
munity.
Thi? blight upon tne city exists solely because the
health laws of the municipality are not enforced.
Were the sanitary ordinances carried out in China
town with the same degree of care that is given to
them elsewhere, the grosser evils of the quarter
would be removed at once. The question of remov
ing the Chinese from that locality is one that at pres
ent is not a practical i?sue. but the enforcement of
c!ear.Hne?s there is a practical issue, and is. moreover,
one of imperative urgency.
To remove Chinatown would cost millions, but to
compel the owners of Chinatown property to keep
their buildings in sanitary condition should not cost
any more than i? required to compel the owners of
property in other localities to obey the law. The is
sue is a simple one. It involves no problem of a
perplexing character. The application to Chinatown
of laws that are applied to every other part of the city
would, in fact, be nothing more than the adoption
of a policy of impartiality in the enforcement of or
dinances that should have been consistently
maintained from the start.
It is the duty of the Health Board to enforce the
sanitary laws, but the board has neglected to do, so.
It is the duty of the Police Department to arrest all
persons violating such ordinances, for every police
man is a health officer, but the Police Department
has been as neglectful of its duty as the Board of
Health. At thi? juncture, then, the public must look
to the Grand Jury for redress. It is true the jury
has much work to do in the investigation of the
Chretien case and the probate frauds: but that busi
ness will not occupy all of its energies. A Grand
Jury report on Chinatown ought to be speedily forth
coming, and along with the report there should b<^
complaint? against every property-owner whose
building? and premises are not kept in conformity
with the health laws.
WHERE RESPOFN3IBILITY RESTS
WHETHER the Republican party is to have a
victory in this city which will amount to a
clean sweep is £. question whose solution rests
with the better elements of the party. A strong com
bination made up of the railroad managers and tho
bosses of both parties has been formed to get con
trol of the State Legislature for the purpose of en
ab!ing the combine in establish the Assembly, Sena
torial 2nd Congressional districts of the State for the
coming decade. That combination the people of San
Francisco can defeat only by giving a cordial sup
pnrt to Republican candidates, and such support will
not be given if unworthy men are nominated on the
Republican ticket.
It is already notable that the Democrats, while de
spairing of carrying the State for Bryan, have sud
denly become inspired with a hope of electing z
Democratic Legislature. From what source that
hope arises is not apparent on the surface of things,
and it can only be conjectured tlm the Bryanite lead
ers have some expectation that the railroad will help
them, and that the would-be Republican bosses of the
saloon element are willing to play into their hands if
occasion serve.
Under such circumstances it is certain the Repub
lican? of San Francisco will have nothing to gain by
any compromise with Crimmins and Kelly or any of
their gang. They are already in close combination
with the railroad. Their purposes are the same as
those of the corporation. They would not be averse
to a Democratic Legislature provided they were as
sured it would carry out the railroad programme.
Upon them, therefore, no reliance can be placed, and
jr. their promises or professions there should be no
trust whatever.
The emergency is one that calls for earnest and
persevering work on the part of all the better ele
ments of the people that make up genuine Republi
canism. The professional men, business men and
the workingmen of the party should at this juncture
enter at once upon the work of campaign. It is their
duty to register, to enroll themselves as members of
the Republican clubs in their districts, to take an ac
tive part in the nomination of district candidates for
the county convention, to vote right in the primaries.
and. in short, to make the fight for honest politics
resolutely and energetically from start to finish.
Where power is lodged, responsibility rests. In thU
content the power to achieve victory for good govern
ment is in the hands of Republicans who represent
the professional, commercial and industrial interests
of the city. They can win if they make an uncom
promisinp contest for honesty and true Republican
ism. They will fall if they make any compromise
¦ More than io.ooo Beers, the dispatches announce,
i will migrate to the United States after the South
} Africr.n war i? over. Judging from the vigor with
I which the contest is ¦still being waged, the migration
I is likely to be indefinitely postponed.
FOR YOUR OWN SAKE.
TRANSPARENCY of "BOXER" BOGEY
A San Franciscan Gives \/oic© to His Impressions
f I AVI KG taken the lead of the world in the use
I I oi automobiles for purposes of pleasure and t>t
*• * trade, the French are now holding the same
proud position with respect to the use of the self
moving vehicle in war. It is stated that the French
armies are. making extensive use of the machines
for transportation- of supplies in their campaigns in
Africa, and that along the valleys of the Senegal and
tlie Niger automobiles are moving about as regularly
as any other style of army transport.
It is strange that the deserts and the jungles of
Africa should be traversed by automobiles before sucu
vehicles have been seen in many parts of the United
States. Such, however, is the effect of advancing
civilization by means of war. The improved machine
goes forward with the banners of battle much faster
than along the highways of peace, and for a while
at least the African sees sights in the way of mechan
ism that large numbers of Americans have never seen.
The success of the Freijch with the automobile
both in peace and in war has been - due mainly to the
fact that they have had the advantage of better roads
lor using snch vehicles than other nations. It is much
cosier to run an automobile along the road* of the
Niger Valley than to run one over the rough plains
of the Transvaal, and consequently French enterprise
has to that extent beaten the British. The latter,
ho.vever. are making earnest efforts to construct an
engine that can be driven over the worst sort of roads,
and from recent reports of experiments it appears
they have achieved a high degree of success.
In a recent experiment with a traction engine near
Manchester the train was made up of a locomotive
and four cars, the first carrying artillerymen, the soc
ond ammunition, the third the necessary platforms andj
pivots, etc., and the fourth two six-inch breechloading
howitzers on their carriages. The locomotive tender
carried water sufficient for a run of fifteen miles and
coal for a longer distance. The run was made across
the country, and the capacity of the machine to climb
hills and drag its load after it was severely tested.
In describing the critical point of the experiment
the Manchester Guardian says: "A real test for the
locomotive was found later on, when a plowed field
was boldly entered. After dexterous steering between
the posts of a five-barred gate the engine found no
difficulty in taking its train across the fallow.
Turning to come back, however, a slight gradient
told against progress, and ultimately the train came
to a standstill in the light, friable loam. Then spuds
or teeth of extra length were attached to the surface
cf the wheels, but >till without securing more than
the churning of the soil. But the resources of civili
zation were not exhausted. The locomotive had
simply to detach itself and go ahead, and then, by the
aid of its windlass, the train was hauled clear of the
fallow and on to the hard road again. Had it been
necessary the wagons could have been rescued in de
tail instead of en bloc. Supposing, however, that the
engine had remained fast? What then? The equiva
lent of a kedge anchor would have been laid out, and
the locomotive would have hauled on her wire rope
till she extricated herself, and then, also with her
windlass, would have brought the trucks on to firmer
ground. Sufficient took place to demonstrate the
suitability of the armored traction train for work in
rough countries like the Transvaal, and it follows
that in more civilized regions, where the principles
first propounded by Mr Macadam are more appre
ciated, the new engine of warfare would be still bet
ter able to go anywhere and do anything."
With ?uch trains and locomotives at their disposal
civilized men will not have much difficulty in over
lrnninR the barbarians. The old difficulties of trans
portation will be well nigh overcome. An army will
be able to march almost anywhere and carry its sup
plies with comparative ease.
5ATU R DAY JULY 23, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
UANAC.nR'S HTFlCK.j . j^.j Pre~^O*
PtKUCATIOS OFFICE. 1 Tblrd * *' *"*
EDITOniAL SOOMS....217~to 221 Ste~».o» St.
Telephone Prrmm 202.
DeII*«r«-« *T Carrier-. »» Cent- Per Week.
Stnirle Cople-. 5 Ce>»*«.
Term, bj M«II. InoladlaK Po«t«**i
PAII-T CALL 0»Cte«!BC f-niar). oo* V«r JJ JJ
DATLT CALL (teeMlac Boatojfc « menth. »¦£
UA-LY CAI.L <!r.c:ud:r.c S^r). I mc=tht. «
DATLT CALL-Ry S!r.cl« Mor.th I >~
BUXPAT CALL Ore Y»ar I"I!!!I!""!!!I L«
C /Ll\ poitmuttri are notboriieli t» receive
• nbacrlptions.
S*2jp!» octl« win bt icrvtrtt* wfcee reqantKi.
MtSl «:b.rrtber» ta BrtataS cfcaar* or *S2-~« .hon-.d *>•
MTOcstar to ri'e *** NEW AND OLD ADOEKSS In crier
Is ' 1& »ur» » prompt taA correct compliance with ttelr r*C3««
uvivLA.NO OFFICE "* 9 Bro«aw»>
C GEORGE KROINESS,
Mena^er Fo-e r gi *dv-rti5ii2. M&rquette Buying. Ch'iCigo.
Ojcz* DUtanoe 7e!«rhCT« "OntriJ K1J."I
NTW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON. _ Heraid Square
NEW TCRK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 33 Tribune Bui'dir.g
CHICAGO NTWS BTA>T>9:
trerK*s Hrc«e; P. O. N*w» Co-: Gr«*t Ncrtb«rB Hotel:
Premcct Ucew; AuSltcrium Hotel
S»w TOP.K NEWS STANDS:
¦Wa:5or--A»?-r'.a Kot«l; A. Ertcuno, n UnJo« Bqcmr.;
Murray H'M HcteL
WASHINGTON ,D. C.» OFRC£ Wellington Hota.
MORTON I. CRANE, C=rTtspond«nt.
i.l> «»<¦»» n»"rt< »"« — f}7 Mcr;txom»ry. r*~ t>»r of T!»t-. /-~»
tmtJI f-^ o'elor*. *C9 Hayes, cpec cntll t:J3 oVlock. «W
UeAOma. open ec'-il l» o'clock, til L*-k'n. er*n ont'.t
»:K c clock :S-i JA!fi:cn. cper. DDtO 10 o-clock. Ktl Mark't.
„.„. Hiiteen-.h. cj»n urtll I c'clock. I09S Valencia, oper.
ixu! * o'clock. :w Eleventh. cp«a until » o'clock. Sff ccr
aer Tw*r.tj-ie-ccn«3 and Kectuckj. cpen nntU » o - clock.
JflMES TflYLOR R.GERS iiS JfNL
JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS, one 01 the most
fhatneles? and rascally members of the clique
of lawyers who made a living by preying upon
the estates ci the dead in this city, has betn sent to
ja;l for contempt of court by Judge Cabaniss. The
conduct oi this notorious creature is a disgrace to the
bar oi San Francisco. Betore three tribunals thii
man has refused to answer the questions asked of him
on the ground that he would subject himself to pun
iffanent for a felony. With the same impudence
w:th which he used courts as the instruments for his
nefarious practices he now defies the courts to pun
ie-h him for his ofTenses against the living and the
dead.
He has admitted his guilt by confessing his danger
of punishment. When he was before Judge Trout:
during the investigation of the accusations made by
The Gill his attorney, with flourish of words, pleade-1
for him that when called upon he would meet any
!;3r^c wherever and whenever it was made against
Since that decoration was made James Taylor
Kopers has cringed in naked dishonesty behind every
technicality of the 3a\v. He is accused by three men
oi having levied blackmail before he would permit an
estate to be probated. If their accusations be true,
he committed perjury on the witness-stand in Judge
Troutt's court when he swore that he received no
money irs connection A-ith the Sullivan estate.
At every stage in this criminal affair he has claimed
the protection o! *hat he is pleased to call his rights
It high time .'or the courts and the Ear Asso
ciation of this city io determine what tho s e rights
.-»re. Are they the rights of a probate shark to feed
vpon dead men's bones, to trifle with the sanctity ~A
«ourt«. to combine with scoundrels to filch estates by
ihe imposition of bogus heirs? If James Taylor
R'scrers cannot be compelled to answer he -should hi
forced to pav the "benalty for the crime which his
xiisswcr wotrid coniess.
The Bar Association of tlr's city, no less than the
courts, ha? a duty to perform. The indulgence which
'.his association has already shown to James Taylor
Roger* is a matter of more than passing moment. A
Police Judge ha? sent this man to jail for contempt.
Dots the Bar Association feel that it has not been in
jured by practices \vh:ch reflect ominously upon the
entire \ep2\ profession? Inaction in an affair 01' such
<'reply «er«ous rrsean-.rjr as this reaches the evil dig
¦Axy of yn-.jiivancc.
The carefulness with which the Census Bureau
ycf'plc are keeping concealed the official returns of
he fount in the cities of the country implies a who'e
-ome fear of what is goinjj to happen when they
;)r'.n{? a report 01 a 10.000 population in a town that
has been claiming: 100.000 and Fupport'.ng a "Haif-
M:'iion Oufo.**
The creation of a "brevet captain" in the local
Pohce Drpsrtmem nas at icsst the novelty and in
terest of shoTrir.p to the people of the city to what
¦jmit of absurdity Phclan agents will go to pay his
Honor's political 4ebts. We may have police duty
When John >!. ' -.::cn confessed his guilt in the
probate frauds he :<•• k a short road to the same desti
nation which Jnrnc* Taylor Rogers appears to be
weiring by a. lonjrrr out by quite as clrar an avenue.
South Aincric:-.:? :» flairs appear to be rca?summ«
::v.r normal condtti-n sgs'.n. at least :v. Colombia.
1 ne Government :s at mv<*< and sevens with itself ami
: nother revo'ntjon is expected daily.
The secret of Bryan'? place in national Democracy
is at 1a«t out. A --pellbindiiiK orator insisted vo
ciferously the other r*ay that nature endowed Bryan
v:;h a matchless tongue.
OM Li Hung Chan** may be called a barbarian, but
•n the field of diplorr.acy he has attained .1 culture that
entitles him to write a book or take the lecture plat-
Fruit is £2'*d to be dropping badly this season, bu;
then prices may rise and even things up.
MASSACRES FAMOUS IN HISTORY.
! AUTOMOBILES FOR WAR USES.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAT.L,, SATURDAY, JULY 2S, 1900.
Miss Bertha Luse and William Adams. (
>irs. St. John delivered an address on j
temperance conditions in the East and
California. Among those present were: I
Mrs. R. Taylor,- Mrs. S. B. McCoy. Mrs. |
G. C. Adams. Mrs. C. B. Williams, j
Mrs. Hand. Mrs. Marian Irving. Mr". •
Luse. Mrs. Spencer and Mrs. Buckmin-
FISH OF ONE AND
FOWL OF ANOTHER
; i
(SACRAMENTO BEE.)
The Examiner has displayed a curious !
inconsistency in recent articles regarding i
injunrtions. It hap denounced the South-!
em Pacific for disregarding an injunction
issued by Superior Judge Bahrs in the
Fresno rate case, and has encouraged the
Chief of Police of San Francisco to ignore j
an Injunction If sued by Superior Judge |
M ura sky.
The Examiner's position seems to be |
that injunctions must be obeyed except j
when that journal otherwise directs.
Among law-abiding citizens there can be j
no question in this regard. The Injunction
of a court having lawful jurisdiction !
should be obeyed by every respectable I
citizen or corporation. Disobedience Is
only justifiable rn honest legal advice that I
the court has erred and where some ques- j
tion involved ?s promptly taken to a high- i
er tribunal for review. If the object of j
the railroad company was thus to have
some point settled by the Supreme Court. I
it Is not deserving of denunciation, any
more than the Chief of Police If his course
was guided in the same way and had like
justification.
If in either case there was deliberate
contempt of court no punishment could j
be too severe.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CL.AIMS THE TITLE-N.. City. Terry
McGoverh. the pugilist, claims the title
"champion lightweight of the world."
DISPOSING OF STOCK-N.. City. If
you are in possession of stocks that you
wish to dispose of. place such In the
hands of a reliable broker.
A DIME OF 1&:&-H. S.. Mott. Cal. A
dime of 1*58 Is not one of the coins for
which dealers offer a premium. Dealers
charge from twenty to forty cents for
such. ¦"
GRAMMATICAL— Querlcus. City. It Is
proper to say "Will you adjust that dif
ficulty between you and me." but not
proper to say "Will you adjust that dlfTV
culty between you and I?" ?
DECLARATION OF WAR.-A Sub-
6
Some Awful Butcheries That Have Horrified the World From
the Earliest Days.
331 B. C.^Two thousand inhabitants of Tyre crucified and Sodo butchered by the soldiers of
Alexander the Great.
105 B. C— Celts kill Sooo Roman soldiers at Auransio. on the Rhone.
102 B. C— Slaughter of Teutons near Aix, in which 200,000 barbarians were slain.
70 A. D.— Destruction of Jerusalem. Above 1,100,000. Jews put to the sword by the Roman
115 A. D.— One' hundred thousand Greeks and Romans murdered, near Cyrene, by Jews under
Andrae. leader of revolution.
1 189 A. D. Massacre at Acre of 5000 Mohammedans by order of King Richard I., in the
1260 A. D. — Slaughter of the inhabitants of Aleppo by the Mongols.
1282 A. D— "Sicilian Vespers." About 8000 French killed in Sicily.
1572 A. D. St. Bartholomew's day. Massacre of 100,000 men, women and children Huguenots
in France * "
1592 A. D. — Turks slaughter 65.000 Christians in Croatia.
1740 A. D.— Settlers in Java slaughter 12,000 Chinese at Batavia.
1780 A. D. "No Popery" riots. Mob led by Lord George Gordon killed 450 Roman Catholics in
London.
18S4 A. D. Chinese murder 24.oooChristians at Kuang-Tsi. in Annam. In Cochin-China the
same year 22,000 native Christians were massacred.
1895 A. D. — Turks kill between 3000 and 5000 Armenians in Asia Minor.
1900 A. D.— Boxer rebellion, having for its object the extirpation of native Christians and all for-
ALTHOUGH thousands of
foreigners have lived in
China, -rery few. Indeed,
have had opportunities of
studying the Chinese from
a fair standpoint- The
Consuls see little or nothing of the
Chinese — their few visits to the
Taotai of their particular city or
district are mere visits of cere
mony that give them no Insight in
to Chinese life. The missionaries
certainly go into the interior, but
they more frequently live in for
eign built houses, they see little of
the officials, who avoid them and
treat them with contempt, and the
masses of the people avoid them
through fear of trouble. Of course
there are exceptions to this rule
among the Consuls who have lived
long in China and have acquired
the Chinese language, and have
passed through the different
grades of interpreter and Vice
Consuls, such men as Consuls
Jamieson and Brennan and mission
aries like Dr. Williams and many
of the. old French missionaries who
have passed most of their lives In
China. Among the French mission
aries particularly are to be found
the best informed men in China.
My five years In China as an en
gineer gave me many opportunities
of studying both the official:*, and
the common people from a vantage
point. I have lived among the Chi
nese, traveled hundreds of miles in
the interior in Chinese carts and
boats and have been Intimate with
some of the really best informed
foreigners In China, who mostly
are unostentatious people.
Now, It is my opinion that this
"Boxer" bogey is simply a very
transparent attempt to shift the
actions of the officials on to the
shoulders of the people. Tientsin
has always been notorious for a
very rowdy element among Its pop
ulation. The neighborhood ofTaku.
Tangku and all the salt-pancountry
to Lutal is Infested with a very
fighting element, as I know from
my experience among them when
In charge of works at Tangku.
The villagers would turn out
armed with knives and spears up
on any provocation. The salt mer
chants, who are a very wealthy
class of monopolists, controlled
large bodies of salt laborers and
junk men. who were ready to fiEjht
anybody that appeared to interfere
with their masters, waterways or
rights. But these men only act up
on instructions and the so-called
"Boxers" are merely tools of the
officials. The name "Boxer" Is of
recent coinage, and was unknown
a few years ago. Mr. Wu Ting
Fang, the Chinese Minister at
Washington, whom I knew in
Tientsin, paid only the other day
that he had never heard cf the
"Boxers." I believe he was right.
In my opinion the present
trouble is traceable to the numer
ous events that have happened
during the last two years, all of
which have stirred up China in
tensely. The foreign Ministers and
diplomats have had ample reason
to study and weigh these circum
stances and to have guarded
apain-t the present trouble, which
was clearly foreshadowed. Among
these events were the acquisition
of Port Arthur by the Russians,
followed by the lease of Weihai
wei by the Hritish. both of which
concessions were obtained only
unaer pressure. Then came the
seizure of Klaochau by the Ger
mans, together with the outrage
ous German claims of rights over
the whole province of Shantung
—a province with thirty-eight mil
lions of people, the birthplace of
Confucius.
There was the passage of Mr.
Archibald Little's steamer to
Chungking. There was the
feverish anger and resentment of
the Empress asainst the reform
er Kang Yu Wei. who escaped
from her clutches only through
the assistance given him by the
British Government. The Km
press offered enormous sums of
money a«? a reward for his cap
ture; she passed sentence of death
upon him by cutting to pieces as
soon as he was? caught: she has
sentenced to death all his family,
even including hi? ?^coml cousins.
The Empress wreaked her venge
ance on nis accomplices and bo
headed three Hanlin scholars — Lin
Hsia. Lin KuanK-ti and the Censor
Yang, a!so Kang and Tan Tze
hlng. son of the ex-Governor of
Hupeh. besides eleven eunuchs of
the inner palace.
The pressure of foreign nations
from without, the Introduction of
telegraphs and railways, and
everything, in fact, that tends to
destroy the old order of things
threaten to displace the older class
of officials In China, who. in turn,
resist each encroachment, and are
ready to spread rebellion through
out the whole land rather than
lose their perquisites. Headed by
that clever diplomat. Li Hung
Chang, the Chinese officials have
taken every advantage of the
greed and cupidity of each for
eign legation— that held its hands
out. begging for concessions, and
have played one legation against
the other, deceiving and disap
pointing every one. In the mean
time the Chinese have acquired
arms and have employed foreign
drill instructors— the same as the
Boers did — and if they had only
been more honest among them
selves they would now be in a
position to call out "hands off"
and compel respect. But the Chi
nese officials, with some notable
exceptions such as the Viceroy,
Chang Chlh Tung, have been busy
stealing. Kang Yu Wei, the re
former, in his memorial to the
Emperor impeaches the Empress
with misappropriating thirty mil
lions of dollars and other " large
sums that had been raised for the
payment of the battleships Tlng
jrtien, Weiyuen, Chiyuen. Chen
yuen, Kingyuen. ami for the com
pletion of the Mukden Railway.
Personally. I believe Minister
Wu at Washington Is honest in
his statement about Minister
Conger's cable — but what faith can
l-e put In the Chinese telegraph
officials in China? Sherer. Ta/uai.
the present Director of Telegraphs
in China, is the most notoriously
dishonest and anti-foreign Man
darin in China who has had any
dealir.g with foreigners. Shengr
has been censured time and again
by his own Government. The Brit
ish Government has demanded his
head. Sheng was brought up by
Lady U Hung Chang; he was like
a child of the family; he lost or
st^le enormous sums of monev be
longing to Lady Li. his friend and
patron — therefore, he had to be
given a chance to regain, or steal,
this money to pay it back again,
so. in spite of repeated censures,
he was put Into lucrative offices
by the viceroy. Li. -who was ail
powerful. I remember when Sheng
was appointed Taotai of Chefu
there was a great outcry among
the foreigners and Chinese against
this appointment. The people com
plained that Sheng taxed every
fowl in the country; that he
squeezed everybody ar.d every
thing that he could wring money
from.
Minister Wu may be reliable,
for he is an educated gentleman,
and he realizes the importance of
his high position as Minister to
the United States, but no foreigner
who has had any dealings with,
or who has any knowledge of
Sheng. Taotai. the present Director
of Telegraphs in China, will put
the slightest faith In any assur
ances coming from the Chinese
Telegraph Department.
With regards to the cable from
1A Hung Chang stating that the
foreign Ministers are safe — this is
probably true. It is hard to con
fess, but It is quite possible that
the Chinese did overpower the
legations, and that the Ministers,
receiving assurances of their lives
from one of the princes, did sur
render themselves to the Chinese.
This would account for the Em
press sending imperative instruc
tions to LI Hung Chang- to come
to Peking for the purpose of
settling matters with the different
foreign Governments. This mav
be thoroughly against all interna
tional law. but if the Chinese
should hold the foreign Ministers
in their hands, they will not fail
to make th& most of this point In
settling matters, and the lives of
all the foreigners In their hands
would be in great danger If any
forward motion was made toward
Peking.
L C. FERGUSSON.
11 Inst. C. E.
July 24. 1900.
NEW YORK, July 27.— L. 5. Alexander
of Watsonville is at the Savoy; George
H.. Worthing of Los Angeles Is at tlifc
Empire.
The White Ribbon Workers, W. C. T. U..
tendered a reception to Mrs. Eupenia St.
John of Kansas City in the parlors of the
First Congregational Church at Mason
and Post streets yesterdaj afternoon.
Mrs. St. John Is on her way to Southern
California, whence she will return East,
so the reception was practically a leave
taking affair. A brief musical programme
was rendered by Miss Horton Barton,
Brazil and walnut candy. Townsend'a.*
Peanut crisps. Townsend's. 633. Palace.*
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend**,*
« ? ¦
Delicious pineapple at Townsend's. '•¦*\
Cream k!sses. Townsend's. 633. Palace.*
t -at t
Butter yccteh. butter lr>gs. caramel*, mo-
lassea buttercups. Townsend's. 633. Valac*. •
. ? .
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits. 50c a lb in flr»
etch*d boxes or Jap baskets. $23 Market atrmc
Palace Hotel. •
—
Special lniorrr.ar.or. supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by ta«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). Sia Moat-
goinery at. Telephone Main 1043. *
Steamers have been chartered to carry
American coal to St. Petersburg and
Stockholm, as well as to Italian. French
and German ports.
Beautiful hair ta always pleasing-, and Pax-
ker"» Hair Balsam excel* In producing It.
Hlndercorra. the best cure for corns. 13 eta.
¦ * ¦
Dr. Slegrert's Angostura Bittera Is tne beat
remedy for removing Indignation aad all 61a>
eaa*s of the diffostive organs.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivca— "Wair."
Alcazar— "The Country C!rl."
<y-n:\ :a— ' tlir Excellency, the Governor."
Ori h-tiTTi— Viu<i*-ville.
Grand Opera-boo**— ?Tb* Gr«at R-jby."
<;a:;£-.rr.;a— "R-jsh City."
Olrmjrfa, coreer AIa*on ten* K.iiy etreet*— Specialties.
Chjiet. Zoo ar.d Theater— Vaudeville ever)' afterr.won £=J
nvr.-.r;.
Fischer**— Vauderflle.
K*T*at'or! Park— BaatbalL
Satro Hath* — Or-^n nighf.
AUCTION SALES.
By FuUtvaa & T>:r> — Thfe day. at 11 o'clock. Hztbcs.
Hicks. Ham«-?s. «-??.. a": fr.'.v*r»:Tv P£l--< Aitc-.PHILADELPHIA. July 27.—Arrange
ments have been practically completed for
bringing the Olympic games, emblematic
of the world's championship, to Franklin
field, the University of Pennsylvania's
athletic grounds, in the summer of 1W4.
When plans for reviving these ancient
sports were decided upon it was agreed
to hold the first series at Athens in the
old arena where the Greeks had contested
for athletic supremacy centuries ago. It
was there in 1S35 that Princeton- and Har
vard surprised the Kuropean world by the
progress of American athletes on the
track and field.
It was agreed by the committee in
charge that the sports should be held
every four years: that they should go to
Paris in 1JVX». that England should have
them in 1904 and America in IMS.
In some little correspondence the L'nl
versity of Pennsylvania athletic authori
ties had with the promoters of sports in
England before Pennsylvania's team
started abroad this year ft was learned
that the Britishers were not particularly
desirous of having the garaes in 1»4, and
with a little diplomacy they have been
induced to give way to America.
International Chess Tournament.
MUNICH. July 27.—In the fourth round
of the international chess tournament
played to-day Burn defeated Cohn; Woll
sey beat Ballacard; Berger and Marco
drew; Schlechter defeated Jacob; Poplel
defeated rBardelbon: Pillsbury defeated
Showalter: Maroesy defeated Janowaky,
and Gottschalk defeated Halprin.
OLYMPIC GAMES.
Matters Looked Serious for a Time,
but Friends Separated Them Be
fore Blows Were Struck.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
NEW YORK. July 27.— Just by way ot
relieving the tedium of his life as pugil
ist, saloon-keeper and bookmaker. "Kid"
McCoy arrayed an encounter for to
night with his friend James J. Corbett.
There was the usual preliminary argu
ment as to place of meeting. McCoy, witlj
his customary thrift, wanted Corbett to
visit him at his place of business so th<«t
he might protit Irom the subsequent- rutu
of trane. Corbett claimed the right 10
name conditions, consequently McCoy hau
to do the visiting.
McCoy told some friends that he. had
planned a celebration in honor of renewal
of relations with Corbett. a man he had
always admired.
Corbett told his friends that he ha*1 been
betrayed by the man he had tried to be
friend. "This McCoy," he said, "isn't on
the square. I don't like him. Xext time
he comes here I'm soir.g to tell hJm to
his face what 1 think of him."
As McCoy came in he heard Corbctt's
remark and replied. "I don't know what
you are talking about, but it's safe odds
at 10 to 1 that you arc wrong."
Several words were passed, but they
v,'e,-e separated before any blows were
struck.
CORBETT AND M'COY
EXCHANGE COMPLIMENTS
GAME KRISS
KRINGLE RUNS
HIS LAST RACE
Display of Temper Causes
the Old Bread-Winners
Death.
Indulges In an Acrobatic Feat In
a Race at Highland Park
and Disjoints a
?
DETROIT. July 27.— Kriss Krin^le
showed his bad temper In the third race j
at Highland Park to-day by kicking up ;
at the hc-ad of the stretch and disjointing
bis k-jr. He ran on th* limb for an eighth
of a mile afterward, ami was phot to put
him out of his misery. Track dead. Re
sults: •
•even furlnngrs-Juconia won. Clip«?tta sec
ond. Jennie third. Time. 1:2$^.
Five furlong»-Eard of Avon wen. Toad
Raney pecocd. Annie Chamberlain third. Tirn»,
1:C2 2-5.
Cm? m:l«> and a sixteenth — George Krats won.
Kitty Repent eecond. Hungarian third. Tim".
1:49.
£!x furlongs— M!.«s* Soak won. Ar.nie Lauretta
second. D*^-ubri'1«-ra third. Time. 1:;4» 4 .
Five furlonifs — .^na Luis won. Flatterer »ec
crsd. Gray Dally third. Time, l:02\.
Six furlong?— Nancy Till won, Matlock sec
ond. Ralston third. Time. l:14-«.
ST. LOUIS. July 27. Results:
Five f-jrlcn?*— Margaret F won. Tea Gown
*»<v>nd. I^onella thir«. Tiir.e. 1:05.
Five ar.d a hslf furlongs — B!uml«t won. Blue
Stwl pecord. Henry Oark third. Time. 1:10'... ;
One reile— Haviland w.->p.. G!fn»Lake second, I
r!d*rim third. Time, 1:43 s *.
One ir.:;<? and a sixteenth — Banish won. Jimp ;
second. Zaze'.l third. Time, 1:45*,.
Six and a half furlf-nss— Gui-le Rock xron, j
Sam Lazarus tword. EisM B^I!» third. Time, ;
1:J1»«.
Five furlong?— R^Ie eft nigin won, I^3k»\-i»vc j
IV-lte second, Krr.rTrra! third. Time. 1:P3' ; <.. i
NEW YORK. July 27.— Result? at Brigh- :
Steeplechase, full course— Dave S won. Old
Tank H»«nd. Trillion third. Time, 5:15.
One rr.n« ard a sixteenth— *»Var:r.« von, L^i-
Kraft second. Kamam third. Time. 1:45 4.5.
Five furlor.es. frellins- Maun won. Quii w»v-
onij. Petra il third. Time. 1:01 3-S.
Fix fur!or-KF— Fire Arm won. fmoke second.
SJqr draper thirO. Time. 1:13 4-.V
On» mile— Buffoon -aroT.. Hinaldo second. :
.Tourney third. Tim». ::4 r i3-».
One nil", sellinr- Beii» of Troy won. Lindu!a
¦eeond. PIrrola third. Time. 1:43 1-s.
CHICAGO. July 27.— Friday proved an j
unlucky day at Hawthorne to-day. Tyr, I
a speedy filly, who showed fine form at j
Waphinptcn Park, upset ail form in the i
third race by deff ating the field easily i
ar.d carrying the bunch so fast that Gran- \
don. the redhot favorite, could do no bet- |
ter than finish third. Ben Chance upset
¦II calculations In the second ra«-e by :
makinK a show of his field. Results:
Kive furlongs— Repea won, Barbara XI wcon«I, ¦'
EdJth Q third. Tine. !:«;-«. J
One mile and a sixteenth—Ben Chance won.
Limelight perond. Intriguer third. Time. lMS^s.
Six furlor.P— Tyr won, Pcssart feoind. Gran-
don third.
Mile an
Time. 1:15.
a 5ixt«^>iuh — Rlue Lirk won. Dona-
tion second. Vlncinnes third. Time. 1:4«»;.
F*>\-fn furlonfr — Tayon wrji. Hard Knct sec
er.fi. Hard Pre«fi third. Time. IdSK.
One mile— Floritsr won. the Unknown second.
I>i5?"!ute th'.rd. Tim», l:42«i.
DETROIT, July 27.— Results at Wind
sor:
Six furlongs— Greet! r.c» wen. Rebecca. Wells
peoond, Artst'""* third. Time. ljr-*«.
F<>ur furlongs— Littlf Henry won, Ericscll sec
ond. Hor»a third. Time. :W.
One mile and an cishth— Chapj>au<)ua won, j
T<-i'niai>t *econd. Ennemia third. Time. 1:54U-
One mlie— Patlre wen. Wnterwick eecond, Al- •
bert R third. Time. 1:43.
Fix furlcnrs— Innovator won. Northumberland
•second. Jimrjetta third. Time, l:14'i.
One mile— Lresa won, Thoma? Carey Eecond,
Fall Frets third. Time. l:CVi.
LIVERPOOL. July 17.— At the Eecond
day's racins: of the Liverpool July meet
ing to-day the Liverpool cug of 1200 sov
ereigns, a handicap for three-year-olds
and Upward, at one mile 'and " three fur
longs, was won by Skopos. with J. Relft
in the saddle. Kleon, guided by Rlgby,
About the Head.
Thrown From Maluma and Badly Cut j
JOCKEY SLOAN INJURED.
J'HILA DELPHI A. July 27.— Ttro errors, a 1
tase on balls, a batsman bit by the pitcher |
anl thre- Fir.gles in Philadelphia's first ir.r.ins i
rssuitfd in Chicago's defeat tn-day. The visit- j
ore steadied th'mffiven thereafter ar.d made a j
flgM for the gam». Attendance 4100. Score:
Cluls-- R- H. E.
Chicago • 4 6.3
Tl ilad-irhia ' . . & 1
Batteries— Griffith , ar.d Dor.ah'je; Piatt,
Douglass and McFarland. Umpire— Terry.
BOSTON, July Z7. — Boston won out in the
ninth Inning to-day. Both pitchers were very
rffective. The fielding of Collins. Long ar.d j
Ely were the features. Attendance 2W0. Scor<?: j
Clubs— K- H. E.
Cofion •' 8-5 1 j
PlUsburg 2 s ¦!?:;.)
Batteries — Dineen ar.d Sullivan; Phillppi and
Zimmer. Umpire— O' Day.
NEW YORK. July 27.— The New Torkerc won
an Interesting game from the Cincinnatls this
afternoon The home team won through time
ly batting la the eighth Inning. Attendance
1M9. Score:
nubs- R. II. E
Cincinnati • z « i
New York -•• * 9 ,1
Batteri'a-^Hahn and Kaho«: Mercer and
Warner. Umpire — Erafllt,
/ ; American League Games.
KANSAS CITY. July 27.— Kansas City. 0: De
troit. 6.
CHICAGO. July 27.— Chicago, 3: Buffalo, j.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 2".— Minneapolis. 0; In
d:enapnM*. €.
MILWAUKEE. July 27.— Milwaukee, g; Cleve
land. EL
Batteries-Powell, Young and Cricer; Klt
s.-r.. LHir.n and Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
j:temer.t to-day. Young and Dunn succeeding j
thtm with the score tied. Dunn was batted
Ifavily In the, sixth. Attendance 1600. Score:
Clurs- R- H. E.
St. l»1l!s 10 12 i [
Brooklyn 5 s 3 |
<7j u *,s_ "W. L. Pet. Clubs— TV. L. Pet.
Brooklyn.... 45 28 .631 Bo?ton 37 33 .4?3
Philadelphia 43 34 .11* Cincinnati.. S6 42 .4*1
Pittsbunc... 41 « .519 £t. Louis... 33 41 .444
Chicago Zi 3> .500' New York.. 2S 43 .S 4 *
BROOKLYN, July T,.— Powell's wilflne?? and
Kltson's ineffectiveness caused their rpeedy re-
National League Championship Race
Becoming Quite Interesting
After All.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
BROOKLYN DEFEATED,
THE PHILLIES WIN
NEW YORK. July 27.— Oscar Gardner. I
the "Omaha Kid." and Eddie' Lenny of
Philadelphia boxed twenty-one rounds at
catch weights before the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-night, and Lenny fell'ln" the i
twenty-first round from the effect of a j
severe cramp, which rendered his rlarht J
legr useless. Gardner was announced the •
winner.
Zddie Lenny Defeated.
SOUTHAMPTON. X. Y.. July 27.— At the
Shinnecoek Hills polf grounds Walter J.
Travis, amateur, champion of the United
States, established a new amateur record
for the Shinnecoek links to-day in the
first eighteen holes of his thirty-six hole
final match for the President's cup with
Roderick Terry Jr. The latter held the
previous record "at 77. but Travis cut It
down to 74. The' professional record is 70.
held by Tom Hutchinson and Harry Var
don.
New Golf Record.
Running, nve-eirhtha of a mile dash, purse
tirwk_Mi».« Dividend won. Roul»tte Wheel sec
ond, Christine third. Locomo, The Miller. Jes
sie. Bertha Mo and Roy M also ran.
third. John K fourth. Dandy fifth. Time, :50 s i
Half a mile dash. tvrn-year olds, purse !1Y».—
little Jim wen. Billy Youn* second. George W
COIA'SA. July 27.— The programme at
to-day's races was the best of the week,
but there was only a small attendance. The
weather was exceedingly warm and sul
try. The fair will close to-morrow with
a grand free-for-all trotting race. It is
expected the races will continue three
days next week. Summaries:
Trotting, mile heats, three in five, purse
J1CC-0. •=!-
Cyelcne 14 11
Atherine 3 14 2
Charlie Me 32 2 4
Silvon 4 » 3 3
Time. 2:I2-2;24Ji— 2:25-2:^
Parinr mile heats, ben three In five, purse
JWO.
Kelly Brices 1 1 1
Martha Whips ~ 23 2
Ficracita •••¦• Hi
Time. 2:1S— 2:13-2:14.
Attendance Was Small
RACES AT C0LUSA.
Programme Best of the Week, but the
When Maluma slipped and fell Sloan
¦was thrown violently to the ground and.
received Injuries on the head that neces
sitated his conveyance to the hospital. It
is thoueht the fall will end Maluma*?
racing career, as it put her shoulder out.
After the race a complaint of foul ridins
was lodged with the stewards against
Ri?by. who wag reprimanded and cau
tioned.
was second and - Cutaway third. Nine
horses ran. Cutaway led to the canal
turn, where Mrs. Lanartry's Maluma. rid
den bv Sloan, and which was a hot favor
ite, fell. Half way up the stretch Kleon
drew to the front, but yielded to Skopos,
which won by a head, a length and a half
separating the second and third horses.
The result was received ¦with silence. In
the bettinir Skopos was 3 to 2, Kleon 100 to
& and Cutaway 100 to 9.
in good humcr.
"whether it is a proposition of 5 cents
or any amount* it Is not th° concern of a
newspaper." said Mr. Donaldson. "We do
net recofrnize any such complaint?. Let
Queer Feature of the Berkeley Train
Service That Was Not Explained
by the Corporation Agent,
Donaldson.
The train service of the local line of the
Southern Pacific Company to Berke
ley appears not to h-9 what It
should be. accordinp to the allega
tion* of Charles T. Bonne of this city.
In the accompanying communication to
The Call Mr. Boone complains of the im
positions of a conductor of the company
and goes Into details of alleged mistreat
ment. 'The letter was read to Assistant
Passenger Agent Donaldson, who was
asked for an explanation of the puzzle
nnd also If such proceedings were com
mon. Mr. Donaldson was evidently not
a ,
Two Round -Trip Tickets
Only Good for Gne
Rpinrn
BOONE SAYS HE
WAS BEATEN OUT
OF TEN CENTS
Fifty children, inmates of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society Home, returned yester
day from Cazadero. Sonoma County.
where. In chance of Superintendent C. A.
¦We^tenbere. ihey hart spent a vacation
lasting five weeks. The children had an
enjoyable? time and were loth to return
when the vacation was at an end.
tnis man come to me and state his grrle
nrce and I will look Into the matter. C
the face of the ca?e I do not see ho
this Incident could have occurred."
The assistant passenger apent sa
finally that he could srtve no explanati'
of the system by which Mr. Boonj hi
be?n bunko«d. and he could not sj
whether or not the traveling public w;
being cenerally treated In the >«»ine ma:
ner. He only wanted to see the one rrn
with a complaint. Whether or not this
the policy of the Southern Pacific Cor
pany remains to be seen. The ffrtevam
set forth is as follows:
PAN FIJANCISCO, JS.7 & 1300.
Mr. Ed:trr: A N>y and my^lT w»n: ti
P-erkeley to-day, ar.d this, hrtetly. waj a
part of our *xj*eri«»ce: I bought a doubl*
round-trip ticket at the ferry and paid
th*r»fcr the sum cf 4^ cents. \V> w»-.t n
B»rke!*y and took the return train at Loria
Ftatlon about XzXS p. m. The conductor of
tfciff train took my double ticket and in rx
cfcans" gave me a. single t!ek«»t. after punrh
ln? two holes in It. On reachis? the beat
at the end of the mol» the sat?*eeper ia
bi< man physically) refused to ra*9 us bot?i
unle** I uroiluc'-tj another t!ck»t or p*»'3
another fare. As the .eVrtest way out of
the difflcilty I pa!d another fare <1> cents».
and we tame hcrr.e. Now. it recurs to n".«
that tfcip transaction must have ha-J its
eritfn either in the stupiditr of the serr
ar.ts cf the ?outh»m Pacinc Corcpany or ia
a vicayu&ish har.kerir.s to gobt> in 13 cents
extra. As others may have ha<! th» same
experience or may have so in the futur* I
doubt nnt that many of your readers wouU
be thinXful for an exrWnatirn of the mat
ter, provided any such doubtful transaction
te capable of an explanation on any fair
and reasonable basis. An exr-lana;l"n in
consonance with Dinmon sense arid fair
A'iV.r.x. if r?**i*>. wcuH be mcr» jrrttify
in* than an inireachment of the capacity or
Integrity nt the servants of the Southern Pa
cific Comr-any. Respectfully your*.
CHARLES T. PCONE.
f23 Vai»nc!a street. San Franci«co.
- - ¦¦¦• ¦
Youne Folks Enjoy an Outine
Rijtht at their h*^!s "Kid" Jeffries, with
an upp*-r deck on him like a straw-stuffed
rnattr**?. and H. Silver, with ?k!n -the hue
«f a tcmale hu.sk, entered the ring. The
v eights were announced as 145 pounds.
Fiivcr put up a pnard with the reverse
English on. ar,d at stated and Infrequent
intervals soak^<! his Ifft en th» "Kid's"
rr.attress. Toward The close the "Kid"*
discovered his right, planting two or
Thr*** heavy ones on Silver's jaw. An ex
tra round was orrtpf-d. but Jeffr!«*s. with
bellow* to mend, had enough and Silver
left the rlrr. /•«""••! rs r.Tt the medal.
For the "big thing" of the evening.
Walter Moreno. 156. *nd Joe Long, 136.
concluded the programme. The men
fought once before to a draw, and after
five rounds the referee was unable to pick
a •inner, and which is the better stiii re
mains a question to b<? battled over. Long
i* stronger and a harder puncher, but Mo
reno oflset this with telling lefts, which
counted in his favor. It was a tame af
fair, r '¦¦¦-?:: ¦
Perhaps the best piece of work was the
four- round mlxup oetween J. Daly and
A Araiot. IS pound boxers. After some
very shifty work, both boys displaying
agility, cleverness and hard hitting pow
ers, the referee and Judges Tommy Cox
£r.d Frank McConnell decided on Daly
as the winner. With more experience
L»aly will become quite a factor in his
Trie opening bout between Ed Thomas
arwi JacK Archie. 117 pounders, did not go
the limit. Both boys Indulged in some
hard plugging, but in the third round a
hard rignt hander nearly put Archie out
of business, and Referee Greggains gave
the awerd to Thomas.
Following ihjs. ' Lamppost" Landers, a
pocket edition of Bob Fitzstamons. and
"Kid" Lean gave a razz!e-<iazzle exhibi
tion. In the second round Landere landed
a EOiar plexus and the "Kid" reclined on
Um mat until after the count. Both lada
were warmly applauded.
Thrn came Pteve Sullivan with a cbrys
i-ntlK-r. :.. shock of hair and E. J. Mc-
Quade, each tipping the scales at 125
pound*. The men indulged in no prelim
inary practice, but went at each other
like a boiler-rr.aker driving rivets. Dur
ing the four rounds Mr Quade stood "base
ment" punches enough to rock the Palace
Hotel, but lost the decision because his
opponent led oft*-ner and hardest.
Mike Curtin and Charles Smith waded
through four rounds of hard hitting, mak
irg a rice finish of It. For two rounds
Mike held h!s own. after which h<> weak
ened perceptibly. Smith's left bunch of
f.ves proved puzzling, and stopping too
many «abs cost Mike th»> verdict.
The reeular monthly amateur boxintr
entertainment of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club drew the usual big crowd to
Alex Greesains" scrapping manufactory
en Sixth street last evening. The differ
ent argunr-nts were scientiSc and amus
ir.e enough to please the most exacting,
though with one exception there was an
entire absence of knockouts.
"Walter JCoreno and Joe Long Fig-ht
Another Draw — J. Daly Beat
A. Amiot — Curtin Loses
to Smith.
Regular Monthly Exhibition
of the San Francisco
Athletic Club.
GIVE AND TAKE
HARD RAPS FOR
FUN AND MEDALS
Rumors are still flying about both thick
arid fatit concerning the denrt philanthro
pist and her family. Some of the- rumors
are wild and ridiculous and others doubt
less founded upon facts. Neither Mrs.
Murray nor Miss Rattipan will allow
themselves to be seen, and they absolute
ly refuse to affirm or deny anything that
comes up in connection with the case. A
man still stands guard within the Califor
nia «treet mansion, and visitors' cards
must be handed through a chink in the
door the guard at the heavy door chain
making it plain that puests are not wel
come To everybody the same answer is
returned "Mrs. Murray begs to be ex
cusef r'_-'Mlss Rattigan begs to be ex
cused." while the newspaper man receives
additional courtesy in the phrase, "See
Judge Sullivan."
•j* In the Superior Court of the City and 4*
f C<""urty of San Francisco, s?tat« of rj*
V California— In the matter of the estate -f
4« of Almira ?. ToTrnsend. deceased. To 4.
JU the honorable the Superior Court of the A.
J. Citv and County of ?an Francisco. JU
J. .^ta'te of California: The petition of J.
J. Eila F. Murray respectfully shows: £
T That said A'mira S. Townsend dleJ J.
T intestate in the City and County of San %
T Francisco State of California, on the •
"*" 22q Uay of July. 1M0; that at the time -j»
•5* of her death she was a re?!i>r:t of paid «r>
4. city and county; that said deceas»<3 left ?-
T her mrvivinE as her only heir-at-law JL.
T your ixrtltior.er. a dauehter, ase-d 50 ju
"«• years: "that ycur petitioner now resides. J.
•s. and at th» date of the death of said J.
J. a-cdent resided, in said city and county J^
J. of San Francisco; that said <i?ceas«l j
J. left e*tat» within the State of (all- T
t forn'a of the value of s; j >\<"-0. or there- f
T about?; that the character of th* •{•
T property left by paid <1?ce«1ent is as fol- ju
T lows to wit: Moneys en d?^c?it in
T .livers banks. Jewelry, bond.", house- ;
T hold furniture, and Improved and un- f
V Improved real estate in said city and <%
A County of San Francisco; that yonr pe- J.
J. titioner is entitled to letters of a-i- J.
J. ministration of the estate of said £e- J_
t ceas?d. J.
T Wherefore, yonr petitioner prays f or j
T an order appointing her administratrix T
T of the e*'ate cf said deceased. *J*
¦*¦ ELLA F. MURRAY. Petitioner. ~
•T Pate.1 July :«, 1800. *r
•J* PviHUan & Sullivan, Attorneys for t
4» Petitioner. v
Judge Sullivan, counsel for Mrs. Murray,
the aead woman's daughter, made a
strong plea for an immediate inquest, but
as Chemist Green has not completed his
. analyst. ¦« of the stomach and It is again?:
the policy of the Coroner's office to hold
more than one sitting for an affair of this
kind, it was impossible to grant the coun
sel's request. Corcner Cole Is In Calls
toga, but will return to-day for a short
stay. He will leave again on Monday
morning, but !t has been decided that
Judge Barry will preside In his s:ead at
the inquest", which will probably take
plare on Monday afternoon.
There ha.« been one change made in the
jury, I. F. Halton being substituted for
A. J. Callaehan. who found it Impossible
to attend.
Sullivnn & Sullivan yesterday filed the
following petition for regular letters of
administration:
Plea for an Inquest.
Cemetery to view the remains.
The first definite legal step for clearing
up the mystery of Mrs. Townsend's death
was taken yesterday, when the Coroner's
Jury visited the tomb In- Laurel Hill
In the cause of Justice to all concerned
the lady who gave the facts to th<? attor
neys yesterday and who herself saw the
secret repository where valuable papers
and large sums of money were hidden will
guide the agents of the court to the re
cess where the will may be found.
It is understood that Samuel M.
Shortridge and Gsorge H. Pippy.
•who have been duly appointed by
the court to represent absent heirs,
¦will take immediate steps to obtain
permission to make a thorough
search for the missing -will. The lady
who imparted the foregoing informa
tion to them yesterday -was dis
tinctly told by a well-known lawyer
that a will was drawn at Mrs. Towns
end's direction. The document must
be somewhere among the papers. If
the signed will is not found the un
signed document drawn by the attor
ney and known to have been in Mrs.
Townsend's possession should be
produced. *
Some Will Must Be Found.
The fact was disclosed In yesterday's
statement that Mrs. Valentine, formerly
Julia Townsend of Glen Cove. N. Y., men
tioned as one of the legatees in the will of
J. C. Wilmerdlng. was a young lady to
whom one of the testator's brothers was
devotedly attached. Although her maiden
name was Townsend. she was not related
to Almira S. Townsend.
During the period of the war excitement
in San Francisco, when volunteers were
arriving by rail and departing by trans
ports, Mrs. Townsend and the lady of the
narrative were constant companions.
They dined together often — sometimes at
the "home of the lady now living and other
times at Mrs. Townsend's home. Mrs.
Townsend had an engagement to dine
with her friend of this story but a short
time prior to her death, but illness pre
vented fulfillment of the engagement.
It Is believed that the will, if it has not
been abstracted or destroyed, will be
found in this secret hiding-place. The lady
who told the story fancies that the secret
was not Imparted by Mrs. Townsend to
any other friend, but on this point she is
not positive, admitting the possibility
that one other confidential companion
may know of the repository.
matic or sensational fashion. It was a
simple narrative of incidents that oc
curred during the confidential comDan
ionship of the two after the demise of Mr.
Wilmerding. The lady who described the
incidents spoke of having seen the secret
repository In company with Mrs. Town
p*-nd. The two went together to put away
some paper of value when the contents of
the repository' were disclosed. A large
sum of money In bank notes was re
vealed and also books and papers, ob
viously of great value to the owner.
committee was then Increased by five.
Thf new ra.-mb*rs are: J. J. Lerrhen, U.
Btoney. J. E. O'Dor.r.ell, J. J. McCarthy.
T. H. Vivian, D. Wilson, E. P. E. Troy.
W. A. Kintr and W. M. Abbott.
The prtminp committee wa^ authorized
to allow any firms or individuals the rieht
to use the special celebration design on
their business envelopes.
CASH FOR SEPTEMBER JTJBrLEE
Merchants' Association Urges Its
Members to Contribute Promptly.
At a special meeting of the directors of
the Merchants' Association yesterday the
subject of the celebration of Admission
day was discussed. As one of the pro
visions of the constitution of the associa
tion provides that encouragement and as
sistance should be priven to enterprises
that will attract visitors to the city, it
was decided that the association con
tribute J2jO toward the fund now be'.nsr
raised for the celebration by the Native
Sons of the Golden West. The board also
decided to send a circular letter to the
members of th? association calling atten
tion to the advisability of making their
contributions tcward this celebration as
promptly as possible eo as to insure a suc
cessful programme of entertainment.
The following forty-four new members
were f^cted. making the total member
ship IIK: -¦
Amrath & Amrath. Luis de Abrisqueta
Of New York, W. C. Ber.tham. F. E.
Booth'. George C. Bornemar.n. Chauche &
Bon, C. Claussen. Chinn-Beretta Optical
Company. Clayburgh & Georpe. Cra!&
head & Co., De Solla-Duessing Company.
L. Daiiman. Henry C. Flageollet, Glaze
& Trewella. John T. Graham. Golden
West Plating Works. L. Hirsch & Co. R.
Herman. John R. Hansen & Co., Henry
Huf schmidt. George P. Ide & Co.. G".
Jewell. Albert Knierr. E. H. Kittredge &
Co.. John Lubben. J. G. Macdonald S. C.
Murray. M. Miller & Co.. Omev &'Goet
tlng. J. S. Oppenheim. Occidental and Ori
ental Steamship Company. Martin 0"D<?a.
J. P. Peterson. Schlegel"<£: P.ruker. John
Simmer. Steitjor Terra Cotta and Pottery
Works. Charles Steinf^ls. Spruance-Stan
lejr Company. William Taafe & Co., Union
Puip and Paper Company. Van Laak
Manufacturing Company. F. F. Weed. W.
S. Watson ar.d James Younc.
THE pfreral committee of the semi- i
centennial celebration of Admission i
day h^ld a meeting last r.5ght ir. the !
Native Sor.<* Bi:i.'d5r.g. Percy V. ]
l^cr.g. in the ab«enw of the chairman and .
vice chairman, presided.
The transportation committee reported ;
that the Oa'iforr.ia and Northwestern a_rid ;
the >."orth Padzic Railway companies will
gi\ e reduced rates from all point?.
The action, of the badge committee '
awardirp a contract ts W. X. Brunt for •
tmCWV Cot the ba.II. raval and excursion
D mnflttee* for JS3 50 was approved.
The emertsisment committee presented;
a puirgestive report with a request that ¦
there be a. conference of ail the chairmen
to arrange positively the various events >
to take place. It recommended that par
ties having private mailing: cards a* ;
f n:r nirs of the celebration be permitted •
to place them on saJe at the branch post- I
office In the Mechanics' Pavilion.
The f:r:aT3ce committee announced that ¦
the fsm of Jlt.'.5".t would be allowed the '
decoration committee for an electrical d'.s- '
j-'.ay, Mxing the salaries of stenographers •
at $T5 and that of the secretary of the
finance committee at JI25. It also ar.- :
DOlXZtoed that ilerton C Allen has been
appointed to prepare news for the city •
and country r.t-wspap<?rs.
The corrirKittee on Native Dauehters re
ported that it had called a meeting of the -
represents i:vf 5 of the local parlors and
requested the afsistar.ee of the members
la the celebration.
On the recommeruiations ci. the parade
committee a r*K;u»*t of the exempts for
bones to ha"l their engine and that of
the Veteran Volunteers for a band were
£'"5<"pte<i.
fellfornla Parlor .-..->..--: that It l>€ given
it« x>o5itiori In the parade whica it
claimed wa; the rieht of dix-lslon of the
Native Sons. The matter was referred to
the erar.d marshal.
Action in relation to the display of flaps .
previfusly taken was set aside and the
decoration committee was authorized to !
rail for desifms. and after having accept- !
c-d the sam«% let the contract for printing
tbera to the lowest bidder.
Dr. C. W. Decker and Frederick Suhr
Jr. reFipned from the decoration enmmit
tee. F. L. Coombs and M. A. Dorn w«>re
cropped from the committee on account
of ir.afciiity to attend its sessions. Th« j
THE mystery regarding: the where
abouts of the will of Almira S.
Townsend may soon be cleared
away. It is known that she had
the form of a will prepared, and
the belief that the document is some
where in the house on California street
daily and hourly grows stronger.
Yesterday Important facts came to
light. In the presence of a Call reporter
and of Samuel M. Shortridge and Colonel
George H. Pippy, attorneys for the absent
heirs of Mrs. Townsend's estate, a lady
who Is well known and highly connected
In San FYanclsco told a straight and con
vincinp story tending to establish the fact
that there is a secret recess or compart
ment In the California-street house
wherein Mrs.. Townsend deposited valu
able papers and greenbacks.
The lady, who made tho statement In
theinterest of justice, desires that her
name shall be withheld from the public,
but If m the search for the will her
presence should be needed to guide the
aper.ts of the court to the secret deposi
tor?", she will accompany ar.d enlighten
the officers of justice.
The relations which this lady sustained
toward Mrs. Townsend were intimate and
extremely confidential. The two became
acquainted during the last illness of J.
C. Wiimerding. about the time that he
went to Lop Gatos to se**k relief from ills
caused by the use of morphine to al'.ay
pain. Th* lady whose statement was
piven yesterday is related to the \\ 11
merdinjr family by ties of kin.=hip.
Friends in Time cf Trouble.
When Mr. Wilmerding died Mrs. Towns*
end was alone in her frrtef. She cast
about for sympathy— for the sympathetic
support of some one who knew her anl
who was related by ties of kindred to her
benefactor. She sent for this lady — asked
her to come to her home and console her.
The acquaintance thus founded in the
days of Mrs. Townsend's profound sor
row and loneliness continued from that
time until death terminated it early last
Sunday morning.
Thi= confidence on the part of Mr*.
Townsend prew stronger as the years
went by. Several times she spoke of h*r
will. 6nce she said to her friend: '"I
have made my will and you are remem
bered in it." On another occasion, when
the two were on a tug to pive a fare
well Falute to the departing Montai.a
reglm.nt. Mrs. Townsend remarked to
this friend: "If anything should happe.i
to me on this trip it would be dreadful,
as I have not made my will."
The subject of a will was in her mii'd
and there is hardly a doubt In the world
that she filled in and signed the blank
testament which a well-known attorney
prepared at her direction.
The Secret Drawer.
The story of the secret drawer or com
partment in Mrs. Town.v-nd's house, on
California street, was not told In a dra-
To=Day a Search for the riysterious Recess Will Be Made===Ev!dence That
firs. Townsend Did Not Die hitesiate===IYIrs. Murray's Lawyers
Demand sn Immediate Inquest,
• :..¦¦¦¦;..¦:-.:-:¦, .^
1 in the presence of the attorneys for the absent heirs of the •
• X late Mrs. Almira Townsend, a lady who knew the dead woman in life told ©
• of a secret repository — a small receptacle concealed behind a panel in one S
2 01 the rooms— where, she said, any will left by Mrs. Townsend would almost ©
S ceitainlybe found. The lady said she had seen the secret reee s and she %
• knew Mrs. Town send kept gi eenbacks and valuable papers there! She de- ?
J scribed the recess to the attorneys and said that whie she preferred not to *
0 be drawn into the. case, still if it tecame necessary she would go With them £
• and point out the secret panel. 0
; She said also that she is sure Mrs. Townrend left a will, for Mrs. Towns- t
a end olten mentioned to her tha fact that she was groin? to mate one, and it is ¦*
j known that a blank form lor a Wi 1 was drawn up lor her by a local attorney, £
£ and Mrs. Townsend took it with the expressed int nti n of filling it out. $
Q The lady who gives the information is an old a:d confidential friend of J
• Mrs. Townsenct and a relative of J. C. Wilmerding. She wa3 w.th Mrs. Towns- •
9 end a great deal during the coming ar.d going of the volunteers, and it was •
3 during that time that Mrs. Townser.d showed her the secret cabinet and told o
S her of the W;ll. g
•6090009000 <^*<^*<^-»e^*' t^*<^* <^*^^*"v^*<^*<^*<^* j^ OOOOOOOOOO •
~i HAWXINS JLND THE WHEEL THAT WHIRLED HIM TO DEATH. ?
cp^AVID E. HAWKINS, a bookkeeper,
II 0> years o!d. ; was hurled to an
jj M awful death yesterday by the big
i flywheel at the mill of the r>. H.
Bibb Lumber Company at Stockton and
Beach streets. Plunging head first upon
a rubber belt he w=»s drawn with fear
ful rapidity between the belt ar.d the
wheel, which was making 110 revolutions
every mir.ute. Jn a fraction of, a second
he was carried by the wheel and belt
through a concrete lined aperture, the
diameter of which beiow the wheel is not
more than six inches. His head was
crushed and nearly every bone In his
bedy was broken.
High !n the air the body of the unfor
tunate man was thrown by the upward
turn of the wheel and. striking agair.st
the timbers of the mill roof, fell back
upon the wheel, to make with it another
complete or partial revolution. Then, as
from a catapult, the body was shot Into
space and fell, bleeding ar.d mangled,
in a lifeless, inert mas«. outside of the en-
concrete lined pit with fc!3 bralr.s. mere
had been no chanc? for Hawkins Co ma<ce>
an outcry. Swifter than thoueht he had
been passed from the full enjoyment oT
vigorous health to something that hail
little .semblance of a man.
Whether Hawkins committed suicide or
accidentally fell upon the belt that to<-.fc
him beneath the whe*>l may possiby ba
determined at the Inquest. At present ro
motive Is apparent for st:!cide. The mill
employes teller* that Hawkins sought
death. Before the accident he w?..' seen
standing apairst a stanchion outside of
the er.glr.f room. He went away ar.d
talked with boys who were on the dDCks
not far away. Then he returned ar.«l once
ncr» stood against the stanchion. Team
5ter McMuIlen went to him and asked h:j
business. Hawkins* answered that he was
looking at the ergir.e. His speech an-1
inanrrr were those of a, centleman, but
McMuIlen noticed that his hands were
trembling. A few minute? later Hawkir.3
was on tne wheel. His body was taken to
the Morgue.
The dead mar w.i? a native of New
York. He was bookkeeper and confiden
tial man In Smith's cash store for ?lx
years prec-dir? the charge in ownership
last March. He had prev'^usly been em
ployed by H. L*evS & Co.. wholesale grn
c*>r?, by U»e Evenlne Post in this city and
by a milHr.s company In Holilster. There
was no lack of money to drive him to sui
cide, for he had recently p-jrcha.vrj a
home on Twenty-fourth street. Former
associates say his tamper was rentle and
that his mind was philosophical. H>i
leaves a wife ar.d two daughters, one of
whom Is Mr?. C. H. "Warner.
This fearful spectacle was witnessed by
two employes of the Bibb lumber Com
pany—C. ft. Dexter, the yard foreman.
and D. K. McMullfn. the head teamster
of the mill. McMullen. in the absence of
the engineer. Thomas A. Tuiloleon. ran to
the entire room and stopped the engine.
Before he could do 50. however, the dead
ly whtfl had whirled a score of times.
It had sprinkled Hawkins" blood on the
rafters overhead and had smeared the
Sensational Statement Made to Two Well-Known Attorneys
bu an Old and Confidential Friend of the Dead Woman,
TOWNSEND WILL MAY BE
HID IN A SECRET CABINET
Daniel E. Hawkins, an Aged Book
keeper, Meets an Awful Death by
Accident or Suicide.
BROKEN AND MANGLED
ON A HUGE FLYWHEEL
NEW BIDS FOR DISPLAY
FLAGS FOR CELEBRATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JULY 28, 1900.
TACOMA. Wash.. July
Green of Saa Kraririsoo to-night knc>cked
out Paddy PurtPll of Saglnaw, Mich., in
the fifth round- The fijrht was a rti«jp
pointment, as up to the fifth round no
damage was <5one. In the fifth round Pur
tel! was knocked down twice, the last
time by a hard right swing.
GREEN IS THE WINKER.
OFFICERS OF THE GETTERAI, COMMITTEE.
7
GIANT AIR COMPRESSORS
...AID...
GIANT ROCK DRILLS,
STEA/Vl ENGINES. HEATERS AND
CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Our reputation among contractors and miners Is evidence of our
responsibility. Est mates furnished upon application.
WM. A. HEWITT. P. H. REARDON.
COMPRESSED AIR MACHINERY CO,,
11 to IS FIRST STRtET, San Franelseo, Cal.CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 27. — War between China and the powers is com
ing to be regarded here as the certain outcome of the present situation. While continuing to maintain the theory that .
the Chinese Government is not implicated in anti-foreign uprisings in China, the administration is prepared at any mo
ment to abandon this position and regard the Chinese Emperor as an enemy. The State Department continues to re
ceive Minister Wu as the accredited envoy of a' friendly power and to treat his communications as genuine and entitled to respect.
At the same time the army and navy are prepared to act with the forces of the other powers against all opposition in China,
whether from Boxers and insurgents or from the army of the Emperor.
Officials are reluctant to discuss the possibility of a general declaration of war by the powers against China, but at the
same time it cannot be concealed that matters. nre drifting every day in that direction. It is becoming more difficult to maintain
a sort of diplomatic fiction that the powers are at peace with China and are trying to assist in putting down an insurrection
against the imperial government. This Government will preserve that fiction as long as possible, but if the other powers should
declare war it probably would be difficult for the United States to avoid being drawn in with them. In this event the President
would at once call an extra session of Congress, and the policy of the United States would be determined by the law-making de
partment of the Government.
Late dispatches from the Consul General at Shanghai, which have not been made public, are understood to be decidedly
pessimistic in tone, giving little ground for the hope that the foreigners in Peking could be rescued, or that the Chinese Govern
ment could be depended upon to aid in the protection of foreigners and the restoration of order. This information, taken in con
nection with Admiral KempfFs statement that the Chinese Government is in sympathy with the Boxers, has apparently impressed
the authorities here with the idea that the imperial government cannot long be regarded as friendly., \
Special Dispatch to the Call.
WAR BETWEEN CHINA AND
THE POWERS NOW CERTAIN
"My sympathy, my heart and my solici
tude go out to the American people. They
are the real sufferers in this wild business
and must pay the piper in this mad dance
of death. .
Champ ClaTk.
BOULDER, Colo., July 27.— This was
Democratic day at the Texas-Colorado
Chautauqua. Excursion trains were .run
from Denver and other cities and towns
in Northern Colorado, bringing several
thousand visitors. Hon. Champ Clark of
Missouri was the orator of the day, and
he was. greeted by the largest audience
that has attended any of the Chautau
qua meetings this season.' His address
aroused great enthusiasm. He spoke for
free coinage at length and scored the Re
publican, party for its shifting on that
question. Speaking on the acquisition of
the Philippines, he said:
Oration, of the Day Delivered by Hon.
TEXAS-COLORADO CHAUTAUQTJA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBIA, Mo.. July 27.— Th© curators
of the University of Missouri to-day elect
ed Dr. C. W. Heatherington of Leland
Stanford University professor of physical
culture and director of the gymnasium,
with full charge of university athletics.
Dr. Heatherington is a Stanford graduate
and for three years has been an instructor
there.
HEATHEBINGTON TO GO EAST.
Bobber Was a Negro and the Only
Booty He Secured Was a
Silver Watch.
ATCHISON, Kans., July 27.— Just after
th Missouri Pacific through Omaha pas
senger No. .1 left Atchison at 11:45 last
night for the north a masked robber en
tered the express car, covered John Krei
ser, the messenger, with a revolver and
demanded the contents of the express
eafe. Kreiser convinced him that the safe
could not be opened until the train
reached Omaha and, after taking a silver
watch from an express package, the rob
ber ordered the messenger to apply the
air brakes. When the train slowed up,
half a mile out of Atchison, the robber got
off and escaped.
While in the car his mask slipped down
and revealed the fact that he was a ne
gro. An hour later the Atchisoii police ar
rested a colored man. who gave his name
as Davis. Kreiser will return here to
night to see if he can identify the suspect.
TRAIN HELD UP
NEAR ATCHISON
Sporial Dispatch to Tt>« Call.
NEW TORK. July 27.— The Sun has this
from London: The Shanghai correspond
ent of the Central News says he has
been of5cially informed that the Yang
tze Viceroys strongly insist that the pow
ers shall undertake that there shall be no
partitioning of China as a part of the final
settlement of the present trouble and that
the person of the Dowager Empress ehall
be held sacred. The maintenance of the
present attitude of their provinces is made
conditional upon the granting of these de
mands.
The correspondent adds that foreigners
YANGTSE VICEROYS
SUBMIT A THREAT
Special CabI* to tbc N'<=w Tork H»ra3d. Copy
right. iSOO, by X»w- York Herald Publishing
Company. Ii<»pt:bIica.!ioT> «>f this dispatch is
rrc-ibiW. AH rishts r*M»erved in the
United States and Gr*at Britain.
LONDON. July 2S.— This dispatch from
its Fpecial "correspondent is published by
the Daily Telegraph:
"SHANGHAI. July 26. — Twenty-flve
thousand armed Chinese are concentrated
some distance from here. A competent
military authority assures me that the
precautions taken for defending Shang
hai are insufflcient. While the existing
operations show the emptiness of the Rus
sian bubble, they fully confirm all that
has been foreseen of Japanese power. It
Is officially stated that Russia can provide
only 6500 men all together, unless rein
forced from Europe.
"Officials in Central China, while strenu
ous in their efforts to preserve peace, are
at the same time preparing for possible
war by collecting arms and munitions and
strengthening the forts at Wusung, Ki
anggin) and other points on the Yangtse.
Admiral Seymour cannot interfere while
•war has not betn declared. 1 do not doubt
the Viceroys, but fear that their hands
may pwsibly be forced. News of the
murder of missionaries is continually ar-
GRAVER GROWS THE
NEWS FROM SHANGHAI
Special Dispatch to The rnit.
NEW YORK. July 27.— The World has
this from Washington: Wu Ting Fang,
the Chinese Minister, received two cable
grams this evening. He refused to make
them public, saying that diplomatic
usages required that he should show them
first to the Secretary of State. This he
intends to do early to-morrow morning.
The Minister was in a rather gloomy
frame of mind to-night. Had his news
been good he would have shown it by his
actions.
WU RECEIVES TWO
CHINESE CABLEGRAMS
"It is persistently reported here (at
Tientsin) that the legations are safe and
eound and under the protection of the
Chinese Government. About 10.000 Chi
nese soldiers are entrenched at Peltsang,
fourteen kilometers from Tientsin."
BRUSSELS, July 27.— The Belgian Vice
Consul at Tientsin, in a dispatch dated
Chefu, July 26. says:
CHINESE ENTRENCHED
BEYOND TIENTSIN
HONGKONG. July 27.— In order to test
the Chinese assurance regarding the
safety of the legations, the Italian Con
sul here yesterday requested the acting
Viceroy oi" Canton to communicate with
the Italian Minister. Marquis Salvago
Reggi, and to obtain a reply from him
concerning a matter known only to the
Minister and the Consul. To-day the act
ing Viceroy replied that it was impossible
for him to accede to the request, as all
messages were received from Peking
through the Governor of Shantung secret
ly. For this reason he was compelled to
refuse.
«,
REFUSED TO SEND
MESSAGE TO PEKING
have left Mongtse on account of the out
look. The Commissioner of Customs at
Takhol reports the situation there as
alarming. The Chinese are affording no
protection to them. Trouble also Is feared
at Kluherchow. The zone of disturbance
is spreading.
PENDULUM SWINGS
TOWARD HOPE'S SIDE
Continued from Second Page.
"Buller reports that the railway was
opened to Heidelburg yesterday, giving
through communication to Natal."
"French and Hutton continued their
pursuit on July 25. The former crossed
Ollfants River and from the high ground
on the east bank he could see Middleburg
and the enemy retiring in great disorder.
The main road north was blocked for sev,
eral miles with horsemen and wagons.
The enemy's rear was then seven miles
north. Mounted forces were still west of
the river. Night was closing in; the rain
was falling in torrents and so It was Im
possible to follow. The night was terrible.
In addition to the rain a strong east wind
made the bivouac most uncomfortable.
One officer, I regret to say, died of ex
posure, and the mortality among the
mules and oxen was great. The men
made light of hardships and were in
famous spirits when I saw them yester
day.
"Hunter has occupied Fourlerberg and
so far as I know did not suffer loss. Ho
found Mrs. Steyn, wife of the ex-Presl.
dent, and several of our men whom
Dewet had captured at different times,
and whom he was unable to send to
Machadodorp. :;\ : :
"The enemy In the Bethlehem hills are
now closed in upon. Basutoland is closed
to them. Harrismith is the only line open,
and it will not be easy for them to reach
there with guns and wagons.
"Broadwood is still watching Christian
Dewet, who has taken up a position on
high hills near Reitsburg, about seven
miles south of the Vaal.
"P. Dewet, a younger brother of
Christian, surrendered at Kroonstadt yes
terday. •
"Barron reports from Krugersdorp that
he has reconnoitered the railway to Bank
Station, where the train was wrecked on
July 19, and will be enabled to replenish
his supplies.
"Methuen's column, which reached tha
Krugersdorp-Potchetstroom Railway, Is
now moving on Potchetstroom.
LONDON, July 27.— The War Office ha«!
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts:
Road North of Middleburg
Blocked With Horsemen
and Wagons.
BURGHERS ARE
RETREATING IN
GREAT DISORDER
"HAVANA, July 26.— Wyman, Washing
ton: On account of general prevalence of
vellow fever in Havana I am requiring
disinfection of all baggage leaving this
city for the States. Affairs running
smoothly. Have arranged with military
authorities to deliver bulk of effects of
First Regiment in advance for disinfec
tion and storage. Articles for field use to
be disinfected immediately prior to em
barkation. Eight companies moved to
camp on the 22d. One case developed on
the 25th. Cases also reported among the
troops at Matanzas. Have notified Sur
geon Gulteras. GLENNAN."
"HAVANA, July 26.— Wyman. Washing
ton: Have been in communication with
military authorities regarding First Regi
ment. Have been eleven deaths at Plnar
del Rio; eight cases and eleven suspects
now under observation. Disease obtained
headway before differentiation. Troops
moved out to camp for observation. All
baggage and equipment will be disinfect
ed, labeled and sealed by us before being
placed upon the transports.
"GLENNAN."
WASHINGTON, July 27.-Surgeon Gen
eral Wyman hag received the following
dispatches from Surgeon General Glennan,
at Havana, relative to yellow fever among
the troops in Cuba:
Baggage to Be Disinfected
Before Shipment From
Cuba.
MEASURES TO
CHECK YELLOW
FEVER'S SPREAD
LONDON, July 27.— In the House of
Lords to-day the Earl of Wemyss asked
whether the Premier. Lord Salisbury, had
received information confirming the view
of one of^our military attaches to the ef
fect that it was all important that Eng
land should be made unassailable by
November and whether he had satisfied
himself that our means of defense were
such as to render all attempts at invas'lon
futile.
Lord Salisbury demanded the name of
such attache.
The Earl of Wemyss— I cannot give It.
Lord Salisbury— Then you have no right
to Quote him.
The Earl of "Wemyss— Tou have no
right to ask it.
Lord Salisbury, proceeding with some
wai-isth. and the Earl of Wemyss 1 in
ability to quote the name was evidence
that the story was pure invention. He
said he had never heard that it was im
portant that England should be unas
sailable by November. He understood,
however, that a number of shooting stars
might be apprehended in November. If
his Albert Hall speech on this subject
were read in its entirety It would be seen
that he did not point to any Immediate
danger. He believed the defenses were
quite adequate and had every confidence
in the future.
The Karl of Rosebery said It was to be
regretted that the Premier had incorpor
ated so much heat in his reply. He
thought the Earl of Wemyss should not
have mentioned the anonymous attache
and said Lord Salisbury's Albert Hall
speech had intensified the anxiety of this
country by its extraordinary, Inadequate
conclusion. It was not enough to tell the
Primrose League to form clubs to pro
tect liberty, when so vast a body of re
servists were locked up thousands of
miles away. The Secretary- of War had
made innumerable statements in the
House and developed schemes of national
defense, but the commander-in-chief had
never pressed support of them. The mat
ter was grave, as Parliament would
shortly adjourn.
The Earl of Klmberley hoped the Gov
ernment would devote the remainder of
the session to seeing that everything pos
sible was done to put the country in a
condition of safety.
The subject was then dropped.
Denies That He Predicted
Danger to England in
November.
SALISBURY'S
BITTER REPLY
TO WEMYSS
WASHINGTON, July 27.—Arrange
ments have practically been com
pleted for the purchase from
Spain by the I'nited States of the j
islands of Cibitu and Caravan, which
were left in Spanish possession by the
treaty of Paris, aithousrh part of the j
Philippine archiprlago.
Had the Peace Commissioners at Paris, j
In arranjdns for the relinquishment to
the United States of tbe Philippines, con
tented themselves with the phraseology j
"the Philippine archipelago," as descrip- i
five of. the territory to be ceded to the j
Ceiled States by Spain, r.o question, per- ,
haps, would have arisen over the posres- •
sion of these two islands. But, to avoid j
the least chance of loo&<* definition, the .
Peace Commissioners drew a geographical
boundary line around the islands to be j
tran.sfVrred. The bounds were Jixed l>y j
' meridians of longitude an<l parallels of j
latitude. The lines generally prescribed a ;
parallelogram, but at the southwest cor
ner, for some reason, there was an inset,
excluding some of the islands off the |
coast of Borneo. By the terms of the ]
treaty the southern boundary line of the I
arehipolaco Malted at the 127th meridian i
and ran alone the parallel of it' degrees
45 minutes westward to the meridian of
US decrees 23 minutes. At that point the
line ran directly northward to latitude
seven degrees 40" minutes, and thence was
deflected westward to the 110th meridian,
Sorming the f=mal! inset referred to.
Flag Raised on Cibitu.
It was a year after the signing of the
treaty of Paris before the fact was dis
covered that in laying: down these ooun- ;
daries the Commissioners bad excluded j
the Islands of Cibitu and Cagayan. It was
disclosed by the vjsit to that part of
the archipelag-o of the t'nited States
ship <"oncord. The commander of the ves
sel landed on Cibitu and was cordially re
ceived by the reigning Dato. who prompt
ly hoisted the stars and stripes and an
nounced himself under the protection of
the I'r.ited States. Attention being at
tracted to that quarter the Spar.ish Gov
ernment soon discovered that defect in the
boundary line and throuph Duke d'Arcos
set ui> a claim to the State Department
for the possession of the Islands. The de
partment took the ground that the pur
pose of the treaty of Paris in that section
was to convey the entire Philippine ar
chipelago to the United States and the
general language of the act of cession
was sufficient to effect that transfer, the
deiined boundary being unnnecessary de
scription. Negotiations lasting many
months followed and each and every mem
ber of the Peace Commission was
called upon to give his individual
understanding of the proceedings at Paris
«> far as they bore upon this point. Final
lv it appeared that an exact boundary
would have to bt* accepted instead of one
laid down in general terminology, accord
ing: to the fundamental principles of com
mon law.
Value of the Islands.
That being the case, It became neces
sary. In the Interest of sound policy and
to prevent the existence of a probable
cause of irritation in the future, to buy
out Spain's neighborly rights and con
tinue the two island3 as part of the
Philippine archipelago. As announced
from Madrid, the Spanish Cabinet is
favorably considering- the proposed trans
fer and the negotiations may practically
be regarded as closed on the basis of a
cash payment to Spain of $100,000 for the
two islands.
The two islands are Insignificant in area
and thinly populated, probably containing
from 6X0 to BuQO people In all. Cibitu is a
long narrow island, four miles in length
by two across. It is flat and uninterest
ing, with one small mountain in the cen
ter, about 500 feet in height. It is sur
rounded by coral reefs, with no anchorage
to speak of. Cibitu lies only four miles
outside of the southern boundary fixed by
the treaty. Cagayan Is about the same
area, five miles by eight, with mountains
reaching a height of 1100 feet. It is the
largest of half a dozen tiny islets known
as the Cagayan Sulu group, and owing
allegiance to the Sultan of Sulu. Its pro
ducts are tobacco, sugar and similar trop
ical growths. The islands are said to be
mainly valuable for their pearl and shell
fisheries, which it is possible may develop
some commercial importance.
An important consideration which has
influenced the United States Government
in these negotiations is the deslrabilir?
of excluding any European power from
the posseision of the islands as a naval
station, which would constitute a con
stant menace to the United States sover
eignty. There is reason to believe that
schemes of that kind already have been
put afloat, which are now to be thwarted.
v KADRID, July 27.— The Cabinet is considering the proposl- v
? tion of the United States Government for the cession of the islands x
Q of Cibitu and Cagayan in consideration of an indemnity of §100,- V
"£ OOO. The Ministry regards the proposition favorably and negotia- v
* tions for a treaty of accord between the two Governments are pro- V
v cceding rapidly. A
0 ¦ "
Are Outside the PJnaHppme BoMind=
ary Indicated In the Treaty
Oil x £iriS«
GOVERNMENT MAY BUY
CIBITU AID CAGAYAN
During the campaign Mr. Towne Is to be
utilized as a campaign orator, to whom
will be assigned the most desirable tours,
lie will speak only in large cities and in
close districts. His course since Steven
son's nomination has won him the respect
and admiration of Democrats in a degree
which he did not possess before. A Cab
inet position is assured to him in the
event of Bryan's election.
The source from which the announce
ment is received is such as to make It im
possible to question its accuracy. Certain
considerations of policy, which cannot
row be made public, are responsible for
the retention of Mr. Towne on the ticket
until the date named. The decision that
he should withdraw was arrived at some
weeks ago.
MINNEAPOLIS. July 27,-The Journal
to-day says: Charles A. Towne will be
withdrawn from the Populist national
ticket about August 15. At that time the
Populist National Committee will accept
his resignation and replace him with Ad
lai E. Stevenson as the nominee of the
Populist party for Vice President.
Cabinet Position Promised the Min
nesotan in the Event of the
Election of 'William J.
Bryan.
Populist Nominee to Be
Withdrawn From the
Ticket.
AUGUST 15 THE DATE
OF HIS RETIREMENT
TOWNE WILL
GIVE WAY TO
STEVENSON
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
TITEW YORK, July 27.— A decision
l\ I was handed down to-day by the
I \j United States General Appraisers
I In the test case involving the right
of the United States Government
to levy regular duties under the Dingley
tariff on goods coming from Hawaii. "W.
H. Crossman & Brothers, importers,
claimed that under the constitution no
duties could be levied, as Hawaii had be
come part of the territory of the United
States. The board overruled the protest.
The decision covers the period between
the annexation of the islands by joint res
olutions and their creation into a regular
Territory by the recent act of Congress.
The status of the islands since they be
came a Territory Is not passed upon. Gen
eral Somerville writes the opinion of the
board.
"The contention of the Importers," says
Mr. Somerville, " Is that at the time of
the shipment and entry of the goods the
Hawaiian Islands constituted a part of
the territory of the United States, and
that for this reason they were not subject
to duty under the Dingley act, but 'were
entitled to free entry. The right of Con
gress to levy these duties Is denied, as be
ing in conflict with the provisions of the
constitution, which provide that all du
ties, imports and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States, and that
no tax or duty shall be laid on articles
exported from any State. It is contended
on the part of the Government that the
Federal constitution does not extend ex
proprio vigore with all Its limitations to
newly acquired territory not yet admitted
as a State; that power of Congress over
Territories is general and plenary to
make such rules and regulations for their
government as In Its discretion that body
may see fit to do.
"A further contention of the Govern
ment Is that until Congress by special
legislation extends the tariff and other
revenue laws over newly acquired terri
tory and establishes therein collection dis
tricts, with ports of entry and clearance
for vessels, such territory remains foreign
country for tariff purposes and Its ports
are not domestic ports within the mean
ing of the laws of Congress.
"The Importers, on the other hand, con
tend that Congress is a creature of the
Federal constitution: that it necessarily
derives all its just powers from the pro
visions of that instrument and that while
in legislating for territories It may prop
erly exercise the combined powers of gen
eral and of state government, neverthe
less the Federal Government is one of the
delegated powers, and all of Its legislative
authority must be exercised in subordina
tion to the principles and subject to the
limitation of the constitution.
"On these issues the decisions of courts
and opinions of juries are apparently in
a state of conflict, if not of lnextricablo
confusion. The question of the constitu
tional powers of Congress over newly ac
quired territory is conceded to be one of
great moment. Political parties have di
vided on this issue and a question purely
constitutional thus becomes political in
its nature ¦ and consequences. It must
finally be settled by an authoritative de
cision at the hands of the highest Judicial
authority in the land— the Supreme Court
of the United States, the final arbiter of
all such disputed judicial questions. In
view of this well-settled principle and of
the conflict of authorities, the board
thinks it proper to overrule the protest
and affirm the Collector's decision, which
is accordingly ordered."
General Appraisers Decade Test Case
in Favor of Federal Gov
ernment,
TARIFF RULING AGAINST
HAWAIIAM EXPORTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1900.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
About This
In addressing Mrs*
Plnkham you are com-
municating with
A woman whose expe-
rience in treating female
ills is greater than that
of any living person, male
or femaiem
She has fifty thousand
such testimonial letters
as we are constantly pub-
lishing showing that Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Gompound is daiiy re-
lieving hundreds of suf-
fering wtsKisn*
Every woman knows
sonto woman Mrs* Pink-
ham has restored to
health*
Mrs. Pinkham makes
no statements she cannot
provem Her advice Is
fnaa Lvdia E. Pinkham
MrUiZ* , Med. Co., Lynn, Mass.
mI^HTSt! X si}%uSf
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT, SATURDAY. JULY 23.
Parquet, Kc, any seat; BaJcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any i>art.
"THE ALLIED FORCES" OF VATTDEV1LLE.
SULLIVAN AND WEBBER: MAZIE KINO;
WILLIAMSON AND STONE: DOXAHUU
AXD NICHOLS: GILBERT AXD GOLD IE.
JESSIE PADCHAM. "
ETTA BUTLER,
and last week of Mlsa LILLIAN BURKHART.
AMERICAN UIOGKAPH.
Showing the Burning Xorth German LJoyd
Steamers.
NEXT WEEK-
Mr. and Mrs. JOHN NASON
(Katherine Gray).
Only Vaudcvl! o Appearance Hera and
Los Angeles.
FINAL MATiNEE TO-DAY AT 2.
And Last Two Farewell Xl^hts of
WANG!
SPECIAL!— Next Monday Begin3
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
' "AIDA"— Mond.. Wed., Fr!d.. Sat. Nights.
"LUCIA"— Tuesday Thursday. Sunday Even-
" lnes and Saturday Matinee.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and Wo
Telephone Bush 9.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee aad Manager
MATINEE TO-DAT.
NEwOilltfW Li£» ¥ PANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
THE' fiRFAT fflY f
I PL UiiLH 1 SiUUIa
Commencing TUESDAY EVENING NEXT.
"THE RED LAEflP."
PRICES-1>, 23c. SOc, 73c.
Saturday Matinee— 10c. ljc. £5c. SOc.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MATINrE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
The Farcical Romance Success.
| HIS EXCELLEHGYJHE GOVERNOR.
SUNDAY NIGHT. SECOND SERIE3.
BURTON HOLMES LEC1URES.
Subject— "JAPAN REVISITED."
NEXT WEEK-
HENRY MILLER and SPECIAL C0XPANY la
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
HENRY MILLER as Lieutenant John Hinds.
MATINEE T(TdAY AT 2:15.
\ LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET In
THE
NEXT WEEK-
"ROiMFO AND JUUET."
SEAT3NOAV READY.
r^=n*MATINEE TODAY
\&?m AT 2:15 P. M.
]^5p5 ! AND TO-NIGHT. LAST TIMES OB"
>" RUSH CITY
Commencing TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) Ni^ht.
DUNNE & RYLEYS ALL-STAR CAST.
MATHEWs'arid BULGER
In Their Intensely Successful Vau- j
deville Operetta. p A '
By flu Sad Sea Waves;®/
One Week Only. . * ' *"'—
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SCENES OF THE GREAT STEAM-
SHIP FIRE AT HOBOKEN.
CANNON, THE^ FAT MAN.
WALLACE, THE UflTAH ABLE LION.
specialTo-nighti
sapho and monster
CAKEWALK.
Telerhone for Seat3— Park t3.
FISCHER'S co^ c m l R J 0^ 0 ° u3E -
DEETS AND DON; MAE TUNIPON; DAISY
BISHOP: JAMES E. NICHOLS: VIOLET
JOHNSON; WESTIN, the Man of 1C0 Fates,
and NEW MOVINO PICTURES.
MATINEE SUNDAY. RaserveJ Seats. S5c"
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From I a, n. t» 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7. a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION We. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission 23c. Children, We.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /gL^^gZ^*
Very •aeall umdL a* easj
4» take mm cvgax.
SFF lpADTcrfcl F08 headag »e. SEE
3EE GAKTERS FOR DIZZKJESS. DED '
GENUINE iivri* for torpid liver. GEMJIiNS
H pfl j"S F0R c0MST ' p AT10N.
WRAPPFR 1 la FOR SALLOW SK!«. WRAPPFB
WKA1TLK jiaidi I for THECOMPLExioa WKAmS
2S F^g t> I Purely TegetaM>. /^a»^g^^s
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AXD FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY "WITHOUT PAIX. by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. No
sleep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATEXTED APPLIAXCES
and ingredients to extract, nil and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten y?ars,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN". Full ret of
teeth $3; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Oolrl crowns. $5. Gold fillings. $1. Silver nil-
ings. ECc. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we. advertise. We will tell you in advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
f£Q PLATES l^l^S^
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND, OR.
BRAXCH SEATTLE. WASH.
MANHOOD RESTORED xiSiiiii
Vitalizer, the prescription of a
— —^^»^»_ .. famous French physician, will ,
€T2u£?4*2jtdft luii'kly cure you of ull ner-
a£r<5«jKi£2 vous or diseases of the n?n™ra-
/qvV'Q^SSWS l ' ve organs, such a? Lost Man-
ftjjgB .— > r.t*v hood. Insomnia, Pains in the
3s2r^ rv§S? 1Jack - Nervous Dei-vility, Plrn-
rt5jv ,jji*.fcSff pl«?s. Exhausting Drains. Varl-
WKjv *^>|$tf cocele and Constipation. It
\sJSw stops all losses by day or
nieht. CuDidene cleanses the
liver the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
Impurities. Cupidene strengthens and restores
small weak oreans.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
is because 90 per cent are troubled with Pros-
tatltis. Cupidene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A wrttten guarantee Riven and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do not effect a permanent
cure $1.00 a box, 6 boxes for $5.00. by m.ili.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Ell la st.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Drug Co., 2S&43 Third at.
" |
A visit OR- JORDAN'S sreat^
\ tar The Lar-*«t Anatomical Museum in the \
I n s^P^fc* World. V. ciknesci or any o.ntrsctcd Q \
;'/ j»,*Sj5 diicase p*-r««IvrJycDrodt:7thcoldCit t i
6 B CSS s ? acI " Jis:rr * Coau. esc 36ydi>. V |
1 2 4f&ya rarwac/LOBff&TE sissases $
S S^^'^fi t.O3*«U»tlca frM and stri-'tly private. \
a f¥ tft W /Iw.fme Cvrc in every cawui^ertaitra. W
ml l'tei Wrte for Booh. FaiLOnSPaYvl j
I U \\-i X&aniAGK, MAILED fcut !AF
X J\ Ji valuable bcoh fcr mrn/ \
7 K>il. ,BOKI>A5J«Jfc<r©.,lC51iIartcetSt..S. F. f
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San '
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under . one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans. r" ¦•;
gsa CHICHEBTER'8 ENGLISH
frNi^Sp*^^ KEI> and Gold metallic box*., iai"
J^ S^lSil7, lthl!lo " ribbo 2- Takcn< ><» il »cr. K»fa«o
TY1 «J* *Jra J>«iceron« *cb«UtoMon« «nd Imlta.
\ I i fW tlol " u Bu / ° r y° nr Drn«i»t. or wad 4e. In
I JT *C •'»??» f ". r . P»rt!<M,lar«. Testimonials
I* turn Mall. lO.OOO T»tln»iln.. f»oi/b,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTOKATIVE, IN VIGOR V.
*tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both «exes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Hells on Us own merits.
NAEER. ALFS & RRUXE. Aeents
J23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
KEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
KEARNV AND WASHINGTON STS -RE-
rnodeled and renovated. KIXG WARD &
CO. European plan. Itooms. LOc to tl 50 Uav
$5 to JS week; Js to J20 month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in even
room; elevator runs all nisht.
AMUSEMENTS.
Sacramento
San Francisco
TO-DA Y AT 3 f*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O P. fiT.
RECREATIOlf PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.The funeral of the late Supervisor, John
E.V A. Helms, will take place Sunday
morning at fl:43 o'clock from his late resi
dence,2140 Howard street. The members
of the board will assemble at the Super
visors' chambers at 9:15 o'clock and will
proceed in carriages to the residence of
the late Supervisor. The interment will
take place at Holy Cross Cemetery.
Supervisor Helms' Funeral.
This mornins the people of St. Joseph's
parish will cross the bay to Shellmound
Park to hold there their annual reunion
and picnic. A novel feature of this year's
outinK will be the baby show. Then thero
are to be the usual races and games, sev
eral valuable gate prizes being offered as
rewards. The following committee has
the affair in charge: J. T. Dowling. presi
dent: T. E. Teary. vica president; E. O.
Curtis, secretary: Miss M. Slmpein, R. p,
Doolan. F. Schilling. J. J. Milley, J. R
Williams. T. K.- Hamilton ami P. Kelly.
Admission to the grounds 50 cents.- Chil
dren 25 cents. Boats and trains leave and
return every half-hour.
St. Joseph's Parish Picnic.
Will Eave Private Tebphones.
Superintendent of Schools Webster and
his deputies. Jordan, Kingsbury and How
ard, feel apgrie\/d at the refusal of the
Hoard of Education to place a private
telephone system in their offices. The fact
that such a-system, costing: 5150, had been
installed in the offices of the School Direc
tors prompted Superintendent Webster to
request that another be installed in his
departments to cost $tiO as a matter of.
convenience. The board condescended to
appropriate $30 for the purpose, and the
Superintendent and his three deputies de
cided to assess themselves for . the re
mainder.
speeches were made
Three of Its Oldest Members Will Sail
on the Hancock for
China.
Sergeant Joseph Nichols. Corporal
George Cram ar * Private William Carey
of Company A. League of the Cross Ca
dets, were tendered a farewell party at
the company's quarters. «14 Van Ness
avenue, last night. The boys leave to-uay
on the transport Hancock for China, hav
ing accepted positions under Major Hut'h
J Galliisher, chief commissary of the
United States forces under General Chaf
fce. .By their departure the company
loses three of its oldest members and
hardest workers.
The following; programme was rendered:
Remarks, Cantaln Hopper: 'rag-time selec
tions Samuel Gale; piano solo. A. Articles;
vocal eoIo, J. McEnerny; violin solo. James
RothberK- selections, piano. "William Ray; vo
c.il solo, Benjamin MeK!nl*> r : recitation. Ser
geant O'Brien; vocal solo, Willard Sloan; vocal
eoIo. Ed Moore. \ . . . .¦'•¦, ¦
After the rendition of the programme
the cadets repaired to the- banquet room,
where a fine spread wmj served and
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS SAY FAREWELL
Board of Public Works Invites Pro
posals for Grading of Sixth
Street.
On the recommendation of Superinten
dent of Public Buildings Barnett- tho
Board of Public Works yesterday award
ed the contract to build the electric ele
vator for the City Hall to W. L. Hol
man for $5000. Though flolman'a bid is
the highest, Barnett considers that It
Is much lower than cither of three others
submitted, considering- the fact that Hol
man proposes to furnish an elevator cage
worth at Irast J100 more than either of
the others; also an elevator inclosure for
ihe lirst floor and for the whole shaft
costing at lea.st $150 more than the. prill
work figured on by the other bidders.
Tho secretary was directed to advertise
for proposals for tne regrading and re
pavlnar of Sixth street, between Folsom
and Harrison.
BID FOR ELECTRIC
ELEVATOR AWARDED
For a party or society this affords a fine
chance for a delightful day. as they can
provide music ami have a pood -deck for
dancing or other pastime to their hearts'
content.
The pteamer will leave ferry depot, foot
of Market street; San Francisco, at 9 .a.
m. and return about 8 p. m. Round trip
tickets $1.
An. excursion on the Sacramento River
is one of the novelties advertised for pas
time on Sunday next. Tho Southern Pa
cific has two steamers plying between San
Francisco and Sacramento, both commo
dious and comfortable, boats, and both
will be put into service for this occasion
from both ends of the route. As the com
filete trip from either end takes two days,
t has been arranged that they shall meet
at Isleton, transfer cargoes, and each
return to starting point.
Thomas Farren was locked up in the
Seventeenth-street station yesterday by
Policeman James A. Belyea on the charge
of battery for beating his wife. The pres
ent i3 r> ot the first experience that Farren
has had in being locked up for assaulting
the woman- he promised to love and cher-.
ish. Ten months ago he kicked his wife
in the stomach so brutally that her life
was despaired of. After being confined
in the City and County Hospital for sev
eral weeks she eventually recovered and
declined to prosecute her husband. Yes
terday he smashed a pitcher over her
head, cutting her in a fearful manner.
The unfortunate woman was seen on the
street near her residence, on Knterprise
street oft Folsom, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth streets, all covered with
blood. When questioned by the arresting
officer she feaid her husband had struck
her with a pitcher.
Farren a Brutal Husband.
The major portion of the business trans
acted by the San Francisco Labor Coun- ,
• oil iai-t night was the election of the of- I
for the ensuing six months. A repe- J
j tition of the candidates and results of six j
i months ago took place in bo far as the i
I presidency was concerned. E. L. Clapp !
! ar.d A. Dijeau were placed in nomination j
i and after a tie on the tirst ballot, Clapp :
j won out by one vote, as he did at the j
I t>lf*ction six month before.
i The othor officers elected are: Vice
' President. W. II. Goff ; recording and cor
i responding fcecretary, Ed - Rosenberg-;
financial secretary. C. H. Parker; treas
! urer, Krnn Koenig; sergeant at arms, F.
i Harnett; trustees--. J. Macarthur, J.
i Xugent, <". Schuppert; executive commit
! tee, A. R. Andre, J. McCartney, XV. H.
Goff, A. Iten. J. Nugent, C. Schultz. F.
Earnett; organizing committee, P. Bar-'
nett. V. Rritton. \V. H. Goff. A. Iten. T.
K. Zant : law and legislative committee, A.
Iten, W. Macarthur. C. II. Parker, T.
! YVestoby. T. E. Zant.
After the election the council declared
j a boycott against the horseshoeing shop
of Thomas ' 2+cGce. A complaint was
made against the Pabst Cafe on the
ground that Its proprietors, Schwartz &
Reth, employed scab musicians. The boy
cott heretofore declared against G. Kutz
& Co. was declared oft. the firm
having pettled its trouble with the union
shoeworkers. Some obstinate restau
rateurs who were accused of having
their printinp done by scab shops prom
ised to patronize union shops. A similar
agreement was made by some dairies and
toe American tea house. A communica- >
lion from Portland. Ore., stated that!
! t f,,. rr i s trouble In that city over the man-
I ncr' in which the "Hello" rirls are being
treated, and that the giddy maids have
struck their jobs and walked out Into the
bracing atmosphere.
Labor Council Officers.
Powers contends that the agreement !
with the teachers" litigation committee |
did not provide for the payment of rents
and water bills and therefore there must j
come to him the sum of $3000. In that
case there will not be sufficient funds to
pay salaries in full.
Auditor Wells advised Mrs. Mann to ac
cept Powers' proposition in order to avoid
further litigation even though a shortage,
would result. In all likelihood an early
settlement on that basis will be made.
At a. conference held yesterday morn
ing at which there were present Auditor
Wells, Mrs. A. L. Mann, representing the
school teachers, and Frank Powers, at
torney for the merchant creditors of the
city, the latter insisted that his cliqnts
should receive ten per cent of the $15,000
received from inheritance taxes. Powers
agreed to pay all the costs of court ac
cruing during the litigation over previous
moneys of the same character. If his
proposition was accepted he promised to
allow the payment of the remaining
money due on salaries for November, 1808.
able Funds.
Merchant Creditors Lock Herns With
School Teachers Over Avail-
DELAY IN PAYMENT
OF BACK SALARIES
A Thousand Penniless Men Sleep in
the Streets of the Camp at
Captain "Jack" Crawford. Indian fight
er, grout and poet, arrived, in this city
yesterday afternoon and is registered at
the California. The captain came direct
from Dawson and Cape Nrnn?. and han
some definite opinions regarding the two
sections. He frunouncts the Klondike
mining industry a thoroughly substantial
proposition anil says the mints of that
region will send out this season J:T,.0O0.i>'>
that will be accounted for and much mora
money that will be smuggled.
Captain Crawford's description of the
rrnflitioijs existing at Capo Nome are de
cidedly depressing. He says there an
9)000 people in the place, when there ia
accupation for only 4000, and that one can
walk the streets of Nome at night and
find one thousand men sleeping withov.t
rover and penniless on the sidewalks. Th«j
smallpox epidemic is nothing like what
has been told and It seems to be well in
hand. Under existing conditions Nome la
i good place to stay away from, according
to the theory of the famous scout.
» <» »
She Charges Bigamy.
Mrs. Kocky Levy has sued Morris Levy '
to anrul their marriage. Mr*. Levy al-
I».c:e3 that at the tinK' of their marriage.
August 4, 1S9S, the defendant had a wife
living.
CAPTAIN CRAWFORD SAYS
CAPE NOME IS OVERDONE
Accused of Conducting a Game of
Chance and Also a
Complaints were filed in Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday against \X. D. Valentine,
H. Miiller, M. Burke and A. Pritchard,
who were arrested at 53 Ellis street
Wednesday night on two charges, 'lhey
are charged with conducting a game of
chance by means of cards and machines
known as the "clock" gnme-and also with
conducting a lottery. -
Valentine has been arrested on similar
charges on more than one occasion. Over
ten years ago he ran a "clock" game
with a partner named Rumble. He and
Rumble dissolved partnership and Val
entine was arrested. Two years later
Rumble and his assistants were arrested
on Market street, near Fifth, and the
whole of the paraphernalia was siezed.
This put an end to the business for some
years, but in 1S0S Valentine was again
arrested.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
James L. H. Manning from Maud I... Man
ning for cruelty. Adela Hollman from
Henry Hollman for desertion and Bessie
fr. Bardwell from William Bardwell for
desertion. Leonora Heikie has sued Alex
ander Heikie for a divorce, alleging
cruelty.
TWO CHARGES PREFERRED
AGAINST W. D. VALENTINE
A DELIGHTFUL
STEAMER TRIP
Up the Sacramento Next
Sunday, Only a .
Dollar.
Intimates That^Choynski's Officious
Actions Lost His Client a Horse
shoeing 1 Contract.
It was broadly intimated by FireCom
{ missioner Hecht during: tho hearing of
j the Kennedy injunction proceedings be
fore Judge Hebbard yesterday that but
for the "disagreeable and officious^'
actions" of Attorney Herbert Choynski i
and his clients, Horseshoers Kennedy and |
Graney. Kennedy would have been award
ed a contract and saved the necessity of.
going to court in an effort to obtain de
| partment business. Many witnesses were i
called during the day to testify regarding |
the number of bar shoes and pads used j
on department horses. Fire Commis- i
«ioner Hecht ¦was then called. He said
tbat as the figures showed ORourke's bid
to be the lowest for bar shoes, more of
which than any other kind were used by
the department, he considered his bid the
lowest, as did his associates, and hence
awarded him the contract.
A question asked the witness by At
torney Choynski opened hostilities. With
out answering- the interrogation, Hecht,
addressing the attorney, said:
"If you and your clients had been less
disagreeable and officious you might have
had a better chance to get a contract.
The board did not feel very kindly toward
Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Graney after their
many personal assaults. You and Mr.
Graney, I concluded, were the two most
disagreeable men I ever had the displeas
ure to meet.
"Don't you know that as a public serv
i ant you a"re liable to these displeasures?"
I responded Choynski.
"I understand that proposition thor
' oughly. but 1 don't think your intelli
gence is of a quality which entitles you
to attempt to tell me my business, and
I don't think that you can," responded
Hecht.
"I think I can." said Choynski.
"I think you won't," responded Hecht,
hotly.
An objection from Attorney Costell%
representing the Fire Commissioners, was i
i seized upon by Judge Hebbard to end the \
i quarrel. :
FIRE COMMISSIONER
HECHT GRILLS LAWYER
THE LATE RAYMOND D. YELLAND.
•jp=5N ATMOND P. YELT.AXD, the dlstin
\\^_j) guished landscape artist, died oi
JT^" pneumonia at his residence, 1404
Seventh avenue. Oakland, yester
day after an ;i!r.f?ps of Several months.
Mr. Yelland was stricken last March, hut
was not thought to he seriously ill until a
few days ago, when he collapsed under
the strain cf his prolong d sickness.
Mr. Yellajid's work ranks among the
best on the Paeiflc < Toast. One of his
finest creations 13 the "Cities of the Gold
en Gate." hunp in the library of the X ni- r
verslty of California, in which institution
he was instructor in drawing, he.«:drs be
ing a lecturer on perspective and in
structor at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Mr. Yelland was bo/n In EnKland fifty
two years ago. lie came to the I'nited
States in his youth. His early training
was in New Jersey, and later he took the
complete art course of the National Acad
emy of Design of New York City, gradu
ating from that famous institution with
hich honors. After that he studied for
! several years in landscape painting under
i the tutelage of J. R. Krevoort of New
York. Subsequently h*- went to Paris arvl
was a ptipil ir fistire drawins in the
: studio of U O. Merson.
IniriJijr 1S8S-S3 Mr. Ye!land was< a direct
i or of the California School of 1^??^"- Be
sides landscapes he did s>me excpllrnc
i seacoast bits in oil. All of his prodtir
| tions were of the hish^st artistic merit,
i strong, bright ami faithful to nature and
| technique.
At thf O.nkiand free public library Is a
| loan exhibition o? some of tlte deccaseil
' artist's host productions. Up wns instru
' mental in having: a number of -workers In
| oil Join with him In hanRins pictures in
> thf» library rooms. Deceased was a mem-
I h^r of Piiprim Coogresatlonal Church o'
: East Oakland. H« leaves a wife and :x.
i daughter, Mlsa W!r.°fred Yelland of l^-«
i near relatives nra W. A. Yel'and of L«:s
'< Gatos, a nephew, and tJeorpre C Meeker
¦ of San Jo.-»#». a brother-ln-la'W. llr. Yel
. land married Misa A. K. Meeker in ISTa.
Hf was a public ppiritr-fi citizen, active
¦ in promotins; all interests which served t f >
1 ilevelop a better civic life for the city.
: The funeral will be held Sunday.
A two-rtory brick building will be put up
for the Free Masons and <\id Fcllowi at San
Ar;drea;=. Calaveras County. Snnta Barbara
mrtii build a. fcieb *chtx>l to cost J3O.O00. Santa
J.V nlca. will have a new town ha'.l to cost
Frr^no }¦ about to erect a. frame school bulld
ir.g. liarracks are to be constructed at Artoria.
Or. The Normal School at Lios Ar.g^les will
l» larRf-iy !mprovc4. Three buildings will be
* rr«-ie<! on Goat Islard. Modesto is about to
erect a Hall cf Records.
Hale I3ro«. with L. & E. F/manuel. for in
terior store fixtures fpr peconi story of Etore
building on south line of Market street, be
tween Fifth and h":xth Etre<-ts, cost fS17i: E. G. J
tv-hmi<-dell with M. C. Lynch for ail work on |
two-Ftery attic and basement frame building
en the north'"ast corner of Washington and
.^ffrirr Ftrfet?. cost CTOOt; John McCarthy with
J'.. Martin, for alterations and additions to
caaka a three-story buildintr on the northwest
a met o* Harrison and Dora streets, coet JCC&O;
<!aus EpreckeU with Dyer Bros., for orr.a
mental '.ron work fcr five-story buildine on
t uth liris of Market etre*% near Third, cost
I-KKi; E. Blakey with Merritt F. Gale.
IT exravatiiip, brickwork, foundation and all
rrasonry for a one-story brick building for
foundry en the north lir.e of Tehama 1'lace.
t4 feet cast of First street; al&o with Charles
A. lJuebei for carpentry, ironwork, roof win
cow-8 and all work to complete EU-ucture, total
cost J7C2C; Claus fpreckeis with O. E. Brady
fi Son for brick work for flvp-stcry build inj
<¦?! south lir:e of Market, near Third, cost &>72o;
J'r^dcrick Tillmn::n Jr.. trustee of the estate
< : Clau* il^nseis, with Schwarz &. Grunriy and
«.'. fichutt for i/lursbir.c. fewf-riny, pas fitting.
H ¦ 'trj'. rlasterinfe and electrical work for
¦Jtentlaoa and additions to Hotel Plymouth,
r : h»'a5t corner of Jone» ar.d Hush streets,
t -• 5i*'i; Ar.tone St. Super}' with L. B. Per
r:.n:out for all work except painting on three
t -y frame building on northeast corner of
F Dd and De Boom Ftreets, c^f-t ?>i75: trharK's
.' I tjchou with Alexan>5re Motte for altera
r m ?i!id additions to a two-story frame bulld
!"'•. f^ats on the north' ast corner of Green
!-¦ ¦ •. and West Knd alley, cost J575; Ft. '
I.:ko-« Hcwpital with Ueuben H. Kurlbut,
'J mai Butler. "Western Expanded Metal and
E • Roofins <"ornr<any and William Y. Wilson
j\ irjjenter work, brirkw-ork, <"ipani)«l metal
-: I ;:.; k:.<1 roughing: in on pavilion and bciler
bwise on the west iine of Valencia, street 52S:3
feet BOUti of ""wer.ty-s-'.xth ftreet, cost $2o,S73;
Ft Thompson with Thomas W. Butcher, W.
Kncvles and George Ileichley for brick and
Ironwork, carpentry. m!U and stalrwork,
plafs tnd glazing for additional itory
¦ -. the Stanley-street wing of building now
In construction en i : >cond and Br>"a.nt streets.
¦ « J<Ca- Thoir.2* G. Taylor with California
• vxTf\> Xlompar.y for concrete foundations.
! .lament •wails and floor for a four-story and
hasemest trick building en the west line of
J-«-aJ« etreet, Z22:S feet north of Mission, cost
Si-70. • . A - ¦
Builfi!nr» for public use are planned as
follow?^
!:r.e of Djlcrts street. Ul feet e.iuth of Twenty
firw, 32x117:6. fClSti; estate of Georsc Raabe t.by
<.;•¦. rje V. Metzsrer. l>ter Denr.fr and Henry
j". \\ . Schaier. executors) to Minr.le Rohrer,
FOUthwAst corner of Twenty-firet and Kolsom
meets, TraS^t, $13,000; Louise D. and John C.
}irifk"U wxwjk rs cf the e?tate of John
Jlrirkrin to Henry D. and Jaui^a 1^. Hawks,
ww. :ir.e of J^arktn ftrtot, :6.6 N. of Chestnut.
£7x137:*;. J1600; Dorcthfa M. Klumpke to K. AV.
Ecfaraejer, eouthwest corner of Twenty-s<=<»r.d
tnd Valencia etrms. 2C:2?: (: '?, tSOW; Hibernia
Karincs and Loan Society to Guptave R.. E<1
viird C. nn«J Henry C. Oietrtch. southeast
<'.ri>-r of Jackson and L^rorom street?. 2?x62,
Th'oman Mage« i Son« report the Fale of the
*<v_!thTi-<?st corner of Seoond »tre*t and Veruna
Xla.-e. between Foltom and Harrison strct-ts.
110 feet on Second, by IK fe^t on Ve
rona place, for JlrsDOQ. Prominent local ma
chire-maker* will j>ut vp works there. The
Tlnlon Iron Work* recently bought the opposite
A. M. Speck & Co. report the following
«"re«-t, between Hrannan and Townsend
I ¦-.?. l^Xxl27.-«, from P. A. Fioda et ai. to
• Carpy lor £2.&d0; lot and Uiree-story frame
improvements on fcouth line of Mission etreet.
:.r. lc*t cast of «-ixtb street, lot 2i<x^i feet, from
Mrs. L«ouise Bee to G. Migliavacca, wine mer
chant of N'apa. for $12.C""u; Jot 4*xT5 feet and
t-ix fiats at Xos. Mos» street, froiji Mrs.
.l^nnle J. Wade Mahaney to Bertha B. Raphael.
: r MOM; let i'Oioo feet on south line cf Sher
«roo4 t Inez, east of Third etreet, from Jennie
Ixiwenthal to H. K. rJothln. for J1000.
BuIWeTS* contracts have been put on rec
ciJ as follows during the past week:
The local realty market is excellent for
this season. During: the week just past
< ighty-four deefls have been placed en
record. The price* named in some of
these deeds are es follows:
Freflprtkt. F. Schloss. Nannie A. aad Morris
ileverflc-ld Jr. to Mary F. Uarron. northwest
«.-orner of Fell cx.d Cole etrwts, £3:6x100. 16600:
Martin Halje to W. Kster* von Krakau. Carl
J\ Mraixse and Gotthard ?. Bachman. south
• urner of Eighteenth avenue a.n<1 CJ street.
;-K. 2TI.85. W. 220.12. N'V.\ liC.S:.. $1000; Wallafce
51. Cowie ana Carrie I- Icicle urustoes of
3;r<.ir.a. J«. Cowlei to tarsh A. JJick. east
alleged status and object for the exist
ence of the Santa Rosa Island Company.
This assertion is made by Eliza M. Mil
ler, executrix of the will of the late A
P. More, and Cornolia A. Baldwin, in a
cx»nt<-st tiled yosterday to the application
of the company named for distribution
to it of wool and sheep belonging to the
ilore estate.
In the contest It is allesed that Eleanor
H. More, who was entitled to one-eiphth
of A. P. More's estate, died in March
of this year. Six months prior to her
doath. the contestants continue, she was
mentally incompetent. Taking advantage
of that fact, John F\ More and Peter \V.
Watson entered into a conspiracy to de
fraud her. They induced her to execute
a power of attorney to Watson authoriz
ing him to deal with her interests. They
falsely asserted to her, it is claimed, that
A. P. More was in his lifetime largely
indebted to them and that the contest
ants, Mrs. Miller and Cornelia A. Bald
win, were endeavoring to deprive them
or their rijrhts. On these assertions. It is
alleged, -they enlisted the sympathies of
Eleanor II. More and, it is averred, to aid
thorn the deceased executed the power of
attorney. Then John F. More and P. W.
Watson induced her to make a will be
queathing them her interest, which • is
valued at $.vt.00<i.
The alleged fictitious corporation was
then formed, the contestants claim, and
in view of the fact that the will of
Eleanor H. More, bequeathing her prop
erty to John F. More and P. W. Watson,
is being contested, they pray that tho
Santa Rosa Island Company, "which has
no legal interest in the estate," be denied
the right to receive and dispose of the
property named.
Shortly after this answer was filed
Judge CofEey called for hearing the ap
plication of the executrix of the More
estate to sell Mescaltitan Island, a tract
of land consisting of sixty acres, in Santa
Barbara County. The sale of the land
was confirmed to C. C. Sherman and Mr.
Rowe for $4100.
CONSPIRACY THE
CHARGE MADE BY
ELIZA M. MILLER
Avers That Effort Is Being
Made to Defraud the
More Heirs..
?
Charges Employes in the Offices of
Bodg-ers, Paterson & Slack "With
Being Directors of a Fic
titious Corporation.
a
"A fictitious corporation, composed of
the clerk, stenographer and notary in
the offices of Rodgers, Paterson & Slack,
and two other persons who are unknown,
but all conspiring together to defraud the
heirs of Eleanor H. More out of her inter
est in the estate of A. P. More." is the
J25.000. Berkeley advertises for bids to erect
«. one-story frame school building on Has'e
ftreot.
The larger releases of the week were as
follows:
Hibenila Savings and Loan Society to Dor
othea M. Klumpke, the southwest corner rf
Twenty-eecond and Valencia streets, J750C;
Recants of the University of California to Uie
Pacific Power Company, southeast corner of
Stevenson aad Ecker streets, and also property
on the south line of Jessie. 155 feet west of
Kir.-=t Ftreet. $75,000; Hibernia Saving* and Loan
Society to George A. Raa.be. the southeast
corner of Folsom and Twenty-first streets.
Jil.700; German Pavings and Ixiaji Society to
the San Francisco Turn Verein. property on
pouth line of Turk etreet. 137:6 east of Hyde.
S2:6 by 137:6. $28,00": Hibernia Savlrurs and Loon
Society to R. C. Chambers, the southwest coi
ner of Willard and Frederick streets, $15,000.
The mortgages recorded in the past
wwk numbered fifty-nine and amounted
to $224.5>33. The releases in the same period
numbered fifty-four and amounted to
$221 .2S3.
The larger mortgages of the past week
are the following:
Lillora Car.fieM to the German Savings and
Loan Focietv, 27:Cx<5 on the west line of
Fr^r.t ttrcft. 100 feet"horth of California, and
C£:Pxl37:6 on the west line of I>upor.t street, 6S:3
south of Sacratnouto. for IIR.OW, two years at
7 rer ceiu; San Francisco Turn Verein to the
Humbolat Savings and Loan Society, S2:6xl37:6
on .the south line of Turk street. 13T:C east of
Hyde, for j:7,000, two years at 6 per cent; Gus
tave R.. Edward C. and Henry D. Dietrich to
the Hibernia Savines an>1 Loan Society, the
southeast cr.rner of Jackson end Drumm
etreetF, for J75C0. one year at 6 per cent; Caro
line P. B. Ftcry to the Savings and Loan So
ciety, property on nonh line of McAllister
street, 62:6 cast of Lcavenworth, for $20,000, one
year at 6 cer cent.
The Kosmos liner Abydos will sail for
Hamburg via Central and South Ameri
can ports to-day. She takes away an un
usually large cargo, among which are sev
eral large consignments of California wine
and canned fruits. This morning the Aby
dos will go into the stream to take aboard
a quantity of powder. As soon as that is
aboard she will sail.
The Abydos to Sail To-Day.
The cabin passengers from Sydney, N.
S. W,, and all the steerage passengers on
the mail steamer Alameda were landed
yesterday. The tug Reliance brought the
passengers and the tug the basr
page from the steamer and then made a
second trip to the quarantine station for
the Sydney people and their baggage. The
crew of the steamer was then landed
and the vessel was fumigated. The Ala
meda will dock this morning. In her spe
cie tank there Is $2,500,000 in English sov
trolgnp. These will be landed and sent
to the mint just as soon as the mall boat
gets alongside.
Alameda's Passengers Landed.
The insurance companies are maklnp an
effort to locate and raise the pilot boat
Bonita that was sunk by a whale off the
Famllon-irf a few days ago; Early yester
day morninpr the tup: Ida W went out to
the Fpot. where the vewl wont down ana
began dratrRingr for her. The pilot boat's
kertge anchor was down when she began
to nil so the chances are she has not
drifted very far. Should the Ida W locate
the wreck an attempt will be made to
raise and bring her into San Francisco,
where she will be repaired.
There is a considerable amount of in
suranc on the Bonita and the underwrit
ers do not like to pay it out without first
attempting 1 to recover the vessel. The in
surance men seem to think that the dam
age to her is not so very great and that
a few thousand dollars may raise and
repair the vessel. In any event the trial
is being made. It was not successful yes
terday, but another try will be made to
dar.
The pilot boat America has taken up the
Bonita's cruise. She was formerly a white
vessel, but Captain F. Jordan has had her
painted black for the occasion and now
the longshoremen say she is in mourning
for the "loss of the Bonita.
Searching for the Bonita.
The Rosecrans was brought here from
Seattle in a hurry to load for China. She
Will take away a siege battery composed
of 110 men pn>\ 174 horses. She was docked
last nicht and the work of petting her
ready will be ru:-hed. In a week tho
transport will be ready to sail, and if the
battery is here she; will go out next Satur
flny
The Warren will. not po to China, but
will sail for Manila on Aupust 16 with
recruits and supplies. . , _ , ,
Tho Hancock nails to-day for Taku via
Nagasaki. She will carry BOO marines, a
battery of artillery and a number of sol
diers. She will be followed by the Meado
next Wednesday. 'Vl_ r r ¦ ~'\v '
Tho next tranppprt due here from Ma
nila is the Logan, and she should arrive
to-dav or to-morrow. Just as soon as she
can b? got ready she will sail for China
if the circumstances warrant.
The Transport Rosecrans.
The following jotned the Warren at
Nagasaki: lieutenant C. E. Hampton,
Mrs C K. Hampton and child. Dr. Rob
ert 'Dr Bowen, Mr. Kliott, Mr. Gleason
and O. H. Berlin. *
During the voyage of the transport
thero was only one death. E. Gaffney, a
son of James Oaffney of the ban > ran
cisco Transfer Company, died on July -17
of consumption and hemorrhage. The
body was embalmed and brought to ban
Francisco.
The transports Warren and Rosecrana
arrived In port yesterday. The former
camo in from Manila via Nagasaki quite
unexpectedly, while the Rosecrans came
from Nome via Seattle. According to the
telegrams the Warren left Nagasaki on
July 16. so naturally she was not looked
for until Thursday next. The fact is she
saile'd on July 10, so the run is only an
average one. She was quarantined on her
arrival, but will bo released to-day.
The Warren brings home 4a cabin and
27 Becond cabin passengers, 221 enlisted
and 82 discharged men and 21 prisoners.
A home battalion of the Twenty-third In
fantry, composed of 182 men, is among
those aboard.
At Nagasaki the Warren left the follow
ing passengers: Miss A. S. Miller, Major
M C Foot. Major George H. Penrose.
Mrs. C. R. Noyes, Mrs. F. R. Brown ana
Dr. R. Phelan.
The cabin passengers on the Warren
are: " r *''"~
Lieutenant Frank J. Morrow, Lieutenant
Geonse F Young,' Attlng Assistant SurgeonJ.
H Mlttr.i"k Lieutenant Colonel Thomas It.
llkn'er Miss Mathilde Pheifer. Miss Jean Al
len 1,'iputenant M. K. Cunningham, Walter
Oerbrk-h, Kmile Muench. Henry Winter. Lieu
tenant Alston Hamilton, Lieutenant Edward
O 1 Flaherty, F. H. Sovereign, H. D. Smith. C.
A Fitzgerald. Otto Strubel. Harry A. Castle,
o" II. Coffman. Lieutenant L. G. Dyer. Mrs.
C." A Hilton and child. Major J. E. Maxfiril,
Lieutenant Roy T. Ballaid. Lieutenant Join
T. Puller, Captain J. K. Rash Commander
Oornwoll O «• N*. ; Mn». Cornwell, Miss Corn
well Acting Assistant Surgeon H. E. Menage.
Acting Assistant Surgeon J. O. Mirron, Major
Willis Wittik. and Captain J. R Clagrett. J.
II Hapray and D. B. IXjvore, in charge of the
Home JJaitallon of the Twenty-third Infantry.
Warren Brings Home Sick and Dis
charged Soldiers— Rosecrans Will
Be Hurried Away to China
With a Siege Battery.
Two Transports Arrive, One
Prom Manila and One
From Seattle.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
To a question of Superintendent AVeb
ster as to how the board regarded the
status of those teachers who by reason
of consolidation of classes or abolishment
of schools have been placed on the. unas
sipned list Chairman Mark replied that
preference will be given to such, teachers
for service over the regular substitute
list. Mark also stated that all teachers of
the Le Conte an'l Longfellow schools
will be regularly assigned next Monday.
The rules of the department for the
next fiscal year wen? adopted and the
City Attorney was requested for an opin
ion as to whether they should be en
grossed in the naitiute hooks.
The contractor for the heating apparat
us in the Mission High School addressed
the board and asked that the balance of
$3,101 remaining duo on his contract be
paid. He was informed that as soon as
the apparatus was put in working order
he woul'l receive his money.
Miss Kate F. McColgan, junior vice
principal of the Adams Cosmopolitan
Kchool, tendered her resignation and ap
plied to bo placed on the list of annui
tants. Miss Kate A. Fallon of the Colum
bia. School also resigned, her position.
Miss E. S. Mahoney of the Washington
Evening School, having married, was dis
missed from the department in accordance
with the rules.
Miss Kate McGough was transferred
from the Lincoln (Jrarnmar School to the
Columbia Grammar School.
The principals of all the primary schools
east of Central avenue and northeast of
Twenty-sixth street were authorized to
transfer the sixth, seventh and eighth
grades to the nearest grammar schools or
to any other grammar school requested
bv parents.
The Directors take the stand that the
best interests of classification will De
conserved by the transfer of grammar
prrade pupils from the primary schools to
the grammar schools.
Chairman Mark said action on the mat
ter had been taken only after consultation
with the principals of the two schools.
The teachers remaining in the ; schools
will in the future be required to teach
twenty-live "periods" each week or five
subjects per day. ¦ —•"•• _
A. Altschul, special teacher of German,
was also dismissed from the department.
It was explained that as sixteen pupils only
studied German it did not justify the em
ployment of a special teacher. Those who
desire to take the study will go to other
schools where it is taught, f
The board decided ihat all teachers on
the substitute \aiicl the unassigned lists
of night school teachers shall constitute
an eligible list, who are privileged to re
port without pay dally at 6:45 o'clock p. m.
at either the Lincoln, Washington, Ham
ilton or Horace Mann evening schools.
When any. such teachers substitute they
shall receive $2 per evening.
The outside class in the Lafayette
School was abolished and the principal
authorized to consolidate a class in the
school.
The Board of Education held a special
meeting yesterday ani as a result Eeveral
teachers will find themselves without po
sitions this morning. A resolution was
adopted providing that Miss Hattie L. Les
zynsky, Miss Laura Daniel and Miss Em
ily P. Rhine be placed on the unassigned
list of High School teachers without pay
and that Mrs. Louise Narjot Howard bo
employed but half time at $50 per month in
teaching French in the Girls' High School.
The cause assigned for the dismissal of
the teachers from actual service wes that
the number of teachers in the Girls' High
School and the Mission High School is
greater than the number of pupil3 war
rants.
New List of Substitutes Created for
Evening Schools — Grammar
Grade Pupils Are to
, Ba Transferred.
Directors Put Some on the
Unassigned List With
out Pay.
TEACHERS LOSE
THEIR PLACES
IN DEPARTMENT
DRAGGING OLD OCEAN'S DEPTHS
FOR THE PILOT BOAT BONITA
RAYMOND D. YELLAND,
THE ARTIST, IS DEAD
THE SAK FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1900.
' Peter Hannon, a horseshoer, .' and
! Michael Mannix.'a plasterer, were booked
at the City Prison yesterday by detectives
t Ryan and O'Dea on a charge of robbing
; J F. Stewart, an ex-policeman, about two
I weeks ago. James Mahoney. a black
smith, was arrested on the same charge
J several days ago and his case is pending
! beforo Judge Conlan. HE$3
Accused of Robbery.
It is one of special interest for all sorts
of readers. John A. Tayler writes an in
teresting article on how badly the repre
sentative men of San Francisco dress;
Reginald Sehuyler discusses the problem
of whether a young married couple should
keep house or live in a hotel; the theaters
are treated in the usual breezy fashion,
and the Looker On has a number of
stories on actors that will be read and re
peated. The editorials are marked by the
customary vigor and : Independence, ¦ and
the Town Crier is,' as ever, merciless when
he has rogues for victims; •¦. ..... .
To-Day's News Letter.
Cannot Cancel Assesments.
Auditor Wells received a communica
tion yesterday from State Controller Col
gan in which he quotes from an opin'on
of the Attorney General, who holds that
the Controller is powerless to cancel any
assessments or sales of property to the
State except where the property has been
assessed more than once for the same
year. \
Fatally Kicked by a Horse.
Albert Least™/- a hostler, while drunk
yesterday afternoon fell asleep in a stall
alongside a horse in the stable of the Pa
cifltf Carriage Company, at 48 Eighth
stree-t. A shvrt time afterward the men
employed about the stable heard Leastro
groaning, and rushing to the stall they
found that he had been kicked in the
stomach by, his four-legged companion.
Leastro was at once removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he died several
hours-later.- Whether .death, was due to
the horse kicking him or from the ex
cessive use of liquor will not be deter
mined until an autopsy la performed.
Street Railway Receipts.
The California-street Railroad Company
filed- a statement of Its gross receipts for
the year 'ending June CO, 1900, with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. The re
ceipts-amounted to • S1S4.513 26, of which 2
per cent will revert to the city.
Flogged With a Stick.
Peter McCarthy, a painter, living on
Birch avenue near .Van Ness, appeared
before Jmlge Cabaniss yesterday on a
charge of battery.' He Is accused by a
neighbor. A. O. Faber. of having beaten
his son, Joseph, 12 years of age, in an
unmerciful manner with a Ftick in a va
cant lot near his house. The boy was
taken to Ihe City Prison and booked for
a public institution, as he said he was
afraid to live with his father. McCarthy
eays the boy is vicious and struck his
mother. The case was continued till to
day.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
9
POSTUM CEREAL^
INTENDED FOR OTHERS.
Difficult to Believe Advice Applies
to Ub.
"While reading the morning paper at
1 rcakfast, I frequently read over the ad-
vertisements of Postum Food Coffee
; ;i<l finally began to wonder if it \vas a
fart.th.it my daily headache and dyspep-
sia were cue to coffee drinking.
"It never occurred to me that the
jtf>mir)fi fitted my case.
\ "1 had been on the diet cure for more
than ten years, having tried a strictly
iv.er.t diet, also a strictly vegetable diet,
and at other times left oft breakfast for
rt tiir.e ?nd acrain left off dinner, but all
these efforts were futile in ridding nic
of the steady half-sick condition under
which I labored.'-
"I had never once thought of over-
¦Jiauling 'dear old coffee,' but when
it lir.ally occurred to me to make the
trial and take up Postum. I immediately
discovered where the difficulty all these
years came from. I now cat anything
t'er ?jre--ik!ast. as much as I desire, doing
justice lo a good meal, and the same at
Junch and dinner, with never a headache
or Other disagreeable symptom. Mj'
only 'crankiness' now is "to know that I
•have Postum served as it should be
made, that is, properly boiled/ There is
a vast difference between y<oorly made
Postum and good.
"C. E. Hasfy of Alameda. Cal., insists
that he ow/»« his life to me because I in-
troduced h:m to Postum. I have a num-
ber of friends who have been finally
pur«'i of stomach and bowel trouble by
t!"5%.'e of Bostum Food Cofree in place
of regular coffee.
"Pirate do not u^c my name."
D. J. H.. 1223 Bremen St., Cincinnati,
Ohio . . . ., ..
•
I [Ml ¦ :
THE SINDW CALL ,
LEADS THEM ALL.
|L/ Next \/ Next \
! The Order of The Chinese
| Alaskan Moose. Emperors.
The Latest Secret Ssciety and Its Most Intensely Interesting Pictures
I Curicus Ceremonies. • Ever Published
I What Cur Troops Shooting Niagara^
Need jo the Orient. Falls Whirlpool.
By General Sternberg, Sarg;on^ Experience* cf Peter Nitsen in Hi3
General of the Un'ted States Wonderful Trip Through the
Army. Papidi
Exciting Experience of Tw> ¥omai Works as Carpenter
Girls in tte Latin Quarter. to Snppart Her Sick HnsbacA
¦-¦.'-¦¦•¦¦ ___^__ j
Fashion's Parade Book Reviews
in the Park. By B. G. Lathrop.
SEETHE GREAT COMIC SECTION SEETHE GREAT COMIC SECTIONLIVERPOOL. .
Wheat — Sept. Dec.
Openlns .6 % 6 1»;
Closing 6 IVi 6 2ft
JCBKJMBMBfj;- PARIS.
Wheat — July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 19 65 20 75
Closing 19 65 20 70
Flour-
Opening ........" 25 60 27 05
Closing ....25 65 27 15
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 27.— CATTLE— Receipt*. 2500.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 16.000 22.000
Wheat, bushels 147.000 19,000
Corn, bushels 199.000 ; 505,000
Oats, bushels 174.000 29S.00O
Pye. bushels 20.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 4. COO 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creamery, 15(J2 19c ; dairy, U@
I7c; Eggs, nrm: fresh, ll^c; cheese, weak, 9%@
10>ic
Rather more Inquiry for wool at Eastern
markets is a sign of manufacturers Rettlm?
ready for the lightweight season. *
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2.SG3.743 bushels, against 3 0"9
SSI bushels last week. 3,366,432 bushels In the
ccrrespondlng week of 1899, 2,311,822 bushels In
1S3S. 2,348.021 bushels In 1397 and 2.G4S.74S bush
els In 1896.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 1L241.816 bushels, against 13,797 29 11
bushels last season and 10.38LS10 bushels in
18S8-99.
Business failures are smaller, numbering 1S3
Kxport business would undoubtedly expand
if ship rcom were available. Among other
metals tin is locally lower on freer arrivals
after touching the highest price In twenty
years.
Unfavorable elements In trade probably find
their chief and greatest exposition in the Iron
and steel business. That industry Is. If possi
ble, more depressed than at any time for three
years past., and expectations that price declines
would be checked by the arrival of finished
matter at a cost basis have been disappointed
because this week steel bars have been sold in
some Instances at 1 cent per pound, which i«
unquestionably below the basis of cost of raw
materials and manufacture. That a large ton
nage of this material and Southern pig iron has
been worked off seems certain, but it |s still a
buyers' market with everyhtlng that this
implies.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Important changes In trade and
speculation are notably lacking this week, but
counter-currents of demand In various sections
and Industries lend a rather more than usual
ly Irregular appearance toMhe general situa
tion. Among the notable features calling for
notice are the practical assurance of an Im
mense corn crop by the recent copious rains in
the further \\ est, the continued cheerful re
ports from the sections which have gathered
and are now marketing a large winter wheat
crop, advices of continued improvement In tone
in the Xorthwest. with reports of renewals of
earlier canceled orders for fall goods fairly
satisfactory gains in gross railway earning!
less weakness in prices of the country's leadl
ing cereal products,, based apparently on re
newed buying of their export and rather more
inquiry for wool by manufacturers.
Bradstreet 's on Trade.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
There was a fair business on the rr.omln*
session of the Bond Exchange, with, a pro
nounced advance in Gas & Electric from $T>2 73
to Jo5 under free sales. There were no other
marked fluctuations.
In the afternoon/Oas & Electric declined to
J54 25 and Spring -.Valley Water to »M 12»- a .
The oil stocks were dull anil featureleaa all
day.
The Qulncy Mining Company has declared a
dividend of J4 per share, payable August 13.
Dividends payable to-day are $13,000 by the
Alaska. Mexican and S70.00O by tha Alaska
TreadWeU "
STOCK AND EON'D EXCHANGE.
. FRIDAY. July 27—2 d. xa.
EM. Ask.] Bjri Ask
U S Bonds— Erjult G L Co. 3*1 4 "
is quar coup.. llS^llS'i Mutual El Co. 91, n
4s do reg m-\116T-»! O O L & H 43*. 50
4s do ci> n*»w.llA i «,134V» Pac Gas Imp.. 50S
3s quar coup..UOHiUl ! Pac L Co 44^.
Miscellaneous— |Sai- KIG&PCo. Zi>Z —
Cal-st Cab 5s.. US'* - |S F O St E.... WVi £J
C C Water 5s.l06»» — I San Francisco. 5 rt-
Ed L & P 63.123 — IPtkn GftECo 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6?.. 115 — I Ir.saranrp —
Geary-st U 5s. — 99 j Firem's Fund.r*8 —
H C & S a^s. — — I P.ank Stocks- t k
Do 5s 101 — jAnglo-Cal Ltd 68 to I
L A Ry 5s 104^1051; ' Hank of Cal. .41*1 it" r
¦L. A Lt Co 6s. — . — I Cal S 1> & T..104 103
Do gntd 63.. — — |Ix>n P & a 134% —
L A gntd 5s. ..100 — iFiret Nationl. — 278
L A P R R as. — 101% ! Merchants' Ex U —
Market-st fis... — 12SVa|Nev Xat Bk-. — _
E>o 1st M Ss.llSU. — I Savings Banks—
X C N G K 7s. — — iGer S & I_, 1330 _
N R of Cal 63.113 — | Hum S & K _ _
Do 5s 117H — Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
N P C R R 6a.l01 — S F Sav tT...3O5 _
Do 5s 105 — jsav & L. So.. 74. 7S
X Cal Ry 6s..llt\i — Sec Sav Bk — _
Oak G L&H.-.S. 11*4 — Union T Co.. — _
Oak Tran 6». .115 — Street Railroads-
Oak W Co Ss x . — 104 California ....123 —
Oceanic S Co. 105 105%; Geary-st £0
Om C Ry S9..ll5Vs — litarket-st .".* : " u
P & Cl Ky 6s.1o:im. — |o s L ft H " — —
P&ORR«s.ll3 — i Presidio — »•»¦ .
Powe|i-»t R i*.i20 — Powder Stocks— "t
Sac El G&RGs. »7%100 California ivT lfi- .
S F & SJVi«.ll;. 13<> Giant Con Co'.". 8S V.
S U of Cal 6s. Ill lllVi Vigorlt 3U ¦
S P of A Ss...ni»illlV4 Suzar Stocks- "
S P C 6? (1305). 10!) 112 (liana S P Co tM, P
Do ll*»> ....112 112%; Haw C .%*R Co BW^ "
Do < 1912) ....119 - HonokaTs cS«2a«4
SPRClst gnt5s. - _ Hntcn S P Co 25 --
g 5F M--.-W5 - ¦ Kllauea S PCo »H --
S V Water Cs.ilS - Makawel! S Co %% ifftj
Do 4s 103til04\i'Onomea S Cr>. 2v?, :
Do 2d mtif..li)i — JPaauhau S Co. M*. "1
Stocktn Gas fi 9 50H — ; MWorMlaneous—
Water Storks- | Al Pack Assn. _H-
Contra Costa . . 6SU 6SU j Cal Fruit Assn - ' 93
Marin Count v. &» — , Mer Ex Assn. 97 ! •>.
Spring \ alley. 94 94'i! Oceanic S Co. 9T«i '.'3
Gas & Electrtc— ipac A F A.... 2 —
CentG&LCo- - Ipac C Bor Co.150 -
Cent L & P Co 4'4 5u!par Paint Co.. 10 1
. _; Mornln- Session, t A
- ¦ • Board— :
6 Firemen's Fund Ins 227 CO
25 Giant Powder Con ~
THE STOCK MARKET.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65®2 75; Small White, $3 33
©3 40; largo White, ?2 60®2 73; Pink. S2@2 85;
- There Is no further change . In . Beans, but
Dried Peas show some variation.
Beans* and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. J4 50^6 50; Wheat, J10S1*-
Wheat and Oat, f9 50S11 50; Oat, $S«210- Clover"
J4@6; Alfalfa. $6@7 50; Barley. $s 50@S 50 per
STRAW— 25@40c per bale.
Receipts of Hay are running very large again
and the market Is weak at the decline.
BRAN— J12 50@13 50 per ton. • •
MIDDLINGS— $17^20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. Jis per , on .
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing $27 50
(g2S: Cocoanut Cake. $2O@21: Corn Meal 'j*t -XV
Cracked Corn. J25; Mixed Feed. J14. " *
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 60@3 73
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. *2 73@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and J3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern. $4 753
5 75 per barrel. . **
MILLSTUFFS- Prices In sacks are as follows
usual discount to the trade: Graham FioT£'
|3 per 10O lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Ry e Heal snl'.
Rice Flour. V. Corn Meal. J2 75; extra 'cream
«o. S3 50: Oat Groats. »4 50: Hominy. J3 S(X»vV-.
Buckwheat Flour. J4ffl4 25: Cracked Whel?'
S3 SO; Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour j-?-:
Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@7 25; In sacks h~i :
67: Pearl Barley, $i; Split Peas. $3- Green
Peas. J5 CO per 100 lbs. ' **' Urcen
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. IllO^JlSo; Surprise, $1 33if?l 40- Red
$110®122H: Gray. Jl 10(^1 20; Black. $1 07'i@
1 22H per ctl; oft grades of all kinds, Jim 07>i
CORN— Prices are higher. Offerings are now
solely of California, ns the Eastern Is all
cleaned up. This market is now lower than
the East, so no more shipments are being made
this way. Large Tellow, Jl 20@l 25 per ctl-
White, Jl 20®"! 25 per ctl; small round yellow,
}1 60. r 'T."
RYE-90@93%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
OATS — The market continues firm and several
descriptions show a further advance. The de
mand' Is good.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December— 6000
ctls. J113H.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session — December — CCCO ctls
$1 13%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls. $1 13%.
BARLEY— Under a better demand offerings
have been materially reduced and the market
la firm. Futures, too, are firmer, and more
active.
Feed. 72%fE73%c for Xo. 1 and 63(S70c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL- BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — December — 1000 ctls, 76c.
Second Session — Xo sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
76^c; 6000, 77c; 2000, 77V6c; 6000, 77&c: 4000.
77«ic. v.' J ,
Afternoon Session — Xo sales.
Liverpool and Paris stood about the same.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 06U; millings, Jl 07>4
@i 10.
WHEAT— The local market showed no change
worthy of note, and continued dull.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ad
vlcos, but the crowd was bearish and foreigners
were selling. Receipts were diminishing. There
was a good shipping demand, however, and I».
000 bushels were taken for export. The sea
board generally reported a better tone abroad,
and a better demand, which made operators
bullish. The Argentine reported a favorable
outlook, the weather being warm and rainy.
Wheat looks well there, but corn only middling.
Sterling Exchange, sight ¦... — {4 SS%
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 So
Sterling Cables — 4 89\i
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — IS
Fine Silver, per ounce — €0%
Mexican Dollars, nominal..'. — 4S^a
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
j Dullness has been the rule this week. Specu
lative activity has shrunk to the narrowest
proportions and a heavy tone is shown, due to
the increased attention the public markets here
are giving to the Chinese situation. The un
settled recurlty markets and the hardening In
money abroad have resulted in moderate but
fairly steady selling of American stocks by
; foreigners. At the same time the advance in
1 open market discount rates at London to above
4 per cent and the hardening of exchange here
created a feeling that heavy gold shipments
from New York to London may be anticipated.
The movement of the markets abroad this week
was favorable 10 London and adverse to Paris,
the rise of sterling rates at the latter city In
particular making the triafleular markets
through which gold has been shipped from New
York to Paris no longer profitable. No gold
was therefore sent out on the French steamer
sailing on Thursday, but as demand sterling
had been advancing to nearly $4 88, it was ap
preciated that only the direction of the goW
outflow had been changed and that London
would from now on be the probable destination
of these shipments. The foreign Influences were
thus generally unfavorable to the market here.
.At the same time the local factors, while not
oearish, did not encourage bullish demonstra
tions. Time money gives Indications of hard
ening under the prospect of gold shipments, and
a conservative feeling over Chinese complica
tions has an effect on the action of lar"e In
terests. The Investment demand for dividend
paying docks noted early in the present month,
has subsided, and the public is not inclined to
take part In speculation at present. Floating
supplier of rno?t stocks are. however, small,
and there Is still no disposition on the part of
the actual holders of securities to sell them.
The situation as regards the corn crop Is con
sidered satisfactory, but while railroad earn
ings continue In the n-.aln to increase, the fact
that weekly returns of such an Important road
as the St. Paul have exhibited decreases since
the beginning of the month exercises mere In
fluence than It is entitled to do in view of the
fact that the reduced spring wheat yield neces
tarily affects the business of all Xorthwestern
roads and those of the St. Paul system in par
ticular. " .'- V».
NETW YORK. July 27.— Eradstreefs review of
the stock market to-morrow will say:
Nrjv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 27. — The room traders suc
ceeded in putting prices up for a time to
day, but they drifted downward again toward
th* close of the day and left only small net
pRir.s except in Brooklyn Transit. This Etotk
was tfe^idedly the leader of the speculation
ar.d was largely dealt in on the strength of
Insinuating rumors that the pearly statement.
which is yet to use print, will show larger
earnings than has been expected. The stock
rr.a<ie an extreme rise of over three points
under this stimulating Influence and helped
the whole market. It relapsed a point In the
1st- reaction when the traders were takirR
their profits on the day'e rise. Sugar, which
came next in point of activity, did not far«» J
f well. It got up at one time 1% on »hc
expectation that the flrmnen of the raw
eugar market foreshadowed another advance
In refined f=ugar. but the late reaction entirely
»l»x>d out the rise. The railroad list continued
extremely dull and narrow. The sharp galrs !
Bhown by a handful of nocks had little in- j
f.urrice on the rest of the list, which hung |
sluggishly back. Gains of over a point were I
«Mu.blished In half a dozen stocks at the mM
ony high level. But none of these were fully
maintained an<l nothing more than fractions
fmain>-<! at the close of thr> day. The strength
cf Baltimure and Ohio was apparently due to
covering by nhorts. Burlington waa markM
up <>n assertions that the statement of Jur.e I
earning! would fhow better n»"t results than |
r.at been foretold. Ft. Paul. Louisville. Union
I'acific and Missouri Pacific were the only other |
railroad ttockf showing any notable strength. |
Tne steel eu« ks moved uncertainly and ir- I
regularly, pending announcements of the agree
ment arrived at by the Chicago conference,
xne local traction stocks were strong In sym
pathy with Brooklyn Transit and Consolidated
Gas more than recovered yesterday* decline.
to far as grr.^ral conditions were an influence I
the market was helped by the less tics ponder.t
vkw» rfrganilng the fate of the envoys in !
JVking held by foreign siwculators. This w.-s !
largely a sentimental influence as d»a!1nKS
h^re for foreign account were InFignlficant
No gold wji* engaged for export to-morrow
and In fart demand sterling fell off a fraction !
Hut it recovered a fraction 4n Paris and the I
rate fcr .all loans declined in London. Lor -
don discounts were firm and the belief rema'.is
general that further gold will go out next
The bond market continued dull, but the
tone wa« rather firmer. Total sales, par rmlue, j
United Slates 3s registered) declined U and
nrw 4s (coupon) hi per cer.t in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST '
e «£r S toc k - ' a gt s \:
2.190 Atchlson «V
3.2M Atchisan prefd ?
6.47U Baltimore A- Ohio.... ' JJu
Canadian I'acjfic ." v-i* I
Canada Southern * * i
225 <:he?ajieake & Ohio '.*." •>'-:. j
31.10 Chicago Great Western .*, ji I
10.240 Chicago. Burlington te yuincy j 11 ?;;
Chicago. In«i tt Louisville '¦'
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd"" 04
Chicagij & Kaftern Illinois".. 95
Chicago & Northwestern liji;
LC20 Chicaco. Rock Iflar.d & Pariflc "liifi*
C C C & St Louis tj 1 * j
Colorado Southern I'.'.'.'.."" ~6
• Colorado Southern 1st prefd ." 41%
If* Colorado Southern 2d prefd.... "" ]$ !
175 Delaware & Hudson ""! 110
I>e!a»are. I^acka wanna & Western' l"7
Uer.ver & Klo Grande " J-i/
125 Denver &. llio Gramle prefd " "' «;«
Erie ; ,o;
200 Erie Ut prefd .V."". J 2 ?J
If>0 Great Northern prefd "1-11 1
100 Hocking Coal lit? ,
Hooking Valley if^ ,
M2 IIlinoiF Central - 119 v
' 100 Iowa Contral "][\ 20 '
Iowa Central prrfd .'" 47 I
¦ Kansas City. Pittsburg & «ulf '". 16 i
Lake Krie & Western "" •>§ ,
Lake Krie & Western prefd .". vo j
.......' L&k» Fhore .". 2in
210 LouiMllle & Nashville \\ 7 1V .
t.lCO Manhattan Klevated «jil
1.7T3 Metropolitan Street Railway . "lS7
100 Mexican Central j-j.V
3f>0 Minnearolis & St Louis 56U
110 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 5.3
2.SH0 Missouri Pacific MU 1
Mobile & Ohio 2SvJ 1
MiM-ouri. Kansas & Texas 10' 1
200 Missouri. Kan* & Texas prefd 30% <
250 New Jersey Central 129' 1
110 Norfolk & Western. 33 ,
Xorfolk tc Weetern prefd 76 1
2.&60 Northern Paclfle M?i J
600 Northern Pacific prefd... 71U
€00 Ontario & Western 2014
Oregon Hallway & NavlgaUon «
1
Cash quotations were an follows: Flour, easy:
No. 3 spring wheat, 72Vic; Xo. 2 red, 77^13!
77%c; No. 2 corn. 39»fcc: No. 2 yellow, 3?Hc; No.
2 oat«, 23^«24%c; No. 2 white. 24H@24%c: No.
3 white. 24ff2;V4c; No. 2 rye. 52Uc: fair to
choice- malting barley. 44@46c: No. 1 flaxseed.
|1 50; Xo. 1 Northwestern. Jl 00; prime timothy
eecd, $3 \1WQZ 20: mess pork, per bbl. Jll 30<g)
11 80; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 67»i®6 SO: short ribs
sides (loose). $8 93@7 25: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6*i<fj7c; short clear sides (boxed). $7 45
07 55; whisky, basis of high wines. $123^,4;
sugars, cut loaf, 6.S8c; granulated, 6.32c; con
fectioners' "A," 6.28c; off "A," 6.13c; clover,
contract grade, $S.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 75 73'4 74% 7?%
August 75 75V» 74% 75H
September ~6K 76«4 75% 76%
Corn No. 2 —
July 3SV4 39'i 3S»i 3STi
August 3S 33H 3S . 39H
September 3S .38% 37% . 3SH
Oats No. 2—
July 22Mi 22>4 22 22'i
August 22»i 229, 22»i 22%
September 22% '22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 1165 1190 11 65 1190
September 1175 1193 11 27tt 1195
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 75 6 77H 6 75 6 774
September 6 75 6 S2V4 6 75 6 825,4
October 6 S5 6 97% 6 S5 6 97',£
Short Ribs, per IPO lbs —
July 6 So 7 00 6 85 7 00
September ...6 87^4 7 02tf 6 S7% 7 C2H
October 6 S5 6 97Vi 6 85 6 92Vi
Smaller Hog receipts and the grain strength
caused some liberal covering by shorts In the
provision pit and this, combined with a good
cash demand and higher prices at the yards,
caused a strong advancing market in Hog
products. September Pork closed 35c over yes
terday, Lard 12Hc higher and Ribs 10@12M>c
better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Trading In oats was somewhat limited, but
the tone after some easiness during the first
part of the session was firm. September closed
iifi'ic Improved at 22?4522%c.
Corn was again quoted higher at Liverpool.
The shipping demand was excellent. Septem
ber closed "4@lc over yesterday at 3S%c.
CHICAFO, July 27.— Two helping hands, one
a good export demand for American Wheat,
the other a rise at Liverpool, were held. out
to Wheat when trade began to-day, and Sep
tember, grasping the opportunity, changed
hands higher than the close yesterday
at 7CV4 to 75?»c. An additional element of
strength was that the Argentine shipments,
1,400,000 bushels, according to Bard's figures,
were comparatively moderate, and ' another
was that the Liverpool advance was partially
due to a shrinkage of 9,600,000 bushels In the
estimate of the English crop. Following the
opening there was enough selling, mostly by
scalpers, for profits to send September back
to 75%c, but at no time did the bulls show
any fear of the market taking the downward
course for any length of time. During the
day there were numerous reports of unfavora
ble crop conditions In the Northwest and ex
ceedingly poor thrashing returns. One Dakota
man expressed a wish to go on record that
the Crop in his territory would not be 10 per
cent of last years. To this bullish array Texas
added her mite by complaining of heavy dam
ages from rain. There was a good cash de
mand all day and the situation was further
helped by reports of good export sales in other
citie?. September gradually rose on a mod
erately active demand to 76%c and closed
strong, %f<*ic over yesterday, at 76%c
EASTERN MARKETS.
DOMINION OF CANADA-
Butter Is dearer again. Kggs and Cheese
stand about the same, but Eggs are advancing
at wholesale.
Poultry is in large supply. Meats and Fish
are about as before.
There Is nothing new fn fruits, except that
Grapes and Melons aro In better supply and
cheaper. Aprlcnt3 will soon disappear. Figa
are scarce and dear.
Vegetables are ia their usual good supply a:.^:
cheap.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel »— «1S P« I Southfleld
Wellington . @11 00 Wellington ©U 00
Seattle 9 00(8 iCoos Bay.... 0 7 iu
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr..43?i3o'
Do. per roll 33<3-40
Cheese. Cal l<K*lil
Cheese, Eastern.. .17Jf2Oi
Cheese. Swiss tmn»\
Common Egg3 — 1S<3?3|
Meats, ser lb—
Bacon 15S17!
Beef, choice 15#20:
Do. good 1*812!
Corned Beef — ®10
Ham. Eastern. . 15.gl7v, ,
Lard — @15 i
Mutton 10#12
Spring Lamb 12015
Pork, fresh 15©:o;
Poultry and Game — >
Hens, each £»g'75
Youne Roosters.
each 60375
Old Roosters, ea. — nxiOj
Fryers, each 4*Vf<4S(
Broilers, each 2SS40/
Turkeys, per lb...lstfC'.'J
•Fruits and Nuts^ —
Apricots *9 5|<
Almonds, per lb..l." i — M
Apples 4-3 3 :
Bananas, dozen. ..W32C>r
Blackberries. dwr.2Cr&30!
Crabapples. per lr» 415 5|:
Cantaloupes, each 5'SIj ',
Currants, drawer. 30s*oi>
Figs, per lb S310J;
Logan Herrlea, per '¦
drawer 4<Vg5O :
Nutmeg Melons.
each 5@10
Vegetables-
Artichokes, doa...3C360f :
Asparagus, per lb 4»iln'i
Beets, doz 121J1S •
Beans, white, lb.. aft— j
Colored, per lb.. 49 5jl
Lima, per lb — 0 S!l
Cabbage, each S^\n,i
Cauliflowers, each o«*10|l
Celery, bunch 6@— U
Cress, doz bnchs..2C^23|S
Cucumbers, per [I
dozen l!Va — 1|
Egg Plant, lb 84?1O|
Green Corn, doz..liKJ30 "
Green Peaa, lb.... 5tJ 6 1
Lentils, per ID ty; Sil
Fl«h—
Barracuda. ....... .12a— J
Carp sqio I
Codfish 12#— )i
Flounders iUWS
Halibut 12fil3j£
Klngflsh — <2#»2 "
Mackerel 1j@— <
Do. Horse — ft—\
Perch 10Q12 C
Pomptno — $j —
RockHsb — 1812I:
Salmon, fresh 12813JC
Do. smoked — <320l
Shrimp* 8310!
Ranch Eggs, per
dozea 2Z^Zj
Honey Comb, per 'S s .
I pound 12^13 V
j Do. extracted.. .W©U /
iPoTk. salt- 12O13
Pork Chop* 15315
Round Steak 10813
Sirloin Steak log-
Porterhouse do.-.20®25
Smoked Beef — >':~,
Pork Sausages.. 124 '•• -' '
Veal .—¦ £::
Ducks, eacil 50$6O
Geese. each...|l 25 ti 50
Pigeons, pair 4:?".J
Rabbits, pair 4C'#Si>
Hare, each — **?'>
Doves, per dz.75c£$l 00
Grapes, per lb 8^13
Oranges, dozen l'Ka::.*
Lemons, dozen 15323
Nectarines, per lb 6'fi S
Plums, per lb ity 3
Raisins, per lb... 8"81S
Raspberries, dwr.. 30^40
Peaches, per lb... 4@ 4
Strawberries, per
drawer 20333
Walnuts, per '.b. — n -\
Watermelons. M..1J333
Lettuce, p€r dox..l3'i*—
Onions, per lb 3@ 5
Okra, green, per
lb logis
Peppers, green, lb 5^10
Potatoes, per lb.. S# 5
Sweet Potatoes 5g *
Parsnips, per doz. loo —
Radishes, dz bch3!(k312
Satre. doz bnchs..25'935
String Beans, lb.. 40 6
summer Squash
per lb 40 s
Thyme, per lb y^itZtt
rurnins. per day..io-;<r>
romatoes. per lb. 4® 5
''had 12#-.
Bass — £ v. 1
Smelts 12t ¦:-¦"
Holes Vlft —
Skates, each >,; ¦_
romcod —-aw
Dams, gallon sr,. -
Do hardshell. 10O.4C35 1 )
?rabs. each 1C£1.»
Do softshell. dz.2.".c, . .
Mussels, quart 1". : ._-
Jysters. Cal. 1C0..40®50
Do Eastera. doz^/(4C
DRIED FRUITS.
There were no material 'changes in the price
of evaporated apples to-day, but a weak un
dertone prevailed owing to the continued larg-o
offering of choice and fancy grades. Cali
fornia dried fruits ruled dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-€ommon.
3H«5c; prime, SX'gj'Ac; choice, b*i@6 l Ac; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%®7c per
pound, aa to size and quality.
APRICOTS- Royal. ll#14c; Moorpaxk, 15@17c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6@3c.
WHEAT— Receipts. 67.700 bushels: exports.
S0.2S1 bushels: sales, 32.J00 bushels future*:
spot, firm; No. 2 red, 83^ic f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red, SO*jc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
Si%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 87Hc f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options
opened firmer on higher cables and foreign
buyinp. A partial reaction followed and the
market again turned strong, impelled by cov
ering on bullish crop returns from California
and the Northwest, talk of better export de
mand and a sraj-city of speculative offerings.
Closed firm at a ic net advance. July closed at
82?ic; September, SO H-lC!gSl%c, closed at Sl%c:
October clcsed at Sl%c, December closed at
&2»fec
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
9V4c; mild, quiet; Cordova, futures
closed steady, with prices 15 to '.0 points net
higher: total sales. 12.CO0 bags, including De
cember, iS 25@S 35; March, J8 40<g8 50, and May,
JS60.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4 13-32.?;
centrifugal,. 96 test, 4 29-32c; molasses. 4 5-32c;
refined, firm.
NEW YORK. July 27.— FLOUR— Receipts, 18,
2S7 barrels; exports, 9205 barrels; sales. 7500
packages: market had a Blow trade but dis
played a little more strength near the close
In sympathy with wheat.
Family Retail Market.
Sa.n Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday; !
t : . k west wind !n th- afternoon, with Tog.
ALEXANDER G. JlcADIE.
Forecast Official.
Ar-.zor.a— Fair Saturday
Northern California— Fair Saturday; con- ¦
tlr.ucl warm weather in the interior, with
northerly wlndr; fresh westerly winds en the |
c~,est. with fcs.
Pout hern California— Fair Saturday: light i
northwest wir.d.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; continued warm.
Uiah— Fair; warmer Saturday.
No ra:n has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at San Francisco fcr 35 hours
erding midnifrht July 2S, 1&00:
Th* te'.rij^ra'.ure has risen over Central and
Korthera California. In the ereat valleys of
Callrornia the temr>eratures are above the nor- j
ir.al. Majclrr.um temperatures exceeding 100 Je- j
prpes are reported at many points. With the j
poulbte exception of gome stations on the main i
coast San Francisco is the coolest place. A |
ter.peruturi? of IS degrees Is reported, while at j
t!;e same hour the temperature was S4 degrees i
ct Mount Tamali>ais.
The pressure has fallen s!ow!y over the coast
of California and Oregon. It has risen rapidly
cv^r the Rocky Mountain region. An area of
low pressure cf the summer type overlies the
vality cf the Colorado.
FORECAST.
orcth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
TI- following rr.axirr.um t fir.;* 1 rat u res were
T"V>.tei from stations In California to-day:
f-reka 60 Los Angeles S2
Jirvunt Tarnalpals £7 Sacramento S»
Independence 5*4 Pan Luis Obispo 76
lied Eluff 104 San Dieco 70
Fnmo 102.
Pan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CC; minimum, M; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
The following regular ticket has been nom
inated fcr the annual election of the San Fran
c!fco Produce Exchange Call Bnanl Association
on Monday. July ?•&: For directors. G. W. Me-
Near. rr*^ if 3 ent ; H. Sherwood, vice president:
H. F. Allen, treasurer; Max I. Koshland, E.
Gauthior Jr.. E. E. Kahn and E. A. Bresse:
for committee on appeals, Maurice Casey. J. J.
Moore. Henry Sinpheimer. H. A. Mayhew and
J. M P»*tU£Tew ; for arbitration committee. R.
D. Glrvln, A. B. Fi^d and A. S. Moseley.
Produce Exchange Ticket.
The Emma Claudina loads lumber at Eureka
for Kasntal; the Vega, lumber at Port Biake
ley for Honolulu.
Charters.
CLOSING.
Unlen Padne preferred. 77; Northern Pacific
within a narrow rangre. The Bank of England
tK>URht £20.000 In ffoM bare. Sliver closed at
Kd on Eastern demand.
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 27,-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was not Increased In the markets
here to-day and the tendency was heavy, ex
cept In home ralln, which were still rallying
eharply on b*>ar covering.. Americans, moved
NEW YORK. July 27.— Money on call, steady,
at IViQl'/i per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
434^4 per cent. Sterllnjt exchange, quiet,
with actual business In bankers' bills
at H K7% for demand and J4 87%
for sixty days. Posted rate*. $4 84%@
4 S«H. Commercial bills. $4 S3®4 S3H- Har sil
ver. 60»ic. Silver certificates. 61V4@62Hc. Mex
ican dollars, 48c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, steady, s
Nezv York Money Market,
WASHINGTON. July 27.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J150.000.000 sold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J131.2S0,74S; gold. f72.406.0Sl.
Condition of the Treasury.
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
2.2C3 Pennsylvania 127"4
Reading 16?4
7.T.10 Reading lft prefd B9Vi
5rtO Reading 2d prefd 2S\
Rio GranJe Western 59V»
Rio Grande Western prefd 60
?t Louis £ San Francisco 9*4
St Louis «fc San Fran 1st prefd 67
300 St Louis & San Fran 2<1 prefd 3"i4
Et Louis, Southwestern 10
€00 Kt Louis, Southwestern prefd 2£>4
! 2.400 Pt Paul 11H«
: St Paul prefd 1704
i ft Paul & Omaha 110
! S.1^0 Southern Pacific 33^
fcjO Pouth«"-n Railway 10v»
'¦ 1.400 Southern Railway prefd 52 •
1 Texas & Pacific- }*\
£.250 Union Pacific i'M
1.150 Union Pacific prefd 75>i
Wabash 6^»
300 Wabash prefd li\
Wheeling & L E S'i
1.000 Wh«vl!ng & L E M prefd Zi'i
Wisconsin Central 13
Express Companies —
Adams 1-3
American 153
United States 45
WellF Fargo 122
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton Oil prefd S9
American Malting 3»4
American Malting prefd 19'—
200 American Smelting & Ref 37 l u
1C0 American Smelting & Ref pred S7>*
American Spirits H<,
American Spirits prefd 17
750 American Steel Hoop 19*i
700 American Steel Hor.p prefd C7H
2.ST*) American Steel & Wire 34 1 ,
VA> American Steel & Wire prefd 73
1 American Tin Plate 2\\ 2
465 American Tin Plate prefd 78
5,100 American Tobacco S6}i
American Tobacco prefd 12S
710 Anaoonda Mining Co 42"^
| 49.1S5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 69^»
1«> Colorado Fuel & Iron 34U
1.2S0 Continental Tobacco 26
350 Continental Tobacco prefd 79 l i
l.COQ Federal Steel 34 j
240 Federal Steel prefd 05*4
200 General Electric 12SVj
Glucose Sugar 52 :
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
100 International Paper 23
ICO International Paper prefd 65Vi
100 Lac'.e.le Gas 74
\ National Biscuit 30 l .i
] National Biscuit prefd So"
National Lead 19
National Lead prefd 9(?4
200 National Steel 24'
210 National Steel prefd 83'^
New York Air Brake 130 "
North American 15
Pacific Coast 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd Si
350 Pacific Coast 2d prefd C3<-.
3O> Pacific Mail Z0-1
140 People's Gas b'J*^
200 Pressed Steel Car 41'^
250 Pressed Steel Car prefd 72 I
Pullman" Palace Car 1S3 !
Standard Rope & Twine 5 ! »
23.700 Sugar 126-% j
120 Sugar prefd 117 1
2.3C0 Tennessee Coal & Iron 71 i
2.5S5 United States Leather 104 j
United States Leather prefd es 1^ I
€50 United .States Rubber 241*, |
Unite.! States Rubber prefd m? i
Western Union 7^ !
¦ Republic Iron & Steel 12
180 Republic Iron & Steel prefd E314
P C C & St Louis 53
Third Avenue no
CLOSING BONDS.
C R 2s ref when , M K & T 2ds 63
Issued reg 104'^ Do 4s $1
Do coup 1O4'<. N Y Cent lsts 108
U S 2s reg 100 IN J Cent cen 5s. ..122 I
U P 3s rer 10P4 I Northern Pac 3s... 66Vi I
V S 3s coup 110V Do 4s 10414 I
U S new 4s reg....l32s, N Y C & St L 4s. .107 j
I S new 4s coup..l33\ N ft W con 4s.... 97^ j
i I" S old 4s reg 113*14 Or Nav Ists.^ 109 1
V S old 4s coup. ..11',%4J Do 4s 102$i 1
I* S r,s reg .....m*? Or Short Line 6s.. 123^ 1
U S 5s coup Ui\ Do con 5s Ill
Dis= of Col 3.65s.... 123 Reading Gen 4s.... S774 i
Atchison pen 4s 10m R G IV lsts 97' I
Do adj 4s S3?, Pt L & I M con 3s. 110
Canada Sou ids 107' 2 F L & S F Gen Cs.122 '
CTk? & OhkMVss... S5* 4 Si I'aul con 1C6U
Do Bs H6i 4 St P C & P lsts.-.m'-i
C & N Con 7s 141fc Do 5s lif,\
Do K K Deb 5s..l20i» Southern Pac 4s... 7914 '
Oile Term 4s 92'j Southern Ry 5s V&% \
Colorado Sou 4s... So Stand R & T 6s.... 72Va '
I) & R G lsts I0J Tex & Pac lsts.... 112 ;
Do 4f= 97»i Do 2<la &S
Krie Oen 4s CO fnion Pac 4s 105'i i
P W & D C lsts... 71 Wabash lsts lie', j
General Elec ES....117 Do Ids 104 j
Iowa Cent lsts. ...113 f.Vst Shore 4s 112 '
K C P & G Jsts... 71U ,'VIs Cent lsts #7% ',
L & N L"nl 4s 9S'i Va Centuries f!9«4
MINING STOCKS.
Cuollar 14 Ontario 6 CO i
Crown Point 10 Ophir CO;
Can Cal & Va 1 05 Plymouth 10 j
Kead-ivool 41 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry IS Qulckpilver prefd.. 6 r.0
Hale & Norcross... 19 Sierra Nevada 22
Homestake &0 00 Standard 4 10!
Iron Silver 12 Union Con 16 I
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket 17 I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— jOId Colony 20:. i
<"all locn 2't^3 Rubber 2S« i
Time leans 3>,©4'£! Union Pacific 57'4
Stocks — ;v.'c?t Bnd 93:*
Atchlson 2<^i!\V>stlnBthouse El. 431*
Do prefd CS 1 ,! Mining Shares-
American Sugar. ..12G*i! Adventure 2
Do prefd...: 117 iAllourz Mining Co. 1
Am«»r Telephone 144 Amal Copper R6(4
Boston ft Albany. 230 lAtlant!c 24
Boston Elevated. ..142 j Boston & Mont 29S
Boston & Maine... 1S9 jHutte & Boston.... 62
<• B & Q 126*i'Calumet & Hecla.,745
Dominion Coal 3SVi 'Centennial 16V4
Do preM IKi iFranklin 13 i
Federal steel 33% Humboldt 25 |
Do prefd C.*.^. Osceola Wh
Fitchburjr prpfil 137 ; Parrot ' 40Vj
Coneral Klectrlc. 129 Qulncy 129»i
Do prefii 13*% 'Santa Fe Cop 4^
Mexican Central... 12 Utah Mining 2S
Michigan Tele 85 Wlnona 2<j
N K Gas & Coke. 16 Wolverines 2SV»
Bradstrcct's Financial Revirtu!
,-Per Ct.-^
CITIES. Clearines. Dec.
New York $ 769,806,194 13.7
Boston 9S.536.629 30.2
'Chicago 119.S4S.44S 10.1 ....
I Philadelphia 83.65S.CyS .... 5.0
I St. Louis 28.540,937 2.9
! Pittsburg 32,799.408 20.0
! Baltimore 17,678.623 9.8
tja_T Francisco .' 17,116,810 9.8
Cincinnati 14,299.500 5.9 ....
Kansas City 13.3S5.CS2 26.1 ....
New Orleans 7.6J5.951 21.2 ....
Minneapolis 9,ES6.72'J 19.2 ....
Detroit 8.2D6.5C7 .9 ....
Cleveland 10.917.427 15.7 ....
Louisville 7.009.333 1.9 ....
Providence &.419.3W 8.9
Milwaukee 5.154.SO3 24.2 ....
St. Paul 6,035.584 15.4 ....
Buffalo 4.523.615
Omaha 6.319.452 .... 3.4
Indianapolis 0,064.207 7.4 ....
Columbus, 0 4,822,600 2.4
Savannah 3.542.750- 56.8 ....
Denver 3.433.663 3.2 ....
Hartford 2,264.869 1.8
Richmond 2.451.313 .... 11.4
Memphis 1.479.2S4 10.8 ....
Washington 1,944,831 .... 7.1
Peorla 1,781.297 2.1
Rochester 1.C04.642 8.9
New Haven 1.130.7S7 6.7
Worcester 1,156,827 .... 16.5
Atlanta 1.164.233 10.7
Salt Lake City 1.584,175 10.2
Springfield. Mass 1.0:55,240
Fort Worth 1,631,414 .... 1.4
Portland, Me 917,02"> .... 31.1
Portland. Or 1.SSS.163 12.9
St. Joseph 3.C49.7O4
Los Angeles 2.&60.PW 27.8 ....
Norfolk 1,202.712 2.2 ....
Syracuse 923.650 S.O
Des Moines L 203. 758 13.5
Nashville 1.116.S17 .... 8.0
Wilmington. Del 973.732 12.8 ....
Fall River 537.S4S .... 37.4
S^ranton 1.0u6,344 6.2
Grand Rapids l,09fi.9S0 .... 2.3
Augusta, Ga G29.748 .... 6.5
Lowell 4S4.634 12.5
Dayton. 0 1.0T>0.714 .... 1.6
Seattle 4.541.SS6 140.1
Tacoma 957. 1S2
Spokane 957.472 .... 15.9
Sioux City 816.101 5.9
New Bedford 342.338 .... 54.8
Knoxvllle. Ttnn 542.073 3.0 ....
Topeka 944, 27S 59.4 ....
Birmingham 793,571 23.2 ....
Wichita 542.490 1.3 ....
Binphamton 375.300 5.3
Lexington. Ky 430,366 44.2 ....
Jacksonville. Fla 215,76« 1.4 ....
Kalamazoo 357,122 5.4 ....
Akron" 471.700 24.6
Chattanooga 391.620 44.8 ....
Rockford, HI 277.3SO .... ....
Canton. 0 304,000 46.1
Springn»Id. 0 273.190 .... 1.7
Fargo. N. D 211.622
Sioux Falls, S. D 135,293 .... 8.7
Hastings, Nebr 177,936
Fremont, Nebr 90.741 .... 28.0
Davenport 813.121 23.8 ...
Toledo 2.231. S71 4.7
Galveston 4,322.000 7.9 ....
Houston 4,058,579 .... 16.7
Youngstown C2X569 49.5 ....
Springfield. Ill 3C0.664 .... 2.7
Little Rock 343.S59 35.5 ....
Evansvllle 635,078 .... 10.7
Helena 71S.00S .... 23.1
Macon 639,000 !6.4 ....
Totals. 17. S r.337.153.240 9.7
Totals outside N. Y.| 567,267,046 .... 3.4
NEW YORK. July 27.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear-
Ings at principal cities for the week ended July
26, with the percentage of Increase and de
crease as compared with the corresponding week
last year:
Silver higher. Exchange as before.
Wheat about the same. . Barley firm and more active.
Eastern Corn cleaned out of market.
Some kinds of Oats higher again. Rye dull.
Hay zi'cak under continued lieavy receipts.
Beans unchanged. Some variations in Dried Peas.
Potatoes continue cheap and plentiful. Onions steady.
Vegetables in liberal supply and generally weak.
Poultry market still well supplied and dull.
Butter advances again. Cheese zveak and accumulating.
Eggs firm, with the medium grades higher.
All good Peaches bought up along the river. *
Dried Fruits steady to fi.nn.
Provisions unchanged and dull.
Beef and Veal slightly lower. Other Meats unchanged.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western. 6s
2d: No. 1 Northern spring 6s 3d; No. 1 Califor
nia. 6s iy>d(g«s 2d. Futures, steady; July,
nominal; September, 6s U«d; December, 6s 2>,id.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new. 3s
lid; do old, 3s ll^d. Futures, firm; Septem
ber, 3s ll?id; November, 4s Ud.
LIVERPOOL. July 27.— WHEAT-Firm; No.
1 standard California, 6s 2digGs 2^d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady: French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 5%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON". July 27.— Consuls, 97%; Silver,
27 15-16d ; French Rentes, 99f 95c. Carsoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California. 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla. 29s
2d; English country markets, quiet. j
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. July 27.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; Bluestem, 59c; -Club. 57c, both for ex
port. .
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, July 27.— A email Bale of Walla
Walla wheat wa« reported to-day at E5c and a
round lot waa offerinc at 57c Most of the ex
porters decline to bid above 55c. however, and
the market is stationary at that figure.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, July 27.— Clearings. $241,518; bal
ancee, $34,307.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. July 27.— To-day's cotton mar
ket was the smallest of recent times and neither
longs nor shorts -could have claimed decided
advantage at any time during the entire ses
sion. The market closed quiet and steady, with
prices net 1 to 4 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 27.— The feature of opera
tions on the Metal Exchange was the announce
ment- from London that 1000 tons of tin had
been shipped. . The statement weakened our
market considerably, offerings of spot being at
$34. Copper ruled quiet and unchanged here.
In London it was os higher at £73. Lead and
spelter, dull and unchanged at $3 87H@4 02% and
$! 25(S4 30 respectively. Iron and steel «were
weak' again. Piciron warrants show a decline
of 25 points to $12 75. The brokers price for
lead was $3 95 and for copper, $16 £0.
New York Metal Market.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Malagas,
$1 75<gl 90 single crates; Malaga, clusters, $1 20®
2 25: ¦ Fontalnebleau, $1@1 20. Pears— Bartletts,
$1 30*51 70 box. Peaches— Early Crawfords, 40c
@$1 50 box: Decker, 80c© $1 single crate: Fos
ters, C0cg$l 05 box. Plums— Egg. 80cS$l 25 ?in
gle crates: Eurekas. $l<gl 65: Wickson, 70c®
$1 80; Kelsey Japans, 55cS$l 75.
Porter Bros, sales: Pears— Bartletts, $1 15©
1 35. Plums— Wlckson. 00c box. Prunes—Trag
edy, $130: German. $125. Peaches— Clings. 70@
90c; Crawfords, 55@95c: Strawberry Cllng3. 65c.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $1 35®
1 55 box, and $1 half-box. Plums— Washington.
$1 10; Columblas, $1; Jefferson. 85®35c: Ogon.
60c; Yellow Esrg. 60c@$l 15: other varieties (poor
condition), 25@75c. Prunes— German. 75®05c;
Gros, 85@90c. Peaches— Sal ways. 95c; Fosters,
95c; Early Crawfords, 50c@$l 20; St. Johns (poor
condition), S5@65c
CHICAGO. July 27.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $1 15
(S 1 35, box. Peaches— Early Crawfords, 55®95c;
Tuscan Cling, 60@95c, box; Crawford Cling, 70®
90c, box. Plums — Bradshaw, averaged $1 10, sin
gle crate; Egg, $1@1 30; Satsuma, $l(gl 25; Bur
banks, average $1 80: Satsuma, 90c@$l 10.
Prunes— Germans, . $1 15@1 30, single crate.
Grapes — Malagas, $1 30@l 65, single crates.
LONDON, July 27,— Porter Bros. Company
Bales California fruit: Pears— Second shipment.
Bartletts. $1 26@2 40 half-box. Plums— Second
shipment. 51 80 l @2 04 single crate.
LONDON. July 27.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $1 92
@2 2S. two-fifths box; Souvenir de Congress,
$1 S0@2 04. two-fifths box. Plums— Eureka. $2 16
@2 64, single crates; Purple Duane, average,
$1 32, single crates: Washington, average $1 92;
Golden Drop, $1 9S@2 2S. Peaches— Twin Sisters.
$1 92@2 40, box.
California Fruit Sales.
#_
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retains Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb' bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.20c; Powdered
5.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.30c: Dry Granulated.
5.70c; Confectioners' A. 5.70c; Magnolia A, 5.30c-
Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C. 5.10c: barrels. lOo
more: half-barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more:
jO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 73 barrels cr its equivalent. Dominos.
halt-barrels, 6.45c; boxes, £.70c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JULY 27.
Flour, qr sks 11. SM Middlings, slu... 1C0
Wheat, ctls 10.970 Hay. tons 1,012
Barley, ctls 11.5M Straw, tons 23
Oats, ctls 1.260 Hops, bales 21
Sugar, ctls 3.0C0 Wool, bales 23
Tallow, ctls 721 : Pelts, bdts 16i
Butter, ctls 24X Hides. No 21S
Cheese, ctla 73 Quicksilver. «sks 55
Beans, sks 7S.% Leather, rolls 91
Potatoes, sks 3.627 'Lime, bbls 1S2
Onions, sks 420 Ejcgs. doz 14.7H0
Bran, sks 2,I70:Wlne. gals 23,7i»
RICE— Rules firm. China mixed. $4 23; No.
1, (I 65^4 $5; extra. $o Wtfjo 50: Japanese, i\ 95
©•> 30; Louisiana. |7 2C&7 50 per ctl.
British Columbia with 13.3C0 tons: five from
12,733 tons, and 1 two from Oregon.
S0O tons. Total. 2S.M3 tons. There have been
no deliveries of foreign coal. An absurd article
was printed this week in one of our dailies,
intimating the doubling of coal prices thtj
year. There are no grounds for such state
ments. It Is true the quantities delivered
closely approximate to the amount consumed,
but we are not threatened with a fuel famine,
hence such heavily leaded headlines are very
misleading. When the present Alaska pressing
demand for fuel has been supplied we will be
enabled to have a larger supply of British Co
lumbia to draw from, and more vessels to
transport It. Besides, there are points along
the Central Paciric from which fuel may be
drawn In case any marked advance should be
made here. High prices will open up a num
ber of new avenues at all times. Up to date
large consumers may feel grateful that our
coast colliery proprietors have not even shown
the semblance of any Intention to squeeze
them, although they have had the power to
do so for over a year past. Grain freight?
outward have softened somewhat this month.
This will have a further tendency to advance
foreign freights inward on coal. The present
schedule of prices for Australian and English
coals will tend to diminish shipments in this
direction. Latest quotations show an, advanc«."<
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
w! r z eferr n d< 76^ : Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda,
».*. Bar silver, firm; 28d per ounce. Money.
3 Per cent.
Failures for the week were 231 in the United
States against 151 last year and 23 in Canada
against 20 last year.
It was not at all surprising that Wheat de
clined still further this week, for the price
had been held far above the quotation ruling
at this date in 1S99, and crop conditions are so
generally satisfactory as to assure an abund
ance for all home requirements and the usual
amount for export. High prices have curtailed
foreign buying to some extent and in four
weeks Atlantic exports of wheat. Including
flour, have been 7,266.436 bushels against 8,830,
331 last year.
Similarly In Iron, the depression in which
has resulted in hesitation and fear in other
industries, tbe tone is better, and in the Pitts
burg district the mills have booked a line
of fair orders in bars and platea. Structural
and bridge materials are better taken. The re
fusal of the Amalgamated Association to allow
a change in the wage scale adopted in May has
led tb .strikes 'at numerous bar mills, and the
Republic Company Is to dismantle some plants
to secure concentration, but the non-union ca
pacity will prevent serious scarcity. Further
business in bars shows that agricultural im
plement makers are active. Grey forge has
fallen to $15 at Plttsburg and Bessemer steel
billets sold at $19. With the uncertainty of
the conference of the steel companies at Chi
cago removed buyers may proceed with less
anxiety. Export orders advanced Electrolytic
Copper from U% to 16%c, In large lots. Job
bers in boots and shoes are demanding prompt
delivery on old orders, but new business is
scarce. Manufacturers are taking leather only
for immediate needs, but sole is more active
and a large sale for belting at a moderate
concession is reported. Packer Hides sell freely
at Chicago at the recently reduced price, f
A stop to the decline In wool brought many
manufacturers Into the market asking terms.
Good sales of California and Territory Wools
were made to mills and the trade expects
larger purchases to follow the opening of spring
goods by the American Woolen Company next
week. Holders who have had difficulty In stor
ing were the chief eellers. Sales of wool at
the three chief markets were only 4,337,500
pounds against 10,773,500 pounds last year.
Speculative activity in raw materials Is not
present to discourage new business. Producers
and consumers are getting together In more
than one direction, although midsummer in
activity Is emphasized by disturbed foreign re
lations and hesitation always attending a na
tional political campaign. False starts are to
be feared, but the dangerous optimism of last
autumn Is lacking and new business is at low
er prices.
NEW YORK. July 27.— R. G. Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SHEEP— Receipts, GOCO. Sheep, strong; lambs,
10@15c higher; good to choice wethers, $4 15@
4 50: fair to choice mixed. $3 Za'f?! 10; Texas
sheep. $3*2 4: Western sheep, $4@4 40; natrve
lambs, $4 40^6; Western lambs, $5<2«.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 16,000; to-morrow, 13,
000: left over. 6500. Strong to Be lower; top.
$5 32>4; mixed and butchers. $5 05@5 32V4; good
to choice heavy, $5 05@5 32%: rough heavy. $4 90
@5: light. $5 10@5 32is: bulk of sales. $5 200
5 25.
Best steady to strong; others, slow to weak;
butcnerB' stock stronger; natives, best on sale
to-day, one carload, $5 60; good to prime steCTS,
$5 I5<?if. 83; Door to medium. $4 5(Xg6; selected
feeders, steady $4@4 65; mixed stockers. $3®
3 90; cows, $3@4 80; heifers. W&5 10; canners.
$2 15®2 90; bulls, $3@4 50; calves, $6<g6 SO.
Texans— Receipts. 900; Texas fed steers. $4 30
&"<¦' 15; do grass . steers. $3 SOf 4 25; do bulls,
steady, $2 40&3 50. '
Canadian failures number 13. ss against 26
last week and 16 in this week last year, 34 in
1S9S. 32 in 1897 and 24 in 1836.
* — ! '. *
In the United States, aa compared with 202
last week, 170 in this week- a year ago, 1S9 In
1S98. 259 In 1897 and 221 in 1898.
Harrison's circular *ays: •"During the week I
there have been four arrivalM nt n»i rmn,|
Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallssnd, |3: Co-operative
Wallscnd, (9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14: Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $16 per ton in
bulk and $1S In sacks: rtneky Mountain de
scriptions, $S 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per
ton. accordlns to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bags are lower again. San
Quentln Bags. )5 €.": Calcutta Grain Bass. "My
6Hc: Wool Bags. 28«ifJ32Hc; Fleece Twine.
J>4c; Fnilt Bags. (\iTt6%c for white andSU@
8%c for bleached Jute.
COAL-iWellingtcn. $9 per ton: Southfield
Wellington. $9: Seattle, $7: Bryant. 16:
General Merchandise.
The market Is unchanged, except a slight
decline in Be?f and Veal. Reports from Utah
are that large numbers of sheep are being
lost' by drought.
BEEF— 5S6c per Tb for fair to choice.
VEALr-Large. 7<5Sc; small, 9ifr9>ic per Tb.
MUTTON— Wethers. "!i#Sc; ewes. 7&7Vic per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. SH4T9c per lb.
" PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small. 5?4goT4c for
medium and 5M>$a^ic for large; stock lloga and
fetdtrs. 5&c; dressed Hogs. ?QSHc
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKIN'S— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers 9Vie; medium. 8^c: light, SHc: Cow
hides. 'sWc: Stags. 6c: Salted Kip, Sc; Calf, 9c;
Dry Hides, sound, 13c; culls and brands. 12c;
Dry Kip. 15c: Dry Calf. 15c; Sheepskins,
Sr-earlinRS. 20®30c each; short Wool. 303T5OC
each- medium. €0®S0c; long Wool. 90c@U 10
each-' Horse Hides, aalt. J2«2 25 for large, |1 75
for medium. $1 ror small and BOc for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large. »1 25 for me
dium II for small and 23@50c for colts. r>ee - r
«kins— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, SOc: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
&0c; medium. 35c. ... '«";'.-
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, fc per lb: Kd. 2.
3c: refined. 5Hc; greare. 2<g2Hc.
WOOI/— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 14315c;- Northern defective. 12$
14c- Middle County, free. 14316c; Middle Coun
ty defective. 12@14c: Southern Mountain. IS
months", ll<S12c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' 10«il!e: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9flllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16@lSc: Nevada. 13816c per lb. Fall Clip— San
Joanuln Lamb: 1 '. %U$c per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at 5igl0c per lb; new,
10@12c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10(gl0Hc per lb for
heavy, lOVLftlO'ic for light medium, ll^c for
light 'l2>4c for extra lltrht and I4Ue for sugar
cured Eastern sugar- cured Ha:~s. 12-<J13c:
Mess Beef. J12 uer bbl: extra Mess. «3: Fam
flv 114* extra Prime Pork, Jla: extra clear. J19;
Mess $16 50; Smokod Beef. l'Uf 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
nound snd S^c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
sSc- 10-lb tins. 9Uc: 5-lb tins. »»4c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, STic; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8V4c: live tierces. 8Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
IHillness still characterizes the market.
Provisions.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6®7Hc for Royals and
SUSWiC for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
5c; Peaches, JQiHc; Pears, S@7Hc; Plums, pit
ted eSfic.
KAIS1NS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c: standard. 8c ; prime. «c; un
bleached Thompson's, per n>. 8c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per It). 8Sc: choice. 7'4c; standard. 6^c;
prime 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
RO-lt) boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. EHc;
3-crown. ' 6Uc ; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers. 2
crown $1 &0 per box: 3-crown. $1 80. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. J3. All
prices are f- o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. S'glOc for Standards and 9
©lie for sottshells; new Almonds. lH»t212'4e
for paper shell. i'n&lO^c for soft and 6-SF7c for
hardshell. Peanuts. 5®6'ic for Eastern and
5S6c for California: Brazil Nuts. UOUHe; Fil
berts, 12@13c: Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts. S3 50
6 HONEY— Comb. 12S12HC for bright and 11®
liu for light amber: water white. 7J*fr7Hc;
light amber extracted. CUG<%c; dark, 5^®a c
pe BEiES - WAX— 24SMc rer Tt>.
DRIED FRL'ITS-Old Crop— Prunes, nominal
—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. SH'gSc: sun
dried, 3®4e per lt>: Black Figs. l**#2c; White
Figs, 2g3c; Blsached Plums, 74c; Unbleached
Plums. 6c for pitted and I 1 **' for unnltted.
There Is no further change to report. AH
fruits, except Apples, are steady to nrm, with
a satisfactory demand.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITKUS FKUITS— Valencia*. *1 5O@2; Lem
ons. $1 25i?2 a0 for common and S3*f4 for g'v>d
to choice; Mexican Limes, nominal at J6: Ba
nanas, $1 25§2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50®
S oO per dozen.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 4(*;£$1 25 per case; Can
teloupes, $1 50ig3 per crate; Watermelons. $3320
per 100.
tinue scarce. Grapes and Melons are In fair
supply, but the demand Is nothing extra.
though "Watermelons seem to be changing
hands freely. There is no marked change in
Berries. Lemons continue very firm. Limes
are almost cleaned up.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—25<g35c per box and crate; and
$12 60&20 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 25@40c per box for common and
E0c@-$l tor good to choice; Crabapples, 20@30c
per small box and 40/SKOc per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 2o<@60c In boxes and |10®
20 per ton in bulk.
PLUMS— 20@40c per box and crate and 20@35c
per basket; In bulk. $5015 per ton; Prunes. 25
©50c per crate and tt'QIOc per basket; Egg
Plums, SKV320 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES—?* 5<Vg3 50 per chest for
large and t2<@A for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— %2Ca 7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-**^ per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
CURRANTS— U 50®2 30 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7(gSc per lb.
FIGS— Per box, 50c for single and }1 for dou
bU layers.
NECTARINES— White, 40@50c per box; red.
50<@75c.
PEACHES— 25@50c per box and 25SS0c per
basket; In carriers. 65gS5c; in bulk. H5IQZ2 50
per ton: Sawyer's Seedlings. 73c per basket.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau, 5OtSJ6Oc per crate;
Muscats, 7Sc@$l per crate; Seedless. tlHtl 25 per
crate; Sweetwater. 4O@60c; black, 63@75c; To
kay. tefi&Zc. "*
bought up. Pears are steady, though there are
still a good many on the market. Figs con-
All the good Peaches on the river have been
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches are coming in poor. In fact, only
refuse is being received from some districts.
CHEESE— New, g@9c: Toung America. 9%®
10c: Eastern. mi014^<>: Western. 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14<??17Ho for store and 19322c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 14H@lSc
Dairy— Fancy. lSt4@19c; good to choice. 17@
18c; common, 15@16c.
Creamery tub — 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20c
Firkin— 1SQ20C.
Another fraction Is added to the price of But
ter, which rules very firm, with moderate stocks
and a good interior and local demand.
Cheese la accumulating and s weak, with In
dications of a decline. In fact, some dealers
are already offering It at concessions.
Eg5g are firm and receipts are decreasing:,
though quotations are not particularly higher
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21$4®22c; seconds,
20© 21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another car of Eastern was put on. Poultry
continues about the same, everything being
plentiful and weak except Pigeons, which are
In demand, and good fat Hens. Young Poultry
is particularly hard to sell.
Doves have a wider range, according: to condi
tion.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9®llc for Gobblers
and lO@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 23®1 50;
««,/"• * l 25 @* **>'• D « f>lf «- *34t4 for Old and
.Mi i0T y° un ?: Hens. J5@6; Young Roosters.
J 4 @ fi : Old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers. $30
"0; Broilers. J2 50.-33 for large and »1 50O2 for
"™*" : , Ple^ons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
U oO@l 75 for Squabs.
T> G V^ JE ~. Doves « <°€Wc per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 25@x 60.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— Yellow. S5c@$l per ctl.
-VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c©Jl per sack.
a i- j r>er crate for Berkeley and Jl'gl 50 for
Alameda; Asparagus. 75C(tt3 per box; Green
Peas. 3f5c per lb: String Beans. IKQZc; Lima*.
?.» 4c : *- al >bage, <0<9«0c: Tomatoes. Rivers. 25«
50c; Bay. j Egg Plant. 60«75c per box;
Green Okra. Jl@l 25; Green Peppers, 25<?50c per
box for Chili and 3S<27Sc for Bell; Dried Pep
pers, S3 10c; Carrots. 25f?35c per sack; Summer
squash. 4<.*S50c for Alameda; Cucumbers. 25'g33c
f? r lame da; Pickles. 33W75c; Garlic. 2-83c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash. J1221S per ton.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c; New Early
£™*X_ 2o<S30c : Burbanks. 25-gfiOc for Rivers and
8oa30c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets. 2Ht<3c per
pound.
Sweet Potatoes are rather lower. Other Po
tatoes show little change. Onions are steady.
The market is heavily supplied with Vegetable?,
£ a ua«h' arly Toinatoes ' Cucumb ers and Summer
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
DRIKD PEAS-Nlles. nominal; Green. J2 23®
2 o0 per ctl; Blackeye. $2.
Red. $3 25@3 50; Blackeye. 13 50; Lima. $3 30®
5 40; Pea. nominal; Red Kidneys. $4@4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c ; Flax. Jl 9O®2 20; Canary. 3Hc per
Jb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
thy nl "34 : u? aPe " 2He3c; Hem P- *9*He; Tlmo-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1900.
Dun's Review of Trade.
\
Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Groin Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
10
CITIES. Clearings.
,— Per Ct.— »
Inc. Dec.
Montreal ? 14.034.439
Toronto 9,377,453
Winnipeg 2.145.359
Halifax 1.007.731
Hamilton CS0.218
Bt John. N. B S20.72S
Vancouver. B. C 955.197
Victoria 533,217
.... 3.5
14.4
11.5 ....
20.1 ....
52.5 '.'.'.'.
4.8
.... 35.4
.1
Totals |$ 30,154.374 |
I 3.8 ....
CITIES. Clearings.
,— Per Ct.— »
Inc. Dec.
Montreal ? 14.034.439
Toronto 9,377,453
Winnipeg 2.145.359
Halifax 1.007.731
Hamilton CS0.218
Bt John. N. B S20.72S
Vancouver. B. C 955.197
Victoria 533,217
.... 3.5
14.4
11.5 ....
20.1 ....
52.5 '.'.'.'.
4.8
.... 35.4
.1
Totals |$ 30,154.374 |
I 3.8 ....
AUCTION SALES>
SPECIAL SALE
UXIVERSITT STABLES at PALO ALTO.
Santa Clara County. CaL.
THIS DAY. , , „
SATURDAY Jul * 3
27 HORSES. 1 HACK. 4 3-SEATERS. £££5"
TONS. SAFE. HARNESS. ROBES. RCK-K-
AWAYS. WHIPS, etc. _
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Offlce— 327 Sixth Street.OAKLAND. July £7.— Ne!s Peterson, the
31.4-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. N. Peter
son, died at his home in San Lcandro to
day from thQ effects of a severe scalding
received two c"ays ago. The child was
playing around the kitchen Wednesday
morning. While the mother was tem
porarily absent from the room the little
boy manoped to j>u!l over a kettle that
was resting on the edge of the stove top,
and the steaming hot water splashed over
his head and body.
The little fellow's screams of pain
brought assistance at. once. Mrs. Peterson
rushed in, and neighbors who had been
attracted by the agonizing cries -of the
boy hurrk-d ,to aid thc\ mother in caring
for her terribly injured bafby. Doctors
were summoned quickly and everything
possible was done to alleviate the child's
pain and to save hia life. But the shock
was too severe, and after lingering for
forty-eight hours the baby succumbed.
There will be an inquest to-morrow at
San Leandro.
BABY PETERSON DIES
FROM SHOCK OF SCALDING
Wanted in Dixon.
Joe Hart and John Mathcfon were ar
j rested yesterday and locked up in the
I tanks at the City Prison. They are
i charged with robbing William Johnson at
i Dlxon about a week ago of $71. They came
' to the city last Sunday and went to Stock
: ton, but returned Thursday. Captain Sey
j mnur received a dispatch from Constable
• Staton of Dlxon last, Monday to arrest
i thei;":. Staton ni notified of the' arrests
' and will arrive here this morning to take
j them back. Hart was. a farmhand and
• Malbeson a blacksmith in Dlxon for four
i or five years. They deny knowing any
• thlngr about the robbery.
MAY.DRIVE BUCKET SHOPS
OUT OF THE BUSINESS
CHICAGO. July 27.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: The ownership and con
trol by boards of trade of an elaborate
system of telegraph wires connecting all
the leading commercial exchanges of the
country, to be established at a cost of
$15,000,000. may be the outcome of meetings
held to-day in the "private wire Wouse"
of the board. The primary purpose of this
undertaking is- in the line of working out
a practical plan to drive the bucket-shops
of the country cut of business. The com
mittee will get together again after the
questions of the expense and other fea
tures of the plan have been further looked
into.
WRECK ON GRAND TRUNK.
BELLEVILLE, Ont.. July 27.— Two pas
senger trains on the Grand Trunk collided
yesterday on a curve south of Madre
Junction! The engines were demolished
and two cars telescoped. Two of the
trainmen were killed and five persons
were injured. The killed:
ENGINEER ARCHIE EDMUNDS of
fSSSBSS^SSSi^i BURD, Belle
ville.
"Wonderful Vitality of a Marine.
VALLEJO. July 27.— Private A. S. Cow
gill of the Marine Corps has died at the
Mare Island Hospital as the result of a
Mauser bullet wound in the lung, re
ceived at Manila last April. 1 Naval sur
geons were greatly surprised at the won
derful vitality of the man. A post-mor
tem examination was held and the bullet
extracted. It was Jacketed and an Inch
and a half long.
Killed in a "Wreck.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 2T.-Two I. D. &
"Vv". passenger trains collided on a sidins
near Tuscola, 111., this afternoon. -The
engines were badly used up.* Artie V.
Glsas, a fireman, was killed and two
others were . Injured.
Motor Cycle Record Broken.
SPRINGFIELD. Mass., July 27.— At the
Coliseum to-night Derosler and Ruden of
Fall River lowered the .world's motor cy
cle record on rt board track for a mile,
doing the distance in 1:32.
JUMPS FROM PORCH TO
ESCAPE IMAGINARY FOES
Mrs. Anne Lee Severely Injured j
While Laboring Under a Hal
lucination.
W"hll«* laboring under the hallucination
that sh*> was being- pursued by several
bovs who were bent on killing her. Mrs.
Anne l>ee, on old v/nman. jumped from
thf porch of h*r hom*". at <"hcf=tnut am!
Uuchanan ftrp^ts, Thurfday night and
ppraincd bnth her ar.k'.es. She remainod
wfaere she had fallen until resterday
morning, when j»he -was found by a citi
zen and carried into h*>r house. I^a.?t
ereninc p!ip was rrmoved to the Receiv
ing HoFpttal, where her injuries were
Trpated.
TJie unfortunate woman is 5uppo=»d to
l>** mentally unbalanced. Several days ago
she was arrestc-d for insanity on com
. plaint of one of her neighbors and Iork^d
ur» in th* 1 detention ward of 'the Receiving
IfOFpltal. Eh«» was dlactUlfed the follow
ini? day on the promir-e of a friend to take
rare of her. Since then *he has been rare,
fully gTjardinjr h*r h"me. fearing that her
ima.ginary foe* ¦vtrf shout to attack her.
Bond Not Properly Signed.
Justice of the Peace Oroezlngrer pave
judgment yesterday for the X'nited States
Fidelity and Casualty Company in a suit
brr.uKht apainst it by W. R. Davis. Davis
was the assignee of several clients who
t-ued the casualty company as bondsmen
of certain contractors for labor and ma
trrial furnished in the erection of a build
ing It was proven thnt the bond exacted
from the contractors was not signed by
them. thnuRh it contained the signature
of the insurance company by its president.
As the bond wa«» joint in. character and
had not be^n signed by the contractors
it was deemed void by Justice Groezinger.
The amount involved was $243.
FAVOHITE BEATEN OUT.
Dare Devil Easily Defeated by Geer
at Cleveland.
CLEVELAND; Ohio, Jury 27.-The feat
ure of to-day's grand circuit racing was
the defeat of Dare Devil in the 2:10 trot.
Before the start ' he was a prohibitive
favorite at odds of 100 to 20 for the race.
Midway broke badly* in the first threa
heats, when CJeer was put up and won
the race easily. In the 2:12 trot Boralma
carried I^awson's colors to victory for the
first time at this meeting. Results:
2:2."! class paringr. nurse 12^0, three in five —
Midway won fourth, fifth and sixth heats.
Tim* 1 , 2:12',i. 2:13Vi, 2:19. Oobhftt won first heat
in 2:12Vi and was second; Puray Willow, dis
tanced In fifth heat, won second and third
Mf-ats. Time. 2:12'4, 2:14%. Oeorge C, Dolly
Urown, Straight Ticket. Beauty Spotty, and
MaMon C.'ueen also started.
2:10 class, trotting, fiurne IIB^O, two In three —
(7ayton won second nnd third heats. Time,
2:0M.;, 2:09. Pare Devil woo first heat In 2:0I>?4
and was second, Charley Herr third. Precision,
Monterey anil Who Is It also started..
2:12 class trottlnjr. rrurbe $2500, . three in five —
Boralma won second, third and fourth heats.
Time, 2:12. 2:0S?«. 2:11V». Kllert won first heat
in 2:11 and was seennd. Kate McOrarken third.
Georglana, Edlock, Ivolah 8, HIb Timber.
Phrn.se and Solon (Jratton also started.
2:2<> class, pacing, purse ?120O, two In three —
Honnie Direct won in straight heat?. Time,
2:034, 2:11H. Daisy J sprond. Prince Exum
third. The Prlvnte, Tommy Mack, Mary Kel
ley, Billy fleorgp. Cartridge, Major S and Tod
Williams also started.
Des Moines.
WESTERN CIRCUIT RACES.
Exciting Neck-and-Neck Finishes at
DES MOIXKS, la., July 27.— The feat
ures of the third day of the great "West
ern Circuit races were the exciting neck
and neck finishes in the 2:16 trot and 2:22
pace. The weather was clear and tha
track fast. Results:
2:16, trotting, purse $6C0. three In flve-Llege
¦won first, second an.l fifth heats. Time. 2:13',i
— 2:12'»— 2:1414. Auzello won third and fourth
heats "ami was pecon.l. Time. 2:14»i— 2:HV4-
I'hoebe Onward third. Emma Foote, Edith O
and Xcrmeda also started.
2:22 pace, purse J600. three in five — Major
Muscovite won first, third and fourth h»ats.
Tim*, Sill^ — 2:12Mr — 2:14. Harry H won second
heat in 2:11U and was second. Fred the Kid
third. Dr. Slildler, Charles Dewey, Kittle Hea
ter. Wanda. Gale. Duster and Ed Bennett also
started.
2:13. trotting, purse $fiOO, three in five— Miss
flygo won in straight heats. Time, 2:llVi—
2:J2'4— 2:l3»4- Red Star second. Swnnock third.
Illack Roberts; Hero Bell and Dr. Pltzer also
started.
Want a New Amendment.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. July 27.— At the
negro race conference to-day a paper
from Susan B. Anthony was read by the
secretary. A petition was presented for
an amendment which shall pro
hibit the dlsfranchisement of citizens on
account of sex and declares the condition
of negro women was not improved by
emancipation. . The' negro women will or
ganize a national society to send out liter
ature instructing negro women how to im
prove homes.
PACIFIC CRICKETERS
WILL GO TO SANTA CRUZ
light Work Will Be Done by Bowl
ers IhiJing- the Present
"Week.
The Alarnefla Cricket Club has now
• ' :• j such a considerable lead in the
; .iv for the pennant of 15*00 that it is
hardly likely that it will be caught. Thus
:." second place is the only one open in
the coht^Ft between the Pacific and Oali
i rrAa. cricket clubs. The first three of
tne six F^riee of matches have been play
< 'i and three more series remain.
To-morrow being open on the pro
gramme of the California <*ricket As<»o
r'ntion there will b*> no match on the
ground at Wetater Ftreet. Alameda An
• levc-n of the Pacific Club will start at
.':". this ifternoon for Santa Cruz, where
tbey will ji!ay to-morrow against a team
of the Country Club cricket club. Tiie
Pacific team will be made up as follows:
C P. Coles. J. Myers. George Theobald
-V IX Willia, W. G. Sol wood. I>. Jamleson
V.\ H»nrf«Tr-on. A. IV. Wilding. H C
Carfdjr, W. Jamieson. L. H. Sandilands
or J. H. Harbour. The Pacific team will
b» the gurpts of the Country Club during
t!i<-ir stay at the seaside town.
A mating of the California Cricket
Association will be held m-xt we»k, at
which a rfimmlttep will 1><? appointed to
n-.ak<> up the team which is to visit Lake
County during th» Admission I>iy holi
days, and 7>frmissinn will be formally
grantf-d to the Burns Valley Cricket Club
to include C. M. Hammond. \\\ O. Ed
rnands and H. V. Keeling, all of Lakeport,
in its eleven.
Tet there is a curious duplicity In Poe's
nature. >?o one has written more enter
tainingly than Poe. on the theory of tech
nique and on practical problems of con
struction as such. No one. to Judge by
his confession, could well have been more
, self-conscious in his artistic methods, in
his choice of subjects, in his search for
telling situations, in his calculation of ef
fects, and even in his selection of a tone.
a vocabulary and a metrical scheme. In
his analysis of the genius of the tale, of
its scope and mode of composition, ho dis
sects with the prettiest kind of exactness
and minuteness the processes that his
: own mind must have gone through In the
construction of his now so famous short
stories. To judge by this treatise, one
might fancy that there was nothing spon
taneous In Poe's writing, that he con
cocted a story as a mathematician might
calculate a table of logarithms by the
help of perfectly describable formulas
and mathematical processes. «
This union of apparent spontaneity with
what after all looks on consideration like
ingenious and elaborate design is charac
teristic of all Poe's works. In his "Tales"
the supposititious narrator seems swept
along by a resistless flood of mere facts,
under the sway of feelings that cannot be
controlled; he Feems a naively Impetuous
relater of personal experiences, and yet he
is always incorrigibly self-possessed: and
«he stops now and again, as In the "Fall
of the House of I'sher." to theorize about
his sensations, his passions and his par
oxysms of fear, and to give proof of de
monic intellectual neuteness and subtle
ty. Moreover, when the sophisticated
reader takes to pieces any one of these
stories, even the most morbid and phan
tasmagoric of them, he finds it a marvel
of delicately sure construction, wrought
apparently with conscious and theoretical
purpose in every phrase. In every quota
tion In the choice of every sensation and
decorative detail— almost, one Is tempted
to say in every cadence. It is from the
application of this absolutely sane method
to the treatment of delect ably morbid,
gorgeously impossible, splendidly menda
cious material that Poe's "Tales" derive
much of their peculiar power. He writes
like a Babbnge calculating machine that
has gone into an opium trance.
Poe Is a specialist in sensations. He Is
lavish of colors and sounds, odors and
tastes, and he Is tinglingly alive to the
emotional quality of each. Whatever ca
resses the senses, whatever appeals to
them keenly-even to the sense of smell
he delights to report. "The senses were
oppressed." he tells us in one place "by
mingled and conflicting perfumes, reeking
up from strange convolute censers. Ex
quisite vintages, luscious viands, the
flashing light of carbuncle, topaz, ame
thyst and turquoise the smooth hard
white of Ivory and black of ebony, the
rustling obscurities of old tapestries and
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
i:i9 Broadway. July 27.
Two masked highwaymen held up a
drug clerk in the drug store of Clinton
K. Smith at the .corner of Eighth and
Peralta streets shortly after 10 o'clock
this evening, taking $20 In coin and all of
the postage stamps in the drawer. Then
they made their escape.
Henry Partious. the clerk in charge of
the store, was just closing up as the
lights on the 10 o'clock circuit went out,
when the two men stepped quickly into
the store. Both wore black masks, which
I'artious describes as being of the regula
tion highwayman style. As nearly as he
can remember they wore dark clothing
and were of medium height^ and the most
striking thing ?il«out them was an array
of firearms which Partious admits car
ried »terror to his heart. One of the men
placed a revolver at his head and other
wise made it uncomfortable fur Partious.
while the other went through tile till.
Everything that could not be traced was
taken. »
Then the m<*n disappeared Into the
darkness, telling the clerk that if he came
to the door they would shoot him. Par
tions waited a few moments and then
telephoned to the 'pol'" 1 station and re
ported the affair. M«*n were instantly
detailed upon the case, but up to a late
hour ro trace of the men had been found.
There is no clue, and the men had quite
a eonplderable start of the poiiee, for the
drug store Js situated in West Oakland
ne.irly two miles from the police station.
The men had ample time to throw their
disguises into snmt dark corner and catch
a train U> Kan Francisco, or to hide in the
railroad yards near by. a favorite hiding
place for those who wish to escape the
police.
The place where the hold up occurred
is in a thickly populated tlistrict.
Two Masked and Armed Men
Rifle a Till in West
Oakland.
HELO OP A DRUG
CLERK AND GOT
TWENTY DOLLARS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. July 27.
George L. Nusbaumer, County Surveyor
of Alameda for over fifteen years, was
stricken with paralysis at 9 o'clock this
morninp 'while at his farm at Sunol.
Mr. Nusbaumer was sitting quietly In a
hammock at his residence when the stroke
came. A physician was summoned from
Pleasanton, who after rendering: what as
sistance he could advised that the patient
be removed immediately to this city. Dr.
O. D. Hamlin and Dr. \V. S. Porter met
the train on its arrival and soon pro
nounced the case not necessarily fatal.
Mr. Nusbaumer was taken to the home
of his brother in East Oakland, where he
.is attended by his wife. It is thought that
with absolute rest he will recover.
His illness was entirely unexpected. .He
has been attending to his business as
usual and showed no sijfns of failing
health.
Mr. Nusbaumer has lonp been prominent
in the public life of Alameda County. He
is a member of one of the pioneer fami
lies of the county anil is the one county
office-holder who is re-elected constantly
without opposition.
Paralysis Prostrates George
L. Nusbaumer at His
Home in Oakland.
STRICKEN WHILE
LYING QUIETLY
IN A HAMMOCK
"Have Mr. and Mrs. 'Charley' Dickman
agreed to disagree?" This is the question
that is agitating Bohemia, the smart eet
and society generally.
On June 17 Mrs. Dickman filed a suit,
making her pay spouse defendant in di
vorce proceedings on the pros;ilc ground
of "failure tb'provlde.'. A short time be
fore the suit was put on record Mrs.
L'ickman returned to San Francisco from
Paris. This fact alone did not of course
count for much, but who'' society remem
bered that the solitary traveler had gone
Co Europe on a tour, accompanied by her
husband, tongues began to wag. Then
came the divorce proceedings and society
whispered behind fans and wondered
where "Charley" Dickman was.
Last Saturday that gentleman solved
the riddle by turning up himself. It was
an unostentatious arrival, and the ex
bon vivant has lived an unobtrusive life
since then. The Bohemian Club, where
once his fieure was as familiar as Uncle
George Bromley's, knows him no more,
and the new member sits in his favorite
chair.
Down on Montgomery street, at number
728, there are some dingy studios. Here
Dickman has ensconced himself. A paint
ing-room and suite are going to be fixed
up, and in these, says the returned wan
derer, he will settle down and work. On
the subject of the- pictures he will paint,
the kind of carpets- he will have and
what tones will match the wall paper
Jlr. Dickman is voluble, but on the sub
ject of the divorce he is silent. But from
what bis friends say, and from dark hints
he himself lias dropped, he is apparently
content to let well enough alone. The
only thing that puzzles the gossips, club
dom and Bohemia is why he returned to
San Francisco. The free life of the West,
says Mr. Dickman, and as nobody can
ofter a better explanation this reason
goes by default.
Dlckman will stay with his father, at
2fi45 Parker street, FJerkeley, until the
painters get through with his Montgom
ery-Street flat, when, he says, he will
start in to be a Bohemian in earnest.
.vlrs. Dlckman is a charming woman of
30. and since- her return from Paris has
resided with her aunt. Mrs. Captain
Batchelder. Her little Rlrl is with her.
and she is apparently as unconcerned
over the pffair as her husband. She is
an accomplished and highly trained
singer, possessing a contralto of rare vol
ume and quality. Dicktnan is an artist of
more than local reputation, a bon vivant,
clubman and general good fellow.
Fits Up a Studio and Suite
to Woo His Art While ;
Divorce Impends.
ARTIST DICKMAN
GOING TO BE A
REAL BOHEMIAN
"With a wild yell those dnaky warriors
at the command of Captain Fuller made a
rush for the flames. Grabbing sacks and
blankets as they ran and breaking off
huee brniichos from the trees in the vi
cinity they attacked the fast-spreading
Maze. Smoke so dense that they could
not see one another proved no obstacle.
VISITORS at the Presidio yesterday
had the opportunity of seeing the
famous Ninth Cavalry in action.
Shortly after 2 o'clock three shots
In rap!*' succession fired by the sentry on
duty near the end of the Union-street line
brought the colored troopers to their feet,
r^ady in a moment for any emergency.
The grass to the left of the car station
was burning fiercely and in a moment
rr.ore would be beyond control.
Right Into the thjekest of it they went,
never pausing until the recall was sound
ed announcing that all danger was passed.
In ten minutes the fire had spread over
two seres of prounrt, and had it not been
for the promptness of the "Ficrht'ng
Ninth" a serious conflagration might have
resulted. The other troops at the post
were quick in answering the alarm, but
had much farther to travel to reach the
scene.
The batteries of the Third Artillery will
leave their camp early this morning and
embark on the Hancock, which will prob
ably snil at daybrenk Sunday morning.
The hk-h are highly pleased at the near
ness of the time for a chance to distin
guish themselves. They are all picked
men, capable of withstanding any hard
ship rind able, as they pay themselves, "to
do un tkree lioxers per man." On leaving
the Presidio they will march down Lom-
bard street to Van Kess avenue, along
Van Ness avenue to Market street and
down Market to Folsom-street dock.
The bodies of ninfe soldiers who died In
Manila were buried yesterday at the Pre
sklio.
On board the transport Warren, which
arrived from Manila yesterday, is a bat
talion of the Twenty-third Infantry, com
posed of Companies A, B, C and D;
twenty general prisoners, and thirty-two
sick men.
The 500 marines under command of Ma
jor Randolph Dickens are expected to ar
rive at an early hour this morning.
Lieutenant Colonel James M. Marshall
will go to Hollister in a day or so to pur
chase horses for the cavalry service.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Isidor M.
Unger has been assigned to duty at the
p^neral hospital. Presidio, while awaiting
transportation abroad.
HEROES OF SAN JUAN HILL FIGHTING A NEW FOE.
The tone In which these gorgeous or
mystical visions are recited is also char
acteristic and noteworthy. Strangely out
of place In a "dreamer" seems the Im
petuosity of the sentences In Poe's Talea
— their swift rapidity of utterance. They
run along in a monotone of frenzied ea
gerness—like the soliloquies of a mono
maniac. Poe's prose st-ems terribly tense,
as if written in a half hysterical mood of
excitement: with ail its sensuousnesa ami
pictorial quality, it has an acrid Intellect
uality and strenuousness of accent that
suggest an overstlmulated brain and a
morbidly irritated nervous system rather
than the relaxation of ¦will and the blurr
ing of the senses that are supposed to fro
with visionary dreaming. The Intellect
and the sensea seem abnormally alert
rather than soothed into quiescence. Alt
the details in Poe's landscapes, even when
he is painting mysterious twilight re
gions, are glaringly clear, as if revealed
by a blue flash of lightning:.
It must, of course, not be forgotten that
Poe wrote purely intellectual tales a? well
as "Romances of Death," "Old WnrM
Romances." and so on. In the "Tales of
Ratiocination" the demonic Ingenuity that
pven in the romances can be detected on
analysis has full sway. The juggling 1
with Ideas is preposterously clever. Not
more in these Tales, however, than in
the roraancea is there anv pretense tr>
portrajr actual life: the heroes of th-i
purely intellectual tales are hardly more
normal or possible than the T'shers and!
other neuropaths of the confessedly ro
mantic type of story. They are merely
Babbagre calculating machines without the
opium.
And this suggests at once what is per
haps the most serious and damaging
criticism that can be made on Poe's work
as an artist. He Is not an Interpreter of
life. Not even indirectly are tliTe re
cognized in his art those traits of char
acter, those impulses, motives, feelings
end habits of thought nnd of conduct and
those ideals that for most sane men make
life worth living and lmurt to it it-»
quality. The prose or the poetry of such
great dreamers as Shelley and De Quincey
is essentially human In spite of its vls:
ionariness; even when most audaciously
imaginative and unreal it usually pre
serves some orienting power over the
reader as regards what Is normal In life.
Poe. on the other hand, is 'the artist Ir
responsible. He plays fantastically ami
almost frenetically on the senses and the
imagination. Very often the effect of his
prose on the reader's nerves is like that
of romantic music — of Chopin or Tschai
kowsky. If literature were merely a re
fined substitute for opium Poe would bo
the greatest of American writers. As it
is. he is at least unirjue as an artist and
our most brilliant master of techninu«».
LEWIS E. GATES.
Harvard University.
The first thing to bear In mind In appre
ciating Poe Is that he lived by his pen.
His prose and his poetry alike were
dashed off with the printer's devil at his
elbow. When we take this Into account
and then compare his writings In their
extent and variety and range of Inform
ation and finieh with those of our mod
ern litterateurs we cannot but be amazed
at the fecundity of Poe's genius, at his
apparent power to Improvise and at the
marvelous and peemingly Instantaneous
finish of much of his work". Nine large
volumes are needed to hold his prose, and
much of this prose, casual as must have
been Its origin, has a burnish of surface
and a strength of structure "that have for
now many decades been the delight of the
most exacting lovers of technique, of puch
men as Baudelaire. Barbey L'Aurevllly
and Stephane Mallarme. The language of
art seems to have been Poe's natural
idiom; he Is probably without a rival
among American authors In the lnevl
tableness and persistence of his Instinct
for artistic effect and in the sureness and
facility of his command of the artist's
means and material. He crystallizes
whatever goes through his mind.
the glinting magnificence of silk and
damask hangings— all these eensatlon*
and countless others equally vivid Po*
weaves seemingly without an effort Into
the texture of, hla "Tales." Moreover,
every sensation brings with it some note
of feeling that reinforces whatever com
posite mood Poe may be aeeklna: to induco
in his reader. Nor is he any less sure in
his evocation of nature— of nature that
may be barbarlcally splendid or mystical
exceedingly, and charged- with fate.
Every one knows tne Valley of the
Many-colored Grass in "Eleonora." the
serpentine trees, the River of Silence that
flowed "through a shadowy gorge"' and
"the dark eyelike violets'* and "the ruby
red asphodels" of the valley. Every one
knows, too, "the yellow ghastly water*
Of the River Zaire in Silence" and "th>»
pale legions of the water lilies" and th»»
unforgettable hippopotami that "dwelt.
among the fens" and "came and roared
loudly and fearfully beneath the moon."
Riotous details of this sort— Retails of
color and sound and form — Poe's imagina
tion offers him with apparently inexhaust
ible fecundity. And all of these details
he uses with a marvelously sure knowl
edge of color — chords of feeling so as to
cast abouj some single figure— some
strange, solitary griever — or about the
victims of a fateful passion, an irresist
ible atmosphere of emotion.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY TMLKIS MIND REMINISCENCES.
THIRTY-FOURTH
DISTRICT WAITS
CLEAN POLITICS
Regular Republicans Take
Strong Stand Against
the Bosses
Delegates to State Convention Nomi
nated and Working Committees
Appointfd in Preparation
for Campaign Work.
Over y<0 members have pigned the roll
of the regular Thirty-fourth Assembly
District Republican Oub. which was or
panized last •reek, with Martin Jones as
president. The club is an anti-boss or-
including in its membership
tfce sterling business men of the Mission.
At trie iirst meetinp about fifty follow
fts of the "Crtmmins- Kelly combination
attempted to capture the organization.
but they were beaten by a vote of three
to one. Th*-y immediately bolted, led by
J. J. Moran, E. I. Robinson and Joseph
22escy. and formed an independent ciub,
which they are atemptinR to have rccog:-
Bleed u? the regular district club. They
ndd a meeting at the Native Sons' Hall,
on Seventeenth street, on Thursday night
;:r,d elected as officers the men who had
been defeated at the regular club election.
Last night the regulars held a largely
attended and enthusiastic meeting in the
"me hall. The following anti-boss reso
lution, offered by Kay L.. Jlathorn, was
v::ianimouEly adopted:
Upso1v<sJ, That the regular Thirty-fourth
Assembly District Herublican C!ub favors an
r»>m«t adm:ni«ration of the State and
municipal affair? on business rrinclrles anj
¦u:l! Back to enlist the services an*' Interest of
repreamtsttvc men of our city in the govern
ment of the Mat* axd municipality, therrfcy re
ir..rvir.«- the control thereof fn-m the corruj.t in
ilwners of the ea-calied bosses heretofore In
I <wer.
Following is a list of officers of the Reg
ular c:ub: President. Martin Jones; first
%toe president. I. J. Truman; second vice
president, F. W. Burnett; secretary. P. F.
M<-rtes; treasurer, George L. Center.
The chairmen of the various committees
< 1 twcntj-nr.e members each are: Execu
tive. H. C. Henderson; finance, I. J Tru
rnan; campaign, G^orse W. Darby; rules,
K. L. Hathorn; enrollment. Dorson Nich
ols. There are three from each precinct
on the enrollment committee.
The following delegates to the State
convention were placed in nomination: J
K. C. Hobbs. I. J. Truman. W. W. Chase.
J. H. Cox. Adam Beck. H. G. Krasky. C.
J. Peterson, J. G. Lavcnsaler, H. G.
Hums.
For the municipal convention the names
of thirty-four memK-rs were placed in
nomination. At the next meeting on Fri
day r.ipht seventeen of them will be elect
« d by ballot.
The following resolution, offered by F.
M. Burnett; was unanimously adopted:
' CT "h'*T* > £s. T\>, the m«-mt>ers of the Republican
r«rty <-f .;-? Thirty- Sum ifc^Awembly District.
! ¦ sr in mind th«> prosperity of the last four
yemru p.n.i ih<> unwlflsh devr.tion to the cause
< • h-jrnnriiy by our prwx^nt President and our
luturo l>r*Ki<\t>nt. the Hon. William McKlnley
: ¦ . KTertM, the dop-tr^d rendition of affairs
• oaljr in bufines? sr .d tra.1*. but also in la
1 r. of the yenr* o f Democratic rule, and
v I ¦ r<-ai>. wo lrvik forward ¦with Eleaeure to
l^vr morf .vrert «.f the full dinner pail; there
•.'¦r», l<f it ¦
Re*olre£. That we indorse and aprrov* the
• Hoy r-f our }'r«>«>',<i»nt and pto<i*-i» our hearrv
t '-'2 < T r ' rX lO th<f R <"P"*'Iiean party in the coming
Republicans of Forty-Third
A mooting of the executive committee
of the Regular Republican Club of the ;
Forty-third Assembly District was held !
last night at the California Hotel. Eighty- I
Iiv«» names were presented for delegates i
to the coming State. Congressional and !
Municipal conventions. The list included \
BOme of the most representative, Repult- |
lican citizens of the district. The careful '
canvass by the committee of the names i
Presented indicates that a strong ticket
v:!i be placed before the voters of the
district at the primary election.
GALLANT COLORED TROOPS
FIGHT FIRE AT PRESIDIO
GEORGETOWN, Ky., July 27.— The
prosecution placed its star witness, F.
Wharton Golden, on the stand in the Pow
ers conspiracy trial this afternoon, and
unless its present plans are changed will
rest the case at the conclusion of his tes
timony to-morrow.
Golden went over the details of the or
ganization of the mountain people, who
were brought to P'rankfort. It was the
purpose of the men, himself included, to
kill off enough Democratic legislators to
give the Republicans a majority. Louis
\V. Hampton, a Kepublican member of
the Legislature from Powers' home
county, gave sensational testimony
against both Powers and Governor Tay
lor. Hampton testified that Taylor wanted
the Keput-Iican mob to start a fight in the
House and assured him that he as Gov
ernor would back them up.
A Dr. Blngham and other men were
paid money to come, he said.
Powers, who was presnt. spoke approv
ingly of the plan to kill the majority of
the Democratic Legislature, mentioned by
a mountain man.
On the day before the shooting witness
saw John Powers give Youtsey the keys
to the Secretary of State's office, and later
Powers told him they had secured two
negroes. Mason iiocker and "Tallow
Dick" Combs, to kill Goebel. On the
morning of the assassination the witness
and Caleb and John Powers and Walter
Day went to Louisville. Before leaving
witness was in the Secretary of State's
office. Governor Taylor was there, as
were several men from the mountains.
. E. J. Howard of Harlan County wanted
the Governor to call out the troops, but
the Governor replied:
"You all must act first."
Witness walked home with Governor
Taylor one evening and the latter asked
him if he and the other mountain men
would back up a Republican member of
the Legislature if a fight should be pre
cipitated, and further along in the con
versation he said:
"Golden, it looks like a horrible thing to
kill a man, but that looks like the only
way to handle Goebel and his gang."
• The cross-examination was begun, but
had only progressed a little way when
court adjourned.
The first witness called was Judge
James D. Black of Barboursville, who
was a candidate for the Democratic
nomination for Governor before the re
cent State convention. He testified as
to the letter which Powers wrote James
Stevens of Barboursville, February 20, in
which the statements. "I am largely
responsible for the disorganized condition
of the Democrats" and "I am an open ad
vocate of war." were used.
Private Dudley Williamson, who was a
member of the military company which
took charge of the Statehouse immediate
ly after Goebel was shot, testified that the
members of the company were drawn up
in the arsenal that morning, prior to the
shooting. Witness said that the company
had been kept Inside the arsenal after the
Legislature met. but previous to that day
had not been uniformed.
H. D. Sinclair, former manager of the
Postal Telegraph office at Frankfort, testi
lled as to many teleprams sent through
his office before and after the shooting.
Some related to calling out the militia,
others to supplies for the mountaineers
who came to Frankfort before the shoot
ing.
George Weaver of Denver. Colo., was
the next witness. He was in Frankfort
at the time of the assassination and was
just entering the rear of the capitol
grounds when the shot was fired. The
witness looked in the direction of the ex
ecutive building and saw the muzzle of a
gun pointing from the Secretary of State's
office. Witness said he thought he saw
the hand of a man holding the gun. Wit
ness had never been in Frankfort before
that day and left that afternoon.
On cross examination witness paid he
was a native of London. Kentucky, and
¦went to Colorado In 1S71. He was a
barber until last fall, and since then
has been employed by "Woodmen of
the World," a fraternal organization.
Weaver could not remember about the
weather on the day of the shooting and
could not give a good account of his
movements in Frankfort.
Li. W. Hampton, a Republican member
of the 'Legislature from Knox County,
testified this afternoon that he was talk
ing with Governor Taylor In January on
the subject cf the contest. Witness said
that Taylor told him that human life
would have to be sacrificed. Hampton
continued:
"I replied: 'Well, If the Governor
save " but he broke In and said to me:
'Oh. I can't advise you.' I called on the
Governor to advise him to call oxit the
militia. He told me something would
have to be done before he could do this.
It was in this connection that he spoke of
sacrificing human life."
On the day after the contest board was
drawn, witness heard that Taylor was
abusing the Republican members. He
went to the executive office and Taylor
said to him: "You fellows .«at over there
and allowed me to be robbed."
Hampton also said he was in frequent
conference with Caleb Powers and asked
the latter if he did not have a chance to
hold on to his office even If Taylor should
be unseated. Powers replied to witness
that he did not want the. office if Taylor
lost the Governorship as Goebel would
have him assassinated. Powers also told
witness he intended to fight until death
rather than Rive up.- The defense did not
cross-examine the witness.
F. Wharton Golden followed Represent
ative Hampton on the stand.
George Weaver Says He Heard the
Fatal Shot Fired and Saw a Gun
in the Window of the Sec
retary of State's Office.
Testimony of F. W. Golden
in the Goebel Case.
PLAN TO KILL
DEMOCRATIC
LEGISLATORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 'JULY 28, 1900.
EDGAR A. POE.
Killed in Planing Mill.
*i tnlel McCarty. a laborer. "residing at
428 Fulton street, who was struck in the
stomach »»y a splinter In Hanson's Plan
lryr Mill Thursday, died last evening. Ilia
body vas taken to the morgue.
Found Floating in the Bay.
Peter Harris, of the shin Crown of
India, discovered the body of an unknown
man floating In the bay at the foot of the
Sansome-street wharf yesterday after
noon. The drowned man was five feet
seven Inches in night, apparently 40
years of age; grizzly mustache; dark
brown hair; weighed 150 pounds, and wore
a dark suit of clothes. .
BERLIN, July 27.— Joseph Meyer, for many
years the Christus of the Passion Play, has
been elected Mayor of Oberammergau.
Soldiers Organize Society.
An organization of those Who fought in
the Spanish-American campaign has been
effected in this city. Similar societies have
been formed in every State in the Union.
The original charter roll contains many
well known names, among them be'ng
that of Theodore Roosevelt. The object
of the society is to do for the Spanish-
American soldiers what the Grand Army
does for. the Civil War veterans. There
will be a meeting held at 20 Eddy street
every Wednesday at S v>. m.
George H. Thomas Anniversary.
The anniversary dinner of George II.
Thomas Post, G. A. It., will be given at
the Occidental Hotel this evening. The
manager* of the banquet have received
notice" of 180 acceptances, nonce Maior
Hooper will be expected to prepare for a
large as well as gallant company. Several
eminent speakers of local renown and two
or three distinguished guests will be ex
pected to speak. The music, vocal and In
strumental, will fit the occasion. The
dinner promises to be one of the events in
the career of the progressive post.
W. S. Chance Honored.
W. S. Chance. Fuprrvisitipr njrrnt of the
United States Treasury. Irft the city yes
terday on his return journey to Washing
ton. D. *<-\ He was entertained and in
structed during bis sojourn in California.
One of the happifst events of his San
Francisco visit was a luncheon at the
I'nion League Club day before yesterday,
which was given in his honor by Colonel
United States "Senator George C. Per
kins Collector of the Port John P. Jack
son Colonel George Store and other well
known ment attended the function. ' -
Cavalrymen Give a Hop.
Troop A. cavalry. N. G. C, celebrated
Its fifty-firet anniversary last night with
a military reception and ball at the arm-
Dfy on Market and Tenth streets. The
:ifTair wns in many r**rpocts one of the
rncFt pueeespful the troop hap ever hold.
The hall was beautifully decorated, and
to the strains of a military hand the gal
lant troopers and th«*lr fair Kuests danced
the hfurs away beneath a canopy or
stars and stripes. Sergeant J. P. E. S'parr
proved an efficient floor manager, and was
»b!y assisted by H. J. Martin and II. O.
Furkhaber. The following- committees
were In charjre of the affair: Floor—
Corporal R. C Greenin^er. Corporal C. S
Tate. Corporal C. M. Klrkert. Corpora! lj
F. Potter. P. F. Schmidt. A. Henry A
j. Klunjr. W. H. Plagemann. A. F. Klein;
nnniver^ary— First Lieutenant E A
Pierre. Serjreant K. H. Carr. First Ser-
Ereant \V. W. Kallcnirer. Trumpeter F T
Ensrle. P. F. flchrrsfdt; reception— Captain
Charles Jansen. First Lieutenant E. a
Pierre, Serpeant C. F. Wells, Corporai H
Bayes, D. I.. Dewey.
MACARTHUR'S LATEST
LIST OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON'. July 2T.— Following Is
General MacArthur's latest casualty list:
Kllled-July 21, Manuan. Batan?as. Company
L. Thirty-eighth Infantry, James E. East*rl> .
Company E. Thirty-ninth Infantry. James B.
Sknsrcs: July 22. Mount Corona. Luzon. Com
pany O Thirty-fourth Infantry. Albert Kry
berger, William Hunter.
Wounded-Plbert P. Aaron, wounded in thigh,
silent: Captain George E. Gibson wounded in
shoulder and face, serious; Oscar Lake, wound
ed in thigh, moderate: Charles Wright, wounded
In knee serious; Edward B. Frank, wounded
i-- abdo'men. serious; Company % K. Twenty
second Infantry. William Mos-hy. musician.
John Montgomery, wounded In arm. moderate;
Julv 24 Batanffas«, Lu«on. Robert Whltson,
wounded in thijh, moderate; July 22. Cabana
tuan Luzon. Company K. Thirty-fourth In
fantry William Stratton. wounded in . hand.
sllKhf" July 26. natangas. Luzon. Company D.
Thirty-fourth Infantry. William E. Lane,
wounded In thieh. moderate.
11
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
EDGAR A. POE: BY PROF. LEWIS E. GATES.
e »??????????»????+???»?» o
I FIVE WEDDINGS IN j
t TWENTY MINUTES t
+ •
? AKLAND. July 27.— Justice ?
-?¦ /^\V of the Peace James G. Qulnn ¦?•
-4- II JJ broke the marriage record irt -4-
+ %=^ Oakland yesterday afternoon ?¦
> by uniting five couples in twenty ?
? minutes. Those who were made -4-
4- man and wife in this spe«d track -t-
+ time were John J. Peters and Rose -4-
? Netto of Oakland. Oeorpe E. Bar- ?
-4- ker and May Vallino of San Fran- -t-
-4 cisco. John T. Kane and Sarah lie- -4-
¦f Master of Oakland. William A. ?
-4 Fletcher and Minnie M. Uhl of Oak- -4
4- land and Charles A. Bassart and -4-
? Laura Mitchell of San Francisco. -4
-f - ; -*V v >- ?
9 +++??? 4 ?»?????????????» •
CHINESE EMIGRATING.
the Mexican Border.
Believed They Will Attempt to Cross
WASHINGTON. July 27.— The Treasury
Department has received information
through the XJnlted States Consul at So-
nora, Mexico, that about SOiX) Ciiineso
from the Interior of that country are now
on the move northward, with a view to
crossing the border Into the Uniteil
States. The department Is Inclined to dis-
credit the stcry as far, at least, s» the
number te concerned. iTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, J^LT 28, 1900.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALI_,
r>r?TNICSS OFFICE cf The Baa Fr__clsoo
r s ;i. cr,i-wr of Market w>d T_!rd streets, open
•.-mi! 12 o'c'.ock •very nlrJ't »n the year.
DXAXCCB CFTirES- cr? Montgomery etreet.
r--rr.»»T CIrv; or*n until J:SO p. m.
tOO Hayes F'.r^el: cy>?n until 6:20 P- m -
CH9 McA'.!!ster ¦tmet: open until 9:Z0 P- «-
CIS I_trk!n r;re«t; open until S:SO p. m.
1£41 Minion rtreet; open until 15 P- ro.
r?a Mission etreet. ccmer Sixteenth: epe_
wr.ti! 9 p. m. '
IM Eleventh •tmetj r-r>er. cr.tn 8 p. ra. i
19M Valencia htr»«t; c;«cn ur.tll 8 p. ra.
Northwest owner T«--nty-«e<-c__ and Ke_-
tu<-ky tttr^fff. .t^ 1 "" it.i:! 9 P- m.
rmncii scnvicES.
i'iuvr v Cfa— n_ I corner Bush and GouRhste. j
'Rev Frederick W. C.iunpMt, I>.1V. rector.
Mornir*.' wlrt 11 o'clock; trening prayer 4 .
"32*? T>? J." Charles Roper. D.D.. of New I
V.irk wi'.'. rr^g^h. 1
~~3_KETIX« NOTICES.
REOt'LAH meeting of the Feft Vi
Masters' AfBCK-iatlon. F. ar.d A. fj\L
M will be h*>i<l at Masonic *Tl^»
T«npl«. "n iATL'RDA Y. July a. AMb^
ISM at i o'clock j>. ni. liy ZtrfiM»W^
order r.f the President. VA*J±\
PETEB T. BARC-AT. //>i___!trO
Secretary. Tk&XTTB^
CALIFORNIA Ch-fter No. E. R. A. M . •
w.a roett THIS tSATVUDAT) EVEN- _T\-
ING July It. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TCJT
dogree. By order of the H. P. / >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment ICo. X. I. O. gy yj
0 F-— Official visit by Grand Paul- \f
arch. KoyaJ Purple degree. Ail pa- S\
fiarch* in good standing are cor-X X
<Ii_l!y invited. H. A. TOWI-3. C. P.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O gk yq
O. F.-The officers and the funeral V^
criir.r_i:tw of the above named encamp- y\
m«nt are hereby notified f> assemble at *
<Md FellowF' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
Kts , on 6VNI>AY, July 28. at 1:30 o'clock n,
m 'or the jiurposf of attending the funeral of
our lat« patriarch, John Afi-tGS. By order
CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Scribe.
::XCEL_=IOH Degree Lodge No. 2. xS*a»2v
1 O O. F. — Regular mating 4_5_2KS$e;
THIS .SATURDAY) EVENING. -^£55=?
F.rst degree. '""* !
A. K. KI.VGSFORP. P. M. j
BABVOSfT I/ortce Nf»- 13. L O. O. t^ a^ r
F.— T: ¦ "¦ -trs and the *ygJgS2£s '
crminiittre of the above named ~-^%*f^r j
!r^fr a~» *n>r^t>y notifip^i to aswra- '' :
l-> at Odd Fallows' Hall, corner Market and |
?rventh fts.. on SUNDAY. Ju'.y %*. at 1:30 ¦
p rr. *t «'.i« purpose of attending the funeral
tit O'^r laie brother. JOHN ASMUS. By order
rHAS. QfAKT. Fin- P<*cpet_ry.
CALIFORNIA liarlmr No. 15.
American A^ixMatirin oi SV—-*— ri»
Va.trrs . • I !'.:¦ ts - Offioera f- Jv. •> £*5X£5^"
;.r-3 merr.l^rs are not!3«sS to , y^_^_jB**^
attend the funeral of our 'j***^^
late brother. FRANK GAR- !
WICH. from the undertaking par'.ors of Mc-
Avoy & Co.. lZZf Market st.. en SATX.'RDAV,
July rs. Bt :o i... m.
CLEMENT RANDALL, Captain.
R. K. PIPPEY, Secretary.
COVRT Otvldental. A. O. F.— Of fleers >»&_ f J*'
er.d members are notified to Httend
funeral of cur Iati> brother, F. G. _? \
THOMAS, EU3CDAT, July 2?, at 1:5B £J»
p. m.. Trinity M. E. Cliureh. Sixteenth and \
Xoe sts. Intero-.er.t Mount Olivet Cemetery, j
F. C. IIEttRICK. C. K.
"IVOOPMEN cf the World.—
Ycu are earnestly request- "T|fl '
«»d to be in attt-ndaace at _^ff—^ t ."," i?Jk i
the Grand ¦ (*ra-houf». £^5- --WOfVvV^ $1
:.:ONI>AY. July £0. Wood- Xzt~rnfir~** M f % - / j
m^n's nipht. Monster
"; ¦" :.r?.t. Itclicall of camps at S o'clock. By ;
order EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. _ I
I.::iK_. Cork Benevolent Association— Four- !
tPT.th annual ;!cr<ic will bo held at Shc'.l :
tfesad Park. PL'NDAY, August i. Games for
vf.ur.e and old. Prizes fiir everyone. First '
jrat»- prize, a J73 T>o:nFFtlc ffwinu m_chlne.
Tickets, :<0c; children under 12 yeare. free.
OFFICERS and members of Longshore Lurn-
b'-rrncn's Protective AFnoriation— You are no-
t:fVd to ctteni the funeral of our late m*m-
t<*r JOHN F. fULLIVAX. from bis late resi- i
<y-ce. :2 FT^lon Bt.. tiUNDAY, July 2S, at j
10:39 a. ra. l*y order cf
G. F. McMANUS. President, j
J. E. RIORDAN. nee. Pec. j
XliH Ca!!:v.rn!a Debris Commission, having r«- !
of ived uppUcaStom to rr.lr.e by the hydraulic ;
jtoc ??s from I'. E. Thomas, in the Gold Ilun !
Piar^r <"!_;:_. near Quinry. Plumas Co., to I
dppoMt ra-iiir.cs on a flat; frcm Walter C. Itob- ;
insnn. in the ppaUi'ood Hill Mine, near i
M'-adow Valley, Piurr.as Co., to Aeposlt tall- j
incf In I>paJw<v.<J Cr<^k; frcm V»\ D. "Ic»l;. I
In the Ir.dian Hill M!no. near Camptonville, ¦
1'ul* Ci . to deposit talllnes In Indian Crvek ; ;
from the La Porte Consolidated Gold Mining :
Co., In the Dutch Mire. :iear Ia Porte, Pin- j
m._« Co.. to <*. <*]i>£ it tailir.ps In Rabbit Cre<-k: |
from J. T. I?:r:ni:'.Ehiim. in the Strawberry i
Mine, at Strawberry Valley. Tuba Co.. to d»- j
podt ta!!:r.£s in a worked-out pit, and from j
C IX. Jorccsnoa, in the Garden City Mine, i
n»ar Gltsonvl!le. Pierra Co.. to deposit tall-
it-.^s la » ravine. »riv«>!« r.otice that a meeting ;
will l»e held at room E9. Flood bnfldlnc, S5an ;
Francisco. Cal., en Aupift 13, I9G0. at 1:30:
p. ra. i
AN'NL'AL me»tinic — The regular annual meet- ,'
tr.R of the stockholder* of the IlakaJau Plan- i
tatior. Company will be held at the cf_ce of i
the corr.par.y, ZT. Market st.. £aa Franci_io, |
cal.. on WEDNESDAY, the let day of Au-
grnst. ISO©, at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon. |
sor the purpose of electing a board of cjl- J
rrctcm to serve for the ensuing year and I
the transaction cf such r.ther business is j
may ceite before the meoting.
E. EL EBCLDOK, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING. i
The P.lsJr.n Iron ar>d Lorcmstlve Works.— The !
er.r.ua! rr.wtlr.e: cf the stockholders of the Ris- I
' t. Iron ar«d I^ocomotive Works, Tor the el^c- j
tier, cf trustees for th»> enduing year and the j
t-ar.«ar-tjor, of euch other business as may bo >
brausM Nrfcre the meetlnc. will be held at thi
ofKc* of the company, southeast corner of B»ale
t.n& Howard <=t« . San Francisco, on MONDAY. .
the t'Jii day of August. !&<X), at 11 o'clock a. m. I
L. R. MEAD. Secretary- i
l!' r '.M0 tc lean on diamond*, watches. s!Iv«-rw -are. '¦
("¦Hlrfctn*. mir.E. l>!» Harris. 15 Grant ave. [
AGEXT9 WANTED.
COMl.N'l cacif.algn-'Tl-.t Battle of lS^O" ; a!I i
the parties: all the leaders. THK J. DKVV- .
ING CO.. FIogiJ bulldlnc. San Francisco.
AGF.NTF cf ability an<l experience In life !r.sur- '
anc Call _t room 101. 957 Market, cor. Sixth. ;
WE hsnale n'lvcst novelties for teents. PA- I
f'lFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3161 ISth ft. j
«»-——— -—»¦»¦— -»¦«»——»—¦»—»——»——-—«—— ——————_—_—_—_. j
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atorn»y at law. SH Market St?
room C?T; eFtate*. dam__»s. atta'-hmor.ts! ;
tar.kr-j;<u-y. collections; a" eas**; fair fe.?s; i
no advance charjres; money loaned on «-state«. ¦
ADVICE fro*-; divorce law a Iped-lty; private: !
no feo without eu'.'CPF«: collections. G. IV. ;
HOWE, atty at '.:^.\. •:.*> Market, ccr. Stockton. :
I'JiEE advice; divorce lawn, dunacfs. estates, ;
culleetior.s. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery. '•
ADVICE tree: no charge unless successful W j
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market «.. opp. ilasca. j
U. S. CLARK. Emma Sprerkels rid*.. f27 Mar- i
V.fi ft.: consultation free: no fees in a>3vanc<\ j
'TFTEIt. IIEHMAnT.. attorn»V7 *27 Market !
?t.. r. .-.;:,: .,p«»r. tv». 7-S: roi.: altatlon fro-. !
MATH LAniN'Kl.C
COmXSOX C. 4-panol folding :^?..or~op«msffirrn •
ir-.d fate. V.'. S. m;QV»'.N~. gen*, art.. 42S Ellis. |
AfTOMOnH.F.S«
AUTOMOBILES — FRED & SON I
Afr.tf, 4<* IVmoiit ft. ¦, "\
1
u_x<;ia.\ UAiuis:
A JCUMEEH of flne docs at low prices- b-ed~to •
< ur iir.ett bwks; LORD EDINBORO (im D ) i
:ee 125; DUKE OF CLAKKNCE (Imp ) f-e !
::; line lot cf youngsters from 3 to a months ]
rid 'rom Lord Kdlnboro and our Imported !
does, with grand color and perfect feet' all '
round: iuV. line cf rabb'.t supplies; fr»e !
literature.
t-AN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE "O I
SAM. C HAMMOND, Mrt" '* !
Offl^e-Sprecktls Market. j
Kabbltry— lf_, Shotwell «t. .
LKLGIAN HARES!!
Ail the popular strains at great!* reduced i
prlc«?. ¦CAUFOR.MA BELGIAN HARE AS-
SOCIATION. Alameda. Cal. i
LORI) FASHOPA CHl"KF~and I_ujy Lumb, Erst !
irlze in Kncland, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION X1ELGIAK IIARe" SANITART !
HEADwUARTEKS; sale* daily. 1COSU. Suiter. !
_OLDEl7G^lFDEL^lAN"HAIurcO..609Gol-
<I?n Gate av.. S. F.. aCO rabbits for sale cheap.
ULSIXESS CIIAXCI2S.
8150— PARTNER; li*ht Indoor bus!n««sTwIllp_y |
over Wi pvr month to each yearly. Me- i
LAUOHX.IX & CO.. 7T7H Market Kt.
1100— CORNER fruit and vegetable store; horse; i
2__w_g.^nF; bargain. McLAUGHLIN &. CO.. !
#.•>•» Market st.
tlf/A- MILK route; 2S cans daily; poing East \
<-auf=e of sale; store included. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market ft.
JCTL — HLTCHEU rhop; prosperous country town- !
daily recHpts *„.. MCLAUGHLIN A CO ,' i
TT7H M-ii.n 5t. ;
jK/rfu-BAKERY; prosperous country town: i
trade 2H barrels daily. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 7:7 s - Market rt. i
1160— PARTNER T.ar.tefl; coffee end chop house. !
Mclaughlin & co.. mil Market «t. ]
IICSINKSS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— IS00; CORNER saloon with hall In choicest
location on Gear}' Bt.; rent 545; lease; place
kept by owner for years and is doing a good
paying" bwlness. Particulars K. Q. WILKE,
261* ICMray st.
A-JS500; PARTNER wfinted.ln largest concert
hall connected with grill, cafe and buffet;
hIbo —yenc-y of Eastern brewery on this coast;
est—bllbhrnent doing an immense business and
known from Victoria, B. C, to San Dieco,
Cal.; Owner T-msloyes about 70 people and
needs a first-class business man as assistant.
Views of the place and particulars at K. G.
"WILKE, 2fi ; * Kearny *_
A-$i"0; PARTNER wanted In barber shop in
If h ling sf-cond-ciass hotel of this city: about
IS.0 i*r month for each partner guaranteed.
Call R. O. WILKE. 26<>£ Kearny eU
A— JICOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
«.. rer.t. Including 5 rooms, $44; hor?e and
— afen; — years" lease; dally receipts about
t?0: owner to leave for the country; s first-
riafs and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
16't Kearr.y ft.
TO buy or s»ll any kind of business, to invest
in ranches, orchards or oil lands. Call on R.
G. WILKE, 2«>*. Kearny »t.
A— $.VK>; DELICACY and dairy produce. In Ala-
m~<5a.: r*nt S9; daily receipts $12; business es-
tabl. 9 years. Call 11. G. WILKE, I6 1 * Kearny.
A— JlTi-O; CORNER grocery and bar on Mission
et. ; place has been kept by present owrer
for 10 years and clearing above $100 p<»r
month; Ftock and fixtures worth the money.
Call R. G. WILKE. 16>4 Kesrny bt.
A— HOC— RESTAURANT and chopbouse on
water front; rent J15; bargain. R. G.
WILKE, 2Si» Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
best location: close to Chronicle building. Sea
R G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— $350— BRANCH bakery, stationery, notions;
on Valencia St.; living rooms; cheap rent:
rood business; a bargain. Call R. G .'WILKE;
2CH Kearny st.
A-J2500 ?K00 $2300
Restaurant, water front;
handsomely fitted:
finest location in city;
m«-a's 25c and upward;
receipts {60 to {TO;
rent reasonable; lease;
splendid proposition;
will bear lnvestlsnatlon
STENBERG CO., 925 Market st.^
ttZO CASH, balance time: restaurant, well sltu-
at<-d for two young men or man and wife to
conduct t conpiFtlnK of fine furniture, cash j
register, for a fart, all in flne condition; must
be sold In two days; nwn^r has two places.
STENBERG CO.. S3C Market st. __
A— S1I00; roitXEK grocery and bar, with fam-
ily rooms; location ha.* no equal; established;
2"> years, doing a first-class cash store trade;
r*nt only $"i>; a glltedge proposition. M. A.
UROOKS. 31 Golden Gate are.
A— 53r-"; RESTAURANT and oyster house; open
day and night-; completely quipped; flne
business location: excellent trade; full value
In Flsht; rent t?5; grreat sacrifice for quick
sale. M. A. rmOOKS. 12 Golden Gate av.
A— Kr^; UUST be sold; stationery, circulating
library, papers ar.d laundry offlce in best loca-
tion in city: bargain. LANE & CO.. 865 Mrkt.
S17S — DELICACY and dairy produce: large,
clean stock; good business; flne location;
cheap rent; pacriftce. Lane & Co., S<>5 Market.
A— 1200— PARTNER wanted In ltght business
EuHed to plain, steady man eatlsfled with SIS
to $25 a week; no experience required; trial
given. 9 Geary St., room 2.
TWO stores to rent: one for restaurant: other
barber and clgart". Opp. new depot, 693
Fourth rt.
SALOON icr sals; opposite ferry. Apply 111
East ft., north of Market; no agents.
FOR SALE— Steam laundry Coinff a business
from $120 to JIM per week; well fitted up and
the only steam leunflry within 30 miles; In a
prosperous town in the Sacramento Valley,
with a population from CM'O to 7000; reason for
f=aJe polng to Europe; terms JH00 cash; must
sell inside of 2 months. Address Box S430.
Call Office.
FOR SALE — A strictly (rood business restaur-
ant; if-0 chairs and feeding 100 people: bakery
using 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wayon;
kdg'.ng-houEe. J4 rooms newly furnished;
finest "orportunity to make money. Inquire
Arr.erlran Uukery and Restaurant, Bakers-
fi*:d. Cal.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; flne
location: place is entirely covered: contains 3 i
ct_llt>: rent only j;*; water free. Inquire WM. {
HKKPRICKEON & CO.. 614 Call building. j
WTLI-r-CSTABUSHED saloon; must be sold
within ten days: barsaln: reason, other press-
ing interest*. Information. Sunset, 32j Mont-
gomery Et.. rooms 3 «nd 4.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dininp-room. kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will rent, fell or exehanre. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARK, Monterey. CaL
A— S450— CORNER grocery and bar. with 2 liv-
ing rooms; cood location; good cash business.
Apply nt 2Z~ Tfhama st.
POK SALE — Cheap; a small grocery and bar.
with or without furniture of 2 rooms. Box
"44:.. Call office.
BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present
owner th»r— 6 years. 607 Third st.
NEW bakery; flne location; good opportunity.
Cor. Fourteenth and Pcralta. West Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA5WELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
A P.RANdl office for Call advertisements and
Fuh«er!ptl.^ns has been established at 1056
Valrnola Et.
LODGING-nOUSES FOR SALE.
20 ROOMS, rmt ISO; near Sutter st. : new oak
furniture: transient: must sell by the l*t;
price 11W0. C. D. DAVIS, r. 69. 916 Market.
<S ROOMS, new furniture: J1S0O mortgage. $23
mo. payments; S. of Market; must sell this
wk. ; price $2400. CD. DAVIS, r.69. 916 Market.
BOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honet-t value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; moh*y loaned. FCIIV.'EINHARD & CO..
917 Market* Ft., opp. Mason., phone Mint 1911. j
|120t> — SNAP— 36 roorre; all tented; flne location.
r.car Market. HASILE, 3 Eddy st.
CAMPAIGN I'lIOTO BUTTONS.
MFY. of all kind? cf photo buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail : ncn6 for catalogrue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market 6t.. S. F.
CARPET HEATING AXD CLB.V.MXi. t
WHEN' you become disgusted with poor work
tend to KPAI'LHING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3T-3-2J7 Teharna Bt.; tel. South 40.
EANITAItY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister et. : 'phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pfan Carpet-Beatlnc Works. G. II.
STEVENS. m<?r.. 3R-40 Sth St.: tel. South 2H0.
J. UcQUEEVS California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4M Stevenson St.: tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CAItPETS <-]<-nned nt 3c per yard, laid at 4<?.
STRATTON'S. - S Eighth st.; tel. JesMe 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main 234. OEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carjiet-Bcatins Works, 333 Golden
Oate nv. : fl^pliono. Enst 116.
CARRIAGES AXD WAOOXS.
ALL kinds of wa?ons. burtcies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN &¦ SON. 2117 Mis-ion st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, slnicle. also light
campinc wacon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NKW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts .fe har-
n»rs. work Xz driving horses. IT.th & Vnienrla.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
l(>«s »urres*ful. Room 310. 927 MarltPt Et.
Slin.ITUAL.ISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, £53 Mls-
elon; readings dally; ISc. 50c and $1: circle
Tups.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
WATSOX, the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c and Me. 15S1 Market Et.,
near Twplfth.
MP.S ETIQUE. 1204— Flllmore— Circle tbla eve.,
3(k-; reading dally. COc.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2
& 8 p. m.; 10c: sittings dally; O. %l; L. 60o.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally; convlnc'K tests to-night 10c.
MRS.J..I.WHITNET. clairvoyant. t»ft. business
tTK-ii'iiTn. life render: fitting H. 11<M Mnrk«*t.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. I'ORTEK. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second eight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles We;
gents |i; palm & clalr. sit. 11 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSON*, palmistry: card reader; past.
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St. ..room 14.
MISS AIMEE. (fifted clairvoyant, card reader.
UMj Xatoma ft., nr. 4th; Thur., Frl., Sat. Sun.
MME. ZEKEDA. the gypsy. Is th« great palmist
and card reader: 25c S Seventh st.. no sign.
MMR. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings Pally. ?i;u, fixth st.
MME. LENEMAR — Fortunes by planets: pre-
dlcted '74 ttrar Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MIPS MELVILLE, Kreat clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. &21V4 MlJslon.or.MInt
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ndvlce; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. '
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future mis-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
• COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $6 60; China ave..
off Mission road. Inquire 535% Stevenson et.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms and bath; 3835 Twenty-
flfth St.; rent $3 50.
DEJITISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. ra. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with M>me of tne finest
]>ntents for iiainless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, cro'.vri and bridgework: all
work warranted; plates, full Ret, $5: flll}n&«.
EOc ; crown. ?3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 246th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns plates, bridges
and fmings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell gt.
DRl LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
mode; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $Z; filling:}. 2ao.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at., corner Sixth.
EET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boaj-ded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELY'S C.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKZKIIS AMI SEAJISTHESSES
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking, Millinery
School to 1019 Market St., above Sixth.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tnllorlns system taught. 411 '\ an Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3R7 Geary St., dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, 630 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
intr. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $60; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1230 Market Bt.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin St.;
the coming: school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. pur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1S84.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $3 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 1863: SO- page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
deigning, carvlnc. all branches. 424 Pine Bt.
EMrLOVMEM' OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; c.«tabl. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 13b.
UNION Japanese-Chinese erap. offlce — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESR and Japanese Employment Office —
Heyt help. 411U O'Farrell ft.: tel. East 426.
KMTLOYMENT WASTED — FIMIALK.
POSITION as companion to invalid lady or
care for and Instruct child over 6; also un-
derstands German; willing to travel; refer-
ences. Box 34T.5, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER: first-class; perfect fitting;
latest styles: evening and v, alkfng costumes
remodeled; $125 per. day. Address J. H. P.,
933 Geary st.
REFINED youne widow wishes situation as
housekeeper for elderly gentleman or lady.
Address box 34*4, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
621 Mission *t.. room 1.
CO»llF_rrEl^r~_TrT~^lshes any kind of work.
Box 3153, Call office.
LADY wishes plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 11C Sixth et., room 6.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants a child
to board; good references. Call 3012 16th st j
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to
<3o housework by month: countr}- preferred;
wagos from $20 to %2Z>. 114 Fourth st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper for gen-
tleman with children. Address box 3440, Call
offlce.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms; 25c to Jl 60 flight; fl 60 to J6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and hnccnx" to and from ferry.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds,' watches, seal-
iklns. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmor* st.
A BRANCH office for Coll advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
EMI'LOVMEXT WANTED — MALE.
SbRER, reliable, single gardener desires situa-
tion: understands lawn, flowers, milking; gen-
erally useful around private family; good
reference; city or country. Box 2953. Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation where he will
have some time to study and attend evening
echool; object, home. Box 3459, Call.
AN American man, temperate and of good hab-
its, o_n give references, would like position
In business house in the city. Box 3456, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants position school boy In
email family. J. H., 120 Fifth st.
POSITION as first-class baker and pastry cook;
will fro to country If deslreU; hotel work pre-
ferred. Box 3414. Call office.
YOUNG man 13 years of age wlshe3 a position
as an apprentice In an engineer shop. Ad-
dress box 2SS2. Call office.
TWO boys residing with parents, ag-e 14 and 16
respectively, wish employment In store or of-
fice. Address 22!^ Perry st.
TEMPERATE, reliable. Intelligent man of 33
wants work in store, offlce or cigar stand
durtnK day time; very moderate salary want-
ed. Box Call office.
A YOUNG man, German, would like a position
as grocery clerk In small country store; beet
of references. Addres;? (J. M., 1104 Larkin st.
1100.000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
f-klns. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrfptluns has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
C ROOM cottage; right In town; marine view;
for a 2-story house; pay difference. Box 2954,
Call office. " •
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071V4 Market (near Seventh): examination
free; German eye water by mall, EOo; see City
.Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 2 UPPER eunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; (25 and {28. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave. '
A— $17; NEW upper eunny modern flat; 6 rooms
' and bath: yard and cellar. 142H4 Hayes st.
A-8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
DOLORES st... between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; fine fiat of 6 rooms and bath;
key there. Apply to C S. CAPP & CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 620 Market «t.
GUERRERO Bt.. between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth; flne modern flat, 6 rooms and bath;
every rocm sunny; rent only $I.">. Apply to C
S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents, C30
Market st.
BOYCE, 75. near Geary— Top sunny flat, 4
rooms; bath; glassed porch; rent $8.
FIFTEENTH. 1876, nr. Dolores— Sunny bay-win-
dow flat; 7 rooms, bath: house a rooms, stable.
FIVE ltght sunny /rooms,' garret, and base-
ment. 133 Lily ave.; key at 136 Page st.
FURNISHED flat. 3 rooms; basement, yard; to
careful tenant, $20. 229 Oak st.
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &. KOWELL.10 Montgomery.
NE. CORNER Nineteenth and Noe Bts., warm
belt of the Mission; 1 block from Eighteenth
or Ca.«tro-st. cars; 2 lovely lower 4 and 6
room flat*; modern; sun all day; rent $14 and
J18; water free.
PINE, £319%, near FHlmoro— Susny modern up-
per Hat; S rooms; bath.
FLATS TO LET.
SUNNY modern upper flat: 6 rooms, bath-
2319% Pine st.. near Flllmore.
THIRTEENTH. 615, between Guerrero and Do-
lores — Four rooms.
$11 60— NICE flat of 4 large sunny rooms; bath,
gas and large yard. 3928 Nineteenth St., be-
tween Noe and Sanchez.
4 AND 5 room flats, oft Howard at., bet. 12th
and 13th. Key at 1626 Howard St.
$22 DO— MODERN flat, 8 rooms, bath; newly
grained; first-class. 1128 Howard, nr. Seventh.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
Bklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FLATS TO LET FURXISHBD.
GROVE," 818, near Flllmore— Furnished flat of
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and side
yards; family stable; rent 140 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON & BTTRKK.
NICELY furnished flat. 7 rooms and bath, at
121SH Halght 6t.. near Central ave.
ri'RMTl'RE FOR. SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUKKITUUJ- WASTED.
$3000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. Days
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WA:.TED-FE3IALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Pacific Grove, $20, free fare, to go
to-day; waitress, San Mateo, $20, Bee party
here; 15 other waitresses, city and country
places, $20 to $25; 2 chambermaids to wait,
very light work, $20; chambermaid, $13; wo-
man cook, city, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
All houseglrls. second girls, nurseglrls looking
for positions, either city or country. a.pply C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
RANCH cook for men. $25 and fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
SECOND girl, $20, for Berkeley and faro paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED— 3 laundresses. $30 and $35; 8 second
girls. $20 and $25; 2 waitresses, seashore hotel,
$20; 6 waitresses, city and country, $20 and
$25; cook, restaurant, $30; 4 cookB, small wash,
private family, $30; 2 nureeulrls, $20; French
nursery governess, $25; girt, general house-
work. San Jose. $25: Oakland. $25;' San Rafael,
$20; Modesto. $20; San Mateo, $25: Livermore.
$20; Santa Rosa, $25; Berkeley, $30; Vacavllle,
$20; Santa Cruz, $25; Alameda, $25; Millbrae,
$25; Menlo Park. $30; cook, miners' boarding-
house. $30: 60 girls for housework in the city,
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316
Sutter st. •
A .GERMAN waitress; private family; $25.
MISS CTJLLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A FRENCH maid: $25; one speaking no Eng-
lish preferred. MIS8 CULLBN. 825 Sutter st.
A— 2 WAITRESSES, workingmen's hotel, city;
$20 each. MISS eUI_-.ETN. 325 Sutter Bt.
A GERMAN nurse rirl: country: one child 4
years; $20. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter gt.
A WOMAN to do cleaning-: Institution; $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply immediately, U.
8. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folaom.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32V4 Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Experienced sewers for ladles'
waists and children's wear; can earn $7 to
$12 a week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market Bt.
WANTED— A woman for light housework; a
good home and small wares. 724 Clementina
6t., between Eithth and Ninth.
YOUNG girl between the age of 12 and IS to
assist In light housework in exchange for
pood home. Apply 2 Octavla Bt.
A YOUNG girl to assist in second work: small
wafces and very comfortable home. 86 Glen
Park avenue.
EXPERIENCED operators on gent's white
shirts. ROGETJSON'S. 535 Valencia St.
LADY compositor and experienced copyholder.
PERNAU BROS.. 613 Clay gt.
GIRL to assist In housework; good home; small
wages. Call 423 Montgomery avenue.
WANTED— A first-claes lroner or budy lroner;
good wac»B. 257 Tchama at.
COOK wanted. 812 Fell St.
SMALL Klrl to a?slBt with baby, $5. 2777
Twenty-fourth gt.
AN experienced operator on whit* shirts. 231
Powell St.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing In a small family. 3022 Clay at.
WANTED — An experienced waitress at United
States Hotel, 123 Eddy st.
AN American woman to cook for family of 6;
steady place In country: no objection to Ilttla
child. For further Information apply to 4499
Seventeenth st^
200 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit .at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
In godd paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO., room 40, Columbian building.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— A girl for pressing waists. 409 A
Turk st.. S. F. Mfg. Co.
YOUNO Protestant girl to assist In light house-
work; good home; $5 month. Box 3448. Call.
GIRL wanted to assist In shooting gallery. Ad-
dress box 3452, Call office. _^
GIRL wanted to assist with general house-
work. S28 Turk st. .
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 18th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
IlKLr WANTED HAL-!
W^NTED^
2 men for hay press, near Oakland, 17c ton;
teamsters, haul baled hay. near city, $30;
rarch teamsters, $30; teamster. Oakland,
$1 £3 day; milker, steady place, $30; Eastern
farmer and milker, $30; general farmer,
steady, $J5: laborer for foundry. $1 75 day; 2
machine miners. $3 day; slnjclehand miners.
$2 60 day; man to care small ranch, $25; 3
men, handy with tools, $40 and board; wood-
choppers, 75c. $1. $1 25 and $2 a cord.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
PATTERNMAKER for country. $4; 8 laborers
for mill. $35 and board, fare ndvanced. go to-
day; 10 miners. $2 30 and $3 day and $40 and
board; laborers and muckers. $2 day; 20 rail-
road laborers.' free fare; blacksmiths, machin-
ists, cabinetmakers, stableman, planer-man,
farmers, milkers and many others for differ-
ent kinds of work. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
62S Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT cook. $10 week; 4 hotel ' and
boarding house cooks, $30, $35 and $40; oyster-
mnn, $40; second baker, country, $35 and
found; baker's helper, $30: pantryman, $25 and
found; 3 waiters for country hotel, $30, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S
Sacramento et.
GERMAN. Swiss or Scandinavian man about
place for country. $30: Swiss gardener, $30 and
found, call early. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
623 Sacramento st.
A MIDDLE-AGED man; Catholic Institution;
$15; must understand care of Blck. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at.
BARBERS' Progressive XTnlon— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel: Jessie 152.
WANTED— Families to camp and work on fruit
farm; fare from S. F. $1 25; nothing but
white labor employed and no disorderly char-
acters allowed en premises; two to three
months' steady work for adults and children
over 12. For particulars address 101 Sansome
St., room 28, or Inquire from 9 to 10 a. m. and
3 to 6 p. m.,. Saturdays excepted.
CASH boys wanted; only those attending night
school need apply, S. N. WOOD CO., 713
Market st. :;.:.•. - ¦; ':%
WANTED— A good second cook; one who un-
derstands pastry and dinner preferred, at
United States Hotel, 123 Eddy et.
BARBER for Saturday. 797 Mission st.
BARBEn for Saturday and Sunday. 715
Davis st.
BOY wanted at 11 O'Farrell st.
SECOND cook' wanted. Park Hotel, 2C Turk
street.
WANTED— An errand boy: reference required.
W. FLEISHER. 217 Pine st.
AN experienced cutter on shirts. 231 Powell
street..
WANTED— Strong boy to work in a wholesale
house; give reference. Box 34SO. Call.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6S48
Leading- Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
746» men for all parts of California. Utah,
Washington, Arizona. Oregon, Nevada, Brit-
ish Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
And no other expenses to Reno (New) Dist.
Los Angeles District Truckee District
I Santa Barbara District Shasta District
Salt Lake City District.. Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz District Newman District
Dunsmuir District.*. Bakersfleld District
Soda Springs District Madera District
San Luis District Surf District
SPECIAL TO SHASTA COUNTY DISTRICT.
Redding Delta Dunsmuir
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free .....free
.., COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters. ' laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, splkers, section hands, tunnel-
men, men, steel gangs, etc; wages $3, $2 50,
{2 25, $2, 31 75 a day and free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
It costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come
eoe .'.
free : free
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A — 2 ROUGH carpenters. $2 60 day and found;
free rare ;
carpenter, vineyard company
35 carpenters to build a large flume
20 laborers to handle hammer, etc
$30 to $40 and found
153 miners, gold, silver and other mines
$30, $75. $60 and found
13 muckers $60
Crowd going to mines; 6 men to work in
¦warehouse $40 and found
264 laborers to work at different mines
$50, $13, $40 and found; no experience re-
quired you'll suit
6 machine miners, gold mine $90
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$35, $30, $25 and found
82 choremen and boys
63 harvest hands.... $2 50, $2 a day and found
47 milkers and butter-makers
$35. $40, $30 and found
197 men to work in sawmills, woode, etc.; wo
pay your fares $95. $90, $80, $75,
$60, $55. $50. $45, $40, $35. $30. $26 and found;
Ehingle sawyer; . drag sawyer -
186 tlemakers. woodchoppers, tools and food
found $2 50 to $1 a cord, 13c to 10c each
woods foreman; sawmill foreman, bos3 here;
gang edgerman, screw turner, boss here;
sheep herders; men for hay presses
87 stablemen, hostlers, bupsy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc.. $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
886 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California $2 50, $2 25. $2. $175 a day
many for city positions and board home
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st._
MECHANICAL HELP.... Two bridge builders
Handy man around machinery
papcrhanger. city -
wagonmaker, city $52 and found
25 blacksmiths, horseshoers, woodworkers,
helpers, etc., $2, $2 50 day to $60 and found:
coremaker and other mechanics; wagon-
maker, $3 a day: wheelwright
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay «t.
A-BUTCHERS Hotel Departments
Choreman and wife, small country hotel:
pantryman for mine, $25 and found; saloon
porter -
Chef and second cook, country hotel, $35 and
found
23 rooks, city and countrv places. $30. $35. $t0
to $60 and found; first and second head bakers
and helpers, $00, $40, $35 and $30 and found;
shop and slaughter house butchers, etc., $60.
$40 and $30 and found; laundry help and oth-
ers.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— AGAIN we pay your fare S65 men
for the sawmills and woods; no experience re-
quired, $2$ to $40 and found Fare paid
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay St.
A— COME down and get our list of 7263 Jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
X FREE FARE
8 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $3 to
$3 25 da>
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL
10 laborers for warehouse.. $2 50 day, free fare
anybody can do this work
fruit pickers fruit pickers. $30 and fd
Accountant for lumber company
Ten new mines want 65 miners, $<*>, $75 per
month and found; 1&3 laborers, $60, $4S and
found; planer man. $50 and found; 20 laborers
for Oakland, $2 23 a day
25 two-horse teamsters for a sawmill ?S0
help for institutions; porters for good places:
second cooks, springs, $45 and found; 23
waiters, $20, $S5 and found; blacksmith's
helper: carriage woodworkers; boys for fac-
tory. $4 to $6 a week
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay St.
A-C. R.ilANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
200 teamster?. Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work. ..$2 a day
100 teamsters. Bakrrsfleld J2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road 12 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
IM laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Offlce fee. $1 Free fare
8 more house carpenters, S. P. Co. work. $3 a
day board $4 50 a week, free fare.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat cook. M5; pastry cook. $35; helper, $20;
all for institution in country, see party here;
cook and wife, country. $73 to $SO. see party
here 10:30 a. m.; cook, country hotel, $40; 3
second cooks. $35 and $40; third cook, country,
$30; oystermnn. f40.
2 first-class -waiters. $35 and offlce fee paid:
S waiters, country, hotels. $23 and $30.
2 neat bell boys. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED — For U. S. Rrmy. able-bodied un-
married mm between ngen of 21 and 35: clt-
lzens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English; recruits' are specially de-
sired for service In Philippines. For infor-
mation apply to Recruiting: Offleer. 121 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. NaVy. able-bodied, unmar-
rl«"-d men of _ood character: between the age*
of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and fpeak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
flce. 40 Ellis ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. 630 K St.,
Sacramento. Cal., or 1058 J Bt., Fresno, Cal.
DISHWASHER. 1416 Howard st.
WANTED— Helper on wagon and truck work.
D37 Drannsn st.
STRONG boy to wash dlshee at night; wa_es
$5 per week. 212 O'Farrell st.
BOY wanted: saloon and lunchhouse; $15, room
and laundry- 130 Howard Bt.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. S9»S Turk st.,
near Taylor.
WANTED— A helper In restaurant. 113 Turk.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County,
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
828 Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
GOOD photographer with a little money, not
afraid of work. Address W. B. PICKETT,
Bailey block. Berkeley.
4-CHAIR barber-shop for $100; receipts $30;
cheap rent. 1542 Market st.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commission;
city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
STENOGRAPHER desirous of studying law;
state experience, salary expected and refer-
' ences. Box 3449. Call offlce.
HANDY man; understands paper hanging,
painting, etc., $25 per month.- Ahlborn House,
321 Grant ave.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
SHEEPSKTN cutters; also apprentices. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 35 MRrket st.
BRIGHT boy for attorney's offlce. Address
box 3447. Call offlce.
2 FIRST-CLASS helpers wanted In carriage
factory. 630 Broadway.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th St., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-?oled while waiting, 25c to
EOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wasres while learning; catalogue mailed free.
fi. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HOHSKS. UVR STOCK. Ktc — For Snl_
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market"
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday'
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. .
FOR SALE— 2 extra flns carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FINE stock Durham bull. Apply Rose st and
San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
HORSES— Young, well broken; for all purposes:
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send, for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE two-story house. « rooms and bath; mod-
ern Improvements. 220 Ash ave.. between Van
Ness ave. and Franklin st. : rent $22 50.
FIRST, 305. Just above Folsom— 6 rooms for 2
families; In good order; <15.
LOST A.NU FUU>D.
LOST— July 27, gray feather boa. Return to
1305& Polk st. and receive reward.
FOUND— Horse and cart. Call STEWARD &
CO.. Sansome Bt.
$2C REWARD— Lost Tuesday night. July 17. at
Columbia Theater, a pair of opera glasses «nd
bap.: marked "Mrs. A. Heynemann"; set with
gold watch on top. Return to 2508 Flllmore;
no questions asked.
IF the Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington st.. Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
6-carat diamond ring to me immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONG PO CHI.
LOST— A gold nugget charm; shape of eagle's
wings: diamond set. Finder will receive $25
reward by addressing box 3446. Call.
LOST — Silver mounted cap of coupe. Finder
return to W. H. BARNETT, 20 Clay; reward.
FOUND — Greyhound. Inquire at 496 Eighth st..
city.
MONET advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from $1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
IS Grant ave.
______ __
i)R. and^MRS. DA Vl£sTl223 MarkeTst-— Rell-
abfe ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years
practice; have treated thousands of ca«e« suc-
cessfully; a positive cure_ guaranteed at of-
flc; ladies treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for connne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, t5, positive cure: horo« for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential;
hours 9 to 5 and . 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to 2.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and HydeL
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call en him. 102SH Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladies' specialists.
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable:
cure S5: have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007',$ Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WTETH. rellabla specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento. cor. Kearny: advice free
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1C35 Market— Ladies' special-
ist: home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE — The only genuine ladles* specialist,
Offlce HIS Market gt.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont *t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and efflce furniture and
fixtures: new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st. above
Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington typewriter In
fine order. L. & M. ALEXANDER, no Mont-
gomery St.
A— 100 H. P. enirlne. boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont at.
A— W 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Pop-
ular Prif-e Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FOR SALE— Portable oven; cheap; nearly new.
30S1 Twenty-first St.
PEDIGREED St. Bernard eud for sale. 1910
McAllister st. _____
LOCO FT. 2d-hand ripe. V.-lnoh. black & straight.
H4c per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver st.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. 5. White. £16 Mission.
A KINK suit. $10: dress pants. »2 75. MISKIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER, No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line camera* and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER, 613 Examiner bldg.
FDISOX concert phonograph— Reduced prlc a .
t75; concert records. U SO. Daclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beaie.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; movlnjc
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof rate. 216 California at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
" WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Frar..
~ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A hundred-light Incandescent dy-
namo; modern pattern; In flrst-cUss condi-
tion; state price and time In us#. Address
j. B. I., room 36. 3 California St.. S. F.
WANTED— Boilers. 64-lnehxlS feet. KROGH
MFG. CO., 9-17 Stevenson st.
EEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
IF vou wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third;. tel. Black 4123.
HONEY TO LO._l.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery ._ r 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle bld.y. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
eervice; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and 63. Donohoe building, 1170 Market Bt.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone' Davis 905.
ON real estate. 1st or'7nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; n''- removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKElt &CO., 26 Montgomery.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no oom. Room SI, 8 Eddy.
TO salaried people wltTiout security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tou?!ey Co., 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3;per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy at.
ANY num. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 503. Examiner buildla^.
H. MURPHY. 620 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; Id estates, eto.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL.. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
P. F. Discount Agpncv. m Phelnn butMlng.
MUSICAL l.NSTRUMEXTS.
1 GOOD upright; good for beginner: JSS.
1 Neuman upright; rosewood case; fl35-
1 Fischer upright; the genuine make; |165.
1 Sterling upright: walnut case: $225.
1 Vose upright; cood as new; J275.
1 Pease upright: used 6 months; 1245.
1 Weber; walnut case; a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a snap.
Easy payments; gilt-edge guarantee.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-13-20 O'Farreil st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade from Steinway down to . low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than these of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash, fS per
month; other pianos, $3. }4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & GO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter stg.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
EMERSON, 175; Guild. $1GO: Newhall. I1S0; Em-
erson, $175; all great bargains: come early;
they won't stay long. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market «t. .
UNTIL August 1 we offer all goods at special
reductions to make room for new stock now
ordered. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
A— NICE upright piano, used a few years, J100.
The J. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
$100— FINE large upright; 3 pedals; rosewood
case. 3613 Eighteenth st.
MUSICAL ISSTRUMEXTS.
ABSOLtJTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES'.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs ana
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing: possible done to please and eatisfy the
customer.
ONC Lj-on & Healy upright; fine tone; mod-
ern case $ 90
1 Chase Bros, piano: u.^ed as a sample.
1 fine upright: good tone HO
I nearly ne— Schuman; elegant case 173
THE J. DEWING CO.. Flocd bldg.. 809 Mkt.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In ths world:
old Italian harp: also old violin for sale:
making and rrpatrintr of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
THE WIL.EY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Pest St.;
Hardman, OOBOTCT and other pianos.
SOHMEU _ CO.. Byron Mauzy, Oabier. HarrUl-
ton pianos. 20S Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment 13
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER eale of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STOUAGE, 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Racon and Hallett & D.ivls piano*.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
ML'LLER, maker, repairer. I Latham place.
ONE Steinway, 1 Chickerinsr. J190; installment*
15 to tlO; rent 12 up. HEINE' 9. 138 Ellis at.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos: $5 payment j;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
2Sx6O; FRONT part first floor, *3 Ellis st. ; well
lighted; freight and passenger elevator; rent
nominal.
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rooms In T. M.
C. A. bldg.; all modern Imps.; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well lijhted; 25x110;
rent reasonable. 313 Hayes st.
l'ALMISTUY.
MME. JJeersaard. Pres. St. Germain Colla** at
Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. gig Geary, nr. Jones.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER, to Introduce harmless and lnexpwnu
slve remedy for removing caxaracta, restoring
lost vision and all dlseaaes of the eyes. O.
N. T.. Call office.
PERSONALS.
PARTY who took wron? valise and left thelF
own on train arriving: at Third and Townsecd
sts. at 4:10 p. m. Tuesday. 24th lnst.. ple&sa
return to ticket offlce. Third and Townatnd
ets. depot, and receive their own; it coi*»
tains papers of value to owner only.
G. LEDERER. the popular hairdresser. a«Ua
the best switches for the least money; $1 up;
go and see them. 123 Stockton st.
THE HUDSON RIVER Ca.
HOP_!BRO8.
Mattresses and pillows mad« to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work pi»na<
teed; prices defy competition: toe upholstery.
Phone 6300; factory, S18 end K0 Eleventh it.;
first-class cleaning and dying. 439 Sutter St..
Ban Francisco.
PARALYSIS positively cured: also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases, lung diseases, ossifica-
tion, cancer, consumption, stiff Joints; na
druirs: no knife: consultation free. DR. _. Jv
6TRATTON. 607. 608. 509 Parrott tmlldlny.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to S3 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessto it
LEDERER dresses the hair In tns most elegant
styles for only 25c; try him.
MME. ADA. wonderfully grifted healer. U
Kearny. room 11. curea nervousness, blind-
ness. Blight's disease, rupture- or any ailment.
SUITS to order on Installments; |15 upward;
II a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market it..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER sells Scheffler's Coloring; restore*
the natural color to the hair; 73c bo~
MIPS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
ISO Market st.. second floor, room 37.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothtn* bought St
sold. Sllverman. 934 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
$100 COO TO loan en diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. UXCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
"WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios. a!l descriptions. ZZo Dupont st.
SUITS to ord^r on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to lta natural color, fl; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing-, old »rold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAX'S. LOG Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer, 2o06 Pacific av»..
bPtween Pierre and Scott: phone Stelner 3."31.
PUYS1CIA.\S AXU StlltiEOXS.
DR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
eumed practice at 12f6 Market st.. corner
Taylor: offices IS and 26: take elevator.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
lOilH Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR S.vLE.
FOR sale— $3j00; only one left; 3 sold la 4— eeks;
new. substantial, up-to-date house; contains
parlor, library, dining-room, kitchen. 4 bed-
rooms, dresslngr-room. large reception ha'.!.
billiard room, finished basement, etc.; hand-
somely finished throughout: situated on east
line Clayton st.. near Frederick. JOHM
STIERLEX. owner and builder, on premises;
Ferries, Park and Ocean cars pass the door.
ONLY $K9 each; 2 choice lots on Eleventh ave-
nue between Point Lobos and Clement; ready
for building: all street work done; 23x120;
easy of access: 3 lines of cars; 1400 can re-
main at 8 p*r cent; these lots are very cheap.
W*. J. QUNN. 530 California gt.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or aC
the Mission that you want to sell; then c%U
on W, J. GUNN. 530 California st.
BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE.
J700 — Must b«> sold: price reduced: owner leav-
ing city: 25:6x114; 22d St.. nr. Dolores: street
sewered and graded; ready for building; near
car line: part cash If necessary. Apply owner,
8. H. SMITH. 207 Montgomery st. .
JS3C0 — MODERN S-room house In choice location
on Waller St.. near Pierce, 1 block from
Halght-st. cars; finished with marble steps.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-fla-
lahed basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash.
balance $50 monthly. F. NEL3ON. builder.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ths
United States or Canada one year tor tu
postage paid. _^__^___
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
A BARGAIN: 24 choice building lots: Holly
Park; buy direct from owner. 9 Eddy st.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath: lot SOxlOO: Mis-
sion; easy terms cr vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and best In Amertca-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tna
United States or Canada one year for fl.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — Kor S«l«»
1S7 ACRES No. 1 land. 2 miles from rallro_l
town Alameda County: house, bam. eto.:
well watered; a splendid farm: price reduced,
to $12,000. 11. II. CRANE, 50S California st.
B\RGAIN— 117 acres good land: portion grow-
lne suitar beets; fronts on main countr road.
adjoining town of Plcasanton. Alameda Co.:
must be soM; bank price W3 per acre: might
iSbdlvlde H. If. CRANE. MS California ¦_
VICE little home In town. Alameda County. 28
* miles from this city: extensive poultry housoa
and yards: house for 1000 pigeons: real estate.
personal property, all for $T30. Call at onc%
£03 California st.. room 3.
$30 000 WILL buy a ranch in San Mateo County
of about 500 acres; partially Improved w lt!x
vines and fruits; only 4 miles from a prfncM
pal station. Box KS. Call office.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th«
SOCO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE*
list.. Mere than all other agents In this city.
N. D. PICKKL.S. the land agmt. « Geary st,
$300 INVESTMENT Belvedere Land Co.'s stock;
30 ?1CO shares are offered fur |10 a share.
LAKE & CO.. SO Market sf.
40 ACRES— Palermo: olives, oranges, flgs,
pears; full bearing; a bargain, W. B. JONE3.
9 Front St. «
STOCK and rraln ranch for *Me; Colusa Co.:
1140 acres; J10 per acr»: SCO 'grain, rest hill
land. M. S. CTIANDOM. MaVysvllIe. Ca!.
KOOMS FOIt nOUS—IvKUPlXG. '
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful large room*, with
bath: completely f urnishe 1 for house-
keeping; hot and cold wnter; gas and tele-
phone: flne view; healthy location; In a small
private family; no small children wanted:
rent reasonable. 4231 Twentieth st.. nr. Castro.
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping. Jl SO to *2 iJ
per wk; clrgle and double. $1 to $3 50 per wk.
CLEMENTINA. 31. near Fourth-Sunny house-
keeplng rooms: also single.
EDDY. «O4—2 nicely furr.i-»hed~r^ms: complets
for housekeeping; gaa ar.d running water.
EDDY 917— Nicely furnished sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; splendid location.
FOURTH. 22.V-Housekeeplng rooms from J8 ud\
al.io slr.sie rooms. ?
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House)— Housekeep-
ing nr.s. ; sunny, single rma. : gas. run. water.
HA .! G v HT< I 1 '*— Housekeeping rooms, use of
Kitchen, dining-room, bath; also single room*• — 1 —
Branch HydrograpfJic Office. IJ. S. N.. Mer
chants' Kxchange, San Francisco, Cal ,
July 27. 1900. /
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i.e.; at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p.m.. Greenwich time.
. . C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Coanmanaet, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Rocky Point buoy No. I. a black second-class
can. was established July 14 in forty feet of
water to mark the south side of the entrance
to Dutch Harbor, ©pithead Beacon N by E 4
E. Pinnacle Point (NW tangent). NE % E.
outer end of North American Commercial
Company"s wharf at Dutch Harbor W by S.
By order of the United States Lighthouse
Board. W. P. DAY, .
Commander, U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector.
Thirteenth "District. Portland. Or., July 25,
1900. - ¦'
HARBOR. AMAKNAK ISLAND.
Splthead Beacon, a black and white horizon
tally striped wooden beacon, was established
July 13 on the south end of Splthead, the long
spit on the : north side of the entrance to
Dutch Harbor. Pinnacle' Rock (NW tangent)
NE by E % E, Rocky Point S by W H W ? .
SOUTH SIDE OF ENTRANXE TO DUTCH
1IARROR, AMAKNAK ISLAND.
Notice Is hereby given that the foIJowing
nnmed aids to navigation were established In
Alaska, which affect the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1900:
NORTH SIDE OF' ENTRANCE TO DUTCH
ALASKA
Notice to Mariners.
J. J. ind Adel* M. McKlnnon. Kate 8. Ruf
fino (executrix estate of Louis J. Rufflno) (by
German Savings and Loan Society to C. H.
Ollnger. lot tU block I. Marlon Tract (Hospital
lot); *1O. ¦¦ • ¦ • •¦¦--..;
Anna W. Ellis to Bessie E. Stow, lot on NW
line of Broadway and Baker street, W 40 by N
137:6; $10,000. J
Thomas R. and Annie K. Hobson to Pauline
Nathan, lot on \V line of Steiner street 9S"3
S of Geary. S 22 by W SS (Hamilton Square);
510. ¦ . - ; :
Elizabeth F. and Samuel F. Weeks to South
ern Pacific Railroad Company, lot on NW cor
ner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) street and Pennsyl
vania avenue. N 2«S by W 100; *10.
Easton Mills to William Kahn. lot on XE cor
ner of Prospect place and Tehama street, X 50
by E 80, lots 30 and 31. Cheeseman's Map'Pre
clta Valley lands: $10.
Peter and Hannah Tamony to William and
Hannah Casey, lot on ,W line of Ellsworth
street. 162:6 S of Eugenia, S 37:6 by W 70, lots
22<» and 231, Gift Man 1: J10.
Carrie and Daniel Claussen to Louts Levy
lots 25 and 26. Holliday Map A; $10.
Ida A. Tripp to same, same; JS. ;•:>
Leonore A. and Louis A. Souc to John and
Emma C. Hunter, lot on S line of Seventeenth
street, 100 W of Dolores. W 25 by S 98:8; $10.
Mary E. Slevine (wife of Thomas B.), Annie
A. O'Brien (wife of John J.)'and JohTl'W. and
Rosetta G. Pierce to Anne Pierce (widow), Int
on S line cf Henry street. 203 W of Noe, W
28 by S 115; $10.
Fiore dl Vecchio to Cecile dl Vecchlo (wife),
lot on SW corner of Army and Church streets,
S 50 by W SO: gift.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Frank W. En
gel lot on S line of Twenty-ninth street, 54:7
E of Douglass, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Georee H. and Antoinette W. Howard to
Christian Froelich. lot on NE line of Second
ftreet, 74 XW of Howard. NW 22 by NE 75;
Oil'.a Kearney to Samuel A. Morgan, lot on
BW "line of Essex 6treet. 1S8 XW of Harrison.
NW 25 by SW 87:6; S10.
Samuel A. Morgan to Catherine Morgan,
tame; clft. -••»¦.'.:>-•-'.."
Attlilo and Mercedes Moretti and Bernard
and Glo\-anna Trezzinl to John DIellng. lot on
NW line of-Tehama street. 200 XE of Sixth,
XE 25 by XW 75; $10.
Alice E. Thain to Alexander Thaln. lot on W
line of Gough street. 30 N of O'Farrell, N 27
by W 137:6; also lot on X line of* Page street,
i:,6:3 E of Cole. E 25 by X 137:6; gift.
Edward and Fanny R. Barnett to Anna T.
Ohm (wife of William F.). lot on S line of Ful
ton street, Sl:3 W of Lyon. W 25 by S 100; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Isaac
Anderson, lot on W line of Stelner street,
2P3:6 S of Waller, S 22:6 by W 91:3, lot 17, block
1, Marlon Tract (Hospital lot); $10.
Gideon M. and Addle V. Freeman to George
P. Allen, lot on XE line of Dore (Caroline)
street, 95 SE of Folsom. SE 27 by NE 85; $10.
Wallace M. Cowie and Carrie I*. Dicks (trus
tees of the estate of Emma L. Cowie) to Sarah
A Dick, lot on E line of Dolores street, 151 S
of Twenty-first, S 32 by E 117:6; J2196.
¦Wallace M. Cowie, Carrie L. Dick. Delia S.
Cornwell and Haute . U. Melghan to same,
came; ST..
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. July 27—4 p. m
Bld.Ask. !
Alpha 05 07;
Alta 05 07;
And*s 04 05|
Belcher 15 16
Best & Belcher 20 21
Bullion 02 03
Caledonia 71 73;
Chollar 14 15*
Challenge Con.. 13 13
Confidence 65 70
Con Cal & Va.l 45 1 50
Con Imperial .. — 01
Con New York. — 03
Eureka Con .. — 60
Crown Point... 12 H
Exchequer — 02
Gould & Curry. 21 22
Hale & Norcrs 20 22
Julia — 01
Bld.Ask.
Justice 07 OS
Kentuck — 01
Lady Wash 02 03
Mexican 15 17
Occidental ..... 07 0?
Ophir 66 67
Overman 07 09
Potosi 12 14
Savage 11 12
Scorpion 02 —
Seg Belcher 02 03
Sierra Xevada.. 25 26
Silver Hill .... 62 63
St Louis _ is
Standard 4 10 4 50
Syndicate 07
Union Con 19 20
Utah OS 09
Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Home Oil 470
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninc Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.l 50/ 100 Ophlr 67
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 05
400 Best & Belcher 21
100 Best & Belcher 20
400 Gould & Curry 22
200 Mexican 16
V") Occidental 07
100 Overman 08
250 Savage. 12
600 Silver Hill 54
200 Union Con .... 19
500 Yellow Jacket.. 21
The following were the sales In th« Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
300 Alta ....: OBI 200 Savage 12
1000 Justice 0S|
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 04
400 Belcher 15
200 Best & Belcher 21
300 Chollar 14
600 Con Cal & V.I 474
500 Crown Point... 13
500 Justice OS
900 Ophlr fig
300 Savage u
200 Savage n
200 Sierra Nevada. 25
200 Silver Hill .... S3
500 Utah 05
700 Yellow Jacket.. 20
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
250 Honokaa 31 50
10 Oakland Gas 49 75
25 Oceanic P S Co.: 93 00
1<X» Onomea Sugrar Co 26 50
60 Pacific Gas Imp 51 no
25 S G Gas & Electric Co 53 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co * 53 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 .10
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co f4 00
20 S F Gaa & Electric Co 81 2.i
20 S F Gas & Electric Co B4 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 75
65 8 F Gaa *: Electric Co, 53 00
5 S V Water 94 75
2C0 Vlgorit 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Alaska Packers* Assn 11" 50
25 Alaska Parkers" Assn 117 00
200 Honokaa S Co 3150
25.HuU?hinson S P Co..-. 23 00
40 Pacific Gas Imp 60 75
10<i S F Gas & Electric Co.... 65 fO
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 50
135 S F Gas & Electric Co. 54 62^4
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 75 "
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 54 R7U
10 S F Gas Sz. Electric Co 54~ftJ> 2
SO S F Gas &. Electric Co 64 25
30 S V Water , 94 124
Street—
45 Bank of California 410 00
30 Honokaa S Co 31 50
SOS V Water 94 37»4
100 Vlgorit Powder 325
OCEAX STEAMERS,
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 27— Stmr Colum
bia, for New York.- -
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived prior to July 27—
Stmr Warnmoo, from Vancouver, via Honolulu
and Brisbane. - .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 27— Stmr Cmy
ric. from New York, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 27— Stmr Tauric.
for Xew York.. - -
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 25— Stmr City, of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
NAXAIMO-Salled July 28— Stmr San Mateo,
for San Francisco. _
•APIA— Arrived June*ll-Schr Eliza Miller,
hence May 11. June IS— Schr Webfoot. hence
May 12, and sailed June 2S for Tonga. June 23—
Schr Lillebonne, hence May 16.
? NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed June 9— Schr W
H Talbot, for Honolulu. June 14— Br ship Flint
shire, for San Francisco; schr Wm Bowden and
bark Sea King, for v llonolulu. June 13 — Br ship
Republic, for Honolulu. June 15— Br .ship
Strathdon, for San ICrancisco. June IS* — Ship J
B Brown, for Honolulu.- June 25— Bktn Benl
cla, for Kihel; Br bark Holliswood, for Hono
lulu. June 29— Schr Columbia, for Mahukona.
July 1— Ship Invincible and Br ship Dechnlont,
for Honolulu.
In port July 4— Bark Abby Palmer. Br bark
Dominion, ship Euterpe, ship Great Admiral.
Xor bark Stjorn. tot Honolulu; Br ship Falk
land, for San Diego: Fr bark Amlral Troudp,
Ft bark Chas Gounod. Br ship Fannie Kerr, Fr
bark Fervaal. Br ship James Kerr. Br Ship
Osborne, Br ship Springbank. for San Fran-
Cisco.
Chartered to load— Br bark Adderly. Br ship
Drumburton. Br ship Perseverance. Xor bark
Prince Victor, for Honolulu; bktn Wrestler, for
Kahului: Ger bark Anna, Fr bark Brenn, Br
ship Celtlcburn. Br ship Crocodile, Br ship
Duehalbunv F"r bark Jacques. Br ship KIstna.
Fr bark La Fontaine. Fr bark I-amorlciere. Br
ship Port Crawford. Br ship Sokoto. ship Star
of France, ship Star of ¦ Russia. Fr bark St
Anne, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Stmr Sunoi. Green. .
Stmr Orizaba. Shea. Eureka.
F»mr Fouth Coa*t, Olsen. — .
Tug Fearless. Brokaw, Honolulu.
Rark Albert. Griffith. Honolulu.
Bktn Retriever, Ploane. Port Hadlock.
"Barge- Santa Paula, Nlplsen, San Pedro.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray. Oisen. Ivorsens landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOROS, July 27. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind BW. \-elocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN'.
July 24. lat 41 43 N. Ion 123 33 W— Schr Ida
Schnauer, hence July 15, for Port Gamble.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWEXS LANDING-Arrived July 27— Schr
Newark, hence July 26; schr Mary Etta, hence
July 25.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 26 — Stmr Cottage
City, from Skacuay.
Sailed July 26— Stmr Excelsior, for Kodlak;
stmr Willamette, for San Francisco; stmrs
Despatch and Nome City, for Nome; Nor stmr
Kvarven, for St Michael. I
Arrived July 27— Stmr Ruth, from Skapuay.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived July 27-Stmr
Despatch, from Seattle.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 17— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru. hence July 10: bktn Skairit. from
Port Gamble ; bktn S N Castle, hence July 4.
July IS— Br stmr Moana. hence July 11; Br stmr
Hloemfonteln. from Tacoma. July 19 — Schr
Bertie Minor, from Eureka. July 20— Stmr Ala
meda. from Sydney.
Sailed July 17— Schr Serena Thayer, for Port
Townsend; schr Maria E Smith, for Port Town
send: Jap stmr Nippon Maru, for Yokohama:
Ger bark Solide, for Royal Roads. July 18— Br
stmr Moana, for Sydney. July 1!>— Ship I F
Chapman, tor New York; ship Chas E Moody,
for Port Townsend; bark Oregon, for Port
Townsend; Br stmr Bloemfonteln, for Mel-
COOS BAT— Arrived July 27— Schrs Emma
Utter and General Banning, hence July 8.
Sailed July 27— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco. ' .
BANDON— Arrived July 27— Schr Coqullle,
hence July 8.
EUREKA— Arrived July 27-Schr Lottie Car
son, from Newport; schr Esther Buhne, hence
July 13; schr Del Norte, from Coos Bay.
Sailed July 27— Stm» Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 27— Schr Sadie,
fram Umpqua; bktn. Northwest, from Olympla.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 27— Br, stmr Robert
Adamson, for Xanalmo.
ASTORIA-Salled July.27-Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco—
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 27— Stmrs Noyo
and National City, hence July 26. ,
NEWPORT— Arrived July 27— Stmr Fulton,
from Eureka. . .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 27— Stmr
GR Z AYS HARBOR-Arrlved July 27-Pchr
Lizzie Vance, hence July 12.
CLEARED.
Friday. July 27.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San T>iego;
Ooodall. Perkins & Co.
Ktmr Orizaba, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Ger stmr Abydos. Carstena. Hamburg, etc; J
D Snreckeln & Bros Co.
Bark Albert. Griffith, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co. :
- SAILED.
Friday. July 27.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, A5tnria.
Ptmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Xorth Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Inland. Santa Cruz.
Friday. July 27.
Schr James A Garfleld. Lewis, 6 days from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Sunol, Green, 63 hours from San Pedro.
S'mr W H Kruger, Krog. 46 hours from San
Pedro. . .
U S *tmr Warren. ' Pierce, 27 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
XT S Btmr Rosecrans. Dobson. 3 days from
Seattle.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 7 days from Co
qullle niver. !
Schr Daisy Rowe, Nyman, 6 days from Coos
Bay.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
* '— #
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
n H McCallum, N Y
W Chinn, N Y
II R Lester. N Y
Mrs M Rose. Los Ang
E P Smith. Stocklfcn
R Williams. Novato
Mrs Williams, NovatD
J King. Sacramento
W Harris. Madera
H" C Johnson, Tulare
F S Pareto, Cal
JT V Robeson, Neb
R Shannon, Iowa
G Manson, Honolulu
J J Rlordan, Portlar.d
J Herman, Stockton
G C Hook, Sydney
G McGulre. Sydney
T Lake, Sydney
M Fairbanks, Ukiah
Mrs Fairbanks. Ukiah
W H McDonald. Texas
G E Sullivan, Arizona
W R Halle, Wash
F II Buck. Vacavllle
J G Coffin. Stanford
M Eichelbam, New Zld
B R Beaie. Botson
II Wood ham & w,
Auckland
Miss Goodfellow, Auck
land
H B Clark. USA
K B Coe. Denver
M Gaskam. London
Mrs J J Nestell. N Y
R J Nestell. N Y
F P Lord, Boston
M Kahn. Phlla
W H Flsk. Chicago
W S McClellan, Phlla
M Carey. Buffalo
W VanArdale, Cal
T Whltfleld, England
F P Watson. Sacto
G Kerwsn. Balto
J P Smith, Ltvermor*
G J Denis. L Ana
S» Oppenhelmer, N Y
O' Freman. Chicago
E W Dodse. Mass
J S Dunlap. Sydney
Mrs Dunlap, Sydney
Miss Dunlap, Sydney
PALACE HOTEL.
E G Wood, Los Ang
T C Johnston & w.Cal
W P Frick, Eldorado
M F Dunphy, Portland
W J Harris, Visalia
H Casey. Sacramento
W Llndgren & w, H I
Mrs L Roland, Hono
lulu
Ruth Roland, Honolulu
J Wolfram, Tulare
F B Abbe, San Juan
« H Maatlck, Alameda
II Frank, Berkeley 9
H J Werner. Oakland
C I Wright. Alameda
T L Reed & w. Reedly
R J3 Butler. Fresno
C S Thompson. L Ang
G F Dltzler. Brlggs
C Llnderman & w, la
Miss L Gamble, N Y
Miss H Gamble. N Y
W D Crirhton, Fresno
Mildred Tlege, Ariz
W P Thomas & w, Cal
T W Hawklng.Hollister
Mrs T B Elder. Seattle
Mr* C R Hoppln. Yolo
O E Williams, Ukiah
R B Burns. Los Ang
Q B Cash. Los Ang
li Holllster, Courtland
Miss M Erneny. Cal
II Hayes, Hllo
D C Bonault, Wash.
D C
F "al Smith, Wash, DC
S P Cavanagh, Olema
C T Atwood. Stockton
A Stelger, Vacavllle
M J Silvia. Vacavllle
S S Holi. Sacramento
J Phair, Cal
W A Sleei), Grass Val
Mrs Peele, Canada
O E Skiff. Chicago
O A Rltan. Portland
E P Livingston, Portld
J B Sanford, Ukiah
T CTly, Napa
B Fly Napa
R B Lewis. Andalusia
H E Barber & vr, Cal
W S Dreypolcher, Cal
Miss T Freeman. Cal
E Oppenhelmer & w.
Florin
E M Cox. Santa Rosa
Mrs W Quart. Seattle
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey— !
Times and . Heights . of High and Low j
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San '
Francisco Bay. Published by offlcial au- !
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at '
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about i
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point, j
the height of tide Is the same a both places. ,
SATURDAY. JULY 2S.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tl^
and the last or right hand column gives thp
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the 6oundlngs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sigif (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the dt»pth given by the charts. The plane nf
reference if the mean of the lower low water*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
W. H. Talbot < owner) with James F. Logan
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell— All
work except glass, glazing, luxfer prisms,
trimming hardware, painting and varnishing for
alterations and additions to frame dwelling of
two stories, basement and attic on lot on XE
corner of Jackson and Scott streets, 26SO Jack
son street; $1424. < .
Flora Van Den Berjrh (guardian of estate of
Julia Van Den Bergh. incompetent) (owner)
with J. W. Hansbrough and J. M. Robertson
(contractors), architect Ralph W. Hart — All
work for a two-story and basement frame flat
building on lot on W line of Leavenworth
Ftreet. 137:6 S of Bush. W 90:6, S 22:2, E 90:6,
X to beginning: $5043.
Builders' Contracts.
Hallet K. H. Mitchell to Clarence K. Bar
man, lot on X line of B street. 63:9 E of Fif
teenth avenue, E 63:9 by X 96; $10.
Samuel J., James M., Thomaslne V., Eliza
M. and William J. Eva to Southern Pacific
Railroad Co.. lot on W line of Iowa street, 125
S of Klehteenth (Polano). S 75 by W 100: also
lot on S line of Nineteenth (Butte), 67 W of
Iowa, W 33. S 99.25, N.E 104.59; $10.
Estate of James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus,
T. G; Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow. execu
tors) to. Union Iron Works, lot on XW corner
of Butte and Delaware streets. X 400 by W 2Qo;
$45,000.
Charles L. Fair to 6ame, game, quitclaim
deed ; $10. . \vi
Theresa A. Oelrichs (Fair) to same. same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Virginia Vanderbilt (Fair) to same, same,
quitclaim deed: $10.
Mary and Jules A. Harder to John Duane. lot
on N line of Twenty-first street, 95 E of Fol
som. E 25 by N T 110; $10.
John Gualman to Frederick QuaJman. undi
vided V- of lot on TV line of Douglass street.
151:6 X of Elizabeth. - X 25 by W 100, lot 99.
Heyman Tract; $1000.
H. M. Covert, commissioner) to William Crock
er, lot on E line of Church street, 235 N of Fif
teenth. X 50 by K 125: $4000. I
THE SAN, FKANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, JULY 28, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
13
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Sun rises 5:03
Sup gets 7:22
Moon 8?ts 8:10 p. m.
O Time Time Time ITimel
f Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
* r. w - h w l. w . h w
28 ... 6:26 0.0 1:29 5.2 6:41 2.5 j....
H W L W H W L"W|
S9 ... 0:42 5.0 6:56 0.5 2:01 5.2 7:29! !.(
30 ... 1:29 4.6 7:23 1.0 2:32 6.? S:1T| 2.2
31 ... 2:1S 4.2 7:55| 1.4 3:02 5.1 9:061 M
1 ... 3:CS 3.8 8:26| 1.9! 3:32 5.0 9:59| ,1.9
2 ... 4:131 3.61 9:00j 2.3i 4:07) 5.11 lQT:.-.?' l.fi
3 ... 6:30| 3.4| 9:44| 2.6| 4:41| 5.1| ll:59j 1.3
Steamer.
From.
Due
— 1 ¦ ¦ I
Empire Coos Bay... July 23
Kureka Humboldt July 23
Coos Bay Newport July 2"?
Curacao Mexico IJuly M
Victoria Oyster Harbor I July 2S
W. H. Kruger.. Fan Pedro July 2?
Del Norte Portland July !$
Mackinaw Seattle July 20
State r-t Cal Portland July i"«
San Mateo Nanalmo July 30
Czarina Oyster Harbor July 30
Willamette Seattle July 33
Orizaba Humboldt July 30
Ar^ata Coos Bay July 30
Corona San Diego Julv t»
Walla Walla.... Victoria July 31
City of Sydney. New York July 31
Bonlia .' Newport Aug. 1
Progreso Tacoma Auk. 1
Waehtenaw Tacoma Aug. 1
North Fork .... Humboldt Aug. 2
Crescent City... Crescent City Auk. 2
Orace Dollar Grays Harbor I Aug. 2
Santa Rosa San Dietro lAng. 3
Columbia Portland [Aujr. 3
City of Peking. China and Japan lAug. 3
Point Arena Point Arena lAusr. S
Sun rises 5:03
Sup gets 7:22
Moon 8?ts 8:10 p. m.
O Time Time Time ITimel
f Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
* r. w - h w l. w . h w
28 ... 6:26 0.0 1:29 5.2 6:41 2.5 j....
H W L W H W L"W|
S9 ... 0:42 5.0 6:56 0.5 2:01 5.2 7:29! !.(
30 ... 1:29 4.6 7:23 1.0 2:32 6.? S:1T| 2.2
31 ... 2:1S 4.2 7:55| 1.4 3:02 5.1 9:061 M
1 ... 3:CS 3.8 8:26| 1.9! 3:32 5.0 9:59| ,1.9
2 ... 4:131 3.61 9:00j 2.3i 4:07) 5.11 lQT:.-.?' l.fi
3 ... 6:30| 3.4| 9:44| 2.6| 4:41| 5.1| ll:59j 1.3
Steamer.
From.
Due
— 1 ¦ ¦ I
Empire Coos Bay... July 23
Kureka Humboldt July 23
Coos Bay Newport July 2"?
Curacao Mexico IJuly M
Victoria Oyster Harbor I July 2S
W. H. Kruger.. Fan Pedro July 2?
Del Norte Portland July !$
Mackinaw Seattle July 20
State r-t Cal Portland July i"«
San Mateo Nanalmo July 30
Czarina Oyster Harbor July 30
Willamette Seattle July 33
Orizaba Humboldt July 30
Ar^ata Coos Bay July 30
Corona San Diego Julv t»
Walla Walla.... Victoria July 31
City of Sydney. New York July 31
Bonlia .' Newport Aug. 1
Progreso Tacoma Auk. 1
Waehtenaw Tacoma Aug. 1
North Fork .... Humboldt Aug. 2
Crescent City... Crescent City Auk. 2
Orace Dollar Grays Harbor I Aug. 2
Santa Rosa San Dietro lAng. 3
Columbia Portland [Aujr. 3
City of Peking. China and Japan lAug. 3
Point Arena Point Arena lAusr. S
SATLBOAD TBAVEL.
I 9.410.8
I
Means 9 a. m. to go clear
toChicagoorKansasCity;
4:J0 p.m. to go to Stock-
ton, and 8 p. m. for Fresno
; or Bakersfield.
i Sleepers to sleep inand
chairs to recline in and a
diner to eat in on the Over-
land Express. They'll tell
all about it at 62S Market
st., or in our office, Ferry
Depot.
t<j5 tj5 «£§6
¦ .
SANTA FE TRAINS.
i
i
i
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
~:;Ti GO CO C=^
m m . =i in
~' 1 i " DESTINATION. ? g ?Zo
i!§->. : 6 : 25
¦ a.g~. • • cia
p 9:00 alLv San Krandsco Ar 6:00 p! 8:00 a
11:05 p 12:36 p Ar Stockton Lv 2:30 pj 4:40 a
1:18 a 2:42 p " Merced " 12:Z6p 2:49 a
3:05 a 4:33 p " Fresno " 10:30 a 1:00 a
7:06 a 5:48 p " Hanford " 8:31 a 7:55 p
4:50 a 6:1S p '• Visalia " 8:35 a 11:24 p
5:1(1 a 6:40 p "" Tulare " 8:15 a 11:05 p
7:30 a 8:53 p " Bakersfleld " 6:00 ai 9:00 p
5:15 pf" Kansas City " 10:50 a]
7:40 a|" Chicago " 10:00 p[
Stock- \ Stock-
ton ton
Daily. Dally.
I 4:10 p'Lv San Francisco Arlll:20a
I 7:15 pjAr Stockton Lvj 8:15a
kwiitiikkn t'Aviirkv «ohuist.
(rAciric stiitcm.)
Tralai !•»*« nail nro •!¦••> to nrrii* »¦
WAN FIIANL'IfK'O.
(Main Lir.o, Foot of Market Street)
iiatk — From July 15. 1900. — aiuti
•7:OOa Bfiiici». Suiaun. Elmira. V»ca»Ul«,
RumaeT »i»l Sacramento *7i4Sp
•TiOOa Shsrta Expreas-Daris. WilliamsJIfoi
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Red
I.luB. rorum& »7:43r
•7:3O a Martiuez. San Uainon. VallaJo. Napa.
Csllstoga and Santa Uoia *G:13r
*8:00a Darls, Woodland. Knights Lsndic*.
M»rjs»ille, Oro?llle *7:l5p
•MiOOa Atlantic Kipreai— Ogden and East *11:«."J*
•Milio* San Joae, Li'ermure, Htocktou
Inue. Sacrarneuto. Flae«i>ille>,
MarysTille, Chico. KeiTIMulT Mil.ir
•«:3Va Okkdale, Chinese ((or Yosemite).
Honora Carters *lil.1p
•»:»»« Haywards. Nile* and Way Sutlon*. »l liISi
*U:»V« Loa Angelea Ezpresii — Martinez,
Tracj, Latbrop. mock ton, Merced
•ud Fretuo *6il.">p
•U:UOa Vall.-Jn. Martinez and Way Stations '3:4V
•lOsttOt The OTerlautl Liinited— Ogden. V»u-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago *3il3r
•II:OOa NH-b. LiTermorr. Htocktoo. Sacrft-
meuto, Mendota. ilauford. Vlaalla,
I'ortenille # lil3r
•I a h Haywardi. Niles and Way Buttons. *2:45p"
tl:»l>F.M»crameuto Uiter Steamern f3:OOA
•:t:«M»p Ilayward*. Nilra and Way Htatlocs. •3:4.tp
MtUOr Martinez, Han Uainon. Vallejo,
Napii. t'al'";. it. Manta Ko«» *tf:IDi
•lio«p Kenicla. Winters, Naaramento,
U'ooillana, KnUMs l.%oding,
-f* ? M«jjs»Ute. Orarlll* MttlSt
• I :»(»p Nlles, San Joie and Stockton *7:l3r
# .1:OOpThe Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
B.ikiTsiidil. Haugus for Suit* Bar-
bara. I .»¦! Angelea *9:43a
•3:OOp Fresno Passenger— Martinez, Lath-
rop. Stock too. Marred. Berenda
(lUymond for Vcsemite). Kreiuo.. a l3il3p
•.1:»»p New Orleans Eipress-IUkerslield.
.Smit* Unrlora, I.o-< Angelea. Dem-
ing. El Paso. New Orleans and
Kast > ••:«¦¦»»
¦HMMIp HsvnardR, Nile* and Han Jos« *~: !¦¦>»
t«:O«r V»flejo Mi:15r
•O:O«r Oriental Mall— Ocden, Cheyenne.
; • Omaha. Chicago M 1:1.1 4
•«l:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaba.. Qiimgo. *4il3p
JTiOOp Vsllrjo, Pyrt Costs snd Way Sta-
tions ' t»:3»r
•9:»3r Oregon and California Kxinr*s*.Nae-
rui.in.l... Murjn.llii-. Itmldlng,
Portf^n.!. Pnget .So,,,.,! ami llut «»;I3a
COAST DIVISION (Nnrron <-niicr).
(Foot «if Mwrkct Street.)
Jl :43a Haata Cruz Excursiroi (or .Santa
Cruz and 1'rincipal Way .Stations t*:03p
*8:ISa Nemrk.tViitertllie.Saii. Jose, Frl ton,
licul(I»r Otek.&anta Crur and Way
Station* •6:2»r
f3:l.1p Newark, Ceuteriille, 8.111 Jo««, New
Almaden, Frltou, ItouMer Creek,
Santa ('rax and Principal Way
Stations •Iwi.IOa
"MSp Newark, Situ Jose. Los Gatos t*i»»A
at:l3pQlenwood. Felton. Santa Craz cS:5«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrooSiS raiNOiSCa— fjit *t Harlcst Sln«t(Sli>S)—
*718 U:00 11:00a.M. 11:33 *2::3 13:33
M-C3 t!:CO •6:33p.m.
rrefflOHUND— rislsrBrotdwsT.— 'n.00 8:10 10:00*. m.
t!2:03 '1:33 »:03 «3:S3 11:83 '3:53r.M.
COAST DIVISION (IJroart Hangr).
(Third and ToMnaend Stu.)
tt}:li»* Ocean View, South fan Francisco.. |U:i*Up
t?:O»A Kan .lose and Way Sutl..iin (New
Ahuaden Wednesdays unly) ...... *l:aop
JT:ao» Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Paciflo Grove and
Principal Way Stations {f :S3p
•U:OO* Hitn Jon, Trr* Piitus. Hanta Cruz,
Pacitin Orofe. I'aan Itnhlrs. Han
T.uis <)lii«pn. Hnrt. Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations •4«ll»p .
•IOiIOa Rao Jnse and Way Stations ¦BiX-Ia
¦lliIUU Sati.loiie.LosUaXstnilWajr^tatlons -•SiUOp
t«:l3rSan Mateo. ltrdwood, MenloTark.
Palo Alto, Haota Clara. Sin .li.se.
Tres Piuos. Hanta Crna, Salinas,
Moutereyaud Pacific firore IIOiSflA
f:i:Sl»p »an Jose and Way Stations <?:3l>p
? I:1.-»p San Jose au.l Principal Way Stations ¦U:43l
t^:OOpSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station faiOOA
•3i3Or Sau.lose and Principal VTay Stations |":35a
•H.-UOp San Joae and WayStations f»:»»A
6ll:45p San Jose and Way Stations «7;3l>p
A fot Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Dally. t Munday eicepted. I Sunday only
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto ferry.
Corr.menclnr Appil 22. 1900.
FROM BAN FRAN'CISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, •»:*>. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12M5. "1:45. 3:15. 4:15, «:13. o:4i> p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. . ¦
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:00. •10:00. 11:00. H:J»
a. m.; 12:45, »l:S0, 1:30. 'a^S. 5:00. «:00. 7:l»
p. rn. " --i'
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN JRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. T:5O/S:40. »1»:15 a.
m.; 12:30. 1:15. 2:13. «3:30. 4:M. 5:30 p. m. i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneadayt) !
and Saturdays at *C:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »S:CO, *9:50. 'lliOOa. m.; *lZ;t9 I
m. : 1:00. 2:13. 4:30. *J:4S. 6:45. 7:30. 19:M j
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FltOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:13. 6:45. 8:00. S:5a. 10:13 a,
m.; 12:55. 1:43. 3:42. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDAYS-6:35. 3:C5. 10:05. 11:10 a. ra.: 12:1K
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:05, 10:30 p. rn.'
THROUGH TRAINS. - ./ '
7:00 a. m. week daya — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
S:15 p. ra. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. !
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and. wij \
stations. ._:,**:".
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry: |
WEEK DAYS....9:S0 a. m., 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9, 10. 11 a. m., 1:30. 2:30 p. m. I
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. SI 43. I
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEX
f "^k r< Lp^fr° n ' s Dispensary,
A* W^i *>2«"> K E a ex If ST. Established
SriC ln • S 3»lorthetr->a!rnpntcf Private
YsSJLi*. JSw I'iseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
KjKjKgtfBjn disease rearing 011 bodyand mind and
•t?*?*!* r-?1 >kin i )Ia: > aa «'S- '''hf doctorcureswheii
»?Cr5^^3 othersfl1 "- lr >- him. Charp«»iovi-
t<>CS4i!iA9rfa<'Hi'o«BHHranleet. Callorwrit*
Dr. a. V. «iIBBO3i. Box ltt.17. San Franciaco
Weekly Call, %\ per Year
rllOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
H tYEfi. «'•!— Furnished or ur.furn:sh«l Fur.ny
I ™e; rr-a finable.
; '\VAK1>. ~M. c. rr.cr Third— Nicely furnl.=he>l
sur.ny rwrns for housfkeeping; also o'.her
r-">tn»: reas'inable.
H iWARD. i«3V4- : tiuaTjy complttely fumlshel
houM-Kt'pj.ir.? rocms; alao cthrrs.
HVI.'E. US— Sunny fr?nt parlor suite; complete
for hiiiy^kfypir:^: front bas^tn^nt suite, $16.
IVY nxr.. ".41, near Hayts and Franklin— Par-
I'-r fM\'", taralthefl; dnk. etove; $14.
McALLlSTKR, XZ%—Z nicely furnished tunny
front ro^n.F; f=itik. ranee, bath. laun<^jr; $IX
2 NICE lar?f rooms: sur.ny ar.d well fur-
r.^n^d for hcniFekecpirg. *4*. Mission pt.
>TOK. K-Z— : pleasant front foomr; pas range;
*oldin*r t>ed; In a modem flat: 32; north MKt.
OAK. 12. Junction of Market and Van Ness eve.
— Sunry housekeeping roocia.
*'A.K. US— I^anre sur.ny room: closet: furriish^d
for housf Keeping: $S; smaller rcr-rns. i r j.
OAK. 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
hr.usg**f*r<lng. S10. •
OTTAVIA, 1403, "cor. Gearj— 3 bay- windows; 1
$10. 2 JU>; gas Ftove; complete for hskeepir.g.
O'FARRliLU 129A— Two completely furnished
fUTiry housekoe;.inp room?.
1V>1.K. COS — Two sunny, clean, cor.nTtirnj par-
lor?: running water; Ught housekeeping.
POWELL. 1401— 2 cr S large sunny rooms: ccr.-
n^cttd with kitcten; e-*s and bath: for house-
loeeplng.
RXTCH, 2U. bet. Pryant and Brannan— Three
furrjshfd rooms .for housekeeping: rent SS.
51'TTER. 407 — Three fiynished or unfurnished
robins for hous^keepinjf.
CLA?^IF1KI) K4vertiscxnenta and subscrlptlcm
rerehed at Lranch office. 22*0 FiUmore st.
A RRA.VCII cfee for Call advertieements »nd
rabeeripticaa hu j been establlshtd at li'SS Va-
ler.cia «t.
KOUMI Ti» LKV I'nrn. t.ti.l Inforn.
A— BRCN6WICK HOUSE. J<s PixTh— Rooms
•S<! v V pet r'Kht. Jl 2S to J" r^r week, and
'. gill h b> ¦¦> : r.c: open all iiight.
3 ¦¦< REMIA,2M Post— Finest sunny suites In city
for 'amil.es an<l srenTlerr.en ; all conveniences;
Eppcia] acccunnuflatloM fcr tourist?.
r.I'RVKTT. U% Market st. »o!d No. lS«l)-F«r-
?. ¦ ' .< •' rrrs.. Finple: aiso cr.furnlshe-d.
BT PH E30 -SCIeely furn. sunny rooms; tl 60 to $7
v.k: % to Jl W night. MRS P. RAXFT.
ELLIS. SS't— Large frcnt and Lack parlors; ean-'
ny; suitable for physician or dentist.
Kl.LlS, C39. cor. I^arkin— Sunny furnished room
fcr :. U ii'lir.B livd. Weistach.
F' !..^M. WS. .-or. Cth .'The Oliver)— N'ewly fur-
DisJte4 tun-y n:.s. F!riKl» cr suites; reasonable.
GEAnr. «05 <Th? Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; EUlte« or sir;e>: travelen acco'dated.
GKAP.V. 12'~ (entrance on Giuchi- Newly fur-
r;?h*.! runr.y frfTit r-.t^m : reasr>niibie.
GRANT' sril.'THIcn.V. southeast corner Seventh
and Milton ets.— Sunny room?, en suite or
single: ladles' rarlcr; readiny-room: elevator.
HAWTHORKE. 52, he!»«n f=»er.nd and Third.
cT! V.r>v<>r>i— A iarce front l>ay window room
• dc or two gentlemen; JS: private.
j;<">Tj:T. FrsnciFcn-Flfeani suites: single; tran-
• • t. »>ath». MRS. KING. Turte ar.d Taylor.
Hi 'WARD. SO— Rooms from fl week up to $5;
Se V tl nicht; also housekeoping rooms.
VOVCA.RO. SSS. cor. €th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: reasonable ; by day. week or month.
1'ASON, -19. near cor. O'Farrell— New, clean
rocrr.s ar.d clean bed.6; 60c to fl per day; qul^t.
I.'irtVLY furr-lshea rr>on-.»; mr. ail day; «lr.gla
or en suite; strictly private family; refer-
ences. Box 3441. Call office.
O'FARRELL. DO— Sur.ny furnished rooms and
offices: elevatcr; electric lights; <Ja>-. wk.. mo.
I"OTVELL. 121 — Light, clean m«. ; suites or aln-
F>: tmrsient; running water; rates reduced.
P.OSEDALE House. X1J ar.d E21 Ellis St.— Rooms.
r..ght I5c to $1. week tl T5 to S4; open night.
P.OTAL HOUSE. 12# Ellis et.— Incandescent
light: readlrig-room, eraoklng-roora ar.d ladles'
raricr; rooms, per Right. Soc to tl CO; week. $2
to $S; month SS to J2S; elevator on office floor;
rocirj with not and cold water; t>a.ths.
SACRAMENTO. 64>— Neat furnished rooms;
private family; $1 ee4 upward.
FACRAMFNTO. 1F.14. between Hyde and Lar-
kln — A clean, nicely furnished room; appre-
ciated If seen.
SAN ANTONIO— Up to date fireproof buildlag;
electric elevator; stearn r»d;atcrs: saJt sea
baths: ruites and rln^Ie irx>me; &ppreciated
when seen; popular prices. 21 Taylor st.,
near Market.
EHEEMAX Apartment House. :g Eighth St..
n«>ar Market— Furnished er unfurnished.
ET7TTEB. t:3C— 1 cr J large frcr.t rooms for j
ttudlo or office; gas; call after 6 p. m.
TF.HAMA. SI7 — Two r.1r^!y furnished rooms; J
rvr.t cheay.
THE OAKP, 11? Third— A go^d r<x>ming house I
for rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
<"LASSIFIEI> advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office. 1200 Fillmore st. j
A BRANCH crf.ee for Call advertisements and j
F'jbsT'.ptior.t has been established at 1096 Va-
ROOMS AND BO\RD.
HnTEL^S-jth^rirr.drT^l Butter st.: choice loca" |
tlon; sunny rooms with board; first-class with j
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive Interior ajid table. S?7 California st.
I.AF PALMAf, l c :o Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
O'FARRELL. 741. near Hyde— Board, with or
' without furnished room.
k ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
TALL et n-wra Ttrr.tir.g Arency. «1!-61» Exam-
iner i-uil^lr.c. If you want to rent rooms.
rooms wasted;
THREE nary, ri^asant rooms: comfortably ]
furr.i«hed f.-.r 3 ndults; north of Market: rea- ]
son&Me rpr.t; references. Room 212, Claus i
Frrf^k^ls buil.iirc. |
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
PEPT starr.r photos ar.d buttons on earth, i
r»ORF.. I3&0 Itarket St.. above Jonei«.
ROOMS t'B r^'f-d from J3; whitened. {1 up; !
ra'.rt'.r.z fionc. Hsrtman Faint Co.. 319 Thirl. ¦
BAD tenants ejected fcr J4: -collections made; '
«-ity or roontfT. PACIFIC COLLECTION !
CO.. 4K- Mrntecrnery Ft.. r<v>ms 8-1"; tei. =5«o. ;
KEWISG aiACHI.VES AMJ SUPPLIES; j
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran- |
t*ed. Chas. I'lambeck, K'15 Mission, r.r. 15th. j
ALL kinds bought. 6old. exchanged, rented; !
r*>pairin(r at lowest rates. ?0.i Fourth st.
MURAGE A.\D WAKEHOl'SEs!
V.H^SO.V RROP.. storage and moving: covered I
\ar.s. Ter.th and Market; phQne South 762.
PACIFIC Ptorac* and Furniture Moving Com- j
psoj"- 2C20 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2*1.
nr.KINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et.; |
t»i. ?.!ain 1^49 — Packing, mo^r.g and storage. |
TVPEUHITEHS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT IBa RGA1NP IN~TYFEWIUTi:lCs^T\> |
m-H better machines for less money than any ;
bOBM In thp ettyj r*ntaJs, S3. The T>i>ewrlter .
Cv-hsns», f.CS California, telephone Main 2C6. j
' A TYPEWRITER, brand new. for 159. RE- !
*VAtJC-4M California st.
» — ? 1
nnu>i;\i] notices.
DiyTPESfD NOTICE— Divid«ii"l?oT*J07~flTiy ¦
cent* per rhare) of the Oceanic Steamshin j
Ccrrya;:y. ¦rill be rayaLle at the office of »h« '
roni^any. £27 Market st.. on and aft« 5 •
WEDNESDAY. Auf'-st 1. 1*30. Transfer I
b-.ck* will close ca 'ihursday. July 26. yj:0. j
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. PITFLTVDN. Secretary.
i J .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
S3£T0 WH>L buy handsome new house^T^ooml j
and bath: all modern; choice location; terms. I
J. II. lolNQ. Owner. 1543 Park st.
'¦ — j
ALAMEPA BOOMS. j
TIIREH lar S » rromt completely fuTnished, with !
the use of double parlors; close to station; in
£Md 'location; complete for housekeeping. I
::01 Central ave.. Alameda. j
ITOElIfADVTOMENTS
DCUKELEY REAL ESTATK.
IN Berkeley— Two-story modern cottage. -»v<-:i
Jk""!rj;e motaf and bath; double parlors- heavy
AJN, .:dirj5«; i-'.t. basement; lirir-k foundation-
i; '/xIj; street work complete; prk-e J3llj;
tnor.tMy p-iymenls if •l'-sire*!. Inquire uis
? •r^nilM*. Z'sl't I^lton ft.. Ashtiy Station- or
H'-rcn 6z Holocnib. lOCi Urcadway. Oakland.
CUCAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, pent to any addr^sa in the
L&.'.cc States cr Casada one year for 51.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
i _^ — —
OAlvI.AMI i(EAL iJSTATB.
PRETTIEST HOME IX OAKLAND.
For a oozy home there's nothing nicer than
this; l>rand n^w hoys'* of ."¦ room?, all modern
in every respect; lot .lixllfi feet; terraced lawn;
i ni.-o p3rden: hieh liaioment. etc.; price only
j $2;;0; see this and be tn.tisfled.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland.
I FOR SAI.K— Valuable Improved and productive
' property, lirir.pinsr In a monthly rental of $134;
I said proiwrty :» siiuateri on the main avent;<»
leaJinK from f'akland to Aiam«da; to be sc>!d
i hs a whole or in subdivisions for cash cr on
! f-aFV terms. Address MRP. SEV1N Y1X-
OHXT. ".2T Park ave.. Oakland. Cal.
tS» AND 525 per foot; in subdivisions: the SW.
co-. East Fourteenth St. ana Second ave.:
houses b-jltt to suit ar.d s^ld on easy ternie
on any lot tlier*. WILLIAM J. DINGE-E. 8u3
Broadway. Oakland.
NEW colonial: " rooms: finished In hardwood:
! 40xl!4; on west side of Telesraph ave.; must
j t>e eeen to be arpreclated. A. J. SXTDER &
CO.. 467 Ninth «t.. Oakland. Cal.
TCO"* ANT) up: chicken farms: S*» page catalogue
r,' h^mes. K. K. BUNCB, »88 Broadway. Oak-
land.
F'-'It sa!e — New modern cottage: 6 large rooms.
Lath ard laundry: lot 41x125 feet. Call at 14C0
I Filbert fit.
i ' ' —
OAKLAND nOlSES TO LET.
PRETTT double cottape of ten rooms, bath
and pay. In perfect order, veranda and gar-
flcn; ti'.rtlrvest corner Fifth and Clay sts. De-
tails and kpy. apply room 17, Oalindo Hotel;
j rent iii"<3erate.
; OAIvLAXD FUHMTUUE FOR SALtS.
I AN Introduction to you from H. S^hellhaas. the
f\-rr.itur«» doalfr. 11th ard Franklin. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
j UNIVERSITY OF CALIFOP.N1A. Berkeley:
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men— Notice Is hereby siv»n to all concerned
! that ftaic.1 proposals or bid? are solicited for
I ihe erection ot a residence for the president
! ni <be university and for performing the labor
Biid furnishins the materials necessary there-
i JOr.er.d MM bids or proposals will be received
: at the office of the Regents ot the University
cf California in the Mark Hopkins Institute
* cf Art, corner of Mason and California sts
' San TVancisco. Cal., at or before 12 o'clock ni"
of the 3Cth day of July. IT'00: and notice is
fcerrby further plven that the plans ar«
! fpeciflratlons cf said building have been ma*-
i and adopted and are placed in the office ul
; Albert Pissic. architect. 207 Sansome et g Jn
Kranci5cc. where the came may be seen and
examined during each day from 9 o'clock a
m until 4 o'clock p. m.. from this day until
! the 2Sth day of July. 1900. No blfls or pro-
, posals will be considered unless the same are
accompanied by a certified check or a bona
I cf eaid proposer in the sum of ten (10) Der
I cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties
, tcndltioned that, if said bid or proposal shall
he accepted the party proposing will duly en.
tor into a proper contract to faithfully ner"
form the duty and obligations in accordance :
eaid proposal, plan and speciflca- i
lions, which shall br and are hereby required '
to be a rart of such contract. The richt to
reject any and all bids Is hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California." approved March 25, lSes, and an
act amendatory of^ section 23 thereof, ap-
ttrucjon of buildings, approved March 3. 1S3T.
Ey crder of the Committee on Grounds and
Uulldlrigs In Alameda County.
TV'. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
NOTICE TO ( ONTRACTOP.S— Bids will be re-
ceivetl by the undersigned until 6 p. m. Au-
gust 6. and then opened, for the construction
of a wharf and warehouse covering about 100 -
000 square feet and about $00 feet of trestle
approach near the mouth of the Columbia
River. Clatsop County, Or. Plans and speci-
fications ran be wen and blank forma of pro- :
r>osa!s secured at the office of the Astoria
and Columbia River Railroad In the Flavet
building. Astoria. Or. A Fatlsfactory bond
will be required of the ruccessful bidder. The
undersigned reserves the right to reject any
or all bids in whole or in part as per forms
of proposal and specification*. NORTH-
WEST CONSTRUCTION COSIPANT.
CONSTRUCTION OF PRWER-Sanltary Dls-
triet No. 1 of Marin County, Ca!., asks for
bids for the construction of a system of sew.
ers In Ross Valley. Marin County, as per
pler.s and specifications on file with the sec-
retary. Rlcht reserved to reject any and all
bids. Bidder* will r!«a?e rail between the
hours of 9 a. in. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4pm.!
HENRT F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. TiKJlRY. Pec. 12(> PuHt St.. S. F.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The r-llowins marriage license* were Issued
yeeterday:
Frank Smith. S», 4114 Par street, and. Tillle
Postel. 3». 411U Ray street.
Jean A. F. RouquoTte. 1?. 705 California street, I
and Maria A. I/iurem, If.. 70S California street. I
P. William Otis. 14. S24 Mission street, and j
Marjorta Mc<V>w3n. 22. ">7< Howard Ftreet.
.Tames M. Fitzpatrlck. 21. 47 Shipley street,
and Catharine Curley. 3fi. 447 Linden avenue.
Msthias Troje. 30. Tesla. end Franzlska
Stritzel, 21. Tfsla.
William J. Wilson. 12. 1216 York street, and
Mary T. Ovrmeyer. IS. 1316 York street.
, BIRTHS-MARRIAGES^DEATHST j
/ ''
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by |
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CTMBERS— In Alnmeda. July 27, 19W, to the
wife of A. E. Cumbers, a daughter.
HORSTMKYER— In this city. July 4, 1900. to
the wrfe cf William Horstmeyer jr., a son.
MORA N'— In Pan Rafael. July 26. 13C0. to the
wife of James F. Uoran. a daughter.
MARRIED.
WHITE— JOHXPOX-In rWkeloy. July 17. 1900,
by th^ I>v. D. O. Kelley. John White and
Beverley Johnson, tv.th nf^San Francisco.
DIED.
Asmus, John
Blasdel. Henry G.
Buick. Mary H.
• 'allachan. Mrs. Mary
f*arroll, Bernard
Espel. Bernhardina
<Jagnon. Marie F.
Hawkins. Iiavirt
H.-lm«. John E A.
Kellr. Toblaa J.
Macliver. Margaret
McCarthy. Daniel
McNally, Edith E.
Marty. Fritz
Quirk. Hanorah
Haffo. Rev. Taul
F'-hmHt. Mrs. Jennie
Stfcrlir.B. C. C.
Sullivan. John F.
Thoma.-<. Frederick O
Wetjen. KKPIt C.
Velland. Itavmond D.
ASMUS— In this city. July I«. IW. at his resi-
dence, ir-yp Turk street, John Asmus, beloved
father cf Mrs. Henrietta Decker. Mrs. Amelia
Kf-cker and S<->r>hie Asmus. a native of
Wandsbeck. Hamburg. Germany, aged T> I
years R months and 25 days. A member of
Harmony Ixidee. No. 13. I. O. O. F., and Wal-
balla Eiifamrmont No. 7. I. O. O. F.
E^TFrlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fu'ly irivite<l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 oVlock, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
corner Seventh and Market streets, where
services will he held under the auspices of
Harmony Lo<ige No. 13. I. O. O. F. Inter- \
m»nt I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BLAFDEL— In East Oakland. July 26, 1900,
Henry G.. belovpd husband of Sarah J. Blas-
del, a native of Indiana, aged 75 years 6
months and 6 days. >
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residmce. Twenty-fourth avenue and East
Twenty-sixth street. East Oakland. Inter-
mer.t Mountain View Cemetery.
BUICK— In this city. July 27. 1900, Mary Hazel,
beloved daughter of William ar.d Kate Bulck.
and granddaughter of J"hn and Mary Bulck
and the late Michael and Elten Riley. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4 months
and 7 days.
I7Tlis funeral trill take place to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. Z\\ Fourth av?nue, between Cali-
fornia and Clement f-treets, Richmond dis-
trU-t. Interment Holy <>oesi Cemetery.
CAIXAGHAK-Jn L!vermore. July 27. 1900. Mrs.
Mary Ca!laghan, mother of Mary. Ellen.
Jam»s. John. Patrick. Uenry, Daniel, Ed-
HhNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. MBr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth »t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
/
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Z7 and 29 Firth st. Tel. South 167.
ICKERAL EIREOTORS AND EMBA.LHERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CREMATION^
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN. FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charse-for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
Is ISO. The tame for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
I BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
' CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
SAN FRAHCISCQ *AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. at.: 12:JS.
3:30. 5:10. (:20 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:39 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1»>
and 11:30 D. m.
i 6UNDATS-»:C0. l:». 11:00 a. ra.: 1:S>. J:M.
' 6:M. S:SO D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRA2JCISCO.
WEEK I>AT&-«:10. 7:50. 3:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:4V
J:40, J:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and fi 25 o. ra.
1 BrN*DATS-8J0. 9:40. 11:1» a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
S:06. 8:25 9. m.
Between San Franelsoo an< Schuatien Park
same schedule as above.
Lear* I In Effect. I Arrive
Ean rrar.cl»oo. |Apr. 15. 190(X[ San Francisco.
! Week I Sun- j I San- I Week
j Days. I days. | Destination.) days. ] Dayi.
7:30 am 3:30 am N'ovato. [10:40 am| 8:40 am
' 3:30 pm . 9:80 am Petaluma. | *:05 pm '10:25 am
j t:U ym t 5:00 pro Santa Roaa. j 7:SS pml «:2O pm
Fulton.
7:*0am Windsor. 10:t3 am
Healdiburc-
Lytton.
OeyserTtlla.
I 1:30 pm I tOO am Cloverdala. T:3S pm t:!Qpm
7:10 ami I Ropland { llOtSS am
»:M pm] 8:00 am! and Ukiah. I T:S3 pmj «:J0pna
7:30 am [ *>:» ana
1:00 am OnetoaTlUe. 7:39 pm
1:30 pm ( 1:20 pa
T:SO ami 8:00 am Sonoma t:ll am 1:40 am
j ' ' and
I 8:13 pm? 1:00 pm CTen Ellen. 1:06 pm l:» pa
! T:M ami 1:00 am! 110:40 am!10:J3 am
: 1:30 pm! 8:00 pm Eabaatopol. | ?:SS pm, f :20 pm
Etag*«a connect at Santa Eon for Mark West
I Springf and White Sulphnr Springs: at Fulton
I for Altruna: at Lytton for Ljrtton Sprlnri: it
\ Oyserrtll* for Skasffs Springs: at Cloverdal*
j for th* Oeysera: at Uooiand for Dancu
Sprlnrv Highland Eprin«». Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Fay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uk!ah for Vichy Sprinrs, flar»tcr»
£<Erinr3. B!u* Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
SrrfnfS. Upper Lake. Pcmo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rlver»t<l«. 1A<^\*y'*. BuekneU's.
aanhedrln Helzhts. Hu'.lrilie. Orr*s Bot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?, West-
port, uial. Wlllits. LaytcnTllle, , Cummin*.
Bell's Springs. Harrta. C!s«n'a. Dyer. Bcotla
and Eureka.
Saturday to llondar round trtv tteketa a«
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to »H potata
beyond Pan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. «5O Market St.. Chronic!* bld».
H. C. WinTTNO. R. X. RYAN.
. General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
1
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
w Steamers lea.ve Broadway
?tk. vharf. San Francisco:
V^^-w- f° r Alaskan rort.t — 11 a. m..
PStftas^ July SO, August 4. Chans* to
|#a^r2te* company's steamers at Seattle.
laTp?5\vk?t For Victoria. Vancouv»r (B.
Si^&T* \4S C. ). Port Town»end. Seatt>.
£re»Cl*1^*i Tacoma. Kverett. Anawrtu
r'* ia ife?fiM! an>i New Whatcom (Wash.)—
H a m., July 30. Aucrust i. nn.i
- ¦ every fU th day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay-J p. in.. July V.
Auirust 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crui Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harfonl (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota.
Eacta Barbara. V-nturi. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East 6an Pedro (Loa Angeles) and Newport-*
a. m.. July 2fi. 30. August 8. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis OblsDo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and T.edondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. July U, August 1. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d"l
Cabo. Maratlan. Altafa. I-a Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— W a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company ¦
folders.
The company reserves the right to chance
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevious notice.
TICKF.T OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE O.R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC 5 12 first Class Including Qartt
lAnC 53 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails August 1
COLUMBIA sutls July 27. August «
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
£30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
INO7V\E,
PORT CLARENCE. CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Passenger
Steamship.
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-flve hundred tons' displacement,
ABOUT AUGUST 1.^
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply t*
. KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
Zy> Market at.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong—with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S55. AMERICA MART".... Friday. August 3. WOO
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1S00
b^. NIPPON MART:
Saturday. September C. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratea. Tot
frelRht and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Hf T0&X. 8CUTHAHPT0N. L05O05. TlXtX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tor!: Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
New York August S St. Louis August S3
St. Paul ..August 13 New York August 23
RED STA-^ LIN2.
*.'««/ Yor^ or)d Antwr*>->.
From New Tnrk Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westemland .August li|Aragonla .....va»jst IS
Kensington ..August 8 Noordland ...August W
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Streetr
COMPABHIE GENERALS TKAN3ATLA5TIQTJX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS *aw
Paillns every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2. I?*>9. at w*3»»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot at
Morton street: LA TOURAINE. August J;
L'AQUITAINE. Auirust 9: LA BRETAGNE.
I August 18; LA LORRAINE, August 23. First
j class to Havre. JS3 50 and upward. Second class
to Havre. J35 and upward: 5 p*r cent reduction
1 on round trin. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
I UNITED STATKS AND CANADA. 22 Broad-
way (Hudson Euildlnx). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW -EXPTIESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSF.NGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAlf-
.BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOUKC*
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dw'y.Jf.T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
• Reserved If secured before departure.
! >IIER7.OG & CO.. Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
1 401 California st.. corner Sansome. S. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.— HO>«OI.in.IT, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
] SS ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
' Zealand and Australia Wed., Aug. 8, S p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA* Honolulu only)
Wednesday. August 22. t p. m.
I D. SPRECXELS k 83GS.C0., agts.. '14 Montgonwr)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Prei;hl0gce.323 Market St
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJfl. :;
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:I5
a. m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (»x-Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p.*m. and X:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. %
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. I. Telephone Main 130S.
FARE 50c.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral seniors
to-morrow (Pun<lay). -at 3 o'clock, at the par-
lor? of th<» First Congregational Church, cor-
ner Thirteenth and Clay streets, Oakland.
• Interment private.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 3224 Twenty-first street, near Mis-
sion. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
YELLAND— In East Oakland. July 27. 1300.
Raymond D. Yelland. husband of Annie E.
Meeker Yelland, and father of Wlnefred B.
Yelland, a native of London. England, aged 52
jeary.
(C^FrlendF and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(f>un<lay>, at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 12 Freelon Ftreet. thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 10:45 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. The mem-
bers of the Longshore Lumbermen's Protec-
tive Association are requested to attend the
funeral of their late 1 brother.
THOMAS— Entered into rest. July 27. 1900, Fred-
erick G.. husband of F. Q. Thomas, and
father of Arthur F., Olive Q.. Frank G., Ken-
neth I. and Helen S. Thomas.
WETJEN*— At Kents station, Marin County,
Cal.. Kgert Cord, beloved son of Cord II. and
Lizsette Wetjen. and brother of Cordie, Kate
and Lizzie Wetjen. a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 years 8 months and 3 days.
(C71he funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'ciock. from the family resi-
dence. Interment private, at the Santa Clara
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. July 21. 1300. John F-.
beloved husband of the late Mary Sullivan,
father of the late John F. Sullivan, and
broth«r-in-law of Mips Anne Gilmartin, a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 4 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between f-'eventh and Eighth. Remains
will be forwarded to Brooklyn. N. V., for in-
terment. Please omit flowers.
STIEKLIXG— Near Mountain View, July 2fi,
1900. C. C. Stlerllng, beloved husband of Clara
Ktlerling, a native of Switzerland, aged 72
years 3 months and 7 days.
SCHMIDT-At Botildln Island. July 24. 1900.
Mrs. Jennie Schmidt, beloved wife of the late
Christian Schmidt, and sister of Mrs. Dora
Esgerilng. Mrs. Charlotte Warnke, Mre. So-
r.hia Mohrmann, Mrs.. GrMchen Woebcke and
Claus Kock, a native of Bremervoerde, Han-
over, Germany, aged 45 years 4 months and
IS days. (Brooklyn, N. Y.. papers 'please copy.)
CyOffice and mass will be celebrated Mon-
day, July 30. at 8:30 o'clock, at St. Ignatius
Church, 214 Hayes street. Intermenfat Santa
Clara, by the 10:51 train from Twenty-fifth
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3S26 Mission street, thence to St. John's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BAFFO-Ia this city, July 27. 1900. Rev. Paul
llaffo, S. J.. a native of Italy, aged 79 years
and 9 days.
URS. H.M. GR.EE.VE, Sec.
MARTT— In this city, July 2G, 1900. Fritz
Marty, a native of B?rne, Switzerland, aged —
years. (St. Louis, Mo., paper* please copy.)
C^^Frl^rifis a n<l &cQU8.irit£iric£S &r© respect™
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, where
services will be held under the auspices of the
Pan Francisco Grutli Vereln. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
QUIRK— In this city, July 16. l?00, Hanorah
Quirk, beloved mother of Jamfs Quirk and
the late Michael and John Quirk, and sister
of the late Michael and John Spellman. a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland.- aged Si years.
EyFrienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the First Bap-
tist Church, Eddy street, between Jones and
leavenworth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
OKF1CCRS and members of Buena Vista Par-
lor No. 6S, N. E>. G. W., are hereby notified
to atund the funeral of our late sister, Edith
MrNally, from the First Baptist Church, Eddy
street, near Jones, this day (Saturday), at 1
o'clock. By order KMM.C BENING. Pres.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
iSunday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 42S Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McN'ALLY-ln this city. July !6. 1900, Edith E.,
.beloved daughter of Josephine McNally, and
>tstcr of Frank L. McNally, a native of San
Francisco.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission ttreet,
thence tr> St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn-requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:20 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
ilacIVER— July 26. 1900, Margaret, dearly be-
loved wife of Murdo Maclver. and sister of
the late John Dlckson of Elmira, Cal.'. a na-
tive of Belfast, Ireland, aged til years and 6
month!".
McCARTHY-In this city. July 27, 1900. Daniel,
beloved son of Jeremiah and Mary McCarthy,
and brother of Thomas, Charles, Jeremiah
and Joeerh McCarthy and Mrs. Julia Scott,
a ratlve of San Francisco, aged 40 years 4
months and 2 days.
lL J ? k Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Retail Grocers' Association are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
CSunday). at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2140 Howard street, corner of Eight-
eenth, thence by 10:40 o'clock train from
"Ewenty-rlfth and Valencia streets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— Drowned at Tiburon. July 15. 1900.
Tobias J.. son of the late Margaret T. and
Thomas W. Kelly, and brother of Thomas W.
Kelly of Santa Cruz, J. F. Kelly of Salinas
and Joseph M. Keljy of Xapa, a native of. San
F"rancisco.
CyFrlentlis ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Saturday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
<l-;nce, hhb Twenty-fourth street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, corner Hobart arid
Grove streets, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
HAWKINS-In this city, July 27. 1000. David,
b?loved husband of Kate A. Hawkins, and
fa cher of Liell Hawkins and Mrs. C. H. Wag-
"ner, a native of New York, aged 55 years.
HELMS— July 26, MOO, John E. A. Helms,
dearly beloved husband of Mary G. Helms,
and brother of H. W. Helms of St. Helena, a
native of Germany, aeed 60 years ' and 4
months.
C?"Tlie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from St. Michael's
Church, Llvermore.
CAKROLL-In this city. July 27. 1900. Ber-
nard, beloved son of Simon and Mary Carroll,
a native of San l*rancisco, aged C months and
1 day. x
ESI'EL— In this city, July 27, 1900. Bernhardlna
Espel, dearly beloved wife of the late Henry
K.^pel. and beloved mother of William. H«-nry
Jr.. I^ouis and George Kspel, Mrs. William
Uifmann ami th? late Eepel, a native
of* Hanover, Germany, aged 77 years 1 month
and "4 days.
GAOXOX—in Oakland. July 24. 1300. Marie
Frances, beloved wife of Joseph A. Gagnon,
and Fi?ter of Mrs. Charles Knox of London.
England, a native of France, aged 43 yeare.
(London papers please copy.)
ward, William and Joseph Callashan, a na-
tive of County Donecal. Ireland, ased 82
years.Chief Sullivan yesterday removed Po
liceman R.* J. McGrayan from the posi
tion of bailiff In Judge Conlan's court and
appointed Policeman Benjamin. Kaskell to
fill the vacancy. Kaskell has been twenty
one years on the force and bears an ex
cellent character. McGrayan was removed
because he has been reporting late for
duty.' . .
Change of Bailiff.
Lovers of the beautiful will have a rare
chance to purchase Chinese anil Japanese
works of art at the great fire sale which
opens Tuesday morning, July 24th, at the
store of Wing Fat & Co., 719 Dupont
street. Stock worth $30,000 to be sold with
out reserve In order to adjust the firm's
insurance. Sale limited to two weeks. . •
Sacrifice of Curios.
P. F. David, saloonkeeper,' 110 Eighth
Btreet, who was arrested Thursday night
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon for striking his wife on the head
with a piece of Iron, appeared before Judge
Cabanls3 yesterday. He acted so queerly
that the Judge sent him to be examined
before the Insanity Commissioners, who
reported that David was "mad as a
March hare." He will be sent to one ot
the insane asylums. He is a native or
Bombay, East India, and his wife la half
Chinese and half Caucasian.
Adjudged Insane.
Officer D. Healy of the Sacramento So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children is here hunting for Edna Gooley,
who ran away from her home a short tlm«
ago. Edna is only 15 years of age, but
from all accounts she believes she was
specially created for a life on the stage.
Her parents disagreed with her, but she
left home, saying she had made arrange
ments for an engagement in a theater in
Oakland. The officer could not find her in
the city across the bay, but after confer
ring with Secretary Parnell of the San
Francisco society he concluded that the
Kirl was in hiding in this city. Officer
McMurray will assist the Sacramento of
ficer In searching the lodging-houses for
the foolish girl..
Wants to Be an Actress.
The hackmen of the city met last night
and effected permanent organization
under the title of the Carriage Owners'
and Drivers' Association. The object of
the organization is mutual benefit and
opposition to all oppressive ordinances,
among the latter being considered the
recent one imposing: a quarterly license
fee of $15 upon the city jehus. The Trus
tees of. the new association are Thomas
Foley. John Mannion. William Michael
son. "William Beady and J. Hudspeth.
The president is William McLaughlin;
vice president. Thomas Martin: secre
tary. John Dowling: treasurer. William
McLaughlin Jr.; sergeant-at-arms, John
Mannion. The following were elected a
City Hackmen Organize.
Venerated Priest of St. Ignatius
Passes Away After Illness of a
Month's Duration.
The Rev. Father Paul Raffo, S. J.. died
early yesterday morning at St. Ignatius
College after an Illness of a month's du
: ration. Deceased was a revered member
of the faculty and priesthood of that in
stitution, and the news of his demise
Will come as a shock to his many friends
in California.
Father Raffo was nearly 80 years old
when death called, but in spite of his ad
• vanced age, none of his faculties was in
the slightest degree dimmed, and in his
: death St. Ignatius loses a valuable and
loved priest.
Father Raffo was a native of Genoa,
where he was born in 1S21. He studied in
the schools of the Barnabitos until he was
IS years old, when he entered the Society
of Jesus. After a few years his talents
earned him the chair of rhetoric in sev
eral of the most noted Italian colleges.
In 1S52, upon the completion of his theo
logical course, he was ordained priest.
Soon after he was sent as professor of
theology and scripture to St. Beuno's Col
lege, St? Asaph, Wales, whore he re
mained for live years.
Jn 1850, in response to a call for more
religious workers. Father Raffo came to
California. Since that date he has de
votorl himself to the exercise of his sacer
dotal duties at St. Joseph's Church in San
Jose and at Santa Clara College. But St.
Ignatius has claimed the lion's share of
Ills efforts. In former times he was a
well known ngure in Its pulpit, but of
late increasing years and growing infirm
ities have confined his work to the con
fessional, and to charitable duties.
The body will He in state In the gentle
men's sodality chapel of the college from
10 o'clock Sunday morning till after ves
pers, when it will be borne in solemn pro
cession to the church.
At 8:30 o'clock Monday morning the of
fice of the dead will be recited, to be fol
lowed by high requiem mass. The inter
ment will take place nt Santa Clara,
where the' dead priest will sleep amid the
scenes in which he labored faithfully for
so many years. ¦:/>•
FATHER RAFFO PASSES
PEACEFULLY TO REST
At the outset Attorney Barnes said that
he desired to have it appear on the record
that the defendant entered a general ob
jection Id the uroeredings. because the
Orand Jurj- stfii has his office under In
vestigation, the present hearing was
prejuaicial to the interests of the defend
ant and th*» spreading broadcast by th«
papers of the proceedings In the ' case
would be irure to make It difficult when
the case comes to trial in the Supremo
Court.
"How does Mr. Barr.es or any one else
Opens With an Objection.
crrp TTORNKY JAMES TAYLOR
// \\ ROGERS is at last in Jail. Police
jj- —^\ Judge Caisaniss sent him there
It VV yesterday afternoon, because he
persisted in refusing to answer
questions put to him by the District At
torney, after he had been sworn as a wit
ness against John M. Chretien, on trial
fur forgery. The court gave Rogers
ample opportunity to establish legal
grounds for his refusal. !ist?nir:tr for near
ly an hour to his argument and authori
ties. The attorney raved pbout his con
stitutional rights an.i paired the air in
his efforts to make an impression on the
court. But it old not go. Judge Cabaniss
Insisted that Rogers answer the question
«-r go to <ail until he was ready to
answer it.
Rogers chose to go to jail, expecting,
perhaps, t<t be released at once on habeas
corpus, but when last seen he was look-
Ing through the bars.
After ah. no one was surprised or dis
appointed over the outcome. Rogers
m j<- the whole aff;iir as dramatic as pos
sible, and then, when the court adjudged
him guilty of contempt, turned to the
newFpaper artists with a grin and told
them t<» "make good pictures. " Despite
the- fact that he had been pleading as an
excuse that even to admit that he was a
lawyer might tend to incriminate him, be
cause of his relations with Chretien and
others in the attt-rripteil looting of the
estate of Joseph Sullivan, he held his hea/1
high and Eeenaed* to think himself the
hero of the rlay.
Judge «;abaniss took up the Chretien
case at \\ o'clock yesterday morning. A
new complaint was filed against th<- dis
graced attorney charging him with
forgery. Attorney W. H. Barnes ap
peared for the accused man, assisted by
Attorneys I'erry and Curtis. District At
torney Hyington- conducted the prosecu
tion, assisted by Deputy James Hanley.
The court room B*as crowded, many • at
torneys l>eing present. Chretir-n entered
the courtroom smiling, and nodded to a
number of acquaintances.
."It is not material to this question," ho
paid, "whether the witness is or is not be
fore the Grand Jury. The law read is not
applicable to this case.. This examination
has not proceeded far enough to place the
When court reconvened in Judge Mo
gan's courtroom after lunch Rogers was
at the bar .with a pile of law books and
immediately plunged into a. lengthy argu
ment. The District Attorney frequently
attempted to interrupt him with n look of
disgust on his face. Finally Judge"Ca
baniss did stop the torrent of words.
Judge Cabaniss finally interrupted the
speaker with a demand for authorities,
which Rogers promised to furnish after
the noon recess.
"The whole thing is summed up in this,"
said Byington: "That the court must be
the judge as to whether the answer to a
question would Incriminate a witness. If
it were left to the witness to judge the
wheels of Justice would quickly * be
stopped."
"What has become of the Chretien
case?" said Barnes as the court adjourned
for the noon recess.
The witness then struck a more dra
matic attitude and shouting and swinging
his arms entered into a lengthy discussion
of the question, citing cases and quoting
authorities. He said that the Grand Jury
had summoned him to~ an inquiry, nnd
that District Attorney Byington had said
in the newspapers that he would prose
cute him (Rogers) if he could do so.
"You cannot throw me off my guard.
Brother Byington," replied Rogers again.
"We know that there Is nothing In this
but delay," said the District Attorney.
"The whole matter was threshed out in
the Superior Court."
"I deny any such statement." retorted
Rogers, hotly. "I have my rights as a
citizen, even though I am in a predica
ment. I know my rights and am going to
have them."
"Rogers has been studying on this thing
for a month."
"So far as my client is concerned." said
Attorney Barnes, breaking in, "he waives
all rights at this time to any confidence
ho might have reposed In you."
"If you were here as a defendant, Mr.
Rogers," Faid the . court, "your grounds
would be tenable, but unless you have
further and specific objections I will be
obliged to command you ¦ to answer the
question." •
"Permit me to address ' the court." re
plied Rogers. "A witness cannot com
mence an examination and continue it to
a certain point and then refuse to go on.
so I have refused at the outset. That Is
the way that I understand the law."
Judge Cabaniss argued the question at
some length and then said: ¦ ,
"I decide that you have not reached the
point which would tend to incriminate."
"Your Honor Is In error," -said Rogers.
"It will not take long to get through
with the witness," Interjected Byington.
Waves Chretien's Rights.
R. J. Graf, secretary of the J. J. Rauer
Collection Agency, testified that he had
received the deed and two receipts from
Chretien and had seen him paid for them.
Attorney Barnes did not cross-examine
the witness at all. but after they had con
cluded, moved that their testimony be
stricken out as incompetent and irrele
vant. The motion was denied.
Robert Colthorp. the colored janitor In
the employ of Chretien, was a willing wit
ness. He frankly admitted plgning the
name "John Sullivan" to a number of
papers, at the request of Chretien. He
did nof read the documents; but easily
and positively identified all the signa
tures Witness said that he had never
appeared before Notary Public Lee D.
Craig to acknowledge an instrument. . He
indorsed Rauer's check in a saloon at
Montgomery and Pine streets.- Professor
"Dutchy" was present.
Attorney James .Taylor Rogers was
called and sat down in the witness chair
with an air of superiority and determina
tion.
"What is your name?" asked the Dis
trict Attorney.
"James Taylor Rogers."
"Your occupation?"
"Now. if the. court please." snld Rogers,
half-rising from his chair, "I desire to
make a statement." - ¦'., -''z '¦ ¦
"This is no time. for statements," inter
rupted District Attorney Byington.
"Please answer my question."
Rogers got on his feet and faced the
court, raising his voice.
"I object to answering any questions,"
he shouted, "that may be. ask<*d of me for
these reasons: Having been attorney for
heirs in the estate of Joseph S. Sullivan,
deceased, and having had relations of a
confidential nature with J. M. Chretien,
this defendant, and others who have been
accused of various crimes, I claim exemp
tion. I claim exemption under the fifth
amendment to the constitution of the
Vnited States, under section 13. article 1,
of the constitution of California, and un
der section 20C5 of the Code of Civil Pro
eedure, all of which provide that a man
cannot be compelled to testify to that
which might tend to Incriminate him."
Graf Received the Desd.
The deed, receipts, powpr of attorney
and several other documents, admitted
by the defendant to be forged, were
placed in evidence. One of these was an
instrument purportir.fr to ' be an assign
ment of ono-third interest in the Sullivan
estate to Chretien. Rauer testified that
he had loaned Chretien f.VX) cash on it.
adding a bonus of J1T.0 and including $1.V)
which the dl5gnw4 lawyer already owed
him. making the face value of the loan
$W>0. Rauer said he had never seen John
Sullivan, or the man who was maKque
ra'ding tinder that nnmp. He believed the
transaction to be straight. Sine? then he
has been convinced that no such . person
ever r-xisted. Witr.esr- was not In Judge
Troutt's court when Chretien made his
celebrated conff^rlon.
"Cbroticn said his client wanted to
sell," Rauer testified, "and I had my
lawyer look into the matter.' My lawyer
reported favorably, and I made a dicker
with Chretien; whereby I gave him a
check for $7.Vi for an alignment of John
Sullivan's Interest. The check ¦was made
payable to John Sullivan. That was on
May 4. Next day my clerk received a
deed to the property and duplicate re
ceipts, and the check was paid at the
bank, being indorsc-d "John Sullivan' and
•J. M. Chretifn.' "
J. J. Raufr, collector and money lender,
who bought from John Chretien the
worthless deod and assignment that pre
tended to give him title to the saving?
of Joseph Sullivan, dweased, was the
lirpt witness called. He repeated the
already familiar story of the transaction
by which Chretien secured gold from him
for forged and worthless papers. It was
on April 25 that Chretien first showed to
him his :>ower of attorney from the
fictitious "John Sullivan" and talked
about selling the estate.
know what the Grand Jury is Investi
gating?" paid Mr. ByJngton.
"Nor do I very much care," said the
court.
At this point Attorney Ropers asked to
be excused until ho snould be needed,
agreeing to answer a telephone call with
in five minutes. The District Attorney
objected to him leaving the room, so he
was compelled to stand by and hear the
evidence.
P. W. Smith, the official stenographer,
who took Chretien's confession, was
The court ami the District Attorney
agreed, .however, that the remainder of
the State's case should be presented and
it was so ordered.
"We expeot the tpsclmony of this wit
ness to b.> of vital importance to my cli
ent." ho raid, "and it may determine what
our tlffense shall be."
Judge Cabaniss was obdurate, however.
He ordercJ Rogers 'nto immediate cus
tody and asked the District Attorney to
have a commitment drawn.
Attorney Hamcs asked that further tak
ing of testimony be suspended.
"1 nsk as a citizen.." pleaded Rogers,
"and as an attorney who has had an hon
orable record up to this time that the
court grant me ¦•my liberty until the
higher courts decide this matter."
Judge Cabaniss replied that he would
have to consider witness in contempt and
would have to order him into custody, to
remain in custody until ho consented to
answer the questions as ordered by the
court.
"I want to say to the court," he paid,
"that this whole matter is now before
the Supreme Court and if it is decided
against mo I shall carry it to the United
States Supreme Court."
Rogers shut his law book with a slap,
and with a surly air took the witness
chair again.
District Attorney— Read the last ques
tion. Mr. Reporter.
Reporter— Your occupation?
Rogers— I refuse to answer that and all
other questions, standing on my right, etc.
Byington— 1 ask that the court compel
the witness to answer the question.
Hut Rogers would not answer the ques
tion.
Still Refuses to Answer.
witness in the position he assumes. Take
the stand again, Mr. Rogers, and continue
the examination."
TAMES TAYLOR ROGERS DELIVERS H IS BELONGINGS TO THE PRISON-KEEPER.
Transfer Made Necessary to Accom
modate the Large Number
of Pupils.
The commercial department of the Poly
technic High School, on account of its
crowded condition, has been transferred
to the building in the rear of the Lincoln
Grammar School, formerly occupied by
the "Webster School, under the supervision
of Charles H. Murphy. This building has
been thoroughly remodeled to meet the
growing demands of a school of this char
acter, and being situated in the heart of
the city the presnt prospects indicate a
large attendance the coming year.
A larjje number of pupils have already
registered. The requisites for admission
are the tame as those required for the
several high schools, namely, graduation
from the grammar schools or their equiv
alents.
To meet the popular demand of large
business houses a one year's course of
study consisting of bookkeeping, business
arithmetic. stenography. typewriting.
English and commercial correspondence,
commercial law, commercial geography.
Spanish and penmanship has been pre
scribed. The aim of this course is to fit
young men and woman for actual busi
ness by giving them a thorough business
education. On admission to the school
each pupil will at once enter on a course
of actual business as carried on in busi
ness houses.
A special course has been provided for
the graduates of the several high schools
and those pupils who were taking the
commercial work In the Polytechnic High
School. The continuation of their studies
for a period of six months will enable
them to graduate and receive a diploma
for the lull course.
COMMERCIAL SCHOOL IS
GIVEN NEW QUARTERS
There was nothing done in the Chretien
case yesterday by the Grand Jury. It
will meet again next Friday afternoon.
The Grand Jury spent most of the after
noon, while waiting to see if Rogers
would llnd time to come before It, in dis
cussing the question of finances. The
jury Is likely to tind the financial ques
tion an interesting one, for the old rule
of unlimited funds has been done away
with and instead the two Grand Juries
for the year have Bet aside for them $2000.
With the J10OO that will be the share of
the present Grand Jury it can do but
little more than pay the stenographer
and a few minor expenses, and the chance
for employing an expert Is very limited
indeed. It was decided, however, that it
was best to ro ahead on an allotment of
a certain sum each month, on what cases
come before it, and then if there be any
extra investigations, to try to find some
assistance from the Supervisors. •
Respite From the Grand Jury.
n^ e was x . n <> consideration of the
&£? n S o. Ca H e n b> ; the Grand Jury yester
rm,U Z w11! th f re be untu the Supreme
Court has passed upon the contempt mat-
Ju'dgf Ca D a3ss ROgerS W3S SGnt tO jal1 b^
th J i I s ? J& e °P l ?> lon of the Grand Jury that
the right of Rogers to refuse to answer
question can be settled by an appeal
"P?. n tne contempt proceedings in the
f ollc e Court, and so it is not necessary
f, .n i? t ury L to s ° fal *ther into the case
until it has been determined whether or
not it can. The contempt before the
Grand Jury and that before the court is
the same, and so the weight of his refusal
ma , v as well be determined through the
Police Court. The Grand Jury has not
ilnished with his case, however, and as
soon as the contempt case has been final
ly decided It will take the matter ud
again.
When the time for the meeting of the
Grand Jury arrived yesterday afternoon.
Rogers was before the Police Court, and
so District Attorney Byington came up
to make his excuses for him and ask the
Grand Jury to put his case over for
awhile.
?u D ! s *u ict c Attorney Byington announced
tnat the State's case was complete except
ror the testimony of Rogers. k
At 5 o'clock the commitment for Rogers
2£? # ace l in the hands o£ a Policeman
and the attorney was taken to the City
rTison. *
MjSfeSSSSa??!"".^^ CaSe UntH
ih? n nfiJ i & 1 ? r ?°eers spent the night in
t w «f y T rls^? > J°£ cupvin S a cell near
Mr} o /.h 0hn M .' Chretlen - In the early
?.f«fit f t . he evening Rogers received a few
nlfri nfLr n »l h f w a»ting-room of the prison
=?f oi ter th . eir tle P a rt"re he and Chretien
fhHr /•n er ! in ? unt11 th °y were taken to
a^up^Vho^s 10^. " P Ior the nisM '
sworn and a transcript of the confession
admitted in evidence without opposition.
Captain of Detectives i Seymour corrob
orated the foregoing testimony.
Notary Public Lee D. Craig testified that
he was well acquainted with Chretien,
but had never seen Colthorp until he
was summoned In this case to Judge
Troutt's court on July 10. He admitted
having acknowledged the deed and two
receipts on May 5. Two men accompanied
Chretien to his office at the time and one
or them was Introduced as "Mr. Sulli
van.
bxam i nation of
Forgery Case
Before Judge
CabanissWell
Under Way.
" - - ¦--¦'-'>•-¦ ¦-.;.,¦¦--¦¦¦ • | _' • -
Court and Lie in Jail Rather
Than Risk Incrimination.
i % j
Chooses to Brave Wrath of
DEFIANT LAWYER JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS
IS FINALLY LANDED BEHIND PRISON BARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JXJJLY 28, 19OO.
14
DR.M?NULTY.
nuns well-known and RELi.\Br.noLD
X Wi>ecl:ilisr;v«r^* I'rivme. Nervous, uud Blood l>,>.
»«' o* -M«->» oitJrj. is.>,.;i on rr.vate Xnwea-tes a ,O
\Ve:ilciie>^es of.Mt>n. free. Over •-(> y [ rV ex peripjje.
T:itif»nr«irurefiru H«>m»j. Term.iren*nnnbl<». Hour*9
:n3r1.iilr:(5.30to8:"»> ev'?s. Snmtar*. I0to12. Consul-
ta.tiu!tfrr<>:iiii|.«nrre'll.vrf>iiti<!t»titlnl. Call.orad<lre»
I». KOKCUK 3IeXl'I.TY. Jt . O.
263i Kearny St., »an Francisco, Cal.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near PoweU.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 383 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
After a Refreshing Fath
On a sultry day the prospect of puttln*
on such exquisitely laundered linen, white
and faultless In finish, la a pleasure to the
man that has his shirts, collars and cuff3
"done up" at our laundry. Our aim Is to
please our patrons, and we spare no pains
to do it. as we want the patronage of
even* man * n San Francisco. No "saw
Domestic finish for full dress shirts IX
you order it. _____
Bank Stock paper saves the sight, best school
paper. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay, makers, •
3 s es Premiums E|*aa
many GiVCQ H JL V/ V
WTTH
Teas, Coffees, ] .'.»
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
3 times as many Premiums with Teai
3 times as many Premiams with Coffee
3 times as many Premiums with Spies
3 times as many Premiums with Extracts
3 times as many Premiums with Soda
3 an'm^ny Prcmiams with Baking Powder
Frosh Roasted Goffcss
in, iSt »«, a5t 3o. 33. 40 Cta. L.tx
? ; Pisra Teao
:5» 4Qt 50. 60. 7"» 80 Cta. per I.t»
-pice, Baking Powder, Extracts.Mush
10. I'j, 35, 45 ctn. per Can
A Ills: rrcmlnni Given wltli
Every r»nroln>*»e
ioodTlme and i»lace to nn.v
PrlcesNeTer 00 Cheap
Prcralams Never so Jlany
iireat American temss Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter.and Post),
fcbl Market St. tUpp. Powell). '
140 Sixth St. • -
355 Hares St. IIS "Third St.
1419 Tolk St. • 521 Montgomery Ave.
2016 Mission St. , 705 Larkin St.
1006 Sixteenth St. , 1S19 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Hatcht St.
1008 Fillmore St. 32S5 Mission St.
52 Market St. 2733 2ith St.
OAKLAND STOriES.
1K3 Washington St. 616 K. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. . 11S3 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
S. S. Stevi/art
Banjos
Geo. Bauer Guitars
and v andolins
Ste-vart Banjos have been pla3-cd
all over this country by amateurs,
teachers and professionals for 25
years — there could . not be 'a
; stronger testimonial for these fa-
mous banjos.
Farhnrl. the world's greatest ban-*
joist, plays exclusively on a Stew-
art..
Bauer Mandolins and Guitars are
practically perfect instruments;
e\-ery one is individually made, reg-
istered and fully guaranteed. They
improve with age. and are to-day
the most Thoroughly satisfactory irf-
struroents of any in their line. We
are the Pacific Coast agents.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Tleinway Fiano Ce^brs,
Cor. Kearny »r.d Stitter tin.. S. F.
Cor. I3th «.n<J Broadway, Oakland.
Clothes
boys
We want your trade
and cut prices to get it.
That's the only way
we know besides sell-
ing better/ neater
clothes than others.
We do both.
Suits, long trousers, good
Oveight, serviceable, soecia!
value...... $6.5o
Double-breasted Suits,
Knee Trousers, good colors,
special value. . : ... . . . $2.75
Fancy Suits for little ones-
natty, extra value, for age*
3 to'8.. $2.5o
AT THE
RELIABLE OUTFITTERS.
Koos Dros
25-37 Kearny St.,
Cor. ¦ of Post.
- . ¦ ¦' '. ¦ • t ..¦.>¦-.
.. . •-¦¦ . ¦ . ¦ . - . ¦ .
We've selected from a few of our
most prominent departments A FEW
SPECIALS, which we place on sale
TO-DAY and MONDAY. The reduc-
tions made on some of these specials,
to say ths least, are sensational.
4 CORSET SPECIALS.
LADIES 1 GRAY CORSETS, 50c quality; special
price 35c
LADIES 1 BLACK FRENCH CORSETS, 73c
quality; special price" ; f>Oc
LADIES' R. & G. or C. &. N. , CORSETS, $1.00
quality; special price 75c
LADIES* R. & G. or C. & X. CORSETS, good
whalebone. In long-, short or medium waist.
$1.50 quality; special price $1.<M>
4 LADIES' VEST SPEC!/ LS.
SUMMER "WEIGHT. LONG SLEEVES, ' all
Elzes. 2Sc quality; special price....; 15c
SLEEVELESS VESTS, all colors, all sizes. 20c
quality; special price..... .'..•. 12y>e
LADIES' VESTS. Richelieu rlbbort,. medium
weight. Ions, sleeve*. 50c quality; special
LADI ES'' LISLE THREAD 'VESTS! ' all 'col" Vs!
• all sizes, 75c quality; special price 4!>e
2 VEILING SPECIALS.
All our 2Dc and 35c WASH VEILS will be sold
at IIJc each
All our 33c and 40c BLACK SILK VEILINGS,
very latest designs, will be sold at...iI5e yd.
PULLEY BELTS, made of best silk ribbon, a'll
I sizes i!,~c
PULLEY BELTS, made of best satin ribbon,
newtEt effect .' -lS>c
5 HOSIERY SPECIALS
These five Hosiery Specials are all warranted
fast black and full finished:
LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED HOSE, loc
quality; special price. 1O<-
LADIES 1 PLAIN RIBBED HOSE, double h«?el
nnd toe. 20c quality: special price HI'4o
LADIES' SILK and LISLE MIXED HOSE,
fancy ribbed, double heel and toe. 3Cc qunl-
-lty: special price il-lc
CHILDREN'S IXL RIBBED SCHOOL HOSE,
double knee, heel and toe, all s'.zes. 20c
quality: special price lUUc
CHILDREN'S EXTRA HEAVY HOSE, double
heel, knee and toe, extreme length, 23c qual-
ity; special price ...ISc
LADIES' LIBERTY SILK COLLARETTES,
all colors, daintily trimmed, newest com-
binations. T.-orth $1.50; special price J)Wc
Don't overlook our RIBBON COUNTER; b'ljj
values to-day in this department.
We've cut deep Into the prices of LADIES'
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. WRAPPERS . and
SKIRTS. Read to-day's Examinee for quota-
tions In these deoartments.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones..
Manufacturers of Ladies' and Children's Wear,
Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
As a tonic, nothing In the world beats Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
GRANULATED SUGAR FREE.
To every purchaser of S r&s of ow bast
Mocha and Java CoSaa for tt or I n>9 of tni«
season's English Breakfast Oolong Uncolored
Japan Teas for $1 we will give 4 R)S best Gran-
ulated Sugar FREE.
FAIRBANKS Gold Dust, 3-Ib pk? 15c
Limit. 2 packages. Regular, 20o.
EASTERN SUGAR-CURED HAMS 121c
Guaranteed. Regular. 15c
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square- .35c
¦\Ve handle tho best Creamery.
Regular, -45c.
BEST CITY EGGS, ton : . 221c
Fresh from the Mission. Regular, XTUs.
. GOOD COOKING BGG9. 17Hc
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, 3-Ib bar.... 25c
Guaranteed imported. Regular, 30c.
MACARONI. VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti. Rejular, 2^:.
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg 12k
Xerve Food. Regular, 13c.
OYSTERS, extra quality, 2-lb cans... 20c
Peerless brand. Regular. 25c
DR. PRICE'S BAKING POWDER, Mb can . 15c
Regular. !£c can.
SWEET CAKES. o^f^SSS; 10c
Cocoanut Taffy. Regular 15c and 20o Ib.
Gliirardalli s Ground Chocolate,^...250
Limit 2 cans. Regular 30c
Send for Monthly Price LJ»t. Free.
Country Orders Promptly Attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 milea.
134-8-1354- MARKET STREET.
Opp- 7th. Phone S. 293. No Branch Store*.
committee on by-laws: Martin T?»r~>»ry
Charles McKe«ler. Michael Ooffle. iYS
decided that the president. \ice prwrtdent
and secretary ahould wait on ths bZ
S3SS P??d e ay mCetlnS "*"
Sale's.
sales of .?
j3|Ji|g~ Saturday \
J^6l^^ J "ty there are sales to-day of un- V
SI 8 i Vv55* usual strength in every depart- '. 4V-
0 M S fi »^L\ xnent of this extensive store ' 3 ' 7
f M B H ojk the savin ° s vou can make -will %
school opens Monday— Hals's is 1
Bg$3BB& open to-day to supply the many 7
; ~ ne8^ s a * saving prices. •;.. ?
if school bags, assorted colors. 134x13 :3c
C| schnnl bsu--s. assorted colors, 12 xlo 13c J
W school bass, assorted colors. 11^x12 9c A
J. pencil boxes, ready for Use jc V
6 baseball bat pencil boxes, with penholder, «late and lead pencils and k.
1 ™l«r • 13c ft
A slates, covered edges — /- i -. T
Y single. 8HX12H 12o A
1 slng.'e, 6%x8H gX
f\ double. S&xl2% .*.\\".\\\\\\\\\\\V.*.".V.'.'.~"."."Mo I
J Rag plate pencils. 1 dozen to box '...".. 4o n
A^' wooden slate pencils, fancy colors. 6 for 6c w
«a sponges, each " "' '* '" i c I
y colored crayons, dozen * ... jijc A
A ICO slate pencils ?.."..,;....,. Vh J
Q free— with every purchase in this department, a 12-inch hard wood A.
T ruler gratis. 100O while they last to-day. Q
I hosiery opportunities %
f§ this hosiery department wouldn't hold its place at the top If it didn't /
W keep stocked with the very best values In the market — a -word of tn« A
A. latest arrivals — ?
y 200 dozen ladies* seamless fast black cotton bose. with fashioned It* A
X and narrowed ankle— come in two styles— plain with pearl ribbed elaitio y
\S tcp and Richelieu ribbed all the way — double heels and toes, sizes 8% L
J to 10; per pair , J2Hc ft
A 160 Cozen ladles' linen feet hose; made with real elastic feet.black /
y maco cotton top, full fashioned: tho feet spliced with extra strong pure A
1 ¦ Irish linen; sizes 8 to 10; per pair JSo y
7 gloves 4
Y • in all th* latest fashionable shades, in sizes J% to VA: a perfect fit- A
f ting, stylish dress glove; the celebrated Hte. Jouvln; per pair $1.BO y
« a glove made after our own rigorous specifications and embodying X
J true glove worth, ot course, that mean* the Hale or H B. a beautiful ©
A line of fashionable shades Jn sizes 5ft to 7^. we will b« glad to fit them, J
I rings for pulley belts j
J splendid collection of novelties in pulley belt rlnrs with buckle, com- f.
A bmatlon. per pair, l'o to _.........—«. $L23 ?
black enameled, gilt or stiver pulley belt rings. 2 pair for Jo L
4 feather boas , ¦¦> I
A the balance of ostrich boaa on order placed beforw the advune* are J
y now In— they are full long fiber and of that beautiful, laatln* luster we I
I all admire— and they are at the old prices. A
Ql grey and white, plain gray and natural, each.... ..$13.00 t» J20.00 /
y 36 Inches in 4$ lncte» in A
/ black J? 1 '^ f&O&r^£7 black only V
Sale's.